Key
LESSON
NO. 7
Grove's Music
vSimplifier
Copyright, 1904. by W. Scott
Grove, Scranton, Pa.
T N are presented the chords of the
I key of F sharp and its relative, the key of D
■ sharp minor. Both of the*: keys are regarded
* as difficult for beginners in music to under
talsje, but»with the use of the charts the chords may
be'readily played and soon committed to memory.
Place one of the charts at right angles with the
keyboard", so that thesmall letter D with a dash
above it'on the chart is directly over Don the key
board. Then the white spaces on the chart will be
over the white keys and black spaces over the black
keys.
The top, middle and lower sections on the
lower chart represent the three chords, a mastery ,
of which will enable any one to accompany on the
piano any song or melody in the key of E, and
the upper chart represents the chords of the key
of D sharp minor. The black letters are to be
played with the left hand, the colored letters with
the right hand.
Now having placed the chart on the piano,
play the black letter on the top section witrr the
left hand and then the three colored letters in
unison with the right hand. Next play the mid
dle section in the same way, then the lower section
and then return to the top section. The small
. letter D with a dash above it which gives the
chart position must not be played.
The knowledge of the keys and facility in *
striking the : proper chords form the basis of all
musical knowledge. Keep the chart on the piano
until yon are thoroughly Jamiliar with the chords
in the keys given in this week's lesson, and, when
memorized, you are quite as well equipped for the
playing of accompaniments as one who has studied
music for years.
EIGHTH LESSON NEXT SUNDAY,Thi« is the first installment of "The Brethren," H. Rider Hag- - j
gard's latest work. Mr. Haggard needs no introduction. "She." j
"Allan Quartermain," "Kins Solomon's Mines"' and a dozen other J
eqnnlly absorbing romances have made his name a household word. j
in the present novel the author- lias almost entirely* departed from '
the weird, Imaginative sensationalism of his earlier books and has ;
devoted himself t<> the tools of the writer of the legitimate bistort- ;
eaf novel. In "The Brethren" Mr. Haggard nas stamped himself as \
a master of the modern historical romance.
Following "The Brethren" will appear "The Castaway." by Hal
lie Ermlnie Rives, to be followed by Booth Tarklngtoil's "Monsieur
Beaucairc." •
Copyright. 1904. by McCluue. PhllUrs".*'
Author's Note.'
[Standing a while ago upon, the Bo«f-cW
plain above Tiberius, by the -ot (AIUK .
the writer gaied at' the doubl* ;;e*Us o* tfre
Hill of Hattin. Here,- or so trartiti.m »ay.a._
Christ preached the sermon CB the mount—
that perfect rule of gtmti'ene.-s an'l ■ peupc ■
Here, too—and this is certain-after n*» r) y
twelve centuries had gone by, Yuau, mi*
•d-din. whom we know a* the Suitan • Sa.adm. •
crushed the Christian powtV.in
perhaps the most terrible tattle which that
land. of blood haa known, and the Mount ot
the Beatitudes became the Mount of Massacre.
It was while musing oh the*e .f.rangelj! con- ■
trasted scenes enacted In one place that there
aroaa In hia mind a <s**tr< to weave, as i.en
he might a tale wherein any who are drawn
to the romance of that pregnant and ns.ystfT.ous.
epoch when men by thousands . were. inaa to
lav down their lives for visions and splnt.ua.
ho'pea. could find a picture, however faint an
broken of the long war between Cross an.
Crescent waged among the. Rynan plains anil
desert* Of Christian knights and ladies a.ao
and their loves and sufferings la Eng.and and .
the Eaat: of the fearful lord .'.of the Aasaseir.s
whom the Franks called Old Man of- the ■
Mountain and his fortress city, Masyaf; of
\he great-hearted. If at-'tWs cruel,• falad n
and fata fierce Saracens; of the cout of Hattin
itself, on whose rociy height the Holy Ho.'.a
was act up as a standard and captured, .to be
no mora by Christian eyes; and. amor.fr
othef matter!, at the last surrender, whereby
the Crusaders lost Jerusalem forever. •
Of that deaire thla story ,is the fruit ]
PROLOGUE. .
A-V Commander of
LJ th* Faithful, the King strong .to
aid, Sovereign of ;the East, sat at.
U night in his palace at Damascus
and brooded on the Wonderful
of God, by whom he had been
lifted to his high estate. He. remem
bered how., when he was but small in
the eyes of men, Nour-eel-din, .King of
Syria, forced him to accompany his up- .
cle, Shirkuh, to Eeypt, wh'UUer.he went,.
"like one driven to his death,"-and how,
against his. own will, there .he arose to,
greatness. He thought at his -fathfsr,.
the .wise Ayoub, and the brethren with
who h« was brought up, ail of them
dead now save one; and,of his sisters,
whom he had cherished. Most of all did
he think of her, who had been
stolen away by the knight whom she
loved even to the loss of Iter own soul—
yes by the English friend of bis youth,
his fathers prisoner, : Sir . Andrew
D'Arcy, who, led astray Toy passion,
had done him'and his house this- griev
ous wrong, fie had sworn, he .remem
bered, that he would '.bring her back
even from England, and already had
planned to kill her husband .arid cap
ture her when he learned her death.
She had Jeft a child, or so .his spies
told him, who, if she still lived, must,
be a woman, now—his own niece,
though half of noble English blood. •
Then his mind wandered from this
old half-forgotten story of the woe and
blood in which his days- were set» and
to the last great struggle between the
followers of the prophets Jesus and
Mohamet, that *Jibad for which he
made ready—and he sighed. For he
was a merciful man,, who loved not
slaughter, although his fierce faith"
drove him on from war to war. .
Sa!ah-ed-dln slept and dreamed of
peace. In his dream a maiden stood
before him, and when she lifted her
veil, he saw that she was beautiful,
with features .like his own, but fairer,
and knew her surely for the daughter
t of his own sister who had fled with'
the English knight. Now he wondered
why she visited him thus, and lh his
' vision prayed Allah to make the mat
\ ter clearer. Then suddenly he saw this
, same woman standing before him on a
Syrian plain, and on either side of her
a countless host of Saracens' and
Franks, of Whom thousands and tens
of thousands were appointed to death.
Lo! he, Salah-ed-din, charged -at the
head of his squadrons, scimitar aloft,'
but she held up- her .hand and stayed
him- -ts»
."What do you* here, my niece?"- he:
asked.
"I am come to save the' lives of men
through you,"" she .answered; "and
therefore was I born of your blood, and
therefore sent to you. Put up
- your sword, King, and spare them.." ;
"Say, maiden, what ransom do • you.
bring to buy this multitude from
doom? What ransom and what gift?" ;
"The ransom of my own blood, free-,
ly offered, and heaven's gift of peace
to your sinful soul, O King."
• Then with that outstretched hand
she drew down Ms keen-edged scimitar
and it rested upon her breast.
Salah-ed-din awoke and marveled'on
his dream, but said nothing of it to any
man. The next night It returned •to
him, and the memory of it went with
him all'the day that foTlbwed, "but still
he said nothing.
When on the t" -d night he dreamed
it yet again, even iriore vfvidly. then
he was sure that this thing was from
God, and summoned his holy Imauns
and his. Diviners, and took counsel with
them. These, after they had listened,
prayed and consulted, spoke thus:
"O Sultan, Allah has warned you in
shadows that the woman, your* niece,
who dwells far away in England, shall
by her own nobleness and sacrifice, in
some time to come, srttve you from
shedding a sea of blood, and bring rest
upon the land. We charge you, there
fore, draw this lady to your court and
keep her ever by your side, since if
she escapes you, her peace goes with
her."
Salah-ed-din said that this interpre
tation was wise and true, for thus also
he had read his dream. Then he sum
moned a certain false knight who bore
the Crosg upon his breast, but in secret
hafl accepted the Koran, a Frankish
spy of bin, who came from that coun
try where dwelt the maiden, his niece,
and from him learned about her, her
father and her home. With him and
another spy who passed as a Christian
palmer, by the aid of Prince Hassin,
one of the greatest and most trusted of
his Emirs, he made a cunning plan for
the capture Qf the maiden If she would
not come willingly, and for her bearing
away to Syria. Moreover—that in the
eyes of all men her dignity might be
worthy of her high blood and (ate—by
•Holy
his decree he created her,: the niece
. whom he hed never seen. Princess of
Baalbec, .with great possessions—a rule
that herffgrandfather, Ayoub, and her
' uncle, libieddin, >.bad held before her.
Mso he purchased a stout galley of
war, manning it with proved sailors
and with chosen, men at arms, under
the command of the Fringe Hassan,
and wrote a letter to the English L,ord.
Sir Andrew D'Arcy. and h j s. daughter,
•a-nd prepared a royal gift of jewels, and
sent, them to- the lady,, his niece, far
away in England, and*with it the pat-
of her rank. Her 'he .commanded
this company to win .by peace, or force,
■ or-fraud, as best-'they might, but that
without her not one.-of them- should
dare to look upon his fa-ec again. And
with these'he sent the. two Prankish
' spie.s, who 'knew the place where the
lady.'lived, 'one qf- .whom; the false
• knight, was a skilled mariner and the
.captain o.f the-ship.
.These things did Yusuf Saiah-ed-din,
and. waited patiently till ■it should
please' to accomplish the vision
with which God had filled his soul in
. sleep:
CHAPTER I.
'*' - *
By .the Watevs of Deatii Creek. »
From the seawall on the coast of
Essex Rosamund looked out across the
ocean eastward. - To right and left, but
. a'little .behind her, like guards attend
ing 'the person of their sovereign, stood
her the twin brethren, God
wih and Wulf r tall and shapely men.
Godwin was still as a statue, his hahds
folded over the hilt of the long scab
barded sword, of which the point was
. set on-the ground before him, but Wiilf,
• his brother, moved restlessly, and' at
length yawned aloud. They were beau
tiful to look at, all three of them, as
. they appeared in the splendor of their
youth and health. The imperial Rosa
'.mund, dark haired and eyed, ivory
skinned and slender waisted, a posy of
marsh' Mawers in her hand; the pale,
• stately Godwin, with his dreaming
face; and the bold-fronted warrior.
Wulf, Saxon to his imger tips, notwith
standing his father's Norman blood.
At the-sound of that'unstifled yawn
Rosamund turned her head with the
.slaw, grace. -which . marked her every
movement.' • ' •
• , i'Would you sieep already, Wulf. and
the sun-not.yet down?" she asked In
her rich, low voice,,' which, perhaps be
. cause, of its ■ foreign accent, seemed
quite different" to that of -any other
: woman. '..'•'.'
"I think so, Rosamund," he answer
■ cd." "It would' serve to pass the time,
and now that, you have finished gath'
; ering those yellow flowers which wv.
rode so far to seek, the time—is some
what lons."
"Shame on you, Wulf," she said,
•smiling. "Look upon yonder sea and
sky, at that sheet of bloom all gold and
. purple—"
T have looked for hard .on. half an
hour, cousin Rosamund; also at your
back, and at .Godwin's left arm and
side face; till in truth I thought my
self kneeling in Stangate Priory star
ing at my father's effigy upon his tomb,
while Prior John pattered the mass.
Why, If you stood' it on its feet, it is
Godwin, the same crossed hands rest
jng on the sword, the same cold, silent
face staring at,the sky."
"Godwin as Godwin will no doubt
one day be, or sq he hopes—that., is, if
•the saints give him grace to do such
deeds as did our sire," Interrupted his
brother. ;
Wulf looked at him and a curious
flash of inspiration shone in hia blue
•yes- •'..'.'
"No, I think" not," he answered: "the
deeds you may do, and greater,: but
surely you will lie wrapped not'in a
.shirt of mail,, but with a monk's cowl
:. at the last—unless a woman robjl you
of it and the quickest road to heaven.
Tell me now,- what are you thinking of,
you two—for I have been wondering in
my dull way, and am curious to leacn
how far I, stand from truth? Rosa
: mund, speak first. Nay, not all the
. truth—a maid's thoughts are her "own,
but just the cream of it, that which
rises to the top and can be skimmed."
-. sighed.
"I? I was thinking of ' the East,
where the sun shines ever and the
seas are blue as my girdle stones, and
men are fall of strange learning—'
"And women are men's slaves!" In
terrupted Wulf. "Still It Is natural that
you should think of the East-who have
that blood in 'your veins, and high
blood, if all tales be true. Say, Prin
cess"—and he bowed the "knee to her
with an affectation of mockery wjiich
could not hide his earnest reverence—
"say, Princess, my cousin, grand
daughter of Ayoub and niece of the
mighty monarch, Yusuf Salah-ed-din.
dd yOu wish to leave this pale land and
visit your dominions in Egypt and in
Syria?" . '
She listened, and at his words her
eyes seemed to take fire, the stately
form to erect itself, the breast to heave
and the thin nostrils to grow wider as
though, they scented some sweet, re
membered perfume. Indeed, at that
moment, standing there on the promon
tory above the seas, Rosamund looked
a very queen.
. Presently she answered him with an
other question.
"And how would they greet me
there, Wulf, who am a Norman d'Arcy
and a Christian maid?"
"The first they-would forgive you,
since that blood is none so ill either!
and for the second—why, faiths can be
changed." . . "
Then it was that Godwin spoke for
the first time.
• "Wulf." Wulf," he said sternly, "keep
watch upon your tongue, for there are
things that should not be said even
as a silly Jest. See you, I love my
cousin here better than aught else upon
the earth—"
"There, at least, we ; agree," broke in
Wulf. ~
"Better than aught else on the earth."
repeated Godwin: "but, by the • Holy
Blood and by St. Peter, at whose shrine
we stand, I would kill her by my own
band before her Hps kissed the book
of the false prophet."
"Or any. of his followers," muttered
Wulf to himself, but fortunately, per
haps, too low for either of his com
panions to hear. Aloud he said. "You
understand, Rosamund, you must be
careful, for Godwin ever keeps his
word, and that would be but a poor end
for so much birth and beauty and wis
dom."
"Oh, cease mockin.tr. Wulf," she an
swered, laying her baud lightly on the
tunic that hid his shirt of mall. "Cease
mocking and pray St. Chad, the build
er of this shrine, that no such dreadful
choice may ever be forced upon you.
or me, or your beloved brother—who,
indeed, In such a case would do right
to slay me."
"Well, if It were," answered Wulf,
and his fair face flushed as he spoke,
"I trust that we should know how to
meet It. After all. Is it so very hard
to choose between death and duty?"
'"I know not," she replied; "but oft
times sacrifice seems easy when seen
from far away; also, sometimes things
may be lost that are more prized than
life."
"What things? Do you mean place
or wealth, or—love?"
"Tell me," said Rosamund, changing
her tone, "what is that boat rowing
round th*» river's mouth? A while ago
it hung upon its oars as though those
within it watched us."
"Flsher-folk," answered Wulf care
lessly. "I saw their nets."
"Yes; but beneath them something
gleamed bright, like swords."
"Fish," said Wulf; "we are at peace
in Essex." Although Rosamund did
not look convinced, he went, on, "Now
for Godwin's thoughts—what were
they?"
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL",
"Brother, If know, of the
East also—the East and its holy wars."
i "Which have brought us no great
luck," answered Wulf, "seeing that our
sire was slain in them and naught of
i him came home again save his heart,
! which lies at Stangate yonder."
' "How better could he die," asked
1 Godwin, "than fighting for the Cross
' of Christ? Is not that death of his at
Harenc told of to this day? By our
Lady, I pray for one but half as glo-
r ious!"
'■ "Aye, he died well, he died well," said
J Wulf, his blue eyes flashing and his
' hand creeping to his sword hilt. "But,
• brother, there "is peace at Jerusalem,
; as in Essex."
"Peace? Yes; but soon there will be
war again. The monk Peter, he whom
we saw at Stangate last Sunday, and
who left Syria but six months gone—
[ told me that it was coming fast. Even
1 now the Sultan Saladin, sitting at Da
mascus, summons his hosts from far
■ and wide, while his priests preach bat
i tie among the tribes and barons of the
' East. And when it comes, my brother,
' shall we not be there to share it, as
were our grandfather, our father, out
s uncle, and so many of our kin? Shall
we rot here in this dull land, as by our
■ uncle's wish we have done these many
; years, yes, ever since we were home
i from the Scottish war, and count the
> kine and plow the fields like peasants,
while our peers are charging on the pa
gans, and the banners wave and the
blood runs red upon the holy sands of
; Palestine?"
Now it was Wulf's turn to take fire.
> "By gar Lady in Heaven, and our
! lady here:"—and he looked at Rosa
r mund, who was watching the pair of
» them with her quiet thoughtful eyes—
"go when you will,, brother, and I go
with you, and as our birth was one
birth, so, if it is decreed, let our death
be one death." And suddenly the hand*
that had been playing with the sword
hilt grlrped it fast, and tore the long,
lean blade from its scabbard and cast
it high Into the air, flashing in the sun
light, to catch it as it fell again, while
in a voice tfcrat caused the wild fowl to
rise in thunder from the Saltings be
neath Wulf shouted the old war cry
that had rung on so many a field—"A
D'Arcy! a D'Arcy! Meet D'Arcy, meet
Death!" Then he sheathed his sword
again and added in a shamed voice,
"Are we children that we fight where
no foe is? Still, brother, may we find
him soon!"
Godwin smiled grimly, but answered
nothing; only Rosamund said:
"So, my cousins, yor would be away,
perhaps to return no more, and that
would part us. But"—and her voice
broke somewhat—"such is the woman's
lot, since men like you ever love the
bare sword best of all, nor should I
think well of you were it otherwise.
Yet, cousins, I know not why"—and she
shivered a little—"it comes into my
heart that heaven often answers BUch
prayers swiftly. Oh, Wuli, .our sword
looked very red In the sunlight, but
now; I Baw that it looked very red in
the sunlight. lam afraid—of I know
not what. Well, we must be going, for
we have nine miles to ride, and the
dark ia not so far away. But first* my
cousins, come with me Into this holy
place, and let us pray St. Peter and
St. Chad to guaM us on our journey
home." , s
"Our journey?" said Wulf anxiously.
"What is there for you to fear in a
nine-mile ride along the shores of the
Blackwater?"
"I said our journey home, Wulf; and
home is not in the hall at Steeple, but
yonder," and she pointed to the quiet,
brooding sky.
"Well said," answered Godwin, "in
this ancient place, whence so many
have Journeyed home; all the Romans
who are dead, when It was their for
tress, and the Saxon who came after
them, and others without count."
Then they turned and entered the
old church—one of the first thai ever
was in Britain, rough-built of Roman
stone by the very'hands of Chad, the
Saxon saint, more than 500 years be
fore their day. Here they knelt a while
at the rude altar and prayed, each of
them in hls< or her own fashion, then
crossed themselves, and rose to seek
their horses, which were tied in the
shed hard by.
Now there were two roads, or rather
tracks, back to the Hall at Steeple
one a mile or so inland, that ran
through the village of Bradweil, and
the other, the shorter way, along the
edge of the Saltings to the narrow
water known as Death Creek, at the
head of which the traveler to Steeple
must strike inlapd, leaving the Priory
of Stangate on his right." It was this
latter path they choose, since at low
tide the going there is good for horses
—which, even in the summer, that of
the Inland track was not. Also they
wished to be at home by supper time,
lest the old knight. Sir Andrew D'Arcy.
the father of Rosamund and the uncle
of the orphan brethren, should grow
anxious, and perhaps, come out to seek
thbrn.
For the half of an hour or more they
rode along the edge' of the Saltings, for
the most part in silence, that was
broken only by the cry of curlew and
the lap of the turning tide. No human
being did they see, indeed, for this place
feotjatd.
was very desolate and unvlstted, save
now and again by fishermen, At length.
Just as the sun began to sink, they
approached the shore of Death Creek—
a sheet of udal water which ran a
njile or more Inland, growing ever nar
rower, but was here some 300 yards
in breadth. They were well mounted,
all three of them. Indeed, Koßamtind's
horse, a great gray, her father's gift to
her, was famous in that country-side
for its swiftness and power, also be
cause it was so docile that a child could
ride it; while those of the brethren
were heavy-built but well trained war
steeds, taught to stand when they were
left, and to charge when they were
urged, without fear of shouting men or
flashing steel.
Now the ground lay thus. Some sev
enty yards from the shore of the creek
&nd parallel to it a tongue of land,
covered with scrub and a few oaks, ran
down Into the Saltings, its point end
ing on their path, beyond which were
a awamp and a broad river. Between
this tongue and the shore of the creek
the track wended its way to the up
lands. It was an ancient track: indeed
the reason of its existence was that
here the Romans or some other long
dead hands had built a narrow mole
or quay of rough stone, forty or fifty
yards in length, out into the water of
the creek, doubtless to serve as a con
venience for fisher boats, which could
lie alongside of it even at low tide. This
mole bad been much destroyed by cen
turies of washing, so that the end of It
lay below water, although the land
ward part was still almost sound and
level.
doming over the little rise at the tip
of me wooded tongue, the quick eyes
of Wulf, who rode first—for here the
path along the border of the swamp
was so narrow that they must go In
single file—caught Bight of a large
empty boat moored to an iron ring Bet
in the wall of the mole.
"Your fishermen have landed, Rosa
mund," he said, "and doubtless gone up
to Bradwell."
"That Is strange," she added* anx
iously, "since here no fishermen ever
come." And she checked her horse as
though to turn.
"Whether they come or not, certainly
they have gone," said Godwin, craning
forward to look about him; "so, as we
have nothing to fear from an empty
boat, let us push on."
On they rode accordingly until they
came to the root of the stone quay or
pier, when a sound behind them caused
them to look back> Then they saw a
sight that gent the blood to their hearts,
for there behind them, leaping down
one by one on that narrow footway,
were men armed with naked swords,
six or eight of them, all of whom, they
noted, had strips of linen pierced with
eyelet holes tied beneath jh<?ir helms
or leather caps, so as to cfneeal their
faces. .1
"A snare! a snare!" cried Wulf,
drawing his sword. "Swiftt follow me
up the Bradwell path," he struck
the spurs into his horse. It bounded
forward, to be dragged next second
with all the weight of his powerful arm
almost to its haunches. "God's mer
cy!" he cried, "there are more of
them!" And more there wx-re, for an
other band of men arm 41 t and linen
hooded like the first, ha 4 h>aped down
to trv»t Bradwell path, ait<ong them* a
stout man, who seemed to. be unarmed,
except for a long crooked knife at his
girdle and a coat of ringed «uaU, which
showed through the opening of his loose
"To the boat," shouted Godwin,
whereat the sto'it man laughed—a
light, penetrating laugh, which even
then all three of them heard and noted.
Along the quay they rode, since there
was nowhere else that they could go,
with both paths, barred, and swamp
and water on one. side of them, and a
steep wooded bank upon the . other.
When they reached It, they found why
the man had laughed, for the boat was
made fast with a strong chain that
could not be cut; more, her sail -and
oars were gone.
"Get Into it," mocked a voice; "or, at
least, let the lady get in; it will save
us the trouble of carrying her there."
Now Rosamund turned very pale,
while the face of Wulf went red and
white, and he gripped his sword-hilt.
But Godwin, calm as ever, rode for
ward a few paces, and said quietly:
"Of your courtesy, say what you
need of us. If it be money, we have
none—nothing but our arms and horses,
which I think may cost you dear."
the man with the crooked knife
advanced a little, accompanied by an
other man, a tall, supple looking knave,
into whose ear he whispered.
"My master says," answered the tall
man, "that you have with you that
which is of more value than all the
king's gold—a very fair lady, of whom
some one has urgent need. Give her up
now, and go your way with your arms
and horses, for you are valiant men,
whose blood we do not wish to shed."
At this it was the turn of the breth
ren to Jaugh, which both of them did
together.
"Give her up," answered Godwin,
"and go our ways dishonored? Aye.
with our breath, but not before. Wh°
has then such urgent need of the Lady
Rosamund?" * p
Again there was whM#«ing between
the pair.
"My master says," was th«s answer,
"he thinks that all who see l«r will
have need for her. slace such loveli-i
ness is rare. But if you wish n name,
well, one comes into his mir t d. the
name of the Knight Loselle!"
"The Knight Lozelle!" mu-mured
Rosamund, turning even paler than
before, as well pli? might. For this
Loxelle was a powerful man and
Essex-born. He owned ships of whoa*
doings upon the seas and in the East
evil were told, and once had
sought Rosamund's hand in marriage
but being rejected, uttered threats for
which Godwin, as the elder of tht
twins, had fought and wounded him
Then he vanished —none knew where
"Is Sir Hugh Lozelle here-then?'
asked Godwin, "masked like you com
mon cowards? If so, I desire to meet
him, to finish the work I began in the
snow last Christma* twelvemonths."
"Find that out if you can," an
swered the tall man. But Wu.f said,
speaking low between his clenched
teeth:
"Brother, I see but one chance. We
must phve Rosamund between us and
charge them."
The caataln of the band seemed to
read their thoughts, for again he
whispered into the ear of his com
panion, vho again called out:
"My master says that If you try to
charge you will be fools, since w«
shall stab and hamstring your horse?
yhich are too good to waste, and tak J
you quite easily as you fall. Com* 1
then, yield as you can do withoi
shame, seeing that there is no esoap*"
and that two men, however brave,
cannot stand against a crowd. Hf
gives you one minute to surrender."
Now Rosamund spoke for the first
time.
"My cousins," she said. "I pray you
not to let me fall living into the hands
©f Sir Hugh Lozelle or of yonder men."i — . i
, be taken to what fate I know not.
ill a*e. then, and strive to cut your*.',
ay ti ,r °ufsh and live to avenge me."
The) brethren made no answer, only 1
uey IfOked at<he water and then at
c another, and nodded. -It was'
• >dwiji who spoke again, for.now that
i had come to this struggle for -life
; d their lady's honor. Wulf. .whose
t igue was commonly so ready, had
g »wn strangely silent, aril fierce- .
f. Ed a*»o-
Listen, Rosamund, and do not turn
> if eyes," said Godwin. "There is
ij one chance for yuu. ana*, poor as
it s, vo.u must choose between' it and
ca lure, since we. cannot-.kill yot}.-
Tl • gray horse you ride is strong and
• r "furii him now and ?r>ur into,
tli water of Death Creek and swim,
ii. It if broad, but the incoming titl*
wil helj> you, and perchance you will'"
no dro>vn." . . • ;
i osantund listened and moved her
h*\ .! backward toward the boat. Then
\Vi if gp<»kc=—few vords and-sharp: •'
• Jegoi»e. girl.' we guard the boat.".
S c heard, and nor dark eyes filled
wit leafs, and her stately head sank
for i moment almost to the horse's
ma o. • ' ' ■
"oh, mf knights: my knights! And.
would you die for me. We'll, if God
wills it, jso it must be. Rut this' I
swei r, that if you die. $,Hat no man'
shfil b? hught to :ne who have- your
rne:i: if you live " And she
look* 1 i yat them confusedly, • then
stopi --d. . :
"Blo«e tis. ami begone," said God
win., • •
Soj she blessed them in- words low
and holy: then of a sudden wheeled
lour-fl the great, gray horse, and strik
ing] the spur Into its' flank, drove
siralight a*, the deer> -water. A mo
ment the Stallion hung, then from the',
quay-head sprang out wide and clear,
Deeto it sank, but not for long,, tor
presently its rider's head rose above
the * water, and regaining the saddle;,
frorti which she had floated. Rosamund
sat firm and headed it straight for the
distant bank Now a shout-of wonder
ment went up from the woman thieves,
for this was a deed that they had- new
er dreamed a girl would dare. Rut the
1 rethren laughed as they saw that •
the horse swam' well, and', leaping
from their saddles, ran forward a feyv
paces—eight or t-en—along the mole to
where It was narrowest, as they weiu.
tearing the cloaks from their should-"
ers, and since they had none, throw
ing them over their feft. arms to serve
as bucklers. The band cursed sullenly,
enly their captain gave an order to his
spokesman, who cried out: ••
"Cut them down, and .to the boat!
We shall take her before she reaches
shore or drowns."
For a moment they wavered, for the
tall twin warriors who barred the way
had eyes that told of wounds and
d-ath. Then with a rush they came,
scrambling over the rough stones.; but
here the cause >vay was-so narrow that
■while their strength lasted, two men
were as good as twenty, nor, because
of the riud and water, could they be
got at from either side. So after all it
was but two to two, and the brethren
v ere the better two. Their long swords
flashed and smote, and then Wulf's
was llftel again, once more it was red
as it had been when he tossed It .high
in,the sunlight, and a man fell with a
heavy silash into the waters of the
. reek, aril wallowed there till he died.
Godwin's foe was down also, and, as
It seemed sped.
Then, a a muttered word, not wait
ing to be attacked by others, the breth
ren sprang forward. The huddled mob;
in front < l them saw them come, and
shrank ba k, but before they had gone
a yard th swords were at work be
hind. They swore strange oaths, they
< aught ti.eir feet among the rocks,'
and rolled upon their faces- In thefr
confusion rhree-of them were pushed
into the wdter. where two sank In the
mud and were drowned, the third only
dragged hinstif ashore, while the rest
made good !heir escape from the cause
way. But iwtt had been cut down, and
three had lallpn. for whom there was
ii" escape. They strove to .rise and
fifcht. but tae linen masks flapped about
their eyes, so that their blows went
wide, while the long swords of the
brothers sin ite and smote again upon
their helms and harness as the ham
mers of sm ths smite upon, an anvil,'
until they rdled over silent and stir
less.
"Back!" srid Godwin, "for here the
road is wide and they will get behind
us."
So back they moved slowly, with
their faces to the foe, stepping Just
in front of the first man whom Godwin .
had seemed to kill, and who lay :'u'e
upwards and with arms outstretched.
"So far w< have done well," said
Wulf, with a short laugh. "Are you
hurt?"
"Nay." answered his brother, "but ■
boast not till the battle is over, for
many are left and they will come on
thus no more. Pray God they have no
spears or bows."
Then he turned and looked behind
him, and there, far from the shore
now, swam the gray' horse steadily,
and there upon its back sat Rosamund
Y<_-s, and she had seen, since, the horsa
must swim somewhat sideways with
the tide, for hok, she took the ker
chief from her throat and waved It to
them. Then the brethren knew thdt
:-h" was proud of their great deeds,
and thanked their saints that they
had lived to do even so much as this
for her dear sake.
Goodwin was right. Although their
leader command-d them in a stern
voice, the band Sank from the reach .of
those awful swords, and, instead,
sought for stonet to hurl at them. But
here was more n.ud than" pebbles, and
the pucks of which the causeway was
built were too heavy for them to lift,
so that they fo:nd but few, which
when thrown eßher missed the breth
ren or did but- little" hurt. Now\ after
some while, the man called "master"
spoke through his lieutenant, and cer
tain of them ran Into the thorn thicket,
and thence appear- d again bearing the
long oars of the b>at.
"Their counsel i. to batter us down
with the oats. Whst shall we do now,
brother?" asked Godwin..
"What we tan," answered Wulf- "It
matters littie if Rosamund is spared
by the waters, for they will scarcely
take her now, who must io-ise the boat
and man it after we are dead."
As he spoke Wulf hear a a sound
behind him, and of a sudden Godwin
threw up his hands and sank to his
knees. Round tie fprang. and there
upon his feet stood that man whom
they had thought dead, and in his
hand a bloody sword. At him leaped
Wulf, and so fierce v.ere the blows he
smote that the first swept through his
sword arm and th< second shore
through cloak and mall deep into the
thief's side; so that :his time he fell,
never to stir again. Then he looker! at
his brother and saw that the blood
van running down hi face and blind
ing him.
"Save yourself, Wulf, for 'I am
sped," murmured "iodwln. •
"Nay, or you could not speak." And
be cast his arm round him and kissed
hfiK on the brow.
Then a thought came Into his mind,
and lifting Godwin as though he were
a child, he ran back to where the
i horses stood and heaved him Into the
saddle.
"Hold fast!" he cried, "by mane and
pommel. Keep your mind and hold
fast and I will save you yet."
Then, passing the reins over his left
arm. Wulf leaped upon the back of
his own horse and turned it. Ten sec
onds more and the pirates, whf were
gathering With the oars wheJe the
paths Joined at the root of the cause
way, saw the two great horses thun
dering down upon them, on one a sore
wounded man. his bright hilr dabbled
with blood, hia hands gripping mane
and saddle, and on the other the war
1 . ;
rior,- Wulf, with starting eyes and a
. face-like the .face 'of a flame, shak
ing his red sword, and for the second
• tune that <iay shouting aloud: "A
D'Arcy! a D'Arcy!" Contce. D'Arcy,
Centre Mort!" *•.•'.
They saw, they shouted, they
massed themselves together arid held
up the' oars to. meet them. 'But Wulf.
spurred fiercely, and-, short as was the
• way, the hsavy horses, trained to tur
ney. gathered their, speed. .Now they
wore on them and the oafs were swept
aside like, reeds and all round them
flashed the swords, rind "VVulf ■ felt
that he. was hurt, he knew not, where.
But his sword "flashed also, one blow-;—
thei'e was no time for more—yet the .
man beneath it sank like an empty
sack.
'By. St. poier! They, were through,
and Godwin still swayed ; Upon the
saddle,- and- yonder,'nearing the'fur
ther shore* the gray horse with its bur
den still battled in the tide. They
wero through! they were • through!
while to Wulf3 eyes- the atr swam red
and the earth seemed as- though it
rose up to meet them and everywhere
• wns-flaming red: ••'
• ,But the shouts had died .away behind
; them, and the only sound was the
sottnd. of the galloping of their horses*
hoofs'.. Then that also grew' faint and
died away, and silence and darkness
felt'vpon'the mind of Wulf.
C'HAITKR . If.
Sir Andrew D'Arcy.
, God win dreamed ; that he was dead
aiid that beneath him floated {he world,
a- glowing ball, while he was borne'to
and fro through the blackness stretched
upon' a. coych of ebony. There were
bright watchers by his* couch also,
watchers twain, end he knew them for
bin guardian angels,.given him at birth.
Moreover., now • and again presences
would come and ask questions of the
watchers who sat at his head and foot.
One asked:. '.
"Has this soul:sinned?" and the an
gel at his head answered: /
"It has sinned."
Again the voice asked: • "Did it die
• shriven of its sins?"
.The angel answered: "It died un
shriveo, red sword-. aloft, fighting a
good light." • •
"Fighting for the cross of Christ?"
.."Nay:, fighting for a woman."
' Alas! poor soul, sinful and unshriyen,
who died -fighting for a woman's love.
Htrw shall such, a one find mercy?"
wailed the: questioning voice, growing
ever fainter, till it was lost far, far
away.
Now came another visitor.. It was
his father—the warrior sire whom he
had never seen, who fell in Syria. He
knew him we'll,' for the face was the
face carven on the tomb in Stangate
church and he wore the blood-red cross
upon, his mail and the D'Arcy death's
hand was on his shield and in his hand
shone a naked sword.
"Is-'this the soul of my son?" he ask
ed of the white-robed watchers. "And
how died he?"
Then the angel at his foot answered:
"He died, red sword, aloft, fighting a
good fight."
"Fighting for the cross of Christ:
"-Nay; fighting for a woman."
"Fighting for a" woman's love who
should have, fallen in the holy war?
Alas! poor son; alas! poor son! Alas!
that We must part again forever!" And
his voice, too, -passed away.
Lo! a glory • advanced through the
blackness and the angels at head and
foot stood up and saluted with their
filming spears.
• "How died this child of God?" asked
a voice., speaking put", of the .glory, a
low' arid awful voice.
"Be" died by the.swo.rd," answered
the angel.
"By the- sword of the children of th?
enemy, fighting in the war of hea
ven?"
And the angels were silent.
"What has heaven, to do .with him,
if he fought not for-heaven?" asked the
voice again.
"Let him be spared," .pleaded {he
guardians, "Who" was young and brave
and knew not. Send, him back to ear,th,
there to retrieve his sins and be out
charge once more."
"So be it," said th° voice. "Knight,
live on, but live.as a knight of heaven
if thou wouldst wfn heaven."
: "Mdst he then put the' woman from
him?" asked the angel's,
•'lt-was not said." answered the voice
speaking from the glory. And all the
wild vision vanished.
Then a space of oblivion, and God
win.awoke to hear other voices around
• him, voices human, well-beloved, re
membered; and to see a face bending
over - him—a face most human, most
well-beloved, most, remembered—that
of his-cousin, the iiady Rosamund. He
babbled some questions, but they
"brought .him food,, and told him to
sleep, so he' slept. Thus it went on,
waking and slc-p, sleep and waking,
until at length one morning he woke
up truly in the little mom that opened
out "of the solar or sitting place of the
Hail of Steeple, where he and Wulf
had slept since their uncle took them
to-his home as infants. More, on the
trestle bed opposite to him. his legs
and arm bandaged, and. a crutch by
his side, sat Wulf himself. Somewhat
paler and thinner than "of yore, but the
fame- jovial," careless, yet at times
fierce-faced Wulf.
"Do I still dreaKv, my brother, or is
it you indeed?"
A happy smile spread upon the face
of Wulf, lor now he knew, that Godwin,
was himself again.
. "Me sure' enough," he • answered.
"Dream folks, don't have lame legs;
they are the gifts of swords and men."
"And Rosamund? What of Rosa
mund? Did the gray horse swim the
creek, and how came we here? Tell
me quick—l faint for news."
"Herself shall tell you." And hob
bling to the curtained door, he called.
"Rosamund . my—my, our—Lady
Rosamund, Godwin is himself again.
Hear you, Godwin is himself again, and
would speak with you!"
There was a swift rustle of robes and
a sound of quick feet among the rushes
that strewed the floor, and then—Rosa
mund herself, lovely as ever, but all
her statellness forgot in Joy. She sa.v
how the gaunt Godwin sitting up upon
the pallet, his gray eyes shining in the
white and sunken face. For Godwin's
eyes were gray, while Wulf's were blue,
which was the only difference between
them whereof a stranger would take
note. aPhough in truth Wulf's lips
were fuller than Godwin's, and his chin
more marked: also he was a larger
man. She saw him, and with a little
cry of delight ran and cast her arms
about him, and kissed him on the
brow.
"Be careful," said Wulf roughly,
turning his head aside, "or, Rosa
mund, you will loose the bandages, and
bring his trouble back again; he has
h?d enough of blood-letting."
"Then I will kiss him on the hand—
the hand that saved me," .she said, and
<Jid so. More, she pressed that poor,
l>ale hand against her heart.
"Mine had something to do with
that business also, but I don't remem
ber that yo» kissed It, Rosamund.
Well, I will kiss him too, and oh! God
be praised, and the holy Virgin, and
the holy Peter, and the holy Chad,
and all the other holy dead folk whose
names I can't recall, who between
them, with the help of Rosamund
her,?, and the prayers of the Prior
John and brethren at Stangate, and
of Matthew, the village priest, have
given you oack to us, my brother, my
most beloved brother." And he
hopped to the beside, and threw his
iong, sinewy arms about Godwin and
embraced him again and again.
"Be careful," said Rosamund, dri
ly, "or, Wulf, you will disturb the
bandages, and he has had enough of
blood-letting."
Then before he could answer, which
he seemed minded to do, there came
the sound of a slow step, and swing
ing the curtain aside, a tall and noble
looking knight entered the little place.
The man was old, but looked older
than he was, for sorrow and sickness
had wasted him. His snow-white hair
hung upon his shoulders, his face was
pale, and his features were pinched
but finely chiseled, and notwithstand
ing the- difference of their years, won
derfully like to those-of the daughter
Rosamund. For* this, was her father,
the famous Lord.. Sir' Andrew D'Arcy.
Rosamund -turned' and bent the knee
to him with a strange and Eastern
grace, while Wulf bo\ved : his head, and
Godwin, since his nock was too stiff
to stir.. held up-his hand in greeting.
'.The old man looked at . him, . and
.there' was pride in his eye.
... "So you .will live after all, my
nephew," he said, "and for that I
thank the Giver of life and death,
since 'fore God you are a gallant man
—a worthy child of the bloods of the
Norman D'Arcy and of Uluin the
Saxon. Yes, one of the best of them."
"Speak not so. my uncle," said
Godwin; "or at least, here is a worth
ier." and he patted the hand of Wulf
with his lean fingers. "Wulf it was
who bore me through. Oh, I remem
ber as much as that—how he lifted
me onto the black horse and bade me
to cling fast to mane and pommel.
Aye", and I remember the
his cry of 'Contre D'Arcy, contre
Mort!" and the flashing of swords
about us, and after that —nothing."
"Would that I had been there to
share that fight." said the Lord D'Arcy,
tossing his white hair. "Oh, my chil
dren, it is hard to be sick and old and
to feel that never again may the an
cient cry pass mv lips, and never
again shall I lift brand in battle. A
log am I—nothing but a rotten log.
Still, had .1 known, had I only
known "
"Father, father," said Rosamund,
casting her white arm about his neck.
"You should not speak thus. You have
done your share."
"Yes, my share; but I should like to
do more. Oh, St. Andrew, grant it to
me to die with my sword aloft and my
grandsire's cry upon mv Hps. Yes,
yes; thus, not like a worn-out war
horse In his stall. There, pardon me;
but In truth, my children, I am jeal
ous of you. Why, when I found you ly
ing in each other's arms I could have
wept for rage to think that such a fray
had been within a league of my own i
doors and I not in It."
"I know nothing of all that story,"
said Godwin. •
"No, in truth, how can you, who have :
been senseless this month or more?
But Rosamund knows, and she shall :
tell it you. Speak on, Rosamund. Lay
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
you back, Godwin, and listen."
"The tale is yours, my cousins, and
not mine," said Rosamund. "You bade
me take the water, and into it I
spurred the gray horse, and we sank
deep, so that the waves closed above
my head. Then up We came, I floating
from the saddle, but I regained it, and
the horse answered to my voice and
bridle, and swam out for the farther
shore. On It swam, somewhat slant
wise with the tide, so that by turning
my head .1 could see all that passed
upon the mole. I saw them come at
you, and men fall before your swords;
I saw you charge them, and run back
again, and, lastly,- after what seemed a
very long while, and I was far away,
Z saw Wulf lift Godwin into the sad
dle—l knew It jriust be Godwin, be
cause he set him ou the black horse—
and the pair of you galloped down the
quay and vanished. By then X was not
a hundred yards from the home shore,
and the gray grew very weary and
sank deep in the water. But I cheered
it on with my voice, and although
twice its head went beneath the waves,
in the end it found a footing, though
a soft one. After resting awhile, it
plunged forward with short rushes
through the mud, and so at length
came safe to land, where it stood
shaking with fear and weariness. So
soon as the horse got its breath again
I pressed forward, and came home here
as the dark closed in, to meet your un
cle watching for me at the gate—and
now, father, do you take up the tale."
"There is little more to tell," said Sir>
Andrew. "You will remember, nephew»,
that I was against this ride of Rosa
mund's to seek flowers, or I know not
what, at St. Peter's shrine, nine miles
away, but as the maid had set her
heart on it and there are but few
pleasures here, why. I let her go with
the pair of ycu for escort. You will
mind also that you were starting with
out your mail, and how foolish you
thought me when I called you back
and made you gird it on. Well, my
patron saint—or yours—put it into my
head to do so. for had it not been for
those same shirts of mall you were
both of you dead men to-day. But that
morning I had been thinking of Sir
Hugh Lozelle—if such a false pirate
rogue can be called a knight, not but
that he is stout and brave enough—and
his threats after he recovered from the
wound you gave him, Godwin, how
that he would come back and take
your cousin for all we could do to stay
him. True, we have heard that he had
sailed for the East to war against Sala
din—or with him, for he was ever a
traitor —but even if this were so, men
return from the East. Therefore I bade
you arm, having some foresight of what
was to come, for doubtless this on
slaught must have been planned by
him."
"I think so." said Wulf, "for, as
Rosamund here knows, the tall knave
who interpreted for the foreigner whom
he called his master gave us the name
of the Knight Lozelle as the man who
sought to carry her off."
"Was this master a Saracen?" asked
Sir Andrew anxiously.
"Nay, uncle, how can I tell, seeing
that his face was masked like the reßt
and he spoke through an interpreter?
But I pray you go on with the story,
which Godwin has not heard."
"It is short. When Rosamund told
her tale, whereof I could make little—
for the girl was crazed with grief and
cold and fear—save that you had been
attacked upon the old quay, and she
had escaped by swimming Death
Creek, whieft seemed a thins Incredi
ble. I got together what , men I could.
Then, bidding; her stay behind and
nurse herself, which she was loth to
do, I set out to find you or your bodies.
It was dark, but we rode hard, having
lanterns with us, as we went rousing
men at every stead, until we came to
where the roads Join at Moats. There
we found a black horse —your horse,
Godwin—so sorely wounded that he
could travel no farther, and I groaned,
thinking that you were dead. Still we
went on, till we heard another horse
whinny, and presently found the roan,
also riderless, standing by the path
side with his head down.
" 'A mat. on the ground holds him!'
cried one, and I sprang from the sad
dle to see wl o it might be, to find that
v it was you, the pair of you, locked In
each other's arms, and senseless, if not
dead, as well you might be from your
wounds. I bade the country folk cover
you up and carry you homo, and others
to run to Stangate and pray the prior
and the monk Stephen, who is a leech,
come with speed to tend you, while we
pressed onward to take vengeance if
we might. We reached the quay upon
the creek, but there we found nothing
save ' some blood stains and —this is
strange—your sword, Godwin, the hilt
set between two stones, and on the
point a writing."
"What was the writing?" asked God
win.
"Here it is." answered the uncle,
drawing a piece of parchment from his
robe. Read it, one of you, since all of
you are scholars and my eyes are bad."
Rosamund took it and read what was
written hurriedly, but in a clerkly
hand, and in the French tongue. It ran
thus: "The sword of a brave man.
Bury it with htm if he be dead, and
give it back to him if he lives,as I
hope. My master would wish me to do
this honor to a gallant foe, whom in
that case he still may meet. (Signed)
Hugh Lozelle, or Another.""
"Another, then; not Hugh Lozelle,"
said Godwin, "since be cannot write.
and if he-could, would never pen words
so knightly." *
"The. words may be knightly, but the
writer's. deeds were base enough," re
plied Sir Andrew; "nor, of a truth, do
I understand this scroll."
"The. interpreter spoke of the short
man as his master," suggested Wulf.
"Aye,"nephew; but him you met. This
writing speaks of a master whom God
win may meet, and who would wish the
writer to pay him a certain honor."
"Perhaps he wrote thus to blind us."
"Perchance, perchance. The matter
puzzles me. Moreover, of whom these
men were I have been able to learn
nothing. A boat was seen passing
toward Bradwell—indeed. It seems that
you saw It, and that night a boat was
seen sailing southward down St Pet
er's sands toward a ship that had an
chored off Foulness Point. But what
that *shlp was, whence she came and
whither she went, none knew, though
the..tidings of this fray have made
some stir."
"Well." said Wulf. "at the least we
haw seen the last of her crew-of
women-thieves. Had they meant more
mischief they would have shown them
selves agsin here now."
Sir. Andrew, looked grave at he an
swered.
"So . I trust, hut all the tale Is very
strange. How came It that they knew
that you and Rosamund were rldtag
that day to st.-Peter*s.en-the-Wall and
so were able to waylay you? Surely
some spy must have warned them,
since that they w«re no common pi
rates is evident, for they spoke of Lo
zelle and bade you two begone un
harmed, as It was Rosamund whom
they needed. Also, there Is the matter
of the sword that fell from the hand
a( Godwin when he was hurt, which
was returned In so strange a fashion.
I have known many such deeds of
chivalry done In the East by Paynlm
men—" t
"Well, Rosamund Is half an East
ern," broke In Wulf carelessly; "and
perhaps'that had something to do with
it all.".
Sir Andrew started and the color rose
to his pale face. Then In a tone in
which he showed he wished to speai; no
more of this matter, he said:
"Enough, enough. Godwin Is very
weak and grows weary and before Z
leave htm I have a word to say that
it may please you both to hear. Young
men. you" are of my blood, the nearest
to it save this maid—the sons of that
noble knight, my brother. I have ever
loved you well and been proud of you,
hut If this was so In the past. how
much more Is It thus to-day when you
have done such high service to my
house? Moreover, that deed was brave
and great: nothing more knightly has
been told of In Essex this many a year
and those who wrought It should no
longer be simple gentlemen, but very
knights. This boon it Is in my power
to grant to you according to the an
cient custom. Still, that none may
question it. while you lay sick, but
after it was believed that • Godwin
would live, which at first we scarcely
dared to hope, I journeyed to London
and sought audience of our Uege the
King. Having told him this tale, I
prayed him that he would be pleased
to tyrant me his command In writing
that I should name you knights. My
nephews, he was so- pleased, and here
I have the brief sealed with the royal
signet, commanding that in his name
and my own I should give you the ac
colade publicly In the church of the
priory at Stangate at such season as
may be convenient. Therefore, God
win, the squire, haste you to get well,
that you may. become Sir Godwin, the
knight; for you. Wulf. save for the -
hurt to your lei*, are already well
enough."
Now Godwin's white face went red
with pride, and Wulf dropped his bold
eyes and looked modest as a girl.
"Speak you," he said to his broth
er, "for my tongue Is blunt and awk
ward."
"Sir." said Godwin in a weak voice,
"we know not how to thank you for so
great an honor, that we never thought
to win till we had done more famous
deeds than the beating off of a band
of robbers. Sir. we have no more to
say, save that while we live we will
strive to be worthy of our name and
ofyyou."
"Welt said." said his uncle, adding
as though speaking to himself, "this
man Is courtly as he Is brave."
Wulf looked up. a flash of merriment
upon his open face.
"I, my uncle, whose speech H, I fear
me, not courtly, thank you also. I
will add that I think our lady cousin
here should be knighted too. If such a
thing were possible for a woman, see
ing that to swim a horse across Death
Creek was a greater deed than to fight
some rascals on Its quay."
"Rosamund?" answered the old man
in the same dreamy voice. "Her rank Is
high enough—too high, too high for.
safety." And turning, he left the little
chamber.
"Well, cousin," said Wulf, "if you
cannot be a knight, at least you can
lessen all this dangerous rank of yours
by becoming a knight's wife." Where
at Rosamund looked at him with in
dignation which struggled with a Smile
in her dark eyes, and murmuring that
she would see to the making of God
win's broth, followed her father from
the place.
"It would have been kinder had she
told us that she was glad," said Wulf
when she was gone
"Perhaps she • would," answered his
brother, "had it not been for your
rough jests, Wulf. which might have a
meaning in them."
"Nay, I had no meaning. Why should
she not become a knight's wife?"
"Aye, but what knight's? Would It
please either of us, brother, if, as may
well hap, he should chance to be some
stranger?"
Now Wulf swore a great oath, then
flushed to the roots of his fair hair,
and was silent.
"Ah!" said Godwin; "you do not
think before you speak, which it is al
ways well to do."
"She swore upon the quay yonder,"
broke in Wulf.
"Never speak of what she swore.
Words uttered in such an hour should
not be remembered against a maid."
"God's truth, brother, you are right,
as ever! My tongue runs away with
me, bat still I can't forget those words,
though which of us—"
"Wulf!"
"I mean to say that we are in For
tune's path to-day, Godwin. Oh. that
was a lucky ride! Such fighting as I
have never seen or dreamed of. And
we won it, too! And now both of us
are alive, and a knighthood for each!"
"Yes, both of us alive, thanks to
you, Wulf—nay. It is so, though you
would never have done less. But as
for Fortune's path. It is one that has
many rough turns, and perhaps before
all is done she. may lead us down some
of them."
"You talk like a priest, not like a
squire who is to be knighted at the cost
of a scar on his head. For my part
I will kiss Fortune while I may, and
if she Jilts me afterward " N
"Wulf." called Rosamund from With
out the curtain, "cease talking of kiss
ing at the top of your voice. I pray
you, and leave Godwin to sleep, for he
needs it." And she entered the little
chamber, bearing a bowl of broth In
her hand.
Thereon, saying that ladies should
not listen to what did not concern
them, Wulf seised his crutch and hob
bled from the place.
CHAPTER in.
The Knighting of the Brethren.
Another month had gone by, and
though Godwin was still somewhat
weak and suffered from headache at
times, the brethren had recovered
from their wounds. On the last day
of November, about 2 o'clock in the
afternoon, a great procession might
have been seen wending- its way from
the old hall at Steeple. In it were
many knights fully armed, before
whom were borne their banners. These
went first. Then came , old Sir An
drew D'Arcy. also fully armed, at
tended by squires and retainers. He
was accompanied by his lovely daugh
ter, the Lady Rosamund, clad in
beautiful apparel under her cloak of
fur, who rode upon his right hand on
that same horse that had swam Death
Creek. Next appeared the brethren,
modestly arrayed as simple gentle
men, followed each of them by his
squire, scions of the noble houses of
Salcote and of Dengie. After them
rode yet more knights, squires, ten
ants of various degrees, servants, and,
lastly, a great number of peasantry
and vileins, who walked and ran with
their women folk and children.
Following 'he road through the vil
lage, the procession turned to the left
at the great arch which marked the
boundary of the monks lands, and
headed for Stangate Abbey, some two
miles away, by the path that ran be
tween the arable land and the SaU
marshes, which are flooded at high
tide. At length they came to the
stone sate of the abbey, that gave the
place its name of Stangate Here
they were met by a company of the
Clunlac monks, who dwelt In this wild
and lonely place upon the water's
edge, headed by their prior. John a
descendant of the founder. Radulf
Fttx Brien. He was a venerable
white-haired man. clad in his wide
sleeved black robe, and preceded by a
priest carrying a silver cross. Now
the procession separated. Godwin and
Wolf, with certain of the knights and
their esquires, being led to the Priory,
white the main body of it entered tho
church, or stood about outside ts
door.
Arrived in the house, the two knights
elect were taken to a room wherr
their hair was cut and their chins were
shaved by a barber who awaited them
Then, under the guidance of two old
knights named Sir Anthony de Mande
vllle and Sir Roger de Merc!, they
were conducted to baths surrounded by
rich cloths. Into these, having been
undressed by the squires, they entered
and bathed themselves, while sir An
thony and. Sir Roger spoke to them
through the cloths of the high duties
of their vocation., ending by pour ink*
water over them, and signing their
bodies with the sign of the Cross, Next
they were dressed again, and preceded
by minstrels. led to the church, at tho
porch of which they and their suutres
were given wine to drink.
Here, in the presence of all the com
pany, they were clothed first in white
tunics, to signify the whiteness of their
hearts; next In red robes, symbolical
of the blood they might be called upon
to shed for Christ; and lastly. In long
black cloaks, emblems of the death that,
must be endured by all. This done,
their armor was brought and piled he
fore them upon the steps of the altar,
and the congregation departed. home
ward, leaving them with their esquires
and the priest to spend the long win*
ter. night "in orisons and Dravera."
Long. Indeed, it was. in that lone
some, holy place, lit only by a lamp
Which' swung before the altar. Wulf
praye* and prayed until he could pray
no more, then fell into a half dreamful
state that was haunted by the fare of
Rosamund, where even hir face should
have been forgotten. Godwin, his el*
bow resting against the tomb that hid
Ms father's heart, prayed also, until
even his earnestness was outworn, and
he began to wonder about many thlnga.
That dream of his, for Instance, in his
sickness, when he had seemed to be
dead, and what might be the true duty
of man. To be brave and UDrisrht?
Surely. To fight for the Cross of Christ
against the Saracen? Surely. If the
chance came his way. What mor<«* Tv
abandon the world and to spent' hi*
life muttering prayers like those nnests
in the darkness behtnd htm? Could 'hat
be needful or of service to God or man? >
To man. perhaps, because such folk
tended the sick and fed the poor. But
to God? Was be not sent Into the world
to bear his part in the world—to live
his full life* This would mean a half-
Ufe—one into which no woman could
enter, to which ,no child might be add
ed, since to monks and even to certain
brotherhoods, all these things, which
Nature decreed and Heaven had sanc
tified, were deadly sin.
It would mean, for instance, that
he must think no more of Rosamund.
Could he do this for the sake of the
welfare of his soul in some future
state? Why, at the thought of it, %
even there and then, in the solemn
place and hour of dedication, his
spirit reeled, for then and there for
the first time it was borne in upon
him that he loved this woman more
than all the world beside—more than
his life, more, perhaps, than his soul.
He loved her with all his pure, young
heart—so much that it would be a joy
for him to die for her, not only in the
heat of battle, as lately had almost
chanced on the Death Creek quay, but
in cold blood of set purpose if there
were need. He loved her with body
and with spirit, and, after God, here
to her he consecrated his body and ,
his spirit. Rut what value would she
put upon the gift? What if some
other man?
By his side, his elbows resting on
the altar rails, his eyes fixed upon the
beaming armor that he would wear
in battle, knelt Wulf, his brother—
a mighty man, a knight of knights,
fearless, noble, open-hearted; such a
one as any woman might well love.
And he also loved Rosamund. Of this
he was sure. And, oh! did not Rosa
mund love him? Bitter jealousy
seized upon Godwin's vitals. Yes; even
then and there black envy got a hold
of him and rent him so sore that, cold
as was the place, the sweat poured
from his brow and body.
"Oh, God," he moaned in his poor
heart, "give, me strength to fight
against this sinful passion that would
lead me to hate the brother whom I
love. O God, give me strength to bear
it If he should be preferred before
me. Make me a perfect knight—•
strong to suffer and endure, and, If
need be, to rejoice even in the Joy of
my supplanter."
Should be abandon hope? Should
he fly the battle for fear he might be i
defeated? Nay; he would fight on in 4
all honesty and honor, and If he were m
overcome would meet his fate as a
brave knight ought—without bitter-ffi
ness, but without shame. Let destiny
direct the matter. It was in the hands "
of destiny, and stretching out his arm.
be threw it around the neck of his
brother, who knelt before him, And'
let It rest there, until the head of the
tired Wulf sank sleepily upon his'
shoulder like the head of an infant
upon its mother's breast.
At length the gray dawn broke, and
the sunlight, passing through the
eastern window, like a golden spear,
pierced the dusk of the long church,
which was built to the shape of a
cross, so that only its trancepts re
mained in the shadow. Then came a
sound of chanting, and by the western
door entered the Prior, wearing all his
robes, attended by the monks and aco
lytes, who swung censers. In the cen
ter of the nave he halted and passed
to the confessional, calling on Godwin
to follow. So he went and knelt be
fore the holy man and there poured
out ail his heart. He confessed his
ting. They were but few. He told
him of the vision of his sickness, on
which the Prior pondered long; of his
deep love, his hopes, his fears and
his desire to be a warrior who once as a
lad had wished to be a monk, not that
he might shed blood, but to fight for
the cross of Christ against the Pay
nim. ending with a cry of:
"Give me counsel; O, my father,
give me counsel."
"Your own heart is your best coun
selor," was the priest's answer. "Go
as It guides you, knowing that through
it it Is God who guides. Nor fearthat you will fail. But if love and
the joys of fife should, leave you, then
come back and we will talk again.
Go on. pure knight of Christ, fearing
nothing and sure of the reward, and
take with you the blessing of Christ
and of hfs church."
"What penance mUst I bear,
father?"
"Such, souls as yours inflict their
own penance. The saints forbid that
1-should add to it," was the gentle an
swer.
Then with a lightened- heart God
win returned to -the altar rails, while
his brother Wulf was summoned to
take his place in the confessional. Of
the sins that he -had to tell we need
not speak. They were such as were
common- to young men and none of
them very grievous. Still, before he
gave him absolution, the good Prior
admonished him to think, less of his
body and more of his spirit; less,
of the glory of the feats of arms
and more to the true ends to which
he should enter on them. He bade
him, moreover, to take his brother
Godwin as an earthly guide and ex
ample, since there lived no better or
wiser man of his years, and finally dis
missed him, prophesying that if he
would heed these counsels he would
come to- great glory on earth and in
heaven.
"Father, I will do my best," an
swered Wulf humbly, "but there can
not be two Godwins, and, father, some
times I fear me that our paths will
cross, since two men cannot win one
woman." .
"I know the trouble;" answered the
•Prior anxiously, "and with less noble
natured men it might be grave. But
if it should come to this, then must
the lady judge according to the wishes
o;' her own heart, and. he who loses
her mus.t be loyal in sorrow as in joy.
But .be sure you take no base advan
tage of your brother in the hour, of
temptation and bear him no bitterness
should he win the bride."
"I. think I can be sure of that,"
said Wulf: "also that we, who have
loved each other from birth, would
■die before we betrayed each other."
"I think so also," answered the Prior,
"but Satan is very strong."
Then Wulf also returned to the altar
rails, and the full mass was sung, and
the sacrament received by the two
neophytes, and the offerings made all
in their appointed order. Next they
' were led back to the priory to rest and
to eat a little after their long night's
vigil in the .cold church, and here they
abode ; awhile, thinking their own.
thoughts, seated alone in the Prior's
chamber. At length Wulf, who seemed
to be ill at ease, rose and laid his hand
upon his brother's shoulder, saying:
"I-can be silent no more; it was ever
thus: that which is in my mind must
out of it. I have words to say to you."
"Speak on, Wulf," said Godwin.
..Wulf'sat himself down again on his
stool, and for a while stared hard at
nothing, for he did not seem to find it
easy to begin .this talk. Now Godwin
could read hie brother's mind like a
book, but Wulf could not always read
Godwin's, although, being twins who
who had been together from birth,
their hearts were for the most part
open to each other without the need of
words.
"It is of our cousin Rosamund, is it
not?" asked Godwin presently.
"Aye. Who else?" <
"And you would tell ■me that you
love her, and .that now you are a
knight—almost—and hard on flve-and
twenty years of age, you would ask her
to become your affianced wife?"
"Yes; it came into my heart when
she rode the gray horse into the water,
there upon the pier, and I thought that
I should never see her any more. I say
that it came into my. heart that life
was not worth living nor death worth
dying without her."
"Then. Wulf," answered Godwin
slowly,- "what more is there to say?
Ask on, and prosper. Why not? We
have some lands, if not many, and
Rosamund will'not lack for them; nor
do I think that our uncle would say
you nay, if she wills it, seeing that you
are the properest man and the bravest
in all this country side.''
"Except my brother Godwin, who is
all these things, and gdod and learned
to boot, which I am pot," replied Wulf
musingly. Then there was silence for
a while, which he broke.
"Godwin, our ill-luck is that you love
her also, and that you thought the
same thought that I did yonder on the
quay-head."
Godwin flushed a little and his long
fingers tightened' their grip upon his
knee. .
"It is so," he said qUietly. "To my
grief it is so. But she knows nothing
of this, and should never know it if you
will keep a watch upon your tongue.
Moreover, you need not be Jealous of
me. before marriage or after.'
••What, then,, would you have me
do?" asked Wulf hotly. "Seek her
heart, and perchance—though this I
doubt—let her yield It to me. she think
ing that you care naught for her?"
"Why not?" asked Godwin again,
with a sigh; "it might save her some
pain and you. some- doubt, and make
your own path more clear. A marriage
is more to you than to me, Wulf, who
think -sometimes that my sword shall
be my spouse and duty my only
crown."
"Who think, having a heart of gold,
that even in such a thing as this you
will not bar the path of the brother
whom you love. Nay, Godwin, as I am a
sinful man. and as I desire her above
al! things on earth, I will play no such
coward's game, nor conquer one who
will not lift his sword lest he should
hurt me. Sooner would I bid you all
farewell, and go to seek fortune or
death 'in the wars without • work
spoken."
"Leaving her to pine, perchance. Oh,
could we be sure that she had no mind
toward either of us, that would be best
—to begone together. But, Wulf, we
cannot be sure, since at times, to be
honest, I have thought she loves you."
"And at times, to be honest, I have
been sure that she loves you, although
I should like to try my luck and hear it
from her Hps, which on such terms I
will not do."
"What, then, is your plan, Wulf?"
"My plan is that if our uncle gives us
leave, we should both speak to her—
you first, as the eldest, setting out your
case as best you can, and asking her to
think of it and give you answer within
a day. Then, before that day is done I
also should speak, so that she may
know all the story,, and play her part
In it with opened eyes, not deeming, as
otherwise she might, that we know
each other's minds, and that you ask
because I have no will that way."
"It is very fair." said Godwin, "and
worthy of you, who are the most hon
est of men. Yet Wulf, my heart is
troubled. See you, my brother, have
ever brethren loved each other as we
do? And now must the shadow of a
woman fall upon that love and blight
it, that is so fair and precious a
thing?"
"Why so?" asked Wulf. "Though it
is the common thought, I think it un
needful that even this should sour our
great love. Come, Godwin, let us make
a pact that it shall not be thus, and
keep it by the help of heaven. Let us
show the world that two men can love
one woman and still love each other,
not knowing as yet which of them she
will choose —if, indeed, she chooses
either; for, Godwin, we are not the only
gentlemen in the world whose eyes
have turned, or yet may turn, toward
the high-born, rioh and lovely Lady
Rosamund. Is it your will that we
shall make such a pact?"
Godwin thought a little, then an
swered:
"Yes; but if so it must be one so
strong that for her sake and for both
our sakes we cannot break it and live
with honor."
"So be it," said Wulf. "This is man's
work, not child's make believe."
Then Godwin rose and going to the
door bade his squire, who watched
without, pray the Prior John to come
to them, as they sought his counsel in
a matter. So he came, and standing
before him with downcast head, God
win told him all the tale, which, indeed,
he who knew so much already was
quick to understand, and of their pur
pose also; while at a question from the
prior Wulf answered that it was well
and truly said, nothing having been
kept back. Then they asked him if it
was lawful that they should take such
an oath, to which he replied that he
thought it not only lawful, but very
good.
So In the end. kneeling together hand
in hand before the holy rood that stood
in the chamber, they repeated this oath
after him. both of them together:
"We brethren, Godwin and Wulf
D'Arcy, do solemnly swear by the holy
cross of Christ and by the patron saint
of this place, St. Mary Magdalene, and
our patron saints, St. Peter and St.
Chad, standing In the presence of God.
our guardian angels, and of you. John,
that being both of. us enamored of our
cousin, Rosamund D'Arcy, we will, if
her sire allows It, ask her to wife in
the manner we have agreed, and no
other. That we will abide by her will,
should she choose either of us. nor
seek to alter it by tempting her from
her troth, or In any fashion overt or
covert. That he of us whom she re
fuses will thenceforth be a brother to
her and no more, however Satan may
tempt his heart otherwise. That so far
as may be possible to us, who are but
sinful men. we will suffer no bitterness
nor jealousy to come between our love
because of this woman, and that in
war or peace we will remain faithful
comrades and brethren. And so we
swear with a true heart and purpose,
and in token thereof, knowing that he
who breaks this oath will be a knight
dishonored and a vessel fit for the
wrath of God, we kiss this rood and
one another."
This, then, they said and did. and
with light minds and joyful faces re
ceived the blessing of the Prior, who
had christened them in Infancy, and
went down to meet the great company
that had ridden forth to lead them
back to Steeple, where their knighting
should be done.
So to Steeple, preceded by the
squires, who rode before them bare
headed, carrying their swords by
their scabbarded pints, with the gold
spurs hangin from the hilts, they
came at last. Here the' hall was set
for a great feast, a space having been
left ! between the tables and the dais,
to which the brethren wera conducted.
Then came forward Sir Anthony de
Mandeville and Sir Roger de Merci
in full armour, and presented to Sir
Andrew D'Arcy, their uncle, who
stood upon the edge of the dais, also
in his armour, their swords and spurs,
.of which he* gave back to them the
latter, bidding them affix them : upon
the candidates' right heels. This
done, the Prior John blessed the
swords, after which Sir Andrew girded
them about the waists of his nephews,
saying:
"Take ye back the swords that you
have used so well."
Next he drew his wn silyer-hilted
blade that had been his father's and
his grandfather's, and whilst they
knelt before him, smote each of them
three blows upon the right shoulder,
crying with a loud voice: "In the
name of God, Saint Michael and Saint
George I knight ye. Be ye good
knights." Thereafter came forward
Rosamund as their nearest kinswom
an, and, helped by other ladies, clad
upon them their hauberks, or coats of
mail, their helms of steel, and their
kite-shaped shields, emblazoned with
* a skull, the cognizance of their race.
This done, with the musicians march
ing before them, they walked to
Steeple Church, a distance of 200
paces from the hall, where they laid
their swords upon the altar and took
them up again, swearing to be good
servants of Christ and defenders of
the church. As they left its doors
who should meet them but the cook,
carrying his chopper in his hand and
claiming as his fee the value of the
spurs they wore, crying aloud at the
same time:
"If either of you young knights
should do aught In despite of your
honor and of the oaths that you have
sworn—from which may God and his
saints prevent you!—then with my
chopper will I hack these spurs from
off your heels "
Thus at last the long ceremony was
ended, and after it came a very great
feast, for at the high table were enter
tained many noble knights and ladles,
and below In the hall their squires and
other gentlemen, and outside all the
yeomanry and villagers, while the
children and the aged had food and
drink given to them in the nave of the
church Itself. When the eating at
length was done, the center of the hall
was cleared, and while men drank, the
minstrels made music, for all were very
merry with wine' and strong ale, and
talk arose as to which of these breth
ren—Sir Godwin and Sir Wulf—was the
more brave, the more handsome, and
the more learned and courteous.
Now a knight, It was Sir Saurln de
Salcote—seeing that the argument
grew hot and was like to lead to blows,
rose and declared that this should be
decided by beauty alone, and that none
could be more fitted to judge than the
fair lady whom the two of them had
saved from woman-thieves at the
Death Creek quay. Then all called,
"Aye, let her settle it," and it was
agreed that she would give the ker
chief from her neck to the bravest, a
beaker of wine to the handsomest, and
a book of hours to the most learned.
So, seeing no help for It,
gentle and simple alike, except her
father, the brethren, the most of the
other ladies and herself, Who drank
but water, had begun to grow heated
with wine and were very urgent,
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALH
Rosamund took the silk kerchief from
her neck. Then coming to the edge
of the dais, where they were seated in
the sight of all, she stood before her
cousins, not knowing, poor maid, to
which of them she should offer it. But
Godwin whispered a word to Wulf,
and both of them stretching out their
right hands took an end of the ker
chief which she he'd toward them, and
renting it in twain twisted the severed
fragments round their, sword hilti,
whereat all laughed at their wit and
cried:
"The wine for the handsome. They
cannot serve that thus." '
Rosamund thought a moment; then
she lifted a great silver breaker, the
largest on the board, and having filled
it full of wine once more came for
ward and held it before them as
though pondering. Thereon the
brethren, as though by a single move
ment, bent forward and each of them
touched the beaker with his Hps.
Again a great laugh went up, and
even Rosamund smiled.
"The book! the book!" cried the
company. "They may not tear the
holy book!"
So for the third time Rosamund ad
vanced, bearing the missal.
"Knights," she said, "you have rent
my kerchief and drunk mv wine. Now
I offer this hallowed writing—to him
who can read it best."
"Give it to Godwin," said Wulf. "I
am a swordsman, not a clerk."
"Well said! well said!" roared the
company. "The sword for us—not the
pen!" But Rosamund turned on them
and answered:
"He who wields sword, is brave, and
he who wields pen Is wise, but better
is he who can handle both sword and
pen—like my cousin Godwin—the brave
and learned."
"Hear her! hear her!" cried the com
pany, knocking their horns upon the
board, while in the silence that fol
lowed a woman's voice said, "Sir God
win's luck is great, but give me Sir
Wulf's strong arms."
Then the drinking began again, and
Rosamund and the laMies slipped away/
as well they might—for the times were
rough and coarse.
On the morrow, after most of the
guests were gone, many of them with
aching heads, Godwin and Wulf sought
their uncle, Sir Andrew. In the solar
where he sat alone, for they knew that
Rosamund had walked to the church
hard by with two of the serving
women to make it ready for the Fri
day's mass, after the feast of the peas
ants that had been held in the nave.
Coming to his oaken chair by the open
hearth which had a chimney to it—no
common thing in those days—they
kneeled before him.
"What is it now, my nephews?"
asked the old man, smiling. "Do you
wish that I should knight you afresh?"
"Nay, sir," answered Godwin, "we
seek a greater boon."
"Then you sgek In vain, for there is
none."
"Another sort of boon," broke in
Wulf.
Sir Andrew pulled his beard, and
looked at them. Perhaps the Prior
John had spoken a word to him. and
he guessed what was coming.
"Speak," he said to Godwin., "The
gift is great that I would, not give to
either of you. if it be within my power."
"Sir," said Godwin, "we .seek the
leave to ask your daughter's hand in
marriage." '
"What! the two of you?"
"Yes, sir; the two of us."
Then Sir Andrew, who • seldom
laughed, laughed outright.
"Truly," he said, "of all the strange
things I have known, this is the stran
gest—that two knights should ask one
wife between them."
"It seems strange, sir; but listen to
our tale and you will understand."
So he listened while they told him all
that had passed between them and of
the solemn oath which they had sworn.
"Noble In this as In other things,"
commented Sir Andrew when they had
done: "but I fear that one of you will
find that vow hard to keep. By all the
saints, nephews, you were right when
'you said that you asked a great boon.
Do you know, although I have told you
nothing of it, that, not to speak of the
knave Lozelle, already two of the
greatest men in this land have sought
my daughter Rosamund in marriage."
"It may well be so," said Wulf.
"It is so, and now I will tell you why
one or other of the pair is not her hus
band, which in some ways I would he
were. A simple reason. I asked her,
and she had no mind to either, and as
her mother married where her heart
was, so I have sworn that the daugh
ter should do, or not at all—for better
a nunnery than a loveless bridal. Now
let us see what you have to give. You
are of good blood—that of Ululn by
your mother, and mine, also on one
side her own. As squires to your spon
sors of yesterday, the knights Sir An
thony de Mandevllle nd Sir Roger de
Mercl, you bore you bravely in the
Scottish War: indeed, your liege King
Henry remembered it, and that is why
he granted my prayer so readily. Since
then, although you loved the life lit
tle, because I asked It of you, you have
rested here at home with me, and done
no feats of arms, save that great one
of two months gone which made you
knights, and, in truth, gives you some
claim on Rosamund.
"For the rest, your father being the
younger Bon, your lands are small, and
you have no other gear. Outside the
borders of this shire you are unknown
men, with all your deeds to do—for I
reckon not those Scottish battles when
you were but boys. And she whom
you ask is one of the fairest and no
blest and most learned ladies In this
land, for I, who have some skill in
such things, have taught her myself
from childhood. Moreover, as I have
no other heir, she will be wealthy.
Well, what more have you to offer for
all this?"
"Ourselves," answered Wulf boldly.
"We are true knights of whom you
know the best and worst, and we love
her. We learned It for once and for
?all on Death Creek quay, for till then
she was our sister and no more."
"Ay," added Godwin, "when she
swore herself to us and blessed us,
then light broke on both."
"Stand up," said Sir Andrew, "and
let me lpok at you."
So they stood side by side in the full
light of the blazing fire, for little other
came through those narrow windows.
"Proper men: proper men;" said the
old 1 knight; "and as like to one an
other as two grains of wheat from the
same sample. Six feet high, each of
you. and broad-chested, though Wulf
Is larger made and the stronger of the
two. Brown and wavlng-haired, both,
save for that line of white where the
sword hit yours, Godwin—Godwin with
gray eyes that dream and Wulf with
the blue eyes that shine like swords.
Ah! your grandsire had eyes like that,
Wulf; and I have been told that when
he leaped from the tower to the wall
at the taking of Jerusalem, the Pay
nims did not love the light that shone
in them—nor, in faith, did I. his son,
when he was angry. Proper men, the
pair of you; but Wulf most warrior
like, and Sir Godwin most courtly."
"Now which do you think would
please a-woman most?"
"That, sir, depends upon the woman,"
answered Godwin. And straightway
his eyes began to dream.
"That, sir, we seek to learn before
the day is out. If you give us leave,"
added Wulf; "though, if you woula
know, I think my chance a poor one."
"Ah. well; it Is a very pretty riddle.
But I do not envy her who has its an
swering, for it might well trouble a
maid's mind, neither is ft certain when
all is done that she will guess best for
her own peace. Would It not be wiser,
then, that I should forbid them to ask
this riddle?" he added, as though to
•himself, and fell thinking while they
trembled seeing that he was minded
to refuse their suit.
At length he looked up again and
said: "Nay, let it go as God wills,
who holds the future in his hand.
Nephews, because you are good
knights and true, either of whom
would ward her well—and she may
need warding—because you are my
only brother's sons, whom I have
promised him to care for; and most
of all because I love you both with an
equal k>ve, have your wish and go try
your fortunes at the hands of my
daughter Rosamund In the fashion
you have agreed. Godwin, the elder,
first, as Is his right; then Wulf. Nay,
no thanks; but go swiftly, for I, whose
hours are short, wish to learn the an
swer to this riddle."
So they bowed and went, walking
side by side. At the door of the hall
Wulf stopped and said:
"She is in the church. Seek her
there, and—oh! I would that I could
wish you good fortune; but, Godwin,
I canndt. I fear me that this may be
the edge of that shadow of woman's
love whereof you spoke, falling cold
upon my heart."
"There is no shadow; there is light,
now and always, as we have sworn
that it should be." answered Godwin.
CHAPTER IV.
The Letter of Saladln.
It was past 3 in the afternoon and
snow clouds were fast covering up the
last gray gleam of the December day
as Godwin, wishing that his road was
longer, walked to the church across
the meadow. At the door of it he met
the two serving women coming out
with brooms in >'heir hands and bear
ing between them a great basket
filled with broken meats and foul
rushes. Of them he asked if the lady
Rosamund was still in the church, to
which they answered, curtseying:
" Yes, Sir Godwin*and she bade us
desire of you that you would come to
lead her to the hall when she had
finished making her prayers before
the altar."
"I wonder," mused Godwin,
"whether I shall ever lead her from the
altar to the hall, or whether—l shall
bide alone by the altar."
Still he thought it a good omen that
she had bidden him thus, though
some might have read it otherwise.
<He entered the church, walked soft
ly on the rushes with which the nave
was strewn and by the light of the
lamp that burned there always saw
Rosamund kneeling before a little
shrine, her gracious head bowed upon
her hands, praying earnestly. Of
what, he wondered —of what?
Still, she did not hear him; so, com
ing* ifito the chancel he stood behind
her and waited patiently. At length,
wlttv a deep sigh, she rose from her
knees and turned, and he noted by the
light of the lamp that there were
tear-stains upon her face. Perhaps
She, too, had spoken with the Prior
John, who was her confessor also. Who
knows? At the least, when her eyes
fell upon Godwin standing like a
stave before her, she started, and there
broke from her Hps the words: .
"Oh, how swift an answer!" Then,
recovering herself, added, "To my mes
sage, I mean, cousin." •
"I met the women at the door," he
said.
"It is kind of you to come," Rosa
mund went on; "but. In truth, since
that day on Death Creek I fear to walk
a yard alone or In the company of
women only. With you I feel safe."
"Or with Wulf."
"Yes, or. with Wulf," she repeated;
"that is, when he is not thinking of
wars and adventures far away."
By now they had reached the porch
of the church, to find that the snow
was falling fast
"Let us bide here a minute," he said;
"it is but a passing cloud."
So they stayed there in the gloom,
and for a while there was silence. Theu
he spoke.
"Rosamund, my cousin and lady. 1
come to put a question to you, but
first —why you will understand—lt Is
my duty to ask that you will give me
no answer to that question until a full
day is passed."
"Surely, Godwin, that is to
promise. But what is this wonderful
question that may not be answered?"
"One short and simple. Will you
promise yourself to me in marriage?"
She leaned back against the wall of
the porch.
"My father " she began.
"Rosamund, I have his leave."
"How can I answer since you your
self forbid it?"
"Till this time to-morrow only.
Meanwhile, I pray you hear me. Rosa
mund. I am your cousin, and we
were brought up together—indeed, ex
cept when I was away at the Scottish
war, we have never been apart. There
fore, we know each other well, as well
as any may who are not wedded.
Therefore, too, you will know that I
have always loved you, first as a
brother loves his sister, and now as a
man loves a woman."
"Nay, Godwin. I knew It not; in
deed, I thought that, as it used to be,
ycur heart was other where."
"Other where? What lady?—"
"Nay, no lady; but In your dreams."
"Dreams? Dreams of what?"
"I cannot say. Perchance of things
that are not here—things higher than
the person of a poor maid."
"Cousin, in part you are right, for it
is not only the maid whom I love, but
her spirit also. Oh, In truth, you are
to me a dream—a very symbol of all
that is noble, high and pure. In you
and through you, Rosamund. I
worship the heaven I hope to share
with you."
"A dream? A symbol? Heaven?
Are these glittering garments to hang
about a wonv.n's shape? Why, when
the truth came out you would find her
but a skull In a jeweled mask and
learn to loath her for a deceit that was
not her own, but yours. Godwin, such
trappings as your imagination pictures
could only fit an angel's face."
"They fit a face that will become an
angel's."
"An angel's? How know you? l
am half an Eastern; the blood runs
warm In me at times. I too have my
thoughts and visions. I think that I
love power and imagery and the de
lights of life—a different life to this.
Are you sure, Godwin, that this face
will be an angel's?"
"I wish I were as sure of other
things. At least, I'll risk it."
"Think of your soul, Godwin. It
might be tarnished. Tou would not
risk that for me, would you?"
He thought. Then answered:
"No; since your soul is a P ar f; of
mine, and I would not risk yours."
"I like you for that answer," she
said. "Yes; more than for all you
have said before, because I know that
it is true. Indeed, you are an honor
able knight, and I am proud—very
proud—that you should love me,
though perhaps it would be better
otherwise." Apd ever so little she
bent the knee to him.
"Whatever chances, in life or death
those words will make me happy, Rosa
mund."
Suddenly she caught his arm. "What
ever chances? Ah! what Is about to
chance? Great things, I think, for you
and Wulf and me. Remember, I am
half an Eastern, and we Easterns can
feel the future before It lays its hands
upon us and becomes the present. I
fear it, Godwin—l tell you that I fear
"Fear it not, Rosamund. Why should
you fear? On God's knees lies the scroll
of our lives, and of his purposes. The
words we see and the words we guess
may be terrible, but he who wrote it
knows the end of the scroll, and that It
is good. Fear not, therefore, but read
on with an untroubled heart, taking na
thought for the morrow."
She looked at him wonderingly, and
asked:
"Are these the words of a wooer or ol
a saint in warrior's weeds? I know
not, and do you know yourself? But
you say you love me and that you
would wed'me, and I believe it. Also
that the woman whom Godwin weds
will be fortunate, since such men are
rare. But I am forbid to answer until
to-morrow. Well, then I will answet
as I am given grace. So till then be
what you were of old, and—the snow
has ceased. Guide me home, my cousin
Godwin."
So home they went through the dark
ness and the cold, moaning wind,
speaking no word, and entered the
wide hall, where a great fire built in
its center roared upward toward an
opening in the roof, whence the smoke
escaped, looking very pleasant and
cheerful after the winter night without.
And there, standing in front of the fire,
also pleasant and cheerful to behold,
although his brow seemed somewhat
puckered, was Wulf. At the sight of
him Godwin turned back through the
great door, and having as it were stood
for one moment in the light, vanished
again into the darkness, closing the
door behind him. But Rosamund
walked on toward the fire.
"You seem sad. cousin," said Wulf,
studying her. "Godwin has kept you
too iong to pray with him in church.
Well, it is his custom, from which 1
myself have suffered. Be seated on
this settee and warm yourself."
She obeyed without a word, and
opening her fur cloak, stretched out
her hands toward the flame, which
played about her dark and lovely
face. Wulf looked round him. Thf
hall was empty; then he looked at
Rosamund.
"I am glad to find this chance of
speaking with you alone, cousin, since
I have a question to ask of you; but
I must pray of you to give me no an
swer to it until foUr-and-twenty hours
be passed."
"Agreed," she said. "I have given
one such promise; let it serve foi
both; now for your question."
"Ah!" replied Wulf cheerfully, "I
am glad that Godwin went first,
since it saves me words, at which he
is better than I am."
"I do not know that, Wulf; at
least you have more of them," an
swered Rosamund, with a smile.
"More, perhaps, but of a different
quality—that is what you mean.
Well, happily, here mere words are
not in question."
"What, are in question,
Wulf?"
"Hearts. Your heart and my heart
—and I suppose Godwin's heart, if he
has one—in that way."
"Why should not Godwin have a
heart.
"Why? Well, you see just now it
is my business to belittle Godwin.
Therefore. I declare —which you, who
know more about it. can believe or
not, as it pleases you—that Godwin's
heart is like that of the old saint in
the reliquary of Stangate—a thing
that may have beaten once, and will
perhaps beat again in heaven, but now
is somewhat dead to this world."
Rosamund smiled, and thought to
herself that this dead heart had
shown signs of life not long ago. But
aloud she said:
"If you have no more to say to me
of Godwin's heart, I will begone to
read with my father, who waits for
me."
"Nay, I have much more to say of
my own." And suddenly Wulf be
came earnest —so earnest that hia
great frame shook, and when he
strove to speak he could but stammer.
At length it came forth in a flood ot
burning words.
"I love you. Rosamund! I love you—
all of you, and about ycu, as I have
ever loved you—though I did not know
it till the other day—that of the fight,
and ever shall love you—and I seek you
for my wife. I know that I am only a
rough soldier man. full of faults, not
holy and learned like Godwin. Yet I
swear that I would be a true knight to
you all my life, and. If the saints give
me grace and strength, do great deeds
in your honor and watch you well.
Oh! what more is there to say?"
"Nothing, Wulf," answered Rosa
mund, lifting her downcast eyes. "You
do not wish that I should answer you.
So I will thank you—yes, from my
heart, though, in truth, I am grieved
that we can be no more brother and
sister, as we have been this many a
•year—and be going."
"Nay, Rosamund, not yet. Although
you may not speak, surely you might
give me some little sign, who am in
torment, and thus must stay this time
to-morrow. For instance, you might
let me kiss your hand—the pact said
nothing about kissing."
"I know naught of this pact, Wulf."
answered Rosamund sternly, although
a smile crept about the corners of her
mouth, "bu* I do know that I shall not
suffer you to touch my hand."
"Then I will kiss your robe." And
seizing a corner of her cloak, he pressed
it to his lips. _ r
"You are strong—l am weak. v* uir,
and cannot wrench my garment from
you, but I tell you that this play ad
vantages you nothing."
He let the cloak fall.
"Your pardon. I should have remem
bered that Godwin would never have
presumed so far."
• Godwin," she said, tapping her foot
upon the ground, "if he gave a promise,
would keep it in the spirit as well as in
the letter."
"I suppose so. See what it is for an
erring man to have a saint for a
brother and a rival. -ay, be not angry
with me, Rosamund, who cannot tread
the path of saints."
"That I believe, but at least, Wulf,
there is no need to mock those who
can."
"I mock him not. I love him as well
as—you do." And he watched her face.
It never changed, for in Rosamund's
heart was hid the secret strength and
silence of the East, that can throw a
mask impenetrable over eyes and fea
tures.
"I am glad that you love him. Wulf.
See to it that you never forget your
love and duty."
"I will; yes—even If you reject me
for him."
"Those are honest words, such as I
looked to hear you speak," she replied
in a gentle voice. "And now, dear Wulf,
farewell, for I am weary—"
"To-morrow," he broke In.
"Aye," she answered In a heavy
voice. "To-morrow I must speak, and
—you must listen."
' The sun had risen his course again,
and once more it was near 4 o'clock in
the afternoon. The brethren stood by
the great Are in the hall looking at each
other doubtfully—as, indeed, they had
looked through all the long hours of
the night, during which neither of them
had closed an eye.
"It is time," said Wulf, and Godwin
nodded.
As he spoke a woman was seen de
scending from the solar, and they knew
her errand.
"Which?" said Wulf, and Godwin
shook his head.
"Sir Andrew bids me say that he,
would speak with you both," said the :
woman, and went her way.
"By the saints, I believe it's neither!"
exclaimed Wulf, with a little laugh.
"It may be thus," said Godwin, "and
perhaps that would be best for all."
"I don't think so," answered Wulf, as
he followed him up the steps of the
solar.
Now they had passed the passage
and closed the door, and before zhem
was Sir Andrew, seated in his chair by
the fire, but not alone, for at his side,
her hand resting upon his shoulder,
stood Rosamund. They noted that she
was clad in her richest robes, and a
bitter thought came into their minds
that this might be to show them how
beautiful was the woman whom both
of them must lose. As they advanced
they bowed first to her and then to
their uncle, while lifting her eyes from
the ground she smiled a little in greet
ing.
"Speak, Rosamund," said her
father. "These knights are in doubt
and pain."
"Now for the coup de grace," mut
tered Wulf.
"My cousins," began Rosamund in
a low, quiet voice, as though she were
saying a lesson, "as to the matter of
which you spoke to me yesterday, I
have taken counsel with my father and
with my own heart. You did me great
honor, both of you, in asking me to be
the wife of such worthy knights, with
whom I have been brought up and
loved since childhood as a sister lovt-s
her brothers. I will be brief as I may.
Alas! I can give to neither of you the
answer which you wish.-'
"Coup de grace, indeed," muttered
Wulf, "through hauberk, gambeson
and shirt, right home to the heart."
But Godwin only turned a trifle paler
and said nothing. Now there was si
lence for a little space, while from be
neath bushy eyebrows the old knight
watched their faces, on which the light
of the tapers fell. Then Godwin spoke.
"We thank you, cousin. Come.
Wulf. we have our answer; let us be
going."
"Not all of it," broke in Rosamund
hastily, and they seemed to breathe
again.
"Listen." she said; "for it it
pleases you. I am willing to make a
promise which my father has ap
proved. Come to me this time two
years, and if we all three live, should
both of you still wish me to wife. Unit
there may be no further space of pain
or waiting. I will name the man whom
I shall choose and marry him at
once."
"And if ere then one of us is dead?''
asked Godwin.
"Then," replied Rosamund, "If his
name be untarnished and he has done
no deed that is not knightly, I will
forthwith wed the other."
"Pardon me—" broke in Wulf,
She neld up her hand and stopped
him, saying:
"You think this is a strange rede,
and so perhaps it Is; but the matter
is also strange, and for me the case
is hard. Remember, all my life is at
stake, and I may desire more time
wherein to make my choice, that be
tween two such men no maiden would
find easy. We are all of us still young
for marriage, for which, if God guards
our lives, there will be time and to
spare. Also in two years I may learn
which of you is the worthier knight,
who to-day both seem so worthy."
"Then !s neither of us more to you
than the other?" asked Wulf outright.
Rosamund turned red, and her bosom
heaved as she replied:
"I will not answer that question."
"And Wulf should not have asked
it," said Godwin. "Brother, I read Rosa
mund's saying thus: Between us she
finds not much to choose, or if she
does in her secret heart, out of her
kindness—since she is determined not
to marry for awhile—she will not suf
fer us to see it and thereby bring
grief on one of us. So she says. 'Go
forth, you knights, and do" deeds
worthy of such a lady, and perchance
he who does the highest deeds shal!
receive the great reward.' For my
part, I fnd this Judgment wise and
Just, and I am content to abide its is
sue. Nay, I am even glad of it, since
it slves us time and opportunity ton
show our sweet cousm here, and all
our fellows, the mettle whereof we are
made, and strive to outshine each other
in the achievement of great feats
which, as always, we shall attempt side
by side."
"Well spoken," said Sir Andrew.
"And you. Wulf?"
Then Wulf. feeling that Rosamund
was watching his face beneath the
shadow of her long eyelashes, an
swered:
"Before heaven, I am content also.for whatever may be said against it,
now at least then- will be ttvo years
of war in which one or both of us -may
well fair, ar;d for that while at least no
woman-can cu'me between our brother
hood. Uncle. 1 crave your leave to go
ser.ve my liege in Normandy."
"And 1 a!so," said Godwin.
• "In the spring; "in thy spring," re
plied Sir Andrew hastily: "when King
Henry moves his power. Meanwhile,
bide you berfe in all good fellowship,
for who knows —much muy happen be
tween now and, then, and perchance
your strong arms - will be needed as
they were not long ago. Moreover. I
look to all three of you to hear no more
of th*s talk of love and marriage,
which, in truth, disturbs my mind and
house, f-'or good or ill, the matter is
now settled fur two years to come,
by which time it is. likely 1 Shall be. in
my grave and beyond all trouoiing. I
do not say that things nave- gone al
together as I could have wished, but
they are as Rosamund wish- s, and that
is enough for me. On which of you
she look* with the nrjore favor I do not
kno\V. and-be you content to remain In,
ignorance of what a f"r*hY:« does not
ihink.it 'wise to. seek to-learn. A
maid's heart is her own) and "her. fu
ture lies in the hand •••f God and -his
saints, where let it ribide. say I. Now
we have done with all this business,
Rosamund, dismiss your knights, and
be you al! three brothers and' sister
once more till this, time two years,
when those who live wiV find an an "
swer to the •fiddle.?* ;*
So Rosamund came forward, and
.without a v <>fd save her right hand
"to Godwin and* her •left t&VWulf, and
suffered tr.at they press*their lips Upon
them. and."for a while this was the
end of their- asking her in mar>iage.
The"" bf.e-thren left" the solar .side- by
.side- hs- they had come .into it, but
changed men in a-sense, for now .their
.lives " were .afire with a* great purpose,
' which' hade" them da°re and do and'-A.in.
Yet they-- were -'than
| 'when they- entered there 4 since at least
' ?eithVr 'had been 'scorned, .while both
.. had . hope, .and ail' the future, which'
the* young so seldom fear,' fay .before
..them. .As they deseenile'd .the steps
t'.eir e"'es fell upo.n the ugure of a tall
i .man clad in a pilgrim's cape and ttood
;• "an*!"-low-crowned hat, : . of which' the
p front* • was bent " upward*.and ltu'ed.
- -vho carried .in .hip hand a .paJmer's
'.staff-, and abofit hts'.waist the scrip and.
water bottfe. " • . . . »"•• *•' .
"What seek , you. holy palmer?*'
L asked. Godwin, coming • towards ■h.in"'.
|"A .night's lodgmg in 'my. uncle's
•libus.e?" |
.The man bowed*, then..fixing oh -him
I a pair- of beadlike.brown ryes, -.which
reminded Godwin of some he had .once
{ ; ANNOUNCEMENT. Each Week for the Best* RULES. !
.'• For* the purpose of encouraging California and Western writers, ' • .. 1
» by offering a consideration for short stones equal to that paid by the « «f erra gT\ f*VK tPfc «<H V No stos "y Wlll b <* considered that is less than a.soo nor more than <
J . best magazines, and for the purpose of bringing young and unknown Ifc. O&M OW i W jj |# 3 ?°° woras in leneth - The I<neth of - he story must be marked in j
| writers to the front, the' Sunday Gall announces a weekly fiction con- Ij Vf jl 1 #|\ ■ P lain figures. I
p test in .which a cash prize of $50 will be paid each week for the best * • A VrtF A • • ■ ■
». story submitted. ' There is no section of America more fertile in ma- .In selection of stones names will not count. The unknown «
9 terial for fiction "or more prolific in. pens gifted to give spirit to the wnter will have the same standing as the popular author. !
i .material at hand than-is California and the West. Therefore the Sun- ■* _ 111 . . . |
• day Call offers.sso for- thjs. best story submitted each week by a West- fIHSHR JKMK&k. As one of the obiects of the Sunday Call is to develop a new corps (
J• em writer. Stories of Western life end Western characters will, as a JSHk WZpmL of Western writers no stories under noms de plume will be considered. <
I rule, be given the preference; but all strong stories, and especially »|.Sk9 MM bBT |V W&. IWI If a stor y earns publication it will be well worth the writer's name. <
p .strong- stories by new writers, will receive careful consideration. aflffiLw BMBBL B P|| 1 l\y .1
' Each .st.o.ry will be iudeed strictly upon jts literary merit.. Type- fiffflf X §S Stories not accepted will be returned at once. Those selected <
* written copy is the easiest to read, and will receive the first consider- BTyM mm Ej ffi £9 mm be published one each week. i
£ • ation from the • editor.. but .do not hesitate to send a story in hand- jBLfILgS V *!
J . writing if. you cannot afford to have it typewritten. TbßSw sltßmW WT This fi ction contest will be continued indefinitely. j
I Fifty. dollars'in cash'for a story of not less than 2500 words and ff , Vfl s
\ not- more 'than .3500 words is approximately $17 per thousand words, ' An author* may submit as many manuscripts as he desires, but no 4
{ • or 1.7 cents per word. The highest price paid by the leading magazines ene writer will be permitted to win more than three prises during the <
I for the work of' any but the very best writers is rarely more than _ . . _ contest, I
J- two 'cents"a.word, more often one cent and a half, and generally one SUPlMtted tO the ~ x V/II *
I cent. With- the' majority of magazines .thei writer, after his story is ac- Always inclose return postage. No manuscripts will be returned !
f ' ' cepted, is .tfompelled to wait until the publication of his story before _ _ _ . _ unless accompanied by return postage. . 4
9- he is paid, a period of seldom less than six months, and usually from Ml, W T imf M A, ■ ■ Vlh 4
I nine months to a year. The stories accepted in this contest will be 1 I f%| I 1 / m ■ #m 1 I Write on one side of paper only; put name and address legibly on <
I . paid for immediately upon publication, and will be published on the J Am A AJft last page, and address to the SUNDAY EDITOR OF THE CALL. \
''. first' Sunday, following the rodring of the manuscripts. SAN FRANCISCO CAL. *
swered* in the humble Voice- affected by
his class: . -' •
'.'Even so, most noble 'knight. Shelter •
for man and ' begjst, for my mule, is
held without.' Also a. word with the
lord,. Sir. Andrew*. D'Arcy, for 'whom
1 have a'message?' '.' . ' •
"A mqle?". said Wuff. "J thought
that palmers*a.lways went afoot?'.'
• "True, Sir Knighf;bui, aV.it cbarices,
I have baggage. '• Nay, not my own,
whose' earthly gear is. all upon .my
back—but a chest, .that contain* »I
know not what, 'which I am strictly
charged • to. deliver- to • .Sir Andrew-
D'Arcy, the owner of this hall, or
should he be dead, then to' the iady
Bosamund. his daughter.'.' ' "
"Charged? By whom?" asked. Wulf..
• "That, sir," said the palmer, bowing,'
"I will fell to Sir- Andrew; "who, I un
derstand, still lives. Have 1 your leave
to bring in the chest? and if so, will
■ one of your servants help .me, for. it is
heavy?".
"We will help- you," .sa}d Godwin.
And • they went with him into 'the
courtyard, where.' by the scant • light
of the stars they saw ■a' fine mule in*
charge of one' of the serving' men, and
bound upon its . back ." a long-shaped,
package. -This ; the paimer 'unloosed,
and taking one end, while Wulf, after
bidding the ° man stable" the mule; took
the other, they bore :it ifito the : hall.
Godwin going before theni to summon
his- uncle. . Presently he came and. the .
palmer bowed low.to'htm. ' • •
".What is your name, palmer, and
whence comas .this?" asked the old *
knight, looking, at'him keenly.:
'-• "My name, Sir Andrew, is Nicholas
of Salisbury; and as to who sent me, '
with, your leave,. I will whis.per -in
y ur ear." And, leaning forward, he
did so.
Sir Andrew heard, and staggered
baric as though a dart .had pierced
him.
"A'hat.?" he said. "Are you, a holy
palm> ! r, the messenger, of —" and he
Stropped suddenly.
"1 w;is his prisoner," answered the
man. "a.nd he—who at least ever keeps
his -vol !—gave me my life—for I had
b«en condemned to die—at the price
that I bro'asht this to you, and took
back your a.nswer, or hers, which I
have sworn to do..'.'
"Answer': To what?"
"Nay. I know .nothing save that there
s a writing in the chest." Its purport
I Was not tol l, who am but a messen
ger bound by ..ath.to do certain things.
Open the chest, lord, and meanwhile.
1' you have food,'l have traveled far
tnd fast."
Sir Andrew went to a door, and
called to his men-servants, whom he
bade bring meat. to the palmer and
s ay with him while-he ate. Then he
t< Id Godwin and Wulf to- lift the box
a id bring it to the solar, and with it
htmme" and chisel, in case they should
b» needed, which they did, setting It
uion the oaken table. •
•open,'' said "Andrew. So they rip
i .ped off .the canvas, of which there
" "were tw*> folds, revealing within a box
i of dark, foreign looking wood bound
:th iron bands, at which they la
' bored long before they could break
!p>, . At length it was done, and there
within was another . box beautifully
: tue of polished ebony, and sealed at
' the front and ends with a strange de
, vice. This box had a lock of silver,
, to which ivas ti"d a silver ke;\
"At least it has not been tampered
* with,"* said Wulf, examining the un
i broken seals, but Sir Andrew only re
peated:
"Open, and be swift. Here, Godwin,
take the key, for my hand shakes with
I cold.';
; The lock turned easily, and the seals
being broken, the 'id rose upon its
i Nine**, while, as it did so, a scent of
precious odors filled' the place. Be
i covering the contents of the
chest* was an oblong piece of worked
silk, and lying on it a parchment.
Sh* Andrew broke the silk and seal
and unrolled the parchment. Within
; it was written over in strange char
acters. Also, there was a second un
sealed roll, written in a clerkly hand in
No-rman. French, and headed. "Trans
lation of this letter, in case the knight.
Sir Andrew D'Arcy has forgotten the
Arabic tongue, or that his daughter,
th- Lady Rpsamund, has not yet learnt
the same." '
.Sir-Andrew glanced at both headings,
then said':
"Nay. "I have not forgotten Arabic,
tvh.«,. while my lady lived, spoke little
.else with her. and who taught it to
our daughter. But the light is bad and
- Gwdwin.'you are scholarly; readme
"the French. We can compare them
afterward."
At this .moment Rosamund entered
the sOQir. from her chamber, and see
. wig the - three of them so strangely em
ployed, said: .' ' .
"Is It your will that 1 go, father?"
' - "Nay, daughter. Since you are here,
sttty here' I think that this matter
concerns you as well as me. Read on,
Godwin.**.
'So Godwin read: '
•!n the name-of God, the merciful
• ar,d-compassionate! I. Salah-ed-din,
Yusuf ibn Ayoub, Commander of the
•Faithful;- cause these words, to be writ
ten, and seal'them with my own hand,
to the Frank lord. Sir Andrew D'Arcy,
. husband of my sister by another moth
er," S.itt Zobeidv, the beautiful and
faithless, on whom Allah has taken
vengeance for. her sin. Or if he be dead
also, then' to his daughter and hers,
m>' .niecei. and by blood a princess of
. Syrin "and Egypt, who among the
Franks is named the Lady Rose of the
World. ■
how, marry years ago,' when we were
. friends, .you, by an evil chance, be
• came. acquainted with my sister Zo
beide, while you were a prisoner and
sick in "my father's .house. How, too,
Satan- put in into her heart to listen
tp your words of love, so that she
became a' cross worshipper, and was
: : marrted. to you after the' Frankish
•custom,-.and: fled with you to England.
.You will remember also, although at
the time hb.w we could not recapture
her from the vessel, how I sent a mes
senger" to you, saying that soon or late
.I.woald yet tear her from your arms
and. deal with her as .we deal with
. faithless women. But within' six years
of that time'sure news .reached me
that Allah had taken her, therefore I
mourrted :for my sister and her fate
awhile, -and forgot her and you.
• "Know-that a certain-knight named
Lozelle, who dwelt in the part of
England where you have your castle,
• has told me that Zobeide left a daugh
ter,, who •is very beautiful. . Now my
heart, -which loved her mother, goes
out toward this niece whom I have
never seen, for although .ehe is your
child and, a cross-worshiper—at least
save in the matter of her mother's
theft—you were a brave and noble'
• knight, of good blood, as, indeed. I-re
membei". your brother was. also, he
who fell In the fight at Harenc: Learn
now. .that having by the will-of Allah
'icome'to great estate here at Damas
cus and throughout the East,'l desire
• io lift your daughter up to be a
cess of my house. Therefore I invite
• her t.o journey to Damascus, and you
. with her, if you live. Moreover, lest
you should fear some trap, I promise
in the name of God, and by the word
of Salah-ed-din, which never yet was
broken, that although I trust the mer
ciful God will change her heart so that
she enters it of her own will, I will
not force her to accept the faith or
bind herself in any marriage which
she does not desire. Nor will I take
vengeance upon you. Sir Andrew, for
what you have done in the past, or
suffer others to do so, but will rather
raise you to great honor and live with
you In friendship as of yore.
"But if my messenger returns and
tells me that my niece refuses this,
my loving offer, then I warn her that
my arm is long, and I will surely take
her as I can.
"Therefore, within a year of the day
that I receive the answer of the lady,
my niece, who Is named Rose of the
World, my emissaries will appear
wherever she may be. married or sin- *
gle. to lead her to me. with honor if
she be willing, but still to lead her to
me if she be unwilling. Meanwhile, in
token of my love, I send precious gifts
of certain things, and with them my
patent of her title as princess, and
lady of the City of Baalbec, whicbtitle,
with its revenue and prerogatives, are
registered in' the archives of my em
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
pire in favor of her and her lawful
heirs, and declared to be binding upon
me and my successors forever.
"The bearer of this letter and of my
gifts is a certain cross-worshiper
named Nicholas, to whom let your an
swer be handed for delivery to me.
This devoir he is under oath to per
form and will perform It, for he knows
that if he fails therein, then that he
must die.
•'Signed by Salah-ed-din, Commander
of the Faithful, at Damascus, and
sealed with his seal, in the spring sea
son of the year of the Hesira 581.
"Take rote also that this writing
having been read to me by my secre
tary before I set my name and seal
thereunto, I perceive, that you. Sir An
drew, or you. Lady Rose of the World,
may think it strange that I should be
at such pains and cost over a maid
who is not of my religion and whom
I and may therefore doubt
my honesty in the matter. Know then
the true reason. Since I heard that
yo». Lady Rose of the Worid, lived. I
have thrice been visited by a dream
sent from God concerning ypu.
"Now this is the dream-fthat the
oath I made as regards your mother
is binding as regards you also; further,
that i:i r-'ipip way that is not revealed
to me, your presence here will with
hold me from the shedding of a sea of
blood, and save the whole world much
misery. Therefoio >'t !s decreed that
you must come and bide in my bouse.
That these things are so. Allah and
his prophet te my witnesses."
OIAITF.R V.
The Wine Merchant.
(iodwin laid down the letter, and all
four of them stared at one another in
amazement.
"Surely." said Wulf, "this is some
fool's trick played off upon our uncle
as an evil jest."
By way of answer Sir Andrew bade
him 'ift the silk that hid the contents
of thf» coffer and see v. hat lay there.
Ke did so. and next moment threw
back his head like a man whom some
sudden light had blinded, as well he
might, for from it came such a flare
of gem« as Essex had rarely seen be
fore. Red, green, and blue they spark
led; and. among them were the dull
glow of sold and the white sheen of
pearls.
"Oh, how beautiful! how beautiful!"
said Rosamund.
"Aye. 1 ' muttered Godwin: "fit fires
to maze a woman's mind till she
knows not right from wrong."
Wulf said nothing, but one by one
drew them from the chest —-oronet,
veil, necklace of pearls, breast orna
mun to i\f Pitrtioc oit «">*r* oonnhi vo o
' — — — — — -ww «r www w w v
jeweled anklets, and with them san
dals and robes, and other garments
of gold-embroldered purple silk. More
over, among these, also sealed with the
seals of Salah-ed-din, his viziers, of
ficers of state, and secretaries, was
that patent of which the letter spoke,
setting out the full titles of the Prin
cess of Baalbec, the extent and bound
aries of her great estates, and the
amount of her annual revenue, which
seemed more money than they had
ever heard of.
"I was wrong," said Wulf. "Even the
Sultan of the East could not afford
a jest so costly."
"Jest?*' broke In Sir Andrew; "it is
no jest, as I was sure from the first
line of the letter, that from end to end
breathes the very spirit of Saladin.
though he be a Saracen, the greatest
man on all the earth, as I, who was
a friend of his youth, know well. Aye,
and he Is right. In sense I sinned
against him as his sister sinned, our
love compelling us. Jest? Nay, no jest,
but because some vision of the night
that he believes the voice of God has
deeply stirred that great soul of his;
or perhaps some oracle of his magic
ians has led him on to this wild ad
venture. Girl, do you know what he
has made of you? Why, there are
Queens in Europe who would be glad to
own that rank and those estates in the
rich lands above Damascus. I know the
city and the castle of which he speaks.
It is a«mightv place upon the banks
of Litani and Orontes, and after its
military governor for that rule he
would not give a Christian—you will
be first in it, beneath the seal of Sa
ladin—the surest title In all the earth.
Say, will you go and queen it there?"
Rosamund looked at the heaped-up,
gleaming gems and the parchment that
made her royal, and her eyes flashed
and her breast heaved, as they had
done by the Church of St. Peter on
the Essex coast. Thrice she looked
while they watched' her, then turned
her head as from the bait of some great
temptation and answered one word
only—"Nay."
"Well spoken," said her father, who
knew her blood and its longings. "At
least, had the 'nay' been 'yea,' you
must have gone alone. Give me Ink and
parchment, Godwin."
They were brought, and he wrote:
"To the Sultan Saladin, from An
drew d'Arcy and his daughter, Rosa
mund.
"We have received your letter, and
we answer that where we are there we
■ will bide in that humble state which
God has given us. Nevertheless, we
thank you. since we believe yuu hon
est, and we wish you well, except in
your wars against the cross. As for
your threats, we will do our best to
bring them to nothing. Knowing the
customs of the East, we do not send
back your gifts to you. since to do so
would be to offer insult to one of the
greatest men in all the world, but if
you choose to ask for them, they are
yours—not ours. Of your dream we
say that it was but an empty vision
of the night which a wise man should
forget. Your servant and your niece."
Then he signed, and Rosamund
signed after him, and the writing was
done up. wrapped in silk, and sealed.
"Now," said Sir Andrew, "hide away
this gear, since were it known that
we had such treasures in the place,
every thief in England would be our
visitor, some of them bearing high
names, I think."
So they laid the gold-embroidered
robts and the priceless sets of gems
back in their coffer, and having locked
it. hid It away in the great iron-bound
chest that stood In Sir Andrew's sleep
ing chamber. •
When everything was finished. Sir
Andrew said:
"Listen now, Rosamund, and you
also my nephews, for I have never told
you the true tale of how the sister
of Saladin. who was known as Zobeide,
the daughter of Ayoub, and after
ward christened into our faith by the
name of Mary, came to be mv wife,
and it is well that you should learn it,
if only to show how evil returns upon
a man. After the great Nur-ed-din
took Damascus, Ayoub was ffiade its
governor; then some three-aria-twenty
years ago came the capture of Harenc.
in which mv brother fell, and I was
wounded and taken prisoner. They bore
me to Damascus, where I was lodged
in the palace of Ayoub and kindly
treated. Here it was. while I lay sick;
that 1 made friends with the young
Saladin, and became accuainted with
his sister Zobeide, whom I met secret
ly in the gardens of the palace, and
although she numbered but half my
years, learned to love. The rest may
be guessed, for she loved me as I
loved her, and for my sake offered to
change her faith and fly with me to
England if opportunity ggould be
found, which was hard.
"Now, as chanced. I had a friend,
a dark and secretive man named Jebal,
the young sheik of a strange and ter
rible people, whose cruel rites no
Christian understands, but who are the
subjects of one Mahomet, in Persia,
and who live in castles at Masyaf, on
Lebanon. This man had been in al
liance with the Franks, and once ii\
a battle I saved his life from the Sara- )
cens at the risk of mv own, whereon,
being stirred to the heart, he swore
that did I summon him from the ends
of the earth he would come to me if
I needed help. Yes. and he gave me
his signet ring in token, and, by vir
tue of it, to he said, power in his
dominions eoual to his own, though
.v.. .... T ,>loU«/j Goo It fa
upon my hand," and he showed them
i a heavy gold ring, in which was set
a black stone, with red veins running
I across the stone in the exact shape of
a dagger, and beneath the dagger
i words cut In strange characters that
none cou'd read.
"To be brief, in my plight. I be
thought me of Jebal, and found means
; to send him a sealed letter with his
i ring. Nor did he forget his promise,
for within twelve days the lady Zobeide
and I were galloping for Beyrout on
two horses so swift that ail the cavalry
1 of Ayoub could not overtake them. We
gained the city and there were wed
i ded, Rosamund, after your mother had
been baptized a Christian. Thence, too,
since it was not safe for us to dwell
in the East, we took ship and came
safe home, bearing this ring of Jebal
with us, for I would not give It up,
as his servants demanded that I should
1 do. save to him alone. But before the
vessel sailed, a man disguised as a
fisherman brought me a message from
Ayoub and his son Saladin, swearing
i that they would yet recapture Zobeide,
the daughter of one of them and sister
of the other.
"That is the story, and > ou see that
their oath has not been forgotten,
though when in after years they
i learned of my wife's death, they
i let the matter lie. But since
i then Saladin, who in those days
was but a noble youth, has become the
greatest Sultan-that the East has ever
known, and having been told of you,
Rosamund, by that traitor Lozelle, he
seeks to take you in your mother's
place, and, girl, I tell you that I fear
him."
"At least, we have a year in which
to prepare ourselves, or to hide," said
Rosamund; "or perhaps much longer,
seeing that this palmer must travel
back to the East before my uncle Sala
din can have our answer."
"Aye," said Sir Andrew; "perhaps we
have a year."
"What of the attack on the quay?"
asked Godwin, who had been thinking.
"The knight Lozelle was named there,
yet If Saladip had to do with it, it
seems strange that the olow should
have come before the word."
Sir Andrew brooded a while, then
said:
"Bring In this palmer. I would
question him."
So the man Nicholas, who was
found still eating as though his hun
ger would never be satisfied, was
brought in by Wulf. He bowed low
before the old knight and Rosamund,
studying them the while with his sharp
eyes, and the roof and the floor, and
every other detail of the chamber—
for those eyes of his seemed to miss
nothing.
"You have brought me a letter from
far away, Sir Palmer, who are named
Nicholas," said Sir Andrew. /
"I have brought you a chest from
Damascus, Sir Knight, but of its con
tents I know nothing. At least you
will bear me witness that it has not
been tampered with," answered Nich
olas.
"I find it strange," went on the old
knight, "that one in your holy garb
should bo chosen as the emissary of
Saladin, with whom Christian men
have little to do."
"But Saiadin has much to do with
Christian men. Sir Knight. Thus he
takes them prisoner even in times of
pe*ice«as h*L o*id me."
"Dsi he, then, take the Knight Lo
zeile prisoner?"
"The Knight Lozelle?" repeated the
rainier. "Was he a big, red-faced man,
with a scar upon his forehead, who al
ways wore a black cloak over his
mail?"
"That might be he."
"Then he was not taken prisoner,
but he came to visit Saladin at Damas
cus while I lay in boods there, for I
saw him twice or thrice, thourh what
his business was I do not know. After
ward he left, and at Jaffa I heard
that he had sailed for Europe three
months before I did."
Now the orethren looked at each
other. So Lozelle was in England.
But Sir Andrew made no comment,
only he svi6:
"Tell me your story, and be careful
that you speak the truth."
"Why should I sneak aught else who
have nothing to hide?" answered Nich
olas. "I was captured by some Arabs
as 1 journeyed to the Jordan' upon a
pilgrimage, who, when they found that
I had ski goods to be robbed of, would
have killed me. This, indeed, they were
about to do. had not some of Saladin's
soldiers come by and commanded
them to hold their hands and give
me over to the*m. They did so, andVthe
soldiers took me to Damascus. There
I was imprisoned, but not straightly,
and then it was that I saw Lozelle, or,
at least, a Christian man \>. ho had some
such name, and, as he seemed to be in
favor with the Saracens, begged him
to intercede for me. Afterward I was
brought before the court of Saladin,
and having questioned me. the SUltan
himself told me that I must either wor
ship the false prophet or die. to which
you can guess my answer. So they led
me away, as 1 thc-ught to death, but
none offered to do me hurt. Three days
I later Saladin sent for me again, and of
fered to spare my life if I would swear
an oath, which oath was that I should
take a certain package and deliver it
to you. or to your daughter named
•the Lady Rosamund, here at your hall
of Steeple, in Essex, and bring back
the answer to Damascus. Not wishing
to die, I said that I would do this, if
never breaks, that I should be set free
afterward."
"And now you are safe in England,
do you propose to return to Damascus
with the answer, and. If so, why?' 5
"For two reasons. Sir Andrew. First,
because I have sworn so to do, and I
do not break my word any more than
does Saladin. Secondly, because I
continue to wish to live, and the Sul
tan promised me that if I failed in my
mission, he would bring about my
death wherever I might be, which I
am sure he has the power to do by
magic or otherwise. Well, the rest of
the tale is short. The chest was hand
ed over to me as you see it, and with
it money sufficient for my facing to
and fro and something to spare. Then
I was escorted to Joppa, where I took
passage on a ship bound to Italy,
where I found another ship named The
Holy Mary sailing for Calais, which
wt- reached after being nearly cast
away. Thence I came to Dover in a
fishing boat, landing there eight days
ago. and having bought a mule, joined
some travelers to L&ndon, and so on
here."
"And how will you return?"
The palmer shrugged his shoulders.
"As best I may, and as quickly. Is
your answer ready, Sir Andrew?"
"Yes; if is here," and he handed him
tIM roll which Nicholas hid away in the
fi.iis of his great cloak. Then Sir An
diow added, "You say you know noth
ing of all the buslners in which you
play this part?"
"Nothing; or, rather, only this—the
officer who escorted me to Jaffa told
me that there was much stir among
the learned doctors and diviners at the
court because of a certain dream which
the Sultan had dreamed three times,
which had to do with a lady who was
half of the blood of Ayoub and half
English, and that my mission was
mixed up with this matter. Now I see
that the noble lady before me has eyes
strangely like those of the Sultan Sa
ladin." And he spread out his hands
and ceased.
"You seem to see a good deal, friend
Nicholas."
' Sir Andrew, a poor palmer who
wishes to preserve his throat unslit
must keep his eyes open. Now I have
.eaten well, and I am weary. Is there
any place where I may sleep, since I
v ould be gone at day ireak, for those
who do Saladin's business dare not
tarry, and I have your letter.."
With one more searching glance the
palmer bowed and went. When the
door closed behind him Sir Andrew
beckoned Godwin to him and whis
pered:
"To-morrow, Godwin, you must take
some men and follow this Nicholas to
see where he goes and what he does,
for of a truth I tell you I do not trust
him—aye, 1 fear him much! These em
bassies to and from the Paynim are
strange traffic for a Christian man.
Also thoufrh he says his life hangs on
it. 1 think that were he honest, once
safe in England there he would stop,
since the first Driest would absolve
him from an oath given under stress
to the intidel."
"Were he dishonest would he not
have stolen those jewels?" a#ked God
win. "They are worth, some "risk-
What think you. Rosamund?"
"I?" she answered. "Oh, I think there
is more in all this than any of us
dream. I think,'.' she added in a voice
of distress and with an involuntary
wringing motion of the hands, "that for
this house and those who dwell in it
time is big with death and destiny,
and that sharp-eyed palmer is its mid
wife. How strange is the coii that
wraps us all about! And ioj now
comes the sword of Saladin to sever
it, and the hand of Saladin to drag me
from my peaceful state to a dignity
which I do not seek; and the dreams
of Saladin, of whose kin I am. to in
terweave my life with the bloody poli
tics of Syria and the dim, uri<>nding
war between cross and crescent, that
are both of them my heritage." Then,
with a woeful gesture, she turned and
left them.
Her father watched her go and said:
"The maid is right. Great business is
afoot in which all of you must bear
your parts. For no little thing would
Saladin stir thus—he who braces him
self as I know well, for the great war
in which Christ and Mahomet, must go
down. Rosamund is right. On her
brow sh'nes the crescent diadem, and
at hr heart hangs the black cross,
and round her struggle creeds and na
tions. Well, well, although I shall not
live to see them, tbose things will
come about that are foredoomed, and.
you, Godwin, and your brother, must
weave your destined threads into this
web of life with that of the "woman
whoifff you • love, as I and Ayoub's
daughter have woven ours. What,
Wulf. does the man sleep already?"
"Like a 'flog, for he seems outworn
with travel."
' Like a dog. with one eye open per
chance. I do not. wish-that he should
give v*» the slip during the night, as
I want more talk with him and other
things, of wh'ch I have spoken" to
Godwin.' % •
"No fear of that, uncle. I have
locked the stable dooT, and a sainted
palmer will scarcely leave us the pres
ent of such a mule." •
"Not he, if I know his tribe," an
swered Sir Andrew, "Now let us. eat
and a/terward take counsel together,
for we shall need it before all is done."
An hour before the dawn next morn-,
ing Godwin and Wulf were up, v nd
with them certain trusted men who
f would be needed. Presently. Wulf,
bearing a lantern in his hand, came
to where his brother stood by the Are
i in the hall.
"Where have you been?" Godwin
, asked. "To wake our guest, the palm
er?"
i "Of a truth,"/ grumbled Wulf, as he ■
came back with the lantern, "that
palmer sleeps as though Saladin had
already cut his throat." Then having
lit it, he returned to the guest place.
"Godwin," he called presently,
"come here. The man has gone!"
"Gone?" said Godwin as he strode to
the curtain. "Gone where?"
"Back to his friend Saladin, I think."
answered Wulf. "Look, that is how he
went." And he pointed to the narrow
window-slit in the wall of the sleep
ing place, whereof the shutter stood
wide, and to an oaken stool beneath,
by means of which the sainted Nicho
las had climbed up to and through it.
"Honest guests do not part from
their hosts thus," answered Wulf; "but
let us go and see."
So they ran to the stable and found
it locked and the mule safe enough
within, nor—though they searched—
could they find any trace of the palm
er—not even a footstep, since the
gorund was frostbound. Only on ex
amining the door of the stable they
discovered that an attempt had been
made to lift the lock with some sharp
instrument.
"It seems he was determined to be
gone, either with or without the beast,"
said Wulf. "Well, perhaps we can
catch him yet," and he called to the
men to saddle up and ride with him to
search the country.
For three hours they hunted far and
wide, but nothing did they see of Nich
olas.
"The knave has slipped away like a
night hawk, and left as little trace,"
reported Wulf. "Now, my uncle, what
may this mean?"
"I know not, save that it is of a
piece with the rest, and that I like it
little," answered the old knight anx
iously. "Here the value of the beast
was of no account, that is plain. What
he held of account was that he should
be gone in such a fashion that none
could follow him or know whither he
went. The net is about us. mv neph
ews, and I think that Saladin draws its
string."
Still less pleased would Sir Andrew
have been, could he have seen the
palmer Nicholas creeping round the
hall while all men slept, ere he gird
ed up his long gown and ran like a
hare for London. Yet he had done
this by the light of the bright stars,
taking note of every window in It,
more especially of those of the solar;
of the plan of the outbuildings also,
and of the path that ran to Steeple
Creek some five hundred yards away.
(Continued Next Sunday.)■Martha Tustin Pattom author of
'•DrifrWood,*' the prize story for this
week, was also a prize win nor two
' weeks ago. M"rs. Pat ton is "a Calif or-;
nian'by birth and residence, living-.at
present. In San Francisco. "Driftwood"
is a San Francisco New Year's story,
an["lntensely human study of child;
life, told with simple, pathos and with
out. -affectation. .
fHF heavy fog spread wraith-like
about the Golden Gate anil ■
swept.softly by the slopes of - the
Twin Peaks, standi guard
over the old Mis.s-i.on Dolorffs*,
gehtly D as with the wahd of a magician,
these twin sentinels parted the heavy
.. curtain, one. portion . folding in .over
lower San Franciscc the other spread
: ihg. but* about the hiiis and .-flats along .
'the': coast of San Mateo. In the Mis
■•.irio'n.'.itsje.lf ; the ; sunlight still lingered;.
V.-this. .favored war mi belt. knowing few
. .of ; the; .discomforts of less favored
neighborhoods 0
The- rays of the blood-red sun
:Struggled" bravely but vainly tod'ssi*
pate..the- gathering gloom.■':.•' -,'•'.
."Over/the graying w ; aters of the bay
a. bush seemed' stealing; the tiny wave- .
letsv murmured, in undertones, as - the .
night "fell darkling, down; the 'wojFid
" seemed; blotted- out. Here'and there,.
starllke:pointS".sprang, up as the lamp-,
.lighters', went -their' rounds. It \vas
.New : Year's .eve; .chilled, ■ belated', shop
... pers.^.dxe.w'-.overcoats and furs * about
•• numbed ears' and- slipped- through 'the
."• ever-thickening-, fog like ghosts, or'
. NCw-Years" long past. The
pavement's Wer6 damp and sloppy, the
eaves." dripped 'upon the* unsuspecting
passers-by,--'the fp'g condensed like fine
mist;' fnfcn- seemed., to spring suddenly -
from..covert's upon each other, avert col
lisions'- with .d'iHculty; mumble excuses
or-curses, as.suited their differing per
sonalities, and drift .again into oblivion,
swallowed tip in a chaos of cloudj -.
'.■'.'Women werit tripping-by. with-uplift
ed." skirts and umbrellas held closely
■ ever lowered heads, a constant menace
. to a "long suffering public, calling forth
• anathema'from their more lrrttabLe fel
low -creatures. • ■ • : . .
.'. Wagons'rattled by, the sound of their
wheels'. upon the cobbles ' dulled and
deadened; : the horsecars jangled'up and
down, missing.; the waiting passenger
who,- standing beside the track,' risked
life and- limb in an effort to attract"
the.'conductor's attention. .
■ Drivers of wagons and cars beat their
hands together, or with.- the backs of
soaked mittens wiped the gathering
moisture from face and beard. .
Far out near the Cliff House the rest
less ocean beat, and the spume .fled far.
up the beach, pursued by each succes
sive wave.
The sand dunes spread their soft,
gray, rounded knolls through the sea
of fog, lonely, desolate, shifting, chang-.
lng ever their shape, to suit the humor
of the winds. '
As night drew on, the fog horns, bells
and whistles clanged, answered and
clanged again. From off the blotted
out waters of the bay, huge monsters
with glaring eyes emerged, signaled to
other monsters, bumped against the
rotting piles and with clanging of bells
and cianklng of chains submitted to be
made captive* and to He breathing and
puffing heavily, while shades fled in
and out unloading and reloading their
freight.
Voices called to other answering
voices, muffled in the thick gray pall.
Occasionally some jolly, invisible gnome
shouted New Year's greeting to a pass
ing friend and laughed with hearty ex
ultation as the friend took mere sub
stantial shape and proved to be the
veriest stranger.
Along the broken, wooden sidewalks
a thinly clad little figure stole, a tiny
violin beneath one arm, each grimy,
claw-like hand thrust into the wrist of
the opposite sleeve, seeking warmth.
The purple knees peeped out from holes
in baggy trousers, which had evidently
seen long and good service upon the
nether limbs of some man of Goliah
like proportions. Turned up in many
folds at the bottom, they flapped about
his feet. His shoes broken and evident
ly rescued originally from some ash
heap, let the water filter through at
every movement; each step fell with a
soaked, squelching sound.
He had quit playing at the street cor
ners some time before; people were too
hurried, too busy making holiday to
listen; the thin "*tle tunes had floated
unheeded on the chill air; the little fig
ure stood unnoticed beside the lamp
post in the raw mist.
He shivered and a racking cough tore
at his vitals as he leaned for support
against a wall. By degrees he made
his weary way, a sad little waif, adrift
on a sea, the shores of which had long
since faded from view.
Amid the slums of Barbary Coast he
halted before a dwelling where the un
curtained windows stared like dull,
bleared, unseeing eyes, and sooty
streaks ran down its front as if these
same eyes had wept untold grimy tears.
From the sidewalk a broken stairway
led to a basement lair, where, in the
dim light of a candle, an-amphibious
.monster could be heard rumbling.
Timidly the claw-like hand stole out
and grasped the rusty railing, the little
feet trod softly down; there in the dim
light .a bristling, hairy man sat. nod
ding,, cursing when awakened by an
unbalancing lurch. At one-- more - des
perate recovery his bleared eyes fell
upon the child, slipping noiselessly in.
With an oath and a wavering plunge
he' had the boy. Unheeding cries for
mercy cr excuses the ready blows fell,
although delivered unsteadily and at
random upon his .wretched body.
"Oh, Ligo! There is this—there is ho
'more—but the 20 cents I have
brought—"
"Pig! Brat of the gutter!"
"Yet—but 5 cents more—believe— "
_"Peace! Son of a pig!"
"Ligo! 1 did but buy a loaf—you
gave me no bread! It was the hunger!
Oh, good Ligo, have mercy!"
"Dog! Beast! You stay the long day
through and bring but 20 cents! You
steal my money and stuff your glutton
belly! Could you not steal the bread?
Why should you pay my money?
Have- I not told you oft to steal or
starve? Brat!"
Again the blows fell relentlessly.
• "Mercy! It is the cough! I cannot
make the music when I cough! Ligo!
Oh, good Ligo! Believe—!"
"Get from my sight, scum of the
streets!"
With a final blow and an added un
steady kick at the writhing form, which
fell short owing to the condition of the
deliverer, the man released the child.
Taking up the silver he secured a bot
tle and staggered up the stairway,
lurching away in the gloom toward
some rendezvous of crime.
The little bruised body crept to an
old mattress, lay down and between
sobs* and cough-racking paroxysms,
with cheek pressed to his beloved vio
lin, slept the sleep of utter exhaustion.
When the night was far spent then
came Ligo staggering and stumbling
home with filled bottle, uttering inco
herent and Indiscriminate curses upon
• the uneven sidewalk and the body of
his unconscious slave, sleeping below.
But the derisive imps of the vine
took sudden toll, his clumsy feet tang
ling in a broken board, he fell head
long down the stairway, his bloated
face striking full upon the shattered
bottle; there the drunken coward lay
and slowly bled to death, unconscious
of his own predicament.
Early on New Year's day the boy
awoke from cough-racked slumber;
taking f p his little violin he stole fear
fully past that awful horror lying so
quietly in the clotted, crimson pool.
With the remnants of that dearly
bought loaf in his pockets he fled from
the place he had called home ever
since, as a tiny child he had been sold,
as veritable a slave as ever dwelt be
low the Mason and Dixon line.
The early morning air was raw, the
fog still held, and spread its cold gray
pall over the awakening city. There
were few abroad; a holiday gave ex
cuse for a renewed snuggling under
warm blankets, a lingering at late
breakfasts, a few extra naps to make
up for hours of revelry on the preced
ing night, a petting and comforting of
aching heads and disordered stomachs,
consequent upon those same hours of
revelry.
The lonely waif made his way to a
favorite corner, his claw-like fingers
clutched, while the little bow drew out
the lilting air of a popular melody; he
shivered, his pinched face grew gray
with suffering, as the elfin, old-young
eyes turned from face to face with cal
culating intensity.
One toil-grimed hand thrust a nickel
into his palm, as its owner growled,
"Here, sonny, run home to your mam
my!"
"Thank, kind sir, of immediately I
go!"
But the shivering form still stood, the
ragtime tune still jigged.
A tiny, stray dog, starving about the
streets, sniffed at his broken shoes, but
when he stooped gently to stroke It,
crouched as if expecting blows.
"Nay, little one!"- he murmured, "fear
not, I will not beat; you and me—to
Following " The Brethren" will appear \ in the Sunday Call, in from two
to four installments each:
'MONSIEUR BEAUCAIRE" "A WHIRL ASUNDER"
By Booth Tar king ton. By Gertrude Atherton.
* * "THE GETAWAY" * *
By Halite Erminie Rives.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
gether we—brats of the gutter!*
Seating himself upon the curb he
fed the crumbs from his pockets to the
dog, then rising wearily, walked on
down Kearny street, followed by the
tottering animal; perceiving this, he
took the little thing in his arms and
made for a shelter he sometimes used
when bad luck and fear of Ligo's wrath
made diplomatic observances neces
sary.
First, he knew there must be food,
both for himself and his helpless pen
sioner. He realized to the full there
was no possibility of return to where It
lay. I
He turned into a butcher shop and
tendering his nickel with a lordly air,
said: "Five cents of the meat, please."
For an Instant the butcher regarded
his customer intently, also the burden
that he bore so carefully, then placing
a slice of beef and a generous cut of.
bologna in a paper handed it, remark
ing: '■
"Here Mounseer Macaroni, never
mind the pay; when you get to be a
millionaire you shall pay me back with
interest."
"Thank, you shall be repay," serious
ly replied the boy.
He entered a bakery next and-from
the hurried saleswoman purchased
bread, then turned intent upon his
refuge.
Outside upon the curbing squatted
some half-dozen newsboys, bundles of
papers neglected for the moment, as
the owners vigorously squabbled in the
intricacies of some mysterious game.
An instant's pause of the waif drew
attention.
"Hi, Dago! Drop that pup!" shouted
one. 1 iiSjl
"Here! Gimme that fiddle! Where'd
ye steal it?"
The band rose as ose boy in pursuit
of legitimate game. Followed by shouts,
catcalls, shrieks ot derision and doubt
ful missiles the child fled down an al
ley; with grunts of mutual approba
tion the young savages returned to
their game; they felt they could safely
leave the routing of the Philistine to
some future occasion.
In an angle of this alley stood a tum
bledown, deserted blacksmith shop,
awaiting the magic touch of Midas for
transformation into a ten-story brick.
Creeping past a broken board, the boy
deposited his burdens upon a bed of
coal sacks and discarded horse blan
k Here was the one spot in all the world
for him. where the wicked ceased from
troubling and the weary could find rest.
Near by lay several battered tomato
cans and a broken dish or two, rescued
from heaven alone knew what ash bin,
and representing the sole housekeeping
stock. One tin contained water; from
this the starved dog lapped eagerly; the
boy offered the raw meat, which the
animal licked but could not eat; turn
ing away it nestled down. The child
rubbed the fog-wet hair as dry as pos
sible, covered the shivering thing In the
blanket, then, ate his own portion of
bread and sausage. As he finished his
meal, "ping" went the violin,, and a
snapped string flew.
"Why this?" apostrophized the boy,
"know you not if I have "not the mu
sic there is no bread for the little one,
or me?".
Then after long, sorrowful gazing at
the tiny dog, he" Whispered:.
"Sleep, little one-'-the meat, it is too
much; it must be milk'; this I will get;
fear not, I will. return."
Repairing the violin as well as possi
ble, although it was now raining stead
ily, he went out into the downpour,
walked a few blocks, and stood play
ing; one from the dozens passing
pressed a dime upon him, as with the
ghost of a smile he said:
"Thank, it is enough."
Hurrying home he secured a tomato
can and intercepted a milkman.
"Five cents of the milk, please."
"Hello, Dago! Sick?" Want it ftr
yourself?" •
"No, me not sick*-fcr my dog It Is!"
he replied, drawing himself r p with the
conscious pride of possession, he, who
never in all this hard world had owned
a thing before.
Thci battered tin filled without
charge, he tottered away, the man
gazed wonderingly after him, then
whipped up his horses and drove away,
his conscience at peace.
Why should he trouble? It was none
of his business. There was some one
surely to look after the child; no use
getting mixed up In other people's af
fairs. . •
The boy offered the milk, rejoicing to
see . the animal lap;, a little sufficed,
then the two bits of flotsam curled .
down together and slept, the rain beat
ing a lullaby on the broken shingles
above their heads. All that day the
wild rain poured in- torrents, such a
deluge as only San Francisco can pro
duce.
Late in the afternoon the child awoke
and tried to induce his companion to
eat; feebly the tiny tail wagged, while
the soft brown eyes gazed adoringly
into eyes as brown, that pleaded; then
with a lick of his benefactor's grimy
hand, the little bunch of draggled hair
and bones, looking so like a remnant of
door mat, stretched wearily out, shiv
ered once or twice —and died.
The child continued to stroke ths lit
tle head for some time, hoping for
some sign of recognition, but the affec
tionate brown eyes were dull and
glazed.
He gazed sorrowfully at the can of
milk, the scattered remnants of food.
then realizing his pet would never need
them more, the heart that h.vd made
such a brave fight ' suddenly broke;
throwing himself down with an inar
ticulate, gasping cry, he moaned him
self into insensibility: ,
Rousing later, he felt for his violin.
The rain had swollen and warped it, the
strings lay broken, never again could
it pulsate to the jigging ragtime or the
soft melodies of his own forgotten land.
He laid it tenderly aside, as some
thing irrevocably sacrificed upon an
altar of necessity, where all else in his
short life had come to lie; then he
carefully wrapped the blanket mechan
ically about the little stiffened dog, cud
dled down beside it, drew it snugly
into his arms, and between paroxysms
of coughing, stroked its head.
When the dawn of the new day
broke over the city by the Golden
Gate the fog had sped, the bay sparkled,
in the sunshine, the glad New Year
was fairly ushered in; the workaday
world once more took up its burdens.
The sunshine struggled through the
grimy windows of the shop, where the
bruised and tortured forms lay at peace
behind the crumbling forge. *
The fragments of driftwood had
floated in with the tide.I Copyright, 1904, by* Charles- DTyden.."
f~ry HIRTY -CENTS in -.Galveston
. J-* street car-tickc-ts is not* afferr '
« I*, vent -working, capital with which
to begin life anew at Houston or.
any other given point in Texas..' Lady
authors on "How to Live on 92 Cents
Per Week" might deem that sum colos
sal! Jjut don't you believe them. I tried
■if 'onee <5 and would not make ;a. simil-ar'
att->mp*t, now that my habits of- living
have changed,.with less than 40 t;ents'..
The-tickets'-came to me ; as recom':
pense tor two hours' work .with a shovel
©ri-the.'car tracks at'
which.-.at the. request of the 'boss; " I-.
took''ayt-ransfer'-jn.the trucks tv Hons
'tcHC'-. AtVthe time an era pf • feciprority.
• r.ag.Vd. between, thpse;; two cities.. : : Th 6 .
.gr.eeri .ticket of Galyeston.'was good for.
V»^H{tV-h'e'f , .r.'an'd rides'.at Houston- and
-• -thj; blue.- siips-.-of. .the -were,
l-jkewis'e honored'at' the -Thus'
I-'ivar-fairly we.U -heeled six.
V'-ek-.ets lasted. .."•'••*
:' f-W.'htg.-tb the. skinny, state J of. my
finances I tvent- back- to the stage plank
d'et—.slabs of dry ..gingerbread- at one.
nc.kft'.ea.ch- • .There, is. always an abpn-
of *%yate*F : at* H'-mstori. more, than
.-.was - needed to. wash ", down the bread,
but- I:-managed to find cozy sleeping
. c|.U"a*rt*er*s. in a dry ..culvert on one of -the
-. -grswied 'streets. The name of the street;
. hajs s'.ipped my memory, yet most any
. boy -Placed, as I was can easily Locate
Fables tor the foolish
ON SWEARING OFF
\%'\\ ;ilE' first day. of January Is the
|- ; occasion for every-.man who. has
jdone . something- that he is,
I \ ■■ ashamed of <Jr • ought to be to
[;. take unto himself a, mighty:bath
|'that he will henceforth: and forever-:
| rpor'e - : abstain from; all' reprehensible
| whatsoe-ver This *s a- very
| good thing and should be encouraged,
['but. somehow far" back .-in- the. remote .•
[ re-cesses of our 'cardiac apparatus we
| "cahnotr-get >.o' excited. oyer this partic-
i uia.r. species of -'.Tefbr-rriation;'-..as we
.probably should. ' In the firsts, place,:
w'e-.-have- seen too much of - this 1 weary
world .of care and other unpleasant
things not to know that a. .registered
vow taken in the middle ©E tlie. -n;i.ght
or.the cold gray dawn of the morning
after is ont of the easiest things .to I
C TTTTvnvrTF Fa tm\f \t ™ WISXFl OF WOMAN "
DERE is just\one ting- I; wants
and can't get. . A .silk, dicer, a
lid, a bonnet, Mr. Paul has'
lots of 'em. ibu '.his Jap : valet
' grabs 'em off of Mr.'Paul; as fast
as dey gets-a little-on <io blink; arid l
never gets a look 'in on .'a lM:Of dat
kind.
It's a funny ting about dat ",. Jap—:
and all of''em—dat he'd radder wear
a silk lid dan hear of ariodder wal
loping-of Cory Pat McCanri 'by Fuja
mama. Mr. Paul's valet has a name
of his own dat would loose every toot
the culvert- if he needs .it.- and -he
doubtless wiil.
• The only.ii on foundry at Houston had
closed -down for want of work, and I
was about to do the same at. the end of
two days. But one ticket remained in
my-touring fund, ajid I squandered that
for-'mdn" bread. On the -morning of the
third day .1 moped around the streets
like a hen with the'pip.. It was raining
plenty and.l lurked in'the shelter of a
sidewalk awning, thinking pensively of
the, (food that by' nightfall would be
racing- through my late dry culvert. The
spark-.of Hope* flickered but faintly in
my. damp bosom, when my eye caught
a % Men- Wanted for the
Country: Apply-' l-'pstairs-." "I • applied
swiftly at a'glass door . bearing this
legend' "in' ornate; gold .letters:' -"Mr.
Paul 'Beau-monty Eastern and < West
■ fern Texas- Narrow' Gauge . Railroad
Company, Limited.-". The name was al
most "as wide and' nearly as long as
the-railroad, but 1 didn't-know this at
the time.' '.-" .
'. The- only person visible in the office
.was. , air oily -looking elderly creatnre —
o.he of those vain men, who suspects
that- his : Hair is early, a.pd does things
! to strengthen the suspicion. This man's
hair was if on gray—streaks pf black
and white smeared with grease, and
tousled , into the semblance of . shoft'
.curls.: T}ie whole effect suggested a
mass of fried onions, arid made me so
hungry" I a' mos t forgot what .1 came
- for. ~ .: ••• '. . .. .-.
■ break of which human consciousness
takes note: It is .not that men are
intentionally dishonest; few men are
that, and even- they = won't admit it;
. but it is such a simple matter to for
. get just .what One meant in the orig
• 'ferial : instances.' : A great deal.depends
:0n the interpretation of. oaths, as well
;• as of. constitutions/
jlf it Were necessary .we could give
; some startling statistics on this* sub
ject selected at .first hand, but this is
; not ari : autobiography and for that and
. for other, reasons we shall, restrain our
- youthful-..impetuosity. . Instead we shall
; offer a few. Well chosen remarks on the
.career of a friend of ours, the late J.
Water Wagort. Dreams and names
. .usually go by contraries; which is the
explanation of the cognomen which
yvas tacked oh to this poor sufferer—
. from ehrpnie thirst. From early morn
; . ing until late at night he was busy with
BY EDTOUtD W, WWNSmb-
i in your 'head to try to say, so I calls
him Toklo to save-dentist bills. Well,
,-. Tokio, he grabs off all de silk dicers
: dat. Mr; Paul calls in, and what he
don't ; wear himself he passes out at
: a*, profit to the odder Jap Valets he
' runs wit!" So I never gets a chance at
'em. But I taught I had a cinch on
. one' de odder day. Miss Fannie she
. gives a music gale—what's dat? A
. musicale? Well, if dats de name of
de show let It go at dat, but I always
taught it was a music gale. It's more
like it. Anyway, Miss Fannie she gives
one of 'em, and dere was profesh all
over de house singing Dutch opera
and playing sweltzer tings on de piano
till I wondered wedder we wa» on de
Nort River or de Rhine.
What's de matter wit American
music? I wasn't de only one who
was asking dat question, for after do
forn profesh had sung all de Leber
Augustlnes dere was In dere box of
tricks and de long-haired piano Char
ley had knocked de wires out of the
machine and dey had all got delr good
little old checks for long green and
gone off for deir frankforters and
beer, de gents gets togedder in the
tmoking-room and says dat for de
real ting in music de songs of Broad
way beat any band dat ever come over
from Chermany. t
Mr. Paul says he had de greatest
American songster off de stage right
dere; and if de gents wanted to hear
de real article he'd try and oblige.
Dey all says "Sure!" and "Hear,
hear!" and Mr. Paul stops me pulling
de plugs from pints and says,
"Chames," he says, "oblige de com
pany wit your original plaintive nar
rative opus- obligato in six flats and
four sharps, entitled, 'When de Day's
Work Is Done.''"
• .Say, dats de song I used to sing
.to me. own kiddie, as well, as to little
' Mi BB Fahhie, when de noise couldn't
get de sand man. to come. It's all
igNpn and Off the Bread Wagon
arid Doings of* an .Aina"tetirIIol>o
'What is It, boy?" the oily man
harshly inquired.
"I'm looking for work, sir," I replied,
gazing fascinated at his fried onions.
He must have taken my glance for
ope of profound admiration. His man
ner softened, and, after sizing me up,
he said 1 didn't look much like a work
ing man. That wasn't my fault, I said,
and then told him all my troubles.
•Poor boy!" he said, in such a sad
way I could have wept over my own
misfortunes. "Really, you are not
able to work after those hardships.
Your system is all run down. What
you need is some light occupation—
a mild diversion, as it were, to take
your mind off yourself and tone you
up. We have the very place for you."
"Where is it?" I asked, ready to
' shed tears of joy and gratitude.
"At our railroad camp in Polk
County, seventy-five miles from here.
Splendid scenery, nice surroundings,
pure air and fine board. We will pass
you out on the railroad and pay you
$1 50 per day and deduct 50 cents for
board. The train starts in an hour.
Are you ready to go?"
Was I ready? Well, guess yes.
When he wrote out the pass I gal
loped all the way to the station. I
traveled in my baggage and made
good time. A little jerk-water narrow
gauge engine and one coach com
prised ."the train and I took a front
seat in the car. The trip to Living
ston oonsumed most of the day, ow
ing to numerous stops at new settle
ments of small and mangy aspect.
When the conductor punched my tick
et he wanted to know why I went to
Livingston.
"To wof-k ©n the railroad," I said
proudly. ■.
"You'll stay just long enough to get
back.", he retorted with a brutal
laugh.
I.didn't understand him then, but
later on his meaning struck me in a
lump and the blow was a cocker.
Shortly before dusk we reached
Livingston, Polk County, Tex., and
halted for the night, "as the track end
ed there. That was the jumping-off
place. So far as I could see the bus
his self-appointed task of suppressing
the demon rum. The amount he sup
pressed in the course of an ordinary
workfng day would have floated a good
sized rowboat and in a year he put the
quietus on enough to have carried a
battleship over the bar. This is all the
more startling when you consider that
it was all carried over the bar by J. W.
in the first instance.
Of course there were times when
J. W. had moments of repentance, but
• not for long. The man who doesn't
wake up in the morning with, a bold,
bad taste in his mouth and pause in
his career long enough to wish that
he could be good, at least till his head
stopped aching, is more—or less—
than human. The thing which re
stores our belief that human nature
is still doing busines at the old stand
is the fact that men can still be sorry
for their misdeeds. To be sure, it
doesn't prevent them from going out
right to put kids to sleep wit, but dat
isn't de effect it has on grown-ups. I'd
sing it to you now, only de cops would
run me in for creating a distoibance.
Dis is de way the wolds go—if I
hasn't told you before:
"Wan morning early Oi arose,
And Oi puts on me working close,
And where in de woild dye tink OI
goes—
Up, up, up, up,
To a Hundred and Ninety-sixt
street."
Den de song goes on to tell how de
felly hasn't de price of a ticket to ride
back home in de Nint ward by Sub
way or Elevated, so he walks home,
and when he gets dere it's time to
start back again, and so all de time
he isn't woiking he's walking to woik
and back, and never getting a chance
to eat, drink or go to bed, he saves all
his wages until he gets enough to buy
a big brown-stone front and run for
Alderman.
Well, say, after about de fort verse,
when de gents was next to de chorus,
and could sing it in time and tune,
we were having more of a music gale
dan they had upstairs in de music
room, and more fun. too.
I knows dat de gents had a good
time from de size of de tips day yield
ed up to me; and right dere was where
I seen a silk dicer floating my way.
I had more dan de price all right—but
I didn't get de lid.
When I sees Duchess after de ball
was over she says, "Was de house on
fire down in de smoking-room, or was
dere only murder?"
"On your way, woman!" I says, "it
was me singing.' m
"Indeed," she says, hoisting her
eyebrows; "I taught it was a riot."
"De gents didn't tink so, smarty," I
says.
"How did you know?" she says.
"Dey may said polite tings about you,
but dey couldn't been amused by a
THE SAN FRANCISCO v SUNDAY CALL.
By Cliarles Dryden
tling city of Livingston comprised
much swamp, three box cars standing
on a siding and some tiny log huts in
the bushes. In the few places clear of
water a fellow could get all the mud
he wanted and then some. I was the
only passenger who played the train
to the limit, and when I alighted a
large man in a red flannel shirt
seemed by instinct to know just what
to do with me.
"See that cabin?" he said, pointing
to a' hut at the edge of the clearing.
"That's where you sleep. Now go to
the cars and get your supper. I'll heed
you in' the morning."
Two of the boxcars formed the dining
hall, fitted up with rough board tables
and benches spiked to the floor. In the
third car, which was coupled to the
others, a dope-dazed Chinaman dream
ed' he was the cook. Supper being over,
the Chinaman brought me a tin platter
of cold salt pork and corn bread. I ate
the whole business and would have
asked for more only I didn't know the
cook very well. After cleaning out
the banquet hall, I groptd among
stumps and puddles to the cluster of
icg huts. Campfires burned In front of
the doors, lighting up groups of mud
dy, shaggy men, who looked like pi
rates, smoking and swearing in the
weird glare.
In the doorway of the hut assigned
to me, and which stood apart from the
others, sat a man of giant skeleton
frame, with his face burled In his bony
hands. He appeared to be thinking.
His huge feet were sprawled out
toward a pile of blazing sticks. On
hearing me approach he peered up
through his fingers, still keeping his
features concealed.
"Who sent you here, bub?" he
growled.
"The big man in .the red shirt," I
said, apologetically.
"That's the boss. Did he say anything
about the Prize Beauty?' 1
"Ho did not," I replied, beginning to
feel shared. "Who might he be?"
"Me!" said the skeleton, with a hor
rible laugh. "I'm a free show in these
parts. Look!"
Removing his hands, he exposed his
face to the firelight. Under each ey<*
was a wide, crescent-shaped scar, fully
two inches long, with the points turn
ed upward. Another scar, clean cut
and regular, passed along below his
chin and extended from ear to ear.
'in the middle this gash was at least
thfee inches wide, and, like the oth
ers, was of a dull red in a setting .of
sickly white. My hutmate certainly
was a Prize Beauty.
"That is what they call me here,"
he said, as if reading my thoughts,
"and I'll tell you about it. The other
fellows know, and I'll give it to you
straight, only don't laugh. Sit there
on that stump and listen. Now, then,
first off, have you ever been In love?"
Feeling it safer to tell the truth, I
said that Mr. Cupid's dart had not yet
pierced my tender vitals.
"Don't ever be in love, my boy," he
went on mournfully. "There's nothing
in that game. I was in love once, and
all I got out of it was a face like com
ets shooting across the milky way. The
lady lived in Indiana, and at the time
we met I weighed 360 pounds. Looked
like a prize Berkshire hog at the coun
try fair. She said she couldn't marry a
fat man, so I went in for anti-fat. I
owned a drug store and kept the stuff
in stock. Well, the medicine pulled me
down as thin as I am now and left me
a holy show. Two pouches of loose skin
hung beneath my eyes, like buckskin
purses, and the flap of waste hide un
and committing more right on top of
their remorse, but it's a good thing
just the same.
In the course' of time our friend
J. W. took upon himself a wife and
began to give an imitation of a man
living a sober and respectable life.
That is to say, he went to church, at
least when his wife had a new bonnet
or his cigars had given out, and he
did hia dissipating quietly and in or
der behind the closed doors of his
highly respectable club, along with
other decent members of society. It
was not that he behaved himself more
but that he didn't let so many people
find out about it. Of course Mrs. J.
W. was dead on to J. W.s shortcom
ings—although she would probably
have called them longcomings. The
man who thinks that women don't
have a pretty clear idea of what their
husbands are doing isn't very well
acquainted with the sex. She knew
distoibance of de peace."
"Couldn't dey!" I says, getting hot
In de collar. "Well," says I, "do you
call dese tings polite remarks, or are
dey long green? Is dese tings proof
dat your husband can outslng any
Cherman spieler dat ever come over
on a ten-dollar steerage ticket, or
net? Maybe I was only distoibing de
peace, but If I was, somebody else
paid de fine."
Dats what I said, being stuck on
meself. I'll never be anything but a
farmer If I live to be as old as one of
Mr. Depoo's youngest stories. Duchess,
she kind of felt for de long green I
was making such a front wit, she kind
of annexed It, and she kind of sunk it
in her Jeans —and dat was de finish
of it for yours truly.
"I'll keep dis, Master Cheems," she
says. "You are so foolish a young
man dat you are not to be trusted wit
money. I suspected dat you was making
tips down dere when I hears your voice
going up, up, to de Harlem, so I Just
jollied you to make you show de stuff;
gave you a con talk to make you flash
de goods so I could get my pretty
hands on 'em. So foolish a person, one
to say flim-flammed out of his tips,
must not be let to keep money; so your
dear wife will hold de stakes for you
till you get wise—as wise as your wife."
If man wasn't so easy made a fool of
by a woman he would have an easier
Job proving how much wiser dan
woman he Is. If I had kept all de tips
Duchebs has touched me for, if I had
salted away half of de boodle I has lost
to dat woman because I gets chesty
when she is only getting wise, I'd have
a bank roll so big dat it would be a
shame to own it. I suppose dats de rea
son dat a man is made to tink dat he is
wiser dan woman, is to make it easier
for -voman to woik him. Woman isn't
built to woik very hard, and as she has
mostly to woik man, de good Lord
made him so easy to woik dat it seems
tier my chin would half-sole a pair of
boots. The lady never would have me
in that shape, so I went to Indianapolis
and hired a beauty doctor to skin me."
"Did he do you up like that?" I in
quired in shocked accents.
"Not quite. The job was all right at
first. The scars on my eyes scarcely
showed, and my neck bore a thin red
mark. Looked like I had worn a hat
with a rubber band under the chin, kid
fashion. The lady warmed up right
away, and the love business was boom
ing until I started to get fat. That put
an end to love's young dream and
drove me forever from the haunts of
females."
Here the Prize Beauty bent his head
in silent anguish, while I sat and shiv
ered and waited for the end.
"The flesh kept piling up on me in
spite of anti-fat, or anything else. That
.drug had lost its grip, and I soon went
up to 300 pounds. The loose skin the
beauty doctor cut away left my face
cramped for room. I couldn't shut my
eyes, and the wide hem taken up under
the chin drew my head forward, till I
could see nothing but the ground with
eyes that never closed. On top of this
awful affliction the lady I loved sent
word that she heard I had lost a nickel
in boyhood and was out looking for It.
At last she expected me, because I
walked with my head down and eyes
wide open.
"Her-cruel sneer stung me, mostly in
the places where I had no skin. I sent
a farewell note to the fickle maiden,
sold the drug store and flew the coop.
Worry and despair pulled the fat off
me again, but the strain on the cuts
was so great they stretched and never
closed up. I'll never be any better," he
added sadly. 'This is a good place for
me and here I stay. Time now to go
to bed. Climb In."
Vastly moved by this story of beauty
and spurned affections, I wriggled into
a bunk that contained the same "kind
of bedding they give a horse. Lodgers
in railroad camps furnish their own
bedding, and I had forgotten mine. The
night turned cold, and I would have
suffered much but for the heat gener
ated in my system thinking of the oily
haired villain at Houston who had
Steered me into that den of luxury and
mild diversion. At daylight all hands
were routed out to a breakfast of fat
pork, dried apples and coffee. The
Chinaman was at his worst in the cof
fee line. After breakfast I was handed
a shovel and loaded with the gang on
to a string of flat cars pushed by a
dinky engine. In a narrow cut of yel
low clay, which the rain had washed
upon the track, the workers were
dumped off into the ditches on either
side of the road and ordered to shovel
mud. The water covering the mud had
frozen a thin sheet of Ice over night,
and when I jumped I bogged down to
my knees in the chill mass. I looked at
the other fellows. Light occupation
seemed to be their regular business, so
I bored in and dug with the best of
them.
The tops of the flat cars on which
we piled the yellow muck stood level
with our faces. In order to discharge
a shovel load it was necessary to bang
the shovel edge on the car. The ef
fect was like dropping a decayed
pumpkin off a tall building. Gobs of
smeary yellow goo squirted in all di
rections. It lodged in my eyes, ears
and hair and plastered my clothes
from top to bottom. After loading
the cars the engine towed them to
another place, where we pushed the
mud overboard and went back for
all the time that J. W. was punishing
the year's output of the distilleries
pretty severely every night he went
down to the club, but, being a wise
woman, she held her peace, thanking
her favorite constellations meanwhile
that he kept out of the police station
and always remembered to tell the
right street and number to the cab
man when the club was closed.
The years wore slowly away and for
a while It appeared as though the house
of Mrs. J. W. was built on exceedingly
unstable sand. But the end came at
last. J. W. arose one morning of a
■ certain cold December day with a head
like an overloaded barrel and a general
feeling that the universe was a misfit
and that all the inhabitants thereof
were united in an endeavor to make his
life miserable. Also he discovered that
his hands didn't seem to have any very
definite relation to the rest of his body.
Each separate and distinct hair on his
queer she isn'jt ashamed to tom such
an easy trick.
But I was going to tell you about me
fren de Jap valet. Dat mug spends
most of his time reading a book by
Billy—no, not Billy, but anodder Emer
son named Ralph Waldo. I don't think
he was In de minstrel line like Billy;
anyway when de Jap give me one of
his books to read I didn't see no good
end-man jokes in it. It was funny, all
right; but Tokio tells me dat It wasn't
meant to be funny.
"What is it, den?" I asks him.
"It's philos'phy," he says,
"What kind of a flim-flam game is
dat?" I says.
"It's a speculation on de nature of
tings," he says right off de reel, like
he knew what de woids meant.
"You didn't have to read no book
to do dat?" I says. "Tings," I says,
"is tings, and dey stays tings wedder
you speculates on 'em, or buys 'em
right out, and puts 'em in safe deposit.
Anyway, it's a farmer's game to specu
late. I heard Whiskers say dat de
only way to do is to pay for what you
get; put up no margin, but pay de
whole price, and den you don't care
if de market for de tings goes down.
All dat you has to do Is to wait for it
to go up again. Tings must go up,
sometimes, oi» dere would be noplace
for 'em to go down to.
late, Tokio," I says to him, for he is a
good sort and I like him. "Take
an American's advice, and don't specu
late, no matter what dis mug Emerson
says. Don't take de bait in you mout
while de bait Is still on de hook. Take
de bait off the hook, and den it will
taste better, and you won't get such
a sore mout."
"You mistake," says Tokio. "De
tings dat yhilos'phers speculate about,
or on, la not material tings; not reai
tings, not tings wit substance."
"Oh." I says, "I tumble, now.
more. When the noon hour came I
resembled the statue of some great
general In the modeling stage. All I
needed was a sword in place of the
shovel. The only spot clear of mud
was my mouth, and I filled that with
fried pork.
Work in the afternoon was much
the same, except the late March air
was not so keen. The supply of mud
held out. in fact, it oozed into the
cut as fast as we hauled it away, and
1 beheld enough gentle diversion amid
pleasant surroundings to be the death
of me. The Prize Beauty was not at
work that day. I found him in the
cabin door after supper peeling off
his scalped face and looking at the
fire. He asked me how I liked the
place. I said I'd go back to Houston
in the morning.
"Not this time, bub," he said, kind
ly. "It's seventy-five miles to Hous
ton and the rate is 10 cents a mile.
They pass a fellow out here and he
must pay his way back. Thai takes
$7 50. The least you can do it in is
eleven days, including two Sundays,
for which board is charged. Nine
days' work, if it doesn't rain, bring
you Sl3 50, and eleven days' board at
50 cents per, comes to $5 50. De
ducting $7 50 for railroad fare, you
may, if you live, return to Houston in
about two weeks with a net profit of
50 cents."
The facility with which the Prize
"I FOUND COZY SLEEPING QUARTERS IN A DRY CULVERT."
BY NICHOLAS *
> NEMO*
head seemed to be making an earnest
effort to stick as far as possible into
his skull and his face felt as though it
belonged to some one vise and was
about three inches too small to fit him.
His first idea was that he had better
die at once and have it done with.
Than, on more mature consideration,
he concluded that he would give him
self another chance. Mrs. J. W. being
informed of the state of affairs ordered
dry toast and weak tea to be put on
the ways and sent out for the family
appendix-amputator. The latter looked
J. W. over and punched him in two
or three places where he thought it
would hurt most. Then he put on his
glasses, screwed up his face and in
formed him that if he would confine
his gastronomic operations to infant
food and beef tea there was a chance
that he might live another year. Ex
tract of corn was not included in the
list of prescribed nutriments.
Ghosts, eh? Well, I has known mugs
dat speculated on ghosts, and dey is de
easiest frens I has to locate—dey is
all in de bughouse now. In de 'sylums,
See? Cut it out, Tokio. You is a
good boy, and can drink a glass of
beer like a real American. Cut out de
ghosts, or you'll be seeing tings dat
isn't dere. Have nottlng to do wit
philos'phy, if dats its game. Opium
is easier, and you have de smoking of
it. I'll loan you me copy of Billy
Emerson's Song Book. It'll do you
more good, and when you have loined
de woids I'll teach you de tunes, and
we'll give a concert to de help."
Tokio looked like he would go an
odder round wit me and see could he
get his ideas into me capo, but I dis
couraged him. "It's no use, Tokio,
mo boy," I says to him. "I know what
you are up against now, only I didn't
know its polite name was philos'phy.
In America we calls one kind pipe
dt earns and anodder kind crankism.
Dey is all de same ting. Also, Tokio,
dey leads to de same kind of wuzzi
ness. Cut it all out. It comes from a
bad liver. You are not taking enough
exercise, me boy. Put on two over
coats and come wit me for a ten-mile
fast walk down de Post Road. No
body on cart ever speculated on de
nature of tings while he was in a
good sweat from open air exercise.
Dere isn't a man in a bughouse in de
woild dat ever rode horseback or
played golf or sawed wood regular.
Tings dat Isn't real wasn't made to be
speculated on. Walk around a block
to get rid of seeing a ting dat can't be
seen. Dey may be all right for mugs,
dat can see double, but for plain,
sober taxpayers de woist dat can hap
pen is to snarl up his tinking machine
about tings dat isn't.'
"But," says Tokio, butting in, "if we
do not study philos'nhv. how can we
know what is?"
Beauty did mental arithmetic in and
around in affairs made me ill. But he
was right. They had me canned in the
swamp, and the only way out was to
dig it with a shovel. I went to bed in
my muddy clothes a blighted, blasted,
ruined mechanic. Anyhow, I could
eat while working out my sentence, and
that was a better prospect than walk
ing back to Houston.
Comforted by this view of the case,
I fell asleep, and remained that way all
night, in the morning 1 was unable to
move, and thought I had become para
lyzed from overwork, anxiety and wor
ry. But ft was merely the clothes. The
heat of my body caked the mud .with
which the garments were smeared, and
I was in a plaster cast. This pleasing
discovery cheered me much, and as the
day was Sunday, and bright and warm,
I spent most of the time beating the
mud armor off myself with a club. The
Prize Beauty showed me how, as he
was on to all the niceties of camp life.
He had spent years at the business,
and said he would end his un'.iappy
days in gummy seclusion. This victim
df unrequited love worked one week
and loafed two on the proceeds. That
was his system.
A rugged constitution and an appe
tite of the same enabled me to survive
my career in Mr. P. Beaumont's
swamp. At the end of two weeks I
headed for Houston to invest my 60
cents net nr..fit..
After hearing this verdict J. W. re
verted for a moment, to his original in
tention of dying quietly and graceful
ly. Death and the prospect the doctor
held out seemed very much alike to
him anyway. Then he concluded that
he would see what a sober life would
seem like, for the. sake of the scientific
aspects of the experiment if for no
other reason. In other words, he swore
off. That's all there is to the story.
J. W. is still true to his name.
All of which leads us to the im
portant conclusion that a New Year's
resolution 13 not so much a matter of
moral reformation as it is of physical
deterioration. Most men determine to
be good only when they can't afford to
be bad any longer. We would also
conclude that the paths of virtue are
crowded with people whose feet have
grown tender from treading other
roads.
Copyright, 1904, by Albert Britt.
"Tut!" I says. 'You philos'phera
are not trying to find out what is; you
are rubbering to And out what isn't.
Dat way—tp de bughouse!"
(Copyright, 1904, by Edward W.
Townsend.)(Jottin&s of Old Lim gJucklirt^>
gam
a a • LOVE for gambliri' was born
/ I about the ..time that human
: (.' I natur-i first opened jts' oyes.
X A disnositi.en : to steal some
; -thing.was -born just a few
mbmehjM before,' but a man may gam-
Die <md .:not be a thief.'. There is -sUch
a-thing as ah Honest gamber. that , is,
i gambler who. is' willi-ng to give a
man .•• fait' iehance—-to lose his money,
liie gambleri wants your money'ahd it
un't mUoh trouble for him to accom
modate his.coiuVcienee as to the. way
hee geu it. -jf' is. sharper than you'
are-.he voin'pTiiiien.ts himself with th-J
[act that'he und.irsta.nds his business,
wi.i 'eVery. nia ii -.that -has a trade, likens
:o know its-- details better than the
Oliver man'-does.":.
.! hus • spoke' Old Limiiel to a few
tritnoa \\ ho- were .about tne
nivß/de : s:i the ju kiin home.
\, iil'd was .howling -and the'snow Ksa
tuie'diiefl sheets [ vv.as flying pcist the
\. jwuwfj. • • • ' . -*t
"But yoii d'onH believe that all.gamb
lers are thte\;'es'.'" : remarked-oid 'man
Lir.iziir.line. '• ..'/.- • .
•"i sajd .I.didn't. .'But there ain't
n64hin*".ti-'ut. will;strain a mans hbn-'
esly more than sra-mbhn' will. - '
'• "That's'been preached on many a
time/- Brizir-.-jne -spake.up.. "Hut 1
never gambKd in my life and—"..
''And you. don't know just how far
ypu are .holiest," Lin broke in.
.'I don't, know" that. 1 understand
you."' -' • "'•;'. .
•Didn't' 'tnlnjfe- you did," '.replied
Jii'i.klin. " But I ;eaji uxplain. The.
.map. that gambles has more tempta
tions to sieal than any- other man.
When he has lost everything a strong
resentment arises against- life.. It is.
i!rijpst impossible fd'- him to believe
that he h, been-fairly beaten-and if
li i is broad' enough to acknowledge
11jiK. he then questions fate for her
one-sidedness. He wants, to know
whait right- Fhe|s got to discriminate
so ..gainst hart. It-has been said that
.til rmen: are natural gamblers and it
•.iay be'-true\ for the most of us have
had• to fight a.'.ainst it. '; '
I nfortuhately for man. work was
put oh nim 'a's a curse. The fact is it
enjiobles him... but he accepted it as a
curse.; And.when his brother has com
mitted a crime/ not .grave enough to
hang him,-he says:; i will: sentence you
to-work.' In the,okb?r. times a man that
worked wasn't respected as much as
the'highwayman.. They hanged the rob-,
ber-.'it is»true. but they respected him
more than they did the man that han
dled the hoe; And the gambler is a sort
of social highwayman. I don't say he
is a bad feller. . In many instances he
persuades himself to believe that his
profession is rieht. He puts up his
money, takes chance', and if he wins
he has come by the money as honestly
as if he had d.ug in the ground for it— .
he thinks. And as long as he wins he
A GOLDEN LINK
(Copyright, 1904, by T. C. McCi ire.)
*r™jfOL,LbW .this .path, ma'am,
L-l and you will find the hous.?."
I V explained the coachman as he
X drew up before the stately
utone gates of- Ell'esmere Abbey. "Car-,
are. not , permitted inside the
grounds, but visitors on foot can walk
through: and. view the lake and ter
races."
Th? path, leaving the driveway., led
between sturdy oaks through whose
branches the flickering sunlight fell
in . golden shadows, oaas that had
stood for generations, the pride of the
ccunty. Mrs. Lincoln and her daugh
ter walked slowly forward, exclaim
ing in delight at the grand old trees,
until a sudden fork in'the path caused
them to-halt-in-spme perplexity.
"Although, as- the caterpillar said, if
you don't care. where you are going,
it cannot matter much wiich way
you go," laughed Ethel Lincoln. "And
both look attractive," she added. As
they hesitated, a' young man, clad, in
knickerbockers and carrying a gun,
came 'down one of the paths. Mrs.
Lincoln Jooktfd relieved..
"Here- is "a gamekeeper, or poacher,
or something,"' she said. "He can
probably tell us. which is the best
way to go."'
The man. who ".had stopped on see
ing the "two ladies, no w came toward
them> lifting.his battered cap.
"Can .1 be of any service?" he in
quired. His voice -wa3 prepossessing,
and Airs. Lincoln'assented.
"We are anxious to see the house
and the lake," she said: "Could you
direct us bow to reach them?"
"The right-hand . path will take you
directly to the house," he answered
civilly. "And the lake —the lake is a
bit out of the way"— he paused a mo
ment, then went on—"I belong here,
and "if you would care to have me
3how you about " .
"Mrs. Lincoln smiled kindly.
"If you would be So good."
Ethel Lincoln, wandering somewhat
behind the others, was enchanted with
the place. The lovely mere, laden
with heaVy white lilies, the hrillinnf
may :be honest.
But his principles
undergo a change
when he begins to
lose. Then he
<jin't help-, feelin'
that he is giv.in'
the. other feller
too much show.
VVhen he has lost
all. he must have
money in to
tarry on his busi
ness. Suppose he
Is employed to
collect.- money-—
suppose he is in a
bank. If ha re
frains fr.om takin'
money to gamble
with, he is hon?st
—desperately hon
est, you might
say. And he may
rofrain day after
day — for years;
hut some day
he may find him
self weak. This
weakness may con
sist of an overconfidence in self—in an
overabundance of hope, in a faith that
ie will win-and can pay back. Right
here he is gone. Think you are strong
mough to stand such a temptation as
hat. Brother Brizintine?"
"I would not use any man's money.'
Brizintine answered. "1 surely have
>ense enough to know what is my own,
md knowing what is not my own I
lave honesty enough not to take it."
"Yes." replied Jucklin, "and what
iou have said is the answer that nine
>ut. of ten men would maxe—and hon
estly, too. But the fact is, you don't
enow."
"What! do you mean to say I don't
vnow whether or not I'm honest?"
"I mean just what I say—you don't
enow. It is all veny well for the un
tied man to believe himself strong.
Hit unless he has been severely tried
ie does not know."
"Do you know. Brother Jucklin?"
"Well. I'll tell you just how far I
hued parterres, the cool green ter
races, all evoked deep breaths of ad
miration.
it is like a. page from a novel," she
declared. "I never imagined anything
so romantic. It's—it's perfect," aban
doning a vain search, for suitable ad
jectives. The gamekeeper looked
pleased.
As he turned and beckoned the
coachman, Ethel Lincoln sighed.
' "How beautiful it all is," she ex
claimed. "Really, I could marry El
lerslie just to live here." The game
keeper, his face unmoved, stepped
forward. ,
' May I help you in, madam?" he
asked decorously.
Mrs. Lincoln, slipping her fingers
into the tiny gold purse swinging at
her wrist, pulled forth a coin and,
without looking at it, held it toward'
the man. To her surprise, he flushed
and drew back. But at sight of the
look of unconscious dismay on the
girl's face, his half-uttered protest
died and he quietly accepted the
money.
As they drove homeward Mrs. Lin
coln laughed.
"No wonder that man stared," she
said. "These English coins are so
much alike In size that instead of a
shilling I gave him a sovereign. But
how abnormal for any foreigner to
hesitate at a tip. Shall we send El
lerslie a card. Kitten? I suppose he
would hardly remember us and It is
many years" since his mother died.
Do you think it would be worth
while?"
"I suppose not," agreed Ethel, not,
however, without a secret twinge of
disappointment.
But the next day, on returning from
their drive, the innkeeper met them.
In his hand was a letter and a card.
"His Lordship was here this after
noon," he said, "and asked If you were
the lady who had lost this locket,"
producing a small gold ornament. "If
you were, I was to give you this let
ter." m
"Why, I must have dropped it yes
terday," exclaimed Mrs. Lincoln in
SurDrise. tearinar nnen tha #»nvelnTw»
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
ONLY
It contained a card of invitation and
a few lines on a crested sheet of
Paper.
"My dear Mrs. Lincoln—From the
name engraved on the locket, which
I Carrying Things Through j
IN the last analysis, men succeed or
fail in proportion to their ability to
put things through. He who has
learned to grip a purpose and cling
to it until it is accomplished has mas
tered one of the secrets of happy and
effective living. But to do it requires a
bulldog tenacity, like that illustrated
by General Grant when he declared
that he would fight out his campaign if
it took all summer, and by Melville
Cox, one of the first and noblest of
American missionaries to Africa, who
exclaimed at the climax of his career,
"Let a hundr.d men fall before Africa
be given up."
Every now and then we see a great
structure in process of erection on
whioh work has ceased. As the months
go by and no signs of activity appear
the projectors are either pitied or
laughed at. But it would be a far more
pathetic spectacle if we could bring out
into the open the unfinished posses
sions of individuals residing in a jrivea
community. Think of the garments, the
household articles, the inventions, the
poems, essays and paintings that
would be brought to light, half done,
quarter done, three-quarters done, all
but done, and yet still uncompleted.
Of course, even in their unfinished
condition, they represent certain
praiseworthy impulses. You will re
call, the day of your vision, how you
saw something ahead of you worth
doing or being and how all the tides
of enthusiasm of which your nature
is capable set toward the accomplish
was in the grounds yesterday,
1 judge you must be the old friend
- whom my mother so loved. Will not
you and your daughter do me the hon
or of coming to the garden party I am
ment of that ambition. With what
eager anticipation you set about it,
and the hrst day's work was simply
delightful. The second day was not
bad. either, but by the third day the
wheels began to move a little harder.
Unforeseen obstacles arose. The tasl<
proved unexpectedly difficult. You re
alized that if you kept at it you would
have tq sacrifice certain things for
which you cared a great deal. So lit
tle by littlu enthusiasm ebbed away,
Soon there came a day when you did
not work at all at your former hobby,
and ere long you put it aside alto
gether. To-day you takej out the un
finished affair and gaze ruefully at it.
You have a certain lingering fondness
for it that prevents you from throw
ing it away. So back into the drawer
of your bureau or ths compartment
of your mind it goes, and there it i?;
likely to stay until you are ready to
take the pains and the time essential
to perfecting it, and alas! that time
may never come.
Well, this common experience of
mankind points at least to two lessons.
One is the need of silting ambitions.
Beware of having too many plans for
reading, for study, for exploiting your
business, for doing good. Choose one
or two of the best and then stick ever
lastingly to them. Don't let go while
health and reason enelure.
And forget not to put things
through in the sphere of'moral life.
How many times have you said to
yourself: *Til conquer that habit. I'll
steer by that star." This time carry
your purpose through.
THE PARSON.
know. Many yean
ago I was workin
at a. mill that tooj
in a good deal o
money. Fjnall:
they gave mi
chargeof it. Alont
about that time *
party of us usee
to meet two 01
three times !
week to play •<
social game o
poker. It got tc
be so sociable tha
it kept me broke
I know that it wa
largely a game o
luck and that th<
cards would breal
even after a while
and that may b<
true, in the lonj
run. but the rut
is too long. Ii
the course of i
thousand yean
they might *hav<
broke even, but ai
it was, they brokt
with just enough promise to hold me
tied in the fascination to the game. 1
began to borrow money—and it took
all of my wages to pay it back. One
night I went over to meet the boys. I
didn't have a cent of my own. and 1
wouldn't have gone if I hadn't thought
that some one would lend me enough
to get into the game. But every one
hemmed and hawed and spoke of the
extreme need for money, of hard times
anq the like—the very men who had
week after week got all of my wages.
"Just then it Hashed across me
that in mv pocket were more than a
hundred dollars belongin' to the mill.
With this amount as a backin' I felt
sure that I could win back some of
the money I had lost. It was per
fectly plain—l could do it. At some
stage of the game I had nearly always
been ahead, but wouldn't quit. But
why couldn't I quit. The other foi-
K.i-w' onil -uritVi mv mnnpv
giving next Thursday and let me have
the pleasure of renewing an old ac
quaintance? Faithfully yours,
"ELLERSLIE."
When, on Thursday afternoon, Mrs.
Lincoln and Ethel drove under the
porte cochere of Ellerslie Abbey, al
ready the lawns and terraces were
dotted with bright frocks and para
sols, while from a gay marquee came
the strains of a military band. Ethel's
spirits rose.
"I feel that I am going to have a
good time," she declared. "My new
gown is becoming, my 1 t perfect, so
ch»er up, Mumsie."
"Mrs. and Miss Lincoln," shouted the
flunkey, and into the great hall, panel
ed t<- the root with oak and hung with
the family portraits of three centuries,
they passed. A gentleman turned from
the nearest group of people and came
forward. Tall, slim, frock coated, with
white gardenia in his buttonhole,
there was yet no mistaking him. For
a moment Mrs. Lincoln stared, then a
slow smile curved her lips.
"Sr, it was you—you all the time,"
she declared. "You were the game
keeper." The man looked repentantly
back.
"I really didn't mean to," he pleaded.
"You see. I only expected to stop a mo
ment and pass on. But then that seem
ed uncivil, and so "
"And so you merely deceived us in
stead," laughed Mrs. Lincoln. "Ethel,
dear, this is Ellerslie, bad a*k ever."
"No, no," he protested. "It was my
cap that deceived you, not I. At first I
hnruly appreciated the situation, and
then —it seemed too late. And I never
hoped to see you again. But when you
spoke of my mtrther, I began to think
who you might be, and, of course, the
name on the locket settled it. Indeed,
I was innocent."
Mrs. Lincoln laughed.
"Certainly you took the tip badly
enough."
"But I still have it," he asserted,
"and always shall, if only as being the
first morey I ever earned."
As host, Ellerslie's duties kept him
busy through the afternoon, and it was
WW
Why couldn't Ido the same? I broke
out in a sweat. I strove to bring up*
arguments against my sitting In the
game and couldn't. Luck whispered
that it was with me, and it didn't seem
possible that I could lose. Never be
fore had I felt so strongly that it was
my night. I arose and walked up and
down, the room. I could- hear my
blood singin'. I turned and looked at
the bo>s, each one with, an expwession
of eagerness on his face. I. felt my
self superior to them' I could beat
them. There they sat, completely
within the power of my skill and my
luck. I could win enough to pay back
the money that I owed, and with my
wages I could buy clothes, and I
needed 'em. Suddenly I rushed oat
of the house, and I ran—ran all -the
way to the —home of the mill .owner—-
snatched his money out of my po< ket
and gave it to him. I told him what
I had gone through with, and he
turned pale and took hold of the" man
telpiece to steady himself. 'My son,'
said he, T have been all along there
(only I didn't run away—Until after
ward). They caught me and brought
me back, and it was only by the grace
—of human nature that I didn't go to
the penitentiary.' "
In the company there were three,
young fellows. The old man's recital
had moved them. "And did you play,
again. Uncle Lim?" one- of them in
quired. .
"No, I didn't- And although it may
appear parrow in me, let me say'
that a playin' card shan't cbme into
my house. In itself a deck of cards
is innocent enough, and so,is a bottle
of licker if you don't drink it.- It is
true, though, so far as my experience
counts, that nearly every gambler .be
gins in a social way, without any
thought of becomin' one. Very few
of them set out with the aim' to make
gamblin' their profession. Take hosses.
for instance. Nearly all men like a
fine horse —like to see him run. 'They'
develop a judgment as to the runnin*
qualities of a horse and filially are'
wtlHn' to back It up with money.
Whose business is it? The money be-,
longs to them and was honestly
earned. Understand, now. I ain't
preachin' a moral sermon, for 'I ain't
fitted for that. I just want'to talk In
a human nature sort of way for the ■
benefit of these boys. Don't bet on any
thing. That's the safest plan. If there's
no fun in goin' to hoss races unless you
bet, dc-nt go."
"Bat haven't you bet on roosters?"
Old Brlzintine inquired, looking wise. •
"Well, I have seen the feathers fly .
from the wrong chicken," Lim answer
ed "And if I have bet. and have seen
the evil of It. I am all the fitter to talk
to these young chaps. Boys, if you '
don't want to be on trial all your life,
don't bet on anything."
(Copyright, 1904, by Opie Read.)
By A. M.
Davies Og'den
a not until the long shadows lay wide
- across the lawn that he was able to fol
low the direction in which his eyes had
often strayed and Joined Ethel where
i. she stood under a huae Japanese um
-8 brella.
Ethel smiled and let him take her
c parasol from one of the group of
men about her.
c But as they paused on a little rustic
s bridge commanding a view of lake and
woods stretching away to the red sun-.
* set sky Ellerslie seemed to have sud
v denly lost the desire to' talk. When
finally he turned to her there was an
odd little glint in his eye.
"Well," he said, "do you like it?" wav-
ing his hand toward the picturesque
j reach of wood and water.
"Indeed I do," she answered earnest
-0 ly. The glint in his eye deepened.
1 "Then you are prepared to keep your
word?"
r My word?" demanded the girl, start
a led 
"That you would marry Ellerslie to
• get all this " He pulled a coin from his
. pocket and gazed meditatively at it.
y "This precious coin; I fell in love with
a girl when it was given to me; wasn't
L it an odd thing to do? But lam so de
. lighted with the fact that lam going to
. have this bit of gold made into the best
thing I know of, and that is a wedding
. ring. Shall I? Do you think she might
I. wear it in time?"
Although he spoke jestingly there was
f an undercurrent of seriousness in his
I tone which the girl was quick to catch.
1 For a moment a new, strange shyness
r kept her silent, then she spoke.
J "Of course, lam hardly competent
It to advise on such a subject," she be
e gan demurely, "but," with a swift, up
1. ward glarce that suggested bewilder
ing possibilities, "there could certainly
be no harm in having the ring made,"
y It was several years before Ellerslie
admitted to his wife that, as Mrs.
1, Lincoln had handed him the coin, sine
c had dropped the locket, and that he,
willfully and deliberately, had con
n cealed it. To his astonishment, how
s ever. Lady Ellerslie only laughed.8 LOWING of horns on occasion*
•of joy and festivity has - grown
to be* an established institution
in -the United 'States. Whether
•the . custom as' practiced 'is.
strictly'in-musical accord with the har
monious fee.lirigs erf a people who, in one •
voice ipxlu.lge''a' celebration which af
, fects-fall alike is matter.
' The -Ideating and the . blasts, the
screeches-.and . even barbaric sounds
issuing irons, t-he .tin horn of - torday
are'brazen, eiioes sending, up thnn.k- "
fulness- to' the. lofty Height of heaven
for\.'the benefits- * bestowed —sounds
frc'jrrr a -multitude" -of million's express
ing satisfaction .with material condi
tions or giving .heartfelt welcome to a
. new year, just born or. a-battle .victory
of '.other - momentous events which
make and mark the- pages of history.
While the custom of .horn blowing
Is growing, few-of the "old heads stop
tp think of -its. origin, ahd the youth
ful celebrant. ■ little dreams that is
all tradition; that In those reveling
sou*nds which escape neither nook nor
corner., loft nor cellar, are-the echoes
re-echoed".from" thousands of *cen'tu-'
ries ago —that momentous, period in
the world's spiritual and material his
. tory- 'when the blasts from the ram's
horn- (shophar) proclaimed from
Mo.unt- Sinai the giving ' of the Ten
Commandments to the end of time.
mention of it" is in the 'Old
Testament at the giving of the laW:
'And all the people 1 H*w the thundering, and
> the lftthtniriKs. and' Ow noise of the trumpet. —
Kxodiis,. m !\ *•. * .
Then it was a sound which sent the
■blood coursing through every vefti,
aousedr. the soul's deepest reverence
and bmug'ht together men in one com
mon brotherhood.
'As the sound of the -horn signaled
the giving of the law which was to
lead mankind and stand for life's
moral and spiritual obligations, along
the ages, the multitude bowed with
feelings of awe and. humility.
.The sounds were new to the ears
of the people who -listened to their
echoes along the mountain, wondering
see the distant -tone repetitions.
And when th» people mw It, they removed,
and ttood afar off. they said unto Moses.
"Sptak thou with us. and we will hear; but let
■ not OoU speak with us, lest we die."
The fear then in the hearts of the
multitude was significant. They
rcalksed the Iraptfrt of the occasion,
which had been, signaled by the blasts
of, the horn. So, from the very, first in
troduction of the instrument its sounds
have generally had "a, significant mean
ing and purpose. " '
. How well one can picture the scene
at Mount Sinai when the people trem
bled -and stood afar off when Moses
bade them to fear not; that God had
came to prove them and* that his fear,
might be.beforti thtir faces* that they
sin not. •' .. • .
The sounding of the horn on an oc
casion so" prolific wrth divjnely p.oten
tiar Incidents naturally, brought the
instrument. Into use and prominence
during special spiritual* exercises and
ct-letorations, but. later its brazen notes
were heard In t'me of war.
They were also heard In 'time's of ex
treme jubilation and in. th'e temples
of the Jews on their! days of rejoicing
and on the day of atone*ment. .
In Leviticus, xxv:9, i 3 found-'the fob
lowing: . .
Then Vhalt thou cause the trumpets the Ju
bilee.to sound en* the. tenth day of the seventh
mon*fi. In the c!uy of atonement shail ye make*
the trumpet wound .Mm ughout ajl your land.
And even in. t hi * age of "advanced
thought." the Jew,. following com
mandment and the vo'tce bf tradition,
assembles # in his temj.le to' hear the
sound from the shophar.
What effect must such "tbnes is
suing from a holy pl.ace have upon the'
hearer?. They are not musical" sounds,
for their loud, piercing n- tes, with no
range or compass, hav.e never been
found adaptable to concerted music'
But is this description *n..t -exactly
and'strangely in accord with the tones
from the modern horn, the horn with
which :the jubilant man and • youth,
woman and girl, of this period give
vent to their joy at the birth of the
c hristian new year?
Try as you will, you .can get n< thing
but a piercing,' shrill or inharmonious
tone from the tin instrument, and like
the ancient shophar, its tones - are un
musical, having neither range or com- .
I sa. If needed for such a purpose,'
b wever, Its blas'ts from the summit of
Twin Peaks would summon a multi-'
lude that would oomport Itself-accord
ing to the import of the occasion.
In Numbers, chapter xxxix: 1, we
find an Injunction as to the use of the
trumpet.
Therein the people are commanded
on the first day of the seve'nth month
to hold "an holy convocation," to do no
servile work, it being "a day of .blow
ing of trumpets unto you"—a feast of
the trumpets.
Hsre is demonstrated the giving up
< f all labor a'nd indulging the <ones of
the shophar as heard in the synagogues
to this day on a like festlvalr
Once more this proves that the mod
ern world, w ith all Its innovations, with
all It's many smirks at tradition, with
all its vainglorious boasting of a re
finement overshadowing and even thor
oughly ecljpslng the primitive ages, fol
lows closely the precepts inviolably set
h.v .the great forefathers, whose, obe
dience to-divine commandment was, in
view of modern usages, no more loyally
observed then than flow.
The skeptic may say that to-day's
outpourings of joy lack thought, are in*
dulged without the .slightest religious
sentiment, have .no relationship with
the very same movements and same
" trumpetings that characterized the day
when the law was given from Mount
Sinai, those periods when joy and vic
tory and holy festival influenced the
early peoples of the earth.
Who will say that there is no feeling
of thankfulness in the hearts of the
nation when, with horn a-blowing and
tlags waving, it gives vent to its Joy
over victory or any great national
event?
The ancient New Year's service, ob
served in the synagogues even at this
period, is considered one of the most
impressive in the Jewish liturgy. It is
composed of three parts, which refer,
respectively, to the sovereignty, justice
and mercy of God, and as each part is
concluded the shophar is sounded from
the pulpit.
The first part. "Malchioth," proclaims
*'<>d the universal king.
The second part, "Zichronoth," em
phasizes that God remembers the work
of the world and visits all creatures,
antl that "nothing remains concealed
from his eyes."
The last part. "Shopheroth." speaks
of the scriptural shophar, and especial
ly as it is connected with the giving of
the law on Mount Sinai, when its tones
were first heard, and also with refer
ence to the time when the "great
trumpet" will be sounded "to declare
the universal triumph of liberty and
: eligion."
Ip a poem sermon founded on pas
sages from the Talmud, by the Rev.
Isidore Myers. B. A., in Montreal in
1897 (5657 Jewish year), the following
occurs:
Wliat solemn thoughts each blast compels!
At every sound our besom swells;
Our soul Is stirred by every note
That lssuo9 from the shophar's throat.
The flfrt. which "Malchioth" is named.
In which God's sovereignty's proclaimed.
Commemorates a fact sublime—
Recalls to mind creation's prime.
When God. creating, cut of nought.
This world Into existen-e brought—
This universe by wisdom planned.
And framed by hfs almighty hand—
Whos-5 order, beauty, harmony.
We everywhere can .plainly see;
Whose every part, below, above, '
.The Impress burs of gracious love.
The shophar's voice does first record
The coronation of the Lord. .
Thus, from its first mention up to
the present period, has the shophar
been given the ' most profound and
grave consideration. .
Besides the sounding of the horn in
the 'hour of religious And Joyous .festi
val it was brought into use in time of
' war fo summon ' and. assemble the
'army, and in this •respect it is first
mentioned in Judges, iii:27: •
And it tame to pass, when he was come, that
ihe blew a trumpet in' the mountain of Ephraim.
and the children of Israel went down with him'
from'the mount,'and "ie" before .them.
Subsequent verses relate the defeat
of 10,000 lusty "men and ' the downfall
of.Moab, much resembling'the bloody
conflicts of later centuries, sans ma
"chtnery of modern -warfare.
And here we find the horn brought
into, military use, which is a long step
■ from Its Initial -requirements, when It"
served to bring the people' together to
.hear the law read amid the thundering
and lightning and darkness which after
prevailed and filled* the assembled mul
titude with awe and fear.
- After all. in comparing the-past with
the present thefe seems but the dif
ference-' in the manufacture, design and
: manipulation of material and the ad
• vantages In these times of having more
powerful and more scientific imple
ments with which to annihilate a foe.
Indeed, it is do.ubtful whether anything
could be more effective on a modern
'battlefield than the slaying of 10,000
valiant men, as was done by the Is
raelites who answered the shophar's
•'.call to arms. .
The Bhophar has been utilized in
other than times of law-giving and
• war, for it is told in Isaiah xxvii:l3:
And It shall come to pass in that day, that
the great trumpet shall be blown and they
>' snail come which "were ready to perish In the
land or Assyria, and the outcasts In the land of
Egypt, and shall worship the Lord in the holy
mount at Jerusalem.
The prerphet foretold that the sho
phar should announce the recall of the
: people -from exile. Therefore it is seen
how, stride "by stride, the shophar, the
horn or trumpet, grew in use and favor
' and need in the world's earliest period.
Its sounds were 'welcomed by those
•to whom the law was handed down,
Its notes were and are maintained by
one denomination to voice the anniver
, sary of God's coronation.
By that same people its sound is re
sortedto - as an alarm or warning of
the approach of the day of atonement
and that they, should review the ac
tions of the past year and prepare to
become reconciled to God by means of
confession to him of their sins and
• promise of amendment.
One other reason for the blowing of
the shophar, even at this period, is to
emphasize to the Jewish community
the conviction that the time will come
when the shophar will announce, ac
cording to the word of the prophet, a
universal freedom when all oppression
and tyranny shall vanish and the
reign of absolute liberty. will be mani
fested throughout the world.
-* APRIL 5HOWERS *
By Ruth Sawtelle
THE raindrops pattered down as
merrily and musically as If an un
expected shower were a most de
lightful thing. They washed the
pavement to a fresh red, making
tiny rivulets of the gutters.
But Phyllis Dalrympls was not occu
pied with admiration of the raindrops'
pranks. It was provoking! Ten min
utes before there had not been a sus
picion of rain. And here she was cooped
up on the tiny piazza of an apartment
house, without the remotest hope of
rescue till the rain should nlease to
cease. How empty the street seemed,
too!
A lone pedestrian! Enviable creature,
with rain coat and umbrella, sauntering
along as if being out in the rain were
' the pleasantest thing imaginable. And
now—what an odd young man he was,
stopping right in front of her to watch
the tiny river swirl and divide upon an
obstructing brick!
"I beg your pardon, sir, but could you
possibly let me—" Her voice faltered.
Herbert Ward wheeled about and be
held, perched on the top step under the
narrow shelter, a most alluring picture
of distress.
"Can I be of assitance?" he began,
drawing nearer, hat in hand. "You were
speaking to me?"
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
The vision stiffened from Its appeal
ing attitude.
"You must be mistaken, sir. I do not
recall having met you." Then, hastily,
at his look of injured surprise, "Oh,
yes, yes. Forgive me. I did speak to
you/ Oh, please don't go away and
leave me now!"
The bewilderment on Ward's face was
so very frank that the girl broke into a
ripple of laughter. '
"Really, I must ask you to forgive
me again. I do not mean to be rude.
But it was funny to see you looking a3
overcome as I felt. There! That smile
makes me sure you are good-natured,
and If you'll come up out of the rain
I'lltry to tell you."
Ward accepted with alacrity.
As a matter of fact it was not rain
ing much now, but the big umbrella
and Its stalwart owner were excellent
company in the deserted street.
. "I almost believe I like uncbnven
tlonality," said Phyllis, picking her
way as a dainty woman will. "It's so
so—well, different from everyday."
"I am convinced that I like uricon
ventionality, if this is it," responded
Ward.
Phyllis looked reproachful.
"This was what I thought about it
before I first spoke," she said hur
riedly. "Of course, we don't know each
other at ah—"
"Worse iuck!" said a voice at her
side.
"But I need to be rescued, ana
he's apparently nothing better to do
than rescue me. He looks trust
worthy, and after he takes me to Mrs.
Walker's where I can send for the
carriage, we shall never see each
other again—"
"Never see each other again! Oh, I
say, after I do my best—"
" —And as I am perfectly sure"—
with no hesitation to show that she
heard a word of the protest—"from
his appearance that he would not
dream of taking advantage of my
confidence. I think I shall run the
risk of appealing to his generosity."
They .walked for a minute silently.
Then she stole a glance at his clear
cut face, flushed with mortification,
and relented.
"You are doing me such a favor"—
more genially—"that I don't mind
telling you that I was horribly fright
ened after I spoke, and I truly beiiev*
I should have run away the minute
you turned if it hadn't been for the
rain."
"Thank heaven for rain!" he mur
mured, so fervently that they both
smiled, and caught each other in the
act.
"But I really think it's not raining
a drop now," she said. "There's noth
ing left but the sprinkle from the
trees."
"It would ruin your frock in no
time." And he gave the exquisitely
IN RETREAT
THE dog beside her growled, and
the woman, looking up from her
novel, saw the man coming down
the path, fishing tackle in hand.
The path was overgrown with weeds
and there were few indications that it
was used except by the cattle coming
to the creek for water.
The dog arose, alertly pugnacious,
and the fisherman suddenly became
conscious of the fact that his favorite
spot was pre-empted.
"I fear I must crave your protec
tion." He took off his tweed cap with
humorous gravity and smiled, first at
the woman, then with a conciliatory
air into the face of the bristling dog.
She took the dog by the collar and
drew him toward her.
"I can at least offer you a reprieve
from sudden death." She held the ani
mal with a firm, white hand, and Fer
roll ;oosened his grip on the fishing
rods he had intended using as a club
should the necessity arise.
"Perhaps he is stickler for etti
quette," he suggested, "and might re
gard my civilities with less—er—ani
mosity) if I offered him my card."
T must admit he shows more ami
ability toward people to whom he has
been introduced."
He took a cigar case from his
pocket and offered it to her, his name
printed In gilt letters on the side.
"Kindly introduce me to him prop
erly," he implored. "I wouldn't fur
ther offend his sense of propriety for
worlds."
She patted the dog on the head, and,
pointing toward the newcomer, made
the introduction with exaggerated po
liteness. ,
"Billle, most able bodyguard of an
unprotected spinster, allow me to make
you acquainted with one Dr. James
Ferroll."
"Quite charmed, old fellow, I assure
you," Ferroll bowed extravagantly.
"You'll excuse my not shaking hands?
You will? That's exceedingly kind, for
I would be slightly nervous about try
ing it on first sight."
"He will behave properly now." She
paused, evidently expecting Ferroll to
continue upstream.
gowned little figure another openly
approving smile.
•'But of course," responded Phyllis,
"I couldn't permit myself to presume
upon your kindness when I don't
really need you, and you see the sun
is trying its best to shine this very
minute."
"May failure attend its efforts!
That is—l mean—yuu know how very
uncertain such weather is, and if I
allowed you to be caught again I'd
never forgive myself."
"Oh, you wouldn't think of it again,
of course." she laughed coyly. "But
I should be desolated if I caused you
to miss your appointment. It's quite
a little nearer 3 than it was, you
know."
"Hang the appointment! Oh, I say,
I beg your pardon, you know. But
really I'm having such a good time,
I'd forgotten. And it's a bore, any-
wav
"The appointment?"
"Yes, a beastly duty, you see. You
wouldn't mind my unburdening my-
self? I'm Just in town for a few
weeks on business and an old school
chum made me promise I'd look up
his sister—gave me a letter and all
that which I'm to present this after-
noon. I know her sort too well—the
frothy, gushy kind. Old Bob's the
right stuff, but these girls—Lord! I'd
no end rather be excused. If it had
only been some one like you. now—
"Oh, ybu really mustn't say it!*.'
came a queer, muffled voice.
"Ward looked down to see a very
pink face, a pair of unaccountably
roguish eyes and a tempting mouth
that twitched at the corners.
"Why mustn't I say it?" he persisted.
"Hang conventionality! There I go
again—but hang it, anyway! Here I
am having the best time of my life, and
By Troy Allison
"If you Vouldn't mind,!' he spoke,
hesitatingly, ."I will ask permission to
fish here; in fact, I have h/-en dream
ing about this very spot since my vaca
tion last summer. By Jove, I've caught
some beauties here."
In less than an hbur she had dropped
her novel on the grass by the side of
the now placidly sleeping Billle and
was taking her first lesson in the art of
bass fishing.
When 6he finally took up her novel
and hat preparatory to leaving he
looked at her with frank friendliness.
"I'm going to.be here a month. I
hope I will have the pleasure'of seeing
you again?" • .
"Billie and I spend hours in this
spo.. every day. If you do much fish
ing you will probably meet up with
us occasionally."
Next day Ferroll had been in luck
and half filled his basket when she
reached the creek.
"Good morning, Billie," he called
out. "I hope we. are on friendly terms
to-day?"
*The dog sniffed at the basket of
fish, then lay down on. the coat Fer
roll had discarded.
"That's right, old fellow, make your
self at home. T hope he doesn't ob
ject to smoke?" He-looked at Miss
Winchester inquiringly, carefully
placed his rod in the forks of a con
venient bush, ana liS*s*«igar prepara
tory to a few m'oqtes'.chat.
"You are rather a plucky woman,"
he looked at her admiringly, "but why
did you come absolutely alone?"
"That's the nice part," she fastened
a wreath of green leaves around the
neck of the slumbering Billie. "I -was
• tired of everybody and. if. you must
know the exact truth, I ran away to
"keep from being, married -for my
money. I had'an idea that a match
making friend was concocting a
scheme to deprive me of my liberty."
Ferroll showed a sudden interest.
"We have a bond .of sympathy," he
said, watching his creditable perform
ance at making smoke rings in the
calm summer air. "I have, an aunt JfV
Newport who was absolutely deter
mined I should visit" her this summer.
She had picked out a rich old maid who
owned a lovely cottage, and had it all
planned that I was to go. to see and to
conquer said spinster. So, you see, I
came down here to keep from being
' forced Into marrying for mdney."
'T used'to know some people in New
port. What's your aunt's name?" she
asked with a pretense pf idle curiosity.
"Mrs. Fenldn. She's been there for
the last three years only." And his
observation being concentrated yon his
newest smoke ring, he failed-to see the
crimson that flushed her face when he
mentioned the name of her, own next
door neighbor at Newport.
* * • .*. *. ' *
Billle's mistress sat under* the tree by
the creek one day until she had finish
ed her book, and still Ferroll had not
appeared. •
She leaned over and patted the doga
head. ; . t ,
• -It's the first time in three weeks
that he has not been here first, Billie,"
she said.
• Billie gave a snort that either ex
pressed ridicule for the anxiety in her
voice, or disapproval of having his ears
rubbed the wrong Way. Then he sud
denly sat up to listen, and in a few
minutes Ferroll came down the path.
For the first time he came without
his fishing tackle. He threw himself
down op the ground beside them and
scowled into the dog's welcoming eyes..
• Billie, I want you to know that I m
an egregious idiot. Perhaps you will
be somewhat at sea as to the meaning
of egregious, but I assure you ft s the
very worst kind of idiot."
Miss Winchester raised her eyebrows
•in sympathetic surprise.
J "Suppose you tell us how you became
aware of your mental defects." she
suggested.
He pulled the dog's head over on his
I dare not tell her how I dis
covered the fact of my idiocy. Last
night when I left the creek I was a
happy man. I had determined to come
down here this morning and ask you
how you would like to live in a house
with a doctor's sign on it. I had a faint
hope that your mistress would hate to
give you up, and would come.- too. to
look after you, you know. But. Billie.
that hope is as dead as a doornail. I
had a letter from my aunt this morn
ing and she mentioned casually—oh.
yes', darn casually—that she was glad
I had postponed my visit, as Miss Julia
Winchester was not at home, and she
would not have me miss having a trial
at winning her money for anything.
The woman sat perfectly -quiet while
he continued his confidences.
"Now she would always think I Was
after her money, you unsympathetic
brute, and to make matters worse, I
have kept her amused 'for three
with jokes about the old maid at
Newport. Billle, do you think there is
a living woman that would overlook
being called an old maid?"
She reached over and took hold or
one of the dog's maltreated ears.
"Lend me an ear, Billie. You ought
to be a well-trained dog.'lor I have
spent hours on your education. Get
up and express nicely to the gentle
man your overwhelming desire to live
in a house ornamented by a doctors
Si Then she managed to force her head
away from Ferroll's shoulder long
enough to add another sentence. .
"You might state that your mistress
has a fondness for egregious idiots.
B1 (Copyright, 1904, by Troy Allison.)
Just because we nappe n *° thlnk
met formally I can^ 1 sa / ™ a Presently
And worse still, I've got to go P^jenUy
and run my head straight into a nowe.
Probably find an at home ana tne
house full of others just use -i"
not rebel at all if you w «re xo ww.
care' of me-that Is, if you werewlll ng.
Can't we be introduced or sometmng.
whatever would be necessary xo mane
it proper?" , .
The pretty face had burned pinner
and pinker. • _ .
"Don't you think you re a bit ham
on a girl you've never seen? suggested
the same muffled voice,
"Don't have to see her. What s more
don't want to. I know the sort, I tell
you. But Bob—"
"Bob who? I might know his sister.
"Bob Dalrymple. Grand old chap,
too." "
"I knew it." triumphant!* I mean—
yes, I have heard of him. And here we
are at Mrs. You can't think
how grateful lam for the share in your
umbrella—and your very refreshing
frankness. Good-by."
Then the gate slammed, against her
hand, and a shower of white cards
sprinkled the walk. Ward bent to pick
up her purse, and from every white
square was confronted by the words
' Miss Phyllis Dalrymple."
"Miss Dalrymple." h» stammered in
an agony of humiliation. "I—l—how
could you le* me—l—"
But Phyllis was tripping up the walk,
Bne reached the step she turned and
smiled. Just then the sun burst from
behind a cloud, transforming the world
m to a sparkle of diamond drops,
"Miss Dalrymple will be at home,
a i one at 3." she said. "It Is possible
that ahe WO uld listen to a—well, let us
sa y -n explanation."
(Copyright, ism. by k. m. Whitehead)has reason to •De
-.■•'/ proud-of he r.. athletes.. In'-'this
\yj land' [of 'sunshine; fruits '.and
.flowers - -we boast of o.ur agrkul
' t-ural-products and .beautiful -girls,..but
we. frequently lose sight of tire brawn
and muscle t>f our young, men. Native
sons have displayed their prowess on
.'many a hard-fought field, in l{ie-arena
.-' and. on'-fhe water, and their fame .has
'been heralde'd'all over the wor.rd.
-.There is no reason why this StatG
;shpuld.not send-forth the greatest ath
letes. Our climatic condition's for out
door-sports are unsurpassed. Probably
in no other section pf the . country,, and
• in fae't tne world, is it possible, for'lov
ers Of Outdoor sperts to" erjjoy .them the
•year found. . In California one. can-"din
■into the ocean on! New Year's day,
. whereas our. Eastern friends are hug
ging red-hot stoves in aq effort to keep,
warm. Baseball, tennis,., cricket and
other games are played every month in
the year, while in other "parts of the
United States' these, pastimes can pnly
be enjoyed at certain seasons.
These conditions are invaluable in de
veloping the athlete. Opportunities .for
outdoor exercise are absolutely neces
sary, as the health-giving, breezes that
are wafted from the Pacific Ocean- in
fuse new life into their vejns and make
it possible for-our.men to go out into
the world and cope with the best.
During the past year the 'athletic
young men of this Golden State have
not been idle. Trophies have come to
them in abundance and records have]
gone a-.glimniering by" reason of their
sturdy efforts: On track and field.'on
water and indoors our 'boys have been
to the forefront and held high, the
standard of athletic supremacy.
The football season has just drawn
to a close and the record .of the Stan
ford team is still fresh in our memo
ries. Under' the able and .magnetic
leadership of G. H. Clark and the very
skillful coaching of Jarri'es Lanagan.
t '00, the team won \ the championship
of the coast and also, the mountain
region by defeating every eleven pitted
against it. In", the -opinion' Of many.ex
perts it was" the strongest aggregation
of players ever -spnt forth from Palo
lAlto. During the. season .many teams
scored against the cardinal, but when
the latter got into O'.eir stride they put
up the real .article of-football. After
defeating the University of California
eleven, which", by the way: was "no
"prep" schooj team, the Stanford-men
journeyed to Colorado and .defeated
the crack eleven "of that section and
opened the eyes *>f the multitude .to
the fact that away out- in California
were football'players that bad to - , be
considered. -Some enthusiasts "doped"
it Stafford m could even - beat
"Hurry-up" Y"ost's Wolverines. This
may be exaggerating it a bit, but thero
is no doubt that this year's team would
give thl- Michigan eleven (i hard tussle
for honors. -Clark played at left end
and put every ounce .of his! 170 pounds
into the play. He broke up interfer
ence and got his man and-was* fas!
down the field on kicks. He played
through the season without injury.apd
his presence -on the field did much to
bring about .success for Stanford.-'
A week before the big annual inter
collegiate game, Lirk School" boys de
feated the Oakland High School boya
for the championship of the Academic
Athletic League by a score of 11 to 0.
The game was played at. the Presidio
- uihietic grounds and was fuli .of bril
liant plays. Hotchklss. left • guard,
captained the victorious team. The
playing was f..st and hard and every
inch of the way was contested.. Al
though defapted, the Oakland • boys
were not disgraced. They were -up
against a stronger aggregation and
had to succumb. Members of.both
universities were present at ali the
Academic League frames and watched
for promising material. The colleges
will eagerly grab such good men as
Hctchkiss, Cerf, Diets, Moullin, O'Con
nor and Saunders.
Association football is also having
a vogue here. The team .wearing the
colors of the Occidental Athletic Club
and captained by T. S. Lyrion is prac
tically the champions of the year,
having defeated the Independents, last
year's champions.
Gaelic football is as popular as ever
among the men who hail from Ireland.
The by Peter Bar
rett, is conceded to be the leading
team, as victory has come to the seven
teen men who compose the organiza
»
tieu oftener than to any Other aggre
gation:
In; baseball .the teams this season
.were led by Mike Fleher's Tacomas.
There were six teams in the race and
the season was divided in half. Ta
coma, under the. leadership of Charlie
(Iraham, a'Santa Clara College boy,
forged to the front and held a lead
and won the pennant. # The winner Oi
the second series was to play Taco
ma, but Tacoma again proved / its
worth by winning the second half. It
was a nip and ruck race and the "fans"
enjoyed fast baseball. Many of the
players were drafted by the National
League. Taeoma's great showing was
due to the splendid pitching of Ovie
Overall, fresh from the University of
California, and "Bobbie" Keefe, late
of Sahta Clara College. Joe Corbett,
brother of the ex-champiori boxer, was
engaged by Hank Harris and pitched
splendid ball. The Frisco team got in
to the running, too late, although it
made a "Garrison" finish. Los Angeles
was a factor in the contest and gave
all the teams lot of heartaches. "Jim"
Morley spent lots of money in the hope
of winning the pennant, but failed. Al
though the baseball season closed in
the East some months as late ar
fhis day teams are contesting all over
the. State. This, proves that our cli
mate is the best in the world for the
national game.
Tennis has been given a great im
petus during the past twelve months
by reason of the free courts in Golden
Gate Park. Each day th? courts are
crowded with players and clever
racquet-wielders are being developed.
Tournaments have been held each Sun
day and the best .players in the city
and vicinity have participated. But
the. player who stands foremost this
year is Drummond MacGavin of the
University, of California. Although
just 23 years of age and out pf college
he is rae best player in the West and
his defeat of Alfonso Bell, the Cali
forniap who went East and defeated
the cracks there, proves him one of
the best men in the country. Mac-
Gavin first gained prominence by de
feating Grant Smith for the State
championship. He next challenged
.Bell and beat the veteran in close
matches. MacGavln is a modest young
fellow and a true sportsman. He has
wonderful staying qualities and pos
sesses perfect strokes. He developed at
the California Tennis Club's courts,
this city. He is now journeying round
the world and expects to be in London
In time to play in the championship
events. He will contest against the
wonderfully clever Dougherty brothers
of England. We will probably lose
MacGavln, as he intends taking up
residence in South Africa.
The fame of the Sutton sisters is too
widespread to demand further exploit
ation, but, suffice it to say, little May
Sutton went to the Far East and up
held California against the best women
players in the country, bringing home
the championship.
Polo is a game that can only be par
ticipated in by wealthy men. -In order
to play this rich-man's game one must
have a string of ponies and have a
doctor on your staff to attend you in
the event of injury. Down at Burlin
game the Tobins. Walter Hobart, An
drew McCreery, Tom Drlscoll and oth
ers are winning fame by daring work
on the polo field. Driscoll has been
playing wonderfully well this year and
is considered one of the foremost
ers of United States. While n.ast
he played with and against the Goulds
and showea ntmseif capable of playing
in such fast company.
Eugene Hildebrand, formerly of Pet
aluma, leads the jockeys of the country
and is picked by experts to be the lead
ing rider of the world. During the past
season he led the Eastern jockeys by a;
wide margin. Among the many win-;
Tiers he piloted across the wire was Art-!
ful, the winner of the Futurity, one of
the richest events of the year. From!
apparent obscurity, Hildebrand sprung!
into prominence and now commands an!
enormous salary. It is reported that
he will ride next year for Harry Payne
Whitney at a salary of $20,000. He will
probably earn $50,000.
Floyd McFarland and the two Down
ing brothers of San Jose are upholding
California on the Eastern cycling
tracks. The trio have won innumera
ble prises, but have done nothing dur
ing the past year to equal the work of
Otto Zeigler in years past. The cycling
clubs of this city and vicinity are keep
ing alive the popular pastime, and by
dint of fast riding are proving that the
Western men are no "slouches" when
it comes to pedaling for honors and tro
phies. Indoor cycling is becoming quite
popular, too. It is in the nature of races
THE SAN FRANCISCO ~> SUNDAY CALL.
on "home trainers." These events have
become very exciting and have brought
out the best riders in the State. The
contest for the handsome trophy of
fered by Judge Frank H. Kerrigan was
won by J. Troutt of the California Cy
cling Club, who broke the world's rec
ord for one mile.
BOXING CHAMPIONS.
This State has turned out more fin
ished boxers than any in the country.
This is due to the fact that fistic exhi
bitions are permitted here. In thl3 city
some alleged amateur club holds an ex
hibitidn *rc*?kly and once a/ month
devotees of the manly art are given the
privilege of seeing the best men in the
world contest. We can lay claim to
James J. Jeffries, because he is an
adopted son of California. He started
his ring career in this city and has
reached the top—he is champion heavy
weight of the world. Jimmy Britt of
San Francisco is next in prominence.
Britt has mowed them all down In the
feather-weight and lightweight divi
sions. He won the championship from
Young Corbett by a decision given him
by Ref?ree Eddie Mervin Graney. He
might have annexed the lightweight
championship last October by defeat
ing Joe Gans, but he lost his head when
victory was in his palm and fouled the
colored man. Frankie Neal, a!?« of
this city, enjoyed the distinction of be
ing the bantam-weight champion of the
world. At an ill-advised moment he
was prevailed upon to cross to England
and meet "Kid" Bowker. The latter
wrested the championship by a hair
line decision. Neal was at a disadvan
tage because the referee would not per
mit him to wade in, as is the style in
this country. Bowker, who Is as clever
as Griffo, was able to outpoint Frankie.
They will be matched again and it is
safe to say that if the battle comes off
in America the little Californian will
regain his lost laurels.
Al Ahrens of this city invaded Eng
.and with "Philadelphia" Jack O Brien,
and before Al returned he had an
nexed the welter and middle weight
championships of England to his belt.
Al Neill journeyed to Australia a few
months ago, and to the surprise of his
friends, who believed, Al had shot his
bolt, he won the middle-weight cham
pionship of Australia.
Our amateur boxers have also won
fame. Sam Berger, the crack heavy
weight boxer of the Olympic Club,
journeyed to. St. Louis and defeated
two men for the championship of th*
United States. Berger is only 21 years
of age and weighs 185 pounds. He has
been boxing Aye years and has been
coast champion for two years. He is
getting bigger and stronger, and some
day Samuel may branch out, as did
Jim Corbett, and who knows—he may
be world's champion. Georgie Flnnlgan
also went to St. Louis and won the
bantam championship of the United
States.
Al Young of the Hawthorne Athletic
Club journeyed to St. Louis and de
feated H. W. Spanger. the best man in
the tournament, for the welter-weight
championship of the country. Young
is a natural fighter. He has been at It
five years and has had fifty-four bat
tles, with five decisions against him.
George Peterson of the Occidental
Athletic Club, Lew Powell of the Haw
thorne Athletic Club, Johnny Crowe,
Joe Carroll. Dick Hyland and Abe La
bel are sp'endld fighters who pose as
amateurs, but who really are semi
professionals, as they take prizes val
ued over the figure set by the Amateur
Athletic Association. If these boys
were reinstated and forced to fight for
trophies this State would annex every
amateur championship in the boxing
line.
Bowling has become so popular and
has so many devotees that it has its
niche in sporting events. The greatest
bowler developed on this coast, and
probably the best in the country. Is
Harry Leap. It was he who introduced
the game of ten pins as it is played to
day in this city. He is the organiser
and captain of the champion Eugene
team. This team has defeated the best
teams on the coast. It is composed of
Leap, Thorpe and Shave. When the
all-Ameiican trio visited this city last*
year the Eugene team was pitted
against them and the visitors won out
by a few pins. Leap made the phe
nomenal average of 226 in the five
games. Leap has won so many prizes
and so many championship events that
his presence in c. contest scares off alt
.competitors. ILi is the first bowler to
use the curve ball on this coast.
Thanks to the teaching of Sidney
Cavill, the Olympic Club has developed
world's champions In J. Scott Leary
and Frank Gailey. These two were
sent to St. Louis two months ago and
although prostrated by the terrific
heat, succeeded in bringing home a num
ber of medals. Leary nas held the
American records for 100, 50 and 20
yards. He swam 100 yards in 1:03%; 50
yards in 28 seconds fiat and 20 yards
in 10 seconds. Leary swam a dead
heat with Hollamy, the Hungarian
S> Footwear S>
For The
American Girl
THERE are no women of any
country that dress the feet as
prettily as American girls do. In
fact no women who have such
pretty feet to dress.
Spanish women have tiny feet, but
they are too short and broad for real
beauty. And French women, by some,
mysterious process, always wear small
shoes, no matter what size foot they
have.
But the foot of the American girl,
whi«b_ is as famous as her wit and
beauty, is always small enough to ex
actly suit her slender, thoroughbred
build, is exquisitely modeled, rarely
(nowadays) pinched, and dressed with
the utmost taste,' appropriately for
every occasion.
It was this side of the Atlantic that
women 3tarted the fad for the stout,
mannish cut of shoe for street and
country sports, and it took the Ameri
can girl to first refuse to play tennis
in French heels.
This doesn't mean that English girls
have not worn big calfskin shoes al
ways a lot, and frequently inappro
priately. Every one knows the Brit
ish girl's propensity —just the reverse
of the French—for wearing shoes that
make her feet look large even if they
chance to be small. But their stout
boots are coarse in texture and. common
in cut. while though the American girl
uses' for heavy wear heavy boots, they
are of the smartest cut, the most flex
ible material and while never tight al
ways fitted to perfection, comfortable
over the joint and snug up under the
instep.
For a while she did make it a little
bit of a fad to accentuate the mannish
ness of her boots, her soles were use
lessly wide and thick, but even then
carefully fitted and most swagger in
cut and finish. But this season her
street boots are Just heavy enough
for protection, no useless weigh, and
as perfect, in make as her dancing
slipper.
Her outdoor shoes, high and low, are
of calfskin, softly dressed, or of don
gola kid, or a dull-finish leather. For
nice street wear shoes are a little more
pointed at the toe and with Cuban
heels, of patent or enameled leather.
For home wear, for afternoon recep
tions, for evening, shoes may this year
match the costume, and for dancing
they must. White and pink and yellow
suede or dull kid for dancing slippers,
or lace over satin, or painted satin are
best form.
With many varieties of brown cos
swimmer, in 28 3-5 second*. On the
swim-off, Leary was caught napping
at the start and when Hollamy had
gone at least fifteen yards, Leary
Jumped and nearly overtook his rivaj
at the finish. He uses the Australirfii
"crawl-stroke," as does Galley.
Galley came second in the four
events against the best swimmers in
the world. On November 21 in the
Olympic Club tank, with proper of
ficials present. Galley lowered the
world's record for a quarter of a mile,
swimming the distance in the remark
ably fast time of 5:59 1-5, 2 2-5 seconds
under the record. Galley believes he
can do better than that.
Ralph Rose, the giant Californian
now studying at the University of
Michigan, holds the world's records for
putting the shot. As he Is but a youth,
he will surely develop into a great
weight thrower.
Norman Dole of Stanford, one of a
large family of athletes, has vaulted
higher than any other man in the world.
In actual oomDetition he went over the)
bar set af 12 feet 1\ inches. This is ■
the world's record and there is-every,
hope that the Amateur Athletic Asso
sociation will allow U, as officials pres-v -
ent have made nroper affidavit that he
accomplished the feat.
Our sprinters are running in record
time and in the field events the rep- *
resentatives of this .State are equally
as good as the Eastern athletes.
With the foregoing records in mind,
I submit that California has a right to .
consideration for her athletes and al
though we arc- far removed from thick
ly populated centers, this State will yet
be accorded the deserved honor of pro
ducing the best athletes in the worldj
tumes bronze shoes are extremely good
style, and so are brown suede, alwaya
with stockings to exactly match.
Of course you can be very well dress
ed by adhering to patent leather for all
daytime dress occasions, but for even
ing a blapk or bronze slipper would
be inartistic dressing, and white,
though it can be worn with tinted
frocks, is only best style with white.
But quite as important as shoes to
match gowns are the stockings to
niatch shoes, and. there has never been
a season when such a"n # infinite variety
of colored stockings we're to be seen in
the shops.
•Browns in every possible shade of
onion -skin, mahogany, and docque de
roche. tones; biuts and purples; reds,
light and. dark and in all strawberry,
pond lily and watermelon tints', and
yellows, pale and oranges.
And newest of all, shaded stockings,
white at the hem and deep-toned at the
toe, and every shade of one color in
between; not a bit good taste, but nev
ertheless wieh some popularity.
The openwork stocking th»t was en
tirely crowded out by the gauxe-mesh
stocking last year. Is coming in again
this winter, the openwork showing ela
borate lace designs and frequently inset
with lace.
It is still smart though eccentric to
have a monogram on the left instep.
And just at this season of outdoor
sports college girls and schoolgirls fre
quently embroider the flag of their
brother's college on the instep of a silk
stocking. Or a sweetheart's initials in
hi? college colors adorn a silk instep.
And all this colored silk embroidery
on stockings, and also the craze for col
ored hosiery, brings up the tormenting
question of laundering without losing
color or luster. The ordinary process of
boiling and rubbing means, ruined hosi
ery of the delicate sort.
Indeed, so heavy can the loss be from
careless washing of fine stockings that
a great many girls do up their own,
just as they do their laces and table
embroideries. Their plan Is to use warm
water made soft with borax and soapy
with castile soap. First they soak the
stockings for half an hour in cold borax
water, four teaspoonfuls fo a pall of
water. Then into a pail of water that
has just boiled is shaved a quarter of
a cake of soap with a tablespoonful of
borax.
The stockings are rubbed a few min
utes by hand, rinsed twice in cold
water and let drip dry In the shade.
Out of doors in the wind is best, but
surely out o* the sun. All of this means
not each laundering. And it's* worth
the trouble if you want to follow the
fad for pretty hosiery.Malf- Hour Witt) - Ux -Rorexirxx r*s
eUTOLIF.FE ' JiYNE. is .your typ- '
globe-trotter, whose
rpiaygr'ojuhd .is. the-five' continents
and-'-.. wHor£ .. sport . is-'the' seven
■ : .'.':.-'-seas/'.. 'Nig'eri.a.'.and U.nalaska are one ••
.'.'•' ■'to.'-hlnv '•• He knows- what' mountains to
. . climb in Sicira Leoq and what parts
of the coast to give a clear berth in
:.';.-Soiit.h^me : ri'^'a-..' Gqid.e books are uta .
known ie h'-ifp- and-the unbeaten tracks
off. the worlds highway offer opportun.- ■
'"■ Ity for fugitive rafnbies. 0 All this }s
Of more' than superficial -v alue, for Mr
Hyne writts. is -weil as travels and
the spots yn.-the globe
Where he bfl.s °" all wfTei him-.
great' pppb.-tuT'it-v to exercise his- story
telling procbvi .ies : One . who knows
•the world 3s crdHary indn idtfals know
v ■ 'of..their -own towns.it&
. :c\'-.- : h*d'at- : pf necessity;, bring the; fascination
.y. v tp the -telling of his
tales Jn -the brtQk of collected short
Stortea of- Hyne'Sf Atoms.of Empire,
thits;: rveryr.- eienient - gives strength to •
tales already-strong • •
TJttre is something Kjpllngesque in
5 : of detailing the affairs:
•. : X>t; spme.- pr:i3f.itain's ex'Ued s sns who.
are -marooned on one of these scattered
5 atoms-of empire," T-n the first . story
of this series. The.Bait * the narration;
, of .how tod pig-headed missionary
* ttif- 'sp'r'i rags', .of war to'moving
:•'•:.;.•. in/the ..'-West Coast • coldny. by' his- own
:. ; v-':'i.;'st-übTOrn blindness-recalls vividly some '
••:'^"^rftT.'lcijEi^ng's..-tales about offlcdaldom In'
: y: an'd'i'.-tfi'e uprisings in .the-' hill :
eo'un.tf'yi /-Again, the .story, of the chol- .
'.i.-erii'shi'p; which .drifted. In the doldrums"
'. ;with .'its. rotting' crew, sma. ks strongly
..' v qf..th«? s'ttn-glng. crude''strength of him .
| •who.-gave.."-The". Mah'!V\'ho . Would' Be.
• 'k^; v ;>''a'«.d- ; ;--iThe. City of "Dreadful
.''.■ Night' 1 -to 'the. world: : . Hyne's 'handling
■}"."■ of- the .dramatic ,is terse and dynamic:
.... 1 "-.-In a try .at. the.imaginative the authqr.
..'Vdoes *nbt -achieve: unqualified success;
| His stony "The .Lizard," which tells oi
/•'.•'ine-awakening of, a. prehistoric dinosaur'
in. a .gloomy cave, -is. vivid- but over
.:- drawn;', it- is. too . much on- the sensa
• tjonal order, to .be classed- as a-good.
.«.short story; • "The Mummy of T.homp>
' .' soq-Pratt"..is better but not .wholly
. o'riginaLfor Sir Conan' Doyle once wrote
• a-mummy, story having much the same
.y! central idea; The.description of the
.'- .great fire which-swept London off • the.
.' '/map'Js admirably well done- ahd'shows
• that Its -writer "can. do much with his
•• .imagination' once, he has'if in-control.
'•'. .'Some.of.-Mr. Hyne's. tales have their.
•' . location *in the TJnlted States. Here
■ the writer • exhibits the same atlper
; flclality -.'of observation' tHat we are
'• wont-: to' .charge -aH of. dur English
with. .In' one of the stories a
-.. 'man"is'made to. live in the depths of
.'•;• the Flprida . everglades, happy and
• 'right.'as a . trivet' in the matter of
'health and--comfort, even though it is
'. > .fact,, .as 'pur Southern friends know,
'•'•' that, .not- even-•• a mule ckn long
'• %»1d..--'orn ;to . life in -these • deadly.
:'swamps.' •; Again Hyne hds drawn &■
highly., drartiatit °'apd equally. lmp.'rob.-'
'•'able D'icture-:;.0f.-';;'a •' session' of Judge
• • €ourt jbvej* the crime of a Caro
• lina. moonshiner. The. tribunal cdn
ducts its business according .to Roberts'
• parliamentary ' rules '.and evidences a
:•• grave decorum and dignified restraint
upon. .activity which' is certainly not
' characteristic of a lynching bee, great-
•ly as .that lack 'may be- deplored.' *".
(The Macmlllan Company, New York;
price $1 50.) .*•-.-•
. . 9 '•
HUMOR
by a New Fun maker
OUR friends across the w^ter—the
English, the French, the Ger
mans—shake their heads, raise
their shoulders or- grunt according to
their respective codes when they say
that they cannot.appreciate or under
stand American humor. They have
tried manfully; the French have even
gone so far as to declare "Huckleberry
Finn" to be the creation par excellence
.of American letters. Our friends over
the pond will not, therefore, see.any
thing meritorious or even laughable in
the latest work of the latest American
humorist, "Cabbages and Kings," by O.
Henry. This because "Cabbages and
Kings" is in the' richest and most typi
cal vein of that same x-quantity whose
value is not yet discovered to Europe.
Mr. Henry (and let lt.be understood
that this is a pseudonym) possesses a
variety of fun entirely new and pecu
liar to itself. Incident, as with Mark
» Twain, bulks large in the make-un of
his humorous writings, but. to. rein
force this he brings to bear' a most
marvelous argot,'.not slang but rather
the patois of the man on the street.
This patois has litfje relation to the
classic slang of . George Ade or the
Bowery boy hodge-podge once so popu
lar with the public ear. for'it is a new
tongue, evolved out.of the author's owr
•sparkling might b<
: spoken were people only clever enougl
'to devise it- extemporaneously. Witl
: this rarely humorous diction, then, ant
with incidents the most ludicrous aboui
which-to hang a'tale, 0.--Henry tells
:'stories that : .'are ' bubbling over witb
laughter. Such stories are "Cabbages
and- Kings." ' •
" Though the book poses as a-novel if is
'lltt-K? elsi? than a-collection of-' shor'tei
'.tales all. conforming: to the--unity'.of
• place and loosely bound together by
the • pre'senfe '-throughout all of. the
[stories of the same.'ch'aractere s It hrs
..'to' tell of 'the broad farce that rules.
: betweefi-the.-tropics.o't Cancer and. of
'■• Capricorn. Even- as the Walrus spoke
.to the Carpenter:'.
' Of shoes "and ships a«3 seall'PS' "*'*»*
And cabbages And kings,
soothe author 'of this droll book finds
.fun-In the equally*, inconsequential and
■diversified. aspects : of life '.and politics
.that .hofcl sway over the eruptive little
'republics- down on the Isthmus neck.
•-.Runaway Presidents, vagrant commer-
wolves, rag-tag-and-bobtkil offi
'.cials of republics and the -.ovefindul
: .gent,: labor shunning' American Consul
.an-bring , grist to Mr.' O: Henry's mill.
Sometimes • quick tragedy flashes out
1 or'bints at its-near presence, but the
; usual order Ms rollicking farce, Spon
. taneous does not aptly characterize the
iparticular bouquet' pf the writer's hu
: -mbr"; it is explosive; to repress the
. :la'ugb would be to cause, serious'lnter
nal -disorder-on the. part of the one so
: : doing. The man. who could read
• through, the. story of the Irishman who
shipped to Guatemala to lead an in
' stfrrectlon and ended by ."grading the
,"tropics .with .a . pick" and shovel"—the
-.map who could read this and keep a
- stony face should be accorded the serv
ices of a specialist in neurotic diseases.
' (McClure, Phillips & Co., New York;
• price $1 50.). ' .
• * . —-w-e
WORDS'
. and Laces Again
OF .that-class of interesting and
Improbable stories of. love and
war which seem to catch the eye
of a goodly majority of readers for a
moment and then slip into the
'Umbo of forgotten things is Charles G.
: D. Roberts' ..latest, "The Prisoner of
1 •Mademoiselle.'' To-day it ■ flourishes
1 on the bookstalls; tq-morrow, like the
•flower, it withe'reth land is known no
'-. more. . .
' While the forest primeval still stood
'in Acadia there came to. the shores of
1 the French colony, a young colonial
•from Boston, on plunder bent. For
; saken by his ship-through the vagaries
'of fortune, this young gentleman falls
a prisoner tb a very charming young
. lady, the ward ,of the Governor, and
1 by her is surreptitiously confined iri a
deserted blockhouse. Of course, his
•life 4s in immediate danger of speedy
• termination, and nothing but the wiles
'..of the fair ; maid .avail to keep the
ndose from • the young Bostonian's
neck. Equally obvious Is the fact that,
the . girl is to' be .forced into a mar
.-.riage against her- inclination. With
'the* two and two of circumstance thus
.'arranged what can be the sum of the
' • novel's plot but four, and how can two
'. loving hearts be other than one in
: the final reckoning? . Ring the bell for
' the curtain.
Nowadays when the seasoned reader
-'picks tip a bpok like "The Prisoner of
Mademoiselle" his ' chief enjoyment
comes from reading the first three
- chapters and then closing the book,
•without even a thumb keeping the
•place, to construct the remainder of
the story out of the fund of his ex
perience with others of the ilk. It is
' said that Poe forecasted the plot of
one of Dickens' novels while it was
still in its early serial publication.
That was worth while in Poe's day,
1 but in the present year of grace artd
heyday of novel writing one need not
have written a "Mystery of Marie
Rdget" to repeat that notable per
' forraance with. ease.
(L. C. Page & Co., New York; illus
-1 trated; price $1 60.)
i ♦
[ VILLAIN
; and Hero Combined
CLIVE HOLLAND'S new novel,
"A Japanese Romance," throws
to the winds all of the conven
• tions of. Action writing. For in this
; story the hero and the villain are
! one;, that is, a very villainous hero,
• who is likewise scarcely an heroic vll
! lain, plays the leading part in a little
• .tragedy of love.. As the hero he gains
. • his Inevitable reward; as the villain
;'he misses his inevitable punishment;
! so at the end the tally counts up all
• in favor of the hero and being a vil
lain as well seems to invite not $he an
cient scheme of divine punishment.
This merging of the antithetic per
sonages established by the -/ws el
romance ac necessary nxti-ves;'in any
tale of romantic flavor produces an ef
fect not althogether se{^r&ctoJy.' Here
is a young artist come to to
study. At first his interest ziy? then
his sympathy is stirred for a |9aii*Crul'
little Japanese girl who loves m.n with
adoration and he marries her*fe*.ri<
en regie" with every intention jf fluk
ing her his honored wife, SlUuiV tif-e.
barriers of race and iflcomhtU«ty v off
thought and language begin
themselves between the artisuand hisV
girl wife. Through no fault of the glriV
h< r husband s love begins to wane*C
thoughts of another woman, one* of hiss
own race, supplant the nearer viewVfn ,
his heart; he wishes to rid himself jrf ,i
his Japanese wife and marry arV Eng
lish woman. Ruthlessly, almost formal
ly, he tears cut the heartstrings of his
blindly loving little woman, leaves her
and her baby to hope in vain for his
return and sails away to England,
there to gain the hand of the woman
of his desire. The forsaken girl in
chrysanthemum land takes her own
life.
This is not a romance that Mr. Hol
land has written; it is a transcript
from realism and should not. there
fore, be given the name and the form
of a romance. If it is a romance then
should we see retribution instead of
reward visited upon the head of the
man who breaks Mio-San's heart. As it
is, the author leaves the reader very bit
terly, disposed toward that cruelly self
ish and unthinking artist and wonder
ing just where the tale can sink an
anchor in solid ground of appreciation.
(Frederick A. Stokes Company, New
York; illustrated; price, $1.50.)
*
SWEET
Poems of Childhood
THERE are two kinds of poems of
childhood: those written for chil
dren themselves to read and those
which the grown-un likes to linger
over. What Eugene Field wrote and '
what James Whitcomb Riley writes are
the poems of children that'are'meant
to sing themselves to the hearts of
children of a larger growth. To do this
successfully is to do much. 'Two books
of rhymes upon my table come from
writers who have done this thing suc
cessfully. The reading of their little
books is a great pleasure.
Rowland C. Bowman has collected
his verses about children (not for chil
dren, mind you) into a thin volume
called "Freckles and Tan." Twenty
five brief bits of rhyme that reflect the
heart interests of small todgers through
the whole gamut of emotions, from love
for "Our Old Ma-Cat" to "RoothV for
the Peg." Each of Mr. Bowman's
verses has to give some message of
innocent fun or spell some token of
endearment. All of them carry back
to the time when knickers and pina
fores were our badges of citizenship
and the world was very beautiful.
Here is how the writer sweeps away
the intervening years:
Now my memory turn* boy ward.
Back, way back to Billy Hood.
Back where duty uaed to bind -me
To the bucksaw and the wood;
Back, where Billy used to call me
Prom his yard across the way:
"Hoo-oo! Hoo-o*.! Hi. there. Fat-tee-ec!
Come on over here and play;
Come on over here to our house,
Bring your sling-shot and a club;
There's a bullfrog in tbe cellar
Slttln' underneath the tub."
Then I'd holler back to Billy:
"I'd come over if I could,
But I can't come Just at present;
I must stay and buck the wood."
(Rand, McNally & Co., Chicago;
illustrated.)
"Lyrics of Childhood," by Edward
Mayhugh, contains more varied verse
than Bowman's. Besides giving some
typical boys' rhymes about "The Bum
ble-Bee," "How to Burn a Heap" and
kindred bits of infant wisdom the au
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
tnor of this thin sheaf ot verse has
-~<j3*T one "i tvA # very. deJicate lullabl-js.
Set to music Whey" would be sweet
mother-songs. Here is one of them:
The day is done and fn the west
- The after glow Is gleaming;
„. And. sweet, the nestings are at re*l- I
Neath ddwny wings are dreaming,
r The owl hoots in -the thicket drear.
In the elm hi* vigils keening;
While mother sing* In tones so clear
And baby He? half sleeping.
Sleep, sleep, gently sleep,
While owls their vlgtls keep.
Idly dreaming.
Moonbeam* gleaming.
While m/ baby lies asleep.
(The Grafton Press, New York;
price $1.)
A MORAL
Plus a Dull Tale
/T is hard sophisticated
reader to be wTOlly serious over
Sarah P. Greene's story, "Deacon
Lysander." I believe this is due to
the fact that the author has taken
herself so seriously, for like the books
of old time, moral, with an upper case
M, loomsJarge in the foreground, and
Dtacon Lysander, his sprightly wife
and the other characters of the story
seem to be moved entirely by the
finger of the Deity instead of by any
individual volition. "Faith, hope and
charity*' one expects to find printed
at the finis line, "and the greatest of
these is charity."
Uncle Lysander is what would be
rudely called a "come on" by the glib
tongued piccaroon of a large city. He
carries a monkey-wrench and a saw in
the bottom of his carpet bag when he
goes to Washington, D. C, and wears
"j/cube" whiskers and a beaver hat.
His wife, Candace', is a second Saman
tha. Together they leave the good .
old farm "back Hampshire way" in
quest of gayety and happiness. The
nation's capital seems to offer the
most promising field and thither they
betake themselves in their simple.
Arcadian innocence, beaming with
kindness and love for their fellow man.
They find trouble. The boarding
house where they have located them
selves proves to be a ■ broken down
school for young ladies and the three
proprietresses are veritable vixens.
Between turning the other cheek to
the assaults of these Misses Dove and
hunting the wide city o'er to see if
there are not some darky children to
whom they may gratuitously feed
cream puffs or refunding? a poor, mis
guided woman her losses at the races,
Deacon Lysander and Deacon Ly
sander's good wife are kept busy put
ting the Sermon on the Mount Into
practice.
Stories such as this are valuable
form the viewpoint of ethics and the
religious life, and I doubt not that
many a person will be the better for
reading the same, but as fiction for
fiction readers this genre of literature
is not a success. Perhaps the fault
lies with the fiction reader—who can
sey?
(Baker & Taylor Company, New
York; illustrated; price $125.)
BRIEFS
on Recent Books
y» LITTLE story which came out
3w in holiday time, but which was
overlooked in the hurry of re
viewing that weighed down the writer
of these columns, deserves his tardy
apologies -for the neglect it incurred.
This book is M«>. Frances Hodgson
Burnett's "In the Closed Room." In this
weird little study of childhood the au
thor has put into story form that beau
tiful idea which the poet Wordsworth )
brings to us in his "Intimations of
Immortality"-that children are so
much nearer the mystical source of our
being than are adults; that in them
there is a half realized memory of
events that befell them when they were
Hot bl this ht.r. that the unknown, yet
so fresh in their experience, has few
of the terrors of the unknowable. With
a delicateness of touch and a tendc"
insight into the very fundamentals of
the psychology of childhood Mrs. Bur
nett has woven about this central
theme a story which has in it an ir
resistible appeal to our tenderest emo
tions, which brings home to each of
us a realization of the beauty that is
innocent childhood.
(McClure, Phillips A Co., New York;
illustrated: price $1 50.)
"Her Fiance" is the title of a little
book of short stories about college girls
from the facile pep of Josephine Dodge
Daskam. There are four of them,
bright, snappy and full of the typical
flavor of camaraderie that obtains
in Smith, Wellesley and Vassar. That
each of them has something to do with
the tender passion does no; -disqualify
them fur classification as college girls'
'stories'. ~ Mrs. Bacon's sketchy way of
outlining a plot and catching the drift
r conversation makes all of her stories
breezy and volatile things which do
nothing more than amuse, but do that
admiiiably. In this collection-the Bketch
of the college flirt that bears the title
of the book, "Her Fiance," and "The
Adventures of an Uncle," detailing
the amazing things that result from
Introducing a bachelor into college so
ciety—these two are clever bits of
short story work.
(Henry Altemus & Co., Philadelphia;
illustrated.)
"The First American King," by
G£rge Gordon Hastings, is after the
manner of "Looking Backward" and
"Caesar's .Column," books which had
a tremendous; vogue In their day. The
story narrates the events which befall
two .men who suffer a long sleep and
awake toward the end of the present
century to find that the United States
Is enjoying the rule of its first King.
The author very cleverly shows what
he believes to be the inevitable outcome
of, present day industrial and sociologi
cal tendencies- Riches are the touch
stone to the aristocracy of this hypo
thetical kingdom and the richest man
in the world, "William Rockingham."
attains the highest place In the nation.
Throughout the whole story the writer
shows admirable consistency in devel
oping results from present causes and
his book is one well worth reading from
a standpoint other than that of jiure
fiction.
(The Smart Set Company. New York;
price $1.)
General Charles King runs Cyrus
Townsend Brady a close race for the
honor of being the most prolific story
writer of two continents; indeed, it has
been all of six months since Mr. Brady
published a story and in that time his
warrior compatriot in letters has
franked two novels with his potent
nahie. The last one, "Comrades in
Arms." is as good as any General King
has written and in that point be has
ROBERT W.
RITCHIE..
the advantage of the lately Rev. Brady.
A new hook by General King: always
means a new draught on war's alarms
and the excitement of battle, for these
are the condiments of the soldier's
books. This ktst story embraces the
Spanish war in part and reproduces
with spirit if not with absolute fidelity
some of the stirring incidents of the
short campaign. The author's charac
ters all bear the King stamp; there is
the usual daughter of the regiment, the
somewhat stereotyped mlsmated cou
ple and the familiar coterie of mar
riageable young men of the post. A
somewhat involved plot would prove
cumbersome did not General King cram
his tale full of livening incident.
(The Hobart Company, New York;
illustrated; price $1 50.)
In "Our Search for the Missing Mil
lions" a San Francisco gentleman not
unknown in legal circles tells of the
adventures which befell certain treas
ure dazzled Individuals of this city In
their quest of burled pelf. The inci
dents of their Inglorious return empty
handed and hot of heart against the
wily old sea dog whose tale had in
spired the chase after a will-o'-the-wisp
are still fresh enough in the commu
nity's mind to make a Teading of this
confession of one of the gold hunters
more than of passing interest. After
all is said and done In the matter of
7 protest and recrimination the reader
cannot but have a sly admiration for
tha patriarchal Old "Captain Brawn"
(his name is thus thinly disguised)
through the very force of his craft.
The rare old gentleman found his fish
and he gathered them safely Into his
net. A man who is passed a gold brick
here in San Francisco does not write
a book about it; If the gilded cube is
handed to him in the South Seas has
he then the better excuse to burst glow
ing into print?
(Brown & Power. 412 California
street; illustrated; price 11.)
At first sight the reader may suspect
the publishers of trading upon the sen
sational value of a tragic incident In
publishing the letters of Mrs. Nelly
Gore, the Oakland young woman who
met a violent death in the Paris studio
of a prominent teacher of music two
years ago. But upon reading the book
one becomes convinced that there is
enough worth In its contents to justify
its publication, irrespective of the sen
sational incidents surrounding the
•death of its writer. "Your Loving
Nell" Is the title. The contents em
brace the letters written home by the
young woman while pursuing a higher
musical education abroad. In them
selves they form almost a complete
story, telling as they do the intimate
things of the greatest musical cdnerva
tories and the life that is led by those
who have devoted themselves to music
study. One interested in the art will
surely find a great deal of fascinating
matter-in this book.
(Funk & Wagnalls Company, New
York; price $1.)
"Poems, Lyric and Dramatic," a
book of collected magazine verse
from the pen of Ethel-Louise Cox,
can hardly be said to sound any new
or startling note in poetical writing.
In almost every verse of her collec
tion the poet exhibits creditable skill
at the technique of creation, but lacks
any compelling strength of spirit and
inspiration. Her , lines upon Psyche,
her praises of love, her painting of a
May morning are but echoes of what
numbesless poets have sung before.
Miss Cox's spirit of song is not ro
bust, neither has it great creative pow
er. In the dramatic poems, notably
that one entitled "Combat With the
Dragon," the movement-h? strained
and the tragic periods founded on in
sufficient dramatic incident. In this
poem on the slaying of a dragon Miss
Cox introduces a novelty—a dragon
singing his swan song: '
Then with bubbling blood.
It passed tn music wonderful and strange!
(Richard G. Badger, Boston.)
Now that a new year is upon ua
and Father Time has again to adjust
himself to a new schedule of moons
and days there have been those who
i have had the grace to put his dry
i schedule Into appealing form. Cal
endars of all sorts there are; not a
; few that are quite fetching. One oi
these is the calendar of girls, which
i comes from the pen of Miss M. M.
i Case of this city. Girls* heads, four
: of them, set off attractively the four
. seasons of the year. They are done
: in pen and ink work, very creditably,
i H. S. Crocker Company publish the
worK. Another calendar, of sinister
import, is "Look • Before You Leap."
which is on sale at the New Book
Store. The tale told by the degener
ation of .the -shoes should combat
President Roosevelt's ardent theory
concerning race suicide. _ *
SCRAPS
About the Writers
ONE of the most important retail
book stores in the,. Middle West
evolved a novel idea for the dis
play of "Old Gorgon Graham,'' the
new book by George' Horace Lorimer.
author of "Letters From a Self-Made
Merchant to His Son." A Window, dis
play illustrative largely of the pork
packing industry was arranged. Hams'
and bacon, as well as likenesses of
little pigs, were strung up around piles
of the books. . Over all Hung the sign
Graham &X'o.. Pork Parkers."
The result brought not oniy'large
sales but some complications". • One old
German woman'came In and insisted
Upon knowing the price of the hams,
and actually. ordered one sent to her
home. After the display: had. ' been
dosed people came In for several days
asking whether this store were not the
new packing-house which fhey had
heard was established on* Cleveland's
•pain street.
O. Henry, who has brought out his
first novel in "Cabbages and Kings," a
rollicking tale of humorous doings In a
small Central American republic, is a
true soldier of fortune. He is still a
very young man, but he has lived a
varied life. He has been a cowboy,
sheep herder, merchant, salesman, min
er and a great many other nameless
things in the course of .a number of
very full years spent doing our West, ,
Southwest, Mexico, South and Central
America. Mr. Henry (which, of course,
is not his name) went about with a
keen eye, and supplemented it by a
ready note book, into which he Jotted
down his impressions and things note
worthy that happened his way. Ha
carried an abundant good fellowship
and humor with him,' and saw the
bright and amusing side of things, as
his stories bear sufficient witness. Tne
conjunction and contrast of absurdity
and dignity in both the plot and word
ing of his stories make them something
quite as original as the work of Mark
Twain, Bill Xye, or George Ad'e. In'
fact, Mr. Henry has quite Justified his
title as the' new American humorist.
"Frank Danby," which name appears
on the title page of "Baccarat." Just
published, a new.novel that has al
ready attracted wide attention by rea
son of its literary quality and dramat-.
Ie situations of English society, is the
pseudonym of Mrs. Julia Frankas, the
wife of a wealthy London merchant
and a leader in London society—liter
ary, artistic and theatrical. She lives
in a beautiful home in Clarges street,
Mayfair, and Is widely known for her
entertainments. She Is the author of
several other novels, but none which
met with the success of "Pigs in Clov
er," published early this year, and of
her new novel "Baccarat."
New Books Received
FAR FROM THE MADDENING
GIRLS —Guy Wetmore Carryl; Mc-
Clure, Phillips A Co., New York; il
lustrated.
CABBAGES AND KINGS—O. Henry;
McClure, Phillips A Co., New York.
THE COUNTRY HOME—E. P.
Powell; McClure. Phillips A Co., New
York; Illustrated.
FRENCH HOME COOKING—Ber
the Julienne Low; McClure, Phillips A
Co., New York. 1
VERROCCHIO — Maud Gruttwell;
Charles Scribner's Sons, New YdTk;'il
lustrated; price, $2.
MEDIAEVAL ART—W. R. Lethaby;
Charles Scribner's Sons, New York; il
lustrated; price, $2.
VIOLIN—PauI Stoeving; Charles
Scribner's Sons, New York; Illustrated;
price, Jl 25.
CALIFORNIA AND ITS MISSIONS.
Bryan J. Clinch; Whitaker A Ray Co.;
San Francisco; illustrated; two* vol
umes; price, $5.
MUSINGS AND PASTELS —Bert
Fink: J. P. Morton A Co., Louisville,
Ky. *
JULIUS CAESAR — The "First
Folio" Shakespeare—edited by Char
lotte Porter and Helen A. Clarke;
Thomas Y. Crowell A Co., New York;
price, cloth, 50 cents.
OMAR CAYENNE—GeIett Burgess;
Frederick A. Stokes Company, New
York.
PHILOSOPHY IN A NUTSHELL—
Alice Kingsbury Cooley: published
privately, San Francisco.
THB SIN OF DAVlD—Stephen
Phillips; The Macmillan Company,
New York; price, 51 25.
AjryV^TISE^ENTS.
1 removedl
U From Second Floor to Ground »
0 Floor. o
| TheWhitaker J
| <& Roy Co. I
'j Are Now Located At g
1 711 Mission Street. |
g Opposite Grand Opera-house, g
8 And Have an Increased
8 Stock of O
§ BOOKS OF EVERY KIND, g
§ SELL WHOLESALE §
I? and RETAIL- *'
150 Prize
IWinners
in the Puzzle
Cbntesf
December 18.
are - the names at .the'
I lucky 150 prize winners in the
.l . puxzle contest of December. 18,
the names of .articles sold in a"
dry goods, stpre. •
Horace Keeley, 110 Geary street, •
-San Prancistp; Harry Levirtson,. SS
Cumberland street, San Francisco;
SteW.ar.t Peck,.-So* East Twenty-fifth
street Oakland? Bert c Bastian, 1716.
EieThih:Street;'Oakland; Nora' Wilton,
Petaluma;
August: Jacquof,' 342 San. Carlos ave
nue, San Friahcis'oo : ; Howard Johnscn,
Occidental;. • Dora \ Vqodry, Stockton;
Marian Freeman,' .1123 Sanchez-stfeet,
San Francisco; Thelma Whitehurst,
Gljroy;'..''Laurence.: Mpofe,--Santa Rosa;
Edith Hanchett, 1233 Eighth' avenue,
Sap ; Francisco; Elizabeth Winn, • box
idsV.Berkeley; ;Hy Robertson, Oakley;
. sic' .Oakland avenue,
; da.lkVn* ;;• Helen - Stiles, Vallejo; Mar
jorle Fairgrifcve, 10268 Shotwell-
Street,: San Francisco;. D. French, 31
Elevenths-street. San-Francisco; Ahce
Hyde, street, San
Francisco; ■: Lawrence 'Ashworth, Sac-
Sanderson, Campbell;
.Mar f-c> Linubers', 2137 Hearst avenue,
Berkeley; Frank Spefifcer« 3374 Nine
teenth-street,. Francisco; Robert
■.ife'ungeri .Sacramento;' George Ryer
s'on;; 21.33 Union street, San Francisco;
fßojnjiy' B're.ese, Central Bank, Oak
land-; Elsie Woods, Alameda; George
•St.6ke.V- Fru'ityale;- Georgie Watson.
$73.- -Eddy, street, San Francisco; Eric
Street; 110 Twenty-eighth street, San
iFrartcisco.; Ethel' Thralls; San Miguel;
L. Suren, .IS' Turk, street,' San Fran
.c'isc'oi Hanold."Rapp;.lßo Perry street,
Sah '..-Francisco]; Fred' Bauer, .310
Vicksbtirg.street', San Francisco; Eiva
.Coujthard, Palo Alto; • Lottie Hotv-
.'.Glen- Ellen;. .Gladys- Un
dcrhijl,-. .."Stfn; Mateo; Ella Bos
•tick','..--2».7.'. Hyde street,- San Fran
cisco; Irene Wissing, 240 Fourteenth
.-'stresfLv San Francisco;. Augusta Bente,
. 562;-: "thirty-second- street, Oakland;'
-Ruth Andersdn, 1626 Eddy street, San
.Fran'pisco; Grayton Long, Haywards;
'.Q.--Wa.dams, .Santa.'Clara; Elbert Ken
nedy;.-; Ruth • Newcbmb,
'-'Stockton;-..Al'ma J3oyle,-.2806 Howard
sireel-, San .Francisco; Philip, Dexter.
Alameda; Edith- Frailer, •Sacramento;.
■ Rachel.Nathan, 125% Silver street, San
'.Francisco-; May Latimer.' 319 Najto'ma
.'street,-' San ' Francisco.; Eliza Lash,
.Suis'un;'--'lhez''..Quinne,-. Palo Alto;
James Matthews, 1807 Market street,.
Oakland; Mac • petrick, 1709- Eddy,
street,, San Francisco;/ Jackson Wei
tbeimer, '700 Hayes street, San Fran
cisco; R.« W. Fontana. Batavia; M.
Audrain, Burlingame; Madd Richard
son, Petaluma;* Eva Osborn, Turlock
Etna Brown," Turlock;. Katie Taylor,
858 Castro street, Oakland; Jake Car
michael, San Jose; Herbert Roland,
West Berkeley; • Dora Elson, Benicfa;
Leland-Meyer, Santa Clara; Maud Rus
sell, Haywards; Hazel Rison,-Ala
meda; George Wihr, 11 Metropolitan
avenue, San Francisco; Agnes Zim
merman,* Visalia; Hoa'dley Johnson,
Occidental; Lucile Edwards, Ukiah;
B. S. Garrison, 1113 Twelfth avenue,
.East Oakland; Ruth Benning, 4172
Ninth street, San Francisco; Herbert
Eison, Benicia; Helen Haver, 740
Guerrero street, San Francisco; Jennie
Harriß, 1610 McAllister street, San
Francisco; A. Vivian, '623 Harrison
street, San Francisco'; Edward Wag
ener,.2oll Green street, San Francisco;.
L. Hurtzig," 509 2 ,is Fulton street,. San
' Francisco; Milton Richter, 501 Geary
.Street, San Francisco; F. Tower,. 536
McAllister street, San Francisco;
Henry Frlcke, 1167 McAllister street,
San Francisco; Ralph Pollock, 1225
Golden Gate avenue, San Francisco;
Ada Fryer, 751 Guerrero street, San
Francisco; Alice Mitchel t OroylUe;
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALII
Erma Taggart, 402 Locus* street, San
Francisco; Dora Brink, Lakeport: Wil
lie Cain, Monterey: Patience Nott,
Lakeport; Delbert Crosby, Sacramento;
D. Schmidt, Cordelia; H. Gefrish, 1136
O'Farrell street, San Francisco; Vio
lette Jones, Merced; Daisy Pendergast,
Vallejo; Emma Lillie, Lodi; Flo Rob
inson, Gridley; Nona Douglas, 1120'
EASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
Fop Tnose Who ThSS2 T©-Day.
X Now, children, as Christmas is over with, the Puzzle Editor give you a chance to show what you j j
>? know about toys. There are represented here the names of eight toys and they are all such as every ! |
H self-respecting Santa Clans should hare bestowed upon you or some member of your family. For that j I
i| reason the Puzzle Editor will not enlighten you upon any of the terms this week, but expects you all to get j
» your answers in bright and early. «
ll; Remember the new list of books, which will run for a few weeks only, and pay particular attention \f> t
j'i; to the rules and regulations of the contest. «
h Here are some particular points to bear in mind. ALWAYS BE ABSOLUTELY CERTAIN THAT |j
jj: YOU GIVE YOUR ADDRESS CORRECTLY AND LEGIBLY, for several dozen hooks have been returned ||
! | because of incorrect addresses. So if your name was published and yon did not receive a book please |:
j write to the Puzzle Editor. |j
ft REMEMBER THE RULES CONCERNING PICTURES. Don't send in nntoned proofs or stamp ||
photos, unless they are very plain. Those who work hard hut are so unlucky as to just miss may get their
picture in as a reward for trying. Pictures never appear at the same time with the names. v
: \ THERE ARE ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY PRIZES, and this is what you most do to win one of j
'4', them: ■< !
Find the names of toys on this page and write them out In the space opposite the proper cor- I !
S; responding numbers provided for the purpose In the coupon on this pace, as per directions; fill in the con
«! pon with your name and address ami jrive the prise you desire—if you win—and send the coupon to the | |
|; EDITOR OF THE NAME PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday Call, San Francisco, Cal. j
! | REMEMBER—To the FIRST ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY BOYS AND GIRLS who solve the eight ! '
ill puzzles correctly, one of these ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY BEAUTIFUL PRIZES will be awarded. #
'& And don't forget this next point, because it Is very important: ALL ANSWERS MUST REACH THIS
!S OFFICE BY FRIDAY NOON. This gives all those in the country an equal chance to compete. Read every. J j
'<)' thing on this page, to be sure that you overlook nothing that will help you to win a prize. ;jj
s4 THE NAMES OF THE LUCKY WINNERS WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL TWO !
' ! WEEKS FROM TO-DAY, January 15.
These arc the TEN BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may choose If yon solve all the puzzles cor- «
'X; rectly: H
<| Hollyberrles from Dickens; Roses from Longfellow; Pansies from Shakespeare; Violets from Tenny- «
;|; son; Da'sirs from Stevenson; Pearls from Whitticr; Gems from Janaes Whitcomb Riley; Gems from Holmes; w
|h; Gems from Lowell; Gems from Emerson. >>
Hampshire street. San Francisco; L
Nolan. 24 Henry street, San Francisco
Arthur Eggers, 202 Gough street, Sat
Francisco: Louise Grosbauer, 21'
Gough street, San Francisco; H. To
wer, 536 McAllister street, San Francis
co; Mary Johnson, Vallejo; May Taylor
858 Castro street. San Francisco; Nel
lie Kommer, 3835 A my street, Sai
Francisco; Gladys Johnson, Santa
Cruz; Dolphe DeCell, Vallejo; Elwyn
Rayburn, Sausalito; Hartford Rapp, 185
Parry street, San Francisco; L. Cordes,
Berkeley; Carleton Martyn, Sacramen
to; Helen Hayes, 2009 Pine street, San
Francisco; Josephine Ibbotson, 1616
Larkln street, San Francisco; Eleanor
McClatchy, Sacramento; Allison Rouse,
Visalia; Feme Johnson, 1868 Page
street, San Francisco; Charlie Baciga
lupi, 2113 Mason street, San Francisco;
Ruby Smith, 731 San Bruno avenue,
San Francisco; Martha Montick, 207
Hyde street, San Francisco; Beatrice
Miner, 126% Liberty street, San Fran
cisco; Jessye Jacobs, Alameda; Harry
Algeo, Santa Cruz; Dottle Ltnding, San
Pablo; Katherlne Eberle, Berkeley;
Charles Manifold, Alameda; John May
berry, Antioch; Aileen Wells, Stockton;
Ruth Mathews, Sacramento; Fred
Westphal, 915 Pine street, San Francis
co; John Baldwin, 2513 Pacific avenue,
San Francisco; James Levinson, 88
Cumberland street, San Francisco;
Constance McFarland, Benicla; Nellie
Loran, 12 Academy street, San Francis
co; Gladys Kimmel, 1110 Willow street,
Oakland; Ivy Roland, West Berkeley;
Merle Bowler, Alameda; Lucille Car
rington, 1243 Fulton street, San Fran
cisco; Willie Magary, 1007 Dolores
street, San Francisco; Harry Bradley,
Alameda; Vadle Rudolph, 1575 Jackson
street, San Francisco; Dot Egilbert,
Chico; Annie Eaton, 148 Tenth street,
San Francisco; Grace Patterson, Min
turn; Drummond Browning, Hay
wards; J. B. Burros, Napa; Agnes
O'Connor, 3837 Seventeenth street, San
Francisco; Joe Dieves, 914 Wood street,
Oakland; Geraldlne Bausch, 1417 Cas
tro street, Oakland; H. Brickwedel,
Alameda; Ernest Ker, 117 Lyon street,
San Francisco.
Soke the 1 lizzies,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. P.
To Puzzle Editor. Sunday Call.
San Francisco:
Below In their proper nan
hers please find my solution of
the names .of toys in this
week's puzzle*;
» .
► . •
> 4.-•••.-.-.-•'•••••••••••••-*•-•
j
i 7 ..•*••.._..«••««
: January 1, 1905.
I) Name «»«««»»»«»»»v»»•»•»«wi»r»
| Street or P. O.. •*••■•»•»
? City
State n«fMNio«*«MM
|| It I win I choose tor prise
i (See List of Prizes.)HANDY ANDY, THE MAN OF GOOD INTENTIONS
HIS HAIR,TONIC.AT.LEAST. PROVES A PRONOUNCED:SUCCESS.
SUNDAY
THE, jfflB* CALLWHY CERTAINLY! KNOW-IT-ALL JAKE KNEW JUST
• HOW TO CURE A BALKY HORSE!
PETER BA'RNUM POTTS GIVES A SLACKWIRE PERFORMANCEWILLIE WISE AMD TOMMY TUFF THOUGHT THEY'D GET
SIMPLE SAMMY AND HIS PUP INTO TROUBLE* BUT DID THEY? A
JOHNNY SMART WHO DOES STUNTS
HE MADE GOOD £V CHANCW
ft *TROUBLES OF-THE FISH FAMILY
M F A LITTLE" LOOK AT THE REAL INSIDE HOME LIFE
THE ONION SISTERS AND MR. CORN FRITTERS ARE AT OUTS '
m - — i ii 11wiui "nimrßfiiiiniiiiim i imma-±-**m*mmMmmmmmmmmmHmmm^^Pages 17 to 26
rn\inr\M EA VP<Z in the form of the old curiosity shop, the palace vam^ffq
LWlNlJvJlN r/vJVLJj OF KING HENRY VIII AND THE INN OF DOCTOR JOHNSON iUUL I /y1Ni\LL.J
Inquiries Prove
Tfieu Are Not
Genuine.
RUSE DRAWS COIN
Americans Good
Customers of
Places.
HISTORYDEFAMED
.'. LONDON, -Dec. 31.—Not long: ago a
more or less official investigation was
made into the history of the pictur
esque Fleet-street - barber-shop that
for years -has 'been described by its
proprietor'as. "formerly the palace of
Henry VIII and Cardinal Wolsey."
The investigation committee's findings
have just been made public, and they
prove, conclusively that the place was
never a palace at all, and that neither
'. the much-married sovereign- por his
much-tried prelate'ever lived there.'
' • This means that of the three London
establishments that Americans practi
cally. ■ support because they believe
' them' :to. be interesting links with the.
pajst, -two are absolute fakes. It has 
beep. p6inted out 'in the London press
'only recently that while the th.ird of
these'places-, has real claims to historic
Interest, its rights to the distinction on
the Strength- of which it has been a gold
"mine #o. its owner is open to doubt.
>).,• OLD. TRADITION UPSET.
7 ; To the thousands of Americans who
•\fia.vje* .visited ai)d patronized the quaint
Jitil'e' waste-paper, establishment in
\ Portsmouth street, Lincoln's -Inn
•'.Fields, that calls itself "The Old' Curi
"asity.'.?hop Immortalized by .Charles
Dickens,'.' it may "be rather a shock to
Kear ' that, its proprietor's assurances
. to - .the 'contrary "notwithstanding," - the
fcuildlng is. no more the one where Little
.V3ty»irand .her grandfather lived than the
Fleet-street barber-shop is a 'former
/'residence of Bluff King Hal.
Tbou°gh it seems a pity to upset a
pleasing tradition! Investigation proves
.-that■(while "The Old Cheshire Cheese"
In Fleet street may have been visited
• by "rjr.- Samuel Johnson, it almost cer
tainly was- not. one of his favorite
haunts and not the scene of his famous
, .symposia. • with Bosweil and Oliver
Goldsmith. Yet probably nine out of
c.very ten Americans who visit London
make-a point-of either lunching o.r din
.ing at the "Cheese" in order to see
."Johnson's seat" there, just as nine
,'out 'of; every ten pay .visits to and in
. crease the revenues of "The Old Curi
osity Shop" and the "Palace of Henry
'VHP and Cardinal Wolsey."' .. •
; . 'SOT LITTLE NELL'S HOME.
' The so-called "palace" is a tolerably
good hair-dressing establishment; the
'"Old Curiosity Shop" carries on a fair
..trade *in waste -paper, and the "Che
' shire Cheese" really Is over 300 years
'•old and a first-rate place to go to im
agine oneself back in the London Of
Queen Anne and to get a real English
chop, a mug of "bitter" and some of
■the pudding which is the place's spec
ialty. Probably all three of these es
tablishments would be prosperous in
' any event, 'but it is simply and solely
because of the Americans, who pat
ronize them under the fond delusion
that they are what they pretend to be,
' that each is a little Klondike to its
•owners.
Only the shop's proprietor. Carter,
knows how many American men have
been shaved and how many more
American women had tbines done to
their hair at 17 Fleet street Just be
cause they believed the Immense sign
which tops the place. This distinctly
states that the place was "formerly tha
palace" of Henry VIII and Cardinal
Wolsey."
Probably, however, the number of
people who have been duped by the
claims of the "palace" is nothing; to
that- of those whom the "Old Curiosity
Shop'" has deceived. On the strength
of its claim, also made in big letters on
Its outer walls, that It is the one "im
THE^CALL
mortalized by Charles* Dickens." this
shop does a roaring business with
Americans who visit it on the etrensrth
of iti» supposed associations. They buy
postcards bearing pictures of the place,
photographs and paintings of it (most
of the latter showing Little Nell and
her grandfather in the doorway!) and
Dickens' works in all sorts of editions
and at highly advanced prices.
PALACE IS SPURIOUS.
It has been said so emphatically that
"Wolsey's Palace" and the "Old Curi
osity Shop" are humbugs that the
statement should be substantiated
without delay. Regarding the first, it
was some question as to the desirability
of acquiring its "freehold" that led the
city officials to investigate its history
not long ago. Then it was shown that,
far from having ever been a royal pal
ace, the building'began its career as
m office of the Duchy of Cornwall in
the reign of Charles I, who, of course,
came a long time after Henry VIII. It
remained a Government office for many
years, but finally was turned into a
coffee-house, and as "Nando's" became
rather famous, especially as the scene
af a rather picturesque little incident
which started on his career the youns:
lawyer who finally became Chancellor
rhurloW.
Some years later, however, the place
became the home of a wax-works show,
rhis was at the beginning of the last
century, and after that its vicissitudes
were many. It has been a barber shop
for about twenty-five years.
DICKENS' SON'S DENIAL.
So far as the "Old Curiosity Shop" is
:oncerned, inquiry proves that it has
iot even the shadow of a claim to be a
Dickens relic. Not only is the Lincoln's
[nn shop spurious, but it is said that no
;xact original of the home of Little
Mell ever existed. Attention has been
"•ailed to a definite statement by
-'harles Dickens, the younsrer, which
settles the. matter for all time. This
was once made in the course of an
English magazine article and runs as
follows:
"With mere unintelligent and un
supportable fable I do not intend to
trouble myself—with the absurd cred
ulity, for instance, which Induces some
travelers to believe that the house in
Portsmouth street, Lincoln's Inn, which
tias in some inexplicable way come to
be labeled as the Old Curiosity Shop,
has anything in the remotest degree
to do with the story."
Perhaps it is only Just to add that
the shop, though in no way connected
with Dickens, is really quite old, there
aeing reason, in fact, to believe that it
dates back to the reign of Charles 11.
r Alt IS lIKAWS <71iOWUS.
The Americans who burrow through
the little Fleet-street alley known as
"Wine Office court," In which the
"Cheshire Cheese" stands and,
( nsconsed in its old-fashioned, pew
like seats, partake of the time-honored
dishes, are shown not only "Dr. John
son's former chair." but his "favorite
corner," with a smudge on the wall
behind it, produced, supposedly, by the
grease from the great lexicographer's
wig. The coiner seat is, of course,
marked with a brass tablet which dis
tinctly states that Dr. Samuel John
son was in the habit of sitting there,
and, as every one knows, the old legend
is to the effect that he, with his faith
ful satellites. Goldsmith and Boswell.
used to be among the best customers
of the place.
In the summer months the place can
hardly accommodate all the trans-
Atlantic folk who want to eat "where
Doctor Johnson did." Moreover, few
such customers escape without invest
ing rather heavily in the many "sou
venirs" of the place which are on sale
and which include books giving its
history, post cards, beer mugs—which
cost less than 6 cents and are sold for
GO cents —pipes, match safes and sev
eral other things. When its present
proprietor acquired the place, some
thirty years ago, it cost him $100,000,
and the valuation which he now puts
upon it is said to be $200,000.
NOT JOHNSON'S HAUNT.
To people who have thrilled at the
sight of "Jphnson's" chair and corner
at the Cheshire Cheese it may seem
almost like sacrilege to question the
genuineness of these "relics." But the
fact remains that while there is only
jne reason for believing that Dr. John
jon may have visited the "Cheese" ac
-asionally, there are quite a number of
them for assuming that he was not
sne of its steady customers and that
It was not the scene of his meetings
with Boswell and Goldsmith.
The burly philosopher did, for sev
eral years, live only a short distance
from the tavern. He had a house in
Sough square, which is at the end of
mother of the queer little alleys lead
ing out of Fleet street, of which Wine
Office court, where the "Cheese" stands,
SAN FRANCISCO. SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1905.
PLACES IN LONDON TO WHICH HAVE LONG BEEN ASCRIBED HISTORICAL,
ASSOCIATIONS FOR THE PURPOSE OF DUPING CREDULOUS AMERI- ,
CANS AND OTHER TOURIBTS WHO JOURNEY TO THE BRITISH ISLES. /
is another. Consequently he may have
gone there sometimes. But if he went
there so often and sat in the same
place so regularly that his wig smudg
ed the wall, why Is it that Boswell, who
recorded almost every movement of his
idolized patron and who is supposed to
have gone there with him, makes no
mention of the fact? "Bozzy" goes into
details about the Fleet street taverns
which he and Johnson, and occasion
ally Goldsmith, visited, but he says
nothing about the Cheshire Cheese.
And what is rather striking, neither
do the doctor's two other biographers-
Hawkins and Crocker.
From Boswell one would gather that
the Queen's Arms Tavern, which used
to stand in St Paul's Church yard, the
Cock Tavern In Fleet street and the
Essex Head, close by, were steady
haunts of Samuel Johnson and that his
favorite resort was the old Mitre, also
in the street of newspapers. For here
it was that, as his indefatigable biog
rapher says, "he loved to sit up late
and often made my head ache with
port," The Mitre was, in fact, the
seen* of BoswelTs first supper with
Johnson, at which, as the disciple says,
"He called out to me, with warmth,
ASTOR MARES
PEACE WITH
THE ANGLERS
Permits Them to Fish
in Thames Along
His Estate.
LONDON, Dec. 31.—N0 longer can
London anglers Justly accuse William
Waldorf Astor of obstructing their
sport. The Anglicized American multi
millionaire has seen a great awakening
light. The hostile attitude which he
has heretofore manifested toward fish
ermen on the upper reaches of the
Thames has completely changed. He
is now their friend and patron. Peace
now reigns between him and the
Thames conservancy.
Astor has withdrawn his opposition
to fishing; from the bank of the river
bordering his Cliveden estate. He has
gone further, and has actually brought
at his own expense a shoal of young
salmon from the Dee in Scotland and
the river Shannon in Ireland and
placed them in the Thames. Maurice
Enright, the expert angler of Castle
Connell, Ireland, was charged with the
responsibility of supplying the Irish
salmon, while a member of the London
Anglers' Association was sent to Scot
land to obtain a supply there.
The sudden change in Astor's atti
tude toward the anglers is said to be
due to the action of some members of
the Marlborough Club, who refused his
invitation to a fishing party he had or
ganized at Cliveden during the summer.
One of the clubmen told him openly, it
is asserted, that he could not partici
pate in his party while the Thames
conservancy and the anglers' associa
tions condemned his high-handed ac
tion in claiming exclusive rights for
himself on the river.
His conversion was accelerated by
the discovery that a number of dead
dogs and cats were finding their way
mysteriously to that part of the river
touching on Cliveden.
'Give me your hand, I have taken a
fancy to you.' " And Bos-well's ac
count leaves little or no doubt that it
was at the Mitre that Goldsmith and
Sir Joshua Reynolds so often joined
them. Nathaniel Hawthorne knew this
and, when in London, he made a point
of dining at the modern Mitre, which
stands near Temple Bar, on the site of
the ancient inn.
PEERAGE LIKES
PEANUTS.
Taugh t to Eat Them
by Americans.
Popcorn Also Finds
Favor Abroad.
♦
LONDON, Dec. 31.—A little Incident
witnessed yesterday was rather amus
ing as showing how popular American
dainties of one kind or another are
getting in the most ultra circles of
English high society.
Into a well-known store entered from
her brougham a portly dame who was
recognized as no other than the Duch
ess of Buccleuch. Now her Grace, be
sides, being Queen Alexandra's mistress
of the robes, is one of the bluest blood
ed and haughtiest dames in London, as
well as one of the most ultra-English.
"I want one of your large sacks of
peanuts,"-said the Duchess to the clerk,
"and half a dozen packages of corn
for popping. You know the address,"
and swept out of the shop.
One doesn't know if the popping is
done by a ducal hand over the draw
ing-room Are at haughty Buccleuch
House on the embankment, or if the
consumption of peanuts accompanies
the progress of bridge parties there,
but that these comestibles are esteemed
in circles- where one would not have
supposed them even known Is quite
evident. They have been introduced
by the fair American members of the
peerage.
CHILDREN SIMPLY DRESSED.
Since the extravagant overdressing
of millionaires' children commenced to
exci*e comment among a section of
ma only women it has been noticed
that the children of the Duchess of
Manchester no longer enjoy luxury
that was hitherto lavished upon them.
It was estimated at one time that some
of her baby's dresses cost no less than
$100 to $150. She had a penchant for
Irish lace and linen and a store in
London known all the world for
the superior quality of its wares al
ways looked anxiously for the arrival
of a Manchester baby. When the nurse
and her charge were seen abroad in
the neighborhood of Tanderagee Castle
or in London people used to remark
Jocularly that the dress was worth
more than the baby.
All this is now changed,- and the Man
chester youngsters are no more con
spicuous than the children of ordinary
middle-class people.
The Duchess of Marlborough has al
ways dressed her children well, but
there is an entire absence of anything
remotely sdggestive of the ostentatious
display of wealth in their apparel. It is
hinted that the abandonment of ex
travagant dressing is due to the Prin
cess of Wales, who, when she saw the
tendency on the part of millionaire
mothers to be conspicuously vulgar,
commenced to dress her children In the
simplest fashion.
VAN ALEN'S NEW HOME.
So extensive are the improvements
and structural alterations at Rushton
Hall planned by James J. Van Alen,
the American millionaire, who has
bought the estate, that he will not
able to take up his residence perma
nently there for two years. Housing
accommodations in the little village of
Rushton are of such a limited charac
ter that Van Alen Is obliged to build a
number of small cottages for those who
will be employed by him when he
comes to setle down at the hall. A
residence for the engineer, who will be
responsible for the electric light instal
lation and the heating apparatus, is al
ready in course of construction.
The spacious lake in front of the hall,
which neglect has reduced to an ugly
swamp, is going to occupy the special
attention of the new tenant and is to
be a thing of beauty.
Wireless Message Over Alps.
PARIS, Dec. 31.—The first wireless
telegram sent over the Alps from Corn
wall to Italy has just arrived without a
mistake in the wording, despite the
fear that the rarefied air in the higher
Alps would affect the message.
Pages 17 to 26
AMERICAN
AIDS POOR
OF BRITAIN
Empties Workhouses
Jos. Fels Buys
Land So Men
May Labor.
LONDON, Dec, 31.—Joseph
Philadelphia, a manufacturer. wi ose
wares are almost as widely advertised
in America and England as Sir
Thomas Lipton's are, has the satisfac
tion now of seeing a big move forward
for a scheme he proposed some time
ago to various conservative British of
ficials, who looked upon the Idea at
first as revolutionary.
When Eels came to London a few
years ago many of the English poor
houses were overcrowded with able
bodied paupers, who wanted work and
couldn't get it. The Board of Guard-'
ians had a particularly anxious time of
It. Charity was appealed to In vain to
relieve the distress, but continued de
pression of trade at the docks and In
general industry always kept the work
house full. Will Crooks, a member of
Parliament who came from the work
house, tried various schemes to tret rid
of the surplus able-bodied in the insti
tutions without much success.
Then Fels came on the scene and
suggested that those who were able to
work be sent on to the land. He of
fered the land, but the Local Govern
ment Board, which is the executive au
thority in the administration of the
poor law, could not see the practica
bility of the scheme. However. Will
Crooks and one or two others kept peg
ging aw— at the department, until at
last it gave permission to test the
scheme.
Fels bought a hundred acre farm for
$10,625 and placed it at the disposal of
the Board of Guardians free of rent for
three vears, with permission to pur
chase before or at the end of that time.
He asked no consideration for the use
of his money, but if the guardians are
unable to complete the purchase at the
time stipulated the farm will revert to
Fels in a vastly improved condition.
He has made similar offers to other
Boards of Guardians throughout Eng
land, and says that he is ready to find
any amount of capital for identical
enterprises sanctioned by the Local
Government Bosrd.
He recently offered to buy 1000 acres
of land for the board, wherewith to
test on a larger scale the plan now in
operation, and after considerable hesi
tation the offer has now been accepted
and Fels is looking around for the
land.
This millionaire American socialist
says he Is not animated by either busi
ness or philanthropic motives. Of
course, if the farms revert to him his
investments would yield a handsome
return through the enhanced value of
the land consequent on the Improve
ments made by the workhouse men.
In any case he is now recognized as
a public benefactor.
Sumpner's farm of one hundred
acres, which was acquired by Fels, is
situated in the heart of picturesque
Essex, about forty miles from London,
and here 100 men, young and old, from
.a congested workhouse, are back on
the land with spades and pickaxes.
The farm is miles away from the near
est village, and even its water supply
is three miles distant. The construc
tion of a reservoir became, therefore,
a matter of immediate necessity, and
in this work a large proportion of the
men are now employed. The erection
of laundries and living quarters is In
progress. It is estimated that this will
cost $8000, which will be defraved by
the Guardians.
The first object of the colony will be
to make a portion of the land yield
sufficient vegetables to satisfy the de
mands of the poorhouse.
Leopold Completes His Tower.
BRUSSELS. Dec. 31.—The wonderful
Japanese tower which King Leopold
has built in the royal park at Lacken
is completed. The tower cost $500,000
and is intended as a retreat to which
Leopold may retire when he is weary
of the formalities of palace life.18
Miss Frances A. Foran,. a' member
of Tejon Parlor at Bakersfield and- a
teacher"in one of the public schools
(jf *tgat;city, one of thetwo chosen by
popular vote .to represent the Kern
County schools* at the St. Louis Exposi
tion, has written. for the Morning'
Echo .of the place named a long let
ter, giving her observations of the ex
position. It is very Interesting, show
ing that the lady is not only a close
observer," but -has the ability to tell
in a. most entertaining manner what
she observes.
. La Vespero" Parlor has elected the
following officer's for the ensuing
term': . Annie McDonough, president;
Lizzie Anderson, Selma Swenson and
Annie Balz, vice presidents; Nell*R.
Boege, recording secretary (re-elected
seventh term); Edna Stumme, finan
cial secretary (re-elected); Nellie
Reilly, marshal; , Marcella Knerr,
Mary Desrosiers and Nora O'Day,
trustees; Mac McKay and Gertrude
Norton, sentinels; Emily B. Wissel,
organist;- Drs. Alfred McLaughlin,
Henry Fanning and Thurlow Miller,
physicians. After the business the
good of the order committee present
ed a programme of entertainment in
the nature of a lady jinks for mem
bers only. This included a comic rec
itation by Mac McKay; song, Ruby
Davis; "The Red, White and Blue,"
sung by Annie McDonough, Mollie
McCormick, Jennie Johnson, Mac Mc-
Kay and Emily Wissel, the singers be
ing all" attired in crepe paper cos
tumes. ' The- .parlor sang the. "Star-
Spangled Banner" and followed
an International tug of war, the mem
bers taking part appearing in gro
tesque costumes, and then followed a
"trotting race," the favorite trotters
of South San Francisco being ridden
by up-to-date jockeys. After this fan
tastic and enjoyable entertainment a
collation was served in the banquet
hall. • The committee was highly
praised for arrangement of the pro
gramme.
The following are among the par
lors that have observed the Thanks
giving day pf the Native Daughters of
the Golden' West: La Vespero, San
Francisco; Ruby, Angels, Camp; Cal
ina, Sacramento; Hiawatha, Redding;
Osa,-Tuolumne; El Camino, Palo Alto;
Ema Crockett, Crockett; Amapola,
Sutter Creek, and Reina del Mar,
Santa Barbara.
Mary Iriparne, a roember of Tejon
Parlor of Bakersjleld, passed away at
the St. Wlnnefred recently after an ill
ness of several weeks.
Grand Secretary Laura J. Frakes left
this city last week to spend at her
home in Sutter Creek the last two
weeks ef the vacation allowed her by
the Grand Parlor, in session at Pacific
Grove.
La Estrella Parlor had -a birthday
and Christmas tree party in its hall
lust week for members of the parlor
only and* for their childpen. It was a
pleasant affair, well planned and well
carried out.
A committee of Darina Parlor, com
DEGREE TEAM OF POCAHONTAS COUNCIL NO. 3 OF THE DEGREE OF POCAHONTAS, IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN.
posed of Frances M. Edwards, Kath
ryn MeGough and Rosa M. MeGough,
recently presented, and the parlor
adopted, a set of very feeling resolu
tions expressive of that body's regret
for the death of Tina L. Kant, the first
president of the order, and expressive
of its sympathy.
Past . Grand President Keith has re
ceived, a letter from Grand President
C. E. McLaughlin of the Native Sons,
in which he says: "It is always a
pleasure to give credit where credit is
due, and I am sure that in the matter
of having statues of two of California's
great, and lamented dead in Statuary
Hall, at Washington, D. C, the Native
Daughters of the Golden West lead the
The dancing party given by Yosemite
Parlor in Mission Opera Hall a short
time since was a delightful affair. There
was a good attendance of beautiful
girls handsomely gowned and gallant
young men, who enjoyed a well-ar
ranged order of dances until midnight.
The affair was admirably managed.
Grand President Caminetti and
Grand Secretary Frakes have each
sent out a holiday greeting, the former
to the deputy grand presidents and the
latter to the parlors. Both are inter
esting documents, the latter being spe
cially fraternal.
The following is the revised list of of
ficial visits by Grand President Mrs.
Caminetti for January: On the 6th, to
San Andreas; 7th. Murphys; 9th, An
gels Camp; 11th, Volcano; 13th, Sutter
-Creek; 14th, Plymouth; 19th, Tracy;
20th, Oro Fino Parlor, San Francisco;
22d, Keith Parlor, San Francisco; 23d,
La Vespero Parlor, San Francisco, and
24th, Aloha Parlor, Oakland.
The Past Presidents' Association, Na
tive Daughters of the Golden West, has
elected the following officers for the
current year: Julia A. Steinbach, past
president; Leah Magner, president;
Anna F. Lacy, May Barrle and Millie
Tietjen, vice presidents; Minnie F.
Dobbin, recording, and Gussie Kerri
gan, financial secretary; Mamie Henry,
marshal; Gussie Schilling and Emma
Matheson, sentinels; Dr. Mariana Ber
tola, Hannah Mcßaith, Genevieve W.
Baker, Mamie Conn and Jennie M.
Greene, directors; Agnes Troy, organ
ist. The association, which now num
bers fifty-one members, will meet on
the second Friday of each month, and
has invited all past presidents to Join.
The members of Sans Souci Parlor
recently paid a visit to the home of
Mrs. Dora Bloom, one of its members,
to congratulate her on the anniversary
of her birth, and in remembrance of
the visit presented her a large cut
glass rose bowl.
Califia Parlor of Sacramento, on, the
occasion of it» annual - party, recently
given in Turner Hall, in the capital
city, added mother leaf to its ,wn»ath
of successes as originators and workers
in decorative art. On that occasion
there was in the hall named a myriad
of electric lights ensconced in a profu
sion of chrysanthemums of different
hues hung in tasteful and artistic de
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1905.
signs all over the hall. These lights
threw their effulgent rays upon the
beautiful and prettily dressed maids
and matrons assembled, giving to the
scene the appearance of many stars
twinkling through rifts in fleecy clouds.
The walls of the big hall were ivy cov
ered while the refreshment-room and
cozy corner were walled and ceilinged
with the Oriental flowers and running
vines. The tables were decorated with
smilax in unique designs. A rustic
fence across the stage, covered with
clinging ivy, concealed the orchestra,
which, during the carrying out of the
well-arranged order of dances, dis
coursed delightful music. In its entire
ty the decorations were beautiful and
the many guests of the parlor were sin
cere in complimenting the Callfla
Daughters on their artistic ability to
transform a large barren hall into a
bower of veritable beauty, most pleas
ing to the eye. The social was a great
success.
Redmanship.
An effort is being made to have the
Improved Order of Red Men in the res
ervation of California celebrate Decem
ber 16, the anniversary of the cele
brated Boston tea party, when a num
ber of patriotic colonists disguised as
Narragansett Indians dumped three
cargoes of tea into the harbor named.
With this event arose an association
which in after years crystallized into
the Improved Order of Red Men, and
it is believed that the anniversary
should be fittingly observed every year.
The initiative in this matter was taken
recently by Prophet Charles N. Grant,
a charter member of Yulapa Tribe of
Santa Rosa, who on the date named in
vited J. P. Plover, George Norris, J. O.
Kuykendall, Otto Seeman, Ray Cor
risck, W. H. Brayton, E. D. Sweetzer,
J. D. Munroe, D. W. Kidd, W. L#. Du
bois, J. Fillipplni, Prank Hall, James
T. Butler and J. F. Stahl, the degree
team of the tribe named, to join in a
feast of corn and venison in a long
house in that city to celebrate the an
niversary of the tea party, the one
hundred and thirty-first. Sachem
Plover was the toastmaster, and after
the disposition of an excellent supper
there were long and short talks by all.
The visit of Great Pocahontas Annie
M. Bliss to Pocahontas Council, her
home council, last week was an un
usually pleasant one. She was accom
panied by Great Prophetess Minnie
Betts, Great Minnehaha Ida Wheeler,
Great Keeper, of Wampum Harriet
Janes and a large delegation from
Manzanita Council No, 49 and members
of other councils. When the great
chiefs were admitted they were wel
comed with the honors due their rank,
and as they approached the council
brand a curtain stretched over the
stump of the Pocahontas was drawn
aside and there was revealed in letters
of gold the words, "Welcome Great Po
cahontas." After the routine business
there was the adoption of a class of
palefaces by the adoption team, which
did better than It has done for many
moons. The work of Pocahontas Lizzie
Kemnitzer was particularly good, be
ing marked for the close presentation
of the dramatic effects required by the
ritual, being given with unusual em
phasis, gestures and modulation of
voice, which are requisite to produce
the proper impression on the palefaces.
It came nearer what the ritual de
mands than any that has been pre
sented ln this city for many great suns.
This chief was highly complimented for
the work she did on that occasion.
After the work there were addresses by
the great chiefs, and then Ernest C.
Stock of Manzanita Council, on behalf
of Pocahontas Council, presented to
the Great Pocahontas as a token of the
fraternal love of the members of her
council a framed photograph of the
adoption team and a beautiful sofa pil
low. Great Chief of Records Bliss and
others then addressed the meeting.
The group picture presented in this
issue is the adoption team of Pocahon
tas Cocuncil No. 8 of the Degree of
Pocahontas. The figures in the front
row are, reading from left to right;
Lizzie Stocker, first runner; Mabel
Price, prophetess; Hulda Poole, we
wonah; Lillian Rivers, second counsel
or. In the second row they are: Lulu
Lang, first scou\; J. Troven, guard of
the tepee; Lyda McKay, second run
ner; Lizzie Kemnitzer, Pocahontas;
Florence Poole, first counselor; J.
Treat, guard of the forest; Lil Dennon,
second scout. In the rear line are: J.
Rivers and W. Brown, warriors; John
Fairgrave, Powhattan, and J. Bell and
M. Smith, warriors.
The adoption of by-laws for the gov
ernment of Calumet Council of the De
gree of Pocahontas has has resulted in
the forming of two factions in that
subordinate, with the result that about
thirty will withdraw and form a new
council.
Dr. Charles M. Troppmann, who or
ganized Calumet Council a short time
since, is now organizing another coun
cil, which he hopes to have instituted
In a short time.
The Eastern Star.
The children's party given in Golden
Gate Hall by Golden Gate Chapter of
the Order of the Eastern Star last week
was a very enjoyable affair, not only
for the sixty or more little ones, but for
the large number of adults who were
"the audience." There was a pleasing
programme of mußlc, vocal and instru
mental, and recitations by the children,
contributed by Ada Gilbert, Muriel
Clark, Marguerite and Violet Moebus,
Harold Stark, Rose Hardin, Ethel
Jones, Mariana Dohrmann, Lois Jones,
Jeffle Hardin, Francis Close, Elsie Per
cival, Sylvia Shayer and Bert Harher.
At the termination of the programme
there was an adjournment to the lower
hall, where the little ones were treated
to ice cream, cakes and confectionery,
after which the grown people were
treated to a collation. F. W. G. Moebus,
acting as Santa Claus, distributed
many presents to the children from a
big tree. **
Dr. Maude Noble, a well-known mem
ber of Ivy Chapter, O. S. S., left this
city last weak for Berlin, Germany,
where she will associate herself with
one of the leading clinics for several
months. A large number of her friends
in the order accompanied the doctor to
the train to bid her a pleasant journey
and safe return.
The following' is the complete list of
the recently installed officers of Beulah
Chapter, O. E. S.: Geneva Williams,
worthy matron; John Felt, worthy pa
tron; Emma Wedemeyer, associate ma
tron; Mary J. Toda, secretary; Emma
Rahlmann, treasurer; Olivia Danielson,
conductress; Katherine Bayly, associ
ate conductress; Kunigunda Krug,
Adah; Mathilda Beatty, Ruth; Emma
Anspach, Esther; Hulda Schwarz, Mar
tha; Virginia Schultze, Electa; Nellie
Riccomi, warder; Julia Williams, senti
nel; Albert Danielson, chaplain; Mary
E. Donoho, marshal; Ida Fitschen, or
ganist.
National Union.
Golden Gate Council, National Union,
a: its last held meeting e:ected W. W.
Thompson, president; Dr. J. Gunn Jr.,
vice president; Charles Gilley, speaker;
W. A. Smith, financial secretary. All
the other officers were re-elected. The
installation will be held in January.
Tbeo. Frollch, who for tnirteen years
held the office of financial secretary,
was nominated but declined on the
ground of other duties preventing hia
giving the attention to the office that
is required. He was a good officer in
that position and many will miss him
from the desk. His successor is a very
popular member of the council, who
has the happy faculty of making
friends on very short acquaintance.
El Dorado Council expects to initiate
a class of strangers in its hall January
10. It is also making arrangements for
the installation of its new officers.
El Capitan Council at its last held
meeting initiated two strangers and
received several applications- The offi
cers who are to be installed in January
have pledged themselves to "get a new
man" each within sixty days to please
"Pop" Wilson, the general deputy.
California Council bad a well attend
ed meeting last week and several ap
plications were presented. It was an
nounced that everything is in readiness
for the public installation on Tuesday,
and for the ball that is to follow.
The San Francisco Cabinet at the
December meeting presented a set of
handsomely engrossed resolutions to
ex-Deputy General J. N. Bunting in
recognition of his services to the order
while in that position.
Woodcraft.
State Organizer Peter F. Gilroy is
sued a neat Christmas greeting to the
Neighbors, and on the back has printed
"Gil's calendar** for the current year,
with the solution, which is "Try for ap
plications In *ach month of Duo." The
face of the greeting has upon it a fine
portrait of Head Consul Falkenburg
and underneath an embossed emblem
of the Woodmen of the World.
The Christmas eve given by
Golden Gate Circle of the Women of
Woodcraft in the banquet hall of the
Odd Fellows* building was a very suc
cessful affair. The hall w»s filled to
such an extent that at times the dan
cers were crowded. During the even
ing there was a short programme of
entertainment, which included a song
by Frank Mackel; piano solo, Vera Per
rln; recitation. Floyd Clark; fancy
dance, Irene Kamena; vocal solo, Bert
Perrin; Irish jig, Irene Priert, and re
marks for the good of the order, Albert
A. Perrin. In addition to dancing there
was the distribution of holiday toys,
large and small.
State Organizer P. F. Gilroy paid a
visit to the camp at Los Banos on De
cember 20, and during the evening the
camp opened its doors to the general
public. There was a large attendance,
and the State organizer made a rous
ing speech. Judge C. S. Cathran pre
sided during the evening, and later was
the toastmaster at a banquet. /
The first monthly entertainment by
the Woodmen of the World will bi
given in Native Sons' Hall on the night
of February 3. The next entertainment
will be on February 24, and there
after a like entertainment will be given
on the fourth Friday of each month.
There wiP. be fine programmes of va
ried numbers, and at the first -of these t
the meeting will be addressed by Head
Adviser John H. Foley and the follow
ing one will be addressed by State Or
ganizer Gilroy.
Head Clerk I. I. Boak will visit this
State during April, and then Oakland
Camp, his home camp, which now has
a membership of 886, will present a
membership roll of 1000. During his
stay in California the head clerk will
visit many of the camps.
Preparations are under way for vis
its through the San Joaquin Valley
between January and April by State
Organizer Gilroy and Organizers Saun
ders and Craw for the purpose of hold
ing a series of meetings and initiating
a class of strangers at the meeting in
each place visited.
The next session of the Head Camp
will be held in Los Angeles during the
month of April. The Women of Wood
craft will hold their Grand Circle ses
sion in the same city at the same time
and the encampment of the Uniform
Rank will be held at the same time and
place.
Head Consul Falkenburg, who has
been quite 111 for some time, was re
ported on December 32 as very much
improved.
The head consul has sent to State
Organizer Gilroy two very fine em
blematic gold charms, with fobs, to be
A. Apple of Applewood
Camp arid William Spier of Golden
Gate Camp in recognition of excellent
work done by them for their respect
ive camps and order.
B Y E. C.
•5 TJ^fcJv
Mission Camp during the latter part
of December held a memorial service
ttt its meeting place to the memory of
the late W. L. Temple, State organ
izer, who was killed in a railroad ac
cident three years ago The eulogy was
delivered by Peter F. Gilroy, his suc
cessor in office.
Native Sons.
Guadalupe Parlor No. 211, N. S. O.
W., was Instituted In the hall of Hes
perian Parlor last week by Grand First
Vice President James L. Gallagher, as
sisted by Andrew Mocker, graild or
ganizer; Past Grand President Lewis
F. Byington, Grand Secretary Charles)
H. Turner, Grand- Treasurer John E.
McDougald, Grand Trustees Emmet J.
Hayden, Eugene E. Fischer, John F.
Linehan, John T. Cosgrove, Lyman
Fenn, W. H. Dwyer, W. L. Coffey and
E. A. Jau Jau and many members of
local parlors. At the earnest request of
the Infant parlor the officers of Califor
nia, the mother parlor, performed the
initiatory work, this in a most credit
able manner. George McGreevy was in
stalled as president and Emil Chere
ghino as financial secretary. Those en
titled to credit for the organization ot
this parlor are Grand Organizer An-«
drew Mocker, John F. Linehan and
Ralph Stockman.
Grand Trustee Charles M. Belshaw
has started on his official visits to par*
lors in the southern part of the Stats.
Grand First Vice President James L.
Gallagher has completed his official
"Visits to parlors located in the moun
tain towns and cities of the north.
The following have been elected of
ficers of Dolores Parlor for the ensuing
term: H. J. Mahoney, president; Dr.
H. H. Keene, A. S. Gerhard and J. W.
Hogan, vice presidents; J. P. Wall,
marshal; J. B. Zollver, recording secre
tary; D. G. Simpson, financial secre
tary, and R. J. Walsh, trustee.
The thirty-second entertainment given
by the Native Sons' Joint literary and
social committee in Native Sons r Hail
last week was well attended and result
ed in a goodly sum for the benefit of
the relief board of the order in this
city for the assistance of sick members
of the organization who may while vis
iting the city be stricken with sickness.
There was a fine programme oi enter
tainment and a well-arranged order of
dances. The affair was admirably car
ried out by Pacific Parlor assisting the
executive committee. The joint com
mittee gives its next entertainment un
der the auspices of the relief committee
in February, and in addition to the
regular entertainment there will be a
special social event.
Grand Trustee J. Emmet Hayden an
nounces the following visitations to
parlors during February: On the 4th,
South San Francisco Parlor; sth, Alca
traz; 6th, El Capitan; 9th, Las Positas,
Livermore; 18th, Eden, Ha/wards; 26th,
Piedmont, Oakland, and 31st, Washing
ton Parlor, Centerville. The visiting of
fioial has extended an invitation to the
grand officers and members of the or
der to accompany him on these visits.•. : •• Bare; whitewashed walls, the noise of
•• many hoofs on Wooden floors, warm
-.. stafil/? smell?,, every now and again a
•' quivering-, prancing animal led in and
out: of- the riding-school—the setting
-was-.- unusual for'an- interview. It was
•- Miss Bates' choice, not mine. At 1:30
. ' o'clock she had elected to meet me
-there the day after her opening night
• 'in. .''The Darifng of the Gods." And
• /.five'mihutes later, profusely apologetic,
/Oitss'Ba'tes Joined me. ■ I saw her com
:ing. • a tall, swinging, buoyant figure
• -in.a short tiding suit: shiny, hard sall
■"•'.bV hai, hair in a schoolgirl knot in the
•'.•neck, 'but 1 • refused surprise to the
; •picture. "I had .seep. Miss Bates before.
T-hacV seen her the'night before, the
»? fJ-VQ-feel-slx of • her somehow melted
V'.-lhto the., four-fooC-hothlng of a Japa
:; -iiese - girl—a fragile • winged thing, as
.': : wholly unlike-the -sturdy young woman
jafront'pf me as she was unlike the bit
• ;'' of*-fire and brimstone of her Cigarette.
./ Therefore t held out a stolid hand to
• "."the, short-skirted Diana and prosaically
.'.- Inquired why she had desired to see me
.:. .'there.
• ;:. "Yob are going to "ride?" I asked.
'*'G*ol'ng!" she echoed scornfully. " Why,
C?f was out at 9-;30 o'clock'this morning.
:' I'm. not*, a bit' picturesque, you know.
: .. I'm' up- horribly early, get into these
> rduds,.'rain or shine, and am off and
"•'away" every morning. Come, 1 want
v $'ou to see Yrty. horses. 1 told you about
\\therh before, you know."
'J'S Talking -horse, she in her rich, bub
•'bljng contralto, her- sultry black eyes
\ .snapping, 'the color" coming and going
':"l'n' hpr clear., tanned cheek, as innocent
'" -pf rouge as a child's, we went into the
•i stable's. The .Flying Dutchman, a white,
clear-lined beast with a proud little
•':.--hrad. was being rubbed down.
•. ■> '*'• "There*:" Miss Bates said, and I feit
•ifthat 'I stood before at least a Reni
... ji'r.andt among horses.
//..'-.1. -admired with anxious enthusiasm.
..\tneri ventured: ."Isn't he a little thin?"
. -"Y&ii cat!" his - -mistress laughed,
V'/'-i-hai's blood-" *
'/..rV.'I thought it' win -bones," I meekly
:'lapo}.ogis£*i.
v v )B'ut-even after that I was permitted
V'to;. see Cold Molasses, a bonny Western
....jpony.. 'su. named "because if he can do
J-nothing else he can run, as cold mo
v.iassfs- "can't:" " He snuggled up to his
:;rnistre*s9' coat pocket, where there was
'-{tiivVexpected sugar, and paid her in ef
;'ihiisiye kisses, lVrartilv 'returned. 1
-;quoted: l^'A-wastin 4 Christian kisses on
■ -a-hf/ithen —".' ' •'
might waste, them worse," Di
: \«4ia kughed a.-; we left the stable.
' .;:Whe:-e shail . we • talk?" I asked. .
.: ; f<"Let'ua walk in'the.park"—it lay just
"r.'acii'oss the street.
-.'[' i'.t f'us." she said. and. -with -the free
_-accustomed swing of a born pedestrian
, Ebe turned -into Colden Gate Park with
"'me. " *
. '•Her mood changed then. It was with
•.soir/'thing v< ry like reverence, that she
' looked about her,- at the far veiled hill
.with a nearer ragged ridge of trees
•that Hokusai might have painted; at
• the bared, round'limbs of the eucalyp
..tus, guarded by its thousand scimi
: .tars; af the close, .young green of the
lawns;, at the flowers, rather few now.
. ; :rt is wonderTUi to drop right, into tfhe
spring," she said at last, "after being
"in..the'very heart of winter. And it is
' wonderful that they have made this,
rah this, out of the sand dunes. I am
••proud.of •California. 1 know how it
sounds to say that', but I am. What is
■that flowef?" asked suddenly. I
djd not know.
• : '."Oh, well*.call it acacia:" she laugh
:«d..' "Every good San Franciscan calls
' everything that isn't a palm or par
sley''acacia,' You- can't catch us.
:We .did not begin to talk of "The
Darling of- the Gods" or Mr. Belaseo
unj.il "we had wandered through the
conservatory. The-n we took one of the
front of it and talked little
I t-old Miss.Bates that I now un
derstood,* .having Been her Yo San, her
,:Ma'darae Butterfly. I ventured the con
.♦fession that' r.had been unable, to pic
ture • her so completely sinking her per
. sonaiitry as-fo assume successfully that
]}CiM- of part." '
• "If wasn't easy," she laughed. "You
"know—you. see—l'm this kind of per
■ :son'*—she" deepened her voioe comically,
'squared her shoulders and leaned over
sto'me.in melodramatic fashion, saying:
"It's a-FINE morning! You see I don't
say anything simply. I feel everything
down to my toes. And look at my face
—never still." ;
"That's what I, could not pioture," I
saidi "your complete wiping out of your ]
.emotional impulsiveness. But you've .
done it: Your Yo San face Is as shal- .
"low as .that little, pool in the conserva- ■
tory—and with the same smooth, for- j
ihal, delicate, artificial prettiness."
'Thanks* "• she nodded oyer to me, j
; "that's what I wanted. Oh, but Just |
kince to cut loose! Say, in that third ,
afct wouldn't it just be easy!" ]
As I had remarked-- before, I told her |
t.hat I thought her Illusion even clev- <
>. e*rer, as Mr. Belaseo or Mr. Long had i
given Yo San that to do that no Jap- ]
ancse girl of her rank could or would \
do." • i
SOME' LOCAL DEALERS !H ART AMD THEIR DUPES
•."The knowledge Of picture dealers
has its value, but iisten not to their
i 'Titicisms when your heart is touched.
The picture was not painted for them,
it was painted for you; for such as
had e yes capable of being touched by
simplicity and lofty emotions."
So saith Emerson, the honest essay
ist, who loved art well; but who loved
art. not for itself alone, but because it
is an expression—a thought—of nature;
likewise, because it appeals to the
jf hearts of men, for their betterment and
consvJatjpn.
Tar be, it from me, poor, humble
chronicler of studio dreams and actu
alities to ao disrate the picture dealer,
to whom you arlist-ifo'k must go—or
I think you must—to' eAI or show your
"Well," Miss Baler arsued, cutting
little siits in the air with her riding
whip, "that's up to the conventions of
the drama. The original story is all
about Samurai heroh s, but the Ameri
can public is not gch-.z to stand for
that kind of dram?.. They've got to
have the love interest. And there you
are immediately up against it. Love,
as we nmlersiand it. is unknown in
Japan. Passion there is. of course, as
the race is perpetuated. But you have
to begin by ringing in the anachronis
tic love interest."
"You go on," I continued, "by intro
ducing a princess, hedged in by the
most exacting ceremonial in the world,
refusing a suitor proposed to her by
her father, and at the same time ac
knowledging her love for a man that
she has seen but once!"
"She is th» darling of the gods, willr'
ful. motherless, spoiled,'? Miss Bates
contended without conviction. "Of
course the red book of American man
ners is a flimsy ex. u:;e—still, it is pos
sible. You know how strange the truth
is. Of course, again, it is not probable
—but then what plays are probable,
only Ibsen's? And then, as Willie
Winter says, you're in the dissecting
room."
"How about the Princess Yo San's in
terview with the geisha?"
"Oh, that, of course, is dragged in,"
Miss Bates put it. 'But it serves very
well to Illustrate her character."
"Anyway." I granted, "Yo San is
wholly charming; if she isn't all that
a Princess of Japan should be. And I
wouldn't have missed the play itself
for much The pictures—"
"Yes, sir," Miss Bates cried, her
whole big heart in her eyes, "aren't
they beautiful? They may well call
Belaseo the 'wizard.' Oh, and the lit
tle touches all through the play. Do
you remember that scene where Yo
San turns her obi to the front, the
sign of the geisha? Any other man
but Belaseo would have given her
pages to say to Yakkuri. He does just
that. And every night it feels big to
me. And do you remember the ban
quet scene? T bow to Mr. Belaseo at
every stage of the game: but there are
two things for which he could abso
lutely walk over me, one that banquet
scene^—twelve tables set. carp served
and eaten with chopsticks, pipes
smoked, stage cleared, all in no time."
"And the other?"
'The scene where Mme. Butterfly
stands watching for h?r husband at
the window of her shoji for seven and
a half eternal moments; not one word
spoken; not a movement made—why,
. it's the most daring thing ever done
on the stage!"
"And you're going to do it here, this
said; "and your own play—"
"My Own play?" she queried, opening
her eyes until the blue whites of them
grew into saucers.
"It's advertised," I informed her. j
"Well, Mr. has a large sized—"
she broke off, laughing, "and so I can't
do the 'Taming of the Shrew.' "
"So!" I said, "and that was on the
tapis?"
"Just—" she laughed, even blushed a
little,, "the Katharine and Petruchio
scenes, William Winter's arrangement,
you know. Please believe that it is a
creed with me that there is only one
Katharine, Ada Rehan; only, I like to
try. And there's only one Juliet, Julia
Marlow, adorable —and only one Be
atrice, too, Ellen Terry."
We went back to Belaseo then and
Miss Bates said he reminded her of a
once-upon-a-time high school principal
of hers, A. T. Wynne, who said to her
one day: "My child, knowledge Is not
knowing a thing; it's knowing where
to get it."
"That's what Belaseo knows, where
to get everything," Miss Bates added.
"He had a two-sword man to drill the
samurai in the play. He had Sada
Yacco's dresser to dress the women.
He had Yetto, the Japanese artist, to
look after the pictures. Every detail
in them is correct. Not one person
■in ten knows it, but it is for the tenth
that Belaseo works."
She told us afterward something of
the wizard's methods with his players,
of her first efforts with the Yo San
part; how she had gone with a care
fully prepared conception of the role
to her maestro; and how he had said:
"That's fine; that's how Blanche
Bates would do there; now do it as
a Japanese girl would do."
"Of course," the actress pouted de
lightfully, "I went home and cried all
night. But next day, with the little
here and there things he had said, it
seemed to come to me. You believe
you can do anything Mr. Belasco says
you can. I know I should jump off
that bridge yonder If he told me to."
Then we sauntered off to the McAl
lister street cars and got somehow to
talking of Mary Shaw, "the most won
derful woman I have ever met," Miss
Bates cried. "You should see her some
times at the Twelfth Night Club," she
went on. "Four or five of us would be
talking—being women it would natur
ally begin with personalities—but in a
while some question of literature or the
drama would come up and, by Jingo!"
Pictures, and I to dig up "stuff" for
stories. But the force of Emerson's
comments was full upon me when I
learned, a few days ago, that certain
dealers were diligently "knocking" the
work of artists who had exhibited with
them, and thereafter withdrew their
pictures, because they refused to be
parties to "commercial methods."
Now, these "commercial methods"
consist of the following brief de
tails: The guileless artist sends his
picture to the dealer with the price
of $75 upon it. A possible buy
er drifts in. asks the price,
and is told it Is $90. The buyer likes
the picture and pays the price; the
dealer pockets the $15, and possibly hav
ing forgotten ab<mt the little incident,
doesn't mention it to the artist—and
THF SAN FRANCISCO CALL SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1905.
m BLANCHE
PASTINGrToAT
CAJJFORNIA ACTRESS WHO IS APPEARING AS TO SAN IN BELASCO'S JAPANESE PLAT "THE DARLING
£SI SSWKS^ 0 WH ° ATTRIBUTES HER SUCCEsI f/^GRE^T^^I
Miss Bates slapped her knee with her
whip, "before you knew there'd be the
whole room listening to Mary Shaw—
you know how she can talk."
"It was one of my most recent and
delightful privileges to hear her," I
said.
"But she's bully," said Miss Bates.
And as she swung lightly off the car
and turned her brown, wholesome,
smiling face back toward me, I thought
there was another American actress
who was "bully."
FULL VALUE GIVEN
BY ALL THE LOCAL
THEATERS THIS WEEK
There Is value for money at every
theater In town this week. Chief
among the attractions is Blanche Bates
in "The Darling of the Gods" at the
Grand Opera-house. Pictorially the
Japanese play Is possibly the most
beautiful ever seen here. The story
also is taking, and Miss Bates as Yo
San, the ill fated Princess, adds largely
to her reputation. The support through
out a large cast is competent, and this,
the second week of the engagement,
bids fair to rival the first In its suc
cess.
The Columbia has George Ade's "Sul
tan of Sulu," with Ade in happy mood
and an excellent seconder ln Alfred
G. Wathall, who has furnished the
piece with excellent music. The com
edy is well handled by the company,
and to-morrow begins its second week
with a special holiday matinee.
At the Orpheum one gets in the Road
Show, this afternoon beginning Its sec
ond and last week, the cream of variety
entertainment- To the bill will be
added thl* , week the four Bards, Ameri
can athletes and balancers, whose per
formance Is said to be well up with the
rest of the bill. Mclntyre and Heath,
Clarise "Vance, Prank and Jen Latona
will change their songs and jokes, and
Grace Palotta, Probst the Great, Smirl
and Kessner, Spessardy's bears and po
then proceeds to rake off his o'er-ltberal
percentage of the $75.
Then the tragedy of the episode oc
curs, when the owner meets the artist,
and incidentally mentions the pur
chase price. Exit the artist for
the dealer, in perfect imitation of a
cannibal going to breakfast. The com
edy side of the tragedy is that the
story's true. How many of you artist
chaps cap attest to Its truth?
But oh the other hand let it be said
that there are a few conscientious art
dealers in San Francisco, just as there
are a few conscientious doctors—and
there really are some, though you
mightn't believe it. These men who
are honest with art and its progeni
tors are not the men who will say when
you ask for a Welch, or a Cadenasso.
or a Keith, or other local work, "Oh,
pshaw! I don't carry those fellows.
nies list.
• • •
"Old Heidelberg" has proved so suc
cessful at the Alcazar that they will
continue the charming play for another
week. John Craig and Lillian Law
rence in the chief roles have shown
themselves to exceptional advantage.
• • •
"Yon Yonson," the favorite Swedish
play, begins a week's engagement at
the California with this evening's per
formance.
• • •
At the Majestic they will have this
week the favorite war drama by Gil
lette, "Held by the Enemy." beginning
with a holiday matinee to-morrow af
ternoon. Following will be the pre
miere of Ella Wheeler Wilcox's bibli
cal drama, "Esther."
• • •
"King Dodo" begins its last week
with to-day's matinee, and everybody
will be sorry to see him go. The sale
of seats for the grand opera season be
gins next Wednesday morning. There
will be holiday matinees of "Dodo"
both to-day and to-morrow.
» * •
"Child Slaves of New York" is the
exciting bill at the Central this week.
It is said to be full of heart stirring
emotions and thrills.
"Princess Fan Tan,** the pretty mn~
slcal extravaganza at the Chutes, will
give its final performances on Monday
evening and Tuesday af tern ion. The
regular vaudeville performances, with
the four Gordons, clever acrobats, as
leaders, will then be resumed.
Is doing wonders for ten
ceius ir the vaudeville line.
GRAND OPERA SEASON
TO OPEN AT TIVOU
THEATER NEXT WEEK
A week from Monday evening the
first season of grand opera in the new
Tivoli Opera-house will be inaugurated.
The event is of extraordinary interest
in local musical annals. The Tivoli's
They're not doing earnest work." And
then out comes the insidious little ham
mer that "knocks" the unallled painter
and his picture.
And ln the deep silence of his studio,
where, to the leaping of his
pulses, he conceived the unpaint
ed thing; and then, bit by bit,
evolved it Into a tangible thing, with
an eagerness born of desire; then fin
ished it, with something of mother
love, something of passionate love,
something of friendship in the last
tender touches —all these tense mo
ments, minutes, hours, days and weeks,
with their hopes and their, cryinjr neces
sities, are condensed into an instant of
anguish. ~ And the little "knock" of the
dealer did it.
But the dealer isn't the only sinner.
There are—and I blush to say it—art
ists who have prevented the sale of
peculiar local, and even national fame,
is chiefly associated with the remark
able series of grand opera performances
that have been given by its manage
ment. As befits the new house this new
venture is on exceptionally ambitious
scale. There will be one hundred and
twenty-five people in the company ap-.
poaring, the principals of which come
with excellent records. The list of the
leading artists is as follows:
Soprani—Signora Tettarazzini, Slg
nora Berlindi, Signora Flory and Sig
nora Bettini.
Mezzo soprano and contralto—Signora
Claessens and Signora Marchi.
Tenori—Signor Colli, Signor Bazelli,
Signor Frosini and Signor de Marcho.
Barytones—Signor La Puma, Signer
Romboli and Signor Rossi.
Bassi—Signor Rossi, Signor Mugnoz
and Signor Cervi.
Conductors—Signor Pollacco, Signer
Colisciani and Signor Longo.
Stage director—Signor Saporelli.
The remarkable repertoire to be pre- N
sented during the engagement will In-'
"Faust" by Gounod, "The Pearl
Fishers" by Bizet, "Mignon" by Am
broise Thomas, "Manon Lescaut" by
Jules Massenet. by Delibes,
"Rigoletto" by Verdi, "Sonnambula" by
Bellini, "La Travlata" by Verdi, "Di
norah" and "Pagliacci" by Lponcavallo,
"Cavalleria Rusticana" by Pietro Mas
cagni. "Lucia" by Donizetti. "Puri
tanl" by Bellini, "The Barber of Seville"
by Rossini. "La Tosea" by Puccini,
"Manon Lescaut" by Puccini, "Adrienne
Lecouvrier" by Cilea, "Fedora" by
Giordani. "Ar.dre Chenier" by Giordan),
"Zaza" by Leoncavallo, "Carmen" by
George Bizet and "Laßoheme" by Puc
cini.
Miss Charlotte Thompson, author of
"A Suit of Sable" and "Silver Mounted
Harness," is dramatizing 1 Miriam
Michelson's "In the Bishop's Carriage"
for the Lieblers. Miss Thompson has
also been engaged by Frank L. Perley
to write a play for Margaret Anglin
next season.
BY LAURA BfllDE POWERS
then* fellows' pictures by thoughtless
What If the picture doesrTt
meet your ideals? Remember Emer
son's comments upon that point—and
let the man buy the thing that appeals
to him.
• • •
One &l 'the cleverest women artists
among us is Mrs. Ada Romer Shaw
han, whose portrait, in red chalk, of
Madame Caro Roma, as "Santuzza." is
attracting much attention. This ear
nest little woman has just finished a
splendid study of Paderewski.
• • •
Now is the artists' time to "loaf"—
an inelegant expression, but "profes
sional." *
L. P. Latimer, C. P. Neflson. oseph
Oreenbanm are all preparing to jro
a-sketching at the dawning of the new
year.
What was the little tale one used to
read about the bear with—like Mozart —
a weakness for dancing? Did not the
agile monkey swear at fe&V efforts and
the pig praise? And went the bear sor
rowfully away. Sorrow is also my
portion. Not for me to say the monkey
has commended my dance, but the pig
has praised. I must own to having held
not humbly the powrr given me here
for the furtherance rf the art musical
among us. i rrfust ror.foss to believing
that power not BStall —and claim, fur
ther, that it has b?r~ used with some
competence, discretion, an entire hon
esty of purpose and without fear or
favor. But such a vastne?9 of sway as
I am credited wttla in The Call edition
of the Mu.shn! Review of last week!
Realty, no! It is too. too much. In my
hands, says Mr. who edits
the afo; sheet, lit- the reins
of local musical empire—all, that is.
cot heid by my almost equally illustri
ous confrere of the Examiner, Asnton
Stevens. Tn pr-oof of this Mr. Metzger
devotes much space and more gram
mar—unique and delightful until, like
one of the earlier pagans, one is almost
persuaded to the faith. Then one re
members the preacher and returns a
lowly and chastened reviewer.
But seriously, for the few gocd peo
ple that take seriously this hysterical
and unimportant little person (to the
rest I apologize for his obtrusion here):
In his New Year sheet, among
other sins, Mr. Metzger accuses
The Call critic of signing criti
cisms not written by her and of a
wanton breach of professional eti
quette. There are other accusations —
chiefly one of a policy of destruction
rather than of c*Onstructior. and aie!
Why not Something new if not true —
but these, coming from this source, are
beneath even philanthropic attention.
To tak? Mr. Metzger's first accusation.
He says: ' The sweeping denunciation
of the excellent Kopta quartet and'
Mrs. Oscar Mansfeidt which appeared
in The Call under the name of its au
thorized critic was written by Oscar'
•Weil, who has taken unto himself the
censorship of music in this city for
quite a number of years. The criti
cism appeared under the signature of
The Call's critic, and there has not
been a case in the history of music in
the world (sic!) where such a breach
of the etiquette of the profession has
been made."
As the quotation best serves to show
the ealih?r of the article in question I
do not apologize for it.
The Kopta criticism did appear
"under" my name. As my signature,
if anywnere upon this page*, is at the
head of it, the criticism could hardly
have appeared "over" it. The implica
tion is another story. Twice certainly—
and if my memory serves me faithfully
three times—the fact that the article
was written by another person than
myself was deliberately insisted upon.
This makes Mr. Metzger what? Either
of two quite unpleasant things it seems
to me, Mr. Metzger. Take your choice.
You have here stamped yourself as a
person of phenomenally careless and
Incompetent reading; or, worse, as a—
well, as one in whom the truth is not.
I am unfortunate in one reaard.
whereby hangs this ta<e. I have always
found It necessary to attend a concert
in order to criticize it. Here I bow to
Mr. Metzger—who has not. Not unin
teresting in this connection, and as
evidence of the value of the Musical
Review's criticisms, is the fact that
Mr. Metzger's critique of the last Mi
netti concert was written and in type
before the concert took place!
ADA ROJtEK BHAWHAN 8 RKO CKAJ.K. DRAWING OK MME. CABO ROMA AS
SANTTTSZA IN "CA VALERIA RTJ BTIOANA '' A BIT OF CHARACTER
WORK THAT IB ATTRACTING A IvOT OF ATTENTION.
Because of my aforesaid limitations,
and because I judged the Kopta con
certs worthy of the best critical atten
tion the town affords, I asked Mr. Os
car Weil if he would be good enough to
take a few notes thereof for me in mr
own unavoidable absence. He most
kindly consented, and I hasten here to
record my gratitude to the most dis
tinguished musical critic this side of
New York for this and many other
kindnesses. Any one caring to refer to
the article in question will find it on
page 19 of the Sunday edition of The
Call of November 6 and will find there
in my indebtedness to Mr. Weil fully
acknowledged. They will not, however,
find any "sweeping denunciations.*'
There Is none.
Quite charmingly naive Is the other
accusation. 1 received, for the last
Minetti concert what is called a ' per
jional" invitation. I have received
them before. Fpr the uninitiate th«
••personal" Invitation is commonly an
invitation to give publicity and praise
to the affair you are invited to. There
ate exceptions. I judged that the Mi
netti concert was not one of them. In
fact, as the publicity of these columns
had before been sought—quite legiti
mately and worthily—for these affairs,
1 KNEW that the Minettl concert was
not one of the exceptions. It appears
that my judgment was entirely cor
rect. Among very much that was Rood,
for Mr. Minetti is here doing excellent
work, there were naturally points in
the performance to take exception to.
These, along with the praise and pub
licity given to the good work. I did
take exception to, in a short critique
that I intended to elaborate upon later.
Bat, behold! on the day following the
appearance of my criticism came a four
page typewritten letter of protest con
cerning my criticism from Mr. Alfred
Metzger. Like the "flowers that bloom
in the spring, tra la!" I could not see
what Mr. Metzger had to do with the
case. 80 I told him. So I told Mr.
Minetti, who in a subsequent letter to
me disclaimed any connection with Mr.
Metzger in the matter. But the spec
tacle of the pigmy preaching from the
bigger man's shoulders is not rare.
Mr.. Metzger, however, evidently be
lieved himself to be divinely appointed
for my chastisement; artlessly ex
pressed his pained surprise at my
breach of professional courtesy: wres
tled with my iconoclastic tendencies,
and ended up by threatening me with
a conspiracy against my freedom of
speech which "will begin to break out
in the New Year's edition of the Mu
sical Review, of which 10,000 codes
have been ordered for distribution"—if
I did not mend my ways!'.
But one has lost sight of the. point.
It is this. That the fact of my having
criticized the Minetti concert was not
animadverted upon. IT WAS THE
FACT THAT THE CRITICISM WAS
IN PART ' V 'AJDVERSE:"'
* • •
Paderewski has been persuaded to
give a final concert here next Sunday
afternoon at the Alhambra Theater.
There will doubtless be the usual laree
audience to greet this delightful artist,
and a most interesting prograrqme has
been arranged for.
New Book by Oscar Wilde.
LONDON. Dec. 31.—A new book by
Oscar Wilde Is the startling news of
th" week in the literary world. Methuen
is publishing it. The Athenaeum, the
literary authority of England, says it
is a book of intense interest. The pre
face, written by a friend, points out
that this is the only work that Oscar
Wilde wrote while he was in prison.
ItTHE WHITE HOUSE
(Maijjwr) Tuesday, January 3d, (■*"«:)
SALE
MUSLIN
UNDERWEAR
• —AT—
Greatly Reduced Prices
Evans Mast Pay Fine
Judge Dunne : yesterday affirmed the
Judgment of Police Judge Fritz against
J.ohn. Evans,' exproprietor of a saloon
at 116 Eddy street, fining him $100 with
•the alternative of 100 .days in the
County Jaii for battery upon Mamie
Parry. lSLTaylor street, with whom he
lived. The battery was committed on
June 30. 1903. and Evans was convicted
and sentenced on July 15 following. A
judgment.of Judge Fritz imposing, a
fine of $50' upon Evans for battery up
•in Mrs. Jane Egan. 503 Mason street,
was. reversed owing to an error in the
complaint; The complaint was sworn
to on. July 7, iao3, and the offense was
plleged to have been committed on
July. 27". •
After putting- your best foot forward
get there v ith both feet.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Important Notice!
• BEWARE of 'Cheap hair tonics
that contain wood alcohol and
chemical dyes which destroy and
gum the hair-
We" refer" you -to the County
Medical Society, who have inves
tigated and made a report on
substitutions and adulterations,
showing nearly 70 per cent adul
terations. ED. PIXAUD'S HAIR
l oNIC EAU ,DE QUININE is the
original and standard hair and
sculp tonic. It is Indorsed and
used and recommended by the
leading chemists*and the fashion
able people the world over for its.
purity and beneficial effects for
the hair and scalp, and on ac
count of its success there are sev
eral cheap hair' tonics now being
sold by unscrupulous dealers who
are looking for profit regardless
of quality.
The house of ED. PINAUD is
over 10(r years old. employing the
best skilled and experienced .peo
ple money will procure, manufac
turing all of their toilet prepara
tions, using the purest and best
materials. The immense success
of ED. PIXAUD'S EAU DE QUI
NTNE has. caused a number of
imitations to be placed on the
market and also has incurred the
greed of some barbers who refill
ED. PINAI'D'S. empty bottles
with- adulterated preparations.
Read the report of the County
Medical "Society about the dis
coveries made recently in that di
rection.
We Wffl Pay
$250
for information • leading to the
conviction of any dealer having
refilled 1 empty bottles of
ED.PINAUD'S
world renowned
Hair Tonic
Equ de Quinine
or adulterating and tampering in
any shape or form with the orig
inal contents of the same.
This offer is boha'-fide and is
made in order to protect the con
sumer, of ED. PINAI'D'S Toilet
Preparations.
There also some manufac
turers and dealers who "are imi
tating our label and bottle. •
ED. PIXAUD'S Eau de Quinine,
is sold in the United States tn no
other form than- in patented
Sprinkler • 'Stoppered Boi ies.
whiph contain 4, 8. 16 and 32
ounces. It is never sold In bulk.
Any communication relative :o
the detection of such frauds will
be treated In strict confidence by
ED. PIXAUD'S IMPORTATION
OFFICE.
ED. PINAUD BUIUDIXG,
sth Aye. ami 14th St., Xew York.
FREE
Bottle Hair Tonic. Bottle Denti
frice "and our latest creation in
perfume, mailed on receipt of 10c
to pay postage and packing.
We are the largest manufac
turers in the world of high grade
perfumes. Member of Jury
of Award St. Lout's World's Fair.
Our. house received the supreme
title of "Hors Concours," or
Beyond Competition," and
stands to-day in the world with
out a rival.
PARFUMERIE ED. PINAUD,
18 PlaCB Vcndomt, Paris
HEALTH OFFICER REPLIES
TO A PETIT CRITICISM
Kngan Scores Medical Editor in
Monthly Bulletin. Which Also Con-
tains Death and Birth Statistic*.
In the November bulletin just is
sued by the Health Department,
Health Officer Ragan takes occasion
to reply to the petty criticism of
Philip Mills Jones, editor of the Cali
fornia State Journal of Medicine, rela
tive to the "Household Health Hints"
issued by the Health Board. Ragan
says:
"The 'Health Hints to the House
hold' have borne good fruit, as evi
denced by the many testimonials re
ceived at this office as to their edu
cational value. They have been of
ficially recognized by many of the
prominent health officers of the coun
try, who have also sent written com
munications as to their worth, and New
York is about to take up this educa
tional work on similar lines. San
Francisco has been generously paid
the tribute by New York of inaugurat
ing this instructive movement. It i 3
but fair, however, to state that the
•hints' met with adverse criticism from
the callow editor of a local medical
journal, who failed signally in a simi
lar effort to educate the people in a
popular way through the columns of a
local daily newspaper in the matter of
guarding and preserving the health of
the individual in the community. His
rhapsodies, whJ*ah may have place in
a medical journal, found but scant
favor when submitted for popular
perusal."
Deaths during- November were 606,
which, on'an estimated population of
475,000, makes a death rate of 15.30
per 1000. Of these 393 were males
arid 213 females. The total births reg
istered were 471, which, however,
Rngar, says, is incomplete, owing to
failures to register. There were in
spected by the market inspectors:
Beeves. 19.733: calves, 7597, hogs, 21.
-BS6; sheep, 47,341; lambs. 33.428;
poultry. 231.075; fish. 800.000 pounds.
Condemnations were: Fruit.
pounds; vegetables, boxes 93, sacks 13:
canned and bottled goods, cans 1714,
bcttles 259.
MANY FAILED TO VOTE
AT THE LAST ELECTION
Registrar Adams Issues Statement
Showing: That 13,806 Registered
Citizens Ignored Franchise.
Registrar Adams yesterday issued a
statement showing by Assembly dis
tricts the registered vote, the polled
vote and the number that failed to
vote at the last election on November
8. The statement follows:
No. that
Registered Polled Failed
Districts— Vote. Vote, to Vote.
Twenty-eighth 42W 32C3 MM
Twenty-ninth 4792 .1789 luo3
TMrtieth 4682 5884 798
Tbirty-flrst 4466 9523 80S
Thirty-second 4483 .".87*5 587
Thirty-third 3800 . 288.1 417
Thirty-fourth 4419 3871 548
Thirty-fifth 4299 "72'> 579
Thirty-sixth 4714 3»571 84,1
Thirty-seventh 65*5 472-'> 8."» D
Thirty-eighth 5400 IM S6l
Thirty-ninth 4213 3ft3l 5£2
Fortieth ..' 397 ft 3375 fiOl
For! i f?r«t 3828 3325 {WW
F,.r:v-*-o>nd 5462 '4388 1C74
Forty-third 4888 3891 997
Forty-fourth 5134 3978 1156
Forty-fifth 3019 3078 541
Totals ..." 81,676 67,770 13,800
The Gadski Concerts.
Mme. Gadskl, the great prima donna,
wjll give three concerts at the Alham
bra Theater during the coming week, un
der the direction of Will Orecnbaum.
The artist will be assisted by Herr Sel
mar Meyrowlts, a conductor and pianist
of renown In Germany, where he has
been three years assistant conductor with
Herr Motl. The programme for the first
concert, which will be given next Tues
day night, January S, Includes the aria
from Weber's Freisehutz: an aria from
Mozart's Marriage of Figaro; Ich lieb
dlch, by Beethoven; Uotusblum. Nuss
baum. Mondnacht and Widmung. by
Sctmxnson; Neugierige. Margaret at the
Splrning Wheel, Haidenrosiein and the
Krkiing. by Schubert, and other splendid
works. Mr. Meyrowitz will play an orig
inal transcription from the orchestral
F'-orp of Wotan's Farewell and the
Magic Fire, from Die Walkure. At the
concert on Thursday night Gadski will
sing a group of songs by American com
posers, and the Saturday matinee will be
» magnificent Wagnerian programme, in
cluding the Imolation Scene from Die
<v>tterdamerung. Seats arc-now on safe
at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s. Next Monday
being a legal holiday the box office will
be at the Alhambra Theater in place of
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
Habeas Corpus Denied.
Domingo Bid>garri,« who Is under
sentence of sixty days' imprisonment
and a fine of 1250 for pasturing sheep
on a Government reserve, applied to
United States Circuit Judge William
H. Hunt yesterday for a writ of habeas
corpus. Bidegarri takes the stand that
the court has no power in a contempt
case to impose both fine and imprison
ment. Judge Hunt denied the writ, he
being about to leave for Montana ln
the evening. The application will be
presented to United States Circuit
Judge Morrow next week.
In the bright lexicon of the hustler
there Is no such word as "enough."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. JANUARY 1. 1905
PAST YEAR BREAKS RECORD
More Realty Deals Than In Any Precedlny
Twelve Months.
Total Value Represented Runs Very
Near to $48,000,000. •
Baldwin & Howell, in their monthly
publication, the Buyer and Seller, esti
mate that the sales of real estate ln
San Francisco during the year that
closed yesterday amounted in value to
$46,000,000 and that the transactions
numbered 7000. The Buyer and Seller
was published on Friday and there
were two days to be included in the
returns to make them complete, but the
totals may not vary much from the
Baldwin & Howell figures.
Taking; 545,000,000 as the approximate
showing for the twelve months, it will
be .noticed by those who are familiar
with realty transactions in this city
that, as compared with 1903, the num
ber of sales has increased 300, while the
total amount of money represented In
the deals falis short of the total of 1903
by about $2,500,000.
In ihe sectional totals for 1904 the
50-varas are credited with 624 sales*,
amounting to $15,500,000; the 100-varas
with 365 sales that brought in $6,500,000;
the Western Addition with 16SS sales,
total $13,500,000; the Mission. Potrero
and South San Francisco, collectively,
made a showing of 2375 sales, amount
ing to $5,750,000; the outside lands,
which include Richmond and Sunset
districts, 1948 sales, amounting to $3.
-750,009. Concerning the general stabil
ity of the local realty market and other
phases, the Buyer and Seller says in
part:
PHASES OF THE MARKET.
' The number of investments has ex
ceeded those of any similar period in
the history of this city. This increase
has been chiefly in home buying in the
outspreading districts. As a conse
quence the individual amounts have
been smaller than in those years when
buying was rather circumscribed to the
more expensive sections of the town.
Thus the aggregated considerations, as
estimated, appear less than those for
the two previous years. Estimates of
this character can only be approxi
mately correct, and, when the differ
ence betwen them is as narrow as the
apparent 5 per cent reduction of the
last year from its two immediate pre
decessors, it can not be strictly in-'
ferred therefrom that the situation has
materially altered.
'The special characteristics of this
market during the last year have been
the steady trend of business, its stabil
ity under conditions that would have
adversely affected a less vigorous
growth, and a healthfui increase in
values. There have been no periods of
either marked activity or stagnation.
Each of the twelve months developed
about the same amount of transac
tions. Neither the Presidential election,
the large increase in assessments nor
the sudden appearance on the market
of large holdings had any effect in
either checking investments or causing
a break in prices. On the contrary,
there was no disturbance, while values
for individual pieces of property show
ed even and normal increase. The SsWi
Francisco real estate market met all
of the ordeals imposed on it unflinch
ingly, and came forth from them the
stronger for the experience.
"Considering the districts as between
the last two years it may be said gen
erally that in the 100-vara there was a
falling off, that the flfty-vara and the
Western Addition remained in nearly
the same condition, that there were
slight gains In the Mission, Potrero
and South San Francisco grouped, while
in the outside lands the number of
transfers increased from 1500 to almost
2000, and the amount from $2,500 000 to
$3,750,000."
Dr.ALS OF PAST WEEK.
Speck & Co. have sold two properties
on the north line of Post street. 60 feet
wesi ,of Taylor. 40x60 feet, with old
buildings, for Mrs. Bertha Lewison and
Annabelle Hrlenberg to Maria L. Ed
mondsqp and Emma Sims, for $40,000.
The same brokers have also sold the
southwest corner of Fifth and Folsom
streets twice within a month. The lot
is 90x70 feet, covered with a three-story
frame containing flats and store. In
the firct instance it was sold for Helena
S"*>lesinger to Barton S. Hays for $38,
-000. During the week just closed the
property has been resold by Hays to
the Improved Real Estate Company,
composed of the Vallejo Adens. for $42,
-000. an advance of $4000 in about three
weeks.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold for
the Martha Luchsinger estate 170x80
feet on the northwest line of Minna
( :> iE :s
This week we will sell all
ft j I If goods at 20% Discount in
J M • & order to reduce stock for in-
ventorv » We have some beau
»iTrw IP mil X^ rass anc * Enamel Beds,
ml yLjLJri cc * c * s ' ar^of 2°°ds, Side
boards, Buffets, Extension
Tables, Stoves, Carpets, Bed-
ding, Draperies, etc. Don't
Ji\ (C k uv c^scwncre y° u nave
f) —V first seen these big bargains.
THE OLDEST AND MOST RELIABLE FURNITURE HOUSE
10/7-/023 MISSION ST ABOVESIXTH.
street, 80 feet southwest of Eighth,
with the improvements, occupied as a
factory by Sanborn, Vail & Co., for
also 62:9x137:6 feet on the south
line of Pacific street, 137:6 feet west of
Sansome, for $17,500.
The following sales have been made
by O. D. Baldwin & Son: For F. B.
Southworth, southwest corner of Pa
cific avenue and Walnut street, 35x100
feet; the Cuneo & Costa Company to
William A. Cooper, 22x68:9 feet and
three-story building on the east line of
Stockton street, 59:8 feet south of Clay,
for $5000: F. 1L Guillemet to Mrs. Rosa
Constant, 26:2x75 feet and three flats
ion ihe south line of Clay street. 85:2
fe«*t east of Powell, for $6600; H. G. and
E. J. Tiuman to Andrew R. Peterson,
51:8x114 feet on the north line of Twen
ty-fourth street, 176:8 feet east of
Douglass, for $1750; Edward L. Lande
gren to Samuel Lobenstein, 25x115 feet
on the south line of Henry street. 235
feet west of Sanchez, for $2000; Wolf
Brothers to Patrick and Mary Cronin,
52x114 feet on the south side of Eliza
beth street, 125 feet east of Douglass,
for $1.40*; Edward B. Hindes to James
W. Goodwin, 40x100 iVet on the north
west corner of Larkin and Filbert
streets, for $7500: for the estate of Wil
liam H. Tiegier. house and iot, 25x100
feet, on the east side Of Dolores 3treet,
76:6 feet north of Valley, for $3300; for
Mrs. Fannie L. Tyler and Mrs. Elsie
M. Mansfield, cottage and lot. 25x127:6
feet, on the south line of California
street, 156:" feet east of Webster, for
$4750: Mis. E. M. Williams to John S.
Barnes, 25x90 feet on the west line of
Clayton street. 757 feet north of Seven
teenth, for $700; Frederick Boese to
Clovis Petrovich. 25x73 feet on the west
side of Angelica stropi. 320 feet south
of Nineteenth, for $1250: David F. Mc-
Graw to Max Fox, 25x100 feet on the
north line of Clement street, 70 feet
east of Thirteenth avenue, for $1100:
James Tyson to John M. Peters, 25x120
feet on the west side of Seventh ave
nue. 125 feet north of B street, for $1000;
D. Skerrett to F. Boehme, 25x120 feet on
the cast line of Twenty-fourth avenue,
175 feet south cf Califc-nia street, for
$775: Charles J. Tracy to G. H. Fire
stein. feet on the east line of
Sixteenth avenue. 284:7 feet north of
Clement street, for $700: Wallace Brad
ford to Mrs. Mary A. Brind, 25x120 feet
on the east line of Thirteenth avenue.
125 feet south of California street, for
$1000: Charles Sandhahl to Luther G.
Rhodes. 25x120 feet on the east side of
Twelfth avenue. 250 feet north of Cali
fornia street, for $1050; Victor Williams
to Alfred T. Morris, 23x120 feet on the
east line of Seventh avenue. 175 feet
north of Point Lobos. for $1050; Theo
dore H. Kellogg to J. R. Saul, 50x100
feet on the south side of Clement street.
57:6 feet east of Third avenue, for $1700:
for Antoine Borel, nineteen lots in his
block bounded by Clement street and
Point Lobos, Thirtieth and Thirty-first
avenues, to twelve buyers, at prices
ranging from $450 to $700 for inside lots
and $1000 for corners.
Through O. D. Baldwin & Son's
agency. O. D. Baldwin has soid* to
Isaac L. Hoffman 50x87:6 feet and four-
Btory and basement brick building on
the northeast' line of Fourth street. 80
feet southeast of Howard, for $52,500.
LOTS NEAR THE OCEAN.
Sales have been made by Sol Getz &
Boa as follows: Lot 25x100 feet on the I
southwest line of Brazil avenue, 25 feet
southeast of Lisbon street, to James R. 1
Banks; 25x120, on the west side of For- :
ty-seventh avenue. 150 south of L I
street, to Sarah E. Harris; on the east
side-of Forty-fifth avenue, 225 north of 1
L street, to Charles B. Swifte; on the
west line of Forty-fifth avenue. 175 |
south of X street, to Sidney Hunn, and
on the east side of Forty-eighth av
enue, 200 feet north of I street, to F. H.
Evans.
The following: sales are reported by
B. Getz: Lot 23x100, northwest corner
of Vienna street and Brazil avenue, to
Joseph Frayer: 25x120. east line of
Twenty-third avenue, 175 feet north of
J street, to August Violante: 50x100.
souti. line of J street. 95 feet east of
Forty-fifth avenue, to Florence E.
Templeman; 25x120. east line of Twen
ty-fourth avenue. 125 feet south of
California, to Amy A. Holder: 57:6x100,
southwest corner of J street and Forty
eighth avenue, to James A. Halliday;
50x120. oast line of Forty-eighth av
enue, 100 feet north of P street, to Mar
tha E. Brown: 25x120. west line of For
ty-seventh avenue, 100 feet north of P
street, to Joseph A. Brown; 50x120. west
line of Twenty-first avenue, 275 feet
south of Clement street, to George W.
Williams; 35x120, west line of Tenth av
enue, 125 feet south of N street, with
improvements, to Justus Dogert; 50x100,
north line of L street, 52:6 feet east of
Twenty-third avenue, to Silverio Rl
vero; 25x93, south line of Fairmount
street, 37:6 feet east of Palmer, to Carle
Dell Erba; 25x100, northwest line" of
Lisbon street, 250 feet northeast of
China avenue with improvements, to
John G. and Henrietta Bruce; 50x100.
north line of J street, 82:6 feet east of
Forty-eighth avenue, to Ida M. Cam
bridge; 25x120, west line of Eighth av
enue, 250 feet south of H street, to
George Patrick; 25x120, west line of
Twenty-third avenue, 270 feet south of
Clement, to Asa W. Schell; 25x100,
southeast line of Madrid street, 225 feet
northeast of Persia avenue, with im
provements, to Denis Collins; 25x100,
southeast line of Athens street, 175 feet
southwest of Braz'l avenue, to Thomas
N. Prudden; 25x120, west line of Forty
si venth avenue, 250 feet south of O
street, to Jesse Moore: 25x120, west line
of Forty-seventh avenue, 175 feet south
of O street, to Leopold Kahn; 75x120,
west line of Forty-seventh avenue, 175
feet north of P street, to John King;
25x100, on the south line of O street. S2:fi
feet west of Forty-seventh avenue, to
Henry W. Dickens.
SOME LEADING SALES.
Dr. Hartland Law has sold to Mor
ton L. Cook 75x80 feet on the south
line of Howard street. 100 teet east
of Second, with L of 41x80 feet, with
old improvements, for $48,000.
Block 908, bounded by ocean boule
vard. Forty-eighth avenue, M and N
streets, has been sold by the estate of
Adolph Sutro «fOr §32.600, subject to
the confirmation of the court.
Through the agency of A. J. Rich
& Co. W. M. Halsey & Co. have taken
s lease for live years of the offices
formeriy occupied by G. W. McNear
& Co. at California and Sansome
streets. The rental for the term is
$35,000.
Thorne & Kilpatrick have sold for
Alexander Ward to A. F. Gunn 4Ox
95 feet and stores and fPAts on the
east line of Mission street, 55 feet
north of Twentieth, for $11,000.
Bovee, Toy & Co. have sold four
teen lots in the Turner block, bounded
by Lake and California streets and
Sjxteenth and Seventeenth avenues,
for $11,000. The same brokers have
sold 25x165 feet on the south line of
Folsom street, 100 feet east of Fifth,
with stores and flats renting for $100
a month, for $10,000.
Oscar Heyman has associated in
business with himself his brother, A»
vin. and lias formed the firm of Oscar
Heyman ft Bio. The firm is build
ing cottages on Chenery and Randall
street" and will soon build on Ver
mont and Twenty-fifth street*.
Mrs. Louise R. jChevassus has sol<l
to Henry H. Smyth the southwest cor
ner of Jackson and Scott streets.
37:3*4x108 feet, with residence, for
$16,000.
Bovee. Toy & Co. hrur* sold the
"Walter place in San Rafael, inclucling
nine acres, to anient for"$15,000.
Baldwin & Howell have sold the
Macdonough Colony tract, west of
Rerdley, Fresno County, to a Fresno
syndicate for ?50 an acre, or $27,020
for the tract.
Shainwald. Buckbee & Co. have
been Instructed by the Welch estate
to sell the block bounded by Fifth
and Six'h avenues and A and B streets
for cash or on terms.
Shafnwald, Buckbee & Co. are sub
leasing the entire fifth floor in the
Merchants' Exchange building for the
.Southern Pacific Company, which trfe
company has leased for a long period,
but will not need for it* own use for
some years.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will auction
real estate on January 10. The prop
erties to be offered for sale consist of
the following: South?ast corner of
California and Middle streets, between
"Webster and Fillmore; 24x1 37:6 feet
and residence on the south line of
California street., 58 feet east of Bu
chanan, with residence: 26:6x120 feet
and house on the south line of Pin*
street, 110 feet east of Octavia; 28:6
xIOO feet on the south line of Sacra
mento street. 52:6 feet cast of Walnut,
with residence; 25x100 feet and flats
on the east line of Baker gt.reer. 52:3
feet south of Jackson; 55x137:6 feel
and Improvements on the east line of
Laguna street. 100 feet north of
Union. With dwellings and stable;
26:7x114 feet, with flats, on the north
line of Army street. 160 feet north of
Sanchez: two building lots on the
south line qf Oak street, overlooking
the park panhandle; twenty-four lots
at Fourteenth and Point Lobos ave
nues, fronting on the proposed park
and Presidio boulevard.
Creditors After Grating
Following the action of the credi
tors of J. G. Grannis & Co., heating
contractors, in applying to the Fed
eral court to have the firm declared
bankrupt, a petition in involuntary
insolvency was filed yesterday in the
Superior Court by the representatives
of four firms to whom the Grannis
company is indebted. They are Dun
ham. Carrigan & Hayden, W. W.
Montague & Co., Henshaw. Bulklev
& Co. and R. N*. Xason & Co. Their
claims aggregate less than HOO.
Judge Makes Formal Order. m
Judge Lawlor made a formal order
yesterday dismissing the accusation of
the Grand Jury against the Election
Commissioners charging them with
misfeasance in office on the ground
that it should have been concurred in
by twelve members instead of ten. He
granted the Dißtrict Attorney the priv
ilege of laying the matter before the
present Grand Jury, to which counsel
for the Commissioners took an excep
tion. The order also contained his de
cisions on the other points raised.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions in insolvency were filed
yesterday in the United States District
Court as follpws: R. W. Sweet, Oak
land, retired merchant, liabilities $25.
-713, and no assets. Nearly the whole
of the liabilities were contracted in the
States of Illinois, Ohio and New York.
The heaviest San Francisco creditor is
Baker & Hamilton, J1686. R. E. Harold,
a liquor dealer of this city, also filetl
a petition. He owes 52713 and has no
assets.
Maritime Libels Dismissed.
United State* District Judge de
Haven yesterday dismissed the libels
in the following maritime cases:
George W. Boyd vs. steamship San Ga
brial; Joseph Gonsalez et aI. vs. Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company, and J.
J. Moore & Company vs. the British
steamer Lytton.
ADVERTISBMEXTS.
CITY i A PARIS
Dry Goods Company.
Semi Annual Clearance Sale!
SECOND FLOOR
Suits
Skirts
Coats
Jackets
and Raglans
..To Make Room for New Importations..
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY.
Getry and Stockton Streets, Union Square ,
MORE INSPECTORS MAY
BE SOON APPOINTED
United States Local Officers Will Be
Assisted by Increasing Their
Number at This Port.
Circulars have been issued by the
United States Civil Service Commis
sion for examinations for inspectors of
hulls and boilers, as a result of the
damaging; revelations made during the
investigation of the Slocum disaster in
New York. Rear Admiral Kempff has
completed the examination of about
ninety steam vessels in this harbor,
and has found that United States Local
Inspectors O. F. Bolles and John K.
Bulger have done their duty without
fear or favor and that all the regula
tions of ihe service have been rigorous
ly enforced here.
One thousand and twenty persons,
mostly women and children, lost their
Jives by the burning of the steamer
Slocum because the hose was defective
when the water was turned into It,
and because the life preservers were
worthless.
The inspectors here need assistance
in performing: their duties thoroughly
and promptly, and it is believed that
the Bureau of Navigation will add to
their number in order to increase the
efficiency of the force.
Object to Being Licensed,
Numerously signed petitions circu
ited by the California State Spiritual
ists' Association were filed yesterday
with the Board of Supervisors protest
ing against the collection of license
taxes from mediums and workers In
the- association, which is termed a re
ligipus organization. An amended
form of ordinance is submitted
exempting any duly ordained minister
or missionary of any religious organi-
Pianola-Piano I
A piano of highest grade, containing the Metrostyle s||
Pianola. Thus furnishing a piano of unquestioned merit mm
and the means by which any person Can play it, although 9B
he may know nothing of music. S|
In outward appearance the Pianqla Piano is not n
unlike the regular high-grade upright. But for those M
who have not acquired the ability to play, and are un
acquainted with music, there is the Metrostyle mech
anism, hidden entirely from view, which enables any 9k
one to render even the most classical compositions in Kb
a highly accomplished manner. |1|
The ability to play the piano correctly and with fig
expression, once an art so rare, now becomes the pos
session of any person who purchases the Pianola Piano. rag
There Is no evidence whatever of the Metrostyle attach- am
merit. HB
The change from one method of playing to the other can be Xi
instantly made. All that is necessary is to slide back a panel flEl
in the upper part of the case aiid lower the foot pedals which 3w5
supply the motive power for the Pianola mechanism. Bg|
Come in and try the Pianola Piano. Glad to have you do it, jgg
You'll find that you can render the most difficult as well as the §51
simpler compositions with all the feehng and with finer technique fejS§
than most pianists of the day could command. fls
Exclusive Agents San Francisco and Vicinity. |§i
KOHLER & CHASE I
(The Largest Music House on the Coast.) 1 ■§
Cor. Post and Kearny Sts. SJ
Have you ever considered the
Investment propositions ln the
BUSINESS CHANCE COL
UMNS?
Some opportunities that may
suit your capital advertised to
day—investigate.
ration from the provision imposing *
license on astrologers, seers, fortune
tellers, clairvoyants and the like.
Suits on Judgments.
Th<s defunct Peoples' Home Savings
Bank seeks a renewal of Judgments
had against some of Its debtors early
in January, 1900, and yesterday filed
four actions thereon; one against Her
bert A. Gable for $12,992 25, one against
A. L. Jenkins for $1305 77; one against
O. D. Sherman for $4942 93, and one
against P. Magetti for $1308 75.
Only Moke a Start.
The man who has no money doe* not
amount to much in this world, and ther*
is but one way to have money and that
is by saving it. A dollar saved is a dol
lar earned, and you do not want morw
than a dollar to open a savings account.
It is always a wise proposition to pre
pare for a rainy day. You can start with
$1 with the Phoenix Savings B. and I*
Ass n. 516 California street, receiving 4' ;
per cent interest, compounded semi-an
nually. On term accounts 5 per cent is
paid, payable semi-annually. Paid-tip
capital. $1,250,000; guarantee fund, 5200.
-000. The directors are A. A. Watklns.
Ohas. R. Bishop. Geo. C. Boardman, S.
Prentiss Smith, Gavin McNab. Chas. K.
Ladd; Clarence Grange, managing direc
tor.
A colored philosopher says there is
IeOT luck :n a rabbit's foot than
is in a chicken's foot —providing th
rest of the fowl is attached.
21THE WHITE HOUSE
tmssd Tuesday, January 3d, amies)
SALE
MUSLIN
UNDERWEAR
- : —• '« A\X—;
Greatly Reduced Prices
Evans Mast Pay Fine
Judge Dunne yesterday affirmed the
Judgment of Police Judge Fritz against
J.ohn. Evans,' exproprietor of a saloon
at 116 Eddy street, fining him $100 with
•the alternative of 100 .days in the
County* Jaii for battery upon Mamie
Parry. 13LTaylor street, with whom he
lived. The battery was committed on
June 30. 1903. and Evans wafc convicted
and sentenced on July 15 following. A
J\j'dgßient-.of Judge Fritz imposing, a
fine of $50' upon Evans for battery up
•in Mrs. Jane Egan. 503 Mason street,
was. reversed owing to an error in the
complaint; The complaint was sworn
to on. July 7, iao3, and the offense was
plleged to have been committed on
July. 27". •
After putting- your best foot forward
get there with both feet.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Important Notice!
• BEWARE of 'Cheap hair tonics
that contain wood alcohol and
• dyes which destroy and
gum the hair-
We" refer' you -to the County
Medical. Society, who have inves
tigated and made a report on
substitutions and adulterations,
showing nearly 70 per cent adul
terations. ED. PINAUD'S HAIR
l oNIC EAU .DE QUININE is the
original and standard hair and
sculp tonic. It is Indorsed and
used and recommended by the
leading chemists*and the fashion
able people the world over for its.
purity and beneficial effects for
the hair and scalp, and en ac
count of its success there are sev
eral cheap hair' tonics now being
sold by unscrupulous dealers who
are looking for profit regardless
of quality.
The house of ED. PINAUD is
over 100 - years old. employing the
best skilled and experienced .peo
ple money will procure, manufac
turing all of their toilet prepara
tions, using the purest and best
materials. The immense success
of ED. PIXAUD'S EAU DE QUI
NTNE has. caused a number of
imitations to be placed on the
market and also has incurred the
greed of some barbers who refill
ED. PINAUD'S. empty bottles
with- adulterated preparations.
Read the report of the County
Medical 'Society about the dis
coveries made recently in that di
rection.
We Wffl Pay
$250
for information • leading to the
conviction of any dealer having
reflllea* empty bottles of
ED. PINAUD'S
world renowned
hair Tonic
Bau de Quinine
or adulterating and tampering in
any shape or form with the orig
inal contents of the same.
This offer is boha'-fide and is
made in order to protect the con
sumer, of ED. PIXAUD'S Toilet
Preparations.
There also some manufac
turers and dealers who "are imi
tating our label and bottle. •
ED. PINAUD'S Eau de Quinine,
is sold in the United States tn no
other form than- in patented
Sprinkler • 'Stoppered Bofies.
whiph contain 4, 8. 16 and 32
ounces. It is never sold in bulk.
Any communication relative :o
the detection of such frauds will
be treated In strict confidence by
ED. PINAUD'S IMPORTATION
OFFICE.
ED. PINAUD BUILDING,
sth Aye. ami 14th St., New York.
FREE
Bottle Hair Tonic. Bottle Denti
frice "and our latest creation in
perfume, mailed on receipt of 10c
to pay postage and packing.
We are the largest manufac
turers in the world of high grade
perfumes. Member of Jury
of Award St. Louis World's Fair.
Our. house received the supreme
title of "Hors Concours," or
Beyond Competition," and
stands to-day in the world with
out a rival.
PARFUKERIE ED. PINAUD,
18 Plac* Vcndomt, Paris
HEALTH OFFICER REPLIES
TO A PETTY CRITICISM
Kngan Scores Medical Editor in
Monthly Bulletin. Which Also Con-
tains Death and Birth Statistic*
In the November bulletin just is
sued by the Health Department,
Health Officer Ragan takes occasion
to reply to the petty criticism of
Philip Mills Jones, editor of the Cali
fornia State Journal of Medicine, rela
tive to the "Household Health Hints"
ksued by the Health Board. Ragan
says:
"The 'Health Hints to the House
hold' have bbj-ne good fruit, as evi
denced by the many testimonials re
ceived at this office as to their edu
cational value. They have been of
ficially recognized by many of the
prominent health officers of the coun
try, who have also sent written com
munications as to their worth, and New
York is about to take up this educa
tional work on similar lines. San
Francisco has been generously paid
the tribute by New York of inaugurat
ing this instructive movement. It i 3
but fair, however, to state that the
•hints' met with adverse criticism from
the callow editor of a local medical
journal, who failed signally in a simi
lar effort to educate the people in a
popular way through the columns of a
local daily newspaper in the matter of
guarding and preserving the health of
the individual in the community. His
rhapsodies, may have place in
a medical journal, found but scant
favor when submitted for popular
perusal."
Deaths daring November were 606,
which, on'an estimated population of
475,000, makes a death rate of 15.30
per 1000. Of these 393 were males
arid 213 females. The total births reg
istered were 471, which, however,
Rngar, says, is incomplete, owing to
failures to register. There were in
spected by the market inspectors:
Beeves. 19.733: calves, 7597, hogs, 21.
-BS6; sheep, 47,341; lambs. 33.428;
poultry. 231.075; fish. 800.000 pounds.
Condemnations were: Fruit. 7?128
pounds; vegetables, boxes 93, sacks 13:
canned and bottled goods, cans 1714,
bcttles 259.
MANY FAILED TO VOTE
AT THE LAST ELECTION
Registrar Adams Issues Statement
Showing: That 13,806 Registered
Citizens Ignored Franchise.
Registrar Adams yesterday issued a
statement showing by Assembly dis
tricts the registered vote, the polled
vote and the number that failed to
vote at the last election on November
8. The statement follows:
No. that
Registered Polled Failed
Districts — Vote. Vote, to Vote.
Twenty-eighth 42i>fi 32C3 HnKt
Twenty-ninth 4792 .1789 Hlo3
TMrtieth 4682 ltBB4 798
Tliirty-flrst 4460 9523 80S
Thirty-second 4483 .".87*5 587
Thirty-third 3800 . 288.1 417
Thirty-fourth 4419 3871 548
Thirty-fifth 4299 "72'> f.79
Thirty-sixth 4714 3»571 84.1
Thirty-seventh 65*5 472-'> 8.".D
Thirty-eighth 5400 1899 861
Thirty-ninth 4213 .1631 5£2
Fortieth ..' 397 ft 3375 not
fPorty-flrtt 3828 3325 {WW
F,.r:v-*-o>n<J 5462 4388 1C74
Forty-third 4888 3891 997
Forty-fourth 5134 3978 115S
Forty-Afth 3019 3078 541
Touts ..." 81,576 07,770 13,800
The Gadski Concerts.
Mme. Gadski, the great prima donna,
wjll give three concerts at the Alham
bra Theater during the coming week, un
der the direction of Will Oreenbaum.
The artist will be assisted by Herr Sel
mar Meyrowlts. a conductor and pianist
of renown In Germany, where he has
been three years assistant conductor with
Herr Motl. The programme for the first
concert, which will be given next Tues
day night, January S, Includes the aria
from Weber's Freiscbutz: an aria from
Mozart's Marriage of Figaro; Ich lieb
dlch. by Beethoven; Lotusbluxn. Nuss
baum. Mondnacht and Widmung. by
Schumann; Neugierige. Margaret at the
Spfrntng Wheel. Haidenrosieln and the
Krkling. by Schubert, and other splendid
works. Mr. Meyrowitz will play an orig
inal transcription from the orchestral
F'-orp of Wotan's Farewell and the
Magic Fire, from Die Walkure. At the
concert on Thursday night Gadski will
sing a group of songs by American com
posers, and the Saturday matinee will be
» magnifleent Wagnerian programme, in
cluding the Imolation Scene from Die
<v>tterdamerung. Seats arc-now on safe
at Sherman. Clay & Co.'c. Next Monday
being a legal holiday the box office will
be at the A 1 ha m bra Theater in place of
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
Habeas Corpus Denied.
Domingo Bldegarrl,* who is under
sentence of sixty days' imprisonment
and a fine of 1250 for pasturing sheep
on a Government reserve, applied to
United States Circuit Judge William
H. Hunt yesterday for a writ of habeas
corpus. Bidegarri takes the stand that
the court has no power in a contempt
case to impose both fine and imprison
ment. Judge Hunt denied the writ, he
being about to leave for Montana ln
the evening. The application will be
presented to United States Circuit
Judge Morrow next week.
In the bright lexicon of the hustler
there Is no such word as "enough."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. JANUARY 1. 1905
PAST YEAR BREAKS RECORD
More Realty Deals Than In Any Preceding
Twelve Months.
Total Value Represented Runs Very
Near to $48,000,000. •
Baldwin & Howell, in their monthly
publication, the Buyer and Seller, esti
mate that the sales of real estate ln
San Francisco during the year that
closed yesterday amounted in value to
$46,000,000 and that the transactions
numbered 7000. The Buyer and Seller
was published on Friday and there
were two days to be included in the
returns to make them complete, but the
totals may not vary much from the
Baldwin & Howell figures.
Taking 545,000,000 as the approximate
showing for the twelve months, it will
be .noticed by those who are familiar
with realty transactions in this city
that, as compared with 1903, the num
ber of sales has increased 300, while the
total amount of money represented In
the deals falis short of the total of 1903
by about $2,500,000.
In itie sectional totals for 1904 the
50-varas are credited with 624 sales*,
amounting to $15,500,000; the 100-varas
with 365 sales that brought in $6,500,000;
the Western Addition with 16SS sales,
total $13,500,000; the Mission. Potrero
and South San Francisco, collectively,
made a showing of 2375 sales, amount
ing to $5,750,000; the outside lands,
which include Richmond and Sunset
districts, 1948 sales, amounting to $3,
-750,009. Concerning the general stabil
ity of the local realty market and other
phases, the Buyer and Seller says in
part:
PHASES OF THE MARKET.
' The number of investments has ex
ceeded those of any similar period in
the history of this city. This increase
has been chiefly in home buying in the
outspreading districts. As a conse
quence the individual amounts have
been smaller than in those years when
buying was rather circumscribed to the
more expensive sections of the town.
Thus the aggregated considerations, as
estimated, appear less than those for
the two previous years. Estimates of
this character can only be approxi
mately correct, and, when the differ
ence betwen them is as narrow as ths
apparent 5 per cent reduction of the
last year from its two immediate pre
decessors, it can not be strictly in-*
ferred therefrom that the situation has
materially altered.
'The special characteristics of this
market during the last year have been
the steady trend of business, its stabil
ity under conditions that would have
adversely affected a less vigorous
growth, and a healthful increase in
values. There have been no periods of
either marked activity or stagnation.
Each of the twelve months developed
about the same amount of transac
tions. Neither the Presidential election,
the large increase in assessments nor
the sudden appearance on the market
of large holdings had any effect in
either checking investments or causing
a break in prices. On the contrary,
there was no disturbance, while values
for individual pieces of property show
ed even and normal increase. The Salh
Francisco real estate market met all
of the ordeals imposed on it unflinch
ingly, and came forth from them the
stronger for the experience.
"Considering the districts as between
the last two years it may be said gen
erally that in the 100-vara there was a
falling off. that the fifty-vara and the
Western Addition remained in nearly
the same condition, that there were
slight gains In the Mission, Potrero
and South San Francisco grouped, while
in the outside lands the number of
transfers increased from 1500 to almost
2000. and the amount from $2,500 000 to
$3,750,000."
Dr.ALS OF PAST WEEK.
Speck & Co. have sold two properties I
on the north line of Post street. 60 feet
wesi ,of Taylor. 40x60 feet, with old
buildings, for Mrs. Bertha Lewison and ■
Annabelle Hr lenberg to Maria L. Ed- :
montlsqp and Emma Sims, for $40,000. |
The same brokers have also sold the '
southwest corner of Fifth and Folsom i
streets tv. ice within a month. The lot
is 90x70 feet, covered with a three-story
frame containing flats and store. In
the firct instance it was sold for Helena
S-rilesinger to Barton S. Hays for $38,- j
000. During the week just closed the '
property has been resold by Hays to!
the Improved Real Estate Company. I
composed of the Vallejo Adens. for $42.
-000. an advance of $4000 in about three i
weeks.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold for
the Martha Luchsinger estate 170x80
feet on the northwest line of Minna
This week we will sell all
ft j I If goods at 20% Discount in
J M • & order to reduce stock for in-
ventorv » We nave some beau
fßlrw X^ rass anc * Enamel Beds,
mI ELsMgjME- cc * cts ' ar * or g°°^ s t Side-
b oar^s > Buffets, Extension
Tables, Stoves, Carpets, Bed-
jtr ding, Draperies, etc. Don't
Ji\ (C k uv c^scwnere y° u nave
f) —V first seen these big bargains.
THE OLDEST AND MOST RELIABLE EURMTURE HOUSE £2?
10/7-/023 MISSION ST. ABOVESIXTH-
street, 80 feet southwest of Eighth,
with the improvements, occupied as a
factory by Sanborn, Vail & Co., for
also 62:9x137:6 feet on the south
line of Pacific street, 137:6 feet west of
Sansome, for $17,500.
The following sales have been made
by O. D. Baldwin & Son: For F. B.
Southworth, southwest corner of Pa
cific avenue and Walnut street, 35x100
feet; the Cuneo & Costa Company to
William A. Cooper, 22x68:9 feet and
three-story building on the east line of
Stockton street, 59:8 feet south of Clay,
for $5000: F. 1L Guillemet to Mrs. Rosa
Constant, 26:2x75 feet and three flats
ion ihe south line of Clay street, 85:2
fe«*t east of Powell, for 56600; H. G. and
E. J. Tiuman to Andrew R. Peterson,
51:8x114 feet on the north line of Twen
ty-fourth street, 176:8 feet east of
Douglass, for $1750; Edward L. Lande
gren to Samuel Lobenstein, 25x115 feet
on the south line of Henry street, 235
teet west of Sanchez, lor J2000; Wolf
Brothers to Patrick and Mary Cronin,
52x1f4 feet on the south side of Eliza
beth street, 125 feet east of Douglass,
for $I.4©*; Edward B. Hindes to James
W. Goodwin, 40x100 feet on the north
west corner of Larkin and Filbert
streets, for $7500: for the estate of Wil
liam H. Tiegier. house and iot, 25x100
feet, on the east side Of Dolores 3treet,
76:6 fpet north of Valley, for $3300; for
Mrs. Fannie L. Tyler and Mrs. Elsie
M. Mansfield, cottage and lot. 25x127:6
feet, on the south line of California
street, 156:" feet east of Webster, for
$4750: Mis. E. M. Williams to John S.
Barnes, 25x00 feet on the west line of
Clayton street. 757 feet north of Seven
teenth, for $700; Frederick Boese to
Clovis Petrovich. 25x73 feet on the west
side of Angelica strepi. 320 feet south
of Nineteenth, for $1250: David F. Mc-
Graw to Max Fox, 25x100 feet on the
north line of Clement street, 70 feet
east of Thirteenth avenue, for $1100:
James Tyson to John M. Peters, 25x120
feet on the west side of Seventh ave
nue. 125 feet north of B street, for $1000;
D. Skcrrett to F. Boehme, 25x120 feet on
the east line of Twenty-fourth avenue,
175 feet south cf Califo-nia street, for
$775: Charles J. Tracy to G. H. Fire
stein. feet on the east line of
Sixteenth avenue. 284:7 feet north of
Clement street, for $700: Wallace Brad
ford to Mrs. Mary A. Brind, 25x120 feet
on the east line of Thirteenth avenue.
125 feet south of California street, for
$1000: Charles Sandhahl to Luther G.
Rhodes. 25x120 feet on the east side of
Twelfth avenue, 250 feet north of Cali
fornia street, for $1050; Victor Williams
to Alfred T. Morris, 23x120 feet on the
east line of Seventh avenue. 175 feet
north of Point Lobos. for $1050; Theo
dore H. Kellogg to J. R. Saul, 50x100
feet on the south side of Clement street.
57:6 feet east of Third avenue, for $1700:
for Antoine Borel, nineteen lots in his
block bounded by Clement street and
Point Lobos, Thirtieth and Thirty-first
avenues, to twelve buyers, at prices
ranging from $450 to $700 for inside lots
and $1000 for corners.
Through O. D. Baldwin & Son's
agency, O. D. Baldwin has soic? to
Isaac L. Hoffman 50x87:6 feet and four-
Btory and basement brick building on
the northeast' line of Fourth street. 80
feet southeast of Howard, for $52,500.
LOTS NEAR THE OCEAN.
Sales have been made by Sol Getz &
Boa as follows: Lot 25x100 feet on the I
southwest line of Brazil avenue, 25 feet
southeast of Lisbon street, to James R. 1
Banks; 25x120, on the west side of For- :
ty-seventh avenue. 150 south of L I
street, to Sarah E. Harris; on the east
side-of Forty-fifth avenue, 225 north of 1
L street, to Charles B. Swifte; on the
west line of Forty-fifth avenue. 17,"> |
south of X street, to Sidney Hunn, and
on the east side of Forty-eighth av
enue, 200 feet north of I street, to F. H.
Evans.
The following: sales are reported by
B. Getz: Lot 23x100, northwest corner
of Vienna street and Brazil avenue, to
Joseph Frayer: 25x120. east line of
Twenty-third avenue, 175 feet north of
J street, to August Violante: 50x100.
souti. line of J street. 95 feet east of
Forty-fifth avenue, to Florence E.
Templeman; 25x120. east line of Twen
ty-fourth avenue. 125 feet south of
California, to Amy A. Holder: 57:6x100,
southwest corner of J street and Forty
eighth avenue, to James A. Halliday;
50x120. oast line of Forty-eighth av
enue, 100 feet north of P street, to Mar
tha E. Brown: 25x120. west line of For
ty-seventh avenue, 100 feet north of P
street, to Joseph A. Brown; 50x120. west
line of Twenty-first avenue, 275 feet
south of Clement street, to George W.
Williams; 35x120. west line of Tenth av
enue, 125 feet south of N street, with
improvements, to Justus Dogert; 50x100,
north line of L street, 52:6 feet east of
Twenty-third avenue, to Silverio Rl
vero; 25x93, south line of Fairmount
street, 37:6 feet east of Palmer, to Carle
Dell Erba; 25x100, northwest line" of
Lisbon street, 250 feet northeast of
China avenue with improvements, to
John G. and Henrietta Bruce; 50x100.
north line of J street, 82:6 feet east of
Forty-eighth avenue, to Ida M. Cam
bridge; 25x120, west line of Eighth av
enue, 250 feet south of H street, to
George Patrick; 25x120, west line of
Twenty-third avenue, 270 feet south of
Clement, to Asa W. Schell; 25x100,
southeast line of Madrid street, 225 feet
northeast of Persia avenue, with im
provements, to Denis Collins; 25x100,
southeast line of Athens street, 175 feet
southwest of avenue, to Thomas
N. Prudden; 25x120, west line of Forty-
Seventh avenue, 250 feet south of O
street, to Jesse Moore: 25x120, west line
of Forty-seventh avenue, 175 feet south
of O street, to Leopold Kahn; 75x120,
west line of Forty-seventh avenue, 175
feet north of P street, to John King;
25x100, on the south line of O street. 82*1)
feet west of Forty-seventh avenue, to
Henry W. Dickens.
SOME J.FADING SALES
Dr. Hartland Law has soJd to Mor
ton L. Cook 75x80 feet on the south
line of Howard street. 100 teet east
of Second, with I, of 41x80 feet, with
old improvements, for $48,000.
Block 908, bounded by ocean boule
vard. Forty-eighth avenue, M and N
streets, has been sold by the estate of
Adolph Sutro -for 532.600. subject to
the confirmation of the court.
Through the agency of A. J. Rich
& Co. W. M. Halsey & Co. have taken
a lease for live years of the offices
formerly occupied by G. W. McN'ear
& Co. at California and Sansome
streets. The rental for the term is
$35,000.
Thorne & Kilpatrick have sold for
Alexander Ward to A. F. Gunn 4Ox
05 feet and stores and flats on the
east line of Mission street, 55 feet
north of Twentieth, for $11,000.
Bovee, Toy & Co. have sold four
teen lots in the Turner block, bounded
by Lake and California streets and
Sjxteenth and Seventeenth avenues,
for $11,000. The same brokers have
sold 25x165 feet on the south line of
Folsom street, 100 feet east of Fifth,
with stores and flats renting for $100
a month, for $10,000.
Oscar Herman has associated in
business with himself his brother, A»
vin. and lias formed the firm of Oscar
Tleyman ft Bio. The firm is build
ing cottages on Chenery and Randall
street" and will soon build on Ver
mont and Twenty-fifth street*.
Mrs. Louise R. jChevassus has sol<l
to Henry H. Smyth the southwest cor
ner of Jackson and Scott streets.
37:3*4x108 feet, with residence, for
$16,000.
Boveo. Toy & Co. hfl»* sold the
Walter place in San Rafael, incluclina;
nine acres, to anient for"$15,000.
Baldwin & Howell have sold the
Macdonough Colony tract, west of
Rerdley, Fresno County, to a Fresno
syndicate for ?50 an acre, or $27,020
for the tract.
Shainwald. Buckbee & Co. have
been Instructed by the Welch estate
to sell the block bounded by Fifth
and Six'h avenues and A and B streets
for cash or on terms.
Shafnwald, Buckbee & Co. are sub
leasing; the entire fifth floor in the
Merchants' Exchange building for the
.Southern Pacific Company, which trfe
company has leased for a long period,
but will not need for it* own use for
some years.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will auction
real estate on January 10. The prop
erties to be offered for sale consist of
the following: South?ast corner of
California and Middle streets, between
"Webster and Fillmore; 24x1 37:6 feet
and residence on the south line of
California street., 58 feet east of Bu
chanan. With residence: 26:6x120 feet
and house on the south line of Pin*
street, 110 feet east of Octavia: 28:6
xIOO feet on the south line of Sacra
mento street. 52:6 feet cast of Walnut,
with residence; 25x100 feet and flats
on the east line of Baker gf.reer. 52:3
feet south of Jackson; 55x137:6 feel
and Improvements on the east line of
Laguna street. 100 feet north of
Union, with dwellings and stable;
26:7x114 feet, with flats, on the north
line of Army street. 160 feet north of
Sanchez: two building lots on the
south line o/ Oak street, overlooking
the park panhandle; twenty-four lots
at Fourteenth and Point ave
nues, fronting on the proposed park
and Presidio boulevard.
Creditors After Grannis,
Following: the action of the credi
tors of J. G. Grannis & Co., heating
contractors, in applying to the Fed
eral court to have the firm declared
bankrupt, a petition in involuntary
insolvency was filed yesterday in the
Superior Court by the representatives
of four firms to whom the Grannis
company is indebted. They are Dun
ham. Carrigan & Hayden, W. W.
Montague & Co., Henshaw. Bulklev
& Co. and R. N*. Xason & Co. Their
claims aggregate less than HOO.
Judge Makes Formal Order. m
Judge Lawlor made a formal order
yesterday dismissing the accusation of
the Grand Jury against the Election
Commissioners charging them with
misfeasance in office on the ground
that It should have been concurred in
by twelve members instead of ten. He
granted the Dißtrict Attorney the priv
ilege of laying the matter before the
present Grand Jury, to which counsel
for the Commissioners took an excep
tion. The order also contained his de
cisions on the other points raised.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions in insolvency were tiled
yesterday in the United States District
Court as follpws: R. W. Sweet, Oak
land, retired merchant, liabilities $25.
-713, and no assets. Nearly the whole
of the liabilities were contracted ln the
States of Illinois, Ohio and New York.
The heaviest San Francisco creditor is
Baker & Hamilton, $1686. R. E. Harold,
a liauor dealer of this city, also fileOt
a petition. He owes $2713 and has no
assets.
Maritime Libels Dismissed.
United States District Judge de
Haven yesterday dismissed the libels
in the following maritime cases:
George W. Boyd vs. steamship San Ga
brial; Joseph Gonsalez et aI. vs. Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company, and J.
J. Moore & Company vs. the British
steamer Lytton.
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
CITY! A PARIS
Dry Goods Company.
Semi Annual Clearance Sale!
SECOND FLOOR
Suits
Skirts
Coats
Jackets
and Raglans
..To Make Room for New Importations..
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY.
Cetry and Stockton Streets, Union Square ,
MORE INSPECTORS MAY
BE SOON APPOINTED
United States Local Officers Will Be
Assisted by Increasing Their
Number at This Port.
Circulars have been issued by the
United States Civil Service Commis
sion for examinations for inspectors of
hulls and boilers, as a result of the
damaging revelations made during the
investigation of the Slocum disaster in
New York. Rear Admiral Kempff has
completed the examination of about
ninety steam vessels in this harbor,
and has found that United States Local
Inspectors O. F. Bolles and John K.
Bulger have done their duty without
fear or favor and that all the regula
tions of ihe service have been rigorous
ly enforced here.
One thousand and twenty persons,
mostly women and children, lost their
Jives by the burning of the steamer
Slocum because the hose was defective
when the water was turned into it,
and because the life preservers were
worthless.
The inspectors here need assistance
in performing their duties thoroughly
and promptly, and it is believed that
the Bureau of Navigation will add to
their number in order to increase the
efficiency of the force.
Object to Being Licensed,
Numerously signed petitions circu
ited by the California State Spiritual
ists' Association were filed yesterday
with the Board of Supervisors protest
ing against the collection of license
taxes from mediums and workers In
the- association, which is termed a re
ligipus organization. An amended
form of ordinance is submitted
exempting any duly ordained minister
or missionary of any religious organi-
I Pianola-Piano I
B A piano of highest grade, containing the Metrostyle s||
H Pianola. Thus furnishing a piano of unquestioned merit mm
n and the means by which any person Can play it, although 9B
H he may know nothing of music. S|
H In outward appearance the Pianqla Piano is not n
■B unlike the regular high-grade upright. But for those M
H who have not acquired the ability to play, and are un
sm acquainted with music, there is the Metrostyle mech
-8 anism, hidden entirely from view, which enables any 9k
B one to render even the most classical compositions in Kb
H a highly accomplished manner. |1|
H The ability to play the piano correctly and with Ms
H expression, once an art so rare, now becomes the pos- rag
H session of any person who purchases the Pianola Piano. SB
|H There Is no evidence whatever of the Metrostyle attach- am
H merit. HB
|H The change from one method of playing to the other can be Xi
instantly made. All that Is necessary is to slide back a panel flEl
19 in the upper part of the case and lower the foot pedals which 3w5
wLm supply the motive power for the Pianola mechanism. Bg|
1W Come in and try the Pianola Piano. Glad to have you do it, jgg
JSm i'ou'll find that you can render the most difficult as well as the §51
Q| simpler compositions with all the feehng and with finer technique f&3
■H than most pianists of the day could command. Hfi
■H Exclusive Agents San Francisco and Vicinity. |§i
■ KOHLER & CHASE I
BB (The Largest Music House on the Coast.) 1 BH
m Cor. Post and Kearny Sts. 9
Have you ever considered the
Investment propositions In the
BUSINESS CHANCE COL
UMNS?
Some opportunities that may
suit your capital advertised to
day—investigate.
ration from the provision imposing *
license on astrologers, seers, fortune
tellers, clairvoyants and the like.
Suits on Judgments.
Th<s defunct Peoples' Home Savings
Bank seeks a renewal of Judgments
had against some of Its debtors early
in January, 1900, and yesterday filed
four actions thereon; one against Her
bert A. Gable for $12,992 25, one against
A. L. Jenkins for $1305 77; one against
O. D. Sherman for $4942 93, and one
against P. Magetti for $1308 75.
Only Moke a Start.
The man who has no money doe* not
amount to much in this world, and ther*
is but one way to have money and that
is by saving it. A dollar saved is a dol
lar earned, and you do not want morw
than a dollar to open a savings account.
It is always a wise proposition to pre
pare for a rainy day. You can start with
$1 with the Phoenix Savings B. and I*
Ass n. 516 California street, receiving 4' ;
per cent interest, compounded semi-an
nually. On term accounts 5 per cent is
paid, payable semi-annually. Paid-tin
capital. $1,250,000; guarantee fund, 5200.
-000. The directors are A. A. Watklns.
Chas. R. Bishop. Geo. C. Boardman, S.
Prentiss Smith, Gavin McNab. Chas. K.
Ladd; Clarence Grange, managing direc
tor.
A colored philosopher says there is
IeOT luck :n a rabbit's foot than
is in a chicken's foot —providing th
rest of the fowl is attached.
2122.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOB?' D. WTKBtXEUs nop—«
ADDKXm ALA. COMIfCXrCATIONS TO
*OHJC .MeSAITCHT - - Mm "-J?!!
rvBLKATwas orTK-mT.. ..T*rap ajto mamowt rnixmm. mam xhawcisco
liTs'DAT ■ J f KUABT
THE old year has passed into history, and it added thereto an
interesting chapter. Jt witnessed the rise of a new nation in
the emergence of Japan into the company of the great world
powers. This event differs totally from any past manifestation of
Asiatic energy. While war was the motive and the background,
it is not like the Asiatic wars waged by Genghis Khan and his
descendant, Tamerlane, japan has not merely made defensive war.
She has furnished the world with an example by the application
of modern science to military sanitation. Had this been done in
our Civil War hundreds of' thousands of lives lost by disease
would have been saved by science. Japan has shown expertness,
courage and patriotism in the business of destroying life, but she
has more than balanced this destruction by showing how life
cari be saved by scientific sanitation, and has taught the military
•iommissaFv of the western world the most important lesson it
has ever learned. End how the war may. it may be truthfully said
"that it. has done more physical good in the world than any war
since men fought. Its incidents are among the conspicuous features
of the yeir that is gone.
Of - equal importance to mankind is the part played by our
own country in advancing peace on earth and cultivating good
will among -men. The extension of arbitration treaties and the
reassembling of Ther Hague Peace Conference are shining jewels
in the crown of American diplomacy. In this connection we cannot
•forget .to give to < Jreat Britain the credit due for that great self
control which refused to make the North Sea carnage the caus<
of immediate war. Its submission to arbitration has wonderfully
•enlarged the field of that beneficent and bloodless resort for the
settlement of international disputes. As it directly involved an
?=sue of national honor, respecting an affront heretofore considered
expiable only in blood, a very high example has been set for the
naiior.s to follow. Jt has probably removed eight-tenths of the
causes and the risk* and the misery of future wars. King Edward,
by it, made for himself.a place in history as the peace lord, greater
•than that of any-war lord.
. At home the. year has been one of prosperity and achievement.
•It witnessed the accomplishment of the world's greatest work of
peace by bringing in reach the building of the isthmian canal. The
•'ream-of Jefferson and Humboldt has been made a reality, and
when -the work i« done the people of the planet will all be its
.beneficisr:'-*. "and the glory it will add to the Star* and Stripes
will be greater than that with which any war could gild the flag.
Upon the whole it is doubtful if any year preceding it has
added as much to the safety and satisfaction of the race. With
•it- great history behind us we face the new year with stout hearts
and Co'.irage. It brings the. solution of new problems in oar own
Government and institutions. The President has mapped out these
problems, which call for the exercise of that power of the Govern
ment which the constitution gives it to provide for the general
welfare. President Roosevelt has seen clearly the provision that
must be made to conform the transportation policy of the country
to the welfare of the people, and with great unselfishness has
equipped himself for hi« part of the task by refusing to again be
a candidate for the Presidency. In the year that is ahead there
will be. abundant need and opportunity to hold up its hands while
Jthey do the mighty work he has chosen for himself. •
As .we look from this day into the twelve months to come
they seem ro«y with prosperity and busy with progress. In morals
and materialities Americans are not content to stand still. They
have that noble .discontent which impels to self-examination in
search of faults within themselves that hold them back from highs r
achievement*, and they, frown upon that ignoble discontent which
would impute to other* the disaster or stagnation which are caused
by lack of.personal initiative and energy, thrift, temperance and
industry.
Our own State ha* occupied a large space in the procession of
events i-n the last year. Her resources and the genius of her
people have been before the world's eye at St. Louis, with results
as honorable as they are satisfactory. California has made her
biggest bow to the world and put her shining lure where it has
clfarmed. millions. Awakened to a fuller knowledge of her power,
4atent in the mo*t varied and valuable capacities enjoyed by any
part- of the world's surface, she is girded for the most important
year's work in her history. With the implements of industry in
the hand 91- enterprise, her people go forth to the woodsand waters,
the fields and vineyards, the orchards and mines, to conquer com
fort and wealth from that embarrassment of riches which nature
has lavished upon her in a setting of scenery and sunshine unsur
passed.
Knowing that much is required of those to whom much is
given. Californians. alive to their duty and their opportunity, will
make the vorld their debtor in the year to come. Let them to-day
remember the disinherited among them, and be liberal to those in
need. .Let them help the brother that has stumbled, that, set upon
his fe«?t. he may run the race appointed, and out of their abundance
let mercy and charity give with a free hand.
IX some of its aspects the Folsom break is not a pleasant subject
to discuss. But in others it is to be viewed with unmixed satis
faction. The incidents of the former break, in which the Warden
and guards were held prisoners and used as shields for the escap
ing convicts, were an injury to prison discipline everywhere. It
imperiled the safety of society by pointing out to bad prisoners a
way of escape to a freedom that would be used in preying upon
others. Xo wonder its example was followed in the same prison
where it was set.
The bravery of Captain Murphy and Guard Jolly, in taking the
fire of thc.ir fellows and retaining a presence of mind which faci'i
tated the. Shooting down of the conspirators, is beyond all praise.
They suffer for the good of the State and the State should not
forget them. Warden Veil ha< proved himself the man for the hard
place he fills. His orders to the guards to fire, even though con
victs might be using his own body for a shield, were obeyed, and
his part in the brief battle was that of a man of soldierly spirit and
courage. He ranks now with the foremost wardens who have the
management of convicts in charge.
His foresight has saved a wholesale break, for it is sure that
if the ringleaders had succeeded they would hay* been joined
by scores of. others in leaving the prison. Had this occurred we
would now be witnessing a repetition of the sickening incidents that
followed the escapes effected under Warden Wilkinson. Prison dis
cipline everywhere is restored and society is safer than before.
And for this all honor is due to Warden Yell and his brave officers.
THE WOMEN NEWSMAKERS.
THE closing months of the year have brought our sister woman
forward as a news center. The press of the country has surren
dered the front page to her. Mrs. Chadwick, the financial won
der of the youthful century, has come forward as the champion bam
boozler of bankers, preachers and social circles. She has sent all male
operators in shady finance so far to the rear that their operations
look like thirty cents.
In boldness, plausibility and grandeur of scheme she is easily
first. If Andrew Carnegiews judgment prove good and she get a
term in prison, she will still remain the greatest criminal curio the
world has known. Broken banks and indicted bankers strew her
path. She and Nan Patterson have held the front of the stage, and
wars and rumors of wars, parliaments and congresses, even the riots
in the Hungarian Diet, get no more attention than common dog
fights.
A close second to them is the lady voter of Colorado, who seems
HAIL THE NEW YEAR.
THE FOLSOM BREAK.
THE SAX FRAN-CISCO CALL. SUNDAY. JANUARY 1. 1905
FEW PERSONS ARE FITTED
TO ENTER THE INNOCENT
HEART OF A TOUNG GIRL
BY DOROTHY FENIMORE.
IN Helen Keller'* story of her life is
narrated the pathetic incident of the
rojne girl awakening to the mean-
ing of the word ''love." Is it the
sweetness of the flowers? she asked.
N**. said her teacher, it is not that. Is
he warm sun* sh* questioned. No
it is not exactir that, was the reply.
At last In her own way she tiesped
what love is, and in her own way she
defined it—it is something yon cannot
touch—"but you can feel the sweetness
that It pours into everything. Without
love you would not be happy, or want j
tc play. The beautiful truth burst \
upon my mind." she says. "I felt that
there were invisible lines stretched be- !
tween my spirit and the spirit of I
01 hers."
An emotional experience similar to,
Helen Keller's is not unusual with nor
mal gir?bood. except that, where ave
nu«s of s*ns* are not cut off. knowl
edge of love comes spontaneously, un
bidden. The mood itself is. I should
say. characteristic of young woman
hood, at its earliest-dawn, among girJs
who have groin n as the flowers do
which are well nourished by fr-»sb air
end sun.
to have fought cussed and cheated at the polls and stuffed the
ballot-box with as free a hand as ever did her brother, man. She is
also in jail for these offenses. But it must be a hard-hearted tyrant
who condemns her to any very severe punishment. She has done
no more and mighty little less for her favorite candidate or her party
than the male electors of that perturbed State have done. If each
criminal ballot cast in the last election in Colorado had been emetic
in its effect the ballots would have been spilled all over the moun
tains and the plains and the mining gulches.
As newsmakers the representatives of the gentler sex have
earned the gratitude of the news editors who were bored numb by the
passive stupidity and dullness of the Presidential campaign.
VARDAMAN AND THE LAW.
GIVE Governor Vardaman his due. His turbulent career
and violent expressions prior to his election as Governor of
Mississippi inspired the rough spirits of that State with the
belief that he would wink at the murderous extermination of the
negroes. It must be said in behalf of tjie exterminators that they
were somewhat justified in this. But they are now placed in the
position of all criminals who have misunderstood a wink from the
governing power. They proceeded to organize murder bees, and to
amuse themselves by harry ing and torturing negroes. Their white
cap clubs had great fun for a while, and as the game was plenty the
hunt went on. Then Vardaman acquired respect for the law and
proceeded to hunt the hunters. For this purpose he employed Pink
ertons to go into the white cap counties and secure evidence which
he has used in court to such good purpose that a large number of
white men are in the penitentiary, some for life, some for fifty
years and others for less but long terms, and some stand a chance
to look their last through a noose.
Vardaman is a surprise to the North, but he is a painful revel
ation to the white cap counties of his own State. He has been so
brusque and violent in his utterances that it is a real pleasure to
offset them by his acts. He has shown relentless energy in pursu
ing those who torture, rob and murder negroes as a pastime in his
State, and should have full credit for it. He also sets an example
to all Governors in whose States there k the disease of the mob
spirit and of mob law. Others may profit by his example, by the
employment of Pinkertons to get evidence that will convict these
enemies of order. In several Northern States the spectacle of a
few leading citizens in stripes will have a wholesome and deterrent
effect upon the sessions of the court of Judge Lynch.
SOME HOLIDAY EDITIONS.
NEWSPAPERS in Alameda County have signalized the holiday
season by expending their best efforts upon extra editions
typifying the march of progress and setting forth the triumphs
of industry which have marked the year just passed.
Especially worthy of commendation is the excellent Christmas
edition of forty-eight pages which the Oakland Tribune has brought
out. Besides giving in detail the signs of prosperity which mark
the present growth of Oakland and its suburbs, the Tribune im
partially extends its survey to the whole of Alameda County and
gives its neighbor, Contra Costa, a goodly share of space. Art
work of a high class' and halftones, in the main excellently repro
duced, make the Tribune's edition a notable piece of newspaper
production.
That bright little sheet, the Alameda Argus, is not behindhand
in enterprise. Its Christmas edition, well written and amply illus
trated, gives a good boost to the island city. From the college
town came the enlarged edition of the Berkeley Gazette, a credit
able publication compiled to emphasize the spirit of the holidays,
while at Niles the Washington Press and at Elmhurst the Review
emulated with success the example of their urban contemporaries
with colored supplements of ample proportions: so that Alameda
County obtained a series of Christmas compliments upon which her
people may well congratulate themselves.
The Marie Bashkirtseffs and the
Mary MeLenes are. fortunately, aa
rare as they are unhappy. Until a
young girl falls in lore with some par
ticular individual her heart is naturally
passionless, tbough it thrills in sympa
thy with the joys and sorrows of
the world about it, or flatters, birdlike,
with a consciousness of winged power.
ln a-1 of nature there is no other
sanctuary into which so few pecpie
•re fitted to enter as the Jnnocent heart
of a yojng girL It is a white place,
fair and pure. Within it reigns a rev
erence that is mingled faith and fear.
'Tia like a cloistered garden, warmed
with sunshine, but overhung with a
solemnity of soft shadows and a quiet
spirit of prayer.
Yet I doubt if there H any young
man who does not feel himself qualified
at least to lay flower* on the altar
there and to w-jrship. either as a publi
can or a Pharisee. So great is the ar
rogance of man—or. maybe, so wise is
his inspiration.
It must certainly be to such relative
conditions as these between maids and
men that Oliver Wendell Holmes re
fers when h*- declares that it is a terri
ble fact when a young girl, wjth the
blood and nerve fiber that belongs to
nature's women, is turned loose among
men. It is very terrible, he asserts.
There is nothing more so. "If jealousies
that gnaw men's hearts cut of their
bodies—if pangs that wtste men to
shadows and drtve them into madness
or moping me!ancho!> : :f assassination
and suicide are dreadful possibilities,
then there is always something fright
ful about a lovely young woman.'
But the secret of this dread fascina
tion, as he divines it, is a high, a noble
thing. It is not love, though love may
be a part of it. It is not necessarily
beauty, though beauty lends to it an
added charm. It is that strange mys
tery which one sees in certain women's
faces—some of them real and some of
them Ideal—which seem to give a hint
of the great secret"' which, were it
known, wouid explain the universe. So
direct and intimate a revelation does
it appear to be of infinite purity and
love.
Th«*re are. this philosopher admits,
hosts of women whose faces have no
secret to tell beyond that one encom
passed by the three words. T love
yon." They, he says humorously, are
like firecrackers on the morning of the
sth of July, and exactly as that small
patriotic implement is made with a
slender train that leads to the maga
zine that is within it. so a sharp eye
can nearly always discern the train
leading from a young girls eye or lip
to the "I love you" in her heart.
But the three words are not of them
selves the great secret, though, as I
said above, they may form part of It.
Perhaps— at any rat* 1 I like to think it
true—Helen Keller found the definition
at which Holmes tailed, by bis own
confession, when ahe put Into words
for us her own Idea of love.
PRESIDENT NEVER
GETS TIRED.
IT is aafe to cay that Mr. Roosevelt
is the busiest and the happiest man
in the country. He is as strong as
a horse and as eager for work a?
a youngster who has Just taken his
first jr>b and is earning bis first sal
ary. The President said to a friend
the other day that he never knew what
It mas to ret tired. He has learned to
economize hie time. He wastes much >
teas time than be aid three rears ago
In useless and pointless conversations
with chance callers out of courtesy- He .
is s*« cordial and frank as ever, but
he has been made to realize that his
time is valuable and that he must con-
Scree it In every possible way. He has
really oecome .juite an adept at "hand
ling people" with tact and skill, # and
now almost rivals Mr. McKlnley in
that respect.
President Roosevelt is the most ver
satile man we have had in the
White House in recent years. The wide
range of his knowledge is simply
amazing. There is hardly any field of
human erdeavor. whether it be po
litical, literary, mechanical, military,
seiertlfie. commercial, naval or his
torical. th*t he is not fully conversant
with. He knows the old things and the
re* things. He is up to date. Prob
ably he is :be best informed man in the
United State* concerning the detaiis
of the Russo-Japanese war. He has
followed e%ery move of the conflict
with keenest interest. Every day the
military information bureau of the
War Department and the naval intel-
bureau place sheets on his desk
and upon them are indicated by colored
pins the present location of all the
troops and ships of the combatants.
The President follows every movement
of the war with understanding and
eagerness.
A Story illustrative of the President's
\»rsati:iiy. especially of the wide range
of his little fads, is told by a gentle
man nbo was a guest at dinner at the
White House. The President s guest
of honor vas .Sir Martin OMmf of
England, the well-known mountain
-limber and traveler. Sir Martin was
delighted to disc-over that Mr. Roose
velt knew almost as much about moun
ta'n climbing as he did. Then the con
versation took another turn, and for an
hour the jthei guests were virtually
left to themsel\es while the Pr*«ident
and the Englishman engaged in a most
animated and prolonged conversation.
It eventually turned out that Sir
Martin, in addition to being a moun
tain clfmb»r. is an inveterate oriental
ist and is veil up as to the ancient
dynasties of the kingdoms which cen
tered about the head of the Mediter
ranean. The President has always had
* fondness for that sort ot study, too.
and was deiighted to find a man who
cculd talk with him as a brother. For
one mortal hour Mr. Roosevelt and
his gvest had been discussing the rai!
;t*>ry methods of the Assyrian Kings.—
Walter Wellman in Chicago Record-
Herald.
broacThint.
The barber < lathering customer and
gazing out of window) —I fell you. sir,
the man who shaves himself keeps the
bread and butter out of some poor bar
ber's mouth.
The customer (fiercely)— And inci
dentally the lather out of his own —
Puck.
A TOAST.
Here's to the lying lips we meet.
For truthful lips are bores;
But lying Hps are very sweet
When lying close to yours!
—Smart Set.
THE WHISKERARIUM.
If you want your soup strainers
pruned we will block them out in any
pattern—lip ticklers, fantaile. billy
goats or preacherinos.
Hair cuts of all kinds, from woolly
willies to ring-around roseys.
Wash your ears without extra charge.
JAGER'S WHISKERARH M.
Telephone Building.
—Eddyville (Iowa) Tribune.
ANSWERSJO QUERIES.
PROSPECTING—D.. City. Prospect
ing is allowed on forest reservations of
th United States, but not in national
parks.
PROBLEMS—J. O. C Monterey.
Cal. The question asked is in the na
ture of a problem, a class of questions
that this department does not answer.
DESERTION—S.. City. This depart
ment is informed that if a man desert
ed from the United States navy many
years ago. re-enlisted, served twelve
years faithfully and had a good war
record for gallantry, etc.. it is very
doubtful if he would be brought before
a court-martial for that desertion.
LEAD PENCIL WRITING —J. H.
S.. City. Upon the subject of signing
a document a standard law book says:
"When a statute or usage requires a
writing" it must be on paper or parch
ment, but it is not essential that it be
in ink. It may be in pencil. This rule
applies to promissory' notes, book ac
counts, a will or a signature thereto."
There is a decision in Colorado up
holding the idea that a pencil signa
ture is valid.
UNITED STATES COINS—W. C. F..
CHy. The United States mints coined
one dollar pieces from 1849 until 1889
without skipping a year. Tbrae-cent
silver pieces were coined every year
from 1851 to 1-73 inclusive, when on the
Ist of April the coinage was discon
tinued. Copper half cents were issued
by the mints from U>3 to 1797; 1800.
1802 to 1811; 1825. 1826. 1828. 1829, IS3I to
1835 inclusive. 1836, proofs only, 1840 to
1857. In this series proofs only were
issued in 1852.
The Languages of India.
* Among the 145 distinct languages
spoken in British India are some pos
sessing only a few hundred words,
others rivaling English, as Dr. Grier
son says, or Russian, as I would say,
in their copiousness; some in which
every word is a monosyllable, others
in which some are elongated by ag
glutination till they run to ten syl
lables, like da-pa-i-ocho-akan-taken
tae-tin-a-e —a Soutall word meaning:
"He who belongs to him who belongs
to me will continue letting himself be
made to fight." Some of these divers
tongues lack verb and noun, others
are as complex and systematic as
Greek and Latin. —Nineteenth Cen
tury.
THE SHERIFF'S POSSE
BY FRflflK H. SVEET.
SELS5 ELS PESSNER moved haltingly
along the face or the cliff,
crouching almost to the rock to
obtain the slight concealment
afforded by a few stunted
bushes, untii he arrived at a sharp
bend, where he rose cautiously to his
feet and gave a quick glance down into
the valley and back over the way he
had come.
It was a wild, rocky way. ending in
this long climb up the face of the
mountain: but his stance flashed over
it In a swift, comprehensive scrutiny.
All was desolation, solitude, save at the
base of the very slope up which he was
struggling, where a compact group of
men were following his trail, as surely
and unrelentingly as bloodhounds.
Even as his glance flashed down at
them there came the returning flash o.
sunlight on a leveled rifle barrel into
his ryes. and he ducked and supped
around the bend. As he did so a bul
let flattened against the rock behind
where his head had been.
Steve Finter." he thought grim.y.
"No other man can shoot like that. He
must have seen my head up. If only I
can get up to mv cabin I won't mind.
I can pick off Steve from there, and
maybe some of the others before they
close In. I—l hope Luisita ain't to
home."
Weil up on the face of the opposite
mountain was Seis Pessner*s cabin.
Here he and Steve Finter had worked
together, in seeming harmony, until one
"That is only one!" called the
girl coldly.
day Steve had slipped down to the
mining toy.a below and accused his
partner of having robbed and attempt
ed to murder him. and of being a horse
thief, and contemplating other bold
robberies in the neighborhood. He had
so ingratiated himself with the Sheriff
as to be scorn in as a deputy to aid in
the capture.
The first intimation Sels had had of
the accusation was seeing the Sheriff's
posse approach the cabin, and almost
at the same moment he received a bul
let in his shoulder. Other bullets had
followed, but in some way he had es
caped. He had eluded his pursuers and
hurried to the mining town, slipping in
at night and conferring with some of
his friends. The next day these men
had done a little quiet investigating for
him. while he remained in one of their
homes. That night, in spite of their
warnings and expostulations, he bad
started back, his face stem and his
eyes full of angry determination. But
when he saw the posse and threw up
his hands in token of surrender, with a
pap«* held conspicuously in one hand,
a bullet frc-m Steve's rifle found lodg
ment in his ankle, almost bringing him
to the ground.
After that he skulked and dodged
and climbed for hours, using a piece of
broken limb in place of the ankle that
was almost useless, suffering agony
at every step, and with only the hope
of reaching his cabin and making the
last stand as retaliatory as possible.
Now, as be crossed into the small val
ley he tried to keep within the screen
of foliage as much as he could. Luisita
lived in the cabin nearest with her
*~rr— HE clocks were on the stroke of twelve.
The night was bitter cold.
g I saw upon the avenue
A figure gray and old;
An ancient man with silver hair.
Who carried on his back.
Bent double witb the weight of age.
A lean and empty pack.
But even as he passed away
Across the froxen snow.
A youth came striding into view.
His smooth young cheeks aglow.
His shoulders bore a bulging sack.
And music-box as well.
I bailed bin ss he harried by—
Pray tell me what you sell T*
He smiled and sent the answer back
Along the snowy street —
•Blue violets and daffodils.
And apple-blossoms sweet.
And all the songs of happy birds
That ever charmed the ear.
And perfumes from a thousand fields—
I am the glad New Year."
—Minna Irving, in Leslies Weekly.
A Clever Beggar. This. I
A good story is being told of the
manner in which a beggar got on the
soft side of old King Christian of Den
mark. It is the custom of the King
to give small coins to beggars and old !
women he meets on the street. Re
cently he met a young beggar and
gave him the customary copper, but
the youth handed it back and said
that he would rather have* a picture of
the King. Christian said that he did
not carry pictures about with him in
his pocket. The beggar said that he
doubtless had one in his purse, though.
He got it—on a gold piece.
lives in a House of Steel.
Cipriano Castro, the President of
Venezuela, lives in a house built en
tirely of steel. The outside is covered
with a kind of soft stone and the inside
with lath and plaster, so that the vis
itor sees nothing unusual
Mexican father. She ma*i fc*g»
grieve, of course, but he would *P*r«
ncr as loos as pcasibse.
However, as ne was pushing hi* «w
through the undergrowth nearly
siie tne cabin he unt upon b« sud
denly, carrying her rifl*. At sagbt 01
him her face flushed, then paled.
Senor beis. she cried- "On. wny
are you here.' They are down in tne
voltey. i saw them not an hour ag-j
from the dift. They will kill you.
Hurry: Hurry: **ou should not nave
tried to see me now.** _
-1 did not, - striving to keep his voic*
steady. "I tried to avo*d you. Laiuua-
I wanted to spare you all l coold- But
this is the omy way to my caDin.
and—"
• Jfou are hun," sharply.
Just a trifle. But lieten. IAMmtM.
Whatever the charge* ipinU me, 1
know that you oe.ieve me toaocew-
But yesterday I waa in the town and
obtained proof positive of Stevee guilt
—enough to hang him. Only 1 cannot
get word with tne sheriff- 1 hare given
up thought of it now. They are hot
on my trail, and wiil be here in twenty
minutes. All I can do la to try to reaca
my cab>n."
• That will not «aye you." «h« «xpoa
tdßtai.
No, ' grimly. I know it win not.
But it will help me to even up the
score a little."
The girl threw out her hands im
periously.
"It shall not b* that way." she cried,
her eyes tL*ahlng. "You shall be saved
and Senor Steve punished. And yet I
do not understand. Why should he —"
"For plenty of reasons, Loisita. You
promised to marry me after refusing
nim; and then, only two hours befois
he left, we found a vein of silver—how
rich I do not dare to say; but it made
Steve try to kill me. and. failing, to run
away, rie came back with the Sheriff
arri txia posse. What story he told 1
can oniy gue.-s; but where are you
going. L.uisita ? '
"To the bend 'round the cliff." over
her shoulder. it is the only way into
the valley, acu I shall hold the men
until you can get away. Do not go to
your cabin, but etraignt on over th*
mountain. Hurry: The men will uot
harm me. When you get to the wilder
ravines, hide. I a ill see that the truth
is known."
Wuh a about of remonstrance be hob
bled in pursuit. But Luis.ta did nt
even hear. She was already rod* awa>.
plunging through the busnes with the
one thought of oeir.g at the bend in ad
vance of the Sheriffs posse.
They were edging cautiousiy across a
narrow shelf oniy a few rods below
when she reached the desired point and
threw her nhe in position. It waa too
good a chance to be lost.
"Hands up! ' she orae-red sternly.
Ten pairs of eyes flashed at her in
consternation as the same number of
hands rose into the air; but as they
saw the lace beyond the rifle barrel; the
hands went down with simultaneous
rettef. They had thought it Sels. Some
Of the men began to laugh.
' I said Hands up:' cuisita repeat
ed slowly. 1 am not making words,
and most of y. a know how I can shoot
Senor Selr> is escaping from you now.
and i shall keep you here until he is
sale. Stop." as a rifle barrel rose a
little, "or I snail fire. You may kill
me. but I can send half of you from
that ledge before you do it—and I wilL
Now, up! Quick!"
All the hands rose except Steve's.
With a bitter curse he threw his rifle
into quick position, but before he could
fire it slipped from his nerveless fingers
and he sank upon the shelf, only saving
himself from failing over the precipice
by a desperate effort.
"That is only one." called the girl
coldly.
out look here. Luisita," expostulated
the Sheriff angrily, "you can't thwart
the law like this!"
"You are not upholding the law."
contemptuously. "You are merely help
ing a criminal. If Senor Sela were
here—"
He is here." said a quiet voice at
her side, and another rifle barrel joined
hers in menacing the whitening faces
on the ledge below. "Now, Sheriff.'*
the voice suddenly ringing out clear
and stern, "you will take your men and
hurry back to town. And I would ad
vise you to take Steve Finter along.
The truth is known there now. as you
will find, and it may be that you and
your men will have to explain a few
things. Hereafter when yon seek a
ma a. hear his story aa well as his ac
cuser's I have proof of my innocence
and Steve's guilt You and your men
will turn and retrace your steps, taking
Steve along. You will find proof of
everything I say in town. Now go!"
They stood side by side, watching the
posse down the mountain. Then Se s
lowered his rifle.
"I—l think you'll have to help ma t,»
the cabin, dear." he amid weakly. "I ru
a—a little used up.'—(Copyright. i> i
by Frank H. Sweet.)
1 9 O g
Per Capita Production.
If the 1904 crops were equally divided,
every man, woman and child in the
United States would receive, according
to the Indianapolis News, 1 barrel of
flour. 300 eggs, 140 quarts of milk, more
than half of which goes into butter; 1
bushel of apples and bushels of
other fruits and berries, 3 bushels of
potatoes and 2 bushels of carrots, beets,
parsnips and turnips; 11 head of catH
bages and half as much lettuce, cu
cumbers and cauliflower; » bushels of
corn, usually in the shape of beef, pork
and poultry, besides 70 pounds of cot
ton, 6 pounds of wool for clothes &sd
enough leather for two pairs of shoes.
Towns*n<rs California Glace fruits in
artistic flre-etched boxes. 715 Market at.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main I*4l, a^The Iron King Looks for Union of Europe Under a Centralized Government, the Accession of Canada
and Victory for Russia in the Orient.
ANDREW CARNEGIE.
PROPHESYING an eventual
victory for Russian arms in
the mighty duel between the
• Czar and Mikado, and confi
• . dently . predicting an ap
proaching period when the
whole, of Europe would be amalgamat
ed into one centralized government,
founded upon the same basic principle
as.the United States, Andrew Carnegie
.-sounded the keynote of a remarkable
interview recently in New York -with a
"representative of the Public Ledger of
Philadelphia, in which he explained
nnd "championed The Hague Peace
Tribunal as the greatest and most en
during monument of modern civiliza
tion. , ~
Never has the eminent philanthropist
hk6 patron of. the Peace Congress ex-,
pressed himself more clearly and com
prehensively concerning: a supreme am
bition* Of his. life —to see his dream of
international • arbitration come true—
•han in thus throwing the light, of his
starching and vigorous intellect upon
THE REV. p. W,-FISCHER
HUMAN nature has strange
combinations. This life
•carries with it peculiar rev
elations and mankind is
oftentimes surrounded with
peculiar envlronmenta To
3WHAT BECAME OF MRS. CHADWICK'S MONEY? .*
"■r W * T HAT did she do with
\ ./ -it?- is one'of the now
•\ /\ / remaining -mysteries in
• ; ' the Chadwick case, and
* .* ▼ "this hi not altogether
without .an ' explanation, though to
pass* it over with • the statement
that*her extravagance accounts for the
apparent disappearance of the hun
•'<*: yds of thousands Mrs. Chadwick has
'•borrowed by no means covers the
jground.
.. It is true that Mrs. Chadwick has
for several years been spending: money
h* if her supply of it Was unlimited,
.tut even the purchase of eighteen
Tianos, the taking of a dozen friends
to New York ln a special car to see
'"Parsifal" and similarly large ex
penditures could have made compara
'iirjsly small inroads on the income she
.was receiving.
In' the opinion "of those who are
~ii!o«>t.c'onversant with the woman's af
ir iirs a. large part of the money she
i:as received has gone to others than
.•herself, fn other words, they believe
that she' has had accomplices, who
ANDREW CARNEGIE AS A PROPHET
many vital and far-reaching questions
of the hour.
Since returning from abroad other
interests with him have been subordi
nated to studying the Peace Congress
idea in its many opposing phases. It
was from a mind thoroughly saturated
with the subject that the great iron
master and donor of libraries delivered
his remarkable prophecy as to the fu
ture amalgamation of the powers of
Europe.
In retiring from active business life—
the chase and race for the golden ignis
fatuus —the abdicated iron king has not
failed to continue his methodical habits
of former years. His time to-day is
indeed more carefully apportioned than
it ever was—a fact that at once im
presses the visitor on entering the spa
cious residence at Ninety-first street
and Fifth avenue.
Gray with years and yet possessed of
a compact, sinewy physique which has
withstood both time and toil, the An
drew Carnegie of to-day is the incarna
tion of quiet force and nervous, hlgh
tensioned energy. Having seen him
many times at a distance, the contrast
as afforded by a closer and more pro
tracted meeting was startling to a de
gree. Hardly another man of emi
nence has succeeded so well In preserv
ing Intact his younger ideals and en
thusiasms in the strenuous race for
riches a3 this father of the most stup
endous industry on record. His capa
city for hearty feeling and expression
is one of the most pronounced charac
teristics of his ripening age. Praising
unstintedly that which merits praise
and on occasion withering with irony
an unworthy action or idea, the dual
personality of the interviewed was sev
eral times brought out with startling
effect as he resumed his chair, and,
facing w hat he considers the foremost
problem with which modern statesmen
must grapple, began discussing the In
ternational Peace Congress.
That Andrew Carnegie, with all his
knowledge and experience of the lime
light, is of . a thin skin and winces un
der criticism was early apparent as he
hastened to mention Sir James Kitson,
the distinguished ironmaster, as hav
ing declared in the Times that war was
the only sure cure for war, and that
he was inclined to believe The Hague
tribunal idea slightly impracticable.
Between Andrew Carnegie and Sir
BANISH WORRY, THE USURPER
By the REV. FREDERICK W. FISCHER, Fastor Emanuel Evangelical Church.
have everything and every experience
that enter into one's history properly
adjusted and harmonized so that the
greatest good will result therefrom is
no easy task. Looking back upon our
past life we notice that worry often
times makes havoc of our life plans
and our best intentions, purposes and
labors. Worry acts upon one who in
dulges in it as rust upon a knife
blade; it will sap at our ambition, at
our noblest resolution, at our purest
motives, at the most unselfish deeds
and will throw a gloom over the
otherwise most beautiful liic.
What use is there in fretting, any
way? Has it ever helped you to bet
ter living, to accomplish more and to
enhance your usefulness, dear reader?
No single instance in your whole life
ran you bring forward. Why not dis
miss the usurper? Serve notice on
him to quit his visits to you. Give him
no quarter, no standing room, no
chance to bother you and interrupt
you in your life's calling and watch
the beneficent results. It will lift you
have shared -with her the proceeds of
the loans she was able to make by
the use of the name of Andrew Car
negie. It Is well known that thou
sands of dollars have been paid by her
in the form of bonuses to bankers and
lawyers who have assisted her to carry
on her-plan of campaign, and she has
given her own word for the fact that
other thousands have been paid in
the form of blackmail.
Another thing: to be taken largely
into account In trying to measure the
amount of money she has received
and to account for where it has gone
Is the fact that she has in the past re
paid loans of large amounts. Several
instances are matters of record where
she repaid as high as 185,000 and
amounts almost as large, which will
probably aggregate several hundreds
of thousands of dollars.
To make her system possible, In
fact, it was necessary for her to do
this in order to establish her credit.
Where she had in one case bor
rowed a large amount of • money, for
instance, part of it undoubtedly went
to repay a smaller loan previously
negotiated, leaving her only the re*
mainder for her own use. Another
loan might have followed this sad
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1. 1905.
James Kitson there is an unbridge
able difference of opinion in many
matters of international import.
"Sir James Kitson as a member of
Parliament and a leader of industrial
England is not to be considered lightly
when he expresses his opinion." began
Mr. Carnegie. He was smiling. His
voice, of low register, was as velvety
as the paw of a purring cat. Suddenly
the shadow of a claw was reflected in
his words. He continued:
"We who work in anc\ for peace are
sorry that our pugilistic friend, Sir
James, has such doubts as to the effi
cacy of The Hague tribunal. But there
is some consolation in the fact that his
opinion is not shared by some of his
distinguished countrymen."
Pausing long e.iugh to touch a bell
on his desk the speaker soon had ir. his
hand a current magazine, in which Sir
Robert Finlay, member of Parliament
and Attorney General for Great Brit
ln, discussed the subject at hand.
"For instance." continued Mr. Carne
gie, as he rapidly searched the pages,
"this somewhat remarkable article by
the British Attorney General has just
come to my notice to-day. Contrary to
Sir James, the learned parliamentarian
here gives his unqualified indorsement
to international arbitration as the saf
est, sanest and most desirable remedy
for war.
"Since Sir James rendered his ver
dict in the case of peace versus war,
international arbitration has again
been resorted to as a means of settling
the difficulty arising out of the attack
of the Russian Baltic fleet upon the
English trawling vessels. We have
visible evidence of the greatest mari
time power in the world and the great
est landed empire on earth having re
course to our useless and superfluous
organization at The Hague.
"Certain critics of the Peace Con
gress have defined a nation as an indi
vidual many times multiplied. On the
surface this is so," admitted Mr. Car
negie. "Underneath let us hope that
it is false. Why? The time is not so
long past since every able-bodied man
went armed, just as did every tribe. It
is not so very long since war—fighting
—was the ordinary occupation of
tribes and men. Indeed, even con
temporary history tells us of instances
where warfare is or was the only oc
cupation worthy of gentlemen. Only
into a purer and more enjtoyable at
mosphere. Your lmagina%on will
work in different and more useful and
more legitimate channels; it will be
v mental, moral and a life tonic. Try
it; do so at once. Green-goggled peo
ple are very unhappy people. They
are an abnormal specimen of human
ity. Why fret and worry over what
others think or say of you as long as
it is not true and does not affect your
character, which, of course, should be
unimpeachable and jealously guard
ed? We all have to give an account
of our life. Be sure that you are in
the right place, then go ahead; do
right, live right, swerve neither to the
right nor left, no matter what others
may say or think of you. Your purest
motives may be misconstrued, your
best endeavors misinterpreted and
your honest life decried, but what of
that? Were not the best of men that
ever lived treated in like manner?
Did not the greatest reformers fare
likewise? Is it not the experience of
all men in the path of right?
Some men are born into this life
cross-grained, and their judgment, as '
probably did in many instances, where
her purpose was to obtain the money
to repay the money Just borrowed.
But all the time the amount of her
loans was mounting higher and higher
until finally she became so deeply in
volved that her resources were no
longer able to tide her over the diffi
culties which have landed her in a
prison cell.
By one who has as good reason for
making a correct estimate of the ex
tent of the woman's transactions as
anybody else except Mrs. Chadwick
herself and two or three of those who
for obvious reasons would have noth
ing to say on the subject, it Ib be
lieved that about three millions is the
amount she has been able to borrow
during the last few years. She has
actually repaid two-thirds of this
amount, leaving about one million or
less to be accounted for by her per
sonal expenditures and in other direc
tions and still owed by her.
That she has no money left, how
ever, Is by no means likely. She could
not retain the lawyers who have been
devoting so much time to her affairs
lately unless she were able to pay
them well, and when there has even
lately arisen an occasion where it was
women were champions of peace.
"But within recent years war has
ben steadily discountenanced. For
merly even the good St. Francis of
Assisi was one of those who went
forth to war the men of
Perugia. Up to the time of Napoleon
there were 132 individual nations,
each capable of declaring and prose
cuting a war. Napoleon consolidated
131 of them.
"And how Is it to-day?" Mr. Car
negie removed his foot from the desk
panel, forsaking his lounging position,
as, planting both feet firmly on the
floor and bending forward with the
PHILANTHROPIST PREDICTS
• EUROPEAN CONSOLIDATION
"TTO-DAY in Europe there are practically
{ but two centers of government capable
of declaring war—the dual and triple
alliances.
'it is my earnest prediction .and belief
that the day will come when all Europe will
be united under one strongly centralized gov
ernment, just as the American Union exists
now, as an example for the world to follow
and heed. The dual and triple alliance is a
pronounced —an initial —step in that direction."
index finge» of one hand in the parni
of the other, he answered himself:
"To-day, in Europe, there are prac
tically but two centers of government
cripable of declaring war—the dual
and triple alliances.
"It is my earnest prediction and be
lief that the day will come when all
Uurope will be united under one
strongly centralized government, just
as the American Union exists now, as
an example for the world to follow
and heed. The dual and triple alli
ance is a pronounced —an initial —step
in that direction."
"By hoping for the amalgamation of
it matures, will be likewise. They are
always judging (misjudging) others.
Their cross-grained eyes cannot see
straight. Let them have their way;
it is perhaps their highest enjoyment
and achievement to indulge in it. They
are only true to their constitutional
make-up and environments. Of course,
with such it is impossible to live at
peace unless you let them have their
own way and never cross their path.
They remind me of little rat-terrier
dogs, who will run after passers-by
and nag them. Nagging at some one
or something is their delight. So let
them have their cross-grainedness and
don't fret about it, for you didn't bring
them into this world and you are not
responsible for what they say and do.
Tulmage once said: "Blue Monday
will breed other blue Mondays.'*
Worry is very prolific of ev'ls. It
is worry that kills prematurely multi
tudes of mankind. Worry is irksome
and compels to excessive bodily exer
tions and mental labor, which often
lead to insanity and self-destruction.
Worry begets selfishness, greed and
' contentions. Worry impels to intern
absolutely necessary to provide funds
for current expenses they have been
forthcoming.
When she paid the driver of the
carriage which took her from the
Hotel BreaJJn, in New York, to the
postofnce building on the morning
after her arrest, for instance, she pro
duced a roll of bills which must have
meant the possession of several hun
dred dollars at least, unless all the
bills were of very small denomina
tions. She had plenty of money to
pay for meals sent to her while in
the Tombs and in the Cleveland Jail.
Her son, Emil, has apparently not
been cramped for money to pay for
his trips between New York and
Cleveland.
The retaining of one of the leadln"
criminal lawyers of Ohio to defend
her and the associating with him of
two other attorneys of prc.ninence Is
still better evidence that she is far
from poverty stricken.
At the same time none of the men
who are devoting their best efforts
toward locating whatever she may
have are able to get a reply which is
at all satisfactory to the question they
are so anxious to have answered.
Neither of the receivers who have
the European p< wers do you mean
that the same idea aa exemplified by
commercial and Industrial combina
tions is to be carried into govern
ment ?"
"Perhaps the industrial work is sow
ing and growing the seed," he replied.
"But whether one is to be the essen
tial outgrowth of the other is yet to
be proved."
"Do you consider then that the
unification principle is the most vital
message of the present age, Mr. Car
negie?"
"I consider —I firmly believe," was
the emphatic answer, "that by the year
3000, and probably long before, the
nineteenth century, tremendous as its
record of achievement and advance
ment has been, will be most distin
guished and applauded as having given
the world for the first time a perma
nent tribunal as a means of settling
international disputes. That is to be
our greatest gift to mankind —a gift
for which posterity will render praise."
"When. In your opinion, will war
cease to be a peril?"
"Again It would be hazardous to ven
ture a prediction," he replied. "But
this war between Russia and Japan is
opening the eyes of the world to the
perance, drunkenness and gambling.
Worry frequently leads on to dishon
est ways and means to secure a live
lihood. It often interferes with other
men's personal rights and liberties.
Worry now and then causes men to
abandon home and domestic duties and !
leave those dependent on them by the
tie of nature to the mercilessness of a
cold, unsympathetic world.
Worry began with our first parents
in Eden and to-day no class of people
escapes the disposition to worry. The
rich man is afraid for his life. At
night he dreams of the bloodythirsty
hand of anarchism. The rulers and
offlt ers of the land are not exempt. The
hand of the assassin is suspended. The
learned worry because the world does
not recognise and appreciate their
superior ability and services to the ex
tent they anticipated. The poverty
stricken worry because they do not
possess as much of this world aa they
think they should have for their own
comfort. The illiterafi who desire to
do good worry because of their ignor
ance or inability to fill positions in life
where their influence and activity
1 might be felt, recognized and appre-
been named by creditors apparently
has the slightest information as to
what has become of the trunks she
took with her to New York and which
were last heard of at the Holland
House. A deputy sheriff who served
an attachment on the hotel manage
ment and on the woman herself never
was able to obtain any satisfaction as
to their whereabouts.
Where Mrs. Chadwlck's jewels are is
another question that has not yet been
answered. They are supposed to be in
Cleveland, but there is little more rea
son for thinking that they are here
than in a safety deposit in New York
or some other city. In fact nobody ex
cept Mrs. Chadwick and some trusted
friends of hers knows anything about
them.
"I have no jewels; the talk about
them is nonsense," the woman says.
But there are many persons who do
not believe her. Others, on the con
trary, are inclined to think that she
may be telling; the truth and that the
necklaces and valuable pins and
brooches she is known to have bought
have been hypothecated as security for
loans. Henry Worts of Elyrla has |85,
-000 worth of them as security for a loan
ex $36 t OOO, and other men have jewelry
need and possibilities of arbitration.
Every month we see new treaties signed
between nations. They are the tributes
that war pays to peace—vice to virtue.
If our belligerent friends across the wa
ter do not raise an insurmountable bar
rier we hope within a very short time
to exchange treaty courtesies with
England."
Continuing, Mr. Carnegie declared
that the next best step to insure inter
national peace was to extend the triple
and dual alliance idea.
"This," he pursued, "may be made
possible by some great captain of
peace. I will not say much as lam
gratified by his present reported atti
tude in the premises, that President
Roosevelt will be Instrumental in for
warding the Issue by which swords
will no longer be drawn by nation
against nation. But when the hour Is
ripe the man will surely appear."
"In view of this expressed attftude
in fostering The Hague Congress, were
you not surprised that the Czar did not
propose arbitration with Japan before
engaging war?*" was suggested.
Arising: to his feet and pacing- several
times across the room. It was nearly a
minute before he answered:
"While there Is life there Is hope.
The Manchurlan campaign Is not end
ed yet. This war has cast a profound
shadow upon all loving people.
We In this coun' ff are over-Inclined
to criticize the Russians. Do we for
get that Japan attacked Port Arthur
before war was declared? Do let us
be just to Russia"
"Do you expect Russia to be victori
ous in the end?"
"Yes," emphatically, "I believe Rus
sia has right on her side, having been
attacked before she had an opportuni
ty to arbitrate. I believe that Japan
will be driven back to her island
home."
"It has been said by an authority on
the situation, Mr. Carnegie, that in
case Japan wins she will move next
toward the Philippines as an outlet for
for her surplus population. Have you
considered such a possibility?"
Sharply and with keen Incision the
millionaire philanthropist replied by
agreeing with Secretary Root, in his
speech nominating Roosevelt, that the
United States should help the Philip
pines to establish a stable, independent
government, and should not stir an
| dated. The farmer worries on account
of a shortage in his crops. The busl
| ness man v. orries because his sales are
not aufficient to rapidly accumulate
wealth. The day laborer worries about
j how he shall make provision for his
j family in the anticipation of his death.
The lawyer worries over his client's
complicated case, which, if he can clear
him, wins for him a fat slice of his
client's gold. And even the preacher,
whom the public rightly expects to
worry less than any other class of his
fellow beings, in spite of himself and
his profession, worries on account of
the superabundance of dead and use
less material in the church and of the
little success in spite of his best ef
forts in building up the work.
Thomas Beecher, some years ago, in
a lecture related concerning his
brother, the great Henry Ward
Beecher: "I went to hear my brother
preach one Sabbath morning, and
Henry invited me to dine with him.
As we were walking leisurely toward
his home, I said to him, 'Henry, there
was not very much thought in your
sermon this morning." He playfully
replied, 'That is the reason I screamed
of lesser value on which she borrowed
money from them.
But even though Mrs. Chadwick prob
ably had to divide much of the money
she obtained, and though a consider
able part of her loans is represented by
bonuses, some paid and others which
she still owes, she must have spent at
least several hundred thousand dollars
during the last few years while she has
been astonishing those who knew her
personally or by reputation because of
her reckless extravagance. Whatever
she has seen that she liked she seems
to have bought.
Though she has two Panhard auto
mobiles, her livery bills have run into
thousands. Wherever she has done
business she has tipped liberally every
body with whom she has come in con
tact, and it was indeed a fortunate
clerk to whom she took a fancy. In
each store where she made purchases
there was some single man or woman
whom she insisted on having wait on
her, and her tips in that direction,
while representing only an infinitesimal
part of her expenditures, were consid
erable ln themselves.
In the furnishings of her home, in
Cleveland, she rpen. probably $200,000,
but from this amount, In making an %*
Inch from the islands until such a gov
ernment is established.
Before dismissing the Philippine
question the speaker launched a broad
side at Judge Taft, aa regarded his
advice concerning the best course to
pursue with the Philippines, by say
ing: "The ostrich at least hides hia
head in the sand, but Judge Taft does
not even have the courtesy to do that.
Our duty is to say squarely what ws
will do and to become the founder— tha
mother—of the first republio in tha
Orient."
"You consider the Philippine prob
lem aa one of the most vital issues of
the campaign, then?"
"Most emphatically! We must stay
on the islands only long enough to set
the Filipino feet in the right path. Oth
erwise we are bound to run amuck.
Having a pretty clear knowledge of
European opinion, It is my candid be
lief that we would be deplorably unjust
to pursue any other course."
"Then yon are opposed to expan
sion?"
"No, air. Far from It. f belters tha*
every island within hailing distance of
American shores should fly the Stars
and Stripes and look to Washington as
Its source of government and protection.
I hold that it will be Just as unnatural
for even Canada and the United States
to remain divided as It would have
been for Scotland and England to re
main apart, in so far as British wel
fare Is concerned."
"When do you think the time will
come for a Canadian accession?"
"We are getting closer together
every day," earnestly. "Every time an
American crosses the border and es
tablishes a home in the Canadian
Northwest, and every time a Canadian
casts his fortunes among us, a link is
added* in the chain which sooner or
later is sure to bind the two countries
in one. I myself would be delighted to
see all tariff barriers broken down be
tween Canada and the United States.
We over here must and, in my opinion,
will all be one, Just as the nations of
Europe will eventually be nractically
one. What will be the advantage?
Simply this: It will guarantee the
peace of the North American continent
and the peace of this hemisphere is to
us worth more than all the millions of
dollars revenue that we might gain by
tariff and trading."
so. But, Thomas, I have Just as good
a right to preach a poor sermon as
any other man In this world.' "
So let us do our best and not worry
over the results. Worry disqualifies
us to do our best In life's calling. It
will enwrap us in gloom, a mental mist
gathers and threatening storm clouds
begin to form in the horizon of ths
mind. Our Intellectual powers are in a
sense paralysed, we are not at our best
and cannot under those circumstances
do our best. Then this worry will be
come contagious. Others will be in
fected by it. Be around a gloomy and
despondent person awhile and yon will
become melancholy, too. To worry is
wrong to yourself and toward yoor fel
low men. It is unbecoming the dignity
of human nature, calling and destiny.
Some one may ask "What is the rem
edy, how may I get rid of worry V
Answer: Think less of yourself, less
of what others may think of you, less
of your own little, often Imaginary
troubles. Have confidence in your
ability, trust in God with all your
heart, lead an honest and a pure life
and go ahead in the path of duty until
you are called up higher.
timate of her expenditures, must be de
ducted the money she borrowed by giv
ing a mortgage on these personal be
longings, thus giving her back a part of
the money that found its way from her
in this direction.
The same thing is true of many of
her purchases of diamonds and other
precious stones. While she has been
known to buy diamonds by the dozens
and valuable pins by the tray, she was
very likely to hypothecate them, and
thus get back part of the purchase
money, after she had an opportunity
to dazzle her acquaintances by the
magnificence of her adornments or had
added this seemingly convincing argu
ment to her words to induce bankers to
loan her money on the strength of her
supposedly great wealth.
"What did she do with it?" may
never be answered in detail. It cer
tainly will remain mysterious to a
considerable extent until she is brought
to trial, when the replies to this ques
tion will be one of the most interesting
parts of the testimony. Even then the
answer will probably leave a vagueness
which only those who have profited by
their dealings with her could clear up,
and they will forever do their utmost to
leave the whole matter te •Raculetlen.
2324
WILL COMPETE WITH SOUTHERN PACIFIC
FOR THE SACRAMENTO RIVER FRUIT TRADE
Santa Fe Lets Contract for
an Eighteen Knot, Three
Decked Steamer.
WILL BE BUILT HERE
To Be Finest an(J Swiftest
of Kind Ever on Local
Waters.
MANY LINERS DEPART
•. The Santa Fe Company is preparing
'to giv* the Southern Pacific a lively
run for the fruit transportation busi
ness-of jh'e Sacramentb River and
much benefit to the fruit growers is as
auT.e.4 from the coming competition. As
a starte»\'the Santa.Fe. has contracted
for the construction .of a swift, three
decked river steamer which promises
•torbe the 'finest vessel of Its kind 'ever
seen oh the "Sacramento River;
•" The 3 hew Boat'will .be 176 feet long, 48
'feet Jn beam and 12 feet deep. She will
. "be an-oil burner, equipped with power
ful engines and -is expected to make a
■•speed of eighteen knots an hour.
•.'« :.m'ioi table aecommGdations for pas
*«e<Dgera .will be provided and the new
°boat. will be equfpped with every con
venience for the handling and stowing!
of freight rapidly and on a large scale. \
' - The - contract for the construction of
the-hull has been awarded to Charles !
T. Foster, 14 toward street, who has ,
.liased space for the ways at the Po- '
tr&rf) from the Risdon Iron Works. C. 1
\H. Evans & Co. will build and install
.-the engines, which will be high pres
sure with cylinders twenty inches in
diameter and eighty-four inches in
strf>fte. The vessel, which will be a
ster-fi wheeler, will cost about $32,000.
The work of construction will be start
ed at <?nce and the now tiiree-decked
eightecii-knutter will be ready to race
for > a > big share of the work of carry
ing the next fruit crop to market
Oceanic Liners Depart.
; The Oceanic Steamship Company's
.tjvin liner? Mariposa. Captain Lawless,
and Alameda, Captain Dew dell, sailed
in "company vesierday morning from
Che Pacific street wharf. They steamed
/leu n the bay together and side by side
juifs. ( J fitit of the harbor. Outside the
.heads-each blew the other three kisses
then settled down to business, :
lOC Alameda turning her nose Honulu- !
> hi-ward and the Mariposa taking the'
.eh.-rtest road to Tahiti.
: Pl* passengers who sailed on the 1
Mariposa Were; . Div G. A.-Buckley F
X ( fo«per. C. A. F. Ducorron. A.*!
Duplesselle.:.C. V. Freeland. Mrs. C X
*u!t.Qn, A..Garvie, Mrs, Louise Getchell,
J. -A. Graham,. Homer. Laughlin Jr.. I
Mre. Laughlin. -G. W. Lowrey. A. M >
}. owo H K. Malm. E. P. Murphy, Mrs.'
Murphy, Miss F. Murphy, G. E~ Mur
•r lvV, <; - u* S< T hulte ' L ' J * Develye, Mrs.
Pevelye. HC Leverd," Armand Leverd, 1
C harfes Leverd. . *
■ " The -Alameda carried the following
Passengers: J. Tl. Carpenter, P R
vZZSw rs - rr r an '- r< >lonel George
EWarber, c. Hatter, Mrs. H.
ifiwt, Mrs. Mclean, Mrs. Bruce
Mackall, A. if. Mofflt. J. W. Pratt Mrs
S\? Pratt - M«ser"prlS;
bmith, A. Santer, J. c. Zimmerman.
• .-General Mifflin Badly Damaged
•. me Government steamer General Mif
flin, lost -nart of her 'deckhouse and a
largo section of rail yesterday through
fouling, trre stetn 6f the army transport
■^f t r^A n - accldent was due ?" I the
ratt that-Captain.Hansen of the Mifflin
• ignored, the Whlathis bltrWn by th"
steam .schooner New.burg. The Mifflin
% e - n 'L° f ,he fanspori
vlrarf at. the time the Xewburg was
ser,5 er , f l?P. a rt»re from Howard
stree wharf No.. 2.- The Newburg
sounded one long whistle as notice that
•He was-coming out into the bay See
ing the Mifflin shout to depart Can
ta.n Johnson blew two. whistles/ Both
% Neuburg's signals were disre
garded and the Mifflin, which had b»en
backing and filling tor several minutes
parted out. as if there was not
?J« cc « f . floating, property on the
• The -Newburg «diot across her
bow,.a«d->n tryjng. to miss the steam
Whoonar Captain .Hansen turned the
Mifflin -so- that, she swung under the
slern of the Sheridan. -The Sheridan
M?Li* < i m f« Th ? re *> airs to the
ible\xZ • " Cle Sam a consl^-
Carleton. May Bo Abandon
jx-is Dow feared that tlie ship S D
• Cartetorr. ashore at* Bellingham, will
bave to be abandoned where she lies
KLrf Un , eff ° r - S X l man - v tu S" have
failed to do moro -than • list her over
*i*J .as she went ashdre durintr the
• highest period of the -tide there is little
01 (Htpect of assistance from the element
the- Carleton deserted foj- mother earth
HerhuU is; strained and leaking, and
as fhis is the seaacui of atoym the pros
pects of her evef again floating are
slight. • .
Cannot .Raise Her Anchor.
". The schooner <Wga. frr>m Mahukona
is anchored- off Mile Rcnck.. and so weli
REDUCED RATES
*. TO
CALIFORNIA
FROM •
Quaensfown...., $59.25
Liverpool. ... . $59.25
Londonderry., . $60.50
Glasgow . . . . $60.50
Scandinavian Points $64.25
By Largest Steamers
and Quickest All-Rail Route.
Proportionate Rates From
. Other Points. .
To ■•cure' these rates you must buy now
. from
R. R. RITCHIE.
GENERAL A6ENT PACIFIC
COAST C. & N. W. RY,
617 MARKET STREET
San Francisco. CaL
MESIHGH AND DRY ANDm" KDDED IN TH X " H EfiE SHE
anchored that all the power of her
windlass will not raise the mudhook
from the bottom. A tug went out yes
terday to bring her into port, but the
Olga's anchor could not be raised, and
the captain of the schooner decided to
stay where he was and have another
try at getting up anchor when the lide
had swung the .schooner into a different i
position. It is thought that the Olga's
anchor has fouled the moorings of the
vessel used during the building of the
foundation for the Mile Rock light
house.
»
Will Bo Model of Economy
The Mandalay of the coast lumber
fleet and the only steam schooner in
this part of the world sporting twin
screws is to be converted into an oil
burner, and when the work has been
finished the sturdy coaster will repre
sent the most economical and useful
type of small vessel known in the ship
building world. The contract for equip
ping the Mandalay with a liquid fu»\
apparatus has been awarded to the Rls
don Iron Works, and the plant to be in
stalled will have all the latest devices
for securing the best results. The work
of conversion will occupy about thirty
days. '
Will Try to Save Abydos
The Kosmos line has made arrange
ments with Punta Arenas salvors for
the saving If possible of the liner Aby
dos, ashore in the straits of Magellan
«- K S "£ CeSsfUl the wreckers will be paid
»
The Overdue List
The vessels on the overdue list are
quoted for reinsurance as follows-
Stork. 60 per cent: Edith Mary, 80 per
cent, and Brier Holme, 90 per cent
Liner San Jose Sails
The Pacific Mall Company's liner San
Jose sailed yesterday for Panama and
way ports with a full cargo and about
twenty passengers.
Water Front Notes.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Sierra, Captain Houdlette, is due
to-day from Australia, New Zealand
and Honolulu.
Henry Christie has been awarded the
contract for the construction of a fish
ing tug for A. Paladini. The vessel will
cost about $25,000.
The steamship Curacao, which ar
rived Friday afternoon from Guaymas
went to Selby s yesterday to discharge
her cargo of ore.
The City of Para, which arrived Fri
day evening from Panama, docked yes
terday at the Pacific Mail wharf.
Among the steamers that cleared
from this port yesterday were: San
Jose for Ancon, Mariposa for Tahiti
Alameda for Honolu'u, Umatilla for
\ ictoria. Alaskan for New York, Thom
as for Manila. Santa Rosa for San
Diego, Tottenham for Victoria, M S
Dollar for Moji and Neko for Seattle
NEWS OF THE OCEAN
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
„J* h ' Martha. Davia will load general
merchandise hvre for Hilo. " "■ ■
Crude Oil for Hawaii
The tank barkentine Fullerton was cleared
,'°US Wol " ta 15.000 barrels of
crude oil In bulk, valued at $21 COO
Forage for Japan.
The British ateamer M. S. Dollar waa clear
*d yesterday for Moji. Japan, with 14,003 ctla
barley, valued at 816.103; 27 000 but.. v,o„
ft SSff a. 10 '«»
Large Cargo for New York
Tha steamer Alaskan was clsared yesterday
for New York with a large and valuable canto
of merchandise. The cargo Included the foi
lowing. 108. G«5 ca canned aalmon 17V> v,k .
pickled aalmpn. 7701 bbls S«*l t .„„!
baking powder. 860 pkga dri-d fruit 1 Sr. £
ginger, 38 cs olives* 4* c. iKr. 7T5 ton. ?£
lead. 291 casks whale oil. 300 ran*.
169 pit*, cattle horns. 7515 Ml.™.hlr?,i™ '«i
bdla cassia. 321 bales Jute. 13 bbls fir bal
sain. 16 pKgs vehicles. 35 bdls damlana 40U
bbla aaphaltum. 204 bdls scrap leather" 200
pkgs junk. 30 pkgs machinery. 18 cs ammonia.
4 locomotive tlr-s, 23 pkrrs hardware
Exnorus by the San Jose.
The steamer San Jose sailed yesterday fnr
the isth«u« of Panama and way port, Vlt,t
a t-eneral merchandise cargo valued at illi
9€C to be distributed as tollows: Ko, Mf 0 '
;1S.110; Central America ?t«,403 Panam»
iar.24: New York $&>.9ra] Italy. ««»78 The
fo !i ow ' n,r were tb * Principal shipments-
To Mexico—l2o crts potatoes. 18»8 lbs sr>iees
2136 b. dried <r ult. lm P k ß r fresh frmu Ti
cs olives, ..3 pkg-s groceries and provisions
bread. cs canned foods 12ie lba miiin.
.238 pkgspaate. 103 gals wine 8 « mVnerii
water, 10 cs brandy, UO cs whisky, 9285 ft
lumber. 68 pkgs arms and ammunition. 160
flasks quicksilver. 26 cs drugs, 50 pkg-s nalnt,
? nd . «»«• 86 cs fuse. 12 rew*7 pkw
leather. 20 cs tar, Jl p!£B s electrical gc££
vi , 22 pk * s machinery. 46 bdll
shingles, 3847 lbs grease. I horse car
To Central America-ISG3 bbls flour, 752
CaU 11 cs wine. l« ca whisky. 23M lba drfad
IBS laislns. ij,.,10 lbs ard. 103 okxm cm
cerjea a„ Q proy Islam,, 25(58 lbs .pices 212
ten ''l 04-» „ C " <2S?«< J EO-Jdf. 588 lbs
oH* ll' „i ,bs ta 2SS »k* s Paints and
' N IPiSl Pi S w«Mnerjr. 200 cs coal oil. 27
r 4 - r; Uoricating oil, «0 bdls wire
H* cement. 8 pkgs p ap? r SOU lb, soda
To Panama i&o bbis flour. 28M cat? wtet
2 s '\rv~i. PCS ,Umber - 1000 b « «oip.
•V- £!k v lbs .^ ried Prunes, 3000 lbs ric.
-. eats brandy. 1000 flasks quicksilver SVs
d ,r° t dS> K B9 bales « n..-!25 lbs dry.
hide?. 10 >-ks bone*. 2 cs machinery. !
lo Italy—lBC.lo4 lbs bluestone.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
finui \ Ji.l>.
_, . Saturday, December 31.
Stmr James 8. Higzlns Mla-finn it
from Fort Rragg. bound to ,an Pedro.' put in
to land liassnilssjis pul ln
Stmr Acme, nerd, 3S hours from Redondo.
Stmr t orona. Glelow. 21 hours from Eureka
Jgp Agenor, Colby. 49 days Gua; -
Ba Schr Novelty. Hoffman. 8«, days from Cooa
CLEARED.
Saturday, December 31
H *r stmr M. S. Dollar, Cross. Moji; Harry J.
Mo^ r re*i , Co ToUenbanl, Pet ' rs - J. j.
Ger stmr Neko. Rlckraann, Seattle; J. D
Sprecfcels & Bros. Co. .••.»#.
C i tr s r eo matm *' Nopana ' r - v '<*orla. etc.; P
€l S Sl a? r ß?os riP, Co a ' LaWle9 "' Ta,,itl; J ' D Spreck-
™ ompBon ' Ancon and way
SprX,;"r Broe . r?o Wden - ■ H ° nolUlU: J - D -
S s l Co Santa Cruz ' A,b * rt *. San Pedro; £ C
dSSS* A 4Ca n - N ' Cho "- N ' W Y ° rk:
,-. *L tn ?f Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Dieso P
Cob Co.
Br ship Strathcryfe M-Intyrc. Newcastle,
Aue.; Meyer. Wilson & Co.
Fr bark Marsuerlte Dol'fue. Sautrel. Syd
ney; E C. Evans.
OIlO? FullenDn - McKichnle, Honolulu; Union
SAILED.
Saturday, December 31.
JJ S stmr Thomas, Lyman, Manila, Hono
lulu and Guam.
Stmr Newburg. Johnson, Gray s Harbor
•Stmr Alameda. Dowdell, Honolulu.
Stnir MariiKDsa. Lawless, Tahiti.
Stmr San Pedro. Jacobs, San Pedro
S| mr J * me " s ; Higgins. Higgins. San Pedro.
Mmr Elizabeth, Jensen, Bandon.
Strrtr Camilla, Nopander. Victoria and Puget
Sound i>orts.
Stmr Alcazar, Olsen, Point Arena
ports" JOSe ' Tnon,pscin ' A «con' and way
Br ship Lady Deris. Wood. Queenstown.
bchr Lhurchtll. Rosendall, South Bend
island PORTS.
'n^v^.^TT 88 Dec - e - Br " tnir Indradio.
.or New -astle, Ana.
HlLO—Sailed Dec 31-Schr F*M Slade
for Grays Harbor. '
I HONOLULU-Sailed Dec 31_Sehr Defiance,
for Grays Harbor. -.y-
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK—Sailed Dec 31—Stmr Areata
nlan. for San Franoi«-o. Areata.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HADLOCK—Arrived Dec 31-1-Bktn Katie
Fllekln<rer, hence Dec 23 T^lr "
POINT LOBOS-Passed Dec 31. 7 a m-Nor
stmr Titania, from Nanalmo. for San Dieec
COOS BAY-Arrlved See 31-Stmr Aroaia.
hence Dee 28. '
Barbound Dec 31—Stmr Empire
SEATTLE—Arrived Dec 31-Stmr Farallon
from Skacway. _ • •
ASTORIA Arrlwd Dec 31-Stmr Roeecrans
from Monterey. . , ■
Arrived Dec 31—Bktn George C Perkins
from San Pedro; schr Borealls. hence Dec 20 '
FOREIGN PORTS.
CALLAO—Sailed Dec 13—Ger stmr Am»i.
for San Francisco. ,lmr Am »» 1 ».
INT-Passed Dec 30—Br stmr
Ping Suey. from Tacoma, for Livemool
SINGAPORE—Arrived prior Dec 3Mp M
nils'" Panay. from Liverpool, for Ma-
CALAlS—Arrived Dec 23—Br , a ip County
of Kinross, from Bellinffham. county
MAZATLAN—Arrived Dec 30—Senr Seqi-ola
hence Dec 17. •
BRISBANE—Arrived Dec 31—Br stmr
Mnana, from Vancouver. w
OCEAN STEAMERS.
CHERBOURG — Arrived Dec tl — Mt*,*
Moltke, from New York.
brla, from New York.
HAVRE—Arrived Deo Sl—Stair La Ge»
co*rne. from New York.
Memoranda.
Per ship Agenor, from Guayaquil Dec si
Had a succession of south and southeast dies
off this port for two da vs. «»«■
LONDON, Dec. 81.- The owners of Ger «t m ~
Abydos. from San Francisco, Oct 7f?Ham
burg, prevloualy reported ashore at Osorno
Bay Straits of Magellan, have made con" r™
with local salvors for $75,000.
Sun, Moon ami Tide.
-nitert States Coast and Geodetic Survey-*
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entranca to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official tha
Superintendent.
hr^ E ~; Th « h '* h ,uid 1»» waters occur
n?n.« ty , front fMlasloti-strest wharf) about 25
!°S?. »««r «h*n at Fort Point; ths height
f tlde »■ the same at both places.
SUNDAY. JANUARY 1.
Sun rises _
Sun sets «-m
- *"!" *"!'"'''"'" *"'"" 2:M S'
o I JlSn l ol! I : sf s»| 2:26! 0.41 9:25 4.3
IH W| L W in w It
6 0:031 4.6 4:28 2.910:35 Ji j.» ft .
n | 0:48 4.6 6:14 .I.Ojll 16 69 R-'lO ~0«
7 ! 1:30 4.7 «:00| 3.0| 1 : «*|' 651 660 l£f
NOTE) In th, above expedition of the tides
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY 1. 1905.
' TO ARRIVE.
Fr ° m - i duT~
Kir^ireßattle'* Tacoma Xj^Tl
L.rr.pire Coos Bay i._ ,
A anguard.... | San P«*J r o '..'.*." lan \
loronado j Grays Harbor' /.. fjln. ]
! *f- dollar Grays Harbor Ja"
•Bonna Newport & Way Ports 'Jan 1
Wellington...! Oyster Harbor . . J*"'
|fu«*t sound Port... .'Jan.'
I**™* Humboldt ,7an 1
Eureka Humbol.lt j!n ]
Areata «.oos Bay 4 Pt Or'ord Usn
! State of Cal.. g.n Diego it Way Pts 'j'n' 2
! Sequoia Wlliapa Harbor .. Ijan 2
i v 1 "!?~ s -«i"--v * Wav Ports Tan
) North Fork.. I HurnboMt ..... JaiT ?
j San Pedro .'!.'! ' Jan -
S«xonia Seattle S
lAn ' asi f. Hamburg * Way 'pt B j.,* n n - i
Barbara... Gray, Harbor Ij" n
• n«v" ? }at *S "«bor !Jan. :;
! ' hlco Point Arena & Albion.i.lan 3
S°T ona ! Humbol.lt t,"' :
IF. Leggett... Humboldt .... " 1
| Hedondo ' Portland & Astoria! " JJan J
„ U^ l • • rotter* * Astoria... .fan.' i
J hehalis San Pedro 82 B
-Norwood. ...;San Pedro " Jan >
Point Arena. Mendocino &Pt Arena ' inn r
New York via 'An™ .' i.n' 5
Har.ta Rosa ... San Diego & Way Ports, j" "' «
< orcna Humboldt jaj, v
City Puobla . Paget Sound Ports. ... >J an ' 6
S Monica.... ; Grays Harbor .... jan it
Breakwater.. Coos Bsv ~
Santa Cruz... Newport & Way Pts.'Jan' 7
Nevadan , Kal.ului |JS -
Columbia Po.tland * Astoria.'.'.: .Tar, \
*>wbiirg- gray. Harbor j*„ «
» fm -' Grays Harbor lan q
T'matllla I Puget Sound Ports. ... ".'jan 11
M Steamer. [ Destination. ) Sails.| P!e7~
. I January 1. j I
•Cascade Grays Harbor i 8 am' Pier •>
| F. Kilburn. Portland & Way.:. 2 *™lp £ o?
; Rainier.... Seattle A Bllnghmi 4 pm Pier To
10, Mndauer Gray, Harbor - pm'Pil? "
faamo « LO3 Angeles Ports.'io amlPler *>
January 2. i
I Vanguard.. Humboldt | 2 pmiPler'»7
Columbia...'Astoria & Portland 11 ampler "4
,^ oan,c A Tacoma.! 5 pm! Pier 20
I Corona i Humboldt 11 30 n 1 Pier o
i R. K0...... ! San Diego * Way. I 9 amPle- 11
-; s - Crus ! Newport & Way..| 9 am Pier 11
, Centralis... Crays Harbor lo anVPier 10
. January 3. | I
Barbara. T.os Angeles Porta.| 1 pm Pier 2
j Eureka . | Humboldt v am P c? 13
, Breakwater , Coos Bay direct | 6 pm'Pler 8
_ • • January 4. I j
: F. ueggett.-j T,os Angelea Ports.;l2 mlPier 1
i Arctic Hmnboldl ! 9 amlPler 2
■ Areata | coo* B. A Pt. Orfd:i2 mipier 13
. January 5. i i
Norwood... ; Seattle direct I 5 nmlPier •»
! Pomona ! Humboldt 11 SO niPier a
! Sequoia.... , Wil'npa Harbor .. .]l2 m |p2r
! Anubis 'Hamburg & Way. 110 amiPler !•) 1
laqua \ Astoria A Portland.! I Pier : > I
| Coronado... days Harbor | 4 pmiPier 10 !
I ron,o Pt. Arena * Albtonl ft pmiPier 2 I
State of Cal Ran Diego A Way.| 9 amlPler 11 '
| Queen...... Puget Sound Ports.lll amipler 9,
! Xebraskan.. Hono. A Kahului.| 3 pmiPier "3 '
January 6. i |
San Pedro.. H'-mboldt 10 am Pier •]
Coos Bay... San Pedro A Way.i 9 amlPler if !
Sax.nla Hamburg A "Way. 12 m|Pler 19 !
X. Fork Humboldt | 9 amlPler "0 I
January 7. |
Redcndo Astoria & Portland) 15 pm'Pier *» '
Point Arena Point Ar<*na I 4 pmiPier '' j
Aurelia Aatoria A Portland I 4 pmiPier °7 '
G. W. Elder Astoria A Portlandlll am' Pier 24 1
City Para.. X. T. via Ancon..il2 mlPier 40 1
Curacao [Mexican Ports !l0 am' Pier 11
January 9. I
Argo Eel River Porta... I 4 pm I Pier 2
January 10. [ j
Sffa*« • 2 h,n * * Japan i I pm!Pler4o
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports..in amlPler 9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rupture Cured
Men cured by us can be found all over the coast. Here is one
from Modoc County: ' c
k off mv truss in and have not worn it since lam
CURED. WILLIAM T. CRESSLER. Cervine. Cal
Here is one right at home:
"I took the Fidelity Rupture Cure two years ago and have not
worn a truss, since and have had no trouble. Any one wishing further
information can call or write me at 968 Howard St.. S. F" lurtner
W. M. STREBECK.
We can cure YOU. No nay till cured. Call and see us
FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE,
1344 Market Street.
CHINESE FIND
A NEW SCHEME
American Born Mongolians
Marry Women and Bring
Them Here as Slaves
WASHINGTON ALAE3IED
Bureau Officials Investigate
and One of the Wives Makes
Confession of Conspiracy
Six Chinese women believed to be
slaves and imported to this city for
immoral purposes are held prisoners in
the detention shed at. the Mall dock
pending investigation by the Chinese
Bureau officials. One of the women
confessed yesterday. AH are claimed
as wives of American born Chinese.
The authorities at Washington have
learned that a conspiracy has been
formed by a large number of Chinese-
Americans to import slave women to
this city for the purposes of specula
tion, and the evidence now In posses
sion of the Department of Commerce
and Labor tends to show that such is
the fact.
The last arrival. J>e Sing, brought
j with him on the China his wife and
! they were accompanied by three other
t Chinese men and their wives. The men
had court records and all other neces
sary papers, showing that they were
nativv Americans. They also produced
marriagp certificates, the ceremony
having been performed in Canton,
Thina, by an English clergyman ln the
presence of witnesses. As the wives of
Americans are also American citizens
the women would have been landed
were it not for the confession of the j
one woman.
Two of the women were brought here
on the steamship Manchuria by Lee
Mcc, a Chinese-American. Lee Mcc has
a bad record. Three years ago he mar
ried Kun Vow in this city. Some time
subsequently he took a girl named
How- Wan to the Chinese mission on
Bush street and proposed marriage.
Miss Lake, the mipslon superintendent,
objected; her suspicions having been
aroused.
\!ilri*-IJ,,£ ornln f !2*« * re Slven in the left !
dcv in rV nd I*** of the
de> In the order of occurrence as to time- the
fourth time column gives the lest tide of he
day. except when there are but three tides a
EX ,me f °i CUT *- ™« heights given a?.' "
CoietSurv. v h rh°i n<l,! '* S ° r ,he "ates
< o.»m bur\, \ charts except when a minus f—l '
«- t"h. mean j
Movements of Steamers
TO SAIL
NEW BUILDINGS
ARE NUMEROUS
Structures Planned During
-Year Beach Total of 2012
and a Cost of $15,417,283
ALTERATIONS ARE MANY
Figures Show a Slight De
crease in Construction
as Compared With 1903
From figures compiled yesterday In
the City Architect's office it was ascer
tained that 2012 new buildings ware
projected during the year 1904, aggre
gating an estimated cost of $15,417,283.
In addition to the new structures, al
terations to the amount of $1,599,617
were made to 672 old structures, thus
making a grand total of $17,016,900 for
building constructions of all kinds dur
ing the year just ended.
Besides this there were 2376 free per
mits issued for alterations less than
£22 i^ each inst ance, which aggregated
5478,049 in cost.
In 1903 1611 new buildings were erect
ed at a cost of $15,254,762, and altera
tions to 525 structures costing $2,009,483,
a total of $17,264,245. being a slight ex
cels over 1904, although 401 more new
buildings we'j erected in the latter
year.
In 1502 new buildings to cost $12,
-1.0,049 and alterations aggregating $1,
-124,.0., a total of $13,297,756, were
planned.
The lowest month for building in the i
year 1904 was January, when but 111
new buildings were erected at a cost '
of $656,371. The highest month was j
April, when 225 new buildings we re's
projected to cost *1,937,856. The fees
collected for building permits aggie- I
gated $23,338 50. I
Following Is the tabulated monthly
statement of building- operations dur
ing 1904:
: If I .35 1 !
MONTH. *3
s . 'j * I 1
J ' | J
January I 111 4 Cof: S7l 42$ 100.20!
1 euniary \ 136 1.039.M37, 44 lOfi.tiy.,
March | 188, 1,400.4321 63 106 6W
A»HI i 225 1.037.556; 72' 16X63)
5»7 i 207; 1.C00.-t:r_>, 641 278.140
»»• I 1«7 1.2M1.261, 72| 18«.09T>
• fl "> ! 157! 1.34A,4T2j 73 213.0 ft::
August 171' 1,263,662 «• 86.4C8
kenteniber t.412.332 SC 107.315
October [ it;i; l,f>»;{,ou€| 47 »n.H4ii
Nov-mr-er —; 149 fi*4.oi7i 44 97.62.4
December ....] 151 1.187.765! 32 46.070
Toiafa [ 2012i510.417.283i «72|51.59»!617
WIIdL ORGANIZE COMPANIES
FOR COMEDY AND DRAMA
Management of Liberty anil Majestic
Theaters t 0 Try New System
of o;>eratlon.
OAKLAND, Dec. 31.—The man
agement of Ye Liberty Theater in this
city and the Majestic Theater in San
Francisco is to inaugurate a new sys
tem within a few weeks, which will
greatly improve the quality of the
plays produced at both houses. Two
companies will be formed, each of
which will present an exclusive line
of plays. One company will present
standard dramas and the other will
be devoted to the production of liatfu
comedy.
One of these companies will present
a play at Ye Liberty Theater one
week and the following week the
company, scenery and properties will
be changed to the Majestic Theater
in San Francisco, where the same play
will be presented with the same stage
setting, -Aile the other company will
| come to »?akland. This will giyp each
I company two weeks' work in the same
; Play.
j One company will be headed by
Landers Stevens and the other will be
headed by Robert Elliott and J. H
j Oilmore. The companies will be com
posed of members of Ye Liberty and
Majestic troupes, recruited with new
I people.
j 'The Prisoner of Zenda." which
i has had a great run at Ye Liberty
this week, will be followed next week
by the great drama. "Rupert of Hent
zau," which is a continuation of the
I Pf» mo stnrv
Bendixen Sues on Contract.
A suit for the recovery of $17,064 56
on a contract in which the money in
volved is expressed in the German
mark, worth 24 cents in American
coin, was tiled yesterday by Georg L
J. BeAdtxen against Frlednch Rather
The action grows out of the agree
ment In October. 1894, between Ru
ther and C. Ed Bendixen for the dis
solution of their copartnership. It is
said that Ruther agreed to collect all
the money due and pay all the debts
excepting 107.205.7 marks owing to
Georg Bendixen. On this he was to
pay interest at 4 per cent and en
deavor to reduce the principal to 100 -
000 marks before 1900 and thereafter
pay 10,000 marks a year until the debt
was discharged. The interest has not
been paid and the 40,000 marks on
the principal has not been forthcom
ing far the last four years.
V j.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. I Destination. I tails.
Santa Ana.... P-ldovla A Way Ports.
KEfSE"i i, k *« wa * * Way Ports. IJan. »
J? 0 'P hln - I fkagway A Way Ports.l.lan 7
f ; oi t \ and I gcldovla A Way Porta.lJan. 10
| Skagway A Way Ports. Jan 13
Time Ball.
Branch Hydroßraplitc Office. U S N Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco' r«l
December 81. 1904. -ncisco. t.ai.
The Time Ball waa not dropped to-day
J. C. BURNETT."
Lieutenant, t. B. N., i n charge.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Heat your
office at*
once
This weather causes pneu
monia, grippe, olds, etc. If
your stenographer, book
keeper or cierk gets sick, lays
off for one day, it loses more
money for you tha:: a dozen
heaters cost. Then, too, 1 how
about yourself? Isn\ your
own health of some value ?
We can warm any offire,
store or hjuse quickly
and economxillv with
GAS
Phone Exchsnge 6 for
our expert. wait
to write. Quick action
our style.
THE Q/|3 COMPANY
415 Post St.
museum of mimt
() bp »a lazzr. st. kt <•*«:*.a.r.cu. 4
\ C/ 1 lJJ«*«t A««tof4ic«l Huiesm hi ikt \
' «•''<!. »uit!»«. .r ir , r cntlln „, A
6ras 81? 5t2? g—"J*?** "wwiWtkM mom r
() (JSKi UR ' OF MEN /)
A f -r ( - < " M " ,u 'i*n fr«« and *»/'.'tl» pri»ire "
\8 » n I tw * '* "'T oadertmiea. "
> I ■*n«H*«SE. MATLED *' f EE, (a'P
f U Ij- t inWi bok lor men; A
10S1 Mnrk»tSt..S R P
. OC EAN TK A V KL
/f£\C , Steamer? r>' company. or
/Cs> Sfft, -pr which It Ig agent. leave
Mr«HBL*iV*V ci • 9 and 11 ' San Fran "
I I I I . For Ke 't*:Kan. Wrangel
\\ \ ■'" :iPa -- Tteadsrell. Haines.
»1 JffJ ska ß'-ay. *tc. Alaska—ll a
Fro 4 .'hange to this com
', . , pany's steamers at Seattie.
Kent,,. 'V tor,a - \«aco-jver. Port Townsend.
•„ k lac ° m «- tv South Bell'.ngham.
Rellingham—ll a. tn.. Jan. 5. 10 IB 20 *5 10
s|*;> ' hange at Seattle to thla' company,;
sfearr.ers fcr Alaska and G. N. B> ■at Seat'tl.
C p* C^? a t0 N - P R >-: at Vancouver to
For Eureka Olumboldt Bay>-Pomona. 1:30
P. n.. Jan. 5. 11. 17. 23. 29. Feb. 4. Corona.
P. m.. Jan. 2. 8. 14. 20. 26, Feb 1
« nBe! r?- ' via Port Angeles and
£.nt« »• r .' OKO - and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundava. 9 a re
state of California. Thursdays 9am
c. ' o L JO ", A " rel " ,v!a Sa " Pedro and Ea?t
Sa:i Pedro) Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
L.uln Obispo). Ventura ar.d Hueneme
«*oos Bay. 9 a. m.. Jan. 6. 14. 22. 30 Feb 7
10 18 ta 2C rUZ Kr ' !elU OT,]y) - 9 a - "> •' J*"-' 2.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay San Joee del
Cobo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz Santa RoVa'^
,0a - m - o'^ n ZTw
tor furtlier information obuin folder Riabt
0 - h *22r or falling date*
TICKET OPPJCES— 4 New Montgom
ery rt.tPalace Hot-!). 10 M a-ket at., andlß*™.
w *? P p. prelffht Cfllce, 10 Market s
C. D. DUN ANN. <;*nera: Pa-«enger Ager.t
«r* r>- ia -10 Mar!: " : 7 < • S»n Franciac
n c PS' iftc irarsfer Co. 20 Sutt»r at wi
oceanf cs.s.ci.ss swap
S. S SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney. T::urs.. Jan. 12. 1906 - • t „
B. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Jan 21~ li ,m
8. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Feb .'7 iiY™
J.P.£?KECKI-LS&BHOi Ca/AztiJiCfctOluCJM! If.
iel lreiptoiiic2 3i7KB«!:s;.. Pi-r /. '
COkPAftKIE SSb'ZRALS TRANSATLANTIC! TJ'?
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE—PARIS
.-railing every Thursday instead of mmftStH.
Saturday, at 10 a.m., from Pier 42 acUHP
North River, foot of Morton st '
First class to Havre, S7O and upward. S- P
w?.r la f 8 ** avie - «*5 «nd upward. GEN
KRAI. AGENCY FOR UNITED CTtTES AVn
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hads.'n bttldtni?
New York. J. F. FCGAZI & JO. Paclflc cSfst
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Frvi-Wn
Tickets sold by all Railroad rick*" Agent.
Tor U. S. Wary Yard and Vallejo.
0 ?^'m e^> a in F,l " b!p -. Mont,c * 110 Arrow
9.4>> a.m.. 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p ., n . v -. w a
p m Leave Vallejo. 7 a.m.. 9a m 1--30
Pm - ( a' 5:45 «•■«"• Saturday) v P m
Sundays ; , a.m.. 9 a.m.. 3:20 p.m.. li ».,„ Pl " r
BROS M '" Slon St - : tjhone Maln 1508. HATCIi
■CHICAGO T |N 3 DAYSI
I LEAVES DAILY ATftSOA M I
Ot*Kt Santa P« Train s:
< :30 a. m. ]
9:30 a. m. f For Stockton Fresno. B»l(»r.s.M
S:00 p. m. j Merced. H.nford and V^a'u^' 111 
-4:00 p.m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. Grand
Ticket offices-till Market st. and Parry Denot
■ To SAN RAFAEL,
VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUg7
Depart from San Francisco, dally .» « *
7:45. 8:23. 9:10. 9:50. 11:00 a ra li V 'S i
8:15. 4:35. 5:15. 5:50. 6:30. 7-i 5 i„^V 1: «
-11:85 p. m. ' ' 10 ' 101 » and 1
Arrive at San Francisco dally ~,
7:35. 8:15. 8:50. 9:35. 10:50 W:4O.
2:55. 4:25. 5:05. 5:42, 6:22. •Wf^tfttlJ^g
tDally except Sunday. ,
For Fairfax dally, at 7:45 a m • >t. »
THROUGH TRAINg.
7:45 a, m. d*"v—Caxadero and are* .....
3:15 p. m.. Saturday. onl'-Vo^Va'a^ro 5 ; i
f.y; 1 for P T"maL a s: y etc XC * Pt S " !
TICKET OFFICE—6SO Market at
FERRY—Union Depot, foot of Market ttk
HALLWAY TRAVEL.
to mrvi w# at
BAN FRANCISCO.
V ycj/ *■*» Oorosas Ml !••*,
\*f s * Pcnnr D«re*
of Market Street.)
\.pat X - MAIN LINE. -iwi"
7 00a v'«c«vi;i<-. Winter*. Uuimtey 7 SC»
7 POa Benlcta. Klmiraend Sacramento.. 7.20*
7 30a Yallejo. Naps, callsroga. Skats
Koss, Martinez. San luinon 1.20*
' »0a Ntlea.Tra'-T. L*thro». Stockton.... 7-20S
0 COa Snast* Kxpresa — (Via Darl«>.
William*. Willow*. 'Frnto. K«d
BHff. Portland. Tacoma, Seattle T.B0»
■ TCa Davis. VTooilawl. Enijlus Landing.
mmm Msrysvllle. Orovlllc 7 50S
8-30* M*rtlocr. Autloch. liyron. Tracy.
Stockton. Newmsa. Los Banoe,
Mend..!*. Arm on a. If an ford.
._„ VlaalU. PortervllJe «.?•»
■ 40* Port Costa, Modesto. Merced.
Fresno, <;o»:..-ii .Inaction, Uaa
• m fnrJ - v !ssiia, I'.a'unraneM ... .. mtmW
■ •*Oa N!!r». S-vn Jose. Llverwtore, Stock
ton. < "-MiHos). ione. Sacramento.
_-_ Marys7i;>. Obli:o. Ite I Bluff ... 4 20»
8 53a Oak-la •<>. ( n r.<«\ .Urn-rowe. go- „_
• m "or*. Tor.itm,.,-and Angels 4-28»
■ TOa Atlantic Expres»-<V den and Kan. 1-29*
■■sua ICchmond. Majtluer and '•'as
' Stations * ■ S0»
IOCCATbf Overland Limited — "ltden.
Omaha. Chlcnzo. Denver, Kansas
„ . CUv. St. Loula • fo>
::::::::::::
ilMfuA Lo» Angela* Passenger — Port
Coat*. Martinez. Byron. Tracy,
Lethrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Freano. Goahen Juoe-
Won. Htnfo.-d, Lemoore. Vltalia,
a«M „*"«"sueld. Jx>* Angelas 7.20*
«V«n- ?*' w » r «- and Way Stations. 3 «D*
A'SSZ * ,c '»«»*oto Klrer Steamers Ml.9U*
*ZW Benlcia. Winters. Sacramenta
W«rt>fl]and, Knlgara landing.
Maryaviile. Orovlll* and way
_ _„ sut'ons |0 50a
I ill ?^,V Ta .- • Bd W *V ptitlim; 7 «o»
• *B* Po. t Coata, Martloex, Bvroo.l racy
Latbrop. c*oc!non, Modesto.
Merced. Bereada, Fresno and
m an. ». .7 st * tlo "» »>«yoiid Pon. Coat* 12.28*
• MeMarttnex.Sannamoa.ValVeJo.Hne*.
a«« „^^ al,,fo ■■• B,nt » R0i*....:„. ~ | 20a
""N' 91 '- Tr * c 7- Bteckioa lj »€a
4 JOS> Hayward. Sib* lrrlngto*. 8aa") ♦«lo*
. «*••*■ Ll»arjiore....„ 1 111 SO*
i«o»>Tne Owl LlniHad— Newß>'«'n''L**
Beau*. Mendoia. Presau. Talarev
Bakereiold. Los Ancalss. I g.&Oa
99* Heyward. Nllea nuo sua Joan ..... r»o!
• 00l» .lay ward. Nllcn and San Jose . S?
Kaatcra Kxprcaf - Ornata. Chicago.
D«.nrer. feani.ii> city. St. Loula
Martinez, Seorktos. Sacramento
Colfax. Reuo. Uparki. Montelio.
_ Ordea ;# •)»•
? SS» I*!'eJo. daily, except Snndny.... I - ™
7 OOP Vallejo, Sun lay nni» f 7-60*>
7 JOs Kl-hmond. c>ait Pablo, Pert Coat*.
Martlr-.ex acd Way Stations >f Jgj»
'WB-oo I'n.a.-nirer—Port Cost*, ea-
Alcia, SutauD. himlra. Dlxoa,
Pavls. Sacramento. Sparks. To»»
_ J«ah. Keeier and Wa» Stations.. /.SQa
«•«•» Cregon * California Express— Sac
ramento, MarysTliia. Redding.
Portland. Paget ecund and Bast. 8.50*
#.Ha> Eayward. Nflet and Sen Jose (Suav
_ day only) 1110 a
COAST LI N ET7>*rr'«w (.sage).
(Fo->t af Mai Vet Street.)
•■l6a Kowark. CeqterTliie. Saa Joaa. "
Feilus, Booider Creak, Santa
— „Grux aui Way Stitlors i M*
WMm Newark. Centerrille. Saa Josa
New A lmad«>n. I.#is Ostos.-Peltoa,
Bo iidt-r creek. Santa Crua osid
Principal Way Button* tlO 55a
4.16s Newark. San Jose. Los Gatoa...(
««.Jop Hnnters 1 Train (Saturday only)— TB B **
ban Jote and War Siatloas t7 Zs*>
COAST LI N E 0tt0..: ...age):
. fcsr ( I hlrd and Street*.)
610 a San Jose and Way Station*..'.... . OB
7 00a San Jote and Wsy Stations B iOm
S ?S A * lBaa «*«« n'»«•. Prld-. only).
» &0a /be Coaster— Saa Jose. Salinas,
Ban Ardo. Paso Bobles. 6anU
Margarita, San LuU Obispo.
Ouadalupe. Oariota, SanU Bar
bara. Ban Buenaventura, Moa
telvo. Osnard. Bnrbank. Lot
... Angeles 10.JJB*
■40a Gilroy. Mollitter, CaatroTiiie. Del
Monte. Pacific Grove, Surf. Lorn- \
_ , POC tn in,
I.GOa "0 Joto. Tr-s Pfnos.Wntsonrifie.
Lapltola. Santa true, Paclfla
«»rove. Salinas. San Luis Obispo
,„ . nadPrlnrtipai Way Stations. JZ 4.10*
San .twe and Way Stations 1.20*
11 San . ose aa» Wti- station* 7 io*
A 16P ban Jose snd Way Statjons a xiZ
s ti>a> Del M.mte Kxprees- Santa Clara.
*n< Jose. W a tson f 11 le. Santa
J i el Mo<K *' Monterey.
l*B> lflc Grove ...
t».oo* Los Gatos. Wriirht. Boul'dercVeok' IZ,, " P
Sacta frnz. rta Santa Clara and"
_ ' Narrow Gauge tln
Mt» Valoat la BL. S,.uUi San Pranciic*: T '°- # **
BurlltiCTinc. San Jose. Gilroy
m _ Honister Trf>s p|pna ' i o a?a
aHK » ,n . ,,1 ?,r ,aa 6««Uona ]* ofli
♦6XO*SanU Clara, ban Ju*e. Lo* Gstos
and principal Way nutlons (ex
cept Sunday) . ....
s«Pban«ft Kxpress.—Kedwood. Ssn
Jose, Gil roy Paso Roblas
San l.uls Obispo, Sxnta Barbara,
Loa Angeles, pf-rnlng. El Paao,
_ et.Loc!», Orleans. irewTork n«.
MtpPajaro, VTatsrnvnie. CapttolaT
oanta Crut. Cuirorlll*. Del
Monte, Pacific Grove in xn>
♦• Up Mateo.Berearord.Helwont,san 9 999
Carlos. Ue.l wood. Pair OAka.
t-Op§*■ Jose and Way Station*. s *2!
a? kS p pa '° Alto and Way Station*.*.'.".'."." in ?lu
II Sop Bouth San PrarcUco. Millbrae! BcV
:.ngnme, San Mateo, Belmont
ban Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oaka
Mrnlo Park, and Palo Alto. ts AA.
•lIMp Ma) field, MountAln View, Suiiil
vaie, Lawrence, aan t* Clara axtd
Btn Jr.ne ±aa»*
.*_ A ( or M o"»niT P for Afternoon.
1 t , J ,J *l '""rted J Bnnd., «sut
< Saturday only b Monday a***,
thaops at all station* on Sunday^
CALIFORNIA KORTfIWESTERN Rt. CO.
Tiburon Ferry. Toot of Market Street.
SAFT TJKAKCXECO TO BAN KAFAEL
nSPf&SS'™' 9:00 - 11:00 *• m
3.00 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trip
at 11:30 £. m.
t^. r T i i xtr / L tr, P *» 150 and 11:30 p. m.
8X NDATS—B:tO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30 3 30
5:00. 8:20. 11:30 p. m. 1 * W 
SA2T RAFAEL TO SAW FKAITCISCO.
\\ Ki-.K DAVs—b:(is, 7:3 C. 7:50 »:M. 1115
■ • m.; o:40. 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip nt 2:06 and 8:35 p m
SUNDAYS—B:OO. 9:40. 11:15 a. tu.; 1:40. 3 40
4:05. 5:05. 6:L'5 p. m. ' •
_ Le * ve I In Effect j Arrive '
San Fran. | Oct. 2. 1004. f Sen rran.
Week I Sun- I L>est!na- I Sun- I Weak
J°S* 1 ay ' 1 tIOP - I daya. f Dmyg.
" 7:30 * 1 nl2fl v- , L;-!J«j ! <*•
•i ? :^o a I*maclo. 10:40« 10:2 ft*
5:10 p s:Cop| 7:35 P
7::I0 • , Ma. xr . «:10*T1iT4o";
- S CO a Novato, li:4a*Uo:M *
5:10p 3:.{op and 7:35d1
I 5:00 v SanU Roan. P |
7:3 °*ln.nn-l 10:40 »!10:2o7i
«:30p|3 B :gggl FUUCn '
. .„ Windsor, I I
7:80 a 8:00 a Henldsburg. 10:40* 10 20*
~„ „ Lytton.
8:30p •5:o0p Geyserville, 7:85 p 6 20*
, \ Cloverd»le. j
! :^a| , Hopland
8:o0p| 3:30 p| ard Uklah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
-.« J*.— I Wllllt* and j j
«:80n| B:Coaj Sherwood. | T:3B pf 6:20 p
7:Bft |] 8: 00 a I j •
8:30 p| 3:30 p| Guernevlllo. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 aj 8:00 a j Sonoma! foaOal 8:40 a
5:00 p| Glen Ellen. \ 6j05 p| 6:20 p
ISSal? a l 8:00 »l lToT40rajlO:2O»
_B:3op| 3:30 p| Sebnatopol. j 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Spring* ana Mark West Springs; at Lytton fcr
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geyner*. Boone
ville and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelaeyvllle Carls
bad Springe, Soda Bay. Lakeport, BarUett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; at
VWiah for Vichy Spring*. Saratoga Springs,
BSb? Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Spring*.
Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley, John
Rlvorslde, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin
Heights. Huilvllle. Orr's Hot Springs. Halfway
Houbc. Comptche. Hupklne. Mendocino Cltv,
Port Brag*. Westport and Usal; at Wllltta for
Fort Bragg, Hearst and Sawyers; at 6h«TTvor><J
for Cahto. Covclo. Laytonvllle, Cummtnga,
Bell's Seringa. Harris, Hubbard, FVultland,
Dyer, Garbervllle, Camp 5. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re
duced rates.
Oi Sunday—Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER, R. X. RTAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen Pa*a AgL
Wt i T A WA L PA ISj? AILWAY
Tv. Lan francitco * _ Ar. Saa
fkTOajs jisdavs IsaoaTS I wVKyT
- —• B:Bsa|S 9HI l:;JOp I*lo-501
i!ioo: »*fflr
1:45p >:45r *f"
•attusars 4:35p Satardari 111 9mT
'Tv GraTitj Car V It tsjaahnJs M Mill TUksy
asSun 7 * le3o!iI e30! i? arkkt St..(North Shore
vriw ) and Sausauto Ksaav. Foot Market St,
Weekly Call, $1 per Year(OMMEf IAlfjj FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
To-morrow a legal holiday. No business.
li 'all-street stocks rather lower on the day.
Local stock exchanges not in session.
Silver lower. Exchange rates not materially changed.
7 ocal bank clearings gain slightly over 1903.
Receipts of Coal shozv a falling off last year.
Large increase in Oil production in 1904.
Cnstonts receipts fall behind those in 1903.
'New Years jinks stop trading in Grain.
Bran, Hay and Beans quiet and unchanged.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables still in large supply.
Butter and Eggs weak. Cheese steady.
'Good' Poultry and Game selling very well.
Fruit market shent's no new features.
Provisions continue dull, everyzvhere. Meat market quiet.
Last year's coinage shows a large increase over 1903.
*' TA>-M6rrow a Holiday.
. -.Toi-morrow being a legal holiday business
' : w'UL be auspend>d throughout the 'United
•States.
Bank Clearinjrs.
• Local bank clearings last week were $27,
-312.648. against $27,716,260 for the same week
last year. For December they were $140,340,
-454. against $134 442,913 for December, 1903.
For the year 1904 they were $1,534,681,137,
against $1,520,200,682 for 1903.
■ We beat 1903 after all in these clearings,
Kft It.was only at tha very close of the year,
and then by a very small margin. However, It
is gratifying to that the volume of busi
ness in 1904 v as indicated by these clearings,
was. better than in 1903. as the latter was a
.fine year.
Customs Receipts.
The monthly receipts of duties on imports at
the San Francisco Custom-house during the
'.year- Just ended, compared with those of 1903,
were as follows:
'Months— 1903, 1904.
January $677,441 60 $832,147 54
February' 694,807 .97 619,119 43
March 656.363 87 087,493 61
•April 62ii,211 34 579,984 30
May 570.816 75 465.887 3a
June 625,488 06 ' 630,731 12
July .: 572,971 28 613.382 08
August 720,714 24 t»S,.SSO 15
September 549,364 04 605,180 26
' October 607,216 10 689,211 95
November 575.058 87 803,791 08
• December 654,702 34 565.517 61
Totals $7,621.157 06 $7,544,333 11
" The receipts during the last year were $76,
-828 t'4 less than in 1903. The total receipts
for I.*2 were $7.W5,433 86, against $7,044,
-372 j35 in 1901.
.Local -Mint Coinage.
• "Ti>& coinage at the United States branch
piint in this city in Decembef) consisted of $71,
-000 in Urifted States half dollars. 400,000 pesos
lvr the republic of San Salvador and Phillp
:!''.■'-.coins in 10-centavo pieces, 20-centavo
pieces and pescs. equivalent-to 422,000 pesos.
. trr i>e«ember, 1903, the coinage consisted of
$9 i • s.iuxt ii> United States double eagles, eagles
' and.standard*dollars, and. 150,016 pesos In Phil
'HasiM 10 arid 20 centavo pieces.
•The, coinage <>f United States coin for tha
j fst two calendar years compares as follows:
' 1903. 1904.
Double eagles ... $19,060,000 $102,083,500
regies : 5.380,000
.Half eagles 9,275.000 486.000
Standard dollars 1.241,000 2,304,000
Ilalf. ilollars. 960,386 276,519
Quarter dollars 259,000 .-.»... •
: .l>imts 61.830 80,000
Totals $36,258,716 $105,829,019
• Trie output of. Philippine silver moneys in
1904 consisted of 6,600,000 pesos, 50-centavo
'pieces equivalent to .LOBO.OOO pesos. 20-centavo
.pieces equivalent, to, 412.000 pesos and 54.090
-pesos In 10-centaVo pieces, making a total of
*BvBBe,4oo' pesos, against 11,511,016 pesos In
.'IMC Last year's coinage broke all records for
everything, the total number of pieces coined
being 25,148;213, including the 400.000 Salva
..dorean pesos and the Philippine coinage.
Wall-Street Tip*.
" The New York wires of E. F. Hutton ft
. Co. yesterday said:
STOCKS.—Although the decline In the mar
'■ket l£ a damper dn sentiment it is looked upon
by capable critics as a natural reaction due
to the usual evening up of contracts Incident
■ to the end of the year and pending holidays.
.These observers have therefore decided that
• around. present prices stocks are a purchase.
''Reports that Lawson will issue another
rnanlfesto in the advertising columns of the
morning papers." said the head of a prom
inent bouse to-night, "hava been used against
the market, but I notice that they have not
affected .standard shares very much. If the
.Boston operator makes another attack I be
lieve that Instead of the expected scare there
will be good buying and a consequent ad
vance." Tha indications are that a very large
part of the final selling In Copper, Steels.
Union Pacific and other stocks active in the
•last "hour yesterday were by followers of Law
.son',, so .that the short interest has been con
siderably increased.
. Lawson is going to screech next Tuesday.
However, this man's talk has lost the bulk
•of. its force. He is ready to howl when the
. market goes up fifteen points, but reactions
.now-will, be only slight from present figures.
The Financial Bureau says: There will be
further operations on account of Lawson ru
mors, but we expect support to be extended
ajrainst the raids.
No Liverpool or New York cotton market
to-day.
Coal. Iron and Oil.
' The annuar"circular of J. W. Harrison says:
. "The total amount of ooal imported Into Cali
fornia this year. 1.051.072 tons being 164,482
tons less than last year, would Intimate that
our manufacturing interests are declining,
when the quantity of coal fuel Is diminishing,
but sneh Is not the case. For example, the
output of oil for the year will foot up nearly
ten million barrels in excess of 1903. the major
portion of which has been used by railway
companies and industrial interests, showing by
actual computation that our local manufactur
ers have largely increased their buaineos and
a great many new Industries are being intro
duced, being encouraged to do so by the low
prices of fuel oil. At the beginning of this
year -{January 15) the duty of 670 per ton on
foreign coai was replaced.
"With fuel oil as a competitor and the pres
ent reduced values set on same coal has to
be sold at comparatively low figures when used
for steam purposes; when utilized for domestlo
purposes a fair, value is set upon It, as oil
ceases to compete as a house fuel until the
principal obstacles are overcome, viz: the
ellmlnaUon of smell and smoke and the In
crease of danger. There has been a pro
nounced decrease of Australian coal Imports
this year, caused mainly by coal carriers be
ing unable to find profitable employment on
an 1 val here, and present conditions are now
•compelling a large number of vessels to return
.to the- colonies In ballast. This r.aturaliy
forces shippers to pay generous freight rates
on-coai from Newcastle, N. S. W., and causes
a marked shrinkage of amount delivered. Rul.
lag prices have been very uniform during the
year and consumers cannot complain of pay
ing extreme rates, as the profits are very
meager when the cost of handling same is con
sidered. ■
. "The various sources from which we have
derived our coal supplies are as follows:
1903, 1904.
• * Tons. Tons.
British Columbia 289,890 335.137
Australia 276,186 118.409
"English and Welsh 61.580 04,664
Scotch' 3,495 1,666
Eastarn 'Cumberland and
Anthracite) 13.262 29,055
Seattle -(Washington) 127.819 133,063
Tacoma (Washington) 256,826 182.31J
Mount Diablo, Coos Bay and
Tesla 84,277 96,520
Japan and Rocky Mountains
by rail 102,219 54,245
. Totals 1,215,564 1,051,072
"To secure a complete statement of the en
-lr* coal consumption of California I have been
ibHged to Include d«llverle ß at Port Los An
geles and San Diego by water which have
been added in the above sources of supply
The total amount received by water at those
foot up 90.528 tons. 5 j
'Fuel Oil—The oil products for MO4 will
»ggregate fully 50.000.000 barrels, asainat
£1,000,000 for 1903 and 13.000,000 for 1902 This
immense Increase shows the present status of
our Stats, for oil as a fuel producer and It*
standing as a formidable competitor to coal
locally. About three m'llloas Of barrels have
been used for illuminating; lubricating «t>
and about 500,000 barrels of crude o)J roads'
i*j»out ten million barrels are now In
lielng held in reserve, evidencing that our
future requirements are generally provided for
The present condition of the fuel situation for
the demands of our factories Is a most gratU
tying one and promises generous profits for the
coming year, as the asking prices for oil are
most favorable, with every likelihood of a sus
tenance of present values.
"Coke— The total deliveries here by water
aggregate 67,991 tons, aa against 68,090 tons
last year, fully 76 per cant of this amount
was shipped from England, Germany and Bel
glum,
Pig Iron —The lmportationa foot up 24.715
tons; thla la about 6000 leas than in 1903.
Prices hava favored the buyers, as low.quota
tions have ruled during the year."
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 31.—Money on call nom
inal; no loans. Time loans were nominal,
with sixty and ninety days at 3@3% per cent;
six months, 3%@3 1 -i per cent. Prime mer
cantile paper. 4fc>+% par cent. Sterling' ex
change wus steady, with actual business la
bankers" bllla at 54.71Gyg4.8720 for demand
and at $4.8470<& , 4.8480 tor aixty-day bills.
Posted rates, H 80%@4 88. Commercial bills.
$4 84<&4 85. Bar silver, OT%c. Mexican dol
lars, 48c. Bonds —Governmenta, firm; rail
roads, easy.
New York Stock List.
E. F. Hutton & Co., 490 California street.
San Francisco, members of-the New. York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following ofapial
Quotations of that Exchange:
Sales.| STOCKS. IH!ghjLow.| Bld.| Ask.
i Adams Express .1240 250
91.000,Amalg Copper .. 71% | 71 71%
(Am Can Co j 11% 12%
Do pfd 1 83 03',ij
400|Arn Car ft Fy Co 34 33% 38% 34
1 Do pid 93% 94
100 Am Cotton 0i1... 37% 37% 37 37%
... Do pfd 00 97
Am Dist Tel | 38 39%
I Am Express 200 212
200; Am Gr Twine Co 13% 13 13% 14
)Am Hide & L...] 10% K>%
600 i Do pid I 46% 46 40 40' 3
2Oo!American lea .. 6% 6%; 0% 0%
4001 Do pfd 37% 37 37 38
I Am Unseed | 15% 17%
I Do T>fd I 37 41
3,300iAm Locomotive.. 35% 34%j'34% M
Do pfd 103 104%
I Am Malt '. 0% 6%
600) Do pfd 26 26 25% 26%
1,0001 Am Sm & Kfg Co 82 81% 81% 82
200 Do pfd 113 113 112% |113%
4,OUO|Am Sugar |142%|141% 142 4
| Do pfd 138 140
|Am Tel A T Co. 145 |148
300, Am Woolen i 23 28 22% 23
Do pfd 1 93 94
300|Anaconda iIOO 109 106 108
{Ann Arbor I 31 35
Do pfd :.:L (..-.. 62 63
6.800 A T ft S T I 88%1 8714 87% 87%
5001 Do pfd ... ;iOl%iUX>% 101%.10Ui
22,000 Bait A 0hi0.... 1104% !1u6% 1D4%|104%
I D 0 Pfd j 85% l 90
Bay State Gas.. I % %
7,200 B H T , t 61% -61 81%
Brook Un Gas..] 206 1212
Brans D A 12 12%
Buttertck Co ...I }..... 60 (68
Canada Southarnl ( i 67%1 71
1.3)0 Canadtan Pacific 132% 182 % \ 132 % 132 v,
2,000 C & 0 48% 48 48 48%
ICO C & A 43 I 42 42 43
400 Do pfd 83% 83% 80 83%
C I ft L pfd j 75 85
8.800 C A G W 23%f 22% 22% 28
Do pfd A 67 68
900 Do pfd B 84%| 34% 34% 34%
Do debs I ! 86 88%
800 C A N W 209 208 206% 208
6,300 C M A St P.... 173 171% V.1%,171%
.1 Do pfd 183 185
31,000 C RlftP(new) 36% 86%! 36 36%
200 Do pfd J 85 84% l 84% 85
Do 4s f 1 82 83
100 Chicago Term... 12%) 12% 12% 12%
600 Do pfd 28% 22% 22 22%
1,100 Chicago Un Trao 9 B%} 9 9%
200 Do pfd ....... 89% 39% 89% 40
CCCtStL...... 01% 91%
| Do pfd 114 120
Clave Lor A W.J." 70 80
Do pfd 102 111
7.000C010 Fuel A 1..1 47% 46% 46% 46%
Do pfd I W
1,100 Col Hock C A I. 17% 16% 17% 17 &
lOO'Colorado South.. 23% 23% 23% 23%
100 Do Ist pfd.... 61% 61 61% 62
Do 2d pfd 36 37
8,500 Consolidated Gas!l9S% 197% 197% 198%
. Cant Tt>b Co pfd! 127% 128%
lflOlOorn Products . .1 20% 21%
200 Do pfd ] 78% 78 77% T8
200 Del A Hudson. .(188 185 184% 183%
IOOfD L A W i 340 350
ID ft R Q 32 33
300 Do pfd 86% 88 86 88%
Dcs M ft Ft D 24 28
(Detroit En Ry.. 76% 78%
200 Detroit Southern T%J 7 7% 8
Do pfd 12 18
Diamond Match 187% 140
800 Distil Securities. 89 88% BS% 39
Do Bonds 1 79 79%
(Duluth S 8 A A! 18% 14
SCO) Do pfd I 27 27 28 27
lS.2OO!Erle ! 87% BT% 87% 87%
1,300] Do Ist pfd I 75% 76 75 75%
40W Do 2d pfd f 66%! 55 66% 55%
IB T A H 1 67 69
.. Do pfd 83 SO
.. Ft W ft D C 1 42% 43%
lOen Chemical 1 64 70
Do pfd 1 101 102
300' General EVetrlfi. 11*7 1186 1186 188
20O!Ot Northern pfd[242 !240 1240 245
lO.lOOiGreen Cons Cop. 26% 1 26% 26% 26%
:Havana Tob Co. :..,.[ I 82 86
Do pfd 42 48
Hocking Valley I I 90 91
Do pfd I 02 93
1,000 Illinois Central. 157 !156% 1156% 166%
1 900'Internatl Paper. 28 I 22% I 22V,! 23
...."...I Do pfd ] ] T6%! 78
Ilntematl Power. .( I 05 I 68
200llntematl Pump. 88%1 39 39 I 80%
I Do pfd ( ! I M 87
ttowa Central ...] > I SO 81
I Do pfd 1.... ! 66 i 67
(Kanwha ft Mlchl ! 87 38%
500'KC FtS ft M pf 82% 82 82%
100 IK C Southern...! 28% 28% l 28 28%
Do pfd ...i I 52% 62%
(Keokuk ft D M.I 15 IT
Laolede Gas pfd! 80
200lLake E A West.] 88 I 88 I 37 I 38
..I Do pfd 1 1 »« ll«0
(Long lalfcnd ....!.....!..... I 60 ! 62
-B,lOO'L ft N ft4oli!lS»lillfc>Xi!l39%
I,3ooiManhettan '1C4%!1«4 H64 1164% l
IMrnhnt Beach..l I I »%l 11
SOO'Metropol Feeur. .1 79141 79 I TO*'-' 79%
12.2oo;Metro St Ry... .I120U!120%!120%U20%»
3,Bix)!Mr>x Central .... 22% 22 122 122%
!Mlnn ft St li. ..I [54 156
I Do Ist pf* ...I I 00 lioe
400 M StP ft ft H Ml 90 89%! 90 00%
I Do nfd .....J |148%1M.«
600IMO. X ft T I 82% I 32 I 32 I 3?%
7001 Do pM 1 64 68UI 631/1 A 4
6.800'M0 PaHn> !107%!107%1107%H07%
iNash C A 8t LI 1 '145 !14*
l.ftftnlXational Lead,..! 25 I 24%1,24%1 25
10O' Do pfd f 93 I 02 • I 02*'.! 02%
lOOtNat R R of Mcx! 98 I 98 I ft7%f 98%
! Do pfd ..f 40 ! 40%
20C'Nat Biscuit ....! 57%1 57%1 •86%' 87
I Do nfd I I 1116 1116
IWN J Central ....'l9l H9f> 1190%!19J%
! N T V Air Brake. .1.......! !355 H6O
1.6001K V Antral ...!142%1142 1141%n42
V C A Ft L. .' 1.:...! 43 '! 45
' Do Ist pfd....! 1..,,.'110 1120
-6W Dn 2d p'-l. .. .! 76%! 76%! 7* 177%
>IN T TVw* ....... I 1.....! 27 I 28
IOO'NY N H A HortMOO 1199 '198 1199
r.ftfl'X V Ont ft W..1 40%( 40UI 40% l 4T%
3.300!N0r ft Western..! 80 ' 79%! 80 I 80%
Do pfd I. I I 94 I 98
200lNorth American.HOl UOOHHOO 1101%
10.CtfO)NV,rt>i*m Recur.,ll34
lOmaha I I IIHO fIST
'o ptl 4's ! ' 1104 nm
BCft!Parlfir Coast ...I 81 (80 I 80%! 80%
' Do 1«t nd I I lO* 1104
• Do 2d nfd..... I ! I 85 I 86
4rtfl Pgi-rflr V*f) i 44V.' 4?Jt>l 47t<.| 48«4
yaL-iwtiPenn R v co...iiqn "nifr?.rr*Mu4i*«%
'24.8<Vi p.oolp'* n,. ...'lOB Ilo6'*4 lt<W%
.'Pere .1 ' 7f(' I SO
600'P P C A St L..1 7*l I 7TWI 77 I nm
' Do pfd.; I .1.....177 177%
St Car..' 80 I 8R I 38 C no
1001 Do pfd." I 90%! 90%1 00 ! 00%
'Pullman Car Co.* 1.,...1285 1238
eOOIRy St SpringsCo! 33%1 33 | 38 | 33v;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1905.
•• Do pfd 94 95
22.800 Reading 79% 79% 79% 79%
-i.300 Do Ist pfd 91% 01% 91% 92
. ..| Do 2d pfd 84 84%
lOOlßepublio 8 ft 1.. 17 16% 18% 16%
3001 Do pfd 71% 70 .70% 71%
300 Rubber Gooda .. 26% 26% 28% 27
I Do pfd 03 97' ,
OOClSloss. S S ft ICO 63% 63 63 6:1%
I Do pfd 100 103
(St J ft G 1 15 17%
' Do Ist pfd 65% 68
I Do 2d pM 27 2i»
200 StL ft SF Ist pf 79 1 78% 78% 70%
1.900 Do pfd 71%( 70% 71% 73
200|St L ft S W 26 25 25 2<l
700 Do pfd 57%! 57% 67% 58%
17.40OjSouthern Pacific 65% 64 64% 04%
4.500 Southern Railwy 35% 34% 34% 34%
100 Do pfd 1 96% | 07
IStandard Oil ...j I C 24 !t528
ISt R A Twine.. 3 3%
2.loo|Tenn Coal A 1.. 71%1 70% 71 % 71 %
[Tex Pac L Tr C 01..... 1 36 (38%
. 600; Texas Pacific ...| 35%| 34% 34% 35%
. Third Aye 130 132
4TW Ry A T Co. 22% 24
200 Tol St L ft W.. 36%' 36% 36V4 37
I Do pfd ) 68 63%
lOOlTwin City R T. j 105% 1106% j 105 ty 106
[Un Bag A Paper! ' 10% 12
8001 Do pfd | 74 ! 73%t 73% 74
200?Un!on Pacific .. 114%H13%1113% 113%
800! Do pfd i 97% i 97%( 97% 07%
I Do Cony 4a...1 I (114%'115
'United Copper ..I | 8 I 10
]U Rda of S F 45|.... :l 87% i 88
lU 8 Cast I Pipe. ( t 19% i 20
1.600| Do pfd I 79%' 79 79% I 70%
lU 8 Express 1 1 1120 125
IS.rtOOIU S Leather I 18% l 13% 13% 13%
1.7001 Do pfd 1102%'102% 101% 101%
U 8 R A Cons pf (...'.. ] 77 70
l.nOfiiU S Rubher I 34 I 33% 33%1 33%
800! Do pfd | 98%! 98% 98 | 90%
36,9fH>'TJ S Steel Cor... 30%! 20% 20%! 30
66,r.00l Do pfd ! 93TC I 92%! 02%! 92%
700!Va-Car Chem Co! 41 t 89%! 39 i 39%
200! Do pfd I110%,'110%|110%!111%
700!Wabash 1 21%! 21% l 21%! 21%
200! Do pfd ! 42%! 42%! 42%! 43
I Do di>b 8>... I 67 68
IW'ells Fargo Exl 1245 1255
lOOlWestern Union .! 98% 92%! 92%| 03%
400'Westlnjrrious. ..1180 !180 1181 HB2
I Do Ist pfd 1190 (196
(Do 2d pfd ( 18V»( 19%
TYv- ft L E I ( 18%' 19%
Do Ist pfd 1 ( t 46 I 46%
I Do 2d pfd 1 26 27
40o!Wiscon»ln Cent.! 22%1 22%! 22 ! 22ii
200! Do pfd I 45% 45%! 45%' 45%
(So Pac pfd ( ( |115%(1ir.%
475,000—T0tal shares sold.
New York Ronds.
U S ref 2s, reg. .101% Japan 6s cert W5%
Do coupon 104%1ti ft S unified 4p.10)%
Do 3s. Reg 101%lvan con ao!d 45.. 105
Do coupon 104%lMexlcan Cen 45.. 76%
Do new 4s, reg. 130% I r>o Ist mc 2<%
Do coupon 130*»ilMlnn A St L 4s. 97
Do old 4s. reg. 105%! M. X A T 4s 101%
Do coupon 106 1 *.) Do 2ds 56%
Am Tob 4s. cert.. 71%'Ntl R Mcx con 4a. 81%
Do 6s 110*4lNT J Cen gen 55..130%
Atchison gen 45..10.m!V V <~en pr»n .1H5.101%
Do adj 4s 91%' Northern Pac 4a..10<l
Atlantic C L 45..101%! Do Rs 76
Bait A Ohio 4a..103%! V W con 43..1011/,
Do , '%s 94%'0 S L rfdg 45... 97%
Central cf Ga ss.ll3%'Pfnn cony 3%g..10't
• Do Ist mc 93 'Heading- gen 45...103%
Do 2d Inc A TM con 65..117
Chea A Ohio 4%S.IOBV.I=;tT > & SF fr 45.. 90%
Chi ft Alton 3%5. 82'4ht T. SW con 45.. 81
C. B ft Q new A L 45.. S5
C.RI A P R R 4s. 82%! Southern Pac 45.. 95
Do col 5s 95%!fouthern Ry 55..120%
CCCASLfrcn4s.ini !Tex A Per Ist*..l2lV,
Chi Terminal 4s. S3 IT, Bt I. ft TV Is. 84
Polo Midland 4s. 77 lUnlon Pac 4a 107%
Colo A South 4s. 02 I Do cony 4s 113%
Puba ss, cert ia3 'V S Steel 2d 55.. c r»%
n<? n A Rio G 4s. .102%! Wabash Ist* lis
Distillers' Sec ss. 79% l Do deb B flnii
Erlf» nrior lien 45.1P?% Md 45... c O
Dr. ?en 4s 93 I Wheel * L E 4s. 03%
Ft W A D C Ist.lOSVi'W'-consln Cen 4s. 93
Hocking Val 4%5.111 !
New York A'ininir Stocks.
Adams Con 20|UttIe Chief ©8
Alice 70' Ontario 3 75
Breece ISlOphlr 6 00
Brunswick Con... 00
Comatoek Tunnel.. OSiPotosl 18
Con Cal A Ya 2 00! Savage 24
Horn Silver 1 50! Sierra Nevada 58
Ircn Silver 2 ftO'Small Hopes 25
Leadville Con 031 Standard I 50
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |U S Steel 29%
Call loans 3 @4 | Do pfd 92%
Time loans... .3%©5 [West'house Com.. 90
Bonds — I Mining—
Atchisun adj 45.. 04 :Adventura 6%
Do 4s 101%|Alloues 19%
Mexican Con 45.. 73%' Amalgamated .... 70%
Railroads— 'American Zinc 12'«
Atchlaon ~87 (Atlantic 19%
Do pfd 10O%|Bingham 34%
Boston A Albany.2s3%iCalumet A Hecla.64s
.Boston A Maine..l 73 (Centennial 25%
Boston Elevated. .155 Range..... 67%
Fitchburg ptd 142 paly Weat 12%
Mexican Cfntral.. 21%lDomtnlon Coal 62
N Y. N H A H. .198% j Franklin 11%
Union Pacific 113%!Granby 5
Miscellaneous — (Isle Royals 27%
Am Arge Chem.. 21 (Masa Mining 9
Do pfd 80 Michigan 10%
Am Pneu Tube.. 4%|Mohawk 53
Amer Sugar 14t%lMont Coal ft Coke 5
Do pfd 188 I Old Dominion 27
Am Te! A Tel 146 V. lOsceola 94
Amer W001en.... 22%' Parrot 29
Do pfd 92 IQuincy 110
Dominion lAS.. l7%|Shannon 8%
Ed Elec 11ium...255 [Tamarack 120
General Electric. .186 ITrlnlty 9%
Mass Electric... 13 |U S Mining 24%
Do pfd 59 IU S Oil It
Mass Gas 38%! Utah 42%
United Fruit 106%! Victoria 4%
Un Shoe Mach.. 61V, Winona 11%
Do pfd 31%' Wolverine 106
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.BB 1-16: New York Cen....147%
Cons for acot. .88 l-16INorfolk ft West.. 81%
Anaoonda 6% I Do pfd 95%
Atchison 90% I Ontario ft West.. 42
Do pfd 103% i Pennsylvania 71%
Bait ft Ohio 107%! Rand Mines 11%
Canadian Pa 136%'Readlng 40%
Ches ft Ohio 50%| Do lat pfd 46%
Chi Great West.. 24 Do 2d pfd 43
C M ft St P 176%|Southem Ry 3i!%
De Beers 18 Do pfd 99
Den ft Rio G 37% Southern Pac 67%
Do pfd 79 lUnlon Pacific 117%
Erie 39 I Do pfd 100
Do Ist pfd T7 |U 8 Steel 81%
Do 2d pfd 57% I Do pfd 9«%
Illinois Central..lBl (Wabash 22M,
Louis ft Nash 143%! Do pfd 43%
Mo. Kan ft Tex. 33 |
Bar sliver—2B 7-16 d per ounce.
Money—3% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
Fhort bills Is 2% per cent and for three months'
bills la 2% per cent
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. 31.—FLOUR—Receipts.
9500 barrels; exports, 84.000 barrels. Inactive,
but flrmiy held. Minnesota patents, $5 90;
Minnesota baker*, $4 4fXg4 75; winter patents,
pi 50®6 80; winter straights, $5 20g>5 40; win
ter extras, $8 6594 30; winter low grades,
$3 45@4 10.
WHEAT—Receipts. 65,000; exports, 55,900:
spot, steady; No. 2 red, nominal elevator and
Jl 22% f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth
1 26% f. o. b. afloat. Options had a firm
opening on further bull support, but quickly
weakened under realizing. Then followed a
sharp recovery on rumors that the visible
might show a decreaae on Tuesday. The close
was firm at %c net advance. May closed at
$1 15%, July closed at $1 08%, December
closed at 81 22%.
HOPS —Quiet; State, common to choice, 1904,
M*oft7e; 1908, 30@33c: olds, 14c. Pacific Coast.
1904, 29©36 c; 1908. 80®38c; olds,
HIDES—Firm; California, 21 to 25 lbs. 19©.
WOOL —Firm; domestic fleece, 32035 a.
SUGAR —Raw, nominal: refined, nominal.
COFFEE —Holiday.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES—The market shows
no material change on general conditions. De
mand is reported to be fair for the better
grades particularly and quotations are firmly
held. Common are quoted at 4@4%c; prime,
4%06c; choice, 6%96%c; fancy, 607 c.
PRUNES—Show an improved tone, In com
mon with other California fruits, but quota
tions show no change, still ranging from 2c
to 5%c, according to grade.
APRICOTS —Are said to be scare* at the
moment, and while demand is not more than
moderate the market shows a strong under
tone. Choice are quoted at 9%®10c; extra
choice. 10%©llc: fancy, 12015 c.
PEACHES —Rule firm; choice are held at
9%c; extra choice. 10%©10%o; fancy, 11%
©12c.
Weekly Bank Statement.
NEW YORK, Dec. 81.—The weekly bank
statement shows: Loans 81. "66,701,200, In
crease f0,277.000; deposits Jl, 104,049,100, in
crease $0,333,600; circulation $43,145,300 in
crease, 8278,400; legal tenders $81,140,900' in
crease $2,770,300; specie $208,564 800, decrease
$1,850,700; reserve $289,695,700. Increase $919.
-600; reserve required $276,012,275, increase
f 2,483,400; surplus, $18,883,425. decrease, $1,
-63,400; ex-United States deposits $19,435,
-475, decrease $1,620,475.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK, Dec. 81.—Total Imports of dry
goods and general merchandise at the port of
New York for the week ending to-day were
valued at $12,324,364.
Exports of specie from New York for the
week were $893,333 gold and $614,715 silver.
Imports of specie at New V rk during the
week were $78,662 silver and $143,667 gold.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Deo. Sl.—Developments in too
metal markets to-day were uninteresting and
the trade of a "holiday character, with prices
practically unchanged. Tin was quist at
25©2u cr>.
Copper, firm: lake. $15 12%©15 25; electro
lytic, $15®1'8 25; casting. $14 «J%@l4 87%.
Lead, firm, at $4 00®4 iO.
Hpclier. *6 10®O 13.
Iron, firm. v
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 31.—T0-day's Treas
ury statement; Available cash baiance, $113,
-0CV.334; gold, $80,780,982.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Dec. 31. —A moderate buls* in
wheat prices occurred at the opening. The
cause was a fairly good commission house de
mand. May was %@%c to %c higher at
$1 13% to $1 14. The buying was partly the |
result of oontlnued light receipts in the North
west, arrivals to-day being almost half what
they were a year ago. After May had ad
vanced to $1 14% a quick reaction occurred
on realizing by pit traders, the price declin
ing to $1 13%. On the break, however, the
market met with good support from a leader
of the bulla. A quick ■ recovery followed.
Prices wore given a decided upward impetus 1
by news from the Northwest, where the cash
markets showed unusual strength. The close
was at $1 14%.
Liquidation of December option was the
feature of the trading in the corn market.
May closed %o%c higher at 45%045%c.
Strength or' wheat had a steadying influence
on the oats market. May closed unchanged
at :»lV»'*j3l%c.
Provisions were a trifle easier early In tha
day in sympathy with a small decline in the
price of hogs. May pork was up 2%0-Oc,
lard was up 2%<\ and ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 1 14% 1 14% 1 13 1 13
May 1 14 1 14% 1 13% 1 14%
July 08% 08% 08% 08% I
Corn No. 2—
Deeerrrbtr 441$ 44% 42% 42% i
May 45% 45% 45% 45%
July 45% 45% 45% 45%
Oats No. 2—
December 29% 29% 29 % 20%
May 31% 31% 31% 31 & j
July ' .... 31%
Mess Pork, per barrel—
January 12 35 12 40 12 32% 12 40
May ..12 82% 12 82% 12 72% 12 80
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January 0 72% C 77% 6 72% 6JK%
May 7 05 7 05 7 00 7 05
Short Rtbs, per 100 lbs —
January 6 35 6 42% 6 35 6 42%
May 6 65 6 72 % 6 65 6 72%
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec. 31.—Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, firm; No. 2 spring wheat,
{1 1001 10; No. 3, *JBcosl 12; No. 2 red,
1 15%®1 18%; No. 2 corn, 43%®43%c; No. 2
yellow, 43% c; No. 2 oats, 29% c; No. 2 white,
32% c; No.'3 white, 31031 %c; No. 2 rye, 75c; i
good feeding barley, 38687 c; fair to choice I
malting. 41#48c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 16; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 23%; prime timothy seed.
$2 72%; mtss pork, per barrel, $11 06011 07%;
lard, ocr luO lbs, $6 77%; short ribs sides
(loose), $6 12%©ti 37%; short clear sides
(boxed), $6 62% 06 75; whisky, basis of high
wines, $t 24; clover, contract grade, $12 75.
Articles — Receipts. Shipment*.
Flour, barrels 23,600 10,300
Wheat, bushels 23.000 29.700
Corn, bushels 240,900 23.500
Oats, bushels 55,100 19,600
Rye. bushels 4.000 2,800
Barley, bushels 100,000 181,000
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Dec. 81. —On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm;
creameries, 17<n28c; dairies. 1»>024c: eggs,
burely steady. 20023 c; cheese, steady, ll®l2o.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Dec. 31.—CATTLE—Receipts,
1500. Market steady. Good to prime steers,
$00885: poor to medium, $3 7504 25; stockers
and feeders. $3 2001 25; cows. $1 5004 20;
heifers $2 2505; canrters', $16002 40; bulls.
$2 1004 10; calves. $3 5007 25.
HOGS—Receipts: To-day, 20,000; Monday,
42.000, Market 5c lower. Mixed and butchers,
$4 5004 75; good to choice heavy. $4 7004 *0;
rough heavy, $4 4504 60; light. $4 4004 70; bulk
o" .-ales. $4 6004 65.
SHEEP — Receipts, SOOO. Easy. Lambs,
weak- good to choice wethers. $4 9005 65; fair
to choice mixed, $4 10©4 85; Western sheep, $4
©6 10; native lambs, $5 25(3*7 35; Western
lambs, $607 30.
Omaha.
SOUTH OMAHA. Nebr., Dec. .11.—CATTLE
—Receipts. 100. Market nominally steady.
HOGS —Receipts, 1000. Market 5c lower.
Heavy, $4 4504 50; mixed, $4 4504 50; light,
S4 4.-04 52%; pigs, $4104 40; bul'- of sales. 84 45
©4 50.
SHEEP — Receipts, 1000. Market strong.
Western vearllngs. $5 5005 SO; wethers, $4 50®
5 50; ewes, $404 90: common and stockers,
$2 5004 60; lambs. $5 5006 85.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 31.— CATTLE—Re
cei'its. ISO; market un*hnhg<«d.
HOGS—ReceiDts, 30Q0; market steady to 5c
lower Bulk of sales. $4 4004 60; heavy,
$4 6004 65; packers. $4 50*7*4 62%.
SHEEP —Beeelpts, 1500; market 5010 c
hljrher. Muttons, *4®5 25; lambs, $507;
range wethers, $4 50®5 50; ewes, $3 2504 75.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL
Wheat— March. Msy.
Opening 7 00 6 11%
Closing 7 00 6 ll£ .
PARIS.
Wheat — Oec. Mar.-June.
Opening 23 45 24 65
Closing 23 45 24 65
Flour-
Opening 30 80 32 20
Closing 30 05 32 10
St. Louts Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 81. —Wool nominal: terri
tory and Western mediums, 21022 c; fine,
medium, 17018 c; fine, 16017 c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Dec. 31.—Clearings, $689,769;
balances, $133,646.
TACOMA, Dec. 31.—Clearings, $426,010; bal
ances, $25,189.
PORTLAND. Dec 81.—Clearings, $367,115;
balances. $55,183.
SPOKANE. Dec. 81.—Clearings, $388,202;
balances, $80,693.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver was %c lower. Exchange showed
little change.
The value of the Mexican dollar for customs
purposes has been fixed at 46.8- cents for the
quarter beginning January 1. For the quarter
ending December 31, 1904. the value was 45 8
and for the preceding quarter 43.8.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days..s4 87 © —
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 87%© —
Sterling Exchange, cables 4.8795® —
New York Exchange, sight 02%® —
New York Exchange, telegraphic 05 © —
Silver, per ounce 81%© —
Mexican Dcllars 49%® —
INTERNATIONAL
New York on Paris ....5 15
New York on Mexico 203
Paris on London 25.14%
Berlin on London 20.39
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT—There was very little new. either
here or in the East, as usual on the cloalna
day of the year. Chicago was %c higher on ,
the day. The local market was neglected, as I
the session period was given up to the usual \
New Year's frolic of the brokers, who were ,
too occupied tn covering each other with Flour
and Bran and firing off bombs to pay any at
tention to trading.
There will be no session of the exchange to
morrow.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 46@1*2%: California
White Australian. $1 0001 62%; Northern
Club. $1 5001 65; Northern Bluestem, $1 60®
1 62%; Northern Red. $1 47% per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 44% $1 45 $1 44% $1 45
BARLEY—Pelting each other with Mlllstuff*
and exploding firework* occupied the brokers
and there Was no business worthy of the name.
Hence quotations show no change.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 12%®1 16; Brewing and Shipping,
$1 17%©1 20; Chevalier, $1 1501 20 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a m.
May—sl 09% asked.
OATS—The year closed with a very firm but
quiet market. Stocks and receipts are both
moderate and the situation continues alto
gether in favor of sellers.
White. $1 4601 57%; Surprise, $1 55©1 CO:
Red for feed, $1 46©1 50 for No. 1 and
$1 40®1 42% for No. 2; choice, for seed.
$1 60® 1 65; Black, $1 3001 85 for feed and
$1 4501 82% for seed.
CORN —The situation remains a* before
stated, the market being quiet and weak, with
ample supplies.
Western sacked. $1 25® 1 30 for new Yellow,
White and Mixed; old California Yellow and
White. $1 40® 1 42%; new California large
Yellow, $1 27%©1 30; small round do, $1 65®
1 80; White. $1 27%®1 30; Egyptian, $1 36©
1 87% for White and $1 17%®1 20 for Brown.
RYE—$l 42%©1 47% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—SI 5001 75 per ctl.
Flour and Mlllstuff*.
FLOUR—California Family Extras, $4 80©
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70@5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4®4 50
per bbl. \
MII.LSTUFFS—Prices In packages are as
fellows: Graham Flour. $3 26 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3 25 (in barrels $4 50); Rye Meal.
$8 50 (In barrels $4 76): Rice Flour. $7; Corn
Meal. $2 50; extra cream do, $8 60; Oat Meal,
$4; Oat Groats $4 25; Hominy. $3 60®3 85;
Buckwheat Flour. $4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 76;
Farina. $4; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60; Rolled
Oats. bbls. $0 76®7 50; in sacks. $4 25; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, boxes, $5 50; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstnffs.
Everything continued as before stated yes
terday. The markets were quiet, as usual on
the last day of the year.
UriAK_*2o®2l 60 Dec ton.
MIDDLINGS—S2S®2B per ton.
SHORTS—S2O<S2I 50 per ton. _ „
FEED STUFFS—RoIIed Barley, $24® 24 oO
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 50®
82 50; Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake. $23024;
Cocoanut Meal $24®25; Corn Meal. $31 50®
32; Cracked Corn, $32032 60; Mixed Feed. $22
©23; Horse Beans, $30®40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed, 90c per ctl. «
HAY—Wheat, $9014 50; Wheat and Oat,
$o®l3 60; Oat, $9012; Barley and Oat, $8010:
Volunteer W r ild Oat, $7®10; stabft, $9ftlo;
stock, $5 6007; Clover. $7©10; Alfalfa, $Oi.U2
per ton.
STRAW—3S®6Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Bean handlers hope that the market may
turn more active with the advent of the new
year. It has been stagnant for some weeks.
BEANS—BaypS, su®3: Pea. £3«*3 50:
Butter, $303 25; small White. $303 35; large
White, $2 40®2 6o; Pink, $2 75®3 50; Red,
$4 2504 50-, Lima, $4 10®4 20; Red Kidneys,
$3 50®4; Blackeyes, $2 3502 50 per ctl.; Horst
Beans. $1 8502 40.
SEEDS—Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 3%®3%b; Flax. $2®2 75: Canary.
6%c; Alfalfa, 12%@13c; Rape. 1%@2%c,
Timothy.-3%c; Hemp. 3%®3%c per lb.; Mil
let, 2%©3% c; Broom Corn Seed, $2u@2l per
ton.
DRIED PEAS—Nlles $1 7502 50; Green
Peas, $1 7502 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Trade In Potatoes was at a standstill arid
prices of all descriptions were nominally un
changed. Receipts were liberal and Included
several lots of Oregon Burbanks. which had
not been unloaded up to a late hour. The
principal noose* closed at noon and several of
them will remain closed until Tuesday. Stocks
of Onions are excessive and most handlers ex
pect a lftwer range ot prices.
All kinds of vegetables were in free supply
and the'market generally had a weak tpne,
with sellers anxious to clean up. Offerings of
Feas. Beans and Tomatoes Included much poor
stock, which showed the effect of the rectnt
rain In the. southern growing districts, and
there was quite a surplus of such stock still in
receivers' hands at the close.
POTATOES —Burbanks from th« river, 50®
80c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $1 15@1 45 per
ctl.; Oregon Burbank3, $101 20 per ctl.;
River Reds, 50060 c per ctl.: Early Rose, $1®
1 10 per ctl; Sweet Potatoes. 65®90c per ctl.
ONIONS—S2 25®2 35 per ctl.
VEGETABLES —Green Peas. 3@sc per lb;
String Beans. 3®60 per lb: Wax Beana. 3®6c;
Tomatoes, 9Ocos. 50 per box or crate; Sum
mer Squash 65075 c per box; Hothouse Cucum
bers, $1 2501 50 per dozen; Cabbage, 50060 c
per ctl; Carrots. 30040 c per sack; Garlic. 7®Bc
per lb; Egg Plant. 4@7c.per lb for southern!
Dried Peppers, 10@12%c for sun-dried and 13®
14c per lb for evaporated; Green Peppers. 4®
5c per lb for southern; Mushrooms, 10015 c per
lb.; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash, $B©lo
per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of Poultry were very light, a*
usual on Saturday, and there was continued
firmness in all descriptions, the market being
bare at the close. Receipts of dressed Turkeys
were very small, but the demand was likewise
and the market was not excited. Thirty-eight
cases came in and sold at about previous
prices. Good Game sold off well at steady
prices, while poor and thin stock, which was
abundant, dragged badly.
POULTRY —Dressed Turkeys. 25028 c per lb;
Live Turkeys. 22024 c per lb; Geese, per pair,
$2 2502 50; Goslings. $2 2502 50; Ducks, $5@6
per dozen for old and $607 for young; Hen*,
$404 50 for small and $5 50@6 for large;
young Roosters, $5 60@6: old Roosters, $4®
4 60- Fryers $4 50®5; Broilers. $2 50®3 50;
Pigeons. $l®i 25; Squabs. $202 50
GAME —Mallard Ducks. *3©3 50 per dozen;
Canvasback, $3©4 50; Teal $1 25; Sprig, $1 50
02 50; Widgeon, $1 50; Red Heads, $2 50;
small Ducks. $101 50; Gray Geese, $3;
White Geese, $1 26@1 50; Brant, $1 2502;
Honkers. $305: Snipe. $2 60 for English and
$1 50 for common: Doves. $1 25; Hare, $1 75®
2: Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and $1 50 for
Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The markets were dull yesterday and prices
showed no change worthy of note. Butter con
tinued dull and easy, though there was no very
heavy stock on hand, except In two or three
houses. Cheese was steady and featureless.
Eggs were weak and some of the large houses
were anticipating a decline this week by of
fering their finest ranch at 37%®38c, but most
firms still quoted 40c.
Receipts were 25.900 lbs Butter. 414 cases
Efks and 3700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER —Creamery at first hands, 23024 c
for extras and 21%®22%c for lower to medium
grades; dairy. 20022 c; cold storage, nominal;
store Butter, nominal; Eastern cubes, nominal;
.Eastern -ladle-packed, 15016 c.
CHEESE —11011 %c for choice mild new and
l'j&lOVsC for old; cold storage, 10%@llc; Young
Americas, 12®12%c; Eastern, 10®13c per lb.
EGGS —Ranch, 36040 c for good to fancy and
30036 c for common; store Eggs, 28®30c; cold
Storage,' 25030 c; Eastern, 25028 c for choice,
22@24c for standards and 20021 c for seconds.
. Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There was some little improvement in the
demand for Oranges, particularly the lower
grades of Navels, which were being bought
by peddlers, but supplies of all grades were
far In excess of the demand and the market
still had a weak tone. Mexican Limes were
firmly held at the recent advance, pending the
arrival of fresh supplies, but other Citrus
fruits were plentiful and dull. Persimmons
were in limited supply and prices were largely
nominal, and there was very little doing In
Apples or Pears. A few chests of poor Straw
berries cp.me in and sold) slowly in a peddling
way at irregular price*. Cranberries were
quiet and there was very little choice stock
on the mark»t.
STRAWBERRIES —$305 per chest.
CRANBERRIES —$9@ll per bbl for No. 1
and $t®B for inferior Eastern.
APPLES—9Oc@SI 25 per box for fancy and
60©S5c for common to choice; Lady Apples,
$1 2502 ocr box.
PEARS—Winter Nellis. $1 50@2 per box;
cooking varieties, sOcosl per box.
PERSIMMONS —50075 c per box.
CITRUS FRUlTS—Oranges, Navels. $I@2 per
box; Seedlings, 75c®$l; Tangerines. 75c for
small and $1 for large boxes; Japanese Man
darins, 75c@$l per box; Lemons. $2 6002 75
for fancy. $1 75@2 25 for choice and $101 50
for standards; Grape Fruit, $1 750 2 50; Mexi
can Limes. $404 50 per case; Bananas. $2®3
per bunch for Central American and $I®2 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples, $1 50®3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins. Honey.
All descriptions under this head continue
dull and unchanged. The year closes with
stocks of everything except Prunes and Raisins
reduced to odd lots here and there.
FRUlTS—Apricots, B@llc for Royals and 10
®12% c for Moorparks; Nectarines. 6%®8%c
for White and 6%®7%c for Red; Peaches, 7%@
B%c per lb; Pears, 7® 12c; Plums, pitted, ti@
6%c for black, 7%®8%c for red and 7©8%0
for yellow; Figs, 2-crown bricks, 45c; 3-crown,
50c; 4-erown. 00c: 6-crown 65c: bulk white.
2%®3c; black, 2%05%c; Evaporated Apples,
406 c per lb.
PRUNES—I%®I%c per lb for the four sizes
and 2%c basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS—I9O4 crop f. o, b. Fresno—lmpe
rial clutters, $2 2502 50; Dehesa, $1300135;
London Layers, 85c®$l; Loose Muscatels, 4
rrown. 5®3%c: 3-crgwn, 4%c; 2-crown. 3®3%c:
Seeded, 4%®6c: Thompson* Seedless. 4%©
4%c; Seedless Sultanas, 3®6c per lb.
NUTS—Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12®13c; No.
2, 10011 c; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2, 10c:
Almonds, 10® 17c for Nonpsrells, 14@14%c for
I X L, 13%@14%c for Ne Plus Ultra and 11c
for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern;
Pecans. 11013 c; Cocoanuts, $4 5005; Chest
nuts ,B@loc per lb for Italian.
HONEY—Comb, ll%©lBc for white and 10©
11c lor amber; water white extracted, 6%06c;
light amber extracted, B®s%c; dark, 3®4%c.
per lb.
Provisions.
There Is nothing new in this market, trad*
still being very' dull.
CURED MEATS—Bacon, 10% c per lb for
heavy, 10% c for light medium, 13c for light,
14c for extra light and 14% c tor sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides 10c; Bellies, 11c; Eastern su
gar-cured Hams. 12 to 14 lbs, 12% c; 15 to 16
lbs, 12c; 17 to 20 lbs, 11 %c; California
Hams, ll%c; Mess Beef $10010 50 per bbl;
extra Mess, $10 50011; Family, $12012 50;
prime Mess Pork, $14 50; extra clear, $22;
Mess, $16 5); Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet. $5;
Smoked Bi ef, 14c per lb.
LARD—'/ierces quoted at 6%e per lb for
California ecmpouna, 7c for Eastern compound
and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9%c; 10
-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins, 9%c; 3-lb Una, 10c.
COTTOLENE—One half barrel, B%c; three
half barrels. B%c; one tierce, B%c; two tierces.
B%c; five tierces, B%c per lb.
. Hides. Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The situation in all line* continues un
changed. Supplies of unsold Wool in the hands
of American raisers are said to be smaller
than for many years, while those in Boston
are the smallest for fifteen years. But the
mills are well supplied with stock bought
during the past few months. Hides are barely
steady, while Hops are quiet, with stocks on
the coast very light.
HIDES AND SKINS—CuIIs and brands sell
about %©lc under quotation* Heavy salted
Stefrs, 11c; medium, 10c; Ugbt. 9%@10c; Cow
Hides, 9%®10c for heavy and 9%©10 c for
light; Stags. 707% c; Salted Kip, 10% c; Salted
Veal, ll®ll%c; Salted Calf. 11%@12%c; dry
Hides. 17%«18c; dry Kip, 15c; dry Calf, 20c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 25040 c each; short
Wool, 50075 c each; medium, 90c@$l 10: long
Wool, $1 2501 75: Horse Hides, salt, $3 for
large and $2 50 for medium, $1 5002 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for
large and $1 50 for medium, $1 for small, 60c
for Colts. Buck Skina^ —Dry Mexican, 30c; dry
salted Mexican, 25c; dry Central American,
80c; Goat Skins —Prime Angoras, 75c; extra
large do, $126; large, 50c; medium, 85c;
small, 20c.
TALLOW—No. 1 rendered, 404 Vie per lb;
No. 2. 3V4c; Grease. 2%®3c.
WOOL—Fall clip—San Joaquin and South
ern, 9@llc; Southern. 809 c; Southern Moun
tain. 9®llo ; Middle Counties, free. 12® 14c;
do defective, 10012 c; Northern, free, 12014 c;
do defective, 10012 c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino. 10@lSc per lb.
HOPS—I9O4 crop, 25028 c per lb; 1905 crop.
17%@18c bid.
Bleat Market.
Supplies of all kinds continue sufficient for
the demand and quotations remain unchanged.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF—6O7c for Steers and 4%06c per lb
for Cowa
YEAL —Large, 6V>®Bc; small. B®B%c per lb.
MUTTON—Wethers, 7©Sc; Ewea 6%®7%c
per lb.
LAMB—9OIOc per lb.
PORK—Dressed Hogs, 6%©8% c per lh-
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 400
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE—Steers. 7%®7%c; Cows and Heif
ers. sy.©oVsc; thin Cows, 4®sc per lb.
CALVES —4©4% c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP —Wethers, 3%@3%c; Ewea 303V4C
rer lb (gross weight).
LAMBS—S2 500 275 per bead.
HOGS—Live Hogs. 200 to 250 lbs. 4%04%c:
130 to 200 lbs. s©sV4c; 80 to 130 lbs. 4%©4fcc;
soft Hogs, net wanted; Sow?. 20 per oont off;
Boars. 50 per cent off, and Stags. 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS—Grain Bags. 6%®5%c spot and 6©
6%c for next year; Wool Bags, 30©320; Fleece
Twine, 7%e. .
COAL —Wellington, $8 per ton; New, Wel
lington, $8; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50;
Beaver Hill, $5 50: RoSlyn, $7; Coos Bay. $5 50;
Richmond, $8; Cumberland. $13 in ouHc and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cannel. $9 par ton; Ccke, $11 50013 per
ton In bulk and $15 m sacks: Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $« 50 per short ton. . •
OlLS—Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 6c; Linseed, 55c per gallon for boiled, and
63c for raw.; Castor Oil, In cases, No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA, cases. $1 1001 12; Luool, 50e for
boiled and 48c for raw China Nut, eases. 65®
SOc per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, in barrels, 6So
for Ceylon and' 56c for Australlani extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, 68c; natural win
ter Sperm Oil 63c; extra bleached winter
Whal« Oil. 57c; natural Whale Oil, 52c; extra
winter strained Lard Oil, 75c; No. 1 Oil,
65c- pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot
Oil' 63c; light Herring Oil, 42c; dark Herring
Oil' 40c; Salmon Oil, 34c; boiled Fish Oil, 37c;
raw Fish OH. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 330; raw
Paint OH, 31c.
COAL OIL —Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
13<* : Pearl Oil, in cases, l»V4c; Astral, 19V4c;
Star, 19% c; Extra Star, 22V»c; Elaine. 20c;
Eocene, 21% c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. •In
bulk lCc; in cases, 22% c; Benzine, in bulk,
13c;'in cases. 10 ] /<sc; 86-degre* Gasoline, In
bulk, 25c; In cases, 31c
TURPENTINE —75c per gallon In cases and
69c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD—Red Lead, 7V4®
7%c ocr lb; White Lead. 7%@7%c; according
to quantity.
SUGAR —The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows per lb. In 100-lb' bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.25 c;
Powdered 6.10 c; Candy Granulated, 6.10 c: Dry
Granulated, fine, 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6c: Fruit Granulated. 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 5.90 c; Confectioners' A, 6c;
Majrnolla A, 6.60 c; Extra C. 5.50 c; Golden C,
5.40 c; "D," 5.30 c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. SOc more; 60-lb bags,
10c mote for all kinds. Tablets—Half barrels,
6.5 Cc; boxes, 6.75 c; H. & E. Crystal Domtnos.
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev
enty-five barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY, DECEMBER 31.
Flour qr sks... 4,9oolßrandy. gala 2.000
Wheat ctls 4,3741 Wine gals 16.400
Barley' ctls s,62s!Shorts, sks 340
Oats ctls 80lj Potatoes sks 6,374
Rye ctls \ 969 Bran, sks 555
Tallow, ctls 7 Middlings, sks ... 650
Leather rolls .k. 61 Hay. tons 264
Hides No *. 1,008 Hops, bales 65$
Pelts ' bdls ..... 90 Wool, bales 71
Paper, rolls ... I.27o|Beans, sks 1,569
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 7.5001 Potatoes, sks .... 1.489
Wheat, ctls 4.1 W
EASTERN.
Flour, qr sks... 800! Oats, ctls 440
STOCK MARKET.
All the Local Exchanges Stand Closed
TJntil Tuesday.
The South Berkeley Savings Bank has de
clared a semi-annual dividend at the rate of
8.30 per cent per annum on all deposits, pay
able January 3. - •
The Mackay Companies has declared a regu
lar quarterly dividend of 1 per cent on the
preferred stock and the first dividend of 1
per cent on the common stock, that on the
latter being for a period not Stated.
The regular annual meeting of the stock
holders of the Spring Valley Water Company
has been called for January 11.
The Mergenthaler Linotype Company paid a
regular quarterly dividend of 2% per cent
and an extra dividend of 5 per cent yesterday.
The Makawell Sugar Company has declared
a regular monthly dividend of 20 cents per
share, payable January 16.
PORTO RICANS '
GIVEN ADVICE
Army Doctor Says Natives
Would Be Healthy if They
Obeyed Laws of Sanitation
NEW YORK, Dec. 31.—A letter from
Major L. L. Seaman, who has privately
been investigating conditions among
the inhabitants of Porto Rico, states
that the death rate there and the anae
mic condition of the rural poulation
are due to the so-called hookworm,
known to science as "ankylostoma
duodenale," which recently was stated
to be highly prevalent in the Southern
States and all tropical countries.
When fully developed the worm
sometimes attains a length of three
quarters ot an inch. Treatment of 5000
cases and exhaustive investigation by
a medical commission extending over
the year show, according to Major
Seaman, that the disease produced by
the worm has caused more than SO per
cent of the deaths in Porto Rico.
The parasite is really a blood sucker.
Its development requires about two
months, and its work in the intestines
has been found to greatly reduce the
red corpuscles of the blood vessels.
Some of the patients examined show
under microscopic tests only 25 per
cent of the normal amount of blood.
One man had only 13 per cent. The
blood boro a pinkish tint, almost as
light as water. At least 90 per cent
of the rural population of the island
is asserted to be affected by the rav
ages of the parasite, almost destroy
ing their energy. Three or four doses
of thymol or of beta-naphthol have
generally proved the most successful
treatment.
A successful campaign of sanitation,
teaching the rural population to use
the simplest sanitary methods in ev
ery-day life, would, Major Seaman de
clares, turn Porto Rico into a garden
spot and the majority of Its inhab
itants into a healthy, happy, red-blood
ed people. Unsanitary habits have
been inherited, he asserts, and the
present generation can scarcely be held
responsible. '
MANY NEW BUILDINGS
ERECTED IN LOS ANGELES
Operations During Year Just Passed
Exceed All Others in History of
Southland City.
LOS ANGELES, Dec 31. —Accord-
ing to the report of Building Superin
tendent Krause the year Just closed
has exceeded all other years in the>
history of Los Angeles in building
operations. The number of building*
permits issued during 1904 is 7090,
against 6895 for 1908. The total cost
of the improvements is $13,409,062.
Bicycle Thief Sent to Penitentiary
STOCKTON, Dec. 31.—Charles
Reynolds, three weeks from Pittsburg,
was to-day sentenced by Judge Nuttet
to seven years in San Quentin fo>
grand larceny for having stolen a
bicycle. He pleaded guilty. Reynolds
was also detected In the theft of a
suit of clothes from a valise left at
the Santa Fe depot.
AUCTION SALES
£?s
Don't forget the big closing out sals of
HORSES. WAGONS, SURREYS, all kinds of
rubber-tire buggies, carts, all kinds of harness.
TUESDAY, Jan. 3, 11 a. m.. at 1140 FOLSOM
st. WM. CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
January, 1905.
S. M. T. I W.| T. \F.| 8. Moon's Phases
1 2 3 4 6 6 7 A New Moos
. W Jan. $.
8 9 10 11 12 13 14 QrT"
22 23 24 25 26 27 28
29 30 31 Jan. 27.
SITE SUBWAY
FROM FLOODING
Bursting of a Water Main
Threatens Damage to Goth
am's Underground Road
DAM DIVERTS WATERS
Quick Work of a Pick and
Shovel Gang Prevents Eep
itition of Recent Disaster
NEW YORK, Pec. SI. —Quick work
by a gang of men with plcka and shov
els early to-day prevented a repetition
of the flood in the Subway which oc
curred two weeks ago through the
bursting of a water main. A thirty
six-inch pipe burst near One Hundred
and Forty-flfth street and Broadway
and threw a stream of water high in
the air. In a minute it was pouring
into the Subway station and a doaen
passengers made a timely escape on a
train, suffering only a slight wetting.
Men were hurried to the ecene and
succeeded in diverting the flood in an
other direction by building a dam. Cel
lars all about were flooded and the wa
ter reached a depth of eighteen inchea
in the street.
About the break the water boiled into
a foam aa it came from the gTound and
then took a course down grade on One
Hundred and Forty-seventh street
and thence to the Hudson River. Traf
fic along the Upper Broadway section
came to a stop. All along in the side
streets, between One Hundred and
Thirty-seventh and One Hundred and
Fortieth streets, houses on both sides
were soon flooded by the thousands of
tons of water. Tenants took alarm and
began to pack their belongings prep
aratory to moving ou\. Many thought
it would be unsafe to even remain in
their homes and started to leave only to
find that the water was too deep to
make wading safe. Not a cellar from
Broadway to the river was left dry.
Assistance was called from the water
department, but on the arrival of the>
workmen it was foi nd they had no key
large enough to shut the gates con
trolling the main and it was more than
an hour before the water finally
stopped Mowing. The entire water sup
ply of the city below Harlem and above
Thirty-fourth street will be affected.
The main which broke is one of the
two pressure service mains which sup
ply the entire section west of Broad
way.
RAILROADS CONCUR IN NEW
RATE ON FLOUR SHIPMENTS
Northern Pacific Company Makes an
Announcement of Importance to
Wheat Growers.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 81.—The
Northern Pacific Railroad has an
nounced that on January 3 the 52Hj
cent rate on flour recently made from
all points east of Ellensburg to Chi
cago and Missouri River points will
be concurred in by the Chicago and
Northwestern. Chicago, St. Paul. Min
neapolis and Omaha and the Chicago,
Milwaukee and St. Paul roads. Here
tofore the rate has been common to
the Northern Pacific and Burlington
roads only. The rate will also apply
to Peoria over the Chicago, St. Paul.
Minneapolis and Omaha and the Chi
cago Northwestern lines.
BRITISH AUTHORITIES
FORTIFYING ESQUIMALT
Definite Programme Is Being Pursued,
Notwithstanding Removal of the
Naval Station.
VICTORIA, B. C Dec. 31. —While
the British Admiralty is considering
the reduction of the Esquimau fleet
and virtual abandonment of the sta
tion, the army is increasing its forti
fication work. The military authori
ties have a definite programme for tha
defenses and ara carrying it out with
out, respect to the naval changes.
Plans are being made for a new fort
which was proposed some time ago at
Red Hill. Orders have been received
at Esquimau to ship the naval store*
now on hand as well as some on tha
way by a steamer due next week to
Sydney, Australia.
Railroad Franchise Is Extended.
SAN DIEGO. Dec 81.—The City
Council has granted an extension tor
one year of the franchise given to tha
San Diego Eastern Railway Company
several years ago. A committee repre»
senting the dh-ectors is now ln tha
East looking after details of financing
the railroad.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JONOPAH\
fSWCK LISTED BYTHE!
ISA* FRAMmo STOCKS
S EXCHANGE BOARD - 1
C TStAMSA€TIOMS >
DIG AT GOLDFIELD
Put your money where it will grow. Two
valuable Ooldfleld, Hevada. stocka—one
selling at 10c, the other at 7c
\ Hi> TWO FO 10c
Until January 10th. Tha Best Offar yet
Mads la Goldfleld Shares. Pictures and
Whole Story free.
XiASrsrOSJD r. BUTLER, Secretary
Pifth Floor. Mack Block, Denver. Colo.
TheAßTof WISE lI*V -STING
A book evtry investor In the land should
read Points out the essential oliaraeterlstiea
of safe securities, with a review of financial
pitfalls, etc. Written in an entertaining,
popular style. Just issued. Pries par
oobt in cloth. SI: by mail, 81.06.
MOODT PUBLISHING CO-
te STassau Street. Bow Tort Otlft
25. 26
POMONA CAS ORDINANCE
IS HELD TO BE VALID
Supreme Court Finds City Fathers
Violated No Statnte in Estab
lishing Limit to Chant**.
Pomona's ordinance making it a
misdemeanor for any one to charge
more than $150 for a thousand feet
Of gas was sustained by the Supreme
* 't-urt yesterday. The Recorder's
Court judgment imposing a fine and
imprisonment upon an employe of the
city's gas company for attempting to
collect a rate higher than that pre
scribed by the. ordinance is also de
clared to be legal. "
In the future the inhabitants of the
southern municipality will have gas
for "heating, cooking and illuminat
ing" for $1 50 a thouaand feet, unless
the corporation controlling the pro
duct becomes generous and charges
less.' The defendant company claimed
the city fathers had no right to pass
such-a restrictive ordinance, and sec
ondly that there was no authority for
imposing fine aiid imprisonment upon
those who might violate the provi
sion.
Swindles Many Merchants
Joseph O'Brien was booked at the
City' Prison yesterday by Detectives
Dirian. " Wren and ODea on three
charges ~>f misdemeanor embezzle
jtienL ' He had been employed as a
driver for the R. B. Special Delivery
Company," but was discharged. After
his discharge it is alleged that he went
•Into business houses where he saw the
flag out for the delivery company, and,
representing that he was still in its
employ, obtained the packages. In
this way he got four packages of
< igars from Greenhood, Reese & Co.
and two packages of cigars from the
Ldchtenstein-Curutii Company, besides
many others. An old warrant had
been standing- against him for embez
zling money while employed as a
driver for F. A. Holbrook.
M Closing-Out Sale
Domestic
Department
i Begins Tuesday, January 3d
When we rearranged our store a year ago we considered that ample room (the entire sec
ond floor) had been given the Ready-to-Wear Garment Department. But it is the unexpected
that always happens. Busitiess on the second floor has increased to such an extent that more
room is necessary.
We have decided to move the Waist Department to the first floor, and to make room there
the Domestic Department will be closed out and discontinued altogether. The sale begins Tues
day morning. Everything in the department goes—no reservations. *
Canvass your future wants and come expecting one dollar to do the work of two.
COMFORTERS—FiIIed with sani- TABLE DAMASK — Silver COLORED SILK MULL—Va
tary cotton; |x.?S Cfl |Q bleached German linen; riety of colors; regular
quality »Pl*lT 95c quality; yard UUC 25c quality: yard lIC
QUILTS—Two kinds: Marseilles NAPK I N S — Silver bleached MERCERIZED MADRAS AND
and Crochets; ready for use; damask; different patterns; $1.75 BRILLIANTS — Fancy white;
$2.00 quality |(J quality; dozen $1.15 regular 35c quality; yard
BLANKETS-White and gray; T WHITE DIMITIES — Fancy
.large sizes; $2.00 «| }A J*!* sS S, \f&f* check designs; regular QIA„
quality; pair iaHc quality; yard.... 0/3 C
SHEETS—3 sizes; good qualities; FLANNELETTE — Cashmere PERCALES—36 inch; best qual
-72-90, 81-90, 90-00; ready CQ p ' flannelette; fancy figured; L~ >ty; light and dark; ia^c
for use; 75c quality *J7W I2 i^ c qua iity ; yard OC quality; yard OC
PILLOW CASES—Size . 42x36; ALL-WOOL FLANNELS — For GINGHAMS AND SEERSUCK
hemmed; 15c quality Q_ waists, wrappers, etc.; 300 *\ r ERS—Best quality, in QlZ^
quality; yard &ftV stripe designs; yard... 0/2 L
CRASH—AII pure linen Scotch EMBROIDERED FLANNEL — SUEDE FLANNELS — French
srash; i2V % c quality; yard Q p White, for. Skirts; $1.00 CO* make; regular 85c qual- j Q
quality; yard JOL ity; yard ftOC
We have quoted only one price in each line. Hundreds more to consider.
Clearance Sale of Coats.
Suits <m
and Skirts /ifffife M- 1
....begins.... (M -Jug jEdEf
Tuesday, January 3d Mr j9]]< s3}l^!j
Every Coat, Suit and Skirt has been gone i w\L 1 > I Iv © \\\
over and a price made that will make a quick | Hy 1 LjlA J I*Jpt
and .decisive clearance. We will carry no / I Jp>\ j f^jX
goods over from this season to the next —we / I \'' N I \\
The garments we offer during this clear- m \
ance can be worn for three months yet. They 'A n m M \V\ \
are late styles, the work of the world's best U *Mf ILG \V\ \
designers and makers. »[ 5// \\\ \
The sale will begin Tuesday morning. (/V ||\
Here are three items which indicate how the 111 \
$12.00 Coats, $5.00 $25.00 Suits, $10.00 $7.50 Skirts, $3.98
TWO LINES: BLOUSE, Eton and coat effects. Plenty of Styles—all new. The ma
-37-inch Kersey Tourist Coats, in in cloth, cheviot, velvet and mix- terials are cloth, cheviot and
cas . t °i,' 5 2? 225 tures. Colors are black, navy. mixtures, in black, blue and in
loose, semi-nttea ana ntted . . _ . ... .
backs; trimmings of inlaid vel- brown and gray. Over ao lines the mixtures; all shades.
vet, stitching, braid and buttons; are represented. YouH find all They are particularly well made
satin lined. the late style ideas; they are too Walking Skirts and a very excep-
Tight-fitting Jackets, in tan covert numerous to describe. Just re- tional value at the old price—
and black cheviot; collar less and member our reputation for carry- $ 7
coat collars; strapped and welted ing the best in suits and come «, , • * * v
seams; stitched velvet trim- Tuesday to get 4/\ #\/\ We ateo mclu ae about so short
mings; extremely stylish. $17.50, $20.00 and J||ffl f|ffj train dress skirts worth $10 at
Both lines sold for *im $25.00 values for 4* *>**•>/>/ game clearance *m n
$10 and $12; Clear- -DJ.IJII Girls' and Misses' Suits are also price \\ UK
ance sale price included in the clearance. apa/a /U
CLEAN-UP SALE OF KID GLOVES 7*~
$1.00, $1.25 and $1.50 Qualities » ****
A lot of broken lines and odd sizes brought from the world's greatest glove-maker,
"Perrin," which we can offer at a very special price. They are perfect—not damaged or
shopworn—and represent the leading styles in both kid and suede.
The regular values are $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50.
——————■_ mm ________——— mm—mmm, _ mmmmmm
St. 2). So vis & Co,
Cor. Scary and Srant Jive.
CONTEST FOR DIVORCE
MUST BE TRIED AGAIN
Assistant Cashier Smith of Southern
Pacific Company Loses Appeal
to Supreme court.
Charles H. Smith, assistant cashier
of the Southern Pacific Company,
must appeal once more to the courts
if he wishes to be divorced from his
wife, Josephine. The Supreme Court
decided yesterday that Judge Mur
asky's order granting a new trial of
the case was valid. The case has been
in the courts for about four years and
meanwhile the railroad man has been
contributing $100 a month.
Smith began the suit on the ground
that he had been treated with extreme
cruelty. The contest attracted un
usual Interest because Mrs. Smith dis
pensed with the services of lawyers
and appeared in her own behalf. She
spent four days cross-examining her
husband, to the immeasurable delight
of those who wanted to learn the fam
ily's secrets.
One day she sent word to Judge
Daingerfleld that she was ill and could
rot appear. He refused to allow a
continuance and granted Smith a di
vorce. Mrs. Smith then engaged Judge
Cotton to manage the defense and he
secured an order granting a new trial.
Smith appealed to the Supreme Court.
Promote the secretions of the urine
and renew the enervated kidneys by
using Lash"s Kidney and Liver Bitters. •
Boy Find* idtotbert Medicine,
Vernon Robinson, a bright, curly
haired boy, aged three years, while
rummaging through the house at 507
Pine street yesterday, found a bot
tle of consumption cure, which he
disposed of at one draught. He then
turned his attention to a box of tab
lets containing a mixture of belladon
na. His stomach was pumped out at
the Emergency Hospital by Dr. C. A.
Millar.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1905.
BANK CLERKS OFFICIALLY
CLASSED AS LABORERS
Japanese Gentleman on Way to New
York Is Denied Landing on
That Ground.
Bank clerks are regarded by the
United States Immigration officials as
laborers, and under this ruling Kwa
nichi Miyamoto has been denied a land
ing at this port, and will be detained
pending the decision of the Department
of Commerce and Labor at Washing
ton. Miyamoto told United States Im
migrant Inspector D. J. Griffiths that
he was going to New York to take a
clerical position in the branch of the
Yokohama Specie Bank in that city at
a salary of $72 per month. The local
officials therefore regard him as a con
tract laborer, and will detain him here
pending orders from the department.
The precedent for this action was es
tablished in the case of Kenneth
Harper, a bank clerk, who came from
Canada to take a clerkship in the Brit
ish Bank of North America:- It was
then decided by the department that
imported bank clerks were contract la
borers, and Harper was accordingly
deported.
Fat Folks
I reduced my weight 70 pounds, bust 6
inches, waist 6 inches and hips M inches In a
short time by a guaranteed harmless remedy
without exercise or starving. I will tell you all
about it. Inclose stamp. Address MRS. K. M.
RICHARDS, 22« E. »th st.. Riverside, Cal. •
Mayor Names Temporary Secretary.
Mayor Schmitz yesterday appointed
Theodore Keane as his secretary pro
tempore while Secretary George B.
Keane is in Sacramento as State Sen
ator from the Twenty-third District.
The new appointee is a brother of
Senator Keane and will assume the
position at once, as the latter leaves
for Sacramento to-night. At the ex
piration of the session of the Legisla
ture George Keane will resume the
secretaryship.
WANT TO PROVE
WILL A FORGERY
Contestants Demand Right
to Inspect Genuine Hand
writing of Samuel Davis
CODICIL IN QUESTION
It Is Said Comparison Will
Show Testament Waa Not
Signed by, Millionaire
Experts in handwriting will play a
prominent part in the pending contest
of the codicil to the will of Samuel
Davis, the eccentric millionaire who
died last April. A statement of the
contestants' purpose to use every
means toward the proof that the cod
icil was written and signed by other
than Davis is contained in a notice
and affidavit filed in the case yester
day by Attorney Carter P. Pomeroy,
representing Mary Q. Stone, niece of
the deceased, and the Mercantile Trust
Company, executor of the estate of
Henry W. Davis, who was a nephew
of the df-ad capitalist.
Pomeroy notities Executor Julius
Reis that on January 6, in Judge Ker
rigan's court, he will move for an
der compelling Rels to produce all of
the documents in his possession, in
Davis' handwriting, in order that they
may be photographed and submitted
to the inspection of the contestants'
expert witnesses and attorneys. It is
stated that a demand was made upon
Reis November 9 for an opportunity
to scrutinize the documents, but he
then refused and now refuses to dis
play them. Some of the documents
in question, it is said, were written and
signed by Davis on March 17, the date
of the alleged codicil, and the contest
ants frankly state that they will prove,
by a comparison of the genuine and
admitted writings, that the codicil was
neither written, signed nor dated by
Davis, but by some one else. The cod
icil Is written in pencil and is very
faint.
Davis' first will, dated February 21.
1898. which was admitted to probate
before the codicil was found, made no
disposition of the property worth more
than a million and a half of dollars,
but named Julius Reis as executor. Un
der it the estate would go to the heirs
at law, who were his sister. Jane
Davis, aged 87, his niece. Mary G.
Stone, and nephew, Henry W. Davis.
Recently both the sister and nephew
have died. The codicil materially dis
arranged this distribution, half of the
property being left to the sister, $130,
-000 disposed of in specific bequests and
the residue bequeathed to grand nieces
and grand nephews. The contestants
hope evidently lies In their ability to
prove that the codicil was a forgery.
BEAUTIFUL SERVICE
FOR A DEAD SISTER
Order of the Eastern Star Pays Trib-
ute to Memory of Mrs. Belle
W. Conrad.
The funeral service over the re
mains of the late Mrs. Belle Wingfleld
Conrad, who during her lifetime waa
deeply interested in fraternal associa-.
tidns, was held yesterday in part at
her former home. 408 Haight street,
and in part in the mortuary chapel
of the Odd Fellows' Cemetery. At the
home there was a meeting of sorrow
ing friends, with the opening of the
service of the Episcopal church, the
rendering of music by a quartet and
a eulogy by Past Grand President Mrs.
Mary E. Tillman of the Native Daugh
ters, after which the casket contain
ing the remains was removed from the
midst of magnificent floral offerings
contributed by friends and societies
by the following pallbearers: United
States Marshal J. H. Shine, Henry
Landerkin, J. McDonald, Arthur D.
Coddington, Angus McKay and Wil
liam Fa hey.
At the Odd Fellows' chapel the cere
mony was conducted by the Jtev. S. J.
Lee of the Episcopal Mission and the
officers of Golden Gate Chapter of the
Order of the Eastern Star, these offi
cers officiating at the request of tho
daughter of the deceased. The Knick
erbocker quartet rendered several se
lections.
Among- the many large floral pieces
was one from the Order of the East
ern Star representing the central star
in its Aye colors, a large representation
of the emblem of the Native Daugh
ters and a beautiful floral tablet from
Oabrlelle Parlor. N. D. G. W.
In the passing- away of Mrs. Con
rad the several orders to which she
belonged, particularly the Native
Daughters, nave lost a loyal worker
and a sincere fraternal member. She
was a member of Dardanelles Parloi
of Sonora, past grand president of the
Grand Parlor of the Native Daughters
of the Golden West, a past grand pro
tector of the Knights and Ladies of
Honor and a past worthy matron of
Tuolumne Star Chapter of the Order
of the Eastern Star. She was not only
a fraternal worker, but was a very
charitable woman and always ready t&
assist the needy, doing all such work
without ostentation and seeking no re
ward but the consciousness of having
aided people deserving of help.
HOLDERS! OF MONTGOMERY
AVENUE BONDS FILE SUIT
Three Actions Against State of Call-
fornia Beprun for Redemption
of Old Securities.
The law firm of Stratton & Kaufman
yesterday filed three suits in the Supe
rior Court against the State of CaKfor
nla on behalf of as many holders of
Montgomery avenue bonds. The com
plaints are similar to the ones filed
some time ago by the Union Trust
Company and others who are seeking
to recover the value and Interest on
these matured but unpaid securities.
The history of the transaction from the
passage of the law in 1872 authorizing
the Improvement, down to the refusal
of th<> authorities to redeem the paper,
is given in detail.
J. A. Folger owns eighteen bonds and
forty-six coupons; he sues for $18,000
principal, $24,840 interest andy Interest
on each coupon from the date of its
maturity. George Whittell holds fifty
two bonds and 545 coupons upon which
he sues for $52,000 principal and $71,760
Interest and Interest on the coupons.
Charles Josselyn wants $10,000 for ten
bonds, $13,500 interest and accrued in
terest on forty-flve coupons that have
matured since ISBO.
Music at the Park.
The following programme will be
rendered at Golden Gate Park to-day:
March, "Happy New Tear" (Dewey):
overture to Rossini's "Stabat Mater"
(Mercadante); waits, "Beautiful
Blue Danube" (Strauss); selection.
"Robin Hood" (De Koven); selection
of English, Scotch and Irish aira, "Al
bion" (Baetens); overture, "Orpheus"
(Offenbach); (a) intermezzo, ■ "Caval
leria Rusticana" (Mascagni), (b)
song, "The Holy City" (Adams); selec
tion. "The Prince of Pilsen" (Luders);
caprice, "The Awakening of the Lion"
(De Kontsky); Military March No. 1
(Schubert); "America,"
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wise Work Means Success!
_ These long winter evenings afford a fine opportunity for home .
i stU(J y- with cas y chair and sli PP crs and stud y lam P- the qulct
I I fore bedtime invite one to do something worth while.
UUUllffl lis ill I lil je± f These hours are your own private property. The busy woria 01
the day is shut out. while they give you the one best chance lor scu
nf m W WW- ' S ') advancement. W tw.l*m uo hi n ihem ?
■ This great, pressing, question is answered once tor
if you have at hand that splendid home library, the
4 NEW WERNER 20TH CENTURY
ENCYCLOPAEDIA BRITANNICA!
UJLmI || __ii||yplf f Its 31 massive volumes contain a grand total of 35,000 double-col-
umn pages—equal to no less than 500 books the size of the ordinary
iM*i^iill^ii§ii(*(i~iMl » novel! And in order that you may employ your reading hours to the
I^Egassafe2 very best advantage, a Guide volume has been prepared, outlining 73
MjinWTllkJll II ' iY tW different courses of reading and study to meet your every need. You
g^^^l^^^ cannot mention a single subject about which men talk or think that j
doesn't receive attention from foremost authorities in this complete
HOME TRAINING SCHOOL.
¥$ inffi^^\l»st|- j t has behind it the greatest faculty Of scholars and specialists ever
I assembled—far outnumbering the combined faculties of the great col-
leges of to-day. These authorities tell you in simple, straightforward
////' iKifll llSlil terms just what you want md need to know. Every trade, every science,
s^ v every profession is laid bare to you. The 'knowledge of the world is
mlluWiWiffu summed up and placed at your elbow.
There is also the best of all libraries of INTERESTING READ-
Wlllfffl" FTw lIS,T G the nfe stories of great men. the accounts of famous battles, the
I frillHli*(«& rise and fall of empires and the exploration of strange lands. In a
V^fflgfefeii^ffef^^m^^ sl f word, this Encyclopaedia not only tells you what to read, but supplies
ALL THE MATERIAL. With its friendly aid your winter nights will j
mm^^^^^^. "Plllsl l nd work means s u ccessJ <
AN UNUSUAL SHORT-TIME OFFER.
Believing that this standard work should be in reach of every home, j
the American Newspaper Association has made arrangements with its j
publishers to distribute the entire last edition DIRECT TO READ- '
I 111 ERS at a saving of nearly FIFTY PER CENT. Little-at-a-time pay- ;
mcnts are also allowed « amou ntin g to ONLY TEN CENTS A DAY. |
W&Utl CI Secures ~ Boo kcase
'P 1 & Set... FREE!
yLsiilljiW But our special offer at fifty per cent . ,
rPmnfWHy 7 discount is limited. You must be prompt We have on hand a
I 111 llifill llEtll II 'lli'll /IP to bp mire of a set of the New Werner small number ot attrac-
PpM{Hal^ji^tif^Hl'mtilifTwentieth Century Edition before tha tive bookcases, made es-
J- inevitable advance in price. By our easy pecially to hold a set of
payment plan you can secure a set on the this Britannica. These
payment of one dollar, and the remainder bookcases will be given
dl:.J f »JI. -tJ'WJh*. can be pa,d at the rate of *•* caat " * d * 7 free of charge to readers
1 for a Bhort t,me ' . Cut OUt - t iiw lnq lH y who respond promptly to
COUP ° n ? n l t mal \ t this advertisement Mail
(-fti -g-HTtf yon are looking at it—and let us tell you H.lnur
more about this remarkable book bar- the coupon below at
IE ~ gain. The coupon below brings attract- once.
\ W^m^^^^fti^'i^^^^^^^^y l tive sample pages and full particulars.
Mail this coupon to-day for particulars of our great offer to CALL. J
J The American Newspaper Association
PAEBOTT BLDO.. 880 UABKET ST.. SAN FRANCISCO. OAL.
Please send (without cost to me) sample pages and particulars of
os your New Werner Twentieth Century Edition Encyclopaedia Bri
_si /iiassive voiun _ .„ , ,-.„,,_„„
tannica offer. (Bookcase Coupon.)
lAVolght About 200 Lbs.
86 volumes, ninth edition. Name .„ .. Street - -
With New American Articles.
6 VOLUMES. AMERICAN ADDITIONS. Town State
Haw Edition, Revised to 1908. SAN FRANCISCO CALL BUREAU
1 VOLUME. GUIDE TO 8 1 B'l'UMATIO j
READING AND STUDY. I 11 ,J '
CITIZEN GETS JUDGMENT
AGAINST PARK POLICEMAN
Officer Had No Right to Imprison
Castlehun for Walking on Path
Not Ordered Closed.
The evident good faith of Policeman
N. R. Norton in arresting F. J. Castle
hun on a summer Sunday two years
ago for attempting to leave Golden
Gate Park by a forbidden path served
to save the officer from a charge of
malicious arrest, but the fact that the
citizen had a right to travel the path
in Question made his imprisonment a
good ground for damages. In decidlng
Castlehun's suit yesterday Judge Sea
well found that he had been falsely
imprisoned and gave judgment against
Norton for $26. The money is not
much, but Castlehun is vindicated.
The facts in the case follow: Prior
to July 13. 1902, In order to save the
Sunday concert crowds from danger.
Sergeant Coogan instructed Policeman
N. R. Norton not to permit persons to
leave the park by way of a certain
path near Ninth avenue. Castlehun
started on the path in question, when
Norton halted him and told him to take
another thoroughfare. The citizen de
clared that he had a right to use the
path and intended to exercise it. Then
Norton placed him under arrest, took
him ..to the Stanyan street station,
searched him and had him conveyed to
the Hall of Justice, where he was re
leased on bail, and next day the case
was dismissed.
Castlehun sued for damages for ma
licious arrest and false imprisonment.
Judge Seawell holds that Norton be
lieved he was doing his duty for the
public good and bore no ill will toward
the plaintiff. He was acting under Coo
gan's orders, but there was no written
or posted order from the Park Com
missioners, and, says the court, even If
the Commissioners individually had or
dered the policeman to keep the path
closed on Sundays it would not have
availed, as the orders must be posted.
Therefore the damages for false Im
prisonment were awarded.
MARKS STONE ORDINANCE
EFFECTIVE AT EARLY DATE
Supervisors Favor July 1. 1905, In-
stead of January 1, 1906, for
Operation of Law,
The Supervisors' Health Committee
yesterday recommended that the
amended ordinance prohibiting the
keeping of swine within the city limits,
except ln that portion known as
Butchertown, go Into effect on July
1, 1905, instead of January 1, 1906,
as passed to print on December 27.
Representatives of the Reis tract and
districts where hog ranches are al
leged to be nuisances urged that the
operation of the ordinance be hasten
eo in order that the bad conditions ln
residential quarters might be rem
edied. The ordinance as amended will
be considered by the rull board next
Tuesday afternoon.
Passes Worthless Check.
Chester B. Ellis, a stock broker, ob-
tamed a warrant from Police Judg-e
] Cabanisa yesterday for the arrest of
|H. E. Vickery on a charge of passing
a fictitious check. Vickery was a
friend of Ellis and borrowed $20 from
him. A few days later he gave Ellis
a check for $62 60 on the American
Nutional Bank, purporting to be sign
ed by H. G. Garrison, and got the bal
ance of $42 50 in cash. The check
wat presented for payment to the bank
and Ellis was informed that Garrison
was not known there.
The telephone girl is always a
ringer for some one else.
GIVES FAREWELL DINNER
TO FORMER ASSOCIATES
Judge James P. Brown Entertains
Members of Law Department of
United Railroads.
Judge James P. Brown, the newly
appointed clerk of the United States
District Court, gave a farewell dinner
at De.monico's at noon yesterday *o
those who have been associated with
him in the law department of the
United Railroads of San Francisco.
General Counsel Tirey L. Ford act
ed as toastmaster and with a pleasing
speech presented to the genial host
an elegant punch bowl on behalf of
those' present.
Judge Brown accepted the gift, ex
prtssing his deep regret at .severing
his happy connections with such gen
ial associates.
Those present were Tlrey L. Ford,
Wiliam M. Abbott, Charles P. Gale,
Milton J. Green. A. J. Griffith, George
K. Ford, James F. Sheehan, Joha J.
Cassidy and Harry J. Griffith.
Talks on Bird life.
Professor William F. Bade of the
Prsebyterian Theological Seminary de
livered a lecture on "The Birds of
California" before the members of the
ADVERTISEMENTS. n .._ t
$6.00
With heavy brass mountings, double straps,
extra strong hinges and lock, hardwood slats
and extra dress tray.
Trunks, Bags
and Valises
At* Greatly Reduced Prices
For the Next 30 Days
A. B. SMITH CO.
116 ELLIS STREET
NEAR POWELL
IF YOU ARE LOOKING
For a good Investment ln a
lodging-house or a place of
business of any kind that will
pay you a good profit, consult
the Business Chance and Lodg
ing-House Columns of THE
CALL, in which you can always
And bargains in legitimate busi
ness propositions.
Collegiate Alumnae at the Sorosls Club
yesterday afternoon. About fifty of
the members enjoyed the talk and
later partook of luncheon.
Where to Go To-Day.
Round trio to Sauaaltto. 35c: Mill Valley,
40c: Ross Valley, Fairfax or 3an Rafael, 50r;
SausaJlto ferry connecting; with North Shora
electric departs at 7:06. 7:45, 8:25. 8:10. 0.50.
11:00 a. m., 12:30. 1:45. 3:16. 4:35, 5:16. 6:80.
6:30, 7:15, 10:16 and 11:3."> p. m. Return on
any of 16 trains and boata. Round trlpa oc
cupy one hour or as many more hours aa de
sired. Mount Tamalpala and return, $1 90. at
8:25. 9:50. 11:00 a. m. and 1:45 p. tn. Trip
occuplee four or more hour*. Ticket* at Sau
salito ferry, north end of ferry building, foot
of Market atraet. •
"An imitation i* a mere parrot," re
plied the Wise Guy. "Yes." agreed
the Simple Mug. "but even a parrot
may not be as green as he looks."VOLUME XCVII—NO. 32
LEGISLATORS GATHER AT CAPITAL
TO STUDY THE POLITICAL FIELD
Several Fights for Preferment Are Settled
TWO -PROMINENT ASPIRANTS FOR THE HONOR OF BEINO CHOSEN PRESIDENT PRO TEM OF THE SENATE WHEN
•IT CONVENES AT SACRAMENTO AND WELL-KNOWN MEMBER OF THE ASSEMBLY WHO WILL BE, IN ALL
PROBABILITY, TEMPORARY PRESIDING OFFICER OF THE HOUSE.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 31.—The gath-
ering legislators are content to sit to
night, and watch the good people of
this city let bedlam loose ln frenzied
welcome to the New Year. A quiet
discussion on topics political is im
possible and many a fight is as yet
undeveloped, as no man of all the law
makers cares to express his views
through a megaphone—the only prac
tical way to wedge an opinion through
the hurricane of noise.
However, by what seems to be gen
eral consent, some things are prac
tically admitted. None of those here
question the fact that Frank C. Pres
cott is backed by the organization for
Speaker of the House and probably
will get the office. Lou Martin is also
conceded a victory in his ambition to
serve as sergeant at arms of the Sen
ate, and J. T. Stafford as sergeant at
aims of.the Assembly.
.For President pro tern, of the Sen
ate there is a contest between Edward
1.. Wolfe of San Francisco and Frank
W. Leavitt of Oakland, with the ma
jority holding the view that Wolfe is
in* the lead with every prospect of
carrying the victory. Jacob Step
pacher and Clio Lloyd are candidates
for chief clerk of the Assembly, each
with firm friends behind him, and the
outcome of this friendly race is in
d<,ubt.
L. A. Hilborn practically has been
conceded the secretaryship of the Sen
ate. • Candidates for the lesser offices
ar 'numerous, but they are awaiting
the arrival of a greater force of legis
lators before giving public announce
ment to their ambitions.
Senators John N. Anderson, John B.
Irish, Samuel 11. Kambo, Charles M.
Shortridge and E. F. Woodward and
Assemblymen Paul Arnerlch, F. W.
Barnes, R. H. E. Espey, Miguel Estu
dilio, R. H. Jury, S. H. Olmsted and
Ernest Weyand arrived here early this
afternoon, but their presence did not
stir things much. There was little
buttonholing indulged in by them and
it was plain that each was' awaiting
the arrival of greater numbers before
starting in the work of heating up the
caldron of political strife.
There was a smell of paint and new
ly plied soap in the Capitol building
to-day. Columbus and Isabella were
scrubbed as never before and no grime
now disfigures their Carara figures.
Paint was daubed wherever Time's ac
tion had told and when the Senate and
Assembly go into session Monday
morning to effect organization It will
be in chambers as fresh and bright as
THE WEATHER. -
Forecast made at San Francisco for
:hlrty hours, andlne; midnight. Jan
iaxT 1:
San Fraaclaoo and rlcinlty—Pair,
•ooier Sunday; light frost In morning;
Ipht north wind.
A O. McADIB,
District Forecaster.
' -i
the skill of the artisan could make
them.
List of Appropriations Required Is
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 31.—A list of
the appropriations that the University
of California expects to receive from
the present session of the Legislature
was presented to Governor Pardee to
day by a committee from the Board of
Regents, consisting of President Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler and Regents John
A. Britton, R. J. Taussig, Judge Charles
W. Slack and Attorney Charles Snook.
In addition to the general sum for
maintenance as fixed by law, appro
priations for an agricultural building
and a university farm were pointed out
as of being of prime importance. Pres
ident Wheeler stated that while plans
had been prepared for a $500,000 build
ing, the university would be content
with half that amount for the erection
of a portion of the structure. It was
stated that a good farm could be pur
chased for $100,000.
At the suggestion of the members of
the pedagogical department of the uni
versity a bill appropriating $10,000 for
a teachers' training school, to be con
ducted in conjunction with the univer
sity, will be presented.
That a special study of the diseases
of grapevines may be made under the
auspices of the university, an appro
priation of $5000 a year will be urged,
instead of $1500, granted two years ago.
The system of farmers' institutes has
grown to such an extent that $6000 will
be needed by the university agricultur
ists during the next two years to prop
erly carry out their work.
One of the most important appropria
tion bills that wiP be presented on be
half of the university will be an electric
power plant for the Lick Observatory.
Governor Pardee was told that if the
university were granted $10,000 a plant
worth ac least a third more than that
amount could be installed, as Director
W. W. Campbell had been promised
necessary machinery either as a gift or
at cost. The committee pointed out
the fact that at the present time the
observatory is lighted with kerosene
lamps that greatly endanger the place
and that the telescope mechanism has
to be moved by hand.
Governor Pardee waa noncommittal
as to the assistance he would be able
to give to thq proposed bills, nor would
he promise to sign any of them, de
claring that the financial demands on
the State are so heavy that he would
have to reserve his decision ln the mat
ter until a later date. «
President Wheeler departed to-night
THE M CALL
FI NDS FOR UNIVERSITY
Presented to tlie .Governor.
FORTY-TWO PAGES—SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1905—PAGES 27 TO 34:
to speak at Farmers' Institutes in San
ta F.arbara, Santa Paula and Ventura.
HARBOR COMMISSION REPORT.
Shows Unprecedented Increase in
Tonnage and Foreign Shipping.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 31.—The bien
nial report of the State Harbor Com
mission for the two fiscal years end
ing June 30, 1904, was submitted to the
Governor to-day. The report shows an
unprecedented increase in the tonnage
of foreign shipping. The commerce of
foreign ports with the port of San
Francisco has increased from an aver
age of 100 to 750 tens per diem in the
past wo years.
The increase in rental derived from
the State property along the water
front has been $50,000 over that of last
year. The total increase in revenue
over that of two years ago is $62,019.
The various items for which the $2,
-000,000 that the present Legislature is
expected to appzopriate for the seawall
is set forth in the report. These are:
For the seawall alone, $770,000: for pav
ing East street the entire length of the
proposed seawall. $125,000; for building
eleven modern cylindrical piers, 9600
feet in total length, $1,105,000.
The Commissic-n makes two com
plaints:
First—That the docking- privileges are
continually abused by shippers who by
using the docks for warehouse pur
poses encroach on the freight handling
facilities.
Second—That the sewage of the
Sixth-street main pollutes the water
and Increases the expense of dredging
The board recommends that the sew
er main in question be removed to
Second street and that the sewage be
carried to deep water. The Commis
sioners make the recommendation that
they be given entire control of the wa
ter front, for the reason that all vessels
are accommodated and that they are
net dependent upon the consent of in
dividuals or corporations for that ac
commodation. It is also recommended
that the State condemn seventy feet
more in addition to the 200 feet width
which the board now controls along the
water front. The Increase in shipping
interests demands this measure.
m
OXNARD IS CONFIDENT.
Says He Is in the Senatorial Fight to
Remain Until the Finish.
Personal activity on the part of
leading candidates for United States
Senator was noted yesterday by the
statesmen that assemble at the palm
Continued on Pace 28, Column S.
FEDERAL GRAND JURY INDICTS
MITCHELL AND HERMANN.
The indictment of United States Senator John Mitchell and Congressman Binger Hermann on a
charge of conspiring to defraud the Government and the removal from office of John M. Hall,
United States District Attorney for the district of Oregon, by President Roosevelt were the sen
sational developments yesterday in the Oregon land fraud cases.
STOESSEL
LOSES FORT
ONSIMSHU
. «
Japanese Take the
Mountain by
Storm,
Celebrate the Close ol the
Old Year With a
Victory.
Besiegers Are Said to Have Lost Four
Thousand Men in a Recent
Assau't
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOKIO, Jan. 1, 7 a. m.—Suncshu
Mountain (Canonia Hill) was stormed
and captured yesterday (Saturday) by
the Japanese forces besieging Port
Arthur.
TOKIO, Jan f» 11 a. m.—The Jap
anese have exploded and captured a
portion of the wall near Paidiing
Mountain. Suturshu MuunUtin, qap-y
turcd one of the lnnef>
defenses of Port Arthur.
TOKIO, Jan 1. 7:30 a. m.—The War
Department confirms the report of the
assault upon and capture of Sungshu
Mountain yesterday by the forces be
sieging Port Arthur. The attack be
gan after the capture of Rihlung
Mountain. At first It failed on ac
count of the protection which the Rus
sians enjoyed and the desperate char
acter of their defense. Yesterday at
10 o'clock in the morning the Jap
anese exploded a series of mines and
immediately assaulted the works,
which they entirely occupied by 11
o'clock. The Russians exploded a
series of mines as they retired. A por
tion of the garrison retreated south
ward. Another portion held the gorge,
where they were buried by the debist
thrown up by the explosion «f theit
own mines.
CHEFU, Dec. 31. — Heavy fighting
has been going' on for some time at
the positions stretching • between
Pigeon Bay and the new city of Port
Arthur. Eye-witnesses say that at one
of these positions the Russians lost
one-half of a detachment of 500 men.
One of these observers asserts that
the JaDanese in one of their attacks
ran into a terrific hail of shells from
quick-firers and lost 4000 . killed and
wounded. He Was employed by the
Japanese to assist in removing the
dead and wounded and picked up the
body of a Russian major general,
whose rank he recognized by his uni
form and insignia.
Chinese who arrived here to-night
from Dalny report that the Japanese
made a night attack on December 29
to the northeast of Port Arthur. The
Russians sortied, and, after three
hours' brisk fighting, the Japanese re
treated.
The refugees invariably state that
the Japanese greatly fear that the
Russians have mined the whole of the
city.
BERLIN. Dec. 31.—1n consequence
of the capture of Rihlung fort, Ger
many's most conservative military ob
servers—men like General Meckel —
feel Justified in forecasting- the fall of
Port Arthur not later than February
1. They regard the taking of Rihlung
as by far General Nogi's most import
ant achievement. They assert that if
the Japanese can hold that position
the real "beginning of the end" it>
Anally at hand.
It is pointed out that General Nogi
is able, for the first time, to attack
the main defenses of the fortress
through an enfilading fire on three
sides. As soon as he succeeds in plant
ing heavy artillery on Rihlung th««
Russians will be unable to withstand
long Japanese flanking attacks.
German critics declare that no army
in the «world could have done better
at Port Arthur than the Japanese and
that if they had captured the fortress
any sooner than they are likely to do
it would have been a military miracle.
RUSSIAN FINANCES.
Czar Has $620,000,000 ln Gold Stored
Away.
PARIS, Dec. 31.—1n connection with
the approaching Russian war loans in
Paris the following Interesting state
ment of th. Russian war finances was
furnished to the Associated Press to-
day from the highest source:
"The expense of the war up to No
vember SO amounted to $238,000,000, of
which $161,000,000 was for the army,
$41,000,000 for the navy and $35,500,000«
for various military requirements,
making about $22,500,000 a month.
"The outstanding credits up to the
same time were $126,000,000, of which
$63,000,000 was for the army, $31,000,000
for the navy and $12,000,000 for miscel
laneous purposes. That makes the
Continued to Page 28, Column 1. i
CRIMINAL
PROSECUTION
OF PACKERS
Warrants Issued lor
Agents ol M
Beef Trust
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HELENA, Mont., Dec. 31.—Still per
sisting in his efforts against alleged
trusts Attorney General James Dono
van to-day in the last hours of his
term of office began suits against the
alleged Beef Trust under the criminal
code. This is the first time in the his
tory of the United States where actions
were brought against an alleged trust
under this code.
The suits are brought against Ar
mour & Company, Swift & Company,
Cudahy & Company, the Hammond
Packing Company of Chicago and the
Hammond Packing Company of Pueb
lo, to prevent them doing business in
Montana. The defendants are charged
with conspiracy in unlawfully combin
ing to fix the price of certain articles
of commerce for consumption by the
people of Montana, and that in pur
suance of this conspiracy did actually
carry out a restriction of trade in the
sale of meat and meat products in this
State by creating a monopoly in the
sale of such articles. Upon the filing
of the complaints warrants were issued
for the arrest of the followlPT repre
sentatives of the packing companies,
having headquarters in Butte:
The Hamntond Packing Company of
Chicago and Pueblo, W. H. Meloy; Ar
mour & Company, J. Elliott; Swift &
Company, /H. G. Cuneo; Cudahv &
Company, Patrick Walsh. All were
released on $50 bonds, the agents being
required to appear in the District Court
here January 9.
Albert Galen, Attorney General-elect,
who on Monday will succeed Donovan,
said to-night that he had not had time
to formulate a policy in the cases in
stituted to-day by the Attorney Gen
eral, he having supposed when the Su
preme Court last week dismissed the
original suits filed under the organic
law that the matter was ended for all
time. It Is believed, however, that he
will conduct the suits along the lines
mapped out by his predecessor.
CLAIMS TO HAVE FOUND
CURE FOR SEASICKNESS
Retired French Naval Officer Says
Abdominal Band Will Prevent
Mai de Mer.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1005, by the New York
Herala Publishing Company.
PARIS, Dec. 31.—Dr. M. A. LeGrand,
one of the most eminent surgeons in
the French navy, now retired, believes
he has discovered the only sure pre
ventive of seasickness. This is nothing
more or less than a pliant band that
will sufficiently compress the abdomin
al wall to prevent the displacement of
the viscera. Researches conducted by
Dr. LeGrand show that this method
has been successful in 67 per cent of
cases. The strong point in favor of
the system is that the patient need not
modify his usual diet.
Guards for Election Books.
DENVER, D«c. 31. — The Supreme
Court to-day appointed two watchers
on behalf of the Republican party to
guard the registration books of the
city and county of Denver until after
the Investigation to be made under
the court's order. It is alleged by the
Republicans that the books contain
thousands of fictitious names that
were voted at the election on Novem
ber 8.
President Removes
District Attor
ney Hall.
Official Alleged to
Have Shielded
Suspects.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 31.—President
FEDERAL OFFICIALS INDICTED
FOR ALLEGED COMPLICITY IN
THE OREGON LAND FRAUDS.
Roosevelt to-day directed the removal
from office of John H. Hall, United
States District Attorney for Oregon.
Hall has been prosecuting officer of the
Government in the land fraud cases,
and the removal is made in conenction
with them.
The announcement of District Attor
ney Hall's removal was made by At
torney General Moody as he left the
White House after a conference with
the President. He declined to say what
charges, if any, had been made against
Hall, but added that for the good of the
service it was believed best to dispense
with him, particularly in connection
with the land fraud cases in Oregon,
the prosecution of which had been con
ducted by Hall.
Earlier in the day Senator Fulton of
Oregon had a talk with the President
concerning the land fraud cases.
Hall was indorsed for reappointment
by Senator Mitchell and Representa
tive Hermann of Oregon, both of
whom were to-day indicted in connec
tion wrth land frauds. The conduct of
the District Attorney's office at Port
land has been Inquired Into by the Gov
ernment representatives and reports of
the facts adduced have been transmit
ted here. The reports allege that there
has been obs'ruction of Justice; that
certain prominent men have been
shielded, and t.iat attempts have been
made to prevent certain parties giving
evidence ln'the land fraud cases. ,
Oliver E. Pagln of Chicago, special*
assistant attorney of the Department
of Justice, has been sent to Oregon to
assist In the prosecution of the land
fraud cases.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 31.—When
John M. Hall, United States District
Attorney for the District of Oregon,
was shown the dispatch from Wash
ington announcing the determination
of the President to relieve him ftom
office he was thunderstruck. He had
had no previous warning from Wash
ington that the blow would fall and
could not at first realize the import of
the matter. As the extent of the an
nouncement dawned upon nim he be
came violently angry, condemning
several of the officers of the Govern
ment in strong terms and denounc'ng
his removal as the act of personal
enemies. Later Hall became calm arid
discussed the situation coolly. He
made the following statement:
"If It Is true that the President has
removed me I have no knowledge of
what prompt&d him to take this ac
tion. I have not been advised by any
person of the nature of any charges
against me. But I Intend to go to the
bottom of this affair and have no fear
but that I can convince any fair man
that I have never been guilty of any
act while ln office that would even re
flect any discredit upon me.
"I do not even know who has pre
ferred the charges against me.
SHI THEATWIUL
ALCAZAR—"OId Held«lherg." Matl
dm to-day.
CALIFORNIA —"Ton Yonaon."
COLUMBIA—"SuItan of Sulu."
CJENTRAL—"Tha Heart of Chicago."
Marine* to-day.
CHUTES —Vaude villa.
FlSCHER'S—Vaudeville.
GRAND —"The Darling of the Gods."
MAJESTIC* —"A Contented Woman."
ORPHEUM—Vaudeville. Matinee to
day. .
TlVOU—"King Dodo."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Oregon's Represen
tatives Involved
in Scandal.
Accusedof Complic
ity in the Land
Fraud Cases.
V •
PORTLAND, Dec. 31.—United Statei
Senator John H. Mitchell, Representa
tive to Congress Blnger Hermann and
George Sorenson, formerly a deputy
sheriff of Multnomah County, were
jointly indicted to-day by the Federal
Grand Jury.
The indictment alleges that John H.
Mitchell and Binger Hermann did, in
January, 1902, unlawfully and felonious
ly conspire together and with each
other, and with S. A. D. Puter, Horace
G. McKinley, N. W. Tarpley, Emma L.
Watson, Salmon B. Ormsby, Clark E.
Loomis and William H. Da/vis and oth
ers, to defraud the Government of the
United States out of a portion of its
public lands, situated in township 11
south, range 7 east, by means of forged
and false affidavits and fictitious per
sons, and that in furtherance of such
c onspiracy S. A. D. Puter did, on March
9, 1902, pay to John H. Mitchell the sum
of $2000 to secure his influence with
Binger Hermann, then Commissioner of
the General Land Office in Washington.
It alleges that, acting upon the sug
gestion and the wish of Senator Mitch
ell and influenced by him, knowing that
the transactions were unlawful and
felonious, Binger Hermann used his
power as Commissioner of the General
Land Office to expedite twelve claims
in township 11-7 and had them passed
to patent when he knew them to be il
legal and not according to the require
ments of the law.
The indictment also alleges that on
March 28, 1904, George Sorenson offered
to John Hall, District Attorney for the
United States in Oregon, the sum of
$5000 with intent to influence the said
John H. Hall in his official capacity
when acting upon indictments returned
against S. A. D. Puter, Horace F. Mc-
Kinley et al. to defraud the Govern
ment of land in township 11 south,
range 7 east.
CONSPIRACY IS CHARGED.
The alleged connection of Senator
Mitchell and Representative Hermann
with the alleged conspiracy dates back
it is said to the time when Mitchell re
ceived the letter from "a prominent at
torney in Oregon" introducing S. A. D.
Puter as "a responsible business maa
of Oregon."
The Government will, it is said. aa»
tempt to prove mat Puter and Mitch
ell and Hermann were well acquaint
ed, that Puter was an ardent support
er of Mitchell in the Senatorial cam
paign of 1898 and that all of them
have been personally acquainted for
years.
In 1902, the Government allege*,
Puter went to Washington on busi
ness connected with the lands of 11-7,
in which he was at that time inter
ested. The lands were held up in the
General Land Office and Puter
thought that it would be of benefit to
himself and his fellows to go to Wash
ington and see what could be done to
expedite them to patent.
The Government will attempt to
prove that before he left Portland ":i©
went to F. P. Mays and secured from
him a letter to Senator Mitchell,
though in fact, according to the Gov
ernment, he was already well known
to the Senator. Arriving at Washing
ton the land speculator went, so evi
dence will be offered, to the office oZ
Senator Mitchell and conversed with
him in regard to having his claims
taken from the suspended list and put
through to patent as soon as possible.
He told the Senator, it is alleged, that
he had already sunk a large amount
of money in the claims and that Em
ma L- Watson, a hard working and
honest girl, had also Invested in them
at his suggestion. It was necessary
for him to have some Influence with
the Commissioner of the General
Land Office to secure favorable rec
ognition of his claims and he there
Continued on Pago 29, Column 3.28
JAPANESE CAPT1E
SUNGSHU MOUNTAIN
Continued From Page 27, Column 4.
total war expenditures for the year
$364,000,000."
The statement then shows that the
' treasury possesses $149,000,000, and that
there Is a stock of gold amounting to
$620,000,000 to secure the note circula
tion.. The Ftatement adds:
."A special investigation of Russia's
war finances by such students of
finance as Leroy Beaulieu, a member of
ihe Institute, George L«evy, professor
al the School of Political Science, and
others equally eminent, has shown al
together favorable results. Similar re
sults wer.e reached by Professor Helen
nericti of the University of Berlin, who
rrade the best comparative study of ■
the finances of Russia and Japan and
whose conclusions are to the advantage
of Russia."
The statement reviews the fluctua
tions of Russian bonds during the war j
ptrJodt showing their general stability,
and that practically they have suffered j
. no depreciation since the peace period,
nets forth the details of tne last loan
and adds:
"It Is quite probable that Russia will
resort to another loan in 1905 of about
an equal amount to those of 1904. A
■ portion will be placed in Berlin, during
• th#» first quarter, and the balance at
■ yiiTl * " ■ -
SOLDIERS WELL CARED FOR.
General Kuropatkfn's Army Is Com
fortably IloaaCd.
MT.'KDEN. Dec. 31.—Nemirovltch
D.iri' h'enko. the famous Russian war
</-r respondent, who has Just returnea
frf;tn art Inspection of the quarters oc
cupied hy the Russian officers and
H privates at the front, says:
. "fine could hardly imagine a greater
„ contrast than that afforded by the hun
gry, tired army that settled down here
after the battle of Ltaoyarig and the
army now resting south of Mukd«n.
The inert live in dugouts, but most of j
tt • offlcers' houses are above ground. !
from the fact that there are only 1
five officers to a hut and that the lat- !
t« r contain more decorations, there is
little difference between the men's md !
,'th* officers' quarters.
•."Everybody • " well fed and comfort- ;
a4>le. - The dugouts are all shellproof
'and' each has a stove, with sleeping
• lf.Oges around the sides. The men are
provided • With bedding, warm under- ;
.War, n'io«Ml> of Chinese manufacture,
apd tei Ch nese boots than can be ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CANCER IN
BOTH BREASTS
• , ♦— 1 —
Any Latnp in a Woman's Breast Is
'. • Nearly Always Cancer.
fIBBEBBBBHBBBBBB*3t
BBS SBSSBBBV
LOS ANGELES, CaL, Dec. 30, 1904.
Mrs. Gruce N. Morris, wife of Mr. W.
G. Morris, a wealthy resident of Ore
gon, pasaed through San Francisco last
••week on her way to Los Angelel, CaL,
with .her husband for his health. Mrs.
Morris one year ago had a very large
cancer In each breast and was pro
rtoqnced beyond relief. She was cured
about a year ago. in two weeks, by Dr.
Charoley, the noted cancer specialist at
'26 Third street. San Francisco, with his
painless remedy, which has cured thou
sands of similar cases here and else
, where.
Mrs. Morris called on Dr. Chamley
during her stopover In San Francisco,
and after examination by several phy
sicians .was pronounced entirely cured.
This examination was made to test the
remedy. The complete cure astonished
the physicians. The breasts are both
normal In size and are perfect.
. Mrs. Morris and her husband are both
v.cry appreciative of the excellent cure
and the moderate fee, and gave her
picture for publication, saying that all
papers should say more about Dr
Chamley s wonderful work for human
ity. Mrs. Morris at first had only a
smal-I lump In one breast, but was told
by a physician to wait; so she did and
soon b.oth breasts were cancerous.
Some" friend sent her Dr. Chamley's
excellent book on "Cancers and Tumors
Cured Without Knife or Pain," which
she found full of testimonials, some of
whom she knew and went to see. The
book may be had free by addressing
••('hamley Cancer Institute (Inc.)." 25
Third Street. Sun Francisco; Dr. S. R
Chamlfey and Mrs. chamley. Managers!
i crlcc t Fittln } ffjp^
yy tyeglassßJ cM
jj f:i Mo.crate Cos! k
v 642 'MarkiltSx
Woman
/.V sN \V*3l* lnterettctl ami should know
I ' MARWI- whirling Spray
\ 0^^ s |?NX*lTue> nrvr Varlntl Hjrimtr. /rjec-
tuniar.ii Sin hen. licit—Mf-
X <J ~ 'MtjL. ji"!-""" ' " ilnt
*>■* y»nr <tmi::!»t for 11. >y JfjJ „.-^~"~.—""***
li ht- crtimutmpply (he \
NSHVKI.. wi»|.t mi '
nii.«r. li>ii ituiiii) for 5\ g
lllu*iiiit*rt l>o<>k-»»*f»«. Itcitea \ ff .{
full purttriilnr* anil direction* In- X' if M
v.i'.niiiiii- toladlea m
41 I'tirU How, kork.
Ul Nnv Mf.ntKunirry. Ban Kranstaco. Cal.
Wllilam Huturoth (Ladle*' Dept.). '£>i Sutter
Union Drug Co . tOQ Sultrr and 100 Stockton!
o»kiii<l llrothnrn. 7th arid liruadway, Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy IIU Kills
bought In Russia. Bathhouses are
provided—one for the officers and one
for the men of each company. The
water is heated twice weekly, separate
laundry-houses are always supplied
with hot water and there is no damp
ness in the buildings set apart for the
washing and drying of clothing.
"Officers and men partake of the
same fare. whi:h Is distributed twice
duly in big coppers from the camp
kitchens - Ara .ion consists of a pound
of meat ar.d two and a half pounds of
bread, with tea twice a day. There
are short rations of sugar. The only
shortages observable are sugar,
leather, sewing materials and read
ing matter.
"Every one would appreciate books
and papers. Every printed sheet Is
read, even the advertisements. The
postal facilities are poor. Most of the
officers have not heard from European
Russia for a long: time. Since the
vires have been reserved for military
and press uses, private telegrams have
been forwarded by mail from Irkutsk.
"There Is little sickness owing to
care taken with the drinking water.
There Is a guard at each well. Some*
companies have been compelled to use
water from the Shakhe River. Water
parties go to the bank unarmed. There
is a general truce protecting water
parties of both sides and much chaff
between Russians and Japanese is ex
changed across the river.
"The temperature is 6 degrees be
low zero (Fahrenheit) and Is ex
pected to be colder."
TOGO TALKS TO SPIRITS
Admiral Addresses the Souls of Sea-
men Killed in Battle
TOKIO, Dec. 31. —At the funeral
here to-day of several ofhecrs and men
who were killed while fighting under
him in attacks an the Port Arthur
fleet and fortress, Vice Admiral Togo
addressed their spirits in the follow
ing words:
"As I' stand before your spirits I
can hardly express my feelings. Your
personalities are fresh in my memory.
Your corporal existence has ceased, |
but your passing from this world has j
been in the gallant discharge of your
dttty, by virtue of which the emeny's 1
fleet on this side of the world has been
completely disabled and our combined*
fleet holds undisputed command of the
seas.
"I trust this will bring peace and !
rest to your spirits.
"It is my agreeable duty to avail
mytalf of my presence in this city, :
v hither I have been called by our Em
peror, to render a report of our sue- ;
cesses to the spirits of those who sac- |
rlflced their earthly existence In the
attainment of so Important a result
as that above rendered.
"Most humbly me. in person,
"HEIHACHIRO TOGO.
"Admiral of the Combined Fleets."
.F i£ FIFTY YEARS AGO
SAN JOSE COUPLE WEDDED
Mr. and Mrs. Edward McLaughlin
Celebrate the tiolden Anniver
sary of Their Marriage.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 31.—Mr. and Mrs.
Edward McLaughlin to-day celebrated
the anniversary of their golden wed
d'«?: at the palatial home on the cor
ner of Reed and Seventh streets with
a family reunion. At the same time
the family is celebrating the eight
eenth birthday of Aimee Auzerais. the
eldest granddaughter, and the third
anniversary of the marriage of the
couple's youngest daughter, Mrs. W.
J. Leet.
Edward McLaughlin is one of the
most prominent bankers in the State
and president of the S»n Jose Safe
Deposit Rank. Few people are bet
ter known ln Kan Jose than he and his
wife, whose charitable work is wide
spread and has brought on their heads
the blessings of hundreds of poor and
needy. Mr. and Mrs. McLaughlin were
married in Grass Valley, Cat, on De
cember 31, 1X54. At that time Mrs.
McLaughlin was Miss Adelia Hick
man. They removed to Kan Jose in
1868 and have since made their home
here.
DESIRE FOR REST CAUSE
OF PORTER'S RETIREMENT
American Embassy in Paris Issues Au
thoritative Statement Concerning
Embassador ami Ills Intentions.
PARIS, Dec. 31.—1n view of the re
ports relative to the retirement of Em
bassador Porter inquiry at the Ameri
can embassy to-day resulted In the fol
lowing authoritative statement:
•T.eneral Porter has asked to be re
lieved from duty aa Embassador at
Paris, with the Intention of returning
to New York to be with bis children
and look after some personal Interests
that require his attention. Having
spent twenty-five years in the service
of the Government., nearly eight years
in charge of the embassy at Paris, he
is anxious to secure a period of rest in
his own country."
A White Ouall Killed
Mcßae Cave, a well-known live
stcck man here, shot a white quail
while on a hunt recently near Cam
brige, Kans. The quail was one of the
bag of ninety-three made by himself
iind his fine dog in two days and Is a
curiosity.
Many light-hued quail have been
found, some being even a dirty sort
of gray, but this one is pure white all
over, with the exception of a sort of
fawn color t bout the eyes. Even its
legs and feei are soft and white, In
stead of being black and rough, as is
usually the case.
ADVERTISES! EXTS.
Catarrh
Invites Consumption
It weakens the delicate lung tissues,
deranges the digestive orjrans and
breaks down the general health.
It often causes headache and dizzi
ness, impairs the taste, smell and hev
mg and affects the voice.
Being a constitutional disease it re
quires a constitutional remedy.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Radically and permanently cures ca
tarrh of the nose, throat, stomach,
bowels and more delicate organs and
builds up the whole system.
No substitute for Hood's acts like
Hood's. Be sure to get Hood's.
Teatlmonlala of remarkable curea mailed on
requeat. C. I. HOOD CO.. Lowell, Maaa.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY 1, 1905
SOLONS DESCEND
ON THE STATE
CAPITAL.
Continued From Page 27, Column 8.
court of the Paiac*. Henry T. Oxnard,
Frank P. Flint,-George A. Knight.
*f>hn D. Daly and Arthur Fisk were
«I 1 on the field of operations at the
noon h<;ur. In every camp plans are
forming for vigorous work at Sacra
mento, .
Henry T. Oxnard, accompanied by
Lewis M. Andrews, will leave San
Francisco for the, capital city to-day.
Oxnard headquarters, at the Golden
Eagle Hotel, will be under the man
agement of- Mr. Andrews. The vigor
ous efforts -of Hard and Flint to cap
ture a majority of the Legislature do
not disturb Oxnard. He declares that
he is in the contest to remain until the
finish, and with a frankness that Is re
freshing defines his views on subjects
that the ordinary politician seeks to
evade. Last night he remarked: "I
am a candidate for United States Sen
ator, and am not In the slightest de
gree dismayed or discouraged by the
claims of strength which other candi
didates around the court are making.
The estimates of strength made at the
Palace Hotel during the past week
will be greatly discounted when the
balloting comes. I know positively
that many of these claims have no
foundation ln fact.
It Is my purpose to establish head-
YEAR'S REVIEW
IS GRATIFYING
Fewer Lynchings, Legal
Hangings and Homicides
Ifork the Record of 1904
9 ■ ■■
Special Dlapatch to Tht Call.
CHICAGO, Dec 81.—Of much interest
and significance are the figures con
tained In the Tribune's annual review
of 1904, issued to-day. Especially sat
isfactory is the showing that there
were fewer lynchings than in any pre
vious year since 1885.
There is a marked falling off in the
aggregate donations to educational,
philanthropic and religious purposes.
There is a decrease in the number of
legal hangings, in the total of defalca
tions, forgeries and bank wreckings
and in the number of homicides.
Fire losses show a small Increase.
In a general business, manufacturing
and commercial way the latter half of
the year was a graduated improvement
over the first six months.
The lynchings for the year number
87, as compared with 104 the previous
ytar, 99 In 1902 and 135 in 1901 Of the
B. lynchings $2 took place in the South
and 5 in the North. There were 83
negro victims and 4 whites. Two wo
men wer • among the number. The
highwater mark for lynchings was in
1>92, when mob vengeance was wreaked
tt. 235 persons.
Mississippi heads the list of States,
with eighteen lynchings. Arkansas and
divide the second place with
.' -v en teen each. Kentucky. Virginia,
Texas and South Carolina each has
fewer ihan half a dozen cases to its
discredit. Every State of the Upper
Mississippi Valley escapes without a
blemish.
The alleged causes of lynchlngs were:
Murder. 36; race prejudice, 19; attacks
on women, 20; murderous assault, 4;
conspiracy to murder, 2; unknown, 2;
insults, 2: threats, 1; robbery, 1.
In the list of great disasters the burn
ing of the steamboat Slocum, when
10S1 lives were lost, was the worst.
Fires number 1006; drownings, 2745;
explosions, 556; falling buildings and
l:ke casualties, 306; mine disasters, 589;
sti rrns and cyclones, 243; lightning,
1060; electricity, 126.
Steam railroad accidents caused a
loss of 2955 lives.
FEDERATION OF WOMEN'S
CLUBS AGAIN PERTURBED
(Question of Admitting Men to Mem
bership Will Stir Up a right in
Next Convention.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 31.—Shall men
be admitted to membership In women's
clubs? Shall the California Federation
of Women's Clubs, after four years'
history as a strictly women's organiza
tion, strike out the word "women's"
and beco-me simply the California Fed
eration of Clubs 7 ..
These Questions will be brought up
before the federation's convention here
In February, and the hottest fight
known In women's clubdom is in pros
pect. The subject was mildly broached
at the meeting ln Sacramento last year,
but was coldly received. Now the de
termined spirits in the southern part of
the State have determined to present it
anew in the form of an amendment to
the constitution and to support it with
all their strength. They say they have
found men to be potent helpers In the
work undertaken by women's clubs all
over the country, the Long Beach Ebell
being the first to demonstrate their
usefulness by Impressing them into
service as honorary members.
It is known that there will be de
termined opposition to the proposed
amendment, some having gone so far
as to say that they will fight It to the
bitter end, even to the disruption of
the whole organization if necessary.
So it looks as though lively history
may be made February 7, 8 and 9.
Mrs. Jo*kill Evans Cowles is slated
for the presidency of the federation
to succeed Mrs. Georga Law Smith.
PASSENGERS ON FERRY
ARE GIVEN A FRIGHT
Car-Carrying Boat at Mercy of Wind
and Waves for Thirty-Six
Hours.
MENOMINEE, Mich., Dec. 31.—After
being tossed about on a raging sea for
thirty-six hours, and ln imminent dan
ger of going to the bottom, Ann Arbor
car ferry No. 3 has reached port in a
badly battered condition, with its pas
sengers on the verge of collapse. The
boat left Frankfort In good weather,
but a few hours after leaving port a
terrific blow came up. Cars on the car
deck became loosened and were with
great difficulty saved from going into
the lake.
A casting weighing twenty-five tons
was broken from its fastenings and
flung partly around, crushing the
smokestack and exhaust pipe. Every
man on the boat was called on .to help
the crew secure the mass of iron, which
threatened to go through the bottom of
the boat.
WASHINGTON. Dec 31.-Secretary Wllaon
to-day reiterated hie pravloua atatement that
wj&xfow b«S£ crop woul(1 • pprox ' m » to
Quarter* at Sacramento and there
meet members of the Legislature. The
representatives of the people of Cali
fornia in the Legislature have a right
to know how every candidate for
United States Senator stands with ref
erence to certain questions which are
now engaging the public mind through
out the whole country. 1 am perfectly
willing to give a frank and straightfor
ward statement as to my attitude. In
regard to proposed legislation In Con
gress to strengthen the Interstate
Commerce Commission and regulate
trusts and corporations I am In accord
with the views expressed by President
Roosevelt in his recent message to
Congress. It is my judgment that the
people of California commend the sen
timents of the President."
Frank P. Flint, accompanied by a
corps of workers from the southland,
will go to Sacramento to-day. Philip
A. Stanton, Los Angeles, and William
H. Wickersham, San Pedro, members
of the Assembly, were at the Palace
last evening.
The Republican County Committee
of Marin recently adopted resolutions
recommending: to Governor Pardee that
J. H. Pryor of Sausalito be appointed
to the Board of State Prison Directors
to succeed James H. Wilklns or R. M.
Fitzgerald. The indorsements ln be
half of Judge Pryor are numerous and
of high character.
TWO FAMILIES
ON HIS BANDS
Cincinnati Man Confesses
That for Years He Has
Lived a Double Life
Special Ditrpatch to The Call,
CINCINNATI, Dec. 31.— J. Anthony
Rump, graduate of a medical college,
but who has never practiced his profes
sion, preferring the life of a teamster,
confessed in the police court to-day
that for twelve years he has been living
a double life, having two households
and two sets of children.
Rump was arraigned in court on a
charge filed by his legal wife, who lives
ln the eastern part of this city and has
two children. She said they had been
married thirteen years. Several years
after marriage she discovered her hus
band's relations with another woman.
She tried in vain to end them without
bringing the situation to the notice of
the authorities, and for twelve years
this remarkable condition has existed.
R'imp's other wife and three children
live in the western part of the city and
he divided his time and love between
the two families.
When Rump ceased to contribute to
ward the support of the first wife she
filed a complaint against him. After
the man's confession Judge Luders
fined him $50 and costs. Having no
funds, Rump went to the workhouse.
SLAIN WHEN HE'.ORDERS
TROOPS TO OPEN FIRE
Fx tail- of Colonel BeletofTs Death
During tlio Riots in
Poland.
BERLIN, Dec. 31.—A letter to the
Lokal Anzeiger from Cracow describes
the attack recently made with dyna
mite on the Russian church at Razon,
Russian Poland. The church walls and
the graves were destroyed. A military
force surrounded all the public build
ings in the place within an hour and a
crowd numbering 1600 persons gathered
at the scene singing revolutionary
songs. A red flag was hoisted and cries
of "Long live independent Poland" were
heard. Pistols were fired.
Soon a military force appeared, under
the command of Colonel Beletoff, who '■
rushed in a state of intoxication from
the Officers' Club and immediately or- !
dered the troops to fire on the crowd. '
A worklngman shot the colonel dead. !
The adjutants bayoneted the assassin j
and then brained him with the butts of
their rifles. Many persons were wound- j
ed and numerous arrests were made. ;
Order was finally restored toward morn
ing.
CORK. Ireland, Dec. 31—The Cunard ■team
ahlp Umbrla. from New York December 20,
which paseed Browhead to-day. signaled that
she had experienced a tempestuous voyage and
that during the last three days aha had en
countered violent snow and hail storms.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STRANGER THAN FICTION.
A Remedy Which Has Revolutionized
the Treatment of Stomach
Troubles.
The remedy Is not heralded as a won
derful discovery nor yet a secret patent
medicine, neither is it claimed to cure
anything except dyspepsia, indigestion
and stomach troubles with which nine
out of ten suffer.
The remedy is in the form of pleas
ant tasting tablets or lozenges, contain
ing vegetable and fruit essences, pure
aseptic pepsin (Government test), gold
en seal and diastase. The tablets are
sold by druggists under the name of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. Many in
teresting experiments to test the diges
tive power of Stuart's tablets show
that one grain of the active principle
contained in them is sufficient to thor
oughly digest 3000 grains of raw meat,
eggs and other wholesome food.
Stuart's Tablets do not act upon the
bowels like after dinner pills and cheap
cathartics, which simply irritate and
Inflame the intestines withc-ut having
any effect whatever in digesting food
or curing indigestion.
If the stomach can be rested and as
sisted in the work of digestion it will
very soon recover its normal vigor, as
no organ is so much abused and over
worked as the stomach.
This is the secret, if there Is any se
cret, of the remarkable success of Stu
art's Dyspepsia Tablets, a remedy
practically unknown a few years ago
and now the most widely known of any
treatment for stomach weakness.
This success has been secured entirely
upon its merits as a digestive pure and
simple because there can be no stomach
trouble if the food is promptly digested.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets act entire
ly on the food eaten, digesting it com
pletely, so that it can be assimilated
Into blood, nerve and tissue. They cure
dyspepsia, water brash, sour stomach,
gas and bloating after meals, because
they furnish the digestive power which
weak stomachs lack and unless that
lack is supplied it is useless to attempt
to cure by the use of "tonics," "pills"
and cathartics which have absolutely
no digestive power.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets can be
fr.und at a!! drug stores and the regu
lar use of one or two of them after
meals, will demonstrate their merit bet
ter than any other argument.
-^-o-,.
rRANSOHOFFS"3
Womens Apparel Inclusively
117 GEARY STREET
s™Semi4nnual Clearing Sale
High-Class Costumes, Tailor-Made Suits,
Coats, Waists and Skirts
COMMENCING TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1905
Those "-ho have attended these sales in the past know the full import of their meaning,
but to those who have not been in touch with these periodical clearances we wish to siy that
they are inaugurated for the sole purpose of clearing the stock—that prices have been made
so very low as to attain this end—that every garment in our store is included in this great sale
—that only the newest and latest in women's apparel is here—that all goods offered are in the
very best of condition—that it is an imperative rule to clear the racks and cases semi-annually,
no matter at what cost this may be accomplished—that all garments are offered at but a frao
tion of original prices—
That this is a sale on the broadest and most liberal principles. It being impossible to give full de
tails in a newspaper advertisement, we quote but a few of the many attractive offerings:
The Great Reductions ot Costumes The Great Reductions o! Covert Coats
For Reception, House and Evening Wear, in Chiffon In three-quarter and short lengths, half and tight-
Taffeta, Lace, Eolienne, Messaline, Crepe de Chine fitting.
and Velvet. $4.5.00 Covert Costs reduced to _ .$37.50
$500.00 and $450.00 Costumes reduced to.. $3*5.00 $35.00 Covert Coats reduced t0.52.5.00
$240.00 Costumes reduced to $135.00 $32.50 Covert Coats reduced to »». $20.00
$160.00 and $150.00 Costumes reduced to.. $97.50 1
$05.ooand $00.00 Costumes reduced to . $67.50 The Great RedvCtiOllS Oil Skirts
$77-.50 and $70.00 Costumes reduced t0.*..*.. .$55.00 In Cloths. Cheviots and Mixtures.
$55 00 Costumes reduced to., .$40.00 $ 7SO and $8. so -Skirts reduced to $Aoo
$42.50 Costunvs reduced to < $30.00 $ 1200 and $tstOo Skirts reduced to $q >so
$15 00 and $16.50 Skirts reduced to ~ $12.00
The Great Reductions of Tailor-Made Suits $200 ° and $220 ° skirts reduced t0...„ $16.50
in Broadcloth, Cheviot and Mixtures The Great Deductions ot Silk Waists
$95.00 and $90.00 Suits reduced to $62.50 A most beautiful collection in Chiffon, Taffeta, Mes
s7s 00 and $60.06 Suits reduced to $42.50 salines, Crepe de Chines and Lace.
$57.50 and $55 00 Suits reduced to $37.50 $100.00 Silk Waists reduced to $50.00
$50.00 and $45 00 Suits reduced to $32.50 $.17-50, $35.00.and $32.50 Silk Waists reduced
$37.50 and $35-00 Suits reduced t0...„ $22.50 to $25.00
$20.00 Silk Waists reduced to $15.00
The Great Reductions ol Velvet and $ i| sso and , fl 2 5 ° c s ,l^* iBts reduced to ?
~ -m. , c..v- $8 so and $7o ° Sllk Waists reduced to $4.75
tOrdUroy MlltS $5.75 Silk Waists -educed to $3.50
The very best Velutina only is employed in the »run ■ tt~Z ZT* r ■
manufacture of these garments. The Great Deductions in Wash WalStS
$110.00 Suits reduced to $50.00 In hand-embroidered Handkerchief Linens. Lawns
$65.00 to $85 00 Suits reduced to $37.50 and Sheer Mulls; slightly mussed from handling.
$60.00 Suits reduced to $27.50 $10.00 Waists reduced to $5.00
. $7 50 Waists reduced to $3,150
The Great Reductions ol Coats for Theater $2 7S Waists reduced to
and Street Wear The Great Reductions in Silk Petticoats
$100.00 Coats reduced to $65.00 $'7 50 and $1500 Petticoats reduced to $12.50
$60.00 Coats reduced to $40.00 SLvOO Petticoats reduced to $10.00
$40.00 Coat= reduced to $30.00 $9 00 and $ 8 -°o Petticoats reduced to $6.00
_ - # , 7. ## On account of the great reductions alterations will
The Great Reductions on Cravenette Coats be charged for.
$40.00 Cravenette Coats reduced to $27.50 e tnr , n n «ic ZZi r>i«.» .* - -
$30.00 and $27.50 Cravenette Coats reduced t0.519.50 Store ° penS »t 9a. m. and Closes at 5:30 p. m.
$20.00 and $1800 Cravenette Coats reduced t0.513.50 i Purchases Delivered Free to All Parts of the State.
FOOTPADS
OPERATE III
THE PARK
Party in Automobile
Has Startling
Experience.
—♦ ■
A party of automobilists had an ex
citing experience with a pair of masked
highwaymen shortly after 1 o'clock
this morning on the ocean boulevard
just outside Golden Gate Park. Two
thugs, one armed with a rifle and the
other with a revolver, held up an auto
loaded with a gay party out celebrat
ing the Now Tear.
When the chauffeur was ordered to
throw up his hands, he brought the
machine to a sudden standstill. Ben
Peckermann, one of the party, jumped
out and as he did so the chauffuer
started the auto and disappeared in
a cloud of dust, followed by two bullets
from the rifle in the hands of one of
the footpads.
Peckermann, left alone with the two
footpads, was quickly relieved of $20
and a gold watch and chain. He was
then ordered to run and his captors
disappeared in the park. He made
his way to the Park police station and
reported the robbery.
The members of the automobile party
who escaped are William Ryan, Charles
Wall, Julius Under, Leo Rosenthal
and two men named Koenigr and No
lan.
NEW PREMIER OF AUSTRIA
APPOINTED BY EMPEBOR
Decree Naming Baron Gautch Yon
Frankenthurn Head of Carinet
Issued by Francis Joseph.
VIENNA, Dec. 31.—Emperor Francis
Joseph at noon to-day gave an order
to former Premier Baron Gautoh yon
Frankenthurn, president of the Su
preme Court of Accounts, and in the
course of the afternoon a decree was
issued appointing him Premier. The
other members of the Cabinet retain
their portfolios, but Count Byland
thertidt is appointed Minister of the
Interior, which portfolio was held
Jointly with that of Premier by Yon
Koerber. Privy Councillor Klein is
made chief of the Ministry of Justice,
which post also was held by the retir
ing Premier.
French Diplomat Decorated.
PARIS, Dec. 31—President Loubet
to-day received Jules Cambon, the
French Embassador to Spain and for
merly Embassador at Washington, and
personally presented to him the in
signia of grand officer of the Legion
of Honor, which is the highest rank of
the order. This was due partly to M.
Cambon's notable services ln negotiat
ing the terms of peace between Spain
and the United States.
PITTSBURG. Dec. 31. —Official announce
ment waa made to-day by the American Vvin
dow Glass Company of an advance of 8 per
cent In prices.
A Sample of Grim Humor.
Gregory Wilenkin, the new secretary
of the Russian embassy, has a ready
and alert mind. At Bar Harbor, where
he was stationed for the summer, an
elderly millionaire, who had known
Mr. Wilenkin abroad, sent him a half
dozen cases of Egyptian cigarettes.
Mr. Wilenkin expected the cigarettes.
He knew how many cases were due
him. But the man servant who de
livered them, being unaware of this,
appropriated one. The Russian de
tected the theft at once. He said to
the man dryly: "Tell your employer
that I thank him for the Aye cases of
cigarettes. Be sure to thank him your*,
self for the other."—Exchange.
"The conductor had no business to
eass you when you said you wouldn't
pay your fare twice."
"Of course he hadn't."
"At the same time It wasn't necessary
for you to get so mad."
"Well, I had a reason for it."
"What was your reason?"
"I had left my pocketbook at home
and didn't have a cent with me."—
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
First Right way
M Clean up JL
We have made history for San Francisco
since the beginning of the sale, and we wili make
more this week. We hwe added fame to our already
famous store. We have caused a sensation in the
shoe business. Great news for the second week!
Your attention is invited to these specials*
LADIES' $3.50 7/* MEN'S $3.50 <fcO 7A
and $4 Shoes ip-fc./ V and $4 shoes ' U
kid with patent tip. extension calf; Single and double
sole welts and light hand-turned the very latest styles? soinT are
soles. leather lined.
We also include several short This is a T «nr
lines of 35.00 Shoes at this trice. oorSmity. «o**tiOßAl
COUNTRY ORDERS choice^r ll^B^ 6 *^ 5 * a f Send second
. . , c cno 'ce or give us the privilege of sub«Mtnt in»
nearest style. Sooe lines are likely to be sold out. ■UMtitutinsj
812-814 MARKET STREET
Won't Gire You Appendicitis,
For all those who fear appendicitis
and are willing to do anything which
will keep them Immune from disease.
Sir Frederick Treves has prepared a
list of eatables which cannot be taken
with safety. Foremost on the list is
preserved ginger, that deadliest of
sweetmeats, but pineapple, either fresh
or preserved, Is equally dangerous. Or
anges, figs and raspberries should nev
er be indulged in. To limit still further
our diet, there are a number of things
which may not be eaten by those who
fear typhoid fever. The oyster has led
to suspicion of all other shellfish, not
only lobsters and crabs, but even
shrimps and prawns. Smelts and
whitebait are now regarded with awe
rather than admiration on a menu.—
Exchange.
SHANGHAI, Dac. 31.—Th» Shan-Thai aom
tomg revenue for this fltcal yaar amount* ta
over ona and one-half million pound* ■texllns
A man who doesn't talk back to his
wife Is too smart to be married.NAVAL TITLES
ARE ADJUSTED
President Takes a Hand
in Settling Strife Be
gun by Bureau Chiefs
DECIDES AGAINST THEM
Their Eight to Be Called
•Rear Admirals at New
Tear's Reception Denied
• CALL BUREAU. POST BUILDING.
WASHINGTON, Dec, Sl.—President
Roosevelt has directed that only line
officers who have obtained flag com
mand- rank be presented to him as
"rear admirals" at the New Tear's day
reception on Monday in the White
House.
The controversy raised by the bureau
chiefs of the Navy Department, who
claimed the right to the title of "rear
admiral" because their positions carry
the rank and pay of that grade, became
acute a few days ago. The problem Is
still in the hands of Attorney General
Moody for a final opinion, but E. P.
Hanna, solicitor of the Navy Depart
ment, has rendered an opinion regard
ing the titles to be used on New Year's
day. Secretary Morton to-day, by di
rection of President Roosevelt, em
bodied it in a memorandum. It may be
taken as the straw which shows the
way the wind is blowing.
Attorney General Moody's opinion
probably will fix It for all time that the
only rear admirals ln the navy will be
line officers who go to sea and are eli
gible to command squadrons. This is
the memorandum:
"The official designations of the chiefs
of the several bureaus of the Navy De
partment and of the head of the office
of Judge advocate general to be used
pn the occasion of the official presenta
tion on New Tear's day, 1905, will be
as follows: Chief of the bureau of yards
and docks, chief of the bureau of
equipment, chief of the bureau of nav
igation, chief of the bureau of ordnance,
chief constructor, engineer in chief,
jpaymaster general, surgeon general,
Judge advocate general.
"An officer of the staff who was re
tired while chief of bureau will be des
ignated by the title of the chief of the
bureau of which he was head and the
name of said officer, with the word 're
tired.' For example. Paymaster Gen
eral A. S. Kenny. U. S. N., retired;
Surgeon General W. K. Van Reypen,
U. S. N.. retired."
LARGE REWARD OFFERED
FOR MISSING IRISHMAN
Relatives of Merchant Kelley, Who
Disappeared i,ast October, Anxious
to Locate Him.
NEW YORK. Dec. 31.—One thous
and' dollars reward will be paid for
Information leading to the discovery
of'Cwen Kelley. living or dead, who
disappeared from Philadelphia Octo
ber 25. The reward is offered by Pat
rick Kelley of Philadelphia.
Owen Kelley is a well-to-do Philadel
phia grocer and woolen manufacturer
and prominent member of several Irish
societies. His relatives believe he is
in New York and in hope of getting
hews of him, have issued notices of
the reward. Kelley is one of the fore
most members of the Clan-Na-Gael of
Philadelphia, and one of the greatest
■champions of freedom for Ireland.
Their fight has been for freedom by
force And Kelley was until recently
one of the strongest" advocates of this
flan.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OPERATIONS NOT ALWAYS
NECESSARY.
Doctors Frequently Mistaken.
il suffered untold agony with piles
for over three years. Two doctors told
me nothing but an operation would
cure me. I tried different remedies, but
nothing did me any good until I used
Pyramid Pile Cure. I bought six 60
-cent boxes at the drug store, and now
I can do my work and go out, where
before I spent most of my time lying
d.own. • I thank God for giving the dis
coverer the knowledge to make such
a cure. I recommend it to all my
"friends,- and if I ever have piles again
will certainly use this remarkable rem
.«dy. You can use this in any way you
wish. to make known the wonderful
merit .of Pyramid Pile Cure." Mrs.
Wm. Mucky, 81 Marshall street, Eliza
beth. N. J.
The experience of this lady is that of
thousands of others who have been as
sured that nothing short of an opera
tion "would rid them of this distressing
complaint. On the face of it, it appears
as if too many surgeons operate in or
der that they may keep their hand in,
and lose no portion of their skill; then,
again, too many surgeons are anxious
:to experiment (like the scientific man in
Mark TWain's pathetic story of the dog
and her little puppy), and do not have
proper regard for a patient's physical
.welfare or condition.
•We-advise every sufferer to think
twice before submitting to an opera
tion'for piles, and suggest that those
■interested write to the Pyramid Drug
.Company, Marshall, Mich., for their
"little book on the causes and cure of
piles, which is sent free for the asking.
French savings bank
315 Montgomery Street.
Capita! paid op $ 600,000
IWidends paid to depositors. 1,656,226
CHAB. CARPY. President.
. ARTHUR LEGALLET, Vice President.
LEON BOCQUERAZ, Secretary.
•* Aset. Secretary.
DIRECTORS:
Dr: E. Artlruez, Chas. Carpy. Leon Kauffman.
O. Bosjo, J. B. Clot, A. Roos,
l-eon'Rocqueraz, J- M. Dupas, A. Legalist,
J. •A.ißerserot,. J. 8. Godtau, J. J. Mack.
Interei't paid on deposits. Loans made on
Real Estate and approved securities.
MfPvaf DR. HA MVS REINVIGORATOR
Be™ ****M stops all losses and unnatural dls
a_ wmmM charges In 24 hours. You feel an
nwK H Improvement from the first dose,
nffl iTdij We have so much confidence In our
lUm MgA treat men that we otter Five Hun-
BKHI—JBBI dred reward for any case we can
************* not cure. This secret remedy cures
lost power, nightly emissions, wasted organs,
varicocele, gleet, strictures, kidneys, falling
memory, drains In the urine, gonorrhea, dis
ease of the prostate glands and all other terrl-
We effects of self-abuso or excesses, which lead
on to consumption and death. Positively cures
the worst caees In old or young of that morti
fying condition, quickness of the discharge, and
wanting to do, and you can't. Sent sealed (2
per bottle; three bottles, 15. Guaranteed cure
any case.
T J^ij?r^» dd S!f» orinrn HALL'S MEDICAL
INSTITUTE, 866 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
Also for sale at 1073% Market et.. S. F. Send
for fre* book.
Weekly Cal $1.00 DerYear
PRISON GRAVES
FOR CONVICTS
Men Killed in the Outbreak
at Folsom Are Buried in
the Penitentiary Cemetery
WARDEN IS DISPLEASED
Denounces Sensational and
Untruthful Reports Pub
lished Concerning Trouble
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 31.—The last
grim scene ln the attempted prison
break at Folsom was enacted to-day
when the bodies of the three convicts —
H. C. Hill, J. C. Quinlan and W. Mor
ales —killed by the guards, were laid
away in the cemetery, with stone slabs
bearing only their prison numbers to
mark their graves. Contrary to ex
pectation, the burial was gone about
without the slightest attempt to im
press upon the rest of the prisoners
the warning which the incident natur
ally conveyed to those of rebellious
spirits. Warden Yell evidently was
not disposed to have the dead con
victs remembered by their associates
as martyrs. They were buried without
any more ado than if the procedure
was merely a circumstance in the
prison management.
Warden Yell volunteered to The Call
correspondent to-night an expression
of the great annoyance he feels in
common with the other officers of the
prison at the sensational stories which
have been printed in a certain paper
in San Francisco since the attempted
break.
The Warden declared that his name
and the names of his officers have been
blazoned forth daily as authority for
statements which they never made and
never dreamed of making. Incidents
purporting to relate to the break were
detailed at length, he declared, which
had no foundation whatever except in
the imaginations of those who placed
them before the public. The Warden
spoke of one incident to illustrate what
he meant.
DENOUNCES STORIES.
A story was printed Friday with
great particularity as to detail that the
break had been so timed by the con
victs as to enable them to jump on
the prison locomotive as soon as it
arrived on the grounds and ride on it
to Folsom and to freedom. The Call
this morning showed by the statement
of one of the leading conspirators, J.
W. Finley, personally verified as cor
rect by Warden Yell himself, after in
vestigation, that this was not the plan
of the convicts at all, but that they
intended to cross the American River
at once and seek their liberty on the
farther shore. Yet the same locomotive
yarn was again wired from Folsom.
"To show how absurd that story is,"
said Warden Yell to-night, "I have
only to mention the fact that as soon
as the locomotive enters the prison
yard a switch is thrown and securely
locked. This effectually imprisons the
locomotive. If any body except the
prison officials start the locomotive the
switch will not be unlocked and the
locomotive will be ditched before it can
get outside the grounds. I had this
arrangement put into effect the very
day 1 came here, and it has been faith
fully observed ever since, and all the
prisoners know it. I do hope that thai
story of escape by the locomotive
route will now rest in peace."
BETTER PROTECTION NEEDED.
Wardtn Yell said he hoped that the
lesson of the attempted break would
not be lost in the forthcoming Legisla
ture and that more walls would be
provided for safeguarding the prison
ers, instead of depending wholly upon
the guards. Asked with reference to
the procedure to be followed in bring
ing the live conspirators to justice
when they recovered from their inju
ries, Warden Yell said he would pro
duce all the evidence and then allow
the law to take its course.
District Attorney Seymour said to
night that he would prosecute Convicts
Carson, Quijada and Finley under the
new State law which provides the
death penalty for any prisoner serv
ing a life sentence who assaults a
prison guard with a deadly weapon.
Seymour said he would take the neces
sary steps as soon as the wounded
prisoners were able to leave the hos
pital. The State is obliged to defray
the expense of these prosecutions. The
prosecution of the convicts recaptured
after the break of July 27, 1903, has al
ready cost the State In jury and wit
ness fees, etc., fully $15,000. Seymour
said it was the policy of Governor
Pardee to spare no expense on the
prosecutiori of those guilty of break
ing the laws while undergoing the laws'
penalties, and that the present cases
would prove no exception.
Guard Charles Jolly, who was acci
dentally shot ln the neck during the
fight with the convicts, is still resting
easily, and no complications are looked
for. Captain Murphy is rapidly re
covering from his wounds. The condi
tion of Convict Kelly, wh6 was rid
dled with bullets, is still serious, but
the other wounded prisoners appear to
be on the way to recovery.
Hfgrsins Takes Oath of Offlee
ALBANY, N. Y. p Dec. 31.—Governor
elect Higgins took the oath of office
to-day. The formal Inauguration cere
monies will occur Monday. The term
of office begins at midnight to-night.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SITTER*
During the winter months
the Bitters should be in
every home, as a cure and
preventive of Sudden
Chills and Colds. A dose
or two at the first symptom
will save much unnecessary
suffering. It also cures Dys
pepsia, Indigestion, Con
stipation, Biliousness
and General Debility.
Try a bottle. All druggists'. i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. JANUARY 1, 1905.
JURY INDICTS
CONGRESSMAN
AND SENATOR
Continued From Page 27, Column 7.
fore would like to have the help of
Senator Mitchell.
PUTER VISITS HERMANN.
The Government will attempt to
prove that he promised to make it
right with the Senator in the event
that he could secure the good will and
assistance of Hermann. The Govern
ment contends that Puter then went
to see Binger Hermann, then Com
missioner of the General Land Ot
flce, and talked the matter over with
him. Hermann, it is alleged, did not
see that anything could be done to the
lands unless some action would be
taken which would make the transac
tion of record in the office. Puter
then got into a hack, it is alleged, and
went to the hotel of Senator Mitch
ell, the Dewey House, and told him of
the alleged conversation with Com
missioner Hermann. The famous Pu
ter-Watson affidavits, according to thy?
Government, were then made in the
hotel of the Senator, and it alleges
that Senator Mitchell-dictated the al
leged papers to his own stenographer
and had them delivered to puter as
soon as finished. The affidavits which,
it is asserted, told of the settlement of
the land and of its cultivation and th i;
characters of the persons making the
filings, were then, so the Government
will attempt to prove, taken to Her
mann, who, it is alleged, took them
under consideration.
On March 6, 1902. the Government al
leges, Hermann wrote a letter to Sen
ator Mitchell stating that he had ex
pedited the claims as per his request.
This is the letter which was introduced
in the first trial and over the identifica
tion of which both Senator Mitchell
and Hermann were in doubt. It is also
the letter which Commissioner W. A.
Richards made his trip to Portland
from Washington to identify. This let
ter stated that Hermann had expedited
the claims and that the clerk of the
proper division would take the claims
under his consideration and make an
examination of them. This, it is alleged,
was done, and on the following day the
clerk recommended they be returned to
the local land office at Oregon City for
further proof and investigation. The
clerk recommended, it is stated, that
the entries seemed to be fraudulent and
not according to law. These were the
Davis lands, in which it is alleged W.
H. Davis of Albany and others were
Interested.
RESORT TO BRIBERY.
Loomis, then forest superintendent,
according to the Government; in the
meantime reported against the claims
or part of them, but after this report,
it is alleged, D. W. Tarpley went to
Davis and got him to raise $200 each
from fourteen men in order to secure a
favorable report from Government
Agent Ormsby, who it is alleged had
been also told to make a report. Davis,
it is charged, raised $1460 of the al
leged amount, which was said to be
divided between Tarpley and Loomis.
The Government will try to show that
when Loomis received this money he
wrote a letter to Hermann asking that
something be done as to the expedition
of the lands, or at least as to their fa
vorable consideration.
George R. Ogden was the clerk hand
ling the business, and it will be alleged
he prepared a report and sent it to Her
mann especially calling attention to the
alleged Loomis and Davis letters ask
ing that the lands be considered but
admitting, so it is stated, that the laws
had not been observed.
This report was dated March 7,
but on March C Hermann had ordered
the claims expedited and he assented.
When he saw the report made by Og
den, however, it is said, he hesitated,
and when Puter came to see him it is
alleged he told Puter that he thought
the alleged matter looked pretty bad
and that he was afraid the claims
would have to go back to the Oregon
offices for further investigation. Puter
by this time had expended, it is al
leged, about $6000 on the deal, and
when he was told this, it is alleged,
he went back to Mitchell. It is said
he told the Senator his influence was
necessary to induce Hermann to put
the lands through without sending
them back to Oregon. It is added that
he told the Senator that if the claims
went back to Oregon they would be
lost to him, and all the money he had
put into them would be gone.
MITCHELL ACCEPTS MONEY.
At this time the Government will at
tempt to prove that Puter laid down
two $1000 bills on the table in front
of the Senator, and it will also try
to prove that he told Mitchell to take
them and see what he could do to help
the lands through the patent. The Sen
ator, it is alleged, did not wish to take
all of the money, and, it is said, pushed
one of the bills back; but the Govern
ment asserts that Puter insisted that
$2000 was not too much to pay for th«
alleged service, and that the money
was taken by the Senator. The Gov
ernment will offer evidence that Sen
ator Mitchell told him that he would
do the best he could for him.
The next day. It is also alleged, Puter
went to Hermann and, it is said, asked
him how things looked, and it is stated
Hermann told him that he thought
upon a reconsideration it would be
possible to put the lands through. He
asked Puter, it is assert ed, to come
back in the afternoon ai.d, it is said,
he had turned the matter over to W
A. Richards, his assistant. Puter, it
is alleged, went to Mitchell and got
him to take him to Richards and in
troduce him. The Senator, it is con
tended, introduced him as one of the
best men of Oregon, perfectly reliable
and upright.
ACCOMPLICES CONFESS.
It is alleged that this evidence is
supported by those who It is asserted
have confessed, and is said to be cor
roborated in many details which have
not been and will not be made public
at this time, which have been gath
| t-red with tireless energy by Colonel A.
R. Greene, the Government special in
spector, and his assistants.
The indictment against Sorenson was
made upon the testimony of United
States District Attorney John Hall, who
i told Heney that Sorenson offered him
, $5000 to let Wolgamot and other de
! fendants off in the land friiud cases.
! The Grand Jury, after returning the
j indictment, was excused until Janu
! vary IP.
| Bonds of the indicted persons were
'■ fixed at $4000, and they will be given
a reasonable time in which to return
them to the court.
Heney left to-night for San Fran
cisco, having been called to that city
on important business. He will return
in time to take up the conduct of the
investigations before the Grand Jury
on the day it resumes this work.
HERMANN IS ANGRY.
Says Indictment Is Result of Con
spiracy and Persecution.
PORTLAND, Dec. 31.—Congressman
Dinger Hermann, who will leave for
Washington to-morrow morning, is
sued a statement to-night in which he
says:
"The indictment returned against me
is the result of the basest of conspira
cies and malicious persecution. I have
been a resident of Oregon since boy
hood and have been intrusted with
many transactions affecting the pub
lic interests, and with my fellow men,
and in them all my single endeavor
has been to discharge my duty and
preserve my honor. Mistakes may
have sometimes been made, and I may
have been imposed upon, but I am not
conscious of having violated any obli
gation as an officer or as a private
citizen. If frauds were practiced
on the office, the imposition was as
grossly perpetrated upon me as com
missioner, as upon others in the office.
"I rely upon my vindication before a
trial jury, before which, as a citizen,
I shall be protected against mere in
sinuations; base persecution and per
jured testimony."
MORE INDICTMENTS TO COME.
Secretary Hitchcock Says the Work
Has Been Only Begun.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3t.—The news
of the indictment of Senator Mitchell
and Representative Hermann for con
spiracy to defraud the Government out
Of public lands had been expected for
some time by those officials having to
do with the case, and it came as no
rurprise. Secretary Hitchcock frank
ly said that he had looked for the in
dictment at any time. Attorney Gen
eral Moody declined to make any com
ment.
Secretary Hitchcock consented to
make a brief statement concerning the
case. He said:
"While we all regTet that men oc
cupying high stations ln public life
phould get within the clutches of the
law, the Interior Department and the
Department of Justice had their duty
to perform. These land fraud indict
ments are the result of two years of
the most searching investigation and
are a part of the unalterable determin
ation of the President and the adminis
tration to bring to justice all violators
of the law, he they high or low.
"These indictments," continued the
Secretary, "will not be the last. More
are to follow, although I believe I can
say that the investigation will involve
no more officials as high in public ser
vice as are these two members of
Congress. All the cases will be placed
in the han'ls of the Department of
Justice, and the prosecution will be
vigorous. I cannot say just how many
additional indictments will be return
ed in the various cases, but it is true
that this is simply a beginning."
COOL WELCOME
TO DR. IRVINE
Huntingdon Vestrymen Dis
play Displeasure When
He Appears to Explain j
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HUNTINGDON, Pa., Dec. 31.—Fol
lowed by private detectives. Dr. Ir- j
vine arrived here to-night from Phil- j
adelphia. In passing from the station
to Railroad street he was recognized
by a crowd of his former parishioners,
who began to point toward and cry
out: "There's Irvine." The detectives, J
also in carriages, had a hot chase after
Dr. Irvine to the house of W. F. Hel
ller, the Huntingdon vestryman who
did not deny having signed the pre
sentment against Bishop Talbot. Hel
lier refused admission to reporters,
though Dr. Irvine could be seen strid
ing up and down the dining-room floor.
Before reaching Hellier's home Dr.
Irvine went to the home of Mrs.'Elea
nor Jackson, mother of A. T. and H.
S. Jackson, whose names were attach
ed to the presentment.
"I hope you have come here to set
tle this matter that has caused us so
much trouble," said Mrs. Jackson. "I
hope you will make an explanation of
this affair."
"That is what I have come for," said
the priest. "It all will be explained."
Just then Miller S. Jackson, one of
the petition signers, entered.
"Good evening," said Dr. Irvine
warmly.
"Good evening," said Jackson coldly,
and passed on.
W, G. Miller, the vestryman of St.
John's Episcopal Church who obtained
the signatures of the Huntingdon
presentors to the presentment of Dr.
Irvine against Bishop Talbot, said to
day:
"The paper which my brother vestry
men, Messrs. Langdon, Denithorn,
Jackson and the others, signed was a
petition addressed to Bishop Tuttle
praying that the controversy between
Bishop Talbot and Dr. Irvine be per
manently settled. It was not a present
ment In any sense, for I have in my
possession a copy of the paper. There
were two separate parts to it/ one con
taining the petition itself and the other
a blank paper, both of which were at
tached. I received the papers from the
Rev. Dr. Irvine, at whose request I ob
tained the vestrymen's signatures and
to whom I afterward returned the pa
pers. Langdon and Denithorn both
signed the papers about the middle of
November. All the vestrymen seemed
to comprehend the purport of the peti
tion and said it was a good move. I se
cured also their signatures to the blank
which was attached, after stating to
them that this precaution would be ad
visable in the event that the original
petition should become lost. I signed
only what I believed to be a simple
petition, and not a presentment to have
Bishop Talbot's official acts investi
gated. The others I believe acted sim
ilarly. If our names are attached to
the presentment and the signatures are
genuine then there must have been
some fraudulent manipulation of the
blank paper which contained them."
Miller's change of position was a
great surprise. It is known that he is
personally friendly to Rev. Dr. Irvine
and, it is said, antagonistic to Bishop
Talbot. The Indignation of the vestry
men, Langdon and Denithorn, at find
ing their names on the presentment
had provoked them to threaten prose
cution against Miller and to cause his
method of procuring their signatures
to be rigidly investigated.
Four Children Drowned.
AKRON. Ohio, Dec. 31.—Ada Wilson,
aged 18 years, and her brother John,
aged 17, children of Thorn. . Williams
of Lawnsdale and Elizabeth Morrison,
aged 16. and her sister Katherine,
aged 13, children of Edward Morrison
of Kenmore, were drowned to-day
while skating.
WATCH
The For Sale Miscellaneous
Column of THE CAIiL. Yon
can frequently get articles that
you need at a bargain.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PERUNA PROVIDES PROTECTION
AGAINST THE ILLS OF WINTER.
Women ArcEspccially Subject
s \ t0 Winter Catarrh -
\ COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, PNEU
jm fk A ' MONIA * LAGRIPPE, ALL ARE DlF
perier)ce of Miss j^^^li' feSI J
Laoglotz and Mrs. (fnS | mrs.
Clow. It may save I «Ml ! T' 8 ™"
your Health. J l " 'j *
• »••.».«..«...«.««»«.» » » Mrs. Clow Has Used Pe-ru-na With
T Miss Minnie Langlotz, 510 Water street. Menasha. Wis., member Worn- ? Rpnoflr fn* Crmo-hc Pnlric
? an's Bowling Club and Menasha Star Cycling Club, writes: j eeneni lor I*oloB
j "Ten bottles of Peruna cured me of a protracted case of bran- t and Catarrh «
j chilis. There ,s no superior remedy that I know of. The way Peruna J£f
» eliminates the poison from the system is simply marvelous. • -I have taken Peruna off and on for tig
I 'I cannot say too much in its praise, as I found it acted so quickly t years and hare found it very beneficial
I and effectually in my case. I heartily endorse it and feel sure that all \in a 9 r «at ""»"/ *a/s.
♦ who try it will be pleased with it." I "' took * for a cou 9 h and co,d ' a,B ° for
.««,, »«».«..«»»,, ........ ... . . ...... catarrh of the head, and it cured me.
CATCHING cold is really the acute oftenest damaged by this rush of blood fLL "rlLOn £™J
stage of catarrh. A sudden chilling to the warmer parts of the body because atren ß tn and 1 har * reason to apeak
of the surface of part of the body of their loose structure, which affords well of y° ur medicine.
drives the blood to the interior of the little or no support to the delicate yes- We have on file thousands of testl
body. and its presence in unusual quan- sels turgid with an unusual supply of monials like the ones given above. We
I titles causes ter- blood. can give our readers only a slight
NEGLECTED porary congestion of Peruna acts directly on the vasomotor glimpse of the vast array of unsolicited
nm ddakc some or «[? n ' which system of nerves, which give tonicity to endorsements Dr. Hartman is constantly
LULUS PKUVE may continue long these overcrowded vessels and enables receiving
DISASTROUS enough to produce them to regain their usual elasticity, and Address Dr. S. B. Hartman, President
the disturbance called thus prevents further derangement. of The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus,
' 1 1"a cold." The mucous If you suffer from a cold, do not neg- Ohio. All correspondence held strictly
membranes of the respiratory tract are lect it. Take Peruna at once. confidential
HOLDS WIFE
IS FRONT OF
LOCOMOTIVE
Frenzied Husband
Dies With His
Victim.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CARBONDALE, 111., Dec. 31.—Pin
ioned between the rails in front of an
Illinois Central train, approaching at a
speed of fifty miles an hour, Mrs. A. R.
Hemphill of De Soto met a horrible
death to-day as the result of her hus
band's drunken frenzy.
Powerless to escape, the woman was
held on the track until the train bore
down upon the couple, literally cutting
both to pieces.
Hemphill had come to this city sev
eral days ago and drank heavily.
PRESIDENT AND WIFE
STEAL MARCH ON GUARDS
, Executive Eludes Vigilance of Secret
Service Men and Enjoys a
Short Stroll.
* WASHINGTON, Dec. 31.—President
! Roosevelt, accompanied by Mrs.
' Roosevelt, left the White House to-day
and went for a walk down Pennsyl
vania avenue. It is unusual for the
| President to appear walking on the
business streets; in fact, so far as is
known, this, is the Jnrst time he has
walked along Pennsylvania avenue
, since he entered the White House,
j The President frequently walks
from the White House to church on
Sundays, but even then he is accom»
j panied by secret service officers, who
discreetly follow him at a short dis
; tance. To-day, however, the President
I and Mrs. Roosevelt left the White
I House unaccompanied. In a few mJn«
; utes the officers learned of their
, parture from the house and a little
I while later located them on Pennsyl
! vania avenue.
The President was Inclined to
! gard as a joke the fact thaj he had
I eluded his guards. President and Mrs.
Roosevelt were recognized instantly
and as they walked along the avenue
'Were the recipients of marked and rev
. spectful attention.
POPE'S LOVE FOR FRANCE
HAS NOT BEEN SHAKEN
PARIS, Dec. 31.—Cardinal Richard,
Archbishop of Paris, has given out a
letter from Pope Plus in which the pon
tiff says:
"Neither will the bitterness of offense
be able to turn us* from love of your
nation, nor will the progress of the of
fense make us despair of a return to
better condition*.**
Alt KANSAS MURDERER
LYNCHED BY A MOB
Brutal Killing of Mrs. Kinkannon
and Her Daughter Is
Avenged.
NEWPORT, Ark, Dec. 31.—Lewis
Allwhlte,'the alleged murderer of Mrs.
Rachel Kinkannon and daughter, was
to-day lynched at the scene of the
crime by a mob of several hundred
men. Newton, the 19-year-old son of
Allwhlte, who Is a self-confessed ac
cessory to his father's alleged crime,
was not molested.
Mrs. Rachel Kinkannon and her
daughter, Mrs. Amelia Mauldin, were
waylaid and murdered on Christmas
morning. They were hurrying to the
bedside of the daughter's husband
when Allwhite and his son, according
to the confession of the boy, met them,
dragged the women to a ravine ncir
by and murdered them.
Warships Not Ordered Home,
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 31.—The
Admiralty absolutely denies the re
port circulated last night that the bat
tleship Orel and the cruiser Izumrud
of the Russian second Pacific squad
ron had been ordered to return.
ADVKF.TISEMENTS.
JPl^gjiiChampagne
leading, Cbampagne.
& fcxutfeg tombing Ijence tlje uniform er ceUence
S of tt# Ehe bou#e of Iftoet a djandmv
fbrxxiarb£rim%pearl9fl#ot)£t fonr million bottle#
(4013634) being far in etcesfg cvet the output o£
cellar#o£
tljelffirm of ptotTt i&fmwon extend wtx 12} i ndttjl
an& contained, dnrmgtlje latter part of tlje near
according to tfje record of tlje STrencl] J£tatt£ticat-
Pureau attorning of ooer eighteen million bottled
(18137X100) ~ fttiefaoorite'WHlTE SEALnom on
tlje market, a product of tlje famous Epenrxay-
Grape of incomparable flawr i# perfection in-
Champagne, - drg~ delicate-and delicious.
ON SALE AT ALL
First Class Dealers, Glubs a Hotels*
WM. WOLFF & CO.. PACIFIC COAST AGENTS
ANGLO-AMERICAN ALLIANCE
DEEMED AN IMPOSSIBILrTT
Russian Press Believes Great Britain
Is Merely Pretending That
Agreement Exists.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec, SL—The
Russian papers are beginning 1 to dis
cuss the British and continental re
ports of an alleged Anglo-American
alliance, but consider that they have
not any solid foundation and that they
represent more the British anxiety to
have it appear that such an alliance is
in prospect than the deliberate purpose
of the United States to abandon her
traditional policy.
The Gazetta declares the commercial
rivalry between the two countries ren
ders a lasting agreement impossible.
But the paper says it may be that a
temporary truce is being glorified as an
alliance for political purposes to
strengthen Japan and Intimidate Rus
sia.
OBJECTS TO ACCEPTANCE.—AIbert Sut
ton has filed a protest with the Supervisors
against the acceptance of Vallejo street, be
tween Devisadero and Broderick, on * the
ground that the paving had not been properly
done.
2930
NOBLE'S OATH
AGITATES THE 1
ARISTOCRACY
Carl of tankekville, -whose
TALL PROM ORACK HAS AGI
TATED ALL ENGLAND.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LONDON, December 31.—Evangelical
circles are greatly agitated over the
question whether the Earl of Tanker
ville can longer be regarded as a
"brand plucked from the burning"
since his frank and Impenitent ac
knowledgment that he sent Dr. Lunn a
message that he 'could go and be
d —d." Ordinarily an oath from the lips
of a noble lord occasions no surprise,
bat..when it comes from Lord Tanker
ville it is a different matter, because
for years he has enjoyed a reputation
for piety somewhat unique in the Brit
ish peerage.
■• In his early days he had a reputation
of a different sort. Then he was known
as a jolly good fellow who could sing
a'roystering song with good effect, and
to the proverbial proficiency of a troop
er in the use of "cuss words" added
.that of the sailor, for he had been in
both the army and navy. But he sub
sequently underwent conversion and in
18&2 toured the country with the late
'Revivalist Moody, often taking the
place of Sankey in singing hymns at
ihe famous revivalist's meetings, for
his voice is .an exceptionally fine one.
GREAT REJOICING
Great was the rejoicing over this evi
dence of his religious zeal and he was
held up as a shining example for other
lords who would save themselves and
their country from perdition. Since his
accession to the family titles and the
What Sulphur Does
For • the Human Body in Health and
• •• ■ Disease.
The mention of sulphur will recall to
many of us the early days when our
. mothers and grandmothers gave us our
daily dose of sulphur and molasses
every spring and fall.
. It was the universal spring and fall
"blood purifier," tonic and cure-all, and
■ -mind you, this old-fashioned remedy
waa not without merit
The idea waa good, but the remedy
waa crude and unpalatable, and a large
quantity had to be taken to get any
effect.
; Nowadays we get all the beneficial
■ effects of sulphur in a palatable, con
centrated form, so that a single grain
Is far more effective than a tablespoon
] ful of the crude sulphur.
•' In recent years, research and experi
ment have proven that the best sulphur
* for medicinal use ie that obtained from
Calcium (Calcium Sulphide) and sold in
drug stores under the name of Stuart's
Calcium Wafers. They are small cho
colate coated pellets and contain the
active medicinal principle of sulphur in
a highly concentrated, effective form.
• Few .people are aware of the value of
this form of sulphur in restoring and
maintaining bodily vigor and health;
sulphur acts directly on the liver, and
excretory organs and purifies and en
riches the blood by the prompt elimina
tion of waste material.
. Our grandmothers knew this when
they dosed us with sulphur and mo
.- lasses every spring and fall, but the
crudity and Impurity of ordinary flow
ers of sulphur were often, worse than
- the disease, and cannot compare with
. the modern concentrated preparations
•of sulphur, of which Stuart's Calcium
Wafers Is undoubtedly the best and
..■most widely used.
•They are the natural antidote for liv
«r and kidney troubles and cure consti
pation and purify the blood in a way
that often surprises patient and physi
cian alike.
Dr. R. M. Wilkins while experiment
ing with sulphur remedies soon found
that the* sulphur from Calcium was su
perior to any other form. He says
' For liver, kidney and blood troubles
..especially when resulting from constl
'' pation or malaria. I have been sur
.. prised at the results obtained from
Stuart's Calcium Wafers. In patients
suffering from boils and pimples and
even deep-seated carbuncles, I have re
peatedly seen them dry up and disap
pear in four or five days, leaving the
skin clear and smooth. Although Stu
art's Calcium Wafers is a proprietary
article, and sold by druggists, and for
that reason tabooed by many physi
. cians, yet I know of nothing so Bafe
■ and reliable for constipation, liver and
"kidney troubles and especially in all
; forms of skin disease as this remedy."
At any rate people who are tired of
pills, cathartics and so-called blood
"purifiers," . will find in Stuart's Cal
cium Wafers, a far safer, more pala
table and effective preparation.
IRISH ESTATE
IS DENIED HER
American Wife of British
Earl Disappointed Because
Spouse Sells Home in Erin
•
FAVORITE OF TENANTS
Need for Monoy Prompts Hus
band of Lady Essex to Dis
pose of Roscommon Realty
fci;ec'al Disnatch to Vha Call.
LONDON. Dec. 31.—Among the inti
mate friends of the American Countess
ol" Ersex it is an open secret that she
la much disappointed at her husband's
decision to sell his Irish estates in Ros
ommon. The former Miss Beach
Grant was eager to be the next Ameri
can woman to establish a residence in
lieland, bo'.h on account of her par
tiality for the country itself and be
cause of the pleasant relations which
exist between her and the tenants on
the Essex estate. But the Earl "needs
the m>;ney." and so his wife's wishes
had to be 'Unregarded. He has been
selling off risht and left lately, a cleri
cal • living" and the right to collect toll
for farm produce on* part of his Wat
ford estates being among the other as
sets on which he has realized.
The countr:- around the Earl's estate
in Roscommun Is most picturesque, and
Lady Essex was fond of spending a
few days annually in the vicinity. The
fishing, shooting and hunting are ex
ceptional, and she always recommended
her friends to spend as much of their
annual holidays there as possible.
It is somewhat significant that since
the Earl's marriage the rents have been
considerably reduced and greater con
siderations have been extended to some
of the poorer tenants, who were not al
ways able to meet their liabilities. If it
were not for these considerations, which
the tenants attribute to Lady Essex,
they would not be sorry to sever theh
connection with his Lordship, because
he hardly ever took any interest ln
them before his marriage beyond exact
ing the last fraction that was due.
The last time that Lady Essex went
over the estate she told some of the
tenants whom she visited that she
would like to come and live among
them during a portion of the year at
least, and that she would look out for
a residence for that purpose. At the
time she was staying with Mrs. Adair
at the latter's place in Donegal, and
she had made such a favorable impres
sion on every one that Donegal and
Roscommon, which adjoin, were de
lighted at the prospect of seeing Lady
Essex setting up a residence in the
neighborhood.
DEMANDS THAT TURKISH
BRIGANDS BE PUNISHED
American Legation in Second Note
Calls Porte's Attention to Failure
to Arrest Robbers.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Dec. 31.—The
American legation has sent another
note to the Porte pointing out that
the brigands who looted a caravan be
longing to the American house of Mc-
Andrews & Forbes of Smyrna, near
Aleppo, Asiatic Turkey, recently, have
not yet been punished.
The note demands that prompt In
structions be sent to the Governor of
Zor, the district in which the outrage
was committed, to arrest and punish
the followers of the notorious Kurd
ish chief, Abraham, who looted the
caravan.
Steamship Abydos to Be Save*
LONDON, Dec. 31. —Advices re
ceived here to-day said that the own
ers of the German steamship Abydos,
from San Francisco, which went
ashore in the Straits of Magellan oil
December 26, had made a contract
with local salvers in the sum of $75,
-000.
ancestral estates of some 13.000 acres,
on the death of his father in 1899, he
has not been so much in evidence at
religious gatherings, but still no sus
picion was entertained that he had be
come a backslider until it was aroused
by his use of the big "D" in his mes
sage to Dr. Lunn and intensified by
publicly expressed "disgust" for what
he termed the latter's "evangelical ef
fusion." The sting of that character
ization lies in the fact that Dr. Lunn
enjoyed no little renown as a religious
exhorter before he found a more profit
able field for his talents in the estab
lishment of a tourists' agency.
Dr. Lunn, it will be recalled, con
ceived the brilliant idea of chartering
a liner for a cruise in the Mediter
ranean under the auspices of a choice
band of peers and at rates commen
surate with the exalted social privi
leges which purchasers of tickets
would enjoy on the voyage. Accord
ing to the doctor, Lord Tankerville ac
cepted the chairmanship of the enter
prise and the free use of two state
rooms for himself and his wife, and
all went swlmmongly until a news
paper, greatly lacking in respect for
coronets, got hold of the story and
made some caustic observations con
cerning the "titled touts" who figured
In the scheme.
SEEKS A RETRACTION.
Thereupon Lord Tankerville Issued
a public disclaimer of any connection
with the affair and asserted that the
use of his name had been entirely un
authorized. Dr. Lunn sought & re
traction. After leading him a' stern
chase through the wilds of Northum
berland Lord Tankerville refused to
see him and sent the message which
has caused his old cronies to chuckle
and the pious associates of his later
years to grieve. Dr. Lunn, it Is un
derstood, will go to law over the mat
ter and society is looking forward to
the threshing out of the case with,
keen delight.
Meanwhile Lord Tankerville does
not appear to be worrying much over
the outcome. At his ancestral seat,
Chillingham Castle in Northumber
land, he recently entertained his High
ness the Duke of Johan-Albrecht of
Mecklenburg-Schwerln and allowed
him to shoot the leader of the famous
herd of wild cattle which roam over
Cedzow Forest.
Lord Tankerville Is 54 years old and
is doubly fortunate in possessing an
American wife—formerly Miss Lenore
Van Marter of Tacoma—and a little
sen, Lord Ossulston, who is the hand
somest boy in the British peerage. His
portrait recently appeared In this cor
respondence. Lord Tankerville, It Is
Interesting to recall, has some sort of
hereditary claim to piety. One of his
ancestors. Baron Ossulston, was a
commissioner in Queen Elizabeth's
time for the suppression of heresy.
Martial Law in Venezuela.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 31.—The
State Department has been advised by-
Minister Russell at Bogota that mar
tial law has been declared In the de
partments of Cundinamarca and San
tander. The dispatch states that this
action was rendered necessary be
cause of the activity of the revolution
ists in Venezuela.
fHE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY 1, 1905
.JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE K £ Sl s^s!^ S ~ -
right
THE BEJT OF ALL GOOD BEJOLUTIONJ:
- llllJr T/PAOEAT 77t£'PMCECl/TTEJf'<5 .
wheue roi/u find row money
mL 00 m3LE mTK
■^ Do You Need fieal Lace or Startthe New Year Saying and Doina Always Tally it's High Time Now to Get You- \
j Battenbcr* Tidies? , S^i\SV°A-M at the Price Cutter's Winter Underwear
U will be to your interest to ™ LADIES' RIMONAS —Made in Yon'l! find no variety no
inject these and pliable; orfe "large rneuf clae" fancy Persian colored designs; yoke. for 8
TIDY —10 square, outse am. mknnish stitching; in gray. shoulder, sleeves and down the INDIES J ES T^— High nee* ana
•MrHffiPV*! ISgMKH butcher linen center, with a , , , t;ur equa , to if not front trimmed with a deep band, in long sleeves made of Peruvian
W H i hand-made Battenberg ™™£ mv inXrted glove fancy broche effect, in contrasting yarn, fleeced lined jersey neck.
ML \ lace edge. Price 25c on ?S colors; finished with hand-made silk Pants to match, French band.
JlMvm li -SgS? ° R P P "HPS* herringbone. The low price and ankle length; in J*"*
Nk MAT—Linen center, with Aye , ~ ?1 SQ . warran ted fitted beauty of this you will more than Price A garment -oc
\ hand-made teneriffe , wheels. ' \varramea nttea. • - at at 98c LADIES' VESTS—The celebrated
qggs * Prlce toe *' Merode make; high neck, long
«|w|«*M t For Hal or Face No Chilblains or Cold feet Tuesday «««SM&'niktfa
1 T,,e new I^* CE VEIL— When you wesr these LADIES' We will have on exhibition some drawers to match..A garmentTßc
IrWfctf I ll§©ff Made in all-silk net. newest CASHMERE HOSE—Plain and of our newest 1905 VEILS, made RUBENS VEST is the proper
ui'lffi • fljMflß chantllly effects, with deep ribbed, double heel and double toes; of all-silk chiffon, 52 inches long, garment for your little ones to
'ij JS, ln» ,ace bor(iei "' 50 inches long; velvet finish, steam shrunk; sanitary satin stripe border and sides; in wear ; no colic or colds when they
I! P in brown or black. Price. SOc black. Price .. . ; 25c brown or black. Price. ...... .45c wea r'these. Fits snugly around the
!' ' 1 / " 111 mi ' * abdomen, velvet finish and double
iPfflfWH W AMTFn Ifi ftnn WAMFM To start New Year by trading SSuA""* 3045!
m W AIN I CU-- IU, WU W UMEIN at the Price Cutter's. We can E^^1 Jg'™5?KBVS
guarantee them a full bank account sleeves, swiss ribbed, pants to
Why Not Start the New Year at t h e end of the year with the money they have saved in comparison with what match; ,n or white prlce 25 *
Right they would have paid had there not. been such a store as the Price Cutter's. Ladies' Handkerchiefs
w5? No Prizes, no Music, no Catchpennies. "Full value given" or "money back" is !
dalty ct flttlng the hard-to-flt. OUT business policy. s?3^J^rm«fftllhsSd»a.
ASWS [ —— ■ ' J^f-o^^^'piSSSSS
sT?j3 : a» Start the New Year Rijht HEBE WE ARE AGAIN I Cheapness, Good Quality and
and unbreakable; princess hip, long Buy a pair of the "Price Cutter's" IU-KX. WL AUftin Warmth Made of fine white Engliah lawn,
over the abdomen; ribbon and lace ABDOMINAL REDUCING HOSE Another sample line of MUS- . . . . . ~r v, c nmmnn. scalloped edge; also hemstitched;
irimnnd. New cut. hand-gored. SUPPORTERS—OnIy to be had LIN UNDERWEAR, which we Are combined in MKjN B, WO»»HH elaborately embroidered in very rich
self -reducing without lacing or here. Made with circular shaped were the lucky ones to get. and CHILDREN S FLANNEL patterns in floral, leaf, bowknot and
pressure. Our price $1.50 pad, with belt attached; four straps The name of the manufacturer GOWNS. other designs:
FOR si ENDER or MEDIUM of fancy frilled elastic, patent but- we are compelled by our agree- MEN'S GOWNS—Made of fancy 15c quality, our price..9©
FIGURES —The new 1005 MODEL ton clasps; in red, pink, blue, also incut to withhold; nevertheless striped tennis flannel, rolling collar, 20c quality, our price...... ,12c
of the celHxrattd ROYAL WOR- black. Our price 25c you will find no better made or pocket well sewed and generously 25c quality, our price ITo
CESTER CORSET, made of satin- finished goods than these. They made; in pink and blue. Price. .50c LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS —
finished Italian doth: low and me- Wiiat ADOVt 3 LavnarV bag comprise gowns, chemises, cor- tAWtSSf fiOWXS Made of col- Made of genuine Shamrock linen;
srr^ ; "««« asses,— ™- isif'CH-tf s ssA-^nsasisg
S&£fem3 Z¥r''*grf^
supporter, attDched I™»h.d wltn „ hem an<i drawl „ e cord; has t£J535 ° Q Price OO" ™f-<>i of pure Belfaet linen, hem-
Read This I 1 8e e .,,.2W.™5, price. 85c | °" bL/ain'price. .Box ot 6 85e §
If you want any oollara to improve ONE-HOUR SALE Fq- H om r Comfort I 1 More Darning
the looks of your dress. I!rTUTr v a »v n . AVTC WAT TD CAT F Old STOCKINGS made new, so
OVER-COLLAR OR RIBBON T n w'V, " UnE-fIUvK 3ALC simple a child can place a new
PROTECTOR—Made of fine em- ..|IVH wutMJta. than the LADIES SACQUE—Made fm»t on an old upper—The new
broiden in the newest Parisian 900 sample pairs of swiss ripple cloth, double-breast- BETWEEN 10 AND patent foot that all wise women
patterns; in openwork and blind W' of LADIES' and ed effect; the new 1905 large sleeve; 1 I O'CLOCK. BFvGH nave hailed with delight. Price..
effects; buttonhole edged. Price.. W, ; \\l \I CHI LD R ENS front, sleeve and collar fancy trim- We will place on 3 pairs 25c
lOc y \L U GLO\ES — Made mcd; in pink, red, blue, gray and Q 2 io BI'RFXU Sf%
iiADIES' TURNOVER COLLARS 9ShH «f l )J e " ch lavender. For Tuesday 98c SCARFS and RUN- W, ' y\l 1905
in point and duchess lace (fac simi- tlm 'f*', a i ni J _ ___ . NERS, made of W J T , un-to dat« T. !
Vt £ a ?ue°s r mercerized patent two U P -tO-Date New WriSt BagS Zi'g wSfsT-^AH-wool^ch l^^:
white; solid or divided. For Tues- (>iagp st a tohed ba <. k: P each pair Made of genuine goat skin, steel InSS large tailored stitched and tucked
da y onlyA7C perfect. They are samples, which frame and patent olasp; lined and ™" c border all front and back; extra wide sleeves;
* f ft j T VcjiriV RpcAlirtinn* generally run better than regular also has coin purse to match; braid- machine braided in large strictly tailor made in every detail, f
AGoodNCWYearSRCSOIVIIOn. =\ tenB , gr&ys whiu? Ed handle. At a very small price Price '. V-™
"Take care of your health! pearl and champagne colors; real 76c 25c and 35c. For this hour. 12% c B* A «.««.* M l t-f,-. I.i
Here Is a cold preventive. worth 25c, 35c and 500. For Oils No more y,,,,, to B cugto . Economical WOUICn
LADIES' CROCHETED SHAWL hour Oc a pair H v Q y Want 10 BC Lallea an m er. None sold to other stores. Here is an opportunity to bny a
—Large size, fancy crocheted stitch; No telephone or mail orders ...... ... m mn—No telephone or mall orders filled. CUSHION COVER AND BACK,
mads of split zephyr, pearl-stitched AHed on these. None sold to ECOnomiCa! and a ! » all finished, hand painted patterns, |
border; In pink, blue, red, also other stores. Kavfrid Wnmin » j. .ricci • t flower designs and many others.
white and black. Price SOc 1 3flVing WOmOR Ladies Golf Skirts Worth 50c. Tuesday's price .25c %
f For the LlttlC Ones tO Start Then ln B i art nil ? e ßT^So^ bUy " Nothing better for comfort or for /
inronQCMDCDP NcwYcarWith — - IZZioTZ inrQnQCMRCDP
lllL nll fll I II n C MII FREEDOM or the FERRIS taffeta, in fancy colored Dresden melton cloth; deep circular flounce; I&a R UIJ L 11D L. li ll
■ ISII V WAIST—Made from imported Eng- patterns the richest colors you have strictly tailor-made; fit and hang as ** WP •■IISfsHIH
IJ «J L tuc DDirc niTTFR hsh twilled cloth, with 6 rows of ever seen; width Xo. 16. Price.. they should; no fear of rain or wa- W \m9 mm THE PRICF cuttfp
ww stitched tailored seams, double rows Yard 18c ter when you wear these, as they are wi
oic U»rk>« C* fi fVCarroll of washable tape buttons; with ad- ALL-SILK TAFFETA RIBBON steam shrunk; in gray and brown. QIC UarkAt II II ft'Farrall 5t
010 MdlKei «■ II U railßll 01. j UBta ble shoulder straps; in white —Raven black, high luster, width Real worth $3.50 and 54.00. New u,u mmi * m * v » i rlllßH Oh ;
utatt. orders SOLICITED. or drab. At the money-saving store, No. 40; for Tuesday only. Price.. Year's Bargain, on sale Tuesday... maid orders solicited.
J price 25c 12 %c $1.95 \ 1
SPENDS SPARE
TIME IN AUTO
Author Conrad Becomes De
votee of Prevailing Craze
and Buys a Fast Machine
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
LONDON, Dec. 31.—Until Joseph Con
rad's motor car knocked down and ran
over a man near Rochester* the other
day it was not generally known by the
sailer-novelist's admirers that he"went
in" for motoring. Conrad caught the
prevailing craze about six months ago,
when he invested in a Panhard, and
sine - then he and his wife have spent
most of their time in motoring in the
neighborhood of Hythe in Kent, where
the author of "Typhoon" does his work
now It was while making the run up
to London from Hythe the other day
that the novelist had his first accident
with his car. The man he ran over was
a laborer named George Field. Mr. and
Mrs. Conrad, their child and Conrad's
chauffeur were in the car at the time.
The injured man brought suit against
the chauffeur, who waa driving the
car in the Rochester County court and
was awarded $105 damages, which was
paid by Conrad.
It was announced recently by no less
an authority than the London Times
that the Right Hon. John Morley was
understood to have consented to write
for a magazine concerning the impres
sions gained on his recent tour in
America. In response to my request
for further information on the subject
Morley writes to say that the Times
report is wholly unfounded.
KIPLING AT THE "CAPE."
Not since his attack of pneumonia in
the United States, several years ago,
has the state of ..udyard Kipling's
lungs made it possible for him to en
dure the English winter. Hence his
present habit of spending the time
from the middle of December to the
beginning of April at the "Cape," for
which v/ith the members of his family,
he left by the Armadale Castle cm Sat
urday last. Last year Kipling did a lot
of motoring during his stay in South
Africa and also took quite an active
part in the political campaign that was
In progress at the time—making several
rousing speeches in favor of the Im
perialistic candidates.
The attempt of William Waldorf As
ter's London magazine, the Pall Mall,
to compete in this country with the
higher priced American monthlies has
failed—that is the significance of the
coming reduction in its price from a
shilling to sixpence—the "popular"
magazine price over here. However, it
Is maintained that the Pall Mail's
really high quality will be kept up, and
the announcements made by its editor,
George R. Halkett, for the new year,
indicate a good intention, at least. They
include a new serial story by H. G.
Wells, Joseph Conrad's "Recollections
of a Seafarer's Life," a new poem by
Thomas Hardy and stories by E. W.
Hornung and other favorite writers.
Fac simile reproductions are to be is
sued shortly of an unusually grim
manuscript which is owned by the Im
perial Library at St. Petersburg. This
is a Koran written by the hand of the
Caliph Osman in 644 A. D„ and the
parchment is stained with ita writer's
blood, for he was assassinated while
reading from it. The reproductions of
the manuscript, which is one of the
most precious of Oriental documents,
will be limited to fifty.
MEMORIAL FOR HENLEY.
A movement is now on foot in Lon
don to place a memorial to the late W.
E. Henley in St. Paul's Cathedral, and
this will probably take the form of a
replica of the famous bust of Henley
executed by Rodin, the French sculp
tor.
Memories of Sir "Walter Besant's most
famous work have been aroused by the
death of Spencer Charrington, M. P.
Besides being the oldest member of the
House of Commons, he was head of the
East End brewery firm, Charrington &
Co., which played so important a part
In "All Sorts and Conditions of Men"
under the name of Marsden & Mes
senger's brewery.
"John Strange Winter," author of
"Bootle's Baby" and many another ro
mance, Is about to follow an example
set a while ago by her contemporary,
the versatile George R. Sims. Like
Sims, who invented "Tatcho," Mrs.
Stannard some time ago turned her at
tention to toilet secrets, and now a
"hair grower," a hair dressing and a
skin lotion are about to be brought out
under her name, or rather un
der her more familiar pen name.
"John Strange Winter" hasn't yet de
cided definitely on names for her prepa
rations, but for the hair-grower Louis
Wain, the cat artist, has designed
quite a taking trade mark. It is a kit
ten, with the legend, "Since using
I have grown into a Persian."
Sims did not give up his newspaper
and dramatic work after launching
"Tatcho," and Mrs. Stannard has no
idea of stopping writing novels, no
matter how successful her various
preparations may become. At the first
bush the novelist as a hair-producer
seems a surprising combination, but
then there has for some years been an
implied connection between literature
and abundant lock 3.
BORRELLY OF MARSEILLES
DISCOVERS NEW COMET
Maverick of the Skies Is Observed
From the American Naval
Observatory-
WASHINGTON, Dec. 31.—The na
val observatory here was notified last
night by cable from Kiel, Germany,
of the discovery of a comet by Bor
relly of Marseilles, right acsension one
hour fourteen minutes, south declina*
tion ten nours, no minutes. This
comet was immediately looked up and
observed by Hammond and Wright of
the naval observatory.
AMERICAN COPYRIGHT
LAW UNDER DISCUSSION
British Authors Air Their Views on
Matter of Vital Interest to
Bookmen.
LONDON, Dec. 31.—The Standard
having- opened its columns to a dis
cussion of the alleged injustice done
British authors by the American copy
right law, numerous prominent wr.t
ers are expressing their opinions on
the subject, without, however, display
ing any unanimity regarding the rem
edy. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle is
strongly for and Hall Came as strong
ly against retaliation. Andrew Lang
confesses the whole question of pro
tection is too metaphysical for him.
The single point upon which there
Is a semblance of agreement is in a
suggestion by Mrs. W. Clifford, ap
proved by Hall Came and others, that
a clause should be inserted in the
American law giving British as well as
We Will Buy
A 50c Bottle of Liquozone and Give It to You to Try.
We want you to know about Liquo-1 food—the most helpful thing in the D^™*~ I>r(W m ,
zone, and the product itself can tell world to you. Its effects are exhilar- Ecsema—Erysipelas Tuberculosis
you more than we. So we ask you to j ating, vitalizing, purifying. Yet it is £e»e r»_ ai\\ stone* Tumors—uicorn
let us buy you a bottle—a full-size j a germicide so certain that we pub- t!Sdiiiim
bottle—to try. Let it prove that it hsh on every bottle an offer of $1000 AU dUease , that wlth fB ver-<eii m
does what medicine cannot do. See 1 for a disease germ that it cannot kill, ".animation—an catarrh—*u contagious dis
what a tonic it is. Learn that it does j The reason is that germs are veget- ti^oT"* 11 "™ IU °' topu " ° f V ° i *° a "
kill germs. Then you will use it al- 1 ables; and Liquozone—like an excess in nervous debility Dtqaosone acta aa a al
ways, as we do, and as millions of of oxygen—is deadly to vegetal tsJl »« r . ■ccompiishina; what no dru*. can do,
others do. matter. Rrvs-s-If* Fr»f»f»
This offer itself should convince There lies the great value of Liquo- ouw DUluc r,cc '
you that Liquozone does as we claim, zone. It is the only way known to Tf j t : ouozone anf i u---
We would certainly not buy a bottle kill germs m the body without killing please send us this
and give it to you if there was any the tissue, too. Any drug that kills coupon . We wi ii then mail you an or
doubt of results. You want those re- germs is a poison, and it cannot be d a local drugg ist for a full
suits; you want to be well and to keep taken Every physician size bottle, and we will pay the drug
well. And you can't do that-nobody knows that medicine is almost help- is t oursel v es f or it. This is our fr*e
can—without Liquorone. less in any germ disease. Jj ft> made tQ convittce you . to show
We Paid $100,000 Gctmi Diseases. S^k^^
z F o°ne XiISStL aft- «
D?oducWor ?wo years,through physi 82*£ is to help Nature overcome Liquozone costs 50c. and $1.
proauct 8 the germs, and such results are mdi- _
thou S sa nt of P dife rect and Unc " tain - Liquozone attacks I CUT OUT THIS COUPON 1
thousands of <MH*rent "!! S St *„ J the B erm9 » wherever they are. And i for thi. offer may not appear «g»m. Fin
Liquozone destroys the cause ot any , th wn ; c u . out the bianka and man it to The Uquo
trerm disease j ♦! g j *i. !?• * dlScase cone Company. 488-464 Wabash Aye.. Chl
gcrm oißcasc. are destroyed the disease must end. , c»*o.
Liquozone has, for more than 20 j d fortver. That is inevitable. m? disease
years, been the cons ant subject of Aathma rev. r -!n fl v. a « wiu^r^a^f i e
Scientific and chemical research. It IS Abscess—Anaemia Kidney Diseases JJji; li W J wlll
not made by compounding drugs, nor &corV P h« „.
with alcohol. Its Virtues are derived Brunt's Disease U Te r Troubles
solely from gas-largely. oxygen gas M^^T^ie,
—by a process requiring immense ap- consumption ,
DaratUS and 14 days' time. The result Colic—Croup Pleurisy—Quinsy 514 - Olv. full sddresr.-write plainly."
J_ t•, ■ j ,t,_, J O .« what nrvirfti Constipation Rheumatism 1 1 I
IS a Liquid that does wnat oxygen Catarr h—Cancer Scrofula—Syphilis Any physician or hospital not ye* nslna
does. It IS a nerve food and blood • Dysentery—Diarrhea skin Diseases Uqooson* will he sladly supplied for a toss.
foreign authors the privilege of copy
right within one year.
Oil Cargo Goes to Waste
RICHMOND, Va„ Dec. 31.—The
stranded steamship Northwestern,
bound from Port Arthur, Tex., to New
York with oil, which went ashore on
Diamond Shoals and from which the
crew was rescued with great difficul
ty, broke In two to-day and the full
cargo of Texas oil ran into the ocear.
Mrs. J. Coughlan & Co.,
229 Sutter street. Special sale balance
of elegant trimmed hats, toques and bon
nets, commencing Tuesday, Jan. 3; price,
$5.00 and upwards. •
Arbitration Treaty With Spain.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 31.—Mr. Ojeda,
the Spanish Minister, to-day signed,
with Secretary Hay, an arbitration
treaty between Spain and the United
States.
POET TO DEVOTE PRIZE
MONEY TO A MUSEUM
Frederick Mistral Will Spend Large
Sam In Developing Institution
at Aries.
PARIS, Dec. 31.—Frederick Mistral,
the Provencal poet to whom was
awarded $10,000 as half bis share In
the Nobel prise for literature, will do*
vote the entire sum to the develop
ment and the Installation of the
Ethnological Museum founded by him
at Aries.
The municipal authorities agree to
furnish a building, the construction ot
which will cost $50,000. Edward
Leon, an American residing at Avig
non, offers $10,000 as a subscription
and undertakes to arrange for lec
tures in New York, Philadelphia, Bos
ton and Baltimore to help the fond.
If to pick up a pin brings good luck,
the bowling alley attendants should
have plenty of It.STORM VISITS
THE SOUTHLAND
Los Angeles, San Diego and
San Luis Obispo Counties
Receive a Good Drenching
( HOPS ARE BENEFITED
m _
Present Rain Will Lessen
tlit 1 Necessity for Irriga
tion of the Fruit Crop
♦
Special Diroatch to Tha Call.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 81.—The storm
which visited the northern and cen
tral portions of the State yesterday
ed this county about 8 o'clock
this morning and has remained with
us' all day. The prospect is that
'showers will continue through the
night and that the storm will give a
fjiilJ of more than an inch. Up to 5
o'clock this evening the fall in the city
had amounetd to .80 of an inch.
.From the reports received from all
over the county it would seem that
the rain had reached about every
portion west of the mountains. The
•heaviest fall Is reported on Cuyamaca
Mountain, where at 4 o'clock this aft
ernoon the gauge showed that the fall
had been more than 1 inch. The low
est fall was reported from a number
of ■ places where It was thought half
an . inch had fallen during the day.
-Planting is going on throughout the
county and was in progress before the
rains came. The rain will start the seed
and with later rains of reasonable ex
tent good crops will be assured. The
•rain will help the oranges, which are
now filling out and coloring.
'LOS ANGELES, Dec. 31. — Rain,
which commenced to fall In Los An
geles at 10 o'clock last night, continued
intermittently until 10 o'clock this
morning. The total fall recorded here
during.that time Is 1.69 Inches, mak
' big.the total for the season 3.59. At
'San : LuiB Obispo 1.50 Inches was record
ed. . The rain also appeared general
farther : south.
•The benefit to growing crops will be
great* Vegetation will be revived and
plowing and the planting of crops can
proceed. The necessity for irrigation
«if .the fruit crop will be lessened and
the crop greatly benefited.
■Some damage was done throughout
rhhl cjty- by the rain, which fell heav
ily- between 3 and 4 o'clock this morn
ing. • The Street Superintendent esti
mates, the damage to new streets,
•ters and curbing at about $2000. The
east retaining wall of the new Blllicke-
Rowan $750,000 hotel under course of
('instruction at Fifth and Spring
t-'troets- caved in with the weight of
the. \\ ater-soaked earth, broke the
water mains and flooded the excava
te.-!: doing damage to the extent of
several thousand dollars. Other slight
'damage is reported at various points
in the-city.
Men say so much because they want
.;> smart, and bo much because they
ar afraid to say otherwise, that It's
difficult to find out Just what they
really think.
ADVERTISEMENTS. - -
PACIFIC STATES TELEPHONE
AND TELEGRAPH COMPANY
'~ v E.A.ST office
> ib ! aiin)i^'ii nhi"'in.,. iiliim iii iLocated on the West Side of Hyde Street,
" Between Sutter and Bush Streets
™ " ' .1. composed of three stories and basement and is absolutely
I—- .. * "~. " |"j fireproof. The entire top floor will be used for operating purposes. The
— -fIHMf; «^iisssa^.r l s^^r-"^f^* ss^n- " ' ; ~ front half of the second f.oor will be used for operators' retiring and
— • jr ~~" ■ . ' , j- _ lunch rooms; the rear of the second floor will contain distributing frames,
iT^P^^ m > hf? P \* _ motors, generators and all other apparatus. The first floor will be used for
— "jMIMJ ■ ■ !rsj: 'JWWWC — P ublic conversation room, Manager's office, clerks, repairmen, etc.
Tfo 0/ Me /s $65,000.00
jlHp f'' ~ i The apparatus to be installed will be of the very latest design, having
W&Z '~MrlP^~" all the modern improvements, and will cost about $90,000.00.
'" ?r The switchboard will be of the multiple type, having a capacity for
9600 stations. When this equipment is entirely consumed a second switch-
board will be placed, of the same size and capacity as the one now being
■ Soon after the cut-over from Sutter street, west of Hyde Building,
jBBBBBBBBOT which will take place about the first of March, it is the intention to change all
of the subscribers' instruments to the new style common battery.
• . I This building is one of five that are in course of erection or in contem-
, r * plation. The other four buildings are located as follows:
At the corr\er of Pine and Steiner Streets. m^'l
West Mission Street, near Thirteenth Street.
TELEPHONE BUILDIING South side of Bush Street, between Kearny and Dupont.
West side of Hyde street, Between Sutter and Bush streets New Montgomery Street, between Minna and Natoma.
BURTON HOLMES
WILL TALK OF
HIS JOURNEYS
BURTON' HOLMES. THE FAMOUS
LECTURER, WHO WILL BE
HEARD IN THIS CITT.
This season the Burton Holmes
travelogues are to be given in Lyric
Hall, beginning January 10 and 11.
Twelve years ago Mr. Holmes began
his lectures more as an amusement
than as a profession in Chicago. Year
by year they have grown in popularity
until now his tour extends annually
from the Pacific to the Atlantic and
even to England, where last season he
made a great success and where he is
again to be heard this coming spring.
Mr. Holmes has kept abreast of the
times in every way. ' Starting with
beautifully colored lantern slides as
the only means of illustration he added
colored moving panoramas and orig
inal motion pictures, until now his
travelogues are scarcely less realistic
than an actual personal journey. His
coming series will be devoted to the
following subjects: "In London,"
"Round About London," "Beautiful
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1905.
FIGHT FLAMES
IN NAVY YARD
Two Mysterious Fires Call
Out Marines and Sailors
at League Island Station
FORM BUCKET BRIGADE
•
Four Men Are Overcome by
Smoke and Jackies Fall
Into River During Battle
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 31.—Hundreds
of marines and sailors, buckets in hand,
to-day aided the navy yard fire depart
ment and the crew of the Government
tug Modoc in fighting two small fires
of mysterious origin at League Island,
sparks from which threatened to de
stroy the great drydock in course of
construction. The fires started within
an hour of each other on the platform
of a towering wooden crane on the
bank to the west of the drydock. The
crane, 175 feet high, was saved by a
party of marines who climbed up the
blazing structure and fought the fire at
close range.
Four marines were overcome by
smoke, and two sailors from the Den
ver in their eagerness to reach the
scene fell into the river. They were
rescued.
Rear Admiral Dickens, the command
ant, probably will appoint a board of
inquiry and have a thorough investiga
tion made as to the cause of the fires.
The marine guard was at once doubled.
BUILDING TRADES COUNCIL
OP SAN JOSE IS ENJOINED
Court Issues Order Restraining Mem
bers From Boycotting a Palo Alto
Lumber Dealer.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 31—Judge Tuttlb
this morning decided the damage suit
of J. F. Parkinson, a lumber dealer of
Palo Alto, against the Building Trades
Council of this county, awarding the
plaintiff judgment for $1 and costs
and a perpetual injunction against the
defendants, restraining them from
boycotting his business. The court
stated that it was evident that the
fendants used only persuasive meth
ods and it was impossible to determine!
to what extent damage had been in
flicted upon the plaintiff.
* +
Ireland." "The Russian Empire" and
"Japan." The photographs are from
negatives of Mr. Holmes' own taking
and the motion pictures in the main
the work of either himself or his fel
low traveler. Oscar Bennett Depue.
who has been his lantern operator and
electrical expert ever since his maiden
lecture twelve years ago.
In San Francisco Mr. Holmes will
give two parallel courses exactly alike.
Course A will be given on January 10.
12, 14, 17 and 19, and course B Jan
uary 11. 13, 16, 18 and 20. Sale of
course tickets $4, $3 and $2 opens at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. Mall orders
accompanied by check will receive
prompt attention in order of their re
ceipt-
TRAMPS MURDER
AN AGED MINER
George Dunn, Who Is Said to
Have Been filch, Is Found
Dead in a Lonely Cabin
.SLAYERS USE A CLUB
Three Hoboes Are Arrested
on Suspicion and Held
Pending an Investigation
S:ec;ial DUpatcn to Th* Call
CRESCENT CITY, Dec. 31.—George
Dunn, a miner, aged 84 years, was
found murdered Friday night in his
cabin on the Grants Pass and Cres
cent City wagon road, forty miles from
this city. He had been beaten to
death with a dub. Physicians who
examined the body say that the crime
must have been committed during the
early part of the week.
Dunn trp,» one of the best known
miners in this section and was reputed
to be quite wealths'. Robbery is sup
posed to have prompted the crime, but
It is believed that the murderers did
not secure more than $100.
Three tramps have been arrested on
suspicioo and the Sheriff and his depu
ties are now searching for a fourth
hobo, who is known to have been in
the company of the men in custody.
The prisoners were in the vicinity of
Dunn's cabin about the time he came
to his death and were without funds.
When arrested they all had money and
moreover had spent considerable coin
at a roadhouse.
MONTANA YOUTH SHOT
WHILE "PLAYING DUEL"
Mimic Affair of Honor Lends to Scrl-
ous Injury of One of the
Participants.
HARLEM. Mont., Deo. 31.—Clyde
Turner, a well-known young man, was
shot and seriously wounded at an early
hour this morning by Lorin Tolbert,
his companion, while the two boys
wrre "playing duel."
Turner in a spirit of fun challenged
Tolbert to a duel and the latter fol
lowing the actions of his playmate
quickly grabbed a revolver which he
thought to be empty and snapped the
trigger, the bullet passing through
Turner's chest. The officers held the
sho6tlng to be purely accidental.
DISAPPOINTED IN LOVE.
SHE GROWS WEARY OF LIFE
Young Woman of Watsonville Drown*
Herself In a Barrel of
Rain Water.
WATSONVILLE. Dec. 31.—Annie T.
Trucks'on, a prominent society young
woman of this city, committed suicide
this morning by drowning herself In a
barrel used to conserve rain water in
the rear of her residence. The de*
ceased was 26 years of age. Disap
pointment in a love affair is ascribed
for her action.
STOCK BROKERS
FEAR AN ATTACK
Sharp Dip in Prices Is Due
to Dread of Dire Happen
ings Predicted for Future
SPIRIT'OF UNCERTAINTY
Steady Uplifting of Prices
Makes Last Week of Year
in Wall Street Cheerful
NEW YORK, Dec. 31.—There waa a
rather marked revival of apprehension
of a successful attack upon the stock
market to-day, caused by a renewed
proclamation of dire things to happen
next week by the same authority that
upßet the recent market. The sharp
dip in prices to-day was clearly as
signable to that dread. The day's trad
ing was in consequence rather ani
mated, contrary to expectations, as the
piincipal motive for holding a session
was to bring together the members to
the annual New Year frolic which fol
lowed the sesalon of the exchange. The
spirit of uncertainty thus awakened in
duced considerable throwing over of
stocks accumulated during the week's*
rise and resulted in an effective cur
tailment of that rise.
Amalgamated Copper showed Itself
sensitive to the new threat to the mar
ket, but that stock was supported in
the later dealings and closed un
changed. The Pacifies were notably
weak and were affeoted by the denial
of a rumor set in circulation that the
Northern Securities decision had been
handed down. United States Steel pre
ferred was under pressure and showed
poor rallying power, its fresh decline
in the late dealings contributing to the
irregular closing.
The hank statement reflected only a
part of the expected cash gain, but the
shifting of trust company acounts and
the annual settlements were to be reck
oned with as confusing influences on
thf statement, and the showing was
not an inlluence on stocks. Neither was
there anything in the day's news af
fecting properties to influence the op
erations in the market.
Total sales of bonds, par value, $3,
-365,000.
The closing week of the year has
been a cheerful one in Wall street.
There has been a quiet and stejrdy up
lift to prices, without signs of feverish,
ness or speculative excitement except
that the trading showed considerable
growth of animation toward the last
by roason of the encouragement caused
by the advance. The distrust and un
settlement due to the sudden collapse
of last month have largely subsided as
the sensational features of the cam
paign against prices were eliminated.
The news affecting property values
has been uniformly favorable. The
needs of an uncovered short interest
undobutedly plaj-ed some part also in
the buying. But the conviction seems
well founded that the demand was
largely of a more substantial character.
Investors were in the market in antici
pation of the resources which are to
accrue to them from the January dis
THE EMPOBIOL
bursements of interest, which are to be
on a scale unprecedented.
A summary of the year's operations
on the Stock Exchange shows that the
volume of business was greatly ln ex
cess of last year. Dealings in the list
ed stocks showed an increase of more
than 20,000.000 shares compared with
1903. In unlisted stocks the .business
for 1904 was fully 6.500,000 shares in ex
cess of 1903, while the dealings in Gov
ernment, State and unlisted bonds was
greater by many millions of dollars.
The close of the year was celebrated
with much enthusiasm on the Stock
Exchange. Long before the close of the
market the galleries were crowded with
Bayly dressed women. Promptly at
noon the celebration began, the pro
gramme being opened with "America"
by a military band. This was followed
by other patriotic airs, while on the
floor the members engaged in impromp
tu football games and the throwing
of confetti.
CHICAGO. Dec. 31. —A vaudeville per
formance was arranged for this after
noon at the Board of Trade to t,ake the
place of the customary throwing of
bags of flour and grain to celebrate the
closing of the business of the year. A
stage was fitted up In the "cell room"
and professional talent engaged for the
occasion. All money cleared by the
performance will be given to charity.
Army Orders
WASHINGTON. Dec. 31.—8y order
of the War Department Post Commis
sary Sergeant Joseph A. Favler of Port
Lawton, Wash., is transferred to Van
couver barracks. Wash. He will be
sent to that post, reporting upon ar»
rival to the commanding officer for
duty. First-class Sergeant G. X. Miller,
Signal Corps. Fort Wood, N. V., will
be sent to Renicia barracks with, a
view to duty in the Philippine Islands.
FEDERAL GRAND JURY
INDICTS BANK OFFICIAL
Holds Defunct Oklahoma Institution's
President Accountable for Failure
of the Concern.
GUTHRIE. O. T.. Dec. 31.—C. E.
Billingsley. president of the Capitol
National Bank, which failed here last
June with nearly a million dollars in
deposit, was indicted on seven counts
by the Federal Grand Jury, which has
been considering the bank cases for
the past seventeen days. Billingsley
was arrested and gave bond for $10.
-000 and was released.
The Grand Jury states that the faiU
ure of the bank was due to bad loan*
and that entries were made In the
books of the bank with the intention
of misleading the examiner as to the
true condition of the bank. The
Grand Jury reports that it found that
Billingsley borrowed $35,000 of the
bank on his own note to pay a 53 per
cent levied by the Comp
troller on his stock.
GOVERNMENT POSITION
FOR WORLD'S FAIR FLORIST
Man Who Beautified the Exposition
Grounds at St. Louis to Go
to Washington.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 81.— H. Btocke,
chief florist at ths World's Fair, has
tendered his resignation to the exposi
tion company. Stocks will depart
early ln January for Washington. D.
C. where he will accept a position
with the Government. It has been
estimated that during his service with
the World's Fair Stocks planted more
than 15,000,000 plants.
6132
o4 NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA >o
DESERTS FIANCEE
ON WEDDING EVE
Beautiful Berkeley Girl Left
. to Mourn Sweetheart Who
Broke His Pledge' to Her
DESTROYS HER FINERY
Bertha Schumacher Hides to
Conceal Grief Caused by
. Henry Chamberlain's Act
om, Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Dec. 31
With trousseau all prepared, wed
ding: flnery complete and hope and
happiness brimming: over in her heart.
Bertha Schumacher, a well-to-do
young woman, who came to Berkeley
from Germany a year ago, waited in
vain on her wedding day for the conu
ing of the man who had wooed and
won her love.
. She was to have been married a
fortnight ago to Henry Chamberlain,
a business man, with interests at Peta
luma and Berkeley. The wedding ring
had been purchased, the license pro
cured and the minister engaged. While
the. happy bride-to-be waited ex
pectantly for her lover's coming, he.
for some mysterious reason, settled
all his affairs, disposed of his business
and disappeared completely. No word
was sent to Miss Schumacher and she
was left, heartbroken, to the fate of
one deserted in a strange land by a
man she trusted implicitly. So severe
was the shock to her sensibilities that
the young woman destroyed her wed
ding finery and went for peace of mind
to.a seaside resort, where she is now
in seclusion.
• Miss Schumacher lived at the home
of Mrs. Carl F. Martens. 2223 Char
ming" way. She came from Germany
ten .months ago and in the course of
her travels became acquainted with
Mrs. Martens, who is also a German.
Miss Schumacher is possessed of a
corflpetency and lived unostentatiously
in Berkeley with her friend, to whom
she was sincerely attached. Mrs. Mar
tens said to-day:
"The marriage of Miss Schumacher
to : Mr". Chamberlain has been post
poned. It is not Miss Schumacher's
wish to have the matter become pub
lic".and she cannot be seen regarding
the affair. She has left Berkeley for
tlie present. It is a sad situation,
•deeply deplorable. Mr. Chamberlain's
action in the matter and his disappear
•arice. constitute a complete mystery
to all of us. /
"The wedding- was to have taken
plrce in the German Evangelical Luv
theran Church of Berkeley, with Rev.
J. B. Lang to perform the ceremony.
Miss Schumacher would have made a
beautiful bride. Her heart Is broken
how, I fear. I think she will return
to. Germany, where her family conec
tions are anxious to have* her live. She
was' in America for pleasure and
recreation."
FORMER NOMINEE FOR
'• STATE SENATOR ARRESTED
George E. Faw C harged by R, D
de -Lappe With Misdemeanor
Embezzlement.
' OAKLAND, Dec. 31. —George E.
Faw, - the local agent for the American
Insurance Company and former Dem
6cratic nominee for State Senator, was
arrested this morning on a charge of
misdemeanor embezzlement. The ac
cusation is made by R. D. de Lappe,
the general agent of the company,
who says that while in his employ last
July Faw insured Miss Maggie Norton
and' collected a premium of $54, for
which he failed to account.
But for the fact that Faw was
•working on a 20 per cent commis
sion, which, deducted from the
amount of the premium reduces the
alleged embezzlement to $41 20, Faw
would have been forced to face a fel
ony charge.
Murriage Licenses,
• OAKLAND, Dec. 31.—The follow
• log marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Thomas D.
Mus'grove, 53, and Cintha Ogle, 59,
'both of Oakland; Charles E. Hall,
over "21, and Mary E. Chase, over 18,
both of Oakland; John M. Dilva, 29,
Arroyo Grande, and Margaritha A. de
• Avila, 19, San Lorenzo; John K. Hunt
er/ over 21, and Jessie B. Barstow,
over 18, both/of Oakland; John B.
Jessen, over 21, and Catherine F. An
drews, over 18, both of Oakland; Ira
: C. Flemming, 29, and Alice A. White,
. 2*3, both of Elmhurst; Harry J. Bar
den, over 21, and Lillian Delaney, over
18, both of San Francisco; Bernhardt
M.'Sharry, over 21, and Annie A. Per
• ry,- over 18, both of Oakland; Albert
•H. Cuthbert, over 21, and Clara It.
Westerman, over 18, both of San
- Francisco; William E. D. Bassett, 36,
Chlco,. and Mary Dickey, 37, Mott;
Benjamin F. Whltaker, 39, and Mary
■A. Barrell, 40, both of Oakland;
George D. Cotton, over 21, and Har
riet C. Hunter, over 18, both of Oak
land.
• • "Do you think that honesty pays in
politics?" asked the young- man with
the alert countenance.
"My : friend," answered Senator Sor
ghum. "I don't like the style of your
questions. Any man who takes up
honesty aa a speculation is liable to get
tired of waiting for diviaends and run
to the opposite extreme."—Washington
Star.
AX> VERTISEMKXTS.
WORMS
-*I writ* to let yon know how I appreciate you
Cascarett. I commenced taking them )»• t Norem
bar and took two ten cent boxes and passed a tape*
worm 14 ft. long. Then I commenced taking them
again and Wednesday. April 4th, I pui«d another
tape worm 2S ft. long and over a thousand small
worms. Previous to my taking Caacarets 1 didn't
know I had a tape-worm. I always had a small
appetite."
Wm. T. Brawn, I*4 Franklin St.. Brooklyn, X. T.
The Bowels
CANDY CAT MASTIC
■rear SUMS. Weaken or '<S?Jp**H». me. *"s*m
•old in balk. The genuine table* stamped 000.
Craafasteed to ear* or your money bask.
Sterling- Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 894
ANNUAL SALE, TEN MILLION BOXES
LOVE'S SURPRISES MAKE
YEAR'S END MERRY.
Miss Annette King to
Wed Theodore
Jenkins.
Misses Gaskill and
Crellin Announce
Engagements.
BY ZOE GREEN RADCLLFFK.
OAKLAND, Dec. 31. —Before the
year that is now dawning- draws to a
close Miss Annette King of Sah Fran
cisco will have joined the ranks of
matrons. Her engagement to Theo
dore Jenkins of Baltimore, Md., has
just been announced and the news
will be a happy surprise for her many
friends.
Miss King- is the youngest daughter
of Dr. and Mrs. W. Z. King of San
Francisco and the only sister of Mrs.
Percy Clay Black of this city, whose
own wedding a year or so ago was an
Interesting society event. Petite, vi
vacious and musically accomplished.
Miss King has many admirers and
friends who will wish her every joy
that may come with the new year and
her neW found happiness.
His fiance is a member of an old
Southern family and has only recent
ly become a citizen of the Golden
State. He holds a responsible position
with the Southern Pacific Company,
being- assistant cashier in the gen
eral passenger agent's department. No
date has been set for the wedding, but
it will doubtless be one of the import
ant affairs of the coming year.
With the birth of the New Tear
comes the announcement of two en
gagements full of interest to the social
world—those of Miss Jane Crellin and
Roger B. Friend and Miss Edith Gas
kill and Roy McCabe. The engagements
were made public at a tea given this
afternoon at the residence of Mrs.
Thomas Crellin, 1394 Alice street, at
which the brides-to-be were the guests
of honor. As the guests arrived the
secret was whispered to each by Miss
Chrissie Taft.
More than one hundred guests were
present at the tea and congratulations
mingled with good wishes for the com
ing year were showered upon the hap
py young ladles, who before another
New Year has come will have become
the brides of the men of their choice.
Miss Crellin is the daughter of
Thomas Crellin. president of the Cen
tral Bank of this city and the Morgan
Oyster Company and prominently con
nected with several of the largest mer
cantile enterprises of the State. Roger
B. Friend is a son of William H.
Friend, former postmaster of Oakland,
and is a brother of the Rev. William N.
Friend, pastor of the First Presbyte
rian Church of Golden, Colorado. Mr.
Friend is the general manager of the
Pacific Coast agency of the Providence
Insurance Company. He is at present
living in this city.
While the date of the wedding has
not yet been made public. It is under
stood that it will take place early In the
summer of the coming year.
Miss Edith Gaskill is the daughter of
Mrs. B. A. Gaskill of 573 Fifteenth
street. She is one of the most popular
members of Oakland's younger social
set. The young lady is a sister of Var
ney W. Gaskill, former Deputy Collec
tor of the port of San Francisco. Roy
McCabe is the son of the late J. P. Mc-
Cabe. a well-known ranch owner near
Byron, Contra Costa County. The
young man is a graduate of the Uni
versity of California ln the class of
1901. He was captain of the 1901 fresh
man football team. His mother, Mrs.
M. J. McCabe, and his sister now live
at the Empire, in San Francisco. The
young man is at present managing the
large ranch near Byron, where he will
make his permanent home. The wed
ding day has not been named.
With numberless tin horns blowing
a raucous requiem for the old year
and noisy greeting to the new. Miss
J(.vsie Barstow and John R. Hunter
plighted their troth. The wedding
took place in the charming little home
of Mr. and Mrs. Joe Ghirardelll on
Market street, and the sound of hilar
ity characteristic of a California New
Year's eve came softened by distance
to the ears of the wedding guests
It was a prtty little wedding
charming in every detail and '05 was
treading close on the heels of '04 be
fore the newly married pair fled from
the showers of rice and good wishes
into the balmy radiance of a honey
moon.
The bride was exquisitely gowned ln
white mousseline, the shirred skirt
and bodice being elaborately decorat
ed with embroidered chiffon and Val
enciennes lace. The long veil was
caught to the coiffure with a diamond
sunburst, the groom's gift, and the
bridal bouquet was a shower of white
chrysanthemums.
charmi nX young relatives of
the bride. Miss Mabel Reed and Miss
Elva Brown, officiated as ribbon bear
ers, their gowns being the daintiest
combinations imaginable of white
point d'esprit embroidered In pink
Little Carmen Ghirardelll, all in
white from the ribbon In her long
dark hair to her small slippered feet
walked before the bride, scattering
rcse leaves, and Carlton Wines, the
brides small nephew, also In white
carried the ring. W. R. Barstow at
tended the groom. The nuptial knot
was tied by Rev William Carson
Shaw, pastor of the Church of the
Advent.
The decorations, though simDle
were very artistic, the embowered win
dow in which the ceremony took place
being especially attractive. Tall potted
plants lined the curved recess, while
across the archway smllax and white
chrysanthemums were held In place
with loveknots of white ribbon.
Many very handsome gowns were
noticeable in the assembly of weddine
guests, the bride's mother, Mrs. Bar
stow, wearing a beautiful imported
dress of black, embroidered In helio
trope. Mrs. Ohirardelli wore a very
pretty cream colored crepe de chine,
with elaborate garniture of duchess
lace, and Mrs. I* B. Wines, another
sister of the bride, was gowned in
white point d'esprlt, richly made.
Mr. and Mrs. Hunter have gone
south and on their return will reside
lrt the old Anson Barstow home on
Franklin street until their own home
which they contemplate building, Is
complete. .
• • •
A. J. WHlson gave a dinner last
Thursday evening in honor of his
brother, William Willson, superintend
ent of the powder works at Ashburn,
Mo. Those present were: A. J. Will
son. William Willson, John Berming
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY t 1905
POPULAR GIRL WHO WILL BE
COME BRIDE OF THEODORE
JENKINS OF BALTIMORE
FORM A STATE
ORGANIZATION
Commercial and Shorthand
Teachers of California Are
to Hold Annual Meetings
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 31.
A permanent State organization,
known as the Business Educators' and
Shorthand Teachers' Association of
California, has Just been formed by the
instructors in the various business col
leges throughout the State. The next
meeting of the association will be held
at Berkeley at the &ame time that the
convention of the State teachers is
held In that city.
The new organization was formed
at the convention of commercial, and
shorthand teachers just held at* the
Polytechnic Business College In this
city. The following officers were
elected for the first year: President, J.
K. Humphreys, Stockton; vice presi
dent, Professor B. S. Sprouse, Fresno;
secretary and treasurer, E. K. Howard,
Sacramento.
It is the purpose of the association
to hold annual conventions for the dis
cussion of practical methods of edu
cating young men and women for a
business life and it is proposed, if pos
sible, to hold these gatherings at the
same time and place as those of the
State Teachers' Association in order
that the members of one association
may attend the sessions of the other.
Nearly every business college in the
State was represented at the conven
tion just ended. Among those who
tcok part in the discussion of import
ant subjects were: D. George White,
San Jose; W. W. Cooley, secretary of
the Oakland Association of Commer
cial and Shorthand Teachers; James
Ferguson, San Francisco; J. H. Ayde
lotte of Heald's Business College; B.
F. Allison of the Oakland Polytechnic
High School; Professor Sweet, Santa
Rosa; Professor A. Jansen, Santa
Cruz; Professor B. S. Sprouse, Fresno;
J. R. Howe Jr., Sacramento: Z. P.
Smith, San Jose; F. O. Gardner.
Stockton; Mrs. Grace A. Spears, Oak
land; C. L. Springer, Santa Cruz; Mrs.
E. R. Ayers, San Francisco; J. M.
Davis, San Francisco; H. C. Ingram,
Oakland; J. R. Stouffer, San Fran
cisco; Professor Pierce. Woodland;
Professor Craddock, Eureka; E. H*.
Gowen, Stockton; Walter E. Creigh
tcn, San Francisco; R. V. Dixon, Oak
land, and Robert E. Gallagher, San
Francisco.
The members of the executive com
mittee in charge of the convention
were: J. R. Humphreys, W. E. Gibson
and J. R. Howe.
COURT ALLOWS WEBER
A FAMILY ALLOWANCE
Directs Administrator to Pay Prisoner
$125 a Month and $1400 for
Counsel Fees.
AUBURN, Dec. 31.—Judge Prewett
to-day made an allowance of $1400
for attorneys' fees and 3125 a month
family allowance in the Weber case.
The charge of murder against Adolph
Weber for the killing of his mother
will be taken up January 26. The
time of the trial on the other murder
charges and on the bank robbery has
not been set.
The attorneys for the defense have
been sending out letters to prominent
citizens in different- portions of the
county with a view to ascertaining
public sentiment so as to base their
plea for a change of venue. The Joke
is that many of these letters have been
reforwarded by the recipients to Judge
Prewett.
Railroad Offices Are to Be Merged.
PORTLAND, Dec. 81. —R. r.
Ritchie, Pacific Coast agent of the Chi
cago and Northwestern Railroad, with
headquarters at San Francisco, is in
Portland to effect the merging of the
offices of the Chicago, St. Paul, Minne
apolis and Omaha with those of the
Chicago and Northwestern goad.
The office of general agent will be
filled by W. A Cox, who has been up
to this time general agent for the
Northwestern at Philadelphia.
ham Jr., Frank Roller, R. s. Fenn!
man, Frank Turner, W. J. Webster
F. H. Plttman, N. L. Nielsen Jr., C. m'
Wood, E. M, Carr and J. H. Read.
TWO ALAMEDANS
MEET FOOTPADS
Albert Moses Gives Over His
Coin, but Robber Declines
to Take Watch Offered Him
HIGHWAYMAN IS POLITE
H. D. Perry Puts to Flight a
Stranger Who Ordered Him
to Hold Up His Hands
ALAMEDA, Dec. 31.—Hold-up men
and their pistols have invaded this city
ln the wake of the burglars and house
breakers who were very active here last
week and to-day two instances of en
counters with footpads were made
known by persons who were forced to
look into the dangerous end of the
highwaymen's revolvers.
Albert Moses, who is a student at the
University of Pennsylvania, and who is
spending the holiday season with rela
tives here, reports that while he was
walking along Central avenue, east of
High street, Thursday night at 8
o'clock he was confronted by a strangei
who stepped from behind a tree and,
shoving a pistol into Moses' face, com
manded him to hand over what cash he
had. 1 Moses asserts that he gave the
robber 50 cents, and when he was pre
paring to pass him his watch the foot
pad said: "Please keep that. All I want
is money." Moses describes the high
wayman as short and stocky and boy
ish in actions and speech.
H. D. Perry is the second person to
relate how he met a highwayman
Thursday night. He was traveling
along Buena Vista avenue, near Ever
ett street, on his way to the home ot
Henry Heintz, at 1117 Broadway. Be
fore reaching his destination, Perry
says, he was accosted by a would-be
robber, who ordered him to throw up
his hands, at the same time making a
move as if to draw a gun. Perry says
that he made ready for resistance and
when the footpad observed this he
broke and ran. Perry Is unable to give
any description of the man.
SAYS HUSBAND
IS BIGAMIST
Addle Ampuero Wants Ties
Severed, as She Says There
Is Another Wife in Case
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 31.
Alleging- that her husband already
has one wife, Mrs. Addle E. Ampuero
has begun an action for the annull
ment of her marriage with John B.
Ampuero. This action was begun only
after her life had been made miserable
by receiving letters from the woman
claiming to be Mrs. Ampuero No. 1
telling Mrs. Ampuero No. 2 that she
was not legally married to Ampuero
and had no claim upon him. Accord
ing to the statement of Attorney Phil
Walsh his client has had the woman
claiming to be the real Mrs. Ampuero
arrested once for disturbing her peace,
but the letters came just the same,
and now she intends to have her mar
riage annulled.
Following- up the arrest of her hus
band, Vincenze Addiajo, yesterday for
battery, Mrs. Marie Addiajo has begun
a suit for divorce against him. He is a
bootblack and Is said to have threat
ened to kill her as soon as he gains
his liberty. She also charges him with
having tried to poison her by putting
rough-on-rats in her coffee in order
to get a $1500 life insurance policy.
She asks for the custody of their chil
dren and a division of the community
property.
Marie Fox got an interlocutory de
cree of divorce from Elmer H. Fox to
day on the ground of desertion and
failure to provide. Isabel R. Dirks got
a decree from John A. C. Dirks on the
ground of desertion. They have been
married thirty-five years. She wa*>
granted $15 a month alimony.
CELEBRATE THE BIRTH
OF THE JfEW YEAR
Watch Night Services Are Held ln
Many Churches of Oakland.
Other Entertainments.
OAKLAND, Dec. 31.—The congre
gation of the First Congregational
Church held watch night services to
night in the auditorium of the church.
The Rev. Charles R. Brown, pastor,
made a brief address and appropriate
music was rendered by the choir.
The service began at 11 o'clock and
ended at midnight.
The members of the First Methodist
Church attended a watch night ser
vice at the church, the death of the
old year and the birth of the new be
ing celebrated with appropriate exer
cises. Those who participated in the
service were the Rev. E. R. Dille, pas
tor of the church; the Rev. C. E. Rich
and Hugh H. Hamilton.
The annual meeting and roll call
were held to-night at the First Free
Baptist Church. After the business
meeting a watch night service was
held.
The Christmas entertainment of the
Sunday-school of the Church of the
Advent in East Oakland was held last
n.ght. The Rev. William Carson
Shaw, rector, on behalf of the con
gregation presented handsome tokens
of remembrance to C. B. Foote, senior
warden, and Richard Burr, lay reader
of the church, who are to leave im
mediately for New York. Mr. Foote
received a beautiful silver service and j
Mr. Burr a handsome loving cup.
The Christmas entertainment and
tree of the East End Social Settlement
of the Young- Women's Christian Asso
ciation was held on the evening of De
cember 27.
shlnglers Choose Officers.
OAKLAND, Dec. 31.—The local
Shlnglers' Union elected offlcera last
night at a meeting held at the head
quarters of the Building Trades Coun
cil. They were: J. F. Mitchell, presi
dent; J. W. Bowers, vice president; J.
O. Arnett, secretary; W. E. Berry,
treasurer; C. E. Barney, sergeant at
arms; C. E. Can jo. delegate to Build
ing Trades Council; W. E. Berry, del
egate to State Building Trades Coun
cil.
Nell—Tour friend the poet says he is
a dreamer. Belle—He reminds me
more of a nightmare.
FORMER DIVINE
UNDER ARREST
J. J. Smith Indicted by Grand
Jury for Obtaining Money
Under False Pretenses
WOMEN HIS ACCUSERS
It Is Alleged That There
Are Dupes to Whom He
Has Sold Stock of No Value
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 31.
For selling stock in the Altadena
Mining and Investment Syndicate the
Rev. J. J. Smith, formerly a Methodist
minister, was arrested here last night
upon three indictments found against
him by the Santa Clara Grand Jury.
He was found at his home at 11 Port
land avenue and taken to the County
Jail. Later he was admitted to bail in
the sum of $3000.
Smith is charged by a number of res
idents of San Jose with having soid
them stock under misrepresentations,
claiming that the Altadena Mining and
Investment Syndicate has $125,000
woith of assets and had declared a $40,
-000 dividend last year. According to the
charges made there are no assets and
there was no dividend.
The indictments were brought upon
the complaint of Mrs. Lucy Allen and
Mrs. Kate Boyle of San Jose, who
claim to have bought $700 worth of
stock from Smith. His operations have
been wide spread, and among those
who have purchased stock from him in
this city are Mrs. M. C. Smith. E. M.
Hill, Robert Moles, George Lloyd, W. F.
Lloyd, Octavia Coffey, Jessie D. Woods,
H. L. Schnoor of Berkeley and Mrs. C.
Schnoor of Oakland.
One of the largest losers by Smith's
operations Is E. G. Northup of San
Jose. Northup sold out his piano busi
ness to Smith.for 50,000 shares of stock
in the syndicate and some cash which
he says he never received.
Northup visited Oakland to-day. Of
Smith he said:
"The company is in name only. Smith
is the whole thing. He was formerly
a Methodist preacher and came here
from Detroit about five years ago and
held meetings In various cities. Then
he went back over his course and sold
the people whom he had met stock in
his mining company. I trusted him
because I knew him to have been a
preacher. He has no mines and I have
letters written by him to people in an
swer to their queries about their stock
in which he says the man who has the
working of the mine has taken the
money and run away. He also said that
the mine is bonded and he cannot say
whether it is good or bad. Upon such
security he has robbed hundreds of
people. He is supposed to have a mine
at Sonora and another at Tonopah."
KILMER ADMITS GUILT
TO AUBURN AUTHORITIES
Confesses That He Took Part In
Robbery of Sa loon-Keeper at
Rock Creek.
AUBURN, Dec. 31.—Fred Kilmer,
who was arrested by Sheriff Keena
yesterday, made a confession to-day.
He admitted that he and two others
held up, gagged and robbed Moore,
the Rock Creek saloon-keeper, last
Wednesday morning. Kilmer met his
pals at Lincoln while all three were
waiting to take a train out. Noticing
Kilmer's pistol, the others asked
to borrow it in order that they might
turn a trick. Kilmer agreed and told
them of Moore's place near Auburn.
They got to Moore's at daybreak.
After the robbery the two strangers
started back to Lincoln, saying they
were going to San Francisco. Kilmer
served a term in the Oregon State
Frison at Salem. He says he thinks
the others are ex-convicts, but does
not know them.
YOUNG GIRL ALLEGES
THAT SHE WAS BEATEN
Brings Suit to Recover Damages From
Charles Sithnnuer, a Retired
Sea Captain.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 31.—Mary Ron
doni, aged 14 years, by her guardian
to-day began suit against Charles Sith
nauer, a retired sea captain, for $10.
-000 for injuries claimed to have been
received in a severe beating alleged
to have been inflicted by him in Sep
tember last. W. M. Beggs. the girl*,
attorney, says that while she was enu
ployed as a prune picker in the Sith
nauer orchard she gave offense by
eating a few almonds which she had
picked from the ground and wai.
beaten with a horsewhip.
An Atchison girl thinks so much of
her father that she refuses to marry
and make him a grandfather.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Uricsol,
the only cure for
Rheumatism.
If you rre suffering from rheuma
tism there is a chance for 7 ou to be
come absolutely cured. You may
cure yourself and do it quickly if you
will lay aside your prejudice and
skepticism.
Every San Francisco druggist sells
Uricsol, the well-known remedy, and
we hereby authorize them to guaran
tee a cure.
UrLsol cures rheumatism in the only
possible way it can be cured.
Uric Acid and Urates are the cause
of Rheumatism. These are deposited
in the tissues, blood vessels and joint*
of the body.
These deposits must be dissolved
and eliminated from the system be
fore a cure can be accomplished.
Uricsol is a solvent of these and
tones up the system, stimulates the
kidneys, liver .nd boweL and thus
drives them from the system.
Uricsol is harmless, and no injuri
ous results can possibly come to any
part of your body.
Write us to-day for booklet con
taining recommended diet for rheu
matics.
URICSOL CHEMICAL CO.
Los Angeles, CaL
SAVANTS TELL
OF OTHER AGES
Geologists Exchange Infor
mation at Conference Held
at the State University
EEAD WEIGHTY PAPERS
Distinguished Men Describe
Formation of Earth in the
Western Part of Country
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street. Dec. 31.
The two days' conference of the
Cordilleran section of geologists,
which has been in progress in South
Hall on the university cafnpus, came
to a close this afternoon. Scientists of
note read papers at the morning and
afternoon sessions to-day to an audi
ence which included many savants of
the West, who have a profound inter
est ln the problems involved in papers
discussed by the speakers.
John A. Reid of Reno was to have
read a paper on "A Detail of the
Great Fault Zone of the Sierra Ne
vada," but in his absence Professor A.
C. Lawson read the composition.
Charles E. Weaver of the University
of California dealt with the palaeon
tology of the Martinez group.
Under the title of "Stream Piracy
in the Upper Pecos, New Mexico," W.
G. Tight of Albuquerque, N. M, dis
cussed a peculiar phase of the actions
of some rivers in the Southwest. He
said that the elevation of the creta
ceous beds which extend U'om the
Gulf of Mexico in a general north
western direction to the frontal ranges
of the Rocky Mountains and which
underlie the Liana Estacada of West
ern Texas and Eastern New Mexico
developed aormal drainage in the di
rection of their upper surface, which
extended from the mountain axis in
a general southeastern direction, in
several parallel lines. The beds are
composed of strata of extremely vari
able resistance to erosion.
The lower Pecos of New Mexico
was developed on the western margin
of this extensive uplift, along the
strike of the beds. Its headwaters
have extended northward and have
captured the headwaters of several of
the southeastward flowing streams, the
most important being the tributaries
of the Red River, the Brazos and the
Colorado of Texas. The old deserted
channels extending from the present
headwaters of these streams to the
Pecos are represented by chains of
saline basins.
Professor Andrew C. Lawson de
scribed the geology of the Robinson
mining district of Nevada. His paper
gave an account of the stratigraphy,
structure and perography of a limited
portion of one of the Basin ranges of
Eastern Nevada. •
George D. Louderback of San Fran
cisco discussed the characteristics of
the Mesozoic as studied
ln Southwestern Oregon, comparing
them with those of California.
"Lawsonite" was discussed by A. S.
Eakle of the State University. He re
viewed what has been published con
cerning the crystallization and occur
rence of Lawsonite ln California anil
elsewhere, with a chemical analysis
and discription of the crystal habit
and rock associations.
Ten minutes was devoted by Vance
C. Osmont of San Francisco to a dis
cussion of the areas ln the tertiary of
California, with a description of new
species.
WILL LOOP THE LOOP
OX SKIS IX MICHIGAN
Daring Member of Riders' Club Plans
a Hazardous Attraction for
Tournament.
ISHPEMING, Mich., Dec. 31.—
Looping the loop on skis, a feat never
before attempted, will be one of the
great attractions at the annual tour
nament of the Ski Riders of America,
to be held ln Ishpeming on February
22. Heretofore wild dashes down
icng, snow-covered inclines, ending
with a thrilling leap of from 76 to 125
feet, have been the meain features of
tha annual tournaments, but now a
still more hazardous undertaking is to
be added.
Con Thompson, a member of the
Ishpeming Ski Club, is Arm in the
belief that a ski rider may successfully
loop tte loop. After consultation with
Harry ilulst, an engineer, he has de
cided Upon the outline of a loop. His
plan calls for a ring twelve feet in.
height.
MONEY FOUND IN IROQUOIS
THEATER GOES TO POLICE:
Cash Left Behind by Frightened
Crowd in Rush for Safety
Amounts to $280.
CHICAGO, Dec. 31.—Money found
In the Iroquois Theater after the fire
has been turned over by Christian De
witt llegier to Controller McCann, the
required year of holding- for claimants
having expired. The box full of coin*
and the envelopes containing charred
bank notes and bits of bills is valued
at $280 and will go to the police pen*
sion fund.
Many of the coins were burned or
crushed until almost unrecognizable.
A J2O golll piece still showed bright
spots through marks of fire. A hole
was burned through one packet of $5
bills. There was $79 in redeemable
bank notes, $86 in coins ln seventy
nine purses and $115 ln loose coins.
NEARLY ALL DISEASE DUE
TO POISON IN THE BLOOD
So States Physician in Paper Read Be
fore American Association for
Advancement of Science.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 31.—The
..nnual convocation of the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science came to an end with to-day's
session. This convention has been the
most successful in the history of the
association.
At to-day's session a paper of much
importance to the medical profession
was read by Dr. P. A. Malg-nen of this
city on the desirability of founding an
institution for the study of blood
poisoning. Dr. Maignen said that
nearly all diseases could be traced to
poison in the blood.
Calif omians In New York.
NEW YORK, Dec. ll.—The follow
ing: Californlans are in New York:
From San Francisco—R. J. Edwards,
at the St. Denis; J. W. Erwin, at the
Astor House: M. Joyce, at the Hotel
Spalding, and J. W. Reid, at the Hol
land House.
BKAtf CH OFFICES
OF THE CALL LN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
CRITICAL CONDITION
OF THEODORE THOMAS
Pneumonia Develops and the Aired
Musical Director May Not
Recover.
CHICAGO, Dec 31. — Theodore
Thomas, who has ben suffering from
the grip for several days, Is now criti
cally in w ith pneumonia at his home,
4o Bellevue place. A consultation of
physicians was held during- the morn
ing- and the serious condition of the
veteran orchestra conductor was an
nounced.
While up to last night Thomas had
held his own under a severe cold and
bronchial affliction, pneumonia de
veloped during the night and this
morning he was considerably worse,
Oxygen was resorted to late this after
noon. After the consultation it waa
announced that there was no imme
diate danger of death, but no attempt
was made to conceal the alarm felt
over the serious turn in the condition
of the aged patient. Thomas' age, 69
years, the physicians admit, greatly
reduces his chance for recovery.
RURAL MAIL CARRIER
LOSES HIS POSITION
Pernicious AcUvity During the Cam
paign Causes Indiana Man's
Dismissal.
BLUPFTON, Ind., Dec. 81.—Post
master A. L. Sharpe to-day received
notice of the dismissal of Rural Car
rier Walter L. Peterson, the charge of
nernicious activity In the late cam
paign being made. Peterson is treas
urer of the Indiana Association of
Rural Route Carriers and was slated
for the position of national treasurer.
Somehow on<s plain duty Is usually
too plain to be attractive.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MEN
SB. O. C JOSLEW.
The Leading'
SPECIALIST
MODERN MEDICAL PRACTTCB
demands more than a knowledge of
anatomy, disease and drug*. As ,the
science of curing broadens, the greater
grows the task of becoming a master
in the profession. The scientific ap
plication of natural forces has become
almost as essential as medicines, and
calls for delicate and costly equipment
as well as utmost skill.
My office and hospital occupy sixty
rooms, and my equipment for the treat,
ment of men's diseases la the most
complete in the entire West. I lack
nothing that can possibly be helpful
In diagnosing or treating. Everything
from the simplest instrument to the
most delicate, complicated and costly
electrical apparatus is here to aid me
in rendering to my patients a service
such as no other physician has yet
been able to give.
VARICOCELE
Cured Without* Cutting
THE TIME WAS WHEN EVERT
man afflicted with varicocele had no
choice other than to allow the disease
to go on undermining his power and
health, or submit to a surgical opera
tion. Now he can choose a thorough
cure by painless treatment. I cure
varicocele in one week, and it is seldom
neressary that the patient be detained
from business even a single day. My
method is original with myself, and Is
the only safe and successful treatment
for varicocele ever devised.
CONSULT ME
THE FAILURE OF OTHERS TO
cure does not prove a case incurable. I
have cured cases of men's diseases that
had time after time baffled medical
effort, and aa often been pronounced
past relief. The reason for this la
that my understanding of diseases of
men Is complete and accurate, and my
treatment directed accordingly. If
others have failed It Is to your best
interests to at least consult me.
CONSULTATION IS FREE.
"WEAKNESS"
MY CURES OF THIS DISORDER
are permanent and lasting. No tonlca
that stimulate temporarily, but thor
oughly scientific treatment for the re
moval of conditions responsible for the
functional derangement. "Weakness"
Is merely a symptom of inflammation
or congestion in the prostate gland, and
tinder my own original local treatment
this gland Is promptly restored to Its
normal state and complete functional
activity Is the lasting result.
Patients Treated
Promptly and Privately
MT SUITE OF TREATING ROOMS
is the largest In the city, which af
fords absolute privacy and obviates the
annoyance of waiting.
X have tha largest practice be
cause X Invariably fulfill my prom
ises, sad am willing to wait for
my fee until cure Is effected.
I CURE ORGANIC WEAKNESS.
Contracted Disorders, Specif)? Blood
Poison, Stricture and all Diseases of
Men.
MY PAMPHLET FREE!
THE TITLE. "LIVE ALL TOUR
TEARS A MAN," will suggest the in
teresting information It bears. Write
for It. Consultation free at office or by
mall.
DR. 0. CTJOSLEM
Cor. Market and Kearny Streets.
PRIVATE ENTRANCE.
702 MARKET STREET.
My Offices Will Be Open from 9 a*
m. to 5 p. m. To-Morrow (Monday).ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT OF CAPITAL STOCK
THE GERMAN
Savings and Loan Society
A corporation doing; business at No. 828 Cali
fornia atreet.
DATED'DECEMBER 31, 1904.
CAPITAL STOCK, actually
paid up in gold coin. .. .$1,000,000 00
EESEEVE Fim, actually
paid up in gold coin $1,800,000 00
JOHN LLOYD,
resident of the German Savings and Loan
" . Society.
GEORGE TOTTRNT,
Secretary of tha German Savings and Loan
Society.
State of California, City and County of Bam
Francisco —ss.
JOHN LLOYD and GEORGE TOURNET,
b«ing each separately, duly sworn, each for
himselt. Buys: That said JOHN LLOYD la
president and that said GEORGE TOURNY Is
secretary of The German Savings and Loan
Society, the corporation above mentioned, and
that thu foregoing statement is true.
JOHN LLOYD.
GEORGE TOURNY.
. Subscribed and sworn to before me this Slat
day of December. 1904.
(Seal) GEO. T. KNOX.
Notary .Public In and for the City and County
Of San Francisco, State of California.
SEVENTY-FOURTH HALF YEARLY
REPORT
—OF—
THE GERMAN SAVINGS AND LOAN
SOCIETY.
526 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRAN CISCO, CALIFORNIA.
SWORN STATEMENT
Of the condition and value of the assets and
Liabilities of The German Savings and Loan
Society, a corporation doing buslnass at No. 538
California street, in the City and County of
San Francisco. State of California, and where
said assets are situated, on December 31, 1904.
ASSETS.
1—83.000.000 United States 4 per
cent registered
Bonds cf nc\\ the
value of which Is.. $3,937,500 00
$3,C00,0C0 United States 2 per
cent registered
Bonds of 1930, the
value of which is.. 8,13?.750 00
Of these bonds
$5,000,000 are kept in
a safe in the vault
of and rented from
the New York Stock
Exchange Building
t'tmpany In New
York City and the
remainder in the
vaults of the Cor
poration.
$6,475,600 Miscellaneous Rail
road, Cable and
Street Railway
Ught and other
Corporation Bonds
and shares of
Stock, the value of
which is 7,411.250 00
All of said Bonds
and Shares of Stock
are kept in the
vaults of the Corpo
ration, with the ex
ception of $100,000
Southern Pacific
Hailroad of Cali
fornia Consolidated
First Mortgage B
]»*r cent Stamped
Bonds kept in New
York City in the
Safe above mention
ed.
$12,475,000 $14,487,500 00
Standing on tha books of the
. rporaUoii at $13,216,825 70
2— Pmmi&sory notes secured by
first mortgages on Heal Estate,
within this State, the States of
< iregon, Washington, Utah and
Territory .if Hawaii. The value
of said promissory notes i 5.... 22,182,577 73
."—Miscellareous Railroad, Street
• Kai'way and other Corporation
Bonds and Stock Certificates
pledged to the Society for th 3
amont of 1.604,374 58
Said Notes, Bonda and Cer
tificates' are partly held and
kept by said <*ori>oration In its
.iwn vaults, and partly in New
York City In the safe above
mentioned.
4— Bank Building and Lot, the
" value of whtch 15.... 90.000 00
5— Other. Real Estate situat?d in
the' States of California, Ore
" -gon and Washington, the value
of which is 1,136,564 50
6— Furniture in bank office of
s»id Corporation 1,000 00
7_c_«h in United States Gold
. and Si!v?r Coin, ke.'t by said
Corporation In its own vaults,
the actual value of which is.. 1.338,072 78
Total $39,628,415 29
LIABILITIES.
1— To Depositors: Said Corpora
tion owes Deposits amounting
' to • and the value of which is.. $37,281,377 60
2— To Stockholders: The amount
of Capital Stock actually paid
up, in Gold Coin, the value of
which is 1,000,000 00
Ti.e ccnditlon of said liabil
ity to stockholders Is, that no
part. of the amount can be
paid to.them, or in any way be
withdrawn, except In payment
of losses during the existence
of the Corporation, nor until
all Depositors shall have be.»n
paid In full the amount of
. thefr deposits and declareJ
dividends.
B—To Depositors and Stock
holders:
im The amount of the Reserve
Fund iir Gold Coin, the value
of which Is 1,200,000 00
• ' Including the amount of ma
turod but uncollected Interest
on loans.
'.' (b). The amount of the Contln
• -gent Fund, the value of
• which 74,518 82
• The condition of said Funds
is, that the same have been
created for the purpose of ad
ditional security to Depositors
against losses.
4— State. City and County Taxes
assessed by the Government,
' But not yet payable 73.818 87
Total $38,629,415 29
JOHN LLOYD,
.President of the German Savings and Loan
Society.
GEORGE TOURNY.
Secretary ot the German Savings and Loan
Society.
State of California, City and County of San
Francisco —ss.
JOHN LLOYD and GEORGE TOURNY. be
ing each separately, duly «w-orn, each for him
self, says: That said JOHN" LLOYD is Presi
dent &nd that said GFORGK TOURNY is sec
retary of. THE GERMAN SAVINGS AND
•LOAN SOCIETY, the Corpo ation above men
tioned' and that the foregoing statement Is
true. JOHN LLOYD.
GEORGE TOURNY.
Subacril-ed and sworn to before me this 31st
day of December. 1004.
• Seal) GEO. T. KNOX, Notary Public.
Cures Colds and
GRIP
.. t L-i cents, or mailed.
Humphreys' Medicine Co., cor. William and
■hiT.u streets. New York. _______
PfllflfP DON'T PAIL TO
Id la WW Bee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/■flfl room, the EMPIRE
UI,W PaRLOR. the
P j PALM ROOM, the
lirnnfl louis xv par-
Ul UIIU LOR, and the LA
II J. I- DIES' WRITING
HOtelS ROOM
*
THE WEEKLY CALL
3JI io&r Year.
RIPLEY OSES
PLAIN WORDS
President of the Santa
Fe Scores the Interstate
Commerce Commission
DUBS IT A CATSPAW
Says It Permitted Itself to
Be Used in Furtherance
of a Suit for Damages
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Dec. 81.—"The Inter
state Commerce Commission has per
mitted itself to be used aa a catspaw
in the furtherance of a suit for dam
ages."
President B. P. Ripley of the Santa
Pc Railroad had this to say to-day in
reply to the charge that the Santa Fe,
through Its traffic head, presumably
Paul Morton, with the sanction of
President Ripley, had some time ago
made a secret rate in favor of the
Colorado Fuel and Iron Company
amounting to a discrimination of ap
proximately $1000 a day. The reve
lation of this alleged secret rebate
had come about in the course of a
hearing two weeks ago in the case or
the Caledonian Coal Company before
the Interstate Commerce Commission.
The specific charge was that the Santa
Fe, through Biddle, Its freight traffic
manager, had charged the Colorado
Fuel and Iron Company $1 10 a ton
for coal transported from Trinidad,
Colo., to Demlng. N. M., or $1 15 less
than the rate named in the tariff filed
with the commission.
Ripley, after reviewing - the facts in
the case, continued:
f The arrangement which is under
discussion was made with the El Paso
and Northwestern Railway Company
for its own benefit and use and in no
manner discriminated against any in
dividual, firm or corporation in the
coal business. Neither this company
nor any of its officers is in any man
ner, either financially or otherwise, in
terested in the Colorado Fuel and Iron
Company or Its operations, or in any
other coal company, and this state
ment includes Mr. Morton, who is not
now an officer of the company, but
was at the time this arrangement was
made. We have broken no law and
have nothing to apologize for. The
Interstate Commerce Commission has
permitted itself to be used as a cats
paw In the furtherance of a suit for
damages Instituted by a coal company
which is located ln a totally different
section of the country and which has
been neither injured nor discriminated
against by the action on which the
complaint Is based.
"This suit has been brought in New
Mexico. The railway company is
willing and ready to try such a suit
on its merits before a court selected
by the plaintiff. It would seem, how
ever, that the coal company Is making
an effort to try its case before the com
mission and in the newpapers for the
purpose of creating public prejudice
in Its favor.
"Contrary to Its usual practice, a
copy of the order of the commission
directing the investigation of the case
in El Paso, Tex., was not mailed or
sent to the officers of the railway com
pany and they did not know of its
scope until they appeared before the
Commissioners in that city. Neither
were the investigation and hearing
conducted because of any specific
complaint of injurious discrimination
In rates, but because of general ru
mors, which the commission claims to
have heard, that the coal rates in this
territory were 'out of line.' "
DANCE AND REVEL LAST
UNTIL EARLY MORNING
Company A of the Irish Volunteers
BefUtingly Welcomes tlie
New Year.
In celebration of the incoming year
Company A of the Irish Volunteers
gave an all-night dance at Native Sons'
Hall for the benefit of the uniform
fund. In addition to the dancing the.
company members went through the
evolution of guard mount. Despite the
fact that thousands were on the
streets the hall was crowded with the
relatives and friends of the volun
teers and the fun was fast and furious
until well into the new year.
The following members had charge
of the affair: Floor director—Captain
H. P. Filgate; assistants, First Ser*
geant Tim L. Mahoney, Second Cor
poral Tom Connelly. Floor commit
tee —Privates P. J. Crowe, B. J. Silver,
Joseph P. Kelleher, H. Bugler and
John Coen. Reception
Lieutenant J. J. Sullivan, Sergeant P.
J. Kenny, Sergeant C. J. Collins, Ser
geant Joseph Gaughron, Sergeant Dan
Harnedy, Corporal M. O'Neill, Privates
J. P. Morlarty, Patrick Ryan, Patrick
Kelly. R. Diggins, Michael Duff.
Unknown Asphyxiated,
An unknown man was found dead
last night from the effects of gas
asphyxiation ln a room at 147 Minna
street. It is not known whether death
was accidental or whether it was sui
cide. The man rented the room or%
Friday and was not again seen until
the landlord found him dead. Judging
from his clothingthe man was evidently
a laborer. He had little baggage and
there is no clew to his identity. The
body was removed to the Morgue.
Charged With Burglary.
John Robinson is held at the City
Prison on two charges of burglary.
He is accused of entering the room of
J. C. Douglas at 441 Taylor street on
December 28 and stealing a suit of
clothes. A day later, it is alleged, he
broke into a house at 502 O'Farrell
street and stole two suits of clothes.
Skeleton keys were found in his pos»
session.
Merchant Prince Is Dead.
NEW YORK, Dec. 31.—Frank H.
Cooper, formerly vice president of the
Siegel-Cooper Company, died to-day ln
New Rochelle, aged 61 years. He waa
born ln Holland and came to the United
States thirty-eight years ago. Begin
ning as a clerk in Buffalo, he after
ward engaged ln business and went to
Chicago, where he formed the Siegel-
Co-pper Company. He was one of the
founders of the Siegel-Cooper store ln
New York.
Fails in Search for Health.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Dec. 81.-»-Thomas
W. Hart, one of the best known crimi
nal lawyers in Missouri, died to-day in
Los Angeles of diabetes, aged 59 years.
He had gone to California with the
expectation that his health would be
improved.
CUT USES Mt'CH STATIONERY.—The
stationery clerk filed a report yesterday show
ing thut the city government used $2089 27
worth of stationery and books during Novem
ber, making a total of $11,271 1W» for five
months. Stamps cost $1283 30 during the same
month.
' THE SAN FRANCISCO CALTJ, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1905.
THIRTY - ONE
STORIES HIGH
Marvel Among Skyscrapers
Is Building Just Opened
by the New York Times
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dee. ll.—The New
York Times ushered in the new year by
opening- its new sky-scraper at Forty
second street and Broadway, popularly
known as the Upper Flatiron. This is
the most remarkable structure in New
York, If not ln the world.
Here are some of the features of the
building: 618 steps on stairways: 26
stories above ground; 3 stories below
ground; 2 galleries; 1 pumping station
61 feet below the street; 31 stories in
all.
It is the tallest structure in the city,
being 362.7 feet from the curb to the top
of the observatory rail and 476 feet
from the base to the top of the flag
pole: 41,463 tons of material were used
in the structure. A subway railroad
passes obliquely through the building's
basement, no part of the subway con
struction touching the building at any
point.
Sand cushions under the subway
columns stop all vibrations. There is
almost as much of the building under
ground as is visible above the ground.
An extraordinary newspaper work
shop, with an area of more than 16,000
square feet, is located under the sub
way tracks.
The building has the highest electric
elevator rise in the world, 826 feet; the
highest water lift In the world, M 7
feet; the highest smoke stack in the
world, 359 feet.
It has an electrical show place; a
greater number and a greater variety
of electrical uses than at any other
building In the world.
There is no steam in the building', ex
cept for heating purposes in winter.
The offices and machinery are cleaned
by the air vacuum method.
Its floor space is twenty-ona timea
the area of the building- lot.
Canned Pears Cause Death.
W. H. Davis of Watsonvllle died
at the German Hospital yesterday
from ptomaine poisoning: caused by
eating: canned pears. The unfortunate
man had been visiting- his daughter at
182 Guerrero street, intending to stay
through the holidays. Last Thursda>
he ate some canned pears and soon
afterward became ill.
JAMES CAVANAGH MISSING. —Mra. James
Cavanagh of 233 Powell street notified
the Coroner yeaterday that her husband left
home at 11 a. m. on December 27 with $100
in his possession. They were married in
Yreka and came here recently ln order that
her husband might accept employment as a
clerk in the Southern Pacific office.
ADVERTTSEMENTS.
The
baldheaded
row
Baldheaded men have
long been a standing
joke in every theater
going community, but
nevertheless the loss of
the hair and the unsightly
condition which it imposes
upon the unfortunates who
compose the baldheaded
row is often a source of
keen mortification.
The baldheaded row,
however, will speedily
become practically a thing
of the past, because the
more Coke Dandruff Cure is
used the more it proves
itself capable of positively
growing hair on bald heads,
a claim which was not
originally made by the
inventor. The formula, as
originally evolved, was
intended only to eradicate
and cure conditions of
dandruff and diseases of
the scalp, but to the
surprise and delight of
constant users, it quickly
demonstrated its ability to
restore the hair follicles to
their youthful vigor and
thereby produce a glossy
and luxuriant growth of
hair.
Thousands of people
in every rank and walk of
life have sent us grateful
testimonials attesting the
truth of this. You don't
have to take our word or
theirs for it. If troubled
with dandruff, falling hair
or any scalp disease, try
it for yourself. We are
quite willing to abide by
the result. Your druggist
will tell you the same
story. Ask him.
Coke Dandruff
Cure
Ask your druggist.
Special Frlces on Holiday Leather
Goods Cut to One-Half of
Original Figures.
PEGGY BAGS—Of good quality
leather, regular price or which waa
$1.00, now offered at SOc
coarKU-f'S s_iJ-Frj__i_ro ___r
Is the perfect fountain pen and is a
marvel of convenience and utility.
Always ready. Prices
SS.OO to «5.00
1905 Calendars and Diaries, in ex
cellent styles, at popular prices.
Out-of-town orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS, The Stationer.
1008 MARKET ST„ Opt>. Ptft*. S. P.
n , ~i ri _ .
••••••••••••••••••••••
OUR GREAT |
] Annual |j
] Clearance Sale j
• Is the Talk of the Town j
| $200,000 Stock j
S ... 0F... |
• Tailor Suits, Jackets, Long |j
| Coats, Skirts, Furs, Waists j j
i and Children's Coats •
• AT I
| lowest Prices Ever Known I
| This Great Sole Will Be Continued Tuesday, g I
• January 3, 1905, at 9:00 a. m. •
• Watch Tuesday Morning: Papers for Sensational Prices • !
• 1230-1232-1234 MAKKET STREET f
• If EAR JONXS STREET. • t
oooo——•••••••♦••••••otoat [
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
11 overstocked"! I
| 380,000.00 |
• Worth of Ready Made Garments i
j Must Be Sold j
I Great Slaughter of Prices 1
| 25c and 35c on the DOLLAR f
• See Our Ad in Tuesday Paper— 2
$ Tuesday at 8:30 a. m. Begins the Sale |
I __a^^^^^ 1142-1146 Market Street |
{•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••o
AMUSEMENTS.
THE LAST WEEK OF
THE TIVOLI'S FAMOUS
OPERA SUCCESS
KING
DODO
Will begin with a SPE
CIAL New Year's Day
MATINEE TO-DAY
GRAND MATINEE TO
MORROW.
See!'.! the Grand Transformation Scene: "A
CHILD'S DREAM OF CHRISTMAS," a beau
tiful Holiday Btory. told In four enchanting
tableaux with SANTA CLAUS AND A
CHRISTMAS TREE.
GRAND OPERA
BALE OF RESERVED BEATS
OPENS THURSDAY, JANUARY 5.
PRICEB $2. 11.50. SI. 50c.
H. W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
TO-NIGHT —FOR THE LAST TIME,
A CONTENTED WOMAN
Starting MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Oliver Morosco Offers
Howard Gould —J. H. Gllmour
And the Majestic Players in Gillette's Great
War Romance,
"HELD BYJTHE ENEMY"
Next—"MIZPAH."
GADSKI
THE GREAT SOPRANO
Alhambra Theatre
Next TUESDAY and THURSDAY NI6HTS
January 3 and 5.
NEXT SATURDAY MATINEE, Jan. 7.
SEATS. $2.00. 81.50. 81.00.
NOTE —To-morrow being a legal holi
day, the box offlce will be at Alhambra
Theater. The remainder of the week it
will be at Sherman/ Clay & Co.'s. where
complete programmes may be obtained.
|ASTHMANOLA|
Xa the only cure for Nervous and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Your Druggist or at 60S HaIGHT ST..
San Francisco, CaL
AMUSEMENTS.
■ LYRIC HALL Will GREENBAUM 11
■BURTON
■ holmes
i TRAVELOCUES !
« MAGNIFICENT COLORED VIEWS '
■ ORIGINAL MOTION PICTURES
B TWO COURSES EXACTLY ALIKE
P COURSE A
Cb In L ond on January 10
Bg> Bound About London.... " is
era Beautiful Ireland " 14
ma Russian Empire " 17
B| Japan a 19
f* COURSE B
B| In London January 11'
mm Round About London.... " 13
Kg Beautiful Ireland ..... « is
Eg Russian Empire ■ is
oft Japan « ao
B $4,S3ands2 ON SALE JAN. 3
X -..-AT
| SHERMAN, CLAY & GO'S i
, CALIFORNIA >
TO-NIGHT
Funniest of all j
{j W 1 Swe(llsh -American
A Dialect comedies |
Yonson
HOLIDAY MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Next Sunday—BLACK PATTI
TROUBADOURS.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
FISCHER'S THEATER
TONY LUBELSKI, Gen. Mgr.
HIGH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE.
10c and 20c. Children 10c.
Afternoons. 2:30. Evenings. 7:30 and 9
CONTINUOUS SAT.. SUN.. HOLIDAYS, '
2 to 5 and 7 to 11 p. m.
TEN GREAT ACTS. New Moving Pictures.
PONY RACES AT SAN MATEO.
MONDAY. January 2.
ADMISSION, 50 CENTS.
FIVE RACES.
Electric cars leave Fifth and Market eta
every fifteen minutes.
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 FEB. YEAR.
amtjsbmicnts.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE*"
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS!
Second Week Begins To Morrow Afternoon With the
NEW YEAR MATINEE
David Belaseo Presents
BLANCHE
BATES
IN THE THEATRICAL SENSATION OF TWO CONTINENTS
Darling of the Gods"
A DRAMA OF OLD JAPAN.
' BT DA VXD BE LA SCO and JOHN L UTOTR LONCk
Special Announcement?
IN RESPONSE) TO A NUMBER OF REQUESTS, MISS BATES WJTjI,
PI-A.T NEXT THURSDAY AVTERNOON. AT 3 O'OXOCX, AN EXTRA
MATINEE, CONSISTING OF A DOUBLE BILL* WHICH INCLUDES
MADAME DDTTERFLY A MY AUNT'S ADVICE j
By David Belaaoo and John [Nj By Blanch* Bate* and George
Luther Lone Arllaa.
THEI PLAT THAT MAKES MEN H THE PLAT THAT MAKES MEN
CRT. Lf LAUGH.
COLUMBIA 5S TO-NIGHT
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE TO-MORROW (MON.)
SECOND AND LAST WEEK BEGINS MONDAY
Henry W. Savage Offer* George Ad*'* Musical Satire,
THE SULTAN
"The constitution andl M A I B 1 H 8 1
tha cocktail follow tha ■ ■ B™H | m |
m VJW OULaU
Mu*lc by ALFRED O. WATHALL.
MONDAY, Jf\ NUARY 9, \
FREDERICK WARDE and KATHRYN KIDDER
In "SALA;YIMBO" I
Week Commancina* THIS AFTER
NOON, January Ist.
SPECIAL MATINEE MONDAY,
Jan. S.
The FOUR BARDS
America's Greatest Athletes,
and
LAST WEEK of th*
Great
Orpheum
Road
Show
Headed by
McINTYRE and HEATH
IN A NEW ACT.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday.
Thursday. Baturday and Sunday.
Prices—loc. 28c and 50c.
b*B«b***bbEC3bbb*Rsbb»bbbbbbb*bbb
AL€AZAR*mT
Genetal Manager.
AX ENORMOUS SUCCESS!
TO-NIGHT—MATINEE TO-DAY AND
ONE WEEK MORE
OWING TO GREAT DEMAND
WITH HOLIDAY MAT. TO-MORROW.
Only San Francisco Production of Richard
Mansfield's Version of the Delightful Play.
OLD HEIDELBERG
The Quaint German Student Songs by a Triple
Mai* Quartet.
NO ADVANCE IN PRICES.
Monday, Jan. 9—LQBT RIVER.
CENTRAL*!?
Market Street. Near Eighth.. .Phone South 533
MATINEE TO-DAY—TO-NIGHT LAST TIME
Thrilling Melodrama.
THE HEART OF CHICAGO
TO-MORROW MATINEE and All Next Week.
With Matinees Saturday and Sunday,
The Greatest Metropolitan Scenic Success,
CHILD SLAVES OF NEW YORK
Full of dramatic interest, splendid comedy an I
thrilling climaxes. Th* den of slaves! How
children ar* bought in New York! The Thief
Master! The shrewd detective!! Spellbind
ing rescue by the police patrol tug after a
thrilling hand to hand battle on the river!
PRICEB—Eve.. 10c to SOc. Mat*.. 10c. 15c. 25c.
To follow —The Central Theater Btock Com
pany in a real old tint* MINSTREL SHOW.
UNION
COURSING
PARK
. / •, a.
P J. BULIiT, Judge, JAB. r. GRACE, Slipper
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, JANUARY I, 1905
AND
RESERVE EVENTS
$1,000 TOTAL PURSE $1,000
Monday, January 2, 1905
SPECIAL
HOLIDAY STAKE
TRAIN SERVICE BOTH DATS.
Leave Third and Townaend streets 10:13
a. m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-flfth and Valencia
streets five minutes later. Returning lmme
dlitely after last course. San Mateo etectrlo
cars every four minutes to park entrance.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS.
this and to-morrow after*
noons and evenings.
■ Last Times of
PRINCESSJAN TAN
COMMENCING TUESDAY. January 3,
And Every Afternoon and Evening-.
HIGH-CLASS SPECIALTIES.
Don't Fail to Sea
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD.
AMATEUR RIGHT THURSDAY. .
ADMISSION. 10c CHILDREN, 80.
kl! MM
New Wey
California Club
OARLARD TRACE.
Racing every ween day. rain or shin*.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
HEW YEAR HANDICAP. $2000 ADDED.
TO BE RUE MONDAY. JAN. 2.
For special trains stopping at the track take
8 P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00,
12:30, 1:00. 1:30 or 2:00. Returning trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m.- and lm
n-j.diately after the last race.
1 THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
n 1"» TT 017 O FOR BARBERS, BAK-
DnUdiTLu S" bootblacks, hath-
UIIUUIIUU ions**, billiard tabits,
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canners.
dyers flour mills, foundries, laundries, .paper
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta
blemen, tar-roof«rs, tanners, tailors, *tc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Bmab Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
S334
uru^n.r.r.n.pr-
Oar Entire Domestic Department
TO BE CLOSED OUT
Lace Curtains,
Portieres, Tapestries,
Draperies, Bedspreads, Sheets,
Towels, Table Linens and Comforters
STORE CLOSED TO MORROW. SALE BEGINS TUESDAY
The rapid increase of business in our ready-made garment
department has forced us to dispose of our entire stock of
domestics in order to make more room. The complete line
will be closed out this week, regardless of cost.
$1.50 Lace Curtains, per pair, 95c
White Nottingham Lace Curtains, 3% yards long, closing out
price 95c
$2.00 Arabian Net Curtains, per pair, $1.00
$M yards long, fine duality Arabian net, closing out price, per
pair fI.OO
$7.50 Portieres, per pair, $4.45
Heavy Rep, Persian Border, in red and green, a great value,
closing out price, per pair $4.45
$1.50 Double Size Bedspreads, each, 95c
Hemmed and ready for use. Very large. Closing out price, each..osc
65c Full Size Sheets, each, 49c
Made from heavy quality sheeting, 3-inch hem, size Bixgo inches,
each 40c
15c Linen Huck Towels, each, 9c
Size 18x30 inches. A great value at the regular price. Closing
out sale price, each ' 9c
15c Dotted Swiss, per yard, 9c
36 inches wide. Dots of all sizes, closing out sale price, per
yard Oc
$1.25 Silkoline Comforters, each, 75c
Good quality, covered with red silkoline, closing out sale price,
each 75c
Very Special, Silkoline, a yard, 5c
In a large assortment of patterns, 36 inches wide, closing out sale
price, per 3'ard 5c
45c Oriental Tapestry, a yard, 29c
A splendid assortment. 50 inches wide, a great value, closing out
■ sale price, per yard 20c
25c Lace Curtain Rods, each, 9c
For sash or lace curtains, adjustable, easy to put up, closing out
sale price, each 9c
A number of slightly soiled curtains of all qualities will
•be closed out at greatly reduced prices.
Great* Reductions in Suits, Tourist, Coats,
Jackets, Skirts and Waists
Everything in our cloak and suit departments reduced
from one-third to one-half of the former prices.
$12.50 Alpaca Suits, reduced to $7.05
$25.00 Tailor Made Cloth Suits, reduced to $12.50
$32.50 Tailor Made Cloth Suits, reduced to $17.00
$32.50 Velvet Suits, reduced to 817.00
$37.50 Tailor Made Clqth Suits, reduced to $21.50
$15.00 Tourist Coats, reduced to „ $8.75
$15.00 Rain Coats, reduced to !!!$0.75
.$20.00 Rain Coats, reduced to ....$14.50
$4.50 Walking Skirts, reduced to $2.85
$20.00 Voile Skirts, reduced to .$18.50
$1.50 Alpaca Waists, reduced to 05c
$2.50 Albatross and Flannel Waists, reduced to .'.51.45
EXTRA SPECIAL t io Rn
150 SILK SUITS, all c010r5,517.50 value, for this saIcOIZIUU
Wanted Her Money's Worth.
-Lena Nelson, a recent arrival ln the
city, was charged with petty larceny
yesterday and booked at the City
Hall station. She Is accused of pur
loining several small articles from the
store of E. P. Charlton, 943 Market
street. Her excuse is that when she
made a purchase she gave the clfrk
a dollar and, not getting the change,
she tried to get her moneys worth
and therefore confiscated a cup, a
shaving mug and other small articles.
Pall hats, 1904, just arrived, nobbier
than ever. Tom Dillon & Co., opp Palace."
Swedish Society's Concert,
* The annual New Year's concert and
ball of the Swedish Singing Society
• was held last night at Turn Verein
Hall on Turk street. An enjoyable
programme of musical and vocal
numbers was rendered. The affair
ended with a ball.
B.F.Stoll. dentist: Hafsrht & Masonic ay.»
Dies by Her Own Hand
Mrs. Tabitha Augusta Tyrell, who
lived with her husband at 310 Clem
ent street, died in the Pacific Hospital
last Friday night from the effects of
a criminal operation. Dr, William
Bowes of 606 Sutter street informed
.the Coroner yesterday that he had
procured a written statement from the
woman to the effect that she had in
flicted the injuries herself. She was
27 years old.
Dandruff U a contagious disease caused by a microbe.
NEWBR.CS HERPICIDE
The ORIOINAL remedy that "kills the Oeadruff derm."
LIKE THE PARDON I Co " ,fSw!,i, ' l!fes,i,lr * m *' n,ln,he ,o: »f'«*. «h«
~ ' *\ ■ ri let V# Hi hair is treed from disease and begins its natursi
Newbfo-s Herolciae can come too Iste. If the | rrowth ajraln. Don'tneglect dandruff or falllns
dandVuff raicrofce hasi*estroyed the hair follicles 1 hair. Wonderful results follow the ass of Hersl
«nd Itft fhe scalp bald and shining all remedies are j cide. It Is an exquisite hair dressing Stops
worth'ess. Bet. like the pardon. If Herpklde | ttchlne of the scalp Instantly.
CxolT4&\
tnt Stem, $100. Seal 15c., sHati, ti HERPiCIBE CO., Oept H. Detrtlt, Mica., far ■ rati*.
APPLICATIONS AT PROM IWE NT BARBER SHOPS. /
Irrigation Districts Default.
Albert Meyer, by his attorneys, Ro
senbaum & Scheeline, yesterday filed
four suits against irrigation districts
that have defaulted ln the payment of
coupons maturing since December 31,
1900. On 1246 coupons of the Browns
Valley district in Yuba County ho
sues to recover $11,501 58 and inter
est at 7 per cent; $3345 on 218 cou
pons of the Pefris district in San Di
ego County; $3406 30 on 117 coupons
of the Central district of Colusa Coun
ty, and $3761 40 on 41S coupons of
the Vineland district of Los Angeles
County. The complaints state that
demands for payment have been made
in each instance and refused.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Jlsts. 80c flask. Richard * Co., 406 Clay.'
Travelers' Annual Ball
The seventeenth annual masquerade
ball of the travelers took place last
night at Elntracht Hall, 237 Twelfth
street. A large crowd attended and
the evening passed pleasantly in danc
ing.
Sometimes you worry about your eyes. Stop it.
Consult George Mayerle.optlclan. 1071 ft Mrket.*
Present Foreman With Watch.
The employes of the coat factory
of B. N. Wood & Co. yesterday pre
sented their foreman, Al Webster
with a gold watch as a token of their
appreciation. Webster made a speech
in which he thanked his fellow work
men for their thoughtful act.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1905
ESCAPING GAS
SILENCES JOY
Four Merry-Makers Come
Near Losing Lives After
Day of Feasting and Song
KEVIVE THE SUFFERERS
Hospital Surgeons Succeed
in Saving Quartet of
Men From the Pyrenees
After a night of revelry four shep
herds who hall from the distant Pyre
nees were found yesterday morning
overcome by gas in their room at the
Basque Hotel, 1347 Powell street. The
men were taken to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where the usual reme
dies were applied, and all four were
soon out of danger.
The names of the men are Juan Na
vasco, Pierre Gilarne, D. Arreverrie
and P. Aguerreberre. None of them
has been ln this country over two
months. To economize they shared he
one little room at the hotel, aa they
would have shared a shepherd's hut in
their own mountains.
On Friday night Navasco began to
strum his guitar and hum songs of the
Basque country. Homesickness began
to tug at the heartstrings of the com
rades. Suddenly one proposed that
they levy upon the common treasury
and buy a little vino. The idea waa
promptly seconded.
A simple feast of bread and cheese
was spread and the jug began to circu
late freely. The guitar tinkled merrily
and all four joined in songs, for every
shepherd of the Pyrenees is a musician
born. They talked of the black-eyed
girls at home, of the dances of the folk
in their villages, of their mountains far
across the waste of waters.
They forgot that the rain was on the
roof, that they were among a strange
people and almost penniless. A shep
herd of the Pyrenees is always gay,
they said. And the revel kept up until
the quartet grew drowsy.
The landlord had warned them against
the light. It was neither from oil or
tallow, nor was it a torch, he explained.
It was a bewitched light and if blown
out would cause the death of the man
who extinguished it. But one of the
four forgot the admonition. The light
was blown out.
Yesterday morning Mrs. Yparra
guirre. the landlady, found gas
v>as escaping from the room occupied
by the shepherds. She unlocked the
door and summoned aid. Three of the
Basques were piled into an ambulance
and rushed to the Central Emergency
Hospital. The fourth was taken in a
patrol wagon.
All four wttj recover. As they lay
in their cots at the Central Emergency
Hospital they swore an oath that
they would never again have anything
to do with the bewitched light, that is
"neither a torch, a lamp or a candle,"
and must not be blown out. This was
the New Year's resolution of four
shepherds from the Basque country.
GENERAL, MOORE ON TOUR
TO HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
Army Transport Thomas Sails for
Honolulu and Manila With
Many Officers.
General Francis Moore was accompa
nied to the transport dock by many of
his friends yesterday when he boarded
the transport Thomas for Honolulu.
Among the officers who were on the
dock to bid him godspeed were Gen
eral and Mrs. W. E. Dougherty, Gen
eral and Mrs. C. A. Coolidge, Major S.
W. Dunning, Major H. M. Morrow,
Colonel W. S. Patten, Major G. O.
Squier, Captain John J. Bradley, Dr.
John D. Yost, Major and Mrs. C. A.
Devol, Major and Mrs. Charles It.
Krauthoff, Captain W. P. Burnham.
Major W. M. Morrow, Lieutenant
Chase Dostes, Lieutenant George E.
Ball and Lieutenant L. C. Bennett.
General Moore expects to return to his
pest on January 23.
Following is a list of passengers who
sailed on the Thomas:
For Honolulu—Brigadier General
Francis Moore, wife and daughter; Ma
jor Lea Febiger, inspector general, Pa
cific division; Lieutenant Creed F. Cox,
Mrs. and Miss Creary, Judge George D.
Gear and wife. For Manila—Lieuten
ant Colonel John A. Hull and wife; Ma
jor D. S. Stanley, wife, son and nurse;
Captain John L. Hayden, wife and two
sons; Captain Edward F. McGlachlin,
Colonel H. H. Bandholtz and wife, Cap
tain G. Soulard Turner, Lieutenant
William R. Pope, Lieutenant Thomas L.
Brewer, Lieutenant James Conway,
Lieutenant Ward Dabney, Ltettlenant
John C. Fairfax, Lieutenant O. G. Col
lins, wife and Miss Harriet Collins;
Lieutenant Carroll W. Neill, Lieutenant
J. N. Mack and wife, Lieutenant Leo P.
Quinn, Lieutenant Robert Burrows, Dr.
Leonard P. Bell, Dr. Robert J, Hess,
Dr. Morris J. Hansen, Miss Maria L.
Warwick, Mrs. J. W. Bubb, Mrs. M. M.
Fosdick, Mrs. Sol Berliner and daugh
ter, Miss Gail Hetherington, Mrs. H.
L. Scott, three children and nurse;
Judge W. F. Morris, wife and daugh
ter; Patrick Murray, wife and son;
Mrs. W. H. Chambers, Mrs. W. W:
Quenton and child; Mrs. W. A. Mil
stead and two children; Montgomery
Schuyler Jr., Julius G. Lay and wife,
Mrs. Washington Turner, George R.
Halden, Miss Cora Beidler, Miss Mary
L. Campin, Miss Nellie L. Butler, Mrs.
Louis Karcher, Miss Louise and Leon
ard Karcher, Charles S. Simpson. G.
Roland Bell, Miss Francis V. Elliott
and sister, Mrs. Fred E. Green and
sister, Miss Katherine Lee North, Mrs.
Thomas M. Clinton, Mrs. J. W. Hill
and child, Mrs. John P. Merrill and
daughter, Anne Williamson, C. P.
Huntington. There are also thirty
eight passengers in the second class,
bound for Honolulu and Manila, 360
enlisted men for the Fifth, Twenty
eighth and Twenty-sixth batteries,
field artillery; 504 recruits, 230 infan
try and 274 cavalry.
The report of General Mac Arthur
on the encampments and maneuvers
of the Pacific division was published
yesterday and it is full of interesting
data. It goes minutely into the details
of camp life at American Lake and
at Camp Atascadero. A prominent
place in the report is given to the
work of Major G. O. Squire, whose
discoveries in the evolution of wire
less telegraphy mark a great epoch
in this most wonderful of modern In
ventions.
Injured In Runaway.
Captain M. Lorenzo, secretary of
the Retail Merchants' Association, and
his wife were Injured in a runaway
accident in the park last night' Lo
renzo was driving on the main boule
vard when his steed became unman
ageable and ran away. Both man
and woman were thrown to the
ground. They were later treated
the Park Hospital by Dr. Herzog for
contusions and lacerations. Neither
was seriously injured.
KOWALSKY CASE
ENDS SUDDENLY
Judge Kerrigan Gives Hus
band Divorce Decree on
the Ground of Desertion
SETTLEMENT IS MADE
Wife's Suit Not Pressed and
Property Interests Are
Adjusted Out of Court
The Kowalsky divorce case, about
which much secrecy has been thrown
since its filing and the trial of which
started last week behind closed doors
in Judge Sloss' court, came to a sud
den ending yesterday. Judge Kerri
gan, to whom the case had been trans
ferred, granted the divorce to the hus
band, Joseph N. Kowalsky, on a cross
complaint charging willful desertion.
The property interests have been set
tled out of court. The wife, Ettie
Kowalsky first sued for divorce,
charging her husband with being so
penurious that he allowed her only $2
a week. There were other grounds for
her action, which Kowalsky denied.
He was formerly a shoe dealer, but
now deals in stocks. His brother, H.
L Kowalsky, was his attorney arid a
witness in the case.
Judge Kerrigan yesterday heard evi
dence in the case of D. D. Griffiths
against Anita Griffiths, whom he mar
ried last January. She Is traveling
with the James Keane theatrical com
pany, and Griffiths accused her of in
fidelity, naming the head of the com
pany as corespondent. A deposition
is to be read before the case Is
decided.
By Attorneys Bishop & Hoefier Mar
garet F. Butler yesterday sued William
A. Butler for divorce on the ground of
cruelty, charging him with having
abused and beaten her. Butler is the
son of the manager of the Baden Brick
Company. Suit for legal separation
was also begun by Mary Verdier
against Philippe Verdier, whom she
married in France in 1882, for deser
tion, and by J. L. Barton against Har
riet F. Barton for desertion.
FORGERY CASES AGAINST
McGLADE ARE DISMISSED
It Is Said That His Friends Will Now
Petition to have Him Released
oh Parole.
Two cases against Peter W. McGlade
charging him with forgery that have
been on Judge Cook's calendar for over
three years were dismissed yesterday
on motion of the District Attorney.
McGlade is now serving a sentence of
eight years in San Quentin. The rea
son given for dismissing the other two
cases was that Judge Cook is desirous
of having his calendar cleared, and as
the McGlade cases have not been tried
within the sixty days prescribed by law
there is no use in cumbering the calen
dar with them. The real reason is said
to be that McGlade's friends will now
make an effort to have him freed on
parole, the cases having been kept on
the calendar to prevent such contin
gency.
McGlade was bookkeeper in the office
of the Superintendent of Streets, and
on May 22. 1899, he was indicted on
three charges of forgery committed on
salary demands. On his trial on the
first case the jury disagreed three
times, but at the fourth trial he was
convicted on July 13, 1901, and sen
tenced to serve eight years in San
Quentin.
OLD GENTLEMAN' MANGLED
BY CAR AND MAY DIE
G. K. Butler, on Visit to Son, Fatally
Injured at Tlihtj-Ninth
Avenue.
G. K. Butler, a resident of Vallejo,
father of Police Officer Paul Butler,
who is the private secretary to Cap
tain Mooney, met with an accident
yesterday that will in all probability
terminate fatally. The old gentleman,
who is in his seventieth year, arrived
yesterday morning with the intention
of spending the New Year here, as
also the fortieth anniversary of his
marriage. He was on his way to his
son's home on Thirty-ninth avenue on
a Sutro car.
On arrival at the avenue he got off
and was crossing the track when an
inbound car struck him and knocked
him down. His right leg was broken
in two places and his right arm frac
tured. In addition to these injuries
he was hurt internally and suffered
what may prove a fracture of the
skull. The old gentleman was re
moved to the Park Hospital, where
Dr. Carl G. Wilson attended him. He
was later removed* to the French Hos
pital, where he lies in a precarious
condition.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL.
Few People Know How Useful It Is
in Preserving Health and Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that char
coal is the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature, but
few realize its value when taken into
the human system for the same cleans
ins puroose.
Charcoal is a remedy that the more
you take of it the it is not a
drug at all, but simply absorbs the
gases and impurities always present in
the stomach and intestines and carries
them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
smoking, drinking or after eating
onions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and im
proves the complexion, it whitens the
teeth and further acts as a natural and
eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the injurious gases which
collect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal in one
form or another, but probably the best
charcoal and the most for the money
is in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges; they
are composed of the finest powdered
Willow charcoal, and other harmless
antiseptics in tablet form or rather in
the form of large, pleasant tasting loz
enges, the charcoal being mixed with
honey.
The daily use of these lozenges will
soon tell in a much improved condition
of the general health, better complex
ion, sweeter breath and purer blood,
and the beauty of it is, that no possible
harm can result from their continued
use. but on the contrary, great benefit.
A Buffalo physician in speaking of
the benefits of charcoal, says: "I ad
vise Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges to all
patients fuffering from gas in stom
ach and bowels, and to clear the com
plexion and purify the breath, mouth
and throat; I also believe the liver is
greatly benefited by the daily use of
them; they cost but 25 cents a box at
drug stores, and although in some sense
a patent preparation, yet I believe I
get more and better charcoal In Stuart's
Charcoal Lozenges than in any of the
ordinary charcoal tablets."
ADVERnSKSTJENTSL
Great Alteration Sale
WE take pleasure in announc
ing to the public that on
TITF! Tuesday morning, January
3rd, 1905, we shall com
mence our Great Alteration Sale.
This being our first Sale since
the famous "Salvage Sale" held
by us in 1883, we propose to make
it a memorable event to the pur
chasing public of San Francisco.
The work of remodeling is con
fined, for the present, to the front
and upper floors of the building
and will in no way interfere with
the convenience of our patrons.
It would be impossible to quote
the many decisive reductions in
prices that will take place, but it
is sufficient to state that Special
Bargains will be offered in ALL
DEPARTMENTS.
During Sale Store Will Open
9 a. tn. and Close at 5 p. m.
111 to 121 Post Street
NEW YEAR DAY SERVICES
AT THE VARIOUS CHURCHES
Siiecial Programme Will Be Given
This Evening in Art Gallery of
3lechanics' Pavilion.
This evening in the art gallery of tho
Mechanics' Pavilion divine worship will
be held by the congregation of the First
English Lutheran Church. A large chor
us will render the following programme:
"Victorious," processional hymn
(Sawvell); doxology; reading of Scrip
ture; choral, "Praise Ye the Father"
(Gounod); invocation; hymn, "Antioch"
(Handel); choral, "Come, Holy Spirit"
(Sawvell); soprano solo obligato *by
Mrs. Buron Kelley; hymn, "Corona
tion" (Holden); offertory; choral, "The
Heavens Are Telling" (Haydn); trio,
Mrs. Buron Kelley, soprano; Mr.
George H. Caldwell, tenor; Mr. J. Bid
dick, bass; benediction; recessional.
The Christmas oratorio of "The Na
tivity," composed by Dr. H. J. Stewart,
will be repeated at the First Congre
gational Church this evening. H. Wis
mer will play a violin solo.
At the First Presbyterian Church this
T ERTISEMEXTS.
DON'T
Don't simply "get a bottle
of cough medicine." Get
Good cough medicine. Ask
your druggist for
"Adams"
Irish Moss Congh Balsam
and you will have the best,
the kind that cures in a day.
It costs you no more than
the thousand and one un
known kinds that the dealer
tries to sell you because of
larger profits.
evening there will be a Scotch service
held under the auspices of the St. An
drews' Society. The old psalms and
paraphrases so dear to Scotch hearts
will be sung. Rev. W. K. Guthrie, chap
lain of St. Andrews' Society, will
preach.
At St. Ignatius Church this morning
there will be a solemn high mass at
10:30 o'clock, with a sermon by the
Rev. Dionysius Mahony. In the evening
there will be solemn vespers, a sermon
by the Rev. Richard A. Gleeson and
solemn benediction.
Rev. A. C. Bane, pastor of the How
ard-street Methodist Episcopal Church,
will preach this evening on "Thoughts
for the New Year."
"Redeeming the Time" is the morn
ing subject of Rev. F. E. Brown of the
First Methodist Episcopal Church. In
the evening he will preach on "A Night
of Fruitless Toil."
Rev. W. P. Stanley, pastor of the
Hamil on-s iune Methodise Episcopal
Church, will preach this evening on
"Some Worthy Aspirations for 1905."
At the First African Methodist Epis
copal Zlon Church, 805 Stockton street,
Rev. Smith pastor, the fol
lowing services will be held to-day at
7:30 p. m.: Anniversary celebration of
the emancipation proclamation: intro
ductory remarks, J. S. Francis, editor
of Western Outlook, master of ceremo
nies: anthem, "Praise the Lord," choir;
invocation; "America," congregation
and choir; paper, "Abraham Lincoln,"
Clara Bryant; reading of the emancipa
tion proclamation, T. P. Morton; ad
dress, William Costely: solo, "All Hall
the Power," W. R. Davis; address, Hon.
Thomas Pearson of Oakland, orator of
the occasion; "Jesus Shall Reign,"
choir; doxology; benediction.
Store Wanted.
Townsend must move. 715 Market st. •
Apartment-House Injunction.
A suit for injunction to prevent
Mary Malar, manager of the apart
ment-house at the corner of Turk and
Hyde streets, from turning the re
ceipts over to the lessees, Mrs. M. A.
Baird, H. E. Baker and William J.
Sofield, was begun yesterday by Char
lotte F. Clarke and Charlotte H,
Wright, qwners of the property. A
temporary restraining order was is
sued by Judge Kerrigan. Mrs. Clarke
and Mrs. Wright contend that tha les
sees are 53700 behind'in their rent
for four months and are evading ser
vice of suit for the money by remain
ing away from the house, which they
have turned over to Mrs. Malar.
Have It printed by Edward Knowlea Com
pany, 24 Second street, near Market. •
If a cold coin slips down a girl's neck
she can make everybody believe that
all she is thinking about la a beautiful
Sunday-school lesson.
■WmV , JHHNHH
OENIEAL WM. BOOTH.
Salvation Army, Testifies,
Mr. Mayerle—Pear Sir: The glasses made
for me by Mr. George Mayerle, the German
Expert Optician, are the best that I ever re
member using. Yours faithfully,
WILLIAM BOOTH.
pjjggr* To avoid imitators
be absolutely sure
of the name
"George Mayerle"
Number 1071 MARKET ST.
Near Comer Seventh Street,
EYES EXAMINED FREE
George Mayerle's Eyewater, SOc;
By mall, «2c. George Mayerle's anti
septic eyeglass cleaners, 2 for 25c.
| SEEDS 1
B our beautifully illustrated B
WO catalogue and one packet of ■
8» LUTHER BUHBANK 8 ■
59| latest Introduction II
m| Australian Star Flower H
BaJ a live-forever everlasting* II
SS mailed for 25 cents |H
i COX SEED CO. I
H 411, 413, 415 Ban some Street, IB
fJBk SAW ma JLW
mauvais Music ca
£33 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASON.
Talk-o-phone Agency.Pages 35 to 42
MISS MARIE R. VOORHIES A
WITCHING ARMY BRIDE.
IN ft BEAUTIFUL BOWER ft Fftlß SOCIETY HftlD"
BECOMES WIFE OF CftPTftlN HftLDIMftND P. YOUfIG
BY SALLY SHARP.
When in the long stretch of yester
year was there daintier, winsomer
bride than Miss Marie Voorhies?—the
lasjt..of the lovely Voorhies maids, of
whom there were four ere Cupid picked
them off with his little barbed arrows.
Promptly at four the bride entered
the music-room on the arm of her
father, Dr. Alfred Hunter Voorhies, her
attendant. Miss Florence Ives, leading
the way to the bridal bower. Here they
were joined by Captain Young, looking
very brave in his full dress uniform,
attended by his brother from New
York. Richard B. Young.
Bishop Nichols performed the cere
mony, which waa the fourth Voorhies
nuptials celebrated by the Episcopal
divine; arid behind this lies a pretty
story. Away back in the dark days of
the war a Tennessee regiment, while
pa'sfiing through Georgia, found its
chaplain very ill—so ill that to go on
would .be death. So he was carried to
the home of Colonel Bailey, Mrs. Voor
hies' father, where he was tenderly
nursed back to health. Now this chap
lain was none other than the famous
Bishop Quintaxd of Tennessee, whose
niece wedded Bishop Nichols. And thus
the friendship of to-day was sown in
the long ago, in the soil of Christian
'charity.
•A fair picture was the bride in her
Chantilly lace robe, the bodice of which
was- cut square, with an alluring lace
yoke. . Her veil of tulle was caught in
piquant fashion with a spray of orange
blossoms, and on her arm she bore a
huge bouquet of lilies of the valley and
maidenhair.
: A handsome chap is the groom, of
ready wit and of soldierly bearing— "a
. famously well-matched pair," said they
wh.i passed in review.
• Miss Ives was a fetching maid in her
cream net gown; so, too, was Mrs. J.
.'Malcolm Henry, whose robe of net over
white satin was stunning; in her hair
. she. wore a violet orchid. Mrs. Voor
hies wore a beautiful black Chantilly
gown over white satin, wearing some
superb diamonds.
The. Voorhies home is admirably
adapted to large functions, the music
•room: dining-room, drawing-room and
library sweeping into one apartment.
Green and white—fit colors for nuptials.
•standing as they do for constancy and
faith—were the tones used in the music,
room, red in the dining-room, where
ruby lights and Christmas berries lent
their cheer. Pink roses—loads of them
. —lent their beauty and sweet breath
to ihe drawing-room—a pretty picture
in truth.
Mrs. Voorhies and Mrs. Young were
assisted in receiving their guests by
Mrs. Malcolm Henry, Mrs. Francis J.
Sullivan, Mrs. H. E. Huntington. Mrs.
Edward Pond, Mrs. Reginald Knight
Smith, Mrs. Emory Winship, Mrs. A. S.
Baldwin, Mrs. Julian Sonntag, Mrs. 11.
•W. Gray". Mrs. Ryland Wallace, Mrs.
Mark Geratle, Mrs. William Beede.
..Mrs. Frederick Palmer. Mrs. George
•Batchelder, Mrs. Alexander Garceau,
Mrs. Ynez Shorb White, Mrs. Lyle
Fletcher. Mrs. W'akefield, Mrs. Hol
eombe. Mrs. Ira Pierce. Miss Phelan,
• Miss Irwin, Miss Katherirte Herrin.
Miss Helen de Young, Miss Jennie
Blair, Miss Ida Gibbons and Miss Alice
Owens.
During the reception, from 4 till 6,
a smart crush passed through the
rooms, among whom were the stun-
Jiingest women seen abroad in many
moons.
. Likewise were there some mighty
smart men there—bless them!
' A wedding needs a goodly sprinkling
of men to look smart.
'Captain and Mrs. Young depart this
'morning for the East, whither they will
Journey leisurely.
• The home of the bride at Schuylkill
Arsenal, just outside of Philadelphia,
Is said to be a cozy little nest, but it is
altogether too far away from San
Francisco to he quite to the liking of
the regretful friends of the chic little
bride.
But such are the tyrannies of love!
• • •
The Sequoia Club enters the new
. year in excellent quarters—though tem
porary—at the Palace, where a large
first floor suite has been engaged. On
special nights-or days-the parlors
■ will be at the club's disposal, all of
which is very pleasant pending the
finding of a suitable permanent home
Just at the present moment negotia
tions are pending,whereby the club will
have an ideal fireside all its own—a
cardroom, tearoom, luchroom, reception
and lounging rooms and the inexplic
able accessories that go to make a club
a thing of attraction.
While at the Palace, the rooms will
he open daily, and the ladies will be
sure to drop in for a chat—or the men
for a smoke. en
"Tuesday night at home" will he held
at the Palace rooms, where a froodlv
•.family gathering will set up th« house
hojd gods temporarily.
• » •
. The Amouret Club gave one of its
regular dinners last evening at the St
Francis. In view of the dying year the
event was rather more elaborate than
ÜBual. The red room on the mezzanine
floor, the scene of the banquet, was
made, glad by a large and radiant
•'•nr.stmas tree. Toasts were drunk in
.bubbling bumpers to the departing
"rpt r ' and a royal welcome to the new.
The king Is dead—long live the king."
• * •
Mrs. J". B. Schroeder and her daughter.
Miss Eugenic Hawes. will be "at home"
' to-day In their apartments at the
• Plea san ton.
e'e . . c
'Mr. and Mrs. P. Tillman, who are in
Jiremen. hav\e been entertaining their
granddaughter, Miss Nohriesner of
. this city for some time. Mr. Tillmann is
the senior member of the firm of Till
mann & Bendel.
•;e ■ c
Frederick Hohwiesner announces the
*npagement of his daughter, Nanny
Fcbmelzkopf, to Captain M. Engle
brecht of the Thirty-ninth Regiment,
Cusseldorf, Germany.
• ■» •
The marriage of Miss EHce A. Thall
8 .^l nry F - Risbrough will take place
next Thursday. The bride-to-be Is the
daughter of the late Mark Thall.
• • •
Miss Hallle Erminie Rives left San
Francisco last evening for New York.
THE JIT CALL
CHARMING DAUGHTER OF DR. ALFRED H. VOORHIES. AND ONE OF THE
MOST POPULAR MEMBERS OF THE LOCAL SMART SET. WHO YESTER
DAY BECAME A BRIDE. THE CEREMONY BEING PERFORMED BY BISHOP
NICHOLS.
ENTRE NOUS
WELCOMES 190S
WITH A DANCE
The Entre Nous Cotillon Club closed
11)04 with appropriate rites, and last
evening there was a gay assembly in
the new ballroom of the Palace Hotel.
Palms and flowers were in plenthul
evidence in the dancing and reception
rooms, and brilliance characterized the
scene. The cotillon, in which were six
pretty and effective figures, was led by
Sanford G. Lewald and Miss Edna E.
Young. The maple room was trans
formed into a banquet hal} after the
cotillon, and many merry,toasts were
offered to the new year. The following
programme gave rise to much enjoy
ment: Address f of welcome, Walter H.
Robinson; solo, Fred J. Riccomi; toast,
"Our Club," Miss Pauline E. Ryder;
solo, James C. Hayburn; solo, Lucile
M. Stebbing; recitation. Miss Jessie B.
Lyon; toast, "Our Belles and Buds,"
Arthur H. Meuasdorffer: solo, Miss
Ethel Graham; toast, "Our Bachelor
Members," Anna P. Cowperthwaite;
solo. Dave W. Wise.
The following participated ln the
leading sets: Miss Vera Allen, Mrs.
Eva Avery, Miss Eileen Allen, Mis?
Flora Barto, Miss Selma Brink. Miss
Hazel Bennet, Mac-Barry, Aimee Bar
ry, Mathyld E. Browne, Lulu Becker,
Mabel Byington, Anna Cowperthwaite,
May Cowperthwaite, Irene E. Carroll,
Selina Cohn, Alma Diel, Iretta Delano,
Emily C. Efgar, Marie Frey, Mac Jew
ell Fraser, Mabel Fraser, Juliette
Grass, Ethel Graham, Terisita E. Gar
cia, Belle • Herzer, Gertrude L. Hurt
zig, Doris Heuer, Dorothea Joost, Jes
sie B. Lyon, Susie B. Logan, Etta
Langrehr, Winifred J. Leary, May Lay
don, Merle Lawson, Cecelia L. Moore,
Barbara McClure, Frieda Munster,
Edna L. Mohr, Ruby A. Moore, Edith
L. Mooie, Irene Meussdorffer, Margaret
O'Donnell, Lucy H. Priber, Lvoille M.
Stebbing, Grace E. Connor, Georgia.
R. Tozer, Lulu A. Wegener, Eleanor
F Wegener, M-iude A. Wilson. Mattie
Wolpman, Barbara Wolpman. Mar
garet C. Williamson, Ruby Wilson.
Pauline E. Ryder, Marion Whitehead,
Edna E. Young, Virginia Ryder, Mr.
and Mrs. H. William Westerfeld, Dr.
and Mrs. Charles Clark, Mr. and Mrs.
I. Zellerbach. Mr. and Mrs. Herman
H. Herzer, Mr. and Mrs. Merritt D.
Robison.
Robert Anderson, Horace Appleton,
Dr. A. Woodley Baker, Dr. E. J. Creil
ing, Louis N. Baudoin, William A.
Conneau, Harlow Culver, Clarence
Condon, Ralph G. Cople. Charles L
Chubbuck, Leonard G. Coop, Arthur
B. Can ill. Beach Dean, Dr. William A.
Ellis. Philip G. Edgar, William N. El
fendehl, Alfred A. Ey, George D. Fra
ser, Louis Ferrari, L. L. Fallon, Ed
ward w. Gordon, George S. Gould,
Curtiss N. Gilley, William F. Hooke,
Reuben Haas, Clarence Hohfeld, J.
Clyde Harris, James C. Hayburn, Mar
tin Joost, Dr. Edmond D. Keeffe, Ed
ward J. Lynch, Walter S. Lyon, Ar
thur H. Muessdorffer, J. Allen Magin
is, Rollin E. Noble. Dr. Charles J.
Nicolai, John T. Nourse, Dr. D. A. Os
trom Jr., Eugene T. O'Neill, Joseph J.
Phillipps, Frank J. Ruth, John L.
Reed, Fred J. Riccomi, George L.
Riccomi, Walter H. Robinson, Scott
L. Reid, Edmond Russ, J. Fred Scan
lan, Otto A. Schoning, David Selby
David B. Torres, James A. William
son, Roger Wilson, Roy 8. White G.
Hazelton Wilsori, Dave W. Wise, Wil-
SUPERVISOR
BRANDENSTEIN TO
WED ON MONDAY
Supervisor H. U. Brandenstein yes
terday procured a license to marry
Mis.s May Colman. The wedding will
take place at the home of the bride,
2268 Franklin street, to-morrow at
noon and will be a strictly private one
and only the members of the families
of the contracting parties are among
the invited guests. The cevemony will
be performed by Dr. Voorsanger.
Mr. Brandenstein and Miss Cblman
are old friends, having known each
other for years. The bride-to-be is the
daughter of Charles Colman, the well
known merchant, and has a host of
friends among the younger social set.
After the wedding the couple will
make their home in this city.
PERSONAL.
Captain Everett, U. S. N., is at the
St. Francis.
J. G. Roberts, a banker of Madera, is
at the Palace.
Simon Green, a shoe manufacturer of
Santa Rosa, is at the Occidental.
N. Thompson, a prominent resident of
Salt Lake City, is at the St. Francis.
Bank Commissioner Guy B. Barham
of Los Angeles is at the St. Francis.
E. E. Galbreth, a well-known Los
Angeles attorney, is at the Occidental.
Hervey Lindley, the president of the
Klamath River Railroad Company, Is
at the Palace.
B. Peterson, who is connected with
the electric railway company of Sacra
mento, is a guest at the Grand.
A. C. Rulofson, formerly with Baker
& Hamilton, has returned from the
East. He will soon resume business in
this city.
J. A. Murray, a millionaire mining:
man of Montana, who has a winter
residence at Monterey, is registered at
the St. Francis.
Mayor Carter Harrison of Chicago,
who is making an annual tour of the
western section of the country, is ex
pected here in a few days.
David Young of Newark, N. J., who
is in charge of the physical conditions
of the electric street railways controlled
by the Baltimore syndicate, arrived
from the East yesterday and is at the
Palace. He has come to San Francisco
to visit his son, who is a superintend
ent of one of the systems of the United
Railroads.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 31.— N. C. Ray
and wife of San Francisco are at the
New Willard and Mrs. Francis Web
ster Fish and Miss Fish of Martinez,
Cal., are at the Riggs House.
Children at the White House.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 81.—The Pres
ident and Mrs. Roosevelt rounded out
the old year by entertaining at a chil
dren's party, the east room being used.
Later in the evening a cold luncheon
was served.
Ham J. Watson, Acton Haven, Ar
thur Prill.
The next assembly and german of
the Entre Nous will take place Friday
evening, February 17, 1905, in the
ballroom of the Palace Hotel.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1905
TUMULT GREETS
THE NEW YEAR
Carnival Crowd Makes Merry
on the Streets as 1905
Opens Up for Business
EMULATES VAN WINKLE
Inebriate Falls Asleep in
December and Is Rudely
Awakened on January 1
Amid a blare of horns, a jangling of
bells and a screeching of steam
whistles, the year 1904 made its exit
and IUOS entered with its hopes, prom
ises and resolutions. San' Francisco
received the new-comer gleefully.
From 6 o'clock until midnight every
body who could crowd into Market
street mingled in the jostling stream
of humanity that moved along the
city's great thoroughfare. The crowd
was bo<stercus„ but ihere was little
rowdyism. The European carnival
spirit reigned all through the merri
ment. It was give and take with the
Jesting and buffoonery.
The street and sidewalks were soon
hidden under confetti. The tiny flakes
showered through the air, caught in
the whiskers of the venerable, dropped
down the backs of the ticklish, settled
in the tresses of the beautiful and un
settled the dignity of the supercilious.
So thickly did confetti cover the side
walks that enterprising small boys
scooped it up and resold it, keeping the
stuff in circulation.
Everything that could make a noise
was mustered into service. Horns, cow
bells, corncrakes, firecrackers and ev
ery known offender against the peace
joined in the din. Masks, false beards
and outlandish costumes lent the car
nival aspect to the crowd that filled
Market street, for New Year's eve is
San Francisco's Mardi Gras.
The affair was decidedly cosmopoli
tan. When a newsboy brushed the face
of Miss Pacific Avenue with a not
over clean feather duster the damsel
retorted with a shower of confetti.
Street sweepers rubbed shoulders with
men of millions. All social barriers
were leveled along Market street.
An evidence of the pood work done
in the year past and a hint as to what
will be done toward the making of a
bigger and more beautiful San Fran
cisco was the opening of the new Flood
building. The massive structure was
lighted from cellar to the topmost
story, and crowds surged through it
and admired.
Policemen stationed at short inter
vals along the streets in the crowded
districts kept the stream of humanity
moving. Only on rare occasions were
they necde<kJ«; Jhe wuppression of
hoodrnmism.
Among the throng were those who
were forming the annual resolutions
to abstain for un entire year. As usual,
the greater part of these kept bidding
farewell to their favorite mixtures un
til long after the whistles tooted in the
year l'M)5. Then they realized that it
was too late; they had got the better
of the new year and they resolved to
wait until 1905. Inebriates were not
unusually plentiful. Policeman Mui
phy located one with his head reclin
ing on a curbstone just before the first
dawn of 1905 crept over the hills.
"Wake up," ordered the policeman
'It's 1P05."
"G'wan; you're kidding," replied
thq stricken one. "Can't work any old
Rip Van (hie) Winkle gag on me."
"That's on the level," said Murphy.
The inebriated one began to sob.
"Grtat Scott! Haven't been home for
whole year. What 11 wife and fam
ily say? 'he mourned. "May be ain't
got wife and family any more. Slep'
whole year. May be home fallen in
ruins and my dog howling at garden
gate. Say, I'm Rip Van Winkle, kid
no wife, no family; home all gone."
"There is always a home for the Van
Winkle kids these days." said Police
man Murphy consolingly, as he steered
the inebriated man to a patrol box.
There were two wagons on duty at
the Central police station, and they
were kopt busy around midnight.
As the hands of the clocks stole
toward 12 all the noise creators joined
in a pandemonium. The minute hands
tarried an instant at the hour; then
they moved slightly—l9o4 was with
the past and 100." was mustered in; the
tumult died and the carnival was over.
GRAIN BROKERS LIVELY.
Heroes of Wheat Pit Break All Rec-
The exit of the old year and the
coming of the new was marked by a
great demonstration at the Merchants-
Exchange grain board yesterday. Th&
new quarters are nearly ready for the
board at California and Leidesdorft
streets and the chance for a "lark" in
the old quarters was the last to be af
forded as a herald to the new year.
Perhaps this added zest to the demon
stration that the brokers contrived and
carried out to make the occasion
memorable and to break all records.
When the board was assembled yes»
terday forenoon those who were in
the secret of the fun and who were
determined that no man should escape
until all the joy was over locked the
doors and all the inmates saw the
sport which in circus handbills would
be described as ' fast and furious"
from start to finish. Brokers Berg,
Buehr, Waterman, Rosenthal, Cutter,
Moseley and Bresse were chief insti
gators of the proceedings, but they
werekbacked up by all the others, who
had #ne of the times of their life.
Bald heads and other heads and
clothing were showered with bags of
flour of California make. Firecrackers
and bombs were exploded in all direc-.
tions and at everybody and the din
was something quite unparalleled out
side of a Chinese New Year fusillade in
the palmiest days of Chinatown. Men
of all ages and all degrees of custom
ary decorum and gravity threw up their
hats and yelled until they were hoarse.
Hundreds of men, attracted Ijy the
noise, crowded to the exhange vi
cinity to learn whether the bombard
ment of Port Arthur had not been
transmitted to San Francisco. When
it was all over the "boys" went out
laughing, some of them still white
with flour, but none the worse for
their bit of nonsense.
WELCOME NEW YEAR.
Streets of New York Thronged With
Noisy Crowds.
NEW YORK, Dec. 31.—New York ren
dered Its customary pantomimic greet
ords iv Celebrating
MAYOR MAKES
APPOINTMENT
Confirms Call's Prediction
by Naming Dr. Jules Simon
Member of Health Board
MAY PROMOTE ALTMANN
Rumor That School Director
Will Go on Works Board.
Oliver May Succeed Him
Mayor Schmitz yesterday announced
the appointment of Dr. Jules Arthur
Simon as a member of the Board of
Health. The appointment was exclu
sively foretold in The Call more than
three weeks ago. Dr. Simon takes the
place made vacant by the resignation
of Dr. J. C. Stinson.
Dr. Simon qualified immediately by
filing his oath of office and will issume
his new duties at c-nce. A special meet
ing of the Health Board will be called
by President Ward to induct the new
member into office.
Dr. Simon is a physician of high
standing and a specialist on nervous
and mental diseases. He graduated
from the medical department of the
University of California in 1875. Short
ly afterward he went to Paris, and
after serving as interne in the Hospi
tal de Rothschild from 1880 to 1882 he
became a member of the Faculty of
Medicine in 1883. Returning to this
country, he was clinical instructor on
nervous diseases from 1884 to 1890 and
was a member of the State Board of
Medical Examiners from 1887 to 1889.
He holds memberships in a number of
medical associations.
The political wiseacres are figuring
on a shift to be made on the commis
sions to which appointments will be
made by Mayor Schmltz on January 9.
It is said that the Mayor contemplates
the transfer of a. member of the Board
of Education, probably Director A. Alt
mann, to the Board of Public Works,
leaving a vacancy for David J. Oliver
Jr., who has been assured that he will
receive some appointment. In that case
the hopes of Thomas F. Egan will be
disappointed. Dr. Joseph Poheim
looms up as a strong candidate for Po
lice Commissioner, though Dr. George
Diucker and Arthur Dudley Cross are
mentioned for that post. Commission
ers Wreden, Voorsanger and Rogers
are sure of reappointment and William
H. Metscn is hopeful of being made
Park Commissioner,
RESTAURANT MAN IS IIELB
VP ON HIS OWN DOORSTEP
William Berger was held up on
Thursday night as he was leaving the
Walton grill, 452 Ellis street, and now
lies in his room in a very badly bat
tered condition. He says the attack
upon him was a clear case of hold-up
by William Smith, a man who had
been In his employ for about two
weeks. During this period every night
when Berger was counting the cash
Smith was by and always took an in
terest in the proceeding.
Smith left Berger's employment of
his own accord about ten days ago.
Since then he has been loitering
around and several of the neighbors
have noticed him peeking over the
fence and watching what was going
on in Berger's place, the Walton grill,
425 Ellis street. On the night of the
attack Berger counted the money and
after putting it in his pocket started
for home. As he was going down the
back steps he was confronted by
Smith, who drew a pistol on him. In
his endeavor to avoid a shot from the
pistol Berger made a misstep and fell
down the stairs. His back was sprain
ed, his legs were hurt, his left arm
was broken near the elbow and he
received deep cuts over the nose and
right eye.
Berger's cries for help brought a
number of the cooks in the grill to
the rescue. After a hot chase Smith
was caught and locked up at the City
Prison. He is charged with assault
with a deadly weapon.
ing to the new year to-night with more
variety than ever before. This was due
to an almost balmy evening, that in
vited additional thousands to join the
multitude who streamed up and down
Broadway for at least two hours before
midnight. Toward Old Trinity, ever the
central point of the New Year's eve
festivities, the mob of downtown revel
ers moved. Here horns tooted the old
year out, while the chimes, which for
years have rung the half-hour before
the dying year's last night, sang their
happy omen of the incoming season.
The subway and the elevated and
surface roads were crowded to their
utmost capacity to-night with parties
bound to get as near to Trinity as they
could. The Brooklyn bridge and all the
downtown ferries added their quotas,
until by 11 o'clock Broadway was com
pletely jammed from the City Hall
down to the Battery. The streets run
ning to the ferries were lined all day
with venders, who did a great trade in
horns, rattles, whistles and other ear
splittmg devices.
At 11:45 the solemn chimes of Trinity
pealed forth their parting to the old
year, followed by the bells of nearly
every church in the city. Almost in
stantly the tumult of horns and whis
tles commenced, growing every minute
in volume until, as the midnight hour
struck, the whistles of a thousand
steameis, tugs and ferry-boats swelled
with their hoarse blasts the mighty di
apason of welcome to the new year.
For nearly an hour the din continued
as usual, to the complete extinction of
the Trinity chimes, and then the multi
tude began to gradually float away un
til at 1 o'clock the lower part of the
city was almost deserted.
At the hour the chimes began the I
multitude became so great and so 1
threatening that the captain in charge j
of the police on duty gave orders that
no more sightseers be allowed to walk I
below Cedar-street, and a police line ;
was formed in the fiddle of Broadway
to turn the enormous crowds of horn
blowing humanity down the side
streets. ,
Four hundred policemen, half a dozen
captains and a number of sergeants,
roundsmen and numerous detectives
were on hand, and as the crowds
marched dGßroadway, expecting to
halt in front of Old Trinity, they were
turned aside and forced to go down
Wall street.
The crowds in upper Broadway were
also unprecedented and 600 policemen
were specially detailed In the tender
loin to keep the great pushing, crowd
ing throng moving along,
HIS FUN COSTS
MONTH'S WAGES
Edward M. Boland, a Clerk
Employed by Electricity
Board, Waylaid and Bobbed
THIEVES USE SANDBAG
Man Is Found Unconscious
by Detective Cornelius,
With Coin and Watch Gone
A New Tear's over-indulgence In
liquor, which was taken advantage of
by footpads, cost Edward M. Boland
his month's wages last night and land
ed him in the hospital.
Boland is a clerk employed by the
Board of Electricity. He was held up
and robbed some time before 7 o'clock
and was found unconscious on Locust
avenue, near Polk street, by Detective
Cornelius of the City Hall station.
Cornelius had the man conveyed to
the Central Emergency Hospital, where
he soon recovered consciousness. He
had been drinking, as his condition at
tested. His watch and $80 were gone
and a broken end of the watch chain
was hanging to the vest.
Dr. Glover, who attended the Injured
man, gave his opinion that Boland was
felled with some blunt instrument, pre
sumably a sandbag. A deep laceration
of the scalp and a possible fracture
comprised the injuries,. Unless compli
cations set in the patient will recover.
Boland's condition was such that he
could only tell a disconnected story,
saying that he had quit work yester
day noon and was paid his month's
wages, $90. He visited several saloons,
after which he wandered into Locust
avenue, and aside from being cognisant
of the fact that something hit him he
remembers nothing.
Detectives were detailed on the case,
but up to a late hour had found no
clew to Boland's assailants. Boland
lives at 451 Tenth street with his par-
SCOITISH THISTLE CLUB
WELCOMES NEW YEAR
Hogmanay supper and Ball Delights
Relatives and Friends of
the Members.
"A quid New Year to am and a' "
was the sentiment universal at the
twenty-third annual hogmanay sup
per and ball of the Scottish Thistle
Club held last night at Lyric Hall.
From the time the doors were
thrown open sorts and daughters of
the highlands and lowlands thronged
to the hall, gathered about the festal
board and enjoyed the dancing that
lasted till early morning. During the
supper toasts to "The President,"
"The King," "The Land We Live In,"
"The Land o' Cak/s," and like senti
ments were responded to by M. S.
Morrison, Mrs. Brindle, Fred Everett,
Mrs. J. H. McGregor and C. H. Biggs.
The committee in charge of the
dancing comprised James Firth, R.
Rintoul, James Robertson, James
Merriman, W. McGregor. F. Fitzger
ald, W. Campbell and Edward Ross.
Nationals Have a Jinks,
Batteries B and C of the First Bat
talion of Artillery (the Nationals), N.
G. C, had a double celebration in the
Ellis-street armory last evening. The
first and the most important of these
to the members of the two batteries
was the burning of the mortgage
which was on the property since the
building was erected and which was
recently canceled. The second was
3eeing the old year out and welcom
ing the new one.
There was a jinks, which was
opened shortly after the burning of
the mortgage with due ceremony. The
programme for the entertainment of
the members', those of Batteries D and
E and the signal corps of the Second
Brigade, was made up of songs, music
and stories and several boxing bouts.
The contributors were the artillery
band, Professor Mansfield's mandolin
club, Fred Giannini, Comedian New
man, J. H. Ed Healy and L..
Sachs. Among the boxers were Bat
tling Nelson and Eddie Stone.
When the clock announced the hour
of 12 the merrymakers gave 1905 a
rousing welcome.
The affair was under the direction
of H. I. Orth, W. H. Mallett, Fred
Hooper, August Wambold and Ed
Martin.
AUTOMOBILE TANK EXPLODES
AND THEATER IS THREATENED
Blaze Is Qulokly Extinguished and No
One Is Hurt —Panic Narrowly
Avoided.
A gasoline tank in an automobile
t-tanding in the Central Park Automo
bile and Garage Company's establish
ment on Market street, near Eighth,
exploded last night and for a moment
the blazing gasoline threatened, to
spread to the huge building which
adjoins the Central Theater.
The blaze was promptly extin
guished, but not before an alarm was
rung in. Much excitement was caused
in the theater when it was letrned
there was a fire next door. The ex
citement was quelled before any harm
was done. No one was hurt by the
explosion.
Ladies' Auxiliary Entertains.
The Ladies' Auxiliary to California
Commandery, Knights Templar, had a
most delightful party in the assembly
hall of the Pioneer building last night,
given by the ladies to the husbands
who, during the year, are not permit
ted to attend the monthly sessions of
the auxiliary. It was a full dress
function that was enjoyed by a very
large number of persons and during
the evening there was dancing in the
main hall and progressive whist in the.
ladies' parlor. The games were under
the direction of William Fletcher and
Mrs. Logan, while the dancing was
directed by Messrs. W. P. Humphries
and S. Clarke. The whole was under
the immediate supervision of Vice
President Mrs. Crowley and all the
officers of the auxiliary.
During intermission a delicate col
lation was served to all and six prizes,
three for ladles and a like number for
gentlemen, were distributed to win-
Pages 35 to 42
WOULD UPSET
COURT DECREE
Legality of Proceedings in
the Dunsmuir Will Case
to Be Contested Here
FORMAL NOTICE GIVEN
Advisers of Edna Wallace
Hopper Question Juris
diction of Probate Court
Edna Wallace Hopper, through her
attorneys, Campbell, Metson & Camp
bell, has taken the first step toward
having the contest over the will of the
late Alexander Dunsmuir transferred
from the British Columbia courts to
the Superior Court of this State. Yes
terday her lawyers served formal no
tice on N. P. Luxton, Andrew Thome
and Messrs. Wilson & Wilson, attor*
neys and agents of James Dunsmuir,
executor of the estate of Alexander
Dunsmuir, that on Friday next the
contestants will appear before the Su
perior Court and move that the de
cree of May 9, 1900, admitting the
will of the late Alexander Duns
muir to probate on letters of ad
ministration of James Dunsmuir be
declared void on the grounds that the
court was without jurisdiction to grant
that decree.
The contestants in the notice filed
yesterday claim that at the time of
making the decree the court did not
obtain Jurisdiction of any of the per
sons interested in the estate nor Juris
diction to enter any orders binding
upon the estate or upon them. In
proof of this claim the
will submit the documentary evid.
on file and copies of tie laws of
State bearing on probate proceedings.
It is asserted by prominent lawyers to
whom the legal points upon which
the contestants base their contention
have been submitted that the laws of
the State were violated and that the
young actress has a splendid chance
of upsetting the entire proceeding or
the Victoria court and of eventually
winning her case.
According to the claims of Miss
Hopper's local attorneys, who are act
ing in harmony with Sir Charles Hib
bert Tupper, legal advisor of Mrs. Joan
Dunsmuir, mother of the late Alex
ander Dunsmuir and his brother,
James Dunsmuir, against whom th«
attack on the will is made, and Judge
Edward P. Coyne. Miss Hopper's per
sonal representative, the entire pro
bate proceedings in the Superior Court
here were invalid, in that the laws of
California were not fully complied
with. It will be shown that the laws
of California provide methods for
settling foreign and domestic wills and
that Alexander Dunsmuir, having been
resident of California, his brother pro
ceeded here under the law covering
domestic wills and then took the mat
ter to the Victoria courts, where he
ignored a requirement of the Cali
fornia laws in failing to have witnesses
sworn,relative to the execution of the
will of his brother. It will be shown
that the witnesses were never sworn
in this State. In Victoria the will was
proved under what is known as th'»
"common form" of procedure, which
only requires an affidavit as to th*
genuineness of the testator's signature
and a signed statement as to his
death.
As appears in the papers filed, the
contention is that the will of Alex*
ander Dunsmuir has never been prop
erly proved and that the local court
had, therefore, no authority to grant
letters of administration on the show
ing made by the petitioner.
Labor Unions Elect.
The following' additional labor union
officers have been elected:
Journeymen Marble Cutters —Presi-
dent, James Sullivan; vice president,
William Miskel; recording secretary,
K. T. Kinucan; financial secretary, J.
A. Rutherford; treasurer, George M.
Miller; sergeant at arms, John
Whalen; board of trustees—John
Pierce, Fred Cheeseman, Joseph Cav
anagh, John Mickel and John S. Arn
old.
Cloak Makers' Union No. 8—
President, S. Urbansky; vice president,
M. Goodman; recording and corre
sponding secretary, L Jacoby; finan
cial secretary, M. Goldstein; treasurer,
B. Birenhack; trustees —F. Adolph, L.
Klein and H. Gross; executive board—
S. Crackner, M. Reis, S. Urbansky, I.
Weinstein and L. Greenberg; delegates
to Labor Council —I. Jacoby and M.
Goldman; delegate to State Federa
tion of Labor convention in Sacra
mento, L Jacoby; sergeant at arms, B.
Fink.
Iron Molders* Union No. 164—Prei
dent, A. T. Wynn; vice president, Wil
liam Burton; recording and corre
sponding sercetary, William McCabe;
financial secretary and business agent,
I A. Sullivan; treasurer. James de
Succa; inductor, M. O'Reilly; door
keeper, George Schwalbe; executive
board—William P. McCabe, I. A. Sul
livan, John Field, Herman Hextrum,
J. Kuslck, William Burton and John
O. Walsh; trustees —George Schwalbe,
Thomas Hurd, H. G. Bayly, Arthur
Baker and John Filer; auditing com
mittee —Lewis Peters, John Fox and
Frank McCutchen; physician. Dr.
George Purlenky; delegates to Labor
Council —E. Toomey, William P. Mc-
Cabe, P. P. Slater, P. Laimee .and
John O. Walsh; delegates to Iron
Trades Council—William P. McCabe,
P. P. Slater and E. Toomey.
GAME LAW VIOLATORS
ARE LX DIFFICULTY
Sportsmen and Market Hunters Who
Disregard Restrictive Statutes
Contribute to Revenue.
Deputy Fish Commissioners Cross
and Welch have seized two set nets
used for taking steelhead in Russian
River during the last week. The il
legal fishing parapher lalia was placed
in such a position as to prevent the
passage of fish of any considerable
size. The property will be confiscated
and the owners of it will be arrested
if they can be found.
Judge Frits fined Mario Fenoglio
$25 yesterday for shipping small bass.
Justice of the Peace Hough of Wal
nut Creek has fined G. Continent! $25
for peddling small bass.
Justice of the Peace Deighan of Rio
Dell has fined James Blake $25 for
killing deer during the close season.
Justice of the Peace Johnson of
Fresno Flats has imposed a fine of
$25 upon G. Sivils for killing deer out
of season.36
THECALL
JOHN 1). Sl'ltlX Ivl-LS Fi-oprh'tor
Address Communications to
JOHN MtNAUGHT ■ -Manuccr
\\ J. Martin Business Rugger
TEI.Ei'HONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The locator WW Con
nect You With the v»ien.
Publication Office... .Market and Third 8 f.
tutorial i'.ooius 2t< to -21 Bteeenajuß »-
Delivered by Carriers. 2i> Cts. Per Week -
OU. Per Month. Single Coptea » V-«»•
lerma by Mali, Including Postage icusn »nn
• Order.): <y
DAILY CALL (baclud. Sunday). 1 >"'«[• -'v ,'
DAILY call (inclbd. Sunday). « mm... *•
DAILY CALL- By Single Month rt «SJ»
SI NDAY CALL, 1 Year rg
WEEKLY CALL. 1 year -• • • • •'
. FOREIGN $ Year Extra
POSTAGE,. VxVwk'V 1 .... Per Year Extra
ALL' IHiSI'.MAMEU* ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS
fc.rmt.Ie Copies will be- forwarded wncn re
quested. . .
' Mai!-subscribers in ordering change 91 ao
dress should be particular to give both
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correc. compliance with their re
cjuest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main iuoj
BERKELEY OFFICE: _
2T48 Center Street Telephone North "
. WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT I
SAMUEL ,W. WALL Buildlr.g
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
' Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano si
Un;on Square, Murray Hill Hotel; Hfth-a\enu«
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS'.
Sherman House; P. O. News Ccv: «J**J
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Bulldlng
(Long Distance Telephone.' ' Central -bis. >
. ' NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
'STEPHEN li. SMITH 110 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. "C, CARLTON Herald Square
•BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call
• cpmel Market and Third streets: open until
'-.12 o'clock every night in the year.
.: ' BRANCH OFFICES:
lOCS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
•• 11 p. m.
til Montgomery street, corner Clay; open un.ll
"»:.10 p. m.
SW) Ha>es street: open until 9:30 p. m.
839.'McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
fls Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
.JV4I Mitsion street; open until 10 p. m.
106.Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
• open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fi!,more street: open until 9 p. m.
.SEAL ESTATE —CITY—FOS SALE.
: . gPECK & CO..
. : ' SOS Montgomery St.
Sailing. Rents Collected.
Leasing. Insurance.
INCOME PROPERTIES.
$127,500- Choice Ihotel property, new , brick ;
building, on 80 ft. lot; first-class down, j
town location: leased tor a term of |
years; pays 7 per cent net.
•Sliioto-Spit-ndid new building; 56 rooms. 20
baths; leased; cash security; rents ;
(1570; fine investment.
"..$23.000 —Corner in select section of Western '
Addition; stores and flats above; lease
dm* tenant. $2HK) yearly; nets over 8
' . per cent; positively a good buy.
' 121.SCO—Exceptionally bright and sunny, well
. ." located new Western Addition flats; 36
ft. corner lot; rents $2460 year; see this.
• $I.7.s(o—Harrison-st. corner, close In; 56 ft. i
. ' frontage: good Improvements and yield- j
ing an income of over $2000 yearly.
$8,001 Fine Western Addition flats; lot 25x1
122:'). renting for $75 50 monthly.
• .•s7.6't -Dujiont-st. business property; a sub- j
stantial Investment; Improvements in
'.flne condition; leased for term of years
at $720 annually.
$6t2oC—An exceptionally good paying invest
ment in fiats; In best part Richmond
District; on 4 carlines and close to
Park: will pay 20 per cent on Invest
ment ; see this sure.
•'fS.COO— New and cozy flats in flne nelghbor
' • hood. Western Addition; nothing nicer
fir the money; 25 ft. lot; all rented at
. ■ $eeo yearly.
' $3,800- .; «mall flats south of Market St.,
now renting for $35 month; should rent
for more; make an offer.
BUILDER'S REMODELING CHANCE.
• '?#,UQ —BE. cor. Sutter and Scott sts.; 10
-room residence; convert Into 4 stores
. and flats above at a cost of $5000, and •
bume will easily rent for $175 month, j
. $50.000 —Corner in wholesale district; one
Mock from Market and California sts.; I
lot 4(ixlo»i: old improvements.
RESIDENCES.
4 ; ;o.000--Reautiful modern 10-room residence, I
Pacific Heights; magnificent marine
Vie—; lot 27:6x137:6.
$15;5C0-.-S|.lendid California-st. residence; 12 ,
rooms; large grounds, very choice.
"ss,ooC—Trimont-ave. dwelling of 10 rooms;
.first-claaa condition; 25 ft. lot; certain- j
• . ly cheap.
•• $s',CCo—Elegantly appointed, new and dainty i
cottaVe of 5 rooms; 60 ft. lot; in flne !
• • neighborhood; Western Addition; a bar.
» 'gain and very nice.
$.^,ooo—The most superbly located residence
Bite In the city; elegant neighborhood
•. . and . extended marine and city view;
.cheapest purchase of its kind In the
City; 3 frontages. 128x137:6 feet.
•' ' . LOTS.
.$25,000— Superbly located residence site; Pe
'ciflc- Heights; choicest In city; 62 ft.
frontage, unsurpassed marine view.
' $I.2so—Flrst-ave. boulevard; near Lake at;
. •' -50 ft. frontage.
$4,2so—Very choice Clay-st. lot, 30x112 ft;
select neighborhood.
. We have a large list of lota in all aectlona
of the city! some special buys in the Rich
mond district.
SPECK A CO.,
209 Montgomery at.
'. BALDWIN & STETSON
317 Montgomery st., near £tne.
.Real Estate Agents. Rent* Collected
Telephone Grant 137.
City Agents German-American and Phoenix of
• Hartford Fire Insurance Companies.
Gef our circular. It contalna Mat* of all
kinds of propertiea for aale and flata etc to
. bet tn all parte of the city.
. ... SOME SPECIAL BARGAINS.
DOWNTOWN HOLDING.
block from Market and Flrat
fine new building; leased low at $2400.
NORTH OF MARKET-ST. INVESTMENT.
. $20,600—Rents $1740; soon to be Increaaed- 3
etory iron and brick, atorea etc i 63
ft. front.
SOUTH OF MARKET ST.
$2,26o—Rent $3.16; near 7th and Bryant- 2
1 flats, stable below. '
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE,
$6,Boo—Residence on Jackson and Broderick
''' S*-q : f^ ba 7 n ' moao " Plumbing;
..* 27:8x112:6; bargain.
■ BALDWIN & STETSON. 317 Montgomery.
.B. GETZ, Room 22, Chronicle bide
OWNER AND DEALER '
of the
Finest Ocean Beach Block put on the market'
Graded and Fenced!!! Grass Bottom"' '
Between 47th and 48th avenues
•Lot* Ready to Build Upon—Perfect Bergalna
Near Electric Car Line!! Very Easy Terms!!
$100 to $360. Ooean Height* Lota. $5 monthly.
$350*t0 $1200. Sunset Height* A Boulevard Lots!
NORTH .OF THE PARK LOTS!'!
•88th aye. Lota—Opp. Spreckela Lake and Park
Level Lot* on Grassy Plateau—Easy Payments'
Only On* Block From Electric Car Line.
RICHMOND DISTRICT—LEVEL LOTS'"
Graded. Sewered, Gas and Water—Eaay Terma!
$160 up—Excelsior Homestead Level Lots'"
Best and Cheapest In the District—s6 monthiy.
$100—Ocean View Level Building Lota—ss mo.
$ICOO to $3000 Cottages and Houses on Terma.
Buy Direct From the Owner"!
For Map and Dlagrama *
Call at my office. Room 22. 2d Floor!
Chronicle building.
•A DECIDED* bargain—Fine 12-room reaidence
on corner lot. 50x125; located in beat aectlon
of Western Addition; can be bought for el
most value of ground. For particulars call
or address J. J. 8.. room 801, 927 Market
■SPECIAL BARGAIN.
$I*2 60—Two flne Western Addition flats
rents $100 per month; $6000 caah, balance
monthly. Box 3432. Call.
FOR SALE.
Finely furnished reaidence*.
Fifth aye. and Hugo st.
Sunset district.
WM. KOENIG. Owner.
• HOUSES and flata built chfrrap; plans free; «asy
l>*jinenU. Builder, rm. 438. 826 Market at
REAL ESTATE—CITY —FC3 SALE.
0. H. IMBSKN A CO.. 20 Montgomery it.
ALL i lON
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of investment residence and unimproved prop
el ties will be held Tuesday, January 10, IHOn,
at our sol sroom. 20 Montgomery st -- at '*
o'clock, noon. I
CHOICE CORNER RESIDENCE.
2:i15 California st., SE. cor. of Middle St..
bet. Webster and Fillmore sts.; a well built
and nicely finished residence of v rooms and :
bath; basement containing 2 rooms; lot 2ok
!>7:O.
CALIFORNIA STREET RESIDENCE.
8126 California at.. Oct. Laguna and Bu
chanan sts.; a two-story residence of __ten
rooms and bath, in Hood "order; lut 24x137:6;
a very choice residence section.
PINE STREET RESIDENCE.
I!>c9 I'ine st.. bet. Octavla and Laguna sts..
desirable two-story residence of 0 rooms and
bath; key Jot, 2i:0.\120.
SACRAMENTO STREET RESIDENCE.
34x1 Sacramento st., bet. Walnut and Laurel
sts.; new residence oi 9 rooms and Oath;
modern in every respect; lot 2S;UxU)o.
A- SACHS ESTATE.
Executrix Sale.
2114-2! 11.. Palter st., east line. bet. Wash
imUuii and Jackson sts.; 2 flats of 8-8 rooms
and bath each; rents $02 50 per mo.; lot 25s
100.
LA< UNA STREET INVESTMENT.
2914-2910 Laguna St.. east line, bet. Union
and Filbert sts.; improvements constat of a 2
stcry uweKing of S rooms and bath, also cot
taye of 4 rooms, and brick stable In rear; large
lot, Bfixl£7:ti irr.
MISSION FLATS.
4030-40*2 Army St., north line, bet. Sanchei
and Nee sts . 2 flats of 4 rooms and bath
each: rents $21; lot 2U:Sxll4. j
PARK BUILDING LOTS.
Oak st.. south line, bet. liaker and Broderick
sts.; 2 choice lots overlooking the park pan
handle, size 20x187:6 each.
CHOICE BUILDING LOT.
Alpine st.. sfett line, )>et. Duboce aye. and
14th St.: choice lot, 25x00.
BARTLETT STREET RESIDENCE.
431 Barflett St.. east line, bet. 25th and
26th sts.; a comfortable residence of 13 rooms
and bath, inlaid floors, etc.; nice_ lawn and
garden; stable in rear; lot 52:8x117:0.
GOLDEN GATE PARK EXTENSION
BOULEVARD.
SW. cor. Point Lobos and 14th av3B.; ten
eholcV building lots fronting the boulevard
drive from Golden Gate Park to Presidio,
making this very choice residence property;
also cottage with barn. w4U. windmill, and
lot 290x120 irr: rent. $2.". per mo.
TERMS —Only one-third cash, balance can
remain at 6 per cent, payable in one or two
years. , ,
For catalogue and further particulars apply
at our office.
G. H. I'MBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery st. j
g. h. l'Ml'.sen & CO., 20 Montgomery »t- j
Real Estate Agants and Auctioneers.
$23,500 —Rents $2340 per annum; 0 new flats;
substantially built and with all the lat
est modern improvements; near the
Park; price reduced in order to make a
quick sale: lot B0xl2?:&; a snap.
$15,500—Rents $1320 per annum: Sutter st.; 3
modern flats: Just completed; 6-7 rooms
and bath each; handsomely appointed;
lot 25x95.
$17,000—Reduced; rents $1560 per annum:
Larkin st.; 3 new modern flats of 7-8
rooms and bath each: lot 34x75.
$15,000— Rents *9in> per annum. which are
low; choice comer en oth St.; improve
ments consist of 3-story building con
taining 2 stores and lodginj-hcuse; lot
20 feet front.
$14,000 —Rents $1380 per annum; Shrader it.; ;
4 nicely constructed flats of 5-6 rooms
and bath each; lot 40x100:3.
$11,250—Rents $1230 per annum; 3 modern
flats, situate in the Western Addition
close to transfer point, 6-6-7 rooms and
bath each.
$B,ooo—Rents $768 per annum; Larkin st.,
close to California: 2 bay-window flats.
5-6 rooms and bath each; lot 25x100; a
good buy.
$7,50C —Rents $600 per annum: Devlsadero st.;
2 modern flats of 6-7 rooms and bath j
each: rents can be readily increased:
tot 25x106.
$6,500 —Near Guerrero and Liberty sts.; an
Ideal home; a well built and nicely de
signed cottage of 7 rooms and bath,
with large garden: a snap; 30x114.
$6150 —Devlsadero St.; a choice residence of
T rooms and bath; In perfect order.
$5,500 —Bartlett St.; a good, convenient home |
of 12 rooms and bath; lot to
an alley; a snap.
$4,500 —Reduced; rents $576 per annum: Clara
at.; 4 desirable flats of 3 rooms each:
in perfect order and steadily rented; 1
lot 25x80; bank mortgage of $2250 can
remain: will pay 144 per cent on
equity of $2500.
$2,750 —Rents $360 per annum; near Bth and .
Bryant sts.; 4 good flats in good renting
location; a snap.
$2,2so—Guerrero st.; choice building lot for
residence or flats: desirable location;
25x125.
$1,500— Fair Oaks; 2 desirable building lots
for residence or flats; surrounded by
choice residences; lot 25x125 each.
For further particulars of the above and
for the Real Estate Record, containing a list
of properties for sale In all parts of the city,
j apply at our office.
G. H. UMBBEN A CO.,
20 Montgomery St..
1 . Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
! MADISON A BURKE,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
Established January, 1858.
< 30 Montgomery st Opposte Lick House.
$40,000 —Corner on Octavla St., near Sutter;
flats renting for over 9 per cent; lot
60x87:6.
: $22,500 —Hayes st., near Gough; best block on
Hayes St.; stores and flats; large lot;
rented low at $120. j
$20,000 —Powell-st. business property; 66-foot
front, running through to rear street:
old Improvements paying $1260 per an
num; fine property to Improve.
——
$5,200 —Montgomery aye., near Chestnut; 3
modern sunny flats with large basement;
2 frontages; rents $504 yearly.
$2,soo—Alabama at.: large lot. 50x80. with B
room house; must be aold.
,
$6,000 —Store and flat, 6 rooms and bath
above: on Oak st.: rent $630 per an
num; this is worth looking into.
$8,000 —Folsom St., near Second; north side of
street; large lot and house of 13 rooms.
—
CHOICE INCOME PROPERTY.
$s,ooo—Two fine lots; Beulah St., near Stan
yan; 60x137:8. ,
$2,460 —Lot 25x125 on flne street, near Du
boce Park and Stelner st.; flne lot for
flats; all new Improvements on the block.
$5,000 —Fine home, 9 rooms and bath, on Sec
ond aye., near the Park.
Lots 27:8x137:6, on Sutter st., between Steiner
and Pierce.
Butldins lots, NEJ. corner Golden Gate aye.
and Baker St.; in sizes to suit; prices
from $2000 upward.
MADISON A BURKE.
80 Montgomery St., opp. Lick House.
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
$12,000—51:6x80 to rear street: corner Union
and Mason sts.: Improvements, store and
flats, renting for $89 50.
$6,000—137:6x187:6; corner Broderick and
Beach sts.; rapidly growing locality.
$6,600 —68x115; Capp. near 25th; small flats
erected upon thla property would pay
large rate of Intereat.
1 $5,000 —Larkin st., near Greenwich; lmprove
) merits consist of house of five rooms
and bath; renting for $25.
$7,000 —Broadway, near Van Ncsa aye.; Im
provements consist of two flats of 6 and
ft rooms.
$32,600— A NW. corner, east of Fillmore at., 80
xTOO; Improvements consist of 7 modern
flats, renting for $231 per month.
$7,600—25x107:8; Sacramento st.. near Spruce;
2 modern flats of 5 and 8 rooms and
bath, renting for $60.
$11,000—25x80; 4th St., near Folsom: Improve
ments consist of a 2-story house, with
store and flat above; there has been no
vacancy In the last 4 years. '
$8,250—25x125-. Clayton St., near Frederick;
well built, modern residence. 10 rooms
and bath.
$6500—2 NEW fiats on Dorland, near Dolores;
rents $62 60 per month.
$6500—3 new flats on West aye.. near Mission;
rents $58 per month; mortgage $3000.
$5750—2 ne"w flats on Folsom and Army sta.
! $4500 —2 new flats on Ryan aye., near Army st.
i $4600—2 new flats on Prospect aye. and Cort
b land.
$4500—2 new flats on Vermont st., bet. Twen
ty-first and Twenty-second.
D. COFFIN. 2628 Mlaaton at., near 21st.
A GOOD WAY TO START THE NEW YEAR.
Buy a lot In the city of Richmond, just
across the bay from San Francisco, where the
Standard Oil Company. Santa Fe Railroad and
other big corporations are spending millions of
i dollars.
ONLY $5 PER MONTH.
1 ; Send for maps free.
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY,
Crocker Building, San Francisco.
$10,500 INCLUDING bltumtnlclng of st.; terms
to suit; 8 swell flats not yet completed; rents
$1080 per annum; every known possible lat
est improvement; 16 minutes from City Hall;
7th-ave. boulevard, nr. Fulton st.; close to
the Park; 6 car lines, one runs all night.
Call from 11 to 4. Seventh aye., near Fulton.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1. 1905
>TEAr, tS-"ATE-CITY-rO» SALE
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 Post St.
city agents for Firemen's Fund Insurance
Company: publishers of the Buyer and Seller, a
real estate monthly pamphlet, containing ar
ticles of interest pertaining to real estate and *
a fine list of properties tor sale; free; send
for one.
$20,000-Rent $2040 per annum: 6 new, sunny
flats, modern improvements; centrally
located, Julian aye.. near 14th st., car 1
transfer corner; within ten minutes'
walk of City Hall, new poatofflce and
manufacturing district. j
$7,600— Shrader st., near the nark; elegant j
new house of 8 rooms and bath, electric '
lights, furnace, gas grates, etc.; mort- •
gage of $4500 can remain; lot 25x120;
terms If desired.
ZZZ I
$s,Boo—Walnut at.; 3 new flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath, renting for $58 per
month; 27:0 feet frontage; convenient
to the car lines.
zzzm i
$10.500—Hyde St., near transfer point at Call- '
forma; substantial three-story building:
store en ground floor, renting for $30,
and two flats above of 5 and 0 rooms :
and bath each renting low at $20 and > 1
$29 80 per month; total rents, $72 50; j
inside business property at this low
figure Is seldom offered; this is your \ _
opportunity.
= w
$6,ooo—Monthly returns in rent are $66; this j '
is a first-class buy for Income; four flats ! I
in the Mission warm belt; half block <
from 24th-st. care; fine condition; al
ways rented; large let, 50x100.
$15,500 —Centrally located downtown Income .
property; short distance from Pine and ; !
Kearny sts.; frame and brick buildings
renting for $130 per month; mortgage of
$7000 with bank can remain at 6 per
cent; lot 36x137:6.
$4,000—1 at., near 17th aye.; artistic home of 1
6 rooms and bath; modern In every de- 1
tail: lot 25x100; comfortable home; easy
terms.
$6,000 —Avery st., near Oeary and Fillmore;
three flats of 3, 5 and ft rooms and
bath each; rents $59 50.
$5,750— Bush St., near the electric line; two
fine flats of 5 rooms and bath each;
renting for $50 per month; In good con
dition; Investigate this.
$30.000 —rage-st. business corner; 2 frame
buildings, consisting of grocery store
and 4 flats of 7 and 8 rooms and bath,
renting for $200 per month; large lot,
37:6x100:3.
$12,000--Washington-st. business corner, near
Kearny; brick building, leased to one
tenant for $120 per month.
$0,500 —Steiner st., near Alamo Square; fine
2-story house of 10 rooms, bath, fur
nace, hardwood floors, etc.; leased at
present for $65 per month; comfortable
home in a desirable location.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS PROPERTY.
Ready for building; only a few of these choice
marine-view lots left; In block bounded
by Vallejo, Green, Broderick and Baker
sts.; property on official grade; streets
and crossings sewered', low prices on
terms to suit.
PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
Finest subdivision of home building lots of
fered to the public In years; Parnassus
Heights fronts Golden Gate Park on H
st. and extends from Ist to 7th aye (the
boulevard) and back to tne Affiliated
Colleges; office corner H st. and 7th
aye; open every day, Including Sun
days: attendant with rig to show you
around.
BALDWIN A HOWELL, 25 Poet st.
' THORNE A KILPATRICK.
312 Bush St., Near Montgomery.
CHEAPEST FINE LOTS IN THE CITT.
f UNION 6T.
Z7b 276 27t>'276'2?fc 27fe £
Sold j
• I I Sold g* !
-a
, CM
7 * !
TJ 2S -*i
P?6127b127b127.fc>127-<>l2*bJ ioi-7»» 5i
GREEN ST
West side of Van Ness aye.. bet. Green and
Union sts.; only $200 per foot: the Van Ness
aye. lots are 27:6x101:7 4-6. but we can ar
range to sell any sixe desired.
South side of Union St., weet of Van Ness
aye.; lots 27:6x137:6; price $3350; will make
sizes to suit at same rate.
North side of Green St., west of Van Ness
I aye.; only 2 lots left on Green et.; sizes 27:6 x
137:6; price $3500 each.
j All of these lots are level and on grade;
streets bltumlnlsed and accepted by the city;
surrounded by elegant modern Improvements;
certain to Increase In value rapidly; quality
considered, they are the cheapest lota In the
city to-day: a good buy for home. Investment
]or speculation: title perfect.
THORNE & KILPATRICK,
J 312 Bush st
HAWKS A BKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$B,soo—North line Vallejo, nr-aF Polk; good
house of 10 rooms and bath: cost $12,000
to build; may be altered to flats profit
ably; very fine view of bay; lot 45x170.
: $13,000 —West line of Btelner. near Vallejo;
handsome modern house of 10 rooms,
furnace, btlllard-room. solar heater; all
conveniences for comfortable housekeep
ing; lot 27:6x110.
$0,500 —Octavla, near Broadway; good house
of 7 rooms; nice view of bay from front,
bare lot Is worth the price; 25x137.
$30.000— Fifty vara, NE. corner Larkin and
Lombard sts.; grand marine view; street
work all done.
HAWKS A SKBLTON. 823 Montgomery et
KANE A JAUNET,
I 630 Market Street. Odd. Palace Hotel.
$5150—0n a bltumlnlzed street, near Market
and Sixteenth; 3 flats of 5 and ft room*
and porcelain baths and flush toilets.
' $4600— Near Howard and Eighth ets.; 8 nice
flats of 3. 3, 5 rooms; rent low at $504.
$4100— Rents $640 a year. On a main street,
near Folsom and Twelfth; no repairs;
iron plumbing; lately painted.
$.1600—Rent $37 60 a month. One tenant who
i makes all .repairs; store and rooms;
splendid building.
$3600— Store, flat and barn near Twenty-ninth
end Dolores ate.; rente $34 a month.
KANE A JAUNET.
YOU should resolve for the New Tear to rid
yourself of the landlord and we can help you
to do so. Why should you continue paying
rent all your life time, when that same rent
money will pay. for a home? We ask you to
call and talk this matter over; If you tell us
the locality you want we can furnish you
I the lot. as we have a great variety in dif-
I ferent sections; will also be pleased to show
! you the class of houses we are building: you
deal with the owners direct. WEISSBEIN
BROS. A CO.. owners, 818 Sacramento st.
$10,000 —THREE new modern 6-room Hate;
I rent $1200 per annum; 288-70-72 Frederick,
bet Ashbury and Clayton.
I $9600—Three new modern 6-room flats; rent
' $1200 per annum; 217«-78-80 Fulton, bet. Cole
i and Shrader.
$2500—New 6-room cottage: London st., near
I Brazil. Apply J. H. KRUSB, Twenty-third
: and Shotwell sts.
; MARKET-ST. CORNER
| FOR SALE
NE- Castro. 93x118 feet, for $18,600; one
third cash if desired: prettiest, sunniest cor
ner obtainable; splendid for stores and fiats
or apartments. JULIEN SMITH. Real Es
tate Agent. 420 Montgomery st.
OCEANSIDE cottage; a bargain; neat 4-room
cottage on 48th aye.; lot 25x114; $1700; $100
< cash, balance like rent. Price reduced fur
i quick sale. W. N. RUSSELL. 301 California
St.. San Francisco. Cal.
$7000—HALF cash; new, sunny flats; frescoed,
tinted; 5 and 6 rooms; baths; attic. 2085
-2087 Golden Gate aye., near Central.
EEA I. ESTATE-—CITY—gQE. SALE
FOR SALE
FOR SALE
FOR SALE
SAGE, DEALEY A CO.
638 MARKET ST.
' OPP. PALACE HOTEL
REAL ESTATE AGENTS !
AND AUCTIONEERS j
HOUSES RENTED—RENTS COLLECTED. I
INSURANCE.
POST ST., 5 minutes' walk from
Kearny; extremely large lot, 64x137:0 i
ft.. 8800 aquare ft.; the largest apart — $4-.._>00 ,
ment house site to be had east of Van
Ness aye.- improved now with three
etory building, paying $150 per mo.
THIRD ST.— Positively the only cor- j
ncr on Third st. for sale at anywhere
EM, 800 uear thts figure an exceptional buy j
with a grand future; old Improve
ments renting for $95 per month.
STEUART ST., near Market.; 46x .... |
137:»; ft., unimproved; market value—s3o,ooo
to-day $1000 per front foot; tenant in !
waiting to lease building. If erected.
VAN NESS AYE.—A comer In close
proximity to Market st.; 35 ft. front
s3o,ooo—age; improved with magnificent resi
dence; this property will double in
value In the next year or so.
TURK ST. north line, near Van Ness
aye.; 55 ft. frontage, running through
to rear street; nominal Improvements j
renting for $85 per mo. Our advice 15—527,600
to buy this, be satisfied with the rate
of Interest for a year or so and double
your money by re-selling.
THIRD ST., near Folsom; a 3-story ,
building, renting for $82 per mo; same
improvements next door renting for ;
$17.000-$lO5 per month; no other piece for fale
In this block for less than $20,000;
sold to close an estate; offers respect
fully solicited.
FOLSOM ST.. near Third; north side
of street; lot 60 ft. frontage; im- A
possible to secure 60 ft. frontage—sl4,ooo
on Folsom st. We have a tenant
for a 4-story building for thla alte.
FELL ST.. directly oppoaite the new
proposed library alte; 27 ft. frontage,
running through to rear street; key
lot from Van Ness aye.; expert ap
sl2,soo—pralsement of property in same block
Is $500 per front foot. This Is a de
cided snap and considerable profit can
be made immediately; nominal Im
provements paying more than bank
Interest.
PARK PANHANDLE residence, 8
rooms and bath; arrangement of plans
equal to the fineat Pacific Heighta
tesldence. Built for and occupied by—sll,26o
the owner. Beautiful carpets through
out the house can be had at a
sacrifice.
MISSION corner. 39 ft. frontage, con
sisting of two stores occupied as
first-class grocery and saloon doing
an excellent business; stores well ;
$9.ooo—stocked. Receipts will show a hand
aome profit. The property, business
and stock must be sold aa an entirety
on account of sickness.
CHENERY ST.—A sunny corner, situ
ated In the Mission district; lot 125 x
113 ft.; a large portion of which Is
unimproved; 4 flats containing 5 rooms—sB,76o
and bath each. One beautiful cottage
of 7 rooms; hard finished throughout,
lot and Improvements cost $14,000.
OCT AVI A ST.. near Buah—3o ft.
frontage; Improved with a very fine
residence of 9 rooms and bath, rented
$B,ooo— for $50 per month. Could easily be
changed into flats so as to pay hand
somely.
STANYAN ST.—Situated on the west
line near the Affiliated Colleges. A
2-story residence of 7 rooms; thor
oughly modern throughout; hardwood —$7,0T0
floors; an Ideal home; beautiful pano
ramic view; lot 66 ft. frontage.
JACKSON ST.. cor.; recently reduced
from $7500; an unsurpassed comer,
close to the Presidio wall: unobstruct
s6,2so—ed view of the entire Golden Gate;
Improved with 2 sunny flats of 6
rooms and bath each; permanently
rented; mortgage 0 f $3000 can remain.
Lot alone worth this money.
NINETEENTH AYE., near the H
street car line. Sunset District: 2 very
pretty modem flats of 5-6 rooms and—s6,ooo
porcelain baths; nickel-plated plumb
ing.
TWENTY-SEVENTH AYE. —An un
usual opportunity for speculation; 260
xl2o ft. TJia property Is now being
$5,500— graded. We will divide thla property
in two parcels If so desired. Keep
your eye on this district. Watch
values increase.
NINETEENTH AYE., near the H
street car line; new residence of 8
rooms and porcelain bath. The prop—s4,ooo
erty can be mortgaged for almost the
price asked.
WALLER ST.—Sacrifice. sacrifice,
sacrifice, building lot east of Belve
s2,Bso—dere street; beautifully situated. A
quick tale must be made; terms H
caah. Balance in three equal pay
ments paid annually.
We have selected the above Hat of proper
ties with great care, endeavoring to adver
tise nothing but those we considered glltedge
propositions. Whichever one you may be for
tunate enough to purchase, good luck and pros
perity will follow you throughout the new
; year.
SAGE, DEALEY A CO.,
638 Market at., opp. Palace Hotel.
OSCAR HEYMAN A BRO 14 POST ST.
Lota on and near the Ocean Boulevard.
Lota near Baker'a Beach,
Lota in the Excelsior Homestead.
Lota in Parnassus Heighta.
Lets fronting 6preckels Lake and G. G. Park.
Lota in the Heyman Tract
Lota in Ocean View.
Lota on San Bruno road and Silver aye.
Lota on the line of the bay shore cutoff.
Lota in South San Francisco.
Cottages on Vermont and Twenty-fifth ate
Cottages—Extenalon of Folaom car line.
Any of these properties can be bought on
easy terms and at very low prices.
BrXTH-BT. INVESTMENT.
50x85 ft. on Sixth St., with 25x75 ft. on
Harriet st.; rent $142 per month; all in first
class condition.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
$5750 —8 rooms and bath; convenient to car
lines; east and west exposures; positively a
bargain. _____
RICHMOND FLATS.
$4g50 2 newly built flats. 4-5 rooms; rents I
$44 a month- convenient to 3 car llnea; bank
will lend $2600.
p-RANCISCO ST.
80x70 ft; fine lot; suitable for flata; a bar
gain.
OSCAR HEYMAN A BRO., 14 Port at
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Do you realise that the growing city of San
Francteco has only a small area of
Ocean Beach?
Astounding prlcea will ba obtained for lota
fronting tha ocean in near future.
We offer the only graded lots fronting right
on boulevard, ocean and park.
$460 to $1000—Unobstructed ocean and perk
view Lota on eaay terms. None like
them in this city. Selling rapidly at
our low prices and terms. Don't
miss thla opportunity; see
them to-dey.
$100 to $350—Near park and ocean; $3 monthly.
—»
Get off car at our Ooeanslde branch office on
corner H at and 47th aye. open dally
and Sunday.
8300 to $1100—Choicest Sunset and Richmond
lots. On taat-lmenta.
$100 to 8400— Level Excelsior Homestead lots.
Near care. $6 monthly.
$1260 to $8000— Modern eottagee in Sunset
Richmond, Oceanslde and Mlaelon;
eaay terms.
SOL GETZ A SON, Owners and Dealers,
Room 54, fourth floor. Chronicle bids.
McKAY A CO.. Real Estate, 2966 Mission at
JBOO —4-room cottage; lot 25x125.
900—2 lots, 50x70, of 2 fronts; 8-r. house.
$1850—2 flats; rents $24 par month.
$2400—5 r. and bath; lot 28x106.
Lota from $100 up.
BARGAIN—Haeiae of 7 large aunny rooms;
grand marine view; $4500. Box 8483, Cell.
A FEW choice building lota, $50, $75, 9100
op; eaay terms. 6 Eddy at., room ILL
SEAL ESTATE—CITY—TOB BALE
LYON & HOAG, 110 Montgomery a •
Send for out printed list of property for sala
lU all sections of the city.
FLATS NEAR MARKET. !
fcifSOO— Rents $396; price reduced to e(le "
quick sale; 2 good flats, 4 and 5 rooms ana ,
bath; large lot, assuring abundance of sun |
and light; street bitumlnlzed; within a bioca
of Market and Sanchez sts. m _ •
BARGAINS IN VACANT PROPERTY. .
$2750—Baker st.; flne building lot on this |
extra wide boulevard. . A
$6500—Make offer; beautiful corner. 1 biOCK
from Golden Gate Park; contains over <»w {
square feet; 4 car lines near property; excel
lent for business and small flats. 1
EXCELLENT BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$5660—Rents $534: In one of the best busi- ■
ness blocks in the Mission; store and 4 rooms ,
and bath: flat above, 6 rooms and bath; stab.».
etc; near transfer corner; lot nearly 40 toot
frrntage; see this at once; It Is good.
MISSION ST. _
$9000—Mission St.. not far from Twenty
second; lot almoBt 60 foot frontage; old im
provements pay bank interest. This is good
profcpectlve value; fine business property.
SOUTH-OF-MARKET INVESTMENT.
$4200—Rents $402; near Mission and Fifth
sU. : 2 flats. 3 and 4 rooms; rear cottage, A
rooms; stable; this is good; get busy.
MARINE VIEW FLATS.
$13,500—Rents $1260 ; 3 brand-new flats. 7-7-8
roms and bath; beautifully finished, grand
marine view; sunny aide of street; Green at.
EXCELLENT FLATS NEAR PARK.
$6000—Price reduced to effect quick sale:
Tents $630; 2 new flats, 6 and 8 rooms and
bt-th; everything first class: street bitumlnlzed,
2 car lines; one block from Golden Gate Park.
A COZY MISSION HOME.
$33C0—On a prominent street In the Mission;
2-story home, 6 rooms and bath; built Juat two
years; very prettily arranged; large 8-foot
basement.
LYON A HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION.
ATTENTION.
ONLY A FEW LOTS LEFT—BE QUICK.
Look at the splendid lots we are selling on
sunny side of Waller st., bet. Ashbury and ;
Clayton: any frontage you may desire; price
$110 per front foot; $2750 for 25x137:6. Where
In the Panhandle can you buy lots so prettily
situated at these figures.
LYON A HOAG, 116 Montgomery at,
DO YOU WANT
A FINE LOT
FOR $850: __
$100 CASH. $10 MONTHLY T
If so. look at those In the block bounded by
J and X sts.. 10th and 11th ayes.; price $850
to $960; only 2 blocks from Golden Gate Park
and electric cars; on a slight elevation, com
manding magnificent views of Park, ocean and
the Golden Gate; lots at this price well lo
cated and with unsurpassed views are cheap
at above prices; the terms are co eaay it will
be your own fault If you do not secure one or
more; an Investment here Is safe and will
prove most profitable.
LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery at.
GRAND RESIDENCE LOTS
AT LOW PRICES
CLOSE TO TOWN.
Prices from $1600 to $2250 for 26-foot lots.
You can buy a lot the size you want; if 25 feet
Is 'not enough take 27:6 or 30 feet; or more If
you like at the same rate per front foot—quite
a i advantage. Isn't it? Fine views, bitumlnlzed
streets water, gas, etc.; easy terms If desired;
the block Is bounded by Devlsadero. Duboce
aye., Castro and 14th sts.; take Halght-st.
cars, get off at either Scott or Devlsadero and
walk two blocks; see it at once; over one-half
of the lots already sold.
LYON A HOAG, 116 Montgomery at.
EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
LOWEST PRICES IN THE CITY.
If you want a good large lot at a moderate
pi ice look at those we are offering in the Jor
dan tract (near California st. and First aye.).
PRICES $1650, $1700. $1800, $1850.
No lots less than 30 feet front; nearly all
lots 33:4x120.
Streets 80 feet wide, graded, sewered and
macademized; water and gas on the tract.
Terms—One-fifth caah, balance in 1, 2, 3 and
4 years.
Building restrictions prohibiting the erection
of any building for other than residence pur
poses, including not more than 2 flats to a lot.
are enforced; no stores, etc.; these restrictions
and the large lots, together with the low prices,
rocke It safe for you to buy and build.
Lota adjoining this property are selling for
much more money. Where can you buy for
$55 a front foot land as desirable or as apt to
improve aa this? Excellent car facilltlea—
Fddy, Sacramento, Sutter and Geary st. lines.
Send for diagram with prices.
LYON A HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
BOARDMAN BROS. A CO.,
Real Estate Agents,
188 Montgomery at
$40,000 —No better investment in the market
than this; Western Addition flats; 4
and 6 rooms; modern and very pretty;
no such thing as a vacancy; paya $4500
a year; with a mortgage of $20,000 it
will pay 15 per cent on your equity.
$30,000 —A Slxth-st. corner; transfer point;
large lot and aplendid Improvements;
stores and flats; pays a little over 6
i per cent, values op Sixth st. growing
rapidly.
$22,500— Hayes-st. investment; stores and
flats; two frontages; under lease at
$1740; lease expiree shortly, when
rental can be Increased to $1980; build
ing cost $16,500, and Is In perfect shape.
$17,500—Harrison st.; a northerly corner; large
lot, with fair improvementa; stores and
flats; $1800 a year; good property to
hold.
$13.000— Washington St., north line; in choice
part of Western Addition: 3 handsome,
modem flats; see these before buying;
pay $1500 yearly.
$12 500— Height St.: north line; three beautiful
modern flats; all occupied: $1380 a
year; no danger of vacanctea in these
flats.
$12,000— Panhandle district; 8 flats nearlng
completion; all flnlahed In flne chape;
will rent for $1170 per annum.
$4,500— Harrlet-st. investment; east aide, and
therefore adjoining rear of Slxth-st.
property; large lot which will be very
valuable as a part of a Slxth-st In
vestment some day; flats paying $49 a
month: over 12 per cent.
OPPORTUNITY FOR BUILDER.
$15,000—Greenwich st.: comer; large Inside
frontage; will accept small payment
down, balance at easy Interest, and
will advance money to Improve; big
money to be made on thla.
RESIDENCES.
$13 000 —Vallejo st.. modem house of 8 rooms
and 2 baths; very pretty and only 2
years old. .
$4,2oo—Near 14th and Castro: modern 2-story,
7 rooms: best plumbing.
$3.ooo—McAllister st., near G. G. Pai".". very
pretty; modem cottage.
$1,850— Twenty-fifth st.: 60-ft. lot and a ot
taee: the lot alone worth more than
the price.
LOTS.
$4,000 to *12,0n0—Finest lota In Prealdlc
Heights—views cannot be cut off.
$2 150—Block and a half from Market at.;
lot 25x115. .
BOARDMAN BROS. A CO.,
138 Montgomery st.
$3000—6-ROOM ED house and arable In rear;
Harrison st.: must sell.
McEWEN BROTHERS, 118 Montgomery at.
$5000—STORE and 7 living rooms; Guerrero
at., near 22d: make offer.
McEWEN BROTHERS, 118 Montgomery at.
St.. near Valencia; make offer;
everything in first-class order.
McEWEN BROTHERS. 118 Montgomery St.
store, flats and cottages; lot
75x100; rented for $140; great bargain in the
Mission. ... .
McEWEN BROTHERS. 118 Montgomery at
$4900 —TWO new up-to-date flata near car
house; Mission: well rented; mortgage can
remain; 4 and 5 rooms.
McEWEN BROTHERS. 118 Montgomery at.
$0750 —WALLER at. flats, near Fillmore; well
rented; mortgage can remain.
McEWEN BROTHERS. 118 Montgomery at.
POINT RICHMOND LOTS.
Now Is the Time to Invest.
Santa Fe Tract.
Lots Level. $5 Monthly.
McEWEN BROTHERS. 118 Montgomery st.
LcTts'lTiTpEß MONTH.
LOTS $10 PER MONTH.
LOTS $10 PER MONTH.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES. ,
-PRICE $850 AND UP.
TAKE GUERRERO AND 14TH ST. CARS.
GET OFF AT CORNER CASTRO AND
CHENERY STS.
SEE THESE LOTS TO-DAY: 68 HOTSf.ES
BUILT AND IN COURSE OF CONSTRUC
TION ON THIS TRACT. WATER MAINS
LAID STREETS GRADED. SEWERED AND
MACADAMIZED. ALL READY TO BUILD
Or" ONLY A FEW STEPS FROM THE
CARS CONVENIENT TO STORES.
SCHOOLS AND CHURCHES.
REPRESENTATIVE ON GROUNDS EV
ERY DAY AND SUNDAY.
RIVERS BROS., 205 MONTGOMERY ST.
" WE WANT
WE WANT
WE WANT
REALTY SYNDICATE 6 PER CENT CER
TIFICATES.
WALTER E. LOGAN A CO..
1008 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
ONLY A FEW LEFT,
$1 28 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level aa a billiard table; on grade;
close to fine school and Mleaion-at electric
cars- bound to double In value.
$400 each on installments of $10 per month;
no taxes: flne lots, near Ocean boulevard:
beat residence location south of Golden Gate
Park; these are the cheapeat lots In thla dis
trict; advancing In price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery at., r. 8. Phone Main 6704.
81800—COTTAGE, 4 rooms; on 28th st.
I MISSION REALTY CO., 8297 Mlaelon at.
HEAL, I
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO..
218 and 220 Montgomery at,
MUls Building.
1 $15,000—8 th st., next to corner of Mission;
40 ft front with frame improvements.
• $12.00C —Central aye., near McAllister; store
and 8 fiats (new building); rents $115 a
month; 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x106:3
1 feet.
i $8.25C —Pays $85 per month: new bulldinc:
store and two flats above; store leased
for five yeara; 1 block newrth of Market
■»t.; handsome gaa and electric fixtures;
dining-rooms paneled In weathered oak, (
lot 25x115 feet.
I $30,000 —Sacramento at., near Devlsadero; Aye
new flats, leased for $260 per month;
lot 65x127:814 feet; must be sold.
835.000—MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
First floor; large living room, 34x17 feet; fin
ished in oak. with beamed celling: re
ception room, dining-room, kitchen,
etc.; hardwood floors throughout.
Second floor: Contains 4 bedrooms
and bath. . . .. •
Attic: Contalna 3 rooms and bath;
lot 66x127:9%; view can never be taken
away.
•
$6,500- Larkin comer, near Lombard: grand ;
marine view of Golden Gate and bay;
lot 25x106 feet.
$13.500—Fillmore at. business property; afore
and 2 Hats; rents $90; rented very low;
close to transfer point; lot 25x90:6 feet
to alley.
$17,600—Valencia St.. near 22d; best block on
Valencia at.; 64 feet front with two
atorea and one dwelling; rents $80; thla
la gtlt-edge.
MARINE VIEW.
EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
Overlooking the Golden Gate: 27th eve.,
north of Lake at; theae lota especially
adapted for homes, being 87:6 feet wide
by a depth of 120 feet; price $1300 each;
or terma; atreet work and aewar com
pleted. Agent on land Sundaya to ahow
lota.
$12,000—Paya $125 a month; amall street
south of Market, near Sixth; rents can
be ralaed; lot 60x117:6; fine ln
veatmant.
$15,000— Ellis at., near Polk; aubatantlal Im
provements ; lot 27:6x120 feet to rear
street; flne investment.
$7.ooo—Shrader at, near Carl; flata, 6-7
rooma and bath; Juat finished; every
modern convenience; rents $80 per
month; both flata leased: lot 26x100 ft;
an exceptional bargain.
$5,700 —Shrader at, near Carl; Panhandle;
residence Juat finished; every modem
Improvement: 7 rooma and bath; lot
26x100 feet; very artistic.
POPE TRACT.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE LOTS.
CREAM OF THE PANHANDLE PROPERTY.
SITUATE ON COLE, SHRADER. GRAT
TON AND ALMA STREETS.
FIRST SUBDIVISION.
Streets and lota graded, macadamised and
aewered; every lot ready to build on. For
further particulars, prices, etc.. Inquire at our
office. Special lnducementa offered to bulldera.
Get c copy of our printed Hat of propertlea
for aale.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE A CO..
218 and 220 Montgomery at. Mllla bldg.
GOOD work our motto; pricea moderate. AHL
BACH A MAYER, plumbera. 836 Howard at
BEAL ESTATE—OOPETBY— Tor Sale.
BURR A YOUNG CO..
Telephone, John 1836. 40 Montgomery St.
LOOK THESE OVER AND IF YOU DO
NOT SEE WHAT YOU WANT. DROP US A
LINE AND WE WILL BE GLAD TO
SERVE YOU.
$1800—20 acrea aldehlll land; 1 mile from
Callstoga; 4 acres fruit; 6-room houae, barn.
$1700—20 acrea fruit and chicken ranch, 4
miles from Callstoga on Santa Rosa road; 4
room house, bam, water, ate.
$2500—12 acrea, near St. Helena; 7 acres re
sistant vines; house, bam; water piped.
$750 —10 acres of slightly rolling land, V. mile
from Aromas In San Benito Co.; no improve
ments; a good buy for chicken ranch.
87000—94 % acres land in Monterey Co., 6
miles from Watsonvllle and 2 miles from Aro
mas. Mall by R. F. D.; 82 acres level. 12
acres rolling; 50 acres In 8-year-old apricots:
20 acres In 8-year old apple trees; well and
spring water; good house, bam ' and out
buildings.
$4250 —90 acres of land in Monterey Co., 6
miles from Wataonvllle; 6-room house, good
bam and outbuildings.
$950 —7 acres, l'_ miles from Cblco; 2-room
houae and barn.
$3500 —463 acrea in Mendocino Co., 10 miles
from Wllllts; grain land; 2 streams on place,
one of the best salmon streams in the State.
$5 per acre; 360 acrea timber In Lake Co.
$2700 —8 acres, 4*. mllea from Petaluma;
I house, 6 rooma and furniture, bam. 8 brooder
: houses: 6 broodera, 4 poultry houaea; 6 acrea
Vineyard; aold laat year's crop for $250 on
vines. About 1200 chickens, wagon, harness,
plow, cow, etc.
$1800 —12** acrea of land, 4 miles from Wat
sonville; fair houae and bam, amall family
orchard, 2 good springs, 9 acrea level land;
make a splendid chicken ranch.
$45 per acre—42 acrea rich rolling land, %
mi'.e from Aromae and 6 mllea from Watson
ville. In Monterey Co.; lagoon on place; this
land will grow fruit; la rich aoll.
i $ir>oo —4 acrea, Vi mile from Cloverdale; cot
! tage, 6 rooma and basement; good barn and
poultry houses; several springs of water; good
| bearing vbieyard; amall orchard.
$1000 —13 acrea good cultivated land; partly
!in alfalfa; hae water running through It and
can be Irrigated. Mineral spring on place; s
room house and 2 barna; 6 mllea from Uklah
and 2 miles from R. R- station, one mile from
school. Adjoin common range of 1800 aorea on
which stock can run.
• 1500—18 acrea near Hopland; 12 acrea in
cultivation; balance can be cultivated If
cleared; 8 acres in alfalfa, firat crop thla year
yielded 8 tona per acre; good spring and barn;
n acrea juat outside city limits of
L'klah- best valley land; 5-room houae, barn
and outhouses; 200 fruit treea. moatly pears,
which yield 10 to 16 tone and contracted for
in advance at $20 per ton. Horaepower
pumping plant; lnexhauetlble well, which will
Irrigate the whde place.
$50 ncr acre—l2o acres of hill and valley
' land 4 mllea from Martlnea on country road;
: all good tillable land; fair houae of 4 rooms,
large barn, granary, well, windmill, tank, cis
' ; tern, lamily orchard nicely located
Do you wish to buy city or country real
estate or a business in California 7 If ao drop
lus a line, deacriblng what you want and where
! you want it and we will send you a list of
our best bargains.
' Have you city or oountry real estate to sell
; or exchange and want to find out the beat
i way to do ao? By dropping ua a line, we will
i tell you our plan. Now la tha time to Hat
I your properties and the beat place to Hat them
is with a company which makea a apecialty of
country real estate and carry no side lines
I n k * insurance, loana. etc. We co-operate with
th * Eh" and are aatiafled with c legitimate
i ! commission. ...
' i if you wish to buy consult ua.
1 I If you wish to aell consult ua.
I Bualnesa Intrusted in our care will receive
• prompt and careful attention.
'I * BURR A YOUNG CO.,
!*0 Montgomery at.. Ban Francisco.
" ATTENTION HOMEBEEKERS!
a beautiful Swiss chalet and outhouaea, all
. ' no to date and six acrea of prime land planted
; trfanolei situate on Lake Pinto: climate and
scenery unsurpassed; 2M, mllee north of Wat
! sonvllie, Santa Cruz County: grammar aehool
xeith n a few hundred yards: 50-acre apple
orc"ard adjolna above; will be sold aeparately
ior as a whole; ownei absent from State;
; '. wlreB U * "'gaFFEY A MAHON.
11 Montgomery at, San Francisco.
! A flrst-elasa dairy near Holllater; 278 acrea;
! ts in alfalfa; 80 head cattle; 20 horses; up-to
) date utenalle; an Irrigating plant; will sell
> "heap for cash, or exchange for San Francls
: co or Oakland property.
A beautiful home In Santa Cruz Mountains.
' 160 acrea 90 under cultivation; good dwelling
. and bam: situate in the mldat of respectable
neople; this would •be a desirable location
for a summer resort. Will aell cheap for caah
. or exchange for San Francisco or Oakland
1 real eatate.
I To those who are looking for en honest in-
I vestment where they expect to get full value
: for their money, ace ua before purchasing
elsewhere. Apply .
! * ~c* " GAFFEY A MAHON.
. i 11 Montgomery at.. San Francisco,
t - ■
- $5000—80 ACRES of land, all under cultiva
tion, with Improvementa. In orchard section
of Sutter County; only three mllea from
county seat and on line of new irrigation
ditch. _____
: A snap if taken soon, but will not keep.
3 ——«—
M. J. NEWKOM.
; ; 406 Second at., Maryavllle. Cal.
; =
DESIRABLE ranch of 300 acrea; good dairy
ran"h; 2 houses and 2 large barns; 15 acrea
good alfalfa land tn bottom: 100 acres under
L cultivation; 50 acrea wood land and 160 acrea
paature, price $5500 caah. or $6000 on time.
Addreaa L. F. Git OVER, Boulder Creek, Cel.
»BAj;JEST-TE—COUNTBY—Tor Hale.
WHITE & UAYLEY.
Successors to
\\ . J. WHITE.
CHICKEN HA.nVHE.S EVERYWHERE.
INSURANCE.
:"500—20 ai res <.i *umi> vale. Sunta Clara
Coi-nty. 0 miles of San Jose; all in full bear
ing prunes, peaches, almonda and cherries;
rich bieck loam; modern house, 7 rooms and
bath; hot and cold water; brick cellar, cement
floor; windmill; 3-story tankhouae; 2 Una
barns; complete drying pluiit. larming imple
ments; halt cash; cupt-rb .entleuian a home
with larxe income.
$175 per acr« —In 10-acre lota; on main county
road. 2 miles ot Hay wards; rural delivery;
close to school.
|_Ma>—l4 acrea; 1 mire of Hay wards; 7
acres rich valley loam; small house and barn:
timed 3 fields; Do corda ot wood; hay; halt
caah.
;3000— On main county road; 1 mile of ata
tion: Contra Costa County; hljl farm: about
hair under cultivation; 4 acrea full bearing
orchard; fenced and croea fenced; 3 flelda; 2
large reaervolra. aupply house and outbuildings,
with choice water; 6-room cottage, bath, hot
and cold water; barn with basement; 8 poultry
yarda. wire netting and houses; ahop. milk
house: 2 incubators, 3 brooders; place will
carry 20 cattle. 30 hogs. 2UOO hens and 100
stands of bees: only $800 down, or would con
sider good exchange.
t2800—68 acres: only 2 miles of Soquel; 21
acrea of beat black sandy loam, suitable for
truck gardening: about 4 acrea full bearing;
orchard and vineyard; raises beet corn and
potatoes in State; 6-room hard flnlahed resi
dence; hot and cold water; barn, granary,
wagon shed, poultry-houaea; abundant water;
only $800 down, easy terma; 400 corda of wood.
53000—Foothill ranch. 160 acres; only 3
miles of Clayton, Contra Costa County; 80
acres plow land, balance pasture, family or
chard; house and barn.
$4750—160 acres, of which 80 are level: 140
under cultivation; near Clayton; new houae. 5
rooma and basement; new barn. 30x40; poul
try-houses; fenced 4 fields; water piped to
buildings; family orchard; terms.
$1900— Only 2 miles Santa Rosa; 8 acres
rich bottom land; neat 4-room cottage; good
barn; poultry-houses; buggy and harness;
poultry; farming tools.
$10,500—Only 1% miles of Santa Rosa; 98
acres; on fine drive; 25 acres full bearing
French prunes and pears; 50 acres black grav
elly loam, adapted to walnuts: modern 8-roora
residence; fine barn, holding 200 tona of hay;
carriage houae. windmill and tank. oorn
crlbs, etc.
$600—Almost adjolna atoraa, P. O. and 6
miles of Anderson; 10 acres: 6 acres bearing
peachea: cabin. 16x24; under irrigation ditch I
well fenced; poultry men, investigate quick.
$300 down, 1 mile of R. R. town: 18 acres
level black loam: no buildings; well fenced;
13 acres full bearing peers and French prunes;
flne creek for poultry: price $2000. any terma.
$12,500—388 acrea rich alluvial coll; 2 mtlee
of two thriving railroad towna and not far
from Lodl, San Joaquin County; small almond
orchard; good house, 8 rooms, and house for
help: flne barn, holding 100 tons: wagon ahed;
blacksmith shop; windmill, 5000-galfon tank;
fenced and cross-fenced; terms or exchange;
gilt-edge bay property.
58600—0n oiled drive; 1 mile of Live—nor*!
40 acrea heeltNy, full bearing vineyard: about
5 acres fmlt; plain dwelling; barn*, good well
and windmill: 2 years' crop will pay for thla
place.
$.1000 —25 acres; 1 mile of Courthouse end
Hlsh School; 5 acres fine alfalfa; 10 acres
Bartlett rears and almonda: balance alfalfa
land; 2 wells; fully equipped pumping plant:
dwelling, barn, poultry-houaea; drying plant;
half cash.
$8500—Clot', to Napa City: 50 acres rich,
level land; 38 acres In orchard 12 years old:
rood 8-room house: large bam. windmill and
tank: drying plant, poultry yards: horsea, cat
tle: farming toola; good furniture; fine income;
half cash.
,2500—2 ft acres, half rolllnr end balance
level; near Santa Rosa. 8 miles of Kenwood:
rich land: 2 acres orchard; vineyard; creek: 2
wells: nice cottars, B rooma: large barn:
fenced Into 4 fields; 5 poultry-houses, large
wire nettlnr yards, 150 laying hens: rood
horse 3 cattle: spring wagon, top buggy; 4
tons hay; easy terms.
$2950—2 miles of Sonoma City; 10 acres lev*!
sarden aoll: 8H acrea hearing vinea: t acre
fruit: good dwelling, bam, poultry-houaea:
horse, wagon, carta, plows. 3 sets harness,
tools, wine pr**s, tanks and casks: furniture:
flne crop.
$1700—25 acres, close t~ CaH*toe-a: adapted
to vines and trees; family orchard: cosy B
room eottare; good barn: fin* water.
1400 down—ft acres rood land, with new.
hard flnlahed cottar* of 5 rooms and hath:
large brooder-house. 2 Incubators. bmo*»—: all
farrrlrs tools; near Petalnma: price X2OOO.
$8500 —Only 1 mile of Hay words- 37 acres
flne land: 4 aer** orchard: mod-"—
heot.e. 6 rooms and hath: finest barn In count*,
alone coat $4000; flne view; thla Is the best buy
in the vicinity.
LODI. inr>T.
We are mibdlvidlnr a choir* tract In 10-ar**
lota: only 2H miles from town: surro"nd»d *v
modern homes and flne orchards p"d Vt*j—rd»- 
soli rich, black, aardv loam. 12 feet deep:
school on the tract: 875 per acre: thla will not
last over 30 days: first com*. first served.
$1200 —10 acres In vine find fruit he't. near
Lodl: sandy loam: 5-room houae and hern.
Send stamp for the lararest and most diversi
fied rrlnted Mat on the cosst.
WHITE A RAYLEY,
9ure***o—» to
W. J. WHITE
26 Mont_omerv Ft., rocm 8.
Pronertv FTchanr* a Pn»elaltv.
KANE A JAUNET.
630 Market at., opp. Palace Hotel.
Country Department.
We have for aale one of the moat popular
resurta in the State, located In Lake County,
embracing 30 acrea of grounda. 5 good bulld
lnga. complete. Including furniture, bed and
table linen, boats, conveyances, etc
Thla can be bought for a comparatively
small cash payment and yearly installments
to be nald out of tha business.
LOTS IN NEW TOWN.
Napa Junction City, on the line of the 8. P.
Co and the Napa-Vallejo Electric Ry. Thla
town la established at the plant of the Stand
ard Portland Cement Worka. Juat en the
market.
KANE A JAUNET.
$8000—WE have for aale or exchange 80
-acre ranch In raialns. grape a, peachea, flga,
almonda, etc; also 20 acres In alfalfa and
pasture; good improvements; house, hern and
flne drlvewaya to town; a typical and good
paying place; owner'a Ul health end age
cauae of aale; we have also 87 acres, all Im
proved except buildings, well located, be
tween Los Oatoa and San Jose, 2Vt miles;
$150 per acre. Call on or addreaa THE AL
DEN CO.. 1233 Broadway. Oakland.
$1500 —FOR aale or exchange, 10-acre prone
orchard In full bearing: 3Mi ml lea from
Templeton. on Southern Paclflo R. R», Baa
Luis Obiapo County. 2607 Pine st.
ATTENTION, HOMESEE KERS!
Sand postal for catalogue of the best lane
bargains In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market at.
CONTRA Costa County Real estate far sal*.
Send for Hat. D. J. WEST. Martinez. CaL
BAH MATEO BBAX. ESTATE.
SAN MATEO SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We hava a choice Hat of excellent residence
properties, villa aitea and acreage. Don't fail
to ace us before buying. Investigate San Mateo
Park, tha ideal property of them all. Lota of
about one acre each. Bound to be most valu
able; $800 up.
HATWARD ADDITION.
Adjoining the town. Business end residence
lota. Street work complete. Covered with ma
! jestlc oaks. Easy terma See our local agent,
Frank S. Orummoo. San Mateo office ope*
Sunday.
BALDWIN A HOWELL 28 Poet at.
LOMITA PARK.
Aa an Investment or for a home alte, a 80
-foot lot in Lomlta Park offera exceptional ad
vantagea. Only 46 mlnutea from the city on
the San Mateo electric line: outside tha fog
belt; well located and drained; artesian water;
streets graded; water and sewer plpea laid.
Terms—A first payment of from $10 up and
balance at $10 per month. Easily within the
reach of all. First placed on the market Au
gust 1 and over half now sold. Must be seen
to be appreciated. Go down and Inveetifnte or
i write to-day—to-morrow may be too late to
secure a choice.
SELBY. RODGERB A CO..
Main 873. 116 California at.
Alao at LOMITA PARK.
ELM—~BST KMAII ESTATE.
tm ■ 1 1 *"**—"***—'*"*■
$600 —ACREAGE; 5 to 10 acre tracta, $000
per acre; on 6. P. R. R. track.
$1000— 4-room house and lot; bath, pantry and
toilet; half block from electric care.
If you want suburban property ace JAMES
j. Q-TOOLE. Elmhurat.
$75 EACH. $5 month: lota In Elmhurat: 2
blocka from the station. OSCAR HEY
MAN & BRO.. 14 Post at.
QOLMA KEAL ESTATE.
i FOR BALE
COLMA REAL ESTATE
Large lota; acre lands- near line San Fran.
I cieco. Inquire 416 Hearst bldg. R. a.
THORNTON
BEAL ESTATE WAETEP.
FOR exchange for real estate, one automobile
runabout, good condition. Box 341i9. Cell.
WANTED —Cultivable land In or near vlclnite
of Sen Francisco. Box 3786, Cell office.KAYWABES BEAL ESTATE.
P WILBERT. REAL ESTATE. INSURANCE.
CHRISTMAS OFFERINGS OF REAL, ES
• "TATE IN THE GARDEN OF EDEN. MORE
COMMONLY CALLED HAYWARD, ALA
MEDA COUXTY. CALIFORNIA.
f-aerev with small house and barn, well and
Bump- Hi miles from town: near electric
lm*'and new boulevard; $1400.
• jfj teres with small house, good barn. 3 chick
en-houses, well and pump, plenty wood and
Watci: $3608. . .
"2B ; u-r?s with flne larare house, bain, several
' acres-In fruit and vines: fine place for sum
nv r W-.r<Y.-rs; improvements worth the price;
•'. only $4800.
gu scree with ."-room house, barn, numeroua
• ' ' chick•"'•heuses well and pump, several acres
in young full* 3(0 fine chickens, cow, home,
''• harness and buggy. 2 brooder houses, chicken
yards separately fenced; everything. In good
' shap to 'make "money; a positive snap; only
$3600. _
Unimproved lend In subdivisions to suit: fine
for -fruit or poultry; In the famous Castro
Valley; only $175 per acre.
, teres: nice little stock r.tnch; only 5 miles
'from town; comfortable Improvements: gcod
: „,'.. fine'trwot stream runs through the
place; only $5000.
12% -acres, about 1-5 In full bearing fruit: new
h .us* of 5 rooms: barn, well, windmill and
"tank line cistern, chloken-housea. berries
' • anfl Irrigating plant, horse, spring wagon.
' '.--art chickens; fine road; near town;
'en!y $7000.
■' Fine modern high basement cottage of 4 rooms
." and bath: barn; lot 50x100 feet; 6 blocks
. " from poetofftoe; only SI3OO.
these offerings must re seen to bb
Appreciated, call early and get
-• -first choke.
P. WILBERT,
Castro, near R St.,
'• • Hayward, Cal.
f4O PER e.cre, 550 act**; fenced and cross
fet.ced; good house; 4 Vm.-ns: 2 milk houses;
'cheese factory: plenty wood and water. A
mi del ranch. 0 miles from Hay ward*.
' $20 acre. 4SO acres; fc:ic*d and ercss
ienced; small house; 2 barns; plenty wood and
• water. A fine stock ranch; 7 miles from Hay
. wards.
'• $15. acre, 120 acres: fenced hog tight:
'small house and barn: plenty wood and wa'.er;
!» mllea from Haywards.
$175 x>er acre, 20 acres unimproved, fine
. ).;n'-e for chicken ranch; 2 miles frcm Hay
wards.
.$4750 —4-., acrwp, flne house. 7 rooms: barn,
mill and tank: chicken houses and yards; 300
rhlckens, cow, horse, harness, wagon, plows,
hairows, etc.; one mile from Haywarda.
$4000 —6 acres, modern house, 5 rooms; bam,
chicken houses and yards: 500 young pullets,
•just beginning to lay; horse, cow, wagons and
.'.farming Implements: close to school; 2Vi mllea
from Haywards. This Is a bargain. Money
' coming In as soon as you take place.
RAM AGE & STANTON,
Castro at., near "A," Haywarda.
BEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to W. J. White.
$7000—Dairy. 40 acres. 30 fine alfalfa, 7 mus
cat grape*. 2 fruit; 7-room house; large barn;
"Elmwood woven fence; 15 graded cows; wagor;
tools; trade for clean stock merchandise or
•cash. .
$5500 each—Two best built modem houses
In city;' on bituminized street, for unimproved
property, Berkeley preferred; get an Income
quick.
$2500 —Paying wood and coal business for
farm.
Send a stamp for big printed list.
.20 Montgomery St., room S. Phone Main 6704.
©NE 6-room and one 5-room house; well situ
ated and good condition; worth $5500; will
.• .rent for $45 per month; can put In unim
proved lots if necessary; would like a small
place improved; health compels a change.
Box 307. Berkeley.
' PROPERTY WASTED.
. WANTED—2 new flats, with attic and base
■ rrient; prefer corner; $5000 cash; $100 month
rent; no south of Market or Point Rich
• mond property: no agents. Box 3669, Call.
; FARMS AND RANCHES TO LEASE.
' 20* ACRES; house 6 rooms, furnished; barn;
' stable; chicken houses: for a term of years;
.cheap. JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market. S. F.
COUNTRY BEAL ESTATE TO BEET.
FOR .rent —Place of 4% acres, mostly orchard,
'with buildings; suitable for chicken ranch.
Inquire C. WEITZ. Yoakum aye.. Elmhurat.
ALAMEDA ADVERT'S'MTS
- ALAMEDA BEAL ESTATE.
.. . E. D. JI'DD CO.
The Hay Side Tract of Alameda has been
ptacad on the market and is attracting at
tention as being the finest of all residence sec
tions. It has never before been offered for sale
• The tract contains 4* lots. 50x150. fronting
on Bay st.. the latter being fJO feet wide. The
. h-nd, lies high, sloping gradually from San
Antonio aye. to the water front, where a
• cemtnt bulkhead has been put In.
The Bey Side Tract has been sewered and
••all sewer, connectione made to the lota.
The streets will be beautifully macadamized
arid, the gutters formed o' -ock and cement,
and all sidewalks cement; on each lot have
been reserved from one to four fine large oak
trees
Electric light poles will be furnished. The
adjoining locations will contain the most ex
pensive- and attractive homes in Alameda.
Sherman st. being one Mock to the eaat.
' Lying as this Tact does, In the heart of
the finest residence section, we look for a
•genuine awakening on the part of Investors as
to the desirability of these lots. Morton at
•station lies within 10 minutes' walk and the
.electric car line passes the north end of the
• street. ■
For further Information inquire of Baldwin
A .Howell. 25 Post st., San Francisco, or E.
D.. Judd Co., 1424 Park st., Alameda.
' \ SPECIALS.
•North side San Antonio aye.; new house of
fl large rooms; lot 50x150; gas, electricity;
beautiful bathroom; cost $8500; aacrlficlng at
$C5OO.
• New house of 10 rooms on Sherman st.; lot
76x150; cost $16,000; now offered at $13,000.
.' Large-cottage of 6 rooms, all modem plumb
ing; lot.50xl3o; artesian well water; offered on
eaay terms. $2750; originally coat $4500.
'. Modern cottage. 6 rooms; lot 40x120; $1300.
• Modem cottage. 5 rooms; lot 30x150; $1400.
•25 or 30 flne building lots; choicest In Ala
meda. .
ED. JUDD CO..
1424 Park st.
A NEW YEAR'S GIFT.
$2250 buys a beautiful new 6-room cottage;
. large lot.
$2450 -buys a 5-room cottage; lot 40x170.
$2500 buya a 5-room cottage; comer lot.
, 52750 buya a 6-room house; very;
cheap.
SPECIAL BARGAINS—GREAT VALUES.
$*50 buya comer lot, 50x110; worth $1500.
•SU6OO buys a 5-room cottage; lot 45x150.
£2000 buys a beautiful 6-room houae; lot 45x I
150.
$3500 buys 6-rnom colonial houae (new); large
lot; a bargain.
.$3600 buys 7-room home; very modern; ch?ap. |
EASY TERMS. EASY TERMS EAST TERMS
Lock at the beautiful homes we are selling
The choicest lots and best values in Alameda!
Seeing is believing.
.We suarantee you a saving of at least 10 i
per oent.
A FEW ELEGANT HOMES FOR SALE '
$5000 -buys a flne 8-room house; comer lot
new. '
•SOOOO buss a n*w 8-room housa and lot; a
snap.
$7500 buys an elegant 8-room home, finished
In oak.
'Home* from $1000 to $35,000.
BARGAINS IN ALL PARTS Op ALA
MEDA'. PURCHASE NOW. SECURE A LOT
OR A HOUSE AND LOT. AS ALA MED V ;
.PROPERTY WILL DOUBLE IN Value'
THIS COMTJfa YEAR.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
TEL. ALA. 490. 1500 PARK mST., ALAMEDA.
HAI.LT A CO.
Large modem hotel, situated on comer, pay.
Ing big intercat on investment, building nearly
new. cen be had on terms.
$2350—5-room modern cottage; large lot; fine
lawn and fruit treea.
• $2750—New modem 7-room cottage for sale
at a, sacrifice account owner leaving for East.
■$*80P -Nearly new 7-room cottage on San,
•Tose aye.: also 0-room cottage on San Jose
aye for $2500. We also have a larre list of i
un improved property.
' ' HALLY A CO..
• 2315 Santa Clara aye.
• Phone Alameda 106.
FOR a home in Alameda go to HAWKS A
. MEHRTENS.
choice business property, paying 10 per
cent, at a sacrifice.
Fire evrner lot, 134x135; $50 caah balance
: to 'BCit.'
; *2r,<K)—niegant / home of 7 rooma: lot
11200— Home of 4 rooms: lot 60x150: flne
comer Seventh and Railroad aye.
V>P<' have new cottages from $1500 to 52600- '
2-atary houses $2000 to $0000: aome bargains- I
. r p al estate business; a milk business. H i
- JL- HTTON (X) . UB3 Park st. j
?OR *ale--N*W 6-rcom shingle cottage; gne. |
ni, e '* p trlclty: centrally locate*!. ■
'ark st.: rwti-r <n property SundT.-s or '
apply tr c. RARTLETT. 12 !3 St. Charlea st. !
$18 „ r ™ foot: 275 fe t frontage: all rtreet !
' S 0 Bld( "*a'ks. or will build to auit. J. '
H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st '
ALAMEDA ADVERT'S'MTS
ALAMEDA SEAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA PROPERTY.
A HOUSE FOR EVERYBODY.
1 Thirty lots frcm $10 to $16 per front foot;
five minutes from Filth st. station; $50 down,
balance ea.-.y terms.
Homes from $1000 upon terms; must be
seen to be appreciated.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
A fine 7-room house, modern, near Morton
st. station; for San Francisco property.
JUST SUBDIVIDING.
One of the best blocks on Santa Clara aye.;
3 minutes' walk to either narrow or broad
gauge station; will bo sold on terms.
Suitable for a resident" and large garden:
: electric cars pass the property; a block of land
lon San Jose aye., near Vcr3cl!les atatlon;
200x235; a bargain.
I Also a block on Pacific aye.. between Eighth
and Wood sts.; fine location; one block from
Masttck station.
Two 4-room flats In flne location on Pacific
I aye.; at a bargain.
One-stcry and basement cottage; upper flat
pays Investment.
! A. R. DE.VKE. 1400 Webster at., Alameda.
Or C. A. POMEKOY. 11 Montgomery at.. San
Francisco.
BERKELEY ADVERTS'NTS
BEBKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
"TRUTH IS MIGHTY."
In these colurr.na we hr.ye been telling you
: some truths about B?rkc!ry property and many
persons have been Investigating and have con
. vinced themselvfs, as our &alea will show.
, Do you realize that
A HOME IN BERKELEY
Is a step toward independence? Why not In
vestigate at once? Why pay your landlord 12
: per cent or more when you can save half of
;it and have your OWN HOME in the end?
THINK ABOUT IT THIS NEW YEAR'S
DAY!
, 35 minutes and a 5-ct-nt fare to the city,
iWe have some flne properties or will build
i what you want. For your interest look up
the McGEE TRACT.
FRANCIS FERRIER,
2121 Shattuck aye.. Berkeley.
At the Key Route terminus.
j
A SNAP—SEE IT!
$1450—5250 cash, balance $15 per month: new
i 5-room cottage; hot and cold water, bath and
I toilet; high basement, brick foundation; 1 block
to cars.
$6000 —House of 8 large rooms; all modem
1 and up-to-date, with a block of land; well,
windmill and tank, barn, chicken-house, fruit
, trees: house cost more than I am asking for
j the property.
$1850—New 5-room cottage: high basement.
fln« mantel, stationary tubs, baths, toilet, etc.;
large lot; one block from cars.
$2800—$800 cash, balance $25 per month; 8
large rooms, all modern; lot 50x135; fruit trees;
work all done.
$300 to $600— Street work all done; $25 cash,
balance $5 and $10 per month.
$1500—5.'120 cash, balance $15 per month; 4
; large rooms; good well and city water; lot
40x135.
$2100—8200 cash, balance $20 per month: B
large rooms and bath; stationary washtubs; J
fine mantel, high basement; cement walks; .
street work all done; 2 blovks to both trains. \
$2200—51100 cash, balance flat mortgage; 8
i room house; lot 70x100; 3 blocks to train; re-
I duced from $3000 for quick sale,
j W. C. MORAN. South Berkeley.
IN CENTER OF BERKELEY.
i Elegant new 6-roomed house, three blocks I
from entrance to university; must be sold j
I quickly to close partnership; no reasonable of- j
fer refused; terms.
$25 rer front foot for property on corner of \
Claremont and Russell; will go to $40 per foot j
soon.
$3200 —Bungalow; the latest improvements: !
good neighborhood; high ground; street 1m- !
provements complete; gas, etc.; lawn already ;
; In: see this before buying; terms.
$4000— Corner lot: elegant new 8-room
I house; would like to show this to anybody de
siring a first-class home for a moderate price.
Peralta Park; a beautifully situated sub*rb;
shaded avenues; large lots; will be worth dou
ble the present price as soon as car facilities
are extended; Installments $10 per month.
We can furnish locations for factory sites on
railroad and water front cheaply and on
easiest terms.
WARREN. CHENEY & CO..
Bank Building, Berkeley Station.
LOTS.
$1100 —50x125 on University aye.; north aide,
1 near Grant.
$300—40x135: Russeii s t,, near King.
$300—40x135; Oregon st., near Calais.
$050 —10x100; Virginia st.. corner Louisa.
$W>0 —40x120; east of College aye.
$3000 —$400 cosh, balance 8 per cent; new
6-room house; lot 40x115; one block of cars;
one block of station.
$1500 —1 acres, within two blocks of station;
not far out; well worth $2500.
$400—Lot, 100x135; Franklin st., near Vir
ginio.
$2800— At 1423 Henry St.. half block from
Berkeley station; new 5-room cottage; high
basement; modern In every way; street work
complete.
MORAN & SWAIN, opp. Berkeley station.
WE BUY, SELL AND BUILD.
Don't pay rent, we build you a house for a
small cash payment, balance same as rent; any
part of Berkeley or Oakland; $1600 up, accord
ing to location.
LOOK AT THIS.
$2000—New cottage, 4 rooms, bath; 40-foot
lot; 1 block from station: street work done.
AND THIS.
$1600 —New cottage 4 rooms." bath; 1 block
from station; small payment down.
$3250 —Elegant new house. 8 rooms, finished
in hardwood, on a main avenue; $400 cash.
AND LOTS.
We have level lots one block from station
and electric cars, for $300.
HBDEMARK A JACK CO.. Lorin-Berkeley.
City office, 11 Montgomery st.
BERKELEY INVESTMENTS
Beat United States bonds several times over.
Presented by W. J. MORTIMER & CO., Berke
ley station.
$4350 —New modern home on Walnut st.; rent
ed for $444 a year net.
$7350 —Two new 7-room houses In North
Berkeley, east of Shattuck aye.. one block
from cars. Rented for $702 a year net.
$4200—Pretty new home on Vine st., near
car?. Rented for $402 a year net.
$3650—New modern 1 H-story house on Arch
st.; rented for $324 a year net.
This beats placing your money In saving
barks.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO.,
2123 Center St.,
Berkeley, Cal.
SEE some of these bargains during the holi
days :
$1850 —A good 5-room cottage, on lot 50x135.
$2000—A 5-room cottage, on good corner lot;
street work done; $250 down.
$2250 —Good 5-room house on lot 57x132;
street work done: modern.
$2500—5-room home on lot 40x122: $350 down.
We have a dozen or, more modern homes
from $2500 to $3200. on very easy terms to
purchasers, see ua before renting or buying:
we have a number of cottages for rent from
$12 up. also a flne list of lots, some of them
dirt cheap.
NEWTON A NEEHHAM,
2131 Center St., Berkeley.
ARTISTIC, modern homes In Berkeley and
Oakland,' on large lots In the Santa Fe
Tracts, on tho Key Route, 25 to 30 minutes >
from San Francisco, may now be secured
for $2700 and lesa. on almost a rent basis of
monthly payments by people of moderate
means; all street work completed. Including
sewers and sidewalks; very desirable air
roundlrzs, including schools and churches;
convenient to university; these lots are rap
idly lncreaslnz In value: buy now at the
low, start-off prices; rend postal for particu
lars. HOLOOMB. BREED A BANCROFT,
Inc., 1060 Broadway, Oakland.
HOPKINS TERRACE.
This flne piece of property, more than
half sold, lies at the NE. comer of beautiful
Berkeley: 500 feet above the sea level, it haa
an uninterrupted view of the bay which noth
ing can hide: electric ears run to the tract:
prices range from $600 to $1500 per 60-foot lot;
street work all done; terms can be had If de
aired; Realty Syndicate certificates taken In
payment. For mar* and other Information ace
JOS. J. MASON, SE. corner Shattuck aye. and
Center at.
MILLS the real estate man has been obliged to
move upon account of the urgent need of
more room. Ycu will find him three doors
above the old etand and just as attentive and
obliging as ever. He haa a fine office now;
just look at him and receive a New Year
greeting and look over the list of lota and
houses. I know ha can suit you as to loca
tion and price. A new list of beautiful lots
has juet come In too late to advertise Phone
Ma-on 2152. 2167 Shattuck aye.
A GENUINE bargain In Berkeley real estate
which will make a most desirable New Year'a
present. Call on the well known firm of J
P. HALE & CO.. Real Estate and Insurance
North Berkeley, Dwight Way ' '■
ir.tl Shattuck aye. 2515 Shattuck aye.
Phcnc Mason 2192. Phone Derby 1022.
$500 —GOOD corner. rvo x 100 ~near school and
car lines: If taken soon, $2650; good 5-room
cottage; lot 50x135; street work all done
LITTLE R WOOLSEY, 2110 Shattuck aye '
Berkeley, CaL
. - I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1. 1903.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BZBKILST REAL ESTATE.
$I.BOO—COTTAGE. 0 rocms; bath; patent
, j toilet; city water; electric light; high
basement; * corner lot, 50x100; chicken
house; trees, etc.; casu $500, balance like
rent. 11978)
! $2,4oo—Nearly new 2-story colonial house, 8
rooms: bath; electric light; lot 60x100;
near station: cash $400, monthly install
ments. (11*38)
. $2,sso—New 1 *4-story, sharp roof house, 5
rocm.3; bath; 2 toilets; electric light;
large porch; near this station; en im
proved street; easy terms. (1977)
: $3,27,0 —New 2-story house, 8 large rooms;
bath; 2 toilets; electric light, etc.; din
ing-room and library finished in hard
woods, myttle and maple; 1 minute from
Asliby station; main avenue; cash only
$250. (ll;2U>
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
' $1,000 —Pretty cottage, 5 rooma; bath; toilet,
etc.; good well, windmill and tank; lot
40x125; rented at $12 50 per month. (1953)
———
A GOOD BUT.
I $400—Lot 40x100, In good locality; sewered,
graded and macadamized.
I
Lots all t»zes, prices and locations.
I K. D. IRWIN, Lorin Station, South Berkeley.
Open Sundays. ]
j ~~ BERKELEY HOMES.
: $2t>oo buys a 5-room cottage on graded
Street; good location; fine view.
$3750 buys a 0-room house, near foothills; eu
perb view; large lot; new.
i $3Soo—Only *i down for a new 8-room reel- j
dence: fine neighborhood ;lot 35x135 and 60
feet wide In rear.
$4000 to $450tk for new 7 and 8 room houses
In choice locations. j
A SNAP IN LOTS.
$10 per front foot on macadamized street,
IB residential South Berkeley; corner j
let, 40x100. for $450; Inside lots. $400.
: $1500 for extra large lot in Claremont Dis
i r~ trict; 77x227. |
i $2000 for a flne unobstructed corner; 50x150;
commanding view of university, hills and
bay.
$10C0o tor a choice corner on Telegraph aye.; ;
SSxICO.
Per particulara and further Information ace I
JOS. J. MASON. . |
Berkeley Station, or 421 California at., S. F., !
bet. 12 and 1.
ALLEN'S SPECIAL LIST
■. Of houses and lota on macadamized atreeta, •
convenient to university and trains. j
$2500 —6 rooms; modern; nice'; near trains. j
$2750—8 rooma; 2 flats; large lot; treea and j
flowers.
! $3200—7 rooma; modern; sunny, alghtly; near
trains. '
j $4500—8 rooms; new; nicely finished; lovely
views; flne location.
■ $4SCo—Extra nice S-room house; near In; aouth
side of university.
Some that are especially good for Inveat
| ments:
$3500—10 rooms; 2 flata; In nice condition; an- J
nual net rental $420.
$3550 —Modern 7-room house; annual net In
come $400. 1
$4500—New, modern 9-room house; annual In- j
come $540.
LYMAN ALLEN, 2129 Center at.
$1000.
V FAIRVIEW
PARK.
$1000.
FAIRVIEW
PARK.
Munificent building lots; street work and ,
sidewalks complete; all the lots are beautifully
I located near the hllla and within 35 mlnutea
of San Francisco by the Key Route traina. j
WHEELER TRACT.
I We have some beautiful building lots now i
'on the market for the first time; tho prices
; range from $1000 to $2400; now Is your oppor
tunity to secure one of these magnificent lota
overlooking the bay and out the Golden Gate.
JUSTER & BAIRD, 2137 Shattuck aye.
' A FEW BARGAINS.
$2000—Four acres adjoining U. C. grounds on
east, graded road to land, living water.
$1500— Large lot; 52x140; Berry-Bangs Tract,
near Derby street and Telegraph aye.
j $ir>oo—Walnut street lot: flne marine view.
; $3000— 8-room house, near College aye.
, $3150 —6-room house; Oxford st.
j $2000— New 6-room cottage; Harper st.
, $3500—New 0-room house; Dana st.
i For rent: Good 7-room house on Channlng way; ;
first-class condition. I
; Other lots and houses In Berkeley we will
i show on application at our office.
R. A. BERRY A CO..
Postofflce Block, Berkeley.
FAIR VIEW PARK.
A coming residential section: acceaalble to '
Key Route and Southern Pacific; electric cara
on two aides of property; located In SE cor- l
ncr of beautiful Berkeley; desirable 50-foot
lots can be had at $900 each: all street work, |
sidewalks and tree planting Included. Buyera I
at to-day's prices will surely double their
money: a fact that has already been demon
strated In other sections.
Maps and full Information on the grounds, or
421 California Bt., S. F.. bet. 12 and L
JOS. J. MASON.
SE cor. Shattuck aye. and Center st.
6 ROOMS; modern; lot 40x75; flne location tn
Fouth Berkeley: 4 blocks from Key Route; i
$2000, *200 cash, balance like rent. W. N.
RUSSELL, 301 California at., San Francisco.
S. B. KENFIELD A CO..
REAL ESTATE.
SEE OUR LIST.
2115 SHATTUCK AYE.,
TERMINUS KEY ROUTE.
FRUITVALE ADVERT'STS
rETJITVALE BEAL ESTATE.
H. BARKMEYER. 1206 FRUITVALE AYE.,
FRUITVALE, CAL.
$850—Good house of 5 rooms, newly renovated: ,
lot 100x100; one block from a flne graded
school and car line; this is a bargain.
$1200—Cottage of 3 rooms, completely fur
nished; lot 50x265; all fenced and cross
fenced; chicken and pigeon houses.
$1300 —Modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath,
high basement: lot 37:6x122; 6 blocks from
Frultvale station. Terms $100 cash, bal
ance $15 per~month.
$1200 —Cottage of 4 rooms, closets, pantry,
etc.; lot 25x125; 4 blocks from local train.
Terms $100 cash, balance $14 per month.
$1750—New, modern cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; high basement, cement sidewalks; ;
near school and car line; lot 50x110; alii
fenced.
$2400 —Elegant cottage of 6 rooma, pantry,
closets, etc.; washhouse, flne two-story
barn, cow stable, 5 chicken houses, good
. well and pump, also city water; about
half acre of land In bearing orchard;
fronting on two streets; near school and
car line. Terms $500 cash, balance $20
per month.
Lots $100 and up. $10 cash and $5 per I
mcnth; streets graded, cement sldewalka and
city water; within 2 blocks of achool and
car line.
See these before buying elsewhere; they are
bargains. For particulars apply to
H. BARKMEYER,
Near Frultvale station, Cal.
M. C. GIBSON.
1320 Frultvale aye. Phone Vale 290.
If you have a lot partly paid for or If you .
have part of the money to pay for a lot and
would like to start to build.
COME AND SEE US.
We have the plana or will draw them to ault
you and will bul'.d you a houae. pay the bal
ance on your lot and furnish the money to
build with and let you pay it back In eaay
monthly payments.
M. C. GIBSON j
(Phone Vale 290.) j
1326 Frultvale aye.. close to East 14th at 1
Open evenings and Sundays. 4
—— — 1 — (
SPECIAL
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
]
LINDA PARK, LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK.
The terminus of 5-cent fare, Haywards cars; !
atreetß graded and graveled: stone sidewalks;
depot on tract; lota from $50 to $200; $20 cash
and balance $10 per month; 15 blocks to local
train: best located property on San Leandro
road- graded school on tract. Apply to S. S.
AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third aye.. Oakland.
ONE acre and cottage. $1300; 3% a., $1750;
4 acres. $2000; 1 acre, $900: 6 acres. $4000
2 acres, cottage, well and tank, $2750.
Lot 60x260 ft., 3-room cottage, $1000.
JUDSON A CO.. Frultvale.
OAKLAND APVERT'S'MTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAKJ SEAL ESTATE. _ ,
NICE modern house, nearly new: near Lake '
Merrltt; close to new street car extension. *
lust In operation, greatly Increasing vaiue; (
7 rooms; lot 55x232; price reduced to $3000,
$200 cash, balance like rent. '
9 rooms; modern; lot 60x100; lying high
with cement retaining wall; in East Oak
land, near new Key Route service; $3500,
$300 cash, balance like rent.
Mansion in East Oakland: 14 rooms: 6
lots: suitable for sanitarium or private hos
pital; $6500. Eaay terma.
W. N. RUSSELL.
301 California at., San Francisco, Cal.
4 NEW all modern flats; well rented; $90
month; for $9000. ______
2 modem flats, on a corner; central to
Broadway; renta $60 month; price $4750.
L
2 fine new nil modern flata, neat Telegraph
aye.; rents $70 month. By the ALPEN CO. |
1233 Broadway.
OAKLAND ADTERTS'M'TS
j OAKLAND BEAL ESTATE.
i E. J. STEWART A CO..
100S BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
START THE NEW YEAR RIGHT.
SPECIAL HOLIDAY OFFERINGS.
iWB HAVE ON HAND AT PRESENT VERY
DESIRABLE PROPERTIES. BOTH IM
PROVED AND UNIMPROVED. IN DIF-
I FERENT PARTS OF OAKLAND AND
! BERKELEY. SPECIAL ATTENTION
GIVEN TO OUR SALES DEPARTMENT.
$3160 —In Piedmont; elegantly furnished houae
of 6 large, sunny rooms, bath, fine base
ment; large lot; terms; don't miss this.
j $3150 —New and up-to-date 5-room bungalow
in Piedmont, on main car line; thla place
in beautifully finished In pine and modern
In every respect; large basement and laun
dry; lot 32x100; get busy.
! $2SO0 —Snap: beautiful home of 6 large, sunny
rooma with bath, 1 block from car lines;
very choice location; modern; don't over
look this.
$3600 —Snap; flne Investment; two flata of 4
and 6 rooms, respectively, and cottage, all
In first-class order and modern In every
respect; within two blocks of 7th-st. lo
ca4 tram to S. F.; in flne neighborhood;
close to churches and schools; street mac.
adamlzed and concrete walks; renta con
tinually for $43 per month; see this at
once; exclusive agents.
; $2600—A beautiful home of 6 large, sunny
rooms, bath and all modern convenlencea;
nearly new; good location; stable; large
lot; street work and concrete walks.
' $200 down and balance Just like rent will put
you In possession of a beautiful new? mod
ern house of 5 large, sunny rooms; In the
finest location In Oakland; investigate.
! $700 —Corner lot on Telegraph aye.; a pick-up.
E. J. STEWART A CO.,
1008 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
; $1,850—5-ROOM modern cottage at Lorin, near
Key Route and local train; very easy
terms.
' $2,6oo—Gocd 5-room cottage on Chestnut at.,
near 16th st.; elevated lot and a nice
home.
$700- Good cottage near 23d aye., R. R, sta
tion. Here Is a chance to own your own
home on terms less than rent.
$3,000 —Pine 2-story 6-room house on 33d at.,
10 minutes to Key Route; $1000 caah, bal
ance like rent.
$2,Bso—Nice sunny house on 24th aye., near
East 23d at.; lot 40x109; elevated and
view unsurpassed.
$20 —Per foot, on Perry St., near new Web
ster st. car line; less than ten mlnutea
to 14th and Broadway; lota 130 feet deep;
street work complete.
$2,900 —New 5-room cottage, near local train;
\ flne place and in one of Berkeley's choice
residence districts,
i $2,500—G00d 5-room cottage on Union St., near
10th st.; lot 25x115; this must be sold
at once.
$1,600 —Here ia another chance for a 6-room
cottage on Chestnut st., near 18th St.; on
very easy terms.
$3,600—0n Filbert St., near 18th st.; 2-story,
9 rooms; lot 50x125.
$1,650 —An elegant little 3-room cottage on
Howie st., within 5 minutes to Key
Roufe; lot 30x125.
$3,500 —Modern 6-room house on Howe St., 3
minutes to Key Route; lot 35x125.
I A manufacturing site, with 201 feet frontage,
near Adeline St.; if you are looking for
such property, all we ask Is to see this
and make an offer. *•
$4,750 —An elegant 2-story 7-room house; cor
ner lot; within two blocks of car line;
this place Is located near St. Mary's Col
lege, and an exceptionally fine home for
the money.
$4,500 —Good 7-reom house In Piedmont, within
a half block from the car line; lot 150 x
200; this will be sold on very easy terms;
foreclosure.
THE E. P. VANDERCOOK COMPANY,
1010 BROADWAY. OAKLAND,
Or Room 232, Mill.* Bldg,
San Francisco, Cal.
CHAS. C. HULBERT.
Successor to Frank P. Lee.
Tel. Main 1124. 911 Broadway.
$1250—Good cottage, 6 rooms; lot 60x100;
near Telegraph aye.
BARGAIN LIST.
32650—Fine cottage, furnished; 5 rooma and
bath; 50-ft. frontage; on 21st at., near
Linden.
$3200 —Elegant new houae of 7 rooma and bath;
eas and electric ll_ht: near Telegraph
aye.; will rent for $25 per mo., subject
to sale; $1000 cash, bal. $29 per mo.; lot
40x107.
We are the exclusive agents for 26 fine lots In
Golden Gate; prices $275 to $300.
$3250 —Buys beautiful 2-story house, 6 rooms
and bath; gas and electric lights; lot 37x
100; high ground; East Oakland; cloae to
two car lines.
COTTAGE.
$1800 —Buys a nice cottage of 5 rooma and
bath; with lot 60x120; East Oakland.
$3500—Buya flne 2-atory 8-room house, nearly
new, on beautiful Vernon Heights; mag
nificent view; terma, $1200 cash, balance
$25 per month, Including interest; lot 35x
100: exclusive agenta.
CHEAPER THAN PAYING RENT.
$2650 —$650 down, balance mortgage, for an
up-to-date two-story houae of 8 rooms
and bath, near San Pablo aye. and I
Southern Pacific local.
FOR SEEKERS OF A FINE HOME.
Most attractive houae on Grove at., of 7
rooms and bath: gas and electric lights; fine
stable: lot 50x150.
CHAS. C. HULBERT,
911 Broadway. Oakland.
THIS If A BARGAIN!
THIS IS A BARGAIN!
$0000—Worth $7500. $6000— Worth $7500.
$GoOO—Worth $7500. $6000—Worth $7500.
MUST BE SOLD.
MUST BE SOLD.
The choicest and most sightly lot In Pied
mont; 100 feet frontage on two streets by a ;
depth of over 300 feet; all street work com
plete; surrounded by elegant residences; con- :
ver.lent to ears; grand view of Golden Gate,
San Francisco, Marin hills, the bay and Oak
land; easy terms; must bo sold.
J. H. MACDONALD A CO..
1052 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
PRICE greatly reduced for a quick sale; cash
required; $650 down will buy a modern six
room bungalow cottage, 1% blocks from the
businests center and bank at 23d aye.; a 15x
23 ft. living room, elegantly paneled; up-to
date electric wiring; porcelain bath; 2 toi
lets; large lot; south frontage; near local
train and otreet cars; north side of East
15th. half way between 22d and 23d ayes.,
Eaat Oakland; will be open for Inspection
January 2; If sold at onoe. price reduced
$300. C. R. SHAW, cor. 13th aye. and E.
28th at, Oakland.
CHEAP LOTS—CHEAP LOTS.
What Next?
Closing Out What's Left.
$60 a Lot. Jessie Jones Tract.
$75 a Lot. Westall Tract.
$75 Laurel Grove Park.
$125 Florence Jones Tract.
$100 Gallndo Tract.
Any one of these lots may be a fortune for
your little one; $5 cash, $1 50 monthly; ad
joining East Oakland; no fogs nor raw winds
here; all Al lota; call or aend for circular.
468 Seventh at., oppoalte Broadway station,
Oakland. Carriage free.
H. Z. JONES. Owner.
BUTTERS & BUHRING, 463 Eleventh st.,
Oakland.
$2000 —New 4-room bungalow cottage; well
built; complete; larse lot; sewer: side
walks: gas: between Telegraph and
Grove; easy walk to Key Route station;
$300 down and $20 or more a month.
$550— Largo lot: 50x150; street sewered and
maeadamlzrd; walking distance to two
locals at Lorin, South Berkeley: close to
car line; ?25 or more down and $5 and
Interest a month. We own these two
properties--. See us at once.
BUTTERS & BUHRING.
468 Eleventh st., Oakland.
BARGAIN!
$0000 will buy a flne $8000 home.
MUST BE SOLD.
MUST BE SOBD.
Fine home of 9 rooms and all conveniences,
surrounded by palms; lot 160 feet front: lot
r.urrounded by three streeta; on, electric line;
almost entirely free from foga; climatic con
ditions unexcelled.
If you wish a fine aheltered home ace this
property. It la in the Piedmont dlatrlct.
For partlculara ace
J. H. MACDONALD A CO..
1062 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
ELEGANT residence lots. 40x120 and 40x200
each, in Piedmont district: 3 short blocks to
"Key route" depot; one block from Broad
way; elevated ground: fine view; street
work complete; entirely new neighborhood;
30 minutes to San Francisco; convenient to
Country Club.
FOR PRICES AND TERMS SEE
J. H. MACDONALD A CO..
1C52 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
LOTS 47x100. Telegraph aye.. south of 26th at.;
also 80x150 corner on Telegraph aye.. near
Ashby. Berkeley. Apply owner HENRY
EAST, 98 Hamilton place. Oakland.
j OAKLAND ADVERTS'M'TS
• OAKLAND BEAL estate.
TAYLOR BROS. A CO..
REAL ESTATE INSURANCE AND FINAN
CIAL AGENTS.
1236 BROADWAY OAKLAND, CAL.
TELEPHONE CEDAR 351.
$1.100 —A dandy little shingled bungalow of 6
r rooms, excellent condition; front yard a
regular flower garden; lot 50x150 feet;
vacant lot adjoining very cheap; close to
j car line; East Oakland. E.
r $1,400 —New 6-room cottage, up to date; close
to car line; excellent climate; lot 50x
t 150 feet; more ground If needed. N
LINDA VISTA COTTAGE.
$1,000 —An excellent 5-room cottage; lot 40x
150 feet, high and elevated; elegant view
of bay and foothills; close to street cars;
$250 cash, balance $1S per month.
BUNGALOW COTTAGE.
$2,900 —Very attractive, 6-room home, ccm
. blnation lighting; everything complete;
lot 37:6x115 feet: beautiful shrubbery;
Linda Vista district; small cash pay
ment, balance to suit purchasers. 1690
. CHEAPEST PLACE IN OAKLAND.
$2,700 Will take this elegant 7-room dwelling;
; attractive in appearance; large double
parlors, reception hall 12x16 feet, lighted
by electricity, gas for fuel, fine hard
-1 wood, plateglass mantel; south frontage;
within 10 minutes' walk of City Hall;
small cash payment, balance like rent;
this Is a bank foreclosure and can be
had for actual amount of mortgage.
FINE HOME.
$4,ooo—Fine colonial dwelling, 7 rooms, double
mangels, electric lights, modern through,
out; 2 blocks of Produce Exchange Mar
ket; ground values here $100 per front
foot.
YOUR MONEYS WORTH HERE.
$2*750 —A good, substantia] cottage of 7 rooms;
the place is not new, but in excellent
repair; lot 05x16S feet; situated in one
of the choicest locations, not far from
Lake Merritt and near New Fourth- aye.
Key Route; could be made very, very
attractive with a little expenditure.
14 PER CENT—IN .'ESTMENT—I4 PER CENT
$7,800 —Four new flats, recently built; electric
lighting throughout, gas for fuel, nice
mantels, handsomely decorated, tenants
aecured before flats were completed; in
come $10S0 per annum. 1696
' $10,250 —Four flats, comprising thirty rooms:
within flva minutes' walk of City Hall;
all occupied, bringing in an Income of
$1500 per annum; 50-foot frontage; In
the near future ground will «be needed
for business purposes.
VACANT LOTS.
We have a contract on two beautiful lots in
Peralta Heights which can be delivered
for $23 50 per foot, worth $30; also good
60-foot lot on West st. for $600.
145 feet on Frultvale aye.. near new postofflce.
0429
1% acres on Hopkins at., subdivided will aell
for double price asked.
I 2 acrea on Hopkins st.; offer wanted.
! 110 feet by 150 feet; near Lake Merritt; beau
tiful view; best residence location In
Oakland; property adjoining the lake Is
becoming very scarce; this place can be
had as a whole or will subdivide at the
astonishingly low price of $40 per front
foot; it Is worth $75 per foot.
TAYLOR BROS. A CO.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. Inc.,
1060 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
i A 7-room story and a half houae; only one I
block from car line; lot 50x150: worth ,
the price of house and lot, $1600; buy this
place, move your house and have a 25- '
foot lot to build a cottage on. have a
olace to lfve and let the old house pay
for both places.
1326
{2000—On easy terms will buy a 4-room cot
tane on 41st st., within one block of
Se.nta Fe Rcute and right on local car
line; lot 37:6x137:0.
$2100—Near San Pablo aye.; a 5-room cottage
now renting for $20 per month; lot 2T>x :
125; this is worth $2400 and is a sacri
fice for quick sale.
254
12500—A 5-room cottage of 5 rooms; high
basement; within two blocks of the
Southern Pacific locals and In beat neigh
borhood: can make very' good terma on
this place; will rent for $25 per month.
887
: $2700 —New cottage. Just completed; has 5
rooms, reception hall; finished In modern
style; lot 40x135, within 150 feet of
Grove at. and near Key Route station;
one year from now thla houae and lot
will find a ready sale at $3000.
123
$3250 —A 5-room cottage on Mors aye.. close
to car lines and only two minutes' walk
to Key Route: this little home can be
secured on easy terms.
, J55
$3 850—An elegant home In refined neighbor
hood; located on high ground; convenient
to car lines and only few minutes' walk
to heart of city: Just completed few weeka
ago; never been occupied: two-atory
shingle house of 8 rooms and bath; terms.
148
BUILDING LOTS.
|4700 —A large lot in the heart of the business
district In Berkeley; this lot must be
aold: only few feet from Dwlght way:
money put In Berkeley property 1b safer
than a bank and nays better Interest.
586
I $525—5100 cash, balance monthly payments,
for lots In North Oakland; right on car
line; located on high [pround; 'these lots
will be worth $7."H> a year from now.
6
HOLCOMR. BREED ts BANCROFT,
1060 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
U C THIS I
IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A SNAP IN
A FIRST-CLASS ELEGANT HOME. HOUSE
OF 9 ROOMS; LOT 50x150; FINE MARINE
VIEW; TERRACED LAWN: STONE STEPS.
WALKS AND WALL WITH IRON FENCE
1 AROUND ENTIRE PROPERTY; 5 OAK AND
! MAPLE MANTELS: OAK FINISH IN HALL i
AND DINING ROOM: CONSTRUCTION
GUARANTEED, AS THIS WAS THE FOR- I
I MER HOME OF OUR GOVERNOR AND
BUILT OF THE BEST MATERIAL MONEY
COULD BUY. PRICE ONLY $6250. EASY
TERMS.
$4200 —New, modern store and flat-, a rare
chance to get a good piece of business
property located at the terminus of Key I
Route; flat rented under two years' lease ;
at $30 per month; store will rent for $25 j
per month; good opening for any kind of ;
business'.-^
$4100 buys a new 7-room house, all modern lm. j
provements, pillared archway to parlor, !
panel dining-room: situated In the moat
aristocratic neighborhood of Oakland; this
is certalnlv a snap. See
KREISS & HORSWILL.
1070 Broadway. Oakland.
INSTALLMENT BARGAIN'S.
$2300 —Cottage on Sixteenth st., Oakland; close
I In: 5 rooma: lot 30x100: lot Is worth the
whole nrlee asked. '
I $2600 —New modern house on Chestnut st.; 6
rooma. bath, etc.; corner; $200 cash,
balance installments.
I $1900 —Houae at. Frultvale steam railroad sta
tion; $150 cash, balance lrstallmenta.
■ $1650' —New cottige on East Fourteenth st..
Just beyond Frultvale aye.; 5 rooma, bath,
etc.; Installments.
: $1600 —Nearly new house «.n -fwenty-elghth
at.. Oakland: 5 rooms: installments,
j $1200—.Good bouse at Golden Gate railroad
atatlon: 5 rooms, barn, 2 chicken houses, j
fruit: lot 50x100; $500 caah. balance $10
per month.
$1500— Smi.ll new cottage nt Junction of Pled- !
mont aye. and fern, street car line; large I
lot: high ground; desirable place for a j
small family.
GRAIN AND FRUIT RANCHES; CHICK
EN RANCHES; CITY AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
IRA C. JE.VKS.
ITifl Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
a
ARTISTIC MODERN HOMES
In Berkeley and Oakland, on large lota in the
S;.nta Fe Tracts on the Key Route, 25 to
30 minutes from San Francisco, may now be
secured for $2700 and less, on almost a rent
basis of monthly payments by people of mod
erate means. All street work completed, in
cluding sewera and sidewalks. Very desirable
surroundings, including schools and churches.
Convenient to University. These lots are
rapidly Increasing In value. Buy now at the
low, start-oft* prices.
Send postal for particulars.
HOLCOMB BREED & BANCROFT. INC..
1060 Broatiway, Oakland.
$1850—CORNER lot. 50x120; all street work
done; a good cottage of 4 rooma and bath i
and barn; convenient to local and street |
cars. . i
$3350 —Two new modern flats of 5 rooms; now .
rented for $37 per month; all street work
done; convenient to ear* and local trains
HUGH M. CAMERON.
1058 Broadway.
A HAPPY New Year and a good profit assured
to all who buy real estate in central Oak
land: lota for sale on easy Installments. See
RICHARD J. MONTGOMERY. Key Route •
atatlon. 40th st. and Telegraph aye., central
Oakland.
! OAKLAND ADVERT'S'MTS
OAKLAND SEAL ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 EIGHTH ST.. OAKLAND.
DOUBLE SACRIFICE. '
$lg,CoC—Choicest home west of Broadway; su
perb residence. 12 rooms; every con
venience; artistic and elaborate Interior,
! corner. 70x115; cost 618.5U0; owner forc
i ing sale; terms arranged.
; CORPORATION CLOSING OUT.
i $1,000—20 lots; $200 each; formerly $4oO; Key
route service; will double In value.
MUST BE SOLD.
( $C,7sC—Pair good renting flats, 5 rooms each;
: present income $47 50; $2500 mortgage
can remain; owner leaving; offer con
sidered: nice location; near Brush and
Sixteenth sts.
LINDA VISTA SACRIFICE.
• I $8,000 —Fine modern house, 7 rooms; nice In
terior: grand view; 100x125; 50 ft. va
cant; Linda Vlsta'a choicest northwest
corner.
$7,2so—Splendid phyalclan'a home; new and
modern; 8 rooms; 40-ft. corner; In heart
of city.
i $5,000— Pair new modern flats. 5 rooms each;
income $50 month: near Telegraph aye,
I $4,600— Beautiful cottage, 6 large rooms; 2
baths, gas, open plumbing; comer \
acre; orchard; grand view; climate un
excelled; Ea-.-t Oakland.
, $4,soo—Fine Telegraph-aye. residence; 8
rooms: $3000 mortgage; close in.
• $3,soo—Modern 2-story 7 rooms; basement; 2
toilets; newly tinted; 105x130; berries;
fruit; near upper Frultvale aye.; bar
gain.
I $3,soo—Modem dwelling. 10 rooms; sunny cor
ner, 66x100; near locals; short walk to
Broadway.
' $3,3so—Modern 2-story. 6 rooms; beautiful In
terior; sunny exposure; convenient to
Key route; $1000 cash; near Grove.
$3,ooo—Linda Vista home; new house. 6
rooms; 37 ft. frontage; street" work com
plete; lovely location; $500 cash, balance
at 8 ncr cent.
$2,soo—Modem cottage. 5 rooms, bath, base
ment; 35x99; street complete; nice loca
tion; offer considered.
• $2,250 —Snap: modern house. 6 rooms, bath.
basement, electricity; 50x150; sunny
aide; close to cara and echoola; near
Eleventh aye.
.sl,Bso—Modern cottage. 5 rooms, bath, base
ment; rent $17 50; near locals; comer
30x140; bargain.
! $I,7so—Modem house, 7 rooms, bath; neat
locals; terms; easy walk to Broadway.
$1,700 —Nice cottage, 5 rooms, bath, basement;
$300 caah; rear locals: bank loan.
$1,660— Neat cottage. 5 rooms, bath; rent $15;
good location; $300 caah.
$I,6oo—Cottage. 4 rooms, basement; 50x120;
well, city water; atreet work done; netr
Key route; very easy terma.
I $I,lso—Neat cottage. 6 rooms, bath; near
Peralta St.; $150 cash.
$8500 —Plain cottage, 2 rooma, baaement;
90x125; near San Pablo aye.; terma ar
ranged.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
400-462 EIGHTH ST.. OAKLAND.
A. J. SNYDER*
Real E3tate Broker and Dealer,
467 Ninth atreet.
I $2*50. $2850. $2850
East aide Telegraph aye.; suitable for flats;
i lots 47x100.
! $9000. $9000. $9000.
I North corner on Telegraph aye.; lot 100x120.
This is certainly the choicest lot left on Tele
graph avenue.
$1,800. $1800. $1800.
Northeast comer of Grove and Thirtieth;
lot 40x90.
' $1800. $1800. $1800.
North side of Seventh St., east of Jackson;
, 40x75.
$1450. $1460. $1450. |
South side of Thirty-flrst at., between Grove
and Telegraph aye.; lot 40x140.
$4500. $4500. $4500.
Sycamore et.. Just west of Telegraph: lot i
40x100: house of 8 rooms and bath; complete, |
new and modem.
', $2100. $2100. $2100. !
Gold St.. near Weston aye., cottage of 5
rooma and bath; lot 30x100.
A. J. SNYDER.
Real Eatate Broker and Dealer,
467 Ninth street.
| $4."0o —ELEGANT 8-room house on Telegraph
aye.. near 31st st.; curly redwood finish; .
choice mantel, stationary book cases and buf.
! fet : modern and up-to-date; this Is a bar
gain; on Oakland's leading street. F. F.
PORTER. 466 Eighth St.. Oakland.
ALDEN REALTY CO.. 6184 Telegraph ay*.
$80O —Lot 75x125 ; 2-room houae, barn, etc.;
near Clarewiont and College ayes.
$goo—Lot 50x150; 3-room house, barn, etc.;
same location: handy to car line.
NEW 5-room house; all conveniences; 819 53d
et., Santa Fe Tract; will aell at a bargain :
account leaving city for gold fields. Apply
682 Merrimac st.. Oakland.
' A SNAP —Choice lot. 110x126. SW. cor. 21st
and Myrtle st*.; will be sold aa a whole or
tn aubdivielona: sold to settle an eatate. 1438
Myrtle st. Oakland. I
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
BFKINS VAN AND STORAGE CO.. general |
movers: we have the best warehouse in the
West (only covered vans used). DON'T |
MISTAKE THE NUMBER, 1010 Broadway,
Oakland; phone-Main 907.
HOUSES for rent—Big new catalogue of de
slr*b!e vacant houses juat out; send for it.
GEO. W. AUSTIN, 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
Onklnnd FnrnlMhed Flatn for Sale, j
FOR sale—Furnished 6-room modern flat, all j
new: bath, gas and electricity; flne location;
good landlord; great bargain; owner leaving
city; no agents. Apply 1011 Washington St., '
Oakland. j
OAKLAND FUBNITTJBE FOB SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furnl
! ture. H. Schelbaas. 11th at.,cor.store.Oakland
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'M'TS
BOLL ▼ALLEY BEAT, T<r» *TE.
$300 TO $800 —Ten per cent caah, balance flO
monthly: flne large lots: graded streets; pure
mountain water; grand redwood trees/1
charming views; rizht at the station; they
nre Belling fast; 130 lots sold; send for il
lustrated booklet. LYON A HOAG. 116
Montgomery st.
San Francisco Advertisem't's
MEDICAL.
LADIES who are In trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their aex can find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician In San Francisco
who has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience without a failure haa
put him at the head. He guarantees relief or
no pay.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market at., room* 7 and 8.
DE, G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are »lck or |
In trouble consult thla specialist on femaU
complaints; postively corrected; the unfortu
nate helped; the moat difficult cases treated: !
every 'case taken; Immediate relief; no pol- :
toning drugs: low fees: my methoda will cure
all care* of irregularity; by consulting me
save time and money; advice free. Office, 1
1018 Market at.
LADlES—Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor yet '
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE- I
■ LIABLE graduate physician. When In trou
ble confide in me. Irregularities relieved; !
the unfortunate helped: I promise b?at atten- I
tion and no danger; I gua.antee prompt re- i
selts or no charge. Room L Est. 14 yeara. |
DR. E. G. WEST, office SOS Kearny at. j
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable speclallat for all f*- !
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re- :
lief guaranteed. Market St.. opp. sth.
MRS. DR WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 844 Post st. j
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills '
sold: price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr
inge and tablets: price $5. By express only,
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS. ,
wholesale druggists, Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
ALL case's of female Irregularities relieved at
once, guaranteed treatment, $10: 30 yeara'
successful experience. DRS. GOODWIN, 850
Market St., opp. FCurth, room 37.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladles' specialist, removed
from 1118 Market to R3B Mission St.. near
Fourth; home in confinement; 25 years' expe
rience: best medical attention; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES snd HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1226 Market.
DR ROSEN residence 2993 Folsom *t.. comer
26th: ladles, relief or no fee: 310. '
MILLIIfEBY.
MODERN millinery-taught; terma reasonable;
poaltlona secured. 17 Polk st. ,
MINES AND MININO.
ASSAYING 60c; bullion, old gold. 95 per cent
paid. Pioneer Assaying Co., 157 New Monty.
j MATBJMOBIAL.
A YOUNG man earning; a good salary in North
ern California wishes to correspond with a
lady with'some means to assist in starting a
peylnp business; object matrimony. Box
j 3300. Call office; no agents.
! A BUSINESS man having a flne business baa*
in this city and a home in Oakland, would
like to meet a kind, middle, aged lady; ob
ject matrimony; no triflers need apply. Box
! 3503. Call office.
|AN ex-soldler with a pension, also haa property
that brings in good Income, would like to
meet a kind and home loving lady; object
I matrimony. Box 3102. Call office.
: BUSINESS man. bright future and ability,
wlanes to meet lady or widow with means;
object, matrimony; strictly private. Box
| 2003. Call office.
| WIDOWER with some means, age 40, desire*
I to meet lady not under 35; object matri
mony; German preferred; no trifier*. Box
3708. Call office.
i WIDOWER. 40. no Incumbrance; a good poet"
; tion at a fine salary and haa a good home foe
; a kind wife. Addreaa box 3008, Call offloa.
j r, I T . TO * OAar -
AAAAA—A CONFIDENTIAL and reputable
place to borrow money on the following;
I Salariea.
Life insurance policlee.
i Chattel mortgagee. ,
i Undivided interest*. " , C
1 Goods in bond.
Legacies.
Second and third mortgagee.
Estates in probata.
Life estate*,
i Rents.
Special department for loan* to ladle* oa
their notes,
i Private offlcea for ladlea and gentlemen,
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO
-21 Stockton St., near Market.
2d floor. Phone Buah 484.
! AAAA—THE Portland Jewelry Co. win make
you very liberal loans on your diamond*.
aeaUkin or any valuable* at the low rate of
two (2) per cent per month; if you do not
wish to call, phone us (phone Buah 484) and
the manager of our loan department will call
on you; all business strictly confidential
i 25 STOCKTON ST., NEAR MARKET."
Private offices at 21 Stockton at., 2d floor.
I N. B.—The only loan office west of New
York that haa a fire and burglar proof vault
| on the premises; free use of same to all cus
tomers.
| —MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY "AMOUNT TO LOAN .7.
INTEREST 6>4 AND 6 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
! PROPERTY
Second mortgagee, life Insurance policies, es
tate* in probate, undivided Interests In prop
erty, probate realty loans, atocka and bonds,
legacies and undivided lnteresta in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; prone Main 5924.
AAA—HERMAN MURPHX ~~
601-602-003 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment*.
Save expense* by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter
ests, aseignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided ln
teresta in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL - LOAN ' '
A reasonable amount on
Ist. 2d or 3d
Mortgages, on real aetata.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Intereat.
Give full particular*
of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223. Call office.
SALARY LOANS— ——»
Money loaned salaried people without secur
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on dlamonda. Jewelry at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
I 978 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market and 27 Third.
' A —ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate;
lFt or 2d mortgages or on any aecurlty; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer
chants, teamsters boarding-houses, without
security; easy pa.- -"ents: large business in 48
principal cities. TULMAN, 553 Parrott bldg.
I ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal; other security; fairest
| rates; strictly confidential; no commis. N*
tlonal Credit Co., 500 Donohoe bid.. 8 Taylor.
! MONEY to loan at low intereit; gold, eilver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
| at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth at.
PRIVATE—Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan C 0..523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commisaion; no publicity; 825 up; quick.
private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security. The Whit*
■ Co.. 420 California st., rooma 14 and 18.
SALARIED people on note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
MONEY loaned on dlamonda, watches. Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.. 722 Mkt.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
ua. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Say. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds A Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
S% ON furniture & pianos; $16 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81, 6 Eddy at.
CASH loaned salaried people on notea without
lndoraer. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
MONEY WABTED,
WANTED —To borrow from private party
email amount, good interest, on city real es
tate. Sunaet district. Box 3732. Call.
CAPITAL wanted to back builder of flata arte
amall houses. 486 Parrott building.
FOR good' mortgage loana, $300 to $16,000. DtJ
RAY SMITH, broker, 426 Tenth. Oakland.
MUSICAL INBTBIJMENTB.
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS.
1 Haake $38: 1 Decker. $48; 1 Stoddard, flltf
1 Fischer, $125.
ALSO
1 Sterling. 1 Stelnway. 1 Cartas; 1 Toe*, t
Weber 1 Haines, and many other*. Easy pay
ments. BENJ. CURTAZ * SON, 16 O'Far
rell st.
A GREAT opportunity—We are closing out
our entire Seattle stock in S. F. at price*
never heard of before: all make*; your
terms are our terma; rente $2 up; allowed If
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO., 285 23T
Geary St.. S. F.; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
PARTY must sell large Stelnway upright; coat
$700; price $285; will accept payments; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. IS
per month; one year's rental allowed If par*
chaaed. SCOTT-CURTAE, 560 Hayes at.
$00% UPRIGHT; one $30 upright; on* good
square. $20. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister at.
A SMALL Stelnway upright; coat $600; $188
takes It. 237 Geary at.
FISCHER upright; coat $860; will sell forB9B.
237 Geary at.
ELEGANT uprlghta.new A 2d-hand.s4s to $600."
Pierces Piano Factory. Market and 14th *t*.
SOHMER Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan plaza*
player. BYRON MAUZY. 808-312 Post at.
NEW upright piano* sold on $5 monthly pay
ments. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister at,
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Checkering baby grand:
Shoninger. little used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
ATO raLOWg,
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st.: phone South 216.
OPTICES ASP STOKES TO LET.
LARGE store to let for storage. 432 Fifth
street.
STORE to lease at 111 Ellis st. Apply at
barber shop. <
EAJST—EES WANTED.
WANTED —Lady partner with amall capital;
fine chance; one with office expert en oe pre
ferred; investigate. Box 3475, Call office.
$250 INVESTED will clear $80 weekly witbtn
30 days; legitimate: investigate. 3457. Call.
PHYSICIANS AND STJEOEONS.
DR C. C. O'DONNFLL —Office and residence.
10211,3 Market St.. bet. fith and 7th; particu
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal disease* a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073U Market at.
REMOVED —DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treata all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo
cated at 607 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO the famoua herb doctor—All dis
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay at.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
"positively cured: new method*; one week*
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngbam, 9 Powell.
j*or~. Additional Classified Advertise
ments Se e Page 38.
8738
GRACE i BUKCH, California »t.. corner of
mockUm St R*v. Lavid J. Lvhjis. rector.
< vlei»r»iio«i of Holy Communu>n. 8 a. m.
M V \ in* service, litany and second celebra-
X n.ing ser to oftertory Angel Ga
'l.rlei " Stevenson. Monthly musical festival
X- iVice ' p.-, gramme will consist of Chriat
• M anthem, --arola and old year rOaeJem.
! iting Out Wild Bells." Tennyff f Cho P m.
; < irgantat and choir master. V* ILLIAM H
' ■ HOLT, j
TRINITY Caere*, corner Bush and Gough sts..
Rev Frederick W. Clampett. D.D.. rector
: Hoy Communion. 7:30 a. m. Sunday scnool.
:io a m. Morning service and Holy Com
munion, n o'clock. Be n ic Sr ot S
-•clock. The rector will preach at both
.' services.
UNITARIAN Church .First). SW. J- or
.• and Franklin st*.. Rev. Braufcrd l^ av '";
Minister-Junior churcb and f UDd . a
are at 10 o clock. Rev. Bradford Levitt
and C. A. Murdock, aupts. Sunday service Is
at 11 O'clock. There is no evening ««r*jce.
Mr. Leavitt will rreach. subject A New
Year's Sermon " Music by quartet, under
direction of H. Bretherick, organist. All
are cordially
UNITARIAN "church (Second), cor. Twentieth
and Canp =ta (Take Mission or \ alencla
mtM car )-C Calvert Smoot. minister; resl
• .Vnce 3470 Twentieth st. The Sunday school
meets' at » <5 o'clock; Mrs. L. A. Covel.
superintendent At the morning service, at
It o'clock C. Calvert Smoot will preach;
■ Mibject 'Yesterday, To-day and To-mor
row " Vocal and inatrumentol music, under
. the direction of Profeasor H. 13. P*
■ Musical selections from Mendelssohn. All
cordially Invited. No evening service. j
FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, corner
Poet and Mason sts.—Rev. George ( . Adams.
• D.D. pastor, will preach at 11 a. m : topic.
' "New Every Morning.' Baptltm of childien.
reception of members and Holy Commun.on.
■At 7:45 p m.. a musical service; the Christ
mas oratorio cf "The Nativity" will be re- •
peated, by request. Al! are cordially invited.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post sC,
bet. Buchanan and Webster—Rev. I. C.
Meserve. D.D., pastor. Morning worship at
-11.' preceded by Sunday school at 9:30 a. m.
<~hristlan Endeavor meeting at 6:45 p. m.
Evening worship at 7:45. The choir will
sing the antheros. "O, Praise the Lord '
(Goss) and "O Taste and See How Gracious
the Lord Is" (Sullivan). The pastor will
speak m themes appropriate to New Year's
day both mornins and evening. All are ,
welcome.
TH'RD CONGREGATIONAL
teenth bl, near Mission. Rev. William
Rader pastor, residence. 297 Church st .
. corner Fifteenth. At 11 a. m.. "The End
of the Year." At 7:30 p. m.. "The Ladder
of Life" (a New Year's sermon). Services
'! will be held each evening during the week,
except Saturday. Public invited.
SIMPSON Memorial M. E. Church, comer of
' Hayes and Buchanan sts —The pastor, James
H. N. Williams, will preach at 11 a. m.
on "From Four View Points." and at 7:30 j
p. tn. en "Our Assets." These are New Year
■ ti>plce. Sunday school at 12:30 (noon); C
B. Porkins, superlntendert. Epworth League
.' at 6:30 p. m.; Marcus Walts, president.
CENTIIAI"m. F CHURCH, Mission street,
between Sixth end Seventh. The pastor. Dr.
•George W. White, will at the morning ser
• vice give another in the seriea of sermons
. -on 'the question. "Is the Apostle's Creed
• Obsolete?'' In the everdne he will give a
New Year's sermon. Sunday school at 12:45,
•.Rolla V. Watt, superintendent. Young Peo
.' ple'e meeting at G:l5. with topics referring
• "-to the season. Good music. AH welcome;
• eea'ts free.
California street methodist
CHURCH, comer California and Broderick
ma. The pastor. Rev. George A. Hough,
• "will preach morning and evening to-day.
•" Special music and a cordial welcome to all.
' Sunday school at 9:45. Epworth League at
• - fi:3o : Special services will be held each
evening of the week except Saturday.
FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, Van Ness
.' aye. and Sacramento st. Rev. W. Kirk Guth
•'. Rle, pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p.
m. The pastor will rreach at both eervicea.
The evening service will be under the aus
-.- pices of the St. Andrew's Society. Sabbath
school, 9:45 a. m. Christian Endeavor, 6:15
•p. m. and 6:15 p. m. Wednesday, 8 d. m.,
• midweek service. All are cordially Invited.
"CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, cor
. ner Jackson and Fillmore sts. Rev. John
.. rterophill. D.D., pastor. Morning service at
jl 6"clock. Sermon topic, "Power for Service
in 1005." Evening service at 7:30 o'clock.
• Sermon -topic. "Dr. Abbott's God vs. the
God of the Bible." The yastor will preach
kt both services. Sabbath school at 9:30 a.
—. Christian Endeavor meeting at 6:16 p.
m. Prayer meeting Wednesday evening at 8
• o'clock. The Jennie Dunn memorial window
• will be unveiled at 10:30 a. m. In the Sun
• day school.
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH. 320 Eddy st. Rev.
■ J. W. Henry will preach at 11 a. m . and
7:30 p. m. Communion service follows the
morning; sermon. Bible achool. 12:30 p. m.
Christian Endeavor meeting. 6:30 p. m.
Prayer meeting Wednesday. 7:45 p. m., led
by. Mr. Charles A. Keyser. All cordially
Invited to these services.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
'. block. 223 Sutter St.. bet. Kearny and Grant
.. aye.—Christian Science aervlce at 11 a. m.;
subject of leeson-sermon. "Life." Sunday
vchooV for children at the same hour; Wed
• nesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock: free
. reading-room. 206 Kearny St., rooms 509-510:
• all. are welcome.
.THE People's Church meets Sunday evenings
tn Elks' Hall. 223 Sutter St., at 8 p. m.
' " Pubjeet this evening, "The Angel of 1905.'
: -Pastor Mrs. Anna L. Gillespie, reaidence 631
: Van Ncsa aye.
A MIRAGE for men—The Hon. THOMAS B.
WALKER of Minneapolis. Minnesota, will
speak to men at the Young Men's Christian
Association. Mason and Ellis streets, to-day
.at 3 o'clock. His theme will be "The
• Principles and Methods of Successful Busi
ness Men." Music by Robeon'a orchestra.
All - men are Invited.
SPECIAL Bible address Monday afternoon at
.3 o'clock in the hall, 17 City Hall square.
. near Market st. • H. A. Ironalde, evangelist.
. - Seata free; all welcome.
TiISTEDDFOD Oakland, postponed until Feb
■ ruary 2£, 1905
MEETINGS—SUNDAY.
A—MRS. HARLAND'S New Year test circle
to-night; also Mon. eve.. 10c. 148 Sixth at.
A—-MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14, Gait House.
MME. YOUNG'S New Year's messages to
night; Mrs. Seal lecture; 619 McAllister; 10c.
ALHAMBRA Theater, Jan. 8. 8 p. m. ■ "Some
. -.Objections to Socialism." A. M. Lewis; free.
.FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister St.— Mrs.C.
• -J.Meyer; sit. daily: teats to all every eve., 10c.
ARTHUR HOWE replies to 'Pa!mage on
uallsm; room 8, cor. 7th-Market; 2 p.m.;free.
TRUTH aeekers, Agnes Bacon, others, lecture;
tests, free; Foresters' bid., 102 O'Far.; 8 pm.
•MEETING Scottish Hall, 8 p. m.; Maxwell,
Wrenn. Hovet. Samuels. Wilson. McKee.
W~ G. KERGAN holds a test seance every
. . night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth st.
TESTS—I. O. O. F, bldg.. Remembranc# Hall
2, free. Wilson; 7:30, Hargrave. 10c.
MEETINGS—THEOSOPHIOAL.
•THE Theoaophlcal Society. Academy of Science.'
Hall—Public lecture, 8 p. m.. by Miss Ivy
Anderson; subject, "Occultism and the Occult
Arts."
MEETlNGS—Universal Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophlcal
Society (Katherlne Tingley, leader and offi
cial head). San Francisco center 912 Bush
st.; free public meeting to-night, 8 o'clock.
• SUNDAY LBCTTJBES.
DR. JOHN A. KERGAN'S free lecture this
• evening, Electricians" Hall 35 Eddy st.
Subject: "How to Live;" followed by views
of a visit to BDaln; free tickets will be dis
tributed for X-ray exhibition at Sanitarium
• Tuesday evening; remember the question box.
Special music.
UNION SQUARE HALL. 421 Post—Austin
Lewis will commence course of lectures on
the' "Evolution of Industry," Jan. 8, at 3
p. m.: subject of first lecture, "General
Laws of Industrial Growth." General ad
mlFSicn. 10 cents.
XAA—"NOW" lecture, Henry Harrison Brown
subject. "The New Year'e Gift"- a new
thought lecture, appropriate to the aeason;
Qdd Fellows' bldg., cor. 7th and Market sts.,
S p. m. sharp; music; classes Tues., Jan. 3.
ARTHUR MORROW LEWIS. Academy of Scl
i rces, Thursday evening, 8 o'clock, "The
i'ru-.h About Socialism and Religion"; 10c.
VEDANTA Society—Swaml Trigunatita's now
series of lectures commence next Sunday;
watch.
DR. UOLLiNGE. subject. "Mating": Welcome
. Hall. Odd Fellows' bldg.. 8 p. m.
AUTOMOBILES.
KXAP: $075; 1904 model A Cadillac; used
about 0 months; $75 worth of extras; in ab-
KOtUtely perfect condition; owner buying
larger car. Call or write 675 Thirty-sixth
kt.. Oakland.
WANTED —An automobile of good make and
muat be In good condition. Box 3403. Call.
WANTED—To buy automobile for two persons.
Box 3397. CalL
MEETING EOTICES. _ j
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M — 25
Office - I and members are hereby njt l - jCjT
fled to attend the funeral SUNDAY. /V\
Jan. i, 1905, 10:30 a. m., of our de
ceased brother. EDWARD MUNRO BROWN,
late a member of Calaveras Lodge No. 78,
Cal. By order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
, — 1 "■ i
UNITY LODGE, No. 131, L O. O. !
F. Installation of officers Tues-
day evening, Jan. 3. Visitors *3!s_K3>jF
welcome. Hall Sixteenth and
Valencla ats. E. H. ANDREWS, N. o.
A. P. BUTTON, Recording Secretary. j
— — ;
CLAN Fraaer No. 78, O. S. C. will
celebrate the 145 th anniversary of WjKM
the birth of ROBERT BURNS by e__aF'A
concert and dance in Native Sons' aiv.
Hall. 414 Mason st.. on TUESDAY _M~
EVENING. Jan. 24; oration by ■»* a
CHAS. MILLS GAYLEY. Litt.D.. LL .!>..
professor of English languages and litera.- ,
ture. University of California; characteristic
tableaux from Burns' workE; choral singing
by 200 clansmen in costume; Burns' songs by
well-known artists; the concert to be fol
lowed by dancing; music by Fairgrieve; ad- ;
mission 50c. children 25c COMMITTEE. \
CLAN Fraser No. 78. O. S. C — -rS;? !
Officers and members are request- fc-_B
ed to attend the funeral of odr <mH~.
late clansman MALCOLM C. i
FERGUSON from the funeral par- JJVV
lor* of Halsted A Co., Mission st.,
near Fifth. TO-DAY, January 1. at 1 p. m. ,
Interment. Mount Olivet Cemetery. By |
order of tba chief, THOS. A. MI NRO. i
ALEX KING. Secretary.
ST. ANDREW'S Society-Rev. Wil- lOhk
Ham Kirk Guthrie, chaplain of the -3V &y/J
society, will deliver a special ad
dress at 7:30 SUNDAY EVENING,
January I. 1906. in the First Presbyterian
Church, corner Van Ness aye. and Bgcra- ,
memo at.; all Scottish people are cordially j
invited. j
HARMONY. L. O L.. No 127
meets in Red Men's Hall, 220 Jfyf
Golden Gate aye., on the first and
third FRIDAYS in each month. j
D. F. THOMPSON, W. M.
MODERN Woodmen of America, Good- '.
fellowship Camp 0633. M. W. of A.. I \
meets every MONDAY NIGHT at liXl
Electricians' Hi.ll. 35 Eddy St., city, T
W. H. EDWARDS. V. C.
W. J. ELLIOTT. Clerk; office, room 627 !
Emma Spreckels building. j
THE California Debria Commission, having
received applications to mine by hydraulic i
process from B. G. Smith and S. H. Robin -
aon, in Celtic and Monterey gravel mine, at
Columbia, Tuolumne County, Cal., draining i
into Mormon Creek, which reachea Stanis
laus River; from J. F. Schlnller, In Council
Hill mine, near Scales, Siena County, Cal.,
dralnine into Rock Creek, which reachea
Yuba River; from J. B. Stewart, in Stewart
mine, near Oleta, Amador County. Cal.,
draining into Indian Creek, which reaches
Conaumnea River; from W. and G. W. Car
penter and Vie Henderson, In Independence
hydraulic mine, near lowa Hill. Placer
County, Cal.. draining Into Independence
Creek, which reaches North Fork of Ameri
can River; from Gold Top Mining Co., In
Orchard placer mine, near Pine Grove, Am
ador County, Cal., draining Into Jackson
Creek, which reaches Mckelumne River, and
from Victor. Frank and Joseph Dondero, In
Gold Nugget mine, near Columbia, Tuolumne
County, Ca!., draining Into Woods Creek,
which reaches Tuolumne River, gives notice
that a meeting to receive any protests will
he held at room 68. Flood building, San
Francisco, Cal.. Jan. 9, 1905, at 1 :-30 p. m.
THE California Debris Commission, having re
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic pro
cess from Wing Kee, in American Hydraulic
mine, near Port Wine, Sierra County. Cal.,
draining into Morrtstown Ravine, thence into
Y'uba River; from Jerry Curtis. In Forest
Grove mine, near Johnsvllle. Plumas County,
Cal., draining into East Nelson Creek, which
reaches Feather River: from North Star Min
ing Company, in Lancell Placer mine, near
Mokelumne Hill, Calaveras County. Cal..
draining Into Rich Gulch, which reachea
Calaveras River; and from J. A. Hartman,
In Clayton Ranch Ravine mine, near Forbes
town. Yuba County, Cal.. draining into Dry
Creek, which reaches Yuba River, gives no
tice that a meeting to receive any protests
will be held at room 68. Flood building.
San Francisco, Cal., January 16, 1905, at
1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL MEETING—The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Company will be held at the office of the
company, 126 Stockton at., at 12 o'clock,
noon, on WEDNESDAY, the 11th day of
January. 1905, for the election of directors
to aerve for the ensuing year and for the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Nevada National Bank of San Fran
cisco, Cel., will be held at lta banking
hcuse, 301 Montgomery at. San Francisco.
Cel.. on TUESDAY. January 10. 1908,
at 8:18 p. m., for the election of directors to
serve during the ensuing year, and for tha
transaction of such other business as may
ccme before the meeting.
GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
December 10. 1904.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS make 500 per cent profit aelllng
"Novelty Sign Cards"; merchants buy 10 to
100 on alsht; 800 varieties; catalogue free.
Sullivan Co.. 1189 Maidewood aye., Chicago.
WE pay $18 a week and expenses to men with
rigs to Introduce poultry compound: year's
contract. Imperial Mfg. Co., Dept. 54, Par-
Eons, Kans.
RESIDENT agents In all Pacific Coast towns
to sell general cleaning requisite. S. AD
DERLEY, 307 Market st.
PERFUMES, cosmetics, flavoring powders.
Pacific Agents Supply Co., 1220 Treat aye.
ASTBOLOQT.
ASTOR. famous N. Y. astrologer: man of abil
ity; advice: lessons; mail readings. 997 Mkt.
ATTOKNEYB-AT-LAW.
A FRAUDULENT divorce Is dear at $12 and
la no good; for 22 yeara I've made divorces
a specialty; quick, quiet; no money needed;
no pay unless divorce Is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free; collections
made. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market at.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-law, Exam. bldg..
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 20
years; all courts, general court and office
practice: no feea In advance or for consulta
tion; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AA —Divorce; costs $12; quiek,qulet;advlce free;
all law buslneaa; no charge unless success
ful; open evenings. 927 Market st.. room 301.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs In advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market at., r. 33.
JOHN GUIDERY. attorney-at-law, rooma 3
and 4, 240 Montgomery st.; phone Red 8617.
L 6. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304; consulta
tion free; no feea In advance; open evenings.
ASTHMA GTJBE.
DI NOLA'S Aathma Remedy relieves inatantly;
10c 25c. 50c. 1602 Market, St. Nicholas,
also Wlshart, 10th and Washington, Oakland
- gj mmmmmmm T 1 JL'— sa
BOARDING EOH CHILDREN.
MAN and wife will board child and treat as
their own; yard; sunny rooms. 2132 O'Far
rell St.; tel. West 2122.
CHILDREN to board. 640 A Natoma st.
A LADY would like a baby to care for. Box
3701. Cal! office.
WANTED —To board and room a child. 118
Page st.
CHILDREN boarded; sunny; yard; best of ref
erences. 3771 Twentieth st.
LADY would like to board children. Box
3702, Call cfflee.
WANTS to take care of an Infant; good care.
282 Turk st., MRS. WEBER.
CARFET BEATIHG AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and ruga also cleaned by compressed
air at shop: prices moderate. S. F. Com
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market at.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING S Pioneer Carpet-beat
ing works.3ss-367 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. ISO 9 Har
rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE
DORN A CO.; phone Mission 225.
CARPETS cleaned and laid: furniture moved,
packed, shipped by GIBBLOW, 608 Larkin st.;
phone East 746.
MICHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.—First-claaa
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH A CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reaaonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
CHEAPEST and best In America —The Weekly
rail. 18 pagea. sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1. ;
; ostngg paid.
CBDDTT CLOTHZEHS.
C. F. ADAMS CO.,
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us and have it charged.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1905.
I BUSINESS CHANCES. -
A—f2Soo: CORNER saloon on California at.;
rent $70; old established business and good
paving place; .fine fixtures; large stock; a
I bargain. Call R. O. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
A—sl2oo; ROADHOCSE; 4 furnished rooms;
rent $00; lease; shuffleboard; place estab
i '.lshed many yeara; best location on San Mi
i teo road. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
' A—sl2oo; FRUIT and produce stand in leading
market; doing a business of $100 per day; 3
horses, 2 wagons; a splendid offer and rare
I chance. Call R. G, WILKE, 26% Kearny.
! A—$800; RESTAURANT and chophouse; close
to 2 carhouses; 5 rooms; rent $33; established
years; doing a first-class business; investi
gate; this la a good business and a bargain.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
i A—s4ooo: BAKERY and confectionery, estab
lish oil many years, baking 7 barrels per day;
C horses, wagons and buggy; one of the beat
n) this city. See R. G. WILKE, 26*4 Kearny.
A—s36o; well established real eatate office in
Napa Co.: office doing a good business; haa
valuable contracts; clearing about $150; par- l
j tlculara. R. O. WILKE, 26% Kearny at. i
1 A—s7so; HALF Interest in manufacturing bust- ]
ness; established 10 years; partner can clear j
I $150 ttaey per month; rare chance. R. G. 1
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
I A—slsoo; tea and coffee store, crockery, etc.; •
! estab. years; stock Invoice to about $2500; i
I owner engaged in business In Arisona; must 1
sacrifice. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26*4 I
Kearny at. j
i A—s3oo; HARDWARE, locksmith and electrl- j
i cal repair shop: established 26 yeara; beat
! local ion. Particulara R. G. WILKE, 26%
I Ktarny.
! A—$1800; SALOON on water front, cloee to
Market at.: net rent $120; place established ,
many years and known aa a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE. 2b % Kearny, j
A—s9oo; BAKERY with delicatessen store, ice
cream parlor; in very best location; will b»
sacrificed; owner must leave at once for New
York; rent $20. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
i Kearny et.
i A—s3soo; LIQUOR store, with 6 years' lease;
, $2000 stock guaranteed; 1 block north of
! Market; a very rare chance. Call on R. G.
! WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
I A—$1800; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
i daily receipts $50; rent $80; lease; place lo
cated close to Market and a good business,
j Call on R. G. WILKE. 2t>% Kearny at.
j A—sl2oo; OLD-EBTAB. dyeing and cleaning
works; 3 horses; 4 wagona; net rent $20;
place estab. for many years and haa a largs
patronage; a good paying business. Call on
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny at.
A—$1000; HOTEL; a flrat-clasa paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen, with 3-year
lease; close to carhouae and other factories.
Bee R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT for sale, in the best
mining town in the State of Nevada; dally
receipts. $150; opposite the round house; no
better paying proposition in Nevada. Partlc
ulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
$600 —WILL take partner in a good paying, j
nicely furnished coffea parlor and restau
rant; lease; or owner will aell for $1100;
part on time. See R. O. WILKE, 26
Kearny st.
A—s7ooo; BAKERY, one of the best In city;
monthly sales $6000; splendid chance for two
partners; not all cash necessary. Particulara
see R. q. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A—s2soo; HOTEL in Sonoma Co.; 20 furn.
rooms; dining and bar room, bus, 2 horses,
cow. etc., and 7 acres of land; 5 yeara' lease;
rent $60. or owner will sell whole property
tor $12,000. Particulara R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A—sl76o; CORNER grocery and bar. with $
living rooms, on Sacramento st; 4% years'
lease; rent $45; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKE. 26 % Kearny st.
$550 —RESTAURANT; very best location; rent
$60; close to Kearny and Buah; good-paying
Investment; investigate. Call on R. Q.
WILKE. 20% Kearny at.
A—s23so; COAL, wood, hay and grain bual- |
ness; 3 horses, 3 wagons; net rent $34:
place established years; very best loca
tion; a good cash business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—$800; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis
trict; no night or Sunday work; aaloon es
tab. 20 yeara and known as a good bual
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s246o: CORNER grocery and bar, 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash busi
ness; location can't be beat; value In sight.
See R. G. WILKE, Kearny at.
A—s26oo; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block frcm Examiner building; place estab
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulara ace R. G.
WILKE. 28% Kearny at.
A—s3soo; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
at.; rent $60; living rooma; stock will in
voice about $2800; a well established and
first-class paying buslneaa. See R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny at.
A—
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF yqu wish to buy or aell property of any
description do not fall to call upon us; we
may have just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH,
Removed James building.
Rooms 874, 876 and 878.
$10,000 —Market-st.aaloon; elegantly fitted up;
excellent location: 5-year lease; reasonably
low rent; $2500 Al atock; cleara not less than
$350 per month; owner must sell on account
of other business; Investigate this; grand
place. R. E. CALLAHAN, 26 Montgomery.
$250—HALF Interest In old established busi
ness to reliable man. P. C. LASSEN & CO.,
466 Tenth st., Oakland.
FOR sale on royalty basis, selling rights In
ten Pacific Coast States—Valuable Inven
tion; absolute necessity In every household;
fairly weU introduced In this city: estimated
yearly business In California over $200,000;
good Investment. Box 3712. Call office.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; large
barn; full value In sight; best locality across
the bay; this Is a genuine offer. For full
particulars call HANSEN & LESS, 1108
Webster st.. Oakland.
STOCK or bond Issue reputable corporation:
mining. Industrial or railroad, wanted; have
every facility for selling same on commis
sion, give particulars. P. O. box 1463 New
York at it .
AN income for the family: dividends that will
please you. Address International Lumber
& Development Co. (assets $13,000,000),
Drexel building, Philadelphia, Pa.
$200— ACTIVE mar. wanted as partner to do
plain, light work; sure profit of $75 to each
per month. Apply 632 Market St.. room 6.
$125 WILL buy small candy, news, cigar and
grocery business combined If bought quick.
1608 Seventh St.. Alameda. Cal.
OFF ICE business.
Well established; $600 and services of right
party secures half Interest. Box 3690, Call.
WANTED —Partner with small capital for
treasurer of theatrical production; no expe
rience to buy la required. Box 3418, Call.
DELICATESSEN store on Union at.; good
neighborhood; amall business and good trade;
will aell for $300. Box 3402, Call.
WANTED"—Party of means to assist rigging
up prospecting outfit for Tonopah. Address
Miner. 1111 Sutter at.
FOR sale—Old stand, family liquor etore; low
rent; price $1260; more than value in sight
Inquire at 104 Clay at.
COMPETENT office man wlahea to Invest $500
with aervlcea; what have you? Box 3508
Call office.
WANTED—Restaurant; man with small capi
tal. 316 Grant aye. See cigar store clerk.
A GOOD living; $1200; retiring from buainess;
second-hand book store. 1250 Mission st.
WANTED—Party with small capital for a
good road show. Box 3470. Call office.
GROCERY, $1800; clean standard stock. Ad
dress R. S. V. P., Palo Alto, Cal.
WANTED —A small chicken ranch In Alameda
or Sonoma County. Box 3607, Call office.
. ■*
WANTED—To buy a delicatessen store; state
lowest price. Box 3298, Call.
WOULD like to purchase a cigar stand. Box
3097. Call.
WANTED—To buy a grocery store; no agents.
907 Market at., room 212.
FOR sale, or will take partner, aaloon and 15
rooma; last chance. 212 Eaet st.
TO lease—Good country hotel, 40 to 60 rooms.
Box 8202. Call.
CIGAR stand for aale; reaaonable. Apply 31
Fourth st.
STEAM laundry for sale In a large coast
town; the only steam laundry In town; the
plant In first-class condition. Address box
3723, Call office.
$100 —GOOD business; man or woman. Box
3724. Call office.
CIGAR stand for aale. 468 Seventh at., Oak
land.
SNAP—SSOO; good laundry route for sale; full
investigation. Box 3703, Call office.
SALOON for aale; $2500. Box 3706, Call.
I
A—CAMERON A CO. Phone South 1060.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all klnda of business chances.
For sale—2So acres, all tillable land: 2 mllea
from R. P. R. R ; 20 mllea from coast, on
main line between S. F. and Los Angeles;
San Luiß Oblsjo County; In rich valley of
Hueno River; deep, rich loam aoll, 6 feet
deep; 80 acres of this Is little rolling, but
easily cultivated; no house or barn; flne ,
well of water, refused $10,000 ahort while
ago; price now $8000, as must leave coast.
Here la an opportunity of getting one of the '
beat groceriea and bars in city; flne transfer
corner; downtown and doing big bualneas: ;
cheap rent; 5 years' leaae; receipts average
$1800 to $2000 per month; never changed
handa; beet of reasons for selling. CAM- ;
ERON A CO.
Exchangee made In all klnda of real eatate.
rooming-house and business chances. CAM
ERON A CO., 3 Eddy st.
One of the beat grocery and liquor stores; been
established for 20 years; doing flne business;
clearing 8301 to $500 per month; owner haa
made fottune and wlahes to retire from busi
ness, good horse and wagon, with complete
atock, goes for $1800; fixtures worth price
asked; present owner there 8 years.
For sale—First-class bazaar and cigar busi
ness: Al location, long leaae, cheap rent!
fixtures and stor? up-to-date; established 1.
years: flne new stock of goods; has never
changed hands; now clearing $350 and over
per month; best reason for sel,!n *: a J op
portunity of a lifetime. SEE CAMERON
A CO.
For sale—Well furnished and equipped country
hotel; 59 rooms; rent only $150: ten : year
lease; newly painted and renovated through
out; about 50 mllea from S. F.; flne. grow
ing town- present owner mad-i fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON A CO., 3 Eddy.
First-class saloon; downtown; two blocks from
Market st : rent $75; well fitted up: receipts
$18 to $26 per day; must be sold on account
of other business; price, $1600. CAMERON
A CO.
First-class ahort order restaurant, downtown:
rttttnga new and up-to-date; receipts $i 5 to
$80 per day; flne opportunity to get Al prop
osition reasonable; best of reason for sell
ing. CAMERON & CO.
For sale—First-class downtown cigar store
doing good business, but disagreement of
partners cause of sale. CAMERON A CO.
F. A. BROOKBANK. . T _
BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market St.. between Fifth and Sixth.
$350 AND services secure an interest in old
estab. office and commission business clear
ing $200 to $250 mo.; no experience required:
party must be sober and reliable and furnish
good references, as same will be tendered
him. Particulars with BROOKBANK.
$125 —PARTNER for restaurant on water
front; clearing $75 to each monthly; no night
or Sunday work. See BROOKBANK.
A PAYING grocery In Western Addition, fine
cash trade $35C0: good saloon on Turk et.,
$800: roadh'ouse on Mission road. $650; sport
ing-house In country, only one in town, at
invoice; coffee and lunch house on Market
St., $1000; cigar store on Eddy at.. $400;
fine hotel In Pajaro Valley. $2500; businesses
of _ kinds sold and exchanged. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
TO meet man with small capital to operate
new Insurance scheme. Box 8715, Call office.
FOR sale —Good restaurant; at once. 141 East
street.
A BAZAAR and stationery store aa a wholo •
or part; or fixtures alone; to suit purchaser;
good location; 4 living rooms. 1915 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep- |
tion of advertisements and aubscriptlons haa
been opened at 1008 Market at., opposite
Fifth. Open until ll p. m.
A—CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1060. '
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell. )
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and j
All Kinds of Business Chances.
For sale. 4 years' lease and buslneaa of 27- {
room northeast corner houae, well and com
pletely furnished and equipped boarding house;
swellest location in city; tull permanent, fnst
clafs people; on account of departure soon ,
opportunity 1b offered to start In business for
the small inveatment of $500.
High-grade family hotel on the hill; ele
gantly furnished; haa 80 light and sunny j
rooms; always full and clears a flne Income, |
bu: sickness la only cause for being on the
market; good chance for some one to get pay
ing investment at sacrifice.
Big snap; 31-room apartment houae; rent
only $4 per room; well furniahed and clearing !
$90 per month, will ortly take $650 cash, bal
ance time; price, $950.
24 beautifully furnished rooma; new houae; i
new furniture; modern and up to date; com- \
pleted leas than 2 months: close In; sudden j
Illness in family causes sole chance to get i
brand new house as cheap as old one. Owner
Blck tn bed; rare opporeunlty.
First-class Investment where you can earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of $4500 In 46
-room house; rent only $125 per month: choice
location on Sutter st.; always full; best of oak
furniture; good carpets; sickness only reason
for selling.
Swell family hotel on Sutter at.: beautifully
furniahed; always full; there are 80 rooms;
rent only $425: obliged to leave city; will be
sold at half cost to furnish.
Grand, new. modern apartment-house; beau
tiful building; elegantly furnished; good long
lease with eheas rent: only 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny st.; haa 180 rooms and pays $500
to $600 per month; always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had if taken at once.
This Is a fine opportunity for come one with ■
$1000 cash to get 26 rooms well furnished In
oak and cherry< everything in first-class shape
and clears $85 above all expenses; leaves 3
rooms for landlady; balance can be paid out
of house.
Beautiful new building; grand entrance;
electric elevator, Itghts; steam heat; 60 light
and sunny rooms,' elegantly furnished; spacious
halls; draperies and fittings or tne best; where
you can have an exquisite home besides clear
ing $300 r>er month above all expenses; close
in; cheap rent ani long lease; this house is
always full of beat people; sickness causes
aale; exclusively with us. |
Nice little house of 16 rooms, with good fur
niture and carpets; rent only $66; must dis
pose next ten days*; make offer.
One of the best 28-room transient houses in
city; fine corner; good location; newly fur
nished; fine condition, and If taken at once
can be got at a bargain; oniy requires $600
cash down, balance can be paid out of houws.
Will clear $150 to $200 every month; haa 2
years' lease; owner obliged to leave city.
Rare bargain can be got In a beautifully
furnished 100-room down town house, carpets,
furniture and dranerles of the beat; building
and furnlahtnga less than 2 years; electric
elevator, Itghts, steam heat; everything mod
ern and up-to-date; cheap rent; owner com
pelled to leave city on account of other busi
ness; bargain of a lifetime; exclusively.
Here la a nice little home of 12 well fur
nished rooma; rent only $60; where you can
clear $50 per month and have 2 beat rooms;
Van Ness aye.; only $850.
70-room country' hotel; best Interior town In
State; barroom, 2 dining rooms and 5-room
cottage besides; rent $100 per month; can get
10 years' lease; brick building; everything fine
condition; flne business proposition.
Beautifully furnished 6-room modern fiat;
new 6 months ago; rent only $25; flne location;
coat over $900; to be sold for $400; departure.
Choice RO-room downtown European hotel;
strictly first class and thoroughly respectable;
every equipment; modern and up to date; al
ways full and clears $350 to $400 per month;
best reasons for selling; with us exclusively.
New. modern 8-rcom upper flat; choice loca
tion on Ellia; mahogany, birdseye maple fur
niture; Axmlnster and velvet carpets; cost
$2200 to furnish; will be sold at one-half cost
on account of buying larger house.
14-room house, furnished In oak and mahog
any; good carpets; first-class location: all full
and clearing nice little salary every month;
you can get it for $GOO cash.
16 rooma well located on Eddy at.; rent only
$66: oak and cherry furniture: clears $75:
leaves 3 best rooms for landlady; everything
first-class condition; here la a flne home com
bined with nice little business; part down, bal
ance as you make It.
Rare chance4o get choice 7-room flat: rent,
including garbage and janitor service, $40 per
month: furnished in mahogany and oak; beat
body Brussels carpets: new 1 year and cost
$800 to furbish: will sell for $460 on account
of leaving city.
We have a number of special bargains in
flats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern: can
be had for less than half ccat to furnish:
must be sold, either account of alckness or
departure.
Have large list of real estate, hotela. room
ing houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Bddr St.
FOR SALE—Lodging house. 26 housekeeping
rooms; gas ranges, etc.; house full ail the
time: will sell at ence for $1700. Address
liox 3502. Call office.
NEW FIRM-FISHER A Fllm
SuceetKTß to Mitchell A Co. In rooming
housas. hotela and ilats. James Flood bldg..
Powell and Market; r. 430. Phone Main 3364.
LODGING-HOUSES ?OB SALE—Con.
REMOVED Jan. 1. 1906.
REMOVED.
MARION GRIFFIN
Has removed from the Hearst building to suite
801, near elevators,
JAMES FLOOD BUILDING,
Corner of Market and Powell sts., opposite
Emporium.
Free list Of
HOTELS AND ROOMING-HOUSES.
of 68 rooms; 7
-33.
Fashionable room- year lease. In
'.ng-house of 38 come $430 over
rooms, on Sutter rent. Modern \
st. Furnishings building Price,
oott $6010. Every- $5700. Terma % j
thing is * cash.
FIRST CLASS. See
All the roomers MARION
must give ac- GRIFFIN.
ceptable refer-
ences. House is
full. Profit la ex- 19.
actly $187 month- Draw $200 in gold
ly. Owing to im- out of the bank
mediate departure and let the bal
from city price Is ance of youi
J3500. money stay there •
until you haVe
See given this 19
- house a j
MARION thorough trial.
Price $1600. re-
GRIFFIN. duced
—to $1200—
Too pay $200
down and we
154. back you for a
Clean profit $"96 thousand: house
monthly in a oar- located In busi- ,
tlally furnished ness center, north
154-room house. of Market st. Foe
Price $7500: lEt this holiday snap
payment $2000.
See
See
' MARION
MARION
GRIFFIN.
GRIFFIN.
16.
24. * THINK rapidly I
Transient house. and act quickly ,
near Market St.; on this 16-room
clears $125 to $200 house; north of
monthly. The net Market in a quiet,
profit for 1904 up respectable neigh
to Christmas was borhood.
exactly $1506. —Rent $30—
owner desires to Price put down to
leave S. F. at —$500—
once. For $500 Terms, V 4 cash ■
first payment will and $10 monthly.
put you in pos-
session. See
See MARION
MARION GRIFFIN,
GRIFFIN. Suite 801,
JAMES FLOOD
85. Building.
READER, see No
85. IF YOU ARE Cor. Market and
AMBITIOUS to Powell.
MAKE MONEY
take a little time
and examine this 9.
grand corner CORNER house. 9
house of 85 rooms rooms, for $350; j
large, airy and on Sutter st.
most beautifully —RENT $45—
sunny rooms. All INCOME
well furnished and $90 monthly. I
full of roomers: All large rooms;
rent $4 60 per all sunny rooms;
room: 4-year new furnishings,
lease; owner out —Cost $741 —
Of city: make Will show the bills
your own offer to THIS Is a
SNAP
MARION for the
Glad NEW YEAR
GRIFFIN, Owner la away.
House runs Itself.
Suite 801. No work. j
The roomers
JAMES FLOOD are high class.
Building, MARION
Cor. Market and GRIFFIN,
Powell.
Suite 801,
JAMES FLOOD
100.
E L E G A NTLY Building.
furnished house of
100 rooms; first- Cor. Market and
class; right down- Powell.
town; very desir-
able location;
long lease; rea- 32.
sonable rental; Bargain hunters
clears a large stop howling
amount of money ; about high prices j
If you are looking and let me show !
ror a great busi- you my 32-room
ness proposition house on a prom- J
you have It in Inent corner; well i
this house. Exclu- furnished; abao- i
slvely lutely respectable; I
roomers all mem- i
WITH of the
"SMART SET."
MARION Lease if desired;
. you'll find no
GRIFFIN. fault with th c
Suite 801, price; it's almost
a gift. Get full
JAMES FLOOD particulars of my
only agent,
Building.
MARION
Cor. Market aiid
Powell. GRIFFIN,
in the NEW
JAMES FLOOD
68.
Dependable h tuae Building.
FOR sale—Lodging and boarding houae and 19
sunny rooms; electric lights; reasonable. 121
Drumm st.
COUNTRY newspaper properties for sale:
dally, weekly. W. F. CORNELL & CO.. 518
Sacramento st.
10 ROOMS and bath, cheap; good location; low
rent; Income. 817 Post et.
23 ROOMS; sunny corner; light; rent $50:
water free; lease. Afternoons, 231 Second.
Roomlasr-HoTises and Hotels For Sale.
H C. DECKER 906 MARKET BT.
H. C. DECKER PHONE JOHN 531.
SQUARE * DEALING —CLEAR TITLES.
Over 28 years selling houses In this city.
MONEY Tp LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
See the Following Bargains:
20 rooms; transient $850
56 rooms; new; flne 7500
14 rooms; only $350 cash 750
190 rooma; apartments; clears $600 9600
•15 Rooma—Corner.
Clears $100. Owner Sick.
In HoepHal. Must Sell.
Make Offer. See This Bargain
At Once.
60-Room Country Hotel, $3000.
19 rooms; rent $75; only $250 cash $750
24 rooms: all light and sunny: rent $60. 1400
20 rooms: Market St.; snap 2500
25 rooms; up-to-date hotel: swell location 3200
10-room house; new furniture 600
27-room house on Post st 2000
8 rooms: sunny corner: N. of Market st. 400
100 rooms; always rented; clears $400 8600
108 rooms: apartment; clears $400 a mo.. 8000
H. C. DECKER, 906 Market at., cor. Stockton
ING BEB^AT^tNG^
SUITS cleaned, and pressed, ft; acourlng and
dyeing. Bon Marche, Examiner bldg., r. 410:
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
dty or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 6680.
DBESSMAKEBS AND SEAMSTBESSES.
Mcdowell dressmaking
and millinery school
Reopena Jan. 3. Over 14 yeara' succeaaful work
proves our course of training la thorough and
practical. No better ayatem of cutting than
the McDowell. No better course In millinery
taught. Special rates the first week of Jan
uary. Any pattern cut to measure; evening
class. 1019 Market at., above Sixth.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew- '
art'a button and buttonhole factory,llo Taylor
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate—The Whalebone—Cannot break;
warranted 20 yra.; crowns, $3 60; fillings, SOc;
platea, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DIL LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Matket7nr.Klie venth
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old platea made ever like new; teeth
from $8 per Bet; extracting, 60c; gaa given.
GOLD fillings. 78e; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt,2o4 Sutter.
ARTHuITchTsHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r. 14.1et
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; flllinga. 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary at.
to corner Sutter et. and Grant aye.
CXAEBVOTAHTS.
A— EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY
To Conault
RICHARD MAYO
At Reduced Chargea.
Complete clairvoyant readings 60c this week.
No charare unless satisfactory.
You can be the Juda-e.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will telt you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age. occupa
tion. Hia deacriptlona of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood
before you.
LOVE. COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE
Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs,
troublea. marriages, restores lost affections,
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quarrels.
TELLS YOC WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
And how to WIN the man or woman yon
love, and how to make your husband or wife
be true to you, and how to overcome all
your enemies and how to make a person at
a diatance think of you, and how to DE
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM. THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS.
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable.
Ellis st.—42lA—Ellia at.
Hours—lo a. m. to 8 p. m. Private flat
MHE. LYNN^
The Eminent Clairvoyant—Psychlo—Mystic.
Special Reduction This Week.
Readings SOc, SOc 50c SOc 50c 50c 50c 50e 50c
Wonderful, bewildering is the work of Mme.
Lynn, whose readings are a revelation; advice
en love, marriage, courtship, business, mines;
also reunites the separated; gives secret power
to control any one in 21 days. She tells your
full name and what you want to know. All
business strictly confidential.
239 Powell at., near Geary.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
TEMPLE OF OCCULT SCIENCE.
Astral life readin—, aittlnga.
Mediums developed In thirty days.
Diseases healed by occult power; either pres
ent or at a distance.
Can aid you to obtain your desires; your
magnetic force tested free.
1015 Sutter st., San Francisco.
$10 reading.* this week $2.
Afternoons and Evenings.
MME. LANGE gives you advice by her gen
.ulne Egyptian sympathy palmiatry, spirit
ualism and crystal readings; haa the mag
netic mirror, the greatest aecreta of the
world; tella by cards; shows the picture of
your future husband. Come and convince
yourself: 50c an 1 up. Hours, 10 to 8, and
Sundays. 38 Turk st., bet. Market and Taylor.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medium, reada your life cor
j rectly. gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs in life: never failed to give satis
faction ; 25c up. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
LIVINGSTONE.
I For reliable clairvoyant reading consult
LIVINGSTONE.
26% Kearny st.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market st., San Francieco. Office hours —10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis St., clairvoyant,
crystal seer and life reader, tella you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques
tion; names given; $1; hours, 10 to 8.
MME PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
with double veil and second sight; tells past,
present, future; 1. SOc; g. by cards $1; palm-
I lstry full life read., $1. 303 Jonea, nr. Eddy.
' A—MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known
trance medium; readings dally, 10 to 5. 343
Geary at.
MME. KRONENBERG. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader: when others fall try me: read
j Ings, 25c. 324 O'Farrell st. Tel. Red 6537.
: MISS ZEMDAR, youna gifted, clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.} L. 50c,
1 G. $1; hours 10 to 9: names. 714 Franklin st.
MISS WARD. 1206 Market st. parfor 31. clair
voyant, gives nam's, dates; take elevator.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, haa
returned; sittings dally. 108 6th st.rooms 1-2
MME. MASSEAU. card reader; L. 25c, G 50c.
545 Minna st. Phone Folsom 3597.
I MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
CHEAPEST and beet In America —The Weekly
Call, 16 pagea. aent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for 1.
postage paid.
: B
! SFIHITDALISM.
| A—MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bua. medium and
! life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
jC. MAYO BTEERS, trance medium. 305 Lar-
I kin. toom 48; readings 1 to 5; tel. South 310.
| PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate-writer and
j clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
FREE lesson and test Monday, 8 p. m.; read
ings dally. Mme. Ellera-Fleken, 1085 Market.
REMOVED—MRS. LESTER to 872 Misiaon St.;
| cir. Mon., Fri., 8 p m., 10c; read, dally, 50c,51.
j MRS. CRlNDLE—Materialliing seance to
night. 8 o'clock; 50c. 328 Ellis at.
EDUCATIONAL.
! A—THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
achool for university, law and medical «i
-leges, begins Its twelfth year. We shall do
better work than before, and give general as
well as special courses. Our departments in
English literature. languag»a, mathemetica.
sciences, history, etc.. are excellent. Two
of the best teachera In California are in
charge of English and ot mathematics. Come
and be with us. we prepare you well. Refs.
| Pres. Jordan or any Stanford professor. Day
j and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
CLASSES in short story writing and journal
ism will be formed on January 3, 4 and 3 at
2 p. m.. at 333 Phelan bldf.; tarms very rea
aonable; join these classes; the Instruction ia
I excellent: rapid progress assured.
E. R. AY'RES. founder of Ayres Business Col
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanahlp.
shorthand.•typing; $5 month; lite scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 728 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America: positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
MRS. PAULA ANGERMUENDE, Conservatory
Basel. Switaerland; lessons and dally prac
tice at studio; $6 month; evening lessons.
860 McAlllater st.
NOTICE.
Class A pupils of the Osborn Conservatory of
Music please call Tuesday, 7 p. m., January
3. for rehearsal; bring instruments.
BOOKKEEPING, Eng . Math., etc.. day and
eve.; individual instr. 305 Larkin at. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bua. Col.
HEALD'S School of Mlnea ana Engineering, 24
Peat st, S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi
tions. S. F. Business College, 738 Mission at.
ENGINEERING —Civil, elec., mln., mech., aur
vey, aaaay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
Established 1863; largest in the West; an
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
ALL Eng. and com. branches. $5 mo.; 47 les
sons Benn Pitman shorthand hold any poat
tlon; Ir.div. instruc. West Bus.Col., 1281 Mkt
IRVING Institute School for Girls, 2126 Cali
fornia at.; Easter term beglna Tueaday,
January 3. 1906.
A—METROPOLITAN Bua. Col.. 802 Van Neaa
aye.; poaitlons secured. R. H. Webater. Pres.
A—GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
PRIVATE lessona In telegraphy; .rapid euceeas
assured students. 246 Scott st.. nr. Halght.
MME. PRILL'S Piano School, London Con.
2105 Golden Gate ay.: reaident puplla taken.
DESIGN; atrength materiala; graphic atatica;
practical; helpful from start; evenings;
maii. 20 Hartiord at.
MANDOLIN thoroughly taught; adulta or chil
dren; reaaonable. 1526 California, nr. Polk.
BANJO, guitar, mandolin thoroughly taught; 2
hours, 2.1 c. 317 Oough at., nr. Hayea.
BOOKKEEPING—Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR. expert. 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. 828 Height st
CHICAGO Buslnesa College. 1584 Market—Poal
tlons, shorthand typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and pe~
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine at—Night class.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A—JAPANESE and Chineae employment office
supplies beat help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A—ORPHEUM Employment Office—Japaneae-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell at.: tel. Main 5732.
CHINESE Employment Office—Beet help at
Leon Seung's, 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 428.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1987. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
A YOUNG lady stenographer dealrea perma
nent Doaltlon; salary- *o 60 per week. Box
3735. Call office.
I A COMPETENT dressmaker would like work
by the day. Address 1102 San Jose aye
! DRESSMAKER would like sewing by tha day.
Addreaa Ul7 Forty-eighth aye.
' HOI SEKEEPER wishes position; city, country
or town. Box 3710, Call office.
i A LADY would like temporary houaework. 420
| Grove at. __________
. ___
! SITUATION aa cook. 102 Auatln aye.
! DRESSMAKER wants work. 426 Grove st
GERMAN woman wanta waahing at home.
| 7 Rlgley place.
' GOOD seamstress would like to work on genu'
neckwear. Box 3707. Call office. _____
' WOMAN wanta work by the day waahing or
houaecleanlng. SI 50 and car fare. MB_.
OSGOOD, 115 Hayea at.
YOUNG woman with little boy wiahes a posi
tion; la a good plain cook and housekeeper;
city or country. Call 622=14 Nato—— at.
AN experienced nurse would like a few more
confinement oases; terms reasonable. Tele
phone Church 380.
LADY stenographer and typist wiehea position;
Smith Premier operator: small salary to
atart. Box 3427. Call office. _
YOUNG girl wanta aituatlon aa nuraegirl and
do light housework. Box 3728. Call office.
PLAIN eewing dona. 621 Clay st
WANTED—Position aa bookkeeper by a lady
1 having expedience; references; typewriting.
I Box 3716. Call. _
' CHARING by the day. Address 945 Bryant
street.
TRAINED nunie; not graduate; referencee; |15
per week. Addreaa box 3733. Call.
DRESSMAKER, experienced, would like a few
more engagements by the day: good cutter
and fitter: terms reasonable. Box 3746, Call.
CHILDREN'S nurse wants position- private
I family; wages 330 to $35. Box 3439. Celt
, SEAMSTRESS wishes engagements. $1 50 a
day. 67 Richland aye.; phone Capp 2856.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagementa
by the day. $1 50; dresses altered; perfect fit
Box 3448. Call office.
LUNCH waitress wants position. TeL Black
4628, or box 3449, Call office.
LADY desires position as housekeeper. 818
Golden Gate aye.
LAUNDRY or cleaning In hotel or rooming
house. Addreaa box 3447. Call office.
j LADY would like home washing:. Box 8822,
Call office.
FRENCH lady wiahes plain eewing, mending,
darning; neat hand aewed. Box 3438. Call.
A COMPETENT woman wanta general house
work, cleaning or washing by the day. Call
or addreaa MRS. LEECH. 148 Sixth at
A—BOOKKEEPER, cashier, young lady; ex
pert accountant; quick, accurate; all modern
systems; highest references; last position 5
years. Box 3691. Call office.
WOMAN wishes chambermaid work tn a room
ing house. Call at 12 Elwood st.
GERMAN woman, no incumbrance, wanta po
sition as housekeeper in country; good home;
small wages. Box 3688. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Eastern cook deairea aituatlon;
American family; no waahing; best referen
ces; wages. |40 to 845. Box 3433, Call office.
DRESSMAKER wants eewing by day in shop.
Address MISS TAYLOR. 126 Hawthorne at.
• STRONG German woman wishes washing or
cleaning by day. Ad. K. F.. 1747 Mission st.
YOUNG woman wants housework. 1065 Mis
sion st. E. TOBIN.
A GOOD worker would like work a few houre
each day. Address box 3424. Call office.
A NEAT seamstress wishes children's sewing
by the day or at home. Ad. box 3423. Call.
A WOMAN would do washing by the day;
|1 26 per day. Please address MRS. E. X..
318 Turk st.; hours, Bto 5.
DRESSMAKER wishes work by the day;
charges reaaonable. 529 Liberty st.
A RELIABLE middle-aged woman would like
to keep houae for a single lady or elderly
couple; re/erencea. Box 3692, Call office.
QUICK and intelligent young lady wishes po
sition in office; no stenographer; writes ex
cellent business hand. Please call or ad
dress, stating terms. 881% Greenwich st.
A GOOD dressmaker wishes a few more cus
tomers at home: first-class work at reason
able prices. Phone Scott 995. 547 Myrtle aye.
A CAPABLE woman wishes work for Tues
days; washing; won't go out far. Call 145
Twelfth st.. room 8.
POSITION as seamstress. Box 3694, Call
office.
POSITION wanted sewing. Box 3895 Call
office.
POSITION wanted sewing. Box 3688 Call
office.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes position; American.
Spanish, French; $30, 135. 708 Stockton st
EXPERIENCED dressmaker would like a few
more engagementa in families; $1 50 day,
carfare. Call or write MRS. DE BARB, 436
Fourth at.
COMPETENT woman wishes a few families by
day, waahing, cleaning or chamber work.
488 Geary at; phone Brown 82.
PLACE as linen girl in hotel or any kind et
work. Box 3419, Call office.
WANTED—Any kind of work by the day. Bo_
3420. Call office.
GENTLEMEN'S flannels to wash. Call 1088
Howard st.
AS caretaker tn the home; oar* of invalid ea>
mother's helper with grown children. House
keeper, 390 Page st.; phone Page 2356.
POSITION aa housekeeper for widower or for
a number of men. by a middle-aged widow
from the East; beet of references. Box 1681.
1008 Market at
FINE young cook wanta position in email fam
ily; an excellent manager: very economical!
wages 825 to $30; fare expected. Box 8208,
Call office.
LADY wanta work - by the day. Call at 420
Grove st.
WANTED —Chamber work In hotel. 420 Grove
atreet.
YOUNG English woman wishes position aa
working housekeeper; fond of children. Beta
3478, Call office.
WOMAN wants to take clothes home; a good
laundress. Call at 146 Minna at
LADY takea waahing home; open-air dry.
Phone Page 7831.
DRESSMAKER, ladies' tailor on aulta and
coats shirtwaist suits; experienced and only
first-class work made at home; engagements
per day. MISS BARBS. Sherman Houae. 28
Eighth st.
COMPETENT stenographer desires position j
Denamore operator. Box 3412, Call office.
WANTED—A position as dressmaker. Box
3687. Call office
A WOMAN wants general housework. Call or
address 236 Minna st.
COMPETENT woman wants housework by the
day. 305 Minna st.
ft
PLAIN sewing wanted by day. 1658 Market
atreet.
FIRST-CLASS millinery trimmer would like
yearly poattlon. Box 3452, Call office.
A FINNISH girl wiahes a position in small
family for general housework. Apply 1131%
Harrison st.
GERMAN woman wants washing: underwear,
curtains, blankets. 2685 Mission st., near
Twenty-thlrd.
EASTERN lady wishes to take charge of room
ing-house. Box 3454. Call office.
j WOMAN wanta work by the day. Addreaa 602
Howard st.
1 POSITION by experienced chambermaid ha
I city hotel; ref. If required. Box 3512, Call!
: WANTED—Position v collector by a young
lady; good references. Box 3453. Call.
i WANTED—Gents' washing. Please address
j X 275 Harrison st.
1 LADY wishes housework and washing by the
day. Box 3417. Call.
HOTEL housekeeper of experience and ability
■ accustomed to taking entire charg* of the
housekeeping department In large, first-class
I hotela. thoroughly rompetcnt, can give" the
j best of references from former employers 'de
sire* :>o»ltion in large hotel. Box 3167, Call.
' FIRST-CLASS dressmaker for children- by the
j day. references. Box 3310, Call.
' WOMAN vrishes work In the kitchen of a _tlt.
cacy store. Call at 12 Elwooda at.EMPLOYMENT WANTED—P em ale--Con
WOMAN wants work by the day. washing.
Ironing and housctleunlng; $1 00 day. Box
MIDDLE-AGED German widow wishi - place
us housekeeper. Box 3513, Call.
_ lENTIFIC massage by a graduate of the
S Weir Mitchell method; sprains, fractures
nd dislocations a specialty; referencea if
,1, K i r ed. Box 3MS. Call.
v [NG neatly dene; children's clothes a
...tv. 905 McAllister st.
woman wants to go out washing,
ad i.ousecleaning by the day. Please
st 280 Harriet st, rear.
AGED woman, American, wishes
hi usework: small family of adults;
trj rreferred. Address, Housekeeper, 1
"ED—Plain sewing to do, by elderly
woman. Box 3421, Call.
■ BOOKKEEPER, cashier, young lady; ex
pert accountant; quick, accurate; all modern
Kvstems; highest references; la-t position 5
year-. Box 2062, Call.
A I'OUNG colored girl would like a poaitlon
• t i take care of children; wages $20 to $26.
1000 Clay St., or answ*>- by postal
YOUNG, healthy Scotch girl wanta position as
nun*. 3303 Twenty-fourth at, near
Mission.
\ REFINED young German wishea a poaitlon
a* governess or companion; references. Box
374-, Call office.
I I.E-AGED, refined French lady deairea
position aa housekeeper for couple or wid
ower; excellent cook; referencea. Addresa
box 8710. Call office.
GERMAN woman wiahes situation aa cook. 723
California st.
AN educated lady of refinement speaking sev
eral languages, wiebes a position aa traveling
• companion or take care of an Invalid lady;
understands alao all branches of systematic,
economic housekeeping; city or country;
first-class references. Address F. A. X., box
. 8713, Call office.
COMPETENT, educated woman desires posi
tion aa governess; good seamstress, nurse,
etc.; will assiat with light houaework: sal
ary moderate. 3460 Eighteenth ft.
WANTED—By an elderly woman to aaalst
with houaework where there are no children;
rood cook. Addresa 1282 Page at., MRS.
WILLIAMS.
YOUNG lady wishes to be companion and
helper to elderly lady for a good home and
very amall salary- Addresa immediately,
box 3678. Call office.
A STEADY, competent person wiahes a posi
tion to do general housework in small fam
ily; wagea $20. 6 Rose aye., off Market at.
A YOUNG Swedish girl wishes a place aa sec.
• end girl or light general housework; sleep
at home. Address 2631 Nineteenth at
YOUNG lady from the East experienced as
nurae. wanta place to attend an Invalid or
hospital; best references. Box 3672, Call.
A FAITHFUL Japanese girl desires a position
at housework in a small private family;
wages $3 a week. H. KOZAKO, 1213% Post
St.; phone Larkin 703.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
GENERAL or private cleaning or work of any
kind wanted by young porter by hour, day,
week or month; must have work. Box 8734,
''all office.
A I P like work aa porter. C. W. MAYNE,
744 Howard at.
BARBER wants Saturday and Sunday work.
;«40 Mis.sion -at.
B< V war.ts good position; city or country.
• Address box 3726, Call office.
BARTENDER (German; wishea position. Box
3681, Call office.
UARRIED couple: man Al horse man; woman
•do housework; country preferred. Box
J7CO. Call office.
RELIABLE man wants position as general re
(aire: ir taking care of property. J. KANE,
U2 Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS porter wishes situation In bar
ber shop. G. X., 829 Stevenson st.
A FIRST-CLASS carpenter wants work; cap
able of taking charge. Box 3429. Call.
A GKX D tool dresser wants work. Box 3430,
Call office.
A YOUNQ man. a boiler maker, wishes a posl
:on in country, not far from city. Box 3428,
YOUNG colored man wishes position as porter
in barber shop or running elevator. Address
Harry Taylor, 915 Powell; phone Red 142.
\VANTED— Position as plumber or steam fitter
helper. Address box 3727. Call.
WANTED —S.tuation as night watchman; ex
perienced. Box 3728, Call.
A KIKST t'LASS upholsterer and carpet'layer;
will work by the day or piece. 927 Eddy
st: phone Larkin 3094.
WANTED —Position as barkeeper. Box 8752,
Call office.
JEWELER, repairer and aaleaman, 2 years'
experience, wants position; anything with
chance of advancement accepted. Jeweler,
box 3750, Call.
POSITION by experienced dishwasher In pri
vate place. Box 3762. Call.
WANTED—Position as fireman; city. Box
3725. Call.
YOUNG man wishes poaitlon In store. Address
HAROLD WINTERS. Sacramento and Fill
more sts.
BOY wants Job; cash boy or learn trade. 812
■ Webater at.
PAINTING, paperhanglng and tinting by a
' first-class mechanic. 36 Mary at.
FIRST-CLASS confectioner (German) wishea
steady poaitlon in hotel. Box 3744, Call.
HOUSEMAN, hotel or lodging-house. T. W.
DAY. 500 Buah at.
HOTEL, grocery, bar or any kind of general
or private work wanted by experienced
young man; city or country. 3739, Call.
ALL-ROUND tailor and cutter, sober, wanta
poaitlon. Box 8698. Call.
SCANDINAVIAN (Danlah) wanta eituatlon as
gardener or man about place; can assist In
houaework: city or country; beat of refer
encea. Addresa ANDREW JOHNSON 381
Kearny at. room 38, S. F.
JAPANESE boy wanta aituatlon as echoolboy
In a family. OKA. 744 Poet at; tel. Sutter
1731.
BAKER with experience wanta poaitlon on
breed or cakes in city or country; can rive
reference. Address WM. R. JANTZEN 844
Mission st.
YOUNG German with experience deslrea poaT
tion in grocery; 3 years in last place; best of
referencea from the same. 201 Montgomery
avenue.
DRUGGIST deslrea position as manager In
enterprising pharmacy; is registered tem
perate, good manufacturer, flrat-elaas pra
scripUonlst Address box 8443, Call office.
MAN wishes position aa night watchman. Box
3442. Call office.
A' YOUNG man wtthea position as abTppTng
clerk; four years at one houae. Addresa
G. H.. 1210 Maaon at.
BOY, 10 yeara, wiahes a job aa press feeder
has been feeding for 2 yeara. Call at 315 V;
. .1-saie at. 73
WANTED—A position aa barkeeper. 8~
W OLF. 86 Fourth st.
A NEAT appearing Japanese wishes a positton
.as elevator boy; speaks English well. Box
3861, Call office.
A FAITHFUL Japanese wishes a position tn
store or office; speaks perfect English. Box
. 3700, Call office. •
WANTED—A poaitlon aa night clerk. Box
. 3719. Call office.
WANTED—SBd« Una by traveling salearrran
co.-ering Pacific Coast. Box 3731, Call office.
r\oiNF.ER'. gasoline, open for position first
of year; marine license. 108% Turk st.
W ANTED—By reliable, steady, honest, trusts
worthy, middle-aged man, position 'as col
lector for some firm or corporation; aecurlty
or bond giver. If required; willing to work for
small salary. Bex 8430, Call office.
v. AXT::i>— By sol, or . reliable, truatworthy.
h neat man, with good moral habits and
references, position as bartender: long cx
• pcrieoce: no object aa to salary', want staady
■ work. Box 3437. Call office.
MARRIED man wants driving team. W. P.,
5&B c, nveree st.
DRAUGHTSMAN and engineer desires en
gagement structural and topographical ex
pert. Box 3433. Call office.
v. anted Portion as plumber's helper. Box
3434. Call office.
Two carpenters want work in the country
Box 3177. Call.
BARKEEPER wants position In saloon; coun
try town preferred. 2006 Fillmore st.
PAINTER, paperhanger and tlnter; all work
guaranteed and reasonable: has all tools.
Painter. 1620 Eddy at; phone Wegt 2383.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MaIe—Con.
WANTED—An opportunity to learn the saloon
business In rtrst-claaa place; will Invest after
learning business; no porter work: salary no
object. Address Cafe, 129 12th at, Oakland.
POSITION wanted as teamster. Box 3466,
Call office.
A YOUNG man with $100 wishes a steady po
sition. Box 34C8. Call.
WANTED—A position by experienced man as
packer or porter In a "wholesale house; best
of city referencea. Box 3479, Call.
GOOD sober man wanta work of any kind;
can milk, care for horsea; no garden work;
city or country. Box 3473, CalL
CARPENTER will take up small contract;
beat service. Box 3689, Call.
SALOON porter wishes situation. R. G.. 204
Third st.
WOULD like a position as office boy. Address
RAY MURLEY, 132 A Valencia at.
LEVER man on dredger. 823 Third st.
STUDENT. pasY~3s. desires few hour 3' work
per day 'to earn living expenses. Box 342.J,
Call office.
A RELIABLE man wants sltuatton as watch
man, or man about place; referencea. Apply
or addreaa JOHN BAKER, 968 Mission st.
MARRIED man wants work of any kind. F.
WICK. 500 Duriont at.
WOULD~!Ike work as painter. C. WHITE,
397 Ellia st.
YOUNG man wanta a place as gardener. Box
3745, Call office.
WANTED — Situation aa ccok or baker In ho
tel or restaurant. 14% Bernard at.
GERMAN with some experience In wholeaale
and retail llauor bualness aa Dorter and
stock clerk wanta work; sober habits and
reliable. Box 3«1>3, Call office.
POSITION aa assistant bookkeeper. Box 3464,
Call office.
ENGINEER wants employment; sober and re
liable; references. Box 3455, Call.
YOUNG man desires position; has had experi
ence in office work; university education;
speaks German and English; references.
Box 3460. Call.
A COACHMAN, good horeeman and gardener;
can milk; good referencea. Box 3451, Call.
A GOOD Japanese boy wanta a position as
cook in a family. 603 Frederick at.
JAPANESE couple want work, man as plain
cook and wife waiting and housework; city
or country. 1628% Park St., Alameda.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants position In small
family; wages $1 a week and up. H. T.,
1617 Geary at; tel. West 97.
JAPANESE atrong boy wanta poaitlon either
as achoolbov or do housework. ELDER.
1431 Bush st.
A YOUNG married man wanta a situation at
some kind of work. Address C. A., 741 Na
toma «t.
PAINTER and decorator; 18 years' expe
rience (non union): day or contract. Room
10. 110 Ninth st.
SITUATION wanted as gasoline engineer. Box
1588, Call office, San Francisco.
A GOOD bo*-. 18 years old. wishes a good
heme to do chores around tha house for pin
money. Call at 2202 Mission st.. cor. 18th.
ACCOUNTANT wants work. 607 Fourth at.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged man; a
good ty;>ewriter; desires office work where
he could practice reporting shorthand;
wages not concerned. Box 1690, 1008 Market.
EXPERIENCED young porter and packer,
stranger in city, must have work; any kind;
general or private; give me a trial. Box
3203. Call office.
JOB camenter wants work every day this
year. CARPENTER, 322 Seventh. Phone
Howard 3490.
SITUATION wanted by experienced stenog
rapher; preferably in wholesale house; good
references. Box 3461. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER and stenographer. 8 years'
experience; rapid and accurate; gcod office
man and conesDondent. Box 8460, Call.
WANTED—A position as a traveling sales
man. Box 3411. Call office.
YOUNG man, 3% years' experience, desires
position at bookkeeping; Al references;
wages, $12. Box 3410, Call office.
HANDY man around a billiard room. Box
3097, Call office.
YOUNG man desires positron as an assistant
bookkeeper or as clerk. Box 3750, Call.
EXPERIENCED Janitor wanta position; Ger
man-American: atrtctly sober and reliable;
not afraid to work; non-union. Box 3425, Call.
FIRST-CLASS painter, paperhanger, tlnter and
polisher wants work. VEITH, 718% Grove st.
GARDENER wishes position; thorough all
branches; references. 961 East Sixteenth st..
East Oakland.
WANTED—By reliable, middle-aged, married
farmer, poaitlon as working foreman on
stock, grain or fruit ranch; thoroughly ca
pable of taking full charge, having made
stcok, grain and fruit ralelng a atudy; can
furnish referencea if wanted. Box 8471. Call.
BOY wanta a situation In store. 1419% Mis
sion st.
FIRST-CLASS bookkeeper wants position; best
of references. Box 3460, Call office.
WANTED —Situation as stationary engineer.
263 Third at., room 23.
RELIABLE man wishea position as dry goods
salesman, J. S., 611 Linden aye.
WANTED—Position by union dishwaaher or
vegetable man. Call 465 Stevenson st.
AMBITIOUS young man residing with parents
wishes position in wholesale house, fill or
ders or work in stock; not afraid of work;
best of references. Box 3414, Call.
WANTED —A situation as porter in barber
shop. Q. BROWN, 737 Miaalon st
POSITION wanted—City aaleaman to call on
retail grocers; beat references. Box 3418,
Call.
YOUNG man with some experience wishes po
sition as waiter In restaurant Box 8415,
Call.
SITUATION wanted by a male nurse and
masseur, a graduate of Stockholm, Sweden;
10 years' experience In Chicago, 8 years In
last place; would like poaitlon in Institution
or private. Address box 8458. Call.
COMPETENT watchmaker would Ilka posi
tion, referencea Box 8413, Call.
MAN wanta any kind of work. W. C., 1322
Montgomery st
WANTED —Position aa elevator boy. Box
8683, Call.
SCHOOLBOY wanta work as cash boy or er
rand boy on Saturdays. Address 1826 Fif
teenth at
BOY wanta to learn printing trade. Box 3463,
Celt
EXPERIENCED young porter. 24. wishea any
kind of place: city or country; general or
private; must have work at onoe. Box 3738,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS, carriage maker and painter,
who Is able to work at any branch of car
riage making, wishes position. Box 3737,
Call office.
WANTED—By experienced Englishman, sober
and reliable, position aa coachman or second
man; good references. Box 3711, Call office.
ACTIVE young; carpenter deslrea employment,
rough or flnlah, $3 day. Box 3747. Call.
WANTED —A position by an experienced por
ter or shipping clerk: 8 yeara with last firm,
who have retired from business; references.
Address box 3714. Call office.
BUSINESS man, 38 years old. accustomed tn
handling large affairs, desires poaitlon of re
sponsibility; highest referencea. Box 8718,
Call office.
YOUNG man wiahes a position In a plant;
handy roan; experienced steam fitter and
boiler operations. Addreaa 2766 Twenty-third
at, city
STRONG elderly man wants work, private
family; gardener, horses, cooking; useful in
general; all round man: references; wagea
no object. Box 3670, Call office.
AS attendant, in the near future, to Invalid or
mental patient by competent, reliable male
nuree, and matseur; references. Box 3639,
Call offlc. '
WANTED—Position by young man from New
York City that is capable of doing work of
most any kind; good home preferred to high
wages. Box 3061. Call.
ACCOUNTANT, first class, open for engagT
ment January 1; age 35; salary $100; best
city references and cash bond. Address box
3941, Call office.
AMERICAN farmer wants situation on ranch
or private place; best reference from last
place. Call or address H.. 474 Jessie at.
WAlTER—Steady, sober; short-order houEc
preferred. Box 3721, Call office.
A COMPETENT butler, with flrst-claes city
references, wishes situation. Box .':062, Call.
I WISH work In city or country good home:
good cook; nice recommendations; very hon
est Japanese boy; wages $25 a month. HITA,
•17 Bush it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1905.
EMPLOYMENT WAWT-D—Mala—Oon.
A JAPANESE honest boy wants a positton as
a schoolboy; wages $1 50, or general house
work $3 week. F. YAMATO. 1303% Castro.
A JAPANESE wishea aituatlon to do house
work or any other kind of work. S. TO
MOOKA. 611 Bush at.; phone Black 5084.
A YOUNG Japanese wanta a position aa a
schoolboy. T. MT.TRATA. Address 725 Geary
St., Japanese Gospel Society.
A GOOt) Japanese cook; wife wait on table;
city or country. MAKATON. 585 Jeaaia.
A GOOD Japanese cook; wife wait at table;
city or country. MAKATON, 665 Jessie st.
JAPANESE good boy wants position as school
boy. K. TAN. 822% O'Farrell at.
C HINESE first-clasa cook wanta place. CHAR
LIE, 915 Stockton at.
CHINESE first-class cook wanta position la
family. LAM, 715 Dupont at.
ECZEMA CURE.
$100 FREE for any case of ecsema. salt rheum
or barber itch that I can't cure; a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN. 64 Sixth st.
PLATS TO LET.
A—HOUSES and flata to let; an lmmenaa Hat;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this deoartment; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordea Furniture Co.. 245-59 Geary
at., oil the souare.
COTTAGES, housea and flata to let; every de
sirable vacant place In San Franclaco oa
our lists; service absolutely free; let ua find
you a place; come In and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "we
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company,
1039 Market St., opp. McAllister.
$45: 1719 SCOTT at.; 6-room and bath; large
vunny rooms; new modern flat; 3 exposures.
636 A Sixth St.; upper; 5-room and bath;
$17 50 a mo. OSCAR HEYMAN A BRO.,
14 Poat at.
NEW. swell sunny flats. 0 rooma, to let; every
possible latest convenience; cloae to the main
entrance to the Park; 5 car lines: one runs
all night. Seventh aye., near Fulton at.; open
11 to 4.
LOMBARD at., near Devlsadero—Several sun
ny flats of 4 to 6 rooms and bath; rent
reduced. YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE
CO., 513 California st.
NEW. sunny, artistically finlahed flats on Van
Ness aye., near Francisco at., 5 to 10 rooms;
rents ranging from $28 to $35. YON RHEIN
REAL ESTATE CO.. 513 California st
SACRAMENTO. 2463-5-7—3 beautiful new
flats, 6, 7 and 8 rooms, aun In every room,
marble steps, electric lighta, reception hall;
rent $85 to $45.
TO let—Tv'o nice flats. 2529-2531 Post St.. of
5 rooms and bath each; rent of middle flat,
$26 50; lower flat. $21 60; with water.
A—SIXTH aye.. 764, near Park—2 flata of 4
rooms and bath each; rente $12 60 to $14.
SPECK e> CO., 209 Montgomery at.
MODFRN lower flat, 6 rooms and bath; pan
eled dining-room garden. Janitor service,
water free; $30. 1289 Page ft.
SANCHEZ, NW. cor. Eii-abeth. nr. 24th—
New upper fiat, 6 rooms, bath; sun all day;
all modern improvements; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 2085-2087, nr. Central-
New sunny flats; frescoed, tinted; 5 rms.,
bath, and 6 rms., bath; attic; 2 basements.
ELEGANT middle and upper flata; 7 rooma
and social hall; sun In every room: beautiful
ly finished; modern. 1359-61 McAllister st.
NEW, elegant flats; latest lmprovementa; Just
finished; park panhandle. STRAUB, 630
Market .st.
MODERN flat. 7 sunny rooms, bath, 2 attlo
rooms, basement. 142S Green at., near Van
Ness aye.
FLAT of 4 light rooma. without bath. 22 Pond
St., near 16th and Market; no children.
NEW 4-room flat, bath; latest lmprovementa.
4189 26th st., nr. Castro; small family.
TEN moms, four of which are in basement;
sunny; rent $35. 616 Haight at.
LOWER flat: 338 Oak st., near Octavla; five
rooms, bath and large basement.
ELEGANT new flat, 6 large sunny rooms and
bath, 1737 Page at., nr. Golden Gate Park.
TO let—Four rooma and bath; $16. 434 Fair
Oaks st.
FURNISHED rooms; $6 to $Io! 434 Fair
Oaks st.
SANCHEZ, 115 —New modern sunny flata of 8
and 7 rooma; rent $35.
$9: SUNNY flat; 4 rooms. 27 Federal St., near
First.
HOWARD. 2953, nr. 25th—Elegant new lower
flat; 5 rooma and bath; $22 50.
OAK, 1301—Beautiful 7-room fiat; facing pan
handle McKlnley statue; rent $30.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 2127—New upper flat; 6
rooma and bath; rent $18; adults
AN elegant new sunny flat, 7 rooms: choice
neighborhood. 1740 Stelner at., near Sutter.
SUNNY modern middle fia;, 7 rooma and bath.
649 Fell at., near Webster.
LARGEST list of houses and flata to let. Call
on LYON' & HOAG. 116 Montgomery at.
FLATS TO LET—FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat, 6 rooms, bath; sunny; 2 car
lines; on view from 10 until 1; upper bell.
1413 Washington st., between Leavenworth
and Hyde.
A NEWLY furnished sunny modern flat, 6
rooms and bath; Western Addition; rent reas
onable to permanent tenant. Box 8176, Call.
$30 FOUR-ROOM flat, in town. 313 Taylor at.
POWELL. 816, opp. Hotel Fairmont—Elegantly
furn. sunny 3-room flat; flne marine view.
PLATS FOR BALE—FURNISH-D.
MODERN 9-room flat; rooms all rented; $26
to $35 over rent: bargain; 12 to 8. 1178 Ellis.
PLATS WASTED.
WANTED —Furnished flat of 5 or 6 rooma and
bath. Address, with full particulara, box
178. Mill Valley, Cal.
- - . j i , i mm
PIHAHCIAL.
200 SHARES Oakland Cremation Association.
Six dividends paid this year ainca March
last.
15 shares Chispa Rubber Co. at big discount.
1000 shares famous Pinal Oil Co. at $3 60.
Standard Oil Co. buya the entire output at
the wells at 75c per barrel.
2000 sharea Brookshlre, adjoining the 12,000
-barrel gusher on the Hartnel, at $1.
Some stock of the S. P. Milling Co., paying
monthly dividends of 60c per share.
Also some other local Investments; pay 6
per cent semi-annually at a discount.
W. E. BARNARD,
478 Tenth atreet, Oakland.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid in $4,600,000 00
Surplus 940,901 86
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
At par.
Office—No. 14 San some ft.,
San Franclaco, Cal.
FOR sale—ssooo worth of stock in proaperoua
manufacturing co., paying 10 per cent divi
dend annually; party going East; will sell at
par; will bear investigation at bank. Ad
dress box 3201, Call.
COMPANIES formed; mining or patents; stock
sold; strong Eastern connections; advice free.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY, 622 Crossley bldg.
rCRETTTJRE WANTED.
"WE'LL GET YOUR BUSINESS"—We pay
the most money for furniture, carpets, office
fittings, merchandise and houses. MARK J.
LEVY AUCTION CO., 1321 Market st. be
tween 9th and 10th. Phone South 178.
ABE
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jesale 761.
Don't aell your furniture, carpets, office fur
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURP, auc , 1636 Market; phone Jeaale 2336.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission st. hT
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 4462.
EUHE-TURE PQH, SAKE.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur
nlture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 818.
HELP WANT~D—PEMALE.
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
home, evenings or snare time and return to
us; no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned; materials free; enclose self-addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co., No.
YV 12, Ninth st., Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED—LadIes everywhere, $60 weekly, $20
for couple hours dally; those who never held
l>ositions can alao do our work: refined, gen
teel employment. Address Bellingham Com
pany. 708 Market at.. San Franclaco.
WANTED —Young lady to do office work In ex
change for lessons in shorthand. Addreaa
box 3409, Cal! office.
EBLP WANTED—FEMALE—Continue-.
THE ROMA YN-SH IRK REGISTER RENT
ING AND ADV. CO.,
612-613 Grant bldg., 7th A Market. South 104.
Waitresses, commercial hotel, north, $25.
Waitresses, commercial hotels, south. $25.
20 waitresses, resorts, south; start January
15, $25.
3 wa; tresses, city; room out, $30.
6 waitresses, city; first-class place, $26.
2 waitresees, cafe; day off. $8 a week.
8 housework girls; call early. $20, $25, $30
and $35.
12 chambermaids, south; half fare, $20.
AN Opportunity for Capable Women.
If you work, why not earn more
than a living?
Bright, educated, earnest women
have a mission.
That mlaelon ahould be to build
one'a aelf and help others.
Be independent. Do good.
The Vlavl Company already em
ploye over twelve thouaand women.
The work covers twenty-three x
countries of the world.
We will entertain applications
from capable women.
Not canvassing, but a helpful,
dignified work.
Investigate. Apply by mail only.
Addreaa THE VIAVI COMPANY. 2304 Van
Ness aye., San Francisco.
A—WANTED—GirIs to learn hairdresslng,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
3 positions to fill Immediately; position i
guaranteed at $10 week up; only recognized
school of Its kind on coaat; day and even
ing classes. 233 Geary st,. room 18.
WANTED —Girls to learn millinery now for
spring reason; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesiadlea. makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up: 7 positions to be filled by
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton st., r. 13.
r
A—PACIFIC College teaches hairdresslng.
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; alx hours
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognised college of Its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re
duced pricea. 133 Powell st.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER
ALLS. JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX
PERIENCE NECESSARY; STEADY WORK;
GOOD PAY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.. 32%
FREMONT ST. i!R. DAVIS.
IN OAKLAND. COR. 10TH AND CLAY STB.,
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECES
SARY; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS A CO.
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS. STANDARD FAC
TORY, COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
LADIES—S7 to $10 weekly earned doing plain
sewing home; material sent free prepaid;
stamped addressed envelope brings particu
lars. UNION CO.. 1215 Filbert st, Phila
delphia, Pa.
LADIES can earn $9 weekly copying short let
ters home; everything sent free. Send ad
dreaavd envelope to Working Supply Com
pany. San Pedro. Cal.
LADIES to do piecework home; we furnish
materials and pay $7 to $12 weekly; aend
Ftamped envelope to ROYAL CO., 34 E.
Monroe ft, Chicago.
WANTED—Lady ttenographer and bookkeeper:
bond required; answer in own handwriting,
stating experience and salary expected. Box
8474. Call office.
LADIES—S3O a 1000 copying letters, no mail
ing to friends or furnishing addressee U. S.
ADV. CO., Dept. 100. Chicago.
LADIES having embroideries. Battenberg.
drawnwork to aell; alao to do order work.
LADIES' EXCHANGE. 34 Monroe, Chicago.
A—WANTED—Operators on ladiea' waists. 658
Mission St., third floor.
A—Operatora wanted to take work home. 658
Mission at., third floor.
WOMAN to aaaist In amall restaurant; good
wages to right party. 818% Third.
ENERGETIC woman for position with well
established business. Box 3456, Call office.
A GOOD girl to assist with housework and
cooking; call after Sunday. 138 McAlllater.
WANTED—A good coo* for country restau
rant; good wages. Addreaa box 3680. Call.
A GIRL wanted. 12 Noe at
GIRL wanted to aaaist In general houaework;
German preferred. 839 Alabama at., nr. 21at.
WANTED —Young girl to do light houaework.
Address box 3743. Call.
LADY clerk wanted for grocery at 816 Bryant
at.: German preferred.
GOOD and honest German Catholic girl, about
17 yeara. for housework. Call at 203 Polk st.
LADIES earn $20 per hundred writing short
letters; aend stamped envelope. Beat Mfg.
Co., Valparaiso, Ind.
ATTENTION, ladiea—Earn $20 per 100 writing
ahort lettera from copy. Addreaa stamped en
velope for particulars. MODERN SPECIAL
TY COMPANY. Allegan. Mich.
LADIES for steady home employment; $8 and
$12 weekly. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar
ket St.. room 818.
WANTED—Chocolate dipper; $10 to $12 per
week. Apply KELLER CANDY CO.. Oak
land, office 477 Seventh at
HELP WANTED—MALE.
(Open Sunday. 10 to 12.)
AT HORD A SMITH'S,
Contractors' Agents, 95 Third st.
Cook, railroad company, 14 men, steady, $40
and found.
Cement finisher, $4 50, long Job, fare $1 30.
Machinist, gold mine, $3 and found, boss
here.
Waiter, hotel, Santa Barbara, $25 and found,
fare refunded.
Teamsters, bay shore, $2.
Solicitors, tea and coffee, big inducements.
AT C R. HANSEN ft CO.'S 429 Bush st.
A SPECIAL.
Office open to-day, Sunday, 10 to 12.
15 labcrera to dig poets $1 75 day-
Short distance Ship to-night
C. R. HANSEN & CO 420 Bush st.
AMERICA N~COMMERCI A L~BUP. EAIL
Conducted on strictly business principles.
Positions secured lor —
Office men. Assistant bookkeepers.
Stenographers. Collectors.
Bookkeepers. Accountanta.
Correspondent clerks. Hotel clerks.
Office managers. Railroad clerks.
Traveling salesmen. 'Timekeepers.
General office work In all lines of business.
(Apply) 301-302 Starr-King bldg., 121 Geary st.
COMft i ENT men wanted—We have the most
complete and successful method for finding
positions; we desire only high-grade men.
who can furnish satisfactory proof of their
qualifications; none but mem specially fitted
for aome particular work need apply; com
mlaeiona payable only on securing a position.
Commercial Clearance Co.. 415-16 Bttrr King
building. 121 Geary st.
WANTED —Assistant shipping clerk In large
house; must be experienced and willing to
start with moderate aalary, with chance of
advancement: reply fully aa to wages ex
pected, reference and experience. Box 3422,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED man with good referencea to
handle an up-to-date line of children's and
misses' coats at popular pricea; excellent
chance for right man. Address HUTNER
BROS., New York.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters, home
evenings, $0 60 week. Send addressed en
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. W 12,
box I til, Philadelphia, J?a.
WANTED—Boy over 16 for outside work; real
eatate business; apply Monday, 9 to 10 a. m.
WILLIAM CRANSTON CO.. 114 Montgom
ery st.
CIGAR saleamen wanted; experience unneces
sary . rood nay. EMANUEL CO., Station
"J." New York.
BOY to learn glove trade; wagea from start.
CARSON Glove Co.. 123 Second at.
CASH boys wanted. STRAUSS A FROHMAN.
107 Poet at.
A GOOD proposition for a sober Job printer.
11 Ocean boulevard, near H at.
GOOD barkeeper; call at 10 a. m. 31C Sutter
atreet.
ERRAND boy, about 14 years old; furnishing
goods house. Box 3600, Call.
CASH boys wanted. Apply at 8. N. WOOD
ft CO.'S, 740 Market at.
BRIGHT, clean boy to learn precloua stone
cutting. ESTERLIN A MOSER, 208 Sutter.
CASH boya wanted. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
A YOUNG man for butcher ahop. 1330 Folk
atreet.
WE WISH
EVERYBODY
A HAPPY AND PROSPEROUS NEW YEAR.
OFFICE OPEN TO-DAY.
■ to 12.
MURRAY A READY. 034-636 Clay st.
Phone Main 5848.
THE RIGHT OF MAN AO LIVE; THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
Leading; Employment and Labor Agents.
We gave in 19ua 1904 we hope to
60,000 men work. Increase 00.000.
SPECIALS.
FOREMAN.
Steam shovel foreman, country, ace boss
here, $100 and found.
PLANING MILLS.
Sticker hand, country planing mill, see bo6S
here. $4 day.
Sticker hand, country mill, south, steady
job, S3 60 to ft day.
Benoh band, country mill, 8 hours, steady.
S3 60 day.
MISCELLANEOUS.
MINES.
Lumbermen, north, #90; young man to as
sist shipping clerk, city firm, $9 week;
bookkeeper, country store, south, $75.
Farms, dairies, orchards, etc.
26 farm hands, teamsters, milkers and chore
men and boys.
ASSAYER.
Assayer and melter for gold mine, see boss
here. $3 day.
HOTEL.
Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, porters, bell
and elevator boys.
Cook and wife, country restaurant, $86; cook
and wife, mine boarding-house, $56 fd.
OREGON. COAL MINERS. OREGON.
OREGON.
10 coal miners for a good mine by contracts;
big money can be made on this Job.
Fare refunded. Fare refunded.
BRIDGE CARPENTERS.
10 bridge and trestle carpenters, long job,
fare $2.
2 carpentera, placer mine, steady Job, $60 fd.
4 placer miners, north, $46 found.
Young man - drive delivery wagon, city, $10
week.
8 pruners, 760 fare. $26 found.
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay St.
INVENTOR—Good salary If he haa anything
can be made here. Give particulars, box SCB9,
Call office.
WANTED —Experienced floorwalker for dry
goods; atate referencea, experience and aal
ary expected. Address box 3740, Call office.
YOUNG man to run elevator In wholeaale
house; state age. experience, salary expected.
Box 8709, Call office.
BARBER chop for aale; 3 chairs; good loca
tion, near car houae. Inquire 1202 Fillmore st.
WANTED —2 good second-hand revolving bar
ber chairs and mirrors; state price. 3757 Call.
WANTED—Man of good address for permanent
position with reliable company. Address
MANAGER, P. O. box 271, Sacramento, Cal.
PORTER for flral-claas barber ahop In coaat
town; good wages. Apply DECK ELM AN
BROS.. 106 EUla at.
4-CHAIR barber ahop for aale; cigar stand
and laundry; owner going East. 218 Mont
gomery aye.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 571 Mission at., bet. let and 2d sts..
or 11 Third St., Examiner building.
WANTED—Men to fill 350 rooms at 20c per
night; clothea closets, hair mattresses, elec
tric light In every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 8d at.. Exam, bid.; open till 9 p.m.
MAN under 85 from San Francisco or vicinity
to prepare for coming railway mall clerk
examination; good appointments; exceptional
opening. W. L. COFFEY. 465 Parrott bldg.
MERCHANTS and manufacturers desiring to
employ commercial travelers are requested
to communicate with the secretary of the
Pacific Coaat Commercial Travelers' Associa
tion, 416 Market st.. San Francisco, Cal.
.
MEN—The only original Moler Barber College
teaches barber trade In 8 weeks; wages
earned while learning.
New quartera and new appliancea.
Call or write for Illustrated catalogue.
Moler Barber College, 649 Sacramento at.
Lately moved from Clay st.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT S election Insures
an increase in civil service appointments.
Those intending to take the next examina
tion should send to the Columbia Correspond
ence College, Washington. D. C.. and aecure
its free civil service announcement, contain
ing datea, salaries, places for holding exam
inations and questions recently used by the
Government.
EVERY month we place over 1000 high grade
men In positions paying $1000-ssooo| positions
now open for salesmen, executive, clerical
and technical men; write for book
let and state position desired. HAPGOODS.
Brain Brokers. 017 Chemical bldg.. St. Louis.
WANTED —Responsible man to manage an of
fice and dlatrlbutlng depot for large manu
facturing concern; salary $160 per month and
commissions; applicant muat have good ref
erencea and $2000; capital aecure. Address
Eupt, 323 West 12th St.. Chicago.
PLEASANT faced, flne appearing registered
physician and surgeon; must be quite gray,
but active; positively no other; no traveling;
salary *200 or more when well started. Call
at 25 Third at. '
WANTED—Educated gentleman to visit email
towna to write short artlclea for Eastern
magazine; $1000 per year; local re fa. re
quired. Box 4000. Call office.
WANTED—Men to prepare for railway mall,
internal revenue and coetom-house positions;
free catalogue. Pacific Correapondenee Insti
tute. Grant bldg., 1095 Market; open evgs.
WANTED —Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, haa
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.: 250 rooms: 25c to SOc per night.
WANTED everywhere—Hustlers to tack signs,
distribute circulars, samples, etc. j no can
vasslng; good pay. Sun Adv. Bureau, Chi
cago.
DETECTIVES—Every locality; good salary;
experience unnecessary. Interstate Detective
Agency, Milwaukee, Wis.
A—JAPANESE and Chinese help. Wat.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton st.; tel. Bush 83W.
WANTED —Oyster man. 469 Seventh at., Oak
land.
GILLETT'S school Is th? place to learn the
barber trade, till Commercial st.
WANTED—Young mnn to work for his tuition
in S. F. Barber School. 741 Howard at.
SWELL 2-chalr shop for sale: doing nice busl
neaa; owner retlrine 2584 Market at.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
MEN to learn the detective buslneaa; paid
while learning. 997 Market St., roqm 101.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St.. where shoes are re
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mm., 75c.
LABOR debts collected; suite, attachments
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy . r 115.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis, r. 40. Phelan bid.
Paat Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar
ket —700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bua and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sixes men's shcee, slightly damaged, half
price. 571 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
SALESMEN WANTED.
WANTED —Men who are now aucceesfully en
gaged In representing wholeaale tailoring
firms. The best wholeaale tailor.ng house In
the United States will give auch men an op
portunity to make more money. The very
best samplt equipment, such as woolens, on
consignment, swatches unlimited advertisin*
matter, etc.. wiJJ bo furnished. Branch
stores will be opened without requiring in
vestment. Sure income assured to riant par
ties. Good talesmen will find this their op
portunity. Address F. K. NICHOL. lock
box 629. Chicago. 111.
SALESMEN and firms before entertaining a
certain Jewelry proposition Investigate the
willful untrue statements of those agentt
here, who do not own even their office fur
niture, but frauduhntly claim their em
ployers are highly rsted. own large factory
and are 22 yeara In business. The caurt s
opinion end other unquestionable preofs ipen
to Inspection, 453 Parrott bul'dlns. '
SALESMEN—We have opening for bright, ac
tive, hustling salesmen to sell Banke- s'
Chewing Gum as side line; must have abil
ity and good record: liberal Arrangements for
good salesmen: samples and catalogues fur
nished; give references and full particu'ars.
E. 11. Baker Mfg. Co., 161 H. Canal, Chicago.
TRAVELING salesman, by wholesale house, to
sell general stores In California; permanent.
Matson. sales manager, 50 sth aye., Chicago.
BOLICITOKjS WANT - D.
MEN and women guaranteed clear $200 month
soliciting among their friends In city and
country; experience unnecesaary; $25 caah ae
curlty required. 1118 Market at., room 1.
HOUSES TO -ET—lTPsMrea—p,
WELL furniahed sunny 10-room houae and
cosy 8-room flat; garden. 419 Oak st
HOUSES TO LIST.
A—PRINTED Hat of houses to let; send for cir
cular. G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 20 Montgomery.
I LYON. 1615—Modern 9-room and bath; aun in
every room. OSCAR HEYMAN & BRO.,
14 Post St.
i UNFURNISHED or partly furniahed home;
Presidio Heights; 8 rooms and bath. Box
737. Call office.
1 UP-TO-DATE residence; 10 rooms and bath;
2257 Union at.; rent $75. MADISON &
BURKE.
I HOUSE 8 rooma and bath Inquire 126
Eddy at.
I APARTMENTS WANTED.
WANTED—I-room apartment; state ratea and
, accommodations. Box 3308. Call.
j HORSES AND WAGONS.
FOR aale—Fine pony. $30; weight about 750;
I gentle, Intelligent, good style: offered at low
figure for quick Bale. See at 400 Edwards
St., Oakland; take Telegraph car.
' FIRE sale—Entire stock carriages, buggies.
' harness, at reduced rates during alterations
to building. O'BRIEN'S. 500 Golden Gate aye.
' HORSES for sale: good workers: $20. $35. $76;
room for more boardera at Columbia Stable,
122% Eddy at.
A LIGHT gray mare sound and perfectly gen
tle, for sale: weight 050 lbs. Address Gray
Mare, general delivery, Alameda.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col
lege now ready; mailed free upon application
to DR.E.J.CREELY,Pres..SIO Golden Gate.
. BPS, buggies, aurreys, rub -tire runabout, ex
press wagon; cheap. 100 Golden Gate aye.
'■ CARLOAD gentle business buggy and livery
horsea. E STEWART A CO.. 220 Valencia.
TRY Adderley'a vehicle waahing spongea and
chamois. At Saddler's or 307 Market at.
BREWSTER landau. Berlin coach, good order,
cheap. LINDAUER'S. 841 Folaom st. /
WANTED—To buy a good and stylish road
horse. Address box 3297, Call office.
FOR Eale—Good horse and wagon; cheap. In
quire at 547 Mission at.
FOR aale—Two well matched buckskin horses,
gentle: a bargain. 2111 Baker st.
$30, black team; wagon with pole, ahafts, $20;
saddle horse, $15; must sell. 2728 Bryant.
A YOUNG fresh cow and second calf for sale;
must be sold. Call at 3227 Twentieth st.
FOR sale—lo second-hand express wagons, one
single truck. 233 Beale St.
AUCTION rale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
I HOTELS.
HOTEL BALTIMORE, 1015 Van Neaa aye —
Thla flrst-elass hotel, now belnj, conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
season or year. Location la unsurpassed. The
equipments are all modern, with every con
venience. The rooms are large, aunny and
comfortable; superb view; furnishings are all
elegant. Culalno higheat order. H. C. SHAN
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langham,
New York, and Moana Hotel, Honolulu.
INSTALLMENT BUILDING.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes. 512 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and intereat on
each $1000 of balance due, making your In
stallments less than rent; aend for circular.
LOST AND POUND.
LOST—Bull terrier dog. pure white; name
Woodlavtn Wonder, Friday night. Dec. 30.
in vicinity of Green and Buchanan ats.;
property of Arthur W. Spear. Suitable re
ward by returning dog to 2057 Green st.
! LOST—Diamond crescent pin on Sutter St.,
Gouch or Pine. A suitable reward will be
paid If returned to Hotel St. Francis.
LOST—Envelcpe with McNAMARA accounts;
reward. 1833 McAllister st.;
telephone Fell 7121.
$20 REWARD for return of silverware.
Initialed E. K. and X.; lost on Dec. 25.
1006 Benton St., Alameda.
LOST—On Market, puree containing 2 rings,
dla. A sapphire. Lib. reward. 1656 O'Farrell.
$20 REWARD: no questions asked; loat, Dec.
81. etring gold beads. Return to 30 Baker st.
! LADY'S gold watch; L. K. on case; Market or
O'Farrell. Return 53 Crocker bldg.; reward.
i LOST—Tuesday night; a pair gold eye-glaaaes;
liberal reward. 338 Fell st.
i FOUND —Ocld badge, headquarters Co. L, L.
C. C. Apply Baumgartner, 1045 Market st.
; LOST— Sunday afternoon. Dec. 11. at beach,
• south of Park, black Scotch collie bitch.
Suitable reward if returned to 1326 Forty
ninth aye.. Boulevard station, or for infor
mation of' whereabouts.
LOST —A pasa book with the Hibernla Savlnga
I and Loan Society of San Franclaco in the
I name of ELLEN PANGAROW. No. 176-462;
the finder will please return to bank.
j LAUNCHES FOB HIRE.
[C. LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
j at.: for pleasure and business; tel Bush 534
MISCELLANEOUS —POB SALE.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin. shingle, felt or Iron
: rocf ? Cover it with Mastic Roofing. It is best
1 for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaka. Write
iub about It. Elaterite Roofing Co.. 713 Market.
i 2D-HAND machinery, enginea, boilers, pumps,
pilleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought. Bold,
rented and exchanged; Bee Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
SOLID maho.any cabinet, 125 years old. fine
I cendition; 100 gross nickel plated brass
tubea, 4x 9-32. new; also 20-mile day-night
! _lass. Apply all week 616 East Twenty
second St.. Oakland. '
; DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry Bold on
credit by paying one-fifth down, balance pay
ab'e at your own convenience. Pacific Jew
i etry Co., 21 Stockton st.. second floor.
FOR salt —Barber shop. 3 chairs, good location:
lease; cheap rent: good chance for right man;
selling on account of slckneae. Addresa box
C. Call office. San Jose.-
I BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN
TOSH ft WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A—BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
gines hellers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
ate, 'WHITELAW. 253-265 Spear at.
r REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel.)
■ THY < ur men's shoes at $t and $1 60 pair;
toot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay expreas
rharges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
! DIAMONDS and Jewelry on amall weekly or
; monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont
fcomery ft., room 12. upataira.
' WANTED —A watchdag: must be good tem
pered and young. Call J. J. CAREY Sr.,
j 1370 Eddy St., before 2 p. m.
MAGIO lantern for ttereoptlcon work, with
acetylene tank; price $40. Temple Occult
i Science, 1015 Sutter St.. afternoons.
j GASOLINE and steam engines for autos and
launches; new; half cost. 2120 Eagle aye.,
Alameda.
HOLSTEIN bull. C montha old; eligible for
registration; will sell cheap. Apply at 138
Mateo at.
• FOR rale —Sal>le cape, nf.arly new: 26 Inches
long. MISS TILTON, 154 Ninth st.
' ALL kinds fancy pigeons for sale. GEO. C.
NUTTING. 2020 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale —A Jewell gas range, with water
back. Call to-day. 511 Fell st.
! A VERY fine sealskin coat for Fale at a bar
j gain at Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Siockton st.
iWE keep flrat-clara pisoons only; no tra>h
j Gkr.mcrc Pigeon Loft 3. Elmhurst. Cal.
FOR tale—Edison moving picture machine and
ICOO feet of film at $75. Box 34C5. Call office
COUNTER and 'arge table for sale. Call Mon
day. 884 Howard rt.
N*ME tbe baby; 20(0 namea 10c. WILLIAM
'WALKER, 909 Kearny at., San Franc'aco.
i HEN pigeons. Hen pigeons. Fine birds. 474
Edwards St.. Oakland.
BEAUTIFUL white polar bc&rsktn. mounted;
i sacrifice; nt Taxidermist. 11 City Hal' square.
FOR sale—Counter platform scale* one barrel
oil tank, cheese case, cheap, lead Poat st.
ELASTIC stocking*. $2. Factory 107 OFsrrell
, st. JOHN W. HOPEWELL.
: FOR sale reasonable, three flne paintings by
celebrated European artiste. 412 Sutter ft.
! FOR sale—Second-hand bath tubs, slabs, bowls
{ and pipe. 3C»i Jesaiei at., from 4 to 6.
PURCHASER for complete set of unused Ca
nadian Jubilee atampa. Box 8065. Call.
TOWEY'S furniture polish removea apota and
stains; free delivery. 370 Fell at.
SAFES and caah registers; new and second
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1325 Market at.
MISCELLANEOUS—POB SALE—Con.
.l'-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, aaaa.
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
DESKS bought. Bold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co., 807 Mission st.: tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, aa'e, rental;
bargaina. Bullard & Breck, 131 Poat at.
SAFES—New and second-hand. THE HER
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery at.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting. painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Mala 413.
GASOIIN'E engines, automobiles and launches;
all siaes. J. E. HOAX, 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAA A A—Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast
oft clothing. Tat Davis 825. eSO Sacramento gt.
DIAMONDS and precious stonea bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO., r. 405, Adams
bldg.. 20fi Kearny at.: phone Black 3036.
PATS special price cast-off fancy ladles' dress -
cc. gents' clothes. 922 Fols* n.; tel. Red 77.
HIGHEST pricea paid for ladies' and gents'
eastoff clothing. TILTON. 154 Ninth at.
" —R—E—X—ft- -A—D—l—O—' S—"
HUMANIZED "RADIUM" TREATMENT
"THOUSANDS" have been promptly, auc
cessfully treated for vartoua alleged incur
able diseases, Including over TWELVE
HUNDRED cases of TOTAL DEAFNESS.
Multitude of "testimonials," also REFER
ENCES to grateful patients. Conaultatton
free: terms moderate. 1 Fourth at. (up
stairs), corner Market.
AA—WHT look oldT • - -
Fifteen day rate will now be given by MME.
GILLINGHAM; a lady 72 yeara of age with
wrinkles and pufflness removed from one side
of the face can be seen daily; write for book
let. 143 Stockton et.. cor. Geary.
SPECIAL BETWEEN SEASON LOW RATES
this week for facial bautifylng; a face with
out a wrinkle with the contour an I fresh
color of youth may be had through my
scientific treatment; consultation and book
let free. M. ELLA HARRIS. 128 Geary at.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im
proves Its growth.stops felling,cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists',hairdressers' ;ac
cept no substitute. Star Remedy C 0..1338 Polk
RAG oarpetn wove to order and for aale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres, dealer in
carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth St.. Oakland.
RUGS made from old carpets; Ingrain brus
aela. tapestry and moquette: chenille curtains
woven Into new ruga. Fluff Rug Factory,
862 Market at.. Oakland: take West Bth car.
ADVERTISING WORLD. Columbus, Ohio, a
monthly Journal of Information, plane, aug
geationa and ideas for advertising. Send to
day for free sample, or 10c for 4 months' trial.
ROYALTY paid on song poems and musical
compositions. We arrange and popularise.
PIONEER MUSIC PUB. CO.. INC.. 600
Manhattan building, Chicago, 111.
HAIR growers. Are you using the right one?
Beat, recipes and treatment for each kind of
baldnesa. All 25c. Box 14. Sheepranch, Cel.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1899. 2122 Fillmore et.; phone Geary 2063.
AT less than coet: uncalled for suite, over
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS',
London Tailor. 721 Market at.
YOU can buy 875 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st.. near Powell.
WOULD like promoter en the patenting of
novelties ar.d other utilities. CHAS. E.
HUNTER. 201% Polk at.
INFANTS adopted; housekeeping rms If de
sired. Dr. Funke, 1416 Eighth st., Alameda.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511 A Leavenworth St.. be
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 897.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per weak.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors, 729 Market at.
EASY Installments for Men and Y'outhe. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring. 117 Mkt.
$1 a week; auits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
Superflifoua hair removed: electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton,366 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary.r.3B.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dresa pants. $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupcnt.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1 at all druggists'.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at
torney-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market at.
PURCHASING AGENCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit
ed. 306 Larkin st., room 49; tel. South 819.
BOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT. 421—Two sunny rooms, nicely fur
nished for housekeeping; gas.
BUCHANAN. 931—Nice furnished rooms; also
use of kitchen; reasonable.
BUCHANAN. 1404 —Three rooms furniahed for
housekeeping.
DIAMOND, 810—3 furnished rooma for house
keeping.
EDDY, 743—Two sunny well furnished house
keeping rooma; gas range, yard, etc.
EDDY 870— Elegantly furnished parlors and
other rooma for houaekeeplng.
FIRST, 319— Sunny double, single and houae
keeplng rooms.
FOURTH, 73 —Two housekeeping. $10; unfur
nished. $8: electric lights; phone.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 439—Furnished room.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 631—Nice single rooms
for housekeeping.
GEARY, 1225—Fine, sunny, bay-window suite;
all conveniences; nice marine view; also
other choice rooms; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 357—Newly furnished
sunny front rooms, light housekeeping; lock
door; bath.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 219 —Front room for twa
gentlemen: one front housekeeping room.
GROVE. 32—Unfurnished rooms for house
keeping.
HARRISON 2408%. het. 20th and 21st—2 sun
ny front rooms, with bath: gas range; gaa
Included; $12. \
H\WTHORNE. 180—Sunny unfurnlahed room,
with use of bath, gas; kitchen and laundry.
HYDE, 1515 —3 or 4 large sunny rooms fee
housekeeping, furnished or unfurnished.
HOWARD. 640—Front sun. suite.grate, 2 beds,
$3 50 wk.; hskpg.prlvate kltch.; no children.
HOWARD. 822—One suite houaekeeplng; alao
single.
HOFF aye., 31, bet. Sixteenth and Seventeenth
sts. —Nice sunny room; light housekeeping.
HOWARD, 1703—2 sunny nicely furnished
housekeeping rooma: gaa range, bath, etc.
HOWARD. 1 rooma.
JACKSON. 1609, cor. Polk—New and nicely
furniahed front housekeeping rooma. com
plete; marine view; $20. .
KEARNY. 305—Nice front room, with fire
place; also hkpg. rooms, with gas and bath.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heated,
electric lighted; free baths; ratea reasonable.
I.ANUTON. 13. nr. 7th, off Howard —3 neatly
furniahed rooma for housekeeping; reaa.
LARKIN. SlUVj—Nice, large houaekeeplng
room: gas stove; fcath.
LARKIN. 1214. near Pine—3 newly furniahed
sunny housekeeping rooms; yard: $18.
LARKIN, 10O4— 2 sunny front connecting
rcotris; running water; gaa range; reaaonable.
LAPAYETTE, 16—2 furnished housekeeping
rooms, with hath; $13.
LASKIE 27. off Mlaston. bet. Eighth and
Ninth—2 furnished rooms for housekeeping.
LEAVENWORTH, <To6—Two sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms. |
LIBERTY. 502—2 unfurnished sunny rooma for
light housekeeping, use of bath.
MCALLISTER 1953—Three sunny houaekeep
lng rooms; hath and laundry; new flat; $16.
MARKET. 1135. near Valencia —2 sunny aide
rooma. with coal stove; $11.
MASON. 400—FurniBhed rooma; alao houae
keeplng.
MONTGOMERY. 1051. tel. Black 6713—Sunny
front aulte housekeeping rooma.
MISSION, 1150—2 rooms, complete for house
keeping, $10.
For A'loltlonal Classified Advertise
ments See Pago lv,
8940
BOOMS TPS HOUSEEXFP^G —Con.
MISSION, 1251%. cor. Ninth—Two furnished
front rooms, with connecting kitchen, coal
atove, alnk: $14; private house.
MISSION, 1349—Sunny front suite; housekeep
ing rooms; coal stove; yard; $12.
OAK. 117—Roorris complete, housekeeping; $5
to $12; gaa range: hot bath: adults.
OAK~GROVE~ave.. 19, bet. Fifth and Sixth—2
connecting rooms; gas; bath; laundry. ■
OCTAVIA, 1232—1 or 2 housekeeping rooma,
rent reaaonable.
OCTAVIA 1403, cor. Geary—Large sunny bay.
window; gas range; running water; closet.
O'FARRELL, 820—Houaekeeplng rooma, en
suite and single; sunny side; cheap; con
van lencea. ______——-—.
O'FARRELL. 208—3 connecting rooma; gaa
range, running water; complete: 2 beda.
O'FARRELL, 610— Housekeeping rooma to let.
PAGE, 278—2 houaekeeplng rooma; hot bath;
$I*.
POLK, 1643, cor. Clay—2 nicely furniahed aun
ny front rooms. $18; 2 back rooms. $12.
SOUTH PARK, 137—3 housekeeping rooms for
rent
SOUTH PARK. 116—2 back rooms for house
keeping; rent $10. _
SOUTH PARK, 106—Housekeeping rooma
SOUTH PARK. 84—Housekeepi
' STANYAN. 810. opp. G. O. Park—Suit sunny
" furnished rooms, slnglee or light hkpg.
STEVENSON, 255 —Single room, $1; front room
for tailor or florist; housekeeping; complete;
$1-75.
SEVENTH, 314—Sunny furnished room to let
for hcrtisekeeplr.g.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3305, near Mlsalon—2
small housekeeping rooms, $8; gaa, yard;
no' children.
TWELFTH. 145—Sunny furnished suites of 2
. and 3 rooms for housekeeping.
THIRD. 362—Nicely furnished room for house
keeping; $6 month.
TWO rooma for housekeeping. Box 3730, Call
office.
VALENCIA, 822—2 aunny furniahed housekeep
ing rooms; electric lights: gas stove; $15.
.VALENCIA. 210 —2 sunny front rooms; light
housekeeping; private family.
'VAN NESS aye., 51_-Parlor suite and kitchen
complete for housekeeping.
8 ROOMS to let for housekeeping. Box 3444,
Call office.
BOOMS TO LET—Furn. and Unfurn.
_~ : TH e~ a l : ditorium hotel
the auditorium hotel
-115 and 117 eddy st.
115 and 117 eddy st.
most modern and up-to-date ho-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 rooms; 35 SUITES
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS; STEAM HEATED THROUGH
OUT- TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
SUITES WITH BATH. $1 _50 TO $2 50 PER
DAY- SINGLE ROOMS. 76c TO $1; HOT
-WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
ASHWORTH HOTEL
820 Mason st. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition Just comc-leted; entire house
newly renovated; sun In rooms all day.
ATKINS, corner Third st. and Park lane —New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water; electric lights; only flrst-clasa house
in locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
A—BRUNSWICK Houae. 148 Sixth st.—Rooma
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)—Rooms, 25c to 60c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House: over Owl drug store; 2 en
• trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk—Electric
. lights running water In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BUSH, 502—Sunny front rooms, single, suites;
central; low rates. «
BUSH. 1338, near Polk—Furnished sunny
room, with home privileges; $6.
BROADWAY. 730—Room to let.
BUSH, 1911—Room to let.
BUSH, 2444 —Sunny furnished room to let
BRYANT. 412 —Sunny furnished room.
BUSH, 1105, near Leavenworth —Pleasant
sunny room for gentleman; running water;
gas, bath, etc.
LUSH, 1255—Single furnished room, private
family. $6.
BUSH, 1671—Nice room in new flat; closet, use
of bath for lady or gentleman, $5 per month.
BUSH. 2444— Sunny furnished room.
CALIFORNIA, 1204—Nice sunny front room;
running water; large closet; nice location.
CARL, 21—Furnished sunny room to let.
DEVISADERO. 1301 A—Fine furnished room.
EDDY, 432 —Nice rooms; pleasant and aunny;
reasonable.
.EDDY, 871—Newly furnished rooms, suitable
for ene or more gentlemen; reasonable; bath,
running water; phone East 1174.
EDDY, 1326—Sunny furnished front room to
let.
EIGHTH aye., 574 —Sunny bay-window room;
fine view; nr. Golden Gate Park; reasonable.
ELEVENTH. 34—1 sunny furnished room.
ELLIS 732 —Nicely furnished rooma.
ERIE. 34%—T0 let. neat furnished room.
ELEVENTH. 117—Furnished rooms to let
EDDY. 1407—Rooms to let.
FIFTH, 403 —Furnished sunny room.
PULTON, 036—Furnished room to let.
FURNISHED room to let to gentleman; most
desirable locality. Apply at 776 Fulton st
FOLSOM, 620—Furnished rooms to let
FELL, 983 —Furnished room. ,
FOURTH, 325—Furnished rooms to let.
EDDY, 739 —Rooms to let
EDDY, 1233—Furnished room to let
ELLIS. 1347—A nicely furnished front room:
rent $20.
FREMONT, '328—Nice furnished sunny roonu
to let, $5. $0, $7.
FELL, 1030—Room to let.
FELL. 251, near Franklin—A front room, bath,
telephone, etc.; no sign out.
FRANKLIN. 1430—Sunny furnished rooms to
let. , • ■
FOURTH aye., 278—Room to let
FRONT room to let. 3445. Call.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 357—Newly furnished
sunny roonis,sl 50. $2 50 up ; bath; lock door.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission—Rooms 85e
to $1 25 * l _ _- o _' C wk ' : reaa, ng-room.
GREEN. 724 A—Room to let.
GROVE. 727—Rooms to let.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 430—Furnished room.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 530— Unfurnished rooms.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 315—Furnished rooms
to let.
GREEN, 2283—Unfurnished front room to let;
rent reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 430—Furnished rooms.
GEARY, 878—Large back room; 2 closets;
grate, etc.; $10 per month.
GOLDEN GATE, 1033, near Jefferson Park—
H nice furnished rooms to let.
HARRISON, 641—Furnished rooma,
j BOOMS^TO^JtET —Fnra.^wd^jrj>afnrn.^
HOWARD, 715—Furnished rooms, single or
double; central location.
HOWARD court. 7 —Sunny furnished room.
HYDE, 7*4 —Furnished room to let.
] HOWARD. 2110 A—Nice furnished rooms to let.
i HAVES, 447—Furnished rooma
HAVES. 836—Furnished front sunny room.
HAWTHORNE. 8. near Third—Neat furnished
room. m
HAIGHT, 56—Nice sunny rooms.
HOWARD, 14241.4 —A nice sunny room, rent
$5; also can use for housekeeping.
1 ■
HOWARD. 734%—Furnished rooma to let
_
! HOWARD, 914 —Furnished rooms.
HARRISON. 2410. bet. 20th and 21st—Front
room, furnished suitable for 2 men; rent $5.
HOWARD. 752 —Nice sunny room to let.
HOWARD, 2119C —Nice furnished rooms to let
HOWARD. 716—A room to let.
i HARRISON. 618—Furnished rooma.
1 "
! HOWARD. 762—Furnished rooma to let.
1 . —— -
J JACKSON, 1580—Handaome furniahed rooms.
! JESSIE, 328— Sunny room to let
i JESSIE, 307—Nice aunny furnished single
rooms, from $1 per week up.
JONES, 608—Single and double aunny fur
nished rooms.
j KEARNY*. 215 —Front room to let; alao other
rooma.
KEARNY. 418 —Fine front aunny rooma for
$2 50 per week.
I LARKIN. 3% —Bright sunny furnished rooms;
good location.
I LARKIN, 483—Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
) ■
i LARKIN. 804 —Sinele sunny room.
j LARKIN. 817% —Sunny corner room for light
j housekeeping; reasonable.
I LARKIN, 801—Large sunny front room for 1
or 2 gents; grate; $8.
LARKIN, 934—R00m for two; private family;
homelike.
1 LILY aye.. 18 —Furnished rooma to let.
! LILY aye., 308%, near Laguna—Sunny front
j room for lady.
MARKET, 1049 (The Falmouth) —Sunny rooma;
$2 60 to $7 week; hatha; elevator; alao hkpg.
I MCALLISTER, 14—Large, light, aunny rooms,
unfurnished: suitable housekeeping; reason
able; elevator.
METROPOLITAN Hotel, 129 Third St.—4oo
' single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day,
$2 to $8 week; the only new and modern
! hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
t In every room and gives free baths and ele
vator service day and night to its guests.
I _ —
MINNA, 156—Furnished rooms to let.
MINNA, 217—2 furnished rooms to let.
' McALLISTER, 864—Rooms to let.
MISSION. 1055 —Nice sunny single room; $1 75
per week.
' MONTGOMERY. 127—Furnished rooms to let.
j MINNA, 274 —To let, sunny front room.
I MARY, 28. near Fifth —Nice aunny front fur
niahed room; $4 per month.
MISSION. 1514 —Furnished rooma to let
MARKET, 620 —Room to let.
MARKET, 917 —Furnished rooms.
i — '
. MARKET, 993 —Furnished rooms.
| ' _____
I MARKET, 2482%—R00m to let.
MINNA, 321 —A nicely furnished front room
to let
. MISSION. 1639B —Nice large room for 3 men,
cheap; also front room; grate, bath; with
j or without board.
' MISSION, 3010 —A sunny room,
i ____
! MINNA, 096 —Neat, furnished rooms.
; MINNA, 559A —Furnished rooma; $1 50 per
] week.
i MISSION, 1607. nr. Twelfth—Sunny single fur
nished front room, $5; other room; gaa, bath.
| __
MARKET. 2450%— Furnished room to let.
: McALLISTER. 751 —Furnished front alcove;
grate; hot and cold water; phone; ref.; $12.
MOPS, 18 —4 rooms and gas; rent $15 per
; month.
MISSION. 561.. near Second —Large front bed
room, furnished, for I or 2 gentlemen; also
neat bedroom for lady, with use of kitchen.
NATOMA. 625—4 rooms unfurnished.
NOE. 241 —Furnished room: reasonable.
OAK. 409A —Sunny front room for lady; gas,
bath.
O'FARRELL, 797. corner Larkin —Nicely fur
nished sunny bay window room; also suit
with connecting bath; cheap.
O'FARRELL, 230 —Nice sunny rooms, single
or double: house changed hands.
POST. 610—Room to let.
! POWELL, 988—Furniahed rooma.
PERRY. 182—Furnished rooma.
PROSPECT aye. 818—Furniahed room.
POWELL, 506—Single front room, nicely fur
nished.
PINE, near Powell—s sunny rooms and bath;
rent $25. Inquire box 3462, Call.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis—lncandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par
lor; rooms per ::Ight. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8: month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; biths.
RAUSCH. 71 —F\irnlshcd room to let.
SECOND. 149—Furnished room to let.
SIXTH, 224 —Nice furnished rooms; reasonable;
good location. *
SIXTH, 312—Furnished rooma.
SOUTH PARK. 87—A room to let.
SUTTER. 427—Furnished room to let.
STEVENSON, 835—Sunny furnished rooms to
let.
SOUTH PARK. 106—Furnished room.
i STEVENSON, 276—Nice front room to let;
$2 week.
SOUTH PARK. 84—Furnished room.
SEVENTH. 814%—Furnished sunny room to
let
j SIXTH. 17—For rent, nicely furnished front
J room.
i SAN JOSE aye.. 884—Sunny room.
SAN JOSE aye., 267—Sunny front room, newly
furnished; private family.
SOUTH PARK, 187 — *fne aunny room for rent.
SIXTEENTH, 2822—Sunny furniahed room;
single or double.
TAYLOR. 719 —Large sunny front room, suit
able for two. Phone Larkin 4048.
THIRD. 308 (The Alta)—Nice clean trans'ent
rooms from 26c up; also housekpg. rooms.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1905
HOOKS TO LET —Furc. and Unftira. j
' !
THE ST. KATHRYN, CORNER ELLIS AND '
LEAVENWORTH STS.—POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY: NEW j
SANITARY HAIR MATRESSES. BATHS. ,
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SF.RV- I
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE; ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
TURK. 123—Clean, sunny furnished rooms.
with board; suite or single; housekeeping;
_$3 up.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3305. near Mission—Two
small rooms, furn.; gas, yard; no children.
TENTH, 270—Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; gas. bath, gas range.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3174—Furnished room to
let.
TURK, 1163—Rooms with board.
TURK. 123—Clean, sunny furn. rooms, with
board; suite or single; housekeeping; $5 up.
TEHAMA, 168—Rooms to let.
THIRTEENTH. 58. near Folsom—Large sunny
front room, 810; another 85.
THIRD, 251—Furnished rooms.
TURK. 325—Furnished rooms to let.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 2127—Rooms to let.
THIRD, 251—Furnished rooms to let.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 4032—3 sunny rooms and
bath; rent 512; no children.
TURK. 816—Large single room for gentleman.
VENDOME. 1104 Market—Furn. rooms, suite
or single; suites $5 week up. 16 Turk.
UNITED STATE 3. 123 Eddy, nr. Market—4oo :
rooms 36c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room: elevatcr, read.-room; free bus, baggage.
VAN NESS aye , 300—Room to let.
VAN NESS aye., 620—Large furnished room.
VAN NESS aye., 908—Sunny furnished rooms
to let.
VAN NESS aye., 1008—Sunny rooms to let,
furnished or unfurnished.
WILLIAM, 112—Room to let.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St., nr. Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
Ssc to $1 50 nightly: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus, baggage.
WEBB House—Rooms to let.
BOOMS AND BO ABB.
HOTEL L'AIGLON. 601 Geary st.—Large,
sunny rooms, board; suites, with board for 2.
(60 mo.; single, with board, 825 up; special
family rates; Just renovated.
GOLDEN GATE aye. 1031, nr Jefferaon Park,
fur. front rms. bath; private houae; good
board. $20. $22; 2 $32. $86 month.
LEAVENWORTH. 1023—Sunny rooms with
board; reasonable; good home cooking; bath;
phone; central.
NICE, large room for 3 men. cheap: also front
room, grate, bath with or without board.
16398 Mission st.
EXCELLENT home cooking, $4 per week;
with large sunny room. $5. 323 First St.
TABLE board. 316 Minna st.
COMORA (The), 621 O'Farrell—Quiet, homey;
rates, service, table satisfactory; billiards.
HAIGHT, 68, near Market—Handsomely fur
nished room, with good German board.
ROOM and board for lady or gentleman. 229
California aye.
SUNNY front rooms, with excellent board; rea
sonable. 1109 Franklin st.
RAUSCH, 85, near Folsom—Good home for old
gentleman or lady; terms cheap.
MASON. 615 A. near Sutter —Room and board
for lady; private family.
CALIFORNIA. 807—Best rooms, table and ser
vice in tha city for the least money.
ELLIS. 463—Splendid single rooms with best
of French table board; reasonable.
A WEEK'S news for 6 rents—The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BOOMS ASP BOAEP WANTED.
BY refined young lady, aunny, well-furnished
room, running water, grate, closet; within
twenty minutes' walk of Merchants' Ex
change, with or without lunch; references;
state price. Box 3431, Call office.
ROOM with breakfast and dinner by single
man with highest references and accustomed
to refined home; price not exceeding $8 per
week. Box 3717, Call office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions haa
been opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
WANTED —Room and board for 2 adults; atate
rates and location. Box 3103, Call office.
WANTED —Gentleman wants room and board;
no boarders. Box 3686. Call office.
FOR students coming to the city to attend col.
lege. Box 3506. Call office.
BOOMS WANTED.
WANTEI>—An unfurnished room from First
st. to Tenth st. and north and south Market
St.. not exceed $5 a month. Box 3204. Call.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
THE opportunity of a lifetime to buy the j
best sewing machine In the world at little
price la now; the place Is the new retail
office of the White Co., 915 Market at.; all
shop-worn and used machines are being
closed out regardless of cost to manufacture;
sale now going on.
ALL makes; 2d-hand. $2, $5, $7, $9; new, $4, $8;
drop heads, 5-drawer. golden oak, $15; rented,
repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic
S. M. Co., 145 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 3796.
DOMESTIC—The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all klnda rented lowest ratea. Domes
tic office, 1021 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3. $5, $8; slightly
used $10, $15, $20: you know where the dolls
swing In the window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission at.
A WEEK'S newa for 5 cents —The WeekJr Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A—EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 726
-731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 10 Drumm at.; I
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, prea.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co., of
flce Post and Powell sts.: tel. Prlv. Ex. 671.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com
pany, 2320 Fillmore at.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
at.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut ratea.
A WEEK'S newa for 5 centa—The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
—EGA— NOTICES.
NOTlCE.—Office of Insurance Commissioner,
State of California, San Franclaco, December
—, 1904—T0 Whom It May Concern: Pur
suant to the requirements of section 596 of
the Political Code, notice is hereby given
that the Ocean Accident A Guarantee Cor
poration. Limited, of London, haa surren
dered its certificate of authority previously
granted by this department, thus withdraw
ing from buslneaa In this State, and said
company la no longer authorized to transact
business therein. E. MYRON WOLF. In
surance Commissioner.
NOTICE —Office of Insurance Commissioner,
State of California, Ban Francisco, December
—. 1904.—T0 whom it may concern: Pur
suant to the requirements of section 595 of
the Political Code, notice la hereby given
that the Firemen's Insurance Company of
Baltimore has withdrawn from business in
this State, and said company Is no longer
authorized to transact business therein. E.
MYRON WOLF. Insurance Commissioner.
NOTICE —Office of Insurance Commissioner,
State of California, San Franclaco, December
—, 1904. —To whom it may concern: Pur
auant to the requirements of section 695 of
the Political Code, notice is hereby given
that the Greenwich Insurance Company of
New York has surrendered its certificate of
authority previously granted by this depart
ment, thua withdrawing from busineaa in
thla State, and said company la no longer
authorized to transact business therein. E
MYRON WOLF. Insurance Commissioner.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cel.. Dec. 15, 1904.—T0
whom it may concern: Be It hereby known
that the copartnership heretofore e.-.istlng
between D. J. O'HARA and F. J. MONA
HAN, under the firm name ot MONAHAN.
O'HARA A CO., is hereby dissolved. Tha
said D. J. O'HARA withdrawing from the
said concern and his name discontinued.
DANIEL J. O'HARA. F. i. MONAHAN.
I STOP DRINKING. _
GUARANTEED cure; send SOc: tablet form:
1 mailed in plain package; has cured thou
sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg- 3. F.
I SPECIAL NOTICES.
i A GUARANTEED cure for piles; PETER
FREILING S pile salve, $1 per box; war
ranted to cure all cases of bleeding. Itching,
external. Internal or protruding piles, also
fistula, without fall, no matter how long
standing. 1628 Devlsadero Bt., near Sutter.
TTFE WRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange. 636 California st.
2D-HAND typewriter sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. C 0..608 Market.
TO -EASE.
BUILDINGS TO LEASE.
A new 75-room lodging-house, within 5 mln.
utes' walk from Market St.; long lease; Al
proposition. SPECK A CO., 208 Montgomery.
BUILDINGS TO LEASE.
Apartment-house; 42 rooms with baths; 1
choice location; rent $5 50 per room; best]
proposition to-day. SPECK A CO.. 209 Mont
gomery st. j
VTA VI. j
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters' j
home treatment; booklet free; write for it.
VIAVI CO., Van Ness. Phone East 282.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. |
DIVIDEND NOTICE: The Giant Powder I
Company, Con.-|-A dividend, No. 73, of Htty .
cents (SOc) per ahare on the issued capital j
stock of the company has been declared pay- ;
able at the office of the company, rooms :
202. 204 and 206 Hayward bldg.. San Fran
clsco. on Jan. 10 1905. Transfer books close
j Jan. 3. 1905. at" noon. C. C. QUINN, Sec. ,
; DIVIDEND NOTlCE—ltalian American Bank,
comer Montgomery and Sacramento sts. —
For the half-year ending December 31. a
dividend haa been declared at the rate of
3% per cent per annum on all aavlngs de
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday, January 3. 1906. A. SBARBORO.
President; A. E. SBARBORO. Cashier.
OFFICE of The Htbernla Savings and Loan
Society, cor. Market, McAlllater and Jones
sts.—San Francisco. Dec. 28, 1904. —At a
regular meeting of the board of directors ofv
thia society, held this day. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one
half (3%) per cent per annum on all deposits
for the six months ending December 31.
1904, free from all taxes, and payable on
and after January 3, 1905*, ROBERT J.
TOBIN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE—Central Truat Company,
42 Montgomery street—For the six months
ending December 31. 1904. dividends have
been declared on the deposits In the savings
department of this company as follows: On
term deposits at the rate of 3 6-10 per cent |
per annum and on ordinary deposits at the |
rate of 3% per cent per annum, free from j
taxes and payable on and after Tueaday.
January 3. 1906. %
H. BRUNNER. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice—San Francisco and Subur
ban Home Building Society. sth floor. Mutual
havings Bank bundle*, 708 Market at., op
posite Third at.—For the half-year ending
December 31, 1904, a dividend has been de
clared at the rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital stock and participating cer
tincatea. free from taxes, payable on and
after Monday January 2. 190 S.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD, Manager.
J. M. DUKE. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice—California Safe Deposit
and Trust Coair~_T. corner California and
Montgomery ats. —For the alx montha ending
December 31. 1004. dividends have been de
clared on the deposits in the savings depart
ment of this company as follows: On term
deposits, at the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per
annum, and on ordinary depoaita at the rate
of 3 per vent per annum, free of taxes, and
pavablo on and after Tuesday, January 3,
1905. J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
DIVIDEND notice—Mechanics' Savings Bank,
soathweat corner Bush and Montgomery ata.— i
For the halt year ending with December 31, j
1904. a dividend has been declared at the i
rate of three and one-quarter (3%) per cent
per annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay
able on and after Tuesday. January 3, 1906.
Deposits bear interest from date received.
FREDERICK H. CLARK. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE—SECURITY SAVINGS
BANK. 222 Montgomery at.. Mills building:
for naif year ending December 31, 1904,
dividends upon all depoaita at the rate of
three and one-quarter (3%) per cent per
annum, free ot taxes, will be payable on
and after January 3. 1906. FRED W. RAY,
Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings Bank, now at 626 Market
street, opposite Palace Hotel, for the half- i
year, ending December 31, 1904, haa declared
a dividend on depoaita at the rate of three i
and one-quarter (3%) per cent per annum,
free of taxes, payable on and after Tues
day, January 3. 1906.
W. E. PALMER. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice—Savings and Loan Society.
101 Montgomery st.. corner of Sutter, haa
declared a dividend for the term ending
December 31. 1904, at the rate of three and
one-auarter (3%) per cent per annum on ail
deposits, free of taxes and payable on and
after January 2. 1903. CYRUS W. CAR
MANY. Caahier.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE—Mutual Bavlnga Bank of
San Franclaco, 710 Market at.—For the half
year ending December 31, 1904, a dividend
has been declared at the rate of three and
one-quarter (3%) per cent per annum on all
deposits, free of taxea, payable on and after
Tuesday. January 3 1906. GEORGE A
STORY, caahier.
THE Continental Building and Loan Aaaocla- >
tion of 301 California at., San Francisco,
has declared a dividend for the alx months '
ending December 31, 1904, of 6 per cent per {
annum on ordinary deposits; 6 per cent on |
term deposits, and 7 per cent on claaa "F"
Installment atock. DR WASHINGTON
DODGE, president: WM. CORBIN, secretary.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING, j
! MELBOURNE system; 2 schools; 810 Diamond 1
j 521 Franklin. Inquire 521 Franklin, 8 to 12. |
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
i
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Rogue de Rosa, 23. 427 Grove street, and
Hazel C. Hansen. 21, 2740 Fillmore street.
Christopher A. Jarde, 33, 154 Hawthorne st
and Marie Stangeland, 18. 1118 Treat avenue.
Alfred Friedman, 21. 340 Geary at., and Hul
dah S. Dannenbaum. 18, 2231 Franklin street.
Detlef Vollmert, 38, 3952 Eighteenth street,
and Annie Howe, 41, 1 Railway avenue.
Henry U. Brandenstein, 21, city, and May
Colman, 18, city.
Jesse B. Rust, 32, Vallejo, and Sadie Fitz
gerald 34, Sacramento.
Lulg'l Gurnettl. 34. 1413 A Mason street, and
Luvlsa Zucca, 22, 558 O'Farrell street.
Frank S. Cady. 22. Santa Barbara, and Nan
nelle Yocum, 22, Grldley.
Nets Ekatrom, 25, 1229 Broadway, and
Louisa Erlckson, 31, 1229 Broadway.
Albert Veyhle, 25, 335% Twelfth street, and
Theresa Bonifleld, 20. 155 Linden avenue.
John Hestln. 39, 1307 Stockton street, and
Louise Frances 29, 1312 Stockton street.
Frank E. Relman, 31, Oakland, and Matilda
S. Kaskela. 32. city.
Kenry E. Zimmerman, 29, 416 Turk street,
and Cariha Elliott, 28, Wadena, Minn.
Ely, 25. Grafton, and Addy F.
Robinson. 21, 702 O'Farrell atreet.
Herman Harris, 45. 1145 Turk atreet, and
Cella Cohn, 40, 1386 Ellis street. ,
Christian S. McCarthy, 28, Tonopah, Nev.,
and Ella M. Cheney. 19, city.
Charles A. Hauber, 36, Walla Walla, Wash.,
and Elletta L. Wiltz, 21, San Joee.
Chris C. Strove. 31. Watsonville, and Edna
K. Palmtag. 31, Watsonville.
Carlos C. Leete, 21. 519 Van Ness avenue,
and Minnie Miller, 26, 519 Van Neaa avenue.
Marcus E. Jackson, 31, Sausalito, and Anna
F. Booth, 20, 1661 Bush street.
Emll E. Stack, 27. Oakland, and Susannah
R White. 26 1201 Gough street.
James Mall'on, 28. 3869 Twenty-third atreet,
and Nora Rogers, 18, 21 Lang ton atreet.
Thomas W. Thompaon, 24, city, and Lulu K.
Bennett. 24, city.
Michael J. Costellb, 41. 116 Stockton street,
and Carmelita G. Salcedo, 41, 110 Stockton at.
William C. Carlon. 21, 326 EUla street, and
Minnie P. Jones, 21, 326 Ellis street.
William D. Hoffman, 32, Springville, N. V.,
and Mary A. Coughlln, 26, Buffalo.
George F. Armstrong, 44. Cambria, and Mary
R. Drunonl. 44, Cambria.
—' — -
BIRTHS—MARRIAGES—DEATHS,
BORN.
EINSELEN—In thia city, December 22, 1904,
to the wife of Gustav A. Elnselen, a daughter.
LYONS —In this city, December 30, 1904, to
the wife of John M. Lyons, a son.
O'ROURKE— In this city, December 25, 1904.
to the wife of Hugh O'Rourke, a son.
PRESTON—In this city, December 26, 1904,
to the wife of Charles Walter Preston, a
daughter.
SHREVE—In thla city, December 27. 1904,
to the wife of H. E. Shreve. a daughter.
TALO —In thla city, December 21. 1904, to the
wife of P. E. Talo, a daughter.
WEILER —In this city, December 17, 1904, to
the wife of Leonard B. Weller. a eon.
MARRIED.
AXDAL—OLSON—In this city, December 29, •
1904, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Olai L. Ax
dal and Nellie Olaon.
BROWN —BUJAN —In this city, December 81,
1904, by the Rev. F. A. Keaat, pastor Ep
worth M. E. Church, Jamea H. Brown and
Rosa Bujan, both of this city.
DAHL—JENSEN—In this city. December 17.
1904. by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Andrew C.
Dahl and Pctrea L. Jensen.
LA CHAPELLE—AUBRY—In this city. No
vember 24, 1904. at Notre Dame dcs Vlc
tolrts Church, by the Rev. Pere P. Naste.
William S. La Chapelle and Blanche Aubry,
both of San Franclaco.
MACKENZIE—McGREGOR—In thla city. De
cember 30, 1904. by the Rev. T. M. Boyd,
John Campbell Mackenzie and Helen Mc-
Gregor.
PETERSEN—HANSEN—In thla city, Decem
ber 20, 1904, by the Rev. O. Groensberg,
Laust H. Petersen and Carolena C. Hansen.
SCHMIDT—LYMAN—In this city. December
20, 1904, by the Rev. O. Groensberg. J. F.
Schmidt and Flossie Lyman.
DIED.
Anderson, Hilda tHopke, Edward F—s7
Armour Alexander—29 Hopps, Ellen M.—l mo.
Barry, Robert—B7 Horsch, John—7o
Byrne, Patrick—Bo Kelly. Nellie—3o
Catechi, John—o7 Kelly (infant)
Carrillo. Theodosia—Bs Lucy, George J.—33
Chaponot, Touisgaint— Maben, Joseph—6s
61 Mallory, Thos. H.—69
Chase, Judith C—7l Mayer, Esther—7s
Chllds, Charles W.—32 McFarren, Robert—s3
Connolly, Mary—76 Murray, Clara C.
Cook, Mary—77 iNash, Emory L. —68
Corrigan, Peter—79 O'Farrell, Bernard—3l
Davis, John H.—63 Otway, Michael—Bo
Duffy, Ja meat—7s I Peters, Herman L.—3o
Edgar, Elizabeth—sB IPheion William P.—7o
Ferguson, Malcolm C: Shaffer, Wm. E.—3o
49 Isilverberg, Henrietta—
Flynn.Catherine G. —21- 54
Greene, Margaret—72 Smith, Jane—Bo
Gatley. Edward —3 Stsrkweather.J. 8.—84
Haley, John—3l Swanlgan, Roaetta —51
Hanley, Andrew—36 Tyrrel, Talitha A.—27
Harlow, Willis P. Weber, Frank W.—35
Harris, Sarah—s4 iwilliams, Capt. Ed-
Hassmer, Valentine—7sl ward A. —69
Healey, Patrick —85 Williams. John J. —38
Honan, Mrs. Wm. P. |
ANDERSON—In this city, December 81, 1904,
Hilda, beloved daughter of John A. and Han
nah Anderson.
ARMOUR—In this city, December 31. 1904,
Alexander, dearly beloved husband of Eliza
beth Armour (nee Ohlendorf), and brother of
John and William Armour, a native of Scot
land, aged 29 years and 25 days. A member
of Boilermakers' Union.
tcyFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 p. m., from his late
residence, 233 Texaa street, between Seven
teenth and Eighteenth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
BARRY—In thia city, December 30, 1904,
Robert Barry, a native of County Cork, Ire
land, aged 87 years 4 months and 15 days.
ICFFrlends and acquaintances and mem
bers of the Gentlemen's Sodality of St. Ig
natius and St. Joseph's Union are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9 a. m., from the parlors of
McAvoy A Co.. 1239 Market street, near
Ninth, thence to the Chapel of the Passion,
attached to St. Mary's Hospital, corner First
and Bryant streets, for aervicea at 10 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. A requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul Tuesday, January 3, at the
Chapel of the Passion, commencing at
9 a. m.
BYRNE—In this city. December 30, 1904, Pat
rick, beloved husband of the late Mary
Byrne, and father of George Byrne, Mrs.
Emma Thompson and .Andrew Byrne, a na
tive of Dublin. Ireland, aged 80 years 2
months and 4 days.
CATECHI—In this city. December 30. 1904,
John Catechi, beloved uncle of Nicholas C.
Catechi, a native of Greece, aged 67 yeara.
(C3 r Friend9 and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday). January 1, 1905, from Holy
Trinity Greek Church, 317 Seventh street,
where services will be held at 1 p. m. Re
mains at the parlors of Theodor Dlerks. 967
Mission atreet. between Fifth and Sixth.
Interment Servian Cemetery.
CHAPONOT—In this city, December 29 1904,
Toussaint. beloved husband of Mrs. Chapo
not, and father of Charles E., Hlppolyte,
Luclen C. and Abel F. Chaponot. a native
of France, aged 61 years 3 months and 22
days.
CCFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 1. at 1:30 p. m., from the parlors
of laccherl, Duelos & Co.. 629 Broadway,
between Du;>ont and Stockton. Please omit
flowers. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
CARRILLO—In this city. December 31, 1904,
Theodoeia, mother of Frank and Alexander
Carrillo. and Mrs. Lizzie Treat, Mrs. F.
Matheny (nee Tate) and Mrs. Lulu Myers,
a native of Santa Clara, Cal., aged 85 yeara.
CHASE—In West Berkeley. December 29,
1904. at her residence, 2109 Fourth street,
Judith C. beloved wife of Joseph P. Chase,
and mother of Frank and William B. Chase,
a native of Nantucket, Mass., aged 71 years
and 9 months. (Nantucket, Mass., papers
please copy.)
CT Friends and acquaintance ! are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Monday afternoon, January 2 1906. at 1:30
p. m., at the Church of the Good Shepherd,
corner of Ninth and Bristol streets, Weat
Berkeley. Interment Mountain View Ceme
tery.
CHILDS— In this city, December 29. 1904.
Charles W., son of Mrs. R. E. Chllds, aged
32 years and 1 month.
CONNOLLY—In this city, December 28. 1904.
at her residence. 615 Hickory avenue, Mary,
widow of the late Michael Connolly, a na
tive of Drlnagh. County Cork, Ireland, aged
76 yeara
(t-TNotice of funeral hereafter.
COOK—In this city. December 31, 1904. Mary,
beloved wife of the late Thomaa Cook,
mother of John and the late Mary and Pat
rick Cook, and grandmother of May, John,
Thomas, Edward, Margaret, Delia and Katie
Cook and John, Mamie and Michael Dunne,
a native of County Galway. Ireland, aged 77
years.
CORRIGAN—In Oakland, Cal., December 31.
1904, Peter, beloved husband of Catherine
Corrigan, and father of Mrs. F. X. Schempp
and Peter A. and E. O. Corrigan, a native
of County Monahan, Ireland, aged 79 yeara
9 months and 22 days.
DAVIS—In this city, December 31, 1904, John
H., beloved husband of the late Annie Davis
and beloved father of William J. Davis, Min
nie Wilson, Mrs. L. E. Johnson and Mrs.
Annie Cuneo, a native of Massachusetts, aged
63 yeara.
fc> Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at his late residence, 182 Guerrero Btreet.
DUFFY- In this city, December 30, 1904.
James Duffy, a native of Ireland, aged 73
years.
ET'Frießds and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 7:45 o'clock a. m., from his
late residence, 347 Fremont etreet, thence to
St. Brendan'g Church, corner Fremont and
Harrison streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
EDGAR—In this city, December 30, 1904,
Elizabeth Withers Edgar, widow of the late
William Edtar of Astoria, Ore., a native of
Scotland, aged 58 years. (Astoria, Ore., pa
perß Dlease copy.)
funeral services will be held to
day (Sunday), at 1:30 p. m., at the residence
of Mrs. J H. Lenon. 3462 Nineteenth street,
near Valencia. Friends are respectfully In
vited to attend. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by funeral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
FERGUSON—In this city. December 30. 1904.
Malcolm C, beloved husband of Eliza Fer
guson, and father of Rachel and Angus Fer
guson, a native of Cape Breton, N. S.. aged
49 yeara and 2 months.
ICFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday). at 1 o'clock p. m., from the par
lors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by car
riage.
FLYNN— In this city, December 30, 1904, at
the parents' residence, 12 William street,
Catherine G., beloved daughter of James and
Ellen Flynn, and sister of John and Edward
Flynn, Mrs. M. Daly and the late Margaret
Flynn. a native of San Franclaco, aged 29
years 1 month and 23 days.
GATLEY—In this city. December 31, 1904. at
the parents' residence. 612% Second atreet.
Edward, beloved son of James and Mary
Gatley, and brother of Frances, Michael,
James, Gertrude and Margaret Gatley, a
. native of San Francisco, aged 3 years 2
months and 2 days.
GREENE—In this city. December 31, 1904,
at her residence, 782 Fourteenth etreet, Mar
gart Greene, wife of the late Charles
Greene, a native of England, aged 72 years
2 months and 19 days.
ICyTho funeral services will take place to
morrow (Monday), from her late residence,
782 Fourteenth street, at 11:30 a. m. Inter
ment strictly private.
HALEY—In this city, December 29, 1904,
John Haley, beloved son of the late Thomas
and Catherine Haley, and brother of Mrs.
F. Alott and Daniel, Thomas and Michael
Haley, a native of San Franclaco, aged 31
> < ars.
tCTTFricndsj and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of the H. F. Maass Company, 917 Mission
HENRY J. CALLACHgR CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL. P. DONOVAN. Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
Funeral Directors and Embalmera
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
NOW at 866 MISSION. Tel. South 187.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipmenta at Moderate Ratea.
F. J. Monahan, Manager. Tel. Mission 31
F. J. MONAHAN & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 Mission at., near Nineteenth.
San Francisco.
James McGinn. K>nry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN A CO.,
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors and Embalmera
;^Te!__EastBBi^^^^
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, corner
Tenth and Howard etreeta, whore services
will be held at 10 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, via 11:30 a. m. train from
Third and Townsend streets.
HANLEY—In the City and County Hospital.
December 31. 19C4. Andrew Hanley, a native
of Maryland, aged 36 years.
HARLOW—In Denver, Colo., December 6, 1904,
Willis Poe Harlow, husband of Mrs. Willis
Harlow, father of Earl Harlow, eon of the
late Isaiah and Matilda Harlow, and brother
of the late Mrs. C. J. Blandln. Skip. George
and Mertlllo Harlow and Mrs. A. A. Hooper.
HARRIS—In this city, December 28, 1904,
Sarah beloved wife of Herbert Harrla. and
mother of Reginald, Mabel. Norman and
Edith Harris, and sister of Miss Jane A.
Smith, a native of England, aged 54 years
and 9 days.
CyFriends arc respectfully invited to at
tend the funeral services to-day (Son
day). January 1. 1905. at _ p. in., at her
late residence, 728 Shotwell street. Inter
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero atreeta.
HASSMER—In this city, December 30. 1904.
Valentine Hassmer, beloved husband of Ma
ria Theresa Hassmen, father of Jacob E.
Hassmer and grandfather of Valentine F.,
Albert E. and Louis E. Hassmer, a native of
Frel Weinhelm, Hesse-Darmstadt, Ger
many, aged 75 yeara 5 months and 6 daya.
CFFriends and acqualntancea are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from Charlea
J. B. Metzler'a undertaking parlors, 636
Washington street, thence to 510 Bush
street. Red Men's Hall, services commencing
at 2 o'clock sharp, under the auspices of
Hermann Stamm No. 224. U. O. R. M.. and
Suddeutscher Veretn. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
HEALEY— In thla city. December 29, 1804,
Patrick Healey. a native of County Roecom
mon, Ireland aged 86 years.
f_r Friends' and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday.
January 2, at 8 a. m.. from the parlors of
James McMenomey & Son. 1057 Mission
street, opposite new Postofflce, thence to St.
Paul's Church. Twenty-ninth and Church
streets, where a requiem high maaa will be
celebrated for the repose of his aoul, com
mencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Croaa
Cemetery.
HONAN—A requiem high mass will be cele
brated for the repoae of the soul of the lale
Mrs. William P. Honan Monday morning at
9 o'clock at St. Brendan's Church, corner
Fremont and Harrison streets. Friends are
respectfully invited to attend.
HOPKE—In thla city. December 80, 1904.
Edward F. Honke. a native of New York
City, aged 57 yeara and 2 months. (West
chester County, N. V., papers pleaae copy.)
C"?" Friends and acqualntancea are reapect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 a. m.. from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 940 Mission street. Inter
ment Cypresa Lawn Cemetery, by electric
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero atreeta
HOPPS—In Alameda, Cal., December 30, 1904,
Ellen May, Infant daughter of William H.
and Rose Hopps, a native of Alameda, aged
1 month and 9 days.
HORSCH—Entered into rest. In this city,
December 30, 1904. John, beloved husband ol
Annie Horsch. a native of Manhelm, Ger
many, aged 70 yeara 1 month and 6 days,
A member of Draymen'a and Teamsters'
Union.
H7The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday). January 1, at 1 p. m., from hia
late residence, U27 Minna street, between
Seventh and Eighth atreets. Interment
private.
KELLY—In this city. December 30, 1904.
Nellie, beloved wife of ThomaB Kelly, and
mother of Thomaa Jr., Michael and Baby
Kelly, and daughter of Catherine Bowen, and
sister of Mrs. Julia McCarthy and Daniel
Bowen, a native of San Franclaco, aged 30
years 1 month and 8 days.
EFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), January 1. at 11 a. m., from the
parlors of H. F. Suhr A Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth, thence
to the Church of St. Vincent de Paul,
Stelner and Green atreets, for aervlces at
12 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY—In this city, December 31, 1904, In
fant son of Thomaa and the late Nellie
Kelly, a native of San Francisco, aged 2 daya.
LUCY —In this city, December 30, 1904, George
J., beloved son of Ellen and the late Dennis
Lucy, and beloved brother of James W. and
Mac Lucy. Mrs. E. Magulre and Mra. K.
Walter and the late John T. Lucy, a native
of San Francisco, aged 33 years.
C"FFrlend* and acquaintances are reapect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 p. m., from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 866 Mission
atreet, between Fourth and Fifth, thence to
St. Rose'a Church for services at 1 p. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MABEN—In this city. December 30, 1904,
Joseph Maben, a native of Scotland, aged 65
yeara.
MALLORY—In Oakland. Cal., December 30,
1904, Thomaa H. Mallory, a native of Ohio,
aged 69 yeara 3 months and 8 daya.
MAYER—In this city, December 30, 1904.
Esther Mayer, relict of the late Sampson
Mayer, and sister of Mrs. H. Heyman, and
mother of Mrs. Rosalia Greenbaum. Mrs.
Flora Bergman. Mrs. W. G. Jones, Mrs. V.
Mundt and Martin, Abraham, Alexander.
Isadora' and Leon S. Mayer, a native of
Westphalia. Germany, aged 75 years 9
months and 13 days. A member of the
Association of Pioneer Women of California.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances and mem
ber a of the Aaaoclatlon of Pioneer Women of
California are reapectfully invited to attend
the funeral services Sunday morning. Janu
ary I, at 9:45 a. m., at the residence of her
dafghter, Mrs. Rosalia Greenbaum, 3003
California street, thence by 11:30 a. m. train
from Third and Townsend streets for In
terment. Home of Peace Cemetery.
McFARREN—In Oakland, Cal., December 30.
1904, Robert McFarren, a native of Ireland,
aged 53 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 p. m., from the parlors of
Craig, Cochran & Co., 429 Golden Gate ave
nue, between Polk and Larkin atreeta. In
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by car
riage.
MURRAY —In this city, December 31, 1904.
Clara C, beloved daughter of the late Wil
liam and Elizabeth Murray, a native of San
Francisco.
|C Notice of funeral hereafter.
NASH—In Plcard. Siskiyou County, Cal., De
cember 18, 1904, Emory L. Nash, beloved
father of A. M. Nash and Mrs. C. A. Do
zler, and brother of Mrs. E. J. Scott, a na
tive of Oneida County, N. V., aged 68 years
and 11 daya.
O'FARRELL—In thla city, December 31, 1904,
Bernard, beloved husband of Annie O'Far
rell and son of Ann and the late Bernard
O'Farrell. a native of San Rafael, Cal.,
aged 31 years 6 months and 18 daya.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the reaidence
of hia brother. William J. O'Farrell, 227
Shotwell street, thence to the Church of St.
Charles Borromeo, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repoae of hia
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
OTWAY—In this city. December 30, 1904.
Michael Otway. beloved huaband of Annie
Otway, and father of Willie Otway, a native
of Pittsburg, Pa., aged 50 years. (Pitts
burg papers please copy.)
(CFFrlenda and acquaintances are respect
* fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 a. m.. from the parlors of
Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth. Interment Holy Croaa
Cemetery.
PETERS—In Sulsun. Cal., December 31, 1904,
Herman L. Peters, beloved husband of Julia
Peters, father of Lucille and Raymond
Peters, son of Mra. Sophia Peters and
brother of Mrs. W. Esters yon Krakau, a
native of Ohio, aged 30 years 11 months and
23 days.
PHELON—In this city, December 20, 1904.
William Pike Phelon. beloved father of Wil
liam Phelon, founder and elder brother of
the Hermetic Brotherhood of A. L. and E.,
a native of England, aged 70 years 3 months
and 1 day.
£7 Friends and acqualntancea are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday.
January 2. 1905, at 11:30 a. m.. from the
chapel at Odd Fellows' Cemetery. \
SHAFFER—In this city, December 29, 1904,
William E. Shaffer, son of Edwin P.
Shaffer, a native of Kansas, aged 30 years 1
month and 23 days. A member of Cosmo
politan Lodge No. 194, I. O. O. F., and late
corporal of Fifth Battery. lowa Volunteers,
light artillery. Spanish-American war.
(CFFrlends and acquaintances are reapect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 p. m., from Odd Fellowa'
Hall corner Seventh and Market streets,
where services will be held under the
auspices of Cosmopolitan Lodge No. 194, I.
O O. F. Remains at the parlors of Gantner
Broa. 1209 Mission atreet. between Eighth
and Ninth, until 1 p. m. Sunday. Interment
National Cemetery.
SILVEREERG—4n this city. December 30.
1904. Henrietta, beloved wife of Adolph
Sllverberg, and beloved mother of Alice Sll
verberg a native of Hanover, Germany, aged
54 years 2 months and 16 daya.
try Friends and acqualntancea are reapect
fully Invited to attend the funeral aervicea
to-day (Sunday), at 10:15 a. m., at her late
residence, 1505 Scott street. Interment Homy
of Peace Cemetery, By 11:30 a. m. train
from Third and Townsend streets.
SMITH —In this city, December 20, 1904, Jane
Smith, beloved mother of Mrs. W. Keegan
and Mathew. James and Edward Smith, and
sister of Mra. K. McGillan and Miss Bella
McPhylomy. a native of County Tyrone, Ire
land aged 80 yeara.
__rFriends and acqualntancea are reapect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), January 1. 1905. at 12 o'clock. I
from her late residence, 228 Rcse avenue,
between Laxuna and Octavla, thence to
Sacred Heart Church for services at 12:30
p. m. A requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul Tuesday morning,
January 3. at Sacred Heart Church, at 9
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
STARKWEATHER—In thla city. J. B Stark
weather, a native of New York, aged 84
yeara and 9 months.
SWANIGAN —In thla city, December 29, 1904.
Rosette, beloved mother of Jesse. Howard, Al
fred, Nanette, Willie and Nora Swanigan and
Mrs. A. Fontana and Mrs. I. Montague and
sister of Mrs. C. Jones, Mrs. N. A. Davis.
Mra. F. Tucker and Edward Finley, a na
tive of Mississippi, aged 51 years 8 montha
and 17 daya.
CFFriends and acquaintances are reapect
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, January 8, at 2 o'clock p. m . at
the A. M. E. Church, Fifteenth etreet, nee*
West. Oakland. Remains at Leltch * Hen-
parlor. Eighth and Broadway. oae
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
TYRREL-—ln this city. December 29, 1904,
Talltha/ A., beloved wife of
Tyrrel, and mother of Frances, Olivia.
Eugene T. and Laurence Tyrrel, a native
of California, aged 27 years 11 months ana
29 days. I Santa Rosa pnpera pleaae copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are reapect
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 1. 1905. at 10 a. m.. from 24..) Mis
sion street, near Twenty-first. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
WEBER—In Seattle. Wash.. December 29,
190-1 Frank W., beloved husband of Nonie
Weber, and brother of Albert Weber, a na
tive of New York, aged 35 years and 2
months. t
t-TFrienda and acqualntancea are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the par
lora of Carew A English. 29 Van Ness ave
nue. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets.
WILLIAMS—In Alameda. Cal.. December 29.
1904, Captain Edward A. Williams, beloved
husband of Mary E. Williams, and father
of Mrs. John A. Sansom and Mrs. Stanley
Howard-Head, a native of Boston. Mass.,
aged 69 years 9 months and 27 days.
ItFFriends and acqualntancea are reapset
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from Masonle
Hall, corner Alameda avenue and Park
street, Alameda. Services under the auspices
of Oak Grove Lodge No. 215, F. and A. M.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
WILLIAMS—In this city, December 30. 1904.
John J, Williams of Chicago, a native or
England, aged 39 yeara. (Chicago papers
Please notice.)
CARD OF THANKS.
Mrs. Lizzie Miller, the loving eister ef
Mra. Kate Cunningham, wishes to thsuak
the many friends of her departed slater for
their many kindnesses to her In her late
bereavement and for the love and affection
ahown her sister during her life.
MRS. LIZZIE MILLER, sister.
Weather Report
(120th Meridian—Pacific Tim*.)
PAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 31. 5 IX. m.
The following- maximum and minimum tam
per at .:res ara reported tor the previous dart
Cincinnati 46 3G|New Orleans M 4S
Boaton 34 281Philadelphia ...43 82
Jacksonville 54 38 I Washington ....82 30
St. Louis BO 40 New York 44 82
Chicago 42 88 Pittsburg 44 88
Honolulu, H. I. .70 66|San Francisco. ..84 48
The following are the seasonal rainfalls t»
date as compared with those of same data
last season and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Bsaaom,
Eureka ..; 18.U
Red Bluff 02 14.76 12.18
Bacramento 08 8.78 4.68
San Francisco 07 11.18 S.06
Fresno 87 6.18 .80
Independence trace .45 .42
San Luis Obispo 1.50 6.47 .82
Los Angeles 1.68 8.56 .43
San Diego 80 2.59 .42
THE COAST REOORD.
3 nit *I sf i
I lllllf I
ec : ■
'22' - :
Baker 30.16 34 30 SW Cloudy .16
Carson 30.10 40 32 NW Clear .60
Fresno 30.00 54 48 NW Clear .88
S.E. Farallon.Bo.o7 52 .. NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.82 46 12 S Clear .00
Pocatello 29.94 50 42 SW Cloudy .01
Independence .29.92 62 3tt N Clear Tr.
Los Angeles . .30.02 60 62 W Pt.Cldyl.6B
Mt Tamalpal3.3o.l9 44 .. NW Clear .00
North Head..30.14 46 40 SW Cloudy .20
Phcemx 29.88 72 36 W Clear .00
Pt. Reyes Lt.30.10 42 .. N Clear .50
Portland 30.18 44 40 8E Pt.Cldy .0*
Red Bluff 30.18 54 36 N Cl»ar .02
Roseburg 30.20 40 36 ND Cloudy .12
Sacramento ..30.16 52 44 N Clear .08
Salt Lake ...29.90 40 40 NW Rain .01
San Franclsco.3o.2o 54 48 W Clear .08
S L. Obispo. .30.12 58 50 NW Clear 1.50
San Diego ...30.00 M 54 SE Cloudy .80
Seattle 30.16 44 38 NE Pt.Cldy .08
Spokane 30.08 40 34 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Tatoosh 30.06 44 36 W Cloudy .26
Wall? Wa11a.30.14 46 42 W Pt.Cldy .06
Wlnnemucca .30.08 42 34 NW Pt.Cldy .02:
Yuma :*9.0? 68 36 NW Rain Tr.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the Pa
cific alcpe during the pa at twenty-four hours.
Heavy rain has fallen In Southern California.
Much colder weather may be expected Sun
day with heavy frosts In the Interior.
Forecast made at Sm Franclaco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. January 1. 1905:
California north of Tehachapi—Fair Sunday,
cooler; heavy frost in the interior; light north
wind.
California south of Tehachapi—Fair Sunday,
cooler; heavy frosts In morning: light north
wind. Citrus fruit growers should smudge.
Nevada —Fair, colder Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair, cooler,
Sunday; light frost tn morning; light north
wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity—Fair, cooler Sun
day: heavy frost In the mcrnlng; light north
wind.
Sacramento—Fair, cooler Sunday; heavy
frost In morning; light northeast wind.
Freano—Fair, cooler; heavy froat In morn
ing; light northeast wind.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE,
ARRIVED.
Saturday. December ST.
Stmr Mandalay. Smith, 28 houra from Eu
reka.
Stmr Bonita, Preble, 60 hours from Saa
Pedro and way ports.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, 26 hours from Eureka.
Schr Eric, Jorgensen. 6 days from Coos Bay
Schr Olga, W aid wick, 21 days from Mahu
kona.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 4 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr Erie, Jorgensen, 18 day* from Port
Blakeley. via Clallam 11 days (Oakland).
CLEARED.
Saturday, December SL
Br stmr Dakoteh, Rosa. Shanghai; Paelfla
Coast Oil Co.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria! 8 P A P
S S Co.
Stmr Corona, Olelow, Eureka I P O S S Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, December SL
Br stmr Tottenham. Peters, Victoria, B, OL
Br stmr M. S. Dollar, Cross, Mojl.
Stmr G. C. Llndauer, Allen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr F. A. Kllburn, Thompson, Eureka.
Coos Bay and Portland. "
Stmr Cascade, , Grays Harbor,
Stmr Point Arena, Miller. Mendoctnev
Stmr Tampico, Roberta, Tacoma, j
Stmr Rainier, Hansen. Seattle t
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Deo. 81. 10 p. m TTssfhsS
clear; wind NW; velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA —Arrived Deo 81—Bohr WUhara
Nottingham, hence Deo 23, and not schr Bo
real is. as reoorted before.
PORT GAMBLE—Sailed Dee 81—Schr En
deavor, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND—SaiIed Dee 31—Schr
Robert Lowers, for Honolulu.
Arrived Deo 31—Ship wmiam H Satlth,
hence Dee 22.
Passed in Dec 31—Schr Okanogan, banns Pee
20, for Port Gambia
SAN PEDRO—Arrived Dee 30 Stmr Snath
Coast, from Caspar: stmr Merrills Dollar, from
Port Los Angele; stmr Shasta, hence Deo 28|
stmr Charles Nelson, from Astoria.
Sailed Dec 31—Schr E. K. Wood, for Bel
-1 Ingham; atmra Vanguard. South Coast and
Centralla, for San Francisco.
PORT HARFORD —Sailed Deo 81—Starr
Coos Bay, for San Pedro.
CLALLAM—Anchored tn bay Dee 81 Sntu
Alpena, from Port Townsend, for Kaloehau.
GRAYS HARBOR—Arrived Deo 31—Schr
Comet, from Santa Barbara; achr Henry Wil
son, from San Pedro; achr Robert Searles,
hence Dee 27. _
PORT GAMBLE—Arrived Deo 31—Stmr
Okanogan, hence Dec 20.
COOS BAY—Arrived Dec 81—Stmr Czarina,
hence Dec 29.
FORT BRAGG —Sailed Dec 81—Stmr Bui as
wick, for San Franclaco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GIBRALTAR—Arrived Dec 31—Stmr Repub
lic, from Naplea. etc for New York.
ROTTERDAM—SaiIed Deo 31—Stmr Amster
dam, for New York.
Arrived Dec 31—Stmr Rotterdam, from Now
T PLYMOUTH—Arrived Dec 81—Stmr St Paul,
from New York, for Cherbourg and Southamp
tO HONGKoNG—Arrived prevlouely—Stmr Ko
rea from San Francisco, via Yokohama.
NEW YORK—Sailed Deo 81—Stmr St Louis,
for Plymouth, Cherbourg and Southampton;
atmr Campania, for Liverpool; atmr Vader
land for Antwerp, via Dover; stmr Perugia,
for Naplea, Genoa and Leghorn; atmr Maine,
for Baltimore: stmr Ethiopia, for Glasgow;
atmr Minnetonka. for London; atmr Patricia,
for Hamburg, via Dover.
HAVRE —Arrived Dec 81—Stmr La Gaa
cogne. from New York.
Sailed Dec 31—Stmr La Touralne, for New
—Arrived Dec 81—Btmr Manttoo.
from New York.
GLASGOW—SaiIed Dec 81—Stmr Pomera
nian, for New York.
ANTWERP—SaiIed Dec 31—Stmr Montrose
for Halifax and St. John; atmr Zeeland, for
New York.
LIVERPOOL—SaiIed Dec 80—Stmrs Georgia
and Lucania, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON—SaiIed Dec 31—Stmr Mar
quette. for New York.
BRISBANE—Arrived prior Dee 81—Stmr
Moana, from Vancouver, via Honolulu, for
Sydney. N S. W. _
A small cottage here on earth la bet
ter than a castle in the air.PRINCE BRUTUS WINS THE LAST RACE OF THE YEAR
NIGRETTE RUNS THIRD IN HANDICAP
Muddy Going Suits Venator and
He Defeats Judge With
Something to Spare.
Vigoroso First at Long Odds
By finishing third to Venator and
J ;dge in the seven-furlong handicap at
Oakland yesterday Nigrette saddened
her followers. Prince Brutus then won
the last race of the old year, which
brightened up the gloom somewhat.
The card wore an easy look, at
.; ti ling the usual large Saturday
crowd, but it proved as deceptive a
one to beat as Oril Overall's benders
are to bat beyond the baseball lot
ier.ce. The only other winning public
c hoice besides Prince Brutus was Bell
Reed. Vigoroso, Melar and Wenrick
were the long-shot artists.
So rosy did the chances of Nigrette
look for the seven-furlong handicap,
with 105 pounds and "Big Bill" Knapp
up, that her odds were forced from 7 to
5 to 9 to 10. Despite fairly good racing
luck the black mare did not appear at
her best, finishing an ordinary third.
Venator, the second choice, picking up
106 pounds and superbly ridden by
Travers. downed Judge at the wire
with consummate ease by three lengths
in I:2B\*.
KNAPP LANDS MF.LAH FIRST.
Willie Davis rode Baker, the 9 to 10
favorite for the Futurity course two
year-old dash which opened the racing,
and was led out by Melar, a 12 to 1
shot, ridden by Knapp. Possibly Bob
Mitchell would have won had he got
away from the barrier better. As
it was. he shot to the front, leading
the stretch. Then he tired
and Melar. assuming the lead, won by
less than a length from the first
choice. .\!"£rregor lost the show to Rob
ert Mitchell by several lengths.
Roth 'ilendennlng and Bronze Wing
absentees from the five-furlong
scramble, which left Bell Reed with
call. Helgesen rode the chest
!tr.t sprinter, and. being hemmed in
..n the rail by Knapn astride Revolt
th< -f itch, then had a chance to
ALL Ol Ft SOLDIERS
TO BE RIFLE EXPERTS
Plana to Remedy n Great Defect
in Our Military
System.
Throughout Elihu Root's long ser
as Secretary of War the one «b
-jeci which received his most serious
attention, aside from the operations
of the army in the field, the army re
ranlsatlon act, the general staff
■s< heme and the national militia pro
ji ct, was the question of developing
in the mass of American citizens a
b< dy of trained rniemen large enough
(o make our defenses secure in time
ol war. In season and out of season
he insisted that the country needed
men who could shoot straight, who
KfTew the use of the rifle thoroughly
and with whom proficiency in small
arms practice should be the first test
of fitness as soldiers. Mr. Root's
earnestness in vhis matter served as a
reminder that whereas we have made
but little real progress in rifle shooting
since the days of the Spanish war,
other countries are giving close atten
tion to the subject, Canada alone hav
ing but recently instituted a broad
gauge scheme which it is believed will
produce 500,000 trained riflemen with
in ten years.
owing partly to Mr. Root's persist
ent urging, supported by many other
interested gentlemen in the army, the
navy, the Marine Corps, the National
Ouard and civil life, public interest in
the subject took form in the organi
zation of the national board for the
promotion of rifle practice in the
United States, and as a result of that
movement plans have ben formulated
which if carried into effect seem like
ly to transform millions of hardy
young Americans into expert riflemen
and thus correct what is palpably the
gravest defect In our military system.
In preparing these plans careful
consideration was given to the meth
ods employed by other countries to en
courage rifle shooting among their
cltzens and the paramount purpose
was to devise a system which should
•make every American between the
ages of 15 and 25 years ambitious to
become a master marksman. In Its
general scope the scheme provides for
a' highly organized system to encour
age rifle practice in the State militia,
in military and other schools and
among individuals who would be liable
to military service in time of war.—
Army and Navy Journal.
Mrs. Muggins—You shouldn't judge
people by their clothes. Mrs. Buggins
—Oh, but I have seen the family wash
put on the line.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fX{\ The Vacuum Cap
[j Cures Baldness and Fall
m%r "5 lntr Hair by creating a
\\ mmm ~ perfect circulation la tha
' Jk* scalp. Call or write for
\ fTee literature.
8 VACUUM
A. 6 O'ParraU St.
Weak Men and
Rupture Cured.
——- Our perfected
vacuum treatment
M / * EI?OI» * KEW
Mi *&i2t Ell«Y AND
.T'l ■vWßtar 'So* » i i I. v rk
iVi < ' wSSL ? Hr o£SI O R B TIIK
11 R A N v
5 * HiOR OF
'ftloL Twr lE.* 5 WUTH. It is the
•■JUJ J„. ! J7.T.. oipßO B only positive meanti
jaf SQUARE known which will
| a W.VFTjrXfc?BBH J f u!iy enlarge and
« completely develop
is Used v. itn our Soluble Medicated
UflfctngAL MgQ<ATi6N g> * , ' ,, 3>
Urethral Crayons, quickly cures all .Irains and
diai harges. Varicocele, Stricture. Premature
Deeav, Enlargement of Prostate Gland, etc.
I cure ror RIPTI'RK; no knife, no de
lay from work. Guarantee perfect cure.
.Money left In hank. Our physlclana are
wi II known to be experienced and strictly re
liable speclailata and cure Rnptare and all
diseases of men only by modern methoda. Call
lor free examination and full details of our
special cure for Knptiirc.
We want aleo especially every weak or un
developed man to call or write for our moat In
structive 100-paae Uluatrated book. It fully ex
plains the action of our remarkable Vacuum
and Crayon treatment. Wo have -the moat
sii *esaful home cure In the world. We aire
Ireutmea* on lO daya* trial and a»
provtil. Hook sent aecurMy aealed. free.
Everyman should read It. Call or write to
day. Hours n to v. Sundays. 11 to l. VACUUM
APPLIANCE CO., 6 O Farrell atreet.
BY FRED E. MITLHOLLAND
cut loose. Revolt grew wobbly as the
wire was approached, and the favor
ite scored an easy victory. Redan ex
perienced no difficulty in getting away
with show honors. Red Cross Nurse
had no speed.
BLACKTHORN IS BEATEN.
For lack of something better Black
thorn was installed favorite for the
mile and a .sixteenth selling af
fair. Sam Greenfield got the black
poise down in the heaviest going and
gathered nothing. "Longshot" Mo-
Bride took Vigcroso, a 20 to 1 shot,
out in front and the curtain dropped
on the others. Young Mariow, played
from 20 dewn to 9, secured place hon
ors from Glenarvon.
Davis, on Scherzo, favorite for the
mile and a hundred yard selling fixture
certainly made a superb showing. The
horse receded in the betting and fin
ished absolutely last. Wenrick, which
receded from 6 to 9 and had Michaels
up, led from start to finish, disposing
of Lady Kent by four open lengths.
Dungannon, the second choice, with
"Longshot" Meßride up, was third.
The concluding Futurity course run
for two-year-olds was simply a spread
for the first choice. Prince Brutus,
piloted by Jakle Jones, the crack young
ster led from the jump and was only
galloping at the close. Sea Air show
ed vast mprovement, taking the place
from Silverskin.
TRACK NOTES.
The stakes of the New Memphis
Jockey Club close to-morrow.
Twenty-five bookmakers cut in yes
terday.
Eddie Dominick, the jockey, leaves
for New Orleans to-day. He Is under
contract to ride for the stable of E. E.
Smathers.
Wenrick was bid up from 5500 to
$800 by George Wentworth. trainer ni
Lady Kent. The stable retained the
colt.
SANDBANK THE CAUSE
OF WAR PREPARATIONS
Boundary Dispute Between Honduras
Beteen the republics trf Honduras and
Nicaragua are a river, a boundary line
and a dispute. Like most such differ
ences, this one has been up, and down
again, from time to time, with little
prospects of serious trouble or a final
settlement before duties- and taxes to
be gathered ln the territory In dispute
shall have become great enough to pay
for fussing over the matter.
About the year 1889 Nicaraguan offi
cials served notice on an American at
the entrance to the Rio Patuca to the
effect that Nicaragua claimed all terri
tory between that river and the Rio
Coco or Uang—a district which in
cludes more than 2,000,000 acres of roll
ing, sunny and grassy plains, on which
stands a forest of yellow pines. A few
years later Nicaragua seemed to mod
ify her pretensions so that they covered
only about half so much as she claimed
before. Now she seems to have aban
doned all claim to any land north of
the Coco, other than that delta which
lies between the main channel of the
Tang or Coco and that snag-infested
shallow outlet which is on the north
and west side of that sandbank.
Half a century ago that Islet was the
site of a mahogany cutter's camp and a
large village of Waikas or Mosquito In
dians. Then It was left to become a
thicket of mangrove and of coco-plum
bushes, a refuge for egrets, pelicans
and such tomagras as were by floods
drowned out and brought down the
river to become food for such pigs and
sharks as delight in a dinner of ser
pents as venomous, almost, as a rattle
snake.
Within a month a story came that
Honduras was about to send her army
to take possession of the sandbank in
dispute. It has now seme prospective
value, as it may become the site of a
port of entry to a broad and beautiful
plain, beyond which are ranges of
rounded hills which ln some places
might be called mountains, although
many are only 1000 to 2000 feet ln
height.
On the Nicaraguan side of the Coco
are low mountains exceedingly rich in
gold, and covered by forests ln which
are many mahoganies and cedars. On
the Honduras side are few, if any, gold
deposits, but there are good agricul
tural lands, and toward the interior are
considerable forests in which are fine
woods which will be taken out in due
time.
Honduras Is safe in pressing her de
mand now, for the Zelaya administra
tion is on the very thin crust of a vol
cano, ready to explode and bury the
Government ln a burning flood of hate
and vengeance.—New York Commer
cial.
Dresden Steam Heating Plant.
The steam heating and electric
lighting combination now being
tested by Dresden promises to open
a new era in municipal economy. A
huge central station of the Saxon
Government contains ten generators,
producing 66,000 pounds of steam per
hour, and this is distributed through
street mains to the Royal Opera
house, the Picture Gallery, the Zwln
ger Museum, the Royal Palace and
other buildings. After the morning
heating little steam Is needed to keep
up the* temperature, so that most of
the supply can be used for generat
ing electricity for lighting and other
purposes during the latter part of the
day.—Baltimore American.
Iron Ring From Human Blood.
"Iron in the blood" expresses, no
doubt, a chemical fact as well as a
figure of speech, but probably not one
ln a thousand, even among chemists,
ever saw ferrum sanguinis materialized
to visible metal. This feat, however,
has been performed by M. Barruel,
head of the chemical laboratories of
Paris. M. Barruel, who has, in his
time, practiced much phlebotomy on the
human subject, has systematically ex
tracted chemically the ferrum from the
other constituents. This he transform
ed into minute globules or "pearls" of
iron. At last the idea occurred to him
to have them all welded together and
the result Is an Iron ring made from
human blood, which he wears on his
finger.—London Globe.
and Nicaragua Comes
Up Again.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1905.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
/VKLAX1)—Saturday. Dec. 81. Weather fine. Track
Deo.
31
: — —— ■ : V —
7tt,13.
t. FIRST, RACK—Futurity cours*: selMn.fi tw»-yea,r-old<; valw to tint, $\>?o-
Horee and Ownrr. lWt|8t. fc. H. %. Btr. rin. I Jockey. [ Op. CI.
7<wr.
7630
7044
TfSS
76113
763s
7ft3ft
Melar (O. Htrobel) 1108 1 ... Ik S SMS 1*1 tt W. Knapp. & H
Hftker (J J. MoAlester) Iu6 7 ... 4 6 8 1H» « iftw. Davis..[ 1 0-10
I Robert Mitchell (Summer*).. 106 4 ... 11 1 % 1 1H8 Iβ Travers ... II-β ?*-*
M< *; -K-r (California Ktbl.i.lul « ... 4 H ft t> 0 10 4 1 Greenfield . 4 1- -
l.ady Fashion (Mr*. Miller).. 98 t ... S T tV4« » il [Wiley ] 40 HV
Alary fepper (8. A. Hopn**). Mβ ... 78 «l 2 7* «« |O. Chandlr 90 Oo
Jierthui (V. Gilbert) Wt 4 ... 8 1M0 417 1 P. Hltdbndi *) •!<•
iCaloulate (blaalngame Brot.). 101 i ... u l g H 8 |CrosawaUe I W liw
- .. :0O. 1:134. At pott 1W mtnutet. Off at i:UU. Mtlar. place, 7-2; »huw. 1.
laJcer, riair. 1-0; show, out. Mitchell, »how, M WlnW. b. f. by Foul Shot-Nora
i'p». Trained by O Strobe I. Bor&tched —Jerushs, Bdgeollff, Udna Sullivan. Stan good,
'nn all .it! ving. Melar showed Improvement and had speed. Away belter Bob Mitch-
11 ocmld have won. Baker not ridden to the beat advantage. Mogregor off poorly,
lerthus ault.
n
it-rinus quii.
7054.
>. SECOND RACE—Flvt furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up: value to first, 8325.
lloise and Owner. IWt It. %. H. %. ftr. *ln. I Jockey, j Op. CI.
ii 1~— • 1 ' ' .-..— -• i i 1 1 . _
7«12
70*»
7'Wo
7oi«;
7348
Bell Reed. 4 (Fitagrld * Co.) Ill 4 ... 2 1*2 n 2 1H1 1H Helgeeen . . »-2 0 5
: (V. Gilbert) Ill 8 ... 1 n 1 1H» n 8 H (W. Knapp. 8 n
Reiian~n lO. 8trobel) KM 1 ... 3h 8 4 88 84 |J. Jonee. .. 5-2 215
ft. C. Nurse. 8 (Molera * Co.) 102 B ... 8 t * 4 V« W. DftvU.. 3-2 J
SuV. Quetn. 4 (Winter <t Co.)|ltM S ... 46 4 n 41 B jAlarte .... lu 13
2)u. 404. i-.oay,. At poet 144 mtnuta*. Off at 2:89%. R**d> P'»c«. » M; show.
-5. Revolt, place. 5-2; show. 4-e. Redan, «how, 8-B. Winner, ch. c by Oaptlve-
Up8 Gentt-y. TraJned by J. KrauM. Scratched—Bronie Wing, Olendennlng. Start
004. Won easily. Balance driving hard. Bell Reed much the beat. Was cut oJT by
::voit all round the far lurn and never had a chance to run until the atretch was
re
"achfd. rtcdan ran well. Red Cross Nurse no «peed. Queen received aupport.
rii.-r,
THlfau RACE—One and a elxteenth mllea: aelllng; 8-rear-olda up; to first. 8325.
Hors* jjnd Owner. IWt 9t. ".». H. %. Sir. Fin. I Jockej. j Op. cT
7617
7648
VlgomOj 1 (Appleby A Co.).. 99! 3 1 U 1 8Vsl » 1 8 1 % iMcBrlde .. 20 15
Vk. Marlow, 4 (McLauirhlln). [ Mi 4 8 lfe» n 3 142 !'., Wrirht ... 20 U
.GlAnervon. 4 (Summer* Co.).. Oβ 8 I 1 0 3 8 n 3 ". Mc-<luire .. 15 20
Handlp Bolle. fi .Winter & 3). 1061 7 9 SV*8 1H7 2W5 3mAlarJe 30 80
Frcrk Wo-ds. a (Oarjea C. S.) 1«M 6 6 h 6 h 6 1%7 2 5 24 T. Clark .. 4 o
;Blackthorn, 5 (C. F. Fink).. 1021 1 4 % 4 2>i4 % 3 1 Hβ h iGreenfleld . 8-2 8
,8an Uutlon. B <J. Dlxon) l>9 2 2 H 2 1 it m<! l 7 2HITraver9 ... 0 0-2
H.miaet. 0 (M. Sleuhere >n>.. 99 9 6 *i ti % ft U t> ft 8 n I. Fountalnl 10 8
iFvtrolla.' 4 a>! McCarthy)..'! 104 10 10 ' 10 0 2 8 2 9 20 iBell I 12 20
The Ledaeaji, ft (Qraftort). ■ |104| 0 7 2H7 1 10 10 10 |J. Jones...j 15 20
Z*
— :2S. :50, l:iefc. 1:44%. 1:02. At poat mlnutea. Off at Vlgoroao. place,
. tbow, H. Marlow, place. 4; show, 8-8. Olenarvon, ahnw, 4. Winner b. g. by AmlRo-
a Colorado. Trained by O. Appleby. Scratched—Sherry, Bill Young. Start good. Won
11 out. Balance driving. Winner beet of a poor lot Blackthorn? ridden In the deepest
"Ing:. San Lutlon quit.
7«50
ZH
L FOURTH RACE—Seven furlonga; handicap; all asea; value to flrtt. 8800-
Horse and Owner. * |Wt|St. H- M- %• Btr. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. CT.
i Venator. 4 (H. E. R.nvf!i i.. 1O« 3 8 1V,2 2 lh IS 13 Travera ... 6-2 6-2
Judge. .1 (J. J. McAlelter).. 106 1 4 4 4 '» 4 M, H. Michaels e «
NMgrettc. 4 (W. B. Jennlngi).. 106 4 6 % 6 3 8 1V48 n 3 2 W. Knapp . 7-8 9-10
l.-hlarn 3 (D. A. Ross) 100 2 7 1H5 n 6 2>,«!> 2 4 Du,j Jones .. B i::
Sea Vovasre. 2 (Mra. Miller). | 88 5 1 H 1 3 2 2Vi2 1 3 2VTaylor .... 25 60
i Matt Hogen. a 104 e 6n 7 1%7 2 7 2 « 8 T Clark .. 10 Iβ
Aibula. (i ilJafnawi'v Mr.'*.). 087 2 % 3 ',*. 6 1 6 n 7 5 Greerneld . 10 l>0
iOro Viva. 4 (Riley & MoRae) 102| 8 8 8 8 8 6 IMeBride ...! • •
:24»i. :4#. 1:1514. 1:28M- At poet 2H rnlnutea. Off at 3:S0>4. Venator, place. 7-10;
now. 2-5. Judee, placr. :<: ahow. tf-0. N lgrette. anew. out. Winner ch. g. by Brutue-
'luy.ul. Trained hy H. K. Rowell. Start poor. Won easily. Second eaaily. Third
riving. Venaior was nicely handled and arr>eare to bu Improving: right along. Nlgretfe
ickrd her upual Hss.irtn:ent of sr>*ed. Judge ran well. Iahlaiia picking up. Matt Ho-
ar, rin a Df.,r race. A'ImiU h«d m-ieed. Orr> Vive ran do hetter. •Cnunl»>»l with
in. nn a race. Aiouia naa speea. uro \ iva can ao oeiier. t uuciea wiin
■ iilann
i><
-mana.
7«57,
. FIFTH RACE—One mile and 100 yarda; aelllng; 3-year-olde and up: to first. $325.
J Horse and Owner. iWt|St. K t Vt. %. Str. gin, j Jockey, I Op. CI.
i — i ■ 1 1
IWenrlck .T fJ. Sturirenni 10RI 1 1 1 V. 1 1 1 n 1 1V,1 4 H. « A
inran™ .j >j. siurgcao;. .. . luo 1 1 itti * i n i » n. jnicnoeisi o 0
Lady Kent, a (J. Ryan) 1O|! 5 4li*2 3 2 1 )W. Knapp. tt 4
/Dungannon. 3 <Knebelkamp)'KiO| 2 0 u/>; i- 4 1',44 2 3 h |McBrtde •■•] 3 7-2
IHudd Wade. 5 (Baker City 8.)! 99! 4 2 h S % 3 n 3 1V4* :t |O. Chandler 6 10
Barrack, a (A. £. Barrett).. j 108 8 8 8 8 6 | ' ft 2V&'eherwood .. 10 II
l:. OreyruBB. 3 (R. de NeffeXlOS 7 7 8 6n 5 3 6 3 Bonner .... 10 I,"
(•abelllta, 4 (J. Ronaldnon). . ,104 6 Bn 78 71 8 71 Greenfield . « 0
Scherao. 3 (Pueblo Stable) IO2| 8 3 Vt 4 n • S I W. Davis.. 2 13-5
— :24%. :60, l:lrt. ,1:48%, 1:80. At poet 2% minutes. Off at 8:ft9. Wenrick. plaet,
iee,
t
y rirate of renzance-Hl** Oslestlna. Trained by C. A. Clea'.. Scratched—Augle. Start
oor. Won easily. Balance driving haid. Wenrick beet. Lady Kent ran her race.
utngannon probably played he_r hand. Budd Wade quit. Ieabelllta won't do. Scherso
mi
iaae an awiui mowing.
7i;r.K.
L SIXTH RACE—Futurity course; purse; two-year-olds; value to first. $326.
j Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. %. H- %• Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Ct.
'Prince Brutus (P. Cameron). 102 4 ... Iil6 16l4j Jonee... 6-5 1
iSea Air (T. E. McLeughlln).. 102 1 ... 2 8 2 % 2 % 2 2\i McBrida ... 10 10
Sllverskin (Brlnkworth Co.).. 106 5 ... 41 S&34 32 Bonner ... 0 10
Yada (W. Cahlll) 107 8 ... rt t!i C 40 5 2 4ft |W. Davis.. 10 12
Albert Fir (Jones ft Iiusk)... 1106 3 ... 3U42 41 ftn Greenfield . 7-2 0-2
A. Muekoday (G. W. Dodge).!109 2 ... 5 5 4 C W fi W Anderson .. e 8
I-Nabonassar (J. A. Grey).... 1108 7 ... 7 7 7 7 Alarle BO 150
ime— :24Vj, :40%. 1:11%. At post 1 minute. Off at «:2*%. Brutus, place, 11-20; show,
1-4. Air. place, 3; show. C-6. Sllreraktn. abow, 3-3. Winner, eh. g. by Brutua-
Prlncess. Trained by D. Cameron. Scratched—Hooligan. Lady Goodrich. Start good.
Won in a gallop. Balance driving;. Prlr.ce Brutus ran away from hia company. Sea
Air showed wonderful Improvement. SUverskln in the bad going-. Albert Fir badly
outfooted. "Muskoday can do better.
CORRIGAN SECURES CONTROL
OF HAWTHORNE RACE TRACK
Buys the Interest of Richard Fits-
gcrald and Prepare* to Fight
Western Jockey Clnb.
CHICAGO, Dec. 31.—Edward Cor
rigan has secured control of the Haw
thorne race track. The deal was
closed to-night, when Richard Fitz
gerald, who for a long time has been
th€> principal stockholder ln the track,
sold out his Interest to Corrlgan. The
change of ownership means, it Is said,
that the Western Jockey Club will
have a fight on Its hands if some ac
tion is not taken at its regular month
ly meeting January 3 to revise the rac
ing dates for 1906 picked out for the
different tracks throughout the West
and South at the annual meeting early
in December. Corrlgan now has full
control of the new track at New Or
leans and the probabilities are that
he will also get control of the Kansas
City track. The control of these two
tracks, together with Hawthorne,
makes Corrlgan one of the strongest
leaders of racing in the West. Allied
with Corrlgan will be found several of
tht* other smaller tracks of the West
and Southwest, including Essex Park
at Hot Springs, Ark.
Racing at New Orleans
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 81.—Summary
of to-day's races:
First race, five furlongs—Sponge
Cake won. Jack Sanderson second, Mr.
Barnaby third. Time, 1:014-5.
Second race, six furlongs—Twemo
won, OJlbway second, St. Blue third.
Time, 1:15 4-5.
Third race, five furlongs—Frontenac
won, Pizur second. Jake Greenberg
third. Time, 1:00 4-5.
Fourth race, New Year handicap,
mile and seventy yards—Garnish won.
Miss Betty second, Careless third.
Time, 1:46.
Fifth race, selling, seven furlongs—
Australina won, Lady Draper second,
Vestry third. Time, 1:27 4-6.
Sixth race, mile and three-eighths—
Lee King won, Gravlna second, Aura
master third. Time, 2:231-5.
Will Swim In the Surf To-Day.
Thirty-two members of the Dolphin
Swimming and Boating Club and a
large delegation of Olympic Club
members will walk through Golden
Gate Park this morning to the beach.
Upon their arrival there they will don
swimming suits and will enjoy them
selves in the surf.
' » ' V —
TATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, December 81.
Schr Ivy, Dindqulst, 6 daya from Oooe Bay.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAT—Arrived Dec 31—Stmr Signal,
hence Dec 29.
ABERDEEN—Arrived Dec 31—Schr Robert
Searles. hence Deo 17; achr Henry Wilson,
from San Pedro; schr Comet, from Santa
Barbara. _ „
EUREKA —Arrived Dec 2V—Stmr Arctic,
hence Dec 88: atmr Fulton, hence Deo 27.
Arrived Dec 80—Stmr North Fork, hence
Dee 28, with schr Vine in tow; schr Vine,
bence Dec 28, in tow atmr North Fork; atmr
Pasadena, hence Deo 28; stmr Alliance, from
Coos Bay; stmr Prentiaa, hence Dec 29.
FORTUNES
Have been made In San Fran
cisco Real Estate.
Splendid Chances Yet Remain.
See choice bargains adver
tised in classified ads.
RECORD OP FOURTEEN YEARS
ECLIPSED BY RALPH ROSE
The California Athlete Sets a New
Mark for the Twenty-Four-
Pound Shotput.
NEW YORK, Dec. 31.—At the ath
letic games ln Madison Square Garden
to-night, under the auspices of the
Tastime Athletic Club, Ralph W. Rose,
the Callfornian, who represents Michi
gan University and the Chicago Ath
letic Association, aroused the enthu
siasm of the 6000 spectators by put
ting the twenty-four-pound shot 38
feet 2*4 Inches, establishing a new
record. Richard Sheldon of the New
York Athletic Club was second in this
event with a put of 36 feet 7 inches.
The best previous figures were 33 feet
I**4 inches, made by George Gray of
the New York Athletic Club in 1890.
Prowling Negro Arrested.
BERKELEY, Dec. 31. — Night
WRtchman Coey last night discovered
a strange negro prowling about In the
vicinity of Miss Head's fashionable
school for girls on Charming way and
arrested him upon suspicion. The ne
gro gave the name of John Goren. He
was charged at the county Jail with
vagrancy. A big knife was found on
him. He feigned drunkenness when
arrested. Goren admitted that he was
a hanger-on at the race track. Sev
eral hold-ups and assaults have oc
curred in the last few weeks In Berke
ley and in some Instances a negro w?s
the footpad. The police are attempt
ing to get evidence against Goren.
Letter Interests Police.
BERKELEY. Dec. 31. — AUre
Burke, the 17-year-old girl of 905
Snyder avenue In this city, whose let
ter of Inquiry regarding her father,
whom she has never seen, aroused the
Interest of the police of Chicago, says
now that she wrote the letter "Just for
a Joke."
Miss Burke resides with her grand
mother, Mrs. Mary Donova/i. The
young woman's father deserted his
wife soon after the little girl was born.
She learned recently that Her father
still lives, supposedly, and decided
"for a Joke" to write to the Chicago
police for information of him. The
Burkes formerly resided in Chicago.
Death Due to Accident.
OAKLAND, Dec. 81.—The Coron
er's Jury In the case of John Spysklo,
who was burned to death !n a fire
which destroyed his home in Upper
Fruitvale last Thursday night, re
turned a verdict of accidental death.
The origin of the are was not ascer
tained, but it is supposed that Spys
kie left c lamp burning when he re
tired snd upset it in his sleep.
MICE START EIRE.—A box of wax
matches and a family of mice ln the pantry
closet of the residence of ex-Mayor 3. V. Phe
lan, Valencia and Seventeenth streets, yester
day caused a small fire, which Ignited a pack
age of napkins. There was not damage
enough done to cause annoyance.
JEWISH SERVICE. —Oakland, Deo. 31.—
The completion of the "Tora" will be cele
brated by the membere of Congregation Beth
Abraham at Oermania Hall to-morrow. The
service* will begin at 1 :&0 p. m. and will be
conducted by the Rev. M. Block of 652 Jack
eon street.
SI ES BOARD OF WORKS. —Joseph Baruh
brought suit yesterday against the Board of
Works to recover $299 99 damages for Injuries
alleged to have been sustained by falling Into
a trench on McAllister street while he was
driving a hack,
BALDWIN SILKS
ARE IN FRONT
Cnizados Carries the Fa
mons Black With Maltese
Cross to Easy Victory
FIVE FAVORITES SCORE
3/uddy Condition of Track
Does Not Upset Calcula
tioxis of the Handieappers
LOS ANGELES. Dec, 81.—Cnwados,
carrying; E. J. Baldwin's colors of black
with Maltese cross, won the Mount
Lowe handicap, at six furlong*, with
$1000 added mcoey, to-day at Ascot.
Cruzados was th,t> extreme outsider in
the betting. Whet.v the barrier went up
he shot to the fro,i\t and won pulled
up by half a length from Fossil, wilb
John F, the favorite, third. In spite
of the muddy of the track
more favorites won thaci\on any pre
vious day in the past week- They were
Ethel Scruggs in the first. Andrew
Mack in the second, Sals iv tfie fourth,
Cerro Santa In the fifth and l>utifttl ln
the sixth. Andrew Mack was run up
to $1300 by J. J. McCafferty, bvt the
customary $5 retained him to trie own
er, Mrs. R. Turner. Dutiful wyis run
up $200 in the sixth and was bid in by
R. Turner. Weather cloudy, irack
sloppy. Summary:
First race, selling;, one mile—EYhel
Scruggs, 97 (Miller), 4 to 1, won; Elev
en Bells, 101 (McDanlel), 5 to 1, second;
Foxy Grandpa, 96 (Morlarlty), 6 to JU
third. Time, 1:46. Ray, Ml Relna, Mor
dente. Dug Martin, Estado, Capable
and Ed Guinzburg also ran.
Second race, selling, one mile and an
eighth—Andrew Mack, 104 (McDanlal),
5 to 2, won; Chub, 110 (Hildebran#t>. 6
to 2, second; Jlngler, 99 (Tooman), 12
to 1, third. Time, 1:671*. Needful and
Diamante also ran.
Third race. Mount Lowe handicap.
$1000 added, six furlongs—Cruzados, 113
(Fuller), 10 to 1, won; Fossil, 126*
(Prior). 4 to 1, second; John F, 115
(Walsh), 3 to 1, third. Time, 1:14. Luck
ett, Fireball, Tyrollan and Tim Payne
also ran.
Fourth race, handicap, two-year-olds
and upward, one mile and a sixteenth-
Sals, 102 (Hlldebrand), 2 to 1. won;
Bragg, 115 (Booker), 1 to 2, second;
Line of Life, 97 (Walsh), 3 to 1, third.
Time, 1:60. Evea O and Nitrate also
ran.
Fifth race, selling 1 , Slauson course—
Cerro Santa, 103 (Herbsrt). 11 to 10,
won; West Brookfield, 95 (McDanlel),
6 to 1, second; The Major, 108 (Fuller),
4 to 1, third. Time, 1:11. Buchanan,
Patsy Brown, Interlude and Fair Light
also ran.
Sixth race, selling, one mile—Dutiful.
105 (Tooman), 7 to 2, Won; Exapo, 101
(McDaniel), 7 to 1, second; Laureatea,
101 (Moriarity), 7 to L third. Time, 1:45.
Crlgli, Position and Emily Oliver also
ran. Bluerldge left at the post
Provides for Cat* by Will.
The will of Margaret J. Perry was
filed to-day in the Surrogate's Court.
Mrs. Perry was well known to many
New Yorkers as the owner of the
Perry. House at Tarrytown, where au
tomobillsts and coaching parties stop
ped on their way to and from the Ards
ley Club. She leaves an estate of up
ward of $25,000, which Is distributed
among her husband and 62 nieces,
nephews and Intimate social friends.
Mrs. Perry was fond of well bred cat*
and she provides that her two tabbies
are to be given to her niece, Nellie
lllauvelt. and requests that she pro
vide suitably for them as long as they
live and keep them In the house where
she resided as long as the same is oc
cupied by her husband. The husband
has a life use of her property. The
bequests to the nieces and nephews are
houses and lots and cash In amounts
ranging from $200 to $50.—North Amer
ican.
If a woman keeps her husband In hot
water he may retaliate by soaking her.
.
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■MM
Men. Here's an Offer!
Suppose You Are a Weak Mao. I
You've doctored and doped till you 5
You would P ay for anything that*
C ) would give you back your old vim. *
You don't want to pay out any more i
money till you are sure. ■
km IBfe 7 181 \\\\\ cure you 3 will do so or pay you $1000. ■
k\ m list} at fair? Then get in line. g
I know what I can do, because I've done it and am doing ■
I it every day. I'm sure that Electricity is the life and that I can ■
restore it where it's lost. So if you need what I offer, and don't ■
ftp ,-W J mm want to risk my price, I'll take the chances. *
WmammW Vmm And when v° u do oav me the cost is less than * 9nort " a ~ 5
n B| f 'Be \JM son of drugging, and how much more pleasant! You put my ■
Xi ■ • %\£ Belt on when you go to bed; you feel the soothing, exhilarat- g
ing vigor flowing into your weak body, and while you |
W \r peacefully it fills you full of the. fire of life. You wake up in ■
% im J morning feeling like a giant. *
t\ Jf¥ If Now, I can't cure everything. I don't claim to, and I won't take m
Ti a case that I don't feel sure of, but all these troubles which come |
Vi from an carlv waste or vitality, from dissipation of any kind, from I
J&iAmm >\ decay of nerve power, or from any organic, stomach, liver or kidney •
' Jw' i I weakness, I can cure, and those are the cases I am willing to tackle P
P &jS ' j and take the chances on. 5
\L f\ I l m CUrinß thCm every < * ay * Here are a few men recently J
fcj mJI Arnold F. Berri of Marshall, Cal., says I cured him after the fail- J
"fig s - B3 PI ure of doctors. 5
-jjL&J&W Hugh Fraser, 300 Sutter st., San Francisco, cured of Lumbago and _
Sciatica after suffering for years. ■
A. J. Hammond, no Pine St., cured of general debility. Is an old fj
man, but now strong and vigorous. ■
Tell me where you are and 111 give you the name of a man in your own town that I've cured. I've g
got cures in every town. . ~ . . ~ a ».' *
That's enough. You need the cure. I've got it. You want it. Tll give it to you. Come and get it M
now. The pleasurable moments of thii life are too few. so don't throw any away. While there s a chance I
to be husky and strong, to throw out your chest and look at yourself in the gl*ss and say. Im a man, ■
do it, and don't waste time thinking about it. m
I've got a beautiful book, full of good, honest talk about how men are made big and noble, and J
I'll send it to you free, sealed, if you send this ad. Call for consultation free. ■
fID M r M/*I AITHHI 1M dO6 MARKET STREET, ABOVE ELLIS. SAN FRANCISCO. B
UK. /▼!• W. office Hours—t a. in. to Bp. tn. Sundays. 10 to 1. Not sold in drug etors*. g
mmiHiiiiiiiiiiiii
MISS CROCKER
WINS TROPHY
Miss Van Vliet Sustains
Her First Defeat on the
Public Tennis Courts
VICTOR IS PROMISING
Janes Defeats Collkr in
a Well-Played Match of
Continuous Tournament
There was some spirited play yester
day on the tennis courts. On the Gold
en Gate Park courts the ladies finished
their handicap singles tournament for
Cochrane cup. This event was started
earlier in the week and was completed
to the finals la one half and to the
semi-finals ha the other. The first match
yesterday was between Miss Sarita Van
Vliet, who "owed 15 3-6," and Miss
Gold a Myer, playing from scratch- As
the score shows, the handicap was
about right- * Miss Van Vliet won two
sets out of three, the score being 6-3,
6-7, %-Z.
Miss Van Vliet met Miss Vera Crock
er in the finals, and the handicap was
the same as in the preceding match.
Miss Van VMet did her best to Win, *nit
her opponent proved too clever and
took the first and third sets quite hand
ily. Miss Van Vliet won the second set
easily. The score, in Miss Crocker's
favor, was 6-3, 2-6, 6-1.
This is the first time Miss Van Vliet
has been beaten in a ladies' tourna
ment. She won the cup the last time it
was played for, but she was asked to
gtve larger odds yesterday. Miss Crock
er is a clever young; player who will be
heard from in the future.
On the California Club courts two
continuous tournament matches were
flayed and many good practice games.
former were the closest the tour
nament has as yet brought out.
Geo. r ge Janes, who is No. 1 man, met
and d&.'eated W. B. Collier, No. 2, in
one of tlie closest and most stubbornly
contested matches seen on the club
courts in nymths. All three sets were
close, the secYnd going to 13-11. Collier
won the first wet by a 7-5 score, and
had many chances to annex the second.
After twenty-four games had been
played, in which flrct one player was
ahead and then the or"?er, Janes finally
got two games ahead ai;d won. Collier
tried his hardest to win ri" out In the
third set, but his younger opponent
stood the strain better and Won by a
6-4 score.
Thia is Janes' second victory pver
Collier ln the tournament. The winner
has been remarkably successful sine*
he joined the club. He has not been beat
en In a tournament as yet. This is not
the fin-' time he has had a close call,
but he usually manages to come out on
the long end. Many of his opponents
consider him lucky. This is true, but
he has something besides luck.
The other tournament match was also
close. It required three sets, the short
est of which was 6-4. The contestants
were Harold Gabriel and Al Kenyon.
Gabriel won the second and third sets
after losing the first. The score was
5-7, 6-4, 7-5.
The following practice matches were
played: Herbert Schmidt and Harry
Rolfe beat B. F. Nourse and Carl Gard
ner, 6-4, 3-6, 6-4; Schmidt beat Rolfe,
6-2; Sumner Hardy and Schmidt beat
Sam Hardy and Dr. Hill, 10-8; Sam
Hardy and Hill beat Sumner Hardy
and Dr. McChesney, 6-0; George Janes
and Al Kenyon tied J. S. Tobln and ML
Long, 2-6, 7-5; Llsser brothers beat
Thome and Lund, 6-2; Dr. Younger and
Dr. Philip tied M. "Warner and Nourse,
6-4. 6-7; W. Johnson and G. Cutter beat
Lund and Thorne, 6-2, 6-3, 6-8.
SINGLES TOURNAMENT ENTRIES.
Thirty-Fonr Racket Wfelders to Meet
on California Club Courts.
The annual New Year's day class
singles tournament will be played on
the California Club courts to-day and
to-morrow. Thirty-four players en*
tered and were divided into foui
classes. Nine men were placed In the
first class. Collier and Tobln are the
only ones who have been seen ln that
POLO PLAYERS
IN MATCH CAME
Twelve Horsemen Available
for the Competition To*-
Day on Clark's Field
POM KACIXGTO-MOIIROW
Sensational Sport Expected
at San Mateo When #ie
Tiny Thoroughbreds Start
Twelve crack pololsts will be avail
able for a game to be played this aft
ernoon on the private field of Charles
W. Clark at San Mateo. As onty eight
men can play, the teams must be de«?
termlned by lot and some of the horse
men who are anxious to compete will
be disappointed. Francis J. Carolan
and Paul Clagstone will be on the field
for the first time this season.
Thomas A. Drisooll will be an ab
sentee and in his present frame of
mind he will probably never play an
other game. He contemplated retiring
and his recent accident will undoubt
edly strengthen this Intention, al
though it was not sustained on the
polo field. The first reports of the ac
cident were erroneous. It seems Mr.
Briscoll was riding quietly along* the
road, near Burlingame. when his pony
stepped into a hole. Mr. Driscoll waa
bundled up in a heavy overcoat and
before he could make a move to save
himself the pony rolled over on him.
His side was badly crushed and It
wUI be some time before he can be out,
A large attendance is expected at the
pony races to-morrow at San Mateo.
The events are all filled well and the
fleetest thoroughbreds ln miniature ln
all the world will face the starter.
Fusliade, Becky, Silver Dick and other
ponies will meet.
Two Association Football Games.
Two practice games of association
football will be played to-day between
teams belonging to the California
League. On the ground at Webster
street, Alameda, the Occidentals will
line up against the Vampires, each
club being represented by a scratch
team. On the ground at Idora Park.
Oakland, the Pickwick eleven will play
against the Eagles. The ball will be
kicked off at 2:30 p. m. on each
ground.
class before. For soma Inexplicable
reason Cornell and Spllvalo were put
in the second class Instead of the first.
In the first class Collier and Janes
are the strongest players. J, 8. Tobin
has entered, but can hardly last
through the tournament. Schmidt has
had but little practice of late, but
stands a good chance to win. Oardne»
is another player who should not be
overlooked.
With Cornell and Spllvalo In the
second class the other four entries do
not look to have much chance. M.
Long may make Cornell work, but the
latter should win the class.
In the third class there are also
six entries. Kenyon looks by far the
best man ln the class. He would not
be out of place in the second class.
The fourth class is by far the larg
est and the players are all evenly
matched. The drawings resulted as
follows:
First class, preliminary round—Her
bert Long- vs. J. S. Tobin.
First round —G. H. Butch vs. W. B.
Collier; B. F. Nourse, a bye: G. Janes
vs. C. Gardner; H. Schmidt vt. H.
Rolfe.
Second class, preliminary round—
A. Beyfusa vs. M. Long; Ray SpUvalo
vs. Ray Cornell.
First round—G. Cutter and P. Jones,
byes.
Third class, preliminary round—Dx.
Lovegrove vs. H. Punnettj H. Baker
vs. A. Kenyon.
First round —M. Warner and O.
Kuehn. byes.
Fourth class, preliminary round—
B. Wallace vs. J. Thorne; H. Lund
W. Murphy; R. Daggett vs. B). Rob
bins: M. Little vs. W. Johnson; Dm,
Noble vs. E. Bacon.
First round—Ersktns, a bys*
Knowlton vs. W. Koehler.
4142
PIITATM ACTRESS FLAUNTS
fflffl SARCASM IN COURT
Bfe Prefers "SfieecawQo" to "Frisco"
Eastern Police Addicted to Old-Time Gallantry
■Miss May Watson Informed Police
Judge Mogan that a very brief stay in
San Francisco had sufficed to Inspire
her with yearning to go elsewhere—
eastward preferred.
"Frisco's a lovely city, I don't think,"
she said, with fine sarcasm. "Sheecaw
go, where I was horn and raised, is
so far behind the times that the police
never think of arresting ladies and
charging them with vagrancy. It takes
one to come 'way out here to learn
what's up-to-date. Poor old Sheecawgo
is bo awful backward, I'm sure, not."
Patrolman J. F. Bruce remarked that
when he interrogated Miss Watson at
Sixth and Howard streets, preliminary
to arresting her, she told, him, among
other things, that she was a daughter
of Missouri. *
"Smart chap this," the defendant re
joined, winking at the bench and al
luding to the officer. "If he has an
other think coming I wish you'd tip
him to remember that I didn't tell him
that at all. When he threatened to run
me in I asked him what for, and he
said for vagrancy, and I said, 'Well,
I'm from Missouri, and you must show
me.' Another thing the Sheecawgo po
lice do is to try to tell the truth—but
they are such back numbers, ye know."
Then the Judge asked Miss Watson
to state her age, and when she replied
"thirty." he looked at her incredulously
and said, "Is that all?"
"All?" she hissed. "All? Ain't that
enough? I'm sure if I had even sus
pected you thought I was more than
thirty I'd a-tacked on a few more
years. I'm awfully obliging that way."
"You appear to be at least fifty," said
his Honor, with brutal candor.
"Hee, hee, d'ye really think so? My,
•how did you guess so closely? I've
.never heard of a Sheecawgo Judge ask
ing a lady her age—but the Sheecawgo
Judges are so stupid, ye y Tcnow."
Miss Watson, with frequent ironical
digressions to Sheecawgo, averred that
she lived at 136 Howard street with her
husband, an actor, and that she, too,
was a stage artist, but "resting."
"In poor, old-fashioned Sheecawgo,"
she concluded, "actresses are not rated
as vagrants."
Che was remanded for further in
quiry, the Judge promising that if her
plea» was only half-confirmed he would
permit her to return to "Sheecawgo."
• * •
There were four distinct charges of
swindling against David de Costa.
.Judge Conlan pronounced him guilty
on each and sentenced him to one
year's imprisonment.
Mr. de Costa's game was to engage
'a room in a lodging-house and tender
in payment of one week's advance
rental a $20 Confederate bill. If the
landlady accepted the bill and gave
'him whatever change was due he pock
eted it and departed, to return no
.more; but if she detected the worthless
ness of the paper he feigned both sur
prise and grief and declared he had
been taken in and done for by some
imaginary person who had given him
the scrip. When arrested he hid suc
cessfully worked his trick on Mrs. So
phia Rainier of 456 Eddy street, Mrs.
"Barbara Kerr of 605 Eddy street, Mrs.
Hortense Powers of 1232 Octavla street
and Mrs. E. R. Milford of 1340 Fillmore
" street, all of whom testified against
him. His accomplice, one Roy Gorlane,
is held for sentence.
• » i
After an attorney's eloquent plea in
Tjehalf of lone Moore, convicted of shop
lifting, Judge Fritz imposed a $50 flne,
which was promptly paid. A few min
utes later his Honor ascertained that
the woman was an old offender in the
light-fingered line, and he said things
which were not entered in the court
record.
• • •
Robert Bacon, a job printer, was ac
* cused of battery by Edward C. Evers,
a fellow craftsman. Both the com
plainant and the defendant displayed
bruised and blackened eyes to Judge
Cabaniss. The story was that Mr. Ba
con had dismissed from his employ a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Silverware /
Department
Contains much that Is
of Interest to house
keepers and to those
who contemplate the
purchase of engage
ment or wadding
presents : :
Bohm-Bristol Co.
Jewelers and 1
// Silversmiths 1
fvj 104-110 Geary Street U/X
BY JAMES O. CRAWFORD.
certain young woman and thereby in
curred the displeasure of Mr. Evers,
who works in the same building on
Commercial street. Thereafter ap
peared on the walls of said building
placards which alluded to Mr. Bacon
in an uncomplimentary way. Mr. Ba
con suspected Mr. Evers of their au
thorship and taxed him with it when
they met on the stairs. In the ensuing
fight Mr. Evers received more punish
ment than his adversary and caused
the latter's arrest. The hearing was
continued for thirty days.
"Wen Ah gits er chance ter poke in
a defense Ah'll s'prise some folks wif
wat Ah've got ter say," remarked Ed
ward Parker (colored), accused of at
tempting to murder Henry Crittenden
(colored) in a lodging-house at 11 East
street. >
"He did it wif er razzah," Mr. Crit
tenden averred, "en 'taint no fault ob
his'n dat Ah ain't er dead 'n ter-day.
Ah nebber seed sich er m'licious man
es dis yah Pahkah. He cut en he
slashed en he cahved till mah noo coat
was in tatters, en he'd a got me suah
ef he harn't bin pulled off'n me."
Mr. Parker's defense will be heard on
January 4, and Bailiff Hickey believes
that it will disclose a woman—maybe
Miss Anastatla Johnson—at the bottom
of the case. Neither of the gentlemen
Is a permanent resident of San Fran
cisco, Mr. Parker hailing from Mill
"Valley and Mr. Critetnden voting in
Oakland.
• * •
Soon after Jeremiah Donovan's ar
rest for drunkenness and disturbing
the peace he was released on ball and
advised to abstain from absorbing
toxicants until his case was disposed
of by Judge Conlan. He not only ig
nored the counsel, but conveyed into
court a huge and ferocious-aiypearing
dog in addition to a thoroughly ma
tured "jag." When he was called to
the bench the canine accompanied
hfm, and the Judge at, once ordered
the man's incarceration and the
quadruped's removal. The two bailiffs
found it no difficult task to obey the
order as to the man, for he was inebri
ated unto helplessness, but the dog's
ejection was easier of suggestion than
accomplishment. The brute took ref
uge under the attorneys' table and
growlingly dared any person to lay so
much as one finger upon him. Bailiff
Laws advanced boldly to his duty, but
war, driven back by a dental display
and an angry snarl that prompted quite
a number of prildent masculine "behold-
ers to clamber upon chairs and several
women hurriedly to hasten doorward.
"Remove that dog," commanded his
Honor, "and let us have order in
court."
Again the bailiffs, reinforced by a
valiant policeman, endeavored to obey
the mandate, and again the glistening
fangs and the gutteral danger signal
stopped them. Then they tried per
suasion. They chirruped and snapped
their fingers and patted their knees
and whistled and coaxingly said "Good
doggie—come—that's a nice doggie,"
but the beast merely smiled through
his snarl and blinked his red eyes and
moved not one inch from his defensive
position.
The situation was becoming* quite
serious when a woman hurried into
the chamber, walked right up to the
beleaguered dog, sharply exclaimed,
"Come out o* that, sir," grasped his
collar and escorted him to the corridoi
without the least show of resistance on
his part. Then the bailiffs sat down
and mopped their brows and the tri
bunal resumed its routine.
The woman was Mr. Donovan's wife,
» » »
Judge Mogan dismissed eleven com
plaints in which the charge was pool
selling and again chided the police for
bringing such cases into his court
without sufficient evidence to warrant
conviction. The defendants were
cigar dealers and on the premises of
each of them were found "entry
sheets" and blank tickets such as are,
used when bets are made. But there
was no evidence that any bets had
been made.
"This thing- is becoming a farce."
«aid the Judgre, "and hereafter I wih
refuse to sign a warrant unless thu
complainant is able to prove thai
pools have actually been sold or bets
made by the defendants."
The arresting- policemen said they
had simply obeyed the instruction!*
Issued by their captains.
A. Li. Bratten, an employe of the
Standard Oil Company, declined to
prosecute Matt Sweeney, a bellboy,
who was arrested for stealing- some
clothing- from that gentleman's apart*
rnents In the Hotel Stewart. Judge
Mogan held that Mr. Bratten's show
of mercy was ill-advised, inasmuch as>
pilfering by bellboys had become so
common that the sending of the de
fendant to jail might have a deterrent
effect on whatever larcenous proclivi
ties his contemporaries might be af
flicted with. Mr. Bratten, however,
decided to give Master Sweeney arts
other chance to elude the prison taint.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 1, 1905
CHADWICK
A DUPE OF
HIS WIFE
Arrested on His Arrival
From Europe the Cleve
land Physician Weeps Over
Eecord of Woman's Life
NOT KNOWN TO HIM
AS MADAME DEVEUE
His Fortune and That of
His Daughter Are Gone
and They Are Now Home-
less and Without Funds
NEW YORK, Dec. 31.—Dr. Leroy S.
Chadwick, husband of Mrs. Cassie L.
Chidwick, arrived, in this country to
day on the steamship Pretoria, ran the
gauntlet of big crowds which had wait
ed for hours to see him, was taken to
the Hoboken police headquarters and to
the Recorder's Court and finally left
for Cleveland, not as a prisoner, but as
the guest of Sheriff Barry, who had
come from Ohio with a warrant for the
doctors arrest, which he did not serve.
After the trying ordeal of the day Dr.
Chadwick appeared cheerful when he
and Sheriff Barry arrived at the Penn
sylvania station in Jersey City this Aft
ernoon to take the 5:15 train for Cleve
land.
Sheriff Barry had left Dr. Chadwick
and his daughter, Miss Mary Chadwick,
at the hotel in Hoboken while he came
to New York to attend to some busi
ness. The Sheriff'returned to the hotel
eafly in the afternoon and he and Dr.
Chadwick rode to the station in a cab.
During an hour's wait at the station
Dr. Chadwick talked of his travels, but
declined to discuss his wife's troubles
or his own. His daughter remained in
Hoboken and in a few days will go to
Jacksonville, Fla. The doctor's depart
ure was delayed several hours that he
might arrange for Miss Chadwick's trip
to the South.
DAUGHTER IS PENNILESS.
According to an interview with a first
cabin passenger published here to-day,
Miss Mary Chadwick said in the course
of the voyage to America:
"We knew nothing or suspected noth
ing until remittances from home began
to fall short. Now, I have all of my
gowns but none of my money left. I
don't know what it all means. I know
.that father is not to blame. I think
there has been some horrible mistake
that we will be able to clear up when
we get home. I hated to believe that
my mother wrongfully used my money,
although apparently it is all gone."
According to the interview, Dr. Chad
wick had lost $8000 of his money and
several hundred thousand dollars that
belonged to his daughter in her own
right had also disappeared.
DR. CHADWICK'S STATEMENT.
Dr. Chadwick gave the press a long
interview on his arrival. In reply to
questions he said:
"I am inexpressibly shocked by the
recent turn of events. I am inqo'cent
of all charges against me and can
point with pride to a thirty-five years'
residence in Cleveland. I cannot be
lieve that the dreadful things printed
by the papers are true. I am entire
ly without information as to the case
except what I read in the papers and
what you have been good enough to
tell me, so I can say nothing of the
awful charges against my wife. My
life the past few weeks has been a liv
ing death, and I hope no one will ever
go through what I have undergone.
To think that my professional career,
which has always been successful,
should be blighted. My daughter,
Mary—poor little darling! I love her
as my life. When I recovered from my
illness in Paris my financial resources
made it necessary for me to travel in
the second cabin. I insisted that she
go first class, but the noble girl re
fused and has kept at my side, cheer
ing me in my dark hour of trouble and
proving to me more and more what a
splendid woman she is.
"Oh. this is a dreadful calamity. I
had no idea that such a fate was
mine. I know little of Mrs. Chadwick's
financial affairs, and until I find out
the details will say nothing. I am
overwhelmed by the charges against
her."
GIVES WAY TO TEARS.
Dr. Chadwick read the dispatch
from Cleveland that Mrs. Chadwick
had been measured by the Bertillon
system. As he finished the reading
he groaned aloud and as he turned to
the correspondent, tears rolled down
his cheeks. The doctor, ill and sore
at heart, was completely overwhelmed
by the revelation and the subsequent
developments.
"This is the last straw," he said,
"measuring her in that way. Oh, that
I am brought to this! I knew that I
should find trouble and breakers
ahead, but I never for a moment ex
pected arrest. Guilty? Of course I'm
not guilty. I am absolutely Innocent.
And you say poor old Beckwith %s very
ill? Poor man! I know him but lit
tle, but I am sure he is innocent."
Ther correspondent then told Dr.
Chadwick the statement that has been
made that Mrs. Chadwick is believed
tc be Madame Devere. He fell back
stunned.
"Madame Devere," he cried. "Oh,
no, no; don't say that! That can't be.
I don't believe that such a thing can
bo possible. If she is I have never
suspected it and do not for a moment
believe it."
"Do you think Mrs. Cha'dwick can
be guilty as accused?" was asked.
"I cannot think her* guilty of any
thing. I do not know the charges, but
she cannot be guilty."
HOMELESS AND A PAUPER.
Asked about his financial resources,
he said:
"If what the papers say is true, I am
a pauper. You saw my beautiful home
in Cleveland and you know how I have
lived. Now you see me coming back
in the second cabin —I, who have al
ways traveled by the best ships and'
occupied the best cabins. But if all
that has been said is true I am home
less and without a dollar. Oh, it is hard
for one at my time of life to come to
this. You ask if I am guilty. I have
gald 'No!'
"To make my situation clear I have 1
in contemplation the writing of a book.,
I want physicians, lawyers, clergymen,!
bankers, business men, everybody to
know where I stand. I have written
the skeleton of the book already and
expect to have time to write It. I will
show the world everything.
"You say my wife is accused of be
ing Madame Devere. Did I look into
her history? Think of my position. I
was a widower with an invalid Bister,
my mother in bed with a fractured leg,
my eight-year-old daughter mother
less. I would like to know some one
who would take an Interest ln my
ENGINEER MEETS DEATH
IN A WRECK AT SUISUN
ENGINEER OF OREGON EXPRESS, WHO WAS KILLED IN A COLLISION AT
BCISUN CAUSED BT THE CARELESSNESS OF ANOTHER EMPLOYE, WHO
LEFT A SWITCH OPEN AND BABE OF DEAD MAN.
household and bring order out of chaos.
No one on earth can know my feelings
to-day, and God help that blessed girl
who has been helping to bear my bur
dens."
MRS. CHADWICK COLLAPSES.
CLEVELAND, 0.. Dec. 31.—With
tears streaming down her face, while
she wrung her hands in nervous excite
ment, Mrs. Chadwick to-day listened
in the corridor of the County Jail to
the reading of the dispatches telling
of the scenes enacted on board the
steamship Pretoria, incidental to the
taking into custody of her husband,
Dr. Chadwick, by Sheriff Barry. Mrs.
Chadwick was unable to control her
feelings, and interrupted the reading
of the dispatch at almost every word
with some comment.
"Oh, my poor husband," she ex
claimed, between her sobs. "To think
that he must be dragged Into these
terrible charges against me. He is as
Innocent of any wrongdoing as an un
born babe."
When the doctor's statement detail
ing the circumstances under which he
had met and married her was read,
Mrs. Chadwick sprang to her feet, and,
pacing up and down the jail corridor,
shrieked in mental agony until her
cries could be heard through the build
ing.
"It is not true," she cried: "I do not
believe the doctor ever said anything
6f the kind."
For a moment the woman continued
her rapid walk up and down the nar
row confines of the corridor, then she
suddenly stopped, and, throwing: up
her arms, fell to the floor ln a faint.
She was carried to a cot by the jail at
tendants and later became more calm.
Judge Tilden, in the Criminal Court,
to-day fixed the bail of Dr. Chadwick
at $10,000. Attorney Dawley stated
that a bond for that amount probably
would be ready on Dr. Chadwlck's ar
rival here. _j
LABOR REPRESENTATIVES
WILL CONVENE AT CAPITAL
Partial Programme Outlined With
Sundry Numbers to Lighten
Delegates' Duties.
Representatives from several organ
ized labor bodies will convene in Sac
ramento to-morrow, where the State
Federation of Labor will hold its fifth
annual session. The proceedings will
commence at 9:30 o'clock in the fore
noon, at which time it is considered
that a much larger representation will
be on hand than at any preceding con
vention.
According to the programme it is fair
to presume that the election of officers
of the federation will take place on
Wednesday. Suitable preparations have
been made for the comfort of the visit
ing delegates by the Sacramento
Trades Council. Delegates are request
ed when buying their tickets from the
railroad agents to procure a convention
receipt. *
The following is part of the enter
tainments mapped out by the people of
Sacramento for the edification of the
delegates: *
Banquet Tuesday evening, January
3. List of speakers ; a.nd subjects:
Address of welcome by Henry G. Frey,
president of Sacramento Federated
Trades Council, and introduction of
toastmaster of evening.
Remarks by Toastmaster John M.
Higgins; "The State of California,"
Governor George C. Pardee; "The Cali
fornia State Federation of Labor,"
Harry A. Knox; general remarks, Hon.
Charles F. Curry; "The Future of the
Labor Movement," G. B. Benham;
"The Attitude of the Allied Printing
Trades Toward Employes," Hon. W.
W. Shannon; "State Organization," F.
C. Wheeler; "The City of Sacramento,"
Mayor W. J. Hassett: "The Bar," Hon.
E. C. Hart; "The Press," E. I. Wood
man; "The Rights and Duties of Or
ganized Labor," W. F. Gormley; "De
velopment of the Resources of Califor
nia," John C. Ing.
Grand ball at Turner Hall on
Wednesday evening, January 4.
Floor director, M. T. Hudson; floor
managers, L. P. Williams, D. D. Sulli
van, E. McGeeney, R. W. Coleman, M.
W. St. Denis, X T. Johnston, W. H.
Ripley, W. L. Rose.
Itinerary of trolley ride for Thursday
afternoon, January 5: Take cars at
Turner Hall at 1:30 p. m., passing State
Capitol and visiting Crocker Art Gal
lery; from there through business and
residence portions of city to Sutter's
FLAMES CAUSE
$000,000 LOSS
Fire Starts in Seven-Story
Building in Chicago and
Spreads With Great Speed
CHICAGO, Dec. 31.—A fire that
started to-day on the second floor of
the seven-story brick building in West
"Van Euren street occupied by the Cash
Buyers' Union destroyed property val
ued at $600,000. Spreading rapidly, the
fire soon assumed such large propor
tions that the whole district was in
danger and a second alarm was sent
in, followed by a series of extra calls
for additional men and apparatus.
When the fire penetrated to the ad
joining building, occupied by the Zeno
Manufacturing Company, a four-story
structure, the firemen were ordered to
the roofs of adjacent buildings to fight
the flames. Within a few minutes the
flames had gutted the structure and
spread to the Boston Rubber Paint
Company. Then the flames, cracking
the brick walls of the building, spread
to 1602 West Van Buren street, causing
heavy damage to the Peninsular Stove
Company, which firm occupied the
seven floors. So fierce did the blaze
become that burning sparks, carried by
a high gale, were driven over the dis
trict and building blocks far away
caught fire.
With a detonation that was heard
for squares an explosion in the base
ment ot the Cash Buyers' Union tore
up the streets and sidewalks, throwing
flrymen into the air and knocking the
wires of the Van Buren street electric
car line down. Fred Biocki, a fire
man, was struck on the head by fall
ing bricks and severely injured. Crush
ing down through the walls of the
structure adjoining came the towering
walls of the Peninsular Stove Com
pany, and those of the Cash Buyers'
Union tottered and collapsed.
A series of small explosions followed
the fall of the walls. A two-story
frame dwelling at 1663 West Van Bu
ren street, occupied as a rooming
house, was crushed like a shell by the
falling walls. The inmates had been
awakened earlier and escaped to th»
street, but were unable to save any
of their clothing.
There was a small panic on the Met
ropolitan Railway when the motormen
rushed their cars through the smoke.
Passengers attempted to get out, but
were held in check by the guards.
When the explosion occurred the win
dows in the residences across the street
were shattered and chimneys were
thrown down. Firemen who were in
the path of the falling walls escaped
by leaping into a hole that was
being dug at the east side of a frame
building.
The fire is pronounced by Chief Cam
pion to have made more rapid head
way than any in his experience since
the great fire of 1871.
Ladies' Improvement Club.
A very enjoyable Christmas party
was given by the young ladies of
Eureka Valley and upper Market street
in Improvement Hall, 2569 Market
street, on Monday evening, December
26. Those present were Ellis Tyrrell,
Ruth Dubois, Albert Keane, Ursula
Dubois, Max Pavel. Sadie ■ Lewis,
Charles Proverb, Alma Dubois, Joe
Collins, Hazel de Guerre, Allen Olin
ger, Grace Walker, Joe Peters, Marilla
Wilson, Phil Maas, Viola Manuel. Pro
fessor Fabian, Eugenia Symington,
Raymond Keane, Elizabeth Riggins,
William Nixon, Marie Priest, Augusta
Weihe. Norma Shaver, Bessie Shankey
and Olga Beck.
Fort, where stop will be made; from
there to suburban train of Oak Park
end of line; make short stop; from
there back toward city, making- one
hour stop at the plant of the Buffalo
Brewing Company, whose management
has extended invitation to visit and
sample their products; from there to
hall, arriving at 6 p. m.
The Oregon Express
Runs Into Train
on Sidetrack.
DUE TO NEGLECT
Switch Is Left Open
and Disaster
Follows.
BLAME NOT FIXED
Special Dispatch to The Call,
SUISUN, Dec. 31.—A train wreck oc
curred here this morning about 8
o'clock in which Herman L. Peters, an
engineer, lost his life. Several other
persons narrowly escaped a like fate.
Two engines, a mail car, a baggage car
and three flat cars were smashed Into
a heap of scrap iron and splinters.
The wreck was caused by No. 11
train, the Oregon Express, running into
an open switch and crashing into the
engine of a gravel train which was
standing on a side track waiting for
the passenger train to pass.
The gravel train had backed on the
siding about a half hour before, and J.
N. Sheridan, the brakeman who had
charge of the switch, says he closed it
after the train had reached the siding.
Conductor W. G. Brown of the same
train also says that the switch was
closed after his train went upon the
siding, but it was open a few minutes
afterward when the ill-fated train ap
proached it.
Herbert Schroeder, fireman on the
passenger train, says he discovered the
open switch when his train was within
two or three car lengths of it. He told
the engineer and then jumped from the
cab, escaping with a sprained wrist.
Engineer Peters immediately applied
the emergency brakes and jumped
through the cab window. Before he
could get out of the way the crash
came and he was caught under the
wreckage of the mail and baggage car.
His body was crushed to a pulp and
both arms and both legs were frac
tured. He lived but a few minutes, be
ing partly conscious up to the last and
spoke of his wife and baby, who reside
at 941 Willow street, Oakland.
H. B. Charles, express messenger, and
L. C. Atchinson, mall clerk, were ln the
combination mail and express car,
which was completely telescoped, but
escaped with slight injuries.
The coaches remained on the track
and the passengers were treated to a
severe shaking* up, but none of them
received any injuries save a few
scratches and slight bruises.
H. E. Littlejohn, engineer of the
gravel train, together with J. N. Sheri
dan and W. N. Maher, brakeman of the
same train, were in the engine when
they saw the approaching train turn
into the siding about 200 feet away.
They made their escape by jumping.
One of the flat cars was driven
through the wall of the cannery build
ing near the track. Traffic on the main
line was not blocked, the wreckage be
ing on the siding. A wrecking crew
and train arrived from Oakland this
afternoon to clear up the debris. The
engines are almost a total wreck.
An inquest was held here this after
noon by Justice of the Peace E. F.
Biggs of Benicia, acting Coroner, to
investigate the cause of, and fix the re
sponsibility if possible, for the death of
Engineer Peters. Brakeman Shceridan
testified that he had closed the switch
after the gravel train had passed
through it and he was corroborated by
Conductor Brown. The verdict of the
Jury was that Peters came to his death
in a railroad collision caused by an
open switch, and while the accident was
caused by the gross negligence of some
one, the Jury could not from the evi
dence fix the blame upon any particu
lar person.
Engineer Peters was 38 years of ago
and a native of Kentucky.
MOURN PETERS' DEATH.
Unfortunate Engineer Leaves a Young
Wife and Baby in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Dec. 31.—Herman L.
Peters, the Southern Pacific engineer
who was killed at Suisun this morning,
resided at 941 Willow street in this
city. He had been in the employ of
the company for more than twelve
years and was considered one of the
most careful engineers on the local
division.
As soon as the news of Peters' death
was received at the West Oakland
yards Master Mechanic Russell or
dered the nag at the roundhouse set
at halfmast as a token of respect to
the dead engineer.
Peters leaves a wife, Mrs. Julia
Peters, an 18 months old baby and
an ag-ed mother. The wife and mother
were prostrated when they learned of
his terrible death. Mrs. Peters Is a
sister-in-law of Superior Judge L. F.
Smith of Santa Cruz.
NAVY YARD WAGE SCALE
TO REMAIN UNCHANGED
Assistant Secretary Darling Issues
Order of Great Importance to
Government Mechanics.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 31.—Assistant
Secretary Darling- of the Navy Depart
ment, who has direct supervision over
the matter of labor employment In
the various navy yards and stations,
to-day issued an order that the exist
ing scale of wages of mechanics and
others shall be practically unchanged
during the calendar year of 1905.
S«rong efforts have been made to in
duce the department to change the
scale, either for the benefit T>f the
men or ln the Interests of economy.
TOBACCO AND SUGAR TAX
MEANS RUIN TO ISLANDS
So Says Philippines Chamber of Com-
mcrce in Message to Secre
tary Taft.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 31.—Secretary
Taft has received the following- cable
gram from the president of the Philip*
pines Chamber of Commerce at Ma
nila:
"Secretary of War, Washington:
Philippines Chamber of Commerce*
asks Congress to save the Philippines,
from ruin by wholly abolishing the
tariff on our tobacco and sugar.
"PRESIDENT."
New California Postmasters.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 31.—The fol
lowing: California postmasters were
appointed to-day: Benjamin F. Leeds,
Alcatraz; David H. Baldwin. Man
zarra, Los Angeles County, and Agnes
E. Armstrong, San Antonio.
KEEPING
WATCH Oi
THE LEVEE
Eiver at Colusa Is Kising
and Stream Is Only Two
Feet Lower Than During
Floods of Last Winter
BAETLETT SPKINGS
STAGE SWEPT AWAY
Horse Is Drowned, Mail Bags
Are Lost and Driver of
Coach Narrowly Escapes
Death in Turbulent Creek
COLUSA. Dec. 81.—The river at Colu
sa to-night has reached the twenty-six
foot mark, which is only two feet lower
than the highest point reached by the
great floods of last winter. The wing
dam on the south of the recently con
structed Butte Slough weir, which
joins District 70 levee, has washed
out, and there is but little hope of hold
ing the 70 levee. Large trees are now
pouring through the break and the
strain is more than it can possibly
stand. Should this levee go out thou
sands of acres of the richest land in
Sutter County will be covered, and the
damage will reach into the thousands.
A gopher hole In the levee near Co
lusa on the opposite side of the river
was discovered in the nick of time to
prevent what would surely have been
a break.
The Bartlett Springs staff* waa awept
to destruction Thursday Afternoon
while attempting to cross Complection
Creek, in Little Indian Valley, twelve
miles from Bartlett Springs. One of
the stage horses was drowned, the mall
bags were lost and the driver, Oeorge
Christy, narrowly escaped drowning in
the angry storm waters of the creek.
The stage left Williams during the
heavy storm Thursday morning, and
though the trip was a disagreeable one
everything went well until Complection
Creek was reached. The storm had
caused the stream to rise higher than
ever before and It was a perfect tor
rent, rushing madly over the bowlders.
It was a dangerous task to attempt to
drive a stage into the angry stream,
but Uncle Sam's mail had to be deliv
ered. Into the water the horses were
forced, and they had scarcely gone the
length of the stage when they were
thrown from their feet by the rushing
current. Instantly the driver, horses
and all were floundering in the waters.
The stage washed loose from the team,
not, however, before one of the animals
was drowned. The remainder of the
team finally made the shore, but It waa
with great difficulty that the driver,
more dead than alive, finally reached
the bank. The stage was washed more
than 200 yards down stream and
wrecked. The mail bags were never
seen after the stage went over. Another
stage owned by the same company was
almost wrecked trying to cross Bear
Creek on its regular run to Sulphur
Creek, but the driver, seeing that it
would have been folly to have attempt
ed to cross the stream, returned to Wil
liams, j
Reiiort of an Epidemic Denied.
GOLDFIELD. Nev., Dec. 31.—The
reports of an epidemic of diphtheria,
smallpox and black pneumonia said to
be raging- in Goldfleld are without
foundation.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THIRTIETH SEMI-ANNUAL STATEMENT
—OF THE—
MUTUAL SAVINGS BANK
OF SAN FRANCISCO
No. 710 MARKET STREET.
Capital Stock Subscribed 51,000.000
of which haa been paid in Gold
Coin 300,000
Statement of the condition and vain* of tha
Assets and Liabilities of the MUTUAL. SAV
INGS BANK of San Francisco, a corporation
doing business at 710 Market street. City of
San Francisco, State of California, and where
said assets were situated on December SI.
1904.
ASSETS.
Bank premises $882,000 00
Real estate taken for
debt 60.90*00
United States bonds. 016,688 68
Miscellaneous bonds.. 2,870,103 31
Promissory notes se
cured by first moTt- »
gage on real estate
within this State
and Portland, Ore
son, the actual
value of which la.. ' 4,880,688 00
Bonds and shares of
capital stock of
corporations upon
which this corpora<
tion has advanced.. 118,843 00
(All said Promissory
Notes. Bonds and
Stock Certificates
are kept in tha
vaults ot this oor
poration at 710
Market Street, San »
Francisco.)
Furniture and na
tures 2,086 84
Cash in gold, silver
and currency, the
actual value of
which Is:
In vault $113,782 08
In Banks 632,146 81 T45.829 00
Taxes paid in ad
on investments 63,724 71
Total assets $10,198,231 SB
LIABILITIES.
To depositors this corporation owe*
deposits l amounting to and the
actual cash value of which la.. $8,678,007 14
To stockholders the amount of
capital paid in, the actual value
of which Is 800,000 00
Surplus 265.000 00
(The condition of said liability
to Stockholders is that no part
of the amount can be paid to
them, or in any way withdrawn
except In payment of losses
during the existence of the
Corporation nor until Depositors
shall have been paid in full the
amount of their deposits and de
clared dividends.)
Contingent fund, exclusive of ac
crued but uncollected Interest
on Investments 88.T24T1
Total liabilities $10,188,231 83
MUTUAL SAVINGS BANK OF SAN FRAN
CISCO.
By JAMES D. PHELAN, President.
GEO. A. STORY. Secretary.
State of California, City and County of San
Francisco—ss.
We do solemnly swear that we have (and
each of us has) a personal knowledge of the
matter contained in the foregoing report, and
that every allegation, statement, matter and
thing therein contained Is true, to the best of
our knowledge and belief.
JAMES D. PHELAN, President
GEO. A. STORY. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me *h<>
31st day of December, 1904. "
r. d. Mcelroy.
Notary Public tn and for the City and Count*
of San Franclaco. State of California. *