VOLUME XCVIT—NO. 41.
FIGHT FOR TOGA WAXES HOT IN CAPITAL CITY
YESTERDAY was the liveliest day Sacramento has had during the present session of the Legislature. The Senatorial fight assumed pro
portions that made many of the old-time politicians think of days gone by. The headquarters of the aspirants for the toga were thronged
all day with men who have interested themselves in the fight between the north and the south. Rumors of orders from the railroad were
rife, and these naturally tended to excite the interest of those who have votes and those who want them. George Knight claimed the toga
immediately upon the arrival of his law partner, bearing a letter from Senator Perkins, in which the latter assured Knight that he would be
an acceptable colleague. But his claim did not affect the other aspirants. The meeting of the Electoral College was an inter
esting feature of the day.
ml , ___. ... . . . . ' ' '" . . * " . *>'-'* ' * * ' . .' . ;- . ■ . ' ' . t : .-* -' ' ' 1
MAY RIVAL
CHADWICK
SENSATION
Brodie Duke's Wile
Has a Record as
a Promoter.
; Weds the Millionaire After
Interesting Him in
Her Ventures,
• Men of Prominence Are ?2id to Be
. Involved in Woman's Financial
Operations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9.—An explosion
which bids fair to rival the Chadwick
exploit in some respects is promised
fn the ease of Mrs. Alice Webb Duke,
•wife of Brodie L. Duke, the son of
Washington Duke, the tobacco mer
chant. The incarceration of the
bridegroom in a private insane asylum
on Long Island a few days after his
marriage in New York to the Chicago
woman, and the bitter fight now being
made by the bride for his release,
charging fraud and conspiracy, led to
a scandal. This, it is said by those
claiming to know, is only at its be
ginning. It is claimed that men of
prominence in New York, Chicago,
Pittsburg and other cities are in
volved.
. Alice L. Webb, as she is known in
a business way, was and is yet asso
ciate.! with Charles F. Taylor in busi
ness in room 514 of the Continental
Bank building, 218 La Salle street. The
• firm is kn»7\vn as Taylor, Webb
& Co.. the Texas-Cuba Tobacco
Company and the Nacogdoches Tobac
co Company of Nacogdoches, Texas.
Alice L. Webb is president and Taylor
is tht- secretary and treasurer. The
partnership was formed for the pur
pose of ' forming, promoting and as
sisting, financially or otherwise, com
panies, syndicates, partnerships adn
associations of all kinds, commercially
undertaken by contractors, capitalists,
financiers, etc."
Alice L. Webb is said to have first
met Brodia L. Duke in seeking to
Interest him in land deals and to
bacco plantations in Nacogdoches. It
•is said that she and Taylor needed
aVbout $150,000 for the purpose of pro
moting property, and Duke was finally
induced to invest $40,000, but whether
the.money was paid over or not ib
not made clear.
Before the woman had known Duke
long she went to New York, and on
December 21 they were married.
In Chicago Miss Webb lived at 427
Forty-seventh street with her maid.
She was exclusive and passed as the
wealthy divorced wife of E. H. Powell,
a former Pittsburg hotel proprietor.
A story is afloat that she abandoned
her apartments and creditors swooped
down upon the place. It is declared
that the Arm that sold her the fur
nishing for her fiat secured an attach
ment and tradesmen of every class
clamored for payment. This is de
nied, however, by her friends, who as
sert that she had plenty of money.
rWhen she left it wa3 rumored that
she had gone away with her business
partner, but this Taylor denied em
phatically. He declared the firm's
business took them out of town very
often. He said:
"Mrs. Duke is really the daughter of
the late William H. Webb, the wealthy
corporation lawyer of New York.
When her father died ten years ago
he left her $100,000 and she engaged
in business. She did not care for so
ciety and proved to be a very shrewd
"business woman. She told me that
her first husband, Powell, had squan
dered her fortune. Since forming the
partnership I have been associated
with Miss Webb in many business ven
tures. She is still the Junior member
of the firm."
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.—The announce
ment was made to-day that Lawrence
Duke, son of Brodie L. Duke, recently
committed to a sanitarium on the or
der of a magistrate, had taken initial
steps to secure the annulment of his
father's marriage to Miss Alice Webb.
What turn the investigation by District
Attorney Jerome may take is yet uncer
tain, but it was said that there would
certainly be no immediate arrest in the
case, the investigation not having
reached a stage where a criminal pros
ecution involving such action was pos
sible.
John D. Lindsay, attorney for Law
rence Duke, said to-day that he knew
nothing about a statement attributed
to Mrs. Duke that an offer of $300,000
had been made to her on condition that
she consent to the annulment of her
marriage. He said that he was confi
dent that no offer hud been made.
The commitment of USa *;jer Duke<
THE WEATHER. *
Forecaat m&»«M Sao Bfcaaeiaeo for
thirty hours ending midnight, Janu
ary 10:
California north of TehacJiapl—Fair
Tuesday, except showers In southern
portion; light south winds.
San Franciaoo and vicinity—Cloudy
Tuesday; light north wind, changing
to easterly.
A. O. MoADIIS, risiriot Forecaster.
MRS. McKEE
IS GRANTED
A DIVORCE
Pittsburg Millionaire
Loses Case by
Default
Allegations of Gross Indig
. nities Form Ground
ol Complaint.
Wife Gives Sensational Recital of
Incidents Revealing Husband's
Cruelty.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Jan. 9.—Judge
Evans to-day handed down a decree of
divorce to Eliza Sutton McKee from
A. Hart McKee, the Pittsburg million
aire, who lately caused much comment
by traveling to and in Europe with
Mrs. Hugh Tevis of California, McKee
made no defense.
Mrs. McKee was granted a divorce
on the ground of indignities so gross
and frequent that she was forced to
withdraw to the shelter of her father's
home. After reciting the history of
her marriage to the young millionaire,
Mrs. McKee said to-day:
"After our marriage we went abroad,
returning in February. 1893. I suffered
the greatest indifference and neglect
during our trip abroad, and I was very
much neglected while at the Hotel
Metropole, Monte Carlo. This was in
January. 1903. I was very ill at the
time and when I went to that hotel I
had no attendant —no one but Mr. Mc-
Kee with me. I was left there alone
and a servant finally discovered my
condition. A physician found me there
alone in a dangerous condition and he
remained there with me until 12 o'clock
at night, until Mr. McKee could be
found.
"After we returned to this country
Mr. McKee's treatment was unkind. On'
one occasion he said to me that the
house and everything in the house be
longed to him; that I had no right
there, except what he saw fit to give
me. He called me insulting names. He
threatened to make me cringe and that
he would make the place ring with re
ports of me. On one occasion he threw
a loaded revolver across my body. On
another occasion he threatened that
his mother would break my neck.
There were several instances of vio
lence at times when I was ill, two oc
casions being at the births of my two
children.
"During that time Mr. McKee re
moved the doors between his room and
the room occupied by myself and a
trained nurse. He would arrange the
mirrors so that he could watch this
young woman in all her movements
about the room, her patient and the
baby. I requested that the doors be
put back; I begged that they be put
back. He refused to have them put
back.
"On one occasion I went to a bath
room adjoining my own room and
locked the door. Mr. McKee appeared
at the door and demanded that it be
opened. I said that I would open it
when I was through with the room
He then picked up a chair and bat
tered in the door."
R. A. Booth May Be Drawn Into Port
land Inquiry.
PORTLAND, Jan. 9.—lt is stated
that the suspension of Booth and
Bridges of the Roseburg, Land Office
foreshadows an investigation by the
Grand Jury and subsequent indict
ment. It is also said that State Sen
ator R. A. Booth, a brother of the re
ceiver, may be involved in the case.
It is alleged that the Senator had
an arrangement with his brother
whereby the Land Office could be
opened at any time in the night to re
ceive filings when so desired by the
Senator or his friends.
I to a sanitarium and the sensational de-
I velopments growing out of the case
i were investigated to-day by District
Attorney Jerome. The affidavit on
which the commitment was issued was
made public to-day by Justice Wyatt.
It bears the name of Victor G. MltliCh
of this city, but does not give his oc
cupation.
Assistant District Attorney Lord said
that he understood that the manage
ment of the Park Avenue Hotel, where
Mr. and Mrs. Duke had been stopping,
had made the first complaint, which re
sulted in Duke's removal to Bellevue
Hospital.
THE San Francisco CALL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STATE SENATOR IN CASE.
NEW YORK
HAS FEW
RICH MEN
Assessment Shows
but Eight Mil
lionaires.
Special Diepatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.—The tax de
partment to-day began sending out no
tices of assessment, and in a few days
the "swearing off" process will com
mence. P. Frank O'Donnell, president
of the Board of Tax Commissioners,
said to-day that the assessments for
personal property would not vary much
from those of last year.
As an indication of the way the new
assessment runs O'Donnell gave out a
list of those assessed for personal prop
erty to the value of $500,000 or more.
There are twenty names in the list and
the aggregate of the assessments
against them is $21,710,000.
Following is the list: Andrew Came
I gie, $5,000,000; John D. Rockefeller, $2,
--' 500,000; Russell Sage and Frederick W.
j VanderbUt, $2,000,000 each; Alice G.
| Vanderbilt, William K. Vanderbilt.
i Sadie Crane White and Daniel
jG. Read, $1,000,000 each; Emily
iG. Rainey, $750,000; Charles G. Gates.
! Lilllas Grace, Harriet M. Arnold,
George C. Boldt, Hugh J. Chisholni,
! Ellen M. Clark, J. Archibald Murray,
j Joseph Pulitzer, Mary Lewis, Emma
! Wallach and William E. Strong, $500,000
! each.
SECRECY SURROUNDS
SACRAMENTO MARRIAGE
Miss Gertrude Dockweiler Becomes
the Bride of William V.
MacNevin.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9. —William
V. MacNevin and Gertrude Dockwei
ler were married in this city at 2
o'clock last Saturday afternoon by
Justice of the Peace Arthur H. Mc-
Curdy. The ceremony was witnessed
by courthouse attaches. The bride
appeared to be about 19 years old
and the groom 24. They spent Sat
urday night at a downtown hotel and
left Sunday for San Francisco.
The secrecy which seemed to sur
round the marriage gave rise to the
belief about the courthouse that it
was a runaway match.
Alaska Railroad Sold.
SEATTLE. Jan. 9.—The Alaska
Central Railroad,'building from Sew
ard to the Tanana River in Alaska,
has changed hands. Canadian capi
talists, following the advice of ex-
Senator George Turner, who is attor
ney for the road, have purchased the
interest owned by Shedd Bros, of Chi
cago. The Chicago capitalists did not
want to build more than twenty miles
a year. This did not suit the stock
holders, so the sale was perfected.
Oil Fires Spread.
BAKU, Jan. 9.—The oil fires con
tinue to spread and already have In
volved the Baku, European, Caspian
and other companies and have de
stroyed 100 tanks and a number of
dwellings and warehouses. There has
been no settlement of the strike.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1905.
TREASURER
FOR DODGE
IN FLIGHT
Latest Witness to
Escape From .
Jerome.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.—Edward J.
Bracken, whose presence is so greatly
needed by District Attorney Jerome as
a witness in the Dodge-Morse case, is
no longer in this country. On good
authority it was learned to-day that
he is probably at this time somewhere
abroad, having sailed from Halifax.
He returned to New York from Texas,
where he had «cted as treasurer for
Charles F. Dodge, two days before
Dodge was brought here *oy sea. After
a brief conference with a relative he
visited his house in Harlem under the
very eyes of two detectives and im
ada.
Bracken succeeded in reaching his
home here while it was being watched
fey the detectives by taking a round
about route and gaining it from the
rear by climbing several fences. He
ran almost into the arms of the two
detectives and then decided quickly to
get out of town again.
It was through his evidence that
Jerome hoped to learn where the
money came from which was supplied
so liberally to Dodge during all the
months»that his extradition from Texas
was being contested after his indict
ment here for perjury last winter.
Bracken was Dodge's constant com
panion and from some source had
plenty of money to settle Dodge's bills.
CRUSHED TO DEATH BEFORE
HIS WIFE AND CHILDREN
Idaho Engineer Mangled Under the
Wheels of Locomotive Near Hte
Home.
RATHDRUM, Idaho. Jan. 9.—As a
result of an accident here this after
noon Engineer H. Nitengale was
crushed to death under the wheels of
his engine. The accident occurred at
the new grade of the Northern Pacific
in the city limits within a few feet
of Nitengale's home. His wife' and
children witnessed the tragedy and
saw the trainmen pick up the mangled
remains and take them to the com
pany's hospital near by.
DAYTON, Ohio. Jan. 9.~-Jackson
day was celebrated here with "a ban
quet at the Phillips House to-night, at
which 330 plates were turnefl. , The
guest of honor was Judson Harmon
of Cincinnati, who was Attorney-Gen
eral of the United States under the
last Democratic administration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Jackson Day at Dayton.
ELECTORAL, COLLEGE—WOOD IN
FRONT OF CENTER. FROM
RIGHT TO LEFT PIPPY, HAM
MOND. MELROSE. GRANT, DIN
GEE, SMITH. SWEENEY, HAR
RIS, WALKER.
Solons Ready
for Battle of
Ballots.
Special Difpatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9.—ln the,
preliminary canvassing to-night the
conference at Bard headquarters
called together more than twenty
members of the Legislature. It was
the largest demonstration of actual
strength so far made in favor of any
aspirant for United States Senator.
The general judgment of onlookers
inclines to the view that Frank P.
Flint will get more votes on the first
ballot to-morrow than any other can
didate, but there are some predictions
that Bard will take the first place.
All along the line the Southern
Pacific political agents are hammering
Bard and asserting that he has not a
ghost of a chance to win out. The
Knight boomers are very much
elated over the assurances of esteem
and personal friendship which Senatot
Perkins now conveys to Knight. This
is accepted as quite a triumph of
Knight over Fisk.
Assemblyman Held of Mendocino,
who has been rated in some quarters
as a Bard man and in other directions
as an "undercover" Flint man, has
been captured by Knight. A deluge
of telegrams from Ukiah importun
ing Held to stand up for Knight had
the desired effect.
Frank P. Flint's round-up of the
Los Angelas delegation at the French
restaurant this evening was an inter
esting event. The Los Angeles candi
date gave the programme for to
morrow's work to his immediate
supporters in the Legislature.
LUKENS TO BE ABSENT.
Senator Russ Lukens fof Alameda
will not be present when the vote on
Senator Is taken to-morrow. He is
going to San Francisco to see his
father and mother off on a trip
around the world, which they begin
that day. Senator LUkens has openly
expressed himself as believing that the
next Senator should come from the
south and he is rated as a strong ad
mirer of Senator Bard. He is rated
in the present fight as a Bard man.
Continued on Page 2, Column 9.
SUN MOTORS
TO IRRIGATE
ARID LAIS
Southern Pacific to
Give Machines
a Trial.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Jan. 9.—A company has
been formed here of Boston, New York
and London capitalists for the manu
facture and installation qf solar motors
for pumping and irrigation purposes in
the arid sections of Nevada, California,
Arizona, Utah and other States. A
plant will be established at Joliet, 111.,
to turn out the machines, which have
been perfected and tried successfully at
Willcox, Mesa and Tempe, Ariz; Pasa
dena, Cal., and Denver, Colo.
Among those interested are a group
of New Yorkers headed by Clarence
Sackett, a trustee of several larjge es
tates. George Cawston of England, a
director in the South African Company
and a multi-millionaire, is also inter
ested and is forming a company to op
erate in Egypt, South Africa, India and
Australia.
It is understood that the Southern
Pacific will order a number of the mo
tors for us at its desert stations, and
one is already being constructed for its
Willcox station.
NEW YOSEMITE BILL.
Provides for Transfer of Lands to
SieiTa Reserves,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9. —Represen-
tative Gillett to-day introduced a bill
providing for the transfer of several
townships in the Yosemite National
Park to the Sierra forest reserve. A
bill to this effect passed both Houses
a short time ago, but since then the
report of the commission appointed to
investigate conditions in the park with
a view to such change has been filed.
It is found that the commission recom
mends a much larger transfer than
was provided in the bill. It was ac
cordingly not signed by the President
and this new bill was prepared.
Hangs Himself in Shed.
SANTA ANA, Jan. 9.—L. D. Beard,
aged 36, a. well known resident of
Orange, committed suicide this even
ing by hanging himself in a wood
shed. Despondency is given as the
cause of the deed.
To End Baku Strike.
NIZHNI, Novgorosv, Russia, Jan. 9.
The members of the local Stock Ex
change have petitioned the Minister
of Finance to appoint a Government
commission with the view of ending
the strike at the Baku oil fields.
TUB THEATERS.
ALCAZAR —"Lost River." .
CALIFORNIA—BIack Pattl Trouba
dours.
COLUMBlA—"Salammbo."
CENTRAL—Minstrels.
CHI-TTES—Vaudeville.
FISCHER" B—Vaudeville.
GRAND—"The Darting of the Gods."
Matinee—"Hedda Gabler."
LYCEUM—Vaudeville.
LYRIC HALL—Burton Holmes Leo
ture.
MAJESTIC—"MIzpab."
ORPHEUM—Vaudeville.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FLORODORA
GIRL IS ILL
IN PRISON
"Nan" Patterson Af
flicted With Ton
silitis.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.—"Nan" Patter
son, who is awaiting a second trial on
a charge of killing Caesar Young, is ill
with tonsilitis in the Tombs Prison.
Her condition is regarded as serious.
Since the last jury in her trial re
ported a disagreement more than two
weeks ago Miss Patterson has been in
receipt of a large number of letters
every day. In her mail to-day there
was a registered letter fromva man in
Portland. Or., inclosing $25, with the
request that she use the money to pur
chase for herself a new year token.
The letter said Miss Patterson had
many sympathizers in the West, who
believed in her innocence, and con
cluded:
"If you need any more money send
the word."
Miss Patterson gave the $25 to her
father, saying:
"Take this and buy mamma a pres
ent and tell her I am sorry I am not
at home with her."
HIS DEATH
WILL COST
$3,200,000
Big Life Insurance
Risk on Rodman
Wanamaker.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.—Rodman
Wanamaker of Philadelphia has just
placed $1,200,000 extra insurance on
his life. He was previously insured
for $2,000,000, so his death will cost
the insurance company at least $3,
--200,000. He expects to live long
enough to see all his policies mature.
Rodman Wanamaker now carries
more life insurance than any other
man in America.
Others on whom insurance com
panies have taken enormous risks are:
John Wanamaker, $1,500,000; Helen
Clould, Mrs. Leland Stanford, C. K.
Devlin, Topeka, Kans.; John M. Mack,
Philadelphia; Thomas W. Lawson,
Boston; H. M. Atkinson. Atlanta; F. T.
Howard, New Orleans; H. H. Kohl
saat. Chicago; W. K. Blxby, St Louis,
$1,000,000 each.
Special Dispatch to The Call.2
SENATORIAL EIGHT
LIFTS LOAD
FROM MIND
OF KNIGHT
Perkins Lays Ghost
That Has Haunt
ed the Orator.
Lawyer Receives a
Letter From Sen
ior Senator.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9.—There is
exultation in the camp of George A.
Knight. Knight and his supporters
feel that they have laid a ghost that
has been stalking about frightening
away men they said would be first
and last for the United States com
mitteeman but for the presence of
this specter. This ghost was in the
shape of the rumored opposition of
Senator Perkins to Knight's aspira
tions and this morning Knight deter
mined to still the rumors or verify
them beyond a question, sent the fol
lowing telegram to Senator Perkins:
"It is openly said here that some of
your friends are opposing my election
to the Senate because you are interest
ed in my defeat. Will you state wheth
er my candidacy Is antagonistic to your
Interests, and whether you are opposed
to my election? answer at my
expense."
Now, here comes the unlooked for co
incidence. Up to dark Knight had re
ceived no response to his telegram, but
the 8:30 train brought Charles J. Heg
gerty, who carried several letters to
his law partner. Among them was one
from Senator Perkins bearing date of
January 3, which had been addressed
to Knight's office in San Francisco.
This letter immediately brought the
smiles to Knight's face, but It was only
after consultation with his supporters
that he decided to make the most inter
esting portion of it public.
"I would not make this public," said
Knight, "except that some of those that
ar> opposing me are stating that my
election would displease Senator Per
kins, and they are trying to make po
litical capital out of this assertion, and
undoubtedly it has had considerable
effect upon many of his friends. This
letter, however, lays at rest all of these
assert inns, the portion directly refer
ring to this point being as follows:
"I hear from our mutual friends in
California that your Senatorial chances
are very bright. I am sure there is
none more interested in your success
and good fortune than myself. In
this connection it may not be improper
for me to state that I have received
numerous telegrams and letters from
friends of other candidates for the
Senatorship who wish me to made
declaration in their favor, but have
stated that you were my personal
friend and that you had not asked
me to declare in your favor, but sim
ply to state that you would be an ac
ceptable colleague.
"Your action In this respect has been
most generous in relieving me from
embarrassment with my present col
league, as you know my feeling—of
friendship toward your good self. With
best wishes for your success, etc."
While there is no direct assertion on
the part of Senator Perkins in the let
ter that he would lend his influence to
assist in the election of Knight the
last-named points to the fact that Sen
ator Perkins frankly states that he has
refused his support to those that are
opposing Knight. This is a sufficient
guarantee to Knight that his election
would be pleasing to Senator Perkins
and that Perkins may be counted
among his friends. In consequence,
this letter is the basis of renewed activ
ity in Knight's stronghold.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinins Tablets. All
druggist* refund the money if it falls to cure
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box. 25c.•
President Sanctions Two Bills.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.—The Pres
ident to-day sent a message to the
Senate urging the passage of two bills
providing for the reorganization of
the medical and ordnance corps of the
army. The bills already had passed
the House.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching, Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Your druggist will refund money ifPAZOOINT
MENT fails to cure you in ti tn 14 days. 50c.•
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.—The follow
ing Californians arrived in Washington
to-day:
At the New Willard—Eugene S. Wat
son, Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Meyerstein and
A. V. Meyerstein of San Francisco.
—— aa
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A marvelous Piano; ex
alted by the leaders of
I the music world, praised
/ by the lover of music in
// the home, j* j* Jt
\ We are agents for the
' i Chickering.
Be4CURTAZ«on
l6,o'FarrellSt,S.E
San Jose - uiamedo-rVesoo
CAMPAIGN ENLIVENED BY ARRIVAL
OF FLINT "BOOSTERS."
MEN FROM SOUTH PAY NOISY TRIBUTE
TO THEIR CANDIDATE.
Continued from Page 1, Column 5.
Flint noise is in the air here to-night.
The Los Angeles man Is the only Sen
atorial candidate who is bringing
"shouting and tumult" into his cam
paign and whether it Is making him
any votes or not it is certainly giving
his fight a spectacular aspect. More
than half a score more of enthusiastic
Flint "boosters" reached Sacramento
to-day from the south. Among them
were William P. Jeffries, engraver and
printer; John Summerfield, Deputy
Coroner; Claude Parker, Deputy Coun
ty Auditor; J. L. Flanagan, capitalist;
W. C. Patterson, president of the Los
Angeles National Bank; Dr- G. W.
Campbell; Cal Hart well, County Re
corder; Mark Jones, County Treasurer;
Judge William P. James and Motley H.
Flint, postmaster, all of Los Angeles,
and Major James Campbell, City
Treasurer of Pasadena, and J. W.
Walker, an orange grower of Orange
County.
VISIT FLINT'S RIVALS.
After demonstrations In the hotel
corridors the new Los Angeles arrivals
and those "boosters" already on the
ground and who had joined them, voted
to visit the headquarters of all the
opposing candidates. Led by Jeffries
and Leo Youngworth they first stormed
the rooms of George A. Knight and
gave three cheers for him. Each was
introduced in turn to Knight and he
made a speech, thanking them for the
call. They departed with Candidate
Knight's happiest smile glowing full
upon them.
Into Henry Oxnard's headquarters
was sent a card bearing the inscription.
"Oscar Lawler and the Los! Angeles
bunch." Oxnard shook hands down the
line, and after listening to cheers for
himself said:
"I thank you for your expressions of
friendship and wish to say that, wheth
er I am elected or not, I think the place
should go to a southern man."
Arthur Fisk listened appreciatively
to the cheers when the crowd reached
his headquarters, and met the attack
by saying he intended to be the next
T'nited States Senator.
At Senator Bard's headquarters the
Flint people fell In with old friends,
with only political differences to divide
them, and a* exchange of banter fol
lowed the cheers. Frank Brandon on
behalf of Bard expressed thanks for
the call.
Flint sat down to dinner In a private
apartment at a local rotisserie to-night
with his supporters in the : outhern
delegation and several of the boosters.
There was a caucus over the viands,
and it was decided what course the
delegation should pursue to-morrow. It
is understood that plenty of noise from
the "boosters" chorus whenever any
thing drops Flint's way will be part of
the programme.
ELECTORAL COLLEGE
CASTS CALIFORNIA'S
VOTE FOR PRESIDENT
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9.—With most
impressive ceremonies, witnessed by
hundreds of visitors who thronged the
Assembly chamber of the Capitol, the
formalities attending the casting of j
California's ten electoral votes for |
President and Vice President of the i
United States were carried out this j
afternoon. Although the change of I
years has destroyed the necessity for ,
the electoral college and while It was
known ever since the Bth of November
last that California's electoral votes
were to be cast for Roosevelt and Fair
banks, this fact did not rob the pro
ceedings of any of their interest. The
spectacle was arranged with the great
est regard to details and the event was
one not soon to be forgotten.
The programme was opened at 2
o'clock with a medley of national airs
by a stringed orchestra. As the strains
were continued the Presidential electors
were escorted to their seats on the
Speaker's platform by Governor Par
dee, Lieutenant Governor Alden An
derson, Secretary of State Curry, Pres
ident Pro Tempore Wolfe of the Sen
ate, Speaker Prescott or the Assembly,
Chairman Stone and Secretary Wood
ward of the Republican State Commit
tee.
Brief Introductory remarks were
made by General George Stone. With
due solemnity Secretary of State Curry
presented the Governor's certificate for
electors of President and Vice Presi
dent of the United States. The ad
ministration of the oath of office to
electors was carried out by Judge E.
C. Hart of the Sacramento Superior
Court. The electors are William S.
Wood, U- S. Grant Jr., Edward Swee
ney, C. M. Hammond, Francis M.
Smith, William J. Dingee. George H.
Pippy, Morris B. Harris, C. J. Walker
and Richard Melrose.
U. S. Grant Jr. then nominated Wil
liam S. Wood chairman of the college.
In taking his office Wood delivered the
following address:
"The mode of electing the President
long baffled the convention and was
one of the most perplexing and momen
tous questions with which the body had
to deal. Finally, by one of the cele
brated compromises of the constitution,
it was voted that the selection of the
President should be confided to electors
in each State, appointed as the Legis
lature might direct, and to equal in
number the representation of the State
ln Congress.
"The original design and purpose of
the office of Presidential elector con
templated a body of men chosen be
cause it was expected that they would
be the best men in their respective
States, who, in their unfettered discre
tion, would choose the fittest man for
President in all the country. They
would be wholly Independent and un
pledged; and yet, by usage alone, the
electors have lost all their indepen
dence of action and have become mere
cogs in the machinery by which a Pres
ident is elected.
"This loss of the active exercise of the
powers of the electors has been accom
plished without depriving ahem of any
of their legal powers. Any electors
could vote for any native-born citizen
of the United States of the age of 35
years and his vote would be counted.
The electors are under no legal obliga
tion to vote for Roosevelt and Fair
banks, but are bound to so vote by the
unwritten law, which by' long use has
become of equal force and dignity with
constitutional and statutory provisions.
"It has been proposed to abolish or
change the system of the electoral col
lege and proceed to the election of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1905.
TAXES THE ENERGIES OF THE SUPPORTERS OF THE MEN WILLING TO ACCtPl Irit
HONOR OF REPRESENTING THE GOLDEN STATE AT THE CAPITAL OF THE NATION
The advent of Ruef, with renewed
instructions from the Southern Pacific
office that the Republicans of the Leg
islature must take either Knight or
Flint causes Indignation in the ranks
of the stalwarts. If Ruef programmes
Flint, George Knight will roar as no
statesman ever before roared. The in
dications to-night seem favorable to
Flint's selection by Ruef, although
nothing will be definitely settled until
the development of strength by each
of the aspirants is made.
NOT FOR SHORTRIDGE.
Samuel M. Shortridge arrived here
to-day and the gossips soon had it that
he was a horse of the darkest hue and
that he had arrived at the brightest
hour to shape his career. But Short
ridge would not have it that he is here
as a dark horse and said that he had
come on only- as a spectator.
"I am here to see a Republican elect
ed to the United States Senate," said
Shortridge, "and to get pleasure from
the contemplation that in a measure I
aided in securing the splendid Republi
can victory that so utterly eliminates
any Democrat, no matter how great
he be, from the contest. I have long
been of record as saying that the Sen
ator this time should come from South
ern California and my measure of influ
ence will be bent to this purpose. But
any statement that I have Joined in the
open espousal or caucus of any of the
candidates is not true. I am Just here
to watch, not to fight."
William H. Brown, formerly of El
Dorado County, also came to town to
day. He is one of the old-timers in
politics. He was in Stanford's fight
and voted for General Miller for United
States Senator when Perkinß was Gov
ernor. At one time he was a member
of the State Harbor Commission. He
hopes to see Knight elected Senator.
John T. Dare, United States Ap
praiser, is also here. He says he Is
not in the fight, but that if: he had it
to decide Knight would be the Senator.
Henry Ach is another of the San
Francisco politicians who reached
here to-night.
The news that F. S. Stratton has
1 fteh reappointed to the Collectorship
Of Port'of San Francisco is taken here
as favorable to the candidacy of Sen
ator Bard. Stratton's influence, it is
thought, will be turned in Bard's dl
rectlon in return for Senator Bard's
good offices in relation to securing for
Stratton the office he will continue to
hold for. the four years.
The Presidential Electors who re
mained in Sacramento to-night dined
with Governor Pardee at the latter's
residence. U. S. Grant left the Capitol
tor San Diego at 5:55 o'clock.
Major Charles Hardy of San Diejro
Is here in the interest of Frank P.
Flint's candidacy and ex-State Senator
E. C. Seymour of San Bernardino is
here advocating the re-election of Sen
ator Bard.
President in other ways, such as a di
rect vote of the whole people, a propor
tional vote, and a vote for electors m
Congressional districts, but to each of
these serious objections have been
raised and the present system will be
continued until, as in the convention,
some happy compromise is suggested.
"And now, when the votes to which
the State of California is entitled are
about to be cast, the electors may con
gratulate themselves that they have
the distinguished privilege of being one
of the bodies whose immediate votes in
thirty-two States of the Union, will
name for President and Vice President
of the United States two. eminent men,
distinguished in ability and statesman
ship, of conceded courage and integrity,
of tried and proved characters, and in
every way fully equipped for the high
Stations to which they will be elected
and further, that in each case they are
acting in consonance with the expecta
tion at the time their office was created
WT casting the votes of California for
the fittest man in all the country.
"And finally, the electors of the State
of California may at this time consider
with great satisfaction that as citizens
or this great commonwealth, proud of
h e K Vem w n 18 and hap Py ln
pects, they have been called to repre
sent a people from whom once more
has come in no uncertain voice, the
finum* ° n u " falte rine loyalty and con!
tinuing allegiance to those great prin
r£L e H POll ° ies of government advo
' ed an t d maintained by the Republi
can party, upon which, as upon an
ever-enduring foundation, rest the lib"
erty and prosperity of the people the
votes were then cast, and Roosevelt
and Fairbanks were declared the
choice cf the college.
The Electors then signed the three
° er i i^ lteß tf* l "* the "st of vote,
and Charles J. Walker was appointed
to deposit the certificate in the nost
olfice. Edward Sweeney was appoint
ed to deliver the package of votes ad
dressed to the President of the United
States to Judge de Haven of the United
States District Court. unuea
Colonel George H. Pippy was select
ed to carry the votes of the Electoral
College to Congress. The honor was
formally bestowed upon him by Chair
man Wood. His appointment was de
termined on after a contest in caucus
held Just before the exercises were
commenced.
Governor Pardee, appreciative of the
dignity of the office that was beins
performed in the Assembly chamber
made this dignity the keynote of his
address.
There Is too little cerenjony in the
induction into the great offices at the
head of this Government, he said, and
It was with pleasure that he noted that
the people, mindful of the height to
which man reached when he was se
lected as the President of all Ameri
cans, had gathered in such force to
witness the formality of casting the
electoral ballot for Roosevel. and Fair
banks.
Toward the close of the ceremonies
Colonel Pippy Introduced a resolution
commendatory of the loyal and effic
ient work done by the State Central
Committee during the last campaign
and particularly that of General George
Stone, its chairman, and E. F. Wood
ward, secretary. That the resolution
met with popular approval was man
ifested by the outburst of applause it
received.
PRESCOTT'S
APPOINTEES
MADE PUBLIC
Few Surprised by
Speakers Com
mittee List.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9.—Speaker
Prescott fooled a number of doubting
Assemblymen this morning by an
nouncing the committees for the House.
There were few surprises for those on
the inside, but some of the members
were disappointed at what was handed
out to them. There was little open ex
pression of dissatisfaction.
The Assembly also reached the intro
duction of bills. Under a new method
—drawing names of the members to be
recognized from a hat—this work was
expedited and a flood of measures
swamped the unfortunate clerks behind
the desk, who are among the few who
have to work for their . diem.
Houser introduced the bill providing
'for three additional Superior Judges
for Los Angeles County, and, retaining
the floor, said:
"I ask, Mr. Speaker, that as the ap
pointing of these Judges is a matter of
urgency, and as the Los Angeles joint
delegation has caucused and agreed on
its passage, it be placed at once on the
second reading file that it may be
passed as early as possible."
"I would ask," said Anthony of Can
Francisco, "whether this bill carries an
appropriation with it?"
"The salaries of the new Judges will
have to be paid in part by the State, '
replied Speaker Prescott. "and an ap
propriation will be necessary to meet
its share."
"1 think' the action requested v.ould
be premature," said McGowan from
the San Francisco side. "Others here
have similar bills to Introduce and they
can't all be granted this favor."
"Do I understand there is an objec
tion, Mr. McGowan?" asked the
Speaker.
"I think we shall object," was Mc-
Gowan's reply.
"The bill will take its regular course,
Mr. Houser," said the Speaker. "It
looks as if Los Angeles and San Fran
cisco would better caucus on the mat
ter."
And that Is what they will have to
do, for the San Franciscans want the
salaries of .superior Judges in their
city raised to $6000 a year.
Among the- bills introduced was one
by Jones of Tuolumne, asking an ap
propriation of $300,000 for a hotel in the
Yosemite Valley.
Estudillo of Riverside introduced a
measure calling for a Joint investiga
tion of the water resources of the
State. This is of especial importance
to the people of Southern California
and Los Angeles, which city, it is said,
is already facing a serious problem in
the obtaining of an adequate water
supply and in making provision for
future growth.
San * rancisco got two places on the
Ways and Means Committee—one more
than it has ever had before.
McCartney, who doesn't seem to
have much of A romantic spirit, put
in a bill that *iIL prevent eluoenrfnts
if it becomes a law. It provides that
a marriage license,can be obtained
only after a notice of five days and
that the marriage, must take place In
the county where the bride resides.
Both parties must appear when the
license is granted.
McCartney presented a basketful of
bills, many of them relating to di
vorce. Ore provides that an attorney
shall be appointed for defendants In
divorce suits who are not represented.
He also introduced a bill establishing
Saturday from r.oon as a half holiday.
Mindham of San Francisco County
introduced a bill to cause the payment
of 135,135 to Patrick Creighton for
money allesed to be due him by San
Francisco for street work done in
1869, 1870 and 1872.
A department of music at Berkeley
is asked for in a bill presented by
Pfaeffif of San Francisco. It calls for
a professorship at $3000 a year and an
appropriation of $6000.
The Assembly broke the record to
day in the introduction of bills. Dur
ing the morning session 164 were in
troduced, read and referred in fifty
five minute. Chief Clerk. Clio Lovd
was highiy complimented by Assem
blymen on the way he carried on his
work. Including the afternoon ses
sion. 177 bills were introduced and not
a thing will be left over for to-mor
row.
PRESCOTT'S SELECTIONS.
Speaker Gives Out List of Commit
tees.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 9.—Following
are the committees and the members
thereof appointed by Speaker Pres
cott:
Agriculture-Messrs. Strobrldge (chairman),
Johnson. Lynch, Perkins, Branstetter, Arnerich
and Lumley.
Attaches and Employes*—Bliss (chairman)
Bates, Transue. Lucey and Vogel. , "" rm * n > 1
Banks and Banking—Perkins (chairman)
Bate*. Barnes. Bliss and Johnstone.
Building and Loan Associations—Transue
(chairman), Waste. Chandler. Devlin, Cnahlan
Rolley and Jury.
Claims —Severance (chairman), Dorsey An
thony, M'tcheltree, Jarvls. Mindham' and
Slaven.
Commerce and Navigation—Hartman (chair
man), Barnes, Beckett, Branstetter, Cuilen
Jones of San Francisco, McGowan, Pfaeffie and
Wickersham.
Commissions and Public Expenditures— Vogel
(chairman). Amcrlge, Drew, Strohi, Atkinson
Tread well and Jury.^
Constitutional Amendments—Houser (chair
man), Estudlllo, Burke. King, Held, Beardslee
and McCartney.
Contested Elections—John (chairman). Sev
erance, Meinke, Walsh, Stanton, Pryor and
Jones of Tuolumne.
Contingent Expenses and Accounts—Crom
well (chairman), Anthony, Barnes, Burge and
Duryea.
Corporations—Walsh (chairman), McCartney,
Busick, Jones of San Francisco, Manwell, An
thony, Houser, Pfaeffie and Jones of Tuol
umne.
Counties and County Boundaries—Pyle
(chairman). Cleveland, Transue, Rolley and
Hawkins.
County and Township Government—Burke
(chairman), Houser, Burge, Johnson, Busick
Gans. Jarvis, McCartney. McKenney, Duryea,
Gates, Tripp and Lumley.
Dairies and Dairy Products—Cooper (chair
man), Branstetter. Judy, John. Olmsted, Bliss,
Moore, Held and Pryor.
Election Laws—Rilley (chairman), Devlin
Held, Waste, Anthony, Coghlan and Pryor.
Education—Slaven (chairman), Manwell,
Devlin, Cre.ighton, Estudlllo, Strobridge'
Thompson, Wlckersham and Jonea of Tuol
umne. ,
Engrossment and Enrollment—Devlin (chair
man), Johnstone. Hartman, Mindham, Crelgh
ton, Lucey and Hawkins.
Fruit and Vine Interests—Cleveland (chair
man). Strobridge, Tripp, Arnerlch, Chandler
Cromwell and Hawkins.
Fish and Game—O'Brien (chairman), wlck
ersham. Johnson, Branstetter, Atkinson, Drew,
EUs, McNamara. Strohl, Boyle and Creighton!
Federal Relations—Amerlge (chairman),
Johnson, Coghlan. Treadwell and Whiting,
Governor* a Message—Pfaeffle (chairman),
McKenney, McNamara, Mindham and Per
kins.
Immigration—Cullen (chairman), Melnke,
Johnstone, John, Coyle. Tripp, Lucey, whit
ing and Burge.
Insurance and Insurance Laws—Bates (chair
man), o',Brlen. Jarvis, Stanton. Walsh, At
kinson and McNamara.
Irrigation—Estudlllo (chairman). Johnson
Amerlge, Burge, Chandler, Weyand.
bridge, Treadwell, Lumley.
Judiciary—Duryea. (chairman), Houser,
Beardslee, Walsh, McCartney. Doraey, Waste,
King, Treadwell, Burke, Gans. Busick, Cleve
land, Espey. Crelghton, Manwell. Thompson,
McGowan, O'Brien, Weyand, Pryor.
POCKETS OF SOLONS BULGE WITH
ALL KINDS OF BILLS.
SAN FRANCISCO SUPERVISORS
INTERESTED IN TWO MEASURES
WOLFE WANTS A TWELVE-HOUR DAY
FOR FIREMEN OF THIS CITY.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9. —Senator
Charles M. Shortridge, who says he
will oppose all new legislation, hold
ing that the people are destroying
their liberties by creating a surplus of
petty restrictions, received a shock
this morning when President Ander
son called for bills. For an hour
proposed bills and amendments
poured over the desk in a steady
stream, and there were bulging poc«
kets still when the hour for adjourn
ment came. It is possible that all day
to-morrow will be occupied in calling
the roll and announcing the titles of
measures prepared.
Prior to the introduction of bills,
however, an important joint resolu
tion, having the indorsement and sup
port of the California Viticultural
Club, was presented by Senator Wood
ward of Santa Rosa. This resolution
has in view the defeat of the recom
mendation of Internal Revenue Com
missioner Yerkes that a tax be Im
posed upon grape brandies used in the
fortification of sweet wines. It is as
follows:
TAX ON GRAPE BRANDY.
Whereat, Commissioner Yerkes of the In
ternal Kevenue Service of the United States,
In his annual report to the Congress of ttye
I'nlted States, recommends the levying of a
minininin tax upon the grape brandy now used
in the foititication of sweet wines manufac
tured within the United States, amounting to
twenty-five csnts per proof gallon, and
Wh-treas. undeniable proof has been pre
sented to this body that suCh tax is exorbitant,
unjust and that in effect it would absolutely
destroy that part of the viticultural Interests
of this State, and
Whereas. California is the largest grape
growing State In the Union and th~ largest
producer of sweet wines manufactured withtu
the Inited States, and
Whereas., the viticultural Interests, .• both
growers and manufacturers, in all parts of the
State have unanimously protested against any
meas'tre being enacted into law by the Nation
al Contftaa providing for such tax,
Therefore lie it resolved, that the Senate
of the State of California, tare Assembly coil
curring. hereby directs the Senators of the
State or California and hereby requests UV
Representatives of the State of California m
the National Congress at Washington, to ener
getically and unalterably oppose the enactment
into law ofvsuch an act, 01 of any act having
any such tendency.
Be it "ros«.lv*d. That the Secretary of the
Senate is hereby directed to telegraph the sub
stance <:i thcie res.Unions to each Senator and
Representative of the State of California in
Washington, and
Be tt further resolved, That the Secretary
of State is hereby directed to send ty mail
tortkWith, certified copies of this resolution to
«-ach of our Senators and Representatives in
Washington.
The resolution was referred to the
Committee on Fruit and Vine Inter
ests, with instructions that it report
tOA'naorrow at which time the resolu
tion will be made the special order.
DEPOSITORIES WANTED.
The Senate was also memorialized ]
by the Board of Supervisors of San i
Francisco tlds morning. The board, j
in its memorial, requests the L'igisla- j
ture to take action on two important |
matters directly affecting the funds in
the municipal treasury. The more
important of the two relates to the
establishment of depositories for pub
lic funds, it being the desire of the
bo;:rd that the present law be
amended, or, in other words, that f a
constitutional amendment be provided
for, by which the municipal govern
ment shall have the right to deposit
its moneys with certain institutions at
interest, the moneys so deposited to
be secured by United States, State,
municipal or school bonds of greater
value than the moneys so deposited.
This measure has the support of not
only the San Francisco delegation,
but of the delegations of all of the
large cities of the State.
The second petition of the San
Francisco board provides for the ex
tension of time in which claims may
be filed for the refunding of taxes il
legally collected. The present law
frequently works a hardship, the dis
covery of Illegal collections often not
being made until near the time
for the filing of claims for refunding
the same has expired.
The recent request of Police Com-,
missloner Hutton of San Francisco that
his associates on the board join with
him. in a request to the City Attorney
for an opinion as to whether the board
had the power to dismiss police officers
without trial will result in the presen
tation to-morrow by Senator Wolfe of
a bill to forestall any such action on
the part of the city official. Hutton
claims that the section of the charter
guaranteeing every police officer the
right of trial is in conflict with section
16 article 20 of the State constitution,
which provides that the tenure of
every office not fixed by law is at the
pleasure of the appointing power.
Wolfe will Introduce a bill providing
for the exclusion from the effect of
this provision of the constitution of
every police officer, teacher, etc., whose
term is not fixed by law, employed by
any municipality that is governed by
a legally adopted charter.
. SHORT HOURS FOR FIREMEN.
Wolfe will ajso present a bill limiting
the hours of the members of the Fire
Department of San Francisco to
twelve hours a day. Wolfe points out
that under the present system, where
the men are on duty day and night,
they are practically prisoners, ire
denied the right to live with, or the
time to even associate with, their fam
ilies. He also points to the good re
sults of the bill limiting the hours of
Labor and Capital—Mindham (chairman),
Whttlne. Cullen, Johnstone, Pyle. Manwell,.
Lynch, Amerlge, Thompson.
Levees and River Improvements—Olmsted
(chairman), WeyandV Busick, Moore, Ells,
Vogel, Jones of Ban Francisco.
Manufactures and Internal Improvements—
EUs (chairman), Strohl. Beckett, Boyle, Hart
man, McNamara, Lumley.
Mileage — Beckett (chairman), Doraey,
Slavcn. Tripp, Crelghton.
Military Affairs—Gans (chairman), Anthony,
Drew. Weyand, Cooper. Coyle. Hawkins.
Mines and Mining Interests— Whiting
(chairman), Crelghton, Burge. Duryea. Ells,
Coyle, McKenney. Dorsey, Jones of Tuolumne.
Municipal Corporatkms—Beardslee (chair
man), Transue. Cromwell, Thompson, Hart
tnan. Burke, Espay.
Oil Industry and Oil Mining Interests—Dor
sey (chairman). Chandler, Pyle. Ells, John,
Cleveland, Houser Atkinson, Perkins.
Public Buildings and Grounds —Barnes
(chairman), Dorsey, Roljey, Americh. Brans
tetter. Cooper, Vogel, Slaven. McNamara,
Cvllen, Lucey.
Public Charities an* . Corrections —Coghlan
(chairman). Bates, Transue, Tripp, Strohl,
Boyle. Mitcheltree.
Public Health and Quarantine —Gates (chair
man). Cullen,. Espey. Melnke. Pyle, Moore,
Olmsted.
Public Lands and Forestry—Mitcheltree
(chairmaai), Cooper,. Estudlllo. Gans, Jury,
Cleveland, Jones of Tuolumne.
Public Moral*—Luoey (chairman). Walsh,
Moore, Americh, Burke, Wlckersham, Cooper,
O'Brien, Jones of Tuolumne.
Public Printing—Jury (chairman). Boyle.
Whiting. Olmsted. Severance. Gates Pyle.
Public Works. State Capitol and Parks—
Johnson (chairman) Moore, O'Brien, Strohl,
Beckett, Bates, Jarvis
the police force of San Francisco to
eight hours a day and says that in
view of the fact that the policemen
were granted this great concession
he Is sure the people of San Fran
cisco will not object to giving the men
that risk their lives to save the lives
and property of others the privilege of
living as white men should.
Amons the most important bills In
troduced to-day was one by Senator
Wolfe providing for the appropriation
of $150,000 to be placed at the disposal
of the trustees of the State Normal
School at San Francisco for the pur
chase of a site and the construction
and furnishing of a building. The bill
provides that not more than $50,000 of
the sum shall be used for the purchase
of a site and $10,000 for the furnishings,
the balance to be used in the construc
tion of a building.
Senator Markey introduced a bill
that if carried means much to San
Francisco. It provides for the appro
priation of $100,000 for the purchase of
a fire boat to be stationed at San
Francisco, the the same
to be \mder the supervision of a "com
mission of four members ij to serve
without pay. Upon the completion of
the boat, if the measure, is carried, it
will be turned over to the. Fire Com
mission of San Francisco and will be
under the direct control of the Chief
Engineer of the metropolis.
Senator Keane introduced a bill that
will probably receive the indorsement
of the United States army. Its terms
prohibit the selling or giving away of
liquors, within a radius of 1000 feet of
any military reservation in the State,
provides for the condemning of saloons
within such radius as public nuisances
and makes it a misdemeanor to violate
the' provisions of the bill. ' (
Senator Nelson also introduced a
bill that will prove of interest to the
police department of San Francisco. It
provides for the purchase of a police
patrol boat at a sum not to exceed
§10,000. Nelson says he is going to
center much energy in an effort to car
ry this bill as San Francisco is .the
only important seacoast city in the
United States that has not at least
one police boat.
Following the casting of the ballot
for Roosevelt and Fairbanks by the
electorial college, the Senate recon
vened and upon motion of Senator
Leavitt immediately took up the ques
tion of per diem and mileage of the
electors. A bill providing for the ap
propriation of $558 21 to cover these
points was immediately passed and
transmitted to the Assembly, where it
also nassed, and the electors-.were giv
er- «heir money with but little delay.
..e following bills were "also Intro
duced in the Senate:
Bar t.cavitt—Making an appropriation to pay
the expenses of the Presidential electors.
By Bauer—Amending the Penal Code
adding a new section relating to the payment
of fees to attorneys assigned by courts to de
fend persons unable from lack of means to
procure proper counsel.
By Broughton—Amending the Penal Code re
luting to search warrants.
By Belshaw—Relating to liens of mechanics
and others upon real property.
By Markey—Providing for the contsructlon
and maintenance of a flreboat at a jcost of
$100,000 for the San Francisco water front.
By Curtin—Appropriating $300,000 for the
construction of a hotel In Yosemite Valley-
By Dlggs—Providing for the appointment of
a California cereal Improvement commission.
By Keane—Prohibiting the selling or giving
away of Intoxicating liquor within 1000 feet
outside of any entrance to any United States
military reservation or camp.
By.Wolfe—Providing for the purchase of a
site and for the erection and equipment of a
State Normal school in San Francisco at a coat
of $150,000.
By Simpson—Relating to the Are depart
ments of the cities of the fifth class.
By Leavitt—Regulating and giving the us*
of proxies to vote corporate stock.
By Pendleton —Increasing the number of
Judges of the Superior Court of Los Angeles
County from six to nine.
By Savage —Permitting all ex-Union soldiers
and sailors holding honorable discharges to be
allowed free peddlers' licenses.
By Muenter —Providing tor the teaching of
the elements of agriculture in the public
schools.
By Nelson —Appropriating $10,000 for a po
lice patrol boat on the San Francisco water
front. .
By Mattoe —Amending the edde in relation
to the estates of deceased persons.
By Wright—Appropriating $2300 for repairs
and improvements to the Woman's Relief
Corps Home at Evergreen. Santa Clara County.
By Carter—Appropriating $200,000 'for a
State historical building at Los Angelea.
By Sanfcrd —Providing for an income tax
which provides for the collection of an ad
ditional $1,000,000.
By Ralston— Prohibiting professional prlae
fights.
By Ward—Appropriating $10,000 for the im
provement of the campus of the State Normal
School. '
By Wolfe—Providing for the joint investi
gation with the Federal Government of the
water resources of the State.
By Wright—Appropriating $12,000 for a
roadway in Santa Clara and Santa Crua coun
ties. „
By Savage—Providing for a State board of
boiler examining engineers.
By Ward—Relating to the establishment of
a Board of State Harbor Commissioners for
the bay of San Diego
By Greenwell —Providing for the restoration
of State prison convicts to citixenshlp.
By Muenter— Amending the code relating to
the llabilltv of the wife's separate property
for debts incurred in certain cases.
By Selvage—Appropriating $35,000 for the
purchase of Fort Humboldt.
By Greenwell— Providing for the appointment
of an agent by the Board of Prison Directors
who shall secure positions for discharged con-
V, By Mattos— Enabling County Recordera to
return or destroy certain papers on file in their
By Ban ford —Prohibiting the sale of intoxi
cating liquors within a mile of the Mendocino
State Hospital for the Insane.
By Wolfe—Regulating the hour* of labor of
children.
Reform of the Civil Service—Jones of San
Francisco (chairman). Bliss, Coyle, McKen
ney, Stanton.
Retrenchment and Reform —King (chair
man). Amerige, Branstetter, Duryea, Rolley,
Pfaeffie. Mindham.
Revenue an 4 Taxation—Goodrich (chairman),
Cooper, Perkins. Wadte, Jonea of San Fran
cisco, Barnes, Stanton. '
Revision and Reform of Laws-—Drew (chair
man), Goodrich. Estudlllo, Held, Espey, Cogh
lan, Beardslee, Manwell, McGowan.
Roads and Highways—Coyle (chairman),
Lynch, Perkins. Gans. Olmsted, Thompson,
Jarvis, Arnerlch, Cleveland, Tripp, Chandler.
Rules and Regulations—McCartney (chair
man), Cromwell, Houser, McGowan, Mr.
Speaker.
State Hospitals and Asylums —Held (chair
man), Cromwell, Beardslee, King. Severance,
Strobrldfte, Mitcheltree. Gates. Melnke Pfaef
ne. Pryor.
' State Library—Lynch (chairman), Gans,
Slaven, Treadwell, Goodrich. 1
State Prisons and Reformatory Institutions—
McKenney (chairman). Lynch, Olmsted,
Amerlge, Ells, Bliss. Boyle, - Beckett, Wlcker
sham.
Swamp and Overflowed Lands and River
Improvements—Moore (chairman), Devlin
Lynch, Atkinson, Manwell, Cuueri. Weyand.'
Vogel, Hawktna.
Universities—Waste (chairman). Mitcheltree.
Goodrich, Johnstone, Espey, King, Weyand.
Ventilation and Acoustics — Johnstone
(chairman). Busick, Gates, Hartman.* Melnke.
Ways and Means—Stanton (chairman).
Drew. Cromwell, Devlin. Busick, McCartney,
E?i>ey, Goodrich, Jones of San Francisco. Mc
f van, Rolley, Waste, John, Weyand, Lum
ley.
-an Francisco Delegation—McGowan, chair
man.
RUEF CALLS
FOLLOWERS
TO A CAUCUS
Tells Faithful Ones
What He Wants
of Them.
Henchmen to Await
Orders From the
Leader.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9.—Abe Ruef ar
| rived from San Francisco to-night and
for half an hour the streets gave back
the echo of scurrying feet. Messengers
were rounding up the faithful, and it
was not long before all Sacramento
knew it. Men whose acquaintance
Ruef has hardly enjoyed wrung his
hand with the warmth of admiration
and hope. And their affection even
I increased when they watched him
| march away to his rooms at 523 X
l street with no less tljan fourteen good
Senatorial votes proud to follow in his
trail.
The word went out that Ruef had ar
rived and that "doings" were at hand.
Candidates stood back and longingly
watched the San Francisco dictator
lead his followers to his place of seclu
sion that they might lend* him their
ears. But before requesting the loan
Ruef decided to count noses to see
whether all were on hand to hearken to
his wisdom. The rollcall disclosed the
presence of Senators Harry Bunkers.
George B. Keane, Frank A. Markey
and John H. Nelson, while the lower
house was represented by Marc An
thony, Thomas E. Atkinson, Samuel H.
Beckett, John A. Cullcn, Gub Hartman,
Fred J. Meincke, William J. Mindham,
Fred V. Severance, Louis Strohl and
Mcl Vogel.
Here were fourteen of the good and
faithful, but Ruef was Informed that
five more San Franciscans would be on
hand at the next caucus and that two
more could not be found, but could be
counted among the loyal and as yet
undeflected owners of Senatorial votes
Then Ruef borrowed the ears of his
little group. He said he had learned
with pleasure of the desire of the San
Francisco delegation to give him its
complimentary vote, but that he did
not desire It to take such action. He
said he was in the fight and that such
action could have no effect otiier than
to reflect honor upon him, but ne would
accept the spirit for the deed in order
to facilitate matters and speed the con
test to a conclusion. He was not pre
pared, however, to suggest which of
the several candidates enjoyed his
favor; this matter would be determined
la ter.
The caucus then discussed the mode
of procedure to be followed by it in
the contest that goes to ballot to-mor
row. It was agreed that throughout
tho contest the legislators pres
ent • should stand as a unit
and vote as the word was
given them. This decision doubtless
ly will further increase the affection
of the candidates for Ruef and his un
swerving delegation.
To-morrow morning at 10 Ruef will
again meet with his delegation, at
which time a candidate wdl be select
ed to bear up under the weight of its
first ballot. It is said J. O. Hayes
of San Jose will receive this first honor
and may continue to receive it until
the crucial hour arrives. Then its
whole strength will be thrown to the
proper one, and out from among the
cheers a. new United States Senator
will arise.
At a late hour Ruef was surrounded
with members of the Legislature and
outside supporters of Several Sena
torial aspirants. He said to a Call
reporter that the logic of the situation
favored a Senator from the south and
as Herrin has given orders that Bard
must not be considered, it is inter
preted that Flint or some other south
erner will get the prize. To a State
Senator Ruef spoke of the responsi
bility attaching to the duty of passing
out the gold brick to either Flint or
Knight.
It is said that the San Francisco
delegation is now in a position to de
cide the issue. The claim is made that
Senator Bauer, who came out for Flint
yeFterday, will act with the city dele
gation.
Let your blunders educate you.
ADVEKTISKMEXTa.
Pears'
We perspire a pint a
day without knowing it;
ought to; if not, there's
trouble ahead. The ob
structed skin becomes
sallow or breaks out in
pimples. The trouble goes
deeper, but this is trouble
enough.
If you use Pears' Soap,
no matter how often, the
skin is clear and soft and
open and clear.
Sold all over the world.
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BYADVERTISEMENTS.
amin t e t jt money b£tf you
NT 111* SNWOOD&fO
||S§ 740 Market.nd Cor. Powell and Eddy Sts. |(
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JANUARY 10. 1905.
34
JAPANESE CRUISERS NEARING BALTIC FLEET
SLAV SHIPS
AT A SECRET
RENDEZVOUS
Supposed to Be in
Hiding Off Mad
agascar.
LONDON, Jan. 10. —A dispatch
from Port Louis, Mauritius, to the
Dfclty Mail says: 'Nothing has been
seen or heard of the Russian Baltic
feet. It is supposed to be sheltering
either in some harbor off Madagascar
or off the Comoro Islands. There are
mysterious rumors here of the ap
proach of Japanese cruisers and -of
the y€cent arrival of strange wireless
nifefeages."
The Times states that arrangements
extending over several months to sup
-sly the Russian Baltic fleet have ap
parently come to an end. There is no
longer a chain of store ships ahead
and seemingly no arrangements have
been made for the tleet's voyage
homeward.
The Daily Telegraph's correspond
ent at Chefu reports that Japan
ese Consul there has received news of
;t disastrous mine explosion at Port
Arthur.
The came correspondent asserts
that a large portion of General Nogi's
.irmy has been already sent north to
I Jaoyang.
JAPANESE SEND UP KITES.
Hrenk New a of Pori Arthur's Fall to
Kumpatkin"* Army.
HUANCHAN, Jar.. 9.—The news of
the fall of Port Arthur was received
here first unofficially from the Japan
ese, w ho let numerous kites bear
iug letters and triumphal inscriptions.
These kites were picked up by Rus
sian soldiers long before the tele
graph gave them the news. The army
received the announcement doggedly,
regret being expressed that the troops
had been unable to relieve the garri
son.
Russian artillery is steadily pound
ing the section of Ihe Japanese line
west of Sinchinpu and about the vil
lages of Rantoshan and Sinlingun.
In the past two days the Japanese
have made two unsuccessful attempts
to break through the Russian advance
lines.
Regrets the Andromeda Incident.
TOKIO, Jan. 9.—The Navy Depart
ment announces that it regrets the
misunderstanding in the case af the
Rritisli cruiser Andromeda, which
sailed from Weihaiwei on January 5
for Port Arthur v.'th hospital stores
and surgeons to assist the sick and
wounded, and was not permitted to
make a landing. The department
says that the commander at Port
Arthur refused the aid offered by the
Andromeda owing to the fact that he
had not received instructions.
Ten Thousand Killed or Missing.
TOKIO. Jan. 9.—ln well informed
circles it is estimated that the original
garrison of Port Arthur numbered
about 35.000 to 40.000 men, including
sailors. The killed, those who died
of sickness and the missing are placed
at more than 10.000.
SQUADRON INSPECTED
BY MORTON AND DEWEY
Imposing Naval Spectacle in Hampton
Roads, Alter Which Ships
Go South.
FORT MONROE. Va.. Jan. 9.—The
Inspection of the battleships of the
coast and Caribbean squadrons by
Secretary of the Navy Morton and Ad
miral Dewey to-day was one of the
most imposing naval spectacles wit
nessed in Hampton Roads in many
years.
Headed by the battleship Kearsarge,
flying the pennant of Rear Admiral A.
S. Barker, the eighteen warships are
to-night on their way down the coast
to the winter maneuvering grounds.
HOPE GIVEN UP FOR SHIP
WITH OVER SIXTY ABOARD
Stcamshpi Lcgazpi, Owned in Phil
ippines. Believed to Have Foun
dered in China Sea.
MANILA, Jan. 9.—The owners of
the iron screw three-masted steam
ship Legazpi have given up all
hope of the vessel, wihch prob
nbly foundered in the China Sea.
The Lcga/.rii carried seven passengers
and had a crew of sixty Filipinos. Her
captain was a Spaniard and her first
officer an American.
The Legiizpi was owned by Iribar
& Co. of Manila. She was of S4O tons.
HEATH ON THE GALLOWS
IS FATE OF A MURDERER
Judge Buckles of Stii.Min Passes Sen
tence on a Dixon Razor
Wiekler.
SUISUN, Jan. 9.—George Easton,
convicted of murder in the first de
gree, was to-day sentenced by Judge
Buckles to be hanged at Folsom
prison on March 23. Easton killed
Charles Horrigan in a disreputable
.house in Dixon on November 2 by cut
ting his throat with a razor.
ULSIQX.
NO SUBSTITUTE
has yet been found for cod
liver oil. There are so-called
extracts, wines and cordials of
cod liver oil that are said to
contain the active principles
but not the oil itself. This is
a'osurd on its face. You might
as well extract the active prin
ciples of wheat and make
bread with them. The best
form of cod liver oil, that can
be digested and assimilated
most easily, is Scott's Emul
sion.
We'll M~vd yen • MMNsk free.
•COOT * BOWKE, Pearl Stmt, Hmm Yadr
NORTH SEA COMMISSIONERS RESUME
THEIR SESSION IN PARIS.
Admraf F urnier of France Made Chairman of Board
LOSES POSITION
IN WHITE HOUSE
Major Montgomery Unex
pectedly Ordered to Com
mand Company at Benicia
Special Dispatch to The Call.
( ALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.—An was
issued by the War Department to-day,
by direction of the President, relieving
Major Benjamin F. Montgomery, sig
nal corps,, from duty as chief of the
telegraph and cipher bureau in the
executive office in the White House
and ordering him to Benicia Barracks,
California, to assume command of
Company F, signal corps, on arrival of
that company at that post from the
Philippines, where it has been stationed
for several months past.
Major Montgomery has been in the
White House twenty-eight years- For
fourteen years he was there as an
operator, assigned from the signal
corps, in which he had begun as a
private. Seven years ago he was on
the White House rolls as a clerk and
when the Spanish war came he was
made a captain in the signal corps and
assigned to the White House telegraph
room.
To-day's order came as a complete
surprise to Major Montgomery, who
had been ignorant of the intention to
have him changed from his position.
The order not only relieves Major
Montgomery from duty in the White
House, but also has the effect of re
ducing him to the rank of captain. No
reasons are assigned for the change
except that it was felt at the White
House that the telegraph bureau ought
to be directly under the control of the
secretary to the President.
AMERICAN SUBJECT KILLED
BY MOROCCAN TRIBESMEN
Pi*opcrty Belonging to Europeans
Looted as Result of Fighting
Among Natives.
LONDON, Jan. 9. —A dispatch from
Tangier to the Times says: The Vice
Consuls at Alcazar report that there
has been .serious tribal fighting and
that one American -subject has been
killed and much property belonging
to Europeans looted.
Army and Navy Orders.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.—Under or
ders of the War Department Captain
D. M. King of the ordnance department
will make two visits during January,
February and March to the California
Powder Works, at both Santa Cruz and
Pinole, Cal., to inspect the powder.
Orders to naval officers—Commander
W. C. Cowles is detached from duty
as a member of the board of Inspection
and survey at Washington, D. C, and
ordered to the Asiatic station, sailing
from San Francisco about January 21.
Ship Safe After Collision.
LONDON, Jan. 9.—The Sunderland
steamship Dinnington, which collided
off Ramsgate yesterday with the Bel
fast schooner Despatch and which
was believed to have sunk with her
crew of ten men, arrived safely in the
Thames to-day.
THE SAN 1 FRAXCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. JANUARY 10. 1905.
DOORS CLOSE
AGAINST HIM
James Caradoc Kees and His
Chinese Valet Persona Xon
Grata at the St. Francis
James Caradoc Rees, gentleman of
leisure of New* York, and his Mon
golian valet, were missed in the lob
by of the St. Francis Hotel last night.
Differences between the management
of the hostelry and Rees as regards
the latter's account with the estab
lishment arose early in the day and
later Rees found his apartments
locked against him. His protests were
of no avail and night found him and
his scowling Chinese attendant look
ing for quarters elsewhere. For sev
eral weeks Rees has been a notice
able figure about the Palace and the
St. Francis. He is the son of a
wealthy resident of New York and a
cousin of Banker Roberts of Ma
dera.
Arriving here from the East, Rees
got apartments at the Palace and then
hurried forth in search of a valet, who
was eventually discovered in the per
son of a Chinese. For a week or more
the visitor attracted considerable at
tention by his eccentricities. Finally
he had some dispute with the man
agement and went to the St. Francis.
Although his account at the Palace
was not paid as promptly as the ho
tel would have it. the management
made no protest, it being understood
that a draft on the senior Rees in
New York would be quickly acknowl
edged.
The St. Francis Hotel, however, had
no such guaranty and when Rees be
gan giving elaborate suppers and ig
noring suggestions from the manage
ment that prompter settlement would
be more pleasing a dispute arose and
for a time the guest and Assistant
Manager Wills were at swords' points.
Their troubles culminated yesterday
when Rocs was ren.uested to call at
the cashier's window, and he refused
to do so. An hour later he was eat
ing a swell luncheon in the ladies'
grill. About that time a porter was
bundling Rees' valet out of his mas
ter's apartments and once vacated the
hotel employe made sure that the
rooms would not again be occupied by
Rees by inserting a check in the lock.
Late last evening Rees visited the ho
tel and demanded admittance to his
rooms, but his request was denied by
the night clerk. He left the estab
lishment in anything but a peaceful
,mood.
Death of Horse Causes Suit.
Colonel G. C. Sawyer brought a suit
yesterday In Judge Van Nostrand's
court to recover $250 alleged to be
the value of a horse that Adam Mil
ler, a liveryman, vr&B boarding. Al
though the horse was owned by Saw
yer, it appears that H. R. Rand, a lo
cal hotel proorietor, was in the habit
of renting the animal. James H. Bab
cock, a restaurant man, was also in
the habit of using the horse. This con
tinued for some time until one day the
horse was brought in a physical
wreck. Despite the services of a vet
erinarian, the animal died. The case
comes up for trial to-day*
Illness generally runs from a person
who Is cheerful.
PRESIDING OFFICER AND MEETING
PLACE OF INTERNATIONAL, NORTH
SKA COMMISSION.
PARIS, Jan. 9. —The international
commission appointed to inquire into
the North Sea incident resumed its
m BBtoM at the Foreign Office to-day.
Admiral yon Spaun of Austria and
Doubasoff of Russia were present.
The latter's appointment was officially
announced, thus making permanent
Admiral Kaznakoff's retirement on ac
count of illness. Admiral Fournier of
France was unanimously chosen per
manent chairman. In the course of
h;s speech of acceptance Admiral
Fournier said he hoped the commis
sion would be inspired with the same
moderation and wisdom which in
duced Emperor Nicholas and King
Edward to refer the question to arbi
tration.
The admirals have decided thai the
meetings of the commission shall be
semi-public. Admirals Beaumont and
Davis argued for ,full publicity, but the
others considered that that course
would be inconvenient, and finally it
was decided by a unanimous vote to
admit representatives of the press to
hear the testimony of the British and
the Russian witnesses, the admirals'
deliberations remaining private.
The apartment in which the sit
tings of the commission are being held
is one of the most sumptuous salonS
of the French Ministry of Foreign Af
fairs. It is .situated on the second
story, far ing the panorama of the
Seine quays and opposite the Alex
ander 111 bridge and the Palaces of
Fine Arts. The chamber forms part
at M. Delcasse's private apartments
j and is occasionally used by him as a
sitting room.
During the recent visit of the King
and Queen of Italy to France, >vh v
they were lodged at the Foreign Min
istry, this room served as the official
royal drawing-room. It has never be
fore been used for a conference. It
was at one time proposed to put at
the disposal of the commission the
same room which had been used by
the Hispano-American Commissioners,
but it was decided that it would be
better to select entirely new quarters.
The furniture is finely upholstered
and the room is hung with red velvet,
the wood and brass work being richly
gilded. When lighted by electricity
the effect produced is magnificent. A
smaller adjacent room has also been
placed at the disposal of the Com
missioners for their private confer
ences when considering the evidence
that is placed before them or deciding
important questions that, may arise in
the course of their investigations.
LOUISE MICHEL
PASSES AWAY
AT RIPE AGE
PARIS, Jan. 9.—Louise Michel,
prominent as a communist and revolu
tionary agitator for the last thirty-five
years, died to-day in Marseilles. She
was 75 years of age.
> Louise Michel first distinguished
herself by her poetical and musical
talents, which were recognized and
encouraged by Victor Hugo. She took
ah active part with the revolutionary
commune in 1870 and was made prison
er. Although she eloquently defended
herself before the Judges, she was
sentenced to transportation for life.
Ten years later, however, she was al
lowed to return to Paris, but upon
continuing to take part in communist
assemblies, she was again made pris
oner.
For a number of years she resided
in England. Her teacheings were an
archistic and she had a large follow
ing both in London and "Paris. She was
fearless as a leader and powerful on
the platform. She wrote a novel,
called "The Microbes of Society,"
which attracted wide attention.
A year ago her health broke down
and since then she has been slowly
dying.
DEATH CALLS OFFICIAL.
RIVERSIDE, Jan. 9. —Emerson H.
Gruwell, County Recorder of River
side County since its organization in
1893, died to-day. A widow survives
him. He was a prominent member of
the Elks, Masons and Odd Fellows and
was very popular socially. He was 36
years of age.
Death of Napa Pioneer.
NAPA, Jan. 9.—Jesse Bowen, aged
72, a well known pioneer of Napa,
passed away here to-day. He was a
native of Baltimore. Bowen came to
California in 1854 and had resided in
Napa for the last thirty-seven years.
He leave* a widow.
SURVIVORS
MARCH OUT
OF CITADEL
Pitiful Procession of
Slav Prisoners
of War.
PORT ARTHUR, Saturday, Jan. 7 — !
Five thousand men of the Russian :
garrison at Port Arthur were marched
from the village of Yahulsui, on the
shores of Pigeon Bay, for fifteen miles !
to the railway station at Changling- j
tzu yesterday. The long procession of 1
the remnant of the gallant Russian
garrison was a pathetic spectacle. The
tirst arrivals at Changlingtzu were j
four droskies, drawn by sorry-looking
horses. They contained the staff of- I
licers who had refused to give their
parole. All wore their swords, as they
were allowed to do under the terms of
the capitulation compact.
A few minutes later the first detach
ment arrived. The regimental officers
marched with their men, their heads
bowed and their faces seamed with
lines showing the result of the mental
and physical strain they had under
gone during the long defense.
As the Japanese soldiers crowded
about them with evident curiosity the
faces of the Russian officers were an
interesting study. All of them ap
peared to feel their humiliating posi
tion keenly, and though some seemed
to be resigned to the situation, others
were resentful as being regarded with
curiosity.
The horses drawing the transport
i aiis were staggering with fatigue,
though the loads were small. They
were tied to the carts and led by
orderlies. In the procession were
many lean looking pet dogs belonging
to the officers.
In many cases officers refused to
wear their swords, but had them car
rte«J behind them by orderlioe. The
officers saluted the European and
American correspondents with the
Japanese army, and appeared to be
both pleased and astonished at seeing
Europeans and Americana there.
The prisoners were treated with the
greatest respect and kindness. The
soldiers were given food, cigarettes and
beer, and the Japanese soldiers were
seen even voluntarily carrying the
effects of the prisoners when they
were overcome by fatigue.
On the evening of January 3, Cap
tain Tsunoda, a Japanese staff of
ficer, was sent to Port Arthur to in
form General Stoessel of the contents
of the message from the Emperor of
Japan to General Nogi. giving instruc
tions that the garrison should be treat
ed with the greatest consideration.
Captain Tsunoda took with him a pres
ent for the Russian commander, con
sisting of chickens and wine.
Stoessel's first inquiry was as to the
whereabouts of General Kuropatkin.
said he had last heard from
Kuuopatkin on October 6. when the
commander of the Manchurian army
said he would soon come to the relief
of Port Arthur. He had, he stated,
sent out Chinese spies, who on their
return reported that Kuropatkin, with
a relieving army, was at Kinchow,
twenty miles to the north of Port Ar
thur. ,
Stoessel listened with evident in
credulity to the statement that Kuro
patkin had been defeated and driven
back toward Mukden, so the captain
produced a map which showed the re
spective positions of the Russian and
Japanese armies near the Shakhe
Kiver. the story of Kuro
patkin's defeat and said that the Rus
sian losses had been between 50,000
and 60.000. Stoessel expressed his
amazement and then quietly remark
ed that he had been misled.
The general asked where the Rus
sian second Pacific squadron was and
was told that some of the ships had
not yet passed the Cape of Good Hope.
With a hopeless expression General
Stoessel s.-'id:
Xotv that Port Arthur has fallen
there is no use of the squadron com
ing farther."
Captain Tsunoda asked what caused
the most damage to the garrison dur
ing the siege, to which General Sto
essel replied:
"Your eleven-inch howitzers. Since
they arrived our defensive works have
been useless."
The general said that he and for
mer Viceroy Alexieff had been
through the Boxer trouble and had
then seen the work of the Japanese
army. He had been associated with
'the Japanese eenerals, Yamagouehi
and Fukushima, at that time, he said,
and he expressed tne opinion that the
Russian and Japanese forces had then
borne the lion's share of the work.
Since that time, he declared, he had
always entertained a high idea of the
organization and fighting qualities of
the Japanese army. The real cause
of the war, in General Stoessel's opin
ion, was the ignorance of the Russian
people regarding the fighting qualities
of the Japanese.
The first attack on Port Aiythur by
the Japanese fleet In February was a
tremendous surprise to the Russians,
General Stoeaael told Captain Tsun
oda, as the forts were then only partly
completed and were garrisoned by
only from 2000 to JO 00 troops.
BALL IN PENSION BUILDING.
House at Last Agrees to Permit Use
of Hall.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.—The House
to-day adopted the Senate resolution
providing for the holding of the in
augural ball in the Pension building.
On a viva voce vote the resolution was
lost, but a rollcall enabled those fa
vorable to the Pension building propo
sition to muster their strength and
pass it. Speaker Cannon and several
of the Republican leaders recorded
themselves as opposed to the employ
ment of the Pension building for the
purpose of the inaugural ball.
For the third time during the ses
sion the resolution granting temporary'
occupancy of a portion of the District
of Columbia monument lot for an
American railway appliance exhibition
in connection with the meeting of the
International Railway Congress to be
held in this city was called up. Favor
able action on it was previously pre
vented by the opposition of Mann of
Illinois. To-day the resolution was
passed in spite of Mann's objections.
BARD'S BILL PASSES.
Provides for Exchange of Lands in
National Parks.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.—Senator
Bard's bill authorizing the Secretary of
the Interior to acquire by exchange for
Government lands those lands held by
private individuals within the national
parks in California passed the Senate
to-day. This is a measure recommend
ed by the Department of the Interior.
BEEF TRUST
ONCE MORE
UNDER FIRE
Attorney General Moody for
the Government Argues
the Case Before Supreme
Court of United States
SHOWS AGREEMENT
TO RESTRAIN TRADE
.Maintains the Packers Have
| Manipulated the Price
by Means of \<rents in
All Parts of the Country
. I
WASHINGTON. Jan. 9.—Attorney 1
General Moody to-day concluded his
argument on behalf of the Govern
ment before the Supreme Court of the
United States in the case of Swift &
Co. vs. the United States, commonly
known as the beef trust case, begun
last Friday.
Moody said none of the agreements
acts complained of related to manu
facture or production, but to com
merce. He said the inquiry is nar
rowed down to only two questions for';
the determination of the court:
whether the commerce in the case was
commerce among the States, and if
so, whether the agreements constitute
a monopoly or any part of it. Moody |
maintained that the following had i
been shown:
Personr owning live stock and living in other
States and Terrltoiles than those where the
stockyards are situated were accustomed to
send such stock to the various stockyards
named for the purpose of sale there. The de
fendants, who were severally engaged In the ;
business of buying such live stock for the pur
pose of slaughtering and converting It into
fresh meat, entered into an agreement with I
each other to refrain from bidding against I
each other with the purpose and result of I
suppressing all competition in such purchases. |
The interstate character of the
ti..nsaction, he said, where an owner
•of a commodity living in one State
ships it to another, continues from the ,
beginning of the shipment to and in- J
eluding the sale of the commodity* if
It has not lost its identity by the 1
breaking of the original package. In ;
speaking of the packers' contract, j
Moody said:
It creates such a relation between inde
pendent persons as will result In the control- i
ling or limiting of production, the suppression
of competition, either with respect of prices, (
territories or customers, the destruction of
competition of others outside the combination
and the creation by such means of a monopoly
in the mod'-rn sense of the word. Such con
tracts as these, If not universally, have by the
great mat* of authorities been held to be
against public policy and unlawful in the sense
of b«lng unenforcibie between the parties.
Controlling »;0 per cent of the fresh meat In
dustry of the whole country, the packers sit
down at their slaughtering and packing estab-.
lishments and. and, with the aid of the tele
graph, through the instrumentality of count
> less agents and attorneys spread throughout
I the country, clothing their transactions and
sheltering their misconduct by ciphers and
secret codes, lower or raise, and when thus
lowered or raised, tlx and maintain absolutely,
as among themselves, the price of every pound
of one of the great necessities of life as it
enters and foUowa, the channels of Interstate
I commerce. This 1s an unlawful restraint of
commerce among the States and was so de
' clared in the Kddystone pipe case, from which
all the ingenuity of counsel cannot distinguish
| the case at bar.
Continuing. Moody said:
From this it appears that the defendants are
all engaged 1n the common effort to obtain un
lawful rates, which they subsequently share or
pool among themselves, and that their scheme
contemplates not only the pocling of these un
lawful rates, but the exclusion of all outside
competlto-s from obtaining them.
No combination can long endure against
those who are secretly and in defiance of the
law en)oying rates for the transportation of
their propesty in interstate commerce which
constitute a preference over all others in the
same business. No more fruitful source of
monopoly can be found than the enjoyment of
preferential rates. The history of the country
demonstrates this.
In pursuance of the ronsplracy among them
selves, their agents bid up the price of live
stock at certain selected times to an abnormal
point. This naturally Induces the shipment
I from other States of live stock to the points
where the price is bid up in quantities much
] larger than under normal conditions. Then.
> taking advantage of this congestion of the
• markets, they refrain from bidding against
each other In the purchase of livestock, with
. the result that the producers and owners of
the stock are forced to sell <,t ruinous prices.
Thus the unlawful conspiracy to refrain from
i bidding against each other is undoubtedly
profitable, and the great profits that will come
from, the transaction In turn increase the power
of the combination and tend to fasten upon the
people a monopoly. The conspiracy In this case
is ancillary to the conspiracy to refrain from
bidding and to the creation of the monopoly
. which this whole case discloses.
In conclusion the Attorney General
argued:
They cannot be permitted to ingenuously sep
arate the various steps of their undertaking
and so deal with them that they cannot be
regarded as interstate transactions. The court
met and answered such a device as this in the
case of Montague k. Co. vs. Lowry. There It
was truly claimed that the sales of unset tiles
In San Francisco by the local dealers were con.
sldered by themselves interstate transactions.
The court held that the sale should be sepa
rated from the main purpose of the comblna
i tion, which was to fix and maintain uniform
; prices for goods which were the subject of
i interstate commerce.
Moody was followed by Miller, who
closed the case for the packers.
Miller took up the charge of re
i bates, and said the facts must be set
up in some way before the court could
take cognizance of them. v
"Suppose," said Judge Harlan, "the
combinations alleged were confined to
domestic commerce in the State of
Illinois, would you consider It a re
straint of trade 1 ?"
Miller replied In the negative.
Justice Harlan asked how It would
be if there was a combination by coal
miners to control the price of coal.
Miller replied that it would largely
depend on the extent of the combina
: tion and also upon whether there were
< State anti-trust laws. Taking up an
other line, he said no commerce be
tween the States was involved.
Justice White asked a question as
to the effect of an agreement to fix
i the price of meat In another State,
i but Miller contended that the charge
'in the pending case did not go so far
as that.
TRUST AGENTS RELEASED.
Regarded as Not Responsible for Acta
of Corporation.
HELENA, Mont., Jan. 9.—By order
of Judge Smith in the District Court
this morning five agents residing In
Butte, who were arrested in the fam
ous beef trust cases, were discharged
from custody and their bondsmen re
leased from liability.
M. S. Gunn moved that they be dis
charged on the ground that the agents
of a corporation are not liable for the
acts of their companies. The motion
was granted.
The agents were arrested in the
proceeding brought by former Attor
ney General Donovan against Armour
& Co., Cudahy & Co., Swift & Co. and
the Hammond Packing Company of
Chicago and Pueblo.
The Attorney General was granted
leave by the court to have new sum
monses issued in the cases.
Eves of All
Germany on
Boy of Seven
GRANDSON OF IRON CHANCETLr-
LOH, WHOSE DEVELOPMENT
GERMANS ARE WATCHING.
BERLIN, Jan. 9.—The eyes of the
entire nation have been turned upon the
heir of the house of Bismarck, for since
the death of his father 7-year-old Otto
yon Bismarck is the oldest male mem
ber of the family. It is said of him
that he bears the proudest name in
modern German history—that of his
grandfather, the Fatherland's empire
builder and "Iron Chancellor." Born in
September, 1897, little Prince Otto al
ready gives promise of perpetuating the
mental and physical traits of his great
ancestor, whose name he is the first of
I his line to bear.
' Under the fond guidance of his hand
some and vivacious mother, who was
the Hungarian Countess Hoyos when
she married Prince Herbert Bismarck
in 1871, Prince Otto is growing into a
manly fellow, and even at this early
period of his life has developed traces
of the characteristics which carved his
family name so indelibly in the world's
history. He is a big boy for his age
and Is passionately fond of vigorous
sport, especially horseback riding, at
which he is an adept. He speaks Ger
man, English and French fluently, and
is an extremely handsome little gentle
man. His type is more American in its
aspect than either German or Hun
garian.
Prince Otto is getting his schooling
from home tutors, but when he is old
enough he will be sent to the "gymna
sium"—the German equivalent for the
American college preparatory school—
and when he attains university age he
will be entered at a student at Bonn,
the classic university on the Rhine,
where his father was a classmate of
Emperor William II and where the,
Hohenzollern Princes and all the noble
boys of Germany get their university
training.
Then, so his mother Intends, Prince
Otto shall still further adhere to fam
ily traditions by joining the army, al
though It has not yet been fully deter
mined that he will make a military ca
reer his life work. His father, like his
grandfather, won fame in diplomacy,
and the little Prince may eventually
decide to serve his Fatherland In the
realmlof politics too.
Prince Otto has two sisters older than
himself, the Countesses Hannah and
Maria, and two younger brothers.
Counts Gottfried and Albreoht. The
family lives amid Ideal surroundings on
the old and beautiful Bismarck estate
at Friedrichsruhe-Schoenhausen. The
Princess Bismarck Inherited extensive
and valuable landed properties from
her late husband and father-in-law
and is In position to keep up a mag
nificent social establishment, but since
the relations between the Iron Chancel
lor and the present Kaiser were broken
off none of the Bismarck family has
sought to participate actively In court
life or noble society.
CADIZ, Spain. Jan. 9—Popular demonstra
tions against the custom duties resulted to
day in an encounter between crowds and gen
darmerie The latter fired on the rioters.
Killing one and wounding several.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DThe UEBIO Company g'.va all their §||>
energies to Extract of Best, from 111
raisin* cattle to potting the extract. That I If
<a wfcy thelra has been for "forty years 11|
the first," and why It is the only on* I I
Imitated by infringe*s,who copy Jaraand 111
i labels, call their stuff "Liebir's"; and m%
eren counterfeit the bhie signature. ■\|'
The con tenti of the Jars however, can- 11
not be imitated for quality ; be sure you IH
V get the real' Xiebtg Company's.'' 111
LIE BIG j|
( COMPANY'S II
\rxtr act of beef JjSUSPENDS TWO MEN WHO MIGHT
THWART THE ENDS OF JUSTICE
THE PRESIDENT ACTS PROMPTLY
Relieves Oregon Officials of Powers
SAN UP..'NCISCO ATTORNEY WHO WAS VEST..RDA T ' TEMPORARILY AP
POINTED UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR OftF.CON. AND WHO IS ABLY
HANDLING THE PROSECUTION IN THE LAND FRAUD CASES.
£r»e;ial Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND. Jan. 9.—The newest but i
not unexpected development in the land
fraud cases is the suspension of Reg
later Joseph T. Bridges and Receiver !
f. EL Booth of the land office at Rose- j
burg. This action was taken on the |
tele graphic advice of United States j
District Attorney F. J. Henay thai,
Booth and Bridges by -continuing in |
office were "able to thwart the ends of
justice."
Booth and Bridges were notified of !
t.teir .temporary removal by the Presi- ]
dent in telegrams from Washington \
this morning. They were instructed to !
immediately turn over their offices to '
Special Agent Thomas B. Neuhausen, I
who is working in conjunction with i
Prosecutor Heney and Special Agent |
Burns. This summary action was taken ;
by the President on the recommenda- i
Mon of Heney, which was based upon j
investigations made by him and Burns
daring the past week.
Booth is a brother of the principal
shareholder in the Booth-Kelly Lum
ber Company, which acquired a large
acreage of timber in the Roseburg dis
trict. Even after the delegation had
forced his appointment up to the Presi
dent the latter declined absolutely to
appoint him until satisfied that Booth
had severed all connection with the
firm in which his brother Is so heavily
interested.
Roseburg is the home of Congressman
Hermann, who was largely instru
mental in securing the appointments of
both Bridges and Booth.
•. With the sanction and approval of
President Roosevelt, Francis J. Heney |
of California, who came here as special i
Government prosecutor in the land
fraud cases, was this afternoon ap
pointed United States District Attorney
by.Judge Bellinger in place of John H.
Hall,- removed. Heney hitherto has
merely been Assistant United States
District Attorney, although really in
control of the land frauds investigation
and prosecution in this State. It wa&
feared that a question—a technical one,
AP\^RTISE3CEXTS.
I Oriental Goods f
| At Wholesale Prices |
| We Offer Our Entire Extra Fine |
g Collection of o
I ORIENTAL RUGS 1
I ANIKURTAINS j
I 25% DISCOUNT §
8 From Regular Retail Prices S
g " We are Sole Agents for John g
§ Crossley &. Son's Celebrated §
8 English Carpets. 8
jChas. M.PIum&Co.S
| Cor. Ninth and Market Sts. |
CARTERS! CIRE SICK HEADACHE.
■Bittie Genuine Must Bear
I PILL? Fac-Simile Signature
it is true—might be raised as to the
legality of his appearance before the
Grand Jury, hence the appointment.
CLARK IN LAND CASES.
Senator the Purchaser of Vast Tract
Connected With Frauds.
HELENA. Mont., Jan. 9.—Judge Wil
liam K. Hunt in the Uniter States Court
here to-day overruled the demurrers
of the defendants to the indictments in
the cases of the United States against
R. B. Cobham. J. B. Cattlin and many
others, charged with subornation of
perjury and perjury in connection with
timber land entries in Western Mon
tana, and the accused will now have to
come to trial. There are twelve indict
ments for subornation of perjury and
ninety for perjury.
Included among the defendants are
many settlers in Powell and Missoula
counties, who are alleged to have made
false oaths in proving up on their tim
ber lands, which were afterward ac
quired by Senator W. A. Clark. It is
c harged that Cobham and Cattlin, well
known citizens of Missoula, induced
these people to swear falsely. The in
dictments were returned in June, 1901.
and the cases have since been pending
in court.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.—The follow
ing authoritative statement was made
to-night:
In the spring of lf>o2 the Interior Department
wa<= informed that extensive land frauds were
being perpetrated in Montana and Idaho-under
an act of Congress known as the timber and
stone act. Secretary Hitchcock immediately
eet on foot an investigation, and in the State
of Montana it was discovered that at the Land
Offices of Helena *nd Missoula many fradu
lent entries had been made. It was soon dis
covered, it is alleged, that under the leader
ship of R. B. Cobham a conspiracy was or
ganized and a lot of people living in the vicin
ity of Missoula —men and women—were direct
ed to make applications at the Land Office.
Under the act of Congress it wu necessary
for the applicant, when he made his applica
tion, to take an oath that the land was not
taken for speculative purposes, but for his own
use, and that no one else was directly or in
directly interested in the purchase.
Cobham and his associates prepared all those
affidavits and paid all expenses and $2 50 an
acre for the land, and gave these persons from
$100 to $150 apiece for fnlse swearing and
entry. There v.ere 102 perrons, men and
women, indicted and a number of indictments
were filed—Cobham being indicted some ten
times. These Indictments were for perjury and
forgery'- A!! landr. amounting to some
15.000 acres, were sold by Cobham to United
States Senator W. A. Clark. Demurrers *ere
filed to these indictments and they have, been
delayed from time to time until now. To-day
the Attorney General received the following
telegram from United States Special Attorney
Maynard. dated a" Helena. January 8:
"Judge Hunt overruled demurrer in twelve
subornation perjury cases and ninety perjury
cases. Having exhausted all dilatory pleas,
defendants must now stand trial."
HORSEWHIPPED FOR TRYING
TO STIR UP A SCANDAL
Woman Chastised by Wife of Man
for Whom She Sought to
Make Trouble.
PELHAM, N. V., Jan. 9.—Angered by
false reports brought to her about her
husband, Mrs. C. P. Smith, a woman
prominent in the society of North Pel
ham, this evening horsewhipped a
stylishly dressed woman. The victim
of the lash was rather stout and was
muffled in furs. Her identity was un
known to Mr. and Mrs. Smith, but they
are trying to learn who she is and will
prosecute her for attempting to break
up their home.
The woman after being whipped fled
in the direction of Mount Vernon, and
the police of that city have been asked
to apprehend her.
EIGHT THOUSAND DOLLARS
FOR WIDOW OF MARCUM
She Is Awarded Damages in Kentucky
for the Murder of Her
Husband.
WINCHESTER, Ky., Jan. 9.—The
Jury in the case of Mrs. A. Marcum,
who sued ex-Judge Hargis, ex-State
Senator Hargis, Sheriff Ed Callahan of
Breathitt County and Attorney Fulton
French for $100,000 for alleged conspir
acy with Curtis Jett and Thomas White
to slay her husband, James B. Marcum,
to-day returned a verdict for $8000
against James Hargis and Sheriff Cal
lahan.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JANUARY 10, 1905.
CELEBRATED WEBEFL PIANO
GOES TO
KOHLER ®> CHASE
Leading House Triumphs in Competition for the
Most Valuable Agency in the Musical Trade
The Aeolian, Weber Piano and Pianola Co. announce that they have selected as their representatives for
£an Francisco and surrounding territory the long established and well-known house of Kohler & Chase
Our products, which will be sold by Kohler <Sb Chase in this territory, comprise:
THE PIANOLA, THE WEBER PIANO,
THE AEOLIAN, THE WHEELOCK PIANO,
THE ORCHESTRELLE, THE STUYVESANT PIANO,
THE AEOLIAN PIPE ORGAN, THE WHEELOCK PIANOLA PIANO,
THE WEBER PIANOLA PIANO, THE AEOLIAN CO. PIANOLA PIANO.
Our arrangements with Kohler <& Chase enable them to sell the various instruments of our entire line at the exact
pr.ces and on equally as favorable terms as we offer in our retail house in New York, without any of the extra
charges ordinarily required on the Pacific Coast as a consequence of the high freight rates. The same guarantee
which we give w th our instruments when sold in New York will apply to all of our products when purchased from
Kohler <§b Chase. •
THE AEOLIAN, WEBER PIANO AND PIANOLA CO.
Fifth Avenue and 34th Street, New York
A year ago the Aeolian Com- Inclusive Of instruments mentioned abOVe, OUr StOCk The house of Kohler ft Chase
pany and the Weber Piano Com- (aIWUVS ©f 300 tO 450 DianOS) embraces more than a dOZen was established in 1850. An un
pany united their interests, form- v * r* -» / interrupted business career of more
ing a single corporation, which is different, makes—the Fischer, the Hobart M. Cable, the Kohler than fifty vc -_ _ v of the time j_
now the largest manufacturer of 0 ~ , , . „ - , „ - A . „- . »v • V . *' ,
musical instruments in the world. &. Chase and Kohkr & Campbell; aISO the BIaSIUS, Behnmg this city—San Francisco—and all
Operating six factories and own- _ j A *u ore of the time in this name—Kohler
ing- branch houses in -London, «" a UUiers. & Chage
Paris, Berlin and Australia, num- p rom _ smaU bc|d nning. yet
We sel! no instrument we are unwilling to guarantee in smaii though it was, the house of
and financial leaders of the United writing, and we sell them on easy-term payments when so de- , Kohler * c s aBe . asBumed *•
States—the agency of this com- -j tv •_• • jj j . . leadership in the piano and music
pany is naturally regarded as the Sired. Ul thlS event nothing extra IS added tO OUT prices, as IS business on the Pacific Coast from
most desirable that can be obtained „,v K ______ _„_♦ ________ the start, extending its business
in the musical trade. tne practice With many mUSIC Concerns. from day to day until now it is
After careful consideration of the represented by agencies, or stores
various applicants for our agency «-» •« _;____. _«. _ U °* its own » m tne more important
on the Pacific Coast we have ap- We retail pianOS at exactly the Same prices Charged by the ci ties from Seattle on the north to
Ed* SSTS manufacturer in New York City. We add nothing on account I&'%S£IZaZESZ "
goods in their territory. Kohler ft of freight and Other transportation expenses Ordinarily required The almost phenomenal success
Chase, established for over half a - °* tne nouBe °* Kohler ft Chase is
century and occupying a pre-emi- OH the Pacific Coast. the satisfying reward of over half
nent position throughout the entire a century of honest dealings and
Pacific Slope. ... . « . , , ... . progressive business methods. No
The remarkably high standing We especially invite yOU tO COme and See the new Wener business house in the United States
SSSf&b Pianos. Their tone, their action and their beauty in case design g*g_ 'JTSKmSR***' **
great outlet and the exceptional you'll Surely admire. Certainly YOU Want* tO See t*he Metro- More experience, larger capital,
character of their clientage are too tt« 1 j a i_ 1 ■ • «*• . greater prestige, with superior sell
well known to the public to require St»ylB Pianola, and t»he Only Complete instrument* — the PianOla ing facilities, have brought to the
comment. Suffice it to say that •>•.„_ TW««« « M *k«l M « B >a *■* *f *U« house of Kohler & Chase the larg
this firm is the logical representa. PianO. These are Lhe late , t inventions Of t*he Aeolian Com- est and best agencies of everything
tive of such a corporation as the Mnv fU npWMt. t .hill arc in thp musiral world • in tne music line. The last and
Aeolian, Weber Piano and Pianola P*?* newest UQingS m IDe musical WOriQ. greatest achievement in this way
Company, whose instruments are . *• • - " being the agency for the Aeolian,
the standards of their type They are instruments Which any person Can Operate, re- Weber Piano and Pianola Com
xi^So^r'weber pi. gardless of whether or not, he is acquainted in music or with ggg w complement of instru -
ANO ft PIANOLA COMPANY. a p|anO. * KOHLER ft CHASE.
Because the famous Weber piano has come into our stock we will discontinue handling the Knabe piano.
Those who have had in mind some day owning a Knabe piano will do well to visit our stock, and do so with as little delay as possible.
We have probably fifty to fifty-five Upright and thirty or more Knabe Grand pianos. Any person at all acquainted with pianos knows that
the Knabe is one of the highest priced pianos in the United States to-day. We cannot now consistently publish our closing-out figures on this
piano, but, believe us, 'twill pay and pay well any intending buyer to visit our store and learn our prices for this celebrated piano before purchasing.
Every Knabe piano in our stock is new, and they are the very latest styles.
Easy term payments to everybody. t
Cor. Post, and Kearny Sts. HOUSe Oil the COQSt
MARE ISLAND
RUMOR FALSE
*-3
Proposal to Transfer Navy
Yard to a New Location
Is Not Being Considered
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. BUREAU, POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.—"lt is no
more true to-day than it has been for
several years that the Government in
tends to abandon the Mare Island
Navy Yard," said Rear Admiral En
dlcott, chief of the bureau of docks
and yards, when a newspaper story
to this time-worn effect was called to
his attention to-day.
But then he qualified it, saying:
I mean by that that there Is no intention
to take action in the matter pending- the ef
forts now being made to make a good and
permanent channel in Mare Island Straits.
A large sum of money has been expended in
dredging the channel and still there Is a call
for more every year and every year there Is
enough impatient questioning by the House
Committee to start this story on its rounds.
I was before the committee the other day and
while explaining the situation there a member
"Is It not time to take the bull by the horns
and abandon Mare Island as a navy yard and
secure a location in San Francisco Bay, where
we will have permanent deep water?"
I did not agree with him. We spent last
year $100,000 on the channel and this year
$150,000. We are asking for $100,000 for next
year. We ere making improvements in the
"channel that we hope will effect a permanent
cure by quickening the current so that the
silt will be carried through the straits. A
million already spent is not to be lightly
thrown away, though there Is also wisdom
in the old advice against throwing good money
after bad.
I believe, however, that the expenditure of
the money we are asking for this year will be
sufficient and the problem will be solved. If
not we will then be forced to see It a new
location. In that case we would find It in
San Francisco Bay, somewhere where we
would have deep water. The contingency, how
ever Is not worth talking of at this time, for
the reasons I have given.
Commercial lunch at the Terrace Gar
dens, 40 cents, 11:30 to 2 p m. 121-127
Mason street. •
LONDON Jan. 0. —Sousa's band had a warm
welcome at' Queen's Hall to-night, where the
opening: concert of the London engagement was
given Embassador Choate and Codsu].Gen
eral Evans were in the audience.
GOULD PLAN'S
NEW INVASION
Will Build Kailroad Into
Southern Pacific Terri
tory in New Mexico
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Jan. 9.—Engineers in the
employ of the Denver and Rio Grande
Railroad Company are setting grade
stakes between Durango, Colorado,
and Farmington, N. M., which shows
that Gould will enter Into competition
with the Santa Fe Central, the South
ern Pacific and other roads in build
in§ a line between these two points
and will Invade Southern Pacific ter
ritory. The building of this line will
open up the greatest agricultural re
gion in Northern New Mexico, which
is reported by experts to be one of
the finest in the world.
General Superintendent William
Coughlln of the Rio Grande Railroad
Company, with headquarters in this
city, does not deny the report that
the Rio Grande intends building such
a road. He admits that engineers are
working for the company at the point
mentioned and expresses the opinion
that the construction of a road be
tween Durango and Farmlngton would
be a. paying investment.
It is an opinion freely expressed in
railroad circles that, now that the
Rio Grande has become active in this
section, it will be the first to complete
a line. The Santa Fe and Southern
Pacific companies have contemplated
building roads in the same territory
and have made no effort to conceal
their intentions or their preliminary
work In the district. The latter road
has gone so far as to complete a sur
vey and take up estimates with con
tractors for the laying of the track.
Dies in Chair for Murder.
OSSINING. N. V., Jan. 9.—William
Spencer, a mulatto, was put to death
in the electric chair at Sing Sing prison
to-day for the murder of Charles S.
McFarlane of New York City on June
15, 1903.
ADVERTISING MEN ELECT
OFFICERS FOR NEW YEAR
Association Completes Business of Im
portance and Closes Convention
With a Banquet.
FRESNO, Jan. 9.—The regular
quarterly meeting of the Pacific Coast
Advertising Men's Association finished
its session to-night with a banquet.
The annual election of officers resulted
as follows: H. P. Stabler, Yuba City,
pVesident; R. C. Ayres, San Francisco,
vice president; L. H. Mertz, Los An
geles, secretary-treasurer; executive
committee, S. P. Johnston, San Fran
cisco; E. M. Swasey, San Francisco,
and H. C. Ackerly, Los Angeles.
The next meeting of the association
will be held In San Jose on April 10.
WEALTHY RANCHER'S SON
IS KILLED BY A TRAIN
Youth Falls to Heed Warning Whis
tle and Hi« Death Is the
Result.
GRIDLEY, Jan. 9. —John I. Evans,
the youngest son of J. A. Evans, the
well known cattle man and rancher of
this place, was struck by a local pas
senger train and killed to-day. The
engineer of the train saw the young
man as he came within the glare of
the headlight of the engine and at
tempted to stop the train after whis
tling a warning. Evans' neck was
broken.
CARPENTER KILLS MINER
IN STREETS OF GOLDFIELD
GOLDFIELD, New, Jan. 9.—L. C.
Falkner, a carpenter, shot James
Reeves, a miner, here to-day. Reeves
died two hours later. The shooting
occurred on Main street, opposite the
Goldfield News office. Falkner Im
mediately gave himself up. v
He claims he shot in self-defense,
saying that Reeves had repeatedly
threatened his life.
Wyoming Senator to Be Elected.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Jan. 9.—At a
joint caucus of the Republican mem
bers of both House and Senate Clar-,
ence M. Clark was unanimously
chosen to receive the Republican
nomination for the United States Sen
ate to succeed himself. As the Legis
lature is overwhelmingly Republican
the caucus nomination Is the equiva
lent of an election.
WORKMEN SAID TO HAVE
UNEARTHED $150,000
Bic Find Reported to Have Been
Made in Iron Chest in
New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9. —A tale of re
covered hidden treasure amounting to
$150,000, according to some versions,
has become public to ornament the his
tories of sudden wealth in the recent
Bronx real estate boom.
In an old brick vault where once
stood the Theodore M. Macy mansion
workmen who are excavating are said
to have found a rusty Iron-bound chest
containing enough money to pay for
the modern apartment-house that is to
be erected. The chest is now in the
home of the owner of the ground.
The Macy mansion, with the single
exception of a clubhouse, was the last
of the many colonial homes that once
ornamented what is now the Bronx.
New California Postmasters.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.—Postmasters
were appointed . to-day as follows in
California: Josiah R. Baker at Antioch,
Hiram H. Richmond at Auburn, Hattie
B. Hanson at Cornwall, Joseph E. Ful
ton at Hueneme, Edward R. Kirk at
Sherwood, Jesse T. Clemens at Forbes
town, George M. Paynter at Groveland
and Robert T. Baines at Valley Center.
CxOIMG-1
mntm wuunn. too late m kmok.
NEWBRO'S Herpicide
The ORIOINAL remedy that "kUU the Dandruff derm "
TK* ft nkhi> **** *Wm rinifVAA.PIV * no «<*>»« dandruff scale* from a ttudent who w»*
Prof. Una*, the world's treatsst dermatologist tbtra with vaseline rubbed the same upon a {«<"*•
(ask your doctor about Mat) waa the first to dit- air and the pig became bald. Newbro s Merel
cover the atcrobk and contorious nature of true eld« Is the original dandruff germ destroyer- It
dandruff-. His discovery was verified by Dr. ' hills the ■kroblc rrowth and permits the hair to
Sabourand, of Paris, who denuded a rabbit with mm as nature Intended A wonderful hair saver,
human dandruff flakes. Also by Lesser and Bishop A delightful dressing Stops Itchtar Instantly.
6nf Sftrtt, SIJO. Uai 10c, steps, t» MERFtCIK CO., ttjL R. DefrUt, Htefc* fir t smote.
AFPI.ICATIOKS AT rBOKTjrXJTT 3ARBEK 3MOF».
COLORADO'S POLITICAL
WAR IS AT AN END
Senate's Confirmation of Two Peabody
Appointments Marks Close
of Strife.
DENVER. Jan. 9.—With the ex
ception of the contest for the Gover
norship, which will be filed by Gover
nor Peabody on Wednesday, and the
hearing of which will continue
through several weeks, the political
troubles of Colorado that are of par
ticular interest to the outside world
have" been settled and Alva Adams
will 'be Inaugurated as Governor to
morrow.
The last battle was waged to-day in
the Senate when Luther M. Goddard
of Denver and George W. Bailey of
Fort Collins, who were nominated by
Governor Peabody for the Supreme
bench, were confirmed after a hard
fight.
Chilly Reception to Gould.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.—Kingdon
Gould returned to Columbia to-day
and resumed his regular class work
undisturbed. The sophomores sus
pended for hazing him also returned
to their work and to all outward ap
pearances the incident is closed. It is
said, however, that Gould was given
a cool reception by the other students.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
COUNCIL IS READY TO CALL
THE BOND ELECTION.
Vote on Bay Citaes 9 Plan
Councilman Howard Urges the Pur
chase of Company's Plant.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 9.
The City Council to-night, after pro
tracted debate, adopted by unanimous
vote, Councilman McAdam being ab
sent, resolutions ordering the prepara
tion of an ordinance calling a bond
election for the submission of the Bay
Cities Water Company's project to sell
the city a municipal water supply.
Councilman John L. Howard read a
long paper, in which he favored making
an effort at once to get the Contra
( nsta Water Company to submit a fiat
offer to sell or within ninety days to
agree to an arbitration upon the value
of its plant if the sale figures should
not satisfy the Council. Howard strong
ly favored the purchase of the Contra
Costa plant, but said he was not in ac
cord with the company's methods of
finding a valuation. He opposed lt3
proposition to submit to a condemna
tion suit, saying that this wodld lead
to interminable litigation. Touching the
Bay Cities project as presented, Coun
cilman Howard said:
"I believe the Bay Cities Company
makes its offer in good faith, but I
am unwilling to vote to assume the
risk of tying up the city's partial pay
ments to the extent of perhaps 75 per
< ent of $3,750,000, awaiting the prob
lematical issue of litigation, which the
company's attorney is frank enough to
hay he expects.
"Unless steps are immediately taken
to change existing conditions I will
favor a contract binding the city to
TELL OF THEIR
SECRET UNION
Oswald J. Lubbock and 3liss
Irene Ausbro of Alameda
Wed and Surprise Parents
ALAMEDA. Jan. 9.—Oswald J. Lub
bock, son of City Treasurer and Mrs.
Oswald Lubbock, and Miss Irene Ans
bro, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. M. C.
Ansbro of 1608 Santa Clara avenue,
have been husband and wife since last
Monday, but their parents were not
informed of the union until yesterday,
when the young couple divulged their
secret to their relatives. The wedding
was celebrated at San Rafael, where
they went to avoid publicity.
Although the pair had been be
trothed for some time objection to
the marriage was made on the part of
the bride's parents, who desired their
daughter to delay entering the matri
monial state until later in the year.
Mr. Lubbock is well known here, hav
ing lived in this city all his life. He
Is in the employ of the southern Pa
cific Company. His bride is a pretty
t.runette, with a gracious disposition
that has endeared her to many friends.
Laundry Workers Meet.
OAKLAND, Jan. 9.—The fourth
semi-annual convention of the Laun
dry Workers of the sixth district of
California was held yesterday in Cali
fornia Hall, the following unions being
represented: Local No. 55, Alameda
County Laundry Workers of Oakland;
Local No. 26, Steam Laundry Workers
of San Francisco; Local No. 72, Steam
Laundry Workers of Stockton; Local
No. 75, Laundry Workers of Sacra
mento; Local No. 33, Steam Laundry
Workers of San Jose, and Local No.
146, Laundry Workers of Santa Rosa.
The following officers were elected
for the ensuing term: President, Carrie
Palmer. San Francisco; vice president,
L. C. W'alden, San Francisco; secre
tary, R. C. McDonald, Stockton; treas
urer, Tillie Walter, Oakland; sergeant
at arms. Robert Ewing. The dirtctors
chosen were A. D. Giger, Oakland; W.
G. Thomas, Sacramento; Charles
Rosenhall, San Jose; R. C. McDonald,
Stockton, and Mr. Farrell of San
Francisco.
TO FIGHT VACCINATION LAW.—Berke
ley. Jan. a.—W. T. Baxley, representing; the
Berkeley branch of the Anti-Compulsory Vac
cination League, has gone to Sacramento to
work in the interest of bills which his league
has prepared. The bills include amendments
to the present compulsory vaccination law.
State Senator F. W. Leavltt is to present the
amendments in the Senate.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HE HAD FAITH
And It Was Justified.
"In reply to your letter of recent date
will say that I am cured as sound as a
dollar. I used about three of the fifty-'
cent packages. I was going to write
you, but was holding up to see If the
plies would give me any further
trouble. I feel no signs of the piles
and believe I am cured entirely. I had
faith in Pyramid Pile Cure at the start
end stuck right to the treatment. You
can refer any one to me you like. I
can soon tell what Pyramid Pile Cure
has done for me. Washing you much
success I remain, J. C. Kinkaid, Mgr
lor Fleischman & Co., agency at Knox
ville, Term."
It is a well reoggnlzed fact that the
best advertising In article can have is
that which is known as "word of
mouth"; this rightfully carries more
weight than an the claims which can
be set forth. It follows that Mr. Kin
kaid, with his wide acquaintance, will
largely promote the sale and use of
Pyramid Pile Cure because—and here
is the vital point—he knows whereof
he speaks and not only advocates Its
use but does so with enthusiasm; this
It not to be wondered at, and in point
ni fact can any one, after reading his
letter, doubt that this remedy cures?
Pyramid Pile Cure is sold by drug
gists for the low price of fifty cents a
package; it is in suppository form, is
applied directly to the parts affected
und does its work quickly and pain
lessly; there is no other remedy "just
as good."
A little book describing the causes
and cure of piles is published by Pyra-'
mid Drug Co.. Marshall, Mich., and
".111 be sent free to any address for the
taking.
accept and to pay for such a plant
when it is completed and ready to turn
over free and clear. Further, in recog
nition of the practice of making pro
gress payments, I would agree to allow
them interest on such progress pay
ments as would be made by the city if
the proposition itself were free from
the serious attack that is admitted to
be Impending.
"I am willing to vote, both as an offi
cial and a citizen, for any safe business
proposition that will give the city an
assured supply of water and thus re
lieve the tension of the public mind.
Let the Bay Cities Company in some
way compose its difficulties with ad
verse claimants, or so assert Its rights
that its decks will be cleared, and then
come to us with a proposal that is free
from doubt and safe from attack, that
will give water and not the possibility
of delay or the certainty of litigation.
We want both water and peace because
we are sick of strife."
Howard said he voted for the resolu
tions with reservation. Councilmen
Dornin, Elliott and Pendleton said they
believed the time past for arbitration;
that the citizens had called for the sub
mission of the Bay Cities plan. Attor
ney R. M. Fitzgerald for the Bay Cities
Company declared that if the bonds*
carried the company would pay the
cost of the election if the City Attorney
should not pass favorably upon its
titles to watersheds and rights. City
Engineer Turner submitted an approx
imate cost of the plant at $3,750,000 and
the distributing system $1,950,000, total
$5,700,000.
APPOINTS NEW
COMMISSIONER
Board of Supervisors Names
J. Fred Seulberger as
Successor of P. J. Keller
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 9.
j The Board of Supervisors to-day re
! oiganized for the new session, Super
, visors Rowe, Homer, Kelly and Tal
cott being present. The most impor
tant business of the meeting was the
appointment of J. Fred Seulbfrger as
I Horticultural Commissioner of this
, district, to succeed P. J. Keller, whose
term expires on January 31. The an
, nual report of Commissioner Keller
i was read and ordered filed. The newly
S appointed Horticultural Commissioner
j is one of the best-known florists In this
city and is thoroughly qualified to take
! charge of the district,
j On petition of the Claremont Country
I Club several roads through the club's
! Rockridge Park property were closed
to public use. The roads were dedi
cated to the county many years ago
by the. filing of the map of Rockridge,
but they had never been built nor ac
cepted for public use-
DEATH CALLS TWO PIONEER
RESIDENTS OF OAKLAND
Mrs. Margaret Keegan and Edward H.
Lenox Pass Away—James v
McCarthy Dead.
OAKLAND, Jan. 9.—Mrs. Margaret
Keegan, who for more than fifty years
had been a resident of this city, died
last night at her home, 724 Adeline
street, aged 75 years. Mrs. Keegan
ccme to California fifty-three years
ago with her husband, the late Tim
othy Keegan, coming around Cape
Horn in a sailing vessel. Mrs. Keegan
was an aunt of N. J. Collins of 587
Twenty-fifth street. The funeral will
be held at 9 a. m. Wednesday from
St. Fdancis de Sales Church.
Edward Henry Lenox, aged 77 years,
died yesterday at the King's Daugh
ters' Home after an Illness of two
months. Mr. Lenox was one of the
oldest residents of California, having
crossed the plains in 1843. For the
last thirty-five years he had resided in
this city. He leaves a widow and four
children, J. R., B. H., E. P. and Miss
Eleanor Lenox. The funeral will be
held at 2 p. m. to-morrow from the
Twenty-third-avenue Baptist Church
under the auspices of the Society of
California Pioneers.
James McCarthy, who for the last
year had been night watchman at the
courthouse, died to-day at his resi
dence, 1712 Adeline street, aged 81
yj.ars. Death was caused by pleuro
pneumonia.
VAN HORNS COMPROMISE
CUSTODY OF THEIR SON
Habeas Corpus Proceedings Bring
About an Understanding Between
the Father and Mother.
OAKLAND, Jan. 9.—The principals
in the celebrated Van Horn divorce
case confronted each other in court
this afternoon in a struggle over their
13-year-old son, Willis, a compro
mise was effected between the father
and mother through an arrangement
whereby the child Is to visit the fath
er on each Saturday in San Francisco.
Mrs. Marion Van Horn and the
child were in court in answer to a writ
of habeas corpus sued out by her ex
husband, Ross Van Horn, for
merly a San Rafael school
teacher, to get the custody of
the child given him by the decree
awarding him the divorce. With con
siderable feeling and some tears Mrs. |
Van Horn, In answer to her husband's
accusation that he had not been al
lowed to see the child, told the court
that she- could not have him coming
around to her home at 2222 Bancroft
way in Berkeley. Judge W. E. Greene
intimated that such conduct was quite
improper; on the other hand he
warned both sides that all feeling
must be eliminated from the settling
of the case and finally a compromise
was arrived at.
I >
BAKERS ELECT OFFICERS. — Oakland
Jan. 9.—Local 119 of the Bakers* Union has
elected officers for the next term. These
chO*en "were*: President, John Murphy; vice
presldem, David Burkhard; recording 'secre
tary, Adolph Lee; financial secretary. Hugo
Brunlger; guard, John Luckcnniu.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1905.
GRAND JURORS
BEGIN INQUIRY
They Hold Their First Ses
sion and Will Investi
gate the County Offices
EVIDENCE IS WEAK
Inquisitors Informed That
It Would Be Useless to
Indict Four Ex-Policemen
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 9.
The new Grand Jury held its first ses
, sion this morning and has begun the
i work laid out for it. District Attorney
! Allen and Judge S. P. Hall were before
'it in regard to the recent police scan- j
dal, and the matter of taking any ac-
I tion is still under advisement. In his
• address to the jury upon its impanel- !
! ment Judge Hall called attention to the j
i published accounts of the police scan
> dal and said that it was a proper sub- i
' Ject for investigation.
The District Attorney is of the opin- J
ion that if indictments are found no
prosecution would be successful, as the |
only evidence against Sergeant Clark i
! and Policemen Stahl, Hamerton and
Andrews is their own confessions, given
under promise of immunity from prose- I
cution in consideration of their hand- i
ing in their resignations to the Chief of •
Police and the threat that if they did
not the entire matter - would be pub
lished. Such a confession could not be
introduced as evidence, and there is no
other evidence against them.
The thefts charged against the police
men were done in such a way that the
owners of the stores themselves were
not aware In many instances that any
thing had been taken until the confes
sions were made public, and so far no
witnesses have been found willing to
go before the Grand Jury and make
complaint.
The matter of appointing an expert
to investigate the accounts of the coun
ty offices was laid over until the next
meeting, which will be held next Tues
day.
PRESIDENT WHEELER'S TOUR
NOW ALMOST COMPLETE
Head of University Concludes Work
in Coast Cities—Address to
Farmers.
BERKELEY, Jan. 9. —President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler is to return to
his offices at the university to-mor
row, according to announcement made
by his secretary to-day. The presi
dent has been absent from the uni
versity for ten days, his trip including
visits to Sacramento, Santa Barbara
and other coast cities.
The annual farmers' institute at
Santa Barbara last week had on its
list of speakers the name of President
Wheeler. He spoke of the univer
sity's work for the agricultural Inter
ests of the State and Its activities in
general, pointing out its value to each
section of the State's population.
At Sacramento President Wheeler
conferred with Governor Pardee re
garding ' the appropriation bills in
which the university is interested.
Chief of these was the appropriation
for a new agricultural building, to
cost $25,000. President Wheeler was
accompanied by a committee of re
gents when he called upon the Gov
ernor, all of the matters broached at
the interview being such as have been
given the approval of the board of
regents.
EXTINGUISHES FIRE BY
JUMPING INTO ESTUARY
Judd Durkee, Burned by an Explo
sion of Gasoline, Displays
Presence of Mind.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 9.—After he had
been severely burned about the hands
and face through the explosion of a
painter's gasoline furnace and his
clothes ignited by the blazing fluid,
Judd Durkee of 1152 Regent street
retained presence of mind enough to
jump into the estuary from the yawl
Gipsy and save himself from what
might have proved fatal injuries. It
was while Durkee was engagad In
burning old paint from the boat yes
terday preparatory to giving the craft
a new coat that the accident hap
pened. The explosion was caused by
a defect in the gasoline furnace. Dud
ley Gresham of 1114 Regent street,
who was working near Durkee when
the explosion took place, received sev
eral minor burns.
RANCHER DECLARES
THAT HE WAS ROBBED
Says a Trio of Thugs Beat Him Into
Unconsciousness and Took
Purseful of Gold.
OAKLAND, Jan. 9.—With his head
swathed in bandages and nursing his
painful wounds, James Wall, a ranch
er from Dixon, complained to-day to
Chief of Police Hodgkins that he had
been sandbagged Saturday night near
Sixteenth-street station by three
thugs, who robbed him of $200. Wall
declares that from the time he was
beaten into insensibility he remem
bered nothing until he regained con
sciousness in the Harbor Hospital in
San Franrisco.
The police of Oakland have inves
tigated Wall's- story and find that no
train arrived in Oakland from Dixon
at the time he says he was robbed and
If anything of the kind happened it
must have been in San Francisco.
OYSTERS PAY EXPENSES.—Attorney W.
P. Hubbard petitioned the Supreme Court yes
terday to Jirect Judge Murasky to hear the
action instituted by R> H. Ccuntryrrian against
directors of an Alameda County oyster com
pany. The plaintiff avers he was elected a
director of the corporation, but other members
of the board deny his assertions. The bivalves
handled by this one firm are furnishing enough
profit to finance five separate pieces of litiga
tion.
NON-SUIT GRANTED. —Judge Hunt yes
terday granted a non-suit In favor of the
defendant in the action of Irene White For
mnn against Claus Spreckels for damages foi
injuries alleged to have been sustained by
the explosion of a heater In the Claiis Bpreckels
building. The plaintiff's case, as presented to
the Jury, made it apparent that the defendant
was not liable.
HURT HIS PEBUNOS.—John T. Scully
yesterday Sued for $10,000 damages for in
jury to Mi credit, feelings and reputation oc
casioned by an alleged false arrest on Novem
ber 14. The defendants, are Policeman John
Carleson, the Market Street Bank and its pay
ing teller, J. C. Foster, who caused the plaint
iff to be taken Into custody. He was im
prisoned for two hours, he says, without
cause.
HOLDS TWENTY NOTES.—Suit to recover
118,887 25 on twenty promissory notes to dif
ferent holders was ■ begun yesterday against
th* Areola Consolidated Oil Company by-
Llewellyn H. Bartlett, who was engaged by
the company to negotiate loans in Boston.
Besides the money loaned Bartlett demands
$1000. which be says was promised for his
service*.
KIDNAPS SON
ON THE STREET
Mrs. Cecelia Killian Knocks
Down Mother-in-Law and
Takes Away Child by Force
CROWD SEES STRUGGLE
Divorce Proceedings Pend
ing Between the Parents
and Father Had Kept Boy
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 9.
Without waiting for a process of the
law to give her custody of her two
year-old son, Mrs. Cecelia Klllian took
the Infant away from her mother-in
law, Mrs. Rose Killian, on a public
thoroughfare this afternoon. The elder
Mrs. Killian was about to board an
Eighth street car at Broadway when
she was fiercely attacked by the mother
of the child and knocked down. In the
struggle which ensued, and which was
witnessed by many people, both women
lost their hats and were generally
tousled.
There is a divorce suit pending be
tween the young Mrs. Killian and her
husband. During the the
proceedings the mother-in-law has had
the custody of the child. The mother
has been waiting just such an oppor
tunity to get her child as was presented
this afternoon. She fought like a tigress.
She was accompanied by her father,
John Madden, who stood a passive
spectator of the struggle between the
two women, allowing his daughter to
take her own. He accompanied her up
the street after she had taken the
child, and said that his daughter's hus
band was a habitual drunkard and that
she was suing him for a divorce upon
that ground.
BONNIE MAID
IS HOSTESS AT
MERRY AFFAIR
ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE
OAKLAND, Jan. 9.—A birthday Is always
an important event In the life of every child,
and until one's teens are reached birthdays
fctrctch away to the future, so far, far apart.
Then, as the years roll on, the birthdays seem
to tread one on the heels of the other, closer
and closer, until that last one when we are
born again Into a new and everlasting life.
For little Fiosle Duncan, the daughter of
Mrs. Robert Duncan, these great days are still
few and far between, and an indulgent mother
trios to make each happier and brighter than
the preceding one. This afternoon Miss Floste
celebrated her tenth anniversary and over half ;
a hundred chl'dren helped to weave the day
into an already glittering crown of happy
memories.
In the glow of the rose-shaded lights that
Illuminated Maple Hall the children danced,
made merry and enjoyed the Impromptu pro
gramme of fancy dances and songs rendered
by several clever little ones. To the delight
of every one Kendall Fellows and Elmer Booth,
the latter the children's matinee Idol just now,
were Miss Ftoele'a guests. Mr. Kendall told
some of his inimitable Chinese stories, with his
audience crowded closely and eagerly about
him.
At a late hour the little hostess led the way
to the lower hall, where the real "party" be
gan, for there, on tables glowing with red
lights and flowers, were all the "goodies" that
apreal most to the inner Juvenile. The round
table, over which the bonnie little hostess pre
sided, was exquisitely decorated. A cloud of
red tulle occupied the center of the table, from
the midst of which rose a tall cutglass vase
filled with potnsettlas.
Altogether the day was one that will long
be remembered by Miss Duncan and her little
friends, among the latter being Miss Belle
Shiels, Miss Edith Benjamin, Miss Clara
Shlels. Miss Enid Foote, Miss Bessie Dargle.
Mi« 3 Jane Scupham, Miss Dorothy Stone, Miss
Etta Schrok, Miss Dorothy Capwell. Miss Ber
nice Collins, Miss Irene Collins, Miss Eliza
beth Collins. Miss Bernice Bromwell, Miss
Blanche Mills. Miss Rosalie Ogdcn, Miss Ruth
Burchard. Miss Ruth Vincent, Miss Phyllis
Capwell. Miss Gladys Maxwell, Miss Frankie
Pierce, Miss Phyllis Lovell. Miss Grace Owing,
Miss Bessie Goodwell, Miss Mignon Wilson!
Miss Helen Dabney, Miss Carol Nicholson,
Miss Mabelle Nichols, Miss Eleanor Bennett,
Miss Dorothy Edwards, Miss Helen Barnes,
Miss Anna Barbor, Miss Doris Bornemann,
Miss Jeanette Hoagland, Miss Lizzie Smith,
Miss Helen Ghirarielli, Miss Coral Edes, Miss
Helen Taft, Miss Vera yon der Ropp and Miss
Margaret Edee; Dalllba Thomson, Earl Baker,
Don McClure, Carleton Mills, Mai Dargle,
Dick McClure. Allen Star.dlsh. Harold yon der
Ropp, Will Morrow, Albert Barker, Tom Eg
bert, Hewlett Benjamin. Martin Capwell, Basil
Crowley and Arnold Carleton.
* • *
A large reception at the home of Mr. and
Mrs. McClunl* this evening marked the pass
ing of their twenty-fifth wedding anniversary.
Mr. McClunle Is well known In Oakland, hav
ing been the maager of one of the departments
In Taft & Pennoyer's for many years, and, as
be and his wife have long been residents of
this city, they have many warm friends here
who were present to congratulate them this
evening. The residence was prettily decorated
In pink and lavender. They were assisted in
receiving by Mrs. O. T. Wilson, Mrs. Frank
Mergulre, Mrs. George W. Arper. Mrs. Wil
liam Kldd, Mrs. William Church and Mrs.
Gussie Bergmann.The bride of a quarter of a
century wore a handsome gown of silver gray
cloth and heavy white lace, and the other la
dles of the receiving party were also richly
gowned, Mrs. Arper, Mrs. Church and Mrs.
Kldd being In white and Mrs. Mergulre in pink.
Mrs. Bergmann's gown was of black lace over
orange silk.
♦ • *
Mrs. James A. Johnson's card party to-day
was a brilliant affair, among those present
being: Mrs. C. W. Armes, Mrs. E. J. Bar
rett. Mrs. Cunningham, Mrs. Van Horn Cooiey,
Miss Annie Farrier, Mrs. J. D. French, Mrs.
Therese Gaytes, Mrs. George B. M. Gray, Mrs.
William Grucnhagcn, Miss Mary Heaton, Mrs.
Frank Hurd, Mrs. James Sheppard Jenks, Mrs.
M. L. Johnson, Mrs. C. W. Kinsey, Mrs.
George S. Lackle, Mrs. Irving C. Lewis. Mrs.
H. L Martin, Mrs. William Moller. Mrs. Ed
win Morrison. Mrs. E. D. Williams. Mrs. R.
H. Allen, Miss Eleanor Johnson. Mrs. Charles
Cornell, Mrs. William Leach, Mrs. EmiMlus
baumer. Dr. Pauline Nusbaumer, Mrs. Frank
Ogden, Mrs. Charles Parcells, Miss Charlotte
Plsyter, Mrs. George Rodolph, Mrs. Charles
Rodolph Mrs. Charles Rowe. Mrs. J. R. Scup
ham. Mrs. George M. Shaw, Mrs. L. Porter,
Mrs. Fred D. Taylor, Mrs. F. A. Webster,
Mrs. E. D. Yorker. Mrs. John Yule. Mrs. Mol
lis Melvln Dewing, Mrs. Will McKee. Mrs. i
George Winchester, Mrs. F. P. Winchester, I
Mrs. Frank Henry Melvln, Miss Mary Morse.
Mr*. I". E. Wells. Mrs. C. B. Parcells, Mrs.
Miller. Mrs. R. H. Chamberlain. Mrs. James
Pond, Mrs. F. M. Smith. Miss Mary Snell.
Miss Sarah Snell. Miss Elizabeth Scupham,
Mrs. Edna Poulson and Mrs. Robert Wallace.
• • •
The engagement of Miss Mar Manning, the
daughter of Mrs. Margaret Manning of 1446
Filbert street, and Clarence T. Braun, man
ager of the Rraun Manufacturing Company of
Berkeley, has just been announced. The wed
ding is to take place early In the spring. The
ceremony will be performed at the Manning
home and will he a quiet affair. The young
people, both of whom are well known In this
city, will spend their honeymoon In the south,
after whloh they will make their home in
Oakland. Mr. Braun Is the son of Mrs. Louisa
Braun of 1131 Filbert street.
Hold-Up Pans Out Poorly.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 9.—John Rodrl- |
gues, a cook, employed at Frank
Smith's restaurant, was- held up to
night at 9:15 o'clock on Blanding
avenue, near the tidal canal bridge, by
a lone footpad, armed and masked.
He was relieved of 25 cents, all he
had in his pockets. Rodrlgues' purse
was secreted In his shoe and was not
discovered by the highwayman. The
robber is described as being about 25 '
years of age. He * wore a dark suit
and black hat. This is the second
hold-up to occur at the same place
within ten days.
MORRIS ISSUES
NEW CIRCULAR
Director and Former Cashier
of Central Bank Fires Sec
ond Gun in His Attack
SCORES VICE PRESIDENT
Charge of Forgery and Fraud
Is Made Against Officer
of Important Institution
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 9.
The second gun in the fight among
| the stockholders of the Central Bank
was fire dto-night when S. H. Morris,
the - recently retired cashier and a
director of that institution, issued an
other circular to the stockholders of
the bank. Morris was for a while cash
ier of the bank, and after his retire
ment from that office he remained as a
director. He is still one of the largest
stockholders, if not the largest single
stockholder. In the big financial con
j cern, but he is fighting the manage
ment.
He fired the first gun two weeks ago,
when he issued a circular that stirred
Oakland to its financial center. The
stockholders of the bank answered his
circular by meeting and removing him
; from office as a director. Now Morris
has mailed to every stockholder in the
bank a circular letter that is bitter to
the last degree against W. G. Palman
teer, the vice president and general
manager of the bank. The charge of
forgery that Is made against Palman
teer In this circular has been inves
tigated by the directors of the bank,
and Thomas Crellin, the president of
the Institution, is the authority for the
statement that it has been thoroughly
inquired into and disapproved. The
majority of the stockholders are with
Palmanteer in this fight, but Morris,
who holds the largest single block of
stock, still keeps up the fight In his
circulars. The latest circular issued by
Morris Is as follows:,
OAKLAND, Cal.. Jan. 8.
To the stockholders of Central Bank: I was
director In the Central Bank for several years,
and at the last annual meeting of the stock
holders I was turned out by the use of forged
and fraudulent votes. I was naturally very
indignant when I discovered that W. G. Pal
manteer was the perpetrator of these unlaw
ful and dastardly crimes. I now denounce
and charge W. G. Palmanteer with willful
and deliberate forgery in connection with the
affairs of the Central Bank.
I further charge him with manipulating and
using forged and fraudulent proxies at the
annual meeting of stockholders held In March
last, and with the further Iniquity of falsify
ing the records of the Central Bank. Forgery
is the criminal's most potent weapon. The pen
in the hands of a forger (though at times it
may only make an X) Is more feared than any
competitors, and It requires eternal vigi
lance to guard ourselves from Its secret and
dangerous attacks.
A bank officer's reputation for honesty. In
tegrity and business probity should of all In
dividuals be above reproach. When he Jug
gles with the affairs of the bank and violates
the laws of the State, when he resorts to for
gery, ballot stuffing, falsification of records,
intrigue and other reprehensible practices that
if known would bring ruin and disaster In
their wake, it is time for the stockholders of
this bank who possess the old-fashioned
standard of business morality to take such
steps as will safeguard the interest' of the de
positors and patrons of this Institution. The
retention of a forger at the head of this insti
tution «fter the exposure of his unlawful and
dangerous practices will be a constant re
proach and menace to the prosperity and safety
of this bank.
What I ask and desire is that the stock
holders of this institution attend In person
the annual meeting to be held January 10, 1905,
and after learning the exact state of affairs
take such action as Is necessary to purge the
Institution of the criminal element; eliminate
all taint of wrongdoing and erect on the ruins
of forgery, fraud and corruption a standard
of honesty, probity and Integrity unsullied
by the taint of crime and uncontamlnated by
any act of trickery or deceit.
H 8. MORRIS. 1105 Jackson at.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
ARTIST GOES TO JAlL.—Oakland, Jan. 9.
Ernest Tempset Tysol. who rates himself as an
?rtist, was sent to the City Prison for three
months to-day for stealing wearing apparel
from L. A. Sunol.
HOLD MAN AS SUSPECT.—Oakland, Jan.
9.—Ed Williams, or Ed Miller, arrested under
suspicion as a burglar in San Francisco, has
been handed over to the Oakland police for
investigation In relation to recent hold-ups In
this city.
STABLE BURNED.—Oakland. Jan. 9.— H.
C. Hermansen's livery stable, 607 East Fif
teenth St., was burned this morning at 1:30
o'clock. One hundred tons of hay were de
stroyed. All of the horses and vehicles were
saved. The loss was $2000.
FIRE DAMAGES NEW HOUSE.—San Le
andro. Jan. 9.—A new house owned by Deputy
County Clerk Toney Rogers was partly de
stroyed by fire last night, the damage amount
ing to about $1500. The origin of the blase Is
a mystery. as there was no Are In the house.
FILE BIG CLAlM:—Oakland, Jan. 9.—The
German Savings and Loan Society has filed
claims aggregating $105,000 against the es
tate of the late Charles R. Lloyd. One Is for
$77,500 borrowed * money and the other for
$13,000 due on the purchase of property In
Ban Bernardino. .
MARRIAGE LICENSES.—OakIand, Jan.
9. —The following marriage licenses were Is
sued by the County Clerk to-day: Fred J.
Ranzona, 25, and Florence L. Pitts, 19, both
of San Francisco; Wellington S Werrln 22,
Oakland, and Ray Sommers, 19. Virginia City;
Fsursablro Okada, 30, and Taml Higuchi, 23,
both cf Oakland.
BAYS THIEF STOLE CONTRACTS.—Oak
land. Jan. 9.—George J. Hansen, proprietor of
an employment agency at 1108 Webster street,
has complained to the police that a thief haa
stolen a lot of employment contracts from his
place of business, with which swindling of
men out of work has been accomplished. De
tectives are looking for the suspected man,
who collect fees from several men on the
fraudulent orders.
HAY WARDS CARPENTERS ELECT.—Hay -
wards, Jan. 9.—Carpenters" Union No. 815 of
Hay wards has elected the following- officers for
the ensuing term: President, G. Toyne; vice
president. H. Bockner; financial secretary W
T. Allen; treasurer, J. B. Lewis; recording
secretary, G. Toyne; conductor, A. Williams
warden, N. T. Sturtevant; trustees, Fred Men
ken. H. Bockner and A. Chase. G. Toyne and
N. T. Sturtevant were elected delegates to the
District Council for the term.
SPRING VALLEY GIVEN TlME.—Oakland
Jan 6. —By stipulation between attorneys for
Mrs. Jane R. Clough and the Bprlng Valley
Water Company an extension of thirty days
was given the attorneys for the com
pany to prepare a statement on motion for a
new trial. An injunction was granted Mrs
Clough, and her attorneys, T. C. Huxley and
William R. Davis, were allowed a $25,000 fee
each for prosecuting the famous ditch com
pany case.
MILL VALLEY MASONS.—MiII Valley
Lodge No. 356 of the Free and Accepted Ma
scns has had the following elected and ap
pointed officers installed for the current Ma
sonic year by the retiring master, assisted by
Past Master G. F. Rodden of Marin Lodge
No. 199 as master of ceremonies: Louis L.
James, master; James Newlands Jr.. senior
warden: Samuel Burt, Junior warden; John
Burt, treasurer; Charles Brochhoff, secretary;
Rev. Henry Howitt, chaplain; Thomas T.
Greaves, senior deacon; William G. Bhellwood,
junior deacon; H. B. Westcott, senior steward;
AlonftO Coffin, Junior steward; George A. Urqu
hart, tyler.
JUDGE MURASKY WILL DEClDE.—Mar
garet Seals, the pretty fourteen-year-old girl,
who left her employment at the fruit store of
D. Liapis owing to Llapls' annoying atten
tions to her, was taken before Police Judge
Cabanlss yesterday. He decided that he had
no jurisdiction and suggested that the girl he
taken before the Juvenile Court. The girl's
mother insisted upon her rights, but the girl
objected strongly to being placed in her
mother's power again. Miss Stebblns, the pro
bationary officer of the Juvenile Court, hat
promised to procure a suitable position for
the girl, who will be taken before Judge
Muraaky to-day.
SAYS CHARGES
ARE UNFOUNDED
Oakland City Council Exon
erates Associated Chari
ties From Accusations
IS WORTHY INSTITUTION
Funds Have All Been Ex
pended in Right Manner
and Investigation Is Made
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
1016 Broadway, Jan. 9.
The City Council to-night dismissed j
the charges filed by Mrs. Agnes Burke
Sheppard against the Associated Char- ,
Ities and fully exonerated the officials
of the organisation. The charges of
Mrs. Sheppard were declared to be en- j
tirely without foundation and unworthy
of further consideration.
The Auditing and Finance Committee
of the Council, by which the charges j
against the Associated Charities were j
investigated, submitted the following
report this evening:
The undersigned members of the Auditing
and Finance Committee visited the rooms of
the Associated Charities in order to examine
into the system pursued by that beneficiary
of the city. i
We found that the president of the assocla- i
tion is B. H. Pendleton, a member of this [
Council. Hia associates are Rev. Charles R. i
Brown, Rev. Charles W. Walkley and John D. I
Isaacs. This fact in itself warrants the be
lief in a conscientious supervision of the so
ciety's affairs.
That the secretary and the executive of the
association Is Miss Anita C. Whitney, a re
fined lady of manifest executive ability.
That receipts *nd warrants are Issued for
all sums received and expended and that from
the stubs of such books debit and credit en
tries are made in a cash book. This cash book
Is checked in detail at the end of each three
months by D. Edward Collins, a member of
the association, whose certificate of correct
ness appears on such said cash book. Owing
to this fact the committee did not make a
detailed audit..
That for the character of the work Intended
to be done by the society, the system pursued
commends itself to us and that the society
itself is a praiseworthy enterprise.
That the attack upon the society, which
was the cause of our visit, is entirely unwar
ranted, apparently personal In character and
with the manifest motive of seeking notoriety.
In our Judgment it is entirely unworthy of
further attention by us.
JOHN L. HOWARD,
EDWIN MEESE.
Oakland. January 9, 1905.
WILLIAM B. COLLIER
SUCCEEDS W. A. DEANE
Well Known Capitalist Is Appointed
Superintendent of the Local
Indian Warehouse.
William B. Collier, the well known
local capitalist, was advised yesterday
by wire from Washington of his ap
pointment to the position of superin
tendent of the Indian warehouse in
this city. He succeeds the late Wil
liam A. Deane, who was appointed to
the superintendeney only a few
months before his death.
The appointment was made on the
recommendation of the late Commis
sioner of Indian Affairs, W. A. Jones,
and being a departmental one, it is
not subject to the confirmation of the
Senate. Superintendent Collier is a
brother-in-law of Secretary Hitchcock
and was formerly engaged in ranching
In Northern California.
PERSONAL.
N. O. Haltburg of San Jose Is at the
Grand.
R. A. Smith of Seattle is a guest at
the St. Francis.
Attorney A. F. Boynton of Orovllle
is at the Grand.
C. E. Lilly, a Santa Cruz business
man, is at the California.
Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Wright of Lew
iston, Mont., are at the Palace.
Dr. M. Schnabel and family, of
Newcastle, are at the California.
Dr. G. F. Hamilton of Taranza,
Ark., is registered at the Palace.
John W. Considine, Seattle's lead
ing sporting man, is at the Palace.
W. C. Ward, a prominent resident
of Detroit, is at the St. Francis.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the
St. Francis was Dr. C. D. Gray of St.
Louis.
E. B. Partridge, one of Livermore's
wealthiest residents, is staying at the
Grand. »
R. B. Marshall of the United States
Geological Survey, is registered at the
Occidental.
Supervisor Thomas F. Finn is con
fined to his home with a severe attack
of pneumonia.
W. H. Holabird. a well known lum
berman of Los Angeles, is among the
latest arrivals at the Palace.
Lady Tupper, wife of Sir Charles H.
Tupper, who Is here as representa
tive of Mrs. Joan Dunsmuir In the
Dunsmuir will contest, arrived from
Vancouver yesterday to Join her hus
band.
John B. Read, one of the best
known newspaper men in Montana,
who usually spends several months
each year in San Francisco, arrived
from Butte yesterday and is staying
at the Palace.
H. A. Wright of the grain broker
age firm of Yates & Wright, who is a
well-known crack amateur billiard
ist, leaves for Chicago to-day to par
ticipate in the forthcoming amateur
billiard tournament there, and will be
absent four or five weeks. He will be
accompanied by W. H. Slgourney, the
attorney, also a well-known billiard
ist.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9—The following
Californians arrived in New York to
day:
From San Francisco—R. s. Britton,
at the Woodward; C. E. Elkington, at
the Cadillac; J. C.« Seasholz, at the St.
Denis; W. W. Stettheimer and wife, at
the Netherland; Mrs. B. Watternian,
at the Cadillac: C. Bachem, at the Ash
land; Mrs. E. E. Bradley, at the New
Amsterdam; J. W. Ellsworth at the
Astor; S. E. Farmer, at the Kensing
ton; Q. Kraus, at the Cadillac; E. A.
Powell, at the Imperial.
From Los Angeles—J. W. Cheney, at
the Continental; J. p. Davenport, at
the Criterion; R. W. Vincent, at the
Imperial.
Lip Split by Falling Gaspipe.
George Franklin, a plumber, resid
ing at 3725 Twenty-third street, while
at work at 4 Montgomery street yes
terday forenoon, was hit on the mouth
and his lip split open by a piece of
gaspipe, which fell from an upper
floor. He was removed to the Emer
gency Hospital, where Dr. Kucich
closed the wound.
Worry is the longest, roughest road
to success.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
MONDAY. JANUARY 9.
H. B and Susie L. Belden (wife) and Georg*
and Emily Fake (wife) to Richard F. Lew -
lot on 8E comer of Dwtnelle and Edwa- in
streets projected E, S 60, E 143.98. N"VV 80...:..
W 100 to beginning, portion lot 1, amende!
map College Heights Oakland (recorded Jan
uary 7. 11(06); $10.
H. B. and Susie I*. Belden (wife) to lim«,
all interest in lot at Intersection of 8 line '
Edward street extended E with E line of EK\
nelle, E 100 by N 00, Oakland, quitclaim d< I
(recorded January 7, 1906): $tO.
Harvey S. Huntington to Eusebla N. Hun-
Ington (wife), lots 6 to 9, block 30, Whltch r
map. portion tract 406. Oakland Point, except
ing from lot 0 portion formerly sold to Uun-I
Huntington January 2, 1868, Oakland; gift.
Same to same, lot on N line of Wood street,
67:6 N of Taylor, N 67:6 by \V 142:6. being N
half of lots 37 to 39, block 408, •fw'hltcliera
map, Oakland: gift. »
Nicholas and Matilda Ohlandt (wife) and
Henry and Catherine Ohlandt (wife), John A.
and Mary M. Buck (wife) to Edwin W. Nelson,
Ra<oc N. Kerr, Ole Bernhua (trustee* Our
Savior's Danish Evangelical Lutheran Church,
a corporation), lot on 8 line of Athens avenue,
216 W of San Pablo. W 75 by 8 92, lot* 11. I*,
and E half of lot 13, Cordes Tract, Oakland;
910. »
Harlow P. Bancroft to Abe Enieterio Ber
ryessa, lot on S line of Fifty-fourth or So
noma street, 257.43 W of Genoa, W 40 by %
135, lot 8, block O, map Santa Fe Tract 4,
Oakland, deed and agreement; $10.
Catherine M. Roberts (widow) to Joseph
Ernest Abreu, lot on NE line of East Twenty
second street, 177:6 SE of Nineteenth avenue,
SE 50 by NE 140, lots 53 and 54. block 7;.
map of resuhdlvlslon of blocks 73, N addi
tion to Brooklyn, East Oakland: $5.
John C. Hays to Alfred A. Cohen, all In
terest in the following: E half of Versailles
avenue, betwesm Buena Vista and Central
avenues; W hafr of said Versailles avenue, ad
joining block 7. between Buena Vista and
Lincoln avenues; S half of Buena Vista ave
nue, adjoining said block 7; S half of Buena
Vista avenue, extending W from Pearl street
to center of block 6; all that street known as
Pearl street between Buena Vista and Lincoln
avenues; N half of Lincoln avenue, extending
W from Versailles avenue to center of block
6; 8 half of Lincoln avenu*. extending W from
Pearl street to center of block 5; S half of
Lincoln avenue, adjoining lots 1 and 2, block
2: W half of Broadway, adjoining lots 1 and -.
block 2; W half of Pearl street, adjoining lots
14 to 20, block 9. Alameda: $1.
Henry C Campbell to Walter. A. Orahm. lot
on S line of Twenty-ninth street, 200.70 W of
Walsworth avenue, W 45 by 8 115, portion of
lot 21. map of subdivision of lot 3. Walsworth
100-acrc tract, etc., Oakland; $10.
Arthur H. and Caroline H. Breed to Euraney
Cook (wife of Thomas), lot 1(K) and W 15 feet
of lot lOOVs. amended map of resubdivislon of
Mosswood tract, Oakland; $10.
Lewis Tashelra (married) to Anna L. Tash
elra (wife), lot on SE line of Orange street.
220 SW of Pern. SE 116.22. SW 64.15, XX
117.70. to SE line of Orange street, thence NE
63.15 to beginning, lot 4. block L. map Flint
tract No. 2, portion of Oakland Heights. Oak
land; gift.
Mary E. and H. C. Morris (husband and as
attorney) to T. W. Stone, lot on E line of
Pearl street. 356.68 S of Ruby. E 107, S 37.
etc.. W 96, N 35, to beginning, portion of lots
33 and 34, map American Investment Union
tract No. L Oakland; $10.
Joseph Hunt (widower) to Francisco Ouldo
(married), lot on NE line of East Twenty
fifth street. 202:6 NW of Twenty-first avenue.
NW 25 by NE 140. lot 36. block 84, map of
lots in Brooklyn; $10.
Albert M. and Martha A. Wapple to Charles
O. Dull, .lot on S line of Woolsey street. 53:14
E from' w boundary line of Hawley trart.
thence SE 135.455. E 41:57. NW ISI.4HOK
41..':7. lot 14, Hawley tract (Berkeley and
land). Berkeley: $100.
Arthur H. and Myrtle H. Oble tn Netta A.
Jones, lot on SE corner of Mllvla ana Lincoln
streets, E 33. 8 90, W 39:33. N 91:10, portion
of lots 5 and 6. block B, map Golden Gate
Homestead. Berkeley: $10.
J. A. and Emily V. Marshall (wife) to John
E. Blgelow. lot on E line of Cherry street. HO
S of Stuart, S 80 by E 120. lots 11 and 12,
block B, mr.p No. 2. University Villa Tract In
plat 72 V. and D. Peralta Rancho, Berkeley;
$100.
C. A. Gamble (single) (by California Safe De
posit and Trust Company, trustees) to Conti
nental Building and Loan Association. 870 D.
336, lot 27 and N half of lot 28, map su.bdl
vlsfon lots 12 to 14. and portion lot 11 of cor
rected map Snyder Homestead Tract, Berkeley,
trustee's deed; $1390.
O. E. and Nettie Brown (wife) (by California
Safe Dei>o*lt and Trusty Company, trustees) to
same, 872 D. 319. lot on E line of Seventh
street, 200 N of Snyder avemw, N 50 by B
135. lota 15 and 16, block T75, same map,
Berkeley, trustee's deed; $1220.
Carra Bchofleld Aldrlch (Carra B. Schoflell)
(wife of Hugh S.) to Joseph and Mary Fllttner
(wife), lot on NE cornsr of Tobler street and
Redwood avenue. E 125 by N 100.37 lots II
to 23 and S 19.37 of lot 24. map Frultvale
Park, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Frank H. and Anna D. Ayera to Leah F.
Mott (single), lot 23, tolock B, map of part of
Fitch Tract, Alameda: $10.
Leah F. Mott (single) to Harry Clegg. lot
on SW corner of Buena Vista avenue and La
fayette street. S 30 by W 100, block 45 Co
lumbus Bartlelt Tract, Alameda; $10.
A. D. Cushing (as executor estate of Mar
garet E. Walrath) to Joseph Masainl. lot oh
W Una of Chestnut street, 50 N of Eagle
avenue. N 50 by W 108. portion lota 6 to 8,
block 60. map of property, near Enclnal sta
tion, of Columbus Bartlett. Alameda: $40"
Jane Frances Wlnant (widow) to Sarah Cnr
telyou Maillot (wife of Eugene), lots B snd
D In block 30, Alameda Park Homestead. Ala
meda; gift.
Cosmog Land and Water Company to Ed
ward Short, lot on NE corner of Eagle ave
nue and Sherman (St. George) street, E 150,
N SO, more or less, to line of marsh land. W
along line dividing marsh from dry land t" 13
line of Sherman street, 8 111:2 to beginning,
being S portion of lots 1 to 6, block C, Pag«
Tract. Alameda- $450.
John Young (single) to Helen M. Thompson
(widow), lot on E line of Willow street. 70
N of Enclnal avenue (since widening), N 35
by E 100. portion lots 1 and 2. In W H block
E property Pioneer Homestead Association,
Alameda; $10.
CALIFORNIA'S SWEET WINE
VINTAGE IS VERY LARGE
Bountiful Yield of the Year Runv
to a Total of 13,123.938
Gallons.
Despite the ravages of phylloxera
and other diseases that attack grape
vines, the sweet wine vintage of 1904
places California's yield ahead of any
previous vintage. The total runs to
13 123,938 gallons for the first eleven
months of 1904. The figures for the
First District were 10,543,743 gallons,
and for the Fourth 2.580.195. Ft
some years it has been consider !
that ten million gallons made a big
showing, but the former comes to 1904
with the figures stated.
Exercise is better than sauce to give
appetite.
AD V EBTISEMENTS.
SICK HEADACHE
i , —I Positively cured by
(\ k QTr Q(J these Little Pills.
Vjf\|\| LIXO They also relieve Dis
mmm tress from Dyspepsia, In
■HpITTLE digestion and Too Bear* j
jag! IW P D Eating. A perfect rem
ql V ■■i* ed y for Dizziness. Nausea.
I PILLSa Drow shiess. Bad Taste
jg|ijß| 111 the Mouth, Cbat'-d
Tongue. Pain in the SM".
™HHS"H 1 TORPID LIVER. Tboy
regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE.
CURE SICK HEADACHE.
IWittle Genuine Must Bear
I PILLS Fac - Simil e SignatureFOUR NEW COMMISSIONERS TAKE THE OFFICIAL OATHS
FAVOR DEPOSIT
OF CITY FUNDS
State Solons Are to Support
..' Amendment Allowing-Loan
'!. of Public Coin on Interest
WILL BROADEN SCOPE
*
Proposal to Permit Use of
. State and County Moneys
by Banking Institutions
Frank C. Prescott, Speaker of the
Assembly, has sent a communication
to the Board of Supervisors saying he
will be glad to assist in procuring an
. arriendment permitting the depositing
of public moneys In financial institu
• tions under suitable security on in
terest for the people to vote upon. As
to the question of refunding taxes
erroneously collected, Prescott says he
Iwlll give it careful consideration. In
the meantime the resolutions memo
rializing the Legislature to pass the
amendments will be submitted to the
Assembly. Prescott says:
..Secretary H. A. Mason of the League of
Municipalities has received a number of com
munications in reply to requests from city
officials and others stating that they are in
• favor of the amendment to permit banks to
act as city depositories. Among these arc
;Mayor Clark of Santa CTus, Mayor Hassett
of Sacramento. City Attorney Plckard of
'.Woodland and Mayor Worswick of San Jose.
' t Mason was at Sacramento last Thursday
■end with State Senator B. W. Hahn of Los
.Angeles. Assemblyman E. F. Treadwell of
this, city and Attorney General Webb will
-fiame the proposed amendment. It is the in
• trntlon« to permit of the loan of State and
county as well as municipal funds under the
'1 1 nditlons noted.
.1 •■ Los Angeles Municipal League has
s/j pted resolutions favoring the proposition.
Supervisor Comte suggested at the
.meeting of the board that the munici
■p»l bonds which have been received
.Jrom the printer be not signed by the
proper city authorities until they are
"Xtady for delivery to the purchasers
• pr arrangements made for their safe
-custody. •
Inventor Loses Suit.
J,\ Judge Seawell yesterday decided for
the defendant in the suit of Bernard
\v. Augustine against the Augustine
,!Ma nurturing and Graining Com
pany, Thomas W. Gardiner and others.
The plaintiff, an inventor, sold the
•California rights to his patent grain
ing machine to the defendants under
an', agreement that they should pay
him' $5000 and a salary of $75 a
.month. Payments of $2020 were made
'"before a lapse and he sued to set aside
. frhe > pntract. The defense pleaded that
■b* had given extensions of time on the
payments and had broken the contract
,;• in failing to deposit in escrow a writ-
description of the secret ingredi
ents of the material used with the ma
-4 h-ine and instructions for its manu
facture.
Says They Were Incompetent.
. The Fiseher-Rebmann Theater Com
pany yesterday answered two of the
■Bits of the footlight personages who
•demanded damages for breaches of
• Iheir contracts last spring. To Helen
•Russell's claim for $1800, the company
replies that she resigned voluntarily
and furthermore that she had been
found incompetent, and the right un
der the contract to give a two weeks'
'notice of its termination had been ex
ercised. The company also claims a
[release in writing from any liability
•for further demands. A like answer
Is. made to the suit of John P. Ken
'.nedy, who sued for $1310, and it is
:also stated that he has reduced his
' da.mages, if any he could claim, by
Vgftting other theatrical employment.
DOAX'S PILLS.
I] j CITIZEn'S STORY i
..Told, bj a San Francisco Citizen fo
, the Benefit of San Fran
cisco People,
■The greatest importance attached
..to the following is that it concerns
a. San Francisco citizen. It would
lose three-quarters of its interest if
.it: involved some resident of Kala
•mazoo, Mich... or Woonsocket, R. I.
Like all the testimony which has ap
peared here, and like all which will
follow about the Old Quaker rem
.edy, Doan's Kidney Piils, it comes
■from residents, fellow citizens and
'.neighbors. No other remedy can
show such a record of home cures.
•R : ead this case:
• -Louis Sanquinetti. huckster, of
:I3io Dupont street, says: "I was so
"crippled with pain in my back—in fact
, I.was laid up with it—that I could not
attend to my work, when Doan's
Kidney Pills came to my notice and I
took a course of the treatment. Pre
vious to that I had exhausted my
'. knowledge of known remedies gath
ered from reading and prescribed by
'my friends. Some recommended this
and some recommended that. I took
.•Doan's Kidney Pills as I had taken
'other preparations in the past, with
. very little expectation of receiving
'any results, and I must confess I was
• more than surprised when the aching
iij my back stopped. That is six
: m.onths ago, and it has not returned.
I honestly recommend Doan's Kidney
Tills to others, so that they may
know about a preparation upon which
they cap. depend."
.For sale by all dealers. Price 50c.
-jFoster-Milburn Co, Buffalo, N. V.,
• sole agents for the United States.
•Remember the name, Doan's, and
take no substitute.
A FATAL fcLUIOR.
. A'man steps into your office, draws up
his chair, and talks right ir.to your face.
His breath is offensive. Your only uVught is
how to get rid of him and hi 3 business. You
cut him short with. "lam not interested."
SOZODONT
, is essential to one whose breath is not pura
t'nd sweet. Penetrating the little crevices,
t deodorizes, sweetens and purifies them,
ipd makes ycu feel genteel and clean-cut.
I FORMS. LIQUID, POWDER PASTE. 1
EGAN TO MAKE
UP MIND TO-DAY
Mayor Gives Him Until 10
O'clock to Accept the Place
on the Board of Works
«
NO NEW APPOINTMENTS
Announcements Not Made as
to Selections for Park and
Health Board Vacancies
The newly appointed members of the
various boards and commissions met In
the Mayor's office at noon yesterday
to receive their commissions, take their
oaths of office and to file their official
bonds. These formalities were complied
with by Police Commissioner Pohelm,
Election Commissioner Voorsanger,
Civil Service Commissioner Rogers and
School Director Altmann.
Thomas F. Egan, who, as told in yes
terday's Call, had expressed his inten
tion of refusing the commissionership
of Public Works because he did not re
ceive the long term, was closeted with
the Mayor for some time and at the
end of the conference left without tak
ing his oath of office. Mayor Schmltz
gave Egan until 10 ©'clock this morning
to decide whether he would accept the
appointment. The Mayor said he
thought Egan would change his mind
and assume the duties of the office.
Edward H. Algeltinger was not quite*
ready yesterday to file his official bond
as Commissioner of Public W T orks for
the long term, but will do so this morn
ing. A meeting of the Board of Works
has been called for to-day at noon and
Aigeltlnger will be Inducted into office.
If Egan decides by that time to abide
by the Mayor's wishes he will also iake
his seat on the board. Commissioner
Maestretti has been decided upon for
the presidency of the board for the en
suing year.
Fire Commissioner Henry M. Wreden,
who is ill, will take his oath of office as
soon as he is able. Because of his ab
sence the Fire Commission held no
meeting.
The Police Commission will meet this
evening to seat Dr. Poheim, the new
member, who in all likelihood will be
elected president of the board.
The Mayor made no announcement as
to his appointments to the vacancy on
the Health Board and that on the Park
Commission. William H. Metson seems
to be the only one mentioned for the
latter place.
It has now been definitely settled that
Alexander O'Grady will not accept the
secretaryship cf the Police Commis
sion. Morris Levy, secretary of the
Board of Works, will shortly carry out
his intention, decided upon several
months ago, to resign the place in or
der to devote his entire time to other
and more profitable interests. It is on
the cards that Secretary James de
Succa of the Park Commission will suc
ceed Levy and that Herbert Schmltz,
ex-Commissioner of Works, will resume
his old position as secretary of the
Park Commission. It is said that a deal
is on involving the shifting of several
officials, but it will not come for sev
eral days yet.
HEALTH BOARD HOLDS MEETING
Dr. J. W. Ward Ke-elected President.
Dr. Simon Succeeds Dr. Pohelni.
Following the appointment and the
administering of the oath of office by
Mayor Schmltz to the new members
of the municipal commissions several
of the boards met yesterday afternoon
to induct the incoming officials, elect
a president and reorganize for the en
suing year.
Dr. Jules Simon took his seat on the
Board of Health, vice Dr. J. C. Stinson,
recently resigned. The vacancy caused
by the resignation of Dr. Poheim, ap
pointed Police Commissioner, has not
yet been filled.
Dr. J. W T . Ward was re-elected pres
ident of the board by a unanimous
vote and Immediately took charge of
the meeting. Before proceeding to
business he thanked the members of
the board for their confidence In him
and reviewed the work of the year.
He said he intended to make this
year's work a campaign of concentra
tion, following the work of reorgan
ization of last year.
Dr. Ward spoke of four things that
the board would pay particular atten
tion to. These are inspection of
schools, inspection of milk with a view
to giving the city a better supply, the
work in the laboratory In connection
with the purity of food, and the im
provement of the City and County
Hospital.
It was voted to create the office of
assistant superintendent of pure food,
and an appointment will be made at
a later date. Dr. H. Drake Glbbs of
Cornell and Stanford universities was
put in charge of laboratory work. Dr.
W. Waldeyer was appointed resident
physician of the City and County
Hospital and Dr. G. P. Purlenky vis
iting physician.
RONCOVIERI AGAIN PRESIDENT.
Board of Education Receives A. Alt
man n's Credentials.
The Board of Education held its
meeting yesterday for the purpose of
effecting reorganization. It accepted
the credentials of School Director A.
Altmann. re-elected President Alfred
Roneovieri and appointed several
committees.
At the beginning of the meeting
School Director Thomas F. Boyle was
nominated by Roncovierl for presi
dent, but immediately declined and
replied by nominating Roncovierl. The
nomination was seconded by School
Director Lawrence F. Walsh and Mr.
Roncovieri was unanimously re-elect
ed president of the board. School Di
rector A. Altmann then presented his
credentials and was seated.
President Roncovieri made the fol
lowing appointments for chairmen of
the standing committees: Lawrence
F. Walsh, school committee; Thomas
F. Boyle, buildings and grounds com
mittee; A. Altmann. high schools,
playgrounds and special departments.
RE-ELECTED PRESIDENT.
John W. Rogers to Remain at Head of
Civil Service Commission.
The Civil Service Commissioners
met at 2 o'clock and organized for the
year by re-electing as president Com
missioner John W. Rogers, who has
served as president for the last twenty
months. Commissioner Rogers en
deavored to persuade Commissioner
Bahrs to accept the presidency and
nominated him for the office, but
Bahrs dec lined the honor, saying he
was well satisfied with the administra
ntion of President Rogers, and nor
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JANUARY 10. 1905.
WORK ON NEW
LINE DELAYED
Supervisors Defer Action on
the Permit to Electrize
California Street Road
PASS ROOF-REPAIR BILL
Ordinance Requires That
Fireproof Material Shall Be
Utilized in a District
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
postponed action for one week on the
resolutions granting the United Rail
roads permission to use electric mo
tive power on that portion of the
steam road on California street from
Parker to First avenue. The franchise
for the rest of the road already per
mits the use of electricity thereon.
Supervisor Boxton urged that ac
tion be postponed, saying that the
privilege was In the nature of a new
franchise. Braunhart explained that
the privilege simply gave the United
Railroads the right to use electricity
instead of steam on two and a half
blocks where it has now no such
right.
E. P. E. Troy filed a communication,
which was referred to the Street Com
mittee, asking that the following con
ditions be imposed on the United
Railroads in return for the privilege:
That cars shall be operated in an eas
terly and westerly direction to each
terminus at intervals of not less than
five minutes; that each car shall be
equipped with air brakes and emer
gency hand brakes; that mail car
riers, members of the Police and Fire
departments shall ride free; that all
machinery, iron, cars and other ma
terial used in the construction and
operation of the road shall be of Cali
fornia manufacture, except when the
same cannot be made here; that
the grooved rail shall be used
throughout; that, as provided in the
charter for new franchises, all the
roadway and street equipment shall
revert to the city at the expiration of
the franchise; and that ornamental
iron poles shall be used.
The United Railroads obtained a
permit to explode blasts for grading
purposes along the right of way
through the Sutro estate property
bounded by Thirty-third avenue, Pa
cific Ocean shore line. Forty-eighth
avenue and by the notherly boundary
of the city cemetery.
The ordinance regulating the con
struction of fireproof roofs and the re
pair of roofs within certain limits* so
that if they are destroyed fireproof
material only shall be used in their
reconstruction, was finally passed.
Little interest was manifested in the
measure, some of the Supervisors not
taking the trouble to answer their
names, though they were marked as
voting in favor of it.
The proposed ordinance prohibiting
the keeping of swine within the city
limits was recommitted to the Health
Committee owing to a clerical error
in the draft. A petition was filed by
the Santa Fe Railway Company that
the bill be amended so as to permit
the loading and unloading of cattle
and swine at the Union Stockyards.
The bill fixing widths of sidewalks
on Lincoln street was passed to print.
The grades on the. street were ordered
changed. Preliminary steps for the
improvement of Fulton street were
taken by the adoption of a resolution
changing the grades on the thorough
fare from Twenty-sixth to Thirty
sixth avenues.
Grades were ordered changed on
Forty-sixth, Forty-seventh and Forty
eighth avenues.
A demand for $650 was drawn in
favor of J. H. Dockweiler for expert
services.
The width of sidewalks on Lake
street, from First avenue westerly,
was fixed at fifteen feet.
BALLINGER ARRESTED ON
GRAND JURY INDICTMENT
Accused of Felony Embezzlement
While Bookkeeper for the Cali
fornia Art Glass Works.
George T. Ballinger, indicted by the
Grand Jury on a charge of felony em
bezzlement, was arrested by Detec
tives Dlnan and Wren yesterday on a
bench warrant arid booked at the City
Prison. He was at once released on
$2000 bonds, his sureties being Mat
thew Nunan of the Hibernia Brewery
and Colonel Thomas F. Barry. The
case has been assigned by Presiding
Judge Lawlor to Judge Dunne's court.
Ballinger was bookkeeper for the
California Art Glass Bending and
Cutting Works, 120 Second street, and
was arrested in March, 1904, on com
plaint of William Schroeder, president
of the company, on a charge of felony
embezzlement, the amount alleged in
the complaint being $392.
On May 9 an application was made
before Judge Graham for a writ of
habeas corpus for Balllrfger's release.
The writ was granted and the prison
er discharged. When the case came
up for trial In Judge Dunne's court
the Judge ignored the action of Judge
Graham and insisted upon its going to
trial against the vigorous protests of
Balllnger's counsel. The case did not
go to trial, however, the District At
torney having decided to take the
matter before the Grand Jury.
Burton Holmes at Lyric Hall To-Night
To-night and Wednesday evenings, Burton
Holmes, the lecturer, will begin his double
series of travelogues, the subjfet beleng "In
London" for both evenings. Thursday and
Friday evenings tho subject will be "Round
About London" and Saturday evening "Beau
tiful Ireland" will be given. These travelogues
are magnificently illustrated with finely colored
still views and motion pictures taken by Mr.
Holmes fellow-traveler this last sum
mer. These lectures begin at 8:15 each even
ing.
On Saturday afternoon a matinee will be
given by Mr. Holmes aCLyric Hall at 3
o'clock, the subject being "The Yosemtte Val
ley.'> This travelogue will be illustrated with
motion pictures and still views, taken by Mr.
Holmes while spending the summer 1903 in
this beautiful valley. These pictures include
sports Ind races of cowboys, the principal
falls. Fourth of July celebration, etc.. and
others of interest. •
mated Commissioner Rogers. Com
missioner Williams seconded the nom
ination and Commissioners Rogers
was re-elected president. President
Rogers expressed his thanks for the
honor conferred upon him.
Devoto Is President.
The Board of Election Commission
ers also met at the City Hall yester
day for the purpose of reorganization
and received the credentials of A. W.
Voorsanger and inducted him into of
fice. James A. Devoto was elected
president of the commission, following
R. W. Roberts in that capaci' *
GRANEY HAS
HAD HIS SHARE
Majority of Joint Committee
Recommends Distribution
of Horse Shoeing Contracts
GRAY'S BILLS ARE CUT
Supervisors Believe Eight
"Dollars a Day Is Enough
for a Sweeping Machine
The Supervisors' Joint Committee on
Police, Health and Electricity met
yesterday to consider a proposed reso
lution favored by a majority of the
committee awarding contracts to six
bidders for shoeing horses of various
city departments which the three
committees control. The resolution
divided up the work by awarding con
tracts to M. McNeil, Nick Morrissey, J.
F. Farxell, J. F. Mooney and Norris
& Lynch at $2 50 for shoeing and $1 50
for rubber pads and to Ed Toy at
$2 25 for shoeing and $125 for pads.
Supervisors Boxton and Rock desired
to know why Edward Graney, who
had also put In a bid, did not get part
of the work. D'Ancona replied that It
was the opinion of a majority of the
committee that Graney had received
more than his share of the city's work
in the past and that it was time for
him to defer to others. At this point
the further consideration of the awards
was postponed until next Monday at
2 o'clock.
The Finance Committee cut down
the bills of Gray Brothers for the
rental of street sweeping machines
from $2812 51 to $2093 26. The firm
asked $12 per day for each of three
machines. The committee agreed that
$8 would be a fair charge and ordered
the bills paid as reduced.
The Board of Supervisors adopted
a resolution directing the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company and
other corporations furnishing gas and
electricity to file before January 31
the usual annual statements showing
their revenue from all sources, the ex
penditures made, the original cost and
estimated present value of the plants,
amount of capital stock, bonds and
floating debt of the companies prepar
atory to fixing the lighting rates.
The proposed resolution granting
permits to various hospitals and sani
tariums went over for one week, owing
to a protest having been filed against:
one of the hospitals to be established
by Drs. Harvey and Hunsaker at 2117
California street.
City Attorney Long advised the
board that resolutions be so amended
as to authorize him to permit judg
ments In greater amounts than those
obtained by the Pacific Coast Com
pany, J. D. Spreckels & Brothers Com
pany and Hyman Brothers, whose at
torneys have satisfactorily convinced
Long of the validity of the larger
claims.
The City Attorney advised the board
that the resolution accepting Pierce
street between McAllister and Golden
Hate avenue before a sewer was laia
in the block was void and that the
city was not liable for the cost of the
sewer since constructed, which was
assessed by the Hoard of Works to the
property owners.
Consideration of the Mayor's veto
of the proposed amended ordinance
permitting the reconstruction of
stables on existing sites without the
consent of surrounding property own
ers was deferred one week.
WIDOW OF WINEMAKER
TELLS OF HER COURTSHIP
Mrs. Monnier Married at Sixteen and
Lived Under Old "Melodian"
Music Hall.
The attorneys for George Monnier
Jr. devoted yesterday to a further
cross-examination of Mrs. Anna Mon
nier in an effort to trap her into con
tradictions of her deposition taken in
the will contest. In instances where
discrepancies were brought out the
widow explained that the reporter had
made a mistake in rendering her evi
dence or she had refreshed her
memory.
Among other things she told the
stcry of her courtship and marriage
with George Monnier nearly a .half
Century ago. She was only sixteen,
she said, and she met him on a street
car going to a then popular resort in
the Mission. Four months later they
were married. He was interested in
the "Melodian," an old-time music hall,
and took tickets at the door. Their
living rooms were beneath the hall.
Mrs. Monnier was questioned as to the
circumstances surrounding the making
of her will and that of Monnier. She
said that since his death she had made
another will, because she was afraid
she was going to be killed. In the lat
ter testament she has provided for
George Monnier's daughter, "so she
will have something to be raised on."
JURY BEING IMPANELED
FOR GEBER MURDER TRIAL
Plea of Insanity Will Bo Made for
Man Who Shot and Killed Charles
and George Hartmann.
A jury is being impaneled in Judge
Dunne's court to try August Geber on
a charge of murder. From the ques
tions put to the jurors it is evident
that the defense will depend upon a
plea of insanity. Eleven jurors were
accepted yesterday, their names being
J. T. Hunter, C. Daly. C. P. Wright,
P. H. Fleming, Robert Haight, Louis
Schneider, Frank Mousley, Edward
Case, F. E. Strohman. August Brown
ing and Raoul Chartrey.
Geber had been employed by
George Hartmann, painter, 321 Third
street, and boarded at the house. On
Sunday morning, July 10, he objected
to the food, prepared for his breakfast
and Hartmann discharged him. Ge- j
ber went upstairs to his bedroom, <
armed himself and shot two of Hart- j
mann'-s sons. He also attempted to
shoot Hartmann and his wife, but was j
overpowered by Policeman Jerome H.
Tyrrell. For his bravery Tyrrell was
presented with a gold medal at the
annual inspection of the Police De
partment last October.
Supposed to Be Smith's Work.
The glass in the front door of Ar
thur E. Soammel's drug store at Sut
ter and Devisadero streets was broken
between 11 o'clock Saturday night and
7 o'clock Sunday morning. Entrance
had been effected and a quantity of
cigars stolen. The burglar Is sup
posed to be John Smith, who broke
Into three groceries early Sunday
morning by similar means and was
arrested in one of them at 1534 Gold
en Gate avenue. The police say that
Smith will be charged to-day with the
Scammel burglary.
YORKE WANTS
DEMANDS PAID
Company Says It Will Not
Repair Pavements Until
City Pays for Past Work
IN REPLY TO SCHMITZ
Finance Committee Issues
Statement Showing Money
Allowed for Street Paving
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
yesterday again considered the resolu
tion authorizing the payment of $3727
to F. M. Yorke & Co. for repairs to
bituminous pavements, the bills for
which have been held up because the
company refused to continue the
work. Alexander O'Grady, attorney
for the company, said the repairs
would be resumed only on condition
that the bills of the company, amount
ing to $14,000, be paid by the city.
"The company is unable to carry
out its contract," said O'Grady, "be
cause it has no means to do so. Things
appear to be in such a hopeless condi
tion that we do not know where we
stand."
The committee replied that it had
imposed a condition that repairs
should be proceeded with before the
September bill would be paid. D'An
cona,said that the September bill and
all subsequent demands would be paid
if the contractors would go ahead
with the work according to the speci
fications and file daily records of the
measurements of the areas repaired.
O'Grady agreed to confer again with
his clients.
The petition of the Mission clubs
that the Southern Pacific Company's
bridge at Mount Vernon and San Jose
avenues and the approaches thereto
be put in good condition was referred
to the Street Committee.
The Finance Committee submitted
to the board a reply to a statement
made by Herbert Schmltz, the retiring
president of the Board of Works, giv
ing as his reason for resigning that
the Finance Committee of the Board
of Supervisors had not allowed suf
ficient money to keep the city thor
oughfares in shape. The committee's
statement contains figures showing
that the committee recommended
$109,000 for repairs to streets for
1904-1905, or an increase of $JO,
--822 07 above the amount allowed in
1903-04. In new construction of
streets during 1903-04 the Works
Board allowed $69,442, while during
the present fiscal year, when the seg
regation of the funds has been made
by the Board of Supervisors, the al
lowance is $220,000, or an Increase of
$150,553. The statement says:
For the fiscal year 1903-1904 the Board of
Supervisors appropriated for the use of the
Board of Public Works $416,720. the Beard of
Public Works being allowed to subdivide this
fund as It might deem best. During said fiscal
year the Board of Public Works expended In
the repair of streets paved with bituminous
rock and asphalt. $22,964 37: basalt block and
cobbles. $57,183 09; street and water front,
$1308 M; county roads, $8746 0-1; San Bruno
road, $6496 45; extra amount taken from re
serve fund. $1429 17: total. $98,177 93.
In the preparation of the budget of the
present fiscal year, in order to prevent the
diversion of the funds from the purposes In
tended and to safeguard the civil service sys
tem, your committee recommended the fol
lowing segregation of Items: Bituminous re
pairs. $40,000; basalt blocks and cobbles.
$50,000; streets and water front, $5000- San
Bruno avenue. $5000; San Jose avenue, $2000;
Corbett avenue. S20O0: Ocean avenue. $2500;
Point Lobos avenue, $2000: View avenue, $500;
total, $109,000. f
A committee from the California
Spiritualists' Association addressed
the committee in support of its peti
tion that its -members and mediums
certified by the organization be ex
empted from a proposed ordinance
imposing a license tax of $10 per
quarter on mediums, clairvoyants and
the like. The matter was referred to
the joint License and Finance Com
mittee next Monday.
All ailments arising from a disordered
stomach, torpid liver and constipated
bowels are quickly cured by using Lash's
Kidney and Liver Bitters. *
Car Crashes Into Oil Wagon.
A southbound Third-street car
crashed into an oil tank wagon be
longing to the Associated Oil Company
yesterday afternoon at Third and Ste
venson. The oil wagon was filled with
oil. The motdrman tried to stop the
car, but before he could do so it
struck the front wheel of the wagon,
breaking the axle. The front of the
car was considerably injured and
many of the windows were broken.
Daniel Collins, the driver of the
team, sustained a wrench of the right
arm.
Cordes *c Quality 22* Low Prices
tA stock that is incomparable for quantity, quality and
low prices. Every worthy make of furniture, carpets and
draperies at prices that cannot fail to appeal to your purse.
Always remember,
Your Credit Is Good. "N«f-c«r
Solid oak, golden finish. Serpentine _ _
VsilUlUlMCl to p drawer. Bevel French plate mirrof. C 1 ft\
Well made and highly polished. Price M» *
This season's designs more beautiful than ever. Hundreds
|OTSW 0 f patterns in two-tone floral, Oriental and Persian designs at
our always lowest prices.
R<HigC cut your coal bill in half. Every part guaran
s 1.00 Down and $ 1.00 a Week
245-259 CTCfiRY ST* ON TOE SQUARE
PRAGERS
Great Decorated Chinaware
f Sale Continues To-Day
Those who did not have an opportunity to attend this
sale yesterday will find the same wonderful bargains in or
der to-day. Xo one can afford to miss it. There never was
a chance like it to economize.
Decorated Porcelain Dinnerware
Flatters —Decorated. 12-inch 4A Soup Plates—Decorated: job-
size: jobber's price 33c; JJr £ ber's price 12c; our sale price gQ
sale price
Platters —Decorated, 14-inch e%Q Gravy Boats ■ —Decorated; <f f\
size; jobber's price 00e; r jobber's price 29c; our sale I JC,
sale price price
Pi e Plates —Decorated; job- Bowls—Decorated: Jobber's A t\
ber's price 8c; sale price price 15c; our sale price.. I\JQ
Breakfast Plates —Decorated: A Vegetable Dishes—Decorat- «f
jobber's price 10c; sale price Q£ ed: medium size: jobber's \AC.
price 20c; our sale price.. ~
Dinner Plates — Decorated: Vegetable Dishes — Large
jobber's price 12c; our sale tt~ size; jobber's price 30c; IzfQ
price our sale price
Tennis Flannels U&kk Flannels
(Main Floor)
(Main Floor) This . g & shrunk
Fine, durable Tennis Flan- that is unexcelled in value,
nels, in pink and blue stripes; It comes in stripes and
suitable for night _ checks. Worth _
dresses and skirts. E I2^c and *5 C f fl/ 1
Special sale price, a a yard. Special J[ \/V
yard at, a yard
shopping Wjk eg% 0(/r
srr iari*nrr9 cafe
/nacte r/>/s (*th Floor)
Iter* If, AIAWYJ BEUABLB will P loaS9
ZitT W c/QrY£S 573 you.
CITY MAY LOSE
A CONVENTION
Christian Church Ministers
and Railroad Companies
at Variance as to Rates
The International Convention of the
Christian Church, which has been
given to San Francisco for August next
year may be called off and given to
some city in the East. The Rev. Wal
ter M. White, D. D., reported to the
Christian Church Ministers' Associa
tion that they had not been able to set
tle on a rate with the Southern Pacific
and Santa Fe companies, which might
be the cause of the convention s going
to another city.
Dean Van Kirk, D. D.. and Professor
McAneney, president of the Berkeley
Bible Seminary, the Rev. P. C. Macfar
lar.e and the Rev. Mr. Berry took part
In the discussion, with the result that
it was resolved to draw up a letter to
th» railroad companies setting forth
the desire of the committees as to a
rate. This must be decided upon on or
before Monday, January 16.
The letter says that at the last con
vention, held in St. Louis, there were
20,274 delegates and that under favora
ble circumstances the convention held
In this city will attract not less than
8000 to 10,000. It says, further, that at
a meeting of the Ministerial Associa
tion it was unanimously agreed that
unless they be assured of railroad rates
from Eastern points to San Francisco
at least as low as those to Portland for
the Lewis and Clark Exposition they
will be compelled to surrender their
rights to the convention, referring the
matter of the place of the next conven
tion to the American Christian Mis
sionary Society of Cincinnati.
Dr. White said that at the convention
at St. Louis there was a verbal assur
ance made by the representatives of
the two companies that the convention
could have as low a rate to San Fran
cisco as was given Portland this year,
but since that time the committee had
been informed that the assurance was
given without authority. The rate to
the Portland Exposition Is $45 from the
Missouri River, $52 50 from St. Louis
and $56 from Chicago. The rate offered
the Christian Church, said the doctor,
is $62 50 from Chicago, which is consid
ered too high, and in view of that fact
it would not be considered advisable to
hold the convention in San Francisco.
"Dowieism and Zlon City" was the
theme of an address by the Rev. Henry
A. Fisk, D. D.. before the Presbyterian
Ministers' Association yesterday. The
election of officers for the next six
months resulted In the following selec
tions: President. Rev. J. J. Sitton;
vice president, Rev. Moses Bercowitz;
BRICKLAYERS
OPEN SESSION
Delegates From Different
Parts of Canada and the
United States Are Here
The Bricklayers' and Masons' Inter
national Union of America opened ita
thirty-ninth annual convention yester
day morning in Pioneer Hall. More
than 200 delegates from various parts
of the United States and Canada were
present and many more are ex
pected within the next few days.
Much important business is expected to
be transacted by the convention. A
union brass band escorted the delegates
from the Russ House to the convention
hall. President William J. Bowen
called the convention to order and
Rev. George C Adams of the First
Congregational Church offered the
prayer. Rev. Father P. McQuaide de
livered the opening address and was
followed by E. J. Brandon of the Cali
fornia State Conference.
The visiting delegates were welcomed
in behalf otthe local union by Edward
Raincy. Mayor Schmitz made a brief
address and welcomed the convenyon
to the hospitality of the city. Several
brief talks were made by officers.
The delegates spent the evening in
seeing the sights of the town. A com
mittee met at the Russ House and was
busy in getting ready for to-day's ses
sion. The following are officers of the
International union: President, Wil
liam J. BoVen,. New York; first vice
president, Thomas R. Preece, Chicago;
second vice president M. P. Canty,
Washington, D. C.; third vice presi
dent, William Thornton, Boston; fourth
vice president, Thomas Izzard, Toronto,
Canada: secretary, William Dobson,
North Adams, Mass.; treasurer, Pat
rick Murray, Albany, New York; edi
tor, William A. Moffett, Philadelphia,
Pa.
REMEMBER THE CAPTAIN.—After the
installation of th« officers of Golden Oat*
Harbor No. 40 of the American Association of
Masters and Pilots of Steam Vessels at a
regular voyage had last week, J. N. Stofen,
the retiring captain, was presented a mag
nificent and costly slh'er flower vase In ap
preciation of the faithful manner in which
he had sailed the voyages of the association
during the time be was in charge.
secretary and treasurer. Rev. J. M. Mo-
Elhinney; executive board—Rev. X H.
Laughlin, Rev. C. C. Herriott and Rev.
J. F. Thomas.
The Congregational Ministers' Asso
ciation heard reports on church work
yesterday, and the Methodist ministers
listened to an able paper by the Rev.
Mr. Stanley on "Aggressive Evangel
ism."
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
TOHN McNAUGHT .Manager
I BUCATION OFFIOTr~~7.TT.TTHIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
: I E.SDAY 10, 1905
A MEASURE relating to child labor is before the Legislature.
It proposes an age limit on child labor, which is fixed we be
lieve at 14 years. There is no room for discussion of the dele
terious effects upon the race of certain forms of child labor. Under
ground and mill work are unfit for children. Constant employment
indoors at any kind of labor in the early teens is injurious. Indeed,
in some cases, indoor occupation*in school five days of the week
during nine months of the year is harmful.
What is needed for the wholesome and symmetrical develop
ment, physical, moral and mental, is proper occupation, suited to the
age and strength of children. When the subject is approached from
ihe side of those who desire only the elimination of competition in
labor, the view is one sided and defective. The stringent limitation of
apprenticeship has put into our social body a problem of vast and mel
ancholy import. The importance of preventing improper child labor
below a minimum age cannot be overestimated. But what is to be
come of the youth of the country above that minimum presents per
plexities that may well engage public attention.
Under present conditions the only life in which youth may pre
serve health and at the same time be occupied and trained in thrift
and industry is in the country, in rural occupations, and outdoor
life. A hard and fast law which will prevent this, by compelling the
parents of rural families to get the consent of the sch6ol teachers to
the employment of their children in the light and necessary work of
the farm seems not only an improper invasion of the domestic rela
tion of parent and child, but it is a limitation hurtful to the children
themselves. A law that forbids the employment of children below
a minimum age in certain specified and hurtful occupations, putting
no limit on harmless and useful kinds of work which children may do
beneficially to themselves and helpfully to their parents, would seem
the wiser solution of the problem. Many a family is saved from
indigence and pauperism by the services of its children, and in such
families it is the rule that the children mature into good citizens,
temperate and thrifty.
The country has recently had an inspiring disclosure of this fact
in the election of Mr. John Johnson to the Governorship of Minne
sota. His father was an immigrant who had been a drunkard in
Sweden. After he came to this country he reformed, married, ac
quired property and thrived. When a young family depended upon
him he lapsed and rapidly went to the gutter, finally deserted his
family and left it to be supported by the mother as a washerwoman.
The oldest boy. John, under 12 years of age, of his own motion, quit
school and went to work at $10 a month, to aid his mother. He earned
$12 a mo;ith at 14. and then rapidly rose until he released his mother
from the washtub. supported the whole family, educated his brothers
and sisters, paid the mortgage on the home, acquired property, influ
ence and position. After serving in the Legislature he became the
Democratic nominee for Governor. His opponents sought to beat
him by disclosure of his origin. In their "street parades they carried
transparencies inscribed: "Don't vote for Johnson. His father was
a drunken loafer, llis mother was a washerwoman."' Johnson <
friends in alarm asked him to deny it. He said he could not. for it
was true. The people took the matter up: the career of the boy
was looked into; its struggle and its triumph were made public, and
he was elected by a large majority, although President Roosevelt ca- r
ried the State by 152.000.
Now if the law had prohibited that splendid boy working, his
mother would have broken under her burden, the family would have
become paupers, and he and his brothers and sisters would have
grown up in ignorance, and most likely in vice and uselessness. He
had helpful freedom and a great State gladly makes him its Gov
ernor and first citizen. Such an incident exhorts to legislative mod
eration in the matter of limitations upon the labor of the young, li
is true that there are parents who evade their natural duty to their
children and are willing to reverse the natural order and compel
them to work that the father and perhaps the mother, too. may live
in idleness and sloth. There are greedy and heartless employers, too,
who are willing to coin the future blood of the nation into money, by
employing children in places and in occupations fit only for the de
veloped strength of the adult. There are still others who with equal
greed seek a monopoly of the labor market, by denying the right of
apprenticeship to the youth of the country. But all of these denials
of the natural and legal rights of the young can be so dealt with as
to leave fitting forms of labor open to the John Johnsons of the coun
try, the brave little fellows who take the burden of their mothers and
step in the path of duty that may lead to the headship of a State.
The country wants that kind of material to have a chance. It wants
such families saved from the humiliation of pauperism and the
shame of dependence. We know of no way in which the State can
step in and take the place of such boys, and do the duty they elect
for themselves.
In discussing the divorce problem Dr. Jordan says, wisely, that
people must have leisure to be unhappy. If they are occupied con
tentment and patience have a chance to resist the temptations to con
jugal infelicity. So it is true that young and old must have leisure
to be vicious, criminal, disorderly and unclean.
WHILE reform in systems of taxation is in the air is the time
to give to it intelligent legislative attention. The subject of
taxation was formerly loosely considered all over this coun
try. Systems founded in a lack of scientific knowledge of the sub
ject have been permitted to endure, and their infirmities have even
been added to by subsequent legislation. But study of the whole sub
ject, which began in Xew York, where it was taken up by a commis
sion of which Francis E. Spinner was chairman, has gone on, until
certain definite principles have been developed and settled upon.
Governor Pardee's recommendations are in line with these prin
ciples. They require that an object of taxation shall be taxed by
but one taxable body, and for one purpose or connected series of
purposes. The objects of taxation should be so divided that the
State revenue is derived entirely from objects different from those
which yield the local revenue. This is the principle of local option
in assessment and taxation. When the local assessment is made, as
it does not touch the objects from which the State derives its reve
nue, the State will have no power to interfere by raising, lowering
or equalizing that local assessment with some other local assess
ment. Each locality will stand on its own bottom in respect to
taxation. „
In this way considerable economies will appear in the whole
process of assessment and taxation, and where now is cost and con
fusion there will appear economy, simplicity and efficiency. If the
constitution must be amended to secure this reform the object is
worth all the trouble.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
Senator Penrose wants to nullify the copyright of any book In which
honor Is spelled "honour." This is probably a veiled thrust at the historical
novelist. —Washington Post.
When not one stone of a library Is left upon another Mrs. Chadwick will
he remembered as the woman that made Carnegie famous.—Charleston (S. c.)
News and Courier.
"Why are the policemen so popular with servant girls?" asks a subscriber.
Don't know, unless the girls know the penalty of resisting an officer.— Wash
ington Post.
It is asserted that there are more men than women in the United States.
Funny; but down in Ohio they think there's one woman too many.—Milwaukee
Sentinel.
"We are all seeking; something," said young Mr. Rockefeller to his Bible
class, and he might have added that most of it is "cornered."—New York
H«rald.
CHILD LABOR.
TAX REFORM.
THE SAN FRANOSXX) CALL", JANUARY 10,
WHY WE PREFER
LOVE STORIES
DOROTHY FENIMORE
* , 'I m~ ND on her lover's arm she
• * / \ leant,
I % And round her waist she
* * felt it fold.
And far across the hills they
went
In that new world which is the old,
Across the hills and far away,
Beyond their utmost purple rim;
And deep into the dying day
The happy Princess followed him."
Why do most people read love
stories in preference to other litera-
ture? It can not be for the sake of
the incident in them, for study of mo
tives or for self improvement. If
these were the reasons that ruled their
choice they would show better judg
ment by picking out history or bi
ography.
1 think we like to novels chiefly
for the sake of the happy endings
which every publisher, who has com
mercial foresight. insists the au
thor shall give us in return for our
money.
We like to enjoy in a leisurely way
WHAT SHE MEANT
Mrs. Caudle—"Now you'll come home straight from the club, dear."
Mr. Caudle—"Yep. dear; you mean: I'll come STRAIGHT home."
Mrs. Caudle—"No! I mean you'll come home sthaicht'.l"
———————
-From London Opinion.
WITH THE MERRYMAKERS
Pipe Dream*.
If a man's pipe could tell all the
meditations l< has shared with him
they would make his wife's hair stand
on end. —New York Press.
A I'seful Goat.
CaVy—Oi bought me little bye,
Timmy, a goat fer Christmas.
Dolin—What else did Timmy get?
Casey—Nawthin'. Ol tied th' goftt
to the Christmas tree and he ate
every other present but th' tub. —
Puck.
I'se for Luxuries.
Mother—Harold, darling, where is
my string of pearls?"
Harold —You the million-dol
lar ones, mamma? I lent them to the
poor little girl next door to skip rope
with. —Collier's Weekly.
How He Heard It.
A boy. in church with his parents,
was observed by his father to be con
tinually looking anxiously round on
all sides and under the seats. "What is
the matter with you?" whispered the
father to him. "What are you look
ing for?" "Why, father, for the con
secrated cross-eyed bear the hymn
tells us about" (consecrated cross I'd
bear). —Birmingham (England) Post.
The Wise Sick Man.
The sick man had called his lawyer.
"I w*sh to explain again to you," said
he weakly, "about willing my prop
erty."
The attorney held up his hand re
assuringly. "There, there!" said he.
"Leave that all to me."
The sick man sighed resignedly.
"I suppose I might as well," said
he, turning upon his pillow. "You'll
■cat it. anvwai'."—Judir*.
now and then the delectable picture
of two young people, de;id in love With
each other, who are realizing at least
one brief hour of perfect bliss. What
we want is that aureate dream of love
which has more of truth in it than has
any sober-tinted fact. We feel the
need of an uplift of heart and spirit
such a.3 Tennyson gives us in the in
spiration of his poetic version of the
old romance of the sleeping Princess,
whose story' sweet he sings in his de
licious "Day Dream."
Every now and then a critic raises
the question: W r hy should love, either
aa a sentiment or as a passion, be \he
chosen theme Of story writers, to the
virtual exclusion of other interests?
When we look about us in the world
with which we are familiar, they say,
we do not see love as the central in
terest of most lives. If appearances
speak true, love does not take up
much of the average man's time, or
of his attention; and the situation is
practically the same with women.
In youth love dominates brilliantly
for a little while, or else it glows and
fades like an intermittent flame. But
it generally is a side issue. It is not
the plain business of life.
As if this were not in itself reason
enough for wanting love in our Ac
tion!
We have plenty of problems of our
own every day without paying good
money for imaginary woes to vex our
brains, unless they are mere nothings
thrown in for good measure and to
increase our ultimate satisfaction. The
stern realities of life are kill-joys,
every grim one of them. And we all
have an uncomfortable way of grow
ing old before we feel half ready to
do so.
At the same time, as long as we
live the thought of love will be to us
a thought of youth—dear, starry-eyed,
hopeful youth. 'Tis the only idea
the mind possesses which never grows
old in the course of our individual
experience, and the only one which |
carries with it no suggestion of age.
Even the associations we have with
spring and childhood and the beauties
of youth are significant of change.
But love is the one perfect, imperish
able idea which has come down to us
from the long ago golden age, when
everything was perfect and imper
ishable.
T.ove, you will remember, perhaps,
was the only one of the famous triad
of virtues Dante found in heaven.
Faith was not there, nor was Hope,
for the former is by nature an earthly
dream, which implies realization in
the perfected life, and the latter car
ries in its very longing for fulfillment
the promise of fruition. Love alone,
according to Dante, is immortal.
RETIRING THE SENATORS
Editor The Call, San Francisco:
With the opening of the present ses
sion of the State Legislature and the
election of a Senator, I ask your con
sideration of the following:
The Government of these United
States retires, at the age of 62, its mil
itary and naval officers. This is done
without reference to any officer's birth
or district of birth.
Now if the experience of years dic
tates this as prudential, why should
not each Senator at the same age of
life also be retired? Has politics a
stronger hold on the Government than
the Government has on its educated
and mature officers?
CHARLES E. BOWEN.
Raymond, Cal., Jan. 6.
Little Nourishment in Beer.
If there is any one who is a judge of
beer it is the German, and it was a
German professor who said that tt
would take 730 gallons of Bavarian
beer—which is a great deal better than
any beer we get here in America, by
the way—to give the body the same
amount of nourishment as does five
pounds of breaH or three pounds of
beef. A glass of beer contains about
half a teaspoonful of food. Think how
many it would take to make a full
meal!
Townsend's California Olace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st.«
Store Wanted.
We must move Feb. 1. Townsend's
California Glace Fruits, 715 Market st •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by ths
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. *
FIVE LETTERS
AND A
TELEGRAM
Otho B. Senga
FROM Gertrude Gates, visiting at
North Platte ranch, near Sidney,
Neb., to her young sister in Bos
ton:
"My Dear Helen—l am glad I told
you in my other letters of my trip,
and the ranch, and the beautiful
scenery, for hereafter I fear I shall
write mostly about Mr. Lloyd Burke,
Oh, Helen, he is splendid—so tall and
strong and commanding! He has
charge of a big ranch near here, which
is owned by a wealthy man in Chi
cago. Cousin Amy says he will have
"Good-by for tills time—l can
see Lloyd coining."
one of his own some day. He has lent
me one of his horses—a perfect beauty
—and we shall ride together often.
The girls in our set would envy me if
they could see Mr. Burke—he is very
handsome, and, he has the most de
lightful way of speaking. I don't know
a man in Boston to compare with him.
Don't fear that I shall fal! in love with
him—l hope I have sufficient family
pride to prevent that. I think he is
Irish. Don't let any one else see this
letter. Lovingly yours,
"GERTRUDE."
From Helen Gates to Gertrude:
"Dear Gertrude —It's just as well
that you have no intention of falling
in love with the Irishman. Mamma
would never forgive you. The three
other gtriS have married to her entire
satisfa.. . .i>n. and you know she has
selected 'Pinky' Stauffer for you—the
dear little doll with his millions.
"Of course I, a crippled dwarf, need
have no thought of marriage, but if
I were a tall, handsome girl like you
I'd marry a man—not a tailor's model.
And I wouldn't care if he were a Fee
jee Islander, if he were 'strong and
handsome,' and I liked him, as I be
lieve you're going to like this Mr.
Burke.
"Claude grows lazier every minute
—he has engaged a valet now, trying
to be as near like "Pinky' as possible.
"Mamma expects to see your let
ters to me, but she shan't. If she
insists I'll scream, and she'll think I
am going to lose my mind. Oh, I know
how to fix mamma. I wouldn't do that
to papa, but he understands lots or
things that mamma doesn't—girls, for
instance. Write me all about the rides
and Mr. Burke. Your loving little sis
ter. HELEN."
From Gertrude to Helen:
"Dear Little Sister—l wish I could tell
you of the beautiful life here —every-
thing is so free and natural, and peo
ple seem to be glad they are alive—
I know I am. It's in the atmosphere,
I think.
"We go riding every day. I never
before knew the real pleasure of rid
ing. Riding around the parks on our
horses with their mincing little gait
isn't much like flying over the prairies
on this horse of Lloyd's. She takes a
long, swinging lope, and you feel as if
you and the horse were one, and that
you were being wafted through space
without effort or care.
"I am very happy, but sometimes I
am half afraid, because I believe Lloyd
is In love with me, and if he is, think
how dreadful to have to go back to
Boston and marry 'Pinky' Stauffer! 1
suppose mamma and 'Pinky' have set
the day, and" I dare say Claude will go
to Paris to buy the trousseau. The
mere thought of 'Pinky' Stauffer
makes me sick and faint. What a ter
rible thing to have to pass years and
years in his company! I know I can
never forget Lloyd Burke as long as
I live. I wish I felt as near to papa
as you do, Helen. Perhaps if I only
knew how to tell papa, he would find
some way to help me. Good-bv for
this time. I can see Lloyd coming—
we are going for a long ride.
"GERTRUDE."
From Mrs. Gates to her daughter
Gertrude:
"My Dear Daughter—Your sister is
quite ill—prostrated with nervousness
because I took your letter from her.
However, I always obey the dictates of
duty, regardless of the consequences to
any one, and under the care of your
father and Dr. Payne I trust she, wUI
soon recover.
"I desire your immediate return to
Boston. You may make Helen* illness
an excuse to Amy. Give our kind re
gards to her and her husband and ex
tend to them a cordial invitation to
visit us next winter.
"As for this person, Burke, you will,
if possible, make your departure with
out seeing him again. If this is not
possible I trust your sense of decorum
will suggest that you confine yourself
Bimply to that kind of courtesy that a
lady always bestows upon a worthy
person of the lower classes. Your af
fectionate mother,
"NANCY ARABELLA GATES.
"P. S.—No hint of this unfortunate
affair must reach your brother. Claude
is an ideal gentleman; it would be a
THE SMART SET
! There will be two weddings of marked
import^ to-morrow. That of Miss Loleta
McConnell and Robert Stockdale Gray
rigge will take place in Grace Church
at 3 p. m., Rev. David Evans officiat
ing. The bride's attendants will be
Miss Dorothy Chapman maid of honor
and Miss Alice Eloesser, Miss Jean
Gallois, Miss Avis Sherwood and Miss
Lillian Hodghead, bridesmaids. The
groom will be served by Walker Bours,
with Alan Dlmond, Warner Sherwood,
Newton Andruss and E. Thirkell aa
ushers. The wedding of Miss Gertrude
Dutton and Josiah Howell will take
place in Trinity Church at 8:30 o'clock,
with a reception following at the home
of the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs.
William J. Dutton, on Pacific avenue.
The attendants will be Miss Molly
Dutton, maid of honor; Miss Maylita
Pease, Miss Belle Harmes, Miss Edna
Middleton, Miss Pearl Landers; Thomas
Barbour, best man; Edward M. Green
way, Harry Dutton, Enrique Grau and
Lindsay Scrutton, ushers. Dr. Clampett
will officiate.
• * ■
The last ante-nuptial affair in honor
of Miss Gertrude Dutton was a lunch
eon given yesterday by Mrs. Henry
Foster Dutton. The guests on this oc
casion were Miss Maylita Pease, Miss
Belle Harmes, Miss Edna Middleton,
Miss Pearl Landers, Miss Mollie Dut
ton and Miss Maye Colburn.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. John C. Wilson are ex
pected home from their European trip
very soon.
• • •
Miss Louise Whitney of Santa Bar
bara is in San Francisco visiting
friends. During her stay she will be ex
tensively entertained. Next Friday Miss
Elizabeth Livermore will give a tea to
Miss Whitney, who, by the way, is the
fiancee of Mr. Young.
• * •
Mr. and Mrs. Shafter Howard are in
Newport, the guests of Mr. and Mrs.
W. R. Hunter.
• • •
An epidemic of colds and other preva
lent ailments has beset the players in
the cast of "The Liars." But even with
some interruption in rehearsing the
company has steadily progressed in its
lines under the direction of Frank !
Mathieu. who expects the preparation j
of the Henry Jones comedy to be com- I
plete by the 26th. On that date the;
presentation will take place in the aft- ,
ernoon at the Columbia Theater, when
society will attend en masse, judging
from the present outlook and the de
mand for seats. The naval clubhouse
at Vallejo will sustain much monetary
advantage from the interest our smart
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
A dainty empire house gown of pink China silk, trimmed with
shirring and bands of zvhiie lace. The round yoke is also
of ivhite lace. The gown closes invisibly in the back.
great shock to his exquisite sensibilities
to know that his sister had held fa
miliar eon-verse with a hired marl. I
cannot imagine how you came to be so
unlike the rest of my children. Helen,
of course, is not responsible for her pe
culiarities. N. A. G.."
From Mr. Gates to his daughter Ger
trude:
"My Dear Little Girl—Tour mother
gave me her letter to post, and quite
incidentally I took the liberty of read
ing it. With Helen's permission I had
previously read your recent letters to
her. I have never interfered with your
mother's discipline, but in this case 1
feel called upon to make a few re
marks.
"First, you needn't come home until
you choose. North Platte ranch is a
healthful place, and you seem to be
gaining strength and much else that Is
of great value.
"Second, if you care for this Mr.
SALLY SHARP
! set takes in its welfare, and success is
i insured by the earnestness of these
' patronesses: Mrs. McCalla, Mrs.Eleanor
! Martin, Mrs. William G. Irwin, Mrs.
William S. Tevls, Mrs. George Dutton,
Mrs. Herbert Folger, Mrs. C. A. Cool
idge, Mrs. Arthur Mac Arthur, Mrs. J.
F. Boyd, Mrs. Lucy Otis. Mrs. William
McKittrick, Mrs. William Ashburnir,
Mrs. Maurice Casey, Mrs. J. M. Goewey,
Mrs. G. H. Mendell, Mrs. F. Pfingst and
Mrs. J. F. Merrill.
• • •
Miss Hagar and Harry Stetson wer*
the guests of Mr. and Mrs. Horac
Blanchard Chase on Saturday evening.
Supper at the St. Francis followed a
theater party.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Jules Mersfelder en
tertained a gathering of artists and
musicians in their apartments in the
Laonhead Studio building last Satur
day evening. Nathan Landsberger
gave several delightful violin compo
sitions and Mr. McCoy, pianist, en
tertained with a number of charming
selections.
a • «
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Burnham, who
have been spending the holidays in
the City of Mexico, have returned to
town. An extended trip all through.
Mexico was made by Mr. and Mrs.
Burnham, who will now be at homo
to their friends i Alameda.
• • •
Holla V. Watt was host at a stag
party at the St. Francis last week.
Covers were laid for twenty-one and
the table was tastefully decprated with
chrysanthemums and greens.
• • •
Mrs. Edward Pringle will be "at
home" to-day.
• • *
Lieutenant Colonel and Mrs. Patter
son will be the guests of honor at a
dinner given by Mrs. Joseph Frilley
on January 12.
• * •
Mr. and Mrs. Mark M. Gerstle en
tertained Dr. and Mrs. Russell Cool,,
R. H. Hotaling and Charles Field at
the Columbia Theater on Saturday
evening, afterward serving a supper at
the St. Francis.
« * •
The white and gold room of the St.
Francis was the scene of a pretty
dinner given last week by Miss Sylvia
Talbot, preparatory to her entrance
to Mills College. The evening was
spent in music and cards in the Tal
bot apartments. Those who bade fare
well to this maid, who will soon be a
debutante, were Miss Helen Gray, Miss
Christine McNab, Miss Millie yon
Bergew, Miss Mildred Abbott, Miss
Vera Talbot, Miss Elsie Schultz. Stew
art McNab, Harry Dodge and Walter
Hechtman.
Burke and he asks you to become hia
wife say yes, and count on my bless
ing and a substantial dowry. It will
be a refreshing change to have a real
man to call son. At present I have
none, either by birth or acquisition.
"Third, there are no classes in this
country. Each man is what he makes
himself. My grandmother was a Burke
and an irishwoman, and I've always
been proud of the name and the an
cestry.
"Lastly, your father is very glad he
has kept near enough to one daughter
to learn how to help the other. Your
admiring father,
"JAMES BURKE GATES.
"N. B.—lf my son Claude and old ■
Pete Stauffer's silly grandson are types
of 'ideal gentlemen,' I would rather you
would marry a hired man. J. B. G."
Telegram to James Burke Gates:
"Have followed your advice. Dear
love to Helen. GERTRUDE."
(Cuoyright. 11*05, by Otho B. SeujaJSTILL LOOKING
FOR A MANAGER
Julius Kruttschnitt Says
Man for Southern Pacific
Has Not Been Chosen
HARRIMAN IX XO HURRY
Chief Operating Official
of Associated Railways
Here on Inspection Tour
• Julius Kruttschnitt, vice president
of th' Southern Pacific Company and
or of maintenance and opera-
Liuns of the Harriman line 3, arrived
• yesterday from the East by way of
Los Angeles and is staying at the St.
. Francis Hotel. His visit is for the
purpose of making a careful inspec
tion of the various branches of the
Harriman associated roads, where
millions of dollars are now being ex
pended in betterments, The moat im
portant improvements under way are
those on the Southern Pacific signal
.system, where the relaying of rails
•and the extending of the block signal
syßtem is in progress. Of this work
Director Kruttschnitt said last even
' ing:
The company la laying about 100,000 tons of
'SO-pound steel rails which means about 800
mile* of track. Whin this work is completed.
• which will bo before the end of 1905, the oom-
Dany will have the largest line of heavy railed
.-nd well balanced track in the world, extend
' leg from New Orleans to the Oregon boundary
.and back over the Central Pacific system.
• which Is already In excellent shape. L*et
year the Southern Pacific Company estab
lished about 230 miles of highly developed
block signal system, and by the end of this
year the associated lines exjx-et to have be
tween 800 and 700 miles of the system In per
fect operation. We are putting the signal
Kj-stem In selected places, where the greatest
danger la supposed to exist. For years the
company has had a complete chart of the road,
and as fast as the points of danger are desig
nated the company extends this valuable sys
tem, which allows for two danger signals be
hind each train, on« a caution, the other an
.absolute block.
PROUD OF ROADWAY.
Director Kruttschnitt added that
the company is making large addi
tion* to its rollin;; stock in the way
of locomotives, of which 100 have il
ready been ordered; also many new
passenger coache:; and freight cars.
Asked if the recent denial by the
Washington authorities of the com
- pany's application for a permit to
. construct a bridge across Carquinez
Straits would materially affect the
plans of the Harriman syndicate for
: improving its big Western system, he
said it would not. and remarked:
We should have liked to construct the bridge.
. for it would not only greatly facilitate the op
eration of our trains, but It would be of
•benefit to the traveling public. But the Gov
ernment having decided not to permit tho
liuilding of the bridge, it bimply remains for
the Southern Pacific Company to continue the
operation of Its trains under the present meth
ods. An elevated bridge is out of the ques
tion, for the cost would be beyond all reason.
•For months the Southern Pacific Company has
been expending vast sums in improving its
lin<-s and will continue to do so. Since I left
San Francisco to take up my duties In Chi
cago 1 have done much traveling over many
of the crack Eastern roads, and my judgment
is that nhared by a number of prominent rail
road officials of the East who have traveled
over our line, that wo have got a permanent
roadway equal to anything In this country.
" Between this city and Los Angeles there is
almost a perfect strip of roadway and few
lines can boast of anything surpassing the line
between Kan Francisco and Ogden.
NEW GENERAL MANAGER,
The coming of Director Kruttschnitt
to. San Francisco has been eagerly
looked formard to. Many local rail
road men had expected that while
here the head of the operating depart
ments of the Harriman lines would
decide ©n a new manager for the
' Southern Pacific Company. Last even
ing, however, Director Kruttschnitt
■ said that no decision had been arrived
at. He admitted that the matter had
been discussed several times by Pres
ident Harriman and himself, but they
had come to no definite conclusion
and the question would probably not
be settled for some time. Meanwhile,
said Mr. Kruttschnitt, W. H. Bancroft
will continue to act as the general
manager. In discussing the appoint
ment he said:
It Is a pleasant boast of the company that
it has to-day the best set of officers of any
. road In the oountry. Everywhere they have
been working like soldiers, and we have ample
evidence that they enjoy the good feeling of
• the men under them. These existing condi
tions naturally have a tendency to enhance the
value of the properties and give assurance to
. the men who are responsible for their financial
obligations.
Mr. Kruttschnitt expects to remain
in San Francisco until the end of the
week, during which he will be a very
busy man catching up with work of
his office in Chicago.
Why White Rode the Horse.
The parties contending over the
account of the executors of the estate
of Thomas J. Clunie were in Judge
Coffey's court again yesterday after
noon, but because of other pressing
engagements stipulated for a con
tinuance of a hearing until a week
from to-day. A moment's time was
given to the examination of Mabry
McMahon, a real estate dealer, in ex
planation of Burrell G. White's use
of a horse belonging to the Clunie es
tate, for whose keeping a bill was
c harged. McMahon said that he had
a Drivate stable and Clunie's horse
was kept there on a pro rata charge.
After Clunie's death McMahon had
. asked White to exercise the animal,
and these were the only occasions
upon which he used it.
Eppinger Case Continued.
The cases of Jacob and Herman
Eppinger, charged with obtaining
•money by false pretenses, were on
Judge Lawlor's calendar yesterday for*
trial. By consent a continuance was
ordered till February 13. The Grand
Jury has the Eppinger failure under
consideration, and is expected to act
between now and the date fixed for
the trial.
SUES FOR REBATE.—J. S. Hlster yester
day brought suit in the Justices' Court agaiii«t
the Southern Pacific Railroad for $8 Ofi, al
leged to be rebate due on tickets purchased bj
him on December 2 of last year. Hister al
leges that he bought tickets from the company
entitling him to ride from Suisun to Mary?",
ville and was told at the time that If he
bought $20 worth he would get $8 SO as a
rebate. The company adopts this method to
prevent stop-overs during the trip.' When
Hister arrived at Marysvllle the rebate was
refused and the suit resulted.
POSTUM CEREAL.
10 days trial of
POSTUM
in place of coffee means
big things to anyone.
THERE'S A REASON
HIGHER CATTLE
RATES FEARED
Livestock Men Prepare to
Take Action to Check the
Plans of the Railroads
. *
WOOL MEN HOLD SESSION
*
General Convention to Open
in Denver To-Day and- to
Continue Through Week
DENVER, Jan. 9. —A meeting of the
cattlemen from every part of the coun
try was held to-night, at which the re
port of the board of managers was
read. It related chiefly to the efforts
made by the committee to secure leg
islation favorable to the cattle inter
ests. The members were warned that
the railroads would advance rates on
cattle in the near future unless the
cattlemen took active measures to pre
vent it. The report of the committee
was approved, and it was ordered to
continue its work of safeguarding the
interests of the cattlemen.
The city to-night is filled to over-
Mowing with delegates to the National
Livestock Convention, which, will open
here to-morrow, and which will last
through the greater part of the week.
There will be held throughout the week
meetings of numerous affiliated organ
izations, the wool growers leading off
this morning with their annual meet
ing.
There is a sharp division between the
cattlemen as to the advisability of al
lowing railroads and packers to have
representation in the governing body
of the association if the new plan of
organization is carried through. Presi
dent Frank G. Hagenbarth of the Live
stock Association is strongly in favor
of admitting them and he has a nu
merous following.
Many Western stockmen, while not
opposing the proposed reorganization,
are against allowing either railroads or
packers to have anything to say about
the affairs of the livestock men. They
contend that the railroads working in
conjunction with the packers have
compelled them to sell their cattle at
the lowest possible prices, and they ob
ject to an alliance with either one of
them.
At the meeting of the National Wool
Growers' Association this morning a
committee of seven was appointed to*
consider the proposed reorganization of
the National Livestock Association.
The proposed reorganization is based
upon the various branches of the live
stock industry, each branch being con
sidered as a unit.
L. V. Olcese of California and James
Gwin of Oregon were among those
who spoke on the wool industry.
CHILD WIFE HAS COURT
CORRECT HER MISTAKE
Married Before She Was Fourteen
Without Mother's Consent, She
Gets Union Annulled.
Ora McKean's infantile indiscretion
in marrying Fred James Leary when
she was only thirteen and a half years
old was rectified yesterday by Judge
Troutt, who annulled the union upon
testimony of the girl's mother that the
step had been taken without her con
sent. The marriage took place at
Oakland in November, 1898, and the
girl wife left her husband when she
was 15 years old. She does not know
where he now is.
Carl Jonnevold makes a shrewish
picture of his wife in a complaint for
divorce filed yesterday. He says that
she is habitually Intemperate, has
threatened to murder him in his
sleep, spit in his face and threatened
to get her friends to beat him. Other
suits to sever the marital tie were be
gun as follows: Mary Vavlo against
Pietro Vazio, for neglect; Mary Alice
Richardson against Robert E. Richard
son, whom she married In 1872,
habitual Intemperance; Mary E. Gil
lium against C. L. Gilllum, cruelty;
Tillie Debauge against Paul Debauge,
who was convicted in 1899 of man
slaughter and sentenced to ten years
in prison; Oscar Gordan against
Myrtle Gordan, desertion and infi
delity committed in Whltechapel dis
trict of Portland; William Baddeley
against Laura Baddeley, desertion.
Divorce was granted by Judge Mu
rasky to Francis Wacker from Eunice
I. Wacker on a cross-complaint for
desertion; by Judge Graham to Dorris
D. Ulrich from John F. Ulrich, cruelty;
by Judge Troutt to Aileen G. Wilkin
son from H. A. Wilkinson, neglect; to
Anna Kordt from Fred Kordt, intem
perance.
Judge Graham yesterday cited** John
R. Wood, former paying teller of the
Crocker-Woolworth Bank, to show
cause why he should not be punished
for contempt for not paying his wife's
December alimony.
SWISS RELIEF SOCIETY
CHOOSES ITS OFFICERS
Secretary's Report Shows That Large
Sums Were Distributed Among
the Poor and Needy.
At the annual meeting of the Swiss
Relief Society held yesterday at the
office of the society, 414 Pine street,
the following were elected to serve as
a board of directors fof the year: A.
Borel, G. A. Berton, J. Freuler, Wil
liam Keller, J. Leutenneger, A. Monot
ti. E. Pohli, Dr. T. A. Rottanzi, P.
Righetti, Dr. J. H. Sartori and B. G.
Tognazzi.
The secretary's annual report
showed $1635 06 receipts and $1363 70
disbursements, the capital being $11,
--714 28, and 251 applications for as
sistance and relief, amounting to
$873 32, were granted. During the
year seventy-eight orders for employ
ment, 1091 meals and 838 lodgings
were distributed. The membership of
the society numbers 122.
JUDGE MORROW RETURNS
FROM EASTERN TRIP
Carnegie Trustees Pro-vide Luther
Burbank With Means for Going
Ahead With His Life Work.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
returned yesterday after a month's
visit to Washington and New Tork.
He had been called to attend a meet
ing of the trustees of the Carnegie
Institute. The most important thing
done by the trustees, he said, was to
make financial arrangements whereby
Luther Burbank may be enabled to
devote himself exclusively to his life
task of experimenting in plant varia
tion for the benefit of the wor!.d.
Judge Morrow thinks the present
session of Congress will be a short
one. Nothing much will be done be
yond passing a bill for the construc
tion of the Panama canal and provid
ing for cutting down the national ex
penditures.
CALLS FOR BANK REPORTS.—The Board
of Bank Commissioner* issued orders yesterday
for all banks In California to render a state- '
ment of thttr resources and liabilities as ap- 1
peared on their respective sots of books on
January S. The reports will be Inspected and ;
tabulated as soon as possible. 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1905.
COLLECTOR
STRATTON
RECHOSEN
BTRATTON OF THIS
CITY. WHO HAS BEEN REAP
POINTED BY THE PRESIDENT.
Once Again Appointed
for the Port of San
Francisco.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9—The- Presi
dent to-day sent to the Senate the fol
lowing nominations:
Collector of customs, Fr» <l< rl< '•; S. Strattoa.
district of San Francisco.
Coiner of the mint at Donv-:. :,. rry Tarbell
of Colorado.
Brigadier generals on the retired list of the
army—Colonel William Alexander, assistant
commissary general; Colonel Charl« s B. Stew
art, retired; Colonel Charles M. Terrell, re
tired.
ROYAL ARCH MASONS
INSTALL OFFICERS
Companions Show Their Appreciation
of the Retiring Most Excellent
High Priest.
The fifty-fifth installation of officers
of San Francisco Chapter No. 1, Royal
Arch Masons, was held last night in
the Masonic Temple. James Edward
Gordon, retiring high priest, was the
installing officer, assisted by Past
High Priest Charles Campbell as grand
marshal. The new officers are: Gus
tave Gunzendorfer, M. E. high priest;
Ernest A. Buchse, E. king; Fred L.
Wight, E. scribe; Henry G. Prince,
secretary; Benjamin Harris, treasurer;
Maurice L. Asher, captain of the host;
Albert H. Merrill, principal sojourner;
Max Goldman, Royal Arch captain;
George L. Darling, master third vail:
Frank D. Brandon, master second vail;
Henry W. Watkins, master first vail;
T. K. Wittich, organist; Edward Gil
berts, guard; Henry L. Davis, Benja
min Harris, Isaac P. Kincaid, trustees.
After the Installation the retiring
high priest waa presented a life mem
bership certificate and a case of silver
tableware in recognition of his many
years of service in the chap
ter. There was a banquet in an ad
joining hall, where the newly installed
high priest presided as toastmaster.
The following programme in the ban
quet hall was enjoyed by 250 compan
ions of the order: Overture, orchestra;
salutatory, G. Gunzendorfer, M. E. H.
P.: valedictory, J. E. Gordan, P. H. P.;
quartet, by the choir; "The Chap
ter—What It Ib," M. S. Eisner. P. H.
P.; music, cello solo, Companion J. L.
yon der Mehden; "The Chapter—What
It Should Be," C. C. McDougall, P. H.
P.: music, solo, Companion C. T. Wen
dell; "The Chapter—What It Will Be,"
Companion M. L. Asher; music, quar
tet, choir; "Beneficent Influences of
Capitular Masonry." Companion Frank
McGowan of Mission Chapter; music,
orchestra.
»»«»««■«» ,«««»! «»■«»■»■••»«• • •••»•
"Once Used Always Used"
Is the .verdict of those who have become acquainted
with the virtues and beauties of Lablache Face Pow
der. It so completely protects the skin against the
unkind attacks of sun and wind, and then repairs and
makes better than new any defects in the complexion,
that every woman of taste considers it her friend for
life. *
Lablache Face Powder
Is scientifically prepared. Its peculiar perfume is ex
tracted from flowers and plants which possess sooth
ing and healing properties and are also powerfully
antiseptic in their nature. Beware of dangerous coun
terfeits or substitutes. The genuine bears the sig
nature of "Ben Levy" in red across the label of the
box. There is none "just as good." If unable to ob
tain it from your druggist, we will mail you a box on
receipt of 50c. Flesh, white, pink or cream. Address
BEN. LEVY <Sb CO., French Perfumers.
135 KINGSTON ST.. BOSTON, MASS.
NOT SURE THAT
HE IS MARRIED
Captain Milliken Tells of
Relations Between Himself
and Young FHipino Girl
♦
ILLEGAL CEREMONIES
Army Officer States That He
Afterward Learned That
She Had Married Before
CHICAGO, Jan. 9.—Captain Dawld B.
Milliken took the stand to-day in his
own defense at the court-martial at
Fort Sheridan to-day and detailed how
he and a Filipino girl, after eight
months of wooing in the town of Esca
lante, Negros Island, P. L, were "ille
gally" married, and how after a period
of uncertainty whether he was married
or not he participated in another "ille
gal" marriage, only to And. according
to his story, that his wife had been
previously married to a native Filipino.
This complication of marital doubt
induced him, he says, on one occasion
to report to the War Department he
was unmarried, and on another occa
sion to put an interrogation point after
the printed form "Married or single."
Milliken asserted that he made no at
tempt to conceal from the natives that
he had "gone through a sort of cere
mony" and that he considered himself
married.
"Why, then, did you not bring; your
family with you when you returned to
the United States?" asked Lieutenant
J. M. Kimbrough, Judge advocate and
prosecuting officer. "Did not your wife
and boy want to come?"
"Every effort to induce them to come
with me failed," he replied. "They did
not want to go so far away from home.
Her mother was old and feeble and
needed her attention, so I left them
there."
The captain said he met Reglna Ba
tlsmo, who is 20 years old, soon after
his arrival in the islands, in 1899, and
that his Interest in her began at once.
"Did you go to see her regularly?"
he was asked.
"Yes, I went to see her frequently.
Her parents were aware of my inten
tions," was his reply.
"Did you intend to marry her?"
"Yes, I did. I made no secret of that.
I tried to get the consent of her
parents, but could not because I was
not of the same religious faith they
were."
NOT YET TOO LATE.
Hitch in Negotiations Extends Piano
Sale a Few Hours Longer.
It's not yet too late to secure one* of the
remaining fine pianos and organs at the
Pommer-Eilers' Removal Sale. Only one
lease remains to be signed over to the
new owners and the moment that is done
we are to vacate One elegant Decker
Brothers' upright priced $118; a ohoice.
nearly new Kimball 1268; a Stelnway
$300; a very showy Ludwig in oak case
$165; a Pommer-Eilers mahogany case
$157, and a most superb Hallet & Davis
fancy hand-carved mahogany case $300
are still for sale. Also the daintiest and
most beautifully finished little baby
grand in mahogany ever seen—worth
$875—now $465. Three organs, $25, $32,
$37. '
No responsible firm has ever offered
reliable and warranted pianos for less or
anywhere near these low prices. Pay
ments of $8 or $10 a month secure one.
Call or telephone at once, Pommer-Eilers,
653 Market street.
ASKS FRIENDS TO FIND
A MAN NAMED SPRINGER
Harwood Hall of Riverside Sends
Message That He Believes
Friend Was Shot.
The police have been asked to find
a man named Springer, who has been ;
missing from Southern California for ;
several weeks. Friends of the miss
ing man fear that something wrof g
has overtaken him.
Edward Allen, United States Indian •
agent, received a message yesterday
from Harwood Hall, superintendent of ,
the Sherman Institute at Riverside. !
Cal., in which Hall said he believed
Springer had been shot a few days ago
in a Third-street hotel. He asked Al- j
len to make a search for the missing
man and have the police look out for '.
him. The police made an investiga- j
tion at the hotel, but no such man was |
heard of. The Morgue and hospital I
records were reviewed, but they failed I
to reveal the whereabouts of Springer, i
Commercial Calendars —Closing out cheap.
Gabriel Printlnr Co.. 419 Sacramento st.,S.F.»
Woman Injured by Car.
A woman of middle age, fairly* well
dressed, was knocked down by car
No. 861 of the McAllister-street line
at the crossing of Steuart and Mar
ket streets at 10 o'clock last night.
Her injuries rendered her unconscious
and she was conveyed to the Harbor
Hospital, where a scalp wound was
dressed. The attending physician
thinks she was suffering from a con
cussion of the brain. The harbor po
lice arrested John Kibben, the grip
man of the car, and charged him with
battery. . ,
TRUSTEE FOR BATHS.—Judge Sloss yes
terday appointed Phlneas F. Ferguson aa a
trustee of the Lick Baths, to fill the vacancy
on the board created by the death of Rev.
Edward B. Church.
FIVE HUNDRED
AT ASTOR BALL
Leader of New York Society
Makes a Big Cut in Her
List From Last Winter
EVENT OF THE SEASON
Two Homes Thrown Open to
Receive the Guests, Which
Include Young and Old
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.—Mrs. Astor, the
grand dame of New York society, to
night gave her annual ball. The Fifth
avenue home of the hostess, as well as
that of her son, John Jacob Astor,
which adjoin* it, waa thrown open,
giving ample space for the 500 or more
guests who accepted Mrs. Aster's Invi
tation. The scene was a most brilliant
one, made picturesque by a display of
superb costumes that has not been
surpassed by any private entertain
ment here.
Among the guests were the leaders
of New York society and many for
eigners of note now in the city. The
elder set, the representatives of "Old
New York," always conspicuous at
Mrs. Aster's, war* present in large
numbers. The younger set. Including
the charming debutantes of the season,
were upon the dancing floor and among
the men were not only the elders, but
the younger members of the dancing
set.
A spirited cotillon, led by Harry
Lehr and Mrs. Elisha Dyer Jr., was
danced, and when at a late hour,
when the last of the guests had de
ported, it marked the close of the most
successful event of the winter of 1904
--1905. There were about 500 guests pres
ent Instead of the proverbial "400" and
the 600 of last year.
There were elaborate floral decora
tions throughout the two houses. The
marble foyer was a mass of flowers,
palms and exquisite plants, bright
scarlet blossoms being used to great
advantage and contrasting with the
white marble walls. There were also
groups of deep red and brightest pink
azaleas. In the ballroom and the ;
drawing-room quantities of American
Beauty roses were used.
Mrs. Astor wore a superb costume of
royal purple velvet over pale blue
satin. The bodice of velvet waa em -
broidered with paillettes of gold in !
elaborate design and combined with I
cream lace and pale blue tulle. The
petticoat of Marie Antoinette effect,,
was on blue satin and the long train
of purple velvet. She wore magnificent
jewels, including a stomacher and cor
sage ornament of diamonds, a riviere"
of solitaires and a tiara of the same
gems.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Filling
VHPen #S
THE PERFECT FOUNTAIN I
PEN saves your fingers, your ■
patience and your time. Never I
drips nor leaks and does not I
sweat ink. Suitable for men or I
women. Prices S:t.<M> to
«5.00
1 carry one of the best and
most complete assortments of
HIGH-GRADE CUTLERY in
the city. POCKET KNIVES
that are dependable, as low as
si.oo.
• RAZORS of good steel and
high-class make, from SI.OO
up-
GILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR
needs fio stropping nor honing.
Goes over the face like a feather
and shaves clean. Price ft ft. 00
8 TAR SAFETY RAZOR, a
good value for $2.00, now 91.25-
Out-of-town orders promptly
filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, The Stationer,
PfllflfP DON'T PAIL TO
laiaVW gee tho beautiful
j COURT Lounging
slflil room, the EMPIRE
ttUU parlor, the
r J PALM ROOM, the
lirflflQ tOUIS XV PAR
n /|„ DIE 6* WRITING
Hotels
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEARNY ST. Established
In 1854 tor the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearlngon nodv and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
< vi ri truaraiilerd. Call or write.
Pr. J. r. WIBBOJI. Waa Fraf-ilsco- lal
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
LEAKY ROOFS AND SKYLIGHTS.
All kinds repaired. Globe Sheet Metal Works,
1176-1178 Mission at. Phone Main 5461.
on.B.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD A ELLIS,
418 Front st., S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTING. |
E. C. HUGHES, 611 Sanaoma st.. S. P.
MI SCELLAN EO U S AM C SE^ENTS.^
GADSKI
Farewell Concert, Alhambra Theater
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON at 2:30
POPULAR PRICES —75c. fI. $1 00.
Box Seats, $2.
READY NEXT THURSDAY
At Sherman, Clay A Cb.'s. where complete
programmes may be obtained.
Mall orders must be accompanied by
check or money order.
NEXT—DE PACKMAN.
Fischer's Theater
HIGH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE.
Commencing With MONDAY. January 9,
FVERY LADY Attending the MATINEK PER
FORMANCES Will Be Presented With
A BEAUTIFUL AND COSTLY SOUVENIR.
SEATS. 100 and 30c. CHIDREN 10c
ADVERTISEMENTS.
lA\egctable PreparaUonforAs- ■
similatingltieFoodandfieguia- ■ _ k #
ting the Stomachs and Bowels of ■ JjOQjg # t
ii Signature //5U
Promotes DigeslionCheerfur- H •/ tAjT
ness and Rest.Conlains neither ■ n r / Jf il
Opium.Moivhine norMineraL B UI #U Vif
Not c o tic . j «L \\ I
A perfect Remedy for Constipa- B I 1 CM UQU
Hon, Sour Stomach, Diarrhoea ■ j f4f
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- §■ I wT 11 if ft P
.*\ess and Loss of Sleep. H I 0 I UV U I
Tax Simile Signature or
Thirty Years
EXACT COPY OF WPAPPCR. 1 lIHIm g' | | 114
•
YWK CCNTHUW COMMNY, NEW YORK CITY.
AMUSEMENTS.
aai lIUDI A m nfcwri
vUIaUIwIDSII LEADING THEAiS
THIS 'WEEK. INCLUDING StTNDAT.
MATT WEES
I WEDNESDAY AJTD SATURDAY.
FREDERICK KATHRYN
WARDE and KIDDER
In Wagenhals & Kemper's Stupendous Scenic
Production of
SALAMMBO
(The Daughter of Hamllcar)
By Stanislaus Stange.
Beginning Next Monday
EDNA WALLACE HOPPER.
ENTIRE NEW SHOW!
CRESSY and DAY ME
Presenting "TOWN HALL TO-NIGHT":
Eleanor Falke; Mies Nlta Alien and
Company; The Four Bards; Ghaaslno;
Nine and Gotthold; H. V. Fitzgerald;
Douglas and Ford, and Orphetun Mo
tion Pictures, Showing "The band of
the Midnight Sun."
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c, 26c
and 50c.
f CALIFORNIA \
EDWARD ACKERMAN, MANAGER.
TO-NIGHT
BLACK PATTI
TROUBADOURS
Headed by
BLACK PATTI.
The Greatest Singer of Her Race.
NEXT SUNDAY
Return of the Famous and Origin*'
JOSEPH MURPHY
The Veteran Legitimate Irish Comedian,
In His Greatest Irish Play,
( THh' Kt'.RRY tiOW„
H. W. BISHOP, Lessee and Manager.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
2JVo —MATINEE THURSDAY —-Sc
HOWARD GOULD—J. H. GILMOUR.
And the Majestic Players.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox
and Lvscombe Searelle's
Magnificent Poetical Drama,
MIZPAH
OR THE STORY OF ESTHER.
EVENING PRICES —25c to 76c.
m I VDIP HAI I Direction
I Llfl I Un ALL, Will Oreaabawn
IBURT9N HOLMES
I TRAVELOGUES
J Magnificent Colored Visws, Matin Pietnres
i TO-NIGHT +SfLm* 8:15
I "IN LONDON"
H Thurs. & Fri.. 8:15. "ROUND LONDON"
at sat. Mat. at 3. "YOSEMITE VALLEY."
wSt Sat. Ev'ng at 8:15 and Monday, Jan. l«,
Mm "IRELAND."
I ssra how on sale
Ffl At SHERMAN, CLAY A CO.'S.
LYCEUM THEATER
7th and Market, Odd Fellows' Bldg.
3 Big Shows Daily
MATINEES 2:30 to 5.
EVENINGS 7:30 and 9 O'Clock.
THE STAR TRIO. FOUR OLIFANS,
YALE DUO. SALLIB RANDALL,
CHARLES RICHARDS,
MONTGOMERY, WARD AND CANTOR.
NEW MOTION PICTURES.
Matinees 10c. Children So.
Evenings 10c and 90c.
~laiDawßactt^a)iaj~
patents! ;)
330 MARKET ST. Sf. ~%£Sr
GR AND SS«
Hedda Gabbler Matinee
To-Day at 2:30
LAST FIVE NIGHTS.
BLANCHE BATES
In THE DARLING OF THE GODS
Thursday t KATHERINE * PETRUCHIO
Mat at2:3o£ MADAME BUTTERFLY
SAT. MAT, The DARLING of the GODS.
;.Tj~ THE SILVtB SUPPED
The Theater will be closed this evening.
GRAND BEGINS
WEI>XESDAT
HDI7D A EVENING j
UJrlliiA
IN ITALIAN. ELEVEN
RESERVED SEATS NOW SELLXNCk
PRICES —$2, fl 50. $1, 600.
REPERTOIRE: Wednesday Evening, "RIO
OLETTO"; Thursday Evening, "LA TOSCA"|
Friday Evening, "BARBER OF SEVILLE";
Saturday Matinee. "LA TOSCA"; Saturday
Evening. "RIGOLETTO"; Sunday Evening,
"CAVALLEKIA RUSTICANA" and 'TPAO.
LIACCL"
ALCAZAR
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT—Mats. Sat. and San.
First Time In Stock —Joseph Arthur's Indiana
Comedy,
LOST RIVER
With the Bicycle Race, the Flight on Horn
back and Wonders of Realism.
Evgs., 25c to 750. Mats. Sat. & Sun., 250 to 50©.
NEXT. MON.—First San Francisco Production
of Clyde Fitch's Comedy,
THE GIRL AND THE JUDGE
JAN. IS—lbsen Matinee—"GHOSTS"
GEN * RAL"^?
Market Street, Near Eighth.. .Phona South 638
HA 1 "IT IS TO LAT7QH:" HAI
Central Theater Stock 00.
HA! MINSTRELS I HAI
End Men: HERBCHEL
MAYALL, HENRY SHU
HA! MER. D. HALIFAX. HAI
JAMES CORRIGAN. E.
HOWELL. BEN T. DIL
_-, LOX. Interlocutor, GEO. —«,
P. WEBSTER. mm '
Acts — Songs — Special
ties — Dancing! _. ,
HAI Prices —Eve., l«c to 60c.
Mats., 10c. 15c, 26c.
MAI "IT EI TO LA0OHI" HAI
A Splendid Show Every Afternoon an«
Evening In the Heated Theater.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE)
RARE AND INTERESTING ANIMALS IX
THE ZOO.
Amateur Night and Electric Fountain
Thursday.
ADMISSION 10c I CHILDREN 5d
When Phoning Ask tor "The Chutes.
Ml! Ml!
California W* Club'
OAKLAND TRACK
Racing every week day. rain or shins.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
81000 Handicap to Be Run Wednesday.
January 11. Adam Andrew Sailing
Stakes. S2OOO Added, to Ba
Run Saturday. January 14.
For special trains stopping at the track take
8 P Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00,
12 30 100 1:30 or 2:00. Returning trains
leave'the track at 4:10 and 4:43 p. m. and Im
mediately after the last race.
THOM-ss H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
Weekly Call, $1 per Yea
910
BAKERSFIELD
IS THE SCENE OF COMPETITIONS BETWEEN THE GREATEST DOGS OF
COAST AND HUNDREDS OF SPORTSMEN ARE ATTRACTED THERE BY
FIELD TRIALS
GREAT DERBY IS COMMENCED UNDER
AUSPICIOUS CIRCUMSTANCES.
Several Braces of Prize Dogs Make Good Showing
Modesto, Romp On, Nellie P, Sir Roderick, Burbank and
Other Blooded Animals Do Excellent Pointing.
ASSHETON SMYTH.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD. Jan. 9. —Rain was
fallinsr this morning when the sports
men who are here attending the field
trials awakened, and for a time it
seemed none of the Derby dogs would
he seen in action to-day. Shortly
before 10 o'clock the skies cleared,
and after a consultation between
President Van Arsdale and Secretary
Betz it was decided to make a start
for the preserves of the Field Trials
Club, upon the broad acres of the
JTevis property. Shooting clothes
were donned hastily and the cavalcade
pf enthusiasts soon moved off.
Four heats of the Derby were run
©ff and a series of beautiful sporting
pictures resulted, which delighted the
enthusiasts who watched the clever
Work of the highly bred setters and
pointers. The young dogs showed uik
usual class and were pronounced su
perior in the aggregate to those
shown in any previous year. The con
ditions are considered ideal for the
trials, as quail are found in great
numbers, and the rain has Improved
the ground over which the dogs will
work.
Brilliant sport is expected when the
older and more seasoned dogs meet
In competition.
The first brace of dogs were cast
•off near the Gosford ranch, in a pas
ture field. After two heats were run
the party repaired to the Gosford
house/where an elaborate luncheon
was discussed.
SPORTSMEN WELL SATISFIED.
After luncheon the party repaired
to the little schoolhouse, where a
brace of setters were turned down
and readily found birds. After this
brace was taken up the judge moved
off to a place about two miles east,
where a large covey was found scat
tered in excellent cover and were
•well handled by a brace of pointers,
which were put down on them. The
dogs were taken up at 4:40 p. m. and
the sportsmen returned to town well
pleased with the day's work.
The first brace put down was J. W.
Flynn's lemon and white pointer Nellie
P, handled by Charies Coutts, and the
Stockdale Kennels' liver and white
pointer Checkmate, handled by R. M.
Dodge. Nellie proved a fast, wide
ranger, making some brilliant casts
and working industriously in her efforts
to find birds. In this she succeeded
1 MEN, WAKE U P! |
i /trtk*c&&4B&h '* Youp R ack Weak ? &
8 Have You Dragging Pains? 8
£ Arc You Easily Tirvrd ?
&> Have You Varicocele? §
r» Have you lost the Are and strength S
x B n Tffi liTifMllfe*^ 1 nf yout h? Have you "come and go" O
ft Br Pains in your back and shoulders? O
« Mgffigfc • Ar j f ' f yn " growing old' too soon? g
ft H X* B Bny other s 'Sn of breaking down of
8 H uW your nerves and vitality, you will V
\t 8 madP T-f or t y - r> uJt iR the best way
« VI-*3b»3l \ t,e str eam of life £
<5 < "vs*tf*r>. V parts continually for hours every &
O 1 £ Jinight. It refreshes the nerves, ex- X
0 P^^'i 3 the vital powers, enriches the S
ft circulation and makes you feel *
ft S3fc' > Wßßfr' bright, active and vigorous in one <V
ft night's use. Tou get stronger each 2
>•< . day, and in a few weeks you are a 8
» new man. stronger and younger in the Are of youth. It is grand, this 8
» method of mine, and every man who has ever used it is praising it. 8
WORTH TEH TIMES WHAT KB PAID FOR, XT. ft
« DR. MeLAUGHLIN—Dear Sir: I have used your two months^and
ft must say that it has cured me entirely. ; feel like a new man now and can do a hard ft
ft day's work easily. There are no more pains In my back and arms, and that tired ft
ft feeling ia gone. lam sure that the Belt has been worth ten. times more to me than ft
* I paid for it, and if you wish you may my name, for I will be glad to recommend ft
. ?•> the Belt. Gratefully yours, ARNOLD F. BERRI. 8
ft Don't delay trying it. Your future happiness depends on your ft
ft checking this drain upon your vitality, so stop it now and you can be sure
ft of a long and vigorous life, full of tho joys of a healthy vigor. 8
ft Don't drug. Drugs can't cure you. as you know, if you have tried ft
CD them. My Belt cures because it increases your nerve power and vitality ft
8 Electricity renews the youthful strength; that cures. If you will call'i ft
ft will give you a free test of what I can do. If you can't call send for my ft
* beautiful illustrated book, telling about my method. I send it, sealed *H
ft free. I have 60,000 cures. Call or write to-day. Send this ad. ' £5
1 dr. m. c. Mclaughlin *ssr- $
C Office Houra—3 a. m. to 8 p tn. Sundays, 10 to 1.
IMPORTED DOG WHICH MADE A
GOOD SHOWING IN FIRST DAY'S
TRIALS.
after a run of twenty minutes, locating
a small bevy in some low bushes.
Checkmate was sent over to back, but
on approaching Nellie caught scent and
pointed also. Both dogs proved steady
to shot. These were the only birds
pointed by this brace except one run
ning bird, which Checkmate caught
sight of and was inclined to chase. J.
W. Flynn's lemon and white pointer
Romp On, handled by W. B. Coutts,
and W. W. Van Arsdale's black, white
and tan English setter Modesto, handled
by C. H. Babcock, were put down near
the same place. A bevy was found in
some high weeds, which both dogs and
handlers went through without flush
ing. The spectators coming up flushed
a part of these birds and the dogs were
turned back on them. Romp On secured
two points, one of which was a bit un
steady. Modesto put to her credit the
same number. One of these Romp On
refused to back, and a rabbit running
within eight or ten feet of Modesto's
nose developed for her more interest
than the birds. She abandoned the
point and took after the rabfflt, but
soon returned to her handler. Modesto
started lame, but afterward developed
good speed and range, running with a
high head and merry tail action, out
classing Romp On in these respects.
The next brace was made up of J. E.
Terry's orange and white Better Romp,
handled by Fred Coutts, and J. H.
Schumacher's black, white and tan
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1905.
English setter dog Sir Roderick, hand
led by W. B. Coutts. They were cast
off in an alfalfa field. Both dogs showed
good range and speed. Sir Roderick es
pecially making some wide casts.
DOGS LOCATE THE BIRDS.
Sir Roderick was first to locate birds.
He scored seven points to Romp's three.
This brace was a pair of real bird find
ers.
The last brace of dogs was J. W.
Flynn's black and white dog Burbank,
handled by W. B. Coutts, and the
Stockdale Kennels' black, white and
tan pointer Japan, handled by R. M.
Dodge. These were put down in a new
field, where a large number of birds
were scattered in splendid low cover.
They proved a brace of fast and merry
workers and wide rangers. All condi
tions being favorable, each scored a
large number of points and delighted
the spectators with as clever an exhibi
tion of point work as any fancier could
wish to see.
Burbank was a bit the faster and
proved the widest ranger. He some
what spoils his style by running with a
low head. The trials are run under
what is known as the "spotting sys
tem," and no decision is made between
any dogs until all have been through a
thorough trial. There are three and a
half brace of Derby dogs to be run to
morrow in the first series. While it is
possible the stake may be finished to
morrow, in all probability it will be
Wednesday noon before the winners
are known.
New Orleans Results.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. o.—Results:
First race. Aye and a half furlongs—Hurst
won. Hannibal Bey second, Otsego third. Time.
1:08 .1-5.
Second race, ssven furlongs—Merry Acrobat
won. R*d Raven second. Death third. Time,
1:28.
Thi'd rice, six furlongs—Florentine won,
Tom Shelly s-cond. Simplicity third. Time,
1:14.
Fourth race, six furlongs—Edith May won,
Escutcheon second. Matador third. Time,
1:18 4-5.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles—St.
Sever won. Misanthrope second, Homestead
third. Time, 1 AS.
Sixth race, mile and twenty yards—De
Res2ke won. Gregor X second. Au Revoir third.
Time, 1:423-6.
Hot Springs Results.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark., Jan. 9.—Essex Park
results:
First race, three furlongs—Mint Boy won,
Sago second. Martin third. Time, :38%.
Second race, six furlongs—Togo won. Idle
Hour second, Fra Felipe third. Time. 1:18%.
Third race, six furlongs—Wild Irishman won,
Dundall second. Red Reynard third. Time.
1:17%.
Fourth race, -me mile and seventy yards—
Gus Heidorn won. Proceeds second. Bill Curtis
third. Time, 1:40.
Fifth race, seven furlongs—Critical won, Bill
Knight second, Marco third. Time, 1:33.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles —
Payne won, Nick Longworth second. Monarch
third. Time, l:tt&
CHILD SPENDS NIGHT
IN THE CITY PRISON
little Ellen Harvey, Who Waa Kid
naped by Her Mother in Un
accustomed Lodgings.
Little eleven-year-old Ellen Harvey
spent last night in charge of the
matron at the City Prison because her
divorced parents quarreled over which
shall have custody of her. The child's
father, William Harvey, got a divorce
from her mother in 1897 and was
awarded custody of four children.
Ellen was the one dearest to him.
The mother drifted to this city, and
four years ago married J. Newberg,
a saloon-keeper at 66 Jackson street.
Harvey lived at Redding with his
four children. Last Wednesday Mrs.
Newberg made a flying trip to Red
ding and induced little Ellen to leave
with her. The father was distracted
by the disappearance of his favorite
child. He suspected that the mother
had a hand in it and traced the pair
to this city, where he engaged Attor
ney William Barnes. A writ of ha
beas corpus was granted by Judge
Lawlor and the mother surrendered
the child, who was taken in charge
by the matron at the City Prison.
Judge Lawlor will decide to-day as to
which parent is entitled to custody of
of the child.
The father says that the mother
visited the children only once a year.
He says he thinks Mrs. Newberg want
ed to put little Ellen on the variety
stage, as the child is bright -and tal
ented.
SAILOR WANTS DAMAGES. —Gustave Carl
son filed a suit yesterday In the United States
District Court to recover $3132 from the Amer
ican steamer Cbico for wages and personal in
juries. Carlson alleges that through negligence
of the master and owners of the vessel his
left band was mangled in a winch.
JOCKEYS M'BRIDE AND W. DAVIS APPEAR
TO THEIR BEST ADVANTAGE AT OAKLAND
Sea Air Downs Both
Silverskin and
Dr. Leggo.
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
The alertness of Jockey Mcßride
stood him in good stead at Oakland
yesterday and the youngster demon
strated effectively that he is a mud
rider for fair. Three of the winners,
David Boland, Oro Viva and Sea Air,
but one, the first named, a favorite,
were driven in by Mcßride, and the
Knebelkamp pilot finished second on
Dora I and third astride Silurian be
sides. As a post rider Mcßride has no
equal at Oakland, but his clever work
was somewhat dimmed by a seemingly
unquenchable desire to resort to rough
tactics. Possibly the young man likes
to pay fines and take vacations on
the ground. W. Davis also kept his
excellent average up by twice passing
the wire on winners, as well as being
placed with Silverskin.
- A first-class card drew a large at
tendance and little fault could be
found with the caliber of the sport.
While the course itself looked slushy
and uninviting, form was well main
tained, three public choices earning
brackets and outsiders being kept
well in the background. Haven Run
at o\'z to 1 proved the longest priced
winner of the afternoon.
FAVORITE FIRST AT WIRE.
Serenity, the entry of Dayton &
Kahn, was much the best of the dozen
starters in the opening mile selling
run, and won easily, after looking
hopelessly out of it at one stage. Al
Waddle and Maxtress alternated in
cutting out the pace for half the route,
then Maxtress forged ahead. The lat
ter tired the last furlong, and C. Mil
ler, bringing Serenity along, scored
without difficulty by a length. Sam
Greenfield kept Al Waddle going long
enough to take the show. The winner
went to the post a 13 to 5 favorite.
In the selling number for 3-year-olds
at six furlongs, David Boland, the
favorite, with Mcßride in the saddle,
made his company look like thirty
cents. At the wire David finished un
der wraps, with Handy Bill, the closest
horse, six lengths away. Golden Buck,
which met with some interference at
the start, ran a fair third.
Willie Harris finally drew down a
purse with Haven Run. The gelding
was 5% to 1 in the betting on the split
of the mile selling fixture. And. ridden
by Davis, won all the way. The fa
vorite, Silurian, lost the place to War
Times, the mount of Tommy Clark.
Trapsetter. a warm tip, finished back
in the bunch.
McBRIDE LANDS AGAIN.
Mcßride landed his second winner
when he placed Oro Viva over the
home plate winner of the mile and 100
yard run, also decided under selling
conditions. Mcßride kept Bullman,
astride Darksome, pinned in on the
rail where the going was deepest, arid
at the finish received a neck decision
over Briers, the lukewarm favorite.
Travers, who rode Dr. Rowell's marc,
bumped El Piloto and Darksome the
last part of the race and was disquali
fied. This moved Darksome into
second place and gave the show to
El Piloto.
At any of the shorter sprinting dis
tances Bell, Reed seems well nigh
unbeatable; that is. in his class. The
chestnut had a decided call in the
betting on the five and a half furlong
scramble, and. excellently ridden by
L%.vis, assumed the leading position
early, and at the wire disposed of
Dora I with something in reserve.
Matt Hogan moved up from fifth po
sition, leading Hainault, the second
choice, out for the small end of the
purse.
Charley McCafferty's good colt, Dr.
Leggo. a 7 to 10 favorite for the con
cluding six-furlong purse affair, for
three-year-olds, was not there with his
customary assortment of speed. Bon
ner rode the Doctor, of course, and
picked the worst going he could find,
finishing third. The smart division
played Silverskin and, they went down,
too. Mcßride got away sailing with
Sea Air. and. in a driving finish,
downed the gray mare more than a
length. The favorite ran third.
TRACK NOTES.
J. W. Brooks of Ascot Park was a
visitor at Oakland yesterday.
"Kansas" Price, who sent School
mate down to Los Angeles last week,
will ship the balance of his string to
the southern city within a few days.
Tony Barrett is now the owner of
Silicate, having purchased the mare
from Walter Jennings. She is a full
sister to Fossil.
Keene & Co. have sold The Repro
bate, and Mansard will be fired. Jack
Keene leaves for Kentucky soon.
Walter Jennings has received an of
fer for Arabo from "Kansas" Price,
and the chestnut horse will likely
change hands. Arabo is at present in
Los Angeles. <
Charley Henshall is hot on the trail
of any horses trained by George
Wentworth ever since the latter
claimed Ishlana. After Oro Viva had
run the fourth race Henshall bid the
bay horse up from $800 to $I<2oo and
secured him.
Frank Doss is also out and ready
with his halter ever since Major Man
sir was claimed. He bid up David
Boland from $600 to $1200, but did
not secure the three-year-old, aa
Baird & Co. came back with the cus
tomary »$ 5 to retain.
The decision of the judges disqual
ifying Briers met with general ap
proval. The rough riding of Travers
was no doubt unintentional, but that
is no excuse for knocking down half
the horses starting in a race.
Every time the names of Miss Cul
ver or Handy Bill appear among the
entries it rains.
Both Princess Zula and Golden
Buck were interfered with at the start
by David Boland.
Davis, who rode Silverskin, lodged
a claim of foul with the judges against
Mcßride, the pilot of Sea Air. Mc-
Bride did some jockeying all right,
but as Davis has been handy at the
same game himself the officials proba
bly concluded to let the numbers
stand as they finished.
Roach May Be Drafted.
CINCINNATI, Jan. 9.—At a long
session of the National Baseball Com
mission to-day various pending dif
ferences between the national associa
tion and the minor leagues were set
tled. In the case affecting Roach's
connection with the Butte, Montana,
club, the minors to-day finally acqui
esced in the decision of the national
commission that that player had
signed a non-reserve contract and
therefore was subject to draft.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND—Monday, Van, i. Weather cloudy. Track sloppy- ,
T6QB. FIRST RACE—One mile; gelling;; 4-year-okW and upward; value to first, $328.
Zl ™ — 11 " • ———— ■— ~~ "« ,_ r\wK I*^l
Owner.
t. 4.
4-
"065
7086
7630
7037
7C8S
7066
707.8
7668
7065
7648
7078
Serenity. 4 (Dayton & Kahn)|106 7 7 *i 8 h 7 4 8n 11
Maxtrcss. 4 (Kronick & Co.).[105 1 1*122 14 11 2 *
Al Waddle, 4 (S. J. Jones)...| 99 2 3 1 1 n 2 142 143
M. Culver, a (Van Bokkelen)jl04' 5 4 245 1 5 145 4 4 h
Sir Oouftal, a (P. Sheridan).. 11001 9 6 244 143 144 2 5 8
Dandie Belle, a (Winter & J.) 104| « 5n 64 62 74 6n
(Penzance, 5 (H. Stover) llOOill 11 5 11 5 11 5 8 1 7 14
iPetrclia, 5 (D. McCarthy) [106il2 12 12 12 10 2 8 2
ILoeturer. a <J. J. Coalter).. .|10!>[ 8 81 7 n 8 % 8 1 9 3
Carilee. a (U Redem e yer)... |109|l0 10 1 10 1 10 a 12 10 24
Kubellk. 5 (Emeryville Stable)!106| 3 2n 3n 446 4115
[Resin. 6 (M. J. Devers) |lll[ 4 9 149 2 9 411 2 12
JC. Miller..
S
0
10
10
8
7-2
15
12
30
30
12
30
[Minder
Greenfield .
iMcBride ..
iBoll
Banner ...
Hoffman . ■
ILoae-ue
|J. Jones—
[Alarle
Time—:2s%. :50%. 1:17%, 1:45. At post 3 minutes. Off at 2:14. Serenity. Pl* e '- ■*j
show, 3-5. Maxtress, place, 2; show. 1. Waddle, show, 2. Winner, br. m by l * Jl~
lighter-Serene. Trained by F. T. Hlnkey. Scratched—Teufel, Cracko. Start goon,
won easily. Balance driving. Winner was jumped on at first turn and thrown out oi
it. She proved pounds the best. * Maxtress tired. Al Waddle lasted well. Miss Cimer
ran a fair race. i)andie Belle no account.
761MJ. SECOND RACE—Six furlongs; sslltng; three-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Horse and Owner.
4-
\. Str. Fin.
7682 David Boland (Balrd & Co.)..
(7671) Handy Bill (D. Zelinsky)
7677 Golden Buck tMrs. Schorr)..
7667 Fay Templeton (G. Dodge)...
7638 Mabel Bates (G. Strobel)
7079 Princess Zula (Lagora & F.).
7090 Fisher Boy (K. E. Burnett)..
1 ... 13 17 16 16 |McBride ..
4 ... C 10 It h 5 1 2 2 iW. Daly...
5 ... 4 143 h 2.1%3 14lGreenfleld .
2 ... 3 h 2 143 2 4 3 |J. Jones...
3 ... 2n6 15 4n52 iBonner
« ... 5n 4n 65 « 4 1W. Davis..
7 ... 7 7 7 7 |J. Boyd....
Time—:24%. :45%, 1:15%. At post 2 minutes. Off at 2:40%. Boland. place. 1-2; show,
3-10. Bill, place, 5-2; show, 0-10. show 3-5. Winner, b. g. by David Tenny-
Ella Boland. Trained by W. M. Eaird. Scratched—Lily Golding, Big Beach. Alone.
Start good. Won under double wraps. Second easily. Third driving. Winner bid up
from $(M) oto $1200 by F. W. Doss, but .wa« retained A gallop for the winner. At the
start Mcßride cut across his field, serlouslv interfering with Princess Zula and Golden
Buck. Fay Templeton quit. Handy Bill ran a clever race In going not to his liking.
Fisher Boy no sr»eed.
7097. THIRD RACE—One mile; 4-year-olds nnd up: selling; value to flrat. $325.
I
Horse and Owner.
m. 4-
%. Str. Fin. I
Jockey.
inaexj Horse and Owner. IWtiSt. 4. 4- Str. Fin. I Jockey. I
7078 [Haven Kun, 4 (Harris & Co.);i01! 4 14 14 18 14 IS IW. Davis..
7t'f»5 War Times, 4 <Mrs. Grshm)|10l! 9 2 n 2 2 2 3 2 142 1 IT. Clark...
7K7S ISilurlan. a (Lnmasncv Bros). IOC| 2 3 % 4 n 3 tt 4 3 3 5 IMcBrlde ..
7449 (Dr. Ehorb. 6 (W. McNamcs).. 1061 6 5 1 8 1V44 t'.3 4 4 24|Loague
7683 [CharnteF, S <R. E. Rridgett). .|104| 7 4?; 5 4 5 4*5 245 14IJ. Jones...
7666 Glenarvon, S (Summers «fc Cb.mlti fin 6 4 6 l" ft 2 ft n |Mlnder
7650 Homage, a (Stephenson) (104 8 9 1 8 8 8 4 8 4 7 4 |U Fountain
7681 Trapsetter. 4 (U H. Ezell) jtOtilO 8 4 7 4 7 >■'. 7 4 8 10 (Barrett
76W cinnabar. 4 (E. A. Chappell).. 10S! 5 1<> 9 2>'.9 2* 9 2 9 3 JAlarie
703S |Gin Spray, a (R. de Neffe) |tlli 17 3 K» io 10 10 |H. Michaels
op. vt .
5 11-2
5 9-2
5-2 4
20 30
10 15
10 »
15 20
8 6
I B
10 15
Time— :25<;, :50J/ 4 , 1:1614. 1:43%. At post IV, minutes. Off at 3:044. Run. place, 2; show.
1. Tim-a. place. 2; show. 1. Silurian, show. I. Winner, b. g. by Prig-Handy Cup.
Trained by W. Harris. Scratched—.l. V. Klrby, Tannhauser Start gcod. Won easily.
Second handily. Third driving. Haven Run had the speed. He pulled up on three legs.
Silurian had no excust-s. Trapsetter receivtd Mjpport, but requires stronger handling.
Cinnabar could not untrack himself in the going.
TIIDS. EOI P.TH RACE—One mile and 100 yards; 4-year olds and up; selling; to first, $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. |Wtj8t. %• %■ Str. Fin. I Jaickey.
76»3 [Oro Viva, 5 (Rlly & McRae)..lllO: 3 4h2hlhlnln '(McBride ..
f'TOO) Brjp-s. .". (H. E. Buwpil) 11011 4 fi 114(5 5 4 1U3 2 *2 1 ...
(7651) Dark* one, 4 (J. Touhey) 111,5 1 h In 2 3 "2 3 3 n IBullman ..
7642 El-riloto. a (H. W. Hoag) 11* 7 3 1 II Si 4 1%4 4 |j. Jones...
f7681) Augle, C (H. E. MaglM) |l02l I 5 1 5 H 5 «' t 5 4 52 IBonner
7«8't IHirka, 4 fC. T. Henshall) ! !>>' 2 2 1 4 n « 6 « 2 6 6 >.T. Kelly...
7633 !H»rniPncia. a (W. Cahill) \ 97| 6 7 7 7 7 7 [Earrett
[WtfSt. '4.
%. Str. Fin.
CI.
8 13-5
8-5 12-5
B «
B 9-2
6 9
IB 40
30 60
Time—-.25. :50%. 1:1*14, 1:4414, 1:90%. At post 3 minutes. Off at 3:31. Viva, place. 6-5;
show. 8-8. Darksome, place. 2: show. 1. El Piloto. show. 9-10. Winner, b. h. by Golden
Garter-Joe Viva. Trained by G. Wentworth. Scrat.-hed— Meisterslnger, Mindanao, Scots
man. Royalty. Start fair. Won all driving. Winner bid up frcm $800 to $1200
hy C T. Henshall and sold. Mcßride on winner bumped El Piloto on
back stretrh and al.-o saw that Bullman got his. He should play center rush on the IT. O.
team. Briers was badly jostled at first turn and was then disqualified for fouling El
Piloto and Darksome at the end. In the good footing Darksome might have won. »Dls
qualilied for fouling and placed last. ,
7<M*o. FIFTH BA("E—Five and a half furlont,s: selling: four-year-olds and up; first. $325.
<7«84)IBell Reed, B (Fitzirld & Cre*)tl06i 2 ... U 12 1 14 |W Davis..
7684 iDnra f. 6. (J. Rvan) 1100! 4 ... 2 »i 2 s , 2 3 2 4 McBride ..
7866 Matt llosran. * (Romiffh) !115j 1 ... 5 4 4 »i 3 2 3 14IT. Clark...
f7*J*7) I H a I n a u 1 r. « (J." Renvey> il 10 3 ... 3 2 I 3 4 4 4 15 !Oreenfl?ld
7.-.70 iRagrarnk II. a (Rear Gd Stb)l1fijV 5 .. 4 145 245 5 5 4 IT. Stewart
7089 F; E. .S'.iaw. 4 < Bl.ir. hi&MoGVUOl 7 ... 6 % 6 4 ft 1 ft 24'Bell
6C58 riiahlis. 4 (D. Zelinsky) i10»j S ... 7 20 7 15 7 10 7 10 IKennedy ...
iRecipe. 5 (.1. HaokctO |103| 8 ... 8 8 8 8 iKing;
6-5
8
6
100
20
100
100
Time— :24. :40tj 1:00%. At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:58. R-ed. place. 9-20: out show. Dora,
plare. 2: shr.v.-. 7 10. Hogan. show. 3-5. Wipncr. eh. g. by Captive-Miss Gentry. Train
ed hy J. Krause. Scratched—Silent Water, Arcade. Go Lucky, Redan. Pure Dale. Start
good. Won handily. Balance driving. Winner btst. Dora I ran a clever race. Matt
Hogan lacked early speed. Hainault quit. F. E. Shaw won't do.
7700. SIXTH RACE—Six furlongs; purse: thr.-e-yar-olds: value to first, $325.
76S0 [Sea Air (T. K. McLaughlin).. [101
78!>0 Isilverskin (Brinkworth & Co)!l06
r7628) Or. DegRO (G. TV. Wilson)... 112
7<55K !Ynda (W. Cahlll) llOfl
7664 IDownpatrick (Rvan & Co)...1108
iCan"t Tell (Papinta Stock Fm)!108
I 1
... 11 1 *4 1 % 1 1'4IMcBride ..
... 2 2.1 m. Davis..
... 4 n 4 3 4 5 3 n I Bonner ...
... 3 2 3 lWMft 4 10 !H. Michels
... 5 5 5 10 6 15 5 10 |J. Jones....
... 6 6 6 I [Hoffman ..
2 14-5
A 5
7-10 3-4
7 13
20 30
50 200
Time—:24";. :48%, 1:14%. At post 3% minutes. Off at 4:28. Sea Air. place, 7-10; out
show. Silvernkin. place. 7-5; show, 1-2. Leggo. out show. Winner, br. f. by Pirate of
Pcnzanre-Fragrance. Trained by T. E. McLaughlin. Scratched —Peggy O'Xeil, Smithy
Kane. Pelham, Piatt. Arlsbe. Start good. Woo all driving. Mcßride on winner away
sailing. Silverpkln received smart support and ran an Improved race. He was bumped
last part by winner. Dr. Leggo in rail going. He can do better. Tada ran a clever race.
Suspicious Race
Arouses the
Judges.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 9.—Rain fell
throughout the races at Ascot to-day.
but the changed track conditions did
not puzzle the talent to any great ex
tent. Three favorites won and the
other successful horses were well
played. Andrew Mack was made a
strong favorite for the fifth, but ran
such a bad race that the judges an
nounced that the entry of this horse
would be refused hereafter, pending
an lnvestisation. Jocxey Fuller in
formed the judges that the horse was
so stiff he could scarcely get up a
gallop.
Ray won the first race easily at 8
to 1. The 2-year-old race was easy
for the James entry. Silver Wedding
finishing ahead of the field. Hans
Wagner galloped home In the third,
and Escamado was the good thing
in the fourth. Merwan ran one of his
consistent races, winning the fifth in
easy style from Wenrick and Water
cure. Jockey Kern had four mounts,
won with three of them and finished
third with the other. Weather rainy,
track sloppy. Summary:
First race, one mile—Ray. 105 (Kent), 8 to 1.
won; Ethel Scroggs. 105 (Miller), 7 to 2, sec
ond; Wager, 107 (Herbert), 15 to 1, third.
Time. 1 -45. Cloverton, Ben Lear, Jingler and
Mr. Robinson also ran.
Second race, three furlongs—Silver Wedding.
110 (Kent), 7 to 10, wonj Dorothea Fry, 110
(Walsh), 6 to 1. second; Pirate's Dance. 112
(Dugan). 10 to 1. third. Time, :37. Kittle B,
Azuba. Ralncloud, Wee Girl and Daisy Brouck
also ran.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards—
Hans Wagner. 10S (Walsh). 3 to 5. won: Ralph
Young, 95 (McDanlel). 10 to 5. second: Evea G.
92 (Moriarlty), 18 to 5, third. Time. 1:47.
No other starters.
Fourth race, five furlongs—Escanado, 107
(Truebel). 3 to 5. won; Ralph Reese. 109
(Walsh), 15 to 1. second; Plnicado, 100 (Miller).
12 to t third. Time. 1:01%. The Novice and
Crown Princess also started.
Fifth nice, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Merwan, 101 (Herbert). 4 to 1, won:
Wenrick, 109 (Russell). 7 to 1, second; Water
cure. 106 (Kent), 30 to 1. third. Time, 1:51.
Dutiful and Andrew Mack also ran.
Sixth race, six furlongs; selling—Revel, 95
(Kent), 6 to >, won: Del Corcnado. 102 (Mc-
Danlel), 5 to 1, second; Light of Day, 96 (Fitz
gerald). 3 to 1, third. Time. 1:16. Home
bred. Suele Christian. Sir Christopher. Jardln
de Paris, Miss Powell and Eva D also ran.
Pacific National League Quits.
SPOKANE, Jan. 9. —President W.
11. Lucas of the Pacific National
League stated to-day that he had been
officially notified by the Boise, Idaho,
club that the pennant winners of last
year would not be in the league this
year. This means that there is no
Pacific National League and that the
players reserved under Its franchise
are released. The rule provides that
each league shall consist of at least
four clubs in four cities. Lucas and
John McCloskey are now in Spokane
to organize a new circuit.
Handicap Is the
Feature at
Oakland.
The handicap at six and a half fur
longs is the special attraction at Oak
land to-day. Among the starters are
such clever sprinters as Martinmas,
Venator, Judge, Romaine and Gate
way.
First race—Six furlongs, maiden three-year
old Allies.
7679 Nika (Ezell) 108
7653 Pearl Waters (Waters) 108
7047 Lady Redhead (Rear Guard Stable)..loß
7679 Julia South (De la Montanya) 108
7047 Lucrece (Macdonough) 108
7047 Princess Wheeler (Jennings) 108
7618 Morita (Napa Stock Farm) 108
7647 Elba (Sheridan) 108
Pousse Cafe (Roach & Landsberg).. .108
7671 Macene (Esell) 108
7082 Prickles (Magill) 108
Second race—Five and a half furlongs, three
year-olds, selling.
7608 'Royal Sweepstakes (Miller) 98
7647 *Saccharate (Napa Stock Farm) 96
7071 San Jose (Wilson) 106
(7653)Melar (Strabel) '. 101
7636 'Entre Nous (Nealon) 100
7671 'Del Carina (Clark) 104
7647 'Smllax (Sheridan) 96
7696 Fay Templeton (Dodge) 106
(7696)' David Boland (Balrd) 108
Third race—Six furlongs, four-year-olds and
up, selling.
7646 'Profitable (Winter) 10ft
(7KB.l)Distrlbutor (Nell) !!106
7571 Langford James (Cotton) . !106
767.i 'Lady Kent (Ryanr 102
7689 *Dr. Sherman (Hoppas) 109
7681 Box Elder (Moran) , ioe
7007 Silicate (Jennings) !!!104
7675 Barendos (Scharetg) ".' 114
7075 Royal White (Lowrie) 1.109
7686 'Flaneur (Murray) 100
7339 The Pride (Neale) '"109
7685 Yellowstone (Fine) 11°
7677 J. H. Bennett (Romigh) ! 109
7ti(••!> Albermarle (Quinlan) "114
6025 The Hawaiian (Wilson) !'. !!106
Forrth race, six and a half furlongs, rfhree
year-olds and ud, handicap.
7»i92 Martinmas (Henshall) U2
7556 Gateway (Burnett) 10 f
7<iP4 Venator (Rowell)
7662 Bombardier (Skinner) Ift S
7680 Sea Voyage (Mill?r) St
7692 Judge (McAlester) 104
7614 Komalne (Scharetg) 104
Fifta race, one rnlie. four-year-olds and ud
selling.
TOM 'Bin Massie (McAlester) inj
7565 Scotch Lad (Ryan) fXi
7590 'Jack Habert (Fountain) .. loi
7668 Bob Palmer (Coalter) i/vi
7668 Cracko (Fitzgerald) iJS
7«7.'J Mr. Fartium (Wilson) }}£
7617 El Moro (Stuart) [j£
7627 'Major Tenny (Piedmont Stable')lo6
7686 Step Around (Boyle)
7686 Isabellita (Ronaldson) iXo
7657 'Barney Dreyfuss (DeNeffe) ~****!! 96
Sixth race, one and three-sixteenths of a
mile, fcur-year-olds and up, selling
7693 'Stilicho (Baker City Stable) »9
7688 'Little Wally (Brlnkworth) . ios
7610'Byronerdale (Crane) "101
7662 'Modicum (Fountain) ur,
7687 'Flying Torpedo (Ezell) 93
•Apprentice allowance.
BANKRUPT WOOD DEADER.—M. X Bell
wood dealer, Stockton, filed a petition In Insol
vency yesterday in the United States Circuit
Court. He owes $12,393 and has $5000 asset*.
HORSES WHICH
FIGURE TO WIN
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
First race — Lucrece, Princes*
Wheeler, Macene.
Second race—David Boland, Del
Carina, Entre Nona.
Third race—Lady Kent, Albemarle,
Dr. Sherman.
Fourth race—Martinmas, Romsine,
Venator.
Fifth race—Major Tenny, Barney
Dreyfuss, IsabeUita.
Sixth race—Byronerdale, Little
Wally. Stllicho.»
BIG WRESTLERS
MEET TO-NIGHT
Jenkins and Carkeek Will
Compete on the Mat for
Championship of Country
Jack Carkeek will make his San
Francisco bow to-night on the big mat
at Woodward's Pavilion to swap trials
of his great strength with Tom Jen
kins. For more than fifteen years
Carkeek has held the palm at catch-as
catch-can wrestling, defying the best
men in the world to put his shoulders
to the floor in this particular style of
the game. Jenkins has won and lost
with men that Carkeek has never met
in the last few years and he is consid
ered America's greatest wrestler be
cause Carkeek has spent most of the
last few years in foreign lands. In
bringing them together Manager Mor
ris Levy has made one of the most in
teresting matches possible and the en
tertainment promises great results.
The catch-as-c'atch-can style permits
of more action than any other. Prac
tically any hold is permitted, the legs
as well as the arms being brought into
frequent play. To eliminate any aem
blance of brutality the strangle hold
has been barred; everything else goes,
and the spectators will see some clever
tricks between these two masters.
Falls are limited to an hour each, best
two in three, but both men say there
will be no need of the stipulation. They
are both out to win early.
To popularize the sport with ladies
it has been determined to admit them
free when accompanied by escorts, and
the balcony will be reserved for the
gentler sex.
Shortly after 8 o'clock the prelimi
nary match will be called between two
local favorites, George Braun and Al
Brill, representing rival clubs. This
bout will be under the same conditions
as the big affair. George Miehling will
act as referee.
FAINTS AND FALLS INTO
AN OPEN FIREPLACE
Mendocino County Resident Is Se
verely Burned at His Home
Near Covelo.
COVELO. Jan. 9.—News has Just
been received here of the severe burn
ing of Charles Coulter at his home on
the North Eel River yesterday. While
sitting in front of a fireplace he fainted
and fell into the fire. The upper part
cf his body was badly burned and he
Is not expected to live.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
In July, 1883, I began to break out with
Eczema on my head, legs and arms, and
began treatment with local doctors, but
did not get much relief. They said the dis
ease had become chronic. I then quit them
and tried various ointments and soaps for
another two years, but as soon as cold
weather came I was as bad off as ever, so I
finally decided to let medicine alone, and
for twelve or thirteen years did nothing
towards curing the Eczema, except bath
ing. This seemed to do about as much
good as anything I had tried.
During the time I lost about one-half of
my hair. I began S. S. S. doubtful of a
cure, because the disease had run so long,
but soon discovered your medicine was
doing me good, and continued to take it.
I used seven bottles, when I was com
pletely cured, not having a single spot on
my body, which before was almost com
pletely covered. F. C. Norfolk.
1017 Hackberry St., Ottumwa, la.
The head*, feet and hands are usually
the parts affected, though the disease ap
pears on other parts of the body. While ex
ternal applications allay the itching and
burning temporarily, it is the acids thrown
off by the blood that cause the irritation
and eruptions upon the skin. The acids
must be neutralized and the system cleans
ed of all humors and poisons before the
cure is permanent.
4«fll S. S. S. is guaran
■ 1 B ' 1 ' teea entirely free
m A Ok of Potash, Arsenic
Wk anc * °ther miner-
als. Book on the
Wft Mf skin and its dis
k H t Ik I eases sent free.
BaaW Medical advice
■jjpr BJHr furnished free.
The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, 6a.
(Author of "Hand's System of Handicapping
and Turf Speculator's Guide.")
BOOMS 1-2-3-4, 850 MABKET ST.
San Francisco.
Our figures are based strictly on the class
and form of horses and Jockeys aa shown in
ACTUAL, races—not "inside information" or
"workouts"—the result being that we obtain
an average of OVER 40 PER CENT OP THE
WINNERS CONTINUOUSLY.
Call and Investigate us and our methodr of
dclng business. V
Terms —$3.00 Bally. $15.00 Weekly or
$50.00 Monthly.
REFERENCES—AN Jf reputable racing a—
In America.STEAMSHIP CHINA SAILS TO-DAY FOR THE FAR EAST
WITH GOLD BULLION WORTH $2,500,000 FOR JAPAN
Liner Will Carry Many Passengers and a Large Cargo
Lakme Is Badly
Damaged on
Drydock,
The Pacific Mail Company's liner
• na. Captain Friele. will sail to-day
the Far East, carrying a full car
a fortune in gold bullion and
my passengers. Of freight she will
have stowed in her holds nearly 4000
tons. The gold bullion she will carry
to Japan is worth in the world's mar
ket just $2,500,000. and her passen
gera include all sorts and conditions
of men.
Among the hundred people in her
cabins will be army and navy officers,
business men. Government officials of
high and low degree, tourists and
globe-trotters. Lieutenant E. Coontz
of the navy will be a passenger as far
as Honolulu. Among the passengers
for Japan will be Bishop C. Par
tridge and wife, whose destination is
Kobe. E. Vii Shi Vi a Chinese man
darin, who has been In Washington
' on business connected with the Gov
ernment at Peking, will return to
China on the liner. Drs. Edwin and
H. .Tanss of Los Angeles, who will be
passengers on the China, are starting
on a tour of the world.
% ♦
Wrecked on the Drydock.
' Placinz the steam schooner Lakme on the
• drydock at Hunters Point has proved more
disastrous for the coaster than all the bump
ing she experienced on the Humboldt bar.
When the Sea Rover, which brought the
Lakme in from sea. shoved her waterlogged
charge Inside the big basin the Lakme, al
though full of water, was sound of hull. So
'jight, In fact, were the coaster s seams that
holes had to be bored through the planking,
as the. drydock slowly emptied, to release the
water shipped at sea. Before the Lakme's
hull was out of water the steam schooner,
which had not been securely braced, toppled
over and in the fall several of the keel blocks
were driven through the Lakme's timbers. A*
a result of this fall the Lakme is a good dea
of a wreck and the cost of repairing her will
now be some thousands of dollars greater than
it. otherwise would have been.
Well-Known Horse Is Dead.
Tre big roan horse which for man> y™»
ha* stood oooslt? 26 California street during
a larga part cf every business day dropped
rflea'd yesterday. The animal belonged to L.
Footer & Co.. was more than twenty-six years
■!d and weighed 1850 pounds. For more than
a score of years the horse has been In the
firm's service and not many business men are
better known than was this great roan steed.
.The animal was large and powerful. Early
ih its career the roan developed a habit of
sarm.llnt: the shoulders of passersby and as
"far back as the present California-street gen
eral i.n remembers It has worn a stout leather
muz-.le It preferred to stand with fore feet
.in the sidewalk, th? better to dip its nose Into
the passing streem of humanity, for in spite
muzzled mouth the roan to the end enjoyed
its ability to cause the dignified to dodge, r/hc
big roan has gone, but for rrrany days fre
.rjenters of lower California street will side
step as they pass the hoof-bruken curb opposite
No. 26.
Encounters Many Gales.
The big four-masted schooner Fearless, Cap
tain Lllyqulst. which arrived yesterday, slx
teen days from Bellingham, had a tempestu
ous trip. Gales from the east and south
east were encountered for eight days and long
Wors the Golden Gate was reached Captain
l.ilyouist had formed decided opinions on the
ol sad vantages of coasting in winter. The
usually goes off shore. She brought
fmm Belllnsham 900,000 feet of lumber.
Will Sail January 28.
The Pacific Mail Company's liner Manchu
ria Captain Saunders, which left Yokohama
January " and Is coming direct to this port,
will sail again for the Far East on January
2S It is expected that before she next
reaches San Francisco she will have caught
UD with the schedule, which was rearranged
when the liner Gaelic was taken oft the run.
Only One Overdue.
The name of only one vessel Is at present
on the overdue board at the Merchants' Ex
change. The solitary belated windjammer ii
the British bark Stork, now out 106 days from
Hudsoa Bay for London. She Is quoted at 75
j»r cent, and hope of her ever showing up is
fast fading.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship Nelson (on Puget Sound*
was chartered prior to arrival for lumber
'thence to the United Kingdom (terms private).
Small Cargo for German Liner.
• The German steamer Saxonia of the Kosmoe
line sailed on Sunday for Hamburg and way
ports with a small cargo, valued at $12,594.
to be distributed as follows: For Central
America, $1702; Peru. $2711; Chile, $4081; Ger
many, $1600; France. $2000. The principal
' shipments were as follows:
To Central America—9sos lbs tallow, 80 sks
coal, 04 ska coke 200 ctls corn, 600 lbs cod
' fish, II) c» olive oil. 12 cs canned goods, 225
lbs 1 cs dried fruit, 5 cs canned salmon, 50
crte potatoes.
To Peru—loo bbls flour, 208 gals wine, 40
cs assorted canned goods, 10 cs canned salmon.
718 ctls corn, 2 cs candy. 0 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 3949 lbs talloW, 4 bbls oil. 15,060 ft
lumber. ~ „„_
To Chile—l7,oß7 lbs tallow. 63< cs canned
salmon. 10 bbls salad oil. 35 colls rope.
To Germany—s673 lbs beeswax.
To France—24 pkgs household gooda
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, y. S. N. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 9, 1905.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
builduts was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
1 t at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. ra. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to Han Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
the city fivnt (Mission-street wharf) about 26
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 10.
Sun rlees 7:25
fun sets 5:11
Moon sets 10:02 p. m.
iTfme ITtmel 'Time Time
Ft. j Ft. Ft. Ft.
IH Wl fL Wj [H W L. W|
T~3:23| 4.8r8:37l~3Tr 2:131 4.8f8:8T 0.8
4:00 4.8 9:40 2.9 S:06| 3.9 0:18 12
4:35 4.9 10:45 2 6 4:121 3.6 10:08 1.7
5:14 4.9!ll:38 2.3 6:8T 3.4|10:5S 2.1
5:50! 5.0112:3l! 1.8 6:58 8.»11:49 2.4
: 0:28] 5.2| 1:22| 1.2| 8:14: 3.0|
3:231 4.;
4:00 4.:
4:35! 4.
5:14 4.!
5:501 5.1
C:28l 5.:
NOTE—In the above exposition of the tides
the early- morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to lime; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tide*, as
konvtimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the eoundinga of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( —)
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference le the mean
•f the lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. j Due.
Porno Point Arena & Albion.. | Jan. 10
Cascade Grays Harbor IJan. 10
Kureka Humboldt Jan. 11
Areata Coos Bay & Pt. Oxford;Jan 11
Umatilla } Puget Sound Ports Jan. 11
Coos Bay ; gan Pedro & Way Pts. IJan. 11
Rainier | Seattle & Belllngham.. |Jan. U
F. Kilburn. Portland & Coos Bay.. IJan. 11
Santa Rosa. ..I San Diego & Way Pts.|Jan. 12
Corona I Humboldt Jan. 12
Point Arena..: Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Jan. 12
Ctntralla Grays Harbor [Jan. 12
Doric China & Japan iJan. 12
City Panama. New York via Ancon..'.lan. 12
Ur.iHiir.se 1 Htlo iJan. 13
Tottenham... .'Nanaimo jJan. 13
Czarina i Coos Bay :J«n. 13
Kllzabeth 1 Coqullle River ,'Jan. 13
San Pedro I Humboldt 'Jan. 13
S. Barbara... 'San Pedro |Jan. 13
Q. W. fclu'er.. I Portland & Astoria.... I Jan. 14
S. Monica j San Pedro IJan. 14
Northland San Ptdro jJan. 14
Pomona I Humboldt 'Jan. 15
Arctic [Humboldt !.Ian. 15
Queen ; Pug*t Sound Ports.... IJan. 10
Breakwater... Coos Bay Jan. 10
State Cal I San Diego * Way Pts.Llan. 10
Jeanie : Seattle & Tacoma |Jan. 17
Alameda j Honolulu Jan. 17
Assuan Hamburg & Way Pts.'Jan. 17
Neko , Seattle |Jan. 17
Peru I New York via Aneon..|Jan. 18
Aurella Portland & Astoria. ... 'Jan. 18
Columbia.... i Portland & Astoria.... IJan. 19
TO SAIL,
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
! January 10. I I
J. Higgins.. i Los Angeles Pts...!ll am|Pler 2
Coronado... Grays Harbor j 4 pm'Pier 10
Chehalis Grays Harbor 3 pmPier 2
Vanguard.. . Humboldt 12 nr Pier 27
Samoa Los Angeles Pts... ilO am'Pler 2
China China & Japan j 1 pm Pier 40
City Puebla. 1 Fuset Sound Porta.|ll arniPler a
S. Cruz ISan Pedro & Way.j 9 am'Pler 11
January 11. ( ■
Centennial..iSeattle & Tacoma.J 5 pmlPier 20
Homer !Grays Harbor I |Pler 2
Pomona IHumboldt 11:30 p'Pier 9
Sequoia Willapa Harbor 112 mjPier 20
Arctic Humboldt I 9 am pler 2
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct....! 5 pm|Pier 8
January 12. I
Centralia... Los Angeles Pts... 110 am'Pier 10
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion! 6 pm Pier 2
Sierra Sydney Sc Way Pts.j 2 pm'Pier 7
Columbia... Astoria & Portlandill am|Pler 24
G. Dollar... Seattle direct ! 4 pmiPier 20
January 13. | !
S. Barbara. Grays Harbor ; 4 pmiPier 2
Areata Coos B. & Pt. OrfdllO am!Pier 13
G T.indauer. Grays Harbor I Pier —
Eureka Humboldt I 9 amiPler 13
San Pedro.. Los Angeles Ports.i 2 pm'Pier 2
January 14. I I
Point Arena Point Arena I 4 pm'Pier J
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am;Pier 11
Acapulco... N. Y. via l2 m!Pier 40
F. Kilburn..I Portland & Way.. 2 pmiPier 27
Rainier [Seattle & Bllnghm 4 pm|Pier 10
Ncwburg... | Gravs Harrier I 4 pmiPier 10
Corona Humboldt jl:30p|Pler 9
January IS,
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports, ill am'Pier 9
S. Rosa San Diego & Way.| 9 am'Pier 11
January 17.
G. W. Elder. Astoria & PortlandHl amiPler 2*
January 20. | I
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am'Pier 0
Jeanie...... Seattle & Tacoma.l 5 pmjPier 20
Steamer.
'. Higgins.. i
roronado... ,
... j
.'anguard...
Samoa j
'hina
:ity Puebla.'
5. Cruz I
FROM SEATTLE.
inter. Destination. j Sails.
Ion Skagway & Way Ports.1 Jan. U
■lor Valdez & Way Ports..IJan. 16
re City.. ; Skagway & Way Ports. IJan. 17
Clara.. | Valuiz & Seward [Jan. 21
son I Skagway & Was Ports. ;Jan 25
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. January 9.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 11 hours from Bow
ens Landing.
Stmr Melville Dollar. Fosen, 37 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr O. C. Lindauer, Allen, 65 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Del Norte. Payne, 35 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Breakwater, Seaman, 34 hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 67 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 41'/j hours.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, 18% hours from Eu
reka.
Stmi Newburg. Johnson, 68 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr State of California, Thomas. 42 hours
from San Diego and Way porte.
Schr Fearless, Lillyquist, 16 days from Bel
lincharo.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, 4 hours from
Bollnas.
Schr Advance, Ogldnessen. 14 days from Co
qulile River.
Schr C. A. Klose, Mercer, 14 days from Co
qutlle River.
CLEARED.
Monday, January 9.
Fr ship Villa dv Havre, Homo, Noumea,
New Caledonia; Roth, Blum A Co.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Alberta, San Pedro and
way ports; P C S S Co.
SAILED.
Monday, January 9.
Stmr Montara. Rellly, Seattle.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Czarina, Duggan, Cooa Bay.
Stmr. Fulton. Panzer, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Argo, Dunham, Eel River.
Stmr National City, Hammer, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Melville Dollar, Fosen, Mukllteo.
Stmr Redondo, Ahlln, Astoria.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. Caspar.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan. 9, 10 p. m.—Weather
foggy; wind NW; velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOB BAY—Arrived Jan 9—Stmr Allianoe,
from Portland; stmr Areata, hence Jan 6; stmr
F. A. Kllburn, from Portland, Or.
Sailed Jan 9—Stmr Alliance, for San Fran
cisco; stmr F. A. Kllburn. for Eureka.
UMPQUA RlVEß—Sailed Jan S— Schr Lucy,
for San Pedro.
SEATTLE —Sailed Jan B—Stmr Asuncion,
for San Franciaco.
Arrived Jan 9 —Stmr Jeanle, hence Jan 4.
REDONDO—Arrived Jan 9—Stmr Coos Bay,
hence Jan 0, and Bailed for San Pedro.
SANTA BARBARA—Arrived Jaa 9—Stmr
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1905.
FOUR-MASTED SCHOONER FEAR
LESS, WHICH HAD A STORMY
VOYAGE FROM BELLINGHAM.
Santa Rosa, hence Jan 8. and sailed for San
Diego and way ports.
GRAYS HARBOR—Arrived Jan 7—Schr Car
rier Dove, from San Pedro.
Arrived Jan B—Stmr W. H. Kruger, hence
Jan 6.
Sailed Jan B—Schrs Ensign, Espada and
Dauntless, for San Pedro; schr C. A. Thayer,
for San Francisco.
EUREKA—Arrived Jan 9—Stmr Charles
Nelson, hence Jan 7; stmr Corona, hence Jan 8.
ASTORlA—Arrived Jan B—Stmr George W.
Elder, hence Jan 7.
Arrived Jan 9—Schr* Ethel Zane, from San
Pedro.
TATOOSH—Passed out Jan 9—Br bark Crown
of Germany, from Port Gamble, for Port Pirie.
Passed out Jan 9—Br stmr Tottenham, for
San Francisco.
POINT REYES—Passed Jan 9—Stmr Noyo,
from Eureka for San Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE—Sailed Jan 9—Br ship
Braeadale. for Melbourne.
SAN DlEGO—Arrived Jan 9 —Stmr Artzonan,
from New York.
FORT BRAGC—Sailed Jan 9—Stmr James
S. Higgins. for San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO—Arrived Jan 9—Stmr Celia,
from Albion.
Sailed Jan 9—Stmr Coos Bay, for San Fran
cisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU—SaiIed Jan B—Ship Marion
Chilcott, for Monterey.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA—Arrived Jan B—Bark
Abbv Palmer, from Kaanapali.
NEW YORK—Arrived Jan 7—Br Bhip Drum
eltan from Hollo.
Sailed Jan B—Ship Henry Villard, for Hono
lulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
LIVERPOOL —Arrived Jan t>—Br stmr Ma
chaon. from Tacoma, Jan 7; Br ship Alcinous,
from Valparaiso.
ALGlEßS—Arrived Jan 4—Ger stmr Al
benga. from Yokohama, for New York.
COl.ON—Arrived Jan B—Stmr Seguranca,
from New York.
HONGKONG—SaiIed Dec 25—Br stmr Ara
gonia, for Portland.
COLON—Sailed Jan 4—Stmr City of Wash
ineton, for New York.
SINGAPORE—Arrived prior Jan 7—Br stmr
St. Fillans. from New York; prior Jan 9. Br
stmr Deucalion, from Tacoma. via Yokohama,
for Liverpool; Br stmr Indrapura, from New
York.
SANTA ROSALIA —Arrived Jan 9—Schr For
est Home, from Port Angeles.
VICTORIA—SaiIed Jan 9—Br stmr Totten
ham, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK—Arrived Jan 9—Stmr Zeeland,
from Antwerp; stmr Republic, from Genoa.
Reported. Jan 9. by wireless at Slascon
sett —Stmr Bluecher, from Hamburg, via Dover
and Boulogne
PLYMOUTH —Arrived Jan 9—Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm der Grosse, from New York, for Cher
bourg and Bremen, and proceeded.
BOULOGNE—SaiIed Jan 9—Stmr Ryndam,
from Rotterdam, for New York; stmr Pennsyl
vania, from Hamburg and Dover, for New
York.
DOVER —Arrived Jan 9—Stmr Vaderland,
from New York, for Antwerp, and proceeded.
COLOMBO —Arrived prior Jan 9—Stmr Ty
deus, from Londom. Amsterdam and Liver
pool, for Hongkong, etc.. and Seattle.
LONDON—Arrived Jan 9—Stmr Mlnne
tonka, from New York.
MOVlLLE—Arrived Jnn 9—Stmr lonian,
from St. John. N. 8., and Halifax, for Liver
pool, and proceeded.
Memoranda.
Per schr Fearless—Had succese of SE and
E winds for 8 days.
LONDON. Jan.. B.—Nagasaki telegraphs that
Br stmr Abbey Holme, from for , ar
rived at Mojl leaking; several rivets started
leaks in ballast tank forward: has been sur
veyed and repairs recommended.
CAPTAIN ANDERSON
ESCAPES BY BLUNDER
Prosecution Fails to Attempt to Prove
That the Schooner Vine Is an
American Vessel.
Because of a blunder made by the
prosecution, Olaf Anderson, master of
the schooner VJ/ie, escaped conviction
yesterday In tLe United States Dis
trict Court and was released. Captain
Anderson was charged with beating
and wounding his steward, John San
ders, on the high seas while the Vine
was at the Caroline Islands last Aug
ust. Sanders is a Japanese, and he
failed to have the captain's coffee on
time. The beating was proved by all
the witnesses and it looked like a
conviction until Judge de Haven ex
ploded a thunderbolt in his charge to
the jury. He said that among other
things, before a conviction could be
had, it was necessary that it should
have been proved that the Vine was
an American vessel. The jury might
possibly remember, said the Judge,
that such testimony had been intro
duced, but the court did not.
Upon this hint the jury acquitted
Captain Anderson.
Balcony Gives Way With Load.
A balcony in the rear of 106 Haight
street gave way yesterday while
Thomas Shea, who lives at 41 Erie
street, was passing over it with, a load
of coal on his back. Between the
weight of Shea's burden and the
broken pieces of wood he sustained
injuries about the head, shoulders
and back that necessitated his
moval to the Emergency Hospital for
treatment. This was given by Dr.
Herzog.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 9, S p. m.
The following meximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston 34-2*.New York 32-10
Chicago 22-10; Philadelphia 34-24
Cincinnati 24-14 Pittsburg 22-14
Honolulu. H. 1...70-58 St Douis 32-28
Jacksonville 46-32 Washington 34-20
New Orleans 52-44
SAN FRANCISCO 54-44
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 17.37 18.64
Red Bluff 0.12 14.98 12.60
Sacramento 0.88 U.tG 4.73
San Francisco 0.15 10.56 6.20
Fresno 0.03 6.21 .92
Independence 0.22 . 67 . 42
San Duis Obispo 0.20 6.67 .82
Los Angeles 0.80 4.36 .43
San Diego 1.00 3.39 .42
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS.
4§
(9 9
So
A
1
Pt.
Baker 30.26 20 10 SE Cloudy .00
("arson 29.88 42 32 NE Clear .0*
Eureka 29.88 50 38 N Clear .00
Fresno 29.76 50 34 NW Cloudy .08
S>E. Farallon.29.78 54 46 NW Clear Tr.
Flagstaff 29.74 34 26 SE Snow .60
Pocatello 30.22 30 06 W Clear .00
Independence 29.82 42 38 NW Cloudy .22
Los Angeles. .29.66 58 60 N Rain .72
Mt Tamalpals.29.S0 47 35 NW Clear .14
North Head...30.12 42 38 NW Clear .00
Phoenix 29.76 54 50 E Rain .88
Pt. Reyes 29.74 53 43 NW Clear .10
Portland 30.12 38 38 W Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.80 62 42 N Clear .02
Roseburg 30.10 36 30 SE Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..29.74 66 42 R Clear .88
Salt Lake 30.00 34 24 W Clear .00
San Francisco 29.82 54 44 W Clear .15
S. L. Obispo. .29.70 60 58 NE Cloudy .21
San Diego ...29.64 62 62 W Cloudv 1.00
Seattle 30.2U 40 28 NE Clear' .CO
Spokane 30.30 28 12 N Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 30.16 42 40 E Clear .00
Walla Walla. .30.30 32 24 8 , Cloudy .00
Winnemucca .29.98 42 20 NE r Clear .00
Yuma 29.66 64 46 8 Pt.CTdy .46
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generous rains have fallen in Southern Cali
fornia. Arizona and Southern Nevada. The
storm is moving slowly eastward along the
Mexican houndary.
Clear weather prevails in Northern Califor
nia. Oregon and Washington.
A maximum wind velocity of twenty-six
miles from the southeast is reported at San
Diego.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, January 10:
California, north of Tehachapi—Fair Tues
day, except showers In southern portion; light
south winds.
California, south of Tehachapi—Cloudy un
settled weather with showers Tuesday; fresh
south winds.
Nevada —Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Cloudy Tues
day; light north wind, changing to easterly.
Dos Angeles and vicinity—Showers Tues
day; light north winds, changing to westerly.
Sacramento—Fair Tuesday; light south
winds.
Fresno—Cloudy Tuesday; light north winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
STEAMBOAT COLLISION
UNDER INVESTIGATION
Masters of the Grace Dollar and the
Saint Helena Make Statements
of Conflicting Nature.
United States Local Inspectors
Bolles and Bulger began an investiga
tion yesterday into a collision which
occurred on the bay on December 15
between the steamer Grace Dollar and
the steamer Saint Helena.
E. M. Olsen, master of the Grace
Dollar, testified that at 2 o'clock on
the morning of the date mentioned,
while coming in abreast of Lombard
street wharf, he saw the Saint Helena
approaching and blew two blasts of
the whistle, while putting the helm
hard a-starboard. He said he received
no reply whatever from the Saint He
lena. When the vessels were coming
together Captain Olsen reversed his
engines and went full speed astern.
Then he heard three blasts from the
other steamer and the collision took
place.
Captain McNulty of the Saint He
lena said that just before the collision
he heard two blasts that he could not
locate. As soon as he saw the Grace
Dollar approaching he stopped, back
ed at full speed astern and blew four
blasts, then three. No answer waa
made by the other steamer. The Dol
lar struck the Saint Helena amidships
and pulled away without offering any
assistance or giving her name when
requested to do so. Captain McNulty
finding his ship leaking badly, beached
her at the Occidental Warehouse
flats.
Brewery Wagon and Car Collide.
An inbound Turk-street car came
into collision with a brewery wag-on
yesterday at the crossing of Leaven
worth. John Lafranz, the driver, was
knocked from his seat on the wagon.
In falling he struck the ground with
sufficient force to fracture his right
shoulder blade, besides inflicting con
tused injuries on his back and shoul
ders. The injured man waa treated
at the Emergency Hospital by Dr.
Carl G. Wilson.
HARRISON TELLS
OF BIG THIRSTS
Says Alexander Dunsmuir
Never Quit Until He Got
to the Physical Limit
OLYMPIAN IS NETTLED
Athletic Clubman Offers
to Put on Gloves With
Cross - Examiner ' Coyne
William Greer Harrison was the star ;
witness in the Dunsmuir case yester- i
day. He told what he knew about the
clubman's propensity for drink and
said that Alex Dunsmuir had a tremen
dous thirst. He did not drink any more
than the set he moved with in club life.
When questioned by Judge Coyne as to
what he called a drinking man, or a
man who enjoyed the indulgences of
club life, Harrison said that Alex kept
about even with the pace.
"Well," said Judge Coyne, "what is
the pace?"
"Oh." said Mr. Harrison, "anywhere
from ten to twenty drinks a day."
"Now, Mr. Harrison," said Judge
Coyne, "was there no limit to Mr, I
Dunsmuir's drinking?"
"Oh, yes," said Harrison, ' Mr. Duns- i
muir had his limit."
"Well, Mr. Harrison," questioned
Judge Coyne, "what was that limit?"
"The limit was when he couldn't
drink any more."
Mr. Harrison waa then questioned re
garding the domicile of Alexander
Dunsmuir. Harrison had frequently
heard Dunsmuir say that his home was
in Victoria, but what the real meaning
of the word "home" was, Mr. Harrison
did not fully answer. He admitted that
he had lived for twenty years in New
Zealand and that sometimes the people
over there referred in a general way to
England as home.
When closely questioned by Sir
Charles H. Tupper he said that while
England was really his home, after all
he meant to say Ireland was really
where he was born.
At this stage of the game Judge
Coyne took up the cross-examination.
From the start of the questioning Har
rison was nettled. The first thing he
said was that h- trusted Judge Coyne
would be very short in his cross-exam
ination. The witness said he had an
engagement with a lady.
GALLANT HARRISON.
"Now," said Mr. Harrison, "if I keep
this lady waiting she will be very mad
at you, Judge Coyne."
Judge Coyne replied, "Oh, I am used
to having the ladies mad at me."
"Mr. Harrison, I understand you to
say that Mr. Alexander Dunsmuir,
during the years of 1892 and '93, while
he was a member of the Pacific Union
Club, was not a robust man?"
"Well." answered Harrison, "he
never was an athlete, and I measure
most men by that standard."
"I understand that you consider
yourself a first-class athlete?"
Harrison sharply replied, "I should
be glad to put on the gloves any day
with you at the Olympic Club."
Judge Coyne said he*was not in the
sporting field, so he declined the invi
tation. This ended the little bout, and
i matters again got down to the pro
i sale.
1 "Mr. Harrison, I want to ask you."
' said Judge Coyne, "was Alexander
Dunsmuir at this time getting in
firm?"
i "Years were telling on him," replied
Harrison.
i "Was he well preserved for a man
lof 50?"
At this point Harrison parried the
question, but .said that he was sure
that "Dunsmuir is well preserved now."
t Judge Coyne asked if the physical
! condition of Alexander Dunsmuir
! would have been improved if he had
i led an athletic life. "I cannot answer
that," said Harrison, "for I did not con
nect his physical condition with his
; long thirst."
"When you called on Mr. and Mrs.
! Dunsmuir at their home in town, or at
! the residence of Mrs. Wallace, as you
! state, do you know who paid the rent
jof the house Mrs. Wallace was living
I in at that time?"
Harrison promptly responded. "I
| don't know who paid the rent, but I
have no doubt that Alexander paid it
all the same."
FIXING DOMICILE.
The task of establishing the domicile
of Alexander Dunsmuir was the pur
! pose of the attorneys of James Duns
muir yesterday. Following Mr. Har
i rison A. E. Brook Ridley was
j called. He was a non-communi
cative witness on every point. He
had only known Alexander Dunsmuir a
short time. He knew him because he
was asked to make a bid on the install
ing of an electric power plant on the
Dunsmuir coal docks here. He also
i put in an electric plant at the home of
| Alexander Dunsmuir at San Leandro.
'He could not tell much .. f the put
j ting in of the plant at San Lean-
I dro and he knew little about where the
! power came from. He always thought
i the home at San Leandro was intended
; for Mrs. Wallace. When Mrs. Wallace
went East with Mr. Dunsmuir he un
derstood that she was going East to
buy furniture for the San Leandro
; home. He admitted that before the
! couple left for the East they were
i married.
; J. Eugene Freeman, the architect
who built the San Leandro home, was
: one of the witnesses. He did not know
! Alexander Dunsmuir very well. He
had a general impression that his
home was in Victoria.
Rufus Van Schaick testified that he
had known Dunsmuir for twenty-eight
years. He said he "joshed" along with
Dunsmuir. He called Dunsmuir "Alec"
and Dunsmuir called him "Van." They
occasionally took a drink together. He
had never heard Alexander Dunsmuir
say whether he had closed up the coal
business here. '
Further taking of testimony before
Commissioner Bennett will be resumed
to-morrow morning at 10:30 o'clock.
—
ALMSHOUSE FOLK CHEERED
BY THE SUNSHINE CIRCLE
Interesting Programme Rendered at
j Entertainment for the Benefit of
the City's Charges.
The members of Sunshine Circle
j provided an entertainment for the
members of the Almshouse last Sat
urday night. Mr. Peixotto and the Co
lumbia Boys' Club contributed sev
eral Interesting numbers to the pro
gramme. Miss I. Toomey and Mrs.
A. M. Tomkin presented a dialect
sketch that made a great hit.
Master E. Muller and his small
brother gave a banjo recitation that
made an impression on the crowd.
Little Miss Ruth Lacy rendered a few
coon songs at the close of the per
formance, and her efforts were met
with the approval of the large au
dience. After the programme hot
coffee was served the guests.
RICKARDS REAPPOINTED. —Carlton Rick
arda has been reappointed Chlneee Interpreter
1 tor the Chinese Bureau at this port
FOLK PROPOSES
MANY REFORMS
Public Integrity Key Note
| of Inaugural Speech of
| Missouri's New Governor
WOULD STOP LOBBYING
Favors Compulsory Voting
and Says He Will Try to
Settle Labor Disputes
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Jan. 9.—
William J. Bryan, who came with his
wife to-day to attend the inauguration
of Governor Fulk, addressed the Leg
islature at the invitation of the Re
publican House. The speaker, who was
heartily received, congratulated the
people on the election of Folk, because,
he said, It was the reward for duty
well performed. Corporation influ
ences, the speaker said, often controll
ed officials, and to stop this he favored
municipal ownership of public institu
tions. He advocated the establishment
of State fire and State life insurance
departments to furnish insurance to
the people at cost.
"I do not think our banks are safe," |
said Bryan. "They are so arranged j
that they make money in good times
and throw the? risk on the depositor in |
bad times." He then made reference j
to the affair of Mrs. Chadwlck.
Bryan commended President Roose
velt for recommending legislation to
have campaign contributions printed, j
Promptly at noon Joseph W. Folk j
was inaugurated Governor of Missouri.
The ceremonies took place in the j
House of Representatives, which had
been appropriately decorated. Gov
ernor Folk in his inaugural address
said, in >art:
Partisanship is a good thing sometimes, but
patriotism Is a better thing all the time. Par- |
tisanship i» well enough when it does not l
conflict with patriotism, but patriotism is a
higher virtue than partisanship. Some of you !
are Democrats, Borne are Republicans, all are (
Missourians. In the discharge of official dv- |
ties let .is be Missourians before we are any- ■
thing else. Do not forget that you will be ,
aiding the party you may belong to most by t
giving the public the highest service. You
cannot help your party by injuring the public, j
One may be in private life a Democrat or ,
Republican, but when he steps into public
office he becomes a public servant —a servant of
ail the people.
If there be any corruption during this ses- |
sion of the General Assembly it would be a :
disgrace to the Stat? and a reflection on every
man of this body and upon every official In
the State government.
It is not always by taking money that an
official may prostitute his trust. He does it
whenever he uses the power given him to be
exercised for the public good for any other
purpose.
In order to aid in the investigation of rumors
of corruption, laws should be enacted com
pelling witnesses to testify as to their knowl
edge of bribery transactions and exempting
such witnesses from prosecution for any mat
ters directly or indirectly growing out of such
testimony. . ..
When a legislator accepts a pass he puts it
in the knowledge of the representative of the
railroad that he has violated the law and is
subject to indictment. This knowledge can be
used by the railroad representative to club the
legislator into submission to corporate inter
ests. Professional lobbying should be made a
crime. . , .
When a corporation obtains a franchise it
Is forfeited by non-use. Apply this Principle
to the privilege of voting and it will do more
than anything else to remedy the evil of civic
indifference that Is the weakness of a republi
can form of government. :,
As another step in (he direction of govern
ment by the people. United States Senators
ought to be elected by the people, and Mis
souri should lead the demand for a constitu
tional amendment providing for this reform.
I believe it is the province of the Governor
of the State to keep the public peace by
settling disputes between employers and em
ployes and he should make it his busings as
tar as possible to do so, if the contest involve,
the public Interest in any way.
BLITZ PAXTON ESCAPES
PAYING DOCTOR'S BILL
Supreme Court Thinks Mother Is
Technically Liable for Debt of
Minor Daughter, Roma.
The Supreme Court decided yester
day that Blitz Paxton could not by
law be compelled to pay for medical
services rendered to his minor daugh
ter, Roma. The defendant's wife,
Bessie, must settle the bills out of the
$100 a month paid her by her former
husband. The action was instituted
by Grant Self ridge.
The Paxtona were divorced in 1894,
but no mention was made in the de
cree as to which should have the cus
tody of the daughter. By private
agreement Paxton paid his wife $5620
and promised to contribute $100 a
month for the support of the children.
Several years later the little girl Roma
was taken ill and heavy medical bills
were incurred before her sickness was
ended. , .
Selfridge brought suit against Blitz
and Bessie Paxton jointly and the Su
perior Court held that the husband
was financially responsible for the
doctor's bills. The Supreme Court re
verses that decision on technical
grounds.
UNDERWRITERS TO MEET
TO-DAY AND DELIBERATE
Proceedings Include Reading of Pa
pers Interesting to All In
surance Men.
The Fire Underwriters' Association
of the Pacific wiil hold the first meet
ings of an annual convention to-day,
forenoon and afternoon, and will also
be in session all day to-morrow. The
programme for to-day includes an an
nual report by President J. L. Fuller
and reports by Secretary Calvert
Meade. Whitney Palache for the ex
ecutive committee and W. H. Low
den for the library committee. Pa
pers on matters of interest will be
read by J. P- Moore, George M. Rob
ertson, R. D. Medcraft, F. C. Stan
ford, F. J. Alex Mayer and A. W.
Whitmer. To-morrow papers by
James C. Cunningham, Amos Sewell,
F B. Kellam, Guy Francis and Pro
fessor Whitney of the University of
California will be read. In the after
noon George F. Grant and Edward
Niles will perform the annual unload
ing of ' the knapsack," the ceremony
consisting to some extent of clever
joshes on the members. Officers for
the year will also be elected.
STORES OF THE OLSONS
ARE BOUGHT BY FISH
Creditors of Two Concerns Acquiesce
in Sale Which Is Satisfactory to
Those in Interest.
George L. Fish has bought the busi
ness of the Olson Bros, and the Olson
Company. He took possession yes
terday. This includes two stores in
San Francisco and one in Oakland.
The sale of the property was consid
ered to be the best way for all con
cerned. The creditors, through their
committee, have acquiesced in the
sale, which is satisfactory to all par
ties in interest. An investigation of
the affairs of the Olsons convinced
the creditors' committee that the only
cause that led to the Olsons' financial
trouble was the attempt to carry a
large volume of business with too lit
tle capital. The business will be car
ried on by Mr. Fish.
Parental ignorance fills asylums and
prisons.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Heat your
office at
once
This weather causes pneu
monia, grippe, oolds, etc. If
your stenographer. book
keeper or clerk gets sick, lays
off for one day. it loses more
money for you thau a dozen
heaters cost. Then, too, how
about yourself? Isn't your
own health of some value t
We can warm any offke,
-tore or house quickly
and economically with
GAS
Phone Exchange 8 for
our expert. Don't wait
to write. Quick action
our style.
is GAS sfess
415 Post, St.
"I Have Found It!"-
A laundry that washes, starches and
Irons my skirts, my husband's shir's,
cellars, cuffs and whatever else I send
just the way I like things laundered,
without tearing them to pieces or
charging me two prices. Whero is it?
The United States Laundry. They'll
gel all my washing from now on.
Make a memo of the name and phone.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
1004 MARKET STREET.
Telephone South 420.
WEN AND WOMEfr.
v5jS«Fc t'se Big O for unnatural
eBSKT in Ito • discharge*.inflammation*.
ffSSm Oo«r»Di«ed V IrritatioDC or ulceration!
WBW mi to itri.-tor*. of mucous ro*mbran«*.
< Pnnik Coatactoa. Paln'.et*, and not aitrlo*
RHthe Etans Ckem icalCo. gent or poisonous
oiMomNATi,o.BM *»y »rurgi*u,
Utt.a. .2HP or sent in plain wrapper,
iTrtiWh imrnHm by express, prepaid, fog
ll' .00. or 3 bottle* M.74.
M circoiar tent on reaoeet.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
s£\C. Steamers of company, of"
for which it is agent, leave
fvlL . Pler * 9 * nd **» San Fran
| 1 For Ketchikan. Wrangei.
1 \ \p*M***a/ I Juneau, Treadwell, Haines.
Vv "wB Skaguay, etc.. Alaska—ll a.
m ' Jan - B * 10, 10, 2 0 ' 25 - 30 »
>MjSrjftr/ Feb. 4. Change to this com-
pany's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver, Port Townsend,
Seattle Tacoma. Everett, South Bellingham,
Bellingham—ll a. m., Jan. 8, 10. 15. 20, 25. JO,
Feb 4. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Beattl»
o.- Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver t<>
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p m , Jan. 5. 11. IT. 23. 29. Feb. 4. Corona,
1:80 p m.. Jan. 2. 8, 14, 20. 26. Feb. L
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Bedondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cru*. Mon
tcrey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9am.. Jan. 6. 14. 22, 30, Feb. 7.
Santa Crux (freight only), 9 a. m., Jaa. 2.
10, 18. 2fl.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazattan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia.
GuaymaB fMex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each month.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES--* New Montgom
ery st.(Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.. and Broad
way wharves. Freight Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent,
10 Market st. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St., will
call for and check baggage from hotels andt
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AMERICAN LINE.
Plymouth—Cherbourg"—Southampton.
New York Jan. 21 (Philadelphia ...Feb. 4
St Louis Jan. 28lSt. Paul ■. ■ Feb. 11
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LIKE.
Hew York —London Direct.
Manltou -Tan 21 (Mlnnetonka Feb 4
Menominee Jan. 28 Mesaba Feb. 11
RED STAB LINE.
Sf aw "York— Antwerp—London—Fart*.
Calling at Dover f«r London and Pari*.
Finland- Jan. ?tjKn>onland -Fejfc. 4
Vaderland Jan. 28 Zealand . .■■■■.Feb. 11
WHITS STAR LINE.
New .York—Oueentrtown —Liverpool.
Baltic Feb T. 3:30 pm.|OceanU'..Feb. 15. 2 pm.
Teutonic Feb. 8. 10 am.'Majestic F*b.22. 10 am.
Boston—Oneen«town —Liverpool.
Cymric Jen. 25'Winlfredlart . ...F»h 8
NEW YORK AND BOSTON DIRECT
To the Mediterranean.
Gibraltar. Wawlee. Genoa Alexandria.
WI " FROM NEW YORK
CRETTC* Feb. ♦. noon: March IS. nooti
RKPT'BLIC "<*>»»
FROM BOSTON.
ROMANIC...Jan. 2«. 3:30 pnv; Mar. 11 1 pm
CANOPIC Feb. 18. 8:30 ■■ m.
j c D TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
| 21 Post st.. San Francleco.
occtnicS.S.C*4> M "?
i g 8. SIERRA for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney," Thura.. Jan. 12. 1906, 2 pm.
6 8 ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Jen. 21. 11 am
[ g 8 MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Feb. 7, 11 am.
1 LtSTTCCmSkraOS. (XI, AztS.,TlCl:etolßCB643iir
let FrEigftt offlcB 327 mittt st, Pier 7, Pactto ;:.
COMFAGMK GENERALS TRANBATL AHTIQUK.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE—PARIS,
bailing every Thursday instead of *SJB|
Saturday at 10 a.m.. from Pier Iz, ■ 1 ™
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec
ond elasa to Havre. $46 and upward. GEN
ERA LAG EN C V FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York J F FUGAZI A 00.. Paclnc Coast
Agent* 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*
For TJ. S. Havy Yard an* Vallalp.
Stra. General Frisble Monticelio and' Arrow
945 a-m 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m., 0 p.m.. 8:30
pm Sunday*. 9:45 a.m.. 12:30 noon. opm
8:30 p. m Leave Vallejo. 7 a.m.. 9 a.m.. 12:30
»m 3 15 p.m. ("5:45 p.m. Saturday), i pm.
lunday*. 7 am.. 9 a.m.. 3:20 *<^.i**A*fe
2 foot Mi**lon at.; phone Main 150 S. h*tc«
| BROS.
1112
T (~> A\| r)f |\7 ptf) OCT I WITH EQUAL FACILITY BY PLACING
lIJ U V>AIN DUI VjlV OCLL THE right sort of an ad
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
• • Address Communications to
JOHN MeN AtJGHT Mfalllll.Hr
\V. J. j£4rTlnT. Manager
TELEPHONE.
' Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Wfll Con
nect You with the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. 8. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carrier, 20 Cts. Per Week, 73
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
' Terms by Mail Including Postage (Cash With
Order):
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday), 1 year...sß.oo
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday), 6 moe... 4.00
DAILY CALL—By Single Month <6c
• SUNDAY CALL, 1 Year 2.50
WEEKLY CALL, 1 Year 1-00
MMB3SM 1 Dally... $8.80 Per Year Extra
r °~~™ Uunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAOE. j weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
. ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Coplea will be forwarded when re
quested.
Mall subscribers In ordering change ef ad
dress should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re
■ quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
£148 Center Street Telephone North TT
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL ✓ Poet Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A Brentano, 81
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. Newa Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont Houae; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building.
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH.... SO Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT.
C, C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in ths year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
0:30 p. m.
POO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
t!39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
tilC Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
J941 M'ssion street; open until 1" P- m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valen«Sa street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore etreet; open until 9 p. m.
_MBETIHO NOTICES.
A STATED session of Islam Gs3L Ar s s 'rf
Temple. A. A. O. N. M. S., it^^E-^
will be held In Golden Gate w
Hall, 625 Sutter St., on y*3SJSv.
WEDNESDAY. January 11, at A^=!£s"\
8 o'clock p. m. Installation of [if
officers, reception of petitions UI jy
and general business. By or- tr
.der of the Potentate.
J. W. ANDERSON, Recorder.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge .No. 30, F. and g>
A, M.—Called meeting THIS (TUES- '»Af
•DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'.-lock. f\T\
Second degree. By order or W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. U. and A. »
M.. Masonic Temple—First degree
•THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING at 7:.'10 /V>
o'clock. Master Masons are cordially
invited. R. C. IRWELL, W. M.
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 360. F. C 3
and A. M.. Mission Temple—First de- v sfSf
gree THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING at /V\
7 o'clock. Visiting brethren cordial
ly invited. By order of the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
UNITY Lodge No. 131. I. O. O. F.,
Sixteenth and Valencia s-ts. -
Members and visitors arc re-'-^jgHH^
minded that Apollo Lodge No. *rSPSifee
-123 has consent! (I to confer the second de
gree on several brothers THIS (TUBSDAY)
EVENING, January H>. Visitors will be
welcome. H. E. VAt PEL, N. G.
WML J. HARRY. Recording Secretary.
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. I".'. I. O. O.
F-—lnstallation it < fnV-rs Tin-' ' Jtmffij&£i'
(TUESl'AY) EVENING Pleasi .'"-SSSpPe
atteni. <;. \v <■< <>]-:. x. •; '*Smm-
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
CHBOGRAPHICAL Society of th" Pacific—An
nual me ting on TUESDAY, January 1". in
the library. »Il< California, st., room 23, at 6
-. p. m. Ry order
GEORGE DAVIDSON, President.
JOHN PARTRIDGE, Secretary.
THE annual meet ins of the Association of the
Hospital for Children and Training School
/or Nurses will be held at the hospital on
THURSDAY, Jan. 12. 1905. at 2 p. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
for the ensuing year and for any other busi
ness that may come before the meeting,
HARRIET G. HOLMES. Recording Sec.
THE California Debris Commission. having
received applications to mine by hydraulic
process from F. C. Barnum in American
House mine, near American House, Plumas
County, Cal., draining into dry ravine which
reaches Valley Creek and South Fork of
Feather River, and from Ha*rry Johns and
C: F. Cowan, in Spring Hill Mine, near So
nora, Tuolumne County, cal., draining into
Woods Creek, which reaches Tuolumne Riv
er, gives notice that a meeting to receive
any protests will be held at room 68, Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., Jan. 23, 1905
at 1:30 p. m.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting (annual)—To the
stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship Com*
peny: Please take notice that the annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Oceanic
Steamship Company trill be held at the
Srinclpa! office of the company (I. c.. :>27
farket St.. room 4. second floor), in the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cali
fornia, on SATURDAY, the 21st da» of
January, A. D., 1905. at 11 o'clock a. m..
for the purpose of electing directors and for
the transaction of such other business as
may properly come before the meeting. The
stock transfer books of the company will be
closed ten (10) days prior to raid day of
meeting- By order of the board of director.
H. W. THOMAS, Secretary Oceanic
Steamship Company, 3?7 Market at., San
Franc'.aco, Cal.
Ban Francisco, January 5, 1905.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Nevada National Bank of San Fran
cisco. Cal.. will be held at Its banking
house. 301 Montgomery st. San Francisco
Cel.. on TUESDAY. January 10. 1905[
at 8:15 p. m., for the election of directors to
serve during the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
GEO. GRANT, Secretary.
December 10. 1904. *
SPECIAL MEETING—A special meeting of
the stockholders of the Pajaro Valley Con
solidated Railroad Company will be held at
the office of the company, 327 Market street
Ban Francisco, on TUESDAY, the 17th day
of January, 1806. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come-before the meeting. The transfer
books of the company will close on Friday,
January 13. 1906, at 3 p. m. By order of
the president. W. H. H ANN AM," Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING—The of
the stockholders of the Spring Valley Wat»r
Company will be held at the office of the
company, 126 Btockton at., at 12 o'clock,
noon, on WEDNESDAY, the 11th day of
January. 1905, for the election of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and for the
transaction of - such other business as may
come before the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the Golden Gate Kin
dergarten Association for the election of di
rectors will be held at 5«0 Union at. on
MONDAY, January 16. at 10 a. m.
VIRGINIA FITCH. President.
JESBBY DORR. Secretary.
ASTHMA CURE.
DI NOLA'B Asthma Remedy relieves instantly
10c. 25c, 60c. 1002 Market. St. Nicholas, also
Wiahart Tenth and "Washington. Oakland.
/■ AUTOMOBILES.
AUTOMOBILE gasoline runabout for Bale or
trade for city property; $700 cash. Box 3083,
Call office.
CHILDREN to board. 640 A Natoma st.
ONE or two children boarded; would room
parents. 542 Jessie at.
ATTORNEY'S-AT-LAW.
. A FRAUDULENT divorce la dear at $12 and
| la no good; for 22 years I've made divorces
a specialty; quick, quiet; no money needed:
no pay unless divorce is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free; collections
made. G. W. HOWE, 1122 Market st.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-law, Exam, bldg.,
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 20
years; all courts, general court and office
practice; no fees in advance or for consulta
tion; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 8601.
AA—Divorce; costs $12;quick.qulet:advice free;
ell law business; no charge unless successful;
open -evenings. 927 Market st., room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs In advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market St., r. 3J.
iTsrCLARK. 927 Market, room 304; consulta
tion free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
i JOHN GUIDERY. attorney-at-law, rooms 3
and 4, 240 Montgomery st.; phone Red ti6l7.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
' A—ssoo; DELICATESSEN stand In leading
market; rent $25; stand does a good paying
business; value in sight. Call R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st.
A—s3ooo; CORNER saloon on Sixth at.; place
doing a good paying buelneaa; estab. years;
lease; a flrst-class buslneaa proposition. For
particulars ace R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—$1800; BAKERY in lively town, 30 miles
from S. F.; rent $27; 4 years' lease; baking
2 barrels per day; 3 horses, 2 wagons; large
store trade. Particulars R. O. WILKE. 20%
Kearny at.
A—$800; OYSTER and chop houae, close to
Market and 7th ata.; rent $29; good business;
owner must aell this place or his other
oyster and chop house on Montgomery aye.;
Price $450; rent $10; come Investigate and
take your choice. R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A—sCso; SALOON on 4th st., close to Market;
a good business, worth at least $1000. Par
ticulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A—sl2oo; ROADHOURE: 4 furnished rooms;
rent $16; lease; shuffleboard; place estab
lished many years; best location on San Ma
teo road Call R. G. WILKE, 20% JCea j^;
A—s22oo: CORNER sa'oon on California St.;
rent $75: old established business and good
paying place: fine fixtures; large stock; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—sl2oo; FRUIT and produce stand In leading
market; doing a business of $100 per day; 3
horses, 2 wagons; a solctidid offer and rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26 1 i Kearny.
A—sSoo; RESTAURANT and chophouse; close
to 2 carhouses; 6 rooms; rent $33; established
years; doing a first-class business; investi
gate; this is a good business and a bargain.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s4ooo; BAKERY and confectionery, estab
lished many years; baking 7 barrels per day;
fi horses wagons and buggy: one of the best
In this city. See R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
A—s3so; WELL established real estate office in
Napa Co.; office doing a good business; has
valuable contracts; clearing about $150; par
ticulars P.. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
A—s6oo; HARDWARE, locksmith and electri
cal repair shop; established 25 years; best
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A—$1800; SALOON on water front, close to
Market at.; net rent $120; place established
many yeais and known as a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
A—s3soo; LIQUOR store, with 5 years' lease;
$2000 stock guaranteed: one block north of
Market; a very rare chance. Cali on R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT ar.d coffee saloon;
daily receipts $50; rent $S0; lease; place lo
cated close to Market and a good business.
Call on R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A—$1000; HOTEL; a first-class paying bar; 14
r<v>ms, dining-room and kitchen witli 5-year
lease; close to carhouse and other factories.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—slSoo; RESTAURANT for sale in the best
mining town In the State of Nevada; daily
receipts $150; opposite the round house; no
better paying proposition in Nevada. Partic
ular- ft. G. WILKK, 26% Kearny st.
A—s7ooo; BAKERY, one of the beet in city;
monthly sales $6000; splendid chance for two
partners: not all cash necessary. Particulars
Fee R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s2sCo; HOTEL in Sonoma Co.; 20 furn.
roams; dining and bar room. bus. 2 horses,
cow. etc., and 7 acres of land; 5 years' lease:
rent $50 or owner will sell whole property
for $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 25%
Kearny ft.
A—sl7so; CORNER grocery and bar. with 5
living rconis, on Sacramento St.; 4% years'
lease: rent 545; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s23so: COAL, wood, hay and grain busi
ness; 3 horses. .". wagons; net rent $31:
place established years; very best location;
a grod cash business. See R. G. WILKE.
20% Kearny st.
A—$800; Ci'RNER saloon in wholesale dis
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es
tab. 20 years and known as a good busi
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A—s24so; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 year-'
lease: rent $40; store doing large cash busi
ness; location can't be beat; value In sight.
See R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny St.
A—12600: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block from Examiner building; place estab
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKK. 26% Kearny st.
WESTERN REALTY CO. Open evening.
1007% Market st. Phone Folsom 2946.
$100—BARBER shop; 2 chairs; rent $20; good
trade. Ifc(»7% Market st.
$1100—KEARNY st saloon; central location;
goo 1 stock and fixtures. 1007% Market St.
$175 —PARTNER to tak» cash and assist in
restaurant. 1007% Market st.
1100—CORNER cigar stand; Third st.Tliear
Market; cheap rent. 1007% Market st.
$600 —CANDY store and Icecrep.m parlor on
Market St.; cheap rent; plenty of tools; large,
trail"; A 1 fixtures: sacrificed; leaving city.
WESTERN REALTY CO., 1007% Market st.
RAY SHORE REALTY <'< > ,
1206 Market St. Phone Mint 2056.
$325 -0001) boarding-house: cheap rent; full
of steady boarders. Ray Shorn Realty Co.
FIRST-< 'LASS 44-n)om~
big money maker. Bay Shore Realty Co.
$300— lady with $300 to tak- charge of 20
-room lodging-house. Bay Shore Realty Co.
INVESTORS—Your attention is called to the
stock of a corporation engaged in the manu
facture i.nd sale of a hardwnre specialty
upon which a patent has been allowed, which
stcck Is for sale In amounts to suit. The ar
ticle is displacing other articles intended for
the same purpose now on the market on ac
count of its simplicity, llghtnesn and ease of
operation. A well l:nown business man is at
the head of the enterprise, and the profits
which can be made in the business will allow
a good Income on the Investment. Full par
ticulars at Sonntag's Patent Agency, 214
Pine at.; telephone Frcnt 14. A full investi
gation solicited.
TO INVESTORS]
WE HANDLE
High-class propositions only.
From $600 to $50,000.
Have dividend propositions paying all the
way from 5 to 20 per cent per annum.
Fullest Investigation courted.
Call or write for particulars.
; J. W. JAQUITH & CO.,
James Flood building 1
Rooms 874, 876 and 878; tel. John 2421.
A 24-ROOMED apartment house in a choice
residence district for sale; the apartm-nta
are rented all the time and clear over $90
per mcnth; Investigate this bargain Box
8104. Call office.
FOR sale In Oakland—Hotel of 32 rooms- nice
ly and newly furnished; everything new and ■
up t© date; part cash, balance eaay terms. I
Box 3299. Call office.
BALOON for eale In Point Richmond; good I
trade and everything complete. Address box I
3099. Call office. J
FOR sale—A good carriage and wagon ma
terial business, at a bargain. Call and In
vestigate, 60-62 Duboce aye.
A GOOD paying boarding-house and bar fcr
sale. Apply to Washington Hotel, 14 Wash
ington st., near East.
$1000 —PARTNERSHIP; manufacturing; sell
ing new inventions; $200 to $300 month. Box
SOOB. Call office.
LIQUOR stqre and saloon; fine wine cellar;
good lease; good corner. 2898 16th, cor.
Howard.
FOR sale—Lodging and boarding houae and 19
sunny rooma; electric lights; reasonable. 121
Drumm et.
AN attorney with some cash can make few
thousand dollars. Box 3008. Call office.
FOR sale—Account departure, cheap; paint
shop, complete. 288 O'Farrell; fruit store.
ARE you looking for a grocery and bar? IrT
quire 729 Folsom at.; price right.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JANUARY 10, 1905.
.^^jrjBTMBJWJOTA*
A—CAMERON A CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy at., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of buaineaa chances.
-
I Here lo an opportunity of getting one of the
best groceries and bars in city; fine transfer
corner; downtown and doing big business;
cheap rent; 6 years' lease; receipts average
i $1800 to IaOOO per month; never changed
hands: best of reasons for selling. CAM
ERON A CO.
Exchanges made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAM
ERON A CO., 3 Ecfdy st.
One of the best grocery and liquor stores; been
established for 20 years; doing fine business;
clearing $300 to $500 per month; owner has
made fortune and wishes to retire from busi
ness: good horse and wagon, with complete
stock. %goes for $l>s00; fixtures worth price
asked; present owner there 8 years.
For sale—First-class bazaar and cigar busi
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rent:
fixtures and atore up-to-date; established 17
years; fine new stock of goods: has never
charged hands; now clearing $350 and over
per month; best reason for selling: an op
portunity of a lifetime. SEE CAMERON
A CO.
For sale—Well furnished and equipped country
hotel; 69 rooma; rent only $160; ten-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through
out; about 60 miles from 8. F.; fine, grow
ing town; present owner made fortune and
wanta to retire. CAMERON A CO., 3 Eddy.
Pirst-olass saloon; downtown; two blocks from
Market St., rent $75; well fitted up; receipts
$18 to $25 per day; must be sold on account
of other business; price, $1600. CAMERON
A CO.
First-class ehort order restaurant, downtown;
fittings new and up-to-date; receipts $75 to
$80 per day; fine opportunity to get Al prop
osition reasonable; best of reason for sell
ing. CAMERON & CO.
For sale—First-class downtown cigar store;
doing good business, but disagreement of
partners cauae of sale. CAMERON & CO.
For sale —Well located, 8-chalr barber shop
on Fillmore St.; rent M 5: doing good busi
ness; old established stand: here la a chance
to get paying business for little money;
owner leaving city; price $300. CAMERON
A CO.
F. A. BROOKE AN K.
BUSINESS AGENT.
| 917 Market St., between Fifth and Sixth.
t
$500 — PARTNER for well paying cigar stand
on Market St.; elegar.t fixture*; large stock;
must be rober and reliable man: no experi
ence required. See BROOKBANK.
A —PARTY with $300 and services can secure
an interest In well-paylns business clearing
$200 to $250 monthly at present and same
cat! be easily increased; must be sober and
industrious. Particulars with BROOKBANK.
WANTED—Energetic and thoroughly reliable
man with $4000 to SfIOCO to Invest and take
management cf already established extensive
paying buoiness; salary $150 monthly as
manager besides his share of profits, which
easily will be $300 to $400 monthly; must be
able to give excellent references. For full
particulars see TONY LUBELSKI. Fischer's
Theater, S. F., or Tuesday evenings at Nov
elty Theater, Oakland, Cal.
CORNER grocery and bar; north Market at.;
receipts $00 a day; must sell by February L
PAC. BUSINESS ASSN.. 1148 Market st.
FOR a good Investment and salary combined In
a land and cattle company; also mining com
pany, or if you want Government land, see
me at once. Room 80, Golden West Hotel;
no false references given.
PARTY with $350 in light business; good
profit; light service required; A No. 1 busi
ness. Inquire 253 Fourth St., barber shop.
CIGAR stand for sale; low rent; room in the
rear. 427 Taylor st.
$7500 —GROCERY and bar (separate); promi
nent corner; Immense stock: tine teams, etc.;
long lease: established 20 years; owner to re
tire; no agents. Apply P. O. box 2228.
FOR sale —A grocery, doing very good busi
ness: all new goods; must be sold as owner
Is going away. Address 6602 San Pablo aye..
Oakland.
WANTED —Yourfg man with some cash for le
gitimate business that will stand investiga
tion; no experience required. Box 1594, Call.
FOR sale—Half or whole interest In a patent
revolving harrow which Is In demand; In
vestigate this v Box 1590. Call office, Oakland.
NEWSPAPER route for sale in Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
GROCERY and bar on Folsom st. for sale for
$1400. Addres3 box 3405. Call office.
.GROCERY and liquor store for sale, cheap.
43S Clementina st.
FOR sale —Saloon, with 15 furnished rooms;
close transport dock; long lease. 212 East st.
FOR sale or exchange—Estab. hotel property;
well rented. Owner, box 3044, Call.
CANDY store or half Interest In good paying
factory. Inquire ISIO Market st.
! FOR sale or to lease, small printing office.
Box 3541. Call office.
! Phone Main 3343. Money to Loan.
MARION GRIFFIN.
070 Market, cor. Powell; new Flood bld..r. 801.
Free L*»t Hotels and Rooming-houses.
THOUGHTFUL PURCHASER.
[we call your attention to 2
modern apartment houses of 70
and ISO rooms. Each is a
profitable investment, which we
will absolutely prove to you If
you will call on us and per
sonally investigate.
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room 801.
N°w FLOOD Bldg.
YOUR check Is good for $850:
you pay the oth»r $S5O In little,
monthly payments. Furnish-'
ing:- are very fine, r<>Bt $2110;
profit $01 monthly. Eminently
respectable. Rest furnished
21-room house in San Fran
cisco.
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room 801.
New FLOOD Bldg.
MAKE ar. offer; $00 clear
monthly; carefully examine this
30-room house; rent only $55;
rooms pay $<i per room; price
asked, $1800; all housekeep
ing rooms: almost no work for
th landlady. Don't forgot
that rent is almost nothing.
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room 801.
New Flood Bldg.,
No. 070 Market,
Corner of Powell.
PARDON us for being plain
spoken. Only a person with a
good education and of a re
fined nature would succeed in
this 68-room house, partly fur
nished: long lease, low'rent.
Price $3500. Should clear $300
monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room 801
New FLOOD Bldg.
SUTTER-ST. bargains. Three
splendid propositions, and each
most beautifully furnished.
With us exclusively; 30 rooms
for $2000; 40 rooms for $3000;
50 rooms for $4000. Easy terms
If desired.
MARION GRIFFIN,
970 Market st.,
Room 801.
GREAT snip; 22-room house,
full of roomers: owing to death
of owner, we are authorized to
accept the first offer, even as
low as $400.
MARION GRIFFIN.
The Agent,
970 Market,
Opposite "Emporium"
Aristocratic house of 3S rooms,
en Sutter, near Hyde; extra
nice; with or without dining
room. Price $4500.
MARION GRIFFIN,
New FLOOD Bldg.
Tel. Main 3343.
20 ROOMS; centrally located; rent $100 per
month: clearing $120 per month over ex
penses; furniture in flrst-class condition; will
sell at a bargain. •
10 rooms; good location on Golden Gate
aye.; rent very low; furniture good: clears
$60 per month above expenses; see this; an
exceptional bargain.
J. W. JAQUITH A CO.,
James Flood building, room 878.
NEW FIRM—FISHER.""A CO.—NEW FIRM.
Successors to Mitchell & Co. in rooming
houses, hotels and flats. James Flood bldg.,
Powell and Market; r. 430. Phone Main 3354.
LODGING - HOUSE, 28 rooms, for sale; rea
sonable : in good location. Address box 3506.
Call office.
SOPPING-HOUSES FOR SALE —Con.
A—CAMERON A CO. Phone South 1060;
3 Eddy tt.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters tor Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
Beautiful new building; grand entrance;
electric elevator, lights; steam heat; 60 light
and sur.ny rooms, elegantly furnished; spacious
halls, draperies and fittings of the best; where
you c.tn have an exquisite home besides clear
ing ijhii/t) jiar month above all expenses; close
In; cheap rent and long lease; thie house la
always fuil of best people; sickness causes
sale; exclusively with us.
14-room house, furnished In cak and mahog
any; good carpets; lirst-class location; all full
and clearing nice little salary every month;
you can get it for $000 cash.
Grand", new, modern apartment-house; beau
tiful building; elegantly lurnished; good long
lease with cheap rent; only 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny st.; has 180 rooms and pa>3 $500
to $000 per month; always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had If taken at once.
This Is a fine opportunity for some one with
$1C"0 cash to get 26 rooms well furnished in
oak and cherry; everything in lirst-class shape
and clears $85 above all expenses; leaves 3
rooms for landlady; balance can be paid out
of house.
For cale, 4 years' lease and busineaa of 27
-room northeast corner house, well and com
pletely furnished and equipped boarding-house;
swcllest location in city; full permanent, first
class rcople; on account of departure soon
opportunity is offeied to start In business tor
the small Investment of S5OO. /
Rare bargain can be got in a beautifully
furnished liX)-rooin downtown house, carpets,
furniture and draperies of the beat; building
and furnishings less than two years; electric
elevator, lights, steam heat; everything mod
ern and up-to-date; cheap rent; owner com
pelled to leave city on account of other busi
ness; bargain of a lifetime; exclusively.
Dowrtown C-room upper flat, corner, all
sunny rooms; rent only $50; can get lease;
beautifully furnished and cost $1280; new less
than 1 year; big sr.aD at $650.
High-grave family hotel on the hill: ele
gantly furnished: has 80 light and sunny
rooms; always full and clears a fine income,
but s:ckness Is enly cause for being on thi
market: good chance for some one to get'pay
ing investment at sacrifice.
Rare chance to get choice 7-room flat: rent,
including garbage and janitor tervice, $40 per
month; furnished in mahogany and cak: best
body Brussels carrots; new 1 year and cost
$SCO to furnish; will sell for $450 on account
of leaving city.
16 rooms well located on Eddy St.; rent only
$05; oak and cherry furniture; clears $75:
leaves 3 best rooms for landlady; everything
first-class condition, here is a fine home com
bined with nice little business; part down, bal
ance as ycu make it.
70-room country hotel: best interior town In
State: barroom, 2 dining rooms and 5-room
cottage besides; rent $100 per month; can get
10 years' lease; brick building: everything fine
condition: fine business proposition.
Here is a nice little home of 12 well fur
nished rooms; rent only $00; where you can
clear $50 t»er month end have 2 best rooms;
Van Ness aye.: only $850.
24 beautifully furnished rooms: new house;
new furniture; modern and up-to-date; com
pleted less than 2 months: close in; sudden
illness In family causes sole chance to get
brand new house as ch°ap as old one. Owner
sick '.n bed; rare opportunity.
Beautifully furnished 0-rc.om modern flat:
new 6 months ago: rent only 525: fine location:
cost over $900; to be sold for $400; departure.
Choice 80-room downtown European hotel;
strictly first-class and thoroughly respectable:
every equipment; modern and up-to-date; al
ways full and clears 5350 to $100 per month;
best reasons for selling: exclusively with us.
New. modern S-room upper flat: choice loca
tlcn on Ellis: mahogany, blrdseye maple fur
niture: Axminster and velvet carpets; cost
$2200 to furnish; will be sold at one-half cost
on account of larger house.
We have a number of special bargains In
flats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern: can
be had for less than - half cost to furnish:
must bo sold, either account of sickness or
departure.
Rave large list of real estate, hotels, room
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON A CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FINE newly furnished flat of 17 rooma; grand
location; will be sold at a bargain If sold
thla month; will take $500 less than same
cost 4 months njo; steady roomers and do
ling good business: only reason, sickness and
removal from State; price $1300; no agents;
the best bartraln In city. Investigate on
premises. 1169 Turl: st.
205-ROOM lodging-house.
00-rr.om apartment-house.
, r .7-ronm lodging and apartment house.
54-rcom lodglng-liouse.
50-room lodging-house.
Newly furnished and centrally located.
Apply $38-342 Post it.; no agents.
HOWARD. 737%. Manila House—For sale at a
bargain: 22 furnished rooms; 4 years' lease:
rent SO5; clears $100 over expenses; party
must leave the city.
10 ROOMS and bath; cheap: good location;
low rent Income. 817 Post at.
CHEAPEST and best In America—The W T eekly
Call, 16 paces, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
Rooniinfr-Houses an .-1 Hot els For Sale.
H. C. DECKER 000 MARKET ST.
H. C. DECKER — PHONE JOHN 531.
SQUARE DEALING—CLEAR TITLES.
Over 28 years selling houses In this city.
MONEY T<> LOAN <">N ANT HOUSE.
See the following bargains:
20 rap.: transient $850
14 rros.; only $350 cash $750
19 rms.; rent $75; only $250 cash $760
24 rms.; nil light end sunny; rent $60. .$l4OO
20 rms. ; Market-rt. snap $2500
25 rms.: up-to-date hotel: swell locatiorr?s:!2oo
10-rm. house- new furniture $000
27-rm. house on Post st »2000
27 mis.; Post St.: transient $2000
12 rms.: $300 cash, balance payments.. .$6OO
24 rms.: clears $150; owner retiring. . .$lOOO
24 rms.: Market st.: sur.ny side $1400
60 rms.; new; modern; bargain $3500
15 rms.; new carpets, good furniture. . .SSOO
218 rms.; apartments; cost $25,<-00 $11,000
15 rms.; sunny corner; cost $1500 $1(»00
6 rms.; modern flat $400
14 rms.; nicely furnished: a gift at 5750
10 rms.; corner: clears $40 a month $400
24 rms.; fine location; part cash $1600
40 rms.; hotel and bar; yours for $.1000
30 rms.: only $88 rent: O. K. at $1700
See DECKER, hotel broker. 906 Market st.
BEATING AND CLEANING I .
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal,
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 808 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat
ing wcrks. 306-367 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har
rison st.; Al cleaning, Sc. FRED HAGE
DORN A CO.; phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S". 240 Fourteenth St.—First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 17C3 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CREDIT CLOTHIERS.
C. F. ADAMS CO.. St.—Clothing
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us and have It charged.
CItOTKINO RENOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. Examiner bldg., r. 410;
phone Dmmm 44. Call for and dellvet free.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
DENTISTS. ___
A NEW plate—The Whalebone—Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns $3 60; fillfnge 50c:
plates. $5, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
GOLD fillings, 73c; silver, 35c: crowns. $2: no
_pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.2o4 Sutter
ARTHUR CHlSHOL^~Burge^^entlst,rri4, Ist
floor, Phelan bid.. 800 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental parlors. 235 Kearny, oor. Bush—
Set teeth, $1 60 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings. 26c
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter ct. and Grant aye.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A —EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY
To Consult
RICHARD MAYO
At Reduced Charges.
Complete clairvoyant readings 50c this week.
No charge unless satisfactory.
You can be the Judge.
Af a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age, occupa
tion. His descriptions of your friends and
i enemies arts as real as though they stood
before you.
LOVE, COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs,
troubles, marriages, restores lost affections,
reunites the separated, lovers' quarrels.
TELLS YOU WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
And how to WIN the man or woman you
love and how to make your husband or wife
be true to you, and how to overcome all
your enemies and how to make a person at
a distance think of you and how to DE
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM, THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS.
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable.
Ellis St.—42lA—Ellis at. ■
Hours—lo a. m. to 8 p. m. Private flat.
MME. LYNN,
The Eminent Clairvoyant—Paychle—Mystic.
Sreclal Reduction This Week.
Readings 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c.
Wonderful, bewildering Is the work of Mme.
Lynn, whose readings are a revelation; advice
on love, marriage, courtship, business, mines;
also reunites the separated; gives secret power
to control any one In 21 days. She tells your
full name and what you want to know. All
business strictly confidential.
239 Powell St., near Geary-
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. LANGS gives you advice by her genuine
Egyptian sympathy, palmistry, spiritualism
and crystal readings; has the magnetic mir
ror, the greateat secret of the world; tells by
carda; shows ulcture of future: come, con
vince yourself; 60c up; Sundays. 38 Turk st.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clatrvoyant
and business medium, reads your life cor
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs in life: never failed to give satis
faction; 25c up. 17 Third t>:.. next Examiner.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
with second sight; tells past, present, future;
ladlea. 60c; gents by cards, |l; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings, $1 50. 303 Jones.nr.Eddy.
LIVINGSTONE.
For reliable clairvoyant reading consult
' LIVINGSTONE.
20% Kearny st.
ISMAR, Egyptian peeress, The Vendome. 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office house—lo
a. m. to 5 p. m. ; ( Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes
day evening. Cto 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS M. WILLE. SlO Ellis st., clairvoyant,
crystal seer and life reader. t?lls you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques
tion; names given: $1: hours, 10 to 8.
A—MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known
trance medium; readings daily; 10 to 5. 343
Geary st.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c,
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
MME. KRONEN BERG, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader: when others fall try me; read
ings 25c. 102% Sixth St.. near Mission.
MISS WARD. 1200 Market St.. parlor 31, clair
voyant, gives names, dates; take elevator.
MME. ELLA from New York, greatest card
reader In West; 25c and Gfle. 1206 Market at.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned: sittings dally. 108 oth st..rooms i-2
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant, card reader and
teacup. 25c up. 222 V. Eddy st.. lower flat.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
CHEAPEST and best In America—The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for 1,
postac-g paid.
SPIRITUALISM.
PRACTICAL miner and psychic, wishing to
benefit the world, will locate mines free of
charge until they are developed. 265 Steven
son at.
ALT, skeptics should witness Mme. Young's
spirit messages to-night. 619 McAllister St.;
10c rradinzs dally.
A—MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
REMOVED—MRP. LESTER to 872 MUsion st.;
clr. Mem.. Frl.. 8 p.m., lCc; read, daily. 50c.51.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth st.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium; 3568 17th
St.: readings 1 to 5; tel. Capp 856.
EARLE'S seance to-night 25c; "New Colon
nade Hal!." 219 Eddy st.
PRCF. FRED EVANS, noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
DRESSMAKERS AMD SEAMSTRESSES.
Mcl « I WELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL. _____
A—THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col
leges, is now in its twelfth year; the work is
better than ever before; departments in Eng
lish literature, languages, mathematics, sci
ences, history, etc., are excellent: two of the
best teachers In California are in charge of
English and of mathematics; come and we
will prepare you well; referen.-es President
Jordan or any Stanford professor; day and
evening sessions. Phelan building.
AT 2 p. m. Mondays. Wednesdays and Thurs
days, (lasses in short-story writ lag and
journalism are taught at room 333. Phelan
bldg.; terms very moderate; Join these
classes; Instruction thorough; real and rapid
procress assured.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business CoN
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. 24
Post st.. S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light: all graduates are getting posi
tions. S. F. Business College, 73S Misilon st.
ENGINEERING—CiviI, elec, mln.,lnech., sur
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
ncr Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, Eng., Math., etc.. day and
eve.; Individual instr. 305 Larkln st. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
Established 1863; largest In the West; an
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
THREE young men can get business or short
hand course In exchange for a little work.
S. F. Business College. 788 Mission st.
DESIGN machines and structures by strength
materials and graphic statics; evenings;
mail. 20 Hartford st.
ALL Eng. and com. branches, $5 mo.; 47 les
sons Benn Pitman shorthand hold any posi
tion; mdiv. instruct. West. 8u5.C01.,1281 Mkt.
IRVING Institute School for Girls. 2126 Call
fornla st.; Easter term begins Tuesday,
January 3. 1905.
A—GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A—METROPOLITAN Bus. C01.,~602 Van Ness
aye.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
MME. PRILL'S Piano Schcol~London Con!
2105 Gclden Gate aye.; resident puplla taken.
BOOKKEEPING—Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR, expert. 217 Parrott building.
BINGING and dancing; children, age bet. 12
and 14. Call 525 Turk st., room 3.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per month
vocal lessons $1. 828 Halght st.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln
man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'lv by mall and per
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgomery.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRAtTon Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.—Night class.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A—JAPANESE and Chinese eniploymenToffice
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA, 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A—ORPHEUM Employment Office—Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell at.; tel. Main 6762.
A—JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YOSHY, 415 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 859.
CHINESE Employment Office—Best help at
Leon Seung's, 411% O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO., 640 Clay.
EMFLOYMENT J^Mraß^FXjMAl^
A SWEDISH girl, good cook; best references;
wages $30. MRS. NORTON. 508 Mason st.
COMPETENT girl wishes work part of the
day; good cook. MRS. NORTON, 608 Mason.
A SWEDISH woman wishes work by the day.
See MRS. NORTON, 508 Mason st.
YOUNG weman as working housekeeper, with
little girl 4 years old. Please call at 408
Eighth at. ,
RELIABLE woman wishes situation to do
general housework: is a good cook; city or
country; no postals. 267 Minna st., near
Fourth.
CANADIAN lady wishes position as companion
or lady's maid; no objection to travel; Prot
estant; give particulars. Box 3074. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes to
do housework for 2 or 3 adults; small wash;
$15; car fare. Phone Folsom 2987.
A YOUNG Finnish girl wishes situation at gen
eral housework and plain cooking; wages $»0.
Apply 176 Clara St., near Fifth.
A MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes
work as cook and little housework. Apply
611 Ash aye.
A COLORED lady would like position as Jan
ltress or maid in store. Inquire 153 Seventh
St., city. '
MIDDLE-AGED lady desires position as
housekeeper; Arat-claas cook. Box 300 S.
CSII office.
A COMPETENT laundress and house cleaner
wants work at $1 per day; references. Box
. 3072, Call office.
A WAITRESS, experienced, wants position,
hotel or restaurant. 324 Mason at.; phone
Black 2396.
A STRONG woman wants nursing or care of
Invalid. 32i Mason St.; phone Black 2396.
A FINNISH girl wishes housework. Xddress
329!. Third St.. city.
DRESSMAKER, ladles' tailor, on aults and
coats, evening gowns; cutttng ancL, fitting;
only first-class work guaranteed:
ments per day or taken In. MISS BARSS,
Sherman House. 28 Eighth et.
ACCOUNTANT, young lady, expert book
keeper, cashier and typist; all modern sys
tems; rapid; can take full charge ac book
keeper or secretary. Box 3366, Call office.
A SWEDISH woman wishes washing or clean
ing Mondays and Wednesdays. Address by
letter C. S.. 1169 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker would like more
engagements in families, $1 50 day and car
fare. Call or write MRS. DE BARR, 438 4th.
SPANISH lady cook; Spanish. French and
American cooking; wages $35 to $45. 603
Stockton st.
YOUNG Swedish girl, Just from old country,
wants general housework. 68 Rhine aye.,
near Alabama St.. off Folsom.
POSITION with a responsible house by a
capable business woman; inside or outside
work. Box 3030. Call office.
AN American woman wishes a position as
housekeeper, or pastry cook for small hotel;
city or country. Call or address 235 Duncan.
GOOD, reliable woman would like a few days
work In the week or help where parties are
given. Address box 263, Frultvale.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker from Chicago
wishes to go out by the day. 1962 McAllis
ter st.
NEAT German girl wishes situation at house
work In German family. Apply 1421 Mission.
WANTED—By colored nurse, Infant child to
take care of. 410 Natoma st.. near Fifth.
WOMAN wants work by day, washing, Ironing
and cleaning. 1075 Folsom st.
A LADY takes washing home; open air dry.
Phone Page 7931.
EXPERIENCED lady wishes position In first
class hotel as chambermaid. Box 3216, Call.
A JAPANESE girl wishes a position aa cook
and light houseworker, near Alamo square,
for less than 4 persons in family; wages $4 50.
S. SAKAKI, 1484 Fulton st.
JAPANESE woman wants to work In small
family; plain cook and housework. Address
1226 Fulton st., rear.
A JAPANESE girl wants position as plain
cook. MATSUYO SAITO, 2503 Market St.
EMFLOYMENT WANTED—MAM,
AA—A FIRST-CLASS painter, paperhanger,
tinter and gralner, desires work by the day
or job; tools furnished: work guaranteed;
prices cheap. 1454 Devlsadero st.
YOUNG Swedish man would like to have a
good steady position as Janitor, laundry, or
work of any kind; first-class recommenda
tions. OSCAR SMARLING. 113 Leaven
worth st.
AS attendant to Invalid or mental patient by
competent, reliable man; responsible refer
ences; massage or any treatment prescribed:
tirms moderate. Box 3070. Call office.
PAINTER, good stage hand, with staging,
wants work; references. Box 1650, 1008 Mar
ket st.
CARPENTER, experienced in house repairs or
any other rough work, wants work at $2 60
a day. Box 3069, Call office.
AS agent or representative In Honolulu, by ae
tiv.. able man; sailing Thursday. Box 3068,
Call office.
WANTED —Position aa coachman; first-class
references. Address Coachman, box 150, San
Mateo. Cal.
MILKER for 20-25 cows wants situation. Box
3(164. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS pastry cook and confectioner
desires position. Box 3067. Call.
POSITION as blacksmith's helper; 15 months'
experience. D. W. PEERY, 1130% Howard.
A YOUNG married man. experienced book
keeper and cashier, traveling salesman of
ability, position of trust, where faithfulness
and trustworthiness count; first-class refer
ences; do not use tobacco or liquors. GEO.
E. WEATHER BY JR., 142 Woodland aye.;
phone Fell 8266.
TYPIST (own machine) desires some home
work; terms reasonable: accuracy and delib
eration a specialty. Please address L. C.
L., box 3271. Csll office.
WANTED—By young man. willing and ener
getic, good references, work for eight hours
a day in the city; warehouse or work of any
sort. Box 3587.Ca1l office.
YOUNG man would like a position In country;
has had 2 years' experience on chicken ranch;
willing to work for beard and lodging. Box
3212, Call office.
MAN and wife (colored) desire place in pri
vate family In city; good references. J. H.
TERRELL, room 12, 639 Pine st.
COOK, hotel, restaurant or boarding-house;
all-round man; bread and pastry; wages
moderate; city. Box. 3386, Call.
BUTLER—First class. Japanese, arrived from
Eastern country, wishes position In city
country: has good references. Box 3046, Call!
A YOUNG man from the north of Ireland will
give $25 to any one helping him to obtain a
position in a wholesale house. Box 3340, Call.
YOUNG man wishes to do typewriting work
at home in the evening: has his own ma
chine. H. G. MERRITT. 626 Hayes st.
POSITION as manager of hotel or apartment
house by experienced popular hotel man
Address T. C. KING, care Sequoia Hotel.
GERMAN. 30, speaks, writes English, Span
lsh, German, come French, good business ex
perience, wants position. Box 3294, Call.
WANTED—Position as elevator pilot by youn
man; good references. Address 512 Jones et°
YOUNG man wants position as collector or
checker; age 21. Box 3390. Call.
A CLERK in grocery and barremm desires
position. Box 33SS, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman wants position
references given. Box 3043, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS painter, paperhanger. tinter an*
polisher wants work. VEITH. 718% Grove "t j
AN experienced Japanese wants posltloiTto A n
housework. R. FURUMI, Japanese (}„,„.?
Society. 725 Geary st. «"»panese Gospel
GOOD Japanese boy wants situation as nontTZ
ences. T. FRANK, 2318 Sutter .1 • x r "
3052, Call office. utter **•! box
A MEMBER of the Flower Arr„„„'" —I '«.**
clety of Japan will accept S T
decorate homes, arrange plants or ~Z *, t0
sons. E. TAKAMURA. HSJEH™ s* le8 "
JAPANESE boy, honest, wants nosltlnn —
nouseworker; to attend ni«rht \T v
' < > *4 .
A YOUNG Japanese boy want- . T "
a schoolboy. 'iffij ttSli?
EMPLOYMENT WAITED—It»I»—OoD..
JAPANESE couple want situations in small
family; man flrst-clasa cook, wife wait at
table. G. S., 418 A Post St.. room 11.
A JAPANESE good cook wants position;JH__•
month up; city or country. T. GOKOUi.
415 Powell St.; phone Green 229.
JAPANESE good honest boy wants a position
as srhoclboy. R. V., 1304 Post et.; phone.
Sutter 4132.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants position at
housework or schoolboy. FRANK, 319 De
visadero st. _
JAPANESE young man wants a position a*
waiter or do housework in a private family ;
has good experience. B. SHAJI. 811 Stockton.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants position as
schoolboy; speaks well. M. ADACHI.
Pine st.. Japanese M. E. Church.
AN excellent Japanese cook wants position in
good famllv; good reference. Phone Black
4241. K. GEORGE, 313 Sutter et.
A JAPANESE wants a position at cooking and
housework: city or country. FUJIMOTO.
I Adelaide place.
A JAPANESE boy wants a place to work ac
schoolboy In good family near the address.
HEN RY M., 442 Devlaadero St.; phone 2109.
A JAPANESE boy wants position at house
work; $6 up. 1423 Pacific; tel. Larkln 348.
JAPANESE waiter wants position In family;
has good experience. I CHI. 1301% Larkln.
YOUNG Japanese, good cook, wants position
in private family; good references. 1215%
Post st. _
A CHINESE, excellent cook, wlahee position,
hotel family, boarding-house or restaurant;
good references. CHAS. WILL. 1113 Clay
St.; tel. Black 3688.
A FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants position
In boarding-house; wages $40 to $60. Call at
Wong Tee's, 828 Washington st.
CHINESE first-class cook wants situation la
family. KWAN, 21 Brenham place.
A CHINESE first-class cook. Apply 81$
Dupont st.
YOUNG Chinese cook wants position; first- 1
class cook; wages $40 to $45. Box 3669. Call.
ECEEMA CURE.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber itch that I can't cure; a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth at.
TOTAJrCIAI*.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid In $4,800,000 00
Surplus 040,901 88
lasues
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
At par. H
Office—No. 14 Sansome sl»
San Francisco, Cal.
REALTY Syndicate certificates bought. MAN
HATTAN LOAN CO., 107-8 Crocker bldg.
gjbATS TO ImHT.
A—HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 246-69 Geary
at., ofi the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de
sirable vacant place In San Francisco oa
our lists; service absolutely free; let us find
you a place; come In and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "we
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company.
1039 Market st.. opp. McAllister.
NEW. swell sunny flats. 6 rooms, to let; every
possible latest convenience; close to the main
entrance to the Park; 5 car lines; one runs
all night. Seventh aye., near Fulton st.; open
II to 4.
SACRAMENTO, 2463-5-7, nr. Fillmore—Three
beautiful new flats, 6, 7 and 8 rooms; sun In
every room; marble steps; electrlo lights; re
ception hall; rent $35 to $45.
FOUR elegant, new. sunny flats, Just finished;
5, 6 and 8 ra., tiled bath ra.; sunny store rs.;
$30. $32 50, $37 50. $47 60. Corner First aye.
and Sacramento st.; open 12 to 6.
THREE new, elegant, sunny 6 and 6-room
park flats at 223, 225 and 227 Parnassus aye,.
near Stanyan st.; on car line; rents $25,
$27 60. $27 50.
N. E. CORNER Church and 15th eta—New,
sunny 7 rooms and bath: separate entrance;
Mission warm belt. Flllmore-st. care paas
door.
NEW, beautiful upper flat, 8 rooms, with attic,
beamed ceiling, paneled dining-room; very
sunny. 1338 McAllister st.
MISSION, £721 and 2721% —Upper and lower
sunny flats, 6 and 6 rooms; modern Improve
ments.
—— »
A CLEAN, spnny upper flat. 4 rooms; grand
view; adults; 6 Lysett place. Inquire 1111 A
Jones st.
NEW, elegant flats; latest Improvements; Juat
finished; park panhandle. STRAUB. 630
Market at.
TO let—2 new flats. 6 rooms and bath; 1 flat.
4 reoms and bath, bay view. $2608. 814 A
Polk st.
ELGIN PARK aye.. 76—4 sunny rooma, laua
dry, garden; rent $16.
FLAT of 7 eunny rooms and bath. 8485 20th
St.. bet. Capp and Howard; warm belt.
FRANKLIN. 2350. bet. Broadway and Vallejo
—Upper A lower flat; mar. view; moderate.
MODERN flat of 7 rooms and bath; rent $38.
1117 Devlsadero st., near Turk.
NEW. modern, sunny flat, 8 rooma, bath; rent
$27 50. 165 Alpine st., bet. 13th and 14th.
PAGE, 1272—A desirable, sunny upper flat la
house of two flata
POST, 2607%—F1at of 5 rooms: all modern lra
provements; no children; $16.
FOR rent—Newly decorated flat; TIB Taylor
St.; rent low. Address box 3568, Call office.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON A HO AG, 116 Montgomery st.
SUNNY, modern flat, 7 rooms. 2 attic rooma,
basement. 1426 Green at., near Van Ness.
$25 —SIX rooms and bath. 2008 Fillmore at.
FLATS FOB SALE—FURNISHED.
ELEGANT, well furnished, upper, sunny flat. 9
rooms; must sacrifice; going away; $500
down. 923 Jones st., near Bush; call be
tween 11 a. m. and 4 p. m.
PINE, 732—For rale, bargain, part furniture
flat 6 roms and bath; rent $25; make offer.
PINE. 732—For sat*, bargain, part furniture
flat 5 rooms and bath: rent $25; make offer.
SIX-ROOM flat, part furniture for sale; Mar
ket and Van Ness. Box 3083. Call office.
FOR sale—Sunny and cozy flat of 5 rooma fur.
nlshed; rent $18. 658 Fourth st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
"WE'LL GET YOUR BUSINESS" —We pay
the most money for furniture, carpeta, offlea
fittings, merchandise and houses. MARK J.
LEVY AUCTION CO., 1321 Market St., be
tween 9th and 10th. Phono South 179.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fnr
nlture, etc., until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURP, sue, 1636 Market; phone Jessie 2336.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission St.. be
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 4462.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush 813.
HELP WANTED—FEMAI.E.
A NURSE, $30; second girl. $25; housegirl.
Sausallto. $30, small family; cook, Menlo
Park, $30; nurseglrl, $26; second girl. $20;
and a number of houseglrls. $25 and $30;
boarding-house cook. $30. MRS. NORTON.
508 Mason st.
WANTED—A first-class fitter, one who has
had cloak and suit house experience; must
be good; tailoress preferred; good wages to
right pirty. Box 1596, Call office, Oakland.
ALL halrdressing, manicuring, face massage
and scalp treatments are free at the Moler
System College, 649 Sacramento: .hours 1-4.
WANTED—Typewriter with knowledge of
stenography: answer, stating salary wanted,
age end experience. Box 3060, Call.
A GIRL for general housework, $20; apply
before 2 p. m. $f!3 Third aye., Richmond
District; Sutter-st. car.
WANTED —2 girls with some knowledge of
cigarmaking. 618 Merchant St., upstairs.IN THE WANT COLUMNS OF THE CALL
HELP WANTED —FEMALE—Continued.
. with and without washing. »30, $35
Cook private boarding-house *.«
'. 4 second rirls. city $25, #:to
; Help with invalid, some second w0rk....525
.' 'Upstairs gin and nurse $30
or German.Upstairs girl $25
Parlormaid and waitress , $«0
• ' .Cook on a ranch, tare here $25
W .litresses, country hotels 525
N'urbe and seamstress, orphanage $20
" chambermaids and wait 1 meal $20
• • ok for restaurant $10 per week
i usekeeper, city $25
■ Urge number of housegirls to call early
? lay to It 11 nice positions at housework
both city and country, at 820, $25. $.:o
•;>• to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
Si ".SE. $30; chambermaid, country $25;
-10 country; a number of cooks for the
and $35; ascend girl. $25; second
light work. $20; 10 houseglrls $.;o
?J5. MRS. NORTON. 508 Mason st.
- . MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER.
JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX
NCB NECESSARY; STEADY WORK;
, PAY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO., 32%
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
A KLAND. COR. 10TH AND CLAY STS..
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON
VCR ALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECES
SARY; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS A CO.
"CERATORS ON SHIRTS, OVERALLS AND
ENGINEER JACKETS. STANDARD FAC
• TORY, COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
EXPERIENCED HAND IRONERS ON FLAT
.-WORK. STANDARD, FACTORY. COR
'. GOUGH AND GROVE STS
(URLS to learn halrdresslng, manicuring, etc.;
-•trade taught from A to Z In 2 wks.; tuition
' $5.t0 those entering now; 3 positions to till
. Immedlauly; positions guar, at $10 per week
•. U P; only recognized college of its kind on
coast; day and eve. class. 233 Geary, r. 13.
.WANTED —Girls to learn millinery now for
.spring season: both seasons taught from start
. to finish in one month for $5; positions as
•• vj-fmmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up: 7 positions to be filled by
• first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A PACIFIC College teaches halrdresslng,
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
• practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognised college of its kind on coast: day
. and .evening classes; a ]_ parlor work at re
; duced prices. 133 Powell st.
JR ANTED—German girl or woman for house
. work and assist with child: wages $25. 737
'• Kueria Vista aye.; take Hatght st. car, get
off ut Central aye., walk up 2 blocks; call
after 4:30 p. m.
■WANTED—LadIes to learn halrdresslng, maru
lVurlng, facial massage and scalp treatments;
'•'4 weeks completes; expert Instructors; call
• or write. Moler System Co., 649 Sacramento.
WANTED—A young lady to do manicuring in
• a barber shop. Apply at 411 California st.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework; no
° was!,ing; $16 month. SSO San Jose aye.
GIRL for general housework. 1102 Page
YOUNG girl as companion for child five years
: old. 3144 Twenty-first st.
GIRL for housework; sleep home. 1008 Golden
• (Sate aye.
GOOD hands on vests who can make button
• hok-s. 641% Stevenson st.
ETRI >NC, reliable woman, gen. housewk., cook
ing, nssl.-t with children: $20. 821 Fell st.
WAITRESS wanted; no Sunday work. 528
Fourth st.
W.-\ NTED—Woman to give Instruction in bak
•>ry Address box 3071. Call office.
LADIES experienced In addressing envelopes;
$1 per 10Oo; wholesale house. Box 3069, Call.
LAUNDRESS to wash napkins. 612 Kearny'
. street.
YOl NG girl assist with light housework; good
\horn-?. 1640 Union st.
LADIES—Earn $20 per 100 writing short let
ters; send stamped envelope for particulars.
. 'IDEAL MFG. CO., Cassopolls. Mich.
A. FIRST-CLASS operator on custom pants:
■ also finisher; steady*work. Call 411% Kearny.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
. Chutes. 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
A SCANDINAVIAN or German girl for gen
' *>ral housework: $20 to $25. Apply 233 Third
aye., Richmond District.; Sutter-st. car.
EXPERIENCED alteration hands to work on
jackets, waists and skirts. Apply superin
tendent's office the Emporium.
CAPABLE business woman not under 25 for
permanent position. Box 3337. Cail office.
• HELP WANTED—MADE.
■ AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU,
$01-808 Starr . King bldg., 8d floor. 121 Geary.
. Conducted on Strictly Business Principles.
Positions secured for:
Offir» men. Assistant bookkeepers.
Bookkeepra. Hotel clerks
Stenographers. Railroad clerks.
Office managers. Timekeepers.
Correspondent olerks. Collectors.
Accountants. Bill clerks.
Buyers. Shipping clerks.
Traveling salesmen. Law office clerks.
Manager for dept. stores. Entry clerks.
Cashiers. Cigar olerks.
credit men. Dry goods clerks.
Secretaries. Receiving clerks,
'ieneral office work In all lines of business.
Offices and representatives in other cities.
Apply American Commercial Bureau.
301-802 Starr King bldg.. 3d floor. 121 Geary.
OUR BULLETIN REACHES THE EMPLOYER
WEEKLY.
We have daily calls for competent
Bookkeepers. Stenographers.
Furnishing goods salesmen. Shipping clerks.
Bank clerks. Clothing talesmen.
Railroad clerks. r>ry goods salesmen.
■ Hardware salesmen.
COMMERCIAL CLEARANCE COMPANY.
; 415-416 Starr King bldg.
AT HORD A SMITH'S,
Owntraotors' Aaenta, 90 Third st.
Fromber, contract, city.
; . Plasterer, contract, city.
Teamsters, bey shore. $2.
. Dye man, experlenoed. $20.
Solicitors, tea and coffee.
•WANTED—Man to deliver and collect for bi
ographical books out of city; give experience
• -uid reference; salary and expenses. Address
8062. Call office. a caress
to learn engraving trade; no wages at
; rood future. Box 8065, can office,
jnder 85 from San Francisr . n "
.to prepare for coming railway mail clerk
. examination; good appointments; exren»ionai
opening. W. L. COFFEY. 465 Parrott bldg.
_WANTED —Teacher to go to Nevada to fill
;•'.'< it m unexpired term; $80 per month and
Iran , .nation; refs. required. Box 3514
r ali office.
BER Experienced, up-to-date man
ready to work. 8210 Adeline st
Lorln, Berkeley.
DRUG clerk wanted; rood salary; give exp»
.. rlence and reference. Box 3061, Call office
/BARBER; first-class. Call Oakland Pier bar
ber shop, Oakland. *
BARBER shop for sale; no reasonable offer
. refused. 729 Mission st.
CASH boys wanted. Apnly between • and 11
m. at HALE BROS."
W ANTED—Boy from 14 to 16 years of age for
ftO« boy. Arply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
BARBERS— A snap: 3-ehair shop for sale in
. c.icramento: clearing $26 per week; price
. IIB): rent $12 50. For further particulars
. apply BECK EL & FRESHER, 367 Twelfth
• st., Oakland.
PLEASANT faced, fine appearing registered
physician and surgeon; must be quite gray,
1 a *i ve: Positively no other; no traveling;
salary $200 or more when well started Call
- 25 Third st.
MACHINIST wanted with some money to go
. into machine business; must be first-class
. man; state experience, age, etc. Box 3042
' . Call office.
: WANTED—Men and boys to learn plumbing
• 7 iQw Rros Co. School of Practical
' J lurrtblng; send for catalogue. Address 4973
-.6 Easton aye., St. Louis, Mo.
WANTED—Experienced domestic salesman
BROS' een 9 * nd IX a, m. at HALE
-^^^ft^SS^S^StZ Continued.^
A MURRAY A READY, 631-636 Clay st.
~„„ 1 ,„... Pn0ne >l»in SSIB.
IHE RICrHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THE
r TUGHT MAN to work.
Employment and Labor Agents.
***JP l Ye In 18QQ we hope to
bO.OOO men work. Increase 60.000.
-SPECIALS.
FOREMAN,
feteam shovel lore-man, country, see bosa
her-, sioo and found.
np tARMS. DAIRIES. ORCHARDS. ETC.
-o urra hands, teamsters, milkers und chore
men and beys.
I. " HOTEL.
looks, waiters, dish washers, porters, bell
and elevator boys.
Cook and wife, country restaurant, $85; cook
and wife, mine boarding- house, $55 fd.
MISCELLANEOUS.
4 Placer miners, north, $45 found.
pruners. 75c fare, $20 found.
Farmer and wife for vineyard, Santa Cruz
| County. $40 and fd.; see boss here,
i Man to run carding machine, city factory,
I $2 25 day.
BOOKKEEPER.
|, Bookkeeper. :>5 years, muat have experience
I and n ferences, general merchandise store
in California, $75.
2 machine miners, north. $00.
1 timber man, mine, $00.
CEMENT FINISHER.
Cement finisher, near city. $3 50 day; long
Job.
MURRAY & READY, 6:44-630 Clay St.
I
A LOOK SEE HERE.
SPECIAL.
BOX FACTORY. BOX FACTORY.
CITY JOBS.
Two band sawyers. $2 00 to $3 day.
Planerman, $2 50 day.
:< cut-off sawyers. $2 25.
6 han.ly men for taking off machines, $9 wk.
10 box" nailers. $12 week.
2 edgermen. box factory, $2 25 day.
1 brandvr and box painter. $2 25 day.
4 yardm-n and lumber handlers, $2 25 day.
5 boys make themselves useful, $6 week.
CALL TO-DAY.
INQUIRE ABOUT IT.
MURRAY A READY, 634-630 Clay St.
A—AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 Commercial st. —Phone Bush 833.
Cook, short orders, city, $8 to $10 week; 2
waiters, city. $7 week; 2 farmers, S. C. Co.,
$26 and found; 5 COAL MINERS, OREGON,
fare refunded.
WANTED—Men to learn the barber trade at
the original JNO. A. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE, 044 Clay st.; 8 weeks completes;
positli ;i« guaranteed; expert Instruction;
wages while learning. Call or write (correct
number) 044 Clay st.
WANTED—Men to learn the barber trade; 8
weeks completes; positions guaranteed; ex
pert instructions; wages while learning.
Call or write Moler Sys. Col.. 649 Sacramento.
DRAUGHTSMAN, who can typewrite. $50 fd.
farmer And wife, $50 and found: stone ma
son, and others. J. F. CROSETT A CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
A FIRST-CLASS traveling salesman; wholesale
notions, novelty and Jewelry line. Address,
with particulars, box 3066. Call.
WANTED —Experienced card writer and win
dow dresser for fancy and dry goods. JOE
ROSENBERG, 816 Market St.
WANTED—One or two men to learn a trade,
must have $10 eecurity; no Sunday work.
Call 212 First st
WANTED—A bright boy about 15 or 16 and
living at home to learn the drug trade. Call
at 186 Fourth St.. between 9 and 10 a. m.
SHEEPSKIN cutter; steady. Carson Glove
Company, 123 Second st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 49 Second at.,
room 522. *
WANTED —Men to prepare for railway mail.
Internal revenue and costom-house positions:
free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti
tute. Grant bldg., 1005 Market; open evgs.
WANTED —A man or strong boy to carry out
bread at 1098 Clay St.. corner Mason.
WANTED —Laborers and mechanlca to" know
that Ed Bulk in, Reno House-.proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED—-Men to fill 350 rooms at 20c per
night: clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec
tric light in every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 8d st., Exam. bid.; open til! 9 P.m.
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale; cigar stand
and laundryigowner going East. 218 Mont
gomery aye.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 571 Mission st., bet. let and 2d sts..
or 11 Third st.. Examiner building.
TWO men to learn the barber trade; abso
lutely free. 751 Mission et.
WANTED —Position as errand boy. Address
1826 Filbert st.
BARBERS'.— 2-chalr- shop for sale; cheap, if
sold by Monday. 1074% Howard st.
FOR sale—Barber shop; 2 chairs; good loca
tion. J. PORCO. Napa. Cab
WANTED —Young roan to work for hla tuition
In 8. F. Barber School. 741 Howard St.
BAILORS and young men (green hands) foe
ehlps. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st,
MEN to learn the detective business; paid
while* learning. 997 Market St., room 104.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St.. where shoes are re
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln., 75c.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bui Us, r. 40, Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. Q. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar
ket—7oo rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 571 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d ste.
■ _— — - —5
SALESMEN AND SOLICITORS.
WANTED —Men to sell a patented article and
territory for same; this la no fake proposi
tion; none but experienced men need apply.
Address KIEL A EVANS CO.. 224 San Pablo
aye., Oakland,
HORSES AND WAG-ONS.
oTylcAlT-OLD horse, $80; weight 1250 lbs;
guaranteed. Eagle Brewing Co., corner
Eighteenth and Harrison sts.
THE quarterly bulletin of 8. F. Veterinary Col
lege now ready; mailed free upon application
to DR. B. J. CREELY,Pres.BIO Golden Gate.
FINE bueiness buggy, also light road buggy;
cheap. 623 Fulton st.
FOR eale—4 young mares; all sound and well
broken. 664 Bryant at.
CARLOAD gentle business buggy and livery
horses. E. STEWART A CO.. 220 Valencia
ACCTION/eale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 827 Sixth at.
HOJTSESjrOJtBT;. v
A—PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery.
IM'I'RNISHED or partly furnished home;
Presidio Heights; 8 rooms and bath. Box
737, Call office.
HOUSE 8 rooms and bath Inquira 126
_ Eddy ,t.
HOUSES^FURNISHED—- FOB, SAML^
14 ROOMS, furnished, for sale; good-paying
' price to suit party. 491 Fourth st.
TURK. 124—Eight rooms, nicely furnished;
••■"•'; will sell at a sacrifice.
COTTAGES TO LIT.
• 2 Li°r~' rn let. cottage of 7 rooms and bath;
an m k- ~.) ~ni,.r . 2538 McAllister et.
HOTELS. _
H 2 T ? I I BALTIMORKs 1015 Van Ness aye.—
asa notel, now being conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
«m 1 mil y " ar - Nation is unsurpassed. The
yin enct ft* aU modern, with every con-
roo^ n *" large, sunny and
..i • " UD * r h view; furnishings are all
NON maml h, * hMt order - «' BHAN-
Newv72? aw i f ; ,rm '''-ly of Hotel Langham,
—— Moarui Hote1 ' Honolulu.
INSTALLMENT 3UILDING.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY ~
wilftLKn 512 Call «*"n A b^ridln,.
$8 a month n? UFpr °PPr' rt y or buy you a lot;
each $Wof D halVc. n - , .f ,U lnter <« ,°°
stallmcntu i»L. fi e dae - making your In
stallments less than rent; send for circular, j
TITE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1905.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST or strayed—Monday, In neighborhood of
- .McAllister and l>evisadero sts., black cocker
.■■paniel male pup; answers to name of Port.
Return to 1501 McAllister st.; reward.
LOST —Mink fur stole, on Sausalito boat leav
ing San Francisco 1:45 Sunday afternoon.
Return room 149, Crocker bldg.; reward.
LOST—A feather boa, in Hale's store or be
twien Hale's and Jones-st. car. Reward for
return to 2821 Laguna st.
LOST—Lady's gold watch; diamond setting;
ribbon: letters M. A. E.; liberal reward.
SHEARER, 314 Post st.
LOST—A pearl and diamond bracelet. Lib
eral reward to finder on returning to MOSS
NEEIR CO., 622 Market st.
LOST—Round gold locket with Initial M in dia
mond chips; picture Inside. Return to' Call
office, Oakland; reward.
LOST—Saturday evening, Sutter st., yellow fig
uring book. Reward, r. 416 Wells-Fargo bid.
LOST—SSO bill, going from Eddy and Franklin
sts. to Eddy and Larkin; reward. 883 Eddy.
FOUND—A small purse. Call at 4406 Twen
ty-fourth st., city.
FOUND —A Rambler bicycle. Apply 2031
Mission st.
LOST, strayed or stolen —On the evening of
Dec. 27. from 11th St., bet. Washington and
Broadway, a dark brown gelding, about 4
year» old. branded "47" under mane; new
harness; runabout, black body, red wheels;
black robe «nd nose bag: reward of $20 for
return to KARL H. NICKEL, rooms 02-63
Bacon building. Oakland.
LOST—Sunday afternoon, Dec. 11. at beach,
south of Park, black Scotch collie bitch.
Suitable reward if returned to 1320 Forty
ninth aye.. Boulevard station, or for inform
ation of whereabouts.
LOST—Medium-sized yellow dogt resembles
collie or spitz; answera name "Moe"; last
seen Third and Market. Owner, 1302 Turk.
LOST—Dog medal; liberal reward. Return to
Castro and Twenty-fourth sts.; pharmacy.
LOST—Near buildine. gold locket. Call
or address 1114 Broadway, Oakland; reward.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
c. a. McNeill launch co., foot of ciay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
MATTRESSSS AND PILLOWS
TO order—renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st.; phone South 216.
MEDICAL.
LADIES who are in trouble or suffering from
any aliment peculiar to their sex can find
immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician In San Francisco
wbo has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience without a failure has
put him at the head. He guarantees relief
or no pay.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market st., rooms 7 and A
DR G. W. O'DONNELL—AII who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu
nate helped; the mcst difficult cases treated;
every case taken; immediate relief; no poi
soning drugs: low feee; my methods will cure
all cases of irregularity; by consulting me
save time and money. Advice free. Office,
1018 Market st.
LA DlES—Possibly I'm not the cheapeet nor yet
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE
LIABLE graduate physician. When In trou
ble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best atten
tion and no danger; I guarantee prompt re
sults or no charge. Room 1. Est. 14 years.
DR. E. ff. WEST, office 306 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market St., opp. sth.
MRS. DR. WYETH7 specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 944 Poet st.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr
inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists, Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
ALL cases of female Irregularities relieved at
once; guaranteed treatment, $10; 80 years'
successful experience. DRS. GOODWIN, 860
Market St., opp. Fourth, room 37.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladles' specialist, removed
from 1118 Market to 838 Mission St., near
Fourth; home In confinement; 26 years' expe
rience; best medical attention; low fees
LADIES suffering from Irregularities, sick or
in trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny
st.; relief guaranteed; no drugs, no operations.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
method of treatment. 1226 Market.
DR ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom st., corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MISCELLANEOUS—FOR SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc,, etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin. shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover It with Mastic Roofing, It Is beat
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofina Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about it. Elaterlte Roofing Co., 713 Market.
BOILERS, engines 2d-hand machinery. McIN
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry sold on
credit by paying one-fifth down, balance pay
able at your own convenience. Pacific Jew
elry Co., 21 Stockton et., second floor.
A—BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITE LAW, 253-256 Spear st.
FOR sale—Copper coffee boiler, with milk pot;
almost new, been used a few days. Call
615 Commercial st.
HOMING pigeons, runts, hens, crosses and
fancy pigeons; best stock birds at 229 Stev
enson st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d at., Exam. bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly paymenta DEREMBR'S, 137 Mont
gomery at., room 12, upstairs.
FIVE restaurant tables, golden oak. for sale
cheap 414 McAllister st.
FOR sale—2d-hand drug stock and show cases.
Particulars, address box 3060, Call.
YOUNG, fresh Jersey-Durham cow; 18 quarts
rich milk daily; gentle. 1694 San Bruno aye.
TALKING machine records; second hand; good
condition. 307 Sansoms St., room 3.
SAFES and cash registers; new and second
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1326 Market at
A VERY fine sealskin coat for sale at a bar
gain at Portland Jewelry Co., 26 Stockton st.
FD-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dol*n Co., 1607 Market.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains, Bui lard A Breck, 131 Post St.
SAFES—New and second-hand. THE HER
MANN SAFE CO.. 807 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ROOMS papered, $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Main 413.
MISCEMiANEOTTS WANTS.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast
off clothing. Tel. Davie 828. 680 Sacramento st,
PAYS special price cast-off fancy ladles' dress
es, gents' clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Red 77.
Highest prices paid for ladles' and gents' cast
off clothing. Tilton, 164 9th; tel. Jessie 3916.
WATER spaniel dog puppy under six months
old. Box 8063, Call office.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER A CO.. r. 406. Adama
bldg- 206 Kearny st.: phone Black 3036.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
OF BARGAINS.
1 Haake, $38; 1 Decker, $48; 1 Stoddard,
$110; 1 Fischer, *™ Al£o
1 Sterling. 1 Stelnway, 1 Curtaa, 1 Vose, 1
Weber 1 Haines, and many others. Easy pay-
W em« : BENJ. CURTAZ A SON, 16 O'Far
relist. „
piIcTtTtTfUL new upright pianos for rent, $3
™Tr month; one year's rental allowed If pur
chased ° BCOTT-OTOTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
iTItj TV must sell large Stelnway upright; cost
e-iKi nrlce $285; will accept payments; no
oger refused. 237 Geary st.
rrrT.™ „nH«ht piano; great bargain; must be
soW; *X. g 1259 Mission St., near Ninth.
rpT ,tf)HT- one $30 upright; one good
$ Square $20! HORNUNG, 216 McAllister st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS—Continued.
INVESTIGATE our second-hand pianos taken
in exchange during holiday sale. Prices
way down; rent $2 up, allowed If purchased;
installments. $4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.,
236-237 Geary St., S. F.; 1252 Broadway,
Oakland.
A SMALL Stelnway upright; cost $500; $185
takes it. 237 Geary st.
FISCHER upright; cost $350; will sell for $96.
237 Geary at,
ELEGANT uprlghts.new A 2a-hand,s4s to $500.
Pierces Piano Factory. Market and 14th sts.
SOHMER Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NKW upright pianos aold on $5 monthly pay
ments. SCHMITZ A CO.. 10 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chiokerlng baby grand;
Shonlnger, little used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AA AAA—A CONFIDENTIAL and reputable
place to borrow money on the following:
Salaries.
Life insurance policies.
Chattel mortgages.
Undivided lntt rests.
Goods in bond.
Legacies.
Second and third mortgages.
Estates in probate.
Life estates.
Rents.
Special department for loans to ladies on
their notes.
Privates offices for ladies ar.d gentlemen.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton St.. near Market,
2d floor. Phone Bush 484.
AA A A—THE Portland Jewelry Co. will malte
you very liberal loans on your diamorras,
sealskin or any valuables at the low rate of
two (2) per cent per month; If you do not
wish to call, phone ua (phone Bush 484) and
the fnanager of our loan department will call
on you- all business strictly confidential.
25 STOCKTON ST., NEAR MARKET.
Private offices at 21 Stc-ekton st., 2d floor.
N. B. The only loan office west of New
York that has a fire and burglar proof vault
on the premises; free use of same to all cus
tomers.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5% AND 6 PER CENT
CITY OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
1 PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es
tates In probate, undivided Interests In prop
erty probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests In property
purchased.
.. ...MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
AAA—HERMAN MURPHY,
001-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate second mortgages, undivided inter
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
Ist. 2d or 8d
Mortgages, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest.
Givs full particulars
of property.
Location, eto.
Box 223, Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 463 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private plaoe to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
978 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market and 27 Third.
A—ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate;
Ist or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. TOLMAN, 553 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal; other security; fairest
rates; strictly confidential: no commls. Na
tional Credit Co., 606 Donohoe bid., 8 Taylor.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
.at W r . J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
PRIVATE—Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no_
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan C 0.,623 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co.. 420 CaUfornla St.. rooms 14 and 16.
SALARIED people on note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 128-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bid.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 811, Mutual Say. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds A Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. SI F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture A pianos; $16 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED —Loan of $1000 on Improved prop
erty; clear title: will give first mortgage at
T per cent. Address box 3504, Call office.
OFFICES AND STOREB TO LET.
TWO nice stores with basementa Corner
Front and Jackson sts.
LARGE front office, gas, water and electricity.
133 Powell st.
STORE to lease at 111 Ellis st. Apply at
barber shop.
PERSONALS.
"R-E-X-R-A-D-lO*-S"
M-A-R-V-E-L-O-U-S
"N-O-N-M-E-D-I-C-A-L"
H-U-M-A-N-I-Z-E-D
"R-A-D-I-U-M"
T-R-E-A-T-M-E-N-T.
"T-H-O-U-S-A-N-D-S" have been (quickly)
CURED of alleged I-N-C-U-R-A-B-L-E dis
eases, of ALL kinds. Patients FLOCK to the
offices from all over the coast. See their
TESTIMONIALS; also REFERENCES to
grateful CITY patients. CONSULTATION
free. Terms MODERATE. Call and INVES
TIGATE. Houra 2 to 7. RADIUM HALL
and offices, 1 Fourth st. (upstairs), corner
Market.
BPECIAL BETWEEN SEASON LOW RATES
this week for facial beautifying; a face with
out a wrinkle with the contour and fresh
color of youth may be had through my scien
tific treatment; consultation and booklet free.
M. ELLA HARRIS, 128 Geary st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im
proves its growth, stops falling.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists',hairdressers';ac
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
A—Wrinkles, pimples, freckles, moles, super
fluous hair removed; latest method. Mme.
Marie. 1012, Ellis st.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. G. S. MOORE, 332 O'Farrell et.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1899. 2122 Fillmore st.; phone Geary 2063.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, over
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS',
London Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post'st., near Powell.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; electric needle.
Mrs: Eaton, Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MRsTd-R. GWYER, 511 A Leavenworth St., be
tween Geary and O'Farrell. TeL East 697.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring. 117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market St., between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you in line clothing.
Art Tailoring, 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wLrs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 MKt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color. $1 at all druggists'.
CHEAPEST and best in America—The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at
torney-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg., 632 Market st.
REAL EST ATE—CTTY—EOR SADE.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
City agentß for Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company. Send us your name and we will
forward you, without any cost to you, our
booklet, "Buyer and Seller," containing a
complete list of choice real estate holdings
fo;' sale.
$80,01 io—Rent $2040 per annum; 6 new aunny
flats; modern lmprovementa; centrally
located; Julian aye.. near 14th st. car;
transfer comer; within 10 minutes'
walk of City HaH. new postofflce and
manufacturing district.
$12.000—Filbert st, near Mason; large lot. 46x
137:6, containing 4 flats of 6 and 6
rooms and bath each aTnd 2-story house
of 7 rooms and bath; rents for $96 per
month.
$S,OO0 —Bryant-st. corner; new and modern
building, containing store and flat of 6
rooms and bath; rents $56 per month;
lease has 4% years to run; mortgage of
$4000 can remain.
$11,800—Post st.. near Van Ness; fins house of
11 rooms, bath, conservatory, ateam
heating, etc.; lot 27:6x120 to rear street;
very comfortable home; rents for $65
per month.
$9,250 —Stockton-st. corner, well In; 2-story
building, consisting of store and 15
rooms above; rented for $72 50 per
month; modern plumbing and in good
condition.
$75,000—O'Farrell-st. corner; 6 minutes' walk
from Market St.; large lot, 60x90. with
L 22x22; frame bulldlags renting for
$200 per month; splendfd site for new
brick building.
$2,750—1n the warm belt of the Mission; 2
flats of 4 and 5 rooms and rear cot
tage renting for $26 per month; large
lot. 50x114; well In, near Nineteenth st.
$13,750—P05t st., near Gough; 2 fine, new
flats of 7 and 12 rooms and bath;
renting for $106 per month; fine lot.
31 feet frontage; splendid neighborhood.
$2.3,ooo—Haight-st corner; lot 56:3x72; 2 build
ings, consisting of store on corner and
4 flats, all in excellent condition; rent
$176 per month.
$1,000 —Jones St.. near Broadway; 8 flats of
4-4 and 6 rooms; rents for $36 per
month; must be sold to close an estate;
make an offer.
$3,000 —Nice cottage of 6 rooms and bath on
Fourth aye.; Richmond District; fine
lot. 25:6x120; convenient to the cars.
$2,750^ —Baker st., near Golden Gate aye.;
choice lot, 26x121; in fine neighborhood;
street work all done; ready to build.
$15,000—Geary St., near Larkln; fine lot, 25x
120, containing old improvements rent
ing for $66 per month; splendid building
site.
$4,soo—First aye., near the Park; nice cot
tage of 6 rooms and bath; lot 28x120;
high basement and attic; basement could
be converted into flat; rent $37 60 per
month.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS PROPERTY.
SELLING FAST.
Ready for building; only a few of these
choice marine view lots left: In block bounded
by Vallejo, Green, Broderlck and Baker sta;
property on official grade; streets and cross
ings; sewered; low prices on terms to suit.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
26 Post at.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
25 POST ST.
PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
Finest subdivision of home building lots
offered to the public in years; Parnassus
Heights frontß the Golden Gate Park on H
St., and extends from First to Seventh ayes.
(the boulevard), and back to the Affiliated
Colleges.
Our office on the ground, corner of H and
Seventh aye.; open every day, including Bun
days; attendant with rig to show you around.
$6300 —SACRAMENTO, near East; equity In
good piece of business property close to wa
ter front; 30-feet front; leases will expire in
about one year; needs new building, which
will pay good interest; bank mortgage $7200
can remain; make offer.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
25 Post st.
BPECK A CO.
209 Montgomery Street.
Belling. • Rents collected.
Leasing. Insurance.
INCOME PROPERTIES.
$52,600— Splendid new building; 66 rooms; 20
baths; leased; cash eecurity; rents
$4670; fine Investment; vicinity O'Far
rell and Powell sts.
$23,600 —Corner in select section of Western
Addition; stores and flats above; ise
one tenant $2100 yearly; nets 8
per cent; positively a good buy.
$21.600 —Exceptionally bright and sunny well
located new Western Addition fiats; 36
feet corner lot; rents $2460 year; see
this.
$17,600 —Harrison st., corner, close In; 55 ft.
frontage; good Improvements and yield
ing an income of over $2000 yearly; best
buy south of the Market st. for the
money.
$B,Bso—Fine Western Addition flats; lot 25x
122:6; renting for $75 50 monthly; make
offer.
$7,500 —Dupont st. business property; a sub
stantial investment; improvements in
fine condition; leased at $720 annually;
no reasonable offer refused; price re
dused for quick eale.
$6,200 —An exceptionally good paying invest
ment in flats: in best part Richmond
District; on 4 car lines and close to
park; will pay 20 per cent on invest
ment; see this sure; all rented.
$5,500 —Price reduced. New and cozy flats
In fine neighborhood; Western Addi
tion; nothing nicer for the money; 26
ft. lot: all rented at $660 yearly.
BUILDER'S REMODELING CHANCE.
$9,000 —Southeast corner Sutter and Scott stat
10-room residence; convert into 4 stores
and flats above at a cost of $5000, and
same will easily rent for $175 month.
$50.000 —Corner In wholesale district, one blocl
from Market and California sts.; lot
46x100: old Improvements.
$63,000— Large fine corner on Ellis street, east
of Larkin; 63-foot frontage on Ellis st.;
present lmprovementa old; splendid lo
cation to improve with undisputed fu
ture.
RESIDENCES.
$35,000—Beautiful, modern ten-room residence:
Pacific Heights; magnificent marine
view; lot 27:6x137:6 feet.
$15.500—Splendid California st. residence; 12
rooms; large grounds; very choice.
$4,000— Beautifully appointed, new and dainty
cottage of 5 rooms; 25 foot lot In fine
neighborhood; Western Addition; a
bargain and very nice. We have others
LOTS.
$33,000—The most superbly located residence
site in the city: elegant neighborhood
and extended marine and city view;
cheapest Durchase of Its kind in the
city; three frontages; 128x137:6 feet
$25,500— Elegantly located residence site; Pa-a
cific Heights; choicest in city; 62 foot
frontage; unsurpassed marine view .
$4,260 —First avenue boulevard; near Lake
st.; 50-foot frontage.
$4,2so—Very choice Clay st. lot; 30x112 feat;
select neighborhood.
$1,450 —Fine lot on Second aye., near Park;
this Is cheap.
We have a large list of lots in all sections
of the city; some special buys In the Rich
mond District.
SPECK A CO.,
209 Montgomery Street
;
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on grade;
close to fine school and Mission-st. electric
cars; bound to double in value.
$400 each on installments of $10 per month;
no taxes: fine lots, wear Ocean boulevard;
best residence location south of Golden Gate
Park; these are the cheapest lots in this dis
trict; advancing In price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE,
26 Montgomery st.. r. Phone Main 5704.
$10,500— INCLUDING bltuminlzlng of street;
terms to suit; 3 swell sunny flats not yet
completed; rents $1080 per annum; every
known possible latest Improvement; 16 min
utes from City Hall; 7th-ave. boulevard, near
Fulton st.; close to the Park; 5 car lines, one
runs all night. Apply from 11 to 4. Sev
enth aye., near Fulton st.
$1660 —NEW, modern cottage, 5 rooms and
bath; $300 cash, bal. $15 per mo.; fine loca
tion; muat sell at once. 3310 Mission st.
IF you are looking for city property or a home
in Berkeley, Oakland or Alameda, call or
send for our selected list. ROTHERMEL A
CO.. 507 California at.
I HAVE 20 fine paying flats for sale; positive
bargain; Intending purchasers please apply
to owner. 142 Fulton st.
SPECIAL bargains this week. RIANDA A
CO., 627 Montgomery st.
FOR sale—Two lots, Richmond; moderate;
muat be sold. Room 809, 708 Market st.
REAL ESTATE—CITY—TOR SALE.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE ,
By C. S. CAPP A CO., t
630 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
California and Pierce—A corner lot with 6
good residences; all aunny; all well rented.
Golden Gate aye., bet. Pierce and Scott-
Lot 26x137:6, with a 10-room house in good or
der; rented In flats.
Golden Gate aye., west of Baker st.—Lot 251
137:6. with house of 7 rooms and bath; only
$4000.
McAllister, bet. Pierce and Scott—Lot 25x
137:6; ready to build on; fine neighborhood for
flats; a bargain.
Sanchez, bet. 17th and 18th—25 or 60x100;
wide street; good neighborhood.
Broadway and Polk—NW. corner, with im
provements.
■Post, bet. Octavia and Laguna—Lot 26:10 x
90; fine location for flats.
Folsom, bet. Third and Fourth—Large lot;
old Improvements; rents $100; suitable for a
hotel or factory.
Fine resid?nce In Oakland, overlooking Lake
Merrltt; magnificent view and large lot; for
sale or trade for city property.
Two lots In Halladay map A: cheap.
GOOD work our motto; prices moderate. AHL
BACH & MAYER, plumbers, 836 Howard at.
READ ESTATE—COUNTRY—For Bala.
INVEST YOUR MONEY IN LAND IN SUT
TER COUNTY.
$G5 an acre buys choice orchard land within
three miles of three large fruit canneries,
two dried fruit packing establishments and a
large winery: best market center for all kinds
of fruit; the Butte County Irrigation ditch
coming this way; surveys under way for
two electric lines to traverse this section
and an overland road (the Western Pacific)
passing through here all point to a large In
crease In land values; four daily passenger
trains to San Francisco each day now; no
other eection offers a better opportunity for
profitable Investment: also have some good
dredge mining propositions.
Address M. J. NEWKOM. Real Estate
Dealer, 406 Second St., Marysville, Cal.
WE have for sale on account of the death of
the owners one of the most famous hot
mineral springs on this coast; 1600 acres
of land; fine hotel, outbuildings and baths;
orchard, vegetable garden; livestock, poultry,
etc.; a sportsman's resort; patronized by
the best pecple; the greatest trout streams
In America pass through this property; a
noted pleasure and health resort; never be
fore offered for sale. For full information
apply or write to
F. L. SKAGGS A CO.. 28 Montromery et.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS'.
Send postal for catalogue of the best land
bargains in California. c - M WOOSTER CO.,
648 Market at.
$1600—FOR SALE—S-room cottage, San Pab
lo aye., Oakland; Income 11% per cent. See
owner, W. D. COLDREN, room 11. 632 Mkt.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—The Weekly Call,
16 pares, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BAN MATEO READ ESTATE.
SAN MATEO SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice list of excellent residence
properties, villa sites and acreage. Don't fall
to see us before buying. Investigate San Mateo
Park, the Ideal propety of them all. Lots of
about one acre each. Bound to be most valu
able; $900 up.
HAYWARD ADDITION.
Adjoining the town. Business and residence
lots. Street work complete. Covered with ma
jestic oaks. Easy terms. See our local agent,
Frank S. Grummon. San Mateo office open
Sunday.
BALDWIN A HOWELL, 26 Post st.
LOMITA PARK. LOMITA PARK.
LOMTTA PARK.
On the line of San Mateo electric cars; 46
minutes from Fifth and Market sts.
Sewer and water pipes laid.
Pure artesian water.
Lots $400 and up.
Outside the fog belt
$10 to $60 down and $10 per month.
Go down and Investigate.
Maps sent on application.
SELBY. RODGERS A CO..
Main 673. 116 California st.
Also at Lomlta Park.
ALAMEDA APVERTWTS
AT. A MED A REAL ESTATE.
$2100 —NEW, modern cottage, 5 rooms, now
nearly finished; lot 33x155. Call at Railroad
aye., west of Flf.th St., and see owner and
builder. J. H. YOUNG.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'N TS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale at great sacrifice —Two-story house,
8 rooms; lot 155x207; must be sold by 20th;
owner going East; no reasonable offer refused;
Is situated 1 block north of Corbln station.
West Berkeley. T. J. BEVIS, on premises.
OAKLAND ADYERTWTS
OFFICE, 101« BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL
THIS IS A BARGAINI
THIS IS A BARGAIN!
16000—Worth $7500. $6000—Worth $7500.
$6000 —Worth $7500 $0000—Worth $7500.
MUST BE SOLD.
MUST BE SOLD.
The choicest and most sightly lot In Pied
mont; 100 feet frontage on two streets by a
depth of over 300 feet; all street work com
plete; surrounded by elegant residences; con
venient to cars; grand view of Golden Gate,
San Francisco, Marin hills, the bay of Oak
land; easy terms; must be sold.
J. H. MACDONALD A CO.,
1052 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
ELEGANT residence lots. 40x120 and 40x200
each, In Piedmont district; 3 short blocks to
"Key Route" depot; one block from Broad
way: elevated ground: fine view- street
work complete; entirely new neighborhood;
80 minutes to San Francisco; convenient to
Country Club.
FOR PRICES AND TERMS SEE
J H. MACDONALD A CO..
1062 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
BARGAIN!
$6000 will buy a fine $8000 home.
MUST BE SOLD.
MUST BE SOLD.
Fine home of 9 rooms and all conveniences,
surrounded by palms; lot 160 feet front; lot
surrounded by three streets: on electric line;
almost entirely free from fogs; climatic con
ditions unexeclled.
If you wish a fine sheltered home see this
property. It Is in the Piedmont district.
For particulars see
J. H. MACDONALD A CO.,
1062 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
ONLY $2750 —Don't miss tnis; must be sold at
once; 7-room colonial house, modern In every
particular; open plumbing; porcelain bath;
gas fad electricity; all large rooms; 4 bed
rooms upstairs; good size lot; fine neigh
borhood and must be sold at once; price only
$2750; very easy terms; owner must sell on
account of change in business location.
$4100 —Elegant dwelling, located In one of
Oakland's choicest residence districts; house
contains 7 large, sunny rooms; pretty re
ception hall, pillared arch to parlor, elegant
paneled dining-room, fine china closet and
bookcase built in; large lot, 36x140 feet; note
the depth.
KREISS A HORSWILL,
1070 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
CHEAP LOTS—CHEAP LOTS.
• What Next?
Closing Out What's Left.
$50 a Lot. Jessie Jones Tract.
$75 a Lot. Westall Tract.
$75 Laurel Grove Park.
$125 Florence Jones Tract.
$100 Gallndo Tract.
Any one of these lots may be a fortune for
your little one; $6 cash, $160 monthly; ad-
Joining Bast Oakland; no fogs nor raw winds
here; all Al lots; call or send for circular.
455 Seventh St., opposite Broadway station,
Oakland. Carriage free.
H. Z. JONES. Owner.
FOR sale —House of 9 rooms and bath; corner
lot, 40x110 feet; centrally located: rents for
$35 per month.
Modern up-to-date home; house of 10 rooms
and bath: 3 toilets; with or without furni
ture and carpets; nice barn and carriage
house; cement driveway; lot 60x128:6 feet.
, Apply to OWNER, 1227 Adeline St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVKRT'S'MTS
OAKLAND BOOMS TO LBT.
3 OR 4 clean sunny rooms; central: separate
entrance 615 Fifteenth St., Oakland.
OAKLAND FUKKITDBE FOB SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains tn furni
ture. H. Schelhaas. 11th at.,cor.store.Oakland
• — - . - -
San Francisco Advertisem't'3
"
BOOMS FOB HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT, 421—One or two sunny rooms, nicely
furnished for housekeeping; gas.
CENTRAL aye.. 68 (apt. 2)—2 or 3 fum. front
ran; bath; regular kitchen; grand view; rsas.
ELEVENTH, 108—Elegant front suit com
plete for housekeeping; gas and bath; slngie
rooms from $1 60 up.
FOURTH. 491—Two rooms furnished com
plete for housekeeping.
GEARY, 610—Housekeeping or single rooms;
by the day, week or month.
GEARY. 1225—Fine, sunny, bay-window suite:
all conveniences; nice marine view; also
other choice rooms; reasonable.
GOUGH. 210—Five sunny rooms, completely
furnished for housekeeping; open Saturday,
Sunday or evenings for Inspection; rees.
HAMPTON place, 7, off Folsom, near Third -
3 sunny bay-window housekeeping rooms;
nicely furnished: connecting.
HARRISON. 406—Housekeeping rooms; stogie
and en suite: furnished rooms; aunny rooms;
electric light; bath.
HARRTSON, 897—Housekeeping rooms to let.
HOWARD, 212—Furnished rooma for house
keeplng; central: e'ean; quiet; no children.
HOWARD. 701B—Two housekeeping rooms;
one front; gas; bath; call after 4 p. m.;
rent 111.
HYDE and Washington; apply 1508 Wash.—
Suites 2 or 3 rooms for hkpg.; newly fur.
JESSIE, 323—Sunny front parlor; gas range,
sink; $3 75 week; cheaper rooms.
KEARNY, 104 — Three sunny unfurnished
rooms; bath; $20: bay window; front
LEAVENWORTH, 608, near Geary—•
nlahed houaekeeping rooma.
LIBERTY, 502—2 unfurnished sunny rooma foe
light housekeeping; use of bath.
MAYBELLE, 202 Grove, cor. Van Neas—Sun
nyfurn. S-rm. Van Ness suites; $28 and $2«.
OAK, 117—Rooms, complete, housekeeping; $5
to $12; gas range; hot bath; adults.
O'FARRELL 208—Three nicely furnished, ana
ny rooms, 8 beds; gas range; yard.
POLK, 606—Large, clean, sunny, alcove rooms:
small kitchen; gas stove; phone, adults: rea
sonable.
SIXTEENTH. 3077, near Valencia—2 neatly
furn. rooms for housekpg.; complete; reas.
TENTH, 149—One furnished complete house
keeping room; private family.
WALLER, 1631. near Park—Nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; others; bath.
WEBSTER, 1229—3 or 4 rooms, complete for
housekeeping; bath. Phone Pine 56.
WEBSTER, 1351, near O'Farrell—Unfurnished
sunny housekeeping rooms; newly finished.
BOOMB TO LET—Furn. and TTnfurn.
ATKINS, corner Third st. and Park lane—New
brick building; all sunny moms>; hot and cold
water; electric lights; only first-class house
In locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
A—BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.—Rooms
26c to $1 per night. $1 26 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth at.)— Rooms, 26c to 50c. $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store: 2 en
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk—Electric
lights, running water in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 26 to $3 week.
BUSH. 1710. near Gough—Fine, newly fur
nished sunny rooms, front and side: run
ning hot, cold water; bath; phone; use par
lor; reasonable; 15 minutes walk downtown.
BUSH, 602. corner Grant aye.—Suites and
double rooms; reasonable.
EDDY. 110—The Launeton, opp Tlvoll: finest
of rooma for transients; terms reasonable.
FURNISHED room for woman; $6 month; near
Fourteenth and Mission. Box 3333. Call.
FOURTH. 491—Nice front room, suitable for
two; 2 beds; rent $10.
GEARY. 1707 —Sunny furnished room tn pri
vate family.
GATE aye., 1006—2 nloe. light
rooms; phone; grate; bath; for 2 or 8 gen
tlemen.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 857—Newly furn., sunny
suites; also single rooms; $2 to $5 week; bath.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission—Rooms 850
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HARRISON, 784%, near Fourth—Finely fur
nished rooms; homelike; $1 week up.
HOWARD, 716—Furnished rooms, single or
double; central location.
JONES, 484, fiat B —Rooms, with or without
board; suite and single, with private bath;
elegant new house; all modern conveniences;
no signs.
LASKIE. 28, oft Mission, near Nlntli—Nicely
furnished room; lady and gentleman or two
ladies; $8. -
LEXINGTON aye., 122, near 18th —1 furnished
sunny front room, closet and gas, $5 month:
private family; near Valencia and Mis. cars.
MARKET. 1048 (The Falmouth) —Sunny rooms;
$2 60 to $7 week; baths; elevator; also hafepg.
MCALLISTER. 1953—F0r rent, one room $6,
two $12 and three $16; nice, new flat.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third St. —*08
single and family rooms 36c to $1 50 per day,
$2 to $8 week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam beat
In every room and gives free baths and ele
vator day and night to its guests.
MTNNA. 665—Newly furnished sunny rooma
suitable for two gentlemen.
O'FARRELL, 208—Nicely furnished, sunny
front rooms; also single; $2 60 to $6 wash.
O'FARRELL. 797, corner Larkln—Sunny bay
window room; cheap.
POWELL, 216—Suite sunny front rooma suit
able for manicure or massage parlors.
POWELL, 416—Small, sunny room, $5 month;
other room, $10 month.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis—lncandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par
lor; rooms per night. 36c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; looms with hot and cold water; baths.
SIXTH. 143 —Furnished room with housekeep
ing privilege.
I URK, 123 —Clean, sunny furn. rooms, with
board: suite or single- housekeeping; $6 up.
VAN NESS aye., 1008—Large and small rooms
to let.
VENDOME. 1104 Market—Furn. rooms, suite
or single: suite $5 week up. 18 Turk.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, nr. Market—4oo
rooms 36c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read.-room: free bus, baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st., nr. Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus, baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts
BOOMS AND BJfJARD.
HOTEL L'AIGLON, 601 Geary sC—Large,
sunny rooms, board; suites, with board for 2.
$60 mo.; single, with board, $26 up; special
family rates; just renovated.
JONES. 434, Flat B—Suite and single rooms,
with or without private bath; board op
tional: elegant new house; all modern con
veniences; no signs.
RETIRED teacher will board one or two
small boys. Address box 3034. Call office.
ELLIS. 463—Choice rooms; light and sunny;
all conveniences; beat French table board.
For Additional Classified Advertise,
ments See Pa** 14.
1314
mOOMB AND BOARD—Contlnuod.
COMORA (The). 621 O'Farrell—Homelike:
quiet; best beds: table and service.
LARGE sunny rooms; phone; bath; good board;
warm belt. 936 Valencia st.
CALIFORNIA. 807—Best rooms, table and ser
vice In the city for the least money.
BOOKS AND BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG rentleman wishes room and board.
Box 8001, Call office.
tvi " ------ -
SEWING MACHINES AND STJFFMES.
WE have left about 90 shopworn Whites and
used sewing machines of other makes, we
Intend to close out the lot this week; clos
■ ing Drtces will be from $6 to $25. Many of
these machines are practically new and all
in excellent condition. White Sewing Ma
chine Co., 915 Market St.
ALL makes; 2d-hand, $2. $5, $7. $9; new. $4. $8:
drop heads. 5-drawer. gold-n oak. $15; rented,
repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic
S. M. Co., 146 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 3796.
DOMESTIC—The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes
tic office, 1021 Marketjit.._nr. Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3. $5, $8: slightly
used $10, $15. $20: you know where the dolls
swing In the window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1015 Mlsslon_st
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents—The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
■in SSJ
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A—EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725
-781 Howard Bt., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 10 Drumm st.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co.. of
fice Post and Powell sts.: tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.: phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 st. has recelvAd the
following half-orphan girl from October 1,
1904. to January 1, 1905: Margaret Miller,
aged 3 years 11 months.
THE following half-orphana have been ad
mitted Into the Nursery for Homeless Chil
dren: Jennie Camplau. 0 years; Lillle M.
Lowe, 6 years; Wilfred Jar.oe, 11 years;
Gordon Dobson. 6 years.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco
Ladles' Protection and Relief Society will be
held at the home. Franklin and Geary sts.,
THURSDAY. January 12. 1905. at 2 p. ra.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
LAN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
' Smith Premier, $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower pricea: rental? $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange. 636 California st.
BD-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. C 0..508 Market
TO LEASE-
WE have two or three choice propositions in
rooming and apartment houses to Uase.
■ SPECK & CO.. 209 Montgomery st. I
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
I>IVJTJ>END NOTICE —The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco—At a regular meet- j
Ing of the Board of Directors of -this bank,
bud January 3. 1905, a dividend for the
quarter year ending December 31. 1004, waa
declared," at the rate of seven (7) per cent
Mr annum, payable on and after the Kith i
lm-tant: transfer books will be closed from
the 10th to the 10th Instant, both days In- I
elusive. GEO. GBANT. Secretary. San '
Francisco. Cal.. Jan. 5, 1905. 1
DIVIDEND NOTICE: The Giant Powder j
Company. Co.i.—A dividend. No. 73, of fifty |
cents tsoc) per share on the Issued capital !
stock of the company has been declared pay
able the office of the company, rooms :
202. 204 and 206. Hayward bldg.. San Fran- |
Cisco, on Jan. 10 1005. Transfer books close !
Jan. 3. 1'.»05. at 'noon. C. C. QUINN, Sec.
PROPOSALS. |
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau !
of Supplies and Accounts, Navy Depait- .
ment, Washington, D. C, until 10 o clock j
a. m., January 31, 1000, and publicly opened
immediately thereafter, to lurnish at the
navy yards, Mare Island, Cal., Puget Sound. 1
AVaj;h.,and Naval Training Station, San Fran- j
Cisco, Cal., as specified, a quantity of Port- |
land cement, cruphed granite, sand, broken
Stone, rods, bolts, nuts, washers, spikes,
metal fabric, door sets, sash fasteners, j
hlnrej, sorawa, dies, taps, drills, looks, j
emtry Wheels, sandpaper, grate bars, flies, J
Yale locka lead wire, accessories for Brown
and Sharpe milling machine, miscellaneous
hardware and hand tooia ticking. Irish and j
dowlas linen, muslin buffs, biliiard cloth.
Van Dyke cloth, corset lacing, sheeting, elec- ;
trie and oil lamps, electric wire, motors,
fans, Oregon pine, pllos. railroad rails, angle
bars, medium steel, steel plates, galvanized i
roofirw. Iron, pig lead, copper, bra;-\s, pig |
tin, hose, valves. "Garlock" and "I'eerlcr.s" |
packing, sheet gum gasket, magnesia pipe |
coverine and blocks, drain ami soil pipe,
condenser tubes, paper weights, punches, '
twine, paper, memorandum books, Ink,
library paste water-closets, lavatory, bath
tub, wall and desk phones, nitric acid, plati- I
nuin wire and Fheet. sheet silver, salt- i
water soap, steam pump, walrus an'; walrlne i
wheels, ground emery, "Tripoli." "Acme
White," carbolineum, dry grinder, window j
glass. "McOreery" elbows. upholsterer's
Mather, Singer sewing machine, rigging and I
• lacing leather, paint brushes, cotton waste.
j mid oil meter. Blank proposals will !
be furnished upon application to the navy
pay offices, San Francisco. Cal.. and Seattle, j
Wash., or to the Bureau. H. T. B. HAR- !
RIS. Paymaster General. I". 8. N. 12-27-04
NOTICE is hereby given that sealed bids will
be received at 16 South Hall. Berkley, on
or before 12 noon. January 14, for the plumb
ing for California Hall, as per plans and
specifications on file at said office. No bids
will be considered unless accompanied by a
certified check or bond In favor of the un
dersigned, equal to 10 per cent of the bid,
WTth sufficient sureties conditioned that, If
the bid be accepted, the bidder frill enter
Into a contract fs Ithfully to perform the ob
ligations in accordance with snid bid and
with eald plans and The right
to reject any or ail bids i» hereby reserved.
The Regents of the University of California.
SEALED proposals irttl be received at the of
fice of the Lighthouse Engineer, san Fran
cisco. Cal.. until 12 O'clock m.. February 3,
1906. and then opened, for the construction
of a frame lighthouse structure at the south
erly end of Southampton Shoals. Pan Fran
cisco Bay. Cal., In accordance with specifi
cations, copies of which, with blank pro
posals and other Infcrmatlon. may be had
upon application to Lieut. Col. THOS H.
HANDBT'RY, Corps of Engineers. U. S. A.,
Engineer.
LEGAL NOTICES.
ESSEX County Orphans' Court, State of New
Jersey.—ln the matter of estate of John
Winter.—Order to show cause.—ELIZABETH
WESTERMAN. sister, one of the next of
kin of JOHN WINTER, late of Newark.
New Jersey, having filed her application in
writing with the Surrogate of Essex County.
New Jersey, alleging therein that said JOHN
WINTER, being a resident of the State of
New Jersey, has absented himself from said
State for seven years successively. That
his next of kin and heirs at law are the
said ELIZABETH WESTERMAN. a sister.
LENA GELSHEIMER, a sister, and SOPHIA
STORCK. a sister. And praying for an
order that cause be shown why letters of
administration of said JOHN WINTER'S
estate should not be granted to said ELIZ
ABETH WESTERMAN, and that letters of
administration of the goods and chattels,
credits and estate of said JOHN WINTER
be granted to said ELIZABETH WESTER
MAN. And it appearing that said LENA
GEISHEIMER and SOPHIA STORCK have
renounced all right and claim of ad
ministration of the goods and chattels and
credits of said JOHN WINTER and re
quested that administration be granted to
said ELIZABETH WESTERMAN.
Now. therefore. It Is on this twenty-third
day of December. Nineteen Hundred and
Four, ordered that cauae be shown, by any
or all persons interested herein, before tht
' Surrogate of the County of Essex, at his
office In the Courthouse in the city of New
ark. New Jersey, on the twenty-third day
of February. Nineteen Hundred and Five,
at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, or as soon
thereafter as the matter can be heard, why
letters of administration of the goods and
chattels, credits and estate of said JOHN
WINTER should not be granted to the said
ELIZABETH WESTERMAN. And It Is
further ordered that said order to show
cause shall be published, within twenty days
hereafter, in the Newark Evening News, a
newspaper printed and published at Newark.
In the State of New Jersey, and in the San
Francisco Call, a newspaper printed and pub
lished at San Francisco. In the State of
California, for four weeks successively, at
least once In each week.
G. E RUSSELL, Surrogate.
CHARLES T. GLEN, Proctor. 741 Broad
Street. Newark. N. J.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Dec. 15, 1904.—T0
whom It may concern: Be It hereby known
♦hat the co-partnership heretofore existing
between D. J. O'HARA and F. J. MONA
HAN under the firm name of MONAHAN,
re TT A RA. A CO.. is hereby dissolved. The
,'jj n J. O'HARA withdrawing from tne
*ald concern and Ws name discontinued.
DANIEL J. O'HARA. F. J. MONAHAN.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C. C O'DONNELL—Office and residence,
1021% Market st., bet. 6th and 7th; particu
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED—DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Maaon St., now lo
cated at 66i Geary St., near Leavenworth. .
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor —All dta
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay at.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In BARS
positively cured: new methods; one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 9 Powell.
VTA FX
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatmert: booklet free: write for lt-
VIAVI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 282.
STUTT BTAMMERINQ.
system; 2 schools: 810 Diamond,
621 Franklin. Inquire 621 Franklin. 8 to 12.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
George W. Glum. 21. 460 Ellla street, and
Ena Johnson. 18, 1122 De Haro street.
Thomas A. O'Rourke. 21. 3014 Twenty-fifth
street, and Sadie C. Richardson, 18, city.
John P. Wojdackl. 84,, 129 Third street, and
Evelina Loranger, 38, Sacramento.
Thomas Jobson, 21, 113 Vallejo street and
Bre Regulllan, 21, 907 Railroad avenue, South
San Francisco.
Jean Domere. 27, 1720 Polk street, an* Anna
Fontes. 18. 1726 Polk street.
Lewes D. Walker, 25. city, and Hattle A.
Dodson, 28, city.
Faustino Rivamonte, 35, 745 Broadway, and
Gfromima Valensuela, 26. 745 Broadway.
Horace W. Burr, 27, Berkeley, and Daisy
H Hall 22, Lincoln.
Christopher O. Johnson, 34, 14 Caddell place,
and Katie Babbino, 18, 14 Caddell place.
Peter Frandsen, 24, 56 Moss street, and
Thora Jensen, 27, 66 Moss street.
Samuel J. Stocker, 23. 1511 Mission street,
and Lena Bieleteme, 20, 135 Twelfth street.
Camllle Guntern. 32, 627 Commercial street,
and Ephersine Imhof, 21, 627 Commercial st.
Ignatius Larios, 38, 1747 Mission street, and
Katherine Grady, 25. 1262 O'Farrell street.
Lawrence E. Suttoii. 30. Chicago, and Attila
H. Gilllgan, 26, 725 Hampshire street.
Joseph D. Briggs, 30, city, and Julia Otter
son, 29, city.
BIRTHS—MARRIAGES—DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
ABRAMS— In this city, to the wife of Harry
Abrams (nee Mllsner), a daughter.
LONG—In this city. January 4. 1905, to the
wife of George Long, a daughter.
TASSETT—In this city. January 3, 1905, to
the wife of J. Tassett, a daughter.
THOMPSON—In South Berkeley, Cal., Janu
ary 8, 1905, to the wife of Henry G. Thomp
son, a daughter.
TRAEGER—In this city, to the wife of Louis
Traeger a son.
MARRIED.
ALTMANN—RUEF—In this city. December 18, I
1904. by Rabbi B. M. Kaplan. Aaron Alt- !
mann and Marie Ruef, both of San Fran
cisco.
METZNER—SEIS—In this city, December 25.
1904, by Rabbi B. M. Kaplan, John Metzner
and Adeline Sels. *
SIMON—MICHAEL—In this city, January 8,
1905, by Rabbi B. M. Kaplan, Abraham
Simon and Amelia Michael.
WOLLESON—IBURG—In San Jose. Cal.. De
cember 31, 1904, by the Rev. Mr. Deringer. :
William J. Wollescn and Henrietta R. Iburg, |
both of this city.
DIED.
Barnett. Rachel—sl Jenne, Jacob —60
Becanne, Isadore L. —24'Keepan. Margaret—7s
Bellhaber. Chas.—39 Kelly. Wm. E.— 25
Bourland, Lemuel —88 Kissiing. Israel—Bo
"hristensen, Christina—Lenox, Edward H.—77
73 I McCarthy, Mary
Ccdey, Matthew M. 'McCarthy. James—32
Coustette, Louis—47 McM#nus, Francis—23
Culkn. Mac—23 jMonaghan, Hugh—SO
Cummens. Ellen—6o Mosher. Annie—6o
Dickow. Robert —9 Mulligan, Mary—26
Fitzmaurice. John—s2 O'Keefe. Mary E.—6B
Flynn, John—7s I Sheridan, Thos. P. H.
Haub, Conrad —33 ISullivan Abbie
Hyde, Julia. I Whitney, Chas. H. —46
iBA B Y "T —In this city. January 8. 1905.
Rachel, wife of the late John Barnett. and
beloved mother of Laura. Lena. Howard and
the late Maud Barnett. a native of Canada,
j aged 51 years 1 month and 21 days. (Chi- j
csgo papers please copy.)
| uiyFTiends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral services |
Tuesday. January 10. at 1 p. m.. from her j
late residence, 121 Ripley street. Interment i
I Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BECANNE-«-In Alameda . Cal.. January 7.
1906, Isadore Louis Becanne. beloved and
OBly son of John atid Maria Becanne. a na
tive of Alameda County, aged 24 years 5
| months and 17 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect- |
i fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday, I
January 10, at 9:30 a. m.. from his late i
residence, 2185 Central avenue, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where at 10 a. m. a 1
j requiem high mass will be celebrated for the |
repose of his soul. Interment St. Mary's j
i Cemetery, Oakland.
i BELLHABER—In this city, January 0. 1908,
<"narle;», dearly beloved husband of Caroline i
Ballhaber, a native of Hamburg, Germany, j
os:ed 39 years.
• BOIRLAND—In this city, January 9, 1905,
Lemuel, beloved father of w. A. and. Blanche |
Bourland, Mrs. Q. C. Schlam and Mrs. L. |
Newton, a native of Mississippi, aged 63
j years.
> jr^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
I fuliy invited to attend the funeral Thursday. !
January 12, at 10:80 a. m.. from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate ,
; avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, j
; CHRISTENS EN—ln this city, January 8, j
19ui5. Christina M. Christensen, beloved wife ;
of J. H. Christensen, and mother of Mrs. :
J. J. Olsen and H. Christensen, a native of j
Denmark, aged 73 years 5 months and 13 I
j days, i Hay wards, Cal.. papers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes
day. January 11. at 2 p. m.. from ber late
residence at Russell station, Alameda
County. Interment Mount Eden Cemetery.
Remains at the residence of the daughter.
Mrs. J. J. Olsen. 708 Castro street, until
Tuesday, 7 a. m.
CODEY—In this city, Jflnuary 9. 1905. Mat
; thew M. Codey. beloved husband of the late
| Ellen Codey, and dearly beloved father of
i Mrs. P.. J. Bettencourt. William P., Joseph
J. and the late Matthew Codey, a native of
Johnstown, County Kilkenny, Ireland. A
member of A. O. H. Division No. 1, B.
of K.
infErlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at '.• a. m., from the residence
of ills daughter, Mrs. B. J. Bettencourt, 23<x>
Union street, corner Stciner, thence to St.
Vincent de Paul's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
ot his soul, commencing at 0:30 o'clock. In
terment Holy Gross Cemetery.
COLSTETTE—In this city, January 9. 1005,
Louis Coustette, beloved husband of Useal
Coustette, loving father of Eugenic and Fer
dinand Coustette. brother of Mrs. Bauchou
and Mrs. Berges, and brother-in-law of
Bernard Bauchou and P. B. Berges, a na
/ tlve of France, aged 47 years 1 month and
[ 8 days. •
lt?"Notice of funeral hereafter.
CTJLLEN —In this city. January 9. 1905, Mac.
beloved wife of Thomas M. Cullen, beloved
daughter of Dennis and the late Bridget
Loran. and sister of John, Dennis. Nellie,
Charlie. Frank, Grade, Roy and the late
Florence Loran, a native of New York, aged
; 23 years 6 months and 5 days,
j CUMMENS—In this city. January 8. 1905, El
len Cummens, a native of Boston, Mass.,
aged 50 years.
(CTEriendß and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 a. m., from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate
avenue. Interment Cypiess Lawn Cemetery,
via the 11:30 a. m. train from Third and
Townsend streets depot.
DICKOW—In this city, January 8, 1903, Rob
ert Dickow, beloved son of Robert and Kate
Dickow, and brother of Henry. Mary and
William Dickow, a native of California, aged
9 years 5 months and 15 days.
FITZMAURICE—In this city. January 8, 1905,
John, beloved husband of the late Nellie
Fltzmaurice. and father of John Margaret,
David and Julia Fltzmaurice and Mrs F.
Kane, a native of County Mayo. Ireland,
aged 52 years. (Chicago papers please copy.)
IprThe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m., from his laae resi
dence. 716 Clementina street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 0 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FLYNN —In tits city, January 8, 1905. Joan
beloved husb'.nl of the late Catherine Flynn
and fatrer ct John and Timothy Flynn, Mrs!
Paul Schubert, Mrs. Will Rodgers. Mrs. M.
Montague and the late Mrs. Elizabeth
Scheppel. Mrs. Mary Fitzpatrick and Bart
lett Flynn. a native of County Sllgo, Ire
land, aged 75 years.
CFFrlenos and acquaintances are reepect
F. J. Monaban, Manager. Tel. Mission 31
MONAHAN & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
2339-2341 Mission St., near Nineteenth,
San Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAfr. JANUARY 10, 1905.
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes
day January 11, at 8:30 a. m., from the res
idence of his daughter. Mrs. Paul Schubert.
1280% Folsom street, thence to St. Joseph s
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com
mencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HAUB—In this city, January 9, 1906. Conrad
Haub, beloved son of Jacob and Elizabeth
Haub, and loving brother of Fred Haub,
Mrs. George Seipp and Mra Herman C. Ben
der, a native of Nelder Welsel, Heesen.
Darmstadt, Germany, aged 83 years 10
months and 18 days.
HYDE—In this city, January 9, 1905, at her
late residence. 612 Powell street. Julia, widow
of the late John Hyde, and mother of Mary,
John. Joseph and George Hyde and Mrs- J•
B. Mcßride, a native of County Cork, Ire
land. .
[CTNotlee of funeral hereafter.
JENNE —In this city. January 9, 1905, Jacob
Jenne, a native of Germany aged 60 years.
KEEGAN—In Oakland, Cal., January 8. 1905,
Margaret Keegan, widow of the late Timothy
Keegan .and aunt of N. J. Collins of 587
Twenty-fifth street, Oakland, a native of
Ireland, aged 75 years.
KELLY—At the residence of his parents.
1335 A Folsosn street, William E., only and
beloved son of P. T. and Ellen Kelly, and
dearly beloved brother of Helen. Margaret,
Elizabeth and Lettie Kelly and Mrs. F.
Klein, a native of San Francleco, aged 25
years.
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
KISSLING—In Oakland. Cal., January 9. 1906,
Israel Kissllng, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 80 years.
LENOX—In Oakland. Cal., January 8, 1905,
Edward Henry, beloved husband of Anna
P. Lenox, and father of J. X., D. H., E. P.
and Eleanor Lenox, a native of Lexington,
Ky., aged 77 years 10 mbnths and 19 days.
MCCARTHY—In this city, January 9. 1905,
Mary, beloved daughter of Thomas 11. and
Sophia McCarthy, and sister of Charles T.
and the late Lucy McCarthy, a native of
Contra Costa County.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from her
late residence, 241 Noe street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MCCARTHY—4n Oakland. Cal., January 9,
1905, James, beloved son of Daniel and Cath
erine McCarthy, and brother of Daniel, Wil
liam, George, Mary and Amelia McCarthy,
and the late J. J. McCarthy, a native of
Chicago, aged 32 years 11 months and 7
dajs.
McMANl'S—In this city, January 8, 19C5.
Francis, beloved son of H. A. and Catherine
E. McManus. and brother of Bella, Hugh.
Joseph. Maurice. John. Mary and Justin
McManu*. a native of Napa. Cal., aged 23
years 6 months and 24 days.
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), January 10, at 8:30 a. m., from
his late residence. 3215 Sixteenth street,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re
pose of his soul, commencing at 9a. m v In
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MONAGHAN—In this city. January 9. 1905,
Hugh, beloved husband of the late Cather
ine Monaghan, and father of Thomas and
the iate John. Joseph and William Mona
ghan. a native of Ireland, aged 80 years l .
|C7"Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Carew & English, 29 Van
Ness avenue.
MOSHER—In this city, January 8. 1905, An
nie Mosher. beloved mother of Frank Mosher,
a native of Boston, Mass., aged 60 years.
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 0:20 a. m., from the par
lors of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
MULLIGAN—In West Berkeley. Cal., January
'.». 1905, Mary, dearly beloved wife of Frann
Mulligan, and daughter of Patrick and Mary
Kenny, a native of Ireland, aged 26 yearß
9 months and 22 days.
O'KEEFE—in Vallejo. Cal., January 9, 1905.
?lary Elizabeth O'Keefe (nee Fahey), be
loved wife of I. H. O'Keefe. devoted mother
of Mrs. John T. Hayes and John F. O'Keefe,
graflwmother of Violet and Melville O'Keefe
and Mary Alice Hayes, and sister of Mrs.
Catherine Kerr of San Francisco, a native
of Parish Kilbacanty, County Gal way, Ire
land, aged OS years and 9 months.
IfFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday) morning, at 10 o'clock, from
her late residence. 333 Kentucky street,
thence to St. Vincent's Church, whtre a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul. Interment St.
Vincent's Cemetery.
SHE it 1 DAN—In this city. January 7. 1905,
Thomas P. H., beloved husband of Bridget
Sheridan, and father of Thomas F. and
Maggie Sheridan and Mrs. Kestnes and the
late Arriie Sheridan, a native of Ireland.
A menii.._r of San Francisco Lodge No. 68,
International Association of Machinists.
ICJ'The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 11 a. m.. from his late resi
dence. 575 Bryant street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SULLIVAN—In this city, January 8, 1905, Ab
bie, beloved wife of John Sullivan, a native
of Ireland.
and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 a. m., from her late resi
dence, 108 Shotwell meet, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a re
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WHITNEY—In this city. January 9, 190.,,
Charles H.. beloved husband of Mary Whit
ney, father of Charles H. and May Whitney,
and brother of Mrs. Ella W. Hinds, a native
of Calais, Maine, aged 40 years 1 month and
26 days.
CARD OF THANKS.
To our many friends and acquaintances,
as well as the members of the San Fran
cisco BchuetSen Ladies' Club and the St.
Paulus Frauen Vereln, we extend our heart
felt thanks for the kindness and sympathy
extended us in our recent bereavement.
M. JOOST and Family.
CARD OF THANKS.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Quadt and family desire
to thank their many friends and acquaint
ances for the kindness and sympathy ex
tended them In their recent bereavement.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
500 Goldfleld Mm. 7011500 Sylvanla 25
500 Goldfleld Mm. 711 500 Ton Belmont.. 71
1000 Gpidfleld Ton. 1011300 Ton Belmont.. 75
500 Hibcrnia 20! 3CO Ton Gold Mt. 15
37r." Jumbo Ex .. 22 100 Ton of Nev..ll 25
500 Jumbo Ex .. 2311000 Ton of Nev..ll 76
2000 MacNamara . 2s| 25 Ton of Nev..lo 75
300 MacNamara . 26 50 Ton of Nev..ll 00
200 Mont Ton .. .2 10|1500 Ton Midway.. 34
1400 Ton N Star... 2312000 Ton Midway.. 35
500 Ton N Star... 24[11C0 Verde 0t»
3500 Grig Bullfrog. 24 5t.0 Verde 07
15C0 Pennsylvania 10U7.'»0 Vernal 15
500 Ray & O' Brien 05|
Afternoon Session.
1000 Black Ants .. 101 100 North Star... 23
700 Bullfrog Mm. 6512100 North Star .. 24
1600 Bullfrog Mm. 67|1000 Orig Bullfrog. 25
500 Cent. Eureka.l 8012000 Qrig Bullfrog. 24
1000 Dixie 20|10O0-Orig Bullfrog. 23
2500 Gold Anchor. 2<> 1000 Pennsylvania 10
1100 Gold Anchor. 271 500 Ray A O'Brien 06
3000 Anchor. 29 ! 1500 Red Lion 08
3500 Goldfleld Dmd 121 1200 Rescue <0
500 Goldfleld Dmd 1112000 Rescue 05
600 Goldfleld Mm. 7ti| 150 Sandstorm ... 48
1500 Goldfleld Tn. 10] 400 Sandstorm ... 50
500 Goldfleld Ton. 11 500 Ton Belmont.. 73
1000 Jumbo Ex .. 23] 700 Ton Belmont.. 72
1500 Jumbo tiSi 1000 Ton Midway.. 34
1000 Lucky Tom... 05' 300 Ton Midway.. 83 I
350 Mont Ton ...2 0011000 Verde 06
200 Mont Ton ...1 951500 Vernal 15,
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District.
Bid.Ask Bid Ask.
Gold Anchor. 2C 27 Ton ft Cal — 16 |
Jim Butler .. 40 4r>|Ton Exten ..3 15 —
Little Ton... — 45: Ton Midway.. 34 3."!
MacNamara .27 291 Ton N Star... 23 24
Mont Ton ...1 90 1 95|Ton Ohio — 25
N T Ton Con 10 14ITon of Nev..lo 75 —
Rescue 06 07|West End ... 16 18
Ton Belmont.. 72 73|
Goldfleld District.
Adams 10 UlGoldfleld Mhk. 14 15
Black Ants .. — UlGoldfleld S Pit - 18
Black Butte.. 21 22lJumbo 66 —
Blue Bull M. — 25! Jumbo Ex ... 22 23
Booth 10 — [Kendall 23 28
Columbia 33 35|Pennsylvania — 09
Diamondfleld. 28 30] Red Top 15 16
Dixie Mln ... 19 —ISaiidstorm ... 50 —
Goldfleld Dmd 12 13! Vernal Mln ..15 16
Goldfleld Mln. 69 701
Other Districts.
Bullfrog Mln. 65 —!Ray & O'Brien — 08
Esperanza ... 01 f)2[Southwestern 60 —j
Lucky Tom .. — 05 Ton Gold Mt. 14 15 1
Orig Bullfrog. 23 25!
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran- \
cisco and Tonopal Mining Exchange yesterday: j
Morning Session.
3000 Austin G M. 3©i 600 MacNamara .. 28
100 Blue Bull M. 31 i 200 Mont Ton ...2 10
✓200 Blue Bull M. 3211000 Orig Bullfrog. 22
100 Blue Bull M. 3311000 Orig Bullfrog. 23 I
100 Blue Bull M. 34 1000 Orig Bullfrog. 21 I
100 Blue Bull M. 35 3200 Ton Belmont.. 73
500 Cent. Eureka.l 75 500 Ton Belmont.. 72,
1000 Jumbo • 621
Afternoon Session.
1000 Gldfld Bed L. 0612000 Paymaster ... 03 1
500 Jumbo 6514600 Rescue 06 ,
600 Mont Ton ...2 00(1600 Ton Belmont.. 73 •'
2000 Orig Bullfrog 2311550 Ton Midway.. 34 j
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Black Butte.. — 241 Lucky Tom ..04 17'
Blue Bull M. 29 30;MacNamara -.26 28 1
Bullfrog Mln. — flfliMont Ton ... —2 00
Columbia .... 40 —IN V T Con M .10 —
Diamondfleld. — 30|Orig Bullfrog. 22 24
Esperanza ... — 02! Paymaster ... — 04
Free Gold M. 14 IStPa GoldOeld.. — 10 '
Gold Anchor. — 35|Pine Grove ..10 — 1
Goldfleld 88l — 061 Red Top 16 16
Goldfleld Mln. — 711 Rescue — 9
Gldfld Red U 05 —i Roth well G M — 60
Goldfleld SPk — 18iSandstorm ... 48 —
Gold Mt Con. — 02lTon Belmont.. 72 73
Hazel Kirk .. — 12lTon Gold Mt. — 16
Jumbo 66 68ITon Midway.. 34 35
Jumbo Ex .. 21 —ITon of Nev..ll 00 —
Kendall 24 26|Ton N Star... 22 24
Little Ton .. — 40! Vernal Mln ..14 —
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
MONDAY, JAN. t.
Andrew Grass to Emma Grass, lot on 8 line
of Pacific avenue, 136:6 E of Polk street, E
22:7 by S 127:8%, quitclaim deed; 81.
City and County of San Francisco to John
A. Gretman, !ot on SE comer of Pacific and
Polk streets. E 30 by S 60; *—.
Edward D. Swift to C. H. Westphal Com
pany. Jot on N line of Fulton street, 102:6 W
of Gough, W 27:6 by N 137:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Union
Trust Company, lot on NW corner of Sutter
I and Gough streets, N 50 by W 137:6; $—.
j Same to William H. Nolan, lot on N line of
| Washington atreetw 137:6 E of Steiner. E 45
Iby N 127:8%; $—.^
Alonzo W. and May E. Frink to James S.
Webster, lot on NW corner of Golden Gate
avenue and Fillmore street, N 137:6 by W 80;
Helen C. Dixon to Ellen B. Copp. lot on 8
line of Fulton street. 87:6 W of Fillmore, W
25 by S &S:9; $10.
Albert T. and Horace C. Donnels to Ernest
A. and Annie E. Sturge. lot on NW corner of
Waller and Scott streets, N 25 by W 100:
$10.
Kobort B. (or Robert H.) Hochstadter to
Young A Swain Baking Company, lot on W
line of Dcvisudero street, 110:5% S of Geary,
S 27:0% by W 90, quitclaim deed; $2.
George H. Nelson to Elizabeth F. Nelson,
lot on W line of Dyon street, 75 S of Pine,
S 25 by W 87:0; $10.
Willium J. McKillop to Walter B. Hutshtng,
lot on E line of Ashburv street, 75 N of Wal-
N 25 by E 96; $12,000.
George W. and Ella Kline to William C.
Kramer, lot on N line of Waller street, 120 E
of Clayton, E 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Same to William A. Freeman, lot on S line
of Haight street, 90 E of Clayton, E 28:9 by
S 100; $10.
-Emma Rodeman to Wilhelm J. C. M. Merz.
NPt on S line of Haight street. 82:6 W of
Shrader, W 55 by S 137:6, quitclaim deed;
Annie H., Henry A. and Fred L. King to
H. W. Eisert, lot on N line of Clay street,
CS:9 E of Maple, E 28 by N 100; $10.
Estate of Ellen Lynch (by Margaret E.
Friedrichs. administratrix) to M. B. Griffin,
lot on E line of Collins street. 125 S of Point
Lobos avenue, S 25 by E 120, block B, Junlpero
Homestead; $1775.
Most Rev. Patrick W, Riordan to same,"
same, quitclaim deed; $5.
George A. Clough to Mary A. Tobin, lot on
E line of Valencia street, 210 S of Hermann, j
S 30 by E 167:6; $10.
James H. and Addie Kellv to F. Crothers
and George H. Williams, lot on W.llne of j
Nne street, 222 S of Nineteenth. S 25 by W 125: |
$10.
Charles Wilson to Anna A. Fee (wife Grant). I
lot on N line of Nineteenth street, 125 E of !
Castro. E 25 by N 75; $10.
John and Annie Walton to William T. and !
Frances A. Lewis. lot on E line of Mission ;
street. 80 N of Twenty-third. N 60 by B/
122:6; $10.
Laura M Wells to Susie H. Wells, to man- j
age property for lirst paiiv, on N line of ;
Eddy street. 187:6 W of Tavlor. W 25 by N |
137:6; also on NE line of Fourth street, 252:0 j
SE of Mission, NE 75 by BE 22:6, trust deed; i
$—■
Wlllicm D. and John J. Sullivan and Ed- |
ward and Mary Glbeau (Sullivan) to Daniel
Sullivan, lot on SE line or' Minna street, 215
SW of First. SW 23 by SE 80: $10.
Daniel Sullivan to E. R. Lilienthal. same;
$10.
Joseph Peers to same, lot on SE line of
Minna street, 238 SW of First. SW 23 by SE
SO: $10.
Perata M. (or Parata M.) Ghlgllazza to |
Nlcolo Ghigliezza. undivided half of lot on
BE line of Park Lane North. 320 NE of Third ;
street and 100 SE of Bryant, SE 97.0 by NE
22: $10. j
John J. Luchsinger et al. to George P. Rey
no!da and Forrest S. Rowley, lot on NW line I
or Mfnna street. SO SW of Eighth, NW 46:3,
NE :4%, BE 18:3, SW :5%, quitclaim deed; $1. I
Annie C. Edmonds to Jacob Wcissbein, lot I
on SW corner of Kightcnth avenue and Clement
street, s 208 by w i2o : $ie
James K. .-»nd Genevieve P. Lynch to John
Bennett, lot on W lin* of Thirtv-eichth avenue, ;
110:S S of A street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Henry Q. and Estelle Meyer to James H.
Ka v.inaph. lot en NW corner of Fifteenth j
avenue and C street, N 122:0. W 33:6, S 122, !
E 32; $10.
William M. and Ruth W. Gregory to Fer- 1
nando Net-on. lot on W line of First avenue, ;
225 N of C street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Estate of Emily E. Barstow (by George P.
Thurston and Warren Olney, executors) to |
Henry O. Meyer, lot on W corner of Fiftenth
avenue and C street. W 27:6 by S 100: al-w
lot on NW corner of Fiftenth avenue and C
street. N (22 0. W 83:6, B 122, E 32; $900.
Henry G. and Estelle Meyer to John Mc-
C.aw, lot on SW corner of Flf nth avenue and
C street. W 27:0 by S 100; $10.
J. Frank and,Marea Walters to Richard Bar
ker, lot on W tint of Forty-first avenue, 100 S
of H street. S 50 by W 120; also lot on W
line of Fony-flrst avenue. 100 N of I street, j
N 50 by W 120: $10.
. Berthold and Emma Hint-.-man to Mac G.
and Cordelia Burnham, lot on E line of
Twelfth avenue, 2CO S of H street. S 25 by |
E 120; $10.
Herbert and Sadie M. Deakyne to Louis H.
Peterson, lot on E line of Thirty-fourth ave
nue. 160 S of 1 street. S 50 by E 120; $10.
II and Jessie R. Petersen to American 1
Land and Trust Company, same: $10.
George V. Hin.l to Mary and Emma F.
Elliot, lot on W line of Forty-eighth avenue.
312:0. N of G street N 50. W 107:11%. SE I
60:0*4. B 106:5? i; $10.
Mathias an.l Iranette Meyer and Fannie
Rosenheim (Meyer) to Solomon Getz. lot en
NB • orner of Forty-eighth avenue and S street.
N 260 X 240. S 75. W 120. S 75, W 126, S 100,
w 107.08; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Mary J. Joslin.
lot on E line of Forty-eighth avenue, 100 N
of T street. N 25 by E 120 : $10. .
Charles E. Gregory to Phehc A. Hearst, lot
on SW corner of Fifteenth avenue and W
street. W 265, S 500, NE 20S. NE 265, N 210:0;
also block bounded by W line of X street and
Sixteenth and Seventeenth avenues; $10.
Phebe A. and William R. Hearst to E. L.
Priest, lot on SE corner of Fifteenth avenue
unci V street, S 000. B 38.5, NE. 637.76. N
99 84, W 255: also lot on SE corner of Fifteenth :
avenue and W street. S 52.21. NE 56.14, W 21:
also lot en SW corner of Fifteenth avenue and .
W street. W 255. S 590. NE 20S. NE 265. N
219:6; also block bounded by W line of X
street and Sixteenth and Seventeenth avenues; ;
$10. »
V. L and Emma L Priest to E. F. Card, i
same: $10.
C. F. Hanson to Frederick F. A- and Mary
Reietta. lot on SW line of Cotter street. 125
NW of Mission, NW 25 by SW 100. lot 84, ;
Academy Tract: $10.
Eliza C. Luddtngton to Frederick G. and
Charlotte Munxenmatar, lot en N line of Lobos ;
street, 225 W of Plymouth. W 50 by N 125, ,
lot 7. block P, Railroad Homestead Associa- t
tion:'slo.
Edward L. Zachary to Thomas M. Perm.
let on N line of Flood avenue. 275 W of Edna j
street. W 25 by N 112:6, lot 26, block 19. j
Sunr.yslde; $10.
Pacific Loan Association to James and Sarah •
J. B. Michael, lot on E line of Stanyan street, i
or. N of Seventeenth. N 35 by E 100. block 3. j
subdivision 1. Clarendon Heights; $10.
Edward D. Swift to Antone and Virginia
Bonzani. lot 2. block F, French and Gtlman
tracts: $10.
George and Kate Ryan to William C. Schnei
der, lot on SE line of Peralta street. 60:8%
NE of Tomassa. NE 29:1%. S 95:9%, NW
25:9 N 66:8%; also lot 2, block 2, Franconla;
Abe Rosensteln to S. Ducas Company, lot
on W line of Potrero street, 375 N of Thornton,
N 50 by W 100 lots 32 and 34, block P, Sil
ver Terrace; $10.
Peter and Mary Verso to P. J. and Annie
V Healy lot on SW line of Laldley street.
: 103-3 SE' of Grove (Thirtieth), SE 32, SW
j 146-10 NW 31. NE 148:10%. lot 134, block
22 Mission and Thirtieth Street Homestead
Union; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
I William Ede Company (owners) with Charles
Stockholm (contractor), architect William
Knowles—All work for a five-story brick
loft building with basement on NW line of
! Stevenson street. 300 NE of Seventh. NE 25
!by NW 75; $10,248. £ „ „
J D. Ruggles (owner) with M. C. and P. J.
j Lynch (contractors), architect Edward L.
Holmes—All work except plumbing and heat
ing for a two-story frame fresidence on W
line of Baker street 167:6 N of Vallejo. N
30 by W 104; $0566.
James F. Swift (owner) with B. K. Albert -
son (contractor and architect)— All evo-rk for
, alterations and additions to a two-story frame
building (flats) on E line of Guerrero street,
'60 S of Nineteenth, S 25 by E 90; $20C0.
Southern Pacific Company (owners) with
| Thomas Butler (contractor), architect John D.
! Isaacs—Brick work for fire protection wall
i around barrel bil tank on block 386. bounded
by Sixteenth, Kentucky. Seventeenth and Ten
nessee streets; $1480.
Solomon Lobensteln (owner) with Fred Titt
! (contractor and architect)— All work for a
I one and a half story frame cottage on Henry
! street, between Sanchez and Fourteenth: $2150.
Vincent D. Gray (owner) with F. Cross
i (contractor and architect) —All work for a one
and a half store frame building on W line of
Eleventh avenue. 150 N of A street, N 25 by
W 120: $2418.
: Edwin A. Green (owner) with Little Bros.
I (contractors), architect Charles J. Rousseau,—
All work except gas fixtures and shades for a
i two-story frame building (two fiats) on E
' line of Fair Oaks street, 235 N of Twenty
fifth, N 25 by E 128. H. A. block 30; $6000.
I -a-
DA SILVA'S TRIAL SET. —United States
; District Judge de Haven yesterday set the trial
lof Lee Toy and Hlppolyttus Amador Eca Da
| SUva for next Monday. They are charged with
! conspiring to Import Chinese women for unlaw.
[ ful purposes.
• • *
DAMAGED IN COLLISION.—Eugene Abra
hamson yesterday sued John Marcollo and the
United Railroads for $5220 damages for In
] Juries alleged to have been received on Octo
• her 8. when a Sutter street car collided with
1 MarcoJJe/s wagon at Grant avenue.
PLEA FOR BOY
OF THE SLUMS
Jacob A. Riis Says Environ
ments Are Responsible
for Making of the Tough
LECTURES AT ALHAMBRA
Sprightly Humor Enlivens
a Thoughtful Address on
Reforming Street Savage
Jacob A. Rlss gave his famous lec
ture, "Tony's Hardships," to an aud
ience that crowded the Alhambra last
night. He told of the making of the
"tough," how the environments of
the slums stifled moral sense and de
veloped the character of the hoodlum,
driving home his thrusts at society
for denying a chance to the boy of
good opportunity. There were fre
quent sallies of humor.
In battling with the environments ,
of tenements In thickly populated
streets and alleys, In Improving the
conditions to give the boy a chance,
lay the keynote, the speaker urged,
of any plan to reclaim a community
from the terrorism of the hoodlum
gang. Twenty-five years of earnest
work among the slums of New York
have taken out of Riis the folly of the
theorist.
The name of President Roosevelt
was frequently mentioned in telling
of his efforts while a Police Commis- I
sioner, in co-operation with the speak- j
er, in the war they carried on for the
light and air and health and better j
conditions In the tenement districts of
New York. Jacob Riis is very earnest
on the platform. He pleads with heart
afire "to let the boy play ball." He
says the lad is like a boiler and there
must be an exhaust valve. The boy
must let off steam in play, and when
the policeman drives him off the va- |
cant lot he becomes one of "the ;
gang," and seeks his joy and glory
and spice of danger in acts of hood- !
lumism. Playgrounds, good schools
and good homes are what Riis wants
for the boy.
WANTONNESS BORN.
Denied every advantage of life vir
tually was Tony and there was noth
ing in the institutions of society that
he had respect for. The lecturer de
scribed how the spirit of wantonness
was thus inculcated on every hand in
this boy, whom he caught in the act
of flinging mud at the stained Window
of a church. Even when he laid his
hand on Tony's shoulder the boy
started as if a policeman was on him.
for the thought could not enter his
mind that it was a friendly hand.
The speaker had small with
the' theory that heredity is a factor
of any consequence in the formation
of character. Environment is what
goes to the making of the b«V, he in
sisted. Here Riis told one o. his bf-st
stories. He said:
I dlreussed this question of heredity with
Grover Cleveland on one occasion. He dis
agreed with me and in Illustration of his point
end that he believed it was dv-? to character
inherit-d from his good New England ancestors
that prompted him. when a very small boy.
t.. n turn the egp that a neighbor's h?n had
I. ' in his father's yard.
jw my father and mother were very good, j
Ood fearing peopl", and I can remember how
I coaxed a neighbor's hen. by laying out a
trail of grain, to come over Into my father s
yard and lay the egg she was cackling about.
"There is not so much in heredity as
neoole think," declared the speaker,
"and thank God for that, because it
gives us a working doctrine to shape
things. It is the environment, the
drunken father, the want of a good
mother, the corrupting influences of the
tenement, in fact, an utter lack of any
and all opportunities to grow into good
manhood, that makes the savage of
the boy Tony."
BEWARE OF TENEMENTS.
The warning was sounded to San
Francisco to beware of the building of
tenement houses, some of which had
bfen erected, according to letters re
reived by the lecturer. "You will have
to pay a frightful interest in money,
In wasted manhood and bad citizen
ship," was the message of one who
knows the depths of the tenement evil
of New York. He said:
In the kindergarten problem there are two
pillars of truth that must be observed. First,
play is normal occupation in which the
chlid first receives knowledge of moral rela
tions: second, the child learns by doing things.
There must be ample playgrounds and in doing
things he must come in contact with the good
things of iife. But every little plot of ground
that a municipality possesses is usually fenced
off and a big sign reads "Keep off the grass.
It looks as if the nation were a worshipper of
grass.
Riis argued that it would be far bet
ter to let the children have these
grounds for their play.
For the most part the parents of the
little savage of the streets are of for
eign birth. Tony comes to regard his
father as "Dutch and slow." He loses
the respect for paternal authority. He
grows up without moral sense, without
character, and the authorities in the
reformatories will invariably say that
it is this weakness, and not wicked
ness, that ails the boys.
GOD'S IMAGE THERE.
"But," said the lecturer, "the Image
of God could always be found where
the face had been crusted over with
the slums." There was abundant hope
for the urchin of Tony's class. The
speaker related the story of the arrest
of the "Kid," one of the most hardened
characters of darkest New York.
While being marched to prison between
two policemen, it remained for the
"Kid" to risk his life to save a child
from being run over by a car. The
spark was there that should have been
kindled when the now desperate crim
inal was a boy.
"Fighting Mary" was one of the sad
dest productions of the New York
slums, yet when she was caught se
creting food at a charity dinner for the
poor her confession was that her moth
er was starving at home. Here, as well,
was the wisp of a flame that might
have been fanned into good woman
hood.
Reformation of the landlord, the
kindergarten school, the settlement,
and, most important of all in the
speaker's estimation, the boys' club,
were the principal lines of effort to fol
low in the making of a better boy of
Tony. The boys' club is Intended to
head off the reformatories, not by
teaching the three R's alone, but the
three H's as well —the heart, head and
hand. It must be guided by the three
S's —sense, sympathy and sanity—and
when its fruits shall become manifest
there will be less disposition to follow
the political boss and a great upbuild
ing in good citizenship.
The entertaining and instructive lec
ture was frequently interrupted by ap
plause, and it was evident that Jacob
A. Riis held a warm place in the hearts
of his auditors. He was Introduced by
Fairfax H. Wheelan as "our brother."
and the sentiment waa given more
than warm approval.
To-morrow evening Mr. Riis will lec
ture at the Y. M. C. A. auditorium on
"A Vacation in Denmark." It will be
illustrated by stereopticon views and
£iven for the benefit of the building
fund of the Danish Lutheran Church
of this city. The lecture will begin at
FLOODS CAUSE
BIG WASHOUTS
Tracks Swept Away and the
Bridges Carried Off in the
Southern Part of State
ENORMOUS CLOUDBURSTS
Downpour Cripples Railroad
Traffic and Hundreds Are
Rushed to Repair Damage
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 9.—Terrific
cloudbursts in San Gorgonio x>ss this
afternoon caused what are believed to
be the most extensive washouts ever
known on the western division of the
Southern Pacific Railroad. For fifteen
miles between Banning and El Casco
the roadbed is damaged, and at Hinda
there is a gap of 600 feet. The bank
has been torn away. Telegraph wires
are down.
Three inches of rain fell in the pass
in an hour and a steady downpour
continued the remainder of the day,
sending raging rivers upon the rail
read.
Superintendent Ingram has gone
from here with a special train bearing
250 men with ties and bridge material.
It is reported that 200 went from
Florence and Colton. Three hridges
are washed away and thousands of
feet of roadbed have been ripped up.
and repair work will require much
time.
At Mecca water is rushing three feet
dt-ep over the rails.
Mayor Carter Harrison and party of
Chicago are stalled at Indio, where a
number of trains are held.
Up to 5 o'clock this evening .80 of an
inch of rain had fallen in Los Angeles
during the past twenty-four hours.
RIVERSIDE, Jan. 9.—Several hun
dred yards of Southern Pacific track
are washed out at Beaumont, in this
county, and the railroad has canceled
all trains east.
Riverside experienced to-day the
heaviest rain of the past six years,
2.02 inches, falling up to 4 o'clock.
SA*X DIEGO, Jan. 9.—The rain
which began to fall early this morning
continued at intervals during the day.
The total fall up "0 5 p. m. was 1:01
inches in the city.
SAN BERNARDINO, Jan. 9.—The
heaviest storm in years came upon
this section last night, lasting well in
to this afternoon, when the total
precipitation in San Bernardino was
1.80 inches.
SANTA BARBARA. Jan. 9.—A
light rain which fell steadily for ten
hours was followed by a heavier fall
to-night. Between 5 this morning and
9 o'clock to-night about an inch had
fallen.
FORECLOSURE SUIT FILED. —The Capitol
National Bank of Denver. Colo., filed a suit
yesterday in the United States Circuit Court
against Henrietta Teresa Speddy, Thomas H.
Bpeddy and others to foreclose a mortgage on
land in Napa County, security for a $15,000
note.
• WOMAN THIEF GE S SIX MONTHS.—Ida
Nelson, who is charged with grand larceny,
but who pleaded guilty to petty larceny In
Judge Dunne's court, was sentenced to scree
six months in the County Jail. She stole $19
end a gold ring from Carl H. A. Koos of 6
Washington street on November 17.
CROCKER DISTRIBUTION.—A distribution
or $16,500 each to Clara Ellen Crocker and
Charles H. Crocker from the half-million dol
lar estate of, the late Henry S. Crocker was
ordered made yesterday by Judge Coffey. The
estate has no debts and this represents an
amount of cash on hand.
LOSES ARM UNDER TRAIN WHEELS.—
WiDlam Taylor of 2943 Sixteenth street lost his
right arm yesterday by being run over by a
freight train at Twenty-fifth and Bartlett
streets. The trainmen say Taylor was stealing
a ride wh°n the accident happened. He was
taken to the City and County Hospital for
treatment. #
YOUTH WANTIJD FOR BURGLARY.—
Alameda, Jan. 9.—Edwin Sheehy. 10 years
old, who came here recently with his parents,
was arrested by the local police on a warrant
from Petaluma. where the lad is wanted for
burglary. Sheehy was taken to Petaluma to
day to stand trial. It is alleged that the boy,
with several companions, robbed a Petaluma
store.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. January 0.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Alberts, 02 hours from San
Pedro.
SAILED.
Monday, January 9.
Stmr Coronado. Lindquist, Grays Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORTS. .
EUREKA—Arrived Jan 9—Stmr Eureka,
hence Jan 8.
ABERDEEN—Arrived Jan 9 —Stmr W. H.
Kruger. hence Jan 5; schr Carrier Dove, from
San Pedro.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
CHERBOURG —Arrived Jan 9—Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm der Grosse, from New York, via Ply
mouth for Bremen, and proceeded.
GIBRALTAR—SaiIed Jan 10—Stmr King
Albert, from Genoa and Naples, for New York.
8 o'clock. The admission will be 50
cents and 75 cents for reserved seats.
Mr. Riis will be the guest of the
Commonwealth Club at a dinner at the
Palace Hotel, Saturday evening, at 6:30
o'clock^
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
■CHICAGO T |N 3 DAYS I
| LEAVES OAiLY AT9'3OA M |
U WITH piNtRSAMDSLEEPtRSM
Other Santa T» Trains!
7:30 a. m. ]
9:30 a. m. \ For Stockton Fresno, Bakersfield,
8:00 p. m. J Merced, Hanford and Vlsalia.
4:00 p.m. For Stockton.
8:00 p. m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices—64l Market at. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak*
land. Cal.: also 27 South Ist, San Jose.
ROSS VALLEY, '
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sanaalito Ferry
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD OAUGE.
» Depart from San Francisco, daily, at t7 - 0A
7:45. 8:25. 9:10, 9:50, 11:00 a. m.; 12:20, ll*-,
8:16. 4:35. 5:15. 5:50. 6:30. 7:15. 10:15 and
11:35 p. m. ;
Arrive at San Francisco dally, at t6 40
7"35. 8:15. 8:50. 9:35. 10:50 a. m.; 12:10 1 : 30*
2:56. 4:26. 5:05. 5:42. 6:22. 6:57. 7:40 and u'!as
p. m.
tDally except Sunday.
For Fairfax daily, at 7:45 a. m.; also Satur
days at 3:15 p. m., and daily except Saturday
and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:46 a. m. daily—Caxadero and way station*
3:15 p. m.. Saturdaya only—For Caxadero.
etc.
5:15 p. m. daily, except Saturday and Sun
day, for Tomales, etc.
TICKET OFFICE—6SO Market at.
FERRY—Union Depot, foot of Market at.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
TMiaa a*4l **• «»•
FRANCISCO.
Virf^ 6/ r, °" Ocroaaa » t»Oa.
Fasirr Dimt
XjS (Toot of Market Streea >
leave - MAIN LINE. -A«rm
7.00 a Vacavtile, Winter*. llum*ey 7-60*
7 00a Benin*. Elmir*and Sacramento.. 7-20*
7.30 A Tallejo. Napa. Callatoga, Seat*
Rosa. Martinez. San Rumen 0-20*
7 50a NtleaTrary, Lethrop, Stockton.... 7.20w
8 00a Shasta Kxpree* — (Vl* Devi*).
William*. Willows, tFruto, Ked
Bluff. Portland. Tacoma Seattle 7-BGw
• 00a DaviaWoodiar.d. Koigbta Landing.
Maryevllle. OroTllie f-oom
•■3oa Martinet. Aavloch Byron. Tracy.
Stockton, Newman. Lo* Banofc
Mend it*. Arm on*. Hanford,
7l*alla Fortervilie ... *.Za»
8 30a Port Cotta. Modeito. Merced.
Fresno. Goalion ,laaction. Hen-
ford. Vlsalia, Bakeriflcld ~. ... s-www
• 30a Nile*. B*ll .Tom. Liver-more. Stock
ton. (tMtlteo), lone. Sacramento.
MaryiTllle. Chlco. Bed Bluff .... *
8.50 a Oakdaie. Chia»«e. Jameetown. 80- .„_
nor*. Taolumoe and A ngel* a »n»
8 00a Atlantic Express—Ogden »nd R*M. ■
8 30a Richmond, Martinez and Way
Station* .•- 9
10-OOATbe Overland Limited — «»gdea.
Omah*. Chicago. Denver, Kansa*
. „ City, St. Loula - t* Ma
18.00 a Va11ej0...,. IZW*
10.00 a Lo* Anrcle* Passenger — Fort
Oeeta Martinez, Byron. Tracy.
Lsthrop. Stockton, Merced,
Raymond. Freano. Ooeken Junc
tion. Hanford, Lemoore, Vlsalia _ nftm
Bakertfleld. Lo* Angeles xonm
12.00 m Hayward. Nile* and Way Station* .-J-SJJi
t14)0i» Sucmmento River Steamer*
S-50P Benicia Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knight* Leading,
Maryavllle, Orovllle and way
station* 19-.°»
•JOS' H»/w*rd. Nile* and Way Station*.. 7.*OS>
•A9p Port Costa. M»rttoez, Byron,! racy. /
Latbrop, Stockton, Modesto.
Merced, Berenda, Fre*ne and
Way Stations beyond Port. Cost*. 12-ZO*
440s>Mart1nez.SanKnmc<i.Vallejo,Naps.
Callntoga. Santa Rota .l is*
4-OOp Nile*, Tracy. Stockton 10 20a
4 Jop Hayward. Kile*. Ir.-Ington, Seat t8 60*
Jo*e. LI Term ore I 111.60 a
BBOPTne Owl Limited—Newman, Los
Beno*. Meadota. Freiao, Tulare,
Bakers!)eld. Los Angeles. — • 60a
ff 30p Hayward, Nile* and San Joea 7.20%
: .OOP Hayward. Nile* and San Joee I Bit*
OOP Eastern Exereee-Omaba. Chicago,
Denver. Kansas City, St. Loata,
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento.
Colfax. Reno. Spark?. MooteUa.
Ogdea...., v If.Bßw
•.OOP Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... I 7c M
7410* Vallejo, Sunday only f --—
7OOP Klcbmond. Ban Fablo, Port Costa,
Martinez and Way Station* 11.208
74tP Beno Passenger—Fort Coma. Be
nicia, Bulsun, Elmlra Dtxoa,
Darts. Sacramento, Sparks. Toa»
pah, Keeler and W»y Stations... 7MB
MBP Oregon * California Kxpre**—Bae>
ram en to, Mary»Tll!e, Bedding. .
Portland. Pnget Sooad and Bast. ••50a
4.18P Hayward. N<le* and Ban Jose (Sun
day only) . 11-608,
COAST "LTN E <.larn>w Yang*).
(Foot ef Market Street.) ,
8.16 A New»r k7~ CentertUls. Bas Joae,
Feitoa. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Statlore S-BBP
■».IBp Newark. Centervllle, Baa Joaa,
New Almsden, Lo* GatoaFeltoa.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cm* sad
Principal Way Station* 110 58a
Alsp Newark. Ban Jose. Los Gato*... \ i1 t 8."65A
O8 30P Hunters' Train (Saturday enly>—
San Jo*e and Way Station* 17.26 a
COAST LINE (Broad Usage).
tW~ (Third and Towtisend Street*.)
?.10a San Jose »dJ~W»t Statlona 8 50*
00a Ban Joie and Way Station* B 40*
• 00a New Almsden (Tue*., Frld.. only). 410*
S.COAThe Coaster—San Joee, Saline*.
Ban Ardo, Paso Koblea, Santa
Margarita. San Lul* Obiipa,
Guadalupe, (iaviota, Santa Bar*
Vara. Ban Buenaventura Mon
te! vo. Oxnard, Burbank, Lea
Anpeles 18-SBa
BBOaOllroy. Holllater, Castrovliie, Del
Monte, Faclilc Grove, fturf, Lonv
poc 1030*
8. CO a San Jose. Tre* Pino*.Wat*ouvl!ie,
Capltola. Santa Crux, Paclflo
Grove. Salinas. San Lul* ObUpo
and Principal Way Stations. 4.10»
10-30 A San Jo*e and Way Station* 120*
11 30a San .lute aud Way Btntlona 7-30p
i l&p San Joee and Way Suvtiona 8 38*
XOP Del Monte Kxpre**—Santa Clara.
_/ Ban Joee, W a tso n v 11 le. Santa
Cruz, Del Monte. Monterey,
Faciac Grove 12-18*
f23.00 P Los Be toe, Wrlcht, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge tIOABA
5 30P Valencia St., South San Francltco,
Burllngame, Sun Jose, GUroy.
Hoi lliter. Tree Pino* 10 45a
4-30pS*u Jose *nd Way Station* +n lift*
fUtf Santa Clara, San Joee. Lo* Gatoe,
and principal Way Station* (ex- ■ ' -
cept Sandny) tB-80A
|§ 30p b*n.Ju»»aniiPrincip*iWayStaeion* <8 40a
5 48p fcuc»ct Fxpres*.—Redwood. San
Jose,Gt;roy,Sallna*,Paao Koblea
Baa Lul* üblspo, Santa Barbara
Lo* Aagele*. Demlng. Xl P**o,
et.Louis. New Orleans, New York B.loa
8-46PP*J*ro, Watsonvllle, Capltola
;it* Cruz. CaatroTllla, Del
Moste, Pectflc. GroTe 10.30 a
18-16? **b Mateo.Kercßford.Belmont.Ran
Car'o*.. Reilwood. Fair Oaka
MeslOPark. Palo Alto 18 48*
6 sflp San Jo*e and Way Station*. „ " 8-3Ca
8-00pPalo Alto and Way Station* 10-16*
11 .30p South SanFranclseo. Millbrae. Bur
llngame, San Mateo, Belmont,
Ban Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto tB 46*
all 10P Maylield, Mountain View, Sunny
vsle, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
San Jo»e tB-48t
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
IBeaday excepted. t Sunday only.
« Saturday only. b Monday aas*>
4bioP» at all stations on Sunday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburon Ferry, root of Market Streak.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS—7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:.i6.
3:30. 5:10. 6.30 p. m. Thursdays—Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 1:60 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS—B:OO. 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5-00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FBANCISCO.
WEEK DAI'S—«:OS, 7:35, 7:50, 9:20, 11.15,
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40, 6:00. 6:20 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 2:06 and 6:38 p. m.
SUNDAYS—B:OO, 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:06, 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. | Oct. 2. 1904. f San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Deatina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I tion. (days. | Daya
7:30 a 8:00 a , 9:10 al 8:40 a
9:80 a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3-30 p 6:06 p 8:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p
7.3" a 1 9:10 a 8:40 a
8 :00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 v
•6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a '' 10:40 el 10:20 a
8:00 a Fultcn. 7:35 p 6:20 p
8:30 p 3:30 p j
Windaor. I
7:80 a 8:00 a Healdsburg, 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:80 al 8:00 al Hopland jloTlO a!10:20~a
B:3op|3:3op| and Uklah. [7:35p|6:20p
' j J WIIIIU and j I
T:3O a[B:ooa| Sherwood. | 7:38 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a] 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:80 pf 8:30 p( Qnerneville. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:3oa| 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. I 6:06 p| 620 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 alioT2o a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebaatopol. | 7:36 p| 6 :20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin- at Panta Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone
vllle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle Carls
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
SDrings and Lake County Hot Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Spring?
UDoer Lake, Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's
Riverside. Lierly'j. Bucknell's. Sanhedrlrt
Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs. Halfway
Houae. Comptche. Hcpkins, Mendocino City
Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal; at Willi's for
Fort Bragg. Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cummlngs,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Hubbard, Fruitland.
Dyer, Garberville, Camp 5, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re
duced rates.
Or. Sunday—Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen Pass AgL
Mt. Tamalpais Ra i lw a y
"It.Stsfnuuaao j _jlt.Saaftaaci**e~"*
fkTDajs Sccdajt" Snadayi WtrPays*
9:50 a j® : oo 2: *"' * I *:»5P
i:4sp 1:45 pl _6:33p '~~67ii"p
"gatardej- 4:35r Saturday- 11-12?*
•Via GrtTitr Oar V MtTaaulpajj toMillTauas
* ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
OiriUß } and Sausauto Kkjuiy, Foot Market St,
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year. .COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
•New York Stocks higher. Cotton lower,
-lurked activity in local Gas and Sugar Stocks.
Mining Slacks lower, with heavy selling.
Silver and Sterling Exchange slightly lower.
"Rain checks the advancing tendency in Wheat.
Cash Barley steady and Futures higher.
--■ Government opens bids for Oats and Hay.
Beans and Feedstuff's as previously quoted.
River Potatoes easier under heavy receipts. Onio-ns weak.
Poultry and Game steady and unchanged.
Fresh Fruits dull, owing to unfavorable weather.
Dried Peaches higher again. Nuts and Raisins quiet.
Provisions still inactive and without feature.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
THE OOFFEE SITUATION.
Position of the Staple and Its
Outlook.
The New York circular of Henry Nordllnger
. A Co. says:
"As to the prospective position of Coffee
as a result of the movement during the next
six months, the last six months of the crop
...year. While the port stocsk in the United
: States are unuaually large. It is well known
.■ that, the interior cities (barring one or two
which have of late begun to buy more freely)
.are very poorly supplied and we do not think
• we lean to exaggeration In our estimate that
. the Interior cities of the United States as a
whole carry at present three quarters of a
■•■ million to a,million bags less Coffee than they
bave uaually been carrying heretofore. From
t«rope we receive similar reports, but the
;;o*itioa in Europe Is even worse in this re
»peot, that their port stocks are about one and
:'. a half million bags less and their Interior
. f locks from one to one and a half million
rags less than they were a year ago. We
.. have, therefore, very good reasons to look for
;an improved consumptive demand and while
.• We put the deliveries for the next six months
•.at only 7,800,000 bags, we expect them to
• reach fully eight million bags.
• "Although we start the second half of the
■.crop year with a visible supply of about the
. rime extent as a year ago, we must remark
tnat on October 1 last the world's visible sup
ply was about 500,000 bags in excess of what
• it-was on October 1 the year before. This aa
. cess has since been wiped out. The ae
•■c.reaa* In existing stocks will no doubt con
tinue- and we expect same to become acute
'.Juring this and the following months. The
. receipts during that time at Rio and Santos,
is well .as those of mild sorts, will be con
• eic'eraMy less than came forward in previous
years and the deliveries from ]«>rt stocks on
•the other hand are sure to show an unusual
• expansion due to the depletion of stocks in
et distributing centers in this country as
/Will as those of Europe. From these ex
pected increases in the deliveries we exclude
."•tin? month of January, during which the de
liveries last year reached unusual proportions,
;du<» to belated purchases by interior merchants,
■ conditions which prevailed at thnt time having
. been similar to those existing at present.
"European houses with hardly an excep
tion, believe that the current Rio and Santos
crop will be In the neighborhood of ten mil
lion bags and their belief is not an unreason
•■ able one In view of the quantity received so
tar. Had we not followed the causes of the
.movement so closely as we did, we would most
'likely agree with our European friends. On
the basis, however, of information received
"by us from most reliable and disinterested cor
; respondents In Brazil, we are willing to go
•in record' that the present crop will not be
. more than about nine and a half million bags,
-and may turn out to be quite some less.
"MiH Coffees, the bulk of which usually
o<>fr>e forward during the months of March.
'•April and May. and of which last year a sur
i i.i burly end exceptionally heavy movement
Vat encountered for trie whole period of the
."sis ninths from January to June, will show
,;in? off as compared with last year to the
exten.l of about one and a half million bags.
■ Reports from Venezuela. Colombia. Costa Rica.
Nicaragua. Salvador, Porto Rico and Haytl
are all to the one effect, that a very small
.-cop has been grown and we calculate the
.fallimt oft" m the receipts from those coun
tries In the aggregate at fully 40 per cent.
. On. the other hand. (Guatemala and Mexico
' lv« : • nt favorable reports and their crops will
ibt show seme Increase over last year."
.' Internal Revenue Collections.
The collections of Internal revenue in the
-."Pan Francisco district for the month of De
cember, compared with these of December,
1003, were aa follows:
'• On— 1903. 1904.
. $21,536 86 $346 97
Beer 62.993 75 63.208 00
.Fruit" spirits 27,633 43 43 275 54
=Grain spirits 95,954 21 106,734 21
Evr-ru 33 80 23 85
.'lgars and cigarettes 27 598 35 25,387 95
".Pnuff 39 65 13 SO
Tobacco 1,598 64 1.763 43
.'Special taxes 5,161 19 4,506 90
jTlaying cards 102 22 57 12
Documentary stamps l 00 1 25
Tottii $242,653 10 $245,318 72
• The fViewing Is a comparative statement of
the monthly collections for the past two cal
endar years:
January $207,861 34 $235,834 93
February 182.489 55 221,58816
March 208 728 22 256.949 26
A/Xt! 28 271,683 19
May 198.688 68 246.041 92
. June 227,586 11 272,020 31
"Jary 425.321 02 449,012 77
"August 194.643 24 234.116 99
September 233,013 27 253.822 17
.October 248,941 36 255,108 63
November 222,927 28 240.607 08
•December 242.653 10 243.318 72
Totals $2796,597 40 $3,182,104 05
The collection* for 1904 show an increase of
$885,606 66 over 1903. The total collections for
!W2 were $2,892,760 27.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. P.—Close: Money on call
" Steady 2%*S>3 per cent; olcslng, 2 per cent;
offered, 2% per oent.
' Time loans—Very easy. Sixty days 2% per
cent; ninety days, 3 per cent; six months 30
3.% per cent.
■ Prime mercantile paper— per cent
-. Sterling exchange—strong, with actual busi
ness In bankers' bills at $4.974#4 8745 for de
mand and at $4 85 for sixty day bills
. ' Posted rntes—s4 85%i5>4 88.
•Commercial bills—s4 84%.
. Bar silver—6o%c.
Mexican dollars—47%c.
Bonds—Governments, steady; railroads ir
regular.
New York Stock Market.
;.:NEW YORK, Jan. 9.—The second week of
. Jhe new year in the stock market started off
with some animation and brisk advances were
scored pretty generally. But the start proved
i. Ta o ls'e one, like that of the first week of
'rhe year and Interest had almost completely
died out by the afternoon. It was apparent
that the movement represented very largely
■ a trial of speculative sentiment In professional
•Derations. Lust week the hnlt and the re
action In the market were attributed In a con
tsileraf.ie degree to the Influence of the threat
of - legislation to regulate corporations. The
lsfbrer.ee of the professional traders that the
sellers of last week on this account would turn
• Buyers on the new situation wps general, but
Proved to be 111-founded. The bank statement
of last Saturday was little regarded. Loans
for sixty days could be had for below 3 per
o/-nt to-day. Th« operations for further cx
tenslve gold imports this week were also de
prived of much of their effect by this con
dition of the local money market. With dis
counts advancing In London and the pros
pect of some further largo loan Issues In
that market the movement of capital to that
center lr. ; m here with money at the present
■ unrenttineratlva ratot Is not to be wondered
a - ;. The routine news cf the day continued
•favorable to values. Railroad traffic officials
erraln reported the freight maximum limited
only by the ability of the railroads to carry
what was offered, while heavy car shortages
tend to congest what cannot be promptly
carried. The morning's upward movement waa
fairly general, as was the afternoon reaction,
ajany of the morning's gains were wiped out
.1 4he afternoon and the closing was dull and
•J^ak.
'"There wis a quieter mark»t for bonds and
<.c price movement was Irregular. Total sales
*«r value, $4,385,000. '
United States 3s (coupon) advanced % and
new 4s % on call.
New York Stock List.
..JC. F. Hutton ft Co.. 490 California street
.•ten Francisco, members of the New York
■sock Exchange, furnish the following official
VJOtatlons Q f that Exchange:
Bales. | STOCKS.
lAdams Express
41,800|Amala Copp»» ..
Ask.
I Am Can Co | 1 i 11 i 11%
! I Do pfd | ! I 63
, 1 2W,Ani Car & Fy Co; ML**, 33 , 33%| 33%
40Oj Do pld I 1*4%i 94 ) 9**i «j
70o,Am Cotton OH..1 S5-*, 34% ; 30 , 8ft%
I Do pfd I ( j i»5 j Ui
|Am Dist Tel [ , 38 ; 39
j Am Express ....j I j212 ,210
2ut);Am t+r twins Co, 12%, 12-$, 12%| 13%
20O,Am Hide L...! 10%| 10%j 9% ; 10%
300! I>o pfd i 46 ,46 , 45%; 46
3ov,Am«rican Ke ... U%| 6% 6%
I Do pfd j j i 36%, 37%
. 24V.Am Linseed i 15%i 15%. 15fc| 16%
i Do Pfd I ! | 37 | 41
JJOOjAm Locomotive, i 35%, 33 j 35 , 35%
5w, Do pid 1104% 104 |104%jl06
4W;Am Malt I 7%i 7 7 7%
600] Do pid i 2ti%| 26%| 26 | 26%
l.SuOjAm SmftRf Co.| 81 | 79%i S0% ; SI
I Do pfd [ [ |H2 |U3
0,2w Am Sugar ;143 ,140%;14o% .141%
I | Do pfd 1 | ;137 |139
i 100 Am Tel 4 T Co.jl46 |146 jl46 1141
! Am Tob pfd 1 j 93%| 03%
30O,Am Woolen 1 22 i 21%. 22 22%
! • Do pfd ! | j 93 94
I 800, Anaconda |107% 106 |106 |107%
I ;Ann Arbor j j j 31 i 35
j I Do pfd 62 ! 67
7.900 A T & S F j 87%, 66% j 87 | 87%
7001 Do pfd ;101% 100% 101 101%
17.2<>i Bait & Ohio. .. ..106%,104% 104% (104%
1 | Do pfd | j 95% I 96%
' i Bay State Gas.. % %
IB R T....: 61 59%| 59% 60
• IBrook TJn Gas... ;203 |210
400,Bruns D & I... 11% 11%! 11 j 11%
Butterick Co | 60 63
I !Canada Southern] | 66% j 69
3,100.Canadian Pacific,132%jl32%;132% 132%
i ,l,800jC ft O I 48% j 48 j 48 48%
I 400.0 & A ! 42% 42%! 42 42%
I Do pfd 80 83
i |C & E I pfd 130 145
; IC I & L 60 80
| Do pfd 70 85
2,900 C & G W 22% 22% 22'- 22 ',
I Do pfd A j 66% 68
100l Do pfd B | 35% 35% 35 35%
! Do deba i 86 88%
| !C ft N W I 1206 '208
• 8,700jC M & St P 473 il72 ttl% 172
; Do pfd !182 187
! 12.90O;C RI&P(new)|37 136% 38V4 36%
I I Do pfd 1 1 82 82%
I i Do 4s j j 81% 82
800 Chicago Term .A 10 9% 9% 9%
1.000| Do pfd I 19% ( 19% 19% I 19%
[Chicago Un Trac! I :>•„ 10%
| Dp pfd . 42
100 C C C ft St L ..| 91 91 87% 89%
Do pfd | 115 1120
Cleve Lor ft W 71 I 80
Do pfd 102% 110
lOolo Fuel ft Ironl 47 46 46% 40%
I Do pfd 89
300'Oolum H C ft I.j 16%' 16% 16% 16%
500;Colorado So '■ 22% 22% 21D. 23
500 Do 1st. pfd ... 61%! 61 61 j 61 %
30Ol Do 2d pfd 30 ! 36 36 37
4.800|Con«ol Gas ' 188%f 104% (186 'l»**
200:Con Tob pfd .... 129%' 129% 1129 |129%
Corn Products ..! | I 20% 21
Do pfd !••.•••! 77%! 78
l.OOOlDel & Hudson . .' 185% 184% !l84 '185%
10OID L ft W ,342 '342 ' 340 ]343
lOO'D At R G j 36 36%
500 D:> pfd * 86%f 86 I 86 86%
Des M & Ft D..! A 23 26
200jDetroit Cn Ry.. 78 ! 7« 77%! 78%
800!Detroit So 6%l 6% 6%| 7
300 Do pfd 31% 31% 32 33%
j Diamond Match ' 137 138
900;Distil Secur .... 37% 37% 37% 38
Do bonds I..... 79 I 79 %
Duluth. S S ft A I 12 I 12%
2001 Do pfd 25%! 25% 25% 26%
14.2<>o;Erie 40% 39% 30% 40
6.5001 Do 1st pfd ... 78% 77%I 77% 80
3,500 Do 2d pfd 62 61 61 61%
E ft T H 67 69
Do pfd 83 88
Ft W ft D C 42 45
Gen Chemical 60 65
Do pfd 100% 102%
l,200JGen Electric .. 187% 180% 180% 187%
iGreat No pfd 136 142
Green Cons Cop 25 25%
Havana Tob Co 31 33
Do pfd 40 43
Hocking Val 90% 91
Do pfd 93% 94
17,900!Illinois Central 159% 156% l.V-% 158%
200llnter Paper ... 22 '22 | 21%! 22
100! Do pfd 76%] 76%I 76%) 77
I Inter Power 66% 67
I Inter Pump 37% 38%
Do pfd 86 88
100 Iowa Central .. 30% 30% 30 31%
100 Do pfd I 55% 65% ( 55% 56%
I Kanawha ft Mch 36 39
KC FtS ft Mpfd 82% 82%
700!Kans City So .. 28%! 28 28 28%
1.400 Do pfd 63% I 53 63 53%
Keokuk ft Des M j 13 17
Laclede Gas 95 105
Do pfd 90 106
200 Lake E ft West 36 36 35 37
Do pfd 93 100
Long Island ) 57 63
3,800iLouis ft Nash... 140%fl39% 139% 139%
8,200!Manhattan 169% [166% 167% 168
I Manhattan Beach I 9% 11
7.500| Metropolitan Sec 74%! 73 i 73% 74
13.6001 Met St Ry 115%!114% 114% 114%
27.300!Mexlcan Central. 24% 23% 23% 24
Minn ft St L 60 64
Do 1st pfd 88 92
M, St P ft S S M 89% 90
Do pfd 146% 148
8,100 Mo. Kan ft Tex. 32 31% 31 32
4.700 Do pfd 63% 62% 62 62%
82,100 Missouri Pacific. 107 106% 106% 106
100'Naah, C ft St L. 140 140 140 148
OOOj'Natlcnal Lead... 25% 25 24% 25
100 Do pfd 98% 98% 92% 08%
13,40O|Ntl R R Mex pfd 47% 47%
100 National Biscuit. 55% 55% 56 55%
I Do pfd 115 115%
900 New Jersey On. 194 193%]193' 194
IN Y Air Brake 155 159
2,200|New York Cen.. 144% 143% 143% 144
N Y, C A St L 42 44
Do 1st pfd 110 120
100 Do 2d pfd 77 77 74 78
New York Doek.f 18% 26%
200 N Y, N H ft H.j203 203 201 204
200 N Y, Ont ft W. 41%; 41 41 41%
1.900 Norfolk ft West 79% 79% 79% 70%
Do pfd I 93 96
300 North American. 100% 100 100 100%
6,000 Northern Sees... 131% 138% 134 134%
Omaha 150 165
Do pfd 187 195
O 8 Ii 4i 104 104%
200!Pacific Coast 80 80 79 80
Do 1st pfd 100 105
I Do 2d pfd 84 87
200 Pacific Mall 45% 45 44% 45%
16,4O0Penn R R Co... 138% 137% 137% 138
700IPeople's Gas 106% 106% 106% 106%
Pere Marquette 75 80
I Do pfd 79 81
P, C. C ft St L 77 77%
I Do pfd 102 108
100 Pressed Steel Car 37% 37% 37% 38
100 Do pfd 90%i 90% 90 90%
300 Pullman Car Co. 240 230% 238 240
2,000 Ry Steel Springs 33 ! 32% 33% S3
Do pfd J 94 95
44,100 Reading 82% 81% Sl% 81%
1001 Do 1st pfd.... 02%! 921' 91% 92
700! Do 2d pfd 84% 84% 84 85
1,000 Republic S ft I.. 16% 16% 16% 16%
600. Do pfd 68 07% 68 68%
1.300 Rubber Goods... 27% 20% 27% 27%
Do pfd 96% 95*4
400 SIoss S S ft I Co. 63 62% 62% 63
Do pfd 98 102
St J ft G I 14 18
Do 1st pfd j 64 57
„ E ° 2d pfd 25 27
StL & SF 1st pfd 76% 78
800 Do 2d pfd ... 70% 70% 70% 70*4 '
rn1r t ri:*,? W "' 25 % 25 3 ?*H 23% .
100 Do pfd B8V 68% 6S 58%
S.OOOiSouthcrn Pac .. 05 ! 04% 64% 64% '
L 22. pfd „ ii«%liie ne% 116%
3 -J™ ! Southern Ry "■ M%l 34% 34% 34%
!Standard OH I , g29 633
1,000'Standard R ft T 2% 2% 2V, T
1,000 Tenn Coal & I. 71% 70% 70% 70%
T « M £ I* T Co (....* 86 39
Texas Pacific 34% : , 5
Third Avenue 128 130
IToledo R ft T Cp| 36% 36% 35% 36 V,
ISO Toledo St L ft W!.... . .... mQ .icii
1001 Do pfd nil 5 i2
100 Twin City R T..!l05 105 10T. 108%
Union Bag ft pi 91Z 10%
Do pfd 1 69 72
ld.SOOIUnlon Pacific . .1115% 113%I111% ntat
100 Dt, pfd I 97 07 I 97 97%
...... J Do coav as ...i,....4 U13%|1U I
6%
31%
..."
37%
'»%]
40%
78%
62
86
I Z3
i 6%
j 31%
[37%
25%!
77%
61
37%
79
12 I
25%
I 77%
61 j
67
83
42 j
60
I 25
31
40
90%
03 %
158%
I 21%;
76%
66%
37%
86
30
55%
36
82%
28
53
13
95
90
35
93
w
16%
! 22%
61
36
195
129 I
80%
77%'
23
] 61%
37
!l96
1129%
21
! 78
;is5%
343
.5+..
36%
I 86%
j'78%
i 33%
142
25%
33
43
91
! 94
L58%
67
38%
88
31%
66%
39
82%
28%
63%
I 35
67
I 87'
1101
M4
! 96
11
63
69
83
145
80
85
22%
68
I »2%
82
I »%
19%
! 10%
42 "
SO',
1120
I 80
110
79%
12%
26%
40
80
61%
69
88
45
65
I 22 I
H
:::::
I 30%
, 55%
'28%
53%
)30%
55% I
1*88* "j
I 63
I'se''
1
1 I
140%]
|169%j
'139%!
jl66%!
I 73 1
'114% [
23%
' H)7 :
: 5
11
74
114%
I 24
I 64
] 92
90
1 0
114'
80
•t,~
62 j
il06%
1*0.
'55%
193%
143%
1.
I'
tt'j
44
120
78
26%
79%
[• ••• •
80 *
:'« 6 "
!
1
j'45%!
43
45%
so
81
'37%
33
*8l%
92i'
1
i
!
65 I
110%
5%
97%
I 04'
1116
I 641
116'
70%
28% ;
58% I
<M%
116%;
'
I 71%
I
I
1
70%
I
86 I
34%
1
I 36%
h'.'/i.
I
'36%
I
!l!5%
I 97
«%"
69
111%
»7
97
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1905.
I
I
' '3,700
l nucu copper ..
United R of S F
Do pfd
I Do *s
3,700[U S Cast I Pipe
6.000| Do pfd
U S Express ...
0.800. U S Leather
2,400. Do pfd
iU 8 R & C pfd
7.400'U S Rubber
2.9001 Do pfd ......
#4,lOOiU S Steel Cor.
38,400| Do pfd I
2.3l!0|Va-Car Chem Co
2001 Do pfd
300i Wabash j
300 Do pfd
! Do deb Ba v .. |
(Wells Fargro Ex.
100,Western Unlou..
IWestlnghouse ..
I Do 1st pfd ...
20O|W ALE
100 Do 1st pfd ...
90C; Do 2d pfd ...
200jWlsconslh Cen .
I ,
"24%
85
j'36%|'35
'SO* 2ft"
93 j 91%
I. 38%I 37%
|109 il09
2l%( 21%
42%| 42V*
I ;
, I
83%
110
12
101
79
I 8 I 10
I 201,41 23
65 j 65%
S7%| 88
23% 24%
84 85
110 125
12% 12%
101 101%
79 79%
30 v; 30%
99% ICO
293* 29%
92% 92%
38%] 38%
10SVi|109
n% 21%
42W.I 42%
68%I 67%
833 1245
93 93 %
i79%:iso%
187 194
18% 10
44% 45%
25 % 25%
21% I 22
45 45%
loo:
93% '93"
....... I
29 %
21%
I Do pfd I
673,900—T0tal shares sold.
Now York Bonds.
U S ref 2s reg.. 104%•Japan Cs. cert 06
Do c0up0n...... 104%|L & N unified 4s. 102%
Do 3s reg 103%jMan con gold 45.105%
Do coupon 104% Mcx Central 45... 75%
Do new 4s reg.l3l I Do Ist lnc 25%
Do coupon 131 I Minn & St L 45.. 97%
Do old 4s reg.lCs%,M. X ft Texas 4s. 100%
Do coupon 105%! Do 2ds 86%
Amer Tob 4s. cert 71%|NR of Mcx con 4s S2
Do 6s. cert 111 IN V C gen 3%5..100
Atch gen 4s 103% N J C gen 5t 134
Do adj 4s 94% Nor Pacific 4s 105
I Atlantic C L 45.101%| Do 3s 77%
j Bait & Ohio 45.104%|N0r ft W con 45.102
Do 3%s 94 |0 S li refdg 45... 97%
I Central of Ga 53.113% Pa cony 3%s 103%
Do Ist mc 91 I Beading gen 45..101%
I Do 2d lnc 70 IS L ft I M con 55.116%
j Ches ft Ohio 4%5.1"5% S L ft S F fg 4s. 88%
i Ch| & Alton 3%5. 81 I St L S W con 4s. 81
I C ,B ft Q new 4s. 99% Seaboard A L 4a. 85%
!C, R I ft Pac 4a. 82 iSo Pacific 45.... 95%
I Do col 5s 95%!50 Railway 5s 118%
I C.C.C & SDgn 48.101 ITex ft Pac 15t5.,120%
i Oh! Term 4s 88 iTol. St L ft YV 4s. 84
' Colo Midland 4s 74%.Union Pacific 4s. 105%
! Colo ft So 4s 92 : Do cony 4s 113%
Cuba 5s cert. ...IfM%IU S Steel 2d 65.. 92%
i Den ft Rio G 4s. 10"% Wabash lsts 118%
, Dlst Securities ss. 78 I Do deb B 67%
! Erie prior lien 45.100% j Western Md 45... 91%
Do gen 4s 91%:W ft L Erie 45... 93%
! F W ft D C 1 sts. 108%! Wis Central 45... 91
Hock Va! 4%e.. .109%!
New • York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 20i Little Chief 05
i Alice eOiOntario 3 75
Breece 18 Ophlr 6 60
Bruns Con 09! Phoenix 08
Com Tunnel 00 Potosl 24
Con Cal ft Va... 1 80' Savage 50
Horn Silver 1 50ISierra Nevada «0
! Iron Sliver 2 OOlSmall Hopes 25
j Leadvllle Con 02' Standard 1 60
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— (U S Steel 29%
: Call loans 2%®3%' Do pfd 91%
j Time loans 3%#4% Westing Common. 92
Bonds— ! Mining—
! Atchison 4s 102 %| Adventure 6
Do adj 4s 94%iAllouez 21
| Mcx Central 45... 74 'Amal Copper .... 73
Railroads— I Amer Zinc 12
' Atchison 88 lAtlantlc 17%
Do pfd 101Ul Bingham 33%
Boston ft Albany.2s6% Calumet & Hecla.6so
I Boston ft Maine.l7s ICentennial 24%
Boston Elev 157 iCopper Range ... 68
Fitehhurg pfd 143 I Daly West 14 ;
Mcx Central Coal 60 :
! N Y. N H ft H..202% Franklin ..» 11%
' Pere Marquette... 78 'Graney 3
' Union Pacific ".113% I Isle Rovale 26
Miscellaneous — iMass Mining .... 9%
I Amer Arge Ohem. 10% Michigan 10
I Do pfd 86 l*'*awk 61
; Amer Pneu Tube. 4~*,'Mont Coal ft Coke 4%
; Amer Sugar .... 148*4 lOtd dominion ... 27
Do pfd 138 ! Osceola 93%
] Amer Tel ft Tel. 146 Parrot 28%
' Amer Woolen ... 21%'Quincy 105
Do nfd 93 I Shannon 8% i
I Dom Iron A 5... l*%!Tamarack '• 115
Ed Elect 11ium..252 ITrlnlty 9
j Gen Electric 186 IU S Mining 22%
I Mass Electric 13%'u S Oil 10%
Do pfd 58% j Utah 42
Mass Gas 38% Vlctorla 4%
! United Fruit 105% Winona 11%
Un Sho» Mach... 6<* !Wolverine 104
Do pfd 32%!
London ClotfßK Stocks.
Cons money —88 5-16|N V Central 140%
Do acct 88 7-16! Nor ft Western... Rl %
; Anaconda 5%1 Do pfd 98
Atchison 89% iOnt ft Western... 42%
Do pfd 103% |Pennsylvania 70%
Bait A Ohio 107%' Rand Mines 11%
Can Pacific 136 I Reading 42
Ches ft Ohio 49 i Do Ist pfd 47
Chi Great West.. 23% Do 2d pfd 43
Chi, Mil A St P. 176% So Railway 15%
De Beers 18 Do pfd 99%
Den ft Rio G 32% So Pacific f«U,
Do pfd 78%|Unlon Pacific 117%
Erie 40% I Do nfd 99%
Do Ist pfd 80%'U S Steel no\
Do 2d pfd 63 I Do pfd ..! 04% I
Til Central 160%: Wabash 22
7/>uls ft Nash 142%! Do pfd 43%
M X ft Texas... 32*.'Spanish 4s 89%
Bar Filver—Steady, 28d per ounce.
Money.—l%ig2 per cent.
The rate of Interest in the open market for
short bills is 2%<8>2% per cent and for three I
months" bills 2% per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Jan. t.—To-day's statement
of the Treasury balance In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in
the division of redemption shows: Available
cash balance, $144,."130.415: gold, $73,404,664.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, 9.—COTTON—Futures
opened steady. January, 6.92 c; February, of
fered, 7.06 c; March. 7.08 c; April, 7.10 c; May,
7.16 c; June, 7.21 c; July, 7.28 c; August, 7.83 c;
September 7.34 c; October, 7.35 c; November
7.25 c.
Spot cotton closed quiet. Middling gulf, 7.76 c
Sales, 375 bales.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.—FLOUR—Receipts.
19,400; exports, 1400. Market firm, with
patents held higher. Minnesota patents. $5 S5
! «c 35.
WHEAT—Receipts, 14,600 btfshels. Spot.
\ strong; No. 2 red, $1 23% elevator, and $1 24%
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 28%
jf. o. b. afloat. Bull manipulation, supplement
] ed by favorable weekly statistics, firm cables,
talk of unprotected wheat fields in the South -
[ west and a further good cash demand, were
i the Influences that advanced wheat decidedly
< to-day, the market closing %®l%c net higher.
I May, $1 16%@1 17%. closed $1 17%; July
closed $1 03%.
HOPS—Firm,
i WOOL.—Firm.
HlDES—Steady.
PETROLEUM —Steady.
COFFEE—Bpot. firm. The market for Coffee
I futures closed very quiet, with the total sales
j amounting to only 58,750 bags. Including:
I January. 7.60©7.70 c: March, 7.85®7.90c: May,
8.10®8.15c; June, 8.25 c; July, 8.10 c; September,
8.15® 8.35 c.
SUGAR—Raw, nominal; fair refining.
I 4 7-16 c; centrifugal. 96 test, 4 15-16 c; molasses
sugar, 4 8-16 c. Refined, firm; No. 6, 5.35 c; No
17, 5.30 c; No. 8, 5.20 c; No. 9, 5.15 c; No. lo!
; 6.10 c; No. 11, 6c: No. 12. 4.95 c; No. 13, 4.85 c;
; No. 14. 4.80 c; confectioners' A. 5.80 c; mold
A, 6.80 c; cut loaf, 6.66 c; crushed, 6.65 c; pow
dered, 6.05 c; granulated 5.95 c; cubes, 6.20 c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES—The market shows
no change from conditions recently reported.
Prime were In moderate demand. Common
4®4%c; prime, 6c; choice, 6%®G%c; fancy'
6@7c.
PRUNES—Firm, particularly for smaller
sizes, such as SO-OVs and go-lOC's. Orecon
prunes range as high as 6%c for larger
sizes.
APRICOTS—Are said to be attracting im
proved attention, and rule firm. Choice, 9%©
10c; extra choice, 10%@llc, and fancy. 12® 15c
PEACHES —Firm. Choice, 9%c; extra
choice, 10%©10% c. and fancy. ll®l2c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 9 —The metal markets
continue to show firmness In all departments
with the exception of tin. Locally the mar
ket for copper also was lower abroad, with
spot quoted at £68 lis 3d and futures at £CS
18* 9d. Locally the market remained firm
Lake is quoted at $15 37%@15 50; electrolytic,
$15 12M53>15 25, and casting, $14 sf%®
15 12%.
Lead shared In the foreign weakness, being
about 3s 9d lower at $13. Locally the market
continued firm, with spot quoted at $4 60®4 70
Spelter was lower abroad, closing at £25
2s 6d In London, in spite-of which the local
market showed firmness, with the general
range of quotations between $6 15®6 20.
Iron closed a little lower abroad, with Glas
gow quoted at 565, and Mlddlesboro 49a 7%d
The local market Is firm. Large produoers are
holding supplies around $17 96 for No. 1 foun
dry Northern and $16 50 for No. 2. The gen
eral range Is: No. 1 foundry Northern, $17 50
@T7 95; No. 2 foundry Northern, $17 50; No
1 foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry South
ern soft, $17 76®18. *
CHICAGO BOAK1) OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9.—With the exception of a
short period of uncertainty immediately after
the opening, sentiment In the wheat pit was
decidedly bullish. Influenced by firm cables
and by a liberal decrease in the amount of
breadstuffs on passage, the market was firm
at the opening, May being up %c to %c at
11 13% to «1 15%. The situation in the
Northwest, however, was apparently less
bullish, arrivals to-day showing: a considerable
increase over recent receipts. As a result of
the freer movement there was fair scattered
selling by commission houses. Offerings were
not readily taken and In consequence prices
reached a slight setback, May declining to
$1 15%. Later news f;-om the Northwest be
came more encouraging to bull traders, an
excellent demand for cash wheat, especially of
the lower grade, being reported at Minneapo
lis. On active cohering by shorts prices be
came quite buoyant. A decided source of anx
iety to shorts was an official forecast for a
cold wave in Kansas and Nebraska, where the
winter crop is said to be Insufficiently protected
by snow. A report that the world's monthly
visible supply would show a decrease of 10.
--000,000 bushels compared with the correspond
ing week a year ago. was another factor partly
responsible for the strength manifested later in
the day. After May had sold up to si 17%
a reaction occurred on profit taking, the price
dropping back to |1 16%®l 17. The market,
however, quickly rallied on renewed covering.
Final quotations on May were at $1 17%.
Notwithstanding the strength of wheat, the
corn market was barely steady. May opened
unchanged to a shade lower at 44%®44%c to
44% c, sold between 44%0 and 44%@44%c, and
closed at 44%@44%c.
Mr.y oats opened a shade lower at 30% c.
sold between 30%®30%c and 31c and closed
at 30% c. /
A lite advance In the price of hogs had a
strengthening effect on the provisions mar
ket. At the close May pork was up 7%c, lard
2%<65c higher and ribs 5c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
May 1 15% 1 17% 1 15% 1 17%
July 09 99% 98% 99%
Corn No. 2 —
January 41% 41% 41 41%
May 44% 44% 44% 44%
July 45 45% 44% 45%
Oats No. 2—
January 20% 29% 29% 29%
May 30% 30% .10% 31
July 30% 30% 30% 30%
Mess Pork per bbl—
January 12 22% 12 27% 12 22% 12 27%
May 12 57% 12 65 12 55 12 02%
Lard, per 100 lbs-
January 0 05 0 67% 665 6 67%
May 0 87% 690 687 % 690
July 6 97% 700 697 % 700
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs-
January 6 35
May 6 02% 6 05 660 6 65
July 6 75 0 77% 6 72% 6 77%
Cash (sra!»> *»ni Prox-fslons.
CHICAGO. Jan. 9.—Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, steady: No. 2 spring wheat,
$1 12®1 17; No. 3, $1 0131 15; No. 2 red. $1 17%
@120%; No. 2 corn, 42c; No. 2 yellow, 42% c;
No. 2 oats, 28%©29% c; No. 2 white. 31%®32c;
No. 3 white. 90i4©31%CJ No. 2 rye, 75.-; gocd
feeding barley, 30?f37c; fair to choice malting,
41@47c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 15; No. 1 Northwest
ern, $122%: prime timothy seed, $2 77%; mess
pork, per barrel, $12 25®12 30; lard, per 100
pounds. $6 65; short ribs sides (loose), $6 12%-U
0 25; short clear sides (boxed), $6 50@G62%;
whisky, basis of higii wines, $1 23; clover, con
tract grade, $12 75.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 14,600 11.000
Wheat, bushels 42,000 55.900
Corn, bushels 481,700 310,200
Oats, bushels 161,000 "218,000
Rye. bushels 21,000 5,900
Barley, bushels 87,900 16,600
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9.—On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm.
Creameries, 19®2Sc; dairies, 18®24c. Eggs,
flam at mark, 2!'#26c. Cheese, firm, 11a/12c
ELGIN. 111., Jan. 9.—Butter firm at 29c; an
advance of lc from last week. Sales for the j
week, 495,000 pounds.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Jan. —OV.TTLE— Receipts. 26,
--000; strong. Good to prime steers, $5 60®6 10;
poor to medium, $3 90® 5 50; stockers and
feeders, $2 40®4 25; cows, $1 25@4 50; heifers,
$2<&."i; cm.j.ers, $1 25®2 50; bulls, $2@4 50;
calves, $3fa7.
HOGS—Receipts, 40.000; to-morrow, 40.000;
market 5c to 10c higher. Mixed and butchers,
$1 25® 4 70; good to che-Ice heavy, $4 7004 80;
rough heavy, *4 st'« 4 60; light, $4 40®4 65;
bulk of sales. $1 5504 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 22.000; strong. Lambs,
10c to 15c higher. Good to choice wethers,
if 4 Ss®s 00; fair to choice mixed. $4@4 75:
Western sneep, $405 50: native lambs, $5 50®
5 75; Western lambs, $5 75®7 50.
Kansas City.
KANSAS < 'ITY. Mo., Jsn. 9—CATTLE—
Receipts. 8000; steady to strong. Native steers,
$3 50<§5 75; native cows and heifers. $1 75®
4 50; stockers and feeders, 52 75®4 25; bulls,
$2 2504: calves, $3fati 50; Western steers, $3 25
®5 25: Western cows, $1 7508 50.
HOGS—Receipts, 6000; market 5c to 10c
higher. Bulk of sales, $4 3504 50; packers,
|4 5004 70; pigs and lights, $3 8004 50.
SHEEP—Beceipts, 2000; steady. Muttons,
ft 2505 50; lambs, $5 50®7; range wethers,
$506 15: fed ewes, $4 2504 75.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Neb,, Jan. 9.—CATTLE—Receipts,
5000; steady to stronger. Native steers, $3 50
•i."' 18; cows and heifers, $2 75@4; canners,
SI 7502 50; stockers and feeders, $2 5004;
calves. $336; bulls and stags, $1 7503 50
HOGS—Receipts, 2700; market 10c higher.
Heavy, $4 «o®-4 65; mixed, $4 60®4 «2%; light.
$4 55t04 00; pigs. $3 50®4 25; bulk of sales.
$4 60®4 02%.
SHEEP—Receipts. 10,000; strong to 10c
higher. Western yearlings, $5 25®6; wethers,
$4 75®5 50; lambs, $6®7.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
W r heat— March. May. July.
Opening 7 1% 7 1% 7 1%
Closing ? 7 1% 7 1 7 1%
• PARIS.
Wheat — Jan. May-Aug.
Opening 23 40 24 25
Closing 23 40 24 33
Flour—
Opening 31 05 32 05
Closing 31 05 32 05
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 9.—WOOL—Steady. Me
dlum grades, combing and clothing, 23024 c;
light tine, 18'u22%e; heavy line, 10®28c; tub
washed. 27©He.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 9—WHEAT—Ic higher.
Bluestem. 89c; Club. Stic.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., Jan. 9—WHEAT: Ex
port—Walla Walla, 87c- Bluestem, 85c. Mill
ing—Wtlla Walla, 85c; Bluestem, SSa'.toc; Val
ley, 87c. Eastern market basis—Walla Walla,
85c; Bluestem, 90c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Jan 9.—Clearings, $796,799; bal
ances, $226,4j34.
TACOMA, Jan. 9.—Clearings, $510,957; bal
ances. $101,181.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 9.—Clearings, $837,
--005: balances, $79,772.
SPOKANE. Jan. 9.—Clearings. $524,618; bal
ances, $44,234.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days. .$4 85%© —
Sterling Exchange sight 4 87%® —
Sterling Exchange cables 4 87 %® —
New York Exchange, sight 02*.© —
New York Exchange, telegraphic 05 & —
Silver, per ounce 60*4® —
Mexican Dollars 49%© —
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris 5.15
New York on Mexico 202%
Paris on London .....25.14
Berlin on London 20.42
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT —The world's shipments for the
week were as follows, in quarters: Russian.
330.000: Argentine. 34,000; Indian, 2D9.C00:
Australian. 15,000.
Chicago advanced from $1 15% to $1 17%,
but fell back to $1 17%. This market was
higher for May. but lower for December. a"hi
rain which, thcugh not heavy, waa general
aver' the State, offset the Chicago advance.
The cash grain showed no change of any
nature.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 45®1 52%; California
White Australian. $1 60@1 62%; Northern
Club, $1 50®1 55; Northern Bluestem, $1 60©
I 62%; Northern Red. $1 47% per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 46% $1 47% $1 46% $1 47%
December ...133 1 33 138 133
2 p. m. Session.
May—sl 47% bid, $1 47% asked.
December—sl 83 asked.
BARLEY—The msrket was firm, with fu
ures higher and the cash grain steady at the
sloslng prices of last week. Some short cover
ng was noticed in futures.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 13%@1 17%; Brewing and Shipping.
II 18%®1 22%; Chevalier. $1 20©1 25 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
day $1 14% fl 15 $1 14% $1 15
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
Hay $1 15 $1 15% $1 15 $1 15
>ecember ... 98% 08% 98% 98%
OATS —The Government opened bids for 4550
one yesterday. This is the order mentioned
tome weeks ago. Otherwise there was nothing
tew, the market being firm and unchanged.
White. $1 4501 67%; Surprise. $1, 56® 1 80;
Red for feed. $1 45®1 50 for No.' 1 and
11 40®1 42% for No. 2; choice, for seed.
11 50® 1 55; Black. $1 35©1 45 for feed and
il 50® 1 65 for seed; Eastern White, $1 42%®
. 45 per ctl.
CORN—The situation remains unchanged,
the market being quiet, with a continued flrn
tone in sympathy with Chicago.
Western sacked. $1 27%@1 30 for new Tel
low and White and $1 22%@l 25 for Mixed
California large Yellow $1 25@1 27%; emal
round do $1 Us®l SO; White. $1 25: Egyptian
$1 35® 1 37% for White and $1 17%®1 20 foi
Brown.
RYE—sl 42%®1 47% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—SI Bo#l 75 per ctl.
I Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR—California Family Extras. $4 80fi
: 5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70®5
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4®i 5(
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS—PrIcea in packagea are at
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25 (in barrels $4 75); Rye Meal,
$3 50 (In barrels $4 50); Rice Flour, $7; Corn
Meal. $2 50; extra cream do. $3 60; Oat Meal,
$4; Oat Groats. $4 25; Hominy, $3 60@3 85;
Buckwheat Flour. $4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Far.na. $4; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls $6 75®7 50; In sacks, $4 25; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, boxes. $0 50; Green
; tas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff's.
The Government yesterday opened bids foi
6830 tons of Hay, this being the order men
tioned some weeks ago. The market remains
unchanged. The feeling in Feedstuffs Is firm
BRAN- 520®21 u0 per ton.
MIDDLINGS—S2S©2B per ton.
SHORTS—S2O@2I 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS—RoIIed Barley. $24 50@25 50
j per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50-Jj
.32 50; Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake! $23924;
: Cocoanut Meal. $244125; Com Meal, $31 50®
32; Cracked Corn. $32®32 50; Mixed Feed, $22
@23; Horse Beans. $30@40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY—Wheat. $9®14 50; Wheat and Oat,
$9<fj!3 50; Oat. $9®I?; Barley and Oat $S®10;
Volunteer Wild Oat. $7@10; stable." $9©10:
stock, $5 50®7; Clover. $7®10; Alfalfa, $9®12
per ton.
STRAW—3S®6Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The week opened with an inactive and fea
tureless markut.
BEANS —Buyos $2 50®3; Pea. $3@3 50;
Butter. $3®3 25; small White. $3®3 35; larg*
White $2 40®2 60; Pink, $2 75®3 50; Red,
$4 25@4 50; Lima $4 05®4 15; Red Kidneys,
'$3 5C©4; blackeyea, $2 35®2 50 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 85®2 40. •
SEEDS—Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. 3%®3%c; Flax, $2®2 75; Canary.
; 6%c; Alfalfa. 12%@13c; Rape. 1%®2%c;
' Timothy. 6%c; Hemp, 3%®3%c per lb; Mil
let. 2%®3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20®21 per
ton.
DRIED PEAS —Nlles, $1 7502 50; Green
Peas. §1 75®2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of common Potatoea from the river
districts were heavy over Sunday and the mar.
ket was a little easier for that claas of goods,
but fancy Burbanks continued firm at well
maintained prices. Four carloads of Sweets
arrived and. being of good quality, met with
a good demand at better prices. Onions con
tinued quiet and weak.
With the exception of String Beans, which
were scarce and Arm, all descriptions of south
ern vegetables were lower, receipts being heavy
and trade rather quiet. Summer Squash and
Tomatoes were the most plentiful and weakest
descriptions. Forty crates of choice Mexican
Tomatoes were received and were held at $1 75
per crate, but found no takers owing to the
abundance and comparative cheapness of the
domestic product.
POTATOES —Burbanks from the river. 00®
90c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 15® 1 45 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks, $I®l 25 per ctl;
River Reds. 50®HOc per ctl; Early Rose. $1®
1 20 per ctl; Sweet Potatoes 90c®$l per ctl.
ONIONS—2 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES—Green Peas. 4®6c per lb;
String Beans. B®loc per lb; Wax Beans. 7®
8c; Tomatoes, 75c@$l 25 per box or crate;
Summer Squash. 75c per box; Hothouse Cu
cumbers, $1 25®1 50 per dozen; Cabbage, so®
60c per ctl; Carrots. 30@40c per sack; Garlic,
7®Sc per lb; Egg Plant, s@7c per lb for south
ern; Dried Peppers, 10@12%c for sun-dried and
13© 14c per lb for evaporated: Green Peppers,
6®Bc per lb; Mushrooms. 10®15o per lb; Mar
rowfat and Hubbard Squash, $B@lo per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Poultry opened the week with the market
firm and practically bare .of domestic stock
and quotations for all descriptions were un
changed. Two cars of Western were marketed
and cleaned up readily at good prices. Game
was In good supply and steady at about pre
vious prices.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, nominal;
Live Turkeys, 21®23c per lb; Geese, per pair.
$1 75®2; Coalings, $2®2 25; Ducks. $5®6
per dozen for old and $6@7 for young; Hens,
$4 50®5 for small and $5 50@6 for large;
young Roosters, $5 50®6; old Roosters $4®
4 50; Fryers. $4 504i5; Broilers. $2 50@3 50;
Pigeons. $I®l 25: Squabs $2®2 60
GAME—Mallard Ducks, $3@4 per doxen;
Canvashack. $3fr4 50; Teal. $1 50; Sprig, $2®3;
Widgeon $1 60@l 75; Red Heads, $2 50; small
Ducks. $1 25® 1 50; Gray Geese, $3; White
Geese, 75c@$l 25; Brant. $1 s>t©2 for large and
75c®$l for small; Honkers. Snipe. $3
for English and $1 50 for common; Hare, $2 50-
Rabbits, $2 50 for Cottontails and $1 50 for
Brush.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs were lower yesterday, with receipts
rather liberal for Monday and stocks showing
an accumulation in a number of stores. Deal
ers are meeting buyers more than half way, as
they want to keep their supplies as low as
possible at this time of the year, when the
production Increases rapidly. Stocks of fresh
Eastern are reduced to a low point, but there
are still a good many cold-storage goods here.
Butter was dull and easy at the quotations
ruling on Saturday, and some houses reported
accumulating stocks, which they found very
hard to move.
Cheese was dull and unchanged.
Receipts were 44,100 lbs Butter, 503 cases
Eggs and 0400 lbs Cheese.
RCTTER—Creamery at first hands, 22%@
23% c for extras and 20fc22c for lower to me
dium grades: dairy, is®2lc; cold storage,
nominal; store Butter. 13®15c; Eastern cubes,
nominal: Eastern '.adl*-packed 15®16e.
CHEESE—Iie for choice mild new and 10®
10% c for old; cold storage, 10@10%c; Young
Americas. ll®12c; Eastern 10®13c per lb.
EGGS—Ranch. 33®36c for good to choice
and 30®32%c for common; store Eggs, 2.8®
32%e; cold storage. 25®27%c; Eastern, nom
inal at 25®28e for choice. 22@21c for stand
ards and 20@21c for seconds.
Deciduous and Citrns Fruits.
The fruit market was dull, particularly for
Citrus kinds, as the threatening weather dis
couraged local buyers and there was no move
ment In shipping channels. The attendance at
the Orange auction sale waa small and the bid
ding indifferent. Four cars were sold, standard
and choice selling from $1 10 to $1 05 per box
and fancy from $1 25 to $1 70. Tangerines
and Lemons were lower and Grape Fruit was
weak at the recent decline. Mexican Linus
were In good supply again, but prices were no
lower. Apples were firm at unchanged rates.
Several carloads are rolling this way from
the north and are due at any time. Persim
n ons and Pears were quiet at the old quota
tions.
APPLES —90c®$l 25 per box for fancy and
60® 85c for common to choice; Laly Apples,
$1 25<g2 :er box.
PEARS— Winter Nellie. $1 r.o®2 per box:
cooking varieties, 50cJ?*'> per. box.
PERSIMMONS—6cS7Bc per box
CITRUS FRClTS—Oranges. Navels $1 7502
per box for fancy, $1 3501 00 for choice «tnl
$1 1001 35 for standards; Seedlings. 75c®$l;
Tangerines, 75<S90c per bux; Japanese Man ta
ring. 75c@$l per box; Lemons. $2 25®2 50 for
fancy. $1 50©2 for choice and $I®l 25 for
standards; Grape Fruit, St 5C®2; Mexican
Limes. $4®4 50 per case; Bananas, $203 per
bunch for Central American and $I@2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples. $1 50©3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits. Nuts. Raisins. Honey.
Peaches are firm at a further advance. Oth
erwise quotations remain unchanged.
FRUlTS—Apricots," a©iU* ior Uuyais and 11
®12% c for, Moorparks; Nectarlnea. U%®B%c
for White and 6%®7%e for Red: Peaches,
9%c per lb; Pears 7@l2c; Plums, pitted, 4®
5c for black. 5%@7c for red and 4%@6c
for yellow; Figs. i-;rawn brlcka. 45c; 3-crown.
50c; 4-crown. 00c; «-crown, 65c; bulk white,
-%®3c; black. 2%®5%c; Evaporated Apples.
4®6c per lb.
PRUNES —1%®1%c per lb for the four alses
and 2%c basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS —1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno—lmpe
rial clusters, $2 25©2 50: Dehess $1 3001 35;
London Layers. Ssc®sl; Loose Muscatels, 4
crown, 5@5%c; 3-crown, 4%c: 2-crown, 303% c:
Seeded. 4%©6 c; Thompson's Seedles?, 4%©
4%c; Seedlesa Sultanas, 3@sc per '*».
NUTS—Walnuts. No. 1 aofuhell !2©l3c; No
2. 10©llc; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2. 10c;
Almonds, 16©17 c for Nonpariels 14©14% c for
I X L. 13%®14%c for Ne Plus Ultra and 11c
for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6©7 c for Eastern;
Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuta, $4 5005; Chest
nuts. 8® 10c per lb for Italian.
HONEY—Comb. 11%®13c for white and 10®
11c for amber; water white extracted, 5%®
6%c; light amber extracted, 5®5%c; dark, 30
BEESWAX—27O29c per lb.
Provisions.
The market continues tame and uninterest
ing at the old quotations.
CURED MEATS—Bacon. 10% c per lb for.
heavy. 10% c for light medium. 13c for light;
14c for extra light and 14% c for sugar-cured:
dry Salt Sides. 10c; Bellies. 11c; Eastern su
gar-cured Hams. 12 to 14 lbs. 12 %c: 15 to 18
lbs. 12c: 17 to 20 lbs. ll%c; California
Hams, ll%c; Mess Beef. $10® 10 50 per bbl,
extra Meas, $10 50® 11; Family. $12@12 50;
prime Mesa Pork $14 60; extra clear $22:
Mess, $16 50; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $5;
Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD —Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9c for pure; half-barrel*, pure, 9%c; 10-
Ib Una, 9%c; 5-lb tiaa 9%c; 3-lb tins, 10c.
COTTOLENE —One half barrel. B%c; three
half barrel*, B%c; one tierce. B%c; two tierces
B%c. five tierces, B%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops. 1
HIDES AND SKINS—CuIIs and brands sell
about %©lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, ll%c; medium, 10% c; light 10c; Cow
Hides, 10c for heavy and 10c for light,
Stags. 7®7%c; Salted Kip, 11c; Salted
Veal. ll%c. Salted Calf, 12We; dry
Hides, 17%®18c; dry Kip 16c; dry Calf. 20c;
Sheepskins shearlings, 25®40c each;
Wool. 50®75c each; medium. 90c©$l 10; long
Wool. $1 2501 75; Horse Hldea. salt. $3 for
large and $2 50 for medium. $1 50®2 for small
and 60c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for
> large and SI 50 for medium. $1 for amall 50c
for Coltt. Buck Skina—Dry Mexican 30c: dry
salted Mexican, 25c; dry Central American.
30c; Goat Skins—Prime Angoras, 75c; extra
large do. $1 25; large, 60c; medium. 35c;
, small. 20c.
TALLOW—No. J --- .red 4®4%c per lb;
No. 2, 3%c; Grea»'
WOOL—Fall cl San Joaquin and South-
I crn 9©llc; Southern B®9c; Southern Moun
tain, 9®llc; Middle Counties, free. 12014 c;
do defective. 10@12c; Northern free. 12® 14c;
do defective. 10® 12c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 16®18c per lb.
HOPS —±904 crop. 25®28c per lb; 1908 crop.
17%@lSc bid.
Meat Market.
The week opened with quotations unchanged
| from Saturday. All descriptions are In suffi
cient supply.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rat s from slaughterers to dealers
BEEF—6®7c for Steers and 4%®6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL—Large. 6>4®Sc; small, B®9%c per lb.
MUTTON—Wethers. 7©Be; Ewes. 6%®7%c
per lb.
LAMB—9® 10c per lb.
PORK—Dressed Hogs. 6%®8%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 40®
,46 per. cent shrinkage for Cattle:
I CATTLE—Steers. 7 1 /«®7%c: Cows and Helf
| era, 6Vj®6%c : thin Cows. 4®sc per lb
I CALVES—4®4%c per lb (gross weight),
j SHEEP—Wethers, 3%®3%c; Ewes, 3®3V4c
I per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS—S2 60®2 75 per head.
I HOGS—Live Hogs. 200 to 250 lbs 4%®4%c;
130 to 200 lbs. s®sV4c; SO to 130 lbs, 4%®4%c;
[soft Hogs, not wanted; Sows. 20 per cent off;
, Boars, 60 per cent off, and Stags. 40 per cent
| off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
1 BAGS—Grain Bags, sH®s%c spot and 6®
6%c for June-July; Wool Bags 30®32c; Fleece
, Twine, 7%c.
COAL—Wellington, $8 per ton- New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle, 86 60; Bryant, $6 50;
Beaver Hill, $5 50: Roslyn $7; Coos Bay, $5 50;
Richmond. $8; Cumberland $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke. $11 60013 per
I ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $8 50 per short ton.
OILS —Quotations are for barrels; for cases
1 add sc; Linseed. 55c per gallon for boiled and I
53c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases, $1 10®1 12; Lucol, 50c for j
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut cases, 65® j
80c per gallon; Cocoaput Oil, In barrels, 68c |
for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra I
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural win- I
ter Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter I
Whale Oil, 67c; natural Whale Oil. 62c; extra j
winter strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard OH. !
65c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73«* No. 1 Neatsfoot
Oil. 63c : light Herring Oil, 42c; dark Herring ;
Oil. 40c; Salmon Oil. 34c: boiled Fish Oil. 37c;
raw Fish Oil, 35c; boiled Paint Oil, 33c; raw
Paint Oil. 31c.
COAL OlL—Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. In cases, 19% c: Astral, 19% c;
Star. 19V4c; Extra Star. 22% c; Elaine, 28c;
Eocene. 21 %c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline in
bulk. 16c; in cases 21% c; Benzine, in bulk,
13c; In cases, 19% c; 86-degree Gasoline. In
bulk. 25c; in cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE—7Sc per gallon In cases and
69c In drums and iron barrels.
BED AND WHITE LEAD—Bed Lead 7%©
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7%@7*4c according
to quantity.
SUGAR—The Western Sugar Refining
Company quotes as follows, per lb, in .
100-lb bags: Cubes A Crushed and Fine j
Crushed. 6.15 c; Powdered 6c; Candy Gran
ulated. 6c : Dry Granulated fine, 5.90 c;
Dry Granulated coarse. ' 5.90 c; Fruit I
Granulated, 5.90 c: Beet Granulated (100-lb
bags only). 5.80 c; Confectioners' A. 5.90 c;
Magnolia A, 5.50 c; Extra C 5.40 c; Golden C.
5.30 c: "D." 5.20 c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets—Half barrel*. I
6.40 c; boxes. 6.65 c; H. & E. Crystal Domlnos,
8.90 c per lb. No orders taken for lets than ,
seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, JANUARY 9.
Flour, qr sks.. s,2o'JiStraw. tons .... 17
Wheat ctls ... 808] Hops bales 25
Barley, ctls ... 4,854)W00l bale 1
Corn (West),ctls 500|Shorts sks 75
Tallow ctls ... 246lFeed. sks 280
Beans, sks 2,B79|Leather. rolls .. 93
Potatoes sks .. 7.7SB|Hides No 413
Onions, sks 30' Pelts bdls 1.9C5
Bran, sks l,2f6!Quicksllver, flsks 49
Middlings, ska.. 1,120 Brandy, gala ... 1.900
Hay. tons 716!Wlne. gals 115,000
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.. 3,490'8ran. sks 2,070
Potatoes, iks .. 2.9BBiFeed. sks 3eo ,
Onions, sks 73:
STOCK MARKET.
An Active Day in Gas. Sugar and
Mining Stocks.
The week opened actively on the Stock and
Bond Exchange, with sudden activity In the
sugar stock? at firmer prices and a break in
Gas and Electric from> $52 75, as Saturday's
closing price, to $49 25, the stock opening at
$51 75 and declining steadily all day without a
break, with the selling active. The sugars, on
the contrary, were firm, Hawaiian selling up
to $74. Honokaa to $18 25 and Hutchinson to
$15 25. Alaska Packers waso also stronger at
$93393 30.
The oil stocks continued dull and feature
less. The Tonopah mining shares were not
especially active, but quotations fluctuated
considerably, Montana Tonopah falling from
$2 22% to $2. while Tonopah Belmont ad
vanced to 73c and Blue Bull to 35c.
The Comrtock mining shares were especially
lively, but prices broke sharply, as will be
seen, Ophir. which closed on Saturday at $7 50,
declining to $5 02%. Consolidated California
and Virginia to $1 70. Mexican to $1 80 and so
on. Selling of these stocks was heavy and
sharp.
An assessment of $1 per share was delin
quent yesterday on the capital stock of the
Pacific Trar>?fer Company of San Francisco.
The annual meeijng of the stockholders of
the Italian-American Bank has been called for
January 12.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Jan. o—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.l Bid. Ask.'
4s qr coup. .105%106 (4a qr cp new.130%131%
4s qr reg. ..105%106 |3s qr coup. ..104% 105
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W ss. — — IO G LAH ss. — 110
Asso Oil ss. — 86%j0 W gtd ss. — —
Bsy CPC 58.102 — | Oceanic S ss. — 71
Cal C G 55.105 — lOrn Cable 65.121% —
Cal G& Eg |Pac Glm 4s. — 08
m & ct ss. 83% — |P E Ry ss. .105%105%
Cal-at C 55.112 — IP &C H 68.103% —
c C Wat ss. — 98%!P AO R 65.H3 —
EdL A P 6s. — 126 !Powell-st 6s. — —
F & C H 65.115% — ISae EGA 855.102% —
Geary-st 5s . — 90 |SF A SJVSS.I2O —
H CAS 5%5.105 — ISlerra R 65.. — —
Do 5s 103 — IS P of A6s
Hon R T 6s. 106% — I (1909) 107 —
L A Elec ss. — — | (1910) 108 —
LAG AElss — — |S P of C 6s
L A Ry 55..H6%117 (1905)5r A.lOl 101%
LAL gtd 5s — 1C5% (190f.)Sr B. — 103%
LAP .lcm ss. 101 — I O906) 104% —
Mkt-st C 05.113 — I (1912) 114% —
Do lcm ss. 115% — |SPC leg ss. — —
MVA MtTSs. — 108 I Do stampd.loß% —
NRR of C 65.103% — IS P B R 65.135 136
Do 5s 120 — IS V Wat 65.105% —
NP C R 55.103 — I Do 4s 2dm. 100% —
X C Rv 55.. — — Do 4s 3dm. — 100
N C P C ss. — 102%! Do g mtg4s 97% —
N8 R R Ss.loo 102 Btkn GAEOs. 93 —
Oak TCo Cs. — — ll* GA E 6s. — —
Do 5s — ,*- IUR of SF 4s. 87% —
Do con ss. 1
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 25 — LPort Costa... — —
Marin C 0.... — 59%!S V Wat Co. 39 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3% — IS F G A E. 49% 50%
Mutual EL.— 11 IStkn GAE. —■ 8% I
Pac L Cj... » — IU GA E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 i
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 132%1L P A A... .152 —
Anglo-Cal ..88 90 |Mer Trust. .. — 230
Bank of Ca1.419% — iMerch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. 152 — IS F National — —
Frst Nationl.3lo — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L.2330 — iSav A L So.. — 100
Hum SAL. — — ISec Say Bk.. — 410
Mutual Say. 99% — Union T C 0.2700 3300
8 F Say U. 610 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 210 |Presidio — 41
Geary — 50 |
POWDER.
Giant 63% 65 Ivigorit 8 4%
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 73% — iMakawell C. 32 33
Honokaa SC 18 lS%|Onomea SC. 31% 82
Hutch S P C 15% — IPaauhau S C 20% 21
Kilauea S C. 3% 5 |
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 92% 93%!Oceanlc 8 Co. 5% 6
Cal F C A. 98% 99%|Pa*c Aux FA. 4 —
Cal Wine A. 80 82%!Pac C 80rx.157 —
MVA MtTm. 96 102 ! Pac S Tel Co. — 107
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
25 Alaska Packers' Association... 98 00
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 93 25
300 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 73 75
1,200 Honokaa S Co 18 00
20 Hutchinson S P Co 15 12%
25 Paauhau S P Co 20 62%
25 8 F Gas A Electric 51 75
45 S F Gas A Electric 51 50
13 S F Gas A Electric 51 25 j
$5,000 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 5s 103 00
$1,000 NP C RR 5 per cent 103 00 i
AUCTION SALES
FIRE SALE.
DON'T FORGET. This Is your chanca
to buy HIGH-GRADE VEHICLES—
BROUGHAMS. HACKS, BURRIES.
WAGONS. CARTS. ROBES, HARNESS—
and it's
AT LESS THAN THEIR COST OF
MANUFACTURE, at
O'BRIEN & SONS'
CARRIAGE FACTORY.
CORNER GOLDEN GATE AVENUB
AND POLK STREET. During Rebuilding 1 .
/\T AUCTION
On TUESDAY, Jan. 10, at 11 o'clock, at the
PIONEER STABLES. 808 Montgomery street.
I will sell 30 head of HEAVY DRAFT
HORSES, from 6 to 10 yeara old and weighing
from 1200 to 1600. This is a choice lot of
HEAVY DRAFT HORSES, direct from the
country. 1 will also sell a BAY PACING
FILLY sired by Eros, out of Lolo C, the dam
cf Gertie A. The above stock will positively
be sold to the highest bidder.
S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
<r\ To close out my stock of THIRTY
SEVEN WORK AND DRIVING
HORSES, four surreys, four top buggies, three
carts, twelve road and business buggies and
thirty sets of single and double harness. I will
cell at 1140 FOLSOM ST. TUESDAY. Jan. 10,
at 11 a m. WILLIAM CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
£ta £t?>
AUCTION SALE. WEDNESDAY. January
II at 11 a. m., ARCADE HORSE MARKET,
327 SIXTH ST.; 60 GOOD HORSES and
MARES. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
$6,000 U R R of S F 4s, cash 87 58
Street—
$500 United Btates 3s (coupon) 10* 80
Afternoon Session.
Board—
5 Alaska Packers' Association... 93 00
250 Hawaiian Coral & Sugar 74 00
150 Honkaa S Co IS 12%
25 Honokaa S Co 18 25
leO Honokaa S Co. s 00 18 12%
10 Hutchinson S P Co 15 25
160 Paauhau S P Co 20 75
50 S F Gas A Electric 51 50
55 S F Gas & Electric 51 25
105 8 F Gas A Electric 51 00
200 S F Gas A Electric 50 75
35 S F Gas A Electric 50 62)4
100 S F Gas A Electric 50 60
10 S F Gas & Electric 50 28
200 S F Gas A Electric 60 00
20 S F Gas A Electric 40 50
10 8 F Gas A Electric 40 25
$5,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent..lo6 60
$1,000 Sacramento El Gas & Ry 5a..102; 50
$4,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 62%
$14,000 Market-st Ry Ist con 5s 116 00
Street—
10 S F Gas A Electric 61 60
$13,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 62%
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.l Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC Os.loo — |SF &NP 65.111% —
B L Wat 6s. — 114% S P Co 4%5.100% —
Cal NW 55.. 113% | Sun Tel 6s. ..110 —
M C Wat ss. 100 — | Do 5s 106% —
SF Drdk ss. 112 — iSuttr-st R55.104 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — 25 |Mat Nay Co. 70 —
Amer Bis Co — 90 Nev Nat Bk 201 —
Cal Cot Mils 80 — IN SR R Co. — 12%
Cal G*ECor. 60 51 M Cal P Co. 9 9%
C Jockey CI. — 115 Oak Bk Sav.l2s —
Cal Powder..l3o 145 |Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 IIOOF Hall A 6% —
Cal Tl* T — 155 lOrpheum Co. — 18%
Cen Bk Oak 65 — |PacC Caa Co. 125 —
Chutes Co .. — 6 |Pae Sur C 0..106 —
City ACBk —» 120 iParaf Paint.. 39 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 6%!S F Drydock — 65
DptPwd pfd. — 77%!SFASJ Coal. 17% 20
Do com ..50 — IS J Wat Co. 108% —
FN Bk. 0ak.120 — SO A MTgbt.l2s —
Fischer Thtr — ly'Swlss-A 8k..120 —
Frnch-A Bk. — 110 ITruck Elect.. 11% —
Hono P Co.. 27% — :Unlon 8 Co. — 30
Do pool .. 28 — IUR InC pfd. 65 68
Don* SF Bk 60 — I Do com ..17 —
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
60 E I dv Pont-De Nemours (com) 50 00
Afternoon Session.
Streetf—
50 E I dv Pont-De Nemours (com) 50 00
600 Honolulu Plan Co (pool) 2S 26
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks — Bid. Asked.
Assl Oil Co. Stock Tr Cert.. 28 27
California-Standard 25
Caribou 17 50
Central Point 70 ....
Chicago Crude 28
Claremont 85
Coallnga and Paclflo 60
Four 55 ....
Giant 24 ....
Home 44 45
Imperial 18 50
Independence 27 30
Kern 8 76 ....
Kern (New) $0
Monarch of Arizona 30
Monte Crlsto 76 80%
Occidental of W Va 07
Oil City Petroleum 69 70
Reed Crude 2 10 ....
Superior 03 ....
Thirty-three • 28
Twenty-eight 12 00 16 00
Union •• 62 ••••
Miscellaneous—
Northern Cal Power 800 860
SALES.
Morning Sea si on.
Board —
2000 Oil City Petroleum 60
1600 Forty Oil 00
Street—
25 Northern California Power • 28
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Home OH .»..» m
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK FIX CHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Saa Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session —Comstocks.
200 Alpha 16| 100 Mexican 11l
200 Alpha 151 900 Mexican .2 05
1000 Alta 061 100 Ophir T 25
500 Andes 801 100 Ophir 6 75
800 Andes 811 200 Ophir ..8 50
100 Belcher 29; 750 Ophir • 37%
200 Belcher 281 400 Ophir 6 25
200 Beat A Belch. 1 20! 100 Ophir 8 12%
100 Best A Belch. 1 15 100 Overman $1
200 Caledonia .... 62 700 Potosl 24
200 Caledonia .... 6111000 Savage 60
100 Challenge ... 21! 100 Scorpion 25
1700 Chollar 88 100 Scorpion 28
500 Con Cal A V.l 75 300 Seg Belcher... 08
700 Con Cal A V.l 80 1100 Sierra Nev 58
1000 Con Imperial. 02 400 Sierra Nev 58
100 Crown Point.. 21 700 Sierra Nev 87
800 Gould A Cur. 83 3800 Sierra Nev.... 68
100 Hale A Norc.l 461 500 Silver Hi 11.... 62
100 Justice 1211600 Union Con 88
200 Justice 131 400 Union Con 82
200 Kentuck 03* 400 Utah 20
600 Lady Wash .. 061 500 Yellow Jacket. S3
Afternoon Session —Comstocks.
100 Aloha 16| 100 Gould A Cur. 31
100 Alta 051 100 Hale A Norc.l 80
700 Andes ........ 2*j 100 Justice 12
400 Andes ....... 27 1100 Mexican 1 85
100 Belcher 25! 100 Occidental ... 90
">OO Beat A Belch.l 151 50 Ophir 600
400 Caledonia .... 581 700 Ophir 576
200 Chollar S3! 100 Potosl 22
400 Chollar 32 600 Savage 48
700 Con Cal A V.l 70! 100 Scorpion 24
209 Con Cal A V.l 75! 400 Sierra Nev S3
200 Con Imperial. '02 100 Syndicate 16
100 Con N V.... 041 100 Union C0n.... 78
#00 Crown Point.. ?0' 500 Union Con 72
800 Crown Point.. 10"!'-co Hlrta* Con 71
150 Exchequer ... Yellow Jacket. 30
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid.Ask. j , Bid Ask.
Alpha 15 16 Julia 08 10
Alta 05 06|Justice 12 13
Andes' 27 28'Kentuck 02 04
Belcher 25 27|I.ady Wash ..04 '5
Best A Belch.l 10 1 20 Mexican . .1 85 1 90
Bullion 25 26jOccldental ... 90 P2
Caledonia .... 51 62lOphlr 575 5 87%
Challenge ... 23 25 Overman 28 29
Chollar 33 34|Potosl 22 23
Confidence ... 75 RO Savage 44 45
Con Cal A V.l 70 175 Scorpion 23 25
Con Imperial. 01 02' Peg Belcher... 08 10
Con NY... 03 <"5 Bl#tt» Nev.... 63 55
Crown Point. 19 Hi 11.... 62 64
E Sierra Nev 01 r-s!Bt. I-ouls 11 —
Eureka Con.. — 16 —
Exchequer ... 57 S<VUnion Con 72 .4
Gould A Cur. 32 33'Ptah M 20
Hale & Norc.l 25 1 SVYellow Jacket. 30 31
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
1000 Black Anta .. 10, 300 Bay A O'Brien 08
2000 Black Butte.. 2?ll**>o Red * r op 16
1000 Bullfrog Mln. 00! 500 Ped Top. 15
500 Rullfro* Mln. r 1 1800 Rescue 06
2000 Bullfrog Mln. 63' 250 Rescue OR
0-0 rtullfroa- Mm. "2' ™ x "ed Lion 06
3000 Columbia •••• *< r ' *0O Red Lion .... 07
2000 Dixie 2"! 500 Sandstorm ... 48
700 Esperanza ... 02! r>oo Sandstorm ... 49
Continued on Page Fourteen.
1516
WHEELAN GIVES
HIS EVIDENCE
Accuser of Wyman Declares
That Election Officers
Knew Vote Was a Fraud
DEFINITION OF A BOSS
«
Says That Siaestretti, the
Employer of Defendant,
' Answers the Term Fully
Interest in the trial of Charles Wy
man for fraudulently voting reached
an interesting stage in Judge Law
lor's court yesterday afternoon when
Fairfax H. Wheelan took the stand.
In a clear manner the witness de
clared that he had seen the defendant
copy the name of S. H. Mann from the
roster of the Seventy-third primary
precinct on August 9 of last year and
enter the same as his own on. the
precinct register. Then, declared
Wheelan, "Wyrnan, purporting to be
S. H. Mann, voted ballot No. 31,928.
Attorney Countryman cross-exam
ined Wheelan minutely, but the wit
ness was ready for every point.
"What do you consider good citi
zenship?" asked Countryman.
"The ticket opposed to Mr. Ru«,"
replied the witness quietly.
"Do you know Mr. Kuef ?"
"Only through Mr. Maestretti, boas
of the district."
"What is a boss?" was asked.
"A volume could be writen in ex
planation of the term," was the re
ply. "Mr. Maestretti fills it to the
full."
The witness was pressed to define
the word boss, with Mr. Maestretti as
an example.
"Maestretti sends to conventions
delegates he can use," declared Whea
lan. "He never sends any one whom
he cannot use. He distributes the
loaves and ri3hes. He holds meetings
on the nights before primaries."
Wheelan gave an account of h's
movements on the date of the pri
mary, telling how he visited the
Almshouse yrecinct "to help prevent
the unfortunates from being voted like
cattle." .At about 4 he visited Precinct
73 of the Thirty-ninth District, where,
he declared, he saw Wyman commit
the felony.
"When you saw Wyman enter the
name of S. H. Mann in the register
why did you not challenge the vote?"
asked Countryman.
"Because some of the election of
ficers were not of the faith, and oth
ers were controlled by Maestretti. 1
acted as I thought best for the inter
ests of good citizenship."
"You say you saw Wyman commit
a felony. Why did you not accuse him
at the time?"
"T was not certain as to who he was
and I had no protection against the
election officers. They might have
said that he was S. H. Mann. I am
satisfied that they all knew Wyman
was voting fraudulently."
When District Attorney Byington
pointed to Wyman and asked, "Is thi*
the man?" the defendant looked
down and naled a trifle.
Before the cross-examination was
finished Countryman asked permission
to withdraw to the telephone.
The court then asked if the jury
was tired. On receiving a decided af
firmative, the trial was continued un
til 9:30 this morning.
It yonr lireathlnjr In difficult, or
your lungs sore, rely on Piso's Cure for im
mediate relief. •
POWDER TRUST SEEKS AN
INSPECTION OF RECORDS
Applies for Writ of Mandate to Com
pel Opening of Peyton Chemical
Company's Books.
The E. L Dv Pont de Nemours
Powder Company of New Jersey,
otherwise known as the powder trust,
which was recently defeated in a suit
for injunction to prevent the Peyton
Chemical Company from selling $30,
--000 worth of the trust's stock in the
• local concern for delinquent assess
ment, yesterday applied to the Su
perior Court for a writ of mandate
compelling the company and its secre
tary, J. P. Wallace, to permit an in
spection of the records, minutes of
meetings and stock books of the chem
. ;lcal corporation.
It is set forth that application for
the inspection was made to the sec
retary on October 29, before the stock
was to be sold for assessment, and that
it waff refused. Therefore, says the
trust, it has been damaged in the sum
of $30,000. Judge Lawlor granted an
alternative writ in the case, returnable
to-morrow morning before Judge
Seawell.
High time to get out that catalogue. Ed
vard Knowles Company. 24 Second st. •
YOSEMITE RECESSION AN ISSUE.-Jhe
California State Board of Trade will take up
to-day at a regular meeting the question of
the recession of the Yosemite Valley and
Mariposa big trees grove to the Federal Gov
ernment and the matter will be discussed.
The board some time ago voted in favor of
rtrceßsion. It is probable that a bill will be
presented to the State Legislature.
j ArJVERTISEMENTS.
Yesterday, the first day of our
Annual Sale of Undermuslins
We were very busy attending to the wants of
our customers.
To-day, the second day, we JmatK
offer equally *as attractive
values. Special attention is 3^JL
directed to the reduction on $ji
our line of Bridal Sets. /jLsvf&eSk
The public recognizes the //^^^|^|\
difference between the M <gnin
reliable garments and the kind /^^^^KaS^^
made in unsanitary workrooms. [^^^^J^^^fMl
Our Reductions Are All \\&^^^^
Legitimate.
We assure the public prompt
service and an arrangement of #T ;\ \
stock which will enable one to /;L ...L^A^
make selections easily. J^^^^^^^y
ASTHMA AND AESTHETICISM
IN FAMILY CONFLICT.
SON ADJURES PARENT
TO CHANGE HIS TUNE
Limited Gamut Causes a Domestic Jar
Discord was foreign to the home of
the Millers, 1153 McAllister street, until
asthma entered and clashed with es
theticism. Since then the peace inter
vals have been infrequent. \
It was the father of the faVnily who
introduced the pulmonary ailment.
From an occasional wheeze it was rap
idly promoted to a steady purr by un
avoidable contact with the winter at
mosphere, greatly to the distress of its
possessor and the unfilial disgust of his
first-born son, Frank C, a husky young
patternmaker, who had absorbed a
yearning for life's sweetness and light
and an inverse ratio of loathing for all
that savored of the coarse and vulgar.
Father's labored breathing jarred
harshly on the son's refined nerve
fibers. The younger man shunned the
older's society as well as the limited
hide-and-seek facilities of the house
would permit, but there were places
and times when the dreaded meeting
could not conveniently be sidestepped.
The dining-room and the dinner hour
were the youth's daily horror. There
and then he must sit at table with the
author of his being, whose struggles
with food were unpleasant to see and
to hear. They almost impaired Master
Frank's appetite.
The climax came last Sunday, after a
long period of "nagging" by the son
and inarticulate repartee by tha sire.
The latter was engaged with soup
when Frank sarcastically requested
him to change the tune.
"So long as you are doomed to par
take of your bouillon vocally, as it
were," Frank is reported to have said,
"there is no reason why you should
not vary your selections. You are the
most monotonous soup-gurgler I ever
heard. Your gamut covers about four
notes. Please try and extend your
range. If you must give this daily re
cital, why not rehearse some more pre
tentious number, such as 'The Tann
hauser Overture' or 'Tip, Tip, Tippe
canoe'? As a human wind instrument
you are amenable to improvement."
Mr. Miller, between splutters, retort
ed in anger, and word provoked word
until the Dea.ee was disturbed most vio
lently by Frank. So now he is a de
fendant before Judge Mogan, who will
hear all the testimony to-morrow.
Pat Cooney was inebriated when he
lurched and fell against the window of
Henry Augestine's tonsorial parlor at
3201 Nineteenth street, but the crash
of breaking glass apparently had a
sobering effect, for he«ran away. The
barber and a constantly enlarging
crowd went in pursuit and nabbed the
fugitive while he was endeavoring to
burrow his way to concealment in the
sand of a vacant lot. Burglary was
the charge booked against him, but
.Judge Mogan scouted it and pro
nounced him guilty of malicious mis
chief. Sentence to-day.
George Connell, who was contem
plating suicide by means of poison and
pistol when a policeman thwarted his
intention, said he was unmarried and
without dependents.
"Which makes your intended self-de
struction appear all the more coward
ly," remarked Judge Fritz. "The man
who has a family suffering because of
his Inability to prevent it can be ex
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
cused, perhaps, if he seeks to evade
tugnizanoe of it by killing- himself, but
the man whose world-battle is for him
self alone shows a paltry spirit when
he abandon:- the field, especially when
he has such rugged health as you pos
sess. Go and try to keep yourself
alive."
A philosophical bailiff declared that
self-removal of the Connell spirit from
this sphere would %c the, best thing
that could happen to him and a good
tlung for the s;.here itself.
• ♦ •
'Tin not guilty," was Dorothy Mc-
Cade's answer to Judge Mogan's query
as to how she desired to plead to two
charges of passing worthless checks.
Then her attorney waived a jury trial
and the court set January 17 for the
hearing.
The complainants against the woman*
are Weinstock, Lubin & Co. and the
Emporium Company, each having ac
cepted from her a, check for $50, drawn
on the State Bank of San Bernardino,
in which institution she had no funds.
She remains in prison.
• • •
Frank McGovern obtained from John
Flaherty a meal ticket by pleading that
he was hungry and penniless, but Mr.
Flaherty discovered that his benevo
lence had been imposed on and he
soundly thrashed the impostor. Judge
Fritz gave both of them twenty-four
hours.
* * * •
Louise Mason, young, pretty and
gowned in brightest blue, laughed de
risively when Solomon Cople, peddler,
told Judge Cabaniss that she had ob
tained by false pretense two floor rugs.
Mr. Cople could have his old rugs, she
averred, for goodness knows she must
have been crazy when she admitted
sue h trash to her home. Since she com
mitted that indiscretion her artistic
sense has been constantly jarred by the
hideous design and garish coloring of
the things, and they could not be re
moved any too quickly to suit her. At
tempt to steal them? Mercy! She
would as soon think of attempting to
steal the man who inveigled her into
purchasing them, and gracious knows
nobody would ever think of adopting
him for purpose of household decora
tion. Ha! ha! '
Mr. Solomon testified that when he
displayed the rugs to Miss Mason at
the front door of 235 Shipley street
she rapturously gazed upon them and
eagerly inquired their price. He offered
to accept $1 on the spot and 25 cents
a week until she paid him a total of
$8 50, when he would give her a re-
i ceipt in full. She said she did not have '
j a dollar in her possession just then, ;
i but would he trust her till the mor-
I row and leave the rug? He would, and
;he did. When he called to collect, as
j per appointment, he was met by an
-1 other lady, who assured him that Miss
' Mason did not reside there at all.
, Alarmed, he obtained a warrant for
' Miss Mason's arrest, and the police
i man to whom the service of the docu
ment was entrusted found and ar
rested her on the ground floor of that
very house.
The Judge advised Mr. Cople to go
to the house and recover his prooerty,
i but the advice was rejected. "There's
I a man there," said Mr. Cople, "and I
! don't desire to meet him again."
"You needn't be afraid," said Miss
Mason, "for he won't eat you."
Mr. Cople finally decided to revisit
235, but a policeman will accompany |
him. v
• • •
In the language of the music halls,
"it look.* like curtains" for John Smith
—which is not his name—whose arrest
for burglary was effected through the
courage, presence of mind and strategy
of a woman, Mrß. E. Baumbach, of 1661
Golden Gate avenue. Not only have
the police testimony more than ample
to convict him of that particular fel
ony, but they have two more burglary
cases against him which, they aver, are
equally well fortified. *
Mr. Smith was actively plying his vo
cation at a grocery opposite Mrs.
Baumbach's residence at 1:30 o'clock
yesterday morning when intuition or
something else induced the lady to peep
out of her window, and there she saw
the burglar at work. She neither
screamed nor swooned, but quietly
went to her telephone and notified the
nearest police station of what she had
seen. When the police arrived they
found that Mr. Smith had effected an
entrance to the store and was inside,
where they cornered him as if he were
a rat in a trap.
Two other stores in the Western Ad
dition were robbed the same night, and
the police claim ability to prove Smith
the perpetrator of both of the rob
beries. He was arraigned before
Judge Mogan and will have a hearing
to-morrow.
• • •
William Beppler, who manages a sa
loon at 204 Third street, was annoyed
by the snoring of Robert Davis, a
•miner, who occupied a chair and slum
bered with alcoholic soundness, so he
undertook to quell the nasal solo by
ejecting its operator from the premises.
Mr. Davis resisted expulsion and Mr,
Beppler struck his head with a club,
inflicting such severe injury that the
man is still in the hospital. Judge Mo
gan has continued the hearing against
Mr. Beppler until next Thursday.
Augusta Newby, about 25 years of
age and petite, told Judge Mogan that
she endured William Peterson's perse
cution of her because she feared he
would kill her if she revolted. He was
pursuing her with a razor in his hand
when a policeman arrested him In the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JANUARY 10, 1905.
STATE INCOME
IS INCREASED
Lawsuit Over Eight to Bun
Ferry News Stand Proves
Beneficial to Taxpayers
FOSTER & OREAR WIN
Supreme Court Says Harbor
Commission Must Award
Lease to Highest Bidder
Charles Foster and Horace Orear
have won their legal battle- for the
privilege of conducting the ferry news
stand and parcel repository. The ap
peal of the Harbor Commissioners for
a new trial was dismissed by the Su
preme Court yesterday after extended
argument. Charles Spear's brother-in
law, John Rooney, will have to seek
some occupation other than retailing
The Call, current magazines and chew
ing gum to commuters. The fight in
the courts has been of long duration, .
but it has been a benefit to the tax
payers.
Poster & Orear conducted the fer- |
ry news stand for many years prior j
to Spear's appointment to the Harbor 1
Commission. The profit from the goods
they sold to travelers enabled them
at some personal sacrifice to pay $430
a month as rent to the State. Rooney
thought he might improve the busi- j
ness to such an extent as to be able
to pay a rent of $600 a month. Foster j
& Orear subsequently decided they I
would rather pay $1180 a month than j
be separated from the business that
they had developed so well. Rooney j
went into a trance and offered to '
donate $1200 to the people of Califor- j
nia each month for the right to con- \
duct the news stand. Foster & 1
Orear raised to $1500 and Rooney failed
to call, but the commission awarded i
him the contract.
The erstwhile lessees appealed to the ,
Superior Court, which decided that they ;
were entitled to continue in the busi- I
ness provided that no one raised their
bid. The Harbor Commissioners
a\Varded the privilege to Foster &
Orear and then appealed.
The Supreme Court says that the
point is a purely academic one, in view j
of the fact that the award has been i
given and the appeal of the commis- j
sion is accordingly dismissed. Until |
Rooney or some one else bids higher
than Foster & Orear, they have the
right to remain where they are. The i
controversy has netted the State $1070
a month.
The Murine Eye Remedy Co.. Chicago, I
Send Home Eye Book free. Write them ;
about your Eyes. •
wU :
lodging-house at 231 Third street kept
by the woman.
Mrs. Newby was the wife of a Steu- |
art-street saloon-keeper when Peterson
alienated her allegiance and her hus
band obtained a divorce. Several weeks
ago Peterson visited the saloon and
fired two shots at Newby, but missed,
and the woman alleges that he has
threatened to kill her if she attempts
to abandon him. Judge Mogan will
hear the defense next Thursday,
c c c
Gustav Ahlstead, accused by Mar
tha, his wife, of putting strychnine in
her coffee at their home, 331 Jessie 1
street, was arraigned before Judge
Megan and remanded for hearing till i
next Thursday morning.
MARKS BROS/
JANUARY CLEARANCE SALE
OF MUSLIN UNDERWEAR
how Qouro oar. i
Well mention 3 of tbe Biff Lead
er* for to-day. Hundreds of others.
CORSET /\
COVER
CORSET COVER, like cut, made of LONS
DALE CAMBRIC, trimmed with TWO
ROWS of VAL. LACE INSERTION.
WHITE SKIRT, like cut, made with
DEEP FLOUNCE, trimmed with 3
ROWS of VAL. LACE INSERTION and
tucks, finished with RUFFLE of LACE.
An EXTRA PEEP DUST RUFFLE.
GOWN M%^>j
6 m
LOW NECK MUSLIN GOWN, LIKE CUT,
trimmed with EMBROIDERY and IN
SERTIQN.
MARKS BROS.
The Home of Honest Values
1220-1224 Market St.
"SALAMMBO" PROVES
STANGE A DRAMATIST
Warde and Kid
der Effective in
Main Roles.
Brilliant Stage
Pictures Add
1 to Plag.
Stanislaus Stange and "Salammbo"
! are a conjunction that suggests visions
i not wholly irreverent. To Mr. Stange
jwe are indebted for much that is en-
I gaging in comic opera libretti. To him
I most lately has been intrusted the flt
! ting of Madame Schumann-Heinck into
j comic opera garb, and with entire suc
cess by report. But Stange and "Sa
, larambo!"-Harry B. Smith might
come a little more hilariously in the
connection, but not much. You cannot
help expecting—they did the play last
night at the Columbia—the barbarian
| Matho to jaunt into Carthage on a toy
j auto, or Salammbo to plan a theater
I hat out of the veil of Tanit.
But things do not fall out at all that
I way. Mr. Stange's dramatization of
Flaubert's immortal work proved to
jbe as dignified as it is genuinely dra
-1 matic. The tremendous spectacular
i possibilities of the story are, of course,
: immediately evident; its dramatic ele
-1 ment, separated from the brilliant de
scriptive detail of which it is so inti
j mately a part, seems a less certain
I quantity. Granted music, yes, for the
I story suggests eminently operatic
. treatment. Reyer, Ferdinand Reyer,
j some time ago made opera of it with
| out any very pronounced success. (It
I was produced in Paris perhaps four
I years ago, with only 700 people in the
J cast.) Mr. Stange, however, has suc
ceeded in building a lucid, well-knit
i drama on the story, with the salient
; situations retained and with the essen
! tial dramatic rhythm. The situations
. are posed in logical and cumulative
fashion, and it is not Mr. Stange's fault
that the leading lady suggests "Judith"
i —nor perhaps that of Flaubert. I am
j unsure of the "Judith" date. Mr.
I Maeterlinck's "Monna Vanna" has,
however, the distinction to come after
! both of these—with the heroine in the
| tent of th,e tyrant, whom/she afterward
! loves.
j Again Mr. Stange's exposition is par
-1 ticularly clever. The situation In
Carthage, the Greek view of it, the
! mercenaries' view, the characters in
the play are all brought quickly,
easily and happily to the attention and
from then on the interest never flags.
The pictures, also, are admirably
characteristic, the scenes including the
garden of the temple of Tanit and
Moloch, Salammbo's apartments, the
tent of Matho, the ruins of the temple
:of Delos and the Acropolis, all staged
j with considerable splendor and com
| mendable regard for historical accu-
I racy.
A word as to the dialogue. Here
: one naturally feared. Yet Mr. Stange
has acquited himself here again with
dignity and even distinction. Even
Flaubert, with his irritable ear, could
hardly find that which would much
offend.
To Frederick Warde and Miss Kath
ryn Kidder we are indebted for the
i production of the play, Mr. Warde
I himself appearing as Matho, the bar
barian, and Miss Kidder as Salammbo.
I The work of both players is too well
known here to require much com
! ment, nor is there any new phase
jto demand it. Mr. Warde is the same
! earnest, mannered, dignified, emphat
jic person as always, his clean cut
; word, however, coming with new
! agreeableness. He does not convince
! wholly as the barbarian, but there are
; some moments when even Mr.
, Warde's very clean and very pink
tights and curried skins do not pre-
I vent one's belief in his Matho. These,
mostly, are in the tent scene, when
Salammbo comes to wile the veil from
Matho.
I Miss Kidder is stately, classical and
| cool as usual as Salammbo, looking
the part very effectively, and lifting
sometimes to its dramatic need. A
bit of quite good work is that done by
Thomas Coffin Cooke as Spendius. an
oh* Greek slave. Dudley Kellerd,
, Wadsworth Harris as Hamilcar, and
• Robert Dempster are all worthy of
I mention, and the whole'of the large
; cast keeps well within the picture. The
j musical setting by Henry K. Hadley
; adds mueh v to the charm and atmos
j phere of the play.
The audience last night gave token
I of enjoying the play, which is, indeed,
; well worth seeing.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
The Chutes.
Plenty of good variety is offered at
| the Chutes this week. The new pro
gramme yesterday was thoroughly en
joyed at both performances. Ernest
Wilson and Marie Leicester present a
i very pretty singing act, which they
style "Love Stories Told in Song." The
four Gordons give a startling acro
batic exhibition, Dan Russell and
Blanche O'Nell have some capital fun
in "Sullivan, the Coachman," and the
Burton bell ringers produce charm
ing music from their sweet toned in
struments. Eldridge, who paints por
traits and pictures in sand; Mabel
Lamson, the popular singer of illus
trated songs, and the American Bio
graph, showing American and Euro
pean moving pictures, complete a
strong bill.
Majestic.
A crowded house greeted the initial
1 performance of "Mizpah" at the Ma
jestic last night. It is a magnificent
poetical drama created by Ella
Wheeler Wilcox and Luscombe Sea
relle. Blanche Partington will visit
th* Majestic this evening and one of
her characteristically entertaining and
instructive criticisms of the perform
ance will appear in to-morrow morn
ing's edition of The Call. %
Lyceum.
The Lyceum Theater has scored suc
cess with its new programme, which
is strengthened by a number of the
most popular and successful artists in
vaudeville. Among those who are de
servedly popular are the Star Trio, the
Four Oliphans, the Yale Duo, Sallie
Randall, Charles Richards and Ward
and Cantor. The motion pictures are
a fascinating feature of a delightful
programme.
Fischer's.
' An excellent bill is being presented
this week at Fischer's Theater. The
new numbers are exceptionally good.
The large audience that attended the
performance last night showed its ap
preciation of the show
Burnt Cork Is
a Diversion at
Central.
Minstrels Deal
Out Some New
Jests. •
"How do you feel, Mr. Mayall?" In
quired the interlocutor.
"Me, Mistah Webstah? Oh, sah, Ah
feels quite spiritualistic, Ah does," was
the prompt answer.
"Spiritualistic? How bo, sir?"
"Kase Ah feels medium, sah."
That was neither the oldest nor the
newest of the quips launched from the
"ends" at the "conversationalist in the
center" of the Central Theater minstrel
show, first part. The shelf-worn tale
of the two little fleas, one of whom
urged the other to "get on to the dog,"
was narrated in detail, and the same
Mr. Mayall declared that he did not de
sire to go to heaven because there are
no ladies there. Interlocutor Webster
laughed the idea to scorn and vehe
mently declared that heaven was pack
ed with femininity, but he was instant
ly driven to confusion by Mr. Mayall's
quotation from the Bible: "There was
silence in heaven for half an hour."
But it was an extremely interesting
show. The "troupe" comprised the
players who have been mouthing melo
dramatic lines on the same stage all
this season—men and women whom one
would suppose were least fitted by
temperament and training- to undertake
delineation of the Ethiopian of min
strelsy, either old-time or modern.
That's what made the performance so
interesting. Nobody expected lifelike
portraiture—and nobody got it. From
the stately leading man down to the
humblest actor of "bits," the spirit of
the "legit" refused to be eliminated.
When a pun was expounded the tone
was heavy and the delivery deliberate.
Mr. Mayall's voice descended to subter
raneanism in his duologues with Inter
locutor Webster, who also measured his
words with the precision essential to
effective enunciation.
Of the singing, the least said the bet
ter, if serious criticism had been angled
for by the vocalists. In the opening
chorus the voices were as uneven in
attack as a squad of rookies tackling
the goose step, and when they were not
dodging each other they were either
leading or chasing the orchestra. The
solos fared better as to tempo, but the
singers were undisguisedly gratified
when permitted to resume their seats.
"Thank the Lord!" fervently exclaimed
Mr. Corrigan after he had toiled
through a topical ditty. But his prayer
was made premature by the laughing
audience compelling an encore. When
Mr. Shubert toed* the scratch to venture
"Come Back, Babe," he glanced whim
sically at the grinning spectators and
audibly hoped they "didn't have 'em
with 'em," thereby meaning eggs, of
course. But he was rewarded with
hearty handclaps instead of hen fruit.
Only one conundrum—a metrical
poser—was sprung during the even
ing, and Ben T. Dillon, formerly of
Fischer's and later of the Tivoli, did
it. Mr. Dillon, by the by, was as much
at home in blackface comedy as he
ever appeared in burlesque or comic
opera eccentrics. He joked, sang and
danced with an ease that provoked
envious glances from his stage com~
panions. Just wait till they get him
in melodrama!
Mr. Halifax, on the tambo end. de
plored the spectacle oi so many
straight actors descending to negro
impersonation, and averred that they
should be with Booth or Barrett or
McCullough. Whereupon the inter
locutor reminded Mr. Halifax that the
once great histrionic named were
"dead ones." But not a word of his
averment did Mr. Halifax take back.
Mr. Webster's announcement that
he wasVoing to sing "A Warrior
Bold' started a wcrdy altercation be
tween two young men in a stage box,
and their discussion waxed so loud as
to provoke indignant murmurs from
the parquet, angry glances from
the stage, and finally to interrupt the
song. No sooner did the singer re
commence, however, than the squab
ble reopened with augmented fury
and developed into a fight with fists.
One of the combatants fell, the other
stooped over him, and next instant a
heavy body was hurled to the stage.
It was a dummy. That brought the
curtain.
A regulation olio embraced the
usual sketches, songs and dances.
Walter Shannon, the new juvenile
man. proved possession of a remark
ably fine barytone voice. The per
formance concluded with a fares
that brought out the entire strength
of the company.
The Central Minstrels will be one
of the week's big drawing cards. Their
exact like was never attempted be
fore, but the cordiality with which the
innovation has been received indicates
that other dramatic stock companies
will relieve their routine once in a
while by donning the burnt cork.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
m Chocolate morsels,
1/ sweet to palate \^^B^im.
I and health.
*jk At confectioners' and grocers'- I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MJMSORES
Ears LooKed as if They Would Drop
Off— Body Entirely Covered with
Humor—Three Doctors Could
Not Cure—Child Grew Worse.
CURED BY CUTICURA
IN TWO WEEKS
Mrs. George J. Steese, of 701 Coburn
St., Akron. Ohio.'tells in the following
letter of another of those remarkable
cures of torturing, disfiguring skin
humors daily made by Cuticuri Soap,
assisted by Cuticura Ointment,
after physicians, and all else had
failed: "I feel it my duty to parents
of other poor suffering babies to tell
you what Cuticura has done for mr
little daughter. She broke out all
over her body with a humor, and we
used everything recommended, but
without results. I called in three doc
tors, they all claimed they help
her, but she continued to grow worse.
Her body was a mass of sores, and her
little face was eaten •ay, her ears
looked A if they would drop off.
Neighbors advised me to get Cuticura
Soap and Ointment, and before I had
used half of the cake of soap and
box of ointment the sores had all
healed, and my little one's face'and
body was as clear as a new-born babe's.
I would not be without it again if it
cost five dollars, instead of seventy-five
cents, which is all «it cost us to cure
our baby, afterupenling many dollars
on doctors and medicines without any
benefit ■whatever."
SLEEP FOR BABIES
Rest for Mothers.
Instant relief and refreshing sleep
for skin-tortured babies, and rest for
fired, fretted mothers, in warm baths
with Cuticura Soap and gentle anoint
ings with Cuticura Ointment, the great
skin cure, and purest of emollients.
Cntlctink Soap, 01ati»—nt. and Fill* are told throurhovi
the world. Porter Dru, '. Chem. Corp.. Ma. Sole Prop*.
WW 6ead for " How to Cure B»bj Humor*."
i visit DR. JORDAN'S qrcat 4
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
Qk 10611USXIYIX. M. 6lh.ru, a. rati. A
Tne Larreat Aaetoaucal Mu-«»m in tke \
_nSta«v " lVo "d- Weakaes*** sr lay emrraeteri A
L flßTßij <!'»•*« P»"'«'»«'7«w»<li>y the olasn V
Q IW Ml J>*J«<->aU*t ob the Coeee. Eat 36 jreuv (9
0 fISSIf ORa <>O R DAN-O!BEASEB OF MEN g
A V®Gb9h Coaealuiico free and [trirtl* rrirate. \
n I jSmf B Trearaaeat parronaliy or br latter. A a
\N7 II P—iHe* Our* in jreiy caje undrrtaitra. T
OP I lift Whrafor Book. raiLatopav nf A
" a II ■tnniicx. mailed frkc (Ay
A M ft raluabia bonk (or men) \
MERCHANT TAILORS,
» REMOVES TO
8 112 Sutler Street,. : ;
SAN FRANCISCO. iZ
s? Novelties in Import,ed Wear. |l
carters! clre ick HR^DACflE 
■little Genuine Must Bear
I Facsimile Signature
Alcazar.
"Lost River," by Joseph Arthur, au
thor of "Blue Jeans" and "On the
Wabash," was produced last night at
the Alcazar before a large and well
pleased audience. The play is well
constructed, the story developing in in
terest untillthe climax. The third act
is melodramatic, the heroine on horse
back being pursued by two robbers,
also mounted on spirited steeds, which
on making - their first appearance be
hind the footlights seemed to have
half a mind to take a header into the
orchestra. In this scene Mr. Craig
warms up and exhibits real dramatic
fire when he breaks down the toll gate
with a new ax to let his sweetheart
ride through and when he holds the
mounted robbers at bay at the pistol's
point. Mr. Craig is well supported by
Lillian Lawrence, who gives a faithful
dramatic portraiture of Ora Jones, the
country girl. Grandma Gates, an ec
centric but lovable character, is in th 9
capable hands of Miss Christie Mac-
Lean, her business in the ballroom
scene being specially good. Luke Con
ncss and John B. Maher are the high
and low villains of the play and keep
the ball rolling. The character of
Gladys Middleton, the handsome and
peppery tempered daughter of the
wealthy contractor, is well portrayed
by Ruth Allen, who looked and acted
the part most ingenuously. Harry
Hilliard and Elizabeth Woodson, the
juveniles of the cast, furnished much
Innocent fun. *
Grand.
The last week of Blanche Bates In
"The Darling of the Gods" began last
njght at the Grand Opera-house with
a large and well pleased audience.