• VOLUME XCVIJ —NO. 43.
SENATORSHIP
BATTLE AT CAPITAL OF THE STATE
IS MOST CLEVERLY MANAGED AND
WON BY FLINT
MRS. TEVIS
THE BRIDE
OF McKEE
California Widow
. Weds the Rich
DivoTcea
Unostentatious Ceremony In
. a Pliiladelpliia Hotel
Parlor.
Jlarriage Follows Closely Upon the
Granting of a Divorce to the Mil
lionaire's Wife.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 11.—A. Hart
McKee, who was divorced a few
days ago by Mrs. Eliza Sutton McKee,
and Mrs. Hugh Cornelia Baxter Tevis,
former wife of Hugh Tevis of Califor
nia, were married to-night in the
Hotel Walton. The ceremony was wit
nessed by Mr. and Mrs. H. Sellers
l'iKe>;. parents of the bridegroom,
and Mr. and Mis. G. M. Baxter, par
ents of the bride- It was performed
..by Rev. Dr. Hill, pastor of the First
:Presbyterian Church of this city.
Owing to the publicity that has at
tended recent events in the lives of
4x>th McKee and Mrs. Tevis, efforts
•were made to ha%e the marriage quiet,
and at first to prevent the hotel em
ployes giving out any notice of the
aflair. Mrs. Tevis did not even regis
ter at the hoteL She arrived with her
parents early in the afternoon and
•was accompanied by a maid.
McKee did not register either. After
' his arrival a big box of roses was sent
to MrK. Tevis' room, and soon after 3
o'clock the wedding party gathered in
one of the parlors of the hoteL
Mrs. Tevis is considered one of the
most beautiful women in the WesL
McKee is not only the son of a Pitts
burg millionaire, but has more than
a million dollars in his own righL
Friends of both families say the rea
•son the marriage was performed in
this city was the desire of both fam
ilies to avoid any further sensation in
the home cities.
The announcement of the McKee di
vorce was a sui prise to Pittsburg, but
the marriage of A. Hart McKee and
•Mrs. Hugh Tevis was not unexpected
by their friends. It was generally un
derstood that when McKee obtained his
freedom from his wife, who had insti
. tuted divorce proceedings, he would
marry Mrs. Tevis.
McKee sailed for Europe on October
'•5, accompanied by Mrs. Tevis and her
small son. While the couple were in
Europe frequent reports were received
•fn this city of their constant compan
ionship. McKee returned to this city a
; few weeks ago, leaving Mrs. Tevis in
Paris. On his return he denied that he
had any intention of marrying Mrs.
'.T-evis. He declared he had never been
engaged to her and insisted that he
. had no knowledge of her whereabouts.
. McKee is the son of Sellers McKee,
who made $15,000,000 in the glass busi
ness in Pittsburg. He was named as
: co-respondent in the suit for divorce
brought by her husband against Mrs.
Genevieve C Phipps. Later it was said
that McKee and Mrs. Phipps were en
gaged, but that the engagement was
broken when McKee and Mrs. Tevis
sailed away together.
CORNELIUS VANDERBILT
MAKES A BIG CLEAN-UP
Dips Into Wall Street and Carries Off
Nearly Two Million
Dollars.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11. —The num
\ erous friends of Cornelius Vanderbilt
' afe congratulating him on his recent
successes in the stock markeL where,
it is said, he has added within the last
..-eight months nearly $1,750,000 to his
: fortune.
Vanderbilt's success has been prin
. cipally in Interborough Rapid Tran
sit stock, which has advanced practic
ally 100 points in a year. He also has
teen particularly fortunate in having
bought Illinois Central and Smelters
•stock at low prices. These two have
•had substantial advances, netting. to
him profits of hundreds of thousands
of dollars. ✓
FENDS ANCIENT COPY
OF SHAKESPEARIAN PLAY
Book Discovered ln Sweden Contain
. ing "Titus Andronicus" Printed
in Year 1591.
• LONDON. Jan. 11.—The Morning
Leader's Copenhagen correspondent
reports the discovery at Lund, Swe
den, of a book containing the text of
• Shakespeare's "Titus Andronicus."
printed in London in 1594. The old
est edition hitherto known is the 1600
Quarto.
t>
THE WEATHER.
Forecast made «t San Francisco for
thirty hours, ending midnight, Janu
ary 12:
San Francisco and rlcinlty—Fair
Thursday; brisk north wind.
A. G. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
—1 t
WILL SUPPORT
PRESIDENT IN
REFORM FIGHT
Senator-Elect Declares That
He Heartily Indorses
Roosevelt's Policy.
QUESTION OF FEDERAL PATRONAGE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. n.— Frank P. Flint, United States
Senator-elect, was asked this afternoon on behalf of The Call
where he would be found in the event of a clash between Presi
dent Roosevelt and the of the great trusts and
railwny corporations of the country. He replied:
"I will stand by the President. You cannot make the
declaration in this respect too strong for me. I now say that it
is my purpose to resign the attorneyship of all corporations for
which Jam counsel. This includes the Associated Oil Company.
I will accept no employment from railway or other corporations
during my term as Senator, and my law partner will take the
same course. I am heartily in accord with the President in
his efforts to broaden the powers of the Interstate Commerce
Commission and to abolish rebates and regulate private car lines."'
ALWAYS* VOTED FOR REPUBLICAN PRESIDENTS.
It was remarked to Mr. Flint that much had been said on
the quiet during the Senatorial to the effect that he had
been a Cleveland Democrat.
"There is no truth in the story." said the Senator-elect.
"When 1 was studying law 1 held a clerkship in the oftice of D.
R. Risky, United States Marshal, but* I have voted right along
for Republican Presidents. This fact is well known to Republi
cans in Los Angeles and San Francisco. Reports to the contrary
have no foundation in fact.''
As the topic of Federal patronage is already engaging the at
tention of the Legislature, Mr. Flint was asked if there was any
truth in the stories that promises ni patronage had already been
made and that several aspirants for lucrative positions in the Fed
eral service had been slated.
DISTRIBUTION OF FEpERAL PATRONAGE.
The Senator replied: "There is absolutely-no truth in these
stories. I have not made a single promise in this regard and no
one has been authorized to make any promises for me. I shall be
guided in the distribution of patronage by the judgment of Sen
ator Perkins and the recommendation of the Republican organ
ization and party leaders in this State. The Republican State
Central Committee, of which General Stone is chairman, and the
several county committees throughout the State will be recognized
as elements of the organization."
The Senator-elect frankly responded to all the inquiries pro
pounded, and expressed special delight over the manly letter from
George A. Knight. He spoke in the very highest terms of his old
friend. Senator Thomas R. Bard, and expressed sentiments of
friendship for Arthur G. Fisk and Henry T. Oxnard.
BIDES HIS
"BIKE" ON
SIDEWALK
Stanford Professor
Arrested and
Fined.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PALO ALTO, Jan. 11.—Professor C.
H. Gilbert, head of the department of
zoology of Stanford University and
chairman of the scholarship committee,
was arrested last night for riding a
bicycle on the sidewalk, contrary to a
city ordinance, and on appearing before
Justice M. H. Thomas at noon to-day
was fined $10 for his Indiscretion.
The ordinance under which Professor
Gilbert was fined went into effect on
January 1, and was intended as a pro
tection against student "sprinters,"'
who race from the university through
Palo Alto to their boarding places. The
fact that a university professor was
the first to be arrested has caused con
siderable amusement among the citi
zens of Palo Alto and actual hilarity
among the students of the university,
Who regard the fining of Dr. Gilbert as
a huge joke.
THE San Francisco CALL
STEAMSHIP
ASHORE ON
FIRE ISLAND
Believed to Be the
Liner Lombardia
From Genoa,
NEW YORK, Jan. 12. 3:30 a. m.—A
large steamship is ashore on Fire
Island Beach. Owing to the thick
weather, her name has not yet been
learned, but the vessel is a large one
and is well lighted.
. ne of the steamships likely to be in
that locality is the Italian liner Lom
bardia from Genoa and Naples for New
York, reported last night as twenty
five miles west of Sagaperack, Long
Island.
There Is not much sea running and
the vessel does not appear to be in im
mediate danger. The wind is from the
southeast and rather light.
Stratfon's Nomination Confirmed.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.—The Sen
ate to-day confirmed the nomination
of Frederick S. Stratton to succeed
himself as Collector of Customs at San
Francisco.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1905."
SCANDALS ABSENT
THIS ELECTION.
Clear-Cut Contest
For High Position
figfit Geanfy Conducted
Selection of Senator From Sou'h Will
Add to Strength of Bp'/J
--lican Parly.
♦ — •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAGRAMENTO, Jan. 11.—The Sena
torial contest having been settled, Re
publican leaders in the Senate and As
sembly will put forward their best ef
forts to bring the Legislature down to
the regular business of the session.
There is a general feeling that the
election of a Republican of the south
will tend to the perpetuation of unity
and strength in the party. No scan
dals or stories concerning the lavish or
imporper use of money mar the har
mony of the occasion. In all the camps
it is conceded that the Senator-elect
is a high-minded and deserving citizen
whose career in the United States Sen
ate will reflect credit on California.
While there are many comments on
the line that the ' organization" early
in the campaign slated Flint for the
toga, the best information obtainable
is to the effect that the Herrin or rail
road end. of the organization did hold
"hands off" until last Saturday night,
when the head of the law department
decided to send Ruef to Sacramento to
settle the fight by casting his strength
in favor of Flint. It was positively
known at railroad headquarters that
Ruef would not help Knight. The dis
position of the Fisk forces was never
in doubt. As announced exclusively in
The Call yesterday, George Hatton
came here and arranged with Arthur
Fisk for a transfer of the Perkins sym
pathetic vote from the Postmaster of
San Francisco to Flint.
It now dawns on Knight's friends
that neither Senator Perkins nor Wll
FRANK P. FLINT, WHO WAS ELECTED YESTERDAY TO SUCCEED THOMAS R. BARD IN THE UNITED STATES SENATE.
11am F. Herrid favored the candidacy
of the orator from the Redwoods.
When Jim Oil lis programmed the
Sacramento delegation for Knight,
Flint was depressed, but the depression
was soon relieved. It transpires now
that the transfer was made in order to
keep Knight in the field, by holding out
to him the prospect of ultimate suc
cess.
The letter from Senator Bard to Dr.
Rowell, which the latter now
is accepted as proof that the Senator
never cared very much whether success
or defeat should follow his reluctant
candidacy. Dr. Rowell wired to the
Senator to-day that the game was fin
ished. He expressed his own sense of
disappointment with the hope that the
defeat might prove a blessing in dis
guise. The men who gave their sup
port to Bard are not sullen or vindic
tive. They feel that they gave their
support to one of the noblest men of
California, and they refer with spe
cial satisfaction to the belief that they
will be known to Republicans of the
future *aa men who refused to bow to
the railroad yoke.
United States Senator-elect Frank
P. Flint will be in San Francisco to
morrow and will spend several hours ln
the metropolis. He will leave Sacra
mento at 7 o'clock in the morning with
his formidable array of Los Angeles
supporters and will reach the bay
about 11 o'clock. He will depart for
Los Angeles at 5:45 in the evening of
the same day. An invitation from the
VICTOR RECEIVES
MANY MESSAGES.
Neighbors Rejoice
Over His Election
. 1 —
friends Congratulate Him
T(lesram* From All Par s of State
Begirt Pouring In on Suc
cess/ v Ca ndulate.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 11.—Telegrams
of congratulations began pouring In on
Senator-elect Frank P. Flint from
every -part of the State soon after his
i election and by night scores of them
| had accumulated. Motley H. Flint,
j brother of the successful candidate, was
' made custodian of these after they had
been read by the latter. Among the
most important was one from the
mother of the victorious candidate. She
wired early this afternoon: "Mother's
warmest congratulations, God bless my
j boy.
"MRS. ALTHEA L. DANSKIN."
From his wife the following was re
ceived:
"Congratulations and love from your
family, we are all proud of you.
"MRS. FRANK P. FLINT."
The candidate smiled his happiest
when reading these messages from his
loved ones.
From Los Angeles, where he seems to
be sojourning at the present time, came
the word of W. F. Herrin. He sent the
j first message. "I heartily congratu
j late you and wish you all the honors
j that can be attained in the eminent
j position to which you have been
i elected. WILLIAM F. HERRIN."
I "Accept my hearty congratulations.
* *
Union League Club to be the honored
guest at a reception to be given by
it Sunday night was declined, as Flint
is to be tendered a reception In Los
I Angeles Friday night.
*
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR—"Lo« River."
CALIFORNIA—BIack Pattl Trouba
dours.
COLUMBlA—"Salammbo."
CENTRAL—Minstrels.
CHUTES—Vaudeville.
FISCHER'S— Vaudeville.
GRAND—"The Darting of the Oo«Js."
Matjnee to-day, ""Katherlne and Pe
truchio" and " Madame Butterfly.**
LYCEUM—Vaudeville.
LYRIC HALL—Burton Holmes.
MAJESTIC— "Miapah." Matinee to
day.
ORPirEUM—Vaudeville. Matinee to
day.
TIVOLI—Grand opera.
■1'
Prune pickers here all rejoicing."—O.
A. Hale of San Jose.
"The Union League Club of San
Francisco congratulates you and begs
to tender you a reception Saturday
evening. January 14." —George H. Pip
py, president; J. B. Fuller, secretary.
"Congratulations received for both
yourself and our State. The lunch
contingent is jubilant. Your return
anxiously awaited by Henshaw, Ham
ilton, Fortman. Dingee. Metson, Ler
men and Rudolph Herold Jr., San
Francisco."
"Well done and heartiest congratula
tions."—F.W. Henshaw, San Francisco.
"Accept our congratulations upon
your splendid victory."—Equitable Sav
ings Bank, Los Angeles, by Archibald
Douglass. Charles S. Bradford and P.
F. Johnson.
"Congratulations. A man of destiny.
Beveridge and Flint next national tick
eL"—C. A. iotilson, Los Angeles.
"Delighted"—C. S. Walton, Los An
geles.
"Accept my sincere and hearty con
gratulations. We all rejoice in your
j success."—Bradner W. Lee, Los An
! geles.
"Republican City Central Committee
j tenders its congratulations and is
proud of your success."—D. C. McGar
j vln, chairman, Los Angeles.
"Most cordial congratulations and
best wishes for successful Senatorial
career." —Erskine M. Ross, Los An
geles.
Continued on Page 2, Column l»
PRICE FIVE CENTS.2
SENATOR-ELECT FLINT
IS CONGRATULATED BY
HIS ADMIRING FRIENDS
BRIEF SESSION OF SENATE.
Emmons Introduces Two Important
Amendments to State Constitution.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 11. —In the
Senate this morning Emmons present
ed a constitutional amendment pro
viding for the framing and adoption
of county government acts by voters
and a constitutional amendment pro
viding for direct nomination*.
An Assembly joint resolution was
introduced by Senator Lynch, .provid
ing for the establishment of a nation
til park at The Pinnacles," San Benito
County.
After the programme attending the
taking of the joint ballot had been
concluded the Senate reconvened and
immediately adjourned until to-mor
row morning at 11 o'clock.
NEW BILLS INTRODUCED.
Large Batch of Proposed Laws I Pre
sented to the Slate Legislature.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 11.—The fol
lowing bills werv introduced ih the
Senate to-day:
By Haitian—Appropriating' JiO.OOO for an
assembly .hall at the t*rest<'.n School.
B} Emmons— Authorizing the Mayor*, boards,
or Police Commissioner!?, Superior Judges, Sher-"
iffe and the presidents of boa-d» 01 trustees
to iseue permits to carry eonciiiled weapons.
By Cogging—Relating to the preservation
and nrotection of came.
By I-ukens —Enabling boards of Supervisors
to divhlf counties on the petition of one-fourth
or the voters. \
By Lukens—To appropriate $23,000 for the
erection of a dormitory at the OaklacJ In
dustrial- Blind Home.
By l.ukens—To appropriate $25,000 for the
erection of a workshop at the Otikland Indus
trial Blind Heme.
By Ralston—To appropriate .$5C10 for a re -
lrigerating plant for the Preston School of In
dustry.
By Ralston—To appropriate $3000 for the irn
provemeot of the water system at the Preston
bchoul of Industry.
By Ralston—To appropriate $25,000 for re
building the trades building at the Preston
School o-' Industry.
By Deavitt—To prevent vaccination being
made a precedent to admission to the public
Hchools.
By Broughton—Pre vlding for the sale of
street railroad and other franchises In coun
ties and municipalities.
By Emmons —To declare oil pipe lines com
mon carriers.
By Diggs— Appropriating $250,000 for the
purchase of a farm for the use of the Agricul
tural College of the University of California.
By Emmons—To provide for the destruction
of gophers, squirrels and other wild animals
arid authorizing their extermination on private
lands.
By Emmons—Compelling corporations to file
verified serai-annual statements.
The following bills were introduced
in the Assembly:
By Jontf of Tuolumne —To provide for the
location ar.d construction of a State highway
from a point near Merced Falls to the 1'osem
tte National Park.
By Espey—To prohibit betting upon horse
racing.
By Drew—RelaUng to the adoption of
children
By McGowan—Regulating the practice of
mcd ieinc and providing for the appointment of
a tioard of medical examiners.
By Dorsey—To regulate the employment and
hours of child labor.
By Thompson—Providing for the furnishing
and using of air brakes on all street cars
operated by electricity or steam power.
ay Di'ryea—Providing for the construction
of a State highway to Tahoe City from a
point on the Tahoe State road.
SIGNIFICANCE OF TERMS
"PHYSICIAN" AND "DOCTOR"
Latter Term Now Very Promiscuously
Applied to Many M'rongfully.
The Society of Medical Jurisprudence
on Monday night took action leading
toward the stricter and more exact use
of words, which ought to be commend
ed by all people having at heart that
feature of good English style. Hereafter
the society is to designate its medical
members as "physicians" and not as
"doctors." One of the most frequent
mistakes made by people who use the
language loosely is the employment of
generic words where the specific are
demanded.
Few persons realize that a physician
is a doctor, but that there are plenty of
doctors who are not physicians. The
elements of etymology show that doctor
means teacher, the Idea being, of
cuurse, that a man who has attained a
doctorate in any subject is so well
versed in that subject that he can
teach it
The medical practitioner's occupation
is that of a physician, and his title is
that of doctor simply because after a
rigorous course in medicine the
academic degree of doctor of medicine
has been conferred on him. If a man
has a doctorate in laws or in divinity
he is as much entitled to be called
"doctor" as he who has a doctorate in
medicine. Yet we constantly hear peo
ple say, "He's a doctor," meaning a
physician, as If "physician" and "doc
tor" were necessarily synonymous.—
New York Tribune.
Nationality of Newcomers.
What a cosmopolitan nation this is
getting to be! »Of last year's immi
grants the greatest number, 193,296,
came from Italy, a decrease of 37,326
from the previous year, while 177,156
came from Austria-Hungary, a de
crease of 28,855; 145,131 from Rus
sia; 46,380 from Germany, an Increase
of 6294; 38,626 from England, an in
crease of 12,407; 36,142 from Ireland,
an increase of 832; 27,763 from Swe
den, a decrease of 18,265; 23,808
from Norway, a decrease of 653;
11,343 from Greece, a decrease of
2747, and 11.092 from Scotland,'an in
crease of 4949. Of the Oriental coun
tries Japan furnished the greatest
number of immigrants, 14,264, a de
crease of 5704. while China supplied
4300, an Increase of 2100.—Boston
Globe.
CHICAGO, .Tan. 11.—Witn a pistol and razor
John Miller, a cook, killed his wife and Infant
daughter to-day, fatally wounded another
young daughter and then attempted suicide.
Jealousy Is believed to have been the cause.
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
WASTING AWAY
It's the small but constant
loss of flesh that indicates
physical waste — the gradual
slipping away of healthy flesh,
pound by pound, which no
ordinary food seems to re
store. Scott's Emulsion will
restore it. This Emulsion is
the greatest flesh builder ob
tainable. Scott's Emulsion
first stops the wasting—that's
one gain. Then when it sup
plies new flesh and takes one
back to normal strength and
weight, that's another gain
and a big one.
We'll send you a sample, free
SCOTT ft BOWNE, 409 Pearl Street. New Vats,
Continued* From Page 1, Column 1.
"Accept sincere congratulations on
your election and best wishes for the
future." —Gregory Perkins, Los An
geles.
"The State should be proud of its
Senator. Heartiest congratulations."—
I Jesse E. Marks, San Francisco.
"We all rejoice with you. Accept our
| congratulations."—The Allen family,
Los Angeles.
"All hail my dear Senator."—Guy C.
Earl. San Francisco.
"Sineerest congratulations, and Ber
lin's good wishes repeated and empha
sized." —James A. Foshay. Los Angeles.
"I knew when they struck a Flint the
sparks would fly. My heartiest con
gratulations."—L. L. Bromwell, San
| Francisco.
"Shake. Am glad to be home in time
ito extend congratulations to you."—
I Frank W. Wiggins, Los Angeles.
! "Congratulations. Am sure your ser
vices as United States Senator will re
| dound to the honor and glory of your
self and the State of. California."—Le
i roy A. , Wright, Los Angeles.
, - Among other telegrams were the fol
' lowing; , • - t .
"Please accept my heartiest congrat
ulations on your election as. United
States Senator. I wish you every pos
sible success."—l. W. Heilman, San
Francisco. « •
"Accept .my heartiest congratula
tions and heartfelt sympathy. May see
[ you Friday night."—U. S. Grant Jr.,
: San Diego.
i "Good boy. Hearty congratulations
1 from Uncle Billy."—W. P. Workmap,
Los Angeles. .
The following letter from George A.
Knight was sent to the Flint headquar
f ters: — '
"SACRAMENTO, Jan. 11.
"To Hon. Frank P. Flint, Senator
'• elect —Dear Friend: When I write you
'my congratulations on the result of
j the vote this morning I want yaw to
| know that it is not merely formal. Our
j friendship has been genuine, and noth
; ing has occurred during the fight for
j Senator that has made any difference
! between us. Tou are elected to a great
j office. I wish you all the success that
, may come from its fulfillment, and
j know you will do all you can for the
j people, your party and the nation. Sin
! cerely yours.
"GEORGE A. KNIGHT."
Henry T. Oxnard called on Flint be
fore leaving for San Francisco and ex
pressed his good will and friendship.
Frank T. Brandon and others of Bard
supporters extended the hand of con
gratulations to the victor.
Otto Gerberding was called to Liver
more yesterday by the illness of his
sister. Senator Bulla and Thomas
Hughes of Los Angeles, also Bard sup
porters but old friends of Flint, called
to felicitate him. Brigadier General
Wankowski and W. I. Foley of Los
Angeles'arrived in town to-day and
were among those to congratulate
Flint.
To-morrow there will be little left to
indicate that a Senatorial fight with
four candidates in the field had just
come to a close.
Henry T. Oxnard went to the Haggin
ranch to-night and will leave for San
Francisco to-morrow.
Hand Control of Torpedos.
"Every country has Its heroes, and
it is refreshing to read something of
the heroic In the history of countries
south of us," said a thoughtful man.
"In a recent history of South America
attention is called to a number of
things which tend to show that the
popular estimate of valor and heroism
in that section of the world may not
be altogether the correct one. It is
related that once the Peruvian monitor
Huascar fought against three Chilean
ships.
"After both Admiral Grau and his
flag lieutenant were killed. Captain
Aguirre took command, was killed, and
then succeeded by Captain Carbajal,
who was put hors de combat by a shell.
The command devolved then on Lieu
tenant Rodriguez, who was killed, then
on Lieutenant Palaciaus. who was dis
abled, and finally Lieutenant Gareyon,
with the ship on fire, three feet of
water in the hold, and with a loss of
haif his officers and crew, was forced
to strike his flag. On July 23, 1870. the
Huascar was in action against the
Chilean ship Abtao. Torpedoes at that
time were not much understood, and
one being fired from the Huascar.
through faulty mechanism returned
back straight upon the ship. Seeing
this, and knowing that If the ship was
struck she must sink, Lieutenant Diaz
Cansco jumped overboard and in the
water with his hands altered its course
just before it came ln contact with the
ship."—New Orleans Times-Democrat.
New Way of Gilding.
One more proof that all is not gold
that glitters is found in the fact that
much of the gold lettering seen on
signs and also much of the gilding of
picture frames has no gold whatever
about it. Among laymen the opinion
prevails that all such decoration re
quires the actual use of gold leaf, but
the reality is different and a substi
tute that defies detection lid's been
widely used for some time. The exact
effect of gold is secured by using "a
leaf of either silver or aluminum un
der yellow paint. $ The metal backing
gives the required luster and the paint
gives the required color. This method
cannot be used in all cases, because
the paint Is of peculiar quality and
requires putting on with an even
thickness. For this reason It Is gen
erally applicable only to flat surfaces.
Parts of a gilded picture frame which
are molded into waving surfaces gen
erally require genuine gold leaf to
cover them.—Philadelphia Record.
Felt Bound to Do So.
Representative BrownloW looks like
the Tennessee mountaineer that he is.
Stocky and broad, he tips the scales
at considerably over 200, as does Rep
resentative Sims, to whom he was
talking recently.
"When I first ran for Congress,"
said he, "there were several candi
dates in the race. We had all as
sembled at a certain" town and were
on one platform at a public meeting.
There was a rough old fellow in the
audience, who was looking the aspi
rants over with a critical eye. One of
them had done him several favors
and he felt in duty bound to vote for
that man, who, however, he had never,
seen before.
" Not a very promising lot, are
they?* observed this mountaineer
philosopher after a while. "Them's
only the kind we used to run for Con
stable when I was a boy. Thar's my
candidate. I'd given $10 if I hadn't
seen him first.* " —Washington Post.
Many a young man doesn't propose
for the reason that he is afraid the girl
will say "yes.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1905.
SUFFRAGE FOR WOMEN.
Treadwell of San Francisco Presents
a Petition to Assembly.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 11.—The As
sembly adopted Senator Woodward's
concurrent resolution, memorializing
the Representatives of California in
Congress to oppose the enactment into
law of the suggestion of the Internal
Revenue Commissioner that a tax of 25
cents ocr gallon be levied on brandy
used in fortifying sweet wines, espe
cially in this State. The resolution sets
forth that the proposed tax would
bankrupt vitlculturists and destroy
property valued at millions of dollars.
' The Committee on Ways and Means
organized this morning and decided to
recommend the purchase of codes for
members of the Assembly.
A petition was presented to the As
sembly this morning by Treadwell of
San Francisco, providing that at the
next State election an amendment to
the constitution be submitted to the
people granting women the right, of
suffrage.
The petition bears the signatures of
President David Starr Jordan of Stan
ford University, Senator George C. Per
kins, Governor George C. Pardee,
George A. Knight, Henry J. Crocker of
San Francisco, Lovell A. White, Judge
Carroll Cook and Judge Frank J. Mu
raskey of San Francisco; Frank Mc-
Gowan. chairman of the San Francisco
delegation; Collector of the Port Strat
ton and W. S. Goodfellow of Oakland.
The petition was ordered printed in
the journal. »
The Assembly adjourned until to
morrow morning at 11 o'clock.
Recession of the Yosemite Valley.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 11.—A bill
for the recession of the Yosemite Val
ley was Introduced in both houses of
the Legislature. Belshaw presented
the bill in the Senate and Estudillo in
the Assembly. The measure provides
that the Yosemite Valley, as well as
the Mariposa big tree grove, be re
granted to the National Government
and be removed from the jurisdiction
of the State of California.
HOW TO IMPROVE
YOUR SECKEL PEAR
Its Size May Be Greatly Increased
by Proper System of
Grafting.
If the Seckel pear were ever as big
as it is gdod what a bouncer it would
be. writes a correspondent of the Agri
culturist. Exceedingly sweet, rich
flavored and melting, its one great
defect is lack of size. It is the aim of
every grower to raise the largest speci
mens possible, for it is size that takes
the premium every time. Some time
ago an old nurseryman let me Into the
secret of raising extra-sized deckels
and, as the Information was given
without any promise of secrecy being
exacted, my brother farmers are wel
come to share it with me—not that I
am ready personally to indorse it, for
I have not as yet made a test of It,
though intending to do so.
"If you want size In your Seckels,"
said the old gentleman, "bud them into
top branches of a Beurre Hardy tree
and you will be sure to get it." He
gave me no reason why the Hardy
should be especially selected for this
purpose. Assifming that it was be
cause it imparted some of its vigorous
growth into the slow-growing Seckel,
then one might suggest why not an
ticipate as good results if either of
those rank growers, Anjou or Diel,
were selected as the mother tree? Of
course, one cannot find in a nursery
catalogue Seckels advertised as having
been worked Into the tops of the
Hardy, but I suppose it would not be
an impossible thing to find a nursery
man who. at a reasonable price for his
extra trouble, would breed and supply
them on order.—Baltimore American.
Woman Kept Light 38 Years.
For thirty-eight years a woman has
kept the light off Santa Barbara. The
lighthouse is situated about two miles
southwest of Santa Barbara on a low
point of land, the light being 178 feet
above the sea. The tower rises from the
center of a small white building with
the usual red roof and green shutters,
with a tiny porch opening toward the
sea. .
The building was erected in 1856 and
its first keeper was Albert J. Williams,
the husband of Mrs. Julia F. Williams,
the present keeper. He received his ap
pointment when Franklin J. Pierce was
President. The light is a fixed white of
the first order, and may be seen seven
teen miles at sea. Just as the Civil War
was closing in 1865 Mrs. Williams was
appointed keeper in place of her hus
band, who had died, and she has had
the longest service of any keeper on
the Coast.
Mrs. Williams has been away from
her post but two nights in twenty-sev
en years, and does not go away in the
daytime save on Sunday, when she
rides into town fb attend the Congre
gational Church, of which she has long
been a member. The family came orig
inally from Maine. When they came
to the lighthouse in 1856 Mr. and Mrs.
Williams had two little daughters, and
while there two sons were born to them
and one child died.—Los Angeles Times.
Good Printing.
l If you want good, attractive printing,
the kind that brings business, call and
see us. We print business cards. letter
heads and all kinds of commercial sta
tionery. Prices right Sanborn, Vail &
CO.. 741 Market street. *
A girl is mighty clever to have a dif
ferent way to making a fool of every
different man.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if it falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box. 26c.*
+ , h
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Large Box of
BUTTER BRITTLE.
A Delicious Confection*
Made oy
THEOPOLD MORRIS & CO.
Free With Every Small Ad ln
Sunday Can.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
BADDELEY
A DAD MAN
SAY POLICE
More Evidence Showing His
Association With Train
Robber Gang and Murder
Theory Is Strengthened
BEST CLEW SO FAR
IX OAKLAND CASE
Detective Matheson at Work
Among Saloons That Have
Been Held Up Trying to
Have Suspect Identified
More evidence was gathered yester
day tending to show that Ben Badde
ley, who stepped unwittingly into the
toils of the law when he accused Mrs.
Minnie Segger. his former paramour,
with bigamy, has been asosclated with
"Black Joe's" gang of train robbers
in the Middle West.
The best theory that has been
evolved as to the identity of the mur
derer of Policeman George W. Brown,
who was shot down in Oakland a few
weeks ago, was developed yesterday,
pointing to Baddeley as the man who
fired the fatal bullet.
Deputy Sheriff Newsome of Stani
slaus County arrived in the city yes
terday and told of the contents of let
ters Baddeley had written to Mrs.
Segger, with whom he was infatuated,
in whiclv he stated that he was en
gaged In criminal operations in the
East He was in St! Louis at the
time, and among other things wrote
In one missive that he was about to
take a trip to the ex
pected to come back with a good
haul." These letters were forwarded
to Detective O'Keefe of Chicago some
time ago.
Detective Matheson. who is hand
ling the case, believes there is also
jrood ground to suspect the prisoner
af the murder of Policeman Brown
in Oakland, and is diligently working
an that phase. The general descrip
tion obtained from the several per
sons who saw the murderer running
iway after the shooting and from the
man whom he had just held up tal
lies to a nicety.
The murderer was described as five
s#et Aye or six inches in height. Bad
leley measures five feet five and a
half Inches.
The weight of Policeman Brown's
slayer was estimated at 140 pounds.
Baddeley weighs <12 pounds. The
roan who killed the policeman was
jaid to be of slender build, and this,
>00, fits Ac suspected train robber
md murderer.
The bullet that caused the death of
[he mounted officer was of 38 cali
3er. The revolver found in Baddeley's
-oorri after his arrest is of that cal
ber. \
KEST THEORY IN MURDER CASE.
"While direct evidence is altogether
acklng, 1 think the probabilities are
mffleiently strong to justify a thor
ough investigation on the theory that
t was Baddeley who committed the
murder," said Detective Matheson
yesterday. "It is certainly the best
;lew that has been developed so far.
[ believe that we have got our hands
jn a thoroughly bad man. While I
lo not regard Baddeley as a keen
*iminal, but rather one of the 'hobo'
:ype, I think many crimes could be
laid to him If his record were laid
oare."
The detective spent most of yester
lay visiting saloons and other places
that have been held up during the last
several months and seeking for some
Identification of Baddeley by means
3f a photograph.
"Bobby" Johnson, the welterweight
pugilist and husband of the woman ac
cused of bigamy, told Captain Burnett
yesterday of a cipher letter from
"Black Joe" to Baddeley, from which
It appears that the former accused the
latter of having robbed him. Trans
lated, the missive read: "Fetch back
that money yOu stole from me, or I
will hang you." Johnson said he had
destroyed the letter.
Deputy Sheriff Newsome says that
the three letters that were sent to the
Chicago detective were full of incrim
inating matter connecting Baddeley
with the gang of robbers headed by
"Black Joe," whose name is said to be
Joe Palmer. When Mrs. Segger first
Intimated to the Stanislaus authorities
that Baddeley was a train robber, De
tective O'Keefe was notified and he
came out from Chicago. But he said
the descriptions of the hold up men did
not agree with Baddeley, whose stat
ure was much too small.
Nothing has been heard from Chi
cago concerning developments ln De
tective O'Keefe's investigations. The
local police heard nothing from St.
Louis yesterday, not learning till late
In the day that O'Keefe Is connected
with the Chicago force. It is expected
to hear from him ln a few days and
that further light can then be gained
on Baddeley's career.
MRS. SEGGER ARRAIGNED.
The charge of bigamy against Mrs.
Segger, preferred by Baddeley in
revenge because she had married John
son, was taken up by Judge Mogan
yesterday, but at the request of the
District Attorney was put over to Jan
uary 13 that records may be looked up.
l'he woman said Bhe thought Segger
was dead when she married the fighter.
She lived with Baddeley for eighteen
nonths at Newman, Stanislaus County,
where they kept a dance hall, "and since
rhe left him, she says, he has never
:eesed his pleadings for her to return
to him. She still adheres to her orig
nal story as to Baddeley's record, and
aer anger toward her accuser has not
ibated.
Captain Burnett last night had Ed
P*inn, better known as "Mickey,"
irought before him, Finn having been
in associate and roommate of Baddeley
'or some time. He, too, had seen the
etters that Mrs. Segger received from
he suspected train robber and had also
leard Baddeley make mention ln a
reneral way of his exploits. Finn was
convinced, he said, that the prisoner
SOLDIER THUG
SHOOTS VICTIM
J. D. Bulger Is Held Up and
Wounded Inside Gate of
the Presidio Reservation
ONE FOOTPAD ESCAPES
Lieutenant G. C. Mullin and
Three Privates Arrest
Highwayman Near Scene
Two soldiers held up James D. Bul
ger last night just inside the Seventh
avenue gate of the Presidio. Because
Bulger resisted one of the soldiers,
Private George Caesar, fired point
blank at him. The bullet made ah ugly
flesh wound in Bulger's head. Caesar
was caught shortly afterward by Lieu
tenant George C. Mullin and three pri
vates of the guard.
The hold-up took place shortly after
8 o'clock. Bulger entered the Presidio
gate and was walking through Lovers'
lane. Two soldiers suddenly darted
from behind a clump of trees. One of
them leveled a revolver and ordered
Bulger to throw up his hands.
"Be hanged if I will," retorted Bulger
and reached for his pistol. The thug
sprang at the civilian and beat him
on the head. Bulger attempted to
strike back, whereupon the soldier
fired. Bulger fell stunned and the
highwaymen fled.
Lieutenant Mullin, who was officer of
the guard at the Twentieth Infantry
cantonment, heard the shot. Taking
three men, he ran up the road in the
direction from which the sound came.
As the men reached the spot where
Bulger lay they saw a man skulking
through the brush. They ordered him
to come forth. He obeyed and when
searched two revolvers were found, his
own and one which Bulger identified as
his.
The footpad and his victim were
taken to the Twentieth Infantry Regi
mental Hospital. There a sergeant
identified the criminal as Private
George Caesar of Company I, Tenth
Infantry. Bulger declared In the pres
ence of twenty privates and Lieutenant
Mullin that Caesar was the man who
shot him. Oetectives Dinan, Wren and
Reynolds were detailed on the case, but
Caesar is held by the Presidio authori
ties pending action of the commandant.
Bulger's son was robbed near the same
place a few months ago. Caesar's
"pal" Is still at large.
SHOT DOWN IN THE STREET.
Henry Smith Fires Two Bullets Into
J. R. McCann.
Joseph R. McCann, a stonecutter,
was shot twice and probably fatally
wounded by Henry Smith, a worthless
character, at Taylor and Eddy streets
shortly after 3 o'clock yesterday af
ternoon. .They had begun a quarrel
in a nearby saloon, but Smith was or
dered out. McCann waited in the sa- I
loon for a quarter of an hour, think- |
ing that Smith might go away, but i
McCann found Henry Smith \ind a
brother, Fred Smith, waiting for him. i
According to bystanders. Smith '
drew his revolver after a number of
hot words and McCann closed on him j
and tried to pinion his arms. But '■
Smith fired twice, one bullet piercing
a lung and the other entering the ab- i
domen. The infuriated Smith tried to
shoot again, but Andrew Roberts, a !
spectator, ran up and wrested the
weapon from him.
The quarrel in the saloon is said to
have started over some statements al
leged to have been made by McCann
concerning Smith's mother, who con
ducts a shady resort at 115 Mason
street. It appears that the McCann
and Smith families lived together a
number of years ago and bitter feel- j
ing arose between them.
It is said that the victim has a fair
chance of recovery. To the police
Smith said his memory was an utter
blank as to what had occurred. He
has a bad reputation, being an asso
ciate of depraved men and women of
his class.
» ■
STEPFATHER SHOOTS BETRAYER.
Tells Police That Victim Wronged His
Stepdaughter.
Suddenly pushing through the
swinging doors of a saloon at the
northeast corner of Bryant and Fourth
streets yesterday afternoon at S
o'clock, Thomas Dougherty sent a bul
let Into the body of Frank Teirnan,
who was standing at the bar. Teir
nan dropped to a chair and exclaimed
that he was shot. Word was sent to
the Southern police station and Cap
tain SplUane detailed Patrolmen Till
man and Gaston to investigate. They
had Teirnan conveyed to the Emer
gency Hospital, where Dr. Carl G,
Wilson made an examination of his
injuries. It was found that the bullet
had entered at the sixth rib on the
left side under the shoulder blade,
passed through a portion of the spinal
column and into the 16ft lung.
In the meantime Officers Clay and
Dowd went to the residence of
Dougherty at 25% Welch street and
placed him under arrest on the charge
of attempt to commit murder. The
accused was taken to the Emergency
Hospital, where he was Identified by
Ttirnan.
The wounded man was sulky and
uncommunicative and declined to
throw any light on the trouble that
led to the shooting. Not so, however,
with Dougherty, who declared that
before Teirnan had been sent to the
County Jail for petty larceny he
had betrayed Dougherty's step
daughter, Florence Whitehead, a
girl 15 years of age. Since his re
lease from jail last Monday he re
newed the girl's acquaintance and
kept her from her parents against
+ *
had a bad record, but had no definite
Information to give the captain of de
tectives.
Finn was unable to give any light on
the movements of Baddeley that would
tend to connect him with the Oakland
crime.
"We have not yet succeeded in fast
ening anything on Baddeley, but I am
sure that we have a bad man ln cus
tody," said Captain Burnett as he
closed his office last night. "I think
there Is much opportunity for hard
work on the case."
Olippppprk FROM "RR OF L» NC.S
OUI I LI\LL" cq .OM rN , WfMJgfl
fro
Ind., as follows:
/\ PLAIN TALK "I a/n pleased to endorse Peruna, as I
too* /f a6ovf a year ago and it soon
On a Plain Subject in Plain *?WJ" * *»■
* wA/cA threatened to be serious.
Language. "The lungs were sore and inflamed, I
coughed a couple of hours every night.
The coming winter will cause at least *" d * felt that some!ihingmust be done
one-half of the women to have catarrh. he *£*™l «?l™tLf ~*
colds, coughs, pneumonia or consump- ' * c J? n \™ll? u *l% —JVnJ
tion. Thousands of women will i lose ' r . ,e I nd * w , ho '„ °£
their lives and tens of thousands will e ' r A dvi :* « ™£h v
. aeoulre some chronic - ail- • was able to br, nS about a speedy cure.
I\EEP will j *J* «g dorsement and
PERUNA r,ever recover. thanks fur the good it did me.
iIM THE I nless you take the nec- SOUUf Ing the Praises Of P«ri.ni.
•n i lit essary precautions, the "
HOUSE. chances are that you (who Mrs. Francis Wilson. 32 Nelson St .
I read this) will be one of Clifton. Mass.. writes:
the unfortunate ones. Little or no risk "Had you seen me at the time of my
need be run if Peruna is kept in the i illness and now, you would not wonder
house and at the first appearance of any 1 that I take delight in sounding the
symptom of catarrh taken as directed on ; praises of Peruna.
the bottle. "My ailment was a severe cold which
Peruna is a safeguard, a preventive, attacked the bronchial tubes and lungs.
sumption, etc. after using six bottles cf Peruna t wis
For free medical advice address Dr. S. 0 „ m/ fget agam , thif . k p ßruna a won .
B. Hartman, President bf The Hartman ' ■ ~
Sanitarium. Columbus, Ohio. dsrtul median*.
their wishes. This act displeased
Dougherty and yesterday Teirnan
called at the Welch street house and
Informed Mrs. Doughqyty that he was
going to "flix" her husband. Dough
erty armed himself and went out to
find his man. Teirnan at first stated
that he resided in Oakland but his
relatives contradicted this and stated
that he resided with his mother at 820
Folsom street.
EARTHQUAKE SHOCKS
NOT DUE TO BLASTING
Only a Few Small Charges Exploded
Recently for Grading of Bay-
Shore Line.
Attorney J. H. Foulks of the South
ern Pacific Company and H. E. Whit
ley, who has the contract to grade the
company's bay shore right of way,
satisfactorily explained to the Super
visors' Street Committee yesterday
that the recent earthquakes were not
Men, I Want to Talk to
You About This Belt.
I want to talk to men who have pains and
aches, who feel run down physically, who re-
WL 4 alize that the old "fire" and energy which was
wjL so evident in youth is absent now; men who
can't stand the amount of exertion they couid
• j&t t * iat means y° u — to see
/■V s<L others, who were just as
/ troductioi* If a friend in
'/ frill ■ XJ^'vK^ \lawSKim' , whom you had confidence
j \ presented some one to
\ / here's Brown; he has made
\ jf HKh IT! good with me, and I trust him,"
V wouldn't you trust him, too?
—" Now, if you don't feel right,
/ I'itßl- *H can cure y° u w i tn my Electric
/ Belt. If you are full of rheu
/ matic pains, I can knock them
i iHw out " * can pour °'' into y0U t
iU joints and limber them up.
/■ v nave Olten sa d that pain and
AM electricity can't live in the same
/'■ 1 U /I H ra house, and I prove it every day.^
him '/ Al 'IH fm Mr. L. J. Barnett of Tillamo.>k. Or..
hm >' \\\lWßßmmm\\ writes: "Your treatment certainly does
fffl / i iWlmSmt m\ w hat no other can. for It has cured me
ill ' / iliiiPßH I cannot praise the Belt too highly, and
////ill gladly recommend it in any case of vital
If It were not for the prejudice due to
miifil/H the trreat number of fakes In the land
'filifHl/fll 1 would not be able to handle the husI
ifIIIFUWBJIWJI nee a that would come to me. The "Free
Belt" fraud and the ''Pre* Drag" scheme,
which are not free at all. have male every one skeptical, hut I know that
X have a rood thine, and 111 hammer away until you know it.
One thing every man ought to know is this: Your body is a
machine. It runs by the steam in your blood and nerves. When you
begin to break down in any way you are out of steam. That's just
what I want to give you back.
Z have, a cure In •very town. Tall me where yon live and Z will give
yon the nam* of a man I've cared.
Tell me your trouble and I will tell you honestly whether I can
cure you or not. If I can't cure you I don't- want your money. I
have been in" this business 22 years, and I am the biggest man in it
to-day by long odds, and I am growing yet, because I give every
man all he pays for. -»
Now, wouldn't you rather wear my life-giving appliance while
you sleep every night, and feel its glowing warmth pouring into you
and feel yourself taking on a new lease of life with each application,
than to clog your intestines up with a lot of nauseous drugs? Surely.
Try me.
Mr. Abraham Spady of Alcatra*. Cal.. writes: "I am cured of all my
former ailments, and you have my heartfelt gratitude for what your
treatment has done for me."
If you will come and see me I'll explain it to you. If you can't
call let me send you my book, full of the things a man finds inspir
ing to strength and courage.
Put your name on this Coupon and send it in. 1-12-05
DR, M. C. MCLAUGHLIN. 90« Market St.. San Francisco:
Send me your Free Book, closely sealed, and oblige:
NAME
ADDRESS
due to the blasting now going on near
the Six-Mile House. Foulks said that
only a few small blasts had been ex
ploded. The communication from
John F. English alleging that the
blasting caused the shocks was placed
on file.
The Board of Works was requested
to look Into the complaint of the Mis
sion clubs that the railroad bridge and'
its approaches at Mount Vernon and
San Jose avenues are in bad condi
tion.
The petition that lifting jacks be
placed on street cars was placed on
file as being impracticable.
Commissioner of Works Aigeltin
ger appeared before the committee to
urge that some amicable agreement
be arrived at to repair the streets, but
was referred to the Finance Commit
tee.
MILWAUKEE. Wis.. Jan. 11.—Fire to
night ruined the establishments of the George
P. Zlgler Company, confectioners, and Ben
jamin Young, wholesale saddler. Loos 9260,001).SOLONS AGREE ON Flint to Succeed Bard IN THE SENATE
FLINT SECURES UNANIMOUS VOTE OF
REPUBLICAN LEGISLATORS.
BIRD WRITES
MANLY LETTER
Explains Why He Was Un
able to Leave W T ashington
and Return to Sacramento
•
(ili 1 EAT CREDIT DUE HIM
Remains at Post at Capital
of Nation to Look After
Some Important Measures
Special Dlsoatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. IL—Wonder
fcas been expressed among some of the
politicians that have gathered here as
to the absence of use of what they term
•'practical politics" on behalf of the
candidacy of Senator Thomas R. Bard
lor re-election. But the, explanation of
this condition does naught but reflect
the highest credit on Senator Bard, and
no better one can be given than that
contained in a letter bearing date of
January 2 written by Senator Bard to
State Senator Chester Rowell regarding
the Senatorial contest. This letter Sen
ator Rowell consented to make public
this evening. It is as follows:
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan- 2. IJWfl.—To
Hon. Chester Rowell, Sacramento, Cal.—My
Dear Lvrur: I regretted that I could not
"consistently send you this morning a mora
satisfactory reply to the telegram received late
last night, signed by yourself and Senators Bel
i-haw and Anderson and Assemblymen Perkins,
Drew and Pyle. l was very much terupted,
after announcing my inability to go to Sacra
memo immediately, to say to the six gentle
men who sent the telegram that 1 would leave
to them to do and say anything which in
their judgment it was proper for me to say
and do under all circumstances In respect to
promoting my candidacy. I feel absolutely
sure that what thes»e friends might recom
mend to do would be inspired only by honor
able motives, and that nothing that they would
do or say for me would In any degree com
mit me to any unwise, indiscreet or Improper
declarations or act. Still Ido not believe that
any authorization of that kind is needed. I
think that you especially will understand, for
example, lhat I will make no premises for
the distribution of patronage or the advocacy
of or oDposition to any private legislation meas
ure: that I would prefer to be defeated, and
dof.at"d by an overwhelming vote, rather than
to deviate from the line or conduct which I
have substantially laid down for myself In
to my candidacy in the old letters,
which were published and which constitute
1 c cniy announcement or my willingness to
be a candidate for re-elecUon.
PLACES FAITH IX FRIENDS.
1 can easily anticipate that my friends will
be called upon to say for me at least that 1
have no prejudices which will prevent me from
giving: proper consideration to the recommenda
tion of any representative Republican ln the
State; that I have no prejudices which will
prevent me from dealing fairly and honestly
with the interests of any section of the State
or any private Interests which may be In
volved In any legislative measure or policy In
which I may be called upon to participate.
There may arise some questions upon which
my attitude may with propriety be made
known In advance. I realize that my friends
and supporters may be unable to speak for me
ln such matters, and it is possible that I my
self might not have sufficient information orn
cernin.if audi matters to enable me, ln ad
vance, to express an opinion. But in a general
way it is practicable and proper. If necessary,
for a group of my most active friends, includ
ing always yourself, acting sn concert to com
mit me to some policies which are not the
mbject or conscience or concerning which I
have no formed or unalterable convictions.
I appreciate that exigencies may arise in my
absence where such action may be necessary.
I must lo.t.'Ss that the expression in this
telegram of oeiief that my presence at Sac
ramento is absolutely necessary seemed to be
en int (nation that things are not going along
quite satisfactorily and that the situation can
'only be improved by my, personal participation
In th» ranvasa. /That, you know, is distaste
ful to me, but nevertheless I realize that it is
my duty, whenever possible', to uphold the
efforts of my friends to re-elect me. If the
way were clear I would immediately start for
Eacramento. but several important duties de
volve upon me now.
REMAINS AT POST OF DITTY.
In the first place. Inasmuch as I am the
only Republican member of the Committee
en Territories who i s in opposition to the
Statehood i,;]| an especial responsibility rests
upon me in that matter, and as in all prob
ability the statehood bill will be taken up
for consideration immediately after Congress
•hall have reconvened and that the debate In
the Senate will consume several days and may
be postponed from time to time, I could not
possibly send 'you a more encouraging reply
to the telegram. There is 'a probability that
.the order now fixe.l by the steering committee
may be chanted an<! that the pure ,'ood bill
may be given preference over the statehood
bill. In such case there will still he some
uncertainty abdut my able to get away.
On the other hand (he statehood bill may be
firessed to a vote immediately, notwithstandi
ng there will be strong opposition, and l>e
disposed of in time for me to reach Sacra
mento before a decisive vote 'or Senator shall
be taken. It is very probable, however, that
the Important matters already referred to and
other more Important matter* which will be
referred to the Committee on Irrigation, of
which I am chairman, will r»nder it impos
sible for me. consistently, with my sense of
duty, to absent myself from my own com
mittee meetings and the Senate .hamper.
I am hoping that my attitude with reference
to the statehood matter may be appreciated
and approved by the people of my State. Mr
Beveridge gave notice that he would r a ]| up
the bill for consideration immediately after
the morning s?ssion of the 4th instant. Re
member, dear doctor, that while it may be
n disappointment to you if my candidacy shall
not be successful I shall not fret about the
result, and I hope thnt you will !>e reconciled
to it by the reflection that we will be free,
to go off on that long Journey around the
world which you have been planning for sev
eral years. Wishing j-ou. dear friend, a happy
New Tear, and many of them. I remain, yours
■tbcereiy, THOS. R. bard.
MOLD FOUND IN STOCKTON
FOR MAKING $5 PIECES
I*oliee Gather Xew Kviden<« Against
the Rus*cl!«, Who Arc in
Jail Here.
STOCKTON, J;in. It. —Recently
some ), opus five-dollar gold pieces were
found in circulation here, and to-day
an imperfect plaster of paris meld
' IB picked up in the western part of
town and brought to the police office,
l! was evidently intended as a mold
for spurious five-dollar pieces.
The police believe that It had been
l de by Russell and cast away as Im
perfect The discovery, together with
thi knowledge that bogus small gold
•.has been seen In circulation here,
strengthens the case against Jack and
. Kate Russell, now in jail in San Fran
cisco on a charge of forgery. The
police have evidence connecting the
mold with the Russells.
The Old Humpbacks
Are not to be compared to our new pat
ent back, flat-onenlng blank books, which
cost no more tHan the old style and are
infinitely better. We are agents for
lir ' typewriting papers. R esr al
pencils. Shaw-Walker filing devices, and
headquarters for all other office supplies.
• Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
All Other' Candidates
Gracefully Yield.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 11.—Frank P.
Flint of Los Angeles is to be the next
Senator to the United States Congress
from California. The decision was
reached at 9:50 o'clock this morning at
a caucus called by Flint's supporters
and held in the Assembly chamber of |
the State Capitol.
Undaunted by their failure to hold a ■
caucus last night, Flint's managers |
were active early this morning and by j
9 o'clock had secured seventy-five ;
names for the call. The roll-call was ,
responded to by sixty-six members of j
both houses, and there was not a dls- |
senting vote against the successful |
candidate.
Early this morning Arthur Fisk's j
supporters held a caucus and decided ;
to go over to Flint. They signed the i
call and went into the Flint caucus. ;
The call also drew several supporters |
from Bard and Knight.
The caucus at which the candidate '
of the Republican majority was. select- I
ed was presided over by Assemblyman |
John A. Bliss of Alameda, Assembly
man F. H. Houser of Los Angeles act
ing as secretary.
There was not the slightest hitch in
the caucus proceedings.
As soon as the roll had been called j
Senator B. W. Hahn of Los Angeles ;
made a motion that Flint be declared j
the caucus nominee, and a dozen sec- j
6nds were made.
SIGNERS OF CAUCUS ROLL.
The Senators who signed the caucus
call were:
Bauer. Bunkers, Carter. Coggins, French.
Halm, Haskina, Keane. Lukens, Lynch, Mar- !
key. Muenter, Nelson, Pendleton. Rambo,
Rush, Savage, Ward. Welch, Woodward. I
Wright
The Assemblymen who signed the '
caucus roll were:
Amerige. Anthony. Americh, Atkinson. ;
Rarnes, Bates, Beardsle*. Beckett, Bliss. Boy If,
Burge, Burk\ Busick. Cleveland. Cooper, Coyle. i
Cullen, Devils, Draw. Duryea. Espey. Gans, ;
Gates. Goodrich. Hartman, Held. Houser, Jar- ■
vis. .lohnson. Jones of San Francisco, Jiiff.
i.ucey. Lynch, McCartney, McKenney. McNa- :
mara, Melnoke, Mindham, Mitcheltree, Moore, j
Olmstead, Pfaeffie. Pyle, Severance, Slavin, I
Ptanton. Strohl. Thompson, Transue. Tripp. >
Voge!, Waste. ' Whiting, Wickersham and
Speaker Prescott.
Those who signed the caucus roll i
but who were not present to vote were
Senators Bunkers, Rush and Welch, '
md Assemblymen Barnes, Burge. Bu- |
sick, Johnson and Jones of San Fran- !
cisco.
Speaker Prescott had the roll of the
Assembly called and Lieutenant Gov
ernor Anderson called for a like ser
vice from Secretary of the Senate Hil
born. Anderson, retained the gavel,
conducting the remainder of the pro
ceedings.
When the nominations were called
for Senator Frank Leavitt rose and
said:
"It was my intention to take the
floor to-day and nominate George A.
Knight. But he has asked me to with
draw his name as a candidate and re
quests you to make the election of
Frank P. Flint unanimous."
BARD'S NAME WITHDRAWN.
Senator Charles Belshaw next took
the floor and said: "I had hoped that
the mantle of the Senatorship might
again fail on the shoulders of Senator
Bard. But as victory is to rest on
Frank P. Flint; it is the request of
Senator Bard's friends that you make
Mr. Flint's election unanimous."
Senator Edward I. Wolfe spoke in
similar strain* on behalf of Arthur G.
Fisk.
Senator Hahn moved that a ballot be
cast for United States Senator and that
formality was proceeded with.
When the Senate roll was called
Flint received thirty-six of the forty
votes, the Democratic minority voting
for Theodore A. Bell.
The calling of the Assembly roll re
sulted in 75 votes for Flint and 4 for
Bell.
Flint received 111 votea of the total of
119 cast. Bell receiving 8 votes.
Senators Hahn, Rowell, Selvage and
Wolte and Assemblymen Rolley, Per
kins, Jones of San Francisco and Hous
er were appointed a committee to con
duct FUr.t to the Assembly chamber.
Tumultuous applause greeted the an
nouncement by Lieutenant Governor
Alden Anderxon that Flint had been
elected. The members of the Legisla
ture who had been leaders In the Flint
camp rose to their feet and shouted in
ecstacy. . •
FLINT RETURNS THANKS.
Three cheers that reverberated
throughout the entire Capitol wefje
given as Frank Flint entered the
Assembly chamber, accompanied by
Governor Pardee and the escort of
Senators and Assemblymen. He was
at once presented with a huge floral
piece. j.
It waa some minutes before Flint
could rise to speak so great was the
applause. He said:
"Mr. President, Mr. Speaker and
Member* of the Joint Assembly—l am
deeply grateful to you, the representa
tives of the people, for electing me
United States Senator. I am grateful to
people who have opposed me in this
campaign or In "this contest for the
honorable way in which they have
made this fight. California may well
be proud that we have men like George
A. Knight, Senator Thomas R. Bard,
Henry T. Oxnard and Arthur Fisk.
They have elevated politics in Cali
fornia to a higher plane. They have
said to the world that a man may be
elected United States Senator In this
State with clean, honorable politics, no
scandal, no bitterness, and the applause
that I now receive shows me that you
feel that in this contest now closed we
may go back to our homes and our
people satisfied with the result that ha s
taken place here to-day, and I desire
to thank you. I represented in this
contest the sentiment that a Senator
should come from the south. Now,
that I am elected a United States
Senator, I represent no section, I rep
resent this entire State and the people
of the State and I : hall deem It my
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JANUARY 12, 1905.
duty to work for the interest of every
section regardless of where I may re
side.
"I desire to say that we have elected
a President of the United States by
an unparalleled majority. We. the
people of the United States, have con
fidence ln our Chief Executive. He,
through his message, has outlined a
policy and I want to say here that I
am in full accord with the policy of
the President as set forth In his mes
sages.
"I want to say Just one word and
then close. I in a short time will
leave for Washington and I there will
endeavor to be In accord with the
leaders of our party, but I shall keep
in mind one thing, and that is that I
represent this great State and what
may be for the interest of this State —
there you will find me. I thank you."
Senator Lukens asked that Gov
ernor Pardee be called on for an ad
dress.
"Governor Pardee has programmed
mo not to ask him to speak," said
Anderson, and Lukens withdrew his
motion.
CHEERS FOR THE VICTOR.
As the legislators left th*; Assembly
chamber at 1:15 o'clock, they made the
corridors ring with slogans for both
Flint and the defeated candidates.
Governor Pardee was raised aloft on
the shoulders of the enthusiastic law
makers and carried to his office.
Senator-elect Flint was accorded a
tremendous ovation as he left the Capi
tol. He was carried on the shoulders
of his admirers and. after visiting the
Governor's office, left for his hotel.
Frank Flint was highly elated over
his success. He held an informal re
ception at his headquarters, where he
was congratulated by his managers
and friends.
George A. Knight, one of the Sena
torial candidates, appeared at the Capi
tol after the caucus and gracefully ac
cepted his defeat.
"My defeat was Inevitable, so It
seems.'' said Knight. "There were cer
tain political combinations which made
it impossible for me to win. It might
have been different if the Senatorial
question had been submitted to a vote
of the people." he said.
CHOOSE A MAN
TO DIE BY DOT
Starring Sailors Adrift at
Sea Put to Extreme Test
Before Assistance Arrives
WATERFORO, Ireland. Jan. 11.—
The steamship Zeno arrived here to
day with the captain and twelve men
of the American steam dredge Texas
from Dantzig, via Southampton, De
cember 12 for Galveston, which foun
dered in a storm off the Hebrides.
The crew entered the small boats, but
one containing the chief officer and
twenty-one men sank immediately and
all Its occuoants were drowned. The
survivors drifted for several days be
fore being picked up.
They suffered terribly from cold and
hunger and state that just prior to
sighting the Zeno they had drawn lots
to decide which should be killed to
provide food for the rest.
The Texas foundered at midnight.
Christmas eve. Three of her boats
were launched but two of them were
swamped. The third, with the survi
vors, drifted fourteen days, the last
six of which they were absolutely
without food or water. One of the men
died from exposure. Tho remaining
thirteen suffered and drank sea water.
As a result their bodies were covered
with boils. One became insane and the
others were hysterical and almost de
mented when rescued.
Captain Pinott says they drifted 500
miles from the scene of the disaster,
280 miles northeast of Ihe Azores.
RUSSIANS 200,000 STRONG
GOING TO LOS ANGELES
An Entire Sect to Form a Big Colony
Near City in the
South.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.—Two hundred
thousand Russian Quakers are coming
to this country to establish a perma
nent colony near Los Angeles, accord
ing to P. A. Beamans, who claims to
have been at one time a captain in one
of the regimenis composing the Rus
sian Imperial Guard. Beamans says
he was banished from Russia several
years ago after he had become a mem
ber of the sect known as Molokanys
and refused to bear arms. He came to
this country and settled in Los Ange
les, where he at once set about arrang
ing for permanent establishment of the
colony of Molokanys. These arrange
ments have now become completed, he
says, and the first party from Russia
already has arrived here.
He is positive that the others will fol
low until the entire 200,000 believers in
the faith now in Russia have come to
thls*t:ountry.
AMERICA WILL PROTECT
RAILROAD IN CHINA
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.—The State
Department has informed the Chinese
Government through Minister Chen
Tung Liang Cheng that it regards the
Hankow-Canton Railway a# an Amer
ican corporation, pure and simple,
and as such entitled to the protection
of this Government; also that it would
not look with favor upon the pro
posed cancellation of the railroad's
franchise by the Chinese Government.
FLINT GREETS
MANY ADMIRERS
Reception Held in Parlor
of Hotel Draws a Large
and Enthusiastic Crowd
«
MAKES BRIEF ADDRESS
Senator-Elect Speaks a Few
Words, but Does Not Make
Any Reference to Politics
Special D:scatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Jan, 11. — Wine
flowed and cheers rent the air at the
1 Golden Eagle Hotel again to-night, the
occasion being a reception given to
Senator-elect Flint. The Los Angeles
spirit of enthusiasm was dominant.
There was a crush of people. Nearly
every legislator in town and hundreds
of other visitors called to pay their re
spects to the newly elected Senator and
partake of the hospitality offered.
The reception was held in the de
serted headquarters of Candidate
j George A. Knight, the parlor of the
hotel, and where that aspirant
! had just closed his losing fight
the shouts of victory rang. Several
handsome floral pieces sent by admir
ing friends stood at various places in
the room, one of thefh being from B.
W. Cavanaugh. and another from D.
Hewes, Flint's uncle.
The guests passed in through the
main door and out another toward the
rear, progress necessarily being slow
because of the crush in the room. In
one corner stood Mr. Flint with a
hf;nd-grasp for all, but before he
eculd be reached by them guests had
to be announced by a crowd of Los
.Angeles booster.-, who performed the
ceremony much after the fashion of a
I lodge initiation. The merriment grew
| greater earn moment.
Nearly everybody made a speech.
| Flint spoke a few words, making no
!mt ntton of politics. He said he could
| not find phrases adequate to- express
i his gratitude, but he wanted it under
, stood that he was grateful and that
' there had never been a moment of his
i liff- when he felt he ow ? ed a greater
debt of gratitude. He said he was not
the Senator of San Francisco or Los
Angeles but of the whole State.
Un.de Hewes, with his happy smile
and smoked glasses, was a prominent
member of the assemblage and was
congratulated by many of the guests.
Setiator Belshaw made one of the prin
cipal speeches. It was highly eulogistic
|of Flint and he even announced that
!he would support Flint six years from
! now. Mrs. Belshaw was brought in by
! her husband with four other ladies and
' three cheers were given for them. Then
cheers were given for Mrs. Flint and
Uncle Hewes called for three more for
the Senator-elect's mother and these
I were given heartily.
Oscar Lawler made a talk for the Los
Angeles delegation and Assemblyman
McGowan spoke from the shoulders of
a crowd of revelers, who thus elevated
him. Assemblyman Rolley was among
j the foremost of those shouting for
j Flint. Senator Selvage made a speech
of some duration. An orchestra dis
pensed music just outside the room
while the merry-making was going on
and there was singing.
FIFTY-THREE DAYS IN SNOW
WITH A VIOLENT MANIAC
WINNIPEG, Man.. Jan. 11.—Corporal
Field of the Royal Mounted Police has
Just arrived at Edmonton, the most'
northern railroad station in the North
west Territory, bringing with him a
maniac missionary. Corporal Fields
was stationed at Fort Chippeway. He
was directed to proceed to another sta
tion in the Arctic Circle and escort the
madman to Edmonton. He traveled
by dog sled, using seven dogs and
traveled light.
It took him fourteen days to reach
the station where he was to meet his
charge. Here he found a missionary
named Buckman. who had become a
raving maniac in the lonely solitude.
Then began his long Journey with his
demented charge. He had not pro
ceeded far when the missionary became
violent and it was necessary to strap
him to the sled. Then the man refused
to eat, scratching and biting Field
whenever the latter sought to force
food down his throat. For fifty-three
days' this journey continued through
blinding snowstorms and the wind
swept prairies. -*
Field finally arrived at Edmonton
with the madman, where attendants
took him 2400 miles to the asylum at
Brandon. Field was exhausted and is
now slowly recovering his lost strength
under medical care. He says It was
the most discouraging, lonely and dif
ficult trip he ever made and the # author
ities say it has never been equaled.
LONG BEACH PAVILION
DESTROYED BY FIRE
LOS ANGELES, Jan. ll.—The pa
vilion at Long Beach was destroyed
at midnight by fire of unknown ori
gin and the pleasure pier was partly
burned. An engine company went
from here by special train to fight the
Are. The pavilion cost $15,000 and
was insured for $5000. The damage
to the pier will reach several thou
sand dollars.
Season Opens in April.
CINCINNATI, Jan. 11.—The base
ball season of 1905 In the big leagues
will open Friday, April 14, and close
on October 5 or 8, the schedules of
the National and American leagues
providing for 154 games. President
Herrmann of the National Commis
sion has no Intention at present of re
signing.
NEWLY CHOSEN SENATOR
A WELL-KNOWN ATTORNEY
VERY ACTIVE IN POLITICAL AFFAIRS
UNITED STATES SENATOR-ELECT FRANK P. FLINT. SURROUNDED BY A CROWD OF ENTHUSIASTIC SUPPORTERS
AND ADMIRINC FRIENDS AT THE CONCLUSION OF THE CONTEST AT THE STATE CAPITAL WHICH RESULTED
IN HIS SELECTION AS ONE CF CALIFORNIA'S REPRESENTATIVES AT WASHINGTON.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 11.—Frank P.
Flint, the newly elected Senator from
California. Is 43 years of age, a man of
family and an attorney. He spent fif
teen years of his life in San Francisco,
first as an employe of a large firm and
latterly in business for himself. He
has been a resident of Southern Cali
fornia since 1884, and of Los Angeles
since 1887.
Senator-elect Flint was born in North •
Reading. Mass.. July 16, 18S2. His j
father was F. E. Flint, a farmer of that ,
vicinity, who came to California in 1860 j
and making money at stevedoring ln
Ban Francisco, returned to his old i
home and married Miss Althea L. .
Hewes. In 1869 he, with his wife and j
son Frank, then seven years of age.
West to San Francisco. Some years
later he died in San Francisco.
The Senator-elect attended school in 1
SLAV WARSHIP
OUT OF ACTION
Cruiser Izumrud of the
Baltic Fleet Is Returning
to Kronstadt for Repairs
BERLIN, Jan. 12.— The Lokal An
zeiger's St. Petersburg correspondent
says that the Russian cruiser Izum
rud is returning Pa Port Said on the
way to Kronstadt in a badly damaged
condition. , \
The cruiser Izumrud, which is one
of the vessels of Admiral Botrovsky's
contingent of the Russian second Pa
cific squadron, with the other ships of
the fleet, was, according to a dispatch
from Suez to-night, expected to reach
that place at S o'clock on Thursday
morning. This is the first intimation
that any vessel belonging to Admiral
Botrovsky's squadron has been -dam
aged.
LONDON, Jan. 12.—Japanese cor
respondents of the Morning Post con
sider it not incredible that Japanese
men-of-war have reached Diego Gar
cia (Chagos Archipelago) and point out
that, although Admiral Togo is at
Toklo, other admirals are not Idle.
Vice Admiral Uriu, It is stated, has
been cruising in the vicinity of the
equator for some time past. The num
ber of vessels he has Is kept secret, but
doubtless h e is ready to do battle with
the Russian Baltic squadron whenever
it appears east of the seventieth me
ridian.
Vice Admiral Kamlmura's where
abouts is somewhat of a mystery, the
correspondents say, but possibly his
squadron Is In the China Sea, within
easy steaming distance of either the
Malacca or Sunda straits, but. anyway,
they declare, If Admiral Rojestvensky's
purpose Is to spend the ensuing weeks
ln cruising in the vicinity of Madagas
the Pacific Coast metropolis and at an ]
early age entered the employ of the <
firm of Blake, Moffltt & Towne. He I
subsequently embarked in the whole- 1
sale paper and bag business with his 1
brother, Motley H. Flint, the present 1
Postmaster of Los Angeles, at 420 Clay 1
street, San Francisco. In 1884 Flint re- ]
tired from the business and embarked 1
in the growing of oranges and walnuts I
upon the holdings of his uncle, D. E. 1
Hewes, in Orange« County. In 1887 he i
moved to Los Angeles and served as a I
deputy United States Marshal during -
the last part of Marshal Risley's term 1
and the early part of the term of Mar- I
shal Gard. While serving as Deputy
Marshal he studied law and was ad
mitted to practice in 1890. He then en- i
tered the office of United States Dls- j 1
trict Attorney M. T. Allen, and when I
Allen resigned upon the second election i
of President Cleveland Flint became .
the retiring District Attorney's partner. 1
car, it is not improbable that he will
find himself assailed by a torpedo fleet.
HINTS AT EARLY PEACE.
Russian Admiral Says Second War
Will Follow Lull in Fighting.
PARIS, Jan. 11.—The declaration
made by Vice Admiral Doubasoff. the
Russian member of the International
commission to inquire into the North
Sea incident, in an interview, to the ef
fect that an honorable peace between
Russia and Japan was likely to be con
cluded, is considered highly significant.
The Admiral, who is chief of naval
construction, says he submitted to Em
peror Nicholas last Thursday a plan
to complete the rehabilitation of the
navy. The Emperor gave It favorable
consideration and said it would be sub
mitted to the Council of Ministers.
"I am convinced," said Admiral Dou
basoff. "of the Immediate necessity for
the reconstruction of our fleet at all
the Russian and foreign shipyards, for
the purpose of , securing strength
sufficient to command supremacy at
sea. This Is absolutely indispensable
If we are to expect victory ln the next
war with Japan. The remnant of our
fleet is hardly more than debris and
entirely unequal to Japan's naval
strength."
The Admiral further said It was
necessary to recognise these conditions,
however painful they might be to na
tional self-love.
"Therefore," he said, "I do not hesit
ate to say that "we tend toward not
far-off peace. We will l«ave to the
Japanese Port Arthur and the territory
they now occupy In Manchuria. We
will set ourselves resolutely at work to
prepare an invincible navy, as this
peace will be but temporary and the
next time we shall be amply prepared."
PLAIN TALK TO THE CZAR.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 11.—Tire
Metropolitan of St. Petersburg In a ser
mon preached before the Imperial fam
ily at Tsarskoe-Selo yesterday, on the
occasion of the religious festival of
Christmas, drew a parallel between the
peace of the Gospel and the peace of
Flint soon became active in politics and
was among the earliest Californians
to advocate McKinley's nomination for
the Presidency. Upon that event tak
ing place he became President of the
Los Angeles McKlnley Club. As a re
ward for his activity during the cam
paign he was appointed United States
District Attorney of the Southern Dis
trict of California by President McKln
ley. He served for four years and then
accepted the position of attorney for
the Southern Pacific Railroad In Los
Angeles. About the middle of last July
he announced his candidacy for the
United States Senate.
Flint was married in 1889 to Miss
Katherlne Blocs of Los Angeles, whose
father was at one time a well-known
business man of Merced. They have
two children, a boy and a girl. Sena
tor-elect Flint's mother lives in Los
Angeles. She has married again and
her name now is Mrs. Danskin.
the world. In concluding he addressed
the Emperor as follows:
"Tour Imperial Majesty, may Goxf
grant that th« present war will soon
end. Above all, may God grant that
the angelic message of peace sink deep
er and deeper into the hearts of m;n
and that strife may soon end forever
on, earth."
In a leading editorial to-day the
Russ, while maintaining that the war
must go on, says: "But the fullest suc
cess is only achievable if the nation is
united," and declares that, after all.
"the question of peace or war abroad
is a minor matter. What Russia wants
is peace at home, as war at home is far
worse than that in Manchuria."
Then, in the plainest fashion, the
Russ sketches the internal conditions,
which it says "are tantamount to a
state of war. producing mortality
among the peasant children equal to
that of the battlefield." concluding with
the statement that the "work of regen
eration must begin now—we cannot
wait until the war in the Far East is
ended."
FLATHEAD CHIEF DEAD.
MISSOULA. Mont., Jan. 11.—Chief
Machielle, head of the Flathead In
dians, is dead as the result of being
thrown from his wagon. Chief Ma
chielle is well known at the White
House, having made several trips to
Washington In the interest of his tribe.
For many years the chief has been
recognised as the white man's friend.
His Influence over the Flatheads has
resulted in much good to settlers near
the reservation. Elaborate prepara-
tions for the funeral are in progress.
TICHENOR'S WIDOW DEAD.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11. —Alice Val
entine Burke Tichenor, widow of the
late James Frederick Tichenor, the
former president of the British Co
lumbia Copper Company, and mother
of Lady Cunard. died yesterday at her
home here. She was 60 years of age
and had been ill for some months. She
resided for several years in San Fran
cisco, where her first husband, F. Q.
Burke, died.
34
PRESIDENT YIELDS
SENATE HEARS
NEWLANDS' PLAN
Xevadan Presents Argument
for Federal Incorporation
Act for the Railroads
FOE NATIONAL CONTROL
Controversy Leaves Little
Time to Be Devoted to
the Statehood Measure
WASHINGTON. Jan. 11— The at
tention of the Senate to-day was di
vided between the statehood question
and governmental regulation of rail
toads. Newlands made a formal speech
on the railroads and at its close en
gaged in a controversy over the points
involved with Senators Spooner and
Foraker. All amendments to the state
hood bill except that relating to liquor
t raffle in Indian Territory were agreed
to.
Newlands addressed the Senate on the
joint resolution which he introduced
some days ago. which provides for a
commission with instructions to frame
a national incorporation act for the
< 'instruction of railroads engaged in in
terstate commerce. He said it was time
to ignore State lines in the operation
. and management of railroads, and add
ed that the power sought was constitu
tional and involved no contradiction of
the Democratic views as to the re
served powers of State and local self
government.
Foraker asked Newlands how he pro
posed to secure the reincorporation of
the various railroad companies as pro
posed by his resolution. Newlands re
plied that his measure is so framed as
to partially drive and partially coax
the rules.
Spooner raised 'he point that it would
he impossible by Federal enactment to
regulate commerce between the States.
Newlands replied that he did not con
tend that Congress had power to regu
late commerce confined exclusively to
any one State. He did contend, how
ever, that when the Government con
stunted a railroad no State had power
to tax it out of existence.
The statehood bill was taken up, and
an amendment which will hive the ef
fect of leaving the location of the cap
ital to the Legislature of Oklahoma waj
passed.
The amendment making a donation of
15,000,000 for the benefit of the public
schools of the proposed State of Ari
zona was adopted after striking out
the provision for the payment of in
terest on the sum.
Johnny Smart, Who Does Stunts.
lie is willing to experience any and
all chances to please Miss Jolly. In
next Sunday's Comic Section.
RIVAL RAILWAY BARONS
WILL END LONG FIGHT
Confirmation of Report That the 1
Northern Securities Case Is to
Be Settled.
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.—The report
that a settlement in the Northern Se- \
curities case had been practically
reached hy the Hill and Harriman in- I
terests was confirmed to-day by a high
official of a big Western road which j
has considerable at stake in the matter.
He added:
"Undoubtedly events are progressing
toward a final settlement of this tire
some and expensive litigation that will
be generally satisfactory to everybody.
The Burlington is to play a very prom
inent part in the setlement. It is prob- j
able that the Harriman interests are to I
. have an important voice in the control j
of the Burlington, and they do not care !
anything about Northern Pacific be- j
yond the fact that under the present j
arrangement it controls the Burlington
jointly with the Great Northern. The
strong financial interests of the country
are anxious to see peace and their good
offices are being used to that end. I
think it safe to say that an early set
tlement is at hand."
There is a story in Wall street that
the relations between J. P. Morgan and j
James J. Hill are no longer as cordial '
as they were. Financial interests gen
erally demand a settlement of the fight
in order that the enormous sums held
up in Great Northern and Northern Pa
< ifiv dividends may be disbursed. Hill
thus finds himself in a state of prac
tical financial isolation and has been
persuaded to yield to the suggestions
for a settlement.
I WILL GIVE $1000
iiilil'JlJh if I fail to cure any
IP\ CANCER
jB or Tumor I treat
■ml tfa „ an before It poleone
tSS vSE elcpp elands
7 U Knife INo Pain!
AfL Ho Pay Until Cured
* ,f i n M year* I have cured more
If cancers than any other doctor
I living. No X Ray or mherawin-
X dle - INVCSTIOATK
Mt Absolute Getrtitet
R-«--wiA LUMP IN
WOMAN'S BREAST IS GINGER
They always poison the glands in the armpit
and shoulder; then euro is often Impossible. Any
tumor, lump or sore on the LIP, FACE or any
where six months is nearly always cancer
They never pain until almost past euro. *
120 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE.
with symptoms and testimonials of thousands
cured whom you can see and talk with.
CKAMLEY CANCER INSTITUTE lac.
OR. S. R. and MRS. CHAHLEY, Managers
" Strictly Reliable." Two Lady Assistants.
Offices 25 Third St., San Francisco
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CAMBER
carters! Cl3 * E S!CK headache *
■it tie Genuine Must Bear
TIVER Fac-Simiie Signature
PRAISE MORALE
OF MORMONS
Two Prominent Idaho Gen
tiles Testify on Be
half of Reed Smoot
GOOD WORD FOR SECT
Former Senator McComiell
Refutes Statements Made
hy Former Witnesses
' WASHINGTON, Jan. 11—Testimony
i intended to prove that the Mormon
■ morale is of the highest type and to re
i fute the word of witnesses who have
I declared the contrary to be true was
I offered by counsel for Senator Smoot
to-day. W. J. McConnell, formerly a
United States Senator from Idaho and
twice Governor of his State, and Rep-
I resentatlve Burton L. French, a mem
j ber of the present Congress and re
; elected tor another term, were the
day's witnesses. It was the opening
session of the defense in the Smoot ln
vestigation. Both witnesses denied
many statements directed against the
■ Mormon church and Its alleged inter
ference in political affairs. Former
: Governor McConnell said that the gen
tile members of the Idaho Legislature
had not as high morals as the Mormon
' members, and that If it were not for
questions of geography and knowledge
i of legislative needs the interests of the
; State would be better served by an en
i tire Mormon Legislature.
Tn defense of the Mormons, McCon
nell said he considered the man who
took a plural wife and cared for her
and her children far better than one
who sustained illicit relations with a
woman and'abandoned her and her
children to the scorn of the world.
FRANTIC "RUN"
UPON A BANK
Policemen Obliged to Use
Their Clubs Upon a Mob
of Frenzied Depositors
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.—Three police
men and two Hebrew women were in
jured in a - ;run" on the State Bank in
Grand street, in the heart of the busi
ness section of the East Side, to-day
The "run" was attended by some sen
sational incidents. The 5900 persons
crowded about the bank became so in
sistent that they broke down an iron
ratling around a light-well in front of
the building, and it was only by des
perate clubbing on the part, of the
police that the excited and unruly mob
was prevented forcing many of its '
members into the well. The policemen
and women were hurt at that point.
The emergency police detail of the
Delancy-street station was finally
called out, and policemen were sta
tioned at interval of five or six feet
for two blocks on each side of the
bank.
The cause of the "run" was as ex
traordinary as the freturted character
of the "run" itself. Yesterday tht>f
was a rush of depositors to get their
money into the bank in tlnie to begin
to draw interest at once and the long
line of waiting depositors convinced
the excitable Hebrews that something
was wrong with the institution. Five
hundred persons waited in front of the
building last nisht and their number
quickly swelled to f>ooo uhen the bank
opened to-day. though not all that
number were depositors.
The bank, which has deposits of $10.
--505,000 and a cash reserve of $4,000,000,
and which. Cashier A. L Voorhees
says, earned 24 per cent profits last
year, sent for money early to-day and
$250,000 was brought by th£ wagon,
largely in specie. At the sight of the
money those waiting seemed only im
patient to get at it. The bank paid off.
the depositors as fast as possible. In
all It paid out to-day $55,000 and re
ceived In deposits $440,000.
Remarkable scenes attended the pay
ing off within the bank. The officers '
paid In two-thirds specie and one-third i
bills and some depositors were fairly l
overwhelmed by the amount of cur- I
rency thrust upon them when they
passed in their books. Immediately
upon getting their money Into their
hands and' becoming convinced that
the bank was able to pay them, the
frantic Hebrews became extremely
anxious to get their money into the
bank again, and several of them creat
ed scenes when the officers refused to
accept It. The depositors were paid in
specie to prevent a redeposit. as this
was the sixth "run" the bank has ex
perienced from equally trivial causes.
Payment of depositors was made up
to 6 o'clock to-night. Officers of the
bank declare it is absolutely sound and
can pay $4,000,000 at an hour's notice.
They received many offers of help to
day and declined most of them.
WELLS-FARGO MESSENGER
MURDERED IN HIS CAR
R. A. Latta, on the Run Between
El Paso and City of Mexico,
Killed.
EL. PASO. Tex., Jan. 11.—A tele
gram announcing the murder of R.
A. Latta, a Wells-Fargo messenger,
running between this city and Mexico
City, has Just been received by the
company- officials here. The body of
the messenger was discovered ln his
car. Latta's death is believed to have
been accomplished by robbers, but the
officials decline to state whether the
express car was robbed. They assert
that no details have as yet been re
ceived.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 11— Charles Murray,
charged with the murder of Charles Fobs,
who waa mysteriously kicked to death on the
streets several days ago. was discharged from
custody In Justice Chambers' court to-day be
cause of insufficient evidence against him.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1905.
EXECUTIVE URGES RATIFICATION
OF THE ARBITRATION TREATIES
Emphatic Talk to
the Big Men of
Congress.
Filibuster Operations
Will Prove ol
No Avail,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING.
WASHINGTON,Jan. 11.—Though Pres
ident Roosevelt has yielded to the Re
publican leaders of Congress on the
tariff question and there will be no re
vision ln the immediate future, he to
day took a decided attitude upon two
other questions and threw down the
gage of battle to those who care to take
It up. President Roosevelt has de
clared unequivocally that there must
be legislation Increasing the powers of
the Interstate Commerce Commission —
if not at this session, he will summon
an extraordinary session. He also
caused it to be understood that if any
attempt were made 4o alter the pro
posed arbitration treaties now pending
in the Senate they would be withdrawn.
Leaders in the Senate were told plainly
that the President desired the ratifica
tion of the treaties, and without the
slightest alteration.
It can be said that the President re
gards the interstate commerce question
as the paramount subject now before
the American people. At the confer
ence last Saturday he informed those
whom he had summoned into consulta
tion that in his judgment the question
of railroad freight rates was far more
important trran that of the tariff, and
that while he desired a readjustment
of the existing customs duties he would
not permit any radical differences in
't* Republican party on that question.
He said definitely that he would call an
extra session of Congress to consider
interstate commerce legislation unless
definite action was taken by Congress
at the present session. The interstate
commerce question involved a principle
dear to every right-thinking and right
minded American, precisely as the
whole matter of dealing with corpora
tions Involved a principle, and he would
fight for that principle with all the
power that he possessed.
At the same conference the President
informed the Senators that he desired
the arbitration treaties to be ratified.
The treaties now pending were nego
tiated by Seoetary Hay with the rep
resentatives of the powers, and all of
them were signed in Washington.
Thp conventions entered into were
with France, Great Britain, Germany,
Italy. Portugal, Switzerland, Spain and
Austria-Hungary. The President and
Secretary Hay felt in negotiating the
treaties that a lc-ng step toward uni
versal arbitration and consequently
universal peace had been taken. Both
have expressed surprise that an atti
tude inimical to the conventions should
have been assumed by some of the
Senators.
The President has impressed upon
members c-f Congress,particularly of the
Senate, that he regards the arbitration
treaties ana a formidable navy as the
best assurance of peace the United
States Dossibly could have.
The Senate Committee on Foreign
Relations to-day continued considera
tion of the arbitration treaties.
TALE OF A PURCHASED
SENATORSHIP IS DENIED
WASHINGTON. Jan. 11.—Senator
Knox and Senator Penrose of Penn
sylvania unite in saying there is no
truth in the story that the election of
Knox to the Senate was bought by
friends, who paid $500,000 ln notes
against Senator Quay, Senator Pierce
and other Pennsylvania State leaders,
held by the late S. W. Oliver of Pitts-
burg.
"The story is absurd and untrue,"
said Senator Penrose. "There never
were any notes like those mentioned
or any other kind of notes. Senator
Knox holds his seat without taint of
any kind. It is all a lie."
Senator Knox said: "The story is
untrue in every detail."
George T. Oliver, brother and ex
ecutor of Henry W. Oliver, says the
story is false. '
Newspaper Men Celebrate.
CHICAGO, Jan. 11.—Then twenty
fifth anniversary of the founding of
the Chicago Press Club was celebrat
ed here to-night with a banquet in the
flubrooms. In after dinner speeches
statesmen and authors of national
reputation, the invited guests of the
newspaper men, praised the power
and influence of the American press
in the highest terms. The principal
addresses of the evening were by
George Harvey of New York and
Governor Cummins of lowa.
Highest Authority Places Leslie
Sterilised Salt above all. No contamination.
No typhoid. Free running for table. Velvet
grain for kitchen. Ask for Leslie. •
Chicago Business Leader Dies.
CHICAGO. Jan. U.-r-Charles David
son Hamill, for many years one of the
leading members of the Chicago
Board of Trade and for two terms its
president, died to-day at his home in
Prairie avenue of hardening of the
nerves and brain trouble.
Commercial Calendar.—Closing out cheap.
Gabriel Printing Co.. 419 Sacramento 5t..8.F.»
to the congressional opponents of tariff revision,
BUT WILL insist upon railroad rate legislation
REPUBLICANS
NOT IN FAVOR
OF REVISION
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, POST
BUILDING, WASHINGTON,
Jan. 11.—"AH right," said
President Roosevelt to-day. "I
am willing to yield to the sen
timent of Congress and the
country on this subject. There
will be no Andy Johnson busi
ness about this."
And with that the tariff re
vision flag was hauled down
from the staff of the White
House.
"I"nolo Joe" Cannon. Speaker
of the House, won this capitu
lation from the President and
the tariff revisionists and there
will be no overhauling of the
Dingley law by the next Con
gress, in extra or regular ses
sion. Speaker Cannon called
upon the President to-day and
showed hlni the result of a can
vass of the House which had
been made under his direction.
This showed that whatever
might be the sentiment of the
public in favor of revision, the
overwhelming feeling among the
Republican members of Con
gress was against a general re
vision of the tariff. Cannon
told the President that 90 per
cent of the Representatives did
not want any extra session and
at best only a few of them were
in favor of a few minor correc
tions in the Dingley schedules.
The Herald and The CalV
made another canvass of the
Republican members of the
House to-day. The result tal
lies closely with that obtained
by Speaker Cannon. It shows
that 196 members out of a total
Republican membership of 210
arc opposed to an extra session
of Congress and a general re
vision of the tariff.
It Is now generally under
stood that the President will
confine Ids surplus energies to
an attempt to obtain railroad
rate revision and supervision.
Says President's Foot
Is Down Throat of
Wall Street.
Epecia: The Call.
BOSTON. Jan. 11.— Thomas W. Law.
j son issued the following statement to
j day under the caption "Wall Street's
j Mouth and Washington's Foot":
"The wider Wall street opens its
i mouth the further down the President
| rams his Coot. The able Senator from
j Rhode Island is, as every one knows,
', a partner by marriage to John D.
j Rockefeller, his daughter having mar
j tied young Johnle D. Therefore the
I talented Senator from the little State
is the constructive partner of John D.
j "He went to Washington for a sit-
I down with the President. That was
, sufficient for Wall street. The President
i was harnessed, muzzled and shackled,
so far as the tariff was concerned, and.
consequently, shackled, muzzled and
harnessed in regard to all other Wall
street affairs. Poor Wall street! It's
not only the Joke of the civilized world,
but it's rapidly monopolizing tear
drools as well.
"I herewith call attention to the fact
that while figuratively our President
only has one foot down Wall street's
throat, he will have both buried out of
sight there' shortly.
"THOMAS W. LAWSON.
"P. S.—l suppose Wall street will use
the fact of both the President's feet be
ing down its windpipe as a bull point,
and try to make the people believe that
it is swallowing him. T. W. L."
More Go to Jail in Denver.
DENVER, Jan. 11. —Four men were
adjudged guilty of contempt by the
Supreme Court to-day for conduct at
the polls at the recent election, and
were sent to Jail. E. H. Raedestki
waa given six months, William Ely
four months, John Thomas "three
months and Adam Fries two months.
Fries' sentence was suspended on ac
count of his advanced age.
Picture Frames
And an immense variety of mouldings
for framing pictures to order; also ready
made frames in all the new shapes and
every tint and color of mat boards and
binding papers made. Sanborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street. •
On Stage When Lincoln Was Shot.
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.—John Mat- '
thews, an actor, who for a time was
held In connection with the assas
sination of President Lincoln, died ar
his boarding-house here to-day. Mat
thews was Wilkes Booth's roommate
and one of his closest friends and was
on the stage in Washington when the
fatal shooting occurred.
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CAUL.
SMALL ADS.
A Large Box of
BUTTER BRITTLE.
A Delicious Confection,
Made by
THEOPOLD MORRIS & CO.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday' Call.
See Small Ad Page lor Further
Particulars.
Coast Delegation
Favors Dingley
Schedules.
Takes Leading Part
in Anti-Revision
Campaign.
Speclal Disaatch to The Call. ,
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.—The Pacific
Coast delegation In Congress, which is
taking a leading part in the propagan
da against tariff revision, made an ef
fort to get together to-day to arrange
for concerted action by all members of
Congress from the Pacific States. The
meeting called for this evening failed
of a quorum, however, probably for the
reason that, because of the announce-
ment that the President would not con
tinue to urge a change in the Dingley
schedules, it was not believed that
there was necessity for prompt action.
It is understood that the sentiment of
the Westerners is practically unani
mous in its opposition to any altera
tions of existing conditions.
All of the leaders of the House ex
cept Representative Payne, chairman
of the Ways and Means Committee,
who is ill, and Representative Tawney
are against revision. The work of
crystallising sentiment against revision
is being done by Representative Dal
zell of Pennsylvania and Grosvenor of
Ohio.
The friends of revision seem to be
taking no active interest ln advancing
their ideas in the House, but claim to
have many members in the various
delegations on their side.
Army Orders.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.—By order
of the War Department Private
Adolph P. Wagner, who deserted on
August 10, 1904, from Troop C, Third
Cavalry, and who was apprehended on
December 3 while serving as a private
in Company L, Thirty-first Infantry, at
the Presidio, San Francisco, will be
discharged without honor by reason of
desertion by the commanding officer at
Fort Yellowstone, Wyo. Private Wal
tc-' R. Myers, Company K. Fifteenth
Infantry, will be discharged without
honor from the army by the com
manding officer of the Presidio at
Monterey, on account of imprison
ment under sentence of a civil court.
California Postal Changes.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 11. —Fraud
orders issued by the Postofflce Depart
ment against the American Mercantile
Company. the Mutual Investment
Company. B. Warner Rice and D. H.
Fletcher, all of San Francisco, have
been revoked.
Postmasters were commissioned to
day as follows: California —Joseph
Smith, at Downey; ICdson L. Foulke.
at Gazette; Raymond W. Hoffiund, at
Bostonla. San Diego County.
RIPLEY WITHDRAWS HIS
REQUEST FOR A HEARING
tent* Fe's President Does Not Desire
a Reopening of Rebate Case
Inquiry.
CHICAGO, Jan. 11. —President E.
P. Ripley of the Santa Fe Railroad
Company, has withdrawn his request
for a hearing before the Interstate
Commerce Commission in the Colo
rado Fuel and Iron Company rebate
case. His reasons for this action are
given by him in the following tele
gram sent to the chairman of the
commission:
Since requesting a hearing in the matter of
the Investigation of the Xew Mexico coal rates
I have been furnished with iiuies of evidence
already taken, and find that there Is no tes
tiniony to support the criticisms of the press
that have concerned me personally the most,
and that, while there may have been technl
cal violations of the law, yet Inasmuch as I
know to have been unintentional and
that they have resulted In Injury to no shipper,
and in view of the fact that the entire matter
is the subject of a pending civil action, which
will be heard before a Federal court. I beg
to withdraw such request.
In regard to the statement that
there had been technical violations of
the law, Ripley said:
I mean that the tariff* we filed with the
commission included the price of the coal and
that there was nothing In the tariffs to show
that this was the case. That Is the way those
matters were customarily handled, and though
not technically legal It led to no discrimina
tion or Injury to any one. These tariffs have
been corrected at Washington and would have
been corrected long ago had the matter been
called to my attention.
The so-called secret rate sheet is nothing
more nor less than a regular division sheet of
another road. The other circular was neces
sitated by the rates Included In the price of
coal and the price fluctuated. The price could
be learned only from the Colorado Fuel and
Iron Company.
CANNOT PRINT PORTRAIT
OF ALLEGED CRIMINAL
Artist Employed on an Indiana News
paper Is Enjoined by the
Court.
EVANSVILLE, Ind.. Jan. *11.—
Judge Louis O. Rasch of the Circuit
Court to-day issued an injunction
against Irvin Alexander, an artist on
the Evansvllle Courier, prohibiting
Sim from publishing certain sketches
in his paper. Alexander had made
pictures of Nicholas Trautvetter, de
fendant on a serious charge in court.
On moticSi of the defendant's attor
neys the court issued the writ. This
is believed to be the first case of the
kind on record.
Table d'hote lunch at the Terrace
Garden. 121 to 127 Maaon street, 11:30
to 2 p. m. 40c *
SHOT DIRECTED
AT GEN. MILES
House Takes Up Question of
Soldiers on Retired List
WTio Serve in the Militia
c'
DISCUSSION OF SALARY
Measure Adopted Reducing
Pay of High Officers Who
Join the National Guard
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.—The ap
pointment of Lieutenant General Nel
son A. Miles as inspector general of
the State of Massachusetts overshad
owed all other questions in the discus
sion of the army appropriation in the
House tQ-day.
The debate had proceeded leisurely
until Hull, ln charge of the bill, of
fered an amendment providing that re
tired officers above the grade of major
should not receive the full pay of their
grade when assigned to duty with the
militia of the several States. Many
members declared that the amendment
was directed especially at General
Miles. Hull insisted that he had no
such thought in mind, and argued that
the best results were obtained from
officers of the lower grades. He asserted
that not until the law was passed al
lowing Increased pay for officers as
signed to the militia did retired officers
of higher grades apply for the appoint
ments. He said it was such Increased
pay and not patriotism which prompted
them, and he characterized their con
duct as unseemly.
The statement aroused Cockran of
New York.who declared that it was sim
ply penalizing superiors to the advan
tage and profit of inferior officers.
The measure was adopted.
A message from the President was
read In which he recommended the ap-
polntment ln the naval service of John
Henry La Fland, Earl W. Chaffee and
Joseph Drummond Little, midshipman,
dismissed from the Naval Academy for
hazing. The President says: A
Their severance from the academy, their re
duction to the foot of the claaa ot which they
were members and their entry Into the naval
service without formal graduation would be
adequate punishment.
BRODIE DUKE'S
GOLD AT STAKE
Relatives and Bride Begin
What Promises to Be
a Long Legal Battle
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.—Brodie L.
Duke's incarceration in a sanita
rium at Flushing, Long Island, has
Involved eight lawyers, representing
three interests, in what promises to be
a long legal wrangle. In addition to
these, two members of District Attor
ney Jerome's staff are paving the way
for criminal proceedings against those
who are believed to have made Duke
the victim of a conspiracy.
By permission of the State Lunacy
Commission. Duke was to have been
removed to-day from the sanitarium
to the asylum at Amityville. This
transfer was prevented by the serving
of a writ of habeas corpus Issued by
Judge Gaynor, which calls for the pro
duction of Duke before Judge Gaynor
at 10 o'clock on Thursday morning.
This was the first step taken ln the
legal battle by the opponents of the
Duke family. The writ was issued on
the theory that Duke is sane and capa
ble of taking care of his personal af
fairs. Alice Webb Powell Duke, the
bride, is still in hiding.
This action was taken before Judge
Gaynor in Brooklyn simultaneously
with a counter move on the part of
Nicoll, Arnable & Lindsay, represent
ing Duke's family, who were obtaining
Judge Greenbaum's signature to an or
der in the Supreme Court in Manhat
tan. This order was returnable on Jan
uary 20 and called for the appointment
of a committee for the care of the per
son and property of Duke. In the ap
plication for this order it waa alleged
that Duke was an habitual drunkard
and was insane and absolutely Incom
petent to manage or take care of his
property.
Duke at one time was considered to
be worth anywhere from three to five
million dollars. His estate now is be
lieved to be worth about $250,000.
• Members of the Duke family were in
consultation with Delancy Nicoll near
ly all afternoon. They are determined
to annul the marriage of Duke to Alice
Webb ln the first instance; to have a
committee appointed for the care of
their relative, and to do all that lies
within their power to prosecute those
i who. they believe, took part in the
| conspiracy to get possession of Duke's
| estate.
KANSAS LEGISLATORS
RECITE LORD'S PRAYER
Innovation Introduced at the Opening
Session or the Lower
House.
TOPEKA, Kans., Jan. 11.—There
was a new feature introduced in the
Kansas Legislature to-day when .the
House held its first session. The In
novation was a recitation of the Lord's
Prayer by the assembled legislators.
When Bishop Millspaugh started the
prayer a murmur ran through the
crowd and 125 voices joined that of
the divine in completing the prayer.
Counsel for Bryan Appeals.
NEW HAVEN. Qonn., Jan. 11.—
Counsel for William J. Bryan to-day
appealed from the decision excluding
as evidence the sealed letter in which
Philo S. Bennett requested his widow
to- turn over to Bryan $50,000.
To-day is a good day to bring good
deeds.
BOODLE CHARGE
TO BE PROBED
Foes of Missouri Caucus
Nominee for Senator
Stir Up a Sensation
WANT INVESTIGATION
Brewers Alleged to Have Ad
vanced a Corruption Fund
to Thomas Niedringhaus
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Jan.' IL—
Representative Grace of St. Louis has
introduced a resolution in the lower
house of the General Assembly calling
for an Investigation of the report that
St. Louis brewers had given $21,000 to
Thomas K. Niedringhaus, chairman of
the Republican State Committee and
caucus nominee for United States
Senator, to Influence legislation during
the present session of the Legislature.
The resolution created a sensation. A
motion to lay it upon the table was
lost, after a rollcall had been de
manded
The Democratic Senate took up the
Niedringhaus campaign fund matter
and appointed, an investigating com
mittee, consisting of Senators McDavid,
McAllister, Dowell, Mclndoe and Frts
by. The committee consists of three
Democrats and two Republicans.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 11.—R C. Kerens,
formerly member of the National Re
publican Committee from Missouri,
who failed to win the Republican cau
cus nomination for United States Sena
tor to succeed Francis M. Cockrell,
made a statement to-day as to the ac
tion of the Legislature looking to the
investigation of the campaign contri
butions of Thomas K. Neidrlnghaus.
the successful candidate. Kerens said:
"I would not accept the office of
Senator with the slightest taint upon
its title. A United States Senatorship
tarnished, if secured by the promise of
Federal or State offices or other dis
reputable considerations, would be a
blight upon Its owner that would de
stroy his usefulness to the State, the
people and the party to which the re
cipient belongs. Therefore, it should
be assumed the friends of Mr. Neid
rlnghaus in the Legislature will place
no obstacle ln the way of the fullest
inquiry into the many rumors current
and published, Involving improper
methods."
DEFAULTING BANKERS
TAKEN INTO COURT
Two Men Captured In Victoria Appear
Before a Commissioner in
Cleveland.
CLEVELAND. Jan. 11.—When I*
P. Oligher and J. R. Zimmerman, de
faulting officials of the Wooster, Ohio,
National Bank, arrived here to-day in
the custody of two secret service men
from Victoria, B. C, where they were
placed under arrest several days ago.
they were at once arraigned before a
United States Commissioner. Both
pleaded not guilty and waived a pre
liminary hearing. Bail was fixed at
$16,000 in each case. Ollgher fur
nished bond, but Zimmerman waa un
able to do so.
Beveridge and Hemenway Named.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Jan. 11.—
The Republican joint caucus to-night
nominated Senator Albert J. Beveridge
to succed himself and Congressman
James A. Hemenway to fill the unex
pired term of C. W. Fairbanks. The
nomination insures election.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FEEL SICK?
Then you are the very person we want to
Interest ln the merits of Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters, and to urge a fair trial
for your health's sake. This medicine
has restored more sickly people to robust
health than any other. Get a bottle of
to-day and v take a
UmW STOMACH d( T b f tor * „ m . ea! *
EH and at bed-tUn*.
MH « jrUl o Soon make
r « a botU at once.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S oreat 6
0 MUSEUM OF An ATOM Yf
A C% 1061 MalOT IS. Ui. ttUTli, i t .OH. A
< Or T>« LaryeetA—toaltal Meieeen in rfco \
A World. Woo keoeeoi or an* Mntctii! M
7 s BjTSJI diuiM ■*>»<tl«nirear*«DTthe olden T
Q IV Bl Spectoliit on th« Co ait lit *6 je«r».
1 ifwfi DR. JORDAN—BISEARES OF MEN A
\ I tfjßMkl Coaanltatlan free and strict!» private. \
A I VWI Tmmi personally or br letter. A m
V i _rW flj J**tftw Aire in jrery caee undertaken. V
A Iff Hal Wrltafer Seek. paui,e>ae>raiTe«« A
▼ *I maiuo raaa. (aF
\ A IL valaafete beak for mm) \
PATENTSIJ
330 MARKET ST.
MEN AND WOMEN.
Cm Bl« «3 for QDnatcral
JEmf \ a I te 8 discharge*.inflammatlona,
jJHv Oaaruteed ■ Irritation! or ulceration!
fjelkjl do» 10 »«rl«tsr« of mucons membrane*.
Me *1 freeeato Ceaenftoa. PainieM, and not MtrlaV
effSITHtEtfAMtCHtHmOatCO. cent or poiaonoua.
Ug|\|» WRlATl.fiJMfff Selel l», Dracrrlauv
«.«.«. JkmT or ,n P'» ln W WS
bT expree*, prep*id, U*
00. orSbatUMtt.fi
p V ■ Oireular mt «•FOOTPADS FIND
TWO VICTIMS
Italian Miner Held Up by
Two Colored Men and $500
and Money Orders Stolen
~. _ •
POLICE INVESTIGATING
•
D- L 3iunson, an Old Man,
Attacked With Slungshot
in His Home and Kobbed
:' Frank Signorello, a miner, reported to
Policeman J. C. Stelzner early yester- ,
''&ay morning that he had been held up |
ajid robbed by two colored men at San- j
•aurne and Pacific streets. They took
'/from him $500 in gold and two postal
' .money orders on Ogden for $100 each. 1
•He informed the officer that he had !
'"previously reported the holdup at the j
'Harbor Police station. As Signorello I
was drinking Stelzner took him to the j
City Prison.
■i. yVhen he was sober yesterday morn- I
fng Detective Cody took Signorello in
hand. He repeated the story of the j
. robbery, saying that he was living with j
• iils brother at the Roma Hotel, 818 San- i
.some street. He had been drinking and
•' was unable to find the hotel, as he was
• a stranger. He met the two colored '
1 'xhen and asked them to direct him to
.-.the hotel. They led him to a dark spot,
iw-here he was knocked down and
robbed. Cody is working on the case.
• D. L. Munson, 71 years of age, who
'.jives at 364 Beach street, was the vic
tim of a robber on Tuesday night. The
.case was reported to the police yester
• .day morning by J. Weyl of the Lang
soo Hotel, who had called to see the
Old man, and found him in bed.
. •Munson told Weyl that about 7;
.o'clock Tuesday evening a man called
•af his house, saying he was a collector
and had a bill for a Mr. Merreman.
.. Merreman, he said, could be found at a
• grocery at Mason and Filbert streets.
•He asked the old man to write out the
"bill t(j his dictation. Munson did so.
: and he noticed that the collector was
'always trying to get behind him.
. After the bill was written out the
stranger left for a few minutes. When
he returned he struck Munson on the
head twice with a slungshot, knock
ing him unconscious. When Munson
recovered, his watch and chain were
missing, but $8 he had in his trousers
pocket had not been taken. Dr. Orlow
• was called. He stitched and dreseed a
: wound over Munson's right eye and one
.on top of his head. The slungshot was
found in the room. The robber is de
scribed as about 25 years of age. 5
• feet 10 inches tall, of smo-oth face and
medium complexion. Detective Cole
maa is working on the case.
. .
JURY CENSURES DRUG CLERK
SEORDIA FOR CARELESSNESS
'/ ~~~~~~
Admits That He Gave Carbolic Acid
and Swears Sccfa Was
Called l\>r.
Emelio Seordia, drug clerk for Dr.
. Artigues, was censured yesterday by a
Coroner's jury for the death of Wong
Gum You, a Chinese child 13 months
' old, on January 7. The clerk had given
a bottle of carbolic acid instead of
castor oil, which Dr. Minnie Worley
.'testified she had prescribed for the
■.child.
.' Dr. Minnie Worley testified that she
Wrote the words "castor oil; ten
cents," very plainly upon a piece of
.paper. Seordia swore that what she
had written was "Carbolic acid; ten
cents."
■ ! Doctor Glover of the Harbor Hos
pital alleged that the child had not
. been very scientifically treated at the
Central Emergency Hospital and
claimed that the incision in the pa
tient's throat was made too high.
„. NEW WATER COMPANY —Article* of in
corporation v*'-je filed yesterday by the North
.Ride V.'utrr Company, which nas a capltui
stock of $50,000, of which $100 eaoh h.ns been
I subscribed by the following directors: John
. Richards. Lyford Sinclair and J. E. Manning
cf San Anselmo. Wilson D. Bent of Sausalito
and George Manuel of San Francisco.
; ADVERTISEMENTS.
Heat your
office at*
once
This weather causes pneu
monia, grippe, colds, etc. If
your stenographer, book
keeper or clerk gets sick, lays
off for one day, it loses more
. money for you tha:i a dozen
heaters cost. Then, too, how
about yourself? Isn't your
own health of some value?
We can warm any office,
•store or house quickly
and economically with
GAS
Phone Exchange 8 for
our expert. Don't wait
to write. Quick action
our style.
the GAS GOMPANY
415 Post, S6.
Weak Men and Womei
SHOULD USE DA MIAN A BrTTERS. TH
v Great Mexican Remedy; gives health an
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Marks
INSURANCE MEN
END SESSION
Efect Officers and Sit at Banquet
NEW OFFICERS ELECTED YESTERDAY BY THE FIRE UNDERWRITERS'
ASSOCIATION OF THE PACIFIC, WHOSE ANNUAL MEETING CLOSED
LAST NIGHT WITH A BANQUET AT THE PALACE HOTEL.
The Fire Underwriters' Association
of the Pacific yesterday elected
officers for the year, read and de
bated papers of especial Interest to
underwriters, laughed at the funny
contents of "The Knapsack" as re
vealed by George F. Grant and feasted.
The matter of "leading importance"
that was referred to in the annual
address of President Fuller, the es
tablishment of insurance institutes
and the gradual combining of Ameri
can insurance organizations Into a fed
eration, was reported back by a com
mittee with a recommendation that a
special committee beappointed to take
up the subject and report to the
underwriters at their next annual con
vention.
In addition to this it was voted to
provide a salary for an assistant sec
retary and librarian, that the valu
able reference library that has been
created may be made available for the
instruction and benefit of the mem
bers. It was voted that the co-opera
tion of the University of California,
fnd particularly of the professors con
nected with the College of Commerce,
would be heartily welcomed. Author
ity was given for the publication of
pamphlets embodying papers of spe
cial interest to the underwriters. These
matters were reported favorably by
the committee to consider the presi
dent's report. The underwriters as a
body approved of the recommenda
tions.
AN INSURANCE INSTITUTE.
Mr. Folger. chairman of the com
mittee, explained, referring to' the pro
posed establishment of an insurance
institute for the instruction of the
underwriters of the Pacific Coast, that
while no definite plan could be at once
suggested, it would be advisable to
correspond with existing institutes and
insurance organizations and to request
co-operation on the part of the organ
ized underwriters of the United States.
Federation might follow the forma
tion of institutes. There is no under
writers' institute in the United States
and in this direction the Pacific Coast
takes the first step for the entire
country.
A suggestion was made by F. J.
Alex Mayer that much might be ac
complished in the education of under
writers through the agency of corre
spondence schools on the subject of
fire insurance in all its branches.
This will be considered by the execu
tive committee.
By the annual election the presi
dency of the association went to the
Northwest. A. W. Thornton of Se
attle, the vice president during the
past year, was advanced according to
the custom of the association and was
made president. F. B. Kellam was
elected vice president and Calvert
Meade was again re-elected secretary
and treasurer. The new excutive com
mittee includes in its membership
President A. W. Thornton, J. L. Ful
ler, Whitney Palaehe, W. H. Gibbons
and George W. Dornln. The old
library committee, consisting of W. H.
Lowden. Herbert Folger and B. J.
Smith, was re-elected.
Technical papers that were read
yesterday occupied the greater part of
the time. James C. Cunningham
THE SAN FRANCTSCt) CALL. THURSDAY, JANUARY 12. 1905.
treated the subject of the relations of
the special agent to the local agent.
Amos Sewell discussed building losses
for beginners. F. B. Kellam spoke
about the insurable interest of a ,
bailee. Guy Francis-read a paper con- j
corning the uses of co-insurance and
Professor A. \V., Whitney of the Unl- j
versity of California spoke at length
on the theory of lines of Insurance. i
GUESTS AT BANQUET.
The banquet last evening brought j
together about 200 special and gen- '
eral agents at the Palace Hotel. The;
banquet was in charge of George W.
Spencer and George F. Grant. J. L. j
Puller, president for the past year,
presided. There were present as
guests: W. Myron Wolf, J. P. Moore,
W. S. Duval, J. A. Carey. T. C. Coogan,
Professor H. R. Hatfield, Samuel D.
Mayer, Professor A. W. Whitney, EgH.
Bacon, J. H. Schively, Robert W. Neal
and E. J. Mott.
The following members of the asso
elation sat at the tables:
George E. Butler. James D. Bailey W. L». i
W. Miller, R. D. Wright. Frank J. Devlin. '
H. It. Jackson, A. .1. Penflcld. George Scott, '
E. R. Thompson, A. W. Thornton. F. J. Alex
Mayer, Thomas J. Conroy, E. T. Nlebllng, '
R. P. Fabj, Frank T. Hunter, Charles R. '
Thompson. William Plgott. H. P. Blanchard,
J. S. French, Samuel Sinunen, H. H. Price. J
Arthur Xi. Nason. F. B. Kellum. H. R. Burke. 1
William Sexton, William O. Morgan, Calvert
Meade, I;. W. Pierce, George F. Grant, W.
If, Cleveland. Clinton Folger, Roger 11. Friend
.) Hunter Harrison. William Maris. A.. W. 1
Thornton, William J. Landers, F. W". Tartant, i
Toll Thompson. T. R. Frith. J. M. Mendell, ]
C. D. Gabrtelson, H. Danker G. A. R. Heuer. <
J. B. Trumbull. H. S. Land on, G. H. Hard, i
Thomas R. Roberts, M. H. Thompson, Charlea
S. Hill. Arthur M. Brown. F. W. Toulkes,
Franklin Bangs. A. W. Whittner, C. P. Lyn
dall, E. K. Eltel, J. F. R. Webber, Albert
Lambert. E. Parrish, W. J. Shinn, R. C.
Shinn James C. Cunningham, A. C. Olds,
Charles A. Colvin, W. A. Fortmann. W. H.
Lcwden. J. D. Richards, F. C. Btaniford, J.
H. Fuller.
B. Goodwin. Oscar Thleme, v. Cams Drif
field. C. M. Christensen. J. H. Richards. D.
A. Parker, C. W. Hawxhurst. Frank E- Walsh.
George W. Spencer, W. L. Gazzam. J. A.
Murphy, E. V. Culver, P. Durbrow. Charles
J. Winterburn, Andrew Muir, George E. De
vlne, C. Mason Kinne, P. H. Griffith. John
W. Gunn. R. H. Rountree, Leon Rosenblatt.
E. O. Sproul. H. H. Price, L. B. Edwards,
W. 1 . Zwlck. E. B. Flack, John W. Holmes.
Leslie Lord, John Lyon, George A. Crux, W.
Palaehe. Herbert Folger, W. S. Dayton. C.
W. Wilkinson. W. B. de Jarnatt, W. Halts
Jr., J. L. Fuller, Harry F. Gordon, James
Frazer, William Frank, Rudolph Frank, G.
Heuer, J. A. Weston, E. J. Young, H B.
Keith, George B. Wellington, Rolla V. Watt,
John C. Dornln.
Charles A. Wendler. J. W. Rooklldge. John
T. Fognrty, J. R. Little, W. H. Raymond, C.
Myrlek, Daniel O'Callaghan. G. Palmer. P.
E. Gerould. W. F. Keller. A. K. Fiskin. R.
de Lappe, C. A. Henry, W. W. Hoagland,
Stanley Webster. R. G. Brush, George 11.
Tyson. S. V 7. Croesen, Charles B. HIU. George
C. Codding, J. E. Crandall, J. L. Eaaton, J.
B. M. Bontley, C. H. Anderson,
George D. DWrnin, B. S. Hayne, R. W. Osborn.
Did You Ever Stop to Think
What a pleasure It Is to look at pretty
photographs? Get a camera and take the
pictures yourself. We have cameras
from 80c up and all photographic sup
plies. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market «t.»
SUES FOR CERTIFICATE.—A wit for a
•writ of mandate to compel the Board of Medi
cal Examiners .to issue him a certificate was
filed yesterday T>y 'William W. Winter, a grad
uate of the California Medical College. Judge
lawlor assignd the case to Judge Sloss for
hearing. Wlmer says he graduated in May
<f last year, and ln July iroduced for the
board satisfactory testimonials of his good
moral character. On August 2, he says, he
took the examination before the board and
passed with the required percentages. On Oc
tober 2* he demanded his certificate. It was
refused.
The Triplet Boys.
Freddie, Eddie and Teddie get an
unexpected bath. In next Sunday's
Comic Section.
COURT REFUSES
FURTHER DELAY
Attorney Countryman Asksj
Time to Secure Witness
Detained at Sacramento
WYMAN DEFENSE OPENS >
. |
Counsel Begs That Jury Be
Instructed to Acquit the;
Accused Ballot Stutfer
*
With the completion of Handwriting
Expert Kytka's testimony the prosecu
tion in the case of Charles Wyman, ac
cused of fraudulent voting, rested its
case. Attorney Countryman, acting for
the accused, was up in an instant with
a motion to Instruct the jury to acquit
on the ground that there was no pen
alty provided for the offense of imper
sonating a voter. Then he sought to
have the case postponed. Countryman
dilated on the expense and trouble
that the case would cause the State.
He declared that the person who
framed the law regarding purity of
elections did not intend to make an of
fense such as Wyman is charged with
a crime.
"Do you think that the Legislature
intended to make a person who imper
sonates a voter immune from punish
ment?" was asked by the prosecution.
"I do," replied Countryman. j
Ju/lge Lawlor said firmly. "The mo
tion is denied."
The next move made by Wyman's at-'
torney was to try for a postponement.
Assemblyman Thomas K. Atkinson,
Countryman declared, was an indispen
sable witness for the defense. He had
telegraphed to Sacramento for Atkin
son to be present yesterday, but the'
Assemblyman replied that he was un
able to come.
Judge Lawlor ordered that Country
man be sworn. The attorney was asked
if he had not stated that he was ready
to proceed when the case was called.
Countryman admitted that he had said
that he was ready. "But," added Wy
man's attorney, "at the time I had an
understanding with Mr. Maestretti
that Atkinson would be on hand when
we needed him."
Countryman asked that a postpone
ment be granted until January 14. By
that time, he thought, the missing wit
ness would be able to attend. The mo
tion was denied. Countryman said that
Atkinson was wanted to prove an alibi
for Wyman.
John Dowd. a janitor employed in the
Hall of Justice, was called by the de
fense. He testified that Special Police
man Joseph P. Doyle had confided ln
him to this effect: "They were hound
ing me. Tou can't fool those mer
chants."
Policeman Fairweather seemed to
have a defective memory. He testified
that he had remarked openly in the
Police Court at the preliminary hearing
of Wyman, "I am surprised to hear
Doyle give such testimony."
m cross-examination his memory be
came even more defective. He was in
troduced by the defense to contradict
the evidence given by Doyle. .
The afternoon session closed early, as
one of the Jurors was subpenaed as a
witness in the Monnier case. The trial
will be resumed at 9:30 o'clock this
morning.
CONTESTANT'S SIDE OF THE
TAYLOR LAWSUIT ENDED
Witnesses Declare That Testator Was
of Unsound Mind When He
Made Wttt
The contestant's side of the case of
Lizzie Taylor Mcßride, who seeks to
revoke the probate of the will of her
half-brother. J. D. Taylor, was con
cluded in Judge Troutt's court yester
day afternoon, and a motion by the
proponents to dismiss the action was
denied. The hearing of the other side
will begin this morning.
Ella H. Talbot, in whose house Tay
lo' was a lodger, and who signed his
will had testified when the document
| was' admitted to probate that Taylor
(was of sound mind. Yesterday she
i said she had thought the matter over
land concluded that he was incom
petent. She drafted the will for the
old man, and when he signed it he
was not able to speak. Her husband,
William H. Talbott, described graphi
! cany the weakened physical and men
! tal condition of Taylor when the will
I was made, three days before his
death. The aged man was unable to
' talk and was so weak that the pen
i slipped from his fingers while he was
i signing the paper which disposed of
hi* estate to other relatives to the ex
clusion of the contestant. Other wit
nesses were Lena Kester, Sallie Wil
son and Maud Moore, all of whom
saw Taylor in his last sickness and ob
served his condition. They thought
him Incompetent.
BANKS RENEW BATTLE
OVER RAISED CHECK
New Trial of Suit for Payment of
Money Lost by Becker's Clever
Crime.
An echo of the sensation of nine
years ago—the $22,000 raised check
of the Becker-Dean-Creegan gang—
was heard yesterday In Judge Sea
well's court, to whom the supreme tri
bunal remanded for retrial the case
of the Crocker-Woolworth Bank
against the Nevada Bank for the re
covery of the money paid out on the,
bogus paper. In the former trial
Judgment for the plaintiff bank was
given for $25,177 48, which represent
ed the difference between the original
$11 check on the Bank of Woodland
and the slip which the Nevada Bank
cashed for the penmen and in turn
collected from the Crocker-Wool
worth Bank, with interest added.
The retrial consists in the reading
of the transcript of the testimony for
merly taken to certain passages of
which objections are being offered by
both sides, with some success. D. M.
Delmaa and T. t Bergin are repre
senting the Nevada Bank and the in
terests of the other institution are
looked after by W. S. Wood, John
Garber and Peter F. Dunne. The
famous check, in a glass frame, is the
carefully guarded exhibit in the case.
Of all the good ways to make love to
a girl the best is just to keep telling
her so.
REGISTRAR MUST
FACE THE TEST
Election Commissioners De-j
fend Themselves Against
Charge of Irregularities
MADE NO SELECTIONS
Investigation by City's
Chief Executive Will Be
Surely Held on Saturday!
♦
Inquiry was made yesterday of the
Election Commissioners as to whether
a possible indictment by the Grand
Jury on alleged charges of irregulari
ties in the appointment of precinct |
election officers would affect* the pro
posed investigation of the accusation
by the Mayor next Saturday morning.
The reply was made that an indictment
would make no difference, as the in
quiry' would be proceeded with and a
defense put in. Asked as to what the
defense would be, the Commissioners
stated that a reply had been prepared
which would be filed with the Mayor*
just previous to the beginning of his
investigation. The board made a gen
eral denial of the charges, and in it the
Commissioners plead not guilty there
of. It saddles Registrar Adams and
his deputies with the responsibility of
selecting the election officers, and is in
part as follows:
DO NOT ADMIT CHARGE.
That as to the charge ln said accusation
that twelve of said primary election precinct
officers therein named were all members of
the same political party, these defendants, r.ot
admitting such charge, say: That defendants
had no knowledge at the time of said ap
pointment that they were not' of different po
litical pai:fes as required by law; that
said defendants, and the Kcg'strar of Voters,
acting upon written applications, as afore
said, and the informations relied upon la the
Usual practice and course of business in t on
nectlrtl therewith, in good faith believed the
said persons at the time of their appoint
ment to be of different political parties, as
required by law; that said appointments were
published In a dally newspaper, as required by
law. in said city and county, and the members
of the county committees of the political par
ties who were interested in having equal rep
resentation on said precinct boards never in
formed said R'pistrar or the defendants that
said officers were not of the political parties
named in such publication. whl<di stated the
reputed politics of each appointee, as required
b} law, nor did any person ever make any
corrplalnt of that nature or at all prior l>
&a id election.
As to the charge that said twelve persons
were not upon the last assessment list, these
defendants, not admitting the same, say: That
the office of the said Board of Election Com
misslrm rs is not and has not been provided
with a copy of the assessment list or taxpay
ers of said city and county; that the said
list is made up, If at all. annually by the
Assessor of said city and county, and consists
of about SO,O(K< names of persons thereon,
and is only to be found in thr office of the
Assessor of said city and county, and is con
tained therein in mere than seventy volumes
in use in the tax department.
LEFT TO REGISTRAR.
As to the charge that five of said election
officers in said charges mentioned had not
been registered In the prerlnet where they
served for thirty days prior to the said elec
tion these defendants say that if It be a.
fact that such was the case that the number
so disqualified In such respect amount to less
than one ln one hundred of the number ol
precinct election officers appointed for said
election and less than one in five hundred of
th'- number who made application for such
appointment; and that such matter was neces
sarily left to the Registrar of Voters for ex
amination in the usual course of the conduct
and practice of the said election commission.
That in the year J904 there was a new
registration in said city and county and that
the registration for said primary election
amounted to over fifty thousand voters, and
that the task of comparing said application*
with the registration was very great and
arduous as a duty upon said Registrar of
Voters and he was compelled to rely upen
deputies and clerks in his employ; and the
defendants are Informed and believe that such
disqualification (if any there were) In regard
to said five persons was the result of an
oversight in the Investigations by clerks, made
and carried on In the office of said Registrar
of Voters, and that the action of said Regis
trar of Voters in the said matter waa ln good
faith; and these defendants had no knowl
edge or information of any such disqualifica
tion at the time of such appointments of such
election officers or rrior to such election.
As to the charge in said accusation that
three of tho raid precinct election offlaars were '
holding salaried positions under the municipal
government of the city and county cf San
Kranolseo, these defendants say: That it the
said fact was true, that these defendants had
ro knowledge thereof, and that there Is no
list kept.ln or furnished to the office cf the
said Board of Election Commissioners of the
employes of the said municipal government, or
In the departments thereof, and such matter
was not known to the Board of Election Com
missioners or any of the members thereof at
the time of said appointment or prior to said
election, and they are informed and believe
that the said fact did not come to the knowl
edge of said Registrar of Voters during the
period of his investigations) in regard to the
appointment cf said precinct election officers
or prior to said election. That the number
of minor employes in various departments Is
very large.
NO TIME TO VERIFY.
That upon the application blanks above men -
tioned, ln the Usual course of the proceedings
of the Board of Election Commissioners,
it not being a part of the duties of said board
and they not having the time personally to
verify the statements in said - applications;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Furniture for the Million
AT LOWEST
Eight* great, floors tilled to overflowing with samples
only. Furniture, Carpets, Draperies, Rugs, Kitchen Furnish-
IPS wL*> higs, Stoves and Ranges.
Your Credit Is Good. -Nur-ced."
WEli§i%mM&BK So!id oak ' golden finish. Canopy —
< oiaeDoara toPt {inishedwithtevclFrench pUte CIO A 5
mirror. Ample room for linen and silver. Price *^
I Dozens of new designs just arrived. Every worthy make
from the Royal Wilton to the modest Ingrain at always
Rf»o*Ai DaT\<TA A household necessity. Embodies more labor
SJV ing devices than any range on the market.
A Do not * ail to invcsti ? ate its many good points before purchasing.
W*' 11111 1 Terms: $ 1.00 Down and $ 1.00 a Week
1 CO. J
245-259 GEARY ST ON THE SQUARE
On Every Purchase of $1.00 or Over
To-Day
There Will Be "Something Doing" to
the Amount of $1.00 Free
Hundreds of Pretty New Spring Shirts
for Boys
(Second Floor)
35c each, or 3 for $1.00
' This is the first shipment we have received of new Spring
Dress Shirts for Boys. We have taken the entire lot—and there
are hundreds of them—and marked them very lowest selling price.
They are extraordinary bargains and are perfect in workmanship,
material and style. All have cuffs to match and the patterns are
practically unlimited in variety..
Boys' Golf Caps
In conjunction with the great sale of Boys' Shirts 4t\
we will offer our entire stock of 20c Golf Caps at the J \jQ
exceptionally low price of • • •
The Very Highest Quality Groceries
and Liquors
(Fourth Floor)
Special* To-Day and Friday
Baker's Breakfast Cocoa (the Prunes — Extra large; 20-30*;
genuine Walter Baker)-*- Santa Clara; regularly 2 lbs.
lb. tins; regularly 25c; spe- for 25c; special, 3 lbs. 2St
cial, per tin, 18c. 1-lb tins, for I ZZ*
P erti r,y .. .. spcc : al : 36c ... Whls : 80c
Baker's Premium Chocolate- Whiskey-Dollar Brand; high
Unsweetened; i-lb. packages proof; sells everywhere at
regularly 40c; spec al *i-00. bottle; .pec, ftC
*i **" - M Cabernet Margeau or Chablis—
Coffee - Our famous Tower Extra Q , d
brand. Java and Mocha; same , on 01/ C
as used in cafe-lb Gin-A.'"' V." H.-The genuine
2. large bottles; bottle -f Ut\
Sardines—D. &G. Bone- OCf 4> i »tU
less; 2 tins •*«#!», Bourbon—Old Rose — Straight
Pearline—James Pyle's; OC- goods; gallon .... M
i-lb. packages; 3
Largest I IIZ "71
West \MZ AIWJ RELIABLE
° f h V MARKET- * <JON£S STS ™ pra
Chicago w II b* o ™ 9 ™-
and it having been the usual necessary and
1 roper practice of said board to leave the same
to the Registrar of Voters, and his deputies
and clerks under him. to see that precinct
election officers to be appointed were duly
qualified, ihe said matter was so necessarily
left to the said Registrar of Voters, who, with
the means at his command and the deputies
and clerks upcr. whom he relied, as defendants
are informed and believed, made all such in
vestigation ln good faith, as was required,
end calculated to. ln good faith, secure the se
lection and appointment of all said precinct
election officers having the qualifications re
quired by law, and that if any errors occurred
therein or any such appointees were disquali
fied, as set forth in the sail accusation, that
the'same was the result of mistakes or over
sight by the persons relied upon In the office
of the Reßistrar of Voters, and such as might
occur under similar circumstances at any time
In good faith, without any Intention to appoint
any «is.iualifled person aa an election officer.
MADE IN GOOD FAITH.
Arid these defendants answer that the said
appointment of precinct election officers, as
made by them or by their authority for the
said prtmarv election, were all made in good
faith and without any knowledge or Informa
tion that any of the said precinct election
officers were in any manner disqualified for
any reason whatsoever and ln the belief that
all were duly qualified and that in all the
proceedings of the conduct and management of
said primary election the acts of the defend
ants as such Election Commissioners, have
been' in good faith, without any knowledsre or
information that any person appointed was
In arv way disqualified to act as an election
precinct officer, and in the full belief that
at " the time said appointments were made
that all the persons who were selected for
said office and who were so appointed were in
all respects qualified according to law.
That defendants have not, nor have any of
them been guilty of any willful or corrupt
or other misconduct as said Election Com
mission is, or in their office as such, or as
composing such Board of Election Commis
sioners, ln any act relating or pertaining to
the conduct or management of or in appoint
ing precinct election officers for said primary
election.
Wherefore defendants pray that the said
charges may be dismissed and that they lie
found not guilty and be acquitted of any and
ali charges of willful or corrupt or Intentional
or other misconduct in and about the per
formance of their duties of their said offlee
ln the conduct and management of the said
primary election and ln the appointment of
precinct election officers therefor.
ST LOUIS Jan. 11.—The immense plant of
tho St. Louis Plate Olass Company at Valley
Park, twenty miles west of St. Louis, was par
tially destroyed by fire to-day. entailing a
loss estimated at $250,000. Five hundred em
ployes are out of employment.
ELIJAH DOWIE'S LETTERS
ARE OFFERED IN COURT
Xew Evidence Bearing Upon Proph
et's, Contention That His Debt
Was Paid to Craig.
Attorney R. S. Gray yesterday sub
mitted to Judge Murasky the newly
discovered evidence in the case of
Hugh Craig against John Alexander
Dowie and the court will decide next
Monday whether the evidence is ad
missible. If it is the case will be re
opened. After the testimony in the
case had been taken Elijah 111, in go
ing through his old flies at Zion City,
discovered certain letters which ha
considered material.
Upon one of them his attorney. Mr.
Gray, expects to prove his contention
that the prophet had settled his ac
count with Craig and that the latter
had not intended to hold Dowie liable
for the expenses of the Grand Opera
house mission in 1888, for which
Craig now wants about $1700. In the
letter in question, dated in April, 1889.
after the Grand Opera-house account
had been charged off on Craig's books.
Dowie forwarded $300 and said "find
check which covers my money indebt
edness to you, but leaves me still a
debtor of love for all the kindness ;<>
me and mine when f came 'a strang
er in a strange land.'" Dowie also
said "God has been very gracious to
me and while he has not given me tal
ents of gold and silver, yet he haw
and does supply all our needs."
In another letter of June, 1889,
Dowie sends two bank notes of ten
and Aye pounds for Craig to deposit
to his (Dowie's) credit in the Bank of
British Columbia. It will be contend
ed that Zlon's now famous healer
would not have done this had he con
sidered himself in Craig's debt.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
PATROL WORKS
WITH A GUARD
Incinerating Company Has
Armed Man on Watch as a
Protection to the Plant
«, —, —
POLICE ARE INFORMED
Officials Think They Have
Line on the Miscreant Who
Tried to Wreck Property
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 11.
Officials of the Pacific Incinerating
Company, whose plant was partly
wrecked by the mysterious explosion of
powder in one of the large combustion
furnaces, have placed an armed guard
at the works and have advised the po
lice concerning their fears of trouble
from designing persons. Superinten
dent Frank Melbourne to-day an
nounced that he had in preparation an
official statement concerning the ex
plosion, which will be filed with the
company for use in case, the miscreant
shall be discovered."
Chief of Police Hodgkins has been
notified that the tforks were in danger.
He has been informed that threats to
do injury to the plant had reached the
•ars of the company's officials. Inves
tigation has disclosed that Melbourne
has located in a general way the
neighborhood from which the powder
came. He has discovered, according to
his report to the company, that in all
likelihood the explosive was concealed
ln one of the collecting wagons and
emptied into the furnace with the load
of refuse.
BOWENS ARE FINALLY
SEPARATED BY DIVORCE
Action Against Well-known Wine
Merchant Has Been Brought to a
Conclusion by Court.
OAKLAND, Jan. 11. —A divorce
granted to-day separates Margaret B.
Bowen from Charles E. Bowen, a
partner in the wine Arm of Wetmore,
Bower & Co. The decree was granted
on the ground of cruelty, it being
alleged that after nearly thirty years
of married life Bowen abused his wife
because of his over-indulgence in Intoxi
cants. Mrs. Bowen was also granted
a monthly allowance of $300 as ali
mony for the support of herself and
minor children. The suit has been
pending many months.
The pair were married in Sonoma
County in 1876 and have a family of
six children, two or three of whom are
of age. The offices of Wetmore,
Bowen & Co. are at 410 Post street,
San Francisco, and Mrs. Bowen al
leges that her husband's Interest in
the firm together with the wines they
have In storage in various parts of
the country is worth $200,000, and
that he derives* a monthly income of
$1000 from the business.
Suit for divorce was begun to-day
by Thomas McFarland against Lucy
McFarland on the ground of desertion.
They were married in San Francisco
ln 1894 and have no children.
Justena E. Searles has commenced
ten action for divorce against Frank E.
Searles on the ground of desertion, and
she also asks for the custody of their
two minor children.
LOSES VALUABLE STUD
DURING CRUSH AT MOLE
•Tames W. Bnrnham Jostled by Two
Strangers, Who Relieve Him of
Diamond.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 11.—James W.
•{Burnham-of 1880 Clinton avenue, a
■member of the firm of Burnham,
Jtfarsh A Co. of San Francisco, re
ported to the police to-night that a
idiamond stud valued at $250 was tak
•n from his shirt bosom as he was
hoarding a train at the Alameda mole.
Burnham suspects that two men, who
Closed In on him as he was leaving the
(ferry-boat in a crush of commuters,
•■cured the gem.
New School Opens.
HAYWARDS, Jan. 11.—The Laurel
tjchooL for which $40,000 worth of
fconds were voted about eighteen
months ago, was formally opened yes
terday. School Director G. S. Langon
avas ln charge of the opening. A full
corps of teachers has been engaged,
land the school is in charge of Princi
pal H. C. Petrey. The new school is
Jhandsomely fitted up, and a unique
feature of the equipment is a private
telephone system for the use of the
teachers. Each of the rooms is pro
vided with an Instrument. All con
nect with the principal's office. The
•chool Is also provided with a students'
library containing about 1500 volumes
and a modern heating system has been
Installed, Insuring comfort during the
cold .weather.
Borrows Money in Jail.
OAKLAND, Jan. 11.—"Dr." Proc
tor, who is in the County Jail charged
with swindling aged women, has fur
ther demonstrated his ability to bor
row money by raising $7 at the ex
pense of David Kiniry, accused of the
murder of Patrolman James Smith.
Kiniry had saved the amount to en
able him to purchase comforts, but
the "doctor" borrowed it and bought
whisky. Kiniry says' he was satisfied
to make the loan.
AJJVER'OSEMENTS.
Pears'
soap brings health
and the color of
health to many a
sallow skin.
OAKLAND BANK QUARREL
GROWS HOTTER STILL
Morris Issues New Circular
■ ! _«
Sends Stockholders Details of
His Sensational! Charges.
OAKLAND, Jan. 11— H. C. Morris,
former cashier of the Central Bank,
and his father, H. S. Morris, are still |
hurling their broadsides at the man
agement of the bank in which they j
hold much stock. They are denouncing j
the management in circulars that they
mail to the stockholders.
The directors of the bank are still
standing by W. G. Palmanteer, at
whom these circulars are aimed, and
they express their confidence in his
ability and management. It is as
serted that Mr. Palmanteer and his
friends have more than enough votes
to continue them in control. President
Thomas Crellln says the charges have
all been investigated and dismissed by
the bank officials. Mr. Palmanteer re
fuses to discuss the matter. The last
circular runs in part thus: -
Tc the stockholders of Central Bank: As
I predicted in my former circular most ot tho
proxies obtained from you, ostensibly to revise
the by-laws of Central Bank, turned up in
the hands of one man and were used to dis
miss me from Die directorate at the special
meeting of December 22. There were a few
plain statements I wished to present fir your
consideration at that meet ing; ' but I was
dtnied the privilege of stating truths, that
you as stockholders should and shall hear.
Principally I wished to prefer the following
charge, that I had previously presented to
the board of directors. October 5, ISHM, with
the request that It be made part cf the min
utes:
"I herewith charge W. O. Palmanteer with
having forged the name of Frlederlka Blume
on a proxy for one hundred shares of Central
Bank stock standing in her name, and with
having caused Thomas Crellln to innocently
CATTLEMEN BAR
THE RAILROADS
Decide to Give Them No Part
in the National Livestock
Association as Replanned
DENVER, Jan. 11.—The reorganiza
tion plan of President Frank J. Hagg
barth, by which the National Live
Stock Association was to be remodeled
and its control vested in a board com
posed of representatives of the trades
and interests-allied ln the raising of
live stock, has been torn to pieces so
far as the railroads are concerned. For
two days an executive committee com
posed of three representatives of each
industry has been working on the pro
posed reorganization plan, and it will
require at least one day more to finish
its work. No report will be made to
the convention before Friday morning.
Before it was definitely concluded to
prevent the railroads from acquiring
membership in the association a bitter
fight was waged In the committee
room. The Texas and Colorado cattle
men became wrought up over the pos
sibility of the railroads having a voice
ln the management of the live stock
association had announced their inten
tion of withdrawing from the associa
tion if the measure was carried. Other
Western organizations gave evidence of
a desire to take similar action.
There was a lively debate over the
packers, but it was Anally decided to
admit them into the association. All
the other branches of the livestock in
dustry will also be allowed to have
representatives in the reorganization.
Only the railroads remain outside.
S. H. Cowan of Fort Worth, Tex.,
spoke on the transportation question.
The vital defect with the interstate
commerce laws, he declared, was that
the Commissioners lacked the power to
enforce their decrees. He favored
speedy action by Congress empowering
the Commissioners to make their or
ders binding upon the railroads and
upon the shippers.
At the conclusion of Mr. Cowan's
address the convention adjourned until
to-morrow morning, when It is expected
that the committee on organization will
report to the convention.
NEW TOURIST HOTEL
FOR SANTA BARBARA
Company Capitalized at Two Hundred
Thousand Dollars Plans
to Build.
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. 11.—A
deal waa closed in this city to-day by
which a company of capitalists ac
quired land for the purpose of build
ing apother large tourist hotel. Four
hundred acres of land at Montecito.
a suburb of Santa Barbara, were pur
chased and options on nearly as much
more have been secured. The com
pany, which is headed by Dr. F. C. S.
Sanders, recently from London, Is
capitalized at $200,000.
Work on the hotel, which will cost
$100,000, will be commenced next
week, and the erection of twenty-two
bungalows at an average cost of $2000
each,, and which will be grouped
about the hotel, will commence soon.
INSANE WOMAN CAPTURED
AFTER NIGHT IN HILLS
Mrs. Jennie V. Smith, Who Became
Suddenly Demented, Found
Near Redding.
REDDING. Jan. 11.—Mrs. Jennie
V. Smith, who became suddenly in
sane on Tuesday morning and fled to
the hills west of town after locking
her friend and neighbor,* Mrs. Dan
Craft, in a closed room, was captured*
this afternoon near Middletown, five
miles west of here. From the wom
an's condition and appearance she
traveled many miles, but succeeded in
getting only a short distance away
from Redding. She spent last night,
which was bitterly cold, in a deserted
cabin on Salt Creek. Mrs. Smith has
absolutely nothing: to say of her ex
periences, i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1905.
vote said forged proxy at the stockholders'
meeting of Central Bank, held in. March, 1904.
I herewith most respectfully ask that a com
mittee ot live director? be appointed to in
vestigate this charge of forgery. I further
more ask this- committee .-to investigate the
cc of the proxy for 295 shares of
stock standing in the name of Claire Curtis
Huxley and voted by W. G. Palmanteer
prcxy at the above mentioned meeting, and
also to investigate Palmanteer's statement that
thtre was an old proxy somewhere around
that Mr. Yates had."
Since that date I have collected more evi
dence of these forgeries and now liave state
ments signed by both Mrs. Blume of San
Pablo and Miss Huxley of Paris, France.
The circular quotes In full the letters
from the persons named, corroborat
ing Morris' allegations regarding the
proxies. Morris demands that Cashier
Blake be compelled to produce from
the archives of the bank what he
terms the evidence of Palmanteer's
forgery- Continuing, Morris sayß:
No attention whatever ssas paid to these
charges. Apparently an effort is being made
to suppress: these facts and stifle investiga
tion. Why any one should assume this atti
tude of shielding the forger and preventing
investigation of unlawful acts of such gravity
and magnitude is inexplicable. If Palmanteer
is guilty he should be dismissed from the
service of the bank and punished. If he is
innocent he should invite the fullest and most
searching Investigation. Surely his present
attitude of suppression Is not calculated to In
spire confidence in his innocence. Turn on the
light. There is no middle ground for an hon
orable man to take in this matter.
I now urge upon every stockholder of this
bank the necessity of attending ln person the
annual meeting. You have the power; will you
assert it and take such action as you think
wise and best for the future welfare of tha
Central Bank? H. C. MORRIS.
Oakland, January 6, 1806.
TWO HOLD UPS
IN QUICK TIME
Desperado Robs a Woman in
Her Home and Finds Sec-
ond Victim on Her Sidewalk
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 11.—Two more
hold-ups were added last night at 9
o'clock to the four that have already
occurred in this city this week. Both
the robberies were committed by the
same man, and with a boldness new to
this city.
A few minutes before 9 last night a
man, who has been described as being
below the average height, knocked at
the door of Miss Kate Lincoln* resi
dence. When she Opened the door he
covered her with a revolver and took
her watch. She screamed and ran back
into the house. The robber followed
her as far as the dining-room, when he
heard footsteps and hurriedly made his
escape.
As he emerged from the house to the
sidewalk T. V. Doub, a real estate man
of this city, was passing. Without any
warning the robber pressed his gun
against Doub's chest and commanded
him to hold up his hands. Doub obeyed
and the desperado took his watch and
several dollars .In loose change from
his pockets.
The two robberies were immediately
reported to the police, but it is thought
that the man made good his escape on
the Santa Fe train, which left shortly
after 9 o'clock.
McCarthy AGAIN HEADS
BUILDING TRADES COUNCIL
Re-elected President for the En
suing Year at Session in Los
Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 11.—Officers
for the ensuing year**were elected at
the morning session of the State Build
ing Trades Council here to*day«as fol
lows: President, P. H. McCarthy, San
Francisco; secretary-treasurer, O. A.
Tveitmoe, San Francisco; first vice
president, W. E. Scully, Oakland; third
vice president, M. G. Barnhard, Stock
ton; fifth vice president, R. A. Hayden,
Los Angeles.
President McCarthy was named as
the council delegate to the Struc
tural Building Trades Alliance of
America, and Cleveland L. Dam of
San Francisco was appointed general
counsel.
BUYS COFFIN BEFORE
HIS FATHER IS DEAD
Shasta County Man Travels Over
Fifty Miles to Secure Casket
for the Burial.
REDDING. Jan. 11.—When Marion
Pierson left Harrison Gulch on Tues
day evening at 7:80 o'clock for this
city, a distance of fifty-six miles, to
get a coffin for the burial of his
father, Frank Pierson, the old man
was not yet dead. The younger Pier
son believed, however, that death was
only a matter of a few hours. He ar
rived here this morning, took a rest
and started at noon for Harrison
Gulch with a box for the burial of the
man. whom he expects to find dead on
his arrival.
Enters Stanford's Legal Faculty.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 11.
The law department of the university
to-day announced the appointment by
Dr. Jordan of Henry W. Ballantlne to
the legal faculty of Stanford. Just
what work Professor Ballantlne will
give in classes has not yet J>een de
cided upon. The appointment of a
new professor is the first step toward
enlarging the law department of Stan
ford. Professor Ballantlne is a grad
uate of Harvard law school and holds
the degrees of A. B. and LL B.
To Reach South for Tourists.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 11.—The San Jose
Chamber of Commerce will open
headquarters in Lob Angeles next
week for the purpose of diverting
some of the tourist travel to this city
and valley.
SUGGESTS NEW
COUNTY LINES
Progressive Richmond Makes
Plan Involving Uniting
With Eastern Shore Towns
WANTS TO BE A CITY
Incorporation Has Been Re
fused and Now They Talk
of Secession to Oakland
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 1L
A second county division scheme Is
now being suggested on this side of the
bay by the progressive town of Rich
mond, in Contra Costa County. The
division proposed is that Richmond se
cure a separation from Contra Costa
County and form the city and county
of Richmond, or that it unite with Oak-J
land, Berkeley and Alameda in the for
mation of a single large municipality.
Several attempts have been made by
I the people of Richmond to incorporate
under a municipal government, but
each time they have I>een defeated.
The building of the East Shore and
Suburban Railroad, which will begin
operations in about sixty days, will
bring Richmond into closer touch with
Oakland and neighboring cities.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
BURGLAR STEALS PlSTOL.—Oakland,
Jan. il. —a burglar stole a pistol and a scarf
pin last night from J. B. Crandall's residence,
1160 East Twenty-fourth street.
WANTS WOMAN'S SUFFRAGE.—OakIand.
Jan. 11.—Mrs. Frances A. Williamson, presi
dent of the Alameda County Political Equality
Club, addressed the Oakland Prohibition Alli
ance last night in favor of female suffrage.
COMPLIMENTS REG I MEN TAX, SUR
GEON.—Oakland, Jan. 11. —Governor George
C. Pardee has written to Surgeon Major J. P.
I>unn of the Fifth Regiment complimenting
him upon the high state of efficiency to which
he has brought the Hospital Corps of the Fifth
Regiment.
MEETING OP MEN'S CLUB—Oakland,
Jan. 11.;— The Men's Club of the First Presby
terian Church will hold a meeting- on Thursday
evening in the Guild Room to be addressed
by. Chaplain Wallace, U. S. N.. retired, upon
"Entertaining the Crowned Heads of Europe
Upon an American Man of War."
CHURCH EXTENSION WORK.—Oakland,
Jan. 11.—The Oakland Church Extension So
ciety has elected the following officers for the
coming term: President, .T. F. Forderer; first
vice president, Rev. John F. Coyle; second vice
president, G. A. Hutchinson; secretary, E. B.
Winning; treasurer, C. W. Kinsey.
COMPROMISE DIFFERENCES. —Oakland,
Jan. 11.—The differences growing out of a
suit brought by Mary L. Scheithe against the
Co-operative Meat Company to eject them from
her premise* have been settled by th# dis
missal of its appeal from the decision of Jus
tic© of the Peace Quinn given in her favor.
NEW OFFICERS FOR MARITIME PROV
INCES ASSOCIATION.—OakIand, Jan. 11.—
The Maritime Provinces Association has elect
ed new officers for the coming term as fol
lows: President, H. C. Tupper; vice president,
W. L. Dimmick; treasurer. Captain J. H.
O'Brien; secretary, W. H. Bull; financial sec
retary, H. W. Smith.
BOYS CHARGED WITH * BURGLARY. —
Oakland. Jan. 11.—Chariee Marshall, George
Audet and Elmer Silver, boys under 16 years
of age. were booked to-day at the-City Prison
for burglary. The charges cover alleged thefts
from the School an* Eleventh-street
produce stores. The trio are scheduled fot a
State reformatory.
RESIGNS IN FACE OF CHARGES.—Oak
land, Jan. 11.—A. T. Jacobson, a special police
man, who made charges against Patr-olman 11.
B. Henderson that were Investigated by the
Police Commissioners, who exonflaccted Hen
derson, resigned to-day. Jacobson took this
course rather than to go before the board on
a charge of circulating defamatory reports
about Henderson.
EARLY RESIDENT DIES. —Oakland, Jan.
11. —Mrs. Eliza Lambert, mother of Miss Mary
Lambert, the California writer, died last even
ing at her home, 316 Tenth street. Mrs. Lam
bert came around the Horn in 1860, lived in
Marysville for a while and came to Oakland
in 1852. The funeral will take place Friday
morning from her late residence and mass
will be said at St. Mary's Church.
CARRY OUT GOOD WORK.—Oakland. Jan.
11.—The managers of the Beulah Rescue Home,
which is conducted by the Salvation Army
near Oakland, have made a report showing that
during the year Just closed 106 girls passed
through the home and of this number 92 per
cent showed good results. The home Is orowd
ed to the utmost and an additional building
has been obtained for the work.
WOULD ESCAPE SHARING LOSS.—Oak
land, Jan. 11.—The hearing of the suit brought
by Henry W. Taylor against the Oakland
Building and Loan Association 'was begun to
day. He asks that the company be stayed
from dissolving and wants it to pay him
$1168 65 that he has put into It. The com
pany Bays that as a shareholder he must take
his chances with the rest, as the compafay waa
operated at a loss.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.—OakIand, Jan. It.
The following marriage licenses were issued
by the County Clerk to-day: Edward J.
Fisher, over 21, and Susanna Schomberg, over
18, both of Alameda; Phillip J. Dahlen. over
21, Hartford. Conn., and Mary H. Brown over
18, Oakland; William Clark. 30. Vallejo, and
Rebecca H. Brooks, 30, Oakland; Charles E.
Cassidy, 25. and Bertha H. Luch, 20, both of
Oakland; Robert R. Farish. over 21. ami Car
rie M. Edwards, over 18. both of Oakland;
Sims Pounder. 23. and Laura Carman, 25, both
of Oakland.
To Receive Bond Ordinance.
OAKLAND, Jan. 11.—An ordinance
will be introduced at Monday night's
meeting of the City Council calling a
bend election for the submission of
the Bay Cities Water Company's pro
posal to furnish this city with a mu
nicipal water plant. The election will
be held between March 4 and 13, but
not on the regular municipal election
day, which is March 6. Under the law
the bond election must be held sep
arately from any general or munici
pal election.
RUNS INTO A TELEGRAPH
POLE AND BREAKS HIS NECK
George Gordon of San Jose Meets
With Fatal Accident While
Chasing a Cow.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 11.—While chasing
a cow that was attempting to get away
from him in the streets of Santa
Clara this afternoon, George Gordon,
about twenty years of age, ran into a
telegraph pole and struck it with such
force that he broke his neck. He
leaves a mother, sister and brother.
CHANTJTE, Kan., Jan. 11. —The Standard
Oil Company to day announced a 5-ceat cut in
Western oil. making a eat of IB cents in the
laat three weeks.
FREE FREE
WITH
BUNDAY CAM.
SMALL. ADS.
A Large Boa of
BUTTER BRITTLE.
A Delicious Confection,
Made by
THEOPOLD MORRIS & CO.
Free With Every Small Ad ln
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
CHARTER DAY
ORATOR NAMED
Princeton Man to Deliver
Address at University and
the Pacific Seminary
H. VAN DYKE CHOSEN
'
Subject of Discourse to
Be "Service of Poetry
and Its Eelation to Life"
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Jan. 11.
Announcement was made at the uni
versity to-day that Henry C. Van Dyke
of Princeton is to deliver the charter
day address at the university on March
23. The occasion is always one of im
portance in the year's events at the
university, and the presence of Profes
sor Van Dyke, who Is rated as a dis
tinguished litterateur, is expected to
make it more notable than ever.
Professor Van Dyke Is also to deliver
lectures at the Pacific Theological Sem
inary in Berkeley this year, which are
an annual feature of the seminary life.
The lectures are six ln number. They
are made possible by the benefaction of
E. T. Earl of Southern California, who
provided a fund of $50,000 for the pur
pose of obtaining each year the ser
vices of a distinguished scholar or sa
vant who should contribute his best
thought to the Pacific Theological Sem
inary. In a lecture course given in
Berkeley Dr. » Lyman Abbott waa the
lecturer last year. He took the place
of Professor Van Dyke, who had been
engaged to deliver the lectures, but was
prevented from doing so by the illness
of his wife.
Tho subject of Professor Van Dyke's
course is to be "The Service of Poetry
to Life." It will commence on April 1
and continue for one week. It is prob
able that they will be delivered, in part
at least, in either the Congregational or
Presbyterian church, to permit of a
large audience hearing them.
WASHINGTON OFFICIAL
FAVORS A STATE FARM
A. C. True Thinks Public Will See
* Necessity for Fostering the
Project.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, Jan. 11.
President Wheeler to-day made pub
lic a letter received from Director A.
C. True of the office of Experiment
Station of the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture, which discusses
of the needs of the agricultural de
partment of the University of Cali
fornia, in part as follows:
"The farmer of the future is to take
a much more active part in the gen
eial life of the community than the
farmer of the past, and he and his
children need to be brought into close
relations with the world of business
and letters. The situation ln the uni
versity and the needs of California call
for both the building and the farm.
It is certainly within the means Of the
State to provide both, and the best
results will come from the friends of
reform insisting on having both."
PUG DOG CAUSE OF
FIGHT BETWEEN WOMEN
Tale of Woe Told by Miss Gambler,
Who Also Exhibits Torn
Ear.
BERKELEY, Jan. 11.—In an at
tempt to recover a pet pug dog which
she alleges Is her property, Miss
Albertine Gambler declares she was
beaten with a broom stick in the
hands of Rose Yeager, at the home
of the latter on San Pablo avenue, so
th%t her ear was lacerated and her
head bruised.
Her story was told to Justice Edgar
to-day, when she swore to a complaint
charging the Yeagen woman with bat
tery.
Miss Gambier Is a lodging-house
keeper at 515 Kearny street, San Fran
cisco. She had been friendly with
Miss Yeager, and her pug dog was in
the care of the latter. The attempt
to remove the animal yesterday re
sulted In the fight described by the
lodging housekeeper.
HIS WORK SAVES THE
JUVENILES FROM CRIME
Probation Officer E. W. Decoto's Re
port Shows Good Done in Re
forming the Young.
OAKLAND, Jan. 11.—That much
good has been accomplished toward
.saving the young from crime is shown
by the report of Probation Officer
Ezra W. Decoto made to the Oakland
Club, which has taken a practical in
terest in the reformatory movement
among Juveniles. During the last
eighteen months eleven youths over
18 years of age ajid thirty-four boys
of lesser years have been placed un
der the care of Decoto by Superior
Court Judges, Police Judges and Jus
tices of the Peace. Of these one lad
was placed with the Boys' and Girls'
Aid Society, three were rearrested and
are now awaiting decisions in their
cases. The rest of the probation of
ficer's charges are employed or at
school and may be classed as - law
abiding. Since his appointment De
coto has been paid $50 a month by
the Oakland Club, the money being
obtained by popular subscription. Dr.
Sarah I. Shuey, chairman of the pro
bation officer committee of the Oak
land Club, has issued a statement
commending the excellent work done
by Decoto and makes an appeal to
the general public for financial assist
ance to further promote the reforma
tory movement.
Denmark's Cabinet Crisis.
COPENHAGEN, Jan. 11.—The re
maining members of the Cabinet have
resigned. King Christian has request
ed the Ministers to carry on business
until their successors are appointed.
BERLIN, Jan. 11.—The condition of labor
In the Westphalian coal fields, which has in
duced the growing strike, will be made the
subject of an interpellation la the Reichstag
(big week,
MEAD AT HELM
IN WASHINGTON
I Formally Inaugurated in
Olympia as the Governor.
While Mcßride Retires
* —•
TO CONTROL RAILROADS
In His Message Sent to the
Legislature He Favors a
Commission for Purpose
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 11.—Before a
Joint session of the two branches of the
State Legislature held in the hall of
the House and before a throng of spec
tators and State dignitaries, Governor
Henry Mcßride to-day read his retiring
message, and Governor Albert E Mead
took the oath of office and read his in
augural address and first message.
The Inaugural ceremony was very
brief. A simple oath office was ad
ministered by Chief 'Justice Wallace
Mount of the Supreme Court, and Gov
ernor Mead immediately began the
reading of his inaugural address.
In his message to the Legislature
Governor Mead recommends the estab
lishment of a State Railway Commis
sion and favors the adoption of meas
ures, whereby the Legislature by a
two-thirds vote may submit any bill
under consideration by that body to
the Judgment of the Supreme Court to
determine its validity. He recommends
the enactment of legislation to prevent
the acquisition and indefinite holding
of large tracts of State timber lands to
the exclusion and prejudice of small
mill owners; the passage of an anti
pass bill and the enactment of a law
providing for the appointment of a
commission with power to determine
and assess the value of corporate prop
erty.
UTAH SELECTS
NEW SENATOR
George Sutherland Will Be
Sent to Washington From
the State of the Mormons
SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 11.—At a
joint caucus of the Republicans of the
two houses of the Legislature to-night
George Sutherland was nominated
unanimously for United States Senator,
to succeed Thomas Kearns. As there
are only six Democrats in the Legisla
ture the nomination is equivalent to an
election. The houses will vote separate
ly next Tuesday.
George Sutherland was born in Buck
ingham, England, in 1862. At the age of
2 years he came with his parents to
Utah, where his father engaged in
trade and mining. After completing
his course at Brigham Young College,
Logan, Utah, he studied law at the
University of Michigan, where he grad
uated in 1883. He returned to Utah and
began the practice of law at Provo.
When Utah entered the Union Suth
erland was elected to the State Senate,
and in 1900 was elected to Congress,
where he served one term in the House
of Representatives. He declined a re
nomination in 1902.
Sutherland was married in 1883 to
Rosamond Lee, daughter of John Per
cival Lee. While not a member of the
Mormon church, Sutherland received
the support of the Mormon members of
the Legislature.
KEEPS COIN HE COLLECTED
TO DEFEND MAN'S LIFE
Sailor Fails to Turn in Money Gath
ered to Help Seaman Accused
of Murder.
HONOLULU, Jan. I.—Local naval
circles are perturbed over the com
ing trial of N Master at Arms Geneau
of the United Btates gunboat Wheel
ing for the murder of the negro prize
fighter, Ulysses Harris, in June last.
A feature of the case is that one of
the crew of the United States steam
ship Solace, when in port here, was
asked to see what could be done to
ward getting together a fund for the
defense of Geneau. He succeeded in
gathering more than a hundred dol
lars, but* never turned over the money,
and the unfortunate sailor is left here
ln Honolulu to face a trial for his life
practically without funds. The action
of the man on the Solace has been
reported to Captain Lyons, command
ant of the naval station, and he has
cabled to Guam to see what can be
done when the ship arrives there.
The Secretary of the Navy has been
communicated with in order to get
the attendance at the trial of Lieu
tenant Coontz, who was executive of
ficer of the Wheeling at the time of
the killing of Harris and who is now
navigating officer of the Buffalo.
CATAMOUNT ATTACKS STOCK
TRAIN ON ERIE RAILROAD
Hungry Beast Attempts to Get at a
* Carload of Sheep During
Halt.
PORT JERVIS, N. V., Jan. 11.—An
east-bound stock train on the Dela
ware division of the Erie Railroad
last night stopped to cool hot jour
nals. The train was transporting cat
tle and sheep. No sooner had it come
to a hart than the crew was startled
by the piercing cries of a wild animal
in the woods and a moment later a
huge catamount came bounding out of
the bushes and made direct for a car
of sheep.
The animal sprang rapidly against
the side of the car, sniffing and snarl
ing in its vain attempt to get at the
live stock. Then it crawled under the
trucks, causing great commotion
among the frightened sheep, whose
blratinga were loud and incessant.
fhe catamount lingered about the
train until it was well under way and
finally, with a snarl of baffled fury, re
treated to its lair.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1010 Broad way.
Telephone Main 1083.
BEItKELEY.
2IIS Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
+ +
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
WEDNESDAY. JANUARY H-
Margaret and J. H. Wilson (husband) to
Patrick Connolly, lot on SW corner of Market
and Twenty-second streets, W 110 by S 40 (rs.
corded January 10, 1005). Oakland; $10.
Frances L. Peterson (widow) to Bridget Ma
loney (widow), lot on W line of Myrtle street,
71.17 S of Sixteenth. S 32 by W 100. block
591. Ifoardman's Map, Oakland; flO.
Charles Camden (single) to Edward H. Ben
jamin, lot on NW corner of Eighth and Linden
streets, N 70 by W 115. block 615, Board
man s Map, Oakland; $10.
J. M. and A. J. Stow (wife) to Jams* M.
McNulty. lot on N Tine of Stow avenue, 100
W of Newton avenue. N 125 by E 60. Stow
Tract, said tract bounded on N by. Lake Bhore
and Bay avenue. E by Newton avenue and S
by Hanover avenue. East Oakland; $1500.
Em 11 J. O. and J. D. or James D. Hahn (as
executors of the estate of Catherine B. Vogt)
to W. W. Robson. all interest in lot on 8E
corner of Thirty-fourth and Magnolia streets.
SW 100 by SE 138:3; $1680.
Hoicomb J.and Company to F. C. WlUlan»e,,
lot on SE line of Howe street, 160 SW of
Mather, SW 32:6 by SB 126, lot 19 and portion
of lot 20, Thermal Hill (formerly Howe) Tract,
Oakland; $10.
Dicey A. Maloon (widow) to Carl J. M.
Sparr, lot on NW line of Eleventh avenue. 76
SW of East Seventeenth street, SW 36 by
Nw 110. block 87, Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
The Realty Syndicate to Granville D. Ab
bott, lot 1 and S 20 feet of lot 2, map of
Piedmont Springs Tract. Oakland Township.
$10.
William C. and Sophie Mason (wife) aad
Luther M. Williamson to W. J. Mortimer, lot
on N line of Allston way, 340 W of Oxford
street. W 50. N 132.50 E 20. S 6. S 30, S
127.50, lot 22. block B. Berkeley property,
maps Nos. 1 and 2, Blake Tract, Berkeley.
$ICO.
Lena Morrill to Simon S. Morrill (half) and
Raymond F. and Annie M. Morrill (quarter
each), lot 120 feet on Butterworth street by
135, being lot 8, block 1, map State University
'Homestead No. 3, Berkeley; $10.
Berry-Banga Land Company (corporation) to
J. W. McCreary, lot on N line of Russell
street, 160.66 W of Regent. W 40:2, N 135,
E 40:5, S 131 :6 to beginning, lot 7, block G,
Berry-Bangs Tram map No. 2. deed and agree
ment; Berkeley; $10.
Mary B. aim J. Holton to Peter
Christiansen, lot on SE corner of Everett street
and Santa Clara avenue, E 50 by S 160, Ala
meda; $10.
William H. and Ella P. Collins (wife) to
Thomas Stephens, lot on S line of Short streei,
W of Pine, W 25 by S 100:4>£, lot 29.
block 36. land on Oakland Point (Ralroad
Ferry Landing) Tract 408, Oakland; $10.
The Realty Syndicate (cQrt>oratlon) to Joseph
Peres, lots 42 and 44, block H, Thermal Hill
(formerly Howe) Tract, Oaaland; eio.
Grace M. Leavenworth (single) to Anna
Rosenberg (wife of Salomon), lot on 8 line of
Mono avenue, 'J22 W of Shattuck, W 48. S
136.28. E 48, N 134.5!), let 11. block D. re
dlvlsion of map of portion cf Brumagim Tract
W of Shattuck avenue, Oakland; $10.
Isabella and E. o. Uejorge. j\ husband) to
Josephine V. Wayhburn (wife Of T. A.), lot
42. block 2035. A. J. Snyder's resubdtvlaion of
portion of blcck 2035. map Rowland Tract.
Oakland; $10.
A. F. and Rowcna Edwards (wife) to Wil
liam Hammond Jr. (married), lot on W tine of
Linden sitreet, 150 X of Wen Twelfth, N
29:6 by W 100 Oakland; $10.
Harlow P. Bancroft to J. H. Traak, lot 6.
block H. map Santa Fe Tract 2, deed and
agreement, Oakland; $10.
Union Savincs Rank to Axel Johns >n (mar
ried), lots 60 and 61, map 2 of Mitchell Tracts
Oakland; $10.
lir nry A. and Lucie B. Butters to Charles
W. Merrill, lot on N line of Thirteen* h street.
101:0% W of Clay. W 48:11 Vs, N 100, £ 150.
8 62:11*4 to intersection with N line of Oak
land Gas, Light and Heal Company* brick
building, thence W 40:10& to corner in wall
of tame. N 2:IH. W 61:2%. S 39: Vii to be
ginning, lots 19, v>' and 25 and portion of lot*
21, 23 and 24. block 188, Kellersberger's map.
Oakland: $10. ,
Calvin A. Shaw (single) to Mary J. Rosen
berg (married), lot on W line of Twenty-third
avenue. 138.01* N of East Twenty-third, X
26.54. W 131.51. S 25.77. E 128.84, lot 14.
block A. subdivision of Heald Twenty-third
Avenue Tract, East .Oakland; $10.
Berry-Bangs Land Company (corporation) to
T. C. Berry, lot on NE comer of Russell
street and Hiliegass avenue. N 99.66. E 296,
S 73.98 W 297.6. lots 10 to 13. block L, Berry-
Bangs Tract, etc. (deed and agreement), Berke
ley; $10.
M. P. W. and Emma G. Albee (wife) and
M. A. Albee (single) to Catherine and Mary
Ann McGee, lot on NE corner of Grove street
and Bancroft way E 129.83, X 44.88, W 120.52.
S 45. lot 18. block 5. Shattuck Tract, Map 2.
etc.. Berkeley; $10.
The Realty Syndicate to N. B. and Delia
Allen (wife), W 40 feet of lots 1 and 2. block
11. McGee Tract, portion of plat 67, etc.,
Berkeley; $10.
Mary Holm (single) to K. A. and Louisa
Lalne (Helm), lot on SE corner of Grayson and
Ninth streets, E 75 by S 199, lots 10 to 18.
block 177, Grayson Tract, Berkeley; $10.
West End Building Association (corporation)
to M. E. Hayes, lot on W line of Blxth street.
106 N of Taylor avenue, N 38. W 108 8 40,
E 4:6, W 5, E 101:6, to beginning. Alameda;
$10.
William H. and Mary Jane or Mary J. Wil
liamson (wife) to James F. and May J. Moran
(Wife), lot on N line of San Jose avenue. 2*>
E of Willow street. E 60 by N 160, portion
of lots 6 and 7. in W half of Mock L, laads
adjacent to Encinal. Alameda; $10.
ENGLISHMEN IMPRISONED
WITHOUT CAUSE IN BRAZIL
British Government Takes Up the
Case of Ship's Officers
at Para.
"LONDON, Jan. 11. —Foreign Min
ister "Lansdowne has cabled to the
British Minister at Rio Janeiro to In
vestigate the circumstances of an al
leged outrage on the officers of the
steamship Rio Xapury at Para. The
Scottish Shipmasters* Association re
ported to Lord Lansdowne that while
the Rio Xapury was anchored at Para
on November 29. 1904, she was board
ed by uniformed men, who arrested
fhe ship's officers, took them ashore
and imprisoned them. No reason wis
assigned for this action and the fol
lowing day the ship's officers were re
leased. Meanwhile,"* however, their
cabins had been entered and prop
erty and money stolen.
German Coal Strike Spreads.
COLOGNE. Germany. Jan. 11.—The
strike of coal miners has spread.
Many diggers in seventeen additional
mines did not go to work to-day.
The number idle is about 35,000, or
one-eighth of the total.
I ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICK HEADACHE
i 11 . —I Positively cured by
jPADTTDO these Little Pills.
1 uAIAI LltO They also relieve Dls-
IWgm _ tress from Dyspepsia, In-
H[P ITTLC digestion and Too Hearty
ml I\ilT D Eating. A perfect rem-
Sjjjt I V Lit e<Jv for Dizziness, Nausea,
?H PILLS* Drowsiness. Bad Taste
jw an la the Mouth. Coated
Tongue. Pain in the Side,
1 TORPID LIVER. They
regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE,
jArITBSI CIiIRE SICK IIEAiJACIIB 
aprrTrjE Genuine Must Bear
I LV?? Fac-Simile SignaturePRETTY MISS DUTTON
WEDS JOSIAH HOWELL
BRILLIANT CEREMONY AT TRIMITY CHURC
A fair bride was Miss Gertrude Dut
tou as she plighted her love last nisht
to Josiah Howell, the well-known club
man.
Fair, too, was her troupe of attend
ants, gowned In chiffon c'.oth of the
pink of a pale rosebud.
At half-after-eight, the organ at
Trinity announced the coming of the
bride. Beautiful in all truth was she,
robed ln her nuptial gown nf cream
Spanish lace over chiffon, with a bil
low of fluffy flounces at her feet. Her
veil of tulle fell from a spray of orange
blossoms, and on her arm she bore a
shower bouquet of lllles-of-the-val!ey.
The bride, on the arm of her father,
William J. Dutton, was preceded to the
sanctuary by Miss Moliie Dutton. her
maid of honor, who was smartly
gowned in white chiffon cloth over pink
silk, and carried bridesmaid roses.
Then followed the four fascinating
maids—Miss Maylita Pease, Miss Belle
Karmes, Miss Edna Middleton and
Miss Pearl Landers—all gowned alike
in pale pink chiffon cloth frocks, and
bearing bridesmaid roses.
The groom was attended by Thomas
Barbour, while Edward M. Greenvvay,
Enrique Grau, Harry Dutton and Linrl
say Scrulton made a picturesque group
.of ushers.
The service was performed by Dr.
•Clampett, according to the impressive
ritual of the Episcopal church.
Soon after the ceremony, which was
witnessed by about 400 guests, the
bridal party and about 100 friends and
relatives drove to the home of the
bride on Pacific avenue, where a smart
reception was held.
At the supper table of the bridal
party were seated Mr. and Mrs. Henry
Dutton, Mr. and Mrs. Grayson Dutton,
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Janes.
After a post-nuptial trip—whither no
one knows—Mr. Howell and his bride
will occupy apartments at the An
toinette.
PLANS PREPARED FOR
BERGEROT SCHOOLHOUSE
. Board of Education Wants Appropri
ation for Purpose Out of Crgent
Necessity Fund.
The Board of Education has had
• plan« prepared for a four-room
school building for- the Bergerot
School on the city's lot at Twenty
fifth avenue and Lake street. The
. building will cost about $1500 and will
stop ihe rental of four rooms, which
are not sanitary. It is likely that the
Supervisors will allow the money
from the urgent necessity fund.
Miss Margaret Johnson will be as
signed to a regular class from the
substitute list in addition to the seven
Teachers whose names were published
in yesterday's Call. Miss Mabel Mil
ler does not desire regular assignment,
as she is teaching in the country. The
schools to which assignments are to
be made are the Franklin, Spring
Valley. Adams, Irving, Monroe Com
mercial and Lafayette.
School Inspecting Physician George
Frink yesterday asked School Direc
tor Boyle to get permission for him to
. lint and varnish a room in the Spring
Valley School.
A new class will be formed in the
Chinese School, there being 185 pu
pils enrolled.
Rises to Defend Aged Woman.
Samuel Valenzuela, a process serv
er, yesterday became abusive toward
a Mrs. Davies, an aged woman, ln the
corridor of the City Hall, whereupon
Deputy Justice's Clerk Jerry Collins
told him to desist. Valenzuela put
his hand to his hip pocket as if to
draw a revolver. Collins promptly
slapped his face. Valenzuela left,
threatening to have Collins arrested.
HEBREW LADIES' SOCIETY—The foj
iTwirijr have been installed as officers of the
Hebrew Ladles' Mutual Benefit Association
tor the current term: I. Baer, president; H.
Dew!*, vie*, president: Solomon Meyer, secre
tary (rv-«-iectPd). X. S. Friedbenr. treasurer:
L. C. Levy. L. Solomon and M. Lewis, trus
tee*; A. Fmtnbprfr, messenger, and Dr. Albert
Adler. physician.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL.
Few People Know How Useful It Is
in Preferring; Health and Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that char
coal is the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature, but
few realize its value when taken into
the human system for the same cleans
ing puroose.
Charcoal is a remedy that the more
you take of it the better; It is not a
drug at all, but simply absorbs the
gases and impurities always present ln
the stomach and intestines and carries
them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
smoking, drinking or after eating
onions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and im
proves the complexion. It whitens the
teeth and further acts as a natural and
eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the injurious gases which
collect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal in one
form or another, but probably the best
charcoal and the most for the money
Is in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges; they
are composed of the finest powdered
"Willow charcoal, and other harmless
antiseptics in tablet form or rather In
the form of large, pleasant tasting loz
enges, the charcoal being mixed with
honey.
The daily use of these lozenges will
soon tell in a much improved condition
of the general health, better complex
ion, sweeter breath and purer blood,
and the beauty of it is, that no possible
harm can result from their continued
use. but on the contrary, great benefit.
A Buffalo physician in speaking of
the benefits of charcoal, says: "1 ad
vise Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges to all
patients suffering from gas in stom
. ach and bowels, and to clear the com
plexion and purify the breath, mouth
and throat; I also believe the liver is
greatly benefited hy the daily use of
them; they cost but 25 cents a box at
drug stores, and although in some sense
a patent preparation, yet I believe I
get more and better charcoal In Stuart's
Charcoal Lozenges than in any of the
ordinary charcoal tablets."
$50.00 Prize Story/The Invention That Clanged the Will," Won This Week by W. E. Whitmore, in tot Sunday's Call
MISS GERTRUDE DUTTON. WHO AT TRINITY CHURCH LAST EVENING BE
CAME THE BRIDE OP J. R. HOWELL, A WELL-KNOWN BUSINESS MAN,
AND ONE OF HER PRETTY BRIDESMAIDS.
ORDERS RETURN
OF LAND MONEY
Department of the Interior
Benders a Very Important
Decision in Xevills' Case
A decision recently rendered by the
Secretary of the Interior at Washing
ton reached this city yesterday and
will be of great interest to purchasers
of Government land throughout the
country. In effect the decision orders
the return of purchase money paid for
land that has been confiscated by the
Government where it can be proven
that the purchaser acted ln good faith.
Millions of dollars that have been tied
up in Washington for the past twenty
flve years are likely to be returned to
claimants.
Government land is divided into three
classes —mineral, timber and agricul
tural. In attempting to secure this
land the prospective purchaser must
state specifically what character of
land he is taking up and must use it
for such. Should he make an entry on
timber land and It were afterward dis
covered that the property was more
valuable as mineral land his entry
would be canceled and the deposit
money forfeited. Injustice has been
done to many people ln this way, be
cause they acted In good faith at the
time they acquired the land and were
Ignorant of its properties. Nevertheless
the Government had driven them from
the land and retained their purchase
money.
Demand has been made many times
on the General Land Office at Wash
ington for the return of the money,
but the officials connected with that
institution claimed that they had no
right to do so. Affairs have run along
in this manner for the past twenty-five
years and there seemed to be no re
dress. Recently the law firm of McClel
lan & McClellan of this city made a de
mand for $232 97 paid by Captain W.
A. Nevills In Sacramento County dur
ing the year 1888. Nevills acquired the
land as timber land, but it afterward
transpired that It was rich in mineral
properties, and in 1890 his entry was
canceled. When the demand was re
fused by the General Land Office the
attorneys appealed the case to the Sec
retary of the Interior, and that official's
decision reached here yesterday. The
decision.states that inasmuch as Nevills
acted ln good faith the money should
be returned to him, and an order 'to
that effect was made. It Is expected
now that hundreds of other claimants
will take advantage of the decision and
press their claims.
Santa Ana Pastor Drops Dead.
SANTA ANA, Jan. 11.—Rev. Samuel
M. Eby, pastor of the Santa Ana Ger
man Baptist church, dropped dead to
day from apoplexy. He Was 63 years
old and leaves a widow and nine
children.
DOMESTIC TAKES HER OWN LIFE!—
Lizzie Sullivan, 27 years of age, died last
night at the home of her sister on Woodward
avenue, from the effects of arsenic, which she
took last Sunday night with suicidal intent.
The young woman had been a servant ln the
home of ex-Judge Wallace, on Van Ness ave
nue, but owing to ill health and despondency
she left her place three weeks ago.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JANUARY 12, 1905.
JURORS BELIEVE
WOMAN IS SANE
Verdict That Mrs. BaltzelPs
Mind Is Sound Contrary
to Testimony of Experts
Eleven of the twelve members of the
I jury called in Judge Murasky's court
■ yesterday to pass upon the sanity of
i Mrs. Kate Baltzell decided that she
! was mentally competent, although two
j members of the Insanity Commission
■ who had her case under observation
! testified that she was Insane. Mrs.
I Baltzell was the only witness In her
\ own behalf.
The woman a few weeks ago went to
| the Grand Jury rooms with a grievance
and told Foreman Andrews that if she
did not get justice she would take the
law Into her own hands. Mr. Andrews
detained her for awhile and turned her
over to Drs. Lustig and Wadsworth,
j who kept her in the detention ward of
the Emergency .Hospital for several
days. She demanded a jury trial and
had an hour's hearing. Both experts
declared that she was unbalanced and
was dominated by a delusion that she
was being defrauded and persecuted In
j connection with a patent obtained by
her many years ago. Her accusations
were directed against Attorney Powell,
who had assisted her in getting the pa
pers, and she named prominent men
who she said were against her.
W. J. Stone, a medical student, who
had known her for fifteen years, told
of a change ln her manner and of her
ideas of persecution, which led him to
believe that her mind was falling. She
was suspicious of her friends.
When Mrs. Baltzell took the stand
she answered every question rationally,
though she went Into interminable de
tails. She produced her patent papers
for her invention of a bandage to as
sist the knitting of wounds in surgical
cases. She admitted that she told Fore
man Andrews that she would take "the
law into her own hands," but said she
only meant that she would do some
thing to herself to get arrested and
thereby bring her case before the pub
lic. "Why, I wouldn't harm a hair In
Mr. Powell's head," she said. "I would
not kill a fly If I could. I am a weak
woman and It would shock my nerves."
When the jury returned Its verdict
Mrs. Baltzell rushed forward and shook
the hand of each one, including that
of the man who dissented ln the opin
ion.
Fountain Pens.
Let us fit your hand to a "Waterman
Ideal Fountain Pen" or a "Marshall." the
best $1.00 fountain pen in the world. It
Is just as important for a pen to fit your
hand as it is for a shoe to fit your foot.
Sanborn, Vail & Co . 741 Market street. •
Will Give a Minstrel Show.
The Cedar Brook Minstrel Company
will give a show and dance at Native
Sons' Hall to-morrow evening. After
the performance the floor will be
cleared for dancing. The following
members will take part in the pro
gramme: Bones, Edward Hogan, Bob
Conley and Guy Clayton; Interlocutor,
Captain W. N. Swasey; tamboes,
Dave Burson, George Bogen and Joe
Bronders.
TUTORS OBJECT
TO PRINCIPAL
Twelve Teachers of James
Lick School Petition for
Transfer of Albert Lyser
MAKE APPEAL TO BOARD
♦
Appear in a Body and Aver
That They Can No Longer
Continue Under His Sway
s
An extraordinary scene was enacted 1
yesterday in the asembly-room of the j
Board of* Education, when twelve j
teachers of the James Lick Grammar j
School appeared in a body and made a '
personal appeal to School Directors j
Roncovieri and Altmann that Albert
Lyser, their principal, be transferred
to seme other school.
j The gist of the complaint was that I
j the discipline of the school was becom- !
I ing demoralized as the result of the j
' overbearing tactics employed by Ly-1
• ser, and that if he were not trans- •
; ferred applications for transfer would
Ibe filed by the twelve teachers them-
I selves, as they felt they could no long
■er continue under Lyser's sway. The
! delegation was headed by Miss Mary
! Boyle, and each teacher explained her •
grievance, and did not mince words in
the explanation. The teachers objected
to having been reported fair or good ln
discipline. Miss Boyle was the only one
to be marked excellent, but she joined
in the appeal to have Lyser transferred.
"Mr. Lyser is insulting ln his man
ner to us," said Miss J. C. Evans, fifth
grade teacher. "He has frequently told
us that we did not know how to teach.
He himself does not teach in the
classes and seldom gives illustrated
work to the pupils.'.'
"We are here to ask this board to
send us somebody else as principal,"
said Miss J. L. Murphy, seventh grade
teacher, "if you do not we will all be
taken down with nervous prostration.
What is the use of breaking up a school
for one person? Mr. Lyser has pro
nounced us all miserable failures, and
we resent his adverse criticisms."
"He insisted that we should have to
live up to his ideals," said Mrs. Hattie
B. Steele, seventh grade teacher. "I told
him that I might be able to do so, but
it would put me in my grave. I have
done my best."
"That is right." said Miss Boyle face
tiously, "you cooked him a chop and a
cup of tea every day, but he had no
chops to-day or yesterday."
Another teacher said that Lyser had
treated her outrageously by misrepre
sentation, having told her that she was
his best teacher yet marking her only
"good" in discipline.
"He expects long extracts from the
Declaration of Independence," said
Miss Boyle, "and has no use for gram
mar or arithmetic. The children are
unhappy and do not want to work, and
the teachers are discouraged. We can
not do our duty with Mr. Lyser as
principal, and yet we do not want to
leave the school."
"How many of you want Lyser trans
ferred?" asked Roncovleri.
"We all do," said tfie twelve teach
ers, rising to their feet. "If he stays
we all want, to be transferred."
Roncovleri said the petition for Ly
ser's transfer would have to be consid
ered by the full board, which will be
done at to-day's meeting.
Tommy Hog's Father
Most sadly mistook when he thought
It was easy to lire the cook. In next
Sunday's Comic Section.
THIRD WIFE GETS LETTERS
ON SECOND WIFE'S ESTATE
Mrs. Butler Smith Makes Another
Move In Behalf of Stepchildren
Who Are Heirs.
Another move, significant in its
bearing upon the impending contest
for the guardianship of the two chil
dren of the late Butler Smith, was
made yesterday by his widow. Emily
May Smith, who applied to Judge Mu
rasky for special letters of adminis
tration upon the estate of Ella Rob
erta Smith, mother of the children
and second wife of their father. Judge
Murasky granted the application upon
the showing of her attorney, Burrell
G. White, that the rents derived from
the real estate need immediate atten
tion. Included in the realty Is a
building on Kearny street, which has
been appraised at $82,000.
The widow already has special let
ters upon her husband's estate, which
is worth about $60,000 and increases
the fortune to which the children are
heirs. The 13-year-old daughter,
Genevieve, accompanied her step
mother to court and told the Judge
that she wanted Mrs. Smith to be her
guardian. There is a provision in the
law giving a child old enough to judge
the privilege to make this selection, i
It is expected that some
may-develop from Mrs. Ella Chamber
lain, mother of the deceased Mrs.
Smith, .who lives in the East. It is
rumored that the application of the
nurse. Mrs. Findlay. for letters of
guardianship may Ye in the grand
mother's interest. It will be contend
ed that the grandmother has shown
herself to be opposed to the rights of
the children by having contested the
provisions of her daughter's will in
which she was left an annuity.
Mrs. Smith's guardianship applica
tion has been transferred to Judge
Kerrigan's court and will be heard
to-day.
Factory to Use Tules.
WOODLAND, Jan. 11.—A new ent
terrorise has been started here in the
manufacture of tule covers for bot
tles. The material is gathered from
the tule lands in this county. It is
claimed that the factory will make
valuable lands of those hitherto re
garded as worthless.
WOMEN HAVE ANNUAL DINNER.—Miss
Paulino Wormser, the well-known mod fate,
gave her thirty-five employes their annual
dinner last Monday evening at a downtown
cafe. Only femininity participated. Miss
Jfnnie Lyons served as toastmlstress, and
music was alternated with oratory. .
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN GIVES
HONOR TO REV. E. P. DEMPSEY
Succeeds Late Father M. Kingl
DISLIKE PLANS
FOR STRUCTURE
General Protest Against
Arrangement of Offices
in New Customs Building
Several letters of protest from brok
ers and others have been placed in pos
session of the Secretary of the Treas
ury, concerning the plans of Eames &
Young for the proposed Custom-house
to be erectea ln this city upon the site
H/t the present building. The most se
rious objections are made by customs
brokers and others having business at
that place. They say that there is a
crying need for the new Custom-house
because the business of the port has
largely outgrown the capacity of the
present establishment and that every
department in the building is over
crowded, but that an inspection of the
plans shows that in the new building
the congestion will be' Intensified in
stead of diminished.
Another complaint is that the new
plans contemplate the narrowing by
ten feet of the space between the Cus
tom-house building and the Appraisers*
building, which will not give drays suf
ficient space in which to turn around.
Under the new plans brokers and oth
ers will be required" to travel up and
down stairs and all over the building to
perform their duties, because the vari
ous offices, instead of being on one floor
as they are now, will be scattered on
different floors.
The proposed location of the United
States sub-treasury Is another serious
cause for objection. By actual scale
measurement on the plans, at least 1200
United States pensioners will be obliged
once a month to travel 280 feet by a
tortuous route to get to the sub-treas
ury from the street.
Some adverse criticisms have been
made against the exterior architectural
appearance of the proposed edifice. It
is said to resemble a large packing case
with holes for windows and doors
gouged into it. Senator Perkins and
his colleagues of the California delega
tion have been petitioned to use their
influence with the Treasury Depart
ment to cause the plans to be changed
to conform to the requirements of the
business.
Customs Collector Stratton said yes
terday that he had not given out any
thing for publication regarding the
matter, and that he would not, as he
did not think that>such a course on his
part would be either courteous or
proper.
A special dispatch to The Call from
Washington last night quoted Secre
tary Shaw as saying that no protests
whatever had reached him concerning
the plajjs for the San Francisco Cus
tom-house.
A New Art Gallery.
Our new art rooms scored a great suc
cess during the holiday season and we
still have an immense variety of good
things attractively displayed in the
handsomest picture room this side of
New Tork City. Inspection cordially in
vited. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market st.»
WATER RIGHTS ARE CONFUSED.—The
Judgment of the Dos Angeles Superior Court
apportioning t>e waters of Oa sitae Creek to
Soledad Gutierrez and Henry Wege waa re
\erseil by th«- Supreme Court yesterday. None
cf dozen rulings were allowed to stand,
anil the litigants musr fight the battle from
the beginning again unless they can com
promise.
Make* h«-r light end fluffy. Stops Itching Instantly
4301N&1 G-OING*!! GONE!!!
11l
KlfiME RILL faff IT. lEirif4K fffti Mlf If. TOO UTf HI KWICbK.
UCU/DDft'C UCDDIPinC dls"
Rs-ffuntJlJ nLnriUIUL n »" « h «' could b« saved. If your m.rrof
• w ■■■siBSB swßßSfssi couW Ulk It would plead with you to "save your
Ths Srieiul BtntstHul "MJ» Hi Otesfßff Str*." hair—not the combings." H can be done with
mmmm » Newbros Hcrpklde which kills the microbe that
HAN'T Rl Af*lP VOUP MIRROR causes dull, brittle and lusterless hair. ai»o <Und-
UOI> I DLAIICTVUK miWtUH ru« and falllne hair. Destroy the (term and the
Many ladles compel thejr mirrors to bear silent hair's natural luster and abundance will return,
witness to needless hair destruction. Day after Marvelous results. An exquisite hair dressing.
Brua Stortt, $100. Swo 10c., ttMsat, to HERftCIOE CO.. Dept. H, Oetnt!, Mich., fw i staple.
APPLICATIONS AT PEOMISEST BABBZB SHOPS.
NEW PASTOR APPOINTED TO
THE CHURCH OF THE IMMACT
DATE CONCEPTION. OAKLAND.
Archbishop Riordan has appointed
the Rev. Father Edward P. Dempsey to
the pastorate of the Church of the Im
maculate Conception, Oakland, to suc
ceed the lamented and venerable pas
tor, the Rev. Father Michael King,
whose death occurred December 12 last.
The announcement of Father Demp
sey's appointment will be received with
the greatest satisfaction by the parish
ioners across the bay, and his numer
ous friends in San Francisco will be
equally gratified that such a high honor
should have been conferred upon him.
Dempsey has acted as one of
the assistant priests at St. Mary's
Cathedral for some time, and his untir
ing efforts ln the numerous causes
which call for the sympathy and as
sistance of the clergyman readily won
for him a warm place in the hearts of
those who came in close touch with
him.
He is a fluent speaker and of the
kindliest bearing. Father Dampsey
will take with him to his pastorate in
Oakland the wishes and felici
tations of his San Francisco friends.
Cleanse and renovate the vital fluid (or
blood) and healthfully stimulate every
bodily function with Lash's Bitters. •
PATROLMEN MUST APPEAR
BEFORE COMMISSIONERS
Policemen Fred Danrcnheliu and
Thomas Wren Charged With Being
Absent From Their Beats.
Patrolmen Fred Daurenheim and
Thomas Wren of Captain John Moon
ey's company must explain to the Po
lice Commissioners why they were
absent from their beats on recent oc
casions. Daurenheim. whose watch
waa from 3 o'clock in the afternoon
until 11 o'clock of the same day,
could not be found on his 'beat on
Green street from Larkin to Webster
between the hours of 6 and 7 o'clock.
Eventually the patrolman was found
enjoying a sound sleep on a lounge in
the office of a coal yard at 1833 Union
street.
Wren, whose beat was on Fillmore
street from McAllister north, appear
ed during hours of duty at the City
Hall station assembly room, where
he was observed by Sergeant Harter.
He was commanded to report at Cap
tain Mooney's office. This command
he did not obey and as a consequence
he will be compelled to explain to the
Police Commissioners.
GEBER'S TRIAL. IS CLOSING.—The trial
of August Geber on Uie charge of shooting
and killing Charles Hartmann at 321 Third
street on July 10 Is drawing to a close before
a Jury In Judge Dunne's court. The prose
cution closed yesterday afternoon, and several
witnesses testified tor the defense as to the
defendant's erratic conduct to bear out the
plea that he Is insane. The case will prob
ably go to the Jury this afternoon.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B. KATSCHINSKII
Philadelphia Shoe Co. I
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO I
Adjoining Call Ruilding. H
We give Free Premium Checks I
with all purchases (except; Special ■
Sal* Shoes). Ask for our fras ■
Premium Checks. You can ex- ■
change, them for elegant presents ■
and beautiful house furnishings. ■
Prices Cut on Elegant Values
Now is the time to get high
grade guaranteed Shoes for less
than half the regular price. We
have made another big out in
prices to keep our business boom
ing. Don't overlook our Special
Reduction Sale this week. It
means a chance for you to save
money.
SPECIAL LEASES: Ladles'
White Kid Slippers, several lines
bunched together; made with
band-turned soles and medium
French heels, either plain opera,
with elegant satin bows or on*
strap over instep. A REGULAR
51.50 GRADE PRICE REDUCED
TO 55c
Vici Kid Lace, High-Grade Makes
We have gathered together for
this Special Sale many of our best
makes of *L\so. $3.00 and $3.50
Lace Shoes, made with modern
shaped toes and patent leather
tips, neat flexible sewed soles and
dressy Cuban heels: we have most
all sizes and will sell the entire
lot at an immense reduction. RE
DUCED SALE PRICE R1.55
Sizes to 8. Widths AA to K.
end Instep
Supporter jßjf
Mr. Katschinski has made a spe
cial study of correcting weak
ankles and broken down insteps
and'has successfully cured hun
dreds of people by making to order
Ids special Instep and Ankle Sup
flbrtcr
Any person who turns the coun
ters of their Shoes to one side, or
who complains of aching feet
should call and have a pair made
•to their special measure. They
can be worn inside any Shoe and
the relief is notlcable at once.
Prices according to kind re
quired HI .SO to R3.50
REFERENCES:
Capt. H. R. Gleason of the San
Francisco Police Department.
Miss E. Steffens, 1915 Webster
Street.
Dr. P. Collischonn, 759 Folsom
Street.
And many others.
We also make a specialty of
making to order Cork Sole Shoes
of all descriptions for deformed
feet. 1
MAID ORDERS FILLED. jg
B. KATSCHINSKII
10 THIRD ST., San Francisoo. I
No Breakfast Table
complete without
EPPS'S
The Cream of Coooas.
COCOA
The Most Nutritious
and Economical.
SHERWOOD * SHERWOOD.Pacific CoMt Agfa
Perfect-Fitting
fy Eyeglasses w
fj At Moderate Cost t>|
v 642 'Market St
aDr.Oibbon's Dispensary,
62!) KEARNY ST. Established
In I*S4 for the treatment of Private
pis.-a-.es. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearingon riodyand mind and
Skin PlaifMf T*" Doctor cores wden
oNiers fait. Pry him. Charges low.
4'nrra ffUßi'aMto**. Call or writ*.
Or. j. p. «?BBOX. San Fnu-'iaco. Cat
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
LEAKY ROOFS AMD SKYLIGHTS.
All kinds repaired. Globe Sheet Metal Works.
1176-1178, Mission st. Phone Main MSI.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD ft ELLIS.
418 Front at.. S. F. Phone Main 17H.
PRXMTIRO.
E. C. HUGHES, 611 Sansome st.. S. F.
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALD COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McNAUGHT -• • Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, SAN FRANCISCO
Thursday January 12, 1905
RUSSIA'S REASON FOR FIGHTING.
IMMEDIATELY after the fall of Port Arthur there was.a wide
spread feeling that peace would now be possible. With that
stronghold in the hands of Japan, and with the whole coast clear
beyond V ladivostok guarded by the fleets of Togo and Kamamura,
it is apparent that Russia must handle a military situation by land,
over 6000 miles of single track railway,, and that distance from her
base equalizes her resources with her smaller enetrn\
Japan did not hesitate in declaring that peace with future safety
would accord with her policy. This declaration was agreeable to
the rest of the world, and a sign from Russia has been anxiously
expected. But there is no sign. The enormous carnage in the East,
the pathetic sights at Port Arthur, the sorrow, suffering and death,
make no impression in the presence of a desire to repair the national
prestige. It was hoped that the splendid conduct of Great Britain
would appeal to Russia. The North Sea incident was an attack on
the prestige of the British empire. The nations expected that it
would lead to war. But Great Britain, with admirable self-control
and a spirit that is beyond praise, dismissed the issue of prestige
and ambition, and consented to peace by arbitration.
The analogy is not forced nor remote. If Russia had chosen
she could have indicated her respect for the "world's desire for peace
by proposing arbitration of the issues that are between her and
Japan. It would be no sacrifice of prestige to do so. Indeed, from
the point of view of the sober mind, her prestige would be increased
by such action. We believe the time is here when the nation that
submits a warlike challenge to peaceful adjustment by arbitration
will stand at the head of the nations, morally the greatest of them
all. But Russia puts aside the olive branch and turns the dove of
peace over to the pot hunter and insists upon recovering by arms
the prestige that she has lost by arms. The Russian press calls the
roll of sad and sore defeats and declares there can be no peace until
the score is evened by victory. Therefore the war is to go on. The
Russian logic is that every future defeat will make continuance of
war more necessary. It seems like a whim, a fantasy, but this logic
seems intended to throw upon Japan the responsibility for the
continuance of the war. If she would only cease whipping the Rus
sians they would make peace!
When the Czar called the first peace conference at The Hague
it was hailed as high evidence of Christian enlightenment, heralding
the end of war. The spirit believed to be expressed in that call was
complimented throughout the world. Had the Czar that spirit? Did
he desire peace? Was he sincere? These are the questions asked
everywhere now. If the Czar desired to establish peace on earth,
to end the sorrow and suffering, the poverty and national decadence
caused by war. he must have known that he could only impress this
desire upon the world by making a sacrifice. He has now the op
portunity to go into history as the greatest man who has ruled men.
If he desire to acquire prestige in which he will have no rival, he can
do it by proposing arbitration.
Japan is necessarily passive. Her war is defensive. She has
no ambitions for conquest and asks only the right to exist. She is
where England was when the invincible Armada sailed for her
coasts, and her existence was threatened by Philip 11. Then the
greatest empire on earth attacked a small and weak kingdom and
was defeated. The Czar can learn from that history that victory
is not always with the strong. He can be greater as a peacemaker
than as a warmaker. As the war goes on he is only increasing the
respect felt for his antagonist. Even the Kaiser decorates both Nogi
and Stoessel, an acknowledgment of equality of merit. If Russia
go on making war to recover prestige, .the world, now lacking in
sympathy for her, will not be lacking in enmity.
MATRIMONY IN KANSAS.
SINCE one of the legislators of Kansas introduced a bill for a
law making marriage a limited contract, with a tenure of ten
years, with a proviso that when that period is up the contract
is renewable.at the option of both parties, or they may divide the
property and the children and separate, with freedom to make a
new conjugal contract with somebody else, another legislator, per
haps moved by some unhappy conjugal experiences, has expressed
a desire to limit the contract to five years. Of course if the policy
of limitation be once adopted, there is no bar to a shorter period, and
many will prefer one year.
\\ hen the bill was first proposed it was regarded as a joke, but
it seems to be meant in all earnestness. Many say it will put an
end to divorce. This is not so. A divorce is the judicial dissolution
for cause of a marriage contract. The proposed law will establish
automatic divorce. It will make divorce practically universal. View
ed from the standpoint of morals and public policy, the law is a prac
tical dissolution of all family ties and an abolition of the home life.
It invites the exaggeration of petty differences and bickerings, and
makes unnecessary that exercise of patience, philosophy and mor
ality upon which the family relation depends. It degrades that re
lation to the level of the beasts that perish, and destroys the repose
and confidence and certainty so necessary in the right rearing»of
children. ,
We doubt the capacity of a State to enforce such a law. All
contracts are judicially reviewable to test their conformity to good
conscience and public policy. These have dictated the permanency
of the marriage contract, making it dissoluble orriy for such reasons
as the divorce laws define as proper cause for its termination. We
cannot believe that a limited contract would be held by the courts as
of superior sanctity to those temporary and immoral relations which
courts have always frowned upon. The good of the state depends
upon the permanence and virtue of the domestic relations of hus
band and wife, parent and child. The evil of divorce is that it in
terrupts this permanency and makes temporary those relations which
are needful to the perfect home as the foundation of the perfect
state.
CALIFORNIAN OLIVE OIL.
IN a bulletin recently issued by the State Agricultural Experiment
Station at Berkeley G. W. Shaw, one of the station's staff, calls
attention to the wide possibilities yet remaining undeveloped in
the olive oil industry. With changing commercial conditions and
the introduction of more scientific methods in the process of oil
manufacture, a field* of activity which has heretofore been given
over to more or less spasmodic and insufficient effort now becomes
broad enough to attract the attention of the most progressive grow
ers and manufacturers in California.
According to Professor Shaw's word the olive oil industry has
undergone a change similar to that recently effected in dairying
interests. It is no longer the individual oil producer of small ca
pacity that has a chance in the market, but the work of manufacture
must be controlled by a central plant, located in reference to the
olive orchards as a creamery has relation to the dairy farms sup
plying it, and working either co-operatively with the growers or un
der private ownership. Under the old system of individual manu
facture by the growers themselves, done as it was on a small scale
only to fill a limited special demand, the quality of the general out
put was such that the competition of foreign and adulterated oils
could not be met. A uniform product and a strong home market
alone can justify olive oil manufacture in the State at the present
time.
The total importations of olive oil from Italy, France and the
other foreign centers of production for nine months ending March
31, 1963, aggregated $1,314,676; the California product for the same
time was of $150,000 value only. This is a strong market to oppose,
but in our State conditions for olive production and oil manufacture
are favorable enough to warrant a certain shifting of the balance in
our favor if only uniformity in manufacture and vigorous promotion
of the home product is inaugurated.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JANUARY 12. 1905.
ALMS AND THE MAN
THE little old barrel organ wmnea
away monotonously, its squeaky
drone all but drowned in the roar
of traffic in the street. Its three tunes
followed one another in ceaseless suc
cession; the jerky strains of "After the
Ball" were supplanted by "The Last
Rose of Summer," and this in turn
cave way to "Lead, Kindly Light"—a
rendition which was unique in uneven
breaks and phthisicky wheezes due to
implications in the internal mechan
ism of the dilapidated affair.
Huddled on the bricks of the side
walk, his back resting against an iron
fence, an old man with a rusty gray
beard patiently ground the crank; in
the little tin cup beside the organ were
three pennies; and suspended from the
aid man's neck was a tin sign with the
time-Worn announcement, "I Am
Blind."
As Francesca West and young Hol
ander came down the street, the or
jan was in the throes of "Lead, Kind
y Light," and the spasmodic snarls
it sent out seemed somewhat in the
nature of a protest. Francesca caught
ike young man's arm, and they halted
!>efore the organ.
"Oh," she said under her breath,
'what a horrible old man!" And fish
ng a quarter from her purse, she
iropped it into the tin cup.
The old man touched his hat. grunt
'd a stereotyped "Thanks, mum." and
he hymn squeaked along Its uneven
vay. Hollander watched the pmceed
ng with a grim smile.
"The old humbug!" he commented as
:hey continued their way down the
rtreet.
"Why do you say that?" Francesca
isked.
"Well," said Hollander, "perhaps you
lotlced he suffixed his thanks' with
l 'mum' instead of a 'sir.' I was watch
ng closely and saw the old codger
:overtly open the eye nearest the cup.
Rest assured he saw the quarter and
ts donor as well as I did."
"Anyway," she said, "he earns the
>ittance he gets. Imagine sitting there
ill the morning grinding that organ
md listening to its drone, all for
hree pennies."
"Don't let the pennies deceive you,"
Hollander protested. "He puts the
dckels and dimes in his pockets. It
vould hurt business to have the tin
up look too prosperous. By this
ime your quarter is safely salted with
he rest, and the three pennies make
FROM GIRL'S STANDPOINT PROPOSAL
MARKS THE BEGINNING OF COURTSHIP
DOROTHY FENIMORE
WHEN does courtship begin? Does
a young man commence to court
his affinity when he first meets
her. or when he recognizes her as his
affinity?
This Interesting question was raised
a few days ago in the English probate
and divorce court, when the validity of
a certain Scutch marriage was ques
tioned.
When the witness on the stand hesi
tated over her answer to fhe query,
"How long had your husband been
courting you when he proposed?" Sir
Francis Jeune, who was on the bench,
came to her rescue by the decision that
a man does not himself know when he
begins to court a girl.
Says Oliver Wendell Holmes, through
his "Autocrat" as mouthpiece: "The
court of nature assumes the law to be
that all men love all women; and the
individual man therefore is bound to
show cause why he does not love any
particular woman."
Now, if the Autocrat is right about it
the decisive moment which fixes a
man's fate is the one when his sponta
neous gallantry toward the other sex
changes into a readiness to state why
he does not love any woman on earth
except one. This would make real
courtship date from the proposal.
A distinction should be drawn be
tween gallantry and courtship. Every
pretty girl knows the difference be
tween the two. She has had dozens of
men who are willing to confess that
they prefer tandem to double harness,
tell her that she is adorable, that their
suffering hearts are beneath her danc
ing feet. But they are too generous by
far to be trusted.
They ask for nothing in return for
that picturesque self-abnegation which
THE AGENT DIDN'T KNOW.
ILLUSTRATING the frequent ignor
ance of his own wares displayed by
the selling agent, the following
(true) story .is told by H. W. Lanier ln
January W T orld*s Work:
There are to-day some thousands of
varieties of life insurance policies,
each of which has a technical name
and Is capable of being made quite
unintelligible to the average man.
Some unscrupulous agents trade on
this; many do not really understand
the meaning of terms themselves, but
have learned their lesson, parrot-like;
and most of them apparently find it
unnecessary to describe in plain Eng
lish to those about to insure what they
are contracting for. The result is a
mass of misinformation and confusion
about the whole subject.
Injurious Effects of Smoke.
An interesting discussion has been
going on in Utah to determine the ef
fect of the smoke from smelters upon
crops, as many of the farmers near
Salt Lake City claim that they have
suffered damage by the injurious
fumes given off from such establish
ments. Inasmuch as the annual value
of agricultural products in Utah
amounts to $17,000,000, while the metal
lic output js practically twice as much,
it is of importance, says Harper's
Weekly, that conditions should be reg
ulated so that neither industry is in-
FORBES DWIGHT
their pathetic appeal to other tender
hearts."
Francesca's brow wrinkled in disap
proval.
"I'd hate to look at the world through
such green goggles of cynicism," she
said. "I always give something to
every beggar in my path."
"Allow me to take exception to that
statement." said the young man.
"Some of the beggars' pleas you don't
deign to notice."
"Indeed!" said the girl with a slight
"Is It money he begs?" she J I
inquired sweetly.
lifting of her pretty eyebrows. "When
have you noticed such oversight on
my part?"
"There is one beggar in particular,"
said Hollander, "an honest beggar,
too. whom you utterly ignore. He
needs your alms far more than your
pseudo-biind organ grinders."
"Where Is this neglected beggar?"
she asked. "When have I seen him?"
"He has dogged your steps for the
last Ove years," he said gravely. "He
has led them to make rugs of them
selves beneath the ball slippers of
beauty. No girl of common sense could
believe for a moment in these days
4 +
that a man is courting her until he has
unmistakably proposed.
The other day, at a reception, I no
ticed that the pretty girl who was next
to me ln the dining-room was watching
For instance, an agent was trying
to insure an editor on some new plan.
The editor had a theory that any fact
could be put into plain every-day Eng
lish, if the man-behind the fact really
knew what he was talking about. After
listening to an involved flow of "pre
miums," "deferred dividends," "cash
surrender values," and "optional
choices," he said gravely:
"See here. I don't understand what
you're talking about. But til tell you
what I'll do. If you'll write that
proposition out in ordinary English,
so that an ordinary man can under
stand It, I'll not only take the policy,
but ill publish the explanation as an
article and pay you $100 for it."
"Will I? Sure, I will," exclaimed
the overjoyed agent, thinking he had
jured, either by direct effects or by
restrictive legislation.
Explained at Last.
"Why," asked the man who wanted
to • know, "do laundrymen always
change the marks on collars when they
get them for the first time, even If the
old laundry mark is perfectly plain?"
"Each laundry," answered a patient
sufferer, "has a private mark; by this
means they know when they have had
a collar three times, and at the third
time they are enabled to put a saw
edge on it."—Cleveland Leader.
has sat at your feet and held out his
little tin cup for alms, but you have
been blind to his presence and deaf
to his plaints."
Francesca smiled maliciously.
"Is he ragged and dirty?' 'she
asked. "Would I know he was a beg
gar just to see him?"
"You would know he was a beggar
just to hear him." he returned.
"Is it money he begs?" she inquired
sweetly.
"No," he said, "it's not money he
wants. He has enough of that him
self. He begs for interest and sym
pathy and love."
"And suppose I dropped some
love—cr —that is, sympathy I mean —
in his cup, what would he do? Would
he grind me a tune on a decrepit bar
rel organ?"
"He'd give you life-long deyotion la
return," he said earnestly.
"Perhaps he's as big a humbug as
the blind man," she mused. "Perhaps
he's picked the metaphorical dimes
and nickels out of his cup and stowed
them in his pockets and only lets me
see the three pathetic pennies."
"Fancesca!" he said ln hurt sur
prise.
She laughed rather uneasily.
"I said 'perhaps,' " she reminded
him.
•"I see," he said, somewhat mollified.
There was silence between them for
a moment.
"He's an honest beggar," the young
man said. *
"He's a most persistent one," she
laughed.
"You say you give alms to every
ragged mendicant who crosses your
path. You wouldn't pass him by,
would you?" he asked.
"If I thought he really needed
alms —" she began.
"He does! I assure you he does!"
he said earnestly.
"Then, Just to stop his begging,"
said Francesca, looking at a cornice
on the other side of the street, "I'll —
I'll give him what he asks."
On his way home they passed the
old man with the barrel organ again.
Hollander tossed a half dollar into his
cup. The old man touched his hat
and mumbled a "Thanks, sir."
"Crafty old party," Hollander
chuckled as he walked up the street
with the girl.
"All beggars are crafty." she said,
turning to him with a bewildering
smile.
(Copyright, 1905, by T. C. McClure.)
with open amusement a handsome man
who was leaning over the aebutante
presiding at the coffee urn. He was
saying Bornethlng which made the
child's face fldsh daintily, and her eye
lids droop, ily neighbor, whom I knew
intimately, turned to me.
"I know just what Jim's saying to j
Mabel." she said. "You know, I came
out last year, and he used to stand by '
my side in exactly that same way, and
—well, you know him, don't you?—he is
always rushing madly to the very end j
of the pier, but he never Jumps off." j
Know him? Indeed 1 knew him. He
practiced on me years ago, and even
now he has the magnificent nerve to
tell me whenever he meets me that I
have always been to him the one wom
an in the whole, wide world.
Up to the moment of the actual pro- j
posal. my dear, a man's attentions are j
worth only what they cost him In ef- )
fort, or ln hard cash. You can Justly
sum them up as follows: This man
loves me so many dollars' worth of or- |
chids or so many boxes of candy. That
man's devotion is worth a box party at !
the opera or an automobile ride. Don't
deceive yc-urself by believing that his
gallant performances are courtship
until he has asked the momentous :
"Will you?"
I think, however, that it is worth I
your while, after the die is cast, and |
the newspapers have announced your
engagement, and you have begun to
order your trousseau, and your fiance
has put his surplus of worldly goods
into a diamond solitaire, for you to be
lieve, and to convince—if you can—the
man whom you are going to marry
that you both have been dead In love ;
with each other from the very first
moment you met. that if fate had not
felicitously thrown you together
neither of you would ever have entered
matrimony.
indeed struck an easy Job. And he
departed, adjuring the editor not to
forget.
A week passed by. The agent called
up on the telephone to say that he
was working on the thing. There was
less exultation in his voice.
Two weeks more elapsed. The edi
tor had forgotten the whole thing,
when the agent's card came in one
day. It was followed by the man him
self.
"Well," said the editor. "Got my
article?"
"N-no." said the agent, sheepishly.
"The fact is, I guess I can't do it the
way you want it. after all. Let's call
it off."
It is hardly too much to say that
this Is typical.
Five Million Life Policies.
An expert statistician figures that
there are to-day some 5,000,000 of adult
males (that is, one out of every three)
in this country who carry life insur
ance, outside of the fraternal orders
and the like. There were, at the end
of last year, nearly 19,000,000 policies in
force. There are only a little more
than twice as many adult males to-day
as there were forty years ago.
Kleptomania is a disease for which
the victims are always taking some
thing.
THE SMART SET
The wedding ceremony of Miss Lo
leta McConnell and Robert Stoekdale
Grayrigge drew a large number of
friends to Grace Church yesterday af
ternoon at 3 o'clock. Easter lilies,
with palms and other greens, were
lavishly used in decoration. The bride,
who is a winsome and pretty maid,
was exceptionally charming In her
bridal robe of ilne old mousseline and
rare lace. Beautiful in itself, the robe
was also an heirloom, having been
worn by three brides before this fair
one donned it. She carried lilies of
the valley. Miss Dorothy Chapman,
maid of honor; Miss Alice Eloesser,
Miss Jeanne Gallots, Miss Avis Sher
wood and Miss Lillian Hodghead at
tended the bride, who was given into
the groom's keeping by her father,
Chalmers Newton McConnell. Walker
Bours served as best man, with Alan
Dimond, E. Thlrkell, Newton Andruss
and Warner Sherwood as ushers. A
reception was held at the home of the
bride's parents after the ceremony.
A wedding trip through Southern
California will precede the voyage to
Europe. Mr. and Mrs. Grayrigge will
make their home in England.
• • *
Miss Irene Sabin will be entertained
at a luncheon given to-day by Miss
Beatrice Fife.
c •
Miss Marie Wells is to be enter
tained to-day at a tea given in the
Palace Hotel by Mrs. Fremont Older.
• * *
Mrs. Leonard Chehery and Miss
Ethel Patton were hostesses at lunch
eon yesterday at their home on Clay
street. Among the favored guests
were Miss Marie Wells, Miss Gladys
Deal, Miss Jeanette Deal, Miss Maye
Colburn, Mrs. Farquharson and Mrs.
Ralph Hart.
• » *
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Kohl enter
tained sixteen guests at dinner one
evening this week. The affair was in
' honor of Mr. and Mrs. Horace Blanch
ard Chase.
• * •
No home is 'more popular among the
younger set than that of Mr. and Mrs.
j Thomas Wain-Morgan Draper. They
j entertain delightfully, though informal
j ly, on Sunday afternoons, and the merry
1 beaux and belles are fond of wending
' their way toward that hospitable home,
j where there Is always a welcome. This
' coming Sunday a young visitor from
I Vancouver Barracks will be an addl
i tional attraction. She is Miss Johnson,
! the guest of General and Mrs. Coolldge,
but will be honored on this occasion by
Mrs. Draper and Miss Elsa Draper.
• • *
Another pleasant Sunday tea in pros-
I pect is to be given by Mrs. Frederic
! Spencer Palmer to Miss Agnes Buch
! anan.
• • *
Among the guests at Miss Maud'
SUNNY SIDE OP LIFE
HIS PROFESSION.
Weary—Wot Is your profesh,
Fagan?
Frayed Fagan—l'm a caretaker.
Weary—W T hat do you take care of?
Fagan—Dat I don't do any work, of
course.
HIS FUTURE.
She—Well, nevertheless, he has got
future before him.
He —Yes; but he has lived so fast
think he has got ahead of it.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
DES MOINES—Sub., City. Dcs
I Moines, lowa, was laid out in 1816,' in
corporated as Fort Dcs Moines in 1861
and in 1857 it became a city and the
capital of the State.
PRESIDENT—F. S., City. There is
no law that declares that a man who
is eligible to the Presidency of the
United States shal lnot be elected to
the office for a third term.
NAVAL WAR COLLEGE—W. H.,
Trinidad, Cal. For admission into the
naval war college at the naval station.
Narragansett Bay, R. 1., address a let
ter of inquiry to the president, Charles
S. Sperry. In this college there is a
course of three months each year of
SALLY SHARP
i Payne's tea on Tuesday were Miss
I Florinne Hunt, Miss Eliza Kline. Miss
j Isabel Brewer. Miss Marie Brewer and
Miss Mary Wilcox.
• • •
Mme. Inez Carusi, the harpist, was
the guest of honor at the Sequoia Club
on Tuesday evening. Those attending
were charmed by whistling solos given
by'Mme. Carusi. who accompanied her
self on the piano. Miss Grace Laeweny-
Jones read a prologue of the solos,
making an interesting explanatory note
of the musical rendition. Mme. Carusi,
who is to play here with the grand
opera, will be given a reception by the
Press Club on January 31.
« • •
Mrs.W.S.Leake will give a reception
in honor of Mrs. J. J. Spieker and Miss
Georgie Spieker next Saturday after
noon at the Palace Hotel, from 4 to
6 o'clock.
• • •
Vladimir de Pachmann will give a
Chopin programme before the St.
Francis Musical Art Society on the
evening of January 26.
* * •
Miss Irene Sabin is having her hours
well filled, for this is her final week
for some time among the pleasures of
her charming set of friends. She
leaves with Miss Pearl Sabin on Sun
day for where new
gayeties await, and no one will ex
tract more real enjoyment than this
young debutante, who is thoroughly
appreciating her entrance into so
ciety's realm. Of the many recent
affairs given in Miss Irene's honor
none has been prettier or more suc
cessful than a luncheon yesterday, at
which Mrs. Squire Varrick Mooney
was hostess. Red was the prevailing
shade, evidenced by rich American
Beauty roses, candelabra and place
cards. The other guests were: Miss
Pearl Sabin, Miss Georgie Spieker,
Miss Jessie McNab, Miss Jessie Fill
more, Miss Alice May, Miss Bessie
Bates, Miss Nell Rose Baggett, Miss
Bessie Wilson, Miss Rachel Hovey,
Miss Huffman, Miss Edith Manning.
* * *
Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Foulkea, who
are residing at the Colonial, will re
ceive after January 21.
• • •
Miss Paula Wolff was Oie guest of
henor yesterday at a luncheon given
by Miss Edith Muir.
• • *
Jack London will speak before the
Council of Jewish Women at their next
meeting.
see
Lee L. Gray is at the Palace from
Fresno.
• • •
Lieutenant Sypher has been enter
taining Mason Terry at the Presidio
for several weeks. Mr. Terry leaves
this week for his home in Washington,
D. C.
SHE HAD HAD THEM.
Mrs. Wrights—Some things go with
out saying.
Mr. Wrights—A cook don't.
UP-TO-DATE.
Customer (in department store) —
Where is the powder counter?
Floor-Walker —Face, gun or bus;'
lectures and instruction in the manipu
lation of tomedoes. The members of
the class are chiefly officers and men in
the torpedo service, though the lectures
are designed to correspond with all the
branches of naval Improvement and ad
vancement. This course was established
by the Government at Coaster Harbor,
Newport, in 1889.
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st.«
We must move Feb. 1. Townsend*
California Qlace Fruits. 715 Market st. ■
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). »• Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main I»4J. ■
Store Wanted.SWEET SINGERS STIR THE
TIVOLI AUDIENCE.
Italian Opera Company Opens In "iupoletto"
For the first night of its first grand
Opera season the new Tivoli heaped up
history last night with all kinds of a
wonderful 'Rlgoletto.'' The audience
was as large as the house and almost
as Latin as the cast. It was as en
thusiastic and ready to say so as any
audience this side of Milan, and said so
mightily last night.
There were must reasons for en
thusiasm. There is a soprano—but of
Tettrazzini later—and there Is a con
ductor that lives up to even the Mexi
can legends of his achievements.
Yesterday morning the company
walked into the Tlvoli after a little
4000-mile journey from Mexico. They
were washed out at Banning, almost
kidnaped by the music-loving Governor
of Chihuahua—who wanted them to
put us off for a day or two and sing
-a little tenor for him—and otherwise
happily beguiled on the way. Yester
<iay morning tired, dusty, with a hand
ful of orchestra, part of a chorus, the
scores somewhere, the costumes else
where, the principals and a conductor,
they arrived. It is owing to the fact
that the conductor was a Pollacco that
last night's performance was given at
all. Its kind also is due to the same
fact.
Signor Pollacco is a wonderful sort of
person. He has the fire of a Creatore
and the fineness of a Mancinelli. He
was all over the orchestra last night.
dartMsj: a rapier-like baton at the vio
lins, whipping in the brass, coaxing the
wood wind and compelling them all to
a quick, clean, close, sensitive ensem
ble that 1 do not remember to have
heard equaled before at the Tivoli. And
if Signor Pollacco can do this uith om
rehearsal with a number of men yet
musical stranger? to one another, what
.will he do in a few days? The scores
he Is evidently on the most musician ly
of terms with; he is apparently as lit
tle inclined to spare himself as Mas
ragni, and in the orchestra, both home
and imported, he has evidently the best
of material. There are to be fifty-two
men all told; last night's count was
forty-eight. One thing only the con
ductor has to learn —that in shouting
as we did at the end of act three we did
not want an encore, but the privilege
of a stage view of Signor Pollacco —his
back view is of the young and hand
some sort! However, the audience took
it out in applauding him between acts.
A little woman about the height and
something of the build of Sembrieh
is Tettrazzini. One had heard all sorts
•of wonderful things about her —and
feared things therefore. But the Tet
trazzini legends, as well as the Pollacco
legends, are all less than true. One is
almost afraid to own to the depth and
•character of the impression that the
. singer made. To me, however, the
voice has all the crystalline purity and
• freshness of the Melba voice, while the
method of using it much more nearly
approaches that of Sembrichi Large
words these, but I believe them entirely
justified. The voice is flawless. It is
perfectly sweet, perfectly clear, per
fectly even—up to a full E in alt —and
perfectly round. It runs as easily,
lightly as a lark's. There is a trill
that shames any lark I ever heard and
a stale even as a string of pearls. It
.is the purest bel canto. Just three
notes it took the audience to discover
what was before them In the way of
voice and the Tettraxzlnl cigar is as
good as labeled.
As before said, she is as good a
l ger as owner of a voice. Tettrazzlni
is further an actress of unusual abil
ity, though it is apparent that, like
her feeling is more for com
edy. Her <Jilda, however, was notable
for the sincerity and charm of the act
ing, the scene where, despoiled, the
Jester's daughter confesses her misfor
tune to her father in particular rising
to power.
Signor Romboli was the Rigoletto,
and the cast was happy in him both
from the dramatic and vocal stand
point. Signor Romboli has a bright,
powerful and resonant barytone that
he uses with ample freedom and con
viction. In the sustained notes one
gets a little too much tremolo occa
sionally, but otherwise the Romboli
method is entirely artistic The en
semble passages between the Jester and
his daughter were delightfully sympa
thetic, the duet in act 2 being rede
manded for this alone.
The Duke was essayed by Signor Ba
zelli. who, to a successful vocal
handling of the part, added an excep
tionally happy acting of It. He is a
distractingly handsome person, as the
matinee girls will say. and sings with
great spirit and dash. Bazelli's voice
lacks the pure tenor quality of say
Russo's. but is delightfully flexible,
resonant and powerful. It is rather of
the tenore robusto order. His "Da
Donna c Mobile" was given with all
essential deviltry. The following quar
tet, in which Signorina Bettini as
M; ddalena added a vivacious and col
orful contralto, came with even more
than its accustomed flavor. Signor
Cirotto .idds a Sparafuclle that looks
like Captain Kidd and that sings in a
hand«ome enough basso at need.
fl to the chorus, it is as good-look
ing as Mr. Grau's, but can sing, and
even takes the trouble to act. Its
' Zitti, Zitti," the whispered brigand's
< horus, was the best sung within my
GRAPE-NUTS.
OLD COMMON SENSE.
Change Food When Yon Feel Ont of
Boat*.
"A great deal depends upon your
self and the kind of food you eat."
the wise old doctor said to a man who
came to him sick with stomach trou
ble and sick headache once or twice
a week and who had been taking pills
and different medicines for three or
four years.
He was Induced to stop eating any
sort of fried food or meat for break
fast and was put on Grape-Nuts and
cream, leaving off all medicines.
In a few days he began to get bet
ter and now he has entirely recovered
and writes that he is ln better health
than he has been before in twenty
years This man Is 58 years old and
says he feels "like a new man all the
' „ N ~ am e given by Postum Co..
Battle Creek. Mich.
the llttle too*. "The Road to
. iWeUville," found in each package, i
ONE OF riiE UtIADING SOPRANI IN* THE NEW ITALIAN* COM) THAT
OPENED ITS SEASON LAST NIGHT AT THE TIVOLI OPERA -H< SK. SHE
WILL SING IN MANY OF THE OPERAS TO BE GIVEN.
TWO OFFICERS
RESIGN PLACES
Inspecting Physicians Han
nah and Walsh to Retire
From Health Department
Inspecting Physicians William J.
Walsh and J. B. Hannah have filed
their resignations with the Board of
Health. The resignations were pre
sented at last Mu-nday's meeting, but
nothing was done pending an effort
which will be made to have the two
physicians reconsider their determina
tion to sever their connection with the
Health Department, but they are be
coming tired of working for the city
without pay. When they were first
appointed last January an Injunction
to prevent the payment of their sala
ries and those of- other subordinates
was dissolved. They then received sal
ary for about two months. Another In
junction was obtained and the inspec
tors have not received any salary for
nine months.
Dr. Frank J. Tillman Is talked of as
a candidate for the position on the
Board of Health recently made vacant
by the resignation of Dr. Poheim. The
Mayor regards his candidacy with some
favor, but says that he has not fully
determined who he will name for the
place.
New Regal Store for San Francisco.
The Regal Shoe Company has found it neces
sary to open another Regal store ln this city.
It will be located at 34-52 Ellis street and will
be one of the Regal Company's largest and
best appointed stores.
This makes the third Regal store in this
city. '
memory- But that is all of it. Like
the chorus, every one takes trouble to
do everything they should, only that it
seems no trouble. And It was last
night to the tune of a "Rigoletto" that
gave several points to the one Mr.
Grau gave here three years ago—Scotti
thrown in. The opera will be repeated
on Saturday afternoon, and to-night
"La Tosca," with the "beautiful Ber
lendi," Guglielmina March!, Colli and
the famous "La Puma," will be sung.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
SAUSALITO TARS ELECT
NOMINATING COMMITTEE
More than bne hundred members of
the San Francisco Yacht Club were
present last night at a general meet
ing held in the banquet hall of the
California Hotel for the purpose of
electing a nominating committee of
three. After the roll had been called
by Secretary W. W. Wilde, the follow
ing were unanimously chosen as mem
bers of the committee: G. T. S. White,
Roy C. Ward and Henry G. TOIL O.
T. S. White waa formerly rice commo
dore and Henry G. Toll has been
treasurer of the club. The candidates
nominated for the various offices by
the committee will constitute the
"regular ticket." The committee has
two weeks in which to prepare its list
of candidates.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1905.
PURLOINED
GEMS ARE
RECOVERED
Fortune in Jewels
Found Buried in
a Jar.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.—Buried in a
glass jar, under a few inches of earth,
gems and Jewelry worth more than
$25,000, stolen from the Albert Corning
Clarke estate offices in Cooperstown,
N. V., last July, and the property of
Mrs. F. Ambrose Clarke, have been re
covered by a Pinkerton detective
agency.
William Coleman, the man arrested
for the theft, is sixty years of age, has
a criminal record extending from 1869
and is known as one of the boldest
thieves ln the country.
Heirlooms of the Clarke family, most
of them wedding presents to Mrs.
Clarke from her husband or his moth
er, who is now wife of Bishop Henry
C. Potter, the stolen gems are priceless
in the eyes of Mrs. Clarke and her hus
band's family.
Buried only a few inches below tha
surface and not five feet from a side
walk along which thousands of per
sons passed every day. this fortune in
precious stones has lain since last
July.
Before Mrs. Potter's marriage she
was the widow of Alfred Corning
Clarke, who left an immense fortune
and a beautiful country place at Coop
erstown, called Fernleigh. This estate
is surrounded by a large park, which
Mr. Potter presented to the village sev
eral years ago. At one of the park
gates is a low marble building, which is
used as the offices of the Clarke es
tate. It has vaults, safes and the usual
furniture of a bank. From'this office
the Jewels were taken while the clerks
were at luncheon.
WANTS SPUR TRACK PERMIT. The
Tubbs Cordare Company yesterday petitioned
the Supervisor* for a permit to construct a track
to connect the east track of the Santa Fe
Railroad Company on Indiana street, between
Twenty-first and Twenty-second, to serve the
company's rope warehouse
+
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Large Box of
BETTER BRITTLE.
A Delicious Confection,
Made by
THEOPOLD MORRIS «% GO.
Free With Every Small Ad In
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Farther
Particulars.
DESERT TURNED
INTO A SWAMP
Heavy Downpour Floods Big
Section in Arizona and
Much Damage Is Wrought
INVALIDS WILL SUFFER
Colony Sleeping in Tents
in the Open Caught in
the Storm Near Phoenix
PHOENIX, A. T., Jan. 11.—"Light
rain has continued to fall at intervals
to-day. adding to the already flooded
condition of the country. Last night
an area, five miles square, northwest
of Phoenix, was under water from six
i inches to two feet, and in places water
is still standing. This overflow was
mainly caused by a freshet from Cave
Creek, which comes from the mountain
and sinks into the desert above Glen
dale. Considerable damage has been
done to farm crops and irrigation
ditches through broken banks.
One end of the flood crossed the west
side of *Phoenix, surrounding many
houses with water, but doing little
damage, excepting to a colony of in
valids who lived in tents In the
suburbs, and who had to be carried
from their beds which were surrounded
by water. Some of them are very ill.
and the experience may prove fatal In
one or two cases.
The Santa Fe train due from Ash
Fork this afternoon was five hours
late, being held by washouts within
fifteen miles of Phoenix.
PRESCOTT, A. T., Jan. 11.—The
heaviest winter storm experienced In
northern Arizona in several years has
been in progress the past three days.
Snow and rain have alternated in Pres
cott and similar altitudes, while in al
titudes of 6000 feet and over there has
been a precipitation of snow of from
one to two and a half feet.
BUTTE, Mont.. Jan. 11.—Butte expe
rienced the coldest day in two years,
the temperature ranging from 10 de
grees below zero in the heart of the
city to 25 and 30 below on the wind
swept flats below town.
EL PASO. Tex., Jan. 11.—The cattle
sections of Texas, New Mexico and
Arizona have been visited by the heav
iest and most general snowfall known
in many years. •
POLICE THINK THEY HAVE
MURDERER OF ROBINSON
W. B. Kennedy. Arrested in Benicia,
Alleged to Be Slayer of the
Policeman.
WOODLAND, Jan. 11. —The local
police declare that W. B. Kennedy,
who was arrested at Benicia and
t barged with burglaries committed at
Dunnigan. in this county, is the Ken
nedy who was accused in San Fran
cisco of muredering Policeman Robin
son. The police say that he served
a sentence of thirty days ln the Sac
ramento Jail and allege that on the
night of January 6, with three accom
plices, he blew open two safes and
robbed two stores, the postofflce and
thf Wells-Fargo office at Dunnigan,
getting about $200.
Kennedy and his companion, named
McDonald, were arrested at Benicia.
Two other men declared to be acces
sories ln the Dunnigan burglaries are
at large. Both men under arrest pro
test their innocence.
Captain of Detectives Burnett said
last night that he had received no
word of the arrest of Kennedy and
was therefore unable to say if he was
the man accused of murdering Police
man Robinson in this city three years
ago.
Wedding Invitations.
We give special attention to prevailing
forms and engrave visiting cards, wed
ding invitations and announcements, cor
rectly and reasonably. Monograms, crests
and address dies made to order. C. E.
Goldsmith, the engraver, is now with us,
which insures a continuance of the very
best work that the engraver's art can
produce. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. •
PERSONAL.
Gould Dietz, a prominent lumberman
of Omaha, is at the Palace.
J. L. Bryson of Goldfleld is among
the latest arrivals at the Lick.
C. W. Clark and family of San Mateo
are registered at the St. Francis.
Mr. and Mrs. F. C. Atherton of Hono
lulu are staying at the Occidental.
George W. Wood and family of Den
ver, Colorado, are at the St. Francis.
S. Symons, a capitalist from London,
England, is registered at the Palace.
A. R. Sprague, one of Bacramento's
well-known lumbermen, is at the Pal
ace.
8. H. Friedlander of Fischer's Thea
ter leaves to-morrow for Portland,
where he expects to remain for a fort
night.
William E. Morris of Portland, Ore
gon, is at the St. Francis, on his way to
New York- Mr. Morris was for six
years the engineer in charge of the
building of the Cascades locks. He
also designed the proposed locks for the
Columbia River at The Dalles, known
as the Celilo canal.
Colonel J. E. Slinkey, secretary of
the society of Old Friends, has re
turned to San Francisco after an ab
sence In Seattle of nearly three years.
During his absence from here he or
ganized a society of Old Friends in
Seattle with 160 charter members.
George M. Stewart, postmaster of Se
attle, is president of the society and
Judge F. Van Norman is vice pres
ident Both of those officers are old
Callfornians. Colonel Slinkey and
his wife will remain the balance of
the winter in San Francisco.
The Onion Sisters
Give a chicken dinner, at which
Johnny Stringbean comes very sear
being a guest. In next Sunday's
Comic Section.
Ingleside to Reopen.
The gates of Ingleside Coursing
Park will reopen on Sunday. The dog
owners and the manager of the park
met yesterday and settled their differ
ences in a satisfactory way and cours
ing will bo resumed for a while at
least.
PLAN TO BUILD
COLLEGE CITY
Stanford Professors Will
Form Colony on Tract
of Land Near the Campus
WILL OWN THEIR HOMES
*
At Present They Are Forced
to Pay a Rental to the
Trustees of University
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PALO ALTO. Jan. 11.—A movement
to colonize a tract of land and form
a new town has been starred by mem
bers of the faculty of Stanford Uni
versity. The site purchased is the
Bellview tract, three miles north of
the campus in the foothills. Those
at the head of the project are Profes
sors W. R. Dudley, R. E. Allardice,
H. W. Rolfe, D. H. Campbell and W.
G. Dodge.
It is announced that the land will
at once be subdivided and building
operations begun, and it is assumed
that none but college people will be
encouraged to become residents.
The conditions on the campus pre
clude the sale of the land and those
who build there do so under lease at
a rather high rental. This has been
found unsatisfactory and while many
professors own homes on the campus
many others have built in Palo Alto
and adjacent places. Naturally the
professors desire to invest where they
can share in the steady increase in
realty values, hence the new project,
What view the Stanford trustees and
Manager Lathrop will take of the mat
ter is causing much surmise, as it will
tend to divert residents from the
campus and make property there less
valuable.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Jan. 11—Trie boiler*
of a locomoUve attached to the east bound
fast express train on the Erie road blew up
while standing at the Creaton, Ohio, station
to-day. killing Engineer Frederick Keller and
Fireman Halflck and fatally injuring Joseph
Newman, who was riding in the engine cab.
Chickering /
The piano that stands m
like the Monarch of f
the WooJs, towering I
above them all. : :
The Chickering Quarter \
Grand, the smallest Grand 1
made, is now ihe foremost 1
feature. 1
Benj.CUßTAZfcSon|
16.0FarrellSt,S.F J
L Sao Jose • fllfimedajFresncAl
Filling
/--Pen #N
THE PERFECT FOUNTAIN I
FEW saves your fingers, your I
patience and your time. Never I
drips nor leaks and does not I
sweat Ink. Suitable for men or I
women. Prices 53.00 to
#r».<M>
I carry one of the best and
most complete assortments of
HIGH-GRADE CUTLERY in
the city. FOCEET KNIVES
that are dependable, as low as
#1.00
BASOBS of good steel and
high-class make, from SI.OO
up.
GILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR
needs no stropping nor honing.
Goes over the face like a feather
and shaves clean. Price JUn.OO
■TAB SAFETY RAZOR, a
good value for 12.00, now SI .2f».
Out-of-town orders promptly
■ filled.
■ THAT MAN PITTS
1 ' F. W. PITTS, The Stationer,
1 1008 Market St.. Opp. Fifth, S F.
AAAAA
f m m m m
LIEBIC Company's
Extract of Beef
LIGHTENS THE BILL. In fact. It lightens
twobllla—the kitchen bl'.l and the bill of fare;
greatly reducing the amount of tho former,
and addinr brightness, variety aad attract
iveness to the latter.
This tlgnatnre * >
la blue is on XSm**tr» eS
every label of
the genuine: 40\
PnUn* DON'T FAIL TO
laiaVrV lee beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
auu Parlor, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
lll" t\ fid LOUIS XV PAR.
UIUUU LOR, and the LA
n i i DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
QAjrygfel CURE SICK HEADACHE
BrrTiE Genuine Must Bear
JIVER , Fac-Simile Signature
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ANNOUNCEMENT
On the aoth of JANUARY we will discontinue the sale of
our stock at 171 X cents per share. On and after that date the
price will be 20 CENTS PER SHARE, and only 25.000 shares
will be sold at that price, when another advance will be made.
This stock was first offered at \2i/ 2 cents, and the price has
steadily advanced. We are confident that the price will be $1.00
per share this year and that the advance to that price will be
amply justified by the developments constantly being made.
We repeat that this is a genuine investment, with no "wildcat"
features, that large profits will inure to purchasers, and we in
vite the closest investigation. Call or write for particulars.
Alaska Petroleum and Coal Co.
HASSELL AUDIT COMPANY, Fiscal Agents. 1034 Mills
Building.
Phone Bush .144-
AM CSEMEXT&
aai niipi M m mm*m
VULUmDIA leaows m>a
THIS WEEIt. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
FREDERICK KATHRYN
WARDE I KIDDER
In Wagenhals and Kemper's Stupendous Scenle
Production of Stanislaus Stance's
SALAMMBO
NEXT WEEK
In "A COUNTRY MOUSE*"
And a One-Act Play. "CAPTAIN JANUARY."
SEAT SALE NOW ON.
f CALIFORNIA %
EDWARD ACKERMAN. DES SEE and
MANAGER.
BLACK PATTI
TROUBADOURS
To-morrow Night — CHAMPIONSHIP
DANCING CONTEST.
Saturday Night—OßEAT CAKE
WALK —Open to all Comers.
NEXT SUNDAY
Return of the Famous and Original
JOSEPH MURPHY
The Veteran Legitimate Irish Comedian,
In His Greatest Irish Play.
KERRY GOW^
ENTIRE NEW SHOW!
CRESSY and DAYIME
Presenting "TOWN HALL TO-NIGHT";
Eleanor F&lke: Chassino: Xlne and
Gotthold; X. Fitzgerald, and Or
pheum Motion Picture*, Showing "Tho
Land of tho Midnight Ban."
Last Times of Mlia Nita Allen and Com
pany; Tho Pour Bard a, aad Douglas
and Ford.
Regular Matinee* Every Wednesday, Thurs
day Saturday and Sunday. Prices —10c, 25c
and 50e.
H. W. BISHOP, Lessee and Manager.
Now Presenting
25c—MATINEE TO-DAY—25c
HOWARD GOt'LD—J. H. GILMOUR
And Majestic Players ln
ELLA WHEELER WILCOX and LUSCOMBE
SEARELLE"S Great Poetical Drama,
MIZPAH
Or THE STORY OF ESTHER.
Ashton Stevens writes: "In 'Mixpah" there
!is mote beautiful material than in 'Ben Hur.'
i 'Mary of Magdala' and all the other sacred
: dramas of commerce put together."
j Next—"ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME."
j LYRIC HALL, Wilfoxsenhaiun
■ BURTON HOLMES
I TRAVELOGUES
1 Megaiftseat Cslarea V iwi, Menem FieUres
H TO-NIGHT at 8: 5
I "ROUND LONDON."
■ Sat. Mat. it 3, "YOSEMITE VALLEY"
SH Sat. Ev'n? at 8:15 and Monday, Jan. 18,
H "IRELAND."
■ 31.00. 750 A SOo NOW ON SALE!
J At SHERMAN, CLAY A CO.B.
LYCEUM THEATER
I 7th and Market, Odd Fellows' Bldg. |
3 Big Shows Daily
MATINEES 8:30 to 6.
EVENINGS 7:30 and S O Clock,
the star trio. four olifans,
yale duo. Ballte randall,
charles Richards,
montgomery, ward and cantor.
NEW MOTION PICTURES.
Mgtimes 10c. Children Be.
Brenings 10c and SOo.
| Hew Jockey
California Club
OAKLAND TRACK.
Racine every week day, rain or shine.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Adaa Andrew Selling Stakes. $8000 Add
ed, to Be Ban Saturday, January 14.
For special trains stopping at the track take
E. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00,
12:30, 1:00. 1:30 or 2:00. Returning trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:46 p. m. and Im
mediately after tbe last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT, Secretary.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS
\CADSK/\
Farewell Concert, Alfainbra Theater
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON it 2:30
j POPULAR PRICES—76c, SI. SI 50.
Box Seats, S2.
READT THIS MORNING
At Sherman. Clay A Co.'s, where complete
programmes may be obtained.
Mall orders must be accompanied by
check or money order.
NEXT—DE PACHMANN.
AJMIVSEMJE3JTS. -
MTlVOUfflit
GRAND
OPERA
rN ITALIAN.
RESERVED SEATS NOW SELLING.
PRICES —$2, 11.50 $1, 50c
REPERTOIRE: This Evening. LA TOSCA:
Friday Evening, BARBER OF BEVILLE; Sat
urday Matinee. LA TOSCA: Saturday Evening.
RIGOLETTO; Sunday Evening. <AVALLERIA
RUSTICANA and I'PAGLIACCI.
GRAND =
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:30.
KATHERJNE AND PETRUCHIO
AND MADAME BUTTERFLY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
BLANCHE BATES
In THE DARLIN6 OF THE GODS
SAT. MAT. The DARLING of the GODS.
X THE SILVER SLIPPER
ALCAZAR "mT
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT—Mats. Sat. and Son.
First Time ln Stock—Joseph Arthur's Indiana.
Comedy,
LOST RIVER
With the Bicycle Race, the Flight on Horse
back and Wonders of Realism.
Srgs., 25c to 75c. Mats. Sat A Sun.. 280 to 60c
NEXT MON.—First San Francisco Protection
of Clyde Fitch's Comedy.
THE GIRL AND TNE JUDGE
JAJT. 19—lbs— K»tlnss--"QKOCTr»
CENTRAL*!?
Market Street, Near Eighth. .. Phone South 533
KAI "IT IB TO LAUQM:" MAI
Central Theater Stock Co.
ha: mwiim HA
End Men: HERS CH EL
MAY ALL, HENRY BHU
HAI MER. D. HALIFAX. HA!
JAMES CORRIGAN. E.
HOWELL, BEN T. DIL
, LON. Interlocutor, GEO. wa <
P WEBSTER. mml
Acts — Songs — Specdal
ties — Dancing!
Prices—Eve.. 10c to 50c.
Mats.. 10c. 15c, 28c.
HA I "IT IS TO aATTQMI" KA!
High-Class Specialties Everr Afternoon
and Evening ln the Heated Theater.
TO-NIGHT: ELECTaiC FOUNTAIN
DISPLAY.
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE. '
CONCLUDING WITH
A RELAY RACE FOB FAT LADIESt
DON'T FAIL TO BEE
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE
ADMISSION 10c ! CHILDREN to
When Phoning Ask for "Th" 'Tiuteg."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS
MISS MARY CARRICK
WILL GIVE A PIANO RECITAL
—OF—
OLD IRISH MELODIES
First Time in America.
nr steiitway hall
THURSDAY. JAN. Vt, 8:15 P. M.
Reserved Beau, 1100 and $150; General Ad
mission, 7Be. Tickets on sale at Sherman.
Clay A Co.'s. (
Fischer's Theater
HIGH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE.
Commencing With MONDAY. January 9.
EVERY LADY Attending the MATINEE PER
FORMANCES Will Be Presented With
A BEAUTIFUL AND COSTLY SOUVENIR.
SKATS, 10c and 20c; CHIDRJEN 10c.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Long Necks
And short necks, big men and little, find
In the quality of our laundry work that
which pleases their taste —the cleanli
ness, color and finish of perfection.
Phone Sputh 420 will do the same for
you.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
1004 MARKET STXXE*.
Talephoas South 4Mb
910
LADYLIKE CARRIES OFF THE DERBY HONORS IN THE FIELD TRIALS
SETTER'S WORK CONVINCES JUDGES
Mariposa Is Awarded
Second Place in
Big Event.
Contest Between Two
Rivals Proves Very
Keen.
—« —
BY ASSHETON SMYTH.
PpeclaJ Dispatch to The Call-
RAXERSFLELD, Jan. 11.—The Pa
«lfLc Coast Field Trials Derby for 1905
is at last a matter of history, having
*een won to-day by Ladylike, owned
by J- E. Terry of Sacramento. W. W.
Tan Arsdale's Mariposa was placed
aecond. Both proved sporting dogs of
• .the highest quality and it seemed a
pity a loser had to be named, as re
quired by the rules, each having done
auch clever work.
Ladylike Is a lemon-white English
Better by Orion-Terry's Lady. Both
sire and dam were field trial winners.
Lady especially being a high class set
tor, which character she has transmlt
! . lt d in a marked degree to her daugh
ter.
Mariposa is a black, white and tan
English setter of good site and true
English type, having already won a
blue ribbon on the bench in the puppy
class. He is of such confirmation as to
m.ike him both a handsome and an
easy mover. He should be what sports
men call an "all day" dog. He is by
Detroit Joe, out of Countess Mark.
While neither of these has been a field
trial winner, they come from strains
which have made the highest records.
Third prize was divided by Rose &
Obristenson's English setter Del Rey
Lelle and J. E. Lucas' pointer Chiquile.
FIRST RACE EVEN CP.
Tho usual large gathering of spec
* tators followed the dogs throughout
the day, watching Intently every move
made in the field. There is a charm
ing absence of commercialism about
the affair. No wagers of any descrip
tion are made and no comments are
b<*ard as to the money the different
dogs will win. It is sport for sport's
-sake and materialism plays no part in
iho affair.
The first brace waa put down this
morning at 9:12 and consisted of Del
'Rey Belle and Burbank. the latter
opened proceedings by running through
a covey and flushing it without pay
ing any attention to the birds, but
.working over it, where they scattered.
He made three good points, Del Rey
' Belle scoring the same number. Neither
dog maintained the good form shown
in the first heats. This was probably
caused by the fact that they are ken
>nel mates which caused them to run as
" a couple instead of working independ
ently. Toward the end of the heat Del
Rey Belle did some excellent work.
On account of one of the Derby dogs
being absent, four braces of the "all
age stake" were run off before the
Derby was resumed. When the Derby
■was taken up again, the final was a
brace of pointers, Japan and Chiquite.
The latter at once laid out the work
for the big pointer, setting a pace en
tirely too hot for him and doing clean
point work. Japan was, in the par
lance of the handlers, "off his nose,"
which meant his power of scent was
' lacking for the time being. This was
show n by his constant hesitation and
uncertainty in locating and pointing his
birds. At the conclusion of ttys heat.
Judge Bettner announced the winners
as is told in the foregoing.
JUDGE'S DECISION CLOSE.
It was considered by the experienced
men present that a decision giving
either Ladylike or Mariposa first would
have been just, as they were so evenly
matched. The division of third money
between Chiquite and Del Rey Belle
was also generally approved.
The first brace in the "all age" was
J. E. Terry's Kilgarif, black, white
and tan English setter, handled by W.
B. Coutts, and W. W. Van Arsdale's
black, white and tan English setter
Keepsake, handled by Charles H. Bab
rork. Here was a case where the ex
tremes, met, Kilgarif being one of the
largest of the English setters, while
Keepsake is characterized as a pocket
edition of the breed, weighing about
£fi pounds.
Notwithstanding the disparity in size
there was but little difference in the*
high quality of their work. Both proved
wide rangers, looking in likely places
for their birds. They were stanch
and snappy on these points and true
backers. In speed at the beginning
there was but little difference, but as
the competition worn on the feather
weight, having less to carry, flew over
the weed, a bit the earlier.
Following this came Stoekdale Ken-
I HORNAOAY
PROFESSIONAL CIQCKER
437 Parrott Building. St.
Phone South 1045, San Francisco.
Yesterday 1 gave to win :
SUB'S QUEEN -3 to I, WON
SIR WILFRED -1 to I, WON
MIMO - - 7to 10, WON
BARRACK - Ito I, WON
Having strengthened my connections
I now have on tap the best inside rac
ing information ever gathered in the
history of the turf. It is based on the
workouts of the horses, on inside stable
information, and on expert handicap
ping. I combine the three. The result
is, I now obtain an average of 50 per
cent of the winners right alo«ig.
Terms for my complete daily racing
message, $25 weekly; $5 daily. Sub
scribers limited to twenty.
Guaranteed Paddock Special (one
horse), $10. No win—no pay. Mo-ney
refunded if the horse does not win.
CARDINAL MEN
WILL BE BUSY
Lengthy Schedule Framed
Up for Both Track Ath
letes and Ball Tossers
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 11.
Manager R. W. Barrett has secured a
partial schedule for the track and base
ball teams. The most important pre
liminary field day will be held at Po
mona between the track teams of Po
mona College and Stanford University.
Treasurer Barrett has other meets in
view, and it is probable that a field
day will be held each Saturday until
the week before the intercollegiate meet
with California.
This season the freshman track team
will also take part ln several field
meets. On February 22 It will contest
with the combined teams of Santa
Clara and San Jose high schools. Later
the 1908 team will meet the athletes of
the Bay Cities League and Santa Rosa.
A long series of games with Santa
Clara and St. Mary's College has been
arranged for the cardinal baseball
team. For the last two years these
Catholic Colleges have worsted Stan
ford at baseball, and this year's games
will be hotly fought. Other games for
the varsity will be scheduled as the
season progresses, but the present
schedule is as follows: Santa Clara,
January 28; St. Mary's, February 4;
Santa Clara, February 11; St. Mary's,
February 18; St. Mary's, March 11;
Santa Clara, March 23. The intercolle
giate games with California will be
played on April 1, 8 and 22.
For the first time in the history of
Stanford and the University of Califor
nia athletics, there will be held this
year an intercollegiate freshman base
ball series. What sort of a 1908 team
Stanford will develop Is merely a con
jecture, as no chance for practice has
been given the youngsters. The idea of
an Intercollegiate freshman match is to
keep the young baseball material en
couraged.
nels' black and white pointer Midget,
handled by A. S. Carlisle and J. A.
Peebles; orange and white English set
ter Uncle Jimmy Whitestone, handled
by J. E. Lucas. TJiis brace was cast
down where there were a lot of quail
and gave a good exhibition of point
work, which proved the leading char
acteristics of both dogs, one scoring six
and the otiier seven stanch points. A
change was then made to another field,
where S. N. Morris' liver and white
pointer, Faith, handled by Carlisle and
Rose, and Christenson's black, white
and tan English setter, Bellex Fontain,
handled by Coutts, were cast off. This
was the only blank heat so far during
the stakes.
"While the dogs worked Industriously
over several large fields no birds were
found. The range and pace of these
dogs were not to be compared * with
other of the preceding braces.
HARRY H DISFTAYS SPEED.
After luncheon served at the Gosford
Ranch, W. W. Van Arsdale's black and
white English setter, Harry H, handled
by Babcock, and Charles Shaw's liver
and white pointer, Oak Knoll, handled
by J. E. Lucas, were cast off in a new
field into which a number of birds had
been flushed. Harry H going at a clip
ping pace ran into a group of three or
four birds and instantly dropped to
wing.
Soon after Oak Knoll secured a good
point on which he was perfectly
stanch. This was followed by one by
Harry H. This was repeated over and
over, the free dog backing whenever
possible except once, when Oak Knoll
ran in badly. In range the two dogs
were about equal, both making many
wide casts. Harry H's slashing speed
and beautiful way of going placed the
other dog at a disadvantage.
The annual meeting field trials
club was held to-night. The old offi
cers were re-elected as follows:
President, W. W. Van Arsdale; first vice
president, Clinton E. Worden; second vice
president. H. W. Keller; secretary-treasurer
Albert Bets; executive committee, C N. Post'
W. S. Tevis, J. H. Schumacher, T. J. a'
Tierlemann arid VV. W. Richards.
The following were elected members: F H
Jcrmyn, Scranton, Pa.: Stanley Woods Mare
Island; Elmer Cox, Madera; S. Christensen
Arthur Burton, W. H. Hanlan., J. B. Haurr
and Frank V. Bell, San Francisco; Fred Teg
ler. Bakersfleld; J. H. Williams. Portervllle-
J. M. Donnelly. Fresno; "Dr. A. «M. Barke-'
Han Josp; 1.. J3. Chittenden. Hanford; Frank
Schumacher, Los Angeles; Vernon P. Rood
Sai! Diego; L. McDanlel*, Templeton, and j!'
H. Henry. Atascadero.
SAN JOSE. Jan. It.—ln. the case of l* e
Look, recently sentenced for tho third time
to I>e handed, the «l:-fendant has appealed 10
the United States Circuit Court from the or
der of the UnU/td States District Court denying
hlm a writ of habeas corpua
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 'THURSDAY. JANUARY IZ, 1905.
W. W. VAN ARSDALE'S ENGLISH
SETTER WHICH CAPTIVATED
SPECTATORS AT FIELD TRIALS.
ROSE BARRED
BY MICHIGAN
Giant Shotpntter Is Under
the Ban for All Time at
Ann Arbor Institution
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANN ARBOR. Jan. 11.—Ralph Rose
was to-night barred from all Michigan
athletic teams by action of the Univer
sity of Michigan board of control. The
board formally decided that the great
shot-putter by competing without per
mission for the Chicago Athletic Asso
ciation at New York during his Christ
mas vacation had violated rule thirteen
of the Western conference, and was
therefore for all time ineligible to com
pete for Michigan. The big athlete
himself has not yet appeared to make
any explanation of his action.
Rose is at present spending his win
ter vacation at his home in Healdsburg.
He returned from the East a few weeks
ago, and at that time it was rumored
that the great shot-putter would not
return to Michigan. He complained of
"too much knocking" in the East and
thought he was not getting an even
break.
It is not unlikely that Rose will enter
Stanford University soon. Some time
ago he gave out that he would like to
wear the cardinal, but changed his
mind and returned to Ann Arbor.
Oh, Yes! Know-It All Jake Knew Just
How to Make a Bull Pup Behave
In Next Sunday's Comic Section
YOUNG CHOYNSKI YEARNS
TO WALLOP LEW POWELL
Lightweights Carded to Furnish Main
Attraction at Woodward's Pa
vilion To-morrow Night.
To-morrow evening the Hayes Val-
Jey Athletic Club will hold its regular
monthly boxing exhibition In Wood
ward's Pavilion. The best boxers of
this city are in training for the show
and some good sport is promised. Lew
Powell, holder of the amateur light
weight championship title, Is to try
conclusions with Young Choynski, who
has shown great skill with his mitts
and who hits like a welterweight.
Abe Label and "Southslde" Jack
O'Brien are to mix in a four-round
battle for the featherweight champion
ship and Joe Thomas, the welter
weight champion, and Frank May
field, the conquerer of Harry Reilly,
will meet for the welterweight title.
Besides these bouts "Northside"
Jack O'Brien and Young Dempsey will
settle a grudge and Willie Duff will
hook up with Jack McDonald at 125
pounds. Willie Edwards meets Jack
Bradshaw and Chiefle Johnson and
Frankie Smith will open the show.
Jimmy McDevltt will referee the
bouts.
FALSE RUMOR DISTURBS
JOCKEY PIGGOTT'S FATHER
Reads of Son's Death, But Message
From State Department Allays
Fears.
HONOLULU. Jan. I.—Last Sep
tember a call was made at the office
of the secretary of the Territory here
by John Plggott, an employe of the
Honolulu Iron Works, who said he
had read of the death of his son, Joe
Piggott, the jockey. The latter was
reputed killed In Russia. He asked
for Information and the request was
forwarded to the State Department at
Washington. A few days ago the
Governor's mail contained a communi
cation from Secretary of State Hay
enclosing correspondence from the
American embassy at St. Petersburg.
It was stated that Jockey Piggott had
fully recovered from injuries sustained
in a race and was spending the winter
at the Hotel San Remo at Rostoff on
the Don.
Do You Play Poker.
Bridge, Whist. Five Hundred or Euchre?
If you do. buy your playing cards, score
cards, game counters and poker chips of
us. We have all the latest ideas in tally
and score cards. Sanborn. Vail & Co
741 Market street. • '
DAVIS LANDS BOMBARDIER FIRST
FOR HANDICAP AT OAKLAND.
Xiarette. the Odds On Fa
vorite. Loses Place Honors
to Oro Vita.
PUBLIC CHOICES SCORE
c
Sir JVilfred Again Proves Too
Speedy for the East Filly
Daruma,
SAD SAM IS UNPLACED
" BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
Any time that Bombardier can min
gle with a select few, where every
body behaves like a real lady or gen
tleman and there Is no bumping or
jostling, he Is sure pumpkins. Frank
Skinner's Maxlo gelding started in a
sprint handicap on Tuesday but was
outfooted from the start, and finished
last. With a heavier track to run over
and only three starters to compete
against, he looked to have a rare good
chance in the $1000 mile and a six
teenth handicap at Oakland yesterday.
W. Davis again had the mount on
Bombardier, and the books held him
second choice. He won hands down
from Oro Viva, after Nlgrette, the 9 to
10 favorite, had mapped out the route
to the far turn. The black mare even
there began hoisting distress signals,
and was downed five lengths for the
place by Oro Viva. Major Mansir
could not keep within hailing dis
tance of the leaders.
Favorites captured four of the six
events decided. The books would have
had a decidedly off day but for the
downfall of Sad Sam in the concluding
race.
For the introductory Futurity course
run, with a bunch of ten starting, Sub
urban Queen ruled a slight favorite
over Yellowstone. O. Chandler, who
had the mount on the first choice, got
the mare away in front, kept her there
and won easily from Brennus. Yellow
stone met with some Interference on
the back stretch, though eventually
running third.
SIR WILFRED LIKES MUD.
Sir Wilfred now has the "Injun sign"
on Daruma, for he has beaten her
twice. From the manner ln which he
tramped along through the mud in the
baby event the youngster has not
shown around these parts that can
lower the colors of the Cameron colt.
Ridden by Jakie Jones, the son of
Ossary and Plumeria had first dill In
the betting and scored without effort
after leading from the time the barrier
was released. Daruma ran gamely un
der Bullman's hard urging, but could
not get up, losing by three lengths. Abe
Meyer ran third.
Staggering at the finish, Mlmo, the
favorite, received a nose decision over
Educate at the close of the six and a
half furlong event. The first choice had
Davis in the saddle and cut out all the
running. He bumped Educate some as
the wire was approached, but a claim
of foul on the part of Chandler, who
piloted Educate, was not considered.
Flaneur, a 50 to 1 shot, took third
position. With a rider up Glendene
would have had a chance. Mcßride on
Riesca rode a poor race. •
DAVID ROLAND COMES STRONG.
Old Barrack warmed up for the mile
and a furlong selling fixture about as
nimble as a club man with the gout
would climb a flight of stairs. He
look a 1 to 3 chance, but his infirmities
created a very generous quotation. Rid
den again by Bullman the aged cam
paigner scored easily, after Vigoroso
had played a one ; night stand out in
front. Theodora L and Gin Spray, two
fancy priced ones, ran second and third
respectively. Adirondack retired very
early.
Sad Sam stock opened strong at the
call on the last race, but the curb
stone brokers handled him with the ut
most recklessness later on. A decided
slump sent the price to 9 to 5, and the
smart ones were not buyers. The half
breed sprinter was outfooted by David
Boland from the jump, or at least W.
Daly extracted more speed from David.
The favorite finally melted away to
nothing. Anderson on W. R. Condon
rode a live, energetic race, reaching
home the handiest sort of a winner over'
Squire Johnson, another outsider. San
Nicholas took the show. Ten to one
could be had abou£ the winner.
TRACK NOTES.
W. Davis was there with two win
ners again.
O. Chandler handled Suburban
Queen very cleverly and only lost the
decision with Educate by a nose.
Emmett Doague could win some
races if given the opportunity. He
showed to good advantage on long
shots and some owner might give the
boy a chance on one that could put it
over.
Possibly Mcßride thought he rode
an excellent race on Riesca. He
didn't, and the next time the mare
starts, instead of being 15 to 1, she
will probably be 8 to 5.
Charley Henshall stated last even
ing that he would ship his stable to
Los Angeles on Saturday evening.
Jack Joyner, the noted Eastern
trainer and owner, arrived from New
York last night. He will probably
have W. Davis under his wing next
season.
Jimmy McLaughlin, the former
famous rider now racing a string of
horses at Los Angeles, will ship Pas
adena up here to start in the Burns
handicap.
Colonel Applegate got in from Se
attle last night. The poolroom In
terests at that point have been pooled.
Twenty-two books cut in yesterday,
one less than at the previous drawing.
Thomas Fitzgerald is now the own
er of Edrodun, having purchased the
three-year-old at private sale.
A carload of horses reached Oak
land from Los Angeles last night.
Among the lot were Tarn O'Shanter,
owned by J. L-. Tullett; three or four
belonging to Jimmy Coffey and An
drew Mack, the latter consigned to
.Billy Cahill.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND—Wednesday, Jan. 11. Weather fine. Track heavy.
7707. FIRST RACE—Futurity course; selling; four-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Horse and Owner.
:• ft*
ft. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
7*78 Suburban Queen. 5 (WinterAJ) I W| 2 ... ln 12 11 |8 O. Chandler 6-2 6-2
7W« Brennus. 6 (F. Lbwrle) Ill 6 ... S n 2 ft2 lft2 a Bell *
7685 I Yellowstone. 6 (W. P. Fine)... 104 3 ... 8 ft 5 ft 3 1%3 1>4 Greenfield 3 13-o
7578 lUbbie Candid. 4 (Burger Co) 90 4 ... 5 1 4 % 4 n 4 4 McBride .. IS i»
7631 Delsegno, 5 (J. Logan). 1061 7 ... 4%6%6%5n |T. Gtark... 80 30
7683 Ujrbano. 5 (Mrs. Bovle) ;10«! I ... 6t%8 % S2 6h IT. Stewart.. 15 »
5776 iPrestano, 6 (J. B. Pi-rson) ...mil ft ... 7h 7% 7 2 7 4 J. * ij;
765!) iGwglP Black. 4 (HRnsen.... 99 5 ... 2 2 3 3 5 lVi8 n U £° u , n,an 1( ,
6822 iPachuca, 4 (Napa Stock Farm) 104 8 . 10 ft 2 0 5 !(i Bullman 30 1W
7C41 I Presidio. 4 (D. Zelinskv) jlOft 10 ... ft ft <» 3 10 10 I Kennedy .., i» «!'
Time—:2s, :50'i, 1:13%. At post % minute. Off at 2:11%. Queen, place. show 3 5
Br*nnus. place. 8-6; show. 7-10: Yellowstone. »how. 11-20. Winner, ch urn. by Orna
meet-Lucy Crockett. Trained by C. A. Johnson. Scratched—Distributor. Hulford. fetart
good. Won easily. Balance driving. Winner oosslblv best. Bell who rodel
eiataed to have loat a stirrup. Yellowstone cut off on back stretch and in the P°°™"
going. Llbble Candid ran fair race. Urbano had rough trip. Prestano received support.
SECOND RACE—Three and a half furlongs: purse;
Horse and Owner.
%•
%. Btr. Fin.
Jockey.
CI.
(7691)iSlr Wilfred (D. Cslmeron)
7691 IDaruma (Napa Stork Farm)...
7691 [Abe Meyer (H. Stover)
7660 jBellona (W. Macdonough)
7691 Semllune (W. Roach)
Busy Bee (Patterson & Co)..
iMlseberg (Blaslngame Bros)..
4 ...
8 ...
1 ...
fl ...
5 ...
2 ...
7 ...
... 13 1 2%1 8 J. Jones...
... 2 6 2 3 2 1%'Bullman ...
... 8 1 %3 4 3 4 Hoffm*n ..
... 6 6 8 15 4 2 McBride ...
... 4 3 4 2 6 8 Greenfield
... 7 8 6 8 8 Bell
... 6 3 7 7 Crosswalte
4-5
3-2
16
• 15
30
60
80
Time— :24»4. :43»4. At post 1% minutes. Off at 2:30*4. Wilfred, place, 1-6; out show.
Daruma, place. 1-6; out show. Meyer, show, L Winner, b. c. by Oasary-Plumeria.
Trained by D. Cameron. Scratched—Dora Gentry, Yolo Girl. Bquorum Rex. Start good
Won under wraps. Balance driving. Sir Wilfred runs like a chajnplon. Daruma did
her best. Abe Meyer Is consistent. Busy Bee ran green.
:r> RACE—Six and a half furlongs; 3-year-olds and up; selling; to
Owner.
7677 6 (P. Sheridan)
7669 [Educate, a (S. A. Hoppas)
76S6 |Fla-neur, a (C. E. Murray)
7«7'» Glomlene, 3 (Mrs. Sanders)..
6716 IRlesca. 4 (R. H. Dunn)
6827 iKlckumbob. a (H. E. MagM)
6911 iMiss Raphael. 4 (M. White)..
7853 [Calculate. 3 (Blaslngame Brs.)
2 In ln 11 1 l%lw|W. Davis..
4 23 25 2 3 28 22 O. Chandler
88 8 % 3 2 4 1 3 4 Wright
7 6 2 4 h 5 2i,a« 2 4 2 |R. Butler..
5 4 2 3 l%4 2%3 ',4 5 10 IMcBrlde ..
8 8 1%7 1. 7 5 7 10 6 3 Bonner
6 5 1 5 % « 2 6 1 7 15 ]Earnsbaw .
I 1 7 1V-8 8 8 8 ICrosswatte
8-5 1
5
30
8
6
SO
50
50
Time—:2s, 50%. 1:18. 1:25%. At post % minute. Off at 8:08. Mlmo. place. 1-4; show out.
Educate, place. 11-10; show, 1-2. Flaneur, show, 3. Winner, b. g. by Milesio-Mlnona.
Trained by p. Sheridan. Scratched—Myrtle H. Golden Buck, Dora £ Start good. Won
all driving hard. Mlmo was groggy at the end, and Chandler, who rode Educate, lodged
a claim of foul. Glendene with a rider up had a chance. Nail Riesca in your hat, and
don't let her get away. Mcßride Is quite a "kidder."
lO. FOURTTt-RACE—One and a sixteenth miles; 3-year-olds up; handicap: to first, $800.
>x Horse and Owner. IWt'St. %.~ %~ %. Itr. FtaTl Jockey. |~Op~ CI.
770+ |Eombardler. 4 (F. Skinner)..
f76e8) Oio Viva, 5 (C. T. Henshall)
769:! iNigr-tte. 5 (W. B. Jennings)
7693 [If. Mansir, a (Mrs. Hertzell)
4 8 8 2 n 1 h 1 1%1 3
2 2 % 3 6 3 15 2 Vt 2 5*
1 1 1%1 1%3 10 8 20
3 4 4 4 4 4
IW. Davla..
Kunz
|J. Jones...
11-5 2
7 9
1 9-10
7 10
Bonner ....
Time—:2s%i. :50%. 1:15%, 1:43. 1:50. At port 1 minute. Off at 3:28%. Bombardier, place.
1-2; show out. Viva, place, 8-6; show, 2-5. Nlgrette, show out. Winner, b. g. by
Maxio-Middle Dwyer. Trained by E. J. Ramsey. Scratched—Modicum. Start good.
Won under wraps. Second and third easily. Bombardier turned a flip-flop, but the going
was Btiffer, the field small and the route suited him. Nlgrette quit very early. Too
short for Major Mansir.
4-year-olds and up; value first, $325.
Home and Owner.
Str. Fin.
(7666) Barrack, a (A. E. Barrett)
7681 [Theodora L, 5 (P. E. Smith)..
7697 Gin Spray, a (R. de Neffe)
7681 Vigoroso. 6 (Appleby & Co.)..
7686 'Miracle II. 6 (S. A. Hoppaa)..
7705 (Jack Habert, a (Fountain)..
7681 I Adirondack, 5 (Shannon)
7695 IPetrolla. 5 (D. McCarthy)
7686 (Sunny Shore, 5 (J. Dunn)
7698 IHermencia, a ( W Cahill)
8 8 n 2 h 28 1 2%1 2
5 64 5h31 2 1 1 .2 4
tt 61 6 10 61 64 3 2%
7 1 S»,il 4 1 »; ?. i.j 4 2
1 98 71 71 76 64
3 4 1%4 1 6 2%5 H 6 H
2 2 2 8 1 4 S%4 2 7 7
4 71 81 8 94 82
9 8 1%9 4 9 8 1 9 4
;10 10 10 10 10 10
rsuuman
J. Jonei
J. Kelly ...
McBride ...
4-5 9-
50'
20
12
30
30 1
4 14
20
6
50 1
jvjtrecnueia ..
i Bonner ....
W. Davie ..
Barrett
Time, :25, :51V4. 1:10. 1:46%, 2:00 V;. At post 8 minutes. Off at 8:58. Barraok, place,
1-2; show, 2-7. Theodora, place, 12; allow, 6. Spray, show, 6. Winner, br. h. by B«r
--san-Fable. Trained by A. E. Barrett. Scratched —Outburst. Start good. Won easily.
Balance driving. Barrack outclassed his Held. Adirondack retired very early. Sunny
Shore would not negotiate the footing.
up; value flrst.
Horse and Owner. ■
K.
•4- Str. Fin.
Jockey.
CI.
ijW. R. Condon. 6 (L. H. Ezell) 11
Squire Johnson, 3 (Mrs. Miller) 8
i San Nicholas, 6 (P. Ryan) 11
Ishlana, 4 (D. A. Ross) ft
jThe L,. Rohesla.4 (Henshall). 9
!Sad Sam. a (H. Green) 11
i David Roland. 3 (Ratrd ft Co.)| 9
12 S ... S h 8 3 5 2 13
58 < ... fi % 5 1>43 h 2 »i
12 2 ... 4 2 4 1%4 n 3 h
W 4 ... 7 6 2 7 4 2%
J8 7 ... « h 7 6 % 6 4 j
10 3 ... 24. 21 2 n 6 4
)1 1 .. . 1 h 1 1%1 % 7
W.
on ..
via ..
I* ...
10 8
10 1.1
6 10
10 10
4 13-2
7-5 8-5
10 7
od ..
ly ..I
Time. :24>-i, :50%, 1:08%. At poet 6% minutes. Oft at 4:»'.4. Condon, place. 8: show, 7-5.
Johnson, place, fi; show. 2. Nicholas, show, 8-5. Winner, b. h. by Troubadour-Fe-
Hpa. Trained by L. H. Ezell. Scratched—Matt Hogan. Start good. Won easily. Bal
ance driving. Winner is a good mudder. Squire Johnson Ttfcs present to-day with
bells on. San Nicholas better on a dry track. The Lady Roheeia evidently likes a dry
track. David Boland quit. Poor old Sad Sam! He can't run a bit any more.
HORSES THAT FIGURE
TO RUN IN FORM
BY FRED E. MTJLHOLLAND.
First race—Grenore, Andvari,
Mabel Bates.
Second race—Cousin Carrie,
Box Elder, Yellowstone.
Third race—Alice Carey, Re
volt, Redan.
Fourth race—Little Wally,
Cloverland, Royalty.
Fifth race—Martinmas, Still
cho, Frickman.
Sixth race—Lady Goodrich,
Head Dance, Sea Air.
CANNOT GIVE
RACING NEWS
Town Trustees of Emeryville
Make It a Crime to Do So
Unless Right Is Obtained
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 11.
Emeryville Is the first town on rec
ord to enact an ordinance making it
a crime punishable by fine and impris
onment for anyVerson to give out in
formation concerning a horse race
without first obtaining the permission
of the managers of the track. The
measure legalises the power of the
officials of the California Jockey Club
to say who shall or who shall not han
dle the racing results in the town of
Emeryville. Its primary object is to
keep pool rooms from securing infor
mation from the track. Although this
authority has always been claimed and
exercised heretofore by the proprietors
of the California Jockey Club, It was
not until Monday night that the Town
Trustees passed the ordinance that
practically gives the track managers a
corner on the conveying of all racing
results.
Hot Springs Results.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark.. Jan. 11.—Results:
First race, three furlongs—Woodlawn wen.
Dr. McCarthy second, Mohur third. Time,
:30%.
Second race, five and a half furlongs—Mo -
nette won, Delphi second. Idle Hour third
Time, 1:11%.
Third race, six furlongs—Massa won. Van
Ness second. Fatherland third. Time, 1:17.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards—
Judge Hiroes won, Gus Heidorn second ' Ingol -
thrift third. Time, 1:50.
Fifth race, one mile and twenty yard*—
Togo won. Roommate second, Nick Long third
Time. 1:48%.
Sixth race, one mile and .twenty yards—Al
lan won, Turrando second. Ben Haywood third
Time. 1:49%.
HANDICAP DOWN
FOR DECISION
Another excellent card is offered at
Oakland this afternoon. Besides the
handicap at one mile and fifty yards
for three-year-olds, five other well
filled events are down for decision.
First race—Six furlongs, three-year-olds, sell
ing:
7040 Grenore (Davis) 107
7629 »Tar Baby (N-il) ."..102
7«71 Glenflnan (Ross) 'no
7679 Edna Sulllvan( SulHvan) !"."!105
7702 Saccharate (Napa Stock Farm) 105
i&W *A Lady (Dodge) 100
704:) Meada (Blanchl & Co.) 106
7653 »Lady Fashion (Miller) 100
77"1 'Lady Redhead (Hereon) "100
7702 'Smilax (Moran) 100
799J Mabel Bates (Stanfleld) .'."!l05
• 679 *Andvarl (Knapp) 105
7606 "Alice Piatt (Stevens & Son) !!100
Second race—Six furlongs, four-year-olds and
up, selling:
7703 Box Elder (Moran) 109
7KB:i 'Standard (McAlester) 102
Stewardess (Winter & Johnson). .103
(ib(.9>*C ousin Carrie (Gaylord & Co.) 102
• 655 San Lution (Dixon) 105
<]44G Rey Hooker (Latta) 109
7571 I.arigford James (Cotton) 105
7«»7 War Times (Grossheim) 103
<7«B::)Dißtrlbutor (Nell) 109
6600 Stlmy (O'Donnell) '.'.IOO
7Wil» Lurene (Moormead Farm) 107
7707 "Ye'.lowstono (Fine) 108
7705 Step Around (Boyle) 107
Third race—Five and a half furlongs, three
year-olds and up, selling:
704;) Edrodun (Fitzgerald) 91
7702 Royal Sweepstakes (Miller) 91
7625 *Hugh McGowan (Dyer) 100
(7»«o)Alice Carey (Fleur de Us Stable) 107
7664 Revolt (Gilbert) 107
7085 'Doublet (Fountain).. 104
70/1) The Reprobate (Hall & Marshall) 01
76*4 Redan (Strobel) 109
7702 Fay Templeton (Dodge) f . S9
Fourth race, one and one-eighth miles, four
year-olds and up, purse.
74181 Peter J (Romlgh) • 107
7706 Little Wally (Brinkworth) 107
7670 Veterano (Multnomah Stable) ..110
»034 Royalty (Green) , 107
76fKJ Colonel Anderson (McLaughlin) . ~!"iO7
7670 Ink (Lamasneyl !!!110
7710 Major Mansir (Hertzell) V.V.107
7604 Cloverland (Murray) "110
Fifth race, seven furlongs, four-year-olds
and up. purse.
7604 Freckman (Dunn) 9*
■ ;<.14 Soufriere (Daytcn & Kahn) . 102
(77P6)StiIicho (Baker <?tty Stable) 107
(704 Martinmas (Henshall) , 07
7C06 Rowena (Gaylord A Co) 01
7(102 Ishtar (Ryan) In ,
7532 Yellow Tail (Hackett) \' T *Jg
Sixth race, one mile and fifty yards three
year-olds, handicap.
(7700)8ea A)r (McLaughlin) Ift »
7094 Lady Goodrich (Applegale) ijw
7700 Yada (Cahill) ,X 7
761S Cardinal Sarto (Summers) .. ma
(7(H)4)Head Dance (Henshall) JJS
7704 B*a Voyage (Miller)
7694 Ara (Stevens & Son) '.'.".'.'.'.'.106
•Apprentice allowance.
New Orleans Results.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 11.—Results-
First race, four furlongs—Proteus won
Time* :5I IJ .* hter BeCOnd ' Lib * r »«<»> third.
Second race, five furlongs—Jake Sanders
s. B, s, p it 3r d ' ,nsp — ™«»
Third race one mile-Gregor X won. Joe
Lesser second. Foxmead third Time 1 -49 4 5
Fourth race, tlx and a half
Bernard won. Matador second. Si« LeV third
Time. 1:21 3-5. " cc "Fr
Fifth race, one and a quarter miles—H> mat -
ttis won St. Sever second. Auromaster third.
Tim*, *>:i]%.
Sixth race one mile—Midge won. John Doyla
aecond. Heritage third. Time. 1:44 4-5 " VJ "
TALENT STILL
UP IN THE AIR
Every Favorite Is Nosed
Out by a Bank Outsider
on Los Angeles Course
MAI LOWEKT IS SECOND
Elite at 4 to 1 Buns Away
From Heather Honey and
Bpugh Bider Is Fourth
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 11.—Favorite*
had another disastrous day of It at As
cot, not a single one finishing first. Mai
Lowery was a red-hot choice for the
first, but was beaten by Great Mogul,
with MacFlecknoe third. The two-year
old race was an upset for the favorite,
Kitty B. Tendl. which waa 10 to L and
Silver Sue finished ahead of her.
Heather Honey and Rough Rider were
the two strongly played horses for the
third race, but Elle, at 4 to 1, upset cal
culations by beating both.
In the fourth Crigli, Wager afio 1 Our
Pride were the short-priced horses, but
neither of them finished within the
money and the race went to Cloverton.
with Sugden and Susie Christian second
and third. Eleven Bells won the fifth
easily from Evea G, the 3 to 6 favorite,
with The Lieutenant third. Ralph
Roose, at 7 to 1, Light of Day at 9 and
Sweet Kitty Bellalrs at 40 to 1 were the
three first horses In the sixth race.
Weather clear, track good. Summary:
First race, selling, six furlongs—Oreat Mo
gul, 107 (Walsh), 7 to 2. won: Mai Lowry 97
(Kent). 2 to 1, second; MacFlecknoe, 107 (Ful
ler). 12 to 1, third. Time, 1:15%. Breton,
Gray Mom, Estrellado. Cinon, Brick Fowler,
Isabute. Landseer, Foxy Grandpa. St. Wlnl
fride aad Skirmish also ran.
Second race, selling, three and a half fur
longs—Tendl, 100 (Miller), 10 to 1. won: Sil
ver Sue 81 (Perrine), 5 to 1. second; Kittle
B, 95 ("McDaniel), 2 to 1. third. Time. .43.
Azuba, Cazazza, Anis and Daisy Brouck also
ran.
Third race, selling, Brooks course—Ella, 104
(Morlarity), 7 to 2, won; Rough Rider. 100
(Fuller). 2 to 1, second; Heather Honey, 102
(McDaniel), 2 to 1, third. Time. 2:04. Water
cure and Wenrick also ran.
Fourth race, selling, six furlongs—-Cloverton.
115 (Smith) 4 to 1, won; Sugden, 107 (True
bel), 10 to 1, second; Susie Christian, 106 (Her
bert), 7 to 1, third. Time. 1:15%. Wager.
Lauretta Phillips. Crtgll and Our Pride also
ran.
Fifth race, selling, one mile—Eleven Bell*.
102 (McDanlel). 3 to 1, won: Evea G. 107 (Fitz
gerald), 3 to 5, second; The Lieutenant. 104
(Herbert), 6 to 1. third. Time. 1 :42V Past
master, Crosby, Phyz and Prestolus also ran.
Sixth race, five furlongs—Ralph Beese, 107
(Truebel), 7 to 1, won; Light of Day, 102
(Fitzgerald), 9 to 1, second; Sweet Kitty Bel
lalrs. 98 (Perrine). 40 to 1. third. Time,
1:01%. Kitty Roark, Golden Sunrise. Sinl
cado, Schoolcraft. Dissipation. Kehallan and
Joe Kelly also rah.
SIXTY-TWO STUDENTS
MUST LEAVE STANFORD
Only Three Women Among Those
Dropped Because of Lack of
Scholarship.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 11.
Because of the lack of scholarship
shown In their work during the past
semester, sixty-two students were
dropped from the register of the uni
versity by the committee on scholar
ship. Seventy-eight others received
notice that unless an Immediate im
provement in the quality of their work
was shown they would be dropped
some time during this semester.
No athlete of any prominence was
forced to leave, all of the foot
ball, baseball and track . men
being well up in their work. Of the
total number dropped but three were
women.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Srh
I suffered for a long time with a bar]
case of Catarrh, and took a great deal of
medicine without any'benefit.
I had a continual headache, my cheeks
had grown purple, my nose was always
stopped up, my breath had a sickening an d
disgusting odor, and I coughed incessantly
I heard of your S. S. S. and wrote you.
I commenced to use it, and after taking
several bottles I was cured and have
never since had the slightest symptom of
the disease. Miss Mary L. Storm.
Cor. 7th & Felix Sts., St. Joseph, Mo.
Wheeling, W. Vs., May 29, 1903.
I had Nasal Catarrh for years for which I
used S. S. S. with very gratifying result*.
I tried local applications for some time,
and getting no permanent relief I came to
the conclusion that the seat of the trouble
was in the blood. Knowing S. S. S. to be
a good blood medicine I began its use,
and after using it for some little while it
did away entirely with the offensive mu
cus in the nostrils, and I did not have to
hawk and spit, especially in the morning,
to dislodge the catarrhal matter.
1627 South St. Fred H. Pressy.
3Phe filthy secretions and foul mucus that
are continually dropping back into the
throat, find their way into the stomach
and are absorbed into the blood. Catarrh
then becomes con-
AWk\\ Awm mW*m stitutional.andthe
■f ™Ml m * only way to get rid
X it of it is through the
blood. Write us if
you have Catarrh,
En jR and our physici
anS advise you
without charge.
*he Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, 6a.
(Author of "Hand"* System of Handicapping
and Turf Speculator's Guide.")
BOOKS 1-3-3-4. 850 MARKET ST*
Our figures win continuously. Terras 53.00
dally; ffo.OO weekly or |50.00 monthly.FRENCH CRUISER PROTET IS HERE
WILL BE OVERHAULED DURING HER STAY
The French cruiser Protet. Captain
Adegard, arrived yesterday from the
South Seas and will remain at this
port for about forty-five days. Dur
ing her stay she will go to the navy
yard at Mare Island to be placed on
drydock and to undergo a thorough
overhauling. The Protet is one of the
speediest vessels in the French navy.
When clean she can reel off twenty
one knots with ease. As she Is at
present, hampered by a heavy growth
of grass and barnacles, she is far from
being a snail and if circumstances de
manded haste could make something
like eighteen knots an hour.
The Protet is the best known here
of the foreign war vessels that visit
this port. Once upon a time this was
B favorite port of call for British and
other ships of war. A few visits dur
ing sailor famines, however, convinced
the rulers of alien navies that the San
Francisco crimp was altogether too
shrewd and active. Whole liberty
parties were annexed by sailor board -
mc, house runner? and shipped on
v. haters and deep sea merchantmen.
Every visiting warship was a larpe
but involuntary contributor to the
lix-al sailor supply, end as the hands of
the commanding officer were tied in
the matter of recruiting here it grad
ually became tha custom to give San
Francisco a. wide berth, ll is only on
special occasions now that one of King
Edward's vessels drops ln here and
other foreign visitors are few and far
between.
U'uh the Protet, however, it is dif
ferent She is a frequent visitor and
her wardroom is better known to
local society than the wardrooms of
many of our own ships. The Protet's
officers in the past have been made
much of in a social way and those
now on board who have been here be
fore yesterday expressed their delight
at again coming within reach of the
v ,:rni glow of California hospitality.
It is not unlikely that this may be
the Protet's last visit to this port. Her
oilicers expect that before they leave
here orders will be received for the
< miser's return to France.
The cruiser is anchored off Folsom
street wharf and as past visit
ors will be welcomed aboard.
Chilean Tax on Shipping.
The following letter has been teceived from
Captain Henry W. Campling, master ot the
British ship Kinross, now at Valparaiso:
'T regret to have to Inform you that an
extra tax on shipping visiting Chile has b«>-n
ln force since the latter part of last July.
The new rate la 60 cents, Chilean golJ, per
registered ton for light dues, which, added to
the 10 cents Chilean gold, previously ln force
for hospital dues, makes a tax of 70 cents
Chilean gold per ton. At the present rate of
exchange it will amount to about £74 for
the Kinross. Not only this, but In our case
we have to pay twice, once for t'J'M at this
port and for 1905 at th- nitrate Dcrt.
"This extra tax for light dues is not gen
erally known ar.d the fact of it being Impossd
ought to be well circulated at San Franclscc,
for it requires a much higher rate of freight
tv enable ships to pay It."
Barkentine Hawaii Scuttled.
Word waa received yesterday from Kobe
that It had been found necessary to scuttl?
the barkentine Hawaii in oreler to extinguish
the flames which threatened the vessel. The
Hawaii was from Killisnoo. with a cargo cf
fertilizer. Fire" was discovered in the hold
during the voyage ana was supposed to have
t.-en extinguished. When the hatches were
taken off at Kobe it was discovered that the
fires had only been banked and with the In
rush of air they biased out fiercely. The
scuttling of the vessel settled the Are ar.d
the cargo Is now being discharged In fairly
i.ood condition.
Sierra Sails To-Day.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Sierra. Captain Houdlette. will sail at 2 o'clock
this afternoon for Honolulu. Samoa. New Zea
land and Australia. She will tarry about 120
passengers and a full cargo. Amoni the pas
sengers are a number of around-th&-worid
parties. Among the Honolulu passengers
will be H. S. Rand. an lowa lumber
man. Lieutenant Commander R. O. Bftler of
the navy will be a passenger to Pago-Pago.
The British-American mail. 441 bags of It, Is
o.i time ?nd liner will leave Pacific-street
wharf promptly at 2 o'clock,
c
Government Employe Badly Hurt.
Peter Ahem, fifty years #4d. a Custom-house
Üborer, was severity Injured yesterday at
the bonded warehouse. foot of Townacnd
street. A tier of barrels, filled with cement
and piled eight high, fell on top bf Ahem.
the Harbor Hospital It was found that ail
Al em's ribs on the right side 4 were broken,
his right side was badly bruised, bis left collar
bone and shoulder blade were broken and he
was burl Internally to such an extent that
his recovery is doubtful. ,
The Overdue List.
The rat e of on the German ahlp
Robert Rlckmers was advanced yesterday to
3'» per cent. She is bound from Philadelphia
for Hiogo and was last heard of October 26.
when she was spoken In latitude 4 south,
loagltude 136 east. The Stork la quoted at
75 per cent.
Water Front Note*.
Frank A. Vega has been appointed chief
officer of the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany's liner Acapulco. Chief Officer Bailey
has been granted a leave of absence.
E. M. Hunter, chief clerk of the Pacific
Mail Company's agency at Guatemala City, la
here on leave and next Saturday la to wed a
San Francisco sir!
The Standard Oil Company's task steamer
FRENCH CRUISER PROTET. n 1
WHICH ARRIVED HERE YES- j I
TERPAY FROM SOUTH SEAS. ,
l>aKotah. which came !:;re to be converted
Into an oil burner, sailed yesterday for the
Orient with a i arjn of liquid fuel.
The steamship Humboldt loft S»att!e ye-
tvlday 'or this pcit. The Humbcidt h.u lice;;
rvmung between Puget Bound and Alaska;,
The Pacific Ma!! Compan; 'a steamship City
at Panama Is due to-day from the isthmu-.'
nhd late to-n!rht "or earjjr to-morrow atorttlng
tha lirtfr Dork- i» expected in froai the Orient.
Diver Abralianipcn yesterday recovered tht?
boiler which f?!l out of tfci? coajl barso C\>un> -r
win-n rhi? durms the resent touth
easter.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
>
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Sliipping Merchants.
The pchoegjtr E. B. Jacksoir >a't-Grays Har
bor) is chartered for lumber thence to Panama.
Exports For the North.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed on Tues
day for Victoria with an assorted merchandise:
cargo, consigned to the pert of destination
and other British Columbian port?, valued at
$8013. and including the following;
33.C0C lbs salt. 540 sks potatoes. 154 pkgs
fresh fruits, 5S gala 5 cs wine. 120 bxs paate.
28 cs salad oil, 8 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 12C0 lbs meals, 12 cs table prepara
tion, 200 lbs chocolate. 44 cs canned goods,
I! 00 lb* ralsir.a, 2497 lbs coffee. IS pkgs olives,
288.060 lbs cement. 41) bdls wire, 7 pkgs leather.
15 kegs spikes, 29 bars iron. 25 bars steel
2»*' ft hardwood. 44 c? 'firms and ammuni
tion, 1150 tii.s matches, 5 pkgs machinary
S7« !bs leaf tobacco. 4 • pkgs twine. 5 pk§«
paints and oils.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. January 11.
Fr war stmr Protet. Adegard. 10 days from
Hcnoolulu.
Stmr Umatilla, Nopander. 3S hours from
Victoria.
Stmr F > Kilbutn. Thompson 55 horns
from Portland, via Astoria 47 hours, via Coos
Bay 31 hours, via Eureka 18 hours.
Stmr Eureka. JeaMtn, 24 hours frjm Eur»-kf
Stmr Areata, Macge-nn, 45 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Pasad( na. Hendrickson, 35 houns from
Eureka.
Stmr Asuncion. Bridgett. 9 days from Se
attle: u;> rivet direct.
Schr Omega, Nyman. 4 days from Wiliapa
Harbor.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, Janoarv 11
Stmr Dakotab, Be**, Shanghai: Paeil! -
Coast Oil Company.
f-tmr Pom via, Bwanaon, Eureka' Pa-ifi"
Coast Steamship Comnany.
Stmr Columbia. Dorsn. Portland a:ui \e
toila; San FrancUco and Portland BttMoahJi
Company. ' 1
Stmr State of California. Tfecnaaj San D- !
ago and way ports: l'aclfic Coast Steamahio
Company. '"™
.Stmr Nevadan, Greerw, Seattle; Wlll'ams
Dimcnd & Co.
Br ship Ardencralg, Chapman, Port Town
aer-d; Hind. Rllr-h & Cr.
SAILED.
Wednesday, January 11
Stmr Whlttier, Dickson. Port Harford with
barge Santa Paulp. in tow.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson, Eureka.
Stmr Pomona, Sv.atau-,, Eureka, I
Stmr »'ani:u«rd. OOAnA, Eurrks.
Htmr Prentlas. Ahlstvoin. Kwrrka.
Ger- Loomlb, Retiondo. ,
Cr- stmr Ifakt.tah. Res». Sliauyliai.
Stmr Acme, Reed. Eureka.
!-L.<'r Ofntaanial, i'lerce, Seattle.
Schr Mary C, Brck, U<-dcta.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, Bollnas
Barge Santa Paula. Plllc, Port Harford, in
tow ot stmr Whlttier.
SPOKEN.
Dec 11-Lnl 45 N. long 62 W. Br ship
Pjthomene, from Antw«n'. for Oregon.
Per fctmr Arizonan. frem New York, at San
Diego Jan 11— On Dec 17, lut 17 «« g. long
85 27 W. Br bark 'Inveramsay, from Antwerp,
tor Vanee '.-.ver.
Oct 2"—Lat 4 S. long 131 E, Ger ship Rob
ert T.lekmer3. from Philadelphia, for Hiogo
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBCS. Jan 11, 10 p m—Weather
clear; wind NW; velocity 18 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC POF.TS.
VENTURA—Arrived Jan 11—Stmr Scotia,
from Rowens Landlnx.
SAN PEDRO —Arrived Jan 11—Schr Argus,
from Grays Harbor.
Sailed Jan 11—8chr Oliver J Olsen for
Grays Harbor.
SANTA BARBARA—Arrived Jan 11—Schr
Ottlllle Fjord, from Grays Harbor.
Sailed Jan 11—Stmr Santa Rosa for San
Francisco.
CRESCENT CITY —Sailed Jan 10—Stmr
Newsboy, for San Francisco.
EUREKA—Arrived Jan 11—Stmr Redondo.
hence Dec 0.
Sailed Jan 11—Schr Mary Dodge, for San
Francisco.
Sailed Jan 11—Schr Vine, for San FrancJaco;
echr Dora Bluhm. for San »Franclsco; schr Co
rona, for San Pedro; stmr Redondo for Port
land.
SAN DlEGO—Arrived Jan 10, 10 a m—
Stmr Arizonan, from New York.
Arrived Jan 11—Schr Annie Laraen, from
Portland.
HARDY CREEK—Sailed Jan 10. midnight—
Stmr Fulton, for San Pedro.
PORT HARFORD—Arrived Jan 11, 9 a m
—Stmr Noyo. from Eureka.
ASTORlA—Arrived Jan 11—Stmr Despatch,
hence Jan 7.
Arrived Jan 11—Stmr Argyll, hence Jan 5,
via Vancouver.
BELLINGHAM—Arrived Jan 10— Stmr
Sheet*, hence Jan 7.
SEATTLE—SaiIed Jan 11—Stmr Hum
boldt, for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 11, 6 p m—Stmr Norwood, hence
Jan 8.
REDONDO—Arrived Jan 10—Schr James H
Bruce, from Tacoma.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JANUARY 12, 1905.
Arrived Jan 11 —Schr J H Bruce, from Ta
coma.
Sailed Jan 11—Stmr Santa Barbara, for San
Francisco; schr H I> Bendlxsen. for Grays
Ha rbor.
M UKILTEO—SaiIed Jan 11—Stmr Harold
Dollar, for Siui Pedro.
Arrived Jan 11 — Stmr Robert Dollar, from
Redondo.
COOS BAT—Arrived Jan 11—Stmr Empire,
hence Jr.n 7.
" PORT GAMBLE- Sailed Jan 11—Schr Spo
kane, for San Pedro.
POINT LOBOS -Parsed Jan 11. 5 p m—
Stmt Fulton, frHardy Creek.for San Pedro.
SKAGAVAY—SaiIed Jan 11, 1 p m—Stmr
I Dolphin, for Seattle.
! For.T BRAGG - Sailed Jan 11—Stmr Na
; tionnl City, for Sen Francisco.
ABERDEEN' —Balled Jan 11—Schr W H
i Kruger, fcr San Pedro.
iSLA.VI) PORTS.
HONOI.V !" .-". t ; .<! Jan 11—Stmr Ala
; meda. fcr San T rain laco.
EAST! KN PORTS.
'■ XEW TC'RK—9ttll«d Jan 10— Stmr Ad
: vance. for Colon.
Arrived Jin 11—Stmr City of Washington.
, from Col., n.
For.r.icN ronTs.
I PORT RAID— Sailed Jaa S-Br stmr Tele-
I nia< iui!, for London.
j AXCGX—Arrived Jan I—Stmr City of Syd
: nr: hence I x-j U\
; LIVKRFOOL— ArrtV«<i Jan 10—Span ilmr
'■ Isle <> L'Ui.f, fro-..-. Mar.l.a. ,
• GIBRALTAR >':t-f,«d Jftn 11—Ger ptmr
i frrai- KAn-iorr, U.r Kan Francisco.
! TOPGLOBAWPO -Arrive* Jan 3—Schr F S
: Ji' ('.tit id, ti'itfU Ttlt-Olttii.
BTON- Sftiiad Jan 4—Schr Fred E Sander.
; f:.: .port T.iwr;*end.
V AX( ( iI'VEII, B C— Arrived Jan 10—Stmr
i Argyll, bene* It>n 6.
L> NGTCGXG- Salled Jan 6-Stmr Korea
! for Sun t i-awdawo. * ' ,
FA XT* ROSALIA —.Arrived J»n 10—Schr
i Goidtn Slirra. froaa Port liiakeley.
Memoranda.
i LONDON. Jan 10— Rktn Hawaii, t*ara Kil
lisr.oo previously retort ct on tire at Rbbt,
has been scuttled; carso is being discharged
lin fair crdcr.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
I Due.
Chai. Nelson. Humboldt Man. 12
Tottenham... i Nanaimo .Ian. 12
Rainier Seattle A Bellinghcm.. Jan. 12
Areata I <:oos Bay & Pt. Orford Jan. 12
j Santa Rosa ... Ben Diego A Way Pis. Jan. 12
Corona Humboldt 'Jan. 12
Point Arena.. Mendocino * Pt. Arena. Jan. li
City Panama. 1 New York via Ancon.. Jan. 12
Northland.... San Pedro Jan. 13
Wellington. • ■ i Oyster Harbor Ian. 13
Centralla | Grays Harbor ...|Jan. 13
Doric ! China A Japan Jan. 13
Czarina > Coos Pay Jan. t§
Elizabeth ' CoquiM? River J?n. I t
; Ran Pedro. . .. ! Humboldt i.Tan. 13
S. Parbrra... ! San Pedro iJat'. 13
W, B. Kruger 1 Gtays Harbor Jan. 11
! Czarina Coos Bay \tan. 14
i Argo 1 Eel River Port? Jan 14
G. W. Elder.. - Portland A Astoria.... Jan. It
S. Monica ... Kan Pedro 'Jan. 14
Santa Cruz. •• ; San Pedro A Way Pts.,Jan. 10
Pomona Humbcidt (Jan. 10
Arctic .'Humboldt IJan. 1".
Eureka i Humboldt Ian. 1ft
Queen Puget Sound Ports Jan. 10
Breakwater... Coos Bay [Jan. it;
State of Cal.... San Diego A Way Pts. Jan. in
i Arizonan I New York via S. Diego Jan. 17
! Porno ' Point Arena A Albion.. iJan. 17
i Jeanie Seattle A Tacoma Jan. 17
j Alameda Honolulu jJanal7
' Neko • Seattle iJan. 17
i Attuan Hamburg & Way PortsiJan. IS
I Anrretia P.-rilaiid & Astoria 'Jari. 18
I Peru New York via ATTcoti.. i Jan. in
I CM* Bay i Snn Pedro & Wav Pts.,Jan. 19
I Columbia j Portland A Astoria iJan. Ill
Enterprise • Hilo Uan. iv
j City PUftWa. • • I*upet Sound Ports.... :.Ian. 21
Itaee! uri.i : Cl.tna A Japan jjan. 21
TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.,
January 12.
G. Dollar.. • Seattle direct 4 pmjPier 20
f'iiehalls. .. i Grays- Harbor I 6 pm Pier 2
Vanguard..' Humboldt '12 m: Pier 27
Komtr | Graya Harbor jl2 mjPier 2
G. Lindauer Grays Harb.ir 2 pmiPier 2
Breakwater j Cooe Bay direct....: 5 pmiPier 8
Seo.tioia Willapa Harbor I 4 pmiPier 20
State of Call Se.n D:tgo & Way.; 9 amipler 11
Pumo ' Pt. Arena * Aiblcn 6 pmiPier 2
Sierra i Sydney & Way Pts. 2 prn'P;er 7
Columbia.. Ast->ria & Portland'.ll amjPler 21
January 13. ' - |
Areata j Coca B. A Pt. OrfdllO am Pier l i
Centruila. 1 Los Annelus P >r«. 10 amiPier 10
Nor'.hland. . Astoria & Portiand'12 mlPier 27
C9*cade....j Astoria A Portland! 4 pmPler 2
6. Barbara, i Crays Harbor , 4 pmjPier 2
Eureka I Humboldt j 9 am Pier 13
8anPedro..i Los Angeles Ports.! 2 pm|Plcr 2
I January 14. I 1
W. Kruger. j Los Angeles Ports.lll amiPier 2
Point Arenaj Point Arena I 4 pmjPier 2
Coos Bay...) Ban Pedro A Way.; 9 amfpter It
Acapulco..-' N. Y. via Ancon.. |12 mi Pier 40
F. Kibum., Portland A Way.' 2 pm'Pler 27
Rain'er ' Seattle & Bllnghm 4 pm'Pler 10
Newbury... Grays Harbor 1 4 pm|Pler 10
Corona ! Humboldt |1:30 piPler "fi
January 15. f
Vmatllla...! Puget Sound Pdrts.jll amiPier 0
8. Rosa Ban Diego & Way. 9 am I Pier 11
January 16. !
8. Monica..) Grays Harbor I 4 pm Pier 2
Czarina Cooa Bay direct...! 5 pmiPier 8
Elizabeth.. Coquille River ....[ 5 pm|pier 20
January 17. I I
Pomona Humboldt |l:80p}Pler 9
G. W. Elder Astoria A PortlandiU amiPier 24
January 18. I
Arctic Humboldt ! 9 am j Pier 2
8. Cruz ] San Pedro A Way.| 9 ami Pier 11
January 80. 1 j
Queen Puget Sound Ports.ill am Pier 9
Jeanie Seattle A Tacoma.! 8 pmiPier 20
'January 21. | •
City Pa nam N. Y. via Ancon..' 1 pm IPier 40
Neko Hamburg & Way.. 112 m Pier 19.
Aurelia Astoria A Portland! 4 pmjPier 27
Alameda... Honolulu ill am.Pier 7
~ FROM SEATTLE
Steamer. f Destination. | Bails.
Steamer. Destination.
Fatallon Skagway & Way Porta.'
Excelsior Valdez A Way Ports..
Cottage City.. Skagway A Way Ports.
Santa Clara.. Valdez * Seward
Jefferson I Skagway A Way Porta.
Sails.
Branch Hydrography Office. U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
January 11. 1905.
The Time Ball on the tow4r of the Ferry
building waa dropped exactly at noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N . ln charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide. \
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 11—5 p. m.
The following; maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Cincinnati 30- 2i Philadelphia 42-26
Boston 40-22. Washington 44-26
Jacksonville 68-sti'New York 36-24
St. Louis 28-10j Pittsburg 26-10
Chicago 20-12 Honolulu 74-62
New Orleans 70-61*1
SAN FRANCISCO 52-44
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same
date last season and rainfall ln last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka Trace 17.37 19.73
Red' Bluff 0.00 14.98 12.83
Sacramento 0.00 9.66 4.76
San Francisco 0.00 10.56 6.22
Fresno 0.00 6.21 0.92
Independence 0.00 0.67 0.42
San Luis Obispo Trace 6.73 0.82
Li* Angeles 0.00 4.50 0.43
San Diego 0.02 3.80 0.42
STATIONS.
3
a
8 a o 2
ti ll p i?
c c : •
5 i .
»
s ■
■o
t
a
a
taker 20.94 20 12 SW Cloudy .00
•hre-.n 29.72 40 20 W Pt.Cldy .01
lureka 20.04 4B 38 E Cloudy T.
'regno 29.92 50 40 S Pt.Cldy .00
lagstaff 29.08 32 28 SW Snow .21
ndependence .29.00 48 28 SW Pt.Cldy .00
<oa Angeles . 29.94 00 50 SW Clear .00
It Tamalpals.29.86 38 47 NW Cloudy .00
Jorth Head .29.94 42 30 E Clear .00
'hoenlx 29.80 58 48 E Cloudy .22
'ocatello 29.82 20 —0 W Snow T.
•olrt Reyes ..29.85 52 47 NW Cloudy .00
•ortland 29.04 38 28 NE Clear .00
led Bluff ...29.88 62 30 SE Cloudy .00
Eoseburg 29.00 42 28 SE Clear .00
acramento . 29.88 60" 32 BK, Clear .00
alt Lake ...29.78 28 18 SE Snow .01
an Francisco.2ft.94 52 44 NW Pt.Cldy .09
i E Farallon.29.91 52 50 NW Pt.Cldy .00
I L. Obispo. .29.94 50 40 W Cloudy T.
Ian Diego ...29.9<» 02 50 W Cloudy .02
ieattle 29.98 40 30 N Clear .00
jmkune 30.02 28 IS E Clear .00
•atuosh 29.94 42 30 SE Clear .00
Valla Walla. .30.04 20 20 W Cloudy T.
Hnnamucea ..29.78 32 14 NW Pt.Cldy .00
unia 29.84 66 46 W Clear .00
WKATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The depression over the inter-mountaln re
gion is moving very slowly. Rain continues
in Arizona, with snow in the mountains.
High winds prevail in Central California
and in the Sierras.
Much cooler weather is reported in the
northern end of the Sacramento Valley.
Conditions are favorable for frosts Thurs
day morning If the wind .lulls.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Mount TamalMis. 84; northwest;
Point Reyes. 48, northwJWt; 8. E. Farallon.
40. northwest; (arson City, 36, west, and
Flagstaff, 28. southweat.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 12:
California. north of Tehachapl—Cloudy
Thursday, light to heavy frost in the morning
if the wind lulls; brisk north winds.
California. south of Tehachapl—Cloudy
Thursday: fresh southwest winds.
Nevada—SnoW flurries Thursday; brisk to
high northwest winds.
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Thursday:
brisk north winds.
Ixjs Angeles and vicinity—Cloudy Thursday;
fresh southerly winds.
.Sacramento—Fair Thursday: heavy frosts In
the morning: light south winds, changing to
north.
Fresno—Fair Thursday: heavy frosts in
the morning; light south winds. >
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
,U +
Time and Height of High and Law Waters
a' Fort Point entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
Hie city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the san-e at both places.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 12.
Sun rises .«».**•*. 7:-5
:-,in sets 5:1.'.
Moon seta 11:53 p. in.
v Time! Tlmc| [Time] ITirael
» Ft. i Ft. I Ft. ) 1 Ft.
?;h Wi !L W| !H Wj 'j. |L Wl
12 I 4:85; 4.9;i0:45l 2.6j 4:12| 1.6)10:661 I.J
13 i 6:14! 4.9 11:3s! 2.» l 5:37 3 1:10:58 2.1
14 16:50) 6.6 12-Mi Ul 6:88 B.BU|:-I» 2.4
13 5:3 62 l:Sa L*! 8:14! 3.«! !
L, W H m L W IH W I
16 10:451.2.6 7:07' 5.3,2:10 0.716:191 3.8
17 I 1-40 £.$ 7:4S 6.6 2:5.'. 0.1116:08! 4.1
13 2:32 2 9 .V..R ' 5.7 3 40;—0.4i10:63| 4.4
NOTE In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
;.>urth time column gives the last tide of the
dya &M*.pt when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are ;n
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coa«t Survey Charts, except when a minus t—)
sign pTecedea the height, and then the number
giver, is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
cf the lower low waters.
Did Willie Wise and Tommy Tough
have the laugh on Simple Sammy?
Well, I guess not. In next Sunday's
Comic Section.
+ ■ *
BROTHER TELLS
ABOUT MONNIER
With the examination of a half dozen
witnesses yesterday in Judge Graham's
court, the widow's side of the Monnier
will contest was submitted, and to-day
the cross-examination of one of the six
win conclude the hearing. The argu
ments will probably be made next
Monday.
The star for the proponents was Pe
ter Monnier. brother of the deceased
winemaker. He is serving as a juror in
Judge Lawior's court in the Wyman
case, which was cut short yesterday
afternoon to permit him to appear on
the ritand in detense of his brother's
stronemindedness. He declared that
Geo ge Monnier was a man of iron will,
and had'everything his own way. If
he was influenced by his wife. It waa
the influence that a good wife haa
oyer a good husband: he was of an
< x< itable temper, "ln the French way,"
but auick to forgive, as the witness
had occasion to know when they were
in business together and had a falling
out. When asked if George Monnier
was a drinking man, Peter aptly said:
"I know of no man ln the business
who will not take what is good for him,
but he is not compelled to."
The brother said that George had
consulted him about the adoption of
George Jr. Peter had seven children
of his own. but he was certain that
George was not present when the adop
tion papers werp signed. The witness
told of quarrels In the family and said
that George Jr. was below the aver
age young man in his treatment of his
adopted father.
Of the other witnesses. T. P. Riordan,
a real estate dealer, said that he had
heard the elder Monnier express satis
faction with the provisions of his will,
declaring that he would leave the boy
nothing. Selina Howes, a friend of the
family, who took her Sunday dinner
with the Monniera, told of quarrels, bad
names, and the unfillal behavior of
George Jr. Frank Schaffer, an employe
of the wine merchant, told a like tale,
and John Meyer and Anton Borel, old
acquaintances of the deceased, ex
pressed their opinion of his soundness
of mind.
HOUSE IS NOT
HIS DOMICILE
Attorney Charles S. Wheeler
Says a Man May Have Sev
eral Places of Residence
CLOSES LONG ARGUMENT
J. C. Campbell Concludes
Presentation of Cause
in Dunsmuir Will Case
The battle for the Dunsmuir millions
was again in progress in Judge Coffey's
court during both sessions yesterday.
Mr. Campbell finished his long argu
ment In the morning, and Charles S.
Wheeler began his reply to the plain
tiff's mc-tioa to have the will set aside
at the opening of the afternoon session.
Attorney Wheeler devoted nearly all
his time to the definition of the words
"residence" and "domicile." Upon what
Judge Coffey may believe to be the
meanings of these words, may rest the
decision regarding the validity of the
famous document.
J. C. Campbell in closing his exhaus
tive argument upon the subject made
a short and very concise resume of the
facts he had presented in his long
address. He closed his argument by
reading the affidavit of James Duns
muir made when he petitioned the
courts in Victoria to have the will
probated. He laid great stress on the
fact that ln the affidavit of James
Dunsmuir It was especially cited that
Alexander Dunsmuir at the time of the
making of his will was a resident of
San Francisco and of the State of Cali
fornia.
During the afternoon session Attor
ney Wheeler told the court that he was
suffering from a terrible cold, but that
he would go on with his reply as long
as he was able to speak. He then asked
Judge Coffey if he would grant permis
sion for his associate counsel from Vic
toria to be allowed to speak before the
bar here. Judge Coffey consented. Mr.
Wheeler, replying to the argument of
Mr. Campbell, said he had three prop
ositions to place before the court; viz:
That the counsel for plaintiff take the
case in question before a court of
equity; that the words domi
cile" and "residence" be de
clared to have separate mean
ings, and that the counsel for plaintiff
be found to have misconstrued the law
in regard to the jurisdiction of the
court.
Mr. Wheeler then stated that the de
cree of distribution of the Alexander
Dunsmuir estate had been granted
over three and a half years ago; that
the Attorneys. Wilson & Wilson, had
been settled with and had withdrawn
from any connection with the estate,
and that service had not been made in
proper form. "Notwithstanding these
informalities," Wheeler said, "we are
here to reply to plaintiffs' arguments.
"The word residence said Wheeler
"upon which so much stress is made
by plaintiffs' attorney, has several
meanings. It is a word of doubtful
definition. A man may have a dozen
residences but only one domicile. A
residence in some senses would only
mean a 'temporary residence.' A man
might sojourn in a residence, but ho
could not sojourn In his domicile."
The opposing attorneys base their
case upon the question cf domicile anVI
use it In conjunction with the word
residence. Taking the word residence
in one sense it would support the valid
ity of the will and in another it would
destroy its validity.
The case will come up for hearing at
11 a. m. to-day.
PHYSICIAN'S WIFE WALKS
EIGHTY-SIX CITY BLOCKS
Says Husband Denied Her Carfare
With Which to Return From a
Visit to Mother.
William M. McLaren, a physician,
whose wife says he has an income of
$200 a month and owns property on
H street, near Tenth avenue, worth
$5000, has woefully neglected her, ac
cording to her suit for divorce filed
yesterday. She declares that she went
to visit her mother and the doctor re
fused to give her carfare to return
home. She was compelled to walk
eighty-six blocks tin the night and was
exhausted and made ill by the ex
traordinary journey afoot. They were
married In 1901 and since then, she
says, he has frequently abused her
with vile names, and on New Tear's
day he told her that he did not want
,to live with her any longer. She asks
i for $30 a month alimony.
Judge Graham yesterday granted a
' divorce to Lillian W. Brown from Ed
ward Brown on the ground of cru
elty. She charged him with gambling
and intemperance and says that once
he drank carbolic acid with suicidal
intent, but she saved him. After the
suit was filed be applied to the court
for permission to visit their three
year-old boy. He took the child out
several times, then kidnaped the
youngster and neither has been heard
from since.
Other divorces were granted as fol
lows: By Judge Murasky to Flora E.
Jones from Charles W. Jones, neglect;
by Judge Sloss to Mary E. Roach
from William A. Roach, a cattleman,
desertion; by Judge Troutt to Erlinda
Bias from Ralph Bias, desertion; by
Judge Seawell to George Oberly from
Augusta Oberly, cruelty; by Judge
j A. M. from Catherine
Barley, cruelty.
New actions for legal separation
were begun by Emily Sampson
against Joseph Sampson; Anna C.
Brunzell against John A. Brnusell,
neglect; Carrie L. Rush against Ed
ward H. Rush, intemperance and cru
eltyf William H. Whelan agaiuatT Em
ma Whelan, cruelty; George H. Sterne
against Annie Sterne, desertion.
Unknown Man May Die.
An unknown man applied for a '
room at 1203 Market street late on
Tuesday night and shortly after he
was sent to his room the smell of es- ■
caping gas was At the
Emergency Hospital Dr. Herzog said
that there was litle hope of saving his
life. He had inhaled a quantity of the
carbon monoxide. The patient had in,
his possession a large revolver and a
pocketful of cartridges. Whe\her his
condition is due to attempted suicide
or accident is not known
CELEBRATE FALL
OF THE FORTS
Local Japanese Associations
S]>end Entire Day in Sport,
Speech making and Song
MANY THOUSAND ATTEND
Novel Portrayal of Customs
of Nippon Attracts Crowd
of American Visitors
♦
Local Japanese patriots celebrated
the fall of Port Arthur yesterday at
the Presidio Athletic Grounds, with
singing, speechmaking and all manner
of Japanese games and races. All day
long thousands of Japanese who were
able to leave their work filed in and out
of the grounds while many spent the
entire day In the big grandstand. Hun
dreds of pretty little Japanese girls,
from the various schools, in charge of
American teachers, added life and
gayety to the scene, and scattered
throughout the crowd were many
Americans attracted by the novelty of
the entertainment.
At 9:30 yesterday morning the cele
bration began with the singing of the
Klmigayo, the Japanese national an
them, and this was followed by an ad
dress by Mr. loki, a graduate of Cali
fornia University. Mr. Takada, secre
tary of the Japanese society, followed
with the reading of the Japanese edict
declaring war with Russia and was
heartily cheered. The cheering in
creased with the arrival of Japa
nese Consul Uyeno, who responded with
a short speech. The morning's speech
making closed with an address by the
Rev. Mr. Hosugai, of the Japanese
Methodist Episcopal church.
The afternoon was given over ex
clusively to sports and feats of strength
and the distribution of prizes. Hun
dreds of bare-legged, bare-armed ath
letes of Nippon swarmed over the
Held, running races, polevaulting.
Jumping and wrestling, to the delight
of thousands of their countrymen.
The athletes were divided into two
sections, one wearing blue and white
caps of the Japanese Y. M. C. A. and
the other the red and white caps of
the Japanese Methodist Episcopal
school. A third detachment wore the
red and white ribbons of the student
class and took sides in the sham battle
that opened the afternoon. The com
batants were armed with Japanese
armor and bamboo two handed swords.
They whacked each other lustily In
Japanese style. At the conclusion of
the fight nine "red" and three "blue"
men were left standing and the "reds"
were hailed as victors.
following the battle came pole
vaulting, running broad jumping, 300
--yard dash, three-legged race, obstacle
races, a blindfold race and a half-mile
run. Japanese straight catch-as-catch
can wrestling and Japanese fencing
ended the day's sport. The prizes were
distributed by Miss Margarita Lake, of
the Japanese Women's Home.
Peterson's Conduct Was Rough.
Martin Peterson when sober is a
quiet man, but when drink gets the
better of his senses he does rough
stunts at his home at 18% Freelon
street, as was made apparent yesterday
when he upset the peace and quiet of
hir family by removing the stove
from its accustomed place and setting
it on the center of the kitchen floor
and otherwise turning things about.
This caused his wife to reason that he
had lost his mind. Accepting this
charitable view of her husband she
had him taken to the Emergency Hos
pital for a diagnosis of his ailment.
The hospital authorities passed Peter
son over to Captain Mooney, who
diagnosed his case as "booze" and
had him booked as "drunk."
Pyrography Outfits
And all kinds of artist materials, paints,
brushes, canvas, studies and skins and
wod to burn. We are agents for Wind
sor & Newton, makers of the best artist
materials in the world. Sanborn. Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
MUST PAT . FOR HORSE. —Judge Van
Nostrand yesterday save Judgment f«£ $200 in
favor 0%0. C. Sawyer, who suej Adam Miller,
a stable owner, for the value of a horse. The
testimony showed that Miller had allowed on*
nabcock to drive the horse Without permission
and the animal fell In the stable after ths
drive and later died. , >•
AD\^RTISEMEyTS.
■ Pullman tourist sleeping cars throngb
g from Los Angeles and San Francisco
' I General Aireat Pacific Coast.
■ 617 Market St.. Ban Francisco. ?
RISDON WORKS
GET NO COIN
Unable to Recover From an
English Stockholder of
British Firm in America
LONDON COURT'S RULING
•
Attempt to Collect From an
Individual of Company in
California Not a Success
c .
LONDON. Jan. 11.—A decision to-day
of the King's Bench division of the
High Court of Justice debars American
creditors from recovering debts from
shareholders of British companies do
ing business in America.
The question arose through a suit of
the Risdon Iron Works Company, which
sought to recover from Sir Christopher
Furness as a shareholder of the Cop
per King, Limited, now liquidating, the
cost of work supplied to the latter com
pany in California. The plaintiffs con
tended that as the Copper King Com
pany did business in California the
shareholders were amenable to the Cal
ifornia laws, and therefore liable for
the company's debts.
The court held that the Copper King
was an English company, and that the
liability of the shareholders was limited
to paying In full for their shares.
MUST GO TO SAN QUENTIN. —The Su
preme Court yesterday decided that Charie*
Clark must "spend two years at San Quentin
for the commission of grand larceny In Los
Angeles eighteen months ago. Clark con
tended that the Jury had been Improperly
charged by the trial court.
j |
j James Flood j
. i i — *♦
j ....Building j
j IOFFICESI j
! j
t Now ready for occupancy, i
I Low rents. No dark rooms. 1
I Every possible conven- I
| ience of the modern of- t
I fice building. Fitted espe- ♦
J cially to supply wants of ♦
i physicians and dentists. •
I Nine high speed elevators, *
I Free light, heat, water and I
(janitor service. For prices ♦
and further information ap- i
ply at office of the building, i
!Room 301, or \
B. P. OLIVER,
114 Montgomery St. I
TKAVEIi.
e Steamers of company, np
for which It Is agent, leave
Piers » and 11. Ban Fran-
For Ketchikan. Wrangel,
Juneau. Treadwell. Haines.
Skaguay. etc.. Alaska —11 a.
m.. Jan. 15. 20. 25. 30, Feb.
4. Change to this company"s
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver. Port Townsend.
Seattle Tacoma. Everett, South Bellingham.
Bellingham—ll a. m., Jan. 15. 20, 25, 30.
Feb 4. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1; W)
p m.. Jan. 17, 23, 20. Feb. 4. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Jan. 14. 20. 20. Feb. 1.
For i.os Angeles (via Port Los Angeles aid
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 0 a. m
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m
For Dos Angeles (via San Pedro and Ea*t
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. Jan. 14, 22. 30, Feb 7.
Santa Cruz (freight only). 9 a. m., Jan.
18. 26.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose d -I
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paa. Santa Roettn,
Guaymas (Mex.). lo a. m., 7th of each month.
For further Information obtain folder. R'gbt
U reserved to chnnge steamers or sailing date*.
TICKET OFFICES—4 New Montgom
ery st.fPftlaee H' tel). 10 Market st.. end Broad
way wharves. Freisrht Offlce 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St., San Franclec...
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. wi'l
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AMERICAN line.
Plymouth—Cherbourg—Southampton.
New York Ten. ...Feb. 4
St Louis Jan. 2SiSt. Paul Feb. 11
ATLANTIC THAHSPOBT LINE
Hew York—London Direct.
Manltou .Isn 21'Mlnnetonka Feb. 4
Menominee Jan. 28 Messba Feb. 11
BED STAB LINE.
Hew York—Antwarrw-London—Vert*.
Calling at Dover for London and Parla.
Finland Jan. 91 jKroonland Feb. 4
Vaderland Jan. Zeeland Feb. 11
WHITE STAR LINE.
Hew York—Omeeuetown —Liverpool.
Baltic .Feb. 1, 3:30 onv!Oceanic.Feb. 18. 2 pm.
Teutonic Feb 8. 10 sm Majestic.Feb.22. 10 am.
Boston —-Oneenetown —Liverpool,
Cymric Jan. 25f\V!nlfred«an Feb <*
NEW YOBX AND KOSTOH DIB»CT
To the Mediterranean.
Gibraltar Nanlen. Oenoa Alexandria
FROM NEW YORK.
CRETIC Feb. 4, noon; March 18. nocn
REPUBLIC Feb. 25. no?n
FROM BOSTON.
ROMANIC.. .Jan. 28. 3:30 pm.: Mar. 11. 1 pm
CANOPIC Feb. If. 8:30 a. m.
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger A rent Pacific Coast.
21 Post st.. San Francisco.
OCCfIMCSeSeCt. "^ffi™
S S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney. Thurs.. Jan. 12, 1906. 2 p. m
8 S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Jan. 21. 11 am
8. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. F*b. 7, 11 a. m.
J.P.SPBECK£LSk BROS. CO., AAU,TICKiOIKoi3 lX-
Hi htm Officii 327 mm sl. Pier 7, Pacil? a
00MPA8HIS GSNIRALK TRANSATXaHTIQUI.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE—Paria.
Balllng every Thursday instead of Oflft
Saturday, at 10 a.m.. from Pier 42,
North River, foot of Morton at.
First claas to Havre, |70 and upward. Im
ond claas to Havre. #48 and upward. GEN
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES-AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York J. F. FUGAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco,
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Tar V. U. Havy Yard aad Yallejo.
Btrs General Friable, Monticello and Arrow
• •45 a.m.. 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m., « p.n»., 8:80
r> m • Sundays, 9:48 a.m., 12:80 noon, 6 p.nv.
8:80 p.m. Leave Vallejo, 7 a_m . 9 a.m.. 12:30
nm 8:15 p.m. f»5:46 p.m. Saturday), 8 ».m
Sundays. 7 a.m.. » a.m., 2:20 p.m., 6 pja ncr
'loot Mlssloa «t.; phone Main 160* HATCH
BROaV
1112
FREE—A LAIXiE BOX 0T THE NEWEST CONEECriON,
THEiJgfCAIL
JOHN I). SPKJSf KKLS. . Proprietor
Communications to
JOHN McNAtJCtHT Manager
\V. .1. MAKTIN. . Hn-iix-* Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL The Operator Will Con
nect You with the I>epartinent You Wlsn.
Publication Office Market and Third, S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered hv carrier. 90 Ctav Per Week, 73
c/Y p.-r Month. Single Copies 8 O**,.-
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash witn
Order): M
DAILY call (includ. Sunday), 1 year.. .sß.w
DAILY CALL (includ Sunday). 6 mos... 4.W
DAILY CALL—By Single Month W*
SUNDAY CALL, l Year -*r
WEEKLY ( ALL, 1 Year ___
winrin\- 1 Da11y...58.80 Per Year Extra
V- [■ Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. J Weekly. 1.00 IVr Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies .will be forwarded when re
quested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of ad
dress Bhouid be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS ln order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
JolC Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
6AMUEL W. WALL.... Poet Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KKOONESS. Marquette Building.
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2610.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT.
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
.orner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
627 Montgomery street, comer Clay; open until
0:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 0:30 p. m.
039 McAllister street; open until 0:30 p. m.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 M'SStOB street; open until 10 p. m.
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. y
1090 Valencia street: open until 0 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
2*JOO Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEET-HQ NOTICES.
A SPECIAL meeting of Yerba , r~|
Buetia Chapter No. I, Rose Croix, L—-
A. and A. Scottish Rite of Free- • M\ i
masonry, will be held In Com- B
mandery Hall, Masonic Temple, on 1/
THURSDAY EVENING, January J\
12. 19*15, at 7:45 o'clock. Degree L
15. Visiting brethren cordially In
sited. HENRY BURNER, Secretary.
M'SSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M.~ •
Special meeting this (THURSDAY) YY
EVENINO 7::i0 o'clock. Royal Arch
degree. By order of the H. P.
JOHN R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and ft
A. M.. wil meet THIS iTHI.'HS
DAY) EVENING, January 12, at
7:30 o'clock. Flrat degree. By order
of the Master.
Fit AN KLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL LODGE No. 22, F. and at
A. M . will meet THIS iTHURS- VTr*
DAY) AFTERNOON, at 1 :30 o'clock,
for the purpose of conducting the
funeral services over the remains of our
deceased brother, HENRY JOHN JACOB
vAN MA RLE. Master Masons Invited. By
order of the Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212, •
I and A. M.. meets THIS (THURS- VVf
KAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Third degree. Master Masons cor
dially Invited. By order.
wm. Mcdonald, w. m.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. D
M.—Special meeting THIS (THURS-
l>.\V) EVENING at 7;:;0 o'clock. />r\
First degree. Masons cordially ln
rtted. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 2K-, F. and A. M.— m
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. Third de-
grce. liy order of the Master
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
STARR KING Lodge No. 344. F. and f)
A. M., 317 Devisadero St. —First de- > *fV r
gree this (THURSDAY) EVENING/V\
at 1:30 o'clock. Visiting brethren
cordially Invited. By order of the W. M.
H. F. WRIGHT. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 3,
I. Installation FRI- -____■_
DAY EVENING, Ki.Wn
1005. Members pleaee attend. ~^
Visiting brothers welcome.
H. L. MEYERS, N. G.
M. L. BRILLIANT, R. S.
YERRA HI'EN A Lodge No. 15, __m<
I O. O. P. —Initiatory degree _■_■■_.
THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- 3__M_E
ING. January 12, Visiting and
sojourning brothers cordially Invited. By
order GEORGE C. COE, N. G.
CHARLES A. WISE WELL, Rec. Sec.
OCCIDENTAL Ix.dge No. 179.
I. O. O. F. — Installation of -_■___.
eftb ci.- THIS (THURSDAY) 4ES_Q_P
EVENING. Members are cor-
dlally requested to attend.
JOHN T. BHALER, N. G.
E. S. WISWELL. R. 8.
•— 1 *
W ESTERN Addition t Lodge No. __«-_.
286. I. o. O F.—lnstallation of JHK
officers THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. Jan. 13, 1905. Eureka 7
Hall. F. H. PIKE N. G.
WM. F. LEE, Fin. Bee.
THE S:ui I'rancltvo Scottish Thistle . «—»
Club meets Til IS (THURSDAY) ,V
EVENING, in Fraternity Hall.
."2 O'Farrell St., at 8 o'clock. In-
stallation of officers, election of games and
literary committees.
GEORGE W PATEHSON. Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder.
THE Servian Benevolent Society
holds, its regular meetings _
every second and last THURS- a V
DAY of the month at 102
O'Farrell st. at 7:30 p. m. wMgSmf
JOHN A. LJUBIBRATICH. j_af^s
V. RADOJEVICH. Secretary. ' IKmQ
THE annual meeting ot the stockholders of
the Donohoe-Kelly Banking Company will
l>e held at the of flee. No. 100 Montgomery
et , Sen Francisco, Cal.. on Wednesday.
January 18. UH)S. at 3:30 o'clock p. m., for
the election of a Board of Directors for the
ensuing year, and for the transaction of
such otber business as may he presented.
EDWARD DONOHOE. Secretury.
GEOGRAPHICAL Society of the Pacific—An
nual meeting on TUESDAY, January 17. ln
the library 410 (California St.. room 23, at 6
p. m. By order
GEORGE DAVIDSON. President.
JOHN PARTRIDGE, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
rcce!\e« applications to mine by hydraulic
inocess from F. C. Barnum In American
Hours mine, near American House, Plumas
County. Cal., draining Into dry ravtne which
reaches Valley Creek and South Fork of
Feather River, and from Harry Johns and
C. F. Cowan, In Spring Hill Mine, near So
nora. Tuolumne County, Cal., draining into
Woods Cree!:, which reaches Tuolumne Riv
er, gives notice that a meeting to receive
any pretests will be held at room 68, Flood
building. San Francisco, Cal.. Jan. 23, 1906.
at 1:30 p. tn. '
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting (annual)—To the
stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany: Please take nctice that tho annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Oceanic
Steamship Company will be held at the
principal office of the comuany (I. c., .i 27
Market et.. room 4, second floor), ln the city
and county of San Francisco. State of Cali
fornia on SATURDAY, the 21st day of
January. A. D.. 1906. at 11 o'clock a. nr.
for the purpose of electing directors and for
the transaction of auch other business as
may propcrlv come before the meeting. The
stock transfer books of the company will be
closed ten (10) days prior to said day of
meeting. B" order of the board of director.
H. W. THOMAS, Secretary Occsnlc
Bteemship Company. 327 Market St., San
Francisco. Cal.
Fan Francisco, January 5, 1905.
MEETING NOTlCES—Continued.
SPECIAL MEETING—A special meeting of
the -tockholdera of the Pujaro Valley Con
solidated Railroad Company will he liild at
the office of the company, ;i27 Market street.
San Francisco, c.n TUESDAY, the 17th day
of January, IS<JS. at the hour of 11 o'clock
n. m.. for the pursue of electing a board
of director* to serve for the SQPBlitg year and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting. The transfer
books of the company will close on Friday,
January 13. 1906, at 3 p. ni. Hy crder of
the president W. H. MAN NAM. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of th<- Association of the
Hospital for Children and Training School
for Nurses will be held at the hospital on
THUHSDAY. Jan. 12, 190fi, at 2 p. m.. for
the purpoae of electing a board of directors
for the ensu'".g year and for any other busi
ness that may come before the meeting.
HARRIET G. HtiLMES. He.- rding Sec._
THE annual meeting of the Golden Gate Kin
dergarten Association for the election of di
rectors will he held at 560 Union st. on
MONDAY, January 16. at 10 a. m.
VIRGINIA FITCH. President.
.IKSEEY DORR, Secretary.
ATTORWETS-AT-T*a\.W.
Advice free In all legal matters: private divorces
a specialty; quick, quiet: no pay unless divorce
Is grantee); collections made; partnership bill of
sale, wills, deeds, etc.. drawn. Open evenings
by requ.*st. Established 22 years. G. W.
HOWE, 1122 Market st.. bet. Mason A Taylor.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-law. Exam, bldg.,
♦Jtti fl-jor; entrance room Oil; established 20
years; all courts, general court and office
practice: no fees in advance or for consulta
tion; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free; legat divorce, costs 112; all law
cases handled: no fee In advance; open Sat
urday evenings: other evenings by appoint
ment; call and save money. 810 Market, r. 33.
AA —Divorce; costs $12 ;qulck, quiet ;advice free;
all law business; no charge unless successful;
open i-venings. 027 Market St., room 301.
L. S CLARK, f»27 Market, room 304; consulta
tion free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
JOHN GUIDERY. attorney-at-law, rooms 3
and 4, 240 Montgomery st.; phone Red C 617.
ABORIOI.
FOR adoption, pretty baby girl. 8 months old,
blue eyes, brown hair; full surrender. Box
3109. Call office.
AMTMVUL CtTML
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly;
10c. 25c, 50e. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas, also
Wishart Tenth and Washington. Oakland.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A—s2ooo: ONE of the beat paying and elegant
furnished restaurants and oyster grottoes ln
this city: location the very best; close to the
aters; 4 rears' lease: Investigate and make
offer. Ca"ll R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny st.
A— $1250; HALF interest in leading- bakery,
coffee paiior or lunch room; across the bay;
retiring partner must leave for Germany at
once; bargain. <*ll R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A —ssoo; DELICATESSEN stand in leading
market; rent $25; stand does a good paying
business; value in sight. Call R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st.
A—s3ooo; CORNER saloon on Sixth St.; place
doing a good paying business; estab. years;
lease; a flrst-class business proposition. For
particulars see R G WILKE, 2«% Kearny.
A—$1800; BAKERY in lively town, 80 miles
from S. F.; rent $27; 4 years' lease; baking
2 barrels per day; ;t horses, 2 wagons; large
store trade. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A —$800; OYSTER and chop house, close te
Market and 7th sts.; rent $28; good business;
owner must sell this place or his other
oyster and chop house on Montgomery aye.,
price $450; rent $16; come investigate ami
take your choice. R. G. WILKE, 2j%
Kearny st. _______
A—sl2oo; ROADHOUSE; 4 furnished rooms;
rent $10; lease; shuffleboard; place estab
lished many years; best location on San Ma
teo road. Call R. G. WILKE, 28% Kearny.
A—s22oo; CORNER saloon on California st.;
rent $76; old established business and good
paying place; fine fixtures; large stock; a
bargain. Call R Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—sl2oo; FRCIT and produce stand ln leading
market; doing a business of $100 per day; 3
horses, 2 wagons; a splendid offer and rare
chance. Call R. O. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—$800; RESTAURANT and chop house; cloße
to 2 carhousee; 6 rooms; rent $33; established
years; doing a first-class business; Investi
gate' this Is a good business and a bargain.
Partloulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s4ooo; BAKERY and confectionery, estab
lished many years; baking 7 barrels per day;
6 horses wagons and buggy; one of the best
In this city. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—s3so; WELL established real estate office ln
Napa Co.; office doing a good business; has
valuable contracts; clearing about $150. Par
ticulars R. G. WILKE. 2«% Kearny st.
A—ssoo; HARDWARE, locksmith and electri
cal repair shop; established 25 years; best
loe-ation. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 20%
Kearny at.
A—$1800; BALOON on water front, close to
Market st.; net rent $120; place established
many years and known as a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—s36oo; LIQUOR store, with 6 years' lease;
$2000 stock guaranteed; one block north of
Market; a very rare chance. Call on R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT and coffee ealoon:
dally receipts $50; rent $80; lease; place lo
cated close to Market and a good business.
Call on R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny at.
A—$1000; HOTEL; a flrst-class paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen, with 5-year
lease; close to carhouse and other factories.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. .
A—$1800; RESTAURANT for sale ln the beet
mining town ln the State of Nevada; dally
receipts $150; opposite the roundhouse; no
better paying* proposition In Nevada* Partic
ulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s7ooo; BAKERY, one of the best ln city;
monthly sales $6000; splendid chance for two
partners: not all cash necessary. Particulars
sec R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny St.
A—s2soo; H(>TEL In Sonoma Co.; 20 furn.
rooms; dining and bar room, bus, 2 horses,
cow. etc., and 7 acres of land; 5 years' lease;
rent $50. or owner will sell whole property
for $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A —sl76o; CORNER grocery and bar, with 5
living rooms, on Sacramento St.; 4% years'
lease; rent $45; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s23so; COAL wood, hay and grain busi
ness; 3 horses, 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best location;
a good cash business. See R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny at.
A—$800; CORNER ealoon ln wholesale dis
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon cs
tab. 20 years and known as a good busi
ness. See R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A—s24so; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
leaee; rent $40; store doing large cash busi
ness; location can't be beat: value In eight.
See R. O. WILKE, 26% Kearny at.
WESTERN REALTY CO. Open «V*a_«.
1007',. Mnrket st. Phone Folsom 2046.
$150 —BARBER shop; 2 chairs; rent $20; good
trade. 1007% Market at.
$175—PARTNER to take cash and assist In
restaurant. 1007% Market st.
$600 —CANDY store and icecream parlor on
Market St.; cheap rent; plenty of tOVJIs; large
trade; Al fixtures; sacrificed; leaving city.
WESTERN REALTY CO., 1007% Market at.
$800 BUYS paying saloon near Turk and Mar
ket sts. See gent, 1007% Market st.
BAY SHORE REALTY CO..
1206 Market at. Phone Mint 2986.
$325—G00D boarding-house; cheap rent; full
of steady boarders. Bay Shore Realty Co.
$2600 —FIRST-CLASS 44-room lodging-house";
big money maker. Bay Shore Realty Co. •
$300 —LADY with $300 to tak- charge of 20
-room lodging-house. Bay Shore Realty Co.
A 24-ROOMED apartment house ln a choice
residence district for sale; the apartments
are rented all the time and clear over s:t >
per month; Investigate this bargain. Box
3104. Call office.
PARTY with $350 In light business; good
profit; light service reeiulred; A No. 1 busi
ness. Inquire 283 Fourth St., barber shop.
SMALL drug stock, with good fixtures, at your
own price; good location; low rent; must sell;
Investigate, iys Alcatraa aye., Berkeley.
CORNER grocery and bar; north Market st.;
receipts $«v a day; must sell by February 1.
PAC. BUSINESS ASSN.. 1148 Market st.
FOR SALE—A notion, cutlery and stationery
store. It) Fourth at. city. See FRANK A.
VAIL. 741 Market St.
WANTED —Partner, vaudeville theater; well
located; doing big business. Particulars In
quire L. FOX. 422 Goldch Gate aye.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. J AVI WRY 12. 1905.
_ BUSINESS CHANCES—Continued-^
A —CAMERON U CO. Fhone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cur. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for ali kinds ol business chances.
Here te an opportunity of getting one of the
be-st groceries and bars in city; fine transfer
corner; downtown and doing big business;
cheap rent; 5 years' lease; receipts average
KISUU t.i $2000 per month; never changed
hand.-; best of reasons for selling. CAM
EBON A CO.
Exchanges made In all kinds of real estate.
rooming-house and business chances. CAM
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
One of tli» best grocery and liquor stores: been
established for 20 years; doing fine business;
clearing f.UX) to $500 per month; owner has
made fortune and wishes to retire from busi
ness: good horse and wagon, with complete
stock, goes for $1800: fixtures worth price
asked; present owner there 8 yeais.
For sale—First-r lass bazaar and cigar busi
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rentj
fixtures and store up-to-date; established 1.
years; fine new stock of goods: has never
charged hands; now clearing $350 and over
per month; best reason for selling; an op
portunity of a lifotime. SEE CAMERON
A CO.
For sale—Well furnished and equipped country
hotel; 59 rooms; rent only $160; ten-year
lea*.',; newly painted and renovated through
out; about 50 mllea from S. F.; fine, grow
ing town; present owner made fortune ana
wants to retire. CAMERON A CO., 3 Eddy.
First-class saloon; downtown; two blocks from
Market st., rent $75; well fitted up; receipts
$18 to $25 per day; must be sold on account
of other business; price, $1600. CAMERON
A CO.
Flrst-class short order restaurant, downtown;
fittings new and up-to-date; receipts $75 to
$80 per day; fine opportunity to get Al prop
osition reasonable; best of reason for sell
ing. CAMERON A CO.
For sale —Flrst-class downtown cigar store;
doing good bualness. but disagreement of
partners cause of sale. CAMERON A CO.
For sale—Well located, 3-chair barber ahop
on Fillmore St.; rent $15; doing good busi
ness; old established stand; here Is a chance
to get paying business for little money;
owner leaving city; price $300. CAMERON
A CO.
INVESTORS —Your attention la called to the
stock of a corporation engaged in the manu
facture and sale of a hardware specialty
upon which a patent has been allowed, which
stock is for sale in amounts to suit. The ar
ticle Is displacing other artlclea Intended for
the same purpose now on the market on ac
count of its simplicity, lightness and ease of
operation. A well known business man is at
the head of the enterprise, and the profit*
which can be made ln the business will allow
a goou income on the investment. Full par
ticulars at Sonntag's Patent Agency, 214
Pine it.; telephone Front 14. A full investi
gation solicited.
TO~INVESTORS.
WE HANDLE
High-class propositions only.
From $UOO to $50,000.
Have dividend propositions paying all the
way from 5 to 20 per cent per annum.
Fullest Investigation courted.
Call or write for particulars.
J. W. JAQUITH A CO..
James Flood building.
Rooms 874, 876 and 878; tel. John 2421.
WANTED —Energetic and thoroughly reliable
man with $4000 to $6000 to Invest and take
management of already established extensive
paying business; salary $150 monthly aa
manager besides his share of profits, which
easily will be $300 to $400 monthly; must be
able to give excellent references. For full
particulars see TONY LUBELSKI, Fischer's
Theater. S. F., or Tuesday evenings at Nov
elty Theater, Oakland, Cal.
$1600 —SALOON, stock and fixtures; fine loca
tion; good trade and cheap rent; long lease;
must be sold at once on account of sickness.
GEORGE C. YOUNG, Petaluma. Cal.
FOR sale ln Oakland—Hotel of 32 rooms; nice
ly and newly furnished; everything new and
up to date; part cash, balance easy terms.
Box 3299. Call office.
$7500 —GROCERY and bar (separate); promi
nent corner; immense stock; fine teams, etc.;
long lease; established 20 years: owner to re
tire; no agents. Apply P. O. box 2228.
SALOON for sale in Point Richmond; good
trade and everything complete. Address box
3099. Call office. _
A GOOD paying boarding-house and bar for
sale. Apply to Washington Hotel. 14 Wash
ington St., near East.
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good. Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
WILL exchange park property for business or
lodging-house. Box 2934, Call office.
FOUR merchandise contracts; reliable com
pany; cheap If taken at once. 819 Mkt., r. 29.
$1000, HALF Interest ln bus. worth $5000;
grand opening; investigate. Box 8128, Call.
FOR sale—Account departure, cheap: paint
shop, complete. 288 O'Farrell; fruit store.
% OR 1-3 interest new lmpd steam cylinder
and valve structure for stm. egnes. 3080 Call.
ARE you looking for a grocery and bar? In
quire 725 Folsom at.; price right.
oiUwBRY and bar on Folsom st, for sale for
$1400. Address box 3405. Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB. SALE.
Phone Main 3343. Money to Loan.
MARION GRIFFIN.
970 Market, cor. Powell; new Flood bid ,r. 801.
Free List Hotels and Room Ing-Houses.
THOUGHTFUL PURCHASER,
we call your attention to 2
modern apartment houses of 70
and 180 rooms. Each Is a
profitable investment, which we
will absolutely prove to you If
you will call on us and per
sonally Investigate.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 801,
New FLOOD Bldg.
TOUR check ts good for $850;
you pay tho other $850 In little
monthly payments. Furnish
ings are very fine, cost $2110;
profit $91 monthly. Eminently
respectable. Best furnished 21
-room bouse ln San Francisco.
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room 801,
New FLOOD Bldg.
MAKE an offer; $90 clear
monthly; carefully examine this
30-room house; rent only $65;
rooms pay $6 per room; price
aeked, $1800; all housekeep
ing rooms; almost no work for
the landlady. Don't forget
that rent Is almost nothing.
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room 801,
. New Flood Bldg.,
No. 970 Market, -
Corner of Powell.
FARDON ua for being plain
spoken. Only a person with a
good education and of a re
fined nature would succeed in
this 68-room house, partly fur
nished: long lease, low rent.
Price $3500. Should clear $300
monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room 801,
New FLOOD Bldg.
BUTTER-ST. bargains. Three
splendid propositions, and each
most beautifully furnished.
With us exclusively; 30 rooms
for $2000; 40 rooms for $3000;
50 rooms for $4000. Easy terms
If desired.
• MARION GRIFFIN,
970 Market St.,
Room 801.
ONLY $100 down and little pay
ments; 10 rooms: nice house on
Geary;, clears $30.
MARION GRIFFIN,
R. 801. Flood Bldg..'
Opposite "Emporium."
205-ROOM lodging-house.
90-reom apartment-house.
57-room lodging and apartment house.
64-room lousring-house.
60-room lodging-house.
Newly furnished and centrally located.
Apply 338-342 Post St.; no agents.
NEW~FTRM—FISHER & CO.—NEW FIRM.
Successors to Mitchell A Co. ln rooming
houses, hotels and flats. James Flood bldg.,
Powell and Market: r. 430. Phone Main 3354.
I HAVE best located, best paying 30-room
house ln city; must sell Immediately; great
burgaln. Box 3120, Call office.
LODGING - HOUSE,~2B rooma7~for sale: rea
sonable; In good location. Address box 3503.
Call office.
S ROOMS; rent $36 per month: income over
_ $S5; always full; price $325. 214 Ellis st.
ROOMING-HOUSE. 0 rooma; Sixth and Te
hama sts. Apply 909 Mission st.
10 ROOMS and bath; cheap: good location;
low rent income. 817 Post st.
4
kOOGIITG-HQUSES FOR SALE —Con.
A—CAMERON A CO.—- Phonw South 1050,
3 Eddy tt.. cor.' Market and Powell.
Headquarters tor Rooming-houses, Hotel* and
- Ali Klnd& of Business Chances.
Beautiful new building; grand entrance;
electric elevator, lights; steam heat; 60 light
and suuny rooms, elegantly iurnUhtd; spacious
halls, draperies and lutings ot the best; where
you uui have an exquisite home Daiwoa Blear
ing $300 pel month above ail c-xpsnses. close
in; cheap rent and long lease; mis house is
alway* full of best people, sickness causes
sale; exclusively with us.
14-room house, furnished in oak and mahog
any; good carpets; first-class location! all full
and clearing nice little salary every month;
you can get It for $600 cash.
Grand, new, modem apartment-houae; beau
tiful building; elegantly furnished; good long
lease with cheap rent; only 15 minutes' wa.k
from Kearny tt.; has 180 rooms and pays $500
to $000 per month; always full; best class of
people; a bargain tan be had If taken at once.
This is a fine opportunity for some one with
$10(K> cash to get 2C rooms well furnished in
oak and ch«rry; everything in flrst-class shape
and clears $86 above all expenses; leaves 3
rooms for landlady; balance can be paid out
of bouse.
For oale, 4 years' lease and business of 27
-room northeast comer house, well and com
pletely furnlahed and equlpp-d boarding-house;
swelleet location in oity; full permanent, flrst
class people; on account of departure soon
opportunity is offered to start in bualneaa for
the small Investment of $600.
Rare bargain can be got ln a beautifully
furniihed 100-room downtown houee; carpets,
furniture and draperies of the best; building
and furnishings leas than two years; electric
elevator, lights, steam heat; everything mod
ern and up-to-date; cheap rent; owner com
pelled to leave city on account of other busi
ness; bargain of a lifetime; exciuaively.
Downtown 6-room upper flat, comer, all
aunny rooma; rent only $60; can get lease;
beautifully furnished and cost $1280; new less
than 1 year; big snap at $650.
High-grade family hotel on the hill; ele
gantly furnished; haa 80 light and sunny
rooms; always full and clears a fine Income,
but sickness ts only cause for being on the
market; good chance for some one to get pay
ing Investment at sacrifice.
Rare chance to get choice 7-room flat; rent.
Including garbage and janitor service, $40 per
month; furnished in mahogany and oak; best
body Brussels carpets; new 1 y*ar and cost
$800 to furnish; will sell for $450 on account
of leaving city.
16 rooma well located on Eddy at.; rent only
$65; oak and cherry furniture; clears $7.>;
leaves 3 best rooms for landlady; everything
flrst-clas* condition; here Is a fine homo com
bined with nice little business; part down, bal
ance as you make tt.
70-room country hotel; best Interior town ln
State: barroom. 2 dining rooms and 5-room
cottage besides; rent $100 per month; can get
10 years' lease; brick building; everything fine
condition; fine business proposition.
Here is a nice little home of 12 well fur
nished rooroV renWonly $60; where you can
clear $50 per moon and have 2 best rooms;
Van Ness aye.; only $850.
24 beautifully furnished rooms; new house;
new furniture; modern and up-to-date; com
pleted leas than 2 months; close In; sudden
illness ln family causes sole chance to get
brand new house aa cheap as old one. Owner
sick in bed; rare opportunity.
Beautifully furnished 6-room modem flat;
new 6 months ago; rent only $25; fine location;
cost over $000; to be sold for $400; departure.
Choice 80-room downtown European hotel;
strictly flrat-class *nd thoroughly respectable;
every equipment; modern and up-to-date; al
ways full and clears $350 to $400 per month;
best reasons for selling; exclusively with us.
New modern 8-room upper flat; choice loca
tion on Ellis: mahogany, blrdseye maple fur
niture; Axmlnster and velvet carpets; cost
$2200 to furnish; will be sold at one-half cost
on account of buying larger house.
We have a number of special bargains In
flats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern; can
be had for less than half cost to furnish:
must be sold, either account of sickness or
departure.
Have large list of real estate, hotels, room
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON A CO.. 3 Eddy st.
Rooming-Houses and Hotels For Sal*.
H. C. DECKER 906 MARKET ST.
H. C. DECKER PHONE JOHN 531.
SQUARE DEALING —CLEAR TITLES.
Over 28 years selling houses ln this city.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
See the following bargains:
20 rms.; transient $850
14 rms.; only $.350 cash $750
10 rms.; rent $75; only $250 cash $750
24 rms.: all light and sunny; rent $cO. .$l4OO
26 rms.; Market-st. snap $2500
25 rms.; up-to-date hotel; swell location.s32o<>
10.rm. house; new furniture $6CO
27 rms.; Post St.; transient $2000
12 rms.; $300 cash, balance payments... .$6OO
24 rms.; clears $150; owner retiring $1600
24 rms.; Market st., sunny side $1400
CO rms.; new, modern; bargain $3500
15 rms.; new carpets, good furniture... .$BOO
218 rms.; apartments; cost $25.000 $11,000
lSrms.; sunny corner; cost $1500 $1000
6 rms.; modern flat $400
14 rms.; nicely furnished; a gift at $750
10 rms.; corner; clears $40 a month... .$4OO
24 rms.; flrle location; part cash $1000
46 rms.; hotel and bar; yours for $3000
See DECKER, hotel broker, 906 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED—To rurchase lodging-hoflse; fur
nished; 16 rooms. Box 3094, Call.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A—EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY
To Consult
RICHARD MAYO
At Reduced Charges,
Complete clairvoyant readings SOo this week.
No charge unless satisfactory.
You can be the Judge.
' At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age, occupa
tion. Hla descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real aa though they stood
before you.
LOVE, COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs,
troubles, marriages, restores lost affections,
reunites the separated.aettles lovers' quarrels.
TEI_S YOU WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
And how to WIN the man or woman you
love and how to make your husband or wife
be true to you, and how to overcome all
your enemies and how to make a person at
a distance think of yoti and how to DE
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM. THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS.
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable.
Ellis St.— 421A—Ellis st.
Houra—lo a. m. to Bp. m. Private flat.
MME. LYNN.
The Eminent Clairvoyant — Psychic — Mystic.
Special Reduction This We/k.
Readings 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 60c 500
Wonderful, bewildering is the work of Mme.
Lynn, whose readings are a revelation; advice
on love, marriage, courtship, business, mines;
also reunites the separated; gives secret power
to control any one In 21 days. She tells your
full name and what you want to know. All
business strictly confidential.
239 Powell st.. near Geary.
Hours, 10 a. "m. to 8 p. m.
MME. LANGE gives you advice by her genuine
Egyptian sympathy, palmistry, spiritualism
and crystal readings; has the magnetic mir
ror, the greatest secret of the world; tells by
cards; shows picture of future; come, con
vince yourself; 50c up; Sundays. 88 Turk st.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famoua clairvoyant
and business n.edlum, reads your life cor
rectly, given accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs ln life; never failed to give satis
faction; 26c up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
with second sight; tells past, present, future;
ladloa. 50c; gents by cards, $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings. $1 50. 303 Jones.nr.Eddy.
Livingstone!
For reliable clairvoyant reading consult
LIVINGSTONE,
26% Kearny st.
ISMAR. Egyptian seereas. The Vendome, 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office house—lo
a m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes
day evening. 6to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.: L. 50c,
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
At-MRS. DR. f! CLARKE, the well-known
trance medium; readlnga dally; 10 to 5. 343
Geary st.
-MME. KRONuxhero, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader: when others fall try me; read
ings 25c. 102% Sixth at., near Mission.
MISS WARD. 1206 Market St.. parlor 31, clalr
voysnajt, gives names, dates; take elevator.
MME. ELLA from New York, greatest card
reader in West; 25c and 60c. 1206 Market st.
CI^IB.VOYANTS— Continued.
MISS M WILLE 310 Ellis st.. clairvoyant,
crystal eeer and life r*Rd?r, tells you exactly
what yew called for without ashing a ques
tion; names given; $1; lioijr«. 10 to 8.
MRS. SHAPPKR, clairvoyant, card render, hae
returned; sittings dally. li)J* Oth it.,rooms i-2
MME. OIJELL. clairvoyant, card render and
teacup. 25c up. 222*4 Eddy st., lower flat.
MRS. H.M MANN, tho w*l!-known fortune
teller, is now at 31" Ellis st.
SFimrrvA_n_c.
PRACTICAL, mlper and psychic, wishing to
benefit the world, will locate mines free of
charge until they are developed. 255 Steven
son at. I
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night
and Sunday, S p. ro.; "Mends only." 1084 i
Bush st.
A—MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
EARLE to-night. Colonnade Hall, 210 Eddy
St.; reading daily. 225 O'Farrell st.
MME. YOUNG S test circle to-night. 10c; read
ings oally; come skeptics. 619 McAllister at.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium; 356S 17th
at.; readings 1 to 5; tel. Capp 856.
PROF. FRED EVANS noted slate-writer and
clairvorant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
CARPLIT BEATING AND CLEANING.
COM PRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets en floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. P. Com- '
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market at.; i
phones Main 152 and Bush 479. ■ i
WHEN you become disgusted with your work I
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat- ]
ing works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800
rison St.; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st.—Flrst-class
carpet cleaning, 8c yard. Tel. Mission 74. ,
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM _ CO., Props.
RUDOLPH A CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
CREDIT CLOTHIERS.
C. F. ADAMS CO., 318 Mason st.—Clothing
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
wl-at ;■■ >i want from us and have It charg'?^
CLOTISTNG BENOVATTNO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, Examiner bldg., r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collection's made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 416
Montgomery St., rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate—The Whalebone—Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns $3 50; fllllnge 50c:
plates. $5, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain; op. Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewitt, 101% Grant aye
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst,r.l4.lst
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental parlors, 235 Kearny, oor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up: fillings, 25e
DR. R. L. WAWH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking A Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
A—THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col
leges, is now ln its twelfth year; the work Is
better than ever before; departments ln Eng
lish literature, languages, mathematics, sci
ences, history, etc., are excellent; two of the
best teachers ln California are in charge of
English and of mathematics; come and we
will prepare you well; references President
Jordan or any Stanford professor; day and
evening sessions. Phelan building.
AT 2 p. m. Wednesdays and Thurs
days, classes ln short-story writing and
Journalism are taught at room 333. Phelan
bldg.; terms very moderate; Join these
classes; Instruction thorough; real and rapid
progress assured.
E. R. AYREB, founder of Ayres Business Col
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning ln America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post St., S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting postf
/ Hons. S. F. Business College, 738 Mission st.
ENGINEERING—CiviI, elec, mln., mech., sur
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
ncr Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
Established 1863; largest In the West; an
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
DESIGN machines and structures by strength
materials and graphic statics; evenings;
mall. 20 Hartford st.
ALL Eng. and com. branches, $5 mo.; 47 les
sons Benn Pitman shorthand hold any posi
tion; mdiv. instruct. West. 8u5.C01.,1281 Mkt.
IRVING Institute School for Girls, 2126 Cali
fornia st. !j Enster term begins Tuesday,
January 3, 1905.
BOOKKEEPING. Eng., Math., etc., day and
eve.; Individual Instr. 305 Larkln st. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. BUs. CoL
A—GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A—METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602~Van Ness
aye.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
MME. PRILL'S Piano School. London Con.
2106 Golden Gate aye.; resident puplla taken.
BOOK KEEPING—Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR, expert. 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. 828 Halght st.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by mall and per
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgomery.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.—Night class.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A—JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA, 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A—ORPHEUM Employment Office—Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st.; tel. Main 5752.
A—JAPANESE and Chinese help. Wit
YOSHY, 415 Stockton st.; tel. Bush 859.
CHINESE Employment Office—Best help at
j Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 428.
RB'LIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton); Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—FEMALE.
WOMAN with 2 children, one 3 and one 10.
wishes a poeltlon as general housekeeper or
cook on a ranch; wages no object. Box 3108,
Call office.
YOUNG German woman wanta housecleanlng
for this Friday and Saturday; $1 a day.
MRS. V., 9 Ritch St., off Folsom, bet. Third
and Fourth, ln rear.
RELIABLE Eastern girl desires general house
work and cooking: American family; Is kind
to children; Oakland preferred. Box 3118,
Call office.
TWO young ladles wish situations, one to do
general housework, other td-assist: 815 to $20
per month. Call at once 754 Folsom St., bet.
Third andJFourtb.
DRESSMAKER and talloress, good fitter, cut
ter and designer, would like a few more en
gagements by the day. 1422 Poet St., near
Octavla.
WOMAN with a child wants position house
keeping. Box\.Toos, Call office.
SEAMSTRESS wishes engagements; $1 60 a
day. Phone Capp 2556.
HOUSEKEEPER'S position ln apartment,
rooming or family. Box 3108, Call office.
A Y<5uNG German girl for general housework.
1714 Turk st.
EMPLOYMENT I
BOOKKEWPER, cachler. typist: young lady,
expert accountant: quick, accurate; all mod
ern method*; highest references; last posi
tion * years. Box Cell jofflee.
wants a place for general house
work and washing; wages $1 50. Apply 11
-' Tfhama St.. near Second. _
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wanta work by the
dVv 2 Juniper «t.. near Folsom, bet. Tenth
and Eleventh. _
RKLiABLK Swedish girl wishes f*>&Z**J*£
■Mood work; wages from $26 to $30. Please
call at 2775 Flllmore_ st.. cor. Vallejo.
RESPEI"TA ULE young woman as working
b.uikeeper. with little girl 4 years. Please
call ut 4( 8 j __
A COM PE^ENT~ woman desires cashing or
housework by the day; terms $1 and carfare.
Box 3130. Call.
\ COMPETENT woman desires to be em
ployed half days at washing or housework;
terms 75 certs. Box 3124. Call.
GOOD working woman wishes to go gut by
the day; washing or cleaning; $1 25 anu ;
car fare. Apply 31 Fulton at.
DRESSMAKER, ladles' tailor, on suits and ,
coats, evening gowni; cutting and fltting,
only flrst-claas work guaranteed; «°*»««
-ments per day or taken ln. MISS bak_s.
Sherman House. 23 Eighth at.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation to do
general housework; Is a good cook: city er
country; no postals. 267 Minna st.. near
Fourth.
ACCOUNTANT, young lady, expert book
keeper, cashier and typlat; all modern ays
terns; rapid; can take full charge as book
keeper or secretary. Box 3366. Call office.
WANTED—Position aa working housekeeper;
would prefer a family with children: no ob
jection to town across the bay. Box 3087.
Call office.
A YOUNG lady, reliable and very steady,
would like work; can do typewriting and
light bookkeeping; $36 per month. Box 3077. .
Call office.
YOUNG widow wanta position aa nurse to two
children or elderly lady, or light work. Apply
1759% Howard at., afternoon.
A SITUATION wanted by an elderly woman;
light housework, plain cooking; wages, $15.
Call 2911 Sixteenth st. '
CANADIAN lady wishes poeltlon as companion
or lady's maid; no objection to travel; Prot
estant; give particulars. Bex 3074, Call.
A COLORED lady would like position as Jan-
Itress or maid ln atore. Inquire 153 Seventh
st.. city.
MIDDLE-AGED lady desires position as
housekeeper; flrst-clasa cook. Box 3058,
Call office.'
A COMPETENT laundress and house cleaner
wants work at $1 per day; referencea. Box
3072, Call office.
A SWEDISH woman wishes washing or clean
ing Mondays and Wednesdays. Address by
letter C. S., 1169 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker would like more
engagements in families, $1 60 day and car
fare. Call or write MRS. DE BARR. 4.15 4th.
SPANISH lady cook; Bpanleh, French and
American cooking; wages $35 to $45. 603
Stockton st.
YOUNG Swedish girl. Just from old country,
wants general housework. 66 Rhine aye.,
near Alabama St.. off Folsom.
POSITION with a responsible house by a
capable business woman: Inside or outside
work. Box 3030. Call office.
AN American woman wlahes a position as
housekeeper, or pastry cook for small hotel;
city or country. Call or address 235 Duncan.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker from Chicago
wishes to go out by the day. 1962 McAllis
ter st.
LADY wishes to do chamberwork ln hotel.
Apply 207% Clara st.
A FINNISH girl wishes housework. Address
320% Third St., city.
NEAT German girl wishes situation at house
work ln German family. Apply 1421 Mission.
WANTED —By colored nurse. Infant child to
take care of. 416 Natoma at., near Fifth.
WOMAN wants work by day, washing, 1.-onlng
and cleaning. 1075 Folsom st.
A LADY takes washing home; open air dry.
Phone Page 7931.
EXPERIENCED lady wishes position in flrst
class hotel as chambermaid. Box 3216. Call.
A YOUNG Japanese woman, good plain cook,
wishes a position doing general housework.
Address 112 Golden Gate aye.; phone Fol
som 1585.
A JAPANESE girl wishes a position as cook
and light houseworker, near Alamo square,
for less than 4 persons ln family; wages $4 60.
S. SAKAKI. 1484 Fulton st.
JAPANESE woman wants to work in small
family; plain cook and housework. Address
1226 Fulton St., rear.
A JAPANESE girl wants position to do house
work. cooking. 539 Stevenson St., city.
A JAPANESE girl wants position as plain
cook. MATSUYO BAITO. 2503 Market st.
aHWOTM-HT w-jrrfEP— fULxa.
A—SITUATION wanted by a flrst-clasa gar
dener with California experience and refer
ences. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacra
mento at.
COMPETENT gardener and general man
around place wants position; can handle
horses and drive. GEORGE WALLOP. Do
minican Sisters, Twenty-rourth and Guerre
ro sts. ,
AA—A FIRST-CLASS painter, paperhar.ger,
tinter and grainer, desires work by the day
or Job; tools furnished: work guaranteed;
prices cheap. 1154 Devisadero st.
MAN and wife desire positions to care for
small private place; man. can do any kind
of ranch work; understands the care of
horses and can milk. Box 3131, Call office.
AS attendant to Invalid or mental patient by
competent, reliable man; responsible refer
ences; massage or any treatment prescribed;
terms moderate. Box 3117, Call office.
WANTED—Position as all around man, ln city
or country; have good set of tools and know
how to use them. J. W. R., 726 Washtng
tn St.. room 4.
AN all around machinist, just from the East,
desires position; 11 years' experience ln mod
ern shops. Box 3095, Call office.
FIRST - CLASS bartender wants position to
work in a flrst-class house in San Francisco
or Oakland. Box 3115, Call office.
BLACKSMITH wants work ln city; carriage
shop preferred. Address D. W. PEERY,
1130' i Howard at.
GOOD cook wanta work in city; total abstain
er; good references. Preferred address, A.
SAVAGE, Hotel Tremont, 1864 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants steady short-hour
job. Box 3119, Call office.
BARBER wants position; flrst-class, union
man. Box 3122, Call.
A BARBER. 2% years' experience, would like
to finish trade under competent man. Box
1647. 1008 Market st.
CARPENTER, experienced ln house repairs or
any other rough work, wants work at $2 60
a day. Box 3069, Call office.
WANTED —Position as coachman; first-class
references. Address Coachman, box 100, San
Mateo. Cal.
MAN and wife (colored) desire place In pri
vate family In city; good references. J. H.
TERRELL, room 12, 639 Pine at.
COOK, hotel, restaurant or boarding-house;
all-round man; bread and pastry; wages
moderate; city. Box 3386, Call.
BY implement and windmill salesman; can set
J up and demonstrate. Box 8081, Call.
BARBER—First-class union man wanta work.
E. A. 8., Call office.
A BARBER wanta steady Job; a good and sober
man. Address box 3091, Call office.
CARPENTJER (non-union), experience in store
fixtures, wants work. Box 3073. Call office.
MILKER for 20-25 cows wants situation. Box
3064. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS pastry cook and confectioner
desires position. Box 3067, Call.
POSITION as blacksmith's helper; 15 month*'
experience. D. W. PEERY. 1130% Howard.
WANTED—Position as elevator pilot by young
man; good references. Address 512 Jones st
YOUNG man wants position as collector or
checker: age 21. Box 3390. Call.
A CLERK ln grocery and barromm desires
position. Box 3388. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman wants position;
references given. Box 3048. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS painter, paperhanger. tinter and
polisher wants work. VEITH. 718% Grove st
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MaIe—Con.
I A YOUNG married man. experienced book
keeper and cashier, traveling salesman o."
ability, position e<f trust, where faithfulness
and trustworthiness count; first-class refer
ences; do not use tobacco or liquors. GEO.
E WEATHERBY JR.. 142 Woodland aye ;
phone Fell 8300.
YOUNQ Swedish man. aged !\. w;uld like a
steady position as janitor, or nev kind of
work: is sober and trustworthy: Atst-class
references. OSCAR SMARLING. 113 Leaven
worth st.
EMPLOYMENT of any kind wanted, city it
country, carpentering preferred. tco'a on
hand, by handy elderly German-American.
Address W.. 222 Montgomery aye.
YOUNG man. has had 5 years' experiene— as
a trained nurse, two years in naval hospital
would like situation in his profession; good
references. Box 308?. Call.
AS attendant to Invalid or mental patient by
competent, reliable man; responsible refer
ences; massage or any treatment prescribed;
terms moderate. Box 3070. Call office.
i YOUNG porter, houseman or handy man around
hotel, pnvate or any place seeks any em
ployment, city or country. Address box 3078,
Call office.
TYPIST (own machine) desires some home
work, terms reasonable: accuracy and delib
eration a specialty. Please address L. C.
L. box 3271. Call office.
BUTLER—First clasa. Japanese, arrived from
Eastern country, wishes position ln city,
country; haa good references. Box 3048. Call.
GERMAN. 30, speaks, writes English, Span
ish. German, some French, good business ex
perience, wants position. Box 3294, Call.
PLACE for yonng man to work for board and
room while attending bualneaa college. Box
3084. Call.
COMPETENT young grocery warehouse porter
and packer seeks employment, any kind or
» place. Address box 3092 Call office.
. —
A STEADY, reliable young man wishes posi
tion driving delivery wagon; experience and
city referencee. C. W.. 2 Hayward at.
i TRUSTWORTHY and competent young Jap
anese boy, speaks good English, would Ilk*
a place m small family to do light housework
and plain cooking; beat of refer-nces. Bex
3079. Call.
i JAPANESE, specially experienced ln cooking,
j all round servant and having references, de
sires a situation. HENRY TAKETA. 258 A
O'Farrell at.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants position as a
schoolboy or to do half-day work in a nice
family. Address 518 Jessie St.; phone South
99. t
BUTLER, flrst-class Japanese, wishes poeltlon:
has good references. GOTO, 407 Post St.;
phone Main 938.
JAPANESE, good boy. wants poeltlon: any
kind night work. S. MORI, 716 Leaven
worth at.
A JAPANESE wanta a poeltlon, cook and
housework or as porter. FUJIMOTO, 1 Ade
laide place.
FIRST- CLASS young Japanese cook want
steady work ln a flrst-class family ln city or
country. E. BASAKI, 640 Pine at.
JAPANESE wants a position as waiter, cook or
houseworker. HENRY ICHIKI, 931 Sacra
mento st.
JAPANESE, gentle and honest, wants posi
tion as cook: has experience. 8. ROY, 830
Sacramento St.; tel. Larkln 4031.
GOOD Japanese wants position to do cooking
or housework ln a nice family. J. NAKAI,
923% Washington st.
AN experienced Japanese wants position to do
housework. R. FURUMI, Japanese Gospel
Society, 725 Geary st.
GOOD Japanese boy wants situation as porter
ln store or saloon; speaks English. X
NAKA. 1110 Stelner at.
JAPANESE couple want situations ln small
family; man flrst-class cook, wife wait at
table. G. 8.. 41SA Post st., room 11.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese cook and dishwasher
wants position. 20 Derby place, off Taylor.
JAPANESE good cook and housework. Ad
dress sr MI. 313 Sutter st.; tel. Black 4241.
JAPANESE wants work as general helper,
especially for the cook. Box 3088. Call.
JAPANESE wants position In saloon as waiter
or cleaning Box 3089. Call.
CHINESE with experience as excellent family
cook; temperate; references; wagea $35 or
$40; city or country. Address 340% Third st.;
phone China 565, bet. 0 and 12 a. rrv.
AMERICANIZED Chinese wishes position in
store or wholesale house, or any kind of
work. ED.. 1011 Pacific st.
CHINESE flrst-class cook wants situation In
family. KWAN, 21 Brenham place.
A CHINESE flrst-clasa cook. Apply 818
Dupont at.
YOUNG Chinese cook wants position: flrst
class cook; wages $40 to $48. Box 35C9, Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
EC—EM ft uual l.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema aalt rheum
or barber ltcb that I can't cure; a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN. 64 Sixth at.
w i —a i
FINANCIAL.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid lrf. $4,600,000 00
Surplua 940,901 S«
Issues
' Six per cent
Investment Certificates
At par.
Office —No. 14 Sansome st-,
San Francisco. Cal.
FOR sale —Realty Syndicate certificates; any
amount, 80c on the dollar. 107 Crocker bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A—HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will aave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-59 Geary
at.. OS the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de
sirable vacant place In San Francisco oa
our lists; service absolutely free; let us find
you a place; come In and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "we
do the rest." Sterling Furniture company.
1039 Market St.. opp. McAllister. _
6ACRAMENTO, 2468-5-7, nr. Fillmore—Three
beautiful new flats, 6. 7 and 8 rooms; sun In
every room; marble steps; electric lights; re
ception hall; rent $35 to $45. >
THREE new, elegant, sunny 6 and 6-room
park flats at 223, 225 and 227 Parnassus ave-.
near Stnnyan St.; on car line; rents $—.
$27 50, $27 50.
$12—THREE rooms and cellar: small f «mlly.
69 Woodward aye., near Fourteenth and MlB
-elon. .
SANCHE_7I—. near Du-boce Park—New sunny
flats of 6 and 7 rooms; rent reasonable; open
afternoons. ,
NEW, elegant flats: latest
finished; park panhandk. STRALB. WO
Market st.
FILLMORE. 2208 A—Flat of 5 rooms and bath;
yard; modern: rent reasonable■
AVERY, 6, off Geary, near Fillmore —Flat of
3 rooma; afternoon sun: gas; yard; $11.
TURK 624% —3 rooms, unfurnished, sunny
front flat; $14. Inquire 524 A Turk st.
NF.W modern sunny flat. 0 rooms, bath; rent
$27 50. 165 Alpine St.. bet. 13th and 14th.
PAGE. 1272 —A desirable, sunny upper flat In
house of two flats.
POST 2607%—F1at of 5 rooma: all modern Im
provements; no children; $16.
FOR rent— Newly decorated flat: 715 Taylor
st.; rent low Address box 3568. Call office.
LARGEST list of houaea and flats to let. Call
en „YT^N^'fc^H n AO. 110 Montgomery st.
FLATS FOB SALE —FURNISHED.
ELEGANT, well furnished, upper, sunny flat. 9
rooms; must -sacrifice; going away; $500
down. 923 Jones st.. near Bush; call be
tween 11 a. m. and 4 p. m.
$50 DOWN— Sunny C-room flat. Golden Gat.*
! aye.: will furnished; swell neighborhood
low rent; $175. 26 Montgomery tt., room N."
FURNISHED flat of 0 rooms for sale; reason -
able. Call bet. 9 and 3. 442 Fulton at,
PINE, 732—For sale, bargain, part furniture
flat 5 rooma and bath; rent $25; make ofTcr.
PINE, 732—For sale, bargain, part furniture
flat 5 roms and hath; rent $25; make ofTer.
FLATS TO LET—FURNIHir__r
eale reasonable; key 626 Cole st.BUTTER BRITTLE, TO OUR SHALL AD PATRONS—FREE
FURNITURE WANTED.
"VVET.I. GET VOI R BUSINESS"—We pay
the most money for furniture, carpets, office
lltttncs. merchandise and houses. MARK J
LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market St.. be
tween 9th and 10th. Phone South 179.
APE LEVY, ~
Salesroom. 1188 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur
niture, etc . until you get, his estimate.
V-"ILL pay 2o per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURD. snr . 1636 Market; phone Jessie 2330.
<■ ALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission St., be
. iling your furniture. Phone Red 4462.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 813.
GOUGH. I'!'.*- Furniture of 8-room flat for
"■■ -'i'-
HELP WAFTED—PEMALE.
cook 'or private boarding-house \..530
8 cooks, German families $30-$.",5 j
Infant's nurse $3 0
2 maids *nd seamstresses $.to I
.! rarlor maids.. . $;10
I i Stairs girl and seamstress. French or Ger
niln - $30
I waitresses for country hotels $25-$22 50 I
W oman with a child for country $25 i
Housekeeper, 2 men $25 !
Mother and daughter, sainr place 1 $50 '
Housework girl. San Anselmo $30 :
i nurse girls $15-$2O !
And :•. large number of housework girls for !
md country $20-$25-$3O >
v. j F. t-ROSETT & (X).. 334 Sutter.
A CHAMBERMAID for a private family, no
Ins, but must sew some. $30; a cham
bermaid for a prUate family, must be ca
pable of attending to the linen, $30; a strong
working housekeeper for a famllv of 6 $35
a month; a nurse for 2 children, wages $35;
. a nurse for an infant, $30: references are re
quired. MIBS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st.,
near Powell.
WOMAN wanted to take care of Infant. $30;
girl for chamber work, $25; girls wanted tot
all kinds work. Call at once on MRS.
LEWIS. 507 Powell st.. or phone Main 8*73,
lirtLS to learn hairdressing. manicuring, etc ;
trade taught from A to Z ln 2 wks.; tuition
$5 to those entering now; 3 positions to fill
.. immediately; positions guar, at $10 per week
up; only recognized college of its kind on
coast; day and eve. elaas. 233 Geary, r. 13.
WAJCTED—-Girls to learn millinery now for
spring season; bcth seasons taught from start
to finish ln one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed ;it
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled by
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A—PACIFIC College teaches hairdressing.
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognized college of Its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER
ALLS. JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX
PERIENCE NECE9FARY; STEADY WORK;
GOOD PAY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.. .'12%
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
IN OAKLAND. COR. 10TH AND CLAY STS..
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECES
SARY; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS A CO.
WANTED —A reliable girl for general house
work and cooking ln Llvermore; 4 in family;
wages $55. Call between 10 and 12 at 2604
Pacific aye.
WANTED —Good cook for general housework in
fla*; family of 5; references; wages $25 to
$30. Call forenoons at 320 Washington st.
IjADIES wanted to make sofa pillows at home;
experience unnecessary; steady work. Call
room 500, Adame building, 206 Kearny st.
YOUNG girl to assist, $10 to $12; good home
and place to learn: 3210 Twenty-fifth st.,
cor. Folsom.
SALESLADY wanted; experienced in under
wear, corsets, etc.; references. The Para
gon. 1306 Market st.
WANTED—For Berkeley, a good second girl;
wages $25. Box 3116. Call office.
YOUNG lady for dramatic company. Box 3090, .
Call office.
SMALL girl to care for baby; good home. Box
31C7. Call office.
GIRL for general housework; call forenoon, 9
to 11. 417 Capp st.. near Nineteenth.
YOUNG girl to mind two children. Apply 3112
Buchanan et.
"WANTED —German girl or woman for house
work and assist with child: wagea $25. 737
Ruena Vista aye.; take Halght st. car, get
off at Central aye.. walk up 2 blocks; call
after 4:80 p. m.
WANTED —Ladles to learn hairdressing. man.
! curing, facial massage and scalp treatments;
4 weeks completes; expert Instructors; call
or write. Moler System CO.. 649 Sacramento.
ALL hairdressing, manicuring, face massage
and scalp treatments are free at the Moler
System College. 649 Sacramento; hours 1-4.
EXPERIENCED girl aa extra; candy .store.
1685 Halght at.; apply 7 p. m,
YOUNG girl to assist with housework; no
washing: $15 month. 380 San Jose aye.
HELP WAFTED—MALE.
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU.
301-802 Starr King bldg.. 3d, floor, 121 Geary.
Conducted on Strictly Business Principles.
Positions secured for:
Office men. Assistant bookkeepers:
Bookkeeprs. Hotel clerks
Stenographers. Railroad clerks.
Office managers. Timekeepers.
Correspondent clerks. Collectors.
Accountants. Bill clerks.
Buyers. Shipping clerks.
Traveling; salesmen. Law office clerks.
Manager for dep.. stores. Entry clerks,
("ashlers. Cigar clerks.
Credit men. Dry goods clerks.
Secretaries. Receiving clerks.
Genera! offloe work ln all lines of business.
Offloee and representatives In other cities.
Apply American Commercial Bureau,
801-302 Starr King bldg., 3d floor, 121 Geary.
OUR BULLETIN REACHES THE EMPLOYER
WEEKLY.
We have daily calls for competent
Bookkeepers. Stenographers.
Furnishing goods salesmen. Shipping clerks.
Bank clerks. Clothing salesmen.
Railroad clerka. Dry goods salesmen.
Grocery salesmen. Hardware salesmen.
COMMERCIAL CLEARANCE COMPANY,
415-416 Starr King bldg.
AT C. R. HANSEN A CO.'S 429 Bush st.
Barkeeper, city $55 and board
Beer tapper $40 and board
All around cook, country hotel $00
Oyster cook, country $45
C. R. HANSEN A CO 429 Bush st.
TWO machine miners, $3 day; timber man
for mine. $3 day; cheesemaker, $40 and
found; 2 farmers Rnd wives, $50 and found:
stonemason; waiter, country hotel, $25 and
round; and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
YOUNG man or lady with little experience to
appoint agents and collect; salary' $15 week;
$5 to $10 deposit. Call Frl. and Sat., 9a. m.
to 6 p. m., 1255 California st., lower floor.
BARBER first-class, to take one-half interest
In good p»ying shop; $150 required. A. W.
SOPFR. Park st. and San Pablo aye.. Em
eryville.
MAN under 35 from San Francisco or vicinity '
to prepare for coming railway mall clerk |
examination; good appointments; exceptional |
opening w. L COFFEY. 466 Parrott bldg.
GOOD barber wanted for evenings, Saturdays .
and Sundays. 3095 Sixteenth St., near Va- 1
iencla.
——— : " 1 * •
WANTED—One or two men to learn a trade.
must have $10 security; no Sunday work.
Call 212 First St. ■, , . '
RESPONSIBLE barber to take furnished shop;
rent $lo per month. Apply early to-dsy at
500 Shot well st.: grocery store.
WANTED—A good coatmaker for country. Ap
ply REIBS hros. * CO., 24 Sutter st.
SOLICITORS for clothing renovatory; salary.
628 Post st.
BOY to l»e.m engraving trade; no wages at
start; good future. Box 3065. Call office.
ENERGETIC, reliable men as city and country
agents; te tealy positions. 247 Fifth at.
BOY wanted to learn jewelry trade. MILLER
& BCHAD. 3 Hardie place.
GOOD 2-chair barber shop for sale; good mar
ried or single; 3 living rooms. 1547 Mission.
BARBERS'—Two-chair shop for sale; cheap,
if sold by Monday. 1074«4 Howard St. 1
A—MURRAY * READY. 634-tKW Clsy st. i
Phone Main 58*8
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE: THE j
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
I.eacing Employment and Labor Agents. I
BaVfi ln ,nor! 1904 we hope to
(0.000 men work. Increase 00.000.
MEN AND WIVES,
farmer and wife. San Mateo Co., $45 found, i
farmer and wife, vineyard, Santa Cruz Co.. I
see boss here. $40 and found
MISCELLANEOUS.
Harnessmaker. camp, country $76.
Tile setter, city job, steady. $4 a day.
Cement finisher, long job, near city, $1 50
day.
2 placer miners. Humbo'dt Co. $45 found.
BOOKKEEPER.
;;."> years, must have experience
and references, general merchandise store In
California, 875.
Man run carding machine, city factory,
$2 25 day.
FARMS AND DAIRIES.
Teamsters, farm hands, choreboys and chore
men, milkers and butter makers.
HOTELS. ETC.
Pantryman, hotel, $25 and found; slaughter
butcher, country; oysterman. $45 and found;
janitor, city, apartment-house, $30 and room.
Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, kitchen hands.
Cook and wife, mine, $55 and found; cook
and wife, north, $80.
Bell and elevator boys.
MURRAY & READY, 1134-636 Clay st.
SPECIA L— m ) REMAN.
Steam shovel foreman, $100 and found, see
Foreman, rock and powder work, $75 and
found see boss here.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MAN to address envelopes for this office.
MURRAY * READY, 634-636 Clay at.
AT HORD A SMITH'S,
Contractors' Apents. 95 Third st.
Experienced scraper grade foreman, $3 50.
Plumber, contract, city.
Plasterer, . contract, city.
Teamsters, bay shore, $2.
Dye man. experienced. $20.
Solicitors, tea and coffee.
WANTED—Men to learn the barber trade at
the original .TNO. A. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE, 044 Clay st.; 8 weeks completes;
l>ositions guaranteed; expert Instruction;
wages while learning. Call or write (correct
number) 644 Clay st.
PLEASANT faced, fine appearing registered
physician and surgeon; must be quite gray,
but active; positively no ether; no traveling;
salary $3200 or more when well started. Call
at 23 Third st.
WANTED—Man to deliver and collect for bl-
Ographlcal books out of city; give experience
and reference: sulr.ry and expensea Address
l>ox "062. Call office.
WANTED—-Teacher to so to Nevada to fill
out an unexpired term; $80 per month and .
transp.rtatlon; refs. required. Box 3614,
Call office.
WANTED—Men to learn the barber trade; 8
weeks completes; positions guaranteed; ex
!. rt Instructions; wages while learning.
Call or write Moler Sys. Col., 649 Sacramento.
WANTED —Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973
-75 Ea«ton aye.,- St. Loui<=, Mo.
WANTED—Men to prepare for railway mall,
internal revenue and custom-house positions;
free catalogue. Pacific correspondence Insti
tute. Grant bldg., 1095 Market; open evngs.
WANTED—Laborers and inechani.es to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 60c per night.
A FIRST-CLASS traveling salesman; wholesale
notions, novelty and jewelry' line. Address,
with particulars, box 3066, Call.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 60
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 SO; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st..Exam, bid.; open till 9 p.m.
WANTED—Men to fill 350 rooma at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec
tric light in every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
GET your shoes half-eoled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 571 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third et.. Examiner building.
WANTED*- Y->ur.*r man with some cash for
good paying business. Box 1590, Call office.
BOY wanted. Baldwin Jewelry Co., 978
Market st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law A Adjustment Co., 49 Second St.. r 522.
WANTED—A man or strong boy to carry out
bread at IC9B Clay St.. corner Mason.
TWO men to learn the barber trade; abso
lutely free. 761 Mission st.
WANTED —Young man to work for his tuition
ln S. F. Barber School. 741 Howard at
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st.
MEN to learn the detective business; paid
while learning. 997 Market St., room 104.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St.. where shoes are re
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 m1n.,75c.
PENSION atty., B. A. Bui lis. r. 40, Phelan bid"
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. +4 Third St.. near Ma7
-ket—7oo rooms- 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 571 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
SALESMEN WANTED.
WANTED —Salesman for second-hand furni
ture store; one well poeted ln the business;
no other need apply. Cor. Eleventh and
Franklin sts.. Oakland.
SAXEBMEM AWD BOUOTTORS.
WANTED—Men to sell a patented article and
territory for same; this Is no fake proposi
tion; none but experienced men need apply.
Address KIEL A EVANS CO., 224 Ban Pablo
aye., Oakland.
MOSSES AND WAGOBB.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col
lege now ready; mailed free upon application
to DR. E. J. CREELY,Pres..SIO Golden Gate.
WILL exchange park property for driving
horses. Box 2935. Call office.
AUCTION sal» of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 827 Sixth st.
CARLOAD gentle business buggy and livery
horses. E. STEWART A CO.. 220 Valencia
B^USESjrOJLET.
A—PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery.
HOUSE 8 rooma and bath Inquire 126
Eddy' at.
6-ROOM flat, part furniture for sale; Market
and Van Ness. Box 3083, Call office.
HOUSES FURNISHED—FOR SALE.
14 ROOMS, furnished, for sale; good-paying
house; price to suit party. 491 Fourth st.
TURK, 124—Eight rooms, nicely furnished;
yard; will sell at a sacrifice.
COTTAGES TO MT.
$27 50—TO let, cottage of 7 rooma and bath;
all in good order. 2538 McAllister st.
HOTELS.
HOTEL BALTIMORE, 1015 Van Neaa aye —
This flrst-class hotel, now being conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
season or year. Location Is unsurpassed. The
equipments are all modern, with every con
venience. The rooms are large, sunny and
comfortable; superb view; furnishings are all
elegant. Cuialne higbeat order. H. C. SHAN
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langham,
New York, and Moaia Hotel. Honolulu.
INSTALLMENT 3UTXDZNO.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes. 612 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance due. making your In
stallments less than rent: send for circular.
IB TBBTMMMTS.
A FEW shares of the first sold stock ln the La.
Zacualpa Rubber Co. for aale at a bargain.
Room 6, Columbian bldg.
LOST AMD FOTJMD.
LOST—Sunday afternoon, Dec. 11. at beach,
south of Park*, black Scotch collie bitch.
Suitable reward If returned to 1326 Forty
ninth aye., Boulevard station, or for Inform
ation of whereabouts.
ADRIFT in Oakland Creek on Jan. 2—Scow,
12x20; owner can have same by paying ex
penses. L. KBSSEL, master bark Alden
Besse, Oakland Creek.
LOST—Gent's gold ring, with large setting,
vicinity 17th, 18th snd Diamond sts.; gift of
deceased brother. 4150 17th ,et.; reward.
LOST —A featner boa. in Hale's store or be
tween Hale's and Jones-st. car. Reward for
return to 2821 Laguna s* '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1905.
Small Ad Patrons FREE
A LARGE BOX OF
[BUTTER BRITTLE
CHOCOLATE NUTS BUTTER.
_CTBlW!___r-18>_
I S THEOPOLD. MORK!S f«KM
■ I_»Tir_f
a_ ___»if»MHt_pM__^
■ i =====i — ■ i i i i ■ n =—=—-— i i ,i i i ■
This delicious candy is manufactured from a high-grade chocolate, nuts and fresh butter.
This is a delightful candy relish, absolutely original, delicious and comprises a pure-food product
that is among the least harmful of confections. Butter Brittle contains less sugar than other
candies, therefore can be eaten freely without creating thirst. Sold by leading candy stores.
Watch for demonstrations of Butter Brittle. *
THEOPOLD MORRIS & CO., Mfrs., 313 Front Street, San Francisco.
Free to Any Person Presenting a Small Ad
... Thursday, Friday or Saturday ...
for the SUNDAY CALL
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE I OAKLAND OFFICE
Third and Market Streets 1016 Broadway
LOST AND FOUND—Continued.
FOUND—A sjnall rwrsa Call at 4405 Twen
ty-fourth st.. city.
LOST —Dog medal; liberal reward. Return to
Castro and Twenty-fourth sta; pharmacy.
FOUND—A Rambler bicycle. Apply $081
Mission at.
LAUNCHES TOM HIRE.
C A."' McNEIXL LAUNCH~CO., foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
MATTRESSES AMD PILLOWS
TO order—renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
grocees); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
IROS.. 1482-34 Howard st.; phone South 216.
MEDICAL.
LADIES who are in trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Francisco
wro has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience without a failure has
put him at the head. He guarantees relief
or no pay.
DR. WHITE, 702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
DR G. W. O'DONNELL—AII who are sick or
ln trouble consult thla specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu
nate helped; the most difficult oases treated;
every case taken; immediate relief; no poi
soning drugs: low tees; my methods will cure
all cases of Irregularity: by consulting ma
save time and money. Advice free. Office,
1018 Market at.
LADIES —Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor yet
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE
LIABLE graduate physician. When ln trou
ble confide In me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise beat atten
tion and no danger; I guarantee prompt re
sults or no charge. Room 1. Est. 14 years.
DR. E. Q. WEST, office 806 Kearny st.
VALPEAU*B female pills; pest regulating pills
sold; price $2 60 by express. Pasteur*a syr
inge and tablets; price $6. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market St., opp. 6th.
MRB. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 80 years' experience. 944 Post st.
ALL cases of female irregularities relieved at
once; guaranteed treatment, $10,' 30 years'
successful experience. DRS. GOODWIN, 860
Market at., opp. Fourth, room 37.
LADIES suffering from Irregularities, sick or
•ln trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 210 Kearny
at.; relief guaranteed; no drugs, no operations.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladles' specialist, removed
from 1118 Market st. to 838 Mission, near 4th.
DR. and MRS. DAVIEB and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1228 Market.
DR ROSEN, residence 2998 Folsom St., corner
26th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
—*—- " MSSS
MZMBS AMD MINING.
WILL purchase stock shares of The Big Trees
Mining Company at fair price; If you have
any, state Amount and what price asked for
It. Box 3086. Call.
WILL sell Big. Trees Mining Company shares
at 40 cents share for 15,000 shares. Box 3128,
Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS—FOR SALE.
2D-HAND machinery', engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 180-132 Beale at.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin. shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover it with Mastic Roofing. It Is best
for old and new roofs, and, for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastlo Roof Paint and
Roofina Cement will stop small leaks. Write
iua about It. Elaterite Roofing Co., 713 Market.
BOILERS, engines 2d-hand machinery. McESI
TOSH A WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry sold on
credit by paying one-fifth down, balance pay
able at your own conx'Snlence. Pacific Jew
elry Co., 21 Stockton St., second floor.
A—BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITE LAW, 388-266 Spear st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $11 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 Sd St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'B, 137 Mont
gomery st., room 12. upstairs.
SAFES and desks at nearly cost; must make
room. Richardson Bros., 123 New Montgmry.
FIVE restaurant tables, golden oak, for sale
cheap. 414 McAllister st.
TALKING machine records; second hand; good
condition. 807 Sansome st., room 8.
SAFES and cash registers; new and second
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1326 Market St.
A VERY fine sealskin coat for sale at a bar
gain at Portland Jewelry Co., 26 Stockton st.
ZD-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Market.
MOVING pictures, magic lantema, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES —New and second-hand. THE HER
MANN SAFE CO.. 807 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all slses. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
ROOMS papered, $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co., 310 Third: tel. Main 418.
——■ m I .. .. ■ —
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAAA-Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast
off clothing. Tel- Davis 82S. 680 Sacramento at.
PAYS apecial price cast-off fanoy ladles' dress
es, gents' clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Red 77.
Highest prices paid for ladles' and genu' cast
off clothing. Til ton. 164 9th; tel. Jessie 3916.
WATER spaniel or Chesapeake dog, puppy.
Box 3083, Call office.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER A CO., r. 406. Adams
bldg.. 208 Kearny st. - phone Black 8088.
MUBIOAL XMBTMTJMSMTB.
ATTENTION, piano buyers!—investigate our
secr.nd-hand pianos, taken ln exchange dur
ing holiday aale; prices away down; rents, $2
up, allowed if purchased: Installments, $4
up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St.;
Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
$80 UPRIGHT; one $30 upright; one good
square. $20. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister st.
A SMALL Stelnway upright; cost $3800; $186
takes it. 237 Geary at
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS—Continued.
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS.
1 French upright $55
1 Stoddard; mahogany $115
Also one Chickering. Weber. Vose, Sterling.
Stelnway. Curt ax, Rudolph, Fischer, Haines
and others. Easy payments. BENJ. CUR
TAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent, $8
per month; one year'a rental allowed if pur
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 660 Hayes st.
PARTY must sell large Stelnway upright; cost
$700; price $285; will accept payments; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
FISCHER upright; cost $360; will sell for $96.
237 Geary st.
ELEGANT uprights.new A 2d-hand.s4s to $60o!
Pierces Piano Factory. Market and 14th sts.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Oscelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-812 Post st.
NEW upright pianos aold on $6 monthly pay
ments. SCHMITZ A CO., 16 McAllister st.
8-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chickering baby grand;
Shonlnger, little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A AAA A—A CONFIDENTIAL and reputable
place to borrow money on the following:
Salaries.
Life Insurance policies.
Chattel mortgages.
Undivided Interests.
Goods ln bond.
Legacies.
Second and third mortgages.
Estates in probate.
Life estates.
Rents. _
Special department for loans to ladVas on
their notes.
Privates offices for ladies and gentlemen.
UNITED LOAN AND, TRUST CO.,
21 Stockton st., near Market.
2d floor. Phone Bush 484.
AAAA—THE Portland Jewelry Co. will make
you very liberal loans on your diamonds,
sealskin or any valuables at the low rate of
two (2) per cent per month; If you do not
wish to call, phone us (phoae Bush 484) and
the manager of our loan department will call
on you; all business strictly confidential.
25 STOCKTON ST.. NEAR MARKET
Private offices at 21 Stockton St., 2d floor.
N. B.—The only loan office west of New
York that has a Are and burglar proof vault
on ths premises; free use of same to all cus
tomers.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO fcOAN
....INTEREST 6% AND 6 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY ..1
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es
tates in probate, undivided Interests ln prop
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
lat. 2d or 3d
Mortgages, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223, Call office.
A —ON furniture or planoa at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity: also on real estate;
lat or 2d mortgagee or on any security; any
amount, O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
I MOTET TO LOAN—Continued.
I AAA—HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Bave expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages.' undivided Inter
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY. ag .
SALARY LOANS—
Money loe.ned salaried people without secur
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances im diamonds, Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
978 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market and 27 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business in 40
principal cities. TOLMAN, 553 Parrott bldg
ANY amount quickly en furniture or pis no
without removal; other security; fairest
rates; strictly confidential: no commls. Na
tional Credit Co . 506 Oonohoe bid.. 8 Taylor.
MONEY to loan at low Interest* go7d. silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
PRIVATE—Money loaned on* salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan C 0..523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up: quick.
»>rr»ate, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm, 21.
TO salaried peop'a without security. The White
Co., 420 California st., rooms 14 and 15.
SALARIED people on note~S. F. DISCOUNT
I AGENCY. 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
MONEY loaned on diamonda. watches. Jewelry:
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.. 722 Mkt.
DON'T borrow money on salary' until you see
ua. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bankbld.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to aalarled
employes. Room 311, Mutual Saw Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds A jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
8% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up: no .removal:
no com. V. TREMATN. room 81, 6 Eddy st.
I CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
■ 11 1 1 ■
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED —Loan of $1000 on Improved prop
erty; clear title; will give first mortgage at
7 per cent. Address box 3504, Call office.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
MARKET. 719—Front offices to rent.
TWO nice stores with basements. Corner
Front and Jackson sts.
PERSONALS.
SPECIAL BETWEEN SEASON LOW RATES
this week for facial beautifying; a face with
out a wrinkle with the contour and fresh
color of youth may be had through my scien
tific treatment; consultation and booklet free.
M. ELLA HARRIS, 12* Geary St.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im
proves Its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists',hairdressers';ac
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres, dealer in
carpet twine in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st.. Oakland.
RUGS made from old carpets; Ingrain, brus
aels, tapestry and moquette; chenille curtains
woven Into new rugs. Fluff Rug Factory,
862 Market St.. Oakland: take West Bth car.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. G. 8. MOORE, 332 O'Farrell st.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab
Utk 2122 Fillmore st.; phone Geary 2053.
AT less than cost;, uncalled for suits, over
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'.
London Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st., near Powell.
WRINKLES, freckles, moles, superfluous hair
removed; latest meth. Mme. Marie.lo42 Ellis.,
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; electric needle.
Mrs. Eaton. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MRS. DR. GWYER. SUA Leavenworth St.. be
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring. 117 Mkt.
$1 a week: suits to order $15 up. LEMOS, 1127
Market St., between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you ln fine clothing.
Art Tailoring, 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60: dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wbzs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1 at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market at, opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL—Office and residence,
1021% Market st., bet. 6th and 7th; particu
lar atentlon paid to diseases of women.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES ln EARS
positively cured; new methods; one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cott Ingham, 9 Powell at.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073H Market st.
REMOVED—DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-U7 Mason St.. now lo
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor—All dis
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
A WEEK'S newa for 5 cents—The Weekly Call,
16 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
~ FATE NTS..
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PROPOSALS.
NOTICE Is hereby given that sealed bids will
be received at 16 South Hall, Berkeley, on
or before 12 noon, January 14, for the plumb
ing for California Hall, as per plans and
tpeclflcattons on file at said office. No bids
will be considered unless accompanied by a
certified check or bond ln favor of the un
dersigned, equal to 10 per cent of the bid,
with sufficient sureties, conditioned that. If
the bid be accepted, the bidder will enter
Into a contract faithfully to perform the ob
ligations In accordance with said bid and
with said plans and specifications. The right
to reject any or all bids Is hereby reserved.
The Regents of the University of California.
TREASURY Department, office of the Public
Health and Marine-Hospital Service, San
Francisco Quarantine Station, Angel Island,
California, January 9, 1906.—Sealed pro
posals will be received at this office until
noon of Wednesday. January 25. 1906, to
build a disinfecting barge for use of the Pub
lic Health and Marine-Hospital Service at
San Francisco Quarantine Station, Cal. Sche
dules and further Information may be ob
tained upon, application to the undersigned.
HUGH S. CUMMING. Passed Assistant Sur
geon, P. H. and M. H. S.. In command of
San Francisco Quarantine Station.
SEALED proposals will be received at the of
fice of the Lighthouse Engineer, San Fran
ctaco. Cel.. until 12 o'clock m.. February 3,
1905, and then opened, for the construction
of a frame lighthouse structure at the south
erly end of Southampton Shoals. San Fran
cisco Bay. Cal., In accordance with specifi
cations, copies of which, with blank pro
posals and other Information, may be had
' upon application to Lieut. Col. THOS. H.
HANDBURY. Corpa of Englneera U. S. A.,
Engineer.
STORAGE AHD WAREHOUSES.
A—EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725
-731. Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Btorage Co.. 10 Drumm st.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co.. of
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com
pany, 2320 Fillmore «L: phone Jackson 281.
BEKINB Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
LBOAZ. MOTXOTS.^^
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Dec. 15, 1904.— To
whom it may concern; Be It hereby known
that the co-partnership heretofore existing
between D. J. O'HARA and F. J. MONA
HAN, under the firm name of MONAHAN,
O'HARA A CO., is hereby dissolved. The
said D. J. O'HARA withdrawing from trie
said concern and his name discontinued.
DANIEL J. O'HARA. F. J. MONAHAN.
REAL ESTATE—CITY—FOR SAXB.
$6300—SACRAMENTO, near East; equity la
good piece of business property close to wa
ter front; 30-feet front; leaxes will expire In
about one year; needs new building, which
will pay good Interest: bank mortgage $72u0
can remain; make offer.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
25 Poat st.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
. $1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a billiard table: on grade:
close to fine school and Misston-st. electric
cars: bound to double In value.
$400 each en installments of $10 per month;
no taxes; fine lots, near Ocean boulevard;
best residence location south of Golden Gate
Park; these are the cheapest lots In thla dis
trict. advancing In price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montcorr.ery ft., r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
RESIDENCE.
$18,006.
NEAR VAN NESS AND CLAJ.
Two stories and basement; 12 rooms and
bath: wine room: store room; trunk room,
furnace, etc.
One of the best residence sections In the
city.
THOMAS MA GEE A SONS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
$10.500—INCLUDING bltumlnizlng of street:
terms to suit; 3 swell sunny flats not yet
completed; rents $1080 per annum; every
krewn possible latest Improvement; 16 min
utes from City Hall; 7th-ave. boulevard, near
Fulton st.: close to the Park; 5 car Unea, one
runs all night. Apply from 11 to 4. Sev
enth aye., near Fulton st.
GOOD work our motto; prices moderate. AHI~
BACH A MAYER, plumbers. 886 Howard 1
ELMHURST REAL ESTATE.
$600—ACREAGE: 5 to 10 acre tracts, $800
per acre; on S. P. R. R. track.
$1000- 4-room house and lot; bath, pantry and
toilet;* half block from electric cars.
If you want suburban property see JAMES
J. O'TOOLF. ElmhUrst.
ALAMEDA ADVERT'S'MTa
' ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. »
CHOICE lots; $15 per front foot; Grand st. and
Ruena Vista aye.; all street work done: or
will build to suit. J. H. YOUNG. 1248 Park
St., Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTa
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
6 ROOMS modwn; lot 40x76; fine location ln
South Berkeley, 4 blocks from Key Route;
$2600: $200 cash, balance like rent.
W. N. RUSSELL,
301 California St., San Francisco. Cal.
FOR sale at great sacrifice—Two-story house.
8 rooms; lot 155x207; must be sold by 20th;
owner going East; no reasonable offer refused;
is situated 1 block north of Corbin station.
West Berkeley. T. J. BEVIS. on premises.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'MTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATB.
TIMS IS A BARGAIN!
THIS IS A BARGAIN!
$6000— Worth $7600. $6000—Worth 87500.
$6000—Worth $7500. $6000—Worth $7600.
MUST BE SOLD.
MUST BE SOLD.
The choicest and most sightly lot ln Pied
mont- 100 feet frontage on two streets by a
depth of over 300 feet; all street work com
plete- eurrounded by elegant residences; con
venient to cars; grand view of Golden Gate.
San Francisco, Marin hills, the bay of Oak
land- easy terms; must be sold.
J. H. MACDONALD A CO..
1062 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
ELEGANT residence lots. 40x120 and 40x200
each. In Piedmont district; 3 short blocks to
"Key Route" depot; one block from Broad
way; elevated ground; fine view- street
work complete; entirely new neighborhood;
30 minutes to *San Francisco; convenient to
Country Club.
FOR PRICES AND TERMS SEE
J H. MACDONALD A CO..
1062 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
BARGAIN!
$6000 will buy a fine $8000 heme.
MUST BE SOLD.
MUST BE SOLD.
Fine home of 9 rooms and all conveniences,
surrounded by palms; lot 160 feet front; lot
surrounded by three streets; on electric line;
almost entirely free from fogs; climatic con
ditions unexeclled.
If you wish a fine sheltered home see thla
property. It is ln the Piedmont district.
For particulars see
J H MACDONALD A CO..
1062 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
" THFTIaERRITT-WOLCOTT CO..
952 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
A FEW BARGAINS IN LOTS.
$2000—Lot 50x100; on sunny side of street,
close to business center of city, with cottage)
renting for $10 per month.
$460—Lot on sunny side of street, near Tel
egraph aye., North Oakland; size 37:6x110.
$670--Lot 40x120, close to Telegraph aye., oat
fine street and in a desirable location.
SNAPS IN HOUSES AND COTTAGES.
$3200 —New houae, 7 rooms and bath; mod',
crn in every way; lot 40x126; easy terms; la
South Berkeley, rear Telegraph aye.
$1600—Bran new cottage, 4 nice rooms and
bath; close t* cars and Key route station; lot
40x100; in Oakland.
GOOD BUYS IN FRUITVALE PROPERTY.
$2200— Bran new cottage, 6 rooms and bath;
modern: nice and sunny; lot 30x100; near
street cars and local; $500 cash, balance $25
per month.
$2150— 3hlngled cottage: never occupied:
modern in every respect; near 8. F. local ana
car line; lot 37:6x100; built by owner, who
must sell; $800 cash, balance easy terms.
$1750— Cottage on corner lot. nearly new; •
lotn all fenced; good location.
$1100— New houae. high basement and attieg
lot 100x100; good location; fine view; high,
level ground; $400 cash, balance $10 per month.
THE MERRITT-WOLCOTT CO.
ONLY $2750 —Don't miss tnis; must be sold at
unce: 7-room colonial house, modern ln every
particular: open plumbing; porcelain bath;
-gaa and electricity; all large rooms; 4 bed
rooma upstairs; good slse lot; fine neigh
borhood and must be sold at once; price onig
$2750; very easy terms; owner must sell oa
account of change in business location.
$4100— Elegant dwelling, located in one of
Oakland's choicest residence districts; house
contains 7 large, sunny rooms; pretty re
ception hall, pillared arch to parlor, elegant
paneled dining-room, fine china closet and
bookcase built ln; large lot, 35x140 feet; note
the depth.
KREISS A HORSWILL.
1070 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
"" CHEAP^LOTS—CHEAP LOTS,
What Next?
Closing Out What's Left.
$50 a Lot. Jessie Jones Tract.
$75 a Lot. Westell Tract.
$75 Laurel Grove Park.
$125 Florence Jones Tract.
$100 Gallndo Tract.
Any one of these lots may be a fortuns foe
your little one; $6 cash, $1 60 monthly; ad
joining East Oakland; no fogs nor rsw winda
here; all'Al lots; call or send for circular.
456 Seventh at., opposite Broadway station,
Oakland. Carriage free.
H. Z. JONES. Owner.
NICE, modern house, nearly sew; near Lake
Merrltt; close to new street car extension,
just In operation, greatly Increasing value;
7 rooms: lot 55x232: price reduced to $3000;
$200 cash, balance like rent.
9 rooms; modern; lot 50x100, lying high,
with cement retaining wall: In East Oak
land, near new Key Route service; $3500; $300
cash, balance like rent.
Mansion lr. East Oakland; 14 rooma; 8 lots;
suitable for sanitarium or private hospital;
$6500; easy terms.
W. N. RUSSELL,
301 California St., San Francisco, Cal.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET,
3 OR 4 clean sunny rooms; central; separate
entrance 615 Fifteenth st., Oakland-
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOB SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni
ture. H. Schelhaas.tlth St.. ror.store,Oakland.
For Additional Classified Advertise,
merits See Page 14.
1314
BEAL ESTATE—COUNTRY—Tor gala, j
INVEST~YOUR MONEY IN LAND IN BUT- j
TER COUNTY. I
565 an sere bu>s choice orchard land within
"*> three miles of three large fruit canneries,
two dried fruit packing establishments and a
large winery; btst market center for all kfids
i t fruit: the Butte County irrigation ditch
coming this way; surveys under way for
two electric lines to traverse this section
and an overland read (the Western Pacific;
passing through here all point to a large ln
, irate In land values; four daily passenger
trains to San Francisco each day now: no
other faction offers a better opportunity for
profitable Investment: also have some good
dredge mining propositions ■.
Address M. J. NEWKOM. Real Estate
Dealer, 406 Second St.. MarysviUe, Cal.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS'.
Send postal for catalogue of the best land
bargains In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
648 Market St.
BAIT MATEO REAL ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK. LOMITA PARK.
LOMITA PARK.
On the line of San Mateo electric cars; 45
minut'S from Fifth and Market sta
Sewer and water pipes laid.
r
Pure artesian water.
Lota $400 and up.
Outside the fog belt.
$10 to $50 down and $10 per month.
Go down and Investigate.
Maps sent on application.
1 ——
SELBY, RODGERS A CO.,
Main 673. 116 California st.
Also at Tyimlta Park.
. PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED—PIace suitable for raising chlek
ens. Particulars box 3085, Call.
BOOMS FOB HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT. 421—One or two sunny rooms, nicely
furnished for housekeeping; gas.
CENTRAL aye.. 68 (apt. 2)—2 or 3 furn. front
rms; bath; regular kitchen; grand view; reas.
ELEVENTH. 106— Elegant front suite, com
plete for housekeeping; gas ranges and bath;
single rooms. $1 50. ,
FOURTH. 491—Two rooms furnished com
plete for housekeeping.
GEARY, 610--Housekeeping or single rooms;
by the day. week or month.
GEARY. 1225 -Fine, sunny, bay-wjndow suite;
sll conveniences; nice marine view; also
other choice rooms; reasonable.
OOUOH, 210—Five sunny rooms, completely
furnished for housekeeping; open Saturday,
Sunday or evenings for inspection; reas.
GROVE. 32— Three unfurnished rooms aouse
iteeping; moderate rent; $12.
HAMPTON place. 7. off Folsom. near Third—
3 sunny bay-window housekeeping rooms;
nicely furnished; connecting.
HARRISON. 406—Housekeeping rooms; single
and en suite; furnished rooms; sunny rooms;
electric light: bath.
HARRISON, 897—Housekeeping rooms to let.
HOWARD, 7018 —2 housekeeping rooms, on»
front: gas. bath; $11; call after-4.
HYDE and Washington: apply 1509 Wash-
Suites 2 or 3 rooms for hkpg.; newly fur.
JESSIF. 323 -Sunny front parlcr: gas rangs,
sink; 53 75 week: cheaper rooms.
KEARNY, lot — Three sunny unfurnished
rooms; bath: $20: bay window; front.
LEAVENWORTH. 606, rear Geary—2 fur
nished housekeeping rooms.
LIBERTY. BOS—S unfurnished sunny rooma for
light housekeeping: use of bath.
MAYBELLE, 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness—Sun
ny furn. 3-rm. Van Ness suites: $2S and $26.
OAK, 117—Rooms, complete, housekeeping; $5
to $12; gas range; hot bath: adults.
OCTAVIA. 140:;. corner Geary—l, 2 or 3 very
sunny furnished rooms; cheap.
O'FARRELL. 20*—Three nicely furnished, sun
ny roc ins. 3 beds; gas range; yard.
SECOND 212 —Furnished rooms for house
keeping; central; dean; quiet; no children.
SIXTEENTH. :;077. near Valencia—2 neatly
furn. rooms for housekpg.; complete; reas.
TEHAMA, 217. nr. 3rd—Sunny bedroom: reg.
kitchen; yard; separate entrance; $12 month.
TENTH. 140—One furnished complete house
keeping room; private family.
TURK. 1159—Nice housekeeping rooms, newly
furnished; flat or unfurnished rooms; reas.
WEBSTER. 1229—3 or 4 rooms, complete for
housekeeping, bath. Phone Pine 56.
WEBSTER, URI, near O'Farrell—Unfurnished
sunny housekeeping rooms: newly finished.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor Duncan A Church sts.
:
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
BOOMS TO LET—Furn. and Unfurn.
ATKINS, comer Third st. ana Park lane—New
brick building: all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water: electric lights; only flrst-class house
In locality; rooms $1 50 week and up. -
A—BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth St.—Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)-Rooms. 25c to 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 si» to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House; over Owl drug ..tore; 2 en
trance. 1120 Market and 2' Turk—Electric
lights, running water in every room; 200
rooms. 26c to r>o< per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BUSH, 1710. near Gough—Fine, newly fur
nished sunny rooms, front and side: run
ning hot, cold water; bath; phone; use par
lor; reasonable; 15 minutes walk downtown.
EDDY. 110—The Launston, opp Tivoll: finest
of rooms for transients; terms reasonable.
ELLIS, 8- Newly furnished rooms; reasonable.
FOURTH. 491—Nice front room, suitable for
two; 2 beds; rent $10.
GEARY, 1707—Sunny furnished room In pri
vate family.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission—Rooms Ssc
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HARRISON 7MU, near Fourth—Finely fur
nlshed rooms; homelike; $1 week up.
HOWARD, 715—Furnished rooms, single or
double; central location.
JONES. 434, flat B—Rooms, with or without
board: suite and single, with private bath;
elegant new house; all modern conveniences;
no siens.
LEXINGTON aye., 122. near 18th—1 furnished
sunny front room, closet and gas. $5 month:
private family; near Valencia and Mis. ears.
MARKET. 719—Furnished rooma; newly reno
vated; double or single; by the day. week
or month.
MARKET, 1049 (The-Falmouth)—Sunny rooms;
$2 50 to $7 week; baths; elevator: also hskpg.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third st—4oo
single and family rooms 35c to $1 60 per day.
$2 to $8 week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free baths and ele
vator day and night to Its guests. •
OAK GROVE aye.. 19. bet. sth and 6th, off
Harrison—Two connecting rooms, gss, bath,
laundry, yard; also furn. room for 2 gents.
1 r ■—
O FARRELL, 230—Beautiful large front room,
first floor, for 2 gentlemen or man and wife;
reasonable.
POWELL, 210--Suite sunny front rooma suit
able for manicure or massage parlors.
RICHLAND aye., 67, near Mission. Rooms to
let.
ROYAL HOUSE, 120 Ellis—lncandescent llghtT;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par
lor; rooms per night,.3sc to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; looms with hot and cold water; baths.
SIXTH 143--Furnished room with housekeep
ing- privilege.
TEHAMA. 217, near Third—Sunny rooms," reg
ulai* kitchen; yard; separate entrance; $12
month.
TEHAMA, 481. corner Sixth—Nicely furnished
front room, suitable for two.
'iURK, 123—Clean, sunny furn. rooms, with
board; suite or single; housekeeping; $5 up.
VAN NESS. 7, nesr Market—l>arge bay-win
dow alcove; furnished cr unfurnished.
VAN NESS aye., 37. near Market—Large front
room to let. $3 i>er week; with or without
board: private house.,
AAN NESS aye., 314—Sunny front room,
large. $">; small room $8.
VAN NESS aye., 1006—Large and small rooms
to let.
BOOMS TO LET—Fum. and Unfurn.
VENDOME. 1104 Market—Furn. rooms, suite
or single; suite $5 week up. 15 Turk.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, nr. Market—4oo
rcoms 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus, baggage.
WINCHESTER -Hotel. 44 Bd~st.. nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
dec. lights; reading-room; free bus, baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received .at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts
MOOMS AMD BOABS.
HOTEL L'AIGLON, 601 Geary St.—Large,
sunny rooms, board; suites, with board for 2,
$60 mo.; single, with board. $25 up; special
family 'rates; Just renovated.
JONES, 434, Flat B—Suite and single rooms,
with or without private bath; board op
tional; elegant new house; all modern con
veniences; no signs.
RETIRED teacher will board one or two
small boys. Address box 8034. Call office.
COMORA (The), 621 O'Farrell—Homelike;
quiet: best beds; table and eervlce.
LARGE sunny rooms; phone; bath; good board;
warm belt. 936 Valencia st.
CALIFORNIA. 807—Best rooms, table and ser
vice ln the city for the least money.
BOOMS AMD BOABD WASTED.
YOUNG gentleman wishes room and board.
Box 3001. Call office.
SFBCIAT. MOTICBSL
ST. FRANCIS' - Girls' Directory Orphan Asy
lum hereby gives notice that the following
orphan, half-orphan and abandoned girls
and boys have been'admitted to the asylum
from July 1, 1904, to January 1. 1905: Mary
Ada Dolan, 11 years; Louisa Gugllerl, 7
years; Irene Gugllerl, 5 yeara; May Condon.
5 years, 6 months; Aloystus Condon, 4 years,
2 months; Angelina Antonla. 11 years; Refu
gio Antonla 4 years: Margarita Antonla. 2
years; Paul Martlrell. 6 years. 7 months;
Howard Lehev, 5 years. 6 months; Barbara
Whltelock, 7 years; Julia Whltelock, 5 years;
Emma Serventl. 4 years; Charles Serventl,
11 months: Frances J. Kenarick. 5 years. 4
months; Gladys Smith. 2 years, 6 months;
May Harrlgan, 9 years: Andrew Rios. 4
years. 2 months; Manuel Tlburtlus RJos, 2
years. 5 months; George Davis, 6 years. 10
months; Benjamin Davis, 5 years, 10 months:
Mabel Sherer. 7 years; Thomas Gorman, 6
years; Bessie 4 years; Willie Gor
man 2 years; Irene Wilson, 6 years: Made
line Wilson, 3 yeara; Harlca Forno, 7 years;
Jennie Gettenby, 6 years; John Porter. 7
years; Frank Porter, 6 years: Nicholas Por
ter, 3 years: Carrie Cano. 9 years; Nettle
Cano 7 years: Ralph Cano, 5 years; Cath
erine Emilia Wlseby, 9 years; Mary Cooney.
12 years; Theresa Mulvihill. 10 years; Fran
ces Mulvihill. 7 years: Emily Kane, 10 years;
Charlotte Kane, 6 years; Thomas Rodriguez.
4 years; Emilio Rodriguez, 11 months; An
nie Kohl. 7 years; Ada Terras, 9 years;
Joseph Castell. 2 yeara; Bertha Eichler. 8
years; Hazel Harrison, 11 years; Grace Har
rison, 7 years; Gertrude Harrison, 4 yeara;
Mary Quatararo, 7 years; Carlo Quatararo,
6 years; Thomasita Corvera 7 years; Ray
mond Corvera. 4 years; Estefana Ortega. 9
years; Albert Ortega, 7 years; Christina
Cano, 2 years.
I NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st. has received the
\ following half-crphm girl from October 1,
l 1904. to January L 1905: Margaret Miller,
aged 3 ytars 11 months.
! THE annual meeting of 'the San Francisco'
I Ladies' Protection and Relief Society will be
I held at the home. Franklin and Geary sts..
I THURSDAY. January 12. 1905. at 2 p. m.
i A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—The Weekly Call,
16 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
;. , .
: SEWING MACHINES AMD SUPPLIES.
WE have left about 90 shopworn Whites and
used sewing machines of other makes. We
i intend to close out the lot this week; clos
ing prices will be from $5 to $25. Many of
these machines are. practically new and all
in excellent condition. White Sewing Ma
chine Co., 915 Market st.
| ALL makes; 2d-hand. $2, $5. $7. $9; new. $4. $8;
drop heads, 5-drawer, golden oak, $15; rent
ed repaired: lowest fates. National Auto-
I matic S. M. Co., 145 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 3796.
! DOMESTIC —The machine for family use; best
| is cheapest: second-hand all makes at any
j price; all kinds rented lowest rates, Domes
tic office. 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand, $3, $5, $8; slightly
used. $10. $15. $20; you know where the dolls
swing ln the window. 1051 Market st.
I ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran
j teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission st.
TYPE WHITE BS AMD SUFFLXEB.
i AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
; Smith Premier, - $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 60. The
j Typewriter Exchange, 536 California st.
: 2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repslred.
A'ebster Typewriting Inspec. C 0.,508 Market.
j VTAVX.
j A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
| home treatment; booklet free; write for it.
YIAVI CO., Van Ness. Phone East 282.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
1 DIVIDEND NOTICE—The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco—At a regular meet
ing of the Board of Directors of this bank,
held January 3. 1905, a dividend for the
! quarter year ending December 81. 1904, was
declared, at the rate of seven (7) per cent
per annum, payable on and after the 16th
instant; transfer books will be cloaed from
the 10th to the 16th Instant, both days In
clusive. ' GEO. GRANT, Secretary. Saw
1 Francisco, Cel.. Jan. 5. 1905.
• tBSSBSSSt2£S%ffS££S3SB H —jgaj
STUTTERING AMD STAMMERING.
j MELBOURNE system; 2 schools; 810 Diamond.
| 521 Franklin. Inquire 521 Franklin. 8 to 12.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses wsre Issued
yesterday:
Clark Austin, 82. Oakland, and Lottie
Brown, SO. 1569 Sacramento street.
Louie F. Guedet, 32. 108 Austin avenue,
and May E. Cook, 24, 1115 Leavenworth st.
I Ludwlg Russ!. 27, 228 East street, and
i Mary Htschler, 25, 3925 Seventeenth street,
j William Wurzbach, 26, 899 Sutter street,
and Harriet M. Leeper, 19, 284 Lexington aye.
| Sigmund E. Kallscher, 21, 1724 Turk street,
and Flora Miller, 18. 1461 Stelner street.
Walter A. Christiansen, 21, Honolulu, and
j Mattle L. Leslie 18, 1580 Howard street.
Frederic C. Haun, 21, 313 Twenty-eighth
street, and Harriet E. Love. 20, 1 Henri
etta square.
Adrian H. Snider, 22. 117 Sixth street, and
Stella V. H. La Blsb. 18, 117 Sixth street.
Frank A. Ntfong. 27, 680 Ellis street, and
Eula T. BatchloT. 24, 810 Turk street.
Earl I. Holmes, 27. 711 Taylor street, and
Florence I. Allen, 25, 2111 Pine street.
Emanuel Joost. 31, 877 Fulton street, and
I Estl Freed, 20. 37 U, Moss street.
Stephen T. Hurley, 32. 437 Natoraa atreet.
and Estelle Frawley, 19, 1519 A Howard et.
George F. Bartlett, 27, Presidio, and Emma
Blelfus. 26, 174 San Carlos avenue.
John Rock, 36. 25 Birch avenue, and Marls
E. Cole, 31. Guernevtlle.
John A. Christensen. 21 834 Sixth street,
and Minnie Frenner. 19, 178 Oollingwood st.
Antonio Blanchlnt. 25, 124 Pacific street,
I and Ida Matteuccl. 22, 124 Pacific street.
| Patrick Lamb, 32. 1 Lena place, and Mary
I McCabe. 26, 1106 Tennessee street.
Arthur F. Tomklns. 28, 1632% Howard
street, and Agnes B. Cuello. 28, 271 o"Far
i rell street.
John Jacobson. 34. 852 Folsom street, and
: Ida Smith, 26. 800 Scott street.
August J. Aliamus, 24, 3597 Seventeenth
| street, and Lena Hasemaler. 24, 2701 Twen
tieth street.
BIRTHS—MARRIAGES—DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at cither of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of pea
eons authorized to have the same publishes
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once la this column
free of charge.
BORN.
| CARROLL—In this city. January 7, 1906. to
the wife of Dr. Jerome C. Carroll, a son.
i MCLAUGHLIN—In this city. January 6. 1906.
I to the wife of John Hunter McLaughlin, a
son.
MARRIED.
HILLERS—NORBIE—In this city. Jsnuary
8. 1905. by the Rev. F. W. Fischer, pastor
of Emanuel Evangelical Church. Charles C.
Ilillers and Celeste E. Norble, both of San
Francisco.
HOLLAND —GATELY —In this city. January
4. 1906, by the Rev. Father McGlnty, Charles
W. Holland and Lydia L. Gately, both of
San Francisco.
TERRILL—STANGENBERGER—January 11,
1905. by the Rev. Oscar H. Gruver, William
I A. Terril! and Emllle M. Stangenberger,
both of San Francisco.
I WIERDA —LAYTON —In this city, ln the First
lUnitedI United Presbyterian Church, January 6,
1905. by the Rev. H. H. Bell, Lambert
Wierda of this city and Maud Layton of
Uklah. Cal.
FHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1905.
DIED. •
Bourland. Lemuel —63. ]Koerner. John N. —75.
Cassidv. Margaret—lS. Lunardlni. Maria—42.
Ocuste'tte. Louis —48. i Mathiesen, Anna E. —76
Coyne, Bridget—33. IMcNarnara. Mra. Cath-
Cu'llen. Mac-"3. erlne—B7.
Edouart, Mary X.—4. Monaghan. Hugh—Bo.
Farien, Annie—3s. Murray, Catherine.
Felix Madeline—24. iQulnn. Edward.
Fouter, Elizabeth— 04. ! Rohde. Marie M.A.—46
Gleason,Patrick F.—6o Staud. Fred A.—26.
Holmes, Ohas. J.—o2. Steinbach. Anton —83.
Hyde Julia. Sullivan, Lizzie—2s.
Johnson, Mary C. Van Marie, H. J.J. —48
BOURLAND—In this city, January 9, 1905,
Lemuel, beloved father of W. A. and Blanche
Bourland, Mrs. H. V. Schlam and Mrs. L.
Newton, a native of Mississippi, aged 63
years.
IFFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
at 10 o'clock a. m., from the funeral parlors
of Porter A White, 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CASSIDY—In this city. January H.
Margaret Caasidy. dearly beloved wife of
Patrick Caasidy. and loving mother of Ed
ward Sarah, Annie and the late Jamas
Cassldy, a native of Ireland, aged 48 years.
COUSTETTE—In this city, January 9/ 1905.
Louis Coustette, beloved husband of Useal
Coustette, loving father of Eugenic and Fer
dinand Coustette. brother of Mrs. Bauchou
and Mrs. Berges, and brother-in-law of
Bernard Bauchou, P. B. Berges and Joseph
Saliou, a native of France, aged 48 years 1
month and 9 days.
[CFFriends and acquaintances are respect- j
fulyl Invited to attend the funeral Friday.
January 13, at 12:30 o'clock p. m.. from the t
parlors of Julius S. Godeau. 810 Van Ness
avenue, thence to the French Church of Notre j
Deme dcs Victoires, Bush street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by carrlags.
COYNE—In this city. January 11, 1905.
Bridget, beloved wife of Patrick Coyne, ;
and mother of Annie, Maggie and Patrick j
Coyne, a native of County Galway. Ire- ]
land, aged 33 years.
CULLEN—In this city. January 9. 1905, Mac.
beloved wife of Thomas M. Cullen, mother
of Thomas D Cullen, beloved daughter of !
Dennis and the late Bridget Loran. and sis- !
ter of John, Dennie Nellie. Charles, Frank. !
Grace, Roy and the late Florence Loran, a I
native of New York, aged 23 years 6 months
and 5 days. (New York papers please copy.) ;
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect- |
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Thursday), at 9 o'clock a m., from her late I
residence, 12 Academy street, between Mis
sion and Chenery, thence to St. Paul's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be.
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
EDOUART—In this city, January 10. 1905.
Mary R., wife of Perclval Bdouart. a na
tive of California, aged 4 years 5 months
and 2 days.
lEFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 2 p. m.. at the chapel
of Clark A Booth, 612-614 Van Ness avenue.
Interment private.
FARREN—In this city, January 11, 1905,
Annie, beloved wife of James Farren, and |
mother of Annie, Nellie, Willie and Agnes 1
Farren, a native of County Donegal, Ire
land, aged 35 years.
CF Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:30 a. fh., from the parlors
of McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green, 1171 Mis
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church fdr services at
11 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FELIX—In this city, January 11, 1905, Made
line, wife of Gustav Felix, and daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Soigne, a native of
Lamon, France, aged 24 years.
(CFRemains at the parlors of Clark A
Booth. 612-614 Van Ness avenue, between
Golden Gate avenue and Turk street.
FOT'TER—In this city. January 10, 1903. at
her residence. 3077 Sixteenth street, Eliza
beth, beloved mother of Lena S. and Martha
Fouter, a native of Germany, aged 64 years
and 3 months.
(CFFrlends and acquaintances are respect- |
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday.
January 13, at 1:30 p. m., from the chapel |
of Charles H. J. Truman A Co., 1907 Mission
street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth. In- ,
ferment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car
riage.
GLEASON—In this city. January 10. 1905,
Patrick F., beloved husband of the late Cath
erine Gleason. a native of Ireland, aged CO
years. A member of St. Patrick's Mutual
Alliance Association of California.
iLFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral ..to-day
-(Thursday), at 8:15 a. m., from the parlors
of McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green. 1171 Mis
sion street, thence to St. Peter's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, at 9 a. m. Inter
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Officers and members of St. Patrick's Mu
tual Alliance Association of California—You !
are hereby requested to attend the funeral I
of our late brother, P. F. Gleason, to be
held on Thursday, at 8 a. m., from the par
lors of McFadden, Mcßrearty Sc. Green, 1171 :
Mission st. P. H. FLYNN. President. 1
T. E. GIBBONS, Corresponding Secretary.
HOLMES—In this city, January 10, 1905, |
Charles J., beloved husband of Rosette
Holmes, a native ot Connecticut, aged 62
years, 1
CJFrlendsi and acqualntancea are respect
fully* Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
January' 12, at 11 a. m., from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty
first. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by
electric funeral car from corner Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets at 11:30 a m.
HYDE—In this city, January 9, 1906, Julia,
widow of the late John Hyde, and mother
of Mary. John, Joseph and George Hyde and '
Mrs. J. B. McCawley, a native/of County i
Cork, Ireland.
(CFThc funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late i
residence, 612 Powell street, thence to St. j
Mary's Paullst Church, where a requiem ;
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy j
Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
JOHNSON—In this city. January UL 1905,
Mary C, dearly beloved daughter of Ellen
M. and the late C. A. Johnson, and darling
sister of Mrs. W. H. Smith and Lola and
Abraham L. Johnson, a native of San
Diego. Cal.
("CFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
January 13, at 9 a. m., from her .ate resi
dence, 473 Fell street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, Fillmore and Fell streets,
where a requiem mass will he celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 9:30 a m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KOERNER—In Napa. Cel., January 10, 1905,
Jchn N. Koerner, husband of KathaMna R.
Koerner, and father of George H. Koerner,
a native of Btotel, Hanover. Germany, aged
75 years 1 month and 3 days.
EFFrlends and acqualntancea are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2:30 p. m., from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr A Co.. 1137 Mission street, be
tween Seventh and Eighth. Cremation Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
LI'NARDINI—In thla city. January 10, 1905.
Maria, dearly beloved wife of Enrico Lunar
dtnl. and mother of Antone. Henry and Vic
toria Lunardinl, a native of Tarsogna, Italy,
aged 42 years 2 months and 16 days.
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
January 14, at 1:15 p. m., fnam her late
residence, 1735 Stockton street. On same day
at Sts. Peter and Paul's Italian Church a re
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 10 a. m. Interment
Italian Cemetery.
MATHIESEN—In Alameda, January 10, 1906,
Anna Elizabeth Mathiesen, widow of the late
Christian Mathiesen and beloved mother of
William and Karlia Mathiesen and Mrs.
John F. Rasmussen, a native of Denmark,
aged 76 years and 6 days.
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fuly Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
January 12, at 2 p. m., from her lata resi
dence, 914 Central avenue, Alameda Inter
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
McNAMARA —In thla city, January 10, 1905.
Mrs. Catherine McNamara, a native of Ire
land, aged 87 years.
MONAGHAN—In this city, January •, 1903,
Hugh, beloved husband of the late Catherine
Monaghan, and father of Thomas and the
late John. Joseph and William Monaghan,
a native of Ireland, aged 80 years.
iriFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day |
(Thursday), at 9:15 o'clock a. m., from the '
parlors of Carew & English. 29 Van Ness ;
avenue, thence to St. Patrick's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MURRAY—In this city, January 10, 1906,
Catherine, beloved wife of David Murray,
and devoted atepmother of Mrs. William J.
Daley, a native of Kings County, Ireland.
(Canada, N. 8., papers please copy.)
ICTFriende and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at OfSO a. m., from the parlors of
McFadden. Mcßrearty & Green, 1171 Mission
street between Beventh and Eighth, thence
to Bt'. Joseph's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 10 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
QUINN —In this city, January 10. 1905, at his
residence. 424 Noe street. Edward, beloved
husband of Helena G. Qutnn. a native of
County Tyrone, Ireland.
E7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
ROHDE —In _ Frultvale, January 11, 1906.
Marie M. A. Rob.de, beloved wife of John
William Rohde. and mother of Monroe and
Arnold ROhde, and daughter of Mrs. The
resa Albersdorfer, and sister of Mrs. Al
brecht. a native of New York, aged 46 years
6 months and 27 days.
STAUD —In this city, January 10, 1906,
Fred A. Staud, beloved husband of Agnes
Staud and brother of Frank and J. N.
Staud. Mrs. G. P. Theller and Mrs. L.
Whiting, and nephew of Frederick Traut, a
native of California, aged 26 years 5 montha
and 5 days.
CFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
January 13. at 1 p. m.. from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com
F. J. Monahan, Manager. Tel. Mission 31
MONAHAN & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
2339-2341 Mission st., near Nineteenth,
San Francisco.
pany. 2175 Mission street, near Twenty-first. )
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec
tric funeral car from Eighteenth and Guer
rero streets at 1:30 p. m.
STEIN BACH—In this city, January 11, 1905.
Anton Steinbach, beloved husband of Mar
garet Steinbach. and beloved father of John
A. Steinbach. Mrs. Mary Kenyon and Mrs.
George Wilson, a native of Germany, aged
S3 years 8 months and 27 days.
EFFuneral private.
SULLIVAN—In this city, January 11, 1906,
the residence of her sister, Mrs. Richard
Aylward. 24 Woodward avenue. Lizzie Sul- |
livan, beloved sister of Mrs. Richard Ayl- j
ward, Mrs. T. Moran and P. T. Sullivan of
Chicago, a native of Westmeath, Ireland, |
aged-25 years.
VAN MARLE— In this city. January 10. 1905.
Henry John J. Van Marie, beloved husband
of Helen Van Marie, and father of Dorothy
Van Marie, \a native of Holland, aged 48 |
years 10 months and 6 days.
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect- :
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day j
(Thursday), at 1:30 p m., from the Masonic j
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Occidental
Lodge No. 22, F. and A. M. Interment Cy
press Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 11.
Thomas Tlerney to Lutgl Devincenzl. lot on
N line of St. Rose's street, 76 W of Ferrle. W
25 by N 100, block D. Junipero Homestead;
$10.
City and County of San Francisco to Angelo
Beretta, lot on S line of Clay street, 103:3*4
E of E 25, S 127:8V4. W 26:6, N 40:2»4.
E 0:5, N S7:«; $ -.
Mary Prior to Anne Riley (trustee Catherine
Riley), lot on N line of Oak street, 65 E of
Octavia. X 13:0 by N 120, trustee's deed; gift.
Orpheus and Irene C. Bull to Warren G.
Bailey, lot on N line of Clay street, 106:3 W of
Eaker, W 25 by N 127:8 Vi; $10-
George W. and Mary S. Halght to Catherine
White, lot on NW corner of Frederick street
and Buena Vista avenue. W 70, N 164:2. SE
133:6, SW 110, quitclaim deed; $5.
John jind Ella Greenless to C. A. Werle, lot
on S line of Frederick street, 67:6 8 of Stan
yan. W 25 by S 100; $10.
Catherine and Patrick Barman to Catherine
C. Barman. lot on SW corner of Twenty-first
street and Treat avenue, S 105, W 122:6, N 10,
E US, N 05, E 24:6; $5.
Theodore and Sophie Binner to Robert Jones,
lot on SE line of Market street, 166 NE of
Fourteenth, NE 50 by SE 100; $10.
Charles C. and Helen Mamon to Dudley
Cross lot on E line of Mission street, 78:8 S of
Twenty-sixth, S 25 by E 78; $10.
Andrew H. and Jennie O. Knox to Nathan
Brace, lot on E line of Guerrero street, B0 S of
Elizabeth, S 0:6 by E 71:0*4; $10.
George 1... Lottie L. and William A. Bender
to El Dorado Loan Association, lot on S line
of Twentieth street, 100 W of Eureka W 30 by
S 100; $10.
Daniel R. Tucker to Nathan A. Oosllner. lot
or. S line of Washington street, 110:2 E of
Stockton. E 20:4 by S 60:6; $12,500.
" Margaret Gould to Marcus W. Frederick, lot
on N line of Bush street, 165:6 W of Mason,
W 40:9 by N 137:6; $10.
Marcus W. and Pauline A. Frederick to
Daniel Wilson, same; $10.
Daniel and Annie M. Wilson to Marcus W.
Frederick, lot on N line of Washington street,
106 W of Leavenworth. W 32:6 by N 70: $10.
Dlna Klockonbaum to Enno Nesemann, lot
on SE corner of Mariposa and Texas streets,
X 25 by S 100; $10.
Josiah R. Howell to Baldwin A Howell, lot
on W line of Indiana street, 225 S of Twenty
third, S 60 by W 100; $10. , ,
Peter C. and Louise Jurs to John Faubel, lot
on N line of Clement street, 107:6 E of Third
avenue. E 25 by N 100; $10.
Lewis I. and Sarah R. Cowgill to J. W.
Wright & Sons Investment Company, lot on
W line of Thirty-seventh avenue, 294:3 N of
A street N 205:9. W 240. S 44:11. SE 285; $10.
Walter M. Cary Alpheuse or Alpheus and
Irene C. Bull to Anna V. Saul, lot on E line
of Eighth avenue 275 N of B street, N 25 by
B 120; $10.
G. B. and P. Carrie Gllman to Lena R.
Brown, lot on NE corner of Mission street and
Richland avenue. N 25 by E 100. lot 12, block
F. French & Oilman Tract; $10.
Julius C. Rels to. James and Mary Grady,
lots 8 to 11, block 43, Rels Tract; grant.
S. Ducas Company to Abe Rosenstine, lot
on W line of Fotrero avenue. 325 N of Thorn
ton street. N 60 by W 100. block P, Silver
Terrace; $10.
Same to same lot on W line of Potrero
avenue. 281 S of Silver Terrace, S 60, W 125,
N 50, E 137, block P. same; $10.
Lotta P. Farnsworth to Harry H. Unger,
lots 16 and 19. block G. Sunset Heights; $750.
Estate of Fannie P. Farnsworth (by Lotta
P. Farnsworth executrix) to same, same; $750.
Same to Marie Ash. lot 20. block H. Sunset
Heights; $400.
Ixitta P. Farnsworth to same, same; $400.
Lotta P. Farnsworth (executrix of the estate
of Fannie P. Farnsworth) to Margaret L.
Knobloch. lot 21, block G, Sunset Heights;
$350.
Lotta P. Farnsworth to same, same; $350.
Annie Kellner to Jacob Heyman Company,
lot on E corner of Wayland and Glrard streets.
SE 100 by NE 45 block «. University Mound;
also lot on SE line of Wayland street. 70 NE
of Gtrard NE 50 by 8E 100. block 6. same;
$10.
Julius C. Rels to John A. Whiteside, lot 29,
block 4. Rels Tract: grant.
Same to Herman Stlerle. lot BS, block 4.
Rels Tract; grant.
Caroline and Willis B. George to Fannie B.
Fine, lot on W line of View avenue, 63 NE?
Of Diamond alley, NE 40, NW 134:10, SW
95 SW 66. N 54. E 67. lots 12 and 13, block
22* Market Street Homestead; $10.
F. H. and H. M. Owens and Dominion In
vestment Company to S. Ducas Company, lot
on S comer of Sixteenth avenue and I street.
SW 100 by SE 75. lot 8. block 325, South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Associa
tion; $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to James
Rolph Jr.. lot commencing 100 SW of Eight
eenth street and 250 SE of N street, SE 100,
SW 80. W 110. NE 125, lots 28 to 31, block
36S Case Tract: $950.
Maria Boottcher to Casper Slmmen. lot on
S line of Brazil street, 75 E of Paris. E 25
by S 100, block 19. Excelsior Homestead; $1.
William C. and Sarah J. Hamerton to
Catherine A. McGrath, lot on W line of Tif
fany avenue, 173 N of Twenty-ninth street,
N 25 by W 60, Tiffany A Dean Tract; $10.
M. P. and Annie H. Sprueger to Anna D.
Joost, lots 1 and 9, block 19, Market Street
Homestead; $10.
Margaret Noon to Patrick Donohoe, lots
233 and 234, gift map 3; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cem rtery Association to Metha
C. Meyer. John D. G. Tletjen and Metha New
ken, lot in cemetery; $275.
Builders' Contracts.
Starr Estate Coirlpany (owners) with Fetter
son & Persson (contractors), architects Wil
liam Mooser and E. G. Belles—Carpenter, lum
ber, mill fittings, stairs, hardware, terra ootta,
chimney, glass, slate roof, galvanized iron,
tinning roofs for a seven-story brick building
on lot on E line of .Taylor street. 97:6jN of
Post N 85:10. E 91:8, 8 45:10. E 13:4, S
40, W 105: $55,120. . „
Same owners with H. H. Larsen ft. Bros,
(contractors), architects same—Brick work,
chimneys, flue linings, terra cotta, cast and
wrought Iron work, fire escapes. Iron stairs,
etc., for same on same; $41,700.
Same owners with J. R. Tobln (contractor),
architects same—Wood and metal plastering
for same on same; $7600.
Same owners with Ickelheimer Bros, (con
tractorsV architects sams—Sewering, plumb
ing and gasflttlng for same on same; $14,118.
Same owners with California Engineering
and Construction Company (contractors), arch
itects same— Heating plant for same on same;
83000. .
Same owners with Otis Elevator Company
(contractors), architects same—One passenger
elevator and dumbwaiters for earn* on same;
$ T ooo
Ida 8. Lewis (owner) with Walter Bras, Co
(contractors), architect Nathaniel Blalsdell—All
work excepting plumbing, gasflttlng, sewering,
electrlo work, trimming, hardware, elevator
work heating, shades and painting for three
atory" and basement brick building on S corner
of Bryant and Zo* streets. BW 125 by SE 105;
Company (owners) with J.
Looney (contractor), architects Sutton ft Weeks
—Plumbing, sewering, gasflttlng, gas and wa
ter service sewer connections for a three-story
and basement brick M™ l ?* o
King and Seventh streets. NW 264 by SW 2<5;
$7480
Julius Llllenthal (owner) with Henry Conrad
(contractor), architects John & Zimmerman-
All work except painting, gasflttlng and plumb
ing for a three-story frame i flati V„ on
S line of Fulton street. 82:6 W of Franklin,
W 27:8 by S 75; $6700. „_ _
Margaret H. Fuller (owner) with Pacific Con
struction Company (contractors) architect Al
bert Plssls—Grading, piling and pumping for
building to be erected on SE corner of Mission
and Belle streets, SW 68:9 by SE 137:6; $13.
-595.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
DOVER —Arrived Jan 11—Stmr Patricia,
from New York. _
NEW YORK —Arrived Jan 11—Stmr Georgi a
from Liverpool, Amsterdam and Rotterdam;
atmr Majestic, from Liverpool and Queenatown.
passed Nantucket lightship.
Sailed Jan 11—Stmr Teutonic, for Liverpool;
stmr Princess Victoria Louise, for St Thomas,
Ct GLASGOW —Arrived Jan 11—Stmr Ethiopia,
from New York.
YOKOHAMA —Arrived previously—Stmr Si
beria, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, via
Nagasaki, Shanghai and Hongkong; stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver and Victoria.
for Kobe. Shanghai and Hongkong; stmr Hy
ades. from Seattle and Tacoma etc, and Hong
kong; stmr Numantia. from Portland, Ore.,
for Hongkong, etc
HlOGO—Arrived previously—ritmr Soleus,
from Glasgow and Liverpool, via Colombo,
Singapore, etc., for Seattle.
ANTWERP—Arrived Jan 11—Stmr Rhine
land, from Philadelphia.
LIVBJRPOOL—SaiIed Jan 11—Stmr Arabic,
for New York via Queenstown; stmr Frie«
land, for Philadelphia, via Queenstown.
LONDON—Sailed Jan 11—Stmr Ramses,
from Hamburg, for San Francisco and Seattle.
Look upon Ignorance with pity and
not contempt.
FOR THE WIVES
Dauofitersand Sweethearts
"FASHION MODELS"
Of the swellest and most up-to-date gowns will be issued by
THE SUNDAY CALL
to all Its readers in the near future.
By special arrangement with The American Lithograph Com
pany THE CALL will place in the hands of every reader a beauti
ful form model (in colors), showing from week to week the very
latest patterns of gowns, garments, hats, etc., on the market. This
series, of Fashion Models will run for several weeks and will cer
tainly prove of great interest to all lovers of beautiful designs in
garments. In addition to the series of models there is a figure
printed (in colors) on heavy cardboard, which is given with the first
model issued by this paper. Being printed on heavy stock it is not
easily mutilated or destroyed—all gowns fit this figure, are strictly
up-to-date and designed under the supervision of one of the best
fashion experts in this country. Every little detail is attended to
with the greatest care.
In all cases where it is appropriate a hat appears with the model
of costume and is designed to harmonize with it. The series in
cludes patterns ranging from shirt waists to ball gowns. The quality
of the fashion plates is unsurpassed.
Patterns for the gowns, etc., shown in models are manufactured
by the May Manton Pattern Company and may be secured through
this paper. %
Aside from the value as a pattern series it has great value a*
a doll. The children will be delighted with such a creation, and each
Sunday they are supplied with a new gown, so that when the series
is complete they have a fine doll with an attractive wardrobe.
If you are not already a reader of THE CALL, be sure to sub
scribe soon and secure this series of FASHION MODELS.
FIRST "FASHION MODEL" WILL BE ISSUED WITH
THE NEXT SUNDAY CALL, JANUARY 15, 1905.
THE MODERN ORIGIN
OF VICTORIA SWINE
New Composite Breed Which Was
Produced in 1850 by Careful
Crossing.
The Victoria swine is a composite
breed of comparatively modern origin.
There are two distinct branches or
breeds that are called Victorias, and
have originated from two different in
dividuals, says the Detroit Live Stock
Journal. The older branch was orig
inated in Saratoga County, New York,
by Colonel Frank D. Curtis, and denom
inated a breed as early as 1850. It was
made up of a combination of the
blood of the Grazier, Byfleld, York
shire and Suffolk. These bear a close
resemblance to the Suffolk, except the
lack of the deep dlsh-in face.
The other was originated by George
Davis, Dyer, Lake County, Ind. They
are the outcome of the amalgamation
of the Poland China, Chester Whites,
Berkshires and Suffolks. They were
called a breed as early as 1870. They
appeared at the fairs ln Indiana and
Illinois and at the Fat Stock Show in
Chicago, in IS7B. They were acknowl
edged as a distinct breed by the Illi
nois State Board of Aflriculture in 1882.
Sim ~ that time they have been quite
successful winners at the " Fat Stock
Show, Chicago, and have received rec
ognition • from several other State or
ganizations.
The Victoria Swine Breeders' Asso
ciation was organized in 1886. In 1887
the first volume of the register was
published and two subsequent volumes
have followed. From the small begin
nings the number of animals recorded
has reached beyond 1600, which shows
that the breed is growing in populari
ty. When we consider that only stock
that is likely to be kept for breeders
will be placed on record it is a good
showing.
The Victorias seem to occupy a posi
tltjn distinctively their own and are not
close imitators of the other breeds. In
size they are not the equal to the Po
land China, but somewhat larger than
some of the so-called small breeds, de
pending greatly on the individual in
whose hands they are reared. It Is
claimed that they are easily adapted to
surrounding conditions, and thrive
either in field or pen. We conclude from
a close examination and study of them
that they can be fattened in any age.
The superior feeding qualities, as well
as the quality of the meat, has been
proven by their winnings, in both live
and dead classes, at the fat stock Bhows
at Chicago.
In general appearance the "Victorias
are strong and growthy, and in the
typical specimens are quite symmetri
cal in outline. They are not quite so
large as the Berkshlres, nor do they
seem to, as yet, equal them in uniform
ity. They are white, while the Berk
shire is black with white points. The
originator once declared that he had
"produced the model hog, guaranteed
to reproduce itself white."—Baltimore
American.
An Elusive Debtor.
Collecting money from Turkey Is a
heart-breaking enterprise. A distin
guished American once went there to
collect a debt of $500,000 owing to an
English syndicate, which included two
members of Parliament and a Cabinet
Minister. He expected to see the busi
ness through in two or three months.
But a foreign Embassador undeceived
him. "Say three or four months, and
then you will be as far off from ob
taining your money as you are to-day,"
he remarked. Men had gone out there
to prosecute claims, he added, whose
hair had turned gray with the strain
to which they were subjected, and who
had gone home thoroughly broken in
health, unable to obtain a Turkish lira
to show for years of fruitless labor.
One victim of Turkish duplicity and
procrastination died in a lunatic asy
lum. One of the embassies had been
twenty-five years prosecuting claims,
without realizing a cent.—Exchange.
Knee Breeches Coming Again.
As King Edward has cast his royal
eye with favor on the revival of knee
breeches, stockings and pumps for
men's evening wear, and as the latter
part of this month has been set for the
appearance of a party at a dinner in
the Carleton House, London, garbed
as in the days of the* Georges, the imi
tative set in New York is in a flutter.
Nothing will do but that this custom
shall be adtvted here immediately. The
women, without stopping to think how
unbecoming "short clothes" would be
to many pairs of metropolitan shanks,
are more clamorous for the innovation
than the men. It is not purposed to
appear in silken breeches and stock
inged legs on special occasions only,
but every evening after dinner, whether
in the home, at a theater, in the street
or at a late supper.—Chicago Chronicle.
LONDON CAB DRIVERS
FINDING POOR BUSINESS
Little Call for Them and Little
Money, Though Work
Is Hard.
There are in London 2711 cab pro
prietors and of these 2224 own fewer
than Aye vehicles. As you see, it is
a poor man's industry. There is only
one large company—the London Im
proved Cab Company, which owns 500
cabs; the Earl of Shrewsbury and Tal
bot, who was once a large owner, went
out of business. In the main, then,
the small proprietor—the "mush" —
who owns a few cabs and drives one
himself, controls the trade. The aver
age price for hiring a cab is 12s 3d a
day. In addition the cabman has to
pay the yard fees. He gets two horses
a day and is usually fourteen hours on
the box. His license costs him 5 shil
lings a year. The tax of £2 on the
cab and the 15 shillings wheel duty are
paid by the owner.
Taking it day in and day out the
cabby makes about 5 shillings a day.
In the season he may take ln more
money, but as the hire Is raised on
him it comes to the same thing. If he
is not content —and there is no reason
why he should be—he does not grumble
unduly. Every day In London 120,000
people ride in cabs. Of course there is
friction and there is a great deal of
noisy quarreling over fares, but, so
far as my experience goes, the cabby
is usually right in his estimate of the
distance he . has traveled and the
money that Is due him.
The cab horses are a good lot. They
are worked six hours a day on an
average. About three years in a han
som, however, will do up the best of
them. Then they drift down to the
four-wheelers. A melancholy vehicle,
that. You remember, do you not,
Gregers in Ibsen's "Wild Duck, whose
unhappy destiny It was to be, always
thirteenth at table? It Is the gloomy
function of the four-wheeler to "follow
with the luggage." At best it never
rises higher than the funotion of
freighting home roysterers and bad
husbands, night wasters and cordial.
Ignoble girls. A melancholy destiny.
The driver of a four-wheeler pays
less cab rent—6 or 7 shilling a day—but
his earning power, Is less than that of
the aristocratic of the craft; he is the
dickey. Usually he is a weedy old man
who has looked out on life through
red-lidded eyes so long and has come
to know it so well that the milk of
human kindness in him is mere curds
and whey. He Is essentially a crea
ture of the fog and night. Mankind,
as he knows it, is either coming away
from a railroad station with too much
luggage or going home sodden or riot
ous with too much drink. Why should
he have confidence in his fellew men?
He and not Edgar Saltus should have
written the "Philosophy of Disenchant
ment." His melancholy destiny is to
go through life trying to detect pewter
half-crowns. —November Outing.
Many events are blessings dressed up
like misfortunes.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
3 DAYS!
I LEAVES DAILY AT9:3OA M I
WITH OINCBftAMDaLeePCBSBf
Other Santa T» Trains t
7:30 a. m. "I •
9:30 a. m. fc For Stockton. Fresno Bskersfleld,
8:00 p. m.J Merced. Hanford and Viaalla.
4:00p, m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices—64l Market st. and Ferry Depot,
San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway Oak
land. Cal. : also 27 South Ist. San Jos*.
CAZADERO, E Etc.
WBStUlfcl | INHI Via Sauaalito Fsrry
I SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco daily at t7-05
7:43. 8:25. 9:10 9:50. 11:00 a. ni.; 12 20 1 : 45'
3:16. 4:36. 5:15. 5:50. 6:30. 7:15, 10:16 and
11:35 p. m.
Arrive at San Francisco, dally, at f6 - 40
7:35. 8:15. 8:50. 0:35 10:50 a. m. • 1210 l:S0
2:55. 4:25, 5:06. 5:42. 6.22. 6:57. 7:40 and 1125
pw m.
tDaily except Sunday.
( For Fairfax daily, at 7:45 a. m. ■ also Satur
days at 3:15 p. BS», and daily except Saturday
and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. daily—Cazadero and wav stations
3:15 p. m>. Saturdays only—For "Cazadcro!
etc. X
5:15 p. m. daily, except Saturday and Sun
day, for Tomales. et^.
TICKET OFFICE—6SO Market at
' FERRY—Union Depot, foot of Market aL
I RAILWAY TRAVEL.
I Tmim lemva as* mrm >i««
te> arrive) «t
SAN FRANCISCO.
J fff kurn atj
1 (Toot of Market Street i
\wa*k - MAIN LINE. - akrivT
7.00 a Vacavtlle Winters. liu:n»«y / 6G*
7.00 a Benicia, n,imira ami Sacramento.. 7.20 a
7.30 a Talleja Nana, Csllstotrs, Ssntt
Rosa. Martinez. Shu l!*mca 8 20*
7 SOa Ntlee.Trary, Lathrop. S'oekron.... 7 20*
• OOA Shasta Expreia— (Via Davis).
William*. Wlllowa, tFrato. Bed
Blnn*. Portland. Tacoina. Senttle 7-50*
• 00A Davis.Wooil'ard. Knights Landing.
MarTtrllle. Orovllie 7.60 a'
8 30a Martinez, AnUoch Byroa, Tracy.
Stockton. Newman. Los Banoa,
Meadcta, Armona. Henford,
Vlsslla Portervllie ...
• 30a Port Cotta. Modesto. Merced.
Fresno. Gclien Junction. Hsb
ford. Viaalla Bakcrifleld *sB*
• 30a Niles, San Jose. Ltvermore. Stock
ton. (♦Mlltoa). tone. Sacramento. M —
Msryavllle. C'htco. Red Bluff .... * rvm
• 30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jemeatown. So
nor*, Tuolnma* sort Angela eon.
• 00a Atlantic Express—Oe:den snd East. B
• 30a Richmond. Martinet and Way
Btattoat ■ SOP
10 00a The Overland Limited — "gden.
Omaha, Chicago, Denver, Kaauis
City, Bt. Luaie ,1 521
lOOOa Va11ej0...,.
ICOOa Loj Angeles Passenger — Port
Coata, Martinez. Byroa. Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
Bay mood, Fresno. Goshen Junc
tion. Hanford, Lemoore, Vlsalla. _ _
Bskersfleld. Los Angelea t o«S
IZ.QOm Hay ward. Nllea and Way Stations. ~*ZOJ
tl OOP Sacramento Rlrer Steamers Til.uu*
5.40* Benicia Wiuter*. Sacrament*
Woodland. Knights luindlng,
MsrytTllls. Orovllle sad way
sutfons 'rsJRr
138* Hvward. Niles snd Way Ststloas.. 7 *0#
I JO* Port Coata. Mar- i nes, Byron.Trecy,
Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto,
Merced. Bereada, Fresno sod
Way Stations beyond Port. Costa IZ-ZO*
6*o* Msrtlnez.S»nßa»o«. Vallejo. Nape,
Callatoga, Baata Rosa. • *S*
4 00* Niles. Tracy. Stock ton 10 20e
4 80* H*y ward. Niles, Irrtagtom, Baal t« 60s
Jose. Llrermors..- ~ | tl 1.60 a
• JO* The Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Banos, Mendota Preano, Talare,
Bskersfleld. Los Angeles mm 8.60 a
tf.3o* Hsy ward, Niles and San Joss 7.20*,
I.OOP Ray ward, biles and Saa Jose 0-60*
• OOP Eastern Express-Omiti, Chicago.
Denver. Jiaasss City, St. Lou la
Martines. Stockton. Sscrsmeate,
Colfax. Reao. b parka, M aale Us,
- — Ogdea - tZ.SO*
f .10* Vallejo, daily, except Sunday — I 7 eg—
. 7410* Vallejo, Sunday onfy f "• w
7 OOP Richmond, San Ptblo, Fort Costa
Martines snd War Station! 11.20*
9*Q*Beno Passenger—Port Costa, Be
nicia, Bulaun, Elmlra, Dtxoa,
Davis. Sscrsmento. Sparks. Ton*.
pah, Keeler and War Stations... 7*o*
•46* Oregon * California Express—Sac
ramento. MaryavUle, Redding,
Portland. Paget Soaad and East. t-Bta
J.lo* Eay ward, N ilea and Baa Jose (Sua
cay only) . 11*0*
COAST LI riE (Harrow Gangs).
(Toot sf Market Street.) [
O.IIA Newark. CeatervlUa Saa Jese,
Fallon. Boulder Creek, Pant*
Cruz aad Way Stations o*l*
H.lB> Newark. Centervllle Saa Joss,
New Almaden. Los c-atoa.Feltoa
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz sad
Principal Way Stations 116-88*
«16* Newark. Baa Jose, Los Gatos... \
•O3o* Han ten' Train (Saturday saly)—
Sao Jose and Way Stattona 17.26*
QOAST Li N E (Broad Usage).
Mr (Third aad Towniend Streets.)
•.10a San Joae sud Way Statlona 6 30*
? 00a San ,!o«e and Way Stations 6 40*
• OOa New Almaden (Tnea.. Frio., only). 4.10*
• 00a The Coaster—San Jose. Saunas,
Baa Ardo, Paso Robles. Bsnu
Margarita, Ban Lull Obispo,
Guadalupe, Gavlota, Ssnts Bar-
Bars, Bsa Buenareatura Moo
tslro. Oxnard, Bur bank, Los
Angeles 10-30*)
•OOA GUroy, Holllster. CaatrorUls, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove, Surf, Lonv
poc 10 30*
• .00a Ban Josa Tree PinoaWatsonvllle,
Capltola. Bsnu Cruz, Paclfla
OroTe, Salinas. San Lula Obispo
and Principal Way Statlona. ._ 4-10*
10 30a Bsb Joie snd Way Statloui 1.20*
II 30a San Joee and Way Stations 7.305»
516p Bsn Joae and Way Stationa 8 38a
.OOP Del Monte Expreaa— Santa Clara,
fcan Joae, Watsonvlile. Santa
Cruz, Del Monte. Monterey,
Pactflc Grove 12.16*
11-00* Los Oatoz, WrlghL Boulder Creek.
Banta Cruz, vis Santa Clara and
Narrow Gsuge tlO 4Ba
* liO* Valencia St.. Soutil San Francisco,
Burllngamc, San Jose, Gllroy,
Hoi Hater. Trea Plaos 10 45A
4-30P Bsn Joae and Way Stations i 8 00a
fSOOP Santa Clara, San Joee. Los Gatos,
and principal Way Statlona (ex
cept Sunday) tfi.oo*
tjO* BanJoaeand Principal Waj Stations {9.40 a
48p Banaet Express.—Redwood. Saa
Jose, Gllroy,Salinas,l'aao Robiea
.» Ban Lnla Obispo, Santa Barbara,
Loa Angeles. Dewing. El Paso,
St.Louis. New Orleans, NewTork 9 10a
•4»*PaJaro, Watsonvlile. Capltola
ssnts Cruz. Castrovllla Del
Monte. Psciflc Grove 10 30*
tOIIP Bail Mateo,Bereaford,Belmont.Saa
Carloa. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Msnlo Park. Palo Alto 16 48a
Ban Joae and Way Stations 6 38a
OOpPalo Alto and Way Statleas 10 16a
11 Mp South San Fraacltco. MI librae. Bar-
Mngame, Baa Mateo. Belmont,
Bsn Csrloa Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menls Park, and Palo Alto to4o*
srlllQp Mayfleld, Mountsln View, Sunny
vale, Lawrence. Banta Clara aad
Ban Jose gjpj
▲ tor Morning. F for Afternooa
Iflajßday excepted. t Bandsy only.
*■ Saturday only * Monday OBtV
tßisps at all staUoa* oa Sunday^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlbnroa Ferry, root of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS—7:BO. 9:00, 11:00 a m.; 12:85,
3:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdaya—Extra trip
at 11:80 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 1:60 and 11:80 p. m
SUN DATS—B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a m.; 1"!B0, B:3*.
6:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
BAIT RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS —6:05, 7:35. 7:50, 9:20, 11:16
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40 6:00 6:20 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 2:05 and. 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS—B:OO 9:40. 11:15 a m.; ItaO, 8:40,
4:06. 6:06, 6:26 p. m.
ItSsM ■ In Effect Arrive
Ssn Fran. | Oct. 2, 1904. [ Ban Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destine- I Bun- I Week
Days. 1 days. I tioa |_ daya f Daya
"7:30 a! 8:00 al . 9:10 al 8:40 a
9:30 a Igaaal*. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30p 3:30p 6:08 p 6:20»
6:10 p] 5:00 p
7:30al 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novate, 10:40 a 10 20 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Fetaluma 6:05 p 6:20 »
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:86 p
5:00 p Banta Rosa.
T-80 a f |l0:«0 a 10:20 c
8:00 a Fnltoa. [7:35 p 6:20 9
8:80 p 3:30 p[ I ,
Windsor, I
T:80a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10t40 afl0:20 a
Lytton, I -
«:80p 8:80 p Geyservllla T»B5 p\ 9:29 9
j
7:80 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 sJIO:W •
8)80 p| 8:30 p| and Uklah. | T:B6p< 9:20»
I i Wllllta snd I I
T:Boa| 8:00 a| Sherwood. | TtSSpj 6:20 9
1:30 al 8:00 aT~ j^^'l
8:30 p[ 3:30 p| GueTneville. I 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma I s : *s*
6:10 p| 6:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:06 p, 6j20 p
"7l3oarB:ooa| . I 1 a l 1 ";^»
3:30 p| 3:3op| SebastopoL I «35 gj 6.20 p
" STAGES "connecT at Green Brae for San
Qur'ntln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs, at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: st OsyssrviU* for Skaggs
Springs- at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone
ville and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Snr'njts Highland' Springs. Kelsey vllle, Carls
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs.
Rlue Lak-s Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Uune- I'ake Porno. I'oter Valley, j&hn Day's.
Riverside Lierly's. Rucknelfs, Sanhedrln
Heights Hullvllle, Orr's Ifot Springs. Halfway
HouV 'c'omptche, Hopkins. Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg. West port and Usal; at Wllllta for
Fort Braggi Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Cahto.' Covelo. Lajrtonvllle, Cummlngs,
Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Fruit land.
Dyer. Garberville, Camp 6, Fappei wood. Scotia
and Eureka
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets et re
duced rates
On Sunday -Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half ratea.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRA'/lER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Geti. Agt.
Wlt, Tamalpais Railway
~Lt. Sin rrancizco f Ar. Saa Franciica
Wk. Dajs fcndays Sundays V/k. DajT
...... H:Zr, \ nSSSKkWrnW l:iOf "*Tb:5O«
9: SO a 2:BSp *:65p
1:45p l}* r> ? 6 '*3e " eTsip
"Ba'anf»7S 4::!.-»r latnniarf'li:l2p"
♦Tie Gravity Cm V Mt tamaipait tajgjjfkUjf
TlCin i 660 Mabkbt ST n (North Shore Railroad)
61 riOM \ and Sausauto Ferry, Foot Market S*.
Weekly Call, $1 per YearCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Business on the local sjock exchanges shows less excitement.
Xciv York Stocks generally firmer on the day. Cotton higher.
Domestic and Sterling Exchange advancing. Silver declining.
]pheat and Barley Futures higher and more active.
■ Oats. Corn and Rye firmly lield. Feedstuffs very steady.
• Government places an order for 1000 tons of Have here.
Xo further change in Beans or Seeds.
Potatoes firm and selling well. Onions higher again.
[ Poultry and Game not materially changed.
Citrus Fruits still quiet and affected by cold weather.
Eggs lower and weak; receipts accumulating. Butter unchanged.
Nothing new in Provisions, Cattle, Sheep or Hogs.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.—Close: Money on
call—Steady at 2®2% per cent; closing- bid. 2
per cant; offered. 2% per cent.
.Ttme loans—Steady, with sixty days tat 2%
per cent, ninety days at 3 per cent and six
months at 3% per cent.
Prime mercantile paper—4®4% per cent.
•Sterling exchange—Strong at the decline,
with actual business In bankers' bills at $4.8745
©4.7865 for demand and at $4.8505®4.55i'.» for
sixty day bills.
Posted rates—s4 85% and $4 88.
'Commercial bills—l 4 84%®4 85%.
Bar stiver—s9 %c
Mexican dollars—47 %c.
. Bonds—Governments, easy; railroads, Irreg
ular.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.—Such a market as
there was for stock to-day was restricted to
testing operations by professionals In attempts
to discover the trend of the market. The at
tempts were unsuccessful, for the simple reason
that the market had no trend. There was a
condition of lethargy, with prices very near
to last nlgh£s level. The undertone is un
deniably firm and such testing operations as
tne professionals venture upon are Indicative
of a spirit of hopefulness for higher prices.
For several days past the early transactions
have been light, buying orders following re
cessions and the disappointing fact Is devel
oped that traders are alone in the market.
This stagnant condition of speculation is v
surprise to those who looked for active deal
ings with the January congestion of money
supply and the effort to find explanation for
It points to various surmises. The natural
accumulation of money in New York i» modi
fled to some extent by the outgo of gold and
next week's requirement of $10,000,000 lor the
return of Government deposits Is a subject for
consideration. But the almost plethoric con
dition of the money market and the loan in
terest rates urevailing make this an improb
able explanation for the neglected speculation.
The unprecedented rush of depositors at the
local savings banks this week is offered as
part explanation of the diversion of Invest
ment funJs, the attraction being the advance
In the interest rate tc depositors offered by
many «f the banks. Then there Is some dis
trust of the level to which prices had been
pushed in anticipation of the January' move
ment. The. rise of a few special stocks left
♦the Indeterminate tone of the market un
cfcangea up to the close.
. The movement of bond prices was irregular,
but there was a well diffused activity In the
riiarket. Total sales, par value. $3,540,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 35.500 87% 87 S7
Atchison pfd 9CO 100 % 100% 100' a
'.Atlantic C Line 103
•Baltimore A O 10.100 104*4 103% 103!*
Bait & Ohio pfd £«>
Canadian Pacific... 1.300 133% 132% 133
Central of N J.. 400 191% J9l 191
Ches A Ohio 1,300 48 47% 47%
• hicago & Alton . 200 42*4 42 % 42
Chi A Alton pfd.. 100 83 83 80
Chicago G W Csoo 22% 22% 22%
i.-hicago |X V 205
( hi. M A Bt Paul 0.3u0 173 172% 172
Chi Ter & Tran .. 600 10% 10% 10%
•hi T A T pid .. 3.400 20% 10% 20
i C C & St Louis 69
Colorado &So 100 23 22 22%
( 010 & So Ist pfd 300 00% 00% 60
Colo A So 2d pfd.. 100 36% 36% 35%
Delaware & Hud 184
Del, Lack & West 335
Denver A Rio G. 600 32 .'(2 31
Den A Rio G pfd. 600 86% 86 86
Erie 18,70© 39% 39% 39%
Erie Ist pfd 2.200 77 % 77% 77%
Erie 2d pfd 1.200 62 61% 61%
Hocking Valley 7 90%
Hocking Val pfd 93%
Illinois Central .... 5.300 159% 158% 100%
lowa Central 29
lowa Central pfd 55%
Kansas City 50.... 100 28% 28% 28%
Kan City So pfd. 300 53% 53% • 53%
Louisville A Nash. 1,900 140% 140% 140%
Manhattan L 18,300 170% 168% 169%
Metropol Sect*- .. 2.500 77 75 76%
Metropol St Ry .. 17.100 117% 115% 117%
Mexican Central ... 6,600 23% 23% 23%
Minneapolis & St L 50
M.St.P A S Ste M 200 89% 89% 80%
M.StP ASS M pfd 146
Missouri Pacific ... 4,200 106% 106% 106%
Mo Kane A Tex. 2.000 31% 31% 31%
M. X St Tex pfd. 2,500 03% 63 63%
National of Mcx pfd 4.000 43% 42% 42%
N V Central 1.500 144 143% 143%
N V, Ont A West. 600 41% 41 40%
Norfolk & West... 1.200 79' j 79 79
Norfolk Sz W pfd 90
Pennsylvania 11,200 137% 137% 137%
Pittsbg, CCA St L 1,100 77% 77% 77
Reading 13,900 82 % 81% 81%
Reading Ist pfd.... 200 91% 91% 91%
Reading 2d pfd 83%
Rock Island Co 7.800 36% 36% 36%
Rock Island Co pfd 84
St L&S F 2d pfd SOO 71 70 70%
St Louis 8 W ... 800 25% 24% 24%
St Louis S W pfd. 700 58 67 % 67
Southern Pacific .. 900 66% 65% 66%
Southern Pac pfd.. 3,400 116% 116% 116%
Southern Rv 600 35% 34% 35
Southern Ry pfd... 500 96% 96% 96%
Texas & Pacific ... 300 35% 35% 34%
Tol, 6t Louis & W 36
T, St L A W pfd 53%
Union Pacific 83.900 115% 114% 116%
Union Pacific pfd 96
Wabash 700 21% 21% 21%
Wabash pfd 42%
Wheeling & L E... 100 19% 1»% 18%
Wisconsin Central 21%
Wisconsin C*n pfd./ 45
Express Companies—
'Adams 236
American 212
United States 120
Wells-Fa rgo 233
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 40,600 74% 73% 74%
Am Car & Fdry.. 100 33% 33% 33%
Am Car A F pfd 92
Am Cotton Oil A 600 35% 35% 36
Am Cctton Oil pfd. V 100 95 95 94
American Ice 700 6% 6% 6
American Ice pfd.. 200 36% 36% 87
Am Linseed OH 15%
Am Linseed OH pfd 37
Amer Locomotive.. 300 36 85 35
Amer Loco pfd 104
Am Smelt A Ref.. 12,900 82% 81% 81%
Am S & Ref pfd.. 800 112% 112 112
Amer Sugar Ref.. 2.300 142% 141 141%
Am Tob pfd certlf.. 700 94 94 93%
Anaconda Mm Co.. 1,000 112% 107% 111
Brklyn Rap Trans. 10,500 61% 60% 61
Colo Fuel A Iron.. 1,300 46 % 46 46%
Consolidated Gas..''. 1.300 197 196 196%
Corn Products 200 21 21 21
Corn Products pfd. 100 7« 78 75%
Distillers' Sees 200 37 % 37% 37%
General Electric... 100 186% 186% 186%
International Paper 1.400 23% 22% 23
Inttrntl Paper pfd. 800 77% 77 77
International Pump 700 89 37 38
IntemU Pump pfd 86
National Lead 900 25% 24% 24%
North American 100
Paciflc Mall 46
People's Gas 300 106% 106% 106%
Pressed Steel Car 36
Pressed S Car pfd. 600 SO 86% 89%
Pullman Palace Car 400 240 239% 239
Republic Steel 400 16% 16 16%
Republic Stsel pfd. 100 68% 68% 68%
Rubber Goods 600 27 % 27 26%
Rubber Goods pfd.. 100 95 96 94
Term Coal A Iron 80%
U S Leather 15,900 14% 13% 13%
17 8 Leather pfd... 7,300 101% 101% 101%
U 8 Realty 78
V S Rubber. 2,700 38% 37% 37%
U S Rubber pfd... 1.600 101% 100% 100%
US Steel.... 14.900 29% 29% 29%
U S Steel pfd .19,100 92% 02 92%
Va Caro Chem 600 :<B% 38 37 %
Va Caro Chem pfd 100 108% 108% 108
Westinghouse Elec. 300* 180% 180% 180
Western Union..:.. 300 92% 92% 92%
• Total sales 608,800 shares.
New York Bonds.
V S ref 2s reg. .104%! Japan <3«. cert.... 96
Do coupon 104%! L & N unified 45.103
Do 8s reg 103%! Man con gold 4».105%
Do coupon 104%!Mex Central 45... 75%
Do new 4s reg. 131 i Do Ist 1nc..... 25%
Do coupon 131 !M!nn A St L 45.. 96%
Do old 4s reg.los%'M .X A Texas 4s.Jco
Do coupon.. J06%! Do 2d a 86%
iVrr.er Tob 4s cert 72 |NR of Mcx con 4s I*l%
Do 6s. cert....lll%|N * C* gen 3%5..1C0 j
Mch gen 4s 103%:N J C sen 85....139*4 I
| Do adj 4s 94%|Nor Pacific 4s 105%
! Atlantic C L 45.101% Do 3s 77%
■ Bait & Ohio 45..104%|N0r A W con 48.102
Do 3%s 95 O S,L refdg 45... 97%
Central of Ga 55.113%1Pa cony 3%s I°4
Do Ist Inc 91 !Reading gen 45... 101%
Do 2d mc 77%'S L A I M con 64.116%
Ches A Ohio 4%5.106%'S L A S F fg 4s. 88%
Chi A Alton 3%5. $o%|St L S W con 4s. 80%
C B & Q new 4s. 99%iSeaboard A L 4s. 87
C. R I A Pac 4s. 82 I So Pacific 4s 95
Do col ss. 95% So Railway 5s 117%
C.C.C A HLgn 4s.lol%!Tex & Paciflc 15ta.120%
Chi Term 4s 87 Tol St L& W 4s. 83%
: Colo Midland 45.. 74%' Union Pacific 45.105
Colo A So 4s 92 I Do cony 4s 115%
Cuba ss. cert 104% U S Seel 2d 55.. 92\
Den & Rio G 4s. 10c % Wabash lsts 118%
Dist Securities 5s 79 I Do deb B sT%
• Erie pripr lien 45.1 Co %)Western Md 45.. 02
Do gen 4s 91%'w A L Erie 45... 93%
F W A D C lsts.lo9% l Wis Central 45... 91 %
j Hock Val 4%5.. .109%'
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 20i Little Chief f 5
! Alice 60 Ontario > 50
Breece 20 Ophlr 6 50
Bruns Con 09' Phoenix f *
' Com Tunnel 09, Potosl 22
Con Cal & Va... 175 Savage 45
i Horn Silver 1 sC!Sierra Nevada 54
Iron Silver 2 0-"i Small Hopes 26
i Leadville Con 02iStandard 1 50
.Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |U S Steel 29%
Call loans 2%®3%i Do pfd 92%
Time loans Westing Common. 88
Bonds— I Mmmg —
Atchison 4s 102%.Adventure 8
Do adj 4s 91%|AlIouez 21
Mcx Central 45.. 74U!Amal Copper 74%
Railroads— Amer Zinc 12
Atchison 87 Atlantic 17%
Do pfd 100%]Bingham 33%
| Boston A Albany.2s6 iCalumet A Hecla.o4s
Boston A Maine. 175 ICentennlal 25%
, Boston Elev 15t>'%: Copper Range ... 69%
j Fltchburg pfd 143 'Daly West 14%
Mcx Central 23VDom Coal 60
■ N Y. N H A H. .2t>?%'Franklin 11%
'. Pere Marquette... SOVGraney 5%
i Union Paciflc . ..115%!lsle Royale 26
Miscellaneous — Mn<»s Mining .... 10%
Amer Arge Chem. 20% Michigan 12%
i Do pfd 87 IMchawk 52 %
Amer Pneu Tube. 4%' Mont Coal & Coke 4%
; Amer Sugar 141%! Old Dominion ... 27%
L Do pfd 188 v. iOsceola 91%
•Amer Tel A Tel. 14ft'/, 'Parrot -*9
i Amer Woolen ... 23 lOulncy 105
Do rfd «< 93%!8hannon 8%
I Pom Iron & 5..,. 18* i Tamarack 12°
;Ed Elect 11ium..252 iTrlnitv 9
; Gen Electric IR«H!U S Mining 23%
i Ma.«s Electric 13%1U F Oil 10%
Do pfd 68 lUUJ .' 42%
Ma*s Gas 3K%'V'ctoria 6
United Fruit 105 tWlnona 12%
lUn Shoe Mach... KB iWolverine 106%
Do pfd 02 V
London Closing: Stocks.
Cons money 88 7-1* N V Central 148%
Do acct 88 9 16' Nor A Western... 81%
Anaconda 5%! Do pfd 95
Atchison 89%!0nt A Western... 42%
Do pfd 103%'Pennsvlvanla 70%
Bat & Ohio 107% Rand Mines 11%
Can Pacific 186% 'Reading 41%
Ches & Ohio. 4i»V Do Ist pfd 47
Chi Great West.. 23 ! Do 2d pfd/ 43
Chi. Mil A St P. 177 tSo Railway 86
De Beers 18 | Do pfd 9«i%
Den & Rio G tt I So Pacific 67%
Do pfd 78%iUn1on Paciflc 117%
Erie 40% ! Do pfd 99%
Do Ist pfd 79%'U S Steel 30%
Do 2d pfd « I Do v-fd 9i«4
111 Central 163% I Wabash 22
Ix>ul* A Nash 144 ! Do pfd 44
TS, X A Texas... 32H'Snanlsh 4s 89%
Bar silver—Steady; 27 0-16 d per ounce.
Money—! \ ■ 2 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2% per cent and for thre?
months' bills 2%©2 5-16 per cent.
Condition of the TTeasnry.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 11—To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances ln the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
serve ln the division of redemption, shows:
Available cash balances. $143,284,571; gold,
570.272.353.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.—<X)TTON—Futures,
steady. January. 6.66 c bid; February 6.70 c;
March. 6.78 c: April, «.84c; May, 6.89 c; June,
6.96 c; July, 7c; August, 7.03 c; September, 7.00 c;
October, 7.11 c.
Futures closed steady. January, 6.83 c; Feb
ruary. 6.87 c; March, 6.91 c; April, 6.97 c; May,
7.01 c.
Spot closed quiet. Middling uplands, 7.15 c;
middling gulf, 7.40 c. No sales.
Now York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, January 11.—FLOUR—Re
ceipts, 22.000; exports. 25,000 barrels. Market
firm.
WHEAT—Receipts, ISOO bushels. Spot ir
regular; No. 2 red, $1 22% elevator; No. 2
red, $1 25% f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern
Duluth. $1 27% f. o. b. afloat.
Options were well sustained up to midday
on light receipts, bull support and covering,
but weakened under a disappointing cash
situation, stop-loss selling and heavy snow
fall over the West. The close was Irregular
at a partial %c net advance. May closed at
$1 16tA and July at $1 03%.
HOPS—Firm.
HIDES—Firm.
WOOL—Firm. y
PETROLEUM—Easy.
COFFEE—The market for coffee futures
closed steady at a decline of 10®15 points.
Sales 92.500 bags. Including: January. 7.60 c;
March. 7.75®7.85e: May, B@-8.10c; July, 8.20 c;
September. 8.40®8.50c; December, 5.«0®8.70c.
Spot, firm.
SUGAR—Raw. strong. Refined, Arm.
BUTTER—Unchanged.
CHEESE—Unchanged.
EGGS —Uncharged. .
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES—The market shows
increased ftrmnesi, with prices a shade higher
in some Instances. Common, 4®sc; prime, 5%
®5%c; choice." 5%@5%c, and fancy. 6®7c.
PRUNES—Are attracting a little more at
tention for Jobbing lots and rule firm, with
quotations ranging from 2c to 5%c for Califor
nia grades, wntle Oregon ran up to 6%c for
the larger sizes.
APRICOTS—Are being taken slowly, with
.-nest orders going to the lower grades. Choice,
luc; extra choice. 10%©llc, and fancy
l>'L ; !sc.
PEACHES—Are In light supply on spot and
! firmly held, with choice at 9%c; extra choice,
i 10%©10%c,.and fancy. ll%c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.—The London tin mar
' ket ruled firmer, closing at £181 7s 6d for
i spot and £131 for futures. Locally the market
> was also steadier, closing at $29 05@29 30.
Copper was higher in London, spot closing
;at £68 6s 7d and futures at £68 15s. Localll*,
; the market Is unchanged. Lake, 15.37 u#
i 15.50 c; lectrolytlc*) 18.12%®15.2&>, and cast
! Ing. 15.87% c.
was easier at £12 17s In London, but
| remained firm at 4.50@4.70c locally.
Spelter waa unchanged at 615<Sti.25c In New
; York.
Iron closed at sns 9d in- Glasgow and 49s
) 7%d in Mlddlesborc. Locally Iron Was un
] changed.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Jan. 11.—Lower cables, with rain
' and snow in the Southwest, caused an easy
t< r.e In wheat at the opening. May was un
changed to %c lower at $1 16%@1 16%. Sell
ing was quite liberal at the start. A number
, of large commission houses soon became fairly
I active buyers and as a result prices readily
! advanced. The high point on May for the
day was reached at $1 17%@1 17%. Profit
taking for a prominent holder, followed by
quite general selling on the part of the pit
traders, caused a sharp reaction. May declining
to ?1 16%. During the last half-hour the
greater part of the loss w-as regained on re
newed covering by shorts. The market closed
firm, with May at $1 17@1 17%.
Smaller receipts had a steadying effect on
the corn market. May closed at 44%@44%c,
; unchanred.
1 In sympathy with the firmness of other
grains the oats market was steady. May
closed unchanged at 31 %c.
i Early In the day sentiment In the provision
1 market was comparatively bearish, owing to
s THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1905.
weakness of hogs at the yards. May pork .
closed 7%c up. lard oft* a shade and ribs
'HjOSc advanced.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles- Open. High. Low. Cloae.
Wheat No. 2—
May 1 16% 1 17% 1 16% 1 17%
July 99% 99% 99% 09%
Com No. 2—
Jaruary 41% 41% 41% 41% 1
May 44% 44% 44% 44%
July 45% 45% 46% 45%
Oats No 2—
January 30% 30% 30% 30%
May 31% 31% 31% .31%
•July 31% 31% 31% 31%
Mess Pork, per barrel—
January 12 20 12 32% 12 20 12 32%
M.-y 12 62% 12 65 12 50 12 65
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January 660 6 OO' 660 660
May C 82% 6 85 680 685
July .. . 6 92% 695 690 606
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 6 37U 6 37% 6 37% 6 37%
May 660 667 % 6 57% 6 «7%
July 6 75 6 80 6 75 6 80
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Jan. ML —Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour. Arm; No. 2 spring wheat,
$1 12j51 14; No. 3, $1 02Q1 05; No. 2 red, $li 18
91 20; No. 2 corn, 43e; No. 2 yellow. 43c; No.
2 oats. 30% c; No. 2 white. 32<g02%c; No. 3
white. 30%051%c; No. 2 rye, 75c; good feed
ing barlty, 3t%37c; fair to choice malting,
45©47 c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 16; No. 1 North
western $1 23; prime timothy seed. $2 30;
mess pork, per barrel, $12 30®i2 40; lard, per
100 lbs. $6 60; short ribs sides (loose), $6 12%
®« 23: short clear sides (boxed), $6 50®6 62%;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 23; clover,
I contract grade, $13.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
: Flour, barrels 41,000 31,000
Wheat, bushels 67.000 44,000
Corn, bushels 663.000 192.000
Oats. hSshels 842.000 138.000
Rye. bushels 11,000 22.000
• Barley, bushels 14,400 32,000
mmmwmwmmmmmp
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Jan. 11.—On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm;
crcameri s. 19S'-f!c; dairies. 13%@24c; egss,
nrm, prime firsts, 23% c; cheese, steady,
n@l2c. (
CATTLE SHEBP AND HOGS.
I
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Jan. 11.—CATTLE—Receipts,
33.000: 10®15c lower. Good to prime steers,
$5 60@6; poor to medium, $3 75@5 45: stock
ers and feeders. $2 25@4 15: cows, $1 25®4 4«:
! heifers. $2*ts; canners, $1 25@t 50; bulls, $2®
| 4; calves, $3®7. nn
HOGS—Receipts. 48.000; to-morrow, 30.000;
! market s@>loc lower. Mixed and butchers',
$4 50®4 70; good to choice heavy, $4 70@4 SO:
i rough heavy. $4 40®4 55; light. $4 40®4 67%;
bulk of sales, $4 55<54 70.
SHEEP—Receipts. • 22.000; sheep. . strong;
i lAmbs, firm. Good to choice wethers, $5®5 60;
i fair to choice mixed. $3 40®5; Western sheep,
$4 25®5 60; native lambs, $6®7 75; Western
I lambs, $5 75®7 60.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. JatL 11.— CATTLE—
Receipts. 600O; steady to 16c lower. Native
steers $3 50@5 75; native cows and heifers,
$1 75®4 50; stockers and feeders, $2 75®4 25:
bulls, $2 25«4: calves, $3®6 50: Western
eteers. $3 50®5 25; Western cows. $1 75®3 50.
HOGS—Receipts, 12.000; 5c lower. Bulk of
sales. $4 40@4 70; heavy. $4 60®4 70: pack
ers. $4 50®4 65; pigs and light. $3 Ss@4 55.
SHEEP—Receipts, 2500; steady. Muttons,
$4 25®5 75: lambs, $6®7 25; range wethers,
$5®6 35; Western fed ewes, $4 25@4 80.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Nebr., Jan. 11.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 3000; slow, 10c lower. Native steers,
$3 50ffi'5 60: cows and heifers. $2 50®4; can
nere. $1 50®2 40; stockers and feeders. $2 50®
4; calves. $3®6; bulls and stags. $1 75®3 50.
HOGS —Receipts, 9000; market s®loc lower.
Heavy, $4 52%®4 60; mixed, $4 52%®4 65;
light. $4 50®4 55; pigs. $3 75@4 40; bulk of
sales. $4 52%®4 57%.
SHEEP—Receipts, 5000; active, strong.
Western yearlings $5 25«6: wethers, $4 75®
5 60; ewes. $4®5: lambs. $6@7.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
' Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Marcti. May. July.
Opening 7 1% 7 % 7 %
Closing 71 7% 7%
PARIS.
Wheat— • Jan. May-Aug.
Opening 23 45 24 40
Closing 23 50 24 46
Fiouir—
Opening 31 15 32 25
Closing 31 10 32 30
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 11.—WOOL—Nominal.
Medium grades, combing and clothing. 23®
29c; light flne. 18®22%c; heavy floe, 14®18c;
tub washed, 27@41c.
Norttiern Wheat Market.
OttKOON.
PORTLAND, Jan. 11.—WHEAT—Export:
Walla Walla Sic; bluestem, !>sc. Milling:
Walla Wflla. 85c; bluestem, 88®90c; valley,
87c Eastern market basis: Walla Walla,
85c; bluestem. 90c.
WASHINGTON.
TAQOMA, Jan. 11— WHEAT—Unchanged;
bluestem. 89c; club, 86c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Jan. 11.—Clearings, $888,252;
balances. $225,571.
TACOMA. Jan. 11. —Clearings, $572,470;
balances, $29,844.
PORTLAND. Jan. 11.—CJearings, $663,643;
balances, $124,720.
SPOKANE, Jan. 11.—Clearings, $506,783;
balances. $72,384.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling and Domestic Exchange are higher.
Sliver is lower.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days..s4 85%® —
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 87%® —
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 88%® —
New York Exchange, sight 06 @ —
New York Exchange, telegraphic 07%® —
Silver, per ounce 59%® —
Mexican Dollars 49%® —
INTERNATIONAL,
New York dh Paris 5.15
New York on Mexico .6 202%
Paris on London 25.14
Berlin on London .. i 20.43%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT —Prostrated wires continue to ham
per the market and there is no important news
from the East. Liverpool futures were lower,
while Chicago was slightly higher. In this
market futures were active and higher, while
the caah grain remained as previously quoted,
v CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 45® 1 52%; California
White Australian, $1 60©1 62%; Northern
Club. $1 50©1 55; Northern Bluestem. $1 60®
1 62%; Northern Red. $1 47% per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May fl 46% $1 46% $1 46% $1 46%
2 p. m. Session.
May—No sales; $1 46% asked.
December—No sales; $1 31% bid. $1 32% asked.
BARLEY—The market developed renewed
firmness yesterday. Futures advanced and the
cash prices were very stiff.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 13%©1 17%; Brewing and Shipping.
$1 18%©1 22%; Chevalier. $1 20®1 25 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 15% $1 16% $1 16% $1 15%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May—No sales; $1 16% bid, $1 16 asked.
December ... 98% 98% 98 98
OATS—Prevloua prices tm\*, with a firm
market. A large line of 10,623 ctls came la
from Washington yesterday.
White, $1 45®1 57%; Surprise, $1 65®1 60;
Red for feed, $1 45@1 60 for No. 1 and
$1 40® 1 42% for No. 2; choice, for seed.
$1 60©1 55; Black. $1 35© 146 for feed and
$1 50® 1 65 for seed; Eastern White. $1 42%®
1 45 per ctl.
CORN —Rules steady at tht recent Improve
ment In prices. Offerings are lighter again,
as receipts from the West have fallen off
sharply during the past ten days.
Western sacked. $1 27%©1 30 for new Yel
low and White and $1 22%@1 25 for Mixed;
I California large Yellow. $1 30® 1 36; small
! round do, $1 65@1 80; White. $1 25© 1 30;
Egyptian, $1 35® 1 37% for White and $1 17%
©1 20 for Brown.
RYE—sl 42%®1 47% per cU.
BUCKWHEAT—SI 50®1 75 per ctl.
Flour snd Mills tuffs.
FLOUR —California Family Extras, $4 80®
6 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70®5;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $4®4 50
per bbl.
MILLS TUFFS—Prices In packages are aa
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3 28 (In barrels $4 75); Rye Meal.
J3 60 (In barrels $4 50); Rice Flour. $7; Corn
leal $2 50; extra cream do. $3 60; Oat M-aJ
f4; Oat Groats, $4 25; Hominy, $3 60©3 85;
Buckwheat Flour, $4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina, $4; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
i Oats, bbls, $6 *5®7 60; in sacks. $4 25; 1 earl
Barley, $0; Split Peas boxes. $5 50; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
The Government has awarded an order for
1000 tons to this market and another for 1000
tons to the north. There still remain on its
army requirements over 5000 tons to be sup
plied, but the deliveries will extend over many
mouths, so do not affect the market.
The, circular of Somers A Co. says:
"Receipts of Hay for the past week have
amounted to 200<> tons, an increase of about
a thousand tons over the week preceding
The demand, though not heavy, has become a
little more active since the holidays, but con
signees still have difficulty in making dis
position of all their shipments. Prices have
not advanced, though we might say the mar
ket seems to have a steadier tone. We can
not but think this a temporary condition, pos
sibly caused by consumers' willingness to
stock up a bit for the\new year.
"There have been no Oriental . shipments
during the week, and the Government has
placed an order for a thousand tons, immedi
ate delivery, up north. Bide have just been
opened for the regular half year's supply for
the army ln the Philippines, but we think
it will not have any visible effect on the mar
ket, for the amount is not large when we con
sider that there are six months in which to
make delivery."
There Is, no change in Feedstuffs.
Bl!AN —$20021 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS—S2S*2B per ton.
SHORTS—S2O®2I 5o per ten.
FEEDSTUFFS—RoIIed Barley $24 50®25 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 50®
32 50; jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake, *23fi24;
Cocoanut Meal. $24025; Corn Meal, $31 50®
32; Cracked Corn, $32032 50; Mixed Feed. $22
023; Horse Beans, $30®40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY—Wheat. $9014 50: Wheat and Oat,
$9®13 50; Oat, $9®12 50; Barley and Oat. $8®
10; Volunteer Wild Oat. $7010; stable. $9© 10;
stock. $«®7 50; Clover. $7®10; Alfalfa $9© 12
per ton.
STRAW—3SO6Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The market is steady at the general revision
in quotations noted yesterday.
BEANS—Bayos, $2 75®3; Pea $3 25©3 50;
Butter. $303 25; small White, $3 25®3 40;
large White. $2 5002 05; Pink, $3 40@3 60;
Red. $4 750 5; Lima. $4 05®4 15; Red Kidneys,
$4 .4 61 : Blackeyes. $2 50©2 60 per ctl;
Horse Beans, $1 85$j2 40.
SEEDS—brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 3><«©3%c; Flax. $2®2 75; Canary.
$%c; Alfalfa, 12%013c: Rape, 1%©2% c;
Timothy. 5 :t 4 c; Hemp. per lb; Mil
let, 2%©3%e; Broom Corn Seed, $20021 per
' ton.
\ DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75®2 50; Green
LPeas. $1 75®2 5u per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The Potato market continues firm and active,
particularly for fancy stock, which cleans up
readily from <say to day at good prices. Low
grade river Burbanks are plentiful but steady
owing to the shortage of fancy stock. Onions
rule firm at an advance, with stocks rather
low at the moment.
Receipts of southern vegetables were light
and there was oontinued firmness in choice
offerings of al! descriptions. Mushrooms were
abundant and weak.
POTATOES—But banks from the river. 60®
90c per Ctl; Salinas Burbanks $1 15@1 45 per
ctl: Oregon Burbanks. $101 25 per ctl;
River Reds sOoW'c per ctl; Early Rose. $1®
1 20 per ctl: Sweet Potatoes. 90c®$l per ctl.
ONIONS —$2 15®2 40 per ctl.
VEGETABLES—.Green Peas. s®7c per lb;
String Beans. B®llc per lb; Wax Beans, 7®
10c; Tomatoes. 75c®$l 25 per box or crate;
Summer Squash. 75c per box; Hothouse Cu
cumbers $1 2501 50 per dozen; Cabbage. 5C©
60c per ctl: Carrots. 30040 c per sack; Garlic.
7fißc per lb: Egg Plant. 8010 c per lb for
southern; Dried Peppers. 10®12%c for sun
dried and 13014 c per lb for evaporated; Green
Peppers. 6<riSc per lb; Mushrooms, 10®15c per
;b; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash, $»©lO per
ton.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of Poultry from domestic shipping
points were only fifty-three coops, and as th*e
was no Western stock available the market
continued firm and was practically bare at the
close. A car of Western falls due to-day.
Dressed Turkeys were ln good request and
firm. Stocks of Western chilled and frozen
were about exhausted and only nineteen cases
came ln from local points. There were no
changes In Game, the demand and supply
about balancing.
POULTRY—Dressed Turkeys. 26©2Sc per lb;
Live Turkeys. per lb; Geese, per pair,
2 25; Goslings. % ; Ducka $5©6 per
dozen for old and $CO7 for young; Hens. $4 50
®5 50 for small and $5 5006 for large; young
Roosters, $607: old Roostera, $4 50®5; Fryers.
$50 5 50; Broilers, $2 50®4; Pigeons. $I@l 25;
; Squabs. $2?i2 50
GAME—Ma lard Ducks. $303 50 per dozen;
I Canvasback. $3!@4; Teal, $1 50; Sprig. $2@2 50;
: Wldaeon. $1 50; Red Heads. $2 50; small
! Ducks. $I®l 50; Grays Geese. $3; White Geese,
' 75c05l 25; Brant..sl 5002 for large and 75c@
!$1 for small: Honkers. $3®5; Snipe, $3 for
English and $1 50 for common; Hare, $20 2 25;
Rabbits. $2 50 for Cottontails and $1 50 for
I Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs,
i There waa no change In Butter or Cheese
yesterday. The Butter mtfrket continued slug
gish, with stocks too large for the demand,
which continues poor. Eggs, however,
, dropped 2c and were very weak at the decline,
with plenty of sellers, but few buyers, and
those taking no more than enough to run
them for a day or so. Stocks continue to In
crease and are growing large.
Receipts were 23,900 lbs Butter, 631 cases
Eggs and 1900 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER —Creamery at first hands. 22%®
; 23% c for extras and 20022 c for lower to me
! diiim grades; dairy, 18021 c; cold storage,
' nominal; store Butter, 13015 c; Eastern cubes,
' nominal; Eastern ladle-packed. 16@16c.
CHEESE —He for choice mild new and 10®
10% c for old; cold storage. 10®10%c; Young
Americas. 11012 c; Eastern, 13015 c per lb.
I EGGS—Ranch, 31033 c for good to choice
| and 28030 c for common; store Eggs. 25030 c;
; cold storage. 25027 %c: Eastern, nominal.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Trade ln Citrus fruits was quiet, weather
conditions still being against an active move
ment, and with stocks of nearly all descrip
tions heavy the market had a weak tone. Cali
fornia Tangerines were slightly firmer, atocks
being rather low, and standard Navels con
tinued closely cleaned up and steady. The
auction sale of Oranges attracted but little
| attention. Four carloads were cold, fancy
' selling at $1 4501 70. choice at $1 20®1 45 and
j standards at $1 15®1 20. The Apple market
! was pretty well cleaned up and firm, a good
i demand being noted for all grades. Prices of
; extra fancy stock were Irregular and some
gilt-edged offerings of Newtown Pippins and
Spitzenbergs sold up to $2 per box.
APPLES —$1 6001 75 per box for extra
fancy $I®l 25 for ordinary fancy and 60®»0c
for common to choice; Lady Apples, $1 25®2
per box.
PEARS—Winter NeUJs. $1 6002* per box;
cooking varieties, 50c©$l per box.
PERSIMMONS—SOO 75c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS —Oranges, Navels. $1 75@2
per box for fancy. $1 3501 60 for choice and
$1 10@1 35 for standards; Seedlings. 76c@_$l;
Tangerines, 75c@$1; Japanese Mandarins 75c®
$1- Lemons. $2 2502 50 for fancy. $1 50@2 tot
choice and $I®l 25 for standards; Grape Fruit.
$1 6002; Mexican Limes. $4®4 50 per case;
Bananas. $2®3 per bunch for Central American
and $I@2 for Hawaiian* Pineapples. $1 60®3
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts. Raisins. Honey.
FRUlTS—Apricots, B©llc for Royals and 11
®12% c for Moorparks; Nectarines. 6%©8% c
for White and 6%®7%c for Red; Peaches. 7%®
9%c per lb; Pears, 7@l2c : Plums, pitted. 4®
6c for black, 5%©7 c for red and 4%®6c
for yellow; Figs 2-crown bricks. 45c; 3-cTown.
50c; 4-crown 60c; 6-crown. 66c; bulk white.
2%®3c; black. 2%@5%c; Evaporated Apples,
i 4®6c per lb.
i PRUNES—I%®I%C per lb for the four stses
,' and 2%c basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS—I9O4 crop f. o. b. Fresno—lmpe
rial clusters, $2 2502 50; Dehesa. $1 300 1 35;
London Layers 85c®$1; Loose Muscatels, 4
: crown, 5©5% c; 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown. 3©3% c;
Seeded. 4%©6 c: Thompson's Seedless, 4%©
4%c; Seedless Sultanas, 3®sc per lb.
NUTS—Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12@13c; No.
,2. 10011 c; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2. 10c;
Almonds, lG@l7c for NonpareUs. 14®14%c for
I X L 13%®14%c for Ne Plus Ultra and 11c
1 for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6©7 c for Eastern;
Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 5005; Chest
: nutt:. 7®9c per lb for Italian.
HONEY—Comb. U%@l3c for white and 10®
1 11c for amber: water white extracted. 5%®
' 6%c; light amber extracted. 5®5%c; dark. 3©
I 4%c.
! BEESWAX—27O29c per lb.
Provisions.
Trade continues very quiet at the old prices.
CURED MEATS—Bacon. 10% c per lb for
heavy. 10% c for light medium, 13c for light;
14c for extra light and 14% c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides. 10c; Bellies, lie; Eastern su
gar-cured Hams 12 to 14 lbs. 12% c; 15 to IS
lbs, 12c; 17 to 20 lbs, 11 %c; California
Hams. ll%c; Mess Beef, $10010 50 per bbl;
extra Mess. $10 50011; Family, $12012 50;
prime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra clear,. $22;
Mess. $16 50; Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet, $8;
Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD —Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9%c; 10
--lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins. 9%c: 3-lb tins 10c.
COTTOLENE—One half barrel. B%c; three
half barrels, B%c; one tierce. B%c; two tiercea.
i B%c; five tierces. B%c per lb.
Htdes, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS —Culls and brands sell
about %©lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 11 %c; medium. 10% c; light 10c; Cow
Hides, 10c for heavy and 10c for light;
Stags, 7®7%c; Salted Kip, 11c; Salted
Veal, ll%c; Salted Calf. 12% c; dry
Hides, 17%©18 c; dry Kip. 15c; dry Calf. 20c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 25040 c each; short
Wool. 50075 c each; medium. 90c®$l 10; long
Wool, $1 25©1 75; Horse Hides salt, $3 for
large and $2 50 for medium, $1 50®2 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for
large and $1 50 for medium. $1 for small. 50c
for Colts. Buck Skins' —Dry Mexican, SOe; dry
aalted Mexican. 25c; dry Central American.
80c; Goat Skins—Prime Angoras, 76c; extra
large do, $1 25; large 50c; medium. 35c;
small. 20c.
TALLOW—No. 1 rendered, *©4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%c; Greaae, 2%®3c.
WOOL—Nominal; none here.
HOPS —1904 crop. 27®30c per lb; 1906 crop. ;
17%©18 c bid.
Meat Market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers j
are as follows:
BEEF—6®7c for Steers and 4%®6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL—Large 6%®Bc : small. B@9%c per lb.
MUTTON—Wethers, 7@Bc; Ewes. . 6%©7% c
per lb.
LAMB—9® 10c par lb.
PORK—Dressed Hogs. 6%®8%c par lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 40®
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE—Steers, 7%®7%c: Cows and Heif
ers, 5%®6%c; thin Cows, 4®se per lb.
CALVES—IO4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP—Wethers. 3%03%c; Ewes. 3@3%c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS—S2 50®2 75 per head.
HOGS—Live Hogs. 200 to 250 lbs, 4%®4%e;
130 to 200 lbs. 6®5%c; 80.to 130 lbs. 4%@4%c:
, soft Hogs, not wanted; Sows, 20 per cent oft*/,
i Boars. 50 per cent off, and Stags. 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS—Grain Bags, 5%®5%c spot and 6®
6%c for June and July; Wool Bags. 30®32c;
Fleece Twine. 7%c.
COAL—Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50; Roslyn. 17; Coos Bay. $5 50.
Richmond, $8; Cumberland. (13 ln bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke. $11 sC@l3 per
ton ln bulk and $15 ln sacks: Rocky Mountain
I descriptions. $8 50 per short ton.
Harrison's circular says: '"Since the de
parture of the steamship Ventura, last month, i
there have been only two arrivals of Coal from
Newcastle N. S. W., viz: Gael. 209 tone, and \
E. B. Jackson. 1100 tons; total. 4009 tons
Since the beginning of last month there have
been but three arrivals here with 5860 tons,
hence the quantity here -in yard has been
considerably diminished within the past six
weeks. There are seventeen vessels on the
chartered Hat to load coal at Newcastle for
here, with a carrying capacity of about 43,000
tons, the major portion of which will not ar
rive before April or May next. The stormy
weather prevailing here lately has materially
Increased the sale of Australian grades, they
being in brisk demand for domestic uses.
Prices remain unchanged, although 75 per cent
of the colonial Coal remains under the control
locally of one firm. The existing ratea of
freight from Australia on Coal for this mar
ket are ruling at full figures, fifteen shillings
per ton being the present asking price; this
leaves a very meager profit for the Importer
and will probably lead to reduced shipments
this year, as the British Columbia product can
be delivered here at a much lower figure and
Is eagerly sought for by large consumers of
steam and house Coals. The oil product for
1904 will aggregate thirty millions of barrels,
so It can be readily figured that the sale for
steam fuel this year will be largely dimin
ished. It Is to be hoped that the importations
colonial Coal this year will at least equal ;
the Amount delivered here ln 1904. as that la
the smallest amount Imported for several
years."
OILS —Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add sc; Linseed. 55c per gallon for boiled and
53c for raw; Castor Oil, ln cases. No. L 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 10®1 12; Luopl 50c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut/eases, 65©
80c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, ln barrels 58c
. for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural win
ter Sperm Oil, 63c; extra bleached winter
Whale OH. 57c; natural Whale Oil, 52c; extra
winter strained Lard Oil, 75c; No. T Lard Oil,
65c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot
i Oil 63c; light Herring Oil, 42c; dark Herring
!OA 40c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish OH, 37c
-1 raw Fish OH. 35c; boiled Paint OH. 33c; raw
Paint OH. 31c.
COAL OlL—Water White Coal Oil, in bulk.
12% c; Pearl Oil. in cases 19c; Astral, 19c;
Star. 19c; Extra Star. 22c; Elaine, 25% c;
Eocene, 21e; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, ln
bulk, 16c; in cases. 22Vic; Motor Gasoline, in
bulk, 16c; in eases, 22% c; No. 1 Eng. Dist..
iron bbls or drums, 9c; No. 2 do. 7%c; casesf
6Vic more; Benzine, in bulk 13c; ln cases,
19' 2 c; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk, 25c; In
cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE—7Sc per gallon ln cases and
69c ln drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD—Red Lead. 7%®
7%c per lb; White Lead, 7%©7% c. according
to quantity.
Si GAR—The Western Sugar Refining Com- '
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.25 c;
Powdered. 6.10 c; Candy Granulated. 6.10 c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6e; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6c; Fruit Granulated 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 6.90 c; Confectlonera' A, 6c;
Magnolia A, 6.60 c; Extra C. 5.50 c; Golden C,
5.40 c; "D." 6.30 c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes 50c more: 50-lb bags,
10c mora for all kinds. Tablets—Half barrels,
6.50 C; boxes. 6.75 c; H. A E. Crystal Dominos,
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev
enty-flve barrels or Its equivalent. ■
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 11.
Flour, qr sks... I.2Bo!Qi:tckMlver flsks. 19
Wheat ctls I.IOSIWIno. gals 79.350
Barley, ctls 7,120 Bran sks 751
Tallow, ctls 260iPotatoea. sks 7,601
St.f.:.r, ctls BSojOmens, sks 60
Leather, rolls ... 19' Alfalfa Beed, sks 18
Hides, No 3f9jFeed, sks 296
Pelt* bdls 225!Screenlngs, sks.. l.» 50
Rcts.ns bxs .... 850 Hay. tons 623
Lime, bbls 182|Wooi. bales 14
Parer. rolls 633|
WASHINGTON.
Flour qr sks... 6.9lo:Flaxseed, gjj, ... 2.478
Wheat, ctls 6.177|0at Groats, sks.. 800
I Oats ctls 10,623!
_______
STOCK MARKET.
| Business Lighter ln Both Local and
Mining Stocks.
Gas and Electric continued the leading stock
on the Bond Exchange, though sales were less
than 50 per cent of those of the preceding
day, and there was also less fever ln the
stcck. It opened at $50 50, which was Tues
day's closing price, advanced to $51 76 and
closed at $51 62%. The sugar stocks continued
firm, with Hawaiian Commercial still higher
at $74 75®75 50. There was a round sale ot
Pacific States Telegraph and Telephone at $106.
Business ln bonds also showed a falling off
from the recent volume.
Trading In mining stocks exhibited a marked
decrease from the preceding day, especially in
the Comstocks. which showed no pronounced
change in the plane of values. There was a
fair business In the Tonopahs. but taking the
situation as a whole all classes of mining
stocks were materially subdued In comparison
i with the preceding day. The oil stocks were
; devoid of feature, as usual. "»
The Bank of California has declared the
; regular quarterly dividend of 4 per share, pay
able January 16.
The following oil dividends have been de
clared: Four OH. monthly, of lc. $3000. pay
able January 18: OH City Petroleum, monthly,
of %c, $2500, payable February 1; Twenty
elght. monthly, of 16c, $9000, payable Feb
ruary 1; Union OH quarterly, uf 70c, $70,000,
payable January 16; United Petroleum, quar
i terly. of $1 15, $16,882. .payable January 16.
»Ie California Street Cable Rallßad Com
palry yesterday paid a regular monthly divi
dend of 90c per share. This Is an increase of
15c per share over the rate previously paid.
The Mackay Companies paid a regular
monthly dividend of 1 per cent on the pre
ferred stock and the first dividend of 1 per
c»nt on the common stock on January 10.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 11—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.; Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .106%106 14s qr cp new. 130% 131%
4s 'qr reg.. .105%106 13s qr coup.. .104% 106
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 6s. — — |0 G LAH ss. — 110
Asso Oil 6s. — 86% O W gtd ss. — —
Bay CPC 65.102 102%!Oceanlc S ss. — 71
Cal C G 58.106 — lOrn Cable 65.121% —
Cal GA B g Pac Glm 4s. — 96
m* ct ss. 83% — P E Ry ss. .105%105*4
Cal-st C 68.112 — 'P AC H 63.103% —
C C Wat 6s. — »B%IP A O R 65.113 —
EdL A P 6s. — 126 iPowell-st 6s. — 114%
FA C H 6s. — — I Sac EGAR55.102%102%
Geary-st 65.. — 60 ISF A SJVSS.I2O —
i H CAS 5%5.106 — 81erra R 65.. — —
Do 6s .7. .108 — |S P of A 6s
Hon R T 65.106% — I (1909) 107 —
L A Elec ss. — 71 (1910) — —
LAG AElss — — !S P of C 6s
LA Ry 55.. — j (1905)5r A.lOl 101%
LAL gtd ss. — 106%! (1905)5r B. — 108%
LAP lem 55.101 — (1908) 104% —
Mkt-st C «5.113 — G912) 114% —
Do lem 58.116 — ISPC 1 eg ss. — _
MVA MtTss. — 108 ! Do stampd.loß% —
NRR of C 65.103% — S P B R 6s. 135 136
Do 5s ... 120 - S V Wat 65.106% —
NP C R 5a104 — Do 4s 2dm. — 100%
NC Ry 65.. — — Do 4s 3dm. — 100
iNC P C ss. — 102% Do g mtar4s 97% —
NS R R Ss.loo 102 Stkn GAEfIS. 93 —
Oak TCo 6s. — — UG A Ess. — —
r Do 5s ... .113 — UR of 8F 4s. 87% 87%
Do con 65.103 M — j _s)j
WATER STOCKS. , W
Contra Costa 25 — jPort Coeta... — —
Marin C 0... - 6»W3 V Wat Co. — 39
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3% - 'S F G A E. 51% 52
Mutual EL.— 10 Stkn aAE. — 6%
Pac L C 0... — 61%!T T G A .75 Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 840 i
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 132%! LP A A 182 —
Anglo-Cal -.88 — iMer Trust ... — 230
Bank of Ca1.425 — I Merch Ea.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. 152 — IS F National — —
Frst Natlonl. — 340 i
SAVINGS BANKS. v
Ger S A L.2330 — |Say A L So.. — 100
Hum SAL. — — ISec Say Bk.. — 410
Mutual Say. 99% — I Union T Co. 2700 3300
S F Say U. 610 — 1
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 207%, Presidio — 41
Geary — 60 i
POWDER.
i Giant 62% 64% Vigorit 3 4%
SUGAR.
> Hawaiian C. 75% 76 Makaweli C. 32 —
I Honokaa SC 18 — Onomea SC.— 32
| Hutch S P C 15% — iPaauhau S C 20% 20%
! Kilauea SC.— 5 |
MISCELLANEOUS.
' Alaska P A. 02% 93 (Oceanic S Co. 6Vi 6
Cal F C A. 98% 99%>Pae Aux FA. 4 —
Cal Wine A. — — |Pac C 80rx.157 —
MVt MtTm. — 108 I Pac S Tel Co. 105 —
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
15 California Wine Association... 80 po ;
150 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 74 75
110 Hawaiian Comt * Sugar 75 00
26 Paauhau 8 P Co 20 02%
135 Pae States Tel & Tel Co 106 00
135 S F Gas A Electric 50 50
285 8 F Gas A E.ectric SO 75
$5,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5a 108 26
$3.00<> Northern Ry of Cal 5s 00
I $5,000 8 P of Arizona (1910) .TIOB CO I
I $5,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 62% 1
$10,000 Los Angeles Ry 8 per cent...116 50
Street—
20 Alaska Packers' Association... 93 00
$5,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 62%
Afternoon Session.
Board—
165 Hawaiian Coml * Sugar 75 50
380 Honokaa S Co 18 12%
» 100 Makaweli, b 5 32 25
* 440 Paauhau S P Co 20 75
35 Paauhau S P Co, cash 20 75.
25 S F Gas A Blectric 51 00
26 8 F Gas A Electric 51 25
160 S F Gas A Electric 61 50
• 25 S F Gas A Electric 61 75
116 S F Gas St Electric 61 62%
$2,000 Ferries St Ciiff H Ry 6a 117 00
$5,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent 116 62%
Street—
$5,000 Powell-st Ry 6 per cent US 60
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 100 — ISF St NP 55.111% —
B L Wat 6a. — 114%!s P Co 4%5.100% —
Cal NW 55.. — 114 iSun Tel 65...110 —
M C Wat ss. — 114 I Do 5s 106% —
SF Drdk 55.112 — (Suttr-st R55.104 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — 25 Nev Nat 8k.201 —
Amer Bis Co — 90 |N SR R Co. — 12%
Cal Cot Mils 80 — IN Cal P Co. 9% — '
Cal GAEOor. 50 — Oak Bk Sav.l2s —
Cal Powder..l3o 145 Oak T Con.. 76 —
Cal Bhip Co. — 21 |IOOF Hal! A 6% —
Cal TI& T — 155 Orpheum Co. — 16%
Cen Bk Oak 66 — PacC Css Co. 125 —
Chutes Co .. — 6 |Pac Sur C 0..106 —
City St CBk — 120 IParaf Paint.. 39 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 6% S F Drydock — 65'
DptPwd pfd. — 77%'SFASJ Coal. 17% 20
Do com .. — 61 S J Wat C 0.103% —
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — SO A MTgbt.l2s —
Fischer Thtr — 1% Swiss-A 8k..120 —
Frnch-A 8k.106 111 Truck Elect.. 11% 12%
Hono P Co.. 27% — Union 8 Co. — 30 .
LonA SF Bk 63 — UR InC pfd. «5 66-;!
Mat Nay Co. 70 — Do oonj ... 17 — i
SALES.
Afternoon Session.
Street—
60 United Ry Inv Co pfd 65 50
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Bid. Asked.
Aesd Oil Co Stock Tr Cert.. 26 28
Caribou 7 26 10 00
Central Point Con 70
Chicago Crude 23 28
Clarernont 82%
Forty 50
Four 55 56
Home 30 ....
Independence 29 30
Kern 5 75
Kern (New) 30
Kern River 12 00
Monarch of Arizona 30
Monte Cristo 75 85
Occidental of W Va 08
Oil City Petroleum 6fl 70
Piedmont 60
Reed Crude 2 10 !
Sovereign 30
Sterling 2 00
Superior 03
Twenty-eight 11 00
Union 70 00
Wabash 25 ....
Miscellaneous— ✓
Associated Oil Co 80nd5.... 86 60
Abby Land and Improvement 1 26 1 60
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
1000 Independence 30
1818 Junction * 20
2000 Oil City Petroleum 70
6 Unrted Railroad Bonds 87 60
3000 Associated Stock 27
1 Associated Bond 85 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
8500 Oil City Petroleum, s 30 70
1000 Associated Stock 27
100 Sterling 2 00
j 1100 Forty Oil. 60
• Mining Stocks.
! SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session—Comstocks.
500 Alta 061 Overman 30
800 Andes 30 ; 200 Potosl 24
IX) Belcher 241 500 Potosl 23
100 Belcher 28i 100 Savage 52
1(9 Best A Belch.l 25! 200 Savage 51
SOO Bullion 25i 600 Scorpion 26
2(>o Challenge ... 23i 100 Sierra Nev.... 67
500 Chollar 341 200 Sierra Nev 36
1 POO Chollar 86' 400 Silver Hill 62
15') Con Cal A V.l 85: 200 Syndicate 13
20C Confidence ... 77|2200 Union C0n.... 79
. 500 E. Sierra Nev 07i 400 Utah 20
I "200 Hale A Norc.l 60j 100 Tellow Jacket. 29
I 200 Justice 11l 200 Tellow Jacket. 28
I 500 V'exican 2 101 200 Yellow Jacket. 27
! 250 Ophlr 6 75|
Afternoon Session—Comstocks.
400 Andes 301 700 Potosl 01
400 Belcher 25! 500 Ravage 49
300 Caledonia .... 48. 200 Savage 48
100 Challenge ... 21! 000 Silver Hill 86
600 Gould A Cur. 32! 300 Bllver Hill 6T
100 Gould A Cur. 33! 800 Union Con 77
400 Justice 11l 2CO Union Con 76
300 Mexican 2 10;1300 Utah 20
50 Ophir 6 62%! 800 Yellow Jacket. 28
300 Potosl 22!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 17 19!Julla 08 08
Alta 05 06|Justice Jl 12
Andes 29 31 Ken tuck 02 03
Belcher 24 26ILady Wash ..04 00
Best & Belch.l 20 1 25iMexican 2 10 2 15
Bullion 25 27!Oc«Hdmtal ... af X)
Caledonia .... 47 49|0rt.ir 6 87% 7 r<o
Chal'tnge ... 20 22' Overman 28 29
Choli.T 35 36!Potoat 28 23
Confluence ... 75 SOlSevage 48 60
Co.i Cal A V.l 80 1 85|Scorp»or. 28 28
Con Imperial. 01 02' Sect Belcher... 06 08
Con NY ©8 06|»:erra Nev 87 69
Crown Point., 19 21:S:lv>r Hill 06 68
E. Sierra Nev 05 07:S'. L< uls 11 —
Eureka Con.. — SOjSvr.dicate 10 —
Exchequer ... 66 60!Utilen Con 76 78
Gould A Cur. 33 34Utah 20 21
Hale A Norc.l 55 1 fJOlYellow Jacket. 27 29
TONOPAH AND GOLDFITffiLD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
600 Banker H1H..1 851 500 North Star 74
1000 Columbia 33! JHk» North Star... 25
1000 Dixie Mm ... 211 100 Orig Bullfro-r. L'B
600 Dixie Mln ... 20'?(00 Orig Bu'lf.-.cr. 30
IOC) Goldfleld B Bl 06;1000 Paymaster ... 04
1000 Coldfleld Dml 12'l0)i Red Lion 06
600 Hibernla 21H000 Red Top 15
■ l ie Jumbo 7«>ilo00 Sylvania I's
I 500 Jumbo 711 1 00 Ton Midway.. 33
, COO MacNamara . 28! 106 Ton of Nev .!J 50
: 40GO MacNamara . 27! SOo Ton of N«v..l| 75
i IfO Mont Ton .. .2 OTjISOO Verde <,T
1 2SOO North Star 231
Afternoon Session.
I'.OO 31ack An*s 10) ;00 Orig Bullfrog. 25
«<r> Black Butt» . 21 2500 Pennsylvania lO
1500 Black BuUe . 2: 1000 Pennsylvania 06
I<|V, Blue Bu I ... *. O'IOOO Red Lion 06
2000 Bullfrog Mln. «:5 2000 Red Top 18
600 Bullfrog Mln. 66! 1000 Red Top 16
5-iOn Fsperanza ... 02 1 2500 Rescue 06
iKOO Goldfleld Mm. STOdOOO Sandstorm ... 47
500 Jiir Butler .. 43i 500 Sylvania 25
1200 Jumbo 7011000 Ton Belmont.. 73
2.V10 Jumbo Ex .. 33| 500 Ton Belmont.. T4
600 Jumbo Ex .. 221600 Ton Gold Mt. 14
!10»> MacNamara . 27 2500 Ton Midway.. 34
1000 N V Ton Con 13! 500 Ton Midway-.. 33
; 800 N V Ton Con UIIOOO West End ... 18
2COG North Star .. 23!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
Tonopah District.
Bid.Ask.) Bld.Ask.
Gold Anchor. 28 27 Ton A Cal — 18
Jim Butler .. 40 45|Ton Cash Boy — 12
Little Ton .. 35 45! Ton Exten ..3 25 —
MacNamara . 28 2S*Ton Midway.. 33 34
Mizpah Ex .. 06 — jTon N Star... 22 23
Mont T0n..2 05 2 07U'Ton Ohio — 25
N V Ton Con 10 13|Ton of Nev. .11 50 —
Rescue 06 07 West End ... 17 19
Ton Belmont.. 72 74!
Goldfleld District.
Adams 11 13!Goldfleld Mln.. 70 72
Black Ants .. — 09! Goldfleld Mhk 14 15
Black Butte.. 21 22jGoldtleld SPk — 18
rßlue Bull ... — 25'Goldfleld Ton. — 10
Booth M Co.- 10 —!G!dfld Verde.. — 6T
Columbia S3 34! Jumbo 69 —
Dlamondfleld. 28 Sol.Tumbo Ex .. 21 23
Blue Bull M. — 26'KendaII 25 W
Dixie Mln ... 20 — 'Pennsylvania — 10
GoMfleld 88l — 12!R*hJ Top IB 18
Go'dfleld Dmd 12 13' Sandstorm ... 47 48
Hibernla 21 —I Vernal Mm ..13 14
Other Districts.
! Bullfrog Mln. 60 —[Ray A O'Brien — 06
Colehan — lOfßouthwestem 60 —
Esperansa ... «1 02! Ton Gold Mt. 14 15
Lucky Tom... 03 OA*Sylvania 25 —
Mont Bullfrog — 12lUnlted Ton ... 08 —
Orig Bullfrog. 25 28!
TONOPAH MINING-EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
I 200 Jumbo 7012000 Pa Goldfleld.. 08
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE—Office General Superintend
ent, Army Transport Service. San Fran
cisco. Cal., January 10, 1905—There will be
sold at public auction, at 11 o'clock a. m.,
January' 26. 1905, at Folsom-stren wharf, a
lot of miscellaneous condemned Quartermas
ter's stores, a list of which can be seen st
FoUom-street wharf. C. A. DEVOL, Major
and Quartermaster, U. A.
900 Mont Ton .. .2 10! 500 South Eureka 52
500 Mont T0n...2 07%; 30»» Ton Belmont.. 73
6000 Orig Bullfrog. 2.., 50 Ton Belmont.. 72
1000 Paymaster .. 031
Afternoon Session.
1000 Adams 10 500 Mont Ton ...S6O
100 Argonaut M. .4 75 5000 Orig Bullfrog. 30
3000 Austin G M.. SVIiOOO Oris Huiltrog. M
1000 Gold Mt Con. 02*1000 Orig Bullfrog. U
2000 Gldfld Red L 0612900 Ton Belmont.. 72
1000 Jumbo Ex .. 221 ICO Ton Belmont.. 73
CLO3INO QUOTATIONS. ,
Bld.Ask! Bld.Ask.
Blue Bull M. — 30 N V T Con M 10 —
Bullfrog Mln. — 69,Orig Bullfrog. 28 30
Columbia 40 — Pavmasur ... 03 04
Dlamondfleld. — 30|Pa Goldfleld.. — 10
Esperansa ... 01 02! Pine Grove ..10 —
Free Gold M. — 15 Ray Exten .. — 15
Gold Anchor. 26 35 : 'ay ft O'Brien — 06
Goldfleld 88l — <». Red Top 15 11*
Goldfleld Mln. 68 lllKeecue 06 07
Gldfld Red L 06 — Rothwell G M — 50
Goldfleld BPk — 18 Sandstorm .. .1 49 51
Gold Mt Con. — 02 Ton Belmont .72 73
Haael Kirk .. — 12|Ton Gold Mt. 13 14
Jumbo 71 74>Ton Midway.. 33 34
Jumbo Ex .. 21 23' Ten of Nev..ll 26 —
Kendall 24 — Ton N Star... 22 28
Lucky Tom... 05 — Vernal Mln .14 —
MacNamara . 2-. 2S West End ... 16 —
Mont Ton. .2 02% 2 10
TO FILL HOLES
WITH RED ROCK
Board of Works Orders Tem
porary Expedient to Rem
edy Condition of Streets
* The Board of Public Works yester
day directed Boone, inspector of street
repairs, to supervise the placing of red
rock in the numerous chuck-holes in
the bituminous street pavements as a
temporary expedient to remedy the dis
graceful condition of the city's thor
oughfares due to the persistent disputefl
between the Supervisors' Finance Com
mittee on the one side and the Board
of Works and the F. M. Yorke Com
pany on the other.
No work has been done by the latter
company, which has the $40,000 contract
for repairs to bituminous pavements,
since the controversy began some two
months ago. The company demands
payment of some $14,000 due for previ
ous work, alleging that the money is
required for it to prosecute further
work. The Finance Committee will
not pay the September demand of the
company unless It resumes the repairs,
and there the matter stands. Commis
sioner Aigeltinger declared that the
streets are in a frightful condition and
accidents both to human beings and
horses are becoming frequent. He said
some means should be devised to have
the contract carried gut.
The Board of Public Works desires
to reduce the possibility of accidents by
filling in the most dangerous chuck
holes with red rock. The holes in front
of the Phelan building will be treated
in that manner, as they are probably
the most dangerous ones ln the city.
The cost of the work, Commissioner
Maestretti said, cannot be met with the
appropriation for repairs, but will be
paid.
The board cited the members of the
F. M. Yorke Company to appear at its
meeting next Saturday morning for the
purpose of holding a conference with a
view to repairing the bad pavements.
Counting the work already done, which
the city has not yet paid for, there re
mains some 530.000 to be expended, and
in the present condition of the streets
this amount is not one-tenth enough to
improve them.
City Architect Shea reported to ths
board that the attorneys of the Cowell
estate say there is a difference of eight
een inches between private surveys and
the City Engineer surveys of the lines
of Merchant, Sansome and Clay streets.
The estate is about to erect an eight
story building on the east side of San
some street, between Merchant and
Clay, which, according to the lines of
the city map, will prove an encroach
ment.
To prevent this Shea asked that the
City Engineer furnish the official lines
of the three streets named and this was
ordered to be done.
The board recommended the curbing
and the bituminizing of Grove street,
between Scott and Devisadero. the city
to pay for one-half of the work and
property owners agreeing to pay the
other half.
The petition of the Pavers' Union
that a union foreman be put in charge
of the pavers was filed.
The board adopted a resolution, giv
ing, notice that on and after January
26 it will meet on Wednesdays st 1:80
o'clock p. m.
CALIFORNIA IS LEADING
PRODUCER OF PETROLEUM
Surpass** ln Output All Sections of
World With Exception of Rus
sian Oil Fields.
The California Petroleum Miners'
Association, through Secretary C. T.
Deane, reports that the production of
crude petroleum in California in 1904
amounted to 28,422.860 barrels. This
places this State ahead of any in the
Union and surpasses the product of
any foreign country with the excep
tion of Russia. The California out
put for 1904, expressed in barrels, was
distributed among the several districts
of the State as follows:
Fullerton. 876.000; Puente, 204,
--000; Whlttier, 780.000; Los Angeles,
1,080,000; Newhall and Ventura,
540,000: Summerland, 80,000; Santa
Maria, 750,000; Kern River, 17,500,
--000; Sunset and Midway, 376,000;
McKittrick, 1.660,000; Coallnga.
4,544,160; Sargents, 42,700; Half
moon Bay. 1000.
Jury Advises Company.
Coroner Leland held an Inquest yes
terday upon the body of Rudolph
Furrer, a boy of three years and six
months of age, who was killed by a
Mission street car on January 2.
There was evidence that the child lay
under the trucks of the car for a con
si deVable time before workmen ar
rived with the necessary tools to re
lease the body. The jury exonerated
the motorman from all blame and
suggested that the United Railroads
provide suitable afleans for lifting cars
in case of similar accidents.
THREE MONTHS FOR SANCHEZ.—United
Ststes District Judge de Haven yesterday
sentenced Juan Sanchez to three months' im
prisonment in the County Jail. Sanchea was
eMVtetfd of stealing a watch and a pair ot
shoes from the Presidio reservation.
1516
DESERTS WIFE
IN NEW YORK
Dr. Carl Graeb Comes Here
With Woman, Five Young
Children and Furniture
PLACED UNDER ARREST
AVronged Spouse Traces Him
and Asks Aid in Getting
Possession of Offspring
Dr. Carl Graeb, who is accused of
having deserted his wife in New York
last October and eloping with Mrs.
' Francisco Boda, a midwife, was arrest
ed here yesterday on a warrant issued
by Police Judge Cabaniss. The com
plaining witness is Officer W. H.
Young of the California Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children. The
arrest was made by Detectives Braig
and Sllvey.
Mrs. Graeb was left not only penni
less, but her five children, the oldest 15
and the youngest 4 years of age, were
taken by the husband. The house was
. stripped of all its furniture and effects
and even Mrs. Graeb's personal prop
erty, including her clothing, was packed
and forwarded to this city.
As soon as Mrs. Graeb learned that
her husband, accompanied by Mrs. Bo
da and the five children, had left for
this city, she determined to follow
them. On her arrival she consulted
Secretary White at the California So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children. Policeman Young was de
tailed to assist Mrs. Graeb in finding
the runaways. They were traced to 404
Third street, and from there to San
Jose. Mrs. Graeb arrived in San Jose
Just a day too late, and the search was
resumed in this city. They were finally
traced to 1829 Ellis street, where Dr.
Graeb and Mrs. Boda were living as
husband and wife. Mrs. Graeb met two
of her boys on the street on Tuesday
evening and they told her to keep out
of the way of their father, as he would
kill her. Mrs. Graeb laid her troubles
before Congressman Julius Kahn, and
' yesterday morning the warrant for Dr.
Graeb's arrest was obtained from Judge
Cabaniss. When the detectives went
to the house on Ellis street the woman
and the children had disappeared. Mrs.
Graeb is anxious to obtain possession of
the children and take them back with
her to New York. Yesterday afternoon
she got a search warrant from Judge
Cabaniss to recover possession of her
personal effects from the house on El
lis street.
Mrs. Graeb said her husband first
met Mrs. Boda seven years ago. At
that time he had a large practice in
New York. He became infatuated with
the woman, neglected his business and
was expelled from every society he was
connected with. He got the furniture
away by telling his wife they had to
leave their house and he would place
it in storage. Her husband, she says,
belongs to a wealthy family in Ger
many and he received a large remit
tance from his father's estate about
every six months. Just before he and
Mrs. Boda left he received a remit
tance of $1200. Mrs. Boda's husband
died about two years ago.
SUIT FOR SALVAGE.—George H. Emcr
■on, owner of the ateam tug Traveler, and
Hans K. Johnson, master, on behalf of them
selves and the crew, filed a libel In the
United States District Court yesterday against
the tug Redondo to recover salvage for sav
ing the Redondo off Grays Harbor on No
vember 24. They demanded $5200 from the
defendants, which the defendants refused to
pay.
TO AID ARMORY AND UNIFORM FUND.
Company B. First Regiment. League of the
Cross Cadets, have arranged to give their
annua! entertainment and dance ln Golden
Gate Hall, Thursday evening, February Id.
for the benefit of the armory and unl
form fund of the cadets.
BABY'S
DELIGHT
M Note's (oiirl
YsDAP*
And CUTICURA Ointment,
the great Skin Cure.
Not only are they the purest; sweetest, and
most effective for preserving, purifying,
and beautifying the Skin, Scalp, Hair, and
Hands of infants and children, but they
afford instant relief and refreshing sleep for
skin-tortured babies, and rest for tired
mothers, in the severest cases of torturing,
disfiguring, itching, burning, bleeding,
scaly, crusted, and pimply skin and scalp
humors, eczemas, rashes, and irritations,
with loss of hair, and are sure to succeed
when all else fails.
•aid throughout the world. Catlears Soap, iSt., Oint
ment.SOc, BaaolTent, Me. (in form of Choeo!»t« Oontil
Ml*, Ste. per Ttal of SO). Depoti: London, W Caarler
koaMSq.; P»rii, 5 Rue dc la Faix j Bottoa, 137 Colnmbui
A»«- Potur l>ruf k Chira. Corp., Soie Prep«.
■arSssd lor •• Ali About B*9l*l Skin, Scalp, «« liaii."
LAD'S BIG PHYSIQUE
DECEIVES GROCER.
FOURTEEN-YEAR-OLD WITH
SIZE AND VOICE 0E MAN
Easily Buys Flask of Whisky
Suspecting that Edward Riley,
grocer at Leavenworth and Glover
streets, respected neither the letter nSr
the spirit of the ordinance which pro
hibits the selling or giving of intoxi
cants to minors, Patrolman Flynn en
listed a 14-year-old lad to serve
as a decoy and thus rout or confirm
nis suspicion. The youth was pro
vided with money and instructed to
purchase a flask of spirituous liquor
4 1.
from Mr. Riley, which he did with
neatness and dispatch. Mr. Riley was
arrested, and in Police Judge Mogan's
court the bottle of whisky which he
had sold to the minor was produced
as Exhibit A for the prosecution.
"But wait till you see the boy,
Judge," said Mr. Riley. "If he ain't
the healthiest 14-year-old you ever
saw I'll plead guilty."
The boy stood about five feet eleven
inches in his shoes and his girth was
in proportion. Furthermore, his voice
was a deep, rich baritone. But his
age was vouched for. He will be
fifteen his next birthday.
Mr. Riley admitted having sold the
whisky, but alleged he did so under
the impression that he was selling It to
a young man whose age, as. indicated
by his appearance, might be aijywhere
from twenty to twenty-five years.
Business was brisk when the liquor
was called for, else the grocer might
have devoted more time to inspection
of the customer. To enhance his de
ception the youth had drawn his hat
over his eyes, thus hiding any evidence
of adolescence that might have been
afforded by his smooth forehead.
"Just look at; him for yourself.
Judge," Mr. Riley appealed, "and then
tell me if you'd ever suspect him of
being a minor."
After the Judge had commanded
the boy to put on his hat, and had
carefully noted the effect thus created,
the charge against Mr. Riley was dis
missed.
"That lad'll be a comfort to his par
ents when he grows up," remarked
Bailiff Hickey as the stalwart 14-year
old strode from the courtroom.
* * *.
Splitting of hairs was indulged in by
the attorney representing Gustav Ahl
stead, accused by Martha, his wife, of
mixing strychnine with ground coffee
at their home, 331 Jessie street, his evi
dent intent being to poison her.
It was absurd, the able advocate aT
gued, to Imagine that Mr. Ahlstead
could be held to answer for attempted
poisoning. The statute covering such
cases prescribes that the poison must
be placed in "food, drink or medicine,"
and as ground coffee was none of those
commodities it was clearly the duty of
Judge Mogan to dismiss the complaint.
If the strychnine had been placed in
brewed coffee —mark the distinction—
then Mr. Ahlstead might both legally
and logically be committed for trial on
the felony charge, because brewed cof
fee is food, whereas ground coffee is
not.
Ere the court had time to folly digest
the foregoing plea its author sprung
another one almost as unanswerable.
It was to the effect that Mrs. Ahlstead
was disqualified to testify against her
husband by the fact that he had not
subjected her to physical violence, and
the law specifically states that a wife
cannot prosecute her spouse for at
tempting her life unless physical vio
lence has been used by him.
His Honor wearily continued the case
till to-morrow.
• • •
Frank C. Miller, accused by his male
parent of disturbing the peace of their
home, 1153 McAllister street, by vio
lently enforcing his protest against the
sire's noisy method of partaking of
soup, will not be tried on the charge,
because the complaint has been with
drawn and domestic tranquillity re
stored.
Young Mr. Miller declares that his
father's asthma had nothing whatever
to do with the soup incident. Miller
pere had been drinking to excess, he
avers, and spluttered over the soup be
cause it was peppered too heavily to
suit his taste, and he warmly accused
Miller nls of having maliciously perpe
trated the peppering. Denial of the
impeachment only served to make the
old gentleman's table manners even
more objectionable, and his compulsory
retirement to the kitchen was accom
plished by the son in the interest of
etiquette, and not with intent to do him
I bodily harm. The elder Miller also as
; serts it was pepper, and not asthma,
j that compelled him to gurgle in his
j 80Up.
• • a
Minnie M. Seeger, accused of marrying
Pusilist Bobby Johnson ere the law had
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
severed her # union with Harry Seeger,
told Judge Mogan that she had good
reason to believe that Seeger was dead
when she again approached the altar,
but to be on the safe side of the law she
instituted proceedings for divorce and
"was not aware that her wedding to
Johnson was illegal.
"This woman's accuser," thundered
her attorney, "is one Ben G. Baddeley,
whom she accuses of being a train rob
ber and whom the police suspect of be
ing the murderer of an officer in Oak
land. Will "the court please remember
that?"
"This woman's accuser is not on trial
just now," responded the Judge, "and
it makes no difference what his charac
ter is if this woman has willfully com
mitted bigamy, as charged."
Then a continuance till to-morrow
was asked for and granted.
Frank Harris, who was shot in the
neck by W. R. Worthington one day
last week in the latter's home, 120 Sixth
street, appeared in Judge Conlan's
court to prosecute his assailant, in
which task he was enthusiastically
aided by the defendant's wife and her
mother, Mrs. Ethel Irwin. Worthing
ton considered his pistol* play justified
by Harris' undue attentions to Mrs.
Worthington, but both that lady and
her maternal relative declared that Mr.
Harris had never exceeded the limits
of strict decorum in his dealings with
either of them. It was true, Mrs. Irwin
confessed, that Mr. Harris had taken
herself and daughter to the theater on
several occasions, but surely there was
nothing improper about that. Nor
would she deny that since the shooting
Mr. Harris and they have resided in
the same house, 393 Sixth street, but
she hoped no wrong construction would
be placed upon that fact.
"Is it not also true, Mrs. Irwin."
asked Worthington's attorney, "that
this defendant found his wife and
Harris sitting side by side upon a
lounge and that their defiant treatment
of him provoked the shooting?"
"That lounge racket is all a He. and
well you know it is, young sir," was
the answer; delivered with great sever
ity.
Mrs. Worthington also pronounced
the shooting of Mr. Harris absolutely
unprovoked by anything either Mr.
Harris or herself had ever said or done.
"It was the defendant's jealousy of you
that led to the shooting, wasn't it?"
the prosecuting attorney inquired, en
couragingly.
"I guess it was," replied Mrs. Worth
ington; "but I'm sure I don't. know
how any one could be jealous of me."
And the ungallant advocate of the
people glanced at the lady's none-too
APVERTISEMEXTS.
* ANOTHER DISTINCTION AWARDED
THE HIGH QUALITY OF :
MOET & CHANDON
WHITE SEAL
CHAMPAGNE
By the enormous importations of
127,783 Cases
DURING 1904,
As per Custom-house statistics compiled by S. G. Allaire & Son,
3 S. William street, New York City, as follows:
m 1903 1904
MOET & CHANDON 102,098 127,783 cases
G. H. MUMM &CO 131,538 125,530 "
POMMERY & GRENO 38,502 25,428 "
RUINART : 24,033 20,432 "
CLICQUOT 19,317 18,646 "
LOUIS ROEDERER 11,276 12,026 44
PIPER HEIDSIECK 6,403 9,736 44
POL. ROGER 5,990 6,603 44
HEIDSIECK & CO.
DRY MONOPOLE 3,867 4,530 44
PERRIER JOUET 5,556 4,398 44
SUNDRIES 37,675 35.133 "
376,145 390,235 "
WILLIAM IA/OLFF & CO,
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS
Moet & Chandon White Seal and Brut Imperial Champagnes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1905.
TALK IN BEHALF
OF THE LABEL
Delegates of Bricklayers'
and Masons' Convention
Hear Labor Leaders Speak
GET FIXE PROGRAMMES
Resolutions Are Introduced
to Change and Enlarge
Constitution and By-Laws
«,
Miss* Emma Lanphere, organizer of
the Retail Clerks' Association, and Mr.
O'Dell of the Boot and Shoe Workers'
Union delivered addresses at yester
day's session of the Bricklayers' and
Masons* convention. They talked on
the object of the union label and its
benefits. If every union man who
makes a purchase would insist on get
ting union labeled goods much could be
accomplished. They asked the delegates
to help this cause and work among the
other members of the union for recog
nition of the stamp.
Beautiful souvenir programmes of
the convention were distributed among
the delegates. Tickets for the smoker
which was held last evening were giv
en to each member. The matter of em
ploying a stenographer to furnish mi
meograph copies of the minutes of the
meeting was acted upon favorably. Nu
merous resolutions were introduced in
regard to changing and enlarging the
scope of the constitution and by-laws.
They were referred to the committees,
and after being investigated reports
will be sent back to the convention.
A trolley ride has been planned for
Saturday. The delegates will take a
trip around the city visiting the Cliff
House. Seal Rocks and other points of
interest.
Handy Andy.
The Man of Good Intentions. He
proves a warm salesman in the Frozen
North. In next Sunday's Comic Sec
tion.
MINNESOTA'S FINK REMITTED. —The
fine of $100 heretofore imposed by the Col
lector of Customs uoon Captain Truebrldge
of the steamship Minnesota for failing to
have !<n official crew yst has been remitted
by permission of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
■ a> ■
Drop in and see some of the swell things we
print. Edward Knowles Co., 24 Second st. •
+ +
fascinating ensemble and murmured,
"And I'm sure I don't know, either."
The case against Mr. Worthington
was continued, and Charles Pedler and
Edward Doran, who were In the house
at the time of the shotting, were dis
charged. Mr. Harris and Mrs. Worth
ington departed arm-in-arm with Mrs.
Irwin trailing.
Worthington is a teamster and Har
ris has no regular vocation, but his
portrait is in the rogues' gallery and
he has served time for larceny.
a • *
Achille Bieji, accused of absconding
with $ft 4 held by him in trust as
treasurer of Aurora Grove, Order of
Druids, was dismissed by Judge Mo
gan, to whom it was represented that
the money had been refunded and that
the defendant had not really intended
to abscond, but had merely gone to
-Sonoma to investigate a desirable posi
tion which had been offered to him.
• • s
Walter Murphy was a consumptive
patient a month ago when he left Ire
land, ran the gauntlet of the New York
immigration authorities and came to
San Francisco in quest of a brother.
He had very little money when he ar
rived here, and inability to And his
brother did not contribute to his peace
of mind, as he needed funds to pay for
his living and could not obtain employ
ment, even if his health had permitted
him to work. That was how he came
to be arrested for deliberately smash
ing a window of a Third-street car. He
requested the conductor to give him
into custody, as he wanted to rest, to
eat and to sleep, which he could not
do elsewhere than in jail.
Judge Mogan has the poor fellow's
case under consideration. The lost
brother may be In Los Angeles, but the
prisoner has no means of reaching
there even if he were at liberty to
travel.
HICKEY CLUBS
DEAD TO LIFE
An Inebriate Who Is Laid
Out on a Slab at Morgue
Receives Rude Awakening
*
ARRESTS THE CORPSE
Hector McClain Comes Back
! From the Beyond and Is
Escorted to .City Prison
•
A corpse awakened at the Morgue
! yesterday and was arrested for being
dead. Bailiff Hickey performed the
miracle with his club.
Nobody seems to know how the lively
dead man came to be reposing on one
of the slabs. He was Hector McClain
before he was officially declared dead
and labeled John Doe.
Olaf Olson, a mariner, wandered into
the mortuary looking for the remains
of a shipmate who had gone to Davy
Jones. Olaf bared his head respect
fully as he gazed upon the placid
i countenance of McClain. Just as he
was about to drop a tear he heard
something that sounded like a snore.
"Yimminey," muttered Olaf and his
hair adjusted itself into a pompadour.
He realized that ln the last sleep there
is no snoring.
The marble cold lips of McClain
opened. "Whisky," murmured the
sepulchral voice.
With a yell Olson darted into the
Central police station and staggered
into the arms of Bailiff Hickey. "There
bay a daid man at the Morgue who
wants some whisky," he panted.
"Come and show me," ordered
Hickey.
"I tank Ay better not," said Olson.
i "Ay tank Ay go away." And Olaf
j swung through the door on a port tack
I with all canvas spread.
j Hickey entered the chamber of silence
and looked at the placid features of
McClain. An irreverent fly alighted
; upon the nose of the deceased. The
i corpse raised Ks hand and smote the
I insect.
Bailiff Hickey drew his club and
struck the departed over the soles of j
the feet. "Lemme 'lone," complained
j the remains. But Hickey conducted
the corpse to the City Prison, where it j
I waa charged with being drunk. Had it !
not been for Olson's discovery McClain
might have been interred at the ex
pease of the city.
—
BIGGEST MUSICAL INSTRUMENT
MANUFACTURER IN THE WORLD
i
Forms Alliance With Largest Music
House on the Coast.
Probably the most important deal ever
I consummated in local piano circles has
! just been announced by the Weber Piano
; Company of New York City,
j This is the company which recently
' furnished so much talk throughout the
| piano world, both in this country and
' abroad, when it united interests with the
Aeolian and Pianola Company of Xew
York, thereby forming a single corpora
'■ tion with a capital of $11,000,000, and
bringing into and under its control the
following named musical instruments: m
The Pianola, the Aeolian, the Orches
trelle. the Aeolian Pipe Organ, the Weber
Pianola Piano, the Weber Piano, the
Wheelock Piano, the Stuyvesant Piano,
the Wheelock Pianola Piano, the Steck
; Pianola Piano and the Aeolian Pianola
Piano. „
This company is the largest manufac
; turer of musical instruments in the
i world, operating factories and owning
houses in New York City, London, Paris,
Berlin and Australia, #
The agency ot such a company is nat
l urally regarded the most desirable that
can be obtained in the musical trade, and
the matter of selecting an agency to rep
| resent this company on the coast has
L been given most careful consideration.
The first matter up for consideration
lin the choosing of a representative was
that of general standing and reputation.
Such a company as the Aeolian, Weber
Piano and Pianola Company, which is
the style of name assumed by the "mer
gered" interests, and whose instruments
are the standards of their type through
out the world, could afford only to be
represented by a concern of unquestioned
integrity in the trade.
This question settled, and the course
to be pursued largely remained a matter
of determining If that concern command
ed sufficient capital and possessed ade
quate facilities for handling the largest
volume of trade.
Kohler & Chase may well feel proud of
having been appointed to such a promi
i nent place in the music trade. No greater
| compliment could possibly be paid them,
I and it has been justly and fairly earned.
The house of Kohler & Chase was
! founded in IRSO. It was ot;tablished in
the same month of the year and only one
year after, the admission of California
into the States of the Union. Active, un
relenting toil of more than fifty years in
business has surely brought its reward—
the securing of the most valuable
agency in the musical trade.
Yonr pemlstent, annoying cougb
will disappear if you use Piso's Cure. 25c. •
* <m> »
WANT SEWERS EXTENDED. —A petition"i
signed by numerous residents and property 1
owners of Precita Valley was filed yesterday j
with the Supervisors that sufficient funds be !
appropriated to extend the Harrison street j
sewer from Precita avenue to Army street, !
Yorke street from Twenty-sixth to Army and
Hampshire street sewer from Twenty-sixth to
Army, thereby doing away with the disease
breeding swamp so often complained of.
ADVERTISEMENTS. |
dont
j ■ I
Don't simply "get a bottle j
of cough medicine." Get I
Good cough medicine. Ask!
your druggist for
Irish Moss Cough Balsam
and you will have the best, I
the kind that cures in a day.
It costs you no more than
the thousand and one un
known kinds that the dealer
tries to sell you because of.
larger profits. I
HALF/S. | .„
Black Sateen Petticoats
(Made especially for Hale's to sell)
At 69c To=Day
.Generously, perfectly made,
to-day.
Other unusual values at 95c, $1.25, $1.50, and some splendid petticoat*,
extra large sizes, at $1-95
-36 An. Bleached Muslin, 5c
It's a good, soft muslin, free from dressing, a regular 7 1 /ic
quality.
It's the first news Hale's sheet and pillow case sale sends
out this mdrning.
, To-day brings another opportunity for big users and small
users alike to share unusual economies.
Take these 81x90 bleached sheets at 6ac; full double bed size, of
extra good muslin. The prices are less than wholesale cost because the
mill calls them seconds. 81x9354. 63c; 90x108, at 78c.
And Pillow Cases, size 43x36. at 12c bleached, same quality aa the sheets;
45x36, at 14o; 54x36, at 17c.
And here's Crash Toweling- at So yard, 17 inches wide, bleached, heavy, all
linen. $2.00 Napkins at 81.48 dozen, bleached, all linen, size 21x21.
Tennis Flannel at Yard
Because they're mill ends, long enough for any use you can hare
for them. Light and dark colors, stripe patterns, splendid for chil
dren's wear and night gowns. 10c tennis flannel at 6#c.
! ~ r~ ° Van Deusen cake molds make
TT , A , , 1 1 better cakes. Demonstrations
Haven t you been bunkoed .
yet? You're a good player. downstairs to-day.
For the point of the new game is - /Bf
not to get bunkoed. 50c. Hale's, ljk%d£Ldm IF
third floor. Mr ,^Wffr
P. S. — Every card in Bird Cen- MP Mr tmSSBBf <JSIP
ter Etiquette has an original Jm -~<J/ mM
drawing by McCutcheon. - ttCT "<ai_'™ fc <rfi thmo****^*^
NOTE GIVEN FOR LOSSES
AT CRAP GAME NOT VALID
H. T. Brickell, Who Borrowed His
Own Money Several Times, Wins
Suit tor Payment.
Judge Troutt. in a written opinion
given yesterday, sustains the law that
a note given as a promise for pay
ment of a gambling debt is not a valid
debt. William Schmalz, who sued H.
T. Brickell for $2705 04, is the con
structive loser by the decision, al
though Brickell is really out $250,
which he dropped in a crap game in
October, 1903. The plaintiff is a
pawnbroker. The game was played ln
a room adjoining his shop, which was
occupied by his sub-tenant, named
Peters, the banker of the game. When
the dice began to roll Brickell had
$250 of his own money. When that
was gone he rapped on the partition
and asked for a loan from the pawn
broker. Schmalz borrowed the money
which Brickell had lost from the
banker and took a due bill. This
process was repeated several times
during four or five hours and Brickell
borrowed his original capital enough
times to run the total up to $2600, for
which he was asked to give a prom
issory note. Then he refused to pay
and was sued for the principal and in
terest. As a defense Brickell set up
the law against gambling and against
debts contracted in play as against
public policy and good morals. The
law specifically provides that money
lent or advanced at the time or place
of the betting shall not be a legal
debt.
Do You Want a Trunk
At a moderate price, one that looks good
and is good? Made of genuine bass
wood, brass trimmed, with leather straps
and two trays. It is a leader in our
trunk department and the price Is $8.00.
We have a special suit case also, at
$5.50. that is equally as good and cheap.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Opera Baggage Held Up.
Customs Collector Stratton yester
day notified E. Patrizi, manager of
the Tivoli opera company, that he
would be required to give a bond on
159 pieces of baggage belonging to
the company brought from Mexico.
The Collector acted upon a telegram
from the Collector at El Paso, notify
ing him that the baggage had been
passed inadvertently without exami
nation. The opera people informed
their broker that the baggage men
tioned had been regularly examined
by customs inspectors at El Paso, and
they were at a loss to know why the
Collector at that point had denied
that such had been done.
To Visit San Francisco
Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like visiting Europe without seeing Par
is. It is a leading feature of San Francis
co, and Is the most beautiful Jewelry
store in the world. Visitors or purchas
ers are equally welcome. 221 Montgom
ery street, between Bush and Pine. •
LUTHERAN CHURCH JUBILEE.—The
members of St. Paul's IXangelical Lutheran
Church, 1410 Howard street, will celebrate
a jubilee feast on Friday night, January 13,
on the occasion of the tenth anniversary of
the founding of the church by the Rev. Paul
Brunke. I-ast November the mortgage on the
church was paid off, when there was much
re.' icing. BeslCes a special musical pro
gramme there will be addresses by the Rev.
,T. Kroehnke. pastor cf St. John's Lutheran
Church, the Rev. J. Irion of Petaluma and
tho Rev. Mr. Branke.
Floating spots before the Eyes, dimness
of vision, weak eyes, cured by Murine
Eye Remedies, A home cure for Eyes. •
ZIMMERMAN GOES FREE.—Fred Zim
merman, a suspected crook, was released from
the City Prison yesterday by the Supreme
Court on a writ of habeas corpus. The de
fendant was taken into custody by the police
In the hone that he might subsequently be
connected with recent robberies in this city
and Oakland. No charge was placed against
him.
REFUSES TO ISSUE ORDER.—The peti
tion of Ellen Do re that the Mayor and the
Bct'.rd of Suiiervisors of San Fmnclsco be
compelled to allow her to cfbee a cul de sac
oil Beach street was dented Mr the Supreme
Court yesterday. The merits of the case were
not taken into consideration, as it Is held
that tr.ere is no reason for making the case
an original proceeding in the State's highest
court.
SLAVONIC ILLTRIC SOCIETY. —The fol
lowing have been Installed aa the officers of
the Slavonic Illyric Society for the current
term: G. M. Santic. president: P. P. Tor
nich. vloe president; M. Bllater. treasurer;
J. Bllafer, recording secretary: A. Jeltch,
financial secretary; J. 8. Sorlch, conductor;
8. Hamovicb, sergeant-at-arms; Jakov Rue
i tan, L. Gergurovlcb, A. Sambuk. A. J
fiorlch, trustees.
Want Injunction Dissolved.
In the suit of Dix W. Smith against
the Sunset Mining Company, in which
it was charged that the management
had misapplied funds, paid dividends
out of the receipts of treasury stock
and permitted judgments for debts to
be taken against the company in or
der to gain possession of the Old
Glory mine in Butte County, affidavits
were filed yesterday by G. W. Rumble
and H. A. Hardinge in support of a
motion for the dissolution of an in
junction and against the application
for a receiver for the property. The
two deny the allegations and charges
of conspiracy and say that the injunc
tion, which prevents the working of
the mine, has occasioned a loss of
$800 a month and that had operations
continued the profits would have been
$4000 a month by now. It is declared
that the workings are being ruined by
the inactivity.
Gadski Seat Sale Opens This Morning.
The sale of seats for Madame Gadski's faro
well popular-priced concert at the Alhambra
Theater opens this morning: at Sherman, Clay
A Co.'s at 9 o'clock:. A most delightful pro
gramme will be presented. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
39 STOCKTON ST., NEAR HJUUCBT
TBUP»oanE maxet essa
All genuine bargains from top to bottom
of the list; our guarantee- goes with the
entire line of our goods; try It and see.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
SPECIALS*
Creamery Butter per ssf 95e
Fresh and sweet, of course
Fancy Ranch Eggs. par dox 98a
Nothing better.
Peta/uma Cold Storage per dox 90c
Eastern Sugar-Cared Bacon. .per lb 16c
Reg. 20c. Don't miss this sal*.
English Walnuts 2 lbs for 25c
Small, but sweat.
Havel Oranges per dox 20c
Fancy, large fruit.
Seif-Baising Buckwheat Flour...pkg 20c
Just right tor the griddle. Bag. 250.
Log Cabin Maple Syrup—
Pint*. Quarts. % Sjl tins.
Special SO© 350 «•
Regular 28c 400 7Bc _ w
Goes nice with grlddl* cakes these eoia
mornings.
Canned reaches and Apricots. 2 J°r. 2se
Good California product. Rag- 200
Fairbanks Cottolene—2. 4. 10 lb tins
Special 220 4*e flap
Regular .... 30c «c *1, „
Ideal Coal Oil s Z gal £"J ' 10
High test and odorless. Reg. »- LZO
-o.d Crow 80urb0n ..... bot 85c. gal 53.50
High grade family whisky. Reg. 1118.
Coo/nef Cockta's •• •/>f bot 75c
Whisky, Manhattan, Martini and Gin.
Reg. *1.00.
Jamaica Bum per bot 75c
Reg. $i 00.
McAllister Scotch .... • *5c
Hot drinks in season now. Reg. Silo.
Hto/f • Wine . per gal 40c
A pleasant, healthful drink. Reg. 80c
Eastern Sweet Cider per gal 40c
The last for this season. Reg. 50c.
INFANTS/gvJNVALIDS^
Colic and stomach troubles are avoid
ed by using Mellin's Food for the
baby. Mellin's Food being soluble,
easily digested and very nourishing,
Mellin's Food babies are free from
colic and stomach troubles. Try a
bottle of Mellin's Food and prove it
to your own satisfaction.
We will send you a sample of Mellin's Food
free of charge.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS*