VOLUME XCVII—NO. 35.
STOESSEL'S
MEN BEING
CARED FOR
Steamship Hurries to
Port Arthur With
Food.
British Hospital Stall Is
Sent on an Errand ol
Mercj.
toss of Portress Only Stirs Russia to
Renewed Energy in Prosecuting
the War.
PORT ARTHUR, Jan. 4.—The Etze,
fentze and Taiyangkow forts were
taken over by the Japanese at noon
to-day. The Russian prisoners of war
"will march out of Port Arthur on
Thursday.
WEIHAIWEI, Jan. 4.—The British
Stean ship Andromeda sailed for Port
Arthur this morning, carrying a large
quantity of medical supplies, appli
ances and comforts for the Russian
tick and wounded.
The Andromeda had on board two
surgeons, nearly the entire staff of the
Government hospital and eighty tons
of stores, including 350 beds and 100,000
pounds of provisions. Her cargo was
rushed aboard last night following the
receipt of official permission to sail on
the errand of mercy.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan 4, 2:40 a. m.
The flood of telegrams from abroad
bringing talk of peace stirs only resent
ment in official circles here, and even
many liberals, who are urgently press
ing the Government for reforms,
aroused by the dreadful story of hero
ism and suffering of the Port Arthur
garrison, declare emphatically against
any cessation of hostilities until Rus
sia's honor Is vindicated by a victory in
Manchuria,
Equal resentment Is aroused by for
eign criticism of General Stoessel -for
flowing up the ships in the harbor and
destroying the town of Port Arthur
when he could no longer defend them.
Admiration here for the heroic de
fense is mingled with wonder how Gen
f:al Stoessel continued to hide the true
jnditions from the world.
Emperor Nicholas has already grant
ed General Stoessel's request that his
officers be allowed to give their parole.
In Russia for the moment the people
seem to have forgotten all their differ
ences in the common grief. The revolu
tionists, who had intended to mark the
event with demonstrations, evidently
found the moment inopportune, and
no disturbance was reported anywhere
In Russia.
Sails With Submarine Boats.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., Jan. B.—
The German steamship Adria sailed
for Hamburg to-day with two of the
Lake submarine boats, which are said
to be consigned to the Russian Gov
ernment. The delay in the ship's sail
ing has been explained. The vessel was
held up by an agent of the under
writers, who insisted upon the sub
marines being more securely fastened
to the decks.
No Prospects of an Armistice.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 3. —The
report < irrulated in St Petersburg to
The effect that an armistice is assured
before the end of the week is not con
firmed in official circles.
War News Continued on Page 2.
AMERICAN WILL
WED PRINCESS
Clifford Egan, Son of Rich
Manufacturer, to Marry
a Daughter of Portugal
Special DUrpatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Jan. 3.—Unless the
'preliminary negotiations fall through,
another international marriage is im
minent in the family of Thomas P.
Kgan, the millionaire manufacturer of
Cincinnati. This time it is his son,
Clifford Egan, who, quite after the
manner of the most approved up-to
date novel, is likely to carry off from
her native land, a foreign girl of title,
one even of royal blood.
Last spring when young Egan was
in Honolulu it happened that a pretty
Portuguese girl was. stopping at the
Karme hotel. They fell in love, but Egan
did not know until after he had pro
posed that she was a Portuguese Prin
cess. She accepted and arrangements
for the marriage are now under way.
Ejcan's daughter married Signor Ves
sella, the Italian violinist.
THREE MEN SAID TO HAVE
BEEN KILLED IN DUEL
Reports From Goldiield of a Bloody
Tragedy Neur the Mining
Town.
• OOLDFIELD, Nev., Jan. 3.—Conflict
ing reports have been received here to
the effect that "Jack" May and "Jack"
Longstreet, both widely known frontier
characters of Nevada, were killed and
a third man fatally wounded in a gun
fight that occurred several days ago in
the Kawich range, sixty miles east of
Ooldfield and the scene of the latest
*old excitement.
THE WEATHER.
Forecast mad* at San Francisco for
thirty hours ending midnight. Janu
ary 4:
Ban Eranoleoo and vicinity—Fair
Wednesday; light northeast wind*.
A. O. McADIE,
IMatrict Forecaster.
EXTENSIVE
LAND FRAUDS
IN IDAHO
Prominent Persons
Involved in a
Syndicate,
Case Laid Before Federal
Officers and Action Will
Be Taken.
Puter Resents Statements of Mitchell of
Oregon and Gives Damaging Evi
dence Against the Senator.
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.—Extensive
land frauds are now under investiga
tion in Idaho, and the statements made
by the officers here and the men from
that State disclose frauds more far
reaching even than those In Oregon.
The investigation was started last
week by order of President Roosevelt,
who received affidavits from Idaho,
through Senator Dubois. These affi
davits are four In number and were
sent to Senator Dubois by Fred D.
Culver of Lewiston, Idaho, who was a
candidate for Attorney General of that
State on the Democratic ticket two
years ago.
Rumors have been in circulation to
day involving Important persons in
Washington, but Senator Dubois made
a positive statement to-night that no
Important Washington names are in
cluded in the affidavits, and that the
only persons- mentioned, so far as he
knew, are in Idaho.
The affidavits now in the President's
hands charge that a syndicate is in
existence in Idaho, created for the pur
pose of acquiring by illegal means tim
ber lands from the Government by
false entries, the same as in Oregon.
The persons named In the affidavits
are W. F. Kehenbach, president of a
trust company; George H. Kester,
cashier of a bank, and Clarence Rob
nett, all of. Lewiston, Idaho.
It is said In the affidavits that more
than $1,000,000 worth of land has been
taken from the Government by means
of false entries.
Inasmuch as the accused men are
personal friends of Senator Dubois,
the latter finds the situation embar
rassing.
Secretary Hitchcock, to whom the
affidavits were referred by the Presi
dent, instituted the investigation. In
formation sent to the Interior Depart
ment charges that frauds have been
perpetrated at the Land Office at Boise,
as well as Lewiston, and it is Intimat
ed that the Inquiry when fairly start
ted will reach out In many directions
and many prominent citizens of Idaho
may become entangled.
Within the past three weeks over
1500 patents on timber and homestead
lands in the Roseburg (Or.) Land Of
fice, covering about 380,000 acres of
land, have been held up at the Interior
Department, pending investigation.
Roseburg Is the home of Representa
tive Hermann, who was recently in
dicted by the Grand Jury in connection
with? alleged land frauds.
HENEY TO CONTINUE WORK.
Fresh indictments are being prepared
In Portland, Or., where the Grand Jury
will resume its sessions during this
week, and persons prominent In public
life, other than those whose names al
ready have been Implicated, are In
volved. The mission of Oliver E. Pagin.
the assistant attorney in the Depart
ment of Justice, who left here some
days ago for Portland, Is to assist in
the framing of new indictments, a
work in which he figured conspicuously
during the postal Investigation a couple
of years ago.
Pagin is expected to return here in
time to take part in the presentation
of the Government's position before the
Supreme Court of the United States in
the Hyde-Benson case, which the Gov
ernment appealed to that body after
the discharge of the leading defendants
on habeas corpus proceedings brought
in New York. This case probably will
be heard next month.
No successor to United States Dis
trict Attorney Hall, who was recently
removed, has yet been selected, and It
Is expected that Francis J. Heney will
remain in charge of the Government's
Interests In the pending proceedings at
Portland.
PORTLAND, Jan. 3.—The chief of
the minor conspirators convicted of
carrying on fraud against the Govern
ment, S. A. D. Puter, issued a state
ment to-day in which he reiterates
the charge that Senator Mitchell re
ceived $2000 from him to rush through
certain claims. His statement is-given
in answer to the charge made by the
Senator that he had been indicted on
the word of self-confessed rascals and
perjurers. Puter also paid his respects
to Senator Fulton, who came out in
an interview recently calling Puter a
perjurer. Puter said:
"When I said that I gave Mitchell
52000 to use his influence with Binger
Hermann to expedite those land claims
I told the truth, and Senator Mitchell
knows it. According to Mitchell's
statements, I am a man who would
deliberately perjure a man's liberty
away. I will say that a man who
would willingly go on a witness stand
and perjure himself to rob another man
of his liberty is deserving of and ought
to receive the severest kind of punish
ment.
"I gave Senator Mitchell $2000 to get
those patents through, and I will say
that I never regretted telling anything
so much in my life as the fact that
Mitchell took that money. I never
told a living soul in my life before
I gave the details to Mr. Heney. I
never told it to McKinley or Tarpley,
my partners in these deals.
HERMANN'S PART IN DEAL.
"Mitchell had no Intimation from me
THE San Francisco CALL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EIGHTEEN PAGES—SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 4, 1905-PAGES 1 to 12.
FISK'S FIGHT FOR THE TOGA
WORRIES OTHER ASPIRANTS
EMBRACES
RELIGION
OF CHRIST
Dowager Empress o!
Cliina Is a Con
vert.
Minister Conger and Wile
Claim to Have Won Her
to Christianity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIOUX CITY, lowa. Jan. 3—That the
Dowager Empress of China has been
converted to Christianity through the
influence of United States Minister E.
H. Cor.ger and his wife, who have lived
almost eight years in Peking; that she
has given substantial promises that her
conversion should be announced in the
most public way before Minister Con
ger shall leave Peking, and that she
will, following this announcement, take
steps toward the inauguration of a
great era of reforms in the empire, are
the claims put forth for Minister Con
ger by relatives and friends who have
recently received letters from Peking.
Christian Science friends of the Con
gers in lowa claim it all as a great
victory for Christian Science.
It will be recalled that whin th*
diplomats were besieged In Peking,
during the Boxer uprising four years
ago. Christian Science throughout the
world organized a conspiracy of prayer
for the colony of diplomats, the Con
gers being converts to that cult. When
the legationers were at last rescued
the claim was boldly advanced that it
was in answer to the prayers of the
Scientists, or, rather, the result of the
overpowering rush of thought waves
in their direction, which had hurled off
the unthinking barbarians.
Since then the Congers have become
very friendly with the Dowager and
Mrs. Conger has often been given pri
vate audiences with the old woman.
As a result, it is said, the Dowager
Empress has been converted to Chris
tianity and has promised great things.
Minister Conger believes that as a
result of the casting of her tremendous
power and ability into the scale on the
side of progressiveness, China will open
it? gates to Christian people, ideas and
institutions; that the empire will rap
idly be christianized and, in short, that
there is just dawning" a day of rehabili
tation for China, which will compare
only to the regeneration of Japan since
1854, when the ancient empire was
transformed Into a thoroughly modern
power.
China is to go through the same pro
cess, under the lead of a Christian
dynasty, if the Congers have not been
misled.
as to the fraudulent character of the
entries to this land. When Hermann
gave me to understand that the land
was down and out and that the matter
would have to be referred back to
the Oregon City Land Office I went to
Senator Mitchell and told him that
these patents would have to go through
for the reason that If they were re
ferred back to the original office the
whole thing would be lost. I told him
that the entrymen were scattered and
that it would be impossible to get them
together again.
"I laid two $1000 bills on the table.
Mitchell said that It was too much. I
was desperate over a desire to get the
patents through, and told him to take
the money, go over and see Hermann
and have him take the claims up for
consideration, and under no circum
stances to allow them to go back to
the local office.
"All I know about Hermann is that
after the money was paid to Mitchell
and I had given him that Inducement
to make a good hard talk, Hermann
changed his mind. Why he did it I
don't know and wouldn't presume to
say."
"Did you know Mitchell before you
went to Washington?" was asked.
"Yes, I had known him for a long
time."
"And Hermann?"
"Yes."
"What about this letter of introduc
tion from Mays? Why was it writ
ten?"
LETTER TROM MAYS.
"I'll tell you about that letter. Be
fore I left. for Washington I went to
Mays and told him I was going back
to see the Senator about those lands
that I had had so much trouble about
and that a few lines from him would
help the case. He sat down and wrote
a few lines, put it in an envelope and
sealed it up. I delivered it to Senator
Mitchell without seeing it. I don't
know that it was a letter of introduc
tion. I didn't ask for a letter of intro
duction and, an he knew that I was
acquainted with Mitchell, I can see
no reason why he should write a letter
of introduction. He probably wrote
something else.
"Senator Fulton assumes that I am
a self-confessed perjurer and gives out
interviews about me," continued Puter,
"and he has no business to do that kind
of thing. Charlie Fulton had better
look to himself and be careful. He was
attorney for me once In connection
with some land matters and Judge
Mcßride threw the case out of court
for the reason that it had no standing.
Fulton accepted my money as attorney
in the case, although it couldn't stand
in court."
Anxious Candidatesfor Senator and 7 heir Fnenas
Fear Possible Dejection in Snpport by Uegis/ators
Flint Votes Said
to Be Going to
Postmaster.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 3. —No man of the many
who want it can yet claim the toga
that Is here to be won. The situation
is an unusual one, for none of the
powers that are supposed to make
Senators has definitely announced Its
desire, though the railroad is well, or,
in other words, largely represented in
the camp of Frank P. Flint. There is
much speculation as to what will be
the outcome of the fteht, and all of
this speculation only leads to the con%
elusion that no man has a walkover,
and each of the candidates In the field,
Bard, Flint, Knight, Oxnard and Fisk,
has a right to the claim the friends
of each are making that none of the
five can be counted out of the fight.
It is rumored around the lobbies to*
night that Fisk has captured five or
six of Flint's votes and that there is
much scurrying in the Los Angeles
camp in consequence. It is the opinion
that Fisk is likely to succeed to the
Perkins vote —to the support of those
men that have followed the political
fortunes of the senior Senator from
California —but with what result can
only be conjectured.
The story goes to-night that Ruef's
name will not be presented as a
candidate for the Senate. If this
opinion proves to be well founded it
will release several votes, and these,
it is believed, will go to Fisk, whose
announcement that he is in a recep
tive mood is evidently being seriously
HERRIN'S AGENTS.
George A. Knight's friends are vexed
at the attitude of Herrin's avowed
agents. When the fight opened it was
understood that Herrin was going to
keep his hands off and that he had an
nounced to several candidates that they
could enter the fight without fear of
hammering from the railroad forces
when the day for the vote drew close.
Knight still adheres to the belief that
Herrin has not broken faith, but in
common with his friends he is unable
to explain the presence here and the
activity on behalf of Flint of Jere
Burke, Walter Parker, "Johnny" Lynch
and "Johnny" McKenzle, known and
noted agents of Herrin.
MEN OF PROMINENCE SEEN
ABOUT THE LOBBIES IN THE
CAPITAL, CITY.
Knight Anxious About
the Position of
Railroad.
Even though he adheres to the opin
ion that Herrin has not broken faith,
Knight frankly admits that the South
ern Pacific holds In its possession a
gold brick of exceeding beauty that it
is going to hand either to him or to
Flint, to which he will not even hazard
a guess.
"But," says Knight in conclusion, "if
I get the gold brick I guess I can stand
it better than Flint." Just how he
could stand the yellow package better
than Flint he does not explain.
The views of the candidates that Her
rin has the gold brick ready for pre
sentation is shared by the onlookers
here, though it is generally agreed that
the activity of Herrin's agents on be
half of Flint must inevitably lead to an
acquisition of strength by Bard.
RAILROAD INTERFERENCE.
There are many here who want the
toga to go to the southern portion of
the State, and will fight to see that it
goes there, that do not favor railroad
interference, so it is conjectural as to
whether the manipulations of Burke,
McKenzie, Parker and Lynch, notwith
standing the force they represent, are
going to carry the day. •
Allegations that Speaker Prescott is
using his power to name committee
chairmen to further the interest of
Flint with the full knowledge of Gov
ernor Pardee are .being made by the
friends of the other Senatorial candi
dates, and these appointments are be
ing watched with great interest by
them. The most important committee
of the House for which a chairman has
Continued on Page 8, Column 1. .
Give Democrats
Share of the
Patronage.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 3.—Legislation
of much moment to the Democrats
was enacted at the session of the As
sembly held this morning. A resolu
tion fathered by Cromwell giving to
each of the four lonesome Bourbon
Assemblymen the same amount of
patronage, $10 a day, enjoyed by the
Republican members was adopted. A
point of order was raised that this was
not a subject for the House in regular
session to deal in, but a matter to be
handled in Republican caucus. The
point was waived, however, and the
resolution carried unanimously.
None of the Bourbon four rose to
win for himself a crown of virtue and
a halo, together with the acclaim of
the people, by declaring he would have
none of the State's money to scatter
to the winds and the New Year will
bring happiness to a few at least of
the faithful ones who followed the
Democratic banner.
The Assembly ordered the Gov
ernor's message printed, adopted a
few routine resolutions and adjourned
until 11 o'clock to-morrow morning.
Speaker Prescott, it is said by those
close to him, has his hardest nut to
crack in the way of committee chair
manships in that of the Judiciary
Committee. The heads of the other
committees have practically all been
decided on, but there are a half-dozen
applicants for the Judiciary chairman
ship, each one a personal friend of
General Prescott, and each with some
claim for preferment.
WALSH IN" THE LEAD.
"The contest has narrowed down to
three men," said one of the Assembly
men, "Houser, Duryea and Walsh, with
the last named looking as the winner.
Houser can hardly get the place, as
Stanton has been made chairman of
the Ways and Means Committee and
it would hardly do to give both the
two most important chairmanships in
the House to the south. Duryea is an
old member and stands well with the
Speaker, but Walsh, also a member of
the last House, is the man at present.
General Prescott is lying awake
nights over this contest."
Assemblyman Moore is going to in
troduce a bill that will create comment
and strike a blow at an industry that
he thinks is assuming undesirable
prominence—that of slaughtering hu
man beings to inherit their wealth.
The bill will provide that no person
Continued on Page 3, Column S.
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— * 'Old Heldelber*."
CALIFORNIA—"Ton Ton ion."
COLUMBIA—"SuItan of Sulu."
CENTRAL—"ChiId Slaves of Maw
York." '
CWOTES—Vaudeville.
FISCHER'S —Vaudeville.
GRAND —"The Darling of the Qoda,"
MAJESTIC—"HeId by the Enemy."
ORPHEUM—Vaudeville. Matinea to
day.
TTVOLI— "Bag Dodo."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Executive Sends
Names of His
Appointees.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 3.—Governor
Pardee's message has been read, tech
nically speaking, to the Senate, and
his views of the duties of the present
Legislature are being discussed by the
members of both houses. The Senate
convened this morning at 11 o'clock
and after prayer had been offered by
the chaplain, the sergeant at arms an
nounced that the Governor's message
had arrived. It was ordered read by
the President, whereupon Leavitt
msved that as a copy of the document
had been handed to each member of
the Senate and of the press this
formality be dispensed with. Presi
dent Anderson said that he wished it
to appear of record that the document
had been read and ordered that at least
the introductory paragraphs be recit
ed by the secretary. This took but a
moment and the Governor's messaK*
was declared read into the record. The
Governor's messajre in full is to be
found in a special supplement issued
by The Call.
Following the technical reading of
the message a further communication
from the chief executive calling for
confirmation by the Senate of appoint
ments he has made since the last ses
sion of the Legislature was read:
Muenter offered a resolution provid
ing for the appointment of a com
mittee of three on contingent expenses
and mileage. Muenter, Leavitt and
Emmons were appointed. Woodward
presented a resolution providing that
each bill introduced amending an ex
isting bill shall have the new portion
underscored and the portion of the old
law to be amended inclosed in brack
ets, providing, however, that the
amendment shall not be in the nature
of an added section, in which case it
shall not be underscored. Woodward,
Belshaw and Sanford were appointed
a special committee to consider the
resolution more fully and to report
back to the Senate to-morrow.
The Senate then adjourned until 11
o'clock to-morrow.
MRS. CAMPBELL
BADLY INJURED
English Actress Falls and
Fractures a Kneecap While
Entering Her Carriage
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 3-Mrs Pat
rick Campbell, the English actress,
fractured a kneecap to-night, the result
of a fall while entering a carriage to
go to the Broad-street Theater. She
was removed to the University of Penn
sylvania Hospital. Months may elapse,
the doctors say, before she will be able
to walk. The remainder of her Ameri
can tour will be abandoned.2
FLAG OF JAPAN
SLAV OFFICERS
TO BE PAROLED
NOGI'S TERMS ARE GENEROUS
Diplomats in Tokio Expect Early Movement
Toward Bringing War to an End.
TOKXO, Jan. 3.—The Japanese army
. took possession of a number of fort
resses at Port Arthur to-day. The Rus
sian officers and civil officials will be
permitted to return to Russia upon
giving their parole. The oflcers will be
allowed to retain their side arms. The
Russian soldiers and sailors at Port Ar
thur will come to Japan as prisoners.
By.permission of the Japanese, Gen
• era] Stoessel to-day sent a cable mes
sage to the Emperor of Russia. The
message recites the fact that the Port
Arthur commander was. forced to sur
render, announces the terms granting
the officers' parole and asks the Em
peror to gend his commands.
Comment in navel circles here upon
General Stoessel's action in destroying
the Russian warships and attempting
to choke the entrance to the harbor of
Port Arthur and dispatching the tor
pedo-boat destroyers to Che'fu subse
quent to his offer to surrender the fort
lesa is directly opposite to the opinions
t-Xiiresßed in the local papers, the Jlji
and the Nichi-Nlchi. A member of the
naval staff said to-day that if he had
been in General Stoessel's place he
would have been compelled to act in a
. similar manner, and, further, that If
General Stoessel had been a Japanese
• he prbbably would have committed sui
cide after dispatching the destroyers
and blowing up the ships remaining in
port. He expressed the hope that the
Emperor would give General Stoessel
. honorable conditions of surrender de
■ spite his action.
TERMS OF CAPITULATION.
A telegram from General Nogi giving
the text of the capitulation convention
was received this afternoon. It is as
follows: . %
Article I—All Russian soldiers, marines,
volunteers, alto Government oindals at the
garrison and harbor ot Fort Arthur, are taken
prisoners.
Article 3—All forts. batteries, warships,
other ships and boats, and arms, ammunition,
horses, all materials for hostile use. Govern
ment buildings and all objects belonging to the
Russian Government, shail be transferred to
the Japanese army in their existing condition.
Article 3—On the preceding two conditions
being assented to, as a guarantee for the ful
fillment thereof, the men garrisoning the forts
ami the batterits on Ktze Mountain, ,->ung< hu
Mountain, Antze Mountain and the line ot emi
nences southeast theretrom, shall be removed
by noon of January 3 and the same shall be
transferred to the Japanese army.
Article 4—Should Russian military or naval
men be deemed to have destroyed objects
named in article 2 or to have caused altera
tion in any way in thtlr condition at the ex
isting time, the signing of this compact and
the negotiations shail be annulled, and the
Japanese army will take free action.
Article s—The Russiun military and naval
authorities shall prepare and transfer to the
Japanese army a table showing the fortifica
tions of Port Arthur and their respective posi
tions, and maps showing the location of mines,
underground and submarine, and all other
dangerous objects; also a table showing the
' composition and system of the army and naval
services at Port Arthur; a list of array and
navy officers, with names, rank and duties of
jtaid officers; a list of army steaanera, warships
and other ships, with the numbers of their re
specUve crews; a list of civilians, showing the
number of men and women, their race and
occupations.
Article 6—Arms, including those carried on
the person: ammunition, war materials. Gov
ernment, buildings, objects owned by Uie Gov
ernment, horses, warships and other ships. In
cluding their contents, excepting private prop
erty, shall be left in their present positions,
and the commissioners of the Russian and
Japanese armies shall decide upon the method
of their transference.
Article 7 —The Japanese army, considering
the gallant resistance offered by the Russian
.aimy as being honorable, will permit the-offi
cers of the Russian army and navy, as well as
officials belonging thereto, to carry swords and
to take with private property directly
necessary for the maintenance of life. The
previously mentioned officers, officials and vol
unteers who will sign a written parole pledging
that they will not take up arms and in nowise
take action contrary to the Interests of the
Japanese army until the close of the war will
receive the consent of the Japanese army to
return to their own country. Each army and
navy officer will be allowed one servant and
such servant will be specially released on sign
ing the parole.
Article B—Non-commissioned officers and
privates of both army and navy and volun
teers shall wtar their uniforms and. taking
portable tents and necessary private 'property
and commanded by their respective officers,
shall assemble at such place as may be Indi
cated by the Japanese army. The Japanese
commissioners will indicate the necessary de
tails therefor.
Article »—The sanitary corps and the ac
countants belonging to the Russian army and
navy c-liall be retained by the Japanese while
their services are deemed necessary for the
purpose of caring for sick and wounded pris
oners. During such time such corps shall be
required to nnder service under the direction
of the sanitary corps and accountants of the
Japanese a'my.
Article 10—The treatment to be accorded to
residents, the transfer of books and documents
relatini? to municipal administration and
finance and nil .details necessary for the en
forcement of this compact shall be embodied
In a supplementary compact. The supplemen
tary compact shall have the same force as this
compact.
Article 11—One copy each of this compact
shall be prepared by the Japanese and Russian
armies and it shall have immediate effect upon
the signature thereto.
EFFORTS TOWARD PEACE.
Some of the foreign diplomats here
believe that there will be ati early re
newal of efforts looking toward peace.
Outwardly the Japanese Government
gives no indications of its desires in
that direction, but it is known that it
is prepared to discuss the question and
to make terms which are character
ized as reasonable.
Those who predict a movement for
peace declare that the Japanese Em
peror's commendation of General
Stoessel and the determination of the
Japanese to give honorable terms to
the surrendered garrison will soften
the blow to Russia and create an
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Eruptions
All moist, scaly tetters, all -forms
of eczema or salt rheum, pimples and
other cutaneous eruptions proceed
from humors, either inherited, or ac
quired through defective digestion
and assimilation.
To treat these eruptions .with dry
ing medicines is dangerous.
The thing to do is to take
Hood's Sarsaparilia
and Pitts
Which thoroughly cleanse the blood,
expelling all humors and building
up the whole system. They cure.
Accept no substitute.
Testimonials of remarkable cure* mailed on
request. C. I. HOOP CO.. Lowell, Mass.
opening for the discussion of the ques
tion of peace.
The United States, Great Britain and
France are named as possible direct or
indirect intermediaries, though it Is not
improbable that Japan will broach the
subject directly.
The fall of Port Arthur immensely
strengthens the hand of Japan. In the
actual conduct of the war Port Ar
thur has been a stumbling block to
Japan,--which for six months-has-trad
engaged more than 100,000 troops and
practically her entire navy. This fact
compelled Field Marshal Ovama to
fight the battle of Liaoyang shorthand
ed.
Now the entire navy is free to pre
pare to meet the Russian second Pa
cific squadron and to attend to the
Vladivostok squadron. A heavy force
of troops will be immediately available
for service in Manchuria, and this pos
sibly wiif allow the undertaking of oth
er independent enterprises.
It is expected that the Diet will now
take a recess and hold a special session
for the purpose of passing a vote of
thanks to General Nogi and the men
of the Third Army.
A great lantern procession in celebra
tion of the surrender of Port Arthur
was held to-night and the city was
splendidly illuminated. Thousands of
men carrying flags and lanterns
marched through the streets and visit
ed and cheered the various depart
ments of the Government.
STOESSEL'S DISPATCHES.
I Messages That Informed the Czar of
the Garrison's Plight.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 3.—General
: Stoessel's dispatches by way of Chefu
to the general staff relate how the po
sition of the fortress of Port Arthur
gradually became less safe and more
' critical, the ravages of scurvy in-
I creasing enormously the casualty list,
j already so considerable from the Jap
| anese assaults and bombardments.
■ Toward the end of the year the sup
ply ot ammunition completely gave
out; there were 14,000 sick and wound
ed in the hospitals, and 300 fresh
casualties daily. The general reports
that at the end of the siege he had
only 10.000 men under arms, the re
mainder of the original garrison hav
ing either been killed or disabled. On
December 28 the general wrote:
The |x>sltlon of the fortress is becoming very
painful. Our chief enemies are scurvy, which
is mowing down the men, and i 1-Inch shells,
which know no obstacle and against which
there Is no protection. There remain only a
few who have not been attacked by scurvy.
\W have taken all the possible measures, but
the disease 1b spreading. The passiw endur
ance of the enemy* bombardment, the 11-inch
shells, the Impossibility* of replying for want
of ammunition, the outbreak of scurvy and
the loss of a mass of officers—all these causes
diminish dafly the capabilities of the defense,
and the tale of losses of higher officers Is an
indication of the enormous losses we nave sus-'
.talned. Of ten generals, two—Kondratenko
/hnd Tserpit«ky—have been killed. Raznotvsky
Is dead, |wo are wounded (myself and Oon
nadeer), while Gorbatowsky is suffering from
contusions. Of nine regimental commanders
and colonels. Prince Matchabell Naoumenko
has been killed, Dourie and Glagolew have
succumbed to wounds and four others have
been wounded. One lieutenant colonel has been
killed and two are wounded. s
On December 29 General Stoessel
wrote:
At 10 o'clock yestciday morning the Jap
anese blew up part of the parapet of Fort No.
3. They afterward opened a severe bombard
ment along the whole front, but especially on
Fort No. 3. At about 3 o'clock in the after
noon they dashed to the attack or the parapet
from the moat and glacis, where they had been
held In readiness. Two attacks were re
pulsed, but the Japanese occupied the funnel
shaped opening formed by the explosion, and,
reipforced by their reserves, began to run
across the moat in groups of about five. They
occupied the parapet and at dusk two bat
talions had entered the Interior of the fort.
Our troops fought from the entrenchments,
which were badly damaged. Fart of our
troops hid themselves in the casements, but
the Japanese placed machine guns In front of
the exit of the casements, thus depriving our
men hidden there of all possibility of making
an attack. Three counter attacks from the
outside by our reserves met with- no success.
The fort consequently remained flsathe posses
sion of the Japanese. Our losses were consid
erable, especially In officers. The survivor* of
the garrison succeeded in getting out of the
fort by the windows. By the occupation' of
this fort the Japanese became masters of the
whole north front and the fortress can hoi*
out only a few days more. We have almrst
no ammunition. I will take measures to pre
vent carnage In the streets.
Scurvy is sensibly weakening the garrison.
I have now under arms only 10,000 men, all
sick.
Generals Fock and Nlkltina have been ver
itable heroes and admirable collaborators.
Among the artillery Colonel Ramon was
wounded. Colonel Peterhoff was killed and six
officers were wounded, Among the other high
officers there was an enormous percentage of
killed or several times wounded. Many com
panies are commanded -by ensigns And the
companies only average sixty men strong.
The Japtme-se since December IB have re
frained from assaulting. Yesterday they ex
ploded a mine under the fortifications of Fort
No. B and about a sedre bf hardy Japanese
mounted the ramparts, but were exterminated
by bayonets and hand grenades. In revenge
the Japanese bombarded all night long and all
day long with 11-inch shells, especially the
hospitals and ambulances, although knowing
full well that there was no possibility of our
wounded heroes Joining the ranks of the de
fenders. ,
There are 14.000 sick and wounded in the
hospitals and the number increases by about 700
daily.
General Stoessfl's reports of Decem
ber 28 and 29, painting the harrowing
picture of the depleted and exhausted
garrison fighting on hopelessly, were
posted on the bulletin boards this aft
ernoon and attracted enormous crowds,
whose grief at the fall of the fortress
was overcome by admiration for the
heroic defenders. The War Office and
Admiralty were goon besieged by grief
stricken relatives and friends of those
at Port Arthur, eagerly asking for
news.
The city is perfectly quiet, the agi
tators finding that the people were in
no mood for demonstrations against
the Government.
AMERICA HOLDS ALOOF.
No Foundation for Reports of Pros
pective Mediation.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.—Whatever
effect the fall of Port Arthur may
have on the ultimate issue of the war
the attitude of this Government to
ward the Belligerents has not under
gone the slightest change. More than
once the American Government has
let St Petersburg and Tokio know
that it stands ready at any time to
render neighborly assistance whenever
both belligerents are prepared to wel
come it. Further than this the Gov
ernment has not gone.
Reports that President Roosevelt is
likely to institute negotiations for
friendly mediation between Russia
and Japan are premature at least, and
entirely unauthorised.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4. IMS.
EXHAUSTED
GARRISON'S
LAST STAND
Defenders of the Eihlung
Mountain Fort Perish
Almost to a Man Ke
sisting Enormous Odds
•— -
ONLY ONE HUNDRED
AND FIFTY ESCAPE
Losses of the Japanese in
the Last Great Battle
of the Port Arthur Siege
Total One Thousand Men
HEADQUARTERS OF THE JAPA
NESE THIRD ARMY, IN FRONT OF
PORT ARTHUR, Dec. 29.—After many
weeks of patient toil by a regiment of
the center division the making of nine
tunnels under the north wall of Rih
lung Mountain fort through solid rock
was completed and the mines laid on
December 28.
Without warning seven mines con
taining two tons of dynamite were ex
ploded at 10 o'clock on the morning of
the 28th. The spectacle was magnifi
cent. The entire front walls of the fort
seemed to be lifted into the air in a
tremendous opaque curtain of earth
and debris of all kinds.
There was no preliminary bombard-
ment to give the Russians a hint of
what was in store for them. Half the
garrison perished as the result of the
explosions and the subsequent charge
of the Japanese.
The force of the explosions was tre
mendous. The entire hillside was cov
ered with earth and debris ,and the
moat was filled to a level with the
broken walls of the fort.
In anticipation of a stubborn resist
ance by a large garrison the Japanese
before daylight pushed a large force
into the trenches, where they remained
concealed until the explosions took
place. The moment the mines were
fired a whole park of siege guns opened
a concentrated fire upon the fort, which
was obscured from view by the burst
ing shells. Under cover of this wonder
ful practice a large force in the nearest
saps charged over the filled-in moat
and attacked the first line of Russian
trenches, behind which were machine
guns.
GARRISON* FIGHTS BRAVELY.
The Russians were thrown into the
greatest confusion and many of them
were killed by the exolosions. Never
theless they fought desperately, but
were not able to withstand the num
bers and determination of the Japa
nese, who passed over the broken walla
like ants in the face of a fire from the
machine guns, and the first line of
trenches was captured after twenty
minutes of awful fighting.
The fort was arranged in two levels. In
In the lower level there were in the
the lower level there were infantry in the
rear were machine gun trenches, with
a deep interior. In the center of the
higher level there were quick-firing
guns, and heavier guns in the emplace
ments. In the rear of the higher level
masonry were the concreted barracks,
the magazines and the kitchens of the
garrison.
When the Japanese captured the low
er level in the first spirited charge they
were not able to advance farther. With
splendid courage, however-, the black
masses of troops maintained their po
sition, notwithstanding an awful con
centrated fire from the fortress and
from artillery in the forts of Antze and
Etze mountains, across the gorge of the.
Shuishl Valley, and made a trench line
from the broken walls to capture the
machine gun trenches.
JAPANESE GAIN THE CREST.
All the time Japanese artillery bom
barded the rear of the fort and the
Chinese wq)l, so as to prevent the ar
rival of reinforcements. ,
At 4 o'clock In the afternoon the
Japanese massed and captured the ma
chine gun trenches and the lower sec
tion of the fort. Then they charged
the higher, level in splendid form, going,
up in twos and threes until ,a large
body had gained the crest of the north
east corner. K«fore dark the walls of
the higher level were black with men,
who had gained the interior in small
parties, despite the awful fire.
Tn the meantime more of the Japan
ese gained the higher level of the fort
from the gorge at the west side. — ...
The Japanese attacked in over
whelming numbers from all sides, but
the remnant of the garrison continued
to fight with splendid spirit, contest -
ing every inch of the interior.
FEW DEFENDERS ESCAPE.
Under cover of darkness the Japan
ese Captured the last sections arid the
barracks at 3 o'clock in the morning.'
One hundred and fifty of the garrison
escaped through the connecting
trenches in the rear of the fort, which
they destroyed by mines to prevent
pursuit. Three prisoners were taken
and the others of the garrison were
killed.
The Japanese losses during the day
and night were about one thousand
killed or wounded.
With the fort the Japanese captured
four guns of large caliber, seven quick
flnlng guns and two machine guns, be
sides others not yet counted. In the
gorge at the rear of the fort they cap
tured thirty quick-firing guns which
had been mounted ready to repel any
attack upon the fort from the rear. Be
fore .retiring the Russians set fire to
the barracks and kitchens, which are
still burning.
Considering the enormous strength
of the fort, its. capture at suffh small
cost of life was a great success.
Grip Colds.
Laxative Bromo Quinine, the world-wide Cold
and Grip remedy, removes the cause. Call for
the full name and look for signature of E. W
Grove. 26c. *
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
4 A Box of
THE NEW
GRAHAM BISCUITS,
Made by the
MUTUAL BISCUIT COMPANY.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
NOW FLOATS OVER THE RUINS OF PORT ARTHUR
AND CITY'S DEFENDERS ARE PRISONERS OF WAR
STARVATION
AND SCURVY
THIN RANKS
Few Able - Bodied Men
in the Remnant of the
Army Commanded by
the Heroic Old Stoessel
FIGURES PICTURE
' HORRORS OF WAR
Soldiers Again Put Out of Ac
tion After Recovery From
Wounds Bring Total Casu
alties Up to 205 Per Cent
CHEFIJ, Jan. 3.—Some interesting
statistics concerning the defense of
Port Arthur were brought here by the
flotilla of Russian torpedo-boat de
stroyers, which carried numerous
chests containing complete records of
General Stoessel's army.
Originally the army numbered 35,000.
Eleven thousand have been killed) 16,000
are sick or wounded, while 8000 re
mained in the forts, of whom, however,
2000 were unable to fight.
It is learned' that when General
Stoessel wrote to General Nogi regard
ing the surrender of the fortress he
said:
I have SOOO men in the forts and 6000 of
these «re able to fight. If you do not accept
my proposal these men will die fighting, but it
will cost you three times their number to kill
them.
During the siege 265 per cent of the
gerrison was put out of action. This
remarkable condition was due to the
fact that wounded men kept constantly
returning to the front. Cases have been
recorded where men have gone to the
hospital seven times, returning con
valescent to the forts.
The number of officers killed was pro
portionately greater than in any battle
known to history. This was due to the
frequent lethargic condition of the men,
who without food and without sleep
moved only when led by their officers.
The Russians estimate that the tak
ing of the fortress has cost Japan $100,
--000,000.
STOESSEL ASKS QUESTIONS.
General Stoessel, despite his deter
mination not to surrender Port Arthur,
realized the gravity of the situation fol
lowing the capture of 203-Meter Hill,
from which the last Russians retired
on December 6. The sailboat which
came through a snowstorm on Decem
ber 16 with half-frozen messengers,
headed by Commander Mhszeneoff, car
ried two important dispatches. One was
addressed to St. Petersburg, asking
what were the prosnects of the arrival
of the Russian second Pacific squad
ron, and the other went to General
Kuropatkin, inquiring when relief from
the Manchurlan army would be likely.
Both disoatches stated that after an
other month Port Arthur's last defend
er v.ovid have fallen.
The authorities In St. Petersburg gave
the required information and informed
General Stoessel that he had won the
confidence of the Government and that
whatever he did would be accepted as
being for the best.
General Kuropatkin answered to the
effect that he had his hands full and
was not able to promise early relief.
The?e replies were intrusted to a mes
senger who departed six days ago. arid
it is probable that he experienced little
difficulty in eluding the blockade, which
had grown lax.
It is highly probable that the tid
ings he carried weighed materially
with General Stoessel when he ac
quiesced in the wishes of his generals
when they proposed the surrender of
the fortress.
The Russians here claim to see a
blessing in disguise in the fall of Port
Arthur. They say that the Russian
second Pacific squadron can now wait
until it is overwhelmingly reinforced
and that General Kuropatkin will be
able to manage his campaign with a
si' gle eye to his own success, without
making any false steps animated by a
desire to relieve General Stoessel.
PORT ARTHUR DESTROYED.
The fort where the negotiations for
the surrender of Port Arthur were
■held is called the Big Eagle's Nest
pnd is near Rihlung Mountain. Ac
cording to the reports of the. negotia
tions received here, Qeneral Stoessel's
proposal that the Russian sick and
wounded should remain under Russian
. rnedicaj supervision and that the Jap
anese transfer the non-combatants was
acceptable to Qeneral Nogi, but the
Russian proposal that the Russians
should march out under arms caused
some controversy. Midshipman Kliso
rich, commanding a launch which left
l'<Tt Arthur at 8 o'clock last night,
said to-day:
No shot has been fired at Port Arthur for
two days. That which Chinese heard last
night was the Russians blowing up. forts,
ships, magazines, warehouses, .docks and
everything valuable. When I left Port Arthur
the fortress and town were almost completely
wrecked. The warships died hard. Several
explosions were necessary to complete the
wrecking of them. The Sevastopol, after
catching fire, exploded and turned turtle. The
harbor entrance is blocked with sunken ships.
The only navigable craft now at Port Arthur
are the hospital ships Kassan and Mongolia.
You need expect no more ships from Port
Arthur, as they are unable to leave on account
of the blocking of the harbor.
Colonel Reiss represented General
Stoessel in the negotiations for surren
der. A table was spread with wine
and food at the Eagle's Nest and the
enemies treated one another with
great courtesy, which quickly melted
into informal good fellowship. Each
complimented the other on the bravery
of the forces.
SICK AND STARVING WARRIORS.
The statement that there remained
10,000 fighting men at Port Arthur
is misleading, because most of these
are sick or slightly wounded. For
some time there has been no supply of
bandages and wounds have been
dressed with hemp.
The news that General Stoessel was
prepared to treat for surrender was re
ceived by the soldiers with a feeling
of utihost relief.
Por the past month severe wounds
have been gladly received by the sol
diers, because they were allowed to
rest. When the men were not fighting
they were tunneling on half rations.
The bombardments of the last day or
so were terrific. Said Midshipman
Klisorich:
Even General Stoessel finally saw the fu
tility of further resistance, when our guns were
unable to reply. We might have surrendered
a month ago with the highest honor. That
resistance has continued effectively since is
scarcely less than a miracle.
It Is a mere handful of broken men who
aurrender and a debris-strewn desert which.
•'4 1 * ■ i •' • -.- -- -~ v . «
WIFE OF THE COMMANDER OF PORT ARTHUR'S GARRISON. WHO LABORED CEABKLEBBLY THROUGHOUT THE
SIEGE TO LESSEN THE BUFFERING OF THE SICK AND WOUNDED, GENERAL WHO WAS KILLED AND AN
OTHER WHO WAS WOUNDED AN D THE ADMIRAL OF THE DESTROYED RUSSIAN FLEET.
DREAD SIGHTS
IN HOSPITALS
Port Arthur Refugees De
pict Horrible Conditions
Almost Passing Belief
LONDON, Jan. 4.—The Daily Mail's
Chofu correspondent says that Rus
sian officers who have arrived there
bring descriptions of the terrible con
ditions existing in the hospitals at
Port Arthur, which they say wrre
worse than those of the battlefield.
They relate how the Sisters of Charity,
accustomed as they are to such or
deals, sickened and fainted at their
tests because of lack of nourishment.
The wretched patients toward the end
complained bitterly of what they
called the heartlessness of the Sisters
of Charity, who grew so accustomed to
human suffering that they seemed to
lose all sympathy for the victims.
The correspondent adds:
Medicines and doctors were scarce, and the
shrinks and groans of the wounded, mingied
with the curses and yells of men who were
undergoing operations without anaesthetics,
combined to make such an inferno that it was
a relief to rush from the foul atmosphere and
horrible Sights, even if the shell-torn streets
were the only alternative.
Throughout the siege Madame
Stoessel, wife of the commander, wjis
the idol of the garrison. Madame
Stoessel was tireless in her efforts to
relieve the suffering of the sick and
wounded soldiers, and in the darkest
hours of the great war tragedy her
cheerful demeanor did much to keep
up the spirits of the men.
SUPERIORITY OF BATTLESHIPS.
Nayy Department Points to Lesson
Drawn From Present War.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3. —Thp Navy
Department has issued an official
statement commenting in detail upon
the naval operations in the Far East
ern war and giving it as official opinion
of the department that the absolute
superiority of the battleship in war
has been demonstrated time and
again.
Japanese Cruisers Off Java.
AMSTERDAM, Jan. 3. —A dispatch
from Batavia says that two Japanese
cruisers are cruising off Java and a
flotilla of Japanese torpedo boat de
stroyers is north of Borneo. A Dutch
naval force, it Is added, is cruising on
the western shore of the archipelago.
the Japanese gain. Not one of Port Arthur's
magnificent public -works remains.
"BLUFFS" USED BY RUSSIANS.
Captain Kartzow, commanding the
Russian torpedo boat destroyer flotil
la which escaped from Port Arthur
and entered the harbor of Chefu Mon
day morning, tellß a curious story or
"bluffing" by the Russians at the be
ginning of the war, when, although
there was plenty of ammunition at
Port Arthur, there was none on the
ships under Golden Hill save blank
cartridges used for salutes.
On three occasions when the Japan
ese warships approached at long range,
the Russians opened a noisy fire with
blank ammunition, the Japanese in
each instance retiring.
Prisoners taken by the Russians re
lated that, later, after the Russian
ships had received ammunition, the
Japanese learned of the ruse and were
greatly chagrined that they had not
taken advantage of the opportunity.
"Our defense," said Captain Kart
iow. "has been replete with such
makeshifts."
FRIENDLY CHAT
BETWEEN LINES
Japanese and Russian Offi
cers Met Under Truce
Flags on New Year's Day
GENERAL KUROKI'S HEAD
QUARTERS, Jan. 3. —A remarkable
episode occurred between the entrench
ments of the two armies on New Year's
day, showing a lack of animosity
anions the combatants. A Russian and
a Japanese officer met under truce flags
and spent the afternoon in friendly
conversation. Each officer had an
escort of two soldiers. The affair was
entirely unofficial and w&s the result
of an exchange of notes between two
junior officers. Both officers brought
refreshments and the k-isit was pro
longed to two hburs. War matters were
not discussed.
MUKDEN, Jan. 3.—Japanese and
Russian officers had a friendly parley
between the lines on New Year's day.
The meeting was the result of cor
respondence between two outpost com
manders, begun in a spirit of banter,
both finally securing permission from
their respective commanders for the
meeting, which lasted two hours. The
_ AJJV^K ribiiiiENTS. _____
For Sort Throat, Cought. Colds, Bronchitis, for Weak L*ex%* If J
and for painful and sensitive parts of the abdomen, §§8
Allcock's Plasters should be applied as shown above. pi
RIMIMBIR—AOcodT's Plasters hare been in as* over 06 year* £ji
They are the original and genuine portra* planters and have never hem HE
equalled as a paia-curer. Gaaxautoed »ot to contain belladonna, opium W^k
or any poison whatever. fj> J
Insist Upon Having Allcock's. fci
officers drank one another's health. The
conversation, by agreement, did not
touch upon the war. Immediately
after the meeting was ended the ar
tillery opened fire on both sides.
BALTIC FLEET'S PROGRESS.
Voelkersam's Division Joins Rojest
vensky at Madagascar.
TAMATAVE, Island of Madagascar;,
Jan. 3.—The division of the Russian
second Pacific squadron commanded
by Rear Admiral Voelkersam, which,
after passing through the Sue* canal,
sailed from Jibutil, French Somali
land, on December 10 for the island of
Madagascar, anchored to-day in Pas
sandava Bay, in the northwest part of
this island. The squadron command
ed by Admiral Rojestvensky Is at An
tongil Bay on the east coast.
JAPAN FEARS THE POWERS.
Europe May Again Attempt to Rob
Her of Fruits of Victory.
ROME, Jan. 3.—Japan, it is assert
ed, fearing that the powers may again
have in contemplation a solution of
the Far Eastern problem which would
deprive her of the fruits of her vie%
tory, is endeavoring to ascertain th*
tenor of any exchange of views which
may have taken place between the
powers regarding possible interven-.
tion.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.—A civil service
system similar to that in operation In tha
Philippines Is expected to be Instituted shortly
at Porto Rico. The present plan <v>ntemplat<s
placing undfr civil service rules all places in>
th. insular government.RUMORS RIFE IN THE LOBBIES
MAM AFTER CHAIRMANSHIP
OF JUDICIARY COMMITTEE
WALSH SEEMS TO
BE IN THE LEAD
♦
Speaker Prescott in a Quandary
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
not yet been chosen is the Judiciary,
and it is said the Speaker is filled with
worry over the selection.
.He wants to name Houser as the
chairman of this committee, it is de
clared, but Stanton has been
promised the chairmanship of the
Ways and Means and it is feared w the
awarding of the two principal chair
manships of the House to the south
will create displeasure in quarters
where it is not desired to incur it.
Walsh had been declared the probable
selection for the Judiciary chairman
ship, but he is said to be strongly for
Knight. His appointment as head of
the committee would probably be made
only on the ground that he change his
allegiance, it is said.
This. Knight's friends say, he will
not do. He is not an administration
man and his hopes to obtain the speak
ership were blasted because of this.
Duryea, who is also claimed by
Knight's friends to have a leaning
toward that candidate, is mentioned
for the Judiciary chairmanship and
might get it if he can see that Flint
is the most desirable man for Senator,
sr> it is said.
SAY HOUSER WILL WIN.
Knight's friends claim that the
chairmanship is to go to Houser.
Goodrich of Los Angeles, one of
the men pledged to Flint, sounded the
House to-day on the proposition of
holding a caucus on the Senatorial
fight. He circulated among the mem
bers with a roll call, but found little
encouragement, not more than a dozen
members signifying a willingness to
caucus. The San Francisco delegation
sat down on the proposition promptly.
They await word from Ruef.
Arthur Ftek will return to San Fran
cisco to-morrovv and leave his fight in
the hands of friends.
' There is no use of me staying here
now." he said. "I am not a candidate
in the s?ense that the others in the
ficht are and my Interests will not
KEEPS OUT
OF JAIL BY
CLEVER ROSE
Redeems One Bops
Check by Giving
a'Second.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Jan. 3.— R. B. Kirke to-day
used a novel means to escape punish
ment for passing a bogus check. He
Issued a second bogus check to get
money to settle the first.
A man named Rutherford was ar
rested for defrauding an innkeeper of
js 80. He said Kirke would settle the
bill and Kirke told Collector F. R
Fanning he was good for it, giving
the collector a check for the amount.
When the check was presented at the
bank Fanning found that Kirke did
n<u have any money there. He went
Kirke, who refused to pay the bill.
He was taker, into court. He said he
would straighten the matter out if
the Judge would let him go out to get
the money. .
Kirke went,to Parker Lyons' furni
ture store and wrote out a check for
$25, which was cashed. Kirke then set
tled the matter in court and disap
peared. Later it .was discovered the
second check Was as bad as the first.
Ki.-ke is now being sought after by the
police.
MINERS FROM GOLDFIELD
CHLOROFORMED AND ROBBED
Drug Is Used While the Men Are
. Sleeping in a Room of a
Reno Hotel.
RENO, Jan. 3.—Patrick O'Brien and
Thomas Yattrie, two miners from
Goldfield, walked unsteadily down the
stairs of the Grand Central Hotel in
Reno this morning and notified the
clerk that they had been chloroformed
• and robbed. The matter was reported
to the police and an investigation was
made.
A visit to the room convinced the of
• ficers that chloroform had been used,
as the place smelled strongly of it. The
men had more than $200 in their cloth
ing when they went to bed. The thieves
took every cent.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Aches
()f some kind are the heritage of nearly
i very one. from the infant and the colic,
lhe middle-aged and the distressing, mis
erable headaches, to the aged with ner
vous, muscular and rheumatic pains.
A remedy to relieve in all cases must
be founded on the right principle, ana
(hat accounts for the wonderful success
of
Dr. Miles'
Anti-Pain Pills
They never fail to cure all cases of
pain, because they treat the Pain Source
-the nerves. By soothing the irritated
nerves they lessen the tension, build up
the strength, set the blood coursing
through the veins, and thus allay all
pain.
"Periodic headache, that unfitted me
for business several days at a time, has
been my life experience. I found first
relief in Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills,
since then 1 invariably ward them off by
taking a pill when I feel them coming
on."—E. M. MOOBERRY, Windsor, 111.
The first package will benefit, if not,
the druggist will return your money.
25 doses, 25 cents. Never sold In bulk.
suffer by my absence at present. As
I said, I have friends who wish to vote
for me and am in the contest to take
what may come my way.**
The turn of Fisk's fortune depends
on developments that may come this
week or soon after balloting is com
menced.
Oxnard's force of lieutenants was
augmented to-day by Walter Bacon of
Los Angeles. Bacon was active on be
half of Grant during the memorable
campaign of '99 and is a capable'and
well-posted man. If there Is anything
down deep that Oxnard wants to know
Bacon can cor»e as near getting it as
any man in the field.
BARD IS WANTED.
To-morrow It will be known definite
ly whether or «ot Senator Bard will
come to Sacramento, and if he decides
to come, when he will be here. Lead
ers here have impressed on Senator
Bard the fact that his presence is re
quired here and in all probability he
will come. Bard's supporters are con
fident that they are holding all his
strength and have no fear of defec
tions. All the talk to this effect can
readily be traced to the camps of his
opponents or to rumors circulated by
their supporters for the purpose of liv
ening things up and keeping the gos
sips going.
By next Monday all the candidates
for the Senate will be* on the ground.
By that time thines should be «o
shaped that the strength each candi
date can develop on the first baiiot
should be determined.
Members of the Legislature who ad
here to the theory that the Republican
party should elect a man to represent
California in the Senate of the United
States will believe that the Southern
Pacific has "hands off" in the fight
when it orders its accredited agents
home and when they are no longer
seen climbing stairways to the rooms
of Senatorial aspirants after the ele
vators have ceased to run and the lob
bies are dim in the early hours of
morning.
MARIN COUNTY
LOSES CITIZEN
OF PROMINENCE
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 3.—Henry C.
Campbell, an old and beloved citizen of
Southern Marin County, died this
morning at his home in Sausalito. He
contracted a cold about ten days ago,
which developed into a fatal attack of
pneumonia.
Campbell resided in Sausalito for
many years and was a great favorite
in both San Francisco and Marin
County society. He owned considerable
property in Sausalito and Mill Valley
and was a director in the Tamalpais
Land Company. At one time he was
president of the Town Trustees of Sau
salito and of the Sausalito Bay Land
Company. At the time of his death
Campbell was the attorney for the San
Francisco Savings Union. He is sur
vived by a widow and five children,
Mrs. Emmet Rixford, Miss Cornelia
Campbell and Harry and Alexander
Campbell.
ACCIDENT PUTS A STOP
TO A RENO JAIL BREAK
Mortar Loosened by Prisoners Falls
Upon Officer and He Frus
trates Attempt.
REro, Jan. 3.—Albert L. Black,
awaiting trial for horse stealing, and
J. M. Weston, a United States prisoner,
in the Elko County Jail, made a saw
out of a caseknife and had cut the
bolts holding the steel sheeting to the
interior of the jail corridor last Mon
day. They then bored a hole in the
wall and were just taking out the" last
bricks to make room for their bodies,
when an officer walking by the side of
the Jail wall was struck by particles
of mortar. He looked up and saw the
hole and immediately ran into the
buildins and with a revolver entered
the cellroom and ordered the men to
throw up their hands. The fellows
were surprised and surrendered with
out any trouble.
VANDALS DESTROY DAM
OF A MINING COMPANY
Barrier That Cost $7000, Weakened
by Dynamite, Gives Way Dur
ing Recent Storm.
NEVADA CITY, Jan. 3—The new re
straining barrier of the Omega Mining
Company, some three miles below the
mine, was carried away a few nights
ago. The general belief is that powder
was used by unknown persons to start
the dam going, the heavy storm pre
vailing at the time doing the rest. The
barrier had been pronounced by the
Debris Commission one of the best in
the State. It was built on the crib
system of logs and rocks and cost $7000.
Everything indicates that the dam was
blown up with dynamite. The catas
trophe occurred about two hours after
the men had quit work for the day.
When the employes left the dam ap
parently was in perfect condition.
FEDERATION OF LABOR
MAY BAR OFFICE HOLDERS
Debate on the Subject Occupies the
. Afternoon Session in Sac
ramento.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 3.—The State
Federation, of Labor did not nominate
officers this afternoon, as expected, for
the reason that almost the entire aft
ernoon session was taken up with a
debate on the question of whether a
person holding a political, position, elec
tive or appointive, should be declared
ineligible to membership in the feder
ation. A vote on this proposition will
be taken to-morrow, after which the
electloa of officers will occur.
Reports were submitted showing that
the federation Is progressing and It
was declared that conditions are satis
factory to the officers of the organiza
tion. It was reported that the educa
tional campaign for inducing members
to demand the union label "had made
much advancement
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 190 S.
Measure to Prevent
Gain in Wealth
by Murder.
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
shall inherit anything from any person
he murders. Its aim, as will readily be
seen, is to prevent impatient people
who think they are going to "come into
something" by some one else's death
from getting in too much of a hurry
and anticipating the l work of Welsh
rarebits or the family doctor.
"There was a case in our county only
recently," said Assemblyman Moore,
"of a young, man who killed a relative
whose heir he was with a broken pitch
er, and after serving a term for man
slaughter he is now having a fine time
with the money of the deceased.
BENEFITED BY MURDER.
"Some years ago down our way a
young man killed a relative worth $260,
--000 and spent $60,000 of it to clear him
self, and to-day he is enjoying
luxuries of life. The Weber case at
Auburn, the latest terrible murder to
shock the State, is in this category."
Rich old aunts and uncles and other
relatives who have restless heirs prob
ably will get the first real sleep and
content of their lives after Assembly
man Moose's bill becomes a law.
Legislation providing for the loaning
of State moneys to the banks and that
providing for a new system of State
taxation will have a prominent place
before this Legislature.
Waste, as usual, will introduce the
university bills, the most important be
ing one carrying an appropriation of
$250,000 for a structure for the agricul
tural college.
BURNING SHIP
SPREADS DEATH
Boilers of a Boat on Ohio
River Blow Up and Many
Perish in Sudden Fire
HUNTINGTON. W. Va., Jan. 3.—The
boilers of the big tow boat Defender
blew up in the Ohio River near here
to-night, and of a crew*of twenty
eight only ten or twelve have been
rescued alive and they are injured. In
a very few minutes, following the ex
plosion, the big steamship was a mass
of flames, the fire even spreading to
the twenty barges in tow.
The boat was. in charge of Captain
James R. Woodruff of Pittsburg, who
was hurled into the river by the ex
plosion, but was later picked up, not
seriously injured.
The only body yet recovered and
identified is that of Thomas Duffy of
Pittsburg, a fireman. Another body is
that of a fireman from Carlpolls, Pa.,
name unknown. /
Robert Holland of Pittsburg and Jos
eph Moore of Oakland, Pa., were pick
ed up by the rescuing parties and are
now in the City Hospital. They are
horribly injured and can give no de
tails of the accident.
PHILOSOPHICAL GROUNDS
FOR COMMITTING SUICIDE
Student of Rush Medical College Tires
of Being an Unwilling
Materialist,
SALT LAKE, Jan. 3.—Royal H.
Milleron, a student of Rush Medical
College, Chicago, and a son of Dr.
Joseph Milleron of Salt Lake, com
mitted suicide in a hotel in Provo,
Utah, to-day by shooting. In a letter
found in the room he wrote:
My reasons are almost entirely ethical and
have to do with myself and relations to life.
Through scientific study and deduction and
rather extensive philosophical reading I have
unhappily come to believe that all the so
called supernatural is pure fallacy. This forces
me into the position of an unwilling material
ist and mbs existence of its highest attrac
tions. I believe the human life to be at the
disposal of Its owner. I choose to stop mine—
that i 3 all. >*
The only remorse I feel Is In snapping the
ties of love which bind me to parents and
sisters. Pear 1 do not feel at all. It Is no
part of a philosopher to feel fear—that Is for
the ignorant and uninformed. If publicity
could be avoided in such a case I should be
pleased; but as a citizen of the world I realize
the Impossibility of the realization of such
hopes.
This might be called a case of justifiable
homicide. I have merely killed a man who
has been interfering with my contentment and
peace of mind beyond endurance. The man
is myself. If I should write a book I could
not offer any more convincing proof to the
average person than these few pages contain
that I am a fool. Well, so be It; I do not
think so myself.
Knowledge of Milleron's death came
through a letter to his father in Salt
Lake, announcing his intention. The
father at once telephpned to the Provo
Hotel and the discovery of the body
followed.
Two sisters of Milleron are members
of the Bostonian opera company.
HUNTINGTON MAKES GIFT
TO SOUTHERN METHODISTS
Presents the Church With Ten Acres
of Land Valued at
$20,000.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3.—Henry E.
Huntington has made the Southern
California Methodist Conference a gift
of a ten-acre tract in the heart of the
seaside town of Huntington Beach.
This donation is worth at least 120,000
and will be used as a site for the an
nual camp-meetings and the confer
ence. Huntington thus brings about
the shifting of the base of Methodism
in this end of the State, Long Beach
having for years had all these gather
ings. To make it sure; the Huntington
Beach Board of Trade adds to Hunt
ington's offer a bonus of $5000 cash,
which will be used in starting the
necessary buildings. It is said this is
Huntington's first gift of consequence
to any religious denomination.
FOUR GRANDCHILDREN
BORN ON THE SAME DAY
PITTSBURG, Jan. and Mrs.
J. H. Williamson of Federal street,
Allegheny, were informed yesterday
that they were grandparents, their
daughter, Mrs. J. M. Palmer, hav
ing given birth to a boy. Soon they
learned that another daughter, Mrs.
Thomas Hicks, of Tioga street, Pitts
burg, who had been married the same
day as her sister, had given birth to
twin girls.
Later in the day another daughter,
Mrs. Ellsworth Strothers of Webster
avenue, sent a messenger to tell her
parents that she was the mother of a
boy.
Drew will champion the cause of vet
erinary surgeons who have practiced
many years and now find themselves
compelled to pass an examination for a
license. A measure to be introduced by
him will provide that those who have
practiced thirty years shall not be re
quired to pass an examination.
Drew will also ask an appropriation
of $100,000 for a road into the Kings
River Canyon. ,
BUNKERS ADMITTED.
Republican Delegation In Caucus
Recognizes Labor Party Senator.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 3. —At a
caucus of the Republican Senatorial
delegation this morning Senator Harry
Bunkers, who was elected by the
Union Labor party, was admitted by
the Republicans to their circle.
Bunkers addressed the caucus and
said that though it was trite he had
been elected by the Union Labor party
and indorsed by the Democrats, he
had always been a Republican, and
the position he occupied in the recent
fight in San Francisco was due solely
to local conditions. He said he had
always voted the Republican national
ticket and that he intended to vote
for a Republican for United States
Senator.
This statement was taken as suffi
cient evidence of good faith by the
Republicans and they unanimously ad
mitted him to their ranks to have
equal voice in any caucus that may
be held in the future.
SHIP ASHORE
NEAR SEATTLE
Liner Taconia Strikes Sand
Bar Oft West Point in an
Effort to Avoid Collision
SEATTLE, Jan. 3.—The Northwest
ern Steamship Company's liner Taco
ma, which cleared from this port this
afternoon, ran hard aground on a sand
bar off West Point, eight miles north
of Seattle, at 4 o'clock. She is lying on
an easy keel and it is said that she will
be pulled off at high tide to-morrow
afternoon.
The first officer, who was on the
bridge, reports that a fishing schooner
tacked across the bow of the Tacoma,
throwing the vessel out of..her course.
When he attempted to throw her back
again the steering gear had become
fouled and she ran her nose into the
sand before she could be stopped.
Costly Fire in Portland.
PORTLAND, Jan. 3.—Fire to-night
gutted the plant of the Union Maat
Company. The loss will run upward
of J 100,000 and possibly considerably
more in case the company's books and
accounts are destroyed. It will he im
possible to ascertain this until the
ruins have cooled. The company is
well protected by insurance. The
origin of thg fire is not known.
Largest Stock=Lowest Prices
Eight great floors filled to overflowing with samples only at' absolutely
lowest prices.
Your Credit, Is Good. "Nuf-Ced."
Ho. I—CHIFFONIER No. 2 — PEDESTAL No. 3—SIDEBOARD No. 4—D INI N O No. 5 — DRESSES—
-Golden finish. DIHTHO TABLE— Golden finish. Bevel
Five roomy Solid oak, golden nited with bevel wk- ™ n . plate mirror,
drawers; shaped finish. 6-ft. drawer. mirror. Well J™««<» Shaped top; brass
top. Plate glass mir- Highly polished. polished[ Price well made. Price.. trimmings. Price..
, ror. Price...57.65 Price 517.75 ...*18.50 59.75
f*2ll*f\f&ic A stock that will please the most fastidious. All the latest
£JCIO pitterns on display. Prices speak for themselves.
TAPEBTRT BRUSSELS —New de- I VELVET CARPET —No carpet made AZKZNSTER—Fine, deep pile. Soft
signs,"both floral and Oriental. has the soft blending of color as has and luxurious to the tread. Floral
An excellent grade. Per this beautiful weave. Choice and Persian patterns. g*4 I*l4
yard 13C selection in Oriental and V3C Per yard Al.lsVo
floral designs. Price, per yard ' fwmmmwj
4 "■ 11 =a 7 =
Makes housekeeping a pleasure. Embodies more labor-saving
r% f\fy#|l O *||\|TA devices than any range on the market. Every part covered
IWI&CU XVCIIsJ-LC by an absolute guarantee. Own a Regal and cut your fuel bill
in half. Terms $1.00 down and $1.00 a week.
245-259GEARY ST* ON THE SQUARE
HIDES HIS COIN
BEFORE DEATH
Becluse to the Last States
That His Estate Consists
of His Home and No More
MONEY IS FOUND LATER
♦
Now Believed That He May
Have Left Property Worth
Half a Million HoUars
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BURLINGTON, N. J., Jan. 3.—De
nying with almost his last breath to
day that he had any wealth other than
the home in which he lived and the
spacious grounds that surround his
residence, Firman Dubel, it is now es
timated, left an estate worth between
$300,000 and $500,000. After his
death his relatives made a search of
the Dubel premises, which resulted
in the finding of more than $9000 in
gold, silver and moth-eaten paper bills,
chieiiy of the denomination of $100.
Stored in dusty recesses and out of
the way nooks, laid between leaves of
books, /which were carelessly placed
in unlocked receptacles, and hidden
beneath carpets, this money was found
and the relatives are confident that
they have merely begun their dis
coveries of treasure. In a peck meas
ure in the room in which there was
countless rubbish there was $1700." In
another place a cigar box held $2500
in gold. A thin book, merely a pam
phlet, contained between thirty-eight
consecutive leaves thirty-eight $100
bills. Old clothing in various trunks
and closets had been receptacles.
Living the life of a recluse for a
score of years and having as his corns
panion a housekeeper, who was his
ward, Dubel was known by the resi
dents to have considerable money, de
spite his vigorous denials. A search
among the old papers brought to light
scores of mortgages upon the property
of residents of the town and of the
country for miles around. For years
Dubel had lived on a fare that caused
some to wonder how he kept his body
and soul together. He owned much
real estate in this town and several
aged and needy tenants have lived in
these buildings for years without pay
ing rent. The sideboard in his home
was stocked with rows of old-fash
ioned china and quantities of silver,
but they were never used. Dubel and
his housekeeper preferring to eat and
drink from common earthenware.
HOLD LATE CONFERENCE.
Flint's Supporters Discuss Probable
Necessity for a Switch.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 2. —The fail
ure of the supportew of Flint to se
cure a caucus to-day resulted in the
holding; late to-night of a conference
of Southern California Flint men, at
which was discussed the prospect of
a necessity for a switching of their
votes. The result of their delibera
tions was not made public.
Body Found on Beach.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 3.—The body of
an unknown man was found on the
beach between Point Bonita and Bo
linas to-day by J. A. Street of 837 Mis
sion street, San Francisco. The body
was nude with the exception of a silk
handkerchief tied around the neck. The
man had black hair and a mustache
streaked with gray.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
MWIIDNEYS WEAK?
Thousands of Men and Women Have Kidney
Trouble and Never Suspect It.
To Prov. What the Gpsat Kid icy Remedy-, Swamp-Root, Will D*
for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have a
Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Frc.e by Mall.
It used to be considered that only urinary
and bladder troubles were to be traced to the HtwfMirn
kidneys, but now modern science proves that 1§C?";
nearly all diseases have their beginning in the IISMKs
disorder of these most important organs. IJwkiPi
Therefore, when your kidneys are weak or
out of order you can understand how quickly I *l ft *
your entire body is affected, and how every I Ml* i
organ seems to fail to do its duty. Pw^i«Bl
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin tak- | • ; \ v ( \
ing the gread kidney remedy, Kilmer's / . V-« V
Swamp-Root, because as soon as your kidneys
begin to get better they will help all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince |k
any one. H 9
I cheerfully recommend and endorse the Or eat Mj^^^W^MailiMiMSMßwH
Remedy. Dr. Kilmer'* Swamp-Hoot, for kidney I ■ \ ——- i B|H
trouble and bad liver. Z have used it and derived H DR. KILMER'S H
great benefit from It. I believe it has cured me II nmi|| n DA APT fiSI
entirely of kidney and liver trouble, from which I 888 SW A M r-KSll! I I
suffered terribly, Most gratefully yours. WBM uumui UVUI W
A. R. Reynolds. Chief ot Folice. ■ KldMy.LtverßtMter
Coltunbu«. Ga. HH| CURE mWta
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are respon- II DiKtcrrovs. HB
sible for many kinds of diseases, and if per- J^ o " o VVrf£*"s Mil
mitted to continue much suffering and fatal I I H
results are sure to follow. Kidney trouble II gffg|
irritates the nerves, makes you dizzy, restless, II '°~ ) »<n Krtm, v Iftfjß
sleepless and irritable. Makes you pass water I H **" *° v
often during the day and obliges you to get ] I tm.p-T^i, ]
up many times during the night. Unhealthy II I
kidneys cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of I H <>«to^uli**^,«
the bladder, pain or dull ache in the back, II , r J££ ■
ioints and muscles; make your head ache and II otww^wMa *ik,
back ache, cause indigestion, stomach and liver ga "7u£li«jJi\. Jl^^ - " - B
trouble, you get a sallow, yellow complexion, I mmnmin W*>M
make you feel as though you had heart trou- HBi ML KIMEIa CO., ke|
ble; you may have plenty of ambition, but no || agM
strength: get weak and waste away. awß
The cure for these troubles is Dr. Kil- ■B|BBPH^*^§S^' J^l^^^a
mer's Swamp-Root, the world famous kidney
remedy. In taking Swamp-Root you afford
natural help to Nature, for Swamp-Root is the W^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Jm
most perfect healer and gentle aid to the kid- ISMWBa^^^^BaaaaV^
neys that is known to medical Science. (Swamp-Root la pleaeant to take.)
How to Find Out
If there is any doubt in your mind as to If you are con
your condition, take from your urine on rising vinced that Swamp-Root is
about four ounces, place it in a glass or bot- what need can
tie and let it stand twenty-four hours. If on
examination it is milky or cloudy, if there is chase the regular fifty-cent
a brick dust settling, or if small particles float and one-dollar size bottles
about in it your kidneys are in need of imme- at the d stor „
diate attention.
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is where. Don't make any mis
used in the leading hospitals, recommended by take, but remember the
physicians in their private practice, and is name c wamn p oof tw V il
taken by doctons themselves who have kidney nam f' wam P-R° ot . Dr.K,l
ailments, because they recognize in it the great- mer s and the
est and most successful remedy for kidney, liv- address, Binghamton, N. V.,
er and bladder troubles. on every bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTE,—So successful is Swamp-Root In promptly curing even
the most distressing cases of kidney, liver or bladder troubles, that to prove its
wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle and a book of valuable informa
tion, both sent absolutely free by mail. The book contains many of the thousands
upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured The
value and success of Swamp-Root Is so well known that our readers are advised to
send for a sample bottle. In sending your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co Bing
hamton, N. V.. be sure to say you read this generous offer in The San Francisco
™«ny Call. The proprietors of this paper guarantee the genuineness of this offer.
CHICO'S SUPERINTENDENT
OF STREETS DISMISSED
Accused Official Vote* Against Him
self So as to Make Action
Unanimous.
CHICO, Jan. 3.—The investigation
into the affairs of Superintendent of
Streets J. McC. Stilson was completed
this evening, with the result that the
official was removed from office by the
passage of a motion declaring his office
vacant. When the final vote was called
upon the proposition Stilson voted
"yes," making it unanimous.
BERLIN. Jan. 3.—The discontent In West
nhalian coal fields has reached an acute stage
and a general strike affecting 250,000 miners
Is Impending.
SWORN STATEMENT
Of the CONDITION AND VALUE on Decem
ber 31, 1904, of the
ASSETS and LIABILITIES
—OF THE—
San Fraicisco Sayings Union
A CORPORATION
Doing Business at
532 CALIFORNIA STREET,
Northeast Corner of Webb Street,
CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO,
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
ASSETS.
1. Loans on Real Estate.
Secured by first lien on prop
erties In the SUte of Cali
„ T ' ornla $15,081,353 42
2. Loans on Bonds and Stocks.. 1,380,492 8a
«»• Bonds and Stocks of munici
pal, quasi-public and indus
i T,. t^ t al T> COrp P raUonB 17.188.57175
Bank Premise. 350,000 00
5. Other Real Estate In the State
of California 745 155 OS
6. Furniture and Fixture* aiooo 00
1. Cash (in Vault and in Bank).. 1,271.403 4a
Total Assets •. 835.968.976 44
LIABILITIES.
1, Capital—Paid up $1,000,000 00
2. Reserve and Contingent Funds 976,109 25
a. Due Depositors 83,940,132 13
4. Dividends Undisbursed 2,710 06
5. Sundry Accounts In Adjustment 11,739 26
6. General Tax Account. Balance
undisbursed 38,283 14
Total Liabilities $35,968,970 14
San Francisco, January 8, 1905.
(Bigned) E. B. POND, President
(Signed) LOVELL WHITE, Cashier
State of California, City and County of San
Francisco—ss.
E. B. PON/i and LOVELL WHITE, bell*
each separately and duly sworn, each for him*
self, says: that said E. B. POND Is President
and said LOVELL WHITE Is Cashier of the
San Francisco Savings Union, the corporation
above mentioned, and that the foregoing state
ment Is true.
(Signed) E. B. POND.
(Signed) LOVELL WHITE.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 3d
day of January. A. D. 1905.
(Seal) (Signed) JAMES M. ELLIS.
Notary Public In and for the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California.
O%M Ift IJ% Ammunition, Hunting and
■11 ■■I ■ ■ Sporting goods. Largest
■■I IN W stock. Lowest prices. Send
111 ■ ■■■ ■ for catalogue.
SHREVE ft BARBER CO.,
789 Market st. and 621
Kearny St.
PATENTSiJ
330 MARKET ST.SI!SmS^
|ASTHMANOLA| ,
Za tag only cure for nervous and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Your Druggist or at 698 HAIOHT ST..
San Francisco. CaL
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KIAMY ST. Established
in ISM tor the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lout Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures>w)ien
others fall. Try htm. Charges low.
Carol* (ssranterd. Call or write.
Or. Mm r. OIBBOM. Han Fran-THco- Cat
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
LEAKY BOOM AND SKYLIGHTS,
All kinds repaired. Olobe Sheet Metal Works,
1176-1178 Mission st. Phone Main 5461.
OZZaS.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD A ELLIS.
418 Front St.. B. F. Phone Main-1718.
E C. HUGHES, SU tansn—s st, 0. F-
34
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
CONTRA COSTA
IS NOT READY
Declines to Submit Estimate of
Value of Plant to Council,
Willing to Let Court Decide
OAKLAND, Jan. 3.—The Contra
Costa Water Company to-night,
through W. H. Chickering, its attorney,
submitted to the City Council a letter
rejecting the Council's invitation to
place a valuation upon its plant as a
preliminary move toward obtaining the
vote of the people on the question of
purchasing the system for a municipal
water supply. The company's reasons
as set forth by Attorney Chickering
follow:
"I submit that by the terms of the
resolution the possible acquisition of
the Contra Costa plant is not to be sub
mitted to the voters unless the valua
tion placed upon it by the company
shall not be deemed excessive by your
selves. That is, you, not the voters,
are to be the sole judges of value. This
value you have already determined to
be a sum less than the company will
consent to accept. It therefore seems
unfair to the company to submit to
you, as judges, a valuation which your
former action would compel you to re
ject."
As a counter offer the company says
it stands ready to join with the city in
seeking "the judgment of a court of
competent jurisdiction as to the value
of its plant by condemnation or any
REVOKE ORDER
FOR MACHINES
Alameda County Supervisors
Rescind Action Because
of Contractor's Slowness
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 3.
• Alameda County will not have vot
ing machines—at least for some time
to come. The Board of Supervisors to
day revoked the contract that was en
tered into more than a year ago with
the Columbia Voting Machine Com
pany for 100 machines, and the ballot
machine question will have to be heard
all over again at some future time.
The Alameda County voting machine
case was of interest to the entire State,
for here the Columbia Voting Machine
Company and the United States Stand
ard Voting Machine Company locked
horns for a contract involving a little
less than $76,000. The United States
Standard was represented by Supreme
Court Clerk Frank C. Jordan and the
Columbia was represented by State
Senator F. W. Leavitt. The latter ma
chine, while manufactured in Indiana,
is really an Oakland invention, having
been originated by a man named Chris
tensen, who was backed by Oakland
capital. Jordan lost and Leavitt won,
and the Columbia machine was or
dered.
Then came a battle that did not end
until to-day. In the East there were
injunctions, suits for infringement of
patents, charges and counter charges,
the echoes of which were heard in "Oak
land. Last October Supervisor H. D.
Rowe, who had opposed the Columbia
machine, presented a resolution revok
ing the contract upon the ground that
the machines had not been supplied
within a reasonable time. A state
ment was then made by the repre
sentatives of the Columbia company to
the effect that they were tied up by
suits and offering to supply another
machine. Supervisor Rowe to-day
called up that resolution, and the vote
to revoke the unfulfilled contract was
unanimous.
What the Columbia people will do
in the future is still a question, as
they have made no statement of their
position.
The Board of Supervisors was or
ganized for the new year to-day By
re-alecting John Mitchell chairman and
reappointing all of the old committees.
WATER COMPANY MUST SHOW
WHY MAINS WERE EMPTY
.Judge Ellsworth Molds That Niehaus
Brothers Have Made Out Cause
For Action.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3.—After consid
eration of the briefs submitted in the
suit of the Niehaus Brothers Com
pany against the Contra Costa Water
Company for $146,000 damages, on a
motion for a nonsuit, Judge Ells
worth decided to-day that he would
deny the motion and allow the case
■to proceed, thus requiring the water
company to put in a defense to the
charges of lack of water made in the
complaint.
Attorneys Samuel Knight and M. C.
Chapman, in behalf of the water com
pany, made the motion for a non
suit. Judge Ellsworth held that there
was a contractural relation between
the water company and Niehaus
Brothers and that apparently this had
been violated. The trial of the case
will be resumed next Monday.
ad verti BBuanWi
PIMPLES
"I tried all kinds of blood remedies which failed
to do me any good but I have {onnd the right thing
at last. My face wag foil of pimples and black
head*. After taking Cascarets they all left, i am
continuing the use of them and recommending
them to my friends. I feel fine when I rise n the
morning. Hope to have a chance to recommend
Cascaxeti."
Fred C. Witten, 76 Elm St., Newark. N. 3.
The Bowels
CANDY CATHARTIC
Pleasant. Palatable. Potent. Taste Good. Do Good,
Kever Sicken, Weaken or Gripe, 10c, 23c. 50c. Never
••id in balk. The genaine tablet stamped CC O.
Guaranteed to care or your money back.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 599
ANNUAL SALE, TEN MILLION BOXES
suitable proceeding." And it will, in
advance, waive any question of supe
rior use, as between the city and the
company, thus removing the only pos
sible legal objection to condemnation
proceedings.
'Chickering's letter was conciliatory In
tone. It was referred to the committee
of the whole, which will meet Friday
night to receive a definite proposition
from the Bay Cities Water Company
as to a municipal water supply.
Councilman Alexander McAdams*
resolution requesting the Bay Cities
Company to submit an itemized ac
count showing cost of its proposed sys
tem was referred to the committee of
the whole.
City Engineer Turner submitted re
vised estimates of cost of installing a
distributing pipe system in the city,
which cut $194,600 off the original es
timate of $2,000,000. A preliminary res
olution reciting that the public Interest
required the acquisition of a municipal
water plant was adopted. City Attor
ney McElroy explained that until the
Bay Cities Company had submitted its
proposal Friday he would not be in a
position to give any legal opinion.
The-Council called for bids for bitu
minizing uncompleted portions of Tele
graph avenue.
PUBLIC MIND
IS IMPARTIAL
Motion Denied for Change of
Venue Made on Behalf of
Prisoner David Kiniry
Oakland Office San 'Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 3.
David Kiniry can be given a fair and
impartial trial in Alameda County, was
the decision of Judge Greene to
day. He denied the motion made for
a change of venue. In the hearing of
the matter this afternoon Attorneys
Paere and Gentry pointed to the crowd
ed courtroom as evidence of the un
usual interest taken in the case, but
when called into chambers by Judge
Greene, who proposed that the doors
be locked on the crowd and each asked
in regard to his qualifications to sit as
a Juror, they were not willing to sub
mit the matter to such a test.
In order to support the claim that the
local press had already tried and con
victed Kiniry, twenty different news
paper articles touching upon the case
were read. Against these District At
torney Allen presented an affidavit
from Chief of Police Hodgkins, who
had Kiniry in custody for some weeks;
another by Police Judge Mortimer
Smith, a brother of James H. Smith,
whom Kiniry is accused of having
murdered, and another by Courtroom
Clerk Lester C. McNulty to the effect
that from what they'had seen and their
different points of view there was no
reason why Kiniry could not be given
an impartial trial here, and this view
was coincided in by Judge Greene.
Kiniry's trial was then set for Febru
ary 27.
NOTICE SERVED TO
REMOVE STREET SIGNS
Inspector Blair Begins Work Prelimin
ary to Clearing Oakland's Thor
oughfares of Many Obstructions.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3.—Street Inspector
W. W. Blair to-day began the prelim
inary work of notifying merchants to
remove all signs and other street ob
structions, in accordance with the
order of Mayor Olney. The police
have compiled a list of 1251 places of
business where obstructions are main
tained that are objectionable under
the Mayor's order.
The Street Inspector has been in
structed to make careful note of re
plies made by business men to the
request for voluntary removal of the
offending signus. In all cases where
rtfusal to act is encountered, the
Street Department will be directed to
remove the obstructions. Thursday
morning the department will begin
operations upon all remaining signs.
■ « *> •
EDUCATION BOARD WILL
CALL BOND ELECTION
Purpose Is to Provide Many New
School Buildings and Buy
Sites.
BERKELEY, Jan. 3.—The Board of
Education to-night voted to call an
election to raise $150,000 by bonds for
new school buildings and sites. Fol
lowing is the programme:
New brick slxteen-room building at Grove
B J lncr ? £t «move present bOUd
td ' u ! V °v^ and Caials "reets, total $62 000
New brick twelve-room building, Russ at«lt
and College avenue. $35,000; addftion SoT,
$10 0 0° : addition four
rooms to Columbus School, $8000; new site Sac
ramento and Hopkins streets, $2600; addition to
Whitticr School site. $7000; addition fojr Zm,
to same. $8000; addition four rooms to Lint?r?n
School $8500; addition San I^bTOhTOlflSaSb"
izztzz: $ a £So. e<iuipnient * fmy -* «5»
The issue is to be in $500 4U per
cent bonds. The date of the election
will be fixed after conference with the
Distinct Attorney. ■
Engineer Peters Laid to Rest.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3.—The funeral Of
Herman L. Peters, the engineer who
was killed in the wreck of the Oregon
express at Suisun last Saturday, was
held to-day under the auspioes of the
Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers
The services were held at 1 p. m., and
were conducted by Chaplain Charles
Dyer and A. D. Kneff, of the local
lodge. Music was furnished by the
Masonic Quartet, and Engineer E. C.
Erne acted as marshal. The pall
bearers were D. B. Chase, H. M. Hoos.
G. Drake, R. Aiken, W. Munroe and
D. Collyer. Interment was in Moun
tain View Cemetery.
Choose Convention Dates.
OAKLAND, Jan. B.—The Democratic
City Central Committee has fixed Feb
ruary 6 as the date for its municipal
convention. The same date has been
■elected by Hie Union Labor Party.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1905.
JEWELRY TAKEN
BY BOLD THIEF
Plague of Petty Robberies
in Some of the Lodging-
Houses of University Town
WOMEN LOSE VALUABLES
Watches, Rings, Money and
Other Possessions Removed
by Daring Room Operator
BERKELEY, Jan B.—An epidemic of
robberies in the principal lodging
houses of Berkeley on the downtown
streets has convinced the police and the
victims, too, that a systematic cam
paign is being carried out by a daring
room thief in the college town, who
during the last few weeks has rifled
the rooms of a half-dozen families, get
ting a quantity of jewelry, money and
other valuables.
Six of these affairs have been re
ported to Marshal Kerns during the
last few days. Mrs. Alice Berry, re
siding in the Golden Sheaf building on
Shattuck avenue, was robbed of a dia
mond and opal ring, a gold ring and a
gold watch last Saturday afternoon.
She had left her room to go on the roof
of the building and In her absence the
valuables were taken. At about the
same time Mrs. Anna Hartley's room,
on the same floor, was rifled of a quan
tity of silver. Mrs. Alice Gardner, in
the Thomas block on Center street, lost
a gold watch, several valuable rings
and a saving bank nearly full of money
last Sunday night.
The room of Odachi Jeiku, a Jap
anese, in the Thomas block, was de
spoiled of several articles the same
night, Including a small sum of money.
Millard Matthews, a grocery store
solicitor, with rooms in the Thomas
block, was robbed last week of a num
ber of rings while he and his wife were
in Oakland. Gus Bemal, In the same
building, missed from his rooms recent
ly a feather boa valued at $40.
MATRIMONY THE
NEW YEAR RAGE
ABOUT OAKLAND
ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE
OAKL«ANI>, Jan. 3.—There must be some
thing peculiarly conducive to matrimony in the
atmosphere of the city of oaks, or else Oak
land girls are more than ordinarily fascinating.
Personal experience inclines to the latter be
lief, but, whatever the cause, certain It Is
that the city la becoming famed for the num
ber ot important marriages that take place
here.
Although only three days old. the new year
has already been prolific of interesting an
nouncements, and still they come.
The latest to make known her approaching
marriage is Miss Leila McKlllic&n, one of the
prettiest and most charming of Oakland's
maids. Her fiance is an Eastern man. Waiter
Boyd Townsend, and they make a very attrac
tive couple, as he is a splendid looking fellow.
Miss Mcklllican is the daughter or Robert Mc-
Kiilican, one time Sheriff of Alameda County.
Her fiance is the son of Henry Townsend, gen
eral manager of the Oould railroad lines in
St. Louis, and the young groom is also in the
same company's employ, being traveling
freight and passenger agent for the .Denver
and Hlo Grande, with headquarters In San
Francisco.
The wedding will follow close upon the an
nouncement of the engagement, a date in
February having been selected, and the newly
married pair will include St. Louis in the very
interesting wedding itinerary they have
planned.
Misa McKilllcan's many girl friends will be
delighted to learn that Mr. Townsend intends
building a handsome home In Alameda. He is
lond of nautical sports and will probably man
a pleasure yacht betore many moons.
• • •
As many another talented girl has done.
Miss Klsa Hunt has abandoned all thought ot
a musical career to wed the man of her choice.
Clarence B. Munaon, a young business man of
San Francisco, is the lucky individual who
has diverted the singer's mind from music to
matrimony. Miss Hunt has a contralto voice
of unusual range, and alter receiving a good
start under the careiui tutelage o£ Mrs. Biake
Alverson she went to Boston, where she at
tracted attention as a pupil in the Conserva
tory of Music there. For two years before
her return to Oakland, a tew months ago, she
studied with William L>. Whitney in the In
ternational School for Vocalists.
Miss Hunt is the only daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. George W. Hunt of this city, and the
weddlrw, tor which no date has yet been set,
will probably be a large church affair.
• • •
Nearly all of fashionable Oakland partici
pated in the charity tea at Mrs. Coghlli's yes
terday alternoon. As it was a holiday, wives
took their husbands, and maids their
sweethearts, in tow and the sight of dozens of
black coats in the assembly of feminine tea
drinkers waa a pleasant and unusual sight.
If the men only realized how the women enjoy
these visits—which are really like angels',
they are so few and far between—they would
develoo abnormal appetites for afternoon tea.
Mrs. Coghlll is a charming hostess always
and her own gracious efforts were agreeably
seconded yesterday by the coterie of ladies as
sisting. Music —and good music by Mrs. Max
well Taft and Miss Elsie Cahill—added greatly
to the day"s pleasure, and the many guests
who contributed by their presence to the suc
cess of the affair expressed their satisfaction
enthusiastically.
Some of the smartest gowns seen this winter
were worn at the tea, Mrs. George H. Wheaton
lookins very handsome in a black velvet
gown, and Crissle Taft was perfectly stunning
in a black crepey affair trimmed with tiny
roses.
The tea was for the benefit of St. Paul's
Guild fund. It netted a pleasing sum.
Soma of the young girls who assisted the
ladles of the guild were Miss Gertrude Gould
Miss Jane Crellln, Miss Ethel Crelltn Miss
Irene Bangs. Miss Maud Edith Pope, Miss Ann
McElratb. Miss Letltia Barry, Miss Jessie
Fox, Miss Carmen Sutton, Miss Noelle de Go
11a. Miss Rose Kales. Miss Ruth Kaies, Miss
Msrietta Havons, Miss Pauline Fore, Miss
Gertrude Allen, Miss Natalie Fore, Miss Ger
trude Russell, Miss Florlnn*? Brown, Miss Sal
lle Hampton. Miss Elsie Fry, Miss Ada Brown
Miss Bessie Coghlll. Miss Violet Whiting, Miss
Allardt. a a ,
Another large New Tear'a reception that at
tracted a hundred or two guests out Piedmont
way was that) given by the Phllura Club at
the residence Of Mrs. Arthur Moore.
The Mcores/—Mrs. Moore was Miss Helen
Hagar—have only recently moved into their
new home and wandering through the cosy
apartments was one of the chief pleasures of
the visitors, for, delightfully situated on the
hillside, the cottage is artistically planned and
furnished. The holiday colors adorned the
rooms effectively.
The members of the club who dispensed hoe.
pitallty to their many callers ware Mrs. Ar
thur Moore, Miss Clara Brown. Miss Ella
Brown, Miss Gertrude Mansfield, Miss Ger
trude Hlbberd, Miss Edith Hlbberd. Miss
Aphia Vance. Miss Hattie Huggtns, Miss
Louise Hager, Mrs. R. Horst. Miss Jessie
Benton, Miss Lou Magan, Miss Arlett Hughes
and Mrs. Henry Mowbray.
Young Burglar's Fate.
OAKLAND, Jan. B.—Carl Bohte, one
of the quartet of youthful burglars
arrested for stealing 110 from the
■tore of L. M. Stanley at 529 Ninth
street, pleaded guilty this morning
before Judg£ Greene. He will appear
for sentence next Friday, and will
probably be sent to a reform school.
In the cases of Tony Soares and Ar
thur Fredericks, who were arrested
with Bohle, Judge Greene Intimated
that the complaint was defective and
instructed the District Attorney to file
a new one.
CHICKEN INCUBATOR
SAVES A BABY.
EXPERIMENT IS A SUCCESS
Child Gets Health Under Novel
Physical Treatment.
Oakland Off * San Francisco Call,
1016 Bnadway, Jan. 3.
Although the nursing of infantß by
incubators is by no means new to med
ical science, it has remained for Dr. W.
A. Clark, superintendent of the Ala
meda County Infirmary, to successful
ly adapt an incubator designed for the
hatching of eggs to the maturing of a
baby. The novel sight of a tiny child
reposing snugly in the interior of a
machine used to bring members of
the feathered tribe into being may
now be seen at the institution, and Dr.
COURT ROLES
FOR J. J. HILL
E. H. Harriman Loses Suit in
Which Northern Securities
Stock Is Cause of Action
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 3.—The
United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Judicial District, in an opinion
filed here to-day, reverses a decision
of the New Jersey Circuit Court, which
restrainod the Northern Securities
Company from distributing certain
stock of the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company. The decision is a defeat
for the interest represented by E. H.
Harriman.
By a decree of the New Jersey court
the Northern Securities Company was
restrained from disposing of 370,320
shares of the common stock of the
Northern Pacific Railway Company, al
leged to have been received from E. H.
Harriman and Winslow S. Pierce, and
of 347,090 shares of - the common stock
of the Northern Pacific Railway Com
pany received by the Northern Securi
ties Company from the Northern Paci
fic Company. To-day's decision, how
ever, gives the Northern Securities
Company the right to dispose of the
stock.
Harriman and Pierce, when the
Northern Securities Company had been
declared by the United States Supreme
Court to be an illegal combination, de
manded the return of the original stock
they had contributed at the time of the
organization of the combination. The
Northern Securities Company, it was
claimed, Intended to make a pro rata
distribution of the stock of the con
tributing companies. The opinion was
written by Judge Dallas.
NEW YORK, Jan. 3.— E. H. Harri
man, when shown the bulletin an
nouncing the decision of the court in
the Northern Securities case, said:
"The matter now has been before
four Judges and so far it is an even
division, two having declared for us
and two against us."
Harriman declined to say anything
further regarding the case.
J. J. Hill was seen at his office. He
said he was pleased, but not surprised
at the decision. There will pc no haste,
he said, in distributing the assets of
the Northern Securities Company. He
was asked:
"Does this mean a settlement?"
"Why, yes, the court settles it."
Hill was asked whether there would
be a meeting of the opposing interests
as a result of to-day's decision. He
said he knew of no reason for such a
meeting. Hill was reminded that Schiff
had appeared before the directors of
the Northern Securities Company last
summer with a settlement proposition.
To this Hill replied that Schiff on that
occasion showed that he stood alone in
his attitude.
PRINCETON WILL HAVE
A FINE ROWING LAKE
Soon to Be Built With Arrangements
for Lighting at the Uni
versity.
NEW YORK. Jan. 3.—By the con
struction of Princeton or Carnegie
Lake, four miles long and a mile wide,
work on which will be begun early in
the Bprlng, not only will Princeton
University obtain a fine rowing course,
but a long step will have been taken
toward making Princeton, N. J., one
of the most attractive as well as ex
clusive inland summer resorts in the
country.
The lake, which will have a uniform
depth of eight feet, will be formed by
damming Millstone River, and will
extend along the Delaware and Raritan
canal. The dam at Kingston will be
of solid concrete. A wide boulevard
will skirt the lake, and both will be
illuminated by electricity for carnivals
in the winter when there is skating.
Part of the water power will be util
ised to run an electric plant to supply
the current for use in lighting and
other purposes.
PERKINS A DELEGATE
TO FORESTRY CONGRESS
Senator Represents the Sierra Club
and a Society of Southern
California.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.—Senator
Perkina has been delegated to repre
sent the Sierra Club at the American
Forestry Congress now in .session in
this city, and also to represent the
Southern California Forest and Water
Society, o£ Los Angeles.
As acting chairman of the Senate
Committee on Forestry. Senator Per
kins will report the bill providing for
the transfer of the National forest re
serves f the Jurisdiction of the in
terior to the agricultural department
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Box of
THE NEW
GRAHAM BISCUITS,
Made by the
MUTUAL BISCUIT COMPANY.
Free With Every Small Ad In
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Pace for Further
Particulars.
Clark says that, so far, his experiment
has proved a great success.
The little one Is the child of Mrs.
Wills, who was admitted to the in
firmary about a month ago, and it is
now 1 week old. Soon after the
birth of the baby Dr. Clark decided
that artificial means must be used to
preserve its life, and as there was no
regular baby hatcher at the infirmary
he was forced to try the chicken in
cubator for the purpose.
At birth the baby weighed but three
pounds, but with careful attention it
has thrived during its short existence
and now weighs four pounds.
ADAMS STILL
IN THE FIGHT
He Says He Will Stay With
Contest Until All Hope of
Success Has Disappeared
DENVER, Jan. 3.—At noon to-mor
row the Legislature, which will settle
the gubernatorial contest between
Governor Peabody and Alva Adams,
will be called to order. It is expected
that all of to-morrow will be required
for the work of organization and that
no action bearing on the governorship
will be taken.!
It is practically certain that the first
thing that will be done by the Senate
after it is in working order will be
the unseating of Senators Robert M.
Born of Alamosa and Daniel Healey
of Leadville. Their seats will be given
to the Republicans, James B. Dick
and Jesse McDonald. The latter is
Lieutenant Governor elect and will re
tain his seat as Senator only until
such time as he is sworn into office.
The makeup of the Legislature will
be at the opening to-morrow and With
out reference to any of the contests:
Senate, Republicans, 19; Democrats,
15; House, Republicans, 47; Democrats,
18; on joint ballot. Republicans 66,
Democrats 33.
No intimation was given by the Su
preme Court this afternoon as to the
time when it would hand down its de
cision on the application of Alva
Adams to have the ballot boxes used
at the last election in this city ex
amined, but by the attorneys on both
sides it is believed that announce
ment will be made by the court in the
morning.
The attorneys for Adams made this
morning a strong effort to have the
inquiry confined te the ballot boxes
only, and urged that it be not extend
ed to the registration slips and the
poll books. An Inquiry of this magni
tude, they contended, would consume
the greater part of a year and would
entail expenses which could not at this
time be even estimated.
Attorney Hersey for the Republi
cans, insisted that the full scope of the
alleged frauds could not be shown by
an examination of the baHot boxes
only, and declared that if Adams was
unable to endure half the expenses
of the inquiry the Republicans would
stand all the expense.
The Democratic plans are dependent
upon the line of action taken by the
Republicans, but Adams said to-day
that he would continue to fight until
there was absolutely no hope of suc
cess.
Clapp to Go Back to Senate.
ST. PAUL, Jan. 3.—The Republican
members of the Legislature in caucus
to-night renominated United States
Senator Moses E. Clapp, 127 to 1. Gov
ernor Van Sant had announced his
candidacy, but did not receive a vote
in the caucus.
Third Term for Burrows.
LANSING, Mich., Jan. 3.—United
States Senator Burrows was renom
inated for a third term to-night by ac
clamation in a joint caucus of the two
houses of the State Legislature. There
are no Democrats in the Legislature.
EIGHTEEN FOUNDLINGS
CAUSE OF LEGAL FIGHT
Court Asked to Compel Guardians of
Children From New York to
Give Them Up.
TUCSON, Aris... Jan. 3.—Eugene S.
Ives, president of the last Territorial
Council, and Thomas D. Bennett, for
merly United States Attorney, have
secured writs of habeas corpus for the
eighteen foundlings given over into
the hands of Mexican families at Clif
ton by representatives of the New
York Foundling Society and after
ward seized by an enraged population
and taken into American families.
The latter have secured letters
of guardianship over the children and
thought the children would be no
longer disturbed, although they have
formed an organisation to fight just
such proceedings as this.
FARMERS SWALLOW BAIT
OF GREEN GOODS MEN
Go to New York at Invitation of Op
erator, but Arrest Blocks
the Plan.
NEW YORK, Jan. 3.—Accepting an
invitation from the literary bureau of
a green goods operator to come on
and se e the sights of New York free
of cost and Incidentally to buy $3000
worth of "money" for $500 cash,
James S. Eaton, aged 61, and his son,
William F. Eaton, aged 34, farmers
of Abermont, Tuscaloosa County, Ala.,
arrived in Newark this morning and,
obeying instructions, registered at the
Palace Hotel. " Soon afterward they
were accosted by George Davis, who,
it is alleged, is employed by a green
goods operator. The three men took
a train to Jersey City, where all were
arrested.
Nine of Family Die In Flames.
ELMIRA, N. V., Jan. 3.—Fire con
sumed the home of Frank Noweski, a
Polish miner, in Morris Run, Pa., early
to-day and the entire family of ten,
except the oldest son, aged 18, was
either burned to death or smothered.
LONE FOOTPAD
HOLDS UP TWO
He .Did It With His Little
Revolver and Victims Say
the Work Was Thorough
ROBS WHILE YOU WAIT
Turns Pedestrians' Faces
From Him, Picks Pockets
and Makes Quiet Retreat
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 3.
Highwaymen were at large in Oak
land again to-night, and two hold-ups
were reported to the police. The first
occurred at about 8 o'clock, when Ed
win Handley, a clerk In the employ oi
Taft & Pennoyer, was walking up Web
ster street, near Durant, to make a call.
He was suddenly confronted by a man
with a revolver, who turned him
around, searched him from behind, took
a few* dollars in silver from him and
then told him to march back to Oak
land. Handley says the man was me
dium-sized, wore dark clothes and a
soft hat.
J. H. Franks, residing at 960 Chest
nut street, was held up at 8:30 o'clock
at Tenth and Grove streets by a lone
footpad, who stopped him by aiming a
pistol at his head and took $15 from his
victim. The description of this man in
a general way fits that of the single
handed operator who worked two
weeks ago and is supposed to have
slain Policeman George Brown.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
OAKLAND IN HEALTH. —Oakland. Jan. 8.
Dr. Edward yon Adelung, Health Officer, has
filed a report showing that during December
only two cases of diphtheria were reported
and not a case of scarlet fever.
CONGRESSMAN KNOWLAND RETURNS.
Alameda, Jan. 3. —Congressman Joseph R.
Knowland left for Washington yesterday to re
sume his work for the district which he rep
resents. Mr. Knowland was the only member
of Congress from California who returned to
the State during the Christmas holidays.
WOMAN ESCAPES ASYLUM. — Oakland,
Jan. 3 — The order committing Mrs. Marie
Ackerman to the Stockton Insane Asylum was
set aside to-day by Judge Melvln. The Rev.
F. W. Meyer, pastor of the German Methodist
church at East Seventh street and Twenty
third avenue, has agreed to care for her. 1
FATHER GETS CHlLD.—Oakland, Jan. 3.—
The decree of divorce separating Thomas A.
Marlon from Grace E. Marion was modified
to-day by Judge Melvln so as to take the
custody of the child Ethel from the mother
and give it to the father. Marion was granted
a decree on the ground of Intemperance, but
the mother waa given the child originally.
Gertrude Swanson was granted an interlocu
tory decree from Carl G. Swanson on the
ground fit desertion.
SUPERIOR JUDGES CHANGE.—Oakland,
Jan. 3.—There was a general change on the
Superior bench of Alameda County to-day as
follows: Department 1. Judge S. P. Hall: de
partment S. Judge Henry A. Melvln; depart
ment 3, Judge John Ellsworth: department 4,
Judge F. B. O&den; department 5. Judge W.
E. Greene. By this change Judge Greene goes
from the probate department to the criminal.
Judge Hall goes from the criminal to the civil,
while Judge Ogden goes from the civil to the
probate. , . .
NEW DEPUTY CORONERS. —Alameda, Jan.
3.—Hugh C. Gallagher and A. P. Smiley of the
undertaking Arm of Smiley & Gallagher have
been appointed deputy coroners for this city
by Coroner H. B. Mehrmann, vice James Fow
ler, removed. The new deputies are leading
young business men and are prominent po
litically, fraternally and socially. James Fow
ler, who retires from the office of deputy
coroner of Alameda, filled the poelUon for
nine years. Hereafter the local Morgue will
be at the establishment of Smiley * Gallagher
on Santa Clara avenue, near Park street.
MARRIAGE LICENSES—OakIand, Jan. 3.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
by the County Clerk to-day: Perclval G.
Jacobus Jr., 23, Oakland, and Alice M. Olney,
24 Pleasanton; John Trede, 39, and Margaret
F..' Wilcox, 31, both of Red Bluff; Wilford
Callau, 21. and Rose Song, 19, both of San
Francisco; Lawrence L. Gallagher, 29, and
Lena Thomas, 19, both of San Francisco; John
Courdet, 40, and Josephine Mongalas, 36, both
or Oakland; Henry A. Gamble, 36, Stockton,
and Ella Bowman, 37, San Francisco; Charles
H. Blair, 24 Coallnga. and Mary A. Wool
bridge 35, Berkeley; Henry J. Waugh, over
21, .Vkiah, and Atha M. Rice, over 18, Oak
land; Philip Dunajer, over 21. and Lily Phul
son, over 18, both of Oakland.
SCOUTS STORY OF DIVINE
ORIGIN OF LIFE ON EARTH
Professor Says It Is Result of Chemi
cal Processes and Secret Will
Soon Be Known.
CHICAGO, Jan. 3.—Hundreds of
University of Chicago medical students
gathered in the physiological lecture
room to-day and heard Dr. A. P. de
Mathews, professor of physiological
chemistry, declare that there was no
such thing as a divine creation of
Eden.
The Bible references were taken for
naught by Professor de Mathews. The
story of the creation of Adam and
Eve. he declared, was mythical. He
refused to consider it. He stated his
belief that only real chemical forms,
acting under certain physical condi
tions, could produce life. Said Dr. de
Mathews:
There is no such thing as a "divine origin
of life. Life is on a purely physical and
chemical basis. Certain chemical, substances
came together under certain physical condi
tions and the result was life.
I believe that It is possible to create life.
There Is no doubt In my mind but that in a
short time real life will be produced. Won
derful advances have been made In physiolo
gical chemistry in the last decade. It is now
only a question of a short time before some
scientist will discover the process of the final
stage. J _
CAPTAIN BROOME WANTS
DIVORCE SET ASIDE
Says Wife Obtained Decree in Califor
nia Before He Knew Anything
About It.
BINGHAMTON, N. V., Jan. 3.—
Captain George E. Cochrane Broome,
late of the United States army in
Porto Rico, whose wife recently ob
tained a divorce from him in Califor
nia courts, has brought suit against
Clarence F. Hotchklss to recover prop
erty which, he says, was sold illegally.
The suit is brought in the name of his
infant daughter, who is supposed to
be with her mother in California.
Captain Broome has been appointed
a legal guardian of his child in tms
State and although the California
courts gave the custody of the girl to
Mrs. Broome he will try td obtain the
child by legal measures.
Captain Broome says he knew noth
ing of the divorce obtained by his
wife until after he arrived in this city.
He will take steps to have the divorce
set aside.
Think Mystery is Solved
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3.—The police
believe they have solved the mystery
of the murder of Charles Foss, a sailor,
who waa knocked down and kicked to
death on the street here by two un
known men on the night of December
2« last. They have taken into custody
Charles Murray, a young man 24 years
of age, who will have his preliminary
hearing to-morrow.
BR ANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
SI 48 Center Street.
"Telephone North 71.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
CITIZENS' ALLIANCE ENDS
SESSION IN SACRAMENTO
Resolutions Adopted Reamrrning Be
lief In the Open Shop for
Labor.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. *.—The State
Federation of Citizens' Alliance con
cluded Its labors to-day and adjourned
I to meet in San Francisco on February
j6. Addresses were delivered by Her
bert George, Bush Finnell and J. A.
I Emery of San Francisco, R. A. Mar
shall of Portland, M. L. Gross of Pet
aluma, Clif McClellan of Tuolumne, L.
J. Scooffy of Fort Bragg, Fulton G.
Berry, of Fresno, G. A. Mendt of Sac
ramento, J. F. Lynch and L. G. Bur
nett of Stockton.
A resolution reaffirming belief in the
open shop, discriminating against a
trust of employes and asserting the
t right of every man to follow the trade
j that suits him best, without restriction,
was adopted. Another resolution con
demning as dangerous the policy of or
ganized labor, which has prohibited
and penalized membership in the
State militia, was presented and in
dorsed.
CALIFORNIA STUDENTS
AT HARVARD COLLEGE
Those From the Coast Who Are Reg
istered for the Advanced
Work.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Jan. B.—The
new catalogue of Harvard University
made public to-day shows the follow
ing Californians and Hawaiians reg
istered in the first year classes of th»
academic and professional schools:
Academic—Harold Kainalu, Long Castle.
Honolulu, Hawaii; Frederick Dwlght L. Wrey,
Honolulu. Hawaii; Marcus Boruck Whitney,
San Francisco. Cal.
Special in academic—Henry Alexander Walk
er Honolulu. Hawaii.
Law school—Julius Bendlct Coha. A. 8.,
Leland Stanford Jr. University. 1902, Loa An
geles, Cal.; Reglnal Goodwin Fernaid. A. 8..
Leland Stanford Jr. University, 1903; Chaun
cey Shafter Goodrich, A. 8., Tale University,
1904; Rufus Hatch K'.mball. A. 8.. Leland
Stanford Jr. University. 1903; Wilder Wight,
1,. 8.. University of California, 1904, Honolulu,
Hawaii.
Medical school —Howard Felix Adler, Uni
versity of California, San Francisco, Cal.
The catalogue shows 4196 men in
attendance at the university.
BULLET FOR HIS FRIEND
AS A CHRISTMAS PRESENT
Portland Man, Actuated by Jealousy,
Kills Wife, Her Supposed Lover
and Himself.
PORTLAND, Jan. 3.—Enraged by
Jealousy of Frank Dunne, who he be
lieved had alienated his wife's affec
tions, Henry H. Loomis to-day killed
Dunne and Mrs. Loomis and then com
mitted 'suicide.
Loomis met Dunne on the street to
day and. saluting him with the state
ment, "Here's a Christmas present for
you," drew his revolver and fired three
times, one of the bullets hitting Dunne
in the head and killing him. Loomis
then ran a few blocks to his own home,
where he found his wife. Without a
word of warning he shot twice at the
woman, both bullets taking effect.
The murderer then rushed into his
bedroom, got his razor and, after cut
ting his throat from ear to ear, went
to the room where his wife lay, took
her dead body in his arms and expired.
CITIZENS OF LAKEPORT
DO NOT WANT A DAM
Hold Mass Meeting and Raise Fund to
Defeat Plans of Yolo Water
Company.
LAKEPORT, Jan. 3.—A mass meet
ing of the citizens of Lake County
was held here to-day to discuss ways
and means for controlling the waters
ol Clear Lake and prevent the Yolo
County Water Company from putting
a dam at the outlet that would cause
an overflow and drown out the farmers
around the lake. There were several
hundred people present.
A fund of $800 was subscribed in a
few minutes to defray the expense of
steps to oppose the dam. An execu
tive committee, consisting of J. W.
Boggs, W. E. Greene, George A. Lyon,
George Dalny and Mack Sleeper, was
appointed to take charge of the mat
ter.
Weber Case Continued.
AUBURN. Jan. 3. — The case of
Adolph Weber, charged with robbing
the Placer. County Bank, came up to
day. Because of the inability of Grove
L. Johnson to appear the case was con
tinued and set for Friday morning hy
Judge Prewett.
Death Ends Texan's Visit.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 3.—James M. Eves,
of Texas, who was visiting his cousin.
J. S. Bustin, here, was found dead in
his chair at the latter's residence this
afternoon. Death was from natural
causes.
Drops Dead in San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 3. — Mrs. Ross,
mother of Councilman Bowen of Loa
Angeles, dropped dead here to-day.
LONDON. Jan. 3.—The Government haa of
fered Adolph Beck $25,000 in compensation for
wrongful Imprisonment.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RATIONAL TREATMENT
or
Stomach Diseases
MEANS:
Discard Injurious Drugs
use
Stycozone
A Harmless Powerful Germicide
Endorsed by Leading Physicians.
Send twenty-five cents to pay postage
on Free Trial Bottle. Sold by leading
druggists.
NOT OCNUINK WITHOUT MT •I«NATUMS:
StO PRINCE ST., NEW YORK.
writi ro* Pmm aooKLrr om Rational Tmxtmbmt
or Dim*—THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM.
»»» r >»rr»» s> y y » »r **MKm *MK*M*,*M*M *»JMUUI »M*M» raUUMttUt eUefclUt ¥Mn*M**M*M, mtmt *M*»M **UW l(i»JtfU»jr«lUt«tft ******* *ltl».lUUUtteiW ***>Ut*» *,t%K*MVK HKHWKltttit ft****
g. ; a , J
$ The Great Sale Of Men's Mysterious Ceesar & Co. in Trunk Mystery and Parlor Magic — Corsets Half Price $
J and! Boys' Shirts Attraction Hall — Second Floor — Daily, 10 and n a. m., 2:30 and 4 p. m. and Even Less i
\ Tne biggest single offering of men's and — W M 4IS rW WW* AH of our ° roken io; ' ° f Cor4Ct4 ' irr "P ccti " of 3
shirts ever made west of Chicago. We IO •£ Btt MH ■■II I I «■ WI 7 V makc ' model or are now on at these remark- J
be M J ■ JLf Lf cut
£ Men's red Shirts —A ! sizes, various shtdes of red Genuine Whalebone filled imported CoutU or Brocade — _ J
J and 50 id reds and Btri P es - worth *' and J l -so each, this Notwithstanding that we occupied two full pages of the Monday morning papers with our announcements Cors: '*- * IO » *7.s<>.nd $s, now 93.39 *
% -a c 25c r 1 ■ 1 f 1 r 1 • x if - j f rr«mh Coutil Corsets—ln white or black, good mod- _ _ C
Men's $1 soit bosom shirts—Neat strip-s ana rig. f° r "» ,s sa ' e we were unable to find space for the items from several of our most important departments. In c ., that a* re gu iari y $ 4 .00 *nd $ 5 . 00 , now . .. . §x.35 %
I r " 500 and 55c to-day's announcement a number of new departments are exploited. In to-morrow's advertising and s tu r^" £ r*gi $1.65 *
i "eSo" d -Mto that ° f the fol,owin » da - vs more new departments will be brought to the front. We are adjusting stocks by w*k* ** *urn* ccW«i«uri/ —*j 5
Boy3'7scBoHshirts-Fancy' P 'eatedand w."e.4fl£ weeding out'all small and surplus lots preparatory to making an effort to increase this business 20 per cent during blue and * £
B o y s'so ca n d7 s c sun hosom . 2Sc t he coming year. The effort is sincere and earnest and the greatest value g iving in our historyisnow - **. * = gO« j
t Waist Coat ana Suit The Stock Adjuster Mercilessly Cuts Stock Adjusting Sale
1 Stock Adjusting Sale Prices of Winter Dress Goods and Silks In the Juvenile Dept.
\ Yesterday's sales the largest in j he best rj ress Goods and Silk offering ever placed before our patrons, not only in In addition to the many items told of in our mam- |
clear 1904 garment means point of quantity and variety.but in the remarkable values that are offered. Forexample: moth Monday "Ads," we place on sale a manufac- |
\w that we have made the lowest A finely assorted lot of 36-inch Wool Dress 46-in. Etamines, London Twines, turer's sample stock of boys' kilt.suits and dresses |
i prices ever quoted in this"town on Goods, consisting of mixed suitings in large va- fancy Etamines, wire cords; 54-in. at tnan cost t0 make> %
I m up-to-date goods. »r.n. suitings in spring Nearly 200 of them in all from New York . s J
£ n'i The most important importedi Etamines that were always 23c colorings; also a wonderful array of leading maker of clothes for little folks. We 5
* \ 51' ' Waist reductions Will OUicklv SOld ' 0r 500 a yard ' *° r tnlS Sale des-.rab.c Black Dress Fabrics, including 54- cannot use his name because he has sold these i
I \ 4 IIfIVANkJ \ n thp u/nrW nf .|l n nrP y " di ,erviceab:e Drc ' B Fabrics—Consisting of wool paids, in. black canvas suitings, Panama cloth, knob same sty , es to others in San Francisco, and I
W i»i ifiriaWSSaSlil au>UlUlt LlCdldllcc tweeds, sackings and ladies' cloth, Melange colorings; also 54-inch Etamines, wire cords, siik and wool suitings, wool they are being offered at the regular prices. /H - *
% !n section Ot the women S de- mixed suiting*, values from 50c to 75c the yard, tor 00#» grenadines, etc., etc., values from However his trade marks and tickets are on J
I 1 XTCgjftk » partment You were never offered this sale ; VvU $i to $2.50 the yard, for this sale O«7Cr e very one of these suits, and the suits are all FtL ?
i waists al such low prices in or out 5000 yards of good 75c and $1.00 Silks, 4800 yards of Assorted Silks—The most l n *° A od condi ; ion - K , ilts and d !£ sse # s 1
i of^ ea?on - . r . . including 19-in.,24 and 2 7 in. colored desirable weaves-fine figured novelty ierges "in mwti MffHjli 1
I rlannels, veilings, lawns and taffetas; brocaded and fancy siiks for effects for shirt waists and suits; self col- them white serge, all nicely trimmed; just the jjj 1 mJM J
i " madras waists at these reductions: shirt waist suits, etc., reduced ored po!ka dots ' IndiB5 ' Si k R °y a: — Re s cnce ' b:ack » nd thing for play or dress wear, priced 'this way I
50c and 65c waists 29c f or n j s sa j e Q %M%0%0 Jasper and gun metal novelties and a variety ot piain and f or q U i c k selling: / $
%£tVZo'£l« I.:: ::: : I I %%% ABlackSUk WfeVing-HundrVdsof yards t t; r „TS Z". f :°! n \ " *'.' ! .° 59C $3.00 to $4.00 sty.es. $2.00 (// ]f§ i
I a?/"S W-a «a n. w W «. P :. ta $4.50 to $6.00 styles. $3.00 |
$3 50 to $s*oo waists .* ***. " $2.45 a |i.oo quality of black ai k Bengaline, all gSQf* Habutai or Jap silk, also white corded .ilka, O Boys' Navy Bloc Cheviot Norfolk Suiti, jfcj? y |
*; $5.50 to $6.75 waists $3.45 for thii sa c, yard «?«Zr€? regularly here 48c yard, for this aale .. . m3C Boy»' «-Piece Blue and Mixture Suits, now . .$2 JPm wk *
I An Unprecedented Suit and Cloak' Clearance-Almost 0 . - m^s Hm^4mmmAmm 4 u~~S~i.E~~- l° yt ', obb^ Wirm Ra " iin f n ° w * '* 2 9 *
I every style, material and color desired wili be found StOCK Adjustment Ot MOUSefUmtSmngS * Jfc" ie ? "f , °™ I
tin this sale. The assortment given below includes suits Produces Some Deep PHCO Cuttings Boy" #i«.eo stZ uLg s-h,, iw*. | J .* If.OO 5
| $Vw$ n K . A thousand and one useful articles of which we have but a few of a kind and I
i 17.50, 20.00 and 22.50 values at 510.85 wh,ch space at our dlsposal a,lows us t0 mentlon but a feW of ' GakV $U\ « $5. 5 0 Reefer., now # . 9 8c $1.90 %
t 25.00, 27.50 and 30.00 Values at $14.30 yfr (9 Girl.' Sample. Spring Drea.es, 5 o to | 5 .00 .tyles now j
32.50. 35.00 and 37.50 values at 518.30 Mm * UO ° ° * 3m33 S
j 40.00, 42 50 and 45.00 values at $25.00 . —: fjPli m%*Mimm**4mmn»m &-*M** ?
50.00 to 5.50 Suits $35.00 to $ 75.00 /VWI S3 „ ™ OJ * .'"..'"J 9 . ™ c . 3
15.00 to $25.00 siik shirt waist suits 50.35 l^^J™j^ ; Household and Hotel Supplies %
I r Z —— - - ' |ft J?) -.iiMSP Frutt of lhe Loom Musitn— (None to dealers), yard 7 l O 1
Ut hpecial Interest mi fi*42ffi\ \ mf 11 s oc 10 6 s ,heets ' retd * ,or u,e » now 44c, 46c, 52c i
i Evening Coats $25.00 and $35.00 ggl
Values $38.50 to $100.00 / ' 1 Colored woolen blanket., with .light imperfection», about half price, pair . *
S — ■ - — Parker $I oo Coffee 4°c Bread Toasters, Bisseli's $2.50 Carpet p. 2 5 sets Mrs. Potts' 25c bottles Renovar, • $2.25 ' $2.95 X.
* MlSSes' and Women's H and Touristand JauntY mii ' t for 01 Biue Sweepers — for the Sad Irons, 3 irons, the well-known A Great Comforter Sale—-$l.OO to $2.00 values, five different grades, now J
£ <7 50 and S9 50 Values £4 85 _ * Fiamc oil Sfovc ' s:ock ad J ustin g Sl ' e handle and holder Turkish cleaning • 780 -o $1.58 °J
i Women's Jackets, regularlY "jio.'sb', now.... i °'"° g f : gOO '° r •• - • **» -; • BNataalSaiaOa. «y ■><S.S»wam%;fce 1
t $7.50 63-inch Mercerized German make table damask, per yard 54c *
% Alterations extra. fs\ 54163-inch turkey red cloth, 65c value 48c *
1 f mima ZZ! M mMW m m oSmS- J?l 1• II l|P 1 f»-A-*l 20x20-inch hemmed linen napkins. $1.00 values, dozen 78c *
The Great Muslmwear afjEjf>r J^^>- J J^ ? J a*s*** Km*, \
i StOCk AdJUSting Sale \ \ 9c Value Tennis Flanncls-For this.sale, yard. ®^ C ?
* . j f i . • j j ijS -iv \f ?4 yard cream wool flannels, 35c values, yard 24c ;«
t A multitude Of Short lines, to Which we have added /1 \\. Fancy Waisting Flannels and Plnta Whltc-50c value, this sale . . 360 2
* enormous purchases of well-made muslinwear. These Is ~&m&J? j? f-r / j \ %
i ire ail garments for service, produced by one of the ' ffiff^**' *^>^£ wm f / StOCk Adjusting Sale '
n best manufacturers of popular priced underwear, and we believe J *"*lJf flr ' M o%a~, I " 1
t the best values that the big store has ever offered. . , c c j D ~ „ „ -n •D , Of CIIOtCC GrCCCriCS %
* «fi j * , . . , jfi.co Folding Sew- <2.00 Gas Stove, 75c Serving Trays, $±. 50 Gas Radiators, full $1.00 Drying Racks, w * w«w*wi» ww« wwar «w .
J corset covers. #0o 3 o den |~5 o value gewns 50 do«n women, drawers, * Table, hi ghly solid frame, full in metal or papier nickeled and jeweled. to hang on wall, 7 On special tabUs, down center of the grocery action. Partial Kttt t
\ -WO •'J'-J'g " th po^ iBhed .^ # ; /5 nickeled.. $#.47 mache. each 33„ »o «of tubing. $3. ff S long arms . 4»0 L fr C^ CM ?J V ••. — f
* 9- dcren corset covers..ooo • sKlrt " wortn U P rjr 10 dozen women s drawers, X 0 Leader Condensed Milk, can .. at . .70 . • qt, iOO, % gal, IOCf t*h 36tf X
I no dozen corsn coven., jae good material, well made, 5° c galvanized iron Coal Hods 1 7 c <> coa fiber Door Mats (18x30) lOC Mouse Trap 50 Trophy or Cream Baking Powder.... . Fine Red Salmon, tin ac I «
* 4 o dozen corset cover S ..s3o sk,rtl worth «P t0 ****** extra .ize,, each .. 3 70 >• 00 smokeless and odorless Oi Heat- , 500 15c Sink Cleaner 5C r ;/ %£l4oi i*,280, Table Stl ib Mek J
t z, aoz:n coraet covers.,7so Skirt, worth'up to js of f° JO dozen poirs SOC5 OC drawer, . « | 7 5 C Shoe Repairing Outfit for . . 48C $ I«00 Paper Rack. . 500 "\ ill Cafe Bland, , ,5* pkg. for 2 50 1
X ;o dczen cor,et covers.. B3o 31*17 390 25c Bread Knive. .. . 12C I" ———^——a—M-aMi 85c blue md white Coffee pts . . 330 Dr Price's Lemon Extract ajc size. . 180 «
af ii dozen corset covers..aa«7 Skirts worth up to . . 20 dozen drawers, worth v? 75c enameled Dish Pans (lO sfc, sa» P°" 6"0O Catsup, S. * W., Heinz* or Long's,bot.lSO Dr- Price's Vanilla Extract, 30c size.. Jaffa \
£ 20 dozen well-made gowns 81.45 ,„«.„„ nnarA JQ„ /SI 1/ JBt <a en Ideal Ice Cream Freez- Horse Radish and Mustard, mixed, hot. fa© Sun Light Matches, 1 doz boxes in pkg. IOC S
I 390 Skirt, worth up to $y 25 . . - V Mrt ) I.« ' ? S%<*A^EL**M> M*M M> 14.50 WMi Ice Wesm rreez Pumpkin, regularly l S c, Van Camp's, Sut- Swedish Matches, 5S c boxes .... +O 0 S
J 10 dozen finer gown, .48 O $1.85 WotUOn'S Oh S9- $1 jO enameed Dish tans fL^f/J- ' ' $ImOS trr's or Napoleon-can Borax, *o Mule Team, regly 10c box. . J
>i 22 dozen 51.c0 value gowns Skirts worth up to 14.95 . . fff/SO» f worth 50c, 75c, (2 I quart) .... 96C * BMmflS %/M $1 00 Carving Sets, 3 plecei . 670 Johnson's P.neapple, grated, tin .. . 200 Lye, Rex or Banner, 4 cans 23C X
M ado $2mQB *i.OO, up to $2 20 each, 85c blue and white Tea Pots CALIFORNIA'S 15c Wire Carpet Beaters, ... 8C Heinz" Apple Butter, 3-lb crocks . . 380 Crystola Sand Soap, I cakes. .. . . 280 1
a. ' d wen $1. 10 gowns, each 125 dozen women's drawers, now marked 380.63 c. KQr% ' _ 2 5 c Frult Can Flilers 80 Molasses, Dixev brand Diamond C Soap, 18 bars 800 m
79c «eh 210 81c, 97c 27 OVO Americas grandest storS And many other items. . v, 1001 'i 19ot 380 Miller's Naphtha Soap, 13 ban ... 800 5
I Fresh-Churned Creamery Butter SKiSouSity, Full-Sized Squares, To-Day (Wednesday) Only, 34c |
S i '5
DENT LICENSE
FOR BAY STATE
Police Commission Insists
on Exacting Regulations
for French Restaurants
A renewal of the liquor license of
the Bay State cafe was denied by the
Police Commissioners last night be
cause the proprietor refused to remove
the doors and beds from the private
rooms on the upper floors of his es
tablishment. N. M. Adler, who has
a small fortune in fitting up the
place and whose lease at $1500 a month
has nine years more to run, pleaded
that he was conducting a hotel, that
lie needed the private rooms and beds
for his patrons, as does the Palace Ho
'i r for its guests. Attorney Rosenthal
reinforced his argument, setting forth
that in his opinion the commission was
going beyond all bounds of reason in
trying to make a Puritan city of San
Francisco." But their pleadings were
in vain, for Commissioners Hutton
. and Reagan declared themselves
t-trongly for a "wide-open house,"
where there can be no trysting place
;:nd no seclusion from the peering eyes
that are calculated to enforce morality.
Commissioners Drinkhouse and How
ell tried to save Adler from the ruin
of his business, but the votes of their
two colleagues were sufficient to deny
his application. Reagan and Hutton,
from their manner and statements, are
evidently determined in their campaign
against the French restaurants. The
licenses of Delmonico's and the Old
Poodle Dog are in Jeopardy, for they
are up for renewal and the hearings
will be held next Tuesday night.
Pedro Carrere of the Old Poodle
lx>g explained to the board that he
had replaced the doors of his rooms
« Hh portieres, but Reagan and Hutton
said that would not do and that the
hearing must go on at the next meet
ing.
Attorney Rosenthal wag vigorous in
bis argument in behalf of the Bay
State, and twice made the statement
that Commissioner Hutton had visited
the Stockton-street resort. The Com
missioner was not to be baited, how
ever, for he calmly but emphatically
denied the statements and wound up
with a request that personalities b«
eliminated. Rosenthal contended that
the strict regulations being laid down
by the commission only tended to
"make drunkenness and crime ram
pant."
"There Is no other city In the United
States where such places as the Bay
State, the Poodle Dog, Delmonico's and
others are allowed to exist," asserted
Hutton. "It is true that conditions in
San Francisco are not what they ought
to be," he added, "but we are doing
the best we can in the way of police
regulations to stop drunkenness and
crime."
When the eases of Sergeants Ellis,
Brophy and Fraher and of Patrolmen
Henry Heinz, Doran. O'Brien, MeGrath
and Munn were called, all of whom
were charged by Commissioner Hutton
with participation in corruption in
Chinatown, a communication was read
from District Attorney Byington ask
ing that the accused be not called to
testify until the Grand Jury finishes
its investigation.
"The cases are set peremptorily for
hearing next Tuesday night," an
nounced Chairman Howell. The Com
missioners do not purpose to delay
their Inquiry into the scandal more
than another week and, If necessary,
will defy the Grand Jury in the mat
ter.
Tho saloon license of Oscar Bucholz,
433 Bush street, was revoked because
gambling was allowed. George E. Hel
mer, a late arrival from Oregon, testi
fied that he was\fleeced out of |12 in
the place in a game of "freeze-out."
Commissioner Howell completed his
four years of service on the board last
night and the appointment of his suc
cessor is expected to be made by the
Mayor before the commission holds
another meeting.
Delegates to Breeders' Convention.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 3.—Governor
Pardee has appointed H. A. Jastro, of
Bakersfleld. and C. W. Cue, of San
Jose, delegates to the National Live
stock Breeders' Convention which
meets in Denver in January.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1905.
AIMS A BLOW
AT THE PRESS
Governor of Pennsylvania
Asks the Legislature to
Adopt Repressive Measures
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. B.—Gov
ernor Pennypacker, in his message to
the Legislature, recommends the im
position of a "slight tax upon each
ton of coal mined, the proceeds of the
tax to be used only in the construc
tion of roads or in the maintenance of
schools."
A great part of the message is de
voted to the press and the Governor
recommends more stringent legislation
for its control. In part he says:
Further legislation 1* required for the pro
tection of the commonwealth from the Injury
to her reputation and the disadvantage to the
administration of her affairs which arise from
the prevalent dissemination of scandalous in
ventions concerning her officials and their ef
forts in her behalf. It la not only an un
seemly spectacle, but it is a crime, which
the State ought to punish when day after
day the Mayor of one of her cities la depicted
In communion with a monster, compounded
from illustratlona of Cope's Palaeontology and
Dore's "Dante."
In the large cities what Is popularly called
"yellow journalism" Is gaining a foothold.
There la a daily newspaper of wide circulation,
published In the city of Philadelphia, osten
sibly by a Pennsylvania corporation.
Since its control of what had been a useful
and venerable newspaper began every Mayor
o: Philadelphia, every Governor, every United
States Senator, save one, who has only been
In office four weeks, and every legislator
of the commonwealth has been subjected to a
drily flood in Its columns, not of adverse
comment, but of invented untruths.
All of the people, proprietor and peasant,
churchman and heathen, are concerned alike
that a deliberate policy of false report to se
cure 111-gotten gain should not succeed. . What
Is the remedy? Sooner or later one must be
provided.
Under the English common law when a
woman habitually made outcries of scandala
upon the public highways to the annoyance
of the neighborhood she was held to be a
common scold and a public nuisance. Any
body may abate a public nuisance and she
was punished by being ducked In a neighbor
inn pond.
It has been held that the law of common
■colda la retained In Pennaylvanla, though
the punishment la by fine and imprisonment.
I suggest the application of this legal prin
ciple to the habitual publication of scandalous
untruths.
The Governor then outlines "an act
declaring the habitual publication and
dissemination by newspapers, journal?,
periodicals, pamphlets or circulars of
falsehood, defamation and scandal to
be a public nuisance and providing for
the abatement thereof" by suppress
ing the offending newspaper.
SUPREME COURT DECIDES
AGAINST J. J. MOORE & CO.
Favors the Government" In Case
Growing Oat of a Coal Order in
San Francisco.
WASHINGTON. Jan. B.—ln an opin
ion rendered by Justice McKenna, the
Supreme Court of the United States
to-day decided the case of John J.
Moore & Co. of San Francisco vs. the
United States adversely to Moore.
The case involved a claim for demur
rage on account of delay In delivering
coal to the order of the Government
in San Francisco. The court holds that
the Government was not liable, thus
affirming the judgment of the Court
of Claims. The lower court was, how
ever, reversed on another point in the
case, involving the quantity of coal.
Will Re Hanged Next Friday.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 3.—Henry
Milton, who murdered James Gilleece
in San Francisco, on Ninth street,
April 14, 1903, will be hanged at San
Quentin Prison next Friday. No appli
cation has been filed asking the Gov
ernor to interfere.
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CAM,
SMALL ADS.
A Box of
THE NEW
GRAHAM BISCUITS,
Made by the
"MUTUAL BISCUIT COMPANY.
Free With Every Small Ad In
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Patents Issued to Residents of Cali
fornia—New Postmasters Named
for the State.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 3.—Patents
were Issued to-day as follows:
California—James Anderson, San
Francisco, automatic cut-off valvei
George W. Barnes, assignor of one
half to H. D. McCoy, Bakersfleld,
heaving plug; Martin P. Boss, San
Francisco, lath finger for stamp mills;
William E. Brown, assignor of one
half to F. Winstanley, Los Angeles,
bottling corking machine; Albert C.
Calkin, assignor one-half to H. B.
Brett, Los Angeles, oil separator; Ben
jamin F. Clark, San Francisco, safety
gas cock; Hugh C. Davey, San Jose,
rotary furnace; Ross B. Deremer and
J. B. Robinson, Los Angeles, oil
burner; Robert G. Hanford, San Fran
cisco, tambler for dredges; Arthur W.
Harrison and E. H. Fosdike, Los
Angeles, trolley pole controller; James
H. Hastings, San Diego, assignor one-
I half to International Harvester Com
pany, Chicago, machine for manufac
turing metal wheels; George Johnson,
San Francisco, roller crushing mill
for ores; Nicholas Matcevitch, Oak
land, hydrocarbon burner; Ross Phil
lips, Los Angeles, * flexible shaft;
Louise Renhold, San Francisco, en-
velope; William Robinson, double
acting pump; Walter A. Stattman, as
signor two-fifths to R. C. Curry and
J. S. Evans, Toluca, and T. E. Dilley,
Los Angeles, non-reflllable bottle;
Charles H. Workman, D. B. Eisenbach,
San Francisco, manufacture of tortil
las.
Postmasters were appointed as fol
lows: California —Sadie Tredway, at
Glenbrook; Lena S. Guderian, at
La Canada; Edmund D. Thomas, at
Plcacho, San Diego County.
Army Orders.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 3.—By order
of the War Department Captain
vid M. King, ordnance department at
Benicia arsenal, will visit and inspect
the armament and work of the me
chanics at Fort Miley and Fort Win
field Scott, Cal., prior to March 1
and report upon the same.
SEQUOIA CLUB
CONVENES IN ITS
NEW QUARTERS
The Sequoia Club convened with a
small but very congenial representa
tion last evening in Its temporary home
in the Palace Hotel.
Perhaps just a tinge of homesickness
pervaded for the customary haunt at
the St. Francis, but the atmosphere was
conducive to cozy chatting, which waa
plentiful, there being no "Hon" to shed
luster on the general assembly.
An occasional observation disclosed
among others Sir Charles Tupper,
Charles Aiken, Mr. and Mrs. Fremont
Older, Mr. and Mrs. Mersfelder, Mrs. H.
E. Huntington, Miss Eleanor Connell,
Miss Ednah Robinson, Mr. and Mrs.
Keating, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Deerlng,
Signor Ventura, Mrs. C. W. Bennett
and Mrs. Elizabeth Gerberding.
Pending the arrangements for a per
manent home the Sequoians may be
very comfortable In the pretty suite,
186-187, on the second floor, New Mont
gomery street side. The adjustment in
the meantime to new surroundings will
be easy among so much camaraderie as
exists in this combination of art-loving
beings.
WILL AFFILIATE WITH
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE
Bank Clerks' Proposition Accepted
and Lectures for Them Will
Be Prepared.
The trustees of the Mechanics' In
stitute held a meeting last night, Ru
dolph J. Taussig, the president, in the
chair. It was unanimously resolved
to accept the proposition of the San
Francisco Chapter, American Institute
of Bank Clerks, to affiliate with the
Mechanics' Institute. The trustees
will prepare for a course of special
lectures on banking and commercial
law. It was also resolved to supply
the library with books on banking
subjects.
Ths boxing lease held by the To
■emlte Club, It was announced, had
expired and the lease of the Me
chanics' Pavilion it now open to bids
from all clubs. Mrs. L. M. Muirhead's
lease of the northwest corner of Hayes
street was renewed for five years at
a monthly rental of $600, and John I.
Adams, the winner of the annual
checker tournament for 1»04, waa
awarded the institute medal.
The proposition to build brick stores
on the Hayes-street • front was con
sidered and will be again discussed at
a later date. A resolution of regret
at the death of Asa R. Wells was
drawn up by Secretary Joseph M.
Cumming and will come before the
trustees for adoption at their next
meeting.
Am ERTISEMENTS.
Gillette Safety
£ Rax or
j&
Evtry Day fntteYear^^
Shave yourself with one of these
razors. Cut smoothly and cleanly,
and need no honing or stropping.
STAB SAFETY &AJCOX makes
shaving easy and conve- tf* 4 ap
nient. Regular price $2.00.
My price now »fj«»»w
Leather Goods at One-Half
Regular Prices.
Call to-day. It will pay you to get
one of these, SHOFFIHG BAGS now
at these slaughtered prices:
OALZITOABB in large and artistic
lines. SZABZXa for 1905 at popular
prices. '
Out-of-town orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS, The Btationsr,
1008 MABKET ST.. OPP. Tilth, S. JJ.
56
BARKENTINE HAWAII TAKES FIRE AT SEA
San Francisco Ves
sel Ends Event
ful Voyage.
She Reaches Kobe
in Spite of Gales
and Flames.
Stranded Steamer
Abydos Is Once
More Afloat.
The barkentine Hawaii of this port
arrived yesterday at Kobe arter a voy
age which wind, water and Are had
conspired to make eventful. Through
this war of the "elements the stout
• sailing ship emerged with compara
tively few scars. Hind, Rolph & Co.,
.the owners, are again congratulating
themselves that the little god of luck
continues to follow their flag.
The Hawaii was loaded with fertil
izer from Killisnoo. She encountered
a full share of the heavy weather
which at this time of year makes navi
gation Ip. Oriental waters full of dan
.ger. The wind ripped six sails to I
ribbons and a heavy sea, one of many
that threw its weight across the
barkentlne's decks, damaged her
wheel. To add to the burden of the
Hawaii's crew the vessel took fire,
and for anxious hours the sailormen
faced the possibility of having their
floating home burned under their feeL
The flames were subdued, however,
and the Hawaii yesterday entered the
harbor of Kobe.
As far as can be seen now the
damage done by the flames was slight,
but the full extent of the havoc
wrought by the fire will not be known
until the discharging of the carg«
permits a more thorough examination.
Has Big Cable on Board.
Part of the cargo of the British ship Hutton
Hall, which arrived December 22 from Liver
dool. is a large cable for the local telephone
company. This cable wMghs twenty-one tons
and some difficult) is expected !n landing it.
It will have to be hoisted from the ship by the
aid of shear legs rigged on the dock and it is
feared that such a concentrated strain would
.be more than the planking ot an ordinary
wharf will stand. It Is probable that the
Hutton Hail will be towed to the Union Iron
Works, where the Gear usej In handling the
big guns and heavy castings for battleships
will make light work oi transferring the cable
from the vessel's hold to the truck on which
It will be taken uptown.
Abydos Is Again Afloat.
The Kosmos Hr.er Abydus, which went
ashore near Punta Arenas and which, it was
feared, would become a total loss, was floated
on December 30. She has been saken to l*ort
Famine for repairs.
The Overdue List.
The vessels on the overdue list are quoted
for reinsurance as follows: Stork, 60 per cent;
Edith Mary. 80 per cent; Brier Holme, 90 per
' cent.
Water Front Notes.
Thte steamship Gaelic, Captain Finch, ar
rived yesterday at Yokohama.
The ship Fort George, which cleared yester
day tor Kahulul, has shipped her crew and
will sail, probably, to-day.
Pilot Hays, who was carried to sea on the
steamer Wyefield. is returning en the City
of Puebla. He left Victoria yesterday.
The Kcsm<>« liner Anubis will sail to-mor
row for Hamburg and the American Hawaiian
freightu- N el.rjsKan will leave for Honolulu.
The Pacific Mail Company's lintr Acapulco
is due to-morrow rrom Panama and way ports
The steamer Edith yesterday returned" to the
Straits of Fuca on account of the shifting of
her cargo. She put back thers a few days ago
for the same reason. Her coal was retrlnimed
and she proceeded on her voyage only to me;t
more heavy weather and to have the cargo
shift again.
The Spanish steamer L,?gaspi from Hong
kong for Manila is overdue and fears are en
tertained for her safety.
The British ship Tar.iar from Hamburg for
Seattle [yesterday.struck the pier head at Cux
baven and was damaged amidships. After a
survey it waa decided to clear away part of
the cargo for a further examination.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Norwegian ship Albania (on Pugot
. Bound), was chartered prior to arrival for
lumber thence to a direct South African port.
# The ship James Drummwid (also on Puget
Sound) is chartered for lumber thenct to
Taltal, Chile.
Notice to Mariners.
HUMBOLDT BAR—CALIFORNIA.
• (List of Lights, Buoys and Daymarks, Pa
cific Coast, 1904. page 33.)
Notice is hereby given that the first-class
spar buoy, back. No. L marking the outer
end o* the north Jetty. Humboldt Bar Cali
fornia, has been dragged out ot position and
now lies on the south side of the charm 1
floating deep, it will be replaced as soon as
practicable.
By order of the Lighthouse Board
W. P. DAY, Commander U. S. N
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District
The Alameda's Cargo.
The Alameda sailed on Saturday for Hono
lulu with a general merchandise cargo valued
at $'25,805 and including ths following:
415 tbls Hour, WN gals 35 cs wine, «8 gals
140 cs whisky, 871 pkgs fruits, 151 pkgs
/resh vegetables, 1831 pkgs potatoes, ;>2 pkgs
onions. 10,453 lbn 9 cs cheese, 178 pkgs table
preparations., 12,610 lbs butter, 12 cs eggs, 1833
lbs beans. lO.SSB lbs 3 pkg< ham f.nd bacon,
202 pkgs groceries and provisions, 1038 cs as
sorted canned good?, 11 cs 88 pkgs salmon 38 '
c B champagne, 217 pkgs paste, 11 cs liquors i
20 pkgs. beer, s)ue lbs, coffee, 600 lbs sugar 13 -'
700 lb* laid, 7208 lbs yes bread 14 020 lbs
codfish, 8005 lbs assorted dried flsh 4k»44 lbs i
candy. JBl6 lbs nuts, 2520 lbs dried fruit !>co
lbs 24 bxs raisins. 1079 lbs fresh meat "1804
!bs fresh flsb. MO lbs tea, 15 c# 1 bbl mo
lassos, 18 cs syrup, 6 cs mineral water 25 >M 0
lbs lice. 100 ctls wheat, 798 ctls barley 'll 'ctls
oats, 241 ctls corn. 11.983 lbs middlings lmn 1
lbs dressed poultry, 181 pkgs dry gocis *39 cs
boots and shoes, 20 cs hats and caps, 206 pkgs I
drugs and sundries, 125 bxs soap, 26 pkgs tlFc
trical goods, 117 pkgs wagon material. 276
pkgs paints, 161 cs 5 bbls oil, lt32<) lbs tobacco
49 cs cigars and cigarettes, 19 pkgs leather'
11 pkgs machinery, 269 bdU 520 bars iron 22
bdls 200 peg steel, C 6 pkgs millwork, 400'pes
cast iron pipe, 15 tins matches, 288 pkgs ua
per, 30 bales paper bags, 6029 lbs soda, 34 bdls
brooms, 1022 ft hardwood, 61 cs candles 5 I
bales cordage, 17 bales twine, 64 bales baa* '
19 cs arms and ammunition, 3 pkgs duck. 3,'
kegs nails. 350 boiler tubes. *
Exports by the Umatilla.
The steamer Umatilla sailed on Saturday for
Victoria with an assorted cargo consigned to
the port of destination and other British Co
lumbian ports, valued at 88040 and including
the following:
30,720 lbs malt. 7»1 cs canned goods. 246 nkn
fresh fruits. 1760 lbs raisins, 1175 lbs coffeV
13 pkgs groceries and provisions, 6 bhls flour'
10 pkgs fresh vegetables, 360 lbs lard 201 lbs
cheese. 0 pkgs table preparations, 850 sks no
tatoes. 21.400 lbs asphaltum, 112,000 lbs fer
tlllier. 661 lbs leaf tobacco, 4 cs mineral water
10 pkrs sewing machines and parte, 4 bales
twine, 65 bbls cocoanut oll,**B pkgs electrical
supplies, leg arms and ammunition.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer
carried 32.875 lbs dried fruit, valued at $770
en route to Winnipeg, Manitoba. '
a i
Merchandise for Tahiti.
The steamer Mariposa, which sailed on Sat
urday for Tahiti, carried an assorted merchan
dise cargo valued at J-35,989 and including the
following:
1651 bbls flour, 4684 gals 2 cs wine, 16 casks
beer, 20,486 lbs 60 pkgs bread, 8061 lbs beans,
100 bales bay. 66 ctls wheat, 260 ctls barley.
6045 lbs bran, 3055 lbs sugar. 28,594 lbs rice,
125 pkgs potatoes, 39 crt? onions, 38 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 536 lbs garlic, 170 cs as
sorted canned goods 10(59 lbs fresh meat, 54
pkgs fresh fruits, 3873 lbs lard, 626 lbs 8 pkgs
cheese, IB bx* paste. 810 lbs codfish. 562 lbs
dried fruit. 112 cs 32 pkgs salmon, 11,850 lbs
salt, 9 pkgs fresh vegetables, 69.862 ft 737 pcs
lumber, 3»G5 ft hardwood, 48 pkgs nails and
spikes, 34 oa coal oil, 258 bxs soap, 4 cs acid,
10 bdls pipe, 7 pkgs bicycles, 4 fcdegs machinery,
20 bdls 16 pcs iron, 10 bales oakum, 45 bales
bags, :!8 colls rope, 7 cs arms and ammunition,
07 bdls shocks, 40 bdls shingles. 125 bdls pick
ets. 14 pksrs millwork, 20 bdls laths, 24 doors.
B pkgs sewing machines, 54 pkgs agricultural
implement?. 14 cs boots and shoes. 111 pkgs
<iry goods, i.! rkgs paints, 9 bdls oars, 23 cs
oil. 5 pkgs leather. 11 bales duck, 17 cs elec
trical supplies. 2s) pkgs drugs, 20 bbls cement,
31 baits; paper bags, 41 bdls paper, 26 pkgs
twine.
Petroleum for China.
The British steamer Dakotah was cleared
on Saturday for Shanghai with 1,625,000 gal
lons of refih'.-J petroleum, valued at 368,250,
and 3 pkgs machinery, valued at $400.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. January 3.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, 20 hours from Eu
reka.
3tmr Alcatraz, Olaen, 13 hours from Green
wood.
Stmr Chiro, R»inertsen. 13 hour* from Al
bion, via Point Arena 10 hours.
Stmr Breakwater. Seaman, 40 hours from
Coos Bay.
Bebr Jennie Grlffln, Gibson, 3 hours from
Holinas.
Sohr Columbia, Sprague, IS days from Bal
lard, via Cape Flattery 16 days.
Schr Winslow, Smith, IS days from Everett.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, January 3.
Br stmr Wellington. Cutler. Ladysmlth, B.
C.J Western Fuel Co.
Ship Fcrt George, Fullerton, Kahulul;
Welch & Co.
Fr bark Rene, Mace, Sydney; F. Henry.
SAILED.
Tuesday. January 3.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen. Eurek*.
Stmr Alcatraz, Olsen. Greenwood.
Schr Ida A. Campbell. Point Reyes.
S. hr Bessie K. Stark, San Vicente Landing.
Schr Newark, Johnson, Stewarts Point.
RETURNED.
Schr Newark, Johnson, hence to-day, for
Stewarts Point, on account of machinery be
ins disabled.
• SPOKEN.
Dec 7—ln lat 11 8. long S3 W, Dutch bark
Amsterdam, from Sydney, for Falmouth.
**er stmr Breakwater —Jan 2, 5 miles north
of Point Arena, echr Transit, from Grays Har
bor, for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan. 3, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy, wtnd NW; velocity 4 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORlA—Arrived Jan 3—Stmr Alliance,
from Eureka.
Sailed Jnr, 2—Stmrs G. W. Elder and Re
dondo, for San Francisco; atmr Northland, for
San Pedro.
Sailed Jan 3— Stmr Rosecrans, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT HARFORD—SaiIed Jan 3, 8 a m—
Stmr Coos Bay, for San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK—SaiIed Jan 3—Bktn Katis
Fli' ldnger. for Port Blakeley.
COOS BAT—Failed Jan 3—Stmr F. A. Kil
burn. for Portland.
SEATTLE—Arrived Jan 3—Stmr L'matllla,
hence Dec 31.
Sailed Jan 2 —Stmr Jefferson, for Skagway.
Sailed Jan 3—Btmr City of Ptiebla, for San
Francisco.
Sail<d Jan 3—Stmr Taeoma, for Shanghnl.
Arrived Jan 3—Stmr Harold Dollar, hence
Dec 30. j
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 3—Schr
Salvator. from San Pedro.
Arrived Jan 3 —Br ship Dimsdale. from Ant
werp.
TaTOOSH—Passed in strait? Jan 3 —Stmr
Edith, from Ladysmlth, for San Francisco (re
turned).
Passed inward Jan 3—Br ship Haddon Hall,
from Guayaquil, for Port Townsend: Br stmr
Tottenham, hence Dec 31. for Victoria, B. C.
Passed in Jan 3—Stmr Rainier, hence Dec 31.
for Seattle. Passed out—Stmr Edith, from
Ladvsmith. for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO—Sailed Jan 3— Schr Alvena. for
Port Iladlock.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 3—Stmr Corona,
henc" Jan 2.
GRAYS HARBOR—Sailed Jan 2—Btmr Grace
Dollar, stmr Cc-onßdo and stmr Olympic, for
San Francisco; stmr Santa Barbara, for San
Pedro. Sailed Jan 3—Stmr Santa Monica, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Jan .".—Stn.r G. C. Lindauer, hence
Dec 31; stmr Cascade, hence Dec 81; stmr
Newburg, hence Dec 31.
PORT GAMBLE- Sailed Jan 3—Br ship
i t .<■ n of Germany for Port Pirte
Poi'TH HEN 1 '-—Arrived Jan 3— Schr Mu
riel, from San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
MAHUKONA- Sailed Dec 80—Schr Defend
er, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HAMBURG—SaiIed Dec 29— Br ship Tamar,
for Seattle.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— In port Dec 21—Schr
Solano, for Honolulu.
Arrived Jan 3—Ship Rcuce. from Melbourne
YOKOHAMA—Arrived Jan 3—Br stmr Gae
lic, hence Dec 13.
LIVERPOOL—SaiIed Dec 81—Br bark Aud
srlrth, for .
HONGKONG —Arrived Jan 2—Br stmr Stan
ley Dollar, from Mojl.
KOBE—Arrived Jan 3—Bktn Hawaii, from
Kllisnoo. ■
FREMANTLE —Arrived Jan 2—Bktn Beni- !
cla. from Port Blakeley.
ACAPULCO —Sailed Jan I—Stmr City of '
Peking, for Ancon. Jan 2—Stmr City of Pan- I
ama, for San Francisco.
VICTORIA—SaiIed Jan B—Ger »tmr Saxo-
Mia, stmr City of Puebla, for San Francisco- I
U S stmr Paul Jones, for Bremerton. Passed !
in—Br stmr Tottenham, hence Deo 31, for
Comox. Passed out—Stmr Edith, from Lady- I
smith, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MOVILLE —Arrived Jan B—Stmr Sicilian
from Bt. John. N. 8., and Halifax, for
pool, and proceeded.
Memoranda.
Per schr Columbia, from Ballard, Jan 8
Had a succession of SE galea for 12 day*.
On Dec 22, off Cape Flattery, had a very
heavy 8E gale, shifting deckload to starboard
and washing away figurehead. On Jan 8 at
2:30 p. m.. while crossing the bar, Charles
Lagert, second officer, was thrown overboard
by missen gaff downhaul and drowned He
was a native of Finland, aged 86 years
Per schr Winslow, from Everett, Jan 8
Had succession of 8 and SE rales for 10 days*
no damage done.
Br ship Tamar, from Hamburg, for Seattle
■truck nier bead at Cuxbaven and waa dam
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY i. 1905.
BARKKNTINE HAWAII. WHICH
REACHED KOBE YESTERDAY
AFTER AN EXCITING VOYAGE.
aged amidships. Has been surveyed and It is
recommended to clear part of cargo for further
survey.
KOBE, Jan. 3.—Bktn Hawaii, from Killis
noo, reports carried away six sails. Wheel
damaged; cargo has beep on fire. Pumped
11 feet of water in hold. The apparent dam
age Is only slight, but she will have to be
examined before we can say detlnitely.
LONDON, Jan 3 —Manila telegraphs that
Span stmr Legaspl, from Hongkong, is very
much overdue and grave fears are entertained
for her safety.
LONDON, Jan. 2.—Puntas Arenas telegraphs
Ger stmr Abydos, from San Francisco, for
Hamburg, previously reported ashore in Straits
of Magellan, floated Dec 30. Stmr has pro
ceeded to Port Famine for repairs.
Movements of Steamers.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. | Destination. j Satis.j Pier.
Steamer.
Destination.
January 4. i |
Jeanie (Seattle & Tacoma.j 5 pm Pier 20
S Barbara.. Los Angeles Ports.! 1 pmiPier 2
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct j 5 pmiPier 8
F. Leggett.. Los Angeles Ports.|12 m Pier 2
Arctic Humboldt ! 9 am,Pier 2
Areata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd|12 m Pier 13
January 5. |
S. Monica...; Los Angeles Ports! 2 pmjPler 2
Norwood. ... -Seattle direct | 5 pm;Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt l:30*p,Pler 0
Anubis 'Hamburg & Way..!10 am Pier 19
Iaqua (Astoria & Portland! jPier 2
Porno 'Pt. Arena St Albion! rt pm'Pler 2
State of Cal. I San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
:l uget Sound Ports.jll am Pier 9
Nebraskan..! Hono. & Kahulul.i 3 pm'Pter 23
; January 6. f (
Coronado... Gray* . Harbor ....j 4 pmiPier 10
San Pedro... Humboldt | 4 pm|Pler 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro.& Way.; 9 am Pier 11
Saxonla Hamburg & Way.. 110 amjPier 19
N. Fork Humboldt ] 9 am|PIer 20
Redondo Astoria & Portland 4 pmjPier 2
January 7.
Elizabeth. .. Coquille River jPier 20
Sequoia Willapa Harbor 4 pmiPier 20
Point Arena. Point Arena 4 pm|Pier 2
A-urella Astoria & Portland; 4 pmiPier 27
G. W. Elder. Astoria A- Portlandjll am Pier 24
City Para. ..IN. Y. via Ancon..|12 m|Pier 40
Curacao Mexican Po.rts 10 am,Pier 11
January 8. f \
Corona Humboldt )l:30p|Pier 9
S. Rosa 'San Diego & Way| 0 am|Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt ) 9 am|Pier 13
i January 9. |
Argo 'Eel River Ports...I 4 pmiPier 2
January 10. '
China China & Japan | 1 pm Pier 40
City Puebla.l Pug.n Sound Ports. Ill am|Pler 9
j January 12. I
Sierra 1 Sydney & Way Pt?.' 2 pmiPier 7
Columbia.. .| Astoria * Portland'll am|Pter 24
Homer Greys Harbor 4 pmjPler 10
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pmjPler 10
January 14. I
Acapulco... N. Y. via Ancon..|12 ml Pier 40
F. KUburn.. Portland & Way. 4 pm Pier 27
Rainier 1 Seattle & Bllng-hm| 4 pmjPler 20
Sierra
Columbia...
Homer
Newburg...
Acapulco...
F. KHbum..
Rainier
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. | Due.
Montara Seattle Jan. 4
! Czarina Coos Bay jjan. 4
j Empire Coos Bay [Jan. 4
Coronado Grays Harbor IJan. 4
G. Dollar : Grayn Harbor Jan. 4
Iaqua | San Pedro J.Tan. 4
Sequoia 1 Wlllapa Harbor jjan. 4
Saxonia ; Seattle (Jan. 4
S. Barbara.... Grays Harbor ! Jan. 4
Edith ( Oyster Harbor (Jan. 4
F. Daggett 1 Humboldt fJan. 4
Aurelia i Portland & Astorio IJan. 4
G. \V. Elder.. Portland & Astorio Jjan. 4
Elisabeth j Coquille IUver ...IJan. 5
S. Monica ; Graya Harbor Jan. 5
Chehali? I San Pedro Jan. 5
Norwood San Pedro Jan. 5
Point Arena.. , Mendocino & rt. Arena. Jan. 5
Acapulco |New York via Ancon. . Jan. 5
Santa Rosa... Kan Dieso & Way Potts!Jan. 6
Corona 1 Humbo'.dt Jan 6
City Puebla. ..'J uget Sound Ports 'Jan. 6
Eureka ! Humboldt jjan. 6
San Pedro '■ San Pedro Jan. 6
Breakwater... ! Coos Bay IJan. 7
Santa Cruz... Pan Pedro & Way Pts.|.Ian. 7
Nevadan Kahului 'Jan. 7
Areata Coos Bay & Pt. Oifordjjan. 8
Arctic Humboldt Jan. 8
Columbia Portlanfl & Astoria Jan. 9
State Ca! San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 9
Pomona Humboldt |Jan. 9
Newburg i Grays Harbor ! Jar V I
Homer Grays Harbor Jan. 9
Potnoi Point Arena & Albion.. | Jan. 10
rmatfllla I Puget Sound Ports Jan. II i
North Fork..J Humboldt Jan. 11
Coos Bay I San Pedro & Way Pts. Jan. 11
Rainier j Seattle & BelHngham.. Jan. 11
City Panama.., New York via Ancon. Jan. U
F. Kllburn 1 Portland & Cbos Bay.. Jan. 11
Doric 1 China & Japan Jan. 13
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer.
j Destination.
! Skaffwny & Way Porta.
Skagway & Way Ports, j
I Seldovla* A Way Ports. 1
i Ska*way ft Way PortsJ
I Valdes * Way Ports..|
into
nona
land
11 Ion
elslor
alj
IS I
1«,
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographio Office. U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 3. 1006.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
1. «.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. 8. N., in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to Ban Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
Weather Report.
(120 th Mwidlan, Pacific Time).
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. B—s p. tn.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
£°? ton 48-34; New Orleans 60-40
Chicago 34-30 Philadelphia ....50-36
Cincinnati 52-20 Pittsburg 56-22
Honolulu iH. 1..72-66|st. Louis 38-20
Jacksonville 70-58; Washington 56-..
New York 48-34
SAN FRANCISCO 56-44
The following are the seasonal ratn'alls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season and the rainfall in the last twentv
four hours:
et„». _ I-est This Last
•^Sr o***0*** 24 nours Season. Season.
Ke,l R,„ir T ' 1721 1:112
Red Bluff 00 14.76 12.18
San Francisco 00 11.18 6.05
f'^ >no ; 00 6. IS .90
Independence 00 45 42
San Luis Obispo 00 g!47 82
Los Angeles 00 3.56 .43
Ban Diego 00 2.59 42
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS.
J 5 a
•
■
-3.
■»
i
£
i
***** 3« 38 32 24 SE Pt.Cldy .00
', -W.20 SO 20 Vf Cloudy .00
*?" reka 30.44 54 40 N Pt.Cldy T.
•■•.:•■•*••«> « 80 NE Cloudy .00
a E. Farallon.SO.28 54 48 NW Pt.Cldv. oo
Flagstaff ...-30.18 go 10 NE Clear * .68
Pocntello ....80.S2 34 10 E Cloudy .00
Independence .30.24 52 20 W Cloudv 00
Urn Angeles .30.00 78 50 NE Clear" .00
l Tanmlpais.30.32 50 37 NW Clear .00
North Head..30.50 48 46 NW Cloudy .28
SDiT'o £M! 70 40 E Clear .00
Point Reyes. .30.25 50 48 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff....30.32 58 36 N (near 00
Rosebura; ....30.48 50 50 N Cloudy 01
Sacramento 30.32 52 34 NW Clear .00
Rait Lake....30.38 30 20 W Clear no
Pan Franci,co.3o.32 56 44 N Pt.Cldv !oO
fin U r P blspo ? 0 U 68 34 N Pt.Cldy .OO
San piegx>....30.02 72 32 NW Clear .«,>
*?*l t]e 30 4 * » 42 SE Cloudv .40
»•« 46 32 S\V Pt.Cldv .02
Tatoosh. 30.40 40 .. NW Cloudv' .52
A\a!la Walla.30.32 54 4f> SW PtCfldv OO
Wlnnemucoa .30.32 36 22 NE Cloudy T
Yuma 30.08 70 46 N Clear 00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
northern half of the Pacific Coast. From
Eureka north litrht rains have fallen,
lev f ° S prevallß ln the Ban Joaquin val-
Forecast made at Sa n Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. January 4:
California, north of Tehachapi—Fair Wed
valleys l USht n ° Tth wlndß; tule tog in the
California, south of Tehachapi—Fair Wed
nesday, continued warm weather; light north
east winds.
Nevada—Fair Wednesday; cooler
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Wednes
day; light northeast winds.
Eos Angeles and vicinity—Fair Wednesday,
continued warm; light northeast winds.
Sacramento—Fair Wednesday; light north
winds.
Fresn<r— Fair Wednesday, warmer; light
north winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 26
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide the rame at both places.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4.
Sun rises ~~7-2B
•L un ::::::::5;©4
Moon rises 6:03 a . m.
_ 'K W| .■ »* HI !L w| ihjv
4 I 3:401 2.8! »:54| 8.2! YtSO —^0.71. ~7.\~.
■ H W L W |h %V k wl
n 2 : 92 4:28 «?JlOt» «1 ! 3:3li—0.8
5 ? :4 5 4 ' e 5:14 •'{-OltMO 5.91 8:10!—0.6
I J 1:3? 4.7 0:00 rt.0ll:55 5.5 ! «:B0 ; _0 4
o iiii is 'i :48 • : « i i i2:;{s bi i 7; 23! oo
9 2:4» 4.8 7:41 .1.1 1:24 4.7' 8:02 0.4
10 1 ™ *•» 8=37 3.1 2:13 4.3 8:37 0 8
NOTE—In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column* and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time- the
fourth time column gives the lust tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are' 'n
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—)
sign precedes the hclsht, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Suspected of Burglaries.
Detectives Conlon and McGowan
arrested Thomas Fitzpatrick, John
Daly, James Sullivan and Nick Staf
ford on Monday night and locked them
up in "the tanks" at the City Prison,
rhey are suspected of having commit
ted many petty thefts and burglaries
In the water front district.
CHANOEB IN COUNTY CLERK'S OFFICE i
Oakland, Jan. 3.—But few changes will take
Place In the County Clerk's office at the be
ginning of 1905. Herbert L. Breed has re
signed to practice law. Charles A. Gale now
document, clerk, will be transferred to Depart
ment No. 1 of the Superior Court and Andrew
E. Johnstone will become document clerk. j
j . I
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CAUL
SMALL ADS.
A Box of
THE NEW
GRAHAM BISCUITS,
Made by the
MUTUAL BISCUIT COMPANY.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Farther
Particulars.
KOENIG GOES
TO WALHALLA
Aged and Eccentric Gun
smith Bequeaths Property
to Salvation Army and Dies
TAKES POISON AND GAS
Writes Businesslike Notes
to the Coroner and Others
and Then Kills Himself
j Aged and eccentric, F. R. Koenig,
! who did business as gunsmith, lock
smith and machinist at 704 Valencia
street and lived in the rear of the shop,
; wrote letters on New Year's day to the
Salvation Army, Coroner Iceland and
M. H. Fredericks announcing his Inten
tion to kill himself. The letters were
j found yesterday in his pockets when
his body was discovered by the police.
Neighbors telephoned to the police
| yesterday forenoon that Koenig's shop
had not been opened and that they
I feared something had happened to the
old man. The police forced an entrance
and discovered the rooms full of illu
minating gas escaping from a small
pantry closet adjoining the kitchen.
Here the body of Koenig was seated in
a chair. He had bored a hole in the
partition between the closet and the
kitchen. Affixing one end of a rubber
I tube to the gasburner in the kitchen,
|he had pushed the other end of the
tube into the hole In the wall and
turned on the gas. Then he seated him
self In the chair in the .closet, swal
lowed a half-glass of water in which
cyanide had been dissolved and speed
ily died.
In the note to the Coroner Koenig
says: "I have gone out of this material
world of trouble by the cyanide and
gaa road. • * • Wishing you a hap
py New Year, yours, F. R. Koenig."
The letter to the Salvation Army
reads as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 1, 1905.
Headquarters Salvation Army, San Fran
cisco—l have Joined the army of Jesus last
night and to-day I hope to be in heaven with
Jesus. This my last will is that you take
possession of all tin tools and books and all
other things which you find in my place of
business, 704 Valencia street. I will every
thing I got to be used for the benefit of the
army.
Another letter to M. H. Fredericks,
secretary of Petaluma Grove No. 38, U.
A. O. D., was found. It begins as fol
lows: "When you receive this letter I
will be spending my New Year's in
Walhalla. My eyes were very dim; I
could not do my work as I wanted to
do " He desires that his body should
be cremated in this city.
Koenig was a native of Germany,
about €0 years old and was n<uv known
to have any relatives in this country.
NOOSE AWAITS
JOHN H. WOOD
Supreme Court Thinks That
the Bloodthirsty Desperado
Should Die on Scaffold
John H. Wood, the ringleader of the
band of convicts that madcthe famous
break from Foisom penitentiary on
July 27, 1903, must die on the rcaffold,
according to a decision rendered by
the Supreme Court yesterday. The
crime ot which the nuted outlaw was
convicted and for which he must
hang was the murder of J. Festus
Rutherford at the Grand Victory mine
five days after the escape. The de- 1
fendant said he was not present when ;
the murder was committed, but the j
court holds the circumstantial evi
dence apainst him was sufficiently I
strong to justify conviction.
Wood originated the scheme of seiz
ing the prison officials and using them i
as shields in order to get past the
guards in the towers. After the fight ,
at Pilot Hill Wood, Theron, Murphy. !
Miller and Eldridge separated from the
rest of the gang of fugitives and start
ed due east for the Sierras.
The party was seen in the vicinity
of Shank's Exchange and the alarm
was sent to Placerville, the nearest
town. Eight National Guardsmen in :
command of Lieutenant Smith imme
diately started in pursuit of the much
wanted felons.
The tracks of the escapes were
fQUnd leading up Manzanita Hill, back i
of the Grand victory mine, and the {
militiamen advnnced in skirmish order. |
The convicts had sighted their pur- !
suers, but were too weary to go far- i
ther. As the freemen came closer the i
desperadoes lay behind a log and, with j
guns ready, waited for the foe to ap- !
pear. When the pursuers were within j
twenty feet ot' their hiding place the j
felons opened Pre. Militiamen Ruth- j
erford and Jones were instantly Killed j
and another one of the freemen was :
shot through the lungs. The other five j
guardsmen, of whom Rutherford's j
brother was one. fled precipitately in
bae direction, Avhile the convicts ran I
another way.
Within an hour 300 men had sur
rounded the hill, but the convicts were
miles away. That night another free
man was shot and killed through be
in? mistaken for a convict. The fugi
tives left an opera-glass, a revolver,
some clothin? and cooking utensils on
the hill, and throutrh these Wood was
shown to have been one of the party. <
Wood was caught in Reno while in j
search of opium. Murphy was cap- 1
tured in the same neighborhood. Mil- I
ler was Bften and shot at, but he es- !
caped. Theron and Eldridge are still I
ainone the missing.
Wood was tried in Bacramento for
the murder of Guard Cotter at the '
prison Rnd was convicted, but his pun- j
ishment was fixed at life imprisonment.
As he was alrtady under sentence for I
life for highway robbery committed in 1
San Francisco, the punishment was
deemed inadequate and he was taken
to Placerville to be tried on the charge
of murdering Rutherford. While on >
trial in that city a plot to let him es- i
cape was hatched and almost consum- '
mated by the wife of a prominent El j
Dorado County official. Wood is now j
it Folsom in a dungeon, where he will i
remain until that fateful morning
when the Warden shall summon him
to don the black cap.
Sues United Railroads.
Max Weinstein brought suit yester
day in the Justices' Court against the
United Railroads of San .Francisco and
the Presidio and Ferries Railroad to
recover $299 and costs for injuries
sustained by him. During a collision
between a Montgomery avenue car
and a Kearny street, car, on November
19, Weinstein alleges that his foot waa
crushed and rendered permanently
useless. He alleges also that the acci
dent waa due Xo the negligence of the
railroad's employees.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND VALUE
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
THE HI BERN IA
SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY
(A CORPORATION)
And Where Said Assets Are Situated, Dated
December 31, 1904.
ASSETS.
I—Promissory Notes and the debts thereby secured, the ia
tual value of which is 833,7*3,210.1t
IThe condition of said Promissory Notes and debts is as
follows: They are all existing Contracts, owned by said
Corporation, and are payable to it at its Office, which is
situated at the corner of .Market, McAllister and Jones
Street*, in the City and County of San Francisco. State or
California, and the payment thereof is I ™* ,™*
Mortgages on Real Estate within this State ($33 ;
and the States of Oregon ($236,000.00) and Washington
($275,000.00). Said Promissory Notes are kept and held
by said Corporation at its said Office, which la Its princi
pal place of business, and said Notes and debts ars
there situated.
J—Promissory Notes and the debts thereby secured, the ao
tnnl value of which is om^oib^m
The condition of said Promissory Notes and debts is
as follows: They are all existing Contracts, owned by said
Corporation, and are payable to it at its Office, which is
situated as aforesaid, and the payment thereof is secured
by "Northern Railway Company of California First Mort
gage 5 per cent. Bonds," " San Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railway Company 5 per cent. Bonds." * Southern
Pacific Railroad Company of Arizona 6 per cent. Bonds,
' Southern Pacific Railroad Company of California Series
'F and Q' 6 per cent. Bonds," "Los Angeles Pacific Rail
road Company of California 5 per cent. Bonds," "Pacific
Electric Railway Conlpanyi of California 5 per cent.
Bonds," "Park and Cliff House Railway Company 6 per
cent. Bonds," "Los Angeles and Pasadena Electric Rail
way Company 5 per cent. Bonds," "The Omnibus Cable
Company First Mortgage 6 per cent. Bonds," "United
Railroads of San Francisco 4 per cent. Bonds," "United
States 3 per cent. Bonds," "Pacific Gas Improvement Com
pany First Mortgage 4 per cent. Bonds," "Spring Valley
Water Works First Mortgage 6 per cent. Bonds," "Spring
Valley Water Works Second Mortgage 4 per cent. Bonds,"
"Forty-two Shares of the Capital Stock of The Bank of
California" and "One hundred and thirty Shares of the
Capital Stock of the California Street Cable Railroad
Company," the market value of all said Bonds and Stocks
being $665,525.00. Said Notes are kept and held by said
Corporation at its said Office, and said Notes, Bonds and
Stocks are there situated.
I—Bonds of the United States, the actual value of which is... 15.998,439.01
The condition of said Bonds is as follows: They be
long to said Corporation, and are kept and held by It
In its own Vaults and are there situated. They are "Reg
istered 4 per cent, of 1907 ($12,500,000.00) and 4 per cent. '
of 1925 ($2,520,000.00) United States Bonds" and are pay
able only to the order of said Corporation.
I—Miscellaneous Bonds, the actual value of which 15.... ... £,284,294.9?
The condition of said Bonds is as follows: They be
long to said Corporation, and are kept and held by it in its
own Vaults and are there situated. They are:
"Market Street Cable Railway Company 6
per cent. 80nd5".... $1,121,000.00
"Market Street Railway Company First Con
solidated Mortgage 5 per cent. Bonds" 840,000.00
"Sutter Street Railway Company 5 per cent.
Bonds'* 150,000.00
"Powell Street Railway Company 6 per cent.
Bonds" 158,000.00
"The Omnibus Cable Company 6 per cent.
Bonds" 82,000.00
"Presidio and Ferries Railroad Company 6
per cent. Bonds" 26,000.00
"Ferries and Cliff House Railway Company 6
per cent. Bonds" 6,000.00
"Los Angeles Railway Company of California 5
per cent. Bonds" 145,000.00
"Northern Railway Company of California 6
per cent. Bonds" 584,000.00
"San Francisco and North Pacific Railway
Company 5 per cent. Bonds" 389,000.00
"Southern Pacific Railroad Company of Cal
ifornia 6 per cent. Bonds" 817,000.00
"San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Rail
way Company 5 per cent. Bonds" 111,000.00
"West Shore Railroad Company of New
York 4 per cent. Bonds" 600,000.00
"Spring Valley Water Works First Mort
gage 6 per cent. Bonds" 123,000.00
"Spring Valley Water Works Second Mort
gage 4 per cent. Bonds" 462,000.09
"Spring Valley Water Works Third Mort
gage 4 per cent. Bonds" 1,020,000.00
"City of San Luis Obispo 5 per cent. Bonds". . 15,750.21
"The Merchants' Exchange 7 per cent Bonds" 1,300,000.00
"San Francisco Gas and Electric Company 4*£
per cent. Bonds" 495,000.00
»—lnterest on Miscellaneous Bonds accrued to January 1,
1905 .• 206,046.58
s—(a)Real Estate situated in the City and County of San
Francisco ($168,946.01), and in the Counties of Santa
Clara ($151,631.89), Alameda ($159,714.18), and San Ma
teo ($13,665.07) in this State, the actual value of which is. 498 937 15
(b) The Land and Building in which said Corporation
keeps its said Office, the actual value of which Is 456 585 70
The condition of said Real Estate is that it belongs to '
said Corporation, and part of it is productive.
[ —proportion of Taxes for the Fiscal Year 1904-1905
chargeable to next half year ~ t 45 75
i—Cash in United States Gold and Sliver Coin, belonging to
said Corporation, and in its possession, and situated at
its said Office, actual value 2,160,530 39
Total Assets $62,020,961.11
LIABILITIES. =====
I—Said Corporation owes Deposits amounting to and the ac
tual of which is 58 648 182 32
The condition of said deposits is that they are payable ' '
only out of said Assets and are fully secured thereby.
!—Reserve Fund, Actual Value 3,372 779 09
Total Liabilities 662,020,961.41
THE HIBERNIA SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY ==== ===
By JAMES R. KELLY.'Pnsaident.
THE HIBERNIA SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY W aenu
By ROBERT J. TOBIN,' Secretary.
State of California. City and County of San Francisco, ss-
JAMES R. KELLY and ROBERT J. TOBIN. being each semratelv rt„l»
worn, each for himself, says: That said JAMES R. KEI LV v Pro«u I
md that said ROBERT J. TOBIN is Secretary of THE HIBF 1 rvta cat*
NGS AND LOAN SOCIETY, the Corporation above mentioned *nrt £ ,
he foregoing statement is true. JAMES R. KELLY*'Resident *
ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before m e this 3d day of January, 1905
In and for the City and County of Sarf Calffornl-
PROPOSED RAILROAD
TO ENTER YOSEMITE
Articles of Incorporation Filed by
Promoters of Scheme With the
County Clerk.
The filing of articles of incorpora
tion with the County Clerk yester
day shows that a railrc-ad is about to
enter the Yosemite Valley. The pro
jectors of Vhe scheme plan to start
work on a survey at once, and the
road may be completed in a short
time. The road will be known as the
Jamestown and Yosemite Railroad,
and the company has incorporated for
$1,000,000.
The road will be of standard gauge
and the main line will run from
Jamntown, Tuolumne County. to
Mariposa. The line will be forty
miles in length. At a convenient and
intermediate point, to be determined
by survey, a branch will be run in the
direction of the valley. Its terminal
point is not known yet, but it will
extend a distance of about thirty-five
miles. The Government officials will
be consulted regarding the route
taken through the valley and also the
terminus of the line. The company
will have Its headquarters in San
Francisco. Those who signed the ar
ticles of incorporation are T. S Bul
lock of San Jose, S. D. Freshman, S.
PHOTOGRAPHERS INSTALL
OFFICERS FOR 1905
Then Hold Informal Dinner to CeleV
brate the Occasion.
The Photographers' Association of
California met last night at Eagles'
Hall. 729 Market street, for the pur
pose of installing the incoming officers
of the association and then adjourned
to the Red Lion Grill and made merry
over an informal feast. "
The newly Installed officers were
elected at the last convention at Me
chanics* Pavilion on October 28 and
will serve for one year, endlne De
cember 31. 1905. They are as follows-
President, Louis Thors: vice nresi
dents. T. H. Wilton, T. H. Hogan of
Oroville, George R. Butler of Salinas
W. Franklin of Ocean Beach; secre
tary, Jacob Fowzer; treasurer, J p
Mullender, and director, R. p, Whig>
ham.
The committee in charge of the en
tertainment consists of T. P. Andrews,
chairman; J. F. Bertrand. W. H.
Lange, Will Lussier and L. D. Hicks!
toastmaster.
H. Smith, C. N. Hamblin and W. C.
Potts of Jamestown. Bullock haa
subscribed for $45,000 worth of stock
Freshman for $29,700, and the other
three directors for $100 worth eachHONOR FOR MEN WHO
HAVE MADE HISTORY
Statues to Be Placed in Capitol
•
SELECTION OF SUBJECTS DISCUSSED
inent citizens of California
i eered eagerly at the past yesterday in
an attempt to decide who among plo
i »era are entitled to be considered the
• two most eminent Californians. Events
: ng past, fraught with picturesqueness
.nd with significance, again became j
Cor students of the glowing pages
' of California history.
Junipero Serra again established mis- [
sions and Portala sought the bay of j
San Francisco. Huntington was a gl- I
gantic living intellect at the head of j
the first railway to traverse the Sler
'l as and span the North American con
tinent. Stanford once more, lamenting j
the death of his son, founded the glo-j
:ious institution of learning at Palo'
Alto that bears his name, assisted by
his wife. James Marshall picked up
from the Coloma millrace the nuggets
destined to bring the hardy and bril
liant men of all the American States
. and many other lands to the Sierran
river channels in search of fortunes.
Sutter determined the reality of gold j
In the Marshall nuggets.
With crack of pistol shots and the j
' hum of angry voices once more the |
vigilantes, headed by William T. Cole- j
man, assembled. They hanged Casey
■ and revenged the death of James King
Of William anew. Senator Broderick,
and William M. Gwin. his colleague in
tIM United States Senate from Califor- ;
nla. were remembered. The fiery elo
. quence of Baker, early Californian.
who fell for his country at Balls Bluff,
orxce again made music in the ears of
those who in the earlier days eagerly
• listened to his words while all the land
\\ as disturbed by the angry debates
.hat immediately preceded the* great
" civil struggle. The rattle of guns was
-mingled with the ringing of the mission
bells. History, the wonderfully roman
" tic history of California, was in review.
Two Californians who have passed
from life will be given lasting fame in
the rotunda of the National Capitol at,
Washington, D. C. The law entitles
each State of the Union to have two
statues of bronze or marble in the huge
Federal building. The California Legis
lature at the present session will de- ;
ide which two of its citizens shall be
mortalized. It is of interest to all
dwellers in this State that the best pos
sible choice shall be made.
JUDGE BEATTY S OPINION.
Chief Justice Beany when he wu
asked for an opinion yesterday desig- '<
nating the two men whose services en- 1
titled them to be considered pre
eminent looked up with surprise, for
the request embodied the necessity for
immediately placing in critical review 1
the events of two centuries In this
State. He removed his glasses and j
with a quizzical look said:
"The case is taken under advisement!
for ninety days."
Chief Justice Beatty's first choice is :
. Colonel Baker. He was a patriot in
, peace. He proved his devotion to his 1
• country by laying down his life for it.
Ia part Justice Beatty said:
I have Mill heard the equal of Baker for
'Ucuenee. His literary taste was exquisite.
He was distinguished for eloquence and
scholarship, for gallantry and patriotism. It
is tru* that he went from California to Oregon
and was elected United States Senator from
Oregon. It Is also true that he was a citizen
of Illinois he fought in the Mexican
war. But he has been claimed and is claimed
hv California. He was a handsome man and
hid statue would look well.
Padre Juniporo Serra waa a pioneer. He
ir.ight be commemorated if it is possible to
u-t an authentic picture of him as a guide
foe a statue. But even if there is no authentic
picture an artist, a true artist, perceiving the
spirit of the man and the significance of the
occasion, could do much toward making a
i ti-factory portraiture. Serra and Baker
weald do very well.
Attorney *E. S. Plllsbury was asked
to make his selection of two Califor
nians who have performed the most
eminent service for the State. "Ah,"
said Pillsbury, "that is a very large
question. I would not care to commit
myself offhand. I will say that Pro
fessor Joseph Lie Conte is worth con
sidering, and Baker deserving. I am:
going East to-morrow and have not the
time that I would require to think the
matter over carefuly and fully."
Even more impressed with the inter
esting inquiry was Attorney Horace G.
Piatt. He listened attentively to a
statement relative to the historical duty
that is about to devolve upon the Cali
fornia Legislature and promised to con
sider the matter, but he could not make
any answer at once.
EX-MAYOR POND'S CHOICE.
E. B. Pond, formerly Mayor of San
Francisco, president of the San Fran
cisco Savings Union and connected
widely with many interests in Califor
nia, was also interested intensely, but
found that there had been so many his
torical persons in this State deserving
of fame that he was unable to choose
at once.
Padre Serra and James Marshall were
the choice of ex-Congressman S. D.
Woods. "California could not have had
Its present history in the absence of
either," said Mr. Woods.
Henry Payot introduced the name of
William C. Broderick, United States
Senator from California. He also fa
vored William T. Coleman because
Coleman was the president of the
vigilance committee that hanged Casey
for the murder of James King of Wil
liam, the earliest editor of the San
Francisco Bulletin.
' Coleman and King." said Payot,
"strove nobly to purify the atmosphere
of public life in San Francisco, and
their example was salutary for all Cal
ifornia. They were makers of history."
Congressman Julius Kahn said
promptly and without hesitation that
Junipero Serra and the Rev. Starr
King were his choices. "Serra was the
pioneer of civilization for California.
Where he placed missions there are
thriving California towns and cities to
day, and their names commemorate his
deeds and sagacity. Starr King by his
eloquence saved California to the Un
ion."
J. A. Filcher, California commissioner
to the St. Louis Exposition, said that
his choice rested on United States Sen-
Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters re
moves uric acid from the system by dis
solving the uric acid formation. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
C ASTOR IA
iOl infants and Children.
»c Kind You H?w Mwqt Bragß
Haars the
nature of cV f&£tJ[/Ai
UU. X. HESS.
Notary Public and Attorney-at-Law.
. Ten lb Floor. Room 1010. Claus SpreckeU bld».
Telephone Main MS.
Residence, IMS McAllister at
a*sidenc« Telephone Page 60
GADSKI CHARMS
AS DOES HEINK
Shows in Sopratno Field the
'Same Magic Other Queen
Has as World's Contralto
Last night at the Alhambra Madame
Gadski fulfilled all the large promise
of her singing with the Metropolitan
Opera Company here three years ago.
Three years ago she represented a
splendid promise and a problem. To
day the promise is fulfilled and the
problem solved. Three years from now
may find Gadski another Schumann-
Heink—at the soprano end of the song
—than which I can find nothing nobler
to say of her.
Schumann-Heink herself, for the
gripping, human quality of the thing,
might have been at the singing of the
Franz "Aus meinen grossen Schmer
zen." The song had the same grace of
seeming to flower into sound for the
first time for you—of coming directly
from the producer to the consumer, as
the economists would say. So also, as
singing itself, came the "Die Haide ist
braun." One was rather proud of the
audience here. Gadski herself, too, did
the exquisitely right thing. The two
songs, perhaps best sung of the whole
programme from the sheerly human
(and that is from the highest) side,
drew an admirably appreciative enthu
siasm. Gadski, in her serene and gra
cious fashion, repeated both, and sang
both the second time with the full de
light of him who sings unafraid to the
understanding heart. One was glad to
be there for the charming Tightness of
the whole incident.
The whole programme was a compli
ment to the audience. Schumann.
Schubert, Mo*art, Franz, Beethoven,
Jensen, Weber, at their best, were the
composers represented. One finds Gad
ski this season doing altogether the de
sirable thing. She even looks the part
as by an important something she did
not look the prima donna when she was
here before! Last night, fair, stately,
gracious and even beautiful, as she
stood there, sometimes leaning lightly
against the piano, Mme. Gadski was
just as charming to see as to hear.
I ventured to predict that in three
years the singer might be the soprano
Schumann-Heink. She is not that yet,
quite. She has moments of conscious
ness of the prima donna, a little pride
of artistry. Site has not. yet fiung her
self wholly free of herself to plunge
into the heart of the song, that is
only at the flood of her impulse. But
because she does at these moments lift
to the ninth wave of song-making, one
feels that Gadski may yet do for the
soprano repertoire what Schumann-
Heink has done for the contralto. She
has time. Comparatively, Gadski is a
young singer. She has yet ten years in
which to reach the song mother as we
found her last year.
And Gadski is admirably artistic
and entirely distinguished. Her scope
is that of the greatest singers. She is
as surely at home in the simplicities
of the lieder as in the heroics of the
music-drama. She sings Schubert as
well as she sings Wagner; "Aus
meinen grossen" as well as Mozart In
the "Nozze di Figaro." Her phrase,
nuance, "execution," are all particular
pleasures. I remember no one with a
more splendidly made crescendo. Vo
cally one feels the desire for more
power, and there is some loss of qual
ity, in the upper notes. Even an A
fiat came a little badly last night. The
lower range is remarkably round and
full, and throughout there is a delicious
mezza voce. Very breath of the voice
was that used in the most charming
rendering of the "Nussbaum," a char
acteristic little vocal thrill that once
heard is not easily forgotten. The
"Liotosblume," "Mondnacht," and
"Widmung," were the other Schumann
numbers.
The big aria from "Der Freischutz"
led off the programme, and madame
plunged right into it as If she had
been pinging half the evening. "Ich
Liebe Dich" represented Beethoven,
and Gadski admirably; the other
Franz song was "Fur Musik": there
was one Jensen lyric, "Murmelndes
Luftchen"; and four Schuberts,
crowned by the finest rendering of the
Erlkonig, splendidly dramatic, splen
didly voiced, that it has been my luck
to hear.
H. Selmar Meyrowitz accompanied,
and accompanied like the distin
guished person that he is. Mr. Mey
rowlta—this little history explains his
kind of accompanying—is a conduc
tor. For three years he has conduct
ed at Carlsruhe. After this tour he
goes to the Royal Opera-house at
Prague. Irl between times he has
been assisting Felix Mottl. conducting
"Parsifal" with Mr. Hertz at the Met
ropolitan Opera-house. New York. Mr.
Meyrowitz plays that way with vivid
sympathy and perfect understanding
of the singer's requirements. His
solos—he gave us some Wagner read
out of the scores to the piano by him
self —are also that kind of playing, or
chestral, but not pianistic.
To-morrow evening there will be a
second concert given, with a group of
American songs, Strauss, Wolf and
Saint-Saens to the good.
Item: The audience throughout
was handsomely enthusiastic. You
will understand why If you go.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
-r r
ator William M. Gwln, the colleague
of Senator David C. Broderick, and on
Starr King. 'Gwln was a strong and
loyal advocate of the interests of Cali
fornia in the United States Senate.
King made sentiment for loyalty to the
Union and for higher life in Califor
nia."
Wlllard B. Harrington said that he
regards Collis P. Huntington as the
greatest of all Californians, inasmuch
as his gigantic work was accomplished
in the face of tremendous difficulties,
and the result brought California into
touch by rail with the other States of
the Union. Junipero Serra was cer
tainly entitled to be remembered.
Enters New Quarters.
The San FYancisco. Stock and Bond
Exchange celebrated its entrance to
its new quarters in the Merchants' Ex
change building yesterday. General
Walter Turnbull congratulated the
brokers of the board on their in
creased facilities and predicted that
the organization will play a prominent
part in the commercial history of San
Francisco. President Edward Barry
and Daniel Meyer also spokr
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4. 1905.
DID NOT TELL
ALL HE KNEW
J. A. S. Low, Witness to
Dunsmuir Will, Admits He
Testified Falsely at Trial
MAY WIN BIG ESTATE
Edna Wallace Hopper's
Chances Look Brighter for
Gaining Share of Millions
"I didn't tell the whole truth," was
the astounding statement made by J.
A. S. Low when he was giving testi
mony in the Dunsmuir will case yes
terday before Crown Commissioner
Courtenay Bennett, the. British Consul.
In the face of a powerful cross-ex
amination by Sir Charles H. Tupper
and Judge E. P. Coyne, Low was com
pelled to admit that he testified falsely
when giving his testimony while the
case was being tried in Victoria.
Edna Wallace Hopper's chances of
breaking the will now loom up In a
far brighter light than before, and it
looks as if she had a good chance to
get a slice of the Dunsmuir millions.
Low was one of the witnesses to the
Alexander Dunsmuir will, whereby the
immense estate was willed away from
Mrs. Alexander Dunsmuir and given
intact to James Dunsmuir.
The will was made In California,
and, according to the laws of this
State, the witnesses must know the
nature of the document or the will is
invalid. Low in his testimony during
the trial swore that he did not know
what the document he had signed waa,
nor did he know at the time of making
that statement any of the contents of
that document.
In its decision on the merits of the
will, the lower court at Victoria
plainly stated that proof had been
furnished that Alexander Dunsmuir
had possessed mental capacity for
transacting business prior to his death
and in the opinion of the court was
capable of making a will.
The Supreme Court of British Col
umbia, however, ignored the ruling of
the lower court, when the fact that
the will had not been properly proved
under the laws of California was pre
sented to it, and it ordered that a
commission be appointed to take fur
ther evidence in this city on the ques
tion as to whether the witnesses to
the will actually knew the contents of
the document at the time they affixed
their signatures to it. The Supreme
Ct urt agreed that it would not refer
the case back to the lower court but
would await the result of the taking
of testimony here and act accordingly
in determining the legal points pre
sented to it on appeal.
The Supreme Court of British Col
umbia, however, did not sustain the
opinions of the lower court, and the
presiding Judge held that further tes
timony should be taken from Low.
Immediately after the trial Low, who
had been in the employ of the Duns
muirs for twenty-five years, was dis
charged. At the time of the signing of
the document Low stated his monthly
salary was $250, but It was increased
by James Dunsmuir to $500 a month
pending the litigation. After his dis
charge Low went to He was
summoned back by cable by Andrew
Thorne, one of the attorneys of James
Dunsmuir, in order that he might
make some changes In his former tes
timony in behalf of sustaining the
will. He did this, to the best of his j
ability, in the direct examination put
to him by defendant's attorneys yes
terday and he swore that the night he
signed the paper he heard Alexander
Dunsmuir say to James Dunsmuir,
"Hand me the will." On cross-exam
ination, however, he fell down flat, and
made a great witness for both the
plaintiff, Edna Wallace Hopper, and
Mrs. Joan Dunsmuir, the intervenor.
Under severe cross-examination
Low first said he was Ignorant of
what the will was when he signed it.
but later said he knew what the docu- j
ment was. He further swore that
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PIANOLA
00 WHAT THE METRO
WHAT THE PIANOLA IS. ■ STYLE IS.
The Pianola is a small. 1 a "^i'
levers o°n which the bands style in reproducing music
al- works in the way of glv
rest, controls the expression - ing the intentions of the
and all dynamic effects. wub> composer. It is excellent."
WII ii Int
"The Standard Piano Player of the World"
The Metrostyle is placed in the Pianola exclusively. No other piano player has it, or
anything approximating it. Yet we sell the Pianola at the same price that is ask#d for
other players.
The price of the Pianola has always been $250. The Metrostyle is now included in
all Pianolas, and the price remains $250. Monthly payments if desired.
Have You a Piano Which You Do Not Use?
Is the piano In your home a musical instrument and do you enjoy it as such, or does it remain unused
for months at a time and become practically nothing more than an article of furniture?
With the METROSTYLE PIANOLA any person can play any piano. A Pianola in your home will be
come a part of the household; it will become the object of first resort; rainy days, long evenings, social gath
erings, impromptu dances, for college songs or musicales. Always ready, always able.
We will be glad to have you visit our Pianola parlors. Come and try the Pianola
After a half-hour's experience with the Pianola any one, no matter how Ignorant of music, can play
any composition ever written for the piano.
EXCLUSIVE AGENTS SAN FRANCISCO AND VICINITY
KOHLER. ®> CHASE gS
CORNER POST AND KEARNY STREETS
FRAGERS i PRAGERS ( TTRAGERS | PRAGERS
Our Third Annual White Sale
a Stupendous Success
rhe T erf ri Bargains The Block Light- Domestic Values
Continue 10-Day. „ . v , J c
...... Bright as the Noonday bun La Ce Curtains—One of the greatest 1
muslin Underwear (Third Floor) . s
iriuaiiii ufiuerwe«fr \ \ attractions of our \\ hite Sale—a pair.2sc
(Second Floor) Complete for /F «# C pa
Corset Covers—Reduced from 25c to ...8c |J I £m Arabian Lace Curtains—Worth St. 50 a
Corset Covers—Reduced from 35c t0... 12c >§f *9 mm pair; special -at gsc
Corset Covers—Made of undressed cam- >p "jk The brightest, the simplest Arabian Corded Curtains—Worth $4.00; 1
bnc; reduced from 35c to 15CI and the most easily managed snecial at t, .„
Corset Covers—Made of cambric; re- ■ |S Vl % ht manufactured. It burns P ec * 2 -5°
duced from 50c to aoc >lfc £0 eight parts of air to one ot gas: Silkoline—Worth 10c; special at 7c
tvt j r c . reduces your gas bih one-half ■
Corset Covers—Made of fine cambric; §E#9| and gives over four times the Scarfs and Shams—Worth 40c and 50c;
worth 75c; now 43c light that you can get from /soecial at 2<;c
Night Gowns—Made of nainsook; re- gffiffij an - v . ° ther burner. It produces f 3
fluced from $12; to 80c Wfiti a light equal to 300 candle- Muslin—Free from dressing; special,
aucea iroin 91.Z5 to 09c W&M power. A whole section of , &» r »
Night Gowns—Made of muslin; worth B our third floor devoted exclu- a yard s<"
75c; now 48c W sively to Block Lights. j Flannelette—Fleeced back; worth 12' Ac I
Night Gowns—Made of Swiss inser- _ ft _ a var H <;™»rial at fir
tions; reduced from $1.75 to 98c Our PostofflCe . Try a Damty Lunch a > ard s P ecial at 6c
Night Gowns—Made of muslin and (Station 47 > <?afr j India Linon— 40 inches wide; a yard 7c
cambric, worth $1.00; special at 69c 0/>e/>* To-Day. (Fourth Floor) Roller Toweling—lB inches wide—B 1-3 C
Skirts—Made of muslin; worth 75c; „sf°?^^SS 8 - cV?™ 8 . va ?^ m r^ a l^ ,rd bi f a yard quality; special at 4c
• 1 _ t o registered and stamps variety of good things at - - ' r -r
special al 40C for sale. moderate prfce. r . -p..,, , ... ... •
Skirts—Made of heavy muslin; worth | .Comforters—l<i lied with white cotton;
$1.25; special at /75cj ) special at 79c!
Skirts—Made of fine cambric; regular $2.c0 J[J Sheets—72 inches 35c!
Skirts—Made of undressed cambric; worth ' ■ M il fll i Pillow Cases—A ioc case for 6cl
musHnV regular'4oc l>39 {U A l \ mtz W ° ol Blankets — Made of California I
value; special at. 35c VBj -— wool; a pair $4-95 l
Drawers—Made of muslin; worth 75c; spe- j W AfA PKFTaw e/fW£IS S7S
cial at .... ...48c V ™**fm*i—ewtl£;& <JI& Bleached Satin Damasks-Snow white, J
Drawers—Made of cambric; worth 85c; spe- . ' a yard * accl
cial at 50c All the Shopping Inducements that have made - m
Drawers—Made of cambric; special at 63c this store popular are still here. Damask Napkins—34 size ; a dozen 95cl
when he was In the witness box
he had not told the "wjiole
truth." but that immediately after he
left the box he realized that he had
perjured himself. At this statement
Judge Coyne demanded of the witness
why, if he was an honest man, he had
not asked to be called back to the box
and be allowed to tell the true story.
The witness was silent for a time and
evaded the question by saying, "I an
swered all the questions that were put
to me."
Low further admitted that at the
trial, although he had sworn he did not
know the contents of the will at that
time, he did know the contents just the
same. The case will be resumed to-day
at 11 o'clock.
Sir Charles H. Tupper, K. C, Is .rep
resenting the intervenor, Mrs. J. O.
Dunsmuir. E. V. Bodwell, K. C, Judge
E. P. Coyne and Alexander Heyne
mann are attorneys for Edna Wallace
Hopper, and A. P. Luxton and Andrew
Thome are looking after the defend
ant's interests.
How She Got the Money.
In Judge Troutt's court yesterday,
hearing was resumed in the case of
Rose M. Biggs and Addle M. Norton
against Matilde R. Cords for the re
covery of $18,200 loaned by Ann B.
Clark, the aged mother of the two
plaintiffs, now deceased. Mrs. Cords
explained how she had been able to
get so large a sum without security.
She said she was promoting the Pacific
Pine Needle Cofipany, a quasi-medical
concern, and Mrs. Clark became Inter
ested in its success. Mrs. Clark was
anxious to assist in an enterprise
which promised relief for humanity.
She loaned the money to Mrs. Cords,
said the witness, with the understand
ing that it was to be invested in the
company and not repaid until the
company was able to pay it. Mrs.
Cords said that she was not to be re
sponsible for the debt. Mrs. Norton,
one of the daughters, told a different
AMUSEMENTS.
IYRMUAM direction
LI nil! iIMLL WILL GBEENBAUM
BURTON HOLMES
TRAVELOGUES
MAGNIFICENT COLORED VIEWS
ORIGINAL MOTION PICTURES
TWO COURSES EXACTLY ALIKE.
| Course A [ Course B
EM LONDON Tues.. Jan. 10 Wed., Jan. 11
ROUND ABOUT
LONDON Thura.Jan. 12 Frl.. Jan. 13
IRELAND Sat., Jan. 14 Mon.. Jan. 16
RUSSIA Tues. Jan. 17 Wed.. Jan. 18
JAPAN rnurs.,Jan. 10 Frl.. Jan. 20
COURSE TICKETS—S4, $3 and $2. Now
selling at Sherman. Clay & Co.'a.
story of the several loans, the making
of the notes and the payment of in
terest, and declared positively that her
mother expected Mrs. Cords to repay
the money.
Cherries Ripen Prematurely.
E. M. Bray of the firm of Bray
Brothers, commission merchants, ap
peared on the Produce Exchange yes
terday with two fine ripe cherries of
the Black Tartarian variety, which he
picked from a tree in his orchard at
Fruitvale. The appearance of ma
tured cherries at this time of the year
is something unusual and is due to
the abnormal weather conditions
which existed ip the fall and early
part of the winter of 1904, when cher
ry trees were in full bloom in several
growing districts. Mr. Bray said that
the trees from which the cherries
were plucked, as well as other trees,
which were blossoming, are now al
most entirely denuded of foliage, hav
ing lost all of their blossoms and most
of their leaves. •
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND SSSSS
SECOND WEEK
MATINEES TO-MORROW
AND SATURDAY
DAVID BELASCO PRESENTS
BLANCHE
BATES
>n The Darling of the Gods
SPECIAL MATINEE
TO-MORJCOW Thiirs.)
"Madame a My Aunt's
Butterfly" n Advice
The Play That J) The Play
Makes Men Cry. Makes Men Laugh.
feats on Sale To-Morrow for lasi Week
RESERVE SEATS EARLY!
THE FOUR BARDS
And Last Week of the
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW
HEADED BY
McINTYRE AND HEATH
IN A NEW ACT.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs
day, Saturday and Sunday.
Prices: 10c. 25c and 60c.
A T A T~S ft T> Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR rrsa
General Manager.
THIS WEEK ONLY
TO-NIGHT—Mats. Sat. and Sun.
Only San Francisco Production of Richard
Mansfield's Version of the Delightful Play,
OLD HEIDELBERG
The Quaint German Student Songs by a Triple
Male Quartet.
NO ADVANCE IN PRICES.
NEXT MONDAY—First Time in Stock.
Joseph Arthur's | seCT DiVFD
Famous Comedy H/O I IV IVL Fv
With the Bicycle Race, the Flight on Horse
back and Wonders of Realism.
0 E NTRAL'"^ 9
Market Street, Near Eighth, Phone South 533
TO-NlfiHT ALL week.
1 V/ - i IVJ I 1 i MATS SAT. & SUN.
The Greatest Metropolitan Scenic Success,
CHILD SLAVES
OF NEW YORK
Full of Dramatic Interest. Splendid Comedy
and Thrilling Climaxes.
Spellbinding fescue by the police patrol
tuff after a thriUln.tr fcaud-to-
Ixand battle on the river!
PRICES— Eve-.. 10c to 50c. Mats.. 10c, 16c. 25c.
mmi - Baciig!
New Xj&T Jockey
California Club
OAKLAND TRACK.
Racing every wetlt day. rain or shine.
Races start at 2:12 p. in. \n .
SIOOO Handicap, to be run Wednesday,
Jan. 4; Ecllansbee Handicap. $3000
Added, to be run Saturday. Jan. 7.
Fcr special trains stopping at the track take
a P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:<>0,
12:."0 1:00, 1:30 or 2:Ui. Returning trains
leave'the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and Im
mediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
raiawv Bee beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/Mfl room, the EMPIRE
ttllU PaRLOR, the
r t PALM ROOM, the
lif rand louis xv par -
Ml UUU LOR. and the LA
ww j * DIES* WRITING ;
Hotels j «q qm !
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 EES, XEAJL
AMUSEMENTS. >
The Last Week of
the Tivcli's Famous
Opera Success
KING
DODO
GRAND
WEDNESDAY
OPERA'
IN ITALIAN. ELEVEN.
SALE OF RESERVED SEATS
OPENS THURSDAY MORNING. JAN. &
PRICES. $2. $1 50, ft, 50c
Orders by mall, accompanied by check of
money order, will receive attention In the er
der In which they are received.
f*.fll HMD! A FBAIBSCO'S
lef ULsUmDI A mm m&
LAST 5 NIGHTS—MATINEE SATURDAY.
Last Time Sunday Night.
Henry W. Savage Offers George Ade's Musical
Satire.
THE
SULTAN ?SULU
Music by Alfred G. Wathall.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY,
FREDERICK KATHRYN
W'ARDE and KIDDER
In the Spectacular Drama,
"SALAMMBO."
Seat Sale Thursday—Mats. Wed. and Sat.
/ CALIFORNIA *
ALL THIS WEEK. '4
Funniest of all I 1
I 111 Swedish-Americanl I
JL Dialed. Comedies I I
lYonsonj
i SUNDAY NIGHT —BLACK PATTI
Q TROUBADOURS. 6
Hllssall C °^g^^in^^mWHKKKW^
H. W. BISHOP, Lessee and Manage*.
ALL THIS WEEK.
25c—MATINEE TO-MORROW—2So
Oliver Morosco Otters
HOWARD GOULD. J. H. GILMOUR
And the MaJ»sUc Players
In William Gillette's Great War Romance,
HELD BY THE ENEMY
NEXT MONDAY—"MIZPAH." or "Th«
"Story of Esther." by ELLA WHEELErt
WILCOX and Luscombe Searelle, the Musical
Wizard.
A Splendid Show Every Afternoon sad
Even luff in the Heated Theater.
•DON'T FAIL TO BEE
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN BPECTACLS
RARE AND INTERESTING ANIMALS IN
THE ZOO.
Amateur Eight and Electric Fountain
Thursday.
ADMISSION 10c 1 CHILDREN 5«
When 'Phoning. Ask for "The Chutes."
MISCELI^NKO
CADSKII
Last a Concerts. Alnamhra Theater. |
TO-MORROW NIGHT AT 8:18. I
SATURDAY MATINEE AT 8 O'CLOCK. I
SEATS - - $2.00, $1.50, $1.001
At Sherman. Clay A Co.'f, where pro- I
grammes for each concert may b* obtained. M
Fischer's Theater
TONY LUBELSKI, General Manager.
High Class Vaudeville. ,
10c and 20c. Children lCc.
Afternoons at 2:30; evenings. < :30 and t.
Continuous performances from it to U S n.
Saturday, Sunday and Holidays.
Ten Great Act*. Moving Picture*
78
FREE—A BOX 0T THE NEW GRAHAM BISCUITS, HADE BY THE
JOB SD^SP E^S^^
Address Communications to
\V. J. MARTIN.... Bti^tnegs^tonager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator C° n *
nect You With the Department You wish.
Publication Office....Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson s_
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies »
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash Witn
Order): _ a
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 1_ year.
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday), t> mot)... 4.w
DAILY CALL—By Single Month ««~
SUNDAY CALL, 1 Year **g
WEEKLY CALL. 1 year • • •
for Kir v f Da11y...58.80 Per Year Extra
POSTacv Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGK. | Wry)k iy. 1.00 Per Tear Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARB AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re
quested. # .
Mall subscribers In ordering change ofad
oress should be particular to give both Mflw
AND OLD ADDRESS la order to insur* a
prompt and correct compliance with their re
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
SI4S Center Street Telephone North T
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
Samuel w. wall Pot* Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. BW-t-—. W
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News 9°j,.£T**i
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Marquette Building.
• (Long Distance Telephone, "Central 26m. )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call
corner Market and Third streets; open .until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 D m - ...
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
638 McAllister street; open' until 9:30 p. m.
616 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast comer Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
' MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT MORI AH Lodge No. 44. F. and »
A. M. —Stated meeting THIS (WED-YY
NESDAT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. />f\
THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 130. F. and A. M. ra
will meet on THURSDAY, at 12:45 "VVf
jj. m., to attend the funeral of our /\/S
late brother. H. A. ELLIS; Master
Masons are Invited.
. ' GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 130, F. and A. »
M. Stated meeting THIS (WEDXES- YY
PAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By /V\
■ . order of the W. M.
It. H. McPHERSON. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. m
H- —Stated meeting THIS (WEDXES- YY
PAY i EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. fW\
■ H. J. OWEN, Secretary.
• HARMONY Lodge No. I. o7 O. y^m*,,
F—The officers and the Fu°eral__|___fefe.
committee of the above-named
lodge arc hereby notified to as-
• semble at Odd Fellows' Hall, cor. Market
and Seventh sis., on WEDNESDAY, Jan. 4,
1905. at 1:30 o'clock p. m., for the purpose
of attending the funeral of our late brother,
THOMAS VORRATH.
AUG. WILHELM, N. G.
CHARLES QUAST, F. S.
GERMANIA Loige No. 116, I. O.
O. F Installation of officers
• THURSDAY EVENING, Janu-^j&gßWg
vary 6. Visitor- welcome.
FRED GUDEHUS, N. G.
PAUL STRAUCH. Rec. Sec.
NATIONAL Union. Califor
nia Council, meets TO-
*<IGHT at Pioneer Hall,
. Fourth St.. at 8 o'clock.
Visiting friends cordially Invited: initiation.
By order C. BEN DEL, President.
C. H. VAN ORDEN, Secretary.
SPECIAL MEETING—A special meeting of
the. stockholders of the Pajaro Valley Con
: Boll—a tad Railroad Company will be h?ld at
the office of the company, 327 Market street,
■ San Francisco, on TUESDAY", the 17th day
of January, 1905, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board
, of directors to serve for the ensuing year and
fur the transaction of such other business as
..• may come before the meeting. The transfer
of the company will close on Friday,
January 13, 1905, at 3 p. m. By ortler of
. the president. W. H. HANNAM, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the Golden Gate Kin
dergarten Association for the election of di
rectors will be held at 560 Union st. on
' 'MONDAY, January 16, at 10 a. m.
VIRGINIA PITCH, President.
. JESSEY DORR. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic pro
cess irom Wing- K> c, in American Hydraulic
mine, near Port Wine. Sierra County, Cal..
draining into Morristown Ravine, thence into
, Yuba River; from Jerry Curtis, in Forest
• Grove mine, near Johnsville. Plumas County,
Cal.. draining into East Nelson Crck. which
reaches Feather River; from North Star Mm•
• Ing Company, in Lancell Placer mine, near
Mokelumne Hill, Calaveras County, Cal.,
draining Into Rich Gulch, which reaches
Calaveras River; and from J. A. Hartman,
In Claytcn Ranch Ravine mine, near Forbes
town, Yuba County, Cal., draining into Dry
'"reek, which reaches Yuba River, gives no
tice that a meeting to receive any protests
will be held at room 68. Flood building,
San Francisco, Cal., January 16, 1905, at
1:30 p. m.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Nevada National Bank of San Fran
cisco, Cal., will be held at Its banking
house, 801_ Montgomery st.. San Francisco,
Cal., on TUESDAY January 10. 1905.
at 8:15 p. m.. for (he election of directors to
»#rve during the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of such other business as may
ccme before the meeting.
GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
December 10. 1904.
ANNUAL MEETING—The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Company will be held at the office of the
company, 12t; Stockton st., at 12 o'clock.
• noon, on WEDNESDAY, the lith day of
•January. 1905. for the election of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and for the
transaction of such <->ther business ss may
come befor- the meeting
. PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
A- WEEK'S news for 0 cents—The Weekly Call.
10 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, SI per year!
ATTOBNEYB-AT-liAW.
A FRAUDULENT divorce Is dear at $12 and
' is no good: for 22 years I've made divorces
s specialty; quick, quiet; no money needed;
no pay unless divorce is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest feA: advice free; collections
made. G. W. HOfE, 1122 Market st.
•K. W. KING, Attorney-at-law, Exam, bldg.,
6th floor; entrance room 011; established 20
. years; all courts, general court and office
practice; no fees In advance or for consulta
tion: evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
■ AA—Divorce; costs $12; qu!ck,qulet;advice free;
all law business: no charge unless success
ful; open evenings. 627 Market St.. room 301.
. ADVICE free: divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs In advance; all law business: office
open Saturday evenings;. 819 Market st.. r. 33.
L. X CLARK. 027 Market, room 304; consulta
tlon free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
JOHN GUIDEP.Y*. attorney-at-lnw. rooms 3
and 4, 240 Montgomery st.; phone Red 0617.
' ASTHMA CURE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves instantly"
10c. 25c. 50c. ICO2 Market, St. Nicholas.
also Wishnrt. 10th and Washington. Oakland
'-! ■ —JLH
AUTOMOBZX.ES.
AUTOMOBILE gasoline runabout for sale or
trade for city prcporty; $700 cash. Pox 3683,
Call office.
"WANTED—An automobile of good make and
must be In-gord condition. Box 34'.»3, Call.
•{WANTED —To buy automobile for two persons.
Box 33D7, Call.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN. _
LADY teacher has kind home for girl. $12;
two, $22; music, languar.es; healthful locali
ty. 1433 Eighth aye. South, Sunset.
WANTED— To board and room a child. 118
Pago st.
WANTS to take care of an Infant; good care.
282 Turk St.. MRS. WEBER.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A—s22oo; CORNER saloon on California St.;
rent $75; old established business and good
paying place; fine fixtures; large stock; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—sl2oo; ROADHOI'SE; 4 furnished rooms;
rent $60; lease; shutfleboard; place estab
lished many years; best location on San Ma
teo road. Call R. G. WILKB, 26% Kearny.
A—sl2oo; FRUIT and produce stand in leading
market; doing a business of $100 per day; 3
horses, 2 wagons; a splendid offer and rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—$800; RESTAURANT and chophouse; close
to 2 carhouses; 5 rooms; rent $33; established
years; doing a first-class business; investi
gate; this Is a good business and a bargain.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s4ooo; BAKERY and confectionery, estab
lished many years; baking 7 barrels per day;
6 horses wagons and buggy; one of the best
In this city. See R. G. WILKE, 26 % Kearny.
A—s3so; WELL established real estate office in
Napa. Co.; office doing a good business; has
valuable contracts; clearing about $150; par
ticulars R. G. WILKEs 26% Kearny at.
A—s7so; HALF Interest In manufacturing busi
ness; established 16 years; partner "can clear
$150 easy per month; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—slsoo; TEA and coffee store, crockery, etc.;
estab. years; stock. Invoice to about $2500;
owner engaged in business In Arizona; must
sacrifice. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A—ssoo; HARDWARE, locksmith and electrl
cal repair shop; established 25 yean; best
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A—$1800; SALOON on water front, close to
Market St.; net rent $120; place established
many years and known as a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—s9oo; BAKERY with delicatessen store, ice
cream parlor; In very best location; will be
sacrificed; owner must leave at once for New
York; rent $20. Call R. G. WILKEi 26%
Kearny st.
A—s36oo; LIQUOR store, with 6 years' lease;
$2000 stock guaranteed: one block north of
Market; a very rare chance. Call on R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny St.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT and cofTee saloon;
dally receipts $50; rent $80; lease; place lo
cated close to Market and a good business.
Call on R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny St.
A—sl2oo; OLD-ESTAB. dyeing and cleaning
works; 3 horses; 4 wagons; net rent $20;
place estab. for many years and has a large
patronage; a good paying business. Call on
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—$1000; HOTEL; a flrst-class paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen with 5-year
lease; close to carhouse and other factories.
See R. G. WTLKE, 26% Kearny st.
A —$1800; RESTAURANT for sale in the best
mining town in the State of Nevada; dally
receipts $150; opposite the round house; no
better paying proposition in Nevada. Partic
ulars R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
$600 —WILL take partner in a good paying,
nicely furnished coffee parlor and restau
rant; lease; or owner will sell for $1100;
part on time. See R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A—s7ooo; BAKERY, one of the best in city;
monthly sales $6000; splendid chance for two
partners; not all cash necessary. Particulars
see R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s2soo; HOTEL in Sonoma Co.: 20 furn.
rooms; dining and bar room, bus, 2 horses,
cow. etc., and 7 acres of land; 5 years' lease;
rent $50 or owner will sell whole property
for $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny et.
A—sl76o; CORNER grocery and bar, with 6
living rooms, on Sacramento St.; 4% years'
lease; rent $45; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
$350—RESTAURANT; very best location; rent
$60; close to Kearny and Bush; good-paying
Investment; investigate. Call on R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s23so; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi
ness; 3 horses, 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best location;
a good cash business. See R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st.
A—$800; CORNER saloon in wholesale dls
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es
tab. 20 years and known as a good busl
ness. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s24so; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash busi
ness; location can't be beat; value In sight.
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s26oo; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block from Examiner building; place estab
lished years; doing a flrat-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s3soo; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.; rent $60; living rooms; stock will in
voice about $2800; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
F. A. BROOKBANK
BUSINEBS AGENT.
017 Market St., between Fifth and Sixth.
$350 AND services secure an interest in old
estab. office and commission business clear
ing $200 to $250 mo.; no experience required;
party must be sober and reliable and furnish
good references, as same will be tendered
him. Particulars with BROOKBANK.
$125—PARTNER for restaurant on water
front; clearing $76 to each monthly; no night
or Sunday work. See BROOKBANK.
$500—PARTNER for well paying cigar stand
on Market st.; elegant fixtures; large stock;
must be «ober and reliable man; no experi
ence required. See BROOKBANK.
INVENTORS—Your attention is called to the
stock of a corporation engaged in the manu
facture and sale of a hardware specialty
upon which a patent has been allowed, which
hi 'rk is for sale In amounts to suit. The ar
ticle is displacing other articles Intended
for the same purpose now on the mar
ket on account of Its simplicity, lightness
and ease of operation. A well known busi
ness man is at the head of the enterprise,
and the profits which can be made in the
business will allow a good income on the In r
vs-trm-nt. Full particulars at Sonntag's Pat
ent Agency, 214 Pine st.; telephone Front 14
A full Investigation solicited.
A— ■■
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
description do not fall to call upon us; we
may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH,
Removed James Flood building.
Rooms 874 v 876 and 878.
WANTED—Energetic and thoroughly reliable
rr.an. with $4000 to $6000 to Invest and take
management of already established extensive
paying business; salary $150 monthly as
manager besides his share of profits, which
easily will be $300 to $400 monthly; must be
able to give excellent references. For full
particulars see TONY LT'BELSKI. Fischer's
Theater. R. F., or Tuesday evenings at Nov
elty Theater, Oakland, Cal.
$400—Partner wanted; established genteel busi
ness; no night or Sunday business; duties
light; will pay $100 month to each: no expe
rience requln-d; trial allowed until satisfied.
Apply MARIN INV. CO., 235 Kearny st.
$7500—GROCERY and bar (separate); promi
nent corner; Immense stock; fine teams, etc.;
long lease; established 20 years; owner to re
tire; no agents. Apply P. O. box 2228.
WE incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unlisted securities: loans negotiated
HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. Ellicott Bquare
Buffalo.
FOR sale —A grocery, doing very good busi
ness: all new goods; must be sold as owner
; Is going away. Address 6602 San Pablo aye.,
Oakland.
STEAM laundry for sale In a large coast
town; the only steam laundry In town; the
plant In flrst-class condition. Address box
3723, Call office.
NEWSPAPER route for sale in Oakland; a
good Call route in Oakland for sale. Apply
ut Call business office for particulars.
$200—ACTIVE man wanted as partner to do
plain, light work; sure profit of $75 to each
per month. Apply 632 Market St., room 8.
$125 —RESTAURANT worth $300; must sell to
day account sickness. 235 Kearny st.
FOR sale or to lease, small printing office.
Box 3541, Call office.
GROCERY anl saloon license wanted: give
particulars and price. Box 3540, Call ofllce.
i RESTAURANT for sale. 181 Sixth at
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 4, 1905.
A—CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
For sale—2So acres, all tillable land; 2 miles
from S. P. R. R.; 20 miles from coast, on
main Jlne between S. F. and Los Angeles;
San Luis Obispo County; in rich valley of
Hucno River; deep, rich loam soil, 6 feet
deep; 80 acres of this Is little rolling, but
easily cultivated; no house or barn; fine
well of water; refused $10,000 short while
ago; price now $8000, as must leave coast.
Here Is an opportunity of getting one of the
best groceries and bars in city; fine transfer
corner; downtown and doing big business;
cheap rent; 5 years' lease; receipts average
$1800 to $2000 per month; never changed
hands; best of reasons for selling. CAM
ERON & CO.
Exchanges made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAM
ERON _ CO.. 3 Eddy st.
One of the best grocery and liquor stores: been
established for 20 years; doing fine business;
clearing $300 to $500 per month: owner has
made fortune and wishes to retire from busi
ness; good horse and wagon, with complete
stock, goes for $1800; fixtures worth price
asked; present owner there 8 years.
For sale —Flrst-class bazaar and cigar busi
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rent;
fixtures and store up-to-date; established 17
years; fine new stock of goods: has never
ohanged hands; now clearing $350 and over
per month; best reason for selling; an op
portunity of a lifetime. SEE CAMERON
& CO.
For sale—Well furnished and equipped country
hotel; 69 rooms; rent only $150; ten-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through -
, out; about 50 miles from S. F.; fine, grow
ing town; present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
Flrst-class saloon; downtown: two blocks from
Market St.; rent $75; well fitted up; receipts
$18 to $25 per day; must be sold on account
of other business; price, $1600. CAMERON
& CO.
First-class short order restaurant, downtown;
fittings new and up-to-date; receipts $75 to
$80 per day; fine opportunity to get Al prop
osition reasonable; best of reason for sell
ing. CAMERON & CO.
For sale —First-class downtown cigar store;
doing good business, but disagreement of
partners cause of sale. CAMERON Sc CO.
$100 seoures legitimate office business clearing
$250 a month; investor fully secured; ex
perience unnecessary. 1118 Market st, room 1.
DELICATESSEN store on Union St.; good
neighborhood; small business and good trade;
will sell for $300. Box 3402. Call.
FOR sale—Complete restaurant outfit; cheap.
Apply 242 Fourth st.
WANTED—To buy a delicatessen store; state
lowest price. Box 3298. Call.
WOULD like to purchase a cigar stand. Box
3097, Call.
$100—GOOD business; man or woman. Box
3724. Call office.
REMOVED Jan. 1, 1905.
REMOVED.
MARION GRIFFIN
Has removed from the Hearst building to suite
801. near elevators,
JAMES FLOOD BUILDING,
Corner of Market and Powell sts., opposite
Emporium.
Free list of
HOTELS AND ROOMING-HOUSES.
of 68 rooms; 7
-38.
Fashionable room- year lease. In-
Ing-house of 88 come $430 over
rooms, on Sutter rent. Modern
st. Furnishings building Price,
cost $6010. Every- $6700. Terms %
thing Is cash.
FIRST CLASS. See
All the roomers MARION
must give ac- GRIFFIN.
ceptable refer-
ences. House is
full. Profit is ex- 19.
actly $187 month- Draw $200 in gold
!y. Owing to im- out of the bank
mediate departure and let the bal
from city price is ance of youi
$3500. money stay there
until you have
See given this 19
- house a
MARION thorough trial.
Price $1600, re-
GRIFFIN. duced
—to $1200—
You pay $200
down and we
154. back you for a
Clean profit $396 thousand; house
monthly In a par- located In busi
tially furnished ness center, north
154-room house. of Market st. For
. Price $7500; Ist this holiday snap
payment $2000.
See
See ———
MARION
MARION
GRIFFIN.
GRIFFIN.
16. ,
24. THINK rapldlv
Transient house, and act quickly
near Market st. j on this 16-room
clears $125 to $200 house; north of
monthly. The net \ Market In a quiet,
profit for 1904 up respectable neigh
to Christmas was borhood.
exactly $1506. —Rent $30—
owner desires to Price put down to
leave S. F. at —$500—
once. For $500 Terms, % cash
first payment will and $10 monthly.
put you In pos-
session. See
See MARION
MARION GRIFFIN,
GRIFFIN. Suite 801.
JAMES FLOOD
86. Building.
READER, see No.
85. IF YOU ARE Cor. Market and
AMBITIOUS to Powell.
MAKE MONEY .
take a little time
and examine this 9.
grand corner CORNER house, 9
house of 85 rooms rooms, for $350:
large, airy and on Sutter st.
most beautifully —RENT $45 —
sunny rooms. All INCOME
well furnished and $90 monthly,
full of roomers; All large rooms;
rent $4 60 per all sunny rooms;
room; 4-year new furnishings,
lease; owner out —Cost $741 —
of city; make Will show the bills
your own offer to THIS is a
SNAP
MARION for the
Glad NEW YEAR
GRIFFIN, Owner Is away.
House runs itself.
Suite 801, No work.
The roomers
JAMES FLOOD are high class.
BtSldlng, MARION
Cor. Market and GRIFFIN,
Powell.
Suite 801.
JAMES FLOOD
100.
E L E G A NTLY Building.
furnished house of
100 rooms; first- Cor. Market and
class; right down- Powell,
town; very desir- __________
able location;
long lease; rea- 82.
| sonable rental; Bargain hunters
clears a large stop howling
amount of money; about high prices
if you are looking and let me show
ror a great bust- you my 32-room
ness proposition house on a prom
you have It In inent corner; well
this house. Exclu- rurnished; absn-
I slvely lutely respectable;
roomers all mem)
) WITH of the
"SMART SET."
MARION. Lease if desired:
you'll find no
GRIFFIN, fault with the
Suite 801, price: it's almost
I a gift. Get full
j JAMES FLOOD particulars of my
» • only agent.
Building.
MARION
Cor. Market and
Powell. GRIFFIN,
—— In the NEW
—-- — JAMES FLOOD
68.
Dependable nous* Building.
FOR sale—Lodging and boarding house and 19
sunny rooms; electric lights; reasonable. 121
Druram st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR- SALE—Con.
A—CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
For sale, 4 years' lease and business of 27
-room northeast corner house, well and com
pletely furnished and equipped boarding house;
swellest location in city; full permanent, first
class people; on account of departure soon
opportunity us offered to start in business for
the small Investment of $500. *
High-grade family hotel on the hill; ele
gantly furnished; has SO light and sunny
rooms; always full and clears a fine Income,
but sickness ;a only cause for being on the
market; good chance for some one to get pay
ing investment at sacrifice.
Big snap; 31-room apartment house; rent
only $4 per room; well furnished and clearing
$90 per month; will only take $550 cash, bal
ance time; price, $950.
24 beautifully furnished rooms: new house;
new furniture; modern and up to date; com
pleted less than 2 months; close in: sudden
illness in family causes sole - chance to get
brand new house as cheaD as old one. Owner
sick In bed; rare opporeunity.
First-claas Investment where you can earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of $4600 in 46
-room house; rent only $125 per month; choice
location on Sutter St.; always full; best of oak
furniture; good carpets; sickness only reason
for selling.
Swell family hotel on Sutter st.; beautifully
furnished; always full; there are 80 rooms;
rent only $425; obliged to leave city; will be
sold at half cost to furnish.
Grand, new, modern apartment-house; beau
tiful building; elegantly furnished; good long
lease with cheap rent; only 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny St.; has 180 rooms and pays $600
to $600 per month; always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had If taken at once.
This Is a fine opportunity for some one with
$1000 cash to get 26 rooms well furnished in
oak arid cherry; everything in flrst-class shape
and clears $85 above all expenses; leaves 3
rooms for landlady; balance can be paid out
of house.
Beautiful new building; grand entrance;
electric elevator, lights; steam heat; 60 light
and sunny rooms, elegantly furnished; spacious
halls; draperies and fittings or the best; where
you can have an exquisite home besides clear
ing $300 per month above all expenses; close
In: cheap rent and long lease; this house is
always full of best people; sickness causes
sale; exclusively with us.
Nice little house of 16 rooms, with good fur
niture and carpets; rent only $66; must dis
pose next ten days: make offer.
One of the best 28-soom transient houses in
city; fine corner; good location; newly fur
nished; fine condition, and if taken at once
can be got at a bargain; only requires $600
cash down, balance can be paid out of house.
Will clear $150 to $200 every month; has 2
years' lease; owner obliged to leave city.
Rare bargain can be got In a beautifully
furnished 100-room down town house, carpets,
furnfture and draDeriee of the best; building
and furnishings less than 2 years; electric
elevator, lights, steam heat; everything mod
ern and up-to-date; cheap rent; owner com
pelled to leave city on account of other busi
ness; bargain of a lifetime; exclusively.
Here Is a nice little home of 12 well fur
nished rooms; rent only $60; where you can
clear $60 per month and have 2 best rooms;
Van Ness aye.; only $850.
70-room country hotel; best interior town in
State; barroom, 2 dining rooms and 6-room
cottage besides; rent $100 per month; can get
10 years' lease; brick building; everything fine
condition; fine business proposition.
Beautifully furnished 6-room modern flat;
new 6 months ago; rent only $25; fine location;
cost over $900; to be sold for $400; departure.
Choice 80-room downtown European hotel;
strictly first class and thoroughly respectable;
every equipment; modern and up to date; al
ways full and clears $350 to $400 per month;
best reasons for selling; with us exclusively.
New. modern 8-room upper flat; choice loca
tion on Ellis; mahogany, birdseye maple fur
niture; Axmtnster and velvet carpets; cost
$2200 to furnish; will be sold at one-half cost
on account of buying larger house.
14-room bouse, furnished In oak and mahog
any; good carpets; first-class location; all full
and clearing nice little salary every month;
you can get It for $600 cash.
16 rooms well located on Eddy St.; rent only
$65: oak and cherry furniture: clears $75;
leaves 3 best rooms for landlady; everything
flrst-class condition: here is a fine borne com
bined with nice little business; part down, bal
ance as you make It.
Rare chance to get choice 7-room flat; rent,
Including garbage and Janitor service, $40 per
month: furnished In mahogany and oak; best
body Brussels carpets; n iv J year and cost
$800 to furnish; will sell fir $450 on account
of leaving city.
We have a number of special bargains !n
flats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern: can
be had for less than half cost to furnish;
must be sold, either account of sickness or
departure.
Have large list of real estate, hotels, room
ing houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON & CO., S Eddy at.
NEW FIRM—FISHER & CO.—NEW FIRM.
Successors to Mitchell ft Co. in rooming
houses, hotels and flats. James Flood bldg.,
Powell and Market; r. 430. Phone Main 3354.
FOR sale—A rooming-house of 17 rooms. Call
after 12 m., 162 Fourth st.
10 ROOMS and bath, cheap: good location; low
rent: Income. 817 Post st.
Roomlnsr-Houses and Hotels For Sale.
11. C. DECKER ' 906 MARKET ST.
H. C. DECKER PHONE JOHN 531.
SQUARE DEALING—CLEAR TITLES.
Over 28 years selling houses In this city.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOI SE
See the following bargains:
20 rooms; transient $850
14 rooms; only $350 cash $750
19 ronms; rent $75; only $250 cash $750
24 rooms; all light and sunny; rent $60.51400
26 rooms; Market St.; snap $2500
26 rooms; up-to-date hotel; swell loca
tion $3200
10-room house; new furniture $600
27-room house on Post st $2000
H. r. DECKER. l*ot> Market St.. cor. Stockton.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat
ing works.3ss-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works 1809 Har
rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE
DORN ft CO.: phone Mission 225
MICH ELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st—Flrst-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co . 402 Sutter st ;
tel. Main 394, GEO. WA L' 'OM ft CO.. Props.
RTJDOLPH ft CO.. rarpet-beatlng works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 263.
CREDIT CLOTHIERS.
C. F. ADAMS CO, .118 Mason st. nothing
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us and have It charged.
CLOTHING RENOVATING.
6UITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Ben Marche. Examiner bldg., r. 410;
phono Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
COLLECTION OFFICES^
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 413
Montgomery st.. rooms 0-10. Tel. Main 5580.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate—The Whalebone—Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 60; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silvar, 36c; crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewitt.2o4 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r. 14.15t
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Fafrell.
PARIS Dental parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st_
to corner Sutter st. and Grant aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES,
MCDOWELL Dressmaking ft Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew
art's button and buttonhole factory.UO Taylor.
SSVOATIOVAX.
A—THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical o< i
leges, begins its twelfth year. "We shall do
better work than before, and give general us
well as special courses. Our departments in
English literature, languages, mathematics,
sciences, history, etc., are ex:el'..?nt. Two
of the best teachers in California are In
charge of English and of mathematics. Come
and be with us, we prepare you well. Rsfs.
Pres. Jordan or any Stanford professor. Day
and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journal
ism will be formed on January 3, 4 and 5 at
2 p. m., at 333 Phelan bldg.; terms very rea
sonable; join these classes; the instruction is
excellent; rapid progress assured.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post st., S. F.; civil, mining, eleotnoal, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi
tions. S. F. Business College, 788 Mission st.
ENGINEERING —Civil, elec, mln., mech., sur
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
Established 1863; largest In the West; an
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
ALL Eng. and com. branches, $5 mo.; 47 les
sons Benn Pitman Shorthand hold any posi
tion; lndlv. lnstruc West. 8u5.C01.,1281 Mart.
IRVING Institute School for Girls, 2126 Cali
fornia st.; Easter term begins Tuesday,
January 8, 1906.
A—GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A—METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
aye.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
MME. PRILL'S Piano School, London Con.
2105 Golden Gate ay.; resident pupils taken.
DESIGN; strength materials; graphic statics;
practical; helpful from start; evenings;
mail. 20 Hartford st.
BOOKKEEPING —Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR, expert. 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. 828 Halght st.
CHICAGO Business College. 1584 Market—Posi
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hin
man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.—Night class.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY
To Consult
RICHARD MAYO
At Reduced Charges-
Complete clairvoyant readings 50c this week.
No charge unless satisfactory.
You can be the Jud-e.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age, occupa
tion. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood
before yoJf.
LOVE. COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs,
troubles, marriages, restores lost affections,
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quarrels.
TELLS YOU WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
And how to WIN the man or woman you
love, and how to make your husband or wife
be true to you, and how to overcome all
your enemies and how to make a person at
a distance think of you. and how to DE
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM. THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS.
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable.
Ellis st. —421A—Ellis st.
Hours—lo a. m. to 8 p. m. Private flat.
MME. LYNN,
The Eminent Clairvoyant—Psychic—Mystic.
Special Reduction This week. •
Readings 50c, 50c 50c 60c 50c 60c 60c Boc 50c
Wonderful, bewildering Is the work of Mme.
Lynn, whose readings are a revelation; advice
on love, marriage, courtship, business, mines;
also reunites the separated; gives secret power
to control any one in 21 days. She tells your
full name and what you want to know. All
business strictly confidential.
239 Powell st., near Geary.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. LANGE gives you advice by her gen
uine Egyptian sympathy palmistry, spirit
ualism and crystal readings; has the mag
netic mirror, the greatest secrets of the
world; tells by cards; shows the picture of
your future husband. Come and convince
yourself; 50c and up. Hours, 10 to 8, and
Sundays. 38 Turk St., bet. Market and Taylor.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medium, reads your life cor
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs In life; never failed to give satis
faction; 25c up. 17 Third st., next Examiner.
LIVINGSTONE.
For reliable clairvoyant reading consult
LIVINGSTONE,
26% Kearny st.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours—lo
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis St., clairvoyant,
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques
tion; names given; $1; hours. 10 to 8.
MME PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
with double veil and second sight: tells past,
present, future: 1. 60c: g. by cards $1; palm
istry full life read., $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
MIPS ZEMDAR. young gifted, clair. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 60c,
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names, 714 Franklin st.
A—MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known
trance medium; readings daily, 10 to 5. 343
Gtary st.
MME. KRONENBERG, palmist, clairvoyant.'
card reader: when others fail try me; read
ings 2.V. 102' 3 Sixth st., nr. Mission.
MISS WARD. 1206 Market st., parlor 31, clair
voyant, gives dates: take elevator.
MRP. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned: sittings daily. 108 6th st ,rooms 1-2
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune -
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
CHEAPEST and best In America—The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address In the
SPIRrTUALISM.
A—MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
REMOVED— MRP. LESTER to 872 Mission st.;
eir. Mon.. PH., 8 p.m.. 10c; read, dally, 50c,51.
MRS. CRINDLE'S materializing seances Wed.,
Friday and Sunday eves., 50c. 328 Ellis st.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Lar
kin. room 49: readings 1 to 5; tel. South 319
PROF. FRED EVANS noted elate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st Phone Scott 887.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A—JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 838 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A—ORPHEUM Employment Office—Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st.; tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE F.mployment Office—Best help at
Leon Seung's, O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY ft CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—FEMALE.
A—BOOKKEEPER, cashier, young lady; ex
pert accountant; quick, accurate: all modern
systems; highest references; last position 5
years. Box 3691, Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes a position to
do light housework or care for children. Ad
dress 162 South Park.
A REFINED young German wishes position as
nursery governess or companion; references.
Box 3511. Call.
*VVOMAN wants to take washing home; men's
underwear, blankets and curtains. 2685 Mis
sion St.. near Twenty-third.
COMPETENT French woman would like to do
any kind light work by the day: also even
ings. Address 1424% Howard st.
COMPETENT young lady bookkeeper, stenog
rapher and typewriter desires position. Box
3550, Call.
A WOMAN with a child, good cook, wants
work, country. 324 Mason St.; phone Black
< 2396.
LADY takes washing home: onen-air dry.
Phone Page 7031,
E»rj»LOjrT^
MIDDLE-AGED Eastern woman. Is a good cook
and will do washing; will go short distance
in country: wages $20 to $25. Address 1318
Hampshire st., near Twenty-fifth.
A YOUNG lady desires position as stenograph
er; neat, accurate and willing; experienced;
moderate salary to begin. Phone Church
7171.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes place for gen
eral housework, city or country. Call ot
316% Hitch st, between Bran nan and Town
send.
LADY would like employment in repairing
ladles' or gents' clothing: also to take charge
of children, either day or night. Box 1589,
Call office, Oakland.
A STRONG woman wants nursing or care of
invalid. 324 Mason st.; phone Black 2396.
COLORED woman wishes work by the day,
washing. M. L.. 127 Second st. __
HOTEL housekeeper of experience and ability,
accustomed to taking entire charge of the
housekeeping department in large, flrst-class
hotels thoroughly competent, can give the
best of references from former employers, de
sires position in large hotel. Box 8467. Call.
YOUNG lady wishes to find good horns; will be
companion and give light service; Is neat,
intelligent and refined, but entirely deaf;
only those who know what they want need
answer. Box 8687, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by elderly woman ts do
assistant housework city or short distance In
country; will work for $6 per month. Ad
dress 1404 Mason st. '
A YOUNG Swedish girt would like a position
doing upstairs work and waiting on table:
wa_es $26. Call at 832 Alabama St., bet.
Twentieth and Twenty-first sts., between
the hours of 11 a. m. and 3 p. m.
DRESSMAKER, ladles' tailor on suits and
coats shirtwaist suits; experienced and only
flrst-class work made at home; engagements
per day. MISS BARSS. Sherman House. 29
Eighth st
A STEADY, competent person wishes a posi
tion to do general housework in a small
family; wages $20. 66 Rose aye., off Mar
ket at
QUICK and Intelligent young lady wishes po
sition in office; no stenographer; writes ex
cellent business hand. Please call or ad
dress, stating terms. 861% Greenwich st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, American, wishes
light housework; small family of adults;
country preferred. Address, Housekeeper, 1
Polk st.
POSITION as housekeeper for widower or for
a number of men, by a middle-aged widow
from the East; best of references. Box 1691,
1008 Market at.
WANTED- —By an elderly woman to assist
with housework where there are no children;
rood cook. Address 1282 Page St., MRS.
WILLIAMS.
FINE young cook wants position in small fam
ily; an excellent manager; very economical;
wages $25 to $30; fare expected. Box 3206.
Call office.
YOUNG lady from the East, experienced aa
nurse, wants place to attend an invalid or
hospital; best references. Box 3672, Call.
SEAMSTRESS, can cut, fit children's clothes,
mend fine laces, table linen, engagements,
day or week. MISS STATHAM, 28 Eighth.
A WOMAN with references desires to do
washing or housework by the day; terms $1
and carfare. Box 3573, Call. /
WANTED —A position as chambermaid or as
sistant cook in small family by colored girl.
Box 3686, Call office.
A SWISS girl, a good cook, wants a situation
on a ranch. Apply 1165% Pacific st.. between
9 and 12 a. m.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
housecleaning, $1 50 and car fare. MRS.
OSGOOD, 116 Hayes st.
A SWEDISH girl wishes position at general
housework, plain work or upstairs work; no
postals. 1161 Pacific.
A GOOD dressmaker wishes a few more cus
tomers at home; flrst-class work at reason
able prices. Phone Scott 996. 647 Myrtle aye.
COMPETENT woman wishes** few families by
day, washing, cleaning or chamber work.
488 Geary St.; phone Brown 32.
AS caretaker in the home; care of Invalid or
mother's helper with grown children. House
keeper, 380 Page st.; phone Page 2366.
YOUNG English woman wishes position as
working housekeeper; fond of children. Box
3478. Call office.
A STEADY, competent person wishes a posi
tion to do general housework in small fam
ily; wages $20. 6 Rose aye., off Market st
GERMAN woman wants washing; underwear,
curtains, blankets. 2685 Mission St., near
Twenty-third.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing.
Ironing and bousecleaning; $1 60 day. Box
3509, Call.
YOUNG, healthy Scotch girt wants position as
wet nurse. 3305 Twenty-fourth St., near
Mission.
A REFINED young German wishes a position
as governess or companion; references. Box
3742, Call office.
COLORED woman desires a position as nurse.
11l Leroy place.
CHILDREN'S nurse wants position; private
family; wages $30 to $35. Box 3439, Call.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes position; American,
Spanish, French; $30, $35. 703 Stockton st
LADY takes washing home; open-air dry.
Phone Page 7931.
WOMAN wishes work in the kitchen of a deli
cacy store. Call at 12 El woods st
GERMAN woman wishes situation as cook. 723
California st.
A FAITHFUL Japanese girl desires a position
at housework In a small private family;
wages $3 a week. H. KOZAKO. 1215% Post
et.; phone Larkin 703.
A JAPANESE girl wishes a position as cook
and light houseworker, near Alamo square,
for less than 4 persons In family; wages $4 60.
S. SAKAKI, 1484 Fulton st.
A JAPANESE woman wishes position at gen
eral housework; wages $4 week up. S. MI
YAHARA. 451 Jessie st.; phone Folsom 2742
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
A YOUNG married man, experienced book
keeper and cashier, traveling salesman of
ability, posttlon of trust, where faithfulness
and trustworthiness count; flrst-class refer
ences; do not use tobacco or liquors. GEO.
E. WEATHERBY JR., 142 Woodland aye.;
phone Fell 8266.
AS medical attendant and masseur to Invalid
or mental patient by experienced and reliable
man under middle age; of education and
thorough training; best of references; terms
moderate; correspondence solicited. Address
J. J.. box 3570. Call office. ■
AA—A FIRST-CLASS painter, paperhanger,
tinter and gralner. desires work by the day
or Job; tools furnished; work guaranteed;
prices cheap. 1454 Devisadero st.
SOBER, elderly man wants work; private fam
ily; used to gentleman's place; horses, gard
ening; all-round man; references: wages no
.object. Box 3637, Call.
Scandinavian (Danish) wants situation, gard
ener or man about place; can assist In house- j
work; city or country: best references. An
drew Johnson, 331 Kearny St., room 36.
COACHMAN and gardener (Danish) wishes
situation: flrst-class recommendations. Box
3549, Call office.
YOT'NG man of 28. having 10 years' experience
In store and office; rapid penman, accurate
at figures. Box 3550, Call.
EXPERIENCED man wants a position in a
dairy creamery or cheese factory. Box
3538, Call office.
AN experienced gents' furnishing goods sales
man desires permanent position: city or coun.
try; city references. Box 3539, Call.
SALOON porter, middle-aged man, wlshea po
sition: have Al references and considerable
experience behind the bar. Box 3486, Call.
A YOUNG Englishman desires position as
butler or valet; flrst-class New York refer
ences. Box 3681, Call office.
WANTED—By young man. willing and ener
getic, good references, work for eight hours
a day in the city; warehouse or work of any
sort. Box 3587,Ca1l office.
STUDENT of Affiliated Colleges wishes to ex
change work for board and room; understands
cooking: location near park preferred Box
3597. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS carriage-maker and painter,
who is able to work at any branch of car
riage-making, wishes .position. Box 8737
Call office.
YOUNG man wants Job on ranch or country
place; can take entire charge; good worker
references. Box 3678. Call office.
ELDERLY man wants work as chorsman or
care for horse and garden; $15 per month
Box 3575. Call.
A GOOD barber wants position for Saturdays
< and Sundays. 715 Filbert st
EMPLOYMENT WAITTT»--MAlo—Cob.
WANTED —By reliable, middle-aged, mariied
farmer, position as working foreman on
stock, grain or fruit ranch; thoroughly ca
pable of taking full charge, having marie
stcok, grain and fruit raising a study; can
furnish references if wanted. Box 3471, Call.
WANTED—PIace to care for, as coachman,
gardener, foreman; in any branch of farming,
gardening; also improve new lands, with irri
gation, etc.; experience; reference. Address
box 3500. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a male nurse and
imasseur, a graduate of Stockholm. Sweden;
10 years" experience in Chicago. 8 years in
last place; would like position in institution
or private. Address box 3458. Call.
SCANDINAVIAN (Danish) wants situation as
gardener or man about place; can assist In
housework; city or country; best of refer
ences. Address ANDREW JOHNSON. 331
Kearny st.. room 3(5, S. F.
BAKER with experience wants position on
bread or cakes In city or country; can give
reference. Address \VM. R. JANTZEN. 844
Mission st.
LANDSCAPE gardener wants place. Improve
new grounds, pruning, planting orchards,
vine*; California experience; references. Ad
flress box 3484, Call office.
RANCH foreman wants take charge of small
orchard, vines, pruning, lay out new grounds:
California experience; references. Address
box 8485, Call office.
WANTED—A position by an experienced por
ter or shipping clerk; 8 years with last firm,
who has retired from business; references.
Address box 3714. Call office.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation aa clerk in grocery and barroom;
good references. W. BOHLING. 417 Kearny
street.
YOUNG German with experience desires posi
tion in grocery; 8 years in last place; best of
references from the same. 201 Montgomery
avenue.
FIRST-CLASS carriage maker and painter,
who is able to work at any branch of car
riage making, wishes position. Box 3737,
Call office.
WANTED —A position by an experienced por
ter or shipping clerk; 8 years with last Arm.
who have, retired from business; reference*.
Address box 3714, Call office.
ACCOUNTANT, first class, open for engage
ment January 1; age 35; salary 8100; best
city references and cash bond. Address boa
3941, Call office.
AN Industrious middle-aged man would like a
place to work a few hours a day. Address 16
Jansen st.
1 DRAUGHTSMAN and engineer desires engage
ment: structural and topographical expert,
Box 3435. Call office. ________
EXPERIENCED traveling salesman wants po
sition with local or Eastern mercantile house
or manufacturer. Box 3589. Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener wishes position, ex
perienced, useful, milk, handy with tools]
good references Box 3584, Call office.
A GOOD boy. 16 years old, wishes a good
home to do chores around the house for pin
money. Call at 2202 Mission st, cor. 18th.
A GOOD, reliable man for private driver or
garden work; references. Address J. J.
HUGHES, 733 Stevenson st.
WANTED—By experienced Englishman, sober
and reliable, position as coachman or second
man; good references. Box 3711, Call office.
RELIABLE man wants position as general re
pairer or taking care of property. J. KANE,
842 Minna st.
YOUNG colored man wishes position as porter
in barber shop or running elevator. Address
Harry Taylor. 915 Powell; phone Red 142.
EXPERIENCED janitor wants position; Ger
man-American: strictly sober and reliable;
not afraid to work; non-union. Box 3425, Call.
PORTER wishes position In wholesale house; is
an experienced man. Address box 3686, Call.
CARPENTER, non-union, experience In office
fixtures, wants work. Box 3571, Call office.
ACTIVE .young carpenter desires employment,
rough or finish, $3 day. Box 3747. Call.
FIRST-CLABS grocery clerk wishes position
In store; speaks German. Box 3206, Call.
YOUNG first-class barber Wants work. Box
3207. Call office.
ALL-ROUND tailor and cutter, sober, wants
position. Box 3688. Call.
YOUNG man desires position as an assistant
bookkeeper or as clerk. Box 3760, Call.
FIRST-CLASS painter, paperhanger, tinter and
polisher wants work. VETTH, 718% Grove st
ACTIVE young carpenter desires employment,
rough or finish, $3 day. Box 3747, Call.
A TRUSTWORTHY and competent Japanese
boy, speaks good English, would like a place
as schoolboy; best of reference. Box 3408,
Call office.
A JAPANESE high school student wants a slt
situation as schoolboy In a good family; cook
or waiter; $2 week. K. SAKA, 807 Polk st
Japanese Mission.
I WISH work in city or country 1 good home;
good cook; nice recommendations; very hon
est Japanese boy; wages $25 a month. HITA.
417 Bush st
A GOOD Japanese and wife desire work, both
good cooks; wife will do general housework;
have references. Address box 3588, Call.
A JAPANESE boy wants position at general
housework: understands plain cooking I
EVERS. 725 Geary st.; phone Hyde 1586. '
A YOUNG Japanese boy wishes a position at
housework; wages $5 to $7. KIME, 319 De
vlsadero st.
AN honest young Japanese boy wants posi
tion as schoolboy. F. UNO, 2316 California
St., Japanese Mission.
A JAPANESE boy wishes position to do dlsh
washing every night In family. S. MORL
716 Leavenworth et.
A JAPANESE high school student wants a po
sition as schoolboy; $2 week; plain cook es
waiter. K. SAKA. box 8698. Call offloe.
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes situation as a
school boy; wages no object FRANK
OGAWA. 744 Post St.. city. ~_-i_
JAPANESE boy wants situation as schoolboy
in a family. OKA, 744 Post St.; tel. Suttee
1731.
A JAPANESE boy wants position as schoolboy
Phone Sutter 4182.
A JAPANESE, genteel, honest boy, wishes po
sition as schoolboy. A. 8., 83 Minna st
JAPANESE good boy wants position as lchool
boy. K. TAN, 322% O Farrell st.
YOUNG Chinese boy wishes a position as cook
or housework in small family. AH FONG.
7 Brenham place.
A CHINESE first-class cook wants position in
family. SAM, 715% Dupont st.
CHINESE boy wishes a position as flrst-class
cook In family. AH KEE, 7 Brenham place.
EOTEMA CUBE.
$100 FREE for any case of eerema, salt rheum
or barber Itch that I can t cure; a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth Ft.
FXJfANCXAL.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid In $4,600,000 00
Surplus .1 940,901 86
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
At par.
Office—No. 14 Sansome st
San Francisco, Cal.
COMPANIES formed; mining or patents: stock
.sold; strong Eastern connections; advice free.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY, 522 Crcssley bids;.
PLATS TO LET.
A—HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 246-59 Geary
at., on the square.
NEW. swell sunny flats. 6 rooms, to lat; every
possible latest convenience; close to the main
entrance to the Park; 5 car lines; one runs
al! 'light. Seventh aye., near Fulton st.; open
Jl to 4.
SACRAMENTO. 2463-5-7—S beautiful new
fiats. 6. 7 and 8 rooms, sun in every room,
marbie steps, electric lights, reception hall'
rent $36 to $46.
SIX elegant, new, sunny flats; Just finished- 6.
6 and 8 rs. tiled bath rs.; sunny store rs *■
$26. $27 50, $30. $32 50. $37 50. $47 50. Cor Ist
aye. and Sacramento st.: open 10 a. m. to 5.
MODFRN. lower flat. 6 rooms and bath- pan
eled dining-room, garden. Janitor service
water free; $30. 1288 Page it.
MODERN flat. 7 sunny rooms, bath, J «ttlc
rooms, basement. 1428 Green St.. near v_n
, Neat aye.MUTUAL BISCUIT COMPANY, TO SMALL AD PATRONS—FREE
PLATS TO LET—Continued.^
tUES, hc_f« and flats to let; every de-
Ile vacant place In San Francisco on
our lists; s-rvtee absolutely free; let us find
■ in a place; come in and let us know what
v want to pay and the locality; "we
Jo the rest." Ster'ing Furniture Company,
!i>S9 Market St.. opp. McAllister.
, ipt—Trro nice flats, ttSsVgRU Post et.. of
r iimi and bath each; rent of middle flat,
'■>. lower flat, $21 50: with water.
elcsant flats; latest improvements; Just
r «hed; park panhandle. STRAUB. 630
Market st.
I . US*—Flat. 6 rooms and bath; rent $23,
, ater free.
••< 4iroom flat, bath; latest improvementa
4!*P 26th st.. nr. Castro; small family.
»N roomSt tour of which are in basement.
; rent $3fl. 616 Halght st.
,X, 1361—Beautiful 7-room flat; facing pan
* indls McKinley statue; rent $30.
y< iT'R-room flat; in town; $30. 313 Taylor st.
TW ENTY-FOURTH, 2127—New upper flat; 6
rooms and bath; rent $18; adults
\ S e!»cant new sunny flat. 7 rooms; choice
neighborhood. 1740 Steiner St., near Sutter.
Bl NNY* modern middle flat, 7 rooms and bath
649 Fell st.. near Wehster.
f. \ KGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
.r, LYON ft HP AC, U<\ Mcntp-imery st
PLATS TO LET —FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat, 6 rooms, bath; sunny; 2 car
lines; on view from 10 until 1: upper bell.
1413 Washington St.. between Leavenworth I
and Hyde. # I
PLATS POR SALE—FURNISHED. !
FOR sate, cheap—Furnished 3-room flat; rent I
$10. 158 Silver st, t
MODERN 9-roorn flat; rooms all rented; $25
tn $35 over rent; bargain; 12 to 8. 1178 Ellis
JFITRMTTU RE WANTED.
WELL GET TOUR BUSINESS"—We pay
the most money for furniture, carpets, office
fittings, merchandise and houses. MARK J.
LEVY AUCTION CO., IS2I Market st.. be
tween 9th and 10th. Phone South 179.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur
niture, etc., until you get bis estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L H.
' BURD. auc, 1636 Market; phone Jessie 2336.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert, 773 Mission St., be
' fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 4462.
. FURNITURE FOB BALE.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur
niture, carpets, etc. TB2 Mission; tel Bush 813.
rURNrrURE of 4 rooms complete for hakpg.;
cheap; as whole or any party. 310 A Clement.
HE
COOK and second girl for small family. In
atty, $30 and $20.
for American family in San Mateo, $35.
Waitress for the same family, $30.
Governess for one grown child, $35; don't
apply without best of references.
Waitress and parlor maid. $30.
< 'hambermaid and seamstress, $30. .
Nurse for 2 children, San Rafael, $3%.
Four waitresses for flrst-class hotels, city,
$25 csch.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter st.
COOK, no washing, city. $40: 6 cooks, little
washing. $30. $35: 2 upstairs girls and.sew
' ing, $25. $30: 2 second girls. $25; 3 nurse
girls. $15. $25 MS; man and wife, $45: 5
waitresses, city and country hotels, $25, $30;
kitchen helper. Institution, $26; cook for Oak
' land, $30: cook for sanitarium, $35: chamber
maid, no room. $7; housework on ranches,
and large number of housework girls,
••itv and country, $15, $30. Apply to J. F.
CROSETTft CO., 334 Sutter st.
A COOK and secmd girl, $36 and $25: walt
■ resa. $30; second girl, 2 In family, $26;
nursegirl, $15; 3 young girls for light house
work. $15; cook, $30; 4 house girls, $30; 10
. housegirls, $25 and $20: house girl. Sausa
' lito. $30; Berkeley. $30; second girl. Oak
land $25; 2 second girls, city. $25 each.
• MRS. NORTON, 608 Mason st.
GIRLS to learn hairdressing, manicuring, etc.;
trade rat'stht from A to Z in 2 wks.; tuition
. $5 "to those entering now; 3 positi as to fill
immediately; positions guar, at $10 per week
up; only recognized college of Its kind on
' cosdt: day and eve. class. 233 Geary, r. 13.
WANTED —Girls to learn millinery now for
spring season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up: 7 positions to be filled by
. first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A—PACIFIC College teaches hairdressing,
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
•recognised college of Its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER
ALLS. JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX
PERIENCE NECESSARY; BTEADY WORK;
' GOOD PAY. LEVI STRAUSS ft CO.. 82%
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
IN OAKLAND. COR. 10TH AND CLAY STB..
PF/WINO MACHINE OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECES
SARY; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS A CO.
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
home, evenings or snare time and return to
as; no mailing or canvassing: $9 weekly
earned: materials free; enclose self-addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co., No.
W 12. Ninth st., Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED—Teacher to go to Nevada to fill
out an unexpired term; $80 per month and
transportation; refa required. Box 3514.
Call office.
GIRL, good plain cooking, housework; small
family: $25; rtfs. 2861 Sacramento St., »
to 12 a. m.; car fare.
WANTED—A young girl who lives at home
to wait on an old lady residing on Van Ness
. aye. and Geary st Apply at 1307 Hyde st.
EXPERIENCED bookfolders wanted. Apply to
PT SWELL CO., bookbinders, 536 Clay st.
TYPESETTER wanted; $10 week. 816 Com
merclal st.
NEAT, reliable girl to do general housework
and cooklna; wages $25. 1 Scott st.
WANTED—GirI for light housework. 711
Castro st.
GIRL for light housework. 646 Clayton
street.
TOUNO girl for general housework. Apply 506
Height at.
.YOUNG lady to take care of child. 104 Turk >
St.. room 26.
WOMAN for housework. 47 Henry st! bet"
.14th and 15th and Sanches and Not.
Wanted—Chocolate dTpper; $10 to ~sl2 per
week. Apply KELLER CANDY CO. Oak
.- !. r.-fw 477 Seventh st.
TOR and finishers on custom vests 600 I
Kearny st.. room 2. ' (
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at I
Chutes. 6 p. m. Wednejiday; salary no object.
r "*pY clerk wanted for grocery at 816~Bryant
German preferred.
4 ULU —1 J JHi
r HELP WANTED—MALE.
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU
P.ni-302 STARR KING BLDG.. 3d Floor 121
Geary »t.
cnx D UCTED BUSINESS
Positions secured for
Bookkeer?„ Assistant Bookkeepers.
Bookkeepers. Hote , C ierks.
Stenographers. Railroad Clerks
Office Managers Timekeepers
Correspondent Clerks. Collectors
Accountants. Bill Clerks
Buyers. Shipping cierks
Traveling Salesmen. Law offlc ; -
Managers Dept. Stores. Entry Clerks
a9 i.'. er _ flgar Clerks.'
J rea,t Men. Dry Goooa Clerks.
Secretaries. - Receiving Clerks
General office work In all lines of busines.
Offices and representatives in cgher oltie«
APPLY AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BURKATT
::ni-302 STARR KING BLDG.. 3d Floor 121
GEARY ST. ' 121
TYPEWRITER
stands figut-s. $40 and found; Uk°r coun
try hotel. $36 and found; barber country
hotel; stonemason and others. J rr rucv/
KTT ft CO.. 628 Sacramento st. '
OFFICE boy wanted at 628 Battery st. Aonlv
between 0 and 10 a. m. *■ "
I 1?D IT IT To Our f>W) J>T> j
| ••F IvXiU. SMALL AD PATRONS ..V IvJtJt..
| HEALTHFUL NOURISHING DELICIOUS j
I We offer to our Small Ad patrons this week the latest Graham Biscuit made. None others are like it and none compare to t
it in flavor and quality. Graham biscuit are suitable for any meal of the day. Make a dainty reception food and are particularly accept- I
able to those who do not care for cakes too sweet. I
SThey are made by the Mutual Biscuit Company, 610 and 612 Battery street, whose standard of purity and quality in the goods \
they manufacture is exceptionally high. These Graham Biscuit represent the acme of the bakers' art, and are t
I t0 SATUIU>AY C<Al ° ffiC * ™ «"* Market StS «
For_rh_ SUNDAY CALL OAKLAND OFFICE - - - 1016 BROADWAY
HELP WAVTEO —SM9SSiSS!SvSSSS2t»
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
Phone Main 5848.
TH3 RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
We gave in WW 1904 we hope to
60 UOO men work increase bO.OOO.
SPECIALS.
FOREMAN.
Steam shovel foreman, country, see boss
here, $100 and found.
PLANING MILLS.
Sticker hand, country planing mill, see boss
* JIIS<"ELLANEOI*S.
Youn* man to assist shipping clerk, city
Itm, $0 week.
Bookkeeper, country store.: «T5.
FARMS. DAIRIES, ORCHARDS, JtTC.
25 farm hands, teamsters, milkers and chore
men and boys.
ASSAYER.
Arsayer and melter for gold mine, see boss
here, $3 day. _„ T
HOTEL
Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, porters, ben
country restaurant. $85;; cook
and wife, mine boarding-house, $55 ™-
OREGON. COAL MINERS. OREUON.
OREGON.
10 coal miners for a good mine by contracts;
big money can be made on this Job.
FareT refunded ... Fare Refunded.
4 placer miners, north. $45 and fd.
6 pruners, 75c fare. $26 tound.
Waiter, mine- boardinit-hoifte, $-5 found.
NEW
COMPANY WORK.
STEADY JOBS,
ft men to fire rarnace, city job, $2 day.
6 laborers, city job. steady, company work.
OTHERS.
Brlckmason. company work '
Planer man, city mill, good wages.
Electrician, wire cottages, country.
10 pruners. $26 fd; waiter, near city, $8
MURRAY A" READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A-BOOKKEEPBR^
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU,
801-302 Starr King bldg., 3d floor. 121 Geary.
Conducted on Strictly Business Principles.
Positions Secured for:
FtTn k Sers. Railroad clerk.
Office managers. ItnlJZ^
Correspondent clerks. CUectorJ
Accountanu. & clerks.
Traveling salesmen. . Law office clerks.
Ma\ager*for dept. stores. Entry clerks.
SttS? cUrS
ofn7ral office work in all lines of business.
OfflceTand representatives in other cities.
Addlv American Commercial Bureau,
301-302 Starr King bldg., 3d floor. 121 Geary.
AT HORD A SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents. 95 Thlrd «•
Cement finisher, sidewalk work, U 60.
Companion for old gentleman, city. $20 and
Center, flats, $8 to $3 50. city.
Plumber, contract, city.
Plasterer, contract, city.
roZlorl S \^°co^i g inducements.
MAN and wife for a small private Institution
$50. room and board; references. MISS
PLUNKBTT. 425 >
ucr -vtfD—One or two men to learn trade;
W for security; no Sunday work.
Call 212 First at. _
tm-WANTED, partner in Al business: bl»
1 profit- Hghi: service. 253 Fourth St.. barber
shop. '•." ■ -
TAILORS —Bushelmen wanted; apply at one*.
5 N WOOD A CO., 740 Market st. ,
r*r ATM A KER wanted for the country. Apply
REISS BROS A CO.. 24 Sutter st.
BILL and entry clerk. $40 to $60 California
Employment Agency. 14 Third st. i
FIRST-CLASS cutter wanted. Boa 3642. Call.
WANTED— Drug cle.-k. Ellis and Mason eta.
BARBER wanted for Wednesday Sat and
Sun.; chance to buy half. 1350 Howard st
BARBER wanted for Wednesday. 411 Devisa
dero st.
BARBER wanted at 303 Sixth st.
STEADY waiter. 434 Fifth st.
WATCHMAN wanted that understands electric
elevator. Hotel Gazette, 26 Montgomery, r.12.
TWO men to learn the barber trade; abso
lutely free; good chance. 751 Mission st.
SAILORB for deep water ships at HERMAN'S.
26 and 27 Steuart st.
I WANTED—Boy to learn trad*. Box 3682, Call
office.
BATtBER shop for sale; good location; three
chairs. Irquire at 1202 Fillmore st.
ONE-CHAIR barber shop for sale. 817 Mont
gomery aye.
BARBER shopJOr sale, cheap. 728 Mission st.
BARBER shop; will give at your price; rent
sfl. 225 Vi Fifth st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 19Q5.
HELP WANTED—MALE-—Continued.^
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush st.
Experienced blacksmith's helper, floor man,
hotel stable, country, see party in our
office. 9 to 10 a. m., $40 and found, fare paid.
Hostler, private place, party in our office,
11 a. m.. $35 and found.
2 window bakers, restaurant, city...sl2 wk.
Night cook, restaurant $15 week
Oyster cook, country $45
Oysterman. Southern California hotel, rate
fare $35 and found
C. R. HANSEN A CO 429 Bush st.
COMPETENT men wanted—We have the most
complete and successful method for finding
positions; we desire only high-grade men,
who can furnish satisfactory proof of their
qualifications; none but mem specially fitted
for some particular work need apply; com
missions payable only on securing a position.
Commercial Clearance Co., 415-16 Starr King
building, 121 Geary at.
MERCHANTS and manufacturers desiring to
employ commercial travelers are requested
to communicate with the secretary of the
Pacific Coast Commercial Travelers' Associa
tion, 416 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.
PLEASANT faced, fine appearing registered
physician and surgeon; must be quite gray,
but active: positively no other; no traveling;
salary $200 or more when well started. Call
at 25 Third st.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters, home
evenings. $9 50 week. Send addressed en
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. W 12,
Vox 2111. Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED—Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade: Coyne Bros. Co. School of practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973
-75 Easton aye., St. Louis, Mo.
WANTED —Men to prepare for railway mail.
Internal revenue and costom-house positions;
free cstalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti
tute. Grant bldg., 1095 Market: open evgs.
WANTED—Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 60c per night.
WANTED—Man of good address for permanent
position with reliable company. Address
MANAGER. P. O. box 271, Sacramento. Cal.
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale; cigar stand
apd laundry; owner going East, 218 Mont
gomery aye.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 571 Mission et.. bet. let and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third St., Examiner building.
WANTED —Men to fill 860 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec
tric light In every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50'
pair: foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st., Ea-m. kid.: open till 9 P.m.
A—JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 839.
MUST sell; 8-chalr barber shop; good location;
cheap rent; lease. Apply box 3586, Call.
WANTED—Men or boys to peddle fruit. Call
at 563 Natoroa st
BOY about 14 or 15 for men's furnishing store;
$4 a week at first. 424 Kearny st.
WANTED —Boys deliver telegrams; wages $30
to $36 per month. 300 Montgomery st..
FOR sale—A 2-ohair barber shop. Corner
Fourteenth and Folsom sts.
WANTED —Young man to work for his tuition
in 8. F. Barber School. 741 Howard st
BAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
MEN to learn the detective business; paid
while learning. 997 Market st, room 104.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St., where shoes are re
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln., 76c.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy., r. 41S.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullla, r. 40. Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar
ket—7oo rooms; 38c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st, opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
ALL sixes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 671 Mission st. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
BJL- . -
• HOBSES AND WAGONS.
THE quarterly bulletin of 8. F. Veterinary Col
lege now ready ; mailed free upon application
to DR.E.J.CREELY.Pres.,SIO Golden Gate.
CARLOAD gentle business buggy and livery
horses. E. STEWART A CO.. 220 Valencia
WANTED —To buy a good and stylish road
horse. Address box 3297, Call office.
AUCTION ssle of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A—PRINTED list of houses to"7etTsenTfor~chP
cular. Q. H. UMBBEN A CP,, 80 Montgomery.
UNFURNISHED or partly furnished home;
Presidio Heights; 8 rooms and bath. Box
737, Call office.
HOUSE 8 rooms and bath Inquire 126
Eddy st #
\ HOTELS.
HOTEL BALTIMORE, 1015 Van Ness aye.—
Thts flrst-class hotel, now being conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
season or year. Location is unsurpassed. The
equipments are all modern, with every con
venience. The rooms are large, sunny and
comfortable; superb view; furnishings are all
elegant. Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langbam,
New York, and Moana Hotel. Honolulu.
APARTMENTS WANTED.
WANTED—4-room apartment; state rates and
accommodations. Box 3398. Call.
INSTALLMENT STJTLDING
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes. 512 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your In
stallments less than rent: gend for circular.
LOST AND POUND.
LOST —A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of WILLIAM J. WORKMAN, No.
284-1221. The finder will please return to
bank.
IF party who found black purse with small
brass buckles on each side, containing call
ing cards and several other articles, will re
turn to the penny auditorium they will re
ceive reward.
LOST —Sunday afternoon, Dec. 11. at beach,
south of Park, black Scotch collie bitch.
Suitable reward if returned to 1326 Forty
ninth aye., Boulevard station, or for inform
ation of whereabouts.
LOST —A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Boclety of San Francisco In the
name of MARY McNAMEE, No. 2(10-1197.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST—Jan. 1, bet MM UNI 1:30 a. m., plain
gold watch, Waltham make, small dent In
side of case; valued as gift. Liberal reward
If finder will address box 3659, Call office.
.■ c
LOST—Lady's gold watch and chain and money
In red leather watchcaee. Liberal reward if
returned to 1150 Golden Gate aye.
«
LOST—From 2900 Pacific aye., a black cocker
spaniel answering to name ."Mingo." Re
ward given to party returning him.
LOST—White bull terrier pup; 6 months old;
liberal reward. California Stables, 1611
eCallfornla st.
LOST —Small Gordon setter bitch; answers to
"Deuce"; reward. T. A. DEERING, 802
Hayward building; tel. John 7751.
LOST—December 17. ring, 3 diamonds, set
flush; $75 reward. Andrews' Diamond Pal
ace, 221 Montgomery st. i
LOST—Fire badge. Iteturn 4066 Eighteenth
st.; reward.
LOST —Irish setter dog; answers to name of
Dlek. Return to 1869 Page st.; reward.
FOUND —Gold badge, headquarters Co. L, L.
C. C. Apply Baumgartner, 1046 Market st.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
St.: for pleasure and business: tel. Bush 534
MEDICAL.
LADIES who are in trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Francisco
who has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience without a failure has
put him at the head. He guarantees relief
or no pay.
• DR WHITE. 702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
every esse taken; immediate relief; no poi
soning drugs: low fees; my methods will cure
all cases of Irregularity; by consulting me
save time and money. Advice free. Office,
1018 Market st >
LADlES—Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor yet
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE
LIABLE graduate physician. When in trou
ble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best atten
tion and no danger; I guarantee prompt re
suits or no charge. Room 1. Est. 14 years.
DR. E. O. WEST, office 306 Kearny st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re
lief guaranteed. 1008 V. "Market st., opp. sth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for alFfemaie
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
ALL cases of female irregularities relieved at
once; guaranteed treatment, $10; 30 years
successful experience. DRS. GOODWIN, 850
Market st, opp. Fourth, room 37.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladies' specialist, removed
from 1118 Market to 838 Mission st.. near
Fourth; home in confinement; 25 years' expe
rience; best medical attention; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1226 Market.
DR ROSEN, residence 2996 Folsom st., corner
26th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—The Weekly Call
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per yearl
_ MATtUWIM A3fP WttQWI
TO order—renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet Cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1438-34 Howard st. phone South 210.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAAAA—A CONFIDENTIAL, and reputable
place to borrow money on the following/:
Salaries.
Life Insurance policies.
Chattel mortgage*.
Undivided interests.
Goods In bond.
Legacies.
Second and third mortgages.
Estates in probata
Life estates.
Rents.
Special department for loans to ladies on
their notes.
Private offices for ladles and gentlemen.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton St., near Market,
2d floor. Phone Bush 484.
AAAA—THE Portland Jewelry Co. will make
you very liberal loans on your diamonds,
sealskin or any valuables at the low rate of
two (2) per cent per month; If you do not
wish to call, phone us (phone Bush 484) and
the manager of our loan department will call
on you; all business strictly confidential
25 STOCKTON ST., NEAR MARKET."
Private offices at 21 Stockton et., 2d floor.
N. B. —The only loan of flee west of New
York that has a fire and burglar proof vault
on the presfflses; free use of same to all cus
tomers.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST *Vi AND 6 PER CENT
CITY, OAKLAND TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es
tates in probate, undivided interests in prop
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.: prone Main 5824.
AAA—HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided In
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
Ist, 2d or 3d
Mortgages, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur
• ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confid ntial and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
078 Market, tel. Main 1C44. Branch 1102
Market and 27 Third.
A—ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; nc
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
Ist or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 38 Geary, room 36.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments: large business In 46
principal cities. TPLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount Quickly on furniture or piano
without removal: other security: fairest
rates; strictly confidential; no commis. Na
tlonal Credit Co., 506 Doftohoe bid.. 8 Taylor.
MONEY to loan st low Interest; gold, sliver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
PRIVATE—Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee: no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan C 0..523 Parrott bid.*
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal:
no commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential 2C Montgomery, rm 21.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co., 420 California st., rooms 14 and 15.
SALARIED people on" note. 8. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 126-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.. 722 Mkt.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 811. Mutual Say. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds A Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndor«er MORRFT.L. W F-nmlner riMH'r?'
MISCELLANEOUS—FOR BALE.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK'
Have you a leaky tin. shingle, felt or iron
roof? Cover it with Mastic Roofing. It Is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about It. Elaterite Roofing Co.. 713 Market.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pump*.
pjlleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry - sold on
credit by paying one-fifth down, balance pay
ab'*» at your own convenience. Pacific Jew
elry Co., 21 Stockton st.. second floor.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN
TOSH A WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
A—BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
glnes. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pullers,
etc. WHITJSLAW. 263-256 Spear st
POB SALE—Con.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress?
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits J. COOPER
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel.)
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont
gomery st.,- room 12, upstairs.
ACETYLENE gas plant for sale, and I am go
ing to -jell it; you know the rest. J. E.
LEWIS, Ross, Marin Co., Cal.
A QQOD billiard table and one dozen fancy
tip cues at a bargain. 627 East Twelfth
st, Oakland.
HANDSOME new white fox stole, value $30.
accept $15. 376 Fifth aye., Richmond Dist.
FOR sale cheap—Alaska Icebox. 6x6; almost
new. Call 717 Larkin st.
SAFEB and cash registers; new and second
hand. I FREEMAN. 1328 Market st.
A VERY line sealskin coat for sale at a bar
gain at Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb. materlaL The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market
DESKS bought, sold snd exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission st.; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, safe, rental;
bargains. Bui lard A Brock. 131 Post st
SAFES—New and second-hand. THE HER
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
ROOMS papered, $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co., 319 Third; tel. Main 413.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
sll sires. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
TsfTMCBLLAJTEO'Tfyg WAJTPII.
AAAAA -Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast
off clothing. Tel. Davie 828. 660 Sacramento st
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER A CO.. r. 406, Adams
bldg . 206 Kearny St l phone Black 3036.
Hishest prices paid for ladles' and gents' cast
off clothing. Tilton, 184 9th; tel. Jessie 3916.
PAYS special price cast-off fancy ladies' dress
e#, gents' clothes. 922 Folson.; tel. Red 77.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A~bIjNCH~OF BARGAINS.
1 Haake $38; 1 Decker. $48; 1 Stoddard. $110;
1 Fischer. $125. I
ALSO
1 Sterling, 1 Stelnway. 1 Curtas, 1 Vose, 1
Weber 1 Haines, and many others. Easy pay
ments. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Far
rell st _
A GREAT opportunity—We are closing out
our >ntlre Seattle stock in S. F. at price*
never heard of before. all makes; your
terms are our terms; rents $2 up; allowed if
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235 237
Geary st. S. F.: Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
PARTY must sell large Stelnway upright: co»t
$700; price $285; will accept payments; no
reasonable cash offer refused 237 Geary st.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. $3
per month; one year's rental allowed If pur
chased. BCOTT-CURTAZ. 660 Hayes str.
$60 UPRIGHT: one $30 upright; one good
square. $20. HORNUNQ. 216 McAllister st
A SMALL Stelnway upright; cost $500; $IS6
iskes It 237 Oesry st.
FISCHER upright; cost $360; will sell for $96
237 Geary st.
ELEGANT uprlghts.new A 2d-hand.s4s to $500.
Pierce* Piano Factory. Market and 14th st*.
EOHMER. Byron Mausy pianos. Cecelian piano
pUyer. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
NEW upright pianos soid on $5 monthly pay
ments. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister it.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up: Chickering baby grand;
Shonineer, little used. KeeAVs. 256 O'Farrell.
OPPICEE AND STOBEB TO LEtT^
STORK to lease at 111 Ellis st. Apply at
barber shop,
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL—Office and residence.
1021 Vj Market st. bet. 6th and 7th; particu
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty
DR. BALL. 1073H Market st.
REMOVED—DR. WONG HIM herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st, now lo
cated st 667 Geary St., nesr Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor—All dis
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-9 Clay »t.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES in EAR«?
positively cured: new methods; one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham, ft Powell.
WANTED.
$1500 —PARTNER; fine business; $20fl~montlr :
light work, bona fide. Box 3000, Call office!
'" PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDlNA7~at
torney-at-law. C Hobart bldg . 532 Market st
PURCHASING AGENCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent: coun
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit
ed. 308 Larkin at, room 48; tel. South 318.
_PETOOHAIJI : jr.-rr.-rr-
" —R —F. — X—R J -A —D—l—O —'B—"'
HUMANIZED "RADIUM" TREATMENT.
• THOUSANDS" have been promptly, suc
cessfully treated for various alleged incur
able diseases, including over TWELVE
HUNDRED cases of TOTAL DEAFNESS.
Multitude of • testimonials." also REFER
ENCES to grateful patients Consultation
free; terms moderate. 1 Fourth st. (up
stairs), corner Market.
SPECIAL BETWEEN SEASON LOW RATES
this week for facial bautlfying; a face with
out a wrinkle with the contour and fresh
color of youth may be had through my
scientific treatment; consultation and book
let free. M. ELLA HARRIS. 128 Gee/y st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im
proves Its growth,stops, falling.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; st druggists'.hairdressers' ;ac
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
HAIR growers. Are you using the right one?
Best recipes and treatment for each kind of
All 25c. Box 14. Sheepranoh. Cal.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY estab.
1899 2122 Fillmore st.; phone Oeary 2063.
AT less-than cc*t: uncalled for suits, over
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS*,
London Tailor. "21 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 BO
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
MRS. DR. OWYER. 511 A Leavenworth st, bs
tween Geary and O Farrell. Tel. East 807.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 117 Mat.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS, 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed: electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton.36»_Sutter. Miss Baton. 233 Geary.r.M.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants. $2 BoT
Misfit Clothing Parlor, oor. Bush snd Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color. $1 at all druggists'.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—The Weekly CslL 
-16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
REAIi ESTATE—COUNTRY—For Sal*.
WHITE A BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE
INSURANCE.
17500—20 acres at Sunnyvale, Sunta Clara
County, 6 miles of Sao Jose; all in full bear
ing- prunes, peaches, almonds and cherries;
rich black loam; modern house, 7 rooms and
bath; hot and cold water; brick cellar; cement
floor; windplll; 3-story tankhouse; 2 flns
barns; complete drying plant; farming imple
ments; half cash; superb gentleman's boms
with large income.
$175 per acre—ln 10-acre lot*; on main county
road, 2 mile* ol Hay wards; rural delivery;
close to school.
$3500 —14 acres; 1 mile of Haywards; 7
acres rich valley loam; small house and barn;
fenced 3 fields; 50 cords ot wood; hay; half
cash.
S36oo—On main county road; 1 mils of sta
tion; Contra Costa County; hill farm; about
half under cultivation; 4 acres full bearing
orchard; fenced and cross fenced; 3 fields; 3
large reservoirs, supply house and outbuildings,
with choice water; 6-room cottage, bath, hot
and cold water; barn with basement; 8 poultry
yards, wire netting and houses; shop, milk
house; 2 Incubators, 3 brooders; place will
carry 20 cattle. 30 hogs, 2000 hens and 10u>
stands of bees; only $800 down, or would con
sider good exchange.
$2800—58 acres: only *2 miles of Soquel: 21
acres of best black sandy loam, suitable for
truck gardening; about 4 acres full bearing
orchard and vineyard; raises best corn and
potatoes in State; 6-room hard finished resi
dence; hot and cold water; barn, granary,
wagon shed, poultry-houses; abundant water;
only $800 down, easy terms; 400 cords of wood.
$3000—Foothill ranch, lflo acres; only 3
miles of Clayton, Contra Costa County; 80
acres plow land, balance pasture, family or
chard: house and barn.
$4750—160 acres, of which 90 are level; 140
under cultivation; near Clayton; new house, 5
rooms and basement; new barn, 36x40; poul
try-houses; fenced 4 fields; water piped to
buildings; family orchard; terms.
$1900 —Only 2 miles Santa Rosa; 5 acres
rich bottom land; neat 4-room cottage; good
barn; poultry-houses; buggy and harness;
poultry; farming tools.
$10.50o —Only iy» miles of Santa Rosa; 93
acres; on fine drive. 25 acres full bearing
French prunes and pears; 50 acres black grav
elly loam, adapted to walnuts; modern 9-room
residence; fine barn, holding 200 tons of hay;
carrlajce house, windmill and tank, corn
cribs, etc.
$600— Almost adjoins stores, P. O. and 6
miles of Anderson, lo auras: 6 acres bearing
peaches; cabin, 16x34; under irrigation ditch;
well fenced; poultry men, investigate quick.
J4OO down, 1 mile of R. R. town; 18 acres
level black loam; no buildings; well fenced;
13 acres full bearing pears and French prunes;
fine creek for poultry; price $2000, any term*.
$12,500—386 acres rich alluvial soil; 2 miles
of two thriving railroad towns and not lar
from Lodl, San Joaquin County; small almond
orchard; good house, 6 rooms, and house for
help; fine barn, holding 100 tons; wagon shed;
blacksmith shop; windmill, 5000-gallon tank;
fenced and cross-fenced; terms or exchange;
gilt-edge bay property.
$8500—On oiied drive; 1 mile of Llvermore;
40 acres healthy, lull bearing vineyard; about
6 acres fruit; plain dwelling; barn; good well
and windmill; 2 years' crop will pay for this
place.
13000—26 acres; 1 mils of Courthouse and
Huh School, 6 acres fine alfalfa; 10 acres
Bartlett pears and almonds; balance alfalfa
land; 2 weils; fully equipped pumping plant;
dwelling, barn, poultry-houses; drying plant;
half cash. _
$ssoo—Close to Napa City; 60 acres rich,
level land; 35 acres in orchard 12 years old;
good 8-room house; large barn, windmill and
tank; drying plant, poultry yards; horses, cat
tle; tanning tools; good furniture; fine income;
half cash.
}250o —26 acres, half rolling and balance
level' near Santa Rosa. 3 miles of Kenwood;
rich land; 2 acres orchard; vineyard; creek. 2
wells, nice cottage, 5 rooms; large barn;
tenced into 4 fields; 6 poultry-houses, large
wire netting yards, 150 laying hens; good
horse, 8 cattle; spring wagon, top buggy; 4
tons hay; easy terms.
$_95v—2 miles of Sonoma City; 10 acres level
saiden soli; bto adres bearing vines; 1 acre
iruit; good dwelling, barn, poultry-houses;
horse wagon, carts, plows, 3 sets harness,
tools, wine press, tanks and casks; furniture;
"l acres, close to Calistoga: adapted
to vines and trees; family orchard; cosy 6
room cottase; good bam: fine water.
.400 down —6 acres good land, with new.
hard finished cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
large brooder-house, 2 incubators, brooders, all
larrrini tools; near Petaluma; price $2000.
jisou—Only 1 mile of Haywards; 37 acres
fine land; 4 acres bearing orchard; modern
house. 6 rooms and bath; finest barn in county,
alone cost $4000; fine view; Is the best buy
in the vicinity.
LODI. LOUT.
We are subdividing a choice tract in 10-acre
lots- only'2Vi miles from town; surrounded by
modern homes and fine orchards and vineyards;
soil rich, black, sandy loam, 12 feet deep;
school on the tract; $76 per* acre: this will not
last over -30 days; first come, first served.
•1200—10 acres in vine and fruit beft, near
Lodl' sandy loam; 5-room house and barn.
Send stamp for the largest and most dlverol
fled printed list on the coast,
fled -< nm « a wHrrE A BAYLEY,
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st.. room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
$5000—80 ACRES of land, all under cultiva
tion with improvement*, in orchard section
of Sutter County; only three miles from
county -eat and on line of new irrigation
ditch.
A snap if taken soon, but will not keep.
M. J. NEWKOM,
408 Second St.. Marysviile. Cat
* Z_——'
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogue of the best land
bargains in California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
b4B Market st.
CONTRA COSTA County Real Estate fo«Vaals.
Send fcr list. D. J. WEBT, Martini, Cal.
BAH MATEO HEAL ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK. LOMITA PARK.
LOMITA PARK.
On the line of San Mateo electric cars; 45
mmutfs from Fifth and Market sts,
Sewer and water pipes laid.
Pure artesian water.
Lots $400 and Up.
Outside the fog belt.
$10 to $50 down and $10 per mouth.
Go down and investigate.
Maps sent on application. ,
SELBY. RODOERS A CO..
Main t!73. «« California rftV
Also at Lomlta Park.
For Additional Classified AdverUae
ments see Page Ken.
910
BEAD ESTATE—<^~^*i™-
G. U. L'MBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AU< "l li 1 N
AUCTION
Of Investment residence and unimproved prop
erties writ] be held Tuesday, January 10, 100 a.
at our salesroom, 20 Montgomery st., at i~
o'clock, noon.
CHOICE CORNER RESIDENCE.
231.*. California St.. SE. cor. of Middle st..
I t. Webster unu Fillmore sts.; a well built
and nicely finished residence of 0 rooms and
hath; basement containing 2 rooms: lot -ax
t.; .0.
CALIFORNIA STREET RESIDENCE.
2325 California St., bet. Laguna and Bu
i hanan sts.; a two-story residence of ten
tns and bath. In good order; lot 21x137:0;
a very choice residence soction.
PINE STREET RESIDENCE.
1009 Pine st., bet. Octavia and Laguna sts.,
desirable two-story residence of 9 rooms and
bath; key lot. 27:6x120.
SACRAMENTO STREET RESIDENCE.
34.1 Sacramento st., bet. Walnut and Laurel
st 3.; new residence of 9 rooms and bath;
modern in every respect; lot 28:0x100.
A. SACHS ESTATE.
Executrix Sale.
2114-2114% Baker St., east line, bet. Wash
ington and Jackson sts.; 2 flats of 8-6 rooms
■ bath each; rents $62 50 per mo.; lot 25x
100.
LAGUNA STREET INVESTMENT.
2014-2016 Laguna St.. east line, bet. Union
and Filbert sts.: improvements consist of a2
story dwelling of 8 rooms and bath, also cot
• tage of 4 rooms, and brick stable in rear; large
lot. 56x137 :t irr.
MISSION FLATS.
4030-4032 Army st., north line, bet. Sanches
end Noe sts.; 2 flats of 4 rooms and bath
each; rents $21; lot 26:8x114.
PARK BUILDING LOTS.
Oak St., south line, bet. Baker and Broderick
. sts.': 2 choice lots overlooking the park pan
handle, size 25x137:6 each.
CHOICE BUILDING LOT.
Alpine st.. west line. bet. Duboce aye. and
14th st.: choice lot, 25x90.
BAKTLETT STREET RESIDENCE.
431 Bartlett St., east line, bet. 25th and
26th sts.; a comfortable residence of 13 rooms
and bath, inlaid floors, etc.; nice lawn and
garden; stable in rear; lot 52:6x117:6.
GOLDEN GATE PARK EXTENSION
BOULEVARD.
• SW. cor. Point Lobos and 14th ayes.; ten
choice building lots fronting the boulevard
drive from Golden Gate Park to Presidio. |
n:aking this very choice residence property;
also cottage with barn, well, windmill, and
lot 25t>xl2u irr; rent, $25 per mo.
TERMS—OnIy one-third cash, balance can
remain at 6 per cent, payable in one or two
years. |
For catalogue and further particulars apply i
at cur office.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO..
20 Montgomery st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Do you realize that the growing city of San
Francisco has only a small area of
Ocean Beach?
Astounding prices will be obtained for lots
fronting the ocean in near future.
We offer the only graded lots fronting right
on boulevard, ceean and park.
1 I
$450 to $1000—Unobstructed ocean and park
view. Lots on easy terms. None like
them in this city. Selling rapidly at
our low prices and terms. Don't
miss this opportunity; see them
to-day.
$100 to $350—Near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
Get off car at our Oceanslde branch offlce on
corner H st. and 47th aye., open daily
and Sunday.
$300 to $1100 —Choicest Sunset and Richmond
lots. On installments.
$100 to $400 —Level Excelsior Homestead lots.
Near cars. $5 monthly.
to $3000 —Modern cottages in Sunset,
Richmond, OiVar.sirle and Mission;
easy terms.
SOL GETZ A SON, Owners and Dealers,
Room 51. fourth floor, Chronicle bldg.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots, Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table: on -grade:
close to fine school and Misslon-st. electric
cars; bound to double in value.
$400 each on installments of $10 per month;
no taxes; fine lots, near Ocean boulevard;
best residence location south of Golden Gate
Park; these are the cheapest lots In this dis
trict; advancing in price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st.. r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
$80,000.
CLOSE TO GEARY AND TAYLOR.
Nearly 70 ft. front by 137:6 ft. deep.
Has rear frontage.
Excellent site for Improvement and positive in
crease in value.
Present old Improvements pay $230 a month;
, could pay better.
THOMAS MAGEE St SONS,
6 MONTGOMERY ST.
$350 EACH; cheapest lots in the city: in the
best part of the Mission; sewer, gas and
water. Address, Owner, Box 3658, Call.
FOR sale—Two lots. Richmond; moderate;
must be sold. Room 309, 708 Market st.
GOOD work our motto: prices moderate. AHL
' BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
ALAMEDA ADVERT'ffMTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BUTTrIRS~&'BUHRi:NG, 468 Eleventh St.,
Oakland.
$2000 —New 4-room bungalow cottage; well
built; complete; large lot; sewer; side
walks; gas; between Telegraph and
Grove; easy walk to Key Route station;
$3CO down and $20 or more a month.
$550 —Large lot; 50x150; street sewered and
macadamiztd; walking distance to two
locals at Lorln, South Berkeley; close to
car line; $25 or more down and $5 and
Interest a month. We own these two
properties. See us at once.
BUTTERS & BUHRING,
4oH Eleventh St., Oakland.
FKLITVALE ADVERTCTS
FRUIT VALE REAL ESTATE.
CHAS.~V. LEE. ~~~Fhone Vale 296.
Offlce one-half block from Frultvale station. !
$200 cash—2-room cottage, unfinished; city
water; close to cars and school; on high
ground; beautiful view; lot 45 feet frontage;
price, all told, $450.
$1000 —New cottage of 3 rooms; stable; wagon
shed; chicken-houses and yards; graveled
walks; nice garden; beautiful lot. 2 frontages,
50x460; close to cars.
$1250 —Nice rustic cottage of 4 large rooms;
pantry, buttery; all sewered; chicken houses
and yards incloseii In wire fence; nice garden;
fruit trees and flowers in abundance; close to
street car and school; lot 35x201: nice creek
flows through property; large shade trees.
$1150 —Neat. 4-room, high-basement cottage;
all nicely fenced; good schools, churches and
postofflce close by; property 50x100. J
ONLY $200 cash— Beautiful home of 5 large
rooms; fine reception hall; bath, porcelain tub;
patent toilet; larg'- pantry; choice location; !
fine view; 2 car lines 1 block away; fine school
und church close by; price, all told, $2200; lot
60x123.
$:C50 —Beautiful 6-room bungalow, all ele I 
gantly paneled and decorated; handsome art
mantel; elegant bath; large; 2-story barn; caT
riage-houee; chicken-houses; over % acre of
ground; electric cars pass the door; nestles at
the base of the foothills; protected from the
high winds; close to the main county /boule
vard, which makes this very desirable prop
eray; grammar school and postofflce near by;
t- rms can be given with small cash payment
down: all Improvements brand new.
$600 cash—Beautiful home of 4 large rooms;
high basement: concrete foundation; fine well
of water: all set out in small fruits: will make
a fine chicken ranch; no cold fogg or heavy
winds; nestles at the base of the foothills;
street cars, school, church and postoflce close
by; .fine sandy soil; nearly 1 acre of ground;
price all told. $2000; THIS IS A-SNAP.
WILL SELL YOU A LOT AND BUILD
YOU A HOME ON EASY MONTHLY
PAYMENTS.
$75 lots in the beautiful Rosa Lee tract: fine
coll; grand view; new homes rapidly going up;
no cold winds or wet fogs, and lots only $75
each; $5 down, balance $2 50 per month.
CHAB. F. LEE. 1222 Frultvale aye.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'M'TS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND BEAL ESTATE.
WD have clients looking for investments In
Oakland property. If you have either houses
:ots- for sale call at our offlce or mall us
lu'.l description and price.
C. E. REED,
468 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
A SNAP—Choice lot, 110x125, SW. cor. 21st
and Myrtle sts.; will be sold us a whole or
In subdivisions: sold to settle an estate. 1463
Myrtle St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
, :
n.overs; we have the best warehouse in the
West (only covered vans used). IjON'T
MISTAKE THE NUMBER, 1016 Broadway,
Oakland; phone Main 907. i
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'M^TS
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOB SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni
ture. H. Schelhuas. 11th st.,cor.store.Oakland
• San Francisco Advertisem't's
. .
BOOMS FOB HOUSEKEEPING.
I nt'CHANAN. 031- Nice furnished rooms; also
| use of kitchen; reasonable.
i BUCHANAN. 1404—Three rooms furnished for
I housekeeping.
DOLORES, 984—2 or 8 furnished rooms for
housekeeping; basement; gas; cars pass door.
EDDY. 743 —Two sunny well furnished house
keeping rooms; gas range, yard, etc.
FELL 228—Nicely furnished suite housekeep
ing; central; $14; bath; gas range; adults.
FOURTH, 73—Two housekeeping. $10; unfur
nished, $S; electric lights; phone.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 631—Nice single rooms
for housekeeping. •
GEARY. 1226—Fine, sunny, bay-window suite;
all conveniences; nice marine view; also
other choice rooms; reasonable.
HARRISON 2408%, bet. 20th and 21st—2 sun
ny front rooms, with bath; gas range; gas
Included; $12.
! HOFF aye., 81, bet. Sixteenth and Seventeenth
! sts.—Nice Bunny room; light housekeeping.
HOWARD, 040— Front sun. suite.grate, 2 beds,
$3 60 wk.; hskpg.prlvate kltch.: no children.
HOWARD, 737%, Manila House—Sunny front
suite 2 rooms; coal stove.
; HOWARD, 822—One suite housekeeping; also
single.
HOWARD, 1703—2 sunny nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; gas range, bath, etc.
JACKSON, 1609, cor. Polk—New and nicely
furnished front housekeeping rooms, com
plete; marine view: $20.
JESSIE. 323—Large front parlor; gas range,
sink: $14 mo.; other rooms cheap.
KEARNY, 305—Nice front room, with fire
place; also hkpg. rooms, with gas and bath.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine-
Sunny furnished 3-rocm suites; steam heated,
electric lighted; free baths; rates reasonable.
LARKIN. 819%—Nice, large housekeeping
room; gas stove; bath.
LAFAYETTE, 16—2 furnished housekeeping
rccms, with bath; $13.
LIBERTY. 602—2 unfurnished sunny rooms for
light housekeeping, use of bath.
MARKET. 1735, near \ r aiencla—2 sunny side
rooms, with coal stove: $11.
MARTHA place, 2, off Geary, nr. Taylor—2
unfurnished rooms for housekeeping.
MASON, 406—Furnished rooms; also house
keeping.
MCALLISTER. 1953—Three sunny housekeep
ing rooms; bath and laundry; new flat; $16.
OAK. 117—Rooms, complete, housekeeping: $5
to $12: gas range: hot bath: adults.
OAK GROVE aye.. 19, bet. Fifth and Sixth—2
connecting rooms; gas; bath; laundry.
OCTAVIA. 1232—1 or 2 housekeeping rooms,
rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 820 —Housekeeping rooms, en
suite and single; sunny side; cheap; con
veniences.
PAGE, 278—2 housekeeping rooms; hot bath;
$14.
POLK, 1643. cor. Clay—2 nicely furnished sun
ny front rooms, $18; 2 back rooms, $12.
SOUTH PARK, 106—Housekeeping rooms.
STEVENSON, 256 —Single room. 81; front room
for tailor or florist; housekeeping; complete; I
$1 75.
TEHAMA, 426—Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; $8 up; single $5; suites $10.
THIRD. 622—Front sunny room, complete for
housekeeping; rent $7.
VALENCIA, 822—2 sunny furnished housekeep
ing rooms; electric lights; gas stove; $15.
MOSS. 13, oft Howard, near 7th —2 rooms, fur
nished complete for housekeeping.
A BRANCH offlce or The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements ana subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
BOOMS TO LET—Fare, and Unfurn.
ATKINS, corner Third st. and Park lane—New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water; electric lights; only flrst-class house
In locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
A—BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.—Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $6 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT ' The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.}—Rooms. 25c to 50c. $1, $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store; 2 en
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk—Electric
lights, running water In every room; 260
rooms; 25c to 50c per night: $1 25 to $3 week.
CALIFORNIA, 1264 —Nice sunny front room;
running water; large closet; nice location.
DE LONG aye., 156, Ashbury Heights—One
large alcove room, 3 windows; gae, bath and
tubs, also small room for cooking; rent $12.
EDDY, 871—Newly furnished rooms, suitable
for one or more gentlemen; reasonable; bath,
running water; phone East 1174.
EDDY. 1264 —A large, commodious room, suit-*
able-for two gentlemen; modern house; hot
baths; $8 per month.
GEARY, 878 —Large back room; 2 closets;
grate, etc.; $10 per month.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission—Rooms 350
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HOWARD, 716 —Furnished rooms, single or
double; central location.
LARKIN, 817% —Sunny corner room for light
housekeeping; reasonable.
MARKET, 917 —Furnished rooms.
MARKET, 993—Furnished rooms.
MARKET/1049 (The Falmouth) —Sunny rooms;
$2 50 to $7 week; baths; elevator; also hkpg.
McALLISTER, 14—Large, light, sunny rooms,
unfurnished; suitable housekeeping; reason
able; elevator.
METROPOLITAN Hotel, 129 Third St.—4oo
single and family rooms 36c to $1 60 per day,
$2 to $8 week; the only new and modern
hotel and »roomlng-house In San Francisco
that has offlce on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free baths and ele
vator service day and night to Its guests.
MINNA. 217—2 furnished rooms to let.
MISSION. 1066 —Nice sunny single room; 81 78
per week.
MISSION. 1639B —Nice large room for 8 men.
cheap; also front room; grate, bath; with
or without board.
MISSION, 1607. nr. Twelfth—Sunny single thr
nished front room, $5; other room; gas, bath.
OAK. 42, nr. Market—Nicely fur. sunny front
parlor, suitable for 2 ladles or married couple
O'FARRELL, 230—Nice sunny rooms, single
or double; house changed handa
POST, 610—Room to let.
POWELL. 222, nr. Geary.— Sonny housekeep
ing rooms and others; rent reas.; see them.
POWELL, 988—Furnished rooms.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis—lncandescent lights;
readllng-room, smoking-room and ladles' par
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SIXTH, 224—Nice furnished -rooms; reasonable;
good location.
STEVENSON, 276—Nice front room to let;
$2 week.
SAN JOSE aye., 267—Sunny front room, newly
furnished; private family.
TURK. 123—Clean, sunny furn. rooms, with
board; suite or single; housekeeping; $5 up.
VENDOME. 1104 Market—Furn. rooms, suite
or single; suites $5 week up. 15 Turk.
UNITED RTATEB. 123 Eddy, nr. Market—4oo
rooms 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room: elevator, read.-room; free bus, baggage.
VAN NESS aye.. 1008—Sunny rooms to let,
1 furnished or unfurnished.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St., nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus, baggage.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 190d\
BOOMS AND BOABD.
HOTEL L'AIGLON. 601 Geary St.—Large,
sunny rooms, board; suites, with board for 2,
$60 mo.; single, with board, $26 up; special
family rates; lust renovated.
GOLDEN GATE aye, 1031, nr Jefferson Park,
fur. front rms, bath; private house; good
board. $20. $22; 2 $32. $36 month.
LEAVENWORTH, 1023 —Sunny rooms with
board; reasonable: good home cooking; bath;
phone; central.
CALIFORNIA. 807—Bestv rooms, table and ser
vice in the city for the least money.
EXCELLENT home cooking, 84 per week;
with large sunny room, $5. 323 First st.
TABLE board. 816 Minna st.
COMORA (The), 621 O'Farrell—Quiet. homtJf;
rates, service, table satisfactory; billiards.
HAIGHT, 68, near Market—Handsomely fur
nished room, with good German board.
ROOM and board for lady or gentleman. 229
California aye.
SUNNY front rooms, with excellent board; rea
sonable. 1100 Franklin st.
CHEAPEST and best In America—The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
BOOMS AND BOABD WANTED.
WANTED—Room and board for 2 adults: state
rates and location. Box 8103, Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE following half-orphans have been ad
mitted Into the Nursery for Homeless Chil
dren: Jennie Campiau, 6 years; Lillle M.
Lowe, 6 years; Wilfred Janos, 11 years;
Gordon Dobson, 6 years. a
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco
Ladies' Protection and Relief Society will be
held at the home. Franklin and Geary sts.,
THURSDAY". January 12, 1005, at 2 p. m.
TO LEASE.
BUILDINGS TO LEASE.
A new 75-room lodging-house, within 6 mln.
utes' walk from Market st.; long lease: Al
proposition. SPECK St CO., 209 Montgomery.
BUILDINGS TO LEASE.
Apartment-house; 42 rooms with baths;
chokye location; rent $5 50 per room; best
proposition to-day. SPECK & CO.. 209 Mont
gomery st.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange, 686. California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. C 0..508 Market.
VIAVL
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free: write for It.
VIAVI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 252.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of The Hlbernla Savings and Loan
Society, cor. Market, McAllister and Jones
sts.—San Francisco. Dec. 28, 1904.—At a
regular meeting ot the board of directors of
this society, held this day, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one
half (3%) per cent per annum on all deposits
for the six months ending December 31,
1904, free from all taxes, and payable on
and after January 3, 1906. ROBERT J.
TOBIN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE:—Central Trust Company,
42 Montgomery street—For the six months
ending December 31, 1904. dividends have
been declared on the deposits in the savings
department of this company as follows: On
term deposits at the rate of 3 6-10 per cent
per annum, and on ordinary deposits at the
rate of it 1 * per cent per annum, free from
taxes and payable on and after Tuesday,
January 3, 1906.
H. BRUNNER Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice—fran Francisco and Subur
ban Home Building Society,. 6th floor, Mutual
Savings Bank building, 708 Market St., op
eielte Third st. —For the half-year ending
ecember 31, 1904, a dividend has been de
clared at the rate per annum ot ten (10) per
cent on capital stock and participating cer
tificates,, free from taxes* payable on and
after Monday January 2, 1905.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD, Manager.
J. M. DUKE. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice—California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts.—For the six months ending
December 31. 1904, dividends have been de
clared on the deposits In the savings depart
ment of this company as follows: On term
deposits, at the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per
annum, and on ordinary deposits at the rate
of 8 per cent per annum, free of taxes, and
payable on and after Tuesday, January 3,
1905. J. DALZELL BROWN, Manager.
DIVIDEND NOTICE: The Giant Powder
Company, Con. —A dividend. No. 73, of fifty
cents (60c) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay
able st the office of the company, room*
202. 204 and 206. Hay ward bldg.. Ban Fran
cisco, on Jan. 10 1905. Transfer books close
Jan. 3, 1905, at noon. C. C. QUINN, Sec.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE—ltalian American Bank,
corner Montgomery and Sacramento sts.—
For the half-year ending December 31, a
dividend has been declared at the rate of
3% per cent per annum on all savings de
posits, free of' taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday, January 3, 1906. A. SBARBORO.
President; A. E. SBARBORO, Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Savings Bank, now at 626 Market
street, opposite Palace Hotel, for the half
year, ending December 31, 1904, has declared
a dividend on deposits at the rats of three
and one-quarter (3%) per cent per annum,
free of taxes; payable on and after Tues
day, January 3, 1906.
W. E. PALMER, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice —Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery St.. corner of Sutter, has
declared a dividend for the term ending
December 31. 1904. at the rats of three and
one-quarter (3%) per cent per annum on all
deposits, free of taxes and payable on and
after January 2. 1908. CYRUS W. CAR
MANY. Cashier.
PROPOSALS.
MANUFACTURE of r
Quartermaster. 36 New Montgomery St., San
Francisco. <al., Jan. 4, 1905—Sealed propo
sals. In triplicate, subject to usual condi
tions, will be received "here until J.O o'clock
a. m.. Pacific standard time, on Friday,
January 20, 1905, and then opened, for manu
facturing 3600 pairs of dress trousers (the
Quartermaster Department furnishing the
materials), as per specifications to be seen
at this office. Further information and blank
proposals will be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals to be mark
ed: "Proposals for Trousers. No. 10,499,"
to be opened January 20. 1906, and ad
dressed to MAJOR C. A. DEVOL. Q. M..
U. S. A.. Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for box lockers—Offlce Depot
Quartermaster, 36 New Montgomery st., San
Francisco. Cal., Dec. 7, 1904 —Sealed pro
posals In triplicate, subject to usual condi
tions, will be received here until 10 o'clock
a. m., Friday. Jan. 6, 1906, and then opened,
for furnishing 5000 box lockers (more or less)
at the -San Francisco depot. The United
States reserves the right to accept or reject
any or all bids or any part thereof. In
formation and blank proposals will be fur
nished nn application. Envelopes containing
proposals to be marked, "Proposal for box
lockers, No. 9409," and addressed to MAJOR
C. A. DEVOL. Q *M.. U. 8. A.. Depot Quar
termaster.
SEALED proposals for furnishing armor for
naval vessels will be received at the Navy
Department until 12 o'clock noon, Thursday.
January 12, 1905, when they will be publicly
opened. Forms of proposals and all neces
sary Information may be.obtained from the
Chiet of the Bureau of Ordnance, Navy De
partment, Washington. D. C.
LEGAL NOTICES,
NOTICE. —Offlce of Insurance Commissioner,
State of California, San Francisco, December
—, 1904—T0 Whom It May Concern: Pur
suant to the requirements of section 696 of
the Political Code, notice Is hereby given
that the Ocean Accident & Guarantee Cor
poration, Limited, of London, has surren
dered Its certificate of authority previously
granted by this department, thus withdraw
ing from business in this State, and said
company Is no longer authorized to transact
business therein. E. MYRON WOLF, In
surance Commissioner.
NOTICE —Offlce of Insurance Commissioner,
State of California, San Francisco, December
—. 1904.—T0 whom it may concern: Pur
suant to the requirements of section 585 ot
the Political Code, notice Is hereby given
that the Firemen's Insurance Company of
Baltimore has withdrawn from business in
this State, and said company Is no longer
authorized to transact business therein. E.
MYRON WOLF, Insurance Commissioner.
NOTICE—Off'e of Insurance Commissioner,
State of California, San Francisco, December
—, 1904.—T0 whom it may concern: Pur
suant to th« requirements of section 585 of
the Political Code, notice is hereby given
that the Greenwich Insurance Company of
New York has surrendered its certificate of
authority previously granted by this depart
ment, thus withdrawing from business in
this State, and said company is no longer
authorized to transact business therein. E
MYRON WOLF, Insurance Commissioner.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Dec. 15. 1904.— To
whom It may concern: Be it hereby known
that the copartnership heretofore existing
between D. J. O'HARA and F. J. MONA
HAN, under the Arm name of MONAHAN,
O'HARA A CO., Is hereby dissolved. The
said D. J. O'HARA withdrawing from the
said concern and his name discontinued.
DANIEL J. O'HARA. F. J. MONAHAN.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
THE opportunity of a lifetime to buy the
best sewing machine in the world at little
price la now; the place Is the new retail
office of the White Co., 915 Market St.; all
shop-worn and used machines are being
closed out regardless of cost to manufacture;
sale now going on.
ALL makes; 2d-hand. $2, $5, 37, 89; new, $4. $8;
drop heads, 5-drawer, golden oak, $15; rented,
repaired: lowest rates. National Automatic
S. M. Co.. 145 Sixth st: tel. Jessie 3796.
DOMESTIC—The machine for family use': best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes
tlc offlce. 1021 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3, $5. $8; slightly
used $10, $15. $20: you know where the dolls
swing In the window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing gdaran
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission st.
A—EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725
-731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 10 Drumm st.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co., of
flce Post and Powell sts.: tel. Prtv. Ex. 87L
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERING AMD STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE system; 2 schools; 810 Diamond.
521 Franklin. Inquire 521 Franklin, 8 to 12.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: N
Ernest J. Mott, 89, city, and Bara M. Rob
inson, Zl, city.
William A. Pickering, 87, city, and Ro
dolphlna Henle, 27, 121 Powell street.
Mark R. Lamb, 31. 512 Van Ness avenue,
and Jessie P. Tibbetts, 28, Pittsburg, Pa.
Abraham Reinherts 27. 1435 O'Farrell St.,
and Mildred Mann. 20. 1416 California st.
Theodore May, 34, city, and Emma HIS, 34,
city.
Charles C. HUlers. 18, 210 Connecticut St.,
and Celeste E. Norble, 20, 409 Dolores ot.
Robert G. Cook 25, Healdsburg. and Amelia
E. Passelacquer, "25, Healdsburg.
Ernest G. Wood, 25, city, and Louisa Na
varat. 20. San Jose.
Lloyd A. Good, 22, 1637% Fulton street, and
Mary A. Nlgro, 22, 1633% Fulton street.
Chester G. Chlpchase. 21, Berkeley, and lons
B. Pennington, 18, city.
Augustus I. Simpson, 21, Niles, and Frances
M. Hurley, 18, city.
Wilhelm Eriksen, 27, 1990 Folsom street, and
Gertie Romer, 27, 1114 Florida street.
Henry Lachs 34, 441% Natoma street, and
Celia Gold water, 28, 441% Natoma street.
BIRTHS —MARRIAGES —DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and bs
Indorsed with the name and residence of per
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BORN.
KAUFMANN—In this city, January 2, 1906,
to the wife of Henry Kaufmann (formerly
Rose Harris), a daughter.
MAHOOD—In this city, December 23, 1904. to
the wife of William A. Mahood, a daughter.
DIED.
Ahem. Jeremiah—32 Rlbby. Mary—ss
Bailey, Margaret G. — Richardson, John —28
31 Richards. Owen W.—62
Barstow.Rachel M.—36 Root, James M.—Bl
Bent, Silas E.—74 Savllle, Wilfred—2l
Bronson, Elizabeth—66 Schachhuber,Caroline —
Campbell, Henry C. 68 /
Cipelli. Dr. Savino—s7 Smith, Butler—s4
Cleary. Thomas—7s Smith, May—2B
Cohn, Sadie Breslauer Stelmke. Dorathea—s4
Donovan. James 5.—24 Sullivan, Matthew
Hannon, Mary—39 Talbot, Mary A.—24
Howard, Thomas—36 Tardlf, William —82
Kearney, P. F.—53 Thorndlke, John—76
McFeeley, Bernard—7s Trudgett, Charles — 7
O'Nell, William—Bo months
Plngel. Richard—sl Vorrath. Thoa H.—66
Power, John—s2
AHERN —In this city, January 3, 1906, Jere
miah, beloved brother of James Ahem of
Port Costa, a native of Ballyllne, County
Kerry, Ireland, aged 32 years.
ICT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday) at 7 a m., from the parlors of
j. C. O'Connor ft Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Vincent's Church, Vailejo.
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, at 10 a. m. Interment
St. Vincent's Cemetery, Vailejo.
BAILEY—In Alameda, Cal., January 8, 1905.
Margaret Genevieve dearly beloved wife of
Louis F. Bailey of the City of Mexico,
loving daughter of P. H. and Anne C. Mc-
Donnell, and sister of Joseph, Flossie, Clar
ence and the late John W. McDonnell, a
native of San Francisco, aged 31 years 2
months and 18 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from her
late residence, 2136 Railroad avenue, Ala
meda, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. a re
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul. Interment St. Mary's
'Cemetery, Oakland.
BARSTOW—In Alameda. Cal., January 2,
1905, Rachel Mary Baretow, beloved wife of
F. E. Barstow, a native of Maine, aged 35
years 3 months and 13 days.
(Pr Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 p. m., from her late resi
dence, 1116 Chestnut street. Cremation
private.
BENT—In this city, January 2, 1905, Silas
E. Bent, a native of Nova Scotia,, aged 74
years.
(tyFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to fcttend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the
funeral parlors of the H. F: Maaas Co.,
917 Mission street. Interment private.
BRONSON—In Oakland, Cal., January 2, 1905.
Elizabeth, wife of the late Ai Bronson, and
beloved' mother of Mrs>. A. Cottle and Mra
H. Brldgeman of Oakland and V. C. Lathrop
of San Jose, a native of lUlrtols, aged 65
years 10 months and 26 days.
CAMPBELL—In Sausalito, Cal., January 8,
1905 Henry C. Campbell.
lEFFuneral services at Christ's Church*
Sausalito, on Thursday, January 6, at
10:30 a. m.
CIPELLI—In this city. January 8, 1905, Dr.
Savino Cipelli. beloved husband of Marie
Cipelli, a native of Italy, aged 57 years and
5 months.
CLEARY—In this city. January 3. 1905, at
his residence, 1024 Howard street, Thomas,
beloved husband of Bridget Cleary, a native
of County Cork, Ireland, aged 75 years.
COHN—In Los Angeles, Cal.. January 2, 1905,
Sadie Breslauer Cohn, beloved wife of Isi
dor Cohn, and beloved sister of Mrs. Jake
Cohn of Susanville, Mrs. Julius Slegle, Mrs.
Henry Zellerbach and Julie Breslauer, a
native of San Francisco.
CFFuneral and-interment private.
DONOVAN—In this city, January 3, 1905,
James Stephen, beloved son of Joseph and
Mary Donovan, and loving brother of Mary,
Timothy J., Ellen, Annie and the late Dan
iel, Joseph and Elizabeth Donovan, a native
of County Cork, Ireland, aged 24 years and
8 days. A member of Carpenters Union,
No 22. _,
(C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:15 a. m., from the residence
of his parents. 2783 Bryant avenue, thence
to St. Peter's Church, Alabama street, near
Twenty-fourth, where a requiem mass will
" be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com
mencing at 9:45 a. m. Interment private,
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HANNON—In the City and County Hospital,
January 2, 1905, Mary Hannon, a native of
England, aged 89 years.
HOWARD —In this city, January 2, 1906,
Thomas Howard, brother of Martin and Pat
rick Howard and Mrs. H. McCarren, and
cousin of Mrs. M. C. McGrath and Mrs. M.
Murphy, a native of County Clare. Ireland,
aged 36 yesjfs.
(CFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the
parlors of J. C. O'Connor ft Co.. 767 Mis
sion street, thence to St. Rose's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele
brated for the repose of his soul, at 9 o'clock
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KEARNEY—In this city, January 2, 1906,
P. F. Kearney, beloved husband of the late
Mary J. Kearney, father of May. Annie,
Francis and Gertrude Kearney and Mrs.
Fred Dahuken Jr., and brother of Mrs. J.
Beardsley, Mrs. Joseph Doran and Michael
F. Kearney of Halifax, Nova Scotia, a na
tive of County Waterford, Ireland, aged 53
years and 11 months. (Halifax, Nova Scotia,
papers please copy.) •
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m., from his late
residence, 54 Fair Oaks street, near Twenty
second, thence to St. James Church, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
NOW at S6B MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth Vnd Fifth, near" Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates,
brated for the repose of hie soul, at 0 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross i Cemetery.
McFEELEY—In this, city, January 1. 1906,
Bernard, beloved husband of Bridget Mc-
Feeley, and loving father of James, Daniel.
Ben. Edward and Mamie McFeeley and Mrs.
Joseph W. Cooney, and grandfather of Ber
nard J. McFeeley, a native of Donegal. Ire
land, aged 75 years. (Boston and Philadel
phia papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late
residence, 672 Greenwich street, thence to
St. Francis Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
lat 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross j
Cemetery.
O"NEIL—In El Paso, Texas. December 26, j
1905, William O'Nell, eon of Cornelius and
the late Mary O'Nell. and brother of Mrs.
E. S. CiDrico. Mrs. George Rose and Etta :
O'Nell, a native of Santa Cruz, Cal.. aged
30 years. (Santa Cruz papers please copy.)
PING EL—ln the City and County Hospital,
January 3, 1906. Richard Plngel. a native of
Germany, aged 61 years.
POWER—In the City and County Hospital.
January 3, 1906, John Power a native of
Ireland, aged 52 years.
RIBBY—In this city, January 2, 1905, Mary,
beloved wife of the late James Rlbby. and
beloved mother of Mrs. E. Smith, a native
of County Wexford, Ireland, aged 66 years
4 months and 20 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:15 a. m., from the parlors
of McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green, 1171 Mis
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Peter's Church, where a re
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, at 9 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
RICHARDSON—In this city. January 1. 1906,
John Richardson, beloved son of Emma and
the late John Richardson, and brother of
Mrs. Mattle Schmidt and Mrs. Fred Staud
of Watsonville. a native of California, aged
23 years 8 months and 18 days.
Cy The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), from the mortuary chapel of
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475
Mission street, near Twenty-first, at 1 p. m.,
thence by electric funeral car from corner of
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 1:30
p. m. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
RICHARDS—In this city, January 2, 1905.
Owen W. Richards, beloved brother of Wil
liam Richards and Mrs. John Band, and
uncle of William P. Doyle and Mrs. A. W.
Slsson, a native of Ireland, aged 62 years.
ffyFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of McFadden. Mcßrearty A Green. 1171 Mis
sion street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, at 10 a. m. In—
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROOT —In this city, January 2, 1906, James
M., beloved husband of Emily M. Root, and
father of Mrs. John York of Stockton, and
Leilla A., Alice M.. Ellis J., Gilbert W. and
Dr. C. B. Root, a native of Vermont, aged
81 years 5 months and 28 days.
ICXFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the
chapel at I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BAVILLE—In Oakland, Cal., January 8. 1905.
Wilfred, beloved son of Walter and Sarah
Baville, and brother of Mrs. M. Bhaw, Mrs.
P. Rauch, Mrs. E. Champion, Mrs. A. Noy,
Mrs. C. Earl and Annie and Li 1 lie Savllle, I
a native of England, aged 21 years 4 months j
and 20 days.
SCHACHHUBER—In this city. January 1.
1808, Caroline, beloved wife of the late John
Schachhuber and loving mother of Mrs. j
Otto Schmidt. Mrs. Andrew E. Brown. Mrs I
James P. Mallon and the late John Schach- |
huber Jr., a native of Vienna, Austria, aged
68 years 1 month and 9 days. A member of
the Christllche Mutter Vereln.
C 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect -
" fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:45 a. m., from the resi
dence of her daughter, Mrs. James P. Mal
lon, 1122 Vermont street, corner Twenty
third, thence to St. Anthony's Church, Army
street, near Folsom, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9:30 a. m. Inter
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMITH —In this city, January 2, 1905, Butler,
beloved husband of Emily May Smith (nee
Bovyer) and father of Genevieve and Ran
dolph Smith, a native of Ohio, aged 54 years
and 9 months. j
CFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from his
late residence, 701 Broderlck street. Inter
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 a. m.
train from Third and Townsend streets.
SMITH—In this city. January 2, 1905, May
Smith, beloved wife of Lawrence Smith, and
mother of Willis. Lawrence and Irene Smith,
a native of San Francisco, aged 28 years.
STElMKE—Entered Into rest, in this city,
January 1, 1906 Dorathea. beloved wife of
Frederick Stelmke, and devoted mother of I
Mrs. Sydney Vernon and John H. and Sophie
Stelmke, a native of Germany, aged 64 years.
A member of St. Markus Frauen Verein.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 11 a. m., from her late resi
dence, 2766 Octavla street, corner Union. In
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SULLIVAN—In this city. January 2, 1908,
Matthew, beloved husband of Mary E. Sul
livan, father of Frank, May and Clarence
Sullivan, and brother of Mrs. P. Banworth I
and Mrs. M. McCoy, a native of Connecticut i
A member of Unity Lodge No. 27, A. O.
U. W.
f£yFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day 1
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from his
late residence, 1112 Tennessee street, thence
to St. Teresa's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Court Live Oak No. 67, F. of A., requests
Its members to attend the funeral of our late
brother, Matthew Sullivan, to-day (Wednes
f day), at 9 a. m., from his late residence,
1112 Tennessee st. By order
W. JURGENS, C. R.
M. C. MAHONEY, F. S.
Members of Young Men's Institute No. 74
are requested to attend the funeral of our
late brother. Matt Sullivan. By order
JAMES GLACKAN, President.
TALBOT—In this city, January 2, 1905, Mary
A., beloved wife of Joseph Talbot, mother of
Frank F. and Joseph C. Talbot, daughter of
Catherine Johensen and the late Alexander
Sweeney, sister of Mrs. E. O'Connor and
Lizzie Murphy, and niece of Sister Mary
Immaculate John, Patrick, Martin, James
and Nellie Dempsey and Mrs. P. Lannen, a
native of San Francisco, aged 24 years 7
months and 7 days.
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 a. m., from her late
residence, 664 Howard street, thence to Bt.
Patrick's Church tor services at 10 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TARDIF —In this city, January 2, 1905, Wil
liam Tardlf, a native of England, aged 82
years 6 months and 13 days.
THORNDIKE—In the City and County Hos
pital, January 3 1905, John Thorndike.- a
native of New Hampshire, aged 75 years.
TRUDGETT—In Oakland. Cal., January 3,
1906, Charles, dearly beloved child of Wil
liam John and Elnora Trudgett. a native of
Fulton, Cal., aged' 7 months and 6 days.
VORRATH—In this city. January 1. 1906 at
his residence. 241 Twelfth street, after a Jong
and painful illness, Thomas H., dearly be
loved husband of Sophie L. Vorratb and be.
loved father of Mrs. Annie White, Mrs.
Sophie Buttelraann. Mrs, Clara Juel Mrs.
Bertha Spo:swood and Ernest, William.
Albert. Walter and Henry Vorrath. and
brother of Diederich and the late A. H.
Vorrath. a native of Heide. Holstein Ger
many, aged 66 years 7 months and 17" days.
A member of Harmony Lodge No. 13, I. O.
Q. F.. and Vereln Elntracht.
JCFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day '
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from Odd I
Fellows' Hall, corner Seventh and Market
streets, where services will be held under ;
the auspices of Harmony Lodge No. 13. I. O.
O. F. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Second Officer Drowned.
Charles Lagert, second officer of
the schooner Columbia, which arrived
in port yesterday from Ballard, was
drowned last Sunday in the waters of
the Pacific.
Lagert was on deck and a heavy
sea was running; suddenly the mizzen
gaff downhaul struck Lagert on •the
head, knocking him overboard. Every
possible effort was made by the crew
to save him, but he disappeared under
the waves. It is supposed that the
force of the blow rendered him un
conscious, from the sudden way in
which he disappeared. Lagert was 35
years old and a native of Finland.
Peyton Gets His Money.
The DuPont powder people yester
day paid W. C. Peyfcpn 110,000 for cer
tain stocks he had bid in at a recent
sale. Though the DuPonts once
thought Peyton had bought it unfairly,
h* explained that his bid was merely
to hold up the the stock. He
says he bought the Stock and deposited
it with the California Safe Deposit and
Trust Company wjfth the understand
ing that he would turn it over at any
time when repaid by the DuPont
folks.
MACK ORDER SET ASIDE. —Judge Coffey
yesterday set aside his recent order for a dis
tribution of 8750,000 to the four children of
William Mack, the late Paris shipping mer
chant. Attorney Alfred Sutro appeared in
court for E. S. Pillsbury, who represented
Mack's widow during her lifetime. Pillsbury
contended that he should have been notified of
the application for distribution. The notice
had not been given and the order had been
made before he knew that it had been pending.
Attorney P. A. Bergerot, representing the
heirs, contended that Pillsbury's power of at
torney had ended with the widow's death.
BANCROFT GOES TO MEET
DIRECTOR KRUTTSCHNITT
George Idppman Surprises Friends by
Resigning His Position With
Southern Paciiie.
The- many friends of Geoflge W.
liippman, city passenger agent of the
Southern Pacific Company, were
greatly surprised yesterday when the
announcement was made that he had
resigned his position with the com
pany. His resignation took effect yes
terday and he Immediately entered the
employ of the Union Oil Company.
Llppman has been connected with the
Southern Pacific Company for many
years and is regarded as one of the
most popular passenger agents in, the
local railroad world and among the
business men of the city.
A pleasing bit of information
reached the local offices of the South
ern Pacific Company -yesterday in the
shape of a circular from the offices of
the Harriman lines in Chicago an
nouncing the promotion of F. E. Bat
turs to the position of general passerß
ger agent of the Atlantic system of
the company, with headquarters in
New Orleans. It is only twelve
months ago that Batturs. then chief
clerk to Assistant General Passenger
Agent Donaldson in .this city, was pro
moted to the position of assistant gen
eral passenger agent of the Atlantic
system, under Colonel T. J. Anderson.
According to the circular received
here yesterday Batturs now takes
rank .with Colonel Anderson, with
headquarters in New Orleans. Not
only 'is he vested with authority
in passenger traffic matters over what
is known as the Louisiana lines, but
he is also given the powers formerly
vested in Traffic Manager W. H. Mas
ters, which means that Batturs will
direct the passenger traffic affairs of
the Harriman steamship lines running
out of New Orleans.
Another well-known passenger man
also retired from the Southern Pacific
Company yesterday in the person of
Traveling Passenger Agent W. H.
Wood of Sacramento, who has ac
cepted a position with a local wine
association. His place will be filled
by William Rodebaugh, who Is at
present employed in the company's
ticket office.
Acting General Manager Bancroft
of the Southern Pacific Company de
parted yesterday for Los Angeles,
where he will meet Julius Krutt-
Bchnitt, director of maintenance and
operations of the Harriman lines, who
is due there to-day. It is generally
expected that upon Director Krutt
schnitt's arrival in this city the latter
part of this week, the anxiety of the
Southern Pacific Company's officials
regarding the future management of
the road will be relieved by some
announcement from the head of the
operating department of the Harriman
lines.
S. F. Booth, general agent of the
passenger department, and C. Clifford,
general agent of the- freight depart
ment of the Union Pacific, have gone
to Los Angeles on a business trip.
Manager Agler of the Southern
Pacific Company left yesterday for
Ogden on a tour of inspection.
AGED WOMAN IS VICTIM
OF GAS ASPHYXIATION
Mrs. Fanny Heuck is Found Dead a 1
Her Home, 716 Franklin Street,
by Neighbor.
Mrs. Fanny Heuck, aged 80 years,
was found in her home at 716 Frank
lin street last night dead from gas
asphyxiation.
The old woman lived alone and yes
terday Maud Feat, a young woman
who lives next door, noticed that the
groceries and milk belonging to Mrs.
Heuck remained on the doorstep until
a late hour. Miss Feat knocked at the
door but received no response. She
then notified a son-in-law of the dead
woman and he tried to gain entrance
to the house, but the doors were
locked. The odor of gas was theji de
tected.
The police were notified and Detec
tive Taylor was detailed on the case.
Taylor was compelled to break in two
doors before he could get into the room.
Mrs. Heuck was lying on a bed. Two
of the gas burners in the room were
turned on. The house was filled with
fumes of the deadly monoxide. The
window was half way down from the
top. It is thought that Mrs. Heuck
left the two Jets burning and they were
accidentally blown out.
The dead woman owned consider
able property in the neighborhood.
PERSONAL.
J. T. Harris Jr. of San Jose is at the
Lick.
Rev. Richard Wylie of Napa is at the
St. Francis.
Milton M. Detch, a Goldfleld mining
man, is at the Palace.
T. B. Rickey, a capitalist of Carson
City, is at the Palace.
M. T. Carkeek, a business man of
Sbnora, is at the Lick
Mr. and Mrs. John Bradbury of Los
Angeles are at the St. Francis.
Attorney N. A." Sleep of Stockton ar
rived at the Grand yesterday.
W. A. Hildreth, a business man of
Stockton, is "staying at the Grand.
Myram Hunt, a well known architect
of Los Angeles, is at the St. Francis.
Colonel E. A. Forbes, one of Marys
ville's prominent attorneys, is at the
Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. B. "W. Ripley, promi
nent residents of Chicago, are at the
Palace.
C. Heyn and wife of Mazatlan, Mex.,
are among the latest arrivals at the
Occidental. t
Ellv/ood Cooper, one of the leading
olive growers of Southern California,
is at the Lick.
L. J. Rose, an Oxnard capitalist and
fruitgrower, and his two sons are regis
tered et the Palace.
W. A. Clark Jr., son of United States
Senator Clark of Montana, is at the
Palace, having arrived from Butte yes
terday.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the St.
Francis was J. W. Rocklidge, a prom
inent insurance man of Salt Lake City,
and his family.
H. B. Ramsdell, well known local
merchant and one of the active mem
bers of the Olympic Club, has departed
on a trip to Europe.
Thomas Magee Jr., a member of the
well known local real estate firm, and
his wife returned yesterday from a trip
abroad and are registered at the Pal
ace.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Jar/. 3.—The fol
lowing Califovnians arrived in Wash
ington to-day: ,
At the New Willard—James W.
Lachlan of Pasadena, Frank B. Jor
dan of San Francisco.
Boy Crushed to Death.
Frank Strano, a boy 13 years old,
while playing-around the freight cars
yesterday in the Santa F6 yards, was
crushed to death between a car and
rs truck. The cat was backing i/p
and the truck was being driven beside
it. Strano ran in between ihj two
and was caught. He died at the
Emergency Hospital at 11 o'clock last
night. The boy had lived at -Mi'S.
Mason street. Alfred Witt, the driver
of the truck, was arrested, but was
released on furnishing bail.
AUCTION SALES
Special Auction Sale of City's Horses
WELNESDAV, January 4, at 11 a. m., AR
CADE HORSE MARKET. 327 Sixth st. I
will Bell a lot of City Horses used in Various
Departments of City; also 00 good young
Horses from country. Must be sold without re
serve or limit.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TUESDAY. JANUARY 3.
James M. Plmentel to Warren Dibble, lot
on E line of Gough street, ID N of Greenwich,
NE 79:3% NW 137:9%, E 50.0%, N 31. W
81, S 197:U, quitclaim deed; $30.
Andrew J. and Margaret Donovan to Louis
Zeh. lot on N line of Jackson street. 107:6
E of First avenue. N to Presidio, E to lands
described In 2089 D. 34, SW to beginning (be
ing intention to convey first partiea" Interest
lying E of line 137:0 E of First avenue);, $10.
Cranch and Vernon Thompson to John and
Atnie Kelly, lot on E line of Alabama street,
78 N of Twenty-fifth, N 26 by E 75; 310.
Sophie C. Buhne to George W. and Annie F.
Robie. lot on N line of Twenty-seventh street.
110 E of Dolores, E 25 by N 114; $10.
Estate of Maurice Cavanagh or Kavanagh
(by Robert P. Kavanagh, administrator) to
Thomas Holland, lot on N line of Day street,
80 E of Church, E 26:10% by N 114; 83500.
Estate of Elizabeth Cavanagh or Kavanagh
(by Robert P. Kavanagh, administrator) to
same; 83500.
Estate of Robert J. White (minor, by Terry
McManus, guardian) to same, same; $2625.
Same to Henry and Anna Thlenel, lot on
N line of Day street, 106:10% E of Church.
E 25:9% by N 114; $2625.
Estate of Maurice Cavanagh or Kavanagh
(by Robert J. Kavanagh, administrator) to
same, same; $2500.
Estate of Elizabeth Cavanagh or Kavanagh
(by Robert J.a Kavanagh, administrator) tA
same, same: *2300.
F. A. and Thankful P. Plaffcted to M. Ueo
vleh. lot on W line of Vlcksburg street. 204
S of Twenty-second S 2S by W 100; $10.
Martin Hanson to Robert C. Rothi. lot on W
line of Fountain street 103:4 6 of Twenty
fourth, S 30 by W 125; $"10.
Mary McQuarrle and Carrie E. Sheehan ta
Moses Fisher lot on N line of CXFarrell street,
247:6 W of Mason, w 27:6 by N 137:6; $10.
William and Mary E. Tracy to Mary L Ed
mondson (Holmtjerg). Anna B. Hoi in berg and
Esima Sims (Holmberg), first conveys all land
lying E and second party conveys all land
lying W of lot on N line of Post street, 39:6
E of Agate alley Is' 60 to Lewis, subject to
easement of buildings now standing; 8 .
Thomas and Kate E. Lundy to William Cre
ger. lot on NE corner of Post and Jones
streets, E 40 by N 60: $10.
John L. Davidson and E. A. Leigh and Da
vidson & Leigh to Helena A. Bchlesinger. lot
on S corner of Fifth and Folsom streets, SW
75 by SE 90. quitciaim deed: $10.
Aaron Abrahams to Morris Meyerfeld Jr.,
lot on S corner of Folsom street and Harrison
avenue. SW 25 by SB 90; $10.
Owen McGlllicuddy to Margaret McGUli
cuddy. lot on NW line of Howard street, 50
SW of Eighth. SW 25 by NW 90; gift.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Detler Hopp, lot on E line of Ver
mont street. 100 S of Twenty-third, S 25 by 9
100; $10.
Estate of Adolph Sutro (by Emma L. Mer
rltt. executrix) to/Thekay H. Kleinclaus. lot
on W line of Forty-eighth avenue, 412:6 S of
0 street. S 25 by W 132.27 NW 25.03, B
133.54; $976.
Frank Croghan to Joseph Holl, lot on NW
line of Preclta avenue, 736:9% E of Mission
street. E 25.77. N 112:9, W 25:4. S 123:8,
Preclta Valley 85 and 88; $1000.
Carl B. and Franzlska Bauer to Charles H.
Rick, lot on S line of Thrift street. 100 W of
Plymouth. W 50 by 8 125. block V, Railroad
Homestead; $10.
Juli» C. Reis to Daniel Sips, lots 3 and 4,
block 34, Reis Tract; grant.
J. T. Bloomfleld to John C. Ehret. lot 18,
block 366. South San Francisco Homestead;
$10.
A. 8. and Nellie A. Groth to J. T. Bloom
field, .lots 12 and 13, San Miguel Homestead
Association; also lot 2, block 308. Pleasant
View Homestead Association; also lot 16, block
366, South San Francisco Homestead and Rail
road Association; also lots 9. 11 and 46, block
51. City Land Association: $10.
Julius C. Reis to Sarah E. Bailey, lot 32,
block 3. Reis Tract; grant.
Estate of Fannie P. Karnsworth (by Lotta
P. Farnsworth, executrix) to Perclval Tom
linson. lot 26, block D, Sunset Heights; $625.
Lotta P. Farnsworth to same, same; $625.
John E. Schmld to Frank Schmid, lot on N
line of Caselll avenue. 125 W of Clover street.
N 100, E 25. N 21. W 50. S 121. E 25, block
2 Pioche and Robinson subdivision; $10.
Continental Building and Loan Association
to Timothy M. and Margaret Cronin, 43
and 44. block 19. Lskevlew; $10.
Estate of J. P. or John P. or John Croks
(by Charles J. McCollum and James Gartlan,
executors) to Mary and G. Fritz Munk, lot
on NW corner of Telegraph road and Norton
street. W 100 by N 50; $1500.
Eintracht S. and B. Vereln to Charles Win
ters, lots 24 and 25, Jones' Addition to Fair
mount Tract; $10.
Christian and Sofle Lehmann to William
Patterson, lot 13, block 3. Spreckels sub
divisions blocks A, B and D, Park Hill Home
stead Association No. 2: $10
Builders' Contracts.
F. H. Wulzen (owner) with William Tegeler
(contractor), architect—All work for two
three-story frame buildings (six fiats) on SW
corner of Twenty-third and Guerrero streets, 8
90. W 110, N 90, E 105:6: $32,850."
O. F. yon Rheln (owneV) with Judson Manu
facturing Company (contractors), architect C.
A. Meupsdorffer—Steel and Iron work for a
seven-fitory and basement brick building on
N line of Turk street, E4B W of Taylor, W
27:6 by N 137:6; $1700, [ '
Mrs. Henrietta N. Hobhs (owner) with C. U
Parent (contractor), arohltect T. Paterson Rosa
—All work for a two-story frame building on
NE comer of Devisadero and Fourteenth
streets: $9236.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, January 8.
Schr Sailor Boy, Olsen, 10 days from Gray*
Harbor.
Br stmr Crusader, Brown, 26 days from
Moll.
Stmr Fulton, Panzer. 86 hours from Areata.
SAILED.
Tuesday, January 8.
Btmr Del Norte. Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Olpsy, Leland, Monterey.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN—l2 MIDNIGHT.
Schr* Ida McKay, O. M. Kellogg and C R.
Wilson.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA —Arrived Jan 3—Stmr Alliance,
from Eureka and Coos Bay.
Sailed Jan B—Stmr Rosecrans, for San Fran
cisco.
A BERDEEN—Arrived Jan B—Stmr Cascade,
stmr Newburg- and stmr G. C. Llndauer, henca
Dec 31.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK—Arrived Jan B—Stmr Xvarnla,
from Liverpool.
Sailed Jan 3—Stmr Kaiser Wllhelm de*
Grosse. for Bremen: stmr Pannonla, for Na
ples, etc.; stmr Cevlc, for Liverpool.
GLASGOW —Arrived Jan 2—Stmr Mongo
lian, from New York.
LlSßON—Sailed Dec 29—Stmr Arlon, for
British Columbia.
HAMBURG—SaiIed Dec 31—Stmr Rameses,
for Seattle.
DOVER—Arrived Jan 3—Stmr Kroonland.
from New York for Antwerp, and proceeded.
BOULOGNE—SaiIed Jan 2—Stmr Blucher,
from Hamburg and Dover, for New York.
LIVERPOOL—SaiIed Jan 3—Stmr Saxonia,
for Boston, via Queenstown.
Memoranda.
TACOMA, Jan. 3.—Stmr Tacoma, which
sailed from here to-day for Shanghai, with
a full cargo. Is aground near West Point
Lighthouse, north of this city.
SOUTHAMPTON, Jan. 3.—The reported
sailing Dec. 31 of the stmr Marquette, for
New York, was an error.
Fails to Trick Messenger.
Charles Eisley, a young man, 'over
heard a jeweler giving instructions to
a messenger 'boy to deliver a diamond
pin to a woman living on Geary street.
Eisley hastened to the place and whe.i
the messenger arrived there to deliver
the pin Eisley was on hand to receive
it. The messenger became suspicious
and notified Policeman Jordan. Eis
ley was arrested and at the City Pris
on was registered on the detinue book.
Bishop Hamilton Will Speak.
Bishop J. W. Hamilton will speak
at the California-street Methodist
Church this evening. Twenty-five
young men of the Men's League from
various churches will be present and
assist in the services.
MRS. (JORDAN APPEALS.—PauIine Ger
dan. formerly Pauline Levy, the widow of the
late Henry Levy, yesterday gave notice of an
appeal front the decree of final distribution of
Lev#'s estate and the settlement of the final
account of the admlnlstiators. Most of Levy's
fortune went to his ten children and she con
tested the will on the ground that the father
had been unduly influenced by them. The es
tate was wcrth about $10,000.
BANKRUPT RAILROAD MAN.—John C.
Brown of Broderick, a Southern Pacific Cotn
punv employe, filed a petition in insolvency
yesterday in the United States District Court.
He owes $853 and has no assetsFIVE FAVORITES DISAPPOINT AN ARMY OF BACKERS
HORATIUS A NOSE BEFORE FRECKMAN
Close Finish in Closing Event at
the Oakland Track.
Hainault of All the Favorites, Is
the Only One to Land.
Horatius. ■ which was pronounced
blind and a r.seless piece of racing
hardware at Kansas City last fall,
snapped the last race on the card at
Oakland yesterday in a nose finish
with the favorite, Freckman. Mieh
aeis, who rode Judge so poorly on Mon
day, piloted Horatius, and did 'it
.veil. "Big Bill" Knapp took care of
Freckman, and no fault could be
Cannd with his work. Horatius was
an unknown quantity, it being his
first appearance this season, and 5 and
t; to 1 could be had in the market place
about him.
Tne odds about Freckman were back
ed down to 9 to 10, while Major Mansir
and Veterans had quite a following as
Veil. Horatius had all kinds of speed,
racing out In front with the first
choice. Knapp could not shake off
the blind horse, and Horatius received
a nose verdict. Major Mansir came
with a rush at the close, and was
beater, less than a length.
The track was slow, and the rheu
matics and cripples ran to their best
notch. Hainault was the only winning
public choice.
FAVORITE RUNS THIRD.
There were eleven starters in the
opening sprint, with old Frank Pearce
ruling a slight favorite over Haven
Run, Kaiabfl and Batidor. He finished
third. Willie Harris' Haven Run start
ed off with a flashy turn of speed, but
when c hallenged in the stretch by Box
•Bolder with Bell up, weakened and lost
by a neck. Aibonita, a well backed
one, tired early in the game.
Had the track been made to order
it could not have suited Barrack bet
ter. The aged campaigner was as
good as 5 to 1 in the betting on the
mile and fifty yeard selling affair, for
which Rowena had a pronounced call
in the ring. During the early part of
the running, the favorite had it all her
own way. The last eighth though
caught her backing up perceptibly and
Barrack, closing very strong under the
vigorous handling of Bullman, won
easily by a neck. Glenarvon, a 25 to
1 shot, took the show from Allopath
At the weights Hainault looked a
good thing for the seven furlong run,
and the price about the gelding speed
ily fell from 13 to 10 to evens. Nicely
ridden by Travers, he registered an
easy first, after M. A. Powell and Dora
I had set the early pace. Sam Green
field came from behind with The Gad
fly, a 20 to 1 shot, downing Powell for
the place.
RED CROSS NURSE FALLS.
Travers on the favorite, Red Cross
Nurse, for the mile selling fixture met
with an accident at the first turn, which
practically ruined the mare's chances.
In some sort of a jostling match Nurse
got caught in a jam and went to her
knees. She could not • recover the
ground thus lost. North West, played
down from 3Vfc to 1 to 11 to 5 and excel
lently ridden by Sam Greenfield, out
stayed Follow Me through the stretch,
earning a neck decision. Show honors
fell to Meistersinger, with Jakie Jones
tip.
If Sam Greenfield rode a clever race
on North West, his handling of Albe
marle, favorite for the selling sprint
following, did not add to his record.
He took the gelding over the overland
rc,ute. made weak play for a position
and finished among the also rana.
Cousin Carrie, with Travers in the
saddle, made all the running, and
standing a drive gamely defeated
Bronze Wing, the mount of Clem Jen
kins, a head. Helgesen was third with
Hipponax, a 12 to 1 shot. Mocorito ran
a mild race.
THICK NOTES.
Travers carried off the saddle hon
ors by piloting two winners.
Ruilmrtn is regaining his old time
form and now rides a winner or two
almost every day. As a two-year-old
pilot he is hard to equal.
Clem Jenkins is another of the old
guard who is doing excellent work
in the paddle. Clem has'been seen
ADV ERTISEMENTS.
Weak Men and
Rupture Cured.
r W " vacuum £22*
i} 3 u ' li: de
✓rll / \ki.op SEW
259/!n BRGT AM>
■ Jrl M»* n i,ly re-
< n' l "''wL ? Plos sT O It E THE
fc WFHuT«r 31? *z 1 Ot'TH. It is the
ilkl vr * ' ojF3 0= t'nly positive means
'ft* SQUARE **s*> 0 known which will
f fu'!y enlarge and
"lA"K<e>sWJ.s,fcW""'""™ ■ completely develop
the organs. Cse.l With our Soluble Medicated
I'rethral Crayons, quickly t-.ires ail drains and
discharges. Varicocele, Stricture, Premature
Decay. Enlargement of Prostate Gland, etc.
Special cure for ItUPTIRE; no knife, no de
lay from work. Guarantee perfect cure.
Money left In bank. Our physicians are
well known to be experienced and strictly re
-1 able special Ms and cure Ruptnre and all
diseases of men only by modern methods. Call
. for free examination and full details of our
special cure for Rupture.
We want al.ro especially every wak or un
developed man to cal! or write for our most in
structive HO-page Illustrated book. It fuliy ex
plains the action of our remarkable Vseunm
ar.d Crayon treatment. We have the most
• i! home cure in the world. We jglve
treatment on 10 days' trial and np
urnvnl, Book sent securely sealed, free.
man should read It. Call or write to
di.y Hours oto 9. Sundays, 11 to 1. VACUUM
■VPI'HAVCE CO.. 6 O'Farrell street.
Museum of anatomy^
\ • tjr Th« LMrjer. Anatesiieal Hums In ih« \
' j -s«Tr\s» Vv'urid WeakuM.s9 mi Any cmiiracKH Q
« ?L&JgM r""**'*«"'r enrwl t>y the »ldtit V
0 IHsl jp-cniii: on ill* Cau- litjijrMri. 0
■A 0R - -JORDAN—B'SiASES OF MEN 6
1 Coimla-JM fnt *sd strictly prirste. \
C P BW Jj Trastincni p*r-or.»ii» or by loiter. A O
I 4 7 \im ******* Omrtm irety csi* nadefteken. *Z
At 'l Wriiefnr Kaofc, I»SllE.«»ae>» , BIlf of A
j \y* atiiKU«K. i a:lbd ; xis. cat
\ .J. Taiu»b:« bmofc £•* mco) A
V DB. JUBPAK «% F^F
I «c Big « for anaaturai
; b nto o <«»clisrf es.inflsniwstlona
JOff <;*»r»oi«il V irritations or ulcerations
K*Jp i«i v »t:lnt :r». of muootJ mesabronea
i'r.T»ntf ftau«iM. Paluiess, sad not a*trin
jj'io-IT.-ii gent or eoUo&ous.
W-V •■■c.HKATi.o.gHi a«M by m^nristat
b- s. *- asP or sent is plain wrspper
TtITHm i ismPW i>T express, prepaid, fot
1 $1.00 or S bottles 12.75
m *v ■ Circular seat M reaasal.
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
on the backs of several long shots
lately that were knocking at the door.
Jones & Lusk have one less horse
to provide hay and oats for. Charley
McCnfferty claimed M. A. Powell,
owned by the firm mentioned, out of
the third race for $132 5. The colt
originally cost Jones & Lusk $250 at
a sale in the East.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 3.—Results:
First race, one mile and twenty ;...n»s —
Monaco Maid Won, Pawtucket second. Flight
third. Time. 1:43 3-5.
Second ra< \ ui.e and a quarter miles —
Swift Wing won. Cutaline second, Handspinner
third. Time, 2:10.
Third nice, seven furlongs—Sis Lee won.
Sponge Cake second. Tern's Rod third. Time,
1:28.
Fourth race, one mile—De Reszke won.
Ram's Horn second. Katie Powers third. Time,
1:41 2-5.
Fifth race, six furlongs—St. Tammany won,
Norwood Ohio second, Kilts third. Time
1:14 4-5.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth >nilea—Rian
won. second. Knowledge third.
Time. 1:49.
John L Adams, the winner of the
annual checker tournament of the
Mechanics' Institute, was awarded the
championship medal by the board of
directors lajst night.
FORESTS MUST
BE PROTECTED
Delegates to Convention in
the Capital of the Nation
Unanimous on the Subject
WASHINGTON. Jan. 3.—More than
.100 delegates were present to-day when
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson, presi
dent of the American Forestry Con
gress, the first of its kind held in this
country, called that body to order. The
meeting is under the auspices of the
American Forestry Association and
will be continued throughout the week.
Secretary Wilson welcomed the dele
gates ancr delivered an address, saying,
in part:
Without forestry the permanent prosperity
of the industries you represent is Impossible
because a i-ermanent supply of wood and
water can only come from the wise use of the
forest and in no way, and that supply
you must have.
I am glad to see the irrigation Interests so
strongly represented here because forestry and
irrigation go hand in hand in the agricultural
development of the West. The West must have
water, and that from a sure and permanent
supply. Unless the forests at the headwaters
of the streams used in irrigation are pro
tected, that is Impossible and Irrigation will
fall. Unless we practice forestry in the moun.
tain forests in the West the expenditure under
the national irrigation law will be fruitless
and the wise policy of thf Government in the
agricultural deveiopmefffof the arid regions
will fail.
Guy Elliott Mitchell, secretary of
the National Irrigation Association,
also addressed the congress.* He urged
th > enactment of a bill pending in
Congress, recommended by the Presi
dent, consolidating the various fores
try branches into one bureau. He also
called attention to the necessity for
the repeal of the timber and stone
act and the substitution of the bill,
which has passed the Senate, providing
for the sale of stumpage, the title to
public timber lands to remain in the
Government, thus insuring their nat
ural reforestation.
The annual report of the board of
directors of the American Forestry
Association on the progress of fores
try in the United States was read by
Edward T. Powers, secretary of the
association.
Representative Lacey of lowa, chair
man of the House Committee on Pub
lic Lands, in an address, said the ques
tion under discussion was one with
which the committee had long been
struggling. He declared that the
movement for the protection of the
forests had been late, but not too late
for the Government to take hold.
Andrew White, commissioner of
Crown Lands of Canada, made a few
remarks. In her forests Canada, he
said, had a valued asset and she was
taking care of it and not giving it
away. He predicted much good as a
result of the present congress.
W. S. Harvey, president of the board
of trustees of the Philadelphia Com
mercial Museum, urged co-operation of
all bodies represented in the congress
toward securing the repeal of the tim
ber and stone act.
• Former Senator Charles Manderson,
general solicitor of the Chicago, Bur
lington and Quincy Railroad, said the
future of this republic in every depart
ment of industry rests upon the preser
vation and the increase of its timber.
E. S. Gosney, president of the Arizo
na Wool Growers' Association, and
Representative Reeder of Kansas, also
made brief speeches.
STEERS WRECK GROCERY
STORE IN CINCINNATI
Frightened Animals Rush Into the
Place and Then Kick It
to Pieces.
CINCINNATI, Jan. B.—A herd of run
away steers created a panic at the City
Hall this afternoon. The cattle belonged
to George and Henry Miller of Oneonta,
Ky., and had become frightened while
being driven up Plum street. Near
Eighth street they charged a crowd of
boys, chasing them through the yard
of St. Peter's Cathedral. After clearing
the yard the steers dashed through the
court and into a grocery The place was
literally kicked to pieces by the enraged
beasts before they were chased out
and finally captured by the owners,
half a dozen policemen and several vol
unteers of the neighborhood.
NAPA ASYLUM ATTENDANTS
OBTAIN A CONTINUANCE
NAPA, Jan. 3.—Attendants T. D.
Shanahan and Oscar Retzman, who
are charged with the murder of Pa
tient Joseph R. Louis at the Napa
State Hospital on Sunday, December
25, were before Justice McKnlght to
day. By consent of counsel Justice
McKnlght set Thursday, January 12,
as the time for their preliminary ex
amination.
Now Orleans Results.
Adams Gets Checker Medal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 4, 1905.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND—Tuesday. Jan. 3. Weather fine. Track slow.
7«Of>. FIRST RACE—Six furlones;~selling; four-year-olds and upward; value to first, $325.
7033 [Box Elder. 4 (J. J. Moran)...|
7641 [Haven Run, 4 (Harris & Co.),
7504 |Frank Pearco, a (Stephenson)j
7C41 a (Lamasney Bros.).
7051 [Serenity. 4 (Dayton & Co.)..
7043 ;Batidor. 3 (L. E. Fine)
7642 [Aibonita, a (McAbee Sz Co.)..
7570 Lecturer, a ( J J. Coalter)
7C17 ■Karabel, a (Bottger & Co.)..
7618 Resin, 6 (Walker & Co.)
Horse and Owner.
107
! St. 14. %. »i. Str. Fin.
i 4 ... 2 h 2 4 2 8 in
15 ... 1« 14 13 21
3 ... 52 3n31 3n
9 ... 84 6h 62 41
•11 ... 9 <i 8 1 7 1 5 Vz
16 ... 41 C5
5 ... 3 H 7%
7 ... 6h 92 93 8 4
.8 ... 7 2 oh 6 Vt 9 1
II ... 11 11 10 4 10 8
jlO ... 10 4 10 2 11 11
Bell
|W. Davis..
J. Jones.... I
Ttavers ...
IC. Miller...
6 7
4 5
6 18-5
20 25
10 15
4 6
6 7
30 50
5 6
15 30
SO 40
league ....
Sherwood ..
[Greenfield .
iHelfresen ..
[Alarie
Time—:lMJ.i, :49, 1:10%. At port 3 minutea. Off at 2:15. Elder, place, 3; show. 3-2.
Haven, place, 5-2; show, 7-10. Pearce, show, 9-10. Winner, b. g. by Ogden-Red Spin
n-r. Trained by J. J. Moran. Scratched—Tho Rtewarders. Start good. Won easily.
Second and third driving. Haven Run backed up in the run home. Winner best. Silu
rian might have been hard tc beat at a longer distance. Serenity off poorly. Aibonita
quit. Karabel ran a cheap race. '
7UUH. SECOND RACE—I mile and 50 yards; selling: 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index I Horse and Owner.
76." IBarrack, a (A. B. Barrett)... :
7661'!Rowona, 4 (Gaylord & Co.)...
7t;r>.-. Glermrvon. 5 (Summers Co.). '
704.1 lAllopnth 0 (Lamasnev Bros.)
7630 [Myrtle H. 6 (Mrs. Hertzel)...
7655 !Handle Belle, a ("Winter & J.)
7856 V. Marlow. 5 (Mclaughlin)..
7617 Mosketo, 6 (G. Strobel) 1
7624 M. M. Bowdirh. 4 (B!asgame)|
7603 !D. of Richelieu, 6 (Gotung)..|
Horse and Owner.
IWtlSt.
IWtiSt. Vi- %• str. rin. ; jocko.
Ilti 2 91 7 (4 3 h 24 In IBullman ...!
! 99, 1 2 8 1 2 1 0 1 2 2 5 jMcBrlde ...
[mil «%61 0 5 52 31 |J. Jones....
1041 5 5h02 5 2 41 Davis.. |
■10* 4 1 n 2 5 2 h 3 h 5 6 |T. Taylor...
109 3 41 4h41 62 61 IHelgesen ..
106 8 7 3 88 75 73 71 ITravers ...
!l06 0 3 H 3 h « 2 S3 85 (Greenfield .
\ 9910 81 95 95 05 9C iD. Fountain
106 9 10 10 10 10 10 1 Wright
5 18-6
6-5 6-5
20 25
4 11-2
30 50
20 20
15 15
20 26
30 50
60 40
Time—:24%, :50. 1:16%. 1:44. 1:47%. At post ?; minute. Off at 2:38%. Barrack, place,
6-3; show, "-5. Rowena, place, 8-5; show, 1-3. Glenarvon, show. 5. Winner, br. h.
by Bersan-Kable. Trained by A. E. Barrett. Scratched—Dollie H, Petrolia. Start
good. Won pulling up. Next four drtvlnsr. Winner is partial to a slow, heavy track
and ran over his field last three furlongs. Rowena not at her best, and a shorter route
•nits her better. Allopath no account. Young Marlow no speed.
TOOT. THIRD RACE—Seven furlongs; selling: thr-e-year-olds and up; value to first, $326.
Index Horse and Owner. iWtlBr. ti. U. V. Str. Fin. ' Jockey.
iiiueA. norse ana owner. | YVlfDl. . n • t» • °*V ■ wmmmr.
t7048)''Hainault. 6 (J. Reavy) |106l 6 3 h 4 2>A? 1 [Travers ...
TOSS The Gadfly 3 <W. S. Price)..I 95 7 7 1 7 2 5 H 4 2%2 2% Greenfield
<7»>tr.> M. A. Powell. 3 (Jones & L)jl02 4 4 1 2 2Vit »i f 2 I Mi[W. Davis..
70(13 iDora I. 6 (J. Ryan) 98) 3 1 9i 1 n 3 n 4 H McBride ..
7636 jFay Templeton, 3 (Dodge) 831 1 2n 3h 4 % 5 2 on |W. Knapp
7595 'Scotsman. 5 (Brinkworth) 1041 2 6 8 5 h (5 « 2%iJ. Jones....
7(537 IMr. Farnum. 5 (G. Wilson)... 102' 9 75 78 Bonner ....
7«49 Gallant Cassie, 3 (Mrs. Miller)! 82; 8 5 h 6 % 8 i 8 (J 8 10 R. Butler...
75C9 jPaddy Lynch. 3 (P. Lynch)..] 99| 5 9 9 9 9 9 IE. Lynch. ■■
Time— :24%. :49%, 1:16%, 1:29%. At post 2% minutes. Off at 3:06%. Hainault, place,
2-5; show 1-5. Gadfly, place, 8; show. 4. Powell, show, 2-5. Winner, br. g. by St. Carlo-
Libbertifilbbett. Trained by J. Reavy. Scratched—Pore Leo. Start good. Won easily.
Second driving. Third easily. Hainault had a pull in the weights and always looked
the winner. Dora I killed off M. A. Powell. The Gadfly showed marked improvement.
S-'OUman lacked speed. Mr. Farnum has bad underpinning.
7008. FOURTH RACE—One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. I'
(7620)}North West, 4 (Figaro Stable)|
(76'Jo)]Follow Me, a (Mosier Bros).. 1
fiOSS) Meisterstnger, 6 (F. Healey) 1
7654 | Red C. Ntirse, 4 (Molero & J)
7300 'Cracko. 5 (J. E. Fitzgerald)..
7638 San Jose, 3 (G. W. Wilson)..
7575 |R Sweepstakes. 3 (Miller)..
6448 !Bob Palmer, a (J- J. Coalter)
'lot
110
5 41 2 h 2 4 In In (Greenfield
1 1 »i 1 h 1 h 2 2H2 4 |W. Knapp
3 2 *i 3 4 3 2 3 2%;J. Jones....
7 8 4 4 4 15 4 10 4 12 iTravers ...
2 Sh 74 7 If 7 25 5 lViEarnshaw
4 7 * C 8H6 - 1 -5 n 6 2% Taylor ....
8 6 £ 5 1L5 n 6 4 7 20 | Wiley
6 9 n 8 8 8 8 .Bullman ..
. Str. Fin.
Fl . Mia pp
. Jones....
7- 2 11-5
4 16-5
5 10
8- 5 9-5
100 200
60 60
60 100
100 200
'ravers ...
Time :2(5. iSI, 1;16%, 1:44. At post 2% minutes. Off at 1:33%.- West, place, 3-5; show,
1-3 Follow place 1; show, 9-20. Meistersinger, show, 1. Winner, br. m. by Montana-
Nina M Trained by J. Lodge. Scratched—BAtra Nous. Start good. Won handily.
Balance driving hard. North West outstayed Follow Me. Meistersinger ran a good race.
Red Cross Nurse stumbled to her knees on first turn.
TOGO. FIFTH RACE —Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; value to first, 1325.
Horse and Owner.
iwt st. v*.
*4. etr. Fin.
Jockey.
761» !Cousln Carrie, a (Gaylord)..
(7641)iBronze Wing, a (Judge Co.).
7(>48 Hipponax, a (A. C. Dean)
7621 iMocorlto. a (J. Ryan)
cTt',24> Educate, a (S. A. Hoppas)...
(7<i21) Albemarle, 5 (J. Quinlan)...
7633 Flaneur, a (C. E. Murray)...
6830 jFloriana Belle, 4 (Hill & Co.)
1
3 ... 1 4 m 1 1 1 h ITravers ...
4 ... 2 «i 3 Vi 3 U 2 2^jJenkins ...
7 ... I « 5 2H4 2H3 *4 iHelgesen ..
1 ... ♦'. 4* 6 4 5 2 4 4 I McBrlde ..
2 ... 3 1 2n 21 5 3H ! W. Davis..
6 ... 5 *4 4 h 6 4 65 jGreenfleld .
8 ... 8 8 7 % 74 Wright ...
5 ... 7 10 7 6 8 8 j Bell
6-2 7-2
7 8
15 12
6 11-2
10 12
6-5 T-5
20 60
50 60
Time— 24% :49 1:15«.. At post 5% minutes. Off at 4:05%. Carrie, place, 7-5; show,
3-5 Wing 'place "5-2; show, 1. Hipponax, show, 2. Winner, eh. m. by Midlothian-
Sister Mary Trained by G. Burger. Scratched—The Hawaiian, Moito, War Times.
Start good. Won in a hard drive of two. Third easily. Carrie had the speed. Bronze
Wing no excuses. Hipponax showed improvement. Mocorito ran a dull race. Educate
quit. Albemarle ridden over the scenic route.
7«70. SIXTH RACE—One and an eighth miles: purse; 4-year-Olds and up; to first, $325.
Horse and Owner.
fst. tf.
%• Str. Fin.
Jockey.
—
8881 Horatius. 5 (Skinner & Co.)..ft
T«.;4 Freckman, 4 (Bradley & D.)l !
T.-.44 Maj. Manslr. a (Brlnkworth)|r
7652 ICol. Anderson. 6 (MoL<au(rhln) V
7684 Veterano. 5 (Multnomah Sta.Mi
7668 Ink, 5 (Lamasney Bros.) 1<
Circus 6 (C. E. Eckert) \t
7 2 4 2-a, In 2 1 ns {
3 1 n 1 % 2 % j
2 3 1%3 l'-.'i 4 3 4 3 4
5 6 3 5 1US % 6 % 4 %
1 8 h 4 t, 4 n 4 1} 2 5 1«4
47 7 65646 10 |
64n6n7 7 7
at nner .. .j
;Mc Bride ..
iJ. Janes...
j Watson ...
6 5
1 9-10
6 7
20 30
5 5
30 40
20 40
ITravers ...
Time -25% :51%. 1:17%. 1:44, 1:57. At post minute. Off at 4:27. Horatius, place,
9-5- show 9-10. Freckman, place, 2-5; show. out. Mansir, show, 7-10. Winner, b. h.
by Odd Fellow-Kinda- Trained by E. J. Ramsey. Start good. Won first three driving
hard Winner nicely ridden. Freckman simply outclassed. Major Mansir closed strong.
Veterano at one time looked a possibility, then he faded away.
HONITON PICKS
UP TOP WEIGHT
A specially attractive card is of
fered race goers to Oakland this af
ternoon. The $1000 handicap looks a
difficult one of solution, though Hon
iton, with her impost of 118 pounds,
will probably be Installed favorite.
First race—Seven furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling:
7640 'Golden Buck (Schorr) »«
7647 »Macene lEzell) .JJ
7636 »Bob Ragon (Summers) 101
7586 'Del Carina (Clark) 1
7653 Baker (McAlester) IJ™
7H35 Glenftnan (Ross) «JJ
7668 'Pan Jose (Wilson) 101
7629 Handy Bill (Zellnsky) 106
Second race—Three furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse: „ , .„
Bed Tenny (Browning Bros.) 110
David Tenny-Miss Red Iron.
.... Bill Perry (Lagorta ft Forbes) 118
Deering-Mandolins.
Dora Gentry (Stanfleld) 110
Kismet-Miss Gentry.
7660 Sir Wilfred (Cameron) U3
7660 Yolo Girl (Lagorla ft Forbes) 110
.. Boledad (Napa Stock Farm) 110
The Judge-Folly.
7660 Abe Meyer (Stover) 110
Lady Catherine (Zellnsky) HO
Hamilton ll—Notice Me.
Capt Burnett (Blanchl ft McGovern). 113
Rubicon-Miss Reel.
Avonalls (Blanchl A McGovern) 110
St Avonlcus-Physalis.
Equorum Bex (Summers) 113
Brutus-Ledalla.
Third race—One mile; three-year-olds and
up: selling;: _ . ,^
766.1 The Lieutenant (Stover) 108
7653 M.ady Fashion (Miller) 83
7657 »Budd Wade (Baker City Stable) 10fi
7667 »Mr. Farnum (Wilson) 102
7657 Lady Kent (Ryan) Hg
7400 •Harry Beck (Lynch) 10*
7621 *Molto (Shannon) 106
7650 'Waterspout (Clark) 101
7659 Vulcaln (Eaell) 110
Fourth race—One mile and seventy yards,
three -year-olds and up, handicap:
(7(ll4)Honiton (Ryan) 118
7040 Ananias (Schorr) 11l
7656 Oro Viva (Riley ft Mcßae) 98
Schoolmate (Price) 106
(7046)Stlllcho (Baker City Stable) 95
7620 Leila (Clark) 102
(7652)Magrane (Magrane) 1011
7664 Ara (Stevens 8t Hon) 90
Fifth race— Futurity course, four-year-olds
and up. selling:
7600 'Miss May Bowdlsh (Blasingame) ... 98
7469 Joe Frey (Schorr) 107
7663 Revolt (Gilbert) 107
(!ofl4 Velma Clark (McAlester) 102
7445 »Peter J (Keene & Co.) 99
(74S5)Berendos iScharetg) 109
7054 Redan (Strobel) 100
7669 *Mocorito (Ryan) 102
(7tt)l)Royal White (Lowrle) 109
7641 Bee Rosewater (Romlgh) 102
7605 Aibonita (McAbee ft Davis) 102
Sixth race—Bix furlongs, four-year-olds and
up. purse:
75*3 Little Wally (Brinkworth ft Co.) 101
7661 Judge (McAlester) 109
7591 Ishtar (Ryan) 102
7656 Alhula (Lamaeney Bros.) 112
7C52 Padua (Price) 104
(7661) Rector (Eckert) 106
Favors Championship Series.
CINCINNATI, 0., Jan. 3.—Chairman
Herrmann announced to-day that, in
his judgment, rules for the govern
ment of a series of baseball games for
the championship of the world would
bo adopted with the coming meeting
of the National Commission, which is
to control such contests, along the
lines suggested by President Brush of
New York. The winning club is to
get a" silver trophy similar to the
Tt mple cud.
HORSES LIKELY TO
REACH WIRE FIRST
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
First race—Del Carina, Gold
en Back, Bob Ragon.
Second nice—Sir Wilfred,
Soledad, Avonalis.
Third race—Lady Kent, Budd
Wade. The Lieutenant.
Fourth race — Schoolmate,
Leila, Honiton.
Fifth race—Peter J, Keren
dos., Mocorito.
Sixth race—Padua, Is h tar,
Judge.
BLOCKS PLANS
OF RIVAL ROAD
California Northwestern Pre
vents Laying of Track
by Santa Kosa Electric
] SANTA ROSA, Jan. 3.—Considerable
excitement was caused here to-day by
the attempt of the electric railroad
people to lay a track across a spur
of the California Northwestern Road's
track near the brewery. The work of
cutting the steam road's rails had be
gun when a special engine to which
a string of box cars was attached
came on the scene and for some time
switched back and forth across the
point where the men had been working
effectually stopping further progress.
A crowd of citizens had collected, also
a big gang of section hands, but there
was no violence. For some time the
California Northwestern has evidently
been expecting some such move as
was made to-day. Watchmen have
been stationed at the disputed point
day and night and an engine with
steam up kept in the yards. To-night
the track for several hundred yards is
being patrolled by railroad employes
in anticipation of a repetition of the
attempt to lay the crossing.
HART McKEE'S DIVORCE
SOON TO BE GRANTED
Secrecy Maintained as to the Charges
Made in the Suit Begun
by His Wife.
PITTSBURG, Jan. 3.—The divorce of
A. Hart McKee of New York has not
been granted, but probably will be
within the present month. The papers
in the suit brought by his wife, Mrs.
Eliza S. McKee, and filed early last
summer have been submitted, to Judge
John McKennedy, and his signature
granting a decree is expected within a
few days. Secrecy has been maintained
as to the charges.
BOOKIES MEET
WITH DISASTER
Five Favorites Show Their
Real Form and Outsiders
Have No Chance to Shine
WAGNER SETS NEW MARK
Descuento Makes It Three
Straight and Many Wise
Ones Back Heather Honey
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3.—Favorites
had their innings at Ascot to-day, five
out of six scoring victories over their
respective fields. The remaining race
fell to a strongly played second choice.
There was a big crowd on hand and
the books had the most disastrous day
of the season. There were no striking
features to the racing except the vic
tory of Hans Wagner over a mile and
an eighth in 1:52%, which is a hew rec
ord for Ascot track.
James' strikingly handsome chestnut
gelding, Descuento, scored his third
successive victory in as many starts,
winning in easy fashion from a good
field of sprinters. Heather Honey was
the medium of a big plunge in the
fifth race and won all the way.
Weather clear; track fast. Summary:
First race six furlongs, selling—Light of
D&y, 105 (Fitzpatrick), 11 to 5, won; Magjrie
Mcckey, 102 |(McDaniel), 4 to t, second;
Anona, 105 (LaVrence), 4 to L third. Time,
1:14%. Del Coronado, Belle Dixon. Garvlce,
Lad}' Ninora and Miss Powell also ran.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, sell
ing—lnterlude, 109 (Hildebrand), 2 to 1. won;
Happy Chappy, 104 (Lawrence), 3 to 1, sec
ond; Edinborough, 107 (Herbert), 12 to 1,
third. Time. 1:07. Instructor. Crimean, Ala
man«or, Elfin King. Bath Beach, Bandillo,
Issbute and Leonado also ran.
Third race, one and an eighth miles —Hans
Wagner. 103 (Hildebrand), 16 to 5, won; Em
peror of India. 105 (Miller). 3 to 2, second;
Elie. 100 (Walsh), sto 1. third. Time, 1:52%.
Cbub and Nitrate also ran.
Fourth race, Slauson course—Descuento, 109
(Rennecamp). 7 to 5. won; Bologna, 107 (Law
rence), 6 to 1, second: Capltanazo, 117 (Du
gan). 5 to L third. Time. 1:09%. Bluecoat.
Whltestone. Ralph Reese. Tramotor also ran.
Fifth race. Brooks course, selling—Heather
Honey, 98 (McDanlel). 6 to 5, won: Akela, 111
(Fuller), 3 to 1, second; Jlngler, 105 (Tooman).
8 to 1. third. Time, 2:03. Cloverton and
Gravlette also ran. v
Bixth race, one mirk, selling—Helgersen, 106
(Lawrence), 6 to 5, wdn; Golden Ivy, 99 (Mol
arity). 8 to 1, second: Dug Martin. 11l (Tul
lett), 15 to 1. third. Time, 1:41%. Laureatea,
Varro. Phyz. Dorlce. Flora Bright, L'lloa and
Ed Lanigan also ran. •
WHY McGINNES
WAS SURPRISED
Earthquake Jars the Bolt
to His Front Door and
the Lock Will Not Work
Customs Inspector Robert T. Mc-
Ginnes has acquired a new respect for
the baby earthquakes that of late have
been giving San Francisco a course of
the vibration treatment. With his wife
he was sitting in the Grand Opera
house Monday night when the 10:30
o'clock undulations were felt.
"Feel the New Year resolutions
breaking," remarked McGinnes, as At
las stumbled and his burden shook.
"Wonder who fell off the water wagon
that time?" This was all the attention
the revenue officer paid to the tem
blor at the time and the next minute
he-was following the fortunes of "The
Darling of the Gods."
"These earthquakes don't amount to
anything," remarked McGinnes to his
wife an hour or so later as he inserted
his latch key in the door of the Mc-
Ginnes home, 1283 Waller street.
"Scientists tell us—what the dickens is
the matter with this door?"
The latch key turned in the lock but
all effort to push open the door was
met with a stout resistance.
"Burglars," suggested Mrs. McGin
nes.
, With revolver in hand McGinnes re
connoitered the premises. No sound
could be heard inside and he found
nothing to indicate any unlawful in
vasion of the premises. So securely
in fact was every door and window
fastened that it was an hour before
McGinnes succeeded in breaking into
his house.
He hastened to the front door to
admit his wife. Again the door refused
to swing. He turned on the light.
"Well, I'll be "
It was all on McGinnes. The earth
quake, which he had joshed so light
ly had the last laugh. The shaking had
shot the night bolt securely barring the
door on the Inside, and long after At
las had regained his equilibrium Mc-
Ginnes was shivering on his own door
step wondering why his latch key
would not work.
TO MOVE FOR NEW TRIAL
OF DOLBEER WILL CASE
Schander's Attorneys File Notice of
Motion and Will Submit
Statement.
Notice of intention to move for a
new trial of the Bertha M. Dolbeer
will contest was filed in the Probate
Court yesterday by Hiram W. and Al
bert M. Johnson, attorneys for
Adolph Schander, the contestant,
whose case recently failed before a
jury in Judge Coffey's department.
The attorneys say that the motion will
be based upon a statement of the case
to be hereafter prepared, and six
statutory grounds for new trial are
set forth. v
Schander also filed a notice of mo
tion to tax costs in the case, and
objected to many of the items in the
proponents' bill. They say that the
charges of Commissioner R. P. Lee of
New York, who took nearly all of
the Eastern depositions, were exces
sive, and some of the depositions
should not be paid for because they
were not used. Fees for a number of
witnesses who were not called to tes
tify afe objected to, and exceptions are
taken to the charge of $76 for the
deposition of Mjss Ethel Dean, who
testified in court and whose deposition
was not used. A like objection is
made to the charge for F. A. Green
wood's deposition, as he was in town
and could have attended the trial.
Some of the witnesses, who were in
terested in the case as legatees, should
not be paid fees, it is contended.
Yellow Fever at Galveston.
GALVESTON, Tex., Jan. 3.—Two
mild cases of yellow fever developed on
the British steamer Horatio, which ar
rived here from Para on Friday. The
disease was contracted at sea.
BIG TURF WAR
NOW BREWING
Stewards of Western Jockey
•Club Turn Down Corrigan
and All His Associates
DATES UNSATISFACTORY
Master of Hawthorne Says
Officials Split $18,000
When the Season Closed
CHICAGO, Jan. 3.—War is the slogan
of Edward Gorrigan and his associates, I
who were turned down coldly by the |
stewards of the Western Jockey Club j
to-day at their monthly meeting.
True to policy of a well-developed \
and thriving turf trust, the stewards,
who recently, according to Mr. Corri- j
gan, divided something like $18,000 j
among them as their share of spoils
for the year Just ended in face of de
nunciation of both public and press,
refused point blank to reconsider the
racing dates which were recently as
signed Hot Springs Jockey Club. They
also refused to allot the new track at
New Orleans a period in which to con
duct a meeting and in answer to the
appeal of the Louisville Jockey Club |
for an extension of the spring dates
they added Jive days to the fall dates,
which was not in any way satisfactory
to the petitioners.
Dissatisfied track owners at present
in Chicago refused to-night to outline
any future policy further than to say
that some action would be taken at the
meeting to be held here to-morrow.
Nevertheless It is believed that war
will result.
RIVETER SAYS HIS WIFE
KNOCKED HIM SENSELESS
Files Cross-Complaint to Her Divorce
Suit, Claiming She At
tacked Him.
Henry Lehman, a riveter at the
Union Iron Works, whose wife Anna
recently sued him for divorce on the
ground of cruelty, yesterday filed an
answer denying her charges, and a
cross-complaint in which he accuses
her of many unwifely acts, chief of
which is her knocking him into in
sensibility with a coal box. He says,
too, that she is a spiritualist and
spends the money he gives her for
seances.
Grant Hammond, an inventor, who
is in receipt of large sums of money
and is the owner of corporation
stocks, has neglected his family, ac
cording to the complaint for divorce
filed yesterday by his wife, Laura M.
Hammond. They were married in
1899 and have two children.
Other suits for separation were be
gun by Arleen G. Wilkinson against H.
A. Wilkinson, neglect; Clara B. Flem
ing against Walter S. Fleming, deser
tion; Katie Sprague against Samuel C.
Sprague, neglect, intemperance and
cruelty. Walter M. Cushing asks the
court to annul his union with Evelyn
M. Cushing, which took place in Oc
tober, 1901. He declares that the
marriage was illegal because in May
of that year his wife obtained a
divorce from A. G. Morgan. The pre
scribed year for single blessedness had
not elapsed when she took another
mate.
Makes a Murderous Attack.
Theophilus C. Bustamente was ar
rested early yesterday morning by
Detective Matheson and booked at
thelCity Prison on a charge of as
sault to commit murder on the night
of December 16. He attacked Santos
Sobrano with a knife, cutting him
several times. The attack was the
outcome of a general fight between
Porto Rlcans and Mexicans living in
Hinckley alley about two months pre
vious.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"MA N iToOD "
For Men Who Have Lost It
$1000 REWARD TO WEAK MEN
Let any man who is weak, broken down, old and decrepit in physical
weakness, full of pains and aches, gloomy, despondent and cheerless—
any man who wants to be stronger and younger than he feels—let htm
come and tell me how he feels, and if I say that I can cure him I will for
feit $1000 if I fail.
Z don't want mousy that I dont earn. Z dont need it, and am not
after it. But Z am after the dollars that are now going wronar la tlx*
finest of health. Ziook at all vthese noor- wrecks of humanity that are
spending all they earn on Aran—done that is paralyzing their vital or
gans—that have spent all theyt have earned for years without gaining a
pound of strength for the hundreds of dollars wasted.
That is the money that I am after, because for every dollar I take 1
can give a thousand per cent interest, and I don't want it at all until I
have cured you if you will secure me. I have cured so many cases right
here that I can prove my claims to you. but if that proof is not enough
I'll give you the names of men right near you—where you are. Is that
Most of the Belts that I am selling now are to men who have been sent
here by their frienda whom I have cured. I think that is the best evi
dence that my business 4s a success from the standpoint of curea. as well
as on the dollar side.
Just lately I have received letters of praise from these men:
James P. Daniels. 709 Devisadero street. San Francisco. He was cured
of a back trouble of 12 years' standing.
J. M. Gaskill. 220 Chestnut avenue, Santa Crux. Cal.. who says I cured
him of Indigestion. Constipation, Nervousness and Lumbago, from which
ha had suffered 15 years.
Wherever you are I think I can give you the name of a man in your
town that I have cured. Just send me your address and let me try. This
is my twenty-fourth year In the business of pumping new vim into> worn
out humanity, and I've got cures in nearly every town on the map.
Come and see me if you can and I'll fix you up; or, if you can't call,
write to me and I'll do the same. I've got a nice book on men that I'll
send sealed, free, if you Inclose this ad.
Dr. M. C. McLaughlin ?Z 6^J^L
Office Hours—B a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. Not sold in drug stores.
GANS WILL BOX
JIMMY GARDNER
Alex. Greggains Turns Down
Marvin Hart and Johnson.
He Signs Lightweights
REACH TERMS QUICKLY
Rival Fighters Leave for
This City To-Day to Com
mence Work of Training
The members of the sporting frater
nity who were figuring on seeing big
Jack Johnson and Marvin Hart make
passes at each other In the ring on the
night of January 27 will be forced to
aDpease their appetites with a light
weight go instead. Last night Alex
Greggains, manager and matchmaker
of the San Francisco Club, decided to
cut loose from the heavy-weights and
match Jimmy Gardner and Joe Gans
instead.
Although the change came rather
suddenly, it will not be much of a sur
prise to those who know. As soon as
the big fellows had finished signing ar
ticles the knockers began to swing
their hammers with much force, and it
did not take them long to tell Mr.
Greggains that he had framed up a
"bum show" for his January date.
Greggains at once set to work to see
whether he could not secure two good
men in place of Johnson and Hart. Ha
had Gans and Gardner under consider
ation for a long time, and after com
municating with them both and learn
ing that they were willing to get to
gether he decided to match them.
The lightweights will meet at "Wood
ward's Pavilion on the night of Jan
uary 27 at 133 pounds at 6 o'clock. The
division of the purse will be decided
upon later. The referee question wnl
also come up when the men arrive in
this city and formally sign the articles
of agreement.
Gans will start from Baltimore to
night and on his arrival here will go
direct to Billy Shannon's villa at San
Rafael, there to train for the encoun
ter. Shannon received a telegram from
Gans last night asking him to have
the gym ready.
Gardner is in Denver and he, too,
will start for this city to-night. He
has never appeared before a San
Francisco crowd, though he was
matched to fight Gans last September.
A short time before the date of the
fight Gardner made a poor showing
against Martin Canole and for that
reason the match was declared off.
It is more than likely that the winner
of the Gans-Gardner mix-up will be pit-
ted against Jimmy Britt. Jimmy will
be about ready for another "go" next
month and either of the two men
would make a good opponent for him,
provided their bout goes through with
out any hitch or shady transaction.
Healdsburg Kickers Win.
HEALDSBURG, Jan. 3. — Th»
Healdsburg High School defeated a
picked team of college players known
as the All Stars in a hard fought game
upon the local gTidiron to-day by a
score of 5 to 0. The high school won
on a fake quarter play. Hotchklss,
captain of the Lick High, played a
brilliant game for the All Stars.
Matthews Beats Gilsey.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 3.—Matty
Matthews of New York defeated Kid
Gilsey of Denver, before the Southern
Athletic Club to-night. Matthews
broke Gilsey's jaw in the first round.
V 4.1 A B OF CROCKER ESTATE.—The value
of the estate of the late Henry 8. Crocker ts
fixed at $525,203 BS by John T. Ollmartln, Rob
ert M. Richardson and Harry Wilkina who
were appointed by the court to appraise it.
\mong the principal items of value are: Cash.
$39,517 68: stock in the H. 8. Crocker Com
pany $147,500; 2000 shares In the Sierra In
vestment Company. $200,000: 631 shares in
the Pacific States Telephone Company, $63,100;
real estate at Sacramento, $12,500.
1112
NEEDS OF CITY KEEP
SUPERVISORS BUSY.
Ask Legislature to
. Give more Time
for Claims.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted a resolution memorializing the
State Legislature to amenH section 3804
of the Political Code, extending the
time from six months to three years
within which claims for protested taxes
may be filed with the board. The
amendment is designed to legalize the
return of the special levy of 15 cents
for-a hosDital and schoolhouses, which
was subsequently declared invalid by
the Superior Court.
Many of the taxpayers failed to pay
their taxes under protest and to com
mence an action within the time re
quired by law or to file their claims
within six months of the date of pay
ment, as required by section 3804 of the
Political Code. The City Attorney ad
vised the board that no refund can be
made of some $300,000 paid without pro
test for the taxes unless the statutory
time is extended for three years. This
will give taxpayers until November.
1906, to file their claims. The clerk of
the board was directed to transmit a
copy of the resolution to the Governor,
the President of the Senate and the
Speaker of the Assembly.
The Board of Supervisors also adopt
ed a resolution declaring its intention
to memorialize the State Legislature
to submit to the people an amendment
to the constitution permitting munici
palities to authorize the deposit of pub
lic funds In banks and similar financial
Institutions on condition that a reason
able interest be paid on current bal
ances and adequate security given in
the form of United States bonds, State
bonds or bonds of the municipalities
whose funds are so deposited.
OBJECT OF AMENDMENT.
The object of the proposed amend
ment is to relieve the financial strin
gency owing to large payments of
taxes, which withdraws the money
from general circulation. The same ob
ject was partially secured when the
law was amended allowing the payment
of taxes in two installments in April
and November. The form of the pro
posed amendment provides that the
legislative body of any city may adver
tise for proposals for the safe keeping
of all public moneys not immediately
needed, and such proposal shall state
•tfie rate of interest to be paid thereon.
Such person or corporation who offers
to pay the highest interest shall be
designated as a public depositary for
municipal funds.
The Health Board petitioned the
board to reconsider the granting of the
permit for a laundry at Twenty-sixth
and York streets, as it is the intention
of the owners to empty the drainage
into the swamp at Twenty-sixth and
Army streets. The first named board
also recommended the condemnation of
land in the vicinity so sewer connec
tions may be carried to the Army street
sewer. It also recommended the con-
demnation of tanneries and soap fac
tories that drain into the swamo. The
recommendations were referred to the
Health and Finance Committees.
YORKE MAY LOSE CONTRACT.
The demand of F. M. Yorke & Co. for
$3727 for repairing bituminous pave
ments during September was referred
to the Finance Committee. The in
spector employed by the committee re
ported that the company had not re
sumed repair work, which was a condi
tion imposed for the payment of the
bill.
Commissioner of Works Schmitz later
held a conference with the Finance
Committee and agreed to ask the Yorke
.company if it desired to go on with the
work of repairing the streets, which are
in a deplorable condition. If it refuses
to go on then the contract will be abro
gated and either new bids invited or
the Board of Works may undertake to
do the work itself. The committee
agreed to pass the September bill if the
company does work the rest of this
week.
Will Arrest Milk Dealers.
Acting under an order issued by
Health Officer Ragan, warrants will be
sworn out for the following restaurant
keepers: M. C. Johnson, 1785 Stock
ton street; F. Mohrmann, 501 Broad
way: Mattli & Perina, 1324 Dupont
street; D. Robertson. 152 Jones street;
M. Ossosky. 115 Turk street; J. Bilo
fer, 44 Turk street; J. Luterich, 105
East street; Koyavich & Co., 136
Montgomery avenue; Bozcih & Co.,
1205 Dupont street; J. Pon, 1129 Du
pont street. Deputy Health Officer
J,pvy maintains that the milk they are
selling is no better than water.
Cash Report of Works Board.
T. J. Donohue, cashier for the Board
of Public Works, submitted a state
ment of the financial condition of the
Works Board for December. The
report shows that 745 permits were
tesued for street space, rebuilding side
walks and houses and the like, and
the receipts amounted to $15,163 68.
This sum was placed on deposit dur
ing the month with the County Clerk.
The fees collected by City Engineer
Woodward's department for private
surveying and street work amounted
to $1966.
Police Pension Board Meets.
The quarterly meeting of the Po
lice Pension Board was held yester
day afternoon. Christopher Arel
lanes, a mounted policeman in the
park, was retired on a pension owing
to disability and defective eyesight.
He was thrown from his horse about
four years ago and permanently In
jured. The usual accounts were
passed.
AD VER TISEMEXTS.
ST
announce that, they win continue their Special
Sale To-Day of BOYS' RUSSIAN SUITS, ages
2 to 6 years.
Also desire to call your attention to to
morrow morning's paper for reduction in
prices of CHILDREN'S WOOLEN DRESSES.
Fix Earlier Date for
Bids for City
Bonds.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
passed to print an amended ordinance
fixing February 20, 1905, instead of
March 6 as the date upon which bids
for municipal bonds aggregating $2,
--573,800 will be received for the issue
covering schoolhouses, street improve
ments, hospital, sewer Bystem and
county jail and additions to Hall of
Justice.
The sum of $26,543 66 was ordered
paid to the San Francisco Gas Com
pany for lighting streets and public
buildings during December.
A demand for $763 20 was ordered
drawn in favor of Wells-Fargo & Co.
Express for transporting $1,017,576 97
to Sacramento.
J. W. Dowling and Williams, Belser
i & Co. were granted extensions of time
jon public contracts.
Grades were ordered established on
I X street South at crossings from Twen
] ty-seeond to Twenty-ninth avenues
South.
The chief of the department of elec-
I tricity was directed to furnish not later
than January 9, 1905, a list of all per
sons and companies engtiged in the
business of supplying heat, light or
• power to the city or its inhabitants.
Resolutions of respect to the memory
jof ex-Mayor H. F. Teschemacher were
| submitted by a committee consisting of
I Supervisors Booth, Comte, Sanderson
and D'Ancona and adopted.
Supervisors Booth. Sanderson and
Comte were appointed a committee to
draft resolutions to the memory of the
late William H. Alvord, ex-Police Com
missioner.
JURYMEN ARE SELECTED
FOR THE WYMAN CASE
Trial of Bartender Accused of Ballot
Box Stuffing Will be Re
sumed To-day.
Without much bickering a jury was
selected in Judge Lawlor's court yes
terday to try the case of Charles
Wyman, accused of fraudulently vot
ing the name of S. H. Mann at the
primary election held August 9. 1904.
Following were the men selected:
Carl Heegard, 940 California street;
Albert Esdor, 1522 California street;
Peter Ulonnis, 422 Austin avenue;
Thomas Johnstone, 1757 Ellis street;
Bernard F. Warinbold, 732 Ivy ave
nue; John H. Brown, 841 Shrader
street; Allyn S. Folger. 2148 Union
street; Samuel P. Holden, 2019
I/eavenworth street; Edgar W. Hinkel,
608 Waller street; Lulgi Brichetti. 428
Devisadero street; Thomas B. Evans,
Ifo6 Vailejo street, and George H.
Buckingham, corner of Jones and
Bush streets.
The prosecution asked each tales
man if he was personally acquainted
with Wyman. Commissioner Maes
tretti, or Abe Ruef. Attorney Country
man for the defense inquired of each,
"Are you a member of the Merchants'
Association or the Citizens' Alliance?"
In challenging Rodney C. Pell, a mem
ber of the Merchants' Association,
Countryman declared that each and
every member of that organization was
prejudiced against his client. He
wanted to prove this by asking Attor
neys Hosmer and Wright, for the
prosecution, whether or not they were
being paid by the Merchants' Associa
tion. One talesman, Thomas B. Evan,
said that he was interested in the case
because some one had voted his name
at a primary election held fifteen years
ago. Nevertheless he was selected as
a juror. George H. Buckingham, a
pawnbroker, is a member of the Citi
zens' Alliance, knows Abe Ruef and all
the attorneys and witnesses on both
sides, but he was not objected to.
After the jurors were selected, 'Dis
trict Attorney Byington read the
charges that the prosecution would at
tempt to prove. Little progress was
made in the case otherwise. The peti
tions of the State Central Committee
and of the Republican County Com
mittee were read. Countryman ob
jected to either being recorded as
evidence. The court overruled the
objection to the first and will con
sider the second at 10 o'clock to-day,
when the trial will be resumed.
Eyes Itch, Blur, Smart or Burn?
George Mayerle'a Eyewater clears misty or
blurring eyes, strengthens weak eyes, cures
painful, Itching, discharging or sore eyes and
floating spots, feeling like sand In eyes; rests
tired eyes. At reliable druggists or from George
Mayerle, optician, 1071 % Market St., San Fran
cisco, 60c; by mall, 02e. •
"Luck Versus Pluck."
H. Welnstock lectured at the Young
Men's Christian Association last night
on the subject of "Luck Versus Pluck."
He said that our captains of Industry
owed their success to two fortunate
circumstances. They achieved their
success because they were born poor
and because they had no Influential
friends. The man who believes the
world owes him a living trusts to luck,
and waits for the opportunity to come.,
The man with pluck rolls up his shirt
sleeves, goes to work and makes hia
own opportunity.
Burnett's Extract of Vanilla in the
leader all the world over. Use no other.
OBTAINS CIGARS BT CXJBVBR RUSE.—
Henry Grlbsl, a boy 17 years old. was arrested
last night and charged with petty larceny. He
is charged with obtaining 900 cigars" from
wholesale houses by representing that he had
been sent for them by retail dealers. He dis
posed of the booty to Domenlck Flgone of 7
Fourth street, who has been arrested and
charged by Detectives Armstrong and Coleman
with receiving stolen goods.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4. 1905.
Finance Committee
Probes Printers'
Bills.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
yesterday resumed its inquiry into the
charge of $400 made by A. Carlisle, for
printing an "election officers' guide"
which was ordered by. the Election
Commission, the charge being deemed
excessive by the committee.
It developed that the firm has al
ready received $1200 for the work, the
$400 representing an unpaid balance on
20,000 pamphlets at eight cents each.
Supervisor Payot figured that four
cents per pamphlet would be a fair
charge.
"It seems to me," said Payot, "that i
instead of the city paying $400 more for
the work the printer should return
$300 of the he received.
The price is exorbitant and I for one
will never vote to pay it."
"We have always had trouble In
having our printing done," said .Elec
tion Commissioner Leffingwell. I "In
fact, we know that there has been a
printing ring in existence which has
succeeded in keeping up the prices. ;
When we advertised for printing our
indexes the ring bid. B*6 cents. We re- |
Jected the bid because it was too high.
When he readvertised one of the print- ;
lng firms broke away from the com
bine and Dut in a bid-for 2.72 cents."
Carlisle explained that 20 per cent
of the charge was for royalty on pho
tographs of instructions to voters how
to mark ballots.
The committee thereupon decided to
take the matter under advisement, but
expressed itself against the city paying i
for royalties.
The Board of Works filed a formal
recommendation with the Supervisors
that upon the sale of bonds for the
improvement of accepted streets the ,
work of reconstructing the main sewer
in Mission street from Second to East
street and also the widening and pav
lng of the roadway of Mission street i
from East street to Ninth with basalt
blocks on a concrete foundation with
asphaltic grouting be ordered. Hart
land Law, on the part of Mission street
property owners, has agreed to bid for
$200,000 worth of the bonds, that being
the estimated cost of the improvement. !
on condition that the work be done by i
the city.
The amended ordinance prohibiting
the keeping of swine within the city
and county limits except in that por
tion known as Butchertown was
passed to print.
The Mayor's veto of the amended or
dinance permitting the reconstruction
of stables without the consent of prop
erty owners was referred to the Fire
Committee.
The petition of the Police Depart
ment that an ordinance be adopted al
lowing no one to conduct a detective
or police bureau without first securing
a permit from the Police Commission
was referred to the Police Committee.
Certain documents accompanied the
petition relating to the United States
Mercantile Detective Police Bureau
and to the alleged reprehensible con
duct of one of its agents.
The proposed amended ordinance to
permit the use of California oil asphal
tum in street work was referred to the
Street Committee.
JEALOUS TEAMSTER RESENTS
MAN'S VISIT TO HIS WIFE
Draws Revolver and Fires Shot at
Visitor Frank Harris, Bullet
Grazing Shoulder.
Jealousy was the cause of a shoot
ing affray at 402% Sixth street short
ly before 11 o'clock yesterday morn
ing. W. R. Worthington, a teamster,
has objected to a young man named
Frank Harris of 120 Sixth street
calling upon his wife. Harris called
yesterday morning and Mrs. Worth
ington opened the door for him and
they went into the parlor, where
Mrs. Worthington's mother joined
them.
While they were talking Worthing
ton, who had been In a room upstairs
with two friends, Edward Danson and
a man known as Charley, came down
stairs, followed by the two men. They
entered the parlor and Worthington
called Harris an offensive name and
asked him what he was doing in his
house. Without waiting for a reply
Worthington ran out of the room an<J
returned in a few seconds. Worthing*
ton struck Harris and Harris re
taliated. Worthington pulled a re*
volver out of his pocket and fired a
shot at Harris, the bullet grazing
Harris' left shoulder.
Harris went to a grocery at Folsom
and Sixth streets and telephoned to
the police, and Detective Cody and Po
liceman J. A. Ryan were detailed on
the case and arrested Worthington
and Danson on Harrison street. They
were taken to the City Prison and
charged with assault to murder. Char*
ley made his escape. Harris had his
wounded shoulder dressed at the Cen*
tral Emergency Hospital and went to
the prison, where he identified Worth
ington and Danson.
WANT ELECTRIC SYSTEM
IN PLACE OF CABLE LINE
Western Addition Improvement Club
Adopts Resolutions Asking For
Better Street Car Service,
The Western Addition Improvement
Club met last night to consider how to
bring about the modernizing of the
railway system on Pacific avenue, Sut
ter street and Larkin street. The
meeting was the outcome of a rumor
that the United Railroads intended to
reconstruct the Sutter street system,
allowing it to remain a cable road.
The members of the club claim that
there are no grades on the route that
prohibit an electric system. They
adopted a series of resolutions asking
for a more modern service. The reso
lutions will be forwarded to the
Board of Supervisors and to the rail
road officials.
The following officers were elected
by the club: O. M. Golarucena, presi
dent; Louis T. Samuels,/vice president;
John and N. B.
Greensfelder, secretary.
Oppose Tax On Sweet Wines.
The California Viticultural Club will
hold a meeting- at Mechanics' Institute
Hall at 10 o'clofck to-morrow morning
for the purpose of protesting against
the imposition of a tax of Aye cents
a gallon upon sweet wines as recom
mended by Commissioner Yerkes of
the Internal Revenue Bureau. The
promoters of the meeting say that the
tax would injure one of California's
industries in which there is in
vested over $30,000,000.
PALO ALTO GAS COMPANY.—Articles of
incorporation were filed with the County Clerk
yesterday by the Palo Alto Gas Company. The
capital stock is $100,000, of which $100 each
has been subscribed by H. P. Eberhard, E. W.
McSwan, H. J. Quinn, W. F. Hayward and D
O. Druffel. all of Santa Clara,
WOMAN ABANDONED REBELS
AND DISTURBS THE PEACE
Teds Her Troubfes to Two Policemen
flan Whom She Raised to Wealth
Coldly Turns Her Away.
Three times within as many consecu
tive hours last Sunday night were Pa
trolmen Brown and Holmes summoned
to restore peace to 630 Sacramento
street ere they effected the restoration
by removing to prison Mrs. Albertina
Gambiah and her consort, Joseph Aebi,
owner of a saloon at 534 Kearny street.
The man had thrice ejected the woman
from his apartment, and It was her
frantic.pounding of the locked door and
his loudly uttered threats of violence if
she did not desist that routed slumber
from the lodging-house.
According to the tale told by the
woman to the policemen and by them
recounted to Judge Mogan her refusal
to passively submit to a severance of
the relationship which had existed be
tween Aebi and herself for more than
a dozen years was at the bottom of
their Quarrel. All his worldly prosper
ity was owing to her, she alleged, and
he did not care very much how she be
came possessed of money so long as she
helped him. As her personal charms
faded hs waked In pecuniary independ
ence, until he deemed It desirable to
cast her off. She managed a lodging
house on Kearny street until the evi
dences of his ingratitude and lapsed af
fection affected her mind and friends
induced her to retire from business and
seek rest. Last July she went to reside
with the family of Rudolph Jaeger, 1625
Chestnut street, "West Berkeley. Ef
forts to dispel her melancholia proved
futile, and one day she attempted to
commit suicide by throwing herself
from a window. Since then there has
been no marked improvement of Aebl's
treatment of her. In the forty-third
year of her age she is Impecunious and
feels that her life has been a mistake.
Meantime the man for love of whom
she erred is acquiring riches.
"The old story," sighed the Judge.
Then he pronounced Aebl guilty of
peace disturbance and remanded the
woman for further hearing. Her reason
is apparently upset.
• * •
Joseph Hill produced two witnesses
to prove that his duel with Gus Nelson,
the weapons being tin horns, was no
more of his fault than of his adver
sary's. They met on Market street
early Sunday morning and tooted at
each other until they began fighting,
but who struck the first blow was such
a mystery to Judge Cabanlss that he
dismissed the charge of battery which
Mr. Nelson had entered against Mr.
Hill.
• a *
Frank Barrow celebrated the advent
of 1905 by hauling unattached and un
loaded vehicles to Dupont and Sacra
mento streets and sending them whirl
ing down the steep declivity of the lat
ter thoroughfare, to the great danger
of pedestrians. Judge Conlan gave him
I thirty days.
• » •
Both the complaining saloonkeeper,
Mr. Ireland, tnd the arresting police
man, Mr. Walsh, averred that Her
man Kanaga's veins must be filled
with fish blood instead of the warm,
red fluid that courses through the av
erage human system.
"Of all the cold propositions that I
ever heard of or read about, much less
have seen," said Patrolman Walsh,
"this chap Is the coldest. He is an ani
mated refrigerator."
Mr. Ireland went even further than
that by suggesting that Mr. Kanaga
was a corpse and didn't know It. "For
no living being." said Mr. Ireland,
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
"could be as chilly as that fellow and
continue to live."
The testimony went to show that in |
Mr. Ireland's barroom at Fulton street j
and Eighth avenue is a large coal stove j
that has been kept at a high degree of
heat ever since the atmospheric tem
perature began to need artificial stim
ulation. With the advent of the cool
snap there drifted into Mr. Ireland's
place Mr. Kanaga, who no sooner saw
the radiator of heat and felt its genial
influence than he conceived for it a
mostadhesiTeattachment Seating him- ;
self as close to it as the safety of his
tattered apparel would permit, he re- j
mained there, with teeth chattering I
and limbs ashiver, until Mr. Ireland,
whose natural kindness of heart was
enhanced by the spirit of the holiday
season, feared that his unbidden guest
was ill as well as unkempt and desti
tute and offered to send him to a hos
pital. But 'he fear was groundless.
Mr. Kanaga was simply cold. He had
been cold as long as he could remem
ber, he said, and nothing on this earth
could make him as warm as he de- ;
sired. How he would fare after he left
this earth gave him no concern. He |
was not an atheist, but systematically
endeavored to live with the reckless i
disregard of the hereafter exhibited by i
the followers of that cult.
Day after day Mr. Kanaga almost !
hugged the stove, until he became an
eyesore to Mr. Ireland and was re- j
quested to transfer his affection to
■one other medium of imparting heat,
hut when he obeyed it was only to re- j
turn at earliest opportunity and renew I
his wooing. It was as a dernier ressort
that his arrest was ordered.
Mr. Kanaga expressed inability to ex- ,
plain his chronic coldness to Judge ;
Mogan, who appeared much interested |
in the phenomenon. In reply to queries i
MARKS BROS.
CLEARING OUT
WINTER GOODS
—AT—
Sfl RON THE DOLLAR
WE'RE FORCED to make THIS SACRI
riCK, AS WE MUST have SPACE for
SPRING GOODS.
WE'LL MENTION four of our CLEAR
ANCE SPECIALS. WE'LL TELL TOU
of others when TOU CALL.
SACQUB. Ilk* cut. come* la all SIZES,
and COLORS; FRONT. SLEEVES and
COLLAR trimmed with a hand-crocheted
design of worsted.
FLANNELETTE PETTICOAT, ltka cut,
made with DEEP FLOUNCE SCALLOP
ED IN SILK.
The Home of Honest Values
1220-1324 Market, St>.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Great
Alteration
Sale
Now in Progress
SPECIAL BARGAINS
...IN ALL...
DEPARTMENTS
Doors open 9 a. m.; close 5 p. m.
-*^ /^^^^ r *^s>
ill to 121 Post Street L^y
he said that his father was neither an
iceman nor an Arctic explorer, nor
was there any characteristic on the
maternal side that would warrant as
sumption of prenatal influence. If the
Jail were kept warrrt he would not ob
ject to spending as long a term there as
the court might prescribe, as he had
abandoned all hope of finding a com
fortable temperature elsewhere. The
closest he had ever come to realizing
what warmth meant was while he
dallied with Mr. Ireland's stove.
His case is under judicial considera
tion.
• • •
Frank Maguire and R. A. Gulllo also
battled with tin horns on Market street.
Mr. Guillo was with a party of his
friends, and in Mr. Maguire's company
was a young lady. She placed the wide
end of her horn at Mr. Guillo's ear,
with evident intent to blow a blast
therein, when he threw up one of his
arms to shove the instrument aside,
and thus his flst struck her face. There
upon she struck Mr. Guillo with her
horn, and when he attempted to re
taliate in kind his head was punched
by Mr. Maguire. The two gentlemen
clinched and were arrested. Judge Fritz
discharged them, with a caution to be
have themselves in a more orderly way
next New Year's eve.
• • •
On behalf of the five charitable In
stitutions among which he has divided
the money. Judge Cabaniss publicly
tenders thanks to "E. L.," from whom
he received by mail a $50 bill, "as a
token of appreciation." If the Judge
were aware ot "E. L.'s" identity, he
would have expressed his gratitude In
a personal letter, but the cash would
have gone to charity, just the same.
• » »
C. H. Toung was serving as "look
out" for a crap game at the bookmak
ers' ball when a policeman overhauled
him and In his possession found a
large dirk, so for neglecting to looK
out for his own safety as well as that
of the dice throwers, Mr. Young will
spend a term in prison which is to De
fixed by Judge Fritz.
• • *
Holm Saveraud had two big knives
concealed on his person when Paci
nian King arrested him for disturbing
the peace of a Mexican baile at Ma
son street and Broadway. He will be
sentenced by Judge Conlan.
• * •
William Betts was managing a
"blind pig" in one of the small rooms
connected with a dancing academy on
Market street when a vigilant police
man arrested him for selling hquor
without a license. It was explained
to Judge Morgan that Mr. Betts was
permitted to dispense "soft liquids to
the patrons of the place, but exceeded
his privilege by supplying intoxicants
to persons in whose discretion he
trusted. The graudual acquirement of
inebriety by several gentlemen who
did not leave the hall last Saturday
night aroused the suspicion of the pry
ing noliceman and resulted in Mr.
Bptts' arrest. The defense will be
heard next Saturday.
Mrs. Lillie Skmsel of 317 Golden Gate
avenue and her young daughter. Miss
Ernestine, were inspecting shop win
dows on Kearny, street, near Market,
last Saturday afternoon, and stopped:
to gaze at some articles of feminine
apparel displayed behind plate glass.
"I wonder if we couldn't get some
shirtwaist bargains in there." qunth
Mrs. Skinsel. and ere Miss Ernestine
could respond a masculine voice ex
claimed:
"Guess you can. kids."
The speaker was Fred Lake, un
known to the ladles, but evidently
eager to become acquainted with them,
for he smirked at them familiarly—
especially at Miss Ernestine. Mrs.
Skinsel glared at him and Miss Ernes
tine also gave him a glance expres
sive of contempt. Bat he did not wilt.
When the ladies resumed their walk
he followed them and slyly attempted
to thrust a note into the eld's hand.
She promptly reported the act of im
pudence to her mother, who summoned
a policeman and turned the indiscreet
masher into custody.
Judge Cabaniss is giving himself
time to thlnß out a penalty flt for the
offense committed by Mr. Lake, who is
about 23 years of age and ordinary
looking.
» m m
Joseph Smith, who shot and killed
Joseph McGowan, will take the stand
to-day before Judge Mogan and tell his
story of the tragedy. The hearing is
set for 11 o'clock.
DIED FROM ASPHYXIATION. — Harriet
Saundes, the woman who Inhaled Illuminating
gat at 848 Howard street on last Monday, died
at the Emergency Hospital yesterday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OUR
ANNUAL
CLEARANCE
• • .SALE. • •
..Begins..
Tuesday. January 3d '
Discount on
Everything
S.& G.Gump Co.
113 Geary St.
A. P. HOTALING & CO.,
439-437 Jackson St., S. F.
£ways Remember the Full /i§me
axativa Rromo Quinine
Cares a Cold in One Day, Crip in 2 DaysPages 13 to 18
PflVflßlflYVD'Q OPINION 0N MANY MATTERS 0F GREAT IMPORTANCE TQ THE MTjlQCljipfl
UU f lillllUil U GOLDEN STATE ARE ABLY PLACED BEFORE THE PUBLIC IN HIS IUIiUuAUjLI
#. — : +
THE biennial message of Governor George C. Pardee was read to the Senate and Assembly yesterday. The document contains 23,000
words and is an exhaustive review of the conditions existing in the State as observed by the Governor since his inception into office
two years ago. The message contains many recommendations to the legislators, many of which, if acted upon, will result in a great
change in the conduct of State affairs. Notable among these are the Governor's recommendations concerning the schools of the State,
the prisons and the National Guard. The message also contains a complete statement of the need of California for an extensive irri
gation system and a statement of the needs of the forest reserve. v
EXECUTIVE PRAISES WORK
OF THE LAST LEGISLATURE
Solons Make Laws That Survive
Attack on Their Legality.
ACKNOWLEDGED EVILS CORRECTED
Following is the message sent by
Governor George C. Pardee to the
thirty-sixth sessibn of the California
Legislature:
Executive Department, State of Cali
fornia, Sacramento, Jan. 2, 1905.
To the Senate and Assembly;
Gentlemen—The Constitution of Cali
fornia commands that the Governor
shall communicate by message to the
Legislature at every session the condi
tion of the State, and shall recom
mend the enactment of such legislation
as he may deem expedient. Accord
ingly, I have the honor respectfully to
transmit to and to lay before your
honorable bodies my biennial message
for the years 1903 and 1904.
In common with other States of our
Union, California has. during the last
two years, enjoyed great material pros
perity. Our many industries and inter
est? have prospered. Employment has
been steady and. in most localities,
abundant. Wages have averaged as
good as ever before, crop returns have
been at least normal, and prices of
products have, on the whole, been re
munerative.
With <-«pc-Sal respect to California,
not only has our State been a liberal
sharer in the prosperity of the nation,
but it has enjoyed an abundant and in
dependent prosperity. Our cities and
towns have increased steadily and even
. rapidly in 'population and accumulated
wealth; our larger areas of farming
lands have, in large measure, been
subdivided into holdings of moderate
size and sold at prices which have been
within the reach of men of moderate
means. 4 To a greater extent than ever
before, at least in the northern and
central portions' of the State, new farms
have been established and green
alfalfa meadows and orchards now
greet thS eye where a few years ago
only grain fields filled the landscape.
Separated as California is from the
more thickly populated portions of our
common country by hundreds of miles
of semi-arid mountain and plain, it is
marvelous to- see how our State has
drawn to itself tens of thousands of en
thusiastic home-seekers who have come
to cast their lots with us. Although
th»r means of travel have proven some
what expensive and not a little tedious>
•yen in these days of palace cars and
swift-rolling trains, the tide of immi
gration is still setting our way and
will continue so to flow so long as we
extend an unfailing hospitality toward
it. Our snowless winters, our intensified,
divers-Tied and yet highly specialized
agricultural pursuits are proving irre
sistible to thousands who find Eastern
summers exhausting, winters trying,
. and the production of a few staple pro
. ducts, year after year, uninviting.
Our State is no longer looked upon as
a land of unbelievable legends and un
realizable prophecies. The eyes of the
world are turned in our direction as
never before sirrce the discovery of
gold.
The future is big with promise for
California. The splendid exhibit of
products made at St. Louis has proven
conclusive as to the claims our immi
gration literature has set forth. Cali
fornia has made goo-d for all that has
been claimed, and her achievement bids
fair to rival the dreams of those who,
loving California, have prophesied in
verse and oratory of her coming great
ness. It only remains for Californians
to put aside individual and local jeal
ousies and unite in helping forward
everything that is likely to prove good
for the commonwealth to make us all
sharers in a prosperity hitherto unpar
alleled. God has been good to us; let
us be good to each other, whether of
the north or the south, city or country,
mountain or valley. Let us be all for
one and one for all.
In meeting the Legislature for a sec
ond time I wish to congratulate the
members upon the opportunity which
they possess to benefit their constitu
ents by a serious devotion to duty dur
ing the next two months. They can
benefit them by exercising economy in
making necessary appropriations and
by vigilance in preventing appropria
tions which are not necessary. They
can further serve their, constituents by
seeing to it that none but useful laws
and those carefully framed shall be
passed. Loose and careless laws fill
the courts with litigation and impose
a heavy burden upon all crasses of cit
izens.
Yet to guard against the passage of
such laws is no easy task, when during
a session of sixty days fifteen or eight
een hundred bills are Introduced which
must be read, printed, examined in
committee, reported and voted on. So
many of these bills as are unwise or
are unnecessary are stumbling blocks
in the way of the passage of measures
• which are needed. It would be no small
legislative reform If some means could
be found to impose a check upon the
introduction of a multitude of bills
which will never accomplish any other
purpose than to waste the State's
money when they are printed, or to
cumber the flies when they are re
ported.
That the work of the Legislature is
so well done, when the disadvantages
under which it Is conducted are con
sidered, is remarkable, and shows how
THE M CALL
much earnest, intelligent effort is ex
pended at each session- The biennial
statute book, which embodies, in four
or five hundred pages, the net results
of the session, may contain much that
is unimportant and that which is im
portant may be marked by imperfec
tions; but it enables the public busi
ness to be carried on anG there is a
large balance of good over bad. The
numberless interests affected and the
ri'pid changes In conditions under
which business is done render unavoid
able many alterations in the statutes.
And yet it is very true that every need
less law enacted is a detriment and
the making of many minor changes at
frequent intervals is to be deprecated.
A more thorough revision at greater
intervals would be much better.
COURTS SUSTAIN'
THE ACTS OF THE
LAST LEGISLATURE
I am happy to state that the legisla
tion of the last session appears to have
been, in the main, sound in purpose
and reasonably correct. With one or
two exceptions no acts have been de
clared by the courts to be unconstitu
tional and on the other hand many
acknowledged evils were corrected.
This was done, for example, in the
amendment of the ballot law, which
previously had been so framed that
many citizens had, through ignorance
or carelessness, lost their votes. Under
the act authorizing the use of ballot
machines several counties introduced
the machines and their operation ap
pears to have been successful.
The law in relation to insanity and
the hospitals for the insane, which
theretofore had been very defective,
was revised and in its new form has
obviated most of the former difficulties.
I think I may also enumerate among
the clearly beneficial acts of the late
session the one altering the law of
divorce, requiring the entering of an
interlocutory decree and postponing for
a year the time when a divorced person
may remarry.
At the same session several acts
were passed in the interest of labor,
including one which regulated em
ployment agencies. The probation and
juvenile court laws enacted were in
tended to save from the prisons and
from lives of crime many young men
and boys who, although they have
taken first steps in .vice, are not irre
claimable. The act providing a way
to improve the common school text
books by buying the right to use
copyrighted texts promises to be pro
ductive of much good.
I especially advisJS the utmost care
in the framing of statutes to avoid
technical defects, which will defeat
their purpose. Two years ago I felt
obliged to refuse to sign a number of
bills otherwise meritorious which were
so faultily framed that it would not
have been safe to let them become
laws.
A subject closely connected with the
above fs the California codes, to which
at every session of the Legislature
many amendments are proposed. It
is now more than thirty years since
the codes were adopted, the principal
object at the time being to rescue the
law from the uncertainty of many
conflicting statutes and decisions. It
was recognized that there were ob
jections to the code system, and in
practical operation it does not realize
all that was claimed for it by its ad
vocates; but it has been a great im
provement upon what existed before
and no one proposes its abandonment.
But it is well known that the codes
have not been improved and perfected
to the extent they should be, and at
each session many general statutes are
passed embodying matter which ought
to be incorporated in the codes. The
Intetgrity of the codes should be re
spected and the system kept as sym
metrical as possible.
I desire to call the attention of the
Legislature to the improved financial
condition of the State treasury. Two
years ago It was clearly foreseen that
the general fund would run short be
fore the next succeeding collection of
taxes. In order to prevent this condi
tion becoming chronic and to make it
possible to replenish the treasury it
became necessary for the Legislature
to provide for a tax levy in excess of
that which would have been required
had the one fixed in the year 1902 not
been so far below what the actual ap
propriations called for. This excess
for the year 1903-04 amounted to 6
cents on the $100, and for 1904-05 to
nearly as much.
But before the taxes for 1903-04
were collected the expected had hap
pened, for the general fund ran short
and borrowing from other funds was
unavoidable. On June 30, 1903, the
balance in the general fund was only
$432,415 74. with five months' ex
penses to be met before taxes would
again flow into the treasury. This
small balance was soon exhausted and
it became necessary on July 31, 1903,
to borrow from other funds the sum
of $921,000, and again on November
5 to borrow the further sum of $447,
--000. This, as the State Controller
Urges Legislators to Exercise Economy and Thus Prevent
Appropriations That Are Not at All Necessary.
points out in his biennial report, was
a condition such a* had not before
arisen for nearly a decade, and it was,
as before said, to* prevent its
rence that the Legislature ordered a
larger tax levy than the appropria
tions demanded.
The effect *©f this levy is shown by
the vastly different condition of the
general fund on June 30, 1904, which
on that date contained $2,058,610 11,
v sum more than sufficient to meet all
prospective demands.
, The State of California, like other
solvent institutions, should maintain a
credit balance large enough to guar
antee it against having to practice un
usual and unsafe methods of financier
ing. More especially is it wise to carry
a credit balance if it can be made a
means of profit, as, in another part of
this message, I suggest can be done
by adopting the deposit plan.
IMPROVEMENTS
.MADE IN PROPERTY
OWNED BY STATE
As an appendix to this message there
lls printed a table which shows the
j amounts of money appropriated at the
j last session for buildings and other
j improvements in connection with State
j institutions; also the amounts expend
jed from such appropriations to date
! and the amounts expended from con-
I tingent funds for the same general pur
| poses. The total of appropriations
I made two years ago for betterments
| was 5800.800. and by adding to this
■ $76,362 21 of former appropriations un
expended, the State had an aggregate
of appropriations for betterments equal
to $877,162 21 to use during the bien
nium. Of this there has been actually
expended to date $685,742 61, to which
must be added the sum of $108,200 85,
which has been drawn from contingent
funds and used for betterments. This
makes an aggregate of $793,943 46 spent
for betterments in the last two calen
dar years.
As the whole amount of appropria
tions from all funds made at the last
session was $7,733,840 73, the proportion
which went for actual improvements
was about 10 per,cent. The expendi
tures made have been highly beneficial
to many of the Institutions of the
State. At the San Diego Normal School
a west wing has been added to the
main building; the Los Angeles, Chico
and San Jose normal schools have also
benefited through construction or re
pairs; the new building of the Southern
California State Hospital is well ad
vanced toward completion; the assem-
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1905.
bly h*ll of the Mendocino State Hospi
tal Is partially finished and at the
Stockton, Agnews and Napa hospitals
more or less extensive improvements
have been made; for the Home for
Feeble-Minded Children $52,500 was ap
propriated and the result is much im
proved conditions at that institution,
Which is, however, still so lacking in
accommodations that many applica
tions for admission are necessarily de
nied.
Extensive improvements have been
made at the Veterans' Home, the ma
chinery in the State Printing Office has
received important additions and Cali
fornia Hall at the university for which
$250,000 was appropriated, is nearing
completion. A good deal of construc
tion work has been done at the Cali
fornia Polytechnic School in San JLuis
Obispo.
The needs of the State in the way of
new buildings are numerous, but they
can be supplied only gradually. A
certain amount of new construction
can be provided for out of each tax
levy, but many meritorious building
enterprises must await the time when
the funds can be spared.
One of the pieces of legislation of the
last session which has been followed by
good results is the act authorizing the
purchase of municipal and school dis
trict bonds for the permanent school
fund, which previous to that time could
be invested only in bonds of the United
States, the State and the counties.
These classes of securities were difficult
to procure except by paying \ high
price, more particularly since the law
as It then stood practically rendered it
necessary to buy bonds through brok
ers. The new law, by authorizing the
State Board of Examiners to bid direct
without depositing a certified check, has
enabled the making of first-hand pur
chases, while at the same time the field
of investment has been enlarged.
The effect Is noticeable in a closer in
vestment of school funds and also in a
somewhat higher average rate of inter
est on the bonds purchased. On June
30. 1903, there was 51,262,574 64 in the
State school land fund awaiting invest
ment, and a year later this had been
reduced to 5792.128 98. By further pur
chases this had been cut down to ap
proximately 5495,000 on December L
1904, and when certain investments
now in view are made practically all
available funds will be Invested and
drawing interest.
On the bonds bought between the
years 1899 and 1902 the average rate of
interest was 4.45 per cent, but the pre
miums paid reduced the net income to
the State to 3.58. For 1903-04 the aver
age rate of interest on the bonds pur
chased has been 4.107 per cent and the
net income has been 4.07 per cent,
showing how closely the new law en
ables the State to buy. The Income
from these bonds is used for the sup
port of the public schools, and the fund
now amounts in round numbers to 55,
--000,000.
STATISTICS SHOW
HOW STATE FUNDS
AE E DISTRIBUTED
I am indebted to the State Controller
j for a valuable statistical compilation
which shows at a glance how the dis
bursements on account of the State
government are divided between the
main branches of expenditure. Classi
fied under eleven heads, the expendi
tures are given both by aggregates and
by percentages:
Purpose— Amount. Per cent.
Legislative $310,493 42 . 0297
Judicial 202.035 46 .02801
Administratee offices.. 214,064 14 . 02CC
Boards and commissions 1,119,642 OR .10T17
Education 4.407,967 23 . 422
Hospitals 1.190.480 41 .114
Penal and reformatory.. 836,878 70 . 0901
Orphans 602,862 55 .0481
National Guard 170,823 66 .01H3
Counties' portion of
railway tax 861,592 58 .0824
Miscellaneous 638,438 23 .0515
Total $10,446,773 36 . 99983
EXPENDITURES—FfaTTY-FIFTH FISCAL.
YE Art.
Purpose— Amount. Per cent.
I Judicial $297,491 91 .0248
Administrative offices.. 342,075 20 .02857
Hoards and commissions 1.277.534 00 .10652
Education 5.057,972 35 .4*17
Hospitals 1,231,261 90 .10266
Penal and reformatory.. 757.349 65 . 06314
Orphans 480,278 82 .04
National Guard 154,729 76 .0129
Counties' portion of
railway tax 857,979 40 . 07154
Miscellaneous 1.535.898 84 .12806
Total $11,993,171 78 .99989
In the following table there is shown
the per capita cost of maintenance of
inmates of a number of State institu
tions for last year, as nearly as can
be ascertained:
Average Cost
Average per Capita
Number per Diem,
Institution— of Inmates, in Cents.
Folsom Prison 810.52 44.15
San Quentin Prison 1,495 7-12 :;i. 12
Whittier Reform School. 336 79.1
Preston Sch'l of Ind'stry 150 90.1
Home for Adult Blind.. 120 64.21
Deaf Dumb and Blind
Asylum 223.50 75.6
Stockton State Hospital. 1,586.50 8R.42
Napa State Hospital 1.472.50 39.84
Agnews State Hospital.. 1,031.50 59.84
Mendocino State Hosp'tl 623 47.36
Southern Calif rnla State
Hospital 739 50.24
Home for Feeble-Mlnded 520 49.11
With regard to this table it ought
CALIFORNIA GETS SHARE
OF THE NATION'S PROSPERITY
Eves of the World Turned Toward
Land of Perpetual Sunshine.
♦
WEST IS MECCA OF HOMESEEKERS
to be said that any inference drawn |
from a comparison of different classes
of institutions with respect to rela
tive cost of maintenance is likely to be
erroneous, because the objects aimed
at and the conditions under which the
institutions are conducted are so dif
ferent. The only comparisons which
properly can be made are between in
stitutions of the same class in this
State or between those of this State
and those of other States, and even
then other factors besides economy of
management enter into the result.
Usually the per capita rate of expense
of maintenance dimishes as the num
ber of inmates increase, because the
cost of administration is relatively less
in a large hospital or prison.
In general it may be said that our
public institutions are as economically
conducted as those of other leading i
States. The per capita cost of the |
four State prisons of New York is 41.2 j
cents per day, as compared with an j
average of 37.6 cents for the two Cali
fornia prisons. The State of New
York, which has 25,000 insane persons j
in its hospitals, maintains these insti
tutions at an average per capita cost
of 4 4.3 cents per day, as compared «
with an average cost for California L
hospitals of 42.7. The State Home for]
Feeble-minded Children in Syracuse,
K. V., reports a per capita cost of 49
cents daily, which is almost exactly
the same as that of the institution at
Eldridge.
The per capita expense of main
tei ance at Folsom prison is ordinarily
about 35 cents per day; during the
earlier part of the fiscal year 1903-04
the number of prisoners had run down
to less than 700. which raised the per
capita cost above the ordinary; since
then there has been a large increase in
the prison population. Moreover,
some of the extraordinary expendi
tures caused by the break of July 27,
1?03. have been included in figuring
out the per capita expense for last
year.
FI NDS OF STATE
SHOULD BE KEPT
IX CIRCULATION
The State of California pursues a
policy different from that of a ma
jority of the States by keeping public
funds in its own vaults, thereby lock
ing up a large amount of money, in
stead of making deposits in the banks.
By following the deposit plan the
money is permitted to circulate in the
channels of trade until needed to meet
claims against the treasury. The drain
of money at certain periods of the
year, when State, county and city gov
ernments are all collecting taxes, is
a heavy one, and it has long been a
cause of complaint in California that
ar these times business is embarrassed
by the large reduction In the circulate
ing medium.
It was a step in the right direction
when the law was passed, some years
ago, making State and county taxes
payable in two installments instead of
one, because this reduced the amount
of money locked up at any one time;
but it would be an additional benefit
to the business community if the
greater part of the funds belonging
to the State could at all times be kept
in the channels of trade. The pay
ment of taxes may be a hardship upon
property owners under the most favor
able circumstances, but it becomes a
needlessly grievous burden when It Is
made the means of locking up so much
of the money which is the life of trade.
But this is not the only way in which
the hoarding of funds is expensive to
the State, since the money represents
so much earning power lost; it could
be, and should be, made to turn into
the treasury annually quite a large
sum collected as interest. The balance
in the State Treasury, in ordinary
years, ranges from $2,500,000 to $7,000,
--000, and for the last five years has
averaged $4,000,000. The ordinary in
terest rate on daily balances paid by
the banks is two per cent, and on
$4,000,000 this would amount to $80,000
a year—enough to sustain one of the
State institutions, or to reduce the an
nual tax rate nearly two-thirds of a
cent. If the money can be loaned
safely, and this interest earned, it
shows poor business judgment to go
on sacrificing so large a sum.
As has been said before, California
is one of the smaller number of States
which keep their money in their own
vaults. Of the forty-eight States and
Territories, according to recent statis
tics, thirty-nine pursue the policy of
depositing their funds in bank, with
such precautions for safety as they
think will insure them against loss.
The history of the State deposit sys
tem shows that it has always been
safe when proper security has been
required by law. Banks receiving
State funds should be compelled to de
posit in the treasury securities—pre
ferably United States. State, county
or municipal bonds—sufficient in
amount to guarantee the State against
the possibility of loss.
Several Treasurers of this State have
pointed out the unwisdom of the
hoarding policy. Hon. W. g. Greene,
in his report for 1899, said:
Pages 13 to 18
I feel that I would not be doing- my whole
duty If I did not call attention to the fact
that California Is still following- the method
of collecting money semi-annually from th«
pecple and storing it up like old junk, whea
the object, and only object, of money is cir
culation. • • • L'pon thorough consideration
and investigation I am of the opinion that a.
system of State and county depositories ought
to be established.
Honorable J. R. McDonald, who was
Treasurer from 1891 to 1895, said in one
of his reports:
I have never been able to see the necessity
or propriety of the State having- two or three
million dollars piled up in her vaults year
after year, without any benefit to the State
and positive detriment to the people.
The present Treasurer, Honorable
Truman Reeves, entertains the same
views, and, referring; to the deposit
plan, he writes:
I am in favor of the idea, provided a law
is framed whereby the funds can be safe
guarded so as to eliminate the absolute pos
sibility of lots to the State and if possible to
keep the office of State Treasurer out of
politics.
In view of these opinions, and bear
ing in mind that such great States as
New York, Pennsylvania and Massa
chusetts have pursued the deposit plan
for many years, receiving large sums
foe interest, and losing nothing even
wrr«*:WiMPi*&v* failed, it appears
that we ought, as soon as it can oh
done, to substitute for our present
practice one more consonant with busi
ness thrift and judgment. If this can
be done by statute merely, it is a sim
ple matter; if a constitutional amend
ment shall be held to be necessary, the
object to be attained is worth the
trouble it will cost.
TAXATION SYSTEM
WAS IN NEED OF
RADICAL CHANGE
In my inaugural address, two years
ago, I expressed the belief that the
time was near at hand when the peo
ple of California should consider the
question whether they ought not to
introduce radical changes in their rev
enue and taxation laws, especially in
relation to the raising of revenue for
State purposes. The main reasons for
this belief were the escape from taxa
tion of large amounts of personal prop
erty and the difficulties which will al
ways exist in securing under the pres
ent arrangement a fair assessment
and a just equalization between the
counties. The further opinion was ex
pressed that the object aimed at
ought to be the eventual separation
of State and county taxation, giving
to each of these political divisions its
own subjects of taxation and its own
assessment machinery.
During the past two years nothing
has occurred to change the belief then
expressed; but much has occurred to
confirm it. There Aaa been consider
able popular discussion of the pro
posal that a new State revenue system
is needed, and the tone of this discus
sion has been uniformly favorable. At
the same time the movement in other
States, to which also I referred In my
former message, has continued to be
away from the employment of the ad
valorem, or general property, tax as
the basis of all State revenue collec
tions, and toward the development of
different systems In different States,
according to their several opportuni
ties and needs.
This revenue question is no new one
in California, nor is this the first time
that the demand for an improved sys
tem has been heard. A short review or
the history of State taxation will be
interesting, and may help us to a bet
ter knowledge of our needs.
In the very earliest days of our Statw
its revenues were derived largely from
merchandise and other licenses, but the
general property tax was soon put In
operation and for a rood many years
gave general satisfaction. Personal
property for a time constituted nearly
one-half of all the property assessed,
and therefore it was not complained
that this form of wealth was escaping
its due share of taxation. The Legisla
ture assumed the right to exempt from
taxation certain kinds of property,
such as churches, hospitals, the prop
erty of widows and orphans, growing
crops and mining claims; but when
danger arose from the extent of the ex
emptions the Supreme Court came for
ward and declared them all to be un
nnni»+itiiti/-inil
But in time a serious evil arose from
the inequalities of taxation as between
the various counties, which there was
no means of controlling. In the poorer
counties the assessments were kept
high, because only so could enough
taxes be raised to pay the expenses of
county government, and as the same
assessments were the basis for State
taxation those counties contributed
more than their just share to the State
treasury, while the wealthier counties
were able to keep their assessments
low and to escape their due proportion
of general taxation. It was asserted
that In some counties the assessed
values were 80 per cent of the true
values and In other counties no more
than 20 to 30 per cent. As Governor Pa
checo told the Legislature, "While the
Continued on Page 14.14
DTTDT TP TATOTTTTTTTAATQ 0F California compare favorably with those of other states, and are
1 UdLlu UN L>lll U llUlllJ OPERATED AS ECONOMICALLY DESPITE A DIFFERENCE IN THE EXISTING CONDITIONS
HOARDING OF MONEY CAUSES
LOSS OF A LARGE INCOME
Revenue Question One That Should
Be Given Prompt and Care
ful Attention.
Continued From Page 13.
fundamental law demanded a revenue
system of rigorous exactitude and uni
form justice, they had developed one of
false values and gross inequalities."
To remedy this evil the Legislature,
by statute, in 1870 created a State
Board of Equalization for the purpose
of equalizing assessments as between |
the counties. But it was not until the
•Political Code in 1872 established the
State Board on a supposedly firm foun
dation that it was able to show what
it could do, and then the results were
almost startling, for in one year the ,
total assessment of property rose from i
$269,000,000 to or more than
125 per cent. But the Supreme Court
took the view that the Board of Equali
zation could not constitutionally exer
cise the powers it claimed, and at once :
the assessment roll began to fall off. |
But before this there had begun tojs- i
sue from the Supreme Court a series of I
decisions based upon the uniformity j
and equality clause of the old constl
tutlon, which held that the taxation of I
bonds, notes, credits and other evl- j
dences of debt, when the property on
Which they rested or by which they
were secured was also taxed, was
double taxation, and this created dis
satisfaction, because it was claimed
the wealthy were escaping taxation.
Finally, in 1873, the court in a sweeping
•decision held the mortgage tax to be
unconstitutional.
Tlfat decision was in effect the
cause of the calling of a convention
to frame a new constitution; since, al
though the convention was not held
until 1878-79, the dissatisfaction had
"been growing steadily from the date
of the mortgage tax decision. The ad- t
vacates of a new plan of taxation were
able to point to the fact that, although
the State was growing wealthier, the
assessment of personal property had
ceased to increase and was diminish
ing, both relatively and absolutely.
From $220,000,000 in 1572 it had de
clined to 5115.000.000 in 1878, and
from constituting 40 per cent of the
total assessment, as it did in 1869, it
had, in 1878. become only 20 per cent.
This was one of the evidences that a
great deal of property was escaping
taxation.
REVENUE QUESTION
RESPONSIBLE FOR
NEW CONSTITUTION
As the revenue question was the one
.which was principally responsible for
the calling of the constitutional con
vention, so it was the one which in
that body was discussed longest ana
with greatest energy. The utmost de
termination was shown to adopt a
plan of taxation which should reach
all species of property and make every
class of people bear its proper share of
the burden of taxation. The State
Board of Equalization was made con
stitutional and the mortgage tax prob
. lem was solved by treating the mort
• gage as an interest in the property
and allowing a proportionate deduc
tion from the assessment on the latter.
In the old constitution the subject
of revenue and taxation had been dis
posed of in one section of five lines,
but in the new constitution a whole
article, embracing thirteen sections,
was devoted to it.
' The gist of the old constitution with
reference to taxation was contained in
these two sections, said to have been
taken from the first constitution of
Texas: "Taxation shall be equal and
uniform throughout the State. All
property in this State shall be taxed
in proportion to its value, to be ascer
tained as directed by law."
Some of the warmest debates of the
convention of 1879 took place over
the question whether the "equal and
uniform" provision should go into the
r.ew constitution, upon which some of
the ablest members insisted. But it
was upon that provision that the un
popular decisions of the Supreme
Court had rested and a majority of the
delegates voted to exclude the words
from the new instrument.
The provision that all property shall
be taxed in proportion to Its value was
retained, but with it was included a
definition of "property" which was
meant to be so thorough going that
nothing should thereafter escape from
the tax-gatherer. It? was declared that,
for purposes of taxation, property
should "include moneys, credits, bonds,
stocks, dues, franchises and all other
matters and things, real, personal and
mixed, capable of private ownership,"
the only exceptions being growing
crops and public property.
It was further provided that all
property should be assessed in the
political subdivision where situated,
save and except railroads operated in
more than one county, which were to
be assessed for both State and county
purposes by the State Board of Equali
zation. It had already been recognized
by the lawmakers of Illinois and Mis
souri that a great railroad could not
be properly assessed piecemeal, and
their plan of assessment of such prop
erty by a State board was followed by
constitution makers.
It was the expectation of the fram
ers of the new constitution, as we have
seen, that a great deal of property
would be taxed which theretofore had
escaped. One of the leaders re
marked:
We have said that all property should be
taxed In proportion to its value. In addition
tj that we say that property which has here
tofore been held not to be property shall, for
purposes of taxation, be deemed/ property and
subject to taxation. That covers the ground.
This boast was not justified by re
sults, and the effect of the new con
stitution In the direction of increasing
assessments was, after the first year,
very disappointing. In 1879, the last
year of the old constitution, the as
sessment roll amounted to $549,000,000,
and in 1880. the first year of the new,
it rose to $666,000,000, and the proportion
of personal property increased from
20 per cent of the whole to 26 per cent.
But the next two years the aggregate
of the roll declined, and the propor
tion which the personal property—the
kind of property which It was the
special aim of the makers of the new
constitution to reach—Pears to the
whole commenced to diminish from
that time forth. From 26.18 per cent it
went down as low as 13.56 per cent,
and is now practically stationary at
15 per cent. So that, despite
conian rigor of the definition given to
property in the first section of the
article on taxation in our present con
stitution, the tax gatherers find not
more of personal property than before,
but even relatively less, and absolute
ly less most of the time. For the aggre
gate of personal property assessed nev-
er afterward went as high as It was
in 1874—when it was $210,000,000—until
1903, when it was $269,000,000. In 1904
it was $239,000,000.
POWERS OF BOARD
OF EQUALIZATION
LIMITED BY COURT
In the equalization of assessments as
between counties, also, the new con
stitution did not prove to be a perfect
success. The Supreme Court stripped
the Board of Equalization of some of
the Dowers which it had been supposed
that it possessed and which it at
tempted to exercise. It can raise or
lower county rolls only as a whole
and can not distinguish between dif
ferent classes of property, although
one may have been assessed too high
and another too low. Yet the total as
sessed value of property in the State
has continued to increase slowly with
the growth in population and wealth,
but real estate and improvements bear
85 per cent of the burden. The total
assessed value of money and solvent
credits is only $42,000,000, which repre
sents, of course, but a small portion
of the true amount of this kind of
property In the State.
Since 1880 the constitution has been
often amended, but most of the amend
ments of the article upon taxation have
been in the direction of exemption.
Fruit trees and grapevines of a cer
tain age, household goods of the val
ue of a hundred dollars, church buila
ings, the property of several educa
tional and scientific institutions, and
State and municipal bonds have been
relieved of tax burdens. But while all
of these amendments taking property
off the assessment roll have been
adopted, there have been no amend
ments to put any on, nor has any
change been introduced in the consti
tution which would make the system
more elastic or give the Legislature
greater power over the subject mat
ter. This is the most serious fault of
the constitution in so far as it relates
to taxation; the system was finished
when the constitution was adopted;
it has not been capable of growth. In
other States the Legislatures improve
the plan of taxation from time to time
as experience suggests changes; their
revenue laws as they stand have been
a gradual evolution. But in California
no changes of importance can be made
because of conflict with the constitu
tional scheme.
In the convention which framed this
constitution there were a minority of
men who foresaw that a scheme or
taxation so rigid as this would not be
permanently satisfactory, and they
argued in favor of vesting consid-.
erable discretion in the Legislature.
One of those who took this view was
the eminent lawyer, Samuel M. Wil
son, one of the master minds of the
convention, although in this instance
his counsel was not followed. Mr.
Wilson, on one occasion, said:
Government is a complex piece of machinery
and runs only at great expense. The true
question then is this: What is the best sys
tem of taxation for the support of the govern
ment? In every State in the Union, with the
exception of the instances mentioned by the
gentlemen here, the matter of taxation is left
to legislative discretion, with only certain
broad principles on the subject laid down in
the constitution. In some few States the con
stitution fixes the objects and subjects of taxa
tion and makes it mandatory upon the Legis
lature. In most cases it is left to the Legis
lature to select the objects and subjects on
which taxes should be levied consistent with
the general principles of equality and uni.
formlty—the tax being upon property and not
upon persons. The Legislature should have
this discretionary power. My individual opin
ion is that the constitution should only pre
scribe that all real estate and all tangible
property shall be taxed and that such taxa
tion shall be according to value and that the
Legislature should have, beyond that, the
power and discretion of imposing any other
tax that it might see fit. except a capitation
tax. Then the Legislature, in its discretion,
could enact a stamp tax, a tax upon Incomes,
or a tax upon anything else, according to the
necessities of the State at the time. That
would be Justice to all and would leave it
mere elastic—ln a better condition and more
in accordance with the general principles pre
vailing in all of the States of the Union.
And Mr. Wilson added another valu
able suggestion when he said:
It Is not necessary to equal and uniform
taxation that It should be universal.
It is worthy of note that the States
in which the revenue laws are to-day
In the most satisfactory shape are
those in which there have been the
fewest constitutional restrictions upon
the power of the Legislature, nor does
there appear to be any serious com
plaint that this power has been used
to discriminate unfairly against any
class of taxpayers. Experience and
reason alike justify the belief that
legislative control over the method of
levying taxes would no more be taken
advantage of to oppress or to destroy
than are the large powers in other
directions which the Legislature pos
sesses. No Legislature could afford, as
a matter of mere political expediency,
to do injustice to such a large class
of persons, or important business In
terests, as it would do by adopting an
unjust tax law. It is a striking fact
that it is in the States such as New
York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey and
Ohio, in which the business interests
are strongest, that the most advanced
methods of taxing corporations have
been adopted and after business has
had a little time to adjust itself to these
new forms of taxation, they excite no
great opposition.
EASTERN STATES
ARE SUPPORTED BY
INDIRECT TAXES
The States which have effected a
complete, or almost complete, separa
tion of their State and local revenue
systems are New York, Pennsylvania,
New Jersey, Connecticut ana f>elaware.
These five States are able to dispense
with a general property tax for State
purposes because they have obtained
in other ways sufficient revenue to
meet their needs. This they have not
accomplished at a single stroke, but
usually by successive additions to their
laws. It was about twenty years ago
that the first step was taken in New
York, although the greater number of
the new features have been added re
cently. Pennsylvania, which has not
taxed real estate and improvements for
State purposes for many years, has
been still longer in developing her plan
of taxation. New York's constitution
contains nothing requiring that taxa
tion shall be uniform, or equal, or in
proportion to the value 6f the property
assessed, while the Pennsylvania con
stitution content 3 itself with saying
that taxation shall be uniform upop the
same classes of subjects and shall be
levied by general laws.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4. 1905.
STATE FUNDS IN VAULTS
'"THE State of California pursues a policy different from that of a ma
* jority of the States by keeping public funds in its own vaults, thereby
locking up a large amount of money, instead of making deposits in the
banks. By following the deposit plan the money is permitted to circu
late in the channels of trade until needed to meet claims against the
treasury. The drain of money at certain periods of the year, when State,
county and city governments are all collecting taxes, is a heavy one, and
it has long been a cause of complaint in California that at these times
business is embarrassed by the large reduction in the circulating medium.
Depository System for the Cash of the Common
wealth Should Be Established, Says Governor.
These States, however, are only a
few of those which have made notable
progress in the same direction. Ohio
has recently adopted a corporation tax
law which has made it possible to re
duce the rate of the general property
tax one half. Minnesota has reduced
the same tax to 10 cents on $100. Wis
consin has come so near to eliminating
the ad valorem tax that only a small
part of her revenue is raised by It and
the rate is 15 cents on the $100. Massa
chusetts raises half, or more than half,
of her revenue by indirect taxes. Maine
is working along similar lines. Mary
land raises only a third of her revenue
by ad valorem taxes and West Virginia
but one fourth. The old State of Vir
ginia has recently adopted a new rev
enue law which embodies a number of
modern ide.as. Tennessee secures from
other sources than the general property
tax considerably more than half of her
revenue and Missouri has made such
progress that her last State tax rate
was only 15 cents on $100. Michigan
is making progress In the same general
direction. One of the latest States to
remodel its revenue laws with gratify
ing results is Colorado.
Since comparatively little can be
done under the present constitution to
change the revenue laws, or to provide
new sources of revenue, it follows that
it is not necessary to decide at this
time precisely what laws ought to be
enacted. In a few ways—one of which I
will mention a little later —some addi
tional revenue may be provided. But
any new system must wait upon con
stitutional changes.
The essential thing, then, will be to
propose the necessary constitutional
amendments, the object of which shall
be to give the Legislature some discre
tion to deal with the subject of State
taxation. It should have authority to
continue the general property tax for
so long a time as may be needed to
work up adequate revenues from other
sources, and it should also have
authority to discontinue this form of
tax for State purposes when it is no
longer necessary, und to "separate State
from local taxation. It should also be
in the power of the Legislature to
adopt such of the several alternative
methods of taxing corporations as may
seem most expedient. An essential
part of the Legislature's authority
should be. to exempt from local taxa
tion certain classes of subjects which
may be specially relied upon to pro
duce State revenue. But as the power
of the Legislature over the whole
matter of taxation is absolute, except
as limited by constitutional restric
tions, all of these objects could be easily
accomplished by a few constitutional
changes. The first and the tenth sec
tions of Article XIII are those which
need to be especially considered.
One of the forms of taxation, other
than the general property tax, of whose
legality under the present constitution
no fear need be felt, and with respect to
which the present Legislature can
legislate, is the inheritance tax, or as
it is {sometimes called, the tax on trans
fers. I recommend to the Legislature
that it give careful consideration to the
question whether the application of the
present law should not be extended,
first, by taxing direct as well as col
lateral inheritances, and secondly, by
making the tax progressive, as has
been done in Illinois, Ohio, Missouri,
Wisconsin and many other States.
INHERITANCE TAX
PROVES A SOURCE
OF GREAT REVENUE
The importance of this particular
branch of the subject of taxation is
such that it will justify consideration
somewhat in detail. Since 1893, the
year in" which the California law was
passed, the system of inheritance taxes
has obtained great development in the
United States and other countries, and
the revenues derived from this source
promise to be very important. In
Great Britain, where the tax is levied
for the benefit of the imperial Govern
ment, 19 per cent of all the revenues,
according to the latest available sta
tistics, are the product of this form
of taxation, and in the State of New
York the income approaches five mil
lions of dollars per year.
As a leading American writer on
economics. Professor E. R. A. Seligman
of Columbia University, remarks: "The
inheritance tax to-day scarcely needs
defense; it is found in almost every
country, and the more democratic the
country, the more developed the tax."
Doubtless there are still theorists who
regard such a tax as an attack upon
the established rights of property; but
when in a country where property
rights are so firmly established as in
England the Government claims the
privilege of taking from estates of the
largest size so much as 8 per cent;
when in the republic of France the tax
goes, in some instances, so high as 15
per cent; when in such old common
wealths as Pennsylvania, New York
and Massachusetts the system Is in
full operation; and when, finally thirty
States in all have adopted this tax, it
can no Jonger be regarded as revolu
tionary; except in the sense that all
progress is revolutionary.
The gradual extension of this tax is
an illustration of the principle I have
already mentioned, that the best sys
tems of taxation are an evolution.
Originally the Inheritance tax applied
only to collateral inheritances of per
sonal property; then it was extended
to real property; later New York en
acted a direct inheritance tax law, and
eventually the conservative State of
Illinois made the tax progressive, i. c.,
increasing the rate in proportion to the
amount of the estate. By the year
1900 ten States had imposed direct as
well as collateral inheritance taxes, and
during the next three years eleven
other States had taken the same action.
In each of the two other common
wealths on the Pacific Coast, Oregon
and Washington, both direct and pro
gressive taxation of estates has been
enacted.
California's present law brings into
the treasury a revenue ranging from
1250,000 to $300,000 a year, which is
doubtless considerably less than it
would be If all the taxes due were col
lected. By the addition of a direct tax
the revenues could be greatly in
creased and the collection of the tax
made more certain. An excessive rate
of tax should not be Imposed on either
direct inheritances or collateral in
heritances, and the rate on the former
is usually made less than on the latter.
Also, there should be an exemption up
to a liberal amount on Inheritances go
ing to widows or lineal descendants.
I think it is safe to say that there is
no State in the Union that .offers to
its children any better educational ad
vantages than does our State of Cali
fornia. Gauged by the monetary stan
dard, California does much more for
education than the average of her sis
ter States. For, while all the States,
including ours, pay, on the average,
16 per cent of the cost of their public
school system, California, to her credit
be it said, pays about 45 per cent of
the cost of hers.
We had. in this State, m the last
school year, 407,398 children who ought
to have been at school, as provided by
law. In the public schools, however,
there were but 298,520 enrolled. Of the
remainder, it is estimated that 37,226
attended the various private schools,
leaving 71,652 California children who,
for one reason or another, did not at
tend school at all. While this number
is, by comparison with other States,
by no means excessive, it is too large
for California. And there ought to be
some means devised to reduce it great
ly. For it is to be the decided interest
of the State to see to it that its chil
dren shall all receive, so nearly as may
be possible, at least a common school
education.
NEARLY ONE-HALF
OF STATE'S INCOME
GOES TO SCHOOLS
Looking toward this end, California
has been very liberal toward educa
tion. Last year she spent from the
State fund $2,715,70i> on the primary
and grammar schools. To the high
schools she contributed $232,386. To
the Aye normal schools she gave $289,
--798. The institution for the deaf, dumb
and blind received $68,628 of State
money. And to the university was
given $621,363. Even the Farmers' In
stitutes received $3000 to educate their
members. So that it will be seen that,
first and last, the State paid out of its
treasury, last year, the very respect
able sum of $4,930,781 for education.
And when it is remembered that the
average yrarly income of the State
from all sources is about $10,000,000, it
will be seen that nearly one-half there
of was spent last year for education.
The law provides that there shall
be raised by taxation $7 for every
child of school age. Last year this re
quired a tax levy of 17.8 cents per $100
of assessed valuation throughout the
State. On account of this law the
State tax must be increased by $120,
--799 this year over what it was last
year, because there were 17,257 more
children of school age last year than
there were the year before. This will
compel an increase of about one cent
in the tax levy automatically fixed by
law, providing the assessed valuation
of State property shows no great in
crease. The university also receives,
under the law, 2 cents on every $100
of assessed valuation; and the high
schools receive cents on the $100;
making in all 22.3 cents on the $100 re
quired for education out of a total
State tax rate averaging something
over 50 cents on the $100.
It requires nearly 8000 teachers to
carry orf the primary and grammar
schools of the State. And it is only with
great difficulty that Boards of Educa
tion and School Trustees are able to
find enough teachers to supply Jhelr
wants. There appear to be at least two
reasons for this dearth of available
teachers. In the first place, we require
more preparation from teachers than
we did a few years ago. This is a good
thing, because, like doctors and law
yers, our sthool teachers should be well
educated i#F their profession. The other
reason for the dearth of teachers is
that the pay offered them is not suffi
cient to induce very many persons to
devote their lives to teaching. We can
not expect that men and women will
spend years of time and large sums of
money to prepare themselves for a pro
fession In which it is possible for them
to receive only meager salaries without
the possibility of increased pay, as ex
perience and devotion in other walks of
life provide. Therefore our young men
especially do not become teachers, and
our young women in too many in
stances look upon teaching as an expe
dient which will enable them to live
until something more alluring calls
them from the schoolroom.
Jn line with this there is a wide
spread'discussion among the teachers
and those who are non-professionally
interes)ed in education looking toward
an increase in teachers' salaries. To do
this it is proposed by some to raise
the State school census per capita from
$7 to $9. As there were last year, as be
fore stated, 407,398 census children in
the State, this raise of $2 per child
would call for an increase in the State
taxes of $814,796 per annum for the
next two years (involving an increase
of about 5 cents in the annual tax levy)
—a sum altogether too great to raise
by State taxation under present condi
tions, and the demand for which would
not be so pressing if the State school
fund were distributed in such a man
ner as to do the greatest possible good.
This brings me to another matter
conected with the salaries of our
school teachers to which, during the
past year, I have given considerable
attention. And that is the manner in
which, under our present law, the State
money is distributed to the teachers.
I find, for instance, that last year the
teachers of Alpine County each re
ceived $249 of the State's money, and
that the teachers of San Francisco each
received $783 from the State treasury;
while, between these two limits, the
State's money was distributed in
varying amounts to the teachers in
the various counties—those of no two
counties receiving the same amounts.
As a result of this, I found also that.
In addition to the State school fund
tax, which all counties pay alike, the
counties were compelled to tax them
selves at rates varying from 6 2-5 cents
to 50 cents on the $100 to sustain the
county end of the school burden. And
it appears, too, that in several in
stances the poorest counties are com
pelled to tax themselves the heaviest
to raise county school funds. Mono
County, for instance, is compelled to
put on a county school tax of 50 cents
per $100, the limit allowed by law, to
raise, In addition to what the State
gives her, enough money to carry on
her public schools. San Francisco,
however, on the other hand, had to im
pose only a 6 2-5 cent county tax rate
to add to the money she received from
the State.
MANNER IN WHICH
THE SCHOOL FUNDS
ARE DISTRIBUTED
So we have these rather anomalous
conditions: (1) the poorer and more
sparsely settled counties of the State,
as a rule, get less of the State's money
per teacher than do the rich and thick
ly settled counties, the amount vary
ing between $249 in Alpine County and
$783 In San Francisco; (2) we find that
the poor and sparsely settled counties
have to pay, in common with all the
other counties, a fixed tax into the
State treasury—last year this tax was
17 4-5 cents per $100 assessed valuation.
In addition to that the poor counties
have to raise, relatively, very large
county funds to eke out the school
money they receive from the State.
Mono County, for instance, paid 67 4-5
cents last year to support the schools,
while San Francisco paid but 241-5
cents, and the school expenses of the
different counties varied between these
two .extremes.
There are many other and equally
curious inequalities in the manner in
which, under our present law, the State
money is distributed to the counties.
But the preceding are fair samples of
the others and I will not give any more
of them.
These inequalities are the result of
the manner in which the law provides
the State money shall be distributed
to the counties. Therefore, I think the
law ought to be changed so .that the
State's money shall be distributed more
equitably. It does not appear to me
to be exactly fair that Alameda County,
for instance, should receive $579 per
teacher of the State's money, while Al
pine should receive from the same
source but $249 per teacher; El Dorado,
$268; Inyo, $275; Lake, $311; Lassen.
$299; San Diego, $293; Plumas, $288, and
Mariposa, $310.
It seems to me, therefore, and I so
recommend to the Legislature, that
there ought to be a complete revision
of the method whereby the State's
school money is distributed to the
counties, to the end that a more
equitable division thereof may be
made.
In spite of the fact (more probably
by reason of it) that the requirements
for admission to and graduation from
the normal schools have been raised
during the past two years, the num
ber of graduates therefrom has not
decreased. On the other hand, how
ever, the teachers graduated from the
normal schools have improved in effi
ciency and capability—both of which
qualities are greatly to be desired. And
it is to be hoped that, before many
years, the normal schools will be, like
the various schools of medicine, law
and theology, strictly professional
schocls In which only the theory and
practice, and subjects closely allied
thereto, of the profession of teaching
shall be taught, leaving matters of gen
eral culture to the public schools, the
high schools and the universities.
In free higher, or university, educa
tion California is not second to any
State in the Union. With 2400 under
graduates at Berkeley and with schools
of medicine, art, law, dentistry, veteri
nary medicine, the great Lick Observa
tory and the Wilmerding School of
Mechanical Arts so closely affiliated
with it as to be practically, If not
quite, parts of it, our State University
takes rank among the greatest uni
versities of the United States.
FREE EDUCATION
SOURCE OF GREAT
BENEFIT TO STATE
Leland Standford Junior University
Is, next to our State University, also
the object of our State educational
pride. And, taken together, these two
great institutions of learning place
California in the front rank of States
which foster the higher education.
The University of California gives to
every aspiring, ambitious, determined
young man or young woman, rich and
poor alike, the opportunity to acquire
an education which will benefit not only
him or her, but also the State. And
I think it may be safely stated that
the State derives its greatest benefit
and return from the money it invests
in the university from those students
whose pecuniary means would not
allow them to graduate from it were
it not a free institution. In fact, I
have In mind a classmate of mine,
who worked his way through the uni
versity, and, by means of the free
education he there received, was en
abled to perfect certain mining pro
cesses which, in themselves, have saved
to the State of California many times
the whole cost of the university.
It is to be hoped that the people of
the State will continue to have that
love for the university of which they
are now possessed. And it is also to
be hoped that the university will, in
its turn, not forget that it owes every
thing to the State, and that it will
continue to earn and deserve the good
will of the people so who cheerfully
support it.
Public sentiment in California favors
a broad policy in the development of
INEQUALITIES OP TAXATION
CAUSE OF DISSATISFACTION
Suggests That the Inheritance or
Transfer Tax Be Made
Progressive.
the resources of our great State. We
should not be afraid to make Invest
ments on which the returns may be
delayed beyond the immediate present.
It is our duty to be State builders,
not only that we may enjoy the bene
fits of a wise foresight, but that our
children's children may be sharers in
such rewards.
California is full of undeveloped re
sources and our continued prosperity
is dependent upon their continued de
velopment. Unfortunately, there are
certain of our resources which are
menaced with waste if not with de
struction, and an intelligent self-inter
est demands that we pursue such a
course of action as will conserve them.
The Federal Government has entered
upon a liberal policy in regard to the
development of the West by the recla
mation of arid lands, and California
can well afford to meet these advances
half way by co-operating with the
National Government in measures de-
signed for the benefit of our people.
In this belief the last Legislature
passed an act appropriating $60,000
to be expended in conjunction with at
least an equal sum appropriated by
Congress for the purpose of making
InvestigaUons into our water and for
est resources. We were offered the
services of the experts employed by
the United States Geological Survey
and Department of Agriculture in
making these inquiries, with a pros
pect that the data secured might ulti
mately result in the expenditure In
California of some of the millions
which the enactment of the arid land
law made available for reclamation
work. After less than two years of
preliminary and collaborative work it
already appears that this expectation
is to be abundantly fulfilled.
The topographic branch of the
United States Geological Survey has
been engaged in mapping the Sacra
mento Valley and other Important
areas. This Is considered to be the
first prerequisite to a solution of irri
gation and flood reclamation problems.
The hydrographic branch of the
Geological Survey has been conducting
two special lines of related work —ex-
plorations and surveys of reservoir
sites and the gauging of the flow of
streams. The first is a prerequisite
for the conservation of waters, the
second for determining the quantity of
water to be conserved.
The United States Bureau of- For
estry has carried on investigations
covering 21,000,000 acres of forest
lands in California. The data ob
tained will be used In preparing forest
maps, In determining what areas
should be reserved by the National
Government as a protection to the flow
of streams and in framing such a re
port as may form the basis for a State
forest policy.
The fourth line of Investigation car
ried on in collaboration with the
United States Government Is that of
water distribution for agricultural pur
poses and it is being conducted by the
Department of Agriculture.
STATE IS IN NEED
OF JUST CODE OF
IRRIGATION LAWS
California has suffered much for
want of a well ordered and definitely
settled policy for the use of water for
irrigation. At the last session of the
Legislature efforts were made to se
cure an improved code of irrigation
laws, but the draft of such a code sub
mitted proved unsatisfactory to the
Legislature and one of the reasons
why it was opposed was that the data
on which it was based was inadequate.
When the Department of Agriculture
shall have completed the investigations
in hand it cannot be doubted that
seme Legislature in the near future
will be In possession of the knowledge
necessary for formulating a wise,
beneficent and just code of irrigation
laws. Pending the completion of this
investigation it may be well for the
Legislature to refrain from attempt
ing irrigation legislation of a radical
character.
At the recent meeting of the Na
tional Irrigation Congress In the city
of El Paso there was adopted a reso
lution favoring co-operation between
the reclamation service of the Fed
eral Government and State and local
authorities in the planning and execu
tion of irrigation works which are un
dertaken by districts organized under
general laws, and the proposal seems a
practical one.
There is reason to hope that, with
the powerful aid of the Federal Gov
ernment, reservoirs for the impound
ing of flood and irrigation waters will
be constructed on a scale of magnitude
that will insure the reclamation of
great areas otherwise doomed to par
tial if not total aridity. "It is be
lieved," declares one of the Govern
ment experts employed in this work,
"that the Sacramento Valley is one of
the greatest, if not the greatest, latent
opportunities for irrigation develop
ment in arid America."
Much success has attended the ef
fort to find reservoir sites in North
ern California, and such as have been
found on Government land have been
withdrawn from entry. The greatest
of these projects is one to utilize Big
Valley on Pit River, which, if dammed
to a height of 110 feet, would afford
the enormous impounding capacity of
3,200,000 acre-feet, or sufficient to
cover that number of acres with water
to the depth of one foot. The total
aggregate capacity of all the reservoir
sites so far surveyed in Northern Cali
fornia is 4,800,000 acre-feet,
At the extreme southeastern and ex
treme northeastern ends of our State
two reclamation enterprises of great
extent are proposed. One of these Is
for the Irrigation of more than 300,000
acres of land situated near the Colo
rado River and for this an allotment
of $3,000,000 has been obtained from
the national reclamation fund.
The other undertaking, one to which
legislative attention will doubtless be
invited, is likely to prove still more re
markable and important. The Klam
ath Basin, situated partly In Califor
nia and partly in Oregon, contains sev
eral lakes and both overflowed and
arid districts. A way has been found
so to increase the flow of the Klamath
River as to drain two important
lakes and reclaim to cultivation the
greater part of their areas. To do this
the consent of both California and
Oregon will be needed.
It is proposed that California shall
cede to the National Government her
interest in the lands which will be
laid bare by the lowering of the water
in the lakes; but as these lands will be
sold only to actual settlers and the
proceeds used, together with other
funds, to meet the expenses of the un
dertaking, it would seem that this
State can well afford to give its assent
if Oregon will do likewise, as it is be
lieved that it will. There are 300,000
acres, two-thirds in California and
one-third in Oregon, which. It is
claimed, can thus be reclaimed and ir
rigated. To accomplish this It will be
necessary to draw water from Upper
Klamath lakes in Oregon to irrigate
lands in California, and, likewise, from
Clear Lake—a smaller body of water
lying to the east of Rhett Lake, in
California —to irrigate lands across the
line in Oregon. The different levels of
the lakes relative to the areas they are
expected to irrigate make necessary
this reciprocal arrangement, and it
cannot be doubted that the two com
monwealths ought to co-operate heart
ily in what is likely to prove so great
a common advantage.
DEFINITE FOREST
POLICY IS WANTED
IN GOLDEN STATE
It Is well known that the cutting of
large areas of timber, and the pur
chase by speculators of still larger
areas, with the presumed intent of
felling and marketing the lumber pro
duct, threaten the premature exhaus
tion of one of California's most pre
cious resources. In view of these facts
California could have entered upon no
wiser course than it did in providing
for the serious study of her forest
problems.
Our civilization rests upon the right
of the individual to have and to hold
property, real, personal and mixed.
This right needs to be Jealously
guarded and yet such rights are not
recognised as absolute. Bach owner
must "so use his own as not to injure
another's property." Especially is it
true that no individual or generation
of Individuals can be permitted to de
stroy an inheritance. Regard must be
had for the welfare of generations yet
unborn. We, who are here now, will
in time pass away, but the common
wealth of California will endure, and
it is for an enduring commonwealth,
rather than for a present generation,
that you gentlemen are called together
in order that you may legislate.
There will be laid before you a care
fully drawn bill providing for a definite
forest policy for California. Without
venturing to pass upon its merits in
advance of thorough public and legis
lative discussion, I commend it to your
careful consideration. The 00-opera
tlve forestry work carried on during
the last two years by the State in
collaboration with the United States
Bureau of Forestry has proven highly
beneflcial in an educational sense, and
I respectfully recommend that It be
carried on for two years more under
the same arrangement.
In fact, I am led to hope that the ob
taining of expert knowledge as to how
to deal with forestry problems, includ
ing the prevention of forest fires and
the rehabilitation of deforested areas,
and the giving of a wide publicity to
that knowledge, may, of Itself, go far
toward evolving a useful, though vol
untary, policy of forest preservation.
In the event that the Legislature is
unable to see its way clear to adopt
a perfected forest-preservation policy
at this time, may it not be wise to
attempt at least tenatlve legislation
looking to that end?
The extension of the work of the
College of Agriculture of the University
is a subject which will probably en
gage the attention of this Legislature,
as it engaged that of the last. The
Importance of agricultural education is
now recognized everywhere, even in
quarters where It would have received
little consideration a few years ago;
and increased provision for Buch educa
tion is being made in all the great
States, the leading industries of some
of which have been reorganized and
made more profitable than ever through
the work of agricultural scientists.
No other State, perhaps, has in this
subject so deep an interest as Cali
fornia, whose products, soils, and cli
mates are so varied, and whose special
problems are so numerous. The suc
cessful employn * of irrigation and
the growing of the specialised crops,
which the local conditions make possi
ble, call for a higher standard of
scientific Information among tillers of
the soil than Is requisite for the pro
duction of ordinary staples in other
sections of our country. While the
holding of Farmers' Institutes and the
publication of bulletins from the State
Agricultural College may considerably
Inform the adult farming population,
there is a growing feeling among
thoughtful persons that our educational
system should be the means of rearing
up a generation of young persons
attracted by intelligent interest to
agricultural pursuits.
Already the State has profited largely
by the Investigations and experiments
conducted by the College of Agricul
ture, which has done a great deal of
valuable research work and has edu
cated a number of specialists of high
standing. The equipment of the col
lege in buildings and facilities, how
ever, Is inadequate to meet the de
mands laid upon it.
STATE UNIVERSITY
AND THE COLLEGE
OF AGRICULTURE
But the enrollment: of students in the
College of Agriculture falls below the
enrollment in other colleges and this
has led to the complaint that, however
successful in scientific researches the
institution has not been doing the work
It should along the lines of practical
instruction. The lack of a farm as an
adjunct to the university has been the
main reason for whatever failure there
may have been In this direction for
farming can only be taught on' the
farm. Neither is there any oppor
tunity to have the farm in close prox
imity to the university at Berkeley
and this Is a misfortune, since to have
the farm at a distance from the uni
versity involves an Increase of ex
pense and other disadvantages. The
time has arrived, however, when a
farm should be acquired and it should
be found in a region where the soil
and climate are fairly typical of our
largest agricultural areas. The locality
should be one carefully selected with
a view to working out the various
problems In agronomy, horticulture
Continued on Page 15.MTTTTAMQ ADA QDPATT 1 BY THE STATE EVERY YEAR ,N THE furnishing of native sons and daughters
..fllLLlUlNo AIIJJ UI M* I WITH THE BEST OF EDUCATIONAL FACILITIES AND MAINTAINING OF PUBLIC SCHOOLS
MANNER OF DISTRIBUTING
FUNDS IS NOT SATISFACTORY
Poorest Counties Under Present
Laws Pay the Heaviest
for Knowledge.
Continued From Page 14.
.dairying, animal industries and other
branches of farming.
But wherever the farm is located and
whatever the course of instruction es
tablished thereon, there should be no
separation from university control, the
experience of other States showing that
the duplication of courses and conflicts
of interests where colleges of agricul
ture and State universities are inde
pendent of each other are bound to be
injurious to both. Neither are the so
called colleges of agriculture which are
conducted apart from universities gen
erally successful in attracting large
numbers of students in agriculture, the
engineering and other scientific courses
usually leading in popularity the pure
ly agricultural courses. Concentration,
not dispersion, is the true educational
policy and in no educational field is it
more necessary to bear this in mind
than in agricultural instruction, which,
on account of the equipment required,
i 6 confessedly more expensive than al
most any other.
In what way the courses of instruc
tion on the farm can best be organ
ized is a question that must be deter
mined when the time comes, but it is
likely that they will be largely popular
in character. They must be so if they
are to draw large numbers of students,
for in no agricultural college or depart
ment Is the number of full four-year
course men very large, while the most
successful schools of agriculture and
the short courses draw many students
and meet the needs of a majority of
those who will become actual farm
ers.
The burden of the expense of caring
for the insane In the State hospitals,
which amounts now to about $900,000
per annum, has been growing year by
year, and will of course, continue to
grow with the Increase of population;
but there is hope that hereafter it will
grow at a less rapid rate than former
ly. There has been a material falling
off in the average annual rate of In
crease of patients, due not to fewer ad
missions, but to a larger number of
deaths and discharges. The increased
number of deaths is explained by the
greater average age of the patients,
while the more numerous discharges
may be explained in part by more suc
cessful treatment, resulting in more
recoveries, and in part by a change of
administrative methods. A factor of
considerable importance is the legali
zation of the parole system under the
new law. There are now from two to
three hundred patients out on parole
all the tisjist. and many of the dis
charges are made from among those
whose fitness to go at large has first
been tested in this manner.
The establishment of the Commis
sion in Lunacy, seven years ago, did
much to give the State definite and
permanent policy In the conduct of its
hospitals. Previous to that time each
<>f the five hospitals was governed en
tirely by Its own board of trustees, and
no matter how faithful the members
of these boards might be, there could
not be the same system in the manage
ment of the Institutions as if there
were supervision by a common author-
ity. This the Commission in Lunacy
has established, and the effect of its
careful revision of estimates and
scrutiny of accounts may be seen in
the fact that since it was created there
has never been a deficiency in the sup
port fund of any one of the hospitals.
In future. If present policies con
tinue to prevail, there will be an avoid
ance of both an Increase in the num
ber of hospitals and of the erection
of very large buildings in adding to
the accommodations of existing hospi
tals. Cottages can be built for the
patients at less per capita cost, and
this method of housing them is more
in accord with the current medical
opinion of what Is more desirable. A
number of cottages have already been
constructed by applying to this use the
contingent funds of some of the hos
pitals, and others will be provided for
in the same way.
In the direction of specialization in
the treatment of the Insane the prin
cipal innovations are the proposed hos
pital for the criminal Insane, the erec
tion of which at Folsom after an ap
propriation had been made was neces
sarily postponed on account of an un
fortunate oversight committed in draw
ing the statute; the establishment of a
separate department in two detached
buildings at Agnews for the acutely in
sane, and the adoption of the tent plan
at Uklah for the insane who are af
flicted with tuberculosis. In each of
these Instances the new departure Is
in a direction which is sanctioned by
the best authority. The acutely insane
can be treated with more hope of cure
If cared for under the special condi
tions best adapted to them, and tent
accommodations for the tuberculous in
sane are deemed the most healthful.
The collections on account of pay
patients are more closely made than
formerly, through the methods Intro
duced by the Commission in Lunacy. It
was also owing to the secretary of that
body that a very serious shortage in
the accounts of a former clerk in the
Southern California State Hospital was
discovered, and since then a checking
system has been devised which Is ex
pected to remove the opportunities for
such frauds.
NATIONAL GUARD
IS DESERVING OF
PROPER SUPPORT
Having been either a member of or
greatly interested in the National
• ■ Guard of California since 1872, a period
of over thirty-two years, and having
. risen in it from the lowest to the high
est rank, I think I can reasonably say
that I have some knowledge of it.
Upon the proper support of the Na
tional Guard of the various States de
pends to a very great extent the safety
of this nation in its relations with for
eign powers, for in the event of a for
eign war it is necessary for the United
States to have an army either for for
eign service or to repel Invasion. If
there were no National Guard it would
be necessary for the Government to do
either one of two things, viz., to sup
port a large standing army or to rely
upon raising the necessary volunteer
armies from a raw, untrained, un
ci rilled, undisciplined people. A large
standing army Is for many reasons un
desirable. On the other hand, to rely
upon raising, equipping, drilling and
disciplining out of totally inexperienced
volunteers an army to fight against the
trained troops of other nations would
he disastrous.
In the late war with Spain it was
demonstrated that the National Guard
can be depended on to fight our coun
try's battles. The First California (to
take an example with which we are all
familiar) took the field reasonably well
armed, equipped, drilled, disciplined,
officered and rendered service that
made us all proud of every man on its
roster.
To have newly recruited this regi
ment out of totally inexperienced vol
unteers would have required several
weeks. To have officered, armed,
equipped, drilled, disciplined it, would
have required many more weeks; and,
in the meantime, disaster might have
resulted to our cause. But with many
National Guard regiments, like the
First California, from the various
States, to draw from, the United States
was able quickly to put into the Philip
pines and Cuba armies which brought
the war to a swift decision in our favor,
saved many, many lives, which, with a
long-drawn struggle would have been
sacrificed, to say nothing of the mil
lions of treasure that otherwise would
have been necessary and the disturb
ance of business and trade that would
have resulted.
Where would we have been In that
war had we not had a navy, with
Dewey, Schley and Sampson in com
mand? We could neither have beaten
Spain nor invaded Cuba nor the Philip
pines, even had we the best army In
the world. And, without our National
Guard, from which quickly to form
armies of invasion, Dewey's victory at
Manila Bay and Sampson's and
Schley's destruction of Cervera's fleet
would have netted us only a modicum
of what resulted from our swift and
sure attacks on sea and land.
Therefore, I am of the opinion that
those of our fellow-citizens who de
precate the existence of the National
Guard, and would abolish It, have not
given the matter sufficient thought.
Our flag, our national honor, our
citizens, and our trade and commerce
must be protected. To do this requires
a navy and either a great standing
army (which God forbid!) or a suf
ficient number of our people trained
quickly to form efficient armies. And
there Is, I think, but one way to do this,
and that is by supporting, encouraging
and maintaining State National
Guards, in which shall be preliminarily
trained in the art of war the youth of
the country.
Not only so, but there is great need
that the youth of the country shall be
taught discipline and a cheerful obedi
ence to constituted authority. For in
our land of liberty there is liable to
arise in the mind of the individual an
idea that he owes nothing to his fellow
citizens, his city, his county, his State,
his country or his flag. No other where
than in the National Guard is the in
dividual so well taught to respect the
authority of those who, for the mo
ment, may be his superior officers. No
other where than in the National
Guard does he come into such close
contact with the flag of his country and
learn to look upon it as the symbol of
his political and personal liberties. No
other where does he so well learn that
"in union there is strength," that he is
one American citizen, whose life, liber
ty, pursuit of happiness and property
are safest only when those of his fellow
citizens are also safest. He comes out
of the National Guard a better, safer
citizen, loving his country better; more
jealous of, because he knows them bet
ter, his rights and privileges as a citi
zen of this great nation; more impress
ed with, because he has learned some
thing of them, his responsibilities tow
ard those who, like him, are also
Americans; with greater respect for
the law and those empowered to en
force it and, above all, Impressed with
the idea that, after all, there is no
greater, purer, more patriotic duty than
to serve his country In her hour of
greatest need.
DUTY OF CITIZENS
TO ENCOURAGE THE
STATE'S MILITIA
Therefore I am of the opinion that it
is the duty of every American citizen,
who loves the flag and our Institutions,
to encourage every young man to be
come a member of the National Guard
and thus somewhat fit himself to de
fend his flag and his country if the
occasion should require. And I have
but little sympathy with those who,
from shortsightedness, ignorance or
any other cause, desire to see it abol
ished. And, therefore, I recommend to
the Legislature to provide a sufficient
sum for the support and maintenance
of the National Guard of California and
to render it, already reasonably effi
cient, still more so.
At the last session of the Legislature
there were submitted several commit
tee reports upon the condition of the
two State prisons and in one of these,
which was made by a select committee
of the Assembly, the following lan
guage was employed:
Our two prisons are no credit to the State.
California boaats Its place In the front rank of
States, but her prisons lag a generation behind
the better class of Eastern penitentiaries.
The two prisons are schools of vice'and uni
versities of crime. • • •
Boys and young men, guilty of one ofTense
against the laws, but not yet hardened in
crime, are sent to these prisons not to be re
claimed, but to be systematically seduced and
debased by utterly degraded convicts. Asso
ciated for a term of years with men whose vil
lainy is their boaat, young men graduate from
these institutions fully equipped enemlea of
society. Thus the State trains its criminals.
* • • The responsibility of this great wrong
rests primarily not with the wardens, nor with
the Board of Prison Directors, but upon the
people of California, who have followed a false
Idea of economy and. steeped in neglect of
public affairs, have failed to provide means
for the proper conduct of these Institutions.
If this language is to be regarded not
as rhetorical exaggeration, put as ex
pressing the deliberate Judgment of
the legislators who framed the official
report quoted from, it constitutes a
serious arraignment of the prisons in
which the State now confines twenty
four hundred convicts. Yet this report
does not differ greatly from a number
of other reports which, from time to
time, have been presented by Senate
and Assembly committees and by in
vestigating commissions. There are no
other State institutions which have
been so often investigated and for
whose betterment so many recommen
dations have been made, and yet the
progress of improvement has been
very slow.
The main defects of our prison sys
tem—which may be summed up as lack
of classification and segregation of the
convicts, lack of cell and yard accom
modations and lack of intelligent
adaptation of means to ends in re
formatory treatment—have been not
only recognized but quite well under
stood for a long time. They were
pointed out by a Joint Senate and
Assembly Committee in 1872—thirty
three years ago—as clearly as by the
committee of 1903 whose report I have
already quoted, and the most import
ant recommendation recently made by
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4. 1905.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE
THE extension of the work of the College of Agriculture of the
university is a subject which probably will engage the attention of
this Legislature, aS it engaged that of the last. The importance of agri
cultural education is now recognized everywhere, even in quarters where
it would have received little consideration a few years ago, and increased
provision for such education is being made in all the great States. The
lack of a farm as an adjunct to the university has been the main reason
for whatever failure there may have been in this direction, for farming
can only be taught on the farm. The time has arrived, however, when a
farm should be acquired.
Farm in Connection With University Needed for the
Research of Soil and Products.
the State Board of Charities—which
was that one of the prisons be con
verted Into a reformatory—was antici
pated as lohg ago as 1876, when a
legislative committee reported senten
tlously: "Establish a reformatory in
connection with the State prison at as
early a day as possible."
Indeed, it seems to have been one of
the original ideas with which Folsom
prison was established that either it or
San Quentin would be made a prison
for first offenders and conducted on
reformatory lines, while the other
would be used for the Isolation and
punishment of hardened criminals.
Yet, disregarding the opportunity
which the existence of two prisons has
given for differentiation in their uses.
we have gone on for thirty years com
mitting young and old, confirmed
recidivists and first offenders, indis
criminately to both prisons, thereby
helping to make both "schools of vice
and universities of crime." This long
persistence in a radical error, when it
could have been avoided by a simple
change in the law, appears, like some
other things in the history of our deal
ings with penal problems, not to reflect
credit upon our Intelligence. In the
past there has been a vast amount of
talk about the defects of our prison
system, and, as I have already shown,
there has been no real difference of
opinion in regard to the things to be
done; it has only been when it came to
the essential matter, of doing them that
a naralysis has fallen upon us. But
has not the time at last arrived when
there should be action, and not much
else? It would seem so when we con
template the fact that the two prisons
have, combined, but 878 cells and rooms
for nearly 2400 prisoners, and that at
San Quentin the herding in the re
stricted yard is almost as bad as the
overcrowding in the sleeping quarters.
The main reason for delay In Improv
ing the condition of the prisons has
been, as the Assembly committee re
ported two years ago, that of expense.
Money in liberal sums has been appro
priated for support, and occasionally,
when forced to do so by the absolute
necessity of the situation, the Legisla
ture has provided means to expand
prison accommodations; but appropria
tions of the latter class have always
been so long delayed that when Anally
furnished they have not made the facil
ities equal to the demands upon them.
If the grossest forms of vice run riot
In the prisons it Is because the deficient
cell accommodations render herding
necessary, and the obvious remedy is
to give each prisoner his separate cell.
If no educational work worthy of the
name Is done in either prison It is be
cause the lack of facilities puts it out
of the question.
LACK OF PROPER
FACILITIES CAUSE
OF JAIL OUTBREAKS
The most memorable event of the
past two years was the outbreak of
July 27, 1903, at Folsom, when the War
den and other officers were overpow
ered, one officer was killed and thirteen
prisoners escaped, they afterward kill
ing two members of a military com
pany who were trying to effect their
capture. This deplorable affair, which
cost the State dear in money and dear
er in the lives of citizens, may also be
attributed to lack of a properly exe
cuted building plan, since such an
emeute would have small chance for
success in a well-walled and well-ar-
ranged prison.
With regard to the futile attempt to
escape which was made a few days
since by a number of desperate con
victs, who paid dearly for their temer
ity, it can only be said that under dif
ferent circumstances it might never
have been made, and that its speedy
frustration shows that the discipline
and effectiveness of the prison forces
have been greatly improved during the
last year and a half.
It is not a pleasant duty to recom
mend the expenditure of large sums of
money upon State prisons. It is nat
ural to feel that money will be better
spent in supporting schools and col
leges or in building public highways,
or in any one of a dozen other ways.
Nevertheless, it is a short-sighted pol
icy, because in the long run a very
costly one, to support prisons which
foster crime rather than abate it, and
enlightened statesmanship demands
that California shall do what other
States have done and spend money
enough on the prisons to equip them
properly. I feel it my duty to say that
the present session of the Legislature
ought not to close without a substan
tial beginning having been made in the
necessary work of prison reform.
It is the judgment of the Board of
State Prison Directors, as expressed to
me, that building improvements should
be commenced at once at both prisons
and continued until the present and im
mediately prospective prison population
has been fully provided for. Folsom
Prison should be supplied with a wall,
as contemplated by the original plans.
Nearly all the work on buildings and
wall can be performed with convict la
bor, and the cost can be kept down
accordingly. At Folsom, where granite
is abundant, the new cellhouse can be
constructed of that material and the
wall also. If the cost of transporta
tion would not be too great granite
could also be quarried there for the
new buildings at San Quentin. But
there must be a liberal appropriation
for the purchase of materials other
than stone and for the incidental ex
penses of building.
How soon it will be possible to con
vert one of the two prisons into a re
formatory depends largely upon the
progress of the necessary reconstruc
tion, which must precede everything
else. It would be well, however, for
the Legislature to reach a decision
which of the two prisons shall become
the reformatory and which shall re
main an ordinary penitentiary, as un
til that question is settled a proper
building plan cannot be adopted.
Oaly second to the reformtion prob-
lem in our prisons is the industrial one.
California has been less fortunate than
Missouri, Minnesota and a number of
other States, which make their prisons
self-supporting, or even operate them
at a profit; nor is it to be expected
such results can be achieved under the
conditions prevailing here. Indeed, it
is doubted by many if anywhere the
operation of a prison at a profit is con
sistent with the highest regard for the
interests of the prisoners or of the
public. But Folsom Prison has no
productive industry except the crush
ing and sale of macadam rock, which
has returned a profit of only a few
thousand dollars a year, and even this
business Is now threatened by the ex
haustion of the quarry.
The strongest argument for the es
tablishment of a prison at Folsom" was
the industrial one, since It was antici
pated that the granite quarries would
be the basis of a remunerative indus
try. This expectation was never ful
filled, the sales of granite in former
years seldom exceeding $10,000 per an
num and never going above $21,000.
For some years the sale of prison-cut
granite has been forbidden by law. If
new buildings and a wall are con
structed the employment problem will
solve Itself for some time to come, but
eventually a new Industry, or Indus
tries, must be found for this prison. At
San Quenttn the Jutemill gives em
ployment to about 800 of the 1500 pris
oners and runs at a profit, ordinarily,
of $40,000 or $50,000 a year.
It costs the State about $250,000 annu
ally to maintain its prisons, and it Is
desirable that the prison earnings
should be as large as they can properly
be made, In order that the taxpayers
may be spared, but profit does not ap
pear to have been considered desirable
when the laws fixing prices of prison
products were framed. The selling
price of jute bags must be not more
than one cent per bag in excess of
actual cost, not counting the value of
convict labor, and macadam rock is to
be sold at not more than ten per cent
above the oost of production. The
price actually charged is thirty cents
per ton. A valid objection to this pol
icy Is that it renders it impossible to
afford prisoners an opportunity to earn
a little money on their own account,
which they may save and receive when
they are discharged, and thus go out
with some experience of the habits of
voluntary industry and thrift-
It seems probable that the best solu
tion of the prison labor problem will
be found in the New York system of
manufacturing necessary articles for
State Institutions, whereby employment
can be diversified, and at the same
time direct competition with free labor
be avoided.
These two schools constitute the
present reformatory institutions of
California, as distinguished from the
penal. There Is some increase in num
bers of the youths committed, but
not out of proportion to the numerical
increase of the population of the State.
Indeed, we may look with hopeful
anticipation to a decrease in the num
ber of commitments as our systems
of juvenile courts, detention homes, and
probation officers become more gener
ally and efficiently organized. The
aim of those in authority, and especi
ally of parents, should be to keep
children away from such institutions
rather than to encourage their commit
ment. The best place for an erring, if
not incorrigible or criminal, lad or lass
is In the paternal home, or, lacking this,
in the home of some reputable citizen
possessed of a rugged will accom
panied by reasonable forbearance.
There are few higher claims which con
siderations of humanity Impose upon
good citizenship than that of redeem
ing to honorable and fruitful living our
wayward youths and children.
If California is to perform this ser
vice collectively It must adequately
capitalize and equip the institutions es
tablished for that purpose. This has
not been fully done. The schools at
both lone and Whlttler are inadequate
ly supplied with teachers and appar
atus, and it is my Judgment that both
of these schools should be made essen
tially agricultural in theory and in
practice. It would be possible on the
school farms as they now exist, with
the proper instructors and equipment,
to teach the lads committed to them
at least the elements of scientific agri
culture, including dairying, poultry
raising, fruit-growing, and market
gardening, and to these ends the indus
trial features should mainly tend. I
believe that the most fortunate results
would attend such a policy, but some
additional means will be required to
carry it out.
In relation to the redemption of way
ward girls I cannot speak with so
much confidence. That problem is es
sentially different from the reclamation
of a wayward boy and I am not sure
that a public institution can bring to
bear upon the subject in hand all those
personal influences which make for the
salvation of those under Its charge. It
may be that a better way would be to
commit such young women to benevo
lent institutions provided for that pur
pose, choice to be made in the dis
cretion of the court, the expense to be
borne by the State and county as now,
such institutions to be subjected to
State and judicial inspection. The ex
pense to the taxpayers would be one
half less per capita than at present and
the results are not unlikely to be more
fortunate.
In the event of such a course being
found advisable, the buildings now
oonstituting the Girls* School at Whit
tier could be made available for boys
of a certain grade, thereby facilitating
a much needed further gradation and
distribution of the boys with regard to
their ages and degrees of delinquency.
WHITTIER REFORM
SCHOOL SUBJECT
OF INVESTIGATION
In the performance of Its duties the
State Board of Charities and Correc
tions recently made some investigations
Into the management of Whlttier State
School and reported its conclusions re
garding certain charges, which I have
since caused to be further investigated.
I think that I can safely absolve the
management from the implication of
deliberate intent to convert public
property to private and personal ad
vantages, but a most unfortunate and
regrettable laxness of method of doing
public business has been made mani
fest in many ways. A seeming neces
sity, or even convenience, has prompt
ed the evasion of laws and regulations
in order that ends which could not be
accomplished directly might be attain
ed by indirection and circumvention.
It is not a satisfactory excuse that all
of these things were done for the bene
fit of the school, or of the pupils in the
school, or that what was converted to
private advantage in one instance was
more than made good In another by
personal service or personal expendi
ture. It is essential that the laws be
obeyed and that those methods of do
ing business which time and custom
have sanctioned as orderly and wise
be followed without deviation.
It is not sufficient that a public offi
cial shall attend to public business as
he would attend to his own. He must
attend to public business as the laws
require and guard its details with a
more exemplary circumspection.
Appended to this message will be
found the list of pardons, commuta
tions and reprieves granted from Jan
uary 7, 1903, to January 1, 1906, which
are reported as required by law. As
there stated there have been eight par
dons, twenty commutations and fifteen
reprieves. In all. two or three hundred
clemency applications have been pre
sented to me. Three of the pardons
were granted to persons who had al
ready served their terms of imprison
ment and were free men when par
doned, the object being to effect their
restoration to citizenship, they having
shown themselves worthy of it. In
this connection I suggest that section
1693 of the Penal Code, which author
izes the Governor to grant restoration
by a simple executive order to a prison
er who Is about to be discharged, be
so amended as to authorize restoration
In a similar manner to one who after
discharge has made a sincere effort
to be a good citizen.
While the pardoning power is univer
sally recognized as a necessary one,
and has been provided for under all
forms of Government, the extent and
manner of Its exercise are matters
concerning which much difference of
opinion exists. In the view of one
olass of citizens, who usually have had
little personal contact with crime or
criminals, almost any interference with
the full execution of sentences imposed
by the courts is an evidence of weak
ness on the part of the executive,
though it might be added that when
persons of this class become interested
in the case of a single lawbreaker,
they become sympathetic to such a de
gree that they want him liberated at
once, and cannot understand why the
Governor, who probably has received
a hundred applications equally merlt
orous, should refuse such a request.
Some of the substantial reasons why
pardons or commutations should be
granted come to be understood by those
who are brought Into direct contact
with the problems of practical penology
either as Warden, Prison Director or
Governor. It is the testimony of all
prison officials, I believe, that an occa
sional pardon or commutation, if given
to the right person, is one of the most
effective stimulants to discipline, be
cause it keeps hope alive in the con
vict and gives him an Incentive to good
conduct. The same is true of the credit
system, by which all convicts for terms
of years can abridge their periods of
confinement, and the parole system
two modifications of former laws which
are among the most Important ad
vances in penology in California, al
though both acts were severely criti
cized when passed. \
Another good ground for the occa
sional extension of executive clemency
is found in the number of instances
in which Judges write to the Governor
to tell him they have discovered that
they erred in fixing the degree of pun
ishment for a crime. There are other
instances of simple blunders such as
are bound to occur everywhere In the
administration of law. One man
whose sentence I commuted had plead
ed guilty to a felony, though, as was
afterward found, he could not have
been guilty of a greater offense than
misdemeanor. Again, several prison
ers are now serving life sentences in
this State because of an error in a
statute which said that a person con
victed of robbery who should have
been previously convicted of a misde
meanor should be so punished, al
though the same requirement was not
made where the previous conviction
had been for felony. This peculiar
blunder of the statute was corrected
by amendment two years ago.
Tet, a Governor can nbt use the
pardoning power, to correct all the In
justices of unequal sentences, even
when their equality is gross and palp
able, though such inequalities are well
understood by convicts and are a cause
of much sullen discontent within pris
on wal's. It is impossible that a Gov
ernor should undertake to review ju
dicial proceedings and equalize all pun
ishments, und more harm than good
would result from the attempt to do
it
I have assumed that a conditional
commutation, which will be a restraint
upon future conduct, is better than a
commutation which is unconditional,
and, with this irr mind, I have inserted
in such documents a provision that if
the person be subsequently convicted
of felony he must serve out the unex
pired portion of his former term of im
prisonment, as well as his new one.
This makes the commutation, or par
don, in effect, a kind of parole. This
condition is one that has seldom, if
ever, been attached to pardons or com
mutations of sentence In this State,
but I believe the wisdom of it as a de
terrant can not be questioned. That
this policy is not unreasonable, or
mere surplusage, is confirmed in the
case of William Grider, who received,
SCARCITY OF INSTRUCTORS 4
IS DUE TO POOR SALARIES
Wage of Educators Not Sufficient
to Reimburse Them for Time
Given to Study.
for services rendered on the occasion
of the Folsom break, a conditional
commutation of sentence. A few
months after his release he was again
convicted of a felony and sentenced
to a term in San Quentin prison. The
confidence reposed in him was mis
placed, and he will be compelled to
serve out the remainder of his old
sentence as well as the sentence last
Imposed upon him.
FUNDS FOR ORPHANS
AND CHILDREN WHO
NEED STATE AID
One of the largest, and at the same
time most beneficent, expenditures of
our State Government Is that for the
partial support of orphans, half or
phans and abandoned children. "Want
ing official machinery for a thorough
State administration of this fund, it
has been necessary mainly to depend
for Its proper distribution upon the
good offices of the orphanages and
boards of supervisors through whose
hands It passes. I have every reason
to believe that this trust Is almost al
ways conscientiously and efficiently
executed; and yet this form of admin
istration does afford some opportunity
for persons actuated by the spirit of
mendicancy to impose upon the State
unnecessary burdens.
In dealing with this class of claims
renewed efforts have been made, and
are making, to eliminate from the roll
all claims which represent an attempt
to impose upon the public generosity,
and I am glad to be able to say that
substantial success is being attained
in this direction. For the fifty-fifth
fiscal year the expenditures under this
head were $38,000 less than for the
fifty-fourth. This saving represents
the results of the Investigations made.
and new methods employed, by the late
Walter S. Melick, Secretary of the
State Board of Examiners, and to him
the credit primarily belongs.
I am glad to say that, in most of the
orphanages supported in part by this
fund, attention is given to the element
ary training in useful employments of
the children, and I suggest to the Leg
islature that it might be well to couple
with the appropriations a provision re
quiring all institutions drawing from
this fund to give to children of suf
ficient age to receive It some form of
useful industrial or manual training,
the standard of Instruction to be made
satisfactory to the State Board of Ex
aminers.
The report of the State Board of
Health shows that the health of the
commonwealth has, during the year just
closed. If not during te whole of the
year preceding, been quite free from
injurious distempers and malignant
contagion. I take this occasion to call
to the minds of legislators the urgent
need for affording to the State Board
such added facilities for work as it
may require.
I have also to congratulate the State
of California upon the cordial and con
fidential relations existing between our
State and municipal boards of health
and the public health and marine hos
pital service of the United States and
the boards of health of the several
States of our Union. There was a time
when California stood in imminent
peril of being universally quarantined
against because of the existence of a
few sporadic cases of Asiatic plague.
Rigid remedial measures have been in
stituted, confidence has been re-estab
lished and the business of the common
wealth has been allowed to proceed un
hampered. The health of the people
within the State and without was in
nowise impaired by reason of an inci
dent which, inasmuch as California
ports are dealing constantly, directly
and Increasingly with Asiatic ports,
constituted merely one of the draw
backs Inseparable from commercial and
maritime pursuits. The best safeguard
our people can have against serious
consequences resulting therefrom Is to
maintain a fully equipped system for
the preservation of the public health
and for the dissemination among our
people of reliable and timely informa
tion.
During the preceding session of the
Legislature I felt compelled to veto a
series of bills intended to modify the
law to give railroads rights of way
through overflowed and other public
lands of the State. I believed the bills
as passed did not sufficiently guard the
State's interests and hence acted as
above stated, although at the time it
was urged on behalf of the measures
that ar the law stands there is no way
in which a transportation company can
acquire the right to occupy overflowed
State land within an incorporated city,
or within three miles of it, to be used
for necessary wharves, piers and other
structuros. Some time afterward it
was reported that overflowed land be
longing to the State of California In
Oakland harbor was being filled In and
that (ac title might be claimed by a
corporation which was understood to
be paying a dredging contractor to de
posit the soil on this land.
I decided to ask the Attorney General
of the State for an opinion and I re
quested him to make It broad enough
to clear up most of the questions in
volving the State's rights In and con
trol over water fronts.- He was asked
to state by what means. If any, a rail
road corporation can acquire rights of
way over property such as above de
scribed, also, if such rights can be ac
quired, by what tenure the land will be
afterward held, besides other ques
tions.' The object of this request for
an opinion was to ascertain what the
law is, with a view to the correction of
defects, or the supplying Of omissions,
if either exist.
After some delay, due to the large
amount of legal work which he is at all
times called upon to attend to, the At
torney General furnished me with an
opinion in which he treated the ques
tions asked as relating particularly to
the situation in Oakland harbor.
In answering the question first raised
the Attorney General, after citing vari
ous authorities, said:
The result of all this seems to be that there
Is no procedure laid down in the codes of Cali
fornia by which a railroad corporation may ac
quire a right of way for the location and
maintenance of roadbeds, tracks, wharves,
piers, tilips, or terminal facilities over sub
merged lands beyond the corporate limits of
the city of Oakland, which limits are the ordi
nary low tide line, and that the only method
left for such a corporation to pursue is to ob
tain a special grant from the Legislature.
WELL-GUARDED LAW
FOR THE SUBMERGED
LANDS OF STATE
If this state of facts obtains as to
Oakland, it must also obtain as to any
other city or town which is placed as
Oakland is, and the need of a State
policy in respect to water fronts appears
to be Indicated. Such a policy should
be carefully considered, in order that
laws framed in accordance with it may
be liberal enough to encourage enter
prise and yet conservative enough to
prevent monopolization of valuable
privileges and to protect the rights and
interests of the State in water-front
property. Commercial opportunities
are beneficial only as they are utilized,
and the building of wharves, piers and
docks promotes the eeneral welfare.
There should, therefore, be some well
guarded law under which the right to
occupy submerged State land, within
or near, incorporated cities for these
purposes may be facilitated and regu
lated.
As the lands under navigable water
are held by the State only In trust,
for the promotion of commerce. It can
never entirely alienate such lands, and
it Is a question to be determined by the
State Government what tne tenure of
the occupants shall be. Some States,
like the State of Washington, on this
coast, and the State of Massachusetts,
on the Atlantic coast, grant leases for
long terms of years, and charge rentals.
If legislation should be had on this sub
ject, and it should be determined that
the leasehold policy is the most expedi
ent one for California, the rentals
should not be fixed so high as to deter
enterprise. The primary aim should
be to develop commerce; the collection
of revenue from this source, while de
sirable in itself, is secondary.
In referring to the filling In of State
land by the deposit of dredgings, the
Attorney General expresses the opinion
that lands raised above the water by
artificial means are not subject to the
principle that controls accretion, and
no legal title can be based on such act.
Several newspapers having published
articles making charges that the ex
aminations of candidates for licenses by
the State Board of Pharmacy were not
fairly conducted, I decided to order an
investigation. For this purpose Hon.
John F. Davis, Code Commissioner;
Hon. G. R. Lukens, a member of the
Senate, and Dr. F. W. Hatch, general
superintendent of State hospitals, were
appointed a special commission and in
structed to inquire in a general way
into all the transactions of the board.
On August 15, 1904, the commission as
sembled in San Francisco and began
the investigation, which continued from
day to day until August 23. The mem
bers of the Board of Pharmacy, a num
ber of persons who had been candidates
at recent examinations and others were
examined, and the report of the com
mittee, with a transcript of the testi
mony taken, has recently been put in
my hands.
In brief, the conclusions reached by
the commission of investigation are
that the State Board of Pharmacy has
served the purpose of its creation by
regulating the practice of the profes
sion; that the charges made in the
newspaper articles before referred to
had little foundation so far as they al
leged intentional unfairness or discrim
ination between different candidates;
that, nevertheless, sufficiently strict
regulations to exclude the possibility of
Improper practices at examinations had
not been made and enforced; that it is
a mistake to maintain the office of the
Board of Pharmacy In the building of
one of two rival colleges of pharmacy;
that it Is unjust, if not illegal, to col
lect under the name of arrearages a
charge of $2 a year from former li
centiates for all the years they may
have been out of practice or practicing
In some other State before they are al
lowed to recommence practice hero,
and, finally, that there are a number
of amendments to the law which It
would be very desirable to make.
In accordance with the law which
prescribes that it shall be the duty of
the Governor to report to the Legisla
ture at each session all judgments ren
dered against the State and not there
tofore reported, the following list of
Judgments is submitted, all of them be
ing "coyote scalp" cases:
Wood, W. L.
Boyd. Maggie L
Dowda. O. W
Darlington, Abe
French, James
Henderson, Ell
Producers' Hank.......
Tucker, John E. etc.
(as administrator)...
Tucker, John E. etc.
(as administrator)...
Wood, W. L
PLAINTIFF.
Merced
Sacramento
Sacramento
Merced
Fresno
Fresno
El Dorado
Tlacer
Fresno
Tulare
Court.
1,900
i»,075
4.984
c
o
0
9,565
0,650
Mf
400
75
186
$190
3,845
585
390
7,295
14,720
3
e
i
o
400
2.S85
46
185
$190
3.840
165
365
6,880
S
Dec. 20, 'OS
Jan. 12, '03
Dec. 20, '02
Dec. 30, '02
Jan. 0, 'OR
Jan. 6, '03
Mar. 11, '03
lien. 31, 'H2
IJan. '03
p
Judgment.
400
2,385
45
186
"355
6,880
$190
3,840
3
I
Appropria-
tion, 1903
428
465
I 460
I 463
4*0
458
"0
j
9
From the report of the Attorney Gen
eral I learn that a money judgment
was finally obtained against the State
in an action entitled Lucy Jane Har
vey vs. Board of Trustees of Whittler
State School et al.. a suit which was
instituted many years ago and was
decided against the State in the lower
court. An appeal was prosecuted, and
on March 17, 1904, the Supreme Court
affirmed the judgment. The action was
one for damages on account of the vio
lation of a lease, and the amount of
the judgment is $1035, with interest
and costs. I am informed by the Board
of Trustees of the Whittler School that
there are no available funds from
which this judgment can be paid, and
that, in the opinion of said board, an
appropriation by the Legislature will
have to "be made to meet the same.
The only other actions in which
Judgments against the State have
been affirmed are what are commonly
known as the "coyote scalp" cases. The
Superior Court for Sacramento Coun-
Continued on Page lft
1516
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN P. SPRECKELS .... • — Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McNAUQHT , Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICES -THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
WEDNESDAY»...». ... ... .. .JANUARY 4, 1»0S
THE long delayed surrender of Port Arthur added to the record
of military achievement, but at the expense of many lives.
Stoessel's refusal to permit the exit of non-combatants sacrificed
many thousands who had no direct part in the defense, but who
rather incumbered it by adding to the drain on the commissary and
the work of the hospitals.
The fall of the fortress for the present disorganizes the plans of
Russia. The Baltic fleet was undoubtedly dispatched to the East in
the expectation that it would raise the siege by sea, but the siege is
over while the fleet is still south of the equator and Russia has no
home port on the Pacific to which it can resort except Vladivostock,
which is probably closed by ice and would have been unavailable
anyway in the presence of Togo's ships. The disposition of that
fleet becomes of immediate diplomatic interest. It is now resting in
a port of France, the ally of Russia. But that port is too far away
for a naval base, and as France is a neutral its stay should be limited
by the law of neutrality.
The French press exhibits great dejection over the loss of Port
Arthur and appeals to fear and prejudice by the outcry that Japan's
occupancy of that fortress is a menace to Europe. This will not
be believed in England and the United States. It is folly to
say that Japan can be a menace to Europe. Her war is defensive.
Port Arthur in Russian possession was a menace to her. She took it
from China fairly and was robbed of her victory by Russia. Re
stored now to China, it will cease to be a menace to Japan, which Is
all that empire seems to desire. If restored to China it will be, no
doubt, with some form of security that will prevent Russia coercing
China to regain possession of it. The world will respect Japan's
declaration that an honorable peace would now be welcome. There
is no doubt friendly intervention would end the war if Russia were
willing. She is in the East at all by reason of craft and cunning, and
the nations have but little sympathy for her misfortunes. Peace
would be a blessing to the whole world, which is sickened and sor
rowing over the appalling carnage. If peace could come it would
cause rejoicing everywhere. The prolongation of the war is recog
nized as carrying the risk of involving other nations.
From the military side the long resistance of Stoessel is im
pressive. But the success of Nogi is more so. At the long siege of
Sebastopol the forces of several nations opposed Russia. At Port
Arthur, stronger than Sebastopol, Japan fought alone. There is
every evidence, too, that she played the hard game of war according
to the rules and scores of thousands of her brave sons fell face to the
entrenched enemy. One soldier in the protection of a fortress being
equal to ten in a besieging force the forty thousand Russians in the
fort tactically outnumbered the Japanese by many thousands, and
this adds to the hard-won glory of Nogi.
It cannot be said that Russia played the game by the rules. The
destruction of war material after asking leave to capitulate is a vio
lation of the rules of war. Ammunition and ships must not be de
stroyed after a flag of truce has asked leave to surrender. While
Russia will applaud Stoessel's completion of the destruction of war
ships and of other material it dims his military reputation in the
estimation of the world.
One feature on the Japanese side is noticeable and appeals to
sentiment. They make no boast of their achievements, but speak of
the opposing soldiers with respect. Yamagata's dispatch to Nogi is
an example of this: "His Majesty, the Mikado, is pleased to state
that General Stoessel has rendered commendable service to his coun
try in the midst of difficulties and it is his Majesty's wish that mili
tary honors be shown him." This is far different from the ill-timed
boasting of General Kartzow, who escaped to Chefu, that one Rus
sian could whip three Japanese. The Russian soldiers fight well and
so do the Japanese, and the pity of it all is that the best blood of the
two nations is spent in a struggle that would never have been had
Russia shown respect for the rights of others.
All America hopes that the time is near when the far-sighted
policy of Secretary Hay will bring peace to the East, by the exten
sion of Chinese administrative entity and neutrality over Manchuria.
THE prompt and orderly organization of the Legislature is grati
fying to the State. It means a speedy choice of Senator and
steady work at legislation. It is hoped that an earnest effort will
be made, early in the session, to reform the scheme of assessing and
taxing property on the lines so thoughtfully studied out by the State
Grange. There are in sight many projects for mere social and social
istic measures which attempt to crystallize fads into doubtful re
forms. The time that may run to waste on these may well be de
voted to the needed tax reform.
The Legislature should also resubmit to the people the constitu
tional amendment putting American shipping on an equality with
foreign shipping by freeing it from local taxation. Unless this is
done the ships registered in our seaports'will steadily decline in num
ber. The economic reasons for such exemption are many and the
patriotic reasons are not few. We should not penalize the flag on
American ships by putting other flags above it in privilege. The
people were led astray on this proposition at the last election by
virulent misrepresentation of the purpose and scope of the amend
ment, and we are persuaded that they will correct their mistake if
given the opportunity.
The Legislature will act wisely, we believe, on a forestry statute,
to preserve that valuable resource of the State so necessary to ihe
equability of its climate and the fertility of its soil. It will also con
sider carefully the rectification of the rivers as put before it in the re
port of the engineers and will pay attention to the need of better
roads by providing a way for the construction 6f main thorough
fares in which the State has an interest as well as localities. The
demands of the State institutions for buildings and extensions are
very heavy and will need careful revision. There is much question
whether such costly buildings as are asked for are needed. More
room made comfortable may be given by cutting out the luxury of
equipment which is frequently a feature in these demands.
The needs of the university are great and should be sup
plied. It would be a great relief to those who administer that in
stitution if some permanent and progressive addition could be made
to its endowment, so that it will not have to go to every Legislature
hat in hand asking its dole. Improvidence of early administration,
which sacrificed its land grant instead of putting it under lease to'
await the increment of value which would mean millions, has Jo be
paid for now.
ON Thursday the committee appointed by the* River Conven
tion held in May last to report upon ways and means for
carrying out the recommendations of the engineers anent
the rectification of flood conditions in Californian rivers is to make
its report. At a meeting in the Palace Hotel, to be attended by Gov
ernor Pardee, such of the State's Congressmen and Congressmen
elect as are in the vicinity and the engineers directly interested, the
committee will report the substance of its labors of the past months
in the form of a practical working scheme for putting into effect the
extensive engineering feat that has been submitted by the experts.
Remedial measures for the floods that yearly cost the farmers of
the interior valleys thousands of dollars and render unnavigable the
two great waterways of the State are rapidly taking form. Since the
River Convention met in the spring three expert engineers from
without the State in consultation with the State Engineer have re
viewed the whole problem of the restraint of the Sacramento and em
bodied the results of their findings in a detailed report and recom
mendation. Secretary of War Taft has given the problem place in
his annual report by calling attention to the needs of immediate ac
t 1
THE FALLEN FORTRESS.
LEGISLATIVE WORK.
WAYS AND MEANS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1905.
PERFECT LOVE MEANS
NEW LIFE.
DOROTHY FENIMORE
THERE is one phenomenon of
love, possible also to exalted
friendship between man and
woman, which seems to me an
exquisite proof of spiritual
ity. I refer to that curious flash of
sympathy that comes sometimes to
two people of sympathetic tempera
ment.
This is, I believe, the most perfect
human companionship possible. It Is
most strangely glorifying. You see in
your companion's face a pure and
high emotion, before which earth and
all its sordid claims drop utterly
away.
When love or friendship comes to
one in such a way it means new life,
and new reason for living. It marks
the beginning of a day that dawns
in fullness of joy, of the only morn
whose first hopeful mood, "Another
day before me," is not shadowed by
the depressing consciousness, "And
another day behind me."
Is it not a folly to treat love by the
scientific methods so popular in our
times, and subject it to analysis?
SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE
IN A PICKLE.
Tenderfoot (excitedly)—l've just shot
at a man; is that a culpable offense out
here?
Westerner—Did you get your man?
Tenderfoot—No.
Westerner—Well, I'm afeerd it is,
then.
PREMAtURE.
She —Dearest, we'll have a lot to con
tend with when we are married. ,
He (absently)— Yes; we'll have each
other.
tion and deprecating the inability of the Government to stretch its
river appropriation to cover even in part the needs of our two
streams. Besides our representative in the President's Cabinet, Mr.
Metcalf, who is thoroughly conversant with the whole subject, we
have a solid delegation in Congress agreed upon the course of action
demanded by the situation.
The report of tjie River Convention's committee will be received
with especial interest since the project put forth by the engineers is a
monumental one and ways and means become the immediate ques
tions of the hour. Certain it is that the people of the State are
thoroughly aroused to the need of immediate and adequate action.
They will be guided in large measure by the wisdom of this com
mittee, whose careful study of the question renders its forthcoming
report authoritative.
When it comes to figuring- on the Souths representation we will show
that while we can permit the negro to register we cannot force him to vote
and Congress will have to credit us with those darkles who are qualified
Columbia State.
Rather we should accept what It
brings us in a grateful spirit, which
is in itself an assurance that In the
years to come Its Joys will be among
our fairest gems of memory.
It would not make the rich hues of
an American Beauty rose more beauti
ful to know by what process they are
formed from the soil. Certainly it
does not add to the splendor of the
zenith for one to realize that its deep
blue is produced by light shining
through a mist of dust particles
heavy with moisture. These facts are
Interesting and valuable, and to some
observers they may bring a renewed
pleasure in the wonders of the uni
verse. But they detract somewhat
from the delight of surprise with
which we look Into the azure deeps of
the heavens.
Knowledge Is likely to mean disil
lusionment in some degree. We adults
see the world with sober eyes because
we know so much. The children are
happier; to them the gift and glitter
of a pageant is real gold; the woods
are elfland, and the light comes in at
the window every morning just for
them.
This mood which longs for fantasy
and fairy tale rs not permanent with
me, I must confess. It comes and goes
like moonlight from a lightly clouded
sky. But while it lasts I revel in it.
It brings such soft enchantments to
the senses. It carries the sweet music
of such seductive melody as this:
"Love comes in youth, and in the
wakeful heart
Delight begins, soft as Aurora's
breath,
Fretting the silver waves, and dimly
sweet
As stir of birds in branches of the
dawn.
So soft, so sweet, thy touches round
my heart.
O fable, fable on."
If one would truly love, one must
not be too old of heart. Experience
ties one's fancies down. It is only when
we are young that love can make for
us "the face of nature radiant with a
purple light; the morning and the night
varied enchantments." So soon we find
ourselves meeting the world with dull
philosophy. We have seen too many
morns and evenings flush and fade.
But at least we can try not to forget
what love meant when first it came,
as fair as she whom Homer called "the
rosy-fingered daughter of the dawn."
O love, thy coming woke the waiting
day,
The dawn broke into glory at thy
voice,
And bade the birds within my
heart rejoice
Like those that welcome waking
morns of May.
THE VARIOUS PIECES.
Flim—l hear Klumsey has an auto
mobile.
Flam—Yes; It's all over town.
AT THE HOLIDAY DINNER.
The Hostess—Will you have white or
dark meat?
The Guest (absently)—lt doesn't
make any difference; I'm color blind.
GRACE'S
CAPTURE
James Harrigan
CLYDE PHILLIPS emptied his re
volver at his pursuers and tore
madly down the road. Presently
he reined in his horse and turned
to look Into the twin barrels of a shot
gun.
Further along the gun waa a decid
edly pretty face, which bore a look of
stern determination. Instinctively his
hands went up.
"That's better," said a girlish voice.
"What Is this?" he asked,
"a hold-up?"
I "Now throw those guns into the road."
"What is this?" he asked laughingly;
! "a hold-up?"
"You ought to know," she said terse
j ly, "you started it. Drop those guns
; quick"
"Evidently you are a volunteer," he
! said easily. "You don't have to play
the game like that. Those guns of mine
! are only loaded with blanks."
The girl laughed scornfully.
"But you dropped those poor men out
|of the saddle," she said meaningly,
i "You throw those guns down or I'll fill
' you full of buckshot."
With a laugh he tossed the pistols
. Into the road. The girl rode up and
j with the rope at.her saddle bow bound
| his hands together, bringing the arms
1 down. Then, dismounting, she utilized
i the rest of the rope to bind his feet to
j gether under the horse's body.
"Look here," said Phillips, uneasily,
j "What is this?"
"It means the game's up," she an
; swered. "I saw your description In the
I county papers two weeks ago. There's
j a reward of $10,000 up for you."
"Whom do you mistake me for?" he
j asked anxiously. "There is no reward
offered for me, and if you think to hold
me for ransom you make a grievous er
ror."
"There's no mistake," she said short
i ly. "I saw the report of your hold-up
: six weeks ago. Then came the offer of
reward and your description, and now
: I just saw you tumble three deputies
| into the road. I watched a chance to
, get in behind you. What did you stop
Iso suddenly for?"
"I was going back," he explained,
j "I'm the head of a motion picture ex
j pedition. We are down here taking a
; series of pictures of the hold-up of the
'■ paymaster's train by Butte Bill last
I week. I was playing the desperado,
; escaping from the posse sent to capture
him. As soon as I was out of range I
I started to go back to the party and
i found you."
"Quite a surprise, wasn't it?"
I "It was," he admitted frankly, "but
I it's something that can be easily ex
plained. If you will just lead me back
|to the party It will all turn out right."
j With scorn playing about a decidedly
! pretty mouth, she remounted her own
horse and catching the bridle of his
! turned the horses' heads down the road.
Phillips tried to argue, but to all en
■ treaties she was deaf, and finally he
kept silence and let her 1 lead him along
| the dusty trail, cursing the fate that
1 had led him beyond sight of his co
workers.
An hour passed before the trail led
I them from the foothills out upon the
prairie, and every foot of the way was
agony to Phillips, whose bonds cut with
every motion of the horse.
"Would you mind loosening these
ropes a little?" he asked finally. "You
see. we city men are not as used to the
saddle as you are out here."
The girl looked back coldly. "I guess
you can stand It for a while," she said
shortly. "I'm not going to take chances
with you. You're no city man."
"If you will feel in my coat pocket," I
he urged, "you will find papers that
Will prove my identity."
He spoke so earnestly that, half-con- !
vinced. she let her horse drop back and
slipped her hand first into the outside
then into the inside pockets. Ther,e was
not a shred of paper.
"What are you up to?" she asked '
sharply. "Did you think you could
reach my gun?"
"I had forgotten," he said shame- 1
facedly, "I changed to a costume and i
every scrap of paper is in my other i
clothes.."
"It will be a long time before you !
see those," she retorted grimly, "un
less you peach and tell where the gang
holds out."
"The Star Theater, Chicago, is
where my gang holds out." he laugh
ed. "If you ever come to Chicago I
should be pleased to extend to you all
the courtesies of the house—free
tickets, you know."
"Better wait until you get there,"
she cautioned. "If the boys get at you
before the Sheriff does—" she felt the
sentence unfinished, but there was no i
need of explanation.
"Where are we headed for?" he
asked after a silence, more to break
the solitude than anything else.
"To the shack first, for dinner," she
answered, "then fresh horses and by
the long route to Tulpas City."
"Why not the shorter way?" he
pleaded.
"And maybe run into your gang!
No, sir!" she retorted with emphasis.
"I've worked like a slave for my little
homestead. Sister and I have a quar
ter section each and we live together
where the two tracts join. We need
sbme money to get irrigation, and I'm
not going to take any risks of losing
you."
After that Phillips was silent, until
they came in sight of a small shack
.in the doorway of which stood a blue
clad figure. This he found was the
sister, and after he had dismounted
(with a pistol Inconveniently near his
ear) she it was who led the horses to
the stable while the other took him
inside and tied his legs to a chair.
They would not untie his hands
4f
THE SMART SET
In good old California fashion Mrs. J.
B. Schroeder and her daughter, Miss
Eugenic Hawes, hung out the latch
string on New Year's day and on the
day following. Their rooms at the
Pleasanton were thronged both after
noons with interesting people. Among
the bevy of the winter's debutantes
Miss Hawes is quite the beauty. Like
wise is she an interesting maid, with
many years of travel to her credit. On
New Year's eve Miss Hawes enter
tained a merry lot of young folk at an
old-fashioned "sheet and pillow case"
party, which was strongly reminiscent
of the happy, hospitable days of old,
when these rollicking affairs were quite
the proper caper.
A dinner waa given In the red room
)of the St. Francis last week by the la-
I dies of the Round Table Club. Thirty
! six guests were entertained, among
i them being those of intellect and cul
-1 ture. It was an unusually brilliant
| gathering, both women and men in
dulging in scintillant wit. The beauty,
also, of £he scene was one to be re
marked, the season's abundant flora
giving additional attraction. The guests
included the following, and a gathering
It was to be remembered: Mr. and
Mrs. John McNaught, Mr. and Mrs.
William Wheeler, Mr. and Mrs. Fre
mont Older, Mr. and Mrs. Franklin K.
Lane, Mr. and Mrs. Henry St. Goar,
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Payot, Mr. and
Mrs. Clarence Smith. Mr. and Mrs. Eu
gene Hoag, Mr. and Mrs. L. L. Dun
bar, Miss Grace Llewellyn Jones, Miss
Williams, Miss Ella V. McCloskey, Miss
Miriam Michelson, Professor Jerome
Landfleld, Porter Garnett, Charles Dut
ton, Francis R. Wall, Harry B. Torrey
and J. Burnett.
• • •
Of the many luncheons given this
season none was prettier nor more suc
cessful in every detail than that given
yesterday by Mrs. Redmond Payne In
honor of her sister, Miss Irene Sabln.
I The affair was elaborate. Two large
round tables seated the guests, twenty-
I four in all, the decorations contrasting
j vividly yet harmonizing most taste
; fully. Poinsettias graced one table; the
other in dainty dress of hyacinths and
snowdrops was exquisite in its snowl
ness. The guests asked to meet Miss
Sabin were Mrs. John I. Sabln, Miss
Pearl Sabin, Miss Marie Wells, Miss
1 Georgie Spieker, Miss Alice Borel, Miss
Sophie Borel, Miss Maud Payne, Miss
Eugenic Hawes, Miss Jessie McNab,
Miss Mayllta Pease, Miss Elsie Clifford,
Miss Louise Nowland, Miss Elsa
Draper, Miss Jeanette Hooper, Miss
Scott, Miss Belknap, Miss Beatrice Fife,
Miss Bray, Miss Mary Marriner, Miss
Anna Foster, Miss Mary Foster and
Miss Maye Colburn.
• * *
Miss Elsa Draper is contemplating
a visit to Colorado Springs, although
her plans are not yet definite. On
Sunday, January 1, the Draper home
on Jackson street was the scene of a
very jolly party of young people. This
is a hospitable house, and every Sun
day finds a group of merry folks con
gregated. The first day of the year
brought fifty or more callers, and a
merry time ensued until after 1
MISS KRUPP'S WEALTH
The statement has frequently ap
peared in the press that Fraulein Ber
tha Krupp, who inherited the big
Krupp iron works at Essen, Germany,
is the'richest woman in the world, but
the exact amount of her wealth has
usually been left to the reader's imag
ination. Information, however, regard
ing the amount of her annual income,
from one source, at least, has lately
been made public. The capital stock
of the Krupp Company is $40,000,000.
and most of this is the property of
Fraulein Krupp. Recently the com
pany declared a dividend of 6 per cent,
the total sum thus distributed being
$2,400,000, nearly all of which went to
the Fraulein herself. Doubtless she
also has other Investments which
serve to swell her yearly profits. Thus,
while her income does not compare
with that of some business magnates
in this country, it is sufficient to make
her a highly eligible catch in the es
timation of the aristocrats and prince
lings of the Old World. She is, how
ever, credited with being a sensible
business woman, who knows how to
take care of her riches and to use them
to better advantage than in mere os
tentation and pomp. She is accom
plished and benevolent, and Is said to
be in high favor with the Emperor and
Empress of the fatherland. She gives
personal attention to her great prop
erties and her extensive business, and
she is keenly Interested in the welfare
of the thousands of workingmen in her
employ.—Leslie's Weekly.
even while he ate and painstakingly
his captor, whom her sister called
Grace, cut up his meat and fed him.
As soon as the meal was over fresh
horses were brought around and they
began their long trip to Tulpas City.
The detour added four miles to the
route, but Grace would hear of no
change of plan and soon they were
making their way through another
pass.
Toward , dusk they were overtaken
by a horseman and with a shout of
joy Phillips hailed the Sheriff of Tul
pas County. In a few words the Chl
cagoan explained what had happened
and the Sheriff turned only to look
into the barrels of the shotgun which
Grace still carried.
"I've got two of you," she cried.
"Put up your hands!"
His hands shot up like a well
trained plainsman's should when he
is cornered and presently there were
two captives.
"I ain't one of his gang." pleaded
the Sheriff, "I'm the Sheriff of this
here county, an' I've come from over
Aurore way, where they shot up Butte
Bill day before yesterday."
"You tell that to the Sheriff," she
said. "You're most as good at invent
ing stories as he is," indicating Phil
lips.
At 10 o'clock that night the Sheriff
of Tulpas County and the picture man
were led up to the piazza of Red
Larkin's hotel in Tulpas City to the
keen delight of the loungers. Expla
nations and assurances followed
quickly, and the girl who had arrested
the Sheriff and the Chicagoan prompt
ly forgot her bravery and wept most
feminine tears.
Phillips escorted her back to the
ranch in the morning and incidentally
SALLY SHARP
o'clock, the New Year being appro
priately Initiated with eggnog and
the customary greetings.
• • •
Mrs. Richard Bayne will receive on
January 12 and January 18.
• • •
Miss Beatrice Fife will entertain
Miss Irene Sabin at a luncheon on
; January 12.
m m n
Mr. and Mrs. James R. McCracken
and Mr. and Mrs. Gay Lombard, who
have been sojourning at the St. Fran
cis for a few days, left Sunday night
for Pasadena to attend the flower
show.
• • •
Society in Washington, D. C, and
San Francisco has a common interest,
at present, in the engagement of Miss
Cornelia Dean Gordon and Isaac
Oliver Upham. Miss Gordon has
ited in San Francisco as the guest of
her brother, Philip Gordon, and has
many friends in this city. She ia the
daughter of General and Mrs. David
S. Gordon. Mr. Uphanf-ls the son ot
Isaac Upham of the firm of Payot,
Upham & Co., and is widely known in
the business and society world.
Mrs. Brown and Miss Adelaide
Brown are in town from Loa Angeles
and will be at the Hotel Cecil until
I spring.
* * *
A very pretty wedding took place
last evening, when Miss Maud Robin
son and Ernest Julian Mott were mar
ried at the home of the groom, 1685
Oak street. The house, which ia very
adaptable to the artistic arrange
ment of flowers and greens, was a per
fect bower, combining the beauty of
many exquisite plants. A bridal can
opy of live oak was erected in the
drawing-room and lined with St.
Joseph lilies. The halls were gar
landed with begonlaa, while the library
was a mass of Jonquils and narcissus,
with the dininjr-room adorned in
poinsettias. The bride, a graduate of
j the University of California, has been
! principal of one of Santa Barbara's
j grammar schools. She was gowned in
J white crepe over white taffeta and was
j attended by Miss Rose Horstslnger of
I Napa. The bridegroom la an attor
! ne> of thia city and ia a graduate of
j the Hastinga Law College. He was
aerved by John M. Gamble as beat
i man. The ceremony, taking place
! 8 o'clock, was performed by Rev.
i Richard Wyley, pastor of the First
! Presbyterian Church of Napa, in the
; presence of only the immediate rela
! tives. A reception, to which 300
■ guests were bidden, followed. Among
; the gifts were some very handsome
! Oriental bronze antiques.
• • •
Mrs. Leopold Mlchels gave a dinner
in the white and gold dining-room of
the St. Francis on Sunday evening.
The guests of honor were Mr. and
Mrs. Sigmund Greenbaum and Miss
Greenbaum. The table decorations
were very pretty and appropriate for
the season. On the 17th Mrs. Michels
will entertain nearly twenty of the sea
son's buds at luncheon. This will be
a particularly fashionable and elab
orate affair.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
WIDOW—H. W., City. The widow of
a war pensioner of the United States
is entitled to the pension upon the
death of her husband.
LAKES.—W. R., Fairbanks, Cal. The
elevation of the Great Salt Lake,
Utah, above the sea level is given as
4250 feet. That of Utah Lake in the
same State as 4300.
WASTE—T. B , City. For such in
formation as you desire about waste in
ores call at the office of the California
Mining Bureau in the Ferry building,
this city, and what you want to know
will be explained to you.
SECRET AGE—Subscriber. City. Se
cretage is a term used by hatters for
an action to preserve skins. It was
first brought into notice by Dubois in
1728. It is a preparation of three
pounds of mercury to sixteen pounds'
of nitric acid. The secretage results
In trembling of the teeth, the arms and
at times the entire body.
ICE—A Subscriber, City. It is a gen
eral law in physics that materials oc
cupying a greater volume in the solid
than ift the liquid form have their
melting point lowered by pressure. Ice
belongs to this class and is no excep
tion to the rule. Water in the ordinary
cases freezes at the degree of heat
marked 32 on the Fahrenheit thermome
ter and naught on the Centigrade nd
Reaumur. Water in becoming solid
expands about one-ninth of its volume
or bulk.
to ga| his horse back, but though he
rode his own animal back to town,
he found it necessary to make several
more trips, which resulted in his tak
ing Grace with him when he went
back to Chicago. The Sheriff is to
marry the sister in the spring and run
the farm for her. His official position
has lost its charm for him since he
was held up by a woman.
(Copyright. 1904, by T. C. McClure,)
RECEPTION TO SUPT. LANGDON
AND PRESIDENT RONCOVIERI
SUGGESTED FOR TO-DAY.
Editor The Call: Permit me to sug
gest that the teachers and gen
eral public tender Superintendent
Langdon and President Roncovieri a
reception to be held at an early day
in recognition of the service they have
rendered the schools of this city dur
ing this week. To this end permit me
to further suggest that a representa
tive of each school be sent to the City
Hall on Wednesday, the 4th, at 4 p. m.,
Teachers' Club room. Respectfully, '
City, Jan. 1. M. BABCOCK.
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st.«
It is just like a woman to think it
would be much more Immodest to cllmh
down a fire escape In pajamas. mD
Special information supplied daiw »•
business houses and public men b«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen™)? tVcSi*
tonus/ street. Telephone Mala" ItS, •COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Nezv York Stocks from V 2 to 3 points higher. Cotton advanced.
Sterling Exclumgc becoming tinner again. Silver weaker.
U'heai quiet and unchanged. Freights low and demoralized.
Barley and Oats firm. Corn weak. Rye steady.
Hay, Bears and Feedstuffs as before quoted.
Good Potatoes firm; inferior plentiful and weak. Onions lower.
Poultry market in good condition, but Game lower.
Orange auction sales for the season open to-day.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins still quiet.
Provision and Meat markets well supplied and dulL
Hides active; salted higher. Wool nominal. Hops unchanged.
Butter and Eggs in good supply and easy. Cheese steady.
Mining Stocks continue active, but the others dull.
cotton and Russian and Japanese
Bonds.
Wires from New York yesterday said:
COTTON—The situation and outlcok In the
cotton market this morning were favorable
to a further recovery In prices, as the Livei •
. pool advance Is considerably more than had
teen expected We believe, however, that a
considerable portion of the rise at Liverpool
has been Influenced by the misleading reports
printed in the papers here Sunday and cabled
• 'over to Liverpool to the effect that a com
bination of bankers had been expected to fur
nish capital and a syndicate to carry more
than a million bales. We are unable to con
firm the story.
BONDS—Americans In London axe steady.
Japanese bends in London advanced 1 to 2
points. Russian bonds declined about a point.
Consols are strong, and have gained 1 per
, cent since Christmas.
Government Money Here.
Julius Jacobs, Assistant Treasurer of the
United States in San Francisco, reports the
cash on hand in the Sub-Treasury on Decem
ber 81, as follows:
United State* notes $84,468 00
Treasury notes of 1890 062 00
National Bank notes 81.225 00
Gold certificates 133.360 00
Silver certificates 136.52S 00
Gold coin 12.588.183 40
Standard silver dollars 80,452.375 OtX
Subsidiary silver coin 347.183 95
MJnor coin 38,245 32
•Fractional currency 14 88
Interest paid 1,470 10
Total $43,864,316 65
Shipped in December —
Standard silver dollars $173,000
Fractional sliver coin , 120.025
Total $302,025
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 3 —Close: Money on call
—Steady, 2%®3% per cent; closing, 3; offered,
8% p>-r cent.
Time loans—Firmer: sixty and ninety days,
■3... per cent; six months, 3%®4 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper—4®4% per cent.
Sterling exchange—Weak, closed firmer, with
aetuai business in bankers' bills at $4.5655®
4 8605 for demand and at $4.5465®4.8470 for
sixty day bills.
Posted ratee—s4 85%®4 88.
Commercial bills—s4 84%.
Bar silver —61% c.
Mexican dollars—lßc.
Bonds — Governments, Irregular; railroads,
firm.
New York Stock Market.
• NEW YORK, Jan. 3— Developments of OT
exf*cted Importance confronted the stock mar
ket for its interpretation Tilth the opening of
the new year's business this morning. The.:
fair 01" Port' Arthur and the decision In the
. Northern Securities injunction suit have long
been awaited as events of prime importance by
those operating in stocks. The moderate effect
to-day is easily explainable from the very fact
that these events were long anticipated. There
was some rather wide fluctuation during the
morning, but the moderate proportions of the
dealings warned those sharing In them that
they were not in a large company and the
marks* settled,down toward the latter part of
• , lay to a rather dull tons and with the
ac.-anees indifferently held. There was some
(Msposition to attribute this effect to a third
widely expected event, namely, the resump
tion of the campaign by published advertise
ments against the prices of stocks. There was
not, in fact, any very powerful palpable evi
dence of the dire effects threatened for the
market by this morning's proclamation. But
it is not improbable that there was some
dread of the occurrences of such events, which
had its part in deterring operators from active
dealings.
The sudden rise In Amalgamated Copper,
with evidence of some confusion among the
shorts In the stock, was the motive of a
rally late in the day which made the closing
strong.
There was a broad market for bonds at
higher prices. Total sales. par value,
•$6,020,000.
United States twos registered declined %
end the twos coupon advanced % per cent
on call.
New York Stock List,
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atehison 8,700 88% 87% 88%
Atchison pfd 1.300 101% 100% 100%
Atlantic Coast Line 400 124 123% 124
Bait A Ohio 40.100 106 105 105%
Bait A Ohio pfd 95%
Canadian Paclflo... 4,000 133% 133% 133%
Central of N J 200 190% 190% 190
Oheeap & Ohio ... 1,000 49 48% 48%
Chi A Alton 800 43% 42% 42%
Chi & Alton pfd... 200 83 82 % 81%
Chi G Western 18,300 23% 22% 23%
Chi A Northwestn. 700 209% 208% 208%
Chi Mil A St Paul. 88.400 175% 172 170%
Chi Term A Trans. 1,400 12 11 11
Chi Term A T pfd. 400 22 21 21%
C C C A St Louis 91
Colo A Southern. .. 200 23% 28% 23%
Colo A S Ist pfd.. 500 82% 61% 62%
Colo A S 2d pfd.. 36
Del A Hudson. ... 700 188 185% 184%
Del Lack A West 340
Denver A R G 31%
Denver AR G pfd. 600 SO% 86% 86%
Erie 54,700 3» 37% 38%
Erie Ist pfd 6,400 76 % 75% 76%
Erie 2d pfd 2,400 67 65% 56%
Hocking Valley .. 300 90% 90 90%
Hocking Val pfd.. 100 02% 92% 81
Illinois Central ... 3,900 157 156% 166%
Icwa Central 200 30% 80% 30
lowa Central pfd.. 200 66% 66% 50
X C Southern 300 28 23 28
X C Southern pfd. 000 52% 52 52%
Louis A Nash 2,800 141% 139 141
Manhattan L 900 165% 165 165
AUtropoiitan Secu. 1,700 79% 70 79%
Metropolitan St Ry 4.300 12! % 120% 120%
Mexican Central .. 3,400 22' 2 22 22%
M'nn A St Louis 81
M StP A Sit Ste M 200 01 90 90
M StP&SItStM pfd 146%
Missouri Pacific ... 7,100 108% 107 107%
Mo Kan A Texas.. 200 36% 32% 32%
Mo Kan A Tex pfd 200 64 62% 62%
N R R of Mcx pfd 39%
N V Central 1.400 143% 141% 143%
N V Ont A West. 1,000 41 % 41 41%
Norfolk i Western 8.500 80% 70% 80%
Norfolk & W pfd 02
Pennsylvania 44,900 138% 138 % 130%
Pitts C C A St L 77
Reading 20,000 SO% 78% 80
Reading Ist pfd .. 700 91 02 »i%
Reading 2d pfd ... COO 85 85 84%
R k Island C 0.... 29,300 37 % 36% 30%
Rock Island Co pfd 200 84 84 83%
St LSF 2d pfd... 300 71% Tl 71
St Louis SW 25
St Louts S W pfd. 3.500 55% 57% 65%
■ • iii PacUte ■ ■ 53.700 6C% 64% 66
S ijtl.ern Pac pfd.. 600 116 115% 115%
Southern Railway. 8.100 36 35 35%
Southern Ry pfd.. 3,500 07 97 96%
Texas A Pacific .. 700 .15% 36% 35
To! St L A West.. 100 36% 36% 3C
TIFtI, £ W pfd. 200 54i 4 54 63%
T, io ;i Pacific 211.200 116% 114% 110%
Union Pacific pfd.. 300 07 % 97% 07
Wafeash 2,700 22 21% 21%
Wabash pfd <«*> 43 42% 43
Wheeling ALE.. 500 19% 18% 10
Wis Central 600 22 % 21% 22
W's Central pfd... 200 45% 45% 45
Express Companies—
nn 'y. IOO 210 ' 230*' 200
United Slates J. 19
W>lls-FnrgO 100 235 235 233
Misc!l»neous—
Amal Opper 70.400 74 % 70% 74
M i«r G & F 1,000 34 V ** 34%
< mor rA F pfd.. 700 04% 04% 04%
\rrer Cot Oil 10ft 36% 36% 36
Amer Cot Oil pfd 91
Aire,- Ire 600 6% 6% 6%
Amer lee ofd 37
Air.*r Lin Oil
A:-.i<r Lin -C!l pfd •••• ?>•
Awer r.orv.mr.tlve.. 2.000 35% 34% 35%
. ' ;ner l/)or,m pfd 103
« & -ft 4,000 52% 81% 82%
: - g. i> , lf ,i . 10ft 113 113 113
/.ire- Siigrr Ref ■ R,f*o 343% 142 143%
Am lob p.'d Ctrl If 1.400 W 02% (13%
Ananoor'ls Mln Co 70ft 110., 100 100
Brooklyn R T .. R.'WO 6i% 61 61%
'•olorado F A 1.. 7,200 47 % 46% iIK
Consolidated Gas.. 2.100 188 1871.; 108
Corn Products .... 200 21% 20% 21%
Corn Products pfd. 200 78 78 77%
Distillers' Secur .. 1,000 39 38% 38
General Electric .. COO 187% 187 V* 187
Inter Parer 600 23 % 23 22U
Inter Paper pfd . . 400 77 $ 76% 70
Inter Pump 38%
InW Pump pfd ... 100 87% 97% 87
National Lead -4%
North American ... 000 102 101% 100
Pacific Mail 7.500 48% 45 4.%
People's Gas 1.700 107% 107 107%
Pressed St Cur 38%
Pressed St Car pfd 100 00% 00% 00
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 237 237 2.17
Republic Steal .... 600 17% 16% 1«%
Republic St pfd .. 600 71% il <1%
Rubber Goods 300 27% 27 27
Rubhor Goods pfd ••••
Tennessee CSt 1.. 2.800 71% 70% .1%
0 B leather 3.100 14 13% 13%
U B Leather pld... 3.400 102% 101% 101%
U I Rubber" '.'.*.'.'.'. '' 100 33% '33% 33%
O S Rubber pfd .. 300 00 99 08%
U S Steel 74.200 30% 29%- 30%
r S Steel pfd .... 6.600 03 % 02% 03%
Vir-Car Chem .... 2.800 30% 37% 38%
Vir-Car Chem pfd.. 400 100 108 100
■VVestinEbou.se 100 180 180 170
Western Union .... 2.000 05 83 04%
; .—
Total sales 007.100
New York Bonds.
U S ref 2s reg. .104% Japan 6s. cert 05%
Do coupon 104%|L & N unified 4s.H > 2%
Do 3s reg 103%; Man con gold 45.1u0%
Do coupon 104%:Mex Central 45... 74' a
Do new 4s reg. 130%] Do Ist mc 24%
Do coupon 130%jMinn & St L 4s 97
Da old 4s reg. 105% IM. X & Texas 4s. 100%
Do coupon 106%! Do 2ds 86%
Amer Tob 4s. cert 71%|NR of Mcx con 4s 82
Do 6s cert... 110% IN V C gen 3%5.. 99%
Atch gen 4s 103%|N J C gen 65.... 133%
Do adj 4s 04%,N0r Pacific 4s 104%
Atlantic C L 45.101 Do 3s 77
Bait St Ohio 45.103%!N0r & W con 45.101%
Do 3%s 04%'0 S L refndg 4s. 07>4
Central of Ga 55.113%! Pa cony 3%s 103'j
Do Ist lnc 92 IReading gen 45...101
Do 2d mc 72% S L & I M con 65.117
Ches & Ohio 4X<.5.108 |S L & S F fg 4s. SS%
Chi Sz Alton 3%a. 80% St L S W con 4s. 81%
C. B & Q new 4s. 00 I Seaboard A L 4s. .85
C, RI & Pac 4s. 82%!50 Pacific 4s 05%
Do col 5s 05%!50 Railway 55....117%
C.C.C & SLgn 45,101 ITex A: Pao 15t5..120%
Chi Term 4s 86%1T01. St L & W 4s. 84
Colo Mid 4s 75 ! Union Pacific 45.105%
Colo &So 4s 01%1 Do cony 4s 116%
Cuba ss, cert. . .103%1T* S Steel 2d 55.. o^%
Den A Rio G 4s. 100% I Wabash lsts 118%
Dist Securities 5s 70%1 Do deb B 66%
Erie prior lien 4s.loo%|Western Md 45.. 00%
Do gen 4s 01%|W & L Erie 45... 04
F W & D C lsts.loß% ! Wls Central 4a... 00%
Hock Val 4%5...100 |
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con ZOjLtttle Chlsf 05
Alice 70 Ontario 3 75
Breece 18|Ophlr 6 50
Bruns Con 00 Phoenix _ 07
Com Tunnel (0 Potosl 20
Con Cal A Va... 1 05 Savage 24
Horn Silver ..... 1 50!Slerra Nevada.... 55
Iron Silver 2 OOlSmall Hopes 27
Leadvllle Con 02jStandard 1 50
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— (United Fruit 105%
Call loans 3 ®4IU S Steel 80%
Time loans 3%®5! Do pfd 03%
Bonds—• IWesting Common. 88
Atchison 4s 102%' Mining-
Do adj 4s 04 Adventure 6%
Mcx Central 4a .. 73 Allouez 20
Railroads— Amal Copper 73%
Atchison 8«% Amer Zinc 12%
Do pfd 100% Atlantic 37%
Boston A Albany.2s4 (Bingham 34%
Boston A Maine. 172 I Calumet A Hecla6."o
Boston Elev 155%!Centennlal 25%
Fitchburg pfd 142 ICopper Ranre ... 68%
Mcx Central 2l%!Daly West 12%
N V, N H A H..10S IDom Coal 61
Pere Marquette... 78 IFranklln 32
Union Pacific 116%;Grancy 5
Miscellaneous — lisle Royale 274
Amer Arge Chem. 20%iMass Mining .... 0%
Do P*d 86 I Mohawk 53%
Amer Pneu Tube. s%!Mont Coal A Coke 5
Amer Susar 142%!01d Dominion ... 28%
Do pfd 138 lOsceola 06%
Amer Tel A Tel. 147 H ! Parrot 20%
"Amer Woolen .... 22%!Qulncy 110
Do pfd .*. 02% Shannon 8%
Dom Iron A 5... 18 ITamarack 120
Ed Elect 81um..254 Trinity 10
Gen Electric 188 It* S Mining.- 24%
Mass Electric 13%!U S Oil 11
Do pfd 59 [Utah 42%
Mass Gas 38 Ivictorla B
Un Shoe Mach... 62V.!Wlnona 12
Do pfd 31%iWolverlne 106
London Closing Stocks. 1
Cons money...Bß 11-16 IN V Central 146%
Do acct 88%! Nor A Western... 82%
Anaconda SV-i Do pfd 06
Atchison 01%lOnt A Western... 42%
Do pfd 103%: Pennsylvania 71' i
Bait A Ohio 108% Rand Mines 11%
Can Pacific 137 I Reading 41
Ches A Ohio 60%! Do Ist pfd 47
Ch! Great West.. 23%! Do 2d pfd 43
Chi, Mil A St P. 17«% So Railway 36%
De Been 18 I Do pfd 00'
Den A Rio G 33 |So Pacific 68
Do pfd 79 lUnion Pacific 118%
Eric 89 [ Do pfd 00%
Do Ist pfd 77 U TJ S Steel 31%
Do 2«l pfd 57 I Do pfd 96
111 Central 161%!Wabash 23
l.oufs A Nash 144 I Do pfd 44
M. X A Texas... 33%! Spanish 4s 80%
Bar silver—Steady; 28 5-16 d per ounce.
Money—l %®2 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2 5-1f1®2% per cent and f or
three months' bills 2 3-16 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, .Tan. 3.—To-day's statement
of the Treasury shows: Available cash bal
ance, $146,502,680; gold. $70,644,318.
Xew York Cotton Market,
NEW YORK, Jan. 3. —COTTON—Futures
opened steady. January. 6.CCc; March, 6.80 c;
April, 6.92 c; May, 6.03 c; June, 7.01 c; July,
7.C5c; August, 7.13 c.
Spot cotton closed quiet, 15 points higher.
Middling uplands, 7.10 c; middling gulf, 7.35 c.
Sales. 20,700 bales.
Cotton futures closed firm. February, 6.80 c,
March, 7.04 c; June, 7.16 c; July, 7.24 c.
Xew York Grain and Prodnce.
NEW YORK, Jan. 3.—FLOUR—Receipts,
21,000 barrels; exports, 11,600 barrels. Dull
but steady.
WHEAT—Receipts, 121,300 bushels. Spot,
firm; No. 2 red, nominal elevator and $1 23
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 25%
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened higher on bull
ish weekly statistics and strong Liverpool
cables, followed by reactions under the liberal
trade in the West. On subsequent reports of
a good Northwest cash demand and better
bull support the market rallied again, but
finally broke under liquidation, closing %@%c
net lower. May, $1 14%@1 16%, closed at
81 14%; July, |1 02%@1 03%. closed at
$1 02%.
HOPS—Steady.
) KTROLEUM—Steady.
HlDES—Steady.
WOOL—Firm.
COFFEE — Spot steady.
81 CAB—Haw. steady; refined, firm; No. 8,
5 2& ; No. 7, 5.20 c; No. 8. 4.55 c; No. 0, 5.05 c;
No. 10. sc; No. 11. 4.00 c; No. 12. 4.85 c; No.
13. 4.75 c; No. 14, 4.70 c; confectioners' A, 5.70 c;
mold A. 6.20 c; cut loaf, 6.56 c; crushed, 6.55 c;
powdered, 6.95 c; granulated. 5.86 c; cubes.
6.10 c.
BUTTER—Strong. Western factory, com
mon to choice, 14@17c; Western Imitation
creamery, common to choice, 17®22e.
OIIFESK—Strong State, full cream, small,
colored and white, fancy, 12c: do fine. 11 %c.
EGOS—St.-ady. Western fancy selected, 28c;
do firsts, 27c.
Xcw York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Jen. 3.—There was a bad
break In the London tin market, with spot at
£132 2s €d and futures £131 10s. Locally the
market was easier in sympathy, spot being
quote.! at $20620 07%.
Cpper was higher again In London, spot
cloning at £68 12* Od and fu'urea at £C 8 18s
9d. Locally there was no change, with lake
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4. 1905.
! quoted at $15 miftir. 25, electrolytic at $154»
j 15 25 and casting at $14 02%@14 87%.
Lead was higher in Londc closing at £12
ISs 06. Locally prices were unchanged, rang
ing from ?-! 60® to $4 75.
Speltur was quoted at £25 69 in London and
at SO Vim: 15 locally.
Iron was a little higher abroad. Locally
the market is firm.
Visible; Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Jan. 3 —The visible suyply of
grain Saturday, December 31, as compiled by
the New York Produce Exchange, is aa fol
lows: Wheat, 40,610.000 bushels, increase 1000
bushels; corn, 0,577,000 bushels, increase 2.3C0.-
UOO bushels: oats, 22.892,000 bushels, decrease
780,000 bushels; rye 1.953.000 bushels, decrease
12T.Q00 bushels; barley, 6,008,000 bushels, in
; crease 58,000 bushels.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
_____ c
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Jan. 3.—The greatest strength of
the wheat market was at tho Immediate open
ing. Initial quotations on May delivery
showed a gain of %@%c at $1 15 to $1 15%.
The principal source of strength lay In the
weekly statistics. The domestic situation also
was construed ac favorable to the bulls, the
arrivals in the Northwest being much smaller
than those of last week.
Later In the day a rumor that the visible
supply had Increased nearly three million
1 bushels caused a decided commotion in the pit.
; For a time offerings were much in excess of
the demand. The result was a sharp break In
! prices. May dropped to $1 18%. Official flg
j urea, however, failed to donfirm the sensational
report, the increase being estimated at only
' 001,000 bußhels. The market recovered a por
| tlon of the loss in consequence of fair buying
j brought out by the more bullish aspect of the
1 statistics and closed easy with May oft %c
lat SI 14.
In consequence of the bearish character of
i weekly statistics the corn market exhibited
j considerable weakness. Ma!y cloeed %®%c
1 down at 44% c.
The decline in corn had a depressing effect
jon the oats market. May closed at 31%@31%c.
Considering a decline of 10c In the price of
i hogs, the provision market waa firm. May
! pork cloeed unchanged, lard unchanged and
ribs a shade lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
j Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
! Wheat No. 2 —
May 1 15% 1 15% 1 18% 1 14
July 88% 08% 08 08%
Corn No. 2 —
January 42% 42% 41% 41%
j May ..... 45% 45% 44% 44%
I July 45% 45% 45 46
Oats No. 2—
January 28% 20% 28% 20%
May . 31% 81% 31% 81%
July A 81% 81% 81% 81%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 12 45 12 46 12 40 12 40
! May 12 77% 12 82% 12 77% 12 80
Lard, per 100 lbs-
January 6 70 680 6 77% 6 77%
May 7 02% 7 07% 7 02% 7 06
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs-
January 6 37% 646 687 % 640
May 6 70 6 75 6 70 8 70
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Jan. B.—Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, firm; No. 2 spring wheat,
fl 10® 1 15; No. 3, 08e®$l 13; No. 2 red, $1 15%
®1 18%: No. 2 corn, 42% c; No. 2 yellow, 42% c;
No. 2 oats, 30% c; No. 2 white 31 %®32c; No.
5 white 30%0620; No. 2 rye. 75c; good feed
ing barley, 36@37e; fair to choice malting, 41®
48c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 15; No. 1 Northwestern,
$122%; mess pork, per barrel, $12 40@12 45;
short ribs Bides (loose), $6 12%®6 37%; short
clear sides (boxed). $6 62%@0 75; whisky, basis
of high wines, $1 24; clover, contract grade,
$12 75.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 6.400 8.400
Wheat, bushels 28.000 41.900
Corn, bushels 303,000 857,700 I
Oats, bushels 71,100 184.000
Rye. bushels 2,000
Barley, bushels 64,000 20,300
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Jan. 3.—On the Produce Exchange
to-day the butter market was steady. Cream
eries, 17®28c; dairies, Eggs, Arm at
mark cases Included, 20®24c. Cheese, steady,
llffil2c.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Chicago.
CHICAGO. Jan. 3. —CATTLE—Receipts,
35<i0: steady: good to prime steers, $5 50®
6 35; poor to medium. $3 75®5 35; Blockers
and feeders. $2 30®4 25: cows, $2®4; heifers,
82 38435: canners, $1 50®2 40; bulls, $2®4 10;
calves. $3 5C«7.
HOGS—Receipts. 35,000; to-morrorr, 38,000;
steady; mixed and butchers. $4 35®4 72%:
good to choice heavy. $4 60'a4 75: rough heavy,
$4 35*3 4 50: light. $4 25154 55; bulk of sales,
$4 52t*.f?4 65.
SHEEP—Receipts, 15,000: sheep and lambs,
strong; good to choice wethers, $5®5 75; fair >
to choice mixed, $4 80@5; native lambs, $5®
7 36.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Jan. 3.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 7000: steady; native steers, $3 75®6;
native cows and helferl. $1 75®4 50; stockers
and feeders. $2 75®4; bulls. $2 25"t/'4; calves.
$::'<Ki 5o- Western steers, $7? 50fr5 25; Western
cc.ws. $1 75®3 50.
HOGS—Receipts, 10,000; steady; bulk, $4 25
@4 50; heavy. $4 50®4 55: packers, $4 35®
4 50; pigs and lights, $3 75'?4 40.
SHEEP —Receipts, 3000; steady: muttons.
Si .:, ,".0; lambs. $5 50f»7; range wethers, $5®
6; ewes. $3 75@4 75.
Omaha.
OMAHA, Jan. 3.—CATTLE—Receipts, 2600:
10c lower; native steer 9. $3 25®6; cows and
heifers, $2 50@4; canners, $1 50®2 40; stock
ers and feeders, $2 50®3 85; calves, $2 50®
6 50; bulls and stags, $1 75®3 40.
HOGS —Receipts, 7000; market 5c higher;
heavy, $4 30®4 45; mixed, $4 35®4 45; light,
$4 40®4 60; pigs, $4@4 40; bulk of sales.
$1 »7%Q4 45.
SHEEP —Receipts, 3500; stronger; Western
yearlings. $5@5 65; wethers, $4 80®5 50: ewes.
$404 75; common and stockers, $2 50®4 60;
lambs, $5 35@6 70.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Op-'ning 7 % 7 00 7 %
Closing 71 7% 7%
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. May-Aug.
Openln* 23 75 25 00
Closing 23 80 24 00
Flour —
Opening 31 80 32 75
Closing 31 40 32 70
Boston Wool Market.
POPTON, Jan. 3.—The trade consists almost
entirely for lots piecing out larger purchases
previously made. That high values are to be
maintained on wool seems assured, as all the
avnilffblo supply In pig] ( has been bought at
high prices. Territory wools are firm and
pulled grades steady. Quotations:
Territory: Idaho—Fine, 18%®10c; heavy
fine, ICJil7c; fine medium, 18%®19c; medium,
22fi23c; low medium, 23®24c.
Wyoming—Fine, 17%$iis%c; heavy fine, 15
616o: fine medium, 17%®18%c; medium, 23
*r24e.
Utaß and Nevada —Fine, 17®18c;'?heavy fine,
35*i>36c; fine medium, 17%®18c; medium, 22®
23c. ________
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Jan. 3.—WHEAT—For export:
Walla Walla, 81c; bluestem, 85c; milling,
Walla Walla. 85c; bluestem. valley,
87c. lCast m basis: Walla Walla, 83®85e;
bluestem, 90c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 3.—WHEAT—Unchanged.
Bluestem. 88c; club. Ssc.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Jan. B.—Clearings, $872,085; bal
ances, $113,483.
TACOMA, Jan. 8. —Clearings, $540,768; bal
ances, $52,308.
PORTLAND. Jan. B.—Clearings, $1,157,402;
balances, $1t>3,182.
SPOKANE. Jan. 3.—Oarings, $666,866; bal
ances, $62,081. _______
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days..s4 85 @ —
St-.rllng Exchange, sight 4 87%®- —
Sterling Exchange, cables 488 @ —
New York Exchange, sight 02%® —
New York Exchange, telegraphic 05 @ —
Silver, per ounce 61%® —
Mexican Dollars 49%® —
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris 5.15
New York on Mexico 203
Paris on London 25.13%
Berlin on London 20.40%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS —The new year opens
v.ith the freight market In very poor condition
for shipowners. The combination of European
has failed to maintain Its rates of 22s
(id fixed months ago, and the present quota
tions are 15s from this port and 20s from the
north and even these low rates are nominal, aa
there Is no business at them. Meanwhile
many of ihe disengaged fleet have left port
seeking business elsewhere, so it will be seen
that the freight market is in a demoralized
condition. The chartered wlrat fleet In port
has a registered tonnage cf 10,406, against 10,
--570 tous on the same date last year; dlsen
gagef!, 38,650 tons, against 1)5,000; on the way
to this port, 176,924 tons, against 194,300.
WHEAT—The foreign markets were quiet
and steady. The world's shipments for the
week were as follows, in quarters: Russian,
278.000; Danubian. 35.000; Argentine. 51,000;
Indian, 337,000; Australian, 61,000.
Chicago was rather lower and devoid 06
feature. This market opened quietly after the
holidays, with no changes worthy of com
ment, except an advance in futures in the
afternoon.
CASH WHEAT/.
California Club, $1 45®1 52%; California
White Australian, $1 60@1 62%; Northern
Club, $1 60® 1 55; Northern Bluestcm. $1 60®
1 62%; Northern Red, $1 47% per ctl.
PUTUREB.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low Close.
May $1 45 $1 45 $1 45 $1 45
December—No sales; $1 30% bid, $1 32 asked.
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 45% $1 45% $1 45% $1 45%
BARLEY —The stock in regular warehouses
and on wharf January 1 was 21,998 tons,
against 36,662 UN*) December 1. The market
was fairly active yesterday, there being a
number of sales of Feed at $1 15, but futures
were quiet.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed $1 12%®1 15; Brewing and Shipping,
$1 17%®l 20; Chevalier. $1 15®1 20 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. ra.
May—sl 10%.
S p. m. Session.
May—sl 10%.
OATS—The stock in regular warehouses
January 1 was 3254 tons, against 4036 tons
December 1. The market continues firm with
a fair demand, especially for seed, but quota
tions show no change.
White. $1 40ui 67%; Surprise. $1 55® 1 60;
Red for feed, $1 45® 150 for No. 1 and
$1 40® 1 42% for No. 2; choice, for seed,
$1 60®1 65; Black, $1 30® 1 35 tor teed and
$1 45@1 62% for seed.
CORN —Previous prices rule and the mar
ket is quiet and without new feature. The
stock in regular warehouses January 1 was
431 tons, against 467 tons December 1.
Western sacked. $1 26@1 30 for new Yellow,
White and Mixed; old California Yellow and
White, $1 40®1 42%; new California large
Yellow, $1 27V_®1 30; small round do. $1 65®
1 80; White. $1 27%®1 30; Egyptian. #1 35®
1 37% for White and $1 17%@1 20 for Brown.
RYE —Firmly held and unchanged at $1 42%
@1 47% per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT—SI 50® 1 75 per otL
Flour and Mill stuff a
There is nothing new to report under this
head.
FLOUR—California Family Extras. $4 80#
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70®5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4@4 50
per bbl.
MILI.STUFFS—Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3 25 (in barrels $4 76); Rye Meal,
$3 50 (In barrels $4 60); Rice Flour, $7; Corn
Meal $2 50; extra cream do, $3 60; Oat Meal,
$4; Oat Groats, $4 25; Hominy, $3 60®3 85;
Buckwheat Flour $4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farum $4; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls $6 75®7 50: in sacks, $4 25; Pearl
Barley $5; Split Peas, boxes. $5 60; Green
. Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstnffs.
There is no change in these products, which
have not yet recovered from the holiday inter
rupticn to business. The stock of Bran In
regular warehouse January 1 was 279 tons,
against 231 tons December L
BRAN—$2O®2l 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS—S2S®2B per ton.
SHOUTS—S2O®2I 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS—RoIIed Barley, $24®24 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 50®
82 50; jobbing $33; Cocoanut Cake, $23© 24;
Cocoanut Meal. $24@25; Corn Meal, $31 50®
X; Cracked Corn. $32®32 50; Mixed Feed. $22
023; Horse Beans. $30@40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY —Wheat $9®14 50; Wheat and Oat,
tOOIS 50: Oat, $9<U 12; "Barley and Oat. $8@10;
Volunteer Wild Oat, $7®10; stable. $0<_1O;
stock, $5 60®7; Clover. $7@10; Alfalfa, $9@12
per ton. •
STRAW —35®60c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The Bean market opened dull after the holi
days but the trade expect business to pick
up in the course of a week or two. The stock of
Beans in regular warehouses and on wharf
January 1 waa 154,057 bags, against 150,265
bags December L Rains in the south have
weakened Limas, but the other descriptions
remain as before.
BEANS—Bavos $2 60®3; Pea. $3@3 50;
Butter $3®3 25; small White, $3@3 36; large
White $2 40(K2 60; Pink, $2 75®3 50; Red,
$4 250* 50; Lima $4 05@4 15; Red Kidneys.
$3 50©4; Blackeyes, $2 3Mj2 60 per ctl; Horse
Beans, $1 8.".'«2 40.
s; F.DS—Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 0%®3%c; Flax, $2@2 75; Canary,
6%c; Alfalfa, 12HOtf°: Rape, 1%®2%c;
Timothy. 5%c; Hemp, :!%@3%c per lb; Mil
let. 2%@3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20®21 per
ton.
DRIED PEAS—Niles, $1 75®2 50; Green
Peas. $1 75®2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The Potata market was quite active and
firm for the Best Bur* nks, as retailers were
replenishing their stocks, which had become
depleted during the holidays. There were
heavy arrivals from the river districts and the
lower grades were dragging again. The mar-
Jcet was still overstocked with Onions and
prices had another decline.
Receipts of southern vegetables were very
light, as usual on Tuesday, but there was
plenty of carried-over stock available at about
previous prices. Tomatoes have been arriving
freely of late and there is quite an accumu
lation in secelvers' hands.
POTATOES—Burbanka from the river, 50®
80c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1 15®1 45 per
ctl.; Oregon Burbanks, $l<gl 20 per ctl.;
River Reds. 50®60c per ctl; Early Rose, $1®
1 20 per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, 66®90c per ctl.
ONIONS— 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES—Green Peas. 3®sc per lb;
String Beans. 3®6c per lb; Wax Beans, B@6c;
Tomatoes 75efS$l 25 per box or crate; Sum
mer Squash 65®75c per box; Hothouse Cucum
bers. $1 25® 1 50 per dozen; Cabbage, 50@60c
per ctl; Carrots. 800400 per sack; Garlic, 7®Bc
per lb; Egg Plant. 4®6c per lb for southern;
Dried Peppers, 10®12VjC for sun-dried and 13®
14c per lb for evaporated: Green Peppers, 4®
5c per lb for southern; Mushrooms. 10® 15c per
lb; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash, $B@lo
per ton.
Poultry and Game.
The market for live Poultry was in good
shape, large chickens particularly being in de
mand, and. as receipts from domestic shipping
points were light, available supplies were
quickly cleaned up. Three cars of Western
have been received since Monday and two
more will be available to-day. Gams was
w-eak, as there were practically two days' re
ceipts on the market, and most kinds of Wild
Ducks were lower.
POULTRY —Dressed Turkeys, nominal; Live
Turkeys 20©22 c per lb; Geese per pair,
$1 75®2; Goslings, $24; 2 25; Ducks, $5®6
per dozen for old and $6<S7 for young; Hens,
$4 60®5 for small and $5 50®6 for large;
young Roosters. $5 50®6; old Roosters, $4®
4 50; Fryers $4 50@5; Broilers. $2 50®3 50;
Pigeons. $101 2.1: Squabs. $2®2 50.
GAME—Mallard Ducks. $2 3G®3 per dozen;
Canvasback, $2 50®4; Teal, $lfcl 25: Sprig.
$1 5092 50; Widgeon. $1 2501 50; Red Heads.
$2 50; small Durkfl. $I@l 50; Gray Geese $3;
White Geese. $1 25®1 50; Brant, $1 2002;
Honkers, $3«5; Snipe $2 50 for English and
$1 50 for common; Doves. $1 25; Hare, $1 75:&>
2; Rabbits, $2 for Cottontails and $1 60 for
Brush.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
The market opened dull and unsatisfactory
aftei the holidays, with plenty of Butter and
Eggs on hand, and the feeling in both was
easy, though there waa no actual declln-.
Some houses were still cutting quotations on
Eggs, as they did during the closing days of
last week, while others still quoted 40c. It Is
not expected, however, that this price will
continue very long, as this Is the time of the
year for the market to drop with the rapid
Increase in the production. Cheese remains the
same.
Becelpts were 65.5Q0 lbs Butter 740 cases
Eggs end 10.100 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands 23®24c
for extras and 21%®22%c for lower to medium
grades; dairy. 20@22c; cold storage, nominal;
store Butter, nominal; Eastern cubes, nominal;
Eastern ladle-packed. 15©16 c.
CHEESE—II(9II %c tor choice mild new and
10@10Vic for old; cold storage. 10%@llc; Young
Americas, 12«12%c; Eastern. 10®13c per lb.
EGGS—Ranch. 36@40c for good to fancy and
50035 C for common; store Eggs. 2Ss?3oc; cold
storage, 25®30c; Eastern, 25®28c for choice,
22024 c for standards and 20@21c for seconds.
Decidumis and Citrus Fruits.
The first public auction sale of Oranges for
; the season of 1905 will be held at 11 a. m. to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fSijV
J~'llfVla ~* %T4/f FRANCIXQ, CAL
■/> COMMONLY CALLED „, _^
1 THE BIG BOARJOPj
f GOIB FIELD 7
? TO NOP AH >
I Ml/fIN 6 JTOCX LISTED" *\
> 9?J5& J
f usr or/icMazxj sxftT to <
L fIA j»y r>Dft.x:sj i% _J
day. Seven carloads of Navels, including two
cars of extra fancy Redlands fruit, will be
offered for sale. Yesterday's trade in Or
anges was of small volume, despite the warm,
sunny weather, as retailers were holding off,
awaiting the outcome of the auction. The
other Citrus fruits were in ample supply and
quiet at the old quotations. The Apple mar
ket had a. healthy tone, with trade quite
active, and some withdrawals from cold stor
age were reported. A few chests of poor
Strawberries were received and sold at nom
inal prices. Stocks of Pear 3 and Persimmons
were light but ample and both descriptions
were quiet at unchanged rates.
STRAWBERRIES—S3©S per chest.
CRANBERRIES—St)@II per bbl for No. 1
and $6@B for Inferior Eastern.
APPLES—OOc®SI 25 per box for fancy and
50®S5c for common to choice; Lady Apples,
$1 25@2 per box.
PEARS —Winter Nellis, $1 60®2 per box;
cooking varieties, 60c®$l per box.
PERSIMMONS—SO®7Sc per box.
CITRUS FRUlTS—Oranges, Navels, $102 per
box; Seedlings, 75c®$l; Tangerines, 75c for
small and $1 for large boxes; Japanese Man
darins, 75c85l per box; Lemons, $2 50(32 75
for fancy. $1 75®2 25 for choice and $101 50
for standards; Grape Fruit, $1 75@2 50; Mexi
can Limes, $41/4 50 per case; Bananas, $2®3
per bunch for Central American and $I®2 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples, $1 50®3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
There is nothing new under this head and
quotations remain about as before. There Is
hardly any fruit left to work on, except
Prunes and Raisins. Nuts and Honey are
quiet, the former being firmly held and the
latter easy.
FRUlTS—Apricots, B®llc for Royals and It
®12% c for Moorparks; Nectarines. 6%r g ßV:'
for White and 6%®7%c for Red; Peaches. 7%*s
6%c per lb; Piars, 7@l2c; Plums, pitted. 6®
6%c for black. 7%®8%c for red and 7®B%c
for yellow. Figs. 2-crown bricks. 45c; 3-crown,
50c; 4-crown 60c; 6-crown, 65c; bulk white.
2%®3c; black. 2%@5%c; Evaporated Apples.
44j6c per lb.
PRUNES— -1%®1%c per lb for the four sizes
and 2%c basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS—I9O4 crop f. o. b. Fresno—lmpe
rial clusters, $2 25@2 50; Deheaa, $1 So@l 85;
London Layers Ssc@sl; Loose Muscatels, 4
crown, s<gs%c; 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown. 3@3%0;
Seeded. 4%®6c; Thompson's Seedless, 4%®
4%c; Seedless Sultanas, 3®se per lb.
NUTS—Walnuts No. I softshell, 12®13c; No.
2 10®llc; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2, 10c;
Almonds, 16@17c for Nonpariels. 14!tf14%c for
I X L 13%®14%c for Ne Plus Ultra and 11c
for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6®7c for Eastern;
Pecans, ll®13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50®5; Chest
nuts. B®loo per lb for Italian.
HONEY—Comb, 11%@13c for white and 10®
11c for amber; water white extracted, 6%@
6%c; light amber extracted, 5®5%c; dark, 3®
4%C.
BEESWAX—27@29c per lb.
Provisions.
Inactivity characterizes the market, both
here and at packing points, and prices remain
unchanged.
CUBED MEATS —Bacon lOHc per lb for
heavy, for light medium. 13c for light;
14c for extra light and 14% c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides, 10c; Bellies. 11c; Eastern su
gar-cured Hams, 12 to 14 lbs, 12% c; 15 to lfl
lbs, 12c; 17 to 20 lbs, ll%c; California
Hams, ll*4c; Mess Beef. $10®10 60 per bbl;
extra Mess, $10 60@11; Family, $12®12 50;
prime Mess Pork. $14 60; extra clear. $22;
Mesa, $16 50; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet, $5;
Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD —Tierces quoted at 6V,c per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9Vic; 10
--lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins, 10c.
COTTOLENE —One half barrel. B%c; three
half barrels. B%c; one Uerce. B%c; two tierces.
B%c; five tierces, BVgC per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The feeling in Hides Is firm and the tanners
are buying actively, as they wish to secure
all the good stock possible before the grubby
stock comes In. Quotations for salted are
higher, as will be seen.
In the absence of supplies quotations for
Wool continue nominal.
Hops are still more or less quiet, with
prices on last week's basis.
HIDES AND SKINS—CuIIs and brands sell
about under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, ll%c; medium, 10% c; light. 10c; Cow
Hides, 10c for heavy and 10c for light;
Stags 74J7%c; Salted Kip. 10% c; Salted
Veal, 11 He; Salted Calf, 12% c; dry
Hides, 17%®18c; dry Kip l. r >c; dry Calf. 20c;
Sheepskins shearlings, 25@40c each; short
Wool, 60®75c each; medium. 90c®$l 10; long
Wool $1 25@1 75; Horse Hides, salt, $3 for
large' and $2 50 for medium, $1 50@2 for small
and 50c fo» Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for
largo and $1 50 for medium, $1 for small. 60c
for Colts. Buck Skins—Dry Mexican. 30c: dry
salted Mexican, 25c; dry Central American.
30c- Goat Skins —Prime Angoras, 75e; extra
large do, $1 25; large, 50c; medium, 35c;
small. 20c.
TALIX>W—No. 1 rendered. 4®4%c per lb;
No. 2, 3V.c; Grease. 2%®3c.
WOOL—Fall clip—San Joaquin and South
ern 9®llc; Southern B®9c; Southern Moun
tain, 9@lle; Middle Counties, free. 12*1 lie;
do defective. 10®12c; Northern, free. 12®14c;
do defective, 10<&12c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 16®18c per lb.
HOPS—i!KH crop. 25®28c per lb; 1905 crop,
17%®18c bid.
Meat Market.
Stocks of everything are ample, small Veal
In particular, and the market continues quiet
and unchanged.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF—6©7c for Steers and 4%®6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL—Large 6WfTBc; small, B®9%c per lb.
MUTTON—Wethers. 7®Bc; Ewes, 6Vi@7y.iC
per lb.
LAMB—9@loc per lb.
PORK—Dressed Hogs, 6*4®Btic per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 40®
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE —Steers, 7%®7%c: Cows and Heif
ers, 6Vj@BV&c; thin Cows, 4®sc per lb.
CALVES—4®4tjc per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP—Wethers. 3%®3»«c: Ewes, 3@3%c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS—S2 5002 75 per head.
HOGS—Live Hogs. 200 to 25<> lbs, 4%rfti%c;
130 to 200 lbs. s<fjs'ic; 80 to 130 lbs, 4%04%c;
soft Hogs, not wanted; Sows, 20 per cent off:
Boars, 50' per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS—Grain Bags, s%®sS»c spot and 6®
6%c for next year; Wool Bags. 30<&32c; Fleece
Twine, 7%c.
CANNED FBUlTS—Following are prices for
the 1904 pack:
FRUITS.
•a i Sim ga
$ aS I f
F iSP I ft I
Mr h i
Apples
Apricots
Blackberries
Cherries, Royal Anne...
Do white
Do Black
Grapes. Muscat
Nectarines
Peaches, Yellow
Pears. Bartlett
Plums. Green Gage ....
Do Damson
Raspberries
Strawberries
(1 55 $1 30!|1 20|$l 10
1 25 1 15 1 05
1 00 1 36 1 25 1 15
2 10 1 80 1 65' ....
2 00 1 05 1 50i
X 80 1 65 1 50
1 25 1 10 1 00 i'O
1 60 1 25 1 15 1 o.'i
1 75 1 35 1 25 1 15
1 90 1 m 1 50 1 30
1 35 1 10 L 00 00
1 40 t 15 1 00 1 00
- ."*'» •_' 2.'i 00 1 !>(>
2 00 1 75 1 60 I 40
CANNED VEOETABI.ES—Tomatoes, 2%-lb,
standard!". 65@70c; gallon standards, $2; 3-lb.
solid pack. 87%®00e; Green Peas— Petits poi-,
$1 35; extra sifted. $1 15;etandard sifted, $1;
standards, SOfa'OOc; Marrowfats, 85@87%c f. o.
b. San Francisco.
COAL—Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wei
lington. f8; Seattle, $6 50: Bryant, $6 5o;
Beaver Hill, $5 50; Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay, $5 50-
Rlchmond. $8; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$1+ 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthiacite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Canncl $9 per ton; Coke. $11 sC@l3 per
ton in bulk and $15 in sacks: Bocky Mountain
descriptions, $8 50 per short ton.
PACIFIC CODFlSH—Bundles, per lb, ttte;
cases, regular, $5 65; cases, extra large, 6%c;
Eastern style, 6%c; boneless, C%c; "Norway."
6%c; "Narrow Gauge," 6%c; "Sliver King,"
7%c; blocks. "Oriental." o%c; blocks. "Sea
bright," 7c; tablets, 7%c; middles, 7@91.4c;
fancy boneless, 9%@9%c: pickled Cod, bbls,
$8; pickled Cod, half bbls, $4 75.
CORDAGE —The local company quotes as
follows, 60 days or % per cent discount for
cash, no sales under 10.000 lbs; Manila, 15c;
Sisal, 10% c; Duplex. o%c; Bale Rope, 11 %@
12% c per lb.
COFFEE —Costa Rica (nominal), stock 603
bags—l3@l4c for strictly prime to fancy
washed, 11%@12%C for prime washed; 10%®
lie for good washed: ll@l2c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 10@llc for good to prime
psaberry; lo@llc for good to prime: B%@»%c
for fair; 6U@Bc for common to ordinary.
Salvador, "stock 3358 bags—l2@l3c for fancy
wished, nominal; ll@ll%c for strictly prime
wished, nominal; 10@10%c for good to prime
washed; B@o%c for fair washed. 10@llc for
fair to prime washed- pea berry; 9%@10c for
g-wd to prime semi-washed, 9%@9%c for su
perior unwashed, nominal; Oc for good green
unwashed, nominal; OVi@loc for good to su
perior unwashed peaberry; 6%@Bc for Inferior
to ordinary.
Nicaragua (nominal), stock 340 bags—lift
13c for prime to fancy washed; 0%@10%c for
fair to strictly good washed; 8%@0%c for
good to superior unwashed; o%@loc for good
to nrlme unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala (stock 14,502 bags)—and Mexican
(stock 902 bags)—l3@l4c for fancy washed,
nominal; ll«12%c tor prime to strictly prime
washed, nominal; 10%#(10%c for strictly good
washed; lC@lo%c for good washed; 9%{ffo%c
fcr fair washed; B@B%c for medium: 6@7%0
for inferior to ordinary. 10%@11%c for good
to prime washed peaberry; o%@loc for good
to prime unwushed peaberry; 9@o%c for good
to suoerior unwashed.
LEATHER—SoIe, heavy. 28@31c; extra
heavy. 31@tf3c per lb; medium, 28@30c: light.
27@20c; Rough Leather. 28@30c; Harness
I/eather, heavy, 35037 c for No. 1 and 32®34c
for No. 2; medium, 30@37c; light, _*fs36c;
skirting. No. 1. 40@42c; No. 2, 36@38c; Col
lar Leather, 154} 10c per foot: Trace Leather,
40@44c; Kip, unfinished. 40@5uc per lb: Veal,
finished, 60®60c per lb: Calf, finished, 65c®$l I
per lb; Wax sides 16@17c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits, 14ft]vc; Rough Splits, B@loc per lb.
TANBARK—Ground, $25®28 per ton; stick,
$10 sC®l3 per ccrd.
OlLS—Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add sc; Linseed. 55c per gallon for boiled and
53c for raw; Castor Oil In cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA, cases. $1 10®1 12; Lucol. 50c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut. cases, 65®
80c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, in barrels, 58c
for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, 68c; natural win
ter Sperm Oil 63c; extra bleached winter
Whale Oil. 57c; natural Whale Oil, 52c; extra
winter strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil.
65c; pure Ncatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot
Oil. 63c; light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring
Oil. 40c; Salmon Oil, 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c:
raw Fish Oil, 36c; boiled Paint Oil. S3c; raw
Paint Oil, 31c.
COAL OlL—Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
18c; Pearl Oil. In cases, 19% c; Astral. 19% c;
Star. 19t_c; Extra Star. 22%e; Elaine. 26c;
Eocene. 21V_c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk, 16c; in cases 22% c; Benzine, in bulk,
13c; in cases, 19% c; 86-degree Gasoline, in
bulk. 25c: in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE—7Sc per gallon In cases and
69c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD—Red Lead. 7%@
7%c per lb; White Lead, 7>4®7%c, according
to quantity.
QUICKSILVER—S4O@4I 50 for local use and
$3Va39 per flask for export.
SALT—Bales. 90c for common and $1 for
granulated: Dairy. 15 50 per ton; Granulated.
HM 50; Half Ground, 100-lb bags. $3 25; do.
50-Ib bags. $3 75; Rock Salt. $2 75®3 in 100
and $3 25 in 50-lb bags; Genuine Liverpool.
$11 50, $12 50 and $13 50 per ton in packages
of 224. 110 and 60 lbs respectively.
SUGAR—The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. fi.2sc:
Powdered, 6.10o; Candy Granulated. 6.10 c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6c; Fruit Granulated, 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only), 5.90 c; Confectioners" A, 6c;
Magnolia A. 5.60 c: Extra C, 6.50 c; Golden C.
5.40 c; "D," 6.30 c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels. 250 more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets —Half barrels,
6.50 c: boxes. 6.76 c; H. & E. Crystal Domlnos,
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev
enty-five barrels or Its equivalent.
LUMBER—Pine, ordinary sizes, $18919; ex
tra sizes higher; Redwood. $19®23c; Lath. 4
feet. $3 75®4; Pickets, $17®25; Shingles, $2
for No. 1 and $1 50 for No. 2; Bhakes, $14 for
split and $15 for sawn; Rustic, $33®39.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR 72 HOURS.
Flour, qr sks... s.S6o|ll!d*s, No 1.128
Wheat, ctls 140! Leather, rolls ... 221
Barley, ctls 6,B92'Feed, sks 335
Corn (West), ctls 004 Wool. *ales 34
Sugar, ctls 940 Hops, bales 4
Tallow, ctls .... 240jStraw. tons ..... 16
Quicksilver, flsks 45, Hay tons 727
Powder cases... 23!Brari sks 1,016
Wine, gals 7f»,ot>n'Onlon9. sks 600
Paper, rolls I,27o!Potatoes, sks .... 9,064
Lime, bbls ...... 364! Beans, sks ... f . 2,020
Pelts, bdls 835!
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks ... 921
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... 1,640'
STOCK MARKET.
Continued Activity in Mining Stocks,
the Others Dull.
The Stock and Bond Exchange opened busi
ness after the holidays in its fine new quarters
in the new Merchants' Exchange building, but
did not do the business that the occasion
might seem to warrant, for trading was very
light and the only change worthy of note was
a decline In Spring Valley Water to $38 87%.
The Comstock mining shares continued ex
cited and feverish, with a further advance In
Ophir to $0 at the very opening. The stock
failed to hold the rise, however, and fell back
steadily all day, getting down to 87 60 In the
afternoon, closing at $7 75 bid. The other
Comstocks sympathized with the movements
of the leader, as will be seen.
Con. California and Virginia Mining Com
pany has levied an assessment of 25c.
The Tonopah stocks were fairly active, with
MaeXamara higher ut 30@32c. The oil stocks
were quiet.
The following stocks were yesterday quoted
ex-dlvidend in the board under the rule re
quiring the same upon the closing of the
books: Hawaiian Commercial. 50c; Onomea,
20c; Paauhau, 15c; Giant Powder, 50o; Pacific
States Telephone. $1 75.
The California Wine Association has declared
a regular monthly dividend of 60c per share,
payable January 10.
The Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Com
pany will pay a regular monthly dividend of
50c per share on January 5.
The Onomea Sugar Company will pay a reg
ular monthly dividend of 20c per share on
January 5.»
The Paauhau Sugar Plantation Company will
pay a regular monthly dividend of 15c per
share on January 10.
Ex-coupon yesterday: United States Gov
ernment 4s. 15*07, regular quarterly, amounting
to $1,568,015; Alameda Artesian Water Com
pany ss, 1915. regular semi-annual, amounting
to $15,000: California Street Cable Company
SJ. 1915, regular semi-annual, amounting to
$22,500; Contra Costa Water Company ss. 1915,
regular semi-annual, amounting to $50,000;
Los Angeles Electric Company ss, 1928, regu
lar semi-annual, amounting to $12,500: Los
Angeles Lighting Company 6s, 1905, regular
semi-annual, amounting to $30,000: Los Ange
le« Lighting Company guaranteed 6s. 1905.
regular semi-annual, amounting to $30,000;
Market Street Cable Company 6s. 1913, regular
senfl-annual. amounting to $90,000; Northern
Railway Company of California 6s, 1907, regu
lar semi-annual, amounting to $154,680; North
Pacific Coast Railroad ss. 1912. regular semi
annual, amounting to $37,450; Oakland Transit
53 1931, regular semi-annual, amounting to
$40,000: Oakland Transit Consolidated ss. 1932.
regular semi-annual, amounting to $32,250;
Oakland Water Company guaranteed ss, 1915,
regular semi-annual, amounting to $37,500;
Oceanic Steamship Company ss. 1924, regular
semi-annual, amounting to $60,125: Pacific
Electric ' Railway Company ss, 1942, regular
semi-annual, amounting to $212,850: Park and
Cliff House Railroad 6s. IMS, regular semi
annual, amounting to $10,500: Park and
Ocean Railroad 6a, 1914, regular semi
annual, amounting to $7500; Southern Pacific
Railroad of Arizona 6s. 1909. regular semi
annual, amounting to $180,000; Southern Pa
cific Railroad of Arizona 6s. 1910 regular
semi-annual, amounting to $120,000; United
Gas and Electric' Comnany ss, 1932. regular
semi-annual, amounting to $22,500; Marin
County ss. regular quarterly, amounting to
$2000: Rlsdon Iron Works ss, semi-annual,
amounting to $15,000; San Francisco and North
Pacific Railway ss, regular semi-annual,
amounting to $100,000; South Pacific Coast
Railway 4s. regular semi-annual, amounting
to $110,000: Sunset Telegraph and .Telephone
Ccmoanv 6s. regular semi-annual, .'amounting
to «2?.500.
The following dividends were paid yesterday:
American National Bank, regular semi-annual
at the rate ot 5 per cent per annum, amount
ing to $25,000; San Francisco National Bank,
regular semi-annual at the rate of 6 per c?nt
perl annum, amounting to $15,000: Western
Nfitiffna! Bank, regular semi-annual at the
rpfe of 5 per cent per annum, amounting to
$12,500: German Savings and Loan Society,
regular semi-annual. amounting to $66,000:
Humboldt Savings and Loan Society, regular
semi-annual, amounting to $9000; Mutual Pay-
Ines Bank, regular semi-annual; amounting to
$9000: San Francisco Savings Union, regular
semi-annual, amounting to $60,000: Savings
and Ix>an Society. regular semi-annual,
amounting to $20,000; Security Savings Bank,
regular semi-annual, amounting to $9000:
l nion Trust Company, regular semi-annual,
amounting to $39,900: California Title In-'
suranee and Trust Company, regular quarterly
nt the rate of I per cent per annum: Honoksa
Sugar Company, retrular monthly, 10c per
share on the capital stock of the com;>anv.
amounting to $10,600. payable January 3 10iVi;
United Railways Investment Company, semi
annual. $2 per share on the capital stock of
the company, amounting to $300,000; San Fran
cisco and Suburban Home Buildinsr Society,
dividend at the rate of 10 per cent per an
num on the capital stock: the Continental
Ruildln? and Loan Association, dividends et
the rate of '5 per cent per annum on ordinary
deposits. C per cent on term detvsits and 7
oer.t on class "F" Installment .stock. Also
the following oil dividends: Oil "City Petro
leum %c per share. $2600; Twenty-eiifht, 15c
per share. $9000; Peerless, 14c. $14,00.0.
The savings banks paid their resrular semi
annual dividends to depositors yesterday. They
have all been printed in th'.s column.
Bond and Stock Sales.
Sales of bonds and storks on the Stock and
ADVEKTISF3IEXm
BONDsTo YIELD 5 1 A%.
$250,000
UTAH LIGHT & POWER COMPANY
First Cons. 4% Gold Bonds.
Denomination $600. Due 1930. Interest payable Jan. lit and July lit at Colonial
Trait Company, Hew York. Trustee.
This Company controls ail the eras and electric lighting, and also the great water power
business In Salt Lake City and Ogden, Utah, serving an aggregate population of over 100,000.
Net earnings are over !IVi times interest on the entire bonds issued, officially reported by
President Joseph F. Smith. Dividends on the preferred stock have been regularly paid since
the organization of the Company. We recommend these bonds as a conservative investment
yielding an exceptionally high rate of interest,
Price 82}4 & Int., Yielding 514%
SPECIAL CIRCULAR ON APPLICATION.
Lawrence Barnum & Co.,
27 ft 29 TOfB ST.. ITEW YORK.
PHILADELPHIA. BOSTON.
Bond Exchange in December were as follows^
No. i
STOCKS AND BONDS. I
I
I
U S Govrnment, new Issue!
U S Government I
Bay Counties Power Co.. I
Cal G&EGM&CT..
Hawaiian Com & Sua; Co.
Honolulu R T & L Co...
Los Angeles R R Co
L A-Pac R R 1st C Mt«.
Mkt-st R 1st Cons Mtg..
North Ry Co of Cal
North Ry Co (of Cal)...
Oakland Transit
Oakland Transit Cons
Oceanic Steamship Co
Omnibus Cable Railway..
Pacific E R Co
Sacrmnto Elec Gas & Ry.
S F & S Joaquin Valley.
S P R R of Ariz (1900)..
S P R R of Ariz (1010). .
S P R R of Cal. series A
S P R R of C ser B (stpd)
S P Branch Ry of Cal..
Spring Valley W 1st Mtg.J
Spring Valley W 24 Mtg.!
Spring Valley \V 3d Mt*.!
Pprins V W Co Gen Mtg<
United Railroads of S F..'
Water Stocks—
Contra Costa |
Marin County
Spring Valley Water Co..
Gas A Electric Stocks—
Pacific Lighting Co
S F Gas & Elec Co
Bank Stocks—
American National Bank.
Anglo-California (Ltd) ..
Bank of California
Street Railroad Stocks-
California
Presidio
Powder Stocks—
Giant Consolidated Co. ..
Sugar Stocks—
Hawaiian Com & Pug Co.
Honokaa Sugar Co
Hutchinson Pug Plantation
Kllauea Sug Plantation..
Makawell Sugar Co
Onomea Sugar Co
Paauhau Sug Plantation.
Miscellaneous 8tocks—
Alaska Packers A sen j
Cal Wins Association
Oceanic S S Co 1
Pacific Coast Borax Co..
Pacific States Tel & T Co
I Sold. I Low. I High.
I j 1
i tftOOOj I 131
2,000) 104 % 1 10414
I 5.000; 101% 102
I 40.0O0| 83%] 85
I 50,0001 101 I 101%;
j 21.000! 106>4! 108%
' 4i>.noo, 11*1,
5.000I I 101
16,G00j U6%j 11"
13 0001 106% 106%
24:0001 HO\»
2.0001 113 113%
16.00o| 106
17,0001 71 73
16,0CO| 121 %
82,0001 108
87,000. lOO'-i 10214
si.ooo 119%
17.000! 100 100%
1,000' ...C. 110V>
1,000 101 %
'lOK.OOO! lOSlfc 108%
' 25.0OOI 134 >i 135"A
i 2o.0«)0| 104-%
; 4o.o<K>i 100 100%
I30.00O- 09 00%
t 22 000 07 % 07%
473,000 87 U 88
; 25,i
1 20.1
I 41). (
130.<
j 22(
I 60 25
|M 60
j 2.431 SO 40
6 60
2.231, 63H 56
60j ISO 120%
170 88
04 420 422%
j ISO
"426"
60 108
60 40
165 tt% OSVi
405 78% T4%
f X605 IT 18%
> 4.325 14% 15%
100 6
870 82 88
690 81% S3
4.075 2014 21
1,183 86 06%
400) 76% 82
1.3504 4 0
50 1ST
1 153) 107 100
*io7"
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Jan. B—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. A-k. Bid. Asst.
4s qr coup. .105%10« Us qr cp new.130%131%
4s qr reg. ..105%106 |3a qr coup.. .104% 105
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W ss. — — iOak TCo 6a. 120 —
Asso Oil ss. — 86%! Do 5s 110 —
Bay CPC ss. 101% — Do con 6s. 102 —
Cal C O 65.104% — |om Cable 65.121%122»
Cal G& Eg IPac Glm 4s. — 08
mA ct ss. — 84%1P E Ry 55.. 108% —
Cal-st C 55.112 — IP & C H 6s. 102 —
C C Wat ss. — 08% PA O R 65.113 —
EdL A B 6s. — 126 Powell-st fls. — —
F A C FT 6e.U5% — ISac EG&RSs.IOI% —
Geary-si sa. — 85 IsF A SJVSs.IIO% —
H CAS 5%5,105 — ISlerra R «s. — —
Do 5s . ...101%102 'S P of A 6s
Hon R T 68.106% — | (1900) 106% —
L A Elec ss. — — | (1910) 107% —
LAG AElss — — s P of C 0a
LA Ry 55.. — — (lOOB)Sr A.lOl 101%
L A Guar 55.104% — | G9OS)Sr B. — 103%
LAP Icm ss. 101 — I (1906) 104% —
Mkt-st C 69.113 — 1 (1912) 114% —
Do Icm 55.116 116%fSPr* 1 eg 5s —
MVA MtTSs.IOO 110 Do stampd.loß% —
NRR of C 65.103% — IS P B R 65.155 180
Do 5s 110% - |S V Wat 65.105 —
NPC Rss 103 — I Do 4s 2dm. 100% —
NCRy5s . — — 1 Do 4s 3dm. 00% —
NCPC 5* . — — Do g mtg4s 07% —
NS R R ss. 90 103 'Stkn G*E«9. 03 —
OO LAH ss. — 110 IU G A Ess. — —
O W gtd ss. — — (CR of SF 4s. 87% STW
Oceanic S6s — 71 |
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 25 — (Port Costa... — —
Marin C 0.... — 59%!s V Wat Co. 88% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3% 4%|S F G A B. 53% 54%
Mutual EL.— 11 |Ptkn GAB.— ■ %
Pac L C 0... 60 — |v GA E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 132% LP A A 152 —
Anglo-Cal .. 87% — jMer Trust.... — 230
Bank of Ca1.422 — (Merch Ex.... 60 —
Cal Safe Dp. 152 — R F National — —
First Ntlonl.3lo — (
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L.2330 — [Bar* A L So.. — 100
Hum SAL. — — |Sec Say Bk.. — 424
Mutual Say. 09% — Union T C 0.2700 3300
S F Say U. 610 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..200 — IPresldlo — 49
Geary — 50 |
POWDER.
Giant «3 65 |Vigorlt S 4%'
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 73% 74 IMakawell C. 82 —
Honokaa S C 17% — (rvnomea S C. 32 38
Hutch SPC 15 15%: Paauhau S C 20% 21
Kilauea S C. 4 <; '
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA. 02 04 (Oceanic S Co. 4 0
Cal F C A. — 00%jPac Aux FA. 4% —
Cal Wine A. 81 82%!Pac C 80rx.157 —
MVA MtTm. 95 102 IPac S Tel C 0.106 10T
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Honokaa S Co 18 00
40 Hutchinson S P Co 15 25
100 Makawell 32 25
35 S F Gas A Electric 54 00
$3,000 S P Cal Ist con 5s (stamped). 108 50
$6,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 62U|
$15,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5s 104 00
Street—
$10,000 Oakland Transit Con 5s 102 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
70 Honokaa S Co 17 87%
36 Hutchinson S P Co 16 12%
15 Spring Valley Water Co 38 87%
$1,000 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 65..101 60
$0,000 Hawaiian Coml A S ss. b 2.101 50
$1,000 U R Rof S F 4 per cent 87 62%
$2,000 U R of S F 4 per cent, b 8. 87 62%
Street—
10 Hutchinson S P Co 15 25
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.j Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 65.100 — |SF A NP 55.110% —
B L Wat 6s. — 114% 8 PC R 4s. 96 —
Cal NW 55.. — 114 [8 P Co 4%5,100% —
M C Wat 55.100 — Sun Tel 65.. 114% —
Rls I Wksss. — 105 ( Do 5s 106 —
PF Drdk ss. 112 — ISuttr-st R5e.104 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — 25 (Mat Nay Co. 70 —
Amer Bis Co — 00 Nev Nat 8k.200 —
Cal Cot Mils 80 — |x SR R Co. — 12
Cal OAECor. 40% 50 [N Cal P Co. — 10
C Jockey CI.IIO — (Oak Bk Sav.l2s —
Cal Powder.. 130 140 Oak T Con.. 76 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 IOOF Hall A 6% —
Cal TIA T — 155 'Orpheum Co. — 16%
Cen Bk Oak 66 — [PaeC Cas Co. 125 —
Chutes Co .. — 6 iPac Sur C 0..105 —
CP- ACBk — 120 Paraf Paint.. 89 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 6%!S F Drydock — 65
DrtPwd pfd. 76 80 |wFASJ Coal. 17% 20
Do com .. — 50 (8 J Wat C 0.103% —
FN Bk Oak. 120 — (SO A MTtrbt.l?* —
Fischer Thtr — I%'Swiss-A 8k..120 —
Frnch-A Hk.106 — ITruck Elect.. 11 12%
Hono P Co.. 26% — Union S Co. — 31%
Do pool .. — 20 UR InC pfd. 65% 66%
LonA SF Bk co — I Do com ... 17 —
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Cal Gas A Elec Corp 60 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Honolulu P Co 27 00
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session—Comstocks.
200 Andes 45! 100 Ophlr 8 50
Continued on Page 18.
1718
DUTY OF CITIZENS WI LOVE THE FLAG TO
ENCOURAGE NATIONAL GUARD.
Maintenance of Militia Does Awau With
Necessltu for Large Standing Armu
In the Time of Peace.
Continued From Page 15.
ty, in the year 1902, gave judgments
against the State in some forty-six
suits—the aggregate amount of the
judgments being $212,720. At its last
session the Legislature appropriated
the sum of $204,610 to pay these judg
ments, the appropriations to be avail
able January 1, 1906, provided that, at
that time, the judgments should be
c landing, not reversed or vacated, and
that no appeal should be pending.
The acts of appropriation passed by
the Legislature in this form appeared
to contemplate appeals to the Supreme
Court, and I concurred in the opinion
that the State should exercise its privi
lege of appeal, as any private individ
ual would be likely to do. The appeal
was taken, and was prosecuted to final
judgment, stipulations being entered
that the other cases should stand or
fall with the appealed case. On Sep
tember 19, 1904, the Supreme Court
affirmed the judgment of the Superior
Court in the case of Bickerdike vs.
State, and in pursuance of the stipu
lation Judgments in the other cases be
came final. As the appropriations were
unavailable until January 1, 1905, the
claimants suffered no delay in payment
by reason of the appeals being taken.
The Judgments which no appropria
tions were made to pay were for the
following persons and amounts:
lAbe Darlington $165
John F. Pry or 3350
C. A. Weaver Sift
L C. Walte 410
E. Weisbaum 2055
K. Weisbaum 690
N. Weisbaum 640
For a number of years the expense
of arresting criminals without the
State and returning them for trial has
been increasing, while the appropria
tions have remained the same, being
made at the rate of $2500 per year.
The consequence has been the incur
ring of deficiencies, which recently
have tended to equal or exceed the
amount of appropriations.
I have endeavored to impress upon
District Attorneys the advisability of
refraining from making applications
for extradition, except in cases of seri
cus crimes, and upon Sheriffs and po
lice officers, acting as State agents, the
necessity of rigid economy in their ex
pense accounts. In cases which ap
peared unimportant I have refused to
issue requisitions, and, in a few in
stances, I have issued requisitions only
upon the condition that the arrest and
return of the fugitive should be with
out expense to the State.
At the same time It would be an
encouragement to crime and to crimi
nals not to send for murderers, forgers
end embezzlers who flee to other
States, and the expense of doing this
Is properly a public one, which indi
viduals or corporations cannot be* ex
pected to assume. 1 respectfuly rec
ommend that the appropriation made
for this purpose be increased to $10,000
for the next two years.
One of the business practices of the
State which is of questionable ex
pediency is the refusal to insure its
property (with some exceptions)
against loss by fire. Because in for
mer years abuses were discovered In
connection with the placing of poll
cifF, the Legislature passed an act pro
hibiting insurance and it has remained
the law for fourteen years. Moreover,
the biennial appropriation bill usually
contains a prohibition against the ex
penditure of any money to buy insur
ance.
Since the enactment of the law of
IS9I the State has been fortunate in
escaping any very heavy losses by Are,
but buildings have burned and there
have been a number of narrow escapes
from the destruction of some of the
most expensive structures. During the
past year one of the buildings of the
Preston School of Industry was
burned, causing considerable incon
venience, and if one of the larger and
more costly State buildings, say one
of the hospitals for the insane, should
suddenly be swept away, the lack of
Insurance would make rebuilding a
serious problem.
Whether it be wise to continue the
prohibition of insurance is a question
the Legislature might profitably con
sider; but should the prohibition be
removed, it would be well to require
the assent of the State Board of Ex
aminers to each insurance policy ac
cepted. %
It may be that the conditions are
s such as to justify the State in carry
ins its own risks; but, at least, there
should be some provision made to meet
sudden calls for funds to make good
losses sustained through fire. To that
end, I recommend the establishment of
an insurance fund to be made up of a
moderate sum set apart from the pro
ceeds of taxation each year. The State
Board of Examiners might be author
ized to Invest this fund in the same
class of securities in which the per
, manent school fund is invested, and
also to sell these securities and apply
the money to rebuilding when fires oc
cur during a recess of the Legislature.
WOEK OF STATE
JUUED OF CHAEITIES
AND COEEECTIONS
The State Board of Charities and
Corrections, which was created by the
last Legislature, and given investiga
tive and advisory authority, entered
upon the discharge of its duties
eighteen months ago. The members
accepted the theory, as stated in their
report, that their relations toward the
various State institutions should be
those of assistance and co-operation,
rather than of criticism, and such
shortcomings as they have discovered
they attibute to inadequate facilities or
other unpropltious conditions more
than to the remissness of boards of di
rectors or officers. A number of im
portant recommendations for the im
provement of the prisons and the
Whlttier and Preston schools have been
made and may be found in their bien
nial report.
All of the county jails have been in
spected by members of the board, and
the discovery Is reported that in many
counties of the State laws with respect
to separate rooms for the confinement
of different classes of prisoners, of
c hildren and adults, and of men and
women, are being violated. On the
other hand, the county hospitals,
which also have been visited, are
found to be in better shape and gener
ally serve very well the purpose for
which they were created, although
these hospitals are not all equally
good, and in many there is much room
for improvement.
A census of the inmates of jails, hos
pitals, and infirmaries was made Janu
ary 1, 1904, and another July 1 of the
same year. It was found that at the
date first mentioned the jails contained
1686 persons, while six months later the
number had been reduced to 1256. This
marked difference between the winter
population of the jails, and that of the
summer, emphasizes the conclusion an
nounced by the board that some form
of work ought to be found for county
jail prisoners.
Of unfortunates condemned by pov
erty or old age and slokness to be
inmates of hospitals and infirmaries
there are no less than 4042 in the State,
and they are divided between cus
todial and hospital cases in about the
proportion of two to one.
In the report of the Secretary of
State attention is called to the neces
sity for making an appropriation which
will render it possible to execute some
of the needed repairs to the State
Capitol. This is a noble building, and
a great credit to earlier generations of
Californians, but In its plumbing and
heating systems it is Sadly antiquated,
besides being out of repair in a good
many ways. The report of the State
Board of Health declares the present
condition of the building dangerous to
the health of its inmates.
I wish also to indorse the suggestion
of the Secretary of State that better
facilities for the keeping and proper
arrangement of the archives are
urgently needed.
In the biennial report presented by
the Commissioner of the Bureau of
Labor Statistics will be found indus
trial and social data of a good deal of
interest. It is shown, on the evidence
of the figures of the last census, that
the number of the unemployed is
smaller in this State than the average
in the country at large. In the cities
there has been during the past several
years a general shortening of the work
ing day for mechanics and several
other classes of employes, with an in
crease in pay. The number of women
and children who are breadwinners is
increasing in California as well as else
where, although the proportion of this
class of workers Is smaller . than in
other parts of the country. Labor
organizations have Increased rapidly
during the last two years, and include
now more than eight hundred unions,
whose membership is estimated to be
over 100.000.
A special report on workingmen and
university education shows that the
number of students in the University
of California who are sons or daugh
ters of wage-earners is large and that
these students make a fine showing;
they comprise 20 per cent of the in
trants, 26 per cent of the graduates and
32 per cent of the honor men.
I recommend that the scope of the
statistical work done by this bureau be
enlarged sufficiently to enable it to col
lect statistics of marriage and divorce
and also of crimes, which could be ac
complished at small expense, by requir
ing the co-operation of county and city
officers.
I am glad to be able to say that the
new horticultural commission law,
which received my approyal March 25,
1903, has proven effective for the pur
poses intended, and, with some possible
additions of power and resource, bids
fair to continue to meet all reasonable
requirements.
Perhaps the most important horticul
tural fact yet brought to light is that
predaceous Insects, while in their na
tive habitat and attended by their nat
ural adversaries, are never or seldom
so injurious to plant life as to make
any form of husbandry unprofitable. It
is only when one Insect is imported
without the company of its natural
enemy that the balance of nature is
disturbed and injury inflicted upon ag
ricultural and horticultural production.
To such advantage has this fact been
employed in California, and mainly
through the assiduous efforts of the
State horticultural offlce, that the once
dreaded San Jose scale Is now rtndered
almost powerless for evil, and the va
rious forms of orange scale are fast
disappearing from the orchards. It is
a reasonable estimate that the Scutel
lista cyanea, which is cleaning the
trees of black scale, has proven Itself
worth a round million dollars to our
commonwealth, and It is hardly too
much to say that the Vedalia cardinalis
rescued the great citrus fruit industry
from imminent danger of destruction
through the cottony cushion scale.
EFFOETS TO KEEP
THE CODLING MOTH
OUT OF OECHAEDS
Through an arrangement effected by
the Horticultural Commissioner with
the Government of West Australia,
George Compere, the entomologist, was
sent, during the past year, upon an ex
tended Journey in South America, Eu
rop and Asia Minor, at the Joint ex
pense of these two states. His princi
pal mission, so far as this State is con
cerned, was to discover a parasite of
the codling moth, an insect so destruc
tive that it has been estimated it takes
annually 40 per cent of the pear and
apple crops. Mr. Compere thinks he
has found parasites which will destroy
the codling moth, and he has sent to
Commissioner Ellwood Cooper colonies
of these insects, which are now being
bred and will be placed in the orchards
next season. If the results hoped for
are secured, every /dollar expended in
this enterprise will be returned a thou
sand-fold.
The citrus Industry being now men
aced by the threatened introduction
of the Morelos orange maggot, which
infests the orange growing districts of
Mexico, the Importation of the fruit
from that country has been prohibit
ed. But since this does not entirely
remove the danger that the pest may
be brought in, it is proposed that Cal
ifornia shall co-operate with Mexico
with a view to discovering some
means of combating the insect in the
Mexican orchards.
An industry that has added to the
wealth of the State an aggregate value
of $418,861,853 in seventeen years
should not lose its proper place in the
consideration of the people of the
commonwealth or the Legislature
which represents them. California is
not only rich in precious metals, but
in other mineral products of equal If
not greater value and our State is so
rich in all these that the exploitation
of them thus far has, with the excep
tion of placer mining, left them com
paratively untouched. With the com
pletion of the new mining building at
the State University it is to be hoped
that more young men of spirit and en
terprise will have their attention at
tracted to mining as a life work and
to California as a proper field for the
exercise of their powers, however
great they may prove to be. There
are hard problems still to solve, but
it cannot be doubted that ways will
be found for extracting the precious
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1905.
metals from their hiding places with
out rendering arable areas, upon
which humanity must depend for Its
food supply until time shall be no '
more, unfitted for human habitation, j
The State Controller has submitted i
the recommendation that a certain I
sum shall be appropriated and placed
Rt the disposal of the Skate Board of
Examiners to be expendeu in printing !
the reports of boards, commissions
and officers whose publication has not
been otherwise provided for. It ap
pears to be necessary either to do this,
or to make separate appropriations
for general printing and for publica
tion of reports for the boards and of
ficers referred to, since under the ex
isting conditions some of them are
unable to have their reports printed
in the State printing offlce until de
ficiency appropriations have been
made for them. It would be most un
wise, however, to go back to the old
practice of making a lump sum ap
propriation for all Scate printing, be
cause the present plan of making sep
arate appropriations for each offlce,
as recommended by Governors Budd
and Gage, has proved to be much
more economical.
One of the matters of greatest mag
nitude which the Legislature will be i
called upon to consider is that of con
trol of the floods of the Sacramento j
River and its tributaries and the rec*
lamation of the basin lands. Fully
twenty millions of money, public and
private, have already been expended
to accomplish this object, but the re- !
suits have been unsatisfactory, and in
recent years the opinion has been
growing that the solution of the prob
lem could be found only in a compre
hensive system of channel develop
ment and bank protection, such as is
beyond the power of accomplishment
by land owners acting individually or
through local district organizations.
The previously gradual development
of this sentiment received a great im
petus from the disasters of last spring,
when river floods occurred which in
flicted a damage amounting to sev
eral millions of dollars and demon
strated the need of a unified public
control of the levee system.
Almost before the full extent of the
damage had been ascertained, the
owners of river lands, manifesting
their usual indomitable spirit, held a
convention, formed an association and
enlisted the co-operation of the com
mercial organizations. Out of* this
movement there eventually came the
employment by the Commissioner of
Public Works of three eminent engi
neers, Messrs. T. G. Dabney of Mis
sissippi, H. B. Richardson of Louisiana
and H. M. Chittenden of the United
States army, who, with Mr. M. A.
Nurse, were constituted a board to
study the whole problem, and report a
plan of relief. The report, which has
recently been submitted, Is an able,
document, and shows great boldness
in its conception of, a system of con
trol of the rivers.
In its analysis of the causes of the
floods the report demonstrates that
the immediate cause, though not the
primary one. is the Inadequacy of the
channel of the middle and lower rivet
to carry off the floods poured in from
above and from both sides. The most
striking proof offered of this Is the
fact that at Iron Canyon, near Red
Bluff, the channel capacity of the river
is equal to 200,000 cubic feet per secy
ond, while at Collinsville, near its
mouth, the maximum flood flow i»
but 166,000 cubic feet. The primary
cause of the channel conditions be
fore mentioned is, of course, the to
pography of the valley which from
Stony Creek down to Sulsun Bay offers
such a very gradual descent that the
river, unaided by sufficient levees, doe*
not cut a deep channel, as it does,
nearer its source. In times of high
floods the channel from Stony Creek
southward has always been insuffi
cient to carry all of the water, and in
recent times there has been a serious
channel deterioration from the mouth
of Feather River to the bay. At all
times the river, in flood periods, has
relieved itself of surplus waters by dis
charging them over the banks, or
through sloughs, Into the depressed
areas, called basins, by which it is
bounded on both sides.
PLANS TO PEEVENT
FLOODS IN THE
VALLEYS OF STATE
The basic principle of the plan of re
lief suggested Is concentration in order
that channel improvement may be se
cured, and the means by which con
centration is to be obtained consist in
large part of levee construction. Not
only is the Sacramento River through
out its course from Stony Creek to Col
linsville to be leveed, but also the
Feather, Yuba, Bear and American riv
ers and other tributaries are to be so
treated. Even the small creeks are to
be lined with levees, and the hill drain
age is to be collected and carried off in
canals. Through the great basins there
are to extend waterways for drainage,
and during .the period when the channel
improvement is being effected these
waterways will operate as by-passes to
receive and carry away the spill from
the river. An essential feature of the
project is cutting off bends and
straightening the river between the
mouth of the Feather and the city of
Colusa, it being proposed to reduce the
present length of this part of the
stream, which is almost seventy miles,
to forty-seven miles. In order to In
crease the scour of the river in its low
er reaches It is proposed to close the
sloughs through which a part of the
discharge now enters the San Joaquin.
To make this safe there must first be
created below Rio Vista a channel ca
pacity of 250,000 second feet.
Such are the general outlines of the
plan of relief now proposed, which in
its main features agrees fairly well with
the conclusions reached by other com
missions and engineers. The members
of the present commission testify to the
value of the work performed by their
predecessors, and admit that without
the data previously collected they
could not have prepared this report.
They add that before the details of the
project now submitted can be worked
out it will be necessary to make many
new surveys and arrive at accurate de
terminations concerning a number of
minor problems.
The estimate of cost, made on a lib
eral basis, is $23,776,022. While this is a
very large amount of money, the ad
vantages to be derived from the suc
cessful execution of the enterprise
would be so vast that the price to be
paid Is relatively small. In times of ex
treme flood 1700 square miles, or more
than 1,000,000 acres, of fertile lands are
flooded, and of this area 750,000 acres
now have comparatively small values
because they cannot be safely cultl
HENEY BITTER
AGAINST GEARY
Counsel for Mrs. Wickersham
Scores the Ex-Congressman
in His Closing Argument
Judge Seawell yesterday devoted the
day to hearing the arguments on both
sides of the Wickersham will case.
Francis J. Heney opened and closed for
Cora Wiskersham, widow of Frank
Wickersham, the Fresno politician and
ranchman, who sold his expectancy in
the estate of his mother for $28,000.
The widow seeks to set aside the sale
and to get a larger share of the estate.
Attorneys T. J. Geary and J. C. Camp
bell defended the interests of the elder
Mrs. Wickersham's children.
Mr. Heney was particularly severe
upon ex-Congressman Geary and sug
gested that the latter should have been
disbarred for his actions in connection
with the Inducement of Frank Wick
ersham to dispose of his interests to
his brother and sisters. It was charged
that Geary had told Frank that his
mother had cut him off in her will and
this was used as a club to compel him
to enter into the agreement with
his brother, Fred. Mr. Heney said that
he would not insist that Frank Wick
ersham was of weak mind, but in this
transaction his necessities were known
by those who took advantage of them
to force him to a settlement, and he
was beaten out of money he should
have had.
Geary, in his argument, said that
there was no fraud when a man enters
into a contract for his own benefit, as
Frank did, and whatever secret agree
ment there may have been between
Fred and his sisters could not affect
Frank's actions. As to Frank's mental
incompetency, formerly pleaded, Geary
said that it only consisted in overin
dulgence in liquor and that when sober
he was a shrewd business man. It had
not been shown that he was not sober
when he signed the contract.
Attorney Campbell said that the sole
point was whether or rrot there had
been any fraud in getting Frank's sig
nature and declared that there had
been no affirmative statement made to
Frank which was fraudulent, to cause
him to sign the agreement to settle.
Mr. Campbell eloquently described
Mrs. Wickersham's reasons for cutting
her son from her bounty. He had an
nounced his intention of contesting his
father's will, charging him with un
soundness of mind and with being un
der the fraudulent influence of his
other children. This had so shocked
the sensitive mother that she declared
he should have none of her fortune. Mr.
Campbell asserted that Frank had re
ceived nearly his share in the combined
estates of his father and mother, the
deceased banker having advanced his
son $100,000 during his lifetime and he
received $46,000 additional in the settle
ment with his brother, mother and sis
ters. The two'estates were "worth more
than $700,000. The lawyer said that the
son, in selling his expectancy, had
merely given a promise of peace to the
aged mother and permitted her to dis
pose of her property as she saw fit.
The case was subrpitted.
Charged With Grand Larceny.
Lillian Lucas, performer in a Mar-
ket-street resort, and George Ken
nedy, a waiter, who were arrested
on Monday by Detective Ryan, were
booked at the City Prison yesterday
on a charge of grand larceny. The
complaint was sworn to before Po
lice Judge Fritz by W. A. Williams
of Williams, Ariz., who alleges that
while he was suffering from drugged
liquor on Sunday night the defendants
extracted a pocketbook from his
pocket containing $1400 In currency
and $80 in gold. He had Bpent $23
in drinks for the woman and waiter.
The woman was released on $1500
cash bail.
Vickery Charged With Forgery.
B. C. Vickery was booked at the
City Prison yesterday on a charge of
forgery. The complaining witness is
Joseph C. Herold, manager of a shoe
store at 812 Market street, who al
leges that Vickery on December 24
passed a check for $27 50 on him
purporting to bear the signature of
Charles Emerson, a former employer
of Vickery. Emerson says his signa..
ture was a forgery. Vickery was ar
rested a few dqys ago for passing a
fictitious check on Chester B. Ellis,
a stockbroker.
vated. If absolutely protected from
floods this area would be made worth,
at a conservative valuation, from $50,
--000,000 to $75,000,000, and an additional
"area of 250,000 acres, now protected
against ordinary floods, would be large
ly enhanced In value. Therefore the
permanent reclamation of this vast ex
tent of overflowed lands, assuming It
could be accomplished at an expense of
$24,000,000, would be the most profitable
kind of business undertaking. It would
create a great amount of new wealth,
add to the productive power of the
State and cause a large increase In
population.
To accomplish these grand results
seems to require the co-operation of
the State and United States govern
ments, combined with a large degree
of public spirit and private enterprise
on the part of the individuals who will
be most directly affected. Such exten
sive changes in the regimen of the
Sacramento River as are proposed may
not be made except the assent of the
United States Government is first se
cured and presumably that will not be
given until the whole project has first
been reviewed and approved by a board
of Federal engineers organized for the
purpose. It would, therefore, be well,
I think, for the Legislature to take ac
tion looking to the appointment, by the
proper authority, of such a board,
which would naturally be composed of
eminent engineers, whose conclusions
would constitute a valuable check upon
the work of the State's commission.
If the theories and estimates of the lat
ter should be sustained and verified,
there would be added confidence felt in
the practicability of the enterprise on
the lines which have been laid down.
At the same time, such a Federal com
mission would lay the foundation on
which an appeal could be made to Con
gress for aid in executing the work.
The benefits which the State will de
rive from the improvement of the river
and the reclamation square
miles of fertile land are so great that
it will be sound public policy for it to
assist In every way in which it can do
so. But in what manner it can best
act is a question calling for thorough
and intelligent consideration before a
decision Is reached. The loan of the
State's credit to assist the work of a
great reclamation district, as well as a
liberal appropriation of money to aid
in the river improvement, has been
suggested, but I feel that the subject
has not yet been sufficiently discussed
to render It possible to make a positive
recommendation. But in view of the
vast amount of new wealth which will
be created, the land itself will naturally
be called upon to assume a burden of
expense and, so far as possible. In just
proportion to the Increment of values.
STORE ENTERED BY BURGLARS.—Oak
land, Jan. 3.—C. Gargulla's store, 906 East
j Twenty-fifth street, was entered last night by
1 burglars, who stole $23 and a blanket.
WILL REAPPOINT
FIFE OFFICIALS
Mayor Schmitz Makes An
nouncement That Incum
bents Will Be Eetained
Mayor Schmitz made the definite an
nouncement yesterday that he will re
appoint at least five Commissioners
whose terms of offlce will expire on
January 8 next. This confirms the pre
liminary advices already published in
The Call that such would be the case.
Those who will be reappointed accord
ing to the Mayor's statement are as
follows:
School Director —Aeron Altmann.
Member of the Board of Health—Dr.
Joseph F! Poheim.
Fire Commissioner—Henry M. Wre
den.
Election Commissioner —A. W. Voor
sanger.
Civil Service Commissioner—John
W. Rogers.
This leaves only three commissionsr
ships to be filled, but his Honor stat
ed that he will not announce his selec
tions thereon until the latter part of
this week. David J. Oliver, who
thought he would be appointed Civil
Service Commissioner, will have to wait
until Rogers resigns to accept some
Federal position.
The fact that Dr. Poheim will remain
on the Health Board kills his aspira
tions to succeed Howell as Police Com
missioner. Who the latter** successor
will be the Mayor alone knows and
he will not tell. Gossip mentions Dr.
George Drucker, Arthur Dudley Cross
and G. M. Roy as probable appointees.
Thomas F. Egan still appears to
have the best chance to succeed M.
Casey, who will retire from public life.
The Call's announcement that Casey
would not succeed himself brought
numerous strong influences to bear up
on the Mayor to change his mind, but
thus far without Buccess. For Park
Commissioner William H. Metson ap
pears to have as good a chance as any
one else for reappointment.
Alexander O'Grady, an attorney, is
slated for appointment as secretary of
the Police Commission to succeed Cad
walader. Should Egan be put on the
Board of Works John G. Fitzgerald
will in all likelihood succeed him as
storekeeper of the Board of Education.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Pago 17.
100 Andea 46 100 Ophir 8 «»
800 Andes 47 200 Ophir 8 iS
200 Belcher 26! 500 Overman 23
200 Belcher 27! 800 Overman 22 ,
300 Best Sz Belch.l 35(1000 Potosl 27
400 Bullion 38] 400 Potosl 28
400 Caledonia .... 50! 900 Potosl 29
200 Caledonia .... 51| 600 Savage 40,
200 Challenge ... 27 300 Scorpion 17 |
8300 Chollar 41 200 Scorpion 18
300 Chollar 42 1600 Scorpion 19
1100 Con Cal ft V.2 30 200 Seg Belcher... 10
200 Con Cal ft V.2 35|1600 Sierra Nev 70
300 Confidence ... 80 100 Sierra Nev 66;
100 Confidence ... 81 100 Silver Hill 63!
200 Confidence ... S3 200 Silver Hill 62 :
100 Exchequer ... 61 800 Union Con 97 i
100 Gould & Cur. 31 900 Union Con 95 :
300 Justice 12 300 Union Con 96
600 Mexican 2 40 800 Utah 13
300 Mexican 2 35 1500 Utah 12 ;
400 Occidental ... 87 900 Yellow Jacket. 21 j
1500 Ophir 9 00
Afternoon Session—Comstocks.'
800 Andes 44! 50 Mexican 2 25
200 Belcher 29! 300 Occidental ... 90
500 Belcher '2 400 Ophir 7 50
100 Best & Belch.l y3 50 Ophir 800
600 Bullion 85! SCO Overman ..... 24 '
100 Challenge ... SO 500 Potosl 29
700 Con Cal & V.2 25 100 Potosl 28 !
700 Con Cal & V,2 20 600 Savage 46 1
1500 Con Imperial. 02! 400 Bcorplon 20 |
100 Gould St O— 3711900 Scorpion 19 ;
200 Gould St Cur. 38j 500 Sierra Nev 67
800 Gould St Cur. 40! 100 Sierra Nev 68
800 Hale St Norc.l 15! 500 Utah 12 i
400 Justice 14 600 Utah 11
1200 Justice 13! 600 Union Con 94
1000 Lady Wash... 05! 800 Union Con 93
600 Mexican 2 30! 600 Yellow Jacket. 25
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid.Ask. !
Alpha 19 211 Julia 07 08
Alta 07 10 Justice 12 13
Andes 38 40 Kentuck 02 03
Belcher 30 31! Lady Wash ..04 fls
Best ft Belch.l 20 1 30|Mexican 2 25 2 30
Bullion 83 84iOceidental ... 89 93
Caledonia .... 53 55TOr.hlr 7758 00
Challenge ... 28 801 Overman 21 22
Chnllar 40 42 Potoal 28 29
Confidence ... 85 90 Scorpion 19 20
Con Cal & V.2 15 220 Savage 45 47
Con Imperial. 01 02 Seg Belcher... 08 10
Con NY 05 06 Sierra Nev 66 67
Crown Point.. 20 21 Silver Hill 61 63
Eureka Con.. — 50 St. Louis 10 —
Exchequer ... 57 69 Syndicate 18 20
E. Sierra Nev 03 05!Unlon Con 93 95
Gould St Cur. 36 37IUtah 11 12
Hale St Nore.l 05 1 15|Yellow Jacket. 24 26
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Ton of Nov. 98710 00 Ton ft Ca1.... — IB
Mont Ton ...1 85 190 Ray ft O'Brien 03 05
Ton Exten ..2 75 —Paymaster ... 08 04
MacNamara .31 32 Mizpah Ex .. 12 —
Ton Midway.. 33 35 Little Ton ... — 89
Ton Belmont. 68 70 Ec per ansa 01 02
Ton N Star... 12 22 Gold Anchor.. 20 25
Ton Ohio .... — 25 Quincy 11 —
West End ... 12 16 N V Ton Con. 18 IB
Ton Gold Mt. 14 15 Timber Hill .. 20 —
Rescue 06 07!
Goldfleld.
Sandstorm ... 49 501 Black Butte... 21 23
Red Top 15 17lBooth M Co.. — 13
Goldfleld Mhk 16 — Blue Bull ... 22 25
Columbia 21 22' Adams 11 IS
Diamondfleld. 31 35 Sliver Pick ... — 19
Jumbo 56 60|May Queen .. 16 —
Jumbo Ex .. 21 22lNevada Boy.. 17 —
Vernal Mm .. 14 16'Orig Bullfrog. 16 13
Pennsylvania — 09 Bullfrog Mln.. 70 —
Goldfleld 69 71 Blk Butte Ex 10 —
Kendal' 23 26 South Western 60 —
Oakland 21 23
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGB.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Black Butte.. 21! 600 N V Ton Con. 09
600 Black Butte.. 2212300 N V Ton Cdh. 08
1000 Free Gold M. 1411500 N V Ton Con. 07
300 Jumbo 6311000 Orlg Bullfrog. 17
300 Jumbo 66 1000 Orlg Bullfrog. IS
100 MacNamara . 3011000 Rescue 06
1600 MacNamara . 31! 1000 Red Top 17
800 MacNamara . 3211000 Red Top 18
900 Mont Ton ...1 851 100 Ton of Nev.9 87U
1600 Mont T0n..l 87%! 1000 Ton N Star... 22
Afternoon Session.
1000 Free Gold M. 14i 800 Ton Belmont.. 69
2000 MacNamara . 82 800 Ton Belmont.. 72
200 Mont Ton.. 187% 500 Ton Midway.. 34
1300 Mont Ton ...1 86 500 Ton N Star... 20
1500 Paymaster .. 03 tOOO Vernal Mln .. 12
2000 Rescue 06
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Aak.
Black Butte.. 21 —NTT Con M — 10
Blue Bull .. — 20 Orlg Bullfrog. 17 18
Diamondfleld. 27 30 Paymaster ... 02 04
Dixie Mm ... — 20 Pa Goldfleld.. — io
Esperanza ... 01 02 Red Top 15
Free Gold M. — 15 Rescue 06 07
Goldfleld 88l — OBlßothwell GM. 12 50
Goldfleld Mm. 69 70|Sandstorm ... 51
Gldfld Red L. 05 —(Ton Belmont.. 68 69
Jumbo 50 561T0n Exten ..2 75 290
Jumbo Ex .. — 22! Ton Gold Mt. 15 16
Kendall ...... 21 —ITon MidwayV 34 35
Lucky Tom.. 03 06! Ton of Nev.ft 75 10 00
MacNamara . 30 331T0n N Star... 21 «>3
Mont Tn.l 82% 1 87%|Vernal Mm .. 12 —
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stock — Bid. Asked.
Alma , so
Associated Stock Tr. Cert 26 27
Caribou 6 75 7 00
Central Point Con 70
Claremont 85
Coalinga ft Pacific 75
Four 54 / 55
Hanford 200 00
Home 42 43
Imnerlal 16 50
Independence 29 30
Kern 5 50
Kern (new) 30
Kern River 12 50
Monte Crlsto 75 S."
Plttsburg 06 15
Union 68 00
Miscellaneous —
Associated Oil Co. bonds 80 00 84 -m—
Northern Cal. Power 8 75 9 75
SALS3S.
Mornins? Session.
Board —
2042 Aesoclated Oil 27
Afternoon Seaslon.
Board —
100 Caribou 7 00
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Heat your
office at
once
This weather causes pneu
monia, grippe, colds, etc. If
your. stenographer, book
keeper or clerk gets sick, lays
off for one day, it loses more
money for you than a dozen
heaters cost. Then, too, how
about yourself? Isn't your
own health of some value ?
We can warm any office,
store or house quickly
and economically with
GAS
Phone Exchange 6 for
our expert. Don't wait
to write. Quick action
our style.
THE (JUS COMPANY
415 Post. St.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUARANTEED CUBE FOB MEN.
HARMLESS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
casf s in a few days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. WO OTHER T&EATMEBTT
KEQUI3U3D. Prevents and Cures Stric
tures. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
g. 8. HBLEY'S PHARMACY. 102 Eddy.
DTITTCTJT?O for barbers, bak
nnlJnrlLjU ers, bootblack*, bath
houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Steamers of company, or
/vPV t° r which It Is agent, leave
Pier * 9 and **• 8& n Fran
n T I For Ketchikan, Wrangel,
I I XBPiSBsb/ I Juneau, Treadwell, Haines,
Y«*\. nTW Skaguay, etc., Alaska —11 a
\PXj v \l m., Jan. 5, 10, 18, 20, 26, 30,
Feb. 4. Change to this com-
pany's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver, Port Townsend,
Seattle Tacoma, Everett. South Belllngham,
Belltngham—ll a. m., Jan. 6, 10, 15, 20. 25. 30,
Feb 4 Change at Seattle to this company**
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Beattl«
o- Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to
c P Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:80
p. m . Jan. 5. 11, 17. 23, 29. Feb. 4. Corona,
1:30 p m.. Jan. 2. 8. 14, 20,,26, Feb. 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a, m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crux, Mon
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Jan. 6, 14. 22, 30. Feb. 7.
Santa Crux (freight only), 9 a. m., Jan. 2.
10, 18, 26.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia.
Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each month.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates
TICKET OFFICES} —4 New Montgom
ery st.(Palace Hotel), lo Market St., and Broad
way wharves. Freight Office, 10 Market st
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market st, San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Sutter St., will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange, 312.
occan.cs.sxt. l»5»»k
g" S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney," Thurs., Jan. 12, 1905, 2 p. m.
S S ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Jan. 21, 11 am
s! S*. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Feb. 7, 11 e-m..
J.C.SPEECKELSScBROS. CO., AelS.,tlctet 01C8643 *U
ieL rigiglt once 327 MarM si, Pier 7, PacHs it.
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATL ANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE —PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday instead of sffll
Saturday, at 10 a.m., from Pier 42,
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., PacWc Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Tor TT. S. Navy Yard and Vallele
Strs. General Frlsble. Montlcello and Arrow,
8- 45 a-m., 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m., 0 p.m., 8:30
n.m.: Sundays, 9:45 a.m., 12:30 noon, 6 p in.,
8:80 p. m. Leave Vailejo, 7 a.m., 9 a.m., 12:30
p.m., 8:15 p.m. (*5:45 p.m. Saturday). 6 p.m.
Sundays. 7 a.m., 9 a.m., 3:20 p.m.. 6 p.m. Pier
2 foot Mission St.: phone Main 1508. HATCH
BROS.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
|CHICAGO T |N 3 DAYSI
I l_E AV£S DAILY AT 9:30 A. tvl ■
M WITH QINE.RSA.HD SLSEPERSjI
Other Santa Fe Tralas:
7:30 a. m. ]
9- 30 a, m. )■ For Stockton Fresno, Bakers field,
8:00 p. m. J Merced, Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p.m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices— 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak
land, Cal.; also 27 South Ist, San Jose.
nrrpfigmrri tosan rafael,
UrWiMim ROSS VALLEY '
CAZADERO, Etc.
MefeU9BBt9!K- via Sausalito Ferry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, daily, at t7:06.
7-45 8:25, S»:10. 9:50, 11:00 a. m.; 12:20. 1:45
3:lb. 4:35, 5:15. 5:50, 6:30. 7:15. 10:15 and
11:35 p. m-
Arrive at San Francisco dally, at t«:40.
T-35, 8:15, 8:30, 9:35, 10:50 a. m.; 12:10. 1:30
2155! 4.25, 5:05. 5:42. 6:22. 6:57. 7:40 and H :2 5
p. m.
tDaily except Sunday.
For Fairfax dally, at 7:43 a. m.; also Satur
days at 3:15 p. m.. and dally except Saturday
and Sunday at 5:15 p. m. •
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. daily—Cazadero and way stations.
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays only—For Cazadero,
etc.
6:15 p. m. daily, except Saturday and Sun
day, for Tomales, etc.
TICKET OFFICE —650 Market st.
FERRY—Union Depot, foot of Market st.
RAILWAY TRAVEL-
Tniii INT* mm* ■**
to »rrW* at
FRANCISCO.
(Toot of Market Streak)
Sgg - Main line. - A " TT , ,, "
7 00A VacavMe, Winters, liuiusey........ 7-60|»
7.00 a Benlela, Elmiraaad Sacrament*.. 7-20P
7.30 a Vailejo, Napa, Caliitog*. Santa
Rosa. Martinez, San Ramon §20*
7SOa Ntles.Trar.y. Lathrop, Stocktoa.... 7.29 m
• 00a Shasta Express — (Via pa™ >•
Williams. Willows, tFrato. Ka4
Bluff. Portland. Tacoinn, Seattle 7-Bw*
• 00A Davis. Woodland. Kntghta Landtag.
MarysvlUe. Orovllle .. r-mmw
8 50a Martinet. Anttoch. Byron. Tracy.
Stockton, Newman. Loa Baace,
Meadota, Armona, Hanford.
▼Uall*. Portervllle •.Zw*
• 30a Port Costa. Modeito, Merced.
Fresno, Goalien Jancttoa, Haa- mmm
ford, Vlsalta. Bak«rsfield ... ... ■**■*»•
• SOA Biles, San Jose, Llvermore. Btoeß
ton, (tMlltoe). l*oe, Sacramento. 9nm
MarysTllle. Chleo. Red Bluß .... »*>»•"
•Jsoa Oakdele. Chinese. Jamestown. »o- . 20 _
nora, Toelutiiue and Angela ..... I'SXL
• 00A Atlantic Express—Ogden and Bast.
••30a Richmond, Marttuex and War
. Buttons » So *
10 00A The Overland Limited — «»«de*.
Omaha, Chicago, Denver. Eanaaa
10.00 a Vailejo..... at«s »* * ~p
10-00 a Los Angeles Passenger — Fort
Cesta. Martlnei. Byroa. Tracy,
Lathrop. 8 toe it ton, Merced,
Raymond. Fresno. Geafcea June
tiou, Baaford, Lemoore, VlaaUa,
Bakerineld. Lot Angeles iff*
12-Mm Baywsrd. Biles aad Way Btatioa*.
tI4OP Sacramentoßlrer Bteamer*. lII.IIBP
I-SOp Boat el a, Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landtag,
Marrtvilie, Oroviiia aad way
station* I |'f?S
JHP* Ba/ward. Nils* and Way Stations.. 7 50*
•OBP Port Cost*, Martinez, Byron,Trae7,
Lathrop. Stockton, Mad a* to.
Merced, Berenda, Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Pert Costa 12.200
4Jt> Martlnei. San Ranoa.VaUejasßapa,
Calls toga, Santa Rosa. 9-20*
4 Mm Nile*. Tracy. Btoekion 10 20a
4 JO* Bar ward, BUaa, Irvlegtoo, Baal tB 60*
_/**e. Livermora } 111,60*
•4)B* The Owl Limited—Newnaan. Loa
tanot, Mendota, Fresno, Tnlare.
akerss eld. Los Ansa tea. „ 1-So*
► fB Mm Hayward, Nlies and San Jose ..... 7.20 a
I.OOp Bayward. HUes aad Ban Jose gbtt*
%Mm Eastern Kxpress—Omaha, Chicago.
Dtnver. Kansas City, Bt. Louis,
Martlnei, Stockton. 8 a crambo to,
Colfax. Beao. Sparks, MoatoUo.
Oeden tS.BB*
•.BO* Vailejo, dally, except innday.... I 7 fiM
7 00* Vailejo. Sunday only f ' ovm
7.00* Richmond. San Pablo, Port Costa,
Martinez and Way btatioaa 11.20*
?.Qop Bono Passenger—Fort Costa, Be
ntcta. Suteun, Elmlra, Dixon.
Doris, Sacramento, Sparka. Ton*
pah, Kee>er and Way Stations... 7 BOA
•LBS* Oregon * California Express— Sao
raraento, MarysTlllo, Bedding,
Portland, Paget Sound and Baat. 8 60*
#.It*> Hayward, Ntles and Sea Jose (Boa
dayonly)... . 11»0*
COAST LINE. (Sorrow Oaogo).
(Fost of Mar/et Street.) >
•-ISA Newark. CeaterTllie, Baa Jo so,
Feltoo, Boalder Creek, Santo
Cras and Way Statlor* S-HP
tt.lSa> Newark. Centurrllle, San Josa,
Sew Almaden.Loa Oatoa.Feltoa,
aaldrr Creek, Santa Cms sod
Frlnolpal Way Stations tlO Ss*
4.15P1 Newark. Ban Joae. Los Gatoa...-{
Og.3of> Hoaters' Train (Saturday oaly)—
Ban Jose and Way Stations t7 260
COAST LINE (Broad Uaage).
t#~ (Third and Towasend fltreeu.)
!.10a San Jos* and Way Stations. 8 30*
.OOa San Jose and Way Stations 6 40»
f -OOA New Almadea (Tnea., Frld.. only). d-100
40a The Coaster—San Jose, Salinas.
Ban Ardo, Paso Roblee, Bant*
Margarita, San Lnls Obispo,
Guadalupe, Gavlota. Santa Bar*
■era. Ban Buenaventura, Mo*
talvo, Oxnord, Bnrbank, Loa
Angeles It.3Qe>
IjOOa Gllroy, Hollister, Castrovllle, Del
Monte. Pacific Grove, S«rf, Lonv
poo 10-30s»
o.ooa Ban Jose. Tres Plaoi.Wntsonvlllo,
Capltoln, Santa Crux, Paclße
Grore, Salinas, San Lull Obispo
and Principal Way Stations. 4-lOst
10-30* Ban Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 1 20*
11 30a San Jose and Way Stations 7.30»
S.l6p Ban Jose and Way Stations 8 36*
OOP Del Monte Express—Santa Clara,
Ban Jose, Wats o a v 111 c. Santo
Cruz. Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grove 12 ISo
tJVOOp Los Gatos, Wright, Bonlder Creek,
Banta Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge tlO 45*
l-SOo Valencia St., South San Francisco,
Bnrlingame, San Jose, Gllroy,
Hollister. Tres Finos 10 46*
4.30* San Joee and Way Stations 18.00*
fEAOo Santa Clara, San Jose. Loa Gatos,
and principal Way Stations (ex
cept Sunday) tS.OO*
|f.XQp Ban JoseandPrrncipalWaySutions 49 40*
6 4§p Bncset Express.—Redwood. San
Jose, Gllroy, Salinas, fasoßobles,
Ban Luis Obispo, Banta Barbara,
Los Angeles, Deming. El Paso,
pt.Louis, New Orleans, New York 9 10*
6.4BpPajaro, Wstsonvllle, Capttola,
banta Cruz, Castrovllle, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove 10-30*
tg.lSp tau Mateo.Beresford.Belmont.San
Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park. Pal* Alto t« 48*
6 30p San Jose and Way Stations. 8 38a
|.00pP*'o Alto and Way Stations 10.IS*
11.30P South San Francisco. Mlllbrae, Bor-
HBgatne, Baa Mateo, Belmont,
Baa Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto tg.4o*
■lIMp Maj field. Mountain View, Sunny
vale. Lawrence, Banta Clara a^d
Ban Jose 7. %%Mm
A for Morning. F for Afternooav
t Bond ay excepted t Sunday only
<- Saturday only. * Monday osd*.
. ibions at *U stations on Sunday
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS—7:3O. 8:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays—Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS—B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; l:3t\ 3:30.
5:00, 0:20, 11:30 p. m. f
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN F BAN CISCO.
WEEK DAYS—O:OS, 7:35, 7:60, 9:20, 11:15.
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40, 5:00, 6:20 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra txtv at 2:06 and 6:35 p m.
SUNDAYS—B:OO, 9:40, 11:15 a, aa.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:05, 6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect j Arrive
San Fran. 1 Oct. 2. 1904. | Ban Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days, j tlon. I days. [ Days.
~7:30a 8:00 a t9:loa| 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignaole. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 0:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p|
7:30 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novatb. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
8:10 v 3:30 p and T:8»p
6:00 p Santa Rosa.
7-30 a 10:40 ail 0:20 a
8:00 a Fultcn. 7:35 p 6:20 p
8:30 p 3:30 p I
Windsor,
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg, 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle. 7:36 pj 6:20 p
Cloaerdale. I
'7:80 ar8:00 at Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 p| 3:30 p) and Uklah. | 7:33 p( 6:20 p
' j j Wllllta and I
T:80 a| 8:00 af Sherwood. [ 7:36 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a:i0:20 a
8:30 p( 3:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 a! 8:40 a
6:10 pi 5:00 p| Plan Ellen. | 8:05 p| 0:20 p
7:3b _ arB:ooa| 110:40 ajl0:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. f 7:85 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green. Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs anJ Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs- at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Bocne
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls
bad Springs Soda Bay. Lakeport, Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Bprlng»,
Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day s.
Riverside Llerly'a, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin
Heiehts. Hullville. Git's Hot Springs. Halfway
House Comptcho, Hcpkins. Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg Westport and Usal; at Wllllta for
Fort Bragg! Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Ca'ito Covelo, Laytonvllle, Crammings,
Bell's Sosings, Harris, Hubbard, Fruitland.
Dyer. Garbervllle, Camp 5. Pepperwood. Scotia
an Saturday a to Monday round-trip tickets at re
dUd On Sunday—Round-trip tickets to all polnta
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building. _ „ , „
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R- X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen Para Agt.
Mt, Tamalpais Railway
It. San Francisco . Franaaat
TL Payi[ Wadart Saadayt 'wOeyT
nrm %vSSSSBLm *:<*of •io:soa
0:50 a 9:SOa *S*ctßß» 2:55p 2:55p
"i:4sp" l':45H plsar
"Sstardayt 4:35p SaturtiiTi 11:19s)
*vla Gravity Car V Mt Tuaalpau to Mill TiUae
TICIIT } 630 Market St.,(North Shore Railroad)
OinOiS i aad Sacsauto FaaaY, Foot Market St,
WBeKy Call $1.00 bbi Year