VOLUME XCVII—NO. 44,
DEMOCRATS
GIVE AID TO
PRESIDENT
Will Support His
Railroad Rate
Policy,
Eiecntiye Scores Victory
Oyer His Republican
Opponents.
Little Doubt That Desired Legislation
Will Be Enacted During the
Present Session
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAUTPOST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON*. Jan. 12.—With the
passing- of the tariff problem the more
perplexing one of interstate railroad
rates comes to the front, apparently to
stay, and President Roosevelt has
gained a decided advantage over the
opposition. It seems practically certain
that the House will meet this question
at the present session and pass a bill.
Speaker Cannon is throwing his influ
ence in favor of action and the leaders
of the House will try to agree upon a
measure.
A flank movement by the Democrats
of the House has greatly aided the
President in his efforts for rate legis
lation. A conference of leading Demo
crats was held last night, called by
John Sharp Williams, and it was de
termined to force the Republicans to
cither give or deny a rate bill at this
session. As a result of this conference
the minority of the Interstate Com
merce Committee presented a resolution
to-day in favor of closing the present
series of hearings on January 23, in
order to get together on a bill. A di
rect vote on this was averted to-day,
bui. it will come up again to-morrow.
Two Republicans of the committer —
Representatives Esch of Wisconsin
and Townsend of Michigan—are ready
to vote for the resolution.
SPEARS FOR THE RAILROADS.
Samuel Spencer, president of the
Southern Railway, and authorized to
voice the sentiment of the New York
Central, the Erie, the Chicago, Mil
waukee and St. Paul, the Northern Pa
cific, the Illinois Central, the Lacka
wanna and other railway companies,
spoke vigorously to-day before the
House Committee on Interstate and
Foreign Commerce against the Cooper-
Quarles bill or any proposition to au
thorize the Interstate Commerce Com
mission to fix railway rates. Spencer
Is the first direct and official repre
sentative of the railways to be heard
by the committee, and his testimony is
regarded as the keynote of the opposi
tion to rate-fixing by the Government.
"There is no difference of opinion,"
said Spencer, "between the railroads of
the country, Congress and the Presi
dent on the subject that rebates are
wrong. But I do not think any addi
tional legislation is necessary in order
to proceed against that particular
class of abuses. If such legislation does
appear to Congress to be necessary the
railways of the country will certainly
stand ready to aid and co-operate.
"The question before you is not of
that character—it is that of the power
to name a rate upon the part of the
commission after complaint and hear
ing. It has been claimed this will be
a means of stopping rebates. This
claim I have no hesitation in disput
ing.
FIXED RATE CAN BE EVADED.
"It is claimed." he continued, "that
this power would be a weapon in the
hands of the commission to prevent re
abates. But a rate fixed by the com
mission can be rebated or evaded Just
as easily as any other. The use of that
weapon. If given to the commission,
would punish not the evader of the rate
but the one which upheld the rate."
The most important claim in behalf
of the proposition Spencer believed to
be that such power would enable the
commission to prevent discrimination
between localities. This question of
adjusting rates between localities, he
said, was the most difficult and intri
cate of all. The present system was
the growth of natural competition not
only between local roads, which would
always exist, but between railroads as
well. To disturb this system, he main
tained, would not only be a task so
enormous that no statement could
convey a comprehension of it, but
would be Impossible of satisfactory
completion in the hands of a body with
authority only to take into considera
tion the one phase of adjusting rates
with reference to their equalization so
far as the carrier was concerned, and
leaving out the question of competition
between localities.
SECRETARY MORTON'S VIEWS.
Paul Morton, Secretary o# the Navy
and formerly vice president of the At
• chlson, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad
Company, is the author of an article
on the railway rate question which
will be published in the Outlook to
morrow.
The Secretary says there are very few
complaints against railroad rates per
se in the United States, the chief trou
. ble being with "the relation of rates
as between markets." He says there
are as many rates that are too low as
Continued on Page 2, Column 4.
THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at San Francisco for
thirty hours ending midnight, Janu
ary 18:
San Francisco and vicinity—Rain
Friday: high southeast winds.
A. G. McADIBX District Forecaster.
»
CUSTOMERS
WILL SHARE
HIS PROFIT
Novel Co-operative
Plan o! Rich Man-
Hiactorer.
Intends to Distribute His
Holdings Among Patrons
and Employes.
Modest Salary Ail He Is to Receive
for Continuing to Manage
the Business.'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 12—Hereafter the
profits of the factories of the N. O. Nel
son Manufacturing Company will be
apportioned among customers, em
ployes and charities. A statement is
sued by the company follows:
"A dividend of 4 per cent on all
wages received in the last nine years
by employes of one or more years' work
has been declared. For 1905 the profits
will be divided in the proportion of 1
per cent on capital (above 6 per cent
Interest), 1% per cent on wages, 2 per
cent on gross profits of customers' pur
chases."
Another statement issued personally
by President N. O. Nelson follows:
'For 1905 my part of the profits of
the Nelson and its allied companies
(about four-fifths of the whole profits)
will be divided four-tenths to the cus
tomers,, three-tenths to the employes
and three-tenths for public and benev
olent purposes, payable in my stock at
a price yielding 6 per cent net income."
These formal notices convey the in
tent of a new plan of
evolved by Nelson, to replace and be an
improvement upon that in force for
several years in his factories at Ed
wardsville, St. Louis and elsewhere.
Concerning his intentions, Nelson said:
"The plan of co-operation existing for
the last nine years between the com
pany and its employes has been closed,
after having paid to employes divi
dends of from 4 to 10 per cent yearly.
Under the new plan I shall receive no
profits, and will gradually turn over
my stock to those mentioned In the no
tices. For building up, managing and
directing the affairs of the company I
have been sufficiently rewarded. Here
after the profit will be diverted to the
purposes named. I own four-fifths of
the stock, the remainder being held
principally by employes.
"This does not mean that I will sever
my connection with the business, al
though at a continued rate of trade
like the present it would not be long
before my stock will all have been ap
portioned. I shall continue to work for
the company at a salary, which I might
say is smaller than some other em
ployes receive, and after I am no longer
a stockholder it rests with the owners
to determine whether I shall continue
in the employ of the company, my foot
ing being the same as any other em
ploye."
SOLUTION
OF CANCER
PROBLEM
BUFFALO, N. V., Jan. 12.—The sci
entists who since 1899 have been study
ing cancer at the Gratwick Patho
logical Laboratory of the University of
Buffalo, under the patronage of the
State of New preparing to re
port facts which indicate that they are
nearing the solution of the great prob
lem. The Buffalo laboratory has proved
cancer to be a parasitic disease, infec
tious in type; that it has been trans
planted and reproduced in perfectly
healthy animals; that the reproduction
has been true cancer as it exists in* the
human and that the disease in animals
has been cured by the administration
of a serum prepared in the Buffalo la
boratory.
Experimentally considered, the ques
tions of the cause of cancer and its ab
solute curability are settled facts. What
remains now is the application of the
results of the animal experimentation
to the cure of the disease as It exists in
human beings.
Much work remains to be done before
Dr. Roswell Park, director of the labor
atory, will be prepared to make the
final announcement of the discovery of
a serum suitable for use in the allevia
tion and cure of cancer in human be
ings, but that this will be forthcoming
in due time is an almost assured fact
because of the discoveries which have
been made. The doctors at the univer
sity laboratory have Inoculated mice
with cancer germs and then cured
them by Injections of serum.
THE Sa n Francisco CALL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SENATOR-ELECT FLINT ON THE WAY
TO HIS HOME IN THE SOUTH.
RICH WIDOW
IS CHARGED
WITH ARSON
Accused of Applying
Torch to Gain
Insurance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE. Wash., Jan. 12.—Mrs.
Georgia Antrim, the "rich Alaskan
widow," who created a sensation in
Spokane last month by visiting the big
stores, saddlery shops, Jewelry houses
and other establishments frequented by
the wealthy while arranging to open a
luxurious residence in this city, and
who later gained fame by announcing
that $4000 worth of furs had been con
sumed in a small blaze at 1111 Ash
street, has been arrested on the charge
of having perpetrated wholesale frauds
against insurance companies. Detec
tive McPhee went to Seattle and is ex
pected to arrive here with his prisoner
to-morrow.
"We have positive information that
Mrs. Antrim has burned eight resi
dences within the past few months
that she might collect insurance." af
firmed Chief Waller to-night. "These
houses were in this city, Seattle, Ta
coma, Portland and San Francisco. The
money got by the woman from insur
ance companies amounts to thousands
of dollars." '
Mrs. Antrim appeared in Spokane in
the early winter. She seemed pos
sessed of vast wealth, dined at the best
restaurants and let it be generally
known that she was "an Alaskan
widow." She rented a furnished home
of George Cummings. Patrolman Stot
ko, who was tenanting part of the
house, was making efforts to get hence
with his family. Before Stotko got
out, however, the fire came.
Then "Widow Antrim" was arrested
on the unpoetic charge of having stol
en a toilet set from the Krum Drug
Company. To ward off the unpleasant
notoriety the "widow" went to the edi
tor of an evening paper and offered
him $50 to forget that such an unpleas
ant arrest had been made. She offered
a police reporter $60 to cut the arrest
out of his notebook. Both of these ef
forts failed and the unlucky widow for
feited a $50 bond in the Police Court.
She was traced to Seattle and the ar
rest was made.
TWO VESSELS AT MERCY
OF WIND AND WAVES
Vessel Runs Upon Fire Island Bar and
British Steamship Strikes Reef
Off the Bahamas.
KEY WEST, Fla.. Jan. 12.—The Brit
ish steamship Andana, from Galveston
to European ports with a cargo of cot
ton, etc., struck a reef off the Bahama
Islands about ten miles from Elbow
Key Light and is probably a total loss.
The captain and crew landed on the
Cuban coast.
NEW YORK. Jan. 12.—While feeling
her way through the dense fog to-day
in an effort to reach this port the su
gar-laden steamship Indus from Ha
vana for New York struck Fire Island
bar and is now stuck hard and fast.
Efforts to float the Indus were begun
immediately- after she struck the bar.
She carries no passengers.
GLACE BAY, N. S.. Jan. 12.—The
Gloucester schooner Landseer, which
was sunk in a collision in Bay of Isl
ands, N. F., last Sunday, lost' five of
her crew, Norwegians.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1905.
DISCUSSING THE MERITS
OF NEW MEASURES.
San Francisco Solons Meet
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 12.—After the
adjournment of the general session of
the Senate to-day the San Francisco
delegation met to discuss the merits of
the various bills that have been lntro
■duced by San Franciscans since the
Legislature opened. The delegation
agreed to stand as a unit in favor of
the bill' providing for the appropriation
of $100,000 for the erection and furnish
ing of a new State normal school build
ing at San Francisco.
The discussion on Keane's bill, mak
ing it a misdemeanor to sell or give
away liquors within 1000 feet of any
military reservation in the State,
waxed somewhat warm,, the members
of the delegation being divided on the
question. It was finally agreed to con
tinue the argument until a later day.
Assemblyman Houser is to withdraw
the constitutional amendment Intro
duced by him providing for the dispos
ing of State, city and county moneys in
banks and will present another which,
according to advices received by him
this evening, will be sent him from
Los Angeles. The new one is more com
prehensive than the one introduced by
I Houser and contains a complete
scheme of depositing the funds under
i the direction of a special commission
' and for the sale of bonds given as se
, curlty by the banks in case of default.
| In order that voters may clearly under
' stand the object of the loans the new
[ amendment will state on Its face that
! the money is to draw interest. It has
been prepared by experts and is claim
i ed to meet every possible objection that
could be made.
RAILWAY LEGISLATION.
Senator Markey of San Francisco
will Introduce a bill probably to-mor
row that will without doubt receive the
NEWLY ELECTED JUNIOR UNITED STATES SENATOR FROM CALIFORNIA.
HIS WIFE AND MOTHER, BOTH OF WHOM ARE PROMINENT IN LOS
ANGELES CLUB LIFE. AND HIS TWO CHARMING CHILDREN.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
support' of every railway employe in
California, though doubtlessly It will
be vigorously opposed by the corpora
tions whose lines enter the State. The
bill will make it an offense for any
railway company to run any train,
either freight or passenger, without a
"full crew." It is contended by vari
ous railway unions that the companies,
actuated solely by motives of economy,
run trains without full crews with the
result that men are denied employ
ment by them and the safety of pas
sengers is frequently Jeopardized.
It is expected that the ratification of
an amendment to the Los Angeles City
charter providing that the life of no
franchise shall be more than 21 years
will be fought by a powerful street
raiiway lobby sent here for that pur
pose. The resolution of ratification
will be Introduced by Assemblyman
Houser in the House. It is not known
who will lead the opposition, but it is
said the support of all the Los Angeles
delegation will not be Denind the res
olution. The rapid growth of Los An
geles Is causing the projection of many
new electric lines and the street rail
way corporations do not take kindly
to any curtailment of franchise ex
istence.
APPROPRIATION FOR DAMS.
The people of Placer County want
some money from fhe present Legisla
ture to help construct dams for hy
draulic mining. They will probably
have measures Introduced by Assem
blyman Duryea. A dam is wanted on
Webber Creek below Placervllle and
another on the Bear River. The amount
to be asked for the former is $25,000.
For the other dam the people will ask
$25,000 or $30,000 and will agree to put
. . —_
Continued on Page St Column 1.
HAPPY HOME
LIFE OF THE
NEW SENATOR
Charming Family of
Victor Popular
in South.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 12.—1t would be
difficult to find a happier home than
that of Senator-elect Flint. Successful
though he has been in his professional
and political life, his achievements
have not been bought at the price of
domestic happiness. He never has per
mitted his popularity with his fellow
men to draw him from his fireside. He
is blessed with a charming family—a
wife and two children, Risley, aged 12
years, a»d Katherine, aged 14. Mrs.
Flint, while not a society woman In the
strict sense of the term, is very popu
lar. She is an active worker in the
Second Presbyterian Church, of which
her husband and children also are
members! and in the Ebell Club. She
was formerly Miss Katherine Bloss,
daughter of a well-known hotel pro
prietor of Merced.
Miss Katherine Flint is a bright pu
pil In the Marlborough School. She de
clares she will be the first person on
the special train to-morrow to meet her
father and tell him how glad she is.
She and her brother share their father's
companionship as few children do.
Master Risley attends an East Side
public school and ever since his father
has been a candidate for the Senator
ship he has conducted a personal cam
paign among his classmates. .
"Goodness, I feel as if I was most
President," declared Risley when he
heard the news from Sacramento yes
terday. He had been presented with a
pup by a friend and promptly named
the dog "Senator."
Flint's mother, Mrs. A. L. Danskin,
resides here. She is one of the promi
nent club women of Southern Cali
fornia
Senator McKee Entertains Colleagues.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 12.—Senator
Jamr? A. McKee gave a reception at
his home in this city to-night to the
members of the Legislature, Governor
Pardee and other State officers. It
was the first function of magnitude of
the session and was largely attended.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.— W. H.
i Sanders and wife of Los Angeles are
at the Hotel Raleigh.
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR—"Loat Rive-."
CALIFORNIA —Black Patti Trouba
dours.
COLUMBIA —"Salammbo."
CENTRAL—Minstrels.
CHUTES—Vaudeville.
FlSCHEß'S—Vaudeville.
GRAND—"The Darlinr of tke Gods."
LYCEUM—Vaudeville.
LYRIC HALL—Burton Holme*.
MAJESTIC —"Mlxpah."
ORPHEUM —Vaudeville*
TYVOLI— Grand oaera.
PRICE
Legislators Mau
Row With the
Governor.
Clash Is Likely
to Come Over
Patronage,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 12.—After a
wild night in Sacramento the Flint
boomers, headed by the United States
Senator-elect, took an early train to
day for the south. It is assumed that
they took the train as they took the
town last night.
Both houses of the Legislature will
prabably adjourn to-morrow until
Monday. That the session will extend
considerably beyond the sixty days
prescribed by the constitution Is now
deemed certain, as very little headway
has been made with the regular work.
There are premonitions of a clash be
tween the Governor and several State
Senators in reference to the distribu
tion of what is commonly known as
"executive patronage." The notion
prevails in the Senate that the chief
executive should accept the advice of
Senators regarding the fitness and abil
ity of men who may be appointed to
the offices of honor and emolument.
The fact is recalled that neither Mark
ham, Budd nor Gage, while holding the
office of Governor, went out of their
way to get the advice of the Senate in
the matter of appointments and there
are no signs that Governor Pardee will
lose sleep in a feverish desire to estab
lish new forms for the distribution of
patronage. It is said that the Governor
is really held responsible for the ap
pointments and that his hands should
be free to select such men as will carry
out the policies of the administration
with reference to the management of
the public institutions wholly supported
by the State.
CONGRATULATE FLINT.
San Joseans Greet Him as He Passes
Through Their City.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 12.—United States
Senator Frank P. Flint was tendered
an informal reception by a number of
San Joseans at the depot this evening
at 7:30 on his way to Los Angeles.
Word that Flint was to pass through
the city became known this afternoon,
and O. A. Hale and former State Sen
ator Oneal gathered a number of
their friends to welcome and congratu
late the new Senator. In the Sena
tor's party were W. R. Porter of Wat
sonville, M. C. Patterson, R. Wonkow
sky, John Burr and Messrs. Jeffrays
and Jones of Los Angeles.
Senator Flint and his party alighted
from the car, and during the stay of
the train shook hands and chatted
with the San Joseans, of whom there
were about a score.
FLINT GIVEN RECEPTION.
Senator-elect Flint, accompanied by
a large delegation of Los Angelans,
arrived from Sacramento yesterday
and departed for the south on the
evening train. During the day he re
ceived many friends in his rooms at
the Palace, and at noon he was the
guest of the Union League Club at an
informal reception.
Before his departure last evening
for his southern home Senator Flint
said he was going home to attend to
several business matters and would
then return to San Francisco. He
expects to visit and thoroughly in
spect the Mare Island navy-yard in
order to acquaint himself with its
need* before leavfng for Washington,
which he will reach Just before the
opening of the next session la March.
FIVE CENTS.2
GOVERNOR AROUSES ANGER OF SOLONS
RUSH OF BILLS CONTINUES
IN THE STATE LEGISLATURE
Old Fight of the Physicians
Orice More Crops Up in
the Lower House.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 12.—During a
debate in the Assembly this morning
over Waste's resolution that no- addi
tional attaches should be appointed ex
cept on a three-quarters vote it de
veloped that there remains one man in
the house who still has some patronage
left. Coyle asked if the resolution was
adopted would it in any way affect
members who still had some of the $10
allowed thetn. He said he had not used
all of his, as he had not seen fit to do
so. He added, though, that he might
use it in future and any idea that he
was to be the shining example of econ
omy in the He-use was dispelled.
Treadwell of San Francisco opposed
the resolution on the ground that un
der a provision of the Political Code no
further attaches could be appointed ex
cept by a three-fifths vote and that the
code preceded any resolution.
The roll was called and the Waste
resolution was defeated by a vote of
35 t 39.
Goodrich introduced a resolution pro
viding for the location, and holding in
some place where their services would
be of some benefit to the members the
stenographers that had been appoint
ed. His resolution provided that the
chief clerk and the sergeant at arms
place a number of typewriters at des
ignated stations and see that certain
graphers were at them at desig-
Ud periods so that when a member
c House wanted some work of this
lone he would know where to go.
Tv- all the stenographers are pretty
• i women and several young clerks
■ c volunteered to take the place
■ chief in helping to do the cor-
Clerk Lloyd said there -were
v duties he would not trust to sub
ordinates. The resolution was referred
to the Committee on Attaches.
ANOTHER RUSH OF BILLS.
There was another rush of bills in
the House this morning, among them
being a few that will produce some in
teresting fights. presented a
measure providing that all corporations
doing business in the State of Califorir
shall make quarterly statements
I ugh their president, or manager if
president does not reside in the
The object of tne measure is to
I late the dozens of companies that
carrying on business on nothing
celling worthless stocks to the un
cting public. They embrace min
hiti, realty, oil and other investments
that meet the public fancy as mediums
of winning wealth without working.
Only annual statements are now re
quired of corporations. Dorsey's bill
provides that each quarterly state
ment shall embrace an account of the
expenditures and receipts for the six
months preceding and makes the pun
ish m| t for any false statements not
more than one year nor less than six
months in prison or a fine not greater
than $1000 nor less .than $500.
Dorsey also introduced in the Assem
bly the bill making owners of pipe
HYDRAULIC MINERS SEEK AID OF STATE
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
as much more themselves into its con
struction.
Treadwell of San Francisco has In
troduced a bill in the Assembly that
will receive the attention of the law
yers of the State. It provides for the
reduction of fees of attorneys for exec
utors and administrators, and is of
vital importance to the legal profession,
ADVEIKTISKMKATS.
fljeftiui
atha«.3&cUu» (Tit
f x c l u « I tne
JUgh-aSraae (Clothiers
Mo Branch Stores and No Agents.
EXTRAORDINARY CARE
HAS BEEN DEVOTED
TO THE CREATION
OP SPRING MODELS.
INIMITABLE SMARTNESS
COMMANDING FABRICS
EXCLUSIVELY EXCLUSIVE.
Good values
on some clothes \
where sizes
are broken
\5Z
j&e amy £tr e e t
Ihurlotu Stock
lines used for the purpose of carrying
oil from any but their own wells a com
mon carrier.
McGOwan again brought up the lod
fight of the doctors over the State
Board of Medical Examiners by Intro
ducing a bill providing for a radical
change in that body. At present the
law provides that the board shall
consist of five allopaths, two
homeopaths and two eclectics and
that six shall be a quorum. Mc-
Gowan's measure provides" for a board
consisting of three members from each
of the schools namod and that seven
shall be a quorum, so that the' eclec
tics shall have equal representation
and that business cannot be transact
ed without at least one of them being
present.
LICENSING OF DETECTIVES.
Licensing and controlling of detec
tives was the object of another inter
esting bill introduced by McGowan.
It provides that no detective or agency
that advertises shall carry on busi
ness until after payment of a license
of $100 yearly to the State. Its aim is
to discourage the dozens of grafters
who are making a dubious living by
acting as private sleuths and cleanse
the business as far as possible. Reg
ular agencies need pay but $100 a year
if the bill becomes a law. this cover
ing all their employes. Any individual
who hangs out a sign or even hands
around printed cards will be compelled
to procure a license.
McGOwan also introduced the bill
raising the salaries of the San Fran
cisco Superior Judges to $6000 a year.
Beardslee is father of a bill that will
assist the various boards of trade and
chambers of commerce in the State
that are working for the development
of California. It gives to the boards
of supervisors power to levy a tax of
not less than .2 cents nor more than 3
cents on each $100 of assessed valua
tion to aid boards of trade and cham
bers of commerce in their respective
counties that have been in existence
for a year or more and have expended
as much as $3000 a year.
CARE OF FEEBLE MINDED.
Other bills were introduced in the
Assembly this morning as follows:
By Tripp—Appropriating «20,f100 for the
erection of an additional building at the Cali
fornia Home for the Care and Training of
Feeble-Minded Children.
By Stanton —Adding a new section to the
Penal Code making It a misdemeanor to vio
late the rules of the State Board of Health
in regard to the pollution of water.
By Dorsey—Providing for the embankment
of the Kern River.
By Cromwell—Providing for the enforce
ment of the rules of the State Board of Health
within municipalities.
By Gates—Relating to the State Board of
Health and the registration of births, mar
riages and deaths and providing for the com
pensation of a State statistician.
By Houser—Making bigamy punishable by
a fine not exceeding $5000 arid by imprison
ment in the State prison not exceeding fifteen
years.
By Duryea—Making it a misdemeanor to
negligently permit barbed wire to lie unrolled
and loose on the ground.
By Bates—Declaring Saturday noon to 12
o'clock midnight a legal holiday, as far as
thy transaction of legal business Is concerned.
By Dorsey—Providing for the casing of wells
drilled for the production of petroleum and
providing for the filling up of abandoned wells.
as it will stand in the way of fat court
allowances if it becomes a law. The
schedules are contained in the follow
ing portions of the proposed measure:
"Section 1. Section 1618 of the Code
of Civil Procedure is hereby amended
to read as follows:
"Section 1618. When no compensation
is provided by the will! or the excutor
renounces all claim thereto, he must
be allowed commissions upon the
amount of estate accounted for by him
as follows: For the first $1000, at the
rate of 6 per cent; for the next $9000,
at the rate of 4 per cent; for the next
$10,000, at the rate of 3 per cent; for the
next $30,000, at the rate of 2 per cent;
for the next $50,000, at the rate of 1 per
cent, and for all above $100,000, at the
rate of one-half of 1 per cent The
same commissions shall be allowed to
administrators. In all cases such fur
ther allowance may be made as the
court may deem just and reasonable
for any extraordinary service, but the
total amount of such extra allowance
must not exceed one-half the amount
of commissions allowed by this section.
Where the property of the estate is
distributed in kind, and Involves no
labor beyond the custody and distri
bution of the same, the commission
shall be computed on all the estate
above the value of $20,000 at one-half
the rates fixed in this section. Public
administrators shall receive the same
compensation and allowances as are al
lowed In this title to other administra
tors. All contracts between an execu
tor or administrator and an heir, dev
isee, or legatee, for a higher compen
sation than that allowed by this section
shall be void.
"Section 2. A new section is hereby
added to said code, to be known as sec
tion 1619, to read as follows:
"Section 1619. Executors and admin
istrators shall be allowed for fees of
their attorneys for conducting the ordi
nary probate proceedings the same
amounts as are allowed by the last
section as compensation for executors
and administrators for their own serv
ices. In all cases, such further allow
ance may be made as the court may
deem just and reasonable for any ex
traordinary service, such as sales or
mortgages of real estate, contested or
litigated claims against the estate, liti
gation in regard to the property of the
estate, and such other litigation as may
be necessary for the executor or ad
ministrator to prosecute or defend."
Colds Cause Sore Throat.
I Laxative Bromo Quinine, world-wide Cold and
I Grip remedy, removes cause. Call for full name
«od look for signature of E. W. Grove. 86c. • ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1905.
Appointive Power of State's
Chief Executive Is to
Be Curtailed.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 12.—Senators
expect that the Governor's appointive
power will henceforth be limited sole
ly to the initiative, with the referen
dum resting: In the Senate, as it has
always presumably been, but has been
allowed to go by the breach. When the
Republican caucus convened this
morning the Senators marched in with
lowering brows. It was apparent that
something was up, and it soon devel
oped into a practically unanimous de
termination to trim the Governor's
wings and place the men he names for
public office at the mercy of the Sen
ate, which shall have the final word
as to their fitness and capability.
The caucus was no sooner called to
order than a resolution was presented
expressing the sense of the Republican
members of the upper house that any
officials that may be appointed by the
chief executive of the State during the
present session of the Legislature shall
be submitted to the caucus for its con
firmation. It was decided that every
name submitted shall be subjected to
the closest scrutiny, and the owner
thereof must not only be fit to hold
public office in every sense of the word,
but must be entitled to consideration
at the hands of the party, his right to
such consideration being based on his
deeds, not his claims.
EXECUTIVE APPOINTMENTS.
,But, it was pointed out, the Governor
might dc as Governors had done for
time immemorial—wait until the Leg
islature'adjourned and then distribute
his patronage, leaving the confirmation
of his appointees to a Senate commit
tee, the function of which was purely
formal and never intended to question
the wisdom of the Governor's selec
tions. The result was that when the
Senate went into general session Sen
ator Ralston presented a bill having as
its purpose the amendment of the pres
ent Jaw relating to executive appoint
ments, the proposed amendment being
as follows:
Vacancies occurring in office during: the re
cess of the Legislature, tne appointment to
which is vested in the Governor and Senate
and Legislature must be filled by appointment
made by the Governor, and tne person so ap
pointed shall hold office for the full term of
his appointment, provided, however, that in the
ca«e the Senate refuses or fails to confirm such
appointment at the session of the
rext succeeding, said office shall, upon the final
adjournment of the Legislature, become Imme
diately vacant and .the said appointee shall not
be eligib.e to appointment for said vacancy.
Without doubt this bill will be
passed, and from the hands of the
Governor the larger portion of the pat
ronage that heretofore has been sup
posed to be solely his will practically
pass to the Senate. It is a shrewd
move on the part of the Solons, for,
while it is hardly probable that they
will declare any of the Governor's ap
pointees unfit to enjoy a public trust,
it is quite probable that it will lead the
Governor to first discuss with the lead
ers of the upper house the merits of the
claims of the small army that is wait
ing for the favors of the executive.
LOWERING OP LAKE LEVELS.
An important measure was presented
for the consideration of the upper
house by Coggins this morning. It pro
vides for the granting of permission to
the Governor for the lowering of the
"water levels of the Little Klamath,
Rhett, Goose and Clear lakes In Siski
you and Modoc counties, and the plac
ing of the bedß of the same at the dis
posal of the Government to be utilized
In the water storage and reclamation
service.
Senator Woodward Introduced a se
ries of bills calling for appropriations
for the enlargement of the Home for
the Care and Training' of Feeble-
Minded Children at Glen Ellen that, if
passed, will mean much toward assur
ing the increased comfort of the un
fortunates whose minds have been
darkened by unkind fate. The bills
provide for the appropriation of $17,600
for a building for fifty female epilep
tics; $20,000 for a dormitory for thirty
male attendants; $17,500 for a cottage
for female patients; $5000 for new roads
and fences; $8000 for the completion of
the hospital and to erect three cottages
for cripples and paralytics; $66,000 fot
the completion of the main building
| and $6500 for the construction of a res
ervoir to hold 420,000 gallons and tc
purchase fire appartus.
A bill that will interest the members
of Beveral of the women's clubs of the
State Was introduced and referred tc
the committee on fish and game. It
makes it a misdemeanor punishable by
fine or imprisonment, or both, for kill
ing meadow larks at any time of the
year, except when such birds are killed
while destroying berries or fruits. The
i meadow lark is California's singing
bird, ami to protect it from destruc
tion the women of the State have been
most active. It is said, however, that
! the farmers of the State will fight the
| measure, contending that not only dc
I the meadow larks destroy much fruit,
< but that a flock of them can strip a
: grain field cleaner than a million grass
i hoppers.
I ARMS FOR SONS OF VETERANS.
In the form of a resolution presented
!by Senator Savage the initial step to
arm the Sons of Veterans was taken
this morning. The resolution, after set
ting forth that the' National Guard is
' being re-armed with the Krag-Jorgen
! sen rifles, states that the 'old National
■ Guard arm, the Springfield rifle, is
' being stacked awly in the armories
; and is of use to no one. It provides
I that action be taken to secure the re
! lease of these arms from the Govern-
I ment for the use of the Sons of Vet
erans, which in time will become a
valuable third line of defense.
Senator Keane of San Francisco in
troduced a bill to-day that recalled the
great railroad strike that occurred over
a decade ago. It provides for the ap
propriation of $10,000 for the relief of
Lawrence J. Dunnigan, who as a mem
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ber of the National Guard was shot in
the knee and permanently crippled
while engaged in quieting rioters. Sev
eral of the guardsmen that were injured
during the strike have been assisted by
the State and Keane says. Dunnigan
is the only one that has not been cared
for.
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES.
The following other bills were intro
duced in the Senate this morning:
By Wright—Relating to attachments in civil
proceedings and providing what the affidavit
shall contain.
By Selvage—Relating to new trials and ap
peals.
By Belstiaw—Relating to the State Board of
Examiners, the appointment of an assistant
to the board at an annual salary of
?'-ICO, and for clerks to the secretary of the
board at anf annual salary of $1000 each.
By Bauer—Providing for giving notice of tax
sales In certain cases.
By Anderson—Relating to the apportionment
of school funds.
By Hahn—An act to provide for the estab
lishment of municipal plants for lighting the
streets and publlo buildings in cities, cities and
counties and In incorporated towns, and for the
purpose cf furnishing electricity and gas to
the Inhabitants.
By Coggins—Appropriating $12,000 for the
purchase and Installment of a heating plant
for the use of the State Normal School at
Chi CO.
By Pendleton—Relating to embezzlement and
falsification of accounts by public officers.
By Hahn—Relating to examination of per
sons by physicians upon order of court in dam
age suits.
By Mattos—Relating to public lands upon
which payment has not been made:
DEMOCRATS TO AID THE PRESIDENT
Continued From Page 1. Column 1.
there are rates which a court would de
cide to be too high, and that either
class of rates may be equally disas
trous to communities. He expresses
the. opinion that Federal supervision
of railroads is necessary, but adds that
regulation and protection should go to
gether. He says that one of the fol
lowing three things is sure to take
place in the conduct of our railways:
First—Legalization of pools — the
right of the railroads to make enforcl
ble contracts between themselves as
to a division of earnings, so that they
can resist the temptations of big ship
pers and be assured a fair share of the
business moving at stable rates which
shall apply alike to all patrons.
Second—The further Unification of
ownership, thereby delivering in time
the er.llre railway ownership of the
country into the hands of a few in
dividuals or one syndicate.
Third—Government ownership, the
worst of the three "evils," if such they
may be called.
In the opinion of Morton, government
ownership of our railroads would be the
beginning of industrial and political
chaos. He rather favors the first prop
osition, with adequate provision to as
sure the rates being reasonable.
As to pending rates, he favors the
continuance of the Interstate Com
merce Commission in substantially its
present form.
The following statement in opposi
tion to tariff revision is being signed by
members of the House from the Rocky
Mountain and Pacific Coast States:
The Rocky Mountain and Pacific Coast Btates
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TOD CoatS Worth As High As $7.50 for $3.35
, —4 — g
v » Midst all these clearance sale an-
nouncements which you see in the
papers, remember it is the reputation WKZ^^m,
ifjjffl behind the store making the offer that yfmf^W
stamps the sale as genuine.
■ \\^W' "• •. ' For this reason the mother who
\' ;a /Jjk comes here for one of these overcoats
* will find that the garments are reduced "
garments are worth now just what they J : . \
But she has recourse in money
our store a bulwark of confidence.
sizes'were sold out in each line we took
aH «| all the garments and put one price on Hww
«■ lH tnem to clear them out at once. Ages ma Igm
■' SMchfd from Lifw.
740 Market Street
SHIPPING BILL
BEFORE SENATE
Measure Drawn Up by the
Investigating Commission
Is Reported Favorably
BAILEY OPENS ATTACK
Raises Point That Marine
Board Had Been Committed
to Discriminating Duties
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.—The legis
lative, executive and Judicial approp
riation bill was read to-day at length
in the Senate and there was consider
able discssion of the civil service ques
tion and the provision for an investi
gation of foreign trade conditions by
the Department of Commerce and La
bor.
I The bill for the merchant marine was
j reported to the Senate and Bailey of
Texas made the point that the com
j mission had been pledged to report in
I favor of discriminating duties and not
|in favor of ship subsidies. The sug
j gestion was combated by Senators
Gailinger and Lodge, who were mem
bers of the commission.
The bill, as reported by the commis
sion had been amended In only one
important particular by the Commerce
commitee. An Increased mall subven
tion was authorized for the proposed
; new route from a port on the Pacific
; Coast to Hawaii, Japan, China and
' the Philippines. For a monthly serv
ice the subvention was increased from
$300,000 to $400,000, and for a fortnight
ly service from $600,000 to $800,000.
Members of the committee feared that
the subvention proposed by the com
mission was insufficient to attract bid
ders for the contract.
Civil Service Examinations.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.—The Civil
Service.Commissioner has announced
that the spring examination for de
partmental service will be held as fol
lows in Cali*ornia: San Francisco,
March 15 and April 8, 10 and 19; at
Eureka, March 22; Fresno, March 15
and 24 and April 19; Los Angeles,
March 15 and 22 and April 19; Marys
ville, March 15 and April 19: Redding,
M&rch 31; Sacramento, March 27;
San Diego, March 22; Santa Barbar?,
March ,
Protection for Game.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12. — The
House Committee on Public Lands has
authorized a favorable report on a bill
authorizing'the President to designate
such areas in the public forest reserves
as in his opinion should be set aside
for the protection of the game ani
mals, birds and fish and be recognized
as a breeding place for such birds.
Army Orders.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.—8y order
of the War Department Sergeant
Charles H. Campbell will be sent to
Benicia Barracks for duty with the
sif*ial corps, Company L.
+ +
are overwhelmingly opposed to the agitation
for tariff revision and we, the undersigned
members of the House of Representatives, rep
resenting the States set opposite our respective
natr«s are not In favor oi calling an extra
session of the Fifty-ninth Congress for the
purpose of revising the tariff, and we believe
that the agitation of this question at this time
is neither necessary nor desirable.
The Republican members of the
Massachusetts delegation in the House
met to-day and adopted resolutions
favoring tariff revision.
JUDGE SWAYNE
NOT FRIENDLESS
Littlefleld of Maine Cham
pions the Cause of the
Florida Federal Jurist
TAKES LAMAR TO TASK
Congressman Who Filed the
Charges Accused of In
citing Act of Violence
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.—The House
of Representatives to-day devoted its
entire session to the discussion of im
peachment charges against Judge
Charles Swayne of the Northern Dis
trict of Florida. A dramatic incident
occurred when Littlefleld of Maine
called upon Lamar of Florida, who filed
the charges against the Judge, to admit
or repudiate an alleged interview,
which the former claimed tended to in
cite the people* to commit an act of vio
lence against Judge Swayne. Lamar
admitted having given an interview,
but emphatically denied any suggestion
from him that could be construed into
advising assassination or murder. He
said that, although Judge Swayne was
known to be the most lawless man in
Florida he had remained secure from
bodily harm,
Lamar declared that, while he did not
think Littlefleld Intentionally charged
him with inciting murder, Littlefleld
certainly had almost blindly misappre
hended what really was said. If, said
Lamar, any one used his language in
the interview to impute that he sug
gested violence to Judge Swayne he
would denounce it as a malicious false
hood.
"The gentleman's denunciation dis
turbs nobody," replied Littlefleld, who
added that, unfortunately for Lamar,
the ordinary citizen of the United
States would so construe It, "and It is
for that reason the language does great
violence to the character of the distin
guished gentleman from Florida."
POSTAL INSPECTORS.
Postmaster General Wynne Issues an
Important Order.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12. —Postmas-
ter General Wynne has issued an order
transferring the entire corps of post
office inspectors from the jurisdiction
of the Fourth Assistant Postmaster
General and placing them imme
diately under the Postmaster General.
Fourth Assistant Postmaster Gen
eral Bristow, who is strenuously op
posed to\the transfer, has given defin
ite expression to his opposition and
made efforts to avert the transfer.
Army Paymaster Dismissed.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.—The
•President has approved the sentence
of a general court-martial dismissing
Harry L. Rees, paymaster in the
army, from the service. He was tried
at Vancouver Barracks, Wash., on
charges of making false reports, em
bezzlement and conduct unbecoming
an officer and gentleman.
Distinguished Service List for Army.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.—The Sen
ate Committee on Military Affairs to
day ordered a favorable report on
Senator Proctor's bill authorizing the
President to reward army officers for
distinguished service by creating
grades on the active list known as the
"distinguished service list."
POLITICS BACK
OF SMOOT CASE
Witnesses Say Crusade Is
Not Directly Against the
Practice of Polygamy
SIMPLY AFTER VOTES
Idaho Democratic Leaders
Accused of Having Sacri
ficed Candidate Parker
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12— Nearly the
entire day in the Smoot investigation
was devoted to testimony relating to
political conditions in ( Idaho. Frank
Martin and F. H. Holzheimer, promi
nent Idaho Democrats, testified that a
majority of the Democrats of the State
opposed "an unnecessary attack" on
the Mormon church, which, they said,
was the effect of the anti-polygamy
plank of the party's State platform.
James H. Brady, chairman of the Re
publican State Committee, charged
that ths Democrats traded off Judge
Parker, the Democratic candidate for
President, for former Senator Heitfeld,
the Democratic candidate for Gover
nor.
Frank Martin, who is an attorney of
Boise, Idaho, said he never had known
of any instance of Mdrmon interfer
ence with the politics of Idaho. He
had heard it charged that Mormon in
fluence had defeated former Governor
Morrison for renomination, but he be
lieved 80 per cent of the people did not
credit the charge. The witness ex
pressed the opinion that it was an an
nouncement by Senator Dubois that he
intended to push the Smoot investiga
tion that provoked the Mormon con
troversy of the last campaign.
Martin, on the conclusion of his testi
mony, volunteered the statement that
personally he favored prosecuting those
who continued polygamous cohabita
tion, but the majority of Gentiles be
lieved the best way was to "let the old
fellows die off." '
James H. Brady of Pocatello, Idaho,
chairman of the Republican State Com
mittee, said the last campaign was not
fairly started before it developed that
the Democrats were not fighting poly
gamy, but Mormonism. Senator Du
bois, he said, tried to turn all Mor
mon votes into the Republican col
umn, and Chairman of the Republican
Committee Witt tried to get all the
votes he could by circulating copies
of Senator Dubois' letter to former
Governor McConnell to the effect that
all Mormons were criminals.
The witness said he was Satisfied
that Judge Parker, the Democratic
candidate for President, was sacrificed
by the Democrats wherever it was pos
sible to get a vote for Heitfeld, the
Democratic candidate for Governor.
Taft to Visit Philippines.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12.—1f the
business of the War Department will
justify it Secretary Taft will make an
official visit of Inspection to the Phil
ippine Islands during the corning
summer. Unless it becomes necessary
to change his plans the Secretary will
start from San Francisco for Manila
early in July.
Conference on Philippine Bill.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.—The
House Committee on Insular Affairs
to-day directed Chairman Cooper to
recommend to the House that it non
concur in the Senate amendments to
the Philippine bill and ask for a con
ference.BEE TAYLOR'S
NEW SENSATION
Discharges Her Attorney in
Court, and Demands That
She Be Given a Hearing
DENOOTC ES WITNESSES
Says Their Evidence Is Per
jured and Slanders Mem
ory of Her Dead Uncle
Bee Taylor, In Judge Troutt's court
yesterday, gave a sample of her facil
ity in ,-xpressing her own opinions,
like unto that which caused her to
achieve national notoriety and lose a
government position in Washington by
a published criticism of the adminis
tration's Filipino policy. In the mat
ter of a few moments of time she
rep-j 'lated her attorney, demanded a
hearing In her own behalf, criticized
the court, voiced her disregard of rules
of judicial procedure, and branded the
witnesses on the other side of her case
as perjurers and slanderers of the dead.
The incident was as dramatic as it
was unexpected. Miss Taylor is execu
trix of the will of her late uncle, J. D.
Taylor, and is defending a contest in
stituted by Lizzie Taylor Mcßride, a
sister of the deceased, who was not in
cluded in the list of beneficiaries. The
hearing, as far as the attorneys on both
sides were concerned, was concluded at
noon, and Colonel Barry, who repre
sents Miss Taylor, and I*. T. Wagner,
nrtorney for Mrs. Mcßride, were dis
cussing with the court as to when they
should file their briefs. When the Judge
announced that the case should be sub
mitted Miss Taylor rushed to Colonel
Barry's side and asked him to call her
as a witness. The lawyer made a nega
tive gesture and the woman stepped up
to the railing, faced the court and
cried: "Your Honor, 1 demand a hear
ing in my own behalf."
"How?" asked Judge Troutt.
"On the witness stand, I want to
testify to a conversation I had with
some of these witnesses when they told
me something directly opposite to what
they said here." By this time Miss
Taylor had reached the front of the
Judge's desk and was much excited.
DISCHARGES BARRY.
"But you are too late, madame, the
case has been submitted," said the
Judge,'' but Miss Taylor became more
insistent. "Who is your attorney?"
asked the court.
"Colonel Barry is, if he will represent
me; if he won't I will be my own at
torney," she said.
. Judge Troutt asked Colonel Barry
whether he wanted his client to testi
fy, and the lawyer answered "no,"
whereupon Miss Taylor shouted: "Then
1 discharge him. I have no attorney.
1 notify you now that I have no at
torney and I demand the right to be
in my own behalf."
Xoticing her fixedness of purpose,
* !• rk Kennedy half arose from his seat
wuh the intention of removing Miss
Taylor from her position, but Judge
Truutl bade him refrain and, for the
purpose of hearing her complaint in a
more regular way, invited her to take
the witness stand. Mere she declined to
take the customary oath, but "af
firmed" tr t her testimony would be
the truth.
Colonel Barry thereupon proceeded to
ion her along the lines she had
indicated and the third query brought
to the matter of an alleged conversa
tion she had with Mrs. Talbott, keeper
of the lodging-house where Taylor
died. Attorney Wagner objected to the
evidence, as the conversation had taken
.place after the death of the testator.
Judge Troutt sustained the objection.
Miss Taylor became angry. She rose
from her chair and said, "I have a
i ii, r ht to be heard and to show how this
woman has slandered my dead. She
told me the very opposite of what she
testified to." Judge Troutt said her
attorney had prepared the case and
tried it elaborately and advised her to
consult him.
WILL NOT BE STIFLED.
"I desire to be my own attorney,"
said the woman, doggedly. "There Is no
power In the United States to stifle a
witness who wants to show in her own
behalf that another witness has per
jured herself. I have no counsel, and
no court In Christendom can say that I
have not the right to appear for my
self; I have discharged him and will'
not have him imposed upon me.
"I have been threatened that this will
would be broken if I did not do certain
things," said Miss Taylor. "I can show
what influenced this woman to perjure
herself."
The Judge admonished her to reflect
a little, and she said the more she re
flected the more she saw it was her
conscience and her duty not to let her
' dead be slandered."
."Your spirit is admirable, madame."
said the court, and she retorted: "in
other remarks from this bench, in the
trial of a claim against this estate,
you showed your disapprobation of my
conduct."
The Judge replied that he would de
cide matters according to law and jus
tice, and if remarks were necessary he
reserved the right to make them in his
own way, but he was sorry that he had
caused her any annoyance.
Then the case went over until 2
o'clock, and when the parties reap
peared Colonel Barry said that he was
obliged to remain in the case' until he
was replaced In the only way possible—
by the regular substitution of another
attorney, and if one was not substitut
' d. to maintain his standing at the bar,
he \v ould argue the case he had present
ed, find he asked the court not to let his
client's conduct prejudice her rights.
Mish Taylor insisted that she had a
kind filing for her attorney, but that
she had been taken by surprise, and as
• xecutrix demanded the right to pro
duce other witnesses to rebut "the per
jured creatures who said my uncle was
an imbecile."
Judge Troutt closed the incident by
continuing the hearing until next
Thursday.
Lodge and Crane Choice of Caucus.
Boston, 'an. States
Senators Henry Cabot Lodge and W.
Murray Crane were unanimously
nominated to represent Massachusetts
again at a caucus of the Republican
members of the Legislature to-day.
MURDER AT STATE ASYLUM
IS BEING PROBED IN COURT.
Judicial Investigation Is Begun
Into Death of a Patient.
PROSECUTING OFFICER, ATTORNEY FOR THE DEFENDANTS AND NAPA
MAGISTRATE WHO IS CONDUCTING AN INVESTIGATION INTO THE AL
LEGED KILLING OF A PATIENT AT STATE ASYLUM BY TWO ATTENDANTS.
NAPA, Jan. 12.—The preliminary
examination of attendants T. D. Shan
ahan and Oscar Retzman of the Napa
State Hospital, accused of killing
patient Joseph R. Louis at the State
Hospital last Christmas day was com
menced this morning before Justice
McKnight. A large number of specta
tors, many of them acquaintances of
the defendants, were present in court.
Shanahan having been an attendenat
for more thn three years and Retz
man for one year.
District Attorney Benjamin appeared
for the prosecution. Attorneys F. E.
Johnston and L. E. Johnston conduct
ed the case for the defendants. Dr.
F. W. Hatch, general superintendent
of the State Hospital and president of
the State Lunacy Commission, was
present and is manifesting an inter
est in the prosecution of the case.
County Surveyor O. H. Buckman
identified a map which he had made,
showing the halls, rooms and doors of
the ward where Louis met his death.
NIGHT-AND-DAY
BANK ASSURED
Site Is Purchased for
the Proposed Financial
Concern in New York
Special Diipatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.—With the ac
quisition of a site at the southeast
corner of Fifth avenue and Forty
fourth street, a district of fashionable
restaurants and hotels, the first r.ight
and-day bank is to be established.
Delmonico'g and Sherry's will be its
neighbors.
All preliminaries were settled to-day
at a meeting of the directors and with
in a few months the new institution
will be established in a commodious
building to be devoted entirely to its
uses. In conection with the bank there
will operate a night and day safe de
posit company. Its aim is to provide
means by which its depositors may
have the use of their funds at any
hour out of the twenty-four. Those
who wish sums of money in an emer
gency will find the night and day bank
useful, for there will always be a
cashier at its paying window.
The idea was suggested by the ex
periences of several men who, although
they had large sums of money In down
town banks, were unable to get money
for an emergency. Heretofore all night
banking business has been done by
restaurants and hotels and it was
necessarily limited.
For the accommodation of those who
attend the opera the safety deposit de
partment of the bank was primarily
organized. Women returning from the
opera or other places of amusement
may leave their jewels in the vaults of
the company before returning home.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dr. F. H. Stice, assistant physician of
the institution, testified that he was
in B. ward at 7 o'clock on the night of
December 25, that Louis was lying on
the floor dead, that he had no cloth
ing on though shortly before his death
he was wearing his trousers and shirt.
The sheet on the bed had a large blood
stain on it at that time. When Stice
returned to the ward at 10:30 o'clock
that night the sheet was wet the blood
stain having been washed out.
Harvey Grigsby testified that he was
in B. ward on the afternoon of Decem
ber 25, that he saw a fierce struggle
between Shanahan, Retzman and
Louis, that the attendants got the
patient down one holding him at the
head, the other at feet. Cross-exam-
ination by F. E. Johnston brought out
the fact that Grigsby did not see the
defendants jump on Louis though the
testimony of Dr. Stice showed that
nearly every one of Louis' ribs was
broken before his death. Court then
adjourned till Friday morning when
the hearing will be resumed.
MISS FITZHUGH
SUES BRUGUIERE
Leading Woman of "Baron
ess Fiddlesticks" Company
Seeks Return of Money
♦
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.—Emlle Bru
guiere, an erstwhile resident of San
Francisco, but more recently engaged
In theatrical ventures in New York, is
having trouble with his ill-starred
"The Baroness Fiddlesticks." The
peculiar feature of "The Baroness Fid
dlesticks' " experiences were brought
to light to-day through a series of liti
gations begun against Brugiere. Ac
cording to affidavits filed Bruguiere
compelled his star, Miss Anna Fitz
hugh, to contribute to "The Baroness' "
support.
Miss Fltzhugh now seeks to recover
her money as well as her salary. She
had played in "The Wizard of Oz" and
had attracted attention through her
good looks, when she received an offer
to become a prima donna at $200 a
week. She rehearsed for some time
and then, she says, she was called upon
to advance $5000 to the management.
When "The Baroness" was brought to
the Casino, Miss Fltzhugh declares,
Bruguiere announced that she would
have to put up 16000 if she wished to
remain a star in New York, but after
ward he reduced his figure to }2500.
Miss Fitzhugh alleges that she was
compelled to pledge her jewels.
Heber Mac Donald. one of the man
agers of the company, tells this story
in an affidavit:
"On September 26 or 27, at the Hotel
Astor. at luncheon, Mr. Bruguiere de
manded that I furnish more money as
my contribution. He suggested that I
get Miss Fltzhugh to pawn some of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. JANUARY 13. 1905.
McKEES SAIL
FOR EUROPE
Secrecy Which Characterized
the Bride's Home-Coming
Attends Their Departure
*
WEDDING A SURPRISE
Parents Not Informed of
the Plan Until a Few
Hours Before the Ceremony
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.—Mr. and
! Mrs. A. Hart McKee, who were mar
' ried In Philadelphia on Wednesday.
| sailed to-day for Europe on the Tou
j raine. Their departure was attended
jby the same secrecy which character
ized the bride's return from Europe.
The couple returned to this city to
day and went at once to the French
line pier. When the Touralne sailed
there was only one of McKee's friends
on the pier.
Most of the mystery concerning
Mrs. Tevis' movements since she re
turned to the United States remains
unsolved. As a matter of fact, not
even the parents of young McKee
knew that, the attractive Denver wid-
I ow was in this country until Wednes
day morning.
The first suspicion that Mr. and
Mrs. Sellers McKee had of her pres
-1 ence here was when Hart McKee told
j his mother on Wednesday morning he
J wished that she and his father would
j take a run over to Philadelphia with
{ him. The party boarded an early
1 train and on arriving in Philadelphia
' went to the Aldine Hotel. Hart left
j his parents, saying he would return in
jan hour. He did so and then told
i them that Mrs. Tevis was at the Ho
i tel Walton and that he wished they
' would call there with him.
Mrs. Tevis, radiant as usual, met
them with the announcement that she
and Hart had decided to get married.
"It is better, I think," said Mrs.
Tevis, "to have it over now. There is
no impediment to our marriage, now
| that Hart's divorce has been granted.
' One of the things that has prompted
;me to hasten my marriage is that I
i wish to show the world that even in
t the face of the stories published about
; Hart's cruelty to his former wife I
still have perfect faith in him."
j While the subject was being talked
I over Colonel Baxter, Mrs. Tevis'
father, who had come on from Knox
! ville. Term., to take his son to school
jat Newport, had stopped over in Phil
! adelphia. All agreed that Mrs. Tev
j is' suggestion was a good one and a
j clergyman was sent for. Even after
i the ceremony the bride did not take
j her parents into her confidence con
-1 cerning how she happened to be m
j Philadelphia when she was supposed
|to be in France.
Before sailing Hart McKee said he
i and his bride were going at once to
j Mintone, where Mrs. McKee has a
' villa. They will return to New York
next fall.
j PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 12.—"I'm
; heartily sorry that I was the clergy
i man selected to perform the mar
riage," said Rev. E. Yates Hill, pastor
lof the First Presbyterian Church, In
j explaining his part in the secret cere
! mony that united A. Hart McKee and
i Mrs. Tevis. Not until this morning
j did the clergyman learn their identity.
The Triplet Boys.
Freddie, Eddie and Teddie get an
unexpected bath. In next Sunday's
Comic Section.
SEVERAL PERSONS INJURED
AT FIRE IN BOSTON SUBURB
Conflagration iv Center of the City
of Chelsea Causes a Loss
Of $200,000.
CHELSEA, Mass., Jan. 12.—Henry
Griggey, a fireman, is at the hospital
in a dangerous condition, several
others were more or less hurt by
smoke and falling glass and a loss of
$200,000 was caused by a fire that
raged for more than three hours in
the center of this city to-day before it
was controlled by the united efforts of
the Chelsea, Everett and Boston Are
departments. The Academy of Music
block, a four-story brick building on
Broadway, was ruined and the Hotel
Savoy, adjoining, was badly damaged.
The Park Hotel, near by, was threat
ened, but was not injured.
HEAD OP IOWA LETTER
CARRIERS LOSES PLACE
Removal Due to Activity in Securing
Passage of Laws Concerning
Postal Employes.
DES MOINES, Iowa, Jan. 12.—G.
H. Clark of Wadena, Iowa, secretary
and treasurer and general organizer of
the Iowa State Letters Carriers' Asso
ciation, has been removed from his
position as carrier by the First Assist
ant Postmaster General. Clark has
been active in urging the passage of
laws Increasing the salaries of the car
riers.
*
her Jewelry and to advance us some
money. I spoke to Miss Fltzhugh and
as a result she handed to me a diamond
and pearl necklace which, she stated,
was worth $12,000, and which could be
pawned In order to advance money for
the enterprise. I took the necklace to
the Hotel Astor and met Mr. and Mrs.
Brugulere at luncheon. * • • He asked
me to take It to a pawnbroker, which
I did, getting $2000, which I handed to
Mr. Bruguiere.
"Mr. Bruguiere on a certain day sent
Mr. Sheldon up to her house to get
some stuff, which was delivered to him.
In the lot were a gold belt and various
diamond stick pins, valued at between
$5000 and $8000. Mr. Bruguiere, when I
called, had this stuff on his desk and
he personally sent It out to be pawned."
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Large Box of
BUTTER BRITTLE.
A Delicious Confection,
Made by
THEOPOLD MORRIS & CO.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
CAINE SUFFERS
FROM INSOMNIA
j English Author Compelled
to Go to Switzerland to
Rest His Overtaxed Brain
j RENOWN IS INCREASING
House That Coleridge Spent
His Last Years In to Make
Way for Modern Building
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Jan. 12.—Hall Calne's;
I state of health has been causing his
friends a good deal of uneasiness of
I late. He has not been himself for a ■
| year or more, and it may be remem- '
j bered that when "The Prodigal Son" j
j was only half written its author broke '
| down and had to go to St. Moritz to j
finish the work. He stayed there sev
eral months, and when he returned to
the Isle of Man recently it was hoped
that he could keep going for quite a
while, but evidently the task of seeing I
his latest novel through the press and
the part he took in the discussion that '
I followed Its publication were too much ;
j for Hall Calne. For several weeks he
baa suffered from acute insomnia, and i
jon Saturday last left for Switzerland, |
j where his physician has ordered him to ;
j make a lengthy stay.
Meanwhile his renown Is increasing— i
|on this side of the water, at least—at a
■ rate which must make his keen rival,
: Miss Corelll, rather jealous. The other
1 day the Rev. R. J. Campbell, the
| brainy young successor of Dr. Joseph
! Parker at the City Temple, declared in I
a public address that he preferred the i
i Manxman's best work to that of George
; Meredith, and during Christmas week :
j another incident was recorded which :
{ testified, in a way, to the potency of
j the name of Came. This was the sale,
to a fashionable butcher, of a bullock |
I bred on the novelist's model farm tn I
! the Isle of Man for $242 60, or $2 50
j more than was paid recently for a slm- j
liar beast reared by the King.
After several years .of literary work
in London Morley Roberts, who wrote
"Rachel Marr," has followed the ex- ,
ample of so many of his confreres and i
taken a country house where he means \
to do most of his writing in future. ;
Tappington Grange, as it is called, Is
near Wadsworth and may be said, In a
way, to have literary associations al
ready, having belonged up to now to
Bit George Barham, one of the family
of which the author of "The Ingolsby
Legends" was a member.
LITERARY LANDMARK.
One of the most interesting of
don's literary landmarks is now threat
ened with destruction —this being the
house In Highgate, Hampstead, where
Samuel Taylor Coleridge spent his last
years and where he was visited, at dif
ferent times, 'by Carlyle, Leigh Hunt,
Wordsworth, Charles Lamb and Robert
Southey. The house, which It is now
intended to replace with a modern
building, is No. 3 in the Grove, Hamp- j
stead, and formerly belonged to Dr.
James Gilman. This physician was the
devoted friend of Coleridge. He threw
! open his doors to the author of "The ,
j Ancient Mariner" when he was suffer
| ing most horribly from the effects of
[ his prolonged indulgence In opium, and
j for eighteen years safeguarded him
J from his dangerous habit. Of his con- |
i dition at that time Coleridge wrote: j
"The degradation, the blighted utility, |
i almost overwhelm me." However,
while in Hampstead he got back much
of his power and produced some of his
finest prose—the "Aids to Reflection,"
the two "Lay Sermons" and the essay
"On the Constitution of Church and
State."
The visits of his great literary con
freres to his home in "The Grove" were
especially delightful to Coleridge.
"He sat," wrote Carlyle, "looking
down on London and its smoke-tumult
like a sage escaped from the inanity of
life's battle, attracting toward him the
thoughts of innumerable brave souls
still engaged there —heavy-laden, high
aspiring and surely much-suffering,
man."
Coleridge died at The Grove in July,
1834, and he lies in the yard of the old ;
chapel at Highgate, now the crypt ot
the new Grammar School Chapel.
The governing body of that square !
mile of London known as the "city" ;
Is chiefly devoted to keeping alive an
cient traditions and customs, and main
taining intact at its civic functions
that most sacred of things, the order
of precedence. This fact lends particu
lar appropriateness to the subject of
the new fresco by Edwin A. Abbey in
the courtyard of the Royal Exchange
which was unveiled the other day with i
much ceremony. It represents a I
memorable Incident in the history of
the Merchant Taylors' and Skinners'
companies.
Between these two ancient guilds
there was much Jealousy and rivalry, j
which often threatened to develop Into' j
riot and bloodshed as to which of them '
was entitled to march before the other
in processions within the City of Lon
don. Titled folk whose inherited re
nown constitutes their sole claim to
distinction occasionally still quarrel bit
terly even nowadays over the same
question of precedence.
AN ENGLISH SOLOMON.
The two companies in 1484 submitted
their quarrel to the decision of the
Lord Mayor of that year, Sir Robert '
Billesden. and he for the "norlshing
of peas (peace) and love betweene the
Masters, Wardeyns and Feoiashipps
aforesaid," rendered this judgment:
"That the Masters and Wardens
should dine each year together at their
respective halls, the Taylors with the j
Skinners on the Vigil of Corppis ,
Christl, and the Skinners with the Tay- i
lors on the Feast of the Nativity of St. |
John Baptist; and as to precedency, !
each company was to have that on each j
alternate year, save that a Mayor of i
either should give that company pre- 1
cedence in his year of office."
The decree has been faithfully ob- j
served ever since and unbroken "peas
and love" have reigned between the I
two "Feoiashipps."
The fresco, the thirteenth of the !
series, reveals all the superb decorative
effect for which Abbey is famous. At
the foot of the chair of state of the
Lord Mayor the two masters are de
picted pledging one another in a loving
cup.. Behind them is a gallery filled
with ladies; in the left foreground is a
herald In a tabard of the arms of the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Full Dress Suits
at a Clearance Sale for
* 12.85
These full dress suits have been # sold
out in some sizes. While we have every
size from 34 to 42, in some of the mate
rials there is not a full range of sizes. This
is why the sale price is so low.
The former prices were
and $30.00. The materials are un
finished worsteds, crepes and granites—
soft and smooth finished materials, all silk
lined. We expect to clear all the garments
out now to make room in our glass cases
for the incoming spring stock Hence the
sale price is $12.85.
Prince Alberts, $12.85~~]
We also have some Prince Alberts which
have been sold out in some sizes. Taking
the remaining line as a whole we can fit
any man from 34 to 42 chest measure. The
materials are black and gray clay worsteds
and black unfinished worsteds; some are
silk faced, others havd plain facing.
The former prices were $20.00, $22. Jo,
and $30.00. The price we have
placed on them —$12.85 —ought to sell
every garment to-morrow.
740 Market* Street
two companies, bearing- a gilded tablet
inscribed with the toast which for the
last 420 years has been drunk by the
two companies when they dine to
gether, "Merchant Taylors and Skin
ners, Skinners and Taylors, Root and
Branch, and may they continue and
flourish forever."
"lan Maclaren," author of "The Bon
nie Briar Bush," gave a lecture on
"Kindness in Fiction," at Liverpool,
the other day, in which he protested
against the inhumanity of the novel of
to-day. ,
"The note of kindness is conspicu
ously absent from modern fiction," said
Dr. Watson. "In what are accounted
the best writers of to-day, you will be
struck rather by a want of sympathy."
Such writers, the lecturer went on,
took the life of the East End, and drew
it with remarkable accuracy of detail
and considerable power of description.
But they did not touch it with a gentle
hand. They treated the life of mean
streets and mean people much as an
anatomist treated a body on the dis
secting table.
"Or," Dr. Watson proceeded, "such
writers take the life of society, and
before the reader puts the book down he
is left with the idea, probably erron
eous, that in what is called society
there is hardly one man who is honor
able, or one, woman who is chaste."
"lan Maclaren" expressed the opin
ion that the three writers of English
fiction who will most likely remain the
greatest— Thackeray, Scott and Dlck
-1 ens—are marked by the same note of
humanity.
Death of Woman Novelist.
VIENNA, Jan. 12.—Mme. Emily de
Laszowski-Gerard, novelist and liter
ary critic, is dead, aged 56 years. Her
husband, Chevalier Misciales de Las
zowskl, who was a lieutenant general
in the Austrian army, died five weeks
ago.
A Good Knife.
a r=vA Great
£ VvValue
I carry a large assortment of
nigh grade cutlery in a number of
the best European and American
makes.
BUY A GOOD RAZOR—one that you
can depend on to cut the beard smoothly
and can easily keep In condition. I hava
such razors as low as QQ
GIUjETTE SAFETY RAZOR requires
no stropping nor honing; a JtRJ AA
nne Instrument <p>«JaV»Vr
STAR SAFETY RAZOR, regular price
$2; my price now $>1»25
Mall Orders Promptly Filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer,
1 1008 MARKET ST., opp. Fifth, S. F.,
34
FRUIT CANNERS SEEKING A
STATE ORGANIZATION.
Representatives of Great Industry Will Try
to Co-operate on Lines Adopted in East.
An attempt to form an association to
include all the fruit and vegetable can
ning concerns of California will be made
to-day The canneries concerned have
an annual output amounting in value
to $10,000,000. They are situated in all
parts of the State. In certain direc
tions they have interests In common.
To get the benefit of organization a
LEADING MOVERS IN THE PENDING ATTEMPT TO BRING INTO LINE ALL
THE FRIIT AND VEGETABLE CANNING INTERESTS OF THE STATE FOR
MUTUAL PROTECTION AND TRADE ADVANCEMENT.
preliminary meeting was held yester
day in the rooms of the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce. A committee
v.as appointed to prepare a plan to be
submitted for consideration at a
meeting to be held at the same place
this afternoon. This committee con
tests of R. L Beptley, Walter M. Field.
C. L. Tilden, Mansfield Lovell, E. E.
Chase, F. F. Stetson and L. F. Graham.
The members ure all identified with
large canning concerns of the State.
_AD VLKl'isK-MtMS.
CATARRH OF THE STOMACH.
A Pleasant, Simple, but Safe and Ef
fectual Cure for It.
Catarrh of the stomach has long
been considered the next thing to in
curable. The usual symptoms are a
full or bloating sensation after eating,
accompanied sometimes with sour or
watery risings, a formation of gases,
causing pressure on the heart and
lungs and difficult breathing, head*
aches, fickle appetite, nervousness and
a general played out, languid feeling.
There is often a foul taste in the
mouth, coated tongue and if the in
terior of the stomach could be seen it
would show a slimy, inflamed condition.
The cure for this common and ob
stinate trouble is found in a treatment
which causes the food to be readily,
thoroughly digested before it has time
to ferment and irritate the delicate
mucous surfaces of the stomach. To
secure a prompt and healthy digestion
is the one necessary thing to do and
when normal digestion is secured the
catarrhal condition will have disap
peared.
According to Dr. Harlanson the safest
and best treatment Is to use after each
meal a tablet, composed of Diastase,
Aseptic Pepsin, a little Nux, Golden
Seal and fruit acids. These tablets can
now be found at all drug stores under
the name of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab
lets and not being a patent medicine
can be used with perfect safety and
assurance that healthy appetite and
thorough digestion will follow their
regular use after meals.
Mr. R. S. Workman, Chicago, Ills.,
writes: "Catarrh Is a local condition
resulting from a neglected cold in the
head, whereby the lining membrane of
the nose becomes inflamed and the
poisonous discharge therefrom passing
backward into the throat reaches the
stomach, this producing catarrh of the
stomach. Medical authorities pre
scribed for me for three years for
catarrh of stomach without cure, but
to-day I am the happiest of men after
using only one box of Stuart's Dys
pepsia Tablets. I can not find appro
priate words to express my good feel
ing. I have found flesh, appetite and
sound rest from their use."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets Is the
safest preparation as well as the
simplest and most convenient remedy
for any form of indigestion, catarrh
of stomach, biliousness, sour stomach,
heartburn and bloating after meals.
CASTOR! A
for Infants and Children.
Tkt Khd You Have Always Bought
Signature of
Stetson comes from Los Angeles; the
others are from the counties north of
Tehachapi.
The movement -to have an organiza
tion of the California fruit and vege
table canners originated with Walter
M. Field of Los Gatos, who sent out
invitations that resulted in bringing
together three score representative
business men yesterday in this city to
counsel. Mr. Field was at the meet
ing/and presented a hint for a form
of organization such as he had in mind.
Canners' organizations exist In East
ern States and hold annual conven
tions, in which the interests of Califor
nia are not represented In the least.
One of these organizations is in New
HTork. Its plan was explained by Mr.
Field to the California canners. The
basis of the New York organization
was acceptable for this State, he said,
and he read a section of the plan, which
1c as follows:
The object of this association shall be to
foster the Interests of th-> canned goods pack
ers of the State of New York; to protect them
from unjust and unlawful exactions; to reform
abuses in trade; to diffuse accurate and reli
able information among the members regarding
the standing of merchants and other matters:
to produce uniformity and certainty In tbe
customs and usages of trade; to promote a
more friendly intercourse between packers; to
encourage legislation looking to the protection
and fostering of the packing Interests of the
State and to consummate any other results
which shall tend to euard. maintain and pub
lish the high reputation attained by the can
ning Industry in this State in the packing of
wholesome foods.
This was submitted to the committee
on organization at a meeting last even
ing and was discussed preparatory to
reaching a report to go to the canners
: to-day.
It was supposed when the canners
met that they would be able to get
; through with their business yesterday,
\ but they had a dinner at the Hotel St.
Francis. This was followed by a the
ater party at the Columbia, and so a
; second day was needed.
L. F. Graham presided and was the
temporary chairman at the initial pro
: ceedings. and Howard C. Rowley, ed
\ itor of the California Fruit Grower,
: was secretary.
The situation was brought out with
\ some clearness in papers submitted to
the meeting. «
R. I. Bentley discussed pure food and
; pure food laws, and said that an in
justice is done by food commissioners,
who allege that borax and boracic acid
are used by California packers in put
ting up fruit and vegetables. The story
is untrue, but there is no need of public
' disavowal. Food manufacturers are
j placed too much at the mercy of chem
ists who may be hostile,
i "It should be the purpose of all deal
ers In or manufacturers of food pro
-1 ducts, individually and collectively,"
said Mr. Bentley. "to use their influ
j ence to the end that, while the move
! ment to protect the public health must
not be opposed or retarded, in the en
: actment of pure food laws and the reg
j ulations which shall control pure food
j commissions our rights shall not be lost
sight of."
Mansfield Lovell spoke of contracts
and buyers' labels.
George H. Root of Los Gatos spoke
about transportation and criticised the
new bill of lading that has been adopt-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1905.
Ed by Eaßtern railways and tne increase
In the carload minimum on this coast
from 30,000 to 40,000 pounds. He said
that the free distribution of California
canned goods in the East would be lim
ited by these measures, and that the
East would be correspondingly bene
fited at the expense of this State.
Isidor Jacobs, president of the Califor
nia Canneries Company, discussed sup
ply and demand as related to California
canned goods. He said in part:
The trend of the time Is to bring about a
much wider distribution, resulting in a much
greater demand for our canned fruits, both
domestic and foreign. They must be placed
closer to the consuming public. In such a way
that the consuming public generally may be
come aware that they are getting quality pur
chased. The business, so far as quality Is
concerned, must be brought back to old lines,
■o that every can bearing the name "Califor
nia" must be either flrst-class goods which
will be a credit to the name California, or
the cheaper grades. If they have the name
California on them at all, should have a desig
nation of grade so the consumer may know
what he is getting. In this way can we again
make the name California distinctive and In
dividual in connection with California's canned
fruits to the benefit of our State. Then, In
stead of the supply b-Mng regulated by f the
demand, the demand will be regulated by the
supply, and prosperity and wealth will be the
lot of the California fruit canner.
The deliberations will be resumed at
3 p. m. to-day.
Johnny Smart, Who Does Stunts.
He is willing to experience any and
all chances to please Miss Jolly. In
next Sunday's Comic Section, f
Renders Old Irish Melodies.
A piano recital of old Irish melodies
was given last night at Btelnway Hall
by Miss Mary,Carrick, to a fair-sized
and appreciative audience. Many of
the numbers rendered by Miss Car
rick were warmly applauded. The
programme follows: "Come Back to
Erin" (Kuhe), "The Minstrel Boy"
(Pape), "Believe Me if All Those En
dearing Young Charms" (Pape),
"Love's Young Dream" (Pape), "The
Last Rose of Summer" (Thalberg-
Cunneen), for the left hand alone;
"Fantasie on Irish Airs" (Kuhe), "The
Harp That Opce Through Tara's
Halls" (Pape\ "Kathleen Mavour
neen" (Kuhe), "Home, Sweet Home"
(Thalberg).
Archbishop to Name Pastor.
The conference to determine who
shall be chosen to succeed the late
Rev. Father Michael King as pastor
of the Church of the Immaculate Con
ception, Oakland, was held yesterday
afternoon, and the names of those who
are eligible to appointment by Arch
bishop Riordan were carefully consid
ered. No appointee has at yet been
determined upon, as the conference Is
in its preliminary stages. Father
King, who had served faithfully his
church for so many years, died on the
12th of last December.
PLEADS QUILTY TO BURGLARY.—Ed
ward Vincent pleaded guilty In Judge Cook's
court yesterday to a? charge of burglary, and
will be sentenced to-morrow. On November
14 he entered the room of Loy Kee, a Chinese,
at 39 Brenham place, and stole his trousers,
which contained f7. He was chased and cap
tured on Kearny street by Sergeant Ellis.
Three prior convictions against him were not
pressed.
. . . 1 ■
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Large Box of
BUTTER BRITTLE.
A Delicious Confection,
Made oy
THEOPOLD MORRIS * CO.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday CalL
See Small Ad Page for Farther
Particulars.
WYMAN TRIAL
NEARING CLOSE
Case of the Accused Ballot-
Box Stuffer Will Go to
Jury Before End of Week
INTIMATES MORE FRAUD
District Attorney Byington
Bouses the Indignation
of Defendant's Counsel
A pertinent question put by District i
Attorney Byington to W. J. Foster
broke the monotony of the Wyman
trial yesterday evening. "Did not
Charles Wyman write the name of S.
H. Mann on the precinct roster and im
mediately after it write the name of ,
George Adler?"
In an instant the defendant's attor
ney exclaimed, "Your Honor, I think
the conduct of the District Attorney is
unpardonable. I move that the jury be
Instructed to disregard the question."
The motion was granted.
"Did you not know that A. Steffin
voted twice?" asked Byington.
Again Attorney Countryman was on
his feet. "I had a better opinion of the
District Attorney," he remarked.
Byington insisted that the question
was asked to test the credibility of the
witness, but the court ordered the jury
to disregard the question.
AH of the witnesses for the defense
have been heard but two, Frank J.
Symmes, president of the Merchants'
Association, and Thomas Atkinson, As- I
semblyman for the Thirty-ninth Dis
trict. The latter is at Sacramento, but
it is promised that Symmes will be on
hand this morning.
William T. Mulcahy, formerly an
employe of the Department of Elec
tricity, through the influence of Frank
Maestretti, gave testimony that flatly
contradicted Fairfax Wheelan. Mul
cahy swore that he saw Wyman near
the Almshouse at 4:15 p. m. on the day
of the primary election.
Under rapid-fire cross-examination by
the District Attorney, William H. Podd.
one of the election officers in the Seven
ty-third Primary Precinct of the Thir
ty-ninth District, contradicted himself
several times and at the end lapsed
into a state of forgetfulness. First he
said that he saw Wyman write his
name in the place where S. H. Mann's
name stood. Then he swore that he
did not see Wyman write. *
"Did you understand the question
asked by Attorney Countryman?"
asked Byington.
"Not thoroughly," replied Podd.
"Well, then, I ask you where did Wy
man write his name. Do you under-
Stand that?" asked Countryman.
"1 can't answer," replied Podd.
Edgar Hornbeck testified that he had
driven to the Almshouse with Mulcahy,
who left him shortly before Wyman is
alleged to have been seen in the vicin
ity. Both Hornbeck and Mulcahy de
nied that they went to the Almshouse
to do politics,
W. J. Foster produced a diagram of
the booth where Wyman is alleged to
have cast the fraudulent vote. He de
nied that E. S. Wheelan, son of the
chief witness against the defendant,
was in the booth for any length of time.
Foster declared that all but voters
were excluded.
Foster said that when he returned to
the booAh after eating his dinner a row
was in\>rogress. On being asked what
the cause was he said: "Oh, some of
the crowd wanted a democrat to vote
Republican, so I cleared them all out."
He could not say that the election of- i
fleers were not trying to persuade the
voter. "Maybe it was Fairfax Wheel
an," he added sarcastically. "He went
at It madly early In the morning."
A number of witnesses appeared at
the morning session. Frank "Tod" Mc-
Donald declared that he did not threat
en Special Policeman Joseph Doyle
with, a view of preventing him from
testifying against Wyman. He did not
■ay to Doyle, "If you give evidence;
against Wyman we will make it ap-!
pear that you told him to vote the
name of S. H. Mann."
McDonald maintains that Doyle had
been circulating stories that he (Mc-
Donald) had voted seven times at the
primaries, McDonald said he had
threatened Doyle that he would make j
trouble for him on this account only.
Wyman's wife and his father were on !
the stand in the morning. The case j
will be taken up again at 9:30 o'clock
to-day. Judge Lawlor asked at the I
close of last night's session regarding l
the time which the attorneys would re- '
quire for argument. It is expected that j
the case will go to the Jury before the
end of the week.
McGANN'S GUNSHOT WOUNDS
HAVE FATAL TERMINATION
Body Is Removed to the Morgue *nd j
Harry Smith Is Charged
With Murder.
Joseph McCann, who was shot by I
Harry Smith at Taylor and Eddy
streets on Wednesday afternoon, died
at the Central Emergency Hospital |
yesterday. Smith was charged with j
murder. McCann's body was removed
to the Morgue.
Fred Smith, brother of Harry, was
taken by Detective Ryan to police
headquarters yesterday afternoon and
qpestioned by Captain Burnett. He
detailed his meeting with McCann in i
the corner grocery and McCann's vile j
abuse of Smith's mother. Fred left i
and told Harry what McCann had said
and Harry went to look for McCann.
He denied that he either saw Harry
put a revolver In his pocket or knew
that he had one. He did not attack
McCann because McCann was too big
and strong for him. After hearing 14s j
statement he was allowed to go.
Butchers Give Annual Dinner.
The Butchers' Board of Trade gave
its annual dinner and entertainment at'
B'nai B'rith Hall last night. Over 300 |
member* of the organization were ,
present. Among those who took part
in the programme were: Joseph Hayes, j
W. W. Brackett, Arthur Fletcher,
Harry Douglas, James Davis, Maurice
Kramer, Sousa's Potrero Band, the
Krelling brothers, Fred Grlfnng. Fred
Becker, Arthur Biesling and Fred Ast.
THIEF AT THE ST. FRANCIS.—George
Shogren, who is employed at the St. Francis
Hotel, reported to the police yesterday that a
silver watch valued at $10 had been stolen
from his locker. It was there at 6 o'clock on
Wednesday morning, but was missing at 11
o'clock.
ADAMS IS ALSO
TO BE ACCUSED
Grand Jury's Dragnet Will
Take Registrar in With
Election Commissioners
PROSECUTOR IS SOUGHT
F. J. Heney and H. U. Brand
enstein Decline Big Work
the Jurors Have Planned
«
The Grand Jury will present several
indictments to Judge Lawlor this aft
ernoon at 2 o'clock. It is expected that
District Attorney Byington will have
the accusations ready to be filed
against the Election Commissioners
and Registrar George P. Adams,
charging them with misconduct in the
appointment of election officers for the
primaries held in August last. Indict
ments are also expected in the Eppln
ger grain frauds cases.
The investigation of Registrar
Adams' connection with the alleged ir
regularities in appointment of primary
boards was not taken up by the former
Grand Jury, which returned accusa
tions against the Commissioners that
were subsequently squashed in court.
The v present inquisitorial body has
aimed its efforts at Adams particularly,
and it is thought the charge against
him will also be in shape for presenta
tion to-day.
Foreman Andrews and his colleagues
appear to be very much in earnest.
They are now seeking a special prose
cutor for the cases under investigation
involving public officials. Francis J.
Heney, who is attracting attention by
his vigorous prosecution of the land
frauds for the Federal Government,
has been asked to take hold of the work
the Grand Jury has in mind. But he
replied that his time was occupied with
the land cases and that he could not
give a helping hand.
The next appeal was made to Super
visor H. U. Brandenstein. It was pro
posed to him that he resign from the
Board of Supervisors and assume the
role of special prosecutor. It was
urged upon him that the opportunity
to gain distinction and honor such as
Joseph W. Folk has done in Missouri
was within his grasp, and furthermore
that the Grand Jury was In a position
to reward him fairly well in a financial
way out of its contingent fund. But
Brandenstein declined, and Foreman
Andrews and associates are yet on a
still hunt for a lawyer to give rein
forcement to the District Attorney.
CALIFORNIANS REGISTER
AT NOTED EASTERN SCHOOL
Catalogue of Massachusetts Institute
of Technology Contains Names of
Several Western Students.
BOSTON, Jan. 12. —The new cata
logue of the Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, the most noted techni
cal school In the East, shows the fol
lowing California men registered
the first year classes:
Harry Rice Putnam Jr., Pasadena, regular
course; Harry Develln, San Francisco, archi
tecture; Garnett Alfred Josihi, Los Angeles,
regular course; Frederick Charles Lebenbaum,
San Francisco, architecture; Milton Luhstein,
San Francisco, architecture; Edward L. May
berry. Long R.:uch, architecture; Louis Fran
cisco Mesmer, Los Angeles, civil engineer;
Frank Habley Muchmorc, San Francisco, ar
chitecture; Simon Wlllard Sparry, Sausalito,
mechanical engineer.
MEXICANS FLEE BEFORE
AN ARMY OF BLACK ANTS
Poisonous Insects Attack Human Be
ings and Brutes and Destroy
Growing Crops.
CITY OF MEXICO. Jan. 12.—From
the state of Campeche comes the news
that a great army of black ants Is
marching over the Champoton district
of that state and that the Inhabitants
are fleeing before them. The insects
are known as "pirinolas" and their
poison is deadly. They are destroying
the growing crops and a number of
human beings and scores of. animals
are reported to have fallen victims to
their bites.
Portions of the Champoton district,
which lies along the Gulf of Cam
peche, have been entirely deserted and
work of all kinds throughout the en
tire district has been suspended.
Quality, Variety, Low Prices
The store on the Square caters to your every want at absolutely low prices.
Your credit is good. "Nuf ced."
' stanc^ weaves r ° m
is; Regal Range lhr9|
j |1 1 Hasmore pointsof excellence S^^^j^^^lß
tured. Full sheet flue, nick H %
em a mfi Ffi rft4 u d . jm7 Im trimmed. Consumes one- DRESSER — Birdseve
ENAMELED BED--Hedvy up- nalf tne coa , of th , ordinary maple Wood selected
rights, ur-ce.uiiy curvea range. Every part guaran- for its beautiful grains,
filling. Angle iron end teed. Terms: Shaped top. Bevel plate
pr i d ce slde .".'!■ 55.75 $1.00 down and $1.00 a week I mi -. Price $16,50
1 3
BOLD BANDITS
ROB A HOTEL
Two Masked Men Hold Up
Proprietor and Bartender
and Afterward Loot Safe
THUGS ARE WELL ARMED
Daring Crime Is Committed
< in Business Center of the
Thriving Town of Keswick
REDDING, Jan. 12.—1n one of the
most daring holdups that has occurred
in this vicinity in many months, two
men robbed the Hotel Keswick early
this morning of $1677 in cash and $600
in checks. There is no clew to the Iden
tity of the robbers.
The Hotel Keswick is in the center
of the town of Keswick, five miles
from here. Two men of the same
height, one stout and the other thin,
both masked with pieces of a knit un
dershirt, one carrying a rifle, and the
other a revolver, entered the rear door
of the hotel saloon about 1 o'clock this
morning. J. T. Mayfield was bshind
the bar. Just as the robbers ordered
him to throw up his hands the rifle in
the hands of one of the robbers was
accidentally discharged.
J. N. Stephenson, the landlord had
Just left the office which adjoins the
barroom, to retire for the night when
he heard the rifle shot, and hurried
back only to confront the robbers.
Stephenson did not believe the robbers
were in earnest and had to be ordered
three times to hold up his hands be
fore he complied. The robbers then
took $37 from the cash register of the
saloon and searched the two men tak
ing a gold watch from each of them.
They then demanded the keys to the
safe. They had taken them from
Stephenson when they searched him
but they did not know the keys.
Stephenson told them the keys were in
his room upstairs. One of the rob
bers then started to march him to his
room after the keys. Stephenson had
hoped to overpower him when they
were in the room, but the bandit seem
ed to divine the landlord's purpose for
when the bedroom dodr was reached
he said "Oh I guess we'll try those
keys we took from you," and marched
Stephenson downstairs again. The
keys opened the safe from which was
taken $600 in checks, $140 in gold be
londing to Landlord Stephenson and
$1500 belonging to lodgers who had
money on deposit in the hotel safe.
The robbers also took all the docu
ments the safe contained. Then the
thugs marched the two men out the
front door and down the main street
of the town nearly to the smelter, then
through a barbed wire fence over the
hills to the Clara mine and half way
to Keswick station. There the men
were released after Stephenson had
asked for and received his watch.
A. C. Young, night watchman at the
Holt and Gregg lime kilns, near Ken
nett, was held up Tuesday night, and
he now believes that a rifle taken from
him was the one used at the sensa
tional holdup at the Hotel Keswick.
Young was sitting inside his cabin
Tuesday evening when he heard a noise
that attracted him to the outside.
When he turned, to re-enter the cabin
he found himself facing his own rifle
in the hands of a masked highwayman,
who had stopped in after he had step
ped out. Young handed over all the
coin he had, amounting to $5. Then
the highwayman walked away with
the rifle that ho had appropriated. As
the two men who held up and robbed
the Hotel Keswick carried one rifle, the
officers believe the weapon may be the
one stolen from Young.
LIGHTNING INJURES NINE
PERSONS IN PROCESSION
Altar of Church Is Shattered and
Edifice Set on Fire by
Bolt.
GUAYAQUIL, Jan. 12.—While a
procession was entering the Catholic
Church at Cayamha, near Quito, a
thunder-storm broke and the altar
was struck by lightning, setting fire to
the church. A priest and eight other
persons were mortally wounded. Two
persons were kijled by lightning dur
ing the same storm.
STARTS FIGHT
AGAINST ADAMS
Ex-Governor Peabody of Col
orado Begins Contest for
the Chair of His Successor
NOTIFIES LEGISLATURE
Charges That Defeat Was
Accomplished by Means of
Extensive Frauds at Polls
•
| DENVER, Jan. 12.—Notice of former
Governor James H. Peabody's contest
against Governor Alva Adams for the
j office of Governor of Colorado was filed
j with the Legislature to-day. The com
-1 plaint sets forth the allegation that the
j plurality of 9774 votes for Adams on
I the face of the returns as finally can
j vassed was obtained by means of a
' conspiracy in Denver and several other
) counties. The Legislature is petitioned
! to open the ballot boxes from a number
of precincts in Denver, Adams, Las
Animaß, Boulder and Conejos counties.
It is alleged the frauds in these pre
cincts were so extensive and varied
that It would be impossible to segre
gate the true from the false ballots and
the Legislature is asked to discard
these precincts altogether.
The Senate by a party rote seated
James B. Dick In place of Senator Rob
ert M. Born. Dick was unseated by the
Democratic majority during the contest
over the election of United States Sena
tor two years ago. The Senate mem
bership is now twenty Republicans and
thirteen Democrats, with two vacan
cies.
Senator Born refused to glvs up his
seat and was forcibly ejected by the
sergeant-at-arms.
Senator Daniel Healy, who was seat
ed two years ago in place of Jesse F.
McDonald, now Lieutenant Governor,
was also expelled by a vote of 18 to 15,
the same as in Born's case.
In a statement on the floor of the
Senate Healy declared an attempt had
been made to bribe him. He said that
Saturday during the Joint session he
was called into a private room and was
told that if he would vote for the con
firmation of Judge Goddard he need
have no fear of being unseated.
Fifteen informations charging crimes
under the election laws have been filed
by District Attorney Stidges.
John LAihoff and James Walsh,
Democratic clerks of election who
served in Precinct 5, Ward 4, at the
November election, were to-day acquit
ted of the charge of violating the Su
preme Court injunctive writ. The two
Democratic Judges, James Rowan and
James Mumford, and Policeman
Eugene Cummings were directed to ap
pear in court on Saturday when their
fate will be made known. The report
of the expert showed that seventy-six
Democratic and thirteen Republican
ballots of a total of 284 cast In this
precinct were written by the same per
son.
HAWLEY'S SUCCESSOR.
Bnlkeley Will Represent Connecticut
In United States Senate.
HARTFORD, Conn., Jan. 12.—For
mer Governor Morgan G. Bulkeley
was to-day chosen as the nominee of
the Republicans of the Connecticut
General Assembly for United States
Senator to succeed Joseph R. Hawley,
who will retire from public life on ac
count of ill health. Bulkeley on the
first ballot received 154 of the 244
votes cast. His nearest competitor,
Samuel Fessenden of Stamford, had
73; Congressman E. J. Hill 9, and
former Governor George P. McLean
8. The nomination was made unani
mous.
Telephone Operators After Coffey.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 12.—An indig
nation 1 meeting is called for to-morrow
evening, to be held in Elks' Hall, by
employes of the department stores and
telephone offices of Sacramento to pro
test against the expressions of Chief of
Police Coffey, who In his official report
to the City Trustees declared that "de
partment stores and telephone offices
are kindergartens of vice for young
girls." Resolutions will be adopted de
nouncing Coffey's sweeping charge as
false and'cruel and demanding his re
moval from office.HOWELL CARADOC REES
SPENDS NIGHT IN JAIL
Arrest Follows a Threat to
. Kill an Old Friend.
ECCENTRIC NEW YORKER WHOSE PECULIAR ACTIONS SINCE HIS ARRIVAL
IN THIS CITY HAVE FINALLY RESULTED IN LANDING HIM IN THE
CITY PRISON ON A CHARGE OF THREATS AGAINST LIFE.
Howell Caradoc Rees, member of sev
eral of New York's prominent clubs
and a man who has traveled extensive
ly over the globe, spent last night in
the City Prison, charged with having
made threats against the life of a
former friend and clubmate, R. M. Gig
noux. Yesterday afternoon Gignoux,
who recently arrived from New York
and is engaged in the real estate busi
ness in the Crossley building, got a
warrant for Rees' arrest. Rees was
taken into custody by Detectives Braig
and Silver at the Clarendon Hotel, on
Post street, a few hours later.
Rees since his arrival here several
weeks ago has been cutting a lively
pace. His eccentricities became so no
ticeable that he was soon a subject of
common gossip about the hotels, and
it is said by Gignoux that, realizing
that Rees was in need of proper atten
tion, he advised the father of the young
You Know
That if you have fainting, smothering,
weak and hungry spells; If you have
shortness of breath When walking or go
ing upstairs: If your heart is irregular,
flutters or palpitates; if you have pains
around the hi-art. in side and under
shoulders, cannot sleep on left side; have
'difficulty in breathing when lying down,
! that you are suffering from heart trou
• bles. and that it is liable at any minute
' to prove fatal.
Then don't delay. Commence at once
-to take
Dr. Miles'
New Heart Cure
This famous heart and blood tonic will
cure you If taken in time.
The time i 3 when you notice any of
• the above symptoms.
"I am glad I was persuaded to try
' Dr. Miles' Heart Cure. I suffered great
ly from shortness of breath, palpitation,
smothering spells and pain around heart.
. I took « bottles and was Entirely cured.
This was two years ago, and I have had
no symptoms since."—JOHN K. TODD,
• M.. Unlopolis, Ohio.
The first bottle will benefit, if not. the
druggist will return your money.
.» MERCHANT TAILORS, g
V> REMOVED TO s>
| 112 Sutter Street. |
SAN PRANCISCO. X
P Novel Lies in, ImporLed Wear.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUARANTEED CUBE FOB MEN.
HAE.MXESS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
casts in a few days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. NO OTHER TREATMENT
REQUIRED. Prevents and Cures Stric
tures. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
P. 8. EELLT'B PHARMACY, 102 Eddy.
C frays. Remember the Full .Name
axative gromo Qranme
Carta • Cold in One Day, Criptet 2 Days
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
833 MARKET ST., OPP. MASON.
Special prices on Guitars for 10 days.
man in New York. Apparently Howell
Rees learned of Gignoux's act, for
about ten days ago the latter received
a threatening message from Rees, and
this was later followed by further
threats. At that time Rees was stay
ing at the Palace, where one afternoon
he rushed into the office loudly an
nouncing that he was on his way to
Gignoux's apartment at the Princeton
with the intention of ending the career
of his former friend.
According to Gignoux, a few days ago
Rees sent him a letter In which he
wrote: "If you will meet me and fight
I will fill you full of holes. I will drive
you out of the city." Rees followed
this threat up by visiting Gignoux's of
fice yesterday and announcing his in
tention of killing its occupant, adding
that he had procured the services of
two men from Arizona to do the job if
he failed to accomplish it himself. Be
lieving that it was about time to dis
courage his acquaintance in his blood
thirsty plans,- Gignoux visited Judge
Mogan's court arid swore to a warrant
for Rees' arrest.
Rees has been in trouble ever since
he reached San Francisco, three weeks
ago. He was for several days a guest
at the Palace, where he and a Chinese
"personal attendant," as he was In the
habit of calling his valet, were objects
of daily comment. The New Yorker,
'although possessed of an abundant
wardrobe and seemingly determined to
have the best of everything that the
city could afford, lacked the funds to
carry him along on his rapid career.
He finally got into trouble with the
management of the Palace over his ac
count and moved to the St. Francis,
where a week's visit terminated five
days ago by his being locked out of
his rooms. He then went to the Clar
endon Hotel.
For several days Rees' Mongolian
servant has been a daily visitor at the
St. Francis and Palace, diligently
searching for his temporary master.
Tsen Cheung shares with the hotel
managers their longing for a settle
ment with the man now in jail, for it
is said by the Chinese that Rees is in
debted to him to the extent of $52. The
daily pursuit of his master over the
hard-paved streets and hotel corridors
is noticeably telling on Cheung's con
stitution and thinning him down. He is
still loyal, however, and after Rees' ar
rest yesterday the servant busied him
self carrying notes to acquaintances of
the prisoner, who sought the $500 cash
bail to insure him his .liberty. It was
not forthcoming, however.
To-day Rees' wealthy father in the
East will be advised of his son's trou
ble, and it is expected that he will find
a way of obtaining the young man's
release. A cousin of the young rhan,
Banker Roberts of San Bernardino,
vouched for Rees' account at the Pal
ace, but later declined to honor drafts.
Whether he will assist his relative out
6f his latest, trouble will be determined
to-day.
STRANGE ACTIONB Of LOUIB KNOX.—A
man giving the name of Louis Knox was
brought to the detention ward at the Central
Emergency Hospital yesterday by Policeman
Walsh. Knox went to the ticket office at the
ferry for a ticket to Bosten. When asked for
money he became abusive and created a scena
rio will be examined for insanity.
BERLIN, /an. 12.—The Government Rail
way management, as a precaution against coal
exhaustion, in the event of a prolonged strike,
Is diverting coal destined/for private companies
to the Government yards.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1905.
CZAR STILL
SWAYED BY
WAR PARTY
Russian Government Seems j
About to Commit Itself j
to Policy That Precludes j
Hope of Early Peace j
•
RULER VACILIATES j
BETWEEN ADVISERS j
. j
• j
Is Not Ready to Give i
Wltte Full Power, Though ]
Refusing to Accept the j
Resignation of Mirsky j
1
BT. PETERSBURG, Jan. 12.—The ! j
Government seemingly is about to : j
; make the irrevocable decision that pres- i '
tige abroad and the situation at home
necessitate the continuance of the war j
till peace with dignity is possible. Be- ;
yond this point, however, no confirma
tion exists, especially regarding the im
mediate development of the internal I
situation.
Emperor Nicholas is still apparently
vacillating as to whether he shall
allow Wltte full sway, in the meantime
' declining to permit Prince Sviatopolk- |
Mirsky to retire. The latter persists '
!in the view that the confidence of the
I people in the manner in which the re-
I form manifesto is to be worked out is j
vital and that this is impossible if the
work is to be left completely in the :
hands of the bureaucrats. Direct con- E
sulfation with representatives of the
cleans interested he considers essen-
I tial.
| It has now been definitely established |
! that the third section of the manifesto ,
>[ as it was originally drafted by Minister ;
Svlatopolk-Mirsky provided for repre- ;
; sentation of the Zemstvos in the Coun
-1 cil of the Empire, and that it was
stricken out against his earnest protest, j
" Prince Svlatopolk-Mirsky's retire- ,
; ment from th« Ministry of the Interior \
j continues to be considered as only a
j matter of a short time, although there
la seeming evidence that the Emperor '
! hopes by temporizing to avoid the '.
j necessity of concentrating the reins of
j power in the hands of Witte. Should a
real storm break, however, no one '.
j doubts that Witte is the one strong
, man in sight who can be called to the i
; bridge.
EXPECTS A NAVAL BATTLE.
Russian Admiral Believes He Will Be
' Attacked In Indian Ocean.
LONDON, Jan. 12. —According to
the Daily Mall's Port Louis corre- ;
spondent. Rear Admiral Voelkersam,
commanding the second division of the |
Russian second Pacific squadron, has
stated that he expected to be attacked
by the Japanese In the Indian Ocean.
He thought that the Baltic squadron
•would call at Maho, in the Seychelles ;
group.
The Russian tugboat Russ, accord- ;
ing to the same correspondent, on Jan- ;
vary 4 made an enormous purchase of j
provisions at Tamatave. *It is reported
that the Russ has a double crew of |
Russians and Germans. According to
the correspondent the vessel is some
times Russian and sometimes German
and the sailors in turn become crew j
and passengers.
PORT ARTHUR'S BOOTY.
More Than Five Hundred Guns In
cluded In Captured Property.
TOKIO, Jan. 12.—The following re
port from General Nogi, giving details
ol the Russian property at Port Ar
thur, which has been transferred to
the Japanese, has been received:
Permanent forts and fortiflewiioiia, G9.
Guns —Large caliber, 54; medium caliber,
149; small caliber. 343; total, 646.
Shells, 82,670; torpedoes, 60; explosives, 1588 :
pieces; powder, 30,000 bushels.
Bines, 35,252; pistols, 579; swords, 1881.
Ammunition for small arms. 2,266,800 rounds.
Ammunition wagons, 290; train carts, 606;
miscellaneous; carts, 65; saddlery, harness,
etc.
Searchlights, 14; telegraph apparatus, 16;
telephones, 134; signaling apparatus. 8.
Horses, 1920.
Four battleships, not Including the Sevasto
pol; two cruisers, fourteen gunboats and tor
pedo boat destroyers, ten steamers, eight
launches, twelve miscellaneous craft, and also
private 'steamers. The foregoing were sunk
or otherwise destroyed. Besides these there i
are thirty-five small steamers, which will be
serviceable after slight repairs.
PRISONERS TREATED KINDLY.
Russian Officers Allowed the Freedom
of Japanese Town.
NAGASAKI. Jan. 12.—The steam
ships Kaga and Sunukl have arrived
here with 16*00 Russian prisoners of
war and fifty officers. All the pris
oners have been quartered at Inasa,
a village near by, where has been pre
pared a lodge for General Stoessel,
who will arrive next Saturday. The
Russian officers are allowed much lib
erty within the bounds of the town,
but they are under police escort.
General Stoessel and staff will sail
from here for Europe on a French
mail steamship January 16.
The Russian prisoners are unfeign
edly pleased at the end of the hard
ships of the siege and the considerate
treatment accorded by their victors.
BRITISH TRADE SUFFERS.
Japan Displacing King Edward's Em
pire in Chinese Business.
PARIS, Jan. 12.—The Foreign Of
fice has received a dispatch from
Shanghai announcing that China has
canceled the concession of a leading
British firm for building the railroad
from Swatow to Chaochou and has re
granted the concession to a Japanese
company. This is taken as indicative
of unexpected Japanese inroads upon
British business and influence in
China.
Russian Colonel Wants Peace.
LONDONL Jan. 12.—The Daily
Mail's corrlspodent at Tokio, gives a
report of a remarkable speech made
by the Russian Colonel Haljakoff at
Inasa. The colonel declared that such
a welcome as he and his fellow pris
oners of war received from the enemy
was entirely unexpected. He felt as
if he had returned to his own coun
try. He said he trusted hostilities
THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM.
We have added to the great I
Stock Adjusting Swle
mackett. Carhart & Go ~™£r~
Sack Suits ht^lO^^tlZ^
Other clothing sales sink into insignificance beside this one. Hackett, m.v coat*, $14.50
Carhart & Co. clothing is never sacrificed; but by giving these big values now in *«-s° ch-.*™ $14.50
men's and young men's fine suits we secure an advertisement that will be last- g chevict mi Mixm* walking skin*, $3.50
ing. We are building for the future, familiarizing you with the high class of *«. 5 ° $5.00
clothing we sell in this new and totally different men's store.
Every suit offered at these cut prices is new this season. None have been jo whste Eumine $55 00
on our counters more than three months. Styles are up-to-date and not a poor <J7>so cioth m, $35.00
one in the big lot you have to choose from. We sell this famous clothing regu- f 4 e.00 Pretty Mi*»* wt, $25.00
hrly for less than the makers ask for it in their three Broadway stores in New #57.50 walking &*, $25
York. From our regular low prices we make the big reductions told of below. $4%. 50 Long Fitted coats**, $25.00
If you get in on this sale your actual savings over New York prices will be $5.00 **<> Hm-tome $25,00
to $10.00 a suit. Metis Department, just inside the door. S $10 83
*». 75 for Men's Suits Young Men's Suits $W. 75 fso wb te $35 00
(Hackett, Carhart & Co.) (Hackett, Carhart & Co.) #40 white Evening co«, $25.00
that have been $22.50, $20.00, that have been $17.50, $15.00 and "s ™~ S4MO
$17.50 and some $15.00—Enough some $12.50—A chance for small men, % s 7 °^\^ 33
styles to please men of all ages and a ll sizes 16 to 20, or up to 36-inch chest. * 7 . 5 0mw $4.85
tistes. Made up in the thoroughly de- The new Harvard suits that please par- *i9s° Mimre to™* co.t», $4.88
peTidable manner that characterizes ticular youths; over twenty different 155 Chiffon Evening Gown, $35.00
Hackett, Carhart & Co. s suits; all sizes sty les to select from. Small or slender $e s Cfq* * chin* Gown, $42.50
from 34 to 44, including sizes for both men can c fitted perfectly in these *4».sooepe*echmeGown, $25.00
slim and stout men. youths' suits and save the difference in $60 ch, mp ,gne Evening c~t, $35.00
First comer, will get the pick Th ere .re only 450 . f h , Yqu haye nevep m %M Flannelette
of these iuus HI told. Ihe thing 11 to be prompt if _ # <mrmm^ v ***"" w _ _
you want to get this season', genuine 4 ~ 0 *w m seen anything to compare Might Robes 9Sg
Hackett, Carhart & Co.'. .uhs for #<9 with them at the sale price #«# Qnly a limited Quan tity of these ex-
Hackett, Carhart & Co. label on every suit—none genuine without. cellent flannelette night gowns for
; women, good quality, in pink and
Boys' Suits at Wholesale Prices l llke^Z\mLT^
* m- - * ■ «• a .c+ z i fancy wash braids and cut wide
4 Manufacturer's Samples ami Surplus Slock and full in tne skirt . a regular $1 . 25
Here are two good lots of boys' suits just received from a leading maker of garment, go on sale this morning,
juvenile apparel. We buy many thousands of dollars' worth from him each year, while quantities last, at. . BSo
and when he has a snap like this naturally we get it, and we pass them on to you Other Offerings
at the regular wholesale price and even less for some of the suits and top coats. f or j n j s Sale
2-Piece Suits—Worth $3.50 and $4.00, Boys' Top Coats and Peter Thomson Reefers Only a brief summary of the stock
fancy mixtures and black cheviots; —Regularly $5.00 new 1905 styles, adjusting sales items can be given in
also a few sample suits in 2 and 3 the top coat like father's and the reef- each advertisement. Remember that
piece styles; sizes 6to 16 fl ers with emblem on sleeves and gilt hTSa
years; your choice now...**™**!* buttons; Sizes 2>£ to 10 years; JUSt home are participating in these, the
Novel Svits— Worth $5.00, for boy. 2%t0 8 years, of these and a bargain that caps the greatest January sales ever planned
:a ncy mixture; also quite a lot of .plendid 2-piecc climax at by T he Emporium, and even if the
suits »nd double-breasted Norfolk svits, with Knicker- Boys' New Gol! Shirts—Regular 50c kinds, 40 dozen article you want is not advertised
becker pant.. There are aiso fancy mixtures, and of them just in from a first-class maker, good we more than likely have it on
there are some blue and black serges and cheviots; Madras in the newest effects, separate cuffs; special sale.
»izes 6to 16 year.; »U marked at . 4*o EZM% sizes 12 to 14 neckbands, each .... 39c -m m _ amw
9nWm9U Boys' 20c Suspenders, now 14c &&§&s i O-ÜBy
Boys' Blovscs-The famous -Mother's Friend" make, Boys; £1.25 M ,WOO, Sweaty now 750 £ Buttßi*
fine Madras in pretty coloring.; me. for °°y s *^ uo t0 - 4 uu BaTtl K(TDes * * W''B° _
jto it coc and 75c kinds.... a#OC Juvenile Department, Second Floor. Fresh Churned Creamery Butter—
'3 1 3 j Onr u.uai extra choice quality, full size
Burt & Packard Men's SOo and 75C
"Horrect Shape" $4.00 «. .mcti^fre.h, to d. 7 .»ds.mr-
Fine Shoes for Men "OSe 330 a.,. dox.„ 30c
Mow $2.80 This is the best value in men's hosiery ' '
<p We offer several hundred pairs w £j presented this season. 75C 5 -ib b«x B7e
of this famous make of shoes U,s « 200 d °fen lot of imported socks » 0 ' .. . 3 80
U t \r\ natonr rnlt comprising silk embroidered lisle with silk Sago or Tapioca —5 afOO
ft** ° m f J Patent coil clocks, printed gauze lisle, silk plated lisle, Hesperian Tomatoes—Extra .tandard, 2
leather and Burro p | ated j aC guard and plain black real Maco can. 15c
Jap" in 12 Styles. We cotton; not a pair in the lot worth less than fihtrardeilt Cocoa— Tin 200
—=r"t_e_i_'._Llfl |- iave n ot all Sizes in 50c; many of them 75c values; the 00/» Mince Meat—Armour', best, pkg. .Jo
every style, but we have all sizes in the stock adjusting sale price, pair .. ■ Swiss Ementhal .^ c
various Styles, and I Descriptive Songs I afci 1 Jesse' Moore A A Whisky *. '. . 810
can fit any normal With Colored f JL * Apricot Brandy— Bone 75©
foot with these $4' Pictures f f" Jt JJLLfff Maraschino Cherries- Q - bottle.. soo
rhnac t 4 char,ntn S free enter- AT M I MSIIS W%SW / WWMJ^ t RocK and D ye _good quality, specia ..
ai tainment m Attraction cautornias uirgcst- M * P ■
O/I Hall, second floor, daily, ' ' v ' 1' 00
ijfe&s m&%3 from 10:30 a. m. "^^Balam^"^^^america s grandest storg Claret— Extra fancy, specia , sa . 63c
would soon cease and be followed by
the former amicable relations.
Oyama Heavily Reinforced.
BERLIN, Jan. 12.—The Neuste
Nachrichtensen to-day publishes a
dispatch from Mukden saying, accord
ing to the Russian intelligence bu
reau, the Japanese army facing Gen
era\, Kuropatkin's forces has been re
inforced by 368 siege guns recently
used in the investment of Port Arthur
and by 32,000 infantry, making a to
tal of 388,000 men, with 1254 guns.
Russian Cavalry Driven Back.
GENERAL OKU'S HEADQUAR
TERS, Jan. 12. —A small party of
Russian cavalry near Haicheng at
tempted to cut the railway, but was
driven back by the Japanese guard.
No details have yet been received. It
is the first time that the Russians
have attempted to use cavalry along
the line of communications.
MacArthur to See the Fighting.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12. — Major
General Arthur Mac Arthur, command
ing the Pacific Division at San Fran
cisco, will leave shortly with permis
sion of Japan for Manchuria to ob
serve the operations of the Japanese
troops in the war with Russia. Gen
eral Mac Arthur's successor is undeter
mined.
Russian Loan Quickly Subscribed.
j BERLIN, Jan. 12.—Applications for
j the Russian loan were so large that
i the subscription list was closed Im
mediately after it opened to-day.
Champion Mine to Resume Operations
NEVADA CITY, Jan. 12.—The
champion mine will resume* operations
to-morrow morning, a bond having
been given in connection with the
$200,000 suit brought against the
company by the Home Gold Mining
Company. It is expected that next
week the Home company will ask per
mission in Judge Seawell's court in
San Francisco to give a bond to re
sume operations. Work will he car
ried on in the Champion in all but the
disputed ground. The shutdown of
the tWo mines caused 200 men to be
thrown out of employment.
INCURS WRATH
OF HIS MOTHER
Dr. Rutherford B. Irones of
San Francisco Weds and
May Lose an Inheritance
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 12.—After a
vain attempt to-day to prevent her son,
Dr. Rutherford B. Irones, from marry
ing Mrs. Georgia E. Dow of San Diego.
Mrs. Carrie Irones, a wealthy woman
of San Francisco, declared that she had
disinherited the young physician. Dr.
Irones says his mother is owner of the
Hotel Kenmore, on Geary street, and
other San Francisco property valued at
about $500,000. He says he does not
think she will carry out her threat to
prevent him from receiving the estate
at her death.
Ten minutes after young Irones and
Mrs. Dow had been married by Justice
Young in the Courthouse Mrs. Irones
appeared and demanded to know why a.
license had been issued to her son. The
license clerk responded that young
Irones had given his age as 27 and that
of Mrs. Dow as 25. Mrs. Dow, who was
divorced seven years- ago and who
thereupon resumed her maiden name,
is the daughter of a San Diego man
who went to the Klondike a number of
years ago in the interest of a syndicate
and is said to have cleaned up half a
million in the gold fields.
Dr. Irones and his mother came to
Los Angeles some weeks ago on a trip
around the world. He had met Mrs.
Dow previously In San Francisco and
she came here with her mother from
San Diego to wed him unknown to Mrs.
Irones. Dr. Irones claims to have been
ship surgeon on the Coptic for the Oc
cident and Oriental Steamship Com
pany, and to have acted in a confiden
tial capacity for the Chinese Govern
ment in connection with immigration
matters.
BURGLARS MAKE RICH
HAUL AT GRASS VALLEY
Break Open the Safe In a, Saloon
and Secure About Six
Hundred Dollars.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 12.—Safe
crackers early this morning broke into
John Aver's saloon. In the heart of
the business section, carried the safe
to the rear of the place and broke it
open. They were heard by a man
sleeping in an adjoining building, but
he failed to give an alarm. Aver de
clines to state his loss, but it Is said
to be $600. He had no confidence in
banks and kept large sums of money
In the safe.
Did Willie Wise and Tommy Tough
have the laugh on Simple Sammy?
Well, I guess not. In next Sunday's
Comic Section.
BOT'S LEG BROKEN. —Oakland, Jan. 12.—
Louis Frye. a. schoolboy residing at s:i<> Tele
graph avenue, was thrown from a delivery
wagon In a collision with a Orove- street car
at TwenUeth and Grove streets this evening
and his left leg was broken. The horse, which
was running away, was killed. The boy was
treated at the Receiving: Hospital.
ADVEIRTrSEMENTS. . «
HIAIIIAAjA to * ove en and no
wMI 111 dm \W home can be completely
\J 111U 11 V happy without them, yet the
ordeal through which the ex-
pectant mother must pass usually is
I 80 °* suffering, danger and fear
| lllllil that she looks forward to the critical
hour with apprehension and dread.
Mother's Friend, by its rjeuetratihg and soothing properties,
allays nausea, nervousness, and all unpleasant feelings, and
so prepares the system for the
ordeal that she passes through Wm AJafr Aii/D
the event safely and with but Willi 1m I
little suffering, as numbers IflvlliVl %J
have testified and said, "it is
worth its weight in gold." $1.00 per AillM
bottle of druggists. Book containing J I
valuable information mailed free. I I
IHE BRADFIELB REGULATOR CO.. Atitata. 6*.
GOVERNOR OF OREGON
FAVORS WHIPPING POST
Recommends in His' Message to Legis
lature That One Be Established
for Wife-Beaters.
SALEM, Or., Jan. *12.—The Legisla
ture to-day listened to the reading of
Governor Chamberlain's message. The
message carries a recommendation
that a law be passed authorizing the
establishment of whipping posts for
wife-beaters. A great demonstration
followed the reading of this clause In
the message, the applause lasting for
some minutes.
Swallows Carbolic Acid to End Life.
HEALDSBURG, Jan. 12. — John
Keller, aged 31 years, committed sui
cide this afternoon by swallowing car
bolic acid. Domestic troubles are
thought to have led up to the deed.
Keller married a prominent young
lady of this city about a year ago and
leaves a wife and baby.
When a woman wants people to
think she is Intellectual It's a sign she
isn't clever.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
ROWLAND KILLS WIFE,
THEN ENDS LIFE.
Drunkenness Leads
to Frightful
Tragedy.
ShootsSpouse,Then
Cuts Own Throat
With Razor.
OAKLAND, Jan. 12—George H. Row
land, a Southern Pacific Company
switchman, this afternoon shot and
killed his wife, tried to kill his son
Edward, seventeen years old, when the
boy tried to save his stepmother, and
completed the domestic tragedy by
nearly severing his own head from his
body with a razor.
The murder and suicide occurred in
the kitchen of. the Rowland residence,
918 Center street, at 2:45 o'clock. Row
land had been drinking heavily and was
enraged over Mr*., Rowland's decision
to leave him. ,
Gathered ii} the parlor shortly before
the shooting were Mr. and Mrs. Row
land, the boy Edward and Mrs. Ethel
Day and Mrs. Frank W. Sonderleiter,
daughters of Mrs. Rowland. The hus
band and wife had returned from a
trip to San Francisco to arrange the
terms of property settlement, prelim-'
inary to the carrying out of an agree
ment to separate. The folks had been
talking about the family differences,
when Rowland suddenly left the room.
Soon afterward he called to his wife,
asking her to go into the kitchen. The
boy, who is Rowland's son by a for
mer marriage, warned his stepmother
not to have. He feared something
might occur, because his father had
shown signs of ugliness.
But Mrs. Rowland went and had
barely closed the door, when the others
heard two pistol shots. Young Row
land ran to the kitchen and saw his
stepmother lying on the floor. The
father was brandishing a pistol. The
boy grabbed a chair and smashed it
at his father, knocking the weapon out
of his hand. The young man tried to
get the pistol, but his father seized it
and fired a shot at the boy, who rushed
out to alarm his stepsisters. He had
opened the front door to let them out
into the street when a bullet passed
between his arm and body.
PREPARES FOR DEED.
The father turned away and went
to a pantry off the kitchen, where he
laid the pistol on a shelf. Then he took
his razor, stepped out on the back
porch and facing a small looking
glass on the wall, slashed his throat
deeply. He staggered back to where
his wife's body lay and died with one
arm around her neck. Mrs. Rowland
was shot once through the head.
The women went to neighbors as
young Rowland summoned the police.
Captain of Police Wilson arrived and
found the house locked. Young Rowland
was in a wildly excited state outside ihe
house in the hands of friends. Captain
Wilson entered the house and found
the bodies. The floor, doors and table
were covered with blood, the trail
showing the movements of Rowland.
The pistol, and razor were all evidence
of the gory crime. On the kitchen
table were the remains of a half-fin
ished meal and a large tin box that
contained the family private papers.
A deed, blood-spattered, lay opened on
the table as if Rowland had been exam,
lnlng the paper shortly before he made
up his mind to end the domestic differ
ences.
As soon as Captain of Police Wil
" son entered the house he ran to the
kitchen and then sent for Dr. W. K.
Sanborn, who examined the bodies,
pronouncing the man and the woman
dead. Rowland's pistol, still warm
but empty, was found on the pantry
shelf. Two cartridges were found on
the kitchen floor* One of the bullets
plowed through the side of the house
and lodged in the side of the next
door dwelling. The police took charge
and sent for the Coroner, who re
moved the bodies, to the Morgue.
LIQUOR THE CAUSE.
Young Rowland declared that
liquor was at the bottom of the fath
er's crime. There had been quarrels
over his drinking an* Mrs. Rowland
had told him that she could no longer
bear to live with him. After it had
■ been arranged they should part Row
land and his wife decided to settle the
property Interests amicably. The hus
band owned the two-story dwelling
which was their home, and it was In
tended he should deed that to his
wife. They made the trip to San
Francisco, but found they did not
have the documents necessary to make
certain transfers that were to be pre
pared. It was on their return that the
stepchildren met the couple to talk
over matters.
None of them had complaint to
make other than that Rowland- in his
cups was disagreeable toward his wife.
Jtowland, after the shooting!
said he had a fear of something
wrong, but did not suspect his father
would resort to such a desperate deed.
Nine years ago Rowland married
the woman whom he killed. She was
then the widow of Thomas H. Irwin.
Mrs. Rowland's maiden name was I
Florence R. Mclntyre. She was 42
years old. heing twenty-five years
younger than Rowland. He had been
in the Southern Pacific Company's
employ for thirty years, having come
to Oakland from Canada. *
The children are Edward Rowland,
a Southern Pacific Company employe;
Mrs. Ethel Day, wife of Fred Day,
also In the Southern Pacific employ!
who resided at the Rowland home;
Mrs. Frank W. Sonderleiter, wife of
a member of the painting firm of
Sanford & Sonderleiter of Oakland,
and Mrs. Antonio Sllva, wife of a bar
ber at Point Richmond. The young
women are daughters of Mrs. Row
land by her former marriage. j
- m £
WOMAN DISAPPEARS —Oakland, Jan. 12.
The police have been asked to find Mrs. L.
Bernot, who has been missing from the St.
Ecuta House. Flm and Franklin «ti«*« -
UNFORTUNATE WOMAN WHO WAS SHOT AND KILLED BY HER HUSBAND
BECAUSE SHE HAD DETERMINED TO LEAVE HIM. AND THE MUR
DERER WHO FINISHED HIS BLOODY WORK BY COMMITTING SUICIDE.
THREE KILLED
IN RAIL WRECK
Eastbound California Lim
ited on Santa Fe Eoad and
Fast Freight in Collision
LAS VEGAS, N. M., Jan. 12.—Three
persons were killed, two fatally in
jured and several others more or less
painfully hurt in a collision to-day be
tween the eastbound California Limited
on the Santa Fe road and w freight
train. The accident occurred about
thirty miles south of Raton and was
due to the failure of the freight crew
to observe orders giving the limited
right of way. The wreck was the
worst in the history of this division
and a number of trains were held up
until midnight pending the clearing of
the wreckage. The dead:
A. M. COCHRAN, fireman, Melvin,
Kans.
GRUENEBERG, fireman, Kan
sas City.
PHILIP FREINENSHEIMER, who
had charge of the compartment car.
Fatally Injured: F. G. Boomer, engi
neer; P. A. Allison, engineer.
The bodies of the dead were brought
to Las VegaS and placed in the morgue.
The injured are in the hospital.
The trains met on a long hill in a
dense fog. The passenger, which had
the right of way over the freight, was
traveling forty miles an hour. The
freight was descending the Incline and
was also making fast time in an ef
fort to reach Tipton before the limited
arrived. The impact of the two trains
was terrific and wreckage from the
two engines, baggage and express cars
and freight cars was hurled high in
the air.
The limited had the right of way
over the freight, which was an ex
tra, but the freight crew thought they
had time%to reach Tipton ahead of the
other train.
The passenger train was heavily
laden and the occupants of the cars
were hurled from their seats and
berths with great violence. A ma
jority of them sustained bruises by be
ing thrown against the sides of the
ci.rs and the seats.
Agent Killed in Wreck.
MOBILE, Ala., Jan. 12.—A north
bound passenger train on the Mobile,
Jackson and Kansas City Railroad ran
ir.to a washout to-day and the engine,
baggage and passenger coaches were
overturned. General Passenger and
Freight Agent L. B. Sullivan, who was
making f*n inspection tour on the en
gine, was killed. Three men were In
jured.
Club Plans Minstrel Show.
OAKLAND, Jan. 12.—The Reliance
Athletic Club is arranging- for a min
strel and vaudeville show to be held
in the club gymnasium about Feb
ruary. The members of the commit
tee who are in charge of the arrange
ments for the show are: Edwin
Steams, Walter B. Fawcett. Paul J.
SchaeJler and P. IL Rosenheim
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1905.
STRONG WORDS
OF CATTLEMAN
President of the National
Livestock Association Is
sues Challenge From Chair
DENVER, Jdn. 12.—"The man who
has Imputed motives of dishonor to
your president is a liar, an absolute
and unqualified liar, and the chair is
| able to substantiate it physically or
i otherwise."
This was the declaration of Presi
j dent Frank J. Hagenbarth of the Na
tional Livestock Association in a
speech made to-day to the opposition.
His words alluded to alleged state
ments that he had been overzealous
in his efforts to obtain for the rail
roads representation in the governing
body of the Livestock Association.
At the morning session of the asso
ciation some sharp criticisms of the
president were made by a number of
the delegates, who declared that he
was paying too much attention to the
committee meeting in which the plan
of reorganization was being consid
ered, and too little to the meetings of
the convention. At the afternoon ses
sion the president appeared in person
Ito reply to his critics. He declared in
! the commencement of his remarks
| that he had been insulted by delegates
, who had impugned his motives, and
that he wished to take a few minutes
|on a question of personal privilege.
He denied that he had been actuated
I by any idea but the good of the asso
i ciation; that he had no personal inter
est in the admission of any group of
men into the membership of the Live
stock Association/ and then made the
declaration given above.
At the afternoon session, when
President Hagenbarth had concluded
his speech, S. H. Cowan of Fort
( Worth, Tex., called up the order made
at the morning session, which directed
the organization committee to report
at 1:30 this afternoon or be discharged
| from further service.
President Hagenbarth asked him to
i delay his motion to bring in the com
mittee, as it was about ready to re
port, but it would need until to-mor
row to finish its work.
The rollcalL was finally had after
considerable delay.
Elect New Directors.
OAKLAND. Jan. 12.—The Oakland
I Wheelmen have elected directors for
j the ensuing year. The annual election
;of club officers will be held in a few
I days. At the next meeting of the new
[ board arrangements will be made for
I a club race on the Haywards triangle,
j which will take place in March. The
i new directors are: J. Dohrman, M.
j Moffitt, R. G. Brown, F. Bruzzone. W.
Chalmers, H. Smith. W. N. Kidwell, H,
j Muller, J. M. Maurer, W. Sinclair and
!A. B. Moffitt.
RETURN OF DR. RBlLLY—Oakland, Jan.
i 12. —Dr. Paul H. Reilly has returned to this
j city and has just opened an office In the
Bacon block.
FINDS A FLAW
IN ORDINANCE
License Law of Berkeley Is
Unconstitutional Accord
ing to the Town Attorney
CITY'S BAD POSITION
Business Can Be Conducted
Without Paying Tax to
the Municipal Government
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Jan. 12.
As the result of court and attorney's
act to-day tire town of Berkeley finds
itself in the unique position of being
without a license law under which its
officers may operate to produce "venue
for the government.
Town Attorney Hayne declared In
Justice Edgar's court this morning,
during the trial of H. P. Carlson, a
peddler arrested for doing business
without a license, that the license ordi
nance of Berkeley was unconstitutional
and void. He based his opiniolk on the
fact that the ordinance permitted the
Town Trustees to grant free licenses.
This he deemed to be "class legisla
tion," making improper discrimination
possible, and nullifying the entire ordi
nance.
Judge S. P. Hall of the Superior
Court of this county has confirmed
Town Attorney Hayne's view of the
ordinance, Hayne said, and so the
Town Attorney moved that the pris*
oner, Carlson, be discharged. Justice
Edgar assented and Carlson left the
courtroom. He was arrested for a sim
ilar offense several month& ago and
convicted, but on appeal Judge Ells
worth found the complaint defective
and Carlson thus escaped.
By the act of Justice Edgar and At
torney Hayne to-day the town is de
prived of any measure under which
licenses may be collected. Peddlers,
banks, stables, laundries or corpora
tions may operate without paying until
a new license ordinance is adopted. The
ordinance which has been in force was
adopted on June 22, 1903.
SOCIETY WOULD
RELIEVE HOME
OF A DEFENDER
BY ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE.
OAKLAND. Jan. 12.—"And the greatest of
these is charity." So said one who also bade
us love our neighbor as ourself. and it was
in the name of the greatest of all the vlrtuee
that Mrs. Maxwell Taft threw open the doors
of her home to the public to-day to relieve
another home recently made desolate. The
beneficiary of the tea and musicals which
society has been eagerly anticipating is Mrs.
George Brown, wife of the policeman who
met death a few weeks ago while in the dis
charge of his duty.
Actuated no doubt by the same sweet spirit
of helpfulness and sympathy that prompted
the hostess the smart set attended the tea
in numbers that poured in and overflowed the
charming little residence on Monteeito avenue
Mrs. Bruce Haven presided at the door and
besides the silver quarters that piled up before
her there were scores of tiny envelopes with
generous donations. It is safe to predict that
over $200 will be netted through the kindly
efforts of Mrs. Taft and her friends.
Some good music was heard during the
afternoon. Miss Kdith Wallace being a singer
new to most of us, but as she sings with ex
cellent taste and style will no doubt be called
upon frequently in the future.
The double trio, composed of six of our
most popular society maids, was a delightful
surprise to everybody present. They have
been practicing together for two or three
weeks only, but they sang several numbers
to-day in a real musicianly " manner. The
sextet of girls Includes Miss May Coogan,
Miss Marion Smith, Miss Carolyn Oliver, Miss
Cordelia Bishop, Miss Crissle Taft and Miss
Anita Oliver. .They pleased the eye as well
as the ear while they sang, for they made
a very pretty picture in their gowns of deli
cate tints.
Miss Winifred June Morgan, whose fine work
Is too well known to need comment, con
tributed a violin solo and Miss May Coogan's
sweet voice was heard in a solo. Mrs. Max
Taft and Miss Pauline Collins accompanied
the soloists.
One of the most stunning gowns at the tea
was worn by the dainty little hostess, who
looked very girlish in a pale blue gown of
some soft silk, made with a full skirt and
bodice and regular leg of mutton sleeves. The
young ladies in her receiving party were, in
their dainty gowns, a veritable "rosebud gar
den of girls." The six young girls in the
sextet assisted in receiving, and others also In
the party were Miss Georgie Cops, Miss Wal
lace, Miss Edith Selby. Miss Edith Gaskill.
Among those who attended to the tea were:
Miss Florlnne Brown, Mrs. Lillian Brown
Everts Mrs. Frederick Stolp, Mrs. George H.
Collins, Mrs. George de Golia. Mrs. W. N.
Kleeman, Miss Eeielle Kleeman. Mrs. Oscar
Luning. Miss Charlotte Elsey. Mrs. Frank C.
Watson, Mrs. Lee Cole Burnham. Miss Adah
Brown, Mrs. J. Loran Pease Mrs. Frederick
Stratton, Mrs. Charles Houghton, Miss Ruth
Houghton, Miss Noelle de Golia. Miss Edith
Beck. Miss Bessie Fllmore, Miss Kathleen,
Brown, Miss Anita Thomson, Mrs. Charles
Egbert, Miss Alice Eccles. Mrs. Rupert White,
head. Mrs. George H. Wheaton, Mrs. George
Percy. Miss Ethel Crellin, Miss Mona Crellln,
Mrs. George Porter Baldwin, Rev. and Mr 3.
Charles VValkley Rev. Thomas McSweeney,
Mrs Frank Kendall. Mrs. Kenneth Lowden,
Mrs. J. E. MoElrath. Miss Betha McElrath,
Miss Ann McElrath. Mrs. Alfred Eaßtland,
Miss Pauline Fore. Mrs. Clarence Crowell.
• • •
One of the prettiest engagement luncheons
of the season was given by Miss Charlotte El
»ey to-day In honor of Miss Sallie Wor'.ey.
who has Just consented to let the news of
her engagement to Bruce Burnett become
known. With her usual originality Miss Ersey
planned several dainty surprises for her guests,
the most artistic and unique, perhaps, being
the way the engagement was announced. Be
neath the chandelier that overhung the table
a great pink flower was suspended. From It a
pink ribbon found Its way to each plate, and
at a given signal the guests pulled on the rib
bons and a shower of hearts and copids fell
from blossom's midst. The Cupids
bore the Intertwined initials of the happy
bride and groom to be. The luncheon guests
were: Miss Worley. Mrs. Oscar Luning Mrs.
F. A. Chadwlck. Miss Florence Sloper." Miss
Ida Grossmeyer. Miss Vera Jones. Miss Mabel
Gray, Miss Therese Wheeler, Mies Estelle
Klecman and Miss Chellie Sharp.
• • •
ALAMEDA, Jan. 12.—Miss Susanna Schoro
berg and Edward J. Fisher were married laat
evening by J. F. Feundellng of San
Francisco at the home of the bride, 461 Santa
Clara avenue, Alameda. Miss Schomberg was
attended by Mis* Anna FUher. The bride
groom's best man was Frank Schomberg. The
honeymoon Is to be passed In Southern Cali
fornia. Mr. Fisher la engaged in business In
San Francisco, where he ana his bride will
make their home.
Unity Circle of the First Unitarian Church
will hold a "swap social" neat Tuesday even
ing. Each guest will upon entering be pre
sented with a package for 25 cents, which he
or she may "swap." At a given signal all
packages will be opened and then the fun will
start. _
News of the marriage in Honolulu- last
month of Dr. Frank A. Bt. Sure, brother of
Judge A. F. St. Sure of this city, and Miss
Mabel A. Mossman has been received here by
relatives. The wedding was celebrated on
December 21, the ceremony being performed
by the Catholic Bishop of the Hawaiian
Islands. Among those who witnessed the mari
tal union were Judge and Mrs. William J.
Robinson, formerly of Alameda and now resi
dents of Honolulu. Dr. St. Sure was at one
time house physician at the Alameda County
Infirmary and later was surgeon of the Pacific
liner Alameda He Is now the resident physi
cian at the Mcßride plantation on the. island
of Kauai His bride wtut a teacher aid is a
SAYS BROTHER
HIDES MONEY
J. Leveira's Children Fight
Over the Estate Their
Father Left Son George
WANT MONEY DIVIDED
Favored Child Eeaps Reward
for Taking Position in
Opposition to His Mother
Oaklajid Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 12.
Charging that his brother has con
cealed and embezzled more » than
$10,000 belonging to the estate of their
father, the late Jose Leveira of San
Leandro, Martin Leveira has had his
brother, George, a resident of Antioch,
surrynoned to appear before Judge Og
den to answer under oath what he has
done with the money. The quarrel
between the brothers began with a
row between the parents, in which the
children took sides.
Mary Leveira, the mother and wife,
sued Jose for a divorce on the ground
of cruelty. While the suit was pend
ing her husband, rather than face the
charges, converted what property he
could readily dispose of into cash
and left the country. It was sup
posed that he went to Portugal, but
his death recently at Antioch revealed
his hiding place, where he had been
harbored by his son George. The
family is now endeavoring to get its
share of the money the old man took
away with him.
BERKELEY MEN PREPARE
TO ORGANIZE NEW CLUB
Equipment for Athletic Exercise to
Be Included in Organization's
Paraphernalia.
BERKELEY, Jan. 12.—A new so
cial club, with equipment for athletic
exercise, is being organized by prom
inent Berkeley men. More than forty
members already have been secured.
The board of directors has W. A.
Cameron for chairman and McCul
loyugh Graydon as secretary and
treasurer. The directors are W. A.
Powell, Dr. Thomas C. McCleave, Pro
fessor P. R. Boone and Dr. L. L.
Green.
The club has not been given a
name. Its constitution is being draft
ed and one of its clauses will permit
of wives and sisters of members hav
ing a share in the benefits of the or
ganization upon the payment of half
dues.
The membership Is to be thrown
open to all business and professional
men of Berkeley. Undergraduate
students of the university, however,
will not be Included, the club being
planned as a resort for adults.
Plans are being made for the leas
ing of a house in the downtown part
of Berkeley and the building of tennis
and handball courts on grounds ad-
Joining. Bowling alleys, too, may be
added when the club Is firmly estab
lished.
CHERRIES RIPEN IN THE
OPEN AIR IN MIDWINTER
Choice Fruit Grown In Alameda
County Gardens Is Exhibited at
Board of Trade.
OAKLAND, Jan. 12. —A choice lot
of midwinter fruit grown in the open
air in this'city is on exhibition at the
rooms of the Oakland Board of Trade
and is attracting much attention.
Among the different varieties are
twenty-five fine ripe cherries, several
branches of ripe raspberries, a num
ber of ripe apples and some green ap
ples and pears.
The cherries were gathered yester
day in the garden of Irving R. Whit
ney at 14 31 Hawthorne terrace,
Berkeley; the raspberries at the home
of D. L. Lyon, 2210 Andover street in
this city, and the apples were picked,
from trees in the garden of F. ShoO,
2155 Grove street. The cherries have
been photographed and the pictures
will be used in an article relative to
the climatic advantages of Alameda
County.
FOR RED CROSS ROOM
AT FABIOLA HOSPITAL
J. B. Richardson Would Turn Money
Left by Theresa L. Merchant
Over to Association.
OAKLAND, Jan. 12. —J. B. Rich
ardson, who as trustee holds $3039 34
belonging to the estate of the late
Theresa L. Merchant for the benefit of
the Red Cross Society of California,
has petitioned the courts to be al
lowed to turn this money over to the
, Fabiola Hospital. It is pointed out
that the Red Cross Society is not now
engaged in hospital work and Rich-
J ardson says he does not know what
else to do with the money. If it is
given to Fabiola, he concludes, there
will always be a room at the hospital
in which the Red Cross Society may
place a sick soldier.
Says Oil Kills Fish and Game.
OAKLAND, Jan. 12.—Deputy Fish
and Game Commissioner Wood has
sworn to a complaint against the
Paraffine Paint Company of Emery
ville, charging that the company by
allowing waste oil to run from its
plant into the bay is destroying large
numbers of ducks and fish. The Dis
trict Attorney has issued a summons
directing the company, through its
representative or agent, to appear be
fore Judge Quinn on Wednesday, Jan
uary 25, to answer the complaint.
young woman of intellectual ffttalnments.
Miss Hazel Binder has returned from a visit
with friends, at San Jose.
Miss Jean Dorech of Qulncy, Cal., is the
guest of friends in this city.
Dr. August Vancrom has returned from a
tour of Southern California.
FALL RIVER. Mass., Jan. 12.—The confer
ence to-day between Herbert P. Drake, repre
senting Governor Douglas, scayor Cbughlin and
the secretaries of the Cotton Mill Operatives?
Union, with reference to a settlement of the
strike, was without result. ,
FORFEITS LOVE
OF HIS FAMILY
Children Look Upon James
C. Fink as Stranger and
Spouse Does Not Want Him
FATHER'S PLACE IS LOST
Fails in Attempt to Re-enter
Home Circle and Wife
Gets a Decree of Divorce
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 12.
When James C. Fink of Livermor*.
returned from years of wandering in
Australia no fatted calf was killed nor
did he get the greeting he expected
from wife and children. On the con
trary, he had ceased to be missed and
his attempt to resume his position at
the head of his family was regarded
as an intrusion. A divorce action was
begun by Mrs. Anna M. Fink, which
terminated in her obtaining a decree
to-day on the ground of desertion and
failure to provide.
The Finks lived at Livermore and
times were prosperous, but mismanage
ment made shipwreck of their fortunes
and when things were at their worst
Fink v -nt to Australia without notify
ing his family of his intended departure
until the day he was to sail. After ar
riving at Australia he wrote once and
asked his wife to Bend him a ticket on
which to return, but she replied to him
that she had no money. Several years
went by and a few months ago Fink
reappeared at the old home. *
Work and hardship had made Its im
press upon the wife. The iove for the
man who was once her husband had
gone. The children were strangers to
him and his advent was the occasion of
a disarrangement of the family routine.
He was told there was no place for him
in the home he had deserted. Judge
Melvin took this view of the matter
and granted Mrs. Fink an interlocutory
decree.
Marion Sheridan got an interlocutory
decree of divorce from Michael Sheri
dan, a marine engineer, to-day and
she also obtained the custody of their
four children. By arrangement she is
to receive $20 a month alimony, $120
cash in bank and some lots In Seattle.
CO-EDS' TRICK
CAST IN SHADE
Professor Moses Sutlers From
Worse Than Cherry Blos
som Theft by Students
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Jan. 12.
Contributions to the literature In
spired by the famous axiom regarding
the folly of locking the stable door
after the horse has been stolen are now
expected from Professor Bernard
Moses, the distinguished authority on
international law and political history
and former Philippine Commissioner.
His favorite horse has been stolen.
Professor Moses reported to Marshal
Kerns this morning the dlappearance
of a pet saddle horse from the stable at
the Moses place, on College avenue, ad
joining the university campus. The ani
mal is said never to have strayed from
home, and so Professor Moses credited
his loss to the machination of one or
more of the gang of law-breakers that
has infested the university town since
the racing season opened.
It was Professor Moses who suffered
loss at the hands of the university co
eds last year, when the maidens
thoughtfully removed, as he alleged,
quantities of cherry blossoms and other
foliage from his place on College ave
nue. His remarks to the co-eds, made
in classroom hours, created a sensa
tion, though it was not supposed that
they would be taken so seriously as
they were. Some affected to see a joke
in the matter, attributing the cherry
blossom thefts to the gay spirits of
sorority girls, who had used the cherry
blossoms to decorate their rooms for a
tea, to which Professor Moses had been
bidden. It has been suggested that the
horse-stealing episode, reported to the
police by the professor to-day, may be
another prank of the buoyant col
legians, but this Professor Moses is
loth to believe.
Open house is now being kept at the
Moses stable, the padlock being in dis
use, as heretofore, in the hope that
conscience-stricken persons may drivt
the stolen or strayed animal back into
the Moses barnyard.
Wants Law About Hospital.
OAKLAND, Jan. 12.—The Board of
Health has asked City Attorney McEl
roy for an opinion concerning the au
thority of the board touching the se
lection of a site for a city hospital for
contagious diseases. The board is op
posed to the site in lower Fruitvale,
on the tidal canal, which was deeded
to the city by the Realty Syndicate.
In view of opposition the grantors
have requested the City Council to sell
this site and buy another one to which
objection would not be made. The
matter is in abeyance.
Footpad Holds Up Driver.
OAKLAND. Jan. 11.—Charles H.
Burnham, a driver for the Excelsior
laundry, reported to the police that he
was held up at 11:15 o'clock to-night
at Twentieth street and Broadway by
a footpad, who took $8 from him.
Burnham said the thief stopped him
and forced him to step into the
shadow of a building, esaying, "I've got
you covered." The victim said the
footpad had a pistol, which he pointed
at him through a coat pocket
OLYMPIA. Wash Jan. 12.—1n the lower
house of the State Legislature to-day the
members voted to visit Seattle on Saturday
next to inspect the great steamship Minnesota.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1018 Broadway.
Telephone Main 108*.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 7T.
ALAMEDA.
1455 Park Street,
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
VISIT OAKLAND.—Oakland, Jan.
—Commissioner Kllby of the Salvation
Army, who waa formerly in charge of the
work in South Africa, will visit Oakland on
Sunday. February 19. Commissioner Kllby
now has charge of the Salvation Army work
in all the territory west of Illinois.
ALMOST BITES HIS TONGUE OFT.—Oak
land. Jan. 12.—Toney Souxa of 620 Adeline)
street stumbled and fell this morning and In
doing so caught his tongue between his Jeetn,
almost biting it in two. He waa treated at
th * Receiving Hospital, where a number of
stitches were taken in the wounded tongua
by Dr. l. L Rig ffla .
WEBB N PEA RGB RETURNS.—Oakland.
Jan. 12.—Webb N. Pearce, the custodian of th*
Alameda County exhibit at the World's Fair,
has returned to Oakland, and expresses him
self as well satisfied with the showing made
by Alameda County at St. Louis. Mr. Pearca
says there is no doubt that the county will re
ceive much benefit aa a result of the showing;
made at the World's Fair.
AFFAIRS ARE IN GOOD CONDITION.—
Oakland, Jan. 12.—The annual repoYt of Su
perintendent A. D. Smith of Mountain VleW
Cemetery shows that the affairs of the cem
etery are In excellent condition. The total
receipts of the year amounted to $91,099 28
and the total expenditures were $65,846 51.
The following trustee* were elected, all being
chosen to succeed themselves: J. S. Emery.
C. H. Reddlngton, J. W. Phillips and George
E. Grant Jr.
PRISONER IN BAD PLlGHT—Oakland,
Jan. 12.—Fred J. Simmons suffering from
tuberculosis and conscience-stricken, was held
for trial by Police Judge Smith to-day fog
stealing $1000 from Whyte Gran dona. Sim
mons gave himself up at St. Louis and was
brought back by Captain of Police Petersen,
who to-day told of the fugitive's physical and
mental plight. Simmons has not long to liv*
as a result of his dissipations in spending th*
stolen money.
GIVEN CHARGE OF DAUGHTER.—Oak
land, Jan. 12.—Rebecca McCulloch wag
granted letters of guardianship of the person
and estate of her daughter, Mrs. Harriet
Hampshire of Dlmond, this afternoon by Judge
Ogden. E. W. Hyden of 667 Seventeenth street,
who was chosen by Mrs. Hampshire prior to
being restrained at Dr. Robertson's sanitari
um, protested. Mrs. McCulloch quarreled with
her mother and sisters over their charges
made during a former restraint and went to
the Hyden home to live. She has property
worth 910,000, which Hyden was ordered to
turn over to the mother.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.—OakIand, Jan. 12.
The following marriage licensee were issued
by the County Clerk to-day: Walter L Hynes,
20. and Phoebe H. Atkins, 18, both of San
Francisco; Thomas McKJnnon, 28, and Mary
Baiker. IS both of San Francisco; Will W.
Munday. 28, and Myrtle Perkins, 28, both of
Oakland; Manuel Botlho. 21. Decoto, and
Emma Amare 1, 17, Havwarde; Alfred O. Pi
mental, over 21, and Hattie Merrill over 18,
both of Hay wards; Frank G. de Rosa, 36, and
Mary Battencourt, 23. both of Oakland; Jens
C. 29. and Eva B. Reed 22, both
of Oakland; George W. Sheedy, 22, Berkeley,
and Mollle Madden, 22, Oakland.
STOCKTON CAUITALIST
GROWS WEARY OF LIFE
Parker Wilson Shoots Himself After
Returning From Visit to His Wife,
Who Is in Oregon.
STOCKTON, Jan. 12.—After reeefrV
ing a letter from hia wife, who is in
■Oregon City, visiting her brother, Par
ker Wilson, a young capitalist of this
city, shot himself with suicidal Intent
this morning at the residence of his
mother-in-law, Mrs.' Crothers, 345
West Market street. Tk;ere have been
rumors of an estrangement between
Wilson and his wife for some time,
but he has persistently denied that
there was any trouble. He returned a
few days ago from Oregon, where he
had gone with his wife on a visit. She
remained there, however, but he de
clared he expected her to join him at
any time. He may recover. «
OREGON CITY, Or., Jan. 12.—Mrs.
Parker Wilson is not in town. She waa
seen to buy a ticket for San Francisco
and board the southbound California
express Tuesday last. It is understood
here that she is either In Oakland, Cal.,
or Stockton, where she has relatives,
and that she secured the money with
which to buy the ticket from jewelry;
pawned at a brokerage shop here.
Her husband was In Oregon City th»
day before she left for California in an
endeavor, it is said, to effect a recon
ciliation with Mrs. Wilson, but it is
stated he was unable to do so and re
turned to California either Monday
night or on the train taken by Mrs.
Wilson Tuesday.
BODY OF MURDERED MAN
FOUND BURIED IN ORCHARD
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 12.—While
directing- some work in the Kern
County Land Company's orchard this
morning, James Hughes came upon a
mound of earth and upon investiga
tion he found the body of a man bur
ied a few feet below the surface. The
body bore evidences of having been
buried about a month. The skull of
•he dead man was crushed in and the
features mutilated beyond recognition.
The authorities have been notified.
The fact that the body was barely %
covered with earth points, in their
opinion, to foul play.
Heavy Snowstorm in Portland.
PORTLAND, Ore., Jan. 12.—The
first snowstorm that has occurred here
for two years, and one which bids fair
to be the heaviest for. several years,
prevails in this city and throughout
Northwestern Oregon and Southwest
ern Washington ' to-day. About an
inch has fallen so far. but the weather
bureau predicts that a further and
heavier fall will take place to-mor
row. The storm is accompanied by a
heavy wind.
Alleged Briber Pleads Not Guilty.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 12.—CTeorg?
Sorenson, accused of offering
States District Attorney John Hall a
bribe of $5000 to quash further proceed -
lngs In the land fraud cases, was ar
raigned to-day before the United StaU-s
District Court and pleaded not guilty.
+ -. ■ ... v
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Large Box of
BUTTER BRITTLE.
A Delicious Confection,
Made by
THEOPOLD MORRIS & CO.
Free With Every Small Ad In
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.SUTRO EJECTED
FROM OFFICE
Attorney's Attempt to Take
Records of Peyton Chem
ical Company Is Blocked
WALLACE THWARTS HIM
Ponder Trust's Represen
tatives Worsted in Fistic
Battle in Mills Building
Attorney Oscar Sutro. representing
the DuPont Powder Company of New
York, was forcibly thrown from the of
fices of the Peyton Chemical Company
yesterday by Secretary John P. Wal
lace after Sutro had tried to carry off
the latter company's stock record.
The ruse to get the books was a
time-worn one, but the aiertness of
Secretary Wallace prevented the rep
resentatives of the powder trust from
accomplishing their end. Frank Turner,
auditor of the California Powder Com
pany, a tributary of the DuPont con
cern, in oompany with Attorney Sutro
called at the Chemical Company's of
fices in the Mills building shortly after
2 o'clock p. m. Turner informed Wal
lace that he wanted to sign for some
stock. Ten shares were agreed upon,
and Turner affixed his signature to the
stock book of the company. This done
Sutro quietly picked up the book and
started for the door. Wallace detected
his scheme, and bounding over an in
tervening desk grabbed him just as he
was on the threshold.
"Give me that book," cried Wallace.
"Not till I've seen the contents," re
torted the attorney.
A struggle ensued. Wallace is mus
cular and wrested the book from Su
tro. In the scuffle the attorney's hands
came in forcible contact with the door,
and the knuckles were cut. Turner took
no part in the fight, but acted as a
peaceable spectator. After he had se
cured the coveted book Wallace seized
Sutro and ejected him from the offices.
. In speaking of the trouble Wallace
said: "Sutro tried to remove the book,
and I simply took it away from him
and threw him out. I had anticipated
something of the sort. The suit brought
by the DuPont people In an endeavor
to see the books of our company has
been thrown from Superior Judge Ker
r.iKan's court and that of Circuit Judge
Morrow. Their suit resulted from that
filed by us last June, in which we sued
for $500,000 for breach of contract. The
DuPont trust has been trying to get
control of our company for some time.
II owns about 45 per cent of the stock,
which is held in the names of dummy
stockholders. It has a revised suit on
the same lines, which comes up in
Judge Lawlor* s court to-morrow morn-
Ins:. We have held out against the
i rust up to now, and what it will do in
the future to get control of our com
pany remains to be seen."
Tommy Hog's Father
Most sadly mistook when he thought
it was easy to Are the cook. In next
Sunday's Comic Section.
Mrs. Stone's Will Filed.
The will of Mrs. Matilda B. F.
Stone, widow of the pioneer Unitarian
' minister who came to San Francisco
in 1566, was filed for probate yester
day by her son, Frank F. Stone, and
daughter. Miss Kate R. Stone. Mrs.
Stone died December 24. Provisions
are made for a distribution of the
family heirlooms. Including a tea set,
which has been in the family since
1 830, and a request is made that all
the children be present at the distri
bution. She left $20,000 to her daugh
ter Kate; $6000 to each of her sons,
Frank F. and Charles B. Stone; $6000
to her grandson, Bertody W. Stone;
• $2000 each to grandsons, Sidney and
Charles Stone;' $1000 to each of her
daughters-in-law, Louise and Elinora
K. Stone: $2000 to her granddaugh
ter, Florence M. Stone; $1000 to her
granddaughter, M. Ursula Stone, and
$200 to each of six other grandchil
dren. The residue goes to the daugh
ter Kate.
NEVADA CITY. Jan. 12.—Word comes from
. Forest City that while thawing out giant pow
ri»r at the South Fork gravel mine thirty-six
sticks exploded mysteriously. The Interior of
the mine was considerably damaged.
I Isn't It a Beauty?!
I
8H -a-^*~tn*mM\ l ~ Select any machine In our stock: any I
SB style, any size; try it for thirty days; If H
jjgH not entlrely satisfactory, return it. We Mm
SB JM S» believe in the superiority of the BB
Zonophonel
Over all other talking machines. We I
want you to know and we are willing to I
BQ| S'iyp thirty clays' trial before you I
pay one penny upon H
Prices range from $15 to $30. $25. $35 Mm
and $45. B
If machine is satisfactory pay $1.25 a H
week after thirty days. JH
BiMBPsP|BBffISBBBK Simply pay for required "records" H
aMHMIBiiHM now, Hi
||M&fl*BßMi 60c each and upwards. Liberal dls- B
E counts by the dozen. HB
WE ■ S "Blu« Records" have a tune on each H
M 6 ■ side. Saves you 60c on every "Blue ■
mm m Record" you buy. mm
I ™ Store Open Every Evening- This Week. H
■ KOHLER <& CHASE I
X (The Largest Music House on the Coast.) |jg|
|[ CORNER POST AND KEARNY STS. I
POLICEMAN DONS
QUEER DISGUISE
AND BUYS A POOL
S. HOLMES ECLIPSED
Violator of Ordinance Cheerfully
Sells Convicting Evidence.
In accordance with his chieftain's
behest to all patrolmen, Policeman
Cornelius kept a weather eye open
for the detection of violators of the
measure prohibiting the selling of
pools on horse races and soon was re
warded by finding evidence ample to
justify belief that one Fred Jones was
holding the ordinance in slight es
teem. In the office of a livery stable
on California street, near to Polk, Mr.
Jones was in daily habit of receiving
and transacting business with persons
whose only apparent interest in horse
flesh consisted of the effect that the
results of certain speed contests at
Emeryville would have upon their
pocket books. Having satisfied him
self on this point, the patrolman's
next move was to catch Mr. Jones In
the act of pool selling and also to ob
tain the material evidence necessary
to convict him of the offense. How
well he succeeded in acomplishing
both those objects was demonstrated
by his appearance yesterday before
Police Judge Mogan as complaining
witness against Mr. Jones and his
production of a pool ticket which he
had purchased from the defendant.
Among: the men whom Cornelius
had noticed at various times in con
verse with Mr. Jones were several at
taches of a nearby meat market, and
it was the sight of one of them emerg
ing from the stable with the pleased
smile of a winner that afforded the
idea that resulted in the coup. Re
moving his coat and donning a butch
er's blouse and cap, besides equipping
himself with a leg of lamb, several
dozen yards of welnerwurst and other
wares of his pretended calling the po
liceman hastily entered the stable of
fice and hurriedly said: "Gimme Ba
ker at the odds, quick!" Mr. Jones
smiled blandly as he filled the order
and gave his customer a ticket en
titling him to draw $11 in return for
the $5 deposited if a horse named Ba
ker should win a race that day at
Oakland. No sooner was the deal
completed than the pseudo butcher
cast off his disguise and exclaimed:
"Behold, I'm an officer and you're
pinched!"
It was a dramatic moment. Even
the policeman's recountal of it thrilled
the court.
"Your work," quoth the Judge, ad
miringly, "was worthy of What-d'ye
call-um Holmes."
Mr. Jones will attempt a defense to
day.
• • *
A. Smallman and wife of 28 Bronte
street displayed to Judge Conlan
heads and faces pretty badly battered
and announced their desire that A.
Roth be punished for inflicting the in
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
juries with a monkey-wrench. The
Judge thereupon ordered that the
original charge of battery against Mr.
Roth be raised to assault with a dead
ly weapon.
It was in the home of the Small
mans that the wrench was plied by
Mr. Roth. He went there with intent
to utilize the implement in the shut
ting off of the Smallmans' water sup
ply, Roth being landlord of the dwell
ing, and when they protested he beat
a nimble tattoo upon Mr. Smallman's
cranium and then transferred it to the
head of Mrs. Smallman to express his
resentment of her intereference.
Mr. Roth had an attorney, of course,
and prior to the appearance of Mrs.
Smallman in court the advocate informed
the bench that she had not been in
jured at all, positive information to
that effect having been given to him
by Mr. Roth. He withdrew the asser
tion, however, when Mrs. Smallman ap
peared and exhibited a countenance
discolored and bruised in spots. Her
delay in arriving was explained by the
fact that she had just come from St.
Luke's Hospital, where the surgeons
had sewed up her wounds, four stitches
being required to close one incision
made by Mr. Roth's monkeywrench.
The assault with a deadly weapon
charge will be heard to-day.
• • »
Olive Campbell, Lizzie Pierce and
Marie Wagstaff, who pleaded guilty to
one of several charges of shoplifting,
were fined $100 apiece by Judge Ca
baniss. Mrs. Wagstaff was unable to
pay the cash and went to the cells.
• • *
Thomas Killeen, convicted of two
charges of embezzlement, will be sen
tenced next Thursday by Judge Mogan.
While serving as collector for the Na
tional Laundry he falsified his accounts
and managed to get away with about
$1300 of his employer's money.
• • •
Alfred R. Eustace, blonde and dap
per, was convicted of having obtained
more than $100 worth of men's fine
underwear and furnishings by falsely
representing to Bullock & Jones that
he was Clinton E. Worden's valet and
had been sent by that gentleman to
purchase the goods. The plunder in
cluded silken pajamas and one um
brella that cost at retailsl4.
"You displayed fastidious taste in
your selections, at any rate," remarked
Judge Mogan.
"I've halways been used to wearin*
th' best," was the defendant's re
sponse, "and so long as I 'ad to *aye a
hcutflt I thought I might as well *aye
a good one."
He came from Australia as Mr.
Worden's valet, he added, but left that
service "a ten month ago." Since then
he has been employed at the Paso
Robles hotel and also by the San Fran
cipco Verein.
"I'm much worried by this situa
tion," he informed the court. " 'Ardly
a wink did I sleep lawst night, an* I'm
afraid hlmprisonment would quickly
wear me down. Th' hlnvironment is
deucedly hunpleasant, ye know."
Sentence postponed till next Mon
day.
c c $
Miss Oma Wallace (deeply colored)
not only declared she was not Miss
Anastasla Johnson, but asseverated
she had never met that lady, although
she had often heard of her. It was ap
parent to Judge Mogan and all his aids
that Miss Wallace was weary, for she
punctuated her defense with protracted
yawns delivered behind a yellow kid
glove.
"Dls yah Johnslng lady am a puffick
(yawn) stranger ter me," she said, "en
Ah wishes ter goodness folk'd quit
talkln' aboufr. She's er (yawn) mist,
Jedge, date wat she am—a mist."
"A myth you mean, I presume," his
Honor suggested.
"Ah sed mist, w'lch am short fo* mys
tery," Miss Wallace insisted.
She was pronounced guilty of va
grancy and remanded for sentence,
c c c
While a Jury was being impaneled in
Judge Cabanlss' court to decide the fate
of a person accused of selling liquor
without a license near the Presidio the
! attorney for the defense asked the
talesman under examination If he be
longed to any total abstinence or tem
perance organization.
"Weel, I dinna ken aboot thot," was
the answer, deliberately delivered. "I'm
a member o' th' Caledonian Club, and—"
"That's sufficiently negative," the
Judge said.
The Caledonian was subsequently
elected foreman of the Jury, and the
verdict of not guilty was incubated and
returned in one minute and seventeen
seconds by Bailiff Carmichael's watch.
When the police have rounded up
Andrew Wideler's business partner,
which they profess ability to do, An*
drew himself will have another hear
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1905.
MERIT BETTER
THAN ITS FAME
Italian Grand Opera Com
pany at Tivoli Discloses
Unexpected Musical Worth
"LA TOSCA" WELL SUNG
Though Below First Night's
Triumph Work of Singers
and Orchestra Is Applauded
"La Tosca" last evening brought out
j the dramatic voices of the Italian
Grand Opera Company at the Tivoli. It
was the second night of the season, and
there was a kind of seccmd-night feel
! ing generally about things. Not that
! there is any doubt of the qtality of the
| people gathered together at the Tivoli,
j only neither they nor the audience were
iat their best. One wonders if the small
j r size of the house as compared with
; that of the *rst night was a comment
; upon the opera. The music-melo-
drama was a success here from the
first excellent performance of it given
under Mr. Steindorff, but the fact re
mains that the audience last evening
was by a third less than on the first
night.
Nor was the performance by much on
the first night's level, though it cleared
up well in the last act. Even a Pollac
co proved himself unable to whip
modern music-drama into shape in one
rehearsal. The score is most intricate
and difficult, and there were many
loose ends. This was particularly the
case with the orchestral portion, yet
in its many fine moments one remem
bered to be glad of the tonal body and
beauty afforded by the large organiza
tion. But even the principals were—
tired, perhaps—not quite sure of their
parts.
Signorina Berlendi is destined to be
come a great favorite here or I mis
take. She is an extremely pretty
young women, an actress of charm and
power and possessed of a big, brilliant
dramatic soprano voice. Perhaps In
the comedy phase of the character of
Floria Tosca she showed herself most
capable, but she also depicted convinc
ingly the horror of La Tosca when in
the meshes of Scarpia and the emotions
evoked by her murder of the tyrant.
There is very much to be expected from
Signorina Berlendi and to-morrow
afternoon, as last night, a La Tosca
of real thrill.
La Puma looked like Dr. Johnson,
j but I do not feel inclined therefore to
play the Boswell to his Scarpia. Per
haps it was because he acted it in the
sedate and stolid fashion that might
have been expected from the "immor
tal lexicographer!" Yet, so greatly has
report -of this company fallen below
its desert that I am wondering If It
Is I or Signor La Puma who was out
of mood last evening. But one has seen
Coquelin's stab at the same part, and
after that La Puma can afford his.
To-night the barytone will sing
Figaro In "The Barber," which will
probab!y y prove La Puma's opportunity.
As to voice, it's a beauty. Smooth,
splendidly flexible, resonant, powerful,
we are going to hear some wonderful
things from the singer when, as a
voice, he gets his chance.
Colli, first billed as Cavaradossl, did
not appear, but in Signor Frosini was
discovered an exponent of the part who
commanded large admiration. Signor
Frosini, though quite apparently feel
ing his wav in the earlier scenes, later
developed a dramatic intensity, a
vocal power and beauty, that, with
Signorina Berlendi, carried the situa
tions almost killed by La Puma. Fro
sini will share dramatic honors with
Berlendi this season. The singers
were repeatedly called out after the
final curtain. Of the rest of the cast
Signor Cervi in the sacristan's part ren
dered good service.
Tettrazzinl to-night and "The Barber
of Seville."
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Want Electric Car Service.
The Sutter Street Improvement
Club, at its meeting yesterday after
noon in the Phelan building, passed a
resolution favoring the changing of the
cable railway on Sutter street into an
underground electric road. It was re
solved that the club urge upon the Su
pervisors the advantages of the
change. Frank P. Sullivan, president
of the club, was in the chair and E. P.
E. Troy was elected secretary. The
next meeting will be held in the Phe
lan building.
ing on the charge of wholesale lar
ceny. Andrew and the missing one
reaped a great harvest of men'a cloth
ing are Detectives Regan and O'Con
nell caught Andrew in the act of try
ing to dispose of some of the plunder to
a second-hand dealer at 1026 Howard
street. In the prisoner's possession
were sixteen pairs of new trousers and
In hie room were found forty-seven
ditto.
It was the wont of Mr. Wideler, ac- I
companied by his confederate and
equipped with a suit case, to saunter
into a clothing store and while the j
confederate engaged the attention of j
the salesmen Mr. Wldeler surrepti
tiously packed his grip with such gar
ments as he could pilfer undetected.
In the language of one of the detec
tives, "they worked the graft to a fin
ish," which may be Interpreted to
mean that they failed to realize when
it was prudent to suspend operations.
Three charges of second offense
petty larceny, which is equivalent to
felony, are booked against Mr. Wlde
ler.
c c c
Ah Sam, manager of a cigar Btore
at 620 Dupont street, paid money in- |
stead of goods to persons who played
and beat his nickel-in-the-glot ma
chine, and Judge Mogan has his case
under advisement. Patrolman High- !
tower, who made the arrest, testified
that Ah Sam's violation of the anti
gambling law was most flagrantly car
ried on.
"Playee machine an' I payee '
mloney," he was alleged to have said
to the policeman in disguise. "Sligah j
no dam goodee. Makee you slick, j
Mloney goodee allee time."
It was also disclosed to the court
that the brand of cigar most favored
by Ah Sam's customers was "the Cor- j
oner's Delight," ten of which could be !
purchased for 6 cents*
WOMEN'S WORK
FOR THE SICK
The Children's Hospital Has
Many Good Samaritans to
Assist in Its Management
MAKE ANNUAL REPORTS
Owing to Increasing De
mands Mrs. Harrington Ad
vises Extension of Building
The twenty-ninth annual meeting of
the Hospital for Children and Training
School for Nurses was held yesterday
at the institution, Mrs. W. B. Harring
ton, president, in the chair.
The president's report showed that
! the work of the year just ended had
i confirmed and strengthened the opin
j ion she had expressed in her last an
nual address regarding the necessity of
| replacing the main building by
a modern structure. The surprising
growth of the city of late years had so
widened the field expected to be cov
ered that the association found itself
hampered and quite unable with its
| present facilities to do Justice to the
j increasing calls. To effect such an lm
| provement would require a large sum
I and the question how it shall be raised
j demanded careful consideration. Eight
een years ago, Mrs. Harrington said,
when funds and materials were ob
tained from the public spirited citizens
of San Francisco for the erection of the
present building, the onerous task fell
mainly upon the board of trustees.
Mrs. Harrington said the present board
would render all the aid In Its power
toward the accomplishment of the
worthy object.
RECEIVE FREE TREATMNT.
Mrs. C. Edward Holmes, recording
secretary, reported that 1200 patients
had been cared for in 1804, of whom 494
were women and 706 children, making
an average of 19 adults and 84 children
each day in the year. Of this number
thirty-three children and four adults
daily were absolutely free patients and
a large portion of the remainder paid
greatly reduced charges.
Two new memorial beds were placed
during the year, the "Agnes" by Mrs.
Mary Haileck Foote and the "Phoebe
Lowenthal," by Robert Hochstadter.
In recognition of Charles R. Bishop's
generosity to the hospital a special
room has been named m his honor.
The record of the Pacific Dispensary,
741 Brannan street, a branch of the
hospital, shows 3110 patients treated
during the year, 3540 prescriptions
filled, 330 doctors* "out visits" and 401
nurses' "out visits"; obstetrical cases,
18; poor families helped, 38, and cases
sent from the dispensary to the hos
pital, 24.
Mrs. L. L. Dunbar, the treasurer, re
ported that the hospital receipts for the
year were $62,499 25, of which $6000 was
a bequest from Mrs. Emily Pope, paid
Into the endowment fund. Disburse
ments amounted to $63,724 11. The bal
ance on hand January 1, 1905, was
$6181 71, with bills unpaid for October,
November and December amounting to
1 $9422 86.
Mrs. Dunbar announced that the
"donation day" appeal at Christmas
brought in $4253.
Dr. H. T. Crabtree, resident physi
cian, read a report in behalf of the
medical staff and laboratory service.
SOCIETY FOLKS ACTIVE.
Mrs. John F. Merrill's report of the
three auxiliaries of the hospital showed
that many young society women and
children of well-to-do parents were
taking an active part in the hospital's
welfare.
The election of officers resulted as fol
lows:
President. Mrs. W. B. Harrington; vice
presidents, Mrs. William Hardy. Mrs. J. F.
Merrill; recording secretary, Mrs. C. E.
Holmes; corresponding secretary. Mrs. J. L.
Lillenthal; treasurer, Mrs. L. L. Dunbar.
Managers—Mrs. W. B. Harrington, Mrs.
William Hardy, Mrs. John F. Merrill, Mrs.
I* L. Dunbar, Mrs. J. H. Dickinson. Mrs.
SCOTCH PLAID TAILORS
SAN FRANCISCO SAN FRANCISCO
1009 MARKET STREET STORE ONLY
WE NEVER SLEEP—ALWAYS ON TOP HUSTLING FOR YOUR TRADE.
AnySuitinOurHouse I
MADE TO ORDER. POR 3 DAYS ONLY WmWm^L
FRIDAY SATURDAY MONDAY ll
JAN. 13 JAN. 14 JAN. 16 M
ANY HADE TO r 1 A f\f\ NO MORE % Wff
SUIT ORDER... lOr $ 1 V/#%/VJ NO LESS /jg^fc^
Any Black Suit Made to Order . WmWmvSmW mT%i
Any Blue Suit Made to Order St/I fl llf I r^ftt^^BMßfiHS.
Any Scotch Tweed Suit Made to Order .. XD I I ■• \J\J
Any Worsted Suit Made to Order JL =====
Any Broadcloth Suit Made to Order | |^
Remember, 3 days only. Our limit is 1000 Suits on this sale \ I||
—No more. Any suit in our house ■^niU
MADE TO (h 1 A /\/\ NO MORE JM(Ps^^^
ORDER 10l 1 V/#V/V/ NO LESS pfflffi^^
Our Guarantee —Should linings or any part of garment not ill l^fflEßpßLSrnl
wear satisfactory we will renew same Free of Charge. )Hmfflpß^roil
SCOTCH PLAID 1009 market st. "WSp^
Til II ADC SAN FRANCISCO STORE XrfttiX
I AILUKo only. iSsn
OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS UNTIL 10 O'CLOCK. vHB#
$100,000 stock to select from in full bolts. IStfr
Suits sold for $15.00 to $50.00 all go in this sale for 3 days only. JSwf
APVKRTISEMENTS.
Special
Friday and Saturday
11 jf $2.65
% -*tirr-i mmmk mm This elegant parlor ccn
-,r^^j^B^^^^^y!| [ < j tcr table of golden oak,
strongly built and nicely
I H 1 IN finished. An ornament to
ma Others from 95c to $50.00.
Liberal Credit
If there is one thing in the world about a range that in
terests the housewife more than another it is the oven.
Listen to this:
The doors sad racks la all Buck's ovens arc WHITE ENAMELED:
something 1 you will find In uo other ranees. This not only makes it as
easy to keep your oven as sweet and clean as a china dish, but the white
enamel retards radiation and REELECTS the heat. Ton don't have to turn
a pan of bread to have it bake evenly. Tour roast wont dry up or shrink
in a Buck's oven. It's really a self-baker.
And the oven Is only 088 of the rood points in a Back's Bans*e.
George F. Grant, Mrs. Henry B. Bothin, Mrs.
James W. Kerr, Mrs. W. T. Fonda, Mrs. Wen
dell Easton. Mrs. C. B. Alexander. Mr*. I. N.
Walter, Mrs. X. D. Hideout, Ml*. Rolls V.
Watt, Mrs. C. E. Holmes, Miss Frances M.
Doyle, Miss Mary Kohl. Mrs. Henry Payot,
Mrs. M. F. McOurn, Mrs. Andrew S. Rowan,
Mrs. J. L. Liillenthal. Mrs. Edward Carlson,
Mrs. Helen Hecht, Mrs. Walter Cope, Mrs.
Sophia E. Peart, Mrs. M. H. de Younir.
Trustees—John F. Merrill, William J. Dut
ton, Leon Sloss, James I). Phelan, Rolls V.
Watt.
Visiting SUIT-Lucy M. F. Wanxer, M. D.;
Harry M. Sherman, M. D.: Emma Sutro Mer
ritt. M. D.; William E. Hopkins. M. D.;
Charles' A. yon Hoffmann, M. D.: Beverly
Maomonagle, M. D.; William B. Lewltt, M.
D.; William Watt Ker. M. D.; Adelaide
Brown. M. D.; Frances R. Sprague. M. D.;
S. J. Hunkln, M. D.; Edward K. Hopkins, M.
P. • Alice M. Woods, M. D.; Howard Morrow,
M. D.
Assistant Visiting Staff —James T. Watkins.
M. D.; George J. McChesney, M. D.; Emma
K. WUllts. M. D.; pathologist, R. Leona Ash.
M. D.; chemist, H.irry East Miller, Ph.G.;
dentist. Amy Bowman, D. D. S.; anaesthetist,
Mary E. Botsford. M. D.
Physician in charge of dispensary—Dorothea
Watson, M. D.
Dispensary clinicians —Emma Sutro Merritt,
M. D.; Frances R. Sprague, M. D.; Alice
M. Woods. M. D.: Emma Lafontaine, M. D.;
Louise B. Deal, M. D.; Emma K. Wiliets, M.
D.; Silvia Harris, M. D.: Martha Thorwlck,
M P.; Mary C. Sperry. M. D.
Assistant clinicians —Mary J. Senkey, M. D.;
Theodora Vassault, M. D.; Grace Simon, M. D.;
Marguerite Delnlnger, M. D.
In amateur carpentering the easiest
nail to hit on the head seems to be the
finger nail.
GADSKI FAREWELL CONCERT
At the Alhamhia Theater Next Sun
day Afternoon.
Seats are now on sale at Sherman, Clay A
Co.'s for the farewell popular-priced concert on
Sunday afternoon next at th* Alhambra Thea
ter of the great soprano, Mme. Gadskl. The
following attractive programme will be pre
sented :
Part I (classical songs)—"Er Ist Gekom
men," "Aus Meinen Oroisen Schmersen 1
tR. Franz); "Das Vellchen." "Schlaf Mem
Prlnzchen" (Mozart): "Dichterliebe," T. an.l
11. (a, "In Wunder Schonen Monat Mai," b,
"Aus Melnen Thranen Sprlssen") (Schumann);
"Erlkonig" (Schubert).
Part II (modern miscellaneous arias and
songs)— Aria, "Aida" (Verdi): "Lehn Delne
Wang" (Jensen); "Yon Ewlger Llebe"
(Brahms); "Still Wle Die Naeht" (Bohmi;
"Kinderlleder" (Taubert); "Caecllle" (ft.
Strauss).
Part 111 (Wagnerian)—Aria, "Dich Teure-
Halle," "Gebet der Elisabeth" ("Tann
hcuser"): a, "Vorsplel" (piano solo), b.
"Isoldes Llebestod" ("Tristan and Isolde"). •
SETTLEMENT LECTi'RE. — Tne Houth Park
Settlement will start another series of free
stereopticon lectures this evening. Mies Eva
V. Carlln of the Berkeley High School will tell
of "The Melstertrunk." the festival play of
Rothenberg-ob-der-Sauber. Her talk will l><>
illustrated with pictures showing the quaint
Rothenberg scenes. Examples will be given
of the interesting old «ongs and music of the
festival.
Character is made by many acts and
becomes a habit.
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
■
JOHN D. SPRECKFXS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McNAUGHT j , {
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, BAN FRANCISCO j
FRIDAY JANUARY lj, 1905
THE SENATORIAL ELECTION.
THE first contention of The Call is won in the election of a Sen
ator from Southern California. The political and practical pro
priety of this was so manifest that other combinations, however
strong, were compelled to yield to it. The proper ambitions -and
material interests of that great section of our State .have been heard,
heeded and satisfied. It is true also that Southern California had
a free hand in making her own choice in selecting the man deemed
fittest to represent her in the Senate.
That part of the State set a high mark when Stephen M. White
was chosen. Party affiliation and partisan considerations put aside,
he was a great Senator, and in disinterested service, as a represen
tative of the popular aspirations and in his fine training and consum
mate ability, he was a conspicuous credit to the State. If the Re
publicans of Southern California have made a choice of as high merit
and capacity, then they have done well. But White had one fault;
he was culpable of one error in policy that reacted upon his party
and himself, to the injury of both. When a man enters public life,
as a party man, he must observe the somewhat hard and fast rules
of the game. If his party administration is in power, it is there as
the leader, and discipline and the future welfare of the party require
that the leader be followed. To this view of his Senatorial obligation
White was rebellious. He declared for Senatorial individuality as
against his own administration, and after that what happened hap
pened and is history.
Mr. Cleveland had been elected by a significant majority. States
long Republican shifted their political moorings and followed him.
His party had a majority in the House and Senate and saw visions
and dreamed dreams of a return of that long lease of power which
it enjoyed between 1801 and 1861. To all political observers and
experts the realization of these dreams and visions seemed certain.
Mr. Cleveland was an exceptionally strong man. His career was
the romance of American politics. His conception of right was lofty
and he was such a master of statement that his utterance of party
principle was unrivaled even by that of Jefferson. Yet all of these
high expectations came to naught. These exalted hopes ended in
despair. The popular confidence so fully given was as completely
withdrawn and the whole fabric fell in clattering ruin. The party
refused to lead or be led. It fell into disorder and wandered, wound
ing itself, like the man among the tombs.
This history is recent and it is instructive. Those that never
rise cannot fall. Only the exalted can be cast down. The election
of a Senator is primarily of interest to the successful man. It grat
ifies the pride of his friends. Were this all, and were there no fur
ther significance in it, the rest of the people could afford to be indif
ferent. But this is not all. Upon the election of a single Senator
may depend the greatest of consequences. They may involve na
tional supremacy by involving party domination. They may run far
into the future, affecting the welfare of the people at home and the
respect in which the Government is held abroad. Southern Califor
nia exults now, as is her right, and the rest of the State is gratified
that the needs of physical and political and commercial geography
have been recognized. All this may be dismissed, and remembered
only in the pleasure that it caused. But after that arise more serious
considerations, far reaching in their results.
The country has just given to a Republican President a ma
jority of 2,500,000. That is a majority of the whole people nearly
equal to the whole population at the period of the revolution. That
majority exceeds the total vote given to Lincoln by more than
750,000. It is not 500,000 less than the total vote of Grant in 1868.
It means something. It is an indorsement of party policies as rep
resented by the President. California gave to it her vote of 116,000.
Just now there are visions of perpetuity of party power. There are
dreams of supremacy equal to that which stretched across the last
century from Jefferson to Buchanan. The President has done his
part to concrete these dreams into fact and weave them into history.
Does it remain to be seen whether California has followed her in
dorsement of the President with her support of his policies? Or is it
true that in a delirium California Republicanism knows not the
sound of its own voice?
These are the sober and sobering considerations that stretch far
beyond the exultation of present success. The people are with the
President. Are they on guard, or do they sleep? A wise Californian
said once that those who need the instruction of results must wait
for the results. So it will be now. We must wait for results to see
whether in the selection of a Southern California Senator history is
to repeat itself, and we are to witness the assertion of an individ
uality, rebellious to discipline and refusing to lead or to follow. The
time has gone by when enthusiasm and exultation fill the whole
field of thought that is around the choice of a Senator. If the people
cannot win their way behind the President through the party, they
will try to win it by a reaction that may be like the breaking of the
seals that hold the pestilence.
The responsibility of this State cannot be avoided. It cannot be
shifted. It cannot be lost in the shouting. It sits unsleeping upon
the public conscience. The reckoning is not uncertain. It will be
approval or disapproval. It will condemn or it will exalt. We say
these things for the purpose of suggestion, hoping that no warning
is needed, and that there is nowhere any purpose that needs to be
warned. Let every eye be upon the pendulum of politics, and let all
witness how slight the impulse oj/its backward swing.
IN his biennial message to the Legislature Governor Pardee ad
vises an appropriation for specific educational interests which
affects directly the whole agricultural interests of the State. His
recommendation is that there be added to the equipment of the agri
cultural college of the State University an experiment farm of suffi
cient dimensions to insure the broadest practice and so situated as
to be typical of the largest agricultural areas. Until this adjunct to
the agricultural courses at Berkeley is provided, says the Governor,
the full efficiency of the school cannot be attained.
At first sight it may appear to the layman in things agricultural
that the possession of a farm, at a distance from the university site
and devoted to the practical instruction of university students, is not
a necessity. A brief survey of the conditions now obtaining at the
State agricultural school must, however, demonstrate the worth of
the Governor's idea. At present the student of liorticulture at
Berkeley learns all he knows about irrigation, drainage of orchards,
the/planting and pruning of trees, etc., from textbooks and charts
hung on the wall of his recitation room. The one who wishes to
perfect himself in the science of stock raising can only supplement
his book knowledge by a limited study of a small herd kept in the
stock barn back of the college campus. Theory monopolizes the
whole curriculum; practice comes with a rude shock after the stu
dent's graduation.
Among agricultural colleges of the East those achieving the
highest results have supplemented their teaching of theory by the
co-ordination of practice supplied by university farms. The farm
is made the laboratory of the agricultural courses just as the tech
nical courses in science have each their department of experimenta
tion. California's great wealth that comes from the soil demands that
in nothing facilitating the development of her resources should there
be any lagging behind Eastern competitors. Governor Pardee's
recommendation in behalf of the agricultural college should com
mend itself to the Legislature.
Forgetful of what he owe* to the United States, he ha» insulted and In
jured Its citizens. Under the circumstances the American Government will
be Justified in notifying President Castro that he must play the game fairly—
that his dishonest attempts to delay the payment of Just debts must stop.—
Chicago Tribune.
Mrs. Chadwick apparently did not think to borrow the amount of her
ball from the court. —Chicago News,
h i
A COLLEGE FARM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1905.
FOUR DAYS
OUR acquaintance began in a
manner most unique.
High up orj the canyon wall
was a rock, shaded by a live
oak. For a month it had been
my custom to sit upon this rock
through the warmest part of the day
sketching. I had established posses
sion by right of pre-emption.
So it came in the nature of a shock
when I climbed to my usual vantage
; point and found, ensconced in my fav
i orite position on my rock a girl.
,*I was indignant, also disappointed. I
felt much as Izaak Walton might
have felt when he found an interloper
fishing his favorite pool. This was a
most presumptuous young person.
"Ahem!" remarked.
She half turned and made a slight
bow.
"The view is something tremendous
from here," I observed further.
"Very!" she agreed.
"I come here every day," I said as
I sat down conventionally near. "I
have done bo for a month."
"Oh! Perhaps you would rather
I—"
"By no means!" I exclaimed. "The
view is much better— '*
She froze me. Then she laughed. We
were friends by the divine instinct
which tells unerringly whom we are
going to like or hate.
I was glad she had Jumped my claim.
For she was very pretty and her eyes
were the kind that sends a thrill
through your whole being and you
wonder if you are going to live
through it.
c • a •
It was three days after.
"Why didn't you wait for me?" I
asked as I climbed over the rock and
threw myself down beside her.
She opened her brown eyes wide in a
wonderful assumption of surprise.
"How did I know you were com
ing?" she asked.
I was amazed at the nerve of her. As
though I couldV have kept away. As
though the combined police forces of
two continents could have kept me
away. This girl must be disciplined.
"Of course you know," I said con
fidently.
She looked at me and I felt my heart
turn to water. Still I persisted, where
a wise man would have turned the
conversation swiftly to the weather or
the view. "You knew I'd been com
ing every day for a month. You knew
I usually came up about this time. You
knew —then why didn't you allow me
to accompany you—"
She rose. "I'm not coming any
more," she said.
I sprang to my feet in fright.
"Don't!" I pleaded. "I want you to
stay! I—"
She kept her face averted, though I
could see that her cheeks were hot and
; flushed. "Good-by," she said, and was
• gone.
The sun suddenly turned to ink.
Where a moment before had been a
bright scene spreading away below me
was a howling wilderness and I was
tempted to jump off the rock and butt
my empty head against the riverbed
three hundred feet below. I longed to
be a boy again that I might go down
and fight the first kid I ran across.
This was the second day.
• •*•••••
The next Saturday night there was a
quiet dance in -the assembly room of
this famous resort between the high
walls of the Matilija Canyon. I saw
my chance to redeem myself. I would
dance with her and make my peace
while she was so close she would be
compelled to listen, for all the week
she had seemed unaware of my exist
ence.
It was an informal affair l —a country
dance, sans cards and ceremony. I ap
proached the group where Miss Wins
ton was chatting brightly with a golf
stocking Englishman and a Boston
magnate. Miss Winstone saw me com
: ing—I know she did. She looked
through and beyond—far beyond me. I
felt like a perambulating piece of thin
glass which a breath of hers might
shatter.
I stopped suddenly. Of course that j
was it! We had not been properly |
'"presented." What a chump I was. I
■ought diligently for Bobby Jelinski, !
who knew everybody. I didn't find j
him. The band struck up and I saw
her go gliding away with the English
man — bis golf stockings flashing j
among the dancers like two variegated |
comets running amuck along the heav- j
ens of a bright night.
And this was my luck all through
the evening. Try as I would, I got no I
dance from her. I managed a few |
words while she was waiting for her
mother, who was struggling with a I
Mexican mantilla. I gathered that it
was a fine night and that she had en- j
joyed her dance immensely and yes,
California moonlight was far superior !
to anything she had ever seen—and
then she was gone, with the English
man pompously escorting her.
"What's the matter with you. any- !
way?" demanded Bobby Jelinski, who
at the eleventh hour had presented '-.
me.
"Bobby," I said savagely, "will you
kindly go to blazes a few times—and
stay there!"
And this was the third day.
• •*••»•*
A month had passed. The season
A MINUTE WITH THE MERRYMAKERS.
AWFUL*.
She—Hades is a big hotel.
He—That's comforting.
She —Yes; but it's always on Are, and
it has no fire-escapes.
LOWELL O. REESE
was drawing to a close. I had made
no progress. Miss Winston met me on
the ground of easy comradeship,
which obtained at the. springs, where
everybody was dependent upon every
body else for companionship and en
tertainment, but the sweet familiarity
which had come so naturally those
first three days upon the rock seemed,
viewed in the light of the present sit
uation, as a thing I must have
dreamed about—but which never
could have been.
And still the Englishman persisted.
I had come down from the rock and
was wandering aimlessly among the
live oaks on the opposite side of the
canybn, when, happening to glance
across, I saw the flutter of a skirt on
the trail leading up to the rock. I drew
out my field glasses and trained them
on the figure ascending the familiar
trail. It was she! I watched her
climbing with furtive downward
glances. The mystery was solved at
last. Regularly all these unhappy
days I* had been missing her. She
must have been going up there all
these days, waiting always for me to
come down.
Blind rage filled my heart. I would
go ud there and face her with her
guilt! I would reproach her and make
her see the enormity of her offense.
(All this time I was plunging across
the canyon and up the trail.) I would
show her just how far she could go in
breaking a loving heart. I would—
Then as I found I was nearly half
way ud the trail I lost my nerve and
decided to wait and meet her casually
as she came down. I was tired, any
way. I sat down In the shadow of a
great rock which projected from the
hillside. I lit my pipe and wondered
why minutes didn't pass more swiftly.
Certainly she had been there ages. I
put my pipe away. And then —
There she stood in the trail, looking
at me with a gleam In her eyes which
confused me, for I didn't know what
it meant. I had caught It from time
to time all along the way of tribulation
I had traveled for over a month.
"Why didn't you come up, Mr.
Blake?" she inquired, "the view was
excellent to-day."
Was she mocking me? I started to
say something, when from above came
a terrific roar, and glancing up I saw
a huge stone, loosened by some care
less climber, no doubt plunging down
the slope. Miss Winston saw It som
ing and gave a stifled cry, which was
smothered against my breast, for I
had caught her from the trail and
flung her behind the ledge,, jamming
her fiercely against the ground as the
flying monster roared over our heads
and down the canyon side, crashing
trees and stones as it went, till a few
seconds later it struck the bottom of
the abyss with a long, thunderous
crash that echoed up and down the
river like a mighty explosion. Then
all was still.
I turned to the figure in my arms.
She was occupying exactly the same
position as when I flung her behind
the ledge, with her head in the hollow
of my arm.
"Are you hurt?" I asked anxiously.
She shook her head ever so slightly
and kept her face hidden against my
coat. My heart began to beat with a
tumult of hope. "Look at me!" I com
manded.
She raised her face, but her eyes
were averted. She peered over my
shoulder at the depths below. "Is—
is it coming back, I wonder—" she be
gan, and the words were stifled, for
my soul was suddenly illumined with
the surety of my blessed fortune, and
I kissed the red lips, wondering
mightily however I had done without
them for so long.
And that was the fourth day.
(Copyright. 1906. by Lowell O. lUeee.)
A SPORTY SCHOLAR.
Teacher (teaching arithmetic)—lf Jwo
men eat thirty quails in fifteen days,
how many days will it take to eat six
ty-eight quail?
The Tough Little Boy—l got a nickel
wot says dey can't do it.
-a I
The flying monster roared over
our heads.
WHY NOT,
INDEED?
ff F more than one house are called
houses, I
1 And more than one mouse are mice.
Then why are not two mice mouses.
And why are not two houses hice?
If a letter is sent and it goes.
And we know it went when its gone,
Why hasn't it snent when it snows,
Or the money we spent been spone?
If the vine that clings never clanged.
But the Joke that we sprang is sprung,
Why isn't the bell that we ring ranged.
Or the door that is banged shut bung?
A word that we speak is spoken,
Why don't we say it is spake?
Our girl, when a pitcher is broken,
"Ach, Louis!" she says, "it iss break!"
If we lie when we say that we laid
And we lay when we say that we lied.
Why don't we speak of the needles we
played
Or tell of the pieces we plied?
A fish that we catch isn't catched.
And the roof that we thatch isn't
thaught.
Why don't we speak of a thought that
was thatched.
Or hear of an egg that was haught?
If a picture that's hung isn't hanged.
But the man who is hanged isn't hung,
Why isn't the song that we sing sanged.
Or any old thing ever thung?
—Maurice Smiley in Collier's.
VALUE OF A BLOCK
According to figures printed by the
Insurance Press there are blocks in
New York City in which $25,000,000
worth of property would be destroyed
if swept by fire. Chicago, Philadel
phia and Newark come next with
blocks valued at $8,000,000 each. Bos
ton and St. Louis have blocks worth
$7,000,000, and nearly two score other
cities can show similar properties at
values ranging from one to six mil
lions.
In a table showing the rank of
States as buyers of fire insurance, New
York easily leads with more than
$4,000,000,000 a year, while Illinois,
Pennsylvania and Massachusetts buy
protection for more than one billion
dollars' worth of property.
UNLUCKY "RABBIT'S FOOT
A man gave Frederick Staples of
Farmstead, Conn., the left hind foot
of a rabbit, solemnly vowing that the
rabbit waa shot in a cemetery at mid
night.
This a fortnight ago. Staples car
ried the rabbit's mystic foot constant
ly, but his luck did not improve.
While Staples was dressing one
morning the rabbit's foot dropped out
of his pocket without his knowledge.
His wife entered the room and stepped
on the "mascot" Feeling it soft,
furry, yielding to her tread, she jump
ed in fright, shrieking:
"Mouse! Mouse! Help, Fred!
Mouse!"
Sad to say, Mrs. Staples fell and
broke her leg. She will be in bed for
six weeks at least. Staples threw the
rabbit's foot Into the stove.
womeiTmariners
Miss Jane Morgan of Philadelphia
has passed an examination before the
United States steam vessel inspectors,
and they have granted her a master
mariner's certificate, good for "all
oceans." To get such a certificate the
applicant must have sailed as a navi
gating officer on an ocean or coastwise
vessel. Miss Morgan has had such ex
perience on her father's yacht Her
certificate as master mariner attests
her fitness to take command of any
vessel. According' to Captain Patter
son of the New York Nautical College
there are only five female master mar
iners in the world besides Miss Mor
gan. One of these makes her living as
a pilot on the Mississippi, another as a
pilot on the Ohio. Many yachtswomen
are expert navigators. On water or on
land women are showing themselves
the equals of man. —Everybody's Maga
zine for January.
WEAK_SOUP
Sir Perry Sanderson, the British Con
sul General in New York, was talking
on the Etruria about a weak soup.
"As good a description of weak soup
as I know," he said, "came from the
lowly Hps of a poor woman in the East
End of London. She was destitute last
winter, and a parish visitor advised her
to apply for soup at a neighboring soup
kitchen.
"She got some soup, but she did not
like it. This is what she said of it to
the visitor when he called next day:
" 'Do you call that stuff soup? Why,
all they do Is to get a quart of water
and boll it down to a pint to make it
strong.' "—Baltimore Herald.
THERE ARE: OTHERS.
Mrs. Kidder—l keep three cooks.
Mrs. As kit—Three cooks!
Mrs. Kidder—Yes; one here, one com
ing and One going.
THE SMART SET
SALLY SHARP
Miss Blanche Bates will be the
guest of honor at a dinner this even
ing given by Richard Hotaling at the
Bohemian Club. The air Is to be re
dolent with things and effects Japan
ese, decorations of cherry flowers,
chrysanthemums, lanterns, with the
Oriental punk to tinge the whole.
Quests from the walks of private life
will be costumed in accordance with
the surroundings, though Miss Bates"
fellow players will be conventional!/
garbed. Among the diners will be
Miss Bates, Mrs. Ella Hotaling, Miss
Preston of Canada, Dr. and Mrs. Cole,
Mr. and Mrs. Benning, Mr. Ormonde
and>4-iaurence Harris.
00m
Miss Beatrice Fife entertained Miss
Irene Sabin as guest of honor at v
luncheon yesterday, covers being laid
for twenty-four, and the decorations
all of a beautiful and unique charac
; ter. Chinese symbols, ideas and art
I reigned supreme, giving the dintng
| room and tables, of which there were
two large round ones, an entirely :or
eign appearance. Miss Sabin was the
j recipient of much attention. The
1 guests who assembled to bid her bon
j voyage were Mrs. Redmond Payne,
j Miss Pearl Sabin, Miss Warren, Miss
I Mary Marriner, Miss Alice Borel, Miss
Sophie Borel, Miss Lottie Woods, M'S3
Maud Woods, Miss Maye Colburn,
Miss Norma Castle, Miss Elsa Draper,
Miss Eugenic Hawes, Miss Bessie
j Wilson, Miss Belle Harmes, Miss Jape
I Wilshire, Miss Edna Middleton, Miss
Georgie Spieker, Miss Jessie Fillmore,
Miss Jeanette Deal, Miss Amy Gunn,
i Miss BeTknap, Miss Florence Cole and
Mrs. Laurence Foster.
• • *
When "The Liars" is presented at the
Columbia on the 26th of this month
there will be a crowded house to greet
It. Every day one hears of more par
ties being formed to witness the play,
surrounding which there is much inter
est. The cleverness and pith of the
. Henry Jones comedy will be well
I brought out by the cast that is to
! handle it. All are experienced ama
! teurs and a few, Including Lloyd
j Lowndes, Miss Jolllffe and Frank
i Mathieu, have had professional advan
tages. The dramatis personae are as
follows: Sir Christopher, Dr. J. Wilson
Shlels; Falkner, Lloyd Lowndes; Gil
j bert Nepean, H. McD. Spencer; George
i Nepean, Thomas Eastland; Freddie
j Tatton, William Smith; Archie Coke,
;R. W. Hotaling; French waiter, Roy
l den Williamson; Lady Jessica, Frances
! Jolllffe; Lady Rosamund, Mrs. Mark
Gerstle; Dolly Coke, Mrs. Frank
Mathieu; Beatrice Ebernoe, Mrs. J.
Wilson Shlels; Mrs. Creshin, Mrs. H.
McD. Spencer. Frank Mathieu is di
recting the play every day at the Oc
j cldental Hotel. The Vallejo naval club
j house will derive all the proceeds of the
' production, concerning which these pa
tronesses are earnestly interested: Mrs.
McCalla. Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs.
j William G. Irwin, Mrs. William S.
Tevis, Mrs. George Oulton, Mrs. Her
bert Folger, Mrs. C. A. Coolidge, Mrs.
Arthur Mac Arthur, Mrs. J. F. Boyd,
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
A chic little frock of mingled red and gray silk, trimmed with
bands, girdle and applique of red velvet. The wrist puffs
are of gray silk, shirred on a rubber cord to At closely.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
DENTAL SURGEONS—A Subscriber,
City. For information relative to the
examinations for dental surgeons for
the navy address a letter of inquiry to
the Navy Department, Washington,
D. C.
SHOCKS—A. C. W., City. Some of
the shocks that have been felt In San
Francisco recently have been occa
sioned by tremblings of the earth and
others by heavy blasts In the new tun
nel of the Southern Pacific Railroad.
ASSYRIANS—G. H. 8., City. In the
ethnology of Assyria It Is stated that
the Assyrians have been assigned by
some ethnologists to the Aryan race,
but It is now generally acknowledged
that they were a branch of the Semitic
family of nations and therefore mem
bers of the same grand division as the
Mrs. Lucy Otis. Mrs. William jaciwu
trick, Mrs. William Ashburner, Mrs.
Maurice Casey. Mrs. J. M. Goewey, Mrs.
G. H. Mendell, Mrs. F. Pflngst and Mrs.
J. F. Merrill. Special arrangement has
been made with Charles Frohman for
the production of this comedy, the sale
of seats to begin on January 24 at the
box office of the Columbia Theater.
• • •
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Ethel Wallace and Charles Fickert.
Miss Wallace gave a tea yesterday at
her Gough street home and communi
cated the pleasant news. She is the
daughter of J. H. Wallace, and Mr.
Fickert is assistant attorney in the
United States Attorney's office.
• • •
The wedding of Miss Jessie Burn-.,
and Horatio F. Stoll took place last
evening at 8:30 in Calvary Presbyterian
Church. The bride, leaning on the
arm of her father, Robert Buroa, was
very lovely in her soft white robes of
lace over chiffon and silk. The veli,
one her mother wore at her wedding,
gave the finishing touch to the beauty
of this bride, who is a very pretty maid
of the demi-blonde type. White char
acterized the entire wedding. The
bridesmaids were in white messaline
silk, and the decorations were of St.
Joseph lilies. Miss Florence Rochat,
maid of honor, wore an exquisite white
panne chiffon velvet. The bridesmaids
were Miss Ellen Page, Miss Florence
Boyd, Miss Emily Rochat, Miss Marthe
Chevret, Miss Alice Bray, Miss Eliza
beth Dufficy. Dr. Robert Burns served
as best man, with Dr. Frederick
Fritsche, Dr. Paul Burns, Ernest
Rochat, James Firth. John Beatty
and Edgar Jones as ushers.
A very quiet reception for the rela
tives and bridal party followed at the
California Hotel. After a short wed
ding trip Mr. and Mrs. Stoll will re
side In San Francisco. ,
• • •
Miss Louise Whitney of Santa Bar
bara was the guest of honor at a tea
given yesterday by Mrs. Edward B.
Young. Miss Whitney Is the fiancee of
Harry Young.
m -0 m
Miss Georgie Spieker was given a
farewell tea yesterday afternoon by
Miss Alice Dray, who was assisted in
receiving by Miss Spieker, Miss Amy
Porter, Miss Ruth Gedney, Miss Lalla
Wenzelburger and Miss Mary Small.
Miss Spieker leaves on Sunday with her
parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Spieker, for
an extended European trip.
■ * c
Among Del Monte visitors during the
past week were Mr. and Mrs. Henry
U. Brandenstein, Rev. Mr. and Mrs.
Clampett and Mr. and Mrs. Chester G.
Chlpchase.
0 0 0
The wedding of Miss Ellse Avis
Thall. daughter of the late Mark Thall,
to Mr. Rlsbrough of Philadelphia took
place very auietly on Thursday of last
week at the Roanoke Hotel. Mra. W. J.
Dyer was matron of honor and Lieu
tenant R. W. Briggs of Philadelphia
best man. Only relatives and Intimate
friends were' present at the cer
mony.
the Phoenicians, with their
colonies, the Jews and the modern Ara
bians. The original races, variously
called Scythlc, Turanian, or Tartar, ap
pear to have once been spread over
the whole space from the Caucasus to
the Indian Ocean and from the Medit
erranean To the mouth of the Ganges
For further information relative* to
these people visit the Free Public Li
brary and consult works on ethnology
or some of the cyclopedias.
Townaend's California Glace fruits in
artiatic Are-etched bnxea 718 Market st«
Store Wanted.
We must move Feb. L Townsend'a
California Qlaee Fruits, 715 Market at •
Special Information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by thn
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). I •Cali
fornia street Telephone Mala 100, •
iSCHOOLS WILL
BE REORGANIZED
Hoard of Education Acts
. oil Complaint of Teachers
Against Principal Lyser
WILL TRANSFER TUTORS
Accused Pedagogue Puts In
His Defense and Plan Is I
Adopted to Secure Peace!
As a result of the complaint made by
twelve teachers of the James Lick
Grammar School against Principal Al
bert Lyser the Board of Education yes
terday decided to effect a reorganiza
tion of the school so as to make it
strictly a grammar school. To do this
five classes of the primary grades will
be' transferred bodily to the Noe Valley
School, and the grammar grade classes
of the latter school will be moved to the
James Lick School.
In effecting the reclassification several
of the teachers who requested the
board to transfer them to some other
school If Lyser were permitted to re
main as principal of the James Lick
School will have their wishes gratified.
' Lyser appeared at the rooms of the
board Immediately after the regular
meeting. He made a request that he
be allowed to put in his defense in ex
ecutive session, which was granted, the
representatives of the press retiring
from the room. After the session Pres
ident Roncovieri announced that the
reclassification noted would be carried
out in the interest of harmony. During
the conference Lyser said that the
troubles in the school were the result
of the forming of a clique of teachers
from whom he exacted at all times the
strictest compliance with the rules,
which they resented.
."If you wish to consult my personal
comfort and ease, said Lyser to the
School Directors, "please transfer me
■ to some other school at once."
The board did not grant Lyser's re
quest, but directed Superintendent
Langdon to Investigate the complaints
of educational errors alleged by the
. teachers to have been made by Lyser.
These include hfs disregard of arithme
tic and grammar and his making his
tory the paramount study, and the
charge that he did not devote the re
quired time to teaching in the classes.
MAN V TEACHERS ASSIGNED.
The board formally made the follow
ing eight assignments of teachers from
the day substitute list, subject to the
'.usual two years' probationary period:
Mrs. Geraldine D. Boyle, to the Starr
King: Mabel Stuart, to the Bernal Pri
mary; Miss Grace Sullivan, to the
Franklin Grammar; Miss Grace Kilpat
.rick, to the Irving Primary; Miss May
Kerns, to the Lafayette Primary; Miss
Lillian Clarkson, to the Jefferson Pri
mary; Miss Margaret Johnson, to the
Fr&nltltn Grammar, and Miss EmeMe
Cert, from the Bernal Primary to the j
Sutro Primary.
The following transfers and assign
ments were ordered to take effect Jan
uary 16, 1905: Miss Annie Silverberg,
from the Humboldt Primary to the
.Spring Valley Grammar; Miss Mar
garet G. Noon, from the Clement
Grammar to the Mission Grammar,
Miss Josephine Frank, from the James
Lick Grammar to the Clement Gram
mar; Thomas J. Rossman, from the
Horace Mann Grammar to the Ber
nal Primary. Mrs. I. M. Lytton, from
the Starr King Primary to the Mon
roe Primary; Miss J. Levy, from the
Parental School to the Franklin Gram
mar; Miss Minnie McKinnon, from the
Horace Mann Grammar to the Lincoln
.Grammar; Mrs. A. F. McManus, from
.the Lincoln Grammar to the Parental
. Schooi; Miss Georgiana G. Hawkins,
from the Franklin Grammar to the
Adams Cosmopolitan Grammar, to take
charge of the French class.
.• The petition of Superintendent Doyle
that an assistant teacher of manual
' .training be appointed for the Fair
mount District was filed.
TWO TEACHERS RETIRED.
The board adopted a resolution retir
ing at their own request Miss Kate
Elliott and Miss E. G. Grant as teach
. ers Jn the department to receive the
maximum annuity allowed under said
law for thirty years of service in the
• public schools of this city, pursuant to
• the terms and provisions of the legis
lative act. Both teachers filed their res
ignations, which were accepted.
•Leaves of absence were granted to
Jfellle Maloney, M. E. Dougherty, May
Nolan, Charles Ham, May Arnold. Ma
ris Geary, Annette Murphy, Ella Mc-
Keeley. Miss Irene Furlong was elect
ed a teacher in the department, and
assigned to the Commercial High
School, vice Miss Natalie Roth, trans
ferred; subject to the usual probation
ary period of two years.
The resignation of T. F. Bagan as
storekeeper of the Board of Education
waa accepted. He had been appointed
.Public Works Commissioner. His sue
• cessor waa not appointed, but it Is said
that James de Succa, secretary of the
Park Board, will be transferred.
NEW BERGEROT SCHOOL.
School Director Boyle recommended
the building of a four-room school
house on the Bergerot Schooi lot, where
the school conditions, he said, were
worse than anywhere else in the city.
• Boyle produced plans for the building
to cost $1500, and was supported In his
recommendation by Superintendent
langdon. Boyle was delegated to con
! r with Auditor Baehr to arrange for
the use of any funds available for the
purpose.
Mi.< 3 Marion Michener, a special
teacher of drawing- In the Girls' High
• School, was elected a regular teacher
on the usual probation.
The resignation of Mrs. McAullffe as
Janltress of the Peabody School was
accepted.
T. \V. Woods was appointed Janitor
°f the Rincon School, vice Miss Nel
lie Harvey, transferred to the Peabody
School.
SWITCH ENGINES ARE NOISY.—The
iwcrcnantß' Association notified the Supervisor!
>etterday that complaint has been made of
unnecessary noiee caused by the switch en
riEf the ra "road freight district of this
iiL„ ? as " ' iatlon asks that some way be
discovered to abate the nuisance.
A remedy especially designed for the
treatment of all kidney, liver, stomach
and bowel troubles is Lash's Bitters. •
EGAN'S BONDS
NOT APPROVED
Auditor Baehr Refuses to Ac
cept Personal Sureties of
New Works Commissioner
NOT ON THE TAXROLL
Official Must Furnish Item
ized List of Properties
Owned by Two Bondsmen
Auditor Baehr yesterday refused to
approve the official bond for $25,000 of
fered by the newly appointed Commis
sioner of pAlic Works, Thomas F.
Egan. Baehr assigned as his reasons
for his action that the personal sureties
furnished by Egan are not on the as
sessment roll.
Egan's sureties as stated in the
bond are Edward McGary and M. A.
Murphy. After a careful investigation
Baehr ascertained that the only Ed
ward McGary in the city directory and
on the assessment roll died several
months ago. This McGary is down for
an assessment on about $100,000 worth
of property, but as he is dead Baehr
assumes that he is not qualified to act
as a bondsman for a city official.
Baehr could not find the name of M.
A, Murphy on the assessment roll as
qualified to act as surety for a bond of
$25,000. He found that Mary A, Mur
phy was assessed for about $1100 worth
of property and a Margaret A. Mur
phy is down for $580. As soon as Baehr
collected his information he sent for
Egan, who, after some questioning,
admitted that he did not know his
bondsmen personally.
"My bonds were secured by friends
of mine and I do not know them," said
Eagan.
Baehr notified Egan that he would
not accept the bond until the property
owned by the sureties had been desig
nated and itemized thereon. Egan's
bond was acknowledged before James
L. King on January 7, 1905, and was
regularly signed by both Murphy and
McGary.
Edward H. Algeltinger, Commissioner
ot Public Works, has his official bond
already prepared, with Charles S. Lau
meister and Adolph Spreckels as sure
ties for $25,000 each. Algeltinger says
he has twenty days to file his bond
with the Auditor, but will do so before
the expiration of that period.
The ten days from the time of notice
given by a surety company that it de
sired to withdraw from the official
bonds of Works Commissioner Maes
tretti has expired and under the law he
will have to file a new bond. He will
also secure personal sureties, as no
surety company desires to assume the
risk in view of the liability of the Com
missioners for damages for accidents
from defective streets and sidewalks.
Table d'hote lunch at Terrace Garden.
121 to 137 Mason, 11:10 to tp. ra. 40c. •
TWO MEN FIND DEATH
BY GAS SUFFOCATION
One Kills Himself While Demented
and the Other Is Asphyxiated In
a Lodging-House.
Alexander Zenger, a native of Rus
sia, 62 years old, killed himself by in
haling illuminating gas early yester
day morning in his room at 12 Rondel
place. He had been acting queerly for
several days and at 8 o'clock on
Wednesday evening his wife and
daughter found him in the parlor with
one end of a rubber tube In his mouth
and the other end affixed to an open
gas burner. They discovered him be
fore any serious results had occurred
and took the tube away from him.
Upon his promising that he would not
make any further attempt upon his
life he was allowed to retire to his
room. At 2 o'clock yesterday morn
ing his wife and daughter, attracted
by the odor of escaping gas, forced
an entrance Into his room and found
him dead in bed. Gaa was escaping
from an open burner.
Joseph Amorosa waa overcome by
gas in a lodging-house at Stockton and
Broadway on Tuesday, and was taken
to his home, 1213 Kearny street
He died at 2 o'clock yesterday morn
ing. The authorities have not been
able to ascertain whether his death
was accidental or a suicide.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Erir FASHIONABLE Pf JD C
Every Price Sharply Reduced—Our Third Floor Is Now A
...A BIG BARGAIN SPOT.., .
SMART FUR NECKPIECES a
Small Fancy Neck Furs—Four-in-Hands—Boas—and Stoles &JmWmWKMmL
in every proper lengrth and in every correct fur. jjmmm\w **'jTmM
ALL 20 PER CENT OFF NOW \
Or In other words every price will he just r .Tpp^^WlHilsf^
one-fi ih less than usual during this sale / J^M^Hjff^/
ELEGANT FUR. JACKETS c *»#^a
Genuine Scalskin-Nearscal-Mink-Aitrakhan-Persian Lamb—and Broadtail. WlWltfe*^s^
ALL PER CENT OFF NOW Ji^PP^
Or in other words every price will be just
/ one-tbrd less than usual during this sale mWmTm V^kmWm^^iM:
HANDSOME FUR CAPES Lmm^WA
In every popular style and length. mm Hk
ALL 50 PER CENT OFF NOW 1 1
Or in other words every price wQI be just MM
on u -ha!f less than usual during this sale fl LW
Reduced prices here have extraordinary value, because our regular prices are the lowest la the \ W'mM*
city—because exaggeration is never permitted—because only trustworthy furs are sold. MW
Better come promptly. It Interested —the sooner the better. We never had such a ■
fine season—never sold so many furs—never had go few left for our January Clearance Sale, mm Mr'
I
■^^^^^^^^^^^^^™^FW^ ______________
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1905.
NEW EVIDENCE
ON PARENTAGE
Attorney Bergerot Testifies
to Statement by Monnier
Acknowledging Paternity
TRIAL IS NOT ENDED
Contestant Offers Evidence
Rebutting Testimony of
the Widow's Witnesses
The trial of the Monnier will con- j
test in Judge Graham's court did not
end as expected yesterday, the contest
ant having a line of witnesses in re
buttal who occupied the day, but it is
promised that the last of the testimony
will be heard on Monday. Another in
timation of the problematical parent
age of George Monnier Jr. was brought
out in the examination of P. A. Ber
gerot, the attorney, who waa an ac
quaintance of the deceased liquor mer
chant. He testified that, during the
trial of the younger Monnier's divorce
case, he met the elder Monnier in the
corridors at the City Hall. Monnier
asked if Bergerot had read the ac
counts of the trial, and asked his opin
ion thereupon. Bergerot, according *to
his statement, expressed surprise that
George Jr. was the wlneman's son, and
the father replied—Bergerot gave the
French phrase—that the boy "was the
child of the sins of his youth."
Heretofore a witness in the case has
testified that there was a certain serv
ant girl from Alsace in the Monnier
household in 1878. She waa described
as an attractive blonde and there were
rumors about her. Mrs. Monnier, the
widow, declared on the Btand that she
had no servant in that or the following
year. Yesterday Mrs. Augusts Bolte,
who said that she took her meals in the
Monnier house in 1878, swore that there
was an Alsatian maid, blonde and
named Lottie, in the Monnier service at
that time. She was asked regarding
the rumor which might throw a light
on the mystery of the contestant's ma
ternity, but Judge Graham sustained
an objection to the question, and the
gossip was not related.
George Jr. was on the stand again
and denied several of the stories of his
abuse of his father. He also said that
Monnier Sr. and his wife taught him to
play poker for the drinka when he was
13, and that he shook dice for his
father over the bar when he waa 15.
The contestant's wife was recalled and
gave a different version of some of the
incidents related by her putative moth
er-in-law. A, K. Henry, father of
Violette Monnier, told of his daughter's
good habits and ambitions, and refuted
many of the charges made against her.
Cassimir Felix, who worked for and
was discharged by Monnier, required
the services of interpreter Courvoisler
to tell of the quarrels he had witnessed
between father, mother and son. He
said that when the boy asked Monnier
for money he got it unless Mrs. Mon
nier was around to make trouble.
Riis at Press Club.
Jacob Riis. the newspaper man,
author and leoturer, will address the
members of the Press Club to-night.
He will treat of his experiences as a
newspaper reporter in New York. It
was while in the capacity of a news
gatherer for one of the New York
dailies that he became the friend of
President Roosevelt. The narrative
of his experiences as a reporter is
said to be the most interesting of
Riis' talks.
The Onion Sisters
Give a chicken dinner, at which
Johnny String-bean comes very near
being a truest. In next Sunday's
Comic Section.
Governor Receives Resolutions.
The Board of Supervisors yester
day received a communication from'
Governor Pardee acknowledging; re
ceipt of a letter acquainting; him with
the fact that the board on January 8
adopted resolutions relative to the
submission of a constitutional amend
ment concerning; depositaries for pub
lic funds. The Governor writes: "The
matter referred to in these resolutions
is one which has engaged my atten
tion and will continue to engragre it"
PIPER MUST PAY
OR GO TO JAIL
Judge Sloss Orders Him Com
mitted Until $600 Over
due Alimony Is Produced
BENCH WARRANT ISSUED
»
Court Does Not Believe Plea
That Weil-Known Shipping
Man Is Without Means
A stay of execution for forty-eight
hours o# an order adjudging him guilty
of contempt of court, did not assist Ar
thur L. Piper In making up his mind
'to pay alimony to ,his divorced wife,
and yesterday Judge Sloss signed an
order for his arrest and imprisonment
until the alimony is paid. Piper was
the secretary of the Piper-Aden-Ooodall
Company. In June last his wife ob
tained an interlocutory decree of di
vorce with an order for alimony. On
September 30 he was $626 behind in his
payments and since then there have
been continual hearings on orders to
show cause why the money was not
produced. Arthur H. Barendt, attorney
for Mrs. Piper, said It was shown that
Piper had drawn $900 a month from
his business up to the time of the
divorce proceedings. Soon after Piper
lost his position as secretary and he
pleaded that he was without funds or
property. On Tuesday Judge Sloss
found that he was able to pay the
money and found him guilty of con
tempt, but on the pleading of his attor
ney a stay was granted which expired
yesterday morning and the commitment
was signed.
William Downing yesterday sued far
an annulment of his marriage with
Sadie Downing*, on the ground that he
was under eighteen and had contracted
the union **lthout his parents' consent.
He says further that he married under
the name of John Franklin and his
wife as Mary Hoyt, both names being
fictitious. The ceremony waa per
formed in 1898.
Judge Troutt annulled the marriage
of E. W. Strassburg and Leta Strass
burg, which occurred In 1898. She had
another husband and had been in
formed by letter that he had drowned
In Australia. She believed It until
she met him on the sctreeta of
San Francisco two years ago. She has
not seen him nor lived with her second
spouse since.
Divorces were granted as follows:
By Judge Troutt to Minnie V. Parker
from John Parker, neglect; by Judge
Murasky to Corabel Martin from Henry
S Martin, intemperance; by Judge
Seawell to Margurite M. Rester from
Paul Rester, desertion and neglect; by
Judge Hebbard to Charles H. Diamond
from Eliza Diamond, desertion; by
Judge Sloss to Margaret F. Butler
from William A. Butler, extreme
cruelty.
Suits for divorce were begun by War
ren A Lester against Florence E. Les
ter, desertion; Helen Proton against
Edward Protou, desertion; Edith O.
Childs against Jerome 8. Chllds, neg
lect and Infidelity; Rose Doran against
George W. Doran, Intemperance.
ADELIA HESTHAL OF
HOTEL SAVOY FAILS
Leaves Debts Amounting to More
Than $20,000, With Assets Re
ported Nearly Equal.
Adelia Hesthal of the Hotel Savoy
filed a petition In the United States
District Court yesterday asking that
she be declared an Insolvent. Her
liabilities were stated at $20,904, and
her assets at $20,819. The principal
creditors are the Provident Savin*
and Assurance Society of New York,
due on policies, $2360; A. Aronson,
San Francisco, $2000, secured by
chattel mortgage on $20,000 worth of
house furnishings; Louis Metzger,
$8250, same security; Lemoine & Co..
poultry, butter and eggs, $2192; C
Naumann. fruit $600; P. Mlchelet,
meat, $920; Paladinl & Co., fish, $599;
J. Labrucherrie, milk. $669. The re
maining creditors are for sums less
than $500. The assets are $20,819," of
which $20,000 worth are represented
by household goods and $819 by sol
vent credits. The remaining asset is
a one-year lease of the hotel from
January 1, 1905, to January 1, 1906.
Samuel Whaley, a farmer of San
Joaquin County, also filed a petition.
He owes $2169 and has $378 assets.
JURY BELIEVES
IT BLACKMAIL
Marsilio Vanni, Machinist, Is
Acquitted on the Charge of
Having Counterfeiter's Die
HIS WIFE SAVES HIM
Witness Testifies That Two
Italians Conspired to Get
Money From the Defendant
Marslllo Vanni, a machinist with a
chop at 810 Sansome street, was ac
quitted yesterday by a jury on the
charge of having in his possession a
steel die for the coinage of sliver dol
lars.
About a year ago the woman who is
now Mrs. Vanni left him because of
cruel treatment and took up with Giu
seppe Carossl, under whose protection
she remained for eleven days. Carossi
and his chum Francis Visciglio testi
fied that the woman brought with her
the steel die and informed them that
she had taken it from Vanni. Accord
ing to their story they took the die to
Attorney A. B. Treadwell and he ad
vised them to notify the secret service
men. Treadwell telephoned to George
W. Hazen, United States secret service
agent. Shortly afterward Carossl and
Visciglio went into Vanni's workshop
and gave him the die. When they had
left the shop Agent Hazen entered and
found the die in Vanni's pocket.
The defense was that Carossl and
Visciglio had demanded $600 as black
mail from Vanni. The woman subse- !
quently married Vanni. She testified
yesterday that the story about her
having given the die to Carossi and
Visciglio was a falsehood and that she
had never seen the die. J. Semerla
testified that Carossl and Visciglio had j
attempted to blackmail Vanni.
SUES HER LAWYERS.—Sarah J. Nicola
yesterday sued the law firm of Crosby A Ryker
for an accounting. She alleges that she em
ployed them to perform certain services for her
in January. 1802, and that they have collected
more than $3000, which they have appropriated
to their own use.
Ap\ 7 ERTISEMEyTS.
Skin Diseases
are cured by
Hydrozone
▼ and
Glycozoive
Endorsed by the Medical Profession.
By destroying germs, they as
sist nature to accomplish a cure.
Send thirty-five cents to pay ex
pressage on Free Trial Bottles.
Bald by leading Dnaggtats.
Wat g—slss wmw\ tmm bean ay «tgaa«ue:
flO Prtnoe Street, K. Y.
Writ* tmr rr*#> Infbrraattea aboa t
BTBawiem »■« siTcmww,
VnUn* DON'T FAIL TO
raidce , cc beautiful
j COURT Lounging
5111 ll room, the EM PI R E
uu% * Parlor, the
n J PALM ROOM, the
LOUIS XV PAR.
UIUUU LOR, and the LA-
D DIES* WRITING
Hotels |«° om 
i DDTTCUCO FOR BARBERS, BAK-
DilUjilLO er »- bootblacks, bath
houses, billiard tables.
: brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries paper,
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BEOS.,
Brash Maantaotnrsrs. 609 Sacramento 81.
0\ ma ■ ■ gm\ Ammunition, Hunting and
■ I||K|V" Sporting goods. Largest
las I I 111 tu > c *- Lowest prices. Send
111 ImW m\m fcr catalogue.
UUII VmT KHREVE a BARBER CO.,
738 Market st and 821
Kearny at.
AMUSEMENTS.
! LYCEUM THEATER
> 7th and Market, Odd Fellows' Bldg.
3 Big Shows Daily
MATINEES 2:30 to 5.
EVENINGS 730 and 9 O'Clock.
THE STAR TRIO, FOUR OLI FAN 8,
TALE DUO, 6ALLIE RANDALL.
CHARLES RICHARDS.
MONTGOMERT, WARD AND CANTOR.
NEW AtOTIJ. PIC i URjB.
Matinees 10c. Children So.
BTaalnga 100 and aoe.
B LYRIC HALL, Will Oreeabaum
■ burton holmes
1 TRAVELOGUES
■n KagaiflMat olorsd V.swi, Motion Pictnres
| TO-NIGHT AT 8:15
I "ROU D LONDON."
m To-nwroi <at. at 3, 'Yosemfte V.illey'
P\§ To-morrow Evening; at 8:16 and Monday.
Ml Jan. 16. "IRELAND."
I 83TSINOW M SALE
WM At SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'B.
um\ Raclig!
New Jockey
California Club
OAKLAND TRACK.
Racine every week day, rain or shine.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Adam Andrew Selling- Stakes. S3OOO Add
ed, to Be maa Saturday, January 14.
For special trains stopping at the track take
S. P. Kerry, foot of Market street, at 12:00,
12:80, 1:00, 1:80 or 2:00. Returning trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:46 p. m. and Im
mediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
m PRAGERS
Friday Surprise N0.26
Price* for to-day on v. Ho C. 0 D. ~r c o-efers.
gaf g a/ns (g Prettily Decorated Chinaware
(Third Floor)
Every one of the lines of goods represented by these
items is worth two and three times our special price for to-day.
10o—Decorated Pie Plate*. \ mm
16o—Decorated Dinner Plates. J a?
loo—Decorated Oatmeal Bowls. / P% Mr 1
loo —Decorated Fruit Saucers. \ \\
loo—Decorated China Salts and Peppers. / *MW
12c—Decorated Breakfast Plates. I
loo—Polished Glass Fruit Saucers. 1 f -> r U
10o—Fine Engraved Tumblers. / fcaCfl
Crepe de Chine Suvio Gas heater
(Main Floor) Thjg t «bird
This material is 34 inches Heater can be
wide with a bright, glossy finish, eas, t ly c a^ ch e t d joW^^f?%\
and is being sh&wn in black, a nd wilf* give
white, navy, cardinal, tan, gray, "rath jj o a
old rose and golden brown; reg- roo m. They sold
ularly 75c a yard; never JL £■ regul a r ly at c&SE2>
before as, a mf*§£ o'nfy them to We
Women's Cape Collars Turkish Towels
(Main Floor) (Main Floor)
These collars are 6 inches deep A great Friday Surprise Is a
and made of Venise lace that is Xurkish Towe i made witt heavy
a good imitation of the real Irish
Point; there are some very double thread and 18x36
stylish rose patterns; FQ- mc het in size. We offer Q r
the color is cream only; ZW L
worth 755; special at.. | it to-day at
Slightly Soiled j
Sheet Music Li s 8 P e eStTt A rcg . u !". 5 :: 00 .. 9 50^
(Third Floor) Kirk , B g oap __ 3 cakeg R
Sold regularly at 25c. box—special at 10c
Including all the latest popular Whisk Brooms—Regularly 15c;
songs, special at 10c
f ¥\ 4 1 Horlick's Malted Milk—Hospital
j / O'UBV JZ2C s«e-regularly $3.75; sgedal
Spun Glass [ iSSk "' J Tennis
Linings 11 Flannels
(Main Floor) 1 I I MM 'Main Floor)
This Lining Is jM M M LA AHA. IL II £, lne , Term "
86 Inch*, wide WW ♦ In
—cornea In SWMrWr * pretty blue
color* ax.d m fll ' * stripes. sult
blaclc and Is I|L -A. RELIABLE able fordrease.
SH^Sff MARKET *</ONESSTS Ss£g
day. a yard. , . J a >«w<l.
«ff 4% A I the shopping indue, ments that have
J«wC I /na</a fA/t afore popular ar9 still hire, j */C
AMUSEMENTS.
UULUMDIA LEADING IHEAitf
THIS WEEK. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
FREDERICK KATHRYN
WARDEs KIDDER
In Wagencali and Kemper's Stupendous Scenic
Production of Stanislaus Stance's
6ALAMMBO
...NEXT WEEK..,
wa^HOPPER
ft "A COUNTRY MOUSST,"
And a One-Act Flay. "CAPTAIN JANUARY."
SEATS NOW SELLING.
f CALIFORNIA \
EDWARD ACKERMAN, LESSEE and
MANAGER.
BLACK PATTI
TROUBADOURS
To-NIght—CHAMPIONSHIP
DANCING CONTEST.
To-morrow Night—GREAT CAKE
•WALK —Open to all Comers.
NEXT SUNDAY
Return of the Famous and Original
JOSEPH MURPHY
The Veteran Legitimate Irish Comedian,
In His Greatest Irish Play,
THEKEKRYGOW
irfWOllmtit
GRAND ,
OPERA
IN ITALIAN.
RESERVED SEATS NOW SELLING.
PRICES —$2. $150. $1. 50c. „„_
REPERTOIRE—This Evening, ' BARBER ,
OF SEVILLE," with Tetraszinl as Roeina;
Saturday Matinee. "LA TOSCA"; Saturday
Evening, "RIGOLETTO"; Sunday Evening.
RUSTICANA" and "PPAG
.LIACCI." Repertoire Next Week-Monday
Evening Theater Closed; Tuesday, XUCIA J
Wednesday "MANON ; Thursday, TRAVI
ATA" t Friday. "MANON."
| ALCAZARW
TO-NIGHT—Mata. Sat. am* sua,
First Time in Stock—Joseph Arthur's Indiana
Comedy,
LOST RIVER
With the Bicycle Race, the Flight on Horse
back and Wonders of Realism.
BvgS.. 25c to 76c. Mats. Sat. A- Sun., 280 to SOo
i
NEXT MON. —First San Francisco Production
of Clyde Fitch's Comedy,
THE GIRL AND THE JUDGE
JAB. 19—Ibsen Matinee—"GHOSTS"
CENTRAL'™-'
Market Street. Near Eighth... Phone South 583
BAI "IT IS TO LAUCrH?" HA I
Central Theater Stock Co.
HA I MINSTRELS! HA!
End Men: HERSCHEL
MAYALL, HENRY BHU
HAI MER. D. HALIFAX. BAI
JAMES CORRIGAN, E.
HOWELL. BEN T. DIL
, LON. Interlocutor. GEO. »*,
BAI p WEBSTER.
Acts — Songs — Special
ties — Dancing! . ,
BAI Prices—Eve.. 10c to 60s. •
Mats., 10c. 16c, 26c.
HA! "IT IS TO LAUGH!" HA I
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS
Fischer's Theater
1 HIGH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE.
Commencing With MONDAY, January t.
EVERY LADY Attending the MATINEE PER
FORMANCES Will Be Presented With
A BEAUTIFUL AND COSTLY SOUVENIR,
SEATS, 10c and 2ee; CHID REN 10a,
AMUSEMENTS.
H. W. BISHOP, Lease* and Manager.
CLOBINO PERFORMANCES.
2Cc and BOc—Matinee To-morrow—2sc and 800
IT IS A STUPENDOUS SUCCESS AND THE
TALK OF THE CITY.
HOWARD GOULD—J. H. GILMOUR
And Majestic Players In
ELLA WHEELER WILCOX and LUSCOMBH
SEARELLE'S Great Poetical Drama,
M IZPAH
Or THE STORY OF ESTHER.
The Drama of the Decade.
Next—Bishop's Players In "ALL THE OOM
FORTS OF A HOME."
ENTIRE NEW SHOW!
CRESSY and DAYINE
Presenting "TOWIT HALL TO-NIGHT" |
Eleanor Falke; Cbasslno; Klue gad
Gotthold; K. v. Fitasrereld. ud Or
pheum Motion Pictures, snowing- "The
Land of th* Hldnlght Sun."
Last Times of Miss Hits, Allen sad Com
pany; The Four Bards, and Douglas
and Ford.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices—loc, 25e
and 50c.
GRAND Ssi
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
Blanche Bates
In THE DARLING OF THE 6 DS
B C. N XT UN AY MAT
JOHN C. FISHER'S STUPENDOUS MU
SICAL PRODUCTION,
THE SILVER SLIPPER
pr/cc«^ r 50c, 75c, $.00
A Splendid Shew Every Afternoon and
Even In (T la the Heated Theater.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE JOHNS I OWN FLOOD
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLB
RARE AND INTERESTING ANIMALS
IN THE ZOO.
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN
SA TUBS AT ABB SUNDAY NIGHTS.
ar>MISSION..t....IOo [ CHILDREN Se
MISUEUUANEOUS AMUSEMENTS
CADSKI
Farewell Concert, Alhambra Theater
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNO3N at 2:30
POPULAR PRICES—7Sc, $1, $160.
Box Seats,
NOW ON SALE
At Sherman. Clay A Co.'s, where complete
programmes may be obtained.
Mail orders must be accompanied by
check or money order.
NEXT—DE PACHMANN.
t
LANB LECTURES,
COOP-*? M' D . L
Corner Sacramento and Webster St a.
FRIDAY EVENING. January 13, I
At S O'clock,
OR, E/VW ET RIXF'ORO
Subject: "VACCINATION AND ANTI-VAC
CINATION MOVEMENTS."
ADMISSION IS FREE.
YAI. T. HESS,
Votary Public and Attorney-at-Law.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus SpreckeU bid*.
Telephone Main HB3.
1 Residence, 1802 McAllister at
Residence Telephone Pace 04*1
910
Dogs Will Contest FOR CHAMPION STAKE at To-Day's Trials
VETERANO SHOWS RETURN OF FORM,
EASILY DEFEATING LITTLE WALLY.
Yada Captures the
Mile Handicap in
a Drive.
Martinmas Is Given
an Argument by
Stilicho.
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
Little Wally, the chestnut gelding
owned by Brinkworth & Co., is ex
periencing more difficulty in making
schedule connections with the long end
of a purse than did Alec Greggains in
securing a brace of scrappers to fill his
January date. Everybody seemed a
unit In pronouncing the mile and a fur
long endurance recital at Oakland yes
terday a scuttle full of steaming duck
soup for Little "Wally. In accord
ance with track customs when such ap
pears to be the case, all possessed of
any means began separating them
selves from it at the ratio of 4 vs. 5.
For a time as he caught the invigorat
ing land breezes from the Berkeley
housetops it looked as if Pilot Davis
and Little Wally might have a speedy
and prosperous journey. But It was
not to be. Mysterious Charley Bell
hove in sight with Veterano on the far
turn, and another tragedy of the turf
is to be chronicled. The Thornton stake
winner galloped over the favorite, ty
ing up at the judges' stand under half
pressure a third of a length before
Wally. Tnk was overburdened with
early speed, but Helgesen made too
much use of him at the start and he
ran third. The winner was quoted at
6 and 6 to L
For a track that furnished the op
portunity for upsets there were few
reversals. First choices held their own
by _ drawing down three purses.
Meada. Veterano and Tada were the
unsuspected ones.
A six furlong sprint for three-year
olds, non-winners at the meeting,
opened the racing. Edna Sullivan, the
mount of Bonner, was played down to
:; 10 1 favoritism. The filly is a very
slow beginner, and at no time looked
dangerous. The winner turned up in
Meada, the mount of Jakie Jones,
which staggered in first, less than a
length before Saccharate. Andvari ran
third.
Following this came another six fur
long selling affair, and it looked as if
Cousin Carrie had fallen into a soft
spot. The mare ruled a7to 10 favorite,
and won in jig time. Helgesen finished
second on Box Elder, four lenghts in
advance of the second choice Yellow
stone.
Quite as easy did Alice Carey, an
other pronounced favorite, capture the
rive and a half furlong scramble.
Away first, Alarie rated the mare nice
ly, and she crossed the finishing line
under closely reefed sails. Anderson
secured the place with Edrodun, a 20
to 1 shot, downing The Reprobate, 'an-
other outsider, more than a length.
Both Revolt and Redan ran exceedingly
poor races.
Charley Henshall's Martinmas took
the seven-furlong purse run. A 2 to 5
chance at post time, the chestnut geld
ing made all the running, and with few
pounds in reserve led Stilicho out a
length and a half. Rowena, the run
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J. HORNADAY
PROFESSIONAL CLOCKER
437 PARROTT BLDG,. 855 MARKET ST.
Phone South 1045. San Francisco,
YESTERDAY I GAVE:
MEADA ... Bto I, WON
COUSIN C , . 4to 5. WON
AL. CAREY. . 6to 5, WON
MARTINMAS . I to 2, WON
Meada and Alice Carey were given for a
heavy place play; other two for a plunge
straight.
WEDNESDAY I GAVE:
SUB'N QUEEN, 3to I,WON
SIR WILFRED,, Ito I, WON
MIMO. . . . 7to 10, WON
BARRACK .. Ito I, WON
All four were given for a heavy play
straight
Having strengthened my connections I now
have on tap the best Inside racing Information
ever gathered in the history of the turf. It
is based on the workouts of the horses, on
inside stable information and on expert handi
capping. I combine the three. The result is
I now obtain an average of 60 per cent of
the winners right along.
Terms for my complete daily racing mes
sage. $25 weekly; $5 dally.
$10 GUARANTEED SPECIAL
Terms for my Dally Guaranteed Paddock
Special are $10. NO WIN—NO PAT. Tour
money back if he does not win.
Dally I name ONE HORSE, which I term
my Guaranteed $10 Paddock Special. He rep
resents the CREAM OF ALL. of my INSIDE
INFORMATION. Average odds obtained,
against this one horse daily have been 10 to 1
so far.
Yesterday my $10 Guaranteed .Special was
at 8 to L After leading for three-quarters of
the distance he finished third. The "show"
price against him was 8 to 5, and while many
clients saved their bets I claim no credit for
the Information —In fact, I count the horse a
loier. Recollect the horse must WIN or there
is no cay to me.
Do you know of any fairer proposition than
this in horseraclng or In any other enterprise?
If so tip me off and I'll become a patron.
MY LON6-SHOT DAY
A sure thing, at a juicy price, la on the
carpet for to-day. It has been cooked up to
order. Track, jockey and all other conditions
dovetail. A stable commission of "extra
wise" money will be down. It's the surest
winner at good odds of the meeting to date.
Don't miss blm.
To-morrow, my Guaranteed Special will be
another hummer, at 10 to 1. Don't miss him,
either. 1 will close the week la a blare of
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND—Thursday, January 12. Weather cloudy. Track heavy.
Horse and Owner.
ft. ft-
%. 8tr. Fin.
7649
7702
7679
7696
7683
7649
7679
7671
7629
7649
7702
Meada (Bianchl & Co.)
Saccharato .Napa Stock Farm)
Andvart (Mrs. Knapp)
Mabel Bates (G. Strobel)
Lady Fashion (Mrs. Miller)..
Grenore (J. Davis)
Edna Sullivan (P. Sullivan)..
Glenflnan <A. Rose)
Tar Baby <F. J. Nell)
A Lady (G. W. Dodge !
Sinilax c.T. .1 Moran) i
5 ... 8 lft2 h 2 1 1 % J. Jones
1 ... 41 3h lft22 |Bell
[3 ..; 1 lftl % 3 2 3 2ft|Greenfleld .
10 ... » ft 7 3 5 1 4 n T. Clark...
6 ... 61 62 62 5 % Hollander .
14 ... 2 ft 4 4 4 ft 8 ft Helgesen ..
I 9 ... 10 4 10 5 9 3 7 3 Bonner
7 ... 7n 8n 81 82 Loague
2 ... 63 62 7ft94 McBride . - -
8 ... 81 9 ftlO 6 10 10 IO. Chandler
11 ... 11 11 11 11 |EarnBhaw .
J. Jones....
Bell
Greenfield .
T. Clark...
;Hollander .
Helgesen ..
B 7
7 8
4 8
10 7
30 30
4 11-2
8 3
BO 100
IS IB
10 12
60 100
Bonner ....
Doague ....
McBride ...
Time—:2sft, :50»i. 1:18. At poet ft minute. Off at 2:119*. Meada. place, 8; show, s-z.
Saccharate, place, 3; show. 9-5. Andvarl, show. 7-5. Winner. b!k. f.. by Fig*ro-Ara
mada. Trained by O. A. Bianchl. Scratched—Lady Redhead. Alice Piatt. Start good.
Won all driving hard. Meada was ao wobbly at the end that a gust of wind wouW nave
bowled hor over. Saccharate, too, was groggy. Andvarl tried to run out all the
Mabel Bates could have won with a better start. Grenore bothered by Andvarl. Edna
Sullivan a slow beginner. ,^- wa _r U -u-Lj ,j.j->j-\r>fj-j>sir>r,r*
- _ . _r ~ .... ... . . m * «"o-
Horse and Owner.
• ft-
ft.
%. Str. Fin. I
Jockey.
(7609)'Cousin Carrie, a (Gaylord) ;102i 2 ... 1 <i 1 2 12 1 SftMcBrtde .... 7-10 7-10
7703 |Box Eider. 4 (J. J. Moran)... . 109 1 ... 2 % 3 6 2 l'*2 4 'Helgesen .. « »
7707 lYellowstone. 0 <W. P. Fine). ..|103! 4 ... 3 5 2 h 3 8 3 8 'Greenfield .) 4 4
7571 Ifcangford James. 4 (Cotton).. 11051 7 ... 8 8 5 n 4n iBeil ! 20
7705 I Step Around. 5 (Mrs. Boyle).. 1107 3 ... 6 % 6 2 6 5 4 { T. Stewart, j 20 40
6446 Rey Hooker, a (Appleby Co.).:l09i 5 ... 4 lVj4 lft4 'i 13 IBonnei j 50 100
6809 Stimy. 4 (.1. O Donnell) 10» 8 ... 7 1 7 ft 7 3 7 6 ;0. Chandler| 50 150
7683 iStandard. 4 (J. J. McAlester).. 102: 6 ... 5 l'-jS n S 8 |W. Davis..; 15 16
Time—:23, :80, I:l7ft. At post ft minute. Off at 2:S7ft. Carrie, place. 1-3; show, out.
Elder, place, 9-5; show. 7-10. Yellowstone, show, 1-3. Winner, eh. m., by Midlothian-
Sister Mary. Trained by G. Burger. Scratched—War Times, Distributor. Lurene, The
Stewardess San Lution. Start good. Won easily. Balance driving. Winner best. Yel
lowstone in the deepest going. I.angford James won't do. Others no account.
THIRD RACE—rFive and a half furlongs; selling: 3 year-olds
up; to
i7630)jA. Carev. 5 (Fleur De l,is Sta) 107! 1 ... 1 n 1 1 11 1 2ft|Alarie
7649 [Kdrodun. 3 (T. Fttzpatrlck), 94 2 ... 4 h 4 ft 3 > a 2 .
7679 [The Reprobate, 3 (Hall St M.V 91; H ... 2 2 2 4 2 2 3 1 |W. Daly ..
7684 |Revolt, 4 <V. Gilbert) ,107 3 ... 3 h 6 n 4 !, 1 6 IBOnner
7702 |Fay Templeton. 3 (Dodgei 93; 5 ... 6 lft6 2 6 ft 5 n T. Clark...
7625 Hugh McGowan. 4 tJ. Dyer)..; 1001 4 7 4 76 78 6 lft|Earnem\w .
7684 |Redan, 6 (G Strobel) 109 7 ... 5 1 3 n 6 2 7 10 jsiherwood .
7702 |R_ Sweepstakes. 3 (Miller!.. 91 8 ... 8 8 8 8 j Taylor ;
1 11-10
10 2<>
15 15
4 7-2
10 20
30 60
5 13-2
1(X> 150
Time— :24ft, :81ft, 1:10 ft. At post 2ft minutes. Off at 3:osft. Alice, place.l-2: show, 1-4.
Kdroduo. place, 6: show,ll-5. Reprobate, show. 2. Winner, b. m. by Trappean-Abble
F. Trained by F. Vickers. Scratched—Doublet. Start bad. Won under warps. Next
two driving. Alice Carey away sailing and under partial restraint all the way. Edrodun
ran a clever race. Revolt did not attend the social hop yesterday. Fay Templeton ex
hibited speed. Redan could not walk In the going.
7716. FOURTH RACE —One and an eighth miles; purse; 4-year-olds and up; to first, 1325.
Index! Horse and Owner. |Wt]St. ft] ft. %. Str. Fin. j Jockey. j~~Op. CI.
7670 IVeterano, 5 .(Multnomah Sta.)|U0i 2 3 3 35 38 35 1 % iBell 1 6 5
7706 .Little Wally 4 (Brinwth Ct>);107! 5 1 'i 2 lftl n 1 h 2 1 |W. Davis .. 4-5 4-6
7670 jink, 6 (Lam'asney Bros.) ■ 110! 3 2 3 1 n 2 lft2 1Vj3 6 IHelgeson .. 10 8
7694 Cloverland. 5 (J. A. Murray).. 110 6 4 4 4 2ft4 2 4 1 4 6 jT. Stewart 12 16
7710 Maj. Mansir, a (Mrs. Hertzel) 107 1 « 5 l's5 8 .". 20 .". 50 Bonner ... 6 0
7098 Col. Anderson, 6 (McLaughlin)!l07; 4 5n 6 6 6 6 (McBride .. 10 15
6
4-5
10
12
6
10
5
4-5
8
15
n
15
Time—:2s%, 62ft. 1:18 ft, I:4sft. I:s9ft. At post ft minute. Off at 3:3 oft. Veterano. place.
8-5; show, 7-10. Wally. place, 2-5; show out. Ink. show, 9-10. Winner, b. h. by Rey El
Santa Anita-Orange Leaf. Trained by W. O. Vivell. Scratched—Peter J. Royalty. Start
good. Won very easily. Balance driving. Veterano well ridden and best. He will take
beating from now on. Little Wally ran to his notch. Too much early use made of Ink.
Helgeson also picked the wont going. Cloy prland improving. Major Manslr lacked speed.
Anderson a poor mud horse.
'17. FIFTH RACE—Seven furlongs; 4-year-olds and up; purse; value to first, $325.
Hone and Owner.
•,4 •
Str. Fin.
Jockey.
CI.
7704 IMartinmas. 5 (C. T. Hen9hall),107i 3 1 % I V. 1 % I 1 1 ni ! Kunz
i770C)!StiItcho, 5 (Baker City Sta.);107| 5 S » 4 5 4 « S % jO. Chandler
7066 IRowena. 4 (Gaylord & Co.)..| 94| 7 3 3 3 6 'Graham ...
7694 4 (R. H. Dunn)..] 06 2 6 n 7 63 6«4h |Andcrson ..
7692 Ishtar, 6 (J. Ryan) 1101 1 4 1%4 n 4 n ti n ,McBride ..
6644 ISourriere. 4 (Dayton & Co.)..'l04i 4 2 '& 3 n 4 h 5 2 « 20 C. Miller...
7632 I Yellow Tail, a (J. Hackett).. I105 1 6 7 6 2 7 7 7 IHcffman ..
1-2
6
20
6
8
30
50
2-5
10
30
9
8
40
40
Tin*—:24»i, :49*i, 1:17. 1:30. At post 2'minutes. Off at 3:sßft. Martinmas, place. 1-5;
show out. Stilicho. place. 2: show. 9-10. Rowena, show, 3. Winner, eh. g. by Marta
gon-Nekomia. Trained by E. Wright. Start fair. Won cleverly. Balance driving.
Winner enjoyed good racing luck. Stilicho could not seem to run any the first part, or
he would have been hard to beat. Rowena rar. a clever race. Freckman appears to have
gone back. Ishtar a poor mudder. Soufricre had a flash of speed.
'18. SIXTH RACE —One mile and BO yards; 3-year-olds; handicap; value to first, (400.
Horse and Owner.
|Wt|St.
«4. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
7700 iYada (W. Cahill) 11041 6 5 2%5 % 5 n In 1 Vt IW. Davis..
(7700)lSea Air (T. E. McLaughlin).. 1021 3 1 ns 1 n lh 21 2 ns IMcBride ..
7B94 Lady Goodrich (Applegate).. !103| 4 3 i. 4 1 6 % 4 J£ 3 ns |Betl
7694 Ara (Stevens & Son) 108 1 6 ti 6 »; 3 1., 3 1.. 4 2 I Bonner
<7004VHead Dance (C. T. Henshall)}105j 2 4 h 4 h 5 If, 5 3 iKunz
7618 ICardinal Sarto (Summers Co.)|l05! 7 7 7 7 7 6 2V£|Minder I
7704 ISea Voyage (Mrs Miller) 1 96| 5 2 4 2 3 2 2»46 % 7 |T. Clark...)
6 H
4 5
5 6
3 14-5
7-2 6
10 15
10 8
Time—:2s>£. :50U. 1-17. 1:43. 1:49. At post 2% minutes. Off at 4:2 l**. Yada. place, 2;
show, 1. Air, place, 2: show, 4-5. Goodrich, show. 7-10. Winner, b. c. by Odd Fellow-
Nellie Mack. Trained by W. Cahill. Start good. Won all driving. It was anybody's
race from ihe start. Davis on winner came with a rush In the stretch, cutting off Lady
Goodrich. Sea Air tired under the pace set. With better racing luck Ara might have
won. Head Dance sharply cut off on stretch turn.
ERRATA—In race 7704 weight on Bombardier should be 109 pounds.
Horses Which Figure Best
t_
BY FRED E. Ml I.HOLLAND.
First race—Sir Preston, Best
Man, Pure Dale.
Second race—Albemarle, Bell
Reed, Educate.
Third race — Lucrece, Lost
Baby, Al Waddle.
Fourth race—Scherzo, Seren
ity, Harka.
Fifth race—Royal Red, Pha
lanx, Tennyburn.
Sixth race—Red Cross Nurse,
Lady Kent, Alice Carey.
i
ner-up to the paddock, there tired,
though easily downing Freckman for
the show. Yellowtail ran last.
The mile and fifty yard handicap, for
three-year-olds, furnished the most ex
citing contest of the afternoon. It
proved a wide open betting affair, with
Ara closing a lukewarm 14 to 5 favorite.
While Sea Air cut out all the running,
the field was so closely bunched behind
the filly at the head of the stretch that
to pick the winner waa problematical.
Davis brought Billy Cahill's Yada
through with a rush in the stretch, and,
catching Sea Air passing the paddock,
won by half a length. Sea Air only
beat Lady Goodrich a nose for the
place, with Ara losing the show by but
a short head.
TRACK NOTES.
The Adam Andrew Selling stakes,
with $2000 added by the association,
will be the feature event at Oakland
to-morrow. The cream of the sprint
ing brigade will face the barrier.
Jack Joyner, the well-known East
ern trainer, was an interested specta
tor at Oakland yesterday. He ex
pressed.himself as much pleased with
the looks of California racing.
Eugene Hildebrand, the Jockey, will
come up from Los Angeles to attend
the funeral of a sister who died In this
city.
The handicap was a corking good
betting affair. The same race could
be placed on the card again and there
would be little change In the prices.
On the boat home the talent had It
figured out where every other starter
in the race should have won but Yada,
but for some interference. Sea Voy
age was knocked to her knees, Lady
Goodrich got cut off, so was Head
Dance; Bonner had Ara In the deep
going, etc., etc.
Transvaal to Limit Colored Vote.
JOHANNESBURG, Jan. 12. —A
forecast of the report of the native
affaire committee la published to-day
by the Transvaal Leader. It shows
that the commission Is fully agreed
that a limitation must be placed on
the colored vote, which it will show
by startling evidence la becoming
more serious .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1905.
MODERATE FIELDS
AT OAKLAND.
The selling platers will have an out
ing at Oakland track to-day. Only the
ordinary class of horses are represent
ed, still some good sport may result.
First race—Five and a half furlongs, four
year-olds and up. selling:
7707 Presidio (Zelinsky) 100
7707 "Georgie Black (Hansen) 99
750:t 'Pencil Me (Groseheim) 101
7624 'Sir Preston (Scharetg) 106
7073 Molto (Shannon) 11l
7705 Mr. Farnum (Wilson) 106
7690 Ragnarok II (Rear Guard Stable) 108
7567 Pure Dale (Hoeppner) 104
7685 'Best Man (Rowell) 101
Second race—Six furlongs, four-year-olds and
up. selling:
770.'; Albemarle (Quinlan) 104
7709 'Educate (Hoppas) 93
7675 Bee Rosewater (Romigh) 98
<7fi99)'Bell Reed (Fitzgerald) 109
7709 Rlesca (Dunn) 103
6191 Penance (McCarthy) 100
7699 •Hainault (Thomas A Reavey) 106
Third race—One mile, maiden three-year-olds
and up, purse:
7681 Adieu (Clifford) 107
7503 Lost Baby (Wills) 104
7095 Al Waddle (Jones) 107
7711 Jack Habert (Fountain) 100
767S ThorndaJe (Murray) 109
4259 Harold W (King A Ward) 104
7647 Maid of Fcrmoy (Fox) 90
7701 Lucrece (Macdonough) 90
7570 The Volt (Fisher & Anderson) 107
7699 Chablle (Zelinsky) 102
Fourth race—One mile and seventy yards,
three-year-olds and up, selling
(7095)Serenlty (Dayton A Kahn) 104
6738 Jack Little (Fine) 106
7657 Scherzo (Pueblo Stable) IC9
7697 War Times (Grosshelm) 104
7711 'Gin Bpray (De Neffe) 106
7693 Vaughan (Hertzell) 106
6606 Outburst (McAlester) 114
7698 *Harka (Henshall) 99
7707 'Llbble Candid (Burger) 99
7711 •Vlgoroso (Appleby & Co.) 106
Fifth race—Six furlongs, maiden three-year
olds, purse.
7649 Chestnut (Ross) 110
7664 Ferryman (Daly) 110
7576 Phalanx (Molera & Josephs) 110
7702 San Jose (Wilson) 110
7028 Royal Red (Touhey) 107
7651 Tennyburn (Miller) 110
The Celt (Figaro Stable) 107
7679 El Paisano (Strobel) 110
Sixth race—Beven furlongs, four-year-olds
and up, selling.
7G68 *Red Cross Nurse (Molera A Josephs). 99
7703 'Profitable (Winter) 104
(7703)' Lady Kent (Klmberly) 102
7700 'Flaneur (Murray) 104
(7673)8udd Wade (Baker City Stable) 100
(7715) Alice Carey (Fleur de Ll* Stable) 107
(7707)' Suburban Queen (Winter ft Johnson). 102
7621 Mountebank (Keating) 109
7687 Meistersinger (Healey) 112
Oh, Yes! Know-It All Jake Knew Just
How to Make a Bull Pup Behave
In Next Sunday's Comic Section
Amateurs Meet To-Night.
The Hayes Valley Club has arranged
a great card tor to-night. Seven bout*
are on the card and the main event,
between Lew Powell and Toung
Choynski. promisee to be one of the
best of the year, as both boya are
fighters who mix things. Joe Thomas
and Frank Mayfleld will also hook up,
as will "South Side" Jack O'Brien and
Abe Label. Five other good bouts
complete the cart
HERFORD STILL
AFTER GARDNER
Baltimore Manager Has Not
Given Up Hope of Match
ing Gans With Lowell Boy
WOULD TAKE ON WHITE
Spider Welch and Mike Sulli
van Will Fight Prelimi
nary to Hyland-Neil Go
Al Herford has not yet given up the
idea of matching Joe Gans with Jimmy
Gardner and if there is any possible
chance of bringing the lightweights
together the Baltimore manager will
eagerly grasp it. He announced last
night that he was willing to match his
dark skinned boxer with the Lowell
lad at 136 pounds at 6 o'clock and di
vide the purse any way the latter
wished.
Herford has .found out that it is no
easy matter to get a suitable match in
this city at the present time. Britt
does not want to talk business and
Nelson Is out of town. Herford does
not figure Young Corbett as a good
drawing card, so the only match in
sight is one with Gardner.
Gardner is still in Butte and, while
he professes to be willing to box Gans,
it is a difficult matter to convince the
sporting public of this fact. If the two
could be brought together it certainly
should prove a good card, as Gardner
is said to be a lightweight worthy of
Gans' steel.
Herford does not think well of Jabez
White, the English lightweight. He
gives it as his opinion that Britt would
wade through the Britisher, who, he
says, is not capable of putting up a
good fight. Herford is willing to pit
Gans against White at 135 pounds at
ringside, the winper to take all or
divide the purse in any way suitable
to the Englishman.
Herford says he will not go after
Brltt and beg for a return match. He
is willing to match Gans against Britt
at 133 pounds at 6 o'clock, but seems
to think there is little or no chance of
bringing the pair together, as Britt /ill
not talk business.
Manager Alex Greggains of the San
Francisco Club has framed up two
good preliminaries for the Hyland-Neil
fight on January 31. Last night he
signed Spider Welch, the local light
weight, and Mike Sullivan, the Bos
ton "Twin." Sullivan left last night
for this city to train for the bout.
Greggains has also arranged a bout
between Joe Angeli, the butcher boy,
and Jack Cordell of Hayes Valley.
These lads met several times and are
very evenly matched. Angeli was
beaten by Mike Sullivan here a few
months ago, but made a game showing.
NEW ATHLETIC FIELD SOON
TO BE BUILT AT STANFORD
Plans Are Arranged and the Work of
Construction Will Begin
Shortly.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 12.
The task of building a great athletic
field at Stanford is to be undertaken
at once by the student body. The en
gineers of the faculty have volun
teered their assistance and they will
probably be given charge of the ac
tual construction work. The football
field will be built first, as it is abso
lutely necessary that it be ready for
the intercollegiate game with Cali
fornia next fall.
The work of construction of suitable
bleachers, for which plans have been
drawn up by Professor Wing, is to
be commenced soon. During the
holidays Professor Wing and Dr. F.
Angeli made a trip to the University
of California for the purpose of in
specting the bleachers of that football
field. The bleachers erected at Stan
ford will be modeled along the same
lines. It will not be practical to
adopt the suggestion that the new
bleachers be made much steeper.
A temporary design of the plan of
the new athletic ground has been made.
This map Includes space for fields for
Rugby football, association football,
baseball, track and supplementary
baseball and football fields, and leaves
considerable space for further exten
sions. The baseball, football and
track bleachers are arranged so as to
be close together. The training
house is located under the bleachers
In such a way that it connects both
the track and gridiron. When flnshed
the Stanford athletic field will prob
ably be the finest in the world.
INGLESIDE PARK WILL
REOPEN NEXT SUNDAY
Ingleside Coursing Park will reopen
on Sunday afternoon, after being
closed for nearly two months. The
trouble between the managers and the
dog owners Is adjusted, and, for a
while at least, the sport will prosper.
Following Is the result of the draw
last night:
Class stake, sixteen entries—Sampler vs.
Pasha Pleasant; Qulta vs. Full Moon: Sea
Lion vs. Lucy Clair; Lord Brazen vs. Frisky
Barbara; Humboldt vs. JBH; Rocked Asleep
vs. Lancashire Lad; Friendless Moy vs. Car
low Boy; Loretta vs. Ragged Actor.
Reserve stake, forty-eight entries—Secetrue
vs. Northern Alarm: Reckless Rose vs. Mugsy:
Reta S vs. Haphazard: Good as Gold vs. Real
Duchess; Lily York vs. Orslna; Prompto vs.
Stlngaree; Raby Aurora vs. Idleness; Belfast
vs. Free Born; Aeolus vs. Real Pasha; Frisco
Lad vs. Pur* Pearl; Firm Fellow vs. Treva
than; Don Pedro vs. Little Plunger; Old Iron
sides vs. Wild Turkey; Sacramento Boy vs.
May Tunnlson; Crawford Belle vs. Texas Ma
mie; Ina Cissus vs. Foxhunter; I cell us vs.
Conroy; Mark Twain vs. Dear Gaston; Miss
Domestic vs. Mellinwood; Ouida vs. Prome
theus; Belle Free vs. Presto; Laboring Boy
vs. In Time; Reckless vs. Rlalto; Our Motto
vs. Miss Florence.
Hot Springs Results.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., Jan. 12.— Essex Park
summary:
First race, five furlongs—Gavin I won, Ik*
8 second, Maraschino third. Time, 1:06.
Second race, three furlongs—Favorita won.
Starlings second. Pretty NeJlie third. Time,
:38H.
' Third race, six furlongs—Nuptial won. I.
Sambon second, Crescerton third. Time, I:2©Va-
Fourth race, one mile end seventy yards-
Honolulu won. Ethics second, Payne third.
Time, 1:53%.
Fifth race, six furlongs—Wild Irishman won.
Bill Knight second, Joe Gom third. Time,
1:20.
Sixth race. Aye furlong*—Lansdowne won,
Chance second, Outdone third. Times 1:05 Jj,
CLASSY DOGS COMPETE
IN THE ALL-AGE TRIAL
Avafon MesSome RemarfaMe Points
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 12. — The
spectators at the field trials to-day
ware not treated to the spectacular j
work in the all-age stake which has
marked the previous performance of
the great setters and pointers. It waa
no scarcity of birds which brought
about this condition, as invariably the
handlers in shooting over their dogs
have discharged their firearms in the
air, thus saving the quail for addi
tional work with the dogs. The day
was clear and was inclined to be !
warm. This, with the absence of any
breeze, resulted m a lac k of scent and !
was no doubt the cause of so few I
points being made by experienced !
dogs. • j
It is expected the winners in the all- [
age stake will be determined by noon ;
to-morrow. The champion stake will {
then be run and on Saturday the dogs j
will be handled by their owners In the
members' stake.
Some practical joker had all the j
field trials people at the hotel called j
at 5:30 o'clock this morning and a
procession of sleepy sportsmen com
menced to wind its way to the dining
room shortly thereafter. As this
meant an early start on the road, it
was taken good-naturedly.
Each evening a quartet made up of
Judge "Charley" Post and Joe Terry
of Sacramento and Jack Kilgarif and
J. W. Flynn has entertained the mem
bers with a concert. The favorite song
has to do with the joys of the good
old summer time.
The first brace put down in the
morning was the Stockdale Kennels'
liver and white pointer, Cuba Jr.,
handled by R. M. Dodge, and W. W.
Van Arsdale's black, white and tan
English setter McCloud Boy, handled
by C. H. Babcock. After an extensive
run over considerable country Cuba Jr.
drew to a point in weeds, which was
cleverly backed by McCloud Boy. Cuba
Jr. followed this with two more points,
McCloud Boy scoring one.
CONDITIONS ARE FAULTY.
There was something wrong evi
dently with the atmospheric condi
tions, as both dogs, well known to
possess good noses, ran over a num
ber of birds without noticing them.
The second brace to start was H.. W.
Keller's lemon and white setter Som
bra, handled by W. B. Coutts, and
John Considine's black, white and tan
English setter Policy Girl, handled by
J. E. Lucas. This brace was worked
over the same grounds as the preced
ing one. Sombra made three stylish
points, which she held stanchly, one
being made after Policy Girl had run
In front of her to steal the point. Pol
icy Girl made two points, from neither
of which a bird was flushed. Both dogs
showed good speed and range, but, like
the preceding brace, seemed unable to
locate birds on those grounds.
The third brace was Stockdale Ken
nels* liver and white pointer Qlenwood,
handled by R. M. Dodge, and W. W.
Van Arsdale's black, white and tan
English setter. Counts Mark, handled
by C. H. Babcock, were also cast off
on the same grounds as the preceding
dogs. If anything was necessary to
confirm the existence of faulty atmos
pheric conditions the work of this
brace certainly removed all doubt.
These two well-tried dogs, whose bird
finding qualities are well known, ran
for more than a half an hour through
birds which were flushed by the spec
tators without either scoring a point.
The next dogs put down were W. W.
Van Arsdale'e black, white and tan
English setter Avalon, handled by C.
H. Babcock, and J. H. Schumacher's
black and white English setter Valita,
handled by J. E. Lucas. These were
cast off on new grounds where condi
tions seemed much better and scored
a number of points.
AVALON SCORES BIX POINTS.
Avalon placed six to his credit to
Valita's four. Both dogs were under
good control and pointing stanchly.
Avalon especially proved a classy
dog. Moving to another location the
two derby winners, J. T. Terry's Lady
like and William Dormer's recent pur
chase, Mariposa, were put down in a
large open field and gave a fine exhibi
tion of fast and wide ranging. While
they both proved themselves bird
• finders in the derby, for some unac
A LIKELY SETTER RUNNING IN
THE ALL-AGE STAKE AT
BAKERSFIELD.
START SPOILS
FEATURE RACE
I High Chancellor and Sais
Fail to Get Off Eight in
Free Handicap at a Mile
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 12.—The fea
ture race of the card at Ascot to-day,
the free handicap at one mile, was
marred by a poor start. High Chancel
lor, the favorite, and Sals, the heavily
played third choice, never figuring in
the running. The former got off ten
lengths behind his field and the latter
was left standing. Flo Bob won in a
drive from Hans Wagner, with Ralph
Young third. Descuento sustained his
reputation as a high class 3-year-old
by wining the fifth race at five and a
half furlongs in 1:07. He was never
urged and won pulled to a gallop.
Montana Peeress was played from 2
1 to 7 to 5 in the last race and fin
ished first, but was disqualified for
crowding Dutiful into the rail when
fifty yards from the finish. Favorites
and second choices broke even, each
taking three races. Weather clear,
track fast. Summary:
First race, six furlongs, selling—Linda Rose,
107 (Fuller). 8 to 5, won; Whiteatone. 117 (E.
Walah), 10 to 1, second: Jardln de Paris, 112
(Dugan), 30 to I. third. Time, 1:14 V Auro,
Fer de Lanco, Springieaf, Massacre, St. Dixie,
Bailey, Ding Dong 11. and Garvlce also ran.
Second race, one mile, selling—Varro, lie
(Dugan), 4 to 1, won; Capable. 116 (Fuller) 2
to 1, second: Frangible, 106 (McDanlel), 3 to
k third. Time, 1:45*4.. Chickadee, Lady
owell. Dug Martin, Ml iteina and Pastmaster
also ran.
Third race, Slauson course, selling—Tyrolian.
82 (McDanlel), 3 to 2, won; Interlude, 111
(Fuller), 9 to 5, second; Dod Anderson, 96 (Per
rlnc), 25 to 1, third. Time, 1:09%. Ben Lear,
Laureates, Agnes Mack and Chub also ran.
Fourth race, one mile—Flo Bob, 96 (Miller),
16 to 6. won; Hans Wagner, 113 (B Walsh),
7 to 1, second; Ralph Young, 90 (McDanlel), 7
to 1, third. Time, 1:40. Ethylene, High
Chancellor and Sals also ran.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs—Descu
ento, 111 (Walah), 1 to 4, won; Tramotor, 102
(Miller), 6 to 1, second; Azelina, 109 (Booker),
8 to 1, third. Time, 1:07. Mercea also ran.
Sixth race one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing—Dutiful, 108 (McDanlel). 9 to 5, won; Ray,
103 (Kent), 3 to 1, second; Patsy Brown, 100
(Morlarlty), C to 1, third. Time, I:45Va. Jing
ler and Montana Peeress also ran. Montana
Peeresa finished first, but was disqualified for
fouling Dutiful.
countable reason neither succeeded in
scoring a point.
I The next brace was W. W. Van Ars
dale's lemon and white .English setter
Jay M, handled by C. H. Babcock, and
J. W. Flynn's black and white pointer
Burbank. handled by W. B. Coutts.
They were brought back to the same
field where Avalon and Valita scored
so many points. Jay M succeeded in
placing five points to his credit, while
Burbank scored but two from which
birds were raised. Both dogs showed
plenty of speed, ranged out well and
were quite stylish on point.
This was the last heat of the first
series of the all-age stake.
After driving several miles to a new
location, Judge Betten announced the
following as the second series: Keep
sake with Ladylike, Cuba Jr. with
Harry H. Sombra with Jay M, Avalon
with Uncle Jimmy, Whltesldes with
Kllgarif, and Mariposa in reserve.
Although It was quite late the Judge
ordered Keepsake and Ladylike down,
expecting no doubt to find a number
of birds close at hand. This* soon
proved a mistake, aa no birds were
found except one which Ladylike point
ed in a stump of a tree. It being dusk
the brace was ordered up.
AMATEUR BOOTS
ARE DISCUSSED
Supervisors Listen to an
Argument by W. G. Harri
son Against the "Sport"
WOULD EAISE LICENSE
—■ ■ ♦
President of Olympic Club
Grills Berger and Fin
nigan for Their Actions
The Supervisors' Police Committee
yesterday began an investigation into
the alleged violation of the rules gov
erning amateur boxing- contests by cer
tain organizations. The committee an
nounced that It desired to correct any
abuses that may have arisen by refus
ing to recommend permits to any club
proven to have transgressed the rules.
"I have watched the development of
the amateur clubs with great regret,''
said W. Greer Harrison, president of
the Olympic Club, who addressed the
committee. •"None of the clubs outside
of the Pacific Amateur Association are
legitimate amateur clubs. They are
simply boxing or fighting clubs which
are In the business of developing pro
fessional pugilists.
"I refer to 'Sam' Berger, who Is un
questionably a professional. In that
same class is Finnegan, who resigned
from the Olympic Club because we
would not pay him to contest. Berger
admitted that he had received $200 in
his last contest. The Olympic Club had
decided that it will have nothing to do
with clubs whose members accept pay.
If I were to pay $100 I could get the
best men to box. but I believe this to
be destructive of a healthful sport. I
think the amateur clubs should pay
more money to the city for the priv
ilege 'of giving exhibitiona. I recom
mend that the license be fixed at $250
per month instead of per year as it is
at present.
"The Olympic Club will employ legal
talent and if necessary detectives to
cleanse the amateur sport from. Its dis
graceful condition.
"I further recommend that the Cali
fornia Amateur Association disband
and its members join the Pacific Asso
ciation in the interest of clean sport."
The committee then granted the ap
plication of the Hawthorne Athletic
Club for an amateur contest on Janu
ary 26, on the assurance of Manager Al
Young that the rules and ordinance
would be strictly complied with and
that training expenses not to exceed
$35 for each contestant would be al
lowed. No formal action was taken on
Harrison's two recommendations, al
though the committee rather favors the
merging of the two amateur associa
tions.
O'NEILL NOW PRESIDENT
OF WESTERN LEAGUE
OMAHA, Nebr., Jan. 12.—The meet
ing to-day of the magnates of the
Western League of Baseball Clubs
proved to be a ratification meeting, at
which was approved a large number
of items of business which had been
previously agreed upon in conference.
At the conference Morris ("Tip")
O'Neill of Oakland was agreed on for
president, and no other name was pre
sented to the meeting. The finances
of the association were shown to be
in good condition. The league was
made more substantial by dropping
the non-paying clubs and transferring
three franchises to substantial busi
ness Interests In the cities represented.
The schedule will not be adpoted until
the spring meeting, which will be held
some time in March.
New Orleans Results.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 12—Results:
First race, five furlongs—Belllndlan won.
Little Red second, Shock the Talent third.
Time, 1:04 2-5.
Second race, seven furlongs—Kleinwood won.
Lord of the Valley second, TOotsey Mack
third. Time. 1:30 1-5.
Third race, six furlongs—St. Tammany won.
Brush Up second. Lillybrook third. Time,
1:16.
Fourth race, one mile—Katie Power* won.
Garnish second, Norwood Ohio third. Time,
1:44 1-5.
Fifth race, one mile and twenty yards—
Merry Acrobat won. Extol second, Rao ha el
Ward third. Time, 1:47.
Sixth race, five furlong*—Contentious won,
Frank Kenny second. Ahumada third. Time.
1:02 4-8.
Weak Men and
Rupture Cured.
sottONivvrus MHk _ „° ar PWf*****
191 KOjki Vacuum treatment
?M Itf VELOP NEW
nnJ49L n«o life a pro en.
Am o - 2 HE-
Xk\l *LPIO o STORE THE
Sj»l> r VIGOR OF
SRStHE 363*5 VOI'TH. It i. th*
**v*» m known whlca WUJ
5 fully «alart« and
HMHIHiMM ■ completely develop
the organs. Used with our Soluble Medicated
fsVMw:! URUTHPAL MCDtCAT.QIN!*—^
Urethral Crayon*, quickly cure* all drain* aud
discharges. Varicocele, Stricture, Premature
Decay, Enlargement of Proetate Gland, etc
Special cure for RUPTURE| no knife, no eel
lay from work. Guarantee perfect cure.
Mosey left la bank. Our physicians are
well known to be experienced and strictly re
liable specialists and cur* Rapture and all
diseases of men only by modern method*. Call
for free examination and full detail* of our
special cure for Rupture.
We want alro especially every weak or un
developed man to call or write for our moat In
structive 100-page illustrated book. It fully ex
plains the action of our remarkable Vacuum
and Crayon treatment W* have the most
successful home cure In the world. We ajlve
treatment oa lO days' trial and ap
proval. Book sent securely sealed, free.
Every man should read it. Call or writ* to
day. Hours 9 to S. Sundays, 11 to L VACUUM
APPLIANCE CO., 6 OFarrell street.
(Author of "Hand's System of Handicapping
and Turf Speculator's Guide.")
ROOMS 1-2-3-4. 850 MARKET ST..
Our figures win continuously. Terms $3.00
dally; 815.00 weekly or *50.00 monthly.
a ßr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEARNY ST. Established
in 1834 for the treatment of Privet"
Diseases. I.o*t Manhood. Debility or
disease wearingon body and mind aim
Skin Disvftses. The Doctorcoreswlien
others fail. Try htm. Charges low.
tarn (uai naleed. Call or Viae.
IBBON, Ban Fraoctace, Cat,STEAMSHIP CITY OF PANAMA IS IN PORT
Brings Shipment of
■ Treasure Worth
$72,000.
SIERRA DEPARTS
'Oceanic Company's
: * Liner Sails for
Australia.
The Pacific Mail Company's liner
City of Panama arrived yesterday from
the Isthmus and way ports. She brought
•588 tons of cargo, treasure valued at |
\ ... I and thirty-eight passengers. The \
Panama %\ as met off Lime Point by the I
.Federal doctors, who were ready to i
give the vessel free pratique by; the
• time she reached quaranline. This'
saved the liner the necessity of anchor- j
ing and enabled her to reach the wharf i
'before dark. '
. Among the Panama's passengers was 1
-William C. Agle, a mining man, who is
\Vriting a book based on his life for
five years in Peru and Bolivia, where
lies, he declares,-the Klondike of South
America. Agle has crossed the Andes,
he says, ten times and knows the coun
try whereof he intends to write better
than most white men. The success of a
series of articles on Peru written by
Agle for a Seattle newspaper induced
him, he said, to vent his literary yearn
ings in book form. He has just re
turned from Peru, where he has been
gathering additional data for his story.
The City of Panama brings word of
the death at Panama of James W.
O'Connor, formerly mate and captain
in the Mail Company's service. He died
December 19.
Arthur McEwen, a well-known news
paper man, was a passenger on ttie I
liner. He was accompanied by his wife.
Following is a list of the Panama's
passengers:
William E. Tribit. Inez T. Tribit, Arthur
McEwen, Bessie McEwen, Ruesell P. Cooke,
Henry L Jones, John W. Murray. Wil
liam H. Ltffingwell Nettle S. Lefflng
well. Julius L. Padilla, Edward Miller,
Daniel Miller, William Orleman, Charles
Rlchter James Lord. Albert T. Williams,
James W. White. Henry L. J. Warren, William
Arbuckle, William C. Agle, Vincent L. Rey
nolds. Dickson Wallace, Manuel La Prete,
William H. Thacker, Bernard Lopez, Joseph
Winderleh. George B. Crockett, George N.
Walter, Charles T. Candez. Charles E. Lyn
gard, Alex Lyngard. M. A. Humphreys, Law
rence F Killer, Charles E. Garman, John H.
Kineest. Michael Melten. Thomaa M. Swlg
irin," James O'Brien.
Sierra Sails for Australia.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
•Sierra, Captain Houdlette, sailed yesterday for
Honplulu, Samoa, New Zealand and Australia
with a full cargo and an unusually large num
ber of passengers for this time of the year.
In •around-the-world journeying the favorite
stage Is between here and the Antipodes, and
the liner that put to sea yesterday carried the
-usual number of globe-trotters. , She had fifty
two passengers for Honolulu and more than a
'hundred for New Zealand and Australia.
Among the passengers for Pago Pago was
. Lieutenant Commander R. O. Hitler of the
United States navy.
The Sierra's passengers included the follow-
For Honolulu—Miss B. Benner. A. J. Brock,
Mr? Brock, W. A. Christiansen, Mre. Chrls
jtanspn, Mrs. F. L. Drelschmeyer, G. R. Ewart,
W. E. Grace, L F. Gulwits, Herman Hill, B.
Hodgson-Smith, Mrs. E. Jones and child, Fritz
Kunz B. J. Turner, Master R. Lake, C. W.
U-adbeater. Miss M. Leslie, W. E. McGill, L.
" L Mann, J. S. Mills, Mrs. Mills and child, J.
F M rgan, H. S. Rand, Mrs. Rand, child and
nurst-. W. J. Patterson, Mrs. H. W. Lake,
Park- Tr-rrell. J. H. "R-ageser, Mrs. Trageser.
■W. E. Rowell, Mrs. Turner, Rev. George D.
Watscn. Mrs. W T atson, T. H. Barker, Mrs.
Alice Barker, Miss Mabel Barker, Morris Bird,
~T. M. Jamie, David Lyman, Dr. C. E. Nary,
Mr? Nary, Mrs. T. W. Nawman, R. Porter,
Miss E Porter, E. Smith, Mre. Smith. Mrs.
M. R. Veltman.
Pago Pago—Lieutenant Commander R. O.
. Bitkr, U. S. N.; A. C. Engel, W. H. Byrne,
J-. F. Cox.
Auckland —L. F. Ayson, Mrs. J. E. Brown,
• W. If. Grove, Mrs. Acland Hood, Master Hood,
A. Kane, C. Lamkln, E. Bevan, H. Dingle,
.Mrs. Dingle, J. A. Erskine\ Miss E. M. Har
row, S. Hlggins, W. Hlggins, Master Hlggins.
?vdney—Miss C. Allan, Miss Laura Begg',
.T. F. Cosby, Dr. Frederick R. Foster. Mrs.
.Foster, A. w. Freeman, Mrs. Stanley Harris,
F. Merton, Miss Parkina, Miss Elizabeth Par
kirla. A. E. Pettit, Dr. C. A. O'Reilly. Mrs.
O'Reilly, C. H. Shlvely. D. Swett, E. A. Wein
berg, Mrs. Weinberg.. H. C. Whitehead, R. R.
Wolf, Mrs Wolf, P. Burke, A. W. Clarke,
J. F. Finlay, E. J. Golds, Mrs. A. McCarty,
R. McMillan, J. Wennerberg, F. S. Wilson.
Mrs. Wilson.
To Join at Honolulu for Sydney—H. Harner,
J. W. Thompson. Mrs. Thompson, J. C. Zim
merman, P. R. Cowan, Mrs. Cowan.
Three Years in Port.
A week from to-morrow Captain Gibson of
• the British ship Silberhorn will celebrate the
third anniversary of the vessel's arrival at
this port. She arrived here from Liverpool
January 21, 1902. After discharging her cargo
she was towed to an anchorage off Sausalito
and has been there ever since waiting for a
charter. At the time the Silberhorn arrived
charters were higher than they have been
since. A few vessels were chartered for more
than 40 shillings and Captain Gibson laughed
at an offer of 38s 6d. He Is not laughing now.
The charter refused for the Silberhorn was
taken for another ship and from that day to
this the rates have been falling with more
regularity than the cable dispatches have sent
Port Arthur to'its doom. To-day the rate Is
about 12s 6d. The Silberhorn is still waiting
for something more than 40 shillings. During
his three years in port Captain Gibson has
made many friends here. With Mrs. Gibson
he* lives comfortably on board the Silberhorn,
where he frequently entertains. The Silber
horn has become one of the |>ermanent features
of the Sausalito landscape. Th<- apprentices
who came out on the Silberhorn have all b -tt
sent home, their term of service having ex
pired. A new batch was *ent from England
and a second crop of midshipmen la now
.ripening on the llme-jutcer's half deck, and
unless th* Silberhorn gets sailing orders soon
these youngsters will graduate without having
si en the anchor of their ship hoisted from
. the mud. They are being well trains) in
i hipping iron, but the experience they will
cam <m the Silberhorn in seamanship will be
mostly theoretical unless the vessel leaves her
mud bed and salla out agatn among the ocean
breezes where she can stretch her wings and
•»cat her nose wet. ~. to—l
o—l0 —I
Returns in Distress.
The schooner Novelty, which left here Tues
day for Wlllapa Harbor, returned yesterday
i.uwhat the worse for wear. On
the night of the day she sailed, about 8 p. m..
whi . i rf the Farallones, V he encountered a
northwester which carried away her foremast
"lead. The head gear and fore rigging went
ut of commission with the spar and the
-Vuvelty was in. poor shape for a winter voy
■to Wlllapa. She will be repaired before
i t Fuming her travels.
The Curacao's Cargo.
The steamer Curacao, which sailed on Satur-
Jay for Guajmas. carried an assorted n,er
chandl<-ie cargo, consigned to the port of des
tination and other Mexican ports, valued at
ST.;,!''J2 and in<-!udfng the following:
"15 bbls flour. 27(X> gals :17 cs wine, 744 pkgs
potatoes, 2;i pkgs onions, 466 pkgs fresh fruits,
I*> Phgs fiosh vegetables, 216,116 lbs coffee,
C 063 lbs tea, 3206 lbs butter, 6007 lbs G ca
ICI4 lbs beans, 24 cs baking powder,
1261 lbs cocoa, 275 cs canned goods, 780 lbs
'-•odlisii 520 lbs cheese, 81 pkgß table prepara
" ns, S32u lbs dried fruit, 547 lbs candy, 24
£» olives. 1650 lbs nuts, 1664 lbs 8 cs meals.
1 00 lbs glucose, 883 lbs garlic, 448 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions. 12,542 lbs 100 bxs paste,
16,057 lbs rice, 144 cs 2 bbls salmon, 8006. lbs
S at?<, n., 40s ' lbs 8 cc spices, 121 cs 116 gals whis
ky. 22 cs R i n 44 Ra i s 3CB brandy, 3cs min
eral water. >20 bales hay, 9443 lbs bran. 10
ctls wheat. 5 ctls oats, 3588 lbs malt, 202
flasks quicksilver, 43 cs assay goods, 8i;>0 lbs
blucstone, 2H pkgs electrical goods, 64 pkgs
paints, 12 en rubber goods. 11 bxs jsoop, Itf.l'.H
bs (allow, :ibD(j i b[ , rutin, 23 bdis wire, 4700 it
lumber, 057 bdls shooks, 17 cs ftiae. H pkgs
bicycles, 2 cs arms and ammunition, 37| cs j
sewing machines. 976 lbs lead, 7 bales hose, '
163 bxs candles, S6 pkgs acid, 3629 lbs soda, ;
217 pkgs machinery. 6035 lbs hides, 15,730 lbs
coke, 11 pkgs agricultural implements, 46 bdls ,
01 pcs steel, 115 bdls 147 pcs iron, 59 pkgs
paper. 120 coils rope, 10,222 lbs bone black,
57 bales bags, 25 pkga wagon material. 208
pkgs pipe 130 keg.- nalle. 34 CS drugs. 800 pktfs
railroad material, 330 gals 108 cs oil. 9 pkgs
dry goods, 11 bdls brooms. Si cs boots and
.-hot.-. i
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrogranhic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' ExchafWre, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 12, 1905.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
buildlnj? was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
1 c., al noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Oeodetlc Surrey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 13.
Sun rises 7:25
Sun sets B:14
Moon sets (first quarter) 0:00 in^.
O ITimei ITlmel ITtmel ITlme!
P I 1 Ft. I Ft. I Ft. Ft.
• IH TV| |L W[ |H W| |L. W|
14 I 5:501 6.o7l2:3l] 1.81 6:581 3.5 11:481 2.4
15 U6:2S 5.2 1:22 1.2 8:14 8.6 |
IT, W H W L W H Wj
16 0:451 2.6 7:07 5.31 2:101 0.7 9:10 3.8
17 I 1:40 2.8| 7:48| 5.5| 2:55 0.1 10:C9[ 4.1
18 1 2:32! 2.9| 8:311 5.7i 3.40|—0.4 10:55' 4.4
19 | 3:21! 2.81 9:lS| . 5.8! 0.7411 Ui<i\ 4.6
NOTE—In the above expoeition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
dya, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coas> Survey Charts, except when a minus ( —)
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
Steamer. From. | Due.
Chas. Nelson. Humboldt pan. 18
Northland San Pedro (Jan. 13
Wellington... Oyster Harbor [Jan. 13
Doric China & Japan iJan. 13
Elizabeth ' Coquille River .Jan. IS]
San Pedro Humboldt Jan. IS
S. Barbara San Pedro |Jan, 14
W. H. Kruger Grays Harbor IJan. 14
Czarina Coos Bay |Jan. 14
Argo Eel River Ports Jan 14
G.W.Elder.. Portland & Astoria 'Jan. 14
S. Monica San Pedro IJan. 14
Empire Coos Bay 'Jan. 14
Santa Cruz... San v Pedro & Way Pts.jJan. 15
Pomona Humboldt |Jan. 15
Arctic Humboldt Jan. 15
F. Leggett....' San Pedro ..i Jan. 15
Eureka ' Humboldt Jan. 16
Queen | Puget Sound Ports 'Jan. 16
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. M
Arizonan New York via S. DiegojJan. IT
pomo Point Arena St Albion.. | Jan. 17
Jeanle «-• Seattle & Tacoma |Jan. 17
Alameda Honolulu iJan. 17
Xek'i • Seattle IJan. 17
Assuan Hamburg & Way PortslJan. 18 !
Aurelia Portland St Astoria . Jan. 18
Corona Humboldt Jan. U
Breakwater.. .| Coos Bay Jan. 18
Peru New York via Ancon.. Jan. is*
Coos Bay I San Pedro & Way Pts. Jan. 19
Columbia [Portland & Astoria.... Jan. 19
Enterprise Hilo Jan. 19
Areata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Jan. 19
Santa Rosa... 1 San DIego~& Way Pts. Jan. 19
Point Arena.. Mendocino & pt. Arena Jan. 19
City Puebla.» • Puget Sound PortB Jan. 21
Manchuria...- China & Japan Jan. 21
Sonoma Sydney & W T ay Porta. Jun. l'3
TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
Tuiun 13. I I
January 13.
Seattle direct
Grays Harbor
Wlllapa Harbor
Coos B. & Pt. Orfd
Astoria & Portland
Aftoria & Portland
Humboldt
Los Angeles Ports.
January 14.
Los Angeles Ports.
Point Arena
San Pedro & Way.
N. Y. via Ancon..
Portland & Way..
Humboldt
Grays Harbor ....
January 15.
Puget Sound Ports.
San Diego & Way.]
January t I
G Dollar.. Seattle direct 12 ml Pier 20
Homer Grays Harbor 112 m|Pler 2
Scouoia Wlllapa Harbor.... 4 pmiPier 20
Areata Coos B. & Pt. OrfdllO am'Pler 13
Northland.. Astoria & Portland 12 m|PIer 27
i Cascade Aftoria & Portland 4 pmiPier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 ami Pier 13
San Pedro.. Los Angeles Ports. 2 pm|Pler 2
January 14.
W Kruger. Los Angeles Ports. 11 amlPler 2
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
iAcapulco..* N. T. via Ancon..112 m Pier 40
F. Kllburn. Portland & Way.. 2 27
I Corona Humboldt l:30p Pier 9
i S Barbara. Grays Harbor 1 4 jmi|Pier 2
I January 15. I
I Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
I S Rosa San Diego & Way.| 9 am'Pler 11
F. Leggett.. Astoria & Portland 10 am I Pier 2
January 16.
I 8. Monica... Grays Harbor f 4 pmiPier 2
j Czarina Coos Bay direct... | 5 pmiPier 8
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River j 6 pm Pier 20
! iLiiinier Seattle & Bllnghm 4 pm|Pier 10
January 17. I
Pomona Humboldt ll:30p|Pier 9
j a W. Elder Asiorla & Portlandill amlPler 24
j C. Nelson... Humboldt I 9 ampler 20
January 18.
Arctic Humboldt I 8 amlPler 2
• S. Cruz San Pedro & Way.) 9 am I Bier II
January 19. [
State of Cat San Diego & Way. I 9 amlPler 11
I Porno Pt. Arena & Albion] 6 pmiPier 2
\ j January 30. )
i Queen Puget Sound Ports.Ill amlPler 9
, Jeanle ) Seattle * Tacoma.J 5 pm|Pler 20
I Breakwater ! Coos Bay direct....( 5 pmiPier 8
i January 31. I
1 City Panam N. Y. via Ancon.. 1 pm Pier 40
, NekP Hamburg a Way.. 12 m|Pler 19
j Aurelia Astoria. & Portland I 4 pmiPier 27
I Alameda... Honolulu |11 amlPler 7
January 33.
1 Columbia.. Astoria A Portlandill am|Pler 24
1 FROM SEATTLE}.
FROM SEATTLE.
i .. , , —. — -.
{ Steamer. I Destination. | Sails.
Faiallon Skagway & Way Ports.tJan. 13
'Excelsior Valdez & Way Ports.. Jan. 16
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 17
, Santa Clara.. Valdez & Seward Jan. 24
i Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports, j Jan. 25
Steamer.
Destination.
Fatalion
' Excelsior
! Cottage City..
I Santa Clara..
I Jefferson
Skagway & Way Ports.
Valdez & Way Ports..
Skagway & Way Ports.
Valdez & Seward
Skagway & Way Ports.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, January 12.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson, 58 houra from
Ban Pedro.
j Stmr Gipsy. Leland, 20 hours from Mon
•J terey..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY- 13. 1905.
SHIP SILVERHORN. WHICH HAS
BEEN LAID T'P AT SAUSALITO
FOR THREE YEARS.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller, 18 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Npwsboy, Lee, 35 hours* from Crescent
City.
Stmr Centralia, Erlckson, 62 hour* from
Orays Harbor; bound south; called In for pas
sengers*.
Stmr National City, Ham mar, 15 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, 20 hours from
Eureka. *
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 42 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Br stmr Tottenham, Peters, days from
Ladysmlth.
Stmr City of Panama, Sand berg, 23 days
from Ancon, etc.
Schr Ida A, Campbell. 4 hours from Point
Reyes.
CLEARED.
Thursday, January 12.
Stmr Sierra, Houdlette, Honolulu. Pago
Pago, Auckland ami Sydney; J D Spreckels
Bros & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, January 12.
Stmr Chehalls, Johonsson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr Nevadan. Greene, Seattle.
Stmr Centralla. Erlckson, San Pedro.
Stmr Sierra, Houdlette, Honolulu and
Sydney.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Alcazar, Winkel, Greenwood.
Stmr Alcatraa, Olsen. Point Arena.
Stmr Brooklyn, Carlson, Mendocino.
Stmr G C Llndauer, Allen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Del Norte, Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Asuncion, Brldgett, Ventura.
Br ship Ardencraig, Chapman, Port Town
send.
Schr Eva, Bjornstrom, Eureka.
Schr Wawona, Peasley. South Bend.
RETURNED.
Thursday, January 12.
Schr Novelty, Hoffman, hence Jan 10 for
Wlllapa Harbor, returned on account of carry
ing away of foremast head, head gear and fore
rigging Jan 10. 8 pm, in strong NW wind
off the Farallones: had to keep before the
wind and drifted as far south as Pigeon Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 12. 10 o m—W r eather
cloudy; wind SE: velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC FORTS.
EUREKA—Arrived Jan 12—Stmr Phoenix,
hence Jan 10; stmr Pomona, hence Jan 11.
Sailed Jan 11—Schr Lettie Carson, for San
Diego.
Arrived Jan 12 —Stmr Vanguard, hence Jan
11: stmr Arctic, hence Jan 11; stmr Pientlss,
hence Jan 11.
Sailed Jan 12—Schr Alice McDonald, for
San Pedro; stmr Alliance, for Astoria; stmr
Chas Nelson, for San Francisco.
ASTORlA—Arrived Jan 12—Stmr Aurella,
hence Jan 8.
Sailed Jan 12—Stmr Geo W Elder, for San
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 12—Bktn Chas
F Crocker, from Everett; ach Polaria, from
Everett; stmr Jas S Hlggins, hence Jan 10.
Sailed Jan 11—Stmr Northland, for San
Francisco. •
Arrived Jan 12 —Schr Philippine, from Grays
Harbor; stmr Samoa, from CasDar.
Sailed Jan 12—Stmr Santa Barbara, for San
Francisco; stmr Santa Monica, for San Fran
cisco; stmr James S Higglns, for Redondo;
schr Mahukona, for Portland; stmr Bee, for
San Francisco.
PORT HARFORD—SaiIed Jan 12—Stmr
Santa Crur, for San Pedro.
SOUTH BEND—Sailed Jan 11—Schr Volun
teer, for San Francisco.
ALCATRAZ LANDING—SaiIed Jan 12—
Schr Monterey, in tow of tug Dauntless, for
San Francisco.
VENTURA—SaiIed Jan 12—Stmr Scotia,
for San Francisco.
BELLINGHAM —Sailed Jan 12—Schr A M
Baxter, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH—Passed In Jan 12—Stmr City of
Puebla, hence Jan 10 for Victoria.
VVINSLOW—SaiIed Jan 12—Bktn S G Wil
der, for ——: stmr Roanoke, for Portland.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU—Arrived Jan 12—Bktn Koko
Head, from Newcastle, Aus.
Sailed Jan 12—Bark R P Rithet, for San
Francisco.
MANlLA—Arrived Jan 7—Span stmr Isla
de Panay, from Liverpool.
Sailed Jan 5—U S stmr Dix, for San Fran
cisco, via Nagasaki.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG—Arrived Jan 2—Br stmr Stan
ley Dollar, from Mojl.
NEWCASTLE. AUS—Arrived Jan 3—Ship
Reuce. from Melbourne, to load for San Fran
cisco.
HIOGO —Arrived prior to Jan 11—Br stmr
Peleus, from Llveroool, for Seattle; Br stmr
Satsuma, .from New York, for Manila.
SUEZ —Arrived Jan 11—Span stmr C Lope*
y Lope*, from Liverpool, for Manl'a.
YOKOHAMA—Arrived prior to Jan 11—Stmr
Siberia, *ence Dec 17; Br stmr Emoress of
India, from Vancouver; stmr Hyades, from
Tacuma; Ger stmr Numantia, from Oregon.
Sailed Jan 11 —Br stmr Empress of China,
for Vancouver.
In port—Jap stmr Shlnano Maru, for Seattle.
SHIELDS—SaiIed Jan 10—Br shiD Fingal.
for San Francisco,
k CALLAO— Sailed Jan 11—Ger stmr Den
derah, for San Francisco.
ST LUClA—Arrived Jan 10—Stmr Califor
nlan. hence Nov 20, and eailCd Jan 11 for
New York.
SANTA ROSALlA—Arrived Dec 23—Bktn
Wrestler from Grays Harbor.
Sailed Jan 4—Bktn Wrestler, for Grays
Harbor.
NAGABAKl—Arrived Jan 11—U S atmr
Dix, from Manila, for San Francisco.
SWANSEA —In port Dec 19— Ft bark As
ntores, for San Francisco. Dec 16—Br barg
Saxon, for Vancouver, via Liverpool.
ANTWERP—In port Dec 30— Br ship Wal
den Abbey, for San Francisco.
BREMEN—In port Dec 14—Ger ship Arthur
Fltger for Portland, Ore.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK—Arrived Jan 12—8tmr Pomer
anium from Glasgow; stmr Lombardia, from
Naples and Genoa.
Sailed Jan 12—Stmr La Touraine, for
Havre; stmr Prinz Adelbert, for Naples and
Genoa: atmr Italia, for Norfolk.
LIVERPOOL—Arrived Jan 11—Stmr Lake
i Manitoba, for St John, N B.
Sailed Jan 11—Stmr Sicilian, for Halifax
and St John, N B, via Movllle.
GLASGOW—Arrived Jan 12—Stmr Sarma
tlan. from Boston.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Jan 12—Stmr Ara
bic, from Liverpool, for New York.
TRIESTE —Sailed Jan 6—Stmr Slavonia.
for New York, via Flume.
GENOA—Sailed Jan 10—Stmr Cretic, for
New York; stmr Llguria, for New York.
A UCKLAND^— Arrived Jan 11—Stmr Ven
tura, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Sydney. NSW.
LONDON—Sailed Jan 12—Stmr Menominee,
for New York.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian —Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 12. 5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston 38-22 New York 36-28
Chicago 34-24 Philadelphia 38-28
Cincinnati 52-30 Pittsburg 52-44
Honolulu. H 74-62 St. Louis 42-16
Jacksonville 72-< 2 Washington 32-28
New Orleans 70-64
SAN FRANCISCO 50-42
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 17.37 19.78
Red Bluff 0.00 14.98 12.83 <
Sacramento 0.00 9.66 4.76
San' Francisco 0.00 10.86 6.22
Fresno 0.00 6.21 .92
Independence 0.00 .67 .42
Baa Luis Obispo 0.00 6.73 . 82
Los Angeles 0.00 4.50 .43 I
San Diego 0.00 8.93 . 42
STATIONS.
s
a
i
I B 2
3g33
ilia
3 3 :
■
■
1
?
o
3
ker 30.30 20 4 NE Cloudy .01
rson 30.04 38 20 NE Clear .00
reka 29.94 52 38 SE Cloudy .00
esno 30.12 54 34 E Cloudy .00
'. Farallon.30.01 53 49 SW Rain Tr.
igstaff 30.14 34 26 W Clear .16
catello 30.40 26 12 S Ft.Cldy Tr.
iepenrlence 30.10 46 26 S Pt.Cldy .00
s Angeles..30.14 60 50 S I Cloudy .00
Tamalpal«.80.04 40 35 SW Cloudy Tr.
rth Head...29.90 34 28 E Cloudy .01
oenta ......30.14 62 46 SE Pt.Cldy .02
Int Reyea. .29.96 50 47 SW Cloudy. Tr.
rtland .....30.04 80 28 £ Snow .02
d Bluff 30.10 60 30 8 Cloudy .iiO
seburg 29.94 36 24 NW Clear .00
:ramento ..80.10 62 34 SE Cloudy .00:
It Lake 30.30 30 18 NE Clear .14
n Franclsco.30.08 50 42 SE Cloudy .00
L Obispo. .30.12 56 38 S Cloudy .CO
n Diego 30.06 62 54 W Clear .00
Utle 30.12 36 22 E Cloudy .00
okane 30.34 22 14 NE Pt.Cldy .00
tooeh 29.98 36 84 E Cloudy .00 I
ilia Walla. .30.28 22 16 N Cloudy .01
nnemucca .30.10 38 18 N Cloudy .06
ma 30.12 64 44 E Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Unsettled weather prevails generally over the
country west of the Rocky Mountains, and
there are Indications of the approach of a ;
disturbance of some magnitude along the Ore
gon and Northern California coast.
It Is snowing at Portland and cold weather |
prevails generally in the Northwest.
Southeast storm warnings ar L - displayed from •
Point Lobos to Eureka.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* ending- midnight. January 13:
California, north of Tehachapl—Rain Fri
day; high southeast winds.
California, south of Tehachapl—Cloudy, un
settled weather Friday, possibly rain by night;
fresh south winds.
Nevada —Snow flurries Friday: warmer.
San Francisco and vicinity—Rain Friday;
high southeast winds.
Los Angeles and vicinity—Cloudy, unsetll 1
weather Friday, possibly rain by night; fre?h
south winds.
Sacramento —Rain Friday; high southeast
wind.
Fresno—Rain Friday; high southeast winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecastes,
+ +
Improvement Club Organizes.
The College Imprivement Club was
organized Wednesday by residents of
the district in the vicinity of Par
nassus Heights for the purpose of im
proving the district and obtaining
better car service. The meeting was
largely attended and a permanent
headquarters will be establshhed.
Meetings will be held on the second
Wednesday of each month. The fol
lowing officers were elected: Presi
dent, H. C. Black; vice president, L.
W. Beadoin; secretary, A. W. Bur
gren: treasurer, H. W. Watkins: ex
ecutive committee, H. Hewlett, F. C.
Price, F. W. Lang, George Beck and
A. P. Fuller.
Seidell Was Despondent.
A verdict of suicide was returned >
yesterday by a Coroner's jury in the '
inquest upon the body of William C.
Seidell, a young civil who 1
killed himself in a lodging-house be- j
cause of despondency arising from the
fftct that he could not obtain employ- j
ment. T. B. Berry swore that when 1
Seidell was a young boy he waa al
street gamin in New York City. He \
was taken and cared for by charitable '
people and he graduated at Cornell j
University a few years ago. He paid a
visit to Europe and when he returned
he wandered from one State to an- j
other in search of employment.
Memoranda.
BOBTON, Jan 11—Br stmr Heathglen, from
Hlogo, reports had fire In fort-peak Jan 3 and
considerable cargo damaged, most of whicn
. was for New York.
Per stmr City of Panama—Met in Punta
Arenas the stmr Veronique of the Royal Yacht
Squadron of England, Commander Morrison,
having on board Count Lord Fltiwililams,
with 14 guests and crew of 75 men; Admiral
T'alllster, etc, on board.
FKEE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Large Rox of
BUTTER BRITTLE.
A Delicious Confection,
Made by
THEOPOLD MORRIS & CO.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday CaU.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
GOLD HUNTERS
FULL OF HOPE
City of Panama Meets the Co
cos Island Treasure Expe
dition at Punta Arenas
SECURES A CONCESSION
Earl Fitzwilliam Has For
mer Rear Admiral Palliser
With Him on Veronique
»
The steamship City of •Panama,
which arrived yesterday from the isth
mus, was at Punta Arenas on her home
ward trip in company with the British
steamer Veronique. The Veronique
had on board Earl Fitzwilliam and a
party of British treasure hunters, going
to Cocos Island to gather up the Peru
vian gold buried there, so the legend
runs, many years ago and diligently
searched for ever since. According to
cabie dispatches received here since the
City of Panama left Punta Arenas, the
Veronique either broke down on the
way to Cocos Island or was unsuccess
ful In finding the treasure, for she ar
rived the other day at Panama*and
landed the titled gold hunter, who is
now on his way back to England.
The Veronique is a British tramp
steamer, but by virtue of her mission
and the title borne by her charterer
she figures in the cable dispatches as
a yacht and when the Panama's offi
cers saw her, was flying the flag of
the Royal Yacht Club. On board the
Veronique were fourteen passengers,
all members of a syndicate formed in
England by Henry St. Leger Bury Pal
liser, formerly a rear admiral in the
British navy and once commander of
England's Pacific squadron. Palliser is
on board the Veronique. This is the
third attempt he has made to find the
Cocos Island treasure.
The secret of its hiding place was
confided to him when he commanded
the Pacific squadron. He needed the
money and without a word to his gov
ernment headed his flagship, the Im
perieuse, for the island. He landed
three hundred blue jackets and after
satisfying himself that there was some
thing in the story of hidden gold and
that he held the key to its hiding place,
he withdrew his men and sailed back
to Esquimault.
Meanwhile the Costa Rican Govern
ment protested to the British Govern
ment against Palliser's action In land
ing an armed force without permission
on Costa Rican territory. Palliser was
recalled and retired from the service.
He. had lost his job, but still held the
key to the treasure's hiding place, o£
thought he did. At any rate, he con
vinced his friends that he was in pos
session of a secret that was worth
money. The British steamer Lytton
was chartered to carry home the gold.
That expedition was a failure. The
hiding place of the treasure was found,
but so deeply buried under rocks and
earth that recovering the gold was a
bigger undertaking than the expedition
was in condition to carry out. After
landing Palliser and his party at Pana.
ma the Lytton came north and put in
here October, 1903, short of fuel.
The Earl Fitzwilliam party, say the
officers of the City of Panama, obtained
a concession from the government of
Costa Rica to search-for the treasure
on Cocos Island and. like all previous
seekers after the buried Klondike, were
full of hope and convinced that they
had a get-rich-quick cinch. The Ver
onique had a crew of seventy-four men
and the Earl was prepared to shovel
the whole island into a sluice box if
ordinary efforts failed to bring about a
negotiable realization of the Admiral's
dream. When it was all over the treas
ure-laden Britishers were to land at
Panama, return to England with haste
and buy marble palaces and fast auto
mobiles. The Veronique, no longer a
yßcht, would be released from her
charter and allowed to go tramping
again. She might visit this port, her
officers said.
* +
MANY STUDENTS
ARE GRADUATED
End of Course in Grammar
School Is Observed With
Exercises by the Classes
The Pacific Heights Grammar
School turned out a big graduating
class yesterday at the end of the fall
term to enter the High School. Forty
boys and girls of Miss A. C. Robert
son's class successfully passed the ex
amination and the graduation exer
cies were held *v 11 o'clock in the up
per floor of the grammar school. Miss
A. M. Stincen, the principal, presided
and the rooms were filled with friends
and relatives of the graduates.
The feature of the exercises was the
class singing of many operatic selec
tions and the numbers were repeatedly
encored. Among the selections ren
dered were the toreador song, "The
Legend of the Chimes," Hawaiian
songs, "My Old Kentucky Home" and
many others. The rooms were .taste
fully decorated in greens and carna
tions.
The graduating 1 class Is as follows: Hon
orary—Muriel Burnham. Helen FYlsbl o , Helen
Blumberg. Helen Gillette. Hilda McKean,
Cyril Quill. Oswald Lawton. Richard Jones
and Russell Ryan.
Mabel Bass, Erna Behrendt. Bernice Cag
wln Katherine Dodge, Elsie Davis. Mlra Fr h
man, Dorothy Hill. Evelyn Jones. Helen
Lonlgo, Henrietta Lehberger. Cora Nathan,
Edna Normand, Florence Orr, Haxel Pack
scher Edna Rothschild. Elyse Schulta, Adele
Strauss Emelie Serveau. Mabel Townsend,
Deris "Wllshire, Carlyle Cowden, Porter Fin
ney, Lawrence Fabian, Leon Jones. Louis
Levy, Frank Matsuda, Albert Margo, Kenneth
Moore Raymond Petersen, Monroe Rothschild,
Harry' Sha'rpe.
Exercises at Adams School.
At the Adams Cosmopolitan Gram
mar School, Lliss H. Phillips* class,
there was an interesting programme.
The following were the graduates:
Daniel Hagmeler, William Hus. n, Abe
Llchtlg. Eugene Fagothy, Fenton Nichols, Har
old Landstrom. Herbert lsham. Emil Hier
schuer, "Louis Loeb. William Mcßae. Mervyn
Brenner. Max Firestone. Ernest Kuckeln. Gut
Miller, Edwin Berl, Sol Lesser, Walter West
man 'Harrison Carter. Herman Haar. Mabel
McCarthy, Flora Black, Ethel Rieballng, Elsa
Besthorn. Adelaide Wirtner. Rachael Flick.
Edna Shirpser. Madeleine Mancllla. Olga Hen
rich Flora Falek. Helen Brunn, Edna SmUh,
Efctelle W T olf and Josle Levy.
HEARS REPORT
OF SECRETARY
■ ,
Applications Received From
Honolulu and Porto Rico
for Bricklayers' Charter
TWO DELEGATES ARRIVE
Detained by a Wreck While
Coming From New Orleans,
They Are Still Welcomed
Secretary William Dobson read his
supplementary report at the session
yesterday of the Interntional Bricklay
ers' and Masons' Convention. He re
ported that an application had been re
ceived from the bricklayers and masons
of Hononlulu and Porto Rico asking; for
charters. He suggested that steps be
taken at this convention to grant cer
tain powers to State conferences which
now belong to the executive body. He
also advised that apprentices should be
employed only by contractors and not
by journeymen. He urged that compo
sition and concrete blocks should be
laid by bricklayers. A suggestion was
made to recognize the faithful work
done by Thomas O'Dee, who waa for
years general secretary, and to pass a
measure for the care of the former
member.
William Jesse and Thomas O'Nell,
delegates from New Orleans, reported
at yesterday's session. They explained
that they had been delayed forty-eight'
hours by a train wreck. As their ex
planation was satisfactory they were
seated. The various committees are
now busily at work, as the time limit j
for submitting new matters has ex-;
pired. Two measures were considered
yesterday. The subject of a referen
dum vote, which was defeated at the
Trenton convention, was again dis
cussed. The secretary was in favor of
it with certain limitations. Correspond
ence was received on this subject frem
the cigarmakers' and carpenters'
unions. The cigarmakers. make a ref
erendum vote on officers a compulsory
matter. Those falling to vote are fined
and this penalty brings out a full vote.
On other matters, where there is no
penalty, only a small vote is cast.
As Saturday will be devoted to a trol
ley ride around the city and Monday
the delegates will go on a bay excur
sion, the various committees have de
cided to hold night sessions Ih order
that they may not fall behind In their
work.
Several of the Chicago delegates are :
advocating another union for Chicago.
There are 3500 bricklayers there. The
committee will investigate the matter
and report back to the convention,
which will render its decision.
FATHER GREY'S CIVIL
SUIT AGAINST BRENNAN
Bank Officials Examined to Trace
Money Obtained by Doctor
From Aged Priest.
The trial, of the civil suit of Father
P. J. Grey, the aged Catholic priest,
against Dr. Thomas F. Brennan for
the recovery of $37,514, which, It is
alleged, the doctor got by fraud from
his feeble patient, was begun yes
terday in Judge Sloss' department and
will be resumed next Monday. Grey
is represented by M. C. Hassett and
was not in court. Brennan was pres
ent with his attorney, William M.
Cannon. A criminal action growing
out of the same transaction was pros
ecuted against Brennan in October, :
but the statute of limitations inter- i
vened to prevent its being brought to
a judgment.
In yesterday's hearing representa
tives of the Hibernia, Crocker-Wool
worth and Mutual Savings banks and
the Union Trust Company gave cvi- !
dence tracing the money from the |
time It was drawn on Father Grey's
order in September, 1901.
A fact not developed in the crimi
nal case was that Brennan had drawn
$15,000 from the bank three days af
ter he and the priest had severed their
relations in November, 1903. Grey,
who is almost totally blind, in 1901 .
engaged Brennan as his doctor and j
they lived together in Alameda Coun-;
ty for more than four years. Brennan i
had interested himself, it was charged, I
in Grey's litigation with the Archbish-
Op, involving the ownership of the
money, which Grey afterward won j
and later the doctor got possession of
the whole sum.
Brennan, who has pleaded in his
defense that the money is his and re
fuses to make an accounting of it, was i
on the stand" yesterday. The import- j
ant point in his examination was |
reached in the question as to what he
has done with the money. This was j
objected to by his attorney and the
court will decide the point on Mon
day.
—■ ♦ ■
IN AND AROUND LONDON
ILLUSTRATED BY HOLMES
Bioscope and Colored Photographs j
! Show Some of England's Great
and Historic Places.
With the aid of the bioscope and j
many beautiful colored photographs,
together with a fascinating story de
livered in faultless English, sharpened
!by keen wit, a large audience jour
: neyed last evening with Burton
j Holmes in. his second "travelogue" to
j points of rare interest round about
1 London. v
Under the combined magic of aif.
Holmes' story and moving pictures
• one seemed to see and mingle with
J all classes comprising the inhabitants
!of the great English capital. The ob-,
server was whisked from conveyance
to conveyance, from the pilot of a lo
comotive to boats of innumerable
shapes and kind*, but always to a
vantage point in the front row, and
was never disillusioned unless to won
der why he waa so privileged without
having to surrender even the price of
the ever to be expected "tip."
The audience was first taken down
the Thames, past innumerable Lon
don bridges and the Houses of Par
liament to Greenwich; then back to
i the suburbs where holiday London
, was shown. The thrilling finish at
the Henley regatta amid a perfect
kaleidescope of beauty and fashion
divided interest with the finish of the
' horses in the world famous Derby.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Heat your
office at
once
This weather causes pneu
monia, grippe, colds, etc. If
your stenographer, book*
keeper or clerk gets sick, lays
off for one day, it loses more
money for you than a dozen
heaters cost. Then, too, how ?
about yourself? Isn't your
own health of some valuer
We can warm any office,
store or house quickly
and economically with
GAS
Phone Exchange & for
our expert. Don't wait
to write. Quick action
our style.
THE QjL|§ COMPANY
415 Post, St.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
Tn All Its Branches,
flflFT"— PAINLESS
in all that
the *C f m
Guaranteed full set of teeth 93.00
Guaranteed bridge work, per tooth 53.00
Guaranteed gold crowns, 22 karat gold. .SS.OO
Guaranteed silver fillings 600
We Extract Teeth Positively and Abso
lutely Without Pain.
use no gas; our method la simple, pleas
ant and harmless as milk.
We remove nerves without the slightest pain
to patients, and heal abscessed teeth in from
one to three treatments.
No Students in This Office.
Crown and Br Id are Work We Make a
Specialty.
Note —If you can't afford to pay all down for
your work, pay what you can and we can ar
range easy payments for the balance.
IT DON'T HURT A BIT is what you Will
say If you go to the
AMERICAN PAINLESS DENTISTS
Office hours, 8 to 9; Sundays, 10 to 2.
930 Market St- Opposite Emporium.
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
315 Montgomery Street.
Capital paid up $ 600,000
lividends raid to depositors. 1,656,226
CHAS. CARPY. President.
ARTHUR LEGALLET. Vice President.
LEON BOCQUERAZ, Secretary.
JOHN GINTY. Asst. Secretary.
DIRECTORS:
Dr. E. Artlguez, Chas. Carpy, Leon Kauffman.
O. Boslo, J. B. Clot, A. Roos,
Leon Bocqueraz, J. M. Dupaa, A. Legallet.
J. A. Bergerot. J. S. Gndeau. J. J. Mack.
Interest paid on deposits. Loans made on
Real Estate and approved securities.
f)visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat^
IIUSEUI OF ANATOMY if
A CZh lC3lHAßmST.btt.6tti«7ti.B.r Oil. A
\ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
') — Jn. — World. Weaknesses «r any c. ntract-d ff)
/ uSkSsW diacaa* p*«lsiv«lr nraa njr the eldest T
QJK 31 Specialist on the Coni Eat }6 years, f)
A n**£*l OR. 'JORDAN—D'SEASES OF MEN 6
\ a mRNrV Copaultade* frae and strictly private. \
U U fl T'eetraetu personally or be letter. A mt
YRJT OS H AeiHee Cut* in JTery can undertakes. T
A 9 1 lie* WHte for Pook. rsUt.atMUi'aY e>f A
V a a*a seal a on. mailed vrek. (a y
A U tr valuable book for men) \
OCEAN TRAVEL
oSteamers0 Steamers of company, or
for which it Is agent, leave
Piers 9 and 11. San Ftan-
For Ketchikan, Wrangel,
Juneau, Treadwell, Haines.
Skaguay, etc., Alaska—ll a.
m., Jan. 16, 20, 29. 30. Feb.
4. Chanre to this company's
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver. Port Townsend,
Seattle Tacoma. Everett, South Bellingham,
Bf-ilingham—ll a. m., Jan. 15, 20, 25, 30,
Feb 4. CJiange at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to
C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p m , Jan. 17, 23, 29, Feb. 4. Coronar
1:30 p m.. Jan. 14, 20. 26, Feb. 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
rotate of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crus; Mon
terey. San Simeon. Cayuces, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay 9 a. m., Jan. 14 22. 30, Feb. 7.
Santa Crue (freight only), 8 a. m., Jan.
IS 26
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Oabo Maaatlan. Altata, La Pa«. Santa Roslla,
Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each month.
For further/information obtain folder. Right
la reserved to change steamers or sailing date*.
TICICET OFFICES —4 New Montgom
ery st.(Palace H"tPl), 10 Market st., and B-oao
way wharves. Freight Office 10 Market at.
C D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Mf.rket st., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St., wilt
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
occanicSaSaCO. ss"H f
S S ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Jan. 21, 11 A.M.
R S SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney, Thurs., Feb. 2. 1006, 2 P. M.
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Feb. 7, 11 A. M.
.L.mimsioßOi ca, Agts..ricjMtoinc36ij in
tot 1 regit LtDcg 327 MartK St., Pbt 7, Racite
KOSMOS LINE, SAN F3ANCISCO.
PASSE NOES SERVICE.
Stearoahlp "AMASIS" will sail from San
Francisco. February 2. 1806. for Europe via
ports on tht west coast of Mexico. Central and
South America. Steamship "ASBUAN" will
sail February 18, 1905. For rates and accom
modations apply to LENDAL M. OR AT, Man
ager, 329 Market street.
CO PAGSIB G'ii ERaLe TRANSATLAKTIQOI.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE—Parts.
Patllms every Thursday instead of jfjflJFjl
Saturday, at 10 a.m.. from Pier 42,
Nortfl River, foot of Morton St.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec
nnil class to Havre. *45 and upward. GEN
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
<• a QADA 32 Broadway (Hudson biilldin*).
New York J. F FL'GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. VMontgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket* sold by all Railroad Ticket Agtnts.
per TJ. 8. Navy Yard and ▼aUaio.
m> Strs General Fdsbie Montlcello and Arrow*
9-45 a m 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m., 6 p.m 8:10
p m ; Sundays. 0:45 a.m.._ 12:30 noon. 6 pm }
830 d m Leave Vallejo, 7 a.m., 9 a.m.. 12:.:0
p.m. P 3"15 £». .-5 45 6
snndava 7 a.m.. 9 a.m.. 8:20 p.m.. 6 p.m. Pi. r
5 foot Mission st.; phone Main 1508. HATCH
CRO&
1112
FREE—A LARGE BOX Or THE: N_WCST COKTCCTION,
joiix d. spR-CKjE-LS. .. .Proprtetor
Address Communications to
JOIIX M( XAIAiIiT Manager
\V. J. MARTIN . .Burinesa Manage*
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL.. The Operator Willi Con
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week, 75
Cns. Per Mcnth. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Terms by Mail Including Postage (Cash With
Order) s
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday), 1 year. ..SB.OO
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday), 6 mos 4^oo
DAILY CAU-r—By Sinele Mcnth 7.> c
SU NDAY CALL. 1 Year -••*>
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1 00
rnßFrr .. f Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
* j Weekly. 100 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. I Tjajiy.. .SB.BO Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Bample Copies will be forwarded when re
quested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of ad
dress should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 108S
BERKELEY OFFICE.
$148 Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
6AMUEL W. WALL Post Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31
ITnlon Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNEPS, Marquette Building - .
(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
5008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m. _,
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
!»:.':0 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
816 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
10»: Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
J(>9»". Valencia street; open until B p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. ± —
T Masonic Temple—Stated assem- ~jrjir*
bly THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING at lE3J
7-30 o'clock. Order of the Temple. "V
CHAS. M. PLUM. Commander.
L. A. LARSEN. Recorder Pro Tern.
S\N FRANCISCO Lodge, F. and A. M., «
Mission Masonic Temple—Second De- , _\f
gree THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING at />f\
7:30 o'clock.
A. A. ANDERSON, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M., _
will meet THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN
ING. 7:30 o'clock. First Degree. /▼>
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
BAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 3, _a_S_s___
1 ft O F. — Installation FRI--_P_BH|,
DAY EVENING. January 13.
1«05. Members please attend. ' WMmW*
Visiting brothers welcome.
H. L. MEYERS, N. G.
M. L. BRILLIANT, R. S.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123, L O. O.
F.—First Degree THIS
DAT) EVENING, 8 o'clock ~JHBatF
sharp. Visitors welcome. '.
C. M. IRWIN, N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS, Recording Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, K. of P.. -_S<?
meets THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING
at 8 o'clock, Pioneer building, 24 ■*Sfi_
Fourth st. Page rank. Visitors _g_ss<£
cordially invited, «_-._, „ _,
JOHN McLORTON, C. a
R. N. McLENNAN. X, of R. and S.
EL BEXA _ Lodge No. 9, K. of P., \
Golden Gate aye., meets _HIS\SQjiR//
< FRIDAY) EVENING. Installation "ftflSi
cf officers. _ _ __B_3*%
FRED KLEIN. C. C.
J. W. C. BEATTIE, K. of R- and S.
CAN FRANCISCO Tent No. 18. Atm^kmm.
X O. T M.—Review THIS _jag-^~M_
(FRIDAY) EVENING at 8 ££*f lift TOS
o'clock. Pioneer Hall, 24 \S% 'iVy _»U
D. B.^RICHARDS.
FOR Auld Lang Syne—The St. An- v j*.
Drews' Society will celebrate the —V €-*cff
146 th anniversary of the birth of
ROBERT BURNS on WEDNES
DAY EVENING, January 25, at Scottish
Hall, Larkin st. An excellent musical and
literary programme, followed by a social
dance.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting (annual)—To the
stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany: Please take notice that the annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Oceanic
Steamship Company will be held at the
Siinctpal office of the company (I. c.. 327
larket St.. room 4, second floor), in the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cali
fornia, on SATURDAY, the 21st day of
January, A. D., 1905, at 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of electing directors and,for
the transaction of such other business as
may properly come before the meeting. The
stock transfer books of the tompany will be
clewed ten (10) days prior to said day of
meeting. By order of the board of director.
H. W. THOMAS, Secretary Oceanic
Steamship Company, 327 Market St., San
Francisco, Cal.
San Francisco, January 5, 1906.
-THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by 'hydraulic
process from F. C. Bamum in American
Rouse mine, near American House, Plumas
County, Cal., draining into dry ravine which
reaches Valley Creek and South Fork of
Feather River, and from Harry Johns and
C. F. Cowan, In Spring Hill Mine, near So
nora, Tuolumne County, Cal., draining into
Woods Creek, which reaches Tuolumne Riv
er, gives notice that a meeting to receive
any protests will be held at room 88, Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., Jan. 23, 1905
.. at 1:30 p. m.
SPECIAL MEETING—A special meeting of
the stockholders of the Pajaro Valley Con
solidated Railroad Company will be held at
the office of the company 327 Market street.
San Francisco, on TUESDAY, the 17th day
of January, 1305. at the hour of 11 o'clock
r. m., for the purpose cf electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting. The transfer
books of the company will close on Friday,
January 13. 1905, at 3 p. m. By order of
the president. W. H. HAN NAM," Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Donohoe-Kelly Banking Company will
be held at the office. No. 100 Montgomery
St., San Francisco, Cal.. on Wednesday,
January 18. 1906, at 3:30 o'clock p. m., for
the election of a Board of Directors for the
ensuing year, and for the transaction of
such otUer business as may be presented.
EDWARD DONOHOE. Secretary,
THE annual meeting of the Golden Gats Kin
dergarten Association for the election of di
rectors will be held at 660 Union st. on
MONDAY. January 16, at 10 a. m.
VIRGINIA FITCH, President
JESSEY DORR. Secretary.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
W. G KEEGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 14S Sixth st.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
Advice free in all legal matters; private divorces
a specialty; quick, quiet; no pay unless divorce
is granted; collections made; partnership bill of
sale, wills, deeds, etc., drawn. Open evenings
by request. Established 22 years. O. W.
HOWE. 1122 Market st, bet Mason _ Taylor.
R W. KING, Attomey-at-law, Exam, bldg.,
oth floor; entrance room 011; established 20
years: all courts, general court and office
practice: no fees In advance cr for consulta
tion: evening by appointment Tel. Red 8601.
AA —Dlvoire: costs $12:qulck,culet:advice free;
all law business; no charge unless successful;
open evenings. C 27 Market St.. room 301.
S. CLARK, 927 Market, room 304; consults,
tion free; no fees in advance: open evenltura.
ATTORNEYS AT LAWj—-<3ont_n»d.
ADVICE free; legal divorce, costs $11'; all law
cases handled; no fee In advance; open Sat
urday evenings; other evenlnss by appolnt
niont; call arid save money. Sin r^33.
JOHN GTTIDERY. attorney-at - law, rooms _S
and 4, 240 Montgomery st.; phone Red tM.
ASTHMA CUBE. ______
DI N OLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves instantly;
'10c 23c, 50c. 1602 Market, St. Nicholas, also
Wishart Tenth and Washington, Oakland.
BOARDING FOB
CHILDREN boarded. 540 A Natoma st.
EUSINEES CHANCES.
A.—s2oooToNE of the best paying and elegant
furnished restaurants and oyster grottoes in
this city; location the very best; close to the
aters- 4 years' lease; investigate and make
offer. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A.—sl2Bo; HALF interest in leading bakery,
coffee parlor or lunch room; across the bay;
retiring partner must leave for Germany at
once; bargain. Call B, G. WTLKB, 26%
Kearny st.
A—ssoo; DELICATESSEN stand In leading
market; rent $25; stand does a good paying
business; value In slant. Call R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st. »
A—s3ooo; CORNER saloon on 81xth St.; place
doing a good paying business; estab. years;
lease; a first-class business 1 proposition. For
particulars see R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—$1800; BAKERY In lively town, 30 miles
from S. F.; rent $27; 4 years' lease; baking
2 barrels per day; 3 horses, 2 wagons; large
store trade. Particulars B, G. W 7 ILKE, 26%
Kearny at. ________
A—$800; OYSTER and chop house, close to
Market and 7th sts.; rant $29; good business ;
owner roust sell this place or his other
oyster and chop house on Montgomery aye.;
price $460; rent $16; come Investigate and
take your choice. R. G. WILKES, 26%
Kearny st.
A—sl2oo; ROADHOUSE; 4 furnished rooms;
rent $16; lease; shuffieboard; place estab
lished many years; best location on San Ma
teo road. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—s22oo; CORNER saloon on California st;
rent $75; old established business and good
paying place; fine fixtures: large stock; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—sl2oo; FRUIT and produce stand in leading
market; doing a business of $100 per day; 3
horses. 2 wagons; a splendid offer and rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—$800; RESTAURANT and chop house; close
to 2 carhouses; 5 rooms; rent $33; established
years; doing a first-class business; investi
gate- this is a good business and a bargain.
Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s4ooo; BAKERY and confectionery, estab
lished many years; baking 7 barrels per day;
6 horses wagons and buggy; one of the best
in this city. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—s3so; WELL established real estate office in
Napa Co.; office doing a good business; has
valuable contracts; clearing about $150. Par
ticulars R G, WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—ssoo HARDWARE, locksmith and electri
cal repair shop; established 25 years: best
location. Particulars R. O. WILKE. 261.
Kearny st.
A—$1800; SALOON on water front, close to
Market st.; net rent $120; place established
many years and known as a good paying
business. See R. O. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—s3soo; LIQUOR store, with 5 years' lease;
$2000 stock guaranteed; one block north of
Market: a very rare chance. Call on R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—$1800: RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
dally receipts $50; rent $80; lease; place lo
cated close to Market and a good business.
Call on R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—$1000; HOTEL; a first-class paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen, with 5-year
lease; close to carhouse and other factories.
See R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT for sale In the best
mining town In the State of Nevada; dally
receipts $150; opposite the roundhouse; no
better paying proposition in Nevada. Partio
ulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s7ooo; BAKERY, one of the best in city;
monthly sales $6000; splendid chance for two
partners; not all cash necessary. Particulars
see R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s2soo; HOTEL in Sonoma Co.; 20 fun
rooms ; dining and bar room, bus, 2 horses,
cow, etc., and 7 acre." of land; 5 years' lease:
rent $50, or owner will sell whole property
for $12,000. Particulars R. G. W'ILKB. 26%
Kearny st.
A—sl7so; CORNER grocery and bar, with 5
living rooms, on Sacramento st.; 4% years'
lease; rent $45; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st,
A—s23so- COAL, wood, hay and grain busi
ness: 3 horses. 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best location;
a good cash business. See R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st.
A—$800; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es
tab. 20 years and known as a good busi
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s24so; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash busi
ness; location can't be beat: value In sight.
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
WESTERN REALTY CO. Open evenings.
1007% Martcet st. Phone Folsom 2946.
$600-j-CANDY store and ice-cream parlor on
Market St.; cheap rent; plenty of tools: large
trade: Al fixtures: sacrificed; leaving city.
WESTERN REALTY CO., 1007% Market St.
$150 —BARBER shop; 2 chairs; rent $20; good
trade. 1007% Market st.
$175—PARTNER to take cash and assist In
restaurant; lady or gent. 1007% Market st.
$800 BUYS paying saloon near Turk and Mar
ket sts. See agent, 1007% Market st.
WANTED —Honest and sober man to look
after office and keep plain account*; ex
perience not necessary; small capital re
quired. Inquire 1007% Market st.
TO INVESTORS.
WE HANDLE
High-class propositions only,
From $600 to $50,000.
Have dividend propositions paying all the
' way from 5 to 20 per cent per annum
Fullest investigation courted.
Call or write for particulars.
J. W. JAQUITH & CO.,
James Flood building.
Rooms 874. 876 and 878; tel. John 2421.
WANTED—Energetic and thoroughly reliable
man with $4000 to $6000 to invest and take
management of already established extensive
paying business; salary $150 monthly as
manager besides his. share of profits, which
easily will be $300 to $400 monthly; must be
able to give excellent references. For full
particulars see TONY LUBELSKI, Fischer's
Theater, S. F., or Tuesday evenings at Nov
elty Theater, Oakland, Cal.
A 24-ROOMED apartment house in a choice
residence district for sale; the apartments
are rented all the time and clear over $90
per month; investigate this bargain. Box
8104. Call office.
$1600—SALOON, stock and fixtures; fine loca
tion; good trade and cheap rent; long lease;
must be sold at once on account of sickness.
GEORGE C. YOUNG. Petaluma. Cal.
FOR sale In Oakland—Hotel of 32 rooms; nice
ly and newly furnished; everything new and
up to date; part cash, balance easy terms.
Box 8299. Call office.
$7500—GROCERY and bar (separate); promi
nent corner; immense stock; fine teams, eta;
long lease; established 20 years; owner to rs
tire; no agenta Apply P. Q. box 2228.
NEWSPAPER route for sals In Oakland; a
good Call route in Oakland for sale Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
EXPERIENCED electrician wfth $200 can
buy Interest In fine opportunity. Box 3159.
Call office. .
PARTY with $350 in light business; good
profit; light service required; A No 1 busi
ness. Inquire 283 Fourth st., barber shop.
WANTED—One or two men to learn a trade
must have $10 security; no Sunday work'
Call 212 First st. ■." ~"
SMALL drug stock, with good fixtures, at your
own price: good location; low rent; must sell - -
investigate. 1743 Alcatraz aye., Berkeley. '
CORNER grocery and bar; north Market st •
receipts $60 a day; must sell by February i'
PAC. BUSINESS ASSN., 1148 Market st".
FOR SALE —A notion, cutlery and stationery
store. 19 Fourth st, city. See FRANK A.
VAIL, 741 Market st. •
SALOON for sale In Point Richmond; good
trade and everything complete. Address box
8099. Call office.
FOR sale—Cigar store on Market st. Inquire
823 Larkin st.
DINING-ROOM and kitchen to let in connec
tion with lst-class rooming-house. 067 Sutter.
ARE you looking for a grocery and bar? Iti
quire 726 Folsom st.; price right.
LIQUOR store and saloon; fine wine cellar;
good lease and cor. 2808 16th. cor. Howard.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1905.
A—CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1060.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Here lr an opportunity of getting one of the
best groceries and bars In city; fine transfer
corner; downtown and doing big business;
cheap rent; 5 years' lease; receipts average
$1806 to $2000 per month; never changed
hands; best of reasons for selling. CAM
ERON & CO.
Exchanges made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAM
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy et.
One of th* best grocery and liquor stores: been
established for 20 years; doing fine business;
clearing $:;oo to $500 per month; owner has
made fortune and wishes to retire from busi
ness; good horse and wagon, with complete
stock, goes for $1800; fixtures worth price
asked; present owner there 8 years.
For sale—First-class bazaar and cigar busi
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rent,
fixtures and store up-to-date; established 1/
. years; fine new stock of goods; has never
changed hands; now clearing $350 and over
per month; best reason for selling; an _op-
portunity of a lifetime. SEE CAMERON
tz CO.
For sale—Well furnished and equipped country
hotel; 69 rooms; rent only $160; ten-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through
out; about 60 miles from S. F.; fine, grow
ing town; present owner made fortune ana
wants to retire. CAMERON _ CO., 8 Eddy.
First-claas saloon; downtown; two blocks from
Market St., rent $75; well fitted up; receipts
$18 to $23 per day; must be sold ° n account
of other buainess; price, $1600. CAMERON
t% CO.
First-class short order restaurant, downtown;
fittings new and up-to-date; receipts $i 5 to
$80 per day: fine opportunity to get Al prop
osition reasonable; best of reason tor sell
ing. CAMERON - CO.
For sale—First-class downtown cigar store;
doing good business, but disagreement of
partners cause of sale. CAMERON St CO.
For sale—Well located, 3-chair barber shop
on Fillmore St.; rent $15: doing good busi
ness; old established stand; here is a chance
to get paving business for little money;
owner leaving city; price $300. CAMERON
& CO. J
INVESTORS —Your attention Is called to the
stock of a corporation engaged in the manu
facture and sale of a hardware specialty
upon which a patent has been allowed, which
stock is for sale in amounts to suit. The ar
ticle is displacing other articles Intended for
the same purpose now on the market on ac
count of its simplicity, lightness and ease of
operation. A well known business man is at
the head of the enterprise, and the profits
which can be made in the business will allow
a good income on the investment. Full par
ticulars at Sonntag's Patent Agency, 214
Pine st.; telephone Front 14. A full investi
gation solicited.
A GOOD paying boarding-house and bar for
sale. Apply to W r ashington Hotel, 14 Wash
ington St., near East.
WILL exchange park property for business or
lodging-house. Box 2934, Call office.
$1000; HALF lntereet In bus. worth $5000;
grand opening; Investigate. Box 3123, Call.
FOR sale —Account departure, cheap; paint
shop, complete. 288 O'Farrell; fruit store.
% OR 1-3 interest new Impd steam cylinder
and valve structure for etm. egnes. 3080 Call.
GROCERY and bar on Folsom st. for sale for
$1400. Address box 3405. Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—The Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
A —CAMERON - CO. Phone South 1050;
8 Eddy trt., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-bouses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
Beautiful new building; grand entrance!
electric elevator, lights; steam beat; 60 light
and sunny rooms, elegantly furnished; spacious
halls, draperies and fittings of the best; where
you can have an exquisite home besides clear
ing $300 per month above all expenses; close
In; cheap rent and long lease; this house is
always full of best people; sickness causes
sale; exclusively with us.
14-room house, furnished In oak and mahog
any; good carpets; first-class location; all full
and clearing nice little salary every month;
you can get It for $600 cash.
Grand, new, modern apartment-house; beau
tiful building; elegantly furnished; good long
lease with cheap rent; only 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny _t.; has 180 rooms and pays $500
to $600 per month; always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had if taken at once.
• This is a fine opportunity for some one with
$1000 cash to get 26 rooms well furnished In
oak And cherry; everything in first-class shape
and clears $85 above all expenses; leaves 3
rooms for landlady; balance can be paid out
of house.
For Bale, 4 years' lease and business of 27
-room northeast corner house, well and com
pletely furnished and equipped boarding-house;
swcllest location in city; full permanent, first
class people; on account of departure soon
opportunity is offered to start In business for
the small investment of $500.
Rare bargain can be got in a beautifully
furnished 100-room downtown house, carpets,
furniture and draperies of the best; building
and furnishings less than two years; electric
elevator, lights, steam heat; everything mod
ern and up-to-date; cheap rent; owner com
pelled to leave city on account of other busi
ness; bargain of a lifetime; exclusively.
Downtown 6-room upper flat, corner, all
sunny rooms; rent only (SO; can get lease;
beautifully furnished and cost (1280; new less
than 1 year; big snap at $650.
High-grade family hotel on the hill; ele
gantly furnished; has 80 light and sunny
rooms: always full and clears a fine income,
but sickness Is only cause for being on the
market; good chance for some one to get pay
ing investment at sacrifice.
Rare chance to get choice 7-room flat; rent.
Including garbage and janitor service, $40 per
month; furnished in mahogany and oak: best
body Brussels carpets; new 1 year and oost
$800 to furnish; will sell for $450 on account
of leaving city.
16 rooms well located on Eddy st.; rent only
$65; oak and cherry furniture; clears $76;
leaves 3 best rooms for landlady; everything
first-class condition; here Is a fine home com
bined with nice little business; part down, bal
ance as you make it.
70-room country hotel; best Interior town In
State; barroom, 2 dining rooms and 6-room
cottage besides; rent $100 per month: can get
10 years* lease; brick building: everything fins
condition; fine business proposition.
Here Is a nice little home of 12 'well fur
nished rooms; rent only $60; where you can
clear $50 ocr month and have 2 best rooms;
Van Ness aye.; only $850.
24 beautifully furnished rooms; new house;
new furniture; modern and up-to-date; com
pleted less than 2 months; close tn; sudden
Illness in family causes sole chanoe to get
brand new house as cheap as old ons. Owner
sick in bed; rare opportunity.
Beautifully furnished 6-room modern flat;
new 6 months ago; rent only $25: fine location;
cost oyer $000; to be sold for $400; departure.
Choice 80-room downtown European hotel;
strictly flrst-class snd thoroughly respectable;
every equipment; modern and up-to-date; al
ways full and clears $350 to $400 per month;
best reasons for selling; exclusively with us.
New. modern 8-room upper flat; choice loca
tion on Ellis: mahogany, btrdseye maple fur
niture: Axmlnster and velvet carpets; cost
$2200 to furnish; will be sold at one-half cost
on account of buying larger house.
We -have a number of special bargains in
fists of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern; can
be had for lees than half cost to furnish;
must be sold, either account of sickness or
departure.
Have large list of real estate, hotels, room
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON St CO.. 8 Eddy st,
206-ROOM lodging-house.
90-room apartment-house.
87-room lodging and apartment house.
54-room lodging-house.
60-room lodging-house.
Newly furnished and centrally located.
Apply 338-342 Post St.; no agents.
THE Manilla House, 737% Howard st., is for
sale at your own price; positively pays $100
per month, but owner is aged and sick and
must sell; no other reason; investigate and
be convinced.
NEW FIRM—FISHER * CO.—NEW FIRM.
. Successors to Mitchell St Co. in rooming
houses, hotels and fiats. James Flood bldg.,
Powell and Market; r. 430. Phone Main 3354.
I HAVE best located, best paying 80 -room
house in city; must sell Immediately; great
bargain. Box 3120, Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE, - 28 rooms, for" sale; rea
sonable; in good location. Address box 3505.
Call office.
S ROOMS; rent $35 per month; Income over
$65; always full; price $325. 214 Ellis at.
lb" ROOMB and bath; cheap; good location;
low rent income. 817 Post st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB gA-B—Con.
Phone Main 3343. Money to Loan.
. y
MARION GRIFFIN.
•70 Market, oor. Powell; new Flood bld.r. 801.
Free List Hotels and Rooming-Houses.
THOUGHTFUL PURCHASER,
we call your attention to 2
modern apartment houses of 70
and 180 rooms. Each is a
profitable investment, which we
will absolutely prove to you if
you will call on us and per
sonally investigate.
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room 801,
New FLOOD Bldg.
YOUR check Is good for $S5O;
you pay the other $860 in little
monthly payments. Furnish
ings are very fine, cost $2110;
profit $91 monthly. Eminently
respectable. Best furnished 21 -
room house in San Francisco.
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room 801,
New FLOOD Bldg.
MAKE an offer; $90 clear
monthly; carefully examine this
30-room house; rent only $55;
rooms pay $6 per room; price
asked, $1800; all housekeep
ing rooms; almost no work for
the landlady. Don't forget
that rent Is almost nothing.
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room 801.
New Flood Bldg..
No. 970 Market,
Corner of Powell.
PARDON us for being plain
spoken. Only a person with a
good education and of a re
fined nature would succeed in
this 68-room house, partly fur
nished; long lease, low rent.
Price $3600. Should clear $300 •
monthly.
MARION GRr_*lN.
Room 801,
New FLOOD Bldg.
SUTTER-ST. bargains. Three
splendid propositions, and each
most beautifully furnished.
"With us exclusively; 30 rooms
for $2000; 40 rooms for $3000;
50 rooms for $4000. Easy terms
if desired.
MARION GRIFFIN,
970 Market St.,
Room 801.
ONLY $100 down and little pay
ments; 10 rooms: nice house on
Geary; clears $30.
MARION GRIFFIN,
R. 801, Flood Bldg.,
Opposite "Emporium."
Rooming-Houses and Hotels For Sals.
H. C DECKER 906 MARKET ST.
H. C. DECKER PHONE JOHN 631.
SQUARE DEALING —CLEAR TITLES.
Over 28 years selling houses in this city.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
See the following bargains:
20 rms.; transient $850
14 rms.; only $350 cash $750
19 rms.; rent $75; only $250 cash $750
24 rms. ; all light and sunny ; rent $60. .$l4OO
Senna.; Market-st snap $2500.
25 rms.; up-to-date hotel; swell location.s32oo
10-rm. house; new fumirfrra $600
27 rms.; Post St.; transient $2000
12 rms.; $300 cash, balance payments $600
24 rms.; clears $150; owner retiring $1600
24 rms.; Market st, sunny side $1400
60 rms.; new, modern; bargain $3500
15 rms.; new carpets, good furniture $800
218 rms.; apartments; cost $25.000 $11,000
15 rms.; sunny corner; cost $1500 $1000
firms.; modern flat $400
14 rms.; nicely furnished; gift at $750
10 rms.; corner; clears $40 a month... .$4OO
24 rms.; fine location; part cash $1600
46 rms.; hotel and bar; yours for $3000
See DECKER, hotel broker. 906 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED —To purchase lodging-house; fur
nished: 16 rooms. 'Box 3094, Call.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A—EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY
To Consult
RICHARD MAYO
At Reduced Charges.
Complete clairvoyant readings 50c this week-
No charge unless satisfactory.
You can be the Judge.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you
came for ar.d what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age, occupa
tion. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood
before you.
LOVE, COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs,
troubles, marriages, restores lost affections,
reunites the separated.eettles lovers'quarrels.
TELLS YOU WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
And how to WIN the man or woman you
love and how to make your husband or wife
be true to you, ana how to overcome all
your enemies and how to make a person at
a distance think of you and how to DE
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM. THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS.
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable.
Ellis st—42lA—Ellis st.
Hours—lo a. m. to 8 p. m. Private flat
MME. LYNN,
The Eminent Clairvoyant — Psychic — Mystic.
Special Reduction This Week.
Readings 500 50c 60c 50c 500 60c 50c 500 60a 60c
Wonderful, bewildering is the work of Mme.
Lynn, whose readings are a revelation; advice
on love, marriage, courtship, business, mines;
also reunites the separated; gives secret power
to control any ono In 21 days. She tells your
full name and what you want to know. All
business strictly confidential.
289 Powell St.. near Geary.
0 Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. LANGE gives you advice by her genuine
Egyptian sympathy, palmistry, spiritualism
and crystal readings; has the magnetic mir
ror, the greatest secret of the world; tells by
cards; shows picture of future; coma, con
vince yourself; 60c up; Sundays. 38 Turk st
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medium, reads your life cor
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs in life: never failed to give satis
faction; 26c up. 17 Third st., next Examiner.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; bora
with second sight; tells past, present, future:
ladles, 50c; gents by cards, $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings. $1 50. 303 Jones.nr.Eddy.
LIVINGSTONE.
For reliable clairvoyant reading consult
LIVINGSTONE,
26% Kearny st
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress, The Vendome, 1104
Market st, San. Francisco. Office house—lo
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes
day evening, 6to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS M. WILLE 310 Ellis st, clairvoyant,
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques
tion; names given; $1: hours, 10 to 8.
A— m MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
» The Well Known Trance Medium.
Readings dally 10 to 5. 343 Geary st.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 60c,
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
MME.""KIvONENBERo7 palmist clairvoyant
card reader: when others fall try me; read
lnes 25c 102% Sixth st., near Mission.
MISS WARD, 1206 Market st, parlor 31, clair
voyant, gives names, dates; take elevator.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reader and
teacup; 25c up. 222% Eddy st., lower flat
MME. ELLA from New York, greatest card
reader in West; 25c and 50c. 1206 Market st
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings dally. 108 6th st.,rooms i-2
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents —The* Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SPIRITUALISM.
PRACTICAL miner and psychic, wishing to.
benefit the world, will locate mines free of
charge until they are developed. 255 Steven
son st.
A—MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
MRS. CRlNDLE—Materializing seance Friday
eve., 8 o'clock; 60c. 328 Ellis st.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium: 3568 17th
St.; readings 1 to 5; tel. Capp 856.
PROF. FRED EVANS noted elate-writer and
clairvoyant 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
CREDIT CLOTHIERS.
C. F. ADAMS
for everybody from hat to shoes: you can get
what you want from us and have It charged.
O-OTHINO RENOVATIHO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, Examiner bldg., r. 4*o;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
B
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market st;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479. •
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING S Pioneer Carpet-beat
lng works, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har
rison st; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE
DORN _ CO.; phone Mission 226.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.—First-class
_carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
COLLECTION OFFICES. *
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate—The Whalebone—Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns $3 60; nllinge 50c;
plates. $5, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM KILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
GOLD fillings, 750; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; op. Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewitt,lol% Grant aye
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-denrist,r.l4,lst
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market cor. CFarrell.
PARIS Dental parlors, 235 Kearny, oor. Bush—
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 250
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Stitter st and Grant aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking &
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class, 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
A—THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col
leges, is now In its twelfth year; the work is
better than ever before; departments In Eng
lish literature, languages, mathematics, sci
ences, history, etc., are excellent; two of the
best teachers in California are In charge of
English and of mathematics; come and we
will prepare you well; references President
Jordan or any Stanford professor; day and
evening sessions. Phelan building.
AT 2 p. m. Mondays, Wednesdays and Thurs
days, classes in short-story writing and
Journalism are taught at room 333, Phelan
bldg.; terms very moderate; Join these
classes; Instruction thorough; real and rapid
progress assured.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month: life scholarship
1 $50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post st, S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light: all graduates are getting posi
tions. S. F. Business College, 738 Mission st
ENGINEERING—CiviI, dec... mln., mech., sur
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
ncr Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
Established 1863; largest in the West; an
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
DESIGN machines and structures by strength
materials and graphic statics; evenings;
mail. 20 Hartford st.
ALL Eng. and com. branches, $5 mo.; 47 les
sons Benn Pitman shorthand hold any posi
tion; mdiv. Instruct West. 8u5.C01.,1281 Mkt
IRVING Institute School for Girls, 2126 .Cali
fornia st.; Easter term begins Tuesday,
January 8, 1905.
a3gaLLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A—METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 608 Van Ness
aye.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
MME. PRILL'S Piano School, London Con.
2106 Golden Gate aye.; resident pupils taken.
BOOKKEEPING—Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR, expert. 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. 828 Halght st.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln
man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk, nr. Cat,
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett 802 Montgomery.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.—Night class.
SPANlSH.French.etc.Prof.De Fillppe'sAcademy
of languages, 1018 Post; eat. 1871; ablest profs,
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A—JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA, 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A—ORPHEUM Employment Office —Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st.; tel. Main 5752.
A—JAPANESE and Chinese help. Wit
YOSHY, 415 Stockton st; tel. Bush 859.
CHINESE Employment Office—Best help at
Leon Seung/s, 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—FEMALE.
YOUNG lady, conscientious worker, Callfor
nlan, with others dependent upon her, seeks
this means to obtain a position of some kind
in a responsible business house; can fill posi
tion as cashier, bookkeeper; writes an ex
cellent hand; can manage a private telephone
exchange; Is clever with the needle and will
ing to consider any fair proposition that will
give her employment and will work for a
moderate salary until worth Is proven; best
of references; no triflers, please. Box 3172,
Call office.
A—WOMAN with a child, good cook, wants
work, city or country. 824 Mason st; phone
Black 2396.
A—EXPERIENCED child's nurse with refer
ences wants position. 824 Mason st; phone
Black 2396.
RESPECTABLE Danish girl wishes position to
do general housework; wages $25. Please
call at 2634 Twenty-fourth St., between Po
trero aye. and Utah st.
A YOUNG American girl wants a situation in
a email family to do light housework. Ad
dses« A. B. C, 8566 Twenty-second st.
A SITUATION by a middle-aged woman for
housework and good cook. Call 1018 How
ard st., top floor; no postals.
SWEDISH girl wishes to do cooking In private
family; good cook; good references; wages
not less than $30. 434% Jessie at
EXPERIENCED lady wishes position in
bakery, or will take plaoe as housekeeper.
1257 McAllister st.
SITUATION as working housekeeper to wid
ower; mother's care to children. Box 2170,
Call branch, 2200 Fillmore st.
WANTED —Position as housekeeper. Box
• 8162, Call office.
LADY takes washing home; open-air dry.
Phone Page 7931.
A RESPECTABLE woman with a child would
like a position as housekeeper. Box 3171, Call.
WOMAN with 2 children, one 8 and one 10,
wishes a position as general housekeeper or
cook on a ranch; wages no object Box 3108,
Call office.
YOUNG German woman wants housecleanlng
for this Friday and Saturday; $1 a day.
MRS. V., 9 Ritch st, off Folsom, bet. Third
and Fourth, in rear.
RELIABLE Eastern girl desires general house
work and cooking; American family: Is kind
to children; Oakland preferred. Box 3118,
Call office.
TWO young ladles wish situations, one to do
general housework, other to assist: $15 to $20
per month. Call at once 754 Folsom st, bet.
Third and Fourth.
DRESSMAKER and tailoress, good fitter, cut
ter and designer, would like a few more en
gagements by the day. 1422 Post st, near
Octavia.
BOOKKEEPER, cashier, typist; young lady,
expert accountant: quick, accurate: all mod
ern "methods; highest references: last posi
tlon 4 years. Box 3129. Call office.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation to do
general housework: is a good cook; city or
country; no postals. 287 Minna St., near
Fourth.
YOUNG widow wants position as nurse to two
children or elderly lady, or light work. Apply
1750% Howard st. afternoon.
BJIPLOxT_BffTWAWro-^m^-^ttt
WANTED —Position as working housekeeper;
would prefer a family with children; no ob
jection to town across the bay. Box 3087,
Call office.
A YOUNG lady, reliable and very steady,
would like work; can do typewriting and
light bookkeeping; $35 per month. Box 30n.
Call office.
A~WOMAN wants a place for general house
work and washing; wages $1 50. Apply 112
Tehama st., n?ar Second.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work by the
day. 2 Juniper St., near Folsom, bet. Tenth
and Eleventh.
RELIABLE Swedish girl wishes position to do
second work; wages from $25 to $30. Please
call at 2775 Fillmore St., cor. Valle)o.
RESPECTABLE youn-,' woman as working
housekeeper, with little girl « years. Please
call at 408 Eighth st. t
A COMPETENT woman desires washing or
housework by the day; terms $1 and carfare.
Box 3130, Call. ,
A COMPETENT woman desires to be em
ployed half days at washing or housework;
term B "5 centa Box 3124. Call.
A SITUATION wanted by an elderly woman,
light housework, plain cooking; wage-, »u>.
Call 2911 Sixteenth st.
CANA DIAN lady wishes position as companion
or lady's maid; no objection to travel; Prot
estant; give particulars. Box 307-, C—L
POSITION with a responsible house by a
capable business woman: inside or outside
work. Box 3030. Call office.
WOMAN with a child wants position house
keeping. Box 9005, Call office.
SEAMSTRESS wishes engagements; $1 60 a
day. Phone Capp 2SCB.
HOUSEKEEPER'S position In apartment,
rooming or family. Box 8106, Call office.
A YOUNG German girl for general housework.
1714 Turk st.
LADY wishes to do chamberwork In hotel.
Apply 297% Clara st.
A TRUSTWORTHY Japanese girl wishes posi
tion as Dlaln cook in private family: wages
$5 per week. MARY M. H.. 744 Post St.;
tel. Sutter 1731.
A YOUNG Japanese woman, good plain cook,
wishes a position doing general housework.
Address 112 Golden Gate aye.; phone Fol
som 1585. '
A JAPANESE neat girl wants position; gen
eral housework or aedond work. T. X.,
415% Powell st.
A JAPANESE girl wants position to do house
work. cooking. K. X.. 539 Stevenson St., city.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
A—SITUATION wanted by a first-class gar
dener with California experience and refer
ences. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra
mento st.
YOUNG man, business ability, bookkeeper,
stenographer, ten years' general office ex
perience, offers service, view acquiring in
terest paying business; city or oountry.
References given. Box 3134 Call.
AA—A FIRST-CLASS painter, paperhanger,
tinter and grainer, desires work by the day
or Job; tools furnished: work guaranteed;
prices cheap. 1434 Devlsadero st.
RELIABLE, competent man wants work of
any kind around hotel, apartment house,
office building, or any place. CHARLES
JOHNSON, 392% Third st.
STRONG boy, willing and anxious to procure
work or learn trade: lives with parents.
Address "F. 0.," 1835 Eddy.
YOUNG man wishes situation in city or coun
try; has had two years' experience on
chicken ranch. Box 3157, Call office.
COACHMAN, English, wishes position, thor
oughly experienced; New York references;
sober; city or country. Box 8141, Call.
A YOUNG man wants position as collsotor
or checker, age 21. Box 3146, Call.
FIRST-CLASS butcher wants position, good
block man. Address box 8160, Call office.
ELDERLY man wants work; anything; active,
willing, etc. Please answer box 8196, Call.
COMPETENT gardener and general man
around place wants position; can handle
horses'and «rlve. GEORGE WALLOP, Do
minican Sisters, Twenty-fourth and Guerre
ro sts.
MAN and wife desire positions to cars for
small private place; man can do any kind
of ranch work; understands the care of
horses and can milk. Box 3181, Call office.
AS attendant to invalid or mental patient by
competent, reliable man; responsible refer
ences; massage or any treatment prescribed;
terms moderate. Box 3117, Call office.
WANTED —Position as all around man, in city
or country; have good set of tools and know,
how to use them. J. W. R., 726 Washing
tn St., room 4.
YOUNG man, has had 5 years' experience as
a trained nurse, two years in naval hospital,
would like situation in his profession; good
references. Box 3082, Call.
PLACE for young man to work for board and
room while attending business college. Box
3084. Call.
AN all around machinist. Just from the East,
desires position; 11 years' experience in mod
ern shop* Box 3095, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS bartender wants position to
work in a first-class house in San Francisco
or Oakland. Box 3115. Call office.
BLACKSMITH wants work in city; carriage
shop preferred. Address D. W. PEERY,
1130% Howard St.
GOOD cook wants work in city; total abstain
er; good references. Preferred address. A.
SAVAGE. Hotel Tremont, 1864 Market st,
A BARBER. 2% years' experience, would like
to finish trade under competent man. Box
1647. 1008 Market st.
BY implement and windmill salesman; can set
up and demonstrate. Box 3081, Call.
A BARBER wants steady Job; a good and sober
man. Address box 3091. Call offlos.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants steady Short-hour
Job. Box 3119, Call office.
TRUSTWORTHY and competent young Jap
anese boy, speaks good English, would like
a plaoe tn small family to do light housework
and plain cooking; best of references. Bex
8079, Call.
A JAPANESE young educated boy wants a
situation as general plain cook or house
work in private family. S. M., 2505 Mission
St.; tel. Church 333.
JAPANESE, specially experienced In cooking,
all round servant and having references, de
sires a situation. HENRY TAKETA, 258 A
O'Farrell st
A GOOD Japanese boy wants position as a
schoolboy or to do half-day work in a nice
family. Address 518 Jessie st.; phone South
99.
JAPANESE, good cook, wants a position in
family in this city. HARRY, 415 Powell st.;
rhone Green 225.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as waiter
and housework in a good family In city. S.
A. X., Y. M. C. A.. 121 Halght St.
JAPANESE wants position, any kind work,
every afternoon. HARRY ISLIN, 744 Post
St. Tel. Butter 1731. f
BUTLER, first-class Japanese, wishes position;
has good references. GOTO, 407 Post st.;
phone Main 936.
JAPANESE, good boy; wants position; any
kind night work. 8. MORI. 716 Leaven
worth st.
A JAPANESE wants a position, cook and
housework or as porter. FTJJIMOTO, 1 Ade
laide piece.
FIRST-CLASS young Japanese cook wants
steady work' in a first-class family in city or
country. E. SASAKI. 640 Pine st.
JAPANESE wants a position as waiter, cook or
houseworker. HENRY ICHIKI. 931 Sacra
mento st.
JAPANESE, gentle and honest, wants' poei
tion as cook; has experience. S. ROY, 830
Sacramento st.; tel. Larkin 4031.
GOOD Japanese wants position to do cooking
or housework in a nice family. J. NAKAI
923% Washington st.
GOOD Japanese boy wants situation as porter
in store or saloon; speaks English. X
NAKA, 1110 Steiner st.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese cook and dishwasher
wants position. 20 Derby place, off Taylor.
JAFANEBE gofld cook and housework Ad
dress SUMI, 313 Sutter st.; tel. Black 4241.
JAPANESE wants work as general helper,
especially for the cook. Box 3088. Call.
JAPANESE wants position in saloon as waiter
or cleaning Box 3080, Call.
CHINESE with experience as excellent family
cook; temperate; references; wages $35 or
$40; city or country. Address 340% Third
St.: between 9 and 12 a. m.
AMERICANIZED Chinese wishes position in
store or wholesale house, or any kind of
work. ED.. 1011 Paclflo st
SMPLOTI-EITT WAlTT_a^Male^Ooß.
WANTED —Position as coachman; first-class
references. Address Coachman, box 150, San
Mateo. Cal.
CARPENTER (non-union), experience tn store
fixtures, wants work. Bqjfr 3075, Call office.
MILKER for 20-25 cows wants situation. Box
3064. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS pastry cook and confectioner
desires position. Box 3057. Call.
POSITION as blacksmith's helper: 15 months'
experience. D. W. PEERY. 1130% Howard.
BARBER wants position; first-class, union
man. Box 3122. Call.
ECZEMA CURE.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber Itch that I can't cure; a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN 54 Sixth st.
FINANCIAL-
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid in $4,600,000 00
Surplus 940,901 8.
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
, At par.
Offlos —No. 14 Sanaotns sC,
San Francisco, CaL
FOR sale—Realty Syndicate certificates! any
amount, Boc on the dollar. 107 Crocker bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A—HOUSES and flats to let; an immense Hat:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 246-59 Geary
St.. on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de
sirable vacant place In San Francisco oa
our lists; service absolutely free; let us find
you a place; come In and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "we
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company,
1039 Market St.. opp. McAllister
SACRAMENTO, 2463-5-7 nr. Fillmore —Three)
beautiful new flats, 6, 7 and 8 rooms; sun in
every room; marble steps; electric lights; re
ception hall; rent $35 to $45.
$12 —THREE rooms and cellar; small family.
69 Woodward aye., near Fourteenth and Mis
sion .
SANCHEZ, 115, near Duboce Park—New sunny
flats of 6 and 7 rooms; rent reasonable; open
afternoons.
NEW, elegant flats; latest Improvements; Just
finished; park panhandle. STRAUB. 630
Market st. __________
SUNNY 4-room flat to Ist. Apply 728 Steven
son St., off Ninth.
$18—6 ROOMS and bath; lower part, 12 Guy
place, oft First, Just above Folsom.
FILLMORE, 2208 A—Flat of 5 rooms and bath;
yard: modern; rent reasonable. .
AVERY, 6, off Geary, near Fillmore —Flat of
8 rooms; afternoon sun; gas; yard; $11.
NEW modern, sunny flat. 6 rooms, bath; rent
$27 50. 165 Alpine st., bet. 13th and 14th.
POST, 2607% —Flat of 5 rooms: all modern im
provements; no children: $16.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let Call
on LYON ft HO AG. 116 Montgomery st.
FLATS FOB SALE —FURNISHED,
ELEGANT, well furnished, upper, sunny flat. 9
rooms; must sacrifice; going away; $500
down. 923 Jones st. near Bush; call be
tween 11 a, m. and 4 p. m.
$50 DOWN —Sunny fl-room flat. Golden Gats
aye.; well furnished: swell neighborhood: low
rent; $176. 26 Montgomery st., room 8.
FURNISHED flat of 6 rooms for sale; reason
able. Call bet. 9 and 3, 442 Fulton st.
PINF, 732 —For sale, bargain, pert furniture
flat 5 rooms and bath; rent $25; make offer.
FLATS TO LET—FURNISHED.
A^CTlOrCTr^nolilw
sale reasonable; key 026 Cole st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
"WE I_L~GET YOUR BUSINESS" —We pay
the most money for furniture, carpets, offlcs
fittings, merchandise and houses. MARK J.
LEVY AUCTION CO., 1321 Market st, be
tween 9th and 10th. Phone South 179.
Ta.be levy]
Salesroom. 11— Market st Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURD, sue, 1636 Market; phone Jessie 2339.
CALL on Alfred Wo 11 pert, 773 Mission St., be
fore seßlng your furniture. Phone Red 4482.
FURNITURE FOB SALE.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur
niture, carpets, etc. TB2 Mission; tel. Bush 818.
GOUGH. 439 —Furniture of 8-room flat for sals
cheap.
HELP WANTED—FEMALE.
8 COOKS $30-$::5
2 parlor maids and waitresses $30
8 second girls $20-$25
Infant's nurse $30
2 maids and seamstresses $25-$3O
Mother and daughter or 2 friends, house
girl and nurse $4B
Second girl for San Joss $25
Woman with a child on ranch $25
Cook on ranch $25
2 waitresses, country hotel $25
2 waitresses, city hotel J25
Second girl and nurseglrl 3528
Housework. Ross Valley _$30
8 chambermaids and waitresses, oountry'
$20-$25
And 44 girls for general housework, city and
country, $20-$25-$3 O. Apply to J, v CRO
SETT & CO.. 884 Sutter st
A CHAMBERMAID for a private family, no
sweeping, but must sew some. $30; a cham
bermaid for a private family, must be ca
pable of attending to the linen. $30; a strong
working housekeeper for a family of 6, $35
a month; a nurse for 2 children, wages $86;
a nurse for an Infant, $30; references are re
quired. MISS PLUNKETT, 426 Sutter st.
near Powell.
COOK wanted, small family, $28; girl, cham
ber-work and assist, $20 sleep home; young
girl, light work; girl for second work, Palo
Alto, $25; call at once. MRS. LEWIS, 607
Powell st.
GIRLS to learn halrdresslng, manicuring eta •
trade taught from A to Z in 2 wks.; tuition
$sto those entering now; 3 positions to fill
immediately; positions guar, at $10 per wee
up; only recognized college of Its kind on
coast; day and eve. class, 233 Geary, r. 18.
WANTED—GirIs to learn millinery now for
spring season; both seasons taught from start
to finish In one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled by
first of year. Parlors 148 Stockton st., r. 18.
A—PACIFIC College teaches halrdresslng!
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognized college of Its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER
ALLS, JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX
PERIENCE NECESSARY; STEADY WORK;
GOOD PAY. LEVI STRAUSS * CO.. 32%
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS,
IN OAKLAND, COR. 10TH AND CLAY STBL.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS: NO EXPERIENCE NECES
SARY; STEADY WORK; GOOD FAT.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
WANTED —Gcod cook for general housework In
flat; family of 5; references: wages $25 to
$.30. Call forenoons nt SJBtO Washington st.
WANTED—Woman for light housework. Ad
ply 225 Pierce St.. 9 to 11:30 c . m.
WANTED- Young girl to do general house -
work. 2520 Gough st.
WANTED —Girl for light housework. 255 Ste
venson st.
ALL hairdressing, manicuring, face a_tsag«
and scalp treatments arc free at th" Mol»r
System College. <48 Sa.ramento; hours 1-4.
WANTED—-For Berkeley,' a good second glrf;
wages $25. Box 311 H. Call office.
YOUNG lady for dramatic company. Box 3090.
Call office. >
T Buchanan 1 at* mlDd * W ° chlMr * n - Appiy 811-BUTTER BRITTLE. TO OUR SHALL AD PATRONS—FREE
HELP WANTED —rEM AJLHj^o^lanea.
WANTED —Ladies to learn halrdreastng. man
'•• icuring, facial massage and scalp treatments;
"• 4 weeks completes: expert instructors; call
or write. Moler System Co., 649 Sacramento.
'LADIES wanted to make sofa pillows at borne;
. experience unnecessary; steady work. Call
mom 500, Adame building, 206 Kearny st.
HELP WANTED—MALE.
A- mTTipTaY~_ READY, 634-636 Clay~st
Phone Main 5848.
THE RIGHT <>F MAN TO LIVE; THE
RIGHT UF MAN TO WORK.
• Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We gave in 1908 1805 we hope to
60 000 men work. Increase 60,000
MEN AND WIVES.
Farmer and wife, vineyard, Santa Crus Co.,
see boss here, $40 and found.
, . —MISCELLANEOUS
. Man and wife, small country institution, 840
to $55 and found, see boss here.
•Farmer and wife for chicken ranch, no ob
. Jection to child.
File setter, city job, steady, $4 day.
m< :.: finisher, long job, near city, $3 50
day.
Harnestsmaker. camp, country. $75.
BOOKKEEPER.
»eper. 35 years, must have experience
" and references, general merchandise store in
California, $75.
• Man run carding machine, city factory, $2 25
day. I
FARMS AND DAIRIES.
Teamsters, farm hands, choreboys, choremen,
milkers and buttermakers.
HOTEL, ETC.
Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, kitchen hands:
' cook and wife, mine, $55 found; cook and 1
wife, north. $80.
Hell and elevator boys.
• Oyster man. $45 and found.
Janitor, city apartment-house, $30 and room
MURRAY St READY, 634-636 Clay st.
TEAMSTERS.
For new work, near city, 6 teamsters, $1 75
day.
SPECIAL—FOREMAN.
. shovel foreman, $100 and found, see
boss here.
MURRAY St READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU,
•801-302 Starr King bldg., 3d floor. 121 Geary.
Conducted on Strictly Business Principles.
Positions secured for:
Office men. Assistant bookkeepers.
Rookkeeprs. Hotel clerks
>!»nograi>hers. Railroad clerks.
Office managers. Timekeepers,
correspondent clerks. Collectors.
Accountants. BUI clerks.
Buy era Shipping clerks.
Traveling salesmen. Law office clerks.
Manager for dept. stores. Entry clerks.
ishiers. Cigar clerks.
' ivJit men. Dry goods clerks,
s-cretaries. Receiving clerks.
'Genera] office work In all lines of business.
Offices and representatives In other cities.
Apply American Commercial Bureau,
3QI-302 Starr King bldg., 3d floor, 121 Geary.
OUR.BULLETIN REACHES THE EMPLOYER
WEEKLY.
We have dally calls for competent
bookkeepers. Stenographers.
Furnishing goods salesmen. Shipping clerks.
•Bank clerks. Clothing salesmen.
Railroad clerks. Dry goods salesmen.
Grocery salesmen. Hardware salesmen.
COMMERCIAL CLEARANCE COMPANY,
415-416 Starr King bldg.
AT C R.sJIANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush st.
Head cook, small hotel $80 found
<">yst«r cook, near city $45 found
Butcher and help on short orders, country
club $45 board
Head waiter, city hotel $40 found
Middle-aged or elderly barkeeper, country
club, party in our office this afternoon..
$60 board
Pantryman, city $30 to $35 and board
«'. R. HANSEN * CO 429 Bush st.
AT HORD St SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents. 95 Third st.
Experienced scraper grade foreman. $3 50.
Plumber, contract, city.
Plasterer, contract, city.
Teamsters, bay shore. $2.
Dye man. experienced. $20.
Solicitors, tea and coffee.
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton St. —Experienced
icecream maker, fancy work: waiter, restau
rant, country, $30; French boy, private fam
*ily. $25; first-class butler, $50: gardener a-.d
do chores. $25; gardener for jobbing, $1 50
a" 'lay ami board; dry cleaner for dyeing
.. works, etc.
GOOD appearing, energetic man to solicit busi
ness ti r warehouse and drayage company:
mast bs acquainted with the city and know :
th bu»in< ss thoroughly; liberal salary to the
right man. Commercial Clearance Company,
415-16 Starr King bldg., 121 Geary st.
2 MACHINE miners. $3 day; upholsterer for
country, $3 to $3 50 day: cheesemaker, $40
and found: farmer and wife. $50 and found:
and .then*. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento St.
WA N'TED—Superintendent for a medium-sized
stock farm: must thoroughly understand
raising of fine horses and dairy stock. Ap
ply, stating experience, salary expected, ref
erences, etc., to box 3137, Call, t
W ANTED—Good all round cook for boarding
kit. hen Inside Oakland Racetrack. Apply to
flr«»t kitchen from Shell Mound gate, inside
track; wageg $40.
I'.OY or young man for errands, collecting and
general office Work; one preferred that
writes a good hand; must furnish references.
Box 3168. Call.
FOR sale—Fixtures and furniture of barber
shop of 2 chairs: suitable parties can get
easy terms. Inquirf of JOHN HAIDEN. 121
Geary st., room 951.
BARBERS—2 rev.dvlns chair outfit. 4 mirrors,
owels; $40. RALSTON, 421% Twelfth's!..
Oakland.
WANTED —First-class drapery salesman. Ap
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED—First-class domestic salesman. Ap
ply between » and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED—Experienced jewelry salesman;
state experience and salary expected. Box
" :::74, call office.
GOOD barber wanted at 2083 Mission st.
V ANTED—Good barber Saturday and Sun
day. 1025 Howard st.
BARBER "hop for sale; 2 chairs. 915 San
Pablo aye.. Oakland.
PLEASANT faced, fine appearing registered
physician and surgeon; must be quite gray,
but active; positively no other; no traveling;
salary $200 or more when well started. Call
st 25 Third st.
WANTED —Teacher to go to Nevada to fill
out an unexpired term; $80 i«er month and
transportation; refs. required. Box 3514,
Call office.
WANTED—Men to learn the barber trade; 8
v.-eeks completes; positions guaranteed: ex
pert instructions: wages while learning.
Call or write. Moler Sy«. Col.. 849 Sacramento.
BARBER, frst-class, to take one-half Interest
In good paying shop; $150 inquired. A. W.
POPER. Park st. and Han Pablo aye.. Em
eryville.
WANTED —Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne? Bros. Co. School of Practical I
Plumbing: send for catalogue. Address 4973
-• 75 Easton aye., St. Lcuis, Mo.
WANTED —Men to prepare for railway mall.
Internal revenue and custom house positions; j
free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti- i
tute. Grant bldg., 1095 Market; open evngs. j
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
• that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has I
d 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third «t.: 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
'TRY our men's shoe*, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair: foot - form sh-es. $2 50; we pay ocprese
charges 11 3d st..Exam. bid.; open till 9 p.m.
WANTED—Men to fill "50 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets hair mattresses, elev
■ trie light in every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d. ,
BOY-to I tarn engraving trade; no wages at
•start; good future. Box 3065, Call office.
ENERGETIC reliable men as city and country
; steady positions. 247 Fifth st. ,
ROY wanted to learn jewelry trade. MILLER j
fi PCHAD, it Hardle place. 1
OOD '-'-chair barber shop for sale; good mar- .
.Hed or single: 8 living rooms. 1547 Mission, j
ARBERsT—Two-chair shop -for sale; cheap,
if sotd by Monday. 1074% Howard st.
WANTED—Young man with some cash for
good paying business. Box 1590. Call office.
BOY wanted. Baldwin Jewelry Co., 978
Market st. •
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law & Adjustment Co., 49 Second st.. r 522.
. TWO men to learn the* barber trade; abso
lutely free. 751 Mission st __
WANTED—Young man to work for his tuition
in S. F. Barber School. 741 Howard st.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
«hlpa._ HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st.
MEN to learn the detective business; paid
while learning, 997 Market St., room 104.
MEN wanted at 187 3d St., where shoes are re
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 m1n.,760.
. PENSION atty." E A Bullls r. 40, Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R
—ELF WAn^s^a^lUX^onilAnUtA.
WANTED—Men to learn the barber trade at
IS?, original JNO. A. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE, 644 Clay st.; 8 weeks completes;
positions guaranteed; expert Instruction;
wages while learning. Call or write (correct
number) 644 Clay st.
GET your shoes half-eqled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 571 Mission st >e»et. Ist and 2d sts.,
—°I^L_^ l _! rd __ B _ t ' Examiner building.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st. near Mar
ket—7oo rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. X
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 571 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
SALESMEN WANTED.
WANTED— Salesman for second-hand furni
ture store; one well posted In the business;
no other need apply. Cor. Eleventh and
Franklin sts., Oakland.
SALESMAN to handle fine line of calendars;
city and country; big inducements. Box
3133, Call office.
SAIiESMEN AND SOLICITORS.
WANTED—Men to sell a patented article and
territory for same; this is no fake proposi
tion; none but experienced men need apply.
Address KIEL & EVANS CO.. 224 San Pablo
aye., Oakland.
HORSES AND WAOONS.
YOUNG big horse. $90, weight 1250 lbs; guar
anteed. Eagle Brewing Co., Eighteenth and
Harrison sts.
THREE combination horses, very stylish in
harness or saddle, and handsome bay coach
or trap team. 311 Uth st.; tel. Folsom 8681.
FIRE sale—All vehicles at reduced prices dur
ing alterations at O'BRIEN'S, 600 Golden
Gate aye.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col
lege now ready: mailed free upon application
to DR. E. J. CREELY,Pres.,SIO Golden Gate.
GOING out of business; new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. 1680 Mission st., nr. 13th.
WILL exchange park property for driving
horses. Box 2935. Call office.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
CARLOAD gentle business buggy and livery
horses. E STEWART St CO.. 220 Valencia
A—PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
HOUSE 8 rooms and bath Inquire 129
Eddy st.
HOUSES TO LET—FURNISHED.
SUNNY furnished modern 10-room house and
6-room flat; garden and yard. 419 Oak st.
$27 50—TO let. cottage of 7 rooms and bath;
all in good order. 253S McAllister St.
INSTALLMENT 3UTLDING.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes, 512 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a tot;
$8 a month pays principal and Interest on
each $lt:00 of balance due. making your In
stallments less than rent: send for circular.
INVESTMENTS. .
A FEW shares of the first sold stock In the l a
Zacualpa Rubber Co. for sale at a bargali.
Room 6. Columbian bldg.
LOST AND POUND.
LOST—Last evening, on Montgomery St., be
tween Mills building and California-st. cars,
a gold, open-face watch, roWe finish, set with
four diamonds- alto fob with dragon seal on
end. lieturn to A. HIRSCHMANN, 712 Mar
ket st.; f_o reward.
LOST—Sunday afternoon, Dec. 11. at beach,
south of Park, black Scotch collie bitch.
Suitable reward If returned to 1326 Forty
ninth aye.. Boulevard station, or for Inform
ation of
LOST —A .passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of MIHAL CASTRO. No. 270-108. The
finder will idease return to bank.
LOST—A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of LEANDER WEAVER, No. 262-561.
The finder will please return to bank.
ADRIFT In Oakland Creek on Jan. 2—Scow,
12x20 : owner can have same by paying ex
penses. L. KESSEL, master bark Alden
Besse. Oakland Creek.
LOST —Silver medal, Wednesday evening;
monogram 8. R., with cathedral S. S.; of
no use only to owner. Address 214 Grove st.
LOST—Gent's gold ring, with large setting,
vicinity 17th. 18th and Diamond sts.: girt of
deceased brother. 4150 17th St.; reward.
LOST —A featner boa, in Hale's store or be
tween Hale's and Jones-st. car. Reward for
return to 2821 Laguna st.
LOST—lrish setter, sore on right front leg. Re
turn 1215 Golden Gate aye.; $5 reward.
FOUND —A small rurse. Call at 4405 Twen
ty-fourth St., city.
LAUNCHES POR HIRE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
st.:" for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS
TO order —renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st.; phone South 216.
MEDICAL.
LADIES who are in trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician In San Francisco
who has devoted a lifetime to helping wumen;
17 years' experience without a failure has
put him at the head. He guarantees relief
or no pay.
DR. WHITE, 702 Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL—AII who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu
nate helped; the mcsf difficult cases treated;
every case taken; immediate relief; no poi
soning drugs: low fees; my methods will cure
all cases of irregularity; by consulting me
save time and money. Advics free. Office,
1018 Market st.
LA DIE- Possibly I'm not the cheapest ndr yet
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE
LIABLE graduate physician. When in trou
ble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best atten
tion and no danger; I guarantee prompt re
cults or no charge. Room I.' Est. 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 305 Kearny st.
I MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market St., opp. sth.
! MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 10 years' experience. 944 Post st.
ALL cases of female Irregularities relieved at
once; guaranteed treatment. $10; 80 years'
1 successful experience. DRS. GOODWIN. 850
Market st.. opp. Fourth, room 37.
LADIES 'offering from irregularities, sick or
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester. 219 Kearny
st.; relief guaranteed; no drugs, no operations.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladles' specialist, removed
from 1118 Market st. to 838 Mission, near 4tn.
, DR. and MR?. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment. 1226 Market.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2996 Folsom St., comer
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MINES AND MINING.
180 bid for Big Trees Mining
I Company; make it 36 cents share and wiil
take It. Box 3197, Call.
j MISCELLANEOUS—POR SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, ehattlng, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 8. WHITE MCHX, CO., 130-132 Beale st.
DOES LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin. shingle, felt or iron
roof? Cover it with Mastic Roofing. It Is beat
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Rootin* Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about it. Elaterite Roofing Co., 713 Market.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN
TOSH St WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A—BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
gines, boilers, wster pipe,, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 258-256 Spea* st.
REPUTABLE plsce to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1905.
FREE Small Ad Patrons FREE
A LARGE BOX ftp
BUTTER. BRiTTXE
CHOCOLATE NUTS BUTTER.
This delicious candy is manufactured from a high-grade chocolate, nuts and fresh butter.
This is a delightful candy relish, absolutely original, delicious and comprises a pure-food product
that i_ among the least harmful of confections. Butter Brittle contains less sugar than other
candies, therefore can be eaten freely without creating thirst. Sold by leading candy stores.
Watch for demonstrations of Butter Brittle.
THEOPOLD MORRIS 4k CO., Mfrs., 313 Front Street, San Francisco.
Free to Any Person Presenting a Small Ad
.•. Thursday, Friday or Saturday ...
for the SUNDAY CALL
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE I OAKLAND OFFICE
Third and Market Streets 1016 Broadway
MISCELLANEOUS—FOE SALE—Con.
DIAMONDS, watches and jewelry sold on
credit by paying otie-flfth down, balance pay
able at your own convenience. Pacific Jew
elry Co., 21 Stockton st., second floor.
SAFES and desks at nearly cost; must make
room. Richardson Bros., 128 New Montgmry.
TALKING machine records; second hand; good
condition. 307 Sansome St., room 3.
SAFES and cash registers; new and second
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1825 Market st.
A VERY fine sealskin coat for sale at a bar
gain at Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber door,.sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Market.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
, bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES—New and second-hand. THE HER
MANN SAFE CO., $07 Battery St.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 40 Fremont st.
ROOMS papered, $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co., 319 Third; tel. Main 413.
CHEAPEST and best In America—The Weekly
Call, 16 pasres, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
SS|
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAAA--Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast
off clothing. Tel. Davis 828. »;50 Sacramento st.
I Highest nrices paid for ladies' and gents' cast
off clothing. Tilton. 164 oth; tel. Jessie 3916.
PAYS special price cast-off fancy ladles' dress
es, gents' clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Red 77.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cssh. KARL EBER at CO.. r. 408. Adams
Hdr Kearny st • phon» Black 10.16.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS.
1 French upright $55
1 Stoddard; mahogany $115
Also one Chlckertng, Weber, Vose, Sterling,
Stelnway, Curtaz, Rudolph, Fischer, Haines
and others. Easy payments. BEN J, CUR
TAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
1 ATTENTION, piano buyers'.--Investigate our
I secr.nd-hand pianos, taken In exchange dur
ing holiday sale; prices away down; rents, $2
up, allowed it purchased; installments, $4
up. HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary St.;
Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
i __ __ ,
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent, $3
per month; one year's rental allowed if pur
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ, 560 Hayes st
PARTY must sell large Stelnway uptight; cost
$700; price $285; will accept payments; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
$60 UPRIGHT; one $30 upright; one good
. square. $20. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister st.
A SMALL Stelnway upright; cost $500; $185
tskes It. 237 Geary st.
FISCHER upright; cost $350; will sell for $96~
237 Geary st.
ELEGANT uprights.new St 2d-hand.s4s to $500.
Pierces Pisno Factory. Market and 14th sts.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 808-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $8 monthly pay
ments. SCHMITZ * CO., 16 McAllister st.
8-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckerlng bsby grand;
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
CHEAPEST snd best In America—The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address la ths
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAAAA—A CONFIDENTIAL snd reputable
place to borrow money on the following:
Salaries.
Life insurance policies.
Chattel mortgages.
I Undivided Interests.
I Goods In bond.
Legacies.
Second and third mortgages
Estates In probate.
Life estates.
Rents.
Special department for loans to ladles on
their notes.
Privates offices for ladles and gentlemen.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton St., near Market.
2d floor. Pbone Bush 484.
AAA A —THE Portland Jewelry Co. will make
you vary liberal loans on your diamonds,
jealskln or any valuables at ths low rate of
two f2) per cent per month; if you do not
wish to call, phone us (phone Bush 484) and
the manager of our loan department will call
on you; all business strictly confidential.
25 STOCKTON ST.. NEAR MARKET
Private offices at 21 Stockton st., 2d floor.
N. B. —The only loan office west of New
York that has a fire and burglar proof vault
on the premises; free use of same to all cus
tomers.
—MANHATTAN LOAN . COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 6% AND 6 PER CENT
CITY OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY
I PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es
tates in probate, undivided Interests in prop
erty probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests in property
purchased.
.....MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.j phone Main 5924.
AAA—HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in
terest- In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
WKen You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
Ist, 2d or 3d
Mortgages, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223, Call office.
SALARY LOANS —
Money loaned salaried people without secur
i lty or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
j any one, confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
, HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
97S Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market tnd 27 Third.
A—ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate;
Ist or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 30 Geary, room 3s.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. TOLMAN, 553 Parrott bldg.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls snd precious stones bought.
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
TO salaried people without security. Ths White
Co.. 420 California St.. rooms 14 snd 15.
MONET TO LOAN—Continued.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal; other security; fairest
rates: strictly confidential; no commts. Na
tional Credit Co., 506 Donohoe bid., 8 Taylor.
PRIVATE —Money loaned on salaries without
security: diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan C 0.,523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
jrl'-ate, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
SALARIED people on note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY, 126-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bid.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Say. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny
3% ON furniture St pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL, 600 Examiner bids.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED—Loan of $1000 on improved prop
erty; clear title: will give first mortgage at
7 per cent. Address box 3504. Call office.
NURSES.
COMPETENT Eastern lady nurse desires em
ployment; stomsch troubles a specialty; ex
perienced In confinement cases- references.
Box 1597. Call office, Oakland.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
f
MARKET, 719—Front offices to rent.
TWO nice stores with basements. Corner
Front and Jackson sts.
PERSONALS.
SPECIAL BETWEEN SEASON LOW RATES
this week for facial beautifying; a face with
out a wrinkle with the contour and fresh
color of youth may be had through my scien
tific treatment; consultation and booklet free.
M. ELLA HARRIS. 128 Geary st. I
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, Im
proves it* grewth. stops falling.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp: at druggists',hairdressers'ac
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
**KEX RADIO" next MONDAY will REMOVE
to more COMMODIOUS OFFICES; new ad
dress given on SUNDAY.
A GUARANTEE TO. GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. G. S. MOORE, 332 O'Farrell et.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estsb.
1899. 2122 Fillmore st.; phone Geary 2053.
AT less thsn cost; uncalled for suits, over
costs and» trousers at CHARLES LYONS',
London Tfilor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. S4O Post St., near Powell.
INFANTS adopted; housekeeping rms If de
sired. Dr. Funkc, 1416 Eighth st„ Alsmeds.
WRINKLES, freckles, moles, superfluous hair
removed; latest meth. Mme. Marie,lo42 Ellis.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed: electric needle.
Mrs. Eaton, Miss Eaton. 283 Geary, room 88.
I PERSONALS—Continued.
DIVINE healing—l can cure you of any dis
ease; consultation free. JOSEPH LA
CHANCE, East Fourteenth st. and Twenty
sixth aye., Oakland.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511 A Leavenworth St., be
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 997.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring. 117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS, 1127
Market st., between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing, i
Art Tailoring, 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas. I
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, plsy books, wigs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 MkC
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. TA at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of trie Call for the incep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL—Office and residence,
1021% Market st., bet. 6th and 7th; particu
lar atention paid to diseases of women.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS snd NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new methods; one week's j
treatment free. Dr. Cottingham, 9 Powell st. ,
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073% Market st-
REMOVET>—DR. ' WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for |
past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo- >
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth. ,
I WONG WOO, thl famous herb doctor—All dls- i
| eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay at. •
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED--Lady partner for boarding-house in
Southern Nevada. Box 1598, Call office,
Oakland.
PATENTS.
tNVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at
torney-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg., 532 Market st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
I DIVIDEND NOTICE—The Nevada National !
Bank of San Francisco —At a regular meet
ing of the Board of Directors of this bank,
held January 3. 1905, a dividend for the
■ quarter year ending December 31, 1904, was
declared, at the rate of seven (7) per cent
per annum, payable on and after the 16th
Instant: transfer books will be closed from
the 10th to the 16th instant, both days in
clusive. GEO. GRANT, Secretary. San
Francisco. Cal.. Jan. 5, 1905.
REAL ESTATE—CITY—FOR SALE.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table: on grade;
close to fin* school and Mlsslon-st. electric
cars; bound to double in value.
$400 each on installments of $10 per month;
no taxes; fine lots, near Ocean boulevard;
best residence location south of Golden Gat-
Park; these are the cheapest lots in this dis
trict; advancing in price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE,
26 Montaomery st.. r 8. Phone Main 5704.
RESIDENCE.
$lx.ooo.
NEAR VAN NESS AND CLAY.
Two stories and basement; 12 rooms and
bath; wine room; store room; trunk room,
furnace, etc.
One of the best residence sections In the
city.
THOMAS MAGEE St SONS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
$10,500 —INCLUDING bltumlnlzing of street;
terms to suit; 3 swell sunny flats not yet
completed: ren's $1080 per annum; every
known possible latest Improvement; 16 min
utes from City Hall: 7th-ave. boulevard, near
Fulton st.; close to the Park: 5 car lines, one
runs all night. Apply from 11 to 4. Sev
enth aye., near Fulton st.
. sifiso—NEW, modern cottage; 5 r. and b.: good
location: street woik done; $300 cash, balance
$15 per month; bargain. 3310 Mission st.
GOOD work our motto; prices moderate. AHL.
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
REAL ESTATE —COUNTRY—Por Sals.
INVEST YOUR MONEY IN LAND IN SUT
TER COUNTY.
$65 an sere buys choice orchard land, within
three miles of three large fruit canneries,
two dried fruit packing establishments* and a
large winery: best market center for all kinds
cf fruit; the Butte County irrigation ditch
coming this way: surveys under way for
two electric lines to traverse this section
and an overland road (the Western Pacific)
passing through here all point to a large in
crease in land values: four daily passenger
trains to San Francisco each day now: no
other section offers a better opportunity for
profitable Investment: also have some good
dredge mining propositions.
Address M. J. NEWKOM, Real Estate
Dealer, 406 Second St.. Marysvllle, Cal.
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogue of the best land
bargains <n California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market St.
A WEEK' 3 news for 5 cents—The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $i per year
BAN MATEO REAL ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK. LOMITA PARK
LOMITA PARK.
On the line of San Mateo electric cars; 45
minute c from Fifth and Market sts.
Sewer and water pipes laid.
Pure artesian water.
Lots $400 snd up.
Outside the fog belt.
$10 to $50 down and $10 per month.
Go down and investigate.
Maps sent on application.
SELBY. RODGERB ft CO.,
Main 673. 116 California st,
Also at Lomlta Park.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED—PIace' suitable for raising chick
ens. Particulars box 3085, Call.
ALAMEDA ADVEKT'S'MTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
CHOICE lots: $15 per front foot; Grand st. snd
Buena Vista aye.; all street work done; or
will build to suit. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park
St., Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'MTS
OFFICE, 1018 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
THE MERRITT-WOLCOTT CO.,
952 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
A FEW BARGAINS IN LOTS.
$2000 —Lot 50x100; on sunny side of street,
close to business center of city, with cottage
renting for $10 ocr month.
$450 —Lot on sunny side of street, near Tel
egraph aye., North Oakland; size 37:6x110.
$670 —Lot 40x120. close to Telegraph aye., on
fine street and in a desirable location.
SNAPS IN HOUSES AND COTTAGES.
$3200 —New house, 7 rooms and bath; mod
ern in every way; lot 40x126; easy terms; In
South Berkeley, near Telegraph aye.
$1000 —Bran new cottage, 4 nice rooms and
bath: close to cars and Key route station; lot
, 40x100; In Oakland.
i GOOD BUYS IN FRUITVALE PROPERTY.
I $2200 —Bran new cottage, 5 rooms and bath:
! modern; nice and sunny; lot 30x100; near
, street cars and local: $500 cash, balance $25
■ per mcnth.
I $2160 —Shingled cottage: never occupied:
modern in every respect; near S. F. local and
! car line: lot 37:6x100; built by owner, who
must sell; $800 cash, bslance easy terms.
$1750 —Cottage on corner lot. nearly new; 8
lou, all fenced; good location.
$1100—New house, high basement and attic;
lot 100x100; good location; fine view; high,
level ground; $400 cash, balance $10 per month.
THE MERRITT-WOLCOTT CO.
IN Oakland —For sale; $3150; house, 7 rooms
and bath; stable: large lot, 50x150; fine loca
tion; close in: extra good value. SNOW,
reel estate. 468 Eleventh st., Oakland.
CHEAPEST "and best In America—The Weekly
Call, 18 pages, sent to sny address In ths
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
S OR 4 clean sunny rooms; central: separate
entrance 615 Fifteenth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND PURNITURR POR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni
ture. H. Schelhaas.llth St.. cor.store, Oakland.
BOOMS FOB HODSEKEEPINO.
BRYANT, 421 —On« or two sunny rooms, BBS»ly
furnished for housekeeping; ess.
DE LONG aye., 153, Ashbury Heights—l large
alcove room, small kitchen, 912, includ gas.
ELEVENTH, 106—Elegant front suite, com
plete for housekeeping; gas ranges and bath;
tingle rooms, 91 50.
FOURTH. 491—Two rooms furnished * com
plete for housekeeping.
GEARY, 1225—Fine, sunny, bay-window suite;
all conveniences; nfee marine vlewv also
other choice rooms'; reasonable.
GOUGH, 210—Five sunny rooms, completely
furnished for housekeeping; open Saturday,
Sunday or evenings for inspection; ress.
GROVE, 32—Three unfurnished rooms house
keeplng; moderate rent; 112.
HAIGHT. 611—2 large front rooms, parlor and
bedroom; all connect; sunny; reasonable.
HARRISON, 2408%y bet. 20th and
sunny front rooms, suitable for housskeep
lng; gas range and bath; rent 911.
HOWARD, 7018—2 housekeeping* rooms, on*
front; gas. bath; 911; call after 4.
HYDE and Washington; apply 1509 Wash.—
Suites 2 or 3 rooms for hkpg.; newly fur.
IVY aye., 241. near Franklin—l or 8 very
nice rooms furnished, 910 and 916; sink;
adults.
JESSIE, 823—Large sunny front room, gas
range, sink. 93 75 wk.; other rooms cheaper.
KEARNY, 104—Three sunny unfurnished
rooms; bath: 920; bay window; front.
MISSION, 1150—Front suite, complete for
housekeeping.
OAK, 117 —Rooms, complete, housekeeping; 95
to 912; gas range; hot bath; adults.
OCTAVIA. 1403, corner Geary—L 2 or 8 vary
sunny furnished rooms; cheap.
SECOND, 212 —Furnished rooms for house
keeping; central; clean; quiet; no children.
TAYLOR, 813—4 rooms, fully equipped for
housekeeping; 930.
TEHAMA, 217 —Two sunny rooms, complete;
yard; $10 month; one room, 95 month.
TEHAMA, 217, nr. 3rd—Sunny bedroom; reg.
kitchen; yard; separate entrance; 912 month.
TENTH, 149 —One furnished complete house
keeping room; private family.
WEBSTER, 1351, near O'Farrell—Unfurnished
sunny housekeeping rooms; newly finished.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ROOMS TO LET—Furn. and Dnfurn.
ATKINS, corner Third st. and Park lane—New
brick building; all sunny rooma; hot and cold
water; electric lights; only first-class house
In locality; rooms 91 50 week and up.
A^BRUNSWICK riouseT 148 Sixth St.—Rooms
25c to 81 per night, 91 25 to 95 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." «73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)—Rooms, Jsc to 50c, 91, 91 50 night;
91 50 to 910 week; 'house open all night.
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store; 2 en
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk—Electric
lights, running water In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 60c per night; 91 25 to 93 week.
DALE place, 8, off Golden Gats ays.—Fur
nished rooms to let.
EDDY. 110—The Launston, opp Tivoli: finest
of rooms for transients; terms reasonable.
ELLIS, B—Newly furnished rooms; reasonable.
FOURTH, 491—Nice front room, suitable for
two; 2 beds; rent 910-
GEARY, 1707 —Sunny furnished room in pri
vate family.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission —Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HARRISON, 2410, bet. 2oth and 21st—Sunny
front room with bath and gas; suitable for
two adults.
HOWARD, 715—Furnished rooms, single or
double; central location.
HOWARD, 737%—Manilla—Nice front suites;
coal stove; very reasonable; good location.
JONES, 434, flat B—Rooms, with or without
board; suite and single, with private bath;
elegant new house; all modern conveniences:
no signs.
LEXINGTON aye., 122, near 18th—1 furnished
sunny front room, closet and gas, $5 month;
private family; near Valencia and Mis. cars.
MARKET, 719—Furnished rooms; newly reno
vated: double or single; by the day, week
or month.
LARKIN, 804—Sunny back room; 1 or 2 gen
tlemen; 87: single room, 95 50.
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth) —Sunny rooms;
92 50 to 97 week; baths; elevator; also hskpg.
METROPOLITAN Hotel, 129 Third St.—4oo
single and family rooms 35c to 91 50 per day.
$2 to $8 week; the only new snd modern
Botel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free baths and ele
vator day snd night to its guests.
OAK. 2035 —Furnished rooms; also housekeep
ing rooms; running water, bath, phone; rea
sonable.
OAK GROVE aye.. 19, bet. sth and 6th. eff
Harrison —Two connecting rooms, gas, bath,
laundry, yard; also furn. room for 2 gents.
O'FARRELL. 230—Beautiful large front room,
first floor, for 2 gentlemen or man and wife;
reasonable.
POWELL, 216 —Suite sunny front rooms, suit
able for manicure or massage parlors.
RICHLAND aye., 67, near Mission. Rooms to
let.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis —Incandescent lights:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par
lor; rooms per night. 35c to 91 60; week, $2
to 98; month, 98 to 930; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SIXTH 143—Furnished room with housekeep
ing privilege.
THIRD, 308—Nice furnished rooms: clean
transient rooms from 26c up per night.
THIRTEENTH, 213—Nice sunny front rooms;
reasonable.
I URK. 12S —Clean, sunny furn. rooms, with
board; suite or single: housekeeping; 95 up.
VAN NESS. 7, near Market—Large bay-win
dow alcove; furnished or unfurnished.
VAN NESS aye., 37, near Market—Large fn.nt
room to let. 93 per week; with or with ,ut
board; private house.
VAN NESS aye.. 314—Sunny front room,
large. 918; small room $8.
VENDOME. 1104 Market—Furn. rooms, suits
or single; suite 95 week up. 15 Turk.
WASHINGTON, 1025%—Furnished or unfur
nished rooms; suite or single.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, nr. Market —400
rooms 35c to 91 night, 91 75 to 96 week; elec
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read.-room: free bus, baggage.
Hotel. 44 3d st.. nr. Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms:
1 35c to 91 50 nightly:92 to $8 week; elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus, baggage
A~BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
I Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts
BOOMS AWD BOARD.
HOTEL Baltimore, 1015 Van Ness ave.—Flrst-
I class hotel, on American plan; families es
l penally; elegant rooms, all modern and
every convenience; very sunny; fine views:
table unsurpassed. H. C. SHANNON, prop.
I HOTEL L'AIGLON, 501 Geary St.—Largs.
I sunny rooms, board; suites, with board for 2.
$50 mo.; single, with board. $25 up; special
! family rates; Just renovated.
JONES, 434, Flat B—Suite and single rooms,
with or without private bath; board op
tional; elegant new bouse; all modern con
veniences; no signs.
CALIFORNIA, 807—Best rooms, table and ser
vice In the city for the least money.
ELLIS, 458—Best of French table board; terms
reasouable; also elegant furnished rooma.
COMORA CTheL 621 O'Farrell—Homelike;
quiet; best beds, table and service.
VALENCIA, 936—Large sunny rooms; phone;
bath; good board; warm belt.
RETIRED teacher will board one or two
small boys. Box 3034, Call.
BOOKS ARD ROARD WANTED.
YOUNG gentleman wishes room and board.
Box 3001. Call office.
For Additional Classified AdiWrtiMi
merits See Page 14.
1314
SPECIAL NOTICES.
8T FRANCIS' Girls' Directory Orphan Asy
lum hereby gives notice that the following ;
orphan, half-orphan and abandoned girls ,
■nd boys hay» been admitted to the asylum |
from July 1. 1904, to January t, 1905: Mary
Ada Dolan, 11 years: Louisa Gugllerl, <
■ ears; Irene Gugllerl. 5 years; May Condon.
1 .oars. 6 months; Aloysius Condon. 4 years, |
2 months; Angelina Antonia. 11 years: R p ' u " .
gio Antonia. 4 years; Margarita Anton.a. J
years; Paul Marline!!, 6 years, i months: I
Howard Lehey. 5 years. 6 months; Barbara.
Whltstock. 7 years; Julia Whltelock, » years; j
Emma Serventt. 4 years: Charles Senen-i. .
11 months; Frances J. Kenanck, 5 years. *
months: Gladys Smith. 2 years. 6 "v-nths. j
May Hsrrlgan. 9 years: Andrew Rlos. 4
years. 2 months; Manuel Tlburtius RIOS, 2 j
years. 6 months: George Davis. 6 years 1o j
months: Benjamin Davis. 5 years. 10 months: ,
Mabel Sherer, 7 years: Thomas (.orman. 6
years;, Bessie Gorman, 4 years; Willie Gor
man 2 years: Irene Wilson, fl Made
line Wilson. 8 years; Harica Forno. * yearsj
Jennie Gettenby. 6 years: John Porter\ .
years; Frank Porter. 5 years. Nicholas Por
ter, 3 years- Carrie Cano. 9 years: Nettle
Cano 7" years; Ralph Cano. 5 years; Cath- |
erine Emilia Wlsebv. 9 years: Mary cooney,
12 years; Theresa Mulvihlll, 10 years; Fran- !
res Mulvlhill. 7 years: Emily Kane 10 years; ;
charlotte Kane, 6 years; Thomas Rodr.guez. j
4 years- Emlllo Rodriguez, 11 mor.ths; An- >
nle Kohl. 7 yesrs; Ada Torras 9 years: j
Joseph Castell. 2 years: Bertha Elch.er 8
rears; Hszel Harrison, 11 years: Grace Har- ;
rlson. 7 years; Gertrude Harrison, 4 years: ■
Mary Quatararo. 7 years; Carl* Quatararo. ;
6 years; Thomaslta Corvera, 7 years; Ray- ;
mond Corvera. 4 years; Estefana Ortega. 9|
yesrs; Albert Ortega, 7 years; Christina |
Cano, 2 years. j
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip i
Orphanage of 620 Lake st. has received the
following hair-orphan girl from October 1,
1004 to January 1. 1905: Margaret Miller,
aged 8 y*ars 11 months.
SEWING STJ^FLEBS.
WE have left about 90 shopworn Whites snd
aasd sewing machines of other makes. VI c
Intend to close out ths lot this week: dos
ing prloes will be from $5 to $25. Many of
these machines are practically new and sll
In excellent condition. White Sewing Ma
chine Co., 915 Market st.
ALL makes: 2d-band7s2, $5, $7. $9: new, $4, $8;
drop heads, 5-drawer, golden oak. $16; rent
ed repelred: lowest rates. National Auto
matic 8. M. Co.. 145 Sixth Jessie 3796.
DOMESTIC—The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
frioe; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes
le office, 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand. $3, $5. $8: slightly j
used. $10. $15. $20; you know where the dolls
swing In the window. 1061 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission at.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A —EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725
-731 Howard st., nr. Third: phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van snd Storage Co.. 10 Drumm St.;
phone Matn 31; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co., of
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 671.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com
pany, 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tsl. Matn 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters st
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 636 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. C 0..508 Market.
YIAVL
A WAY to health: mothers' and daughters'
home treatment, booklet free; write for It.
VIAVI CO., Van Ness. Phone East 282.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT NOTlCE—Company Numbei
Seven —Location of home office, suite 37
Flood building, San Francisco, Cal. —Notice
is hereby given that at a meeting of the I
Board of Directors, held on the 12th day of j
December, 1904, an assessment of 10 cents
per share was levied upon the stock of the
corporation, payable Immediately to the sec
retary of the company at the office of the
company, suite 37, Flood building. In the
city of San Francisco, Cal., payable in gold
coin of the United States. Any stock upon
which this assessment shall remain unpaid
upon the 24th day of January. 1905, will be
delinquent and advertised for sale at public
auction, and unless payment is made before
will be sold on February 9. 1905. to pay the
delinquent assessment, with costs of ad
vertisement and expenses of sate. By order
of the Board of Directors. CHARLES BUR
TON DARLING. Secretary, office suite 37,
Flood building. San Francisco, Cal., U. S. A.
PROPOSALS.
NOTICE is hereby given that sealed bids will
be received at 16 South Hall, Berkeley, on
or before 12 noon, January 14. for the plumb
ing for California Hall, as per plans and
specifications on file at said office. No bids
will be considered unless accompanied by a
certified check or bond in favor of the un
dersigned, equal to 10 per cent of the bid.
with sufficient sureties, conditioned that, if
the bid be accepted, the bidder will enter
Into a contract faithfully to perform the ob
ligations in accordance with said bid and
with said plans and specifications. The right
to reject any or all bids Is hereby reserved.
The Regents of the University of California.
TREASURY Department, office of the Public
Health and Marine-Hospital t-ervlce, San
Francisco Quarantine Station. Angel Island,
California, January 9. 1906.—Sealed pro
posals will be received at this office until
noon of Wednesday. January 25, 1906, to
build a disinfecting barge for use of the Pub
lic Health and Marine-Hospital Service at
San Francisco Quarantine" Station, Cal. Sche
dules and further Information may be ob
tained upon application to the undersigned.
HUGH S. CUMMING, Passed Assistant Sur
geon, P. H. and M. H. 8., in command of
San Francisco Quarantine Station.
LEGAL NOTICES.
LAN FRANCISCO, CaTT~DeX~lX~tto4.—To
whom it may concern: Be It hereby known
that the co-partnership heretofore existing
between D. J. O'HARA and F. J. MONA
HAN, under the firm name of MONAHAN
O'HARA 4k CO., is hereby dissolved. The
said D. J. O'HARA withdrawing from trie
said concern and his name discontinued.
DANIEL J. O'HARA. F. J. MONAHAN.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE system; 2 schools; 810
531 Franklin. Inquire 521 Franklin, 8 to 13.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following; marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
William M. Ortgler, 28. Tx>s Angeles, and
Clara C. Schneider. 27 T>wyer, Mo.
Carlo Paptnl, 34, Courtland, and Metllds
Besse, 18. Courtland.
Theodore P. Levack. 28, 789 Sixth avenue,
and Ora B Mtllette, 21, 763 Sixth avenue.
Thomas J. White, 21. 815 Mason street, and
Anna M. Young. IS, Murray, Nebr.
Charles J. Smith, 40, 916% Market street,
and Marjorie McQrath. 26. 2706 Pacific avenue.
Frank P. Leonard. 24, 1300 Sixteenth street,
and Annie G. O'Connor, 20, 718 Tehama street.
William D. Wilson, 32. Deadwocd. and
Annie Thomsen, 21, Oesdwood.
A Oram Benedict. 34. Denver, and Lavonah
A. Hudson 23 Denver.
John W. Dillon. 26, Cazadero, and Hallls
Grlder. 19, Cazadero.
Nicholas E. Walsh, 22, 1594 Howard street,
and Mary W. Gavin. 18. 403% Eighth street.
William A. Gibhardt. 22. 14A Walter street,
and Leila O'Fallon. 21, Wrights.
Martin Marks. 21, city, and Beckle Martin,
18. city.
Robert Ounningharn 24, 1907 Union street,
snd Rebecca Wood, 22. 1907 Union street.
Edward 8. Brown, 52, 522 Polk street, and
Katherine J. Meyer. 39, 522 Polk street. •
Henry D. Gage. 34. Oakland, and Rose G.
Wugner. 24, 704 Golden Gste avenue.
Henry A. Ericson. 30. 108 Perry street, snd
Pauline G. Cartwright, 26, 1416 Broadway.
Auguste Martin, 30, 619 Pacific street, snd
Maria Bensvent. 20, 633 Broadway.
Gabriel Bene vent 34, Broadway, and
Rosa Robert 22. 633 Broadway.
John Hose. 21. IW-lA Masonic avenue,
and Margaret W. Brown. 21, 1304 A Masonic.
Marion M. Stegmeie, 23. 1045 Market street,
and Elsie M. Harris. 28, Yuba City.
BIRTHS—MARRIAGES—DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per
sons authorised to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BORN.
BAYDET —In this city. January 11, 1906, to
ths wife of E. F. Bayley (nee Ulman), a son.
CORINSON —In this city, January 10, 1906,
to the wife of Jacob Corlnson, a daughter.
DE D.AVEAOA—In this city. January 10, 1006,
to the wife of J. V. de Laveaga. a son.
!< >NE8 —January 11. 1906, to the wife of Fred
T. Jonee tnee Burns), a daughter.
MARRIED.
CA NTOR —LANDY—In this city, December
■S-r 1904. by the Rev. Joseph Wllner. Nathan
r«ntor and Dottle Dandy, both of San Fran
cisco.
L.YTK.EN —DAMON—In this city, January 12,
1905. by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal, W-llliam
A. Lytken of Sutter City. Cal.. and Llllie
Damon of this city.
DIED.
Bard. Mrs. Clara— o3. McCann, Jos. R.—43.
Brown, Edward C. —24 ; Mclnarny, Mary—
Cassldy. Margaret—4B. ■ Mclennan. Alex. —17.
Cavansugh. ('has. —40. McMann. John T.
Coughlln, Mary A.-—59 i Moore, Lawrence—s9.
Cousette, Louis—4B. 'Murray, Catherine.
Eepejo. Louis 8—35. iPackert. Isldor—s2.
Farren, Annie—36. CJuiun. Edward.
Fouchy. Rosalie C— 71 j Rod Roy. John—73.
Fouler. Elizabeth—64.l Seidell, William C.-26
Frlckr. Cha*. X -02. ; .Staud. Fred A.—26.
Oustave. Madeline—24.! Steiribacli. Anton—B3.
Irwin. Margaret—Bo. Sullivan. Lizzie— 25.
Johnson. Mary ( . Wachs, Annie N'.— 48-
Koerner. John N. 75 Welch. Bertram M. —14
Lunardlnl. Maria 4.' Waiters. Dennis.
Martlnelll, Candldo—s31 Zenger. Alexander—sß.
BARD—At Llvermore, Cal *. January 12, 1905.
Mrs. Clara Bard, a native of Virginia, aged
67 years ai.d 4 months. Deeeasirt was a
daughter r.f thf late Mrs. M. J. Gerberdlng
and sister of Mis. Thomas R. Bard, the late
Albert Uerberdinr and F. W. and E. O.
Gerberdinjr.
C7lnterment orlvate.
BROWN Edward < larene* Brown, beloved
son of Mis. Clara N. Brown, and loving hus
band of Rose J. Brown, and dearly beloved
brother of Alice, George and William C.
Brown, aged 24 years and 3 months.
CFJCotlce of funeral hereafter.
CASS ID Y —ln this city. January 11. 1905.
Marsar»>t I'assidy. dearly beloved wife of
Patrick <'assidy. and loving - mother of
Edward, S.irah. Annie and the late James
Cassldy, a native of Ireland, aged 48 years.
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday) ar S:.'io a. in., from her late resi
dence, 2901 Twent>-third street, corner of
Florida I hence to St. Peter's Church. Ala
bama street, near Twenty-fourth, where a
requiem high mass Will be celebrated for
the repose cf her soul, commencing at 9
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAVANAUGH—In this city, January 12,
1906 Charles, beloved brother of Edward,
William, Mary and Patrick Cavanaush, a
native of Ireland, aged 40 years and 6
months.
(prFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), January 14. at 10 a. m., from
the parlors of H. F. Suhr A Co.. 1137 Mis
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COUGHLIN— In Sausalito, January 12, 1906.
Mary A. Coughlin, beloved wife of John D.
Coughlin, a native of Cincinnati, Ohio, aged
69 years 1 month and 8 days.
(CFFnends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Saturday), at 9:30 a. m.. from her late resi
dence at Sausalito. thence to St. Mary*
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10:30 a. m. Interment Sau-
Fnlito Cemetery.
COUSTETTE—In this city, January 9, 1905,
Louis Coustette. beloved husband of Useal
Coustette, loving father of Eugenic and Fer
dinand Coustette. brother of Mrs. Bauchou
and Mrs. Berge's, and brother-in-law of
Bernard Bauchou, P. B. Berges snd Joseph
Bsltou, a native of France, aged 48 years 1
month and 9 days.
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday, v
January 13, at 12:30 o'clock p. m., from the
parlors of Julius S. Oodeau. 810 Van Ness
avenue, thence to the French Church of Notrs
Dame dcs Vlctotres, Bush street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
ESPEJO—In this city, January 12. 1906,
Louis Beltran Eepejo. beloved husband of
Ramona Eepejo, snd son of Ignacia
Espejo, and brother of Francisco, Pe
dro and John C. Espejo, a native of
Guadalajara. Mexico, aged 85 years 8
months and 3 days. A member of Court
Golden West No. 20, F. of A.
FARREN—In this city, January 11. 1905.
Annie, beloved wife of Jamea Farren, and
mother of Annie, Nellie, Willie and Agnes
Farren, a native of County Donegal, Ire
land, aged 35 years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10:30 a. m., from the parlors
of McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green, 1171 Mis
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services at
11 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FOL't'HY—ln Alameda, January 12, 1905.
Rosalie Charlotte Fouchy beloved mother
of Mrs. Cellna Lame and Alfred and Dr.
Alphonse D. Fouchy, and grandmother
of Alphonse Jerome Fouchy and Albert and
Joseph Lame, a native of France, aged 71
years 11 months and 22 days.
FOUTER—In this city January 10, 1905, at
her residence, 3077 Sixteenth street, Eliza
beth, beloved mother of Lena S. and Martha
Fouter, a native of Germany, aged 64 years
and 3 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
January IS, at 1:30 p. m., from the chapel
of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 1907 Mission
street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth. In
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car
riage.
FRKKE—In this city, January 12. 1905,
Charles E., beloved husband of the late
Augusta Frlcke, and devoted father of Char
lotte Fricke. a native of Hanover, Germany,
aged 62 years.
GI'STAVE-In this city, January 11, 1906,
Madeline, wife of Felix Gustave, and
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Louis Soigne, a
native of Lamon, FVance. aged 24 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 11 a. m.. at the chapel
of Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Remains at the
chapel of Clark & Booth, 612 and 814 Van
Ness avenue, near Turk, until 10:30 a. m.
to-day.
IRWIN—In Napa, Cal., January 11 1905.
Margaret, relict of the late John Irwin, a
native of Liverpool, England, aged 80 years.
JOHNSON—In this city, January 11, 1905,
Mary C, dearly beloved daughter of Ellen
M. and the late C. A. Johnson, and darling
slater of Mrs. W. H. Smith and Lola and
Abraham L. Johnson, a native of San
Diego, Cal.
CF Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
January 13. at 9 a. m., from her .ate resi
dence. 473 Fell street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, Fillmore and Fell streets,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 9:30 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KOERNER—In Napa, Cal.. January 10, 1906,
John N. Koerner, husband of Katharine R.
Koerner, and father of George H. Koerner,
a native of Stotel, Hanover, Germany, aged
75 years 1 month and 3 days.
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2:30 p. m., from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be
tween Seventh and Eighth. Cremation Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
LtINARDINI—In this city. January 10. 1906.
Maria, dearly beloved wife of Enrico Lunar
dinl. and mother of Antone, Henry and Vic
toria Lunardini. a native of Tarscgna, Italy,
aged 42 years 2 months and 16 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
January 14, at 1:15 p. m., fnsm her late
residence. 1735 Stockton etreet. On same day
at Sts. Peter and Paul's Italian Church a re
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 10 a. m. Interment
Italian Cemetery.
MARTINELLI—In this city, January 12, 1906.
Candido Martlnelli (alias "Batl"), a native
of Italy, aged 53 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, January 15, at 1 p. m., st the par
lors of Valente, Marin! A Co., 1524 Stockton
street. Interment Italian Cemetery-
McCANN —In this city, January 12 1906,
Joseph R. McCann, beloved husband of Clara
McCann. and son of Joseph R. and Catherine
McCann, and brother of J. T. and Patrick
McCann, a native of Sacramento County,
aged 4:i years. A member of the Marble
Cutters' and Finishers' Union.
(CF Not ice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of James McGinn * Co., 214
Eddy street.
McINARNY—In this city. January 12. 1905,
Mary Mclnarny, beloved mother of Archie,
Joseph and Thomas Mclnarny, a native of
Ireland, aged 60 years.
McLENNAN—In this city, January 11, 1906,
Alexander McLennan, a native of Scotland,
aged 47 years.
McMANN—Entered Into rest. In this city,
January 12. 1905, John T., dearly beloved
father of Ella F. and Frank McMann and
Mrs. Hattle Doulon, a native of Lynn, Mass.
MOORE—tn Oakland. January 12. 1906, Law
rence, beloved husband of Bridget Moore
and father of Mary. William J., Joseph'
Genevieve and Catherine Moore, and brother
of William and Edward O'Brien and of
felster Mary Bernard, a native of Ireland
aged t>9 years 9 months and 18 days.
MURRAY—In this city, January 10 1906
Catherine, beloved wife of David Murray'
and devoted stepmother of Mrs. William J 1
Daley, a native of Kings County, Ireland
(Canada, N. 8., papers please copy )
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 a. m., from ths parlors of
McFadden, Mcßrearty 4; Green, 1171 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a 'requiem
high mass wilt be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 10 a. m. Interment Hoiv
Cross Cemetery. " oly 1
PACKERT—In this city. January 12 1905
Isidor. beloved husband of Dora Packert'
and father of Mrs. Harry Steinberg and
HfcNRY J. CALLAGHEft CO.
(Successors to Flannsgan st Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
Funeral Directors and Kmbalmers
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple,
NOW st 866 MISSION. Tel. South 187.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMEB McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
Funeral Director* and Embalmjsrs
214 Eddy st. Tel. East 86.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' FRIDAY, JANUARY 13. 1905.
Rosie Packert, a native of Prussia, aged
52 years and 4 months.
QUINN—In this city, January 10. 1905,
Edward, beloved husband of Helene G.
Quinn, a native of County Tyrone, Ireland.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 a. m.. from his late resi
dence 424 Noe street, between Seventeenth
and Eighteenth thence to the Church of the
Most Holy Redeemer, corner Eighteenth and
Diamond streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 a. m.
ROB ROY—In this city, at the King's Daugh
ters' Home. January 12. 1905, John Rob Roy,
a native of Scotland, aged 73 years.
KyFrieiids and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10:30 a. m.. from the parlor*
of Halsted & Co.. 046 Mission street. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SEIDELL—In this city, December 28. 1904,
William C. Seidell, a native of New York,
aged 26 years.
S7Remains leave the chapel of Clark A
Booth. 612 and 614 Van Ness avenue, to-day
(Friday), for Interment at Peterboro. N. V.
STAID—In this city, January 10, 1905.
Fred A. Staud, beloved husband of Agnes
Staud. and brother of Frank and J. N.
Staud. Mrs. G. P. Theller and Mrs. L,
Whiting, and nephew of Frederick Traut, a
native of California, aged 26 years 5 months
and 5 days. *
IE? Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully Inv'ted to attend the funeral Friday,
January 13. at 1 p. m., from the mortuarj
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com
pany. 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec
tric funeral car from Eighteenth and Guer
rero streets at 1:30 p. m.
STEINBAHH- In this city, January 11, 1905,
Anton Stelnbach, beloved husband of Mar
garet Stelnbach. and beloved father of John
A. Stelnbach. Mrs. Mary Kenyon and Mrs.
George Wilson, a native of Germany, aged
83 years 8 months and 27 days.
EyFuneral private.
SULLIVAN—In this city, January 11, 1905,
Lizzie Sullivan, beloved sister of Mrs. Rich
ard Aylward. Mrs. T. Moran and P. T. Sul
livan of Chicago, a native of Westmeath,
Ireland, aged 25 years.
ff"F Friends and acquaintances are respect
fulls- invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 a. m., from the residence
of her sister, Mrs. R. Aylward. 24 Wood- T
ward avenue, thence to Mission Dolores
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com
mencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
WACHS—In Oakland. January 12, 1906,
Annie N., beloved wife of A. N. Wachs,
and mother of Dr. Martin Wachs of HUo,
H. L. Harold Wachs. Mrs. William M.
Hyman of Woodland and Lionel Wachs, a
native of New York, aged 48 years 3 months
and 25 days.
WELCH—In this city. January 12, 1905,
Bertram Morris, youngest son of M. J.
Welch and Mrs. Adelaide Schoenfeldt. and
grandson of Mr. and Mrs. Edward Morris
of Sacramento, a native of San Francisco,
age 14 years and 8 months.
CyFuneral services will be held to-day
(Friday), at 8 p. m., at the parlors of Carew
A English, 29 Van Ness avenue. Remains
at the parlors until Saturday morning, when
they will be forwarded to Sacramento on
the 9 a. m. train for interment.
WINTERS—In this city. January 12. 1905, at
the residence of his daughter, 3615 Mission
street. Dennis, beloved husband of the lata
Ellen M. Winters, and father of Mrs. George
N. Leathers. Mrs. J. T. vinal and Ella M.
Winters, a native of Ireland.
EFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral In Peta
luma, Cal., Saturday, January 14, where a
requiem high msss will be celebrated at
St. Vincent's Church on arrival of 9:30 a. m.
train. Interment Calvary Cemetery, Peta
luma, Cal.
ZENGER—In this city, January 12, 1906,
Alexander Zenger. beloved husband of Mar
garet Zenger. and father of Ethel Zenger,
and stepfather of George A. Fletcher, a na
tive of Russia, aged 68 years 10 months and
20 days.
C3 r Friends snd acquaintances ar* respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 15, at 1:30 p. m.. from the mor
tuary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertak
ing Company, 2476 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Cypres Lawn Cem
etery.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 12,
Mary Reubens to Joseph Reubens, lot on N
line of Fell street, 192:6 W of Gough W
27:6 by N 120; gift.
Daniel Buckley to Edward H. Perry, lot on
E line of Webster street, 87:6 S of Waller,
6 25 by E 97:0. quitclaim deed; $1.
Edward H. and Kate C. Perry to Benediokt
and Victoria Schaub, same; $10.
Eliza W. Tallant to Charles A. Murdock. j
lot on E line of Bcott street, 110 N of Vallejo. |
N 27:6 by E 112:6; $10.
Charles A. Murdock to Ella R. King (wife
of Henry L ), same; $10.
Christina and Joseph Wannenmacher toj
Anna C. Schoning. lot on N line of Fulton '
street. 200 W of Scott, W 25 by N 137:6; $10.
James G. and Amelia B. Grannis to Amelia
B. . John W., Frank D. and Walter Grannis,
lot on N line of Grove street, 100 W of Brod
erlck. W 25 by N 137:6; gift.
Edwin and Helen S. Goodall to John Rapp
and George W. Brooks, lot on W line of Alpine
street, 175 N of Duboce N 30:6. W 104:3",,, 1
SE 20:495. N 1:1%. E 86:5%; $10.
James S. and Jeanette Perry to Maurice
Schimetschek. lot on N line of Haight street,
125 E of Ashbury, E 60 by N 137:6; $10.
William G. Bllllngton to Chauncey S. Blair,
lot on S line of Sacramento street, 112:6 E
of Locust, E 25 by S 100; $10.
David C. and Fannie M. Coleman to Richard
and Marie Finking, lot on W line of Guerrero
street, 206 N of Fifteenth. N 25 by W 131:9;
$10.
Christian and Emma P. Waldau (Wurst) to
C. C. Cowgill, lot on W line of Rondel place.
181:6 S of Sixteenth street. S 22:2 by W
64: $10.
George A. Desenfant to Jennie Desenfant.
lot on E line of Noe street. 231 S of Duboce
avenue. S 25 by E 160; gift.
Daniel and Mary Dougherty to Charles C.
and Annabel Tttchworth, lot on W line of I
Hampshire street, 122:6 N of Twenty-second, I
N 25 by W 100. quitclaim deed; $10.
Charles C. and Annabel Tltchworth to Hans |
M. and Oslna Smith, same; $10.
Bertie M. Lyon to J. S. Morgan 4b Sons, lot
on W line of Mission street, 130 8 of Twenty
fifth, S 0.3 by W 117:6; $10.
John E. Fltzpatrlck to Marie B. Chauche,
Marie I. Bon (executrix of the estats of Charles
A. Bon), lot on N line of Commercial street,
41:11 W of Kearny, W 40 by N 56; $10.
Chew Mow to Lee Bock Done, undivided half
of lot on W line of Waverly place. 93:3 S of
Washington street. S 27:11 by W 55; $3000.
Same to Wong Quan Gee. undivided half of
same; $3000.
Otto A. Crasmer to Nathaniel T. Coulson,
lot on S line of Pacific street, 132 E of Jones,
E 115:6. S 187:6 W 110, X 30. W 60:6, N
107:6; $10.
Hugh Huddleston to Louisa M. Huddlestoa
(wife), lot on S line of Clay street 117:3 W
of Leavenworth, W 06:3 by 8 137:6; gift.
Margaret Lydon to Shields Estate Company,
lot on NW line of Minna street. 333:7% SW
of Third, SW 20 by NW 70, and all interest
in 100-vara lot 16; $10.
Martin A. and Josephine M. Maher (Parsons)
to George R. Davoren, lot on NS line of Zoe
Street. 127:6 NW of Brennan. NW 72:6 by
NE 75; also lot on NE line of Zoe street. 200
NW of Brannan, NW 26 by NE 75; $L
George R. Davoren to Martin A. snd Jo
sephine M. Maher (Parsons) same; $1.
Thomas Daley to Ellen Daley, lot on SE
line of Tehama street. 846 NE of Ninth. NE
20 by BE 80; $10.
George E. and Emmellne L. Bates to Annie
and Edward Lacey, lot on E line of Texas
street. 126 N of Twenty-third N 28 by B
100; $10.
William M. Ross to Permelia E Roes, lot
en N line of Tenth avenue, 160 S of Lake
street. 8 25 *oy E 120; gift.
Thomas and Mary Magner to John Faubel,
lot on N line of Clement street, 30 W of Third
avenue. W 25 by N 100; $10.
Edgar Durnan to Edward E. Glllon lot oa
E 11ns of Fourth avenue. 150 8 of Point Lobos
avenue. 8 25 by E 120; $10.
City Realty Company to Clara K. Sutro,
lot on E line of Fourth avenue 95 S of R
street, 8 5 by E 30; $10.
Clara K. Sutro (formerly Clara Kluge) to
Alphonzo and Emma Harrington, lot on E
line of Fourth avenue, 95 S of H street S
75 by E 120; $10.
Karl or Carl Glmbel to Mike and Bertha
R. Mlrnoff, lot on S line of Richland street,
100 W of South avenue, W 60 by S 100, lots
21 and 22 block 6 Holly Psrk; $6.
Berths R. and Mike Mlrnoff to Morris and
Sophie Mimoff. lot on S line of Richland street,
100 W of South avenue. W 25 by 8 100, lot 22,
block 5. same; $10.
James Brown to Oliver H. Baldwin, lot 28,
block 191, H. A., 25 feet on Colllngwood by 123;
$10.
Oliver H. Baldwin to W. H. Baldwin, same;
110.
Frank and Josaflne Karlson to Acme Build
ing ahrt Loan Association, lot on N corner of
Silllman and Hclyoke streets, NW 100 by NE
120. block 27, University Mound: $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to John and Anna
Pafso lot on E corner of Silllman and Berlin
streets, SE 75 by NE 96. block 14, sun;; $10.
Abe Rosensteln to Harris Kessler. lot on W
line of Potrero avenue. 860 N of Thornton
street. N 25 by W 100, lot 30. block P. Silver
Terrace Homestead; $10.
H. Ernest and Allle MeArthur snd Edward
snd Helma Olson to John W. and Emma L.
Resd, lot on S ltns of Thirtieth avenue, 60 E
of Whitney street. E 25 by 8 125, block 27,
Fairmnunt; $10/.
Abe Rosensteln to Ma* Morris, lot on W line
of Potrero avenue. 326 N of Thornton street,
1 N 25 by W 100. lot 28, block P, Silver Terrace
Homestead; $10.
Henry N. or Henry W., Angela, William C.
and Theresa A. Peters to William Peters, lot
on SE line of Mission street, 60 SW of Fair
avenue. SW 118-7. SE 188:8. SW 1:5, SE 100,
NE 120. NW 283:6. P. V. 360 and 360; $10.
James Camp to F. V. Meyers, lot on S line
of Holloway street, 26 E of Plymouth, E 50 by
S 27, lots 27 and 28, Mock 6. Lekeview; $50.
Louisa Lequlme to Amsnayds Lequlme, lot
on E line of Nebraska street. 425 N of Au
gusta, N 36 by E 100. lot 302, Silver Terrace;
$600.
Stanford Addition Lend Company to J. A.
Miller, lots 8 and 18, block 6. lot 8. block 9,
plat A, Sunny side Addition No. 1; $10.
BALFOUR'S RULE
IS SOON TO END
Coming Session of Parlia
ment 3lay Witness the
Downfall of the Premier
SURRENDER IN SIGHT
Task of Formulating the
Budget Will Be Handed
Over to the Opposition
LONDON, Jan. 12.—King Edward at
to-day's meeting of the Privy Council
signed a proclamation convening Par
liament for February 14. The session
wlll*,be opened by the King personally
with full state ceremonies. The un
usual lateness of the date of the re
opening is interpreted to mean that the
Government does not propose to press
any redistribution bill, but to give the
aliens bill, which Premier Balfour had
definitely promised, the first place In
its legislation programme.
Recent speeches of Ministers confirm
the belief in an early dissolution of
Parliament, and It seems likely that un
less previously defeated, possibly
through the Intentional abstention of
the Chamberlalnites, tihe Government
will find a pretext for voluntarily dis
solving Parliament toward the end of
March and hand over to the opposition
the seemingly thankless task of formu
lating the budget.
Premier Balfour, speaking at a ban
quet given in his honor at Glasgow
to-night, avoided the fiscal question,
except to say that he had nothing to
add or retract from his Edinburgh
speech.
Speaking at Liverpool to-day, Joseph
Chamberlain related that on one occa
sion a monarch said to him:
"Of all things connected with your
history, the one I admire most is your
colonial policy."
Chamberlain replied to this:
"I think you do us too much honor.
We never had a colonial policy, but
somehow we have been allowed to
blunder into the best pants of the
world.
The Parliamentary bye-election In
the Mile End (East London) district
to-day, resulted In a victory for Harry
L. W. Lawson, Unionist, by the nar
row margin of 76 votes over Victor
Straus, Liberal.
CYCLERS' BOARD OF TRADE
CELEBRATES ANNIVERSARY
Members of Organization Enjoy Sump
tuous Dinner and Discuss Good
Roads and Streets.
The fourteenth annual dinner of the
San Francisco Cyclers' Board of Trade
Mas held last night at a prominent
Pine-street restaurant, where about
sixty members of the organization
mr.de merry for several hours. Pre
siding at the sumptuously provided
table was W. J. Kenney, who in his
opening remarks paid a high tribute
to the many good business qualities of
E. H. Algeltinger, the newly appointed
Commissioner of Public Works, and
to the energetic manner in which that
city official attends to his duties.
"Good Roads and Good Streets" was
the general theme of the speeches.
Among those who spoke were W. J.
Kenney, Joseph Holly, J. P. Allen,
John Bill, B. C. Baker and Mr. Hop
kins.
Crocker School Graduates.
The following were graduated from
the grammar grade at the Crocker
School yesterday:
Miss N. O. Gallagher's class)— Jennie Alpern,
Hazel Barrett, Tessle Goodman, Ethyl Groom,
Lavlna Hund, Cella Lazer, June Mr Lea, Irma
Morris, Kathleen O'Brien, Alleen Parrett,
Dorothy Pillsbury. Mona Renfro, Alice Saun
ders. Freda Schaefer, Jane ToWo, Frances
Talbot, Alice Slattery, Bessie Whlttl*. Fanny
Webster, June Yeakle, Robert Anthony, Max
Basker, Lester Britner, Edgar Burke, Days
Doherty, Walter Fjerem, Valentine Franz.
Robert Gardiner, Robert Gunn. Raymond
Honlgsberg, Howard Morris, Masawa Naka
uiura, Fred Ruether, Jacob Stone, Arthur 811
--verstone, Oscar VI tt. Will Steedman. Rudolph.
Winters, Frank de Lano.
Miss Harby's clsss (honorary)— Vincent But
ler, Robert Cumming, Nina Molse, Pearl
Crone, Helen Inglls, Nettle Kelley. Anna
Toung, Maria Perusina. Edward Salomon.
Frank Ruebke, Clara Westover, Howard
Crane, Reuben Wannermacher, Lillian Capp,
James Mahoney, Albert Tooker. Ramon Con
lisk, Julian Lyden, Rudolph Mohr. Mabel
Stlerlen, Howard Madden, Thomas Low,
Thomas Rice, Anna Weir. Fred Dover, Ru
dolph Baum. Wesley Ruggles.
Alma Davis. George Maundrell, May Talbot,
Grace Deering, Emery Seeburt.
The following were the medal pupils: Bridge
medal —Vincent Butler, Valentine Frans, Rob
ert Cummlnga; Denman medal —Cella Laser,
Nina Molse.
Honorary graduates: Miss Gallagher's class —
Valentine Franz Cella Laser, Jane Tobin. Bes
sie Whittle, Dorothy Pillsbury. Howard Mor
ris, Lester Britner. Freda Schaefer, Raymond
Holngsberg, Oscsr Vitt.
The exercises of the two classes
were held jointly and the diplomas
were presented by Mayor Sc.limits.
Tolly Estate Litigation Is Ended.
SAN JOSE, Janl 12.—The long liti
gation over the estate of John Tully,
who died in 1894, leaving six ranches,
totaling more than 1000 acres, was to
day ended by Judge Rhodes' decision
tn the Superior Court in favor of the
plaintiffs in the suit of Isabella Hlg
gins et al. vs. K. F. Turel et al., de
termining that Tully's deed to his chil
dren in 1885 is valid, and that he ac
quired no tittle as against them, and
that the defendants, the principal one
being his second wife, have no right
or title to any of the property.
Builders' Contracts.
Christian Froeiich (owner) with H. H. Lou-sen
* Bro*. (contractors), architects Button &
Weeks—Brick work, terra cotta, granite snd
iron work for a five-story brick building on S
corner of First and Natoma streets, SW 106,
SE 80. NE 4H, NW 40, NE 60, NW 40; $21,-
SSO.
Same owner with Thomas H. Day's Sons
(contractors), architects same—Roofing, gal
vanized Iron work, electric wiring, carpenter
work, glass, stairs, painting and whitewashing
for tame on same; JU463.
Lizzie D. Hopper (owner) with Karl D. and
Floyd L. Bulra (contractors), architects Balrd
Bros.—Plumbing, plastering, painting, brick,
concrete and carpenter work for a, two-story
frame building on S line of Twenty-third street
10ft W of Bryant avenue, W 25 by B 104:
$4650.
Theresa A. Oelrichs (owner) with California
Engineering and Construction Company (con
tractors), architects Reid Bros.—Steam heating
snd ventilating system for building bounded on
N by Sacramento street, on E by Powell street,
S by California street and W by Mason street:
$86,392.
M. Friedman & Co. (owners) with L. and B.
Emanuel, Inc. (contractors), architects—Henry
H. Meyers and Clarence R. Ward—Counters,
shelving, case*, fixtures and other work on
i,econd floor of building on S line of Post street,
E of Stockton. 238 Post street; $1750.
California Club of California (owners) with
Charles Stockholm (contractor), architect Wil
liam Knowles— All work for a three-story
frame club building on N line of Clay street,
175 W of Polk, W r»0 by N 127:814. Western
Addition 52; $18,068. .
EXPRESS FEAR
OF A RACE WAR
Residents of Redlands Be
lieve That an Attack May
Be 3lade on the Japanese
BROWN MEN ARE READY
Arm Themselves and Give
Notice That They Intend
to Make Fight if Molested
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, Jan. 12.—A*
sensation was caused at Redlands by
the discovery of a sign In red ink nailed
in front of the Japanese headquarters
and bearing: the following* inscription:
"Get out of here, you Jap dogs, or you
will get hell knocked out of you. Tou
have taken Port Arthur, but you can't
take Redlands. Your dose will be lead
next time."
The notice was embellished with the
usual skull and crossbonea in regula
tion whiteoap style
The trouble began during the orange
picking season, when one of the labor
contractors brought In several Japan
ese pickers, saying white men were too
expensive. The ranchers protested in
fear that this would bring on a Jap
anese invasion of the Redlands section,
but the white and Mexican help had
grown so independent the brown men
had to be accepted. Their numbers
have increased steadily since and the
Mexicans have Joined the whites in
their hostility to the newcomers.
The other day a crowd of white and
Mexican pickers surrounded the house
occupied by the Japanese and hurled
a volley of stones when their threats
were laughed at by the Japanese. The
brown men made a sally with chairs,
billets of wood and like weapons and
the storming party toox to its heels-
The Japanese have armed themselves
with revolvers and announced that
they will defend themselves at all costs,
and the posting of the notice is causing
grave apprehension among the more
temperate of the people of Redlands,
although the sentiment in that city is
decidedly against the Asiatics. It is
said that several of th© wtilte pickers
had purchased small homes upon the
installment plan, but that owing to
the competition of the Japanese they
have been unable to make payments.
AUNT OF YOUNG WEBER
RECEIVES BAD FRIGHT
AUBURN, Jan. 12.—A sensation waa
spoiled this afternoon when Sheriff
Keena's deputies investigated a hasty
summons. The Sheriff's office was rung
up by telephone and the request made
to send two deputies to E. S. Snow
den's house immediately. Mrs. Snow
den is Mrs. Julius Weber's sister. Vis
ions of another murder hastened tha
deputies' feet up the steep hill to tha
Snowden house. Mrs. Snow-den's nerves
have been badly shaken by her sister's
murder and rinding a pistol outside of
the house concluded danger was abroad
and sent for the officer*:. They ven
tured the opinion that the pistol was
Mr. Snowden's, but she said not and
declared that when he brought it down
stairs he always told her about it.
Snowden was on a Jury in a Chinese
criminal case and not until he identified
the pistol and said he took it down to
clean it would she dismiss her fears.
The papers in the bill of interplead
ing were served to-day on Vice Presi
dent Lubeck of the Placer County Bank
and Adolph Weber. The latter laughed
when served and said: A I see they are
still after me. Well, I shall be aggres
sive hereafter and they will find I have
plenty of fight left before they get
through with me." He looks In better
health than a month ago.
Attorney General Webb arrived this
afternoon and has been In close con
sultation with the Sheriff and District
Attorney this afternoon and evening
concerning the Weber case.
MILLIONAIRE DUKE'S WIFE
IS KNOWN IN PORTLAND
PORTLAND. Or., Jan. 12.—Alice L.
Webb, who has recently come into
prominence through her marriage to
Brodie L. Duke, is well known in this
city, having lived .here several months
in 1899. When she waa in Portland
she was the wife of E. H. Powell,
steward in a local hotel. Powell went
to Pennsylvania from here, deserting
his wife and endeavoring to keep his
whereabouts a secret. Mrs. Powell,
while In Portland, claimed that she
knew a great deal about the secrets
of Masonry and on the strength of
that plea attempted to Ingratiate her
self with several prominent members
of that order. She Is remembered as
a woman of good education and ad
dress and a clever conversationist.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.—Justice
Gaynor of the Supreme Court to-day
appointed a commission to summon
a Jury to take testimony on January
19 concerning the sanity of Brodie L.
Duke, now confined in a sanitarium
at Flushing, L. L
New Postmasters.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12.—The fol
lowing postmasters were appointed to
day: California —Samuel D. Hobson.
Coulterville; Eliaha A. Herseng, Can
tara, and Rebecca Watson, Allendale,
Alameda County.
Pioneer Hebrew Editor Dead.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12. —K. H. Sara
shon, the pioneer Jewish newspaper
publisher of the United States, died to
day of pneumonia. He waa 70 years
of age. He established the first Jew
ish newspaper published in this coun
try (the Jewish Gazette) in 1874.
Death Calls Former Governor.
RED CLOUD, Nebr.. Jan. 12. —Ex-
Governor Silas Garber, the first Gov
ernor of Nebraska under the new con
stitution, died early to-day at his home
in this city. The immediate cause of
his death was a stroke of paralysis,
the third within a year.
*
Mrs. J. W. Rohde Dead.
OAKLAND, Jan. 12.—Mrs. John
William Rohde, aged 46 years, died
yesterday at her home in Fruitvale
from the effects of a paralytic stroke.
She Waa a native of New York and she
leaves besides her husband two chil
dren and a Bister.
WILL NOT PLAY
IN NATIVE CITY
Blanche Bates Forced by
Theatrical War to Leave
Portland Out of Itinerary
ROW AMONG MANAGERS
Belasco and His Star Can
not Obtain House in Which
to Produce Latest Drama
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Jan. 12.—Portland, the
| birthplace of Blanche Bates, Is to be
the only one which will not sea that
talented actress in her production, "Tha
Darling of tha Gods."
Last year Miss Bates waa booked to
| play here at Cordray'a Theater, which
j was then producing the Stair & Havlln
j shows. At that time Stair & Havlin
! were fighting the theatrical trust. A
few months ago Cordray St Russell,
proprietors of Cordray's Theater, sold
their house to a vaudeville circuit, and
the Stair A Havlin contracts were tak
en over by George L Baker to be pro-
I duced at the Empire. Since then tha
j Stair & Havlin people and the trust
: have patched up their differences and
i are now working together.
Until recently it had been supposed
! that Miss Bates would appear at the
: Empire and her paper was sent here
! with that understanding. Baker, how-
ever, states that he haa no assurances
that Miss Bates will play at his house.
The Marquam is a trust house, and it is
said when Baker parted with hiß inter
est in the Columbia, the only other
theater capable of producing an attrac
tion of the magnitude of "The Darling
of the Gods," he stipulated that the
new lessee waa to produce no road at
tractions.
This waa done, it is hinted, for th* ex
press purpose of heading off Belaaco
and his star. As the matter stands
when Miss Bates closes in San Fran
cisco January 29, she proDably will be
compelled to Jump Portland unless her
production is presented in a halL
PERSONAL.
S. F. Graham of San Jose is at the
Palace.
Dr. T. C. Myers of Los Angeles is at
the Grand.
Charles C. Derby of Mt. Bullion is at
the Palace.
Colonel D. H. Bryant of San Jose is
at the Grand.
George W. Hazen, Portland attorney,
Is at the St. Fsancls.
A. E. Blackburn, a Vancouver hotel
man, is at the Grand.
G. H. Robinson of Salt Lake City is
registered at the Palace.
Lieutenant Commander R O. Bitler,
U. S. N., Is at the Occidental.
Luther G. Brown of Los Angeles
registered at the Palace yesterday.
Dr. Eastman and wife of Amherst,
Mass., are registered at the Occidental.
George T. Myers, a pioneer salmon
packer of Portland, Is staying at the
Palace.
H. A. Toole, a business man of Yoko
hama, is among the latest arrivals at
the St. Francis.
P. J. Ryan, a capitalist of Chicago,
and his wife, who usually spend the
winter in San Francisco, arrived yes
terday and are at the St. Francis.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.—The follow
ing Californians are in New York:
From San Francisco—E. H. Ben
nett, H. A. Brown, G. T. Cassett. F.
Demuth, W. C. Harris and E. Hovey
and wife, at the Gilsey House; F. C.
Hopkins, at the Grand Union; J. S.
Jarman, at the Union Square; W. H.
Judson, at the Hotel Breslin; H. A.
Dolefleld, W. S. Pope and E. G. Tib
bets, at the Gilsey House; E. J. Mo
lera, at the Holland House; M. L.
Requa, at the Netherlands; G. H. Sald
ing, at the Hotel Astor; W. J. Doxey,
at the Albert; J. K. Foils, at the Ho
tel Imperial; Miss K. Forbes and W.
D. Forbes, at the Gilsey House; Mrs.
S. M. Klngsley, at the Earlington, and
Mrs. H. G. Newhall. at the Park Ave
nue.
Prom San Diego—C. H. Baldwin, at
the Grand Union.
From San Jose—D. N. Palmer, at
the Gilsey House.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
■
■CHICAGOm *3 DAYS!
I UAVES OAILY AT9;3b A M I
M WITH Ql N f.RB AND Q LetPtRS J
Other Santa Pc Trains i
7:80 a. m. 1
0:30 a. m. \ For Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld,
8:00 p. m.J Merced. Hartford and Vlsslta.
4:00 p.m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
snd Chicago.
Ticket Of flees—64l Msrket st. snd Ferry Depot.
Ssn Francisco: also 1112 Broadway Oak
land. Oal.; also 27 Sooth Ist, Ssn Jose.
■
Via Sausalito Ferry
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, daily, at T7-06
7:46, 8:26. 9:10. 9:50. 11:00 a. m.; 12:20 l"«
3:15. 4:35. 5:16. 5:60. 6:30. 7:16, 10:15 and
11:35 p. m.
Arrive at San Francisco dally, at t6-40
7:35. 8:15. 8:60, 0:36. 10:50 a. m.; 13:10 1 : 30
*:56. 4:26. 6:06. 5:43. 6:23. 6:57, 7:40 and 11T25
p. m.
tDally except Sunday.
For Fairfax dally, at 7:45 a. m.- also Satur
days st 3:15 p. m.. and dslly except Saturday
and Sundsy st 5:16 p. m. *
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:46 a. m. dally—Cassdero and way station*
3:15 p. m„ Saturdays only—For Cassdero
etc. *
5:15 p. m. daily, except Saturday and Sun
day. for Tomsles. etc
TICKET OFFICE—6SO Market st
FSRRT—Union Depot, foot of Mirket sC
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
jJ-n. Tnlai i**»t* a** a** «»•
iL^^^zi BAN FKANCIBC(X
r?*j!j^*™—/ • / rmo* ootobbb » not
! Fmut Da***
>> <JC \JS (Toot of Market Street)
">at, .- Main line. -A«*rv7
7.00 a Vacavlllc. Wlntere, 8urntey........ 7 60*
7.00 a B*nlcia, Elmlr*and Sacramento,. 7.28*
7 30ATal!eJo, Nana, Calletog*. BanU
Rom. Martinez. Sao Bassca ••»•>
T 50a Nlie».Tr»ry. U»tarop, Stockton.••- 7.20*
B 00a Sheet* Kxprett - ffjj p*rt*).
William*. Willows, tFrsto. Red
Bluff. Portland, Tacoma, Seattle 7 SO»
S 00a DavU.Wootiland.KnlKhU Landing.
Marytvtlle. OroTllle
• 50a Marlines. Anvloch. By r**. Tracy.
Stockton. New man, toe Bane*.
Meadota, Armona, Han for*.
Vitail*. Ferterville...... -• *.•*▼>
•-50 A Port Cost*, Modeeto. Merc**,
Freeno, Goshen Jnnctloa. Has- . .-w
ford, viaslla, Bskert field ... ... ■
•-30 a Kllei, B*a Jose, Llvennore, Stock
ton, (tMlitos). tene. Sacrament*, mm
. Maryivlile. Chlco. Red Blt»# ■
•30 a oakaaie. Chla*»e, J a me*tews, B*» . 9Ba>
nor*. Tuolumne and Angelii..... SfSSZ
• 00a Atlaatle Expreat—Ogden and «*«.
•Jill Richmond. Martlaes aad Way
Station* •••• ■•■■»"
10 00a The Overland Limits* — *>gde*.
Omaha, Chicago, Denver. Xsatae
Cliy, St. LouU - -J-jE
JOOOaT.uejo..., mmmw
10-OOa Lot Angel** Passenger — reft
Ooeu. Martinet, Byron. Ttsot,
Lsttarop. stock tea. Merced,
Raymond, Frets*. Get*** Jas*>
Mob, Han ford, Leraoore, Vlsalls. —
Bakerafleld. Lot Angeiet i'UfZ
tt-OOM Hayward. Nile* and War Btslts**. .JKfS",
tVOOP 6aeramest*River Steamers TWJmtm
».*o* Benteia, winter*. Sacrament*.
Woodland, Knight* Landing,
Marytviiie, OrorUl* and way
•tationt II fM
BJH>P Hayward. Wnat sad Way Bt*U«*i.. 7*m*
BJ9p port Co*u, Muataaa, Byroa, Tracy,
Lftthro*. Stockton. Meaetto, .
Merced, Bereada, Freta* and
Way Buttons beyand Pert Costa UU2S*>
• Jo*> Martin**, 8»s JUmo*. Y»lieJo.sap*,
CeUatoga, SuUltM*. ABO*
4 OOP Klles. Tracy. Stockton it-fr*
4Ji>Hayward. Nile*. Irvlsgt**, Baal t«-Wa
J*se. Llvermor* > HUfi
•40* The Owl Limited—Newman, Lea
Ban**, Mendota. Fresno. Tula**,
Bakersfield.LoeAas.eiee. - Uh
ff 80* Hayward, Kllei and Ssn Joe* 7.20*
I.OOP Hay ward. Nile* ana Ran Jo** *****
• .OOP Eastern Exsri-ss -Omaha, Chteag*
Denver. Bants* City, *t. Louie,
Martlaes. Btocktoa. Sacramento,
Col fax. Reno, Spark*. IBsBBBssBj
Ogdes TBS**»
t.to(> Tsllelo, dally, except ft-aday....T
7 .OOP Vsllejo, Sunday only J
7a7OP Hlchrao**, San PaWo, Port Cotta,
Martinet sad Way Station* tUB)
?4»p Bcno Psatenger—Port Coets, Bt>
Blola. Bul»un, Elmlr*, Dlxoa.
Psyls, Sacrament", Sparks, Tos*
a*b, Keeler snd war Station*... 7Jtm
%••> Orsgos * CalUorsla Kxprttl ••*
rsmsnt*. Mary* rill*. B*ddlns>
Port laud, Paget B*sad and Bait. Utah
Alt*> Bay ward. NUe* sad Baa Jos* (Star
dsyonly) .■ 11-*tß
LINE M
(Foot *f Market Street.) a
"XHS Newark. Csstsryul*. Baa J***«
Felton, Boulder Creek, Baal*
Crai and Way Statlors .......... ÜBS*
H.IBP Newark. Centerrllls. San Jo*a.
New Almsdes. Lot tiato».F*ltos,
Boalder Creek. Santa Cms sad
Frisolpal Way BtaUon* tl° * 8 »
AtCpßswafk. San Joss, Lot Gates... j
*tO 30p Honter* 1 Train (Saturday *ar/>—
Baa Joss sad Wsy Station* t7 26*
lr (Third sad Tswsfd 8 tree U.)
t |loa San Jot* and Wsy BUtloos. /. DB
7 00a San Jote and Way SUttoas. $.40*
• 00a New Almaden (Tact., Frio., only). 4.10*
• 4)oaTl>« Coaster—Ssd Jote, Salinas,
Ban Ardo, Paso Roble*. Santa
StargarUa. Baa Lull ObKp*.
Guadalupe, Gavlota, Santa Bar-
Bars, Bas BuensTenturs, Mob*
telvo, Oxnard, Burbank, Los
Angeles 18-sBw
•JOA Ollroy, Hollltter, CattroTllle, Bet
Mont*. Pacific Grove, Surf, Lon>
poc ! 10.J0*>
•40a Ban Jote. Tre* Plßot.WstKonvlUe,
Cspltola, Santa Crat, Ptclfl*
Grove. Saltoss. San Lult ObUp*
sad Principal Way Station*. 4.10 a
1040 a Ssa Jote and Way Stations. , 1.20*
11 3»a Bsn Jote sa4 Way Stattona 7.30*
i ljP San Jote and Wty Stations 8 30*
.OOP Del Monte Rxprett—Bants Clara,
Ban Jote, Wsttonvnie. Bants
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grove 1218*
t«VOOP Lot Gatoa. Wright. Beolder Creek.
Bants Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge 110.46 a
1-30* Valencia St., South San Francisco,
Burllngame, Ssn Jots, GUroy,
Hollltter, I re* Pino* 10 45*
«p San Jote and Way Station* .... 18 00*
p Santa Clara, San Joae. Lot Gatos,
snd principal Way Btatlona (ex
cept Sunday) tB-OOa
If.SOp £anJoteundPrtnclpaiVfayStation* «i.4Q*
X 41p Bnctet Eiprets.—Redwood. San
Joae,Gllroy.Sallnaa,Pato Kobies,
Ssn Lull Obltpo, Santa Barbara,
Lot Angriet, Demlng. Xl Pato.
pt.Loul*. Xew Orleans, KewTork • i*a
6.4spPs]aro. WattosTllle. Ct pi tola,
oanta Cruz, Csatrovlile, Del
Mocte, Pacific Grove 10 30*
IR.IBP fcau Maieo,Bere*ford,Belmost,B*s
Carlot. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Mealo Park. Palo Alto tS-48*
B SOp Sin Jote and Way Stations. 6-38*
• 00p Pal* Alto and Way Stations 1015*
11 .MP South SanPrancltco. Mlllbrae. Bur-
HSjgsme, San Mateo, Belmont,
Baa Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Mcnlo Park, and Palo Alio 19-46 m
■IWp May field. Mountain View, Bonny
vale, Lawresce, Bants Clara sad
Ban Jote SB §Mm
A for Morning. P for After do**.
ttsjadsy excepted. t Bssday only
o Saturday only. * Monday tasßV
IB tost at all ttatloat oa Sunday
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. Ca
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market Btreeri.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS—7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:38.
3:30. 6:10, 0:30 p. m. Thursdays—Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at I:6© and 11:80 p. m.
SUNDAYS—B:OO. 9:30. 11.00 a. m.; 1:30, S:8B.
6:00, 6:1!0, 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FSANOIBOO.
WEEK DAYS—tJ:O6, 7:36. 7:60, 8:20. Uill
a. m.; 12:60. 3:40, 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 2:06 and 8:35 p. raw
SUNDAYS —8:00, 9:40, 11:16 a. m.; I*6, B:4sL
4:06. 6:06. 6:28 p. m.
Leave I In Effect Arrive
Ban Fran. I Oct. 2, 190*. [ Ban Fran,
Week I Sun- I Dettlna- I Bun- I Week
Days. I days. 1 tlon. I days. | TJajr*.
7:80 a 8:00 a! 1 9:10 al 8:40*
9:30 a Ignacto. 110:40 aho:3o •
8:80p 3:30p 6:06 p «:20»
6:10 p 6:00 p| I 7:38 pj
T:Boa| 0:10 al«i4s>t>
8:00 s Novate. 10:40 a MhBO *
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 8:06 p BiBO a
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:38 »
6:00 p Santa Rose.
7:30 a 10:40 allB:B0 •
8:00 a Fulton. 7:86 pf«:*>»
8:30 p 3:30 p j I
'Windsor,
7:80 a 8:00 a Healdaburg. lOidßa Zwtf* m
Lytton.
8:80 p 3:30 p Geyservllle, T:88 p 8:20 »
Cloverdale.
7:80 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 afl0:» *
3:30 p] 3:30 p[ and Uklah. |7:36p|«:B0»
I I Willits and 1
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Sherwood. | 7:85 y\ •tOfj
"7:80 a! 8:00a| 110:40a|10:90*
S:3op|3:Bopi GusrnevlU*. [7:36p|6:20»
7:30 a! 8:00 al Sonoma 1 9:10 a! 8:40*
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Qlen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 8:80 y>
110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 pj 3:30 p| Bebaatopol- | 7:85 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Bra* for Saa
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for Whit* Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone
vllle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls
bad Springe, Soda Bay. Lake port, Bartlett
Springs snd Lake County Hot Springs; at
Uktah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springe.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs,
Upper Lake, Porno, Poter Valley, John Day's,
Riverside. Lierly's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrtn
Heights Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs, Halfway
House 'Comptche. Hopkins. Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal; st Willits for
Fort Bragg, Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Cahto, Covelo, Laytonville, dimming*,
Bell's Spring*. Harris, Hubbard, Frultland.
Dyer, Garbervllle, Camp 5, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re
duced rates
On Sunday—Round-trip tickets te all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, C5O Market street, Chronlcl
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
i .yiT, Tamalpais Railway
"l»r. Bt> Tnuieiact _ Ar - 8411 rVaccuc*
**y attJ>M 7» rPtyT
8:25 a « H l:30r •ToTsOa
»:60a «:50a|BS ■ S:sftp 3:85r
'i;'d*Bi»'' l*:4sr) 6:23p ""*eT»'g'p
tsnudsj* d~3sp attartsrt lit IB*
'Tiswrtvitj Otr T MtTxsttlisM*smUT*ilsf
TICHT J 660 Markst ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
BIHOB \ aad Sausauto Faaav. Foot Market St
i m i ■ . i —■ , _j
Weekly Call $1 per YearCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
'•; ' SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Local Securities more interesting, with the Sugars higher.
Wall-street Stocks rather l&wer on the day. Cotton declined.
.\ - ,'. n'cr. Exchange continues firm.
Wheat and Barley futures loiver. Cash quotations as before.
pals. Corn anil Rye still firmly held.
Hay, Feedstuffs and Beans show no further change.
General advance in Farinaceous goods.
[Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables firm.
/■'onlay Came markets continue in good shape.
. Ajhples selling well, but Oranges dull, owing to the cold weather,
wer and very dull. Butter and Cheese quiet.
Dry and Salted Hides advanced. Tallow easy.
■Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged. Cured Meats still dull.
.'Terpentine marked up 3c per gallon.
Wheat Exports in 1901.
. Th* exports of Wheat from San Francisco
'."by.sea in December, 1904, were as follows:
•:• jo— Centals. Values.
"■/Great Britain 223,483 $332,715
.-Hawaiian Island 1,910 3,112
. 'ITUhitl 66 108
Totals 225.459 $335,935
.• In December, 1903, the exports were 161.58S
' centals, valued at $223,438. and included 160.478
• -centals, valued at $221,206, for Great Britain.
There were three whole and two part cargoes
. aleared for Great Britain last month, while in
. -J>eceniber, 1904. there was only one whole
.cargo cleared for the same, that of the British
'.ship Monkbarns, which carried 68.398 centals,
'..the balance of the shipments being taken in
-'small quanltles and chiefly as stiffening for
"barley cargoes.
The monthly shipments in 1904 were as fol
lows :
Months— Centals. Values
.January 175.952 $246,995
.February 14.601 20,105
.-.March 90,417 128,364
■ : April 72,705 101,918
May • 98,599 t 138.860
..•June .'. 79,012 102,665
:July 13.300 18,361
.August 9,195 13,287
41,891 61.618
•October 133.253 198,477
• November 237,104 343,305
. December 226,459 335,935
Total*' 1.192,508 $1,694,380
" The total exports for 1903 were more than
idoubls those of 1904, being 2,758,974 centals,
, valued at $4,017,149. The export trade last
.'.-.year was very quiet The crop was short anl
' 'prices were too high to admit of profitable ex
.-portlng. ' Ship? v.-ere plentiful and, tonnage
'.'•rates were low during the greater part of the
'-year: "but despite the low rates a great many
■'vessels had u> be sent away In ballast.
•'. "The exports In 1002, not including the shlp
.tnents to the Hawaiian Islands, were 8,223*474
• centals, valued at $9,668,886. No record was
. "kept of the shipments to the Hawaiian Islands
.In that year prior to June 1, but after that
"Aate.the statistics were resumed by the Gov
ernment, and from June 1 to December 31 there
.tcere-1.j.492 centals, valued at $18,164, shipped
• -to the. fslands.
v " EASTERN MARKETS.
'•• New York Money Market.
•' N.EW YORK, Jan. 12—Closed: Money on
.'ceJl steady 25x2% per cent.
Time loans, easy; sixty days and ninety
. .day?. 3 per cent: six months, 8®3% per cent.
.'• Pjinie mercantile paper, 4@4% pcr -cent.
' 'Sterling exchange was strong, closing ea3ier,
.•with actual business in bankers' bills at
>. T (4-87*9 for demand and at $4.8510®
.'54.8516 for sixty days bills.
" Petted rates, $4 85%f®$4 86 and $4 88®
, $4 88%. It* ••■
' .Commercial Mils. $4 84%.
l . Bar sil.vcr. r,9" s c.
' Mexican dollars, 47% c. . . .
.; .Bonds—Governments, steady; railroads, Ir
• regular.
Now York Stock Market.
•• NEW YORK, Jan. 12. —Selling predominated
•over buying in to-day's stock market opera
tions, but the transactions, were no les*
'•Strictly professional than they have been ever
• sini.e New Year's. The traders seemed
'": ipted to sell, mainly by their disappoint
••ment over the futility of previous attempt*
to get prices higher. Some of the day's devel
opments- offered a nominal cause for the de
p'resstoa, but there was little evidence of real
liquidation, the traders simply endeavoring to
••anticipate what the action would be of real
' holders of stocks. There is undoubtedly con
siderable unsettlement cf mind among specu
lators over the varying and contradictory' r*
■p..rts from Washington regarding the legls
" lative programme. The weight of opinion to
" flf.v was definitely on the side of aggressive
insistence by the President upon measures to
regulate railroad freight rates and curpora
"twß affair*, with the question of tariff re
'Vislon relegated to th* background.
The financial district showed its usual sen
sitiveness to the animation of these subjects.
:The action taken by the Pennsylvania direc
tors toward a $60. "00,000 bond issue had an
adverse effect on bullish sentiment, although
•some such action has been pretty clearly ex
.pec'.ed. It Is urged by the advocates of active
•peculation that the great Interests which have
• theae new issues in view would be anxious to
•foeter. an active stock market to assist In
floating them. But that did not prevent a
■'characteristic reversal of the point of view in
to-day's trading to the apprehension that the
prqepict of new offerings would stagnate the
•. demand for securities already In the market.
Come of the stocks which have had the ben
■e'flt recently of rumors of increased dividends
' were notable sufferers in to-day's reaction.
Trie movement of these stocks had a large
sympathetic sffect on the whole list. A rather
more active Inquiry waa reported for time
. loans for the longer periods, and, the further
advance In foreign exchange offered no proe
'•pect of any cessation of the outward movement
of 'gold, although discounts In London were
■appreciably easier. London was a seller In
this market, however, on balance, as was
Paris in the London market. In spite of the re
ported success of th* Russian loan In Berlin.
. The closing wa* heavy.
Bond* were irregular. Total sal**, par
value $4,615,000.
.- United States Government bonds were all
unchanged on call.
New York Stock Lisa.
E T. Hutton A Co., 400 California street,
San 'Francisco, members of th* New York
. 'Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
quotations of that Exchange:
•. (Adams Express.! ( 238 lafiO
- • 83.30O|Amalg Copper .. 74%| TS%| 73%| 73%
40©jAmer Car&FdyCo 33%; 33% 83% 33'*
i] -Do pfd 82%| »3%
....*. ...[Amer Chicle [ 91%; 96
j. 1 Do Pfd ;125 128
* BOO, Amer Cotton Oil 35 83%; 34% i 35
' Do pfd : 94 I 97
jAflier Dist Telgh 35 i 38
■ Amer Ex 212 [215
'*800!Amer Grass TCo 12% 12 | 12%, 13
. . Amer H&Leather 11 10%] 10%) 10%
9,400 **> P fd 48% i 49% 48%
• lOjOAmer Ice 0%' 8% 0%i o%
100| Do pfd 37 36 | 37 37%
90OiAmer Locomotive 84%j 84%, 34%I 35
.........j Do pfd ( i 104%|106
2,50o;Amer Malt 7% 7%) , 7%l 7%
900) Do pfd I 26% 26% 26 27
■; • <4.000; Amer Smelt&RCol 81 %| 81 81 81%
. - A.20OI Do pfd 112 112 111 112%
■ 3,7001 Amer Sugar 142%,141 |141%'l41%
| Do pfd I )187 |139
, ...-...VAmer T & T Co 1 1140 148
.500|Amer Woolen .. 22% 22% 22% i_%
• ...-....!. Do pfd 93 95
•00 Anaconda 110% 100 108% 109
Ann Arbor 31 35
Do pfd 62 63
. 5-,700fAT& SanteFe... 87% 8B% 86% 86%
. 900 Do pfd 1100% '100 100 100%
•• 47.oOOBalt & Ohio |l03%jl01% 101% 102
VX}\ Do pfd 1)6% j 95% 95% 86%
(Bay State Gas %| %
*.■ 9,300! B R T 61% 60% «1%I 61%
.'BroOk Un Gaa 208 210
-BOti'lirunswiok D&I. 11 11 10% 14
:'.'«> Kutterick Co .. 80 60 60 63
».• Can Southern 68 69
OOP Can Pacific .... 133 1132% 132% 132%
700'C & O i 47% 47% 47%) 47%
MX>lC & A ..■ I 42% ( 41% 42 [48
800 Do pfd I.' ! 80 88
.'....*'... C & E I pfd.... j 130 180
. .14,400 C & Q W ! 23%I 22% 22%! 22%
•• 200! Do rfd "A" ..) 66%! 66 66 j 70
•20*1! Do pfd "B" .. 35% 34% 35 35%
100 Do deb. j 85%! 85%! 85 j 87 -
„!C & N W ( 1 203 210
M & StP .... 172%!171% 171%!171%
Do pfd 1 182 !I85%
• lO.TOOiC R I * P (new) 86%! 35% m ! 36%
•■ 1»706) Do pfd 84 J 84 83%I 84
J Do 4*s ..! 82 82%
200lChic Terminal .. 10%' ir>% 1<> j 10%
1.400! Do pfd 20* I 2(>%! 20 i 20%
2,3*00tCrric rn Traction! 11% 10%! 12
100 Do. pfd 48 45 I 45%f 46%
/ iC-C C & St !>...! B9 I 91
I Do pfd 115 1120
'. iCleve I,or AW.! 75 | 80
5001 Do ofd 101% lOf 102 1102
'Coin Fuel & Iron" 46% 45%! 45%! 45%
I Do pfd I ! { 80 I..;..
500lCol Hock C & 1.1 16% 10%| 15%j 10
Express.
Copper ..
I
96%
61%
84%
I
7%
M
81%
'»%
'87%
!
!l00
jn>i%
85%
'eo'%
"ii"
eo
60
iuuloio soumern ...
9C0 l>o 1st pfd 61%
1 Do 2d pfd I
1,300 Consolidated Gas 196%
100 Cont Tob Co pfd. 120%
:>it€ Corn Products ...1 20%
lOOf Do pfd 78
!D L & W
iD St R a
600, Do ptd 86
iDee M & Ft D..
(Detroit Southern
700; Do pfd 3.3%
l.lOOiDis Securities .. 38
Duluth S B & A
100 Do pfd 25%
36,2001 Erie I 40
4.600i Do 1st pfd i 78
1,0001 Do 2d pfd i 62%
E & T H
I Do pfd
iGen Chemical ... ......
Do pfd
600 Gen Electric 1186%
Greeu Cons Cop.j205
IHav Tob Co pfd. 90
200 Hocking Val pfd.! 93%
7.600 nilnifi Central ..!159
2,400, Internatl Paper..! 23%
800] Do pfd 77%
'internatl Power
(Internatl Pump
j Do pfd
ilowa Central
1 Do pfd
iKanawha Sz M..
.......iK C F S*Mpfd.
500jK C Southern...! 28%
800! Do pfd ! 53%
Laclede Gas pfd.j
[Lake E & West
Do pfd j
(Long Island
300 Louis & Nash... 1140%'
200'Manhattan 171^
1 Manhattan Beach
1.900;Metropolitan Sec! 76
W.20<";'Met St Rv 117%
2.600 Mexican Central.! 23%
100,Minn & StL I 56%!
j Do 1st pfd
pt St P & S S Ml !
.'.. Mo. Kan & Tex.
700! Do pfd 63%
8.900 Misecuri Pacific. 1106%
100*National Lead...
1 Do pfd
3.100 Ntl HR Mex pfd! 45
.National Biscuit.!
, Do pfd
300,New Jersey Cen.ilOlU.
IN Y Air Brake. .
3,700jNew York Cen..jl43%
|N Y. C & St L.'
Do 1st pfd
Do 2d pfd !
(New York Dock.l
100 N Y. N H_& H.i202
500IN Y_ Ont St W. 41
3.0m, Norfolk & West.! 70%
100! Do pfd I 98
'North American.!
.Omaha I....
i Do pfd )
200.O S L 4s I 79
; Pacifle Coast....
200| D» 1st pfd
200' Do 2d rM 1 8M >
800 Pacific Mail j 44%i
30.10O!Penn R R Co...!137%l
300! People's Gas !l0*:%|
100'P. C. C & St L. 1 77%'
) Do pfd
(Pressed Steel Car
100: Do pfd j 89%'
400 Pullman Car Co. {240%!
100.Ry Steel Spring*
100] Do pfd I 94Hi
12.80©!Reading | 81%
l..'!00' Do 1st pfd 92 !
'■ Do 2d pfd j
2.400jRepublic S Sz I..] 10%
300! Do pfd I 68%'
800lRubber Goods... 26%I
I Do pfd !
800;sios3 88 d 1 Col G2U.I
!St J & G I
I Do 1st p'd
i Do 2d pfd
StL St SF 1st pfd|
200: Do 2d pfd ...I 70%
20"''St L 4 S W ... 24%
4001 Do nfd 57
18,8C©jSo:jthern Pac '.. 66%
: Do pi'd 110%
2,200'Sou them Ry ... 34%
1,000; Do pfd 06%
[Standard R Sc T
2,000 Tenn Coal St I. 70%
Texas P L T Co
SOOfTcxes Pacific ...1 34%
I Toledo R * T Col
lOOfToIedo St L St W 36%
lOOj Do pfd (54
(Twin City R T.. |
i Union Bag St P
200! Do pfd j 71
48.500 Unijn Pacific ..-!115%
2001 Do p.'d »7%
I Do conr 4s ... j
United Copper ..[
lUnited R of S F
200j Do pfd ! 66%
1.600IU S Cast I P... 24%
600 Do pfd 85%
(U 8 Express
3,00C!U S Leather..'.. 13%
2.200; Do pfd 101%
2,000 U 8 Rubber 38%
000' Do pjd 101%
12.800 ! U S Steel Cor... 29%
23.3001 Do pfd 92%
7,9O0|Va-Car Chem Co 37%]
2 400 Do pfd 108%
Wabash
200 Do pfd 42%;
70OlWestern Union.. 92%
lOOiWestlnghouee ... 180%
, W * L B
, Do 1st pfd
Do 2d pfd ... 62%
Wisconsin Oen
I Do pfd 1
120%
20%
78
86
1
§3%
:t8
2'.%
I 40 I
i 78
62%
186%1
90 1
' 83% I
'ir.o '
28%
m
I 28%
! 53%
i
I
!140%1
I «6 1
I
'63%
loam
j-45-
ii ; i%
|
|195%
12!"%
78
!
: 33%
I 36
I 61%
:::::
186''
89 I 90 91
93%I 93 ! 93%
157%il58%!l58%
2.! 22%' 2:i
76% 70% 77%
66% 67%
38 39
86 88
29 30%
I 55% 56%
i 37% 38%
! 82 82%
28 28 28%
■ 52% 52% 53
I I M 105
! I 33 37
1 1 93 100
(, 56 56%
ft38% 140 '140%
1160 !171 171%
j I 0% 11
j 74% 75% 76%
11514 115%,116%
! 23 ' 23 23%
| 56%I 50 56%
I 42 I 43
1 88%l 90
S% 32
| 63 | 63 ! 63%
jl05%:105%|105%
! I 24%| 24%
08% | 98%
43 42%! 43
..... 55 I 56
! 113 1116
1*1 1101 |192%
! 155 (159
142% 142% (143%
I 42 45
110 |12(>
76 ! 85
18% 26
2:2 201 .'102%
• 40% 41 j 42
78% 78%j 79
93 92 96
1 100 101
1 145 150
104 104%
I 79 79 80%
7!)% 80
.....100 tl05
83 j 85 87
I 44 I 44 43
]m% 13e%|13«%
j 77%' 77 f 77%
I !102 |10s
I i 36%| 38
I 88%i S»%i 90
240 , [241 24.!
33 I 32%! 33
! 84% 1)4 , 94%
j SC%! 81 ! 81%
! «i% M% 92
i 8314! 84%
I 10 j i«%] iuv>
r *\ '■- % w%
I 26%! 26% 26%
I 04 j 94%
'< 62 ! 61 (62
I I 14 I 16
1 54 57
I I 25 I 27
I 76 (78
70%1 70% j 71
24% 25 27
! 57 56%I 57
: 6B%| »*%. 85%
it«% ite%ftMu
34%! 34% 34%
06% I 86% 96%
2% 2%
! 70 I 70% 70%
34 39
3414 *J%; 34%
128% U29
36 %i 89% 36%
54 ! 53%I 54%
1105 106
9% 11
71 , 70 73%
114% ?.
»7% I
113% 114
7 8%
20% 22
65 65 65%
24 23%! 24
85% 85%| 85%
170 1172
13% 13% 13%
101% 101 ', !101%
37% 37%! 37%
100% 100% 101
29 29 29%
I 91 %l 92% 92%
j 35% 35%! 35%
107 106% 108
21%j 21%
42% 42% 42%
02% 92% 93
180% 179 180
18% 19
44% 45
62 62 63
21% 22%
40% 46%
129 "
20%
77%
Lttr,
:3.iO
31%
33 I
36%
12%
77%
.;i%
70
S3
80
L00%
; 6i %
36%
li»7
m
I 34
j 13%
! 26%
I 39%
' 77%
! 61%
j 72
90
j 65
1102%
il86% 1
206
91
93%
158*
%
i 57
i 65%
114T2
34%
96%
I ™"
34%
36%
54
[36%!
54 i
I
115%
71
114%
j 97%
66%)
24%
85%
"i3%|
ioj2
m
*4»"'
•J!)
91%!
35%
oa"
;:::.'!
406,100—Total shares sold.
New York Bonds.
U 8 ref 2s reg. .104%! Japan 6s, cert 06%
Do coupon 104%|L A N unified 4s. 102%
Do 3s reg 103%lMan con gold 4s. 100%
Do coupon 104%|Mex Central 45... 75%
Do new 4s reg. 131 | Do Ist Inc 25
Do coupon. 131 IMlnn A St L 45.. 96%
Do old 4* reg.los%!M X A Texas 45.101
Do coupon. 106% l Do 2ds 86%
A.mer Tob 4s, cert 71%jNR of Mcx con 4s 81
Do 6s, cert 110% N V C gen 8%5..100%
Atch gen 4s 108%(N J C gen 55....134%
Do adj 4s 94-silNor Pacific 4s 105%
Atlantic C L 4s. 101%I Do 3s 77%
Bait A Ohio 45..104%!N0r A W con 45.102%
Do 3%s »5%10 S L refdg 45... 97%
Central of Oa ss, 113% Pa cony 3%s 104
Do lsg) lnc 91 Reading gen 45...101%
D 0 2d mc 72 |8 LA I M con 65.116%
Ches A Ohio 4%5.108%!S L A S F fg 4s. 88%
Chi A Alton 3Us. 81%' St L S W con 4s. 80%
C, B A Q new 4s. 99%!3eaboard A L 4*. 87
C. RI & Pac 4s. 82 So Pacific 4s 95%
Do col 5s 95%!50 Railway 8s 117%
C.C.C A SLgn 4slol%!Tex A Pac 15t*..121
Chi Term 4s 87%|T01. St L A W 4s. 83%
Colo Midland 45.. 74% Union Pacific 45.105%
Colo A So 45.... 02 | Do cony 4s 114%
Cuba se. cert ...104%'f 5? Btee , 2 d 65.. 92%
Den A Rio G 4s. 100%'Wabash lsts 118%
Dlst Securities 5s 79 ) Do deb B 66%
Brie prior lien 4s. 101 |Western Md 45.. 91
ir w i en tN 4 ?, V - 91 % w* L Erie 45... 93%
£ w ' * D C lsts.no |wis Central 45... 91%
Hock Val 4%5...10»%!
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 201uttle Chisf ..... 08
A-Hce 00' Ontario 8 75
Breece 20 inhlr 6 50
Bruns Con 09' Phoenix 08
Com Tunnel fOlPoto*! 20!
Coo Cal A Va... 170 Savage 43
Horn Silver 1 50(Sierra Nevada 52 I
Iron Silver 2 OOjSmall Hopes 25 1
Leadvllle Con 02iStandard 1 50
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |U S Steel 29
?*1! loans 2%®3%, Do pfd 92
rime loans .. .3%@4%i Westing Common. 88
Bonds — I Mining—
itchlson 4s 102% Adventure 7%
Do adj 4* 94%)Alloues 20%
Hex Central 45.. 74%1Amal Copper 73%
Railroads — [Amer Zinc 12% i
Uchlson 86%|Atlantlc 17U
Do pfd 110 I Bingham 38 :
Boston A A!bany.2.'Ml ICalumet A Hecla.66o
Boston A Maine.l7s iCentennial 24%
Boston Elev 155%! Copper Range ... 68%
Fltchhurg pfd 143 iDaly West , 15' i
Mcx Central 22% (Dom Coal 60 !
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1905.
N Y. N H A H..202 IFranklin 11 Mi
Union Pacific 114%lGrancy 5%
Miscellaneous— lisle Royale 25%
Amer Arge Chem. 20%{Mass Mining 10%
Do Pfd 86%|BIiehigan 12%
Amer Pneu Tube. 4%iMohawk ,'.. 51%
Amer Sugar 141 (Mont Coal * Coke 4%
Do pfd 138 lOld Dominion ... 27%
Amer Tel & Tel. 146 (Osceola 92%
Amer Woolen ... 22%(Parrot 28%
Ho pfd 93%!Qulncy 105
Dom Iron AS... 18% Shannon 8%
Ed Elect 11ium..252 ITamarack 115
Gen Electric 186 iTrtnlty !>
Mass Electric 13%|U S Mining 23%
Do pfd 58 U S Oil 1(1%
Masa Gas 38%lUtah 42%
United Fruit 105% Victoria 5
Un Shoe Mach... 68%'Winona 11%
Do pfd 32 IWolverlne* 106%
London Closing: Stocks.
Cons for money.. 88%:N V Central 148%
Do for acct A Western... 81%
Anaconda 5%| Do pfd 95
Atchison 88*&!Ont A Western... 42%
Ho pfd 103 % | Pennsylvania 70%
Bal A Ohio 105% ;Rand Mines 11%
Can Pacific Reading '. 41%
Ches A Ohio 40 ! Do Ist pfd 47
Chi Great West.. 23%! Do 2d pfd 43
Chi. Mil A St P.176%|.50 Railway 35%
De Beers 18%| Do pfd 99
Den A Rio Q 33 So Pacific 67%
Do pfd 78%: Union Pacific ....118%
Erie 40%! Do pfd 99%
Do Ist pfd 79%|U S Steel 30
Do 2d pfd 63% Do pfd 94%
111 Central 163 (Wabash 22
Louis A Nash 144 |Do pfd 43%
M. X A Texas... 37%|Sparrlsh 4s 89%
Bar silver—Steady; 27 9-16 d per ounce.
Money—l%®2 per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent and for three
months' bills 2%@2% per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12.—T0-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the f 150.000.000 gold reserve In
the division of redemption, shows—Available
cash balance, $41,694,375; gold, $70,232,802.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12. —COPPON—Futures
opened steady. January, 6.90 c; April, 6.96 c;
May, 7.02 c; June, 7 06c'; July, 7.12 c; August,
7.14 c.
Futures closed steady. January. 6.73 c:
February 6.77 c; March, 6.80 c; April, 6.86 c;
May, 6.85 c; June. 6.'Jjc; July, 6.99 c.
&l>ot cotton closed quiet, 5 points lower.
Middling unlands, 7.10 c; middling gulf, 7.35 c.
Sales, 1500 bales.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12—FLOUR—Receipts,
12,000 barrels; exports, 7500 barrels; quiet,
but firm.
WHEAT—Receipts, none: exports, none.
Spot market easy; No. 2 red, $1 21% f. o. b.
afloat and $1 21 elevator; No. 1 northern Du
luth, $1 27% f. o. b., afloat: options op°ned
barely steady under poor English cables and
a bearish Price Current report. Later they
rallied on adverse Argentine news, small
Western receints, bull support and ; covering,
but were unsettled In the last hour, closing
uftder i.quidation at %c net loss. May, $1 16%;
July, ul%
HOl'S—Steady.
WOOL—Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
PET HOLE U M—Easy.
COFFEE —The market for coffee futures
closed at a loss of 5 points. Total sales,
239,000 bags, including: March. 7.75@7.80c;
May. "i,B."i®B.ooc; July, B.lo®t>.l&c; September,
8.40#/5.45c December, 8.35 c. Spot quiet.
SUGAR —Raw, strong; refined, firm.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES—The market Is
firm. It looks as though part of the demand
was for the account of thost- short for Janu
ary delivery on contracts, but at any rate
prices show an advancing tendency, and it Is
doubtful if prime fruit cf attractive quality
could be secured below the outside price quoted.
Common are quoted at 4y*c! prime, 5%@5%c;
choice, 5%25%c,. and 'fancy at 6<ii7c.
PRUNES?—Continue in jobbing demand, but
so far as can be learned no large blocks are
mot and while Coast advices Indicate
firmer prices for small and large there, the
local spot quotations still range from 2c to
3%c, according to grade.
APRICOT3 —Continue firm and are quoted
at ov for choice; extra choice, 10%®llc,
and fancy at LiiglOv.
PEACHES—Are firmly held, with choice
quoted at !i%o; extra choice, 10%®10%c, -and
fancy at ll%Q>l2c.
New York Metal Mnrket.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12—The London tin mar
ket reported another slight advance, with spot
closing'at £131 lCs and futures at £131 7s 6d.
Locai.y demand was quiet, but prices w. re
weli held, with spot closing at $29 lU®29 25.
Copper also was higher, the English market
bfing quoted at £08 12w 6d for spot and fu
tures at £69. Locally the tone was firm with
Lake held at 15.37%& 15.50 c; electrolytic at
15.12%4i15.37%c and casting at 14.75@15.12%c.
Lead was unchanged at £12 7s 6d in Lon
don and at 4.6tMff4.7<ic in the local market.
Spelter was unchanged at £25 2s lid In Lon
don. The local market continues Arm with
some dealers asking as high as 6.30 c for spot
and 6.25 c to arrive, aithough the general
range of prices is from 6.15 c to 6.25 c.
Iron closed at 54s 9d in Glasgow and 49s fld
in Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was unchanged
with prices still firm and the market Is re
ported In sellers' favor, although at the mo
ment demand is rather quiet as usual after
the holidays and following the activity earlieX 1
in the winter and autumn. No. 1 fou/jjjrfy
northern Is quoted at $17 30; No. 2 do, $Ffs(>.
N). 1 do southern and No. 1 do soft, $17 75
®18.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Jan. 12. —Following lower prices
at Liverpool the wheat market here was rather
weak at the May being off a shade
to %@%c at $1 IG%®l 17%. The weakness of
foreign markets was said to be due to a re
port from Odessa to- the effect that the wheat
crop of Southern Russia is In excellent condi
tion. The heavy fall of enow In the United
States throughout tha West and Southwest
was reported as affording ample protection
for the winter wheat crop of this country.
There has previously been considerable anxiety
as to the possible damage by cold weather.
The bulls, however, found encouragement in
the continued small movement In the North
west. How much of the falling off.ln receipts
was due to the extremely cold weather and how
much to the smalines* of reserves was, of
course, a matter of conjecture. For that time
there appeared to be a preponderance of selling
orders in the pit. In consequence prices eased
off a trifle. The volume of business at no time
assumed any great proportions, scalpers doing
most of the trading. Later the market sud
denly became quite strong on a fairly active
demand from several prominent commission
houses. An assurance from Minneapolis that
the flour mills there would not close was a
possible reason for the revived demand. On
the bulge May sold up to $1 17%. During the
last hour of trading a reaction occurred, the
advance In prices bringing out Increased offer
ings. Toward the cloee the market became
quite weak May declining to $1 16%. Final
quotations were at $1 16%@1 16%.
Early In the session rather a firm under
tone was manifested in the corn market, but
later selling by scalpers caused an easier tone.
May closed %®%c down at 44% c.
The situation In the oats pit was little
changed. May closed at 31 %c.
Provlelons were firm early as a result of
higher prices for hogs at the yards. Later on
profit-taking developed an easier feeling. At
-the close May pork waa off 2%c. ribs were
unchanged and lard wa* a shade lower.
Out of respect to the memory of former
President Charles D. Hammlll, who died last
night, the Board of Trade will close at 12
o'clock to-morrow.
The leading .futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 1 17% 1 17% 1 16% 1 16%
July 99% 99% 90% 99%
Corn No. 2 —
January 41% 41% 41% 41%
May 44% 44% 44% 44%
July 46% 48% 46 45%
Oats No. 2—
January 80% 30% 30% 30%
May 81% 81% 31 31%
July 31% 31% 30% 31%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January ; 12 30
May 12 70 12 77% 12 62% 12 62%
Lard, per 100 lbs*-
January 866 665 660 660
May 6 87% 6 90 6 82% 686
July 700 700 606 005
Short Ribs, per 100 1 bo-
January 6 42% 645 640 840
May 6 67% 6 67 % 666 6 05
July « 82% 686 680 680
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Jan. 12.—Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, firm; No. 2 spring wheat,
$1 12*ri 16; No. 3. $1 02®1 15; No. 2 red,
$1 18%©1 20%; No. 2 corn, 43c; No. 2 yellow,
43c: No. 2 oats. 30% c; No. 2 whits, 81% c; No.
8 white, 41 ©42c; No. 2 rye, 76c; good feeding
barley. 36®37c; fair to choice malting, 41«y47c;
No 1 flaxseed, $1 10; No. 1 Northwestern.
$123; mess pork, per barrel, $12 30@12 35;
lard, per 100 pounds, $6 60; short ribs sides
(loose), $612%©6 37%; short clear sides
(boxed). $6 6043f6 62%; whisky, basis of high
wines, $123; clover, contract grade, $13.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 14,500 18,000
Wheat, bushels 91,000 79,600
Corn, bushels 246,500 294.000
Oats, bnshels 117,000 188,200
Rye, bechela, 2.000 8,900
Barley, bushels 71,600 42,600
Butter. Cheese and Eras.
CHICAGO, Jan. 12.—0n the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm.
Creameries, lt»<s2»c; dairies, 17®24c. Eggs,
(Inn at mark, cases included, 21026 c, firsts
20c, prime firsts 28c, extras 30c. Cheese,
steady, 11012 c.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Omaha.
OMAHA, Neb., Jan. 12. —CATTLE—Re-
ceipts, 2100; market steady. Native steers,
$3 6005 50; cows and heifers, $2 50®4; can
ners'. $1 5002 40; stockers and feeders, $2 50®
4; calves, $2 50©5 50; bulls and stags.
$1 7503 50.
HOGS —Receipts, 8000: shade higher. Heavy,
$4 0004 65: mixed, $4 60#4 62%; light, $4 56®
4 62%; pigs. 83 5004 40; bulk of sales,
$4 6004 62%.
SHEEP —Receipts, 6600; steady. Western
yearlings, 85 25®6; wethers, $4 80®75;
ewes, $4®6; lambs. $6®7 20.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Jan. 12.—CATTLE— Receipts,
13.000; blow. Good to prime steers, 85 60@6 35;
poor'to medium, $3 70®5 40; stockers and feed
ers. $2 25®4 20; cows, $1 25®4 40; heifers,
*2<85; canners , $1 2502 50; bulls, $204 25:
calves. $307 25.
HOGS —Receipts, 38.000; to-morrow, 25,000.
Market s®loc higher. Mixed and. butchers',
f4 6004 so; god to choice heavy, $4 7504 8?%;
rough heavy, *4 s."xff4 65; light, $4 45®4 75;
bulk of sales. $4 55@4 72%.
SHEEP—Receipts. 18,000; sheep and lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers, $505 60; fair
to choice mixed. |3 90®5; Western sheep,
(4 25®5 60, native lambs, $6®7 70; Western
lambs, $5 73*57 50.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Jan. 12.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 3000; steady. Native steers, $3 50®
5 50; native cows and heifers, $1 75®4 50;
stockers and feelers, $2 75#4 25; bulls, $2 26®
4; calves, $306 00; Western fed steers, $3 50®
5; Western fed cows. $1 75®3 50.
HOGS —Receipts, B«Xk>: strong to 5c higher.
Bulk of sales. $4 0504 75; heavy, 4 75®4 80;
packers, $4 60;o4 75; pigs and lights, $3 90®
4 CO.
SHEEP —Receipts, 2000: steady. Muttons,
|4 2904 75; lambs, $6@7 25; range wethers,
$5 60tt6 50: fed ewes. ?4®."i.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May. July.
Opening 71 78 7%
Closing 7 % 7 % 7 %
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan May-Aug.
Opening 23 60 24 55
Closing 23 50 24 65
Flour—
Opening 31 15 32 30
Closing 31 15 32 15
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 12.—WOOL—Steady. Me
dium grades," combing and clothing, 23029 c;
light fine, 18022% c; heavy fine, 19®28c;
washed, 27041 c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Jan.. 12.—Wheat for export:
Walla Walla, 81e; blue stem, 85c. Milling:
Walla Walla, 85c: blue stem, 88®90c; valley,
R7c Eastern market baste: Walla Walla,
85c; blue stem, 90c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA Jan. 12.—Wheat lc higher for
blue stem, at 90c: club, unchanged, 86c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Jan. 12—Clearings, $025,909;
balances, $207,452.
TACOMA. Jan. 12.—Clearings. $533,810;
balances. $71,932. •
PORTLAND, Jan. 12—Clearings, $763,826;
balances, $166,348.
SPOKANE. Jan. 12.—Clearings, $448,642;
balances, $78,243.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days. .$4 85%® —
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 87%® —
Sterling Exchange, cables.. 4 88%® —
New York Exchange, sight 05 ® —
New York Exchange, telegraphic 07,%® —
Sliver, per ounce 5»%® —
Mexican Dollars 49%® —
IXTE RN ATION AL,
New York on Paris 5.15
New York or Mexico 202%
Parts on London 25.14
Berlin on London 20.43
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT —The markets all over the world
were fractionally easier as a with no
features worthy of romment. In tnls market
the cash grain was Steady, while futures were
slightly lower, with a moderate volume of
business. - -» '
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 45®1 62%; California
White Australian, $1 60®1 62%; Northern
Club. $1 50®1 55; Northern Bluestem. $1 60®
1 62%; Northern Red. $1 47% per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 46% $1 46% $1 46% $1 46%
December ... 1 31% 1 31% 1 31% 1 81%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $l" 46 $1 46 $1 45% $1 45%
December ... 131 % 1 31% 1 31% 1 31%
BARLEY—The market was fairly active In
futures, but quiet in the cash grain. The
former were slightly lower, while the latter
was unchanged.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $L-43%®1 17%; Brewing and Shipping.
$1 18%®T 22%; Chevalier, $1 20®1 25 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Op»n. High. Low. Close.
May $1 15% $1 16 SI 15% $1 16
December —No 97% c asked.
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 16% $1 16% $1 15% $1 15%
December—No sales; 97% c asked.
OATS—Receipts during the past few days
having Increased, offerings on 'Change are
larger, but the market is as firm as ever,
while sellers report the usual steady local de
mand.
White, $1 45@1 57%: Surprise, $1 65®1 60;
Red for feed, $1 4301 50 for No. 1 and
$1 lv.fel 42% for No. 2; choice, for seed,
$1 60® 1 55; Black. $1 3501 45 for feed and
$1 .VJjl 65 for seed; Eastern White. $1 42%®
1 45 per ctl.
CORN —The upward tendency seems to have
halted for the moment and prices show ho
further change. Offerings are moderate and
the demand Is fair.
Western sacked. $1 27%®1 30 for new Yel
low and White and $1 22%®1 26 for Mixed;
California large Yellow, $1 30@1 35; small
round do, $1 65® 1 80; White, $1 2501 30;
Egyptian, $1 3501 37% for White and $1 17%
fil 20 for Brown.
RYE—sl 42%®1 47% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—SI sC®l 75 per Ctl.
Flour and Farinaceous Goods.
The local millers have advanced prices on
Farinaceous Goods-all around.
FLOUR—California Family Extras. $4 80®
6 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70®5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4®4 50
per bbl.
FARINACEOUS GOODS—Prices in packages
are ac follows: Graham Flour, $8 60 per 100
lbs; Rye Flour. $3.75 (in barrels $4 75); Rye
Meal. $3 50 (In barrels $4 50); Rice Flour,
$8; Corn Meal $2 50; extra cream do. S3 75:
Oat MeaT, $4 26®4 50; Oat Groats. $4 50;
Hominy, $3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, $4 00®
4 78: Crscked Wheat. $4; Farina, $4 60: Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 75; Rolled Oats, bbls, $6 505*
7 50; in sacks. $6@7; Pearl Barley, boxes. $7;
Split Peas, boxes. $5 60; Green Peas. $5 50 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstnffs.
There Is no further change In Hay or Feed
stuffs, the feeling In all descriptions being
steady.
BRAN—$2O®2l 60 per ton. •
MIDDLINGS—S26®2B per ton.
SHORTS—S2O®2I 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS—RoIIed Barley $24 50®25 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 60®
32 00; jobbing, $33; Cocoanut Cake, $23024;
Cocoanut Meal, $24®25; Corn Meal, $31 50®
32; Cracked Corn. $32032 50; Mixed Feed. $22
®S3 : Horse Beans, $30040 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY—Wheat. $9®14 50; Wheat and Oat,
$9®13 50; Oat, $9012 50; Barley and Oat, $8®
10; Volunteer Wild Oat. $7®10; stable, $9010;
stock, $607 60; Clover, $7@10; Alfalfa, $tt®l2
per ton.
STRAW—BSOOOc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There |c no further change to report In
Beans. They are quiet, but firmly held.
Whites especially. Limas continue weak
owing to the recent rains down south.
BEANS—Bayos, $2 7503; Pea, $3 2603 50;
Butter, $3®3 25; small White,. S3 25®3 40;
large White. $2 50®2 66; Pink. $3 4003 60j
Red. $4 75®5- Lima, $4 0604 15; Red Kidneys,
$4 2504 60; Blackeyes. $2 5002 60 per ctl:
Horse Beans, $1 8602 40.
SEEDS—Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 8%03%c; Flax, $202 75; Canary.
6%c; Alfalfa, 12%015c; Rape, 1%02%c;
Timothy, 6%c; Hemp. 3%©3% c per lb: Mil
let, 2%03%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20021 per
ton.
DRIED PEAS—NUes, $1 7602 60; Green
Peas. $1 7602 50 per ctl.
Potatoes,' Onions and Vegetables.
The Potato market continued firm, with re
ceipts moderate and the demand brisk, both
for focal use and shipping account. Fancy
stock formed but a small percentage of the
day's receipts, the bulk of which came from
the river districts. Onions ruled firm at the
recently advanced prices, and fresh arrivals
of Sweets met with prompt sale at th* pre
viously quoted rates.
Receipts of southern vegetable* were light
owing to the recent storm in tha growing dis
tricts, which checked picking operations, and
1 choice lots of all descriptions were firm at
. good prices, while .off stock waa slow of sale
and cheap. Mexican Tomatoes, ex-steamer,
were offering at $1 2501 50 per crate, but
. found few takers.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, 60®
; 90c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks $1 1601 46 per
I ctl; Oregon Burbanks, $101 25 per ctl;
River Reds 60060 c per ctl; Early Rose. $1®
1 20 per ctl; Sweet Potatoes. 9Ocosl per ctl.
' ONIONS—S2 1502 4D per ctl.
VEGETABLES—Green Peas, 4®7c per lb;
String Beans. 8010 c per lb; Wax Beans. 7®
10c; Tomatoes, 75c®$l 25 per box or crate;
Summer Squash. 76c per box; Hothouse Cv
• cumbers $1 2501 50 per dozen; Cabbage, 500
I 60c per ctl; Carrots. 30040 c per sack; Garlic.
708 c per lb; Egg Plant. 8010 c per lb for
southern; Dried Peppers. 10@12%c for sun
dried and 13014 c per lb for evaporated; Green
Peppers. 608 c per lb; Mushrooms, 10015 c per
lb; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash, $8010 per
ton.
Poultry and Game.
The fourth car of Western Poultry for the
current week was on sale and cleaned up
readily at good prices. Receipts of domestic
stock were a little tn excess of 50 coops and
the market was firm for al! descriptions ex
cept Broilers, which dragged badly at lower
prices. Receipts of dressed Turkeys were 29
cases and. although the demand was light,
price* were well maintained. Game was In
good request, but aside from an advance In
Hare there was no change in prices.
POULTRY—Dressed Turkeys. 26@28c per lb;
Live Turkeys. 21023 c per lb; Geese, per pair,
$2®2 25; Goslings. ; Ducks, $506 per
dozen for old.and $607 for young; Hens, $4 50
©5 50 for small and $6 6006 for large; young
Roosters, $607; old Roosters, $4 5005; Fryers,
$505 50: Broilers, $303 50; Pigeons, $101 25;
Squabs. $202 60.
GAME—Mallard Ducks. $3®3 50 per dozen;
i Canvasback. $304; Teal, $1 50; Sprig. $202 50;
; Widgeon. $1 50; Red Heads, $2 50; small
i Ducks. $101 50; Grays Geese. $3; White Geese,
75e05l 25; Brant, $1 5002 for large and 75c®
$1 for small; Honkers. $305; Snipe, $3 for
i English and $1 50 for common; Hare, $2 50;
i Rabbits, $2 60 for Cottontails and $1 60 for
Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter and Cheese still go along without
any perceptible change, both being In ample
supply and quiet. Butter, in fact, Is reported
very dull.
Loud complaints of stagnation in the Egg
trade are heard. Wholesalers, retailers, gro
cers, hotels and restaurants all express sur
| prise at the remarkably poor demand and say
j they cannot account for It. The market can
■ not be otherwise than weak under this condi
tion and the tendency of prices is still down
, ward, while stocks are steadily accumulating.
Receipts were 32,400 lbs Butter, 532 cases
I Eggs and 14,900 lbs Cheese.
I BUTTER—Creamery at first hands. 22%®
1 28% C for extras and 20022 c for lower to me
dium grades; dairy, 18021 c; cold storage,
nominal.' store Butter. 13015 c; Eastern cubes,
j nominal: Eastern ladle-packed. 15016 c.
i CHEESE—IIc for choice mild new and 10®
! 10% c for old; cold storage. lO01O%c; Young
Americas. 11012 c; Eastern, 13015 c per lb.
EGGS—Ranch. 30®.'!2c for good to choice
and 27%®29c for common; store Eggs, 25028 c:
cold storage. 25027% c; Eastern, nominal.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Previous conditions ruled in the market for
Citrus and Tropical fruits, trade In those lines
still being restricted by the cold weather.
Standard Navel Oranges were closely cleaned
; up and steady, but the choice and fancy grades
i were In free supply and weak. The Apple
market Is In excellent shape, with stocks
■ cleaning up fast at good prices. Persimmons
| have had their run and :he quotations ar*
1 withdrawn.
i APPLES —$1 5001 75 per box for extra
fancy. $101 23 for ordinary fancy and 60000 c
for common to choice; Lady Apples, $1 2502
• per box.
PEARS—Winter Nellis, .$1 5002 per box:
i cooking varieties. 6Ocosl per box.
CITRUS FRUlTS—Oranges. Navels, $1 7502
! per box for fancy. $1 3501 60 for choice and
!$1 1001 35 for standards: Seedlings. 75c®$l,
j Tangerines, 75c®$l: Japanese Mandarins Tact]
I $1; Lemons. $2 25®2 50 for fancy. $1 5002 for
! choice and $101 25 for standards; Grape Fruit,
[$1 50@2; Mexican Limes. $404 50 per case:
I Bananas, $203 per bunch for Central American
! and $102 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $1 0003
per dozen.
Dried Fruits. Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
The market continues dull and of a mid
winter character and prices show no, change.
' Nevada Honey still awaits buyers. •
| FRUITS —Apricots. S©llc for Royals and 11
®12% c for Moorparks; Nectarines, 6%®8%c
for White and 6%®7%c for Red;. Peaches. 7%®
, 9%c per lb: Pears, 7@l2c : Plums, pitted. 4©
5c for black. 6%07c for red and 4%06c
1 for yellow; Figs. 2-crown bricks. 45c: 3-crown.
50c; 4-crown 60c; 6-crown 65c; bulk white,
2%@3c; black. 2%®5%c; Evaporated Apple*,
400 c per lb.
PRUNES—I%©I%c per lb for the four sixes
and 2%c basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS—I9O4 crop f. o. b. Fresno—lmpe
rial clusters, $2 2602 50; Dehesa. $1 3001 35;
; London Layers. Ssc©sl; Loose Muscatels. 4
crown, 5®5%c; 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown. 3@3%c;
Seeded. 4%06c; Thompson's Seedless, 4%®
4%c; Seedless Sultanas, 3©sc per lb.
; NUTS —Walnuts No. 1 softshell. 12013 c. No.
>2. 10011 c; No. 1 hardshell 12c; No. 2, 10c;
Almonds, 16017 c for Nonpareils. 14®14%c for
; I X L 13%014%c for Ne Plus Ultra and 11c
for Languedoc: Peanuts. 6©7 c for Eastern;
Pecans. 11613 c; Cocoanuts. $4 5005; Chest
nuts, 7@9c per lb for Italian.
HONEY—Comb, 11%013c for white and 10®
11c for amber; water white extracted. 5%®
6%c; light amber extracted. 505% c; dark. 3®
4%c.
BEESWAX—27O29c per lb.
Provisions.
\ It is the same old story in this market,
: which is quiet, with ample supplies of every
thing.
CURED MEATS—Bacon, 10% c per lb for
heavy. 10% c for light medium, 13c for light;
; 14c for extra light and 14% c for sugar-cured;
. dry Salt Sides. 10c; Bellies, He; Eastern su
gar-cured Hams 12 to 14 lbs. 12% c; 15 to 16
! lbs. 12c; 17 to 20 lbs, ll%c; California
Hams. H%c; Mess Beef. $10010 50 per bbl;
' extra Mess $10 50011; Family, $12012 50.
prime Mess Pork. $14 60; extra clear, $22;
Mess. $16 50; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet, $5;
Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD —Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure. 9%c; 10
--lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins. 10c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, B%c; three
half barrels. B%c; one tierce, B%c; two tierces.
B%c; fly* tierces, B%c per lb.
Hides. Tallow. Wool and Hops.
Hops continue firm at the recent advance,
with sales In California and Oregon at 30c.
Some Washington holders are holding out for
still higher quotations—say 32%035c —but no
sales over 30c have yet been reported.
Both Salted and dry Hides are higher, as
will be seen, and the market Is very strong.
There Is a good demand for sound stock, but
grubby lots meet with little attention. Tallow
quotations are easier.
HIDES AND SKINS—CuIIs and brands sell
about %01c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 12c; medium lie; light, 10% c; Cow
Hides, 10% c for heavy and 10c for light;
, Stags. 8c; Salted Kip 11c: Salted Veal, U%c;
! Salted Calf. 12% c; dry Hides, 18c; dry Kip.
j 16c; dry Calf. 22c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 26®
1 40c each* short Wool, 50076 c each; medium,
9Ocosl 10; long Wool, $1 15®1 75; Horse
Hides, salt. $3 for large and $2 50 for me
dium. $1 5002 for small and 60c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 260
—1 50 for medium, $1 for small, 60c for Colts.
Buck Skins —Dry Mexican, 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 26c; dry Central American, 80c;
Goat Skins—Prime Angoras, 75c; extra large
do. $1 25; large, 50c; medium. 36c; small 20c
TALLOW—No. 1 rendered, 4®4%0 per lb;
No. 2, 3®3%c : Grease. 2®2%0. '
WOOL, —Nominal; none here.
HOPS —1904 crop, 27®30c per lb; 1905 crop,
( 17%®18c bid.
Meat Market.
There is no change whatever to report under
this head.
DRESSED MEATB.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF—6O7c for Steers and 4%©6 c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL—Large. 6%08e; small, B©o%c per lb.
MUTTON—Wethers, 708 c; Ewes, 6%®7%c
! per lb.
LAMB—9OIOc per lb.
PORK—Dressed Hogs. 6%®8%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered tn San Francisco, less 40®
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
, CATTLE—Steers, 7%07%c; Cows and Heif
ers, 5%®6%c; thin Cows, 405 c per lb.
CALVES—4©4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP—Wethers 3%©3% c; Ewes. 3®3%c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS—S2 5002 75 per head.
HOGS—Live Hogs. 200 to 250 lbs, 4%®4%c;
180 to 200 lbs. 505% c: 80 to 130 lbs. 4%©4% c;
' soft Hogs, not wanted; Sows, 20 per cent off;
Boars. 50 per cent off, and Stags. 40 per cent
. off from above quotations.
General Merchandise. «
1 BAGS—Grain Bags. 5%®5%c spot and 6®
6%0 for June and July; Wool Bags. 30032 c;
Fleece Twine 7%c.
I COAL —Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
-1 lington, $8; Seattle, $6 60; Bryant. $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 80; Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay, $5 50;
; Richmond. $8; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 tn sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg/
I $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 60; Cannel, $9 per ton; Coke, $11 60013 per
I ton In bulk snd $15 In sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions. $8 50 per short ton.
I OlLS—Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 6c; Linseed. 55c per gallon for boiled and
1 53c for raw; Castor Oil, In cases, No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA, cases. $1 1001 12; Lucol. 60c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut, cases. 65®
80c per gallon: Cocoanut Oil, in -barrels. 68c
for Ceylon and 56c for Australian; extra
bleached winter 3perm Oil, 68c; natural win
ter Sperm Oil, 63e; extra bleached winter
'. Whale Oil 57c; natural Whale OJI. 62c; extra
! winter strained Lard Oil, 76c; No. 1 Lard Oil,
66c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot
I Oil «8c; light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring
'- Oil.' 40c; Salmon Oil. see; boiled Fish Oil. 37c;
raw Fish Oil. 86c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw
Paint Oil. 31c.
COAL OlL—Water White Coal Oil, in bulk,
12% c; Pearl Oil. In cases 19c; Astral. l»c;
Star. 19c; Extra Star. 22c; Elaine. 26 %c;
Eocene, 21c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 16c; In cases. 22% c; Motor Gasoline, In
bulk, 16c; in cases, 22% c; No. 1 Eng. Dist.,
iron bbls or drums, 9c: No. 2 do, 7%c; cases,
6%c more; Benzine. In bulk 13c; In cases,
19% c; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 26c; In
cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE—Is higher at 78c per gallon
in cases and 72c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD—Red Lead. 7%©
7%c per lb; White Lead, 7%@7%c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR—The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6 25j:
Powdered, 6.10 c; Candy Granulated. 6.10 c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6c; Fruit Granulated. 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 5.90 c; Confectioners' A. 6c;
Magnolia A, 5.60 c; Extra C, 5.50 c; Golden C.
5.40 c; "D," 5.30 c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 26c more; boxes. 50c more; 60-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets—Half barrels.
6.soc;'boxes. 6.75 c; H. A E. Crystal Domlnos,
9c per lb. No orders taken for less, than sev
enty-five barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. JANUARY 12. '
Flour qr sks.. .10.5r>7!Feed. sks 77
Wheat, ctls 1 400, Chicory, bbls ... 60
Barley, ctls 2.3ti3|Lime. bbls 364
Oats, ctls 334! Pelts, bdls 480
Corn, ctls 4|Hides No 496
Rye. ctls I,24o|Leather rolls ... 136
Tallow, ctls .... 250iBrandy gals 360
Sugar, ctls I.3M*\\'lne, gals 39.600
Potatoes, sks ... 6,22l'Hay tons 8,388
Bran, sks 1,23 V Hops, bales 608
Middlings, sks .. 9601 Wool, bales 2
Shorts, sks 260!
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls 6.210) Wool, bale 1
Oats, ctls LOaOj
STOCK MARKET.
Local Stocks More Interesting, With
the Sugars Higrer.
The sugar stocks were again prominent on
the Stock and Bond Exchange, with the whole
group tending toward still higher prices.
Hutchinson rose to $15 87%. Hawaiian to $76,
Honokaa to $18 50 and Paauhau to $2137%.
Trans-actions In these shares were active.
There was less excitement in Gas and Electric,'
but there were fair sales at $51 75<S>50 50, fall
ing figures. Spring Valley Water was weak
at $38 12%®38. The North Shore Railroad 5 per
cent bends, which defaulted on their Interest
several months ago. again bobbed up into pub
lic notice, selling up to par, an advance over
the last sales some time ago. There were also
sales of Bank of California at $425, an ad
vance, and of Mutual Bank at $100 50. Sales
of bonds amounted to $01,000.
In mining stocks there was a very fair busi
ness In all the boards, but there were no
marked variations from the preceding day.
The oil stocks continued quiet.
The Central Eureka Mining Company paid a
monthly dividend of 7 cents per share, amount
ing to $28,0W, yesterday.
The Pacific Coast Company has declared the
regular quarterly dividends of 1% per cent on
the common, first preferred and second pre
ferred stocks, payable February L
The Pacific Surety Company has declared a
regular quarterly dividend of $1 25 per share,
payable Immediately.
The Rhodes Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 12 cents per share.
The stockholders of the Columbus Savings
and Loan Society have re-elected practically
the old board of directors and officers, an ex
ception being the election of I. W. Hellman
Jr. as president In place of J. F. Fugazl, who
retired.
The Ophlr Mining Company has received
$16,235 from the sale of four more carloads of
ore. This increases the amount of cash In the
treasury of the company to over $52,000. Two
Of the carloads just sold realized $8881, or over
$4400 per carload.
A special meeting of the stockholders of ths
Truckee River General Electric Company has
been called for March 11 to vote upon a propo
sition to Increase the capital stock from Its
present amount of $2,500,000, in 50.000 shares of
the par value of $50 each, to $3,000,000, in
60.000 shares of $50 each.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAT. Jan. 12—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.l Bid. Ask
4s qr coup. .105%106 |4s qr cp new.130%131%
4s qr reg.. .105%106 !3s qr coup.. .104%106
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W ss. — — IO GLA 11 ss. — 110
Asso Oil 6s. 85% 86%10 W gtd ss. — —
Bay CPC 55.102 102%'Oceanlc S ss. — 71
Cai C G 58.105 , — lOrn Cable 65.121% —
Cal GA Eg iPac Glm 4s. — 98
mA ct ss. — 84 ]P E Ry 55.106%105%
Cal-st C 55.H2 — IP A C H 65.103% —
C C Wat ss. — 98%!P AO R 65.113 —
EdL A P 6s. — 126 |Powell-st 6s. — 114%
FA C H 6s. — — ISac EGAR5b.102%1C2%
Oeary-st 55.. — 90 ISF A SJVSs. 120 —
H CAB 5%5.105 — ISlerra R 65.. — —
Do 5s 103%106 IS P of A 6s
Hon R T 65.106% — (1909) — —
L A Elec ss. — — (1910) — —
LAG AEl6s — — IS P of C 6s
L A Ry 55..116% — i (19or,)Sr A.lOl 102%
LAL gtd ss. — 105%! (1908)Sr B. — 103%
LAP Icm 55.101 — I (1006) 104% —
Mkt-st C 65.113 — (1912) 114% —
Do Icm 55.116 116%|SPC 1 eg ss. — —
MY* MtTSs. — 108 Do stampd.loß% —
NRR of C 65.103% — IS P B R 65.136 186
Do 5s 120 — |S V Wat 65.105% —
N P C R 55.104% — I Do 4s 2dm. »9%100%
NC Ry 55.. — — I Do 4s 3dm. — 100
N C P C 5«. — 102%' Do g mte4a 97% —
NS R R Ss.lOO — IStkn GAEHb. 93 —
Oak TCo 6s. — — \V GA E 3s. — —
Do 5s ....111 111%|UR of 8F 4s. 87% —
Do con 58.104 — I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 25 — (Port Costa... — —
Marin C 0.... — 59%'P V Wat Co. 38 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3% — jS F G A E. 60 60%
Mutual EL.— 10 (Stkn GAE. — 8%
Pac L C 0... — 60 IV GA E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 t
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 132U L P A A... .152 —
Anglo-Cal ..88 90 fr**r Tr—t... — 230
Bank of Ca1.424% — Merch Ex.... 80 —
Cal Safe Dp.152 — lis F National — —
First Natlonl — 340 I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L.2330 — jSav A L So. — 100
Hum SAL. — — iSec Say Bk.. — 410
Mutual Say. 99% — I Union T Co. 2700 3300
S F Say U. 610 — 1
STREET RAILROADS.
California .200 207%!Presidlo — 41
Geary — 50 |
POWDER.
Giant 63% — Vigorlt 8 4%
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. T6% 80 iMskawell C. 32% —
Honokaa S C 18% — lOnomea S C. 31% 32%
Hutch S P C 15% 15% 1 Paauhau S C 20% 21
Kllauea SC.— 5 |
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA. 02 93 |Oceanic S Co. 4 8%
Cal F C A. 98% 90%,Pac Aux FA. 4 —
Oil Wine A. — — Pac C 80rx.187 —
MVA MtTm. — 100 I Pac 9 Tel Co. 105 —
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
40 Giant Powder Con 68 80
80 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 76 00
600 Honokaa S Co 18 12%
45 Hutchinson S P Co 15 26
105 Hutchinson S P Co 15 37%
200 Paauhau S P Co 20 87%
100 Paauhau S P Co, b 30 21 12%
60 S F Gas A Electric 51 76
105 S F Gas A Electric 81 50
200 8 F Gas A Electric, s 90 51 00
50 S F Gas A Electric, s 90 60 75
$5,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent....116 62%
$2,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s. \.. .120 00
$20,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 50
Street—
$6,000 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 5s 103 26
Afternoon Session.
Board— /
6 Bank of California 425 00
110 Honokaa S Co 18 37%
600 Honokaa S Co 13 60
275 Hutchinson S P CO 15 37%
100 Paauhau 8 P*Co «... 21 00
100 Paauhau S P Co. b 60 21 37%
75 Paauhau S P Co. b 30 21 00
250 S F Gas A Electric, s 90 60 60
25 Spring Valley Water Co 38 12%
240 Spring Valley Water Co 38 00
$1,000 North Shore 5 per cent 100 00
$1,000 8 P of Arizona (1909) 107 25
$3,000 Spring Valley 4c (2d mtge)..loo 00
$2,000 United R R of 8 F 4 per cent. 87 62%
Street
lS Mutual Savings Bank 100 60
180 Hutchinson 8 P Co 15 37%
00 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 76 00
100 Make welt 32 37%
$2,000 Oakland Transit 5 per cent...lll 62%
$6,000 United R R of S F -4 per cent. 87 62%
$15,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 50
Cnlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.| Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC Ss.lOO — |SF ANP 55.111% —
B L Wat 6s. — 114%1S P£o 4%5.100% —
Cal NW 65.. — 114 Sun Tel 65... 110 —
M C Wat s*. — 114 Do 6s 106% —
SF Drdk ss. 112 — |Buttr-st R65.104 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala 8 C 0... — 26 Nev Nat Bk 201 —
Amer Bis Co — 90 N8 R R Co. — 12%
Cal Cot Mils 80 — N Cal P Co. 9% —
Cal GAECor. 60 — Oak Bk Sav.l2s _
Cal Powder..l3o 146 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 IOOF Hall A 8% —
Cal TIA T — 155 Orpheum Co. — 16%
Cen Bk Oak 66 — PacC Cas Co. 125 —
Chutes Co . - 5 6 IPac Sur C 0..106 —
City ACBk — 120 Paraf Paint.. 44 — .
Cyp L Imp.. — 0% 8 F Drydock — 6B
DptPwd pfd. — 77% BFASJ Coal. 17% 20
Do com .. — SI 18 J Wat Co. 106% —
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — ISO A MTgbt. 125 —
Fischer Thtr — l% ! Bwiss-A 8k.120 —
Frnch-A 8k.105 — iTruck Elect.. 11% 12%
Hono P Co.. 27% 30 'Union 8 Co.. — 30
j Do pool .. — 30 IUR InC pfd. 66% 05%
Don* 8F Bk «3 — | Do com ..17 —
j Mat Nay Co. 70 — f
j California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil stocks— Bid. Asked.
1 Associated Oil Cert 27 2«
i Caribou "... 7 75 10 00
: Central Point Con 10 ....
i Chicago Crude 23 ....
I Furty 50 ....
Four 55 ....
I Qiant 25
; Home 45 47
! Independence 50
i Kern 6 87%
i Kern River 12 00
Monte Cristo 75 85
; Occidental of W Va 07 08
Oi! Cltv Petroleum 00 70
1 Pittsburg 13 ....
I Reed. Crude 2 10 2 28
i Sovereign 30 38
I Superior .*. 03 08
Twenty-eight 11 50 13 00
I Wabash 25 ....
Miscellaneous — '
Associated Oil Co bonds 85 50 ....
Northern Cal Power 9 12% 0 80
SALES.
Mornlns Session.
Board —
100 Twenty-eight Oil 12 00
1000 Forty OH 50
55+0 Associated stock 27
Afternoon Session.
| Board— t
! 125 Caribou 7 71
| 1000 Four Oil 8f
3000 Associated stock 28
1000 Pittsburg IS
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGB.
Following were the Bales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session —Comstocfcs.
100 Andes M 100 Ophlr 0 75
300 Belcher 24! 600 Ophlr 6 02%
300 Caledonia .... 48 2n> Overman 28
400 Challenge ... 23| 200 Potosl 22
700 Chollar 35! I(X> Savage 48
105 Con Cal A V.l 80! 500 Scorpion 25
100 Con Cal & V.l 851 200 Sierra Nev 57
i 200 Gould A Cur. 33! fcfV Union Con 77
| 100 Hale * Norc.l 55 1000 Utah 21
j 500 Mexican 2 10! 300 Yellow Jacket. 29
Afternoon Session—Comstocks.
•00 Alta 0.-,| 200 Ophlr • 63%
i 100 Bullion 25! 100 Savage ... 48
I 600 Chollar 34' 300 Sierra Nev 58
' 400 Con Cal A V.l 75 600 Silver Hill 68
200 Confidence ... 751 100 Silver Hill 6f
j 200 Hale St Norc.l 55 S»K) Union Con 7t
400 Mexican 2 1013000 Utah 24
j 225 Ophir 6 50[
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid Ask.l Btd.Ask.
' Alpha 17 lOlJulia 06 08
1 Alta 06 OUUustice 11 13
, Andes 28 30IKentuck 03 04
i Belcher 24 251 Lady Wash .. 04 06
i Best * Belch.l 25,1 :10 Mexican » 06 2 15
i Bullion 25 26tOeddental ... 87 90
Caledonia .... 47 4?>!Ophlr 650 8 62%
i Challenge ... 23 24' Overman 27 29
. Chollar 33 SBlPetosl 20 22
Confidence ... 74 76! Savage 46 47
Con Cal A V.l 75 1?0 Seorplon 24 2*
! Con Imperial. 01 rsiseg Bel"her... 06 0*
'Con NY 64 «s'Sierra Nev 56 06
'Crown Point.. 19 20JSIlver Hi 11.... 66 eg -
E. Sierra Nev 06 07' St. I,ouls 11 —
•Eureka Con.. — noiSyndicate 11 —
Exchequer ... 65 80!l'n!on Con 75 76
Gould A Cur. 33 34 Utah 22 24
Hale A Norc.l 55 I«0 Yellow Jacket. 29 30
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
500 Black Ants .". 1011000 North Star ... 28
1000 Bullfrog Mtn. 65 40t>0 Orig Bullfrog. 31
500 Dlamondfleld. 29' 1000 Orig Bullfrog. 30
16C0 Dlamondfleld. ."JOIiOOO Pennsylvania 00
5000 Dixie Mm ... 20! 100 Republican ...1 75
1000 Goldfield B Bl o*' 700 Red Top 10
1000 Goldfield Mtn. 7111000 Red Ton 17
500 Goldfield Ton. H>!1800 Sandstorm ... 80
200 Jumbo 7011000 Sandstorm ... 49
500 Jumbo Ex .. 28110f>0 Silver Pick ... 18
i 500 Kendall 25 1000 Sylvania 26
1000 MarNamara . 27! 491 Ton Gold Ml. 13
100 Mont Bullfrog 12' 300 Ton Midway.. 23
i 1400 Mont Ton ...2 101100 Verde 07
Afternoon Session.
3500 Black Butte.. 22 10.000 Jumbo Ex .. 25
t 500 Blue Bull ... 178000 Jumbo Ex .. 26
, 1500 Bullfrog Mln. 65: 500 Kendall 25
j 1000 Bullfrog Mln. 6«i 500 MacNamara .. 27
I 1000 Dixie Mln ... 21! 100 Mont Bullfrog. 13
I 5000 Esperanza ... 02!2200 Mont Ton ...2 10
i 1000 Gold Anchor. 28! 500 North Star ... 23
I 1000 Gold Anchor. 20 1 sf>o North Star 24
' 1000 Goldfield B Bl as'2ooo N V Ton Con. U
1800 Goldfield Mln. 71! 1000 Orig Bullfrog. 31
1500 Goldfield Mm. 7214000 Orig Bullfrog. 30
1000 Goldfield Mm. 73 100 Paymaster ... 04
600 Goldfield Ton. Ml 1500 Red Hon 06
| 1200 Jumbo 7CT4MV) Rescue 06
400 Jumbo 681' WOO Rescue 05
300 Jumbo 69 loco Sandstorm ... 60
I 300 Jumbo 701100 ft Silver Pick ... IS
i 1000 Jumbo Fx ..' 23 500 Ton Gold Mt. •14
2000 Jumbo Ex .. 282100 Ton Midway.. 84
1000 Jumbo Ex .. 24' 600 Ton Midway.. 83
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
; Gold Anchor. 25 —JTon A Cal — 16
Jim Butler .. 40 45! Ton Cash Boy. — 12
i Little Ton .. 35 45' Ton Exten ..8 26 —
1 MacNamara .27 —'Ton Midway.. 33 34
; Mlzpah Ex .. 05 —(Ton N Star,.. 22 24
Mont Ton ...2 05 2 lOlTon Ohio — 26
N V Ton Con 10 13' Ton of Nev..ll 50 —
Rescue 06 071 West End ... 18 19
Tod Belmont.. 71 73!
Goldfield District.
: Adams 11 13 Goldfield Mhk. 14 1.1
Black Ants .. — 00!GIdfld Red L. 06 06
Black Butte.. 22 23 Goldfield SPk — 18
Blue Bull M. 15 17 Goldfield Ton. — 10
i Booth M Co.. 10 —!Ooldfleld Verde 06 07
I Columbia 33 S3 Jumbo 67 70
i Dlamondfleld. 29 30>Jumbo Ex ... 26 28
I Dixie Mm ... 20 21'Kendall 25 26
I Go'dfleld 88l — 25! Pennsylvania »— 60 .
I Goldfield BAB — 12 Red Top 16 17
! Goldfield Dmd — 12 Sandstorm ... 50 —
I Hlbernla 19 211 Vernal Mln ..12 14
j Goldfield Mln. 71 72
Other Districts.
I Bullfrog Mm. 60 65 Ray A O'Brien 04 06
Colehan — 10 Southwestern 60 —
Esperansa ... 01 02! Ton Gold Mt. 18 14
Lucky Tom... 03 05!Sylvania 26 *-
Mont Bullfrog — 13 United Ton .. 68 —
Orig Bullfrog. 31 32!
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE
Following were the sales on the San FrsJl- *'
Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
■ Morning Session. '
200 Cent. Eureka.l 86 3000 Orig Builfrog. 00
1000 Goldfield B Bl 0612500 Orig Bullfrog. 29
t 500 Goldfield Mln. 70'lOOft p a Goldfield.. 00
2000 Gldfld Red L 0619500 Red Top 17
1000 Jumbo Ex .. 22: 100 Sandstorm ... SO
i 6000 Orig Bullfrog. 32 450 Ton Belmont.. 73
! 2000 Orig Bullfrog. SS! 100 Ton Midway.. 34
j 1600 Orig Bullfrog. 34 1600 Ton N Star... 23
Afternoon Session.
! 1000 Adams 1011000 MacNamara .. 3T
1000 Black Ants .. 00' 10ft Mont Ton .. .2 10 .
' 500 Black Ants .. 08 2500 Orig Bullfrog. 33 '
: 600 Bunker Hill. .1 60, 900 Orig Bullfrog. 34
■1000 Dlamondfleld. 301500 Red Top 17
i 1000 Goldfield 1 B Bl 0C|1360 Ton Belmont.. 78
600 Goldfield Mln. 70! 400 Ton Belmont.. 73
2000 Gldfld Red L 06!4000 Ton N Star... 28
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask.' Bid. Ask.
Adams 10 —N V T Con X 10 —
Blue Bull M. — SOlOrlg Bullfrog. 33 SO
Bullfrog Mln. 66 • — (Paymaster ... 08 04 -
Columbia — 85! Pa Goldfield.. — 10
Dlamondfleld. — 30' Pine Grovs ..10 -— .
Esperanza ... 01 021 Ray Exten .. — 15
; Free Gold M. 14 13'Rav A O'Brien — 06 .
' Gold Anchor. 26 35' Red Top 17 19
Goldfeld 88l — 06' Rescue 06 07 ■ •
Goldfield Mln. 69 71|Rothwe!l G M — 50
Gldfld Red L 06 —'Sandstorm ... 50 —11
Goldfield BPk — 18 Ton Belmont.. 72 73
Gold Mt Con. — OBITon Exten ..3 30 — *
Hazel Kirk .. — 12! Ton Gold Mt. 13 15
Jumbo 60 — Ton Midway.. 33 34 »
Jumbo Ex .. 24 —Ton Nev...11 37% —
Kendall 24 26' Ton N Star... — 24 (
Lucky Tom... 06 —'Vernal Mln ..14 —
MacNamara .26 281 West End ... 16 —
i Mont Tn.2 07% 2 I*%!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mmMHMMNA
[STOCK USTED&
, JANFRA/tUSCO STOCK]
\ EXCHANGE BOARD C
yrhe Big Board " d.
\jTOCKJtn the abm dhtrichr\
\REGULAR CALL »*9*»*/KM.\
4»s|
New York Phone Sao Francisco Phone
Call Broad 4200 -Call Main 3070
E. F. BUTTON & CO
Bankers and Brokers,
490 California St. San Prarc'sco
MEMBERS—New York Stock Exchange
New York Cotton Exchange
New York Coffee Exchange
Chicago Board of Trad*
Richard a Mulcahy. Mgr. 83-86 New Bt-.
San Francisco New York
1516
DOWNS $,4 ~ sls
IIJ $JgOp $1700
jr MENS
lIU SUITS
Irgains s 1 1—
If you know anything about the value of
clothing you won't have to look twice at
the suits to realize what a phenomenal
price-saving chance this is. Every garment
represents the Brown standard—firm fabric
faultless fit—fine fiinish—in the latest
styles. Come at once; get first choice.
These are real dollar-saving days at Brown's.
BO OWN BROS rmll
JK-VFTT r & co. [man
SSSI6-518MAWiETST.Mo1nloMEBv
FOURTH-STREET PAVING
WILL BE RECOMMENDED
Works Board Favors Improvement
and Also Receives Report That
Sweepers Be Purchased.
Commissioner Aigeltinger of the
Public Works Board yesterday or
dered a resolution prepared recom
mending to the Board of Supervisors
the paving of Fourth street, between
Market and Berry, with a pavement
similar to that on Third street. The
sewering of the street from Howard
to Berry will also be recommended,
so the entire improvement may be
carried out.
At to-morrow's meeting of the
board bide for the repairing of the
pavement in front of the Phelan
building on Market street will be or
dered advertised for.
The Works Board began the filling
of chuckholes on Market street yes
terday with red rock. Aigeltinger will
have the force fill in the holes on
Battery and California and other
streets, as he intends to make a per
sonal effort to have the -streets im
proved. The red rock may be treated
with oil in some localities to prevent
the dust rising.
The inspector of street sweeping
yesterday recommended that six two
horse street sweeping machines be
purchased at a cost of $2000. It is
expected that the Supervisors will
consent to the purchase of the ma
chines, as they regard their rental at
AJJVEKTWEMEJjfTS. j
to Buy a Pair of Shoes?
I 1 A^|; ou w f rc o«ered a pair of $5.00 shoes for $3.50, would you not rather ■
■ have a NEW pair that embodied the latest style than a pair of "back numbers" B
■ of which the storekeeper wanted to be rid at any sacrifice? ■
H The Sorosis shoe is really worth $s<f)o. But through its tremendous volume I
B of sales all oyer the world the Sorosis factory is enabled to sell at a smaller profit B
■ than any other factory. ■
The Sorosis shoe for $3.50 is as good a shoe as can be made. The world's
Eg best designers arc employed; the finest leather is used; the workmanship through- B
■ °1< • v^ >ghest cUss. We carry such a range of sizes that any one can I
■ be fitted (sizes 1 to 9 widths AAA to EE), and the scientific hygienic conformance fl
■ of Sorosis shoes to the lines of the foot have been developed by the leadine sureical B
MM authorities. B
B u.t. H i $ i 5,00 . for * 3 5 0 newest style of Sorosis, not shoes B
MM that have lost their style or acquired imperfections and have been reduced in price. B
I Healm^?atiier SOmC ***** *° eluding Sorosis fl
I SHOE PARLORjUt(MLSHOE STORE I
j 216 POST THIRD STREET |
$12 a day as excessive and have cut
down Gray Bros.' bills on that ac
count. The inspector reports that the
machines are absolutely necessary, es
pecially south of Market street.
What Did Ellis Say?
Town Talk answers. the question in
this week's issue. That newsy weekly
tells what the testimony of the police
sergeant was and sheds a great deal of
light on Chinatown graft. That is only
one of the many interesting stories In
the columns of that sprightly journal of
the cultured. The Saunterer's version of
the Senatorial caucus la interesting. He
tells of the doings of a society matron
that were overlooked by the bavardes.
He explains why Paderewski did not re
turn, points out the absurdity of sad
dling the boarding-house with responsi
bility for the divorce evil, tells of a sen
sational incident of an aniseed chaae at
Bllngum and comments on the pursuit
of the Oakland man by the female of his
species. The dramatic and book reviews
of Town Talk are in a breezy, vivacious
vein that appeals to the general reader
and the contributions of its essayists
impart to the journal a literary flavor
unsurpassed by any American magazine
IS ARRESTED FOR CRUELTY.—Officer
linger of the Humane Society arrested Alex
Maillard yesterday for driving two crippled
horses. The animals were taken to a stable
and the driver to the Hall of Justice, where
he was released on $10 bail.
Burnett's] Vanilla Extract used
and highly indorsed by all leading hotels. *
TO HONOR JACKSON'S BIRTHDAY.—ThU
Iroquois Club will celebrate Jackson's birth
day to-night at their wigwam, 121 Eddy street.
Rev. J. C. Simmons, D.D., will deliver an
address, "The Negro Before the War," and
the Iroquois Quartet will render plantation,
sonss.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1905.
REFUSES TO ISSUE
A MARRIAGE LICENSE
"Cupid" Danforth Declines to Comply
With Application of a Japanese
and a Swedish Woman.
Komaro Umejl, a Japanese, and El
len From, a Swedish woman, ap
peared at the marriage license office
yesterday and requested "Cupid" Dan
forth to make out a license for them
to wed. Danforth informed them that
he could not under the law issue a
marriage license for a Mongolian and
a white person to marry. The wom
an became quite indignant, saying
"There are lots of Japanese and Chi
nese married to white women."
"I cannot help that," said Danforth.
"They must have gone somewhere
else to get married."
At this point the couple withdrew
and began a subdued but earnest con
versation as they left the room.
Handy Andy,
The Man of Good Intentions. He
proves a warm salesman in the Frozen
North. In next Sunday's Comic Sec
tion.
WANTS TAXES BACK.—George E. Bates
petitioned the Supervisors yesterday to return
the sum of $K)1 31 paid by him under protest
as taxes on an arbitrary assessment of $75,000
made by Assessor Dodge. Bates avers that
he did own personal property consisting in
large part of indebtedness against Idncoln
County, Nevada, but the property was held by
the estate of Samuel Davis as security for the
payment of promissory notes for $35,400.
STEALS MARCH
ON MOSE GUNST
Alfred Lilienfeld Leases
Property at Kearny and
Sutter by Paying More
FALLING OUT RESULTS
Cigar Man Sorely Offended
by Losing Place Which
He Controlled So Long
Mose Gunst Is a sore man, and the
object of his wrath is Alfred Lilien
feld. The latter got the lease of the
building at Kearny and Sutter streets
a few days ago, beating Gunst out in
the race for the possession of the prop
erty. The two men had been friends
up to that time, but now they are at
outs.
Gunst had a lease on the property for
the last twenty-five years, and thought
he could readily get it again for a rea
sonable length of time, forgetting to
figure on any one else stepping in and
taking it away from him at the last
moment.
But Lilienfeld went quietly to work
and framed up a deal whereby he got
the coveted place from Gunst. The
latter had been paying $SOO a month
for the property, but when Lilienfeld
offered the owners $1500 they agreed to
let him have it and passed Gunst up.
The deal was put through on the first
of the year. A few days ago Gunst
was informed that the property had
been leased to Lilienfeld. Upon in
quiry Gunst discovered that Lilienfeld
had raised him, and the rest was easy.
Gunst said he expected to get the prop
erty for $1100 or $1200 a month, but
when Lilienfeld offered $1500 Frank
Burke, one of the owners, jumped at
the chance.
Gunst's lease will expire on April 1.
Lilienfeld intends to remodel the lower
lioor, so the tenants will be forced to
vacate. Gunst says he thought he
would have no trouble in renewing the
lease, and blames Lilienfeld for "but
ting in" and taking it away over his
head.
Lilienfeld says the transaction was
perfectly just and that he has noth
ing to regret. He wanted the prop
erty and he got It by offering a good
sized increase in the rental Gunst waa
paying.
GEBER GIVES TESTIMONY
AT TRIAL FOR MURDER
Says He Fired the Shots to Scare the
Hartmanns and Did Not Mean
to Kill Them.
The evidence at the trial of August
Geber, charged with the murder of
Charles Hartmann at 321 Third
street on Sunday morning, July 10,
was concluded before a jury in Judge
Dunne's court yesterday afternoon and
the arguments to the jury will begin
this morning.
After three witnesses had testified to
the defendant's erratic conduct, Geber
was called to the stand. He detailed
the life he had led since the left his
home in Bavaria. He had served in
the German, British and American
armies and had deserted from the
Marine Corps. He skipped two years
of his life and on cross-examination
had to admit that he had spent them
in San Quentin for burglary in Napa
County.
Regarding the shooting of Charles
and George Hartmann he said he had
not intended to kill either of them, but
had fired the shots through the door
to scare them. After Hartmann Sr.
had threatened him he went upstairs
to get his clothes, but he said nothing
of his getting a revolver instead. It is
the belief of the prosecution that
Geber's testimony and the way he gave
it will disprove the claim of mental ir
responsibility made for him.
TILLMANN WILL NOT BE
PLACED ON HEALTH BOARD
Mayor Makes Definite Announcement
That Some Other Physician
Will Be Selected.
Dr. Frank J. Tlllmann, who has
been prominently mentioned as the
successor of Dr. Joseph Pohelm on
the Board of Health, will not be ap
pointed to the post. This fact was>
definitely announced yesterday by
Mayor Schmitz, who said that several
other physicians, whose names he did
not desire to make public at this time,
were being considered for the place.
The selection of the man haa been left
practically to Dr. Ward, president of
the board.
The Mayor said he would announce
this appointment and that to the va
cancy on the Park Commission prob
ably by next Monday. No intimation
was given as to the probable appointee
on the Park Commission, but an act
ive canvass is now being made by the
friends of William H. Metson. who
was once a member of the board and
was the only one not reappointed by
Phelan when the charter first went
into effect. As it looks now Metson
seems to be reasonably sure of being
appointed.
Mechanics' Bank Prospers.
The report of President James 08.
j Gunn of the Mechanics' Savings Bank
' for the corporation's first year shows an
exceedingly healthy growth. Over half
' a million has been loaned on San Fran
; Cisco real estate. The increase in de
\ posits during six months past has been
i over 60 per cent.
The following are the officers and di-
I rectors for the new year: James 08.
I Gunn, president; George D. Gray and
George F. Lyon, vice presidents; W. F.
Williamson, attorney; Frederick H.
1 Clark, cashier; directors —F. W. Dohr
: mann Jr., George D. Gray, James 08.
j Gunn, F. M. Greenwood. Marshall Hale,
!G. W. Kline, George F. Lyon, Charles C.
I Moore, George M. Mitchell, Henry T.
Scott, W. F. Williamson. •
Russell's Bail Fixed.
John and Kate Russell were taken
yesterday before United States Com
missioner Heacock by Secret Service
Agent Thomas B. Foster and formally
notified of the charge against them—
that they were found In possession of
a plaster mold for the coinage of five
dollar gold pieces. John Russell's bail
was fixed at $2500 and that of Mrs.
Russell at $1000. The preliminary
hearing was set m. to-day.
TEAMSTER DIES. —Candido Martlnello. a
teamster, residing at 1006 Union street, died
at the Pacific Hospital yesterday of Injuries
received by being struck by a car at the cross
ing of Seventh and Mission streets.
BROKERS MAKE
LOUD PROTEST
New Custom-House Will Be
Insufficient for the Big
Business of This Seaport
OFFICES AEE CEAMPED
Patrons Say There Will Be
Less Boom in New Build
ing Than There Is in Old
Customs Broker John H. Boden ha»
fathered a protest that has been sent
to United States Senator Perkins con
cerning plans for the proposed new
Custom-house building. Other prom
inent brokers, such as P. W. Bellingall
and C. D. Bunker, hava expressed
themselves as concurring in the com
plaints.
The brokers feel that they are not
only speaking for themselves, but for
the business public.
Deputy Collector N. S. Farley has
been engaged for weeks in changing
iloor plans. He has made a report to
Collector Stratton.
CRAMPED FOR ROOM.
The main business room of the new
Custom-house is elliptical, about 38
feet wide and 10S feet long. The pres
ent business room is rectangular, about
55 feet wide and 125 feet long, and the
offices are cramped now. The new
room has far less space except in the
public lobby. The counter in the old
building is about 15 feet from the
walls. Tt does not afford space for
desks and file cases. In the new build
ing this counter is only 8 feet from
the wall, necessitating such extreme
ly cramped places to work in that busi
ness cannot be transacted with any
kind of order or dispatch.
The corridors in the new building are
about 9 feet wide, yet the stairs seem
to be 10 feet wide, and there are three
elevators and only five floors.
The Merchants' Exchange, just com
pleted and now being occupied, has
fourteen floors and six elevators, with
stairs 3*4 feet wide, the corridors being
about 8 feet wide.
Evidently architects do not agree as
to the proper relation between the
widths of corridors and stairs.
The protest is against the proposed
arrangement of offices, and particularly
against placing the Surveyor of Cus
toms and his business office on a floor
separate from the main business part;
also against placing the Sub-Treasury
on the same floor with the main cus
toms office, and against lessening the
width of the alley between the present
Custom-house and Appraiser's build
ing.
ALLEY TOO NARROW.
The present distance . between the
Custom-house and the Appraiser's
building is about forty-one feet. Eight
feet of this space is taken. up by an
absolutely necessary platform alongside
the Appraiser's building for the unload
ing and delivery of merchandise or
dered to the Appraiser's store for ex
amination. This leaves a clean space
of less than thirty-five feet for the hand
ling of trucks and wagons. Several
times the Appraiser's store has become
so overcrowded that temporary Ap
praiser's stores were required and es
tablished by renting warehouses. The
commerce of this port has been increas
ing for five or six years and now over
taxes the present accommodations of
the Appraiser's store and the Custom
house, yet it is proposed to lessen the
width of the alley. This will be a dis
advantage to the importing business.
Brokers and the United States dray
man ask that this alley be made forty
five feet wide, and say that fifty feet
would be none too wide. The brokers
say the building is large enough to
have all the business offices on one
floor, conveniently arranged, so that
business can be transacted with the
minimum amount of running around
from one office to another.
INCONVENIENT OFFICES.
In the present plans the cashier's of
fice, where the duties are paid, is situ
ated on a corridor (probably poorly
lighted) with a big window in the rear.
In order to pay duty importers and
brokers must walk from a deputy col
lector to the cashier, about eighty feet,
thence to the naval office cashier, about
fifty feet farther, then to a deputy
naval officer, about thirty feet farther,
and then retrace their steps to a dep
uty collector, a total distance of 300 or
more feet. The brokers say these of
doe* could be so arranged as to permit
the same transaction to be completed
by walking sixty or eighty feet. As
there are hundreds of such transactions
every day the reduction of the distance
to be covered by each transaction is a
material item with both brokers and
Importers, but the present arrangement
Will compel brokers to employ addi-;
tlonal clerks and messengers, and they
say the Government will be obliged to •
employ several additional messengers
also.
The Surveyor's business office being!
placed on another floor from the main
customs office will necessitate a dis
tance being covered by brokers of ap
proximately 200 feet to the deputy sur
veyor and back again, and this distance
Is exclusive of the stairs or elevator.
SUB-TREASURY LOCATION.
The Sub-Treasury is placed on the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BABY'S TERRIBLE SORE
Body Raw With Hamor. Closed Untold
Agony. Doctor Did No 600 ft,
Mother Discouraged.
CUTICURA CURED AT ONCE
" My child was a very delicate baby.
A terrible sore and humor broke out
on his body, looking like raw flesh,
and causing the child untold agony.
My physician prescribed various rem
edies t none of which helped at all.
I became discouraged and took the
matter into my own hands, and tried
Cuticura Soap and Cuticura Ointment
with almost immediate aucceas. Be
fore the second week had passed the
soreness was gone, not leaving a trace
of anything. Mrs. JeannetteH. Block,
281 Rosedale St., Rochester, N. Y."
Kearny and Stttter Streets.
Store Opens 8:30 A. M„ Closes 5:30 P. W.
Ladies' High Class Waists
At Prices Greatly Below Their Value
The great clearance sale of Winter Waists continues —We
do not hesitate to say that it surpasses any and all other Waist
Sales. Hundreds of this season's best and cleverest styles,
made of Flannel, Alpaca, Nuns' Veiling, Velvet, Albatros, etc.,
are now being offered at the following remarkable reductions:
Waists, in desirable colors, finely tailored and finished, actual a,
value $2 00 and $2.50, now $1 <wU
Waists, in latest up-to-date styles, in fashionable colors, actual a.
value $3.00 and $3-75. now
Choice Drapery Silks
At 50c a Yard
Not a few patterns, but dozens of patterns are fn th!s offer
ing, in the handsomest of floral and Oriental designs—on light,
medium and dark grounds. This charming material is used in
many ways for home decorating — for making cozy mantel
drapes, piano covers, cushion tops, chair coverings, etc.—
they all come 32 inches wide, and will be on sale Friday
at the one price, per yard :. 50c
Sale of Playing Cards
FOR FRIDAY ONLY—We place on sale a large specia!
purchase of Playing Cards. They are exceptionally good
quality Cards, nicely finished, in a great variety of different
style backs. If bought regularly could not be sold for less
than 15c per pack — Sale price while quantity lasts 1 lC
New Embroideries for Spring
Now on display a splendid assortment of Edgings, Insertfngs,
Galloons, Bands, Corset Covers, Flouncings, detachable Gal
loons, Medallions, and All Overs, embroidered on Nainsook,
Mull, Cambric and Swiss. Also a large variety of new English
Openwork Embroidery. They come in every desirable width,
and are mostly to be had in matched sets—prices throughout
are moderate.
Special—COßSET COVER EMBROIDERY, dainty designs, In A -
Nainsook, Swiss and Cambric, 18 inches wide, per yard ........ 45C
New Wash Goods- Spring '05
In our exhibit of New Spring Wash Fabrics the following
are worthy of special mention:
Fancy Batiste Lawns, 29 inches wide—a fine, sheer material, ma t — ,
choice variety of new Dresden and dot designs, special per yd. 12
Figured Etamines, 27 inches wide, in new checks, stripes and two- 1 -
toned flake effects, printed in the newest colorings, special per yd. 15C
Men's Bath Robes Reduced
We have made decisive reductions on a number of Men's
Bath Robes — among them a variety of excellent styles in
Eiderdown and Jacquard Blanket effects, in such desirable
colors as gray, red, blue and tan. Original prices were
$3.75, $4.00 and $4.50 —on sale now at $3.00
second floor —same floor as the main
customs office—on the Washington
street end.
The points made by the Federal of
ficers complaining are thus summarized
by one of the officers:
To reach the Sub-Treasury one must walk
from Washington street to the center of the
building, about 135 feet, thence retrace hie
steps to' near the Washington-street end, and
turn into another corridor, a further distance
of 140 or 150 feet, making It approxi
mately 275 feet from the Washington-street
entrance to the paying window of the Sub-
Treasury. From the Battery-street entrance
the distance is less but probably 200 feet.
On days on which pensions are paid and on
general pay days of the numerous Federal em
ployes (and especially when these payments
are" all made on the same day, as sometimes
happens) It is a usual thing to see the wait
ins Hne extending from tne present Sub-
Tureasury down Commerlcal street and
around into Montgomery, a line probably 150
or 2(K) feet long. Place this same line In the
proposed new Custom-house and the corridors
wll! be so overcrowded and Jammed that, the
brokers say. people who wish to transact
business with the Custom-house would be
better to postpone it until some other day.
Patrons say that they cannot understand what
business the Sub-Treasury has in the new
building, and particularly on the same floor
as the Custom-house. They say that lr
the Sub-Treasury Is to be quartered in tne
new building it ought to be placed on the
ground floor, with a separate entrance direct
from the street.
OTHER DEFECTS.
The Internal revenue department Is assigned
to the third or fourth floor on the Jackson
street end. This does not concern the brokers
so much, although most of them have dally
business wit'i that office. They think, how
ever that it could better be located on the
ground floor, within easier access, both for
themselves and the thousand and one liquor
and cigar dealers who go there to pay their
The most desirable portion of the new build
ing (that Is, the ground floor cm the Wash
ington-street end is taken up for the Immense
storage vaults of the Sub-Treasury and stor
age-rooms for Janitors' supplies.
The brokers cannot understand why these
vaults and storerooms cannot be put In a ba fV"
ment and the Sub-Treasury located here, with
a direct entrance from Washington street.
In the new building are also assigned the
offices of harbor fortifications, coast and
geodetic survey, engineer of rivers and har
bors, Chinese bureau, hydrogreehlc office,
lighthouse establishment, life-saving offices
and other offices not even remotely connected
with the 'customs service, which Indicates that
the new building is misnamed—that it is not
custom-house, but simply a common Govern
ment office bulldlnit.
Knights of Columbus.
The following; have been installed
officers of California Council No. 880,
Knights of Columbus, by Stale Dep
uty George Connolly: Grand knight,
Phil J. Fay; deputy grand knigh,t,
James M. Henley; financial, secretary.
Ed Mahoney; recording secretary, Da
vid F. Supple; treasurer, Reginald
Norris; chancellor, J. T. Savage; ad
vocate. W. P. Humphreys; lecturer, J.
B. Dockweiler; warden, Sid P. Rob
ertson; trustees, Frank P. Quinn,
Thomas F. Boyle, James Gilmartin;
organist, A. L. Artigues; chaplain,
Rev. Father McQuaide; inside guard,
George W. Duffield Jr.; outside guard,
Charles H. Murphy.
The institution of a council at Wat
sonville Sunday, January 15. will be
under the auspices of California
Council. A large attendance is ex
pected from local councils.
MRS. GRAEB GETS HER CHILDREN —
The five children of Dr. and Mr*. Carl Graeb
who were brought here last October by their
father, when he eloped with Mrs. Francisco
Boda, arc now in' the custody of their mother
On Wednesday night Policeman Young went
with Mrs. Graeb to the house, 1879 Ellis
etreet. which was occupied by her husband
and Mrs. Boda, to recover possession of her
personal property on the search warrant Issued
by Police Judge- Cabanlss. Mrs. Boda was
there with the children. The mother at once
took charge of them. She will take them baok
to New York. The case against Dr. Graeb
was called in Judge Cabanlss' court yesterday
and continued until Tuesday.
MANSLAUGHTER VERDICT. —A Oroner's
Jury yesterday brought In a verdict of fnvol
untary manslaughter in the Inquest oa the
body of David Perclval. a cook, who was
killed by a fall while scuffling with John P.
Root.
Commercial Calendars—Closing out cheap.
Gabriel Printing Co.. 410 Sacramento st..S.F *
AD VERTISEMENTS.
Best EGGS dozen 35c
Strictly fresh, large white; from healthy hens.
W. H. MIXER'S COCOA, CAN 10c.
40c Butter 3 squaree 81.00
Best Humboldt Creameries.
GOOD RANCH EGOS. DOS.. 30a.
Buckwheat Flour, Self-SUslng aoo
Del Monte Brand, for light digestible Hot
Cakes. Usually 25c.
BAKING SODA. 10c PKGS., Be.
Pure Maple Syrup full qt. can 290
Genulns Maple Byrup. Usually 40c.
BEST 12Ko STRING BEANS, CAN »c
Pancy Dried Peaches pound 100
Large, Bright. Clean Fruit, for Sauce and Pies.
BEST DRIED 180 APRICOTS, LB. 10c.
60c Teaa, Any Flavor pound 38c
New Teas—The Kind Tou Like—6 lbs., $1.78.
ALL CREAMS. 8 CANS 28a
Comb Honey full pound frame 10c
Rich Sage Hooey. Usually 150.
cOo BOT. TONIC OLIVE OIL, 60c.
Six-Year-Old Sweet Wines. .. gallon 880
Port, Sherry, Angelica—Sample at Store—
Usually $1.28.
85c BOT. MILLER WHISKY, 800.
Jeeee Moor* AA Whiskey 750
Cut Prices on All Liquors.
ZINFANDEL, 68c GAL. AT 46c.
iMFUEoreSt 119 Taylor St
Park 183 Phone Howard 1081
fSeed Talk
Complete and reliable informa
tion and advice on seeds, planting,
etc., in our new. amply and beauti
fully illustrated annual catalogue,
1905.
Mailed free on request.
1 ALL SEEDS FOR FARM AND
1 GARDEN.
I Fruit Trees and Ornamental Plants
I COX SEED CO.
1 411, 413, 415 Sansome Street.
1 SAN rRANCISCO.
——s— —— nmJ
JOE POHEIM,
THE TAILOR..
Finest Perfect-Fitting Clothes at
Lowest Prices.
801 Montgomery St., Oor. Bush.
1110 and 1118 Market 8. 9.