VOLUME XCVTI—NO. 57.
REVOLUTIONISTS MAKING NO HEADWAY
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 26.—1n spite of the spread of the strike movement the authorities appear to
have the situation well in hand. The various revolutionary elements lack capable leadership, and it is believed
the worst of the crisis has parsed. Disturbances are occurring in Finland, but they are local in character. Only
one slight collision took place in Moscow yesterday.
OFFICIAL PROCLAMATION PLEDGES REFORMS IN FAVOR OF RUSSIAN WORKINGMEN
TREPOFF TRIES
TO BRING CALM
OUT OF CHAOS
FIRST ACT IS PACIFIC
Laborers Told Their Appeals
Will Be Heard When
Quiet Is Restored.
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 26 (2:15 a. m.)— Governor General Trepoff and
Minister of Finance KOkovseff Issued a proclamation last night which re
veals the Government's plan for breaking the strike, not only here, but
throughout Russia. The proclamation is conceived in a paternal tone and
points out that honest workmen, who want to better their condition, should
have brought their demands to the Government instead of being misled by
agitators into affiliating with a movement which is not confined to eco
nomic aspirations. It Invites them to return to work, promising
them, in the Emperor's name, a revision of the general law so as to restrict
the hours of labor, the institution of a plan for state insurance and other
wise to meet their demands so far as the law will permit, and guarantee
. them protection against interference by agitators. This document will be
followed either by an Imperial manifesto, along the same lines. In the hope
of preventing the spread of the strike, or by specific proclamations by the
local authorities, wherever strikes are in progress. By promising to yield
the question of the hours of labor, which are now legally eleven in Russia,
the authorities believe they will meet the main grlveance of the workmen.
This, together with the guarantee of protection, the authorities hope, will
induce those strikers who are Indifferent to political demands, and which
class they declare constitutes a great bulk of the men, to resume work.
Sir Charles Hardlnge, the British Minister, received from Captain Grove,
the British Consul at Moscow, confirmation of the press dispatch from
Moscow announcing public posting of a London telegram imputing the
disorders to British and Japanese Influences and he will ask for explana
tions from Foreign Minister Lamsdorff to-day. It is not expected, however,
that the affair will lead to a serious diplomatic incident, and it is believed
the Russian Government will disavow responsibility for the course of Act
ing Chief of Police Roudneff. The dispatch to Embassador Hardinge makes
no mention of Roudneff's offer to meet Captain Grove in a duel.
TEXT OF TREFOFF'S P/70CL4 MA TIO/V.
The full text of the proclamation issued by Governor General Trepoff
• and Minister of Finance Kokovzeff, which will be posted in the street to
day, follows:
"Workmen should assist the Government In its tranquillizing task in be
half of the betterment of their condition. This they can accomplish only by
holding themselves aloof from fomenters of disturbance, who are alien to the
workmen's true interest and to the country's welfare. Let them return to
their ordinary labor, which Is as needful for the country as for themselves,
for without it they, their wives and children must suffer distress; and, re
• turning to work, let the people be assured that their needs are as
Emperor's heart as those of all his Majesty's true subjects; that only recent
ly of his own free will the Emperor commanded that the question of work
ingmen's insurance be taken up, with the object of securing them against
disablement or sickness; that this measure does not exhaust his Majesty's
anxiety for the well being of the working classes, for at the same time the
Emperor sent an order instructing the Ministry of Finance to draft a law
shortening the hours of labor and for the elaboration of such measures as
will legalize workmen's discussions of their needs."
The proclamation concludes as follows:
"Let it be known to all workmen who return to their labors that they
may count upon the protection of the Government and freedom from harm
for themselves, their families, hearths and homes. The Government will pro
tect them from any criminal attack on the freedom of their labor by evil
disposed persons, who, loudly preaching liberty, understand it only as the
right to use forcible means to prevent their comrades from returning to their
peaceful employment." «
The proclamation, which, it is announced, was issued by the Emperor's
order, in its preamble recounts the origin of the recent events and declares
that evil disposed persons used the workmen as their tools, leading them
astray by false and impossible promises. It says:
"The result of this criminal agitation has been breaches of the peace, in
volving the inevitable intervention of armed forces. These evil wishers have
not been restrained even by the difficulties in which the fatherland is in
volved in a time of trying war, while the workmen, their blind tools, have
disregarded the fact that demands were being made in their name which
had nothing in common with their needs, besides forgetting that the Govern
ment always has shown Itself considerate of their needs and is now ready
to listen attentively to their Just desires and satisfy them wherever possible.
To this end the Government requires, above all. the restoration of order and
the return of workmen to work, because in times of disturbance the Gov
ernment's well-intentioned efforts for satisfaction of the workmen's demands,
however Just, is out of the question."
COSSACKS DISPERSE MOSCOW MOB.
MOSCOW, Jan. 25.—A squadron of Cossacks this evening dispersed about
3000 workmen who were growing obstreperous across the Moskva. No fatali
ties are reported. This was the only event of the kind during the day. Re
ports that a mob was plundering and wrecking shops In the Trevskala are
untrue.
The merchants have sent an appeal to the Emperor to avoid bloodshed.
There is complete tranquillity within the boundaries of this city, but the
people are keeping Indoors, owing to the official warning. The strike is
spreading gradually, but thus far is confined to the smaller mills. The
larger industrial concerns are being guarded in order to prevent the men
employed there being Intimidated, but it is the belief that the strike will
become general.
There are no troops in sight in the city proper. Probably there will be
no newspapers to-morrow. The citizens are alarmed at the prospect of an
Irruption of hundreds of thousands of workmen and demand the proclama
tion of a state of siege. The Moscow garrison numbers no more than 20,000
men, but the authorities consider this Is sufficient for present needs and are
determined to avoid bloodshed if possible. They declare they have the situ
ation well in hand. ....
Captain Grove, the British Consul, has called upon Roudneff, the As
sistant Police Master, who is acting In the absence of Chief Volkoff, and re
quested an explanation of the posted- telegram from London alleging that
the disturbances at the Russian dockyards and arsenal were due to Anglo-
Japanese Instigation; that both Great Britain and Japan are spending vast
Continued on Pace 2, Columns 1 and 2.
TOT WEU.TOTR.
rim mm* made at San Frandaao (or
thirty hours, ending midnight. Jan
uary M:
. San Francisco and vicinity—Foggy
Thursday morning, becoming fair;
light northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
local Forecaster.
*
THE San Francisco CALL
PRESIDENT
SURRENDERS
TO SENATE
Change in Plans Re
garding Santo
Domingo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, BUREAU, POST BUILDING.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—President
Roosevelt, instead of attempting to
establish an American protectorate
over Santo Domingo by his own act,
without any reference of the question
to Congress, has decided to send to the
Senate the treaty or protocol with the
island republic providing for the new
order of things. His sudden reversal
is due' to the certainty of a serious
clash with the Senate if he attempted
to carry out his original intention to
ignore that body, to a discussion In
the. Committee of Foreign Relations
this afternoon, and to the probability
of armed conflict with the rebels in
Santo Domingo.
Official announcement of the change
in the President's policy was made to
day. It was explained that there never
had been any other intention than to
submit the arrangement with Santo
Domingo to the Senate for approval.
It was said that it was not known,
and would not be known until Com
mander Dillingham reached Washing
ton, whether his agreement with
President Morales was In the form of
a treaty or a protocol. Whatever
shape it was in, it was stated, it would
be sent to the Senate and nothing fur
ther would be done until the Senate
had approved or rejected *he conven
tion.
The proposed arrangement by which
this country is to become receiver for
Santo Domingo and Mr. Roosevelt to
assume the role of policeman for Cen
tral and South America was not men
tioned to any of the Republican lead
ers in the Senate.
Before the President decided to sub
mit the question to the Senate there
was an angry discussion in the Sen
ate Committee on Foreign Relations.
The word "impeachment" was used.
Senator Spooner, one of the strong
est supporters of the administration,
pointed out to the Democrats how the
President could be impeached. In the
course of a long speech before the
committee on the Bacon resolution,
calling upon the President for a state
ment as to whether the press dis
patches and the announcement by As
sistant Secretary Loomls regarding the i
virtual establishment of suzerainty j
over Santo Domingo contained the
true facts, Spooner made his sensa
tional utterances. He said that if the
President answered that the publica
tions were accurate, showing that he
had violated the constitution in per
fecting a treaty without the advice or
consent of the Senate, it could be used
as a basis for impeachment proceed
ings.
This was construed as meaning that
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JANUARY 26, 1905.
DECLINES
THE BOLE
Lillian Russell Re
fuses to Sing lor
Mrs. Fish. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.—Lillian Russell
to-day refused to appear at Mrs. Stuy
vesant Fish's party on Friday night
with a Lady Teazle cap.
"I should refuse to act in any one's
home as a paid performer—a clown—to
amuse guests after dinner," said Miss
Russell. "It would place me in a menial
position, which I can avoid by refusing
to go to Mrs. Fish's house. I have been
entertained in homes of quite as much
importance as Mrs. Fish's, and there
is a difference in performing in private
and on the stage."
Mrs. Fish said to-night Miss Russell
had not been asked to sing for her
guests.
if the Democrats desired to pursue the
subject to a culmination the proper
course was to offer a resolution in the
House, where impeachment proceed
ings must originate.
The Foreign Relations Committee
devoted an hour and a half to a dis
cussion of the Bacon resolution of in
quiry, which was referred to it yes
terday by vote of the Senate. There
was no disposition among any of the
members of the Foreign Relations
Ccmmittee to shield the President if
he had violated the constitution.
Neither was evidence given in com
mittee of any disposition on the part
of the Democrats to take up the sug
gestion thrown out by Senator Spooner
that the information from the Presi
dent, if he responded to the Bacon
resolution, might form the basis for
impeachment proceedings. It is not
believed the Democrats care to press
the matter, now that the Republicans
arc aroused and will take action look
ing to the prevention of further en
croachment by the President upon the
Senate's prerogatives.
Lady Curzon Fully Recovered.
LONDON, Jan. 25.—Lady Curzon of
Ke dies ton. wife of the Viceroy of In
dia, has completely recovered from
her long: illness and is preparing to
Join her husband in India with their
children.
MR. BRYAN
LAYS DOWN
PARTY LAW
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Jan. 25.—William Jen
nings Bryan in a three-hour conference
this afternoon with Alton B. Parker
made several things plain to the recent
ly defeated candidate for the Presi
dency.
First, that he believes he (Bryan) and
his friends are now the dominating fac
tion of the Democratic party.
Second, that within a few years there
will be great internal changes in both
party organizations, and men who now
call themselves Democrats will come
out openly as Republicans, while pro
fessed Republicans will declare them
selves Democrats.
Third, that the new strength for the
Democratic party will come from the
West, while the new Republicans will
appear In the Eastern States.
Fourth, that for the reason that the
West and South will remain steadfast
they must have a dominating voice In
the party councils.
Fifth, that the trust question will
overshadow everything else in the next
campaign; that President Roosevelt's
acts In following out the provisions of
Democratic platforms and resolutions
will be an aid to the party, it being the
belief that the President will be al
lowed to go just so far and then ob
stacles will arise in Congress, and that
the present course of the President
should cause every Democrat to con
gratulate himself.
Bryan told Parker that one cause of
the recent disastrous defeat was that
the party had so temporized that it had
resulted In being neither Democratic
nor Republican. Parker was told, too,
that local Democrats would realize the
strength of Bryan's position and turn
in to help in future campaigns. There
was no discussion of the financial ques.
tlon, Bryan acknowledging that other
issues were of more importance.
Ohio's Blind Mayor Passes Away.
YOUNGSTOWN. Ohio, Jan. 25.—
Walter L. Campbell, the blind ex-
Mayor of this city, died to-day af apo
plexy. He was 62 years of age. He
was a musician and author of some
note
. SCENE IN MOSCOW AND BRITISH
OFFICIAL* WHO EXPRESS SYM
PATHY FOR CZAR S PEOPLE.
LADRONES
AND SCOUTS
IN BATTLE
MANILA, Jan. a battle this
morning in a river bed near Silang
between a detachment of scouts and
constabulary and 100 armed ladrones,
who,-under the leadership of the out
law, Fejizardo, attacked the town of
San Francisco de Malabon, In the
province of Cavite, last Tuesday night,
ten ladrones were killed and several
taken prisoners. There were no
casualties among the scouts and con
stabulary. Severe fighting continues.
In their attack on the town on
Tuesday nisrht the ladrones captured
the wife and two children of Governor
Trias. These, together with several
native women prisoners, were seen
with the ladrones this morning, but
an attempt to rescue them was un
successful.
Additional details regarding the at
tack by ladrones on San Francisco de
Malabon, in which Contract Surgeon J.
A. O'Neill was killed, show that the la
drones numbered 300. They were led by
the famous outlaws Montalon and Feli
zardo, who Were aided by two Ameri
can negroes. The ladrones were armed
with over 130' rifles.
Besides Surgeon O'Neill, one private
of the constabulary was killed and
three were seriously wounded.
The municipal treasury was looted of
$2000, and twenty-five Remington rifles
were taken by the ladrones. The rebels
were dressed in constabulary uniforms,
and this fact created considerable con
fusion.
Socialist Victory in Germany.
BERLIN. Jan. 25.—Herr Albrecht,
Socialist, has been elected to the
Reichstag in the Klabe district over
Herr Placke. National Liberal.
THE THEATERS- |
ALCAZAR—"The Conquerora"
ALHAMBRA —De Pachmann Con oert.
CALIFORNIA—"Shaun Rhua."
COLUMBIA—Matinee. "The Liars";
evening, "A Country Mouse."
CENTRAL—"The Holy City."
CHUTES—Vaudeville.
FISCHER'S —Vaudeville.
GRAND—"The Silver Slipper."
ORPHEUM—Vaudeville. Matinee to
day.
TIVOLI—Grand Opera, "Travlata."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
PROCESSION
OF STUDENTS
IS PREVENTED
MOSCOW, Jan. 26, 1 a. m.—The
students last night celebrated the
Titian dinner at the Ermitage. This
was followed by reTolntlonarjr
speeches. Cavalry posted outside pre
vented a procession.
LONDON, Jan. 26.—The Standard's
St. Petersburg correspondent gives the
report that Count Tolstoy has sent
$5000 to the wounded. A rumor was
in circulation in Berlin to-night that
Grand Duke Sergius has been assassi
nated. It probably has no foundation,
merely arising from the fact that his
whereabouts is unknown.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 25.—At
to-day's session of the. Municipal
Court a resolution was passed by the
fourteen Councilors strongly pro
testing against the firing by troops
upon defenseless workmen on January
22 and declaring that the Council re
volted against such ruthlessness,
which undermines the pillars of civil
order, and considered it to be its dnty
to vote $1250 for the victims' families.
POISONING
IS MANIA
OF WOMAN
Puts Arsenic Into
tbe Food of Ten
Families.
»
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
DETROIT. Jan. 25.—Evidence was
brought to light to-day which con
vinces the police that Mrs. Rose Bar
ron is one of the most heartless mono
maniacs ever arrested. It is alleared
that she has administered arsenic with
in the last few months to the mem
bers of ten families in Detroit, many
of whom narrowly escaped death. She
is held on a charge of having put ar
senic in food used in the dining-room
of the Alhambra apartments, where
fourteen persons were poisoned last
week.
Mrs. Barron stoutly maintains her
innocence, but the police say the evi
dence against her is overwhelming.
Several members of her own family
died under suspicious circumstances,
and it is believed she murdered them
for the insurance they carried.
WILHELMINA'S HUSBAND
INJURED WHILE SKATING
BERLIN, Jan. 25.—Prince Henry of
Mecklenburg-Schwerin. husband of
Queen Wilhelmina of Holland, fell
heavily on the ice yesterday, striking
the back of his head, while skating
at Schwerin.o
MOBS IN FINLAND
HELSINGFORS CROWD
IS NOT MOLESTED BY
COSSACK GARRISON
ORATORS INCITE REVOLUTION
Steps Taken to Galm Work
; ingmen in Manufacturing
Cities of Russia.
•. "HELSINOFORS, Finland, Jan. 25. —
The demonstration which was begun
here last night continued from 7
o'clock till midnight to-night, about
10,000 persons, principally workmen,
participating. There is no strike here
and the demonstrations are essentially
' political in character. Proclamations
have. been distributed declaring that
"Finland's people, especially proletar
ians, join with their junior Russian
brethren In their gigantic struggle."
There were numerous revolutionary
speeches and the houses of two Sena
tors who had failed to stand firm
against the policy of Russification
.were mobbed, as was also the office of
{he newpaper, Usi Soumetar, the win
. dows of which were smashed. In
front of the Diet House crowds cheered
fer the revival of the Finnish consti
tution, which has been petitioned for
hy the Diet. The windows of several
-Restaurants were smashed. Cossacks
wer*e called out, but did not charge,
■nor did the police interfere with the
. Tnocession.
In- quelling one body of rioters to
night, however, the police on one oc
l .t-asion used their revolvers and three
m*n* were wounded, two youths'
soalps were cut and a third was struck
in the stomach with a bullet.
• TCOVNO, Russia, Jan. 25. —The Gov
. ernor has issued a proclamation an
■ nouncing that the general strike at
ivovno has been brought about by the
threats of a small group of workmen,
.; 'whose hopes for changes in the fac
. fory- regulations and an increase of
: wa'ges cannot, the Governor says, be
; " attained by such means. He urges the
strikers not to listen to the promptings
•of the evil-disposed, but to resume
. work, promising to examine the men's
.demands, and, so far as possible, grant
them. At the same time the Governor
warns the strikers that in the event
of disturbances in the streets he will
take' vigorous measures, using armed
force if necessary.
REVAL, Russia, Jan. 26.—A crowd
of strikers to-day marched in proces
sion to the Governor's residence. The
TREPOFF TRIES TO BRING CALM
♦
Continued From Page 1, Columns I and 2.
sums of money to prevent the Russian second Paciflo squadron reaching
the Far East and adding that "all Russians who strike are therefore in
oonnivance with the enemy."
CHALLENGES BRITON TO A DUEL.
Roudneff produced the original telegram as evidence of good faith. Cap
tain Grove said that he would report the matter to the embassy in
St. Petersburg, as he considered that the posting of the alleged telegram
imperiled the lives of subjects of Great Britain who were employed in fac
tories here. Roudneff assured him that there was absolutely no cause for
apprehension, but assumed the responsibility for the publication.
•* . Roudneff also offered Captain Grove personal satisfaction in a resort to
. arms.
General Trepoff's appointment to the governor generalship of St. Peters
burg was a complete surprise here. It Is rumored that Minister of the Inte
. >ior Sviatopolk-Mirsky may be appointed Governor General of Moscow.
Owing to the disturbed conditions the celebration to-day of the 150 th
anniversary of the foundation of the university here, the first to be estab
lished in Russia, was confined to a religious service in the university
chapel. '
Grand Duke Sergius, the former Governor General, is said to have
taken refuge in the palace of the Kremlin. Among the rumors current Is
one to the effect that the strikers Intend marching to the Neskoutchny pal
ace, outside of Moscow, where Grand Duke Sergius formerly resided.
POWERFUL AID
FOR STRIKERS
Center Party in Prussian
Diet Is Supporting the
Cause of the Workingmen
BERLIN, Jan. 25.—The Center party
in a resolution presented in the Prus
sian Diet to-day asked the Government
to appoint seven members of the Diet
to investigate the coal strike. This was
done in the interest of the strikers, who
hope to force the owners of the mines
into a still more difficult position, as
they have refused an invitation of the
Commissioners appointed by the Min
istry of the Interior to discuss the situ
ation with the delegates of the work
lngmen. The commission asked for by
the Center party would have powers
that the Interior Department Commis
sion does not have for summoning per
sons and calling for papers.
Germany sees a singular sight In the
powerful Center party co-operating
with the Socialists in supporting a
strike. The higher Catholic clergy are
subscribing personally to the strike
funds and are announcing subscrip
tions.
ESSEN, Prussia, Jan. 25.—The sub
scriptions for the strikers, both in and
outside this district, aggregate about
$300,000. The effect of the prohibition of
the local authorities at various places
to carry around subscription papers
has been to increase the Voluntary con
tributions.
EMBERS OF REVOLUTION
GLOWING IN HONDURAS
MOBILE, Ala., Jan. 25.—Advices re
ceived here by the steamship Espana
to-day are to the effect that a revolu
tion Is brewing in Puerto Cortez and
other parts of Spanish Honduras. The
Government at Tegucigalpa has
taken strenuous steps to forestall an
outbreak. -.
Governor addressed them in a. few
words and allayed their excitement.
The strikers then chose a deputation to
present their Remands to their em
ployers, who were gathered in the
Governor's rooms. The demands in
clude an eight-hour day and an in
crease of wages. It is reported that
the results of the interview were satis
factory.
RIGA, Jan. 25.- i —A general strike is
in progress here in «jinpathy with the
St. Petersburg worl'iien. The troops
in the district have been mobilized and
the streets are being patrolled.
SARATOFF, Russia. Jan. 25. —The
men in the railroad shops and other
establishments here have gone out on
strike.
»
Panic in a Kishenev Theater.
KISHENEV, Jan. 25.—A seditious
demonstration during the perform-,
ance led to a panic In a theater here
last night. A crisis in the hostility
toward the Government was raised in
the crowded auditorium by incendiary
proclamations which were showered
from the gallery. The audience be
came panic-stricken and considerable
time elapsed before order was re
stored. Twenty arrests were made,
including four Jewish soldiers.
Denounces Czar as Assassin.
ROME, Jan. 25. —In the Chamber
of Deputies to-day a member of the
Extreme Left denounced Emperor
Nicholas of Russia as an autocratic
assassin. Meetings to express sym
pathy with the Russian agitators are
being held throughout Italy.
Manufactured News Denied.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 26.—The
stories of the illness of the Emperor,
the Empress and the young Crown
Prince are officially denied. A press
correspondent to-day conversed with
a member of the court who saw the
Emperor walking in the garden el
Tsarkoe-Selo this -morning.
HUNDREDS FLEE
FROM FLAMES
Fire Destroys a Number
of Dwellings in Bronx
District of New York
NEW YORK, Jan. 26.—Nine frame
dwelling houses have been destroyed
and two more are burning in the blocks
bounded by One Hundred and Fifty
eighth and One Hundred and Sixtieth
streets and Jackson and Trinity ave
nues, in Bronx Borough. The Are
started at 1:30 o'clock this morning. „
The fire engines were three-quarters
of an hour in getting to the fire, on ac
count of the snow. Two women have
been taken away in ambulances. It Is
believed no lives were lost.
ARSENIC MAY HAVE CAUSED
DEATH OF HOCK'S WIVES
Cellar of His House to Be Dug Up
In Effort to Find Other
Victims. X
CHICAGO, Jan. 25.—Medical authori
ties have been called to aid the police
in determining whether poison could
have produced nephritis, to which five
wives of "Bluebeard" Johann Hoch
succumbed.
According to certificates signed by
the attending physicians, all of the
women, whom Hoch is alleged to have
murdered, died of this complaint ex
cept Mrs. Mary Steinbecker. Her case
was diagnosed as gastritis, or inflam
mation of the stomach. Physicians al
ready consulted give the opinion that
arsenic might cause death in such a
manner that the symptoms could be
confounded with those of nephritis.
In the belief that Hock may have
concealed the bodies of murdered vic
tims in his house on Union avenue,
where Mrs. Marie Welker Hoch died,
the nolice are planning to dig up the
cellar,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 26, 1905.
storm the homes of senators
REGARDED AS TRAITORS TO PEOPLE
HUNDREDS
OF ARRESTS
ARE MADE
Governor General Trepoff
Begins His Reign in St.
Petersburg by Hunting
Down Leading Agitators
STRIKERS ARE WELL
SUPPLIED WITH GOLD
Two Million Dollar Fund
From Some Mysterious
Source Is Placet} at the
Disposal of the Workmen
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 25. — Gov
ernor General Trepoff was in supreme
command of the city to-day. Although
a state of siege has not been actually
proclaimed, it practically exists, the
Emperor having conferred upon him,
as Governor General, almost absolute
power, authorizing him to use the mil
itary, gendarmerie and any other
agency of the Government to preserve
order, placing under his control the
Government works and schools and
even empowering him to exile persons
who are inimical to peace. During last
night hundreds of arrests were made.
The only decision of the Government
thus far is to preserve order at all
costs.
"The Government is living over a vol
cano, and can do nothing else," said a
high official thiß morning. "Every
ether consideration must give way to
the question of public order."
Private advices from all the big cit
ies and towns of Russia indicate that
there is excitement everywhere. The
red flag demonstrations at Helsingfors,'
Finland, last night were disquieting,
but there is no evidence yet of a gen
eral movement. The appointment of
Senator Linder as Secretary of State
for Finland just at this time is con
sidered to be an unfortunate blunder,
and is likely to prove exceedingly dis
tasteful to the Finns. Although a Finn
himself, Senator Linder is unpopular,
owing to his support of the policy of
the Russification of the towns of the
Baltic provinces.
STRIKERS HAVE LARGE FUND.
Evidence accumulates that the strik
ers are supplied with money to meet
their present needs. All sorts of stories
are afloat as to the size and origin of
the fund. Money Is undoubtedly being
supplied by the Liberals. It is said
that they have a fund of $2,000,000,
some of which was advanced by Ger
man Socialists. It is seriously believed
In some quarters that money Is be
ing furnished from Japanese-British
sources to bring on a revolution, or
such internal complications as will
compel the Government to make peace
with Japan.
Reports late this afternoon were that
the strike was extending at Narva,
Saratoff and Kbarkoff.
Some foreign correspondents, who
have been indulging in the wildest ex
aggeration of the situation, are now, In
anticipation of arrest, trying to ar
range for the embassies of their re
spective countries to make proper rep
resentations in their behalf.
The strikers seem still to be without
definite plans for the future. It is said
that a demonstration has been decided
upon for to-morrow, on the occasion of
the funerals of several of : the more
prominent victims, but this is denied.
For the moment the strikers appear to
be content to remain quiet.
All of the outgoing trains are filled
w r lth people going abroad, mostly for
eigners. Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Smith and
their family have left St. Petersburg
for Berlin.
EDITORS PRESENT PETITION.
A deputation from the St. Petersburg
press waited upon Interior Minister
Sviatopolk-Mirsky during the day and
presented a petition formulated at a
conference of editors. Souvorln (senior
editor of the Novo Vremya) said that
the only means of restoring public con
fidence was to grant freedom ttf* the
press and to summon a Congress of
Zemstvos. He 'declared that if the
press had been free none of the recent
deplorable events would have occurred.
The Minister replied that this peti
tion would be considered, but that he
must confer with Governor General
Trepoff.
Tbe funerals of many victims of Sun
day's tragedy were held this morning.
Pitiful sights were witnessed. In sev
eral cases a man and wife carried be
tween them a wooden box containing a
child killed. Some of the coffins were
borne on common carters' sleighs, the
mourners following on foot, according
to the Russian custom. It was notice
able that in many cases the usual
priest and ikon ahead of the procession
were absent. No demonstration oc
curred, but workmen and others stood
uncovered in the streets as the little
groups passed with the dead. In the
Volkoff Cemetery, beyond the Narva
gates, 167 bodies were lowered to their
last resting place. ,
A notice was posted to-day at all the
works, giving the strikers twenty-four
hours to resume their employment and
intimating that those who did not com
ply would be deported to villages.
It is expected that a message from
Emperor Nicholas will to-morrow be
delivered to the workmen, through the
Minister of Finance.
Maxim Gorky, the author and reform
party leader, has been arrested at Riga,
whither he had-been summoned by the
illness of his wife.
BALTIC FLEET LOCATED.
'Warships Are at Anchor In a Mada
gascar Harbor.
SEYCHELLES ISLANDS, Indian
Ocean, Jan. 25. —The French gunboat
Capricorn reports that the Russian
second Pacific squadron was at Pas
sandava'Bay, northwest coast of Mad
agascar, on January 20. It was be
lieved the squadron intended to go to
the east coast of Madagascar, owing
to the hurricane season.
The Seychelles Islands are about
700 miles northeast of Madagascar.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 25.—C. K. McCTatchy,
editor of the Bee, has been operated upon for
appendicitis. His condition is considered
favorable for a speedy recovery.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Taice uromo vtuinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if U fails to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box. 20c*
HOSTILITY
OF ENGLAND
APPARENT
Statesmen and Press Are
Doing Their Utmost to
Array Russian Populace
Against the Emperor
JOURNALISTIC FAKES
TO EXCITE MASSES
London Newspapers Inform
Their Readers That Thou
sands Were Slain During
the Rioting on Sunday
LONDON, Jan. 25.—The Foreign Of
fice views the situation in Russia with
alarm. It believes that, while the pre
sent risings will be put down, the af
fair of Sunday at St. Petersburg is cer
tain to bring about a change In the
form of government. The Foreign Of
fice would welcome a Russian govern
ment with which it could enter a treaty
agreement similar to the Anglo-French
agreement, feeling that a contract with
the present regime would be repudiated
at will. But fears are entertained of
a revolution which might result in in
ternational complications.
The remarks of War Secretary Ar
nold-Forster at Croydon last night,
when he expressed the sympathy of the
people of the United Kingdom with the
people of Russia, are exciting consider
able comment, coming from a Cabinet
Minister. He seemed to voice the gen
eral suspicion that the British Govern
ment has of Russian bureaucracy. Ar
nold-Forster also made the astound
ing statement that It would be a bold
man who would say whether this move
ment would be likely to help
or hurt the British nation, but "We
must be on our guard."
The British press as a whole takes a
no less gloomy view. The papers have
been given up exclusively since Sunday
to alarmist reports from Russia, hos
tile articles and scathing editorials on
"the massacre," one of the mildest
terms used for the affair of Sunday,
and the Russian Emperor and his Gov
ernment are generally compared to
"beasts at bay."
THOUSANDS SLAIN WITH PEN.
The whole discussion of the situation
in Russia serves again to reveal the
poorly disguised hostility of the British
press to everything Russian. The spe
cial dispatches to the London papers
all report the conditions prevailing in
Russia to be worse than the Associated
Press accounts. The Russian official
figures of the killed and wounded are
stigmatised as ' ludicrously official."
The nuniber of slain reported here in
Monday's papers ranged from 2000 to
8000. One prominent paper announced
that the dead alone numbered 2000 and
another said 8000. The Associated Press
figures, 800, given on Monday, are now
considered at the embassies here as the
maximum.
Exaggerations are noticed in most of
the reports. A notable instance is a
long account of an alleged mutiny of
sailors of the Black Sea fleet, and a de
tailed account of an incendiary Are at
the Sevastopol works, which later was
contradicted by the Associated Press
correspondent.
Many articles are appearing in the
papers and reviews by prominent au
thorities on Russia, arguing the cer
tain success of the revolution, but they
seem inspired more by the hope of the
writers than by facts.
Prfhce Sviatopolk-Mirsky, a cousin
of the Russian Minister of the Interior
and Becond secretary of the embassy
here, said to-dayj
"It Is certain that last Sunday's
events in St. Petersburg are grossly
exaggerated in all the European press.
I am sure normal tranquillity will soon
be restored."
The Prince expressed no surprise
that the Emperor had declined to re
ceive a deputation of 100,000 workmen,
who pleaded, among other demands,
for the separation of the church from
the state.
NO PRESS CENSORSHIP.
LONDON, Jan. 26.—Some of the Lon
don morning papers complain that the
Russian censorship of news dispatches
has been relmposed. These complaints
are quite unjustified. The Associated
Press and other di itches are coming
freely from St. Petersburg, Moscow
and other Russian cities, but are suf
fering serious delay in transmission,
probably owing to the pressure on the
wires, all the European journals the
past week having been daily increas
ing the length of their Russian dis
patches.
It should be mentioned, however, rs
a curious fact, that the alleged censor
ship appears chiefly to have affected
those journals which have Indulged in
the dissemination of wild and extrava
gant reports. That no real censorship
is exercised is evident from Associated
Press and other dispatches which con
tinue to comment with perfect free
dom on the political situation.
The Daily Telegraph's correspondent ,
at St. Petersburg declares that In the
whole empire there is but one official so
utterly loathed as Trepoff and that is
General KUegeb of Kleff, who may yet
be Minister of the Interior. He con
tinues:
"Russia is cloven in twain and no
human force can weld the parts to
gether. On one side stands the auto-'
crat, whose behests are still mechani
cally fulfilled by his Majesty's army,
which, however, Is a section of the
people. On the other hand stands the
empire nation, united In the determina- i
tion to deliver itself from a yoke which i
has now become unbearable. The army j
is acting In virtue of use and wont and ;
in time will come over to its own kith ,
and kin."
This is taken as evidence that the
censorship Is not so very strict.
FREE FREE
WITH
BUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A
NATIONAL
COMBINATION
NEEDLE AND PIN
CASE.
Free With Every Small Ad In
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
BURDENED
SLAVS GAIN
COURAGE
For the First Time the
Populace Is Outspoken
in Its Denunciation of
the Government's Course
BREAKS THE SILENCE
OF LONG CENTURIES
, v
Members of the Romanoff
Family Accused of Arti
ficially-Arresting the De
velopment of the Nation
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 25.—The
council of the Polytechnic Institute
to-day adoptefj the following':
One of the member» of tha family of tha
Polytechnic Institute of St. Petersburg;, the
Student Savinkln, died a violent death, being
•hot on January 22 in the Alexander Qardens.
Savinkln was one of the victims of the butch
ery against a peaceful, unarmed crowd. The
council of the Institute, being revolted and
depressed by the acta of January 22, which
prove that In Russia the very Uvea of peace
able citizens are unsafe, expresses profound
indignation on account of the general firing,
one of the victims of which waa the student
Savinkln. The councU finds that peace unde>
the present conditions existing is absolutely
Impossible, and resolves, first, to Inform the
Minister of Finance of the opinions of the
council regarding the events of January 22;
second, to suspend lectures in the Institute:
and third, to defray the cost of the funeral
of Savinkln.
The students of the institute sent a
declaration to the director, declaring
their' agreement with the resolution.
Fourteen members of the Zemstvo
of Simblek (on the Volga, 105 miles
south-southwest of Kazan) have
adopted the following resolutions:
During our whole lives we have been forced
to observe silence in all our new ideas. The
authorities see specters threatening to destroy
the foundations of state. For forty years we
Have said "All is well." We had been so ac
customed to this course that to say otherwise
would have been a political crime. This atti
tude on the part of the people debased to
slavery has led Russia to a crisis through
which she cannot safely be brought by pal
liatives or half measures. Russia is on the
road to complete ruin, and the fatherland is
threatened with terrible danger, not alone by
the foreign enemy with whom she is now
struggling, but by an Internal foe against
whom the bureaucracy has been bo long fight
ing with disastrous results.
The danger lies In the prostration of the
general development of the country, brought
about by the bureaucracy. The development
of Russia has been artificially arrested, and
all other institutions stricken unto death and
cannot be brought back to life. The very de
pressed condition of the country also consti
tutes a danger front which there is no escape.
The Zemstvo representatives had no oppor
nlty of freely and honestly speaking their
minds on the subjects of abuses, but the
bureaucrat* took measures to prevent them.
The president of the Zemstvo proposed an
amendment to this resolution, but our duty
to the fatherland and the throne obliged us
to refuse to vote the address in the form he
suggested. It is a crime to shut our eyes to
the condition of the country. Freely elected
representatives alone can liberate Russla.
These representatives would point to Russia
and the Emperor a new path to peace and
Slory.
SttfPKROPOL, Jan. 25.—The Zems
tvo at Taurida, at its first meeting of
the year to-day, unanimously adopted
the following petition to Emperor
Nicholas: '•
Sire: The Taurida Zemstvo congratulates
your Majesty, as well as the Empress, on the
birth of an heir to the throne. This event oc
curred in a terrible year of national grief, a
year of cruel and bloody war, a year of bitter
Internal disorder. Let peace dawn on Russia
and her frontiers. That is the best wish
Russian subjects can express at the cradle of
your son.
Tour decree of December 25 held out to the
nation hopes of internal peace In the future,
which everywhere is dependent on the preser
vation and maintenance of the law and equal
rights of citizens, on freedom of conscience
and religion, freedom of speech and the press,
freedom of association and public meetings.
Sire: We are strongly convinced that the
fulfillment of all your great Intentions for their
Inviolability can only be assured by the par
ticipation of elected representatives of the
whole nation in the legislative power. We sin
cerely believe that In the union of the power
of the state with that of the people can be
found the only pledge for the complete devel
opment of the productive forces of the coun
try.
If you summon representatives of the nation
to take part in the legislation, finance and ad
ministrative control and fulfillment of the law
and the intentions of your Imperial Majesty,
you will make Russia powerful and invincible
from without and flourishing within her bor
ders In the light of right and truth.
BLOODSHED WILL MARK
ELECTION IN HUNGARY
Close of an Exciting Campaign Which
Already Has Cost Seven
Lives.
VIENNA, Jan. 25.—The Parliamen
tary elections which will begin in Hun
gary to-morrow (Thursday) are ex
pected to take place amid scenes of
rioting and bloodshed unequaled in any
previous campaigns. A state of terror
ism is sure to prevail throughout the
country.
Premier Tisza is determined to make
an end of Parliamentary obstruction,
and the opposition parties are equally
resolved to defeat the Premier's pur
pose. The question of revising the rules
of Parliamentary procedure is the only
one put before the electorate. The cam
paign already has cost seven lives, the
latest victim being Prince Ferdinand
of Bulgaria's private huntsman.
Michael Krapusnak, who was shot dur
ing a fight between rival parties at
Jolsva.
Preparatory to to-morrow's polling
special trainloads of troops have been
sent to Hungary from all parts of Aus
tria. Infantry and artillery have been
sent from Vienna and cavalry from
Lemberg. Altogether 10.000 extra sol
diers have been distributed In the va
rious electoral districts.
Sympathize With Russians.
LONDON, Jan. 25.—The Borough j
Council of Battersea, London, to- j
night formally adopted a resolution |
expressing indignation and abhorrence
at the events of January 22 In St j
Petersburg and expressing profound j
sympathy with the workmen of Rus
sia in their efforts to obtain social and !
political freedom, urging them to
■jn********* the movement until their de
mands are granted. It was voted to .
send a copy of the resolutions to
Father Gopon.
No Battle of the Fleets.
PARIS, Jan. 25.—The officials here
consider the rumor of an encounter
between the squadron commanded by
Vice Admiral Rojestvensky and a Jap
anese squadron to be a fabrication.
Special Service Squadron Formed.
TOKIO, Jan. 25.—The Navy De
partment announces the formation of
a special service squadron. No details
are given.
AD V EKTIS J EMENTS 1 _ „
Winter has its pleasures. The skat
ins;, sleighing and various other outdoor
sports of winter, combined with Its pure,
bracing atmosphere, all tend toward pro
ducing a healthy condition of the body.
Yet, in spite of these pleasures, winter
brings Its ills. Most of them are in the
nature of climatic diseases-
People are sometimes not as careful as
they should be. They expose themselves
unduly.
They are caught in cold, sleety rain.
They enter the house with damp shoes
and clothing and do not take the time or
trouble to change to dry clothing.
They sit about the house and breathe
the vitiated air of stuffy, unventllated
rooms.
They do not take enough outdoor exer
cise and neglect hygienic precautions.
The amusements of the long evenings
create a tendency to keep late hours ana
eat heavy meals before retiring.
All of these indiscretions create ca
tarrhal diseases.
Coughs, colds, bronchitis, croup, pneu
monia and la grippe predominate, though
indigestion and stomach catarrh are al
most as prevalent as in summer.
The only remedy erer devised by the
medical profession to successfully coun
teract these ills and permanently curs
catarrh, is Peruna.
It cures catarrh In every phase and
stage. Jt Is not a palliative, but a pre
manent cure.
It strikes at once at the root of the ca
tarrh by removing the cause of catarrh.
It soothes and heals all of the various
mucous membranes of the body, whether
of the head, throat, lungs or stomach.
Peruna. together with a reasonable
amount of care as to one's health, is tht»
ASTRONOMER
DISCOVERS A
NEW PLANET
Find Announced by
Wood of Hei
delberg.
—«,—
CAMBRIDGE. Mass., Jan. 26.—A ca
blegram received at the Harvard As
tronomical Observatory to-day an
nounced the discovery of a planet of
the thirteenth magnitude by Professor
Wolf at Heidelberg on Sunday night.
On Monday it was again observed by
him in right ascension 1 hour 81 min
utes 59 seconds, declination plus 8 de
grees 86 minutes 13 seconds. Its daily
motion is in right ascension 1 minute
32 seconds; In declination 9 minutes.
This planet was believed by Profes
sors Kreuts and Wolf to be Perrine's
satellite of Jupiter, but to-night a tel
egram was received from Professor W.
W. Campbell of the Lick Observatory at
Mount Hamilton, Cal., stating that the
sixth satellite of Jupiter had been ob
served on January 17 and that the
heavenly body discovered by Professor
Wolf had no connection with it.
FORMER SAN FRANCISCAN
DIES BY HIS OWN HAND
E. A. Davidson, Unable to Obtain Em
ployment and Being Without
Means, Shoots Himself.
RENO, Jan. 26. —E. A. Davidson,
formerly of San Francisco, shot and
killed himself at the Molovista cattle
ranch, a few miles from Deth, Nev.,
to-day. He had been working for the
Marys River Land and Cattle Com
pany as a cowboy for several months,
but a few weeks ago he became sick
and spent all his money for medical
treatment. He regained his health
once more, but was unable to obtain
employment, and while suffering from
a fit of despondency caused by his
misfortune shot himself. He is re
ported to have come from a well-to-do
family in San Francisco.
COOK BOOKS FOR CULL READERS
Cut out this coupon and mail to CALL office with your
remittance of 50 cents to pay cost of book, and if you are an
out-of-town subscriber send as cents additional to prepay ex
pressage.
NAME i
ADDRESS m~m
»• • •
THE CALL'S TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK
BOOK is the best cook book on the market. Only CALL
readers are entitled to this premium rate.
only fortification necessary to keep off
winter catarrh.
We give below only a few of the many
commendatory expressions received by
Dr. Hartman fom people who have'been
cured of winter catarrh by Peruna.
When the Children Catch Cold.
"If my husband or any of the children
catch cold, lose ther appetite, or have
Indigestion, a few doses of Peruna never
fall to effect a cure." —Mrs. Annie Jones,
Glenwood Springs, Colo.
Catarrh of Head and Throat
"I have been giving my little daughter
the Peruna regularly, and ■he is entirely
cured of her catarrh of the head ana
throat." —Mrs. B. P. L. Geissler, 80 Mil
ton St., Cleveland, Ohio.
A Severe Cold.
"Last fall I took a severe cold which
settled all over me. I thought that I
would try Peruna. In less than a week
I began to improve and kept on so until
I was again able to do my work."—Mrs.
Clara Litterst, Searfield, Ind.
Catarrh Became Chronic.
"I was suffering from catarrh of tha
head and eyes. I began using Peruna
after this trouble was well seated, but
found that it took hold of the trouble at
once. I was a grateful woman at the end
of six weeks, when I found that I was
well."—Alice Campbell, Avalon, Santa
Catalina Island, Cal.
Health Restored by Pc ru na.
"My health was excellent until about
a year ago, when I had a complete col
lapse from overdoing socially, not get
ting the proper rest and too many late
Buppers.
I was advised by a friend to try Pe
runa, I kept using it for three months.
At the end of that time my health was
restored."—Nellie G. Loomis, 911 Camp
bell St.. Kansas City. Mo.
PRINCE EITEL
SERIOUSLY ILL
Second Son of the German
Emperor, Suffering From
an Attack of Pneumonia
BERLIN, Jan. 25.—Prince HHtel
Friedrich, second son of Emperor Wil
liam, is suffering from pneumonia. A
bulletin Issued by Military Surgeons
Widemann arid Welmuth gave his tem
perature aa 103 degrees F.
The Prince has been skating a good
deal during the recent severe weather
on the lakes near Potsdam and he
danced at the great charity ball given
Saturday evening for the benefit of the
families of German soldiers who have
fallen in Southwest Africa. The Prince
was with the imperial party at the pal
ace on Sunday when the Emperor and
Empress received the newly decorated
persons. He was taken ill on Monday.
Emperor Willla: has canceled all
the birthday celebrations which were
to have been held at the royal castle
here on Friday.
Prince Eitel's illness came suddenly.
He went to bed on Monday with a
ccld, but the matter was not reported
to the Emperor. The first symptoms
of pneumonia appeared this afternoon
and the physicians immediately in
formed the Emperor, who was at
Potsdam making a military inspec
tion.
Emperor William had Just decided
to advance Prince Eitel to the rank of
captain of the First Regiment of the
Guards, which the Crown Prince has
hitherto commanded, the latter being
advanced to major.
BRITAIN HAS COAL ENOUGH
FOR 450 YEARS TO COME
Report Made on the Resources of
the Fields of the United
Kingdom.
LONDON, Jan. 26. —The report of
the royal commission on the coal sup
ply of the United Kingdom, Issued to
day, calculates the available resources
of the proved coal field at 100,000.000,
--000 tons, which at the present increas
ing rate of output will last about 450
years. The commissioners expect that,
owing to physical considerations, the
rate of the increase of the'output will
soon be slower and will be followed by
a period of stationary output and then
by a gradual decline, which will pro
long the duration of the resources.GOVERNOR AND MRS. PARDEE RECEIVE STATE OFFICIALS
EXECUTIVE MANSION IS THE SCENE OE A BRILLIANT FUNCTION
rLOWERS AND ELAGS
LEND TO BEAUTY OE
THE HANDSOME HOME
HUNDREDS OP GUESTS ATTEND.
Reception Proves One of the* Most Enjopble
Social Affairs Ever Given In Sacramento.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 25.—The Exe
cutive Mansion was the scene to-night
•>f the first official reception held dur
ing the residence of Governor and Mrs.
. George C. Pardee here and it was in
• very respect a brilliant event. Sacra
mento had witnessed nothing of the
kind since the days of Governor and
Mrs. Leland Stanford's residence here
years ago, when their handsome home
' was the scene of many notable recep
tions.
It has been the custom of the Gov
ernors of later years to retain their
residence in the localities whence they
were called to serve the State, and the
capital city was little more to them
than to the average legislator—a so
journing place for a period only. But
Governor and Mrs. Pardee in taking
their abode in the new Executive
Mansion have entered fully into the
social life of Sacramento and the pres
• t' was only one of a series of recep
tit>ns they have planned. Some time next
• keek a card party will be given at
the mansion to the ladies of Sacramen
lo ny Mrs. Pardre, her sister, Miss Etta
Penniman. and Mrs. Alden Anderson,
ife of the Lieutenant Governor. In
the week follow ing there will be a
< . pLion at the mansion to the people
of. Sacramento of the same general
character as the official function to
l.ight.
Governor and Mrs. Pardee about two
•ks ago issued invitations to all the
State officials, including in each in
stance a deputy also, asking themselves
Mini wives to be present at their home
this evening. Fully 600 of those re
■ ivlng them responded in person to-.
. I ight.
The purchasing of a home for the
Governor of the State has proved a
great blessing for Sacramento, since the
interests which should have been cen
tered here have of late years been neg
lected on account of there being no suit
able official residence. Governor and
Mis. Pardee have done much for the
society of Sacramento and it is well
appreciated. The reception to-night
together officials who had not
before met and many of whom might
i vet have met socially, except for this
i vent,
" ii-i- national colors, most appropriate
ly. constituted the chief means of dec- |
. .ion. Fourteen immense bunting ;
nags were usld as draperies in the !
•rways, on the balustrade and above
•the large mirror in the hallway. By a
■ Willful so that the mir
rors in the other rooms refloefbd the I
Hags, the effect was carried to the oth-
I » ms. Flowers in baskets and
b " -hes. sent by friends In various
parts of the State, were distributed
sjx at In consplcious places. A stringed
on hesrra. stationed in the west wing
of the hallway on the lower floor, ren
dered select music throughout the
•hours of the reception.
The hall on the second floor was well
rilled all evening with interested guests,
• inKprcting the cabinets of curios and
a superb collection of brass belonging
•lo Governor and Mrs. Pardee. Another
orchestra held forth in the-ballroom on
•the third floor, and dancing was in or
der there. %
A larse bowl of punch served to re
fresh the dancers, while in the dfning
room, on the first floor, light refresh
ments, consisting of a fruit punch, a
• liquor punch, cakes, candies and like
delicacies. were dispensed by the Misses
Pardee and Miss Edlo Colgan. daughter
of state Controller E. P. Colgan. from
n table prettily appointed in cutglass
and fine china, with ferns strewn over
tHe -Moth and standing against a deep
background of green banking. The
young women in the dining-room were
assisted by Burnell Wiseman and
. David Johnston.
To the left of the entrance, in the
front parlor. stood Governor and Mrs.
Parde- and Lieutenant Governor and
Mrs. Anderson, who received the
guests. Miss Etta Penniman. Mrs.
Pardee's sister, stood in the hall and
the guests as they entered.
The others who lent their assistance
in seeing that the callers were enter
tained were Mrs. A. M. Peterson, Mrs. j
E. P. Colgan. Mrs. Truman Reeves, Mrs.
I . S. Webb, Mrs. Victor H. Woods. Mrs.
T. .f. Kirk. Mrs. W. W. Shannon. Mrs.
.J. R. Lauek. Mrs. C. M. Belshaw, Mrs.
T. H. Selvage, Mrs. C. B. Green well,
Mrs. B. F. Woodward, Mrs. Clifford
Coggins, Mrs. Frank C. Prescott, Mrs.
J. A. McKee, Mrs. W. A. Johnstone.
Mrs. W. H. Waste, Mrs. A. B. Nye and
•Mrs. N. K. Foster.
The hospitality of the Governor and
his wife was unbounded and the recep
" Hon hours passed delightfully.
MANY HANDSOME GOWNS.
Pretty and Attractive Costumes Worn
by at the Reception.
SACRAMENTO.Jan. 25.- r Mrs. Georjre
V. Pardee appeared in a grown of white
| af p over white brocade, elbow sleeves
ami transparent yoke of the lace, with
.a white aigrette and bow in her hair.
A diamond brooch was the only orna
m< nt.
Mrs. Alden Anderson wore a white
Irish noint lace over lavender chiffon,
with an underslip of lavender taffeta.
r< and Dutch neck finished with lace
n edallions and a necklace; white
aigrette in the hair.
Miss Etta Penniman was attired in a
black spangled net gown over black
: silk, transparent yoke and elbow
'•sleeves, with a black ornament in the
'. hair.
Mrs. Charles M. Belshaw, wife of
.Senator Belshaw, wore a handsome
gown of imported pompadour brocade
•in deep pink morning-glories, made
with a very full round skirt, low neck,
"plbow-length puffed sleeves, trimmed
in bands of Irish lace edged with nar
" row bands of sable. A superb diamond
neclflaoe and pendant were the orna
.ments.
' Mrs. T. J. Kirk, wife of the State Su
■; pcrintendent of Public Instruction,
' wore a champagne colored crepe de
chine trimmed in lace medallions and
• having a transparent yoke.
Mrs. W. W. Shannon, wife of the
State Printer, was attired in black jet
ted net over black silk, transparent
yoke and sleeves, with diamond orna
ments.
Mrs. J. A. McKee, wife of Senator,
9 \ \
McKee, white eolienne trimmed with
white lace.
Mrs. Frank Prescott, wife of Speaker
Prescott of the Assembly, a white pina
cloth over rose-colored silk, trimmed
in white dotted net and black velvet on
the corsage; a transparent yoke of the
net.
Mrs. Victor H. Woods, wife of the
Surveyor General, wore black chiffon
embroidered in white, made over white
silk, transparent yoke; diamonds.
Mrs. J. B. Lauck, wife of the adju
tant general, was attired in a black
spangled net over black silk, transpar
ent yoke and sleeves.
Mrs. Clifford Coggins, wife of Sen
ator Coggins, wore a delicate cham
pagne colored crepe messaline trimmed
in tine white point Venetian lace; dia
mond ornaments.
Mrs. A. B. Nye, wife of the private
secretary to the Governor, appeared in
a light mauve silk crepe over cream
colored silk, yoke of cream-colored lace
and trimmings of the same.
Mrs. N. K. Foster, wife of the secre
tary of the State Board of Health, wore
white silk crepe, with a transparent
yoke and lace medallion trimmings.
Mrs. E. P. Colgan, wife of the State
Controller, wore an amethyst colored
brocade satin, with trimmings of ecru
lace.
Mrs. E. T. W T oodward, wife of Assem
blyman Woodward, was attired in white
crepe de chine, with lace trimmings
and a transparent net yoke.
Mrs. Arthur Bradbury, wife of the
assistant adjutant general, wore black
lace over white silk, low cut corsage,
diamonds.
Mrs. J. E. Terry wore a white silk
gown decollete; real lace bertha and
diamond ornaments.
Mrs. Robert T. Devlin was attired in
a Parisian gown of flame-colored pine
apple cloth, trimmed in white accor
dion pleatings of chiffon and black and
coral beads; with it was worn a white
lace hat.
Mrs. J. W. Hughes wore a red silk
crepe gown.
Mrs. E. C. Hart appeared in black
spangled net over black silk, with
transparent yoke and sleeves.
Mrs. H. Weinstock wore black Chan
tilly Jace over white chiffon, with a
body lining of white silk, made decol
lete.
Mrs. Fred L. Martin was attired in
white Chantilly lace over white chiffon,
underlining of white taffeta, transpar
ent yoke.
Mrs. William H. Devlin wore an im
ported gown of champagne colored net
trimmed with a deep chiffon collar, ac
cordion pleated, of the same shade and
drop ornaments of white and gold; a
light blue chiffon hat accompanied the
costume.
Mrs. W. J. Hassett, wife of the Mayor
of Sacramento, wore pearl gray silk.
Mrs. C. K. McClatchy was attired in
champagne colored crepe de chine
trimmed in lace, with a dash of light
blue: white hat with white plumes.
Mrs. W. H. Waste, wife of Assembly
man Waste, wore gray louisene silk,
white late yoke and trimmings of steel
buckles on black velvet.
Mrs. V. S. McClatchy wore cham
pagne colored crepe de chine, with lace
trimmings of the same color.
Mrs. Alfred Holman wore blue crepe
de chine.
Mrs. C. B. Greenwell, wife of Senator
Greenwell, appeared in white noint
d'esprit over white silk, with a trans
parent lace yoke; ornaments diamonds.
Mrs. W. H. Porterfleld wore a white
silk gown trimmed in Valenciennes lace
insertion.
Mrs. John M. Larkin was attired in
black poie de soie, black and white hat
with black plumes.
MISS LOVELL
TO BE GUEST OF
HONOR AT TEA
Mrs. Mansfield-Lovell will preside at
a tea to-day given to Miss Lovell of
New York. Receiving with Mrs. Mans
neld-Lovell will be Mrs. George A.
Moore, Mrs. Elliott McAllister. Mrs. H.
M. A. Miller, Mrs. William Hinckley-
Taylor, Mrs. H. Boeric've, Mrs. G. Hell
man and Miss Ida Bourn.
• * *
Miss Katherine Johnson of Vancou
ver Harracks will he the guest of Miss
EliKe Gregory at a tea on Saturday,
the 28th.
• • •
Miss Elsie Dorr will be given a lunch
eon by Miss Burnie Owens on February
7. A goodly number of debutantes will
be bidden and the "Cecil" will be gay
with the chatter of a dozen maidens
fair.
• * •
<'aptain and Mrs. Hartz of the Engi
neer Corps entertained at cards infor
mally on Monday evening.
• • *
Mrs. Knos Smith and her niece. Miss
Ida Grace Wastell, will leave next
Wednesday for another European trip.
This follows closely upon the footsteps
of a foreign tour which Mrs. Smith and
Mips Wastell have made very recently,
including a trip down the Nile.
• • •
Mrs. J. D. Bailey, who was to have
entertained at cards last evening, has
deferred the affair until February 8.
«■ * •
Mrs. Young will entertain-the Army
Card Club at her apartments on Van
Ness avenue on January 31.
• * »
Miss Emily Rosenstirn, daughter of
Dr. Julius Rosenstirn, will arrive from
the East to-morrow evening.
• m i
Mrs. Fritz Habenicht's first recep
tion since her return from abroad was
held last Thursday afternoon in her
new home at Chestnut and Hyde
streets. She will receive again this
afternoon.
Rev. Dr. Woodcock a Bishop.
DETROIT, Jan. 25.—Rev. Charles
E. Woodcock, D. D., was to-day conse
crated a Bishop in St. John's Epis
copal Church, where he has been rec
tor for the past Aye years. Bishop
Woodcock has recently been elected
Bishop of the diocese of Kentucky and
will take up his residence at Louis
ville.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JANUARY 26, 1905.
MANY GUESTS
ARE INVITED
TO FUNCTION
All Sections of
trie State Are
Represented.
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 25.—Follow
ing is the list of officials and others
who were the invited guests of Gov
ernor and Mrs. Pardee:
Senators—John M. Anderson. Santa Ana;
Hamilton A. Bauer. San Francisco; Charles M.
Belshaw, Aniloch: Howard A. Broughton. Po
mona; Harry Bunkers. San Francisco; Henry
E. Carter, Los Angeles; Clifford Coggin*. I'M.
Moine; J. B. ('urtin. Sonoia; Marshall Diggs,
Marysville; E. J. Emmons, Hakersfbid: Frank
French. San Francisco; C. Bw,Ol' —ttWetl, Santa
Barbara; Benjamin W. Hahn, Pasadena; Philip
J. Haskins, San Francisco; .John B. Irish,
Downieville; George B. Koane. San Francisco.
Frank W. Leavitt. Oakland: William T. Leeke.
Ontario- G. It. Likens, Oakland; Henry W.
Lynch. Lynch; Frank A. Markey. San Fran
cisco: J. 'J. Mattes Jr., Centerville: James A.
McKee. Sacramento: A. E. Muenter, Stockton;
John H. Nelson, San Francisco; C. W. Pen
dleton, Los Angeles; William <". Ralston, Me
lones: Samuel H. Rambo, Boulder '.'reek; Ches
ter Rowell, Fresno: Benjamin F. Rush Sul
sun; J. B. Sanford. Lklah; William H. Sav
age. San Pedro; Thomas H. Selvage, Eureka:
Charles M. Shortridge. San Jose; M. W. Simp
eon. Alameda; M. L. Ward. Chula Vista;
Richard J. Welch, San Francisco; Edward I.
Wolfe, San Francisco; E. F. Woodward. Santa
Boea; Eli Wright, San Jose.
chaplain of the Senate—Rev. W. 8. Hoc
kinson.
Assembly men—X. R. Amerige, Fullertoß;
Mar<- Anthony. San Francisco; Paul Arnerieh,
Frohm; Thomas E. Atkinson. San Francisco;
F. W. Barnes, Pacific Beach; .[. Citm Bates,
Alameda; It. 1.. Bcardsle*. Stockton; Samuel
H. Beckett. San Francisco, John A. Bliss,
Oakland; Patrick J. Boyle, San Francisco;
Louis P. Branstetter. Ferndale; John J. Burke,
Oakland; Charles O. Bnsicic Sacramento; W,
F. chandler. Fowler; George ( . Cleveland,
Watsonville; Nathan c. (Vghlan. San Fran
cisco; J. B. R. Cooper, Monterey; James L.
Coyle. Hornbrook; J. H. Crelajhton, Redding;
F. A. Cromwell, l'etaluina: John A. Clillen,
San Francisco; Frank R. Devlin. Vallejo;
Jesse R. Dorsey, Bakersfleld; A. M. Drew,
Fresno; Frank Ayr Duryea, Lincoln; Harry
Kile, Stege; It. H. E. ECapey, Oakland; Miguel
Estudillo. Riverside; H. S. Gans, Red Bluff;
Or. W. F. Gates, OroYllle; John A. Goodrich,
Pasadena; Gub Hartmnn, San Francisco; N.
A. Hawkins, Woodland; W. D. 1,. Held,
l'kiah; Fred YV. H.)user, Loa Angeles; Ward
Jarvts. Santa Clara; Warren M. John, San
Luis Obispo; Percy A. Johnson. Fallbrook;
W. A. Johnstone, San Dimas; c. V. Jones,
Sonora; Fred C. Jones, San Francisco.
R. H. Jury. San Mateo; P. S. King, Napa;
Jeremiah Lucey, San Francisco; Aubrey L.
Pxt rville; t\ .1. Lynch, Walsh's
Station; E. T. Manwell. Wheatland: H. 8. G.
McCartney, \jot Angeles: George A. McGowan,
San Francisco; C. H. MeKenney. lone; Francis
Hi Francisco; Fred J. Melncke,
Ban Francisco; William J. Mlndham, San
Francisco: Fayette Miteheltre?, Palo Alto; J.
W. Moore. Undine; Frank J. O'Brien, Sacra
mento; 8. H. Olmsted, San Rafael; David
T. Perkins, Hueneme- Eugene E. Pfaeffle, San
Francisco, Frank J. Prescott, Kedlands; John
F. Pryor. Hantord; E. M. I'yh . S.tnta Bar
| bara, George T. Rolley, Eureka; Fred V. Sev
j era nee, San Francisco; James Slavm, San
j Juan; Philip A. Stanton, Los Angeles; E.
K. Slrobridße. Haywards; Louis Strohl, San
Francisco; Newton W. Thompson. Alhambra;
j .1. P. Transue, '>>s Angeles; E. F. TreadwMl,
, San Francisco: 11. L. Tripp, Santa Rosa: Mcl
Vogel, fcan Fianclsio: Philip M. Walsh, Oak
lard: William H. Waste, Berkeley; Ernest
Weyand, Colusa; E. F. Whiting, Grass Val
ley: W. H Wlckersham, San Pedro.
Chaplain of Assembly, Rev. George C.
King.
Chief Justice Supreme Court W. H.
Beatiy.
Associate Justices—F M. Angellotti, San
Rafael; Lucien Shaw, San Francisco; F. W.
Hcnshaw. San Francisco; W. G. Lorigan. San
Francisco: T. B. MfFarland, San Francisco;
Walter Van Dyke. Oakland.
Clerk of Supreme Court, Frank C. Jordan.
Oakland; deputy, Oscar Tolle. Ban Fran
cisco.
Supreme Court Commission—George H.
Smith, San Francisco; N. P. Chlpman, San
Francisco; Wheaton A. Gray, Berkeley; James
A. Cooper, San Francisco; R. C. Harrison, San
Francisco.
State officers at the Capitol building—A. B.
Nye. J. A. Elston, Alden Anderson, C. F.
Curry. John Hoesch, E. "P. Colgan, W. W.
Douglas Truman Reeves, D. A. Moulton, U.
S Webb. C. N. Post, George A. Sturtevant,
Victor H. Woods. E. P. Hllborn, Thomas J.
Kirk. J- B Lauck, A. W. Bradbury, W. W.
Shannon, John Whicher. *
Railroad Commission —A. C. Irwin, Marys
ville; Adam Andrew. San Francisco; Orrln 8.
T lend(rson. Stockton; Judson C. Brusic, secre
tary San Francisco.
State Board of Equalization—Alexander
Brown, Milton; William H. Alford. Ban Fran
cisco; R H. Beam?r, Woodland: Frank Mattt
son. Santa Cruz; C. M. Colgan, secretary, Sac
ramento.
Library trufctees—A. B. Lemmon, Santa
Rosa: Joseph Steffena, Sacramento: Bradner
W. Lee. Los Angeles; W. C. Van Fleet, Ban
Francisco; Charles S. Greene, Oakland: J. L.
Gillis. librarian, Sacramento; Margaret East
man, deputy. Saciamento: A. J. Pilsbury, Sac
ramento; Clyde L. Seavey. Sacramento.
Bank Commission —•'. H. Dunsmoor, San
Francisco: Herman Silver. Los Angeles; Guy
B. Barhain. Los Angeles; Zoeth S. Eldridge,
San Franciroo; J. Cal Kwing. secretary, Oak
land.
Building and Loan Commission —D. W. Field.
Los Angeles; James L. Fields, secretary, Ala
meda. # ~ , >si- • -
Insurance Commission —4*. Myron Wolf, San
Francisco.
Debris and Public Works—W. W. Waggoner,
Nevada city; Frank D. R>an, Sacramento;
George W. Tatterson. Stockton: George B.
Stack. Sacramento; W. P. Matthews, Sacra
mento: J. J. Campbell. Gait; B. H. Mooney,
Sacramento
State Mining Bureau—Thomas B. Bishop, San
Francisco; Harold T. Power, Bullion; Frank
Monaghan. Santa Ana: Fred B. Harvey, Gait;
J. E. Doollttle. San Francisco.
Stat? Mineralogist, L. E. Aubury, San
Francisco.
Highway Commission—Nathaniel Ellery. Sac
ramento; Clarke Atbertl, Sacramento.
Labor commission- W. V. Stafford, Oakland;
J. M. Esbelman. Berkeley.
Fish Commission • -W. W Van Arsdale, San
Francls<o: W. K. Gerber, Sacramento; Charles
A Vogelsang. San Francisco. 1
Woman's Relief c<.rps Home— Geraldine. E.
Pliable, Palo Alto; Laws J. Robinson, San
Francisco: Sarah J. Farwcil, Oakland: Eliza
beth il'Arcy Kinne, San Francisco; H. Au
gusta Tozer. San Franciso; Iyettie If. Wlnans.
P<t»luma; Cora A. Merritt. Oakland; Elmlra
F West. Stockton/ Vloletta Cook, San Jose;
Rom E. Dorety, Oakland; L. May Eley, San
Jose.
Dairy Veterinarian. Dr. Charles Keane, Sac
ramento.
San Francisco Harbor Commission —Charles
H. Spear, Berkeley; John C. Kirkpatrlck, San
Francisco; John D. Mackenzie. San Jose; John
M. Foy, Berkeley.
San Diego Harbor Commission—Charles W.
•Jesting, San Diego; Eugene de Burn, San
Diego; W. H. Prlngle. San Diego.
Eureka Harbor Commission —W. A. Clarke.
Mayor, Eureka; J. G. Murray, Eureka; John
S. Con nick, Eureka.
Port Warden* —R. E. Nickel. Berkeley;
Charles F. Kennealy. San Francisco; H. A.
Thompson. Alameda; Henry T. Walte. Oak
land
Pilot* Commission Captain M. C. Erskine,
San Francisco; captain B, M. Freeman, Oak
la t,.!; Captain H. '/.. Howard, San Francisco;
Hcftl M. Burke (secretary), San Francis-...
V<.semite Commission- Frank H. Short.
Fresno: John C. Wilson, San Francisco; W.
c, Benshaw, Oakland; W. G. KerokhofT, Eos
Angeles; I'harles Q. Given*, San Francisco;
W. H. Metson, San Francisco; Thomas A.
Herder. Sonora; J. 3, Lermen (secretary). San
Francisco.
Sutter Fort Trustees—W. W. Greer, Oak
Park; William H. IVvlin. Sacramento; G. W.
Vice, Sacramento; W. N. Sacra
mento: Henry I,urste.lt. San Francisco.
State Board of Health — Dr. Martin Regens
burger, San Francisco; Dr. F. K. Alnsworth,
San PraadSCO; Dr. A <?. Hart, Sacramento;
it. O. Stansburjr, chico; Dr. w. A. Briggs,
Sacramento; Dr. N. K. Foster. Sacramento;
Dr. W. I.c Moyne Wills, I.os Angeles.
Superior Jinlges—Hon. E. C. Hart, Sacra
mento; Hon. J. W, HiiKlies. Sacramento; Hon.
P. J. Shields. Sacramen:-..
Mayor —W. «*\ Hassett, Sacramento.
City Council, Sacramento —Albert Elkus,
James Popart, Edward McEwen, George K.
Rider, R. E. Callahan, J. G. Black, S. H.
Farley. John C. Ing, B, J. carragher.
Postmaster -R. M. Richardson. Sacramento.
From the State Hospitals- Dr. J. D. Young,
Stockton: A. W. Hcisholt. Stockton: H. H.
Sanderson. Stockton: Margaret H. Smyth,
Stockton- E. M. Pulsifer. Naps.; T. H. Stlce.
Napa- J E. Cohn. Napa: Myrtle A. Lynn*.
Napa: O. D. Marvin. Agnew; E. A. Kelley,
Agnew; E A. Elster, Ukiah; R. A. I'ush
man I'kiah: David F. Francisco. Patton; E.
Scott Blair, Patto-.
Dental Board—F. G. Baird. San Francisco;
E O. Howard. Eos Angeles; G. A. White.
Santa Barbara; A. B. Mayhew. Palo Alto;
c. A. Herrick. Jackson: J. M. Dunn. San
Francisco: Russell H. Coot, San Francisco.
Veterinary Medical Board—W. E. D. Mor
rison. Eos Angeles; XV. J. Oliver. Eos Ange
les; J J. Streets. Ventura; D. F. Fox. Sac
ramento; E. J. Creeley. San Francisco.
Pharmacy Board—Charles H. Rowley. Santa
Barbara: John Calvert, San Francisco: J. J.
Crowly San Francisco; H. J. Finger, Santa
Barbara: E. J. Molony. San Francisco.
State Board of Education—c. c. Van Eiew,
Chlco; 8. F. Black, San Diego; Frederic Burk,
Pan Francisco; Morris E. Dalley, San Jose;
Benjamin Ide Wheeler. Berkeley; E. E. Brown
Berkeley; J. F. Mlllspaugh. Los Angeles.
State Analyst—W. B. Rising. Berkeley.
State Mineral Cabinet—Harris Welnstock.
Sacramento: J. A. Woodson, Sacramento;
George Pvburn, Sacramento.
State Burial Ground Trustees— Preston L.
Lykens, Sacramento; W. F. Knox Jr.. Sacra
mento. ~ . _
State Board of Agriculture—L. J. Rose, Ox
nard C. W. Paine. Sacramento; F. W. Covey.
Palo' Alto: E. W. Howard. San Francisco;
James Whltaker. Gait: William Land. Sacra
mento; Thomas Fox. Sacramento; J. W. Wil
son Sacramento: William Johnston, Court
land- F H. Burke. San Francisco: George W.
Kingsbury. San Francisco; Al Llndley, secre
tary Sacramenta
Horticultural Board—Ellwood Cooper, Santa
Barbara; E. M. Ehrhorn, San Francisco.
Monterey Custom-house—R. F. Johnson.
Monterey; W. C. Little. Pacific Grove; J. A.
Tresrohy San Lucas.
Redwood Park Commission—W. R. Dudley,
Stanford University; W. H. Mills, San Fran
cisco; H. F. Kron. Santa Cruz.
Optometry Board—H. 8. Cahn, San Fran
cisco: F. C. Chlnn, Sacramento; W. H. Hare,
Salinas. _ '
Board of Charities and Corrections—E. C.
Moore San Francisco; J. K. McLean, Berke
ley; W. C. Patterson, Los Angeles; A. M.
GOVERNOR PARDEE AND WIFE AND THE LADIES WHO ASSISTED THEM
LAST NIGHT IN ENTERTAINING THE MANY GUESTS WHO ATTENDED
THE FIRST OFFICIAL RECEPTION GIVEN IN THE EXECUTIVE MANSION.
Davis. San Francisco; O. K. Cushing, San
Francisco; C. A. Ramm. San Francisco; W.
A. Gates, secretary. San Francisco.
St. Commission —Frank Wiggins, Los
Angeles; J. A. Fllcher. Pan Francisco.
Stati- Board of Accountancy -A. G. Piatt,
San Francisco: Prentiss Maslin. Sacramento;
Lester Herriok. San Francisco; A. Wenzel
burger, San Francisco.
Board of Architecture— Seth Babson. Ala
meda; William Curlett, San Francisco; Lionel
Deans, San Francisco; H. A. Schulze. Oak
land; Clinton Day. Berkeley; Octavius Morgan,
Los Attgeles; F. L. Roehrig, Pasadena; \V. S.
Hebbard. s>an Diego; Sumner P. Hunt, Los
Angeles; John P. Krempel, Los Angeles.
Board of Regents- Rudolph J. Taussig. San
Francisco; F. W. Dohrmann, San Francisco;
Garret W. McEnevney. San Francisco; J. W.
McKinley. Los Angeles; Charles S. Wheeler,
San Francisco: Dr. c. N. Ellinwood, San
Francisco: James A. Waymlre, Alameda;
Charles W. Slack, San Francisco; Rev. Peter
C. Yorke. Oakland: 3. B. Relnstein. San Fran
cisco; Phebe A. Hearst, Verona: John A.
Biitton, San Francisco: John E. Budd, Stock
ton; A. W. Foster, San Rafael; Guy C. Earl,
Oakland: I. W. Hellman, San Francisco; I.
W. Hellman Jr.. San Francisco; Charles E.
Snook. Oakland; Victor H. Henderson,
Berkeley.
Trustees San Jose Normal School—George H.
Mastlck. Alameda; Dr. Thomas Addison,
Berkeley; Dr. P.. K. Dow, San Jose: F. H.
Babn, San Jose;" Frederic W. Hall, Oakland.
Los Angeles Normal—C. D. WUUard, Los
Angeles: K. J. Loots, Los Angeles; John Wes
son, Pomona; J. P. Greeley, Santa Ana; Dr.
L. 8. Thorpe, Los Angeles.
• hico Normal—F. C. Lusk. Chico: T. H.
Barnard. CMco; Richard Belcher. Marysville;
E. B. Edson. Gazelle.
San Diego Normal—George W. Marston. San
Diego; R. M. Power*. San Diego; C. C.
• Tiapman, Fullerton; I. B. Dockweller, Lo»
Angeles.
San Francisco Normal—Frank W. Marston.
San Francisco; Vanderlyn Stow, San Fran
cisco; F. A. Hyde. San Francisco; Hepry G.
W. Dlnkelspiel, San Francisco; S. C. Den
son, San Francisco.
Home for Adult Blind—H. C. Capwell, Oak
land; J. W. Scott. Oakland; Sol Kahn, Oak
land; John P. Irish. Oakland: G. E. Ran
dolph Oakland; Joseph Saunders (superintend
ent). 'Oakland; Dr. H. N. Rowell (physician),
Berkeley; G. S. Meredith (secretary), Oak
land.
Directors of Deaf and Dumb Asylum—A. J.
Ralston. Berkeley; John H. Grlndley, Oak
land; W. W. Garthwaite, Oakland; Waring
Wilkinson, Berkeley ,
Directors Polytechnic School—P. A. Hlhn,
Santa Cruz: p. M. Shackelford. Paso Robles;
E. J. Wickson, Berkeley; Leroy Anderson (di
rector), San Luis Obispo.
Superintendents of State Hospitals—Dr. F.
W. Hatch, Sacramento; C. L. Pardee (secre
tary). Sacramento; John W. Stetson (attorney),
Oakland.
Stockton Hospital Managers—Charles D. Pon
tana. Copperopolls; C. M. Kenlston, Stockton;
Frank E. Stockton; George W. Lan
grldge Stockton: John C. Thompson, Stock
ton; Asa Clark, Stockton.
Napa Hospital Board—E. Z. Hennessey,
Napa; R. M. Swain, Santa Rosa: F. W. Bush,
Napa; Max Goldberg, San Francisco; Elmer
Stone, Napa.
Agnews Hospital Board—lsaac Lpham, San
Francisco; J. K. Wilson. San Francisco; A.
Greeninger. San Jose; O. A. Hale. San Jose:
Edward White, Watsonvllle; Leonard Stocking,
Agnews.
Southern California- Hospital Board—E. P.
Clarke, Riverside; George P. Adams, Los An-
Seles- John McGonlgle, Ventura; J. W. A.
ff. Los Angeles; H. B. Wilson, Redlands;
A B. Williamson, Patton.
Mendocino Hospital Board—H. A. Hoch
helmer Willows: E. B. Martlnelll, San Ra
fael; T. A. Templeton. Ukiah; B. Fehnemann,
San Francisco; A. B. Truman. San Francisco;
E. W. Kin*. Uklah.
Home for Feeble-Minded—R. A. Poppe. So
noma: William Thomas, San Francisco: Rev.
A. C. Bane, San Francisco; C. E. Haven,
Santa Rosa: Rev. William Eyone, Menlo Park;
William J. D. Dawson. Eldrldge.
Board of Veterans' Home—-W. L. Duncan. San
Francisco; S. J. Loop. Alameda; W. J. Rud
dick. San Francisco; General George Stone.
San Francisco: General S. W. Backus, San
Francisco: <\ H. Bllnn, San Francisco; Sol
• "alien. San Francisco; J. C. Currier, San
Francisco; George W. Strohl, Napa; John F.
Sheehan (secretary), San Francisco: command
ant, George W. Waltz, Vountville.
Prison Directors —R. M. Fitzgerald. Oak
land; James H. Wilkins, San Rafael; Don
Ray, Gait: O. N. Felton. San Francisco: Rob
ert T. Devlin, Sacramento; Warden, J. W.
Tompkins, San Quentln; Warden, Archibald
Yell, Folsom.
Whlttier State School Board—Dr. Walter
Lindley, Los Angeles; James Clarke, Pasa
dena; T. E. Newlln, I/Ojt Angeles; Sherman
Smith. Whlttier.
Preston School Board—C. H. Dutton, Slat-
Ins 1 ton; E. C. Voorheis, Sutter Creek; Rev.
W. S. Matthew, Berkeley; W. J. Randall,
lone.
Guardian Marshall monument, James A.
White, Placervllle.
Code Commissioner, John F. Davis, San
Francisco.
Pilot Commission, San Diego—W. Frank
Abrahams. San Diego; Captain John Hamilton,
Wilmington; Captain W. R. Farnsworth, San
Dle<ro.
("hief Clerk of Assembly, Clio Lloyd, Sacra
mento.
Secretary of Senate, Lewis A. Hllborn, Sac
ramento.
Representatives in Congress—J. N. Gillette,
Eureka; D. E. McKinlay. San Francisco; J.
R. Knowland. Alameda; Julius Kahn. San
Francisco; E. A. Hayes, San Jose; J. C. Need
ham, Modesto; James McLachlan, Pasadena:
8. C Smith, Bakerstleld.
United States Senators —George C. Perkins.
Oakland; Thomas R. Bard, Hueneme; Frank
P. Flint, Los Angeles.
From SUte Militia, colonels—Hugh T. Slme,
Pan Francisco; George H. Plppy, Ban Fran
cisco; Francis E. Beck, San Francisco; D. D.
Crowley. Oakland; Thomas Wllhelm, San
Francisco.
Lieutenant colonels—Robert J. Northam, Los
Angeles; Samuel J. Hendy, San Francisco;
Kiel D. Robbtns Sr., Sulsun; Robert Wieneke.
San Francisco; Frank M. Chapman, Covins;
Henry de H. Waite. Berkeley; A. P. Hodges,
San Francisco; J. B. Lankershlm, Los An
geles* Dlademus Dom, San Francisco; Harvey
D. Loveland, San Francisco; W. S. Killings
worth, Vacaville; Charles Sonntag, San Fran
cisco; W. H. Bullen, Los Angeles: Theodore H.
Miner, Areata.
General officers—Major General John H.
Dickinson, San Franclaco.
Brigadier generals—Robert Wankowskl. Los
Angeles; R. H. Warfleld, San Francisco; M.
W. Muller. Fresno.
Division staff—Colonel Charles J. Evans. San
Franclaco.
Lieutenant colonels—T. Wain-Morgan Draper,
San Franclaco: John A. Koater, San Francisco:
Fred J. H. Rlckon, San Franclaco; Adolpli
Huber. San Francisco; A. B. C. Dohrmann,
San Franclaco: Harry B. Hosmer, San Fran
cisco; J. J. Dwyer, San Franclaco; Louis Bar
rere, San Francisco; Charles L. Hewea, San
Francisco.
Majors—Lionel S. Schmltt, San Franclaco;
Norrls K. Davis, San Franclaco.
First Brigade staff—Lieutenant colonel, Wil
liam G. Schrieber, Loa Angelea.
Majors—John H. Dockweller. Loa Angelea;
William D Stephena. Los Angelea: Oscar Law
lor. Los Angeles: James H. Campbell, Pasa
dena; George E. Lawrence, Loa Angeles.
FILCHER TELLS
OF A SURPLUS
Commission to St. Louis
Has $6000 in Coin to
Turn Back to the State
a
Commissioner J. A. Filcher reports
that the California Commissioners to
the St. Louis Exposition will have a
balance of cash unexpended, amount
ing to about $6000, to turn back into
the State treasury from the $130,000 ap
propriated by the Legislature for ad
vertising the State at St. Louis. In ad
dition to this the Commissioners have
exhibit material that cost $14,000 in
readiness to show at the Lewis and
Clark Exposition at Portland this year.
This has been removed to Portland and
is stored there ready for installing as
soon as the California building is con
structed.
Practically all the educational ex
hibit of the State that was displayed
at St. Louis is at Portland, says Fil
cher. The mining exhibits that are
there assembled include samples of all
the mineral products of the State and
amount in bulk to about thirty-five
tons. The forestry exhibit material
was nearly all removed from St. Louis
to Portland. The Commissioners
bought and have gold nuggets to con
siderable value that are safely stored
and are ready to be put in the show
when the time comes.
The material that the University of
California had on show at St. Louis is
available and can be had for Portland.
A part of the State agricultural and
horticultural show from St. Louis is
also at Portland. The accounts of the
State at the St. Louis Exposition are
not completely wound up, but Filcher
Is sure that at least $6000 in coin will
remain to be covered back into the
State treasury when all bills are sea
tled.
The New Drama.
A lecture on "The New Drama," tjt
written by Sudermann, Halbe, Ku*»
mansthal and others, the fourth of a
series of German lectures by Dr. Ju
lius Goebel of Stanford University,
will be delivered to-night in Century
Hall. These high class literary ef
forts have attracted many of the Ger
man resdents of this city to the tall:
also many who are students of the
German language.
Captains—Albert B. Gazzolo, Ban Bernar
dino.
Second Brigade ataff— Lieutenant colonel, J.
F. Burgin. San Franclaco.
Majors—John H. Hendy, San Franclaco;
Samuel L. Naphtaly, San Francisco; Joslah R.
Howell, San Franclaco; Theodore J. Savage,
San Francisco; H. E. Oirzon, San Franclaco;
P'.iilip J. Perkina. San Franclaco.
Captaina— Philip L. Bush. San Franclaco;
Richard E. Warfleld. San Franclaco.
Third Brigade staff—Lieutenant colonel.
Theodore J. Hay, Fresno.
Majors—Jacob W. Kearth, Colusa; Joseph
E. Terry, Sacramento: W. W. Phillips, Fresno;
W. D. Crlchton. Fresno; Frank Z. Pirkey, Co
lu.sa. Fred L, Martin. Sacram-nto.
Captains—William H. Harris. Fresno.
From the preae of Sacramentrj—Alfred Hol
man. Franklin Hichborn. The Union; Charles
K. McClatchy. Valentine S. McClatchy and
William A. Lawson. Evening Bee: W. H. Por
terfleld. Evening Star; Emmett Phillips, John
A. Sheehan, Sunday Ncwa; John N. Larktn.
Sunday Leader.
It Is easier to be satisfied with your
self than it Is to satisfy others.
34
SENATOR WRIGHT FAVORS FREE SCHOOL BOOKS FOR ALL PUPILS
PROPOSES AN AMENDMENT
TO STATE CONSTITUTION
.Manufacturers File
: Protest With the
Senate.
a
Oppose Giving More
Power to Inter
state Body.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' SACRAMENTO, Jan. 25.—Surprise
was created in the Senate this morning
when a resolution from the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association of
•California was received protesting
against any action on the part of the
Legislature tending to vest the Inter
state Commerce Commission with the
arbitrary right to make rates. The as
sociation, In its communication, says
that such action would not be to the
advantage of business and that the in
terests of the coast will be best sub
served by leaving the authority to
make rates where it now stands.
; The association suggests, however,
that the Interstate Commerce Com
mission be increased to seven mem
bers, one new member to come from
the East, the other from the West. The
law under which the commission is now
operating, the communication con
cludes, is proper if proper measures be
taken to expedite appeals, which would
contemplate the establishment of a
court of transportation, whose decrees
would be final except in cases In which
constitutional questions were Involved.
The. communication was ordered on file
to be printed in the journal.
A resolution was offered by Senator
Keane this morning to amend section
8 of article 11 of the State constitution
relating to city charters, providing
that it shall be mandatory upon Boards
•of Supervisors to submit to the voters
any proposed charter amendments
•w:hen the same have been presented by
•a petition signed by fifteen (15) per cent
of the qualified electors of, the munici
palities wherein they reside, nd pre
scribing that charters may be amended
at intervals of not less than twenty
three .months instead of two years as
under the present law. This will obviate
the objection raised in a recent Su
preme Court decision, which held that
two complete years must elapse before
amendments can be voted for at suc
ceeding periods, as the days of gen
eral elections occur on the first Tues
day after the first Monday in Novem
ber, which frequently does not allow
the full expiration of the two-year
terms.
! A further advantage is gained in this
respect, that charter amendments do
hot become operative until ratification
by the Legislature and these changes
permit nmendments'to be approved by
the people on the same days that can
didates for the Legislature are elected,
thereby allowing the r nendments to be
acted upon at the session immediately
succeeding the election.
SALARIES OF GUARDS.
. Senator Keane also introduced a bill
■providing for the increase of salaries
of guards at the State prisons from
$600 to $900 a year.
Another bill relating to the prisons
was prosented by Belshaw. It Is an
amendment of the bill presented in
1903 by Grove L. Johnson providing
for the establishment of a California
Relief Committee, the duty of which
shall be to oversee, guide and provide
employment for men that have been
discharged from the prisons of the
State after the expiration of their
terms. The bill was referred to the
committee on Prisons and Reforma
tories.
The bill providing for the granting
by California to the Federal Govern
ment of the right to drain the Klamath
Basin Lakes, in connection with its
reclamation work, and to cede to the
Government the beds of such lakes for
storage and irrigation purposes was
finally passed, but not until after
Senator Emmons had filed a petition
signed by some scores of citizens of
Hanford and Los Angeles asking that
the bill be defeated as they are pre
paring to reclaim the lake beds at their
own expense. After the passage of the
bill Emmons moved for a reconsidera
tion, which was granted, the bill re
taining its place on the file. Before
the bill is again taken up the purposes
of the petitioners will be looked into.
A novel scheme to pay for the work
of correcting the channels of the Sacra
mento and San Joaquin rivers and
reclaiming the inundated lands of
their basins is advanced in a communi
cation received this morning from the
California Miners' Association. The
association asks that the Legislature
enact a law providing for the volun
tary conveyance to the State by pres
ent owners or the acquirement by the
State by process .of eminent domain
of all the Inundated lands, the same,
after their reclamation, to be leased by
-the State, the accruing rents to be
utilized for the payment of the work
of reclamation. The communication
was referred to the Committee on
Swamp and Overflowed Lands. The "ac
tion thus proposed is but a new appli
cation of the Federal irrigation law.
which is operating with cuccess.
RELIEF FOR GAS CONSUMERS.
In compliance with a resolution
Introduced by Senator Carter, the
scorrs emulsion.
SCOTT'S EMULSION
- We don't put Scott's Emul
sion in the class of advertised
cure-alls; it doesn't belong
there. We hardly like to use
the word "cure at all, but we
are bound to say that it can be
used for a great many troubles
with great satisfaction. Its
special function is to repair
the waste of the body when
tbe ordinary food does not
nourish, and this means that
it is useful in many cases
which are indicated by wast
ing.
We'll send you a sample free.
SUV 11 m UOWHM, 409 Pearl Smm*. Mow Yacfe,
Ist .. .. <• •; •• ■ ■ . »
ONE OF SAN FRANCISCO'S REPRESENTATIVES IN THE LOWER HOUSE OF
THE STATE LEGISLATURE AND TWO MEMBERS' " fflOT INTERIOR
COUNTIES WHO ARE TAKING AN ACTIVE PART IN PROCEEDINGS.
President of the Senate appointed
a committee this morning to in
vestigate ' the financial system of
the University of California. Carter
was appointed chairman of the com
mittee and will be aided In his investi
gations by Lukens, Selvage, Leeke and
Sanford. The committee will take up
Its work next week.
Senator Welch introduced a bill that
will Interest every consumer of gas In
the State. It provides that upon appli
cation all gas and electric lighting
companies shall install pipes or con
duits without charge to the consumer
or deposit by him when the residence
of such consumer shall be within 300
feet of the main pipes or conduits of
such lighting companies. The bill fur
ther provides that the companies shall
cause to be published a complete list,
for eight weeks of each year, of all
persons from whom they have exacted
deposits for meters or other installa
tions, the object being to thus deter
mine whether or not the companies are
living up to the preceding provisions of
the law.
Here is a proposed amendment to the
constitution of the State, proposed by
Senator Wright, that will receive the
approval of the parents of the State. It
provides for the issuance to all school
children of all books required by the
various courses of study without
charge. There have been many hard
fought battles over the question of free
school books, but Senator Wright says
this fact does not daunt him and he is
sure of the support of both houses at
the present session.
The last bill on the file taken up for
final action to-day is that providing for
the decent burial by the various Boards
of Supervisors of all ex-soldiers of the
United States. It passed without a dis
senting voice.
Senator E. L Wolfe of San Francisco
presented In the upper house to-day a
bill providing for the amendment of the
election law In relation to registry and
the counting of ballots. This is the bill
that raised a storm when presented by
Atkinson in the Assembly yesterday, it
being apparent that it held a "bug."
When Wolfe heard this afternoon thai
objections had been raised to the bill
he announced that he would withdraw
It to-morrow. He explained that the bill
had been Introduced by him upon re
quest and that he did not look over it
carefully, leaving this work for the
committee. He said he would save the
committee this work, however, by with
drawing the bill and seeing that it is
put in proper shape before it is again
offered.
PROTECTION FOR CHILDREN.
Measures Looking Toward Their Re
lief Introduced in Senate.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 26.—The chil
dren of California will receive the full
est attention of the present Legislature.
Measures looking to their protection
have been introduced in the Senate by
Lukens of Alameda, at the instance of
M. J. White, secretary of the Califor
nia Society for the Prevention of Cruel
ty to Children. Though the measures
take a wide range the most interest
ing is that making the sale of infants
a felony. That marts where children
are bartered away for gold exist in all
of the large cities of the State, partic
ularly San Francisco, is well known, 1
but by various subterfuges the guilty
have generally escaped punishment.
The proposed law td do away with this I
inhuman practice, the tiny victim gen- 1
erally being of illegitimate parentage, I
is as follows:
Any person who willfully sells or offers to
sell an infant, child or human being; or any !
person who in any manner or under any pre
tense or claim gives away, parts with, in- !
dentures or disposes of an Infant, child or!
human being for money, goods, favor or con- '
sioeratlon or promise of consideration of any \
kind whatsoever: or any person who In any I
manner or under any pretense or claim will- |
fully offers to give away, part with, indenture .
ar to dispose of an infant, child or human
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, JANUARY 2C>, 1905.
being for money, goods, favor or consideration
or promise of consideration of any kind what
soever Is guilty of a felony and upon oon
viction shall be punished by Impritonment In
the State prison not longer than ten years.
Another bill aimed to prevent the
abuse of children on the stage of pub
lic theaters was Introduced by Sena
tor Lukens. It is said that the pro
posed measure has the unqualified In
dorsement of the legitimate theater
managers of the State and that en
forcement of its provisions will fall
heaviest on the keepers of penny shows,
exhibitors of montrosities and theater
men of like ilk. The feature of the
bill is that it makes the Mayor of
every city or the President of the Board
of Trustees of every township the
judge as to what child should be al
lowed to perform and to regulate the
number of times such child shall play
and the duration of performances.
*
TONTINE SYNDICATES.
Senate Committee on Commissions
and Retrenchments Investigates,
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 25.—The Sen
ate Committee on Commisslojis and
Retrenchments has decided that the
Bardwell-Ford syndicate of San Fran
cisco, of which J. S. Joselyn is the
head, the firm having succeeded the
discredited Guarantee Investment
Company, Is not operating upon legal
lines and will so report to the Senate
to-morrow. Another tontine syndi
cate of San Francisco, of which one
Gunsberger is the manager, Is under
Investigation to-night and will be re
ported upon later. After the Investi
gation has been completed It is an
nounced that a bill wlii be drafted
which will put all firms that are
found to be operating illegally out of
business. It was also announced to
night that the investigation of the af
fairs of the Continental Building and
Loan Association of San Francisco
will begin to-morrow, the principal
aim being to determine the solvency
of the corporation and the alleged of
fenses of William Corbin, its secre
tary and manager. The investigation
will be open.
SOUTHLAND CORPORATION
IS VERY BADLY DISRUPTED
President Is a Fugitive, One Director
Is In Jail, While Still Another
Is a Suicide.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 25.—With its
president a fugitive, one member of Its
directorate in Jail convicted of larceny,
another director dead by his own
hfinds, a fourth believed to be a fic
titious person and the fifth unable to
be located, the original directorate of
the Southern California Trust Com
pany, a seemingly regularly incorpor
ated institution, is sadly disrupted.
The company was organized several
months ago and from the number of
its creditors, who are now clamoring
for information as to the money they
invested, It appears to have transacted
a large business. It had a suite of of- I
flees in the Braly building and its big- 1
geet bid for business was the sale of
numerous lots in San Diego on the in
stallment plan. What the present con
dition of its finances may be can only
be conjectured, for inquiry at the of
fices elicits only the information that
the officers are out.
Committee Favors Normal School Bill
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 25.—The As
sembly bill presented by McGowan,
appropriating- $150,000 for the Normal
School In San Francisco, took another
important step to-day toward becom
ing a law when the Ways and Means
Committee of the Assembly decided to
report it favorably. It has already
been approved by the Assembly Com
mittee on Education and has been
passed by the Senate. i
ROW ENLIVENS
THE ASSEMBLY
San Francisco's Delegation
Is Divided on Bill Relating
to the Assessment Maps
TAX COLLECTOR VICTOR
Measure Directing Assessor
to Furnish Him Desired
Data Passes Lower House
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 25.—The As
sembly was enlivened this morning by
a rumpus over Assembly bill No. 121,
by Atkinson, providing that the maps
made annually by the Assessor pf the
City of San Francisco from the block
book in his office shall be turned over
to the Tax Collector each year atter use
has been made of them by the Asses
sor. There was a division of the San
Francisco delegation over the bill,
which is local to the metropolis. It is
always a matter of pleasure to the
members from the interior when the
representatives from the metropolis
fail out. They like a situation where
they can sway the destinies of San
Francisco's own measures.
The bill in question was passed at
yesterday morning's session, but
Treadwell gave notice that he would
move for a reconsideration to-day. This
he did and made a speech, which devel
oped the fact that there is a merry row
on between San Francisco's Assessor
and her Tax Collector over this seem
ingly trivial, matter, the disposition of
the annual assessment maps. The bat
tle has been fought out on the floor of
the Assembly and there the Tax Collec
tor has won. It was hinted during the
fight that the title insurance companies
ot San Francisco were interested.
SPEAKS FOX THE ASSESSOR.
"After the adjournment yesterday,"
said Treadwell, when the matter was
taken up this morning, "1 received a
telegram from Washington Dodge*. As
sessor of San Francisco, asking that he
be given a hearing on the bill before it
was finally passed. This bill provides
for the turning over to the Tax Collec
tor of the maps showing the location of
realty in San Francisco, taking away
from the Assessor's office what repre
sents the work of forty or fifty years."
Anthony said the transfer of the
maps would entail great expense.
"It appears that Mr. Treadwell has in
mind," replied- Atkinson, "the block
books kept permanently in the office of
the Assessor. The maps we want turn
ed over to the Tax Collector are not the
ones he refers to at all. The bill con
templates only those maps which are
made annually from the block book
and which the Assessor changes annu
ally by merely making erasures. The
Tax Collector handed me the bill, say
ing his records were not now complete.
He gets the assessment roll and other
data, but he needs these maps also. I
have experted the office of the Assessor
at various times for years and am fa
miliar with it. The other gentlemen,
who are opposing this measure, know
little about it."
"It seems the bill before us states
only the Tax Collector's side," said
Cromwell. "I think the Assessor should
be allowed to make his statement."
"The gentleman from San Francisco
says we know nothing about this bill,"
said Treadwell, "and yet he asks us to
pass it. What is wanted by those be
hind it is that the State of California
and the city of San Francisco shall
bear an expense that should fall cm
title insurance companies."
After some further discussion the roll
was called on a motion to reconsider,
which was lost by a vote of 37 for and
22 against, it requiring a majority of
all the members to carry such a mo
tion.
FIGHT GOES TO SENATE.
The bill now stands passed in the As
sembly and the fight between San
Francisco's Assessor and her Tax Col
lector over the annual realty maps will
be transferred to the Senate, which
must also pass the bill before It can go
to the Governor.
The bill providing how election bal
lots shall be counted, that was handed
Atkinson by the Registrar's office in
San Francisco for introduction and
and which, when it came up yesterday
for final passage was held over because
a noxious insect was discovered in its
folds, was finally passed this morning
with an amendment made by Atkinson
that covered the objection. The bill as
passed provides, as did the original
law, for the placing of the Initials of
election officers on the backs of ballots
for purposes of Identification.
The 'Assembly failed to pass Beards
lee's measure providing that a wife's
separate property shall be responsible
for debts incurred by her husband for
the necessaries of life while they were
living together as man and wife. The
author gave notice of reconsideration.
Gates' measure permitting School Su
perintendents of two or more counties
to call joint teachers' institutes was so
passed by the Assembly.
Slavin's joint resolution memorializ
ing the Federal Government to set
aside a tract of land including the Pin
nacles, in San Benito County, aa a na
tional park was unanimously adopted.
The Committee on Agriculture re
ported in favor of the passage of John
stone's bill providing an appropriation
for an agricultural farm. At the same
time the Committee on Education re
ported favorably the bill presented by
Hawkins for the same purpose.
INTERSTATE COMMERCE
COMMISSION'S TROUBLES
Witnesses Refuse to Give Testimony
That Might Incriminate
Themselves.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—Judson C.
Clements, a member of the Interstate
Commerce Commission, replying before
the House Committee on Interstate and
Foreign Commerce to-day to a state
ment which he said had been made to
the effect that the commission had not
endeavored to enforce the provisions of
the law, said that it waa strange that
this should be said by people who have
violated the law.
He called attention to the investiga
tion instituted by the commission in the
matter of grain rates and packing
house products and the injunction pro
ceedings which resulted against the
carriers. The result had been, he said,
that the giving of rebates and devia
tion from published rates In the form
of rebates practically had disappeared.
He spoke of the difficulties experi
enced by the commission In obtaining
testimony because of the refusal of wit
nesses to testify, on the ground that to
do so would be to Incriminate them
selves.
BAMBERG, Jan. 25.—Most Rev.
Joseph yon Schrock, Archbishop of
■■inberg, is dead.
CITIES GIVEN
LARGER POWER
Territory Now Embraced in
Corporate Limits May Be
Excluded by Popular Vote
SHARING INDEBTEDNESS
•
Section Cut Off to Assist
in Paying Outstanding
Bills Against Municipality
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 25.—Among
the interesting Assembly bills intro
duced to-day is one by Wlckersham
providing for the exclusion by popu
lar vote of territory already embraced
in the corporate limits of a municipal
ity. The bill provides that the resi
dents of the territory so excluded shall
still be responsible for their share of
any Indebtedness of the city incurred
while they were included in It and
that the city shall have the power to
tax their property for that purpose
until such debt is paid.
McGowan presented a bill aimed to
elevate the profession of nursing by
providing that all those who are grad
uates of some hospital or training
school for nurses that may be ap
proved by the regents of the State
University may be registered by the
regents and given official license as
accredited nurses. It Is provided also
that # the regents shall select five upon
examination from those so registered
to constitute an examining board and
that all nurses, excepting those who
graduated subsequent to the passage
of the act, who wish to become ac
credited must undergo an examination
by this board. The bill does not pro
hibit any one from nursing for hire,
but provides that none not registered
shall style themselves registered
nurses.
Burke introduced a bill making it
unlawful to run trains or even light
engines out of railroad yards without
full train crews. The measure also
provides that one additional brake
man shall be carried for every ten
cars over thirty-five on a freight
train.
Amerige presented a bill making
the act of boycotting a misdemeanor.
a
RECLAMATION MEASURES.
Congressman-Elect McKlnlay Will
Urge Their Immediate Passage.
. SACRAMENTO, Jan. 25.—Congress
man-elect McKlnlay of the Second
District is in town as a proponent of
the measures that will be introduced
in the Senate to-morrow or Friday,
providing for the raising of $24,000,
--000 to be used for the reclamation of
the inundated lands of the San Joa
quin and Sacramento basins. Mc-
Kinlay said to-night that he was go
ing to use every endeavor to secure
the passage of this bill, and also to
secure Congressional relief, because if
the great reclamation plan Is carried
through it will mean that lands ca
pable of maintaining 10,000,000 peo
ple will be recovered for the use of the
people of the State. The great pro
blem of California, he said in conclu
sion, is to Increase its population. No
better plan could be devised than to
reclaim these rich lands and place
them at the disposal of the tillers of
the soil.
DEMENTED MOTHER TRIES
TO KILL HER CHILDREN
Loads Revolver With, Wrong Style of
Cartridges and Uvea of Little
Ones Are Saved.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 25.—0n1y her
Ignorance of the use of firearms pre
vented a demented mother from mur
dering her five children and taking her
own life to-day, and to prevent the
possibility of a second attempt on her
part the authorities to-night took the
children from her and placed her
where she will be properly cared for.
The mother is Mrs. Jane Washington
(colored), who has worked for some of
the best known families of this city,
among whom she is regarded as being
above the average of persons of her
station in life. This afternoon she ap
proached a policeman and, showing
him a revolver, asked him why it
would not shoot. The weapon was in
perfect condition, but the officer found
that it was loaded with rim-fire
cartridges instead of those of central
fire and with such cartridges the re
volver was useless. In response to the
questions of the officer the woman
finally admitted that she had made
repeated attempts to Are the weapon
at her children and she wanted to know
how to shoot it. An investigation
showed that she had used half a box
of cartridges, not one of which had ex
ploded and this only had prevented a
tragedy. The officers found the woman's
five children locked in a room and the
eldest told how the mother had re
peatedly stood them in line and snap
ped the revolver at them.
The mother told a rambling story,
but the burden of it was that she had
been told that her husband, who is in
a hospital, would die before the end of
the week and she had decided to send
the children to heaven so that he
would meet them there and then she
intended to take her own life- so as to
join them. The woman's mind had
given away under the burden of
trouble. Her husband's illness had
taken the money which should have
gone for food and the family had had
nothing to eat for several days except
what neighbors had given them. The
children were taken In charge by the
Humane Society and the mother prop
erly cared for.
FINED ONE DOLLAR
FOR KILLING A MAN
Edward Geneau Given light Penalty
In Honolulu for Murder of
"Useless" Harris.
HONOLULU. Jan. 25. — Edward
Geneau, master at arms of the United
States gunboat Wheeling-, who waa
charged with murder in the first de
gree for the shooting of a negro prize
fighter, "Useless" Harris, in June last,
after the latter had assaulted him in
a saloon, and who on Monday was
found guilty of manslaughter in the
third degree, with a recommendation
for leniency, was to-day fined (1 by
Judge de Bolt of the Supreme Court.
The decision was received with en
thusiastic cheers, by the spectators.
The extreme penalty under the verdict
was imprisonment for five years.'
WASHINGTON. Jan. 25.—Tha Board of In
dian Commissioners, in annual session here,
has prepared a bill for introduction - In Con
gress at this session providing for the allot
ment to the creditor Indians individually of
the Indian tribal trust funds now held In the
treasury. These funds aggregate approxi
mately 180,000,000.
SCHOOL OFFICIALS OPPOSE
APPORTIONMENT BILL
Visit Sacrament© to Fight
the Proposed Measure. *
♦
IS NOT FAIR TO THIS CITY
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 25.—A delega- ■
tion of San Francisco school officials
reached here this afternoon to opposej
the bill introduced by Rowell in the
Senate and Slavin in the Assembly
providing that the apportionment of
State school money shall be made on a
basis of $300 to the teacher instead of
the number of school children as at
present. In the party were Superin
tendent of Schools Lajigdon, School
Director Roncovieri and Principal Ce
cil Mark of the Crocker Grammar
School. Dr. d'Ancona, chairman of j
the finance committee of the Board of j
Supervisors, came up on the evening ,
train to help out.
Langdon, Roncovieri and Mark
talked to many legislators during the J
afternoon and explained to them the i
loss—s2ls,ooo—San Francisco would
sustain if the bill became a law.
Though the city pays $1,300,000 of State
taxes she gets but $865,000 of It back In
school money on the apportionment
made on the basis of the number of
pupils.
Another joint meeting of the Senate
and Assembly committees on education
was called for to-night at State Super
intendent Kirk's office, but there was |
not a quorum of either committee and
no action was taken. Senators Rowell,
Keane and Wolfe and Assemblymen
Bates, Jones of San Francisco, Anthony,
Chandler add Atkinson were there to
meet the San Francisco visitors. It
was pointed out by tne latter that If
the Supervisors of San Francisco were
unable to make up the the
proposed law would create, teachers'
salaries in the metropolis would have
to be cut or the Bchool term shortened.
Attention was also called to the fact
that hundreds of San Francisco census
school children are maintained at paro
chial and private schools and that
their parents have to pay the State
tax without deriving any benefit.
Alameda and Los Angeles would
also suffer under the proposed law, as
they are in a similar position to that
of San Francisco.
Another meeting of the committees
will be held to-morrow night. It is
thought a compromise measure will be
agreed upon.
• 1 —
PETROLEUM INDUSTRY.
Bill Is Introduced in Assembly Pro
viding for State Refinery.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 26.—The most
radical bill pertaining to the oil indus
try that has been introduced before
this Legislature made its appearance
to-day. It is a bill by Assemblyman
John of San Luis Obispo, providing for
the establishment of a State refinery
to refine oil for public institutions as
the word refine is applied to the prepar
ing crude petroleum for various uses."
It is also provided that the "surplus so
refined shall be sold to the best ad
vantage."
The bill simply aims to place the
business of oil refining in the hands of
the State of California, It names a
commission to be composed of the Gov
ernor, Surveyor General and the man
ager of the refinery, the latter to be ap
pointed by the Governor, and shall re
ceive a salary of $5000 a year. The
manager, it is set forth, shall take
steps as soon as appointed to secure a
site, either by purchase or donation,
and also to acquire water rights and
producing oil wells and shall lay and
operate pipe when the refinery shall be
established. All purchases made by
him shall be approved by the rest of
the commission before they shall be
valid.
An appropriation of $250,000 is pro
vided to build and equip the refinery.
The purchase of the oil refined by
the State for the use of public institu
tions is made mandatory upon the
managers of such institutions.
It is provided that the manager of
the refinery may be removed for cause
approved by the Chief Justice of the
State Supreme Court or any Judge of
the District Court of Appeals in the dis
trict where the refinery may be located.
The bill if it becomes a law will go
into effect under a clause it contains
on January 1, 1906.
SALARIES OF JUDGES.
Burke of Alameda Throws Down
Gauntlet to San Franciscans.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 25.—Burke of
Alameda has thrown the gauntlet
squarely at the feet of the San Fran
cisco delegation in the matter of the
projected raise of salaries of San
AILING WOMEN
Are greatly benefited by taking a few
doses of the Bitters, especially in cases
of monthly Irregularities, or general
weakness. It has a wonderful toning and
strengthening effect on their weak or
fans and never fails to give satisfaction,
lundreds of women use
JW Hostetter's
JjH Stomach
Bitters
fiEI STOMLACH ] to the of
Private ""'"stsjnp
Ue? r De ° ° bQt "
CARTERS! cure sick headache.
Vittle Genuine Must Bear
I pills* Fac-Simile- Signature
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Francisco Superior Judges hy intro
ducing a bill in the Assembly provid
ing for a raise of the Loa Angeles and
the Alameda Superior Judges as well
as those of San Francisco. His meas
ure provides for an Increase from
$4000 to $5000. instead of $6000, as
wished by the San Franciscans for
their judiciary.
The bill fixes the rate of compensa
tion in many other counties. It pro
vides that the Honor of Alpine, who
ever he may be, shall gather to his
craggy nest the sum of $2000 annu
ally. In the $4000 list are placed San
Joaquin. Santa Clara, Santa Cruz, San
Mateo, Yuba, Sutter, Sacramento.
Butte, Nevada. Sonoma, Colusa, Mon
terey, San Luis Obispo. Shasta, Siski
you, Santa Barbara, San Diego, Marin,
Mendocino, Tehama, San Bernardino,
Kern, Placer, Humboldt, Tulare, Fres
no, Solano, Yolo and Contra Costa
counties. Many of these are in the
$3000 class now, but the Judges of
some of them already receive $4000.
In the $3500 class are placed Ama
dor, Calaveras, Stanislaus, Bl Dorado
and Tuolumne counties.
It looks as if the San Francisco del
egation would have to stand for the
raises in Los Angeles and Alameda, at
least, if it wishes to get an increase for
its own Judges. As a concession it
may get the $6000 stipend asked for.
Beardslee of San Joaquin intro
duced a bill providing that one addi
tional Superior Judge be added to the
bench of San Joaquin, which now has
two. This puts the San Joaquin dele
gation into the salary fight.
The bill providing for an increase in
the bench of Los Angeles of three Su
perior Judges has passed the Senate,
but is still on the third reading or
final passage file of the Assembly.
Favors Anti-Trading Stamp Bill.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 26.—Senator
Keane's anti-trading stamp bill re
ceived a unanimous recommendation
for passage by the Senate Judiciary
Committee to-day, after an extended
discussion of its legal and practical
merits. The validity of the bill Is
based upon the provisions of section
26, article IV. of the State constitu
tion, prohibiting lotteries or gift en
terprises, or the issuance of tickets for
such purposes.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I WILL GIVE $1000
**AM 'Law If I fail to cars any
PP% CANCER
41 or Tumor I treat
Rfeav ' Imma bsfors It poisons
7 *fv No Xaifel NoPaiot
£7 No Pay Until Cared
,fln 80 years I have cared more
* ~ ft cancers than any other doctor
I living. No X Ray or other swln
1 die- INVCBTKLATK
Egfe- My Absolut* GiirtitM
WmummMJmiX LUMP IN
WOMAN'S BREAST IS GINGER
They always poison tbe glands ta the armpit
and should er; then cure is often Impossible, Any
tumor, lump or sore on tha LIP, FACE or any.
where six months ia nearly always oancer
They never pain until almost past cure. a
120 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE.
with symptoms and testimonials of thousands
cured whom you can see and talk with.
CM AM LEY CANCER INSTITUTE lie.
OR. S. R. and MRS. CHAMLEY, Msnagsrt
" Striotly Reliable." Two Lady Assistants
Offices 25 Third St., San Francisco
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
Needed no laundry save Dame Na
ture's. Of course you are at greater ex
pense in that regard than Father Adam
was. See to it that it's no greater than
need be. The short of that is, bring or
send, or let us call for, your shirts, col
lars, cuffs, underwear, night garb, etc..
and get them cleansed and freshened
up at really reasonable rates.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
1004 MARKET STREET,
Telephone Sontb 480.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEARST ST. Established
hi 1*54 tor tbe treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease tvearingon body and mind and
Skin Diseases The Doctor cures when
others fall. Try htm. » barges low.
rnrnvnaranleed. Call or writs.
T»r. JT. F. GIBBON, Han Frar-lsco Cat
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
EE ART ROOTS ARTS SKYLIGHTS.
Ail kinds repaired, i Globe Sheet Metal Works,
1176-1178 Mission st. Phons Main MtjL
OEM.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD 4k ELLIS.
418 Front st.. 8. T. Phons Main ITIS.
VBurraro.
E.CBUGHES, snsaSfai.BIG BLIZZARD
ISOLATES CITY
OF NEW YORK
Fierce Gale, Snow and Intense
Cold Paralyze Traffic on
Atlantic Coast.
«
Many Succumb in the Metropolis
.. NEW YORK, Jan. 25.—Not since the
blizzard of 1888. by which all storms
are estimated as great or small, has
. New York been so completely snow
bound as it is to-night. The city itself
is lying under a foot of snow. In many
places it has been banked by the wind
to a height of several feet. Surface
travel early in the day was abandoned,
overhead transit was irregular and slow
and it remained for the underground
roads to carry home the hundreds of
thousands of workers from the down
town districts.
The entire coast line from the Dela
ware capes north has been in the grasp
of a storm which, because of its heavy
fall of snow, the intensity of the cold
and the force of the gale, has exceeded
in severity anything experienced in
years. From Maine, the New England
States and the Middle Atlantic States
have come reports of a most complete
winter tie-up. Far Into the West there
is snow and a remarkably low tem
perature. Everywhere railroad traffic
is delayed. Reports of disasters to ship
ping are coming in, and with the rap
idly falling thermometer much suffer
ing must ensue.
SEVERAL DIE FROM COLD.
So severe was the storm in this city
that even during the day hours several
persons were frozen to death or died
from exposure. To-night the hospitals,
. police stations and the House of Refuge
are crowded to their capacity. More
than once police reserves were called
out to take care of the crowds that
were struggling around the entrance to
some belated ferry-boat which was
soon to attempt another trip.
Long before sundown the homeward
' bound workers learned that trolleys
everywhere throughout Manhattan had
. been abandoned, that cable cars were
stalled in many places and that for
those who lived in the suburbs nothing
remained but to take up quarters
somewhere near at hand If they hoped
to return to work the following day.
■. Soon after 7 o'clock to-night a bul
letin was posted In the New York Cen
tral station saying that no more trains
were expected to arrive to-night. This
notice referred to both local and ex
press trains.
. Not a vessel of any kind has sailed
from or arrived at this port in more
. than twenty-four hours, and at the
'port of Boston only one arrival was re
• pdrted, and that a coastwise steamer.
Two trans-Atlantic liners, the Ryn
dam, carrying the mails, and the Nord
America, have been unable to leave
their piers. Seven other steamships, all
scheduled to leave their piers during
the day, are still in port.
WORST STORM IN YEARS.
At Sandy Hook and at the quarantine
station the gale blew at the rate of
sixty miles an hour, and a number of
vessels are reported at anchor there.
The Atlantic Transport line steamship
Menominee from London, the Holland-
American line steamship Rotterdam
and the Fabre line steamship Germa
hla, all of which have been reported by
wireless, are In Sandy Hook Bay. A
dozen or more other steamships now
overdue have not been heard from.
This city, always susceptible to ab
normal weather conditions, is facing a
condition unequaled since that March
• day years ago when it was cut off from
the rest of the world by a record snow.
' fall. The present storm began yester
day afternoon in a gentle way. As the
night came the wind increased, and by
midnight it was blowing half a gale
and drifting hard. At noon it was forty
miles an hour, and with It came a
heavy fall of snow and a temperature
that fell rapidly. The thermometer
then registered about 15 degrees. To
night the mercury went to about 10 de
grees at midnight, and the wind at that
time was blowing forty-eight miles an
hour. Less snow was falling than dur
ing the day, but It was still piling high.
All traffic on Long Island was sus
pended.
♦
VESSELS BLOWN ASHORE.
Wrecks Line Atlantic Coast as Result
of Gale.
NORFOLK, Va., Jan. 25—Three
schooners were blown ashore In Hamp
ton Roads to-day by the fierce north
west storm which swept over the re
gion last night, accompanied by a fall
of snow. The John A. Russell of Tap
pahannock, Pa,, coal laden, was a
total loss, while the Lula and the oth
er, name unkndVn, were pulled into
deep water by tugs. A yawl from the
Lula is on the beach and it is thought
some of her crew tried to make shore
in the gale. If they did they were
drowned. Those on >ard the John A.
Russell were saved.
BALTIMORE, Jan. 25.—Two steam
ers were blown ashore below Bodkins
"Point to-day. They are the British
steamship Lord Erne, from Baltimore
for Belfast, and the British steamship
• Alswick Lodge, from Baltimore to Rot
' terdam. The Alswick Lodge was !
floated this afternoon and anchored j
near Bodkins Point. No report as to
xvhether either vessel is damaged has
reached here.
PORTLAND, Me., Jan. 25.—During a
hard snowstorm to-day the three
masted schooner Rodney Parker was
blown on the rocks Just outside of
the harbor. The captain and crew
' later left the vessel and were brought
to this city. The schooner probably
>vjll be a total loss. She was loaded
with granite.
PROVINCETOWN, Mass., Jan. 25.—
An unknown two-masted schooner was
blown on the bar at the upper end of
the harbor to-day. The seas are break- j
ing over her. It Is feared she may
sink.
. ATLANTIC CITY. N. J., Jan. 25.—A
" large steamship came ashore during j
the gale to-day on the shoals at Brig- ;
antine. Owing to the high wind and
blinding snow it was impossible for the
life saving to render aid.
COLD WAVE IN WIDE AREA.
Freezing Weather From Rockies to |
. . Alleghnnics.
. CHICAGO, Jan. 25.—Practically every
town in the Mississippi Valley and the
• lake region had its weather troubles
to-day. In some places it was ex
tremely cold, in others it was less so.
but was snowing heavily, and In a [
great many others It was both cold and ;
snowing.
In this city the mercury, which was t
2 below zero last night, mounted this I
morning to 20 above. Then came the
snow and a gale from the north. In the
Outlying portions of the city street car
trafflo was badly hindered. The wind ;
died somewhat to-night and the snow
ceased, but the mercury is falling and j
it is predicted that it will be from 5 to !
10 degrees below zero before morninsr.
In Kansas and Western Missouri the
weather was the coldest recorded in '
the last five years. All through the I
Ohio Valley the weather was the cold
est of the winter, ranging from 8 de
grees above to 2 below. In the major
ity of cases the cold was accompanied
by a high wind and driving snow
that interfered seriously with railroad
traffic.
Reports from the South show that ;
the most severe weather of the winter
is prevailing In that section of the I
country. Mobile had a temperature
of 26 and New Orleans 30, and in both
places the mercury is still falling. At
Mobile a cold northwest wind drove so
much water out of the slips that many
ships were left aground. It is expected j
that all along the north coast of the
Gulf of Mexico the temperature to
night will approximate 12 degrees
above zero and that all exposed truck- j
age will be killed and much damage
done to fruit trees.
The extent of the cold wave can be
estimated by the statement that with
the exception of Helena, Mont., and
some points in the State of Texas,
there was not a city to-night between j
the Rocky Mountains and the Allegha-
Dies that reported a temperature as
high as the freezing point, and in all
places the mercury is falling to-night,
with the probability of being 10 to 12
degrees lower before morning.
FIREMEN INCASED IN ICE.
Fight Blaze During Terrific Storm in !
New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.—While the
worst storm of. many winters howled
around them, a dozen fire companies j
under the personal direction of Chief j
Croker for eight hours to-day fought j
a stubborn fire in the Kips Bay Brew- !
cry at First avenue and Thirty-eighth j
street. All the men suffered intensely |
from long exposure to the chlllling I
blasts and five of them were more or j
less seriously hurt by being caught
beneath a falling wall.
The firemen worked under the most I
discouraging and trying conditions, i
Flying spray froze the moment it !
touched their garments and long be
fore the fire was controlled many of j
them resembled huge icicles. Chief j
Croker was obliged to discard his hel- j
met because of the accumulation of i
ice. The financial loss is placed at
ShOUt $150,000. •
MERCHANTS DISCUSS
MATTERS AT DINNER
The San Francisco Credit Men's As
sociation held a meeting and dinner
last evening at a well-known Pine
street restaurant, where, for several
hours, the members of the organiza
tion discussed numerous subjects of
interest to their respective business
enterprises.
President Gustav Brenner presided at
the dinner. Among the subjects that
came before the assemblage was the
bulk law, which was read by Sol Mag
ner and then thoroughly discussed by
B. T. Alexander, Alexander Bell and
Gustav Brenner.
W. H. Preston, first president of the
national association of credit men,
who recently returned from an East
ern trip, addressed his fellow mem
bers on the conditions existing among
the credit associations in the East and
compared the work of those organi
zations with the work of the local as
sociation. Walter Mansfield spoke of
the laws covering the fraudulent con
cealment of merchandise and of the
difficulties encountered by lawyers and
merchants in trying to enforce them.
The concluding speech of the evening
was delivered by Congressman Julius
Kahn.
SCHOONER MAHUKONA
IN DANGEROUS POSITION
ASTORIA, Ore., Jan. 25.—The four
masted schooner Mahukona, in ballast
from San Pedro, lies almost ashore at
the mouth of the Columbia River at
the very edge of the seething breakers
which are pounding over the bar. She
is dragging her anchor. The crews
from the life-saving stations at Fort
Stevens and Fort Canby are in readi
ness to go to her assistance the mo
ment rockets are sent up. The power
ful bar tug Tatoosh is standing by,
but is powerless to render assistance.
The Mahukona came up to the bar late
to-day, but found a strong ebb tide
running.
She made an effort to put out to sea,
but was almost carried on the rocks at
Cape Disappointment by wind and tide.
As a last resource she was headed for
the mouth of the river and an attempt
to cross the bar was made.
The Mahukona wallowed through the
big breakers, but the tide finally com
pelled her to anchor within a few rods
of the bar. To add to her distress, the
wind has increased from twenty-five
miles an hour to forty and her anchors
are dragging.
The pilot of the Tatoosh believes If
the Mahukona can keep off the bar un
til midnight and if the wind blows no
harder he will be able to get a line
aboard her, but even in case that Is ac
complished he expresses faint hopes of
saving her.
ONE-MILE AUTO RECORD
BROKEN THREE TIMES
ORMOND, Fla., Jan. 25.—The world's
mile record was broken three times at
the automobile ra*es to-day in spite of
the cold weather. Louis S. Ross in his
twenty horsepower car covered a mile
In 38 seconds flat, one second under the
world's record made by Vanderbllt in
his ninety horsepower car on the Or»
mond-Daytonia beach one year ago.
Ross held the record but a short time.
Arthur E. McDonald in his ninety
horsepower crossed the mile tape in
34 2-5 seconds. Shortly afterward H.
L. Bowden In his 100 horsepower ma
chine covered a mile in 34 1-5 seconds.
The one-mll# international champion
ship for the Sir Thomas Dewar chal
lenge cup brought out a field of entries,
all the fast racers competing. In the
final Louis Ross in his twenty horse
power Teakettle won in 42 seconds. Ar
thur Mac Donald was second in 42 2-5
seconds, William Wallace third and
Barney Oldfleld last.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 26, 1905.
LODGE DEFENDS
GENERAL MILES
Sharp Debate in the Senate
on Tart of Army Bill Di
rected at Retired Officer
«
NO DECISION REACHED
♦
Effort Made to Curtail Pay
of Men Who Take Service
With the National Guard
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—1n connec
tion wiih the consideration of the army
appropriation bill, there was an ani
mated discussion In the Senate to-day
of the assignment of General Miles to
service In charge of the Massachusetts
State militia.
The controversy was begun by Lodge,
who criticized In sharp language the
provision of the army bill prohibiting
the awarding of extra pay to retired
officers assigned to active service when
1t exceeds that of major on the ac
tive list. Lodge declared the provision
was directed at General Miles and was
most unfair. Lodge, Proctor, Piatt of
Connecticut, Spooner, Bailey, Patter
son. Carmack and Money took part In
the debate which followed. Spooner,
Piatt and Money contended that the
enactment would have the effect of
limiting the salaries of all retired of
ficers assigned to active duty to a ma
jor's pay regardless of rank. Spooner
contended that the paragraph was an
indirect effort to prevent the assign
ment to active service of officers and
denounced it as "cowardly."
Nelson said the real desire is to place
officers in a position to get not only
their full pay but also an additional
$2000 or $3000 from the States. "That is
the germ of the Senator's contention,"
he said, referring to Lodge.
The latter replied that General Miles
is getting no pay from Massachusetts;
that he had refused it.
Several amendments were suggested,
but action on them and on the provision
went over for the day.
In connection with the provision for
the support of a provisional regiment
of native troops In Porto Rico, Clay
called attention to the fact that Secre
tary Root had recommended the dis
continuance of that regiment. Proctor
replied that Root subsequently had
changed his mind and had urged the re
tention of the regiment.
GRIDLEY'S WIDOW A CLERK
AT THE AGE OF SIXTY
Relict of Date Naval Hero Asks Con
gress to Erect Monument to
His Memory.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25. —Senator
Alger to-day introduced a bill appro
priating $5000 for the erection of a
monument to the memory of Captain j
C. W. Gridley, who commanded Ad
miral Dewey's flagship Olympia at
tbe battle of Manila Bay. In ;
tion with the presentation of the bin !
Alger had read a letter writen by ;
Mrs. Gridley to President Roosevelt. |
In this letter Mrs. Gridley stated i
that at 60 years of age she is working j
as a clerk in one of the executive
departments of Washington, and is |
financially unable to erect the monu
ment herself. She therefore asks the
President to exercise his influence for
the monument. She also mentions j
the death by accident of Captain Grid
ley's only son on the Missouri, and
suggests that the monument might be J
of a joint nature.
Smoot Case Near End.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25. —The in
vestigation of protests against Senator
Smoot, so far as the introduction of
testimony is concerned, was brought
to a close When the Senate
Committee on Privileges and Elections
convened, A. S. Worthington, counsel
for Senator Smoot, announced that
he would not DUt other witnesses on
the stand, and that he had nothing
further to offer.
Baker Assails the Tariff.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—The
House to-day passed the District of
Columbia and the Military Academy
appropriation bills. Except for a
speech by Baker of New York, bitter
ly assailing the protective tariff pol
icy of the Republican party, the pro
ceedings were devoid of interest.
Rich Gift of Curios.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26.—A gift of
curios, valued at 1500,000, has been
made to the Smithsonian Institution
!by Charles L. Freer of Detroit. Freer
jis a millionaire and the owner of the
i famous collection of Whistler paint
j ir-gs.
New California Postmasters.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—Post
masters were appointed to-day as fol
lows for California: Marx C. F.
Riecken, at Oakville; Claude B.
Wright, at Concord.
SOCIETY FOLK WILL ACT
TO-DAY IN AID OF CHARITY
Prominent Members of the Smart Set
Are Ready to Appear at Colum
bia in "The Liars."
Society will turn out in full force
this afternoon at the Columbia The
ater, when several well-known women
and men whose names are familiar In
select circles will tread the boards In
Henry Arthur Jones' comedy, "The
Liars." The amateur Thespians have
been rehearsing faithfully and expect
to make a hit in their benefit per
formance in aid of the new Naval Club
house at Vallejo.
Miss Frances Jolliffe will play the
leading role, that of Lady Jessica Ne
pean. Lloyd Lowndes is to appear as
Edward Falkner, while Dr. J. Wilson
Shiels will take the part of Gilbert
Ntpean. Others in the cast are Court
ney Ford, Royden Williamson, Mrs.
Mark Gerstle, Mrs. J. Wilson Shlels,
Miss Olga Atherton, Mrs. H. M. Spen
cer. L. S. Ford, Jack Baird, Joseph
Eastland and Thomas Eastland. The
matinee will begin promptly at 2:15.
To Guard Japanese Girl.
Margarita Lake, superintendent of ;
the Japanese Woman's Home on Bush |
street, yesterday applied to the Su- j
perlor Court for letters of guardian- j
i ship over Katsura Takao, the 15-year- I
old Japanese girl, who came from the
1 Orient a few days ago to Joint the hus- |
! band she had married "by photo
! graph." A more valid union will be ;
required, and, as the girl is under age, '
the consent of a guardian will be nec- |
| essary before a license can be pro- :
cured. Hence Mrs. Lake's application. •
TOPBKA. Kan*., Jan. 25.—There Is some j
improvement to-night in the condition of A.
A. Hurd. general attorney for the Santa Fe, 1
j who la suffering from pneumonia. His physi- '
i clans aay there is some chance for recovery. '
GOOD NOW FACES
GRAVE CHARGES
Resolution in House Galling
for Inquiry Into Acts of
Shanghai Consular Judge!
GREAT FRAUDS ALLEGED j
Said to Have Extorted and|
Misappropriated Money in I
the Conduct of His Office
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25. — Repre-
I sentatlve Hughes of* New Jersey lntro
| duced a resolution In the House to-day
j directing the Committee on Judiciary
; "to inquire and report whether'the ac
' tion of this House Is requisite concern-
J Ing the official misconduct of John j
| Goodnow, Judge of the United Statei
Consular Court at Shanghai. China,
and to say whether the said Judge has j
! been guilty of corruptive conduct in j
I office and whether the conduct of his
| office has resulted in Injury and wrong*,
to litigants in his court,"
The resolution is accompanied by sev-
I enteen specifications. The first charges
I him with the embezzlement of $946 on
! various dates during the fiscal year
I ended June 30, 1903; the second charges
! that he mailed false accounts to the
' Secretary of State as to moneys re-
I celved and expended for alleged court
expenses; the third charges that he
j presented a false claim against the j
United Btates to the Secretary of tho
Treastiry: the fourth charges embez
zlement on November 19, 1903, of $643;
' the fifth charges the appointment of
| George A. Darby as an expert ac
countant, the appointee beljig asserted
Ito be wholly Incompetent. The next
nine charges include extortion and
fraud in financial transactions.
The fifteenth specification charges a
conspiracy to "manufacture aliens into
citizens of the United States (n con
sideration of large sums of money,
the plan being to issue bogus identifi
cation papers, to be presented by other }
parties to the conspiracy to Minister
Conger, who issued the proper pass
ports. Four Russian aliens, one Turk
I and one German are named as receiv
ing such passports. Two aliens, a
British subject and a German, were
registered at the United States con
sulate, it Is alleged, as citizens of the
United States.
The sixteenth charges Judge Good
now with appropriating to his own use
fees collected in settling the estates of
American citizens who died at -Shang-
hai and making false returns thereof.
The seventeenth charges that Judge
Goodnow did unlawfully and knowing
ly take Jurisdiction in the case of
George A. Derby and one H. P. Plant,
the case being triable only before the
United States Ministerial Court at
Peking, the result being that Plant
was sentenced to a long term in prison,
which, it Is believed, he is serving in a
I California Jail.
The resolution charges that said
I Judge Goodnow is Incompetent to hold
I the office of Federal Judge, that he has
j never been admitted to practice law
; before any court in the United States
lor elsewhere and that he Is not a
1 lawyer.
j A protest against the retention of
' Judge Goodnow, signed by twenty
American residents of China, is made
j part of the resolution.
BALL BY SAN FRANCISCO
TENT OF THE MACCABEES
Delightful Function in Pioneer Assem
bly Hall Attended by Four Hun
dred Persons.
San Francisco Tent of the Knights
of the Maccabees gave ball in the j
assembly hall of the Pioneer building
last night to its members and friends.
It was an invitation function that was
attended by about 400 persons and in
the grand march there were 150 cou
ples, mostly young persons who, as
they moved to the strains of delicious
music through the many pretty fig
ures, presented a most beautiful sight.
The order of the dances was made up
of twelve modern numbers with three
extras. This affair, the most delight
ful ever given by the tent, was under
the direction of the following named:
Committee of arrangements—Past Com
mander G. V. Lerol (chairman). Past Com
mander E. H. Stephens, Past Commander H.
A. Knox, Paat Commander Cheater Smith,
Past Commander G. L. Morgan.
Reception committee —Past Commander H.
A. Knox. Paat Commander D. B. Richards,
Past Commander Theo. Frollch, Paat Com
mander M. B. Schofleld, fast Commander S.
W. Crelgh. Colonel C. W. Seeley.
Honorary committee—San Francisco Hive
No. 8. Ladies of the Maccabees.
Floor manager—Past Commander G. V.
Lerol.
Assistant floor manager—Paat Commander
E. H. Stephens.
Floor committer—Paat Commaftder Chester !
Smith. Paat Commander Carl Lensen, Past I
Commander J. H. Sampson, Paat Commander j
Frank Sampson, Past Commander Ed Savery, |
Past Commander G. L«. Morjran.
STREET RAILROADS WILL
RENEW PRESENT AGREEMENT
Employes Also Are Satisfied That the
Conditions Continue for Two
More Years.
' Everything: points to industrial
peace for two years from and after
next May between the directors of the
United Railroads and their employes
of the Street Carmen's Union.
After holding a few meetings, at
which both parties were fully repre
sented, a renewal of the existing
agreement, known as the Strauss ar
bitration board settlement, was con
sidered and agreed to as the one that
will continue in force for two more
years.
This course was decided upon by
all the parties interested and during
the present month will be" counter
figned by the duly accredited repre
sentatives of the company and the em
ployes. .
Army and Navy Union Election.
Colonel Oscar F. Long Garrison No.
101, Army and Navy Union, elected
and installed the following officers at
the post headquarters last night:
Commander, Denis Geary; senior
vice commander, John Haaise; junior
vice commander, J. W. Lord; chap
lain, J. A. Barstow; adjutant. James
H. Riley; paymaster, Henry Miller;
officer of the day, C. M. Marvine; of
ficer of the guard, William Moore; of
ficer of the watch, E. Lambert; board
of trustees, Denis Geaiy, James H.
Riley, J. F. Fitzgerald.
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A
NATIONAL
COMBINATION
NEEDLE AND PIN
CASE.
Free With Every Small Ad In
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
P«AJGERS__ _J PRAGERS | PRAGERS
' * .. --.
The Nearest Substitute for Daylight Ever Invented
The "Block" Light
Everybody interested in this wonderfully effective light should visit
our department and see it in operation. Two experts from the East are
here ready to explain every detail of the light, so that you may obtain
the very best results from it. The Block Light is the most brilliant and
economical on sale anywhere.
The Block Light is simple, " j We have the Block Light i or
easily installed, and will [i || every lighting necessity
save one-half your gas bill. ' R jj the nome » the office an d the
It requires no care beyond 1 111 factory. Every part is man
occasional renewal of mantle, ijnm ufactured specially for it
These may be had for 25c, # f m !^ der , the hl S hest * sts '
« j cr \ im iß\ The glassware comes from
3:>c and 50c. /g iHHA a •
Bvarro~esS 5 ~ " "* Germany and is ~
W° lof combining /ll itjj§\ Vhe
Cf .25 iir . wifh .gf; (§i t =b\ mantles aremade H%l .25
4>l= using eight of a tough tex- 4> * =
r parts Of air to | V «| ture that will out- ———
one ot gas, a beautiful, bril- j wear an y other tube - None 2 enu *
iiant, white light is secured. HgjflK me unless the name " Block " a P"
This light will flood a room Hwyflff pears Dn both burner and mantle.
25 feet square with a soft, The Block Light uses city, na
soothing radiance. In a word, wSfflSr tural or gasoline 2as » and P roduces
it will P'jV for itself in less practically the same results with
than three months; Will give |B each. With every light there is a
the same light as ten incan- . burner, a mantle and a pretty
descent Hl Kg and four times I glass globe. The globes may be sub
the light obtained from . . , st,tut f d for "^ a *l* fh *
the ordinary burner. It Ma/7 Orders Filled 2££S2 W T t m 't? '1*
. , r j ns-ti-.il chase. ditional cost. Ihe mantles can
IS free from Odor, flicker L H always be had from us.
or shadow. j\ ========== = =x===x==^
«J|hjl 1 >J MM The usual shopping induce-
Pragers-the exclusive jrt JJ. Uf Vff \ ments , hat have made this
sellmgagents for | store popu/ar are S f,7/here.
r MARKETS "JONES J73
STEEL COMBINE
INVESTIGATION
House Committee Will Fa
vorably Report Bill Pro
viding for an Inquiry
— >
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26.—Representa
tive Little's resolution, offered in the
House some time ago, providing for a
thorough Investigation of the steel
trust, was ordered favorably reported
at the meeting of the Judiciary Com
mittee to-day.
Representative Little's resolution is
similar to the resolution Introduced
last fall, asking for an Investigation of
the beef trust, which Investigation is
now under way In Chicago and other
Western cities. The resolution calls
upon the Secretary of Commerce and
Labor to take up the <york under the
law creating his department.
The resolution was amended in one
respect. The original directed that the
Secretary of Commerce and Labor re
port the result of his findings and any
recommendations he might deem wise
to the first session of the Fifty-ninth
Congress. This was amended to direct
that the Secretary report his findings
according to law, which means that he
must report direct to the President,
who can use his discretion about mak
ing the report public.
The bill directs that the following
facts be ascertained:
la the United States Steel Corpora
tion and its associated and constituent
companies engaged in commerce be
tween States and Territories or with
foreign countries, and, if so, to what
extent is the steel and iron industry
In the United States, Including the
output and prices of its products, con
trolled by said corporation and its as
sociated and constituent companies?
To what extent does the corporation
and its associates control the output
and prices of finished product made by
independent companies dependent upon
it for their raw material?
To what extent, if at all, does the
corporation or its associates sell Its
products more cheaply to its export
trade than it does to Its domestic con
sumers?
What conditions have resulted in
whole or in part from any contract,
combination or agreement in the na
ture of a trust or conspiracy in re
straint of commerce between the
States and Territories or between for
eign countries?
Army Orders.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—8y order
of the War Department First Lieu
tenant George. R. Armstrong of the
Sixth Infantry will proceed to Colum
bus Barracks, Ohio, for assignment to
duty with recruits to be sent to Van
couver Barracks, Washington, and
upon completion of that duty will pro
ceed to San Francisco and report to
the commanding general of the De
partment of California for assignment
to duty pending the arrival of his
regirrflent at San Francisco. Private
(first class) Hugh Gywnn, hospital
corps. Fort Niobrara, Nebraska, will
be sent to the department of recruits
and casuals at Fort McDowell. Cali
fornia, and will be sent to Manila on
the transport sailing from San Fran
cisco about February 28. Post Com
missary Sergeant Fred P. Bliss will be
relieved from duty In the office of the
purchasing commissary at New York
City, on March 1, and be sent to San
Francisco, reporting to Major CharKes
R. Krauthoff for assignment to duty
on an army transport.
To Take Up Land Question.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—The
House Committee on Public Lands to
day refused by a vote of 11 to 4 to in
definitely postpone consideration of
the bills increasing from 160 to 640
acres the amount of land that may be
taken up under the homestead act.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 25.—The President to
day sent to the Senate the nomination as
agent for the Indians of the Blackfeet Agency,
Montana, of Captain James Zedare. it S. a.,
retired. Washington. D. C.
NEVADA NAMES
NIXON SENATOR
Chosen on First Ballot, Re
ceiving Thirty-One Votes
to Twenty-Five for Sparks
« .
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
CARSON CITY, Nev., Jan. 25.—
George S. Nixon, the Republican can
didate for United States Senator, was
elected to that position to-day by the
Nevada Legislature at a Joint session
held in the Assembly chamber at the
Capitol building. The room was crowd
ed with prominent citizens and eager
spectators gathered to witness the pro
ceedings. At the noon hour Lieutenant
Governor Allen called the two houses to
order. The vote for Senator followed.
Nixon was elected on the first ballot,
the vote being 31 for Nixon and 25 for
Governor Sparks.
Nixon entertained the members of
the Legislature and the State officers
at a banquet this eveniri§. Governor
Sparks, his opponent, was the guest of
honor.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo.. Jan. 25.—
The bolters gained one vote to-day on
the eighth ballot for United States
Senator to succeed Francis M. Cock
rell. There was no choice and the
Joint session adjourned until to-mor
row noon. The ballot resulted: Cock
rell, 80; Niedringhaus, 76; Kerens, 12;
Goodrich, 2; necessary to election, 86.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Jan. 25.—Clar
ence Don Clark was re-elected United
States Senator by the Legislature in
Joint session to-day by a vote of 67 to
7. Clark received the unanimous vote
of the Republican members. The Dem
ocratic votes were glYen to Samuel T.
Corn, who has Just retired as Chief
Justice.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 25.—The Texas
Legislature In Joint session to-day for
mally elected Charles A. Culberson
(Dem.) to succeed himself in the United
States Senate.
CHARLESTON. W. Va., Jan. 25—In
joint session to-day the Legislature re
elected Senator Nathan B. Scott. The
vote stood: Scott 82, McGraw 29.
TRENTON, N. J., Jan. 25.— The Leg
islature in joint session to-day declared
John Kean elected United States Sena
tor.
DOVER, Del.. Jan. 25.—The lone
deadlock in the Senate was broken to
day by the election of A. B. Conner.
Union Republican, as president pro
tern. The three regular Republican
Senators who had been holding out
against Conner voted for him at the
last moment. This is regarded as a
victory for Addicks.
Phelps Must Explain His Absence.
PORTLAND. Ore.. Jan. 25.—Carl
Phelps, the secretary of the Federal
Grand Jury, who had b een missing,
put in his appearance to-day, explain
ing that he had been sick. He was
ordefjfed by the court to appear before
the Grand Jury to-morrow to explain
his conduct. 4
NeWbro s Herpicide
The ORiGi - AL remedy that "kills tha Dandruff Oerm."
G-QING-! i GONE!)!
%%%
wantm wiu un rr. . lanciK mi mi rr. too un for ■EtncnL
THE LA&IES OBJECT refltcted In the enormous sale of Newbrc/s Herpl
to a tummy and Mkky hair dressing, or one that eld«. Udlea become enthusiastic over Hi kw»-
If full of sedimentary chemical, intended to dye In* quality an i exoulslte prance. «t
tha hair. Tha marked preference for a dainty the mkroblc growth Inithe scalp, ceres dandnitl.
dressing-, particularly on* that overcomes excess- stops falling hair and gives N • sinten gioss.
°ye olliness and reaves tht hair light and fluffy. Is STOPS ITCHING INSTANTLY.
Ora Starts. Si 00. Sf«l 10c slam ta HERHCIOE CO.. Oer*. H OtlrHt. MicN. for i imp*.
APPLICATIONS AT PROMINENT BAHBEB SHOPg.
TRAINS CRASH
NEAR A SIDING
Owing to Fog Engineer Does
Not See Signal to Stop
and a Collision Follows
STOCKTON, Jan. 25. —A number of
persons hurt and a car thrown off the
track are the results of a train acci
dent on the Santa Fe this morning at
Blum, forty-five miles west of Stock
ton.
The injured: J. C. Hurle of Stockton,
superintendent of the Pacific Glass
Works, scalp wound; Johannes Reimers
of Stockton, landscape gardener for
the Santa Fe, cut on the face. A few
others suffered minor bruises.
F. Dohnken Sr. and wife and F.
Dehnken Jr. and wife of Antioch, con
ducting the Arlington Hotel, were bad
ly shaken up, and Conductor H. A.
Bankead of Kansas City, on a visit to
San Francisco, had his back badly
hurt. The injured people were brought
to Stockton and cared for. All were
able to proceed to their homes. Hurle
is probably the most painfully hurt and
had to be conveyed to his home in a
cab. It cannot be told yet whether his
injuries are serious.
The dense fog prevailing Is partly re
sponsible for the accident. No. 41, car
rying passengers for San Francisco,
left here at 9:20 this mornimg, No. 6
leaving San Francisco at 7:307 While
No. 41 was going on the siding at
Blum Engineer Deardorff of No. 6 con
tinued on, striking the rear coach of
No. 41. He thought No. 41 had cleared,
but he was deceived by the fog.
There will be an investigation to fix
the blame for the accident. The Santa
Fe officials here say there are mitigat
ing circumstances in Deardorff's favor.
A flag was to have stopped him at
Blum. He had no previous orders to
stop. In the fog, however, he did not
see the flag, evidently, and so ran by
the. station as No. 41 was taking the
siding. Had either train been ten sec
ons earlier a serious accident would
have resulted, though both trains were
siowing down at the time.
ANDREW CARNEGIE FOILS
CONFIDENCE MAN'S GAME
Investigation Reveals Fraud in Re
quest for Donation to a
Library Fund.
COOPERSTOWN, N. V.. Jan. 25.—
Andrew Carnegie, through his secre
tary, has sent an inquiry to the Coop
erstown postmaster regarding one C.
Stanley Cooper, who wrote to him
from this place last April, asking for
$6500 to complete s fund for the erec
tion of a $10,000 library building.
Cooper use£ stationery bearing the
name of the "Fenimore Cooper Li
brary Association. CDoperstown. N.Y."
No such person or association is
known here. The writer of the letter
evidently was trying, to swindle Car
negie.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
TAKES STAND
FOR HIMSELF
Youth Who Killed His Wife
.. Explains Causes Leading
to Commission of Murder
HIS ATTORNEY'S PLAN
Relies Upon a Plea of Emo
tional Insanity, Due to
Much Worry and Liquor
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 25. 1
: Interest in the trial of Lemuel
* D. Campbell, charged with the murder
of hi* wife, centered to-day in the de
fendant himself, who took the stand in
his own defense. He was led careful
ly oyer the ground of his troubles with
His wife as testified to by other wit
nesses, connecting and explaining their
testimony.
The murder and the circumstances
connected with it he is not supposed
to know anything about, and was not
. "asked. His attorney, ex-Judge Frick,
relies upon making out a case of emo
tional insanity, superinduced by men
tal worry by his wife's misdeeds and
aggravated by liquor, to clear his cli
ent, and does not believe that for the
week preceding the homicide he was
responsible.
• Campbell himself made the most In
teresting witness that has been put on
■ the stand during the trial of the case.
His. answers were clear cut and
straightforward. His fight with J.
FossatL whom he knocked down for
taking His wife out one night, was ex
plained in detail. The state of his
mind on the night of the shooting has
been left to the Imagination of the
•Jury, except facts testified to by other
witnesses.
A, W. Anselmi, a butcher for whom
Campbell worked, has testified that
Campbell came to his shop about 7
o'clock on the night of the homicide
In an Intoxicated condition and had
with him a quart bottle of whisky. An
selmi was asked to take a drink, which
he refused. Campbell then took
a drink himself and put the bottle back
' into his pocket. Anselmi says that he
then told Campbell that his former
•wife had called him up twice and
wanted to see him. Campbell said he
•would go and see her. An hour later
he fled from the place her slayer.
Campbell's sister, Mrs. Romie Raf
ifeto, made a pathetic witness for her
. brother. She almost fainted on the
.stand, but held herself together long
enough to tell of a visit she received
from her brother's wife, on which oc
casion Mrs. Campbell had a big re
volver and said that she was going to
shoot him. She also had a call from
Mrs. Cutler, Mrs. Campbell's mother,
. who told her that she was after her
brother and would send him to San
Quentin if it took every cent she had.
Mrs. Klmer Kennedy, ■ Campbell's
: mother, tord of the separation"/of the
pair and of his living at home, and
said that, seemingly, a state of peace
had been brought about when he be
gan to receive notes and messages from
. his former wife and she again involved
his life with her own.
PLEASANTON TO HAVE
NEW RACE TRACK
. PLEASANTON, Jan. 25.—Plans for
• a new mile race track at Pleasanton
have been prepared by G. A. Davis, a
• well known resident of the town, and
surveyors are at work laying off the
track and ground for the paddock,
grandstand and stables. The track
. will be in what is known as the "big
field," Just across the bridge from
the town, and the site selected is one
• that will need but little grading or
. filling.
Associated with Mr. Davis is an
other well known horseman, whose
name has not been made public. It is
believed that as soon as the work of
the surveyors is completed the erec
tion of the buildings and fences will
be under way.
Life Is Miserable.
OAKLAND, Jan. 25.—Three new di
vorce actions were registered with the
County Clerk to-day. A. de
Witt says that he has married a wom
an who is a morphine fiend and asks
. for a divorce from Mary C. de Witt
.on the ground of cruelty. He cays her
actions have caused him such mental
worry as to make further life with
her unbearable. Madge E. Francis
sties for a divorce from George E.
Francis for desertion. Thi?.- we*e
married'in 1886. Ida Thomas wants
a divoice from Harold Thomas on tha
ground of desertion. They were mar
ried in 1903 and a short time after
ward he left her.
O'Keefe Dies From Injury.
.OAKLAND, Jan. 25.— J. H.
residing at 459 Sixtieth street, died
to-day at the Receiving Hospital from
injuries sustained Monday afternoon,
when he was struck at Twentieth
street and Telegraph avenue by a
Shattuck-avenue electric car. CKeefe's
back was broken. O'Keefe was 52
yeasr old, a laborer. The Coroner
took charge of the case. J. R\ Gerow,
motorman of the car that struck
O'Keefe, was arrested on a charge of
manslaughter, but was released on his
own recognizance.
Mind Destroyed.
OAKLAND, Jan. 25.—Fred H. Eng
lish, formerly a fireman in the employ
of the Southern Pacific, was commit
ted to the Stockton asylum to-day. It
is stated that his mind became affect
ed by smoking cigarettes and by
brooding over the deaths of two men
killed by the engine on which he -van
employed.
YELLOW FEVER SUSPECTED
ON CRUISER AT PANAMA
PANAMA, Jan. 25.—A bulletin issued
by the American Legation to-day an
nounces one death and six cases of
suspected yellow fever on board the
cruiser Boston. The sanitary staff is
investigating the causes and fumigat
ing the ship. From July 18, 1904, to
January 20, 1905, eighteen cases of yel
low fever and one death were reported
at Panama and Colon.
Negotiations have Been concluded be
tween Governor Davis, Minister Bar
rett and the Panama Government, un
der which the carnal zone officials will
assume complete charge of the sanita
tion of the city.
POWDER COMPANY ELECTS DIRECT
ORS. —The annual meeting of the stockholders
of the Giant Powder Company Consolidated
was held yesterday. The principal business
was the election of dtrectora, which resulted
In the naming of the following-board for the
year: C. C. Bern is, L. F. Monteagle, C. H.
Pklllips, C. H. Crocker. T. B. Fheby, T. B.
Bishop and C. N. Felton.
"MIKADO" WILL
BE PORTRAYED
BY PROFESSOR
POPULAR PROFESSOR AT UNI
VERSITY OF CALIFORNIA WHO
WILL SINO THE "MIKADO."
BERKELEY, Jan. 25. —An unex
pected impetus has been given to the
preparations qf the Prytanean Society
for the "Mikado" production by the an
nouncement that Professor Walter E.
Magee of the State University has
consented to assume the part of the
"Mikado" in the comic opera.
Professor Magee is at the head of
the physical culture department of the
university, a great favorite in his
classes and conceded to have one of
the finest voices among the amateur
singers of the university town. Of
striking presence, experience in stage
business and qualified in other ways
to score a hit in opera, Professor Ma
gee's wilrrngness to assist the Pry
tanean girls In their production has
added immensely to the "co-eds' " con
fidence in their ability to make a suc
cess of their stage venture.
The other principal parts in the opera
have not yet been assigned, as the try
outs have not progressed sufficiently to
give the coach and the committee in
charge an exact "line" on the capabili
ties of the candidates for places. There
are seventy candidates for places in the
production, twenty of whom are can
didates for principal parts,, and the* re
rnalp.fjer for places in the chorus.
The "Mikado" Is to raise funds for a
university bospital. The performance
for this object is to be given at the
Macdonough Theater in Oakland on
February 24.
WOMEN ENJOY
TWO BRILLIANT
CLUB EVENTS
ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE
OAKLAND. Jan. 35. —It is not often that a
reader —and a wpman reader at that—excites
ao much favorable comment aB has Mrs. Ber
tha Kuns Baker. She was the "star attrac
tion" at Ebell'B annual evening at home last
night, and now those of us who were kept
away by the storm are regretting the loss of a
real treat, for those who did bear her assert
that Mrs. Baker is the finest reader that has
ever visited Oakland. Of unusually prepos
sessing appearance, Mrs. Baker presented a
charming picture, it is said, as she gave a
stirring and artistic reading of the romantic
drama. "If I were King."
Mrs. Baker left for Oregon to-day, but If
ahe should return it is to be hoped we shall
be given another opportunity to hear her.
In aplte of the small attendance, considering
Ebell's large membership, the evening was
thoroughly enjoyed by every one. Among
those who helped to entertain were Mns. J. B.
Hume, Mrs. C. W. Kinsey, Mrs. Ralph Kin
ney, Mrs. John Bakewell, Mrs. George Shaw,
Miss Eva Powell, Mlsa Jennie Hill, Miss Car
rie Oorrill. Miss Addit Oorrill, Mrs. T. C.
Coogan, Miss Elizabeth Scupham. Mrs. Ever
ett Ames Mrs. Oscar Luning. Mrs. R. A.
Perry, Mrs. B. S. Hubbard. Mrs. Gilbert
L. Curtiss, Mrs. William L. Oliver, Mrs. M.
C Chapman, Mrs. H. C. Capwell, Mrs. A. E.
Schlesinger, Mrs. E. D. Yorker, Mrs. F. P.
Cutting, Mrs. C. G. Cumming, Mrs. Clarence
Gray, Miss A. M. Hambley, Miss Mary C.
Heaton. Miss Charlotte Playter. Mrs. J. T.
Vane. Mrs. Murrey Johnson, Mrs. S. A. John
son, Mrs. W. F. Williamson. Mrs. T. G. Har
rison, Mrs. A. W. Pattiani, Mrs. C. D. Vin
cent, Mrs. Franklin Bangs and Mrs. W. J.
Wilcox.
• • •
The weather clerk made the amende honor
able for the drenching he gave the Oakland
Club women last Wednesday by giving a
fairly decent day for their musicale this after
noon. The programme was excellent and there
was a good crowd to enjoy it. The music sec
tion of the club was In charge, and the pro
gramme was given by Miss Elizabeth Simpaon,
the planlste, assisted by Miss Ruth Waterman,
contralto; Miss Isabel Seal, violinlste; Mlsa
Lucia Oliver, reader, and Mrs. C. Forfar Cob
bled lck. planiste.
The following numbers were given: Bal
lade, op. 47 (Chopin), Miss Simpson; (a)
"Roses In June" (German), (b) "The Night
Has a Thousand Eyes" (Metcalf), Miss Water
man Miss Susan Waterman accompanist;
reading, selected. Miss Oliver; (a) "Gondo
liera" (Liszt), (b) "Norwegian Bridal Proces- ,
sion" (Grieg), Miss Simpson; . (a) Legende
(Metcalf), (b) Mazurka, by request (Mlynar
! ski). Miss Seal; Sultana's Song (Bemberg),
j Miss Waterman; presto from concerto I (Mac
| Dowell). Miss Simpson, Mrs. Cobbledick.
t An unusual feature that added considerably
jto the interest and pleasure attending the
: piano numbers was the descriptive analysis by
Miss Simpson, preceding each piano number.
Mrs. H. L. Whitehead waa chairman of the
afternoon.
• • •
The timeliness of the topics chosen for the
university extension course of lectures which
Mr. Landfleld Is giving at the Home Club
makes them peculiarly Insisting. His gen
eral subject Is "The Hlstoiv and Literature of
Russia," and every student of social problem!
will be glad of this opportunity to learn in so
pleasant a manner of events and conditions'
that have led to the present frenzied state of
affairs in Russia.
To-morrow evening Mr. Landfleld will talk
of the Ru'sso-Turklsh war. Special cars will,
as usual, run from Twelfth and Broadway to
the Home Club.
• • •
To-day Mrs. Felton Taylor entertained a
little coterie of friends, and on Friday even
ing Mrs. Churchill Taylor will be hostess
at a dinner and card party.
• • •
The reception that Mrs. C. Minor Cooper
(nee Goodall) is planning for Friday afternoon
at the St. Francis. San Francisco, prom
ises to be a brilliant affair. Over 400
invitations have been sent out and
the receiving party is quite a large
one, Including Mrs. Edwin Goodall, her mother
and Mrs. Charles Minor Goodall, Miss Mary
Dunham. Miss Florlnne Brown, Mrs. George
Greenwood. Mrs. C. O. G. Miller, Miss Bertha
Wilcox, Miss Elizabeth McNear and Mrs. Her
bert C. Moffltt. as well as several San Fran-,
ciscans— Miss Maynard, Mrs. Samuel Knight,
Miss Minnie Houghton, Mrs. Louis Monteagle,
Miss Alice Downing, Mrs. Hugo Kiel, Mrs.
Charles S. Wheeler, Mrs. Joseph Flint, Mrs.
James Foil's. Miss Ethel Tompkina Mrs. Wil
lis Walker. Miss Ella Morgan.
TFT It SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 26. 1905.
WILL REMOVE
FREIGHT YARD
Southern Pacific Official
Sends Welcome News to
Town Clerk of Berkeley
DEFINITE PROMISE MADE
Objectionable Feature to Be
Discontinued in One Week.
History of Negotiations
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Jan. 25.
Definite promise to move the obnox
ious freight yard in the center of
Berkeley's business section has been
made by the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company and. there is rejoicing in
Berkeley. Town Clerk Merrill to-day
received the following letter, signed by
Superintendent W. S. Palmer of the
company:
. Dear Sir: Answering your communication
of January 12 I beg leave to advise you that
on and after February 1. 1905, we will cease
to handle all freight at our station between
Center street. University, Shattuck and Stan
ford avenues.
The delay in making such arrangements has
been due to our desire to complete our plans
for improvement of our property at the In
tersection of Shattuck avenue and Adeline
street before handling all our local freight
trafffic at such solnt.
Regretting the delay In the change, I rpmaln.
W S PALMER, Superintendent.
The change promised by the railroad
corporation Is expected to greatly im
prove the appearance of East Berkeley.
The corporation has utilized the heart
of the town as a freight and passenger
yard for nearly thirty years. When the
town was small the freight yard was
considered a convenience. With growth
came the feeling that a freight yard in
the center of the city was not a thing
of beauty or an attraction of any sort.
Suggestions that the freight business
be done elsewhere were made by civic
bodies and the company consented a
year ago to make the change, though
up to this time the freight business has
continued to be in evidence at Shattuck
avenue and Center street.
The railroad company has proposed
to erect a $25,000 stone depot on Its
land, but no definite promise has been
given in regard to the time when work
on it is to begin.
YOUNG ELOPERS
ARE ARRESTED
Girl Wife of John Pat
ton of Sacramento Euns
Away With .Walter Boone
■ 4
Oakland Office San Franclaco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 25.
The police to-night stopped the elope
ment of Mrs. Lillie Patton, the girl wife
of John Patton, a Sacramento iron
molder, and Walter Boone, a motorman
of the capital, who, after an acquain
tance of four months with the bride of
half a year, Induced her to run away
with him.
The pair were arrested to-night at
Sixteenth-street station while they
were on their way from Sacramento to
San Francisco on an evening tram.
Complaint had been made by Mrs. Sa
rah James, the young wife's mother, to
the authorities at Dixon, where Mrs.
Patton had been visiting. Constable D.
McKinnon telegraphed a warrant for
the arrest of the runaways and they
will be held until he arrives to take
them btfck. Mrs. Patton admitted to
night she was only 17 years old.
Her home before her marriage to
Patton seven months ago was with her
mother at Broderick, Yolo County.
After her wedding she went to Sacra
mento. There she became acquainted
with Boone, who is 2a years old. Mu
tual admiration led to frequent meet
ings and the final arrangement for
elopement. The girl left her husband a
few days ago and went to Dixon, os
tensibly to stay with relatives for a
short time.* That trip was only a blind
to deceive her spouse. In correspond
ence with Boone she agreed to meet
him on the evening train out of Sacra
mento. The plan failed to some extent,
for suspicions were aroused that all
was not right in the girl's sudden de
parture. Mrs. Janes was hastily sum
moned and took the steps that led to
the police Interference. Mrs. Patton
and her companion were indignant over
their arrest and protested at the outset
that it was all a mistake. Later they
told enough to warrant the police in
holding them. The young woman is a
buxom country girl far from unat
tractive, and apparently deeply in love
with her companion, who appeared to
reciprocate ardently.
MAYOR HESITATES TO
REMOVE BOOTBLACKS
OAKLAND, Jan. 25.—Mayor War
ren Olney has replied- to the request
of the Barbers' Union to remove all
bootblack stands from the sidewalks
by declaring that he has the subject
under consideration, but hesitates to
act on account of the many families
supported by owners of s\ich conveni
ences. In his letter to the union
Mayor Olney says:
It Is within the power of the Mayor to re
move them (bootblack atanda) from all public
streeta; the question la, shall he do It? Tbey
are a convenience to the public. An easy op
portunity to get a shine for a nickel Is an
encouragement to personal neatness. Cleanli
ness, you know. Is akin to godliness. That is
why public baths are maintained In many
cities. Then, again, to sweep these stands off
the sidewalks would deprive a large number
of people of their means of livelihood. It
might take bread from children's mouths. This
makes me hesitate. I shall consider the mat
ter more fully and should be glad to know
what the mind of the people Is on the sub
ject.
Mrs. Snyder the Victim.
OAKLAND, Jan. 25.—P. C. Crafts,
who until recently has been employed
at the Selby works near Crockett, was
arrested here to-day for defrauding
Mrs". Snyder, 'made famous by being
the mother-in-law of "Sir" Harry
Westwood Cooper, out of a $11 board
bill. Cooper married one of two very
pretty daughters of Mrs. Snyder,
which afterward led to his prosecution
on a charge of forgery and an annul
ment of the marriage. He is now
serving a long term at San Quentin.
NEW POWER COMPANY. —Articles of in
corporation of the San Mateo Power Company
were Sled yesterday. The purpose Is stated
to be to manufacture gas and electricity for
heat, light and power, and the capital stock
of the corporation is $1,000,000, of which $100
each has been subscribed by the following
directors: Walter J. McLean, Henry Bost
wlck. Leo H. Susman, D. Howard Foote and
Lawrence W. Pryor.
COMPLETE PLAN
FOR REVIVALS
Rev. R. A. Walton' Arrives
in Oakland and Assists
General Local Committee
GOOD WORK IN DENVER
Earnest Effort Being Made
by 31embers of Protestant
Churches Across the Bay
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 25.
There was an important conference
of the pastors of Oakland this after
noon in the parlors of the First Presby
terian Church, when Rev. R. A. Wal
ton, one of the four evangelists who is
to conduct meetings here in March,
was present and outlined the plan the
evangelists should follow in their work.
There were present many clergymen of
the principal Protestant churches.
The plan of the committees now at
work here was gone over and approved.
The advertising committee was fur
ther instructed as to its duties, being
expected to use billboard posters, ban
ners and see to the distribution of
thousands of cards of invitation. The
music committee was asked to obtain
from each church a list of ten members
and train them for the choruses.
It was decided in view of the great
attendance "at other cities where the
evangelists have worked that it would
be necessary to hrve more meetings on
Sunday evenings than at first planned
and a meeting at Golden Gate and at
Twenty-third avenue was added to
the number. This will give ten meet
ings on each of the three Sunday
evenings. The need of renting at least
one of the theaters for Sunday after
noons and evenings was discussed and
considered favorably. Dr. Walton, in
an interview, said:
"In Denver, where Dr. Chapman is
working now with his assistants, there
has been marvelous work done."
Dr. Walton left on the evening train
from Denver for Los Angeles, where
the evangelists will hold meetings last
ing from January 27 to February 19.
At the close of the meeting of the
general committee there was a meeting
of the Central Oakland district. Each
pastor was asked to furnish Rev.
Charles R. Brown, the chairman, four
workers—one to secure singers, one to
select personal workers, one to act on
the finance committee and one on the
advertising committee.
Owing to the two principal meetings
being so close together, one in the First
Congregational Church jnd the other
in the First Presbyterian Church, It was
deemed best to say where the workers
and singers from fjhe churches In the
district were expected to co-operate,
and the following division was made:
For the First Congregational Church,
Rev. J. Wilber Chapman, evan
gelist; First Congregational, First
Christian, First Lutheran, First
Free Baptist. United Presbyte
rian, Fourth Congregational, United
Brethren, Thirty-fburth-street Meth
odist and Golden Gate Methodist
churches. For the First Presbyterian
Church meeting, Rev. Henry Ostrum
evangelist; First Presbyterian, First
Baptist, First Methodist, Oak Chapel
Congregational, Methodist Episcopal
South, Alden Presbyterian, Golden Gate
Baptist and Golden Gate Presbyterian.
The officers of the Central District
are: President#Rev. C. R. Brown; vice
pesldent. Rev. -H. J. Vosburgh; secre
tary, Rev. Paul Stewart.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
MISSING GIRL. RETURNS.—Oakland, Jan.
25. —Maude W r innie, seventeen years old. of 816
Thirtieth street, reported to the police by
Henry Winnie, her father, as missing since
Monday, returned home to-day. The girl aald
she had been with a girl friend.
SAT WOMAN IS A FRAUD. —Oakland, Jan.
25. —Osgood Bros., druggists, have complained
to the police that a woman has been fraudu
lently representing herself aa a saleswoman
of a lottery scheme for their firm. They as
sert they have no such plan In operation or
contemplation.
CLUB ELECTS OFFICERS. —Oakland, Jjm.
26. —The Oakland Canoe Club elected the fol
lowing officers at the last annual meeting:
Commodore, Charles Stewart; vice commodore,
F. B. Bain; secretary and treasurer, Frank
Paul; membership committee, S. A, Hackett
and R. B. Bain Jr.
BISHOP HAMILTON TO LECTURE.—Oak
land, Jan. 26.—"Alaska" will be the subject
of a lecture by Bishop Hamilton before the
New Era Cl«§> of the First Methodist Church
on Thursday evening, January 26. The lec
ture will be Illustrated with stereopticon views
and will be held in the parlors of the church..
It will be open to the public.
RECEPTION TO TEACHERS.—AIameda,
Jan. 25.—There will be a reception tendered
the teachers of the public schools by the yjJJJjV
tarlan Club on the 14th of April. It wiirMs
the first time that the Unitarian Club WTO
entertain the instructors, and the affair la to
be made an annual feature of the social life
ot the organization.
MRS. CATHERINE BURNETT'S DEMISE.
Alameda. Jan. 25.—Mrs. Catherine Burnett
passed away to-day at her home. Sl4 Buena
Vista avenue, from pneumonia. She waa a
native of Cornwall. England, and la survived
by seven children, Mrs. A. J. Vanderkiott ot
Chicago. Mrs. J. J. Atklna, Evan, John H.,
Richard, Frederick C. and William Burnett.
OLD RESIDENT EXPIRES.—Alameda, Jan.
26. —Anthony 8. Sousa, for thirty years a resl.
dent of this city, died this morning at the
family home, 1426 St. Charles street. He was
born In Portugal, sixty-five years ago and
leaves a wife and four grown children, An
thony T.. Mary Henry F. and Frank Sousa.
Hla funeral will be held from St. Joseph's
Church Friday morning.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. —Oakland, Jan. 25.
The following marriage license* were Issued
by tbe County Clerk to-day: James M. Wls
hart. 55, Oakland, and Mary E. Jones_ 60,
Pasadena; Willis H. Hale, 32, and Martha E.
Prlngle, 31. both of San Francisco; Paul
Musa, 21. and Helen Severtn, 20, both of San
Francisco; Alexander W. Lippi, over 21, San
Francisco, and Lenore L Garcia, aver 18, Oak
land: John 3. Begley, 40, San Francisco, and
Mary O'Shaughnessy, 36, Berkeley.
ENCAMPMENT INSTALLS.—AIameda. Jan.
25.—Sunset Encampment, I. O. O. F.. has in
stalled officers as follows: Chief patriarch,
William Nlcolson; high priest, G. A. Bense
man; senior warden. J. J. Knight; Junior
warden, F. P. Furey; scribe, Percy Fox;
treasurer. H. P. Wlchman; guards John Lar
kln and H. A. Dundock; guide. William Fish
er; first watch. Robert Decker; aecond watch.
J. H. Young; third watch. John Goldetone;
fourth watch. L. Smith; outside sentinel, J. a.
Jorgensen; Inside sentinel, Luclen Simon.
Repairs on School Under Way.
OAKLAND, Jan. 25. —Repairs have
been started orf the burned part of the
Lincoln School building. Superintend
ent of Schools McClymonds said there
would be only a few days' delay !n
resumption of ordinary use of the
rooms that were damaged by yester
day's fire.
Oakland's Rainfall.
OAKLAND, Jan. 25.—Rainfall for
the season to 1 o'clock this afternoon
was 16.86 Inches, as compared with
9.67 inches to corresponding date last
winter.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE. Jan. 25.—Tenders
have been asked for the building of great
breakwaters, moles and wartime defenses on
Valparaiso bay. to cost $12,500,000.
WANTS POLICE
TO TAKE SON
Foster-Father of Boy Found
in the Streets Says Youth
Is Beyond His Influence
AUTHORITIES IN DOUBT
*
Look Into Charge by Young
Prisoner Who Declares He
Was Turned Out of Home
«
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 25.
The police have been asked to take
charge of George H. Gordon, 13 years
old, an adopted son of Alexander P.
Gordon, an Oakland Traction Consoli
dated employe, who resides at the.
Globe Hotel, Thirteenth street and
Broadway. The boy was found late
last night wandering on the streets.
He declared his father had turned him
out. Police investigation followed. The
boy's foster parents said they could
not control him and were compelled io
lot him go adrift.
Gordon told Patrolman Caldwell that
George was an incorrigible runaway
and that there was no room for him in
the house. Further inquiry will be
made to determine whether Gordon
shall be compelled to care for his ward
or shall have the privilege of turning
him over to State control. A week
ago the boy was found in San Fran
cisco and was sent home by the police.
+ +
JAILS CLIENT
TO TEST LAW
Scavengers' Attorney Makes
a Move to Get Hearing in
the State Supreme Court
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 25.
After failing to-day to induce Chief
of Police Hodgkins to stop the arresting
of scavengers charged with violating
the garbage collecting laws, Attorney
James H. Creely, for the scavengers,
caused the arrest of one of his clients
that the legal warfare that is on may
be taken into the Supreme Court at
once. Creely purposes to consent to
immediate conviction and sentence of
this self sacrificing scavenger, get im
uaediate hearing In the Superior Court
aTfirming the police oourt Judgment,
then hasten to the highest tribunal
with an application for a writ of
habeas corpus on behalf of the impris
oned man.
On thiß programme Creely says he
expects to get a decision touching the
validity of the ordinance under which
the arrests are being made. His point
is that the city had no right to grant
the Pacific Incinerating Company its
franchise to collect and destroy the
city's refuse.
The company's attorney, L. S.
Church, was apprised to-day of the
move, and in reply declared that he
would be glad to try conclusions with
Creely before the Supreme Court.
Church said he believed the activity
on the part of the scavengers was due
to the injunction proceedings that have
been taken by the incinerating com
pany before the Unit* States Circuit
Court,
SENT TO JAIL FOR VOTING
OUTSIDE OF HIS PRECINCT
DENVER, Jan. 25.—Preston M.
Wigginton, an election Judge, who
pleaded-guilty to voting in a precinct
where he did not reside, ,was to-day
sentenced to jail for ninety days. This
is the first sentence imposed by the
Criminal Court for fraud committed at
the November election.
The Joint legislative committee hear
ing the Peabody-Adams gubernatorial
contest to-day continued hearing the
reports of the expert witnesses who
have been examining the ballot boxes.
The experts reported on eight ballot
boxes this afternoon. They reported
that they found 721 ballots written by
two or three persons. The total num
ber of ballots examined was 2645.
MISSING STEAMSHIP MAY
BE SAFE AT PORT ARTHUR
MANILA, Jan. 25.—1t is rumored
here that the Manila steamship Le
gazpi, which was believed to have been
lost, is at Port Arthur.
A dispatch from Manila on January
9 said that the owners of the iron
three-masted steamship Legazpi had
given up all hope of the vessel, which
was believed to. have foundered in the
China Sea, The Legazpi carried seven
passengers and a crew of sixty Fili
pinos.
MRS. CHADWICK FORMALLY
ADJUDGED A BANKRUPT
CLEVELAND, Jan. 25.—Mrs. Cas
sle L. Chadwick was to-day formally
adjudged a bankrupt In the United
States District Court by default. As a
result of the court's action the credit
ors will meet and elect a trustee to
take charg-e her property until It shall
be sold. Mrs. Chadwick remains in
Jail, being unable to secure bail.
Passengers Take to Bobsleds.
CEDAR RAPIDS. lowa, Jan. 26.—
A passenger train on the Decorah di
vision of the Rock Island was stalled
in a snowdrift all night near Inde
pendence. The passengers spent the
night in the coaches, but were res
cued to-day and taken to Independ
ence in bobsleds. The coaches were
kept warm and the passengers suf
fered little Inconvenience.
Ice Blocks Mississippi.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 25.—One man was
fatally, frozen to-day and many othfers
were severely frostbitten. For the first
time in three years the river is com
pletely blocked with ice.
CANNOT ASSESS RIGHT OF WAY.—The
Supreme Court handed down an opinion yes
terday declaring that a right of way could
not be assessed for street Improvements. The
Southern California Railroad Company owned
a right of way along a street in Los Angeles
and when property was assessed to cover the
cost of Improvements In the thoroughfare the
corporation was directed to make a contribu
tion. Under the decision the people who own
property abutting on the street to be im
proved will have to pay the entire expense.
AN "OPEN SHOP"
IS THEIR CRY
Owners of Thirty-Two Res
taurants Say They Will No
Longer Recognize a Union
ISSUE A PROCLAMATION
Labor Organizations to Con
sider the Situation at
Their 3leeting Next Sunday
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 25.
The owners of thirty-two restaurants
in this city have declared for the "open
shop" and have placed a $4000 forfeit
with the Citizens' Alliance to show that
they mean what they say. To-day they
issued a declaration of their intention,
stating that they will hereafter employ
union and non-union help without re
gard to trade affiliations. Following is
the notice of the Restaurant Keepers'
Association:
Headquarters 'of the Restaurant-Keepers'
Protective Association of Oakland—To whom
It may concern: On and after February 1.
1906, the restaurants owned by the members
of this association will be run aa "open shop,
the owner or owners reserving the right to
hire whom they please whether they be union
or non-union men. and to discharge them when
their service* are not considered satisfactory,
or for any other reason.
We will not recognise the businese agent,
or "walking delegate" of any cooks' and wait
ers' union, and whatever privilege* they may
have had on our premises in the past are
hereby revoked.
. The hours and wages of the cooks and
waiters ehall remain the same.
THE RESTAURANT-KEEPERS' PROTEC
TIVE ASSOCIATION OF OAKLAND.
Indorsed and Approved: Cltisene' Alliance
of Oakland.
While has been extant for some
days that such action was to be taken,
to-day's official notification is the first
aggressive step. The Cooks' and Wait
ers' Union has not as yet decided upon
what its attitude will be,'but It is said
that the matter will be placed before
the Central Lat>or Council at a meeting
to be held next Sunday, when the situ
ation will be discussed.
SLASHING WINDPIPE
CURES HER DISEASE
Chicago Woman Tries to Kill Her
self, but Lives to Surprise
of Doctors.
CHICAGO, Jan. 26.—The remark
able recovery of Mrs. John Leien
decker, who, after severing her wind
pipe over a month ago, is now almost
completely restored to health, is caus
ing astonishment not only among her
friends, but among medical men. A
peculiar feature of the case is the ap
parent removal of the disease which
had inspired the woman to take her
own life.
For many months Mrs. Leiendecker,
who is the widow of the late John
Leiendecker, for many years promi
nent in Democratic party councils, had
been ill with a chronic stomach
troublp, which caused "her much suf
fering. Seeing no prospect of relief
and crazed with pain, she secured a
sharp knife during the absence of her
nurse on December 21 and completely
severed her windpipe.
Within a few seconds after the in
cident the nurse returned to the room
and found the woman lying on the
hoor in a condition warranting small
hope of recovery. An instant call
brought a physician, who stitched the
wound with as much care aa though
the injury were but slight, and, to the
surprise of the physician, the nurse
and the patient herself, Mrs. Leien
decker has steadily Improved until
now she is able to be up.
MISSOURI SENATE REPEALS
THE BAKING POWDER LAW
Action Taken on Measure Ont of
Which Grew the Bribery
Charges.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Jan. 26.—
The Senate to-day passed a bill repeal
ing the law prohibiting the use of
alum in baking powders. This is the
old alum bill, which was held up In
the Senate two years ago and out of
which grew the indictment of the
State Senators charged with having
been bribed by Daniel J. Kelly, agent
of a baking powder company.
Senator Farris, who is under indict
ment on a charge of bribery in con
nection with this legislation, opposed
the bill in a vigorous speech, saying
he believed in pure food legislation.
He said He fought this legislation so
hard at the last session that his liberty
had been Jeopardized.
MURDERER SURRENDERS
AFTER ALL-NIGHT BATTLE
CLEVELAND, Jan. 26.—After de
fying the police throughout the night
from behind barricades. George Wagar,
who late last night killed his brother,
John, and later shot Policeman Klaa
myer through the abdomen, Anally
surrendered to-day after more than
twenty shots had been fired into the
Wagar residence, where the tragedy
was enacted. When the officers en
tered the house they found the body
of John Wagar lying in an upstairs
room with five bullet wounds in the
head.
FRANK CHOKER'S BODY
ARRIVES IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.—The body of
Frank Croker. son of Richard Croker,
who died as a result of an automobile
accident on the Ormonde Beach (Fla.)
course last Saturday, reached this city
to-day. On the train, accompanying
the body, was the dead man's mother
and other members of his family. A
committee appointed by the Demo
cratic Club met the body and escorted
it to the family residence on East
Seventy-fourth street.
Sister of Mercy Dead.
Sister Mary Stanislaus Radrigues.
who. as a Sister of Mercy, devoted the
better part of her long life to charity
died in this city Tuesday. She waa 71
years old and a native of Santa Cruz
Lower California. The funeral wili
take place to-morrow at 9:30 a. m.
from St. Catherine's Home, formerly
the Magdalen Asylum, at the termina
tion of a high mass that will be cel
ebrated for the repose of her soul. In
terment will be in Holy CroSa Ceme
tery.
OETS NO SHARE OF ESTATE.—The Su
preme Court decided yesterday that Anna
Louttlt Is not entitled to a share of the estate
left by Cecilia Holt of Sacramento. The de
cedent Provided that a part of her property
should be divided between her "nieces and
nephews." The plaintiff was a daughter by i
former husband of the woman who married
a brother of the testatrix. Mrs. Louttlt said
she was therefore a niece of Mrs. Holt. Th*
Supreme Court cannot se a the relationship
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
*148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
14*5 Park Street.
MASKED DESPERADOES
HOLD UP A RESTAURANT
Daring Crime Is Committed in One of
the Most Fashionable Eating
Places in Los Angelea.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 26.—Two mask
ed men heavily armed and roughly
dressed entered the Beaumont Cafe at
Fifth and Main streets, one of the most
fashionable restaurants of the city,
this morning and held up C. Vielle,
the proprietor, and four of his waiter*
and then before the eye* of half a hun
dred guests composing several after
theater parties, marched their viotime
upstairs, searched them and then
made their escape, shooting aa they
ran.
Vielle and his waiters ware In the
barroom when the robbers entered and
before they knew of the presence of
the criminals the were ordered to
throw up their hands and turning
found themselves covered with four
large revolvers, each of the robbers
having two. . .
When their victims obeyed and ele
vated their hands each of the robber*
dropped one gun into a holster, and still
keeping their victims covered they
opened the cash register and took
therefrom more than $200. They then
searched a desk for valuable* and found
more money, the exact amount not be
ing known. When they turned to drive
their victims before them the robber*
overlooked one waiter, and he ran oat
and gave the alarm. Hearing his cries
on the street the robbers ran, and when
a crowd followed them they began
shooting. A policeman followed them
in an automobile and exchanged shots
with them, but they darted through a
narrow alley and were seen no more.
LEAVES NO EVIDENCE
WHY SHE TOOK HER LIFE
Lillian Vincent Ends Her Earthly
Troubles by Swallowing Quan
tity of Morphine Powder.
Lillian Vincent, a comely woman. 25
years old, took her life yesterday after
noon by swallowing a quantity of mor
phine powder in her apartments at the
Collonade Hotel, 219 Eddy street.
The woman was discovered by an em
ploye of the house in an unconscious
condition. She was removed to the
Central Emergency Hospital, but the
efforts of Dr. Wilson to save her were
futile, as the woman was beyond medi
cal assistance, and she died a few hours
later.
Miss Vincent had been living at the
house for the last five months. Noth
ing is known of her more than she waa
a good roomer and of modest habits.
She left a little box carefully wrapped
addressed to her parents, who live in
Fresno. It is supposed to contain a
few pieces of Jewelry.
The woman left no explanation of
why she took her life. At the hospital
the physician found that she died from
the effects of morphine poisoning. Her
body was removed to the Moraue.
LIBERAL GOVERNMENT
OF ONTARIO DEFEATED
TORONTO. Ont., Jan. 25.—The Lib
eral Government of G. W. Ross was
overwhelmingly defeated at the polls
to-day, the votes standing: Conserva
tives 69, Liberals 29, a majority of 40
seats.
Premier Ross retained his seat by
only 30 votes, while five of his Min
isters—G. M. Gibson, Attorney General;
J. Katchford, Secretary of State; Mr.
Evanturel, Minister without portfolio;
John Dryden, Minister of Agriculture,
and W. H. Charlton, Minister of Crown
Lands—were defeated.
All of the cities except Ottawa went
Conservative, the plurality for the op
position reaching 1000 in Toronto. J. P.
Whitney, the new Premier, had nearly
1000 majority.
The issue in the campaign waa the
charges of ballot box stuffing, bribery,
etc., made against the Government,'
which has been in power for thirty
two years.
FRENCH STEAMSHIP
WRECKED NEAR NANTES
PARIS, Jan. 26.—The Compagnle
Generale Transatlantique Company's
steamship Alexandre Blxlo, Captain
Pilon, 2175 tons, from Colon and
West Indian ports for Havre, has been
totally wrecked near Nantes. There
were no casualties.
Police Recover Stolen Jewelry.
PASADENA, Jan. 25a— Another large
lot of Jewelry, valued at $5000, sup
posed to have been stolen by the trio
of hotel thieves now in Pasadena Jail,
has been recovered by the local police.
It was found in a secluded spot on the
Kekwan Lake wash, a short distance
from the clubhouse of the Pasadena
Country Club, on South Lake avenue,
by Captain Austin.
Appoint Members of Dairy Bureau.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 25.—Governor
Pardee has appointed the following as
members of the State Dairy Bureau:
W. Frank Pierce of Oakland, vice John
O. Flannery, deceased, and G. R.
Sneath of San Mateo County, vice Dr.
Thomas Flint.
Favor Rate Regulation.
DENVER. Jan. 25.—The General
Assembly of Colorado adopted a me
morial to Congress to-day supporting
President Roosevelt's position regard
ing the regulation of railroad rates.
CEDAR RAPIDS, la.. Jan. 25.—Ex-Gov
ernor William Larrabee of Clearmount. before
the lowa State Manufacturers' Association,
aroused much enthusiasm when he declared
In favor of free coal and lumber.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Mlt is always sunrise
somewhere in the world."
Pears' Soap is sold all over
the world.
Established t*e,DECLARES YOELL
WAS ECCENTRIC
"Witnesses Tell of Peculiar
Actions of the Pioneer
Whose Will Is Contested
DAUGHTER TAKES STAND
Mrs. Emily Dunn Says That
Her Father Once Chanted
Kock of Ages in a Theater
♦
Further revelations of the eccentrici
ties of J. Alexander Yoell's character
were made in Judge Kerrigan's court
yesterday. John Farnham, formerly
Public Administrator of this city, oc
•cupied a room near the Santa Clara
pioneer when he passed away at High
land Springs.
..'According to Farnham the last words
'tittered by Yoell were startling to say
the least. "Jesus, dear Jesus," pleaded
•the old man In his last breath, "I can- j
• not stand this any longer. I must get !
a drink of whisky." The strange re- j
quest was not fulfilled, for on the fol- !
.lowing- morning Yoell was found dead
in his bed.
Mrs. Emily F. Dunn, one of the dis
inherited children by Yoell's second
wife, gave a long account of her father s
peculiar actions. She declared that one j
night when she and her sister Gertrude
.were at the Grand Opera-house with i
their father he suddenly burst into
song. Despite their protests Yoell
ihanted "Rock of Ages" in a high key,
.disturbing the entire audience. Mr?.
Dunn related an incident that occurred
in the Yoell home at San Jose, which
was intended to show that the old
man's mind was clouded with wild sus
•pioions against the world in general.
Mrs, Dunn was talking to Mrs. James
de la Montanya when old Yoell came
lntd the room. Though up to that time
the pioneer had always greeted Mrs.
Montanya cordially and addressed her
by her first name, he refused to talk to
her then. "Afterward," Mrs. Dunn de
clared, "he accused me of plotting with
the guest."
F- W. Shroeder, proprietor of a resort I
in Monterey County, said that while
Yoell stopped at his resort the old
' man's conduct was decidedly irrational.
Shroeder said that Yoell disturbed the
guests of the place by alternately pray
. ing and rursing in a loud tone of voice.
Because of these disturbances Shroeder
was. forced to order Yoell from the
place.
. Mrs. Dunn said that after her father I
had held a consultation with Mrs. Eva- |
line Levy he changed entirely his attl- I
tude toward the rest of his children. |
Before that, she declared, she and her
father-had been on friendly terms.
The case will be resumed at 10:30 I
o'rior«k this morning, when depositions:
taken in San Jose are expected to be
forthcoming.
Workman Killed.
E. M. Carlson, an oiler employed at
the Union Iron Works, died in the
California General Hospital yesterday
Of injuries received on the preceding
by being struck by a traveling
crane while at work. He lived at 215 1
Arkansas street and was 61 years old. ;
r
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL. j
< .
i
' IVw People Know How Useful It Is
in Preserving Health and Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that char- j
. coal is the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature, but I
fe-w realize its value when taken into
' the human system for the same cleans- |
ing'puroose.
. Charcoal is a remedy that the more
yon take of it the better; it is not a
.. drug at all, but simply absorbs the
gases and impurities always present in
the ctornach and intestines and carries
' them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
smoking, drinking or after eating j
' onfons and other odorous vegetables. I
'• Charcoal effectually clears and im- j
proves the complexion, it whitens the
teeth and further acts as a natural and '
eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the injurious gases which !
collect in the stomach and bowels; it i
'. '.disinfects the mouth and throat from !
• the poison of catarrh.
All .druggists sell charcoal In one
form or another, but probably the best
charcoal and the most for the money j
is in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges: they
"are composed of the finest powdered
WJllow charcoal, and other harmless
antiseptics in tablet form or rather In ;
the form of large, pleasant tasting loz
enges, the charcoal being mixed with •
heney.
The daily use of these lozenges will
soon tell in a much Improved condition !
of the general health, better complex- i
ion, sweeter breath and purer blood,
and the beauty of it is, that no possible
. harm can result from their continued ;
use. but on the contrary, great benefit.
A Buffalo physician in speaking of
the benefits of charcoal, says: "I ad- i
viae Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges to all I
patients suffering from gas in stom- i
ach and bowels, and to clear the com- !
plexion and purify the breath, mouth '•
and throat; I also believe the HVer is 1
greatly benefited by the daily use of
them; they cost but 25 cents a box at
drug stores, and although in some sense
a patent preparation, yet I believe I j
get more and better charcoal in Stuart's
Charcoal Lozenges than in any of the
ordinary charcoal tablets."
No Breakfast Table
complete without
EPPS'S
The Cream of Cocoas.
COCOA
The Most Nutritious
and Economical.
SHERWOOD & SHERWOOD.PacIfIc Coaat Agrts
IrAtrTcflg] CTRE S,CK nEAD- AtIIE
CAHItnO _ ■ _
Sittle Genuine Must Bear
■ IVER Fac-Simile Signature
llMi 1 /^^^^^^_
i st Eig«toronn»tcral
AmmV* '» .V 8« dUchargM.innammationa.
£325& o«»rant«<l M iriilattonc or ulcer atloai
fajj jot to urUtore. of mucous nieml>ran«i.
jC~T| Prenatal CnUitra. Paln'iMt. and not Mtriß-
R»ITH£ EMIISCHEMiaALCo. g»nt or petonoua.
ttflntflk 0IH01«!UTI.8fMB| **T DronrUla,
wEm&. TBS" or ••snt In plain wrappati
ffrnfffcii l>» prepaid. It
$ 1.00. or 3 b*ttl«i aa.ro.
■ ClreaUr feet ea m«>*li
FRATERNAL WOE
TOUCHES COURT
GUSHING TEARS OF TWO
KEENANS WIN MERCY.
But Pat Must Serve Fifteen Days for Bombard
ing Workshop of His Brother John.
It was not the first appearance of the
Keenan brothers. Tat and John, before
Police Judge Cabaniss, and, as on each
of the preceding occasions, Pat was ac
cused of having disturbed the peace of
John, who makes and mends shoes at
303 Kentucky street. The court record
showed that for his first offense, black- |
ening John's eyes, Pat was sentenced j
to ten days' imprisonment, that he
wept himself clear of charge No. 2, j
smiting John's head with a stovelid, j
and that he obtained dismissal of ac- ;
cusation No. 3, wrecking John's work- ,
shop, by solemnly swearing to abstain |
from indulgence in intoxicating liquors ;
for a period of six months. He had !
stuck to his pledge just two weeks j
when he relapsed and again was ar
rested for bombarding John's place of
business.
Tears of contrition dripped from Pat's
nose as he begged for leniency. "If you
send me to Jail," he blubbered, "I'll
lose a job that has been promised me."
"I'm tired of your weeping and your
promises, Pat," said his Honor, "and
am thinking of putting you away and
assuring peace for your brother until
sixty days have come and gone."
Pat fairly bellowed his grief, and
John's eyes, too, seemed to be pained
by the court's declaration of intention.
It was apparently in deference to the
latter's state of feeling that the Judge
reduced the penalty to thirty days,
whereupon Pat emitted another wail
and John whispered across the bench,
"Judge, I wish you'd cut it down."
"Well, I'll make it fifteen days, and
that's final," was the response. Then
to the bailiff his Honor shouted: "Take
these lachrymose kinsmen away from
here, else their combined pleading is
likely to result In this court handing to
Pat $15 in cash instead of sentencing
him to fifteen days in jail."
Pat's departing cry was heavily laden
with anguish. John's tears were silent
ly shed.
• * •
As the violin virtuoso scrapes his soul
into the strings and brings it out in
convincing strains, so did Mtss Dollie
Wallace's attorney thunder his con
victions into the ears of the jury In
Judfre Mogan's court and compel a
verdtct of acquittal In the time con
sumed by polling the twelve good and
true members.
Miss Wallace was one of many wom
en charged with being inmates of a dis
orderly house on Jackson street, and as
the outcome of her trial was regarded
as the establishing of a precedent for
disposal of the others the attorney put
the best he had into his closing argu
ment. If there was one man without
sin on that panel, he said, would he be
so kind as to throw the first stone at
that defendant. Would the gentlemen
please remember that In the matter of
morals women are pretty much what
men make them? Was It necessary for
him to suggest that his client may have
been more sinned against than sinning?
Let not the occupants of that Jury box
cease to remember that they had moth
ers—maybe sisters, wives, sweethearts.
But enough of sentiment. There was a
practical side to the case that should
not be overlooked. San Francisco Is no
village, but a metropolitan seaport,
with a material future so bright that
the mere thought of it was dazzling.
Was that future to be blighted by a
narrow communal spirit of Puritanism?
Was the growth to still greater great
ness of this queen city of the
Pacific to be hampered by the
Importation of blue laws? Are
the sailors, the soldiers, the men
from the valleys, the forests and
the mountains to be confronted on
every hand by legalized restrictions
when they come to San Francisco in
quest of recreation and incidentally to
spend their money? • No—a hundred
times no! One glance at the intelli
gence therein impaneled sufficed to
satisfy any observer of ordinary acu
men that its verdict would be not
guilty.
c. • ■ •
In defense of his copious expectora
tion upon a sidewalk at Powell and
Ellis streets Claude Plum pleaded
Ignorance of the existence of a pro
hibitory ordinance. He had Just ar
rived here from his home at Igerna,
Siskiyou County, where there are no
sidewalks.
"I, too, have been there," said
Prosecuting Attorney Weller to Judge
Conlan, "and can vouch for the truth
of Mr. Plum's statement anent the
absence of sidewalks. Besides so
( lose to the northern State line is
Igerna that the residents who expec
torate upon the highways do not know
whether California or Oregon receives
their salivary deposits. I move for
dismissal."
And dismissal was Ordered.
•* • •
Maria Manning, about 20 years of
age and married, maliciously black
ened the eyes of her mother, Mrs. An
nie Bessel, in the latter's home on
Sixth street, but maternal forgiveness
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD. /
saved the young woman from punish
ment more severe than a scolding by
Judge Cabaniss.
• • •
"Who put the strychnine in Mrs.
Gustave Ahlstedt's coffee pot?" re
mains an unsolved problem, for Judge
Mogan dismissed the charge of at
tempt to poison which the lady had
filed against her husband. They
dwelt on Jessie street and before their
union each of them had a tempestu
ous marital experience.
• • c
A. Roth, who hammered the heads
of Mr. and Mrs. Smallman with a
monkey wrench because they pro
tested against having the water sup
ply of their flat shut off by him, was
held by Judge Conlan to answer in the
Superior Court to the charge of as
sault with a deadly weapon.
• * •
Harold Frederick Deguliar Jackson,
a seller of books, complained that the
interminable wrangling indulged in by
H. T. Lally and wife in the upper flat
of 2658 Market street disturbed the
peace of the lower flat, in which Mrs.
Jackson was prostrated by illness and
therefore unable to escape the over
head racket. Judge Cabaniss contin
ued the case one month, by which
time, it is predicted, the Lallys will
either have changed their place of
residence or decided to bridle their
tongues.
If he had been an untamed mouse
at large Charles Roberts could not
have more thoroughly terrified the
feminine attaches of the candy store
on Market street, near Sixteenth, Into
which he pursued a man he desired to
whip. The hunted one found conceal
ment and in quest of him Charles dis
played a mien so menacing as to scare
the saleswomen and provoke the pro
prietor of the place to attempt his ex
pulsion. It was Patrolman Foley who
finally reduced Charles to docility,
however, after a struggle in which the
officer did not get the worst of the ex
changes. Judge Mogan will hear more
about it to-morrow.
• • •
With battered face and head
swathed In bandages, Richard Dor
sey, a strapping fellow, denied that
he was the man who alarmed certain
nurses at the California Women's
Hospital, 1318 Sacramento street, by
prowling on the porches of that insti
tution and trying to effect an entrance
to the dormitories. Miss Isabella Rob
ertson, however, said she was pretty
certain that he It was who at 4 o'clock
yesterday morning attempted to force
a way into her room through the win
dow, and several other nurses opined
that the right man was captured.
Judge Fritz will hear all the details
to-morrow.
Dorsey's cranial injuries were ad-
ministered with clubs swung by Pa
trolmen Mclntyre, Doyle and Kenny,
who responded to the call telephoned
to the O'Parrell-street station by the
affrighted Miss Robertson. He had
leaped from the hospital balcony and
run nearly a block when the officers
caught him and then he resisted them
so fiercely that their club play was
necessary to effect his subjugation. He
said he was a sailor, but could not re
member the name of his ship. The
police believe he has a bad record and
are trying to ascertain it.
The man who terrorized the nurses
had been playing "Peeping Tom" sev
eral nights prior to Dorsey's capture.
His visits were invariably made after
midnight, and several times he was
seen on the balconies endeavoring to
peep Into the nurses' sleeping rooms,
but In the darkness his features could
not be distinguished. It was about 3
o'clock yesterday morning when Miss
Robertson was first awakened by the
noise at her window and her screams
attracted to the apartment the other*
nurses. They searched the balconies,
but no trace of the intruder was
found. An hour later he repeated his
attempt and the police summons was
sent in.
• • •
Rudolph Schwartz alleges that he
was given knockout drops and robbed
by Charles Brown in the latter's
apartments at 321 Sansome street, the
total value of his loss being $35.
Schwartz and Brown are members of
a secret society, and Schwartz believed
that Brown waa animated by a frater
nal spirit when he suggested the visit
to the room to Indulge in "a little
drink." Judge Mogan has the case
well in hand and may dispose of it
to-morrow.
• • •
William C. Pedin was amusing him
self by blowing cigar smoke into the
face of a woman who was awaiting a
car on Mission street when a police
man spoiled the Joke by arresting
him. The woman failed to appear in
court and Mr. Pedln's fate Is depend
ent upon the findings of the police
man, who is now investigating his
character.
• • •
Jerry Fairbanks, who sells horse
racing literature at Ellis and Powell
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY. JANUARY 26, 1905.
CODLIN MOTH'S
ENEMY THRIVES
Great News for Orchard Men
Is Fact That Imported
Parasite Is Doing Well
HAS A DEADLY RAPIER
In Arena of Glass It Is |
Seen to Stab Larva to
Death and Deposit Eggsj
Farmers and fruit growers will be in
terested in the Information that the
beneficial parasite imported into Cali
fornia for the extermination of the cod
lin moth is thriving in the ferry building
in this city. Daily Messrs. Ehrhorn and
Carnes of the State Horticultural Com
missioner's staff receive proof of this
highly significant statement. If the
parasite does as well in the open in or
chards when placed to perform the work
required as it is doing In the ferry
building millions of dollars will be add
ed to the value of the apple crops of
California in a very few years.
Some days ago the parasites began to
hatch quite numerously. In large glass
jars files of a peculiarly glossy luster
appeared, one after another, and soon
began to viciously attack sliced apples
that had been previously placed in the
jars. The apple was eaten, so say the
entomologists, solely because of the
drink its juice afforded. After a good
drink or two apiece of applejack the
flies started in upon their real work—
the killing of worms that would turn
into codlin moths, and the depositing of
eggs in the bodies of the worms, which
would serve as food for the future
young of the parasite.
The transparent glass jars afforded
Messrs. Ehrhorn and Carnes rare op
portunities to watch the entire process.
They are devoted students of the nat
ural phenomena supplied for the in
struction. The parasite fly has long,
wiry legs of strength that would be un
suspected on a casual examination. It
also has a sword—that is. the female
fly has—and this thin, rapier-like point,
incredible as the fact may appear, is
sufficiently strong and is wielded with
enough vigor to perforate repeatedly
thick layers of apple tree bark and to
stab to death with repeated and rapid
wounds the worm that is directly un
derneath the bark.
This sword-like appendage is charged
with the eggs of the fly parasite. When
It wounds the worm to death It leaves
the eggs in the wounds to hatch. To
make all the experimental conditions
perfect the Horticultural Commissioner
had codlin moth worms brought to this
city In considerable quantities. He also
provided for the worms quantities of
apples, by the box, which the worms
promptly attacked, the apple being
their particular food. The worms paved
the way for future codlin moths, and so
the enemy of the apple and the enemy
of the codlin moth were produced in
the same room, under constant inspec
tion, and an insect tragedy was pre
meditatedly prepared for the pleasure
of any one who wished to watch the
minute gladiators in their arena of
glass.
Boughs from apple trees are also I
placed under glass. The bark on these
boughs has been so perforated that the
codlin moth worm crawls easily under
it. Then comes the fly parasite from
Europe and by marvelous instinct lo- |
cates the invisible worm from Watson- :
ville or other California point with un
erring certainty. Then follows the pro- !
cess of stabbing the worm to death, as
already described. The fly parasite has
been seen to stab several worms to
death, and In each the eggs of the fu
ture flies, to stab to death other worms j
and so cut off the supply of codlin
moths, have been deposited. In fact,
the insect tragedies seem to proceed in
an endless chain.
George Compere, who discovered the j
deadly enemy of the codlin moth in Eu
rope after twice circling the globe In
search of it, will be here soon. As soon I
as the weather is favorable the first
distribution of the codlin moth para
sites will be made. Compere will accom
pany the Horticultural Commissioner's
representatives to some orchard which
is determined to have about the same
conditions as the European orchard
where the parasites were discovered.
When the favorable surroundings are
thus provided nature is supposed to do
the remainder of the work, and not
only California, but all of horticultural
America, will look on with interest
based on financial as well as scientific
considerations. The success of the ex
periment will mean that the apple crop
of the United States will be doubled
from the same acreage In a few years
as soon as the parasite has had a chance
to become domesticated all over the
land.
BRENNAN NEED NOT TELL
WHAT HE DID WITH MONEY
Judge Sloss Sustains Important Ob
jection to Question Asked by
Father Grey's Attorney.
The question, "What did you do with
that money?" which Attorney M. C.
Hassett propounded more than a week
ago to Dr. James F. Brennan for the
purpose of tracing the funds the doc
tor Is charged with having taken from
Father P. J. Grey, need not be an
swered, at least at this stage of the
trial. When the question was asked,
Brennan's attorney, William M. Can
non, objected and several sessions of
court have been devoted to arguments
on both sides. Yesterday Judge Sloss
sustained the objection, as he did ob- i
jections to % other questions of the same
purport relating to Brennan's deposit
and withdrawal of $5000 from bank.
Hassett declared to the court that he
desired to proye that Bfennan drew
$5000 In March. 1903, when he sup
posed Father Grey was about to die,
and redeposlted It in April, when the
aged priest had recovered. The hear
ing will be resumed this morning.
Wyman Argument Postponed.
The argument on the motion for a
new trial in the case of Charles Wy
man. convicted of fraudulently voting
at the last primary election, was to
have taken place before Judge Law
lor yesterday afternoon. As there
was a case on trial the Judge decided
to postpone the argument on the Wy
man motion to-morrow morning.
Bankrupt Oil Promoter.
Frank Barrett, an oil land promot
er, filed a petition In insolvency yes
terday in the United States District
Court. He owes $15,320 and haa
$2900 assets. Nearly all his creditors
reside in the East. Some of the debts
were contracted as far back aa 1882.
streets, was arrested for expectorating*
upon the sidewalk while pursuing his
vocation and when he pleaded that
the fog waa so thick that he could not
aim with accuracy, his intention being
to anoint the roadway, Judge Mogan
took his word for it and dismissed I
him. |
CLUNIE WANTS
FINAL ACCOUNT
Bridgford Declines to Give
It Unless There Is Prom
ise Not to Contest Trust
HOT WORDS OVER BOOKS
Law Library Belonging to
Estate Makes Bad Feeling
Between the Executors
There were more displays of ill feel
ing between the executors of the Thom
as J. Clunie estate at yesterday's hear
ing of Andrew J. Clunie's objections to
the accounts of Executors E. A. Bridg
ford and Burrell G. White.
Clunie declared that the affairs of the
estate were In shape to permit the
filing of a final account by the execu
tors at once. Judge Bridgford admit
ted the truth of the statement, but de
clared that he would not make the ac
count until it was guaranteed that Clu
nle would not contest the Jack Clunle
trust. "If he will elect now not to con
test the trust we will file a final account
within a week." said Bridgford.
This made Clunle angry. He demand
ed that the court order the executors
to file the final account forthwith, and
said that there was a difference be
tween an account and a petition for
distribution. "They have no right to
say that I must waive my rights as a
legatee."
Bridgford retorted: "I propose to
make Mr. Clunie elect what he will do
as to contesting this trust. We propose
to file a petition for partial distribution
to Jack Clunie and force him to show
his hand."
Judge Coffey declined to make the or
der requested by Mr. Clunie at this
time.
Clunie questioned Bridgford as to the
law books In the latter*s office, which
he claimed belonged to the Clunie es
tate and had not been returned in the
inventory. Judge Grant asked him why
he had not claimed the ownership be
fore the inventory was made. Clunie re
plied, "I did not want to accuse Bridg
ford of stealing the books. I was sensi
tive about hurting his feelings."
"You have outgrown that sensitive
ness," remarked Judge Coffey, and Mr.
Clunle admitted that he had.
While Clunie was examining Judge
Grant as to his fee of $8000. the latter
said that If it were not allowed by the
court as a charge against the execu
tors he would probably charge it
against the trustees of the estate.
"So you mean to get It anyway,"
shouted Clunie, "regardless of the de
cision of the court."
The hearing probably will be conclud
ed this afternoon.
VISIT OF BURGLARS TO
BARBER SHOP DISCOVERED
Police Make Investigation and Come
to Conclusion That Intention Was
to Rob Neighboring Saloon.
When the barber shop of William
Baron at O'Farrell street and Grant
avenue was ou'ened for business yes
terday morning there was evidence of
the fact that it had been visited by
burglars during the night A hole
had been bored in the front door to
enable the lock to be worked. The
police were notified and Detectives
Dinan and Wren were detailed on the
case.
As nothing had been taken from the
barber shop the officers made a thor
ough Investigation of the premises
and came to the conclusion that the
hole in .the door had been made from
the Inside. The shop is under Caley
& Roeder's saloon and it is the the
ory 'of the officers that the burglars
had been in the saloon and had gone
to the basement, opening the door
leading from the shop to the saloon
with a skeleton key. Their Intention
had been to hide in the shop till the
saloon closed at 3 o'clock in the
morning and then rob it. A Chinese
who sleeps in the saloon commences
work as soon as it iss closed and his
reappearance disconcerted the burg
lars and they made their escape
through the front door of the barber
shop. _
When a man offers you a cigar, and
you know he is doing it purely a3 a
matter of courtesy, should you take it
or rtfuse it":
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NO BRANCH STORES IN THIS SALE
SCOTCH PLAID TAILORS
SAN FRANCISCO STORE ONLY
Our Biggest Clean-Up Sale t 0 h f e Season ~j
ANY SUIT OR OVERCOAT IN OUR HOUSE MADE TO OROER FOR igv
NO MORE Jj)l0»00 N° LESS
We have just closed out from one of the finest merchant A
tailoring houses in New York City $12,500.00 worth of the finest jj 46&&fx£
up-to-date Woolens, sold from $3.00 to $7.50 per yard. Suits MffijCT3Bfe^
they made to order for $25.00 to $50.00. We will put these on ffß^t^WlO\
Thursday 26th, Friday 27th, Saturday 28th, Monday 30th, %MmWmWk
FOR. 4 DAYS ONLY IOM lEstR
Your Choice of Any of These Suits for Wi
No More and 4a IA AA Made to djj ESwT
No Less C[Jl\/«\/Vf Order 11^^^^;
We paid about 25c on the dollar for these fine imported IwfcPrajSpf^u
Woolens, and they are here and on sale in blacks and blues and l
fancy worsteds. Our working capacity is 2000 suits or over- v-iS^wuE3'^^
coats per month. Every garment made in our own workshop \1 \
under our own supervision. Fit and workmanship guaranteed Arfffttm
the very best. This sale is for 4 days only—Thursday, Friday, RL
Saturday and Monday. Remember, 4 days only. wßffPt
SCOTCH PLAID TAILORS Jf
1009 MARKET STREET wg
SAN FRANCISCO STORE OX LV. JsSm^*^
No Branch Stores in This Sale. | mmu f m
COLLIER STARS
IN DAVIS'
FARCE.
THEATRICAL. STAR WHO WILL.
MAKE HIS FIRST APPEARANCE
HERE IN "THE DICTATOR"
The first appearance here of William
Collier since he became a star under
the direction of Charles Frohman is
announced for two weeks, commencing
January 30, at the Columbia Theater.
He will present the farce "The Dicta
tor," written by Richard Harding Da
vis, the author of many successful
plays and books. Most excellent re
ports of the success that Mr. Collier
has met with In this play have reached
this city; it is said to suit him better
than any In which he has appeared. It
has been described as being excruciat
ingly funny and to create Incessant
laughter.
The subject deals with the peculiar
methods used In the Central American
republics. It is a satire on the upris
ings and revolutions, which are almost
a dally occurrence, and the trials and
tribulations of the American Consul.
Mr. Collier seems to have made a grand
start under the direction of Charles
Frohman, "The Dictator" having been
seen for five months- at the Criterion
Theater, New York, in a very prosper
ous engagement.
Says Car Damaged Hearse.
Because a Mission-street car crashed
into a hearse and Interrupted a funeral
on August 21 last Undertaker Henry
J. McAvoy yesterday sued the United
Railroads for 15000 damages. He re
cites that the hearse contained the
body of a deceased person and part of
his claim for damages Is based upon
an alleged Injury to the good name
and good will of his business.
The United Carriage Company also
has a grievance against the United
Railroads. In a suit for $800 damages
it is charged that a horse , was killed
and a coupe splintered by a collision
with a car on H street, near Eighth
avenue, on November 27 last. ✓
Travel Talk.
Mr. Frederick W. Prince will talk of
"A Jaunt to Chicago" at Y. M. C. A.
Auditorium. Tuesday. January 31; admis
sion twenty-flve cents.
There will be 200 magnificent stereop
tlcon slides; grand views of Yosemite and
beautiful pictures of the Grand Canyon
of Arizona; interesting glimpses of Moki
land and the snake dance. Tickets on
sale at office of Y. M. C. A., Mason and
Ellis streets. •
Bartender Suffocated.
Henry Beversdorf, a bartender in
the service of W. J. Gr Muhl. was suf
focated last Tuesday night In his bed
at the corner of Ninth avenue and
Fulton street. Gas was escaping from
an open burner. The window was
open for about ten inches at the top
and Beversdorfs clothes were folded
neatly on a chair. He retired to his
room intoxicated at half past 2 o'clock
yesterday morning. His friends be
lieve that his death was accidental.
He was a native of Germany, 40 years
old and unmarried.
Thought is stronger than blows.
TO COMPROMISE
SUIT FOR GRAIN
Attorneys in the Bank Case
Draw Agreement for Di
vision of Eppinger Assets
CLIENTS WILL DECIDE
If Plan Is Accepted Long
Legal Controversy Among
Creditors Will Be at End
An agreement out of court for a di
vision of the $102,000 received from the
sale of the remnant of the Eppinger
grain will probably be made by the
claimants In a day or two. Yesterday
during the progress of the trial in
Judge Murasky's court of the suit be
tween the banks to determine the own
ership of the grain Attorney Powers,
representing the Nevada Bank, sug
gested that the seventeen lawyers pres
ent take a few minutes to discuss a
compromise. They retired to the Jury
room adjoining the court, and after the
scaling down of various demands prac
tically agreed upon a scheme of distri
bution which will be at once submitted
to their clients. In the meantime the
trial was continued until next Tuesday,
when the settlement, if made, will be re
ported to the court.
The attorneys declined to state the
respective amounts to be given the
claimants, but said that there would be
three classes of creditors —those who
hold warehouse receipts for lots of
grain that have been identified, those
who hold warehouse receipts but have
no grain to show for them, and, third,
the Eppinger trustee In bankruptcy,
who will distribute his share for the
benefit of all the Eppinger creditors.
It was learned that the largest allow
ance to a bank claiming specific lots
of grain was $12,000 to the American
National. The Bank of Monterey was
given $4400, Wells-Fargo $4000 and the
Bank of Yolo $3000. The other figures
were not divulged.
At the opening of yesterday's session
James Demings, the superintendent of
the warehouse at Crockett, was again
subjected to cross-examination by At
torney Friedenrlch, who was attempt
ing to lay a foundation for the Impeach
ment of the witness.
Cited for Contempt.
R. A. Crothers and Fremont Older,
proprietor and managing editor, re
spectively, of the Bulletin, were cited
for contemnt of court by Judge Cook
yesterday for publishing reflections On
his judicial course. The criticism was
directed particularly at, the smallness
of the bail bond Judge Cook exacted
of women taken in Grand Jury raids.
The amount was $20. The petitions
for writs of habeas corpus are still
pending, and on the ground that the
publication interfered therefore with
the administration of justice the news
paper men were cited. They will ap
pear this morning at 10 o'clock.
Father Accuses Daughters.
Andreas Zihn, aged executor of .the
estate of his wife. Abigail A. D. Zihn,
who died In 1901, yesterday applied
to the Probate Court for an order com
pelling his daughters, Elizabeth,
Emma and Clara, to account to him
for large sums In rents, the collection
of which he intrusted to them. He
says he has demanded a report, which
they refused. Zihn already haa civil
suits pending against the daughters for
reconveyance of valuable property,
which, he says, he deeded to them in
trust.
Ask for Log Cabin bread at grocers and
branch bakeries. Wholesale. 800 Dolores st. •
Sneak Thieves Keep Busy.
Mrs. A. T. Sills. 607 Post street re
ported to the police yesterday ♦.'iat th<*
rooms of H. T. lielmer and J. C
Hampson had been entered and a gold
watch and $11 in coin stolen Isaac
I.'udie, 306 Sixth street, reported that
a dozen shirts had been stolen from
the front of his store. A report was
also made that carpenters' tools to the
value of $10 50 had been stolen from
a new building at Clay and Spruce
streets.
There are nearly 100 High streets
in London.
T8
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOH X 1 > SIT.IX XI 5 .... .. Proprietor
~ ' ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN MeN AI'GHT "" ..Manager
pcBLicATioN office ~ T^TTr. vrnxm. ban irRANCjgo
- — — " taVT'ART 26. 1905
THURSDAY _
FEDERAL HELP FOR THE RIVERS.
THE plan of the engineers for the rectification of the Sacramento
River, and incidentally to keep its floods out of the San Joaquin,
looks to a contribution by the Federal Government. A«Jhe
plan highly concerns the navigability of a meandered stream which
is by law under Federal jurisdiction, the assistance of the Federal
(iovernment seems to be a matter of course. If the cost of the wor«v
is divided between the State and the United States, the solution be
comes easy. If. however, it is all to fall upon the State, the end is
put afar off. Fur several years past we have commented upon tiie
small appropriations for our rivers in the river and harbor bill,
they have not suffice.! to properly discharge the Federal obligation
to keep the streams in a navigable condition. Snags and sandbars
have been left without attention, and these waterways, so necessary
as a check upon transportation charges, have been permitted to de
teriorate in respect to navigability.
There is no doubt that the plan of the engineers for the Sac
ramento will bring it into a state of the highest efficiency as a
navigable stream. When that plan is worked out we may expect
again what was a familiar sight in other days, when ocean ships tied
to the landing in Sacramento. The levees proposed will restore the
old' channel and purge the river of accumulated silt. But all this
restoration of navigation cannot fairly be left to California. The ,
levees will do a continuous work for navigation, with but little fur-;
iher assistance, that the Federal Government could not do by the ;
sporadic expenditure of many more millions than would be its share
of this permanent work. In the division of the cost it will be seen
that the State does that fair share which carries with it protection
against floods and reclamation of land for tillage. This the State
should do and expects to do. It will get every dollar back finally
by the addition of a great area of land to the taxable objects of the
State. It will get it back, too, in the increase in our producing popu
lation. People make a State. If the State is willing to do this, its
fair share of the work, the Federal Government should do its duty on
this meandered stream. The permanent navigability of the Sec
rarnento is under the same head as the building of an isthmian canal.
The two differ in degree only and not in kind. All waterways for
transportation have the same function of regulation and convenience.
The obligation of the United States in the case of the Sacramento
is older than that to the canal.
The Mississippi is leveed and controlled exclusively at Federal
cost. It is done on the theory that the work is for navigation and
the United States must do it. Yet that work is of equal importance
as a reclamation process, which makes millions of acres of land avail
able for the benefit of the States in which it lies. They get the benefit
;'at Federal expense. California pays her share, according to the
" sum total of her Federal taxes, toward this reclamation work on that
stream. In this way she must have a large sum to her credit, which
the States affected by the Mississippi floods owe to her. They should
support the proposition to share the cost of rectifying the Sacra
mento with the Federal Government.
To obtain this certain preliminaries are necessary. The Federal
Government makes appropriations upon the reports of its own en
gineers. The engineers employed by the State have reported their
plan, which is satisfactory to the State. But if it were the only
possible plan and all others were barred in the nature of things, the
United States would not accept without confirmation by its own
engineers. Before the present session of Congress our members, in
a meeting, agreed to solidly support Federal help in effecting this
plan. They determined to "make it a special issue in the next Con
gress and to use all of their power over other questions to force it to
the front and to success. It was expected, therefore, that the matter
would wait till the meeting of the Fifty-ninth Congress next De
cember. But our members are not losing any time, and Mr. Mc-
Lachlan has inserted in the river and harbor bill a provision that a
commission of Federal engineers shall be appointed to go over the
• Sacramento River problem and make report to the next session for
action.
It will be seen that this advances the matter one year and per
haps two. It secures more prompt attention by Congress than was
hoped for, and it makes necessary more prompt action by the State
than has been expected. The Legislature will not meet again until
1007, while the prospect is that the Federal Government will be ready
for co-operation in 1906. Xo time should be lost, and especially
should the State avoid losing any. The present session of the Leg
islature should take this matter up and decide now whether the
State will help and how. If it be by direct appropriation, to be sup
plied by taxation, the amount to be used in each fiscal year should
•be decided upon. If it be by an issue of bonds, that should be set
tled, in order that it may go to the people. The attitude of the
State should be known and its permanent policy decided upon. Lack
ing this it is useless to expect that the Federal Government will take
the initiative. That belongs to California.
The Legislature is doubtless absorbed in many important mat
ters, but it should not in their exclusive contemplation forget this.
For a year the State has been actively preparing to have something
clone for the river. Our people were appalled by the flood disasters
•* of. last spring. They were the sole break in the year's happiness and
. prosperity. They caused the loss of millions and suspended, for the
time being, the production of some of our most important export
specialties. So critical was the situation that antagonism between
. rivers and cities ceased and the people of the valleys and the delta
came together to do something. That effort culminated in the report
of the engineers. Shall it stop there?
It is for the Legislature to say. That body represents the peo
ple, and if it do nothing in the premises, then the people can do
nothing and Congress will do nothing, and matters remain as they
. are. only we will be a little worse off and much farther away from a
settlement, because we did wake up, get a plan, and then lapse into
indifference. This Legislature should not adjourn without putting
the State in position to co-operate with-the United States.
AGAIN the fight is on over the army canteen. Army officers as
a rule favor its restoration. It was the service men's club. It
furnished a decent place of resort, built up a regimental li
brary, afforded a comfortable reading room, and gave enlisted men
an opportunity for reasonable pleasure and amusement, away from
vicious surroundings and temptations. But all this was denounced by
outside reformers. The use of light beers and wines in the canteen
•was decided by those who use neither as creating an appetite for the
fiery and rebellious liquors that cause murder and riot, and the can
teen went down before the onslaught of a theory.
Then arose again the fringe of low deadfalls around every army
post. The wholesome regimental club, books, reading rooms and
reasonable pleasure gave way to the dirty dive, the poison liquor, the
vicious associations of the wickedest form of drinking place. The
enlisted men as a result have suffered in health, morals and discipline.
Under these circumstances the army petitions for a restoration of
the canteen, believing that if restored the fringe of deadfalls will
disappear as it did before. .But restoration is actively resisted. Those
who oppose it propose no means for getting rid of the deadfalls, ex- j
cept as part of a general programme for total prohibition. This
means that whole generations of our soldiers are to be the victims of
vice, while the army waits upon the success of an impossible policy.
The spirit of reform is good, and deserving of all praise, and
even those who dream of the impossible are entitled to respect. But
common sense and the philosophical estimate of human nature as it
is are praiseworthy also, and their use in discussing this question will
be found quite valuable.
Now that science has made It possible to produce light out of rubbish the
Hrculation of the Congressional Record will increase "by leaps and bounds."—
New Tork Herald.
THE ARMY CANTEEN.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JANUARY .26, 1905.
THE KEEPER'S DAUGHTER
P\OR six days the thermometer had
soaring - at almost midsum-
heat, softening the ice of the
Great South Bay until nearly all
its cohesive power was gone. Now the
ice was a thick, spongy mass, so rot
ten that even the foot of a life-saver
pressing upon it firmly would break
through at many places. It was Im
possible either for foot passage or for
a boat to be forced through. And to
increase the seriousness of the case
the last two days had brought a fog
so gray and dense as to shut Fire Isl
and from every object a dozen yards
away.
Out In the channel toward the Long
Island shore, and on the ocean side,
currents had kept the ice from freez
ing thickly, and had hastened the de
composition. Already the delayed
shipping was seeking passage toward
New York or the open sea, and in the
fog and the narrow channels that
were free from ice was meeting with
disaster. From time to time signals
of distress came from one direction
or another, and so far as they were
able the life-saving stations of Fire
Island responded.
Perhaps at no other place in the
world could assistance have been ren
dered across that barrier of slush Ice,
in which spaces of open water were
beginning to appear; but then at no
other place in the world perhaps were
there amphibious scooters.
Several of these unique distinctions
of Fire Island were lying on the edge
of the ice. with pike and scooter
ing iron and oars across the thwarts
ready for Instant use, while their
owners leaned forward, listening,
peering, and. for the most part, shak
ing their heads. The wind was rising,
blowing straight from the sea. In
another hour it was likely to freshen
into a gale. Before it the gray fog
was being swirled and tossed and ed
died, but still encompassing and
dense—a huge wet blanket that
seemed writhing in the agonies of
pain.
On all sides were the sounds of fog
and danger, bell buoys, boat whistles,
occasional fog horns, the pounding
and crushing of ice where some ves
sel was forcing Its way through, and
now and then the ominous signal of
distress and call for help. Among
these came a sudden dull booming,
toward the sea and evidently at con
siderable distance. The men who
were in looked at each other, their
faces paling.
"A big ship," one of them said,
"and on the bar. Lord help 'em!"
"Yes," assented the man nearest
him, "nothing can get to 'em that far
out, not even scooters."
There was a peculiar grinding sound
near them. A scooter slid up the
beach and a man sprang out.
"The other fellows in yet?" he
asked.
"Only Carey. He brought a man
ashore and sent him up to the station
VALUE OF SENTIMENT IN MARRIED LIFE
Wk HAVE received a letter which I
Ws am particularly glad to answer.
1£ for its subject—the value of senti
ment in married life —is one which in
terests me deeply.
"Who makes the better wife," asks
the correspondent, "the woman of
brains or the woman of sentiment?
Should sentiment predominate in a
woman's nature if she Is amiable?"
Of course, there Is no cut and dried
rule for congeniality. Some authori
ties would have us believe that invari
ably blondes should wed brunettes,
that persons of phlegmatic tempera
ment should marry those who are
mercurial or sanguine, etc., ad In
finitum. For every one of these rules
there is a small army of exceptions
which might either prove or refute
their validity, according to one's preju
dices.
All you can sensibly say In regard to
the matter is that a girl who would
make an ideal wife for this man would
find marriage a complete failure if
wedded to that one. And amiability,
which always is numbered rightly
among the blessed, humbler virtues, is
quite as liable to ruin a home as ill
temper is, if it is the expression of
weakness and not of strength.
The woman who has brains and no
sentiment, and the woman who has
sentiment and no brains, are both
matrimonial misfits. For either one of
them to go into a life work where the
heart must speak a high language is
a mistake which society la certain to
j find out If they themselves fail to
do so.
The woman of brains need not be a
woman without sentiment A genuine
education develops the sensibilities as
well aa the Intellect It simply pro
duces a fine Inner balance. The dan
ger which threatens the woman who
has no intellectual interests—and
JW/. LITTLE rlrl In Brooklyn was
discovered by her mother en-
Jqvk» gaged In a spirited personal en
counter with another little girl of her
own age. Both combatants showed
signs of the encounter.
The mother took her daughter into
the house and talked to her regarding
the awfulness of her conduct.
"Don't you know such conduct is
wrong?" asked the mother. "It waa
Satan that urged you to fight"
"Well," said the little girl, "maybe
he told me to pull her hair, but I
thought of kicking her shins all by my
self."—January Woman's Home Com
panion.
Medals are cheap in England. The
nurse who attended the Duke of Con
naught when he had some skin scraped
off in an automobile accident recently
has received the Victorian medal from
King Edward.
In the January-March Forum A.
Maurice Low rives most prominence
among "Foreign Affairs" of the last
FRANK H. SWEET
and then hurried back. He said it was
a coal barge, with two men and a boy
and dog, and the other scooters will
bring them In. The keeper ordered
us to watch here for other work.
What waa yours ?"
"Just a sail boat, with two young
men. They called for help because
they didn't know their surroundings.
When I exolained they decided to re
main on board until the Ice let them
out. They have plenty of provisions
and a snug little cabin. I heard the
ship's call from outside, and hurried
back. I couldn't quite make out the
location in the fog. Anybody gone?"
"Gone?" derisively. "Why, man
alive! that's on the bar three miles
away. No scooter could ever get
there, across the open channel.
sides the ice has been piled up by the
waves. She'll have to wait until the
sea opens so we can use a lifeboat, or
the fog lifts so we can scooter out
No one— Where are you going?"
For the man had swung the bow
of his craft back Into the fog and was
again hoisting the sails.
"Out to the vessel, of course!"
quietly.
' But it's sure death. Jack," remon
strated the life-saver sharply. "Don't
be a fool. You couldn't pick your way
through the fog with that scooter and
get back alive."
"Maybe not. But that signal sounds
like a big boat, and if so there are a
good many folks out there waiting for
help. I'm only one."
DOROTHY FENIMORE
through her threatens the family hap
piness—is a tendency to become over
emoUonal as she gets on In years and
her horizon narrows with lessening
vigor and power to charm.
It does not take any mental strain
to Imagine what Dickens' Dora would
have been like If she had lived to be
a silly old woman. We havp seen her
kind trotting around In society. And
A LITTLE OF EVERYTHING
quarter to the movement for self-gov
ernment in Russia, which he thinks
likely to be regarded by the historian
of the future as the most momentous
event of the first decade of the twen
tieth century.
In a recent homily to his Bible class
John D. Rockefeller Jr., the celebrated
Biblical scholar and lay divine, la re
ported to have said:
"We are not here to get all we can,
but to give all we can to make others
happy."
Mr. Rockefeller has got all he can. If
Mr. Rockefeller Jr. will give all he can
equilibrium will be re-established. —
"With the Procession," Everybody's
Magazine for January.
An English-Irish dictionary has been
brought out by a Dublin clergyman.
An imperial decree has been issued
forbidding- any Russian club to use a
pack of cards more than once. Every
pack of playing cards in Russia pays
a tax.
"I shall be waiting, too, Jack,"
she said.
Hat Fen 1 none?' s%
"Oh, Mr. Bowman:" The call was
clear and peremptory. Jack Bowman
paused, with one foot in the scooter, his
face growing set. The owner of the
voice was the keeper's daughter, ana
only the day before she had closed the
door into a future which he had begun
to believe would be his. The sentence,
I "I shall never marry a man whose fu
ture is bounded by his clam hoe and
fish trawl; the world has use for brave
deeds," still rang in his ears.
"What is it. Miss Blanche?" he asked,
trying to keep his voice calm. "I am
lin a hurry."
"Father says for no one to answer
that call just yet. He thinks this wind
will soon break up the ice so the life
| boat can go out. He says it will be sui
cide to attempt scooting through this
fog. Mr. Bowman!" her voice rising
in sudden displeasure, for the scooter
ist had stepped into his craft and
thrown out his pike to shove her into
Uie wind.
"I'm sorry, Miss Blanche," over his
shoulder, "but the keeper's orders are
j for his own men and not for a poor
> outside fisherman like me. Besides, the
: boat may be in 6ore need, and though a
' little scooter cannot do much, it may
jat least carry intelligence and perhaps
j save one or two —provided 1 can reach
, them."
The girl's face underwent a sudden
! change, and she took an impetuous step
'■ forward, but already the scooter had
slipped away into the fog.
As they waited there, listening, peer
ing, while the hours dragged by, the
faces of the men showed something of
what they knew to be taking place
; within the fearsome, shifting pall of
mist. The scooter was rushing on,
! dropping into open spaces of water,
| slipping up again upon patches of rot
j ten ice, swiftly, with scarcely any
! checking of speed, its owner knowing
i time was of more importance than cau
i tion. Any moment its nose was liable
jto strike some obstruction and throw
| out its occupant, the wind at that
; speed might overturn the scooter or a
I sudden jibing wreck it without an mi
i stant's warning, either of which on the
j waste of rotten ice held but one possi
! ble fate for the owner,
j Two hours and there came another
i signal of distress close in shore. The
i waiting life-savers dropped into their
j scooters and slid out into the fog. The
, girl was still there, watching, her face
\ white. Ten minutes more and a scoo
i ter's nose suddenly slipped from the
darkness, almost at her feet, and Jack
I Bowman sprang out. Bending over, he
; lifted a recumbent figure from the
; scooter to the sand.
"Will you call some one from the sta
tion to carry this man up, Miss
: Blanche," he said hurriedly, as he
, swung his craft back into the wind. "I
! haven't time. There are others waiting
i for me."
The girl moved forward swiftly, plac
ing a hand upon his shoulder.
"I shall be waiting, too, Jack," she
! said in a low voice. "You must come
| back to me."
I A tremor went through the man's
frame, but he did not pause an instant
in his work. As the craft disappeared
in the fog his voice rose strong and res
! olute above the wind.
"Yes, Blanche, I will come back to
; you."
j And he did.
(Copyright, 1905, by Frank H. Sweet.)
we have seen many others who had
more brains than she who made as
foolish a figure.
Sentiment Is nothing: but Insight of
the finer kind. Behind it is the eye
which sees, the heart which under
stands, the hopefulness which inspires,
the brain which acts. Sentimentality
Is quite another thing. It is a dressed
up jackdaw. If is not the real thing;
and, what is more, it does not look so.
Sometimes you find in a woman's life
a curious mixture of sentiment and
sentimentality. You gain the impres
sion that an honest affection Is making
the social error of wearing in the sun
light clothes which are too dressy for
the daytime.
There Is one little woman I know who
is as good as expect to find,
and her dally acts show the sweetest
devotion to her family. But she is too
superlatively sweet. In her presence
her husband Is certainly not a happy
man. There is something so helplessly
protesting about his attitude toward
her elaborate endearments that he al
ways makes me think of a fly caught in
syrup. i
Octave Thanet publishes In one of
the December magazines a story, "The
Angel of His Youth," which gives an
effective contrast between a strong wo- j
man with sentiment and a weak wo
man of sentiment. The former she de
scribes as a thoroughbred, who would
run until she dropped, and run with
spirit. So I feel Justified In defining the
second type she portrays aa a truck
horse from the livery stable.
Certainly we love the heart woman
better than we love the brain woman—
"white roses please leas than red." But
in picking out a wife I would, if I were
a man, seek for a woman with brains,
who had yet tenderness In her heart for
little children and sentiment enough to
appreciate the full meaning of the
words "love" and "home."
I
The petal forsakes the rose,
And the rose forsakes the tree,
And the tree rots In the ground,
Tear by year.
The moment forsakes the hour,
The hour forsakes the day,
And a year and a life go by,
Soon, ah, soon!
Richard Kirk, In January Ldppincott's.
Snakes may almost be said to haxe
glass eyes, inasmuch as their eyes nev
er close. They are without lids and
each is covered with a transparent
scale, much resembling glass. When
the reptile casts its outer skin the eye
scales come off with the rest of the
transparent envelope out of which the
snake slips.
The man who said a person can get
used to anything probably never tried
living with his relatives.—Puck.
There would be an enormous increase
In production If we were all paid what
we think we are worth end earned the
money.—Puck.
THE SMART SET
To-day "The Liars" will lure the
smart set—not that the smart set is
especially interested in liars, but this
day marks an occasion when it does.
And the Columbia promises to be full
of admirers—even rooters—for the clev
er "Liars" who this afternoon will
tread the boards and don the buskin
in the sweet name uf philanthropy. Of
course, you're going!
• • •
And then there's that other splendid
affair of the heart in the evening—the
benefit concert to dear old Fabbri Muel
ler, she who forty years ago was the
reigning queen of the opera and who Is
now left alone In this big city of
strangers. Mme. Fannie Francisca, a
one-time pupil of the aged songstress,
will sing the famous mad scene from
"Hamlet." A fine German comedy—l
wouldn't attempt to tamper with its
name—will be produced, and a bright,
snappy little skit. The tickets are sell
ing for H. and all lovers of art and of
its exponents should attend the benefit.
The patronesses of the affair have high
hopes of reaping a rich reward for the
charming singer of ye olden day.
• • •
Mrs. John D. Spreckels Jr. was
hostess at a smart luncheon yesterday
in honor of her sister-in-law, Miss
Lily Spreckels. Orchids and Ameri
can Beauty roses graced the table,
about which a merry group of maids
and matrons were gathered to do
honor to the fair fiancee.
•... • a
Miss Hasel Noonan, a fair maid of
the southland, having laid, successful
siege to the heart of Dr. Walter Gib
bons—a likely bachelor—is harkening a
merry round of congratulation. Miss
Louise Redington and.the Misses Hunt
ington have entertained Miss Noonan
extensively during her visit in town.
While the "sweetest story ever told"
was adrift several weeks ago, the
capitulation has Just been given out.
Dr. Gibbons Is the son of Dr. Henry
Gibbons and a brother of Miss Ida,
Miss Florence and Miss Margery Gib
bons.
• • •
Mrs. Richard Bayne received a large
number of callers' yesterday upon her
second "at home." Receiving with Mrs.
Bayne were Mrs. Worthington Ames,
Mrs. Horace Hill, Mrs. Alfred S. Tubbs,
Mrs. Charles Tuttle, Mrs. Frederick
Wilson Kimball, Miss Ida Brown and
Miss Katherine Herrin.
• • •
A luncheon to which twenty guests
were asked was given by Mrs. L Low
enberg in the Palace Garden yesterday.
Daffodils, sweet harbingers of spring,
were chosen for decoration.
Mrs. William duff will entertain at
dinner this evening for a dozen guests
in the Palm Garden.
Mrs. Charles F. Anderson of Fort
Mason left on Tuesday for Red Bluff to
attend the wedding of Miss Julia Root
and Franklin Brewer, which occurred
last evening.
SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE
WHY NO COLLECTION.
Mr. Thompson—Did you collect that
bill from old man Long?
Collector (a Joker) —No; he was in,
but he was out
Mr. Thompson—Ah! I see. Long
was short.
A MEAN THING TO SAY.
Mrs. Will Gossipe—lt's hard to keep
a secret.
Mr. Gossipe—l never knew you tried
to keep one.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
EARTHQUAKE—E. L. C., City.
What is known in the history of San
Francisco as "the great earthquake of
1868" occurred on October 21 of that
year.
BONDS—S.. City. The President of
the United States is not required to
give bonds, neither are the members of
the Cabinet required to give such.
PRESIDIO OF MONTEREY—A. O.
C., City. By direction of the President
of the United States, the name of the
cantonment on the military reserva
tion at Monterey was changed from
SALLY SHARP
Mfss Louise Heron, who has been
traveling with Mrs. Hearst over the
Old World, has returned and is at Mrs.
Hearst's hacienda near. Pleasanton.
While in London Miss Heron was wide
ly entertained, spending part of her
time as the guest of Lady Waterlow.
• • •
A very pleasant gathering was that
held at the home of Mrs. Edward
Tompkins Houghton yesterday after
noon, when she entertained at seven
handed euchre in honor of Mrs. Elmer
Clarke, wife of Captain Clarke of the
Eighteenth Infantry.
The approach of spring was made
manifest in the sweet acacia and
eucalyptus that filled the nooks and
corners.
• • •
The luncheon given in the cafe of
the Hotel St. Francis yesterday by
Mrs. Edson F. Adams of Oakland was
one of the prettiest affairs of the sea
son and quite keeping with the per
sonality of the clever little woman who
gave it. The table was decorated In
American Beauty roses, violets and
ferns.
Many smart gowns were worn and
two very happy hours were spent at
the table. Those entertained by Mrs.
Adams were: Mrs. Prather. Mrs. H.
M. Goodall. Mrs. C. Stone, Mrs. Folger.
Mrs. Thomaa Magee Jr., Mrs. C. S.
Wheaton. Mra C. F. Long. Mrs. S. ML
Palmer, Mrs. W. C. Miller, Mrs. H. M.
A. Miller, Mrs. A. Sherwood, Mrs. P.
E. Bowles, Mrs. Cooper, Mrs. McNear.
Mrs. Ed Pond, Mrs. G. H. Wheaton and
Miss Whitney.
• • •
Mrs. M. V. Tingley Lawrence and
Mrs. Pobert Armstrong Dean will be
at home Fridays In February, 1450
Leavenworth street.
• • •
The engagement of Miss Edith Mack
to Charles J. Brandensteln, brother of
Supervisor Henry Brandenstein, who
recently wedded Miss May Colman, la
keeping their "line busy" with con
gratulations. Miss Mack la a sister oi
Mrs. James Gerstley of London.
• • •
Mrs. Frederick Fenwick entertained
a few friends informally at bridge yes
terday at her home on Pacific avenue.
• • •
Miss Edith Mau gathered about her
seven dainty maids at luncheon yester
day, a few of the buds and one or two
of those prospective of next year's in
itiation. The room and table were
warmly colored with red. carnations
and name cards —these were designed
after the same flower. Streamers of
red tulle and red-shaded candelabra
were used with stunning effect.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. B. M. Breeden will en
tertain at cards at their home on
Broadway, on February 4.
• • •
Miss Katherlne Powers leaves to-day
for the East, Dr. and Mrs. George H.
Powers and Miss Ruth Powers go on
February L all to attend the wedding
of George H. Powers Jr., which will
shortly take place In Boston.
ANOTHER THING LACKING,
Boarder —This turkey olio tastes
very peculiar.
Landlady—lfs strange; I told the
cook myself how to make It, bnt per
haps she didn't catch the Idea.
Boarder—Maybe she didn't catch
the turkey.
HAD HER HYPNOTIZED.
Mrs. E. Zee —My husband nev»r told
me a lie.
Mrs. Wise—Then you married a
hypnotist.
Ord Barracks to Presidio of Monterey
in perpetuation of the name of the
first military station in California.
MONKB AND SISTERS—A. S.. City.
The monks and sisters were sent out
of France a few years since in obed
ience to the acts of the Rousseau-
Waldeck Ministry on the subject of
education.
Townsend'a California Olace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tbe
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. *RUSSIA'S STRIFE SUBJECT
OF A MIDDAY PRAYER
BISHOP NICHOLS OPENS CHURCH CONVENTION
_. * . j- —
•Russia's internal difficulties were
not forgotten by the Protestant Epis
copal church yesterday, when at the
'deliberations of the fifty-flfth conven
tion at Grace Church Bishop Nichols
offered up a prayer at the midday de
votional exercise asking that in the
land where so much trouble exists
peace might be speedily restored.
. It was a day of hard work and many
accomplishments and foremost in the
rank of important achievements was
the adoption of a canon which has
made the "House of Churchwomen" a
•fact.
The canon passed with one or two
minor amendments and without dis
sent or argument. The adoption of
the canon places the women of the
church in a position where their in
defatigable labors will be more •promi
nently brought before the church
l>cdy. They will have power, subject
at all times to the constitution and
canons of the diocese, to legislate for
the conduct of woman's work in the
church and to act in an advisory ca
pacity upon such matters as the con
vention may from time to time sub
mit for an opinion.
The decision will be received with
the utmost interest throughout the
United States, Canada and England.
Another matter of importance con
sidered was the church journal, the
Pacific Churchman, about which the
Rev. Mardon D. Wilson gave a glow
ing account. The paper is on sure
ground, said Dr. Wilson, it is out of
debt and the prospect is that it will
embrace and represent the whole of
' the Pacific Coast, thus making it an
official organ In a wide sense.
AN EPISCOPAL RESIDENCE.
The report of the committee on
Episcopal residence gave the Rev. Mr.
Gallwey the opportunity to speak on
the subject as one of the committee
men. Never had he received a re
fusal when he had placed the matter
or finance before the men of the dio
cese, but all were eager to contribute
freely toward the building. Indeed, he
said, all those he had approached ex
pressed surprise that the residence had
not become an accomplished fact long
ago.
. Mr. Gallwey desired it to go on rec
ord that in every instance the commit
tee had been most cordially welcomed
and the response had been equally cor
dial.
Dr. Clampett congratulated Mr. Gall
wey on the hearty enthusiasm he
evinced in the matter and by a unani
mous vote both he and Mr. Gallwey
were placed on the general committee
on the residence.
. Chancellor A. N. Drown informed
Bishop Nichols that proper steps are
being taken to observe the fifteenth an
niversary of the Bishop's episcopate.
In reply Bishop Nichols feelingly
thanked the chancellor and the conven
tion and expressed his desire that if
there should be a recognition of the
anniversary that it might not be a for
mal observance.
A committee composed of the follow
ing was appointed to arrange for the
observance of the fifteenth anniversary
of the Bishop's episcopate: Archdea
con Emery, the Rev. D. O. Kelley, the
Rev. Dr. Bakewell, Chancellor Drown,
W. H. Crocker and Robert Bruce.
In connection with the cathedral
lands in Washington it was resolved
that the convention advocates the pas
sage of a bill now pending in Congress
"for the extension and improving of
.Massachusetts and Boundary avenues.
Northwest," in Washington, D. C.
CHURCH'S FINANCES.
The principle of apportionment was
introduced by W. A. M. Van Bokkelen,
•treasurer of the diocese, and the mis
sionary meeting was one of the most
interesting kind. Reports showed that
everywhere In the diocese the labor
expended in the cause of church ex
tension was meeting with strong re
sults.
Van Bokkelen reported as follows:
The diocesan corporation having charge of
several of the Invited or permanent funds
of the diocese concluded to unite them for in
vestment purposes. In this way each fund
hat, an" Interest in a greater variety of secu
rities. The investment of the tund is In
charge of three gtntlemen In close touch with
large financial transactions. It requires the
unanimous approval of the three to make or
change any of the investments and then only
,in giltedge securities.
In the management the rule has be«n to
build up a reserve tund to provide for liquida
tion of the premium paid in purchasing of
securities and to provide against any danger
of unexpected calamity to any security held.
The Invested funds are steadily growing
from year to year, having nearly doubled
in the last six years. This, Independent of
large gifts to Institution*, which do not report
to the convention, but which are church In
stitutions and indirectly under control of
ecclesiastical authorities.
The diocese and all Its funds were never
in such a sound and satisfactory condition as
to-day.
The Rev. Mr. Gardner, chaplain of
Stanford University, read a report of
the state of the church, and the Rev.
Mr. Parsons, rector of St. Mark's
Church, Berkeley, read the report of
the Sunday School Commission. Mr.
Gardner presented a petition from
W. S. Dike, secretary of the National
Divorce Reform League, Washington,
D. C, asking the convention to unite
in a petition to Congress, that statis
tics on the subject of marriage and
GRAPE-NUTS.
MIGHT HAVE SAVED IT.
A Lot of Trouble From Too Much
Starchy Food.
A little boy of eight years whose
parents did not feed him on the right
kind of food was always nervous and
suffered from a weak condition of the
stomach and bowels. Finally he was
taken down with appendicitis and af
ter the operation the doctor, knowing
that his intestinal digestion was very
weak, put him on Grape-Nuts twice
a day.
He rapidly recovered and about two
months thereafter, his father states,
"He has grown to be strong, muscu
lar and sleeps soundly, weighs sixty
• two pounds and his whole system is in
a fine condition of health." Name giv
en by Postum Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
" It is plain that If he had been put
on Grape-Nuts at an earlier period in
. his life, and kept from the use of
foods that he could not digest, he
never would have had appendicitis.
That disease is caused by undigested
• food decaying in the stomach and
bowels, causing irritation and making
for the growth of all kinds of mi
crobes, setting up a diseased condition
which is the active cause of appendi
citis, and this is more marked with
people who do not properly digest
white bread.
Grape-Nuts is made of the selected
parts of wheat and barley and by the
peculiar process of the cooking at
the factory all of the starch is turned
• into sugar ready for immediate diges
tion and the more perfect nourishment
of- all parts of the body, particularly
the brain and nerve centers.
Read the little book, "The Road to
Wellville," found in each package.
BISHOP OF THE PROTESTANT EPISCOPAL DIOCESE OF CALIFORNIA AND
TWO WELL-KNOWN MEMBERS OF THE CLERGY WHO ARE TAKING AN
ACTIVE PART IN THE ANNUAL CONVENTION NOW IN SESSION.
divorce be gathered from 1887 to the
present time.
The convention acquiesced In the
request.
BOARD OF MISSIONS.
The election of the diocesan board
of missions resulted as follows:
Clerical membera —Rev. E. Bradley. Rev. C.
Macon, Rev. C. T. Walkley. Lay members—
Francis Avery. Robert Bruce, George E. But
ler, G. H. Kellogg.
Mr. Drown was reappointed chan
cellor, and the Rev. Mr. Brewer was
chosen registrar.
W. A. M. Van Bokkelen was elected
a member of the corporation of the
Diocese of California.
The committee appointed to inter
est the religious organizations of the
State in an effort to memorialize
Congress to legislate in the matter of
marriage and divorce reported that
it had written to the principal denom
inations in the State, but that no in
terest on their part could be aroused.
The committee recommended that It
be discharged, but that the convention
use its best wisdom devising some
method of arousing the Christian
sentiment of the State to grapple with
the evil. The recommendation was
adopted.
Business of the convention will be
resumed at Grace Church at 9 o'clock
this morning, and at 8 to-night the
Bishop and Mrs. Nichpls will hold
a reception under the auspices of the
Church Club, in the SL Francis
Hotel.
To-morrow morning Woman's Aux
iliary day will be observed at St.
Luke's Church, Van Ness and Clay
streets. At 11 o'clock in the morning
there will be holy communion, the
Bishop being celebrant.
PRAISES ORGANIZATIONS.
Bishop Praises Daughters of King and
Brotherhood of St. Andrew.
There was a Joint convention in the
evening at Grace Church of the
Daughters,of the King and Brother
hood of St. Andrew, over which the
Right Rev. Bishop Nichols presided.
Miss Remmel, Dr. Mary D. Fletcher
and the Rev. Mardon D. Wilson spoke
on Daughters of the King conventions,
and H. Robert Braden, counselor of
the Brotherhood of St. Andrew for
California, and J. S. Astredo delivered
addresses on brotherhood work.
Bishop Nichols delivered an elo
quent address, in which he praised
the labors of the two organizations
and while congratulating them on
their strength explained their effec
tive efforts in conjunction with the
church.
Insurance Men at Banquet.
The annual convention of the field
'men of the Metropolitan Insurance
Company, who have been meeting in
this city for several days, was brought
to a pleasant conclusion last evening
at the St. Francis Hotel, when the
representatives of the company as
sembled at a banquet. The affair was
held in the red room of the hotel,
where covers were spread for forty
two. Among the speakers of the
evening were: F. F. Taylor, assistant
secretary; Dr. E. M. Holden, assist
ant medical director; Walter R.
Quick, Pacific Coast cashier; Horace
M. Walton, Edward G. Gait, A. F.
Douglas and W. L. Baker.
PARIS Jan. 25.—Fifteen men bave been
killed owing to the breaking of the cable sup
porting a cage In which they were being
brought to the surface at the Renaissance
slate quarry hear Angler*. The cage dropped
460 feet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 26, 1905.
BERLINDI SINGS
"ZAZA" AND IS
WELL RECEIVED
All conditions conformed to make a
great success for Signorina Berlindl in
"Zaza" last evening at the Tivoli. If
the entire range of operatic composi
tion, which is certainly extensive, were
to be considered, it is doubtful if there
is any work that surpasses "Zaza" in
the opportunities that it affords for the
compass of the Berlindi voice and the
Berlindi dramatic ability to And ex
pression. Then there was Polacco, con
ducting the insinuating music of Leon
cavallo, the sensuous, persisting,
climax-reaching, cumulatively affect
ing music that grieves in the strings,
warbles in the wood, wind and French
horns and is like a heartbreak in the
harp. Polacco conducted and In that
there is a partial essay on the theme
of why Berlindi succeeded.
Add to this that the audience was
perfectly in sympathy with the star of
the evening; that she did not have to
wring reluctant "bravas" from her
auditors, but that the applause was
spontaneous and electric and included,
with Berlindi, her principal associate*
in the cast. The audience rewarded,
with discriminating Judgment, the
splendid work of Polacco when he per
formed hiß task with perfection.
Berlindi, for her part, was deliriously
happy over . the reception that her
singing and acting received. She made
no attempt to conceal the joy that now,
naturally enough, was hers after the
somewhat disappointing experiences
that she has had at times. Not only
the audience, but Polacco and the en
tire orchestra, at the end of the third
act, were applauding her enthusiastic
ally and long. The close of each act
was followed by repeated curtain calls.
Not even Tetrazzini on a "Lucia" night
has created a greater* whirlwind of ap
proval. It was Berlindi's night.
The voice of the dramatic soprano
was In excellent fettle. It was evident
In the beginning that she Intended not
to spare either her voice or her efforts
in the dramatic way to score in the
affections of her auditors. There were
tew solecisms to detract from her dra
matic work, which was frequently
marked with Intensity. There could
not justly be any cavil concerning the
full use that she made of her voice. It
was enough when the full orchestra
produced its largest volume of tone. It
climbed above the accompanying tune
ful din and balanced it In bulk. Had
Berlindl sung first In "Zaza" in this
city her fame would already have been
greater than It is. The performance of
last night will undoubtedly give her a
strong hold on future audiences In this
city.
This measure of commendation does
not recant anything that has been said
heretofore concerning the Berlindl
singing in other operas. The preceding
» . •.
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A
NATIONAL
COMBINATION
NEEDLE AND PIN
CASE.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Farther
Particulars.
DE PACHMANN
RENDERS MUSIC
WORTH HEARING
Awful press reports had reached ona
about De Pachmann. No longer, said !
these, did the pianist pat his audience
on the back when good and say things
when they were not. No longer, they
said, did he wink at you not to miss
the shower of pearls he would be
throwing, or pull your ear down to a
beloved phrase. No longer, in short,
did De Pachmann play showman to his
Chopin, and one was lamenting.
It was a respectable not buoyant au
dience fn consequence that met him at
the Alhambra last night. Chopin we |
were there for, the finest Chopin made,
and we were going to get it. But the
comedian of the piano, the man that j
is his own best audience and wants, !
oh so hard! to help you there, we were
secretly regretting. We had heard,
oh yes! that De Pachmann no longer
played the farceur at the piano. How
nice that was going to be! —aside; how
stupid! It was so MUCH better that
he should leave us free to enjoy after
our own fashion, wasn't it? —not it!
We wondered it it were not too good
to be true."
It was, that is, it was -not true. It
took only M. de Paehmann'a three
friendly bows and expansive smile as
he came on lo proclaim nun the same
old De Pachmann us ever. True, he
kept ma where they belong
through most ot the Mozart .fantasia,
that the programme. Three
limes, however, tempted uy an auor
able modulation, a inciting chord or
two, a tasciiiuii.it; change ot rhythm,
he looked o\ei at us to ask i£ we Had
noticed, "tiuie, I'apa de I'acnmann,"
some of us nodded oacK, uoih oi us
at home and content, .tie gave next
the tieethoven rvunoo Capncctoso in G.
with more enjoyment for himself and
us. And then, as encore, came the
first taste oi the Chopin, the G flat
major etude (.the first).
It seems a pity that De Pachmaun
should bother with anything outside of
Chopin, lie was in the Mozart Fanta
sia, in comparison, as one speaking a
foreign tongue, tiis phrase had a for
eign air, his ih> thm even a conscious,
posed sound, and lovely as the thing
was it was Mozart through the eyes
of a gifted, gracious alien.
But what a change when comes
Chopin! It is then a Siamese sym
pathy. One does not know where to
begin on De Pachmaun s perfections
here. Possibly what will first strike a
pianist about De Pachmaun is his tone.
"Velvet," so oft< n used, so seldom de- |
served, best describes it to me. There
Is never a hint of harshness, hardness,
dryness, throughout its whole length |
and breadth. It is deep, soft, juicy; i
mellow in its snappiest staccato, round ;
in its tiniest pianissimo. That pianis- j
simo! You have to listen for it with
the ears of your soul —the gods only
know how M. de Pachmaun's oortlv
little hands evolve it. Herein lies his
distinguishing virtuosity.
But one thinks of nothing less than
the virtuoso when De Pachmann plays.
You think of him no more than the
pianist does. You think of Chopin and
De Pachmann, and he thinks of Chopin
and you. To hear his Chopin is like
hearing Schumann-Heink sing Schu
mann or Harold Bauer play him. It is
the acme of grace, distinction, poise,
authority. It is poetry, and poetry ut
terly, intensely Polish at that. There
is nothing more suggestive here than
De Pachmann's individualizing of the
waltz and mazurka. Both have a fabu
lous "measure of the dance spirit and
both are charactewsticized in an amaz
ing fashion. He played the Grande
Mazurka in B minor and the A flat
waltz, op. 42—may you hear them. I
hope if you do that the pianist will
shout over to you as he did to us in the
waltz, "Different rhythms, listen!" You
might not otherwise notice.
His other numbers were the Bal
lade in A fiat major—an imperially
beautiful rendering; the D flat major
nocturne (Op. 27, No. 2); and four
studies, Op. 25, 3, 4, 9. The "Butterfly"
was, of course, repeated, and the
house howled and shrieked for more.
Here Mr. de Pachmann did not play
fair. He got up, laughing out loud at
the noise, then sat down as if to play
it again—but went on to the next num
ber.
The audience, fairly large, was roy
ally friendly and wonderfully noisy.
They laughed, listened and shouted
with the pianist and quite agreed with
him that they could not get anything
better than what he gave them of
Chopin. You cannot. It Is not to be
had. In it, by the way, I am forget
ting to mention the Schumann sonata
In G minor that completed the pro
gramme.
There will be another concert to-mor
row evening and another delightful
programme.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
California's Ladies' Night.
California Parlor No. 1, Native
Sons of the Golden West, will have a
ladies' night In Shasta Hall, Native
Sons' building, to-night. The commit
tee has prepared a first class pro
gramme of musical, literary and spe
cial numbers.
Run Down by a Streetcar.
Helen Gunniston was run down by a
Sixth-street car at the corner of How
ard street last night and severely in
jured. She was treated at the hospital
by Dr. Kucich for a lacerated scalp
and a fractured skull.
roles, from the musical point of view,
have differed with that of Zasa so
radically that they have not afforded a
fit criterion to Judge Berlindi in her
claim to being a dramatic soprano with 1
anything like the thoroughness that I
Zaza supplies.
The audience was large, but did not
fill the opera-house by any means.
There were scores of vacant seats in
the dress circle and higher up, and also
gaps in the orchestra. Fashion was
comparatively little in evidence, but
distributed through the house were
those who would be easily accepted
upon the enumeration of their names
as representative, largely, of .the real
musical culture of San Francisco. Con
sequently the approval that met Ber
lindi did not smack of the perfunctory
and there was little of claque in evi
dence. The demonstration therefore
gave full reason and justification for
Berlindi orlde and satisfaction.
Signor Colli had a curtain call or two
and was compelled to sing one of his
solos a second time. Colli has force j
when he exerts it, and this goes well I
with certain dramatic situations in
"Zaza." He is not the possessor of the
sweetness of the lyric tenor, and others
have surpassed him in several respects,
who have appeared on the stage of the
Tivoli. Last night he created a decid
edly favorable impression. As a lover;
he was languishing. La Puma as Cas
car added to his laurels very materially.
He was In accord with the spirit that
moved Berlindi. His voice has not been i
heard to better advantage during the I
season. Signorina Bettini, Miss Eu
genia Barker, Helen Peters, Rossi, Cor- |
tesi, Cervi, Napoleoni, Pelligrinl and!
Perron were in the cast, also Signorina
I Tofanelli as Toto.
I If you desire the appetite and diges
tion of early years, take Lash's Kidney
i and Liver Bittera. •
BURNS' MEMORY
DEAR TO THEM
Anniversary of Scotland's
Poet Fittingly Celebrated
by St. Andrew's Society
FINE PROGRAMME GIVEN
Songs and Prose Selections,
Music and Dancing Make
the Evening Enjoyable
The one hundred and forty-sixth an
niversary of the birth of Robert
Eurns, one of the world's greatest
poets, a man whose name Is dear to
the heart of every Scot and whose
songs are sung in almost all the coun
tries of the earth, was celebrated last
night at Scottish Hall by the St. An
drew's Society with appropriate ad
dresses, songs, recitations and dancing.
The Gothic hall was crowded with
members of the society and their
friends and the elaborate programme
wa* frequently applauded. The open
ing: selection by Fairgrieves' Orchestra,
entitled "A Nicht WT Burns." con
sisted of a medley of Scottish airs, into
which many of the poet's songs were
woven.
An introductory address was de
livered by President J. C. Fyfe, tell
ir.», of the life of Burns. He was fol
lowed by A. C. Reed, who sang "There
Was a Lad Was Born in Kyle." Dr.
J. Wilson Shiels cleverly recited "Ad
dress to a Haggis" and "To a Mouse."
One of the hits of the evening was
the song. "Afton Water." sung by Miss
Helen Colburn Heath with simple and
dainty effect. Dr. William Rader
then delivered the address of the even
ing on "The Genius of Robert Burns."
Following the address came songs and
recitations by Miss Viola Van Orden,
Miss Hattie M. Corlett. A. C. Read,
Alexander Smith and Miss Helen Col
burn Heath. At the conclusion of the
programme the beautiful "Auld Lang
Syne" was sung. The evening ended
with dane ing and the serving of re
freshments.
Character has a commercial value.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICK HEADACHE
= —I Positively cured by <
PAOTrDQ these Little Pills. |
\jjf\l \ I Ll\w Tbe y 8130 relleTe Dls - i
m tress from Dyspepsia. In- I
9nH ITTLE digest lon and Too neartj
j3 IW p ffj Eating. A perfect rera
'■■lV edy for Dizziness, Nausea,
£M PILLS* drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated
Tontrue, Pain in the Side,
1 TORPID LATER. They
regulate tbe Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL, SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE.
ARTERSI CLRE SICK hbAUAOtili 
•Bittle Genuine Must Bear
TjVER Fan-Simile Signature
maM 1
Perfect-Fitting
y}> Eyeglasses &
/J At Moderate Cost L.
v 642 St
IJ This Signature in Blue Guarantees I
Ask for LIEBIO COMPANY'S,
Not simply "LIEBIG'S"
tJUSTAS GOODS'ARE WORTHLESS
La grippe, pneumonia, and influ
enza often leave a nasty cough
when they're gone.
It is a dangerous thing to neglect.
Cure it with
Shiloh's
Consumption
Cure X;, s Lun «
I The cure that is guaranteed by
your druggist.
Prices: S. C. Wells A Co. 9
25c. 50c $1 Leßoy, N.Y., Toronto. Can.
Polo r a DON'T FAIL TO
1 diUVV gee beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/I fl (I room, the EM PI RE
aiiu parlor, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
llf/ind LOUIS XV PAR
UIUUU LOP, and the LA
n k | DIES* WRITING
Hotels 1 «°° m - 1
AMUSEMENTS.
Kaci! Racing!
In Jockey
California Club
OAKLAND TSVACI.
Racing every week day, rain or shine.
Races start at 2: IS p. m. sharp.
California oaks.. $2000 added,
to bjs mum satdbdat, jan. 28.
For special trains stopping at the track take
8 P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00,
12 30 1:00, 1:30 or 2:00. Returning trains
leave'the track at 4:10 and 4:46 p. m. and Im
mediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, President.
PERCY W. TREAT, Secretary.
. PRAGgRS
There wai Be "Something Doing" At Pragcrs
To-Day
Don't Miss It
Pure Food Show Opens February Ist
We will inaugurate a Pure Food Show that will
be without its equal in the history of the retail
business in San Francisco. Besides the introduc
tion of new goods and scientific demonstrations,
there will be cooking lessons and lectures by some
of the world's greatest experts.
vr"t 'audi 41*% 'AU 11 ***
JO De P 3rf "
served in fH r . JlOrC
18. AUWOTvS RELIABLE
" cafe f MABKETj* (JONES STS ijT
(4th Floor) | B r¥t -- >
AMUSEMENTS.
I? U LURID Ift LEADING THtA.rO
LAST FOUR NIOHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
FRANK McKEE Presents
edna II ADD 17 D
WALLACE ilUl JTJuI!
In Arthur Law's Comedy,
A COUNTRY MOUSE
Preceded by Augustus Barrett's Curtain Raiser,
CAPTAIN JANUARY....-
NEXT MONDAY —Charles Frohman Presents
WILLIAM—
COLLIER
In Richard Harding Davis* Farce,
THE DICTATOR
BEATS NOW READY.
SPECIAL
the COLUMBIA
BENEFIIHviATINEE
...TO-DAY 2T«
In Aid of the Naval Clubhouse at Vallejo.
SOCIETY AMATEURS
In Henry Arthur Jones' Comedy,
THE LIARS
(By arrangement with Charles Frohman.)
Cast will Include: Miss Frances Jolllffe.
Mrs. Mark Gerstle, Mrs. J. Wilson Shlels,
Miss Olge Atherton, Mrs. H. M. Spencer, Miss
Eleanor Haber. Dr. J. Wilson Shlels. Lloyd
Lowndes, H M. Spencer, Thomas Eastland,
Courtenay Ford. Hoyden Williamson, L. S.
Ford. Jack Baird and Joseph Eastland.
Seats $1.50 and $1.00
efrflVOLfaH
GRAND
OPERA
IN ITALIAN.
RESERVED SEATS NOW SELLING.
PRICES —$2, $1 60, $1. 60c.
TO-NIGHT, "TRAVIATA," Tetrazzini aa
Violetta: Friday. "ZAZA," Berlindl as Zaza;
Saturday Matinee, "FAUST," Tetrazzini aa
Marguerite; Saturday Night. "CAVALLERIA
RUBTICANA" and "I'PAGLIACCI." with
Berlindl in both operas: Sunday Night. "LU
CIA" with Tetrazzini as Lucia. Repertoire
Fourth and Last Week —Monday Night. Theater
Closed; Tuesday Night, "FAUST," Tetrazzini
a* Marguerite; Wednesday Night. "LA BO
HEME," Berlindl as Mlml; Thursday Night.
"LUCIA" Tetrazzini as Lucia; Friday Night,
"ZAZA," Berlindl as Zaza; Saturday Matinee,
"TRAVIATA" Tetrazzini as. Violetta; Satur
day Night. "LA BOHBMR" Berlindl aa MtmL
, CALIFORNIA \
■ Edward Ackerman. Lessee and Mgr. |
■ farewell Week 1
I THE FAMOUS AND ORIGINAL I
j JOSEPH MURPHY \
a Presenting His Great Irish Play, 1
ISHAUN RHUEI
H BRING THE CHILDREN—SATUR- I
H DAY MATINEE. 1
Sunday—"THE LITTLE OUTCAST.'^^
Hisrh-Class SpaoialtlM Every Afternoon
and Eveninsr In tha Heated Theater.
TO-NIGHT! ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN
DISPLAY.
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE.
CONCLUDING WITH
A LADIES' WOOD-SAWING CONTEST.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE JOHNS'OWN MOOD
- A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE
ADMISSION IOeiCHILDRBN 5c
When Phoning Ask for "The Can tea"
1
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS
! FISCHER'S THEATER
TONY LUBELSKI, Gen. Mgr.
HIGH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE.
10c and 20c. Children 10c.
Afternoons, 2:30. Evenings, 7:30 and 9.
I CONTINUOUS SAT., SUN.. HOLIDAYS.
2 to 5 and 7 to 11 p. m.
! TEN GREAT ACTS. New Moving Picture*.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND 55
LAST THREE NIGHTS—MAT. BAT.
JOHN C. FISHER'S STUPENDOUS MU
SICAL PRODUCTION.
THE
SILVER SLIPPER
(By the Authors of Florodora.)
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
J. H Stod art in The Bonnie Brier Bush
NOTABLE ASSOCIATE PLAYERS.
HEADED BY REUBEN FAX.
PRICES —25c, 750,11.00
ALHAMBRA
DE PACHMANN
PIANIST.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
Sat. Mat. at 3 (Chopin programme).
Seats—s2. $1.50, $L General Admls., $1.
To-night. Special Chopin Eve. at
Hotel St. Francis. Beats $2.60.
Commencing Next Monday.
ONE WEEK ONLY,
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
Mfe* CREATORE
Lmm iiia itaU-n band
» Magnificent pro-
A. trammel changed
(j Seats $1.00. 75c, 60c
NOW SELLING,
m * m^mm tk> Sherman, Clay A Co.'*.
' SEATS HOW READY FOR
DOLMETSCH
Concerts of old music on a wonderful
collection of old Instruments. Including
Harpsichord. Lute, Viola d'Amour, Viola
da Gamba, etc.
Lyric Hall, Tuesday and Thursday, Jan.
31, Feb. 2. Sat. Mat. Feb. 4.
The Novelty of the Season.
Seats—sl.6o. $1.00, 75c.
CARTER Ds HAVEN SEXTETTE;
Alcide Capitaine; Binns, Binns and Blnns; Tha
Great Thereses;
CRESSY AND DAYNE,
Presenting "BILL BIFFIN'S BABY," and
Orpheum, Motion Pictures, Showing "The
Trials and Troubles of an Automoblllst."
Last Times of 4 Musical A voice; Clifford and
Burke and the
10 NELSONS.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices—loc, 250
and 60c.
A T /*i 1 7 I ffi Belasco A Mayer.
ALCAZAR
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT—MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
Paul Potter's Romantic Military Drama.
THE CONQUERORS
Splendid production.—Call.
Large, enthusiastic house. —Examiner.
Cast and staging splendid.—Chronicle.
LILLIAN LAWRENCE REAPPEARS.
Brgs., 26c to 76c; Mats. Sat. A Sun.. 26c to 60c
SPECIAL MATINEE of Ibsen's Masterpiece,
OHOSTS
POeJmvELT ON THURSDAY, February 9.
Next Monday—First Time In Stock,
THE OAT LORD QUEX
Arthur Wing Pinero's Powerful Play.
CENTRAL"-'!?
Market St., near Eighth. Phone South 683.
POSITIVELY LASTFOUR NIGHTS.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
JERUSALEM
THE HOLY CITY
A scent o production never before equaled.
200 PEOPLE IN THE PRODUCTION!
60 GIRLS IN BALLETt
Return Engagement of JULIET CROSBY.
PRICES—Eve.. 10c to 80c. Mats.. 10c, 16c, 26c
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS
THE GREATEST OF WELD'S FAIRS.
ILLUSTRATED LECTURE by
JAMES W. ERWIN
A series of beautiful pictures In natural colors.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
THURSDAY EVENING. January 26, at
8:16 o'clock.
ADMISSION, 60 CENTS.
Reserved seats, 75 cents, at a R HOft-
MER'S 538 Market St.. and HIRSCH A
KAISER'S. 7 Kearny st.
THE WEEKLY CALL
tsl per Year.
910
TINY BOXERS WILL SOON DISPENSE WITH GLOVE WORK
W. R. CONDON WINS HANDICAP
IN A GALLOP FROM SAIS.
Hooligan at 10 to 1 De
feats Salable by
a Nose.
»—-
Misty's Pride Runs in
Ahead oi Some
Fair Ones.
• BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
When Louis Ezell arose from his
couch yesterday morning the first
thing he did was to look in his left
stocking to see if anybody had taken
the handicap away from him. The
tall, ministerial-looking owner recalled
a dream that Christmas was here
again and that W. R. Condon had made
a cat-hop of the $1000 mile and a fur
long handicap yesterday at Oakland.
W. R. Condon with his 110 pounds
• made good by skimming through the
adobe gravy, which was deep and juicy
on the track, without drawing a long
breath. Backed from 8 to 5 to 11 to
10, the bay horse touched only the high
.spots, Sais, which finished second,
. at no time being able to extend him.
Modicum lost the show to Captain
Forsee.
The card, an extremely fetching one,
attracted a good attendance, and some
first-class sport was witnessed. While
only two public choices won, none of
the purse setters escaped the talent.
HOOLIGAN BEATS SALABLE.
Del Fountain's good three-year-old
Hooligan beat Salable the length of
an oyster can for the last purse, there
by causing tremendous rejoicing in
" certain circles. Hooligan was a good
thing from Springviile. and, opening
at 10, his odds fell to 7. Many things
contributed to the outsider's victory.
Sea Air, the favorite, tried to run out
most of the way, and Knapp beat the
filly shamefully on the head. Me-
Bride did everything, from a pirouette
to a head stand on the back of Salable,
the second choice. Then Lloyd Foun
tain appeared in his slide for life with
Hooligan, and, dropping from ten feet
nbove the center pole, nailed Salable
a nose on the wire. It was an aston
ishing feat for a hitherto low-salaried
artist.
Educate proved a good repeater by
coming back after her win of the pre
ceding day and downing a racy field In
the introductory sprint. The mare had
Davit* in the saddle and, quoted at 3%
to 1, won all the way. Sir Preston,
which opened favorite- and receded to
fours, finished second, three lengths
iihead of Hipponax. Profitable*, the
post choice, ran fourth.
PICKAWAY IS MADE FAVORITE.
After a prolonged vacation Pjckaway
came out of retirement, to be installed
favorite for the Futurity course num
ber, which followed. Possibly if Fort
. Wayne had not been a starter in the
race the favorite might have scored.
The outsider had a well defined dash of
early speed, and It did Pickaway no
good trying to outrun him. As Davis
turned wide into the stretch with his
mount Tommy Clark made a short cut
with Sol Liechtenstein and in a driving
finish earned the decision by half a
length. Dora I finished third.
There was nothing to the five-furlong
purse fixture but Misty's Pride. The
books laid as good as even money
about the Oregon mare and she breezed
'home first. "Big Bill" Knapp. on Al
bert Fir, easily disposed of Tramotor
for place honors. Davis went the over
land route with Bell Reed.
Somewhat erratic Major Tenny made
his first appearance with the Multno
mah stable colors up in the mile and
fifty yard run and came out of it with
a pair of winning brackets. A hot tip
sent Cincinnatus to the post favorite
at 8 to B, the newcomer being touted
as a certainty. Anvil and Bard Burns
were also well supported. Charley Bell,
astride Major Tenny, shook off Bard
Burns on the back stretch turn and
nothing else got close enough to make
him gallop. The favorite, hard ridden
by Davis, beat Anvil several lengths
for the place.
TRACK NOTES.
Dick Dwyer did some excellent work
with the starting gate.
Twenty-four books cut in. This
advertisements.
Disorder
la the fall of 18951-contracted that fear
ful disease, Blood Poison. It gained such
headway that I was forced to resign my
position and seek relief at Hot Springs.
After spending all the means I had I went
to Memphis. In less than three weeks I
was in a hospital, and after nine weeks of
suffering I was discharged as cured. In
less than a month every bone in my body
seemed to be affected and felt as if they
would break at the least exertion. Again
I was compelled to resign, and I returned
to the hospital for a seven weeks stay.
When I came out I was advised to try
farming. When I first went on the farm I
Prevailed on the only firm who handled
rugs to get me one dozen bottles of S. S.
S. At that time both of my hands were
broken out with blisters and I was covered
with boils and sores. In the meantime my
druggist had gotten two dozen bottles of
S. S. S. for me and I began its use, and
after taking the thirteenth bottle not a
sore or boil was visible. R. B. Powell.
East 9th St., Little Rock, Ark.
Of all human diseases, Contagions Blood
Poison is the most hideous and hateful.
The victim is tortured with eating ulcers,
sores and abscesses, unsightly blotches,
eruptions and other symptoms of the mis
erable- disease. S. S. & has been used
successfully for nearly fifty years for
Contagious Blood
AWttm Poisou. It (Con
(m 1 X * H tains no mercury,
potash or other
mineral. Our home
treatment book
gives all the symp
-1 li Ik Wk tons of this' dis
*M aa m a J M ease. Medical ad-
WkW vice free.
Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, Ga.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND—Wednesday, Jan. 25. Weather fine. Trafck sloppy.
'. "———:— r.. . . m .."' , ._ a Z «<h>k
FIRST RACE—Six furlongs;
Index'
Horse and Owner.
%. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
(7774)'[Educate, a (S. Hoppas) !l07
7757 Sir Preston, 5 (Scharetg> ....'104
7774 [Hipponax, a (A. (". Dean) . ... j 114
77."fi Profitable, 5 iA. Winter*) 104
7752 Flaneur, a (F. Bent) |109
77*18 San Jose, 3 (G. W. Wilson).. 02
7752 illellas. 5 fW. E. Cotton) ]10J»
... SpondooHx, 3 (Jones A Co.) ..! 98
2 ... 1*4 1 IW 1%1 2'i!W. Davie ..
6 ... 2 *4 2 h 21 2 3 [Greenfield ..
5 ... 4 3 3*432 8n Alarie
1 ... 31 45 44 45 McRrlde ...
8 ... 8 8 6 2 6 3 Wright
4 ... 66 62 61 62 Taylor
3 ... 62 72 72 7% Bell
7 ... 7 10 6 n 8 8 [Anderson ..
8 7-2
2 4
5 5
3 11-6
10 16
30 40
80 80
30 60
Time, :25, :50%, 1:18%. At poet 1 minute. Off at 2:16*4. Educate, place, 7.3; enow 1-2.
Preston, place, 8-5: show 7.10. Hipponax, show, 4-5. Winner, br. m. by Russell-Edith.
Trained by J. E. Hoppas! Start good. Won easily. Balance driving hard. Winner re
ceived perfect handling. Sir Preston in the poor going part of way. Hipponax no ex
cuses. Profitable a disappointment. Spondoolix iieen.
77SO. SECOND RACE—Futurity course; selling; four-year-olds and up; value to first, $825.
Horee and Owner.
*4. Str. Fin.
7787 Sol Llchtensteln, 6 (Madison).. '1:
7. r >71» Pickaway, 5 lA. J. Jackson). .Ill
7089 iDora 1, 6 (J. Ryan) *
<77t;7) Instrument, 4 (.Baird & Co.)..fl:
(7757) Hulford, 4 (J. Sohneckloth) . .11:
6774 I Fort Wayne, 5 (A. Ross) |l(
7621 Majeeta, 5 iMrs. Casoni ,...}l<
0 ... 4 % 3 % 2 2 1 H iT. Clark ...
1 ... 1 h 1 *i 3 H 2 1»4'W. Davis ..
4 ... 3 \ ,McBrlde ...
6 ... 06 6 25 4 2 ,'Greenfleld ..
3 ... 6 20 6 30 4 2 6 6 J. Jones . ...
2 ... 2 1M,4 3 5 H 6 50 ILoague ....
7 ... 7 7 7 7 lAlarie
Time. :25, :30, 1:14%. At post % minute. Off at 2:42%. Sol. place, 8-5; chow, 7-10. Pick
away, place, 4-5: show, 2-5. Dora, show, 1-2. Winner, blk. g. by St. George-Ada.
Trained by J. Madison. Start good. Won all driving. Clark caved ground on stretch
turn with winner. With Fort Wayne out of it Pickaway might have won. Dora I re
ceived poor handling. Meßride went out of his way to hit the deep footing. Hulford
ran a mild race.
up:
Horse and Owner.
1ft.
%. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
7728 jMlsty's Pride, 5 (S. J. Jones).10T 8 ... 1 8 1 8*41 5
7058 |Albert Fir. 3 (Jones & Co.)..| 9ft 4 ... 8 1%3 1 3 h 2 3
ITrarrtotor. 3 (Mrs J. Blute).. 93 7 ... 6 5 5 2 3 n
7754 iMy Order. 3 (H. E. Rowell).i 9l| 2 ... 2 3 2 n 4 5
7720 iBell Reed. S (Fitzgerld & Co.) 114) 5 ... 52 4n 61 54
7700 Downpatrick. 3 (Kvan & Co.).! 99j 1 . .> 4 n 65 66 64
6726 lOrchan. 4 (Edgewood Farm)..:105| 6 ... T T T 7
Jones...
4-6 7-10
4 8
10 16
10 9
5 11-2
50 100
100 150
Knapp.
'. Daly...
. Davis..
nderson ..
ell
Time—:2B%, :50ii, 1:03. At post S% minutes. Off at 8:10. Pride, place, 2-5; show, out.
Fir, place, 9-5: show, 7-10. Tramotor, show, 9-5. Winner, eh. m. by Handsome-Misty
Morn. Trained by S. J. Jones. Start good. Won easily. Balance driving hard. Gal
lop for the winner. Albert Fir did well. Tramotor came from the rear gamely. My
Order quit. Davis was hiding In the park with Bell Reed. Took the scenic route.
i;
up; value to
Horse and Owner.
%. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
CI.
7764 !W. R. Condon, 5 (L. H. BzelDlllOi 2 1 % 1 3 12 12 12 iAnderson ..
6347 Sals 4 (Mrs. J. Blute) !l04j 8 4 n 2 3 2 3 2 4 [W. Davis..
(7760>,Capt. Porsee 4 (N. Emr St.) 101 1 6 2 % 2 8 2 8 Vj. 3 % \J. Jones...
7765 Modicum, 5 (D. 8. Fountain).! 961 7 6 3 6 % 5 2 4 «i |L Fountain
7765 |Barrack. a <A. EX Barrett)..! 93; 3 6 25 6 80 6 60 4 n 5 n |W. Knapp.
7765 Stilicho. 5 (Baker City Stb!.. 99 1 3 % 4 3 6 30 6 25 [MeBride ...
7746 IVeterano, 5 (Multnomah St.)Jl04i 4 7 T 7 7 7 |Bell
7-5 11-10
7-2 «
12 15
12 16
12 17
6 7
10 18
Time—:26. :50%. 1:18*4, 1:44, 1:58%. At post 8 minutes. Off at 3:33%. Condon, place,
1-2; show, out. Sais. place, 2: show. 9-10. Forsee. show, 5-2. Winner, b. h. by Troub
adour-Fellpa. Trained by L. H. Scratched—Red Cross Nurse. Start good.
Won In a gallop. Second easily. Third driving. Condon outclassed his company. Sals
ran a clever race. Captain Forsee performed excellently. 1 Modicum weakly handled.
Not sticky enough for Barrack. Stilicho has gone back apparently. Veterano no speed.
FIFTH RACE —One mile and 50 yards: selling: 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Horse and Owner.
%. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
CI.
7747 |
iMaj. Tenny, 6 (Multnomah S.)
.Cincinnatus. 5 (Mrs. J. Blute)
i Anvil, 5 (C. E. Murray)
Mr. Farnum, 6 <Q. Wilson).
Banl Burns, a (O'Rourke). .
,Budd Wade 6 (Baker City S.)
2 2 4 1 2 13 14
4 4 3 4 % 2 l',2 8
3 3 1 8 % 3 n 8 2 3 2>4
66 5 2 55 55 4n
1 lh 2 2 4 5 4 Ufl 10
5 5 h 6 6 6 6
iBell
W. Davis..
i'Wright ....
Taylor
MeBride ..
!o. Chandler
8 6
2 8-5
3 7 2
10 18
4 13-2
6 12
7763 |
7770 [
7756 j
7729 1
Time—:24%. :50%, 1:17%, 1:46%, I:sa At post 3 minutes. Off at 3:59. Tenny, place,
9-5: show. 7-10. Cincinnatus, place, 7-10: show. 2-6. Anvil, show. 1-2. Winner, b.
g. by Tenny-Rose. Trained by W. C. Vtvell. Scratched—Matt Hogan, Frangible. Start**
good. Won easing up. Second easily. Third driving. Major galloped from start to
finish. Cincinnatus did his best. Bard Bums was done with a verse or two. Budd
Wade no speed.
-|-|—1~ —- - - —|— —--| - —|—1.—1.—.— —— — — — »■ *— — — — — 11— --— - - o.i—i.i-ij-i_i~i_ri_ri_ri,ri_i' .1 _i _,
; purse;
value to first, $328.
Horse and Owner.
%. Str. Fin.
a.
7786
Hooligan (D. 8. Fountain)...; 101 2 7 6 1%5 h 3 1 1 u [L. Fountain
'Salable (J. Ryan) ,104 6 4*2h l%ln 28 'MeBride ..
iM. A. Powell (G. W. Wilson)! 107 4 8 2 3 8 3 1H2 3 % IBonner
|Sea Air (T. E. McLaughlin). 1107 3 In In 2 \ 6 n 42 iW. Knapp.
■Morlta (Napa Stock Farm). .11041 7 6 % 7 7 6153 iBell
jYada (W. Cahill) <112| 1 2b 9 5 64 4 % 6 2H|H. Michaels
!True Wing (T. H. Rran)....| 09j 6 5 4 4 n 4 % 7 7 W. Daly...
10
8-5
12
8 5
20
10
7
7
2
16
8-6
50
13
18
7755
776<S
7772
Time—:24*4. :60%, 1:17%/1:47%. 1:60%. At post 2% minutes. Off at 4:22%. Hooligan
place, 5-2: show, 6-6. Salable, place, 7.10- show, 2-6. Powell, show 6-2. Winner'
b. g. by Eddie Jones-Hoolou. Trained by D. S. Fountain. Start good.' Won all driv
ing hard. Hooligan, heavily played, fell off th e tail end of a comet. Meßride rode an
awful bungling race on Salable. Powell a trifl« lame. Sea Air tried to run out all
the way and she received a head beating from Knapp. Michaels steered Yada. True
Wing ran a clever race.
number does not fnclude the two field
books.
The 40 to 1 shot Fort Wayne ran
just far enough to take the reserve
speed away from Pickaway.
The three Los Angeles horses,
Tramotor, Sais and Cincinnatus, all
got a piece of the money.
Dan Heffner, postmaster of Sheeps
head Bay and a dealer in hay and
grain at that horseman's haven, is
paying California a visit for the first
time. He used up his spare time at
the track shaking hands with old
friends.
Robert Tucker. John Cavanaugh
and John Waters, three well-known
Eastern turfites, are due to reach here
from Los Angeles on Saturday.
CORINTHIAN TARS HOLD
THEIR ANNUAL ELECTION
Reports of Officers Show the Club to
Be in Sound Financial Con
dition.
There was a large attendance of
members at the annual meeting of the
Corinthian Yacht Club, held In Red
Men's Hall, Bush street, last night.
The reports of the commodore and
treasurer showed the club to be in a
vigorous condition as regards the
number of members and yachts and
sound financially.
The annual election resulted in the
unanimous choice of the following to
serve the club during the coming
year: Commodore, Thomas Jennings,
owner of the sloop Speedwell; vice
commodore, J. C. Brickwell, part
owner of the sloop Qenesta; port cap
tain, John H. Keefe; directors, the
foregoing, with E. J. Bowes, W. A.
Stringer, John E. McFarlane and J.
V. O'Brien; regatta committee, T. J.
Kavanagh (chairman), Douglas Er
skine and Stewart Middlemas.
After the meeting the members
were the guests of the newly elected
officers at a downtown tavern.
Racing at Hot Springs.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark.. Jan. 25.— Essex Park
racing results:
First race, five and a half furlongs—John
H. Klrby won, Twoatep second. Foxy Grandpa
third. Time, 1:00.
Second race, three furlongs—Dr. McCarty
won, Carthage second, Agnolo third. Time,
:57%.
Third race, five and a half furlongs—Ba
te rre won, Monet second. Rubric third. Time,
1:08.
Fourth race, six furlongs—Toscan won. But.
tons second, Joe Goes third. Time, 1:13%.
Fifth race, seven furlongs—lngolthrift won.
Celebration second, Namokl third. Time,
1:27%.
Sixth race, one mile and twenty yards—
Ladas won, Waterford second. Give All third.
Time, 1:44.
New Orleans Racing Results.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 25.—Results of to
day's races:
First race. Aye and a half furlongs—Mag
nolin won. Daisy Green second. Wreath of Ivy
third. Time. 1:11.
Second race, five furlongs—Mayor Johnson
won, Vlperine second. Invincible third. Time,
1:02 2-5. Matador finished third, but waa
disqualified for fouling. ,
Third race, six and a half furlongs—Frank
Kenny won, Klelnwood second. Sea Shark
third. Time, 1:24 2-5.
Fourth race. Rosebud stakes, three and a
half furlongs—Bertha E won, Jim McGinniss
second. Hostility third. Time, :44 2-5.
Fifth race, one mile—Kickshaw won. Dan
Mc.Kenna second. Old Stone third. Time,
1:43 2-5.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles—Monte
bank won. Lady Chariot second Little Boy
third. Time, 1:58.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—Secretary Shaw
has sent a letter to both house* of Congress
recommending the refunding of duties paid
on imported wheat when used for seed,
I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 26, 1905.
AMERICAN JOCKEY CLUB
FORMED BY CORRIGAN
Nine Tracks WIU Make Circuit of
New Organization With the High
Sounding Title.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., Jan. 25.—The
American Jockey Club was formed here
to-night and nine racetracks will form
the new circuit. Ed Corrigan was made
chairman of the conference and Hum
phrey Devereaux secretary. The tracks
which will form the new circuit and
will run in opposition to the Western
Jockey Club are Worth, Hawthorne,
Essex Park, Louisville, Lexington. Un
ion, Kansas City, New Orleans and La
tonia (providing the court decides in
Colonel Applegate's favor). The head
quarters of the club will be in Chicago.
Another meeting of the new turf body
will be held at Hot Springs on Febru
ary 4, at which meeting directors of
each jockey club will be present and
by-laws be drafted. At this conference
the allotment of dates will also be
made.
The new Jockey Club will have a
board of appeals, which will be com
posed of S. S. Brown, Thomas C. Mc-
Dowell and Julius Fleischmann.
Racing at New Orleans will start
February 11 and will continue for an
indefinite period.
Those present at the meeting were
Ed Corrigan, Humphrey Devereaux,
Rome Respess, William T. Shannon, J.
L. Rhinock, Matt Winn, P. J. Carmody
and Samuel Wagner. It was decided
that any horseman who has not been
ruled off the turf for fraud is eligible to
membership in the new organization.
Ed Corrigan was made temporary
chairman and Humphrey Devereaux
was made temporary secretary of the
American Jockey Club.
HURDLER LANAGAN RETURNS
TO STANFORD UNIVERSITY
Cardinal Adherents Are Delighted, as
He Will Strengthen the Track
Team Materially.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 25.
W. H. Lanagan, Stanford's crack
hurdler, returned to college this morn
ing and registered in the geology and
mining department. Lanagan's return
means ten possible points for Stan
ford's score in the intercollegiate field
meet with California next April. Lan
agan left before . Christmas to follow
active practice wdrk near Folsom and
his unexpected return brings Joy to
the hearts of the cardinal supporters.
Pony Races Are Postponed.
Owing to the heavy rains of the past
few days it has been deemed advis
able by the officials of the California
Polo and Pony Racing Association to
postpone the matinee races scheduled
for Saturday on the private track of
Charles W. Clark at San Mateo. The
meeting will be held one week later,
February 4, weather permitting.
The meeting is intended as a friend
ly gathering, and as the track has
been unfit for training and would be
unsafe for racing, it was thought best
to postpone it one week.
Old-Time Horseman Passes Away.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.—Captain
William Carter, once famous horse
man, for whom the Carter handicap
at the spring meeting at Aqueduct
racetrack was named, died to-day,
practically penniless, aged 68 years.
SELECTIONS MADE
FOR HEAVY TRACK
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
First race—l'm Joe, Roman
Gold, George A. Knight.
Second race — Yellowstone,
Emma Reubold, Alta G.
Third race—Dotterel, Pencil
Me, Blackthorn.
Fourth race—Frangible, War
Times, Barney Dreyfuss.
Fifth race—Piatt, Bob Ragon,
Lady Fashion.
Sixth race—Royal Red, The
Volt, Estoy Llsto.
FIELDS AT OAKLAND
WELL BALANCED.
The selling plater division wW have
an inning at Oakland this afternoon.
As the fields are well balanced, some
good sport should result. The day's
entries:
First race—Three furlongs, maiden two
year-olds, purse.
Roman Gold (Macdonough) 106
Brutus-Gold Lace.
7762 Syphon Girl (Patterson) 106
7725 Yolo Girl (Forbes) 106
7762 George A. Knight (Stover) 105
7762 I'm Joe (Steel) 108
7749 Southern Lady (Spratt) 105
7762 Yearning (Bianchl A Co.) 106
Mazapan (Napa Stock Farm) 105
Solltalre-Sweet Cakes.
Second race—Five furlongs, four-year-olds
and up, selling.
7113 'Remark (Neal) 104
7677 Alta G (Hertzell) ...i 107
7398 Zenonian (Martin) 105
7773 Pidalla (Kennedy) 107
776t: Hugh McGowen (I>ver) 105
7769 "Yellowstone (Fine) 107
7750 'Pure Dale (Hoeppner) 102
7774 'Rosebud (Parker) 102
7761 Bummer (Winter & Johnson) 112
(777)* Emma Reubold (Burger A Co.) 102
Third race—Six furlongs, four-year-olde and
up, selling.
7735 •Übble Candid (Burger & Co.) 99
7757 (MoAlester) 99
7773 'Penoil Me (Grosshetm) 10*
7774 Bassenzo (Palace) 104
7773 Rey Hooker (Appleby A Co.) 104
7769 Greenock (Woods) 1(17
7655 Blackthorn (Fink) 112
7769 'Prestano (Pierson) 99
7707 Pachuca (Napa Stock Farm) 99
7745 El Moro (Stanfleld) 104
7769 •Dotterel (Lynch) 102
Fourth race—One mile and fifty yards, four
year-olds end up, selling:
7740 'Barney Dreyfuss (De Neffe) 104
7776 Achilles (Kleur de Lis Stable) 107
4143 'Frangible (Curl) 104
7752 •Isabelllta (Ronaldson) 102
7771 Maxtrese (Kroniok) 97
(7777)* War Times (Grosshetm) 97
7783 *Mr. Farnum (Wilson) 104
7777 Langford James (Cotton) 104
Fifth race—Futurity course, three-year-olds,
selling:
(7768) Edrodun (Fitzgerald A Cree) lit
(7775)* Lady Fashion (Miller) 9*
7709 (Blaslngame) 99
(7760)«Platt (Stevens A Son) 100
7754 »Bob Ragon (Summers A Co.) ...1 111
7768 Iron King (Chaptfell) 107
7726 »Melar (Strobel) 97
Sixth race—One mile, three-year-olds and
up. puree, maidens:
7778 Ferryman (Daly) 99
7721 Chablls (Zelinsky) 106
7445 Estoy Lleto (El Primero Stable) 116
7721 The Volt (Fisher) 106
7723 Royal Red (Touney) 96
7709 Miss Raphael (White) 106
7676 Tarcoola Belle (Miller A Co.) 94
Harlem Sailor (Eckert) 108
•Apprentice allowance.
A L.
EXPERTS FIND
BIG SHORTAGE
Former Mayor and Tax Col
lector of Santa Barbara
Faces Criminal Accusation
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. 25.—Ed
mund M. Burke, former Mayor of
Santa Barbara, and for four years Tax
Collector of this county, was placed
under arrest this afternoon charged
with embezzlement, and to-night Is
awaiting the results of the efforts of
his attorney to secure $5000 bonds fixed
by Justice Peace, pending a preliminary
examination.
For the past ten days and nights a
corps of experts has been examining
the accounts of Burke, who resigned
last December. When the change was
made an inspection of the accounts dis
closed a shortage of $1800, this shortage
having been verified by the experts
appointed by the District Attorney.
Burkes bondsmen made good, and to
cover them valuable property was as
signed by Burke to them. It was sup
posed when the first shortage was dis
covered and met by the bondsmen and
with the subsequent resignation of
Burke the difficulties of the Tax Collec
tor had ended and the second alleged
deficit came as a matter of - surprise.
DESIRE TO SEE BULL FIGHT
ENDS BADLY FOR YOUNG MAN
John Thompson, While Being Chased
by a Policeman. Falls and Frac
tures His Skull.
John Thompson, 21 years old, was
fatally injured last night while at
tempting to gain entrance in the rear
of Woodward's Pavilion to view the
bull fight. While being chased by Po
liceman M. Murphy of the City Hall
station Thompson tripped over a curb
ing and fell, striking his head on the
asphalt of the street.
The injured man was hurried to the
Receiving Hospital, where Dr. Kucich
discovered a fracture at the base of
the skull.
Several young boys say they heard
that the policeman struck Thompson,
knocking him down against the curb.
A woman is said to have made this
statement also, though no one could
be found who actually saw the acci
dent.
Policeman Murphy says he saw a
gang of boys trying to open the rear
door of the pavilion. He ran toward
them, chasing Thompson. He says
the man tripped over the curb and fell,
striking his head. Murphy denies
that he struck him.
Thompson will probably die. He is
the son of O. Thompson of 1326 Jes
sie street, an inspector employed by
the United Railroads.
SUES GAS COMPANY.—Leap a Morley yes
terday sued the San Francisco Gas Company
for |21W damages for alleged breach of con
tract to light the firm's place of business.
HYLAND READY
TO STOP BOXING
Will Put on the Gloves To
•Day for the Last Time in
Training With Nelson
FUN AT NEIL'S CAMP
Young Corbett and Trainer
McDonald Make Disap
pointing Trip for Ducks
Dick Hyland will do his last hard
work with the gloves in training to
day at the Ocean Beach, when he will
have a friendly set-to wit,h Battling
Nelson. The latter has a kindly feel
ing for Hyland, who fights in the same
aggressive as the man from
Hegewisch.
Nelson says the boxing enthusisasts
see only Neil in the coming fight and
talk learnedly of his class. The Bat
tler says they saw only the class of
Canole, Corbett and other victims of
his prowess and that Hyland may rout
the followers of class in the coming
fight.
Hyland boxed four fast rounds with
big Dave Barry yesterday and three
rounds with McCloud.
The day was a quiet one at Frankie
Neil's training quarters at Billy Shan
non's villa near San Rafael. On Tues
day night Young Corbett, his brother,
Jimmle Rothwell, Frank McDonald and
Bill Richardson went duck shooting at
the San Rafael Duck Club preserve,
about seventeen miles from camp. Con
sequently Frankie was left alone. He
retired early, but was up at daylight
yesterday and took a ten-mile Jog.
About 11 o'clock a rusty looking indi
vidual, driving a horse that had seen
better days, approached the camp and
yelled for something to eat. Billy
Shannon was about to call a constable,
but after the supposed tramp managed
to scrape some of the mud from his
face he was recognized as Young Cor
bett, and alone, footsore, and worst of
all, hungry.
Frankie Neil nearly died laughing
and started to kid Corbett about the
ducks.
"Ducks!" exclaimed Corbett. "I'm
ashamed to look a duck in the face."
He then told his troubles to Frankie,
who winked at Shannon. When near
the duck preserve one of the horses
went lame, so the occupants had to
wade, through mire for nearly two
miles.
Jimmle Rothwell, in attempting to
gain the club veranda, slipped and
fell overboard. Curtains for him for
the rest of the night.
The ducks got wise that something
was doing and didn't appear. The
night was long and cold, as there was
a scarcity of fuel.
At last dawn approached and the
weary hunters started for home. One
of the horses was unable to travel, so
Corbett mounted the other one and
rode to the nearest livery stable at
Novato and hired a cart and drove to
San Rafael,. A rescue party was im
mediately dispatched to the scene and
late in the afternoon the three would
be hunters reached camp.
Neil took the afternoon off and came
over to the Orpheum. He returned
home in time for dinner. *
Although the seats will not be placed
on sale until to-morrow, Manager
Greggalns has advance orders for
$1000 worth of the pasteboards. This
is taken as an indication that a large
crowd will witness the fight.
BOXING BOUTS ARE PROMISING.
Hawthorne Club Matchmaker Brings
Together Good Material.
Gloves will fly to-morrow night in
Woodward's Pavilion. Some of the
best boxers of the city will battle be
fore the Hawthorne Club and specta
tors are promised some fast fighting.
Seldom has an exhibition excited so
much talk. It is the first show given
by the club and every man who is on
the programme is a veteran of the
game and has won his laurels in the
arena.
There will be a lot of money wager
ed on the contest between Lew Powell
and Bob Calms. Powell held the light
weight championship until he allowed
Young Choynski to come in over
wtight and gain a decision over him.
Lew now hopes to retrieve his lost
laurels by handily beating Cairns and
then forcing Choynski to come down
to his weight. Cairns is one of the
best boxers developed at the Olympic
Club. He is a terrific puncher. He
has met and defeated Mike Synfy, Wil
lie Wolf, Young Dempsey and a dozen
others and has a feeling that he can
trim clever Lew Powell.
Willie Wolf has been beaten but
once since starting his fighting career.
He is a fast lad with his mitts and
can take a drubbing. In Charley
Dunne he will meet a dangerous oppo
nent. Dunne is developing in the
game and before long may turn pro
fessional. "Rough House" Billy Mc-
Donald and Frank Mayfield should put
up a rip-roaring bout. These two
would rather fight than eat and are
evenly matched in size, strength and
ability to mix things.
Eddie Kehoe and Harry Baker are
also evenly matched. Harry Tenny is
the most dangerous amateur of his
weight in the game td-day. In Frankie
Edwards, however, he will meet a foe
man worthy of his steel. Edwards
proved his ability when he beat
Tommy West, the boy who was on the
way to championship laurels.
Pete Sullivan and Jim Keegan are
to open the show. Sullivan is a new
man in the game, but the easy way
he disposed of Artie Granfield proved
his success as a fighter.
Eddie Smith of Oakland will referee
the bouts. George Harting will hold
the watch.
SOLDIER SAYS HE WAS
DRUGGED AND ROBBED
Complains He Was Directed by
Chance Acquaintance to Lodging-
House Where Theft Took Place.
William Spores, a soldier, who had
just returned from the Philippines,
was discharged from the service last
Monday. Spores got $103 from the
paymaster and later met a civilian,
whom he asked to recommend him to
a decent lodging-house. The stranger
took him to a lodging-house, where
he went to bed. Yesterday morning
the proprietor Invited him to partake
of some hot coffee. After he drank
the coffee he was seized with cramps,
which rendered him unconscious.
When he came to he found that his
purse, containing his money, had been
taken from under his pillow. He went
to the Emergency Hospital and placed
himself under the care of Dr. Carl G.
Wilson for treatment for poisoning.
He can give no description of bis new
acquaintance.
NO GORE SHED
AT BOLL FIGHT
Senor Robles and His Pica
dores Fail to Excite
Bloodthirsty Spectators
BEASTS SLIP AND FALL
Jack Johnson's Desire for
Speechmaking Ceases as
Warning Signal Is Given
There were no ambulances waiting
outside Woodward's Pavilion last
night to carry off the mangled pica
dores and toreadores or the women
who were supposed to faint. The
bulls came near hurting themselves
badly by sliding over the slippery
floors, but luckily they had too much
sense to try the trick often, so blood
shed on both sides was averted.
The bull fight game may go for the
impulsive Spanish multitude, but It's
not spirited enough for the people of
San Francisco, who have been in the
habit of seeing men fight Had it not
been for Jack Johnson and his little
clown side play those present would
be forced to admit that they were
bunkoed. Johnson's daring climb into
the gallery was the bread winner and
life saver of the night.
The flodr of the pavilion was about
half covered with tanbark and every
time the bulls tried to make a charge
they slipped and, fell. It was impos
sible for the beasts to go more than
a few feet at a time."TPfl the meantime
Senor Robles and his able corps of
picadores were frantically waiving red
rags and brown rags and rags of every
size and hue at the bull, which winked
at the crowd and proceeded to stall.
FLOOR IS SLIPPERY.
What might have happened with a
good floor is unsettled, but the bull
would undoubtedly have secured the
decision over .the senor and his pic
adores. None of them did anything
that alarmed the crowd, save one man.
in a barrel, who was game enough to
let the bull play football with him
for several minutes.
After Senor Robles had piped a lit
tle song the first bull was turned loose.
There was a snort and a kick and
then the beast tried to charge. There
was too much slippery floor in evi
dence and the best he did was to slip
down and get up again. This was
gone over a few times and then the
senor caught the bull by the tail and
horns and showed those present what
he could do if it came to a pinch.
The first bull was voted a failure
by the multitude, but after the second
one had been in evidence a few min
utes they began to yell for number
one again. The second wild beast was
not there. He had no fighting blood
in his veins and was looking for a
getaway hole all the time. After the
picadores and the senor had officed
up to him for a few minutes bull num
ber one was brought forth again, but
he was all in after his first trial and
the show soon broke up.
JOHNSON MAKES A HIT.
During one of the intermissions
Jack Johnson, the champion colored
heavyweight boxer, expressed a -desire
to get into the middle of the ring and
rid himself of some overflow elo
quence. Some one invited Jack to
climb over from the balcony and he
proceeded to follow out Instructions.
When his task was half completed a
voice from the gallery yelled. "Look
out for the bull." Jack tried to get
up again, but no one volunteered to
aid him and he hung for a minute in
midair, with his feet dangling and the
band playing "Good-By, Little Girl,
Good-By."
Finally Jack climbed up in the gal
lery and came down the stairs. He
was introduced and insisted on mak
ing a speech. Just as he had finished
saying "Ladies and gentlemen" Senor
Robles rushed up from behind, hold
ing a red cloth and yelling like a real
bull. Jack took the fence in a leap
and cut the speech out.
As a preliminary to the bull fight
George Braun and Jack Ely wrestled,
the former winning two falls out of
three.
Prisoners Plead Guilty.
Herman Meyers pleaded guilty In
Judge Dunne's court yesterday to a
charge of burglary and will be sen
tenced on February 1. He entered
the room of Louis Pittroff, 118U Ellis
street, on November 2 and stole 30
cents. Charles Svensen pleaded guil
ty in Judge Cook's court to a charge
of grand larceny and will be sentenced
on January 30. He stole $5 from
Hippolyte Allain on December 2.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free to Weak Men!
ARE YOU A WEAKLING? Are you one of those un
fortunate young men who, through ignorance and dis
sipation, have contracted nervous spells, weak back, vari
cocele, gloomy forebodings, loss of courage and ambition,
loss of confidence, fcashfulness, despondency and weakness ?
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt will cure you.
Are you a middle-aged man suffering" from Varicocele,
Indigestion, Constipation, Rheumatism, Lame Back, etc.?
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt will cure you.
Are you an old man, declining before your time, hav
ing lost all ability to enjoy life with prostatic trouble, Lost
Strength, Debility, Pains and Aches and general decay of
Organic Powers? I can cure you with Dr. McLaughlin"*-
Electric Belt with suspensory for weak men.
I will send you, sealed, free, mv beautiful book telling
about it if you will send this ad. Send for it to-day.
DR. IM. C. McLaughlin,
Office Hours—B a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
BOOKS SUFFER
SEVERE SHOCK
Six Well Played Favorites
Gallop Home in Front
at Ascot Park Tract
DESCUENTO IN LEAD
The Unbeaten Three-Year-
Old Adds Another Set
of Brackets to Long List
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 26.—Six well
played favorites won at Ascot to-day
and the books suffered the severest
shock of the season. From Wee Girl,
winner of the first race, down to Mon
tana Peeress, which took the last,
every winner was backed for thou
sands. The unbeaten three-year-old.
Descuento, added another set of
brackets to his list by taking the third
race in easy fashion in fast time. Em
peror of India beat a good field in tha
mile and a sixteenth event, barely out
staying Flo Bob. Weather clear;
track fast. Summary:
First race, three and a half fur longs—Wee
Girl. 112 (MeDaniel), 3 to 6, won; Father
Catcham. 120 (Prior), 3 to 5, second; Dorothea
Fry. 102 (Fltzpetrlck), 12 to 1. third. Time.
:42%. 11a, Sandstorm, Snowbound, Sliver Sua,
Pirate's Dance and That's What also ran.
Second race, selling. Brooks course—Position,
107 (E. Walsh), 7 to 10. won; Ray, 108 (Mc-
Daniol). fl to 1, second; Varro, 108 (Dugan), T
to 1, third. Time. 2:03*4. Helgerson. Head
strong, Prestolus, Red Damsel and Landseer
also ran.
Third race, Slauson course—Deecuetito 114
(E. Walsh), 7 to 10, won; Wlteh Hazel, 98
(Kent). 2 to 1. second; Bluecoat. 107 (Fuller).
12 to 1. third. Time. 1:09%. Clgarlighter,
Maude Fealy. Ding Dong II and Buekster Hodl
also ran.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles.
hmdloap—Emperor of India, 112 (Miller), 9 to
5, won; Flo Bob. 102 (Trubel), 11 to 5. sec
ond : Princess Tulane, 100 (MeDaniel), 3 to 1,
third. Time, 1:46%. Padua and Borghesi
also ran.
Fifth raoa. six furlongs selling— Doc Ander
son. 103 fLynch), 6 to 2, won; Tyrollan. PS
(Herbert). 5 to 2, second; Aunt Polly, 107
(Otis). 18 to 5, third. Time. 1:13*4. Crown
Princess, Mai Lowrey. Fair Light, Mlsa Shy
lock, McJetta and Ethel Becht also ran.
Sixth race, one mile, selling—Montana Peer
ess. 1)9 (Kent), 8 to 5. won; Oolden Light, 111
(Tooman), 6 to 1, second; Bronze Wing, 111
(Otis). 3 to 1, third. Time, 1:41%. Namtor.
Hersaln, Huapala. The Lieutenant and Exapo
also ran.
SHOOTS DOWN
MAN ON TRAIN
Insurance Cashier Fatally
Wounds Bival for Wife' 4 *
Love on Chicago Elevated
CHICAGO. Jan. 25.—Passengers on
an eastbound Metropolitan elevated
train were thrown into a panic last
night when George H. Gould, cashier
of an insurance company, shot and
fatally wounded A. K. Hammond, a
guard employed by the road.
Hammond was off duty and was re
turning home. Gould boarded the train
and entered the car where the guard
was sitting. Witnesses to the shooting
say he at once accused Hammond of
alienating the affections of his wife,
who, Gould said, left home, deserting
her husband and three little children,
a week ago. Words followed, and be
fore the train had reached the next
station Gould drew a revolver and fired
two shots.
There were more than twenty pas
sengers in the car, and these persons
fled to the other coaches of the train.
The train crew telephoned to the police,
asking for an ambulance to meet the
train at the Marshfield-avenue sta
tion. They then hurried the wounded
man to that station without making
stops. Gould stayed in the car and sur
rendered himself to the police.
Among the persons in the station at
Marshfleld avenue was Mrs. Gould,
who said she was waiting for a friend,
whose name she refused to divulge!
When she saw Hammond being carried
out of the station she started forward
with a cry. Both she and her husband
were locked up. Hammond was taken
to a hospital, where it was said that
he could not recover. One of the bul
lets took effect in his left side an inch
below the heart and the other pene
trated his left wrist.
Before her marriage Mrs. Gould was
Mary L. Everts. Her relatives live in
Rhode Island.BLOCKADE RUNNER GOES ASHORE
M. 5. DOLLAR OM VLADIVOSTOK BEACH
There is every reason to believe that
the steamship M. 8. Dollar, which left
here December 31 ostensibly for Mojl,
but in reality for Vladivostok, with a
large, cargo of contraband for. the Rus
sian Government, is piled up on the
rocks at the Russian port. M. A. Newell
. & Co., the local firm through which all
reinsurance speculation is done, yes
terday received a cable from London
quoting a rate of SO per cent for rein
surance on the M. S. Dollar and stating
as the reason for the underwriters' de
sire to protect themselves that a vessel
corresponding in description to jthe
Dollar was ashore at Vladivostok. The
cablegram furnished no details as to
the seriousness of the vessel's predica
ment.
At the offices of the Dollar Steamship
Company In this city the description
furnished in the London cable is taken
as. sufficient to identify the vessel in
trouble with the M. S. Dollar? but as no
Uves. appear to have been lost the inci
dent is not causing any special worry,
as the steamship was fully insured.
The amount of insurance was not given
out for publication.
The vessel was chartered by Harry J.
. Hart and the cargo, which consisted of
hay, oats, barley and a little lumber,
is said to have been insured in London.
• The M. S. Dollar, although owned
♦here, flies the British flag. She was
formerly the Arab and is well known at
..this port. She left here December 31.
. She cleared for Mojl, but it was gen
erally understood, that she was under
; orders to run the blockade and take her
cargo into Vladivostok. She has reached
. Vladivostok. Whether her cargo will
be worth delivering or whether the
steamship will be floated will probably
.not be known for a few days. Captain
Cross, w ; ho is In command of the M. S.
Dollar, was formerly chief officer of
that'vessel. He was promoted to the
command when Captain Gow, the
•former skipper, left for Scotland to
bring out a new steamship built on the
Clyde•for the Dollar Steamship Com
pany.
The M. S. Dollar was built in IS9O at
Newcastle, England. She Is a vessel of
2674 net tons register. Her cargo was
aos follows: 14,003 centals of barley,
.valued at $16,103; 27,000 bales of hay,
valued at $21,600 ; 30.000 centals of oats,
valued at $45,000, and 10.000 feet of lum
ber, used as dunnage, valued at $115.
Fog Impedes Navigation.
The steamer Whittler lost herself In the fog
' yesterday morning and narrowly escaped going
,aih.ore on Mission flats. Fortunately she was
going at slow speed and when the rapid shoal
ing of the water was detected, she was able to
stop and back away from the threatened dan
ger. A heavy fog hung over the harbor all
day and made navigation difficult. On all the
ferry routes the boats ran on fog schedule and
'no accidents were reported, nor were any of the
boats unduly delayed. Running ferry .boats,
as most of them are with passengers,
lft. thick weather, is anxious work and in view
of- the sccentricity of local tides a day like yes->
terday without accident Is a high tribute to
the skill and good Judgment of the men re
■spaneible for piloting the big boats back and
forth. At hardly any time during the day
cculd the pilots see mors than two boat lengths*
in any direction.
Will Be an Oil Barge.
' The old bark Sonoma, famous for some ex
ceedingly long passages. Is to have her wings
permanently clipped and never again, unless
perhaps trailing behind a towboat, will she
be seen outside the Golden Gate. She has
been purchased by the Transport Oil Company
•and will be converted into a floating oil depot
to fee stationed permanently at an anchorage
in the harbor. e*Blg tanks will be built in her
holds and she will be furnished with pumping
gear for the loading and discharging of liquid
fuel. The oil with which her tanks will be
.s.tored Is to brought here from Port Harford.
The So* loloß - '» a vessel of 998 tens. She was
built in 1808 at Chelsea, Mas*..
Sheridan Sails for Manila.
.' The army transport Sheridan, Captain Pea
body In command, carrying a large number of
military and civilian passengers and nearly
°6000 tons of Government supplies, sailed yes
terday for the Philippines. She left the trans
■ port wharf promptly at noon, but It was late
. afternoon before the fog had lifted sufficiently
'. to' allow the big troopship to proceed safely to
. aea.
♦
S. D. Carleton Is Floated.
. The ship 8. D. Carleton, which was blown
. ashore some time ago at Bellingham, was float
ed yesterday. It was feared for a time that
the Carloton would prove a total loss as she
* was driven ashore during a heavy gale and at
high Ode.
Water Front Notes.
. The big British steamer Tottenham will sail
'fn a. few days for the Orient, with Vladivo
utock as her probable destination. W, B.
; Swears has been asked to secure several of
ficers for her as she lacks her full comple
ment.
The little tug L. Roscoe. which came here
from the Rogue River to be overhauled, sailed
.yesterday for her home port.
Carl Anderson, a pallor on the steamer New
burg, fell from aloft yesterday. He sustained
■ a fracture of the right leg and other injuries,
which w-?ro> attended to ai the Harbor Hospital.
•The work of leading the lrfier Manchuria Is
" i needing with af muoh dispatch as possible
'wits the facilities at the disposal of the Paci
■ fie Mail Company. An army of stevedores Is
Working night and day, but the teamsters en
' paged in hauling the freight to the wharf are
putting in most of the time waiting. At one
. time yesterday the line or trucks extended
from the dock gates nearly to Third streox.
. The steamer Hazel Dollar, the big freighter
built on the Clyde for the Dollar Steamship
♦ •ompany of this city, was successfully launch
■ -cd. yesterday. Captain Gow, formerly of the
•M. 8. Dollar, is now In Glasgow and will
brtng the Haze! Dollar to San Francisco when
she la finished.
The vessels en the overdue lists were quoted
yesterday for reinsurance as follows: Stork,
so per cent; Robert Rlckmers. 85 per cent;
• Neoml, 10 per cent: Norge, 8 per cent, and M.
■S. Dollar. 30 per cent.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The French bark Eugenic Fautrel (at Port
land) is chartered for wheat thence ta Europe.
The schooner General Banning loads general
merchandise here for Mazatlar. and San Bias.
The French bark Martha Roux (at Portland)
proceeds thence to Sydney Heads in ballast
fcr orders.
Notice to Mariners.
SAN PABLO BAY, CALIFORNIA.
(Lujt of Lights, Buoys and Daj marks. Pa
cific Coast, 1004. page 26.)
Notice Is hereby given that on or about
February 23, 1806, a whistling buoy, painted
bluck and white perpendicular stripes, will be
substituted for lower mldchannel bell buoy In
thJrty-three feet of water, to mark the channel
of best water over the shoal ground of San
Pablo Bay, California.
SUISUN BAY, CALIFORNIA.
(List of Lights, Buoys and Daymarka, Pa
cific Ccast. 1904. page 28.)
Notlve is hereby given that on or about
February 24. 1905. the bell buoy recently es
taollshed off Army Point, Sulsun Bay, Call
fcrr.ia, will be permanently discontinued.
'By order.of the lighthouse board.
W. P. DAY, Commander, U. 8. N..
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
•
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, January 26.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Alberts, 68 hours from
Pan Pedro and way norta.
Stmr Czarina. Duggan, 68 hours from Coos
Bay.
. Stmr Breakwater, Johnson, 48 hours from
Coos Bay
Stmr Brunswick, Ellefsen, 2© hours from
Eureka.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, January 25.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, Sao Di
ego and way ports; Pacific Coast Staamahlp
Company.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Alberta. San Pedro; Pa
cific Coast Steamehlo Company.
SAILED.
Wednesday, January 28.
U S stmr Bheridan, Peabody, Manila.
Stmr Novo, Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepson, Victoria*, eta
tmr Arctic, Nelson. Eureka.
Btmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart. San Pedro.
Stmr Celia, Hagen. Albion River.
Stmr Argyll. Oilboy, Honolulu.
Stmr Jas S Higgins, HiKgins, Fort Bragg.
Br ship Eva Montgomery. Docherty, Taltal.
Bktn Gardiner City. Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Tug L Roscoe. Grim, Rogue River.
SPOKEN.
Dec 24—Lat 60 S, long 71 W, Br ship Es
kasoni. from Orecron, for Queenstown.
Dec 26—Lat 54 8, no long, Ft bark Gene
vieve Molincs. hence Oct 29 for Queenstown.
Deo 25— Lat 56 S. long 06 W, bark Home
ward Bound, hence Oct 16 for Hull.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 25. 10 n m—Weather
cloudy and calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BELLINGHAM—Arrived Jan 24 —Br stmr
Crusader, hence Jan 20.
PORT HARFORD—SaiIed Jan -2ft—Stmr
Asuncion, for San Francisco.
Sailed Jan 25—Stmr Asuncion, for San Fran
cisco.
SEATTLE—Arrived Jan 25—Stmr Dolphin,
from Skagway.
Sailed .Tan 25—Stmr Ramon a, for Skagway.
Arrived Jan 25 noon—Stmr Jeanie, hence
Jan 21.
ASTORlA—Arrived Jan 24— Schr John A
Campbell, hence Jan 21, not achr Mahukona,
as reported.
SAN PEDRO—Arrived Jan 28—Stmr Nor
wood, hence Jan 23; stmr Coronado, from
Port Los Angeles; stmr Vanguard, from
Sailed Jan 25—8tmr Helen P Drew, for San
Francisco: schr A F Coats, for Grays Harbor.
REDONDO —Arrived Jan 25—9tmr Dcepatcri,
from —; stmr Helen P Drew, from San Pe
dro; stmr Bee, from Eureka.
Sailed Jan 25—Stmr Helen P Drew, for San
Francisco.
ECPEKA— Arrived Jan 25—Stmr Newsboy,
hence Jan 23. „
FORT BRAGG—Sailed Jan 26—Stmr Na
tional City, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH —Pafcsed out Jan 26—Oer stmr
Amasis for San Francisco.
Passed in Jan 25 —Ger bark Antigone, from
Guaymas, fnr Port Townsend.
SAN DIEGO —Arrived Jan 25—Stmr Acme,
from San Pedro. _„ _ .
PORT HADLOCK —Arrived Jan 24—Schr
Ludlow, from San Pedro.
SANTA BARBARA—SaiIed Jan 28—Stmr
Queen, for San Francisco. : -
PORT TOWNSEND —Arrived Jan 25—Schr
Transit hence Jan 20.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU—SaiIed Jan 25— Bark W B
Flint, for Makawell; bktn Fullerton, for San
Francisco. . ,
Sailed Jan 25~Bktn Archer, for San Fran
cisco; bktn Irmgard, for San Franclsoo.
KAHULUl—Arrived Jan 25—Stmr Nebraa
kan, from Honolulu. _
KAANAPALI—Arrived Jan 25—Stmr Texan,
from Honolulu.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK —Sailed Jan 24 —Stmr Begu
ranca. for Colon.
f FOREIGN PORTS.
VALPARAISO—SaiIed Jan 18—Br stmr
Fitzclarence, for Taltal. .
PORT SAID —In port Dec 80 —Nor stmr Tri
color, chartered to load at Mojl for San Fran
cisco, $215 gold. _
GUATEMALA—SaiIed Jen 4—Ger stmr
Memphis, for Hamburg.
HONGKONG—SaiIed Jan 9—Ger stmr Nlco
medta, for Oregon.
Arrived Jan 24—Ger stmr Numantla. from
Yokohama; Br stmr St Fil'.ans. from Manila.
PORT NATAL—Sailed Jan 12—Br stmr
Lowther Castle, for Manila.
SUEZ —Arived Jan 24—Br stmr St Bede,
from Manila, for New York. Jan 25 —Br stmr
Calchas. from Seattle, for Liverpool.
IQUlQUE—Arrived Jan 10—Br e\fnr Capre
ra, from Tyne.
SANTA ROSALlA—Arrived Jan 6—Ger chip
Flottbek, from Hamburg.
SWANSEA—SaiIed Jan 24—Fr bark Ae
nieres, for San Francisco.
GLASGOW —Launched Jan 25—Br stmr
Hazel Dollar, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK —Arrived Jan 25—Stmr Meno
minee, from London, via Rotterdam.
DOVER—Arrived Jan 25—Stmr Graf Wal
dersee from New York, for Liverpool; stmr
Saxoni'a, from Boston, for Liverpool (both
proceeded). „ ~ ,
MOVJLLE—Arrived Jan 25—Stmr Corin
thian, from St John. N B. and Halifax, for
Liverpool. _
LEGHORN—Arrived Jan 25—Stmr Perugia,
from New York, via Naples and Genoa.
BREMEN—Arrived Jan 20—Stmr Kron
prinz Wllhelm. from New York, via Plymouth
and Cherbourg. ...... —f
YOKOHAMA—Arrived previously—Stmr El
lerie. from Portland. Ore., and San Francisco,
for Liege, etc.
LIVERPOOL—SaiIed Jan 25—Stmr Merlon,
for Philadelphia, via Queenstown; stmr Teu
tonic, for New York, via Queenstown.
Memoranda.
A cable to M A Newell & Co, from London,
dated Jan 25, says: Steamer with black fun
nel and two red bands ashore at Vladivostok
supposed to be the Br stmr M 8
sailed from San Francisco Dec 31, 1904. for
Mojl; 30 guineas has been paid fox reinsur-
Jan 12—The Salvage Association
is cabled that the Br etror Cacique has loaded
185 tons measurement sound cargo or Br stmr
Cumbal. from New York for Callao, previously
reported ashore in Smyth Channel: a protest
is being entered against terms of salvage
BELLING HAM, Jan 25-Ship S D Carleton.
previously reported ashore here, was noateo.
this morning.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Ftanotsco, Cal.,
January 26, 1006. . _
The Time Ball en the tower of tha Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day-
j. a., at noon of the 120 th meridian, orat 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United Statea Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and -low waters occur ex
the city front (Mlsston-etreet wharf) about 26
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tldo Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 28.
rises 7:18
sets 6:28
n rises 11:45 p. to.
M I Time: |Tim»| I Time JTirae
g Ft. | 1 Ft I Ft Ft,
S H W] It. W| |H w 1l W
I 8:38!
r 4:25
♦ 5:15
) 8:10
L W
> 0:43
[ 1:45
L 2:42
1.8 8:
1.6 6:1
1.2 6:
0.7 8:<
6.6 2:
6.7 8:<
5.8 3:1
Us
8:
8:
4.1
4.8
4.5
NOTE—In the above exposition of the tldea
tbe early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day la the order of occurrence aa to time; tha
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 26. 1905.
STEAMER M. S. DOLLAR, BLOCK
ADE RUNNER FROM THIS PORT,
ASHORE AT VLADIVOSTOK.
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( —)
sign precedes tha helgl t. and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low watev-s.
Movements of Steamers.
South Bay Ped>o Jan.
Northland ! Portland A Aatoria Jan.
Elizabeth jCoquille River Jan.
F. Kilburn ! Portland A Way Ports. Jan.
G. Dollar Seattle I Jan.
Chas. Nelson.., Humboldt Jan.
Eureka Humboldt Jan.
Areata I Coos Bay A Pt. Orford.jJan.
Umatilla j Puget Sound Porta |Jan.
Queen ' 8an Diego A Way Pts. Jan.
Point Arena.. ! Mendocino A Pt. Arena.|Jan.
Chehalis j San Pedro Jan.
Pomona Humboldt iJan.
San Juan New York via Ancon.. I Jan.
Rainier I Seattle A Bellingham.. I Jan.
Coos Bay Newport A Way Ports.! Jan.
Roanoke 1 San Pedro Jan.
Wellington Nanaimo Jan.
Del Norte Crescent City Jan.
Mariposa Tahiti Jan.
Amasis 'Seattle Jan.
Coronado San Pedro Jan.
S. Monica Grays Harbor Jan.
H. Dollar San Pedro Jan.
San Pedro Humboldt Jan.
Columbia Portland A Astoria ....{Jan.
Centralia Grays Harbor Jan.
Arctic ! Humboldt Jan.
Meteor I Oyster Harbor 'Jan.
F. Leggett i Portland A Astoria Jan.
Norwood San Pedro Jan.
State of Cal...! San Diego A Way Pts. Jan.
S. Barbara... San Pedro Jan.
Curacao I Mexican Porta Jan.
Corona J Humboldt Jan.
Senator Puget Sound Porta IJan.
Santa Cruz... San Pedro A Way Pts.[Jan.
Porno Point Arena A Albion.. IJan.
Breakwater.. .i Coos Bay IJan.
Nebraskan 1 Honolulu A Kahulul. .'Feb.
City Sydney.. [New York via Ancon..(Feb.
Korea China A Japan fFeb.
Costa Rica 'Portland A Astoria IFeb.
Jeanle > 8eattle A Tacoma Feb.
City Puebla..., Puget Sound Ports |Feb.
1
i
Jan. 29
Jan. 29
'Jan. 29
Jan. 30
Jan. 30
Jan. 30
Jan. 30
Jan. 30
iJan. 31
'Jan. 31
.Inn. 31
'Jan. 31
(Feb. 1
[Feb. 2
fFeb. 8
IFeb. 3
Feb. 3
TO SAIL.
— -— 1
Breakwater.'
Elizabeth...
Redondo.
G. Lindauer.,
Corona •
Nevadan
S. Crux 1
State of Cal.
Porno I
I
Sequoia
Homer 1
Chehalls 1
Centennial..
Costa Rica..
H. Dollar... j
Point Arena J
Areata !
Manchuria..
Peru
F. Kllburn..
Eureka
Coronado...
S. Monica...
January 26. i
ICooa Bay direct S pm'jPler 8
Coqulile River 5 pmlPier 20
i Portland & Way.. 4 pmjPier 2
Grays Harbor 1 6 pmiPler 2
■Humboldt 11:30 p Pier 9
Hono. & Kahulul.. 12 m Pier 23
San Pedro * Way. I 9 am Pier 11
San Diego * Way.l 9 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena A Albion] 6 pm Pier 2
I January 27. | I
Wlllapa Harbor ...112 ml Pier 20
Grays Harbor 11 am Pier —
Grays Harbor 8 pm|Pler 2
Seattle & Tacoma.! 5 pmlPier 20
Astoria & Portlandjll amiPier 24
January 28.
.Seattle direct 1 4 pmlPier 20
Point Arena | 4 pmlPier 2
Coos B. & Pt. Orrd 10 amjPler 13
China & Japan I 1 pm'Pier 40
N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 m Pier 40
Portland & Way.. 2 pmlPier 27
Humboldt 9 amiPier 13
I Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
<Los Angeles Ports.J 2 pmlPier 2
January 29. f
ITxm Angeles Ports. |12 m|Pler 2
[Portland & Way..! 3 pmiPler U
Humboldt l:30p|Pier 9
San Diego & Way./ 9 am j Pier 11
January 30. I I
Seattle direct 8 pmlPier 2
Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
;Grays Harbor 4 pmlPier 20
! Humboldt 9 am I Pier 20
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Newport & Way.. 9 amiPier 11
January 31.
Humboldt I 4 pm'Pier 2
February l. |
Seattle & Bllnghml 4 pm|Pier 10
Humboldt 9 amiPier 2
Astoria & PoAlandill amiPier 21
| February [ j
fhina & Japan 11 pmlPier 40
Sydney & Way 1 2 pm Pier 7
Hamburg & Way. .112 m!Pier 19
February 4. I
Puget Sound Ports.ill amiPier a
N. Y. via Ancon.. .|12 m'Pier 40
F. Leggett..
Roanoke
Pomona
| Queen
Norwood....
S. Barbara..
O. Dollar...
C. Nelson... I
Umatilla 1
Coos Bay
San Pedro...
! Rainier
Arctic
Columbia...
' Doric
j Sonoma
I Amasis
' Senator
I San Juan.. •
FROM SEATTLE.
Dolphin Skagway & Way Porta.
Farallon j Skagway & Way Porta.
Cottage City..! Skagway A Way Porta.
Excelsior I Cooks Inlet ft Way Pts.
Steamer.
Sail*.
ran. 80
ran. 31
ran. 31
reb? 1
WITTMAN WANTS JACKSON
STREET ORDER DISSOLVED
Says Injunction Protects Inmates of
Immoral Resort From Arrest
by Police.
To-morrow morning- in Judge Heb
bard's court a motion will be made by
Chief of Police Wittman for a dissolu
tion of the injunction prohibiting the
Police Department from raiding the
immoral resort at 621 Jackson street.
The injunction was obtained by Sebas
tian Ravanl, owner of the cigar store
by which an entrance to the premises
Is effected. The Chief contends that
Ravani's suit was not in good faith,
but brought for the purpose of pro
tecting the inmates of the house from
arrest. Accompanying the notice of
motion are affidavits of Bert I. Wren
and William W. Lambert describing
the premises, discussing the character
and practices of the inmates and de
claring it necessary for the prevention
of crime that the police have constant
supervision over the .place.
The bum actor is sometimes egged on
to his worst.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 25—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day
from other cities:
Boston 26-10iNew York 26-20
Cincinnati 34- 41Plttsburg 34- 4
Chicago 22-12 Philadelphia 26-20
Honolulu. H. 1....74-64 St. Louis 20- 0
Jacksonville 62 34 Washington 34-16
New Orleans ....56-36:
SAN FRANCISCO 56-48.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and the rainfall In the last twen
ty-four hours:
Iyast This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.30 21.81 23.65
Red Bluff 0.08 21.60 18.62
Sacramento Trace 11.84 6.13
San Francisco ....Trace 14.10 7.10
Fresno Trace* 6.98 1.47
Independence 0.00 0.97 0.42
San Luis Obispo 0.00 8.87 1.90
Los Angeles 0.00 8.13 0.67
San Diego 0.00 4.77 0.46
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS.
H
6
3
3
n
a
1
2 Sfi 8
5=33 $Z
|§ f i P
£ S •
3 3
;?
1
3
f
o
a
B.
Baker 30.24 48 38 SE Cloudv .00
Carson 30.20 f>8 36 W Cloudy .00
Eureka 30.22 6« 60 S Cloudy .38
Fresno 30.22 t',2 48 NW Cloudy T.
S.E.Farallon 30.22 00 62 SE Cloudv .00
Flagstaff 30.30 ot} 10 W Pt.Cldy .00
Pocatello 30.34 54 30 SE Cloudy .00
Independence .80.22 53 82 9 Cloudy .00
Los Angeles'.30.14 1% 48 W Clear .00
Mt.Tamalpals 30.26 62 48 NW Cloudy .00
North Head ..30.14 60 40 SE «Cloudy .24
Phoenix 30.10 70 46 W Clear .00
Pt. Reyes L't.30.10 59 49 SW Cloudy .00
Portland 30.22 62 42 SW Rain .20
Red Bluff 30.28 58 48 N *~ Pt.Cldy .08
Roseburg 30.20 50 44 NW Cloudy .04
Sacramento ...30.24 60 46 NE Cloudy T
Salt Lake 30.22 50 44 NW Pt.Cldy .00
San Fran 30.26 66 46 Cloudy T
San L. Obispo.30.16 66 42 N Cloudy .00
San Diego 30.12 66 52 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.18 60 42 BE Cloudy .06
Spokane 30.28 44 34 S Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 30.06 48 SW Rain .40
Walla Walla..30.24 48 82 NE Cloudy .02
Wlnnemucca ..30.26 48 32 N Cloudy .00
Yuma 30.08 78 62 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevails over the Pacific
slope, except fair in Northern California. Light
rair. has fallen from Eureka northward, and
high southerly, winds are reported from the
Washington coast.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
country west of the Rocky Mountains.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary over the entire Pacific elope, and
ranges from three to nineteen degrees above
the normal.
The river has fallen slightly at Red Bluff.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, January 20:
California, north of Tehachapi—Fair Thurs
day, with fog in the morning; light northwest
wind.
California, south of Tehachapi—Fair Thurs
day; light west wind.
Nevada —Fair; cooler Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Foggy Thurs
day morning, becoming fair; light northwest
wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity—Fair Thursday;
light west wind.
Sacramento and vicinity—Foggy Thursday
morning, becoming fair.
Fresno and vicinity—Foggy Thursday morn
ing, becoming fair. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecaster.
SLAVES FINISH
THEIR STORIES
These Tally in Every Case
and Implicate Lee Toy
the Philadelphia Merchant
Lung Ah Duck finished her testimony
yesterday In the United States District
Court. She repeated her statement
that Da Silva struck her on the mouth
with the back of his'hand because she
refused to accept his coaching. The
witness admitted that ,he Doric was
several days out from Hongkong before
she met Da Silva. She said also that
she was put into the lockup by Da
Silva, but denied that she was drunk
and quarrelsome on that occasion.
Le Oun Kew, a nineteen-year-old
slave girl, gave like testimony. She
said that Da Silva struck her on the
mouth because she had refused to con
sent to the proposal made by Lee Toy
that she should lead an Immoral life in
this country after the close of the St.
Louis Exposition. The witness testi
fied also that Lee Toy came to her
while she was being examined in the
Chinese Bureau and threatened that
the bureau officials might hang her if
she told any story other than the
coached one.
Yuen Tsoy Fung, 17 years old, the
prettiest of the four, told a similar
story. She testified also to the fact
that Lee Toy was allowed to enter the
Chinese Bureau and converse with the
twelve women whom he had taken
over on the Doric, The testimony of
Chun Ho, the last of the four, was sim
ilar, except that Lee Toy told her that
he had paid $660 for her in Hongkong.
The case will be resumed this morn
ing.
It's easier for a woman to love a
man than it Is for her to agree with
another woman.
RESENTS ACTION
OF SUPERVISORS
Works Board Makes Caustic
Reply to Criticism About
Post Street Curve Permit
MAESTRETTI IS ANGRY
Questions Delay in Prepa
ration of Specifications
for Paving Thoroughfare
The Board of Public Works yesterday
| replied to the charge made last Mon
| day in a resolution adopted by the Su-
I pervisors that the first named board
j had acted without authority and in an
! unwarranted manner in issuing a per
! Mit to the United Railroads to open
! streets and to. lay a curved track at
' Post and Kearny streets upon the
; ground that there is apparently no ex
press grant made in the franchise of
said company or its predecessors in in
terest to lay such a curved track- The
board is also directed not to issue any
more such permits. . M
The Board of Publlo Works adopted
a counter resolution as follows:
Resolved. That this board deems that the
Board of Supervisors, in respect to the earn
i notification and direction in said resolution
i contained, has transcended the limitation of
! the power (ranted to it by the charter: and
that Its action in passing such a resolution
I was an attempted assumption of the power ex
: pressly granted to the Mayor of this city and
I county, in and by virtue of the provisions of
I chapter 1 of article 4 of the charter, and
which jTovisions contemplate that the legisla
tive department of the municipality shall con
cern itself with matters only that are legisla
tive in character That this board is entitled
to the presumptions of law; "that official duty
■as been regularly performed," and "that the
| law has been oTeyed"; that In numerous ln
' stances this boaid has refused to Issue permits
to enable perse ns or corporations to enjoy
prlvileres granted by the Board of Supervisors
! which were not authorised by law. as in the
I cases of the grants of the privilege to obstruct
the public streets, and divert the public use
' thereof to private use for private purposes, by
: the laying thetfon of spur tracks, and which
want of authority was very evident from the
fact that the Board of Supervisors submitted
an amendment to the charter last year, provid
ing for a grant of power to grant spur track
privileges for private use.
; Commissioner Eagan said he did not
! consider the Board of Supervisors the
1 properly constituted body to reflect on
the acts of any municipal department,
i That all is not harmonious between
the Board of Public Works and the
City Engineer's office was demonstrated
when President Maestretti objected to
the delay in the preparation of specifi
cations for the improvement of H
street.
"I will direct the secretary to ask tfie
City Engineer to file his report on the
matter of paving H street on or before
next Wednesday's meeting," said Maes
tretti. "There seems to be some object
in delaying this work, and I want to
know about it."
Assistant Engineer Morser, who was
sent for, explained that it would take
j some time to prepare the specifications.
| "There has been some work done and
I that must be measured."
j "What have you done in regard to
measuring the area already done?"
asked Maestretti.
"We have done-nothing." said Morser,
"as we have not had the time."
"Well, if you are overworked in your
office." said Maestretti, "we will have
the data looked up here and send it
over to you."
Morser assured the board that the
work of preparing the specifications
would be vigorously prosecuted and a
report filed in a few days.
The City Attorney was asked for an
opinion as to whether Clay street runs
through Lafayette square.
Bids were ordered to be Invited for
the paving of Fourth street, between
Market and Howard, for the construc
tion of a safety station at Market and
Powell streets and for a driveway for
the election booth warehouse.
The petition of the Central Improve
ment Club that sidewalks be construct
ed on Market street, from Fourteenth
to Seventeenth, was taken under ad
visement.
The bids for work on Ninteenth ave
nue, from I to J streets, were rejected
, owing to an error in the proceedings.
Hart Cited for Contempt.
I Upon application of the Nevada Mill
ing and Mining Company, Judge
Troutt yesterday cited General W. H.
EL Hart to show cause next Tuesday
; why he should not be punished for
1 contempt for refusing to testify as tp
I his property before Referee L. Seiden
berg. Over two years ago the mining
company got a judgment for more
than $5000 against Hart on a promis
sory note, but has not been able to
collect. His examination was ordered,
but he'refused to testify as to his prop
erty on the grounds that he lives in
Santa Clara County, that the mining
company Is a foreign corporation that
i has not compiled with the California
laws and that the order of examina
tion has already had a hearing before
Judge Troutt. _ _
Adopted Son Contests Will.
Frank D. Mosher, adopted son of
Annie Mosher, who died of paralysis
January 8 at the King's Daughters'
Home, yesterday filed a contest of her
will of April 80 last, which left half of
her $1000 estate $o William House, a
barber. Mosher claims that Mrs.
Mosher had been declared incompetent
before the will was made and had not
been restored to capacity. He claims
all of the estate under a will of No
vember 15, 1899.
J
ff LIMITED \
Mm is a luxurious solid through train EVERY DAY V-
U IN THE YEAR, less than three days to Chicago Wi
mm over the only double-track railway between the 11
ff Missouri 1 River and Chicago. Electric lighted H
II throughout. Two Jtrains daily via the II
II CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC II
11 AND NORTH-WESTERN LINE. If
In Direct connection for St. Paul and Minneapolis, mm
The Best of Everything. U
For tickets, sleeping car reservations and full infor- MM
mation apply to nearest ticket
LR.KTODl,G«a'ilrtPidfluCom!o. k K.-W,
MBmrTUtHiikul «17M*rk»t$t,P«J»<»H(>Ui,S*nfr»Mi*eo. V.Srtjpl?>Flv
1 WuSsf* S. f. BOOTH, Gta'i irt. Pass'r Dtft, U. ?. 2. 5 B
CITY FATHERS
FAVOR ASPHALT
They Eecommend Use of
Home Product in Paving
of Mission and H Streets
IBON POLES EXPENSIVE
a
United Eailroads Says the
Short Period of Franchise
Does Not Warrant Cost
The Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday put itself on record as being
in favor of the use of asphalt in mate
rials to be used for the paving of
streets. The committee reported in fa
vor of rejecting the recommendation of
the Works Board that the ordinance or
dering the paving with asphalt of Mis
sion street, from Onondaga avenue to
the county line, be rescinded. The
board wants to bitumlnize the street
because the intersecting streets are so
paved. City Engineer Woodward stated
that he had recommended an asphalt
pavement. The committee expresi d
itself in favor of asphalt, it being a
California product, and also directed
that it be used on H street, from Sev
enth to Twentieth avenues.
The committee requested the Brard
of Works to file a for the
purchase of six sweeping machines at
a cost of about $2000. Inspector c:ow- ,
den reported that the deficit in the
■treat sweeping fund was $18,000, and a j
great saving could be effected by using
the machines.
The Street Committee heard repre
sentatives of the United Railroads rela
tive to the proposed type of construc
tion on the California street extension
steam road, which is to be converted
into an electric system. The corpora
tion intends to put up wooden poles,
and some of the Supervisors think iron,
poles should be erected.
Tirey L. Ford, attorney for the cor- j
poration, argued that the only matter \
before the committee was the grant of
a permit to use electricity on California I
street, from Parker street to First aye- '
nue, a distance of three blocks, as the
company already has the privilege for
the rest of the road. Ford said that the '
franchise for the greater part of the
road expired in six years, and this fact
did not warrant the great expense for
the purchase of iron poles, which cost
830 each. The committee decided to in
spect the route of the line next Satur
day at 10 o'clock.
"In the meantime." said Braunhart.
facetiously, "I suppose you are laying
the curve at Post and Kearny streets."
"The curve is already laid," said
Ford with dignity, "and the cars are
running."
John Quinn addressed the committee
on behalf of the Merchants' Associa
tion against the noise caused by the
switch engines of the railroad compa
nies. It was decided to communicate
with Eastern cities regarding regula
tions on the matter.
The long-pending dispute over the
proposed improvement of blocks on
Parnassus avenue and Lotta street was
settled by a recommendation that both
blocks be paved.
TWENTY-FIRST INFANTRY
HOLDS FINAL DRILL
Regiment Preparing to Leave for the
Philippines on the First of
February.
The Twenty-first Infantry yesterday
held its last drill on the parade
ground in front of the General Hos
pital. Colonel C. A. Williams, com
manding, ordered that all drills be
suspended after Wednesday. The of
ficers' schools have finished their re
views and the examinations by the
field officers and senior captains are
now going on and will be continued '
on the transport Sherman, which !
leaves February 1 for the Philippines. j
Lieutenant William M. Goodale, -
signal corps, left for Hot Springs,
Ark., for a short stay. Mrs. Goodaie
remains in the city. Lieutenant G. B.
G. Hanna returns this morning from
detached work at Point Bonita. No
arrivals were. registered yesterday at
department headquarters.
Captain B. C. Morse of the Seven- I
teenth Infantry, who lately arrived ■
from the Philippines, is assigned to
special duty in the place of Captain
John J Bradley, who left Tuesdny for
Vancouver Barracks.
Deputy Registrars Want Pay.
Henry M. Shaw, one of the deputy
registrars appointed prior to the last
erection, for himself and twenty-eight
others yesterday sued for a writ of
mandate to compel Auditor Baehr to
audit their salary warrants. The
warrants were duly approved by the
Election Commissioners, but the pay
has been withheld on the ground that
the men were not appointed from the
civil service lists. Shaw's suit gives a
list of deputies employed as follows:
Seven in March, fifteen in April, forty
three in July, thirteen In August and
thirty-nine in September.
Steffens' Trial Postponed.
The trial of Adolph Steffens for
fraudulently voting at the last pri
mary election, which was set for yes
terday, was by consent continued by
Judge Lawlor till January 30. It is
expected that by that time Detective
Taylor, who arrested Steffens, will
have returned to the city.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(xet €t Good
Pocket Knife
.
A ki\lfe that you can depend on. Has
three blades of finely tempered razor
steel, and is a splendid value for the
money Sl.fSO
I have otger knives in all leading
foreign and domestic makes, at prices
ranging from Sl.OOup
WANT A RAZOR?
You can't do better in getting a
high-class shaving instrument than
by coming to me. I have good razors
as low as $1.00
Razors ground and honed. Honing
• 25c
Mall Orders Promptly rilled.
That Man PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer,
1008 MARKET ST., Opp. Fifth.. 8. P.
DISEASES OF MEN
Oar modern up-to-date- method*
for the certain and speedy cure of private
diseases,. Stricture. Rapture, Pros
tatic Trouble, Piles, Hlood Poison.
Nenoni Debility and Contracted
Disorders has won for us thousand" of
testimonials from patients who have
been cured.
Varicocele, we treat by our improved
medical vibratory method, where others use
the knife. Our Improved French Cones)
never fall to produce a healthy and speedy
cure in the treatment of the injured
Prostate. We issae a bond as a
guarantee to cure all cases we undertake.
Any man suffering from Weakness and
who is Undeveloped can obtain from us
(free by mail) our 10 days* special treat
ment and illustrated chart describing the
cause and effect of Lost Vitality.
Consnltatloa and advice free.
All correspondence strictly pri
vate and confidential.
THE DR. TALCOTT co.
1140 MARKET ST.
Opp. Hales. fan Francisoo, Cal.
<t % *M>^sV^a»^B*jt
v visit DR. JORDAN'S orkat A
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
0 9 ICHsUaUlW.sttllssTll.l.T.Oil. h
\ Kg The L*£f «st AastMslsrd Masses la ia. \
Q Weld. Wllhnm af tnw mumi.t A
7 wbsmmt «'">»*<> •» ,id. tl r
0 lB Hi !>P«cUltn en tha Coast Sat ja run. tj)
A flfffrft OR. JORDAN—DIBIABIB OF MEN A
\ l(||n| Connltados tin end atiiceW prtrna. \
O I BWB Transmit personally me br lattar. A Q
Vlfftl MJ iStmm CW»lo srsry esse ■■■takes. T
6P if 11 A Wrlfe (ot Soak. fBULSSOPSV e>? A
vP I sT BtsßueE, mailbo raaa. :a r
X A IL •alssble back for awe) A
patents! J
330 MARKET ST. $.?\£mor
OCEAN TRA VEfc.
' ,
e Steamers of company, or
for which It la agent, leave
Piers 9 and 11, San Fraa-
For Ketchikan. Wrangel,
Juneau, Treadwell, Haines,
Skaguay. Alaska—ll a.
m., Jan. 20, 80, Feb. 4.
Change to this company's
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver, Anacortes, Port
Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett South
BelUngham, Bellingham—ll a. m., Jan. 25.
80 Feb. 4. Change at Seattle to this com
pany's steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.:
at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:30
p. m., Jan. 23. 29, Feb. 4. Corona, 1:30 p. m..
Jan. 20, 28, Feb. L
For Los Angeles (via Port Lea Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Queen. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via Ban Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Jan. 22, 30, Feb. 7.
Santa Cruz (freight only), 9 a. m.. Jan. 2«.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia,
Quaymas (Mex.). 10 a. TO., 7th of each month.
For further information obtain folders. Right
is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES —4 New Montßom
ery st. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market st., and Broad
way wharvps. Freight Office 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
Plymouth—Cherbourg-—Southampton.
Philadelphia ..Feb. 4[New York Feb. 18
Bt Paul Feb. 11 St. Louis Feb. IS
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LINE.
New Tork—Dondon Direct.
Minneapolis ...Feb. 4 Minnetonka ...Feb. 11
Mesaba Feb. 11 Manitou Feb. 29
RES STAR LINE.
Haw Tork—Antwerp—London—Paris.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
Kroonland Feb. 4 Finland Feb. 1S
Zeeland Feb. Hi Vaderland Feb. 2.V
WHITE STAR LINE.
Hew Tork—Queen stown—Liverpool.
Teutonic.Feb. 8. 10 amlMaJestic.Feb. 22, 10 am
Oceanic.Feb. 16, 2 pm.Baltic. .Mar. 1, 2 pm
Boston—Queen stown—Liverpool.
Wlnlfredian Feb. B)Cymrlc Mar. 1
NEW TORK AND ROSTON DIRECT
To the Mediterranean.
Gibraltar. Naples. Genoa. Alexandria,
FROM NEW YORK.
CRETIC. Feb. 4, noon; March 18. noon
REPUsmMC Feb. 28. noon; April 13, noon
FROM BOSTON.
CANOPIC Feb. 18. 8:30 a. m.
ROMANIC March 11. 1 p. m.
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post st.,- San Francisco.
— ~ ' '
occanics.s.co. E?J^£"
6 8* ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Jan. 2L 11 A.M.
s' S SONOMA for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney. Thurs., Feb. 2, 1905. 2 P. M.
S S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Feb. 7, 11 A. M.
LLSFRECELSkBROS. CO., AZTS-.TICtStOICBSU lit
i.L FreigHt cues 327 Martet si, Pacittc \i
KOSMOS LINE, SAN FRANCISCO.
PASSENGER SERVICE.
Steamship "AMAHIS" will sail from Bah
irrlnclsco February 2. 1906. for Europe, via
ports on Uie west coast of Mexico Central and
South America. Steamship "ASSUAN" will
.ail February 18. 1906. For rates and accom
modations apply to LENDAL M. GRAY. Man
ager. 329 Market street.
COMPAQNIK SSNERALB TBANBATL ANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE—Parts. r ——
Bailing every Thursday Instead of ■iM.&Wk
Saturday, at 10 a_m., from Pier 42. *«maaaaW
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Seo
«nd class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
Canada 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
Saw York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Aaents. 6 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
For TJ. S. Navy Tard and Vallate.
Str*. General Frisble. Montlcello and Arrow,
a-45 a.m.. 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m., « p.m.. 8:30
n'm • Sundays 9:45 a. m., 12:30 noon. 8 p.m.,
■SO o.m. Leave Vallelo. 7 a.m., 9 a.m., 12:39
D m 3:15 p.m. (•5:46 pro. Saturday), 8 pm.
Sundays. 7 s_m.. 9 a.m., 8:29 p.m., « p.m. Pier
2 foot Mission St.; phons Mala 1606, HATCH
1 BROS.
1112
FREE—The National Combination Needle and Pin Case
THE^C&LL
■ JOHN* I>. SIMIKCKKi.S. . .lMH>|)nctor
Address Communications 10
JOHN' McNAI «ail Manager
w7 J. MAK'MN . Business Manager
• * TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The o;.erator Will Con
m nect You With the Department You wish.
Publication Office Market end Third. S. F.
• Editorial Rooms 2!7 to Stevenson St.
' Delivered by Carrier*. '-'J Cts. Per Week. 75
-■ . . Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Terms by .Mail Including Posfage (Cash with
• ■ . . Order):
DAILY CALL (In.-lud. Sunday), 1 year.. .ss.cw
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday), 6 mos 4.00
DAILY CALL—By Slnple Month
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2.50
WEEKLY CALL, 1. Year 100
FOREIGN i Sunday. 4.35 Per Year Extra
POS TAGL. rjaiiy.. .JB.SO Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re
quested.
Mali .subscribers in ordering change Ot sa
dress should be particular to givo both NEV\
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to insure a
• prompt and correct compliance with their re
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
'IMS. Broadway Telephone Main 1088
BERKEIJEY OFFICE.
tl4B Center Street Telephone North TT
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Post Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 81
° Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
• Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C: GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building.
(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bullying
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
• • C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
■ corner Market and Third streets; open until
.-12 O'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
. 7008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
• * % :30' p. m.
. 800 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
«3i> McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
61.5 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1841 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
10»" Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
■1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
'•' • '■• MEETING NOTICES.
* A STATED meeting of Verba Buena uxt»
.'. Lodge of Perfection No. 1, A. and A. J|
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be #1
." « held 'in Commander)' Hall. Masonic
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING,
.January 20, 1905, at 8 o'clock. Visiting
. brethren cordially invited.
HENRY BURNER, Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79 R. A. M.— m
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
..EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Lodge of in- /VN
, • 'stnffction. All members requested to
attend. By order of the H. P.
.• ; • • ' ' JOHN R. HILLMAN. Sea
•'CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. _
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) >»/V
EVENING, January 26. at 7:30
'. " .• o'clock. Second degree.
! • FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
•' FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. 9
•M.—Special meeting THIS (THURS
".' ' DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Sec
'• 'one? degree. Fellowcraft Masons cor
dially invited. By order of the W. M.
. • • FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— m
Tliird degree THIS (THURSDAY) >*A/
"* EVENING at 8 o'clock. Master Ma
sons cordially invited. By order of
. "fhe Master.* J. R. GOLDSMITH, Sec
aYTjSIR KING Lodge No. 344, F. and «
A. M., 317 Devisadero st.—Second de- wS**
gree THIS (THURSDAY) at 7:30
|». m. Visiting brethren cordially in
vited,. By order of the W. M.
H. F. WRIGHT. Secretary.
GOLDEN WEST Lodge No. 322 L
0 F —Initiation THIS
( THURSDAY) EVENING. Vis- J9_4B_bP
' itors "cordially invited. ""I
D. A. HEMPHILL, N. G.
W. C. McCLAIN. R. S.
OLD Friends' Grove No. 139, U. A. O.
P.. will hold their regular meeting H
TO-NIGHT at Austrian Hall, 507 Sut- ■■
ter st. The Noble Grand Arch and Grand
Officers will pay us an official visit. The
degree team will confer the bards' degree .in
the amplified form. All members are re
, quested to be present and all brother Druids
tire respectfully Invited. A good time Is aa
sdred. CHAS. BENTOW, Noble Arch.
S. M. DARRAH, Secretary.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle v v-
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) 3k,
EVENING in Fraternity Hall, 32
O'Farrell st., at 8 o'clock. Smoker 3*Js
follows.
GEO. W. PATERSON, Royal Chief.
° ° A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder.
, THE Servian Benevolent Society
holds Its regular meetings . .
»verg second and last THURS- _ _/
• DAY of the month at 102
O'Farrell st at 7:30 p. m atjgg
JOHN A. LJUBIBRATICH. _if£BF
President. ISBr^-S*
V. RADOJEVTCH. Secretary. mmZMI
IND. RED MEN'S HALL ASSO- 4t^r»S2_
. CIATION—Annua! meeting—The ~2_Er
regular annua! meeting of the mWSmf
• shst-eljoMers of the Ind. Red Men's Hall As
sociation will *oe held at Red Men's Hall.
.010 Bush st., S. F., Cal., on FRIDAY, the
27th.day of January. 1903. at 8 p. m.. for
the purpose of electing a Board of Directors
° to. serve for the ensuing year and the trans
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting.
CHAS. SCHLESINGER. President.
• . C. G. BOLBDORFF. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting—The regular annual meet
ing of the lot owners in the Masonic Ceme
tery will be held at the Masonic Temple on
TUESDAY, February 7. 1905. at 2 o'clock
p. m.. for the election of nine directors end
<uch business as may legally come before
them. THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting—The regular annual meet
ing of the itockholders of the Matson Navi
gation Company will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market St.. San Francisco,
Cal.. on THURSDAY, the 9th day xf Feb
ruary, - 1905, at the hour of 2 o'elocw p. m.,
for the purpose of ejecting a beard of direc
tors to serve- for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. GEORGE A.
DOUGLASS. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro
cess from Santa "Fe Gold Mining Company.
!n Santa Fe mine, near WestvllD. Placer
County, Cal., draining Into John Dick Creek,
*rr)irh reaches North Fork of Middle Fork of
American River, gives notice that a meeting
to receive any t rotests will be held at room
6R. Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., Feb
ruary (1. 1905. at 1:30 p. m.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
Advice free in al! legal matters: private divorces
a specialty: quick, quiet; :io pay unless divorce
Is granted; collections made; partnership bill of
sale, wills, deeds, etc.. drawn. Open evenings
by request. Established 22 years. G. W.
HOWE. 1122 Market St.. bet. Mason & Taylor.
ADVICE free, private, confidential: business
legally and promptly transacted: attachmnts.
collections, probate, mechanics' Hens, tenants
ejected, bankruptcy: contracts, wills, etc.,
drawn. W MATTHEWS 032 Market, rm.23.
R. W." KING, Attorney-at-law, Exam, bldg.,
6th floor: entrance room 811; established 20
years: all courts, general court and office
practice; no fees in advance or for consulta
tion; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AA —Divorce: Costa $12; qulck,qulet;advlce free:
all Taw business; no charge unless successful;
open evenings. 927 Market St., room 301.
AA—DIVORCE: costs $12: advice free.
All legal bus.: no charge unless successful.
Examiner building, room 316.
JO.HN GUIDERT. attorney-at-law. rooms 35
and 3(5, Chronicle bldg.; phone John 2781.
IF ycu need a lawyer consult me at once; low
est fee. H. IT. HEAT*I. 655 James Flood bid.
X.. §\ CLARK* 927 Market, room 304: consulta
tion free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
] ATTORNEYS AT LAW—Continued^
AI>VICE ft*e; ieg.il divorce, coat* $12; all law
cases handled; no ft* i?i advance; open Sat
j uiday evciUlUtw: ether evenine>: by appolnt-
I ment; cail and sere mcney. SHI .M...-lc-t, r. 33.
AGENTS WANTED.
I RELIABLE agents make $100 month selling
| R-ntovo. Why nut you? DEMING. !>l!7 Market.
AUTOMOBILES.
A CADILLAC auto for sale; better than new,
an it has only been run short while. Box
j 4402. Call office.
! FOR sale—One White Stanhope: one White
touring car. canopy top, brass trimmings;
| all in excellent Ci ndition. 320 Croesley bids.
I for sale—Automobile (Dolson); will sell very
reasonable. Box 4001, ( all office.
[ .. _ gggSBBB
ASTHMA CURS.
1 DI KOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves instantly:
30c. -sc. 50c. 1002 Market. St. Nicholas, also
Wishart. Tenth and Washington. Oakland.
BOARD ING FOR. CHILDREN.
WANTED—I or 2 children to board; good
country home; Jersey cow; no other children.
I Address MBS. C. BEIDON. Santa Rosa.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
' A—$1000; HALF Interest In millinery store;
one of the best in this city; retiring partner
to go to the country; location Close to' Ma
rket st. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s3so; DELICATESSEN store and branch
bakery on Ellis St.; 4 living rooms; rent $17;
a bargain. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—(3600; HOTEL with properly 3 lots, house
12 rooms, barroom, fine grounds; about 120
miles from S. F.; license $21 per quarter.
Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A—$1000; BUTCHER shop on Third St.; dally
receipts above $30; horse, wagon; lease; good
• business. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—sl2oo; BAKERY in lively town. 30 miles
from S. F.: rent $27; 4 years' lease; baking
2 barrels per day, 3 horses, 2 wagons; large
store trade. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A—s22oo: COFFEE saloon in best location;
rent $50; place taking in above $70 per day;
10 years' lease; a splendid offer. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s22so; coal, wood, hay and grain business;
8 horses, 3 wagons; net rent $34; estab.
years; owner a widow; must sell at once,
as she wants to leave the State. Call R.
G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s2ooo; RESTAURANT and lodging-house:
130 beds; rent $80; located Sacramento and
Montgomery sts.; place clears about $300 per
month. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny at.
A—s3ooo; CORNER grocery, kept by owner 9
years; doing a large business; owner has an
other corner grocery and bar for $8000; must
sell either one; take your choice; location the
best. See R. G. WILKE, 26Kearny st.
A—s7so; DRY goods and notion store In Berke
ley; rent $18; 5 living rooms; a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—s3ooo; CORNER saloon on Sixth St.; place
doing a good paying business; estab. years:
lease; a first-class busineee proposition. For
particulars see R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—$800; OYSTER and chop house, close to
Market and 7th sts.; rent $29; good business;
owner must sell this place or his other, oyster
and chop house on Montgomery aye.; price
$450; rent $16; come investigate and take
your choice. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—sl2oo; ROADHOUSE; 4 furnished rooms;
rent $16; lease: ehuffleboard; place estab
lished many years; best location on San Ma
teo road. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—s22oo; CORNER saloon on California St.;
rent $75; old established business and good
paying place; flne fixtures; large stock; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—$800; RESTAURANT and chop house; close
to 2 carhouses; 5 rooms; rent $33; established
years; doing a flrst-clase business; investi
gate; this is a good business and a bargain.
Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s4ooo; BAKERY and confectionery,' estab
lished many years; baking 7 barrels per day;
6 horses, wagons and buggy; one of the best
in this city. See* R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—ssoo; HARDWARE, locksmith and electri
cal repair shop; established 25 years; best
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A—$1800; SALOON on water front, close to
Market St.; net rent $120; place established
many years and known as a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—s3soo: LIQUOR store, with 5 years' lease:
$2000; stock guaranteed; one block north of
Market: a very rare chance. Call on R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
dally receipts $50; rent $80; lease; place lo
cated close to Market and a good business.
Call on R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny at
A—sl7so; CORNER grocery and bar, with 6
living rooms; on Sacramento St.; 4% years'
lease; rent $45; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s24so; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash busi
ness; location can't be beat; value In sight.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
$350—CANDY and fruit store; Market St.; one
room; large stock. Western Co., 1007% Mkt.
$375 —CORNER cigar stand; good stock and
fixtures; slot machine cash register and
good-paying trade. 1007% Market st.
WANTED —Honest and sober man to look after
office and keep plain accounts; experience un
necessary; small capital required. 1007% Mkt.
$275 —BARBER shop; good business; 2 chairs;
8 living rooms; snap. 1007% Market, nr. 6th.
$175 —PARTNER in cor. fruit, vegetable and
poultry store.; N. Market. 1007% Market at.
$223—CIGAR store; club room; wholesale dis
trict; rent $10. Western Realty. 1007% Mkt.
TO INVESTORS.
WE HANDLE
High-class propositions only.
From $600 to*sso,ooo.
Have dividend propositions paying all the
way from 5 to 20 per cent per annum.
Fullest investigation courted.
Call or write for particulars.
J. W. JAQUITH & CO.,
James Flood building.
Rooms 874. 876 and 878; tel. John 2421.
F. A. BROOKBANK,
BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market St., between Fifth and Sixth.
A—PARTY with $300 and services can secure
an interest in well paying business clearing
$200 to $250 monthly at present and same
can be easllv increased; must be sober and
industrious. "Particulars with BROOKBANK.
X477S—ALL the furniture of a first-class hotel
of 57 rooms. Including bar-rqom and fixtures,
billiard room and' table, dining-room linen,
crockery, range, etc.; a 'bus, 2 horses and
harness; with 10-year lease on house; situ
ated in one of the best small cities in Cali
fornia and near San Francisco. Address box
4902, Call office.
$2200 —SALOON in Oakland:' principal business
part of city; great thoroughfare night and
day; must be seen to appreciate; rent very
cheap; established 30 years. If you mean
business call at once. HENRY SCHMIDT A
CO., 855 Broadway, room 11, corner of Sav
j er.th St., Oakland.
FOR sale—A bargain; whole property: a coun
try hotel, with bar, at railroad station, to
gether with furnishings, complete; piped for
gas, own system; p*ys $50 per month rent;
or will exchange for suitable ranch. Ad
dress Owner, box 28, Windsor. Sonoma Co.
$300 —STEADY man wanted as partner In es
tablished cash business; will pay on an aver
age $90 per month to each; duties light;
easily learned: no night or Sunday work.
883 Market it., rcom 6.
FOR sale —A controlling Interest in a first
class mercantile business: 30 years' standing;
capital required about $60,000. Box 4715,
Call office.
A NICE little shoe atore; center city: large
repair trade; 8 furnished rooms; all com
plete; will sell reasonable; sickness. Box
460 L Calh
PARTNER with $800 to take charge of lunch
counter and cigar atand; lady preferred; good
profits; short hours. Address 60 Geary at.,
room 8, 2 p. m. •
WE incorporate and float stock companlea: we
handle unlisted securities; loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT &" CO.. Elllcott square,
Buffalo.
RESTAURANT for sale; centrally located; es
tablished 25 years; must sell at once. 181
Sixth st.
COAL yard In Oakland for sale: In fine loca
tion: doing good business; owner has other
business. Box ICI3, Call office, Oakland.
■ —
DAIRY —30 cows, bull, horses, wagons, etc.;
leng lease; $2000. Box 1612, Call office,
< >ukiand. .
| FOB SALE —Whole or half Interest In a real
estate office In Berkeley; splendid location,
i Apply box 1592, Call office.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY. JANUARY 26, 1905.
j BUSINESS CHANCES—Continued.
j A —CAMERON & CO. ; Phone South 1050.
I a Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
j Heudquartets for all kinds ot business chances.
I A—s6soo; one of the best corner grocery and
! bar* in F.; downtown transfer corner; 6
vat*' lease: rent; doing big business,
but compelled to leave for Europe; here is
chance of lifetime to secure first-class busi
ness proposition that will betii Investigation.
CAMERON & CO.
j A—s3so; good Market st. cigar store; cheap
rent: well located under first-class hotel;
this is a rare chance to cet fine location and
business cheap. CAMERON & CO.
A—s3soo; tip-top stationery and bazaar; swell
location; long lease; cheap rent; stock and
I lixtures up-to-date; never changed hands;
published 10 veais; Clearing now $300 to
$350 per month; best reasons for selling;
genuine snap. CAMERON & CO.
A—slsoo: weil located cafe, billiard-room, two
chair barber shop, with 8 well furnished
rooms above; rent only $30; cost over $2500
to furnish; call and make offer as owner
must sell on account of other business.
CAMERON & CO.
A—$1800; first-class saloon on flne corner,
wholesale district; rent only $60; doing good
business; no night or Sunday work; big
opportunity. See CAMERON & CO.
For sal-—Well located 3-chair barber shop
on Fillmore St.: rent'sls; doing good busi
ness; oid established stand; here is a chance
to get paying business for little money;
owner leaving city; price $300. CAMERON
& CO.
A—$8800; first-el ass 38-room country hotel,
bar alone ooat $1600; one of the beat Inland
townu In State; 60 mllea from S. F.; doing
good' business; family troubles causing sale;
furnishings new and up-to-date; now la your
time. CAMERON & CO.
THE Inventor of the new process for soldering
aluminum wants capital to establish a fac
tory for the making of cans to supply the
fruit and fish canners of the Pacific Coast.
Box 4748. Call.
WANTED—An established delicatessen store:
no difference what the present trade is If It
is located In a good residence district; give
full particulars to box 4901, Call office.
NEWSPAPER route for sale in Oakland: a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for 'parUculars.
FOR sale—First-class bakery in San Diego, CaUa
Particulars. "THE LITTLE WONDER,
24th and Bryant sts., city.
I BUTCHER shop wanted with an established
I trade. Address, with parUculars, box 4SOI,
Call office.
$350—DELICATESSEN store. Including 2 fur
nished rooms; In good business location; re
ceipts $10 per day; rent low. Box 4906, Call.
FURNISHED barber shop- cheap rent. Apply
early to-day with tools. Inquire 500 Shotwell.
SALOON for sale, with lease. 200 Ninth st.
WANTED—Partner harness business: small
capital; low rent; nr. Market. Box 4752. Call.
RESTAURANT for sale; doing a good business.
1024 Hyde st.
PAPER route for sale; large outside route.
631 California at.
$900—CORNER grocery and bar; good location
in Mission. Box 4501, Call office.
WANTED —To buy cigar stand; atate location,
etc. Box 4503, Call office.
__CAH3["ET^JBEA^
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat
ing works, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har
rlson St.; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
TEL. Sutter 1981—STAR RENOVATING CO.,
530 G. G. aye.; carpet clean.. fIL lay.; reas.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st—First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Suttor st.;
tel. Main 390. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: nrlces
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
A. CAMERON & CO. Phone S^mth^lOsix
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-housea, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
One of the swellest 83-room family hotels In
San Francisco, catering to same class of people
as St. Francis or Palace; furniture, carpets
and furnishings of the best; everything up to
date; there is nothing that excels it In this
city; never been on market before; this hotel
now clears, over all expenses, $1400 per month;
best of reasons for selling; this house cost $40,-'
000 to "furnish; to be sacrificed for $24,000; ex
clusively with us.
40 rooms; brand new, up-to-date proposition;
beautiful building, furniture, carpets and dra
peries of the best; flne location; near Market:
cheap rent; 6 years' lease; clearing over $200
per month; all full nice roomers; any one
looking for first-class new house can't overlook
this; part cash, balance paid out of huse;
price, $3500.
9-room modern upper flat; rent $60, water
free; only 5 months furnished, with elegant
furnishings; <?hoice block Ellis St.; $300 down,
balance can be paid $25 per month.
21 rooms, south Market; rent $85; well fur
nished and clearing $75 per month; cost over
$1200 to furnish; can be had for $850, with
one-half cash, balance 1 per cent.
16 rooms, Eddy st.; $05 rent; oak and cherry
furniture; carpets good, and clears $75 per
month; leaves 3 best rooms for family; part
down, balance can be made from house.
100 rooms; heart of business center; grand,
new. modern building with all the up-to-date
appliances; steam heat, electric light and ele
vator; furnishings and draperies the best; the
cheapest rent in San Francisco for downtown
hou*e; rare opportunity to get first-class busi
ness that will pay $400 to $500 per month;
owner must leave city; only with us.
8-room modem flat; new 6 months; rent $25;
beautifully furnished; flne location; and cost
over $900 to furnish; snap at $400.
85 rooms, part housekeeping: rent only $140;
oak furniture; flne carpets: clearing $150 per
month; long lease; can be had for $1800 down,
balance time at low Interest.
57-room, new and modern apartment house;
exquisitely furnished in weathered oak. ma
hogany and birdseye maple. Axminster and
velvet carpets; 2 and 3» room apartments; 5
years' lease; full first-class people; obliged to
leave for the East.
I
14 rooms. Eddy; cheap ront; well furnished
In oak, with good carpets; part housekeeping;
where you can clear about $50 and have nice
little home with small amount of work; price,
$800.
16 rooms, well located on Eddy; oak furni
ture, good carpets; fine condiUon; clears' $60
and leaves 3 best rooms landlady; reduced to
$1200.
6-room upper flat, corner; rent $50; lease If
wanted; beautifully furnished; only furnished
one year and cost $1280; bargain at $650.
60 rooms, all light and sunny; close in;
beautiful new building: flne entrance; elegantly
furnished throughout in weathered oak, mahog
any, birdseye mapie; finest velvet and Axmiia*
ster carpets; long lease with cheap rent; clears
$300 per month; never before on market; illness
of husband causes sale; only with ua
ID rooms, located In first-class neighborhood,
close In; rent is Only $85; extra well furnished
*nd clearing $61 per month; ali full; part
housekeeping; price $1400.
11 rooms; Geary, close In; cheap rent; fur
nished in oak and mahogany; carpets first
class; all full and clearing nice little Income;
' must leave city; price l $750.
( 70-room country hotel; best Interior town In
State* barroom, 2 lining roms and 5-room
tottage besides; rent $100 per mnth; can get
10 years' lease; brick building; everything flne
condition; fine business proposition.
12 rooms, well furnished; rent only $5 per
room; you can make $50 per month and have
2 nice rooms for family; only $850.
SO-room family hotel on Nob Hill; elegantly
furnished; all light and sunny rooms; choice
location and clears flne income; sickness in
family compels being disposed of; make offer.
30 rooms; flrzt-class. new transient house;
well furnished and doing fine business; owners
are getting old and wish to retire from busi
ness.
Have large Hat of real estate, hotels, room
ing-houses end business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
ELEGANT 47-room house; bargain; make of-
I fer; or will exchange. Room 45, Parrott bid.
LODGING-HOUSES FOX SALE—Con.
Money to Loan.
Phone (private line) Main 33-l-"3.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Up-to-date offices In the James Flood build
ing, corner Market and* Powell. Entrance op
posite "Erruporium."
Suite 801, near elevators.
Free service to buyers. Titles guaranteed.
HIGH - CLASS. RECOM
BEAUTI FUL MENDED
N E W A N D —37 rooms—
MODERN 68 NEW and-MOD
roomn (partly ) ERN. The fur
furnished), full |til!-hings are new
Of roomers. Rent and beautiful.
Jily $5 per room; Clear* $175
fi-year lease; monthly. It Is
price, $3500. the linest in this
Fine opportun- city,
itv. See
See MARION
MARION GRIFFIN.
GRIFFIN.
SMALL WANTED.
HOUSE, NEW A cultured lady
AND MODERN. to buy this
Do you want a fashionable ho
nice, quiet, sun- tel of 45 rooms;
ny CORNER clearing $-00
HOUSE ? It has monthly.
24 rooms —Price $S(XK) —
—and in a— % cash; Install
iplendld location- ments.
Owner out of —NOW—
city. We are or- —WE —
dered to sell and —SAY—
will aubmlt any —THIS—
offer. —HOTEL—
Please —IS —
Remember. —O. X. —
MARION Respectfully.
GRIFFIN MARION
"Will submit GRIFFIN,
any offer."
SNAP It quick: IF YOU
$600 for 16 want to ex
rooms; n. c. cor. change your
flne location. house for any
north of Market. other houye.
Rent $30; $250 MARION
down and $10 GRIFFIN
monthly. In- can arrange it
come should be for you.
$90 monthly.
— Business propo
sitions.
GREAT BAR-
GAINS. 68 rooms
north of Mar
-3- room apart- ket; elevator;
ment house; rent modern; $5700;
$55; clean and % cash; easy
full; easy terms; terms; income
price $1600; $430 over rent;
sickness, 7-year lease.
39-room lodging 87 rooms and
house; clears bar; $4250; rent
$140; rent, $60; $325: owner
price, $1600; positively guar
well furnlshea. antees $300 pro
—— fit monthly.
10 rooms on
Geary St.; nice, 32 rooms, new
$450; $100 down and grand; fi
end small pay- year lease;
ments. clears $350
monthly; $1500
18-room house, 8 down and ln
biocks north: re- • stallments.
duced to $500 if
sold by 5 p. m., 154-room apart -
Jan. 24th. ment house;
$7500; $2000
24 rooms: 3-year cash; profit $396
lease; central; monthly,
clears $86; price —
$1300. one-half 38 rooms, very
cash. Clean and swell, on Sutter;
respectable. clears $150
monthly; price
22 rooms: near reduced from
Ellis and Lar- $3500 to $3000.
kin; rent $70; Do not fail to
clears $70; price See
$1100. reduced to MARION
$945. GRIFFIN
ONLY $200 paid Do you want a
down (for a hotel or board
trial) Ing house? We
—19 rooms— have several nice
3 blocks north, propositions.
—price $1200— Call and see us. i
reduced from MARION
$UiOO. We back GRIFFIN,
you for a thous- James Flood bid.
and.
$2500 —A CORNER house, 14 rooms, elegantly
furnished; best location In Oakland; rent
reasonable; long leaset $150 to $176 month
clear; rare chance; call at once. M. LESS &
CO.. room 31. Bacon block. Oakland.
FISCHER & CO.,
Successors to Mitchell & Co. In rooming
houses, hotels and flats, James Flood bldg.,
Powell and Market,' room 430. Phone Main 3354.
11 ROOMS, housekeeping; clear $40; rent cheap;
departure; refuse no reasonable offer. Uf
Page st.
21 ROOMS at 238 Kearny; Income $220 month;
price $1750; lease; bargain. Call at room 9.
$575 —BARGAIN; ten light rooms, good loca
tion; low rent; good income. *17 Post st.
FOR sale—At a bargain, first-class 21-room
lodging-house. Inquire at 725 Folsom st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A—EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNrrY ~
To Consult
RICHARD MAYO
At Reduced Charges.
Complete clairvoyant readings, 50c this week.
No charge unless satisfactory.
You can be the judge.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age, occupa
tion. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood
before you.
LOVE. COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs,
troubles, marriages, restores lost affections,
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quarrels
TELLS YOU WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY,
And how to WIN the man or woman you
love and how to make your husband or wife
be true to you, and how to oVercome all
your enemies and how to make a person at
a distance think of you and how to DE
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM, THE
KEY TO ALI. SUCCESS,
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable.
Ellis st —421A—Ellis st_
Hours—lo a. m. to 8 p. m. Private flat.
LIN DO.
17 Third St., next Examiner building.
THE WORLD'S WONDER.
CLAIRVOYANT. PSYCHIC. MYSTIC and
HEALER. Special reading this week.
60c 50c 60c 50c 50c 50c 60c
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
ATTENTION—I will tell you more absolute
facts concerning ycur life than any clair
voyant or palmist in the city or make no
charge. Call and be convinced. If you arc
In trouble, sick, or not satisfied in life, con
sult this great, clairvoyant and you will be
tcld how to overcome them. He reunites the
separated, t*lls who and when to marry, truth
ful revelations on love, courtship, marriages
causing no domestic strife. LINDO is known
as the greatest living adviser on husiness,
mining, speculation and all affairs in life. Re
member the name and address.
LINDO.
Permanently located—Private flat.
17 Third St., next to Examiner bldg.
MME. LYNN.
The Eminent Clairvoyant—Fsvchle—Mystic.
SPECIAL REDUCTION THIS WEEK.
Readings 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c si>c 30c 50c
Wonderful, bewildering is the work of
Mme. Lynn, whose readings are a revelation;
advice on love, marriage, courtship, business,
mines; also reunites the separated; gives
secret power to control any one In 21 days.
She tells you full name and what you want
to know. All business strictly confidential.
239 Powell st.. near Geary.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and bu»tMea medium, reads your life cor
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs of life; never failed to give satis
faction; 25c up. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
MRS. DR. HARBICH, clairvoyant, palmist and
card reader; gives advice in business, health,
love, employment, etc.; SI; English, German.
Hungarian, Polish and Bohemian spoken. Ib3B
Telegraph aye., near 35th st., Oakland.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
with «eond sight; tells past, present, future;
ladies, 50c; gents by cards, $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings, SI 50. 303 Jones,nr.Eddy.
ISMAR, Egyptian reeress, The Vendome. 1104
Market St.. San Francisco. Office hours—lo
a. m to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes
day evening, 6 to S. Phone South 1141.
MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis St., clairvoyant,
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques
tion; names given; $1; hours, 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clair. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c,
G. SI; hours 10 to 0; names. 714 Franklin st.
CLAIRVOYANTS—Continned.
LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS FOR 10 DAYS.
50c 50c sfic 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c
FOR A RELIABLE AND INTELLIGENT
CLAIRVOYANT READING <J<> TO
LIVINGSTONE 2«% KEARNY ST.
HE ASKS NO QUESTIONS. BUT
TELLS YOB WHAT YOTJ WISH T > KNOW.
He has met every expectation, every ad
vertised promise. He is acknowledged by ail
who consult him as a true exponent of the
occult science tor overcoming trouble, bad
luck, ill health, business, love, family and
financial worries. Would it not be a relief
to know how you will succeed, to be relieved
of the matters that are troubling you and
of the schemes ot your enemies that you
may meet with better success? His only
reason for giving your name in full or any
important information you may desire Is
that ho does this incidentally, as a chain to
rend by, and it is left to your judgment
whether he intelligently does all he claims
and advcitis-s to do.
FOR 10 DAYS, SMALL FEE
EOc 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c BOC 50c 50c 50c
LOCATED 20% KEARNY ST.
EVERYTHING WITHOFT DOUBT
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL.
MME. KRONEN BERG, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader; when others fail try me; read
incs 25c. 102% Sixth st.. near Mission.
MIPS WARD. 1206 Market st.. parlor 81, clair
voyant, gives names, dates; take elevator.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist, clairvoyant, card read
er: readings. 25c; 2 to 9 p. m. 612 Jessie st.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings daily. 108 6th St., room a 1-2.
MR 8 BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st. •
SPIRITUALISM.
A—MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14, Gait House.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night, 610 Mc-
Allister st.; readings dally: come skeptics.
C V MILLER'S seance to-night; mother Sa
die Sunday, 1 p. m. 1084 Bush st.
FRED P. EVANS, the world's most famous
slate-writing psychic. Office 1112 Eddy st.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium; 3568 17th
St.; readings 1 to 5: tel. Capp 856.
CREDIT CLOTHIEES.
C F.~~ADAMS CO., 818 Mason st. —Clothing
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us and have it charged.
CLOTHING RENOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, Examner bldg., r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery St., rooms 0-10. Tel. Main 5580.
DENTISTS.
DR. F. H. CAMP uses the Baeford Obtunder,
the only device by means of which sensitive
teeth may be drilled or ground absolutely
without pain. For a demonstration call at
rooms 517-18 Callaghan bldg., corner Market
and McAllister sts.; phone Howard 3663.
A NEW plate—The Whalebone —Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns $3 50; fillings 50c;
plates, $5, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50o; gas given.
FILLINGS, 25c and 50c; crowns, $2. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 960 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings. 76c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; op.Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewitt,lol% Grant aye.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist,r.l4,lBt
.floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor.O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental parlors, 235 Kearny, cor.Bush—
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—.
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
A —THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col
leges. Is now In its twelfth year; the work
is better than ever before; departments In
English literature, languages, mathematics,
history, sciences, etc., cannot be surpassed
in excellence of instruction; two of the best
teachers in California are in charge of Eng
lish and of mathematics. Come and we will
prepare you well. Refs. President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Day and even
ing sessions. Phelan bldg.
AT 2 p. m., Mondays, Wednesdays and Thura
days, classes In short-story writing and
journalism are taught at r. 333, Phelan bldg.;
terms very moderate; join these classes; In
struction thorough; real and rapid progress.
E R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
(50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatic'
learning in America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Poet St., S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light: all graduates are getting posi
tions. S. F. Business College, 738 Mission st.
ENGINEERING —Civil, elec., mm., mech., sur
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
ncr Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
Established 1863; largest In the Wert; an
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
IRVING Institute School for Girls, 2126 Call
fornla st.; Easter term begins Tuesday,
January 3, 1905.
BOOKKEEPING. Eng., Math., etc., day and
eve.; individual lnstr. 305 Larkln st. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
A—GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COh-
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A—METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ncsa
aye.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
Arith. ,gram.,bookkpg,shorthand.ss m.; day.eve.
lndiv. instruc. Western Bus. Col.. 12SlMkt.n.9th
MME. PRILL'S Piano School. London Con.
2105 Golden Gate aye.;' resident pupils taken.
BOOKKEEPING —Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR. expert. 217 Parrott building.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln
man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgomery.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.—Night class.
SPANlSH,French,etp.Prof.De Fillppe sAcademy
of lanxuagcs.lo*|y Post: est IS7I :aidest profs.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A—ORPHEUM Employment Office—Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.: tel. Main 5752.
A—JAPANESE and Chinese help. W&L
YOSHY, 415 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 859.
CHINESE Employment Office—Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 -Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—FEMALE.
A RELIABLE middle-aged German lady, also
speaks French and English, would like posi
tion as working housekeeper, with or without
children, and make herself generally useful.
Box 4700, Call.
A NEAT, reliable girl wants housework; Oak
land or vicinity: good cook: fond of children;
references; $25 or $30. 138 McAllister st.;
phone South 1162.
EXPERIENCED Eastern girl wishes general
housework and. cooking; small washing,
American family; Oakland preferred. Box
4707. Call office.
GOOD German cook and housekeeper, with
girl 11 years old, wishes situation; wages
$25. 2829 California st.. cor. Broderick.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day, wash
ing or housecleaning. Call or address 8 De
catur St.. off Bryant, bet. 7th and Sth.
WOMAN wants place to do washing and iron
ing and housework by the day. 1096 Clay
St.; phone Black 2694.
SWEDISH woman wishes work by the day,
washing and ironing, and to assist at dinner
parties; best of references. 1827 VaJIeJo st.
GOOD woman wants 2 or 3 half days every
week, washing and cleaning. Address G.
L.. 38 Clinton Park, near Valencia st.
NEAT, industrious second girl wants situation;
references. Phone South 1162,
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— Pemale—Oon.
LADY with small income wishes board for self
and daughter, 16, and baby. 2 years. In
cou'itry near school, in exchange for ser
vices; is good housekeeper, cook, nurse or
sckmstress; best of references exchanged.
Hox 4451. Call.
EXPERIENCED girl wishes general house
work and cooking: small washing: city or
Oakland: in American family. Box 4W9,
Call office.
NURSE wishes few cases of hourly nursing;
all kinds of treatments given; doctor's orders
carried out; convenient for invalids not wish
ing to keep nurse In house. Box 4750, Call.
WELL educated, clever and reliable business
woman wants situation to run rooming
house: party has first-class references. Box
4772. Call office.
CAPABLE German woman wants position as
working housekeeper; has girl 9 yearn old:
city or country. Address Mrs. J. H., ion
Market st.
A~~RESPECTABLE young woman would like
another engagement as nurse for ladtes in
confinement; willing to do light housework'
reference given. _ C_ A- box 4766. C^l_offlcc.
NEAT young woman wishes situation as lady's
maid: understands halrdresslng manicuring,
can sew; $30; references. 1372 Tenth St..
Oakland.
Al*~Arn~'rican woman wishes a position as
housekeeper or clerk in a focery store. Call
or address 50U Jones St.. room 25.
A~YOUNG girl wishes position for general
housework; wagea $20; good referenoea. Ap
ply 268 Minna st. .
SITUATION wanted by woman to do house
work in small family; plain cooking; wagea,
$18 to $20. Apply 214 Fifth St. _
COMPETENT woman wlahaa a situation as
houseworker; la good laundress; city or coun
try. Box 4755, Call.
YOUNG woman wants to do housework by
the day and sleep home at night. Call or
address 1369 Vallejo st.
YOUNG girl wishes position for general house
work; wagea $20; good references. Apply
268 Minna st.
RESPECTABLE young woman wlahes position
as housekeeper, with little girl 4 years old.
Address 1346 Utah st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishea place for general
housework. Call at 316% Rltch at-, bet.
Brannar. and Townsend.
GOOD laundress wants day work in families;
no cleaning; good Iron sr. Address Laun
dress, 145 Twelfth st.
ELDERLY woman wishea a housekeeper's
place; good cook. 136 Fifth St., bet. How
ard and Mission.
SWEDISH girl wishes to do general house
work or cooking; good cook. Call at 711
Polk St., near Ell la
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes a position in pri
vate family; haa the beat city refersnces,
1810 Fillmore st.
WANTED —Position as pantry girl and dish
washer In hotel or boarding house by two
friends. Address L. B, ML, box 864. Uklah.
LADY and daughter want chamber work in ho
tel, or take entire charge of rooming-house.
691 Geary st.
WANTED —Situation as chambermaid or as
housekeeper. Call at room 28, Tha Bruns
wick.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes washing or
cleaning by the day. Address by letter. M.
X., 1169 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted by young girl, 8 years'
reference; general housework. Box 4698, Call.
YOUNG girl wants to do light housework and
assist with children. Box 4452, Call.
A YOUNG colored woman wishes light house
work or cooking. Call at 2332 Gresnwlch st.
A POSITION as talloress. Box 4972. Call of
fice.
2 COMPETENT colored women want chamber
work In same house. Box 4890, Call office.
COMPETENT stenographer and office assistant
desires position. Box 4558. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young girl; 8 yeara'
reference; general housework. Box 4881, Call.
JAPANESE girl wishes to do housework and
nursing. A. N., 11 St. Mary st
HEALTHY woman, with 6 months old baby,
wishes place as wet nurse. Box 4443, Call.
An elderly lady would like a few hours light
work each day. Box 4424, Call office.
A COLORED girl as nurse for children and do
sewlng. 851 C Minna st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
GENTLEMAN from the East, with 10 years'
practical business experience and also 4
years as manager of manufacturing depart
ment, would like position In any Una of
work with opportunities for advancement;
willing to start on moderate salary; beat
references. Box 4717, Call.
YOUNG man, 23 years of age, good penman,
flne appearance and education, desires posi
tion of any kind of clerical work: can speak
Spanish fluently. Box 4708. Call office.
SITUATION wanted as clerk for grocery and
bar by young man speaking German and
English: can furnish excellent references.
Address 1414 Fourth St., Alameda.
A YOUNG man of 19 wants position to drive
horses for private family In country; under
stands care of horses; best of rsferences.
Box 4713, Csll office.
STRANGER In city, 24, competent and rail
able, must have any employment, general or
private, city or country; wagea no object.
Box 4695, Call.
WANTED-s-By civil engineer, student work
during afternoon or evening hours; flrst-olast
bookkeeper and draughtsman. Box 4714, Call.
BOOKS written up at my office, balanced, ex
perted; quick, accurate; charges reasonable.
Box 4710. Call.
YOUNO man of good moral character wants
position In office; will furnish good refer
ence and bond. Box 4727. Call office.
CAPABLE ad writer and advertising man
wishes a position. Address box 691, San
Bernardino, Cal.
A FIRST-CLASS painter and paperhanger
wants work by the day or Job; tools furnished;
prices cheap. 1454 Devisadero st.
ELECTRICIAN and all around wlrs man wants
wot k. Box 4C74. Call.
DRI GGIST, registered graduate, 24, desires
city uosition. Box 4694. Call.
FIRST-CLASS bricklayer will do any kind of
brick work by the day or by the week; give
good satisfaction; prices reasonable. 147
Fifth St.; tel. Howard
MARRIED man, no children, wishes charge of
fruit, dairy or poultry ranch; capable
and experienced; can arrange, do building
and manage to success; references. Box
4885, Call office.
GARDENER, first-class (single), of long ex
perience in landscape gardening, growing of
flowers and green-house work, wishes a situ
ation on private place; references. E. S., box
4830, Call office.
BY male nurse and masseur, with first-class
training and experience; Invalid or mental
patient; private or institution anywhere;
references. Box 4751, Call office.
MACHINIST wants work in small shop doing
* automobile and general repairing work, with
privilege of buying interest. Box 1611. Call
office. Oakland. '
PoRTER. 25. stranger In city, seeks any em
ploy n.en t at once; willing* worker and handy
around any place; try me. Address box '
4725. Call. {
'■ BUTLER— thoroughly competent Japanese boy I
wishes position in city or country lmmedl- I
ately: have good references. R. G., 407 i
{ Post st.
I BAKERS'. —First-class, all around bread and
: cake baker and confectioner, wants situa
! tlon: country preferred. HUNTER, 508
! Ninth st.
e>_
1 WANTED —Position by competent man; well
experienced as janitor or teamster. Address
I 5409 San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS compounder of whisky, brandy,
bitters, cocktails, cordials and syrup wishes
position; best of refs. Box 4746, Call.
SITUATION wanted by young man aa cook's
helper and kitchen man: strictly temperate
and reliable. Box 471U, Call.
AN elderly man wants work In bar, grocery or
cigar stand: speaks English and German.
Box 4759. Call.
A RELIABLE man wishes a posiu.n around
a gentleman's place; care of hordes and gar
den. 258% Tehama st.
A POSITION as Janitor or watchman by mid
dle-aged German man; best ref ;ronce* B< x
4447. Call office.
GOOD barber, middle-aged, wants Job, city or
country. Address box 4719, Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED —Mala—Con.
PRIVATE parties or investment companies
building homes or flats can secure the ser
vices of a first-class architect and foreman
carpenter one who can construct your build
ings quickly and properly; tan design your
Plans take charge ot your building and ad
vise MM In purchasing your necessary mate,
rials to economy; wishes to build eitner by
contract labor, salnry or percentage. Apply
box 4432. Call office.
BY middle-aged lady and gentleman from the
East positions on daily or weekly news
paper as advertising solicitors or assistants
in almost any department; capable of taking
full charge of country weekly, editing, re
porting, reading proof, making up forms
keeping accounts, collecting bills, etc thor
oughly reliable in every respect. Address at
on:t. Editor, general delivery. San Francisco
A YOUNG man formerly marine fireman and
oiler Al references, wishes position as fire
man' or oiler, coal or oil. or engineer of
small plant: understands pumps, dynamos,
steam engines and steamflttlng. Box 4201.
Call office. _________—-————-
WANTED—Position by traveling llqurr sales
man with good trade in Oregon and A"ash
mgton. 315 Eddy st.
BLACKSMITH or helper wants work in city;
carriage shop preferred. D. W. PEERY.
1130% Howard st.
A GERMAN, middle-aged snd single, wishes
a situation in grocery store and baritorn;
good references. W. BOHLING, 417 Kearny.
WANTED —By young man, position of any
kind; must have work; well acquainted "with
city and used to handling horses. 4731. Call.
YOUNG man, 24 years old, would like position
as bill or entry clerk; two years' experience.
872 Mission st.
WANTED —Position aa pressman; first-class
references; steady and reliable. Box 4996,
Call office.
SITUATION wanted to take care of a private
place by a reliable man: understands horses.
Address K. E., 268% Tehama st.
RAPID single key-board typewriter operator
desires steady position; resides with parents;
highest references. Box 4565. Call.
BOATKEBPER position wanted by a aallor
on private yacht. Address MR. MILLE.
603 Folsom St.. oorner First.
A YOUNG Filipino, recommend speaking
English, wants plaoa aa house servant. Ad
dress 2117 Ninth at.. West Berkeley. Cal.
COACHMAN —Position wanted by competent,
reliable young Englishman; understands gar
dening; can milk, etc. Box 4460, Call office.
A MALE nurse with four years' experience In
traveling desires care of a gentleman. T. R..
451 Devisadero.
WANTED —By a young man, a situation as
porter in store: not afraid to work. Ad
dress C. A.. 741 Tehama at.
CARPENTER—EIderIy first-class carpenter
wants work; city or country; beat reference*.
Box 4435, Call.
DRAUGHTSMAN (experienced architectural)
wishes position In architect's or builder's of
fice. Address RQ9-. 1118% Folsom st, city.
EXPERIENCED draughtsman (naval architect)
wishes position. Box 4659, Call office.
A HANDY young man wishes to get night
work of any kind. Box 4854. Call office.
AN experienced wholesale salesman wants po
sition; married. Box 4737, Call.
COLLECTOR wanta situation; flrst-clasa refer
ences. Address box 4787, Call office.
BOY, 18 years, to be apprentice; some good
trade; electrician preferred. Box 4445, Call.
YOUNG man experienced in paper warehouse
wants situation. Box 4788, Call office.
Al SECOND cook wishea position in city or
country. Box 4947. Call office.
GOOD young Japanese (retired mldshtprnan)
• wants a position aa a schoolboy or do house
work In good family; If you like I will
teach jiu Jltsu. A. OKADA. Japanese M. E.
Church. 1329 Pine st.
A—l WISH work In city; very good home; I
can cook well; nice recommendation; very
honest boy; wages $25 a monti. IT A (Jap
anese), 405 Kearny st.
YOUNG Japanese girl wants position aa plain
cook and houseworker In small family around
the eleventh block of Larkln at.; wagea $4 60
week. S. SAKUXI. 1484 Fultpn at.
JAPANESE, well experienced boy. wlshss sit
uation as waiter on table and housework In
famllv; wages $6 up week. Address HENRY
NAGAO, 804 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 19. city.
A GOOD young Japanese boy wants a position
to do cook'-.ig and general housework; bast
boy; $6 week. Y. SATO. 725 Geary st.
A JAPANESE boy wants position as any kind
of help from sharp noon time; would do help
to waiter. J. H., 1431 Bush st.
A JAPANESE boy wants plain cooking or
housework In small famiy; city or country.
1843 Webster st.
AN honest Japanese boy wanta position aa cook
In a small family. I. V., 1804 Post st-;
phons Sutter 4182.
JAPANESE, experienced cook, wants position
In private family. 1544 Polk st.; phone Lar
kln 3862.
A JAPANESE boy wanta a position aa school
boy or house worker. A HATA-SHL 7«4
Post st.: tel. Sutter TSL
A JAPANESE boy wanta a position to do
housework; $4 a week. GEORGE. 869 Geary
st; phone Hyde 2084.
RELIABLE Japanese wants position aa porter
In saloon or hotel or store work; manages
elevator: perfect Engllah; notify by letter.
HENRY T. A.. 235 Valencia at
A GOOD strong Japaneaa boy warns to work.
house-cleaning, dlshwaahing, etc.; speaks
English. Tel. Polk 4086.
RELIABLE young Japanese couple want posi
tions in private family: wife as cook; man
to do general work. 621 Jesse St.. Tamura
Hotel.
PRIVATE position wanted by handy Japanese,
to work in stable or milk cow. AMresa G.
A. N.. 319 Grant aye.
A JAPANESE, genteel and honest boy wanta
position as a schoolboy. C. S., 81 Minna st.
BRIGHT Japanese wants position in stora or
.office". H. MILER. 931 Sacramento st.
JAPANESE, good cook, wants position in
morning or evening. T. T., 981 Sacramento.
CHINESE, with experience, as excellent fam
ily cook; references; city or country; wages
$35 to $40. Send your letters to box A, T34A
Jackson st; phone China 565. bet. 9 and
12 a m.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wishes position
in hotel or boarding-house, city or country.
Address Cook. 625 Dupont st.
ECKEMA CURE.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber itch that I can't cure; a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN. 64 Sixth st
PLATS TO LET.
A—HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-69 Geary
st, on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de
sirable vacant place In San Francisco on
our lists; service absolutely free; let us find
you a place; come in and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "we
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company,
1039 Market St., opp. McAllister.
NINETEENTH. 3980. block from Eighteenth
or Castro cars—Lcvely sunny lower flat 8
rooms with extra room on porch: key lot;
$23 50; water free; must be seen, etc.
MISSION. 3007"A. near 26th—9 rooms and
bath; rent $26 month. Apply McKAY Sk
CO.. 2955 Mission st. *
NEW, elegsnt flats; latest Improvements; Just
finished; park panhandle. STRAUB, 830
Market st.
OAK. .1350, opp. park—Upper sunny flat of 6
rooms; rent cheap.
PAGE. 1621—Modern upper flat, 7 roams and
bath: yard; $30.
PIERCE, 2936 —Up-to-date 6 rooms; your own
price before Feb. 1: reliable party.
NEW. elegant 9-room flat. 1161 Turk st.
POLK. 2500. cor. Fllbf -t—Fine sunny corner
flat. 7 rooms and ball ; marine view; (38.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery at
5 SUNNY rooms, with balh; $18. Call 2210
Fillmore st.
PLATS TO LET—FURNISHED
HANDSOME modern flat of 5 rooms; hand
somely furnished; near Geary, east ef Leav
-1 esworth. Box 4745, Call.291 Separate Articles to Small Ad Patrons-FREE
TLATS FOR SALE—FURNISHED.
CARPETS and handsome o-k furniture of 3
room apartments, facing Panhandle; rent
$22 50; cheap for cash. C» 11 1 to 4 at 401 |
Cole st.; Oak-st. car. i
SUNNY 4-room furnished flat wid bath; birds
eye maple set: none but ncr t, steady couple .
wanted; rent $35; references. 1660 Jonea St.,
near Broadway.
FOR sale—A newly furnished lat of 7 rooms;
rent reasonable. Inquire at 433 Sacramento
St., bet. I-cavenworth and rryde.
FURNISHED 6 room flat for sale; new furn. !
Apply Kirk Shay. Parlors. Haight & Stanyan
$50t—NEWLY furnished flat with piano; 7
rooms; 50c on the dollar. 3645 17th st.
NEW 10-room flat. Just furnished, full room
ers; cash or time: no agents. 582 Geary st.
FURNITURE WASTED.
"WE'LL GET TOUR BUSINESS"— We pay
' the most rr>oney for furniture, carpets, offlce
fl'tlngs, merchandise and houses. MARK J.
LEVY AUCTION' CO. 1321 Market st.. be
tween 9th and 10th. Phone South 179.
ABE LEVY. ~
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, offlce fur
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
. BURD, auc, 1636 Market; phone Jessie 2336.
• HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur- |
fiiture, carpets, etc. 752 Mission; tel. Bush 813
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission St., be
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 4462.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
Beautiful 3-r. aptmt. furn.; going Europe; Jef
ferson Sq. 848 Gough st.; tel. Grant 24.
HELP WANTED—FEMALE.
.4 COOKS. German style $30-140
• 2 cooks. American style $27 50-$3O
3 second girls, references $25-$3O
French maid and seamstress $25
2 infant nurses $30-$35
4 nurse girls $20-$25
.lanltress, room and board $30
Housework in country $25
Housework, no washing; Ross Valley $30
Housework, also nursegirl $40
Same house would take mother and daughter.
Housekeeper, country $20
Cook, small restaurant, no Sunday work..sB
Pantry girl, Institution $25
2 waitresses, city hotel $25
Second girl for Fruitdale $25
40 general housework girls, city and country
$20-$25 $30
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
GERMAN chambermaid and seamstress. $20;
. 2 cooks, $30; housegirl, $30; housegirl. Belve
dere, $30; housekeeper, 1 lady, $20; 3 second
girls, $25 each; 10 housework girls, $25 and
$30. MRS. NORTON, 506 Mason St.
■GIRLS to learn halrdresslng, manicuring, etc.;
trade taught from A to Z !n 2 wks.; tuition
$5 to those entering now; 3 positions to fill
Immediately; positions guar, at $10 per week
• up; only recognized college of its kind on
coast; day and eve. class. 233 Geary, r. -13.
WANTED—GirIs to learn millinery now for
spring season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $15; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
"'slo per week up; 7 positions to be filled by
"first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A—PACIFIC College teaches halrdresslng,
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognized college of its kind on coast: day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re
duced prices. 133 Powell et.
SErWTNG MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER
ALLS. JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX
PERIENCE NECESSARY; STEADY WORK;
GOOD PAY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 324
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
IN OAKLAND. COR 10TH AND CLAY STS..
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECES
SARY; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
SHIRTMAKERS —I have 800 new shirts to be
changed. KIRK. 161 New Montgomery st.
GIRL for general housework: wages $20. Call
1857 Mission St.. bet. 10 and 12.
REFINED lady for general housework; good
wages. 1002 Golden Gate aye.
GIRL wanted for general housework and cook
ing; wages $25. IHBB Fell st.
WANTED —Ladles to learn hairdressing, man
icuring, facial massage and scalp treatments:
4 weeks completes; expert instructors; call
or write. Molar System Co., 049 Sacramento.
.GIRL for general housework in small family;
wages $15. Call 1817 Prince st., Lorin,
. South Berkeley.
ALL hairdressing, manicuring, face massage
and scalp treatments are free at the Moler
. System College, 848 Sacramento; hours 1-4.
HELP WANTED—MALE.
AMERICAN COMMEIrICTAL~BUFUSAi;
•801-802 Starr King bldg., 3d floor, 121 Geary.
. Conducted on Strictly Business Principle*
Positions secured for:
Offlce men. Assistant bookkeepers.
• Bookkeepers. Hotel clerks.
.Stenographers. Railroad clerks.
©fflce managers. Timekeepers.
Correspondent clerks. Collectors.
'•Accountants. Bill clerks.
Bdyers Shipping clerks.
Traveling salesmen. Law offlce clerks.
Manager for dept. stores. Entry clerks
Cashiers. Cigar clerks.
Credit men. Dry goods clerks.
Secretaries. Receiving clerks.
General offlce work in all lines of business.
Offices and representatives In other cities.
Apply American Commercial Bureau,
801-3»2 Starr King bldg., 3d floor, 121 Geary st.
•WE NEED GOOD MEN
To All the orders received dally; many of
the best firms come to us for men; we can
show that we place our subscribers in good
positions; our publication reaches employers
weekly; whether employed or not. we can
help you; Investigate us.
• COMMERCIAL CLEARANCE COMPANY,
415 Starr King bldg.
" AT C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush Bt.
Tunnel foreman $4 (j ay
Tunnel tlmbermen $2 75 day
See boss here
C. R. HANSEN A CO 429 Bush St.
FARMER and wife. $50 and found- black
smlth's helper, $2 to $2 50 day; miners, $3
day; butler, $40 and found, and others J
F. CROSETT & 'XX, 628 Bacramento st.
AT HORD A ~~ "
Contractors' Agents, t>s Third st.
Teamsters, bay shore, $2.
. Solicitors, tea and coffee, 50 per cent.
WANTED—Thoroughly experienced buyer for
one of the largest women's cloak and suit
departments In the city. Apply box 4699,
Call offlce.
RY wholesale house, an Intelligent, bright, boy.
State age, references, own handwriting. Box
*697, Call.
STRONG boy to run elevator; wholesale house;
$7 per week. State age, experience, refer
ences. Box 4693, Call.
PARTY with $350 In light business; good
profit; light service required; A No. 1 busi
ness Inquire 283 Fourth st., barber shop.
WANTED —One or .two men to learn a trade;
must have $10 security; no Sunday work.
r .*ill 212 First st.
BARBER shop; 4 chairs; complete; good busi
ness; must be sold; terms right. See SCOTT,
10034 Broadway. Oakland.
SHIRTMAKERS—I have 800 blue flannel shirts
to be changed. KIRK, 161 New Montgomery.
BOY to learn gilding trade. S. ft G. GUMP
CO.. 113 Geary at.
STRONG boy 17 ~io lay oft etc. Inqulr*~Ex>
celslor Glove Co., 415 Market.
WANTED young man with $75 for legitimate
paying business; office work. Box 4718. Call.
BARBER wanted, energetic, reliable, to buy
$400. Box 4692, Calf.
BOOTBLACK wanted In barbershop" 1006
Mission st.
TO be an expert barber go to Glllett's School;
OB—peat mat qulckeet. 611 Commercial st.
BARBER shop for sale; beat location lVtowtT
4*l Seventh at.. Oakland
A COMBINATION NEEDLE AND PIN CASE!
»»FR.BIL. \
Small Ad Patrons Small Ad Patrons;
s
j j——
These Cases hold 291 separate \
articles, comprising needles, pins, v>:^^lf 1 would amount to $1.33. They
safety pins, darning needles, hat qua " ity anc * are
ITD IT IT to any rson presenting a small ad at our fT> Of TlklfV A *\T /\ At |
r IXJIVeCt* office Thursday, Friday or Saturday for 1 rULr OUiNJL//\ T %^f\l^\Lr
Call Business Office, Third and MarKet Sts. Oakland Office, 1016 Broadway
HELP WANTED—MALE—Continued,
A —HI : RRAT & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
Phone Main M 4&
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We gave In 1904 1905 we hope to
04,000 men work. Increase 64,000.
SPECIALS.
Open 7 A. M.
Steam shwel foreman, see boss here; 1100
and found.
Cement finisher, good long Job, $3 50 day.
Man to run carding machin*, city factory,
$2 25 day.
FARMS.
UAIRICJ9. ORCHARDS. VINEYARDS.
Teamsters, farmers, milkers.
Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, gardeners, por
ters, bellboys, elevator boys, yardmen, etc.
MARRIED.
Man and wife, country. $40 to $50 and fd.;
cook and wife, $80 and found; 2 waiters,
Boutbern California, good hotel, $25 and
found.
BOOKKEEPERS.
Bookkeeper for country store and postofflce.
south, married man preferred, must give
bonds. $00.
Bookkeeper and general office man, mining
company, must have experience around
mine, $90.
Bookkeeper, country merchandise store, $75.
Fanner and wife, chicken ranch, good propo
sition.
Working foreman, ranch, south, $30 and fd.
BUTCHER.
Shop butcher, south, good Job, $45 and fd.
Butcher shop and wagon, near city, $35 fd.
Butcher, city Job, steady, $12 week.
3 teamsters, 2-horse lumber wagon, city,
$2 50 day.
Jobbing gardener, city, $40.
2 concrete finishers, near city, $4 50 day.
Man and wife, ranch, Placer County, $32 50.
SPECIALS.
3 milkers, south, $35 and fd.; 6 Italian la.
borers, ranch.
Lunch cook, saloon, $40 fd.
2 cooks, city restaurant, $60 fd.
3 waiters, near city, $40 fd.
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st.
YOUNG man, good address, experience* gro
cery salesman, to handle line of grocery
specialties in city and across the bay; lib
eral salary and expenses. 415 Starr King
building.
MAN to travel; references; salary $21 per
week- expenses advanced. J. S. ZIEGLER
A CO., 323 Dearborn St.. Chicago.
ATTENTION!
We have opened a first-class barber college
In connection with our Los Angeles college;
8 weeks completes the trade under our ex
pert Instructors; wages paid while learning;
positions guaranteed; next ten students at
half our regular price: call or write. Ad
dress GILLMAN'S COLLEGE. 627 Clay at.
WANTED—Men to learn the barber trade at
the original JNO. A. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE, 644 Clay St.; 8 weeks completes;
positions guaranteed; expert instruction;
wages while learning. Call or write (correct
number) 644 Clay st.
WANTED —Traveling representatives for reli
able book firm;, salary $20 per week and ex
penses; nmall cash security. Address box
271. Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED—A first-class map draughtsman and
letterer; one who is also a land surveyor pre
ferred. Address, with sample of work, box
534, Salinas. Cal.
WANTED—2SO men to know that "The Best"
still leads and is the cleanest and most com
fortable lodging house in the city; rooms, 100
to 25c. 607 California st., near Kearny.
WANTED—A minister without a charge to do
special work in Northeastern California;
transportation and $75 per month. Box 4860,
Call offlce.
WANTED —Laborers and mechanlca to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver Housa,
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED—Men to learn th* barber trade; 8
weeks completes; positions guaranteed: ex
pert instructions; wages while learning.
Call or write Moler Sys.Col., 649 Bacramento.
WANTED—Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade: Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973
-75 Easton aye., St. Louts, Mo.
WANTED —Men to prepare for railway mall.
Internal revenue and custom-house positions;
free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Inati
tute. Grant bldg., 1095 Market; open evngs.
WANTED —Three men to learn barber trade;
absolutely free and will pay you while learn
ing. 751 Mission st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair: foot-form shoes $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d at., Exam.bid.; open till 9 p.m.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 26, 1905.
HELP WANTED—MALE—Continued.
WANTED—Men to flTl 300 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattresses elec
tric light in every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
GET your shoes half-soled whlie waiting; 25c
to 60c. 571 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third St.. Examiner building.
S-CHAIR barber shop for sale, cheap. 804
FoUom st.
BARBERS—For sale, cheap, one complete six
chair, compressed air outfit. 39% Turk st.
BARBER shop sold at a bargain if sold before
the Ist. 729 Mission st.
AN elderly expert physician on diseases of
men. DR. KING, 23 Third st
WANTED—Young man to work for his tuition
In S. F. Barber School. 741 Howard st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law ft Adjustment Co., 49 Second st., r. 522.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
MEN to learn the detective business; paid
while learning. 997 Market st., room 104.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St., where shoefTare re~
__pahred by machinery; sewed soles 10 min.,7sc.
PENSION atty., E A. Bullls, r. 40, Phelan"bM
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. nearMar
ket—7oo rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce, cor. Duncan and Church sts
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 571 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
CAMP, express, grocery and peddling wagons
surreys. 3 and 4 seats; all kinds of business
and rubber tire buggies; 100 sets single and
double harness; 12 fine ponies; 1 fast pacer,
going at half price; horses from $10 up;
auction every Ttvsday, 11 a. m., at 1140
Folsom St., bet. 7th and Bth.
$200 —BAY horse, 16:3 hands high; will road 10
miles an hour without stroke of the whip;
reason for selling is. I am disposing of
everything and have no use for horse or car
riage. Can bi seen at W r aterbury's stable,
Berkeley station. L. J. MORAN.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col
lege now ready: mailed free upon application
to DR. E. J. CREELY.Pres.,SIO Golden Gate.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 827 Sixth st.
BAY horse for sale; good trotter; 6 years old
Address box 4603. Call office.
WANTED—A good horse, buggy and harneaa.
Box 4403, Call offlce.
CARLOAD gentle business buggy and livery
horses. E STEWART * CO.. 220 Valencia
Fire sale—All vehicles at reduced prices during
alterations at O'Brien'a. 500 Golden Gate aye.
GOING out of business: new and second-hand
wagons yold cheap. 16A0 Mission *t.. nr. 13th.
HOUSES TO LET.
A—PRINTED list of houses to let;
_cular. G. H. UMBBBN A CO 20 Montgomery.
NORTHWEST corner Pierce and Pine sts—
House of 10 rooms and 2 baths, electrlo
lights, beam celling dining-room, cement
basement, etc.; thoroughly modern. Apply to
owner, GEO. H. KAHN. 201 Kearny at'
BOOSES TO LET—FURNISHED.
2-STORY house and basement, 6 rooms~and
bath; rent $25. 1550 11th aye., Bunset Diet.
NEWLY furnished corner sunny house seven
rooms and bath. 104 Pierce St.. nr. Height.
HOUSES PURHISHEP—EQ»7LaVLEr
NATOMA. 508 —House of 4 rooms to let, furni
ture for sale; rent $10 a month.
$275; SNAP; downtown 9-room house; $30 over
rent. Box 4720. Call.
8 ROOMS nicely furnished; price $300- rent
$23 50; leaving city. Box 4761, Call.
INSTALLMENT BUILDING.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY
Installment homes, 512 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your in
stallments less than rent; eend for circular.
INVESTMENTS.
WANTED—A man with $20,000 to take an In
terest in 3 mines located in Nevada; money
to be used for developing purposes and neces
sary mills; over 100.000 tons of ore now in
sight that will run from $435 to $35 per ton;
samples of ore can be seen at room 3, 26
Montgomery st. R. E. CALLAHAN.
REALTY Syndicate certificates ridiculously
cheap. 136 Ninth st.
LOST AND POUND.
LOST —A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in, the
name of PATRICK CAREY, No. 108-850.
The Under will please return to bank.
L©ST—Fox terrier; Alameda license tag; an
swers to name of "Mac"; solid white body;
black and tan marks on head; $10 reward for
return to 1737 Alameda aye.. Alameda.
LOST— Mare, white face and white hind legs,
long mane. long tail; 3 years old; $20 re
ward. Return to 400 Cambridge st.
LOST- Small white fox terrier bitch, short
tall, nam" "Lena." Return to 1162 Golden
Gate aye.; liberal reward.
LOST —On Union si., January 22, pocket-book
containing $15 and valuable receipts. Re
ward of $5 if returned .to 2829 Raker st.
LOST—English Better dog; white, black ear
and shoulder; no collar; answers to name of
Dick. Return to 890 Guerrero st.: reward.
LOST, strayed or stolen —Cocker spaniel; name
on collar; no questions. MARION, 905 Sutter.
FOUND —A Laverach setter. Address J. WlL
s<i.N", Sausitlito.
LAUNCHES FOB B2BXL_
C. A. 'mcNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
MISCELLANEOUS—FOB SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK T
Have you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover It with Mastic Roofing. It is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about it. Elaterite Roofing Co.. 713 Market.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry sold on credit
by paying one-fifth down, balance payable at
your own convenience. Pacific Jewelry Co.,
21 Stockton st.. second floor.
|srn_l 40-H. p. boiler and 1 25-h. p. engine;
complete; nearly new; in Al condition. For
further particulars see A. F. CORNWALL,
1016 Broadway. Oakland.
BASE ball —Complete collection of framed
photographs and oil paintings of noted ball
players, srld separately or as a whole. Room
3, 307 Sansome st.
A—BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHI TELA W. 253-266 Spear st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
FOR sale, to be removed—A good 8-room
house, 1714 Pacific aye., near Franklin st.
Apply at 1721 Vallejo st.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bhL; catalog free.
POOL table must be sold before the first of the
month. Apply at 501 Post st.
CARPENTER'S tool chest for sale; given
away; call and see It. 628 Sacramento.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
FOR sals or exchange—Choice aelection of min
eral speclments;what have you? 800 McAllister
FOR sale—A collection of doctor's books; com
plete library; useful for students. 3695 Sacto.
FOR sale—Good paying restaurant; good lo
cation; cheap. Call at once, 2045 Folsom st.
TALKING machine records; second-hand; good
condition. 307 Sansome st., room 8.
12-FOOT windmill and a 10,000 gallon tank
and 3 horsepower gas engine at 518 Jersey.
SAFES and desks at nearly coat; must make
room. Richardson Bros., 123 New Montgmry.
SAFES and cash registers; new and second
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
MISCELLANEOUS—FOB SALE—Con.
PRINTING press, Bxl2 Peerless, with throw
off and fountain, for sale cheap. Apply 519
Filbert st.
A VERY flne sealskin coat for sale at a bar
gain at Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st.
SD-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breek, 131 Post st.
SAFES—New and second-hand. THE HER
MANN FAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4ii Fremont st
ROOMS papered, $4 uk tinting, painting.
Harm ann Paint Co.. 319 Third; til Main 4i3.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAAA —Highest prlces~for ladies', gents' cast.
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825. 050 Sacramento.
Highest prices paid for ladies' and gents' cast
off clothing. Tilton. 154 9th: tel. Jessie 3916.
PAYS special price cast-off fancy ladies' dress
es, gents' clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Jessie 440.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. r. 405. Adams
bldg.. 206 Kearny st.: phone Black 3036.
MEDICAL.
LADIES who are In trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Francisco
who has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience without a failure has put
him at the head. He guarantees relief or no
pay.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL—AII who are sick cr
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected: the unfortu
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated:
every case taken: immediate relief; no poi
soning drugs; low fees; my methods will cure
all cases of irregularity; by consulting me
save time and money. Advice free. Office,
1018 Market st.
LADIES —Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor yet
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE
LIABLE graduate physician. When in trou
ble confide In me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best atten
tion and no danger; I guarantee prompt re
sults or no charge. Room t. Est. 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 305 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market St.. opp. sth.
MRS. DR WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr
inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
ALL cases of female Irregularities relieved at
once; guaranteed treatment, $10; 30 years"
successful experience. DRS. GOODWIN, 860
Market St., opp. Fourth, room 37.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511 A Leavenworth at. be
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 1226 Market.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladles' specialist, removed
from 1118 Market st. to 838 Mission, near 4th.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. *
BEST Inducements; best selection of stock.
Over 10 years' experience renting pianoa.
Square pianos and organs. $1 per month.
Good uprights, $2 and $2 50 per month.
One year rental allowed.
The best instrument in the city for $3 month.
SCOTT CURTAZ, 560 Hayes st.
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS.
1 French upright $55
1 Btoddard. mahogany $115
Also one Chlckerlng. Weber, Vose, Sterling,
Steinway. Curtaz, Rudolph, Fischer, Haines
and others. Easy payments. BENJ. CUR
TAZ A SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
A FEW snaps left In second-hand pianos;
your terms our terms; rents $2 up allowed
if purchased; Installments $4 up. HEINE
PIANO CO., 236-237 Geary st., S. F.; 1252
Broadway. Oakland.
ALMOST given away; storage pianos and fur
niture. Whitehead's Storage, 1030 Market
MUSICAL ISSTBTJMErTTS-CoD^nnfd.
$0o T ' PRIGHT: one ISO vi right; one good
square. $20. HORNUNG. 210 McAllister st.
ELEGANT uprights,new ft 2d-hand,s4s to $500.
Pierces Piano Factory, Market and 14th sts.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 806-312 Post St.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay
ments. SCHMITZ ft CO.. 16 McAllister st.
S-PEDAL Steinway up: Chickering bahy grand;
Shonlnger. little used. K°cffc's. 255 O'Farrell
MONET TO LOAN.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 6% AND 6 PER CENT
CITY OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
i PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es
tates in probate, undivided interests In prop
erty probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests in property
purchased. _
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5824.
AAA—HERMAN MURPHY,
601-6i>2-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Says expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
eto.; legacies, life estates and undivided In
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money*
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
Ist. 2d or 3d
Mortgages on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
878 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1102
Market and 27 Third st.
A —ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
Ist or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities. TOLMAN, 553 Parrott bldg.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan C 0..523 Parrott bid.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 28 Montgomery, rm. 21.
ON notes, salaries, etc. United Loan ft Trust
Co.. 21 Stockton St., second floor.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank Bid.
2 PER CENT per month on valuables. Port
land Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st.
MONEY loaned on mining and oil stocks.
WILLIAM HINKEL A CO.. 326 Pine Bt.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co., 420 California st., rooms 14 and 15.
SALARIED people on note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY, 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Say. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds ft jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture ft pianos; $15 up; no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notea without
lndorser. MORRELL. 6Q9 Examiner bldg.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order —renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS., 1432-34 Howard St.; phone South 216.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
WINDOW; suitable for cigarmarker or watch
maker; also basement; good location; rea
sonable. Inquire Call office. ,
RENTS reduced; offices to let; 289 Post, cor.
Stockton; all light rooms; janitor and ele
vator services.
SUTTER, 382 —One or two connecting stores.
STORE with fixtures. 3 rooms and bath. Ap.
ply 1025 San Pablo aye.. Oaklaod.
FEB>SjONALS.
A—MME. GILLINGHAM, dermatologist; rates
this week; ladles with one-half the face
treated can be seen daily; will show perma
nency; home for patients; my personal cars
given: will teach; write or call for booklet.
143 Stockton.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im
proves It.-» growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists',hairdressers'ac
cept no iubstitute. Star Remedy Co., 1838 Polk
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres, dealer In
carpet twine in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth St.. Oakland.
RUGS made from old carpets; Ingrain, brus
sels, tapestry and moquette; chenille curtains
woven into new rugs. Fluff Rug Factory,
862 Market st.. Oakland; take West Bth car
"REXRADIO'S" time being fully ENGAGED,
he cannot receive NEW patients for a "few"
days.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st,
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVpRITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1899. 2122 Fillmore St.; phone Geary 2063.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, over
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'.
London Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50*
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post St.. near Powell.
MENDING BUREAU—I7I4% Polk St. Cloth
ing neatly mended.
! EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
| to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt.
j WRINKLES, freckles, moles, superfluous hair
removed; latest meth. Mme. Marie, 1042 Ellis.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; electrlo needle.
Mrs. Eaton. Miss Eaton. 238 Geary, room 88.
$1 a week; aults to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In flne clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt., under Bt. Nicholas.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pante $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN ft CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1 at all druggists'.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for tha recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions baa
been opened at 1008 Market at., opposite
i Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
BLOOD POISON.
Serum-Toxin given hypodermlcally la pain
< less and quickly cures contracted blood poi
son; administered only by Anti-Toxin lab
oratories. Western offices, 850 Market st.,
suite 27.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL—OffIce and residence,
i 1021% Market St., bet. 6th and 7th; particu
lar atention paid to diseases of womsn.
! CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOIBEB In EARS
i positively cured; new methods; one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham, 9 Powell st
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED—DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
paat four years at 115-117 Mason st, now lo
cated at 667 Geary st, near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor—All dis
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at
tornev-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market at
TO LEASE.
BUSINESS corner on Valencia at., north of
Twenty - second; covered with Improvements
for a long term of years; else 100x100. P. W.
MORRISSEY, 630 Market St.
„ _
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for It
VIAVI CO.. Van Neaa. Phone East 28%
REAL ESTATE—CITY—FOR SALE.
SPECK ft CO.,
ielllng 209 Montgomery at Rents colleoted
Insuranoe
INCOME PROPERTY.
68,000 —Polk st; choice property: best buet
ness block on street: 5 stores and flats;
in best condition; net income 6 per cant.
40.000 —Splendid large business corner In
Western Addition; 8 stores and 4 flats;
all rented now for $266 50 a month;
part under leaae; can be rented for
$300 monthly; a reasonable offer enter
tained.
137.501—C0 ft., with improvements, on Turk
st. near Hyde; a grand opportunity
to alter present buildings at compara
tively small cost into handsome paying
Investment; full value here; present
rents $1800.
117,000—Hayes st. business property; best sec
tion; 28 ft. lot to rear street; 2 stores
and flats; present rents $115 month:
easily rent for $150 month; this Is a
bargain; call and investigate.
110,500- McAllister st; 2 flne modern flats,
with large basement and billiard room;
rents $80; select neighborhood: nothing
nicer; have large list of flats In all
parts of the city.
$9,250— Fourth St.; 25-ft. lot with Improve
ments; north of Harrison St.; here Is a
buy with regard to future after 4th
st. is widened.
$8,500— Fine Western Addition flats; lot 25x
122:6; renting for $75 50 monthly; right
off Van Ness aye.
$7.soo—Dupont -st. business property; a sub
stantial investment; improvements in
flne condition; leased at $720 annually;
no reasonable offer refused; price re
duced for quick sale.
$6,76o—Hayes st. flats; 25 ft. lot; building in
good condition: cost $6000; lot easily
worth $3000; is practically given away;
this Is the biggest kind of a bargain;
investigate and be convinced.
$5,500 —The best small flat buy In Western
Addition; new and fully rented modern
flats; 25 ft. lot; Income $860 yearly.
BUILDER'S REMODELING CHANCE
$9,000 —Southeast corner Sutter and Scott
sts.; 10-room residence; convert Into 4
stores and flats above at a cost of $5000
and same will easily rent for $li's a
month.
$63.000 —Large flne corner on Ellis st, east of
Larktn; 63 ft. frontage on Bills st ;
present Improvements old; splendid lo
cation to Improve, with undisputed fu
ture.
RESIDENCES.
111,000 —Beautiful home; 11 rooms and bath;
In flne condition; Scott st.; lot 25x106:3
feet.
Ho.ooo—Elegant Page-st. residence; 14 rooms
and bath; lot 25x100 ft.
$9,000— Clay st. residence, north slda; 10
rooms and bath; 37 ft. lot; all In good
condition.
$B,6oo—Modern 5-room cottage; 25 ft lot; in
choice neighborhood; Western Addition;
a positive bargain; lot alone worth
$2,500.
We have others; get list.
LOTS.
$1,500— Richmond lots; close In and near
Golden Gate Park and on 4 car lines:
cheapest lots In vicinity.
U6.ooo—Beautifully located 50-ft. corner; se
lect portion of Pacific Heights.
J30.000— Fine building lot. cor. 15th and Va
lencia at.; 100x120 ft. to rear street;
cheap.
133,000—Superbly located residence aita; ele
gant neighborhood; extended marine and
city view; cheapest purchase of its kind
in the city; 3 frontages; 128x137:6 ft.;
worth fully $40,000.
We have lots In all parts of tha city. Call
for list.
SPECK ft CO.,
209 Montgomery at.
E. N. WILLBERG, Licensed Surveyor,
109 MONTGOMERY ST.
City Lots Accurately and Officially Surveyed.
CHARGES REASONABLE.
My field books, diagrams show, by actual
measurements, the exact points from which
your lot was surveyed, which Is Imperatively
necessary, as the City Surveyor and othtr sur
veyors do not show that and also because all
the original monuments were taken out when
the streets were forme*! In the early days of
the city, since which time the different City
Surveyors extending to the present time have
made innumerable errors in their street and
lot surveys, and to conceal such errors they
have moved the monument lines away from
their original correct positions without legal
authority from the people, causing blocks and
streets to measure Incorrectly, creating excess
measurements In blocks of the most valuable
portion of the city, which they do not distribute
proportionately throughout the block, but often
give the entire excess of sometimes 12 Inches
or more to one person, thereby Interfering with
the deed distances of the people and the abso
lute security of boundary lines.
Consult ma before moving your valuable
buildings on such unfair surveys. Work guar
anteed.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots, Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on grade;
close to flne school and Mlsslon-st electrlo
cars; bound ts double In value.
$400 each on Installments of $10 per month;
no taxes; flne lots, near Ocean boulevard;
best residence location south of Golden Gats
Park; theae are the cheapest lots in this dis
trict; advancing In price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE,
26 Monteomery st.. r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
POST St., between Octavla and La gun a; lot
25.10x120. running through to rear street;
Improvements consist of 2 cottages; splendid
lot: excellent location for modern flats; make
offer.
Neat 4-room cottage In Sunnyalde; high
basement: lot 37:6x112:6; $1325; $125 cash,
balance $14 40 per month.
W. N. RUSSELL.
301 California St., San Francisco, CmL I
$10,500— Including bltuminislng of st; terms ta>
suit: 8 swell sunny flats just completed:
rents $1080 per annum; every known possible
latest Improvement; 16 minutes from City
Hall; 7th-ave. boulevard, nr. Fulton st, close
to Park: 5 car lines, one runs all night. Ap
ply from 12 to 4. Seventh aye.. near Fulton.
FOUR or five room modern cottages; wooden
mantels; latest plui-.blng: tiling, etc.; near
Folsom-st. electric cars; only $100 cash re
quired, balance to suit. THE DOLAN CO.,
home builders. 1607 Market st. opposite
Franklin.
NEW colonial houses, 2 flats, 5 rooms, reception
hßll each: lot 34x116; rents $48 60; easy pay
ments; $5500. Third aye., bet. A and B sta.
FINE sanitary plumbing; latest system. AHL
BACH ft MAYER. >W. Howard St.
REAL ESTATE—COUNTjsVT--*or Sale.
INVEST YOUR MONEY IN LAND IN SUT
TER COUNTY.
$65 an acre buys choice orchard land within
three miles of three large fruit canneries,
two dried fruit packing establishments and a
large winery; best market center for all kinds
of fruit; the Butte County Irrigation ditch
coming this way; surveys under way for
two electric lines to traverse this section
and an overland road (the Western Pacific i
passing through here all point to a large In
crease in land values; four dally passenger
trains to San Francisco each day now; no
other section offers a better opportunity for
profitable Investment; also have aome good
dredge mining propositions.
Address M. J. NEWKOM, Real Estate
Dealer, 406 Second St.. Marysvllle. Cal.
" aTsure place for a home. ~"
We have a few Improved and unimproved
farms, situated In Santa Crux and Monterey
counties, where there are no dry yeara; no
booms, no malaria; the best climate and water
In the State. Apply GAFFEY ft MAHON. 11
Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
ATTENTION, HOMESERKERB!
Send postal for catalogue of the beat land
bargains In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market st.
TO reach Pacific Coast dairymen list your
dairy ranches with Rlanda ft Co.. 627 Montg.
SAN MATEO REATj ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK. LOMITA PARK.
LOMITA PARK.
On the line of San Mateo electric cars; 45
minutes from Fifth and Market sts.
Sewer and water pipes laid.
Pure artesian water.
Lota $400 and up.
Outside the fog belt
$10 to $50 down and $10 per month.
Go down and investigate.
Maps sent on application.
SELBY, RODGERS ft CO..
Main 673. 116 California at
Also at Lomlta Park.
MENLO PAEK MAX. ESTATE.
A—MENLO PARK-FAIR OAKS.
Large villa sites and tracts of from on* to
Aye acres, beautifully w.x>ded and ready for
building; convenient to station and in best part
of Fair Oaks snd Menlo Park; road work free
of expense to buyers; exceptionally easy terms:
finest climate in vicinity of city; unexcelled
educational facilities. For particular writ*
SELBY. RODGERS ft CO..
Main 673. 116 California st
For Additional Classified Advertise
* ments See Page FourteeaV
1314
POINT SIC2MOND SEAL ESTATE.
• zzzzzz
POINT RICHMOND READ ESTATE.
Bargains, bargains, bargain?, bargain*.
$fisi>— Corner Richmond aye. and 2d; 55x110
$1000 -Corner Bissell and First; 60x112.
• $750- Corner Chancellor and First; 60x112.
$i;5O Maedonald aye. near Third st.
• -$25(1- First St.. near Bissell.
$300- -First St., near Maedonald.
■ fSSO -Two lots; big bargain; Chancellor St..
near Fir«t;
•' The above lots are in the
business center a::d are among the
le>t investments in Point Richmond.
$10 per month will buy some
nf them. J. W. LATMANCE.
682 Market et., room 10. S. F.
ELMEUEST REAL ESTATE.
$600—ACREAGE; 5 to 10 acre tracts, $600
par acre; on S. P. R. R. track.
$1000 —4-room house and lot; bath, pantry and j
toilet; half block from electric cars.
■If you want suburban property see JAMES ,
'j. rVTOOLE Elmhurst. :
ALAMEDA APVERTWTS j
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. !
modern cottage !
". cf 5 rooms; let 33x155; choice lots, $10 and
$15 per front foot; terms.
52250 will build a complete cottage of 5
rooms; lot 35x108; Grand st.; all street work
" and sidewalk, plans and specifications free ;
•. with al) work done. J. H. YOUNG. Architect
, and Builder. 1243 Park st., Alameda. |
BERKELEY ADYERT'S'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale—Restaurant, with complete fixtures
and furnishings; good paying business;
.. choice location, with lease; a snap.
We have good bargains in houses and lots
'■' in all parts of Berkeley. ALBEE & COR
" YELL. 2138 Center St.. Berkeley; Real Es- |
tate and Insurance.
6 ROOMS; modern; lot 40x76; fine location in
South Berkeley: 4 blocks from Key route; ;
$2600; $200 cash, balance like rent. W. N. |
RUSSELL. 801 California st.. San Francisco.
$187 50 EACH; lots In Berkeley: one block j
'from station: little cash required. RIANDA !
• A CO.. 627 Montgomery st. j
FRUITY ALE ADVERT'STS
FEUTTVALE REAL ESTATE.
M. C. GIBSON,
1320 Fruit vale aye. Phone Vale 280. 1
If you have a lot partly paid for, or If you j
have part of the money to pay for a lot and
would like to start to build.
COME AND SEE US.
We have the plans or will draw them to suit I
you and will build you a house, pay the bal- .
ance on your lot and furnish the money to
; huild with and let you pay It back in easy
monthly payments.
M. C. GIBSON
; (Phone Vale 290.)
1326 Frultvale aye. close to East 14th st.
*. Open evenings and Sundays.
OAKLAND ADVERTWTS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OA ELAND RE A L ESTATE.
$2600 IS the price, and don't miss this if you ;
want a chance to buy a swell 6-room East- 1
•lake cottage, located in the center of town,
only 5 minutes' walk from local train, in choice
• residence neighborhood; lot 30x100; all large, :
.sunny rooni9, having an east frontage; high ;
basement; don't fail to investigate this.
Only $2750—Must be sold at once; 7-room
colonial house, modern In every particular; open
plumbing, porcelain bath, gas and electricity;
"II large rooms; 4 bedrooms .upstairs; good
sized lot; tine neighborhood and must be sold
at -once; price only $2750; very easy terms; .
owner must sell on account of change in busi- j
ness location.
$t!250 —Elegant home of 9 rooms; lot 75x125; :
fine marine view; terraced lawn; stone steps 1
and cemem walks and walls around entire
'property; 5 oak and maple mantels; oak finish
In hall and dining-room; construction guaran
' teed, as this was the former home of our
Governor and built of the best material money '
could buy. This property must be sold at
< easy terms or trade for smaller incoma
property.
KREISS & HORSWILL,
1070 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
FROST TRACT.
FROST TRACT. , 1 ,
'Lots on easy terms, at half-price, to close
them- out: bank property, taken on foreclosure
of .mortgage; title perfect: street work done, j
• on car line; if you went a home site lnvesti
lata this property, prices, etc.
FROST TRACT.
FROST TRACT.
.See J. H. MACDONALD & CO.,
1052 Broadway.
'FINE northwest corner on Grove St.; lot 32x90
• • feet; comfortable house of 7 rooms and bath;
street work complete; electric line passes
r property; price only $2200.
J. H. MACDONALD & CO.,
1052 Broadway.
A BARGAIN.
Fine residence of 12 rooms and bath- ele
. gant lot. 100x170 feet, in Lakeside District;
land easily worth price asked for entire prop
' erty; well rented to good tenant. For partlcu
• lars see
J. H. MACDONALD & CO.
1062 Broadway.
• IF TOTJ SEE IT IT.
Vnr sale—s2Bso; cottage. 6 rooms, hall,
bath, pantry, high basement, stationary tubs;
. _ lot 25x100; only 15 minutes' walk from
Broadway; best value In Oakland for the ;
money
GOOD LITTLE HOME OR INVESTMENT. '
For sale—sllso; house of 4 rooms; lot 40x I
10f>: in fine residence sertlon; rents for $12" !
$400 cash, balance to suit.
SNOW, Real Estate.
______ 468 Eleventh st., Oakland.
WIGGINTON S I
J575- One lot, 50x100; 3 blocks of 21st ears
$tiso—One 5-room cottage in Fruttvale. near I
11th St.: just completed; hot and cold water- 1
gi'-- and elrctrlc lights. '
$650—Two lots, 25x1C0, in Frultvale- 1 block
of Detrey School: only lot left in the block
oil fenced: water piped on the lot; a bargain'
«?.VV>—One lot 35x100; E. 11th st.; south'
front: a good building spot; see this
WIGGINTON, 1167 13d aye.; phone Brook
1642.
NICE, modern house, nearly new; near Lake
Merritt; close to new street car extension'
just In operation, greatly increasing value- 7
rooms; lot 55x232; price reduced to $:;ooi>
$200 cash, balance like rent. •
9 rooms; modern: lot 50x100; lying high i
with cement retaining wall; in East Oakland-,
near new Key Route service; $3500- Slnrt
cash, balance like rent. ' *
W. N. RUSSELL,
301 California St., San Francisco, Cal.
$875 CASH. $16 monthly—New bay~window
cottage of 4 rooms; all fenced; nice base
ment; brick foundation; good Al well of
water: chicken-houses; 10 lots, all fenced
125x245; more ground may be had cheap :
tandy loam soil; an ideal home, away from
fogs and raw winds; near cars and fine
grammar school; section building up fast
price in nil $2000. Call or send for circular'
455 Seventh st., opposite Broadway station
Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES.
$1700 —BUSINESS property, North Oakland
close to Key Route. S. P., and electric lines;
store and 3 rooms. 5 rooms and bath up
stairs; rent $20. Address owner, box 1608
I 'all. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE TOM SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl
ture. H. Schelhaas.llth st.. cor. store.Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisem't's
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BIRCH aye., 23—Unfurnished housekeeping
rooms: running water.
CALIFORNIA. 1272—Large sunny front room
with kitchen for 2 gentlemen or man and
wife.
CASTRO, 429, rear—3 unfurnished upper sun
ny, pleasant housekeeping rooms; large
yard; $10.
FULTON, 442—Sunny furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. >
GEARY, 1225—3 rooms, completely furnished
for housekeeping; only $20: nicely situated
i and separate from main building.
HOWARD, 564'i —Front room and kitchen ad
joining; 'children no objection; $2 25 week.
BOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING—Con.
JACKSON, 964—Furnished sunny large front
housekeeping rooms; ?8 to $10.
JESSIE. 323 —2 large rooms: coal and gas
range; ¥4 week; other rooms, $2, $3 and
S3 75 each
KEARNY. 104—Sunny unfurnished front suites
of 2 and .'! rooms: running water, bath; $11,
$18. $20.
McALLISTER, 907 2 nicely furnished sunny
bay-window rooms and bath: $18.
McALLISTER. fm7 -2 large, nicely fur. sunny
bay window mis. and b.; German fam.: $IS.
MISSION. 1148—From suite of 2 rooms: no
objection to let housekeeping; single front
room, «v
OAK. 117 —Rooms, complete, housekeeping; $5
to $12; gas range; hot bath; adults.
OAK GROVE aye.. 19, bet. sth and 6th, ofT
Harrison--Beautiful alcove front room; gas,
bath, laundry.
SECOND. 21»—Furnished rooms for house
keeping; central; clean; quiet; no children.
SHOT WELL* 625—2 sunny furnished room*
for light housekeeping; bath; piano.
THIRD, 354>4—Clean housekeeping rooms; also
single room: rent reasonable.
I TWENTY-FOURTH^3I74—2 rooms for house
keeping.
I VALENCIA, 909—3 or 4 nice sunny rooms;
I. complete for housekeeping; bath; gas range;
very convenient; no children wanted.
WALLER. 71—Regular dining-room and kitch
en, furn. complete. $20; smaller suite, $12.
AFABTMENT HOUSES.
JUST opened; The Loraine r.partments. 730
O'Farrell. bet. Hyde and Larkin; 2 and 3
rooms: n»w and modern; prices reasonable.
AFABTMZNTS WANTED.
WANTED—A completely furnished modern 4
room apartment. Address, with terms box
4603, Call office.
WANTED—To rent apartment of 2 or 8 rooms.
furnished. Box 4702, Call office.
BOOMS TO LET—Furs, and Unfarn.
A —BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth St.—Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ATKINS, corner Third st. and Park lane—New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water; electric lights; only first-class house
In locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)—Rooms. 26c to 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
A NEW corner building; sunny rooms; fresh
and clean; every modern convenience. The
Sahlein, SW. cor. Polk and Bush sts.
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store; 2 en
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk—Electric
lights, running water in every room; 200
rooms: 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BUSH. 806—Alcove and single rooms for gentle.
men with references; private family.
EDDY, 867 —Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
with or without board; rent reasonable.
ELLIS. Plerpont, Mrs. J. H. Babbtt
mgr.; fine sunny rooms, single or en suite.
FREE rent for couple or lady, one room and
kitchen for care of three. Box 4696 Call.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission—Rooms 35j
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HOWARD, 715—Furnished rooms, single or
double: central location.
HOWARD. 829—Rooms of all kinds and prices.
JESSIE. 367—Nice furnished front rooms from
$1 per week up.
LEAVENWORTH, 518—Largs sunny rooms.
suitable for two.
MARKET. 719—Furnished rooms; newly reno
vated; double or single; day. week, month.
LARKIN, 708 V sunny front room; flne
location for 2 gents. $16.
MARKET. 719 —Furnished rooms; newly reno
vated; double or single; day, week, month.
MARKET, 1049 (The Falmouth) —Sunny rooms;
$2 to $5 week; baths; elevator; also hskpg.
McALLISTER, 114—Flat 6, 3d floor; 2 or 3
hskpg rooms; every convenience; reasonable.
METROPOLITAN Hotel, 129 Third St.—4oo
single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day.
$2 to $8 week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has offlce on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room and gives free baths "and ele
vator day and night to its guests.
N ATOM A, 282, near Fourth—To let, 5 rooms;
upper floor; rent $12.
NINTH, 157—A well-furnished sunny front
roam and others; gas and bath.
O'FARRELL, 908—Single furnished room, $4
month; double. $10.
PINE, 827 —Sunny furnished rooms for gentle
men; private family; $8 and $10.
POWELL, 222—Front sunny rooms, suitable
for offlce; also other rooms for housekeeping. :
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis'— incajndescentTllghts;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 j
to $8: month. $8 to $30: elevator on ground !
floor: rooms with hot and cold water: baths. !
' TAYLOR. 313—Small sunny front room; $1 50
| per week.
I THE MEREDITH. 252 Turk st.—Large bay
window room, $15: single rooms. $10 and $8.
j TWENTY-FIRST, 3338— Rooms, furnished or
j unfurnished, to let.
I TURK. 42—Sunny furnished rooms; single and
en suite: dsy. week, month.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market—4oo
rooms 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus. baggage.
VENDOME. 1104 Market—Furn. rooms, suite
or single: suite $5 week up. 15 Turk.
WASHINGTON, near Mason—Large
sunny room for two gentlemen.
WIN' HESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. nr. Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
j elec. lights; reading-room; free bus, baggage.
; A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep
.tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
i been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
I Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
, ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
j Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
i m^^mmm^^"^ mmmmmmmmm i
BOOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL Baltimore, 1015 Van Ness ave.—First
class hotel, on American plan; families es
pecially; elegant rooms, all modern and every
' convenience; very sunny; tine views; tabl*
unsurpassed. H. C. SHANNON, Proprietor.
I HOTEL L'AIGLON. 601 Geary St.—Large,
sunny rooms, board: suites, with board for 2,
$50 month: single, with board, $25 up; special
family rates; just renovated.
! POLK. 699, corner Eddy—Sunny single and
j double rooms; good home cooking; beautiful
crounds.
. CHURCH, 301 -Well furnished front rooms,
with or without board; corner flat; private
I family; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1031—Sunny fur. room;
bath; good board; $23; two $36 month.
: CALIFORNIA. 807—Best rooms, table and ser
vice in the city for the least money.
! JONES. 434, flat B—Suite, with bath and
single rooms; board; new house; no signs.
| TABLE board can l>e had by the day at 909
I Polk st.; reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 1109—Sunny suite; also single
rooms, with excellent board.
HOTEL Comora. 621 O'Farrell—Dollar for dol
lar in rooms, table and service.
VALENCIA, 936— Large sunny bay-window
room, excellent board; suitable for couple.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
A SINGLE gentleman would like board and
room with another gentleman. Address box
4502. Call office.
WANTED—Suite of rooms and board for mar
ried couple; give terms. Box 4701, Call office.
Bl . ' .. " l_;
bTPBCIAX HOTICBS.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Horns
Society hereby gives notice that It has ad
mitted into the orphanage from July 1, 1904
to December 31, 1904, the following named
orphans and half orphans, boys and girls,
vis: Marian Newman, aged 7 years and 2
months; Nathan Llndeman, 12 years and 11
months, and Charles Llndeman, 11 years and
11 months.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $23; other typewritera at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inapec. Co., 508 Market.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JANUARY 26. 1905.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
WE show the best and finest collection of
sewing machines In the world; prices from
$4 to $100. WHITE SEWING MACHINE
CO.. 915 Market st.
DOMESTIC —The macr.inv for family use: best j
Is cheapest; second-liHnd al! makes at any I
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes
tic offlce. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand. $3. $5. $8: slightly
u«ed. $10, $15, $2f> ; you know where the dolls
swing in the window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran
teed. CHAS PLAMBECK. 1016 Mission St.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A—EMPORIUM Storage &. Van Co ; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 726
-•731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 10 Drumm St.;
phene Main 31: JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped end stored,
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of- :
flee Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.: phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery I
St.; tel. Main IS4O. Shipping at cut rates. |
BEPEMFTIQN BONES. •
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY i
FIR&T REFUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS— !
Notice Is hereby given that, pursuant to the I
provision of article eight of »the mortgage ,
from this company to the Central Trust Com
pany of New York, trustee, dated August L, j
1889, this company has set apart out of the I
net income derived by it from the' lines of
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of twan- j
ty-flve thousand dollars In trust to be used
to redeem said bonds, and that bonds issued .
under said mortgage will be redeemed there- I
with. Bids are hereby invited for the sur- |
rendei of such bonds at prices to be named i
by the bidders, to the amount of $26,670 80,
in the sinking fund. Such bids should be
§ resented to this company at its offlce, 120
•roadway, in the city of New York, on or
before the 14th day of February, 1905, at 12
o'clock noon, and Should be Indorsed "Bids
lor Surrender of Central Pacific Railway
Company First Refunding Bonds."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
By E. H. HARRIMAN, President
New York, January 16. 1906.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY
(OF CALIFORNIA)—FIRST CONSOL
IDATED MORTGAGE FIVE PER CENT
GOLD BONDS OF IS93—Notice is hereby
given that the board of directors of this
company has determined to use to redeem
First Consolidated Mortgage Five Per Cent
Gold Bonds of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company (of California) $20,477 72 now In
the sinking fund for the redemption and pay
ment of bonds of that issue, and that bonds
of such issue will be redeemed therewith.
Bids are hereby Invited for the surrender of
such bonds at prices to be named by the
bidders. Such bids should be deposited with ]
Andrew K. Van Deventer. assistant treas-
WW of the Southern Pacific Railroad Com- I
pany, at his offlce, 120 Broadway, New York
City, at or before 12 o'clock noon, on the |
14th day of February. 1906, and should be
Indorsed, "Bids for Surrender of Southern
Pacific Railroad Company (of California)
Five Per Cent Bonds."
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY.
By E. H. HARRIMAN. President.
New York. Janunry 16. 1905.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies. Office
Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 14, 1905—Sealed proposals for fur
nlshing and delivering of such quantities
of subsistence supplies, delivered at auch :
wharf or wharves or such warehouses in
San Francisco, Cal.. as per circular to be i
seen at this office, will be received here until
11 o'clock a. m.. Friday, January 27, 19t>5,
and opened Immediately thereafter, in pres- I
ence of bidders. Specifications, general in- '
structions to bidders and blank forms of pro- j
posals will be furnished to established deal
ers on application to C. R. KRAUTHOFF, i
Mai. Corny.
STUTTERING AND STAMMEBZNO.
MELBOURNEsystem ;~2~sVhoois: SIO DlamondT i
521 Franklin. Inquire 521 Franklin. S to 12.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued j
yesterday:
John H. Ingram. 31. 21 Hollls street, and i
Melissle Cunningham, 40, 21 Hollls street.
James M. Curiey. 24, fl Russell street, and ;
Lecla E. McCaffery, 21, Ii!30 Green'street. I
William J. Avery. 29, Madera, and Annette 1
V. Schneider, 2b', Madera.
Bert Van Winkle, 23, 1258 Eddy street, and :
Ida L. Curric. 21, 404 Sanchez street.
Harry A. McMullln. 27, <;4 Hollls street, and
Lillian M. Beanston, 23, 23 Hollis street.
Solomon Mareuse, 26, 2918 Sixteenth street, j
and Annie Wulff, 21, 1503 Seventh avenue j
South.
James A. Glbney, 21, 1347 Laguna street,
and Nellie O'Connor. 18, 2303 Howard street.
Abraham Ullmarm. SOL 78S Geary street, and !
Hannah Edwards, 18, 714 Buchanan street. !
Thomas P. Grennan. 21. 6G3 Waller street, I
and Alice Murray, 18, Sl7 Page street.
John T. Dlebels. 34, 321 Turk street, and !
Elizabeth Ross. 28. 839 McAllister street. ,
Valentine Ritschv. 33, 1525 Mason street, and
Ida Moe. 28. 1230 Vallejo street.
Isaac Londau. 24. 3 Somerset street, and
Bophie Cohn. 22. 16 Juniper street.
John Mlkulski. 29. 607 Moultrie street, and ;
Julijanna Zaleska, 20, 607 Moultrie street.
Antonio Kerro. 26, San Bruno road, and i
Caterina Travl. 15. 343 Edinburgh street.
William M. Magulre, 21, city, and Alysse
I O'Leary, 21, city.
BIRTHS—MARRIAGES—DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
la at either of the publication offices and be !
indorsed with the nana; and residence of per- 1
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column j
free of charge.
BORN.
WEIR—In this city. January 1. 1905, to the
wife of G. C. Weir, a son.
MARRIED.
SAWYER—MARTIN—In this city. January j
26, 1905, by the Rev. Philip Combe. Meredith !
Sawyer and Florence Martin, both of this j
' city. J
DIED.
Andresen, Emilie—4o. Murphy, Daniel—s6.
Brereton. John M. -66. Qulgley. Marjorle.
Bull, Effle—2B. Rich. Mary—77.
Bunker. Sarah E. —85. Rinehart, Wm.—4 moa
Callender, Mary. Rodriguez, Sister Mary
Carlson, Chas. M.—sl. Stanislaus—7l.
Cottrell. Chris. C.—M. Roth, Arthur W.— 22.
Cross. James T. — 70. Shay. Elizabeth — 72.
Drain, Daniel—72. Simons, Hyman—s4.
Frey, Carl T. —87. Sweeney, Catherine—6B
Gunn. Anastasla—s4. Tldccmb. Edward —27.
Johnson. Kathrina—62. Van Tassell, 0.—26,
Kelly, Margaret A. Weber John—74.
Lambert. Mary A. —16 Well, Leopold A.—75.
Leonard, Ella—4o. Whitney, Lillian—2 yrs
Moore, John—73. Wyman, Mrs. Mary L.
ANDRESEN —In this city, January 24, 1906. !
Km I lie, wife of Christian Andresen and
mother of Emilie. Bertha, Chrystal, Ruby,
Lester and Cyriil Andresen. a native of
Baden. Germany, aged 49 years 9 months
and 20 days.
rrFFricnds and acquaintancea are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:30 a. m., from the chapel of
Clark & Booth. 612-014 Van Ness avenue,
bctweeen Golden . Gate avenue and Turk
street. Interment Cypress Dawn Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero street*!.
BRERETON —Passed away, in Oakland, Janu
ary 25, 1905. John Mlddleton Brereton, be
loved husband of Katherlne S Brereton, and
father of John Stewart Brereton. a native
'of Ireland, aged 65 years 10 months and
21 days.
BULL— In San Leandro. January 25, 1906.
Nt 3 a. m.. Efflc, beloved wife of Thomas
B. Bull, a native of Kansaa, aged 28 years
and 10 months.
Bl INKER—In this city. January 25, 1905.
Sarah E. Bunker, mother of Mrs. Howard
Morton, a native of Nantucket, Mass., aged
85 yearn 10 months and 22 days.
CyFriends are invited to attend the
funeisl. to be held at 1:30 p. m. to-day
(Thursday), from her late residence. 1626
Kulton street. Interment private.
CALLENDER—In Oakland. Cal.. January 22
1005, Mary, beloved wife of John T. Cal
lender, mother of Mrs. Pinkie Taylor and
Mrs. Amelia Davie, sister of Mrs. Ellen
Pointer and the Rev. John Pointer, and niece
of Richard Lenard, a native of Pennsylvania
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. January 27. at 2 o'clock p. m.. at
the A. M. E. Church, Fifteenth street,
near .Market. Oakland. Interment Moun
tain View Cemetery.
CARLSON—In this city, January 25, 1806, I
Charles M. Carlson, son of Mary A. Carl
son, and brother of Matilda Olsen and Chris
Carlson, a native of Norway, aged 51 yeara
4 months and 2H days.
CFFriends and acquaintancea are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Friday), at 1 p. m.. from the residence of
his flster. 328 Jersey street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
COTTRELL—In Berkeley, January 25. 1906
Christopher C. Cottrell, a native of Sari
Francisco, aged 44 years 3 months and 2
days. A member of Western Shore Lodge
No. 71. B. of R. T.
CROSS —In thia city, January 23. 1905, James
T. Cross, a native of Scotland, aged 70
years.
E7Remains at the parlors of Clark &
Booth, 612-614 Van Ness avenue.
DRAIN—In this city, January 24, 1905, Daniel
Drain, beloved brother of Jamea Drain Mrs
P. F. McGrath and the late Mrs. J. Ewing,
and brother-in-law of John Ewing, a native
of County Antrim. Ireland, aged 72 years.
C7Friends and acquaintancea and officers
and members or the Shipwrights' Association
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
to-day (Thursday) at 8:86 a. in., from his
late residence. 814* McAllister street, thence
to Bt. Mary n cathedral where a solemn re
quiem rn*!ss will he celebrated for the re
pi se of his soul, commencing a* ! > a - m ,n ~
ternieiii Holy ( Cemetery by electric
■ar Laving Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
FKKY in Oakland. January 25. 1905, Carl
Theodore beloved fatner of Mrs. Ida
Groea i.nd Mrs. Clara Paus. a native of
Switzerland. • aged ST years 8 months and
2 days.
GUNN—In San Leandro. January 25, 1906.
Anastasla, beloved wife of Dennis Gunn,
and dearly beloved sister of al. J. O'Brien
and Mrs. A. Miller, a native of Boston, aged
54 years and 14 da vs. (Boston papers please
copy.)
Friends and acquaintancea are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, January 27 at 9 a. m., at St. Le
ander's Church, where a requiem high mass
ni m\ be celebrated, thence to Holy Cross
Cefßtery, San Mateo County, by funeral car j
to connect with 12 o'clock creek route boat.
JOHNSON—In Oakland. Cal.. January 23. 1905. I
Kathrina C. Johnson, beloved wife of the |
late Captain James Johnson, and mother i
of the late James Johnson Jr.. Frederick C, j
Otto J., William and George W. Johnson,
and Mrs. Albert Gruninger, Mrs. F. G. ;
Wight. Mrs. F. R. Woolsey. Mrs. W. W. 1
Uiddlngs, Mrs. W. W. Reed and Catherine
and Selma Johnson, a native of Denmark,
aged 62 years and 10 months.
CFFriends and acquaintancea are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
January 26, at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the
family residence. 140 Claremont avenue,
"akland. Interment private.
KELLY—In this city January 24, 1905, Mar
prat A. Kelly, beloved daughter of James
R. Kelly, and sister of Alfred R. and John
I. Kelly and Mrs. William S. Lyle, a na
ttve of San Francisco.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day |
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her
late residence, 501 Devisadero street, thence |
to St. Ignatius Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 a. m. Interment I
private. Santa Clara Cemetery, by special
car leaving Third and Townsend streets at ;
10:80 a. ro.
LAMBERT—In this city January 25, 1005. I
at her residence 296 Chattanooga street, j
corner Twenty-fourth, Mary Ann, beloved
wtfa of William P. Lambert, and devoted
mother of Mra. John E. Hellmann. Mrs. I
Clarence Kerns of Santa Cruz. Cal.. and j
Mamie E. Lambert and beloved daughter of ■
Mr. and Mrs. John McGrath. and sister of
Mrs. Frank Cassln, a native of Flushing,
Lone Island, N. V., aged 46 years 1 month ,
and 24 days. fFlint, Mich., papers please j
copy.)
CyNotice of funeral hereafter. *
LEONARD—In this city. January 24, 1905, 1
Ella Leonard, a native' of England, aged 40
years.
(ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral services .
Thursday, January 26, at 10 a. m., at the
parlors of Valente. Marin I & Co., 152e
BtOCkton street, thence by 11:30 a. m. train '
from Third and Townsend streets depot to
Mount Olivet Cemetery for interment.
MOORE—In this city, January 25, 1905, John,
beloved husband of Sarah A. Moore, and
father of Mrs. Robert Sproul. Mrs. Jamea S. ,
Hurry and Harry C. Moore, a native of
England, aged 73 years 2 months and 20
days. A member of Myrtle Lodge No. 42, |
A. O. U. W. !
lEFNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the chapel cf Charles H. J. Truman &
Co., 1909 Mission street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth.
MURPHY—In this city. January 24. 1905.
Daniel Murphy, a native of Ireland, aged 5a
years,
QUIGLEY—In this city. January 25, 1905,
Marjorie. dearly beloved sister of Mrs. Al.
Ault, Mrs. R. Mrs. J. Keenan and
("harles and John Quigley. a native of Mar
lln Town. County Donegal, Ireland.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect- •
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 a. m., from the parlors of 1
Monahan & Co.. 2339-11 Mission street, near
Nineteenth, thence to St. Charles church,
. where a solemn requiem mass will be cele- •
brated lor the repose of her soul, commenc-
Ins at 9a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme
tery. Pleasa omit flowers.
RICH—In this city, January 25, 1905. Mary,
relict of the late Louis Rich, Imd beloved
mother of Mrs. F. Marx, Mrs. H. Stern.
Mrs. J. Golinsky and Alex and Henry Rich,
a native of Bavaria, Germany, aged 77 years.
fCTFriends and acquaintance are respect- .
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, January 27. at 10 a. in., at her late ,
residence. 1404 Post street. Interment Home 1
of Peace Cemetery, by train leaving Third
and Townsend streets at 11:30 a. m. Please
t mlt flowers.
EINEHART -In Oakland. January 25. 1905. ;
at 876 Adeline street. William 8.. beloved
808 of D. J. F. and Mellie Rinehart. and ,
brother of Raybourne and James Rinehart.
a native of Oakland, aged 4 months and 21 ■
days.
RODRIGUES—In this city. January 24. 1905,
Sister Mary Stanislaus Rodrlgues. Sister ot j
Mercy, a native of Santa Cruz. Lower Cali
fornia. ag?d 71 years 4 months end 18 days, j
|T_7'Friends and acquaintances are respect- '
fatly invited to attend the funeral to-morrow i
(Friday), from St, Catherine's Home, for- i
merty Musdalen Asylum, Potrero avenue '
ar.d Twenty-lira*, at the termination of a
requiem high miss which will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROTH—In this city. January 24, 1905. Arthur
W. beloved son of Max and Fannie Roth,
and brother of Irma and Herbert Roth, a
native of Petaluma, Cal., aged 22 years S
months and 12 days.
f£s"Members of the First Hungarian Mutual
Aid Society--You are requested to attend '
the funeral of Arthur N. Roth, from his lato
residence, 192 Guerrero street, at 9:30 a. m. !
to-day (Thursday).
A. S. WAISS, President.
WILLIAM ROSENBERG, ■ Secretary.
SHAY —In thie city. January 24, 1905. Eliza
beth, beloved wife of the late Dennis Shay,
and devoted mother of John and James Shay,
Mrs. Charles Eldredge, Mrs. W. D. Sulli
van, and the late Mrs. Robert Gamble and
Emma Shay, a native of County Cavan, Ire- j
land, aged 72 years and 1 month.
C?" The funeral will take place Friday. I
January 27. at 8:30 a. m., from her late
residence, 911 Treat avenue, between Twea
ty-second and Twenty-third streets, thence ;
to St. Peter's Church, where a requtem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SIMONS—In this city. January 26, 1905.
at 40 Moss street. Hyman Simons, husband
of Hannah Simons, a native of Kingston,
Jamaica, B. W. 1., aged 54 years.
SWEENEY —In this city, January 24, 1906.
Catherine, beloved wife cf the late Dennis
Svvefney. a native of Ireland, aged 68 years.
(EFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9-:30 a. m.. from her late resi
dence, 1717 Jones street, thence to St.
Brigid's Church, Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, where a requiem high mass will
he celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 a. m. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery, by carriage.
TIIicOMB—In this city, January 24, 1906,
Edward C. Tidcomb, a native of Portland, ;
Ore., aged 27 years.
ETRcniains at the parlors of Clark & I
Booth. 612-614 Van Ness avenue, and will be
shipped to Portland for Interment.
VAN TASSEJXr—In Seattle, January' 24, 1905.
Oliver Van Tassell. beloved son of Philip and
the late Maty Van Tassell, and brother of
Henry, George and Robert Van Tassell and
Mra, J. F. Watson, a native of Port Madl- |
son. Wash., aged 26 years 11 months and
15 days.
WEBER—In Stockton. January 25, 1906,
John Weber, beloved husband of the late
Louisa Weber, and beloved father of August
and John Weber of Oregon. Mrs. Carl Kayser
of Germany and Joseph Weber and the late
Mrs. August Schrlck of San Francisco, a na
tive of WuSgassen. Westphalen. Germany,
aged 74 years.
CFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:15 a. m.. from the parlors of
Gantner Broe., 1209 Mission street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Anthony s
Church. Army street, near Folsom. where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated.for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WEIL—In this city, January 24, 1905. Leopold
A., husband of the late Bertha Weil, and
father of Mrs. Leopold Well. Mrs. Sol Sond.
helmer. and Adella and Alphonse B. Weil,
a native of Baden. Germany, aged 75 years.
JCTFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to day (Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m.,
at his late residence. 878 Eddy street. In
terment Home of Peace Cemetery.
WHITNEY—In this city. January 24, 1905, at
the residence. 505 M, Ash avenue. be
loved daughter of A. E. and Mamie Whit
ney, and sister of Violet Whitney, a native
of Honolulu. H. 1., aged 2 years and 4
months. 0
WYMAN—In this city, January 24, 1905,
Mrs. Mary L. Wyman. a native of New
York.
CFFrlends are respectfully Invited to at
tend the funeral Thursday, January 26, at
11 o'clock a. m.. from the mortuary chapel
of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,
2475 Mission street, near Twenty.first. In
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from corner Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets at 11:30 a. m.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 28.
City and County of San Franclaco to Caro
line Taublea, lot on E line of Van Nees ave
nue, 47:0 Sof Broadway. 546 by E 100; 8 .
Estate of Alvlnza Hayward (by William J.
Dingee, administrator) to Louis Gemlnianl, lot
on N line of Greenwich street, 131:3 W of Oc
tavla, W 26 by N 137:6; $066.
Same to William and Marie Oechshlin, lot
on E line Laguna street, 126 S of Lombard,
8 50 by E 106:3; $2020.
Morris and Emma Siminofl to Louis E.
Wood, lot on H line of Ellis street, 77:6 E of
Buchanan, E 26:9, S 60, E 25:9, S 60, W 51:6,
N 120; also lot on NW corner Seventh avenue
and C street. N 95 by W 46; $10.
W. H. and Ethel Crocker to Nathaniel Blals
dell. lot on Nw corner of Vallejo and Buchanan
streets, W 100 by N 137:6; $10.
Nathaniel and Emma A. Blalsdetl to 8. L.
Abbott lot on N line of Vallejo street, 70 W
of Buchanan, W 30 by N 137 also undl
vided one-half of lot on NW corner of Vallejo
and Buchanan streets. W 40 by N 137:6; $10.
Richard Ring and Annie Ring (and as trus
tee) to McEwen Bros., lot on NW comer or
Greenwich and Webster streets, N 137:6 by
W 120; $10.
Janies B. and Ellen Feehan to George A.
and Anna M. Coryell lot on S line of Page
street, 162:6 E of Devisadero. E 30 by S 137:6;
$10.
William C. Anderson to Susie E. Anderson,
lot on Sine of Filbert street. 202:9 W of
Broderick. W 27:5% by S 137:6; gift.
James and Emily Carolan to William H.
Degan, lot on S line of Sacramento street,
172:6 W of Locust. W 26 by S 132:7%; $I°.
Patrick W. Riordan to Sarah Dowd. lot on
N line of St. Rose s street, 200 W of Woed,
N 100, W 40. S to St. Rose's curved line, thence
along curved line to St. Rose's, E to beginning,
block B, Junipero Homestead, quitclaim deed;
$10.
Sarah Dowd to Bridget McErlane, same;
$1200.
City and County of San Francisco to X. F. A.
Obermeyer lot on SW corner of Thirteenth
and Folsom streets, W 151:3%, S 78:9, W
47:5%, SE 80.09 NE 187:0, N 98:0%: $ .
Frank T. (or Frank) Ryan to John and
Caroline Dobler, lot on E lint, of Castro street,
75 S of Sixteenth, S 25 by E 87:6, quitclaim
deed: $1.
Estate of Sarah Ryan (by Andrew Stewart,
administrator) to same, same; $3150.
Mary J. and Edmund J. Burkhardt to Oscar
and Wllhelmine Simon, lot on N line of Twen
ty-first street, 75 E of Bryant E 25 by N 93;
* 10
Gertrude L. Roesiter to Stephen R. Thorne,
lot on NW corner of Twenty-first and Castro
streets, N 35 hy W 125; $10.
Theodore D. and Anna Hersog to J. Cuneo
Company, lot on NE line of Montgomery ave
nue. 64:11% NW of Francisco street. NW
113:11%. E 72:11%, S 87:7%: $10.
Carlo? D. Bianchl to Hind Estate Company,
lot on NE line of Ninth street. 40 SE of Min
na. SB 40 by NE 60: $10.
Vincent and Elizabeth Raudit to Wilhelm
and Wllhelmine Meier lot on B line of Rhode
Island street, 175 S of Tolo. S 25 by B 100;
$10.
Fannie L. Marsh to William E. Marsh, lot
on W line of Michigan street, 433 N of Sierra,
N 183 W 77:9, S 50, E 66 SW 102:6, S 33,
E 43; $10.
Anton and Paulina Schneider to John D.
Azevedo lot on W line of Twelfth avenue,
175 N of California street. N 50 by W 120; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Henry A.
and Annie Pinner, lot on W line of Second
avenue 200 N of C street, N 25 by VV 120; $10.
Thomas A. Perkins to Frank A. Bagleson. lot
on N line of J street. 32:6 W of Forty-sixth
avenue, W 50 by N 100; $10.
Ernest C. and Josephine E. Read to C. G.
Stuhr. lot on E line of Tenth avenu», 150 S
of J street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Peter and Hannah Tamony to M. Z. Novello,
lot 'on E line of Anderson street. 200 S of
Eugenia, S 25 by B 70, lot 332, Gift Map 1;
$10.
Fannie L. Marsh (wife) to William E. Marsh,
lot on W line of Railroad avenue. 80 N of
Servla street. N 26:8,. W 73:6, SW 25. SE
82:1% block 294, O'Neill & Haley Tract; $10.
Same to same lots 14 to 16, 20 to 23, block
C, Haley Purchase; $10.
Same to same, lots 1 to 14, block 12, Sunny
vale Homestead; $10.
George G. Gere to Vera H. Hlggins. lot on
W line of Cuvler street. 100 N of Bosworth.
N 25, W 100 N 175, W 100, S 200. E 200,
block 3 De Boom Tract; $10.
Estate of Robert Stitt (by Joan C. Stitt,
executrix) to John H. Grady, lot on N corner
of Nineteenth avenue and L street, NW 75
b# NE 100, block 367, South San Francisco
Homestead; $650.
John H. and Ellen G. Grady to Freeman
Faircloth, same; $10.
Milton or J. Milton Painter to l.'tllles Baird.
lot on S corner of Twenty-fifth avenue and B
street. SE 300 by SW 200. block 790: also lot
on NE corner of India and Colorado streets,
N 150 by E 200, block 583; also lot <n W
Ci rner of Twentieth avenue and A street. NW
300 by SW 200. Mock 716; also block bounded
by Calaveras and Louisiana streets and First
avenue, block 530: $21,214.
Charles F. Martin to Thomas W. and Chris
topher C. Rivers. lot on E line of Andover
street. 350 S of Crescent avenue. S 25 by E
7(i lot W, Holliday map A: $10.
Romain C. de Boom to Robert E. Donovan,
loi !>. block 10, De Boom Tract; $500.
or Magealena Yung to August
and I>ena Eggert. lot <>. block Y. Park Lane
Tract Kb. 3: $10
Elizabeth Nachlrleb to Fred R. Bulh n. lot
on E line of Hend stre?t. 225 N oi* Stanley,
N 25 by E 100. lot 14. block 50. City LanJ; :
i_ i rt.
Julius c. Reis to Ar.tonc Quintal, lot 36,
block 3. Rels Tract: srrar.t.
Elizabeth Nachtriel. to Lillle C. N. Builoik.
lot on E line of Head street. 230 N of Stanley.
N 25 by E 100. lot 15. block 50. City Lands;
cut.
Mirnie F and George F. Gray to D. Wy
rr.nn Cooke lot on NE line of Masonic avenue.
125 SE of Java street. SE 25 by NE 125. lot
21. block 5. Flint Tract: $10.
Patrick J. or Patrick Grady to Ronert H.
Ba-clay lot on SW line of Brazil avenue, 25
SE of Lisbon street. SE 50 hy SW 100. block
23 Excelsior Homestead. $10.
Hldrldge J. and Mary H. Bailey and Mary
! I Conner to Peter A. and Louise M. Murray.
! lot on SE line of Edinburgh street. 250 NE
of Persia NE 25 by SE 100. block 46. same.
$10.
liuildcrs Contracts.
O'Connor. MofTatt & Co. (owners) with
brough & Johnston (contractors), architect
Ralph W. Hent —Caeca. counters and seats In
second story of Barron building on Pest street,
107:11 W of Kearny, W ICD-by 8 122:6: $7690.
Roman Catholic Archbishop (owner) with P.
P. Quinn .contractor), architect E. A. Garin —
| Excavating, concrete, carpenter work, plumb
; ing and painting for a one-story church build
ing on the SW corner of Thirteenth avenue
i and I street. S 75 by W 140; $17,009.
! J. S. Potter lowner) with. A. C, Soule (ccn
' tractor), architect Maxwell G. Bugshee—All
| work except plumbing, painting, electric work.
| shades and ga-> fixtures for a two-story frame
! building on the E line of Pi»re» street. 54 S
•of Filbert, S 28 by E 52:6; $5613.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen. j
Goldfleld District.
Adams 12 i:i!Goldfield Mhk. 14 16 |
Black Butte.. JO 23IGldfld Red L». 05 C 6
i B!k Butte Ex 10 —jGoldfleld SPk — IS
! Blue Bull M. 22 23!Goldfleld Ton. 09 10
! Booth M Co. .10 — IGldfleld Verde. 08 <'7
Columbia Mt. 27 --'Jumbo M Co. 00 70
I Diamondfleld. 30 32! Jumbo Ex ... 25 2«
[Dixie Mm ... 20 25!Kendall ".4 SB
i Goldfleld 88l 07 oS|May Queen .. 38 35
! Goldfleld BA-M — I 2 — 81
| Gldfld Oolum. 06 TSlßed Top 10 20 j
Goldfleld Dmd 11 l2lPandstorm ... oo 61 :
i Hibernla 20 21! Vernal Mm ..13 15,
| Goldfleld Mm. 73 75!
Other Districts.
Bullfrog Mm. 75 -_fltar & O'Brien 04 07 1
■ Colehan — 10! South western. 60 — j
: Esperanza ... 01 02lTon Gold Mt.. 14 15
I Ducky Tom... •>:>. 05!Sylvania ..... 25 27
I Mont Ru'lfrog 10 I2|United Ton .. — 00 ;
; Orig Bullfrog. 29 30!
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran- !
I Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
8:80 a. m. Session.
I 1000 Adams 11l 100 Mont Ton ...2 05
i 2000 Austin G M.. 32' 500 Mont Ton . 2 07 tt
1000 Black Ants .. 06]2000 Orig Bullfrog. 20
! 2000 Goldfleld B Bl WI 500 Paymaster ... 03
| 100 Goldfleld Mm. 7211500 Ton Midway.. 52,
I 1000 Gold Mt Con. 0212000 Ton Midway.. 53 i
I 4500 MacNamara . 3l!l000 Ton Midway.. 54 j
j 2000 MacNamara . 30! 500 Ton N Star .. . 25
8198 MacNamara . S2JIMO Ton N Star ... 26
11 a. m. Session.
I 1000 Goldfleld SPk 18 1000 P a Goldfleld.. 09 i
j 1000 Kendnll 3*l 300 Ton Midway.. 57 |
: 1000 MacNamara . 3211000 Ton N Star... ".I
1200 Mont Ton. .2 071412000 Ton N Star... 24 1
1000 Orig Bullfrog. 30! 1000 Ton N Star... 26;
2 p. m. Session.
500 Black Butte.. 231 500 Orig Bullfrog. 29 I
500 Gold Anchor. 3211000 P a Goldfleld.. 09 1
3000 Gldfld Red L 06 2*oo Ton Midway.. 59 !
3000 MacNamara . 331 400 Ton Midway.. 69
♦Oflrt MafNanwra . 3512000 Ton N Star... 25
2000 Mont Ton. .2 0714'
CT.OSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid.Ask.j Bid.Ask.
Adams 11 —lUlttle Ton ..25 —-
Austin G M.. — 33H,ucky Tom .. — 17
Black Butte.. 23 — iMacNsmara .. 32 33
Blue Bull M. 24 —IMont Ton ...2 06 —
Columbia Mt. 28 - 'Ohio Ton 32 —
Diamondfleld. -- 30[Orlg Bullfrog. 28 30
Esperansa ... 01 02' Paymaster ... 02 (K\
Free Gold M. — ISjßav & O'Brien 05 OR!
Gold Anchor. 32 34! Red Top IS 19 <
Goldfleld 88l — OOlßescue 05 06
Goldfleld Mm. 70 — [Rothwell Q M 10 no j
Gldfld Red Xj. — 06! Sandstorm ... — 50
Goldfleld SPk — 18! Ton Belmont.. 71 T*»
Gold Mt Con. — 02! Ton Exten .. 425 — !
Hazel Kirk .. — 12lTon Oold Mt. — 15 \
Jumbo M Co. 64 —|Ton Midway.. 58 59
Jumbo Ex .. 24 —iTon of Nev..ll 75
Kendall . 33 —ITon N Star... 24 —
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE—Sailed Jan 25—Bktn
Kllkitat, for Honolulu; schr Okanogan for
San Francisco.
EUREKA—SaiIed Jan 25—Stmrs Fulton.
Eureka, Alliance, F A Kilburn and ('has Nel
son, for San Francisco.
ABERDEEN—SaiIed Jan 25—Stmr Santa
Monica, for San Pedro.
MURDER AND SUICIDE VERDICT. —
Coroner Leland held an lnuuest yesterday upon
the hodie< of Edward Tidcombe and Mrs.
I Georgia Nelson, the victims of last Tuesday's
tragedy on Stanyan street. Nothing new
was elicited. The Jury returned a verdict that
the man killed himself and Jhe woman.
RAILWAY ELECTS OFFICERS.—The an- !
\ nual meeting of the Mill Valley and Mount
' Tamalpals Railway wa* held Monday and the
following officers elected for the year: Prcsl- '
i dert. S. P. Gushing; vice president. R. H. j
Warfleld; directors—Daniel E. Hayes. H. F.
Wood* W. B. de Fremery, c. F. Runyon and
H. B. Snerry: secretary and treasurer. H. W.
Cat-others. A quarterly dividend of $1 a
' share was declared.
UNDERTAKERS GATHER
AT ANNUAL SESSION
M■■■lll IS of State Funeral Directors
Association Meet to Promote
Their Interests.
The regular annual session of the
Slate Funeral Directors" Association
of California opened yesterday morn
ing in Red Men s Hall, on Golden Gate
avenue. Many topics of interest to
the profession were discussed and im
portant changes planned. Delegates
from all parts of the State were pres
ent. Practical were
made in the afternoon at the College
of Physicians and Surgeons.
The session was opened by Mayor
Schmitz with a few remarks. The
delegates took up the question or
transporting bodies. The undertakers
are in favor of the new bill, which will
be introduced into the Legislature. It
provides that all bodies shipped ouUof
the State must be embalmed by a li
censed undertaker. The session will
be resumed this morning at 10 o clocK,
when other matters are to be taken
up. More demonstrations will take
place in the afternoon at the College
of Physicians and Surgeons, Four
teenth and Mission streets.
The following officers were mian- l
-mously elected; President, S. A. White
of the firm of Porter & White; vice
president, Melville Bresee of Los An
geles: second vice president, W. I*
Woodrowof San Jose; secretary-treas
urer. G Henderson of Oakland; ser
geant at arms. Hugh B. McAvoy of
San Francisco.
INITIAL ENTERTAINMENT
OF THE ADVANCE CLUB
Occupies Rooms in the Jefferson
Square Building and Outlines
a Policy.
The Advance Club made its initial |
appearance last night in club life of j
San Francisco at its rooms over the j
Jefferson Square building, 925 Golden
Gate avenue. Its objects are not only j
to drive dull care away, but also to
bring about the intellectual and phyt
tea] advancement of its members.
These 'Objects were, to some extent, j
realized last night in a musical and j
literary entertainment, followed by a
dance.
The Advance Club is a Jewish or- j
ganization and consists of profession- j
al and business men. H. L. Samson,
the well known merchant, is its pres
ident. The future of the club seems 1
very bright, as it is organized on lib
eral lines and has set for itself a high
standard. Among its members are ;
men of wide learnintr and travel, in j
whose hands is the installation of a|
library. Chess and whist tourna- '
ments will also be arranged for and* a \
general meeting of the club will take |
place twice a month, at which the
members will be given an opportunuy
to display their dramatic and musi
cal talents.
■ m .
MAKES ORDER RELEASING
JOSEPH SMITH ON BONDS
Judge Cook Thinks Man Charged !
With MeGowan's Murder Is En
titled to Bail Pending Trial.
Judge Cook yesterday denied the j
application for a writ of habeas cor- j
pus for the release of Joseph Smith,
the old man held to answer by Police
Judge Mogan on a' charge of murder
without bonds, and remanded the ;
prisoner into the custody of the Sher- !
iff. |
Attorney D. J. Murphy asked that
the defendant be admitted to bail. The
Judge said he had carefully read the
testimony taken at the preliminary ex
amoination and he had come to the
conclusion that the defendant was as
much entitled to bail as the defend
ant who was released by the Supreme
Court on bonds last Monday. He
thought that bonds In $25,000 would •
be sufficient. Attorney Murphy sug
gested 5 15.000 and finally the Judge
compromised on 520.000.
Smith, during a quarrel with Jo
seph McGowan in a tile yard at 2969
Mission street on the morning of No- |
vember 26. fired a shot at McGowan, !
killing him. MeGowan's father leased
the yard from Smith, who lived in a |
hut on the premises.
WOMEN DO GOOD WORK
FOR POOR AND NEEDY
Annual Report of Jewish Re
lief Society Shows That Large \
Sunt Was Distributed.
The members of the Jewish Ladies'
Relief Society held their annual ses
sion yesterday morning at the head
quarters. 436 O'Farrell street. The re
port of the secretary, Levy,
showed that during the past year
$."•707 60 had been expended on the
poor and needy of the city. Many
handsome donations were made by
members of the society, and all the
ladies did much for the relief of those
in distress.
The meeting came to a close when
the following officers were elected to
hold office the ensuing year:
President. Mrs. Henry Wangenheim;
vice president.' Mrs. Louis Goodman;
treasurer. Mrs. Juda Newman; secre
tary, Meyer H. Levy; collector. Da
vid Michel: trustees—Mrs. Henry
Pern ham. Mrs. Joseph Ehrman. Mrs.
F. A. Haber. Mrs. Hugo Rothschild,
Mrs. Henry Sinshcimer and Mrs.
Adolph Stall!.
i RAILWAY TRAVEL.
3 DAYS!
*M LEAVES OAILV AJftoOA M I
|| W IT Hoi rs E.PS' j|
Other Santa Fa Trams:
j 7:30 a. m. 1
i 0:30 a. m. \ For Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfleld.
8:00 p. m. j Merced. Hanford and Visalla.
4:1 Op. m. For Stockton,
t 8:00 p.m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices -041 Market »t. and Ferry Depot.
L San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak
land. Cal.; also 27 South First. San Jose.
CAZADERO, Etc.
!'iSiaWSB»'«SBW ( ¥ Tla Sauaalito Ferry
BUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD OAUGE.
Depart from San FreOMtaca, daily at t7-05
7:45. 8:25. U:10. 1»:50. 11:00 a. m.; 12:20 "iS
3:li. 4:S*\ 5:10, 5:60. 0:30. 7:15. 10:15 and
ll:o5 v. m.
Arrive at San Francisco daily, at t6-40
7:55 h:l5, 8:50. 0:35, 10:5»> a. m.; 12-10 1 Hi'
2 55! 4:25. &:U5. 5:42. 6:22. 6:57. 7:40 and uSe
ji> 111
I Dally rxcept Sunday.
For Fairfax dally, at 7:45 a. m.; also Satur-
I d«os at ":15 p. m.. and daily except Saturday
and Sunday at S:tS r>. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. daily—Cazadero and way stations
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays only—For Cazadero
| etc.
5:15 p.*m. dally, except Saturday and Sun
day for Tornsles, etc.
TICKET OFFICE—O6O Market st
FERRT—Union Depot, foot of Market at
j RAILWAY TRAVEL.
fHHI leave and are da*
tr> arrl re at
/V%SAJ\sAN FRANCISCO.
j (Foot of Market Street >
_M A> N UN E. a «k7TT
( 7 00A »*cviih. winter*. kumaey / S Jo
7.00 a Benlc'.a, F.lmira and Bftcraateato . 7 2 0 0
7 30a Vallejo Napa, t-ellatog*. Santa
Rosa. Martinez. San Rainon 8 230
1 7 50a Nile*. Tracy. Lnthron. stock-0n.... 7 2j a
8 00APhHM» Kiprea.-(VTa Davia,
William*. Willow*, trruio. Ued
i Bluff. Porttaatt, Teeetna 7.508
8 00a Dsvis. Woodland. Knights Lsniitng.
Mary»vll'.»!. OroTllle 7 50»
8.30 a Martlner. AntlocU. Uyron. Tracy.
Stockton. Newman, Lo* Uanos,
Mendota. Arniona, Hanford.
. Vlialla Portorvlllc..... 4.2fJe
8 50a Port Costa. Modesto. Merced.
I Fresno. Goshen Junction. Han
ford. Vlaalla. Bakersfleld . ... 450 a
8-30 a Nlles. San Jose, Llvermore. Stock
toD. (tMtlton). lone. Sucramento.
Marysvllle. Chlco. Had Bluff .... 4 20a
j 8 30a oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. 80
-nor*. Tuolumne and Ana-els ..... 4 20s
9 00a AtlantleExpresi-Ogdenand B*»t. 5 20a
8.50 A Richmond. Martinez and Way
Stations a sos
10 OCA The Orerhind Limited — ogten.
, Omaha, Chicago. Denver, Kansas
i I City 1
10 00a Vallejo'.:";;. — 12 *0S
I 10 00a Lot Angeles Passenger — Port
CosU. Msrtlnes. Byron. Tracy.
Lstbrop. Stockton. Merced.
Ksymond. Fresno. Goshen Junc
tion, Hanford, Lemoore, Vlsalla,
Bskerslleld, Los Angeles..... /-20 a
10 00a El Psso, Kansas City, St. Louis
and Chicago t-XB*
12.00 m Hayward, Nlles and Way Stations. f»
11JJ0P Sacramento River Steamers Tll.Oue
5.30P Benlcls. Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysvllle and Orovllle ■9 22*
S.SOP Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations.. 7 60*
' 330 P Part Costs, Martinez, Byron.Tracy,
I Lathrop, Stockton. Modesto,
Merced, Berenda end Fresno... 12.20 a
4.00 a Martlnez.Ssn Ramon,ValleJo.Napa,
Collatoga. Santa Boas 9 ?2*
4 OOP Nlles. Tracy. Stockton 10 fOA
4 30* Hayward. Nlles, Irving too, San I 18.50 A
Joa». Llvennore ) 111.60 a
B.oop The Owl Limited—Newman, Lot
Banos. Mendota, Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfleld, Los Angeles 8 60*
I.OOP Golden State Limited - El Paso,
Kansas City, St. Louis and
Chicago v2~*'M HP*
t* SOp Hayward, Nlles and Sen Jose 7.20 a
6.00p Hayward. Nlles and San Jose 9 60a
B.OOp Eastern Express—Omens Chicago,
Denver. Kansas City, St. Louis,
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento.
Colfax, Reno, Sparks, MonteUo,
Osden 12.88ai
B.OOP Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I jjAmm
74»P Vallejo, Sunday only f
74J0P Richmond. Baa Pablo, Part Costa,
Martinet and Way Stations 11.MA
7- OOp Reno Passenger—Port Costa, Be
nlcls. Sulsun. Elmlre, Dixon,
Davis. Sacramento, Sparks. Teno
pah, Goldfleld and Keeler 7 80*
8 08p Oregon & California Expraas—Sac
ramento, Maryivllle, Redding,
Portland, Paget Sound end Keel. B.BOA
I B.loa Hayward, Nlles and San Jose (Sua
-1 day only) 11-Bo*
i ' COAST LINE (Harrow Wangs).
: (Foot uf Market Street.)
8- 16A Newark. CenterTille. Baa Jose,
Felton. Bonlder Creek, Bance
Cms and Way Stations B 58a
t2 15p Newark. Centervllle. San Joae,
New Alraaden.Los Gatot.Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Crua and „
Principal Way Stations +1055 a
i 4.18p Newark. Ban Jose, Los Gatos...] 'Ig g'^
a 9 50P Hunters' Train (Sstardsy only)—
. Sen ,)o»e and w»y ststlons i7-26e
COAST LINE (Broa«l 4-aage).
j pr (Third and Townsend Streets.)
: STfOA Sail ,lo«e:inrl Way Stations 8 50a
7.00 a San Jose and Way Stations . 6-40P
8 00a New A'.maden (Tues., Frld.. only). 4.10 a
B OOAThe Coaster—Sen Jose, Salinas.
San Ardo. Palo Koblei. Santa
Margarita, Sau Luis Obispo.
Guadalupe, Gaviota. Santa Bar
hnra. San BuensventuraOxnard,
Bur!>a:ik. I.os Angeles 10 50a
8 00A Gllroy. Holilster. Castroville. Del
Mui.te, Pacific Grove, Surf, Lom
poc 10-50P
B.ooa •>»)< Jose. Trei Plnos.Watsonvllle.
Capltol-i. Keata Cruz, Paelflo
Grove. Salinas. San l.u.s ob!», o
and Prtnclps. Why Station*. ... 4.10 a
10 20a Sen .lose nnd Way Stations 1.20 a
11 itA Si»:i .Tos,e and Way stations 7.30 a
2 15p Son Jose and W*y Stations B 38*
! J.COP Del Hosts Kxr--ess—Santa Clara,
ban Jusr, Wmla on v 111 c. Santa
Cruz. Pel Monte. Monterey,
Pacific G'ove 12 15a
15-OOp Los Gatoi, Writ-lit. Bonlder Creek.
Sanfi Cruz, via Bants Clsrs and
Narrow C-asgc t10.48A
5-30P Valencia Sr.. South Ssu Francisco,
Burllngame. Sea Joae. Gllrey,
Holilster. I re* Plnos 10 48a
4 50pPan doss nnd W*y Stations -ft 00a
tb-CCpSantu Clara, *aa Jose. I.os Gstoi.
ndu prtacirai Wuv buttons tt.GOa
{5 70p :**.UiM-nTf> 49.40 a
144w* Sxiiieet Etprcss.- lledwood. Saa
Joae.Gllroy.Sslliiaa,Haso Robles.
San l.iii» ohlspo. Sautn Barbara.
I.vi Angelas, Denting. Xl Paso,
New Orleans 9 10a
6.45P F.l Psan, Kansas Cltv, St. Loals,
Chleafta 10.50 a
6.45p l'ajuro, Watson vllle, Capitola,
bants Cruz. Caatrovllle, Del
Monte, raclrtc, t.rove 10 30a
18-1 5p >iv MM-o. !;eresford.ltelniont,Ban
Carlea i;edw.od. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tB-48*
6 30p S*n Jnre ami Way Stations 8-58 A
« OOP Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.16 a
11 .30p BKuih SanFrnnclaco. Mllibrae. Bnr
nngame. San Mnteo, 3elmont,
■'ran Carlo*. Kedwoud, Fair Uska,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto tt-46>
oll3op Mnynehl. Mountain View, Sunny
vale, Lawrence, Santa Clars ana
: Ban Jo»e tBL4Ba>
, OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
I .Foot of Market St.)
17.16 a.m. 9.00 a.m. 1100 a.m.
i 100 p.m. 5 00 p.m. 8.11 p.aL
! A lor Morning P for Afternooa,
1 Bnnday excepted t Sunday oalv.
o Safirday only 6 Monday only.
I (Stops at all stations on Sunday.
! CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
; Tlbnroa Perry, root of Market Sragaajß.
SAY rBAl?OXBOO TO SAY m^tx-mA^.
I\EEK DATS—7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a, nx; 1348.
j 3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Tburadaya—Efxtra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:50 p. as.
! 6UNDATS—B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:80. S4*.
! 5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
i BAH RATAEL TO SAY VBAVCXSOO.
. WEEK DATS—6:O6. 7:35, 7:50, 9:20 11US
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40, 6:00. 6:20 p. m.
Saturdays-Extra trip at 2:06 and 8:88 p. an.
! SUNDAYS—B:OO. 9:40. 11:15 a, tn.; 1:40. 8:«E
1 4:06. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect 1 Arrtve
San Fran. | Oct. 2. 190*. | San gISSj
i Week I Sun- ii Destlna- 1 Sun- I Weak
pays. I days. | Uon. [ daya. f Daya.
i "7:30 al 8:00 a 9:10 a S:4O a
9:30 a Ignaclo, 10:4Oal0:2Oa
, 3:30 p' 3:30 p 6:o6|p 6:20>
5:10 p! 5:00 p T:SB p|
I 9:10 aJ 8:40 a
I 8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a U>:3o a
3:3opj 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:05p 6:20*
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
! 5:00 p| Santa Rosa.
Y:3o"ai I 10-40 a 16:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:85 p 6:20*
8:30 p| 3:30 pj
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40al0:t0»
Lytton,
8:30 p 8:80 p Geyserville, 7:85 p 8:S0 ■
Cloverdale.
I al 8:00 a! Hopland 110:40 a 110:20 a
; 3:3 C p| *:30 p| and Uklah. I 7:36 p( 6:20 p
■ 7:30 a! B:Coai Sherwood. j 7:35 pi 6:20 a
fjaOai 8:0O*J " }10:40 ajl0:20 a
: 3:80 pi 3:30 pl Guemevlile : [ 7:35 p| 6:20 p
i 8:(0 at Sor.oma |9:10al 8:40 a
I 6:10 pi 5:00 p! Glen Ellen. ( 6:05 p| 6:20 p
!" 7 ::;o a" 8:«> «•) 110:40 a 110.20 a
, 3:30 pi 3::i0pl Sebastopol. 1 7:35 p| 6:20 9
I STAtfES connect at Green Brae for Saa
; Quentln- at Santa Roaa for White Sulphur
bprings and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
I Lytton Sj rlnss; at Geyserville for Skagga
Springs: at cloverdale for the Geysere. Boone
ville and Gre--nwood: at Hopiat.d for Duncan
Bming*. Highland SiTings. Kelseyvtlle, Carls
bad Sprints. Soda Bay, i.akeport. Bartlett
Springs and I-ake County Hot Springs; at
I'kiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs.
* Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Witter Springs,
j Upper Lake, Fomo. Potter Valley, John Day'a.
i Kiv*rs:de. Llerly'a, llucknell s, Sanhedrln
Heights, Hullvtlle, Orr's Hot Springs, Halfway
House, Ccniptche, Hopkins, Mendocino City,
Fo-t Bragg, Westport and Usal; at Wllllts Tor
Fort Bragg. Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Canto. Covelo. Lay ton vllle. Cummings.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Hubbard. Frultland.
Dy«r, Garberville. Camp 5. Pepperwood. Scotia -
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tlcketa at re
; duc-d rates.
On Sunday--Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlce. C5O Market street. Chronicle
: building.
JAS. U FRAZIER. R. X. :.TAN.
Gen. Manager. <:»n. Pa«s Agt.
Mt, Tamalpais ißailway
" It. Saal Franc,«co I j_ ir. San Fnuseisrs
IfTilaT* - SundsTs" 1 s '' nd »7 > | w k- n »J«3
TT .. .. "8:25 a fßtaStSSsnli t:AOp *id:5OA
0-sOa fiOA BY j a:ssp
i:4ii'r 1:45 pl ! 6:2«p *6:112'p
"laTurdiTS 4:35p Satardajt 11:19 a
'Ti» Rrtrity Oar T Mt Taaialaaii to Mill Taaaj
I riCUT 1650 Market St.,(North Shore Railroad)
• tfflflsS } and Sausauto Fkrey, Foot aUikct SO.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
* w
Local Stocks continue to sell well.
Wall-street Stocks generally lozver. Cotton higher.
Silver higher. Exchange rates shozv little variation.
Wheat and Barley Futures higher, and Cash Barley also.
Oats and Rye firm and Com also quoted stronger.
Bran, Middlings and Rolled Barley advanced. Hay weak.
No further change in Beans or Seeds.
Prices for Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables well maintained.
Butter higher and very scarce. Eggs also advanced.
Poultry and Game markets quoted firm.
Fruit market well supplied and dull.
Provisions sluggish here and in the East.
Wool selling at higher prices than last year.
Another advance in Grain Bags.
Wine Exports In 1904.
The following shown the exports of wine
■ from Saa Francisco by sea In December,
1904:
'■ To— Gallons. Caaea. Values.
Hawaiian Islands .. 65.261 261 $26,200
TahiU 4.584 8 1,647
. Japan 8,114 1 8,302
China 5.146 1 1,517
Mexico 7,701 38 3.107
Cehtral America.. 8,478 58 3,971
Panama 7,784 ... 4 172
South America. 1.454 2 "711
British Columbia. 1.540 34 617
'England , 438 93 648
New York 778,099 5 260,470
Elsewhere 480 3 263
Totals 879,004 486 $296,500
In December, 1908, the exports were 673,983
gsJlar.s and 670 coses, valued at $231,251.
The monthly shipments from San Francisco
by sea In 1904 were as follows:
Months — Gallons. Cases. Values
January 790,682 014 $270,821
February 819 426 427 111,743
•March 483,069 406 156,878
April 487,470 419 158.854
May 429,416 344 140,519
June 542.425 472 190.438
July 356,979 426 123.102
August 855,799 817 120,900
; September ~1,006.066 246 847,657
October 640.274 516 231.630
November 906,936 331 807.215
December 879,064 4SS 296.620
Totals 7,095.496 5094 $2,461,172
The total shipments by sea In 1903 were
7,080,806 gallons and 5447 cases, valued at $2,
--481,292. New York took the lion's share of
the shipments last year, over 6,000,000 gallons
going to that port, and the Hawaiian Islands
took over half a million gallons.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 25.—Close: Money on
call, steady, 1%@2 per cent; closing bid, 1%;
offered at 2 per cent.
Time loans, slightly firmer, 60 and 90 daya,
'• 8. per cent; six months, 3%(93%.
Prime mercantile paper, 3%(gH% per cent.
• Sterling exchange, ateady. with actual busi
ness In bankers' bills at $4.8775@4.87S for de
. mand and at $4.854®4.855 for sixty-day bills.
Posted rates. $4 86 and $4 88%.
Commercial bills. $4 85%«f4 85%.
Bar silver. 61 %c.
.Mexican dollars, 47% c.
Government bonds, steady; railroad bonds,
. heavy.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.—The weakness of
' stocks, which became more pronounced to-day,
•wis doubtless attributable to the uncertain
outlook in Russia, but the effect waa not pro
duced directly through the usual channels. In
fact, London bought here during the early
' ; a:;t of the day almost as freely as it sold
bn Monday. The tone of the foreign markets
generally also reflected a relaxation of the
y acute anxiety over the situation in Russia, and
■the point of view adopted was indicated by
the circulation of a rumor that advances were
making toward mediation between Russia and
• Japan as a consequence of the embarrassments
of the Russian Government at home. This
foreign influence and the demand to cover
shorts from the late sellers of yesterday gave
the upward Impulse to prices at the opening.
A tendency has been noticeable on the part of
professional traders to put out a line of ehort
contracts late In the day on the supposition
• that unexpected events over night would be
likely to favor the bear side. With the open
ing of the following day's market and with
affairs In Bt. Petersburg apparently better tnan
worse, the market has been strong in the
early dealings. But with the better basis of
prices afforded by tha opening advance to-day
there was aoma Important speculative liqui
• datlon. This was believed to come largely
■from Western sources and from the great
steel centers on the part of operators who
ware responsible for the large transactions of
laet week on the long side of the market. While
• no. positively unfavorable news became known
to' account for the speculative liquidation, it
was thought probable that It had been decided
by those who had entered on the Speculation
:that no considerable public Interest could be
expected in the market while affairs In Russia
continued In so uncertain a state. With pros
• pects poor for an advance In prices, ft seemed
to be considered the part of wisdom to lighten
holdings. The lull In the activity of the In
terior freight movement made an Impression
on senUment, and this was reinforced to-day
by the sharp falling off in gross earnings for
the third week in January as reported by the
Missouri Pacific. The decline in net earn
ings for the Wabash for December was ef
fective in the same direction. The very heavy
dimensions reached by the gold export move
ment to-day was a chilling influence on specu
lative sentiment, the more so as the movement
has no defined limit In sight. It is evident
that Paris regards Its large, holdings of Rus
sian securities as requiring the fortifying of its
gold reserve to an Important extent. The dis
pute among the railroads over export grain
rates aa between the Atlantic and the gulf
ports came In for some consideration, and
favorable action by a Congressional committee
. upon a proposed investigation of the United
States Steel Corporation weighed upou Its
securities. The gold outgo enured a firmer
♦one for time loans, hut the premium on New
York exchange at Chicago rose sharply. Indi
cating available source for still further re
plenishing the local money supply. The demand
to cover from the day's short sellers was sufil
. -dent to efteet a material rally, and the clos
ing was firm at recoveries from the extreme
declines.
. Bonds were heavy. Total sales, par value,
$5,166,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
New York Stock List.
' E. F. Hutton A Co., 490 California street,
San Francisco, members of the New York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
quotations of that exchange:
Ask.
.91.900
' "ifto
BOO
* i'.ooo
idama Express .
Lmalr Copper .
Lin Can Co
Do pfd
an Car * Fy Co
Do pfd
jn Cotton Oil..
Do pfd
.m Dist Tel
,m Express ...
m Or Twine Co
m Hide A L.,
Do pfd j
American loa
Do pfd
82"
91%
84 !
'To j
l itk
I 01%!
88%
I
91
33%
71%
10%
60%
31%
91%
34
97
39
"wo
1
12*'
i
11
9%
47%
8%
11
12
9%
48
6%
. - 2061
400
2no
47%
8
35%
18
92
33
Do
«%
■ 2,8001
m Linseed
Do pfd ........
......
91%
83
10
92%
33%
106
7%
2,O0Oj Do pfd
200jAm Malt
200 Do pfd
6,400 Am Sm * Rf Co
2.400 Do pfd
13,100 Am Sugar
Do pfd
Urn Tel & T Co.
2,2001 Am Tob pfd
700 Am Woolen ....
( Do .pfd
600:Anaconda
.......'Ann Arbor
........ I Do Pfd
. ii,r.oo)A Tsfll"
4,000 Do pfd
10,400 Bait & Ohio
100 Do pfd J
19,800 B R T
Brook Un Oaa...
Brims D A I....
]Butterick Co ..,
•. Canada Southern
6,300fCanadlan Pacific
6.900C & O
iC & A
"ioo Do pfd".'.
l.eoo c & a w
.* Do pfd A
200 Do pfd B
Do deba . ?...
4,400 C & N W
• 26,300 C M & St P
..' Do pfd
62,800 C R I & P (new).
1 400 Do pfd
Do 4a .
1.900]Chlcago Torm ..
4,9001 Do pfd
700|Chicago Un Trac
W\
1
106%
'86"
|'ii%
7
25%
! 83%
115%
138%
1 /
84%
89
'©8%
.....
104%
31
62-
85%
99%
1101%
«
92% 93%
104% 105
31 85
62- 66
85% 85%
99% 99%
101%: 101%
98 97-
59% 59%
204 210
11% 11%
60 63
08 70
181% 131%
47% 48
41 41%
80 83
22% 23%
66%! 07
32% I 83%
85% 86
221 221%
172% 172%
85 89
34% 35
7!»%. 80%
83 84
14%! 1R
25%I 26
11% 12
7
2.".
48%
"so"
21%
'859
!•:•••
Do pro
1,600 C C C & Bt L..
Do pfd
Cleve Lor A W..
C
Do
93% j
92%
Do pfd
6,800 Colo Fuel A Iron
Do pfd
700 Coium 11 C & 1...
1,200 Colorado So
200 Do 1st pfd
Do 2d pfd
2,700iConsol Gas
|Con Tob pfd ...
400 Corn Products ..
400 Do pfd
1,100 Del & Hudson...
IOOiD LAW
D A R G
100 Do pfd
Dei M & Ft D..
Detroit Un Ry ..
Detroit So .....
600! Do pfd
l,700!Dlstll Secur
Do bonds ....
1,300'Duluth S S A A.
l,400j Do pfd
64.300!Erie
14.7001 Do 1st pfd ...
8,000 Do 2d pfd
E A T H
Do pfd
Gen Chem pfd...
2.700iGen Electric
(Great No pfd....
4,800 Green Cons Cop..
Havana Tob Co
I Do pfd
iHocking Val ...
i Do pfd
8,300 Illinois Central .
1.000 Inter Paper
Do pfd
Inter Power .....
Inter Pump ....
600 Do pfd
Iowa Central ..
Do pfd
600 KC FtS A M pfd
8O0 Kans City So ...
1.300 Do pfd
I Keokuk ADM..
(Laclede Gas pfd.
lOOiLake E & West.
Do pfd
;Long Island
6.2001L. & X
2\6O0|Manhattan . . . .
iManllattan Bch .
2,700 Met. Securltie ..
1.800|Met. St. Kv
7afJ0|Mexican Central.
...~.IMlnn St. L
Do 1st pfd ...;
1,200 M St P A S S M
400! Do pfd
2,800 Mo Kan A Tex..
2,500i Do pfd !
10.000 Missouri Pac ...
IXash Chat A StL
400'National Lead ..]
600j Do pfd
lOOjNat RR Mex pfd
lOOiNatisnal Biscuit.
I Do pfd'
700:New Jersey On.
400 .V Y Air Brake. .
16,200 N Y Central .. .
- IN Y C & StL ...
..£....( Do 1st pfd
I Do 2nd pfd ..
|N Y Dock
200|N Y N H A Hart
e.lOOjN Y Ont & W...|
1,900! Nor & West
10O » Do pfd
700 North Amer
,. Nor Securities ..
Omaha
I Do pfd
IO S L 4'b
300'Paciflc Coast ...
Do 1st pfd
I Do 2nd pfd ..
l.S00;pacific Mail
45.100 Pen n R R Co
3.200! Peoples Gas
Pere Marquette .
P C C A ST L..
I Do pfd
700: Pressed Steel Car
100! Do pfd
Pullman Car Co.
1,400'Ry Steel SprgsCo
I Do pfd
110,600 Reading
000| Do 1st pfd
! Do 2d pfd ....
1,300| Republic SAL.
SOOj Do pfd
700 Rubber Goods ..
2.0001 Do pfd
100'Sloss S S A I Col
....... Do pfd
St J A G I J
Do 1st pfd
........I Do 2nd pfd ...
100 StL & SF 1st pfd
400| Do 2d pfd ...
lOOjSt L & S W ...
1.500| Do pfd
64,800 Southern Pac ..
3,500) Do pfd
22,200i Southern Ry ...
400 Do pfd
'Standard Oil ...
j Standard RAT
6,300Tenn Coal A I.
Texas P L T Co
l.fiOO'Texas Pacific ..
Third Avenue ..
100 Toledo R A T Co
200 Toledo St L A W
SOOj Do pfd
Twin City R T
Do pfd
300iUnion Bag A P.
j Do Pfd
113,000'Union Pacific ..
100 Do pfd
Do conv 4s ...
'United Copper ..
100 United R of S F
Do pfd
Do 4s
1,700 U S Cast Iron P
300 Do pfd
U S Express ...
8,100 U 8 Leather . ..
800 Do pfd
U S R A Con pfd
800tU S Rubber ...
400 Do Pfd
64,800 U S Steel Cor...
86.600 Do pfd
fiOOjVa-Car Chem Co
Do pfd
800 Wabash
2,500 Do pfd
Do deb Bs
(Wells Fargo Ex.
800;Western Union..
1 Ol 1 H'.i,-* I v. V. ....
.....
'«%
is"
24
01%l
ii"
14%
23%
61%
198
14%
24
62
23«
61
36%
197%
130
17%
72
.....
! _ 74
181%|
335%
85*" I
1 1
84%
30
84%
23
77%!
8%
31%
88
80
15%
33%
41%
32
85
I 27
i 76%
I 0
34
30
81
! 15%
j 33%
j 71
0%|
83
36
8%l
::i %
34%
15%
32%
40%
78%'
62%
16
33%
41%
79%
64 %
69'
85
1183%
|.....
'25%j'25"
-TO .,
28%
33
41
87
90
44
88
92
(154
j SH
07
j 39
! 88%
I 30
i 8 -
29
59
17
1100
! 40
102
I l«
188
I I 2
76
115%
I 23
61
( 90
j 94
1156
M%
I 65
|100
(143
I 2r.%
98%
I 41%
I 66
1117
19.<%
!
| 154%ll52%j
j
j'88^j'8i%|
82 81%
29% 28%
59%! 57%
iS8 |134%j
jll>9% 168%
|'76%l'75%
;116%!115%|
j 22% 21%
■98% 'v»2%|
'i.-.i% i.-ot,
1 31% 80%
' 65% 84%i
166% 104%
i'25% 24%
\ 88% 98%
41 I 41
j 65%( 55
(194 "'{92%
14S% l47
143% 141%
115
I 38
I 87%
I 29
81 %
28%
68%
13
90
37 I
93
I 57 !
1.34% I
168% I
1 75%
11:.',
! 22%
I 64
88%
(149
I 31
. 04%
(104%
! Bt
j 40% I
65%
|116 I
ttt%
|146
M*%
i 44
118
76
20
I 45
1120
I 76%
I 21
■■1 L-t::
92
98
43%
77%
95
1100
1150
182
I 98 I
!
I
i 80%
1T6
196
108
80
MM
88
42
81
107
85%
42%
135%
1
143
136%
' if*;--.
|135 I
105%
! I
36"
88%
33%
86%;
92 j
35
88%
I
I 32'4
"§?%
i 01% I
r»n
67%
25%
94
60
96
75
102
35
88%
78'
'85%
89
5%
n 1
8.V-,
62
85 I
15%!
I 33
I 9*
I 85%
93
86
15%
69
25%
96
60%
105
17%
59
29
i i?
24%
59%
65V4
118%
33%
97
I
16% j
68%:
26
94
I 61
1 ■ 1
I.
!76%
! «>%!
!'76
j 70
94
CO 14
101
16
AO
23
76
69%:
241,
59 %
66 I
117%
J 60%
; 65%
ill8%
33%
I 9T
11
!
69%
'33%'
'«%
52"
res"
'22%!
'61% I
67''
OS !
32% J
120
22%
34%
52
108 i
67
98
70
110%
97%(
"?;t
21
67%
: 2%
68%
38%
33
1.10
22%
35
52%
"es"
99
1
ii7%
1 1
ub"
99
71
116%
i5?8
8
2:;',
84%
12C
12%
101%
23"
84
, w
34"
41
41
67
100 Westlnghouse • •
Do 1st >pfd ...
W & L B
800 Do 1st pfd ...
Do 2d pfd ...
Wisconsin Cen..
Do pfd
''' 800
isii
i
I
848.200—Total shares sold.
New York Bonds.
U 8 ref 2s reg. .104%|Japan 6e. cert 07%
Do coupon. 104%il & X unified" 4a.102%
Do 3a re* 1««% Man con gold 4a.106%
Do coupon 104%|Mex Central 4a... 74%
Do new 4s rag. 130%j Do Ist Inc 23%
Do coupon 131 %jMinn A Bt L 4a.. 90%
Do old 4s reg.los%|M. X A Texas 45.100%
Do coupon. 106% i Do 2ds 87
Amer Tob 4s. oert 73% iN Rot Mcx con 4a 87%
Do Bs. cert... 411 %|n V C gen 3%e.400
Atch gen 4s 103% ix J C gen 5a..: .185
Do adj 4s 93%|Nor Pacific 4a 105%
Atlantic C L 4a. 101 j Do 3s i.. 77%
Bait A Ohio 4a..104%!N0r A W con .4*403
Do 3%s 94%|0" S D refdg 4a... 97%
Central of Oa 6s. 113% Pa cony 3%s 108
Do Ist mo 91 Reading gen 45... 109%
Do 2d Inc C 9 |s L. A I M con 6a. 118
Chea A Ohio 4%5.108% S L A S F fg 4s. 90%
Chi A Alton 3%a. 82 I St L X W con 4s. 82%
C, B A Q new is. 100%' Seaboard A L. 4s. 87%
C, R I A Pac 4s. 81% |So Pacific 4a 96%
Do col 6s 95%;50 Railway 5s 119%
C.C.C A SLgn 45.102%1Tex A Pao 15t5..120%
Cal Term 4s 97%!T01. 8t L A W 4a. 84
Colo Midland 4a.. 74%|Pnion Pacific 45..104%
Colo A So 45.... 92%i Do cony 4a 116
Cuba 6s. cert loeuju 8 Steel 2d 6a.. 93%
Den A Rio O 4e.lol%|Wabash lsts 119
Dist Securities 5s 70%: Do deb B 87%
Erie prior lien 4s. 101 %|Western Md 45... 92%
Do gen 4s 91%[W A D Erie 45... 95%
F W A D C lsts.lll I Wis Central 45... 91%
Hpck Val 4%5..410%l
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 25| Little Chief 08
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 26, 1905.
Alto* 15'Onteno • • • 875
Breece ..; 20jOphlr 6 50
Bruna Con 10j Phoenix 11
Com Tunnel .... 09!Potosl 18
Con Cal A Va... 1 85! Savage 36
Horn Sliver 1 55ISlerra Nevada 44
Iron Silver 2 00' Small Hopes 39
Leadvllle Con 02 Standard 2 00
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— TJ g steel. 28%
Call loans 2%<88% Do pfd 92
Time loans 8 CH Westing Common. 88
Bonds'— Mining—
Atchison 4s 102% iAd venture 6
Do adj 4a 86 lAUoues 18%
Mcx Central 4a.. 78 |Amal Copper .... 71%
Railroads— Amer Zfno 12
Atchison 85 I Atlantic 18
Do pfd 99% Bingham 29%
Boston A Albany. 256 (Calumet * Heel a. 600
Boston & Maine. 174 'Centennial 19%
Boston Blev 154 Ifonper Range ... 64%
Fitchburg pfd 144 Daly West 16
Mcx Central 21%;1>0m Coal 00%
N T. N H A H..200 iFranklln 10
Pere Marquette... 95 iGranby 8
Union Pacific*. 110% isle Royals 23%
Miscellaneous— (Mass Mining .... 9%
Amer Arge Chem. 19 Michigan 10%
Do pfd 86%! Mohawk 61
Amer Pneu Tube. 4% Mont Coal A Coke 4%
Amer Sugar 139%|01d Dominion ... 25%
Do pfd 188 | Osceola 90%
Amer Tel A Tel. 142%! Parrot 2T
Amer Woolen ... 20%'Qulncy JOB
Do pfd 92%[Shannon 7%
Dom Iron AS... lfl%lTamarack 122
Ed Elect 11ium..252 (Trinity . 7%
Mass Electric 15 U S Mining 21%
Do pfd 58 |U 9 Oil 10%
Mass Gas 38%' Utah 40%
United Fruit 105 (Victoria 4%
Un Shoe Mach... 70 IWlnona 10%
Do pfd 33%' Wolverine 105
London Closing Stocks. *
Cons money 88 3-16 IN T Central 146%
Do acet 89%' Nor A Western;.. 80
Anaconda 5%' Do pfd 04%
Atchison 88 V Ont AeWestern... 44%
Do pfd 102%! Pennsylvania 69%
Bait A Ohio 104% Rand Mines 11
Can Pacific 135%'Readlng 43%
Ohe ß & Ohio 49% |Do Ist pfd 48%
Chi Great West.. 22%! Do 2d pfd 48%
Chi. Mil A St P. 178 (So Railway T?4
De Beers 18 t Do pfd 90
Den & Rio 0.... 32 iSo Pacific 66%
Do pfd 77%jUnion Pacific 110%
Erie 42%( Do 100
Do Ist pfd 81%|U S Steel 80
Do 2d pfd 64H1 Do pfd 96%
Tl! Centra! 158%!Wabash 22
Louis A Nash 142%' Do pfd 44
M X A Texas... 32 ISpanlsh 4s 89%
Bar sliver—Firm; 28 8-16 d per ounce.
Money—l%£2 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2 7-16 per cent and for three
months' bills 2% per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 26.—T0-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption shows: Avail
able cash balance $135,893,614, gold $54,116,067.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 25.—COTTON—Futures
I opened firm. January. C.sßc: February, 6.00 c;
: March. 6.69 c; April. 6.70 c; May, 6.78 c; June,
• 6.52 c: July. 6.56 c; August. 6.90 c.
Futures closed firm. January 6.70 c; Feb
ruary. 6.72 c; March, 6.78 c; Apri.l, 6.90 c; May,
6.84 c; June. 6.90 c: August, e.92c.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK. Jan. 2.l—FLOUß—Receipts, j
14.400 barrels: exports, 5500 barrels. Dull and
unchanged.
WHEAT—Receipts. 975. Spot firm. No. i
i 2 red. nominal elevator at $1 20% f. o. b. !
; afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. fl 26% f. o.
b. afloat. Options were firm all day and
higher on better cables, bull support at Chl
! cago, prospects for smaller Western receipts
. and covering. Last prices showed %o%c ad
vance. Ma v. $1 14%«fl 15%. closed $1 15%;
: July. $1 (,2 1)-10@1 02%, closed. SI 02%.
i HOFS—Steadv. State, common to choice
j 19" 4 crop. 211016 c: 1003 crop. 30083 c; olds,
14016 c; Pacific Coast. 1004 crop, 29015 c; 190:1
crop 29082 c: olds, 14010 c. -
1 HlDES—Quiet,
i WOOL—Firm.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
SUOAR—Raw barely steady; refined quiet.
COFFEE —Spot Rio nominal. No. 7 Invoice,
i B%c; mild, quiet. There was very active liqui
dation in the market for coffee futures to-day,
; and the market sustained a heavy loss. The 1
j opening was to a decline of 6 i
l points, and during the early trading was quiet ;
i and about steady, in keeping with the Euro- i
; pean cables. Sales. 190.750 bags. The close |
was steady, 20 to 25 points net lower. Feb
ruary. 7.0507.10 c; March. 7.1507.40 c; May.
7.4007.66 c; July 7.6507.90 c; September, 7.900
8.05 c; December. 808.30 c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES—The market Is
firmly held, with reports from the Interior In
i dicatlng strong views among first hands. Com- !
mon are quoted at 405% c; prime, 5%05%c;
choice, s%tgt:c, and fancy at 6%5)7c,
PRUNES —Show no change, with quotations
ranging from 2c to 5%c, according to grade.
APRICOTS—Are said to be in very small
supply, and consequently show a firmness of
tone that is not entirely in accord with the ,
; moderate demand. Choice are quoted at 100
10% c; extra choice, 11012 c; fancy, 12015 c.
PEACHES—Are in much the same position.
; with choice quoted at 9%c; extra choice, 10%
| ©10% c; fancy, 11%®12c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.—There was a moderate
' advance in the London tin market, with spot
i closing at .£l3O 15s and futures at £130 ss.
1 Locally the market showed a little steadier
i tone, but demand was quiet. Bpot tin is quot
ed at ?29 25029 75. *
Copper was a shade easier on spot In the
j London market, closing at £67 15s, whilo
I futures were unchanced at £67 17s 6d. Lo
i caily the market developed no fresh feature
and" the general run of producers waa very
: firm In their views. Some dealers claim, that
; Lake copper can be had around 15.37% c, but
! price* are generally held at 15.50 c; electrolytic
!Is quoted at 15.37%015.50c, and casting at
i 15.00*15.25 c.
Lead was unchanged at 4.4504.55 c in the
' local market but was a little easier abroad,
i closing at £12 12s 6d.
Spelter was firm at 6.2006.30 c locally. Lon
! don was also unchanged, closing at £24 17b 6d.
Iron closed at 53s 9d In Glasgow and at 18s .
jll %d in Middlesboro. Locally the market was
I unchanged. No. 1 foundry northern Is quoted
!at $17 50017 95; No. 2 foundry northern at
$17 50; No. 1 foundry southern and do soft at
$17 75018.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Jan. 25.—Throughout the day the i
situation In Russia was a source of uneasi- |
ness in the wheat pit. At the opening of trad- t
Ing evidence of a lessened movement in grain |
to market In the Northwest helped send the |
price of wheat up %®% to %o%c. the Inl- '
Ual quotation being $1 15%0l 16%. The
firmness that pervaded the market had a more
aubstantial basis in buying by commission j
houses. The purchases were generally gauged j
ta apply against sales made by a leading
short interest. In all It Is said that over
million bushels of May wheat were covqjsra 1
for this account. Except for a momentary j
wavering at the start when offerings of long |
lines at the advance caused the May option to
ease off to $1 1501 15%. decidedly more than i
merely adequate support was afforded the .
market by shorts, who haatened to follow the .
example of the larger interests. May ad
vanced to $1 15%01 16%, and closed firm at |
$1 15%.
Corn waa Arm. but trade waa dull. May
started a shade higher at 44% c and cloaed
firm at 45%045'/»c.
Oata were steady, though dull. May closed
%@%c up to 30%031c.
A strong market for live hogs gave provi
sions a firm start, with prices up 2%05c. The
close showed a loss on May pork of 2 %'a ."»••; i
lard and ribs were down 2%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close, j
Whtat No. 2—
May 1 15% 1 15% 1 15% 1 15%,
July 98% 98% 98% 98%
Corn No. 2—
January 42% 42% 42% 42%
May 44% 45% 44% 45%
July 45% 45% 45% 46%
Oats No. 2—
January 80%
May 80% 81 80% 81
July 30% 30% 80% 30%
Mesc Pork, per barrel —
January 12 82%
May 13 00 13 12% 18 00 18 05
Lard, per 100 lbs-
January ; :. 6 87%
May 7 12% 7 12% 706 7 07%
July 7 25 7 25 7 17% 7 20
Short ribs, per 100 lbs-
January 667 % 6 67% 6 67% 6 67%
May 695 6 97% 6 87 % 690
; July 706 705 700 7 02%
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Jan. 25.—Cash quotation* were
aa followa: Flour, ateady; No. 2 eprlng wheat,
■: $1 1101 15; No. 8. $101 15; No. 2 red, $1 170
1 18%; No. 2 corn. 48c; No. 2 yellow, 43% c;
i No. 2 oata. 30%©30% c; No. 2 white, 31 %0
' 32% c; No. 3 white. 3O081%c; No. 2 rye, 75c;
i good feeding barley, 37c; fair to choice malt>
: Ing, 43048 c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 15; prime tlm-
I othy seed, $202 75; mess pork, .per barrel.
! $12 80012 86; lard, per 100 lbs, $6 87%; short
ribs sides (loose), $6 5006 75; short ctear sides
(boxed), $6 62%0« 87%: whisky, basis of high
wines. $1 23; clover, contract grade, $12 50.
Articles— Receipts. Shipment*.
Flour, barrels 32,700 30,500
Wheat, bushels 122.900 124,700
Corn, bushels 559.100 120.100
cats, bushels 216,000 94,800
Rye. bushels 1.000 3,900
Harley, bushels 125,400 U.'jOO
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO Jan, 26.—0n the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market wa* steady;
creameries. 19029 c; dairies, 18024 c; eggs. Arm
at mark. 20025 c; cheese, steady to firm,
11012 c. _______
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Chicago. %
CHICAGO, Jan. 25. —OATTLE—Receipts,
18.000; strong. Good to prims steers. $5 660
6 10; poor to medium. $3 9696 50: stockers
and feeders, $2 30®4 15; cows, $1 2694 40;
heifers, $208: canners, $1 2592 55; bulla, $2 10
©3 90; calves, $2 7507.
HOGS—Receipts 30.000: to-morrow, 26,000;
market 6910 c higher. Mixed and butchers',
$4 5094 86; good to choice heavy, $4 8694 96;
rough heavy, $4 6504 80; light. $4 6604 75;
bulk of sale*. $4 750 4 90.
SHEEP— Receipts. 18.000; sheep, strong:
lambs, weak. Good to choice wethera, 84 950
6 65; fair to choice mixed, $404 86; Western
sheep, $4 350 5 60: native lambs, $5 7697 63;
Western lanfys, $5 750 7 65.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Jan. 36—CATTLE—
Receipts, 7000; steady to strong. Native
steers, $3 7095; native cows and heifers, $1 76
94 50: stockers and feeders, 82 7604 25; hulls,
$2 2503 75; calves, $306 50; Western fed
steers, $3 5006 25; Western fed cow*. $20
8 76.
HOGS—Receipts 16,000; market 6c higher.
Bulk of sales, $4 7004 87%; heavy. $4 8604 96:
packers, $4 7004 87%; pigs and light, $4 100
4 75.
SHEEP —Receipts, 6000; steady. Muttons,
$4 2696 60; lambs, $6©7 50; rang* wethers,
$5 25©6 60; fed ewe*. $4 2508 25.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Jan. 25. —CATTLE—Re-
ceipts, 8695; active, strong. Native steers,
$6 6006 75- cows and heifers. $2 7604 28;
canners, $102 50: stockers and feeder* $2 600
4 10; calves. $305 75; bulls and stage, $20
8 66.
HOGS—Receipts, 10.000; active, 60 higher.
Heavy, $4 7004 SO; mixed, 84 6604 70; light,
$4 6004 70; pigs, $3 0604 40; bulk of sales,
$4 6504 75.
SHEEP—Receipts, 8000; heavy. Western
yearlings, $5 5006 35; wethers, $505 60; ewea,
$4 5005 60; lambs, $6 50©7 60.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening 71% 7 % 7 %
Closing 7 1% 7% 7%
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. May-Aug.
Opening 23 60 24 66
Closing 23 55 24 60
Opening - 80 65 31 75
Closing 30 60 31 60
London Wool Sales.
I4ONDON, Jan. 25—The offerings at tha
wool auction sales to-day numbered 12,667.
This large quantity nai well absorbed by
Continental and home buyer* Weakness was
noted occasionally in fine greasy owing to
slackened demand from Americans. Scoureds
as a rule were firm, well grown crossbreds
selling readily. Coarse grades were 6 per
cent easier. Cape of Good Hope and Natal
scoured sold briskly, but greasy waa occa
sionally withdrawn.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 25.—WOOL—Nominal.
Medium grades ant combir.g and clothing,
23024 c: light flne. L8022%c; heavy line, 140
18c, tub-washed, 27 s i"4lc.
Northern \\ beat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Jan. 23 — Wheat—Walla Wal
la, 83c; bluestem 88c; valley, 87c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 25.—Wheat unchanged; blue
stem, 90c; club, 85c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Jan. 25.—Clearings, $674,654;
balances, #21 1,488.
TACOMA, Jan. 25.—Clearings, $432,483; bal
ance:., 6*4,666.
PORTLAND. Jan. 25. —Clearings, $555,817;
balances. *4.:,101.
SPOKANE. Jun. 25—Clearings, $336,653;
balances, $67,336.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver advanced %C
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days. .$4.85%© —
, Sterling Exchange, sight 4.87M504.8525
Sterling Exchange, cables 4.BB'i© —
' New York Exchange, sight 07%© —
I New York Exchange, telegraphic 10 if —
Silver, per ounce 61 %9 —
I Mexican Dollars 47%©. —
I INTERNATIONAL.
I New York on I'aris 6.14
i New Yoik OB Mexico 2t>2
j Paris on London - 25.13%
' Berlin on London 2u.44%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT—The foreign markets were firm,
! with more Inquiry. Chicago was %c higher,
i The Chicago letter of E. F. Hutton & Co. said:
"The improvement in the cash situation,
coupled with indications of falling off in re
ceipts in the Northwest, helped bullish senti
ment. Kamas City reporting that their re
ceipts Indicate a cleaning ui> of country houses.
1 Excellent Flour sales in this market. Mlnne
! apoiis and Kansas City, and the activity of
millers In primary markets and better Flour
demand by Southeastern dealers, all contrlb
' uted to the' change of sentiment. The action
,of the market in maintaining it* level above
! yesterday's close is significant. It suggests
| the inability of the short sellers to force any
further decline and rather indicates a desire
jon their part at least to reduce their com
mitments. The bearish feeling prevailing In
the trade has been altogether too unanimous
and one-sided and has created a large /hort
interest, which will continue as a prop under
the market."
This market was considerably improved. The
cash grain was- very firm, while futures ad
vanced on the morning session, with an
active business and a bullish feeling among
operators.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. 1 5001 52%; California
Whla? Australian, $1 62%©1 06; Northern
! club. $1 &2%«jl 55; Northern Bluestem,
i $1 05@1 eey*: Northern R»d. $1 47% per ctl.
FUTURES,
■asiinn '•> to 11:80 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 47' isl 48% $1 47% $1 48%
December ... 1 31% 1 31% 1 31% I 31%
2 p. m. session.
May—sl 48%.
December—No sales; $1 31% bid, $1 32 aaked.
BARLEY —The market for cash grain was
higher yesterday and very firm at the advance,
with sales of 200 tons spot and several lots
ito arrive at $1 20. Busintss is not active
i here, but a large exporting house la reported
I buying freely In the country, presumably for
the two steamers now heading this way to
i load tor the Orient. All interests report Bar
i ley more or less scarce and the situation is
! decidedly in favor of holders.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 17%@1 20; Brewing and Shipping,
|$1 2o©l 22%; Chevalier. $1 2001 25 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
i May $1 19% $1 20% $1 19% $1 20%
j December—No sales; 90% c hid. 970 asked.
2\P- m. session.
r May—No sales.
! December—96%c.
OATS—Continue very firm, with a good de
i roand. and no seller will let go under full
1 figures. Stocks and receipts continue light,
i White. $1 4501 67%; Surprise, $1 56@1 60;
Red for feed $1 47%01 52% for No. 1 and
$1 40© I 45 for No. 2; choice, for seed, $1 50
©1 65; Black, $1 3501 46 for feed and $1 50©
1 65 for seed: Eastern White, $1 42%01 45
per ctl. '
CORN—Dealers are again quoting a firmer
| range of price* Receipts continue confined
largely to Western. 2000 ctls of which came
In yesterday. Small round yellow is very
scarce and is mainly held by one dealer, who
la asking a high price for it.
Western sacked, $1 2501 32% for new Yel-
I low and White and $1 2501 80 for Mixed;
I California large Yellow. $127%9132%;
i small round do $1 85; White, $t 2601 30;
! Egyptian, $1 8501 37% for White and $1 17%
I©l 20 for Brown.
RYE—sl 4501 50 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—SI 7501 85 per ctl.
Flour and Farinaceous Goods.
One ot the American Consul* In England
writes: "The Fli>ur milling industry of Eng
land Is now especially prosperous. On ao
couut of the comparatively low price of Rus
sian and Indian Wheat as compared with that
ot the United States, millers are able to mix
It with Canadian Wheat and thus beat out
American competition In Flour. Liverpool is
row the second largest Flour milling center in
the world. Wheat has been carried the past
season from Montreal to Liverpool at the ex
tremely low rate of 67c a ton. that figure being
lower than the British farmer could get it
railed from his country station to the mill."
FLOUR—California Family Extras, $4 80©
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 7006;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $404 60
per *bl.
FARINACEOUS GOODS—Prlcee in packages
are as follows: Graham Flour, $8 60 per 100
lbs: Rye Flour, *3 75 (in barrels $4 75): Rye
Meal. 83 50 (in barrels 84 60); Rice Flour,
88: Corn Meal. $2 60; extra cream do, S3 75;
Oat Meal, |4 25 a 1 60; Oat Groats, $4 50:
Hominy $3 7504: Buckwheat Flour, 84 600
4 75; Cracked Wheat. $4; Farina, $4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 75; Rolled Oats, bbls, $6 500
7 80; in sacks, $807; Pearl Barley. $6;
Split Peas, boxes. $5 50; Green Peas, $6 60 per
101! lbs.
Hay and FeedstnfTs.
Higher price* are quoted for Bran. Shorta,
Middlings and Rolled Barley. The Hay mar
ket coatlnues slow and weak.
The circular of Somers at Co. says:
"The Hay .market continues in a rather un
interesting condition, as has been the case
for two or three weeks past. The total ship
ments for the current week amount to 3580
tons, In comparison with 3820 tons for the
week preceding.
"Town trade la rather dull aa well aa the
regular export shipments, but this Is made
up for to some extent by a considerable amount
being shipped to the Orient, presumably for
the Russian Government. Although this de
mand baa taken quite a quantity of Hay off
{he market, yet there la sufficient of all grades
to supply other wants; In fact, we could get
along easily wltn~~l!ghter shipments.
"Rain has fallen quite freely in all parte
of the State of Late and crops have been
greatly benefited. This la especially true of
Southern California, where crop prospects are
said to be better than they were at this time
last year. However, the season has not ad
vanced far enough to absolutely assure us of
abundant crops Wa have known of seasons
when heavy January rains were followed by
cold and dry spells, and so. although thus far
prospect* are good, much will depend on later
conditions.
"In general wa would say the market a)
weak with all grades of Bay earns Miai
lower."
BRAN—B2IO22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS—S2692B 60 par task
SHORTS—S2I922 per ton.
FEEDSTUFF 9 — Rolled Barley, 128096
par ton; Oilcake Meal at tha mill, $81 600
32 80; Jobbing, $33; Cocoanut Cake, $28024 i
Cocoanut Meal. $24025; Corn Meal. $81 509
82; Cracked Com, $32032 50; Mixed Feed. $22
023; Horse Beans, $30040 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY—Wheat, $10015; Wheat and Oat,
810914; Oat. $9012 50; Barley and Oat, $89
10; Volunteer Wild Oat, $7@10; atable, $9910;
stock, $607 60; Clover. $7010; Alfalfa, $9012
per ton.
STRAW—B6O6Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There la nothing new In the situation, tha
whole market being; quiet, with no forth**
changes.
BEANS—Bayos, $2 75©3; Pea. $3 2603 BO;
Butter. $806 28; small White. 83 2693 40;
large White, $2 4502 66; Pink, $3 4003 60;
Red. $4 7505; Lima, $3 00(24 06; Red Kidneys,
$1 2504 60; Blackeyes. $2 6002 60 per ctl;
Horse Beans. $1 8502 40.
SEEDS—Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $202 76; Canary, ;
6%c; Alfalfa, 12%@13c; Rape, 1%92%c; :
Timothy. Bfio; Hemp, 3%©3% c per lb; Mil
let, 2%©S%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20021 per
too. s
DRIED PEAS—Nlles, $1 7502 50; Green
Peas. $1 7602 60 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There were liberal arrivals of river Potatoes
and. although trade in that line of goods was
less active, prices were well maintained. There
were no new arrivals of Oregon or Salinas
Burbanks and those descriptions ruled Arm,
with very little desirable stock remaining In j
first hands. Onions and Sweet Potatoea were !
firm at the previously quoted rates.
Choice offerings of fresh southern vegetables 1
were in good request, both for local use and
shipping account, while old and poor lots were
neglected. Summer Squash, Tomatoes and .
Chile Peppers did better and small parcels of
fancy String Beans sold up to 15c per pound.
POTATOES—Burbanks from the river, 75®
90c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 255. 1 40 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks. Si 2001 30 per ctl; i
River Reds. 55#65c per ctl; Early Rose, $1 25
01 30 per ctl; Garnet Chiles. $1 40® 1 50 per
ctl; Sweet Potatoes. $101 10 per ctl.
. ONIONS— $2 5002 70 per ctl.
\ VEGETABLES—Green Peas, 406 c per lb: :
String Beans. 10012% c per lb; Wax Beana, 6®
Sc; Tomatoea. $1 260] 75 per box or crate;
Summer Squash, 85c95l per box; Hothouse
t ncumbers, $1 251(1 50 per dozen; Cabbage,
50c per ctl; Carrots, 30040 c per sack; Garlic, j
8010 c per lb; Egg Plant. 10@12%c per lb; 1
Dried Peppers. 10®lfi%c for sun-dried and 130
]4c per lb for evaporated; Green Peppers. e©Oc
per lb for Chile and 12%@150 for Bell:
Mushrooms. Bft2oc per lb; Marrowfat and i
Hubbard Squash, $10cal2 per ton.
Ponltry and Game.
Receipts of Poultry - consisted of 36 coopa |
Of domestic stock and there was continued firm,
ress in all descriptions, large young Hens and
Roosters particularly being in" demand, with
occasional sales of the latter at a substantial
premium. A car of Western. Is clcse at hand
and will probably be available to-day. Five :
cases of dressed Turkeys cnme in and sold at
nominal prices. Game ruled firm in sympathy
with Poultry.
POULTRY—Dressed Turkeys, 22024 c per lb; :
Live Turkeys, 19@21c per lb: Geese, per pair, 1
$202 50; Goslings. : Ducks. $506 per dozen
for old and $007 for young. Hens, $5®5 50 for
small and $607 for laigo; young Rooster*. $69
7: old Roosters. $4 5003; Fryers, $605 60;
Broilers, $3®4; Pig<>ons, $101 25; Squabs, $2tj
2 50.
GAME—Mallard Ducks. $304 50 per dozen:
Canvasback $3«4 50; Teal. $2: Sprig, $2 50
03; Gray Ducks, $2 50; Widgeon, $1 754r2; Red
Heads, $2 50; Black Jacks. $1 50; small Ducks,
$1 86; Gray Geese. $:!; White Geese, 73c05l 50;
Brant. $2 50 for rarge and $150 for small;
Honkers. $3 6098; Snipe ft lor English and
$1 50 for common; Hare. S2; Rabbits", $2 50 for '
Cot -.mails and $1 50 for Brush.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
The scarcity in Butter was still acute yes
terday, and though one delayed boat arrived
from Bolinas with supplies, her invoice was so
urgently needed Jhat the market was not af
fected. Those houses who had any Butter to
sell got about what they chose to ask for It,
and buyers who were obliged to have the goods
paid up to 30c in some instances. For several
days most dealers have been saying that just
as soon as the delayed boats get In the mar
ket will fall back, but thus far they have not
got In and the market Is apparently as far
from falling back as it was at the beginning
of the week. The day closed with the floors
practically bare of stock.
The storm has kept back Eggs in the coun
try and the market is steadier in consequence,
with stocks much lighter and prices lc better.
The demand has also Improved and the move
ment Is now reported very satisfactory. Store !
Eggs are even firmer than ranch and are
bringing about as much.
Cheese is easy and unchanged.
Receipts were 48,000 lbs Butter, 608 cases
Eggs and 10,300 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER —Creamery at first hands. 28029 c
for extras and 20<327%c for lower to medium
grades: dairy, 22025 c: cold storage. 22322'jc;
store Butter. 1:1015 c; Eastern cubes, nominal;
Eastern ladle-packed, 15016 c.
CHEESE—IOOIIc for fair to choice mild
new and 10c fcr old; Young Americas, 119120;
Eastern, 13915 c per lb.
EGGS —Ranch. 26@27c for good to choice
and 26c for common; store Eggs. 23926 c;
cold storage, nominal; Eastern, nominal at 230
24c per dozen.
Deciduous and citrus Fruits.
The fruit market was exceedingly dull, as i
the uncertain state of the weather discouraged |
local buyers, and there was no movement to 1
speak of in shipping channels. The attend- !
ance at the arrange auction was small and, ■
although the fruit was of good quality, the
bidding was indifferent and the stock sold at
low price*. Five cars of Navels were die- ;
posed of fancy selling at $1 2501 45, choice
at $191 15 and standard at 95c®$l 15. There
was nothing new to report in Apples, the mar
ket being heavily supplied "and quiet at the
old quotations.
APPLES —$1 5001 75 per box for fancy, $1 15
91 60 for choice and 85c@$l for common; Lady
Apples, $I@l 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS —Oranges, Navels, $1 400
176 per box for fancy and $12691 50 for
choice and $101 26 for standard; Seedlings,
75c051; Tangerines. 9Oc0$l; Japanese Manda
rins 75090 c; Lemons, $202 60 for fancy, $1 25
9175 for choice and $19125 for standards;
Grape Fruit $1 5002; Mexican Limes, J4 500
5 per case; Bananas, $1 7502 50 per bunch for :
Central American and 76c©$l 75 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples, $1 5002 per dozen.
Dried Fraits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
FRUITS —Apricots. 8911 c for Royals and 11 i
©12% C for Moorparks; Nectarines. 6%@8%c
tor White and 6%©7% c for' Red; Peaches, 7%
©9%c per lb.; Pears, 7® 12c; Plums, pitted, 4©
80 for black, 6%©7 c for red and 4%©6 c !
for yellow; Figs, 2-crown bricks, 45c; 3-crown,
50c; 4-crown, 60c; -6-crown, 63c; bulk white,
2%03c; black, 2%®5%c; Evaporated Apples, i
406 c per lb.
PRUNES—I%©I%e per lb for the four- sizes
and 2%c basis for the large sizes. 1 I
RAISINS—I9O4 crop f. o. b. Fresno —Impe-
rial clusters. $2 250*2 50; Dehesa, $1 3001 35;
London Layers. 85e0$l; Loose 4
crown. 59514 c; 3-crown. 4%c;w2-crown, 30 j
3%c; Seeded, 4%06c; Thompson's Seedless, 1
4%04%c; Seedless Sultanas, 3®sc per lb. i
NUTS—Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12@13c;
No. 2, 10011 c; No. 1 hardshell, 12c; No. 2,
10c: Almonds, 16017 c for Nonparlels, 14®14%c !
for I X L, 13%©14% c for for Ne Plus Ultra
and 11c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 607 c for :
Eastern; Pecans, 11013 c; Cocoanuta. $4 5005;
Chestnuta 799 c per lb for Italian.
HONEY—Comb, 11%@13c for white and 10®
11c for amber; water white extracted, 6%@
6%e; light amber extracted. 5©5% c: dark. 39 ,
BEESWAX—27929c per lb.
Provisions.
All markets continue quiet and unchanged.
CURED MEATS—Bacon, 10c per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium, 12c for light, 1
12% c for extra light and 14% c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides, 9c; Bellies, 11c; Eastern su- .
gar-cured Hams, 12 to 14 lbs, 12c; 15 to 16
lba, ll%c: 17 to 20 lbs, 11c; California Hams,
11 %c; Mess Beef, $10010 60 per bbl: extra |
Mess, $10 60011: Family, $12® 12 50; prime
Mesa Pork, $14 50: extra clear, $22; Mess.
816 60; Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked
Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD—Tierces quoted at 5%c per lb for i
California compound. 7e for Eastern compound
and B%c for pure; half-barrels, pure. B%c;
10-lb tins, »%c; 6-lb tine, 9%c; 3-lb tins, 9%c.
COTTOLENE—One half barrel, B%c; three
half barrela, B%c; one tierce, B%c; two tierces,
B%c; five tierces, B%c per lb.
Hides. Tallow. Wool and Hops.
A local firm says of Wool: "While shear
ing time is four months hence in the Terri
tories and two months hence in California, the
bulk of the Wool in Idaho. Utah. Nevada and !
Oregon has been contracted for at higher 1
price* than laat year's clipping brought, and 1
In California numerous contracts have been j
made for spring deliveries at much higher
prices than paid for the same grades of Wool
last year."
HIDES AND SKINS—CuIIs and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy salted
i Steers, 12c; medium. 11c; light, 10% c; Cow
Hides, 10% c for heavy and 100 for light;
Stags. 8c; Salted Kip, 11c; Salted Veal. ll%e;
Salted Calf, 12% c; dry Hides, 18c: dry Kip,
I 16c; dry Calf, 22c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 258)
' 40c each; short Wool, 50075 c each; medium,
90c®$l 10; long Wool, $1 1501 75: Horse
Hides, salt. $3 for large and $2 50 for me
dium, $1 5002 for small and 50c for Colts:
Horse Hides, dry, 81 75 for large and $1 25©
: 1 50 for medium, 81 for small, SOc for Colts.
' Buck Skins —Dry Mexican, 80e: dry salted
; Mexican, 25c; dry Central American, SOc;
i float Skins —Prime Angoras. 76c; extra large
■ do, fl 25: large. 50c; medium, 85c; small, 20c
I TALLOW—No. 1 rendered, 4©4%0 per lb;
i No. 2 3®3%c: Grease. 2®2%c.
WOOL—Nominal; none here.
HOPS—I9O4 crop, 27©80 c per lb; 1908 crop,
17%018e.
Meat Market.
DHBSSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are aa follows;
BEEF—6®«%o for Steers and 403%0 per lb
for Oowa.
VEAL—Large, 6%©Be: small. 809%e
MUTTON—-Wethers. 7®7%c; Ewes, 6%070
**LAMD o®9%s par lb for Yearlings and
Hogs. 6%©8%0 par la.
IJVBSTOCK MARKET.
Tha following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 40©
46 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE —Steers, 7%07%c; Cows and Heif
ers, 6%®6%0; thin Cows, 4©60 per lb.
CALVES—4O4%o per lb (gross weight),
SHEEP—Wethers, B%#«%c; Ewes, 303%0
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS —82 60©2 76 par head.
HOGS—Ltve Hogs, 200 to 250 lbs, <%«>•%«:
130 to 200 lbs, 505% c: 90 to 130 lbs, 4%04*40 ;
■oft Hogs, not wanted; Bows. 20 per cent off;
Boars. 50 per cent air. and Stags. ft* P*r cent
off from above quotations.
General Merebandlse.
BAGS—Grain Bags higher at 5%0 spot and
6@B%c for June and July; Wool Bags. 30032 c:
'■ Fleece Twine. 7%c.
COAL—Wellington. $8 per ton; New WeL
j lington, $8; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. 86 80l
i Beaver Hill. $6 50; Roslyn, $7: Coos Bay. $5 50j
! Richmond, $8; Cumberland. $18 In hulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
I $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13: Welsh Lump.
! $11 60; Canne!, $9 per ton: Coke, $11 50013 per
ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
I descriptions, $8 50 per short ton.
OILS —Quotations are for barrels: for oases
add sc; Linseed 55c per gallon for
: boiled and 530 for raw; Castor Oil. In
cases No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA, eases,
$1 1401 16; Lucol, 50c for boiled and 48c for
: raw; China Nut, cases. 65080 c per galloa; Co
' coanut Oil, in barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 55c
> for Australian; extra bleached winter Bpertn
1 Oil 68c: natural winter Sperm Oil, 63c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil, 57c; natural Whale
Oil 52c; extra winter strained Lard OIL 76c;
No 1 Lard Oil, 66c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 78os
No 1 Neatsfoot Oil, 63c; light Herring Oil,
i 42c; dark Herring Oil. 40c; Salmon Oil, 84c;
boiled Fish Oil. 87c: raw Fish Oil. 8Bo; boiled
: Paint Oil, 33c; raw Paint Oil, 31c.
COAL OIL GASOLINE, ETC.—Water White
! Coal Oil. In bulk, 12%e; Pearl Oil, In cases,
19c: Astra!. 19c; Star, 19c; Extra Btar, 22c;
Elaine 25%e: Eocene. 21c; Stove Gasoline, la
! bulk 16c; In cases. 22%0; Motor Gasoline, In
bulk! 16c; In cases. 22% c; No. 1 Engine Dis
tillate, Iron bbls or drums, 8c: No. 2 do, 6%0:
cases, 6W.C more; Benzine. In bulk, 13o; In
cases. l»Hc; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 25c;
in cases 31c. •
TURPENTINE —78c per gallon In oases and
72c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD—Red Lead, 7%®
7%c pet lb; White Lead, 7%©7%0, according
to quantity.
SUGAR—The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotea as follows, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
: Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.26 c;
! Powdered. 6.10 c; Candy Granulated, 6.10 c; Dry
' Granulated, flne, Cc; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6c; Fruit Granulated, 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only), 5.80 c; Confectioners' A, 6o;
Magnolia A, 5.00 c; Extra C. 5.60 c; Golden C,
5.40 c; "D." 5.30 c; barrels. 10c more; naif bar
rels. 28c more: boxes, 50c more; 60-lb bags,
: 10c more for all kinds. Tablets—Half barrels,
6.50 c; boxes, 6.75 c; H. A E. Crystal Dominos,
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev
enty-five barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. JANUART 26.
Flour qr sks.. .10,2s2|Feed, sks 14
Wheat, ctls 1,676(Hay, tons 608
Barley, ctls 1.«26|W00! balea 78
Oats, ctls 477jQuicksilver. flaks. 40
Corn (West* ctls 2,CCO'Leather, rolls ... 388
Tallow, ctls .... 12iHides, No 403
Beans, sks 3,446' Pelts, bdls 620
Potatoes, sks ... 7,1521 Lime. bbls 273
Onions sks 171 Paper rolls 05
Bran, sks 4901 Brandy, gals 450
Middlings, sks .. t.SlliWlne. gals 56,050
EASTERN,
; Wheat, ctls 500|
I . STOCK MARKET.
Several Sugars Higher and Alaska
Packers Lower.
Alaska Packers was the sensational stock
yesterday, dropping from $90 to $85 75 under
small sales. Gas and Electric was higher,
selling up to $51 62%. Sales in the sugar
gtoup were again large, but prices did not
varj much, with the exception of Hawaiian
Commercial, which advanced from $90 50 to
891 end Honolulu pool, which Bold up to
$39 5o! Pacific States Tel. and Tel. declined
suddenly to *104.
The Comstock mining shares sold fairly, but
the ranee of prices was rather below that of
th ; - preceding day. The Tonopahs wars again
active, with MacNamara and Tonopah Mid
way higher.
There was more life to the oil stocks, aa
will be seen.
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota paid a regular monthly dividend of
25c yesterday.
The Northern California Power Company
paid a regular monthly dividend of 6c yes
terday.
The Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Com
pany will pay a regular monthly dividend of
50c per share February 6.
Greene Copper has declared a regular aemi
monthlv dividend of 40c per share.
The United States Oil and Mining Company
of Bakersfleld assessment of lc per share falla
delinquent February 13.
The Perseus Oil Company assessment of 5
per cent will become delinquent January 30.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 25—2 p. m_
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .106%106 4s qr cp new.130%131 %
4s qr reg.. .105%106 |3s qr coup... — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W ss. — — IO G L&H ss. 108 —
Aseo Oil ss. 87 — jO W gtd ss. — —
Bay CPC 55.103 — (Oceanic s ss. 60 70
Cal C G ss. 103 — iOm Cable 6e.121% —
Cal G& Eg Pac Glm 4a. — 98
m & ct 6s. 85% — IP E Ry 6a. .108% —
Cal-st C 65.112 — IP 4C H 65.103% —
C C Wat ss. — 100 IP A O R 65.U3 —
EdL & P 05.124% — IPowell-st 6s. — 114%
F& C H 6s. — — iSac EGARSs.IOI%IO2%
Geary-st 55.. — 00 |SF A SJVSS.I2O 122
H CAS 5%5.105 — iSierra R 65.. — —
Do 5s . >..105% — |8 P of A h
Hon R T 6s. 106 — I (1909) 107% —
L A Blec 6s. — — (1910) 108% —
LAG A: El 5s — — IS P of C6s
L \Rv 5*..116%T17%| (1905)5r A.lOl 101%
LAL gtd ss. — 105%i (1906)5r B- — 108%
LAP Icm Ss.lol — I (1906) 104U105%
Mkt-st C 65.114% — (1912) 114% —
Do Icm ss. 116% 116% ISPC leg ss. — —
'. MVA MtTfls.loo 110 I Do stampd.loß% —
I NRR of C 65.105% — 8 PB R 65.185 —
I Do 5s ....120% — iS V Wat 65.106%108%
i N P C R 55.104% — i Do 4s 2dm.100%100%
;NC Ry 55.. — — I Do 4e 3dm. — 100
N C P C 6s. — 102%! Do g mtg4e 97% 99
NS R R ss. gOfclOOVStkn GAEfts. 98 —
Oak TCo 6s. — 120%'U GA B ss. — —
Do 6s ...-112 112%1UR of SF 4a. 87% —
! bo con ss. 104% — I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 25 31 I Port Costa... — -»
Marin C 0.... — 69%!S V Wat Co. 87% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
I Cent L • P. 3% — |S F G ft E. 81% —
Mutual BL. 9 — Stkn GftE. — 6%
Pac L C 0... 67% 59 (U Gft B Co. — —
INSURANCE.
! Flrem's End. — 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 130 |L P ft A....162 —
Anglo-Cal .89 92 Mer Trust.... — 2*o
Bank of Ck1.444 450 'Merch Ex.... 60 —
; Cal Safe Dp. 152 — |R F National — —
Frst Natlonl.32o 350 |
SAVINGS BANKS,
j Ger 8 ft L-2330 — Say ft L So.. — 100
; Hum SAL. — — Sec Say Bk.. — 410
I Mutual Say.loo — Union T C 0.2700 8300
| 8 F Say U. 610 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California . .200 — iPresldlo — 41
■ Geary — 60 |
POWDER.
Giant 64% — iVigorlt 8 4%
SUGAR.
! Hawaiian C. 91 — (Makawell C. 37% 37%
Honokaa S C 24% 24% i Onomea S C. 39% 40
Hutch S P C 17% — IPaauhau S C 27% —
Kllauea S C. si 5%)
MISCELLANEOUS.
1 Alaska P A. 85% 86 I Oceanic S Co. 4 4%
1 Cal F C A. 97% 99%iPae Aux FA. 4 —
Cal Wine A. 82% — |Pac C 80rx.157 —
MVft MtTm. — 100 |Pac S Tel Co — —
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
45 California Wine Association... 82 60
25 Contra Costa Water 30 00
25 Hawaiian Coml ft Sugar 91 12%
640 Honokaa S Co 24 50
I 100 Kilauea Sugar P Co. b 8 560
I 235 Makawell 37 25
| 200 Onomea Sugar Co 39 75
125 Paauhau S P Co 27 25
160 Paauhau S P Co 27 37%
AUCTION SALES
ft*
AUCTION SALE OF HORSES
60 HEAD OF HORSES, weighing from 1000
lb*, to 1700 lbs., consigned by W. Z. MOSS.
Lakevlew, Or. This Is a line lot of horse*.
Every horse will be guaranteed aa to sound
ness and work at time of sale.
Also 20 bead of GOOD PLOW HORSES.
Farmer* wanting good work horses can get
them at this sale.
SALE THURSDAY, JANUARY 26, 1905,
At 11 a. m.. at
STUART 8 HORSE MARKET, 226 TBV
. HAMA ST. » /
HORD A SMITH, Auctioneer*.
Horses at sale yard Tuesday. Jan. 24.
LOOK I
Do you want choice HORSE9T Just ar
rived, three carloads of sound, gentle young
horses from 1000 to 1700 lbs., at International
Horse Market, Twelfth and Harrison st*.
Must be sold.
75 Paauhau S P Co 27 60
60 S F Gas ft Electric, a 90 ~ 61 25
60 Spring Valley Water Co 37 26
88.000 Market-at Ry Ist con 5a 116 00
(10,000 Pacific Electrlo Ry 6 per cent. 106 50
10.000 United R R of 8 F 4 per oent. 87 75
Street —
$5,000 Hawaiian Coml ft Sugar s*. .106 60
$3,000 Market-at Ry Ist con 6a 116 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
80 Alaska Packers' Association... 86 00
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 86 60
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 86 76
160 Hawaiian Com'l ft Sugar 91 25
660 Honokaa 3 Co 24 60
100 Honokaa S Co, b 8 24 50
200 Hutchinson S P Co. b 10 17 87%
140 Hutchinson S P Co 17 76
60 Makawell t 87 87%
95 Oceanic BSC* 400
480 Paauhau S P Co 27 56
6 Pac States Tel ft Tel Co 104 25
7 Pac. States Tel ft Tel Co 104 00
16 S F Gas ft Electric 61 50
80 S F Gas ft Electric 51 62%
26 Spring Valley Water Co. s 90. 87 50
80 Spring Valley Water Co. s 90. 87 25
$3,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6* 120 60
$5,000 Paclflo Electric Ry 5 per cent.lo6 50
$3,000 S P of Arizona (1909) 107 50
$1,000 United States 3s (coupon) 104 60
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s 100 — IBF ft NP 5*112 —
BL Wat 6a. — 114% 8 P Co 4%e.100% —
Cal NW 55.. — 114 ISun Tel 65...110 —
MC Wat 6*. — 114 I Do 5s 106% —
SF Drdk 65.112 — ,Buttr-st R85.104 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — 26 IMils Nat Bk.Boo —
Amer Bis Co — 90 I Nev Nat Bk. — 316%
Cal Cot Mils 80 — IN 8R R Co. — 18%
Cal GftßCor. 49% — IN Cal P Co. 9% —
Oal Powder . 180 146 Oak Bk 8aar.126 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 I Oak T Con.. 78 —
Cal Tlft T — 155 IOOF Hall A 6% —
Cen Bk. Oak 65 — Orpheum CO. — 16%
Chutes Co .. 6 6 PacC Cas Co. 125 —
City ft CBk — ISO |Pao Bur Co. .106 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 6 jParaf Paint.. 44 —
DptPwd pfd. — 80 IS F Drydook — 66
Do com .. 47% — SFASJ Coal. 17% 20
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — Is J Wat Co. 108% —
Fischer Thtr — I%ISO ft MTgbt.l2s —
Frnoh-A 8k.106 — jfiwlaa-A 8k..120 —
Hono P Cc. 89 40 Truck Elect.. 11% —
Do pool .. 89 39%' Union S Co.. — 80
Lonft SF Bk 67 75 IUR InC pfd. 67 68%
Mat Nay Co. 70 — I Do com ... 17 —
BALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Cal Gaa ft Electrlo Corp 60 00
60 Honolulu Plantation Co (poof). 39 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
80 Honolulu Plantation Co (pool).. 89 60
80 Honolulu Plantation Co (pool). 89 28
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Associated Oil Stock Car*.. 31 32
Caribou 7 00
Central Point Con 70 ....
Claremont 78 80
Forty 47 48
Home 44 ....
Independence 29 80
Junction 21 ....
Kern 700 750
Kern River 9 25 10 00
Monarch of Aiisona 30
Monte Criato 85
Occidental of W. Va- 05 06
Oil City Petroleum ~. 68 69
Peerless 14 00
Pittsburg ~ 14 15
Reed Crude 2 10 ....
Sovereign 80 ....
Sterling 2 00 ....
Superior 04 ....
Twenty-Eight 12 00 12 00
Wabash 80 ....
Miscellaneous—
Associated Oil Co. bond* 9 28 ....
Abby Land ft Improvement. 1 25 180
Truckee Electric 11 76
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
8000 Associated 31
1000 Independence »•. 29
500 Home 4S
Street—
8000 Associated, b. 10 81
Afternoon Session.
Board—
375 Associated 31
100 Occidental 0«
1400 Oil City 69
100 Sterling 200 a
50 Twenty-Eight Oil, s. 6 12 00
600 Junction 21
1000 Independence 29
1000 Home Oil. s 90 45
2000 Forty Oil 47
, Mining Stocks.
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK ETXCHANOB
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session —Comstock*.
500 Belcher 221 100 Potosl 14
700 Chollar 27 100 Savage 38
600 Con Cal ft V.l 701 300 Scorpion 20
300 Hale ft Norc.l 35' 200 Sierra Nev.... 44
200 Mexican 2 15! 100 Silver Hill 66
100 Ophir 6 751 100 Union C0n.... 66
800 Ophlr 6 62%!
Afternoon Session—Comstocks.
700 Alpha 151 100 Mexican 2 J5
100 Andes 80; 200 Ophlr 6 62%
100 Bullion 231 400 Potoei 14
100 Caledonia .... 451 200 Savage ....... 86
100 Chollar 281 400 Sierra Nev 46
100 Con Cal A V.l 70 100 Sierra Nev 46
200 Gould A Cur. 22 1 800 Silver Hill 65
800 Gould A Cur. 211 100 Yellow Jacket. 25
100 Exchequer ... 60!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid.Ask.l Bid Ask
Alpha 15 16|Julla 04 06
Alta 04 661 Justice 15 16
Andes 80 31;Kentuck 01 02
Belcher 22 2*} Lady Wash ..02 04
Best A Belch.l 06 1 lOlMexlcan 2 10 2 15
Bullion 23 24!Occldental ... 86 90
Caledonia .... 44 40|OphIr 660 6 62%
Challenge ... 24 26 Overman 24 26
Chollar 27 28'Potosl 14 15
Confidence ... 90 951 Savage 88 37
Con Cal A V.l 66 1 70' Scorpion 19 20
Con Imperial. 01 021 Beg- Belcher... 06 08
Crown Point.. «18 19 Sierra Nev 48 44
Con NT 04 OSlSllver Hill 65 67
Exchequer ... 49 51! St. Louie 10 12
B. Sierra Nev 08 05 Syndicate .... 15 —
Eureka Con.. — 60' Union Con 66 66
Gould A Cur. 21 22lUtah 19 20
Hale A Norc.l 125 1 301 Yellow Jacket. 23 25
TONOPAH AND GOLDFTELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
COOO Black Butte.. 229200 North Star 26
2000 Brunswick ... 07 6000 North Star 30
2000 Dixie Mm ... 2311000 North Star ... 26
8000 Gold Anchor. 3112000 Orig Bullfrog. 20
1000 Goldfleld Mm. 743000 Orig Bullfrog. 30
1000 Goldfleld Mm. 75 600 Red Lion 06
2000 Jumbo Etx «. 2«l 100 Tied Top 19
2600 Kendall 861 100 Red Top 20
4000 Kendall 34 1000 Silver Pick .. 18
3500 Kendall 33 1000 Sylvanla 27
3200 MacNamara . 321 600 Ton Gold Mt.. 14
200 Mont T0n..2 07%! noo Ton Mldws 67
1000 Mohawk 16' 500 Ton Ohio 81
100 Mohawk 165000 Verde 06
2000 North Star .. 27! 5000 Verde 07
Afternoon Session.
1000 Adams 12113.600 North Star.. 28
•>OOO \dams 1314.500 North Star.. 26
1000 Adams 1416.800 North Star.. 25
100 Cent Eureka. 1 S5! 10fjO North Star ... 24
600 Diamondfleld. 81] 500 North Star ... 27
8000 Dixie Mm ... 221000 Red Lion 06
1000 Gold Anchor. 32! T.OO Sandstorm ... 60
800 Goldfleld Mm. 742000 South Eureka. 40
4800 Jumbo Ex .. 26] 600 Ton Belmont.. 72
4000, Jumbo Ex .. 2*l Ino Ton Exten ...4 60
300 Kendall 35 15.400 Ton Midway. 60
1500 Kendall 334200 Ton Midway.. 59
2000 MacNamara . 322000 Ton Midway.. 58
loon MacNamara . 8311000 Ton Midway.. 57
2000 Mohawk .... 1511000 Ton Ohio .... 38
1000 Mont Ton 2 051 100 Ton of Nev .11 75
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Gold Anchor. 32 35IRescue 06 06
Jim Butler .. 40 45iTon Belmont., 71 73
Little Ton .. 25 Ss'Ton A Cal — J6
MacNamara .32 33' Ton Cash M. — 12
Mir-rah Ex .. 06 —Ton Exten ..460 600
Mont Ton ..2 05 2 Midway.. 57 60
N V Ton Con 11 «T3n N Star... 26 27
Ohio Ton .... 31 31! Ton of Nev.il 62 11 75
Paymaster .. .03 04lWest End 20 24
Quincy M Co. 10 —I
Con tinned on Page Fourteen.
1516
MAYOR REMOVES HUTTON
FROM THE POLICE BOARD
Police Commissioner H. W. Hutton toppled from his high office yesterday.
Mayor Schmitz exercised the authority of the chief magistracy as set forth
in the city charter. The charges involve the ex-Commissioner with an
eighteen-year-old girl named Viola Keeler, who is an art student. Hutton
stoutly asserts his innocence, but will not contest his dismissal.
Immoral Conduct
Is Given as the
Cause.
Deposed Official
Denies Truth
of Charge.
The career of H. W. Hutton as a
Police Commissioner was brought to an
abrupt close by Mayor Schmitz yester
day afternoon. The chief magistrate
exercised his prerogative and summar
ily ousted the member who has been a
thorn in thetside of the administration
the last two years. Immoral conduct
was given as the cause for removal,
the Mayor having gathered evidence
that links the Commissioner's name
with that of Miss Viola Keeier, an art
student of eighteen years. There are
other allegations of misconduct of the
same character, all of which Mayor
Schmitz declared to be "unbecoming
in a Police Commissioner of the city
and county of rian Francisco."
Hutton is emphatic in denial of the
truth of the charges and declares that
they were trumped up so that he might
be removed and the administration
freed of his persistency in efforts to
enforce the law and make San Fran
cisco a more wholesome city. He says
he has expected such a step by the
Mayor for some time and knew he
was jeopardizing his tenure by being
st> energetic against 1120 Dupont street,
620 Jackson street, the French restau
rants and other places of vice.
KNEW HE WAS SHADOWED.
"I was not deterred in one particular
from doing my duty conscientiously,
fearlessly and with honest purpose,"
said the deposed Commissioner last
night. "While I have been looking for
this to happen, I am surprised, how
ever, at the means adopted. I did not
think they would attack my private
'life. 1 have known that detectives
were shadowing me, but I thought they
were trying to get at me in some other
way.
•The charges that the Mayor makes
against me are utterly false so far as
accusation of impropriety is con
cerned. But even if they were true,
wbus;.' business is it to concern himself
about my private life? Suppose all
public officials were put to the test,
how many would you have left to run
th- government?
"Yes, I know Miss Viola Keeler and
she has be*>n at my house as a guest.
But the allegation that our relations
have in any way been improper is
without a vestige of truth. There are
six rooms in my home. I frequently
entertain at dinner. I often have
friends here at card parties. Am I to
hve like a hermit? Is a man to cut
himself off from all social life because
he is a member of the Police Board?
"I have never visited any woman at
235 O'Farrell street, as is alleged. I
have gone to play cards with men who
have apartments there, but never was
in the company of any woman in the
hotel. 1 repeat that the Mayor has un
justly accused me.
.<•**! was appointed to the commission
three years ago by the same Mayor
who has now removed me. I became
interested in the labor union movement
and worked hard for Schmitz and the
ticket in the first campaign. We got
along harmoniously for a year. Later
discord came between us. I fought for
the removal of the big nlckei-in-the
slot machines from the salbons. Schmitz
.tried to have me desist, but I stuck to
what I regarded my duty.
COULD NOT BE HANDLED.
"The Mayor learned that I was a
man who could not be swerved once
my mind was made up that I was
right. It was not long till the admin
istration let me alone, and I was one
of them no more. My activities in
seeking to expose police corruption in
Chinatown, my attitude against the
French restaurants and the inability
of the administration to control me
were responsible for the action of the
Mayor to-day.
"I have not given the matter serious
thought, but I do not think I will
make any contest cf my dismissal. My
term would expire in another year, and
a suit could not be adjudicated much
before that time. I did not go to the
meeting of the Commissioners to-night.
There was no use going down there
and making any fuss abcut it."
Commissioner Hutton has long been
a difficult and somewhat mysterious
factor for Mayor Schmits and his ad
ministration to deat with. The Com
missioner has been disposed to antag
onize the administration. He was nev
er content with the ordinary enforce
• ment of the law. but seeking, it
appeared, to discredit the administra
tion's conduct of the government. His
' AITVE«TISEMENTS.
Jldams*
IRISH MOSS COUGH BALSAM
Prescribed by the best physicians for Coughs, Colds, Hoarse
ness, Bronchitis, Croup in Children and all Throat and Lung
Troubles. Try a bottle to-day. Don't wait till the doctor says
"Consumption."
25c and 50c at your Druggist
CURES IN A DAY
POLICE COMMISSIONER WHO HAS BEEN MAKING CHARGES OF CHINA
TOWN GRAFT AND WHO YESTERDAY WAS REMOVED KRoM OFFICE ON
SERIOCS ACCUSATIONS OF MISCONDUCT.
battles against vice were more or less
of the suectacular order and gave the
impression that the public officials
were net doing their duty. Having
been appointed to office by the admin
istration, Hutton is regarded as hav
ing been unfair in making political en
terprise to place it in bad odor before
the public.
MAYOR'S LANGUAGE STRONG.
The Mayor does not mince words in
his reason for removing Hutton, but
cites specific instances of the latter's
indiscretions with women. Hutton's
name in the notice is coupled princi
pally with that of Viola Keeler, who
lives at the St. Andre House, at 1230
Pine street. The notice of removal con
tinues:
Some weeks azo information was officially
brought before me. and charges were made,
that in takinz certain Official action and in
making certain official declarations, ostensibly
In the interest of the good morals Of the
community, Police Commissioner Hutton was
actuated by private malice and personal in
terest and not by a sincere desire ior a bet
terment of the city's moral condition. That
he was himself personally a most immoral
man. That he was in the habit of visiting
disorderly houses with female companions of
more or less renutabllity, and that he was
in the habit of accepting hospitality and of
drinking wine at these pieces without paying
therefor.
Evidence of the truth of these charges, with
times and places of occurrence, was submitted
to me at the time, but preferring to satiety
myself absolutely of the truth of these heinous
charges before taking any action. I merely
stated that I Would consider the matter
further. Since then, without any reference
whatever to th* original sources of informa
tion, and on evidence Independent of and un
connected therewith, the facts then stated
have not only been confirmed in their en
tirety, but have been Intensified, and I now
have no hesitancy whatever in revoking the
commission of H. W. Hutton and removing
him from office, with the most profound re
gret that I should ever have been misled into
appointing as a conservator of the public mor.
als of this city one who is so thoroughly un
worthy.
The Mayor's notice further charges
that Hutton's acquaintance with Miss
Viola Keeler began when she was only
15 years old.
HAVE HOT SESSION.
It was shortly after 4 o'clock when
Hutton called on the Mayor in response
to the latter's summons. When Hutton
was handed a copy of the notice of re
moval he became very much excited.
He deniea the charges contained in the
notice and used the vilest kind of lan
guage in doing so.
"I have called you here," said the
Mayor, "to hand you personally this
communication, which is a notice of
your removal."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 26, 1905.
"Thank you." said Hutton, and after
reading the paper Hutton continued:
"I say in reply that this is not true,
that it is a lie: but if it were true, it is
none of your business."
"That is all right," said the Mayor,
"but I have absolute proof for every
word that is written there."
"I say again it is not true," said Hut
ton. "You have hired two disreputable
people in this matter, and I wish you
joy- of your job."
"That is enough," said the Mayor, in
terrupting Hutton. "Had you acted
with any decency I might have been
willing to have given you a chance to
resign."
"Talk of resigning." said Hutton,
"you have already said this was the
notice of my removal. How can I re
sign?"
Then the Mayor, becoming angered
at Hutton's frequent use of vile epi
thets, said:
"I have not yet sent the communica
tion, a. copy of which you have, to the
Board of Supervisors. Now I shall
send it immediately."
"1 shall say that I expected this,"
said Hutton, "and I will say that I
will occupy a political position when
you are gone."
'That is enough," said the Mayor,
and rang for Policeman Pete Fanning,
to whom he handed a copy of the com
plaint, telling him to take it to the
Supervisors at once.
"I won't own to it," said Hutton. "I
wish you joy of your Job. lam much
obliged to you," and Hutton took his
hat and left the office.
I was informed." said lahe Mayor in
a statement, "of the acts of Hutton as
far back as last June. I paid no at
tention to the charges, but set about
investigating the matter on my own
account. From information I have re
ceived I can say that every charge
made against Hutton is true. There
is more behind that I have not made
public.
"I consider Hutton wholly unfit for
public office, and I am sorry that I
did not have knowledge of his true
character before I appointed him three
years ago. I deem It my duty at this
time when Hutton stands in the public
light as a great purist and is posing as
a reformer to make the result of my
investigations known and to remove
him from his office for what I consider
good and sufficient cause."
MAYOR FILES HIS CHARGES.
Police Commissioners- Receive Accusa
tions Against ex-Member.
The Board of Police Commissioners
received from Mayor Schmitz last
night a written communication of the
charges pajferred against Police Com
missioner Henry W. Hutton. Hutton
failed to put in an appearance at the
session. The Mayor's communication
to the board was read by Commis
sioner Pohelm. It was as follows:
"To the Honorable Board of Police
Commissioners—Gentlemen: I herewith
inform you that I have this day re
moved from the office of Police Com
missioner of the city and county of San
Francisco Mr. Henry W. Hutton, for
reasons as set forth in the accompany
ing communication. Yours respectfully,
"EUGENE E. SCHMITZ."
The charges were not read aloud.
Policeman Thomas H. Dowd was
fined $50 by the Commissioners for be
ing intoxicated while on duty on Jan
uary 8. Dowd was doing police duty
on Fourth street. Policeman Thomas
F. Wrenn was found guilty of being
intoxicated and the Commlssionrs fined
him $50.
To Memorialize Father Lagan.
The several members of the parish
conferences and the central body, rep
resenting the officers of the Society of
St. Vincent de Paul, met last night at
the Sacred Heart parochial residence
for the purpose of passing resolutions
relative to the death of Father Lagan.
After several drafts of resolutions had
been submitted it was decided to ap
point a committee of one to review
and pass upon them and to report at
the next meeting, on Wednesday night.
TRIES IN VAIN
TO KILL WIFE
French Miller Stabs Woman
Four Times and Policeman
Prevents Cowardly Murder
ASSAULT ENDS QUAERE L
Victim Alleges Dozen Men
Stood By and Watched Her
Being Repeatedly Stabbed
French Miller, a furniture man,
made a dastardly but vain attempt to
murder his wife, Lizzie Miller, on Mc-
Allister street, near Leavenworth,
last night. The prompt action of
Policeman T. F. O'Connell saved the
woman's life.
Last night Miller went to his wife's
rooma at 38 McAllister street. The j
pair had been separated since last j
September. Miller wanted to get his
wife to return to him. She refused j
and a quarrel ensued. The infuriated \
husband attacked her with a knife, i
Mrs. Miller ran down into the street
and into the Glen Ada saloon, at Mc-
Allister and Leavenworth streets. She
■ought the protection of the pro
proprietor, Tony Ashton, but says that
he ordered her out.
As the woman emerged from the j
saloon Miller pounced on her. He j
stabbed her through the left ear, and j
as she raised her arms his descending
blade tore a great gash in each hand. j
The frenzied man then placed his j
knee on his wife's prostrate body and .
made a slash at her breast. The j
blade made a superficial wound. He
raised the weapon again, and in all
probability would have reached her
heart had not Policeman O'Connell
seised his hand. Mrs. Miller says a
dozen men stood by and saw her hus
band assault her.
Miller was locked un at the City
Hall station on a charge of assault
to commit murder. Mrs. Miller's in
juries were dressed at the hospital by
Dr. Kucich, who says they are not j
serious. •
RELEASED FROM JAIL AND
AT ONCE SUES FOR DIVORCE
Ahlstedt Wants to Sever Ties That
Bind Him to Wife Who Said He
Tried to Poison Her.
After spending seventeen days in j
jail upon a charge that he had tried
to poison his wife, Qustave Ahlstedt
yesterday celebrated his discharge
from custody by filing a complaint for
divorce against the author of his .
troubles. He sets forth that he mar- j
ried Martha Ahlstedt in September, j
1903. and on the 6th of the present ,
month she swore to a charge that he \
had put strychnine in ground coffee
for the purpose of poisoning her. He
was found guiltless in Judge Mogan'd
court yesterday.
The suits of three persons who have
teen a long time married and now I
want divorce on the ground of deser- |
tion were tiled yesterday. Ida M. :
Sarll married Zachariah Sarll in 1873,
Fred Rexinger became the husband of
Henrietta Rexinger in 1873 and E. B.
Fowler wedded Mrs. Fowler in 1886.
The first named of each couple is the
plaintiff. Other suits for divorce were
filed by Mrs. E. Corcoran against W.
H. Corcoran, desertion; H. Astro
against Mrs. J. Astro, desertion; Alice ;
Walton against Hamilton Walton,
neglect
Divorces were granted by Judge 1
Sioss to Salvator Tartaul from Leon-
Ofa Tartaul, desertion; by Judge Mur- ,
i*ky to Carrie L. Rush from Edward
H. Rush, cruelty.
The suit of Mary T. Hyde against
William D. Hyde, Constable of Benicia, ;
for separate maintenance was dis
missed by her yesterday! She charged
that Hyde had treated her brutally for
seven years and had forced her to .
leave him.
WOMEN LEND ASSISTANCE
TO A WORTHY CHARITY
German Benevolent Association Meets
and Renders Its Regular Annual
Accounting.
The ladies of the German Benevo
lent Society gathered In Golden Gate
Hall yesterday afternoon for their an- j
nual session and election of officers'.
The report of the secretary was read
and it showed that more than 53000 j
had been distributed during the last
year among the poor and needy of
this city. The ladies voted thanks to
the donators.
The following officers were elected j
to serve during the year: President,
Mrs. Caroline Koster; vice president,
Mrs. Matilda Esberg; secretary, Mrs. ;
Marie Fehleisen; treasurer, Mrs. So-j
phie Goldberg; board of directors, j
Mrs. Henry St. Goar. Mrs. A. M. Bink,
Mrs. F. Hebernicht. Mrs. F. D. Stat- i
muller, Mrs. H. Kaufmann, Mrs. B. i
Brommell. Mrs. Isaac Hecht, Mrs. G.
C, Meussdorffer, Mrß. F. Plagemann; j
advisory committee. Mrs. F. Heber- ,
nicht, Mrs. E. R. Capeler, Mrs. C. T. [
Timm. '
Knights of Golden Eagle.
F. W. Ammann, deputy supreme
chief, assisted by C. S. Davis. A. A.
Maybee, Rudolph Miners, J. P. Sjo
gren and A. B. Christienson, has in
stalled the following officers of Cali
fornia Castle No. 1 of the Knights of
the Golden Eagle: Dr. C. O. Southard,
N. C; Thomas L. Campbell, V. C;
Samuel McCall. M. of R.; George B.
Hanna, C. of E.; F. W. Ammann. K.
of E.; George B. Peterson, V. H.;
Peter Dewar, H. P.; J. M. Hogan, S.
H.; C. A. Lundstrom, W. C; J. P. Sjo
gren, Ens.; A. A. Maybee, Esq.;
George W. Bumm, first guardsman:
C. R. Fraser, second guardsman; J. W.
Van Horn, John Ross and A. A. May
bee, trustees. During the <»venlr.g a
beautiful gold jewel of the order was
presented to A. B. Christienson, past
chief of the castle.
To Visit San Francisco
Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like visiting Europe without seeing Par
is. It is a leading feature of San Francis
co, and is the most beautiful Jewelry
store in the world. Visitors or purchas
ers are equally welcome. 221 Montgom
ery street, between Bush and Pine. •
Wants Contributions for Programme.
Superintendent of Schools Langdon
yesterday sent a circular to principals
and teachers informing them that the
programme committee of the May .fes
tival will receive contributions from
the pupils for the "children's page."
which will be one of the features of
the souvenir programme for the musi
cal festival. Grade meetings in physi
cal culture will be held on February
3 and 10 at the City Hall and other
meetings to be addressed by Deputies
Heaton and Deasy on February 2, 7
and 9.
Try Plso'a Cure for Asthma. It
often relieves al once 25c. * *
WOMAN FINDS
A DEAD BABY?
Mrs. M. Spickman Rushes
Into Hospital and Declares
She Has Corpse in Basket
SURPRISES ATTENDANTS
German Lady's Imaginative
Brain Creates a Furor at
the Central Emergency
«
"Gentlemen, there is a dead baby in
this basket."
The foregoing information was con
veyed to Dr. Kucich at the Central
Emergency Hospital last night, and it
is unnecessary to say he was startled.
Shortly after 7 o'clock a middle-aged
German lady, carrying a large tel
escope basket, rushed breathlessly into
the hospital. Laying her burden on
the operating table. Mrs. Martha
Spickman—for that was her name —
said: 'Open it; open it. You will find
it there. Can't you tell that it is
there?"
Then the woman sank exhausted Into
a chair and covered her face with
her hands. She did not want to see
the poor little corpse; but Dr. Kucich
and Steward Dan Barry made an in
vestigation.
"You open* it. Dan," said the doctor.
"Not for mine," quoth the steward.
Ambulance Driver McCarty then vol
unteered to do the job. Everybody
peered with curiosity at the basket as
McCarty opened it. A pink chemise
first came to light. A bundle of clothes
—Just the kind that would inclose a
dead baby—was then disclosed. More
clothes were removed —a lady's waist,
then some underwear, a gaudy pair of
stockings, next a nightgown, some
more chemises—blue ones this time—
and finally the last garment was held
up for inspection, but no baby was in
sight.
Mrs. Splckman seemed relieved.
"Well, there is something mysterious
about It anyway," she said. Every one
sighed. Belief was experienced by all
and the hospital staff knew that there
had not been a tragedy.
Mrs. Spickman lives on a small ranch
near Palo Alto. She spotted the bas
ket by a telegraph pole at Golden
Gate avenue and Jones street. For an
hour she watched. Lurid scenes of
murder and mystery flitted through her
brain. Hf r g«ze pierced the wicker
ware, and she thought she saw a
corpse. Horrois!
Mrs. Spickman felt that she had done
her duty, and with a self-satisfied sigh
she retired from the hospital with the
parting repetition:
"Well, there was something mysteri
ous about it anyway."
EDNA WALLACE HOPPER
ATTENDS WILL PROCEEDINGS
Present for n Short While at Duns
muir Hearing in Consul Ben
tictt's Office.
The monotonous cross-examination
of J. J. Dwyer, the expert on Califor
nia probate law, by Sir Charles H. Tup
per, in the Dunsmuir will contest was
suddenly interrupted yesterday morn
ing, when the fair and :*etite tontest
ant appeared in a dainty gown and
black picture hat and listened for
half an hour to the attempts of Sir
Charles to catch the expert in clev
erly laid trans.
Following the adjournment of the
morning session Mrs. Hopper was es
corted by Judge Coyne, her attorney,
and Sir Charles Tupper to her hotel.
The entire afternoon was taken up
with the cross-examination of Dwyer,
whose answers to questions were not
very satisfactory to his questioner.
An interesting feature of the case
is that the marriage of Dwyer took
place yesterday, and to-day will prob
ably be his last appearance on the
stand to answer the questions of Sir
Charles. It is expected that Mr. Bod
well's examination will keep Dwyer
on the stand for several days.
Red Eyes and Eyelids, granulated Eye
lids and other Eye troubles cured by Mu
rine Eye Remedy. Murine doesn't smart.*
Mechanics for Panama.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces examinations
on February 13 to fill vacancies in the
positions of foreman, first class work
man and helper in each of the follow
ing trades: Blacksmith, boiler-maker,
carpenter, coppersmith, machinist,
mason, molde- painter, pattern
maker, pipefitter, plumber and tin
smith for the Panama canal. Age lim
it, 21 to 45 years. Bates of pay in
each of the trades enumerated: Fore
man, 50 to 60 cents per hour; first
class workman, 30 to 45 cents per
hour; helpers, 25 to 35 cents per hour.
United States gold. Apply to the
United States Civil Service Commis
sion, Washington, D. C, for applica
tion form 1422, which should be prop
erly executed and filed in complete
form with the commission at Wash
ington prior to the hour of closing
business on February 13.
Schussler Still Enumerating.
The cross-examination of Hermann
Schussler, chief engineer of the Spring
Valley Water Works, was resumed
yesterday afternoon before United
States Commissioner Heacock. Mr.
Schussler, who has been testifying for
about four months, was very hoarse
and his voice was inaudible to all ex
cept the stenographer. Assistant City
and County Attorney J. C. Partridge
is conducting the cross-examination.
Mr. Schussler enumerated and de
scribed the pipe lines in San Francisco
and San Mateo counties.
POSTOFFICE LABORER APPOINTED—
A. G- Mitchell, laborer in the postofflce, wti
removed yesterday and M. H. Davis was ap
pointed in his stead.
The Secret
of Beauty
/N. ° f Skin > P
W Scalp, Hair, 1
X and Hands \
k If rr )k \ * n thousands \\
JWSvLeT//) » u P on thou- \j
\i sands of jj
cases, * s fv
S found in the |J
exclusive use of Q
Cuticura Soap!
and Cuticura Ointment, the /
{mrest and sweetest of eruol- 1/
ients, and greatest of skin |
purifiers and beautifiers. \l
HALES. I —
First Nezvs From Hale's To-Day Is of These
New Black Sateen Waists
iffi? in To Sell at 50c
Waists that would be 90c ordinarily. The last 8 dozen of a
style the maker had. He threw them in as good measure with
hundreds of other new waists in a big Hale spring order. They're
out to-day on tables on the second floor. At 50c
Dainty waists, splendidly made, tucked and pleated front in yoke effect.
tucked back, dotted with white, either large or small dots. 5Cc.
And the wool waists that are out to-day make other interesting news,
at 98c, that have sold foi* $1.25; at $1.39, waists that have sold for $1-75;
and at $1.50, waists that have sold for $1.95. In gray, red, tan and black.
Sale of 9 Dozen Pillow
Tops at 23c
They're regular 45c and 50c tops,
tinted and with backs. A variety of
pretty new designs.
A fortunate happening brings them
to us so we can sell them at 33c; to
day, third floor.
3c for Cotton Towels
Size 14x28; Soft; Absorbent.
It's a strong value, but towels and
table linens are the topic at Hale's
this week. There are dozens of
other values as important, opportu
nities that even wholesale buying
won't ordinarily bring.
Cotton Toweli at 6V4.0 —Size 16x32,
hemmed.
Linen Towels at 19c—Size 19x38; at
33c, size 20x39.
Damask Towels at 6Oo—Size 23x43.
you can use for table covers.
Turkish Towels at 9c —Unbleached and
fringed.
Turkish Towels at 10c—Bleached, size
18x36.
Table Damask at 39c
That Is 58 inches wide, mercerized,
bleached, will wear most like linen.
Pattern Cloth, $1.90 —2 yards long and
all linen.
Gas Globes at 25c
Regular 35,r and 45c Values.
Fancy bell and tulip shapes, sil
ver etchings, scalloped edge, 6
pretty designs to pick from, 4 and
5 inch size. Handling them in a
six-store way they're 25c to-day.
Third floor.
REAL ESTATE MEN VOTE
TO MAKE NEW MOVE
Join California State Board of Trade
and Dissolve Their Own
Organization.
The California Real Estate Board
has voted to go out of existence and
has recommended to all its members
to join the California State Board oi
, Trade. The monthly cost is the same
'. as that involved in membership tn the
! Real Estate Board. The country
I dealers in real estate and represent
: ative brokers in all the principal in
terior cities of Callifornia orga-Mzed
about two years ago for the purpose
of better understanding and for con-
I certed action. One purpose was to get
■in touch with the persons* in the East
| and Middle West who might seek in
formation concerning California
country lands with the intention of
becoming purchasers of the same.
The work of the Real Estate Board
proceeded successfully for a time.
Then it was ascertained that the Cal
ifornia State Board of Trade has fa
cilities to gain possession of the In
formation that the real estate men
seek. Some of the real estate men
have already Joined the State Board
iof Trade and the remainder are ex
pected to follow their example soon.
Wedding cake boxes and invitations. Latest
styles. Edward Knowles Co.. 24 Second st. •
PERSONAL.
I Dr. F. C. E. Mattison of Pasadena
Is at the Palace.
F. E. Rugg, a mining man of Tono
pah. is at the Palace.
C. Wesley Mowry of Brockton,
Mass., is at the Grand.
i F. A. Hihn, one of Santa Cruz's
wealthy residents, is at the Palace.
W. Forsyth, a well known Fresno
I raisin grower, is at the Occidental.
j J. B. Murphy and family of Hot
I Springs, S. D., are at the St. Francis.
! S. A. Brenner, a wealthy steel man
of Pittsburg, arrived at the St. Fran
cis yesterday.
! A. B. Spreckels and John Harper,
; who have been visiting Los Angeles,
! returned to this city last evening.
| B. A. Worthlngton, assistant direc
■ tor of maintenance and operations of
' the Harriman lines, who was in San
Francisco for several days on railroad
business, left for Chicago yesterday.
Dd, Ramon Lacson, Dr. Leon Guer
rero and E. Lopez, members of the
Philippine commission to the St. Louis
Exposition, who are returning to their
island home, arrived at the Palace
yesterday,
j Charles F. Spalding, who is prom
inently identified with the public af
i fairs of Chicago, and party of friends,
; who have been tourning the West, ar
rived here yesterday and are regis
■ tered at the St. Francis.
j Rev. G. F. Mosher of Shanghai and
I Bishop Restarick of Honolulu were
I among yesterday's arrivals from the
East. They are staying at the Occi
dental and will be passengers on the
outgoing steamship Manchuria.
Wong Kai Kah, imperial vice com
missioner of China fc> the St. Louis
Exposition and the members of his
family and his secretary arrived at
the Palace last night from the East
on their Avay to the Orient. Commis
sioner Wong accompanied Prince Pu
i Lun to this country and later assumed
1 charge of the Chinese exhibits at the
1 fair Before leaving for China Wong
! will confer with H. E. Dorsch, a dlrec-
I tor of the Lewis and Clark Exposition,
i who is now here, regarding China's
exhibit in Portland,
i ♦
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.—The follow
ing Callfornians arrived in New York
to-day:
From San Francisco —T. T. Chili, at
th* America; Miss E. Eggens, at the
Hotel Breslin; J. T. Kewish, at the
Gilsey House; H. B. Haines, at the
; New Amsterdam; R. Oxnard, at the
i Hotel Astor; J. Rapp and Miss B.
j Rapp, at the Imperial; Miss Rush, at
the Hoffman House; L. Schultz and
Miss H. Schultz, at the Imperial; H.
Swain, at the Cadillac; G. G. William
son, at the Hoffman House; A. Latz, at
the Imperial. S
From Los Angeles—Miss H. Spier,
at the Norman; T. O. Turner, at the
Murray Hill.
Improving School Facilities.
School Directors Altmann and Boyle
yesterday visited the Richmond Dis
trict and saw operations commenced
on the new four-room Bergerot school
house on Twenty-fourth avenue, near
Lake street. The residents are Jubi
lant over the improvement of school
facilities. The painting of the Rich
mond school was also begun, as well
an the building of two rooms in the
Pacific School.
Enameled Ware Economy
Dozcnstairs This Week :
Berlin Kettles, 37c—4 quarts, double
coated enamel, perfect.
Double Boiler, 60c —1^-quart one, for
rice or mush, enameled.
12-quart Dishpan, 35c —Good sized one,
double coated.
And other house helps are un
usual.
Clothes Hooks, 10c dozen—Japanned.
Pot Covers at 3c— Tin, all sizes.
Bread Boards, 13c—Handy to have In
the kitchen, square or round.
6c Dress Ginghams
111 st Herr Yesterday.
A splendid surprise, every wanted
color, dainty stripes and checks.
The new effects for spring. But th*
biggest surprise of all is that we
start selling it at 6c yard this morn
ing. It's on a table, main floor.
"Progressive Bunco"
The great nciv game for even
ing gatherings —soc a single
pack of 115 cards. 3d floor.
Van Deusen Cake Molds
make better cake. Demonstra
tions dozvnstaris.
Market Street. Near Sixth. S. F.
Says She Was Assaulted.
Lizzie Scheer, a 14-year-old do
mestic, told Policeman David Murphy
yesterday that she had been assaulted
by a physician in the McNutt building.
The girl declared that she had applied
to the doctor for treatment and was
brutally assaulted.
The police have taken no steps to
arrest the physician, as the girl does
not want to make any charge against
him. Lizzie Scheer lives at 262 Minna
street. Murphy, however, reported
the case to his superiors.
Do It To-Day.
Order Leslie Sterilized Salt. Free. running
for table. Velvet grain for kitchen. No ty
phoid. No contamination. All grocera. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
P P if m WW * B *k I I
Aa. a \J tm Il§l [' J ii sV I
39 STOCKTON ST.. NEAB. MARKET
TELEPHONE MAIN 6533
We endeavor to study our patrons' wants
and always quote the lowest possible mar
ket price. Quality always guaranteed.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
SPECIALS.
CREAMERY BUTTER, per square. 42c
Fresh and sweet.
RANCH EGGS, per dozen.... 29c
The very best.
SANTA BARBARA OLIVE OIL—
Absolutely pure.
Large bottle 70c; regular 86c
Small bottle 40c; regular 500
CIDER VINEGAR, per gal 30c, bet 10c
Reg. 40c gal.; bottle 15c.
Don't buy acid vinegar. Hera's the
pure article*
COMB NONET, 2 for 25c
Res. 20c each. White, southern.
NAVEL ORANGES, per dozen 22c
Reg. SOc. Extra fancy quality.
APETIT SiLD. 2 cans f r 25c
Reg. 16c can. Try this for an appetizer.
No. 1 MANZANILLA OLIVES, per at..,20c
Reg. 25c.
BASKET-FIRED JAPAN TEA per 1b.29c
Res. 40c. Quality good if price Is low.
Fresh California Peas, per can 15c
Code-Port*sod's Petits Pols. Reg. 30c.
RED SALMON, per can 10c
Reg. 15c.
0 X BOURBON \ All at same price
FINE OLD RYE \per bot... 75c
CALIFORNIA BRANDY) gal $3 00
Reg. $1; gal. $4.
All guaranteed pure and well aged.
Dogs-Had Ale and Porter, d0z...51.90
Reg. $2 15.
Never sold at this low figure.
WHITE WINE, per gal 40c
Reg. 60c. A light, refreshing beverage.
Eyes Itch, Blur,
Smart or Burn?
George Mayerle's Eyewater
CLEARS misty or blur-
S»T<A ring eyes, strengthens
weak eyes, cures painful.
Itching, discharging, in
■WN Jured, twitching or sore
eyes and floating spots,
feeling like sand In eyes; rests Ured eyes.
At rallable druggists', o*. direct fram Oeo-ga
Mayerie, German Expert Optician. 1071U
Market. S. F.. 50c: by mall, 62c. MAT
ERLE'S ANTISEPTIC EYEGLASS WIP
ERS. 2 FOR 26c.
(C7To avoid Injurious imitations be abso
lutely sure of the name "George Mayerie."
and number, 1071 Market street.
_^aa^ffi a ßFß l^f»*lfcs
If you want a good food for
your baby, — a food that is en
dorsed by physicians, a food that
contains a large amount of digestible
constituents, a food that feeds, a food
that will nourish, sustain and pro
mote the growth of your baby, — try
Meilin'a Food. We will send a sam
ple for you to try.
MELLIN'3 POOD CO, BOSTON, MASS.