gmmn*. THE WEATHER.
- Forecast made at San FYaneitco for
thirty hours ending midnight. Janu-
Franciaco and Tidnity—Pair
\^^ S * Thursday; light eortheast winds.
I / 1 \ A. G. MeADIB.
. <' / \ \r District Feraeaater.
VOLUME XCVII—NO, 36.
PORTLAND OFFICIALS ARE INDICTED
Ihe Mayor and Chief of Police of Portland were indicted yesterday on the charge of malfeasance in
office. They are accused of having refused to enforce the statutes passed by the last Legislature regulating
gambling. Indictments were also returned against the recently deposed City Engineer, two of 'his inspect
ors and two contractors for alleged fraud in connection with the building of a sewer.
Mayor and Chief of
Police Involved
in Scandal.
PERMIT GAMBLING
Sewer Work Frauds
Are Charged to
Engineer.
SWINDLE 'ON CITY
PORTLAND, Jan. 4.—George H.
IWilllams, former Chief Justice of Ore
gon Territory, former United States
Senator from the State of Oregon,
Attorney General in President Grant's
second Cabinet, Mayor of Portland and
a man with the snow of eighty-three
winters upon his head, was indicted
by the Grand Jury of Multnomah
County to-day on the charge of mal
feasance in office. The indictment al
leges that on July 13. 1904, while
Judge Williams was Mayor of Port
land and acting in that capacity he re
fused to enforce the statures regulat
ing gambling. The law, which was
passed at the last session of the Legis
lature, gives the Mayor power to close
dif-orderly houses within four miles of
thi city and it is alleged that he failed
to avail himself'of That power.
An indictment against Chief of Po
lice Hunt is almost identical with that
returned against Mayor Williams,
charging" that he knowingly permitted
a gambling game to be conducted at
the Portland Club. Peter Grant and
Nathan Solomon are the proprietors
of the club. Solomon recently was
convicted of conducting a gambling
plsfre.
Indictments were also returned !
against TV. C. Elliott, recently deposed ■
as City Engineer; against his inspec
tors, J. M. Caywood and Henry Chand-
X—. and against E- W. and R- M.
Riner. contractors.
The indictments against Elliott, Cay- '
wood. Chandler and the Riners charge
obtaining money from the city by false
pretense* and are the result of the in
vestigation of the alleged Lanner
Creek sewer frauds. The indictment
recites that the contract was awarded
to the Riners by the executive board;
that the work was not done in accord
ance with the contract; that Caywood j
certified that it had been properly
done; that the report was approved by j
Elliott as City Engineer, and the work I
was accepted by the Executive Board, j
Other indictments returned by the j
(i r tnd Jury were against J. X. Flesh
man and M. G. Nease. managers of the
Warwick Club, a poolroom, for main
taining a nuisance.
General Williams gave tne following
statement concerning the indictment
against him:
'The indictment charges me with no
criminal offense. It simply accuses me
of not having instructed the Chief of
Police to do what was plainly his duty,
liy duties in regard to the suppression
cf gambling were clearly set forth by
the Supreme Coyrt of this State last
Winter when it was undertaken to com- j
pel rr.f to tiose the ga-nbling resorts in j
this city by means of a mandamus.
"In that decision the court held that
the eloping of gambling was plainly a
• duty <>f the Chief of Pohce, to ba done
viihout instructions from me.
"Further than this I don't think that
any explanation is necessary."
STATE TO HAVE
TWO GOVERNORS
Democrats Decide to Have
Alva Adams Take Oath
of Office in Colorado
DENVER. Jan. 4.—No action was
taken by the Legislature to-day looking
toward a settlement of the Gubernato
rial contest, and It is not likely that
anything in this direction will be un
dertaken at the first session to-mor
row.
When the Senate meets to-morrow an
attempt will be made to oust two Sen
ators. It requires a two-thirds vote to
deprive a member of his seat, and the
Republicans have but nineteen Sena
tors against f.fteen Democrats. The
plan most in favor to-night is to re
consider the vote by which they were
seated two years ago.
The Supreme Court this morning di
rected that an inquiry be made into
the conduct of the last election in this
city, and ordered that it assume the
scope asked by the Republicans. This
means that the Investigation shall not
only take in the ballot-boxes, but the
poll-books, registration slips and all
other matters pertaining to the elec
tion.
The application of Alva Adams for
a modification of the order, limiting: it
to the ballot-boxes only, was denied.
The order was. however, modified in
the matter of expense.
The Democrats have decided that on
January 10. the date prescribed by the
statutes, they will have Alva Adams
sworn in as Governor of the State.
The oath will be administered by Jus
tice Steele of the Supreme Court. The
hour and plate of the ceremony have
not been definitely settled. As Pea
body does not intend to surrender of
fice the State will have two Governors
tintil the case is finally decided.
There has so far been not the slight
est evidence of any disturbance, nor
has there been in any direction any
Indication of a breach of the Deace be
cause of the political situation.
THE San Francisco CALL
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF THE METROPOLIS OF OREGON. WHO HAS BEEN' INDICTED BT THE GRAND JCRT OF Mt'LTNO
MAH COUNTY FOR ALLEGED MALKKAHAVE IN OFFICE. IT BEING CHARGED THAT HE REFUSED TO ENFORCE
THE RECENTLY ENACTED LAWS REGULATING GAMBLING. |
TREATMENT
THAT CURES
PNEUMONIA
Oxygen Used Suc
cessfolly by Chicago
Physician.
Si>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Jan. 4.—Chicago physi
cians soon will be called upon to hear
a technical paper on the use of oxygen
in pneumonia, prepared by Dr. H. J.
Burwash. So successful has been the
system of treatment adopted by Dr.
Burwash that he contemplates giving
to the profession all of the data that
has been gathered in a strenuous sea
son of practice
"Only recently I arrived at the bed
side of a patient who was blue and ap
parently nearly dead from pneumonia,"
said Dr. Burwash to-day. "The usual
plan of administering oxygen failed of
results. I sent gas into the body by
way of the bowels, and in three min
utes the skin glowed a healthy pink.
The organs Beemed to take up their
normal functions, the pulse"* became
steady and the lung cells began to per
form their ddties. The absorption, as
it were, of the oxygen by the viscera
was instantaneous.
"If I had not had such good results
from this way of administering oxygen
ir. severe cases of pneumonia I would
not be so positive in favoring it. But
if the pulmonary passages are clogged
and the patient gets little, If any, of
the oxygen into the lungs by the ordi
nary method of administering oxygen,
why not diffuse gas through the tissues
by the injection method? I have de
layed presenting this matter to the at
tention of my colleagues because of
professional activity."
KING-EMPEROR DISSOLVES
THE DIET OF HUNGARY
Francis Joseph's Speech From tbe
Throne Ignores Parliamentary
Obstructionists.
BUDAPEST, Hungary, Jan. 4.—
The King-Emperor Francis Joseph
formally dissolved the Diet to-day in
a speech from the throne dealing with
the parliamentary situation. The
speech proved to be a mild document,
containing no criticism of parliamen
tary obstruction.
The date of the elections has been
fixed to begin January 28. The law
requires that all the elections must be
held within ten days thereafter.
FAIRMONT
PLANS WILL
BE CHANGED
Mrs Oelrichs Has Decided
That an Apartment House
on California Street Hill
Will Be Better Investment
TAKES ADVICE OF
THOMAS MAGEE JB.
Immediate Remodeling of
Hand r \e Structure Has
Been by Owner
Through Her Agent Here
Members of San Francisco's 400 who
have been looking pleasantly forward
to the functions that would have at
tended the opening, a year hence, of
the Fairmont Hotel, will never have
their happy expectations realized. Mrs.
Hermann Oelrichs has changed her
plans and abandoned the project for a
magnificent hostelry. In Its stead she
will open a swell apartment house on
the Nob Hill property—an establish
ment that will compare with anything
of its character in the world.
This anouncement was made at the
Palace Hotel last evening by Mrs.
Oelrichs* local representative, Thomas
Magee Jr., who has Just returned from
the East, where he conferred with
Mrs. Oelrichs concerning her interests
here and advised her to abandon her
plans for the Fairmont Hotel. Thomas
Magee's advice to his client was con
curred in by the architects of the
Fairmont and her brother-in-law and
sister, Mr. and Mrs. Vanderbilt, and
finally resulted in her complying with
their suggestion. Accordingly the
architect, who had been hurriedly sum
moned to New York, was instructed to
return immediately to San Francisco
for the purpose of altering the interior
platas of the structure.
In persuading Mrs. Oelrichs to accept
his views in the matter, Thomas Magee
Jr. clearly presented to her many facts
that go to show that a hotel on the
hill, isolated from the center of the
city as it would be and with the ex
pense that would be Incurred In fur
nishing it elaborately, together with the
possibilities of it falling into the hands
of T>oor managers, might prove to be
a disastrous financial investment.
Having "made this convincing argument
Thomas Magee Jr. was then called
upon to suggest a substitute for the
hotel and he promptly laid before his
client his ideas of an elegant apart-
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1905.
ACCIDENT
ENDS LIFE
OF HEIRESS
Chicago Girl Shot
While Cleaning
a Rifle.
—* —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, 5 an. 4.—Mies Murial
Byram, 24 years old, of 2909 Michigan
avenue, a young woman well known
In society, was killed to-day by the ac
cidental discharge of a cartridge in a
rlflp she was cleaning. Miss Byram
was preparing for a hunting trip
through Southern California. She was
to have left for Pasadena to-morrow
afternoon."
Miss Byram was an heiress and one
of the most popular of South Side
young women. She had a "coming
out" party about three winters ago,
and two years ago was one of the so
ciety group appointed to entertain Miss
Alice Roosevelt during horse-show
week. She gave a luncheon in honor of
Miss Roosevelt in her Michigan-avenue
home.
Miss Byram possessed unusual beau
ty, was an accomplished horsewoman
and loved outdoor sports.
Prince Henry of. Prussia during his
visit to this country a couple of years
ago met Miss Byram. He became very
attentive to her and several times re
marked to acquaintances that she was
the most beautiful woman he had ever
seen.
+ — 4.
ment house, possessed of one of the
most magnificent views in America and
charmingly located in one of the most
fashionable sections of San Francisco.
In two days' time Mrs. Oelrichs had
erased from her mind the thoughts of
her handsome hostelry and was eagerly
discussing with her adviser plans for
the apartment house. In confirming
the story of the proposed abandon
ment of the hotel project, Thomas
Magee Jr. said last night:
Mrs. Oelrichs haa acted most wisely and
probably saved many thousands of dollars.
Hhe now ahal#s with us tRe opinion that the
apartment house project ia more advisable than
that of a hotel, the success of which alwava
hinges upon so many things. Little change
will be necessary in the plans of the struc
ture to convert it into an apartment house,
for it waa originally planned so that It might
be remodeled. Tbe principal changes will be
made on the lower floors, where much space
has been allotted by the architects for hotel
lobbies, sitting and smoking rooms.
From now 'on work on the building; will be
hurried along as fast aa tha material can be
furnished, and the magnificent structure will
probably.be completed many months before the
time it was contemplated that a hotel couia
be made ready for occupancy.
LAND FRAUD
DISCLOSURE
IN MONTANA
Charges Are Filed
Witb Secretary x
Hitchcock,
Indians and "Dummy" Men
and Women Utilized by
Swindlers.
Startling Allegations Said to Involve
Millionaire Conrad of Irrigation
Canal Fame
Special Disratch to Tta« CalL
GREAT FALLS, Mont.. Jan. 4.— W.
G. Conrad, one of the best known of
Montana millionaires, •is involved in
charges of land frauds in the Informa
tion imparted to Secretary of the In
terior Hitchcock, according to mes
sages received from Washington to
day. Startling allegations of fraud.
It is said, have been made to the effect
that immense tracts of tlm'oer and ag
ricultural land in Cascade and Mis
soula counties have been taken up and
patents secured througn- fraudulent
means. Perjured evidence, it is al
leged, was the principal method em
ployed. Patents, it is charged, were
secured to large tracts of desert land
northwest of Great Falls, title to which
has been transferred to W. G- Conrad.
An immense territory is included in
the transfer to Conrad, the lands be
ing embraced in a district Irrigated by
the Conrad irrigating duch. one of the
Largest individual irrigating projects
in the State.
According to information presented
to. the Interior Department about a
score of Indians took up timber claims
in Missoula County, which in turn were
turned over to prominent Missoula cit
izens, about twelve of the latter being
included in the charge of fraud.
Charges of wholesale frauds near
Libby, Flathead County-, ere made, it
bling alleged that the land companies
have swindled the Government out of
gigantic tracts. "Dummy" men and
women. It Is said, have played a large
part in tbe frauds practiced, wealthy
men of the State having obtained pos
session, of large tracts of mining lands
carrying*eopper. silver and gold ores.
Inspectors will be sent to Montana
at efnee to conduct a rigorous investiga
tion, which promises to be fruitful of
disclosures which, it is claimed, will
rival any hitherto made concerning
land frauds in the Northwest.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 4.—ln connec
tion with the land fraud developments,
interest attaches to the Investigation c-f
alleged fraudulent desert land entries
in Montana on which special agents
have been engaged. Senator Gibson of
that State many months ago sent two
letters to the Commissioner of the Gen
eral Office, forwarding com
plaints of citizens that there were
frauds in this class of entries. Desert
land entries since then have been
rigidly investigated. The complaints
were that the lands entered were not
taken in good faith, were not being
irrigated and were not entered for cul
tivation purposes, as required by law.
It was stated at the General L<and
Office to-day that the complaints were
more general than specific, but that
cases c-f this sort have been under in
vestigation in Montana and elsewhere
for some months.
SATCHEL HOLDS
MANY PAPERS
Attorney for the Receiver
Delves Into Mrs. Chad
wick's Private Effects
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Jan. 4.—Louis
Grossman, attorney for Receiver Na
than Loesser. to-day opened and made
a cursory examination of the contents
of the satchel belonging: to Mrs. Cas
sie L. Chadwick. which has been the
subject of much speculation. The
trunk belonging - to Mrs. Chadwick
will be opened to-morrow. According
to Grossman, the satchel, contained a
large number of documents and pa-'
pers of various kinds. Some jewelry
also- was found.
Mrs. Chadwick said to-day that a
formal statement relative to her af
fairs in financial transactions is in the
possession of a "private party" in
New York City and that it could not
be given to the public until Mrs. Chad
wick gave her consent. The instant
effect of her statement now held by
the "party" in New York, Mra Chad
wick said, would be to clear her of
all suspicion of alleged wrongdoing
and would show that she and her hus
band had been the victims of circum
stances and not of any crime of their
own commission.
GIVES A MILLION DOLLARS
TO KING'S HOSPITAL FUND
Lord Mountetephen Makes a Very
Large New Year's Gift to
Charity.
LONDON, Jan. 4.—Lord Mount-
Stephen, formerly president of the
Canadian Pacific Railroad, has pre
sented to the King's hospital fund as
a New Year's gift $500,000 in Argen
tina funding bonds and $500,000 in
Buenos Ay res water works bonds,
yielding an annual income of $55,000.
WAR CRAFT
IS LOST IN
THE STORM
Anxiety Oyer the New
Gunboat cnatta
pooga,
Fails to Return Prom Trial
Trill Oil.the Coast oi
Rhode Island.
Blizzard Claim? Seien Victims in New
York and Causes Untold
Suffering.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
NEWPORT, R. L. Jan. 4.—Naval
officers here were concerned to-night
ac to the whereVbouts of the gunboat
Chattanooga, which went to sea In a
gale early yesterday afternoon for her
official endurance trial of twenty-four
hours.
A k-owling nor'easter prevailed when
the Chattanooga went to sea and soon
a storm of sleet and snow oft
the coast. The storm lasted all night.
At the life saving station on the south
shore the velocity of wind was regis
tered at fifty miles an hour.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.—Not in several
years has New York been visited by a
storm of such proportions as that
which commenced yesterday and con
tinued until early to-day. Nine inches
of snow fell, paralysing traffic, and the
marked drop in the temperature
brought suffering to the city's poor.
The blizzard caused seven deaths in
New York and vicinity, while many
persons, overcome' by the cold, dropped
to the streets, some of them receiving
fractured bones.
Five of the men who met death from
the storm died from exposure; another
slipped on the icy platform of an ele
vated station, fell in front of an ap
proaching train and was ground to
pieces, while the seventh, L. W. Eller,
a conductor on the Pennsylvania Rail
road, blinded by the driven snow, step
ped in front or • limited train at South
Amboy, N. J., and wits killed.
It is estimated that the storm will
cost the New York City Railway Com
pany more than $100,000.
Incoming ocean liners report a bliz
zard at sea. The Teutonic and Ar
menian from Liverpool, the Furnessia
from Glasgow, and the Princess Vic
toria Louise from Hamburg are at
quarantine after tempestuous passages,
but outside the bar are several vessels
from European and South American
ports.
To-day 5000 men were put at work
cleaning the streets of New York and
to-morrow the number will be doubled.
The effects of the blizzard were felt
at most points along the New England
and Middle Atlantic coasts. So far no
marine fatalities have been reported.
Hurricane in Yucatan.
CITY OF MEXICO. Jan. 4.—A hur
ricane has been blowing "along the
coast of Yucatan, causing much dam
age. Small houses were blown down
and the custom-house boat at Chaes
tum was hurled against a reef and
destroyed. No loss of life has been
reported.
CHANGES URGED
FOR PRISONS
More Cells, a Reformatory
For First Offenders and
Wall at Folsom Suggested
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 4.—The report
of the State Board of Charities and
Corrections made public to-day again
calls attention to the overcrowded con
ditions of the prisons at San Quentln
and Folsom. The report in this con
nection quotes as follows from a report
made twenty-four years ago:
Tills doubling up or congregating ot pris
oners we regard as one of the great evils of
our system. It renders classification simply
Impossible. It necessarily brings the younger
and lest, criminal classes in dally contact and
association with the vilest and meat degraded
elements of criminal life, thereby destroying
more effectually any good qualities l that may
remain, without in the slightest degree re
deeming the utterly vicious. This sort of as
sociation is doubtless the causj of hundreds
of returns to prison, and of course the com
mission of hundreds of crimes.
It is stated that this assertion is ap
plicable at the present date. It is the
opinion of the board that California
should have a reformatory for first of
fenders modeled after the best institu
tions of that kind in other States.
The report recommends that addi
tional cells be built at once and favors
some form of severe punishment for
troublesome prisoners, such as the
straitjacket. It adds:
It is our beat Judgment that a law should be
passed by the next legislature providing that
no prisoner shall be confined in the straitjacket
in any «*»e for a longer period than four hours
consecuUvely without an opportunity to rest
for a length of two hours. So that there may
be no danger of injury from over-severity of
the punishment the prison physician should be
required by rule of the prison directors to ex
amine the prisoner before the application of
the straitjacket (as Is now done) and to see
the Ja<eket applied each time It is pat on and
to certify over his signature In the punishment
book that the placing was properly done so aa
not to cause injury.
Attention is called to the need of a
wail at Folsom.
Shipment of Nitrate for Japan.
SEATTLE. Jan. 4.—More than 1000
tons of nitrate for' shipment to Japan
arrived here to-day on the German
steamer Neko.
. THE THEATER*. - ,
ALCAZAR— "Old Heidelberg 1 ." Wk Jflß
ALllAMßßA—Oadski. flflSK
CALIFORNIA "Yon Yonson " !
"**IULI.'MBI.\ — "Sultan of Sulu " jJK T \
CENTRAL--"* nild Slaves of New TT*r»llVß»x
York." aa^eW
CHt'TKS Vaudeville. WMBSMU mAA.
FlSCHEß'S—Vaudeville. W Wflfltl ] M
GRAND--"The Darling of the Gods"; nvVlll I
matinee to-day. "Madame Butter- fwHli liM
fly," "My Aunt's) Advice." J, ,M_\_\\m WkW^K
MAJESTIC—"HeId by tho Enemy." nPf/__~\mJ !H
Matinee to-day. i^J~fj MT pjtt
OR PHEUM—Vaudeville. Matinee to- [-7A7
day. I//7 _\ I
TIVOU— "Kin* Dodo."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
GOVERNOR
WILL NOT
TAKE PART
Declares Neutrality
in tiie Senato
rial Fight
Denies That He Has Given
Hints in Favor ol
Any Aspirant .
Puts an End to the Gossip That He Is
Showing a Preference for the
Candidacy of Flint.
♦
Special Dispatch to Tho CaJL
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 4.—Governor
| Pardee to-day told a representative of
'. The Call that there was not a single
j element of truth In the report that he
| had expressed a preference for any one
I of the candidates for the United States
| Senate. Moreover, he asserts in plain
1 and positive terms that he is not in
' the business of making United States
Senators and that he has never given
j the slightest hint or suggestion in favor
j of any particular aspirant for the Sen
| ate. This declaration of neutrality on
' the part of the Governor will put an
i end, so It Is said, to the gossip in sev
! eral Senatorial camps that the chief
| executive of the State is showing a
! preference for the candidacy of Flint,
iAs nearly as can be forecasted at this
■ time the line-up on the first ballot
' for Senator next Tuesday will be as
I follows:
Bard —Senators Anderson. Belshaw,
Broughton, Greenwell, Leeke, Lukens,
Rowell and Woodward. Aanernblymen
—Amerldge, Barnes. Bliss, Chandler.
Coghlan. Cromwell. Dorsey, Drew,
Ellis, Espey, Estudillo, John, John
stone, Held, Jury. King. Manwell, Me-
Kenney, Perkins, Prescott, Pyle,
Slavin, Tripp, Waste and Weyand—33.
Flint — Senators Carter, French,
Hahn, Lynch, Muenter, Pendleton,
Ram bo. Savage, Simpson and Ward.
Assemblymen Burke, Busick. Cleve
land. Cooper. Devlin, Gates, Goodrich,
Houser. Jarvis, Johnson, Lucey, Mc-
Cartney, McNamara, Micheltree. Moore,
O'Brien, Olmsted, Stanton. Strow
bridge, Thompson, Transue, Wicker
sham. Beardslee and Bates —34.
Knight—Senators Irish, Leavitt, Mc-
Kee. Ralston, Russell, Selvage, Welsh.
Assemblymen Boyle, Branstetter.
Coyle, Crelghton, Duryea, Lynch. Mc-
Gowan, Rolley, Walsh and Tread
well— 17.
Fisk—Senators Haskins. Markey.
Mattos, Shortridge, Wolfe, Wright and
Bauer. Assemblymen Arnerich, Jones
of San Francisco, Pfaefne, Severance
and Gans. •
Ruef —Senators Keane, Nelson and
Bunkers. Assemblymen Anthony, At
kinson. Cullen, Hartman, Meincke.
Mindham. Strohl and Vogel—ll.
Unclassified—Senator Coggins and
Assemblyman Whiting.
SENATE NAMES
MANY ATTACHES
Members of the Third House
Invade Chamber to Pro
mote Candidacy of Flint
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 4.—Walter Par
ker of Los Angeles. Herrln's accredited
agent, who is aiding Jere Burke, Johnny
Lynch and Johnny McKenzie in pro
moting the interests of Frank H. Flint
for United States Senator, invaded the
Senate chamber this morning and fur
nished the principal topic of conversa
tion. There was little to be done at
the morning session of the upper house
so Parker was. not annoyed in his but
tonholing occupation by arguments
over bills or other questions, and en
joyed a free field.
To the right and to the left and be
tween Senators he seated himself and
bent the weight of his Influence wher
ever he could get an ear. An inter
ested group of Senators stood by the
President's desk watching Parker as
he did politics.
"Pretty raw, isn't it?" said one of the
group. "The last time we had a sena
torial fight here this kind of work was
done midst the luxury of a private car
side-tracked down in the repair yards.
They feel a little bolder this time, how
ever, and it wouldn't surprise me much
to see one of the third house take the
President's seal before the game is
over and direct affairs from that point
of vantage. However, it may be that
Parker is just rounding up things In
a hurry, because I hear the third house
expects an order any minute that it is
j best that it adjourn sine die and light
out for San Francisco."
CODES FOR THE MEMBERS.
When the Senate convened this
morning resolutions were introduced
providing for the supplying of the
members with codes, stamps, station
ery and ell things that go to lighten
the burdens of a solon. The commit
tee appointed to pass on the resolution
presented by Woodward, providing that
all bills presented amendatory of other
acts shall have the new portion under
scored and the portion to be eliminated
from the old bill included in bracketl.
recommended that the resolution be
adopted. Though the resolutkfn was to
be taken up under special order, a mo
tion that it be put over till to-morrow
prevailed.
A few of the younger Senators ob
1 Continued on Page 2, Column 1.2
a oTI 11 ID CICIZ'C SHOW OF STRENGTH IN SENATORIAL FIGHT COMES AS A
AKInUK rIOKO SURPRISE TO OTHER ASPIRANTS FOR THE COVETED TOGA
PERKINS THOUGHT TO BE BEHIND POSTMASTER
Wants the South
to Name the
Senator.
Battle Becoming
More anil More
Involved.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 4.—The devel
opment of strength in the camp of
Postmaster Arthur Flsk causes no end
■of comment at the headquarters of the
other aspirants for the honor which
"the Legislature is about to confer. At
• "the outset little attention was paid to
• the introduction of Fisk's candidacy.
• tho popular impression being that it
signified simply that the desire of a
few members to rind a roosting-olace
• for several ballots.
' Now it is suspected that the clever
. .h-and of the senior Senator, George
' C. Perkins, is deftly eliminating from
the general bunch a block of votes
that may be thrown to either Bard or
.-.Flint in the event of any formidable
4evelopment of strength in favor of
Knigh.'s candidacy. Some of the
.v isest onlookers are coming to the be
lie t that the Southern Pacific is mold
ing thr sold brick for Flint and fitting
! the toga for Knight. It is asserted
that George Hatton, who, at the open
. in>j of the campaign, undertook the
•labor of guiding Oxnard's political
bark through the shoals of opposition,
is now full Hedged manager of Ar
thur Fisk's campaign.
. Hatton, on behalf of Flsk. is quietly
rounding up the legislators that are
known as Perkins sympathizers—men
th,:; have supported Perkins in the
pact, that are now enjoying his favors
and hope in the future to aid him in
attaining his ambitions, and to bask
in the future in the sunshine of his
generosity.
These friends of Senator Perkins per
ceive the danger that lurks ahead for
their favorite statesman, should a man
from the north place the toga in his
trunk and whisk away for Washing
ton.
Th. j y want a southern man. and if
', they tir.d a legislator that will promise
no sunport to either Bard or Flint they
are not loth to discuss the merits of
EE. E. Huntington, to recite the ser
vices ni D. S. Grant or to casually re
fer to the availability of Henry T.
(rttgp. Any man from the south seems
. tt) suit when they are talking to a. man
that waves his arms at mention of
Flint or Bard. They want a man from
the south, that Perkins will have no
question of • political equilibrium to
face four years hence.
They want things wide open in the
north four years from now, and, in
conclusion, it may be said that Metcalf
would like tt see things wide open in
tile north when that time comes and
that even our good Governor would
shudder we're he to contemplate the po
litical doors of the north closed by the
clamoring south.
The open door in the north is what
is wanted and every energy is being
bent to see that that of the south ia
closed with a bang when the name of
the n*»w Senator from California is
Written in the records.
. Henry T. < >xnard left here this after
noon for San Francisco. His depart
ure was quiet and it was late in the
evening before the word got out that
the southerner had gone below to look
into matters there. T*hen the prepara
tions foT a general exodus to-morrow
and Friday began.
. George A. Knight probably will leave
lor the city to-morrow. Flint nay go
on the same train, but he has not as
yet announced his intentions. A ma
jority of the AFsemblymen and Sena
tors will go to the city for Saturday
and Sunday, and there the contest that
is. now moving backward and forward
here v II go on.
FAREWELL BANQUET TO
ATTORNEY H. I. KOWALSKY.
Well Known Lawyer Guest of Friends
on Eve of His Departure
for the East.
Attorney Henry I. Kowalsky, who
■ will soon leave for New York City,
where he is to locate permanently, was
the guest at a farewell banquet at the
Palace Hotel last evening given by a
number of his friends. There were
about one hundred persons present.
Congressman Julius Kahn presided and
the function was fraught with the ora
_ torical eloquence of many prominent
local speakers, among whom were the
following: Julius Kahn, Justice F. W
Henshaw, D. M. Delmas, Mayor
Kchmitz, Professor A. Van Der Naillen
.• T. J. Lyons, Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Jules
Clerfayt, A. Ruef, Judge Frank H
Kerrigan. Rev. Father Joseph P. Mc-
Quaide, T. J. Crowley, Edward Lande
and Rev. Dr. B. M. Kaplan.
Nobility Appeals for Reform.
NOVGOROD, Russia, Jan. 4.—The
nobility of Novgorod has memorial
ized the throne to summon a repre
sentative body, so as to best safe
guard the monarchy.
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
CONSUMPTION
Hope, fresh air, rest and
Scott's Emulskm are the
greatest remedies for con
sumption. Scott's Emulsion
will always bring comfort and
relief — often cure. . Scott's
Emulsion does for the con
sumptive what medicine alone
cannot do. It's the nourish
ment in it that takes the pa
tient long strides toward
health.
We'll send yon ft sample free.
SCOTT Sl BOW NIC ace Pearl Street, New York.
• • /:. :■ 1
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE LOWER HOUSE OF THE STATE LEGISLATURE. NOW IX SESSION AT SACRAMENTO.
WHO ARE WELL VERSED IN LEGISLATIVE MATTERS AND WHOSE VOICES WILL BE HEARD IN DEBATE WHEN
ANY IMPORTANT BILLS COME UP FOR. CONSIDERATION.
MAKE PLACES
FOR WORKERS
Assemblymen Distribute,the
Choice Political Plums and
Their Followers Are Happy
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 4. —Chairman
Transue tendered the report this
morning of the Committee on At
taches of the Assembly and the fol
lowing were allowed patronage as des
ignated by the Assemblymen:
Assistants to chief clerk at $6—Charles
Thompson, Ed Hinkle, C. A. Kyle.
Minute clerks at Sti—J. Steppacher. J.
Wright; assistants at *s—Ed GUI. William
Harry, B. S. Wilson, J. A. Moynehan, Ed
OBriea.
File clerk, $fV—W C. Gulrey.
Chaplain, 54—Rev. G. C. King.
History clerk. |o—Percyo—Percy Hlght.
Journal clerk. $t>—R. L. Dempsey; assistants,
] $5 — Howell, R. Fuller, J. McCarthy.
I Frank E. Redell, J. R. Arellanes, V. Dolan.
Engrossing and enrolling clerk at $O—J. J.
! Murphy: assistant, $O—T.0 —T. J. Walker; assistants
| at $5 —J. M. Jones, J. H. Long. S. D. Barclay.
; J. A. Martin, li. Lagrave, Jesse Seller, W. B.
i Stewart. W. A Price, Don R. Dunbar, George
! Kum is. Mrs 'F. P. Mouser.
Bookkeeper to sergeant at arms, S5 —C. W.
Haub; assistants. |s—B. Cohn, E. B. Can-, T\
M. M. Gilbert, J. Entough, A. Machen, J. A.
, Kirk, B. N. Harford. George Whitehead, James
iJ. Beatty.
Stenographers at S6—Miss Adeline Stanton,
Miss P. Gaylor, Miss Ethel Thomas, G. P.
Mouser, Cornelia O'Brien, Mrs. L. Sherbourne,
E. E. Beberding. Mabel E. Waste, Miss O.
Wagner, Mias Ollie Smith.
Bill clerks at S4—S. O. Tyler, Ed Haight.
Bill fliers at $4—C. W. Curtis, Charles, Ol
iver, F. L. Whitney, A. Brannon, W. Haynes,
Thomas Dolen, Henry Nelson, H. A. Russell,
John F. Murray.
Committee clerk* at |4 —Miss E. Barnett, W.
F. James, C. W. Hates, E. H. Beardstee, L. A.
Bills, J. Bailey, John Kersey, Joseph Coughlln,
B. J. Blaiedell, Edna Garvin, E. S. Havens, M.
E. Dorsey, John B. Best, C. A. Gutte, Thomas
A. Green. Edward Mero, F. N. Whtttaker.
Miss B. McGee. Harry Wlsso, L. King, John
Marumey, P. J. Kennedy, Ralph McCornlsh,
George P. Wennis, J. F. Carrere, Reno Young,
M. R. Fuller, John Johnson, S. C. Balch,
Henry King. H. Baker. W. Williams, R. Bali,
E. W. Lawrence, H. Z. Herzog, C. W. Talbot,
Miss May Brown, Miss Ada Rehan, Miss-Linda
Spurlock, Maurice Beahn.
Sergeants at arms to committees at $4 —D.
B. Femer. O. Schoomacher. W. W. Bench
ley, A. P. Brown, C. W. Mahoney, J. J. Wal
ters. Hugh Murphy, Phillip Ambrose, N. Vil
lanos, A. B. Smith, S. O. Richardson, T. J.
Green, J. Carroll. A. A. Friedlander. James
S. Strachan, R. Fullway.
Assistants to committee clerks at $4 A.
Varsberg, Miss Lena Jackson, L. Duryea M.
Mulcahy, T. C. Connelly, M. M. Miller, Mrs"
S. E. Moore, Mrs. A. Newman, Walter Ma
rino. O. G. Whiting. F. Padurrer, May Dof
fleld.
Clerk to minority at 16— E. Baxter.
Postmistress at 14—Mrs. Pauline Smith
Assistant postmistress at $4— Miss Nleta
Taylor and Mlse Evelyn Brill.
Watchman at 14 —Herbert Br ice.
Assistant watchman at $4 —Emmett Hodges
H. Camp, Edward Kane. I
Doorkeepers at 13—P. CConnell and William
Richards.
Mall carrier at |3 —Wash Senna.
Gatekeepers at S3—William MUllgan, O. E.
Goodell, W. Connell. James Anderson, J. J.
W'alsh, A. Daugherty, Joseph Blodgett
Ladies' cloakroom attendants at |3 —Mrs.
Sherman and Miss Lena Harris.
Porters at S3—John Koford, A. S. Hall. Jo
seph Moore, H. W. Jones, H. W. Bennett,
W. J. Simpson. James A. Churchill, I. D.
Oherry.seC. D. Mooney, J. J. Hansbury. Frank
M.Mahon, Robert Naffle, William Peterson
and John Palm.
Pages—Sanford Barnes, William Murphy,
Ray Nichols, Lester Summerfleld, Edward
Curran. Eddie Fitzgerald and George Berry.
The Assembly then adjourned un
til to-morrow morning.
NEW HAVEN, Jan. 4.—Th* report that
President A. J. Caasatt of the Pennsylvania
Railroad has been elected a director of the
New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad
was officially confirmed by President C. 8.
Mcllvn of the latter road to-night.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1905.
SENATE NAMES'
MANY ATTACHES
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
ject to the measure because they have
arrived with their pockets bulging with
bills already prepared for presentation,
and they complain that if the resolu
tion is adopted they must do their work
all over again. However, the advan
tages to be gained by the Senate as
a whole, if the resolution is carried,
probably will result in the overruling
of the objections that have been raised
and the adoption of the resolution.
When the Senate reconvened at 'S
o'clock this afternoon Woodward's res
olution came up in a new form con
tained in a resolution presented by Lu
kens, the object being to force a vote.
The effort failed, however, and the res
olution will not go to a vote until to
morrow, at which time sample bills, to
be prepared by State Printer Shannon,
will be on hand for inspection. This
question disposed of, the report of the
Committee on Mileage was presented
and adopted, the sums allowed the Sen
ators ranging from 20 cents up to
$116 40, the latter sum being drawn by
Ward of Chula Vista. .Resolutions pro
viding for the appointment of attaches
of the Senate were next adopted, posi
tions being, provided as follows:
STATUTORY APPOINTMENTS.
Assistant at the desk—D. J. Shields, |5 per
day.
Assistant sergeants at arms—C. E. Cogxtns,
A. O. Bowley, B. F. Newby and D. Danahy,
$5 per day each.
Assistant minute clerks—W. R. Porter, C. E.
Talbot and S. S. Marsha. $6 per day each.
Journal clerk —F. W. Cook. $6 per day; as
sistant Journal clerks—E. Eggers and H. O.
Wright. $5 per day each.
Engrossing and enrolling clerk—E. E. John
son, S8: assistant engrossing and enrolling
clerks—C R. Olney, Annie C. McNealy and E.
F. Leeke, $5.
History clerk —Charles Canfleld, |6; assistant
history clerk— O. Hemme, S5.
Bill fliers—Robert Frost, "William Byrne, Ar
thur Englehart, L. Gtovenessi. Frank H. De
pue, Robert Stratheam and Oscar Bouts, S4.
Postmistress—Bessie Woodward. $4; assistant
postmistress—Callle Johnson. $4; mall car
riers—g. W. Pratt and Otto Brockoutsz. $3.
Gattkeepera—William Veale, Joseph del
Valle 8. Roberts and Peter Savage, |3; gal
lery "doorkeeper—B. C. Ruiz, $3.
Messengers to State Printer—William Rob
ertson and Charles Orr. $3.
Skilled stenographers—M. McNlero, J. F.
tjedgnore, Alice Birdsall, A. C. Washburn and
H. Dale. $5.
Watchmen —G. A. Gillespie, William Gaff
ney. P. Elfendahl, S3.
Press mailing clerks —Clarence Btern and T.
D. It-
PATRONAGE APPOINTEES.
Stenographers at |5 per day—H. J. Alex
ander. Alice Burchers, C. W. Neal, R. D. Old
field, Myrtle Barr, Kate V. Harmon.
Bill fliers at $4 —A. R. Wlnans. John Falk
enstein J. B. Tltherlngton, George F. Staeg
ltgh lit Dannenbaum, E. G. Perkins, Robert
MoKot, E. Orcutt, E. McCabe, Frank Queir
ollo, C. H. Cuinbley.
Mailing clerks at $4 —Walter Smith. Q. Love
grove, William Wallace and W. J. Murray.
File clerk at |5 —R. Savage; file clerk at
$4—Morris Marks. , c
Am-ndment clerk at $4 —Edward T. Talbot;
amendment clerk at S3 60—Mrs. E. Robert
son; amendment clerks at $4 —H. Campbell,
Fred Woerner and John C. Wray.
Assistant minute clerk at ft—W. J. Wil
liams; asstetant minute clerks at (5 —S. E.
Redmond and Harry Baker.
Document clerk at $6—W. H. Wilson.
Minute clerks at *4—G. W. Fountain, Ed
Barnot and Peter Nlelson.
Mtssenger to Secretary at $3 —W. H. Mc
ttarvey.
M*si*ngers to State Printer at $3 SO—Fred
Graham and J. Frazer.
Copyist nt $4—Mrs. Ida Gardner.
Entry clerks at S4 —P. J. Kane, A. D. Mar
tini; entry clerks at $3 —J. Gleascn. Thomas
Rodger* and D. Thoran.
Electrical engineer at $4 —William Wicks.
Messenger to President - of Senate at $3—
Haroiu Dougherty.
Secretary to President at IS—G. Parker.
Janitor to President at S3—B. A. Jackson.
Assistant sergeants at arms at IS—Edward
West. William Martin and R. I* Freeman.
Assistant history clerks at fe —Dan V.
Knnwland, William Owens.
Assistant journal clerk at $5—J H. Con
dcry.
Assistant journal clerks at $4—J. T. Negley
and T. A. Green.
Index dorks ?.t James A. May. R. Ras
mussen. M. Fitsnotrick and L. Selvage.
Assistant pestmittreaaea at $4—-Mrs. E.
Emerson, Mis* M. Hughes, Miss F. Savage and
Lottie Coleman. . .
Gatekeepeis at $.'!— A. Shaen and W. W.
Boyd Jr.
Messenger to Finance Committee at S3—A.
McDonald.
Messenger to Judiciary Committee at $3 —
Alfred Tid row.
Registry clerks at *.'»— A. Vincennes and F.
J. Geary.
j Assistant enrolling and engrossing clerks at
i **—A. J. Ball. Ed Pixley and R. E. Cochran.
Ushers at *1— W. P. Stone. William Wil
j burn and Louis Raffour.
i Sergeants at arms to committees at $4 —
; Jamca J. Wilkinson, James Matlock. J. D.
! Brown, A. 1!. Shaw. C. Paine. Sam Bruna
wick. John Thompson. A. B. Barker, George
' Hamilton, Char!.-,. Johnson. Joseph Twite. Ed
ward Short, .lair.es Whittaker. George W. El
: der, H. T. Smith. Benjamin Gray. R. Tyr
rell.
Committee clerks at $4 —C. H. Stewart.
Charles Mahone.* Jean Carter. J. Myrlck, W.
F. Jam, s, .Ichn Wall Ed Hanghey, Frank
Miner. M. V. Irish. Miss J. Savage, L. C.
Waltos. Earl Downing, T. Peterson. M. C.
Meredith. J. O. Bowser. M. Welch. B. F.
Driver, H. W. A. Weyke. Miss M. Benna,
Mitts Besfie Woods, J. (}. Beard. Annie Nel
son. Walter Strong. Pauline Harris, Fred
Burch, Harry Uorentzen, T. F. Reilly, F.
Jacobs. Committee c!erks at $6 —E. W. Leh
r.er and W. A. Fltzeerald.
3« retary'e assistants —J. W. Harper. F. L.
Thomas and W. H. Wright, assistants to
Secretary of the Senate Htlborn, $6 per day,
were ratified by the Senate.
The arrcintment of James Moffitt as book
keeper to Sergeant at Arms Martin at H a
day wr.s alsrt confirmed.
Senate pages—Thomas Kelly. John Ooshen.
Alge Srhleuene. Thomas Maloney, F. G. Hinck
ley. Herbert Hahn. Harold Wolfe. JSarl Houck
?2 60 each. * r
Senate porters—J. H. MtA-phy, E. T. Gudg
ell, Ed Noblett, L. Scherlts., E. T. Hubbard
and Charles Belz. v
ATTACHES ARE'NAMED.
A resolution providing- for the pur
chase of ten desks for the use of
stenographers met with objection from
Kelshaw, who wanted to know what
had become of the desks purchased two
years ago. An investigation failed to
trace the old desks, however, and Bel
shaw's effort at economy was defeated.
Then the amusing incident of the ses
sion occurred. The attaches that had
just been appointed were ordered to
assemble at the desk to take the oath.
The alacrity with which this order was
cbtyed was'surprising to behold. The
attaches swarmed down the aisle in
droves. The aisles filled, the attaches
overflowed between the desks, disar
ranging the carefully smoothed coif
fures of the Senators and treading on
their toes.
"I move," said Belshaw, jumping to
his feet, "that the Senate adjourn to
the hall to give the attaches room to
get into the Senate chamoer."
Shouts and laughter greeted this mo
tion, but before it could be taken up
seriously the oath had been adminis
tered to the small army of employes
and they filed out. A motion to ad
journ till to-morrow morning at 11
o'clock was then put and carried.
- ■ ♦
Wants More Superior Judges.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 4.—The Log
Angeles delegation caucused to-day
and decided to secure, if possible, three
more superior judges and one more
police judge for Los Angelea. That
county now has only six superior
judges and claims a population of 280,
--000.
Lineman Falls to His Death.
SAN BERNARDINO, Jan. 4.— W. F.
George, a lineman In the employ of the
Sunset Telephone Company, fell from
a pole on which he was working in the
outskirts of the city this afternoon,
dashing out his brains.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. Ail
druggists refund th* money If it fail* to ear*.
E. w. Grove'■ signature is on eacfe baa, 2Sc* ,
' . \*
JURISTS REST
UNDER CHARGES
Impeachment Proceedings to
Be Brought Against Two
Judges of Superior Court
SEKIOUS ALLEGATIONS
Torrance of San Diego and
Smith of Santa Cruz Will
Be Summoned by Senate
a
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 4.—Superior
Court Judges Lucas Flattery Smith
of Santa Cruz County and E. S. Tor
rance of San Diego must defend them
selves in« impeachment proceedings be
fore the Senate. That impeachment
proceedings would be brought against
Judge Torrance has been the general
impression for some months, but the
fact that Judge Smith occupied an
equally unenviable position came as a
surprise to-day when Attorney J. H.
Leonard arrived from Santa Crur and
placed specific charges against the
Jurist in the hands of Assemblyman
George C. Cleveland of Watsonville for
presentation.
Under the law impeachment proceed
ings must originate in the House, but
the trial of the accused will be held in
the Senate. In his specifications
against Judge Smith Attorney Leonard
makes charges substantially as fol
lows: That Judge Smith has been
guilty of great partiality and favorit
ism to one Charles M. Cassin, an at
torney of his court, the partiality be
ins manifested to such a degree that
it has created a general impression
that to succeed In litigation before
Judse Smith it is necessary to employ
Attorney Cassin; that Judge Smith
told Peter P. Hartman, a litigant, that
he should have employed Cassin and
was very unfortunate in having re
tained other counsel, for he (Judge
Smith) would be more than human if
he did not let his personal prejudice
guide his decisions; that on one occa
sion Judge Smith permitted Cassin to
assault a litigant, one Thomas Dakan,
in open court without reprimand, but
punished Dakan for defending himself.
FAVORED A PRISONER.
It is further charged that Judge
Smith interested himself on behalf of
one Nathan Smith who had been con
victed of an assault with a deadly
weapon, caused Smith's attorney,
George B. Fletcher, to procure a peti
tion of good character for him. and
then, under authority of this petition,
prepared after Smith had been convict
ed, sentenced him to the lightest pun
ishment permitted by the* law: that
Judge Smith advised Attorney Leon
ard during the trial of the case of Nich
olas Sambuck against the Southern Pa
cific to permit the railroad physicians
to examine Sambuck, who had been in
jured and was suing for damages, and
to have Sambuck bend and squeal
when the doctors touched him: that
during the trial of the case of Dolores
Ramirez against the Big Creek Pow
er Company Attorney Leonard was
informed by one Harry W. Rich that
J. V. Gregory, one of the Jurors in the
case, had expressed his intention to»ao
proach the defendant corporation for
payment for his verdict; that such in
formation was placed before Judge
Smith, but he refused to consider it.
informed the Juror that he did not be
lieve the statement, called Rich before
him and treated him in a tyrannical
manner, subsequently filing an instru
ment in which he stated that the iuror
was not guilty of any corruption, and
this, after having stated to one J. M.
J. Majors that Gregory should be pros
ecuted tor his conduct. In this litiga
tion the corporation was represented
by Attorney Cassin.
Continuing, the complaint says that
after one Louis Buelna had been con
victed *of a statutory crime in Judge
Smith's court the Judge went to the
prisoner's mother, Frances Buelna, and
told her to inform the boy that if he
would not seek a new trial he would
sentence the lad very lightly, this
action, it is alleged, being taken to put
the boy in a position where he could
not perfect hiß appeal; that Judge
Smith, for the purpose of preventing a
proper investigation into his own
conduct, appointed a friend of the Big
Creek Power Company as foreman of
the Grand Jury.
GUILTY OF OPPRESSION.
Another charge is that Judge Smith
has been guilty of oppression and
i tyranny In his office, incorrectly and
oppressively, and without just cause
imprisoning one P. E. Zabala and one
J. J. Wyatt upon feigned, fictitious and
false charges of contempt of court;
that Judge Smith through Ignorance,
incompetency and corruption has
wrongfully decided a great percentage
of the cases in his court as evidenced
by the fact that about 50 per cent of
the civil cases and 75 per cent of the
criminal cases tried before him have
been reversed by the Supreme Court at
great expense to the litigants and to
the people of the State of California;
and in conclusion that Judge Smith,
arbi'-arily and of his own motion and
without notice, struck from the files of
his court the complaint in the case of
Helen Younger against Charles Moore,
Judge Smith being a party litigant to
the action.
WILL PRESS THE CHARGES.
Attorney Leonard was accompanied
here to press the charges by Mr. Rich,
his principal witness in the alleged de
velopments of corruption in the Big
Creek Power Company case. The speci
fied charges were placed in the hands i
of Assemblyman Cleveland and he will!
present them for the action of the
Legislature early next week.
No specified charges have as yet been
filed against Judge Torrance, but it
Mas stated by a member of the Los
Angeles delegation this evening that
they would be prepared probably next
week.
"I have been asked to present the
matter," he said, "but as I am in the
Senate I cannot do this. The im
peachment proceedings must originate
in the House. The charges against
Judge Torrance are serious and pri-«
marily involve Improper conduct in the
Gay divorce proceedings in which it
was charged that during the hearing
of the case by Judge Torrance he went
tq the Gay home and questioned var
ious witnesses and looked over the
premises to the prejudice of one of the
parties and this without the knowledge
of the attorneys of the parties thus
prejudiced. Other charges seriously re
flecting updn Judge Torrance will be
included in the specifications and it
was only to-day that I was informed
that several prominent attorneys of
Los Ang&ies are preparing the case
against him. which will undoubtedly
lead to a sensational trial before the
fcenate." »
NORTHERN LEGISLATORS
MAY DECIDE TO CAUCUS
Senatorial Fight an Open One
Los Angeles Sends a Large Delega
tion to Help Flint's Boom.
Special Dispatch to •he Call.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 4.—The aban
donment of the efTorts of the Flint
men to secure a caucus is significant.
Goodrich's soundings of the house hav
ing met with such a rebuff, especially
on the part of San Francisco members,
it is not likely that it will be renewed.
The strong objection of the San Fran
cisco legislators to a caucus is full of
significance for the men of the south,
and does not give them the most cheer
ful feellngß. It has been tacitly de
cided that there will be no caucus. The
members of the two houses will be free
on the opening of the balloting to vote
their own personal preferences and
pledges.
The failure to get a caucus shows
that Flint has not the strength he has
been claiming and makes the fight "A
free for all affair," the friends of the
other candidates say.
George A. McGowan, the young
leader and chairman of the San Fran
cisco Assembly delegation, hints at a
northern caucus in case the south fails
to center on a man.
"If the south can center its undivided
support on some one who is satisfac
tory to us," he said, "we will support
him with at least sixteen and maybe
eighteen votes. I will not say whether
any of the southern men already in'
the fight would be satisfactory to us.
If an agreement Is not reached by the
southerners, H*- north may hold a
caucus and its choice will be either
Knight or Fisk. If there is a northern
caucus there will be enough votes pres
ent to assure the election of the man
decided on."
As is believed by some of the legis
lators from above Tehachapi that
KNOX AGAIN TO HEAD
FEDERATION OF LABOR
Spirited Contest Develops for' Posi
tion of Secretary-Treasurer of
State Body.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 4.—At the after
noon session of the State Federation of
Labor a dis -. ion took r-ace as to
whether the constitution should be so
amended as to Increase the vice presi
dents from seven to nine. The original
number of vice presidents was five,
but at yesterday's session the number
was increased to seven by a constitu
tional amendment. The proposition
was lost by an overwhelming vote.
The erection will be held to-morrow
morning. Harry A. Knox of San Fran
cisco was renominated for the presi
dency of the organization with no op
position. Opposition to Secretary-
Treasurer George B. Benham of San
Francisco developed when Frank J.
Bonnington. also of San Francisco, was
placed in nomination. The contest for
this office Is regarded as close.
Another spirited contest Is that for
the office of State organizer, now filled
by F. C. Wheeler of Los Angeles, who
is a candidate for re-election. Many of
the delegates are supporting George K.
Smith of Oakland.
The nominations for vice presidents
were as follows: First vice president,
Thomas Gallagher of Oakland, with no
opponent; second vice president, Thom
as F. Lonergan of San Francisco and
N. Blum of San Francisco; third vice
president. D. D- Sullivan of Sacra
mento and W. D. McWayne of San
Francisco; fourth vice president, J. R.
Hillis of San Jose and J. P. B. Jones of
San Francisco; fifth vice president, C.
W. Hohnquist of San D:ego, with no
opponent; sixth vice president, J. C.
Templeton of Fresno, A. C. Conors of
Santa Rosa, Edward Galiimore of Val
lejo; seventh vice president, John
Guinne of San Francisco and Edward
Clyde of Eureka.
At to-day's session consideration was
given to a proposed constitutional
amendment providing that no person
shall hold office in the federation who
holds a paid political position, elective
or appointive. The amendment was
lost.
To-night the delegates were given a
grand ball at Turner Hall by the Sac
ramento committee of arrangements
and to-morrow afternoon they will be
shown all the points of interest in the
city.
BELLE COTE, THE AMERICAN
SINGER, ILL IN ENGLAND
Well Known Contralto Reported
. From London to Be in a
Critical Condition.
LONDON, Jan. 4.—Belle Cote, the
American singer, is critically 11).
Miss Cote was the leading contralto
with the late Theodore Thomas on his
festival tour of 1883. Since 1888 she
has made her home in England.
ADVEJRTTSJrLMENTS.
Bitters
During the winter months
the Bitters should be in
every home, as a cure and
preventive of Sudden
Chills and Colds. A dose
or two at the first symptom
will save much unnecessary
suffering. It also cures Dys
pepsia, Indigestion. Con
stipation, Biliousness
and General Debility.
. Try a bottle. All druggists'. _
I there cannot be an entirely united
north, it Jooks as if the San Francisco
dtlegation, with McGowan as its
spokesman, was preparing an excuse
for taking or attempting to take that
from the south which by every right
belongs to it and giving the north an
other Senator.
Flint's headquarters to-night was
filled with Lot Angeles business men
who came to aid his candidacy ana
more are expected on various trains.
1 he purpose is to show that the candi
date is not lacking in the support of
his home people. Among those gath
ered at his rooms to-night were L. V.
Youngworth, County Surveyor of Los
Angeles; Oscar Lawlor, attorney; John
Mott, attorney; J. Washburn, bank
president; John Burr, ex-Sheriff; Wil
lis Booth, factory manager; William
Ball; Leon I*. Moss, attorney; Charles
B. Mahone, Dr. Balch and C. L. Par
ker.
Among those expected to arrive are
Isidore B. Dockweiler, Democratic pol
itician; W. C. Patterson, bank presi
dent, and John Slauson, banker and
attorney. The efforts of these gentle
men are to show that Flint has the
support of the commercial interests of
his section, and their enthusiasm
gives life to the headquarters. They
are not going to hold a parade, but
they'll, poee as long as their man has
a chance. They claim 'for him that he
j could depopulate the city of Los An
geles by sending down a telegram that
he needed the support of the people.
One of the stories the anti-Bard men
from the south are circulating about
Senator Bard is that he is 63 years of
age and in broken health.
The Bard men reply: "The Senator
is two years younger than Senator
Perkins and an upright life and the
salubrious air of Ventura have given
him a physique and an excellent qual
ity of health that many a younger man
may envy."
Arthur Flsk suddenly changed his
mind and did not return to San Fran
cisco to-day as he had intended. His
remaining here caused some more spec
ulation.. He says he will not go to
the bay city until Friday night and
that he will be back Monday. He claims
to be gaining votes.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I WILL GIVE $1000
igjf'wiii If I fail to cure any
CANCER
or Tumor I treat
- — eMMa before It poisons
7 No Knifal No Pain!
Jt_t pNo Pay Until Cirri
IT In M yeers I here cured more
~ ~ /I cancers then any other doctor
_»*_yl living. He X Ray or other swln-
i dlc - INVCSTIQATC
My Absolute GiuiitM
ih¥V¥T?tiA LUMP IN
NUTS BREAST IS GANGER
Tbey always poison tbe glands Id tbe armpit
and shoulder; then cure la often Impossible. Any
tumor, lump or sore on tbe LIP. FACE or any
where tlx months ia nearly always cancer
They never pain until almost past core. «.
120 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE.
with symptoms snd testimonials of thousands
cured whom you can ace snd talk witb.
CHAMLEY CANCER INSTITUTE lie.
DR. S. R. and MRS. CHAMLEY. Managers
" Strictly Reliable." Two Lady Assistants
Offices 25 Third St., San Francisco
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
On the One Hand
laundry cleanliness; on the other make
shift washing:, a mere bluff at starching,
an excuse for Ironing. Which will you
choose, even if there's an apparent sav
ing of a dime on the laundry bill? We
don't do the cheapest laundry work in
town, but we state fearlessly that we do
the best, the quickest and the most satis
factory. Don't we deserve your patron
age?
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
1004 MARKET STREET.
Telephone Montb 420.
' -
Perfect Fittlnj f/f^
Uf Eyeglassßs &
lj kl Moderate Cost
V 642
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
k_, m _ w _ m \_\ BEABJIY »T. EstabUaben
ISS4 for the treatment of Private
E J___M_f Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debtlltr or
wearingon body and mind,and
■$am Diseases. The Doctor cures when
■Mothers fall. Try him. ( bargee row.
MJ|« nre* lunrastees. Call or write.
Dr. J.F. «IBBON, San Fraoclac*. CalSENATOR STONE WANTS LIGHT
ON THE CAMPAIGN FUNDS.
: yHe Refers to Charges of Lawson
WASHINGTON. Jan. 4.—Senator
"Stone of Missouri to-day introduced a
resolution reciting some of the asser
tions of Thomas W. Lawson and Judge
'• Alton B. Parker concerning campaign
contributions and asking the Judiciary
V.Committee to inquire into the allega
tions. The resolution is as follows:
Whereas. Thomas W. I>aw«cn, a prominent
citizen of Boston. Mac?., and a capitalist of
reputed large fortune, in a signed article pub
lished tn Everybody's Magazine, a responsible
and wlde.lv circulated publication, has speeifi
• " cully charged that he oom=plred with certain
ell"-Vnowr. capitalists to caise. a large oor
'ruption fund to be used to promote the elec
tion of the Republican candidates for President
and Vice President in 1898, and that they did
o rai«<» $5.000.C00 to expended to •'turn at
Hast five or the doubtful States" ; and where
during the campaign of 1904 It was dl
rectly and emphatically charged by Judge Al
tr*n B. Parker, a prominent candidate for the
bfßee cf President, and by other citizens of
great prominence and high repute, belonging
to both the Republican and Democratic par-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL.
Few People Know How Useful It Is
in' Preserving Health and Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that char
coal is the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature, but
• few realize its value when taken into
the human system for the same cleans
ing puroose.
Charcoal is a remedy that the more
you take of it the better; it is not a
drug at all, but simply absorbs the
gases and impurities always present in
the stomach and intestines and carries
them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
smoking, drinking or after eating
onions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and im
proves the complexion, it whitens the
teeth and further acts as a natural and
eminently safe cathartic
It absorbs the injurious gases which
collect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal In one
form or another, but probably the best
charcoal and the most for the money
•Is In Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges; they
axe composed of the finest powdered
Willow charcoal, and other harmless
antiseptics in tablet form or rather in
the form of large, pleasant tasting loz
enges, the charcoal being mixed with
honey.
The dally use of these lozenges will
soon tell in a much improved condition
of the general health, better complex
ion, sweeter breath and purer blood,
and the beauty of It is, that no poeaible
harm can result from their continued
use. but on the contrary, great benefit.
A Buffalo physician in speaking of
the benefits of charcoal, says: "I ad
vise Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges to all
patients suffering from gas in stom
ach and bowels, and to clear the com
plexion and purify the breath, mouth
and throat; I also believe the liver is
sreatly benefited by the daily use of
them: they cost but 25 cents a box at
drug stores, and although in some sense
a patent preparation, yet I believe I
.•get more and better charcoal In Stuart's
< harcoal Lozenges than In any of the
ordinary charcoal tablets."
No Breakfast Table
complete without
EPPS'S
The Cream of Cocoas.
COCOA
The Most Nutritious
and Economical.
|H B-R wood _ SHERWOOD, Pacific Coast Agts
carters! cIRE SICK HEADACRE -
IjpiTTLE Genuine Must Bear
I Fac-Simile Signature
■ AUTHOR OF THE RESOLUTION CALL
ING FOR AN INVESTIGATION OF
i CAMPAIGN FUNDS OF PARTIES.
ties, ac well as by many independent and re
sponsible Journals, that large sums of money
had been contributed by or extorted from nu
merous corporations to be ueed to influence
the elections then ensuing for President and
Vice President of the United States: and
whereas, the President in his last message,
sent to Congress on December 6, lf»i»4, took
official cognizance of the growing tendency to
corrupt the electorate and did In direct terms
recommend the enactment of a law against
bribery and corruption in Federal elections;
therefore be it
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee of
the Senate be and is hereby authorized, em
powered and directed to make Inquiry into the
matter* in the foregoing preamble and gener
ally into the subject of the use ot money in
Federal elections so as to ascertain as far as
possible the extent of the evil and to report
to the Senate at the first session of the Fifty
ninth I'ongress, by bill or otherwise, the leg
islation said committee may deem necessary
to prevent or suppress bribery and corruption
in such elections. Said committee may sit
during the vacation of the Senate, and shall
have authority to send for persons and papers
and to compel the attendance of witnesses.
BOSTON, Jan. 4.—Every allegation
of the plaintiff is denied by Thomas W.
Lawson in an answer filed to-day in
the Supreme Judicial Court in the suit
brought by Paul Fuller of New York
to recover on an alleged contract to
purchase stock of the Kern Incan
descent Gaslight Company. The plain
tiff (Fuller) alleges that Lawson failed
to meet an agreement to subscribe to
$250,000 worth of stock in the company.
After denying all the allegations in
the bill of complaint, Lawson says that
If the plaintiff, shall prove that any
contract existed it was made through
"false and fraudulent representations
by ?*rents of the Kern Company."
SPECIAL BOARD
OVER TRUSTS
Senator Heyburn Introduces
a Bill Providing for a
National Body of Control
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.—A national
board to exercise supervision and con
trol over corporations is provided for
in a bill Introduced in the Senate to
day by Senator Heyburn. It Is pro
posed that Congress create a new de
partment of the Government to exist
in connection with the Department of
Commerce and Labor, to be known as
"The National Board of Corporations."
This board shall consist of five persons,
four to be nominated by the President,
for terms of four years each at salaries
of $5000 annually, and the fifth mem
ber shall be the Secretary of the De
partment of Commerce and Labor.
Authority far greater than that en
joyed by the department now intrust
ed with the regulation of trusts and mo
nopolies will be given to the National
Board of Corporations, if Senator Hey
burn's bill becomes a law. The bill pro
vides that the board shall have the
power to compel the production of all
books or documents, or the attendance
of witnesses necessary to the investiga
tion of any question affecting the right
of a corporation to engage in business.
Under the provisions of the bill no
corporation would be permitted to en- :
gage in business in any State other
than that In which it is Incorporated !
unless sufficient proof is first •submitted j
to the national board that such cor
poration is Incorporated for a legiti
mate purpose; that it Is solvent; that |
it is not a party to any agreement to
operate in restraint of trade or com
merce or which results in giving to it
or any person or corporation engaged
in like trade an unfair advantage over
others; that it is not a party to any
pooling plan which when carried into
effect would create a monopoly of the
trade or business In which such cor- j
poration or corporations are engaged;
that no voting pool exists by which the
full and free right to vote the stock
of the corporation by the actual owners j
of such stock is abridged or prevented, !
and that no part of the capital stock
of such corporation shall be controlled, i
owned or voted by any other corpora- I
tion.
TO TAKE UP CITY'S REQUEST
FOR A TUBE MAIL SERVICE
WASHINGTON. Jan. 4.—The com
mission appointed by the Postmaster
General to investigate tffe question of
pneumatic tube mail service, consist
ing of John M. Martin. James H. Creat
and F. W. Faille, will take up the
request for a tube service in San Fran
cisco.
California Postal Changes.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.—The post
office at Piney, Monterey County, has
been discontinued. The President has
commissioned Ernest J. Ford post
master at Rio Vista. Two carriers are
authorized Pasadena to take ef
fect on January 16.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JANUARY 5,. 1905.
SUBSIDIES
IN AID OF
SHIPPING
Commission Reports a Bill
of Wide Range Intended
to Build Up the Merchant
Marine of the Country
TONNAGE AND MAIL
SUBVENTIONS URGED
Measure Also Provides for
a Tax on Foreign Vessels
Entering Our Ports and
a Naval Volunteer Service
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.—Subventions
of $5 per gross ton annually; subsidies
for the carrying of mails from-Atlan
tic coast and Gulf of Mexico ports to
South and Central America and Cuba,
and from Pacific Coast ports to Japan,
China, the Philippines, Mexico, Cen
tral America and the Isthmus of Pan
ama; a tonnage tax on foreign vessels
entering United States ports; the crea
tion of a naval volunteer service, and
the encouragement of apprentices on
ships in foreign trade are provided for
in a bill agreed upon by the joint mer
chant and marine commission, which
submitted its report to Congress to
day.
The bill agreed upon is divided into
eleven sections. The first makes pro
vision for creating a force of naval vol
unteers capable of rendering service in
time of war. It provides that the Sec
retary of the Navy and the Secretary
;of Commerce and Labor should cause
to be made an enrollment of officers
and men, now and hereafter employed
;in the merchant marine and deep sea
fisheries of the United States, who shall
receive an annual retainer at the end
of each year.
TONNAGE SUBVENTION.
The second section provides for a
subsidy after July 1, 1906, of (a) the
sum of $5 per gross registered ton for
each vessel which has been engaged in
the foreign trade by sea or the deep
sea fisheries for a period of twelve
months, including time necessarily
consumed In maikng annual or extraor
dinary repairs; (b )the sum of $4 per
gross registered ton for each vessel
which has been engaged in the foreign
trade by sea or the deep sea fisheries
for a period of nine months or over,
but less than twelve months, including
time necessarily consumed in making
extraordinary repairs; <c) the sum of
52 BO per gross registered ton for each
vessel which has been engaged in the
. foreign trade by sea or the deep sea
fisheries for a period If six months or
over, but less than nine months, includ
ing time necessarily consumed in mak
ing extraordinary repairs.
Provision is made in the third sec
tion that vessels receiving the sub
vention may be taken by the United
States, at a fair compensation, for
national defense or any public purpose.
It provides also that when the Post
master General requires the vessels
shall carry mails free of charge; that
one-sixth of the crews shall be citi
zens of the United States; and that
when possible repairs be made in the
United States.
The fourth section provides "that the
contracts provided for in section three
shall be for a period of one year, and
shall be renewed from time to time,
but np vessel shall receive a subvention
under the provisions of this act for a
longer period than ten years."
Sections five and six authorize and
direct the Postmaster General to enter
into contracts, for not less than five
nor more than ten years, for the carry
ing of mails In steamships built and
registered in the United States, be
tween ports of the United States and
foreign ports.
AS TO MAIL CONTRACTS.
Rates affecting the Pacific Coast are
as follows: Pacific Coast ports, via
Hawaii, to Japan, China and the Phil
ippines, sixteen knots speed, monthly
service, $300,000; fortnightly, $600,000;
Pacific Coast port to Japan, China and
the Philippines, thirteen knots speed,
monthly service. $210,000; fortnightly,
$420,000; Pacific Coast port to Mexico,
Central America and the Isthmus of
Panama, twelve knots speed, fort
nightly service, $120,000.
The same requirement, as to the en
rollment of naval volunteers, is made of
steamships obtaining such mail con
tracts as Is exacted of vessels obtaining
subvention.
The tonnage tax on foreign vessels
entered in United States ports is pro
vided for in section eight, as follows:
That a duty of 8 cents per net ton, not to
exceed In the aggregate 80 cents per net ton
In any one year Is hereby Imposed at each en
try by sea on all vessels which shall be entered
In any port of the United States from any for
eign port or place In North America, Central
America, the West India Islands, the Bahama
Islands, the Bermuda Islands, the coast of
South America bordering on the Caribbean Sea.
or Newfoundland; and a duty ot 16 cents per
net ton, not to exceed in the aggregate $1 60
per net ton In any one year, Is hereby Imposed
at each entry by sea on all vessels which shall
be entered In any port of the United States
from any other foreign port or place, not, how
sver, to Inciuds the vessels In distress or not
engaged In trade.
APPRENTICE BENEFITS.
Section 9 relates to apprentices and
provides the following:
That on proof to the satisfaction of the Com
missioner of Navigation that a vessel of the
United States has on any foreign voyage car
ried a boy or boys, a citizen or citizens of the
United States, under 21 years of age. suitably
trained during that voyage In seamanship or
engineering. In the proportion of one for such
vessel, and in addition cms for each thousand
tons of her net registered tonnage, there shall
be paid to the owner or owners of the vessel,
out of any money in the Treasury not other
wise appropriated, an allowance equivalent to
80 per centum of the tonnage duties paid In
respect of the entry In the United States of
that vessel from that voyage. Such payment
shall not be made after July-1, 1907, except in
respect of any boy who Is enrolled In the naral
volunteers, or Is an apprentice indentured in
accordance with law. •
Section 10 repeals all conflicting acts
and section 11 fixes July 1, 1905, as the
time the proposed legislation shall
take effect.
GREAT SAVING POSSIBLE
An adequate American ocean fleet,
the commission says, would mean the
saving to this country of $100,000,000
a year, which now goes to build up the
commercial power and naval strength
of Europe and Asia.
It is strongly emphasized by the
commission that the naval subventions
offered In the proposed bill are not
bounties outright or mere commercial
subsidies, but are distinctly based on
important public services to be given
by the ships and ship-owners that re
ceive them.
In the proposed bill not one dollar
is added to th© expenditures for any
one of the five established contract
ocean mail lines. The present ocean
mall act is not amended except as to
certain specific new routes to be estab
lished and the new requirement as to
| naval volunteers.
Through the operation of several
MOODY SCORES
BEEF COMBINE
Argues Before the Supreme
Court of Nation That It Is
a Merciless Corporation
OPPRESSIVE CONTROL
Attorney General Declares
That a Clear Case of Con
spiracy Has Been Shown
WASHINGTON; Jan. 4.—The brief
of the Government in the case of
Swift & Co. vs. the United States,
known as the beef trust case, pre
pared by Attorney General Moody,
was presented to the Supreme Court
of the United States to-day. The
brief is devoted principally to an ar
gument to show that the packers are
engaged in a conspiracy to monopo
lize interstate commerce in fresh
meats. The Attorney General says:
It may be remarked that Judges hare dif
fered ac to the validity ot aggregations of
capital effected by some forme of organic
union between several smaller and competing
corporations," and economists are far from
agreed that such aggregations, within limita
tions, are hurtful. So, too. associations of
manufacturers to regulate competition within
a restricted area have not always been con
demned by courts and have sometimes been
approved by publicists. But has a responsible
voice yet been heard to Justify, legally or eco
nomically, a conspiracy or agreement between
nearly all the producers of a commodity neces
sary to life by which the confederates acquire
absolute control and dominion over the pro
duction, sals and distribution of that com
modity throughout the entire territory of a
nation, with the power at will to raise prices
to the consumer of the finished product and
lower prices to the producer of the raw ma
terial? Yet such is the case now at the bar
of this court.
That there is a conspiracy to control the
market of the nation for fresh meats that It
does control it. and that its control Is merci
less and oppressive, are facts known of all
men. The broad question here is, does the
Government's petition with its statements of
fact, standing unchallenged, discover that con
spiracy to the court? We submit that it does
and that the decree of the civil court should
In all things be affirmed.
c
BUREAU CHIEFS NAMED.
New Posts for Admiral Converse and
Captain Mason.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.—The Presi
dent to-day sent to the Senate the
following nominations:
Chief of the Bureau of Manufactures—J.
Hampton Moors of Pennsylvania-
Chief of the Bureau of Navigation for a
term of four years—Rear Admiral George A.
Converse.
Chief of the Bureau of Ordnance, with the
rank of rear admiral, for a term of four years
—Captain Newton E. Mason.
Judge advocate general of the navy, with
the rank of captain, for a term of four years-
Commander Samuel W. B. Diehl
NEEDHAM FATHERS BILLS.
One Calls for Federal Building at
Santa Cruz.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.—Represen
tative Needham to-day introduced
in the House several bills, as
follows: An appropriation of $100,
--000 for a Federal building at
Santa Cruz, an increase in the ap
propriation for a Federal building at
Fresno to $200,000; authorizing the
Secretary of War to make a survey
of the harbor at Monterey.
National Act for Railroads.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.—Senator
Newlands to-day introduced In the
Senate a joint resolution providing
for a commission with instructions to"
frame and report to Congress a na
tional Incorporation act for the con
struction and consolidation of rail
roads engaged in interstate com
merce.
ROMANTIC COURTSHIP
ENDS IN A DIVORCE
Mrs. Gertrude McCanley, a Former
Society Girl of Colorado, Is
Granted Separation.
CHICAGO, Jan. 4.—Married after a
romantic courtship in a cottage at At
lantic City, at the height of the sum
mer season five years ago, Mrs. Ger
trude McCauley, a former society girl
of Denver and Colorado Springs, was
to-day granted a divorce from Thomas
B. McCauley by Judge Honore. Mc-
Cauley, who is said to be in Texas,
made no defense to the charge of cru
elty, upon which the suit was based.
Charles H. White of Colorado Springs,
father of the complainant, testified in
her behalf.
It was related in court that Mc-
Cauley is the son of a woman who at
tained much notoriety in Chicago four
years ago, being sued by Jewelers and
merchants for bills aggregating $30,
--000. She spent some time in jail on
charges of fraud.
Dodge-Morse Case Taken Up.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.—Formal in
vestigation of the complicated tangle
growing out of the so-called Dodge-
Morse divorce case-was begun to-day
by the Grand Jury. Dodge is in poor
health and was said not to be in con
dition to go before the Jury.
Willie Wise and Tommy Tuff Fool
Simple Sammy.
! Sure enough, but only for a minute,
j In Next Sunday's Call—Comic Section.
* » —r
large foreign-built Teasels as trans
ports it is declared by. the commission
that thia Government Is directly and
powerfully contributing to the decline
of American merchant shipping on the
Pacific Ocean. Issue is taken with the
War Department on the question as to
whether a saving to the Government
has resulted from the operation In
time of peace of lines of foreign-built
craft. In this connection the report
J says:
To ail th* members of the commission who
visited th* Pacific Coast this procedure of the
War Department appeared to be absolutely in
defensible. It Is true that In his recent an
nual report the quartermaster general of the
army figures out a profit of $398,238 for the
transport service as compared with the rates
which commercial steamers would have
charged, but this profit, as a matter of fact.
Is altogether due to a radical difference in
bookkeeping methods between commercial
steamship companies and the quartermaster's
department.
Discontinuance of the transport ser
vice, as a measure of economy and a
sure and acceptable encouragement to
American trade and navigation on the
Pacific Ocean, is urged by the com
mission.
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY GALL
SMALL ADS.
A Box of
THE NEW
GRAHAM BISCUITS,
Made by the
MUTUAL BISCUIT COMPANY.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
J ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE OLDEST MAN IN AMERICA
- In "Peaking of his Rood health and ex-
treme old age, Mr. Brock says:
Mr "After a man has lived in the world as
: #i-^*^PWS: : \wp — long as I have he ought to have found
•^gM*SV-' : '* t> out a great many things by experience.
s Wk__WS_f f 1 think 1 h4ve done su 
, ' 1 Attr,bute "One of the ihmgs I hare found
I v . gfl Extreme Old Age proper t^in g f or ai / men f s f na f ar9
Jy . t0 Me U se ot f due directly to the effects of the
Peruna." If climate. For 116 years I ham with-
stood the changeable climate of the
... | "I have always been a very healthy
Lh ' man. but. of course, subject to tbe affeo
. • tions which are due to sudden changes In
Mm. ' the climate and temperature. During my
{ long life I have known a great many
* remedies for coughs, colds and diarrhoea,
: "As for Dr. Hart man's remedy,
Peruna, I haw found if to be the
best, if not the only, reliable remedy
am v * or * nOS9 affections. It hae been my
p| Wm. standby for many years, and I aU
tribute my good health and extreme
- °ld a 9° t° tnis remedy.
■■ "It exactly meets all my requirements
Hsk Jt protects me from the evil effects of
m\_ sudden changes; it keeps me in good ap-
' petite; it gives me strength; it keeps my
: ,:: ■ •»•* ■ blood in good circulation. I have come
jaßgfcyggjara '■■ to rely npon tt almost entirely for tbe
m\_ j many little things for which I need mcd-
icine.
"When epidemics of la grippe first be
l|« gan to make their appearance in thia
' country I was a sufferer from this dls
case.
- "/ had several long sieges with
the grip. Mt first I did not know
\m\ at P sruna was a remedy for this
disease. When I heard that la
I 9 r 'PP e was epidemic catarrh, I tried
m\W I P eruna f° r la Qrippe and found it to
I be just the thing."
Tn a letter dated January 31. 190*. Mr.
Brcck writes:
"I am well and feeling as well as I
HHB have for years. The only thing that
ffiffiSSHß bothers me is my sight. If I could see
better I could walk all over the farm and
it would do me good. I would not be
:. without Peruna"
Tours truly.
Mr. Isaac Brock, 116 Years Old Last Birthday. <J^ t/l/e/ C^^fi,
I B Co A untv ß TSSs a nk? lived M for"nll 3 ' ! \ When.old age comes, it brings with it
1 yeTs'por many years he resTded ai \ Born before the United States was | diseases Systemic catarrh is
Bosque Falls, eighteen miles west of j formed. j al "!™* x»
Wa- *- ta - ,aW S°» 22 Presidents elected so^e^
at vauey mius. iexas. Pe-ru-na has protected him from ', is their safeguard. It is the only remedy
!«< »«dden changes. \\ that entirely meets these
ture. In his hand he held a stick cut |i Veteran of four wars. i| caß - s 
-from the grave of General Andrew Jack- Shod a horse when 99 years old. Contains IMo IVarcotlCS.
son, which has been carried by him ever ] Always conquered the arm with '! One reason why Peruna has found per
since. Mr. Brock is a dignified old gen- , - ' a , ma nent use in so many homes is that It
tleman. showing few signs of decrepi- \ r "_\ u -" a - .i| contains no narcotics of any kind. Pe
tude. His family Bible is still preserved, |j Witness in a land suit at the age of <, runa j s perfectly harmless. It can be
and it shows that the date of his birth < 110 years. I 1 used any length of time without acquir
was written 116 years ago. ,i Believes Pe-ru-na the greatest |! in » a dru «T habit. Peruna does not pro-
Surely a few words from this remark- \ „ -j_ _ # .. m m . —«... i duce temporary results. It is permanent
able -old gentleman, who has had 116 ji remedy of the age for catarrhal j, in its effect
years' experience to draw from, would i[ troubles. j, it has no bad effect upon the system,
be Interesting as well as profitable. A j j.^ LrL^l - Ln^ru -^ Lruo _ and gradually eliminates catarrh by re
lengthy biographical sketch is given of moving the cause of catarrh. There are
this remarkable old man in the Waco ers of the Dallas Morning News, dated a multitude of homes where Peruna has
Times-Herald. December 4, 1898. A still December 11, 1898, and also the Chicago been used off and on for twenty years,
more pretentious biography of this, the Times-Herald of the same data This Such a thing could not be possible if
oldest living man. illustrated with a dou- centenarian is an ardent friend of Peru- Peruna contained any drugs of a narcotic
ble-column portrait, was given the read- na, having used it many years. nature.
NO NEW STATES
THIS SESSION
■ Opposition Prepared to Keep
Measure From Reaching a
Vote l>y Filibustering
>
Special DUpatch to Tha Call.
CALL. BUREAU. POST BUILDING,
' WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.—lt la safe to
I say that the statehood bill, given the
; right of way in the Senate to-day, will
I not pass at this session. The Demo-
I crats are united against it and show
an intention to filibuster. Senator Tel
! ler in an interview to-night said flatly
I that the bill would not be allowed to
come to a vote. Senator Foraker, who
: introduced an amendment, which re
quires a majority vote of both Arizona
; and New Mexico to r. ake the law op
! erative, also stated in an interview
! that the bill wonld never pass in its
present shape. Teller's opposition to
| the bill would probably be withdrawn
;if Foraker's amendment prevails. Sen
j ator Bard will make a speech against
the bill to-morrow.
Upon reconvening to-day«after the
; holiday recess the Senate plunged di
! rectly into the consideration of the
! statehood bill. The reading of the bill
| being concluded, Bate moved to re-
I commit that measure because the tes-
I timony taken before the Committee on
I Territories had not been reported, ren-
I dering it difficult to make a minority
j report. He pleaded against undue
i haste in the matter and argued against
the consolidation of the four Territo
ries into two States.
Referring to the proposed union of
Arizona and New Mexico, he eaid they
would make a State of greater area
than is comprised in all the New Eng
i land States, with New York, New Jer-
I sey and Pennsylvania added. The only
| reason for the consolidation was found,
|he said, in the desire to prevent an In
crease of United States Senators.
Bate's motion was voted down, 15 to
j 31, Heyburn voting with the Democrats
for recommittal.
Nelson supported the bill as reported
|by the committee. Referring especially
I to the Territories of Oklahoma and In
dian Territory, he said they were so
constituted as to be the complement
each of the other. Nelson had not con
cluded, when on motion of Cullom
the Senate at 4:16 p. m. adjourned out
of respect to the memory of Represen
tative Mahoney of Illinois.
Army Orders.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 4.—By order
of the War Department Captain Jesse
C. Nicholls of the ordnance depart
ment, having reported hia arrival at
San Francisco, will proceed to West
Point for duty to relieve Captain Jena
Bugge of the Twenty-eighth Infantry,
who, upon being thus relieved, will
proceed to join his regiment Poat
Commissary Sergeant William E. Kel
ler is relieved from further duty in
the office of the purchasing commis
sary at San Francisco and will be aent
to Fort McDowell for duty. Private
Charles T. Newton of the signal corps
at Fort Leavenworth, Kans., will be
sent to Benicia Barracks with a view
to duty in the Philippine Islands.
CLAIMS FROM
GOLDEN STATE
Many Californians Included
in the List of Those Who
Ask Sums of Uncle Sam
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
CALL. BUREAU, POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Jan- 4.—ln the omni
bus claims bill introducea by the Sen
ate Committee on Claims to-day, in
■which are gathered together, the indi
vidual claims large and small against
the Government, footing up a total of
52.500.000 and for which the bill pro
vides an appropriation, are the follow
ing in behalf of Californians:
Henry- G. Colby, San Francisco. $589; Frank
Courtis, Alameda County, $202; Henry Glass.
San Francisco, $97; James A. Hawks, Solano
County, $41; Emma 1.. Ferrter, widow of Wil
liam A. Ferrier, $727; Tjouls Kempff, San
Francisco, $707; Richard A. Urquhart, Santa
Clara County, $116; Moses A. Lane, San Fran
cisco. $1171; Joseph Wilson. San Francisco,
$776; Thomas S. Phelps, Alameda County, $570;
Robert A. Williams, Monterey County. $686;
Cbarles A. Davis, son ot George L. Davis, de
ceased, $148; John Q. Adams, San Francisco,
$80,000: Jeremiah C. Burnett, San Francisco,
$169; Charles A. Clarke, San Diego County,
$583.
In the presentation of this bill Cali
fornia's chance for the recovery of the
5 per cent on the sale of her public
lands for which she has striven so per
sistently for so many years goes glim
mering once more. Her only chance
was through this bill this session and
the fact that the claim does not ap
pear there despite the efforts of the
delegation to have it recognized puts
It out for this Congress.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ff LIMITED \
mm is a luxurious solid through train EVERY DAY
M IN THE YEAR, less than three days to Chicago U
mm over the only double-track railway between the mm
If Missouri River and Chicago. Electric lighted 11
II throughout. Two trains daily via the 11
II CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC II
11 AND NORTH-WESTERN LINE. If
lflL Direct connection for St. Paul and Minneapolis, mm
VL The Best of Everything. H
For tickets, sleeping car reservations and full infor- Jy£
| mation apply to nearest ticket
IMMIGRANT STATION
FOR ANGEL ISLAND
Metcalf Favors Appropriation of
$250,000 for the Proposed
Buildings.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.—Secretary
Metcalf of the Department of Com
merce and Labor, In a letter setting
forth the needs of a detention station
at San Francisco for the examination
of immigrants, has submitted to
Speaker Cannon a detailed estimate of
the cost, as proposed by Walter T.
Matthews, an architect of Oakland.
The plan contemplates a location on
Angel Island and a cost of $250,000.
Senator Perkins secured from the
Senate at the last session an appro
priation of $200,000. He has assur
ances from the House committee that
this will be favorably reported this
session. If the increase of $50,000 be
assented to by the House there will
be no trouble in securing the addition
al sum in the Senate, that body being
committed to the project.
The following is the estimate pre
sented: Main building, $62,000; de
tention quarters for aliens, $6000;
separate detention quarters for Chi
nese, $13,000; hospital for Chinese af
flicted with non-contagious diseases,
$12,000; hospital for aliens, $6000;
big kitchen and separate dining-room,
$8000; power plant for lighting, etc..
$58,000; covered ways connecting the
several buildings, $3000; wharfage,
pier, etc., $30,000; slip for bay boats,
$30,000; furnishing, $26,000; roads,
sidewalks, etc., $8000; incidentals.
$9000.
•i *r +
DUPONT-STREET BONDS SUlT.—Sarah J.
Eddy brought suit in the United States Cir
cuit Court yesterday against the City and
County of Ban Francisco to recover $12,600.
alleged to be due her on ten bonds Issued
January 1. 1877, for the widening of Dupont
street. She also asks for an order compelling
the city to render an accounting for moneys
alleged to have been already collsoted to pay
for the bonds.
34
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
INCUBATOR BABY FEELS
BETTER FOR TREATMENT
♦
Doctor Cfaii Pleased With Progress Little One Is Ming
STRANGE EXPERIMENT SAVES THE LIFE OF CHILD
OAKLAND, Jan. 4.—To Doctor W.
A. Clark, superintendent of the Ala
meda County Infirmary, belongs the
distinction of having been the first
physician who has ever used a chicken
incubator for the purpose of maturing
en infant. Thus far his experiment
has proved successful. The infant Is
now in its second week of incubator
life and is apparently thriving.
The baby is the child of Elsie
Wells of 5023 Morton street, Alameda,
and was born on Friday, December 23,
and was so feeble at birth that Doctor
Clark feared the little one would not
live.
Then Doctor Clark commenced to
put hia wits to work. He thought of
the chicken incubator that had long
been used at the infirmary chicken
yard and he forthwith ordered it
brought to the ward.
Tucked cozily away in tiny blankets
with the regulated heat from the in
cubator lamp warming it to its little
bones, the baby commenced to im
prove. It opened its bright little eyes
and smiled and cooed approvingly.
Days passed and life grew stronger in
the baby. Its food was digested well
Und it seemed to enjoy the narrow con
. fines of its queer living place.' Doctor
Clark was pleased and he knew his
experiment was a success.
"When the baby was born," said the
doctor, "it was so feeble that I saw
at once that artificial means must be
used to preserve its life. I was deplor
ing the fact that we did not have a
regular infant incubator at hand, when
the thought came to me that perhaps
one of the ordinary kind might an
swer. I knew that the life of the
child could not be saved except by the
use of an incubator, and rather than
have the baby die for lack of a trial, I
decided to make the experiment.
"The infant at the time of its birth
weighed about two pounds. Now it
weighs three, and appears to be doing
fairly well. Of course there are many
chances against saving the child, but
at least my experiment has demon
strated that an ordinary Incubator
may be used in an extreme case."
HEALTH BOARD TO PROHIBIT
BARBERS' POWDER PUFFS
New Ordinance Is Intended to Prevent
Spread of Disease Through Care
lessness in Shaving Shops.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 4. —Powder puffs,
spenges and stick alum will not be
permitted to be used in local barber
shops if a new ordinance prepared by
the Board of Health for the regulation
of tonsorial establishments is passed
by the City Trustees. Under the same
measure no barber will be allowed to
prescribe for or treat any skin disease
unless he is a regularly licensed physi
cian. Every wielder of the razor and
scissors will also be required to wash
his handß with hot water and soap
after each shave and hair clip and
Sterilise his instruments.
Details of the proposed ordinance
vere discussed by the City Board of
Health last night and it was the gen
eral sentiment that the rules govern
ing local barber shops should be more
stringent. With a few exceptions the
projected enactment will contain the
stipulations to be found in the ton
sorial sanitary code in effect in the
city of New York.
POISONER DESTROYS
MANY PET CANINES
Linda Vista Dog Owners Unite to Bat-
lie Against Miscreant Who Has
Used Strychnine.
OAKLAND, Jan. 4.—The dog pois
oner is abroad in the Linda Vista dis
trict of Piedmont. Residents of that
aristocratic section have organized in
defense of their pets. A fund of $100
has been raised as a reward for the
apprehension of the miscreant who
has co willfully destroyed many dogs
of high and low degree.
Among the sufferers who have lost
prized animals are Dr. E. J. Boyes,
O. A. K. Davis. W. J. Mathews. Wil
liam T. Veitch. C. W. Gause, Fred C.
Cltft *nd Walter Kellogg. Some of
the poisoned dogs have been subjected
to autopsy. In each case strychnine
vas found to have been the cause of
death.
WERE NOT ROBBERS —Oakland. Jan. 3.—
Jeremiah Crowley, Michael Sullivan and John
Powers,, charged with having attacked and
robbed a Chinaman, were discharged to-day
after an examination before Police Judge Mor
timer Smith. There was no rvidence to indi
cate robbery. Complaints charging battery
were subsequently sworn out against the trio.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
People have no idea how
crude and cruel soap can be.
It takes off dirt. So far,
so good; but what else does
it do.
It cuts the skin and frets*
the under-skin; makes red
ness and roughness and
leads to worse. Not soap,
but the alkali in it.
Pears' Soap has no free, al
kali in it. It neither reddens
nor roughens the skin. It re
sponds to water instantly; wash
esand rinses off in a twinkling; is
as gentle as strong; and the
after-effect is every way good.
Established over io*» rear?
carters! CIRE B,CK fIHAUAcnE -
Wattle Genuine Must Bear
| IVER Fac-Simile Signature
MOST PAY FOR
COSTLY BOOKS
Judgment Is Given Against
the Dunsmuir Estate for
$13,000 and Costs of Suit
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 4.
The estate of the late Josephine
Dunsmuir must settle with E. Hold
away & Co. of St. Louis for $13,000
worth of books she bought shortly be
fore her death. Judge Ellsworth ren
dered a decision for this amount
against Charles H. Lovell as executor
of the estate. The claim was not al
lowed by Lovell on the ground that
the charge was excessive and that Mrs.
Dunsmuir was not in a good state of
health at the time she made the con
tract.
Holdaway refused to take back the
books because many of them had been
stamped with Mrs. Dunsmuir's mono
gram. They were rare works of lim
ited editions now out of print. He
brought suit for $15,169, but according
to the contract a part of this is not
yet due and the judgment given him
was only for the amount of $13,000,
with the costs of the action. The ac
ceptance of the books at Souther farm,
near San Leandro, the Dunsmuir home,
the Judge held made the delivery com
plete.
PIONEER MERCHANT DIES
SUDDENLY IN HIS BATH
1 David Vogt, a Leader of the German
Colony, Passes Away at a
RJpe Old Age.
OAKLAND, Jan. 4. —David J. Vogt,
one of the oldest and most respected
merchants of Oakland and a leader
of the German colony of this city, was
found dead this evening in a bathtub
in his residence, 522 Twentieth street.
Mr. Vogt had gone to take a bath
before retiring and when he did not
reappear at a proper time investiga
tion was made and he was found to
be dead. Heart failure at a ripe age
in life is supposed to have caused
death. Mr. Vogt had been connect
ed with the mercantile world in Oak
land for about forty years. For many
j years he was the senior partner in
I the livery stable firm of Vogt &
! Gates at the corner of Thirteenth and
Franklin streets, but lately he retired
from business and had -been living
quietiy with his family.
The deceased took an active part
in the life of the German colony. He
was treasurer of the local lodge of
Hermann's Sons and had held that po
sition for years. He also took an ac
i tive interest in the Turn Verein and
| the various German musical and so-
I clal organizations of the city, A
J widow, whom he married but a few
. years ago, and a large family survive
j him.
Increases Punishment.
OAKLAND, Jan. 4.—Punishment
I for unlawfully carrying a concealed
j weapon will be increased from a max
imum fine of 1100 to SSOO under the
provisions of an ordinance which has
been introduced in the City Council
at the instance of Police Judge Mor
timer Smith. The present law is not
considered by the authorities adequate
!to meet conditions. Suspicious char
, acters arrested for bearing firearms or
; other dangerous weapons can be im
prisoned for not more than fifty days.
I The new ordinance will enable a
i Judge to send a man to jail for 250
' days If conditions warrant
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1905.
OAKLAND PHYSICIAN WHO IS
REARING A BABY IN A
CHICKEN INCUBATOR.
FOUND HIDING
IN VICTORIA
T.wo Bank Wreckers, Who Es
caped From Ohio, Run to
Earth by Uncle Sam's Men
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 4.—United
States Secret Service Agents John D.
Murphy and George E. Burns, with
Chief J. M. Langley of Victoria, have
captured Lewis P. Ohlinger, president,
and J. R. Zimmerman, managing direc
tor of the Wooster National Bank of
Wooster, Maine County, Ohio, charged
with the embezzlement of the funds,
amounting to $260,000. The men have
agreed to return to Wooster for trial,
waiving extradition.
Both prisoners came here from Seat
tle December 23, registering as B. H.
Roland and S. R. ase. No securities
or funds other than a few hundred
dollars were found in their possession.
They are alleged to have been specu
lating In stocks with the bank's money,
losing heavily. They disappeared in
the middle of November on a Saturday
after banking hours and when the
clerks opened the bank the following
Monday their absence was discovered
and the shortage found. The directors
met, called in the bank examiner and a
receiver was appointed for the bank,
which was wrecked by the embezzle
ment. Ohlinger was formerly a United
States Congressman from Ohio.
CLEVELAND, Jan. 4.—The warrant
for the arrest of Ohlinger and Zimmer
man was sworn out by Federal District
Attorney Sullivan. It was issued sev
eral weeks ago and secret service men
have been searching for the men for
weeks.
Bank Examiner Cunningham, who
has been going over the books of the
bank, said to-night that the shortage
probably would reach the sum stated
in the dispatch from Victoria.
COMMENCES PROCEEDINGS
TO RECOVER THE BABIES
Foundling Asylum Seeks to Regain
Possession of Infants Taken From
Its Agents In Arizona.
PHOENIX. Aris., Jan. 4.—Habeas
corpus proceedings were begun in the
Supreme Court here to-day on behalf
of the New York Foundling Asylum,
which seeks possession of about
twenty children brought from New
York to Arizona by the secretary sev
eral months ago and placed In the
homes of Mexican families ut Morenci
and Clifton. The childrert were tak
en away from the society's agents by
citizens and regularly adopted through
a process of the Probate Court. The
writs are returnable January 9 and
will necessitate bringing the children
to Phoenix, a distance of fully 300
miles.
Soldier Escape Arrested.
E. L. McCormick, one of the four
prisoners who escaped from the Pre
sidio guardhouse Monday night, was
arrested* last night on Stockton street
by Policemen Sam Orr and Barney
Reihl. He was booked at the City Hall
station for deserting from the United
States army.
THINKS BULLET
WENT TO MARK
Trail of Blood Found Lead
ing From Spot Where Bur
glar Was Made a Target
SHOPKEEPER TAKES AIM
Lies in Wait for Intruder
and Fires as Prowler Is
Getting Through Window
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 4.
Leading from the store of E. G. Gar
guila, 906 East Twenty-fifth street, De
tectives Holland and Shorey found a
trail of blood this morning, mute evi
dence, they take it, of the successful
aim Garguila took last night at a bur
glar, whom he heard prowling about
the place. The shopkeeper had been on
guard, because his place was entered
last Saturday night, when $23 and a
blanket were stolen. •
It was 2:30 o'clock this morning that
Garguila heard a front window slowly
raise. With pistol in hand he waited
until he could barely outline a man's
form at the opening. Then he fired
three times at the half-raised window.
Two bullets crashed through a pane of
glass and a third sank into the win
dow sill.
Garguila heard a rustling and sound
as of a man running. He did not pur
sue what he believes was the burglar.
At that time Garguila did not realize
he might have wounded the intruder.
The detectives traced the blood to the
street. They believe the burglar was
shot and got away on a bicycle.
HUBBY THINKS HIS
WIFE KISSED COUSIN
Husband Also Accuses Hep of Squan
dering Money for Bible and
Knickknacks.
OAKLAND, Jan. 4.—Charge and
counter-charge was made by John and
Mary Russell of West Berkeley to-day
in the trial of their divorce suit be
fore Judge Ellsworth. She accuses
him of cruelty and he charges her
with having squandered his money
and behaved in an indiscreet way with
other men. Russell said she had spent
$G for a Bible and $13 for things to
hang on the wall. He also said that
he had seen his wife kiss one Flory
McCarthy, a counsin of his, who
boarded at the Russell home.
Both Mrs. Russell and McCarthy de
nied the charge and , maintained that
nothing but the most proper relations
had existed between them. After con
sidering the matter Judge Ellsworth
intimated that the wife was entitled
to the divorce, but postponed his de
cision until the pair talked over the
disposition to be made of the three
children.
While it is some weeks since Ross
Van Horn was granted a divorce from
Marion Van Hortr and the custody ot
their son, Willis, he has been unable
to get the child from its mother and
this afternoon sued out a writ of
habeas corpus directing Mrs, Van
Horn to produce the boy before Judge
Greene to-morrow morning at 10
o'clock. The writ was served by the
Sheriff's deputy at her Vome in Berke
ley this evening.
Blanche Fulton was granted a di
vorce from Joseph Fulton, whom she
accused of having deserted her imme
diately after their wedding. She was
also allowed to resume her maiden
name of Blanche L. Phelps.
Annie B. Huber was granted a di
vorce from Charles O. Huber on the
ground of desertion. She was also
awarded $50 a month alimony and
given the custody of their 16-year-old
daughter, Lucille.
Suit for divorce on the ground of
cruelty has been begun by Margaret
P. Sinkwitz against William Sinkwitt.
Nellie Olson has begun a suit for di
vorce against Edward C. Olson on the
ground of cruelty.
TO MAKE TEST CASE OF
CHARGE FOR VACCINATION
Berkeley Trustees Suggest Means by
Which Dr. Woolsey May
Be Paid.
BERKELEY, Jan. 4.—The bill of
Dr. F. H. Woolsey for vaccinating
school children in accordance with or
ders of the Board of Education is to
be made the subject of a suit to test
the right of the Trustees to engage
such services and to pay for them at
the rate charged by Dr. Woolsey. The
doctor's bill amounts to $426. Pay
ment of the claims was refused by the
Auditor, who declared he could find no
warrant for authorizing payment for
such services.
At a meeting of the board last night
It was suggested that Dr. Woolsey
bring suit and make a test case and
this probably will be done. In the
meantime he will submit an Itemized
bill to the Trustees as a legal formal
ity.
RAILROAD MAN'S IDEA OP
VALUE OF EDUCATION
Unusual Letter From Transportation
Expert to the Berkeley Board
of Education.
BERKELEY, Jan. 4.—The value of
education is questioned by General
Manager W. F. Kelly of the Oakland
Traction Consolidated Street Railway
System. In a letter to the Board of
Education Manager Kelly replies to a
request for a printed form of ticket
which the board desired to give chil
dren to whom it is under obligation
to provide street railway transporta
tion, in part, as follows:
"We have no tickets of any descrip
tion. Our own office force and direc
tors pay cash fares like any other pas
sengers and we cannot consistently Is
sue or receive tickets of any description
in payment of fare. If pupils cannot
be trusted with their car fare it would
seem as though educational efforts in
their behalf are of doubtful value."
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Box of
THE NEW
GRAHAM BISCUITS,
Made by the
MUTUAL BISCUIT COMPANY.
Free With Every Small Ad In
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
BEGIN TEARING
OUT THE SIGNS
Business Men Generally Com
mence to Comply With the
Order From Mayor Olney
MAKE LITTLE TROUBLE
Street Department Ready to
Proceed AVhere Merchants
Have Failed to Take Action
«
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Jan. 4.
This was the carpenters' busy day in
Oakland. From one end of Broadway
and Washington street to the other the
merchants hastened to comply with
Maydr Olney's sign-removal order.
There were some who procrastinated.
These will be attended to by the street
department to-morrow, which will be
gin to remove all standing obstructions
and cart them off to the corporation
yard to De chopped up for kindling
wood in the City Prison.
Street Inspector W. W. Blair notified
merchants generally that 'o-day was
the last day of grace. His reception
was in the main satisfactory, showing
a desire among, the business men to get
behind the Mayor in tho move to im
prove the appearance of the principal
retail shop thoroughfares. In a few
cases merchants were rebellious and
defied the city authorities to remove
their signs. Such as were stubborn will
be visited to-morrow by city employes,
who will be equipped with tools for
immediate action.
City officials have tried to impress
merchants that the maintenance of
signs on the streets has been permitted
by sufferance, not by right; that no
one has power to grant as a privilege
the use of streets and sidewalks for
such purposes. It is upon this condi
tion that the summary removal of the
obstructions has been ordered by the
Mayor. He says his only purpose is to
tone up the city's externals.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
MARRIAGE LICENSES—OakIand, Jan. 4.
The following marriage licenses were issued
by the County Clerk to-day: David W. Rason,
over 21, San Francisco, and Carolyn L. Crew,
over 18, Berkeley; John Trede, 39, and Mar
garet E. Wilcox, 31, both of Red Bluff.
DIES FROM PNEUMONIA.—OakIand, Jan.
4. —Miss Jessie Hill, who came from Vaca
ville to Oakland recently, died yesterday at
her home on Telegraph avenue from pneumo
nia. Her.parents were with her at the time
of death, having been summoned from Vaca
vllla.
REPRESENT OAKLAND.--Oakland, Jan.
4. —The Merchants' Exchange haa appointed
President A. Jonas. Secretary Wilbur Walker
and. Directors Wilson, Wlxaon and Sohst to
represent Oakland at the meeting; of the River
Improvement and Drainage Association, which
meets to-morrow In San Francisco.
ARRANGE FOR UNION BANQUET. —Oak-
land. Jan. 4.—The local unions of Alameda
County are preparing to hold a banquet on Sat
day evening, January 28, and the committee
of arrangements, consisting of six representa
tives for each of the various labor councils in
the city. Is now completing the details of the
affair.
POULTRY FANCIERS ELECT OFFICERS.
Alameda, Jan. 4.—Officers have been elected
by the Alameda County Poultry Association to
serve for the ensuing year as follows: Presi
dent, A. H. Gregory. Frultvale; vice president,
O. C. Benjamin, Alameda; secretary, C. A.
Tracey, Alameda; treasurer, C. D. Postel, Ala
meda; superintendent, B. K. Healey, Alameda.
FROM CHURCH TO LOUVRE.—Oakland.
Jan. 4. —W. B. King has resigned as organist
of the First Methodist Church to take a place
with the Louvre orchestra In San Francisco.
This move haa created no little surprise In
church and musical circles for it was only a
short time ago that Mr. King retired as or
ganist of the First Congregational Church of
this city.
JAIL-BREAKER WANTS FREEDOM.—
Oakland, Jan. 4.—John Martin, now in Folsom
Prison. 1« trying to secure his freedom from
that place by a technicality. Martin was tn
the County Jail in Oakland and broke jail In
1896. He was recaptured and was given ten
years for burglary and twelve years for jall
breaklng. Martin now claims that his sen
tences ran concurrently and he is entitled to
freedom.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE BALL.—
Oakland, Jan. 4. —Young Ladles' Institute No.
IS will give a ball at Pythian Hall on Wednes
day evening. January 26. The committee In
charge of the affair is as follows: Miss Bessie
McEUingott, chairman; Miss May Madden, sec
retary; Miss Jennie Regan, Mias Nellie Con
nolly, Mias Mary Rhoades, Miss Annie Riley,
Mise Mollie Grady, Miss Mary Jennings, Miss
Jennie Mcßrien and Mise Mary Griffin.
FUGITIVE FEARS BULLETS—Oakland.
Jan 3. —Three bullete fired by Policeman Mur
cell at Peter Spyettiz, who, broke away at
Seventh and Franklin streets early this morn
ing, halted the fugitive, who was sent to the
City Prison for investigation. The prisoner
had a lot of nuts, cigars and fruit in his pos
session. When Murcell held him up for ex
planation the suspect fled. Spyettiz was not
wounded.
HELD ON SECOND CHARGE.—Oakland.
Jan. 4.—"Dr." W. S. Proctor and his stepson,
Roy Ashberry, were taken to Centerville to
day for their examination before Justice Sand
holt on a charge of grand larceny. Both were
h«ld tr. answer before the ~ Superior Court.
In default of bail they are In the County Jail.
This is the second charge against them, one
having been for taking the rings from Mrs.
Tyson at Nilet and the other for having taken
money from her.
WEST OAKLAND BANK ELECTS OFFI
CERS.—OakIand, Jan. 4.—The West Oakland
Bank and Trust Company held Its first annual
meeting to-day and elected officers. The bank
has had a prosperous year since it was organ
ised, and the following officers were elected:
President, Oecar F. Brlerling; first vice presi
dent, William Long; eecond vice president, E.
C. Hahn; caahier, C. L. Wines, directors—
William Long, E. J. Brlerling, F. N. Meyers,
O F. Brlerling, Henry P. Dalton, E. C. Hahn;
attorney. .T. J. Allen.
CHARGES AGAINST UNCLE. — Oakland.
Jan. 4.—Mary Agnes Breen, a niece of the late
Elizabeth O* Han lon of Berkeley, to-day aaked
for letters of administration upon the estate
of her aunt, charging her uncle. James F.
O'Hanlon. a brother of the deceased, with try
ing to secure all the real estate of her aunt.
When Mrs. OHanlon died she left considerable
real and personal property, ths latter of which
was divided among seven nieces and nephews,
no mention being made of the real property.
The brother lays claim to the real property,
which is In San Francisco.
MUNICIPAL LIGHT TROUBLES. — Ala
meda, Jan. 4.—The war that breaks out every
little while over the Alameda municipal light
plant took another turn to-night when Fire
man Edward H. Duffy who was discharged
January 1 by Engineer Joseph O. Meaeer, with
the aid of the police, appealed to the Trustees.
The discharge was sanctioned by Superintend
ent Kahn. Trustee Bowers to-night wanted to
sustain the discharge. The other Trustees
wanted an Investigation, and Duffy charged
Messer with "having It in for him" and abus
ing him. There will be further Investigation.
Teachers Assigned.
OAKLAND. Jan. 4.—The Board of
Education has made the following as
signments of teachers: Miss Anna
Brewer, head of English department,
Oakland High School; Miss E. J.
Breck. Oakland High School; C. H.
Rugh, principal Franklin School, to
fill vacancy caused by leave of absence
granted J. F. Chandler; S. P. Meads,
principal Washington School; Miss
Alice Davis, transferred from Garfield
to Franklin School; Miss Irene Han
klnson, new class, Garfield School;
Miss Ethel Bartlett, new class. Pied
mont School; Mrs. E. E. Chisholm,
Durant 8chool; Miss Thompson, La
fayette School; Miss Gertrude Lane,
transferred from Lincoln School to
Bay School, exchanging with Miss R.
Beauvaiß; Aaron Turner, Evening
School.
KILLED BY SHOT
FULL IN FACE
Accidental Discharge of Gun
Ends Life of Mrs. Mul
queeney Near Livermore
TBIGGEB CAUGHT IN BED
Careless Shepherd Leaves the
Weapon Where It Is Easily
Fired When Picked Up
LIVERMORE. Jan. 4.—Mrs. Mary
Mulquepney, the largest woman ranch
operator In Alameda County, was shot
in the face and killed by the acciden
tal discharge of a shotgun at her
home near Midway this morning.
Death was immediate, as a large part
of her face was torn away.
Mrs. Mary Mulqueeney owned and
operated a ranch of 9000 acres between
Llvermore and Midway. This property
is fine hill and grazing land and fell
to her twelve years ago when her hus
band died. She was a woman of force
and character and took hold of the
ranch and operated it herself with
great profit. A band of sheep was graz
ing but a short distance from the home
in charge of Mat Burrlll. and it was
the custom of the shepherd to patrol
the band during the night with a shot
gun to protect the young lambs from
the coyotes. If coyotes were heard he
fired his gun to frighten them, even if
he could not see the animals.
Toward morning Burrill went to the
bunkhouse on the ranch and took a
short sleep. Inßtead of putting the gun
in the corner he placed it beside his
bunk, and when he got up this morn
ing he left it there.
Mrs. Mulqueeney went to the bunk
house at about noon time to put it in
order. She started to pick up the gun,
drawing it toward her; the trigger
caught in something that lay near the
bunk, and the full charge took effect in
Bhe leaves three sons, Frank Mul
queeney, who owns the Club stables in
Oakland, and M. C. and W. C. Mul
queeney, who have been with her on
the ranch. The body was brought to
Llvermore to-night by Dr. Warner and
Deputy Coroner Conrad.
CLUB WOMEN
WILL GO SOUTH
TO FEDERATION
BY ZOE GREEN RADCLJFFE.
OAKLAND. Jan. 4.—After almost a month's
rest life In the Ebell and Oakland clubs has
resumed Its normal, busy aspect. The State
Federation Is at hand and the election of del
egates occupied the attention of the two clubs
at their respective meetings yesterday and to
day.
Yesterday Shell's board of director* con
vened and named as delegates to the federa
tion, which takes place in Lot Angeles next
month, Mrs. J. B. Hume, Mrs. Kate Bulk
lsy. Miss Julia Fraaer, Mrs. John Bakewell,
Mrs. A. N. Esterle, Mrs., C. S. Chamber
lain and Miss Eva Powell. Thlr alternates
are: Mrs. J. R. Scupham. Mrs. C. C. Jud
son, Mra. A. H. Glasscock, Mrs. Wakeman
Curtis. Mrs. J. S. Emery and Mrs. Ralph
Kinney.
The Oakland Club board held a business
meeting this morning, and the afternoon was
given over to a programme by members of
the art section.
The chief work accomplished at the board
meeting wae the election of delegates to the
federation, Mrs. F. H. Gray. Mrs. Henri
Grandjean and Mrs William Delaware Smith
being named aa delegates, their alternates be
ing Mrs. Henry Steere, Mrs. Nora Ryle and
Mrs. Emily C. Wooley.
Mrs. A. J. Pilsbury Is chairman of the art
section. She presided this afternoon, while
several interesting fcapers on Florentine art
were read. "Donatello" was discussed by Mrs.
Henry Steere; "Savonarola" was the subject
of Mrs. H. Elliott Crane's talk, and Mrs.
F. A. Lacey read an essay on "Michael An
gelo " The afternoon's programme closed with
songs by Mias Emma Gripp. "May Morning '
(by Denra) and "Heart, Whence Thy Joy?"
(by Gumbert). Miss Sutherland accompanied
the singer. . ■
While coffee and sandwiches were being
served the papers were diecussed, and a pleas
ant social hour was enjoyed.
Hereafter the art section will meet on Fri
day afternoons beginning on tbe 2Tth.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Le Grande Canon Tibbetts.
who are spending the winter in California
as the guests of Mrs. J. A. Folger, were dined
last evening by the Ernest Folgers. The din
ner was a charming affair, and was at once a
greeting and farewell, as Mr. and Mrs. E. G.
Lukene. who share the honors, are on the eve
of a trlD around tbe world.
• • •
To-morrow evening the reception and ball at
the Home Club will draw many of Oakland'!
elite to East Oakland. The receiving party
alone includes nearly fifty ladles, who will
assist Miss Moore, the efficient president of
the club. Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Smith, the
founders of the Home Club, who have Just re
turned from an extended stay In New York,
will be honored aoieste.
Burton Holmes, the well-known lecturer,
will make his only Oakland appearance at the
Home Club Saturday evening. Mr. Holmes'
"travelogues" are intensely Interesting, and
the rarely beautiful stereoptloon views with
which he Illustrates his talks aid one Im
mensely In comprehending and enjoying beau
ties of nature that some of us may never see
otherwise.
It doesn't seem to be generally understood
that the general public may patronise these
lectures, and as special arrangements have
been made with the Transit Company those
who wish to take advantage of the treat of
fered by the Home Club will be able to do so
with comfort and convenience.
The long-legged bird that has so much to
do with Increasing the census continues to be
stow his attention on the smart set, and even
doctors and ministers are not overlooked. The
Liliencrar.tzes are boasting of a small son and
heir. A few days ago the genial pastor of the
Church of the Advent, Rev. William Carson
Shaw, welcomed a little daughter into his
home.'
Miss Ada Laymance is visiting Miss Edwina
Crouch in Sacramento and has been the motive
for many very delightful affairs.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 4.—Mrs. P. J. Jepsen was
the recipient of a surprise birthday party given
her Monday evening at her home by a number
of her friends. Whist was the principal diver
sion of the occasion, and when the play was
concluded refreshments were served the guests,
among whom were Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Wllker
son Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Sibbet, Mr. and Mrs.
J B Boone, Mrs. L. A. Adams, Miss E. Watts.
Mrs. E. Jessen. Mr. and Mrs. Charles B.
Broderick. Mr. and Mrs. P. J. Jepsen and Mis*
Carrie Jepsen.
Fletcher Slosson entertained some of the
members of the senior class of the Alameda
High School at hie home Monday night. Five
hundred was played during the evening. The
participant* in the pleasures of the occasion
were: Miss Dorothea Macpherson, Hasel Bin
der, Evelyn Sherrard. Eleanor French, Ruth
Nottnagle, Lelta Templeman Ford Samuel,
George Wallace. Arthur Rader. Norman
D'Evelyn. George Marwedel.
Exchange Wants Legislation.
OAKLAND, Jan. 4.—The Oakland
Merchants' Exchange has gone on rec
ord in favor of certain legislation,
both State and national, as follows:
For action by the California State
Legislature: The county division bill,
providing means for dividing Alameda
County; a bill to extend time on open
accounts from two to four years and
upon notes from four to six years: a
general pure food law; a mutual fire
insurance law. For action by Con
gress: To give the Interstate Com
merce Commission greater*powers; to
improve Oakland harbor
ALL ON STRIKE
EXCEPT CLOCK
Employes of Sanitary Re
duction Wbrkfl Quit Be
cause of the Timekeeper
♦
MECHANISM IS SILENT
Men Were Well Paid and
Employers Da Not Know
What They Were Doing
The Introduction of an employes'
time clock at the Sanitary Reduction
Works at the foot of Klichth street was
the cause of eighty men quitting their
work yesterday. The men sternly re
fuse to ring up their time. They also
made demands which the employers
refuse to accede to. The places were
filled yesterday with new men and the
company says it will have no trouble
in having the work done.
A letter was sent to the board pf
directors of the sanitary company
Monday, giving two reasons why they
left work: "First—We do not wish to
work under the time clock. Second—
We wish to be paid time and a half
for working Sundays and overtime at
night."
Andrea Sbarboro, in speaking of the
walkout, said: "This is the most un
reasonable strike ever declared in San
Francisco. We employ about eighty
men. Their work requires no skill
whatever. The lowest wages paid Is
$55 a month; most of them receive $80
and some of them get as high as $100
a month. They have been working
without any check on time, as they
pleased and when they pleased. The
board of directors ordered an em
ployes' time clock and It was sent over
to the works. The superintendent in
formed us that the men refused to
work under the time clock.
"In regard to paying their demand
for overtime, the board would have
considered it, as it was reasonable, al
though the men were making good
money, but the board absolutely re
fused to do away with the time clock.
"The Sanitary Reduction Works,
which is an absolute necessity to the
city, cost the stockholders $250,009. The
stockholders have not received one
cent in dividends, nor have the officers,
hence the board did not feel justified in
continuing to pay high wages for
work when it did not even know what
the men were doing."
MUSIC LOSES
NOTED FIGURE
IN AMERICA
CHICAGO, Jan. 4.—-Theodore Thomas,
the noted orchestra leader, died of
pneumonia at his residence here early
to-day. He was 70 years old.
Theodore Thomas was the son of an
expert violinist. He was born at
Eseus, Hanover, Germany. In 1845 his
parents brought him to the United
State, settling in New York City.
The real beginning of Thomas' mu
sical career was through a series of
chamber concerts in New York during
the years intervening between 1856 ana
1872. In 18«4 Thomas' first symphony
concerts were given in New York, and
these were continued until he left that
city in 1878 to take charge of the Col
lege of Music at Cincinnati.
He remained in Ohio for two years,
returning then to New York. He was
elected conductor of the New York
Philharmonic Society in 1879. and this
position he held until he left New York
in 1891-
In 1883 Thomas and his orchestra
made a tour from New York to San
Francisco, appearing at all of the
principal cities en route. Upon a return
to New York Thomas conceived the
idea of a permanent orchestra in that
city, but after seven years of endeavor
he came to the conclusion that Chioasro
would be a better place for his future
work. He came here In 1891 and formed
the Chicago Orchestra Association.
On December 15 last Orchestral Hall,
the permanent home of the Chicago
Orchestra, built at a cost of more than
$800,000, was formally dedicated.
FIRE RENDERS FAMILY
DESTITUTE AND HOMELESS
Dwelling of Railroad Man Burn*
While He and Children Are
at Theater.
BERKELEY. Jan. 4.—By the burn
ing of their home at Allston way, near
the Santa Fe Railroad track, laat
night Charles Atwood and his wife and
six children were left destitute. The
entire family were in attendance at an
Oakland theater while their home
burned to the ground. When Atwood
returned and found a heap of smolder
ing ashes he talked wildly of suicide
and was restrained with difficulty front
doing violence to himself.
The house was built by him out of
his savings as a section foreman for
the Santa Fe Company and had been
occupied about a year. Neither build
ing nor furniture was insured. The
blaze is believed to have started from
a lamp left burning in the house.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
BAILKD.
Wednesday. January 4.
Stmr Jeanle. Bartlett. Seattle and Tacoma.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN —MIDMOHT.
Schr Onward, bktn Gardner Hty. schr Wa
wona schr Transit and bktn fcneore.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK—Arrived Jan I—Stmr Furnes
eia from Glasgow: stmr Teutonic, from Liv
erpool and Queenatown: stmr Princess Vic
toria from Hamburg.
SaUed Jan 4-Stmr Oskar I. for Chrlstian
n { ni ' « n d Copenhagen.
QUE K.N'■'TOWN—Sailed Jan 4—Stmr Sax
onla from Liverpool, for Boston. .
ArVived Jan 5. 3 a m—ltmr Baltio. from
Yew York, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
LIVERPOOL—SaiIed Jan 4—Btmr Majestic,
from New York, via QueenaUown.
HAMBURG- Arrived Jan 4—Stmr Bel
sravia. from New York.
LONDON —Arrived Jan 4—Stmr Columbian,
f^EWM —Sailed Dec 31—Stmr Romanic, for
< SY°DNEY. N S W—Arrived prior to Jan 4—
Moana. from Vancouver, via Honolulu and
H COPENHAGEN — Arrived Jan 2—Stmr
United States, from New York, via Christ lan
** AN TWERP—Arrived Jan 3—Stmr Kroon
land from New York, via Dover.
PALERMO —Arrived Jan 4—Stmr Romanic,
from Genoa, for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Jan 4—Stmr Kron
Prlna WUhelm. from Bremen, for New York.
HONGKONG-Arrived Jan 4—Stmr Ntcome
dla, from Portland. Ore. via Yokohama.
Joco and Jack.
They try ballooning and create a sen
sation. In Next Sunday's Call—Comic
Section.VICTORS QUICK TO AID
THE VANQUISHED.
NOGI DOING NOBLE WORK
Food and Medicines
for Port Arthur
Sufferers.
HEADQUARTERS OF THIRD JAP
ANESE ARMY, AT PORT ARTHUR,
Jan 4.—The formal entry of the Jap
anese into Port Arthur on January 8
will be an Imposing spectacle. The
Japanese officers will be given a ban
quet in the city on January 10.
The reason for the surrender of the
fortress is evident from a visit to
Wantai Hill. The entire strength of
the position lay In the main line of the
outer defenses. The possession of Wan
tai gave the besiegers the key to the
forts east of the city. The hills in the
rear were not fortified and afforded a
full cover for the assaulting forces.
TOKIO, Jan. 4.—The following report
was received from General Nogi at 3
o'clock this afternoon.
"Order is maintained at Port Arthur
by the officers. The people are quiet.
Our minute investigation was not fin
ished until Tuesday night. The total
number of inhabitants is about 35.000,
of whom 25,000 are soldiers or sailors.
The total number of sick or wounded
is 20,000. Common provisions and
bread are plentiful, but there is a
scarcity of meat and vegetables. There
are no medical supplies at Port Arthur.
The Japanese are strenuously succor
ing the people. The capitulation com
mittees are pushing their respective
works."
The Jiji. in discussing the capture of
Port Arthur, reviews the price paid in
lives, and says:
"We ought to keep Port Arthur in
our hands so long as our empire ex
ists. Port Arthur is the key to peace in
the Par East and it is our duty to keep
the key in our hands."
The Emperor of Russia has cabled to
General Stoessel. saying that the giv
ing of their parole or the alternative
of imprisonment is optional with the
officers.
Street sales of the Russ have been
suspended by official order owing to
the tone of its editorial articles since
the fall of Port Arthur. The Narsh
radny has received "first warning."
OYAMA RENEWS ACTTVITY.
Fierce Night Attack Upon Kuropat
kin's Right Flank.
MUKDEN, Jan. 4.—On Monday and
• yesterday a general attack was ex
. pected. On Saturday the Japanese
showed indications of beginning seri
ous: operations. During the previous
n:ght they located a battery on the
Shakhe River bridge, from which they
- enfiladed the trenches, being
supported by a heavy cannoade along
the whole center. The Japanese used
khimose shells.
At midnight on Saturday, under
cover of impenetrable darkness, the
•Japanese attacked the right Russian
flank energetically, directing their
movement principally against a strong
redoubt, but they were repulsed.
Simultaneously an attack was launched
against the Russian trenches farther
east, but before daylight it was aban
doned.
British Steamship Condemned.
NAGASAKI, Jan. s.—The British
steamship Nlgretia has been con
demned as a prize.
Japanese Party Annihilated.
TAYASTON, Manchuria, Sunday,
Jan. I.—Last night volun
teers, under command of Lieutenant
Georgivisky, destroyed a large native
house overlooking both the Russian
and the Japanese lines, from which
the Japanese signaled to the advanced
posts. It was a quiet piece of work.
The party surrounded the house with
out firing a shot. A hand to hand
fight with the Japanese ensued and all
of the Japanese were killed within
three minutes. The Japanese trenches
opened on the volunteers, but they re
tired safely.
$
WILL PRESERVE NEUTRALITY.
Dutch Naval Militia May Safeguard
Eastern Islands.
THE HAGUE, Jan. 4.—Premier
Kuyper has abandoned his projected
stay in the south of France for the
benefit of his health, as he considers
the question of maintenance of strict
Dutch neutrality in the East Indies
demands his personal attention. In
the event of it becoming necessary the
Marine Ministry is prepared to call
out the naval militia for the purpose
of safeguarding the neutrality of the
Dutch Eastern islands.
It is understood that the Japanese
cruisers reported in those seas are of
small fighting value and that they
were merely sent to watch possible
movements of the Russian second Pa
cific squadron there.
SEVENTEEN FOR
TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
PRICE NO SPECIAL OBJECT NOW-THESE PIANOS
MUST BE SOLD.
Three Fine Kimballs, Two Elegant Deckers, One Mahogany
Knabe, Two Steinways, Two Pease and Several Others for Sale
on your Own Terms. Work of Tearing Down Building Has
Commenced, and We Must Sell These Pianos Within the Next
Forty-eight Hours.
Every one of the remaining choice new
Pianos, also several used ones, can be
iiad here now at the greatest sacrifice
■ii price ever offered by any responsible
firm.
And you can take virtually your own
time paying for an instrument.
See the choice new highest grade cabi
net grand upright piano in our large east
show window for $285. Such a one can
not be obtained elsewhere for less than
double the price we are now asking for
it. $25 down and $8 a month secures it.
Alongside of it stands a beautiful ma
hogany cased standard grade upright
marked JIG 7. $17 down and $6 a month
ou>s it. \\ here can you secure a dUDli
catf f.f this for less than $325?
i,i„i not . her wonderful bargain m a choice
hit,, piano is t\\f elegant little
JM'>> grand, mahogany case, one of the
X c nave over aol< J. now priced
month Pay,n<M,ts ot dow » : >»><l $12 a
„^ilif* scenpnt new Marshall & Company
upright, such as are usually sold for $22i>
Brown Prisoners in
Port Arthur Are
Released.
LONDON, Jan. s.—The Daily Mall's
j correspondent with General Nogi's
army before Port Arthur, in a dispatch
published this morning, says that the
Russian torpedo-boat destroyers were
purposely permitted to escape from
Port Arthur, under the eyes of the
j Japanese fleet, as a tribute to the brav
ery of the Russian garrison.
The correspondent adds that 200 Jap
anese prisoners were discovered at Port
Arthur, many of them having partici
pated in the desperate efforts to block
the channel and who hitherto were sup
posed to be dead.
The Daily Telegraph's Port Arthur
correspondent telegraphs a picturesque
account of the scene at the time of the
negotiations for the capitulation of Port
Arthur. He says:
It was a magnificently sunny day, with a
wonderful stillness reigning over the belliger
ent lines. A strange concourse was gathered
in the vicinity of the cottage where two white
Hags showed that the parlementalres were de
liberating and comprised wondering Chinese
peasants, children and smiling Japanese "Tom
mies," alt srroup«d around nine dismounted
Cossack escorts who carried' on a gesticulatory
"conversation" with the Japanese escort.
I Thrive the parlementalres sepaiated and went
to their respective tents before the first docu
ment was comrletid anO. at 4 o'clock, dis
patched to Gen-ral Stoessel at Port Arthur.
An hour later the second document wss com
pleted and handed to another Cossack, who,
accompanied by Japanese cavalrymen. dasi**»i
toward Port Arthur. l>ater, when dusk set in.
General Stcessel signed the documents and the
telephone informed the investing troops of the
j glad tidings. Immediately "banzals" were
i shouted and Bensal lights and flares flashed
from ridge to ridge until midnight, when all
again became strangely quiet.
STOESSEL'S PATHETIC PLEA.
Asks the Czar to Re Merciful to His
Heroic Garrison.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 4.—General
Stoessel's last dispatch, dated January
1. prior to the surrender of Port Ar
thur, details the Japanese attack of De
cember 31 and concludes as follows:
We shall be obliged to capitulate, but
everything is in the hands of God. We have
suffered tearful losses.
Great Sovereign, pardon us! We have done
everything humanly possible. Judge us, but be
merciful. Nearly eleven months of uninter
rupted struggle have exhausted us. Only one
quarter of the garrison is alive, and of this
number the majority are sick, and, being
obliged to act on the defensive without even
short intervals of repose, are v.-orn to shadows.
Reports from Chefu state that Gen
eral Stoessel Is broken-hearted and be
lieves himself disgraced in the eyes of
the world. Civilians who have arrived
at Chefu from Port Arthur say the old
warrior has not the slightest concep
tion of the real view of his stubborn
defense held throughout Christendom.
He realizes simply that he was com
pelled to capitulate and that the de
fense of Port Arthur was a failure.
Were it not for his wound, which kept
him confined to his bed, it is probable
the general would have sought death
on the firing line to be spared the re
sponsibility for giving the order of
capitulation.
A further batch of dispatches from
General Stoessel, given out to-day, do
not add much to what is already
known. He reports the killing of Gen
eral Kondratenko and eight other offi
cers and the wounding of seven officers
on December 15 by an 11-inch shell,
which exploded In the casemate of fort
No. 3. He says he lost 200 men on De
cember 12 and December 19.
A dispatch of December 11 from Gen
eral Stoessel settles the question as to
who sank the Russian warships, saying
that all those in the inner harbor were
sunk by 11-lnch Japanese shells, with
the exception of the Sevastopol, which
was towed to the outer harbor and for
four nights repulsed Japanese torpedo
boats. Stoessel says:
To-day «ix to ten battalions of reinforce
ments reached the Japanese. All the retrench
ments in front of the fortress are firmly held,
in expectation of an attack. The Japanese are
bombarding: the hospitals with 11-lnch shells.
Hospital No. 6 has been demolished and hos
pitals Noa. 9 and 10 'are damaged. Two sur
geons and a Sister of Mercy have been wound
ed, while several of our wounded men were
again hit.
Dr. Balascheff is working untiringly, but it
Is difficult to attend 10.000 wounded, especi
ally In face of frequent bombardments and the
frost. We have very few officers; 200 fell in
October and November. I am replacing them
with non-commissioned officers, who are doing
heroic service. I could not get on without
them.
KUROPATKIN'S TROUBLES.
Railroad Inadequate to Supply the
Commander's Needs.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 4. —From
reliable information it appears that
the military situation below Mukden is
by no means as satisfactory as re
ported. Theriumber of troops at Gen
eral Kuropatkin's disposal is about
225,000 and the transportation- over
the Siberian Railroad is proving inade
quate.
and even $250—goes now for $118—$10
down and $5 a month.
* A VWI* 1 * K n al 'e upright, the $550 find.
i. r ,f. 345: a small-sized but excellent
slightly used Steinway for $300, and still
another Steinway upright for $190—$8 a
month buys any one of these.
A Woodward &- Brown square piano ih
good order fpr $34—on terms of $3 a
month, and another choice square for
$u2. same terms.
The carpenters will commence dis
mantling this store of ours to-morrow
morning and we are anxious to get every
thing our of the way before that time.
lou will therefore have to act quickly
if you want one of these remaining in
struments; come in this afternoon or this
evening.
» A number of used parlor and chapel
organs at your own price. Make us an
offer on these organs—Mason & Hamlin,
Bstey. Kimball and Pacific Queen —they
:;re good as new and we'll refuse no half
way decent offer for them.
Remember the place. POMMER-EIL
ERS MUSIC COMPANY. 653 Market
street, between the Palace Hotel and the
Examiner building.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5. 1905.
Baltic Fleet Not to
Proceed to the
Far East
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 5 (5:30 a.
i m.) —The scenes at the Admiralty
and War Office yesterday were a repe
; tition of those of Tuesday, crowds of
j weeping women and children vainly
i asking for lists of the survivors of the
I Port Arthur garrison, which could not
be given.
J While the Russian military law is im
perative in the requirement that the
I commander of a fortress who surren
• ders shall be tried by court-martial, the
. Emperor undoubtedly will order that'
! this formality be dispensed with in the I
j case of General Stoessel.
It seems now to be definitely under
stood that Vice-Admiral Rojestvensky's
squadron will not attempt at present j
to reach Vladivostok. The decision has '
j been reached that he will await the j
third Pacific squadron, on which work j
is proceeding night and day and several ;
ships of which are expected to be ready j
for service by the end of January. It j
is by no means certain that Rojestven- !
i sky will return with his ships to Euro- I
pean waters. He may await the third !
! squadron off the coast of Madagascar
and seize and make his base one of the
uninhabited coral islands of Polynesia.
In view of the report that the Japan
ese intend to invest Vladivostok, Gen
eral Batiavoff, who has been inter
viewed, has expressed the opinion that
If Vladivostok should be blockaded
i Rojestvensky would be compelled to re
t turn.
Many interesting incidents in connec
tion with Port Arthur, hitherto care
fully concealed, are now commented
upon. When the protected cruiser
Boyarln was lost by going on the rocks
her captain, Sarytchoff, was subjected •
to considerable criticism. He appealed ■
personally to Emperor Nicholas for I
mercy, saying that if forgiven he,
would offer his life for his country.
Thereafter Captain Sarytchoff volun
teered on every occasion for dangerous
duty. He commanded the gunboat I
Gileak at Kinchow, and later a shore j
battery at Tiger's Tall, Afterward the '
captain engaged in several sorties, but
seemed to bear a charmed life and re
ceived not so much as a scratch.
Emperor Nicholas is expected to re
turn to-morrow to St. Petersburg,
when a council of war will be held.
PIRATES MENACE KAMCHATKA.
Americans in League With Japanese
Seal Poachers.
KABARAVSK, Russia, Jan. 4.—
Silnitzky, the Russian official who or
ganized the defense of Kamchatka,
and owing to an inexplicable blunder
was arrested by order of the late Min
ister of the Interior yon Plehwe, has
just arrived here after a six months'
Journey through Yakutsk. He says
Japanese and American pirates laid
covetous eyes on Kamchatka at the
very beginning of the war, but that the
population, though a mere handfull,
beat off all attacks, burned many Jap
anese schooners, annihilated a landing
party and captured the Mikado's emis
sary.
A Russian named Baron Bruggers,
who is a director of the sealing indus
try, arrived at Kamchatka aboard an
American steamship and spread pessi
mistic tales of Russian reverses. The
inhabitants, greatly Incensed, refused
to believe his reports and resolved to
defend their territory if hostile war
ships appeared and if It became neces
sary emulate Duokhivsky's example
and burn the city of Petropavlovsk,
retire to an island and wage a guerilla
warfare.
Grebnitzky, the official In charge of
the Commander Islands, arrived about
that time and insisted that the volun
teer companies be disbanded, and ow
ing to an explicable blunder Silnitzky
and his assistants were compelled to
hand over the management of Kam
chatka to Grebnitzky.
Silnitzky says the work of the Amer
ican steamship Mineola was extremely
suspicious. He hints that light is be
ginning to be thrown upon a con
spiracy against Russian Bealing inter
ests in Kamchatka.
»
RUSSIA MAKES PROTEST.
Denounces the Shelling of Port
Arthur's Hospitals.
PARIS, Jan. 4.—The Russian Em
bassy has transmitted to Foreign Min
ister Delcasse a protest against Japan's
alleged violation of The Hague stipu
lations relative to the immunity of
hospitals from attack. The protest is
based upon. General Stoessel's report
that the hospitals at Port Arthur were
struck during the Japanese bombard
ment, wounding some of the inmates.
Delcasse will forward the protest to
Japan.
LITTLE BOOTY FOR VICTORS.
Coal and Rice Are All That Remain in
Port Arthur.
CHEFU, Jan. 4. —It is said that the
booty which fell into the hands of the
Japanese at Port Arthur amounted
only to 80,000 tons of coal and two
months' rations of rice.
Of 270 officers of the Russian navy
at Port Arthur at the beginning of the
war 180 have been killed or wounded,
many of them while doing duty in the
fcrts.
Japanese Cruisers Off Sumatra.
BATAVIA, Island of Java, Jan. 4. —
A Dutch vessel which arrived here to
day reports that she met four Japan
ese warships off the east coast of Su
matra on January *•
Prisoners Confess Identity.
TOKIO, Jan. 4. —Commander Pelem
and a lieutenant of the Russian tor
pedo-boat destroyer Rastoronpy, who
were captured on board the British
ship Nigreti* and taken to Sasebo,
have confessed their identity before
the naval court there.
Mountain Lion Chases a Miner.
REDDING, Jan. 4.—A cougar or
mountain lion is frightening residents
in the vicinity of Four-Mile House on
the Redding-Weaverville road, eleven
miles from Redding. The animal has
followed a man on horseback and has
chased a miner to his cabin. People
in that vicinity are now afraid to
leave their homes without taking a
rifle along with them. It is believed
that the - lion has been forced down
from the mountains by the snow.
BAN JOSE, Jan. 4.— J. J. Smith, who was
recently lntllcte<l on charges of libel and of
obtaining money by false representation, was
admitted to bull to-day In the sum of $5000,
his bondsmen being J. W. Watson. R. S. Os
good aad Robert Moles, all of Alameda County.
PRAGJ2tS_ I PRAGERS I PRAGERS I PRAGERS
The Best From a Number of Departments
Groceries and Liquors of the The Block Light White Sale Specials.
mm Ef* L Af\ I # X mmmmmmm ——i-SB—— (Main Floor)
Very nigneSt yUa/liy. Bright as the Noonday Sun j Torchon Laces—i to 5 inches wide;
(Fourth Floor) (Third Floor) worth 8c and ioc a yard ; special at.... 5c
Our perfect delivery service insures Complete for if *_* *f% f" Point de Paris and Double Thread Val
prompt receipt of all goods. Telephone n f J m enciennes Laces—Worth 10c and i2 I / .c
your orders to Exchange 606. They will m 9 M • a yard; special at 5c
be given careful attention. -m v ■ . >v ■ . > Swiss Appliques and Trimming Galoons
BATON- Best Eastern Sugar-cured, JW ft 1 and manS wrappers and gowns; worth
Lennox Soap-Proctor & Gamble's; just ffe if Kght manufactured. It bums 10c a yard-White Sale Special. . . .2i/ 3 c
fits the hand] 17 bars ...50c %Jf rTd^vom f Ed & m &-*™ m 2 to 4 inches wide;
Snider's Oyster Cocktail Sauce-80t....20c fo£ wor . th 8c *> lOC a >' ard ; s P ecial P er
Kona Coffee—Pragers Reliable Brand H e ht that you can tret from > ard / ;" *V " ,:" 5C
il , • _ g&sllssi other burner. It produces Women s bkirts—Made ol hcavv muslm
Ground ' Chelate- 'or WB jjjSj* CqUal t0 with . flounce ' a *«5 value;
Lownev's ; i-lb. tins 25c 12? A whole section of our third __. s P ecia , l /*• ••y «• •• • 75C
Sugar Peas-Sifted; 3 tins 30c W to Womens Sktrts-Made of fine cambric
Swiss Cheese-Imported Ementhal; 1b...28c El ° Ck Wlth a 2 °" inch flouncc ' worth ,
Hemng-Milchner; large fat fish; 7 I OurPureFoodShow Cloth—4B inches wide; aH*" 14
*:n-!* * -111 * * cl* '' V' Now open for your con- will Open Feb' wool and fast black; regular $1.25
Olives—Manzanula; extra Spanish; quart venience ' 1 • 1 6
20c ; gallon .75c Letters registered. riiafV Jsf value J Special at $1.00
Spanish Amsrican Soups—Bean. Macaroni orders and stamps / Black Sicilian and Brilliant Taffeta— 44
*> n A Cl \ eese; finest goods packed; 3 tins j (wf connect witt iii J^^J 1 « lts inches wide; heavy and medium
3C4C; dozen outgoing malls.) rn.iaa.wwmr aeia. ... , « « . ,
Bourbon — Prize Winner; hand-made; fuA : L■j '- .}. ! regular 98c value j special at.-75c
ouarts: regularly $1.00 bottle; special 70c. A. Isim*. 9 5 „.. . " "
Old Kentucky Club—Good straight whiskey; V M ****** jewf lOf/ef hnlCieS and Stationery.
full quart : bottle GOo ; —I ■ ■ (Main Floor)
Gin—Royal Club Old Holland— 7 years old; ■—■ ■ /*■ ■ "TT. Castile Soap—ltalian I Box Paper—Contain
bottle 78c _M\\_ m W- lon « bars; regularly ing 24 sheets and 24
Port or Sherry—Extra 6-year-old wine; $ral...tW>c, fWr * 25c a bar; special at envelopes that is
Claret—Rich and fruity wine; regularly 7SC a . VB t vA.I>V:<*VLS RELIABLE 12e sold regularly at
gallon: special 45Cj §_fA r*mYFT . mlkf%MFeV CTC Bath Soonges—Large 25c; special for to-
Ginger Ale—Choice domestic: dozen »Oc Mr I*l At\T\L / i v/> Crf^JTX & kJI Kj Mediterranean; reg- day 10c
Cocktails—Crown Brand; % pints 25c; pints r r ularly qoc; special.. Writing Tablets—
VVWsUy-HmiteVßVe;- The American g£'") 4// the Shopping inducements that haw made Envelopes — A letters" c;
tleman; bottle this store popular are still here. \\ age, special Sell c ial at 10«
MAKE REQUEST
FOR A HEARING
Election Commissioners Ask
Mayor to Press Charges
Hanging Over Their Heads
The members of the Board of Elec
tion Commissioners have become
tired of the position in which they
have been placed and insist on either
being; cleared or convicted of the
charges that are now pending against
them. Accordingly yesterday they
made a demand on Mayor Schmitz for
a public trial. His Honor took prompt
action and last night sent Policeman
Peter Fanning to the Jtome of each
member of the board with a citation
for them to appear before him at the
City Hall on Saturday, January 14, for
trial. The citation was accompanied
with a copy of the charges against the
Commissioners, which are as follows:
That at all times herein mentioned the said
Robert W. Roberts, James A. Devoto, E. C.
Lefflngwell. Thomas Magulre and A. W. Voor-
were, and each of them was, a duly
appointed, qualified and acting Election Com
missioner of said City and County of San
Francisco. State of California, and together
as such Commissioners composed the Board of
Election Commissioners of said City and
County provided for under and by virtue of
the charter of said city and county aforesaid.
That prior to the 9tn day of August. 1904,
certain political organizations defined by law
and existing as such political organization* In
said city and county and in said State, duly
eomplled with the provisions of the Political
Code of said State and became entitled to
participate and have a place upon an official
ballot at a primary election to be held In aald
city and county on the 9th day of August,
l!K)4j and all the requirements of law having
been duly previously complied with, requiring
said Board of Election Commissioners to hold
such primary election, there was held in said
city and county on the 9th day of August,
1904. a primary election pursuant to law, .and
in the proceedings of said Board of Election
-Commissioners, and the performance of the
official duties of said Election Commissioners,
as members of and composing said board In the
management and conduct of said election, the
defendants as such Commissioners and each of
them was guilty of willful and corrupt mis
conduct in their said office ac such Election
Commissioners.
NOT QUALIFIED TO ACT.
That on or about the 28th day of June. 1904.
at the eaid City and County of Sap. Francisco,
State of California, said parties above named
did willfully, knowingly, unlawfully and cor
ruptly as such Board of Election Commission
ers of said City and County of San Francisco,
appoint one Joseph Rebstock, Fred Hancock,
E. E. Whitney. J. W. Freeman. John Spargo
and W. H. Abraham as primary precinct elec
tion officers for the Eightieth primary election
precinct of said City and County of San Fran
cisco, and being then and there in the Thirty
ninth Assembly District of the State of Cali
fornia, to wit: Joseph Rebstock as Inspector,
Fred Hancock and E. E. Whitney as judges,
J. W. Freeman and W. H. Abraham as clerks
and John Spargo as ballot clerk, to serve
thereafter as such officers at the said primary
election to be held on the 9th day of August,
1904, in said City and County of San Fran
cisco, when, at the time of said appointment,
the said Joseph Rebstock, Fred Hancock. X
E. Whitney. J. W. Freeman, John Spargo and
W. H. Abraham, as the eaid members of the
said Board of Election Commissioners then and
there well knew were not then and there on
the roll of the said City and
County San Francisco, and, when, as the
said members of the said Board of Election
Commissioners then and there well knew, th*
said Joseph Rebstock. Fred Hancock, B. E.
Whitney, J. W. Freeman. John Spargo and
W. H. Abraham were all members of the
same political party, and. when, as the said
members of the said Board of Election Com
missioners tWen and there well knew, the said
Joseph Rebstock Fred Hancock, E. E. Whit
ney, J W. Freeman and John Spargo were
not then and there registered electors of ths
primary election precinct for which they were
appointed primary precinct election officers, as
aforesaid, and had not been such registered
electors of such primary election precinct for
thirty days prior to their said appointment,
and when, as said members of said Board of
Election 'Commissioners then and there well
knew, said Joseph Rebstock, Fred Hancock
and said John Spargo were then and there, to
wit, at the time of their said appointment as
primary precinct election officers, as aforesaid,
holding salaried positions under the govern
ment of said City and County of San Fran
cisco, to wit: said Joseph Rebstock as fore
man of the Cleaning and Sprinkling pepart
ment under the Board of Public Works of
said city and county, said Fred Hancock as
teameter tn the Department of Electricity
under the Board of Public Works of said city
and county and said John Spargo as a stone
cutter under the Board of Public Works of
said City and County of San Francisco, which
said election precinct officers duly qualified
and acted as such precinct officers In said pre
cinct at said election on August 9. 19C4.
OFFICERS ARE APPOINTED.
That on or about the 28th day of June, 1904,
at said city and county of San Francisco, State
of California, the said Robert W. Roberts,
James A. Devoto, E. C. Lefflngwell, Thomas
Maguire and A. W. Voorsanger did willfully,
unlawfully, knowingly and corruptly as such
Beard of Election Commissioners of said city
and county- of San Francisco, appoint one W.
J. Foster, C. M. Sllverstein, G. E. Merrill, W.
Podd, A. R. Goetsen and L. S. Garson as pri
mary precinct election officers for the Seventy
third Primary Election Precinct In the city and
county of San Francisco, and being in the
Thirty-ninth Assembly District of the State of
California, to wit: said W. J. Foster as ln
kpector, said C. M. Sllverstein and said G. E.
Morrill as judges, said A. R. Goetsen and I* S.
Garson as clerks, and said W. Podd as ballot
clerk, to serve thereafter as such officers at
the primary election to be held on the 9th day
of August. 1904, in said city and county of
San Francisco, when, at the time of said ap
* ' +
Johnny Smart, Who Does Stunts,
He finds there's many a slip when he
takes a dip. In Next Sunday's Call—
Comic Section.
HOLDS OFFICIAL
UP TO RIDICULE
Bill for the Suppression of
Governor Pennypacker to
Go Before Legislature
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 4.—Owners of
the Philadelphia North American,
which so incensed Governor Penny
packer with its lampoons and cartoons
tbat he advocated the suppression of
the paper in his message to the Legis
lature, have prepared a bill holding the
Governor up to ridicule and paraphras
ing all expressions used in the measure
he suggested.
The title apd first section of the bill,
which will be presented at this ses
sion of the Legislature, are as follows:
An act relating to the conduct of public of
ficials and defining when such public officials
shall be decreed to he a public nuisance and
providing for the abatement and suppression
thereof, and for the protection of the common
wealth from degradation, ridicule and contempt
caused by public actions, utterances and rec
ommendations of public officials.
One section provides:
That whenever any publlo officer shall by
habitual exhibition of unusual. Irrational, ludi
crous, grotesque, absurd, antiquated and silly
traits of conduct, or by habitual utterance in
public documents, letters or speeches, of Ir
rational, ludicrous, grotesque, absurd, anti
quated and imbecile thoughts, or shall by the
habitual advocacy in public documents of
bloody, brutal and savage forms of punishment,
bring this commonwealth, or any county or city
thereof, into public scandal, contempt, ridi
cule, acorn and laughter, thereby degrading
and demeaning said commonwealth, county or
city 'n the estimation of sane, rational, law
abiding and God-fearing citizens of neighbor
ing States, counties and cities, he shall be,
and is hereby declared to be, a publlo and of
ficial nuisance.
pointments, the said W. J. Foster, C. M. Sll
verstein, O. E. Merrill, A. R. Goetsen, L. S.
Garson and W. Podd, as the members of the
Board of Election Commissioners then and
there well knew, were not on the last assess
ment roll of said city and county of San
Francisco, and were all then and there mem
bers of the same political party, as the said
members of the said Board of Election Com
missioners then and there well knew, which
eaid election precinct officers duly qualified
and acted as said precinct officers in said pre
cinct at said election on August 9, 1904.
All of which was and Is contrary to tbe
duties of said Board of Election Commissioners
and In violation of the election laws of the
State of California.
And you and each of said defend
ants and Election Commissioners aforesaid,
are called upon hereby to answer said charges
and also for any other willful or corrupt or
other misconduct or misdemeanor In your said
office as said Election Commissioners or ac
said board relating to the conduct or manage
ment of said primary election, all of which
I will ful'y investigate upon the hearing of this
impeachtient, and to show cause before foe as
the Mayor of said city and county upon a day
and hour fixed in the citation Issued herein
why you and each of you should not be re
moved from the office of Election Commission
ers of the said city and county.
Dated San Franclsc, the 4th day of January,
1906. E. E. SCHMITZ.
Mayor of Said City and County.
ROBERTS IS ANXIOUS.
Robert W. Roberts, president of the
Board of Election Commissioners, in
an interview last night stated:
The time has come when either the Inno
cence or guilt of the Election Commissioners
must bo definitely settled. Ws have been as
sailed by a designing press that has stopped
at nothing to heap discredit upon the efforts
of the commission to give the community a
pure ballot and clean administration of its
election affairs. A cowed and partisan Grand
Jury has (prostituted its power to inaugurate
a legal proceeding that has failed and no stone
has b?*n left unturned to Injure the present
city administration by besmirching the Elec
tion Commissioners and piling false charges
up against them.
We have waited patiently and In rain for
some sort of a public trial that would settle
the matter one wag or the other. This has
been denied us to date, for the Grand Jury
would not hear our side of the story and the
press is devoted to but one phase of the situ
ation. We have, therefore, demanded a public
Investigation and are prepared to stand by the
results. We have nothing to conceal or to be
ashamed of. I
Following is a copy of the request
for trial as made by the members of
the commission:
To the Honorable Eugene E, Schmlts, Mayor
of the City and County of San Francisco—We.
the undersigned, members of the Board of
Election Commissioners of the City and County
of San Francisco, hereby represent to your
Honor that certain charges have been made
against us and each of us, accusing us of
willful and corrupt misconduct In our*said
office, as said Election Commissioners, and we
and each of us hereby represent that you, as
said Mayor of tbe city and county, by virtue
of the powers imposed upon you by the charter
of said city and county to investigate the
conduct of all officials of said city and county,
do fully investigate any and all charges of will
ful and corrupt misconduct against the mem
bers of said Board of Election Commissioners.
R. W. ROBERTS.
A W. VOORSANGER.
JAMES A. DEVOTO.
E. C. LEFFINGWEL.L.
THOMAS McGCTRE.
Statue Is Not Damaged.
The statue on the dome of the City I
Hall was not damaged by the recent
earthquakes. Yesterday John J. Tier- j
ney, head carpenter of the Board of ;
Public Works, made an examination of j
the statue and found it unharmed, i
with the exception of a wrench which !
ft sustained during a severe windstorm •
three years ago.
PLAN TO FIGHT
TOBACCO TRUST
Independent Manufacturers
and Dealers Organize to
Wage the Trade Campaign
The tobacco trust finds guns of war
leveled at it in San Francisco. There
is no capitulation to it in its move to
take the city for wholesale and retail
trade in tobacco. The independent
manufacturers, wholesalers and store
keepers are preparing to resist to the
starvation point, they say, the cam
paign to make them yield.
They met last night, about 250 In
number, all enthusiastic for the fray.
They revived the Cigar and Tobacco
Merchants' Association, effected a new
organization and made plans to fight
the trust.
J. S. Parry announced that he had
taken st ;>s to deal the "vulture" a
smashing blow. He will have a bill in
troduced in the Legislature prohibiting
the giving away of coupons or certltb
cates with tobaccos, cigars and cigar
ettes.
The independents are to retard the
sale of the American Tobacco Com
pany's goods by appeal to their cus
tomers. The millions of the trust are a
drop in the bucket, say the independ
ents, if the independents will now
stand together.
The following were the officers elect
ed to lead in the great war of smoke:
President, J. S. Parry; first vice rre.«ident,
E5. W. Brigge; second vice president, William
Harrison; third vice president. M. Coblentz;
secretary, I.eon S. Mayer; treasurer. Slg. Ca
hen; directors (retailers) —Henry Harris. H.
Wolf, Dan P. Carter, Ben Adler. Max Cahen;
cigar manufacturers—D. Frenckel and S.
Hoffman; tobacco manufacturers—J. R.
Blanchard and T. J. Linehan; leaf tobacco
dealer, Albert Kohlberg; cigarette manufac
turer. H. Bonis; city salesmen—Ed Allenberg
and K. Bailie; wholesalers—Milton S. Esberg
and H. Bier.
In his speech accepting the presi
dency Parry declared that he would
serve only on the assurance that he
had the unswerving support of "the
cigar dealers who own their own stores
and their own souls." He said:
We are going to have a long, hard and seri
ous fight and must have determined support.
With tha strong backing of our association, I
am willing to take oft my coat, go to the bat
and give the best that's In me for the fight.
Never mind about a speech from me—it is
action that we want.
Remarks were made by several Oak
land dealers, who are threatened by
the American Tobacco Company, and
a desire to co-operate with the San
Francisco organization in hearty fash
ion was expressed- All those called on
were hopeful that the trust could be
successfully combated.
Donations from leading Independent
firms to the cause were reported to the
amount of $550.
E. W. Brlggs urged the independent
dealers to stand together. He had
words of condemnation for those who
had "sold out to the trust." He spoke
in praise of M. A. Gunst & Co. and of
C. V. Poar for "standing between tho
If every American article were as Rood as Sorosis shoes.
Uncle Sam would supply the whole world with its merchandise.
It is well known that the American manufacturer sells his
product abroad at a lower price than he charges at home.
Cheap cost of production in Europe forces him to cut the
price.
But Sorosis shoes sell at a premium in Europe. Their
merit commands it.
Neither low-priced nor high-priced shoes can compete with
the lasting beauty and comfort of Sorosis. It stands alone as
the acme of good shoemaking.
In England Sorosis shoes cost $4.00 a pair; in Germany
and Canada $4.50; in France and Russia $5.00.
Here and elsewhere in the United States Sorosis. the best
Shoe in the world, costs but
Sizes 1 to 0. Kf\
Widths AAA to EE. V
Don't Ask for your size, ask to be fitted.
SOROSIS >SHOE STORE
216 POST THIRD STREET
LOOKS FORWARD
TO A BIG YEAR
Banker Hutton of New York
Is Firm in Belief That
1905 Will Be Prosperous
• No one takes a more hopeful view of
the commercial conditions of this coun
try for the coming year than Edward
F. Hutton, a well-known New York
banker, who is among the latest ar
rivals at the St. Francis. Banker Hut
ton is making a short visit to San
Francisco on private business. In dis
cussing the commercial affairs of-the
country last evening he said:
During the last thirty days activity on the
New. York Stock Exchange has been pro
nounced and the transactions have been the
greatest since the bull market of 1901. It
was but a natural result, after a continued
advance in the price of securities for six
months with very lew reactions, ana those or
small moment, that a time would arrive when
adverse news would bring aboqt a material re
action. In fact, speculation had begun to as
sume such proportions at the opening of De
cember that many of the leading financial In
stitutions in New York were hoisting danger
signals. Banks were scrutinizing collateral
more carefully and there was a general feel
ing that a reaction must come before the flm
of the new year. It came, however, most un
expectedly, as Is usually the case, shortly
after the Issuance of the President's message,
and on Wednesday and Thursday, December (1
and 7. liquidation was severe and at times
panicky. The same large interests that
brought about the reaction appeared as buyers
of stocks on Thursday, and they have been ac
cumulating them on all weak days since then.
The technical position of the market is now
a strong one and I look for a resumption cf
the uoward trend of securities without any
great reaction for some time. It has been
frequently observed that "as .gees iron and
steel, so goes the country." The production
and consumption of pig Iron is rapidly in
creasing. The large steel companies are re
fusing orders for delivery beyond June next
and prices are being raised on all finished
products. It Is the general opinion that the
exports of merchandise from the United States
for 1904 will exceed 5000.000.000. which breaks
the high record of 1901 over $60,000,000.
In considering railroad earnings It Is well to
keep in mind that during the last six months
the railroad companies of this country bay*
expended hundreds of millions of dollars for
betterments. The effect of these expenditures
will ultimately become apparent In the reduced
operating expenses, and it is also reasonable to
expect that before long these extraordinary ex
penditures will cease. Then the true earning
power cf the big railroads will be shown and
result in the payments of dividends where
none are now being paid and increased divi
dends on many roads now on the market list.
With enormous corn and cotton crops and
high prices for wheat, an increased production
of gold and enlarged exports of our manufac
tured roods I look forward to the year 190R
with a strong belief In an improvement in all
lines of business, and. as a natural result, a
general advance in prices of securities ana
better conditions for the people in - all sec
tions of ths country-
trust and the Independent dealers. Let
us not be frightened like sheep, but
let us give battle and this wolf of a
trust will turn out to be an ass in
wolf's skin."
Other speakers were Herman Gud
stadt, M., Cerf. Charles Mattheas and
President Parry.
56
PLUNGER YEAGER TO RACE HERE'
SCHOOLMATE DEFEATS HONITON
FOR THE HANDICAP AT OAKLAND
Winner Is Bidden by Davis
and Nearly Equals a
Coast Record.
ISHTAR AT LONG ODDS
sir Wilfred Captures the
Kindergarten Event in
Commanding Fashion.
BY FRED E. Ml LHOLLAND.
, "Kansas'* Price, who watches selling
races as a cat does a mouse, in search
of sweet singers swinging idly in their
cages, turned loose a tartar in the mile
and seventy yard handicap yesterday
at Oakland.
His Wadsworth 4 gelding Schoolmate
appeared for the first time in California
dressed in his best, und, handling the
196 pounds assigned him with the ease
that a monkey juggles cocoanuts, de
feated the favorite, Honiton, by half
a length. The latter mare shouldered
top weight, 118 pounds, and ran a re
rr.arkabl.v good race, even though
btaten somewhat handily at the finish.
Travers took her out in the lead and
as the track was still somewhat heavy
the riders invariably picked a course
fully fifteen feet from the rail. Under
those adverse conditions she lost by
less than a length in 1:44%, within half
a second of the coast record.
SCHOOLMATE WELL HANDLED.
The winner. Schoolmate, perfectly
ridden by \Y. Davis, was never worse
thai) third and had the first choice at
his mercy when the stretch was
reached. Ara ran an indifferent third.
Magrane showed a twinkle of early
speed. Leila and Stilicho made no
showing whatever. As good as 10 to 1
could be had about the winner.
Favorite players again spent an un
easy session, for the ' baby" racer Sir
Wilfred, a 7 to 10 chance alone won
brackets. Handy Bill, Budd Wade,
Redan and Ishtar, In addition to
Schoolmate, dropped in at lengthy quo
tations.
Handy Bill made a show of Dei
farina, the 13 to 20 favorite for the
opening seven furlong selling number.
There was a genteel play on Bill at
4 and 5 to 1. and with Willie Daly up
he led from start to finish. The favor
ite disposed of Baker by three lengths
for the place. The other starters were
outclassed-
At his second essay D. Cameron's Sir
Wilfred made good. The son of Ossary
and Plumeria went to the post a 7 to
10 choice and spreadeagled his field.
Soledad, the Napa Stock Farm entry,
piloted by Bullman, held the balance
of the field safe, leading out Abe Meyer
half a length for place honors. Dora
Gentry beat the barrier, leading for
about a sixteenth of a mile.
BUDD WADE WINS BY A NOSE.
Both of the choices, Lady Kent and
The Lieutenant, finished behind Budd
Wade in the mile selling affair. The
stable connections were sweet on Budd
yesterday and turned loose their money
with lavish hand in the ring. He had
O. Chandler In the saddle, and, after
looking an easy winner a furlong from
home, only downed Lady Kent, the
pacemaker, the shortest kind of a head.
Ihe Lieutenant finished a distant
third. Molto, a backed outsider, dis
played some early speed, but can't beat
this kind.
Bullman handed the Futurity course
sprint, fifth to be decided, with Redan,
an 8 to 1 outsider in the betting. He
got the sprinter away sailing and,
never in difficulties, breezed in ahead
of Joe Frey and Royal W T hlte, two
other neglected ones. Peter J, the fa
vorite, couldn't run fast enough to
raise a scrape. Berendos did not get
away from the barrier.
Rector, favorite, and Padua, second
choice, finished last and next to that
obhorred position, respectively, in the
abhorred position, respectively, in the
Bride, astride Ishtar, a 15 to 1 shot, led
almost from the start, winning cleverly
by a length from Judge and Little
Wally. Travers, on Rector, got away
poorly and could not break through
the blockade. Jones made a fine mess
Of it with Padua. 4
TRACK NOTES.
Weights for the Follansbee handicap,
to be run on Saturday, were assigned
• yesterday. It will be a high-weight
event at seven furlongs for three-year
olds and upward, with $2000 added.
Following are the imposts:
Bearcatcher UO'Yellow Tail 108
Honiton 1"! The Mist 108
Fossil 127 Saeredus 108
Beau Ormonde 12(1 Ed Lllburn 108
The Mighty 126 Captain Forsee 108
Ananias 124 Silverskln 108
San Nicholas 124 Eckersall* 107
Elliott 183 One Way 107
W. R. Condon 122 Squire Johnson 107
Letola 122. Madeline Mangan.,lo7
Misty's Pride 122j Darksome 107
Rookaway 121| Invader 106
Sidonia 120 Bard Burns 106
Kantoon 120, Mindanao 106
Princess Titanla.. .120! Th© Lieutenant 106 1
Bombardier 120 Lihble Candid 106
GoM Money 119 Emma Reuhold 105
MaTtinmaa 119 Parttng Jennie 105
Andrew B. Cook.. .118 Canonlcus 106
Vcsuvlan 117 Spondullx 105
I'asadena 117 Saggtttarlus 105
Sals 116 Red Tip 10J
Bridge 116 Dolllc H 10.1
Arabo , 116 Instructor 106
Arcade 11«lAlbert Fir 108
Double Six ll.VLa.dy "Mmbo 106
Toledo 114 Relna oel Rio 105
Cold Enamel 114 Achilles 106
Judge 114 105
Kenilworth 114 Border Mark ~105
Felipe Lugo 113 Dragoon 105
Sir Brillar 113 Cora Goetz 106
Bine of Life 113 Suburban Queen.... 105 J
Ishtar 113!Plncerfty Belle 103
Evea G 112 Lindsay Gordon 102
Ooyrohe 112 Azelina 101 1
Whisky King 112 Bob Ragon 101 I
Albula 112 Modredlaw , 101 I
Magrane 112,805 c Eley.... 10ti j
Padua UljGarry Owen 100 j
Americano 11l Golden Idol 100
Cloudllght 111! Princess Zula 100 !
The Major. HOiLucrece 100
Starlight IlO|Tennybum 100
Fort Wayne 110 Sea Voyage 100 '
Diderot 110 Lillian Ayres 100 I
The Lady Rohesia..lo9 chestnut 100 I
Tooolaw 168 Llllitus 100 -
Solanus 109 George P. M c Near,.loo 1
Royal Rogue .189 ' edarburg 100 I
Jarrettierre d'Or... 109.
J. Q. Keene & Co. lost Peter J from |
the fifth race. The sprinter was |
claimed by Pete Romigh, owner of i
Bee Rosewater.
Will Clark, the young Montana mil
lionaire admirer of the turf, viewed the |
racing yesterday. Mr. Clark has a.
string of harness horses wintering at'
Lo* Angeles in charge of Teddy Hayes. |
Twenty books cut in, five less than 1
at the preceding drawing. Skeleton j
bank rolls always cut a figure ardund:
the holidays, but seldom last long.
Hold-up men were In evidence at the I
track Tuesday night. Several sleeping
stalls were broken Into and articles
tciken of more or less value. The fore
man of Lee Blasingame's stable was
aroused to find a wicked looking gun
pointed, at his head and a request to
keep still from a burly looking indi
vidual- When the robber departed he
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAX I>—Wednesday, .1 an, 4. \Vr>a! In-c tine. Track good.
707 J. FIRST RACE—Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Index' Horse' and Owner. (WtfSt. ft. 4- Str. Fin. i Jockey. ! Op. jCt.
;«S9 Handy Bill (D. Zellnsky) '10(>j 311 1n"11 11 12 IW. Daly....j 4 5
rt)BU Del Carina (R. A. .Smith) jlo2i 5 ii 4 ft 3 14- U2 4 [Greenfield 4-5 13-20
[Baker (J. J. McAlester) :106' I 5 :.' ■» £h H IWJ r. H. Michels 3 13-5
;> I. IJlHiene {Tv, H. Ezell) j 00 G « n 5 4 5 5 4 h Barrett 100 7j
.'"> Ban Jose tO. W. Wilson) 1011 1 4 h -4 24* 4 4 4 510 Taylor 20Q 200
7»35 IGknfman (A. Rosa) ;iooj 3n 0 0 6 ti [Bell ) 200 300
Time— -*O»4. 1:16*4, 1:294. At post V. minute. Off tt 2:15%. Bill, place. 1; show,
2-,0. Carina, tdace, 1-4; out show. Show, out. Winner, eh. c. by Hand
spring -Bllietia. Trained by J. O. Brown. Scratched- Golden Buck, Bob Ragon. Start
good. Won easily. Balance driving. Handy Bill was supposed to fancy a lightning last
track, but everything suited him to-day. Del Carina ran as if short. Baker poorly
riuden. Others no account.
ZU7'Z. SECOND RACE—Three furlongs; purse; two-year-olds; value to first, $326.
Index j Horse and Own*r. IWtJSt. 4. 4. str. Fin. j Jockey. Op. CI.
7060 iSIr Wilfred (D. Cameron)... 11 13j ;{ 1 141 5 IJ. Jones 1-2 7-10
[Soledad .(Napa Stock Farm)..:llo 1! ... si M Bullman ... 4 18-6
7000 (Abe Meyer (H. Stover) |110 i 6 8n 3 n 'Hoffman .. 15 30
: Don Gentry (W. Stantield). . [110 I 2 144 h IMinder IB 12
I IHtjuurum Box (Summers) 113; 7 12 S1 4 McGuire .. 10 30
j 7UGO .Yulo Girl (Forbes & Co) ml 4 44 « 4 W, Knapp 0 12
I [Lady Catherine (D. ZelinskyUHOj 8 S 7 1 (Kennedy .. 50 40
IC. Burnett (Bianchl & McG)|IKJ « 6 1 » Bell 4 8
} IRed T-.nny (Browning Bros).. US !t 9 t) Holferook ..| 15 J<J
, [AvOOalia (Del Rio Stable) (11«); 10 10 10 Greenfield I *
I f'-rry (Forbes & Co) [113)11 11 11 IHelgesen ..| **
(Tin* :24, :3«>i. At post 1», minutes. Off at 2:434- Wilfred, place. 1-3; out show.
; Soledad, plate. 0-5; show, 7-10. Meyer, show, 6. Winner, b. c, by Osaary-Plumeria.
Trained by D. Cameron. Start poor. Won easily. Second and third driving. w inner
i-. t Soledad ran a nice race. Bora Gentiv beat tho barrier two lengths. Red Tenny
! swerve,! |„ lron t of Avonalis at start. Batter is a elevei Ully. Equorum Rex will do.
/ "Coupl.-d with Captain Burnett. ""Coupled with Yolo Girl.
I 7 ° 7;{ ' THIRD RACE—One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up: value to first, $325.
Indexj HorsT Twt!St.~Vi~ 4~i %. Str.~Ffn;' i Jockey, j Op. CI.
j 7657 |Budtl Wade, 0 (Baker »'y. St.)jlott! 7 6 3V.4 3 Ins O. Chandler 2 5-2
7057 :Lady Kent, a (A. Klmberly).. jioui 1 2 241 h 1 2 2 3 2 0 W. Knapp- 5-2 11-5
! 7iW3 (The Lieutenant. 4 (Stover).. i 106. 4 4 45 4 4U 5 4 •'" ti J. Jones... 5-2 11-5
I 7553 Lady Fashion, 3 (Mrs. Miller)) 83j 5 5U « 147 10 tt 4 4 6 Earnshaw . SO 60
1 7621 Molto, 5 (H. B. Shannon) ICO! 6 IHl2> .3 243 h5 I Travers ... 20 16
7007 Mr. Fainum, 5 (G. AY. Wilson) flo2| 8 74 76 6n 710 64 Taylor 30 50
788© (Waterspout, 4 (R. A. Smith). 101 2 3 14.3 h5 4 4n7 15 Greenfield , 20 20
7059 JVulcain, a (L. H. Ezell) |tlfr| 3 8 S 8 8 .8 jAnderson . 30 30
Time—;2s. :51, 1:164, 1:48%. At post 24 minues. Off at 3:09. Wade, place, 4-5; show.
8-5. Kent, place. 7-10: show, 1-3. Bieutenant, show, 2-5. Winner, b. g. by Balgowan-
Marjorle. Trained by W. Cushman. Scratched—Harry Beck. Start good. Won In a
drive of two. Third and fourth driving hard. Budd was the real Alabama tobasco
sauce to-day and should have won further off. Lady Kent couldn't beat him to-day.
The Lieutenant has an ailing foot. Lady Fashion ran a fair race. Molto quit. So did
Waterspout. • 1
7«74. FOURTH RACE—I mile and 70 yards; handicap; 8-year-olds and up; value Ist. $800.
Indexl Horse and Owner. iWtiSt. 4. *£. 6tr. Fin. j Jockey. Op. CI.
'[Schoolmate. 4 (W. S. Price).. |106) 734342 223. 1 4 (W. Davis., 6 8
(7614);Honlton, 5 (P. Ryan) 11181 2 1 141 2 1 »«ml 428 jTravers ... 6-5 1
7(k>4 iAra, 3 (Stevens & Am} ! 03 1 B 244 n 4 4*4 2 3 24JW. Knapp. 30 50
(7G52) Magrane, 4 (Magrane & C0.).j102 3 2 2 2 h 3 n 3 144 14(J. Jones S 18-5
7626 Leila, 4 (C. F. Clark) 102 4 6 1 6 246 4 5 2 5 h [Greenfield . 6 7
(7646)!Stillcho. 5 (Baker City Stable)| 85 67 7 7 6465 T. Clark... 10 15
7650 ;Ora Viva. 5 (Reilly & C0.)..j 995 43 54 54 7 7 [Mcßride .. 20 30
Time— :244. :494. 1:144, 1:404. 1:444. At nost 2 minutes. -Off at 8:334. Schoolmate,
place. 13-5; show, 6-5* Hontton, place. 1-2; show, 1-4. Ara, show, 5. Winner, b. g.
by Wadsworth-Margaret Jane. Trained by T. Kelly. Scratched—Ananias. Start good.
Won easily. Second driving. Third handily. Schoolmate Is a good one and could have
won farther. Honiton ran a very clever race. The field all went wide owing to the
track's condition. Magrane stopped. Leila must have trained off. Stilicho outclassed.
So was Oro Viva.
7075. FIFTH RACE—Futurity course; 4-year-olds and up; selling; value to first, $325.
lr.dexi iforse and Owner. IWtlHt. 4. 4- %• Str. Ftn. | Jockey. I Op. CI.
7654 [Redan. 6 (G. Strobel) |llof X ... 1 241 141 141 1 Bullman 8 7
74«» Uoe Frey, a (J. F. Schorr) |107| 4 ... 3 243 243 4 224 Kunz 10 16
(7<>tl) Royal White, 5 (F. Lowrle).. 11081 2 ... 5 4 5 145 n 3ns |Bell 6 25
7663 Revolt, 6 (V. Gilbert) |107j 6 ... 2h 2«4 22 4 141 W. Knapp. 6 5
7443 Ptter J, 5 (J. O. Keene & Co.)|10l! 8 ... 4 n 4 247 10 5 1 |\V. Davis.. 6-5 3-2
0004 iVelma Clark, a (McAlester).. 1051 3 ... 64 7 4 64 6 n IH. Michaels 10 50
7060 Miss M. Bowdish. 4 <Blsngme)| 93! 5 ... 7 2 6%44 715 IL. Fountain 60 150
7041 Bee Rosewater, 6 (Romlgh).. |102 7 ... 8 8 8 8 T. Clark... 60 200
(7485)|Berendps. a (W. Scharetg).. ,!109[ Left jHelgesen .. 3 3
Time—:244. :494, 1:114- At post 2 minutes, riff at 4:01. Redan, place, 2; show. 4-5.
Frey, place. 6; show, 5-2. White, show, 5-2. Winner, b. g. by Artillery-Princess No
rettl. Trained by G. Strobel. Scratched —Mocorito. Aibonlta. Start bad. Second handi
ly. Third driving hard. Bullrhan got Redan off flying. Joe Frey did fairly well. Re
volt quit. Peter J, off poorly, was not overburdened with speed. Berendos wheeled.
7076. SIXTH RACE—Six furlongs; 4-year-olds and up; purse; value to first, |325.
Indexj Horse and Owner. IWUSt. Str. Fin. J Jockey, j Op. CIT
7591 llshtar, 6 (J. Ryan) 11021 2 ... lh 21 In 11 (Mcßride ... 6* 15
7661 Judge, 4 (J. J. McAlester) 1109| 6 ... 443% 22 2 n IH. Michaels 7-2 6
7683 Little WaJly, 4 (Brlnkworth)!lo2| 3 ... 5h 5 1 4 143 24!Bonner 10 25
7656 lAlbula, a (Lamasney 8r05.).. [112 1 ... 2%1n 344n [Bullman .. 15 20
7652 [Padua 4 (W. S. Price) ,104 -4 .. . 3% tt 6 5 h [J, Jones... 8-5 2
(7661)|Rectcr, 4 (C. E. Eckert)...... jlOOj 6 ... 6 44 6 1 6 [Travers ... 8-5 6-5
Time—:24%, 1:144. At post 4 minute. Off, at 4:28. Ishtar, place, 4; show, 8-5.
Judge, place, 6-5: show. 1-2. Wally, show, 8-5. Winner, b. m. by Sam Lucas-Islac.
Trained by G. Wentworth. Start good. Won easily. Balance driving. Ishtar received
perfect handling. Judge, ridden differently, showed marked Improvement. Albula quit,
.tones rode Padua about as well as a crab cracker would render Beethoven's Moonlight
Sonata on a tin whistle. Rector oft poorly and pocketed through the course Travers-picked
out. ■ »
POCATELLI WILL START
IN UNION PARK STAKE
Champion Greyhound Will Make His
First Appearance in Several
Months at Union Park.
A match between the greyhounds
Humboldt and Carlow Boy and a
fifty-six dog open stake will make up
this week's card at Union Coursing
Park. Champion Pocatelli will be
among the starters for the first time
in several months. The draw last
night resulted as follows:
Open stake flfty-slx entries—Bob R vs.
Romping Girl; Story's Slater vs. Fiery Crows;
Ren°gade Apache vs. Muggsy; Lost Chord vs.
The Raider; Anna Ryne vs. Yellowstone; Idle
wyse vs. Texas Jill; Texas Ho© Hoo vs. Mcl
llnwood; Peerless Beauty vs. Bell Marie;
Cranberry Sauce vs. Lulu Girl; Sunnybrook
vs. Becky Sharp; The Referee vs. Quits; Me
dea vs. Duncan: Forest Fire vs. Pocatelli;
Jigamaroo vs. Graceful; Little Mercy vs. Ka
llspel; Mickey Free vs. Klttleman; Belle Free
vs. Presto: Sir Dick vs. Rocked Asleep; Sting,
aree vs. Glaucus; Rapid Water vs. Reckless
Acrobat; McVey vs. Slroc; Richard Anton vs.
J E H; Sylvester vs. Hidden Hatred; Raby
Aurora vs. May Tunlson; Ina Clssus vs. Texas
Mamie: Quicksand vs. lone Hill: Foxhunter vs.
Wild Turkey; McHenry vs. Sherman.
Match for a purse of 8300. best three in five
courses—Humboldt vs. Carlow Boy.
BILLIARDIST WRIGHT
MAY WIN HIGH HONORS
(•uliforniaii Looms Up as Favorite for
Championship Honors in Na
tional Tournament,
CHICAGO, Jan. 4.— W. K. Wright
of San Francisco has loomed up as
favorite for championship honors in
the coming: national amateur billiard]
tourney, which begins at the Chicago
Athletic Association tiie last of this
month. The Callfornian is being
picked to capture the event by many
prominent players and critics.
W. H. Slgourney, the crack San
Francisco player, is the latest to men
tion Wright. In a letter to Colonel
Hamburger, chairman of the commit
tee in charge of the event, he says
Wright, if in his best form, will provej
the star of the tourney', whether he
wins or not, because his style of play
proves most magnetic to lovers of bil
liards.
JEFFERSON CITT, Mo.. Jan. 4.—The Gen
eral Assembly was called to order to-day. This
Is the first Republican House of Representa
tives in Missouri In ten years. Routine busi
ness took up the opening hours.
locked the foreman in the stall.
Johnny Mellin, well known as the
former right-hand man of Caesar
Young, arrived from New York yes
terday-
Racegoers will rejoice to learn that
Gene Hildebrand will be see \ in the
saddle again shortly at c kland.
"Plunger" Joe Yeager wired frot, ...os
Angeles yesterday asking for twt ty
three stalls.' This means that the
plunger, his following, big stable and
the premier jockey will be here within
the next week. When here Hildebrand
expressed a decided preference for this
section of the State and will no doubt
be slad to return.
"English Bill" Jackman, the book
maker, had not done much good up to
the last race. Then he "bumped" the
two favorites, Rector and Padua, win
ning about $4500.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1905.
FUSILLADE WILD CARRY
TOP WEIGHT IN HANDICAP
F. J. Carolan's Great Pony Is Given
the Place of Honor In Race
Over Five Furlongs.
The second day's race meeting of
the California Polo and Pony Racing
Association will be held on Saturday
at the private track of Charles W.
Clark at San Mateo. Robert Leigh
ton, the handicapper, has allotted
weights for the two Important handi
caps to be decided that day. F. J.
Carolan's Fusillade will carry 163
pounds, the heaviest impost in the
race at five furlongs, while Silver Dick
must shoulder 170 pounds in th 4
quarter mile. The weights follow:
Five furlongs, handicap—Fusilade 163, Bas
Blancs 160, Honoma 154, Atvernle 147, Cha
nate 144, Carlotta 144, Brown Peggy 143.
Quarter of a mile handicap—Silver Dick 170,
Becky 162, Marigold 161. Peggy Williams 160,
Fanny Anderson 158, Princess Flavla 150. Lady
Gay 140. Carlotta 137. Alvemie 135 Althomcr
135, Mary Alleen 130. Sister 125, Queen Rucker
125, Cakewalk 120, Silver Queen 120. ,
Wrestlers Are in Training.
In limiting falls to an hour's dura
tion in the Jack Carkeek-Tom Jen
kins match for the world,'s catch-as
catch-can championship 'at Wood
ward's Pavilion next Tuesday night,
Manager Levy has struck a popular
chord. The wrestlers maintain that
there ia little doubt that the time lim
it will be pressed, but the knowledge
that sixty minutes will be practical
ly wasted If no fall ensues will serve
to make action livelier. Carkeek Is
master of the catch-as-catch-can
game and has never been beaten' at
it Since he gained the championship
belt. He has never met Jenkins; who
admits this to be his best style, so the
combat should be doubly Interesting.
Nelson Drops Manager Murphy.
Battling Nelson announced definitely
yesterday that Manager Teddy
and he had separated. Nelson con
fided this information to' his friends
some time ago, but he waited until ahf
his affairs with Murphy were straight
ened out before be made it public.
Nelson leaves to-day for a Aye weeks*
stay In the mountains.
Know-It-AH Jake Plays jthe Races,
His horse finishing last, It proves his
finish. In Next Sunday's Call—Comic
Section. - \ _
Does Not Want an Attorney.
Oeorge Miller, an ex-convict, was
arraigned before Judge Lawlor yes
terday on a charge of robbery. The
Judge asked him if he wanted an at-i
torney to look his interests and
he gruffly replied in the negative. The
case was continued till. Saturday for
the defendant to plead, when it, is. ex
pected that he will enter a plea of
guilty. Miller, who has a number of
prior convictions against him. held up
Richard C. Mahone at Filbert and
Fillmore streets on r November 20 and
robbed him of $78 46.. Policeman
John S. O'Neil caught him in the act
and after,an exchange of shots O'Noil
succeeded In arresting Miller.
HORSES WHICH
FIGURE BEST.
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
First race—Mocorito, Golden
Buck, Mimo.
Second race — Suburban
Queen, Frank Pearce, Haven
Run.
Third race—Robert Mitchell,
Princess Zula, Andvari.
Fourth race — Mansard,
Misty's Pride, Sea Air.
Fifth race — J. V. Klrby,
Frank Woods, Augie.
Sixth race—Prince Brutus,
Squire Johnson, Smithy Kane,
SPEEDY SPRINTERS
IN FOURTH EVENT
The card at Oakland this afternoon
is a fair one, .'even though possessing
no startling racing features. In the
fourth race of the day such flyers as
Martinmas, Sad Sam, Mansard, Misty's
Pride, Iridius and Sea Air will meet
in a five-furlong scramble. The day's
entries:
Flm race, six furlongs, three-year-olds and
up. selling.
7040 A Lady (Dodge) 92
764H Golden Buck (Schorr) 94
7059 J. H. Bennett (Romlgh) 100
7668 'Royal Sweepstakes (Miller)' 89
(7324)»The Stewardess (Winter & Johnson). .102
7630 The Cure (Brinkworth & Co) 109
7620 Salable (Price) ~ 94
7642 »Mlmo (Sheridan) 104
7669 'Mocorjto (Ryan) 102
(7659)A1ta G (Hertrell) ...107
7669 H'.ppnnax (Dean) 109
Second race, seven furlongs, four-year-olds
and up, selling.
7605 Aibonita (McAbee & Davis) 107
7031 Kubelik (Balrd) 109
7665 'Karabel (Bottger & Harrison) 102
7637 Thomdale (Murray) 109
7637 CSnnlbar (Chappelt) 100
7492 Penz-ance (Stover) 107
7624 "Young Pepper (Getchell) 101
7665 'Silurian (Lamasney Bros) 104
7065 *Bntldor (Fine) 104
7654 Suburban Queen (Winter & Johnson).. 107
7665 Frank Pearce (Stephenson) 109
7024 Mai wells (Dayton & Kahn) 104
7665 "Haven Run (Harris) 101
7562 Wistaria (Stockton Stable) lOt
Third race, six furlongs, three-year-olds, sell
ing.
7651 Bearskin (Skinner * Co) 109
Nlka (Ezell) 104
7644 "Ben Eric (Blasingame) 106
7539 Andvuri (Knapp) 114
(7ti47)Gler.dene (Saunders) 109
7G49 Sweet Kitty Bellalrs (Price) 104
7647 Julia Bouth (De la Montanya) 104
7053 •Robert Mitchell (Summers) 109
7006 The Reprobate (Keene) 11l
7647 "Pearl Waters (Waters) 89
7586 Edna Sullivan (Sullivan) 109
7473 Cedarburg (Alhambra Stable) 109
7491 El Palsano (Strobel) 109
7606 Princess Zula (Laporie & Forbes) 108
Fourth race—Five furlongs; three-year-olds
and up: purse:
7039 Iridius (Jennings) 112
7658 Sea Air (McLaughlin) 88
7645 Martinmas (Hfwshall) 109
7666 Sea Voyage (Miller) 89
7645 Misty's Pride (Jones) 112
7661 F. E. Shaw (Blanchl) 108
(7f.42)Sad Sam (Green) 114
7639 Mansard (Keene) 114
Fifth race—One mils and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
(7665) Box Elder (Moran) 104
(7637)*Augle (Maglll) 104
7666 "Young Marlow (McLaughlin) 104
(7643)"Adlrondack (Shannon) 104
(7Css)"Vlgoroso (Appleby & Co.) 104
7655 Frank Woods (Garden Ctty Stable). .108
7663 "Trapsetter (Ezell) 102
7590 Theodora L (Smith) 107
7571 "Morengo (Maryland Stable) 104
7650 Hogarth (Turner) 104
7669 "Rene (Lamasney Bros.) 102
7538 J. V. Klrby (Strobel) 109
Sixth race—Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds; purse:
7647 Apellonla (Sheridan) 100
7417 Duplex (Touhey) 100
7640 Squire Johnson (Miller) 105
(7658) Prince Brutus (Cameron) 107
7644 Smlthv Kane (Hall & Marshall) 102
7636 Eetella J (Jennings A Co.) 102
(7G49)Davld Boland (Balrd) 107
7517 Prickles {Maglll) 100
•Apprentice allowance.
New Orleans Racing Results.
NEW OB.DEANB. Jan. 4.—Result* of to
day's racing:
First race, six furlongs—Red Ruler won,
Frank Bill second, Yorkshire third. Time,
1:15 3-5.
Second race, three and a half furlongs—Ver
dant won, Ethel Hayman second, Thichlm
lngo third. Time, :43 1-5.
Third race, six furlongs—Janet A won. Po
seur second. Dagln Draper third. Time, 1:13.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles—Au
Revolr won, Brooklyn second. St. Sever third.
Time. 1:54 1-5.
Fifth race— Aye and a half furlongs—Flor
entine won, Edith May second. Savior Falre
third. Time. 1:06 3-5.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth mlles-i-Joe
lesser won, Homestead second, St. Tammany
third. Time, 1:47 4-5.
TWO ALLEGED FOOTPADS
ARE HELD BY POLICE
Man Points Out William Maguire
and Stephen Sarrell as Thugs
Who Robbed Pedestrian.
Stephen Sarrell and William Mac
guire, suspected footpads, were ar
rested In an East-street restaurant
last night by Detectives Mc/Jowan and
Conlon and placed in the tanks await
ing developments. The detectives say
they arrested the men on information
from a man whose identity they refuse
to disclose. \
The man claims he saw Sarrell and
Macguire hold up a pedestrian at
East and Harrison streets a few
nights ago. They were In the act of
going through his pockets, says the
informer, when a stranger hove in
sight and flashed a star, at sight of
which the two men fled. The police
think Sarrell and Macguire are the
men who have been holding up per
sons south of Market street lately.
ACCIDENT PUTS END
TO A HUNTING TRIP
Thomas Walsh and J. Ferguson Fall
From a Wagon and Suffer
Painful Injuries.
Thomas Walsh, the well-known sa
loon man, and J. Ferguson were the
victims of a wagon accident near Col
linsvllle on Tuesday night. Walsh, his
wife and Ferguson were thrown from
their vehicle while on a hunting trip.
Walsh and Ferguson each sustained a
broken arm, while Mrs. Walsh escaped
uninjured.
The accident occurred on a rough
stretch of road a few miles outside of
Collinsville. The wagon ran into a rut
and was upset, throwing its occupants
to the ground. The injured men were
brought back to this city last night.
Ferguson was removed to St Mary's
Hospital and Walsh to his home. Fer
guson received internal injuries that
may prove seripus. .
OBERLIN. Ohio. Jan. 4.—Fire to-night de
stroyed Clement's Opera-house block, the two
Gagnon blocks, the Hotel Thorndlke. a drug
store and several smaller buildings. Loss,
$150,000.
DUTIFUL FIRST
AT LONG ODDS
Talent Taken by Surprise
When Gray Horse Lands
at Ripe Odds of 30 to 1
KENILWORTH IN FRONT
Judges Suspend Jockey Law
rence Indefinitely for a
Shady Ride on Ben Lear
' LOS ANGELES, Jan. 4.—Tho gray
horse Dutiful furnished the sensation
■at Ascot to-day, winning the mile
race at 80 to 1 • from Tim Payne
and Blissful in the order named. Mc-
Grathiana Prince was favorite In this
race, but was never in the running. On
the whole favorites had a bad day of
it, Ben Lear being the only one to
come home ahead of his field. Lauretta
Phillips, at 7 to L Position at from 2 to
4 to 1, Kenilworth at Dutiful at 30
and Hersain at 3 to 1 were ths other
winners.
Jockey Lawrence waa indefinitely!
I suspended for his ride on Ben Lear on
the 2d Inst. The Judges have had this
v ride under investigation and when
I Lear won to-day they took action
against Lawrence. McDaniel was suc
cessful on three mounts. Weather
I clear, track fair. Summary:
First race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Lauretta Phillips, 100 (McDaniel). 7 to 1,
won; July Gyp, 107 (Herbert), 10 to 1. second;
Tangible, 105 (Kent). 8 to 2, third. Time,
1:604- Ed Guiniburg, Egg Nogg, No Friend
and Conceit also ran.
Second race. Slauson course, selling—Ben
Lear, 110 (McDaniel), 7 to 10. won; Sir Chris
topher, 115 (Prior), 12 to 1. second; Great Mo
gul, 110 (Kent), 9 to 2, third. Time, 1:094.
Lady Rowel), Bath Beaoh, Nellie May, Mac-
Flecknoe and Decimo also ran.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Position, 112 (Dugan), 2 to 1, won; Capa
ble, 107 (Hogg), 10 to 1, aecond; Great Eastern,
108 (Lynch). 8 to 5. third. Time, 1:484.
Flora Bright, Foxy Grandpa, Ledatrix, Ernt
and Chickadee also ran.
Fourth race, six furlongs—Kenilworth, 110
(Herbert), 7 to 2. won; Judgs Denton, 107 (H.
Smith), 11 to 5, second; Hllona. 95 (McDaniel).
3to 1. third. Time, 1:134. Kehallan, Golden
Boy and Borghesl also ran.
Fifth race, one mile, selling—Dutiful, 104
(Miller), 30 to 1. won; Tim Payne, 104 (Kent),
7 to 2, second; Blissful, 104 (McDaniel). 2 to 1.
tbird. Time. 1:41. Golden Light and Mc-
Grathiana Prince also ran.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling—Hersain, 85
(McDaniel). 13 to 5, won; Agnes Mack, 104
(Slnnott), 11 to 10, second; Flo Manola, 95
(Kent), 16 to 1, third. Time, 1:144. Bessie
Weltty, Ethel Scruggs, Skirmish and St. Wlnl
frlde also ran.
MOTIVE POWER
TO BE CHANGED
Works Board Grants Permit
for Conversion of the Cali
fornia Street Beach Line
I he Board of Works yesterday grant
ed a permit to the United Railroads to
change the present steam railroad from
California street and Ceneral avenue
to the Cliff House into an overhead
electric system over the same route.
Mrs. Emma L. Merritt, executrix of
the Sutro estate, withdrew her previous
protest against the granting of the
permit. Mrs. Merritt objected to a
double track on the Sutro property,
but City Engineer Woodward reported
that so far as the franchise for that
portion of the road is concerned it ap
pears to be optional with the owners
whether it is to have a single or double
track. The franchise for the road be
tween Parker and First avenues ex
pires in 1929 and the right to use elec
tricity thereon will be secured from the
Supervisors. The franchise between
First avenue and the beach will ex
pire in 1911. It Is understood that work
on the reconstruction of the road will
begin at once, all the material being
on hand.
The Supervisors' Street Committee
later recommended a resolution grant
ing the United Railroads permission to
use electricity on that portion of the
road on California street between Par
ker and First avenues- The committee
also favored the use of Iron poles on
the system.
The board ordered grades to be
changed on Fulton street from Twenty
fifth avenue to Thirty-seventh avenue.
Provision in the budget was made for
the expenditure of $15,000 for the im
provement of Fulton street from Twen
ty-fifth avenue to the Great Highway.
The appropriation is not sufficient to
carry out the entire improvement and
the matter of making grade changes
will be taken up separately.
The petitions of Albert Meyer to mac
adamize I street, between Twentieth
and Twenty-first avenues, and of A. B.
Clute to bituminize Sixth avenue, be
tween Clement and California streets,
were denied.
The board appointed John Casey
foreman in Chinatown, vice John But
ler transferred.
The petition of residents that the
premises at 2964 Twenty-second street
be condemned as a menace to life was
referred to the Health Board.
The City Architect's plans for a two
story frame engine-house on Twenty
sixth avenue, near Point Lobos avenue,
| were referred to the Fire Department.
i After the meeting P. M. Gopcevic, a
member of the F. M. Yorke Company,
which has the contract for repairing
bituminous pavements, held a consul
tation with President Schmitz. The
latter urged Gopcevic to resume the
work of repairing the streets as the
Supervisors' Finance Committee had
requested him to do. Gopcevic de
murred, saying that his bills had not
been paid for August and September on
the pretext that the measurements of
the area covered had not been correctly
made.
Gopcevic, after consulting with F. M.
Yorke, flatly refused to go on with the
work- He claims that the Finance
Committee has acted in bad faith by
holding up the bills for work already
done; also that the company's contract
for paving H street was abrogated be
cause the Supervisors had not recom
mended the Improvement, although the
contract for improving Nineteenth ave
nue, which was also not recommended,
had been settled.
The Board of Works will report the
matter to the Supervisors' Finance
Committee and it is likeiy that steps
will be taken to forfeit the contract
and do the work either by inviting new
bids or by day labor by the city itself.
TURCHETTI CHARGED WITH MURDER.
In the Inquest on the body of William Mc-
Allister yesterday a Coroner's Jury returned
a verdict charging Alvlso Turchetti with mur
der. Turchetti shot and killed McAllister on
Pacific street on Christmas night.
AMATEUR CLUBS
ARE UNDER FIRE
The Athletic Officials Are
Finally Moving Against
Small Fight Promoters
3JORE WEIGHT FOR GANS
Baltimore Vaudeville Artist
and Gardner Will Not
Meet at Lightweight Limit
If the Supervisors are sincere in
their stand that they will suppress the
so-called amateur boxing clubs if evi
dence is forthcoming to show they are
sailing under false colors there may
ba no more such exhibitions.
At the annual meeting of the Pacific
Athletic Association the governing
body of amateur sport on this coast,
President William Greer Harrison of
the Olympic Club made a strong ad
dress dealing chiefly with this evil.
He said he, individually, would render
all the assistance in his power to
stamp It out and would guarantee the
aid of the Olympic Club.
The matter was brought forcibly
home to the Olympic Club last Friday
night when Sam Berger, one of its
members, took part in one of these af
fairs. The directors have sufficient
evidence before them to warrant drop
ping Berger from the membership
roll. When he was elected a regular
member it was with the understanding
that he would hand the secretary his
written resignation. This was to be
used at the option of the directors.
Jimmy Britt presented the same
form of resignation when he was
elected. In his case he is an avowed
professional, while Berger is charged
with sailing under false colors. The
directors will act on Berger's case to
morrow night.
The fight promoting clubs have been
making big money out of the young
boys who make up the major portion
of their cards. The receipts at three
of these affairs recently were respec
tively $2900, $3200 and $3600. The
boys are paid a mere pittance, while
the managers pocket big profits.
Although It was given out on Tues
day that Gans and Jimmy Gardner
were to meet here at 133 pounds at
6 o'clock, these figures were amended
yesterday to read 136 at 6 o'clock.
It is known Gans would have difficulty
In touching the lightweight limit.
Gardner is said to be no better off, as
h.. la a big, rangy young fellow, who
is growing rapidly.
After Gans' poor showing with Britt
the promoters are taking a chance on
tho attitude the public will assume
when he .appears again. There will
surely be little betting until Herford
declares with which man he wants to
win. Possibly they should be coupled
in the betting. His friends openly
boasted after the Britt fight that it
was originally Intended that Jimmy
should win, but the Baltimore manipu
lator thought there would be more
money in the betting to have Gans win
and Gans did win.
After the "fight" Gans told one man
he could have beaten Britt in one
round, while to another he confided he
could have beaten him with one hand
tied behind him. Even a nearsighted
man can see Gardner's finish if the
Baltimore flreater Is sent in to fight
and not to tfake. The public which
patronizes these exhibitions will have
to take its chances as to what it will
see.
LEARN SCHOOLS' NEEDS
FOR SANITARY REPAIRS
Supervisor d'Ancona and Director
Roncovierl Visit Several Build
ings to Take Notes.
School Director Roncovieri and Su
pervisor d'Ancona yesterday visited
several schools for the purpose of as
certaining: their needs in the matter of
sanitary improvements and repairs.
This is one of several visits already
made by the city officials named, it
being: their desire to acquaint them
selves with the actual requirements to
put the school buildings in proper
shape at once in order that the Fin
ance Committee may allow some
money for the same.
Superintendent of Schools Langdon
yesterday issued a circular of Instruc
tion to principals and teachers. All
day school principals are requested to
meet the Superintendent at room 356
City Hall on Monday, January 9, at
3:45 p. m.
On the opening of the spring term
the B fifth grade will continue the
Eggleston history and "Wood Folk at
School"; the A fifth will use the "New
State Introductory History," but not
"Wood Folk at School." Use the
history for both reading and study.
One Denman medal and one Bridge
medal will be allowed 80 each school
entitled to the same. Principals are
requested to send for order for the
same at once.
A musical teacher will be sent as
a representative from each school to
confer with the supervisor of music
in reference to the coming Mayday
festival. These teachers will meet in
room 7 of the Lincoln School on
Wednesday. January 25, at 4:15 p. m.
The California Club announces that
Jacob Rils will lecture at the Alham
bra Theater Monday evening. Janu
ary 9; subject, "Tony's Hardships."
REPORTS BIG INCREASE
ON SUNDAY SCHOOL ROLL
West Side Christian Church Finds at
End of Year Marked Additions
in Membership.
At the West Side Christian Church,
Bush street, near Devisadero, last
night the annual reports of the various
societies were read and officers elected
foi the ensuing year. Rev. Walter M.
White, D.D., presided and spoke of the
splendid year which had Just ended.
The Sunday school had increased 300
per cent, there being on the roll 548
names, and during the year there had
been an increase in membership of 103-
She officers elected were: Trustees,
ge E. A. Bridgford. Dr. B. F.
Clarke, Dr. R. L. Rigdon. George B.
Crittenden and D. F. Parker; elders.
Rev. Walter M. White, D.D., and Judge
Bridgford; deacons. Dr. J„ E* Huffman,
J. F. Hood, H. L. Miser f E. C. Dudley,
T. J. Jeans, George B. Crittenden. A.
E. Flagg, J. B. Hatcher, W. A. Con
nolly, A. Welsh. R. F. Armstrong. R.
G. White, R. O. Osborne, D. F. Parker
and Dr- R. D. Rigdon; deaconesses,
Mrs. E. M. Mcßimey, Mrs. C. E. Moss,
Mrs. W. H. Hooper, Mrs. W. H. Cam
eron and Miss Nettle E. Gardner; su
perintendent of Sunday Bchool, W. A.
Connolly; assistant, H. L. Miser.
BOSTON. Jan. 4.—The Massachusetts House
to-day unseated Representative Thomas F.
Curley of the Seventeenth Suffolk District. He
Is serving a Jail sentence for fraud against
the United States Government in connection
with civil service examinations.
TRACKS OFFER
CORRIGAN AID
Officials Join the Racing
Magnate iv His Fight
With Western Jockey Club
NEWPORT TURNED DOWN
Famous Outlaw Course Will
Not Be Included in the
New Circuit Now Forming
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Jan. 4.—Edward Corrigan
and his forces met in Mr. Corrigan's
room at the Annex to-day and dis
cussed their plans of warfare in the
coming battle with the Western Jockey
Club. During the day they were vis
ited by a representative of the famous
Newport, Ky., track, and were in re
ceipt of a telegram from P. J. Car
mody of St. Louis, stating the St. Louis
courts had set aside the recent sale of
Union track and offering his support in
case he and his associates regained con
trol of the course.
The significance attached to this de
sire on the part of outside racing asso
ciations to assist Corrigan, Devereaux,
Winn, Respess and others in the fight
tends to show that sympathy may plsy
a part in the coming clash of the West
ern Jockey Club tracks and the new
circuit that will undeniably be formed
to oppose them.
During the conference, which lasted
all day and well into the evening, Mr.
Nolan of Cincinnati made his appear
ance in the interest of the famous out
law Newport track, last conducted by
John J. Ryan of "get-rich-qulck" no
toriety.
Mr. Nolan addressed Mr. Corrigan in
person and immediately began to in
quire as to the prospects of the New
port track being taken into the new cir
sult among others. Corrigan told No
lan he wanted nothing to do with New
port at any stage of the game, and
those present voiced his sentiments.
Nolan persisted, but his attempt for
recognition was futile and he went
away discouraged.
Corrigan and the men who are fight
ing for the rights with him refrained
from divulging their immediate plans.
"PITTSBURG PHIL" IS ILL.
Famous Plunger in Serious Condition
in a North Carolina Sanitarium.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.—George E.
Smith, "Pittsburg Phil," it was report
ed along Broadway this afternoon, is
seriously ill in Asheville, N. C, where
he has been for sSncie time in a sani
tarium. Mr. Smith has been in ill
health for several years. Last sea
son he was reported dying in the Adi
rondacks. He was somewhat con
spicuous around Eastern race courses
for a portion of the season, although
his operations in the ring were by no
means so extensive as formerly.
During the holidays he sent many
Christmas presents to old friends In
Pittsburg, where he first began his
remarkably successful career as a
backer of race horses. It is said
"Phil" still continues to take an inter
eat in the current races and that he
has had some success In picking win
ners at Los Angeles and New Orleans.
THROWS SAND IN MACHINERY —Henry
Heckelemuller, an oiler for the United Rail
roads, was arrested last night for malicious
mischief. Heekelsmuller Is employed In the
North Beach power house. Other employes
detected him throwlnsr sand In the machinery.
Some time ago a similar act was done by an
unknown, which aid damage to the extent of
$10,000 and tied up several lines of cars.
ADVERTIS EMENTS.
Snity
I am compelled by a sense of gratitude
to tell you the great good your remedy
has done me in a case of Contagions Blood
Poison. Among other symptoms I was se
verely afflicted with Rheumatism, and got
almost past going. The disease got a firm
hold upon my system; my blood was thor
oughly poisoned with the virus. I lost in
weight, was run down, had sore throat,
eruptions, splotches and other evidences
of the disease. I was truly in a bad shape
when I began the use of S. S. S., but the
persistent use of it brought me out of my
trouble safe and sound, and I have the
courage to publicly testify to the virtues of
your great blood remedy, S. S. 8., and to
recommend it to all blood-poison suffer
ers, sincerely believing if it is taken ac
cording to directions, and given a fair
trial, it will thoroughly eliminate every
particle of the virus. Tames Curban.
Stark Hotel, Greensburg, Pa.
Painful swellings in the groins, red erup"
tions upon the skin, sores in the mouth
and loss of hair and eyebrows, are some of
the symptoms of this vile disease. S. S. S.
is an antidote for the awful virus that
attacks and destroys even the bones.
S. S. S. contains no Mercury, Potash or
other mineral ingredient. We offer $i ,000
for proof that it is not absolutely veget
_*m mm _ffm m _g_mm m able. Home treat
m%mm\ —9 m *M rnent book giving
Mm 1 H 1 M 1 the symptoms ana
other' interesting
and valuable infor
mation about this
«■ m disease, mailed
k ■ k ■ t W free. Our physi-
\m*MW c * an9 advise free
M\m\w T m M_W those who write us.
The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, 6a.
(Author of "Hand's System of Handicapping
and Turf Speculator's Guide.")
BOOKS 1-2-3-4. 850 MAEKET ST..
San Francisco.
Our figures are based atrictly on the class,
and form of horses and jockeys n» shown' in
ACTUAL races—not "Inside Information" or
"workouts"—the result being that we obtain
an average of OVF" CENT OF
WINNERS CONTINI'CCSLT. i
Call and investigate v? and our methods of
doing buHness.
Terms)—S3.oo Daily. $15.00 Weekly cr
850.00 Monthly. ( -"—*
REFERENCES—ANY reputable racing maa
is America.IN COLLISION OFF THE HEADS
Schooner Ida flcKay Dismasted as She Reaches Port
The schooner O. M. Kellogg, which
arrived yesterday morning from Rara
tonga* was run into Tuesday niglit
while lying at anchor off the heads
by the schooner Ida McKay, bound in
from Eureka. The Kellogg escaped
'Without injury, but the Ida McKay
•looked very much the worse for wear
when she came into port. Her rigging
•oft the starboard side was carried away,
her- mizzen mast was lying on deck in a
tangle of wire rope and the shifting
r»f her deckload gave her a heavy list.
Bhe strained her timbers against the
Btout sides of the Kellogg and had
t,wo feet of water In her hold when
she anchored. Nobody was injured on
either vessel.
The O. M. Kellogg. Captain Iversen,
is from Raratonga. a small Island of
the Cook group. The harbor at Rara
tonga was just wide enough to admit
the Kellogg, with about two feet to
spare on either side. The Island itself
•is only six miles long by four miles
wide, but is exceedingly fruitful. Cap
tain Iversen says the place is the near
esl to Paradise he ever expects to find
on this earth. The fifty whites and
400 natives that make up Raratonga's
population are all most hospitably in
clined and when Captain Iversen was
r.nt being entertained ashore as many
of the inhabitants as could crowd on
beard were dancing on the Kellogg's
deck.
"It is Paradise unspoiled," said Cap
tain Iversen yesterday, "and long may
it be kept from the kind of civiliza
tion that has spoiled many of the
South Sea islands. The people are
kind and intelligent, healthy, easy-go
ing and prosperous. They have a reli
gious service once every two months
and the merchant is a "bigger citizen
than the missionary. I'm a pretty
ancient mariner, but of all the places I
*>ver visited Rrtrntonga holds first
rlace. If I'd discovered it earlier I'd
have been one of its leading citizens
now."
Raratonga ships about 150 tons a
month of tropical products, mostly to
Australia. The Kellogg brought 392
ttins of copra and 46.000 cocoanuts.
Raratonga is about "00 miles from
Tahiti and the have much in
common. Tahiti having the advantage
o? regular communication with the
outside world.
Tug Sea Rover Returns.
The tug Sea Rover, which went north to
assist the disabled steamer Lakme to port, re
turned yesterday, having failed to find the
broken down coaster. The Lakme, in tow of
tne North Fork, was driven by the eoutherly
.'itorm far to the north of Humboldt. This.
.r""cbably I? the reason the Rover's mission
wa« a failure. Wh»n last seen the North
was still struggling with her water
logged tow.
Abydos Coaling in Stream.
The schooner E. B. Jackson, which arrived
-her 23 from Newcastle, Australia, with
ll'X) tons cf coal, is transferring her cargo to
the bunkers of the Kosmos liner Abydos, which
Is at anchor off Harrison street. So many
Kcsr-TD boats have arrived of late that some
6 * ilty has been experienced in eecurins
suitable wharf space for the loading and dis
charging of cargo.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. January 4.
Ptrhr Helen P Drew, Gunderson. 11 hours
'rem Point Arena.
Stmr Areata. Macgenn, 76 hours from Coos
Pay.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall, 68 hours from
Portland, via Astoria hours.
Stmr Cccs Bay. Nicolson, 65 hours from San
P»dro and way ports.
Stmr Czarina, Johnson, 68 hours from Coos
■ Btl ir Olympic, Hansen, 82 hours from Ho
= Bark Kaiulani, Colly, 27 days from Hono-
Bktn Aurora, Hellquist. 13 days from Blame.
. Ma McKay, Lethols, 8 days from
E*ire.ka.
B at 0 M Kellogg, Iverson, 38 days from
' .Rarait nga.
.Schr A Campbell, Svenson, 10 day
from Grays Harbor.
r W F J»wett, Pettersen, 11 days from
Columbia River.
• Schr '.has R Wilson, Sandberg, 11 days from
Crave Harbor.
Tug Pea Rover. Thompson, 17 hours from
Eureka.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, January 4.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, San Di
ego, ef; Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
'ie.- srnv Amasis. .lr.rs«?n. Hamburg, etc,
•vs Victoria, B C; J P Pt.rerkeis * Bros Co.
Pimr Argyll. Gilboy, Vancouver, B C, and
Portland: Union Ol! ' ompany.
". Fr hark Emma Laurats, Fischeux, Hull; J
J Moore « Co.
Fr bark Notre Dame d'Ar\or. Cousinet, New
•Caledonia, Roth, Blum & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday. January 4.
_ Stmr Phienix. Odland. Eureka.
"Stmr Arctic, Nelson. Eureka.
• Stair Natlor.al City, Hammar. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Wesn.ort. Swanson. Westport.
. Rr ?;mr Wellington, cutler, Ladysmitb, BC,
Stmr t elia. Hagen. Albion. / •
• Stmr Breakwater Seaman. Coos Bay.
Stmr k Ell»*sen. Fort Bragg.
Ship Fort George, Fullerton. Kahului.
. ' Ft. bark Emma Laurans, Fischeux, Hull,
Schr M'r.toTvy. Nelson. Monterey.
P:hr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, Bolinaa.
Sfhr Newark. .l >hnson, Byxbees Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
• POINT IX) BOS. Jan 4, 10 p m—Weather
•hazy and cam.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
. SEATTLE—Am , d Jan 4, 4 a m—Stmi
•Rair.ler, hence Bee 31; stmr Tampico, hence
Dec «il.
Arrived Jan 4—Ger stmr Nekn. hence Jan 1.
ASTORlA—Arrived Jan 4—Stmr Columbia,
hence Jan 2 :«nir FA Kilburn, hence Dec 31.
via Eureka and Coop Bay.
. Palled Jan 4 Br ship Purbridge. for Delagoa
Bay: Fr bark Jules <icmm«-s, for Queenstown.
. TATOOSH ISLAM.- ra-«-d out Jan 4-S-hr
Tsurut. from Port Gambie, for San Pedro:
•echr Lottie Bennett, from Chemainus for
■ Iquique; Fr bark La Tour d'Auvergn*. from
Tacoma. for Melbourne: schr Endeavor, from
Gamble, for San Francisco.
• EUREKA—Arrived Jan 4-s:mr Vangua-d
hence Jan 2.
Sailed Jan 4—Stmr Prentiss, fcr San Fran
risco; rtmr Francis H Lessen, for San Pe
dro: Br ship Acamas. for Queenstown
PORT HARFORD —Sailed .lar. 4, io a m—
Stmr Santa Cruz, for San Francisco.
P r 'RT GAMBLE—Arrived Jan 4—Schr Sal
' 'vator. from San Pedro.
Arrived Jan 4—Schr Salvator. from Port
•Townsend.
■ BAMDON— Sailed Jan 4—Stmr Eliiabeth, for
Ean Francisco.
Arrived Jan 4—Schr Ruby, for San Pedro
SAN PEDRO—Arrived Jan 3—Bktn Re,
trlever, from Port Hadlock; schr Ludlow, from
Port Hadlock: stmr San Pedro, from Port Los
Anjreles ;s*.mr Samoa, from Caspar.
' Sailed Jan 3—Stmr laqua, for San Francl»co;
'stmr Norwood, with stmr Chehails in tow[
for San Francisco.
1 ' iRT TOWNSEND —Arrived Jan 4—Schr
Lyman D Foster, hence Dec 28.
lassed Inward Jan 4 —Bktn Gleaner, hence
Dee 28 lor Seattle.
Called Jan 4—Br bark Sfrathdon, for Mcl-
SOUTH BEND —Sailed Jan 4—Stmr Se
queia. for Ran Francisco.
PAN DlEGO—Sailed Jan 4 —Schr A J West,
for Grays Harbor.
SAN PEDRO—Arrived Jan 2—Schr Lud
low: bktn Retriever, from Port Hadlock.
Palled Jan 4—Stmr* Chehalis, Norwood, Sa
nvja. laqua and James S Higgins, -for San
Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR—Sailed Jan 4—Brig Lur
"line and erhrs Volant. Repeat and Annie M.
f'ampbell, for San Francisco; schr R C Slade,
fcr Valparaiso; schr Philippine, for San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU—Arrived Jan 3—Stmr Mon
golia, hence Dec 28.
Sailed Jan 4—Stmr Mongolia, for Yokohama.
HlLO—Sailed Jan 4—Stmr Enterprise, for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VAUARA ISO— Arrived Dec 20—Br stmr
Condor, from Baltimore.
YOKOHAMA—Arrived Jan 7—Br stmr Tar
tar, from Vancouver.
MONTEVIDEO—SaiIed Dee 7—Br stmr
Capac. for New York.
• PENAXG- Sailed Dec IS—Br stmr Tele
machui-. fa r Colombo
■ *QUIQUK—Sailed Dee 31—Br ship Celtic
Chief. for Philadelphia.
HAMBlßG—Sailed Dec 31—Ger stmr
Ramses, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY. N S W- Sailed prior to Jan 4—
-!? mr M °ena, for Vancouver, BC.
. SHANGHAI—Arrived Jan 3—Ship John Ena,
from Philadelphia.
SCHOONERS IDA McKAY AND O. M. KEI.LOGG. WHICH WERE IN COLLISION TUESDAY NIGHT OFF THE HEAD?. THE
KELLOGG, WHICH WAS ANCHORED. ESCAPED WITHOUT INJURY. BUT THE OTHER VESSEL WAS GREATLY
DAMAGED. LOSING A MAST AND SPRINGING A LEAK.
ST VINCENT —Sailed Dec 18— Br stmr Low
ther Castle, for Mnnlla.
LISBON —Sailed Dec 30—Span stmr Ali
cante fcr Manila.
NEWCASTLE, N S W—Arrived prior to Jan
4- Br bark Brodtrick Castle, hence Nov 11.
Arrived prior to Jan 4—Br bark Broderlck
Castle, hence Nov 11.
VICTORIA—Arrived Jan 4—Stmr Columbia,
heuce Jan 2; stmr F A Kllburn, hence Dec 31,
via Eureka and Coos Bay.
Arrived Jan 4—Br ship Haddon Hall, from
Guayaquil
•
Memoranda.
Per schr W F .lewett, from Columbia River
Jan 4—Dec 28 Lost, In a strong SW gale and
heavy sea. boat washed out of after davit and
lost overboard.
Per bark Aurora—Dec 28, 200 miles west of
Cape Blanco, had very heavy SSW (tale; no
damage done
SEATTLE. Jan 4-Stmr Tacoma, grounded
oft West Point yesterday, expects to pull off
at high tide to-day.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Montara
Empire
Coronado
G. Dollar
Iaqua
S. Barbara... .
F. Leggett
Aurella
Elizabeth
8. Monica
Point Arena..
Acapuico
Santa Rosa. ..
Corona j
City Puebla...:
J. Higgins 1
Eureka !
Edith j
Seattle ...J 'Jan. ft
kCooa Bay ;Jan. r>
Grays Harbor [Jan. 6
| Grays Harbor Jan. ft
San Pedro I Jan. 5
| Grays Harbor ; Jan. ft
Humboldt Jan. 6
' Portland ft Astoria Jan. 3
! Coqullle River (Jan. 6
Grays Harbor |Jan. 6
'Mendocino & Pt. Arena.!Jan. 5
New York via Ancon..'Jan. B
! San Diego & Way Ports Jan. 6
; Humboldt (Jan. 6
I Puget Sound Ports Jan. 6
'San Pedro Jan, 8
! Humboldt (Jan. 6
: Oyster Harbor ,Jan. fl
j San Pedro Jan. «
San Pedro Jan. fi
j San Pedro ft Way Pts.iJan. 7
Humboldt jJan. 7
'Honolulu ft Kahului..; Jan. 7
Willapa Harbor (Jan. 7
San Pedro Jan. 7
Seattle I Jan. 8
Humboldt ;Jan. 8
Portland ft Astoria.... i Jan. 9
! Coos Bay 'Jan. 9
San Diego ft Way Pts.iJan. 9
Humboldt !Jan. 9
' Grays Harbor Jan. 9
Crescent City Jan. fl
Grays Harbor fan. 10
! Coos Bay ft Pt. Orford Jan. 10
: Point Arena ft Albion.. Jan. 10
! Puget Sound Ports Jan. 11
! Humboldt (Jan. 11
j San Pedro ft Way Pts.!Jan. 11
'Seattle ft Belllngham.. I Jan. 11
'New York via Ancon.jJan. 11
Portland ft Coos Bay..|Jan. 11
Grays Harbor !Jan. 12
China &*Jarnt. Jan. U
Portland ft Astoria :Jan. 14
Due.
Jan. ft
Jan. ft
Jan. ft
Jan. ft
Jan. B
Jan. ft
Chehali* j
Norwood
Santa Crui... j
Vanguard
Nevadan ;
Sequoia
San Pedro
Saxonia
Arctic j
Columbia j
Breakwater..
State Cal j
Pomona I
Homer
Del Norte
Newburg
Areata !
Porno
Umatilla
North Fork.. •
Coos Bay
Rainier
ity Panama.
'. Kiltturn
rr.tralla
K>ric
!. W. Elder.. I
TO SAIL.
Steamer.
j Destination. | Sails, j Pier.
Destination.
S. Barbara..
F. Leggett..
Areata
S. Monica...
Pomona
Anubia j
Iaqua !
Porno
State of Cat.!
Queen j
Nebraskan. .1
-n orwooa
Coos Bay...I
N. Fork j
Redondo
San Pedro...
Coronado...
Ellzabetn. ..
Point Arena.
Aurella
O. W. Elder.
City Para...
Curacao
Czarina
G. Dollar...
I
January S. j I
Ix>s Anseles Ports. 1 pnvPier 2
Loa Angeles Ports ! 2 pmjPUr 2
Coos B. * Pt. Orfd 12 m ; Pler IS
Los Angeles Ports; 2 pmjPler 2
Humboldt il:30p;Pier 9
Hamburg ft Way . to am Pier 19
I Astoria ft Portland! 2 pnvPier 2
jPt. Arena ft Alblonj 6 pin Pier 2
!San Diego ft Way.i 9 am!Pier 11
I Puget Sound Ports. Ill am'Pier 9
iHono. ft Kahului.l 3 pnvPier 23
January 6. I
Seattle direct ! 5 pmjPier 2
San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
; Humboldt 9 amiPier 20
I January 7.
Astoria ft Portland 4 pm;Pier 2
< Humboldt | 4 pm|Pier 2
| Grays Harbor j 4 pmlPier 10
jcoqullle River ! ft pm'Pier 20
[Point Arena j 4 pmjPier 2
|Astoria * Portlandj 4 pmjFler 27
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
N. Y. via Ancon..|12 m|Pier 40
1 Mexican Porta 10 amiPier 11
ICoos Bay direct... f> pnvPier 8
Seattle direct 1 4 pmlPier 20
January 8. I
Humboldt jl:30pPi«r 9
! San Diego ft Way I 9 am Pier 11
Humboldt I 9 am Pier 13
January 9.
Hamburg ft Way..,10 am Pier 19
, Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
January 10. I
China ft Japan j 1 pm.Pier 40
: Puget Sound Porta. 11 amjPler 9
ISan Pedro * Way.] 8 amiPier 11
January 11. I I
IWillapa Harbor j 4 pm Pier 20
Humboldt 1 9 ami Pier 2
I Coos Bay direct | 6 pm'Pier 8
January 19. (
Sydney ft Way Pta.l 2 pm'Pier 7
Astoria ft Portland 11 am Pier 24
Grays Harbor 4 pmjPier 10
January 14. I
N. T. via
Portland ft Way. I 4 pmlPier 27
! Seattle ft Bllnghm 4 pm Pier 20
! Grays Harbor.: 4 pmlPier 10
January 16.
Puget Bound Porta.]11 am|Pier •
ml
Corona
8. Rosa |
Eureka |
Saxonla !
Argo j
China
City Puebla.!
S. Cruz
Sequoia I
Arctic
Breakwater. |
Sierra
Columbia...
Homer
| Acapulco
F. Kllburn..
Rainier
Newburg...
Umatilla....!
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer, j Destination.
Dolphin Skagway * Way Ports.
Ramona < Ska*way ft Way Porta.]
Portland Seldovia ft Way Porta
Farallon ;Skagway ft Way Porta.
Escalator Yaldci & Way Porta |
Sails.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office U. S. N Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco,' Cal
January 4. 1905. X.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to day—
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1905.
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. ST., in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the tame at both places.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 5.
Sun rises 7:25
Sun rets 5:06
Moon sets (new) 6:08 p. m.
H W
Ft
L XV]
Ft. I
H W
Ft. ' 1 Ft.
5 | 0:03
6 1 0:48
7 1:30
8 2:11
9 2:49
10 8:13
11 ! 4:00
4.6 4:2* 2 9 10:.",.', 6.1 5:31 — 0.8
4 6 5:14! 3.0111 :1« 5.9 6:10|—0.6
4.71 6:00! 8.0 11:55! 5.5 6:50;—0.4
4.8! 6:48! 3.1 12:38! 5.1! 7:23' 0.0
4.8: 7:4l! 3.1! 1:24| 4.7 8:02] 0.4
! 4.8 8:371 3.1i 2:18 4.3' 8:37 0.8
4.8 9:40; 2.9| 3:0G 3.9 9:18' 1.2
NOTE—In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except r.'hen a minus (—)
sign precede? the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane cf reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Brier Holme Uninsurable.
The British bark Brier Holme, which has
been on the overdue list for some time, yes
terday was declared uninsurable. She is out
167 days from London for Hobart and was
quoted at 90 per cent. The rate on the Stork
has been advanced to 70 per cent and the
Edith Mary to 85 per cent.
Was Seized by Japanese.
The British tramp steamer Crusader, which
arrived Tuesday night from Moji with 6000
tons of coal, was captured by the Japanese
on her voyage from Puget Pound to Shanghai.
She was taken to Hakodate, but released as
soon ss the Japanese were satisfied that her
destination was a neutral port.
Courser Raised and Righted.
The coal barge Courser, which played the
star part in the recent southeaster. was> righted
yesterday and in a few weeks will be repaired
and in commission a»ain. She capsized oft
Harrison-street wharf, and three men who
composed her crew narrowly escaped drowning.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The French bark Emma Laurans was cleared
yesterday for Hull, England, with 66,797 ctls
barley, valued at $82,193 arid 26,000 feet lum
ber as dunnange valued at $390.
Crude Oil for the North.
The tank steamer Argyll, which was cleared
yesterday for Portland via Vancouver, car
ried 10.000 barrels of crude oil in bulk, valued
at $8000. for Vancouver, and 15,086 barrels
for Portland.
GADSKI WILL CHARM AT
ALHAMBRA TO-NIGHT
Queen of Song Has Arranged a Pro
gramme of Unusual Brilliancy
and Interest.
Following is the Gadskl programme
for the second recital that will be
given to-night at the Alhambra:
Part I—Aria. "Samson et Delila" (Saint
Saens): "Feldelnsamkelt." "Yon Ewlger
Llebe," "Slumber 8ong" (Brahms).
Part 11, arias and songs of American com
posers—Aria, "Hora Novisaima" (Horatio S.
Parker); "Cupid Wings" (Hammond): "Christ
mas Night" •Rider-Pcssart); "The Clover"
(E. MacDowell): "Airly Beacon," "The Night
ingale Song" (E. Nevln).
Part lll—Piano solo, prelude, "Die Miester
6inger" iWaener). H. Selmar Meyrowltz;
"Verborgenhelt" (H. Wolf); "Zwei Klnderlle
der" iTaubert); "Traum Durch die Dammer
ung." "Caecllle" iR. Strauss).
Much interest is being taken in the
group of American songs to be given
by the singer, and the modern Ger
man school of song writers will be
handsomely represented by examples
from Wolf, Strauss, Brahms and Tau
bert.
Mme. Gadski is in splendid form.
Her voice Is more beautiful than ever
in its purity and freshness. H. Selmar
Meyrowltz, who accompanies the
singer, is brilliantly accomplished in
the art.
Lectures at St. Luke's.
Rev. C. T. Walkley of St. Paul's,
Rev. C. T. Walkley of St. Paul s, Oak-
Church. He chose for his subject
"Home Work and Examinations." The
lecture was under the auspices of the
Sunday-school Institute of California.
A large audience was present
Weather Report.
<120 th Meridian, Pacific Time).
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 4-5 p. m.
The following; maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston .'{4-141 Pittsburg 24-10
Chicago 24-12iNew Orleans 54-40
Cincinnati 22-10|New York ;Mi-\'Z
Honolulu. H. 1..74-64! St. Louis 29-20
Jacksonville 02-3OWashington 48-11
Philadelphia 38-18 i
SAN FRANCISCO 54-42
Tin. following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date ps coniDared with these of the same date
last Sr-ason and the rainfall in the laat twenty
four hours:
I.ast This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 00 17.37 18.51
Red Blufr no H. 75 12.18
Sacramento oo 8.78 4.73
Kan Francisco 00 11.18 «!io
Fresno 00 0.18 .M
Independence 00 .45 42
San Luis Obispo 0» 6.47 .82
Loa Angeles 00 3.5H .43
3an D.ego 00 2.59 . 42
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS.
3
he
3 3
H r.
<* a
i
c
! 33
i 3
SC
S
3
- c
4
I
w
EC
O
3
Baker SO.48 34 lfi NW Clear .00
Carson 30.83 44 24 NW clear .00
Eureka 30.18 62 44 N Clear .00
Frrsno 30.18 42 32 S Cloudy .00
S B. Farallon..30.12 .VI 52 N clear .00
Flagstaff 30.08 46 8 N flear 00
Pocatello 30.46 32 12 E Oear .00
Independence 28
Bos AngMes. . 20.98 74 46 SW c lear .00
Mt. Tamalpai<i:;0.t2 50 44 SE Clear 00
North Head ..30.48 46 36 NW Clear i»1
Phoenix 20.96 6S 30 W Clear 00
Pt. Reyes Bt...'!0.08 64 46 SW Clear .00
Portia.id :;0.46 34 34 NW Cloudy .00
Red BiuiT 10.14 62 40 N Clear .00
Rn«eburgr 30.40 40 36 SE Cloudy .00
Sacramento . .80.14 4S 32 SB near .00
Salt Lftke 30.38 31 16 S near .Co
San Franc!sco.30.14 51 42 N Clear .00
B. B. Obispo. ..30.C2 C2 38 N clear 00
San Di"go 29.94 72 52 W clear 00
Seattle 30.52 46 36 NW Clear .01
Spokans 30.48 40 32 W Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 30.44 41 40 S Cloudy .12
Walla Walla .30.46 46 34 SW Clear .00
Wlnnemurca ..30.42 42 18 N Clear - T.
Yuma 29.98 68 44 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure Is fallinr along the coast of
California, but continues high over the inter
mounttin ccuntry.
No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. January 5:
California., north of Tehachapl—Fair Thurs
day: llcht northeast winds.
California, south of Tehachapl—Fair Thurs
day; fresh north winds.
Nevada —Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Thursday;
light northeast winds.
Lob Anseles and vicinity—Fair Thursday;
light northeast wind.*, '•hanging to southerly.
Sacramento —Fair Thursday, warmer; light
east winds.
Fresno —Fair Thursday, warmer; light north
winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Surrendered by His Mother.
John Fraser, the boy for whom the
Mission police have been looking and
who is said to have been one of the
party which held up and robbed a
young girl on the Corbett road a few
days ago, was brought before Captain
M. O. Anderson of the Mission sta
tion yesterday afternoon by his
mother. The boy is only 10 years of
age and had been in hiding in dif
ferent parts of the city since the day
on which it is alleged he took part
in the affair. He had been sleeping in
sheds and barns until driven home by
cold and hunger. As soon as he came
home and got something to eat his
mother escorted him to the station and
surrendered him.
PLEADS GUILTY TO EMBEZZLEMENT.
Arthur Loeb pleaded guilty In Judge Dunne's
court yesterday to a charge of felony embez
zlement and was ordered to appear for sen
tence on January 10. He was employed by
Flelschmann A Co.. distillers. 508 Front street
and on August 12 he collected $190, which he
appropriated to hli own use.
Th Silhouette I,and,
Showing that the postponed laugh is
often the heartiest. In Next Sunday's
Call—Comic Section .
+- —*
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Box of
THE NEW
GRAHAM BISCUITS,
Made by the
MUTUAL BISCUIT COMPANY.
Free With Every. Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small *d Pace for Further
Particulars.
HOPS AND MALT
CAUSE STRIFE
Stockholders of a Brewing
Company Have a Quarrel
Over Division of Profit
OLD REVOLVER DRAWN
August Meyer Swears Out a
Warrant for the Arrest
of Partner and Employer
If the saloon men who purchase
i foamy steam and lager from the Col
j umbia Brewing Company discover
blood stains all over their beer kegs
I they need not be astonished, for there
are activities not induced by hops in
| the joy factory at 326 Clementina street.
> Tuesday evening the hard feelings of
. the two owners of the establishment
i found vent in a vociferous quarrel, and
' before the dispute was ended President
and General Manager H. D. Ulrichs
flourished a revolver in the face of
: August Meyer, a stockholder and
! driver.
| Yesterday Meyer swore out a war
'■ rant for Ulricas' arrest, charging that
j the books of the concern were kept
! from him and that he had been
| assa ted. - ach says the other is try
' ing to get control of the entire estab
; lishment and both punctuate their as
! sertions with remarkably forceful
; German-Engiish epithets,
i The Ulrichs family controls one-half
jof the capital stock. The Meyer family
controls the other half. The president
of the concern, however, controls all
the directors. When a stockholders'
meeting is called, Meyer is present with
half but less than a majority of the
stock. Ulrichs fails to vote and the
directors remain unchanged. This
might suit Meyer were it not for the
fact that the directors handle the
money.
Ulrichs says, "* gave him half of the
profits."
Meyer says. "He takes half the
profits, I get half and his son gets
another half."
This form of division is under the
scrutiny of the courts as a result of
ihe filing of five different civil suits.
Meyer says he simply wanted to get a
view of the books Tuesday evening.
Ulrichs says his fellow-etockholder
wished to destroy the corporation's rec
ords. At any rate, Ulrichs drew a
weapon that must have been used by
the Chinese when they first invented
gunpowder 500 years before the Chris
tian era and Meyer dropped the books.
After further fracturing the already
battered atmosphere. Meyer went home.
Ulrichs was released on $40 cash bail.
A young Ulrichs is secretary and
wagon driver for the concern. The case
will be discussed in the Police Court to
morrow.
INQUIRES INTO
EPPINGER CASE
The Grand Jury yesterday turned its
attention to the alleged swindle that
Eppinger & Company perpetrated on
the banks by means of forged ware
house certificates. A number of wit
nesses were examined, but no definite
conclusion was reached in the effort to
bring about more effective prosecution.
Jacob Eppinger, one member of the
grain firm, was tried some months ago,
but the jury disagreed. His brother
Herman has also been charged, and
the trial is set for the near future.
Colonel J. C. Beck, who was for
merly manager \of the International
Banking Company, the principal suf
ferer from the looting of the ware
houses, was called to testify yester
day. President Bowles of the .Ameri
can Natio:.al Bank was also a witness.
The others called were C. F. Herlitz
and Robert Williams. The latter came
from Crockett. Contra Costa County,
where Eppinger & Company had a
big warehouse. He was a grain in
spector at the time the frauds were
committed.
The Jurors also investigated the case
of B. C. Parks, who was tried in Judge
Lawlor's court on a charge of em
bezzlement, escaping conviction by a
disagreement of the jury. It is alleged
that while serving as manager of a
men s furnishing store on Sixth street,
owned by Mrs. Mary Selowsky, he mis
appropriated funds to the amount of
$9000. Parks disappeared from the city
after his trial, but he has returned and
It is desired ro have him indicted. No
indictment was returned yesterday, but
it probably will be to-morrow night, to
which time the Grand Jury adjourned.
The Police Committee, which has
been investigating corruption in China
town, reported progress. Not much has
been accomplished for several days.
WORK DELAYED
BY ONE TENANT
The construction of a twelve-story
building by the Humboldt Savings
Bank at 18 Geary street may be tem
porarily delayed by legal proceedings.
It was proposed to begin work imme
diately, but one of the tenants of the
structure now on the premises refuses
to move and a suit for eviction will be
commenced by the bank to-day.
The building now on the premises is
a three-story structure and the base
ment is occupied by a saloon known as
"Faust Hall.'* This saloon was leased
one year ago from the bank by the
San Francisco Breweries (Ltd.) and it
is over the terms of the lease that the
dispute has arisen. The lease calls for
three years and the brewery people re
fuse to move until that time has ex
pired. The banking people admit that
the lease was written for three years,
but they also aver that a specification
was made that the tenants could be
evicted at the end of one year should
they desire to improve the property.
Soon after the lease was made the
bank made preparation for the erection
of a twelve-story office building and
notified the tenants that they would
have to move by the first of the year.
This request met with no objection
except from the brewing company and
the building, with the exception of the
basement, was unoccupied and ready
for destruction before December L
The bank, which had been doing busi
ness on the first floor for the past thir
ty-five years, moved to 626 Market
street and the other tenants scattered
elsewhere. But the holders of the
lease for "Faust Hall" remain obdu
rate and the legal contest will begin
with the suit to evict them, which will
be brought this morning.
Attorney William Barnes for Bauer
RUBBER STOCK
SALE OPPOSED
Application of West Coasi
Company's Assignee Is De
feated by Chief Creditor
FREDRICKS IS OBJECTOR
Former President Says That
He Has No Confidence in
the Man Now in Control
The application of Don A. Sutherland,
assignee of the West Coast Rubber
Company, for permission to sell the
$40,000 stock of the concern in parcels
at private sale did not meet with Judge
Troutt'B approbation yesterday and,
though stating that he would not make
a final decision until the opposing sides
had been given a chance to reach an
agreement, the court said that the ap
plication was altogether too broad.
Attorney T. C. Van Ness, represent
ing George Fredrlcks. former presi
dent of the company and its heaviest
creditor, opposed the application and
demanded that no sale should be made
until Fredrlcks had been notified and
given a chance to object. He said that
Fredricks had no confidence in the as
signee nor in the persons who procured
his appointment, chiefly Bennett, Good
all & Co. He even declared that Suth
erland was incompetent to handle the
stock satisfactorily, and intimated that
through the medium of a third party a
sale of the goods might be effected at a
price below its real value, to the-detri
ment of Fredricks, who, besides having
the largest claim, was also in the posi
tion of a deficiency debtor.
Attorney Kellogg, representing the
assignee, took exceptions to Mr. Van
Ness' statements and declared that the
assignee was under heavy bonds and
was entitled to some confidence. He
declared further that Fredricks was not
entitled to as much consideration as
the other creditors because he had
started a suit against the company
which had precipitated the insolvency
proceedings.
Judge Troutt was of the opinion that
there should be some check put upon
the assignee in the disposition of the
stock, and that the objecting creditor
was entitled to protection. He advised
the attorneys for each side to get to
gether and agre: upon an order of sale
to be submitted to him later.
Tivoli Seat Sales Begin.
The sale of reserved seats for the
first week of the Tivoli season of
grand opera will open at the box office
of the theater at 9 o'clock this morn
ing. The prices will range from $2 to
50 cents. The entire company is now
en route from the City of Mexico and
will reach San Francisco in time to
hold a series of rehearsals on the
stage of the Tivoli before the opening
night, which is definitely set for
Wednesday evening, January 11. The
opening opera will be Verdi's "Rigo
letto," which will serve to introduce
Mme. Tettrazzini. It will be followed
by either "Zaza" or "La Tosca," in
which Mme. Berlindi will make her
debut. "The Barber of Seville" and
"Andre Chenier" will complete the
cycle of the first week's perform
ances. The season promises to be a
notable one in San Francisco's grand
opera annals. The Tivoli's great stage
is being put into condition to receive
the invading forces of grand opera
and the very atmosphere of the the
ater is surcharged with music.
* *
& Sachau, proprietors of Faust Hall,
says that in his opinion the intention
of the Savings Bank people is to "re
model," not to destroy and rebuild.
The leejpe reads that the bank must
"build. Messrs. Bauer & Sachau say
that they have never been properly no
tified, and that they have sixty days'
grace, therefore, under the law. The
complications are of a somewhat un
usual nature and the case Is a novel
one.
ROE ESTATE —The second account of the
administrators of the estate of George H. Roe,
filed yesterday shows receipts for the year
amounting to $67,319 75. of which 125,000 was
derived from the sale of shares in the Elec
trical Engineering Company. The expendi
tures aggregated $26.329.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Heat your
office at*
once
This weather causes pneu- I
monia, grippe, colds* etc. If
your stenographer, book
keeper or clerk gets sick, lays
off for one day, it loses more
money for you tha:i a dozen
heaters cost. Then, too, how
about yourself? Isn't your
own health of some value ?
We can warm any office,
store or house quickly
and economically with
GAS
Phone Exchange 6 for
our expert. Don't wait
to write. Quick action
our style.
THE QAS COMPANY
415 Post, St*.
visit DR. JORDAN'S oheat
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
CM loniuarjTW.tit.wsm.i.i'.oii.
_r Tm» Laifat I.Mliiltrt Mm— \m t*»
Woia Wntaom «r »T amtoU
/IB ipedalm tfc. Cont Ett-jtyetn.
IWwW I 00. JMOAII-O'OEaSEO Of MEN
f fSMMkI Coanltute n-M tod rtrlcny pHru*.
I _fWm Tn»n»«Bt peiwaally or b» letter A
f WWW Omrt in jt«ry c*j« undertmlten.
f I ■!■■■««>. MAILED FREE. < A
k X i«latMe be«k tt ran)
MRS. MONNIER
MAKES DENIAL
Says That Answers She Gave
in Annulment Suit Were
Unintentionally Wrong
GALLAND ON THE STAND
Swears Addition of Name to
Adoption Paper Was Owing
to Lack of Verification
Sullivan and Roche, the attorneys for
George Monnier, who is suing hia
mother for a share in the estate of his
father, the deceased wine merchant,
had their first opportunity to cross-ex
amine Mrs. Monnier Sr. yesterday, and
during the morning session in Judge
Graham's court elicited several denials
from her as to testimony given at tha
time of young Monnier's annulment
suit.
The break In Mrs. Monnier's testi
mony waa caused by the placing of
Jesse Galland, a deputy sheriff, on the
stand. Galland was studying law at
the time of George Monnier's adoption
and drew up the adoption papers.
Efforts were made by Sullivan and
Roche to cast suspicion on the regu
larity of the signing of the document,
but Galland was able to show that he
withheld the mother's signature from
the paper until he could verify the
spelling of the name. His cross-exam
ination will be continued this morning.
Mrs. Monnier spent a greater part of
the morning, under George D. Collins*
questions, denying the statements mad*
by the witnesses for the contestant as
to her use of vulgar language and ncr
treatment of George, his wife and
children. She said that she had shown
no partiality to either of George's
children, treated them both alike, and
often bought them clothing.
On the completion of Collins' examin
ation, Sullivan took the witness in
hand and attempted to shake her tes
timony as to the questions she an
swered In the suit brought by George
Monnier Jr. for the annulment of his
marriage with Violet. At that time she
alleged that George always had
stomach trouble and that she had
never seen him drunk.
During the present trial she testified
to the contrary and yesterday told
Sullivan that George had stomach
trouble only at intervals and that
when she said she had never seen him
drunk she meant at night time. She
said that she had often seen him in
toxicated during the day. The case will
be continued this morning at 10 o'clock.
AD V EKTISEMEXTS.
SICK HEADACHE
I 1 = —i Positively cured by
these Little Pills.
vA l \ ILI% 0 also reUeTe Dl3 
mmmm mtmmmm tress from Dyspepsia, In-
HITTLE digestion and Too Hearty
Eg |W P D Eating. A perfect rem
if Ln edy for Dizziness. Nausea,
■ PILL 3« Drowsiness. Bad Taste
!§jB__Jß 9 ln tte Moutll « Coated
Tongue, Pain ln the side,
.- ■■ I TORPID LIVER. They
regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALL POSE. SMALL PRICE
[CARTERSl CURE SICK HEADACMB *
Kittle Genuine Must Bear
■ IVER Fac-Simiie Signalurt
BjjL I
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Steamers of company, or
,or whicn il ls agent, leave
P'ere 9 and 11, San Fran
fS^m%9tm mm clsco:
I I VLVA I I Fcr Ketchikan. Wrangel.
1 \ VVVataam/ I Juneau. Treadwell, Haines.
YatV Skaguay, etc.. Alaska—!l a.
vXsjL m., Jan. 5. 10, 15, 20, 25, SO.
Feb. 4. Change to this com-
pany's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver, Port Townsend.
Seattle, Tacoma. Everett. South Belllngham,
Belling'bam—lt a. m., Jan. 5. 10. 15, 20, 25. JO.
Feb 4 Change at Seattle to this company *
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattl*
0.- Tacoma to M. P- Ry-; »t Vancouver to
C. P. Ry-
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
f z> m . Jan. 5, 11. 1". 23. 29. Feb. 4. Corona,
1:30 p m.. Jan. 2. 8. 14. 20. 26, Feb. 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angelea and
Bedondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon
' terey. San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo) Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Jan. 8. 14, 22, 30, Feb. 7.
Santa Cruz (freight only), 9 a. m.. Jan. 2,
10. 18. 26.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia.
Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each month
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing date-,
TICKET OFFICES—4 New Montgom
ery- st (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st., and Broad
way wharves. Freight Office, 10 Market st.
C. D DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st., San Franciaco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St., will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
i . —— « ———
AMERICAN LINE.
Plymouth—Cherbourg-—Southampton.
•Zeeland,Jan.l4,lo:3o a!St. Louis Jan 28
New York Jan. 21) Philadelphia Feb. 4
•Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LINE
New York —London Direct.
Minnehaha Jan. 14!Menominee Jan. 28
Manitou Jan. 21'Mlnnetonka Feb. 4
BED STAR LINE.
New York —Antwerp—London—Paris.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
' Finland Jan- 21|Kroonland Feb. 4
Vaderland Jan. 28'Zeeland ... Feb. 11
WHITE STAR LINE.
Hew York—Oueenstown —Liverpool.
MaJestic.Jan.lS. 10 amjTeutonic. Feb.B. 10 am
Baltic Feb. llOceanlc. Feb. 15. 2 pm
Boston—Oueenstown —Liverpool
Cymric 25| Winifredian .... Feb. 8
•TV YORK AND BOSTON DIRECT
To the Mediterranean
Via Azores. Gibraltar. Naples. Genoa.
Alexandria.
FROM NEW YORK.
REPUBLIC J»n- 14. noon: Feb. 25, noon
nnvTlC Feb. 4, noon; Mar. 18, noon
. FROM BOSTON.
ROMANIC ..Jan. 28, 3:30 p.m.: Mar. 11. 1 pm
CANOPIC Feb. 18. 8:30 a.m.
C D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post ST., San Francisco.
OCcflHlCS.atX.o*. HHMO M> I' 0""'
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney.'Thurs.. Jan. 12, 1905, 2 p. m.
S S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Jan. 21. 11 am
| S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Feb. 7, 11 a.m.
1. D.SPaECIELSkBIOS. CO,, ialS-.TlCartooo36l3ll:-
Itl ntlfll Office 327 Marlcet sl, Par 7, Pactfc \i
COMsUBKIB SBMERALK THANSATLASTIQOE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE PARIS. i _ tm +*k__
Sailing every Thursday instead of «gB
Saturday, at 10 a.m., from Pier 42. ■«■■■ ■
North River, foot of Morton at
First class to Havre. 170 and upward. Sec
ond class to Havre. $43 upward. GEN
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
I CANADA 32T Broadway (Hudson building).
New York J F FUGAZI St CO., Pacific Coast
I Agent! 5 Montgomery avenu-. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Tick-it Agents
I — -
Tor V. i. Navy Yard aad TaUejo.
6trs General Friable, Montlcfllo and Arrow
9:45 am.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m, C p.m.. B:3©
p.m.- Sundays. 9:45 a.m.. 12:30 noon. 6 pm_
830 p. m. Leave Vallejo. 7am . 9 a.m.. 12:8S
pm. 3:15 p.m. (*5:45 p.m. Saturday). 6 pm.
I Sundays 7 a.m.. 9 a.m., 3:20 p.m.. C p.m. Pier
2 foot Mission et.; phone Main 1508. HATCH
I BROS.
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL, COMMTTNICATIONS TO
JOHN McNAUGHT • ? Cana ' s:er
PtrBUCATTON OFFICB THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, SAN FRANCISCO
THURSDAY. ™ . ... . JANUARY 5. 1905
THE AFFAIRS OF STATE.
GOVERNOR PARDEE'S excellent message is a business doc- j
ument of great interest to all citizens. It is a disclosure of the |
rapid growth of California and the corresponding expansion
of its public business. The enlightened policy compelled by Governor j
Pardee two years ago has put the State's finances again in good
shape and has overcome the mistaken policy of making the tax levy
less than the appropriations.
To correct this error of the Legislature which preceded the
last has required a large levy and an increase in taxation, but this <
came at a time when the general prosperity of the people bore the |
exaction without appreciable injury. During the last two years the j
State has expended in betterments to the public property the large
sum of $793,943 46. As these betterments were mostly enlargements :
of facilities to accommodate the increasing number of objects of the
State's care, they show a notable increase in our population, out of I
which issue the "classes that must have care or restraint, as well as
that more significant and valuable class that must be provided with
the means of education.
The large amount of tax collections for State revenue, now by |
law compelled to be kept in the State vaults, is a perceptible with- j
drawal of money from circulation and affects business unfavorably
by causing a stringency in the money market. The Governor wisely 1
and forcibly recommends that this policy of hoarding be abandoned
and that the State funds be returned at once to circulation by de- 1
positing them in banks at interest and on proper security. He says
that the amounts now hoarded uselessly to the State and injuriously
to business run from $2,000,000 to $7,000,000, and have averaged for
the last five years $4,000,000. This average at 2 per cent interest j
would return to the State the large sum of $80,000 annual interest, j
That sum would support one of the State institutions, or it might |
be added as an annual accretion to the endowment of our very needy j
State University. The Governor admits that an amendment to the
constitution is necessary to effect this most necessary reform, but
he makes it plain and convincing that whatever measure is necessary
should be taken, and at once, by this Legislature.
Due to the efforts of The Call the last Legislature changed the j
methods of investment of the school funds of the State. The ex- ;
pensive intermediation of brokers was abolished and the Board of
Examiners were empowered to bid directly for bonds, without show
ing a certified check. The message says the effect is noticeable in a 1
closer and better investment of the school fund and an increase in
the rate of interest. The Governor strongly supports the State
militia and deprecates the policy of certain citizens and organizations
that oppose it and seek to put industrial disabilities upon members
of the National Guard.
The message strongly supports our common school system and i
points to the gratifying fact that about one-half of the State revenue
goes to its support. This is something that should appeal to the
pride of all Californians. Education is a restraint upon crime and
misfortune, and the more general it becomes the less will be the cost
of the punitive and eleemosynary institutions. Money spent in the
schools is the wisest of public economy, and the whole State will j
appreciate and remember the Governor's good words for this great- j
est of American institutions.
The State will be glad to see that a considerable portion of the :
message is occupied by a most clear and convincing statement of the
need of tax reform. This is in line with Governor Pardee's inaugural |
and with the policy advocated by the State Grange and supported j
by The Call. The message proposes separation of the assessment
and taxation for support of the State government from the system j
of local revenue entirely. The history of taxation in this State ; s
traced through the old constitution and court decisions, and through
the debates in the convention of 1879. The Governor quotes the
late Samuel M. Wilson, a delegate to the convention that made the
present fundamental law. Opposing the rigidity of the present con
stitutional requirement. Mr. Wilson said: "My individual opinion
is that the constitution should only prescribe that all real estate and
all tangible property should be taxed, and that such taxation shall
be according to value, and that the Legislature shall have, tjeyond
that, the power and discretion of imposing any other tax it may
see fit except a capitation tax. Then the Legislature, in its discre- .
tion, could exact a stamp tax. a tax upon incomes, or a tax upon
anything else, according to the necessities of the State at the time.
That would b£ justice to all and would be more elastic—in a bette«"
condition and more in accordance with the general principles in all
the States of the Union. Jt is not necessary to equal and uniform
taxation that it should be universal."'
The Governor regrets that this wise advice was not taken by '•
the convention, and expresses the general belief now existing, that
the time has come to follow it. and by a more elastic system permit
the State to derive its revenues by indirect taxation, selecting there
for those objects that are not subject to local levy. The makers of the
present constitution sought especially to increase the taxation of
personal prpperty. and therefore indulged in specific definitions of
personal property. B, ut the message says that the results have .
proved disappointing. The last year under the old constitution, the !
personal property taxed was 20 per cent of the whole. It has now
permanently declined to 15 per cent of the whole assessed valuation
of the State.
The elusive capacity of that form of property has enabled !
evasion of the purpose of the constitution. There must beWeform,
and now. By turning over to the State for 'its sole taxation the
forms in which personal property is corporately manifest, and sup- j
porting the State government whoJly by taxation of franchises, li- |
censes and other privileged uses of personal property, each county
and municipality will control its own levy, and not be subject to the
equalization of its assessment to meet the necessities of the State.
The Governor has made the subject and the necessity so clear that
the Legislature cannot well avoid taking action now.
The message is throughout a most satisfactory statement of the
condition of the public interests of the State, and puts the Legisla- j
ture under trustworthy guidance and advice.
THE CALL has nothing to add to its insistence that the United
States Senator should be accorded to Southern California. Every
reason derived from natural politics supports this view of the
matter, and no one has antagonized its propriety. The material
welfare and political peace of the State will be advanced by that
policy. It is right and it is expedient. To insist upon it detracts \
nothing from the candidates of the north. Their aspiration is hon- j
orable and their patriotism will ease the waiting period that must i
needs pass before its; realization. The Republican party is so strong j
in the Legislature and the State that it can afford to do right and be j
just. No party weak or strong can afford to do otherwise, but the j
party is subject to a peculiar call to duty, which we are persuaded it
will heed.
The geographical allotment of the office of Senator is not all
that it should do. California has submerged all past records under
its enormous majority for President Roosevelt. It did this not as f
the expression of a passing fancy, and not altogether as an assertion i
of party strength, and in it there is no idle meaning. California in-!
dorsed the President because the perJple believe in him and desire
the support of his policies. They did this in the full knowledge of
what he stands for, open-eyed to his great purpose to use his four
years of authority in the solution of those problems of commerce and
transportation from which others have flinched. His message cleared
the air and invited the co-operation of the people in effecting re
forms of which all will be the beneficiaries. We say all advisedly
and meaningly, for those who have made these reforms necessary
will benefit from them as much as the people in whose behalf they
are to be made.
This State is peculiarly interested in the issues made by } the
THE SENATORSHIP.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, JANUARY 5. 1905.
IN THE MAID OF
HONOR'S CARRIAGE
THE young man entered the car
riage, banged the door shut and
settled himself comfortably with
a sigh of relief. Opposite him
| sat a pensive young woman ln a be
! wildering gown of fluffy white. The
i young man removed his high hat and
mopped his perspiring brow. He ad
justed his tie and brushed the dust
; from his coat sleeve. The carriage
i rattled briskly over the pavements;
1 outside the early afternoon sunshine
| flooded the streets with a mellow glow.
; "Well," said the . young man,
i straightening himself and smiling at
; the girl, "another good man gone
! wrong. Every time I assist at the
j weddings of these reckless youths I
I feel somehow like an executioner."
| "We're getting to be arch-conspira
| tors in the wedding line, aren't we?"
I the girl laughed. "It seems of late
j that we are thrown together at every
1 one.
"Let's see," he mused, "this is the
third so far this month. We're ac
cumulating a great weight of responsi
i bility."
| "All my friends seem to be going in
j for matrimony," she said.
"Mine, too," he returned cheerfully.
I "Hymen is an indiscriminate old
burglar. He gobbles 'em right and
j left. And when a man's married he's
!as good as lost to his friends—at first,"
he added.
"But they all come back to the
| club and —and the old life, don't
| tbey?" she said testily.
"Most of them," he admitted.
I "That's the man of it," she said.
"Marriage is a lottery," he said,
lacking momentarily a more original
I " 'Pleasant the snaffles of courtship,
improving the manners and car
riage.' " she quoted.
\ " 'But the colt who is wise will re
frain from the terrible thornbit of
marriage,' " he finished.
"There seems to be a great many
colts lacking wisdom," she remarked.
"And lots more willing to lack that
I commodity." he laughed.
"Doesn't a wedding ever impress
you as rather pathetic?" she asked.
"Always," he replied. "Often heart
rending."
"Well, mine shan't be," she said,
j "It shall be very, very cheerful."
"That's the kind I should prefer for
' myself," he acquiesced.
THE DIVINE PASSION
MAY BURN OR BLESS
BY DOROTHY FENIMORE,
| HAVE been asked by a reader if I
I think that love causes mortals
I more pain than joy, and if it is
■ an unsatisfied longing, like the
dream of happiness.
Love, answer I, is like a light in the
darkness. It burns or it blesses.
The moths who rush into the candle
light find it a scorching flame. To the
shipwrecked man at sea a beacon
means salvation. To the student a light
at night is opportunity, and to the
world at large it is suggestive of home
and fireside happiness.
So, too, with love. Headlong folly in
love results in disaster. Yet love is
hope to the discouraged, faith to the
skeptical, and to the lonely heart it is
the golden key to home.
There are two ways of judging love
—by what men say of it. and by what
you yourself find to be true. Both
these ways are full of prejudice. Take
the latter, for instance. If you have
played the moth you know love as a
flame. If love came to you in the hour
of your despair, you reverence it as a
messenger from heaven. If it has
opened up for you a new world of
poetry and beautiful reality, you will
care for tt as thoughtfully as the wise
virgins of the scriptures tended their
precious lamps. If love meant for you
a sweet companionship, for which, in
the solitude of your secret life you
had eagerly sighed, then you are sure
President. During all of his term as the successor of President Mc-
Kinley he has made plain his purpose in seeking election to a full
term. He is not a ntan of concealments, and does nothing hidden.
This State approves of his purpose to destroy the artificial inequali
ties which are the outgrowth of our enormous progress in production,
commerce and transportation. Reasonable men who are a part of
this artificial incubus upon the individual see the necessity for its
abolition, and will hail it as relief from a burden. In this situation
California should follow her impressive indorsement of the President
by strengthening his hands in the Senate.
We make no insinuation and raise no outcry against any cor
poration, nor against the interests of any capital. We bring no
charge against any influence that may seem apparent in the Sena
torial contest at Sacramento. We are willing to accept all indica
tions that corporations, looking across the conservative prospect pre
sented by the President's views, to that chaos which lies beyond, are
willing to enter into that co-operation to which he invites them. But
we wish to very soberly remind the members of the Legislature that
their public and party duty requires of them the election of a Senator
who will support the President. What they do will go to judgment
upon that proposition. A house cannot stand divided against itself.
The people put the Republican party in power in this State that it
might make good as the powerful supporter of popular rights. If
the Legislature seem to fail to make good in the election of a Senator
no seer is required to foretell the result.
The geographical requirements of the situation, and the strength
ening of the President are consistent with each other. They can
be accomplished at one stroke, and when accomplished the Legisla
tive hand will have written "perpetuity" over the career of the party
as far as it can be inscribed upon anything human.
To do otherwise will be to reach a lame and pitiful conclusion.
To indorse the President at the polls and repudiate him in the Leg
islature will require no explanation. It will be self-explanatory. This
issue is alive in every Republican Legislature that has to elect a
Senator. So far there is in none of them a sign that the party will
throw itself out of line with the President. The party everywhere
seems to be girding itself to make the contest to which he has called
it. Scarcely a note of dissent is heard from the party press. All these
things have keyed up the expectation of the country. Let not Cali
fornia be the first to disappoint it. ,
BY CHARLES GRAVES.
"The service should be short." she
said.
"Just long enough to be legal," he
agreed cheerfully.
"And it would be a very quiet af
fair—Just a few friends, the cheerful
kind, not the weepy sort."
"Second the motion," said he.
She looked up quickly, then turned
her eyes and watched the hurrying
crowds on the sidewalks.
"At high noon, and at the house."
"You—you haven't railed at
this imaginary one," she said.
* "
she mused. "The church is too big
and gloomy and solemn. Surely at
the house—nnd for decorations a few
simple orchids."
"It's amazing how you voice my
sentiments." said he.
The carriage swung around a cor
ner and entered a more quiet street.
The young man flicked an imaginary
bit of dust from his coal.
"That would be a wedding." he said.
"You'd have an orchestra behind some
to cherish it as tenderly aa did King
Arthur's knight. Geraint. the beloved
lady of his heart, ever seeking
"To compass her with sweet obser
vances.
To dress her beautifully, and keep her
true."
As I look upon it. youth, with its
leaping impulses, its moods of gayety
as light as thistledown, cannot know
the whole—or even a half —of the
truth about love. A wise and clear
sighted old age is better qualified.
Every day, like bees, we mortals
bring our drops -it honey to the gold
en treasure house of nature's life.
Like them again, we cannot in a sea
son's toil gather more.ieach one of us,
than a sirißlp teaspoonful. And what
we bring is fragrant of our daily pas
turage. Some of it is sweet with clo
ver and some of it is delicately sharp
with thyme. Part is pale hued like
the flowers from which it was gath
ered and part of it is yellow with the
pollen of the goldenrod.
Let us look at love in yet another
way. It enriches all which it touches
with its Midas fingers. In youth we
are eager to follow love into its cave
of enchantments for the same reason
that in childhood we would like to go
on and on to the spot where the rain
bow touches the earth. It is treasure
we are after, it is all the wonderful
wealth of illusion. When we get older
palms on the broad stairs, wouldn't
you ?"
I'Yes, a string orchestra," she re
plied.
"Of course, of course—a string or
chestra," said he.
"And a Jolly, informal wedding
breakfast, and punch," she went on.
"That's the idea!" he said approv
ingly.
And every one who wept should be
fined five dollars," she said.
"Make it ten," he suggested. "Or
thirty days in the House of Correc
tion. The crime would warrant It"
She laughed gayly.
"It wouldn't be a somber affair, I'll
warrant you," she asserted.
"I'll bet it wouldn't," he said en
thusiastically.
He mopped his brow nervously and
looked covertly at the girl opposite
him. Her eyes were still turned from
him.
"I'd like to try a wedding of that
sort," he said.
"There wouldn't be any ushers," she
remarked pointedly.
"Certainly riot." he said. "I fully
realize that. I'd like to try it as—as
bridegroom."
"Why don't you?" she asked faintly.
"Well, I would if I were sure of the
girl," he said. "You see " He
paused.
"I'm afraid I don't see," she said
laughingly.
"You sec, there's only one girl I
want, and I don't dare ask her," he
said plaintively.
"Indeed!"' she said coldly.
"There's only one girl I want," he
repeated desperately, "and she's the
one who has heard me rail at wed
dings from time immemorial. I'm
afraid she would'nt believe I was
serious."
The girl's face grew very red.
"You —you haven't railed at this
imaginary one," she said without turn
ing her eyes.
In an instant he was on the seat be
side her.
"Then she will marry me?" he asked
softly.
The girl pressed her hot face against
the window of the carriage.
"You said you thought marriage
was a—a lottery." she faltered.
"Well," he said stoutly. "who
wouldn't risk a lottery chance if he
knew he would draw the capital
prize?"
(Copyright, 1904, by T. C. McClure.)
we know in the one ease that love
costs us all that it gives us and in the
other experience warns that, even
were the old nursery story true, were
a pot of gold waiting at the foot of the
rainbow's arch for him who has cour
age to seek it, the journey thither
would be long and painful, in spite of
the new and pleasant meadows along
the road which would open to our
view.
"T-here is nothing in love but what
we imagine." says Sainte Beuve. But
I would put it differently: There is
everything in love that we imagine.
"Love." writes Longfellow, "is very
busy with his shuttie. is ever weaving
into life's warp bright gorgeous flow
ers and scenes arcadian."
J. j.
JUST SMILES
DEPENDS.
i
He —Do you believe all the disagree- ,
able things you hear?
She —It depends upon whom they're
about.
THE CHANGEABLE BLOXDES.
E. Z. Mark—What color is Miss De
Style's hair?
Miss Caustique—l don't know. I
haven't seen her for a week.
BLACK AXD TAX.
THE SMART SET
A dance for three of this season's
charming debutantes was given last
evening by Mr. and Mrs. William G.
Irwin at their home, Washington and
Laguna streets. The favored guests
were Miss Margaret Hyde-Smith, Miss
Charlotte Wilßon and Miss Anita Har
vey. The beautiful house was luxu
riant in flowers and plant?, the ball
room almost like a huge bower with
its profusion of greens and poinsettias.
Each year many of the season's buds
are given delightful hospitality by Mr.
and Mrs. Irwin, who have the pleasure
and happiness of young people very
much at heart. This affair was even
more brilliant than its predecessors, the
gay assembly one of beauty and vivac
ity. Those Invited were Miss Marga
ret Hyde-Smith, Miss Charlotte Wil
son, Miss Anita Harvey, Miss Gertrude
Jolliffe, Miss Malaie Langhorne. Miss
Natalie Coffin, Miss Dorothy Eells,
Miss Genevieve King, Miss Elsie Tal
lant. Miss Alys Sullivan. Miss Eliza
Kline, Miss Marie Parrott, Miss Edith
Berry, Miss Marjorie Josselyn, Miss
Carol Moore, Miss Josephine Loughbor
ough, Miss Ethyl Hager, Miss Helen
Chesebrough, Miss Hazel King, Miss
Isabel Kittle, Miss Florence Howard,
Miss Florence Whlttell, Mrs. Allen,
Miss Frances Allen, Knox Allen, Dv
Val Moore, John Kittle, Frank King,
Russell Kline, Beverly Tucker, Harry
Simpkins, Covington Pringle, Truxton
Morris, Will Collier, Robert Eyre,
Douglas Mac Arthur, Page Collier, Ar
thur Foster, Templeton Crocker, J. O.
Tobin, Aimer Newhall, George Cadwal
lader, E. M. Greenway, Robert Schil
ling, Percy King. Lieutenant Sypher,
Mason Terry, Lloyd Baldwin, Raymond
Armsby, Prescott Scott, Mr. Rolerson,
Mr. Howard, Mr. McKinstry, Mr. Ham
ilton, George T. Freeborn of Paris.
Duane Hopkins of Boston, Geoffrey
Dodge of New York: W. S. Cushing and
C. J. Copman of Simsbury, Conn.; C.
A. Munn and Burrell R. Huff of Wash
ington.
• • •
The Century Club held a reception
yesterday in honor of Miss Evelyn Al
mond Withrow. The return of this
artist recently from Europe has
brought the high commendation of
many of the best critics upon the work
she is showing. The auditorium of the
club held many pictures and some
copies of the old masters, the latter
showing greatest skill in the art of
reproduction. Miss Withrow is herself
a charming picture, looking yesterday
like a Rembrandt in rich gray bro
cade with old point.
* * •
Miss Taylor invited a dozen
guests to meet Miss Paula Wolff yes
terday at luncheon.
•'".>•'•
Another clever girl engaged. Yes
terday at a tea given by Miss Elsie
Dorr the announcement was made by
the fair young hostess of her betrothal
to Lieutenant Claude Ernest Brlgham,
Artillery Corps, U. S. A. A shower
of good wishes immediately over
whelmed this maid, who is bright and
attractive, having made a warm im
press ipn upon her associates since her
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
A chic little frock of blue veiiing, trimmed with white satin,
yoke cuffs and belt. Dark blue braid, with touches of gilt,
effects a pretty finish by being run on yoke, sleeves and belt.
An Unfair Advantage.
He—You say you like a manly man.
What is your idea of a manly man?
She—Well, for instance, one who does
not stay and stay and stay Just because
he knows the girl isn't strong enough
to throw him out—New Yorker.
Plight of English Bank Clerks.
The bank clerks of England are plan
ning the formation of a union in order
to secure an increase of wages. They
say the present wages virtually con
demn the clerks to "celibacy, lodgings
and sixpenny lunches" for life.
BY SALLY SHARP.
enlistment in society last winter.
Miss Dorr is the daughter of Dr. and
Mrs. Louis Dorr and a cousin of Miss
Margery Gibbons. Lieutenant Brig
ham has been at the Presidio since hi<=
graduation two years ago from th»
Wisconsin Military Academy. The
wedding is not definite.
On Monday, after dining con
genially, a merry assembly passed
a delightful evening in the studio of
Mr. and Mrs. Jules Mersfelder. There
the New Year greetings were ex
changed and conversation waxed elo
quent upon the various branches of
art, Robert Aitkin very materially
adding to the pleasure by relating hia
late European experiences and the ad
vantages derived from his trip. In
the party were Robert Aitkin, Xavier
Martinez, Porter Garnett, Mr. Rtx
ford, Miss Wishard, Miss Toby, Mr.
Neilson, Mr. Wright, Charles Aiken,
Mr. and Mrs. Mersfelder.
The ballroom of the Palace will be
the scene of an affair somewhat out
of the ordinary on January 16. A
cafe chantant will exist from the
hours of 9 to 12, under the patron
age of our best known and most char
itably inclined women. The Tele
graph Hill Neighborhood Association
requiring a benefit, this means has
been taken to secure attention and as
sistance. A musical programme is to
be offered, participated in by people
of prominence, whose names are with
held for the surprise that is to follow.
Tables may be reserved by communi
cating with Miss Lillie Maynard, 2845
Fillmore street. The attendants for
this occasion have been chosen from
society's realm, their services enhanc
ing the interest and pleasure that will
ensue from these novel arrangements.
Mrs. W. H. Crocker. Mrs. William G.
Irwin. Mrs. Henry T. Scott, Mrs. Hor
ace Hill, Mrs. Ralph Harrison, Mrs.
Carter Pitkin Pomeroy, Mra. William
Bourn, Mrs. Edward Eyre, Mrs.
Charles Eells, Mrs. H. Bothin, Mrs.
Chauncey Winslow. Miss Maynard and
Miss Carolan are the patronesses.
Laurel Hall Club will hold a recep
tion in the clubrooms, 1620 California
street, on the evening of January 18-
Miss Katherins Glass Is visiting at
Mare Island and will soon go to
Southern California.
R. B. Young, who was best man at
the Young-Voorhies wedding. Is in
Southern California en route for Bos
ton.
Mrs. Dixon entertained at luncheon
in the cafe of the Hotel St. Francis
yesterday, the guest of honor being
Mme. Johanna Gadski. The table
was very prettily decorated and the
place cards most effective. The ladies
asked to meet Mme. Gadski were Mrs.
Eleanor Martin. Mrs. Alfred Hunter
Voorhies, Mrs. Henry Foster Dutton.
Mrs. Robert M. Greer, Mrs. A. B. Cos
tigan, Miss Ruth McNutt, Miss Marks.
Miss Russell, Miss Brockman, Mrs.
Jarboe, Miss Hendy and Mrs. Rich
ard Bayne.
Ceylon Elephant Follows Buffalo.
The elephant of Ceylon Is going the
way of the American buffalo. It is
estimated that only 2000 elephants are
left on that island.
TownsencTs California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 716 Market at.*
This week best gold eyeglasses, speca.
20c to 50c (sold in store $8-14), at 7» 4th
front of celebrated Oyster Restaurant. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Aliens), 80 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1043. •PAY TRIBUTES
TO GREAT MEN
More Suggestions Are Made
to Guide in Choice of
.. Two Types for Statues
rOLEMAN AGAIN NAMED
Jirnipero Serra Has Strong
Hold Upon Favor of the
Active Workers in City
Prominent San Francisco men yes
terday furnished additional indica
tions of the drift of public opinion re
garding the selection of eminent Cali
fornians to be commemorated at the
National Capitol by statues of marble
and bronze, the State being entitled to
erect two such statues.
Spencer C. Buckbee said William
T. Coleman deserved well of the
btate when it was deciding whom to
honor. Coleman twice headed the
Vigilance Committee. He was a man
•ut broad views and great enterprise.
His courage was conspicuous and his
services were of inestimable value at
a time when resolute leadership was
indispensable. He represented a cer
tain era. Californians were particu
larly interested in perpetuating the
memories of deeds of men who have
lived in the State since the American
occupation. For this reason Mr.
Buckbee said that the selection should
include oniy men who have partici
pated in California affairs since the
date of that occupation. Mr. Buck
bee's second choice was the Rev.
Thomas Starr King.
.. . Oscar F. Sites, manager of the
Palace Hardware Company, strongly
.favored giving a statue to Padre Ju
nipero Serra, whom he estimated to
have been a very great man and po
tential in the history of California.
•Mr. Sites also said William T. Cole
man was deserving of fame.
W. H. Mills said that Collis P. Hun
tington did more for California in a
material, way than any other man, and
he therefore favored Huntington.
Professor Joseph Le Conte, Mr. Mills
said, was better known to the world
.at large, by reason of his scientific
achievements, than any other Califor
nian. It was due to Huntington that
the first transcontinental railway was
'constructed. He raised the money.
It followed as a consequence that the
United States should in time become
a larsre factor in the commerce of
the Orient. Huntington's great ser
vice to California was that he merged
the State with the other parts of the
country. Before the railway was
built California was principally a
mining State. Wheat was exported,
but other products were grown prin
ipally to supply the mines. The rail
way alone opened up a way to reach
markets. Huntington and Le Conte
were Mr. Mills' selections.
•Vttorney William Thomas named
Padre Junipero Serra and the Rev.
Thomas Starr King, and said that
were both representative of im
portant periods and connected with
important happenings in the history
of California. He favored them as
subjects for statues.
NORTH SHORE ENJOINS
WORK OF ITS COMPETITOR
New Petaluma Road Restrained From
Ruilding Crossings Over Track
Pending Trial of Stut.
A temporary order was obtained
from Judge Seawell yesterday by the
California and Northwestern Railway
snd San Francisco and North Shore
Railway companies restraining the
Petaluma and Santa Rosa Company
from forcibly building one or more
crossings over the plaintiffs' tracks
in Sonoma County. It is related that
the defendant company has com
menced condemnation proceedings
to legally secure crossings for
its roads and this suit is now
pending, but for several weeks, by
use of threats and exhibition of force,
the defendant company has sought to
build the crossings without permis
sion and will succeed unless re
strained. An order to show cause why
the injunction should not be granted
was made returnable January 20.
CRUEL DRIVERS ARRESTED. — Harry Sul
I %an and C. Frahm were arrested yesterday
by Policemen McCurrie and Inger of the So
e fly tir the Prevention of Cruelty to Anl
for driving lame and crippled horses.
GRAPE-NUTS.
THE POST DISCOVERY.
A H« \olatipn in Human Food.
Prey . p tn the discovery of the Post j
process cf ( hanging the starchy part of
Wheat arid Barley into a form of su- j
■ gar, many people suffered from what is i
known as starch indigestion.
That \\a.< shown by gas and all sotSs j
of stomach and bowel trouble (some
times ending in appendicitis) brought]
on by the undigested starch in wheal,
oats, white bread, cake, puddings, etc.
Nature ultimately punishes any one
vho continually takes some medic me
or drug to smooth ..ver or nulllfv bad
conditions of the body. The only safe
way to cure such is to correct or re- j
move the cause. Therefore it was plain
to Mr. Post, in working out his dis- !
covery, that people who show some ;
weakness in digesting the starchy part I
of food (which is mu> h the largest
part of all we eat) must be helped
by having the starch digested or trans
. formed before being eaten. And of
course the safest and truest way to do j
' this would be to imitate nature and
avoid all chemicals or outside and un
'.natural things. The body digests the
starchy food by the following process:
First it is mixed with the moisture or
'juices of the mouth and stomach, then
warmth or mild heat from the body
grows or deveiops disease from the
grain. Time is also an important tie
lent and when all work together and
"h- human organs operate properly
Starch is slowly turned into a form
• f sugar, as it must be before the blood
•will absorb it, and carry the needed
! <-rgy to different parts of the body.
'»f course if the body fails* to do its
work perfectly trouble sets in.
So tn the making of the famous food,
'i rape-Nuts, moisture, warmth and
time are the only things used to turn
starch into sugar, thus imitating na
me and keeping the human food ln
rlginal purity, free from outside
Things and Just as Mother Nature In
tends it shall be kept for advantage
ous use by her children. The food is
fully cooked at the factories, and is
crisp and delicious with a little thick
( ream poured over.
It can be softened for people with
weak teeth, but is most valuable to
others when it must be energetically
chewed, thus bringing down the saliva
from the gums to go to the stomach
. and help digest the entire meal, be
sides the use of the teeth strengthens
and preserves them. Nature blesses
the parts of the body that are used and
nr, t abused. Grape-Nuts food brings
P p ace, health and comfort when peo
r> are in despair from the alls re
■tilting from undigested food.
SALAMMBO WILL
BE BEAUTIFUL
AT COLUMBIA
CLEVER APTEESS WHO WILL, AP
PEAR NEXT WEEK AT THE
COLUMBIA IN - SALAMMBO."
Among the more elaborate produc
tions of the present season will be
"Salammbo," which will be presented
here at the Columbia Theater on Mon
day evening by Frederick Warde and
Kathryn Kidder. From several stand
points it promises to be one of the
mtst interesting events of the present
season. Its stage pictures and cos
tumes will represent scenes and man
ners of dress absolutely unfamiliar and
the dramatic action will be accom
panied by a melodious musical score,
composed by Henry K. Hadley, neces
sitating an augmented orchestra. The
play Is laid in ancient Carthage at a
time when the proud city was harassed
by threats of Rome on one nand and
the rebellion of its own mercenary
armies on the other.
Owing to the engagement being
limited to one week only, there will be
matinees on Wednesday and Saturday
of next week.
COURT DECIDES
AGAINST SCOTT
The final chapter of the once noted
Sheehan-Scott case closed yesterday,
when the Supreme Court decided that
the plaintiff, Edward L Sheehan, was
entitled to the office of Tax Collector
of this city and county. But as the
term of office has expired more than
three years ago, Sheehan will receive
no other satisfaction than that of se
curing a Judgment over Scott.
J. H. Scott was elected Tax Collec
tor on November 7, 1599. Sheehan held
the office and claimed Scott had no
right to it. Sheehan made an attempt
to keep Scott from entering upon his
duties. He tried every means and all
but resorted to violence, in the mean
time bringing suit in the Superior
Court.
Sheehan alleged that Scott was not
entitled to the office on the ground
that he had not been a resident of the
city and county for a period of five
years as provided in the charter. Scott
fought the case bitterly and many
months after the suit was brought
judgment was rendered in favor of
Sheehan by Superior Judge Seawell.
In the meantime. Scott managed to
hold the office, although Sheehan did
everything possible to oust him. When
Judge Seawell decided in Sheehan's
favor, Scott appealed the case to the
Supreme Court. By this time the
office had nearly expired, but through
influence and technicalities Scott still
retained his position.
Now the Supreme Court comes forth
and sustains the verdict handed down
by Judge Seawell. In the meantime
two other Tax Collectors have held
office since and both Sheehan and
Scott are practically dead politi
cally. Scott was elected to the office,
served out his term and drew down
his salary regularly. Sheehan con
tested the case, got a verdict in two
courts, but never drew a cent of salary
nor had the pleasure of ousting his
opponent.
Inasmuch as the Supreme Court haa
decided that a man who does the work
gets the salary. Sheehan is not entitled
to anything under the law. Still, two
; courts have ruled that the office is
, rightfully his, but now that other
i parties are in control and other elec
tions have been held, Sheehan must
be satisfied with the honor of securing
| two Judicial victories.
Claimants for Bail Money.
John J. Barrett, in a complaint in
Interpleader, has asked the court to
determine the ownership of a portion
of the ball money put up for the re
lease of Edwin E. Stoddard before he
was sentenced to eighteen months'
imprisonment for embezzlement. Of
the $1000 W. F. Hunt put up $600, F.
D. Spaulding $200 and Joseph Seeley
$300. Barrett has paid out $460 on
order of the owners and retains $$50
belonging to Hunt and $200 belonging
to Spaulding. which the depositors
have demanded, but the paymnt was
stopped by P. B. Bekeart on an at
tachment for a claim against Stod
dard. Barrett has no Interest in the
money and wants to deposit it ln
court.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, * JANUARY 5, 1905.
LOWE'S MEMORY
IS DEFECTIVE
Witness in Dunsmuir Case
Cannot Remember WTien
Questioned by Judge Coyne
FILE NOTICE OF MOTION
Mrs. Hopper's Attorneys, in
Formal Document, Bring
Case to Superior Court
"I don't remember" waa the answer
given to nearly every question of im
portance put to J. A. 8. Lowe by Judge
j Coyne during the taking of testimony
;in the Dunsmuir case yesterday morn
ing. On some points the witness
j would answer positively "Yes" or
! "No," but on the majority of questions
! put to him his mind was a blank.
James Peter Taylor, also a witness
to the will, was before the commission
; yesterday. His testimony was greatly
!at variance with that given by Lowe
lon Tuesday. A mild sensation was
sprung when Sir Charles H. Tupper pro
j duced before the commission a floor
plan diagram of the Agnew residence
| ln Oakland, where the will was signed.
Lowe was the first witness called
i yesterday. Judge Coyne took him in
; hand and put up a vigorous cross-ex
! amlnation. Lowe was non-committal.
:He took refuge in the statement "I
, don't remember" to nearly every ques
i tion asked him. The question of com
; pensatlon for his services was brought
|up for bis trip from England here. He
, said he had not been promised any
: specific sum, but he thought $20 a day
would be what his services were worth,
and he thought c.:i»* representatives of
James Dunsmuir would pay him this
amount.
LOWE'S MEMORY.
Judge Coyne asked Lowe concerning
a certain letter that he (Lowe) had
! shown to Mr. Avery on the Sausaiito
j boat last Saturday morning. Lowe
could not remember anything about the
letter. After a terrific hammering from
Judge Coyne, Lowe was compelled to
admit that he had the letter referred
to, but could not remember anything
more about it. He further admitted
that the letter was from his wife, but
he positively declined to give its con
tents. He also said that he could not
remember having discussed the ques
tion of seeing an attorney to coach him
in the case. Finally Judge Coyne, in a
j fit of desperation, said: "Is there any
; thing you do remember?" "Yes,"
j Lowe replied, "I remember that I had
breakfast this morning." "Now Vr.
'. Lowe," said Judge Coyne, "do you re
i member going to the office of Mr.
: Thorne this morning at 10 o'clock?"
"Yes," said Lowe.
"What happened there?" queried
Judge Coyne.
L "I don't remember," replied Lowe.
"Do you pretend to tell me, sitting
here under oath before this commis
sion, that you do not know what hap
pened in Mr. Thome's office this morn
ing only about twenty minutes ago?"
"I don't remember," was Lowe's re
ply.
! "And I suppose that this testimony
you are giving now is as true as all the
rest of the testimony you have given
before this commission?" asked Judge
Coyne. "Yes," replied Lowe. This
wound up the morning session.
James Peter Taylor, a prominent coal
merchant, testified to the same effect
as he did during the trial of the case In
Victoria, B. C.
Kis statements regarding the doings
and movements of James and Alexan
der Dunsmuir, Lowe and himself, on
the night of the signing of Alexander's
< will, were entirely different from the
, statements made by Lowe on Tues
day.
POINTS TO DIAGRAM.
Ti ylor pointed out with accuracy on
the diagram the position in the parlor
of the Agnew home where the docu
! ment was signed. He declined posi-
I lively and emphatically to make a
I mark on the diagram but he put his
j finger on the spot in question. In the
testimony of Lowe on Tuesday, from a
drawing made by himself, he indicated
an exact opposite position in the room.
Albert James Bain, the architect who
drew up the floor plan of the Agnew
home, testified to his visit to that place,
and went minutely into a description
of the premises.
The further hearing of testimony will
take place Saturday morning at 10:30.
Edna Wallace Hopper's attorneys,
Campbell, Metson & Campbell, yester
day formally liled the notice, which
they had served on <he attorneys for
James Dunsmuir of their intention to
move on January 6 for a revocation of
the judgment of May 9, 1900, admitting
the will of Alexander Dunsmuir to pro
bate and appointing James Dunsmuir
as executor. The motion is to be based
upon the grounds that the court did not
have jurisdiction of the suhject-matter
of the estate nor of the persons inter
ested. The affidavits of Sir Charles
Hibbert Tupper and Edward P. Coyne,
regarding the proceedings in British
Columbia, are attached to the notice.
The O'Connor-Moffatt Sale.
The big alteration sale inaugurated hy
i O'Connor, Moffatt & Co. incident to the
' enlargement of their store is proving an
immense success. This is the first sale
. of a special nature held by the firm stnee
its great fire sale in 1883. The premises
have been so crowded with bargain seek
ers since last Thursday that the services
of police officers have been called into
requisition to regulate the movements of
the crowds. Officers Douglass and Ma
loney have been specially detailed for
this work and their good nature and
efficiency have called for general com
mendation. Notwithstanding the diffi
culty in getting to the sales counters,
the great reductions made and the high
class of goods offered have proven a suf
ficient attraction to keep buyers on hand.
WANTS PAT FOR TEETH. —Jee Pc-y who
lost five teeth and aaye he waa otherwise in
jured by being thrown from a Mission-street
. car. yesterday cued the United Railroads for
$1500 damages. The accident is attributed to
, the shock following the burning out of a fuse
box.
■ .
is ft cootftftftv *i tflftftAftft cssftftC ft (Blcf^fe^
GOING-! GOING*!! GONE 111.
Don't Cry Fake rrs^J^
ran ner*. *andruff. Hcabi g scat» ana fall tag hair
Tb4 Bare Bastion b# **hah* remedy" throw aos>e tan bacared »y groajft wHa
PMft Into a 111 of unfMSOAAbte Incredulity. It Is Ncvtxo't Htrplclo*. n prevents retftfectfton.
true that before the mlcroWc origin of beMnesa Money t*rk if anaanatactocy Otntntfal hair
was dHcovtred that moat hair r—nal— wm dressing Stsas ItcMsjg «f seats ssstaiirhj.
•rammtUM. SM 10c, stMpft, ti Kinetic Bt, MpL I, MrtX, IMdL, fcr a tapis,
NEWBRO'S Herpicide
Tftw OSJOINAL NMH tact "Ms tlMD»»drwffOsm. M
ATTUBOATIOM, AT VBOKXVMT KROONL
AGED LITIGANTS
ARE IN COURT
Charles Main, Eighty-Seven
Years Old, Is Prosecuting
Case Against His Agent
TRANSACTION IN BONDS
Claim That T.R. Hayes With
held Securities Purchased
With Plaintiffs Money
A beginning was made in Judge Sea- ;
well's court yesterday in the trial of
the case of Charles Main against
Thomas R. Hayes, personally and aa
executor of the will of his son, C. E.
Hayes, to recover 600 shares of stock in
the Standard Portland Cement Com
pany. The plaintiff, a member of the
firm of Main & Winchester, is 87 years
old. THe defendant went into the
firm's employ fifty-one years ago. For
the last ten or twelve years of his
service he was Main's confidential
agent, privileged to make investments
for him without question.
According to the complaint, in Sep
tember, 1902, Hayes bought fifteen of
the cement company's bonda during
Main's absence in the East and upon
Main's return, at his request, bought
five more. In January of this year,
Main says, he discovered that Hayes
and his son had received and withheld
600 shares of the company's stock
which were given as a bonus with the
bonds. The stock is declared to be
worth $45.0f10.
Hayes was on the stand and remem
bered tbe transaction and admitted
that the stock was issued ln his name
or that of his son. but he did not reach
an explanation as to his claim of
ownership, which was set forth ln his
answer to the complaint. He was with
drawn as a witness in order that the
prosecution might lay a foundation for
questions along that line by proving
the issuance of the stock by the evi
dence of the secretary of the com
pany. Then the case was continued
until next Monday morning.
One of the contentions in the answer
of Hayes is that $5000 worth of the
bonds were purchased for Main's
granddaughter, with her money. Main
in his deposition denies this strenu-
OUSIy and says that she has not a far
thing's interest in the security, al
though he might have intended to give
her the bonds later. A letter to him
from Hayes showed that there was an
entry in a certain book stating that the
bonds belonged to Mrs. Crawford's ac
count. In regard to this, Mr. Main
makes an interesting explanation. He
says Hayes kept his books and handled
his private affairs without question.
Main had implicit confidence in
Hayes and relied upon his judgment.
A great many years ago. when Main s
granddaughters were little children, he
started a separate account for them
and from time to time added to it in
the way of money and securities. In
the case of Mrs. Crawford, he says, her
account had reached $50,000 when she
married and with this she bought a lot
and built a home in Washington, D. C.
The aged plaintiff says that when he
found that stock had been given as a
bonus with the bonds he wrote to
Hayes about it and the latter denied
that it had been so issued; this, says
Main, was a source of great surprise to
him. The defense maintains that when
the stock was issued it was not worth
more than $6000 and is now valued at
only half of what the plaintiff alleges it
to be.
WILL SUBMIT ESTIMATES
OF STREET WORK COST
City Engineer and Supervisors to Co
operate in Carrying Out of
Bonded Improvements.
The Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday secured from City Engineer
Woodward an agreemtn to s-.;bm:'
estimates of cost of sewering Mission
street, from Second to East, ami
for widening and repaying the street
from East street to Ninth; also for
sewering Fourth street, from Howard
to Berry, and other improvements in
other districts provided for ln the bond
issue. It is the intention of the com
mittee to order street Improvements
most urgently needed, especially in the
downtown districts, bids for sewer
bonds amounting to $724,800 and
street bonds for $243,000 having been
invited.
The committee recommended that
i sidewalk widths on both sides of Lake
i street, westerly from First avenue, be ;
, reduced from nineteen .to fifteen feet, ;
i and that sidewalk width on the north- 1
j erly side of Lincoln street, between
j Jones and Taylor, be five feet and the
| southerly side thereof be fourteen feet.
Gadski Sings To-Night.
Madame Gadski will give her second con
cert to-night at the Alhambrs, Theater at 8:15,
when the following will be the programme:
Part 1, modern arias and songs—Aria, "Sam
son et Delila ' <Saint-Saens): "Feldetnsam
keit" (Brahms): "Yon Ewiger Llebe"
(Brahms): "Slumber Song" (Brahms).
Part 2, arias and songs of American com
posers—Aria. "Hora Novissima" (Horatio S.
Parker); "(lipid Wings" (Hammond): "Christ
mas Night ' (Rider-Possart); "The Clover"
(E. MacDowell); "Airly Beacon" (B. Nevln);
"The Nightingale Song" (E, Nevln).
Part a—Piano solo, prelude, "Die Meister
singer" (Wagner), H. Selmar Meyrowits; "Ver
borgerhelt" (H. Wolf); "Zwel Klnderlieder"
(Taubert); "Traum Durch die Dammerung"
(R. Straucs): "Caecille" (R. Strauss).
Madame Gadski's farewell concert will take
place Saturday afternoon at 8 o'clock. The
programme will be entirely Wagnerian. •
The Onion Sisters Give a Party.
Mr. Carrot comes to grief as a candy
puller. In Next Sunday's Call—Comic
Section.
PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY—Petitions
In insolvency were filed yeaterday in the
United States District Court as follows: Mat
thias Paton Van Derveer, salesman, Sacra
mento, liabilities $6402. no assets; Peter Paul
Plobadny, saloon-keeper, San Francisco, lia
bilities $S*2o, no assets.
MINERS RESCUE
ENTOMBED MAN
Strikes Old Fill With His
Pick and the Falling Dirt
Shuts Him in Small Niche
IMPRISONED FOR HOURS
Sufficient Air Enters Cave
to Sustain Life Until His
Companions Dig Him Out
REDDING, Jan. 4.—George Garwood,
Justice of the Peace of French Gulch,
was burled alive for nine hours to
day. Garwood and two partners have
a lease on the Pick-up mine in the
French Gulch district. The Judge was
at work to-day running an upraise to
connect one tunnel with another, when
suddenly his pick struck an old fill and
the fine dirt poured down on him, luck
ily leaving him in a niche in the wall.
In a twinkling he was shut ln with
barely room enough to turn around.
When his partners learned of the acci
dent they rushed to the Washington
mine near by, where they got the en
tire force of twenty miners to help
them dig Garwood out. It took the
miners nine hours, working in five
minute shifts, to rescue the imprisoned
man. They found him all right, as
sufficient air reached him through the j
old fill to keep him alive, and the cave- j
in had not injured him.
All torpidity of the liver is prevented
by Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters. *
WHISKY THIEVES SENTENCED.—OIiver ,
Danis, who pleaded guilty In Judge Dunne's
court to a chars* ot grand larceny, waa sen- |
tenced yeaterday to serve three years tn San
Quentin. He haa a bad record. William Doyle,
his companion In crime, who waa allowed to
plead guilty to petty larceny, waa aantenced
to serve five months In the County Jail. On
June 3 the defendants were engaged by A.
Berkman. liquor dealer, 188 Albion avenue,
to take a barrel of whisky, valued at $100,
from the Southern Pacific freight sheda to his
store. Instead of dolpg so they sold it to a
saloon-keeper for $50.
My work
j —in this
""' vi. J f??% al wa >
high-grade
and
satisfactory and my prices are low.
DEVELOPING.
Roll of six. lOc. Roll of 12, 15c.
PRINTING
Solio finish. 3c to si». Velox fin
ish. 3c to tic.
DON'T TAIL TO TAKE ADVAN
TAGE OF OUR SPECIALLY LOW
prices oh soke lines or
LEATHER GOODS FiFTY PER,
CENT REDUCTION.
CONKLIN'S SELF-FILLING PEN
is a perfect Fountain Pen. Never
drips nor sweats ink. Always ready.
Out of town orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 MARKET ST.. Opp Fifth.
San Francisco.
LIEBIG COMPANY S
EXTRACT Of BEEF
COMPRESSED VIGOR ,A
Every advanced physician admits y J
the ralue of concentrated food pro- fc* /
duels in convalescensa or Impaired \_/
digestion. LIEBIG CoMrANY's y_fg_m_
Extract is by far the best of these. /
Excellent fcr the Sick and a good l^mfk\
thing for tna we'X sflttfl
Djilofp DON'T FAIL TO
I aiaWV gee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
% flu room, the EMPIRE
auit Parlor, th*
C J PALM ROOM, the
liniflU LOUIS XV PAR.
%Ai uuu &nd LA
Q , i DIES* WRITING
Hotels |5q qm
AMUSEMENTS.
LYRIC HALL WILL GKEENBAUM
BURTON HOLMES
TRAVCLOCUES
MAGNIFICENT COLORED VIEWS
ORIGINAL MOTION PICTURES
j Course A j Course B
IN LONDON 'Tues., Jan. 10-Wed,, Jan. 11
ROUND ABOUT I
LONDON iThurs-.Jan. 12iFrl.. Jan. 13
IRELAND -Hat.. Jan. 14 Mon., Jan. IS
RUSSIA iTues. Jan. 17 Wed.. Jan. 18
JAPAN lTburs..Jan. 19j Frt.. Jan. 20
COURSE SALE CLOSES TO MORROW.
Single Seats, $1.00. 75c and 60c; Saturday,
Sherman. Clay ft Co.'s.
MISCELLANEOUSI AMCSOfEyTS.
GADSKI
Last 9 Oonoerts. Alaamnr* Theater.
TO-NIGHT, at 8:15
SATURDAY MATINEE it 3 O'clock,
SEATS - - $3.00. $1.50, $1.00
At Sherman, day * Co.'s, where pre
grammes for each concert may be obtained.
Fischer's Theater
TONY LUBELSKI. General Manager.
HIGH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE.
10c and 20c—Children 10c.
Afternoons, 2:30. Evenings, 7:30 and 8.
Saturday and Sunday Continuous From S to
S and 7 to 11 p. ra.
Next Monday, World's Greatest Feature.
tfire- ZISKA.
H4B
' $ 35,600°°|
Dog
Made of Pure 24-Karat Gold
I Now on exhibit in our windows from 8:30 a. m. until
5:30 p. m.
A pure gold, full sixe model of "His Master's
Voice," the famous trade-mark of the greatest of all
ii talking machines,
The VICTOR
Talking Machine
This is the workmanship of Tiffany, the New York
jeweler, and was made for and exhibited at the St. Louis
Fair, where it created great interest and much com
ment. ,
It is a sight well worth coming downtown to see.
SHERMAN CLAY & CO.
Kearny and Sutter Sts., S. F.
AMI* SEM EXTS.
GRAND SSSS
SPECIAL MATINEE
TO-DAY, at 3 O'Clock.
DAVID BELASCO PRESENTS
BLANCHE
BATES
m A DOUBLE BILL, including
Madame | A | My Aunt's
Butterfly n Advice
The Play That IJ> I The Play That
Makes Men Cry. I I Makes Men Laugh.
EVERY NIGHT AND
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE DARLING OF THE GODS
NOTE.
SEATS FOR THIR.D AND LAST
WEEK NOW SELLING.
THE FOUR BARDS
And Last Times of the
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW
HEADED BY
McINTYRE AND HEATH
IN A NEW ACT.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs
ds% Saturday and Sunday.
Prices—loc, 25c and 50c.
Commencing SUNDAY MATINE B- -CREPSY
and DAYNE— And a BIG NEW SHOW:
ft AI 11 BAD 111 rRANcw
WU LUMP If* i«< 'HEA.ar
LAST 4 NIGHTS—MATINEE SATURDAY.
Lart Time Sunday Night.
Henry W. bavaae Offers Oeorge Ade's
Musical Satire,
SULTAN?SULU
Music by Alfred G. Wathall.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
FREDERICK KATHRYN
WARDE and KIDDER
In the Spectacular Drama,
"SALAMMBO."
Seats Ready—Mats. Wsd. and Sat-
H. W. BISHOP, Lessee and Manager.
ALL THIS WEEK.
SBc —M ATTN EE TO-DAY—25c
Oliver Morosco Offers
HOWARD GOULD. J. H. GILMOUR
And the Majestic Players
In William Gillette's Great War Romanes,
HELD BY THE ENEMY
NEXT MONDAY—"MIZPAH," or "Ths
"Btory of Esther," by ELLA WHEELER
WILCOX and Luscombe Searelle, the Musical
Wlsard.
BUU! 4& KaClDg!
California Club
OAKLAND TEACX.
Racing every week day, rata or shins.
Races start at 2:16 p. m. sharp.
FoUaasbe* Handicap. 33000 added, to be
ran Saturday, Jaa. 7.
For special trains stopping at ths track take
8. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00,
12:30, 1:00. 1:30 or 2:00. Returning trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:46 p. m. and im
mediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
AMUStLMiLYTS.
mT|\|)|jHOUSE
Th* Laat Week ftt
the Tivoli's Fimoui
Opera Soeciii
K3NQ
DODO
IIPANn BEGIN!
VJ IV iTa 1 N WW WEDNESDAY
OPERA ESS
IN ITALIAN. KUBVWI.
RALE OF RESERVED SEATS
OPENS THIS MORNING. JANUARY 6.
PRICES, $2, $1 SO, S.L 60c.
Orders by mail,' accompanied by check of
money order, will receive attention la the or
der in which they are received.
/ CALIFORNIA \
f* ALL THIS WEEK. g
of j|
W ■ Vlll Swedish-America-i X
MX Dialect Comedies 1
Yonsonj
SUNDAY NIGHT-BLACK PATTI 4
TROUBADOURS. B
"Greatest Colored Show on Earth." a
With Mme. Sissleretta Jones (Black I
Patti) and John Rucker, the "ALA- P
b BAMA BIX>SSOM " J
A T Pi 7 A Ti Belasco * Mayer,
ALLAZAK ffs,
General Manager.
FOUR NIGHTS MORE
TO-NIGHT—Mats. Bat. ud Sua.
Only San Francisco Production of RJ.-hard
Mansfield's Version of the Delightful Pla>
OLD HEIDELBERG
The Quaint German Student Songs by a True
Mais Quartet.
NO ADVANCE IN PRICES.
NEXT MONDAY—First Tims in Stock.
Joseph Arthur's | now DI%/f-r»
Famous Comedy L.V»O I If IV L X
With the Bicycle Race, the Flight on Horse
back and Wonders ot Realism.
G E NTR AL^i?
Market Street, near Eighth, Phone South 333.
TO-NIOHT ALL WEEK
MATS. SAT. A SUN.
Ths Greatest Metropolitan Scenic Success,
CHILD SLAVES
OF NEW YORK
PRICEB—Eve., 10c to 50c. Mats.. 10c, 15c, 25c
NEXT WEEK —Central Theater Stock
Company la
MINSTRELS
Hi«rh-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening in the Heated Theater.
TO - WIGHT. ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN
DISPLAY.
—AND—
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE.
CONCLUDING WITH
A BELAY RACE FOE FAT LADIES 1
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE
ADMISSION 10c 1 CHILDREN I*
When "Phoning, Ask for "The Chutes."
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
4S A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
Ths Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALPS A BRTSNE, Agents.
828 Market st., 8. F. —(Send for Circulars^
910
FREE—A BOX Or THE NEW GRAHAM BISCUITS, HADE BY THE
THE^CALL
JOHN D. BPRBCKEIjS. : . .Twprlt^at
Address Communications to
JOHN McNAUGHT MMMager
TELEPHONE.
Ark for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con
nect You with the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third, S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carrier. 20 Cts. Per Week, 75
rts. Per Month. Single. Copies 5 Cts.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
Order ):
DAILY CALL unclud. Sunday). 1 year...sß.oo
DAILY CAIJ_ (includ. Sunday). 6 raos... 4.00
DAILY CALL—-By Single Month 75c
SUNDAY ( ALL. 1 Year - 50
WEEKLY CALL, i Year r 1.00
- FOREIGN I-ailv...sS.Bo $«r Extra
c Sunday. 4.1;> Per Year I'.xua
POSTAGE. J Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Ccpies will be forwarded when re
quested.
Mail subscribers ln ordering change of ad
dress should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re
quebt
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1088
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Csnter Street Telephone North TT
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Post Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 81
Union Square; Murray Hil! Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great
•Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
llctel; Palmer House.
' HICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building,
djorg Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT.
C. C. ( "ARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
f>27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:SO p. at.
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
839 .McAllister street; open until 9:30 p» m.
615 I_rkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
10(i Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. n.
2'joo Fillmore etreet: open until 9 p. m.
, v MESTING NOTICES.
-* ——~————* —
A REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena
Lodge of Perfection No. 1, A. and A. V
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be fik
beld in Commar.iiery Hall. Masonic »4B»_
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. ~*~T
.lanuary 5. 1905, at 8 o'clock. Degree Four
teen. Visiting brethren cordially invited.
HENRY BURNER, Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R. A. M.— _>
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) V\£
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. R. A. De-/wN
gree. By order of the H. P.
JNO. R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
. ■
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. .1. F. and A. _
M . will meet THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. January 5, at 7:30/>f>
o'clock. Stated meeting.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. _
M.—Stated meeting THIS (THURS-VV
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By />f\
order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M. m
will meet on THURSDAY, at 12:45 _\t
p. m., to attend the funeral of our /V>
late brother, H. A. ELLIS; Master
Masons are invited.
GEORGE PE_\ T LINGTON. Sec.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— D
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING at 8 o'clock. By order of/>fN
the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
STARR KING Lodge No. 344, F. and _
A. M.. 317 Devlsadero St.—Stated > _\f
meeting THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN-/VN
ING at 7:30 o'clock.
H. F. WRIGHT. Secretary.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15. L ___mu_,
0 F. —Installation of officers
HIS (THURSDAY) EVENING, ; *HfIDP
.lanuary 5. Visiting and so- w *mm\\W w
journlng brothers cordially invited. By order
S. HECK. N. G.
CHAS. A. WISEWELL, Rec. Sec.
GERMANIA Lodge No. 116. 1. O. ___m__.
O. F.—lnstallation of of fleers jaH Wt_
THURSDAY EVENING.
vary 5. Visitors welcome. *
FRED GUDEHUS, N. G.
PAUL RTRAUCH, Rec. Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. __f___,
p _jnint installation with Gol- ii_9_MMk_
den West Lodge THIS fTHURS-
DAY) EVENING at 7:30. Pros- 'mmmur
pect Hall. Odd Fellows' building. Visitors
cordially invited.
J. S. MEE, Noble Grand.
C. R. HOLTON, Recording Secretary.
GOLDEN WEST Lodge No. 322. I. ___Wt__
O O. F. —Joint installation of r ' r \__K,
ficers with Pacific Lodee No. 155 11
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING.
W. H. N. G.
CROATIAN Benevolent Society Zoon- MBtk.
imlr No. 61—Meeting THIS ( MJ
("THURSDAY) EVENING, January KSND
IS. 1905, at Fraternity Hall, 32 J£m_
CFarrell st. Installation of new jX/nr*
officers will take placa. All offl-
cers and members are requested
to be present.
I. P. SUTICH, President.
M. LISTER, Secretary.
REGULAR Installation and dence of
the Master Mariners' Benevolent
Association, to be held at 7:30 \l_r m*
p, m., January 6, 1905, at Red
Men's Hall, 220 Golden Gate aye. By order
of the president.
L. TRAUNG, Recording Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Harbor No-<_
4«, A. A. M. and P. of S. V.,
44 East st,, San Franctsco—
Installation of officers FRI
DAY, January 6. 8 p. m.
Social and smoker, with re-f
frsshments. P. N. STOKEN, Captain.
J. T. JONES, Captain's Clerk.
THE excursion given to the Master Painters'
Association by W. P. Fuller A Co. will leave
Clay-st. wharf on tho T. C. Walker THURS
DAY MORNING, Jan. 5, at 8:30 sharp.
THE California. Debris Commission, having
celved applications to mine by hydraulic pro
cess from Wing Kee, ln American Hydraulic
mine, near Port Wine. Sierra County, Cal..
draining into Morrtstown Ravine, thence into
Yuba River; from Jerry Curtis, In Forest
Grove mine, near Johnsvllle, Plumas County,
Cal.. draining into East Nelson Creek, which
reaches Feather River; from North Star Min
ing Company, in Lanoe.ll Placer mine, near
Mokelumne Hill, Calaveras County, Cal.
draining Into Rich Gulch, which reaches
Calaveras River: and from J. A. Hartman.
In Clayton Ranch Ravine mine, near Forbes
town. Yuba County, Cel., draining Into Dry
Creek, which reaches Yuba River, gives no
tice that a meeting to receive any protests
will be held at room 68. .Flood building.
San Francisco, Cel., January 16, 1905, at
1:30 p. m.
THE annual meeting of the •tockholdsrs of
the Nevada National Bank of San Fran
cisco, Ca!., will be held at Its banking
house 301 Montgomery st., San Francisco
Cal.. oh TUESDAY. January 10. 1805.
at 8:15 p. m., for the election of directors to
serve during the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
GEO. GRANT, Secretary
December 10, 1904.
ANNUAL MEETING—The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Company will be held ot the office of the
rr;mpany. 126 Stockton St., at 12 o'clock,
r.oon. on WEDNESDAY, the 11th day of
Janusry. 19C5, for the election of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and for the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
THE annual meeting cf the Golden Gate Kin
dergarten Association for the election of di
rector* will be held at 560 Union st. oft
MONDAY, January 16, at 10 a. m.
■VIRGINIA FITCH, President.
JESSE V DORR. Secretary.
MEETING- NOTlCES—Continued.
SPECIAL MEETING—A special meetins of
the stockholders of the Pajaro Valley Con
solidated Railroad Company will be held r.t
the office of the company. 327 Market street.
Han Francisco, on TUESDAY, the 17th day
of January, 1905. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year and
lor the transaction of such other business a:=
may come before the meeting. The transfer
books ot the company will close on Friday,
January 13. 1905, at 3 p. tn. By order of
the president, W. H. HANN"AM, Secretary.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
A FRAUDULENT divorce Is dear at $12 and
Is no good; for 22 years I've made divorces
a specialty; quick, quiet; no money needed;
no pay unless divorce Is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free; collections
made. Q. W. HOWE, 1122 Market st.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-law, Exam. bldg..
6th floor; entrance room 811; established 20
years; all courts, general court and office
practice: no fees ln advance or for consulta
tion: evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AA—Divorce; costs $12; quick,quiet;advice free;
all law business; no charge unless success
ful; open evenings. 927 Market st., room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs ln advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. Sl9 Market st., r. 33.
L. S. CLARK, 927 Market, room 304; consulta
tion free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
JOHN GUIDERY, attorney-at-law, rooms 3
and 4, 240 Montgomery St.; phone Red 6617.
SOLICITORS and agents wanted. Apply Merl
den Light Co., 13" Stockton st.
ASTHMA CURB.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly;
lOe. 25c. 60c. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas.
also Wishart. 10th and Washington, Oakland
AUTOMOBILES.
AUTOMOBILE gasoline runabout for sale or
trade for city property; $700 cash. Box 3683,
Call office.
WANTED —An automobile of good make and
must be in good condition. Box 3403, Call.
WANTED—To buy automobile for two persons.
Box 3897. Call.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A—sl2oo: ROADHOUSE; 4 furnished rooms;
rent $16; lease; shutfleboard; place estab
lished many years; best location on San Ma
teo road Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—s22oo; CORNER saloon on California St.;
rent $75; old established business and good
paying place; fine fixtures; large stock; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—sl2oo; FRUIT and produce stand ln leading
market; doing a business of $100 per day; 3
horses, 2 wagons: a splendid offer and rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—$800; RESTAURANT and chophouse; close
to 2 carhouses; 5 rooms; rent $33; established
years; doing a first -class business; investi
gate; this is a good business and a bargain.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26' _ Kearny st.
A—s4ooo; BAKERY and confectionery, estab
lished many years; baking 7 barrels per day:
6 horses wagons and buggy; one of the best
ln this city. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—s3so; WELL established real estate office in
Napa Co.: office dcing a good business; has
valuable contracts; clearing about $150; par
ticulars R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—ssoo; HARDWARE, locksmith and electri
cal repair shop; established 25 years; best
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A—$1800; SALOON on water front, close to
Market St.; net rent $120; place established
many years and known as a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE. 28% Kearny.
A—s3soo; LIQUOR store, with 5 years' lease;
$2000 stock guaranteed; one block north of
Market; a very rare chance. Call on R. G.
AVILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
dally receipts $50; rent $80; lease; place lo
cated close to Market and a good business.
Call on R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
A—$1000; HOTEL; a first-class paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen with 5-year
lease; close to carhouse and other factories.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT for sale in the best
mining town in the State of Nevada; daily
receipts $150; opposite the round house: no
better paying proposition in Nevada. Partlc
ulara P.. Q. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s7ooo; BAKERY, one of the best in city;
• monthly sales $6000; splendid chance for two
partners; not all cash necessary. Particulars
see R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s2soo; HOTEL In Sonoma CoT; 20 furn.
rooms; dining and bar room. bus. 2 horses,
cow. etc., and 7 acres of land; 5 years' lease;
rent or owner will sell whole property
for $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny et.
A—sl7so; CORNER grocery and bar. with 5
Jiving rooms, on Sacramento st.; 4% years'
lease; rent $45; the very best location." See
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s23so; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi
ness: 3 horses, 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best location;
a good cash business. See R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st.
A—$800; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es
tab. 20 years and known as a good busi
ness. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s24so; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash busi
ness; location can't be beat; value in sight.
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s26oo; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block from Examiner Building; place estab
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
GROCERY AND SALOON FOR SALE.
The undersigned executors of the estate of
Henry Kleen. deceased, offer for sale the re
tail grocery and saloon of said deceased,
located at the southwest corner of Sixteenth
and Folsom streets, San Francisco, compris
ing generally a complete stock of grocery
merchandise, wines, liquors, cigars and to
baccos, with safe, cash register, etc.
This is a rare opportunity to purchase an
old-established business. For information
respecting the same apply to John D. Hems
400 Folsom street, or Henry Bohls, 244-246
Fremont street. Sealed bids to be delivered
to G. Gunzendorfer. attorney for the estate
of said deceased 325 Montgomery street, on
or before Saturday, January 7, 1005 at 2
P. m.
Lease of the premises can be obtained by
purchaser it desired. *
DORETTE KLEEN, JOHN D HEINS
HENRY BOHLS. executors of estate of
HENRY KLEEN. deceased.
Dated January 4, 1905.
INVESTORS—Your attention Is called to the
stock of a corporation engaged In the manu
facture and salo of a hardware specialty
upon which a patent has been allowed, which
stock Is for sale In amounts to suit. The ar
ticle Is displacing other articles Intended for
the same purpose now on the market on ac
count, of its simplicity, lightness and ease of
operation. A well known business man la at
the head of the/enterprise, and the profits
which can be made ln the business will allow
a good Income on the investment. Full par
ticulars at Sonntag's Patent Agency, 214
Pine st.; telephone Front 14. A full investi
gation solicited.
a— ____
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
description do not fail to call upon us; we
maj* have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sei l .
J. W. JAQUITH.
Removed James Flood building
Rooms 874, 876 and 878.
WANTED—Energetic and thoroughly reliable
man. with $4000 to $6000 to Invest and take
management of already established extensive
paying business; salary $150 monthly as
marager besides his share of profits, which
easily will be $300 to $400 monthly; must he
able to give excellent references. For full
particulars see TONT LUBKLSKI, Fischer's
Theater. S. F.. or Tuesday evenings at Nov
elty Theater, Oakland, Cal.
F. A. BROOKBANK.
BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market St.. between Fifth and Sixth.
$500— PARTNER for well paying cigar stand
on Market St.; elegant fixtures; large stock;
must be sober and reliable man; no experi
ence required. See BROOKBANK.
FOR sale —Good-paying dairy: well located and
equipped, with choice patronage; fine lot
mixed stock: cozy home; cheap lease. Box
B. Call office, San Jose.
$7500 —GROCERY and bar 4separate); promt -
nem corner; Immense stock: fine teams, etc.;
long lease; established 20 years; owner to re
tire; no agents. Apply P. O. box 2228.
WE incorporate nnd float stock companies; we
handle unllsied securities; loans negotiated
HORATIO GILBERT & CO., Ellicott Square
Buffalo. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX, THURSDAY. JANUARY 5. 1905.
CB^KCES—^onttou
A—CAMERON & CO. Phone South ICSO.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Here Is an opportunity of getting on-* of the
best groceries and bars ln city; fine transfer
coiner; downtown and doing big business;
cheap rent; 6 years' lease; receipts average
$18iK) io $2000 per month; never changed
hands; best of reasons for selling. CAM
ERON & CO.
Exchanges made in all kinds of real estate,
rocir 1 leg-house and business chances. CAM
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
One of tho best grocery and lfquor stores; been
established for 20 years; doing fine business;
clearing $300 to $500 per month; owner has
made fortune ond wishes to retire from busi
ness, good horse and wagon, with complete
stock, goes for §1800; fixtures worth price
asked; present owner there 8 years.
For sale—First-class bazaar and cigar busi
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rent:
fixtures and store up-to-date; established 17
years; fine new stock of Roods: has never
clvanged hands; now clearing $350 and over
per month; best reason for selling; an op
portunity of a lifetime. SEE CAMERON
& CO.
For sale—Well furnished and equipped country
hotel; C 9 rooms; rent only $150; ten-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through
out; about 50 miles from S. F.; fine, grow
ing town; present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
First-class saloon; downtown: two blocks from
Market St.; rent $75; well fitted up; receipts
$18 to $25 per day; must be sold on account
of other business; price, $1600. CAMERON
& CO.
i First-class short order restaurant, downtown;
fittings r.ew and up-to-date; receipts $75 to
$80 per day; fine opportunity to get Al prop
osition reasonable; best of reason for sell
ing. CAMERON & CO.
For sale —First-class downtown cigar store;
doing good business, but disagreement of
partners cause of sale. CAMERON & CO.
$400 —Partner wanted; established genteel busi
ness; no night or Sunday business; duties
light, will pay $100 month to each; no expe
rience required; trial allowed until satisfied.
Apply MARIN INV. CO., 235 Kearny st.
FOR sale—A grocery', doing very good busi
ness: all new goods; must be sold as owner
Is going away. Address 6602 San Pablo aye.,
Oakland.
STEAM laundry for sale ln a large coast
town; the only steam laundry ln town; the
plant In first-class condition. Address box
3723, Call office.
FOR sale—Half or whole interest ln a patent
revolving harrow which is* in demand; in
vestigate this. Box 1590, Call office, Oakland.
NEWSPAPER route for sale in Oakland: a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
$200 —ACTIVE man wanted as partner to do
plain, light work; sure profit of $75 to each
per month. Apply 632 Market St., room 6.
DELICATESSEN store on Union st.; good
neighborhood; small business and good trade;
will sell for $300. Box 3402, Call.
MUSICIAN can find safe and highly profitable
Investment for $200. Box 3213, Call.
FOR sale—Complete restaurant outfit; cheap.
Apply 242 Fourth st.
LIQUOR store and saloon: fine wine cellar; good
lease; good corner. 2898 16th, cor. Howard.
$125 —RESTAURANT worth $300; must sell to
day account sickness. 235 Kearny st.
FOR sale or to lease, small printing office.
Box 3541, Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale. ISI Sixth st.
WANTED—To buy a delicatessen store; state
lowest price. Box 3208. Call.
WOULD like to purchase a cigar stand. Box
3097. Call.
SICO —GOOD business; man or woman. Box
3724, Call office.
S E S^tJß^AXE^^
A—CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
For sale, 4 years' lease and business of 27
-room northeast corner house, well and com
pletely furnished and equipped boarding house;
ewellest location in city; full permanent, first
class ' people; on account of departure soon
opportunity is oriered to start ln business for
the small investment of $500.
High-grade family hotel on the hill; ele
gantly furnished; has 80 light and sunny
rooms; always full and clears a fine Income,
but sickness is only cause for being on the
market; cood chance for some one to get pay
ing investment at^eacrlfice.
Big snap; 31-room apartment house; rent
only $4 per room; well furnished and clearing
$90 per month; will only take $550 cash, bal
ance time; price, $950.
24 beautifully furnished rooms; new house;
new furniture; modern an* up to date; com
pleted less than 2 months; close in; sudden
Illness ln family causes? sole chance to get
brand new house as cheap as old one. Owner
sick tn bed; rare opporeunlty.
First-class Investment where you can earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of $4500 ln 46
-room house; rent only $125. per month; choice
location on Sutter st.; always full; best of oak
furniture; good carpets; sickness only reason
for selling. -
Swell family hotel on Sutter St.; beautifully
furnished; always full; there are 80 rooms;
rent only $425; obliged to leave city; will be
sold at half cost to furnish.
Grand, new, modern apartment-house; beau
tiful building; elegantly furnished; good long
lease with cheap rent; only 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny st.; has 180 rooms and pays $500
to $000 per month; always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had If taken at once.
This is a fine opportunity for some one with
$1000 cash to get 20 rooms well furnished ln
oak and cherry; everything in first-class shape
and clears $85 above all expenses; leaves 3
rooms for landlady;, balance can be paid out
of house.
Beautiful new building; grand entrance;
electric elevator, lights: steam heat; 60 light
and sunny rooms, elegantly furnished; spacious
halls; ciraperies and u r ttie best; where
you can have an exquisite home besides clear
ing $369 per month above al! expenses; close
in; cheap rent and long lease; this house is
always tull of best people; sickness causes
sale; exclusively with us.
Nice little house of 16 rooms, with good fur
niture and carpets;, rent only $65; must dis
pose next ten days; make offer.
One of the best 2S-room transient houses In
city; fine corner; good location; newly fur
nished; fine condition, and If taken at once
can be got at a bargain; only requires $600
cash down, balance can be paid out of house.
Will clear $150 to $200 every month; has 2
years' lease; owner obliged to leave city.
Rare bargain can be got in a beautifully
furnished 100-room down town house, carpets,
furniture and dranerles of the hest; building
and furnishings less than 2 years; electric
elevator, lights, steam heat; everything mod
ern and up-to-date; cheap rent; owner com
pelled to leave city on account of other busi
ness; bargain of a lifetime; exclusively.
Here Is a nice little home of 12 well fur
nished rooms; rent only $60: where you can
clear $50 per month and have 2 best rooms;
Van Ness aye.; only $850.
70-room country hotel; best Interior town In
State; barroom, 2 dining rooms and 6-room
cottage besides; rent $100 per month; can get
10 years' lease; brick building; everything fine
condition; fine business proposition.
Beautifully furnished 6-room modern flat;
new 6 months ago; rent only $25; fine location;
cost over $900; to be sold for $400; departure.
Choice 80-room downtown European hotel;
strictly first class and thoroughly respectable:
every equipment; modesfi and up to date; al
ways full and clears $350 to $400 per month;
best reasons for selling; with us exclusively.
New. modern 8-room upper flat; choice loca
tion on Ellis; mahogany, blrdseye maple fur
niture; Axminster 'and velvet carpets; cost
$2200 to furnish; will be sold at one-half cost
on account of buying larger house.
14-room house, furnished In oak and mahog
any; good carpets; first-class location: all full
and clearing nice little salary every month;
you can get It for $600 cash.
36 rooms well located on Eddy St.; rent only
$65; oak and cherry furniture: clears $75;
leaves a best rooms for landlady; everything
first-class condition; here Is a fine home com
bined with nice little business; part down, bal
ance as you make It.
Rare chance to get chblce 7-roBm flat: rent.
Including garbage and janitor service, $40 per
month: furnished in mahogany and oak; best
body Brussels carpets; new 1 year and cost
$800 to furnish; will sell for $450 on account
of leaving city.
We have a number of special banrsina In
flats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and can
be had for less than half cost to furnish;
must be sold, either account of sickness or
departure.
m Hava large list of real estate, hotels, room-
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE—Con.
Ing houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
REMOVED Jan. 1, 1905.
REMOVED.
MARION GRIFFIN
Has removed from the Hearst building to suite
801, near elevators.
JAMES FLOOD BUILDING,
Corner of Market and Powell sts., opposite
Emporium.
Free list of
HOTELS AND ROOMING-HOUSES.
of 68 rooms; 7
-38.
Fashionable room- year lease. In
ing-house of 38 come $430 over
rooms, on Sutter rent. Modern
st. Furnishings building Price,
cost $6010. Every- $5700. Terms %
thing Is cash.
FIRST CLASS. See
All the roomers MARION
must give ac- GRIFFIN.
ceptable refer- '
ences. House is
full. Profit is ex- 19.
actly $187 month- Draw $200 ln rold
ly. Owing to lm- out of the bank
mediate departure and let the bal
from city price Is ance of youi
$3500. money stay there
until you have
See given this 19
- house a
MARION thorough trial.
Price $1600, re-
GRIFFIN. duced
« —to $1200—
, You pay $200
down and we
154. back you for a
Clean profit $396 thousand; house
monthly In a par- located -In busi
i t tally furnished ness center, north
154-room house. of Market st. For
Price $7500: Ist this holiday snap
payment $2000.
See
MARION
MARION
GRIFFIN.
GRIFFIN.
t V
16.
24. THINK rapidly-
Transient house, and act quickly
near Market st.; on this 16-room
clears $125 to $200 house; north of
monthly. The net Market In a quiet,
profit for 1904 up respectable neigh
to Christmas was borhood.
exactly $1506. —Rent $30—
owner desires to Price put down to
leave S. F. at —$500—
once. For $500 Terms, % cash
first payment will and $10 monthly.
put you in pos-
session. See
See MARION
MARION . GRIFFIN,
GRIFFIN. Suite 801,
r— JAMES FLOOD
85. Building.
READER, see No.
85. IF YOU ARE Cor. Market and
AMBITIOUS to Powell.
MAKE MONEY
take a little time
and examine this 9.
grand corner CORNER house, 9
house of 85 rooms rooms, for $350:
large, airy and on Sutter st.
most beautifully —RENT $45 —
sunny rooms. All INCOME
well furnished and $90 monthly,
full of roomers; All large rooms:
rent $4 50 per all sunny rooms;
room; 4-year new furnishings,
lease; owner out —Cost $741 —
of city; make Will show the bills
your own offer to THIS is a
SNAP
MARION for the
Glad NEW YEAR
GRIFFIN, Owner is away.
House runs itself.
Suite 801. No work.
The roomers
JAMES FLOOD are high class.
Building. MARION
Cor. Market and GRIFFIN,
Powell.
Suite 801,
JAMES FLOOD
100.
E L E G A NTLY Building.
furnished house of
100 rooms: first- Cor. Market and
class; right down- Powell.
town; very desir-
able location: ■ »
long lease; rea- 32.
sonable rental; Bargain hunters
clears a large stop howling
amount of money; about high prices
if you are looking and let me show
ror a great busi- you my 32-room
ness proposition house on a prom
you have It in Inent corner; well
this house. Exclu- rurnished; abso
sively lutely respectable;
■ roomers all mem-
WITH of the
"SMART SET."
MARION Lease if desired;
you'll find no
GRIFFIN, fault with the
Suite 801, price: It's almost
a gift. Get full
JAMES FLOOD particulars of my
only agent.
Building.
MARION
Cor. Market and •
Powell. GRIFFIN,
In the NEW
JAMES FLOOD
68.
Dependable house Building.
NEW FIRM—FISHER & CO.—NEW FIRM.
Successors to Mitchell & Co. In rooming
houses, hotels and flats. James Flood bldg.,
Powell and Market; r. 430. Phone Main 3351.
FOR sale—Lodging and boarding house and 19
sunny rooms; electric lights; reasonable. 121
Driimm st.
$150— FURNISHED house of 12 rooms; good
location; rent $20. Box 3210, Call office.
10 ROOMS and bath, cheap; good location; low
rent; income. 817 Post st.
i
Roominsr-Hcnses and Hotels For Sale.
H. C. DECKER 906 MARKET ST.
H. C. DECKER PHONE JOHN 531.
SQUARE DEALING—CLEAR TITLES.
Over 28 years selling houses ln this city.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
See the following bargains:
20 rooms; transient $850
14 rooms; only $350 cash $750
19 rooms; rent $75; only $250 carh $750
24 rooms; all light and sunny; rent $60.51100
26 rooms; Market-st. snap $2500
25 rooms; up-to-date hotel; swell locs- "
tion $3200
10-room house; new furniture $600
27-room house on Post st $20CO
H. C. DECKER. 900 Market st., cor. Stockton.
100-ROOM HOUSE DOWNTOWN.
COST $14,000 TO FURNISH.
PRICE $5000. NOW SEE IT AT ONCE.
DECKER HAS IT FOR SALE.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN / you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat
ing works.3ss-367 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har
rison St.; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAjGE
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
MICHBLL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.—First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH tt CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
CREDIT OItOTBTinM.
C. F. ADAMS CO., 318 Mason at.—Clothing
for everybody from hat to shoes: you can get
what you want from as and have It charged.
CtOCTCTG BBHOTATOTg.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, Examiner bldg.. r. 410:
p'.ione Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
collection offices.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
_ DENTISTS.
A NEW plate—The Whalebone —Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 60c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 85c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewitt,2o4 Sutter.
ARTHUR OHISHOLM, surgeon-dentist,r.l4,lst
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st,
to corner Sutter st. and Grant aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking _ Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew
art's button and buttonhole factory.llo Taylor.
A—THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical c« i
leges, begins Its twelfth year. We shall do
better work than before, and give general aa
well as special courses. Vjur departments la
English literature, languages, mathemetics,
sciences, history, etc., are excellent. Two
of the best teachers in California are in
charge of English and of mathematics. Come
and be with us, we prepare you well. Refs.
Pres. Jordan or any Stanford professor. Day
and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
CLASSES ln short story writing and Journal
ism will be formed on January 3, 4 and 5 at
2 p. m., at 333 Phelan bldg.; terms vary rea
sonable; join these classes; tho Instruction is
excellent; rapid progress assured.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatlo
learning ln America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post st., S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
snd gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi
tions. S. F. Business College, 738 Mission st.
ENGINEERING—CiviI, elec., mln., mech.. sur
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
Established 1863; largest ln the West; an
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
ALL Eng. and com. branches, $5 mo.; 47 les
sons Benn Pitman shorthand hold any posi
tion; mdlv. instruc. West. 8u5.C01.,1281 Mkt.
IRVING Institute School for Girls, 2128 Cali
fornia st.; Easter term begins Tuesday,
January 3. 1906.
DESIGN; strength materials; graphic statics;
practical; helpful from start; evenings;
mail. 20 Hartford st.
BOOKKEEPING, Eng.. Math., etc.. day and
eve.; Individual lnstr. 305 Larkln st. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
A—GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL
LEGE. 1382 Msrket st. Send for catalogue.
A—METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
aye.; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
MME. PRILL'S Piano School, London Con.
2105 Golden Gate ay.; resident pupils taken.
BOOKKEEPING—Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR. expert, 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. 828 Halght st.
CHICAGO Business College, 1584 Market—Posi
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hin
man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thorny by mall and per
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.—Night class.
clairvoyants,,
a— extraordinary opportunity
To Consult
RICHARD MAYO
At Reduced Charges.
Complete clairvoyant readings 60c this week.
No charge unless satisfactory.
You can be the Judge.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age, occupa
tion. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood
before you.
LOVE. COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE
Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs,
troubles, marriages, restores lost affections,
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quarrels.
TELLS YOU WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
And how to WIN the man or woman you
love, and how to make your husband or wife
be true to you, and how to overcome all
your enemies and how to make a person at
a distance think of you, and how to DE
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM, THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS.
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable.
Eilis st.-Hl2lA—Ellis st.
Hours—lo a. m. to Bp. m. Private flat.
MME. LYNN, "
The Eminent Clairvoyant—Psychic—Mystic.
Special Reduction This Week.
Readings 60c, '50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c
W r onderful, bewildering Is the work of Mme.
Lynn, whose readings are a revelation; advice
on love, marriage, courtship, business, mines;
also reunites the separated; gives secret power
to control any one in 21 days. She tells your
full name and what you want to know. AH
business strictly confidential.
239 Powell Ist., near Geary.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. LANGE gives you advice by her gen
uine Egyptian sympathy palmistry, spirit
ualism and crystal readings; has the mag
netic mirror, the greatest secrets of the
world; tells by cards; shows ths picture of
your future husband. Come and convince
yourself; 50c and up. Hours, 10 to 8, and
Sundays. 38 Turk st., bet. Market and Taylor.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medium, reads your life cor
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future: greatest living adviser on
all affairs in life; never failed to give satis
faction; 25c up. 17 Third st.. next Examiner.
MME. medium: born
with second sight; tells past, present, future:
ladies. 50c; ftents by cards, $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings, $1 50. 303 Jones,nr.Eddy.
LIVINGSTONE.
For reliable clairvoyant reading consult
LIVINGSTONE,
26% Kearny st.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours—lo
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis St.. clairvoyant,
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques
tion: names given ;,«$1; hours, 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted, clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c,
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
A—MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known
trance medium; readings daily, 10 to 5. 343
Geary st.
MME. KRONENBERG. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader: when others fall try me; read
ings 25c. 102% Sixth St., nr. Mission.
MISS WARD. 1206 Market st., parlor 31, elalr
voyant, gives nancs. dates; take elevator.
MRP. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings daily. 108 6th st.,rooms 1-2
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
SPIBXTTTALIgM.
C. V. MILLER'S materialising seance to-night
and Sunday, 8 o'clock; "friends only." 1084
Bush st.
A—MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1208 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
EARLE. Hotel Higgins. 235 O'Farrell St.—
Seance Sunday; regards to all old friends.
ALL skeptics should witness MME. YOUNG'S
spirit messages to-night. 619 McAllister; 10c.
REMOVED—MRS. LESTER to 872 Mission st.;
eir. Mon., Fri.. 8 p.m., 10c; read, dally, 50c,51.
MRS. CRINDLE'S materializing seances Wed..
Friday and Sunday eves., 50c. 328 Ellis st.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Lar
kin. room 49: readings 1 to 5; tel. South 319.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A—JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A—ORPHEUM Employment Office—Japanese-
Chinese heln. 426 Powell st.: tel. Main 5752.
EMFI^TMBHTjrjTPXCTS—^Cojat^Sd.
A—JAPANEBE and Chinese help. W*L
YOSHY, 415 Stockton St. ; tel. Bush So 9.
CHINESE Employment Office—Best help at
Leon Seung's, 411% O'Farrell; tel. Last 4^6.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of
fice; all kinds help. 316 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—FEMALE.
cashier, young lady; ex
pert accountant; quick, accurate; all modern
systems; highest references; last position o
years. Bex 3691, Call office.
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes position
ln private family as upstairs girl. Call at 37
Madison avenue., between Fifth and Sixth
sts. off Harrison.
A WOMAN wants work by the day house
cleaning; $1 50 and carfare. Apply 160.
Howard st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker from Chicago
wishes to go out by the day. 1962 McAllis
ter st.
COMPETENT woman wants position as house
keeper. 138 Henry St., between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth, above Noe; Castro car.
YOUNG Swedish girT would like to do ieenera.l
housework or second work. Call 2386, Bry
ant St.. San Francisco.
YOUNG woman wishes washing or houseclean
lng by day; wages $1 60 per day. Apply I<%
W*lsh St.. off 4th, bet. Bryant and Brannan^
COMPETENT French dressmaker wants en
gagements by the day; $2 per day. 1113
Sutter at.
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day or
week; is good cook. 114 Seventh St., top
floor. .
A YOUNG woman wants any kind of work by
the day. Box 8209. Call office.
FINNISH *irl would like to do housework ln
family. 322 Fremont st.
HOTEL housekeeper of experience and ability,
accustomed to taking entire charge of the
housekeeping department in large, first-class
hotels, thoroughly competent, can give tbe
best of referenoes from former employers, de
sires position ln large hotel. Box 3467. Call.
YOUNG lady wishes to find good home; will be
companion and give light service; is neat,
intelligent and refined, but entirely deaf;
only those who know what they want need
answer. Box 3587. Call office.
A YOUNG Swedish girl would like a position
dolns upstairs work and waiting on tabl?;
wai.es $25. Call at 832 Alabama St., bei.
Twentieth and Twenty-first sts., between
the hours of 11 a. m. and 3 p. m.
DRESSMAKER, ladles' tailor on suits and
coats, shirtwaist suits; experienced and only
first-class work made at home; engagements
per day. MISS BARSS. Sherman House. 28
Eighth st.
MIDDLE-AGED Eastern woman, is a good cook
and will do washing; will go short distance
ln country; wages $20 to $25. Address 1318
Hampshire st.. near Twenty-fifth.
A YOUNG lady desires position as stenograph
er; neat, accurate and willing; experienced;
moderate salary to begin. Phone Church
7171.
SITUATION wanted by elderly woman to do
assistant housework, city or short distance ln
country; will work for $6 per month. Ad
dress 1404 Mason st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, American, wishes
light housework; small family of adults;
country preferred. Address, Housekeeper, 1
Polk st.
A REFINED young German wishes position as
nursery governess or companion; references.
Box 3511. Call.
WOMAN wants to take washing home; men's
underwear, blankets and curtains. 2685 Mis
sion St.. near Twenty-third.
COMPETENT young lady bookkeeper, stenog
rapher and typewriter desires position. Box
3580. Call.
YOUNG lady from the East, experienced as
nurse, wants place to attend an Invalid or
hospital; best references. Box 3672, Call.
A WOMAN with references desires to do
washing or housework by the day; terms $1
and carfare. Box 3573, Call.
WANTED—A position as chambermaid or as
sistant cook In small family by colored girl.
Box 3586, Call office.
A SWISS girl, a good cook, wants a situation
on a ranch. Apply 1165% Pacific St., between
9 and 12 a. m.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
housecleanlng, $1 50 and car fare. MRS.
OSGOOD, 115 Hayes st.
A SWEDISH girl wishes position at general
housework, plain work or upstairs work; no
postals. 1161 Pacific.
AS caretaker in the home; care of Invalid or
mother's helper with grown children. House
keeper, 890 Page st.; phone Page 2356.
YOUNG, healthy Scotch girl wants position as
wet nurse. 3305 Twenty-fourth St., near
Mission.
A REFINED young German wishes a position
as governess or companion; references. Box
3742. Call office.
LADY takes washing home; open-air dry.
Phone Page 7931.
COLORED woman desires a position aa nurse.
11l Leroy place.
CHILDREN'S nurse wants position; private
family; wages $30 to $35. Box 3439, Call.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes position: American,
Spanish, French; $30, $35. 703 Stockton st.
LADY takes washing home; open-air dry.
Phone Page 7931.
WOMAN wishes work Ift the kitchen of a deli
cacy store. Call at 12 Elwoods st.
GERMAN woman wishes situation as cook. 723
Califcrnia st.
A FAITHFUL Japanese girl desires a position
at housework in a small private family;
wages $3 a week. H. KOZAKO, 1215% Post
et.: phone Larkln 703.
A JAPANESE girl wishes a position as cook
and light houseworker, near Alamo square,
for less than 4 persons In family; wages $4 50.
S. SAKAKI, 1484 Fulton st.
JAPANESE woman wants to work ln small
family; plain cook and housework. Address
1225 Fulton St., rear.
A JAPANESE woman wishes position at gen
eral housework; wages $4 week up. S. MI
YAHARA, 451 Jessie st.; phone Folsom 2742.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
AS medical attendant and masseur to Invalid
or mental patient by experienced and reliable
man under middle arre; of education and
thorough training; best of references; terms
moderate; correspondence solicited. Address
J. J.. box 3570, Call office.
YOUNG man would like a position in country;
has had 2 years' experience on chicken rancn;
willing to work for board and lodging. Box
3212, Call office.
A YOUNG man of 20, with 3 years' experience
In the hardware business, wishes position fill
ing orders or selling goods; city or country;
references. Add. Hardware, box 3567. Call.
A STEADT young man wishes position as cut
ter in a merchant tailoring store. Box 3565,
Call office.
BUTCHER —Young experienced German desires
position; first-class references. 1413 A Scott.
A YOUNG married man, experienced book
keeper and cashier, traveling salesman of
ability, position of trust, where faithfulness
and trustworthiness count; first-class refer
ences; do not use tobacco or liquors. GEO
E. WEATHERBY JR., 142 Woodland aye •
phone Fell 8286.
AS medical attendant and masseur to invalid
or mental patient by experienced and reliable
man under middle age; of education and
thorough training; best of references; terms
moderate; correspondence solicited Address
J. J.. box 3670. Call office.
AA—A FIRST-CLASS painter, paperhanger
tlnter and gralner. desires work by the day
or Job; tools furnished; work guaranteed
prices cheap. 1464 Devisadero st.
SOBER, elderly man wants work; private fam
ily; used to gentleman's place; horses gard
ening; all-round man; references; wages nr,
object. Box 3537. Call. * 0
Scandinavian • Danish) wants situation gard"
ener or man About place; can assist in' house
work; city or country; best references An
drew Johnson, 331 Kearny st., room St'i.
WANTED—By young man, willing and e- ner
getlc. good references, work for eight hours
a day ln the city; warehouse or work of any
sort. Box 3587,Ca11 office. y
STUDENT of Affiliated Collegia wishes to ex
change work for board and room; understand*
cooking: location near park preferred Box
3597. Call office. x
FIRST-CLASS carriage-maker and painter
who Is able to work at >my branch of car
riage-making, wishes position. Box 37'r7
Call office. "- iJI
COACHMAN and gardener (Danish) wishes
5«_ atl «'l n ;. - cl «s recommendations. Box
3549. Call office.
I EKPLOTMEIf" WANTED—MaIS—-Coil.
WANTED —By reliable, middle-aged, married
farmer, position a- working foreman on
stock, grain or fruit ranch; thoroughly ca
pable of taking full charge, having mtu*
stcok, grain and fruit raising a study; tan
furnish references if wanted. Box 3471. Call.
WANTED —Place to care for, as coachman,
gardener, foreman; in any branch of farming,
gardening: also improve new lands, with irri
gation, etc.; experience; reference. Address
box 3390. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a male nurse and
masseur, a graduate of Stockholm. Sweden:
10 ytars' experience tn Chicago, 8 years In
last place; would like position In Institution
or private. Address box 3468, Call.
SCANDINAVIAN (Danish) wants situation aa
gardener or man about place; can assist ln
housework; city or country; best of refer
ences. Address ANDREW JOHNSON. 331
Kearny St.. room 30. S. F.
BAKER with experience wants position on
bread or cakes in city or country; can give
reference. Address WM. R. JANTSSEN. 844
Mission st.
LANDSCAPE gardener wants place. Improve
new grounds, pruning, planting orchards,
vines; California experience; references. Ad
dress box 3484, Call office.
RANCH foreman wants take charge of small
orchard, vines, pruning, lay out new ground*;
California experience; references. Address
box 3486, Call office.
WANTED —A position by an experienced por
ter or shipping clerk; 8 years with last firm,
who has retired from business; references.
Address box 3714. Call office.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation as clerk ln grocery and barroom;
good references. W. BOHLING, 417 Kearny
street.
YOUNG German with experience desires posi
tion in grocery; 3 years in last place; best of
referencea from the same. 201 Montgomery
avenue.
YOUNG man of 28, having 10 years' experience
In store and office; rapid penman, accurate
at figures. Box 3660, Call.
EXPERIENCED man want« a position In a
dairy creamery or cheese factory. Box
3638, " Call office.
AN experienced gents' furnishing goods sales
man desires permanent position; city or coun
try; city references. Box 3539, Call.
A YOUNG Englishman desires position aa
butler or valet; first-class New York refer
ences. Box 3581, Call office.
AN Industrious middle-aged man would like a
place to work a few hours a day. Address 18
Jansen st.
DRAUGHTSMAN and engineer dealres engage
ment; structural and topographical expert
Box 3435. Call office.
EXPERIENCED traveling salesman wants po
sition with local or Eastern mercantile house
or manufacturer. Box 3589. Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener wishes position, ex
perienced, useful, milk, handy with tools;
good references. Box 3584, Call office.
A GOOD, reliable man for private driver or
garden work; references. Address J. J.
HUGHES. 733 Stevenson at.
WANTED—By experienced Englishman, sober
and reliable, position as coachman or second
man; good references. Box 3711, Call office.
RELIABLE man wants position as general re
pairer or taking care of property. J. KANE,
342 Minna st.
YOUNG colored man wishes position as porter
ln barber shop or running elevator. Address
Harry Taylor. 915 Powell; phone Red 142.
EXPERIENCED Janitor wants position; Ger
man-American: strictly sober and reliable;
not afraid to work; non-union. Box 3425, Call.
A GOOD barber wants position for Saturdays
and Sundays. 715 Filbert st.
PORTER wishes position In wholesale house; la
an experienced man. Address box 3598, Call.
CARPENTER, non-union, experience in office
fixtures, wants work. Box 3671, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS grocery clerk wishes position
in store; speaks German. Box 3206, Call.
ALL-ROUND tailor and cutter, sober, wants
position. Box 3698. Call.
YOUNG man desires position as an assistant
bookkeeper cr as clerk. Box 3750, Call.
FIRST-CLASS painter, paperhanger, tinter and
polisher wants,work. VEITH, 718% Grove st.
ACTIVE young carpenter desires employment,
rough or finish, $3 day. Box 3747. Call.
A JAPANESE couple want place; man as good
cook, wife wait on table and housework:
both speak English. Address 2302 Enclnal
aye.. Alameda.
A GOOD Japanese boy wlshea position to do
housework; speaks English: plain cooking
done well; wages $3 50. Address G. S. N.,
1431 Bush st.
A TRUSTWORTHY and competent Japanese
boy. speaks good English, would like a place
as schoolboy; best of reference. Box 3408,
Call office.
A JAPANESE high school student wants a slt
sltuation as schoolboy ln a good family; cook
or waiter: $2 week. K. SAKA, 807 Polk St..
Japanese Mission.
I WISH work in city or country good home;
good cook; nice recommendations; very hon
est Japanese boy; wages $25 a month. HITA
417 Bush st.
JAPANESE boy wants position to run ele
vator; hotel or any place. WALTER ISONO,
628 Stevenson St.; phone Mint 3241.
JAPANESE, honest boy, vents position as
schoolboy: wages, $1 60; general nousework
er. $3 week. F. YAMATO, 1303% Castro at
JAPANESE (experienced) boy wants position aa
schoolboy or half-day's work. FRANK
ohone Polk 3802.
SITUATION wanted by Japanese first-class
butler; thoroughly experienced. REM 407
Post at.
A GOOD Japanese and wife desire work both
good cooks; wife will do general housework:
have references. Address *ox 3588, Call.
A JAPANESE boy wants position at general
housework; understands plain cooking. I.
EVERS. 725 Geary st.: phone Hyde 1588.
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes situation as a
school boy: wages no object. FRANK
OGAWA. 744 Post St., city.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as schoolboy
in a family. OKA, 744 Post st.; tel. Sutter
1731.
A JAPANESE boy wants a position as dish
washer from 8 p. m. HENRY, 1303% Castro.
A JAPANESE boy wants position as schoolboy
Phone Sutter 4132.
A JAPANESE, genteel, honest boy. wishes po
sition as schoolboy. A. 8., 81 Minna st.
JAPANESE good boy wants position as school
boy. K. TAN. 322% O'Farrell st.
A CHINESE (excellent cook) wishes position:
hotel, family, boarding-house or restaurant;
good references. CHARLES WILL. 1113
Clay st.; tel. Black 3658.
A FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants position
in boarding-house; wages $40 to $50. Call at
Wong Yee's. 828 Washington st.
YOUNG Chinese boy wishes a position as cook
or housework in small family. AH FONG,
7 Brenham place.
« YOUNG Chinese cook wants position: first -
class cook; wages $40 to $45. Box 3569, Call.
A CHINESE first-class cook wants position ia
family. SAM, 715V< Uupont st.
i CHINESE boy wishes a position as first-class
I !—-—!■i famll -■ AH XXX - ~ Rrenjiajn^phiee^
___ EC—EM A CUBE.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber Itch that 1 can't cure; a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN. 54 81xth st
*jnAVS TO I_BT.
I
A—HOUSES and flats to let; an immense Hat;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-59 Geary
at., ou the square.
COTTAG-JS, house* and flats to let; every de
sirable vacant place In San Francisco oa
our lists; service absolutely free; let us find
you a place: come ln and let us know what
rent you want to pay and. the locality; "we
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company.
I 1039 Market st.. opp. McAllister.
NEW. swell sunny flats. 6 rooms, to let; every
possible latest convenience; close to the main
entrance to the Park; 6 car lines; one runs
all night. Seventh aye.. n ar Fulton St.; open
11 to 4.
THREE new. elegant, sunny 8 and 6 room
park Hats at 22::. 225 and 227 Parnassus aye.,
near Stsnvan st.; on car line; rents $25.
» $27 50. $27 50.
PAGE. 1272—A desirable, sunny upper flat in
house of two flats.
FOR rent.—Newly decorated flat; 718 Taylor
1 at; rent low. Address box 3568, Call offlo—MUTUAL BISCUIT COMPANY, TO SMALL AD PATRONS—FREE
: FLATS Tj3^J^T--Con«jaw^L_
£_ c RAM EKTO. 2463-_-7—S beautiful new
iiats. ,s . < ar.d S rooms, sun ln every room,
irbls etepe. electric Hsbis, reception ha.l;
rent $35 W UH._
SIX elegant, new. sunny fiats; Just finished; 8,
X and S rr.. tiled bath rs.; sunny stora rs ;
$25, $27 54), $30. $32 50. $37 50. $47 50. Cor. Ist
. _ aye. and Sacramento st.; open 10 a. m. to 5.
xr'.v. elegant flats: latest Improvements; Just
nnlshed; park panhandle. STRAUIi, 630
TEN room*, lour of which are In basement.
sunny: rent $35. 6D> Height st.
FOUR-room fiat; la town; $30. 313 Taylor st.
sIN.NV modern middle fla:, 7 roonia and bata.
■•VI!) Fell st.. near Wstiatlr.
LARGEST '.Ist of houses nnd flats to let. Call
or. LYON A HO AC!. Ufi Montgomery st.
FLATS FOR SALE—FURNISHED.
FULTON, 321—Flat of 0 rooms, nicely fur-
r.ishrd. fur sale cheap.
PIVE, 732—For sale, bargain, part furniture |
flat 5 r. and b.; rent $25; make offer. ' J
FURNITURE WANTED
•WE LL GET YOUR BUSINESS'---VV> pay
the most money for furniture, carpets, office I
fittings, merchandise and houses. MARK J. !
LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market St.. be- !
tween »th and 10th. Phone South 179.
ABE LEVY, !
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761. j
.Don't sell your *urnlture. carpets, office fur
niters, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than '
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H. 1
' • BURP, auc. 1636 Market; phone Jessie 2336. ,
CALL on Alfred Wollpert, 773 Mission St., be- '
:'or« selling your furniture. Phone Red 44-2
rURHTTTJKE FO* SALE.
, HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur
niture, carpets, etc 782 Mission: tel Bush 818.
, FURNITURE ot 4 rooms complete for hskpg.;
' cheap; as whole or any party. 310 A Clement, j
FINANCIAL. I
• "THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid lv $4,600.000 00 ]
. Surplus 940.901 86 |
. • . Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
At par.
.' • . Office—No. 14 Sansome St.,
I*, San Francisco. Cal.
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents: stock
sold; strong Eastern connections; advice free.
..' w rite A. F. HARASZTHY, 522 Crossley bldg.
REALTY Syndicate certificates bought. VAX
• ' RATTAN LOAN CO., 107-8 Crocker bldg.
A • 5535. 3__s_£_s^3E^^
•COOK, no washing, city, $40; cook for Oak
• land. $30; 4 cooks, German style. $30. $35;
housekeeper, city. $25; 2 chambermaids and
■ sowing, $25, $30; French second girl. $25: 4
..waitresses, city and country hotels. $25;
nurse for San Rafael. $30: waitress for res
•' 'taurant, $S week; 3 nursegirls, city. $15. $20;
butler, $40; chamberwork and waiting, coun
•' try hotel, $26; parlor maid. $25; housework,
'2- tn family. $25: man and wife, $50; house
workV Sacramento. $30; and a large number
of housework girls, city and country, $20,
$25. $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT ft CO..
. 334 Sutter st.
COOK and second girl for small family, in
ity, $3<» and $20.
'cek for American family in San Mateo, $35.
■', v\ aitsess for the same family. $30.
erness for one grown child. $35; don't
apply without best of references.
■ %Yai tress and parlor maid, $30.
"hanbermald and seamstreas. $30.
'' Nurse for 2 children, San RafaeL $30.
Four waitresses for first-class hotels, city,
$25 each.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st.
GIRLS to learn halrdressing, manicuring, etc.:
' trade taught from A to Z in 2 wks. j tuition
'$5 v. those entering now; 3 positions to fill
' immediately: positions guar, at $10 per week
. up; only recognized college of its kind on
' coast: day and eve. class. 233 Geary, r. 13.
v. ANTED—GirIs to learn millinery now for
.-. spring season, both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $5; positions aa
' trimmers, salesladies makers, guaranteed at
. $1" per week up: 7 positions to be filled by
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A—PACIFIC College teaches hairdressing.
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognized college of its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re
duced prices. 133 Powell at.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER
ALLS. JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX
PERIENCE NECESSARY; STEADY WORK;
.' GOOD PAY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.. 32ft
• FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
IN OAKLAND. COR. 10TH AND CLAY STS..
. SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON
.' OVERALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECES
\SARY; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS A CO.
. WANTED—Swedish or German girl for gen
eral housework; 3 in family; $20. 635 Sec
. "ond aye.; McAlllster-st. cars.-
TWO Industrious, intelligent ladles wanted;
permanent positions; fair salary: no triflers.
Box 3211, Call.
° WANTED—MiddIe-aged woman for housework
and chamberwork; people home dally. Box
16*9, 1008 Market st.
. FIRST CLASS finishers wanted at once. 401
Minna st.
WANTED—A neat young Protestant girt for
■ ■ general housework. 2215 Van Ness aye.
GJRL assist housework and children; no wash"
■ lng; $10. 4115 Seventeenth St.
GIRL for general housework; German pre
ferred; $20; sleep home. 822 Turk st.
.WANTED—Teacher to go to Nevada to fill
out an unexpired term; $80 per month and
transportation; refs. required. Box 3514,
Call office.
WANTED—GirI for '.ight housework. 711
• Castro st.
° street f ° F BOU, *' w ' er,t - 645 Clayton
•*____»*_? for «* a "* l housework. Apply 506
WANTED—Chocolst- d!:>p_r; $10 to $-"2 ncr
week. Apply KELLER Candy CO Oak!
land, office 477 Seventh st. '
OPERATOR and finishers cr. e-js7o~m vests 509
Kearny st.. room 2.
, LADY clerk wanted for grocery at~9lC Brvant
• ■■ st.; German preferred.
. _CBX_* WAgTBa—MALE.
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU
301-902 Starr King bldg.. 3d fioor, 121 Geary
conducted on Strictly Business Principles
Positions Secured for:
Office men. Assistant bookkeepers
Bookkeeper*. Hotel eierks
6ter.ograpm.-e. Railroad cle-ks !
Office managers. Timekeeper?' '
Correspondent c i er ){s. Collectors. I
Accountants. Bill clerks. /
Buyers. Shipping clerks! I
Traveling salesmen. Law office clerks!
Manager for dept. stores. Entry clerks! !
Cashiers. Cigar clerks. I
Credit men. Dry goods clerks. /
"• Secretaries Receiving clerks. I
General o'flce work ln all lines of business, j
Offices and representatives in other cities. I
Apply American Commercial Bureau.
. 301-3C2 Starr King bldg . 3d floor, J*t Geary. I
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter for R. R. I
office in the country, experience preferred, I
$40 and found, with chance to increase In
salaty; butter-maker, $40 and board, end ]
house for married man: butler. $40 and
found: barber for hotel; man and wife for
4i"rstltu»ion, SDO and found, and others. J. F.
. CROSETT & CO.. 028 Sacramento st.
AT~HORD ft SMITH'S,
Contractors' Agents, 95 Third st.
Plumber, contract, rity.
Plasterer, ccniraec, city.
. Teamrters, bay chore, $2.
Dye mar., experienced, $20.
i-'cljcltora, tea and coffee.
,' MAN and wife for a small private institution,
.• $50. r.>om snd board: references. MISS
•. PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st.
INDEPKnTeN~T ~ EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
*Cl 2 Merchant st. —2 stove plate molders. city;
.2 Trarr t .iters, city.
INTELLIGENT. boy wanted to
' delve delivery wagon. 431% Sixth st.
tCKCH waiters Granted. 35 Stanford, at, bet.
Second and Third, «ff Brannon. *
! IT© ITIT To Our y>t> \
\ ..tf IXJLJU. SMALL AD PATRONS ••IF IVJLaU. j
I HEALTHFUL NOURISHING DELICIOUS
*
MR { y_P/f' _____ a* __««___.' _H ___ ______ H __■_ _■— _i I _____
_■ I_l ___ _r _r *__ II ______
_B __r__B __f' I __■__■
*l We offer to our Small Ad patrons this week the latest Graham Biscuit made. None others are like it and none compare to j
I it in flavor and quality. Graham biscuit are suitable for any meal of the day. Make a dainty reception food and are particularly accept- J
I able to those who do not care for cakes too sweet. I ?
| t They are made by the Mutual Biscuit Company, 610 and 612 Battery street, whose standard of purity and quality in the goods J
: I they manufacture is exceptionally high.. These Graham Biscuit represent the acme of the bakers' art, and are ♦
i Fr ~ to^y t Call Business Office. Third and Market Sts.
: j THURSDAY, FRJDAY or SATURJDAY ==== \
\\ For The SUNDAY CALL OAKLAND OFFICE - - - 1016 BROADWAY
KELP WANTED —MALE —Contimued^
A—MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
Phone Main 6848.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We gave In 1903 1904 we hope to
60.000 men work. Increase 60.000.
SPECIALS.
FOREMAN.
Steam shovel foreman, country; see bosa
here, $100 and found. •
FARMS DAIRIES, ORCHARDS. ETC.
25 farm hands, teamsters, milkers and chore
men and boys. »
HOTEL.
Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, porters, bell
and elevator boys.
Cook and wife, country restaurant. $85: cook
and wife, mine boarding-house. $55 fd.
MISCELLANEOUS.
4 placer miners, north. $45 found.
6 pruners, 75c fare. $26 found.
MURRAY & READY, K34-636 Clay St.
NEW
COMPANY WORK.
STEADY JOBS.
3 men to fire furnace, city Jobs. $2 day.
5 laborers, city jobs, steady company work.
10 pruners. $26 and fd.; waiter, near city,
$8 week and fd.
MURRAY A- READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— BOOKKEEPER.
SEE BOSS HERE.
Bookkeeper, country store, steady job. $75.
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FOREMAN.
Carpenter foreman, to run job near city,
$4 50 day.
Harness-maker, camp, near city. $40 fd.
Engineer, run pumps, ranch, $40 fd.
Man to run carding machine, city, $2 25 day
Night clerk, city lodging-house. $30 ft room
Janitor, hotel city. $80 and room.
MURRAY ft READY, 634-636 Clay at.
FIREMEN. FIREMEN.
FIREMEN.
LABORERS. LABORERS.
TO HELP FIREMEN.
MURRAY ft READY, 634-636 Clay St.
ANDRE'S Office. 317 Stockton et.—Butler
with references. $45 and found: assistant
gardener. $30 and found; Jobbing gardener,
$30 and found, and
MAN under 35 from San Francisco or vicinity
to pre Dare for coming railway mail clerk
examination; good appointments: exceptional
opening. W. L. COFFEY. 465 Parrott bldg.
WANTED—One or two men to learn trade;
must have $10 for security; no Sunday work.
Call 212 First st.
$300— WANTED, partner in Al business; big
profit: light service. 283 Fourth St., barber
shop.
WANTED —Salesman for domestics. Apply Su
perintendent's office. The Emporium. ■
TAILORS —Bushelmen wanted; apply at once.
8. N. WOOD ft CO., 74Q Market st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady. 2007 Mission
Btreet.
Labor debta collected: suits, atUchmfs. Law ft
Adj. Co., W.-F. Ex. bid., cor. 2dftMisslon,r.s22
HOTEL barber shop for sale. 610 Sixth at.
FOR sale—2-chair barber shop. $85: good loca
tion; rer.t $15. Address Call office.
BARBERS'—2-chalr shop for sale; cheap, if
sold by Monday. 1074% Howard st.
BARBERS —Downtown shop for sale or half
j Interest: good lease. Box 3564, Call.
I FOR sale—Barber ahop; 2 chairs; good loca
tlon. J. PORCO. Napa. Cal.
; PLEASANT faced, fine appearing registered
physician and surgeon; must be quite gray,
but active; positively no other; no traveling;
salary $200 or more when well started, call
j at 25 Third at.
i WANTED—Me* and boys to learn plumbing
i trade: Covne Bros. Co. School of Practical
I Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 48.3
-! 7$ Easton aye., St. Louis, Mo.
I WANTED—Men to prepare for railway mall,
j internal revenue and costom-house positions;
( free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti-
I tute. Grant bldg.. 1005 Market; open evga,
i WANTED —Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rclkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st.: 250 rooms; 25c to 60c per night.
WANTED—Man of good address for permanent
position with rt-llable company. Address
MANAGER. P. O. box 271. Sacramento. Cal.
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale: cigar stand
j and laundry; owner going East. 218 Mont
gomery aye. _
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 571 Mission et.. bet. Ist and 2d its.,
or 11 Third at.. Examiner building.
WANTED —Men to fill 360 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec
tric light In every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
TRY our men's shoe*, union made: $1 and $1 50
pair: foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 81 at.. Exam, bid.; open till 9 P.m.
WANTED —Drug clerk. Ellis and Mason sts.
TWO mt-n to learn the barber trade: abso
lutely free; good chance. 751 Mission st.
SAILORS for deep water ships at HERMAN'S,
26 and 27 Stcuart st.
BARBER shop for sale; good location; three
chairs. Irquire at 1202 Fillmore st.
ONE-CHAIR barber shoo for sals. 817 Mont
son—rv ay*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JANUARY 5, 1905.
HELP WANTED—MALE—Continued.
COMPETKNT men wanted—We have the most
complete and successful method for finding
positions; we desire only high-grade men.
who can furnish satisfactory proof of their
qualifications; none but mem specially fitted
for some particular work need apply; com
missions payable only on securing a position.
Commercial Clearance Co.. 415-16 Starr King
building, 121 Geary st.
MB;RCHANTS and manufacturers desiring to
employ cofijcisrcial travelers are requested
to communicate with the secretary of the
Pacific Coast Commercial Travelers' Associa
tion, 416 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.
BARBER shop for sale, cheap. 729 Mission st.
MUST cell: 3-chalr barber shop; good location;
cheap rent; lease. Apply box 3585, Call.
FOR sale—A 2-chalr barber shop. Corner
Fourteenth ' and Folsom sts.
WANTED—Young man to work for his tuition
in S. F. Barber School. 741 Howard st
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st
MEN to learn the detective business; paid
while learning. 997 Market St., room 104.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St., where shoes are re
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mm. 75c
PENSION atty., E. A. Pull is. r. 40, Phelan bid!
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar
ket —700 rooms; 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for tbe recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 571 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
_.-'_; 1 »
SOLICITOR- WABTTEP.
MAN with experience to sell to saloon and
grocery trade; fine article; easy seller: good
pay. Call between 9 and 10 a. m.. 4311. 6th.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col
lege now ready; mailed free upon application
to DR.E.J.CREELY,Pres..SIQ Golden Gate.
CARLOAD gentle business buggy and livery
horses. E. STEWART ft CO., 220 Valencia.
WANTED—To buy a good and stylish road
horse. Address box 3297, Call office.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st
HOUSES TO^IiET.
A—PRINTED list of houses to let; send"for"chP
cular. G. H. UMBSEN ft CO., 20 Montgomery.
UNFURNISHED or partly furnished home;
Presidio Heights; 8 rooms and bath. Box
737. Call office.
HOUSE 8 rooms and bath Inquire 126
Eddy et.
HOUSES FURNISHED —FOR SALE.
14 ROOMS, furnished, for sale; good-paying
house; price to suit party. 491 Fourth st.
TURK, 124 —Eight rooms, nicely furnished;
yard; will sell at a sacrifice.
_y_m___nrr» waxtte-k
WANTED—4-room apartment; state rates and
accommodations. Box 3398. Call.-
HOTELS.
HOTEL BALTIMORE, 1015 Vsn Ness aye.—
This first-class hotel, now being conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
season or year. Location Is unsurpassed. The
equipments are all modern, with every con
venience. The rooms are large, sunny and
comfortable: superb view; furnishings are all
elegant. Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel La ogham,
New York, and Moana Hotel. Honolulu.
___WS_A___o__r_ BUILDING.
BLILDINO CONSTRUCTION COMPANY. ~~
Installment homes, 612 Callaghan building,
will build oh your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your ln
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
XHVESTMENTS.
A FEW shares of the first sold stock in the
La Zacualpa Rubber Co. for sale at a bar
gain. Room 6, Columbian bldg.
_Q_» AWT) FOTJ-rP.
LOST —A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of WILLIAM J. WORKMAN. No.
284-1221. The finder will please return to
bank.
11. party who Jound black purse with small
brass buckler on each side, containing call
ing cards and several other articles, will re
turn to the penny auditorium they will re
ceive reward.
LOST —Sunday afternoon, Dee. 11. at beach,
south of Park, black Scotch collie bitch.
Suitable reward If returned to 1326 Forty
ninth aye.. Boulevard station, or for inform
ation of whereabouts.
LOST, atraved or stolen—On the evening of
Dec. 27. from 11th St., bet. Washington and
Broadway, a dark brown gelding, about 4
yeans old. branded "47" under mane; new
harness; runabout, black body, red wheels;
black robe and nose bag; reward of $20 for
return to KARL H. NICKEL, rooms 62-63
Bacoti building. Oakland.
LOST —On Wednesday, December 28. going
from Pacific aye. and Octavia st. to Jack-, n
and Buchanan, child's pin. wreath j:if Mar
guerites. Reward if returned to 2126 Jackson.
LOST In the Emporium, bet. 4 and 5. a bank- .
book with envelope addressed Unice Leasing,
guardian of Frederick Lassing. Return to
Matt I. Sullivan, room 610. Parrott bldg.
LOST—A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of MARY McNAMEE, No. 260-1197.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST—Jan. 1, bet. 12.20 and 1:30 a. ro., plain
gold watch. Waltham make, small dent in
side of case; valued as gift. Liberal reward
if finder will address box 3559. Call office.
LOST on Birch aye.—Ladies' gold watch on
black silk fob: letters N. F. C. on case. Re
turn to 28 Birch aye. and receive reward.
LOST—From 2900 Pacific aye., a black cocker
spaniel answering to name "Mingo." Re
ward given to party returning him.
LOST—Black morocco satchel; initial R. Re
turn to 237 Webster st.; reward.
LOST—lrish setter dog; answers to name of
Dick. Return to 1869 Page st.: reward.
LAUNCHES FOR HIKE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
St.: for pleasure and business: tel. Bush 534
MEDICAX.
LADIES who are in trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Francisco
who has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience without a failure has
put him ft thfc head. He guarantees relief
or no pay.
DR. WHITE, 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL—AII who are sick or I
ln trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu
nate helped; the meet difficult cases treated;
every case taken: immediate relief; no poi
soning drugs: low fees: my methods will cure
all cases of irregularity; by consulting me
save time and money. Advice free. Office,
1018 Market st.
LADIES —Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor yet
the oldest specialist here, but 1 AM a RE
LIABLE graduate physician. When in trou
ble confide in me. Irregularities relieved:
the unfortunate helped: I promise best atten
tion and no danger; 1 guarantee prompt re
sults or no charge. Room 1. Est. 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 305 Kearny st.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr
inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for alt fe
male troubles and irregularities; instant re
lief guaranteed. 100SV4 Market st., opp. sth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
ALL cases of female irregularities relieved at
once; guaranteed treatment, $10; 30 years'
successful experience. DRS. GOODWIN, 850
Market st., opp. Fourth, room 37.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladies' specialist, removed
from 1118 Market to 838 Mission st., near
Fourth; home ln confinement; 25 years' expe
rience; best medical attention; low fees.
DR snd MRs7DAVI ES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1226 Market.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2996 Folsom at., corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
mta i ii _■■«_■ Jap wkivow-,• _
TO order —renovated, dlalnfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st.; phone South 216.
FOB SALE.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAKT
Have you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or iron
roof T Cover it with Mastic Roofing. It Is best
tor old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about It. Elaterite Roofing Co., 713 Market.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale at.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-haad machinery. MdN
TOSH ft WOLPMAN. 198-197 Fremont st.
A—BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITE LAW. 253-265 Spear st
ACETYLENE gas plant for sale, and I am go
ing to sell it; you know the rest. J. E.
LEWIS. Rosa. Marin Co.. Cal. t
A GOOD billiard table and one dosen fancy
tip cues at a bargain. 627 Bast Twelfth
St., Oakland.
HANDSOME new white fox stole, value $30,
accept $15. 376 Fifth aye., Richmond Dist.
FOR sale cheap—Alaska icebox, Bx4; almost
new. Call 717 Larkln at. J
MISCELLANEOUS—FOR SALE—Con.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry sold on
credit by paying one-fifth down, balance pay
able at your own convenience. Pacific Jew
elry Co., 21 Stockton st.. second floor.
REPUTABLE place to rent genu' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suite.* J. COOPER
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel.)
TRY our men's shoes at $X and $1 50 pair; -
foot-form shoes at $2 50; w« pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont
gomery St.. room 12. upstairs.
SAFES and cash registers- new and second
ban 1. I FREEMAN. 13iS Market st.
A VERY fine sealskin coat for sale at a bar
gain at Portland Jewelry Co.. 26 Stockton st.
21 '-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash, ,
plumb, material. Tbe Dolaa Co., 1607 Market.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission st.; tel. Bouth 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental; ,
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post at. ,
SAFES—New and second-hand. THE HER- .
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery at. •
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Main 413.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J E. DQAK. 46 Fremont St.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAAA--Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast
off clothing. Tel. Davis 828. C5O Sacramento at.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER ft CO., r. 405. Adams
bldg-. 208 Kearny at.; phone Black 3036.
Highest orices paid for ladles' and gents' cast
off clothing. Ttlton. 154 9th; tel. Jessie 3916.
USE (exclusive) of private letterbox desired by
agent; low rent. Box 3566, Call.
PAYS special price cast-off fancy ladies' dress,
es, gents' clothes. 922 Folson.; tel. Red 77.
MONEY TO LOAH.
A AAA A—A CONFIDENTIAL and reputable
olace to borrow money on the following:
Salaries.
Life insurance policies.
Chattel mortgages.
Undivided interests.
Goods in bond.
Legacies.
Second and third mortgages.
Estates ln orobate.
Life estates.
Rents.
Special department for leans to ladies on
their notes.
telvate offices for ladiea and gentlemen.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton st.. near Market.
2d floor. Phone Bush 484.
AAAA—THE Portland Jewelry Co. will make
you very liberal loans on your diamonds,
sealskin or any valuables at the low rate of
two (2) per cent per month; If you do not
wish to call, phone us 'phone Bush 484) and
the manager of our loan department will call
on you; all business strictly confidential
25 STOCKTON ST.. NEAR MARKET."
Private offices at 21 Stockton st, 2d floor.
N. B.—The only loan office west of New
York, that has a fire and burglar proof vault
on the premises; free use of same to all cus
tomers.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 6Vs AND 6 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es
tates in probate, undivided interests in prop
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests In property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
3u!te 107-108 Crocker bldg.; prone Main 5924.
AAA—HERMAN _URPHT,
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
Ist, 2d or 3d
Mortgagee, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest-
Give full particulars
of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
978 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market and 27 Third.
A—ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate:
Ist or 2d mortgages or on any security; any i
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36. t
MONEY to loan at tow interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth at.
PRIVATE —Money loaned on salaries without
security: diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan C 0.,523 Parrott bid.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co.. 420 California at, rooms 14 and 15.
TO on tinned.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities. TOLMAN, 553 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal: other security; fairest
rates; strictly confidential; no comrols. Na
tional Credit Co.. 606 Donoboe bid.. 8 Taylor.
I PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 28 Montgomery, rm. 21.
SALARIED people on note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 MkL
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Say. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds ft Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S F. Collateral Loan Bank, 588 Kearny.
3% ON furniture ft pianos; $15 up: nosremoval:
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy at.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser MORRELL. Qc9 Examiner building.
MTPSICAX nreTBTrMB-TTg.
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS.
1 Haake $38; 1 Decker, $48; 1 Stoddard. $110;
1 Fischer. $125.
ALSO
1 Sterling. 1 Steinway, 1 Cartas, 1 Vosa, 1
Weber 1 Haines, and many ethers. Easy pay
ments. BENJ. CURTAZ ft SON, 16 O'Far
rell st.
A GREAT opportunity—We are closing out
our entire Seattle stock ln S. F. at prices
never heard of before; all makes; your
terms are our terms; rents $2 up; allowed if
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. 238-237
Geary st.. S. F.; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
PARTY must sell large Steinway upright: cost
$700; price $285; will accept payments: no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary et.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent $3
per month: one year's rental allowed it pur
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 660 Hayes st.
$60 UPRIGHT; one $30 upright; one good
square. $20. HORNUNG. 218 McAllister st.
A SMALL Steinway upright: cost $500; $185
takes It. 237 Geary st.
FISCHER upright; cost $350: will sell for $96
237 Geary st,
ELEGANT uprights.new ft 2d-hand.s4s to $500
Pierces Piano Factory. Market and 14th ats.
SOHMER Byron Mauzy pianos Cecelian piano
pUyer, BYRON MATUZT. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay
ments. SCHMITZ ft CO.. 16 McAllister st.
S - PEDAL Steinway up; Chtckering baby grand:
Shoninger. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell
OFFICES AND STORESJFO^JLJST.
STORE to lease at 111 Ellis st. Apply at
barber shop.
PEBBONAI4I. -~,-J - J - .n j- X Lrjl. r u- L r
HUM AN IZED^'' RA DIUM 1 ' TREATMENT.
"THOUSANDS" have been promptly, suc
cessfully treated for various alleged Incur
able diseases, including over TWELVE
HUNDRED cases of TOTAL DEAFNESS
Multitude of "testlmoniala," also REFER
ENCES to grateful patients. Consultation
free, terms moderate. 1 Fourth at. (up
stairs), corper Market.
SPECIAL BETWEEN SEASON LOW RATES
this week tor facial bautlfylng; a face with
out a wrinkle with the contour and fresh
color of youth may be had through my
scientific treatment: consultation and book
let f "____J_[__J___]__y HARRIS. 128 Geary st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im
proves its growth,stops falling,cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists',hairdressers' .ac
cept no substitute. Star Remedy C 0..1338 Polk
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres, dealer in
carpet twine in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth st.. Oakland.
RUGS made from old carpets; ingrain, brus
sels, tapestry and moquette: chenille curtains
woven into new rugs. Fluff Rug Factory,
862 Market St.. Oakland: take West Bth car.
HAIR growers. Are you using the right one?
Best recipes and treatment for each kind of
baldness. All 26c. Box 14. Sheepranch. Cal.
FANCY and -silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, eatab.
1899. 2122 Fillmore st.; phone Geary 2083.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, over
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS',
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
INFANTS adopted; housekeeping rms If de
sired. Dr. Funke. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
MRS DR. GWYER. 511 A Leavenworth st.. be
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS, 1127
; Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
! ONE dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed: electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton, 369 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, r. 38.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress panta. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont,
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN ft CO.. 733 Mkt
PERSONALS—Con tinned.
TOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post st.. near Powell.
ALS*R__»UM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Ita natural color. $1 at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office for The Call for the recep
tion of adve. ttpament* and subscriptions has
been opened a: 100k Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until tl p. m.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C. C O'DONNELL—Office and residence.
10211. Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu
lar attention paid to diseases of waaaen.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073t. Market st.
REMOVED—DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; fog
past four years at 115-117 Mason st.. now lo
cated at 667 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor—All dis
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES ln EARS
positively cured; new methods: one week s
treatment free. Dr. Cottingham, 9 Powell.
PATBHTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at
torney-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg . 532 Market
: PUHGHA.BING AGENCIES.
CLARA B. JEWETT, purchaalng agent; coun
try orders a specialty: correspondence solicit
ed 305 Larkin st . tvom 49: tel. South 310.
HEAL ESTATE— -CVITT—T^OM^JBiAXJL_
a. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery at.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of investment, residence and unimproved prop
erties will be held Tuesday. January 10. 1305.
at our salesroom. 20 Montgomery St., at l
o'clock, noon.
CHOICE CORNER RESIDENCE.
2315 California St.. SE. cor of Midd4e St..
bet. Webster and Fillmore sts.; a well built
and nicely finished residence of 9 rooms and
bath; basement containing 2 rooms; lot 25x
87:6.
CALIFORNIA STREET RESIDENCE.
2125 California St., bet. Laguna a*4 Bu
chanan sts.e. a two-story residence of ten
rooms and bath, ln good order; lot 24x137:8/
a very residence section.
PINE STREET RESIDENCE.
19C9 Pine St.. bet. Octavia and Laguna sts..
desirable two-atory residence of 9 rooms and
bath; key lot. 27:6x120.
SACRAMENTO STREET RESIDENCE.
3421 Sacramento sL, bet. Walnut and Laurel
sts.; new residence of 9 rooms and bath;
modern in every respect: lot 28:6x100.
A. SACHS ESTATE.
Executrix Sale. _
2114-21144 Baker st., east line. bet. Wash
ington and Jackson sts.; 2 flats of 8-6 rooms
and bath each; rents $62 50 per mo.; lot 25x
100.
LAGUNA STREET INVESTMENT.
2914-2916 Laguna St.. east line. bet. Union
and Filbert sts.; improvements consist of a2
story a welling of 8 rooms and bath, also cot
tage of 4 rooms, and brick stable in rear; large
lot. 55x137:6 irr.
MISSION FLATS.
4030-4032 Army St.. north line. bet. Sanehex
and Noe ut* ; 2 flats of 4 rooms and bath
each; rents $21; lot 2«:8xll4.
PARK BUILDING LOTS.
Oak St.. south line. bet. Baker and Broderick
sts.; 2 choice lots overlooking the park pan
handle, size 25x137:6 each.
CHOICE BUILDING LOT.
Alpine St., west line. bet. Duboce aye. and
14th St.; choice lot. 25x90.
BARTLETT STREET RESIDENCE.
431 Bartlett st., east line, bet. 26th and
26th sts.; a comfortable residence of 13 rooms
and bath, inlaid floors, etc.: nice_ lawn and
garden; stable in rear; lot 52:0x117:8.
GOLDEN GATE PARK EXTENSION
BOULEVARD.
SW. cor. Point Lobos and 14th ayes.; ten
choice building lots fronting the boulevard
drive from Golden Gate Park to Presidio,
making this very choice residence property;
also cottage with barn, well, windmill, and
lot 250x120 Irr; rent. $25 per mo.
TERMS—OnIy one-third cash, balance can
remain at 6 per cent, payable in one or two
years.
For catalogue and further particulars apply
at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO.,
20 Montgomery st.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
|1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice iota, Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; oa grade;
close to fine school and Mission-st. electrio
cars; bound to double ln value.
$406 each on Installments of $10 per month;
no taxes; fine lots, near Ocean boulevard;
beet residence location south of Golden Gate
Park; these are tbe cheapest lots in this dis
trict; advancing In price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery st., r. 8. Phone Main 570*.
$80,000~
CLOSE TO GEARY AND TAYLOR.
Nearly 70 ft. front by 137:6 ft. deep.
Has rear frontage.
Excellent site for improvement and positive in
crease in value.
Present old Improvements pay $230 a month;
could pay better.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
5 MONTGOMERT ST.
OCEANSIDE cottage: a bargain: neat 4-room,
cottage on 48th aye.; lot 25x114; $1700; $100
cash, balance like rent. Price reduced fcr
quick sale. W. N. RUSSELL, 301 California
at.. San Francisco. Cal.
$350 EACH; cheapest lots in the city; in the
best part of the Mission; sewer, gas and
water. Address, Owner, Box 3568, Call.
SPECIAL bargains this week. RIANDA *
CO.. 627 Montgomery at.
FOR sale—Two lots. Richmond; moderate;
must be sold. Room 300, 708 Market st.
GOOD work our motto; prices moderate. AHL
• BACH — MAYER, plumbers. 83H Howard st
REAL jmVA~St— COTJirT»T---'or Hade.
" ~ INCOME FARM.
One of the best hog and stock ranches in
Northern California: 1920 acres slightly roll
ing land. 200 acres level alfalfa land, with
large reservoirs for water; good house of *
rooms and bath; fine barns: blacksmith shop,
poultry houses: all lighted by electricity; nu
merous wells with electric motor for pump
ing; all hog-tight fenced: everything flrst
class; all farming Implements; wagons, har
ness saddles, etc.: 10 acres orchard: only
Vi nille from railroad station and good town;
will Include 148 head of cattle. 226 hogs,
many spring calves and pigs. 8 horses, 40
tons hay; 100 acres planted to grain; per
sonal property and stock worth $5000 cash;
a rare opportunity for Investment; price only
$15 000; terms. o*ooo cash: send for
complete description. CHATFIELD A VIN
ZENT, 228 Montgomery st.. S. F. '
$5000—80 ACRES of land, all under cultiva
tion with improvements, in orchard sectloa
of Sutter County; only three miles from
county seat and on line of new irrigation
ditch.
A snap if taken soon, but will not keep.
M. J. NEWKOM.
406 Second St.. Marysville. Cal.
FOR sale—2Bo acres, all tillable land; 2 miles
from S P. R- 2ft mliee from coast, on,
main line between S. F. and Los Angele.;
San Luis Obispo County; In rich valley ot
Huerro River: deep, rich loam soil. 8 feet
deep- 80 acres of this is little rolling, but
easily cultivated; no nouse or barn; fins
i well of water; refused $10,000 short whlls
ago; price now $8000, as must toWtmft,
I CAMERON A CO.-—-Phone South 1080.
3 Eddy st. cor. Market and Powell.
ATTENTION, HOMES EE KERB!
Send postal for catalogue of the best land
bargains in California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
1 648 Market at. -
; co.NTRA COSTA County Real Estate for sale.
Send for list. D. J- WEST. Martines. Cal.
> A WEEK'S news for 8 cents—The Weekly Call,
16 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
at* j*£tw»j**a^^
Sewer and water pipes laid.
Pure artesian water.
Lots $400 and np.
Outside the fog belt.
$10 to $60 down and $16 per month.
Go down and Investigate.
Maps sent on application.
SELBT. RODGERS A CO .
Main 673. 116 California st.
Also at I>omita Park.
g t
For Additional Classified Advertise,
stents See Pace It.
1112
: E-MHUBBT REAL ESTATE.
Mii'O—ACREAGE; 8 to 10 acre tracts. $600
per acre; on S. P. R. R. track.
$1000—4-room house and lot;,bath, pantry and
toilet; half block from electric cars.
•If you want suburban property see JAMES
J. O'TOOLE. Elmhurst.
__—
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
FOR sale at great sacrifice— Two-story house.
S rooms; lot 153x207; must be sold by JOth;
..wrier going East; no reasonable offer refused;
• ' is situated 1 block north of Corbin station.
West Berkeley. T. J. BEVIS, on premises.
/>:, ROOMS; modern; lot 40x75: fine location in
South Berkeley; 4 blocks from Key Rout*:
S2t;itf>. *200 cash, balance like rent. A\. N.
RUSSELL, 301 California St.. San Eranclscc
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'M'TS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
THIS IS A BARGAIN!
THIS IS A BARGAIN!
St*■oo— Worth $7500. $0000— Worth $7500.
$6000- Worth $7500. $6000—Worth $7500.
*• . MUST BE SOLO.
MUST BE SOLD.
The choicest and most sightly lot ln Pied
mont; 100 feet frontage on two streets by a
4cpth* of over 800 feet; all street work com
plete; surrounded by elegant residences; con
venient to cars; grand view of Golden Gate,
San Francisco, Marin hills, the bay and Oak
land - easy terms; must be sold.
J. H, MACDONALD A CO..
1052 Broadway, Oakland, CaL
• S
BAR') A IN'
$0000 will buy a fine $8000 home.
MUST BE SOLD.
' . MUST BE SOLD.
Fine home of 9 rooms and all conveniences
• sorrounded by palms: lot 160 feet front: loi
. surrounded by three streets; on electric line
almost entirely free from fogs; climatic con
.. dltlons unexcelled.
If you wish a fine sheltered home see thii
property. It Is ln the Piedmont district.
For particulars see
J. H. MACDONALD A CO..
1052 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
ELEGANT residence lots. 40x120 and 40x20C
each, in Piedmont district; 3 short blocks tc
"Key route" depot; one block from Broad
way; elevated ground; fine view: street
■work complete; entirety new neighborhood;
80 minutes to San Franclsco; # convenlent to
Country Club.
'FOR PRICES AND TERMS SEE
J. H. MACDONALD A CO.,
1062 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
U C THIS!
IF TOU ARE LOOKING FOR A SNAP IN
A FIRST-CLASP ELEGANT HOME, HOUSE
OF 9 ROOMS; I.OT 60x150: FINE MARINE
VIEW- TERRACED LAWN: STONE STEPS.
.WALKS AND WALL WITH IRON FENCE
'" AROUND ENTIRE PROPERTY: 5 OAK AND
MAPLE MANTELS; OAK FINISH IN HALL
AND DINING ROOM: CONSTRUCTION
■ GUARANTEED. AS'THIS WAS THE FOR
MER HOME OF OUR GOVERNOR AND
HT lIT OF THE BEST MATERIAL MONEY
COTJLD BUY. PRICE ONLY $6250. EASY
TERM?
$4200—New, modern store and flat; a rare
chance to get a good piece of business
property located at the terminus of Key
Route: flat rented under two years' lease
at $30 per month; store will rent for $25
per month; good opening for any kind of
business.
14100 buys a new 7-room house, sll modern lm.
provements, pillared archway to parlor,
pan°l dining-room; situated in the most
aristocratic neighborhood of Oakland; this
Is certainly a snap. See
KREISS A HORSWILL.
1070 Broadway. Oakland.
CHEAP LOTS—CHEAP LOTS.
What Next?
Closing Out What's Left.
$50 a Lot. Jessie Jones Tract
$75 a Lot. Westall Tract.
$75 Laurel Grove Park.
$125 Florence Jones Tract.
$100 Gallndo Tract.
Any one of these lots may be a fortune for
your little one: $5 cash, $1 50 monthly; ad-
Joining East Oakland; no fogs nor raw winds
here; all Al lots; call or send for circular.
455 Seventh St.. opposite Broadway station,
Oakland. Carriage free.
H. Z. JONES. Owner.
NICE modern house, nearly new; near Lake
Merritt; close to new street car extension,
just in operation, greatly increasing value;
' ' 7 rooms; lot 55x232: price reduced to $3000,
• '$200 caatl, balance like rent.
9 rooms; modern; lot 50x100; lying high
with cement retaining wall; ln East Oak
land, near new Key Route service; $3500,
' V $300 cash, balance like rent.
Mansion In Fast Oakland; 14 rooms; 6
lota; suitable for sanitarium or private hos
pital; $6500. Easy term?;
W. N. RUSSELL.
301 California st., San Francisco. Cal.
$3400 REDUCED from $2750 to make imme
diate sale to close estate; 6-room house and
barn; vines, trees, etc.; lot 50x120; corner
11th aye. and 23d st.. East Oakland. DR. F.
G. BAIRD. 502 Sutter St., San Francisco.
A SNAP -choice lot. 110x125, SW. cor. 21st I
and Myrtle st*.; will be sold as a whole or
.in subdivisions: sold to settle an estate. 1453
Myrtle st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOB SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni
ture. H. Scheihaas. 11th Bt..eor.store.Oakland j
San Francisco Advertisem't's
ROOMS FOB HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHANAN, Nice furnishedi^oomV;~alao
use of kitchen; reasonable.
DE LONG aye., 155. Ashbury Heights—One
largo alcove room, 4 windows: gas, bath and '
tubs, also small room for cooking; rent $12.
DOLORES. 984—2 or 3 furnished rooms for j
housekeeping; basement; gas; cars pass door.
EDDY. 743—Two sunny well furnished house- j
keeping rooms; gas range, yard, etc.
FELL. 228—NlceTy furnished suite housekeep
mt; central; $14; bath; gas range; adults. !
GEARY. 1225—Fine, sonny, bay-window suite;
al! conveniences; nice marine view; also :
other choice rooms; reasonable.
GROVE, 32—Unfurnished rooms for housekeeo- i
ing. F <
HOFF aye., 31, bet. Sixteenth and Seventeenth
Sts.—Nice sunny room; light housekeeping. !
HOWARD, 640—Front sun. suite.grate, 2 beds !
$3 50 wk.; hskpg.prlvate kltch.; no children! j
HOWARD. 737V4. Manila House—Sunny front j
suite 2 rcoms; toal stove.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Bunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heated, 1
electric lighted; free baths; rates reasonable!
LIBERTY. 502—2 unfurnished sunny rooms for ;
light housekeeping, use of bath.
MARTHA place. 2, off Geary, nr. Taylor—2 •
unfurnished rooms for housekeeping.
MCALLISTER. 1953—Three sunny houseaeepl !
. ing rooms; bath and laundry; new flat; $16.
MISSION. 1520—Two completely furnished
rooms fcr housekeeping; gas; rar.ge.
OAK. 117—Rooms, complete, housekeeping; $5
to $12; gas range; hot bath: adults.
OAK GROVE aye.. 19, bet. Fifth and
connecting rooms; gas; bath; laundry.
OCTAVIA. 1232—1 or 2 housekeeping rooms,
rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 208— Three nicely furnished, sun
ny rooms. 3 beds; gas range; yard.
POLK. 1643, cor. Clay—2 nicely furnisheTsuii"- j
ny front rooms, S18; 2 back rooms. $12. j
STEVENSON. 255—Single room. Sl: front room !
for tailor or florist; housekeeping; complete- I
$1 75.
THIRD, 522—Front sunny room, complete for j
housekeeping: rent $7.
MOSS, 13, off Howard, near 7th—2 rooms, fur- i
nished complete for housekeeping.
A BRANCH office of The Call for Ihe recep- j
tlon of advertisements ana subscriptions hae
been opened at 1008 Market st., opposite I
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. |
BOOKS TO LET—Fum. and TJnfum. j
ATKINS, corner Third et. and Park lane—New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water; electric lights; only first-class house
In locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
A—BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.—Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 26 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)—Rooms, 25c to 60c, $1. $1 60 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store; 2 en
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk—Electric
lights, running water in every* room; 260
rooms; 26c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
rooms TO let—Earn, and Unfurn.
CALIFORNIA, 1264—Nice sunny front room;
running water; large closet; nice location.
DE LONG aye., 156, Ashbury Heights—One
lan;? alcove room, 3 windows; gas, bath and
tubs, also small room for cooking; rent $12.
. |
EDDY, 871—Newly furnished rooms, suitable
for one or more gentlemen; reasonable; bath,
running water; phone East 1174.
EDDY, 1254—A large, commodious room, suit
able for two gentlemen; modern house; hot
baths; $8 per month. "
GEARY, 878—Large back room; 2 closets;
grate, etc.; $10 per month.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 357—Newly fUrn., sunny
suites; also single rooms; $2 to $5 week; bath.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission—Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 60 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HOWARD, 715—Furnished rooms, single or
double; central location.
LARKIN. large room, complete for
housekeeping; rent $10.
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth)—Sunny rooms;
$2 50 to $7 week; baths; elevator; also hkpg.
MCALLISTER. 14—Large, light, sunny rooms. ]
unfurnished: suitable housekeeping; reason- |
able; elevator. |
METROPOLITAN Hotel, 129 Third St.—4oo j
single and family rcoms 35c to $1 50 per day, !
$2 to $8 week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house ln San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold .
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
ln every room and gives free baths and ele
vator service day and night to Its guests.
MISSION, 1607, nr. Twelfth —Sunny single fur
nished front room. $5; other room; gas, bath.
OAK, 42. nr. Market— Nicely fur. sunny front
parlor, suitable for 2 ladles or married couple
O'FARRELL. 208 —Nicely furnished, sunny
front rooms; also single; $2 50 to $6 week.
O'FARRELL, 230—Nice sunny rooms, single i
or double; house changed hands.
POLK, 1243 —Nicely furnished sunny room;
also small ones; gas; phone; $1 and $2 25
per week.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis—lncandescent lights;
reading-room, smcking-room and ladles' par
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; b\ths. j
TURK. 123—Clean, sunny fum. rooms, with ■
board: suite or single; housekeeping; $5 up.
VENDOME. 1104 Market—Fum. rooms, suit
or single: suites $5 week up. 15 Turk.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy. nr. Market—4oo '
rooms 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec- ;
trie lights (no gas), running water ln every j
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus, baggage.
VAN NESS a\r\. H>Os Sunny rooms to let. j
furnished or unfurnished.
WASHINGTON, 102">H. near Mason—Nicely |
furnished rooms, en suite or single.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., nr. Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
•lee. lights; reading-room; free bus, baggage. .
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep- I
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has !
been opened at ICOB Market St., opposite .
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at '
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sta.
SOOMS AHE BOABS.
HOTEL L'AIGLON. 601 Geary at—Large,
sunny rooms, board; suites, with beard for 2.
$50 mo.; single, with board. $25 up; special
family rates. Just renovated.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1031, near Jefferson j
Park Eurn. front rooms; bath; prlv. house;
good board; $20; two, $32-$36 month.
CALIFORNIA. 807—Best rooms, table and ser
vice in the elty for the least money.
COMORA iThe). C2l O'Farrell—Quiet, homey;
rates, service, table satisfactory; billiards.
ROOMS AH—i BOARD WANTED.
WANTED—Room and board for 2 adults; state
rates and location. Box 3103. Call office.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE—The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco—At a regular meet
ing of the Board of Directors of this bank,
held January 3, 1905, a dividend for the
quarter year ending December 31, 1904, was
declared, at the rate of seven (7) per cent |
per annum, payable on and after the 10th 1
instant; transfer books will be closed from
the H)th to the 16th instant, both days in
clusive. GEO. GRANT, Secretary. San
Francisco, Cal., Jan. 5. 1905.
DIVIDEND NOTICE —Central Trust Company.
42 Montgomery street—For the six months
ending December 31, 1904. dividends have
been declared on the deposits ln the savings
department of this company as follows: On
term deposits at the rate of 3 6-10 per cent
per annum, and on ordinary deposits at the
rate of 3\4 Per cent per annum, free from
taxes and payable on and after Tuesday.
January 3. 1905.
H. BRUNNER. Caehler.
1
DIVIDEND Notice—£an Francisco and Subur
ban Home Building Society, sth floor. Mutual
Savings Bank buiidiuc, 708 Market St., op
posite Third st—For the half-year ending
December 31. 1904, a dividend has been de
clared at the rate per annum of ten (lu> per
cent on capital stock and participating cer
tificates, free from taxes, payable on and
after Monday January 2. 190 C.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD, Manager.
J. M. DUKE. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice—California Safe Depoelt
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts. —For the six months ending
December 31. 1904. dividends have been de
clared on the deposit: in the savings depart
ment of this company as follows: On term j
deposits, at the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per
annum, and on ordinary deposits at the rate
of 3 per cent per annum, free of taxes, and
payable on and after Tuesday. January 3.
1905. J. DALZELL BROWN, Manager.
DIVIDEND NOTICE: The Giant Powder
Company, Con.—A dividend. No. 73. of fifty |
cents (50c) per share on the Issued capital !
stock of the company has been declared pay- {
able n* the office of the company, rooms i
202. 204 and 206. Hayward bldg.. San Fran- !
Cisco, on Jan. 10 1905. Transfer books cloae 1
Jan. 3. 1905. at noon. C. C. QUINN, Sec. j
DIVIDEND NOTlCE—ltalian American Bank,
corner Montgomery and Sacramento sts.—
For the half-year ending December 31. a
dividend has been declared at the rate of
3',& per cent per annum on all savings de
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday, January 3. 1905. A. SBARBORO,
President; A. E. SBARBORO, Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Savings Bank, now at 626 Market
street, opposite Palace Hotel, for the half
year, ending December 31, 1904, has declared
a dividend on deposits at tbe rate of three
and one-quarter (3%) per cent per annum,
free of taxea; payable on and after Tues
day, January 3. 1905.
W. E. PALMER. Caahier.
, . PROPOSALS.
MAMKACTURE of clothing—Office Depot
Quartermaster, 36 New Montgomery St.. San
Francisco. Cal.. Jan. 4. 1905—Sealed propo- ;
sals, in triplicate, subject to usual condl- j
tionf, will be received here until 10 o'clock
a. St., Pacific' standard time, on Friday, J
.January 20, 1905, and then opened, for tnanu- I
facturing 3600 pairs of dress trousers (the j
Quartermaster Department furnishing the ;
materials), as per specifications to be seen ;
at this of6ce. Further information and blank
proposals will be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals to be mark
ed: "Proposals for Trousers. No. 10,499."
to be opened January 20 1905, and ad
dressed to MAJOR C. A.' DEVOL. Q. M.,
U. 8. A.. Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for box lockers—Office Depot
Quartermaster, 36 New Montgomery st., San
Francisco. Cal.. Dec. 7, 1904—Sealed pro- I
posals in triplicate, subject to usual condi- I
tions, v.'ill be received h«re until 10 o'clock
a. m., Friday. Jan. «, 1905, and then opened,
lor furnishing 5000 box lockers (more or less)
ut the Sau Francisco depot. The United
States reserves the right to accept or reject
any or all bids or any part thereof. In
formation and blank proposals will be fur
nished on application. Envelopes containing
proposals/to be marked, "Proposal for box
lockers. No. 9400," and addressed to MAJOR
c. A. DEVOL. Q. M.. U. S. A.. D?pot Quar
termaster.
NOTICE Is hereby given that Bealed bids will
be received at 16 South Hall. Berkeley, on
or before 12 noon, January 14, for the plumb
ing for California Hall, as per plans and
specifications on file at said office. No bids
will be considered unless accompanied by a
certified check or bond In favor of the un
dersigned, equal to 10 per cent of the bid,
with sufficient sureties, conditioned that, if
the bid be accepted, the bidder will enter
into a contract faithfully to perform the ob
ligations in accordance with said bid and
with eaid plans and specifications. The right
to reject any or all bids Is hereby reserved.
The Regents of the University of California.
SEALED proposals will be received at the of
fice of the Lighthouse Engineer, San Fran- I
cisco, Cal., until 12 o'clock m., February 3,
1905, and then opened, for the construction
of a frame lighthouse structure at the south
erly end of Southampton Shoals, San Fran
cisco Bay. Cal., In accordance with specifi
cations, copies of which, with blank pro
posals and other information, may be had
upon application to Lieut. Col. THOS H
HANDBURY. Corps of Engineer*, U. S." A '
Engineer.
_ VXAVI.
A WAY lo health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for it
VIAVI CO., Van Ness. Phone East 282.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1905.
SEWING MACHINES AH— 1 SUPPLIES.
THE opportunity of a lifetime to buy the
best sewing machine in the world at little
price is now; the place Is the new retail
office of the White Co., 815 Market St.; all
shop-worn and used machlnea are being
closed out regardless of cost to manufacture;
sale now going on.
I 1
ALL makes; 2d-hand, $2, $5. $7, $9; new. $4. $8;
drop heads, 6-drawer, golden oak, $15; rented,
repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic
S. M. Co., 145 Sixth st; tel. Jessie 3796.
DOMESTIC—The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes
tic office. 1021 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3, $5. $8; slightly
used $10, $15, $20; you know where the dolls
swing in the window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold aud repairing guaran
teed. CHAS. PLAMBKCK. 1915 Mission st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE following half-orphans have been ad
mitted into the Nursery for Homeless Chil
dren: Jennie Campiau, 6 years; LUlle M.
Lowe, 6 years; Wilfred Janoe, 11 years;
Gordon Dobson, 6 years.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco
Ladies' Protection and Relief Society will be
held at the home, Franklin and Geary sts.,
THURSDAY. January 12, 1905. at 2 p. m.
MY wife having left my bed and board, I will
not be responsible for any debts she may
contract. Signed. P. J. SCHAUMBURG.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A—EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725
-731 Howard st., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 10 Drumm St.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co., of
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com
pany, 2320 Fillmore st.: phone Jackson 281. I
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery I
st.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES. j
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, Ns. I J
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals* $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. C 0..508 Market I
________y——__ j
liEttAL HOTIOES.
NOTICE. —Office of Insurance Commissioner, I
State of California, San Francisco, December
—, I'.KH—To Whom It May Concern: Pur- j
suant to the requirements of section 595 of
the Political Code, notice is hereby given
that thu Ocean Accident & Guarantee Cor
poration, Limited, of London, has surren
dered its certificate of authority previously
granted by this department, thus withdraw-'
ing from business in this State, and said
company is no longer authorized to transact
business therein. E. MTRON WOLF, In- |
surance Commissioner.
NOTICE —Office of Insurance Commissioner, i
State of California. San Francisco. December '
—. 1904.—T0 whom It may concern: Pur- ,
suant to the requirements of section 595 of
the Political Code, notioe is hereby given
that the Firemen's Insurance Company of :
Baltimore has withdrawn from business in :
this State, and said company is no longer !
authorized to transact business therein. E. 1
MYRON WOLF, Insurance Commissioner.
NOTICE —Office of Insurance Commissioner.
State of California, San Francisco. December '
—, 1901. —To whom it may concern: Pur- '
suant to the requirements of section 595 of
' the Political Code, notice is hereby given I
that the Greenwich Insurance Company of i
New York has surrendered its certificate of
authority previously granted by this depart- i
ment. thus withdrawing from business in
this State, and' said company is no longer '
authorized to transact business therein. E
MYRON WOLF. Insurance Commissioner.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. Dec. 15, 1904. —To
Wheat it may concern: Be it hereby known
that the copartnership heretofore existing
between D. J. O'HARA and F. J. MONA
HAN, under the firm name of MONAHAN.
O'HARA A CO., is hereby dissolved. The !
said D. J. O'HARA withdrawing from tha
said concern and his name discontinued.
DANIEL J. O'HARA. F. J. MONAHAN. '
STUTTERING AND STAMMERTNG.
MELBOURNE system; 2 schools: 810 Diamond. '
521 Franklin. Inquire 521 Franklin. 8 to 12. [
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued j
yesterday:
Martin J. Healey, 21, Sacramento, and
Annie E. L. O'Donnell, 18, 1101 Broadway. j
Edwin D. Harper, 21. 3457 Nineteenth etreet,
gad Mary E. McLaughlin. 18. 557 Hill street.
Robert S. Grayrigge. 21. Grange-over-Sands, j
' England, and Lolita McConnell, 18, 1034 Sac- |
I ramento street.
Joseph Martinez. 21. 609 Vallejo street, and
Maria Garcia. 18. 1318 Dupont street.
Caryl R. R: Leman, 24, 660 Harrison street,
and Delia A. Hoffman, 22, Oakland.
Charles W. Holland, 21, 332 Eighth avenue, j
and Lydia L. Gately, 21, 1364 Eddy street.
Patrick L. Noonan, 27, Santa Rosa, and j
| LuclU* Bushncll. 19, Santa Rosa.
William A. Terrlll, 21. 828 Buchanan street. !
| and Emilie L. Stangenberger, 18, 671 Fulton.
Frederick J. Christiansen, 27, 506 Jones ;
! street, and Emma L. Greene, 25, 782 Four
teenth street.
Andrea Oliva, 47. Cloverdale, and Luigla
Dondero, 27, Cloverdale.
William Atchison, 34, city, and Sarah M.
Cat*. 20, city.
Martin L. Amster, 27, 1020 Howard street, I
and Felice Venclnt, 22, 1020 Howard street. j
Bertram! F. Ortfct, -27, 970 Filbert street, and
Marie Sandona, 20. 2122 Larkin street.
Warren,R. Clason. 47. Chicago, and Frances
E. Cull, 37. Milwaukee. Wis.
I Charles Westwood. 30, 1830 Haight street,
j and Emma Chambers, 28, 420 Baker street.
Henry G. Smith. 22, city, and Katherine
Rosenstern, 18, city.
BIRTHS—MARRIAGES—DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by 1
! mall will not be inserted; They must be handed
lln at either of the publication offices and be
j Indorsed with the name and residence of per- j
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement '
of the event are published once in this column
free of charae.
MARRIAGES.
! FLEMING —WHITE—In Elmhurst, January 1, |
1905, by the Rev. E. E. Clark, Ira C. Flem- j
ing and Alice A. White, both of Elmhurst.
I HEALY— O'DONNELL— In this city, January ■
j 4. 1905, by the Rev. Father Grant, Martin J. j
Healy and Annie E. O'Donnell. both of this i
it.- 0
WARDLAW—COLMAN—In New York City, I
I December 26, 1904. C. Digby Wardlaw of
Brooklyn, N. V., and Charlotte Gorham
Col man, formerly of Lodi, Cal.
DIED.
Ahem, Jeremiah —32. King, Rufus—Bs.
Aston, R. M.—7 mos. Kinsell, Henry 8.—38.
Bailey, Margaret—3l. Klumpp, Matilda
Bent, Silas E.—74. McCa-oe, Kate B
Brunings, Livinla—7o. Pingel, Richard—s2.
Campbell. Henry C. Purnhagen. Fred—2s.
Cipelli. Dr. Savino —57 Quadt, Agnes R. —26.
cieary, Thomas—7s. Quill, Dennis.
Donovan. Jas. S. —24. Rlbby, Mary—66.
Drost, Johann D.—42. Richards, O. W. —62
Ellis. Henry—4B. Richardson, Emma—63
Ford, Catherine—67. Roberts. William—ss.
Heuck. Fanny E. Roller, Wnf. F.—57.
Hill. Jessie—LM. Saunders, Harriet
Horan, Frances. Smith. Butler—s4.'
Howard, Thomas —36. Stevens, May Dee.
Jackson. Harriet—76. Taylor, C. M.—lß.
Jones, Sabina—62. Tolksen, Harry—42.
Kearney. P. F.—63. Vogt, David J.—76.
Kelly. Mary F.
AHERN—In this city. January 3. 1905, Jere
miah, beloved brother of James Ahem of
Port Costa, a native of Ballyllne, County
Kerry, Ireland, aged 32 years.
lET'Kriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 7 a. m., from the parlors of
.f C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission etreet,
thence to St. Vincent's Church. Vallejo.
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the'repose of his soul, at 10 a. m. Interment
St Vincent's Cemetery, Vallejo.
ASTON —In this city, January 4. 1906, at the
residence of the parents, 345 C Beale street,
Raymond M.. beloved son of R. G. and
Kllen E. Aston, a native of San Francisco,
aged 7 months and 18 days.
BAILEY —In Alameda, Cal.. January 8, 1905
Margaret Genevieve, dearly beloved wife of
Louis F. Bailey of the City of Mexico,
loving daughter of P. H. and Anne C. Mc-
Donnell, and sister of Joseph, Flossie, Clar
ence and the late John W. McDonnell, a
native of San Francisco, aged 31 years 2
month* and 18 days.
(t7Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday),* at 10 o'clock a. m., from her
late residence, 2136 Railroad avenue, Ala-
I meda, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. a re
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose ot her soul. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
BENT—In this city, January 2. 1906, Silas
E. Bent, a native of Nova Scotia,*aged 74
years.
[7 Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the
funeral parlors of the H. F. Maass Co.,
917 Mission street. Interment private.
BRUNINGB —In this city, January 4, 1906,
Llvinia Bruninas, beloved mother of Mrs.
J. M. Bohlken and Martin. John H. and the
late Henry Brunlngs, a natite of Charles
ton. S. C, aged 70 years and 3 daye. (New
York City and Palisades Park, N. J.. papers
please copy.)
CFRemalns at the rarlors of H. F. Suhr
A Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Funeral and Interment strictly
private.
CAMPBELL—In Sausallto, Cal-, January 3,
1905. Henry C. Campbell.
CCFFuneral services at Christ's Church,
Sausallto, on Thursday. January 5, al
10:30 a. m. Interment private.
CIPELLI—In this city. January 3, 1906, Dr.
Savino Cipelli. beloved husband of Marie
Cipelll, and father of Savino and Clellla
Clpelll. a native of Italy, aged 57 years 5
months and 1 day.
lE?"Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 d. m.. from his late resi
dence. 1694 Stockton street, thence to Italian
Church for blessing. Interment Italian Cem
etery. .
CLEARY—In this city. January 3, 1905, at his
residence. 1C24 Howard etreet. Thomas, be
loved husband of Bridget Cleary, a native
of County Cork. Ireland, aged 75 years.
DONOVAN—In this city, January 3, 1906,
James Stephen, beloved son of Joseph arid
Mary Donovan, and loving brother of Mary,
Timothy J., Ellen, Annie and the late Dan
lei, Joseph and Elizabeth Donovan, a native
of County Cork. Ireland, aged 24 years and
8 days. A member of Carpenters' Union,
No 22.
EFThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 9:15 a. m.. from the residence
of his parents, 2783 Bryant avenue, thence
to Bt. Peter's Church, Alabama street, near
Twenty-fourth, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com
mencing at 9:45 a. m. Interment private,
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DROST—Entered into rest. January 4, 1905,
Johann D>., beloved husband of Winifred F.
Drost, and father of Florence A. Drost, a
native of Germany, aged 42 years.
EFFriends and acquaintances and officers
and members of San Francisco Tent No. 18,
K. O. T. M., are respectfully Invited to at
tend the funeral services Sunday, January
8, at 9:30 a. _~ at the parlors of the West
ern Addition Funeral Directors. 1724 Devisa
dero street, botween Sutter and Bush. In
terment Cyoress Uwn Cemetery, by train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at
11:30 a. m.
I ELLIS—In Colma, January 1. 1903. Henry,
! husband of Agnes Ellis, a native of England,
j aged 48 years and 8 days.
EFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
i (Thursday), at I p. tn.. from Masonic Tem
ple, comer Post and Montgomery streets,
where services wiil he held under the aus
i pices cf Pacific Lodge No. 133, F. and A.
M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
FORD—In Seattle. Wash.. December 27. 1004,
j Catherine, beloved wifo of the late John
Ford, and mother of the late Edward Ford.
I Mrs. Mary Shanley. Mrs. Annie Mllles. Mrs.
Margaret Allen and John Martin and Alice
i Gordon, a native of Ireland, aged 67 years.
EFR«nialns at the parlors of the Cali
fornia Undertaking Company, 405 Powell
! street, near Post. Notice of funeral here
after.
HKUCK—In this city. January 2. 1905. Fanny
Elizabeth Heuck. dear adopted mother of
Mrs. E. H. Folsom. and sister of Mrs. Ellen
Graham, a native of Dublin, Ireland.
EFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend funeral services
Friday, January (?. at 10 a. m., at the
• chapel of N. Gray & Co., 353 Sutter street.
Interment private.
! HILL—In Oakland, January 3. 1905. Jessie.
! beloved daughter of Riley and Isabel Hill
of Vacnvllie. Cal., a native of Missouri,
aged 21 years 4 months and 3 days.
HOR AN In this city. January 4, 1906,
Frances, widow of th»- late John C. Horan.
and beloved mother of Francis \V\, Frances
F. and the late George G. Horan, a native of
Dublin, Ireland.
EF Notioe of funeral herearter.
HOWARD—In this city, January 2, 1905,
Thomas Howard, brother of Martin and Pat
rick Howard and Mrs. H. McCarren, and
cousin of Mrs. M. C. McGrath and Mrs. M.
Murphy, a native of County Clare, Ireland,
ased 36 years.
EFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the
parlors of J. C. O'Connor A Co.. 767 Mis
sion street, thence to St. Rose's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele
brated for the repose ofvhls soul, at 9 o'clock
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JACKSON In Oakland. January 4. 1905, at
858 Henry street, Harriet, beloved wife of
William J. Jackson, and mother of Mrs. G.
F. Swart. Mrs. C. T. A. Folkers and W.
A. Jackson, a native of New Hampshire,
aged 76 years 1 month and 23 days.
JONES —In Yountvllle. Napa County, January
4, 1905. Sabina. wife of Edward Jones, and
mother of Elmer, Charles, Milton and
Mandes Jones. Mrs. AnmV Carmlchael, Mrs.
Ella Danaher and Mrs. Emma Glger, a na
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 62 years.
EFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at t p. m.. from the parlors of J.
C O'Connor A Co.. 767 Mission street. Inter
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KEARNEY—In this city, January 2. 1905,
P F. Kearney, beloVed husband of the late
Mary J- Kearney, father of May. Annie,
Francis and Gertrude Kearney and Mrs.
Fred Dahuken Jr.. and brother of Mrs. J.
Beardsley, Mrs. Joseph Doran and Michael
F. Kearney of Halifax, Nova Scotia, a na
tive of County Waterford, Ireland, aged 53
years and 11 months. (Halifax, Nova Scotia,
papers please copy.) .
EFThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m.. from his late
residence. 54 Fair Oaks street, near Twenty
second, thence to St. James Church, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele
brated for the repose of his soul, at 9 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY—In this city, January 4. 1906. Mary
F. Kelly, beloved daughter of Mrs, T. and
the late F. R. Kelly, and sister of Frank,
John. William and George Kelly and Mrs.
F. 80110. a native of San Francisco.
(UT" Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
January 6, at 8:45 a. m., from her late resi
dence, 53 Stanley street, thence to St. Bren
dan's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
thence to Eighteenth and Guerrero streets
for electric funeral car. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
Officers and. membets of Artemis Circle
No. 120. C. O. F., are requested to attend
the funeral of our late companion. Miss M.
Keliy, Friday, at U a. m., from St. Bren
dan's Church. By order / *
MRS. A. M. NICHOLS, C. C.
MRS. J. BERGER, Financial Sec.
KING—In Oakland, January 4, 1905, at 1066
Wood street. Rufus King, a native of Ohio,
aged 85 years 10 months and 11 days. A
member of the G. A. R.
KINSELL—In San Lorenzo. January 4, 1905.
Henry Saaiing Kinsell. beloved husband of
Eliza Smyth Kinsell. and father of Henry
Smyth Kinsell. and s in of Mary and the late
George Kinsell, and brother of Dr. Benja
min. Helen R. and Dudley Kinsell and Mrs.
Herman, Swartz, aged 38 years 5 months and
1 day.
EFFuneral private.
KLUMPP—In San Mateo, January 4, 1906,
Matilda Klumpp. dearly beloved wife of Otto
H. Klumpp, and devoted mother of William
A. Klumpp. and sister of Charles, Julius, Al
bert and George Elkerenkotter.
McCABE—ln this city, January 3. 1906? Kate
B. McCabe tn*e Doyle), beloved wife of
Owen J. McCabe, and sister of the Hon.
Joseph M. Doyle of Birch Hill, Dungannon.
■County Tyrone. Ireland, a native of Ireland.
EFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday). January 5. at tO a. m.. from the
parlors of Julius S. Godeau, 810 Van Ners
avenue, thence to St. Vincent de Paul's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
i v rwetaty.
PING EL— In this city. January ft. 1905,
Richard Pinael, a native of Germany, aged
62 years.
EFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday.
January 6, at 10 a. m.. from Charles J. B.
Metzler's undertaking parlors, 636 Washing
ton street, thence to Mount Olivet Cemetery,
by 11:30 a. m. train from Third and Town
send streets.
Pt.'RNHAOEN —In this city. January 4. 1905,
Fred, beloved son of Beckie and the late
Christian Purnhagen. and brother of William
and Dick Purnhagen, a native of Germany,
aged 25 years and 4 months.
QUADT —In this city. January- 4. 1903. Agnes
Rostra Quadt, dearly beloved daughter of
John and Maggie Quadt, and beloved sister
of Mrs. B. W. Dassow, Mrs. W. J. Conrad,
Mrs. G. Wende and Joseph and the lat<
Louis Quadt, a native of San Francises
aged 26 years 5 months and 23 da;, s.
Remains at the funeral parlors of tie
H. F. Maass Company, 917 Mission street.
QUILL— In this city, January 4. 1906, Dennis,
Quill, beloved son of the late Catherine
and Michael Quill, and brother'of Mrs.
Frank Kruse and Mrs. E. Copeland, a native
of San Francisco.
EFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. January 6. at 9 a. m.. at the parlors
of Julius S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RIBBY—In thia city, Jsnuary 2, 1906, Mary,
beloved wife of the late James Ribby, and
beloved mother of Mrs. E. Smith, a native
of County Wexford, Ireland, aged 56 years
4 months and 20 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:15 a. nt., from the parlors
of McFadden, Mcßrearty A Green. 1171 Mis
sion street, between Beventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Peter's Church, where a re
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, at 9 a. m. ' Interment
Holy Crocs Cemetery.
RICHARDS—In this city. January 2. 1905.
Owen W. Richards, beloved brother of Wll-
F. J. Monahan, Manager. Tel. Mission 31
MONAHAN & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 Mlesion st., near Nineteenth.
San Francisco.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO.,
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors and Embalmere
214 Eddy at. Tel. East 86.
Ham Richards and Mrs. John Band, and
uncle of William P. Doyle and Mrs. A. Vv.
Sisson. a native of Ireland, aged 62 years.
(EFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-<la>
(Thursday), at 9:30 a. m., from the parlors
of McFadden. Mcßrearty & Green, 1171 Mis
sion street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, at 10 a. m. In
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RICHARDSON—In this city. January 4. 1905
Emma Richardson, beloved wife of the late
John Richardson, and beloved mother of
Mrs. Fred A. Stand and of the late John
Richardson Jr.. a native of Entrland. aged
65 t ears. *,
KFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday.
January 6. at 1 p. m.. from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com
pany, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-flrs:.
thence by electric funeral car from corner
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 1:30
p. m. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
ROBERTS—In this city. December 29, 1904.
William. beloved husband of Petronial
Roberts, a native cf North Wales, aged 55
years and 9 months.
ROLLER—In this city. January 2, 1906,
William F. Roller, dearly beloved husband
of Caroline Roller, and loving father of
William F. Roller Jr.. Mrs. W. Hogan ana
John, August and Elka Roller, and brother
of Carl and August Roller, a native of Bo
lingen, Wurteinbeie. Germany, aged 57
years 7 months and 0 days. A member of
Eureka Lodse No. 6. Od. H- S.
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the fnneral this day
j iThursday), at 12 o'clock, from his late resi
dence. 1616 Folsom street, between Eleventh
and Twelfth, thence to St. Paul's German
Evangelical Lutheran Church. 1419 Howard
etreet. Mr services. Interment Mount Olivet
I Cemetery.
I SAUNDERS—In this city, January 3, 1905,
! Harriet, widow of the late P. L. Saunders,
and brother of G. A. Saunders, a native of
England.
EFThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 1 d. m., from the residence
of her brother. C. A. Grooms. 1812 Willow
street, Alameda: take broad-gauge ferry.
Interment private, ln Mountain View Ceme
tery.
SMITH—In this city. January 2, 1905, Butler,
beloved husband of Emily May Smith (nee
Bovyer). and father of Genevieve and Ran
dolph Smith, a native of Ohio, aged 64 years',
and 9 months.
CFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day ;
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from his
late residence. 701 Broderick street. Inter- ;
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 a. m. i
train from Third and Townser.d streets.
STEVENS--In this city, January 4. 1905,
May Dee. beloved wife of Everett H. Ste- |
venr, and loving mother of Onlta and Thelma i
Stevens, a native of Indiana.
K.T Remains at the mortuary chapel of the
'Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475 j
Mission street, near Twenty-first. Interment
at Greeley, Colo.
TAYLOR—In the City and County Hospital. •
January 4, 1906, Chancey M. Taylor, a na- i
live of Rhode Island, aged 48 years.
TOLKSEN—In the city and County Hospital, I
January 4. 1906. Harry Tolksen, a native of I
Norway, aged 12 years.
VOGT—In Oakland. January 4, 1905. David •
John, beloved husband of Emma F. Vogt, j
and father of Mrs. Charles Grlrome, Mrs. |
A. G.itea. Mrs. E. Andrews and John and i
Henry Voat. a native of Germany, aged 75 !
years 3 months and 3 days.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page 18.
Ton Gold M«. 14 15!Tlmber Hill ..20 —
Rescue 06 071
Goldfleld.
Sandstorm ... 49 511 Black Butte ..20 21
Red Too 14 ISißooth M Co.. — 13
Goldfleld Mhk 14 16|Blue Bull ... 25 27
Columbia 22 23|Adams 10 13
Dfamondfteld. SO 35! Silver Pick ... — 18
Jumbo 57 68; May Queen ..16 —
Jumbo Ex .. 2t 22! Nevada 80y... 17 —
Vernal Mln .. 14 * 15,'Orlg Bullfrog. 16 20
Pennsylvania — 09; Bullfrog Mln.. 70 —
Goldfleld 68 t9|Blk Butte Ex 10 —
Kendall 23 24! South Western 60 —
Oakland 21 23!
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
4500 Black Butte.. 21I1C0O Rescue CS
500 Free Gold M. 1412500 Red Top 17
1000 Gldfld Red L. C 612500 Red Top 18
100 MacNamara . 3015000 Sandstorm ... 52
2300 MacNamara . 31! 1000 Sandstorm ... 51
105(1 Mont Ton. .1 87V4l 1500 Ton N Star... 21
300 Mont Ton ...1 901000 Ton N Star... 22
1300 N V Ton Con €711500 Ton Belmont.. ("9
1500 Paymaster .. 031 100 Ton Midway.. 33
Afternoon Session.
1000 Black Ants .. 041 100 Ton. Belmont.. fS
1000 Gldfld Red L. 0612600 Ton» Gold Mt. 16
1000 Jumbo 57! 600 Ton Midway.. 35
100 Mont Ton ...1 85U* 75 Ton of Nev..lo 00
200 Mont T0n...l 87t*l 600 Ton N Star... 21
250 N V Ton Con 10I2CO0 Vernal Mln .. 13
1000 Rescue 061
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. j Bid. Ask.
Black Butte.. 21 —MacNamara .. .— 3(>
Blue Bull .. 17 —!Mont Tbn.l 82Va 1 87VJ
Bullfrog Mln. — C9NY T Coh M. — 10
Columbia 22 —!Orlg Bullfrog. 17 —
Diamondfleld. 21 —(Paymaster ... 03 04
Espcranza ... — 021 Pa Goldfleld.. — 10
Free Gold M. — 15iRed Top I.V 16
Gold Anchor. — 25! Rescue 06 OS
Goldfleld 881 — 05! Rothwr-:! GM. 10 s*.
Goldfleld Mm. 69 70| Sandstorm ... 51 —
Gldfld Red L. — OOiTon Belmont.. 67 69
Goldfleld S Pk — 18|Ton Exten .2 90 —
Gold Mt Con. — 02lTon Gold Mt. 14 16
Jumbo 65 59' Ton Midway.. :!4 M 5
Jumbo Ex .. — 21' Ton Nev. ..10 00 10 12*6
Kendall 22 —ITon N Star... 21 12
Little Ton .. — 50i Vernal Mln .. 13 —
Lucky Tom .. 04 —|
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 4
Harriett- De Wltte Kittle to Francis J. and
Hannah B. Rigney. lot on S line of Chestnut
street. 137:6 E of Franklin, E 25 by S 137:6;
110.
Patrick or P. Lynch to Mary T. Lynch lot
r>n E line of Gough street. 55 N of Ellis, N
S5 by E 103: lVi; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to Chris
tian T. and Nieo'.lna W. Jansen, lot on 8
line of McAllister street, — W of Laguna. W
27:6 by S 120; $ .
Frederick and Rosalie Joubert to Joubert
Company, lot on NE corner of Sutter and
Devlsadero streets. N 37:6 by E 87:6; also lot
on E corner of Fourth and Silver streets
(which comer is 160 NW of Bryant street>.
SE 30 by NE 76; $10.
Michael Curley to James and Mary Curley,
Annie and Catherine Friesenhausen lot on N
line of Pine street, 160 E of Central'avenue N
ICO. E 40:1';,. SW 101:2. W 27:3; gift.
City and County of San Franciaco to Jo
sephine Ottefstedt. lot on E line of Guerrero
street. 21 tU of Clinton Park, N 21 by E 90;
Comley H. and Ingeburg E. Randall to Lulu
Schwartz (wife of Henry) lot 'on W line of
Howard street, 66 S of Nineteenth S 31 by W
122:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Eliza
Dillmann, lot on \V line of Howard street 155
Sof Nineteenth. S 61:6 by W 122:6; $ '-.
A. S. and J. L. Wilson to Ella M. Helm, lot
on W line of Valencia street 114 N of Twen
ty-second. N 114 by W 135; $10.
Ella M. Helm to H. J. Woollacott. same; $1.
Anna and Adolph Petry to Sophie Hinkel.
lot on W line of Sanchez street. 100 So.' Thir
teenth, S 33:0 by W 160; $10.
Jens Jensen to Lene Jensen re-record 18S5
D. 299. lot on W line of Sanchez street. 816:6
N of Seventeenth. N 25 by W 100; alto let
on E line of Prosuer street, 141:6 N of Seven
teenth. N 25 by B SO; gift.
Walter and Elizabeth Bermingham to Flor
ence and Mary Sullivan, lot on E line of Cas
tro street. 50 S of Sixteenth, S 25 by E 87:6;
110.
Realty Improvement Company to Jennie I.
Keller (wife of Henry S.). lot 25. Lyon A
Hoag's subdivision of Mission Block 12$; $10.
Peter and Honora Duffy to Mary Duffy, lot
on E line of Treat avenue, 126 8 of Twenty
fourth street. S 25 by E 112:6; gift.
Georgie C. Buhne to John M. and Maria
Burke, lot on NW corner of Twenty-seventh
and Guerrero streets. N 26:8 by W 100; $10.
Robert and Elizabeth BTgfeld to Domenico
Pellegrini lot on W line of Ohurch street, 103 I
3 of Twenty-ninth. S 25 by W 80; $4000.
Mary **. Sullivan to George A. Connolly, lot
on NW corner of Vallejo and Sensome 6treet.«,
N 18714 by W 137:6; $10.
R. Anastasla S. Pescia to same, undivided
one-half of lot on NW corner of Sansome and
Vallejo streets. N 137:6 by W 1.57:6: $10.
Hannah and George de Urioste to Carlo Gio
vannettt. lot on NW line of Folsom street 50 '
NE of Fourth, NE 25 by NW 80; $10. ' |
Estate of Marie E. Luchlnger (by John J.
Lttchsinger, executor) to George P. Reynolds
snd Forrest S. Rowley, lot on NW line of
Minna street, 80 SW of Eight*. SW 170 by
NW 80; 829,000.
Grace F. Smith (Jessup). formerly Mrs F.
H. Smith, to J. T. Bloomfleld. lot on SE cor
ner of Arkansas and Army streets. E 100 by
S 50: also lot on E line of Indiana street, 162:0
S of Twenty-sixth. S 37:8 by E 100; $10.
Estate of Jceeph Phelan (by Thomas Phil- !
lips, executor) to Hugh C. Hamilton, lot on
NE corner of Twentieth and Missouri streets
N 100 by E 100; $1250.
Union Trust Company of San Francisco to
William R. Scott, lot on S line of Lake street
107:6 W of Twenty-sixth avenue, W 25 by S
100; $10.
J. Frank and Marea Walters to Mary' E. and 1
Marlon Michener. lot on NE comer of Forty
second avenue and I street, E 82:6-by N 100;
no. /
Solomon and Dora Gets to Mary Elliott, lot '
on W line of Forty-fourth axenue, 200 S of
J street, 8 26 by W 120; $10.*
J. W. Wright & Sons' Investment Company
to Edward F. Ward, lot on W line of Fortv
sixth avenue, 100 S of N street, S 50 by W
120; $10.
Annie M. Ryen to Gertrude M. Stevens lot
»n W line of Victoria street. 360 N of Sher
man. N 25 by W 100; gift. ,
Rudolf and Caroline Lingg to Giovanni Mv-
CONDEMNED
MAN MAKES
CONFESSION
Lain OWil. Alias LUpton,
Who Is to Be Hanged Next
Friday, Assumes All Blame
for the Mathews Bobbery
TRIES TO ASSIST
TWO OTHEB FELONS
Says That Mike and Docia
Nolan, Who Are Undergo
ing Long Sentences for the
Crime, Are Both Innocent
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 4.—Larry O'Nell,
alias George Lupton, alias Henry Mil
ton, who is to be hanged Friday at
San Quentin, has made a confession,
ln which he tries to exonerate Mike
Nolan and Docia Nolan from any con
nection with the robbery of Mrs.
Mathews on March 4, 1903. in her home
in San Francisco, for which crime both
the Nolans are undergoing long terms
of imprisonment.- O'Nell handed to
Warden Tompkins to-day a closely
written document of three pages which
ho calls his "confession." It begins:
"1,. Henry Milton, being of sound mind
and knowing that I am auout to die,
do exonerate Mike and Docia Nolan
from any connection with the robbery
o£ Mrs. Mathews." He then sets forth
that his first acquaintance with Mike
and Docia Nolan was after his incar
ceration in the County Jail for the
murder of James Gillice. He knew
neither of the Nolans before that. *He
says he entered the house of Mrs.
Mathews with two confederates, whose
names he does not give, because he
does not want to involve them. It was
O'Neil, according to tne confession,
that entered the house and locked the
door and not Nolan. O'Neil says noth
ing as to who gave Mrs. Mathetvs the
terrible beating or who made the de
mand upon her for her valuables. His
next statement is that he was the last
one to leave the house and jump over
the back fence. The rest of the state
ment is rather disconnected and bears
reference to certain features of the
crime without telling the story of the
crime in its natural order. Herbert
Popplewell, the messenger boy, he as
serts was correct in his statement that
he saw Nolan and spoke to him at the
corner of Haight and Fillmore streets,
but how Milton knows this he does not
state. He denounces Ruby Grill's story
of the conspiracy between Docia and
Mike Nolan as perjury and insists that
Mrs. Mathews was mistaken in her tes
timony that Nolan was in her house
and struck her. When No;an was on
his way to receive his sentence from
Judge Cook Milton says ne was then
ready md willing to confess, but his
cellmates told him if he did he would
surely be hanged so he kept silent.
Milton's offense, for which he has
been condemned to death, was the mur- \
der of James Gillice, an aged saloon- <
keeper, April 15. 1903. Gillice had closed
his saloon and was walking along
Ninth street, near Market, when Mil
ton held him up Gillice resisted the
attempt to rob him and Milton shot
him in the groin. Milton did not
escape, horVever, for Gililce held him
until the police arrived. Gillice died
the following day.
Captain of Detectives Burnett places
no confidence in the story told by
O'Neil for the reason that Nolan
pleaded guilty to the robbery of Mrs.
Matthews. Captain Burnett thinks the
confession is only a ruse to help Nolan
now that O'Neil knows there is no sal
vation for himself.
Dixon Raises License on Liquor.
DIXON. Jan. 4. —The City Trustees
have raised the liquor license from
$20 to $75 a quarter. The ordinance ;
includes groceries selling liquor.
BERLIN. Jan. 4.—The German Turner As
sociation v.ill send a squad ot eight represents- !
try* gymnasts to participate in the American i
Turnvvrein day at Indianapolis in July.
+ *
sante. lot on E line of Paris street, 100 S of ,
Brazil avenue. S 25 by E 100, block 19, Excel- |
sicr Homestead; StO.
R. F. and Mary L. Bucknam to Emma
Meyer, lots 753 and 755. gift map 3: $800.
Thomas and Annie Douglass to Thomas J.
and Walter J. Douglas, lots 43 and 44, block
19. Lakeview; gift.
Thomas R. Gibson to Ellen E. Ewing, lot 64,
block 496, Bay City Homestead; gift.
Julius C. Rels to Jonas Hedquist, lots 16
and 17. block 43. Reis Tract; grant.
S. Ducas Company to Michael and Josephine
Gassner, lot on SW line of Precita avenue. 290 '
NW of Folsom street. NW 25 by SW 76, lot
11, Ducas Tract; $10.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
IC ALI FOR NIA LIED|
3 DAYS I
I LEAVES OA.IUY ATT S:so A> M B
__ WITH QINE.WaAMDOI_eEPE«SJjI
Other Santa Fa Trains:
7:30 a. m. 1
9:30 a.m.)- For Stockton Fresno, Bakersfleld,
8:00 p. m- j Merced, Han ford and Vlsalia.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices—o4l Market at. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway, Oak
land. Cal.: also 27 South Ist, San Jose.
nfipannToSAN rafael
ross valley.
5 MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sausalito Terry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE. 1
Depart from San Francisco, daily, at tr-oa '
7-45 8:25. 0:10, 9:50. 11:00 a. ra.; 12:20 1-45
4:35. 5:15. 5:50, 6:30. 7:15. 10:15 and
11:35 p. m.
Arrive at San Francisco daily, at t«-er>
7-35. 8:15, 8:50, 9:35. 10:50 a. m.; 12*10 i-S
2:56! 4:25. 5:05. 5:42. 6:22. 6:67. 7:40 and u!3|
p. ro.
tDally except Sunday.
For Fairfax daily, at 7:45 a. m.; also Satur
days at 3:15 p. m., and daily except Saturday
and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:46 a. m. daily—Caxadero and way station*
p. m.. Saturdays only—For Caxadero".
tT:IS p. m dally, except Saturday and Sun
day, for Tomalca, etc.
TICKET OFFICE—6SO Market st.
FERRY —Union Depot, toot ot Market st.
I RAILWAY TRAVEL.
n*iM leaae* mm* mw <f»*
/y < <TT7>v4rjS. to arrive* at
BAN FRANCISCO.
V« V Kxr.sT Dare*
\_]/ (foot ot Market Street
- MAIN L<WE. -TsTi^T
7- OOa vacavtllc. W'niers, Kuiusey 7 50*
7 OCa Renloia, Klmiraaml Sacramento.. 7.20*
7.30* Tatiejo, Nap*. Caltatoga, Santa
Rosa. Martinez. Ban Ramon 8-20*
1 SO* Nllee.Trs'y. Lathrop, Stock:oa.... 7.20*
0 00* Shasta Express — (Via DaTls).
William*. Willows, trruto. Ked
Bluff. Portiaad, Tacoma, Seattle 7-80*
• 00* rmrls.Wooi; land. X nights Lauding.
Marytvltle. Orovllle 7.64*
8- 30* Martinez, Ant'.och Byron. Tracy.
Stockton, Newmau. Lo« Bano*.
Mendota. Arraone, Haa ford.
7isalia. Portenrllle- 4.28*
8 30/ Tort Costa. Modesto. Merced,
Fresno, Goebeii Jo action. Haa- ____
ford, Vltatia, Rakers field 4.88P
8 30* N'llei. San Jose. Llvermore. Stock
ton. (tMlltos). I<»ne, Sacramento. __
Marjtrllle, Chlco. Red Bluff .... « *°*
330 a Oakdaie. Chinaae, Jamestown. So- ___
nora. Tuolumne and Angels S*SE
• 00a Atlantic Kxpress— Ottden snd Bast. 5 20*
030 a Richmond. Martinet aad Way
Statleae W~W
1040 a The Overland Limits* — "grtea.
Omaha. Chicago. Reaver, Kansas
mm mi Cilr < 8t - Louis - -i 212
25K AV *"«i°— ii— I *- 2 **
10.06* Lo, Angelet Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron, Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton, Merced,
Raymond. Fresno. Goshen Junc
tion, Hnnfore, Lemoore. Vitalla. , _
Bekertneld. Los Angeles i Sf!
If .00m layward. Nilrt and War Stations. . 3 20*
tl OOP Sacramento River Steamers ft I.oo*
3 50* Beatßia, Winters, Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights I-ending,
MarytTllle, Orovllle aad way
stations 10 50a
*-30a> Hay ward. Nlleo and Way Stations.. 7 600
■JO* Port Costa, Martinez. Brron.Tracy.
Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto,
Merced, Berenda, Presno aad
Way Stallone bcyoud Tort. Costa 12-20*
4.oo*Martlnes.Sanl«Hrnca,VelleJo,Nep*>
Callatoga. Ban to Rota. f 20*
440* Biles, Tracy, Stockton 10-20*
4 30* Hay ward. Nile*, IrTlngton, San I I 8 60*
Joae. Llvermore 1 tt 1.60*
04)0* The Owl Limited—Newman. Loe
Bsnos. Mendoi*. Fresno. Tulare.
Bakerefleld. Loe angelee _ 8 SO*
fO 30p Hayward. Ntlea and Kan Joe* ..... 7.20%
I.OOp 3ay ward. Ntlea and Saa -Joee f-OOA
I.OOp Eastern Kxpreat - Omaha. Chicago,
Denver. Kansas City, St. Louie,
Martinez. Stockton. Sacrament*,
Colfax. Reno. Sparks. Manleu*.
Ogdea -- -.240*
o.oop YaMeJo, dally, except Sunday I 7
7 OCp Vallejo, Sunday only f ,ow
7450* l'.l< hmoDd. sen Paido, Port Costa,
Martines and Way Stations 11 20*
140* Reno Passenger—Port Costs. Bo
ole**. Butaun, Klmlra. Dixon,
Davis. Sacramento. Sparks. Ton*
j-eh. Keeler and War Stations... 7-OOA
048* Oregon A California Express—Beo
ramento. Marysvllle. Redding,
Portland, Puget 6ou»d and Bast. • 50*
i.lo* Bay ward, Ntlet and Sea Jose (Baav
4%r only) . 11404)
COAST LINE (Harrow Gases).
(Foot of Market Btreet.) _
■■10a Newark. Centerrllie, Ban Joe*.
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Cms aad Way Statlone 140*
H I 6* Newark. Centerrllie, Ben Joae.
New Almaden. Loe Gatoe.Felto*.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cms aad
Principal Way Stations tlO 58*
S.lo* Newark. San .lose. Loe Gatoe...{ ||*
•0 30* Banters' Train (Saturday ealy>—
Sen Jcge and Way Station* 17-28*
COAST LI NE <Br**4 Uange).
Mr" (Third nnd fowntend Streets.)
nO* Ban Jose aud Way Station*, 1 0.30*
0a San Jote and Way Stations . 0.40*
0-00* New Almaden (Tnes., Frld„ only). 4.10*
0-00* The Coaster—San Jote. Ballnrs.
Baa Ardo, Paso Roblea. Santa
Margarita, Ban Lais Oblapo.
Guadalupe, Gavlota, Santa Bar
bara, Ban Buenaventura, Mon
to 1 , to. oxnard. Bar bank, Lee
Angelet 10 30*
040* Gilroy, Holtister, Caetrovlilc, Del
Monte. Pacific Grove, Surf, Lonv
poc 10-30*
o.oo* San Join. Trei Plnot.WatsouTine,
Capitols. Santa Cruz, Paclfl*
Grore. Sallaaa Ban Lult Obispo
aad Principal Way Statlooa. . — 4-10*
10-30* San Joae and Way 5tat100a......... 1.20*
11 it a Sau .lose aud Way Statlone „ 7.30*
f 15 p Ban J oae and Way Stations 0 30*
t-bliPDei Mnnte Kxpreae—Santa Clara,
San Jose, Wataonvllle, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Oroya 12 18*
1$ 00p Loa Gatoa, Wrlgbt. Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz, rta Santa Clara aud
Narrow Gauge tlO 41*
3- 30* Valencia St., Sout* San Francisco,
Barllngsme. Sen Jose. Gilroy,
110 l lister. Tret Piiios 10 4S*
4- 30P -an Joae and Way Stations tO-00*
to-COP Santa Clara, San Joae, Lot Gatot,
and principal Way Stations (ex
cept Sunday) *9 30*
|S-30p tan Joaeand rrinclpalWayotatlona iS-40*
6*opb-jnact Express— Redwood. San
Joae,Gilroy.Sallnaa, Paso ltoblet.
Ban Lult Obttpo. Santa Barbara,
Loa Angeles, Renilng. Xl Paso.
et.Louis. New Orleant, NewTork 8 10*
O.4BPPsJ»ro. Witsonville, Capitol a,
aeata Cruz. Caatrovtlle, Del
llo;.;e, Pacific Grove 10 30*
Is-10p feaiiflateo.Beretford,Uelmonl,Baa
tar'.ot. Redwood. Fair Oak*,
Meclo Park. Palo Alto t6 46a
6 3fjp San Joae and Way Stations 0-38*
0-GOpPeio Alto and Way Stations 10 15*
11 .30p South San Francisco. Mlllbrae. Bur
ilngame, b.m Mateo, Belmont,
Ban Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oakt,
Memo Park, and Palo Alto t0 4S*
■lIIOp M*) Held, Mountain View, Sunny-
Tale, Lawrence. Sent* Clare and
Ban Jose To.<o*
AforMonifng. P for Afternoon,
lOenJar excepted t Sunday only
<• Saturday only. b Monday HOB
tauuw at all etaUona on Sunday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
TLVarcn Ferry, Foot ot Market Street.
\
SAI7 PRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL
W'KKK DAYS —7:.!0, 9;00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays—Extra trig
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdavv—Extra trip at 1:60 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS—B:OO. 9:30, 11:00,*. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5 00. C:"0. 11:30 p. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAM FKARCISCO.
WEEK DAYs—l.:O5, 7:05, 7:50, U:2U, 11:18,
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40, 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:36 p. m.
SUNDAYS—B:OO. 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:05. 5:06. 6:26 p. m.
Leave I In EfTect I Arrive
San Fran. [ Oct. 2. 1904. I San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I tlon. I days, frjaya.
"7730 ai 8:00 al 8:10 al 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignacia , 10:40 a 110:20 a
3:30 p :t-30p 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 g 5:00 pi T. 36 p|
7:30 ai | 9:10 al 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:<!5 p 6:20 p
6:10 p| 3:30 p and 7:35 p
I 5:00 p Santa Rosa. I
7:30 al j 10:40 a' 10:20»
ft-00a Fultcn. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p| p| I
I Windsor, I
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg, 10:10 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
S:3op 3:30p Geyserville. 7:35 p 8:33»
I Cloverdale. I
7:30 a| 8:00 al Hcpland 110:40 a 10:20 a
3::i0 p| 3:3Qp| andUklah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 a
j j wHllta and I L
7:3oa| 8:00ei Sherwood. < 7:35 p[ 6:2o_p
7:30 al 8:00*] 110:40 a! 10:20 a
8:30 p| 3:30 p( Ouerneville. | 7:35 pj 0:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p! 6:00 p| Glen Ellen. I 6:05 pi 8:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 ajl0:20 a
8:30 pi 3:3Qp| Sebaetopol. | 7:36 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and-Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, KelseyvlUe. Carls
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lukeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; at
Cklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springe,
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs,
Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's,
Riverside, Lierly':. Bucknell's. Sanhedrln
Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs. Halfway
House. Comptche. Hcpkins. Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg, Westport and Usal; at Willtts for
Fort Bragg. .Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Cahto Covelo, Laytonvtlle. Cummings,
Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Fruitland,
Dyer, Garbervllle, Camp 6, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re
duced rates.
On Sunday—Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond Han Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market etreet. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L- FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen Pass Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
"lr.gasftmaasco g-_Wm_ Ar - Sm 'rancitte
tk. Part SaaoaTi tf___\_ mi gaadsyi T tk.^yT
I l:SOp *10:S4>*
»:50a 9 2:55p S:6sp
1:45p 1:45p 6:gijp !**~6:'agr*
tatareay* 4:35r toturtiaTt ll:12p~
*7m Orerity Cm V Bt Tanslpau to Kill Tilies
Sl I**1 ** J 650 MARKjtT ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
Mri CM l and Sa us auto Kaaav. Foot Market St.
WsuHf Cali $1.08 jar YearCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
_Wekv York Stocks unsettled; some higher, others lower.
■•' Mining Siocks active, but weaker. Local Stocks quiet.
' . Sih'fr fractionally lower. Exchange about the same.
'Final subscriptions to Japanese Bonds due to-day.
:■ Grain trade reports car shortage disappearing at Chicago.
• ' Wheat and Barley Futures higher. Cash Barley advanced.
" Oats very firm, Corn weak and dull and Rye steady.
:•• Hay, Beans and Millstuffs as before quoted.
Nothing new in Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Poultry in light receipt and firm. Game dull.
First Orange auction sale finds fen* buyers.
■ . flatter and Eggs weak, with dull markets.
••" /'revision and Meat markets slow and featureless.
Japanese Bond Subscriptions. ■
"" !. linal payment on th? recent issue of
. /;u'anese bonds in this marker falls due to
daj . The amount subscribed here was about
~ £250,009, or, tn round numbers, $1,250,000.
Humboldt Savings Bank.
1 bs Humboldt Savings Dank has issued its
semi-annual statement, ln which
~- calls attention to its unbroken line of sev
enty-one seml-annuai dividends to depositors.
Ihe statement shows a gain of over 20 per
i snt in deposits during the past year. The
i aTik has loans on real estate of $3,165,709.
l>.-vhs end Investments on bonds of $701,253. i
lias deposits of $3,857,363 and as a proof of |
Its pro»:«rity is now putting up a fine new
office building on Its old site on Geary street.
Stocks of Grain.
... Henry' C. Bunker, chief grain inspector of
• '.:ie. Merchants' Exchange, reports stocks of
grain In regular warehouse and on wharf Jan
uary 1 as follows. In tons:
—--WHEAT
Dec. L Jan. t.
. I ',rt < osta 20.801 21.407
Stockton 24,235 22.488
Oty 1.000 2,385 I
..' ' • —BARLEY—- |
Dec. L Jan. t.
Port Ceeta 21.884 11.320 1
.Stockton 10,357 7.759
City 3.921 2.919 |
Dec. L Jan. L
*. a 'ta 4.036 3,254 i
• < orn 467 « 431
.Bran v~. 231 279
Beans, sacks 150.265 154.057
The rwceipts in December were 21,048 tons of
.Wheat, 20.017 tons Barley, 2682 tons Oats, 1293
tons Corn. 1946 tons Bran and 46,444 sacks of
Becns. J
The Lumber Market.
. Pacific Coast Wood and Iron says of lum
'•'.ber:
"The year just closed has been a memor
able one for both redwood and the product
.• of Oregon and Washington mills. While the
'.manufacturers of redwood have succeeded in
-matatainlng prices and making money, the
■.mills of the Northwest have not done as well.
They have had several depressing Influences.
First, there was an overproduction, the for
' elgn or offshore demand tailing to almost
."nothing; and second, the freight rate to the
Missouri River was almost prohibitive.
•At the close of 19C3 the prioe of Oregon
• lumber was $10 20; It closed 1904 at $7 30
• for rough, which was really below the cost
of manufacture. Many of the larger mills
• wisely closed down, preferring to wait until
'a' demand springs up. which it is piedlcted
will come early In the season, aa It Is hoped
that, the large stocks in Australia and the
island,, of the Pacific will be worked off and
. orders- again flood the market.
• "California has had a prosperous year and
. alf oVOf the State fair prieea for lumber
';have prevailed. At Los Angeles there has
'been a rather slow year. Large quantities
•of lumber have beon disposed of, but there j
has been a cut In prices that has naturally
resulted In a loss to the handlers of both
' nine and redwood.
"Th* mountain mills have done well and
on the whole have had a prosperous year.
..V great showing will be made .in mountain
pine In .1905. and if thcrailroada deal.Justly
'with- the millmen the East will receive
..a.'Rood supply, not only of redwood, but sugar
'{15.i yellow pine. Shingles have done well.
The new year opens well for all concerned and
. j>roi»perts are very bright. Th« lumbermen ot
nhe eras' have every reason to expect great
thine? of 1906."
FASTERX MARKETS.
Now York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.—Close—Money on call.
• Vteady. 2fr3% per cent; closing bid, 2%; of
fered, 2% per cent.
Time loans, easy and dull; sixty days and
"ninety days. Stj'SH per cent; six months, 3%©
3% per cent.
Prime mercantile pa:*>r, 4|r4% per cent.
Sterling exchange, easy, closed firmer, with
. actual business in bankers" bills at $4.87t*
4 871 for demand and at $4.847504.848 for sixty
• daj bills.
. -Posted rates. g4.85H94.88.
commercial bills. $4.84%.
Bar sliver, 61 He
Mexican dollars. 48c.
Government bonds, steady; railroad bonds,
easy.
' • Now York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.—There was a decided
" abatement of speculative Interest in stocks,
■ and a resulting heavy Irregular tone ln the
•day's dealings. To some extent this was un
doubtedly due to the fear that the advances
• of yesterday were too fast a pace for the health
of. the market. There was a perceptible sen
sitiveness also to the constant fluctuations in
Amalgamated Copper, which continues to bo
.regarded as & danger point by a large element
among the operators since their experience a
few weeks ago. The threatening utterances
•from the same source as at the time of the
previous break in the stock keepe alive this
..spirit of apprehension. The stimulating ef
. feet of the Northern Securities decision had
lost some of Its force to-day, and Northern
' Securities on the curb and all the stocks re
lated to it on the exchange were reactionary.
It Is taken for granted that plans are far ad
vanced toward an agreement. But there is a
remaining force in the consideration that the
. terms fixed for the redistribution of the prop
erties In the merger will end the control se
cured by the Union Pacific of the old North
ern Pacific, thus in a measure relegating con
. dfti >ns to the same state as that existing be
fore the colossal contest between the mag
. nates of the railroad world In 1901. There
was an Inclination to depend more upon the
expected January Investment demand for secur-.
itles. Thia proved to be of moderate propor
tions and was met by offerings on the part -
of the dealers, who had taken stocks ln an
ticipation of this demand. There were sus
taining points in the market, however, which
held prices against any severe reaction. New
" York Central was notably strong and reports
persisted of a large Interest concerned In this
property by Union Pacific and Standard Oil
interests, which would tend to harmonise its
operation with other railroad properties. The
. "marked buying for London account was felt
as. yesterday. The offering of the Irish land I
purchase loan absorbed a large Interest in that
market, and preparatione for the Russian loan
• o,i the Continent formed another deterrent in
;■ ftuence. The money market here continued
extremely easy, but the rate of the goH outgo i
■ was of some sentimental influence on the stock !
market. In addition to the week's export* to
Fiance and South America it waa intimated !
that gold was likely to be shipped from San ,
Francisco to Japan on account of deposits ■
at the New York Sub-Treasury. The only oc
. casion that can call for shipments to Japan
st this time would be on account of New York
subscriptions on the Japanese loan. It is in
■ terestlng to recall that at the time of the last
■ Russian loan It was alleged that its flotation
• was facilitated by reason of disbursements In
, the world's markets of drafts on deposits in 1
•European banks of the proceeds of the former
• Japanese loan. The calling borne by Japan
- ot Its foreign deposits would promise a con
trary effect. *
- v R alltoad net earnings reported for Novem
ber showed good increases, an important In
nance being Union Pacific. The reactionary
tendency in the market, however, prevailed,
find the close was weak.
so N°nds were easy. Total sales, par ralue,
Pnited States bonds were unchanged on call.
New York Stock List.
' E F. Hutton A Co., 490 California street.
San Francisco, members of the New York
M"ok Rxchange, furnish the following official
quotations of- that Exchange:
Sales. ( STOCKS. |HWrh|Low.| Bld.| Ask.
■ • •- Exprees .1 » It36 I2SO
.2,700 Amals; Copper ..I 74% 72%T T2%J 73
|Amer Can C0...J j 11% I 12
--j Do pfd '.62% I 63%
%*l A ™ Car&FyOa 34% 34%j 34%; 34%
Do pfd 64% »4%l 94%! »4%
200 Am Cotton Oil. J 36% 86%: 35%[''36%
Oo pfd ] 94 I 07
Am E4«t Tel 38 89%
■. Am Express 208 I212
1,000 Am Gr Twine Co 14 18% 18%j 13%
*°0 Am Hide A L,... 10% 10% 10% 10%
. Do Pfd 47 46% 46% 47
;American loe Qtl\ «u
L Do Pfd 87 I 38
}Atn Linseed 1RU| 1714
••V—» DopM i 1 1 w til
STOCKS.
I 2,OU0;Am Locomotive. I 35%i 35 | 34%
I , Do pfd vl i 1103
1.2oo.Am Malt | «%| 7 6%
Do pfd I i I 26
13,ttoo.Am Sm&Rf Co| 83%| 82%i 82%
4i«u; Do pfd |113%ill3 ,114
3.500 Am Sugar |143%il43 1142%
i Do pfd j 1138
[Am Tel & T Co.] 1 |147
|Am Tob pfd ; [ i 92
|Am Woolen 1 j 22%
1 Do pld I j 1 »2
l.OOOj Anaconda ,1C9 [108 108
[Ann Arbor 1 81
I Do pfd 1 1 62
1 K.Goo A T A S F i 88%j 87%, 87%
I 1.7001 Do pfd |101%ll01 [100%
12.700,Bait & Ohio |105%;105 106
lOOj Do pfd I i »5%
,Bay State Gas. [ %
3.900*B R T I 62%! 61% 62
Brook L'n Gas..[ 1 208
[Bruns D & I ( 12
iButterick Co ...| ).• 67
12.100 Canadian Pacific 133% 133%[133*
3.2oo C & O I 49*! *8%l
300 C A A i 43%l 43 I 42%
loo; Do pfd I I 80
30,2O0|C ft G W 24%) 23% 23%
! I Do pM A 67 I
1001 Do pfd B 35% j 36 36%
Do debs 1 ; 86
2.900 C & N W ;210 ,209%,2oS%
7.500(0 M A St P....,174%'l73V4jl73%
100; Do pfd |184
200;C R 1 & P (new); 37% 36%[ 37
200 Do pfd I 85 , 84% i 83%
4.90o'Chlcago Term ..] 11 8% 8
7.100 Do pfd 1 22%! 21%i 18
3,300|Chleago Un Tracj 10% | 9% 9%
300 Do pfd 42 j 40% 39
2.000 C C C A St L 91%' 91% 91%
'.. Do pfd 112
Cleve lor & \V 78
I t Do pfd 102%
9,800 Colo Fuol & Iron 48% 47%; 47%
J Do pfd 80
700;Colum H C & I..I 17% 17 17
4(iO Colorado So 23% i 23% 23%
SOO! Do 1st pfd ...I 62%, 62 ! 62
Do 2d pfd 38%
3.ooo'Oonsol Gas. .... Il97%197 197
1.100.Con Tob Co pfd 128V*
200|Corn Products .. 21%! 21% 21%
[ Do pfd I 77%
l.lOOiDet & Hudson .!185% 184% 184
I |D L A W ) 840
!D A R G 1 32
200' Do pfd i 86%i 86% 86%
iDes M & Ft D... 1 24
Detroit L'n Ry 78
SOo Detroit So 7 0% 6%
400: Do pfd 34 I 33%! 34
iDlamond Match 136%
400|Dis Securities i 39%
I Do bonds 79
Duluth S S A A 12
! Do pfd 26 ! 25% K%
105.SOO.Erie 40*1 89%. 30^,
21.300, I>o 1st pfd ... 77% 7>iV 77U
9,500 Do 2d pfd 58% 56%l 58
IE A T H I 67
I Do pfd ■ 83
ft W A DC . I 42
Gen Chemical ...I 60
.... 1 Do pfd I... ..!.. ...jlOO
600 Gen Electric ,.. ."187% lS«U't86%
..lOreat No pfd ....!..:.. 236
(Green Cons Cop. | 26 ]
Havana Tob Co .1 1 [33 I
I Do pfd ! ! I 42%]
4<*> Hocking Valley ..; 91 90 90%;
600! Do pfd j < 112 1
1,600 Illinois Central . 167%. 156% 1150% I
400;Inter Paper i 23 j 22% 22%
400| Do pfd • 77 76% [ 76*4
Inter Power 66%
Ilnter Pump 38%
Do pfd 87
Iowa Central j 30%
Do pfd I 56%
'Kanawha & Mch! 1 37
!K <• FtS ft*M pfd ! t 82
500 Kans City So ... 28% 28*1 28%
500 Do pfd 52% 52%! 52
IKeokuk & Des M j 14
Lake E A West. 87
Do pfd I 95
Long Island 1 57
1.300|Louis A Nash... [141% !140% [140%]
;Mackays j j 38%
Do pfd ..' I 74
2.800!Manhattan |166% 165%il66 \
JManhattn Beachj 9%
11.30C'Metropolitan Sec.I 79% 79 78%
1.1001 Met St Ry |120% 120 V., 120% I
42.700iMexican Central 24%; 22* 23% I
IMinn A St L. ..I 51 I
I Do 1st pfd.... 80 I
100 M. St P & S S Mj 1 90
I Do pfd j j 146%!
OOOiMo, Kan & Tex. 88%I 32 j 31%:
1.600! Do pfd 63% 62%! 63%
1 Missouri Pacific. 108%107%T07%
60ft Nash, C A St L. 141 140 140
■v* lOOiNational Lead 24
I Do pfd 98
NtlRRMexpfd 41% 40% 40%
(National Biscuit 56%
1 I*> Pfd 116* 118 115
800;New Jersey Cen. 192 1190% 1191
400 N Y Air Brake. | 157
23,30o New York Cen.. !146% 144% 145%
M Y, C A St L. 43
j Do 1st pfd....1 1 110
Do 2d Pfd 75
New York Dock.! |
IN Y, N H A H.t 198
400 N Y, Ont & W.l 41 40%! 40%
1.700!Norfolk A West) 80%! 79%' 79%
Do pfd 92
SOO North American. il02 i 101% 101
Northern Sees...! 1 133%
Omaha j [ 152
Do pfd J 187
O S L 4s { f 104
Pacific Coast j 1 80
Do 1st pfd ( 1 98
Ds 2d pfd 86
4,000;Paclfic Mall 49% 47%j 47%
22,300;Penn R R Co... 139%!l38%!l38%
OOOPeople's Gas 108 107%
....... iPere Marquette j 75
! Do pfd 79
P. C. C ft St L 77
Do pfd 106
(Pressed Steel Car 88% 38%! 38
2001 Do pfd 90% 90%| »0%
lOOlPullman Car Oo. 237 237 235
!Ry Steel Springs 33
! Do pfd 94% 94 I 94
fl.SOOiReadtng 81% 79% 80%
1,100 Do 1st pfd 82 92 91%
400! Do 2d pfd 85 85 83%
lOOIRepubllc S ft 1 16%
400! .Do pfd 70%
500iRubber Goods... 27% 26% 26%
100! Do pfd 95% 95%l 94
Sloss S 8 ft I Co I 62%
Do pfd....'.... j 102
>St J ft G I j [ f 15%
I Do 1st pfd 65
j Do 2d pfd 26
800 StLftS F 1st pfd 79 j
700i Do 2d pfd ... 71% 71 70%
N)olst L A 8 W ... 25% 25% 25
2,000! Do pfd 58% 58 68%!
21,600|Southern Pac .. 68%( 65%! 65%
! Do pfd 116% 115% 115%
6.5<h> Southern Ry ... 36 35 85
100 Do pfd 96%
Standard Oil 630
;Standard R A T 2%
2,200 Tenn Coal A I.. 72% 71% 71%
: Texas P L T Co 88 I
2.400;Texas Pacific .. 85% 35%l 35%!
iThlrd Avenue 1180
Toledo RftTCb 20%
Toledo St L ft W 86
200 Do pfd 54
100 Twin City R T. 106 106 105%
206 Union Bag ft P. 10% 10% 10
600 Do pfd 73%f 73% 78
76.800'Unlon Pacific ... 118% 114% 114%
700! Do pfd 97% 97% 91%
i Do cijnv 4a J16
United Copper 7%
United R of S F 30
Do pfd 66
I Do 4a 87
6,800 U 8 Cast I Pipe 23% 20% 22%
8,3001 Do pfd 81% 79% 80%
1,000 U S Leather ... 13% 13% 13%
1.700 Do pfd 102 101% 101%
7,100 U S Rubber .... 35% 34 I 36
2.900] Do pfd 90% 99 9S%
33,«00|U 8 Steel Or... 30% 29% 29%
24.401V Do pfd 93% 92% 92%
23,900jVa-Car fChem Co 38%l 37% 38
Do l>fd 108
400 Wabash 21% 21% 21%
400 Do pfd 43% 43 42%
Do deb Rs 66%
I Welle Fargo Ex 233
■ 1,600!Western Union.. 95% 94% 94%
800 Westlnghouse .. 180 180 180%
Do 1st pfd 190
400 W ft L E 18% 18% 18%
Do 1st Pfd 45
200 Do 2d pfd ... 26 26 25% 1
800 Wisconsin Cen .. 22% 22% 22
I
.....
1141%
79%
120%
24%
• •.
or
■
:
26 !
1 33 I
! _%
| 90 90%;
112
i 156% 1166% I
22% 22%
76%) 76%
66%
38%
87
30%
66%
37
82
I 28% 28%
I 52% B3
I : M
I 37
I 95
I i 67
:i40%il40%]
j i 2?%
I 74
79
120 %
; 22*
, 12
1 87
[133%
48%
42'2
i 80
23%
67
36%
86
1 ao
,208%
(173%
184
[ 37
I 83%
8
18
j 9%
39
91%
112
78
1102%
17%
S'.t
17
2!l%
! 62
I 36%
197
128%
:
) 77%
1184 \
105
95%
%:
62
32
*.(•*,
24
78 !
I «%!
! 3 * j
136%
i 38%'
-•1
I 12 |
a%
■
77 U
r..s
j 67
1 S3
: 42
! 60
74
1166
i 7%
I 27%
I 83
ll40
!149
. »*
! 23
I »3%
[109
I 35
63
! 87%
,101V4
1105%
, 96
I 7-16
! 62%
|212
I 14
! "i
;133%
! 43%
I 83%
i 23%
1 70
36
,1T3%
188
■a
18%
10
43
92
11*0
I 80
HO
\sa
I 63
I 37
197%
128%
i 21%
j 78
1185
341
33%
Mi%
28
78%
I 7
I 33
! 140
I 39%
! 79%
13%
I 7??
58%
I 69
j 88
45
64
;102
'1S«
1SS
242
i 26%
I 34
VP
113
1157 V.
22%
! 77
j 67%
39
88
31
56%
38
! 82%
i 20
j 52%
i 17
: ao
11
79
j
'..,..\
.....
32
1 62%
107%
140
51 60
80 95
90 80%
146% 147
81% 31%
G3% 64
107% ;107%
'«%'
iieii
.....
1*0% j
iiie""
140 j
24
98
40% I
56%
Ins ;
[101 I
157
140 142
24 25
98 98%
*0%j 41%
56%! 57
115 116
191 1192
157 1.M1
i46%|
I
144%;
104
145% 145 V4
43 45
no h?n
I
110
110 [tzo
75 77%
28
198 199%
40%! 40%
.....
1 ;
I- 80 *,
,**o%
! 79%
ioi%
79% 79%
92 96
101 101%
133% 1134
152 157
187 195
, I
1.-2
181
I i
f I
•'***?
[ !
! i
104 106
80 81
98 1105
86 ! 87%
47%! 48 '
138% 138%
107% 107%
75 80
79 81
TT I T-T./
..... 73
108
;io7'
i 7B
81
!
I
Tt 77%
106 1107
38 39
90% 91
235 240
33 38%
94 95
80% 80%
91% 92%
83% 85
16% 17%
70% 71%
26% 27%
84 95%
«2* 88
102 102%
kit*.
90%
94''
I?*
92
85
:::::
15% 16%
65 58
26 28
78 80
70% 71
25 25%
68%! 5»
1
i',
'7i%
i
ioa"
:::::
i 22
IS*
23
81%
13%
101%
36%
09%
80
92t4
21%
43
38%
110
22
43%
87
246
95
180%
196
10%
I 45%
27
23
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1905.
3001 Do pfd | 46%| *6%! 45%! 46
838,600— Total shares sold.
New York Bonds.
U S ref 2s reg. .104%iJapan 6s. cert.... 95%
Do coupon 104% l, A N unified 45.102%
Po 3s reg 103%! Man con gold 45.106
Do coupon 104%iMex Central 45... 75
Do new 4s reg. 130%: Do Ist mc 25%
Do coupon 130%!Minn & St L 45.. 97
Do old 4e reg.los%!M. X & Texas 4s. 101
Do coupon 106%! Do 2ds 86%
Amer Tob 4s. cert 71% NR of Mcx con 4s 81
Do.6s. cert ...110HIN V C gen $%«.. 99%
Atch gen 4s 103 V n J C g*n 5s 134
Do adj 4s 94%! Nor Pacific 4s 106
Atlantic C L 4s. 101 ! Do 3s 77%
Bait A Ohio 4s. 103%iNor ft W con 4s. 101%
Do 3%s 94%10 S L refdg 45.. 97
Central of Ga ss. 113% Pa cony 3%s 104
Do Ist Inc 92 |Reading gen 45... 101
Do 2d mc 71%'S -L 41 M con 68.117
Ches A Ohio 4%5.107VS L A S F fg 4s. 88%
Chi ft Alton 3%5. 80%|st L SW con 45.. 81
C. B ft Q new 4s. 99 V Seaboard A L 4s. 81%
C. R I ft Pac 4s. 82H!So Pacific 4e 95%
Do col 5s 95%!50 Railway 5s 118
C.r.c ft SLgn 45.101 ITex A Pac 15t5..120%
Chi Term 4s 87'4!T01. St L ft W 4s. 84
Colo Midland 4s. 74%'Unlon Pacific 45..105%
Colo A So 45.... 91%( Do cony 4s 11414,
Cuba Bs. cert 103% I' S Steel 2d 55.. 92%
Den A Rio G 4s. 100 I Wabash lsts 118
Dlst Securities 5s 79% Do deb B 66%
Erie prior lien 4s. 100%' Western Md 45... 90%
Do gen 4s 91%'W ft L Erie 45... 93
F W A D C lsts.loß%|Wls Central 45... 81
Hock Val 4%5.. .109 j
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 05
Alice 65! Ontario I 7-">
Breece 18 Ophlr 7 00
Bruns Con 081 Phoenix 10
Com Tunnel COlPotosi 28
Con Cal ft Va... 2 lOtSavage 40
Horn Silver 1 50!Slerra Nevada 60
Iron Silver 2 00: Small Hope* . 23
Leadvllle Con 02! Standard 1 50
Boston Stocks and Bond?.
Money— |U S Steel 28%
Call loans 2%®1%; Do pfd 92%
Time loans 3%©4%! Westing Common. 88
Bonds — 1 Mining—
Atchison 4s 102%! Adventure 6%
Do adj 4s 94 lAlloues 20%
Mcx Central 45... 74 a meal Copper 72%
Railroads — I Amer line 12%
Atchison 87% Atlantic 17%
Do pfd 101 (Bingham 34
Boston A Albany.2sl ICalumet & Hecla.Bss
Boston A Maine.l 73 iCentennlal 25%
Boston Elev 156 ICopper Range ... <;9%
Fitchhurg pfd 142 Daly West 12%
Mcx Central 23%1D0m Coal 61
N Y. N H A H..188 (Franklin 11%
Pere Marquette... 78 iGrancv 5%
Union Pacific 114%!1.ie Royale 27
Miscellaneous— iVgsa Mining .... 9%
Amer Arge Chem. 20%'Mlchigan 10%
Do pfd 86 I Mohawk 53%
Amer Pneu Tube. 5 I Mont Coal A Coke 5
Amer Sugar 143 |OM Dominion ... 25%
Do pfd i:;8%iO«eeola '.' *7
Amer Tel A Te1.147 IParrot 30
Amer Woolen ... 22VQulncy 110
Do nfd 92% Shannon 8%
Dom Iron A 5... 19 (Tamarack 122
Ed Elect Ilium .252 'Trinltv 10
Gen Electric 185tMU S Mining 24%
Mass Electric 13%'U S Oil 11
Do pfd 69 I'tah 42
Mass Ges 38V, | Victoria 5%
United Fruit 10".%' Winona 12.
Un Shoe Mach... 66 IWolverlne 105
Do pfd 31%'
London Closing Stocks.
Cons money 88 9-t6'N V Central Il 4 -';
Do acct 88%iNor & Western... 82%
Anaconda 5%! Do nfd 95%
Atchison 90% Ont ft Western... 42'
Do rfd ~- 103%:pennsylvanla 71^
Rait A Ohio 107% Rand Mines 11%
Can Pacific 137. Reading 40*4.
Ches A Ohio 50%' Do Ist pfd 47
Chi Great West.. 24 ! Do 2d pfd 43
Chi. Mil ft st P.i7o%i«i o Railway .v%
De Beers 17%; Do rvfd 99
Den A Rio G 33%'50 Pacific 67%
Do pfd 79% Union Pacific . ...11«%
Erie 41%; Do nfd 09..
Do Ist pfd 79% !U S Steel 31%
Do 2d pfd 58% I Do pfd 06
111 Central 161 IWnbash 22
Louis A Nash 144% Do pfd 44
M X A Texas... V. I
Bar silver—Steady; 28 3-1 M per ounce
Money—l%<fl% per ir-ent.
The rste of discount In the open market for
short bills Is J per cent snd for threj
months' bills 2%<p2 7-16 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON Jan. 4 —T»-dav>' Treasury
statement: Available cash balance .$145"
--538,768; gold. $79,126,468.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.—Cotton futures opened
steady. January. 6.86 c: February, 6 91c:
March. 6.97 c: April, 7.07 c; May. 7.07 c June'
7.15 c; July. 7.28 c.
Futures closed barely steady. January.
690 c; March. 7.06 c: April. 7.15 c; May 7 18c
.Tube. 7.26 c: July, 7.30 c; August 7.34 c'; Octo
ber. 7.40 c
Spot closed quiet. 25 points higher. Mid
dling Uplands. 7.35 c Middling Gulf. 7.60 c.
Salee, "none.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.—FLOUR—Receipts,
43,000 barrels: exports, 430 barrelß. Market
firm, but very quiet.
WHEAT—Receipts. 46.800 bushels. Spot. Ir
regular: No. 2 red. $1 12% elevator and $1 22%
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 26%
f. o. b. afloat. On higher cables, foreign buy
ing, a bullish Ohio State crop report and small
Interior receipts wheat advanced early, selling
off later on offerings from bull houses. At
midday the list turned stronger on a bullish
Bradstreets report, closing %«v%c net higher.
May. $1 14 11-10©$1 15 9-10. closed $1159-16;
July, $1 03i31 03%, closed $1 03%.
HOPS—Firm.
HlDES—Steady.
WOOL—Steady.
PETROLEUM—Easy. Refined. New York,
$7 50; Philadelphia and Baltimore, $7 45; do, in
bulk. $4 BS.
COFFEE— The market for coffee futures
closed net unchanged to 5 points lower. Total
sales. 77.500 bags, including: March. 7 90c;
April. 8.06 c: May. 8.1508.20 c: July. 8.85 c; Sep.
tember, 5.5598.60f: December, 8.75(58.800; spot,
steady.
SUGAR—Raw, firm; refined, firm.
BUTTER—Firmer. Official prices: Cream
ery, held, common to ey***. 2C®26%c; reno
vated, common to extra, 14«?21 %c.
CHEESE—Strong.
EGGS —Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES—The market Is
firmly held, although the demand is quiet.
Common are quoted at 44&4% c: prime, 4%0?5c;
choice. 5%®5%c; fancy, 6<g7c.
PRUNES —Remain quiet, but the undertone
reflects firm advices from the coast. Small
sizes are said to be in very light supply. Quo
tations locally range from 2c to 5%c for Cali
fornia grades.
APR I COTS — Are still scarce and firmly held.
Choice are quoted at 9%©10 c; extra choice,
lOHQIIc.
PEACHES—Are moving very slowly, but,
being in light supply, are also firm, with
choice quoted at 9%c; extra choice, 10%@10%c;
fancy, 11%012c.
Xew York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.—While the London tin
market was slightly easier, closing at £132
for spot and £131 7s 6d for futures, the local
market shewed steadiness and was held around
S2!)'a29 15 for spot, with some dealers asking a
little over the outside price mentioned.
Copper was higher in the English market,
London reporting spot at £68 15s and futures
at £«0. Locally the market was higher all
around. Lake in quoted at $15 25015 50; elec
trolytic. 815 12%015 26; canting, fl4 76«n4 87%.
Lead was steady In the local market at un
changed prices. In London the quotations were
higher at £13.
Spelter was unchanged in London. The local
market Is firmer. While quotations range from
$6 10 to $6 15. it is doubtful If much business
can be put through at anything under the out
side prices.
Iron was higher by about a shilling in the
English market, with Ola—ow closing at 55s
and Middlesboro at 60s 6%d. Locally the mar
ket was unchanged.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.—Special telegraph
communications received by Bradstreet's show
the following changes ln available supplies, aa
compared with last week:
Wheat —United States and Canada east of
Rockies, decreased 639,000 bushels: afloat and
In Europe, decrease 8.200.000 bushels; total
supply, decrease 2.561.000 bushels.
Corn —United States and Canada east of
Rockies, Increased 2,787.000 hushels.
Oat* —United States and Canada east of
Rockies, decreased 836,000 bushels.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Jan. 4.—lnfluenced by higher ca
bles and an Improvement in cash demand for
both wheat and flour, the wheat market opened
firm. May was up %c to %o%c at $114% to
$1 14%0>114%. Commit on houses were fair
buyers. Many of yesterday's sellers reinstated
their ltnea during the first few minutes of trad
ing. At the time offerings were comparatively
light, and among the reasons for the tenjaclty
of tbe longs was the bullish crop report. Aa
the day advanced pit traders sold more freely,
but the market eased off considerably, May de
clining to $118%. During the last part of tbe
session, however, sentiment again became bull
ish. Southwestern reports denote practical ex
haustion of winter wheat. Kansas City and St-
Louis to-day only receiving 91.000 bushels.
Total primary- receipts are little more than one
half what they were a year ago. The princi
pal factor, however in the late situation was a
decrease of 2,561,000 bushels in the world's
available stocks. The market closed at prac
tically the highest point of the day. Final
quotations on May were at 91 14%©1 14%.
Liberal receipts and a large increase in the
world's visible supply made sentiment ln the
corn pit bearish. May opened unchanged to %c
lower at 44%044%c, sold off to 44% c and
closed at the opening price.
Weakness of corn was the governing factor
of the oate market. May opened a shade to
%o%c lower at 8l'«'5:n l l c and rallied within
the opening range, the close being at 31 %c.
■Provisions were weak throughout the entire
sesskin. At the close all May products were
off 17>4c.
The leading futures ranged as followa:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May 1 14% 1 14% 1 13% 1 14%
July 98% 98% 98% 98%
Corn No. 2 —
January 41% 41% 41% 41%
May 44% 44% 44% 44%
July 45 45 44% 44%
Oats No. 2—
January 29% 29% 29% 29%
May 31% 31% 31% 31 %
July 31% 84% 31 31%
Meat Bork, per barrel —
January 12 35 12 35 12 20 12 22%
May 12 80 12 80 12 60 12 62%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January ti 75 6 75 6 60 6 62%,
May 7 02% 7 02% 685 6 87%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs-
January 6 37% « 37% 6 32% 635
May 7. 670 670 6 62% 6 62%;
Cash Grain* and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Jan. 4.—Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour soft winter, firm, other steady:
No. 2 sprl.ig wheat, Sl 1001 15; No. 3, CBe©
$1 12; Nu. 2 red. 51 15%©1 17%;.N0. 2 corn,
42% c; No. - yellow. 42% c; No. 2 oats. 29%<i:
No. 2 white, 31 %c; No. 3 white. 30031 %c; No.
2 rye 75c; good feeding barley. 30037 c; fair
to choice malting. 41<ff48c; No. 1 flaxseed,
81 15; No. I Northwestern, $1 22%; prime
tlmothv seed, 82 75; mess pork, per barrel,
$12 25© 12 Sl%; lard, per 100 pounds. 86 62%;
short ribs sides (loose), $« 12%06 37%; short
clear siues i boxed). $6 C 2%©6 75; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 24; clover, contract
grade. $12 75.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 17,600 27.000
Wheat, bushels 78,000 67,200
Corn, bu-.hels 852,000 440.100
Oats, bushels 178.400 31(1.200
Rye. bushels 2.000 4.700
Barley, bushels 113.700 20,400
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Jan. 4. —On the Produce Ex
change to-day tl-e butter market was steady;
creameries. 17028 c; dairies. 16©24 c; egg 3, firm
at mark, 20©24 c; ohtese, firm, 11012 c.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Chicago.
CHICAGO. Jan. 4.—CATTLE—Receipts. 12,
--000; steady. Good to prime steers, $5 5«0
0 28; poor to medium. $3-7o**s 35; stockers and
feeders, $2 3004: cows. $1 2504 10; heifers.
$205; canners. $1 25©2 40: bulls, $204; calves,
$3 1007.
HOGS —Receipts. 30.000; to-morrow. 80,000;
strong. Mixed and butchers. $4 3504 70. good
to choice heavy. $4 6504 77%: rough heavy.
?4 4004 00; light, $4 3004 60; bulk of sales,
$4 40fi4 65.
SHEEP—Receipts. 15.000; sheep, strong;
lambs. 10c higher. Good to choice wethers,
$4 9005 0o; fair to choice mixed, $3 7604 80;
Western sheep. S3 5008 60; native lambs,
tt 5006 80; Western lambs, $5 5007.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Jan. 4.—CATTLE -
Receipts. 5000: market SiftlOc higher. Native
steers. $3 75ii6; native cows and heifers, $1 75
04 50; stockers and feeders. $3 7504; bulls,
J2 i"i'a4; calves. $306 50; Western fed steers,
*:*. Must,") Western fed cows. $1 75©3 60.
HOGS—Receipts. 11.000; strong to 5c higher.
Bulk of sales. $4 600465; heavy, $4 Wi 535:
peckers, *4 4504 60; pigs and light. $4 400
4 4,'.. •
SHEEP -Receipts. 20O(>: strong: lambs. $50
7; range wethers. $4 70f?6 15; ewes. $105.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Nebr, Jan. 4.- CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 1900: strong to 10c higher. Native
steers, sn 23©5 7-">: cows and heifers. $2 500
4: canners. ?1 7582 10; st-x-kers and feeders.
s-J 9004; calves S2 SOWS 50; bulls and stags,
Sl 75«3 .Vi.
HOGS —Receipts. 7000: shade higher. Heavy,
$4 4i'Tj4 10; mixed. $4 42%fi4 47%: light.
$4 40(34 47%; pigs, *4U4 4o; bulk. $4 42%0
4 r.2%.
SHEEP —Receipts. 5R0O; actfve to strong.
Western yearling.". $308 60: wethers, $4 .800
5 40: ewes. $401 ,V> himhs. $5 5006 75.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS. j
Foreign Futures.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening J % 7 % 7 %
Closing ttt 7 1 7 % 7 %
PARIS.
Wheat — Jan. May Aug.
Opening 23 75 24 80
Closing 83 75 24 75
Flour—
Opening 31 35 32 45
Closing 31 30 32 25
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 4 -Wool, steady. Medium
grades, combing and clothing. 23029 c; light
fine, 10©22% c; heavy fine, H018c; tub washed
27041 c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTIaAND, Jan. 4— WHEAT: For ex
port—Walla Walla. 81c: Bluestem. 85c. Mill
ing—Walla Walla. 85c: Bluestem. 88©«0c; Val
ley; 87c. Eastern basis—Walla Walla, BioSsc;
Bluestem, 90c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jon. 4. —WHEAT—Steady, un
changed. Bluestem. SSc; Club, 85c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Jan. 4.—Clearings, $948,948; bal
ances. '149.447.
TACOMA, Jan. 4 — Clearings. $682,439; bal
ances, ?4r>,7T.7.
B RTLAND. Jan. 4.—Clearings, $858,252;
balances, ?127,400.
SPOKANE, .lan. 4.—Clearings, $541,709;
balances, $44,ti?:;
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver is %c lower.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days. .$4 85 0 —
St-iiing Exchange, .sight 4 87%0 —
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 87%0 —
New York Exchange, sight .... 02%0 —
New York Exchange, telegraphic 06 0 —
Silver, per ounce 61 %0 —
Mexican Dollars 49%0 —
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris 5.15
New York on Mexico 203
Paris on London 25.13%
Berlin on London 20.40%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT —The foreign markets showed no
particular change. Chicago was %c higher on
the day. The car shortage is now passing
away, as shown by the following dispatch
from Chicago:
"Practically all the Eastern roads were in
the grain trade yesterday, offering cars for
immediate loading. One shipping house re
ported to have been offered 200 cars and sim
ilar tenders were made to many. The Eastern
roads are beginning to get back the first rush
of cars sent forward early In December. From
a condition amounting practically to a block
ade appearance in the December rush to the
railroads we now see a period of dullness
ahead."
In this market futures were higher, with the
May shorts anxious to cover, but sellers scarce.
The cash grain was steady and unchanged.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 4501 62%; California
White Australian, $1 6001 62%; Northern
Club. $1 5001 55; Northern Bluestem, $1 600
1 62%; Northern Red. $1 47% per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Cloee.
May $1 46% $1 46% $1 46% $1 46%
December—No sales: $1 32% bid. $1 33 asked.
2 p. m. Session.
May—sl 46%.
BARLEY—The cash Feed was higher, a sale
being reported at $1 16%. There were five or
■ix thousand sacks sold at $1 15 and nothing
good could be obtained under the latter figure, I
Receipts are now light and the market rules
very strong. Futures were also higher, as
will be seep, with quite a business ln May.
The French bark Emma Laurans took for
Europe 66,797 ctls, valued at $82,193.
CASH BABLEY.
Feed. $1 12%01 16%; Brewing and Shipping.
$1 17%01 20; Chevalier. $1 1501 20 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 12 $1 12% $1 12 $1 12%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 12 $1 12% $1 12 $i 12%
OATS —The scarcity of Red has created an
Increased demand for Black, which are higher, :
as will be seen. There are no other changes,
but the whole market Is firm, with light re- I
ceipts and stocks.
White. $1 4501 57%; Surprise. $1 5501 60;
Red for feed, $1 4501 50 far No. 1 and
II 4001 42% for No. 2; choice, for seed.
$1 5001 55; Black. $1 3501 45 for feed and
$1 6001 66 for seed.
CORN—There is nothing new to report, the
market being quiet, with offerings in excesu ,
of the demand.
Western sacked. $1 260 1 30 for new Yellow
White and Mixed; new California large
Yellow, $1 27%01 30; small round do. 21 660 i
1 80; White. $1 27%01 30: Egyptian $1 850
I 37% for White and $1 17%01 20 for Brown.
RYE—sl 42%©1 47% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—-$1 600 1 75 per ctl.
Floor and Miilstaffs.
FLOUR—California Family Extras. $4 800
6 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 7005;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $404 50
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS—Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 Ita;
Ryi Flour. $3 25 (in barrels $4 75); Rye Meal.
$3 60 (ln barrels $4 60): Rice Flour. $7- Corn
Meal. $2 60;. extra cream do, $3 t»; Oat Meal.
$4; Oat Gfbats, $4 25; Hominy, $3 60©J 85;
Buckwheat Flour $4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 <5;
Farina $4; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 SO; Rolled
Oata, bbls $6 730 7 50; in sacks, $4 25; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, boxes. $6 60; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and FeedstutTs.
Rolled Barley is slightly higher with the
raw grain. Bran is In light supply and very
firm. The situation in Hay Is thus expressed
ln the circular of Somers & Co.:
"For the past two weeks receipts of Hay
have been very light, but 1950 tons arriving
last week and 1970 tons the week before. This
somewhat meager supply, however, has
sufficient to meet all demands, for throughout
the holidays trade has been quiet and there
has been but little of interest to report.
"During the last fortnight two vessels have
cleared for Oriental ports, taking perhaps twr
thousand tons of Hay. But stocks on storage
ln San Francisco have been heavy and these
shipments have had little effect other than to
reduce them, the shippers not having to go on
the market to secure the Hay. The United
States Government has just been in the market
for 1000 tons for prompt shipment, but even
this we think, will have little or no effect
on market conditions especially since the
entire State has had a good rain, giving us
some assurance of good crops next season.
"The United States Weather Bureau re
ports plowing and seeding still tn progress
and good prospects for a large acreage of Hay
and grain. Green feed Is still abundant and
with a continuance of favorable conditions we
cannot expect to see much of a change In
market conditions."
BRAN—S2OO2I 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS —$25028 per ton.
SHORTS—S2OO2I 50 per ton. ....
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $-!Ur2s
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the m;ll. $31 so©
32 50; Jobbing. 833: Cocoanut Cake. $28024;
Cocoanut Meal. $24625; Corn Meal. $31 60©
32; Cracked Corn $32032 50; Mixed Feed. $22
©23; Horse Beans. $30040 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY—Wheat. ,$9014 50; Wheat and Oat,
$9© 13 50; Oat, $9012; Barley and Oat. $S'<ilo;
Volunteer Wild Oat. $7010; stable. $9010;
stock, $5 50©7; Clover. $7© 10; Alfalfa, $9012
per ton.
STRAW—3S©6Oc per bale.
, Beans and Seeds.
Previous conditions rule and the market is
quiet.
BEANS- Bayos $2 6003: Pea. $303 50;
Butter $303 25; small White, $303 35; large
White' $2 4002 60; Pink. $2 750 8 50; Red,
$4 25@4 50; Lima $4 0504 15; Red Kidneys,
S3 5004- Llackeyes, $2 o's'd2 50 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 8502 40.
SEEDS —Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. >%©3% c; Flax. $202 75: Canary.
6%c; Alfalfa. 12%013c: Repe. 1%©2% c:
Timothy. 5%c; Hemp. 3%©3% c per lb; Mil
let. 2%©3% c; Broom Corn Seed. $20021 per
ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 75©2 50; Green
Peas. $1 7502 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The Potato market was firm for fancy of
ferings of table varieties, while off grades
continued to drag at irregular prices. Re
ceipts were moderate, but there was no scar
city of supplies, carrled-over stock being plen
tiful, and prices were without quotable change.
Onions were quiet and weak at the previously
quoted rates.
Receipts of southern vegetables were light
and Peas and Bean.<= were slightly firmer. To
matoes were still plentiful and slow of sale,
offerings being mostly poor. Green Peas ap
peared from Haywards and sold at 10c per
pound. Two sacks came in.
POTATOES—Burbanks from the river, 50©
BCe per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 1501 45 per
ctl.; Oregon Burbanks, $101 20 per ctl.;
River Rede. 50060 c per ctl; Early Rose, $10
1 20 per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, t3oc@sl per ctl.
ONIONS—S2O2 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES—Green Peas. 406 c per lb;
String Beans. 50Sc per lb: Wax Beans, 507 c;
Tomatoes. 75c©$l 25 per box or crate; Sum
mer Squash 75cS$l per box; Hothouse Cucum
bers $1 180] 5o per dozen; Cabbage. 50©ti0c
per ctl; Carrots. 30040 c per sack; Garlic. 708 c
per lb; Egg Plant. 406 c per lb for southern;
Dried Peppers, 10©12% c for sun-dried and 13©
14c per lb for evaporated: Green Peppers. 40
7c per lb; Mushrooms. 10015 c pe>- lb; Marrow
fat and Hubbard Bquash. $S©lo per ton.
« ————
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of domestic Poultry were very light,
only 26 coops being received, and the matket
continued firm for all descriptions, with large
young chickens leading In point of demand.
A car of Western wss marketed, making the
fourth for the week and another car was
hourly expected. Eight cases of dressed Tur
keys came In and met with quick sale at
good prices. Aside from a slight decline in
prices of Sprig Duck, there were no changes
in Game, which met with a slugglih demand.
POULTRY —Dreßsed Turkeys, 25028 c per lb;
Live Turkey*. 2i:©22c per lb; Geese, per pair,
$1 T502; Goslings. $202 25; Ducks, $506
per doxen- for old and $607 for young; Hens,
$4 500." for small and $5 5006 for large;
young Roosters. $5 5006; old Roosters. *40
4 50- Fryers $4 50ST5; Broilers. $2 5003 50;
Plgtons. $101 25: Squabs. $202 50.
GAME—Mallard Ducks. $2 5003 per dozen;
Canvasbaek. $2 5004: Teal. $101 25; Sprig.
$1 6002: Widgeon. $1 2501 50: Red Heads,
aa su; small Ducks. $I©l 60; Gray Geese. $3;
White Geese. $1 2601 50; Brant. $1 2502;
Honkers. $3&5; Snipe $2 50 for English end
$1 50 for common; Doves. $1 25; Hare, $1 750
2; Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and $1 50 for
Brush. . _______
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The situation ln Butter remains about as re
ported early In the week. It Is weak and
dull, with stocks plentiful and buyers indiffer
ent and the market against the seller. Some
houses are disposed to reduce their creameries
lc to work off their stocks, while others con
tinue to quote the old figures. There Is no
snap whatever to the market. The medium
goods are lower. Cheese is easy and quiet.
Eggs are weak and declining, though the
downward tendency is gradual. Some houses
still quote 40c but they are ln the minority
and are getting fewer every day. Any posted
buyer can now buy fine ranch Eggs at 350
37 %c, and it takes a special Egg to bring over
39c. Stocks are not especially heavy, but. are
Increasing, and it is this that is depressing
the market.
Receipts were 21.400 lbs Butter, 662 cases
Eggs and 7800 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER —Creamery at first hands. 23024 c
for extras and 20©22% c for lower to medium
grades; dairy, 18021 c; cold storage, nominal;
store Butter, nominal; Eastern cubes, nominal;
Eastern ladle-packed. 15016 c.
CHEESE —11011 %c for choice mild new and
10©10% c for old; cold storage. lO%011c; Young
Americas, 12©12% c; Eastern. 10018 c per lb.
EGGS —Ranch, 39040 c for extra selected,
88#SSc for good to choice and 30034 c for com
mon; store Eggs. 28030 c; cold storage. 25®
30c; Eastern. 25028 c for choice, 22024 c for
standards and 20021 c for seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Trade in Oranges continued quiet yesterday
and jobbers manifested but little Interest In
the auction sale. Eight cars of Navels,
chiefly choice and fancy fruit, were offered
and less than one car was purchased by out
siders, the balance being bought ln by the
auction company. Following were the prices
obtained: Extra fancy Navels $1 5502; or
dinary fancy, $1 5001 75; choice. $1 2001 50;
standards, $1 08© 1 15. The other Citrus fruits
were quiet and featureless. The situation in
Apples was unchanged, the market being firm
and active. A carload fruit came in
from the Hood River district of Southern Ore
gon. Some fancy yellow Newtown Pippins
sold at $1 5001 75. but for the general market
$1 25 was still regarded as an extreme figure.
Strawberries have had their run and the quo
tations are withdrawn. Cranberries are get
ting nominal, as they are almost soid out.
CRANBERRIES —$9© 10 per bbl for No. 1
and $608 for inferior Eastern.
APPLES —90c651 25 per box for fancy and
50086 c for common to choice; Lady Apples,
$1 2502 per box.
PEARS—Winter Nellls. $1 6002 per box;
cooking varieties. sOcosl per box.
PERSIMMONS—6OO7Sc per box.
CITRUS JTRUlTS—Oranges. Navels. $1 7502
per box for fancy, $1 3501 60 for choice and
$101 23 for standards; Seedlings. 75c©$l;
Tangerines. 75c for small and $1 for large
boxes; Japanese Mandarins, 75c05l per box;
Lemons, $2 5C©2 75 for fancy. $1 7502 25 for
choice and $101 50 for standards: Grape Fruit.
$1 7502 60; Mexican Limes, $404 50 per case;
Bananas, $203 per bunch for Central Ameri
can and $102 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $1 50
03 per dosen
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
FRUlTS—Apricots. 8011 c for Royals and 11
012% c for Moorparks; Nectarines." 6%08%c
for White and 6%07%c for Red; Peaches. 7%0
B%* per lb; Pears. 7012 c; Plums, pitted. «®
6%c for black, 7%08%c for red and 708% c
for yellow; Figs 2-crown bricks 46c; 3-crown,
60c; 4-crown. 60c; 6-crown, 65c; bulk white,
2%©3 c; black. 2%©5% c; Evaporated Apples,
4©« c per lb.
PRUNES—I%©I%c per lb for the four sixes
and 2%c basis for the large sixes.
RAISINS—I9O4 crop f. o. b. Fresno—lmpe
rial clusters, $2 2502 50; Dehesa. $1 3001 35:
London Layer* 85c0$l; Loose Muscatels. 4
crown. B©B%c; 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown. 303% c;
Seeded 4%06c; Thompson's Seedless, 4%0
4%c; Seedless Sultanas, 305 c per lb.
NUTS—Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 12013 c; No.
2 10011 c; No. 1 hardshell. 12c: No. 2. 10c;
Almonds, 16017 c for Nonpariels. 14014% c for
I X L 13%®14%c for Ne Plus Ultra and 11c
for Languedoc; Peanuts, 607 c for Eastern;
Pecans. Uol3e; Cocoanuts, $4 5005; Chest
nuts 8010 c per lb for Italian.
HONEY—Comb, 11%013c for white and 10©
11c for amber; water white extracted, 5%0
B%c; light amber extracted, 505% c; dark, 30
4%c.
BEESWAX—27O29c per lb.
Provision-.
The market continues dull and unchanged.
CURED MEATS —Bacon 10% c per lb for
heavy. 10% c for light medium. 13c for light;
14c for extra light and 14% c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides. 10c; Bellies, lie; Eastern su
gar-cured Kama, 12 to 14 lbs, 12% c; 15 to 18
lbs, 12c: 17 to 20 lbs, ll%c; California
Hams. ll%c : Mess Beef $10010 50 per bbl;
extra Mess. $19 50011; Family, $12012 50:
prime Mess Pork $14 60; extra clear, $22:
Mess. $16 50; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet, $5;
Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD—Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9%c; 10
--lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins, 10c.
COTTOLENE —One half barrel. B%c; three
half barrels. B%c; one tierce. B%c; two tierces.
B%c; five tierces. B%c per 18.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS—CuIIs and brands sell
about %01c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, ll%c; medium. 10% c; light. 10c; Cow
Hides, 10c for heavy and 10c for light;
Stags. 707% c; Salted Kip. 10% c; Salted
Veal. ll%c: Salted Calf, 12% c; dry
Hides. 17%©18 c: dry Kip 16c; dry Calf. 20c;
Sheepskins shearlings, 25040 c each; short
Wool. 50©75 c each; medium, 90c©$l 10; long
Wool $1 2501 75; Horse Hides, salt. $3 for
large and $2 50 for medium, $1 5002 for small
and 60c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 76 for
large and $1 50 for medium. $1 fox small. 50c
for Colts. Buck Skins—Dry Mexican. 30c: dry
salted Mexican, 25c; dry Central American.
30c; Goat Skins—Prime Angoras. 75c; extra
large do, $1 25; large, 50c; medium, 35c;
small. 20c.
TALLOW—No. 1 rendered. 4©4% c per lb;
No. 2. 3%c; Grease. 2%03c.
WOOL—Fall clip—San Joaquin and South
ern 9011 c; Southern 800 c; Southern Moun
tain, 9©llc; Middle Counties, free. 12614 c:
do defective. 10012 c; Northern, free. 12014 c;
do defective. 10012 c; Humboldt and Mendo
felno. 16018 c per lb.
HOPS —1904 crop. 25028 c per lb; 1906 crop,
17%018c bid.
Meat Market.
The demand for Hogs is light, as the pack
ers are doing little or nothing; and the market
Is easy In consequence, though prices remain
unchanged.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF —607 c for Bteers and 4%06c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL—Large 6%OSc: small. 809% c per lb.
MUTTON—Wethers. 7® 8c; Ewes. 6%©7% c
per lb.
LAMB—9OIOc per lb.
PORK—Dressed Hogs. 6%®8%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 400
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE—Steers, 7%©7% c: Cows and Heif
ers. 5%©6% c; thin Cows. 4©sc per lb.
CALVES—4©4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP—Wethers, 3%©3% c: Ewes, 303% c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS—S2 5002 75 per head.
HOGS—Live Hogs. 200 to 250 lbs. 4%@4%c;
130 to 200 lbs. 505% c: 80 to 130 lbs. 4%©4% c;
soft Hogs, not wanted; Sows, 20 per cent off:
Boars, 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS —Grain Bags, 5%©5% c spot and 60
6%c for June-July; Wool Bags, 30032 c;
Fleece Twine 7%c.
COAL—Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50; Roslyn $7; Coos Bay, $5 50;
Richmond. $8; Cumberland. $13 tn bulk and
$14 29 tn sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 60; Cannel $9 per ton; Coke. $11 50013 per
ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $8 50 per short ton.
OlLS—Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 6c; Linseed. 55c per gallon for boiled and
53c for raw; Castor Oil in cases. No. L 70c;
Bakers' AA, cases, $1 1001 12; Lucol, 50c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut. cases. CSO
80c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, in barrels. 58c
for Ceylon and 65c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, 68c; natural win
ter Sperm Oil 63c; extra bleached winter
Whale OU. 57c; natural Whale Oil. 52c: extra
winter strained Lard Oil 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil.
66c; pure Neatsfoot Oil - 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot
Oil. 63c; light Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring
Oil. 40c: Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 3»c;
raw Fish OIL 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c: raw
Paint Oil, 31c.
COAL OlL—Water White Coal Oil in bulk,
l'tc; Pearl Oil. in cases, 19% c; Astral. 19% c;
Star. 19% c; Extra Star 22% c; Elaine. 26c;
Eocene. 21 %c; Deodorised Stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 16c: In cases 22% c; Benzine, in bulk,
18c; ln cases, 19% c: 86-degree Gasoline, in
bulk. 25c; in cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE—7Sc per gallon In cases and
69c ln drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD—Red Lead. 7%0
7%0 per lb; White Lead, 7%07%c, according
to quantity.
SUGAR —The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as foilowa per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed 6.25 c:
Powdered. 6.10 c; Candy «ranulated. 6.10 c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6c: Fruit Granulated, 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 5.90 c: Confectioners' A. 6c:
Magnolia A. 5.60 c; Extra C, 5.60 c; Golden C,
5.40 c; ■ D." 3.30 c: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more: 50-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets —Half barrels,
6.50 c; boxes. 6.75 c: H. A E. Crystal Domlnos,
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev
enty-five barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 4.
Flour qr sks... 12.320. Wine gals 30.400
Wheat, ctls 17.35t)jBrandy, gals 6,300
Barley, ctls 4.852 Paper, rolls 647
Tallow, ctls 251 Lime, bbls 273
Beans, sks 1.7501 Pelts, bdls 1,355
Potatoes, sks ... 6.3231H1de5. No 1,020
Onions, sks 70| Leather, rolls ... 68
Buckwheat, sks.. 86|Hay. tons 387
Raisins, bxs ... 750'W001, bales 66
STOCK MARKET.
Bjpnds Sell Fairly and Mining Shares
Active.
Local securities continued quiet, with no
charges worthy of note. Sales of bonds were
much better than those of stocks.
The oil and Tonopah mining shares were
quiet, the falling off in business in the latter
being abrupt and marked. The Com stock min
ing shares continued active, but prices were
lower than on the preceding day, as will be
noted.
The Seg Belcher Mining Company has levied
an assessment of sc.
The Ne\ada National Bank of San Francisco
has declared a regular quarterly dividend of
II 75 per share, or at the rate of 7 per cent
per annum, payable January 16.
The Chutes Company will pay the last of its
monthly dividends at the rate of 5" cents per
share to-day and thereafter the dividends will
be quarterly at the rate of 15 cents per share.
The regular annual meeting of the stockhold
ers of the Giant Powder Company Consolidated
has been called for January 25.
The regular annual meeting of the stockhold
ers of the Fireman's Fund Insurance Company
has been called for January 17.
The gross earnings c-f the United Railroads
of Ban Francisco for the month of November.
1904, were $567,673, an Increase of $34,106, as
compared with November, 1908. The gross
earnin-s for the eleven months ending No
vember 30, 1904. were $6,080,128, an increase
of 8397,296 over the corresponding period in
1903.
The Marina Marsicar.o Mining Company of
Shasta County has levied an assessment of 5
cent* per share, delinquent January 17.
Stocks quoted ex-dividend under the rules
yesterday were Bank ot California $4 per share
and California-street Cable Railroad 90 cents.
It is stated that tbe Union Oil Company will
this month pay a 7 per cent dividend and that
hereafter it will pay dividends at the rate of
6 per cent on par.
December Oil Stock Sales.
Sales of oil shares on the California Ex
change in December were as follows:
COMPANY.
Low.
Uo
related Oil Co cert.
xMated Oil Co bonds
ic
fornla Standard ....
bou
ago Crude
emont
lnga and Pacific...
;y Oil
r
....»•» ...
;tion
f| Oil—new
rch
te Crlsto
dental
City Petroleum
mont
1 Crude
r. and McKittrick...
■reign
ling
■rlor
ty-thre« I
nty-elght
verine ......
SS
24
A«ec
......
to
5 75
L!
"'Wa
55
40
30
20 I
76
02
60
City
'a *6«"
'io'"
2
2
:::::
2
\ 'i2 oh"
I 40
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 4—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.l Bid. Ask.
4j qr coup. .106%106 |4* <;r cp rew.130%131%
4s V reo.. 105%168 lis qr coup . .164%108
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AYv 5s — — I Oak TCo 6s .120 —
Asso Oil 5» - 86%: Do 5s 110 —
Biv r„t: 55.102 — I Do can ss. 102% —
C*l C G 55.104% — lOrn Cable 65.121% —
Cal OA A S I Pac Olm 4s. — 98
in ft «?t r,r 83% — ;P E Ry«Ga. .104%108
Cal f C *• 112 — 'P AC H 65.102 —
r C W«| Ba, — 88% IP AO R Os.llS r—
Ir' * i" f>* — 126 i Powell-at 6a. — —
EACH 60.115% — lSac EQARSs.IO!% —
Geary at 55.. — 90 |SF A SJVSs.H9% —
H CAS 5%5.105 — ISlerra R 6a. — —
Do 6s . ...101%102 IS P of A 6s
Hon R T e5.106% — I <1908) 107 —
L A Elec ss. — — i <1910) 107% —
lAG4-El 5s — — IS P of C 6s
L A Ry 55..H6%117 I (1005)8r A.lOl 101%
LAL g-td 55.104% — ' (1905)5r B. — 103%
LAP Icm 58.101 — I (1806) 104), —
Mkt.at C f15.113 — | (1912) 114% —
Do Icm 8e.116 116%|BPC 1 eg 6a. — —
MV4 MtTSs.IOO 110 | Do stampd.loß% —
NRR of C8a.108% — {S P B R 6a.136 —
Do 6s ....119% — 's V Wat 6a.106 —
NP C R 58.108 — | Do 4a 2dm. 100% —
NC Ry 5a.. — — i Do 4s 3dm. 99% —>
NCPC6O. — — Do « mtn 4« 97% —
XS R R sa. 98% — !stkn GAE6*. 93 —
OO LAH ss. — 110 IU QA E So. — —
O W gtd ss. — — |UR of 8F 4a. 87% 99
Oceanic 3 ss. — 71 |
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 25 — (Port Costa... — km
Marin C 0.... — 69%|8 V Wat Co. 88% 99
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 8% 3%!S F G A B. 84% 54%
Mutual EL.— 11 iStkn GAB.— 6%
Pac L C 0... 80 — |U GA E Co. — mm
INSURANCE.
Flrem's End. — 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 132%; LP A A... .153 —
Anglo-Cal ~88 — iMer Trust.... — 289
Bank of Ca1.419% — IMerch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp.152 — IS F National. — —
Frst Nation!.3lo — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L.2330 — |Say A L So.. — 109
Hum SAU— — Sec Say Bk.. — 424
Mutual Say. 99% — |Union T C 0.2700 3300
S F Say U. 610 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..200 — iPrealdlo — 41
Geary — 60 I
POWDER.
Giant 83 84 IVtgorit • 4*4"
SUGAR. j
Hawaiian C. 73% 74 IMakawell C. 32 —
Honokaa S C 17% 18%lonomea S C. 31% 32%
Hutch SPC 15 15%IPaauhau S C 20% 21
Kllauea SC.— — |
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 92% »4 lOceanic S Co. 4 9
Cal F C A. — 99%iPae Aux FA. 4% —
Cal Wine A. 80 82%IPac C Bin. 157 —
MVA MtTm. 95 IC2 !Pac S Tel Co. 106 107
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
5 Alaska Packers' Association... 83 00
20 Hutchinson S P Co 16 12%
15 Hutchinson S P Co. cash.... 15 12%
35 Paauhau S P Co 20 75
230 S F Gas A Electric 54 80
60 Spring- Valley Water Co 39 90
$2,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 102 0O
$5,000 Cal Gas AEIGMACTSS..B4 00
$1,000 Market-st Ry Ist con 5« 118 50
$1,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5s 104 00
$2,000 8 P of Arizona (1909) 107 00
$13,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 62%\
Afternoon Session.
Board —
30 Honokaa S Co 18 00
80 Hutchinson S P Co 16 12'ij
810 S F Gas A Electric, s 00 54 25
$3,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5e...103r0
$5,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 55...101 50
$5,000 Oakland Transit Con 6s 102 60
$5,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5a 04 90
$2,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5s 104 75
$1,000 S P of Arizona 0909) 107 00
Street—
100 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 73 60
$17,000 Oakland Transit Con 5a 102 50
$32,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5s 104 60
$37,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 U2%)
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.l Bid. As-
Bay CPC 65.100 — !8F ANP ss. 110% —
B L Wat 6s. — 114% iS P Co 4%5.100% —
Cal NW 5a.. — 114 Sun Tel 65... 110 —
M C Wat Ss.lOO — 1 Do 5s 106% —
SF Drdk 6s. 112 — ISuttr-st R55.104 —
MISCELLANEOUS BTOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — 25 I Mat Nar Co. 70 —
Amer Bis Co — 90 INev Nat 8k.200 —
Cal Cot Mils 80 — IN SR R Co. — 12%N
Cal GAECor. 49% 50 IN Cal P Co. — 9%
C Jockey Cl.llO — I Oak Bk Say 125 —
Cal Powder.l3o 145 look T Con.. 75 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 lIOOF Hall A 6% —
Cal TIA T — 155 lOrpheum Co. — 16<4;
Cen Bk Oak 65 — |PacC Cas Co. 128 —
Chutes Co .. — 6 I Pac Sur Co. 105 —
ctty ACBk — 120 IParaf Paint.. 30 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 6%1s F Dry dock — 65
DptPwd pfd. 75 80 ISFASJ Coal. 17% 20
Do com .. — 60 IS J Wat Co. 108% —
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — iSO A MTgbt.l26 —
Fischer Thtr — l%!Swlss-A 8k.120 —
Krnoh-A 8k.106 — ITruck Elect.- 11 12% i
Hono P Co.. 26% — Union 8 Co.. — 30
Do pool •• — 29 UR InC pfd. 66% 66%
LonA SF Bk 80 — I Do com ... 17 —
SALES.
Morning Session.
Street—
40 United Ry In- Co pfd 65 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
$2,000 Nevada Co N G 7s 99 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma 80
Apollo 35 ....
Ass Oil CO Stk Tr Ocr 26 27
California-Standard 18 18
Caribou 7 00 10 00
Central Point Con 70
Chicago Crude 23
Clarcmont 86
Coalinga A Pacific 75 ....
Esperanza 1 00 ....
Forty # 40 50
Four 54 66
Hanford 185 00 200 00
Home 42 46
Imperial 16 60
Independence 29 30
Kern 660 ....
Kern (New) SO
Kern River 12 60 -
Linda Vista 12 20
McKittrick 10 ....
Monarch of Arizona SO
Monte Oristo 75 80
Occidental of W Va OH
Oil City Petroleum 68
Pittsburg 06 07
Reed Crude 2 00
Sovereign 32
Sterling- 150 300
Superior 03 ....
Thirty-three 6 25 8 25
Toltec 25 ....
Tw?nty-elght 12 00 14 00
Union JB7
Northern Cal Power 8 75 9 50
Miscellaneous Bonds—
Associated Oil Co 5s (1922) 80 85
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
5746 Associated Oil Co Stock Tr Cert 2f
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 Sterling Oil 2 08
600 Sovereign Oil 31
500 Four OH 55
1000 Oil City Petroleum 19
1000 Oil City Petroleum ♦»
1000 Forty OU Co 50
800 Chutes CO /. 6 58
10 lone A Eastern R R Co 15 09
Street—
4460 Assoclatel Oil Co Stock Tr Cert 9f
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANUt
Following were the sales on the Sen FraO
clsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session—Comstocks.
200 Alpha 1611400 Mexican I 25
500 Alta 061 400 Occidental ... 91
1000 Alta 0511600 Ophlr 7 GO
2000 Andes 351 70© Overman 22
200 Belcher 29i 200 Potosl 27
300 Caledonia .... SO* 200 Savage 40
200 Chollar 40) 100 Savage 49
500 Chollar 4l|tfCo Bcorplon ...... 20
800 Con Cal A V.2 10| 100 Seg Belcher... 0T
200 Crown Point.. 221 300 Sierra Nev OS
100 Confidence ... 85| 100 Sierra Nev OS
100 Gould A Cur. 36 ; SCO Sierra Nev 67
000 Hale & Not C.l 15! 500 Sierra Nev 69
200 Justice 1111700 Union Con 90
3000 Lady Wash .. 05' 300 Tel low Jacket. 25
1000 Lady Wash .. 06!
Afternoon Session—Comstocks.
100 Belcher 28! 200 Ophlr 7 90
1000 Bullion 38 250 Ophlr 6 87
200 Chollar 43| 500 Overman 38
2200 Chollar 411 200 Overman 39
1000 Con Cal A V.2 10| 300 Potosl 20
500 Con Cal A V.2 051 S(DO Potosl SO
100 Confidence ... 851 SOO Savage 45
100 Crown Point.. 231 200 Scorpion SB
200 Exchequer ... 64: 600 Scorpion 30
200 Gould A Cur. 861 100 Seg Belcher... 08
700 Gould A Cur. 851 100 Sierra N0v.... 09
50 Hale A Norc.l 35! 200 Sierra Nev.... 66
600 Hale A Nore.l 46 100 Sierra Nev 90
100 Hale A Norc.l 501 SOO Sierra Nev 67
70 Hale A Norc.l 251 660 Union Con 88
800 Justice 121 SOO Union C0n.... 99
1000 Kentuck OS 100 Utah 11
200 Lady Wash .. 051 500 Tellow Jacket. 33
700 Mexican 2 13l
, CLOSINO QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 1« 18 Julia 08 * 09
Alta 96 081 Justice 11 IS
Andes 37 3<*l Kentuck 02 94
Belcher 38 29 Lady Wash ..04 00
Beet A Belch.l 15 1 20jMexlcan 3 10 2 19
Bullion 33 StlOccidental ... 90 94
Caledonia-.-- *8 50| Ophlr 6626 T5
Challenge ... 29 30' Overman 23 35
Chollar 41 421 Potosl 27 31
Confidence ... 84 871 Scorpion 25 38
Con Cal A V.2 05 2 lOiSavaae 51 52
Con Imperial. 01 02 Seg Belcher... 07 09
Con N T 05 07 Sierra Nev 85 67
Crown Point.. 22 23iSilver Hill 61 63
Eureka Con.. — 50! St. Louis 10 —
Exchequer ... 83 64)Svndicate 18 22
E Sierra Nev 08 OS'Unlon C0n.... 86 87
Gould A Cur. 35 88! Utah 10 12
Hale * Norc.l 40 1 45'Tellow Jacket. 22 33
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
Ton Nev...90 00 10 25 Ton A Cal — IS
Mont Ton .1.1 90 195 Ray A 08 06
Ton Exten ..2 75 —'Paymaster ... 08 04
MacNamara - 29 30 Mizpah Eg .. 12 —*
Ton Midway.. 84 351 Little Ton ... — 38
Ton Belmont. 67 OWEsneranaa 01 02
Ton N Star... 21 " Gold Anchor.. 24 28
Ton Ohio — 25!'Juincy 11 —
West End ... 13 16 N V Ton Con. 18 IS
_ .—-
Continued on Page Tviefcr**
1314
A i> VFRTISFJkIENTS.
B
For Every Humor
From Pimples
to Scrofula.
Cuticura Ointment, and Cuticura
Pills appeal with irresistible force
to all who have suffered long and
hopelessly -with humors of the
• skin, scalp, and blood. Every
hope, every expectation awakened
by them, has been more than f ul
. filled. More great cures are daily
made by them than by all other
Skin Remedies combined, a single
set, costing but one dollar, being
often sufficient to cure the most
distressing cases of torturing, dis
figuring humors, eczemas, rashes,
itchrngs, and inflammations of the
skin and scalp, with loss of hair,
when all else fails.
Sold th rourhont the world. PotteT Drug a Chem. Corp.,
Sole Propi, Boston.
atr Seed for "All About the Dollar Humor Cure."
mm———— . ■ ii ii ■ (
Peter Barniun Pott's rnlcyole Stunt
demonstrates that ft rolling boy may
gather a great deal of trouble. In
Next Sunday's Call—Comic Section.
1 INCORPORATE NEW HANK —The Bank or
Mayfleld was Incorporated yesterday and ra
dars were filed with the Bank Commissioner**.
The new bank has a capital stock of $25,000.
of which ">n par cent has been paid up. The
papers wp re filed by .T. H. Bennett, cashier
and one of the board of director?.
Fall hats. 1904. just arrived, nobbier
£han ever. Tom Dillon & Co.. opp Palace.*
I ARCHITECT HAS BAD PAL.I.. —W. W.
•''oik. the well-known architect, father of Wil
lis Polk, fell from a scaffold' at Green and
pevisadero streets yesterday and sustained In
ternal Injuries and a fracture at the arm. As
Mr. Polk is 00 years old fears are entertained
|jor his recovery. ,
I. MAGNUM & CO.
Announce that their
Reduction Sale
of Children's Woolen
Dresses
(Ages 8 to 14* years)
Will Commence To Day at 9 a. m.
The ljne includes imported and domestic models,
as well as those made in our own workrooms. All are
this season's styles. Note the following reductions:
CHILDREN'S WOOLEN DRESSES—lmported mod
els: made of fine cloth and fancy light-weight woolens;
handsomely trimmed, lined throughout with silk; ages io to
12 years. $50.00 and $70.00 models reduced to j£2s QQ
CHILDREN'S DRESSES—lmported models: light col
orings, for party and street wear; ages 10 fb 14 CIC AA
years. $25.00 to $35.00 models reduced to 4)1 J.UU
CHILDREN'S DRESSES—For party and street wear:
ages 10 to 14 years. $18.00 and $32.00 values re- fTtA AA
duced to JIU.UU
CHILDREN'S DRESSES—lmported models for street
wear; in Russian, sailor and one-piece effects. C 7 BA
$12.00 and $15.00 models reduced to ,JU
FANCY RUSSIAN and ONE-PIECE DRESSES—
An assortment of about 36 styles; ages 8 to 14 CC AA
years. $7.50 and $10.00 models reduced to f J,VA/
CHILDREN'S THOMPSON SAILOR SUITS-In sizes
of 8 and 10 years only. $10.00 values reduced to QQ
RUSSIAN and ONE-PIECE DRESSES - Made of
solid color fancy tweed mixtures; ages Bto 14 Jp£ AA •
years. $6.50 values reduced to tp4LUU
WOOLEN CASHMERE DRESSES - Trimmed with %
lacer, - and taffeta; ages 8 to 14 years. $5.50 val- r§\
ues reduced t0.... .0.2. DU
CHILDREN'S DRESSBS-Of all-wool fancy tweed mix,
tures. neatly trimmed; ages 8 to 14 years. $7.50 «"7 "IP
. values reduced to $0, |J
CHILDREN'S DRESSES - Of all-woolen cashmere
trmimed with lace taffeta and braid; ages 8 to 14" tf* <v An
years. $3.50 values reduced to •oZ.vU
CHILDREN'S DRESSES-Of all-wool cashmere, ladies'
cloth aad granite cloth; black only. $5.00 to $8 so #4 1 A A
values reduced to 77
918-922 Market St.
I*o Branch Stores.
JURISTS HONOR
JUDGE LAWLOR
Is Unanimous Choice of Mem- j
bcrs of Superior Bench j
to Preside for This Year
o
SECRETARY NOT CHOSEN
Two Candidates for Place
Vacated by Coffroth Are
Short of Needed Votes:
«
Judge William P. Lawior was unani- |
mously chosen as presiding Judge of
the Superior Court for the ensuing yeaf
at a meeting of his fellow jurists held
yesterday afternoon in Judge Kerri
gan's chambers. Judge Sloss was the
only absentee and the eleven others
could not agree upon the selection of a
successor to James W. Coffroth. whose
resignation as secretary of the court
was accepted. There were six votes
fur John F. Tyler, court commissioner
and librarian of the law library, and
five votes for Court Commissioner
Thomas S- Mulvey. An adjournment
was taken to 1:30 this afternoon, at
which time Judge Sloss will be present, !
and either Mulvey or Tyler will be
elected. In either event a new court,
commissioner will have to be ap- j
pointed.
The Judges decided to follow the ,
usual course in calling grand jurors
and 144 will be named, each Judge se
lectins twelve. It was also decided to ,
call -00 citizens to serve on the petit ;
juries.
Judge Lawior has issued a notice ;
that business of the court requiring ■
the action of the presiding Judge will
hereafter be transacted at the Hall of
Justice between tho hours of 9 a. m. !
and 8:o0 p. tn. Actions and proceed- ;
lugs filed between the hours of 8:30
in tho morning and 1 in the afternoon
v. ill be assigned at 2 p. m. of the same
day and those filed after 1 o'clock will
be assigned at 9 the next morning. In
cases where the filing could not be
made reasonably with reference to the
hours indicated for the making of as
signments application may be made to
the presiding Judge to file In the
branch office of the County Clerk at
the Hall of Justice. This will apply
to proceedings for the issuance of
extraordinary writs or other urgent
relief.
Will Consider Reclamation Plan.
A meeting of the River Improve
ment and Drainage Association of Cal*
ifcrnia will be held to-day in the par
lors of the Palace Hotel, which is
called for the purpose of receiving the
plan of the executive committee re- j
garding the recommendations made in j
the report of the commission of engi- \
neers appointed to suggest means to j
control the flood waters of the Sacra- j
mento apd San Joaquin rivers'to make '
possible the reclamation of a large i
li:nd area.
Have it printed by Edward Knowlea Com
pany, 24 Second atreet. near Market. •
FULLER IS PROMOTED. —Joel G. Fuller,
formerly a watchman for the United States
Immigrant Bureau, has been assigned to
duty at to. Camae, Washington, aa United
States Immigrant Inspector, -he having sue- '
ceeded in passing the civil service examlna- j
tion.
—- i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1905.
ATHLETIC MANIA
ROUTS PEACE.
Invades an Apartment House
and Tranquillity Flees.
First-Floor Matron Hales Scion of
Second Floor Into Court. -
A more tranquil apartment-house
than 3637 Nineteenth street was not
in San Francisco when a scion of the
family of Newberger, occupying the
second story, became possessed of a
mania for indulgence in indoor ath
letics.' From that moment comfort
fled the home of the Gfrerers, on th*
first floor. If a quartz mill or a boil
er factory had been in operation over*
; head the Gfrerers' peace could not
j have been more routed.
Such was the complaint of Mrs,
! Lizzie Gfrerer, who appeared before
! Police Judge Fritz as prosecutrix ol
I 18-year-old Will Newberger. and'ehe
had about half a dozen feminine heads
of other families resident at 3637
Nineteenth street to testify that she
did not exaggerate her grievance. She
made young Will the defendant be
cause she had reason to believe that
he was the chief offender. It was his
dally and nightly wont, she averred,
to acquire wind and muscle by means
|of punching the air bag, skipping the
j rope, tossing the medicine ball, clout
ing the sand sack, wrestling and box
ing with shadowy or real adversaries
and performing various and sundry
other violent physical exercises that
vibrated the floor and made her dread
that any moment the ceiling might de
scend and crush her, to say nothing of
| the aural annoyance caused by the
trampling and shuffling of the youth'j
, feet. It was not until she had ex
| hausted remonstrance that the law's
I aid was solicited by her. No, she was
I not opposed to the pursuit of physical
; culture, either as a hygienic measure
{or as a means of pastime, but she be
' lieved there was reason in all things
I and that the student, of athletics
[ should be compelled to consider the
convenience of other folk as well as
i his own enjoyment. It was Master
l Newberger's right to promote h's
I health and upbuild his physique, but
i rot at the expense of his neighbors'
| nerves. Why didn't he establish his
gymnasium where it would not be a
' constant source of irritation to every
j other person in the same building?
| Then the Newbergers informed the
i court that in 3637 Nineteenth street
there were more harassing things than
! Will's athletic performances—Mrs.
i Gfrerer's tongue, for example—which
I they had witnesses to prove. But none
,of the waiting and willing witnesses
for either side was called. After sur
; veylng the two groups of ladies ihe
court inquired if the landlord of 3637
were present and when that gentle
-1 man strode to the bench and bowed
j his Honor said:
"I'll have to ( pass the task pf set
j tling this contention up to you. As
the owner of the house you know
which of the parties—the Newbergers
or the Gfrerers—you prefer as ten
ants, and I would suggest that you rii
your premises of the least desirable
of the two families as speedily as pos
sible. For It is apparent to me that
the breach between them is un
bridgeable and that no house can
harbor both of them and quietude."
The landlord's acquiescent nods in
dicated that he shared the Judge's
opinion.
• • •
Joseph Smith, charged with the mur
der of Joseph McGowan, told his ver
sion of the tragedy to Judge Mogan.
He disclaimed recollection of the actual
killing, but remembered that McGowan
and he had wordy altercation ere the
latter entered the yard in which the
shooting occurred.
"Why don't you remember the shoot
ing?" the Judge Inquired.
"Did you never see a man knocked
out?" was the answer, delivered with
show of* temper. "I had been drink
ing and was dazed. No, I don't re
member how many drinks I took that
day—don't know whether I took ten or
a hundred."
Several times the attorney for the
defense, ex-Judge D. J. Murphy, ob
jected to the prosecution's line of
questioning in the course of cross
examination, and on each occasion the
defendant angrily declared that he
wanted to answer. Finally the Judge
told him that his manner was "very
offensive" and did not tend to help his
case.
"Well, I don't like to have these attor
neys interrupting and stopping me
when I want to speak," waa the surly
response.
The cross-examination will be re
sumed this morning.
• ♦ •
Autchell Zimmerman was accused by
Mrs. Anna Damenstein of having dis
turbed the peace of her dwelling, 1049
Folsom street, by going there with one
Mr. Rubenstein and indulging in such
loud and threatening language that Mr.
Rubenstein implored him to refrain
from striking young Ikey Blumenstein,
who had sought refuge under Mrs.
Damenstein's kitchen table. The object
of Mr. Zimmerman's visit to the house
of Damenstein was to ascertain
whether it was Mr. or Mrs. Zimmerman
who had been accused by Frank
Damenstein of owing him $10, and while
in pursuit" of such enlightenment, it
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
was alleged by Mrs. Damenstein, Mr.
Zimmerman lost his,temper, terrorized
the unoffending Master Blumenstein
and provoked reproof from Mr. Ruben
stein. Judge Cabaniss has given him
self thirty days to study out the
nomenclatural phase of the problem.
• • •
Lillian Lucas, a favorite of stage and
box at the MJdwav Plaisance, wore a
black-and-white check tailor-made and
a black picture hat and was accom
panied by her mother, a portly lady,
when she appeared before Judge Fritz
as co-defendant with George Kennedy,
a waiter at the same playhouse, on the
charge of having drugged and robbed
W. A. Williams, an Arizonan, of $1400
last Sunday night. Mr. Williams, a
little man with an ascetic face, had a
beclouded recollection of what hap
pened after he had absorbed a few
beverages ordered by the fair Lillian
at his. expense. He would not swear
that either she or the waiter took his
money. All he was positive of was
that it was missing when he awoke in
a Fourth street lodging-house, whither
he was transferred from the theater
in a cab ordered by Kennedy. The
hearing was continued till this morn
ing and the woman's bail reduced from
$3QOO to $1500 by Judge Fritz.
c c •
James Kelly, born of full-blooded
Ethiopian parents in Limerick, Ire
land, made his seventh appearance be
fore Judge Mogan on the same old
charge of vagrancy and was given
three months' imprisonment after he
had despairingly daunted a ferry ticket
as documentary proof of his intent to
immediately leave for Oakland if tho
court would restore him to freedom.
Bailiff Hlckey, who also first saw light
on the banks of the Shannon, chuckled
with malignant glee as he shoved the
despondent man of color back into the
cage.
The arresting policeman testified that
he scooped In Mr. Kelly from the post
office, where he was extending compli
ments of the holiday season and en
deavoring to obtain a gratuity of one
dime from each person who was so
indiscreet as to hearken to him. In his
mixed Hibernian and negro dialect Mr.
Kelly would say:
"De top ob th' mor-r-nln' till ye, en
shure it's meself wishes yo' a happy
Noo Yeah, sah, en may th' shadow ob
ye nivir grow liss till ye've libbed ter
see a hundhred more ob thim.
Mor-r-re power till ye, sah, en cud
ye lind me th' loan ob a dime?"
Mr. iKelly denied that he was prac
•* " ' —+
ticing mendicancy, but admitted that
his tenders of good will to perfect
strangers were both cordial and indis
criminate.
"Oi wur a-waitin* fo' me litthlrs, yo'
Honnah," he pleaded, "en jester kill
toime Oi wished some ob me frinds
a happy Noo Yeah. Ef dat wur a
croime yo' kin gib me th' limit."
But he got only half of it.
• * •
Miss Agnes Dillon, sister of a Mar
ket street hatter, refused to swear to
a formal complaint against John Con
way, who endeavored to snatch a purse
from her hand while she was shopping.
The Incident made her 111. Judge
Cabaniss was informed, so he continued
the case of Mr. Conway till to-day
and expressed a hope that the young
lady would then be sufficiently recov
ered to face the ordeal of visiting a
police court, as he is reluctant to dis
miss the case for lack of prosecution.
• * •
In explanation of Miss Nina Rudolf's
appearance to prosecute Max Rudolf
before Judge Mogan, it was stated that
she was stricken with "nervous pros
peration," resultant of Max striking her
head with a clothes brush early yes
terday morning in their apartment at
Fifth and Mission streets. Max was
DON'T
• i
Don't simply "get a bottle i
of 'cough medicine." Get
Good cough medicine. Ask
your druggist for
Vtdamsl
Irish Moss Cough Balsam
and you will have the best,
the kind that cures in a day.
It costs you no more than
the thousand and one un
known kinds that the dealer
tries to sell you because of ;
larger profits.
KOWALSKY FAST
WITH HIS FISTS
Attorney Participates in
Lively Encounter With Ar
thur Meadows in Court
LANDS BLOW ON FACE
Belligerents Apologize and
Justice of Peace Lawson
Reads Them Harsh Lecture !
Colonel Henry L Kowalsky and
| Arthur Meadows figured in a lively en- ]
counter yesterday in the courtroom of
Justice of the Peace Lawson, in which
Meadows came out second best. The j
Incident occurred just before the trial I
of the suit of J*. A. Miller, as Meadows' j
assignee, to recover $299 99 from Ko
walsky, alleged to be due from certain j
patent letter street signs. The court
room was full of spectators waiting for j
Judge Lawson to appear.
Kowalsky and Meadows were seated
near each other and began to discuss
the case. Kowahjky said something
which angered Meadows, who there
upon reviled Kowalsky and at
the same time rushed threateningly
toward him. The latter, despite his
300 pounds avoirdupois, was too quick,
however. Rising quickly, he gave
Meadows a blow between the eyes
straight from the shoulder. Blood
streamed from Meadows' face and a
lively scrimmage ensued, in which sev- I
eral bystanders took part. Women J
screamed and Judge Lawson rushed
In from his chambers, when the dis- '
turbance ended as if by magic. Law- I
son immediately ordered the belliger- j
ents in the custody of a Sheriff's dep- j
uty. Meadows apologized to the ladies |
present for his language and Kowalsky
seid it was the first time during twen- I
ty-four years' practice that he had fig
tired in such an experience, which
was all the more to be regretted as
he is about to depart for Europe for
an indefinite visit. He said the provo
cation was great, but asked that Judge i
Lawson mete out whatever punish- ,
ment he deemed just. Lawson read 1
the offenders a severe lecture and
afterward dismissed Miller's suit with- i
out prejudice.
To Visit San Francisco
Without seeing the Diamond Palace would I
be like visiting Europe without seeing Par
is. It is a leading feature of San Francis
co, and is the most beautiful jewelry
store in the world. Visitors or purchas
ers are equally welcome. 221 Montgom- i
cry street, between Bush and Pine. •
+ *
pronounced guilty of battery, however, j
and will be sentenced to-day. He is l
described by the police as "a duo
■port," and the same authority desig- j
nates Miss Rudolf as "a cheap
actorine."
* • •
Miss Pauline Jackson wanted to know
if a lady had not as much right to wel
come the New Year on Broadway street
as on Market street, and when Judge
Mogan answered the query by sentenc
ing her to three months' imprisonment. \
she turned to another lady awaiting |
trial on a different charge and ex- j
claimed, "AVell, my Gawd! Ain't that
enough to kill ye?"
But it wasn't simply for greeting;
1905 that Miss Jackson was sentenced ;
so heavily. Her method of greeting I
and her character had much to do with
the fixing of the penalty. She dashed
a handful of confetti against the august
countenance of Patrolman Daggett and
also smote his left cheek with a pig
bladder, dried and inflated and attach
ed to the end of a cane. Several prior
convictions for disorderly conduct did ,
the rest for Miss Jackson.
Weak Eyes cured by Murine, i Cures I
pink Eye and all inflamed conditions. • j
KILLED BY THE CARS.—NeIs Hansen, a■ .
laborer, was knocked down near Baden last '
Tuesday night by a car of the United Rail- !
roads and died yesterday at St. Luke's Hos- i .
pltal. I 5
'♦* j ]
For Pneumonia, Grip, Pulmonary and i <
Bronchial trouble, take Plso'a Cure. * j
■ ** • ]
WANT STREETS EXPUNGED.—The Has- I .
lett Company and Pacific Oil Company have |
petitioned the Supervisors to expunge Ham
mond place and Olney place from the official '
map. i j
1 i i
ADVERTISEMENTS. !
THE SEAL OF
APPROBATION
HAS BEEN STAMPED
UPON
Hunter
Baltimore
Rye
AT THE ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION
BY THE JURY OF AWARDS. WHO.
ALLOWING AND CONFIRMING
EVERY CLAIM OF EXCELLENCE
AND SUPERIORITY. UNANIMOUS
LY PRONOUNCED IT
WINNER OF THE
GRAND
PRIZE
HILBEHT MERCANTILE CO..
IU-m Seoond St.. San Francisco,Cal.
Telephone Private SIS.
MAUYAIS MUSIC CO.
533 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASON. I
Special prices on Guitars for 10 days.
J_____^^il^ E I-^^~~~~—-
Some 89c Plaid Waists at
a New Price: 49c TV Day
And on a bargain table, main Jlk
floor, this morning. \Q
Because some of them are
mussed and some are soiled by «^^^^^
Of warm German velour that's hard tn tell n^jf^M^^^mONl
from wool flannel. It is cotton flannel. New
patterns, in fancy Scotch plaids, body color is jSdßrF^^lwSlly
cream. Plaids are in all shades. Waist has
large, full sleeves, large pleats to form a yoke. . u„i cßfflHKgjwQr
tab collar. Splendid to wear with the tailor *rn&es ™sff f 9_rmj£_f r
suit. Sizes 32 to 44. 49c. (A picture of one To day- VlL^JffmrW*
hara.) , '
Muslin underwear interest is increasing and concentrating
at Hales.
To=Day More Gowns at 27c
And at aBc. at 68c. and other gowns up to $6.50.
Drawers at 28c Corset Covers at 14c
At 33c, 2 styles. At 18c, 2 styles.
At 39c, 3 styles. At 22C, 5 styles. %
And other styles .up to $2.50. And others up to $2.50.
More Skirts at 69c
At 89c, 4 styles. Chemises at 47c
At 97c, 5 styles. At 69c, 3 styles.
And up to $4.38. And other chemises up to $2.87.
Lots of the values that were here yesterday we can't tell of to-day.
Some of the values we tell of to-day we don't expect to be able to tell of
to-morrow. Buying has been brisk and the news of the beauty, the per
fect generous making, the unusualness of these muslin undergarments
in Hale's January sale will get further noised around to-day.
50.000 of them to start with, the best from twenty-five of America's
foremost underwear makers. Half the window front filled with them and
nearly half the second floor a sea of white. Nearly two dozen extra tables
and we wish we had more room to give them. We are bringing the values
forward as fast as we can. To-day extra salespeople will still be here to
make buying easy.
To-Day 500 Mill Ends
MV2C Silkoline at 6%c
Mill ends from 1 to IO yards
long, for comfort* coverings,
drapes, curtains; regular I2 l / 2 c
silkoline at yard. Second
floor.
Van Deusen cake molds will keep
cake from falling. Demonstrations
downstairs to-day.
\ "Bunco" \
You will like it.
Evening fun for 2 or 7
with one pack.
It's the new card game (115 cards
with every pack), 50c.
P. S. —Use two packs and 14 people
can play. Hale's third floor.
PROVES KEELEY
WAS IN HOUSE
Police Serjeant Sylvester
j Gives Valuable Evidence
i in the Metcalfe Inquest
. i
Important testimony was given yes
terday by Police Sergeant Daniel Syl- |
vester at the inquest on the body of
Edward Bruce Metcalfe, who was shot
and killed 1 at 18 Seventh street on the
morning of December 29, presumably
ty Edward Pierce Keeley, the para
mour of the dead man's wife. Mrs.
Annie Metcalfe, the widow, had Just
testified denying that she had told the
police that Keeley did the shooting.
She said that she supposed it might
have been Keeley.
Sergeant Sylvester said that he
found Metcalfe dead on the floor of
room 8 and Mrs. Metcalfe sitting on the
edge of the bed in room 6. She was
attired only in her undershirt- The'
lower part of her body was covered
with a bedspread, and on the spread
was the bloody imprint of a bare foot.
The witness said that he talked with
the woman in that room for an hour
and a half or two hours and that she
told him that Keeley had shot her hvfc
band. She had first inquired whether
her husband was dead and when told
that he was she declared that she
would not tell the witness anything.
When he asked her where the revolver
was Mrs. Metcalfe replied that he
should catch Keeley and probably he
would find where the weapon was.
The witness then testified that he
went to 603 Eddy street, where Keeley
and Mrs. Metcalfe had roomed. There
he was informed by two persons whose
names he declined to divulge that
shortly after the shooting Keeley had
come to his room and told them that
he had killed Metcalfe. They said also
that Keeley changed his clothing for
a blouse and overalls and left the
he use.
The witness added tnat he had
learned that the revolver had been
given to Keeley by a man who was'l
afraid that his wife would commit sui
cide and who therefore did not like to
have the weapon lying around.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles T. Byrne, who
occupied a room directly opposite that
in which Metcalfe had been killed, tes
tified that they heard the sound of
angry voices, a scuffle, the report of a
pistol and footsteps of some one run
ning down the hall. Mrs. Byrne found
Mrs. Metcalfe sitting on the bed near
her husband's body. When she asked
Mrs. Metcalfe what" was the matter
she received a profane reply. Then*
Mrs- Metcalfe wrapped a sheet about
her and went into the hall.
The inquest will be resumed this
morning.
TWO COUPLES DISCOVER
UNWELCOME THIRD SPOUSE
Annulments Sought by Wives Who
Were in Ignorance—New Divorce
Cases Begun.
In the Superior Court yesterday Al
ice Spurway asked for divorce from
George Spurway. whom she married
last June, on the ground that she had
discovered that he has another wife
living. Ada M. Moorhead Jordan
asks that her union with Robert J.
Jordan, which took place in October,
1897, be set aside because her first
husband is still in the land of the liv
ing.
Gilbert Thompson asks for a di
vorce because his wife. Mamie, is too
fond of intoxicating liquors and has
been cruel to him. He says that six
weeks after their marriage she at
tacked him with a paring knife and
threw a pot of hot tea' upon him.
Other suits for separation were begun
by Katy W. Morrison against Angus
B. Morrison, desertion; Florence W.
Brome against Joseph A. Brome, neg
lect.
Judge Kerrigan granted a divorce
to Josephine Peck from. Peter Peck,
who was convicted of a felony. He
got eighteen months for injuring the
jail at Santa Cruz.
Embroideries
A Center of Interest.
For the new embroideries are
at uuderprices that make them
unusually important.
5C for ioc embroideries.
oc for i2]/ 2 c embroideries.
for 20c embroideries.
18c for 25c embroideries.
And the savings mean more when
you see the qualities and patterns the
prices stand for.
, Market Street. Near Sixth. S. F.
SUES SOUTHERN PACIFIC—WaIter C
Chllds yesterday sued the Southern Pacific
Company for the recovery of $I.'UO 70 and in
terest on various amounts from 18*0 to 1886
He says that he contracted to buy :120 acres
of land from the company ln San Di. ma
County and after the payments were made the
company failed to deliver a patent.
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
39 STOCKTON ST.. WEAK MARKET
TELEPHONE MAIN 5681
Here's what you've been waiting for all
all tha week. We always have the goods
and at the right prices.
THURSDAY, FRIOAi~ANO SATURDAY
SPECIALS.
Creamery Butter per square 35c
Fresh and sweet.
Fancy Ranch Eggs per doz 42c
Large white and strictly fresh.
Petaluma Cold Storage Eggs doz 30c
Ideal Blend Coffee per lb 20c
Reg. 25c. Not how cheap, but how good!
Ghirardelli's or Lowney'e Cocoa..can 20c
Reg. 25c.
Island Rice per lb Sc
Reg. 7c. Fine white kernels; good cooker.
Evaporated Apples per lb 7%c
Reg. 10c. Good Oregon stock.
Ideal Flavoring Extracts .. per bot 20c
Reg. 25c. Extra quality; all flavors.
Cox's Gelatine per pkg 10c
Reg. 12%e.
White Leaf Lard—
8 lbs. 5 lbs. 10 lb*.
Per tin. 33c. Me, Sl.lO.
Reg. 40c. 65c, $1.25.
Armour's white label.
Tomato Catsup per bot 15c
Reg. 20c. The celebrated Ideal brand.
Fiber Pails each 30c
Res. 400.
Hesperian Tomatoes- per can 7%c
Re*. 10e.
0 X Bourbon and Fine Old Rye
• per bot 75c, gal 53.00
Reg. $1.00. $4.00. Pure and wall aged.
Holland Din in pint bottles 40c
Reg. 55c. Imported from Schiedam.
French and Italian Vermouth.. ..bot 50c
Reg. 60c.
Burgundy .per gal 60c
Reg. 75c. A rich, wholesome beverage.
Drop a postal and our solicitor will call.
| ft.E Ep S 1
H onr beautifully illustrated B
Hi catalogue and on* packet of M\
ME LUTHER BURBANK S S
HJ latest Introduction Wa
B Australian Star Flower B
H a live-forever everlasting H
MU mailed fox 26 centa mm
I COX SEED CO. 1
411. 413. 415 Sansome Street, 19
?**™^^ r -2_______MW
PTNFANTsJjL INVALID?*!
The adjustability of Mellin's Food ia
one of its good points. MellinWood
can be adjusted and is suitable to the
needs of the youngest infant as well
as children of the more advanced
age. It only takes a minute to ore
pare it as there is no cookinr till
eesary. Send for a free sample.
MELLIN'B POOD CO., BOSTON, MAW.