VOLUME XCVII —NO. 50.
HANDSOME WOMAN MYSTERIOUSLY DISAPPEARS
Miss Gertrude Wells, who is well known in San Francisco, recently
arrived from New York. Seven days ago she disappeared from the
St. Francis Hotel and all efforts to gain knowledge of her have failed.
Miss Gertrude Wells, Guest at St. Francis,
Is Being-Eagerly Sought by Friends.
YOUNG WOMAN, PROMINENT IN
NEW YORK AND LOCAL SOCIE
TY. WHO HAS DISAPPEARED.
DEPOSITORS
ARE REPAID
BY CARNEGIE
Funds Advanced
forCMwici
Victims.
ELYRIA. Ohio, Jan. 18.—Andrew
Carnegie placed $15,000 in the hands
of Rev. W. E. Cadmus, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of this
city, to-day to be distributed to the
depositors who lost their money in the
failed Citizens' National Bank of Ober
lin as a result of the Chadwick loans.
Carnegie in a letter asked Cadmus to
investigate among the students at
Oberlin College and learn the amount
they lost. When this is done, it is un
derstood, more money will be forth
coming. Judge Steele of Oberlin will
appoint a committee to investigate the
most worthy cases. Carnegie has also
given Cadmus $3000 to reimburse the
Oberlin Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Jan. 18. —Two
physicians were called to see Mrs. Cas
pic L. Chadwick in jail this afternoon.
She is said to be suffering from physi
cal and mental collapse. Attorney
Dawley says she is afflicted with heart
trouble and would not be able to stand
a trial in court in her present condi
tion. Mrs. Chadwick is said to have
frequent fainting spells.
The announcement that Carnegie
had decided to reimburse losers by the
failure of the Oberlin National Bank
has seemed to greatly affect Mrs. Chad
wick.
FATE OF DR. KOCH
IN HANDS OF THE JURY
Accused of Murdering Dr. L. A. Geb
hardt, His Rival in Business,
in Minnesota.
NEW ULM, Minn., Jan. 18.—-The
question of the guilt or innocence of
Dr. G. R. Koch of the murder on No
vember 1 of Dr. L. A. Gebhardt, his
rival in business, was placed in the
hands of the Jury this afternoon. The
Jury retired immediately. There are
ft* prospects of a verdict to-night
THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at San Francisco for
thirty hours ending midnight, Janu
ary 19:
San Francisco and vicinity—Rain
Thursday; brisk to high south wind.
A. O. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
ACCUSATION
NAMES BIG
FINANCIERS
Alleged Expose of
Land Steal in
Colorado.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Colo., Jan. B.—The Denver
Post to-night charged that influential
men in several departments of the
United States Government were impli
cated in a land steal ln connection with
the opening of the Uintah Indian reser
vation in Utah. The Post says:
"Ex-Governor Odell is one of the
large stockholders of the Raven Min
ing Company, which has the practical
ownership of the elaterite beds. Jo
seph Leiter of Chicago is an owner of
stock. The American Steel and Wire
Company, a part of the great United
States steel trust, in which J, Pierpont
Morgan Is the moving spirit and John
D. Rockefeller an important factor, is
also interested and is using large quan
tities of elaterite. Henry C. Payne, late
Postmaster General, was a director of
the Raven Company.
' "There Is no place in the known
world where elaterite exists except* on
the Uintah Indian reservation. The
mines there cover an area about twen
ty miles long and forty miles wide. The
ore sells for 5 cents a pound. The Ra
ven Mining Company and the Florence
Mining Company, which are harmoni
ously blended together, have exclusive
control of the beds.
"The Uintah Indian reservation was
created by an act of Congress in the
year 1869. In 1891 the Raven Company
secured its lease from the Indians.
Five Indians had to sign the' papers.
The redskins were feted In Chicago for
a week or more before they were taken
to Washington. They were driven
around in a tally-ho, dined and wor
, shiped as heroes. As soon as they
j signed the lease in Washington they
were dropped like cold potatoes.
"About two years ago the deal was
made in Congress whereby the Raven
Company was given extensive tracts of
land in return for the lease made by
I the Indians."
The president of the Raven Com
pany is Charles F. Pflster, a Milwau
kee capitalist. A. H. Morgan, jthe
treasurer, Is president of the Chicago
Varnish Works. Other officers are D.
D. Thoman, secretary and manager; T.
( J. Boggs and W. S. Potwin, directors.
'The company has 100 claims and the
deposits of elaterite and gilsonite are
said to be worth millions of dollars.
The Post says United States Senators
are Involved, whose names will be
given. v
THE San Francisco CALL
Miss Gertrude Wells, who is widely
known in San Francisco, is among the
missing, and much anxiety is felt by
her friends regarding her whereabouts.
She left the St. Francis Hotel seven
days ago, and since then not the slight
est trace of the young woman has been
discovered, although her friends and
the management of the St. Francis
have been making diligent Inquiries
about her.
The missing woman is the sister of
Mrs. Fred Webster, widow of the late
well-known San Francisco clubman.
Mrs. Webster and her sister have been
living -in New York for some time
since the death of the former's hus
band. Early in December Mrs. Web
ster came to San Francisco for the
purpose of settling up certain matters
connected with the estate of her late
husband. She was afterward followed
to this city by her sister, who arrived
here shortly after Mrs. Webster had
given up her apartments at the St.
Francis. Apparently Miss Gertrude
Wells expected to meet her sister here,
for upon her arrival at the St. Francis
she asked for Mrs. Webster, and
showed her disappointment when the
clerk of the hotel informed her that her
sister had left for the East.
Miss Gertrude was assigned to com
fortable apartments, and for three
weeks she was frequently seen about
the hotel lobby and ladies' rooms. At
evening she was often observed go
ing in and out of the hostelry. Seven
days ago she walked out of the hotel
and that is the last seen of her.
FRIENDS MAKE INQUIRY.
The first intimation the management
of the hotel received of the disappear
ance of its fair guest was when the
maid on the floor on which is located
Miss Wells' apartment reported that
the room had not been occupied. Think
ing possibly the occupant was visiting
friends, no heed was paid to her ab
sence for several days. Meanwhile fre
querft inquiries were being made for
vhe young woman at ths hotel and her
continued absence resulted in an in
vestigation that led the hotel manage
ment to suspect that Miss Wells had
possibly met with some mishap.
Inquiry among Miss Wells* friends in
this city failed to reveal her where
abouts, and an effort to get some in
formation regarding her from her sis
ter's local attorney, Ludwig M. Hoef
ler, was eaually as fruitless. An in
spection dx the missing woman's
apartments revealed many circum
stances that would suggest that she had
not departed on a long trip, for her
abundant supply of wearing apparel
was found hanging in the closet, and
her combs and brushes and jewelry
and trinkets were lying carelessly upon
her bureau. In short, there was noth
ing in the way of evidence in Miss
Wells' rooms that would indicate that
she had made any preparations for a
prolonged absence.
In discussing the strange case last
evening, one of the representatives of
the St. Francis said that the careful
Investigation made by the hotel had
failed ln its purpose of bringing to
light the slightest explanaton for Miss
Wells' absence. She had paid her first,
week's bill, and the fact that she had
not promptly settled for the second
week had caused no particular concern,
for it is known that she is a responsi
ble person, and no thought of her de
linquency had entered the minds of the
hotel management. Two days ago the
woman's effects were gathered together
and placed in the hotel storeroom to
await a claimant.
A theory that Miss Wells may be
lying ill somewhere in this city sug
gested itself yesterday after the fact
became known that she had come to
San Francisco for her health. This bit
of information was gleaned from At
torney Hoefler. who, while discussing
the case last evening, said:
ATTORNEY HOEFLER WORRIED.
"Miss Wells' disappearance is as
much 'a mystery to me as the people in
the St. Francis Hotel. I cannot dis
cover any cause for her strange absence
unless it be that she has been taken
ill somewhere, and in that case I would
imagine, that those with whom she
might be staying would notify her
friends. Certainly the young woman
would need clean clothing, and that
fact would necessitate her friends vis
iting the St. Francis. As to any finan
cial embarrassments that Miss Wells
might have experienced, I will .say that
her sister left with me certain funds
that could readily be applied to Miss
Wells' needs. Recently Mrs. Webster
advised me that her sister had been ill
in New York and was coming to San
Francisco the hope of bettering her
health. There is a bare possibility that
unexpected sickness may be the solu
tion" of her absence."
Attorney Hoefier said he would re
new the inquiry for the missing woman
to-day and would advise her sister of
the facts in the case. Miss Wells is an
attractive woman, whose stately fig
ure, properly gowned, made her an ob
ject of attention among the other
guests of the St. Francis during her
short stay there. During that period
she made no complaint of illness to
those she met, and when l««t seen,
leaving the hotel, she appe#*ar In the
best of spirits. r S
SIR CHARLES WYNDHAM
SERIOUSLY INJURED
English Actor Knocked Down by a
Trolley Car and His Shoul
der Dislocated.
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.—Sir Charles
Wyndham, the English actor, was bad
ly injured to-night by a trolley car.
His right shoulder was dislocated and
he was unable to appear to-night In
"The Case of Rebellious Susan" at
the Lyceum Theater.
While on his way to the theater
Wyndham was knocked down and the
motorman barely avoided running
over him.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1905.
FIVE VOTES
PUT SWAYNE
IN DISGRACE
House by Narrow
Majority Votes to
Impeach.
—. »■
Gillett ol California Makes
Vain Plea lor Florida
Federal Judge.
—*—
* WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.—The House
of Representatives to-day adopted the
twelve articles of impeachment against
Judge Charles Swayne of the District
Court of Northern Florida, which had
been presented by its special commit
tee of investigation. The Speaker was
authorized to appoint a member to pre
sent the case to the Senate and con
duct the impeachment proceedings be
fore that body.
ThiS action was the culmination of a
debate which has been in progress for
more than a •week, and which has de-
veloped much partisan feeling. The
first vote, that to table the first arti
cles, which related .to the falsification
of expenses, went against Judge
Swayne by the naY/frw margin of five
votes. This was "rewarded' as ths test
vote, as the charge regarding expenses
was the only one concurred in by the
members of the committee signing the
minority report. The motion to table
these articles were lost, 160 to 166.
Twenty-four Republicans voted with
the Democrats against tabling, and
three Democrats voted with the Re
publicans to table. On roll call these
three articles were adopted.
Articles 4 and 5, relating to the free
use of a private car by Judge Swayne,
were made the subject of a separate
vote and adopted. Like action followed
on articles 6 and 7, charging him with
non-residence in his district. This was
the last roll call, as articles 8, 9, 10 and
11, relating to the Davis-Belden con
tempt case, and article 12, relating to
the O'Neil contempt case, were de
clared adopted on viva voce votes.
The last time the House voted to pre
sent articles of impeachment was ln
1876, when it voted the impeachment of
W. W. Belknap, Secretary of War un
der President Grant.
The debate to-day was chiefly nota
ble for the closing arguments in the
case. That for Judge Swayne was
made by Gillett of California and that
for impeachment by Palmer of Penn
sylvania. Gillett made an earnest plea
for the Judge and Palmer spoke
strongly for purity on the bench and
for impeachment.
Gillett read a telegram, signed, he
said, by the leading merchants and cit
izens of Pensacola, Fla., condemning
the impeachment proceedings and ex
pressing a sentiment friendly to Judge
Swayne. Judge Swayne, he said, would
never have been proceeded against and
"persecuted" if it had not been for the
O'Nell contempt proceedings.
Gillett spoke of the car incident as
having occurred years ago and said it
would be trifling to present seriously
such a charge. He asked where It
would end if Congress started to Im
peach men for riding ln a private car.
He said he had statements showing it
was the Intention that $10 a day should
be charged by Judges, and that he had
a statement from the Secretary of the
Treasury showing other Judges had
charged $10.
Bell of California was one of the
three Democrats who voted against
impeachment.
ABDUL'S HAREM
LOSES CAPTIVE
Special Dtepatch to Tbe Call.
WORCESTER, Mass., Jan. 18.—Torn
by Turkish soldiers from the arms of
her mother, who was killed in a massa
cre; reared in the palace of Sultan Ab
dul Hamid, whose harem she refused to
Join; dragged through the underground
passage, to be drowned in the Bospho
rus, Esther Blumengarten, a beautiful
Hebrew girl, arrived here to-day after
having been rescued through the efforts
of agents employed by the banking
house of Ernest Cassei A Co., at the
Instance of her father, a Harlem mer
chant. She has gone to; New York, in
charge of Joseph Kahlin of the banking
firm, to Join her father and two broth
ers, whom she has not seen for years.
In the history of the Ottoman Empire
for nearly 1000 years, this is the first
escape from the Sultan's harem on rec
ord. Those who do not die a natural
death come to a sudden end or go
through the secret passages that lead
to the waters of the strait. Of the
thousands who have entered the Yildiz
Kiosk. Esther Blumengarten is the first
to emerge alive.
The rescue of the girl required six
months of planning and conspiracy.
CZAR AGAIN OUTWITTED
BY CLEVER DIPLOMACY
OF STATE DEPARTMENT
Hau Balks Move
Directed at
China.
Wins Support of
Germany and
England.
WAN-WEN-TSAO, VIRTUALLY PREMIER OF CHINA. WHO IS BEING GUIDED
BY THE AMERICAN SECRETARY OF STATE IN THE DIPLOMATIC TABK
OF CHECKING RUSSIA S ATTEMPT TO COMPLICATE WAR SITUATION.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.—Secretary Hay has assumed the master
hand In the Far Eastern situation. By a bold move he has check
mated Russia in her designs upon China and established his influ
ence as the dominating factor in peace negotiations which Anally
would end the war. In his anxiety to preserve the integrity of
China, which Is the great ambition of his life. Hay is again pledg
ing the powers of Europe to a strict compliance with his note of Feb
ruary 10, which resulted in the agreement that hostilities should be
confined to a specified area.
Special PUpatch to Th« Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.—It was offl- j
cially admitted to-day that Secretary |
Hay had sent a note to all of the pow
ers, except Russia and Japan, asking
them If they still were in favor of pre
serving China** integrity and main
taining the op>n door. This Inquiry,
which Hay had had in mind for some
time, was hastened by a hint from
some source that is not divulged that
Russia waV preparing to make an im
portant move. Without any definite
information, he suspected that the
Russian move would be a declaration
involving charges of violation of neu
trality by China, which would be made
an excuse for the invasion of China
proper. The developments of the next
few days proved the correctness of
Hay's guess, and the results, which are
here stated for the first time, show how
cleverly he has headed oft* the Rus
sians in their plan to complicate the
situation.
Great Britain. Germany and Italy
have replied to Hay's inquiry as to
their Intentions and have bound them
selves anew to preserve the integrity
of China and the open door. The other
powers have not been heard from, but
it is expected that their replies will be
equally favorable. Whether they are
or not. Hay believes that he now has
sufficient influence behind him to pre
vent any extension of the war zone, on
any condition. With the United States.
England, Germany and Italy standing
flrmly for Chinese integrity and the
open door. Hay considers it certain
that Russia will not dare to invade
China or succeed by any means in in
volving China ln the struggle.
GERMAN INTERESTS MENACED.
This country would not flght to pre
serve either China or the open door,
but England and Germany must, for
their interests in the Yangtse Valley
and on the Shantung Peninsula would
be menaced by any extension of the
zone of actual hostilities. Russia must
promise that they would not be dis
turbed, but in the light of recent events
Hay has no Idea that the Russian
promise would be accepted by either
England or Germany. It is Hay's con
viction that the Kaiser's friendship for
the Czar would be broken the moment
German interests were threatened, as
they would be by any invasion of
China by Russia,
In binding the powers to a new
agreement to protect China, Hay was
also moved by a desire to strengthen
his hands ln the final peace negotia
tions. It now will be impossible, he
believes, for any division of China to
follow the close of the war. whether
Russia or Japan wins. Hay believes
that Japan will win, and he does not
wish to see the Japanese deprived of
the fruits of their victory, as they were
in their war with China, by joint ac
tion of the powers, which would srive
Russia a slice of China as balm for her
wounds, each power at the same time
taking another slice on general prin
ciples.
With England, Germany and Italy
adhering to the principles which he has
laid down, regardless of what the other
powers may do, he believes that Rus
tpa soon will be forced to opep negotia
tions to end the war.
JAPAN'S COUNTER CHARGES.
TOKIO, Jan. 18.—The following re
port has been received from Japanese
Manchurian headquarters:
"In the recent engagements it be
came evident that the Russians warn
being aided by many Chinese regulars.
A Japanese detachment surrounded
Russian cavalry and Chinese soldiers
In the vicinity of- Sanchia, west of
Ncwchwang, on January 14, and dis
persed them. The Russian casualties
were more than 300. The Japanese
cr.ptured a quantity of arms.
"Lieutenant General Mistchenko's
raiders were between 5000 and 6000
strong. After they were defeated at
Newchwang they retreated to the
north, passing Laotuniulu. Japanese
cavalry encountered the exhausted
Russians in the neighborhood of Lao
hoshe on Monday evening (January 16).
They report that the Russians wore
Chinese coats and caps, and that
among them were many entirely
clothed ln Chinese costumes and wear-
ing pigtails." g
ST. PETERSBURG, 'Jan. 18.—The
Foreign Office expresses satisfaction
at the action taken by Secretary Hay
regarding the necessity for China's ad
hering rigidly to neutrality. It is dis
tinctly asserted here that Russia does
not desire to extend the area of hostil
ities to China, unless forced to do so.
Russia's notification to the powers that
she considers herself free to act in pro-,
tection of her own interests, it is point
ed out officially, is in the nature of a
formal warning of her position.
As a matter of fact, a very pessi
mistic view is taken here of the situa
tion in China, regardless of the profes
sions of the Peking Government. Ac
cording to Russian official reports, both
the Chinese Government and people
are falling more and more under Jap
anese Influence, especially since the fall
of Port Arthur.
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR—"The Girl and the Judge."
CALIFORNIA—"The Kerry Gow."
COLUMBIA —"A, Country Mouse."
CENTRAL—"A" Working Dirt's
Wrongs." fc
CHUTES—Vaudeville.
FlSCHEß'S—Vaudeville.
GRAND—"The Silver Slipper."
LYRIC HALL—Burton Holmes Lec
ture.
ORPHEUM—Vaudeville. Matinee to
day.
TTVOLl—"Travlata."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
WILL TEACH
MONKEYS TO
PICK PRUNES
San Jose Grower
Plans a Novel
Experiment.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 18.—The propositi.>n
to train monkeys to pick the prune
crop has been advanced by Martin v.
Seeley, an orchardist, who resides at
361 South Sixth street ln this city. He
conceived the idea of training the ani
mals to do sucft work while a resident
of Central America. Seeley asserts
that hu has made arrangemems with
iA. B. Janes of Acapulco, Panama, for
j 600 native, tamed monkeys, and that
I this shipment is now on its way to Cal
: ifornia. The securing of help to pick
the prunes off the ground has been a
perplexing problem of orchardists be
cause of a scarcity of help. Seeley de
clares that he will have no trouble ln
training the animals to pick up the
fruit, and will place muzzles on them
to prevent them eating it. Orchardists
in general doubt the practicability of
Seeley's plan.
LEE FOO'S TOGGERY
TAKES PORTLAND
BY STORM.
Appears on Streets
Clad in Gaudy
Clothing.
PORTLAND, Ore., Jan. 18.—Chlna
> town was all agog this afternoon at
] the appearance of Lee Foo, a wealthy
j merchant in the oriental section. Clad
lin the gaudiest of "Melican togs" and
i with a shiny high hat, Lee was a sight
to behold, and many were the subdued
exclamations of condemnation and
ridicule from the older Asiatics, while
the- approving smiles of the younger
ones were marked,
j Foo's glad clothes set him back con-
I siderably, but he tried not to look
I proud, and explained that they were
i adopted to celebrate the New Year's
festivities. His trousers were of a
gaudy check, with yellow silk stripes
down the side. The waistcoat had Jo
\ seph's coat faded to a last year's scare-
I crow, while a much-braided smoking
jacket completed the suit. Patent leath
er shoes covered Foo's feet. On his
Angers he wore diamonds of many kar
ats; a huge gem glistened in his neck
tie, apd a big, black cigar gave a high
finish to his get-up. So as not to get
into trouble with the Chinese priests.
Foo's pigtail was neatly coiled about
his head and covered with a wte of
< real 'Melican hair.2
LEGISLATURE FINALLY YIELDS TO JUNKETERS
SENATE GIVES
UP THE FIGHT
Confirms All Appointments
Made by Chief Executive
During the Last Two Years
OKDEBS INTESTIGATION
Committee Is to Look Into
Financial Affairs of the
University of California
SACAMENTO, Jan. 18. —That Gov
ernor Pardee's appointments of the
last two years were above attack was
made plain this morning When the
Senate, which a week or two ago re
solved Itself into a committee of scru
tiny, unanimously confirmed the list
of officials submitted by the chief ex
ecutive.
After all, the Senate is going to \
provide for its constitutional junket- ,
era. This morning found everything '
ripe for their third attempt to carry |
out 1 their plans. Senator Shortridge, i
trho Jed the preceding fights against
the plans of the junketers, was absent
from his desk, so no opposition could
come from that quarter. Senator
Belshaw was busy with other matters,
and Senator Savage was out in the
•corridor enjoying a eigur. With the
coast thus cleared Senator Pendleton
presented the following resolution: j
Resolved. Thai the committee* on Finance, |
Edu.ia.ikia. Hospitals snd Asylums. Prisons and .
Reformatories and Public Buildings and j
Grounds ue authorised u> appoint a frub-oom
mittse of rwo each and that aaid sub-oonimit
tt-e»- together with the sergeant at arms of tbe
Senate, ooittiinile a oummitiee to visit such
public institutions as they may deem necessary
in order that such institutions may be thor
a uglily inquired into and ssportad upon to the
Senate and that they be allowed their actual
expenses while engaged in committee work
and such leave of absence as may be herein
after determined by the Senate.
The resolution was read, and before
an argument could start as to its
met its Pendleton moved that it be
submitted to the Finance Committee
for further consideration. As there
was no objection the chair granted
the motion, and in another minute the
Senate was proceeding along its way.
To-morrow, it is said, the Finance
Committee will report favorably on
tht resolution, and then all that will
remain to be done is to draw on the
Treasurer for the expenses of the
junketers.
Senator George R Keane of San
Francisco introduced the most impor
tant bill of this morning's session. It
provides for the addition of two sec
tions to the Penal Code establishing
the eight-hour working day for all
artisans employed upon the public
works of the State. Its terms are sim
ilar to those of the Federal act and
provide for the forfeiture of rights
and the punishment of contractors
and employers that violate or cause to
be violated the terms of the bill.
- A bill that caused considerable good
natured discussion makes it a felony
to kill elk in the State of California. It
was said by some of the best known
sportsmen among the members that
the bill should be referred to the San
Francisco delegation for consideration,
as the only elk in the State they know
of 'are confined in the paddock of
Golden Gate Park.
Senator Leeke's bill making it the
duty of the Board of Supervisors of
each county to designate a proper per
son to see that fit burial is given to
the body of every honorably discharged
soldier, sailor or marine who served
during the war with Spain, tbe Philip
pine insurrection, the Civil War or the
war with Mexico, was recommended
by the Committee on Military Affairs,
finally passed by tbe Senate and sent
to the Assembly. The committee also
favorably reported on the resolution
providing for the arming of the Sons I
of Veterans with the Springfield rifles
-that were turned over to the Govern
ment by tbe National Guard at the
time of its rearmament with the Krag
"Jorgensen rifles.
. There promises to be Interesting de
velopments as the result of a resolu
tion introduced in the Senate by Sen
ator Carter asking for the appointment
of a committee of five to investigate
financial conditions at the University
of California. Carter, who came from
Los Angeles, is plain in his statement
that he does not like the financial sys
tem of the university. In the resolu
tion calling for the appointment of the
committee he says:
"Large appropriations have been
made by the Legislature to maintain
the institution, and during the last two
years sums of money aggregating be
tween $60,000 and $70,000 belonging to
certain university funds were misap
propriated by S. A. McKeown. an offi
cial, and I ask that a special committee
of five be appointed to make an inves
tigation of the university, to send for
books and witnesses, and report not
later than February 10."
Appropriations for New Buildings.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 18.—The Sen
ate Committee on Public Buildings
held a meeting this afternoon and rec
ommended for passage Senator Wood
ward's bill providing for the appro
priation of a total of $105,000 for the
completion of the main building and
the construction of several cottages
and dormitories at the Home for the
Care and Training of Feeble-minded
Children at Glen Ellen. The commit
tee also recommended that Carter's
bill calling for the appropriation of
$200,000 for the purchase of a site for
the construction of a State historical 1
building at Los Angeles be passed. I
SCOTTS^MJiJIiSION.
FLESH BUILDER
The liver ot* the cod fish
' produces oil that is a won
derful flesh builder. No fat
or oil Can compare with it
Hi that respect. To get the
best out of it, it most be
emulsified and made like
cream. In Scott's Emul
sion it is prepared in the
best possible form to pro
duce the best possible re
sults. Thirty jaears have
proven this.
*X?W+~l>WXX,4*rmml pint Wkm M,
WORK TOR THE GOVERNOR
Necessary to Make
Gut in Appropria
tion Bills.
Executive Explains
His Position in
the Matter.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 18— The ques
tion Of - appropriations is one that 1b
now interesting every citizen of the
State. Bills that will more than eat
up the surplus moneys of the treasury
—those not actually required to carry
on the established institutions—have
already been introduced, and it now
rests with the Governor to do the prun
ing. When asked what his position
would be in regard to these appropria
tions. Governor Pardee said:
"Well, that's a pretty big subject,
and cannot be answered in a word or a
sentence. For, after all, appropria
tions are, of course, necessary for the
support of the State and Its institu
tions; and, therefore, must be made.
"The State raises by taxation a cer
tain amount of money, and this money
must be expended in such a way . that
the institutions of the State, its schools,
hospitals, penitentiaries, reformatories,
etc, etc, are well taken care of.
This is done by means of the
general appropriation bill. After the
general appropriation bill has been
figured out It is ascertained
what sum of money will be required to
run the State government and provide
for its institutions, then, by simply
subtracting the amount of the general
appropriation bill from the amount of
the State's income, the amount of
money to be applied to betterments of
existing institutions and the building
of new ones, both of which are pro
vided for by special appropriations,
can be readily ascertained.
"To illustrate: Suppose that the
State's income from taxation and other
sources amounts to $10,000,000. Suppose
that it costs us 19,000,000 to run the
State and provide for the needs of our
public schools, our high schools, our
university and five normal schools, our
institutions for the deaf and blind, our
Aye insane asylums, our home for the
adult blind, our home for the feeble
minded, our veterans' home, our two
penitentiaries, our two reformatories,
pay half of the salaries of all the Su
perior Judges, support the Su
preme Court and the appellate
courts, pay all of the salaries of the
State officials, support the National
Guard, build new roads and take care
of those we already have. Then, as is
evident, there can be but $1,000,000 put
into betterments of existing institu
tions or into providing new ones. It Is
simply a matter of two additions and
one sulfcraction.
"Of coiirse, there are many, many
things the State ought to do. But
where can we get the money with
which to do them all? It isn't so much
a question of what we ought to have
as it is a question of what we can get.
Just as in a private business, the
State's expense account cannot exceed
its income. And that is all there is
to it"
RECESSION OF YOSEMITE.
Joint Committee Will Report Favor
ably on the Measure.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 18.—John Muir.
the famous naturalist, whose tenderest
sentiments are intertwined with the
beauties of nature's great wonder spot,
the Yosemite Valley, appeared this af t
j ernoon before the joint meeting of tlw
Senate and Assembly committee hav
ing under consideration the bill for pro
viding for the recession of the valley
and the Mariposa Big Trees Grove to
the Federal Government. He pleaded
that the bill be passed and the Yo
semite be given back Into the care of
the nation. Other citizens of promi
nence made the same plea. To-morrow
the committees will report the bill fa
vorably in their respective houses, and
it seems- certain that it will become a
law.
Others who spoke for the recession
were Arthur R. Briggs, vice president
and manager of the California State
Board of Trade; William E. Colby, sec
retary of the Sierra Club; Warren Ol
ney. Mayor of Oakland; John G.
Northy, president of the California
Water and Forest Association; H. R.
McNoble of Stockton, a past grand
president of the Native Sons of the
Golden West; Miss* Mary Fairbrother,
representing the California Woman's
Club; Andrew P. Hill of San Jose, pres
ident of the Sempervirenß Club; As
semhlymen Mitcheltree and Estudillo
and Senator Belshaw.
The only voice raised against the bill
was that of Senator Curtin, whose
principal objection was contained in
the fact that the recession of the tracts
would place ln the hands of the Fed
eral Government Improvements valued
at $241,000 without return. This argu
ment was answered by Senator Bel
shaw, however, who said that as the
State does not own the Yosemite Val
ley, holding it merely as trustee, its
title to the Improvements is not abso
lute, and, even were this the condition,
the improvements would be put to the
same uses in the future that they had
been in he past, and the object of the
' State in constructing them would be
fulfilled in any event. He further said
that, even though the State had put
this much money into permanent im
provements in the valley, it would be
returned by the Government in appro
priations it would make for betterment,
which would be money saved to Cali
fornia, and which, if the Government
did not take the reservation, must be
provided for by the State.
May Escape Special Investigation.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 18.—Senator
Emmons* resolution providing for an
investigation by a special committee
of the State Hospital for the Insane at
Napa, where 'Joseph R. Lewis, a pa
tient, recently met his death, it is al
leged, at the hands of two attendants,
has been recommended to be laid over.
It was agreed that the Committee on
Hospitals and Asylums should visit
the Napa institution and learn some
thing about conditions there.
Going After Illegal Companies.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 18. —The Sen
ate Committee on Commissions and
Retrenchments met this evening* and
prepared a resolution directed against
fake building and loan, diamond con
tract and other fake concerns that it
wishes the Senate to adopt. The res
olution calls for an Investigation by
•the committee, which, if given the
permission sought, will examine inte
these concerns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1905.
TWO PROMINENT. AND U'ELL KNOWN MEMBERS OF THE SAN FRANCISCO
DELEGATION IN THE LOWER HOUSE OF THE LEGISXiATrHE AND ONE
OF ALAMEDA COUNTY'S REPRESENTATIVES IX THE BTATK SKNATE.
BERLINDI AND
BAZELLI STAR
IN "MANON"
It is not often that I have the im
politeness to note what grand opera
has on. One doesn't usually care. Still,
there are times. Last night, with Mas
senet's "Manon," that the Tivoli put
on for the second time in San Fran
cisco, was one of them. The date of
the opera is 1721. Its people are the
powdered, pompadoured, polonaisud
folk of Watteau et al., eminently co
i quettish and dainty in garb. The first
I act of "Manon," however, might have
j been costumed from yesterday's rag
; bag, with here and there a* painfully
respectable tailored suit and even a
cravenette raincoat! —'tis true it rained
, cats, kittens and little dogß last night,
i But Manon herself, of the women, was
i the only person properly garbed. In
the fourth act —again the third was
i cvt —the costumed were in date but
| wonderfully Unsplendid, though not un
i soiled. They cried for gasoline—we for
j a match. This kind of thing happens
jto matter in "Manon." The opera, spir
| ituelle, aristocratic, is elegance itself ln
; atmosphere. Costumed thus, it goes
' something like a butterfly on crutches.
I Fortunately, the chorus is frequently
i absent from the stage, and the Mar
senet atmosphere gets a chance. When
It does there is much of charm both for
eye and ear. The last time we heard
"Manon" the opera was sandwiched in
between the "Valkyries" and some
thing else equally massive. Its delicate
prettiness, aristocratic gayety and
suave, engaging measure were crushed
in the Wagnerian mill. Last night, in
| spite of the lack of sufficient rehearsal,
| the opera developed as a singularly
| pleasing work. It is light, but individ
j ual, French to the core, and contains
j much engaging melody and is orches
trated in peculiarly ingenious and tak
i ing fashion.
Berlindi, Bazelli and the orchestra
I were the stars of the performance."The
', extraordinary character of the work
, done by the Tivoli orchestra and its
! home and foreign annex is hardly done
credit to by its audiences. True, with
[ thi want of proper rehearsal the Work
has been much in the nature of
"stunts," brilliant but breathless. We,
no more than the orchestra, can draw
a quite full breath until it is through.
But last night's "Manon," so far as the
orchestra went, had a finish, an elas
ticity, a repose, that ln the circum
stances was wonderful. Signor . Pol
lacco's conducting has not so far been
seen to more distinguished and charac
teristic advantage.
Berlindi's Manon is one of the hits
of the season. She is a winsome lit
tle creature, her personality an in
creasingly attradtive quantity. As the
vain little French beauty she 1 was
equally charming and convincing. But
Berlindi was at her best ln the" scene
of Manon's temptation of her lover
turned priest. ' She furnished . every
reason for Dcs Grleux's capitulation.
There has been nothing so seductive
on the Tivoli stage since the Colla
marini Carmen. Miss Berlindi may
have a cold —most of the singers have
discovered that we have a climate—
but It was not apparent ln her fluent
and brilliant singing of the role.
Signor Bazelli came way up front
Good Printing.
If you want good, attractive "printing,
the kind that brings business/,call and
see us. We print business cards, letter
heads and all kinds of commercial star
tionery. Prices right. Sanborn, - Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street . ... ' •
HEAVY RAINSTORM
SETS IN IN INTERIOR
Farmers Are Happy, as the Down
pour Will Prove of Great
Benefit to Them.
STOCKTON, Jan. 18.—A heavy rain
storm set in here this evening at 6
' o'clock, and there was a copious down
pour. It is worth a great deal of
money to the farming interests.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 18.—Rain com
menced falling here at 5 p. m. and will
probably continue throughout the
night, to the great benefit of the val
ley. .
FRESNO, Jan. 18.—Rain began fall
ing here to-night at 9 o'clock, and kept
up a steady downpour, with every
prospect of it continuing throughout
the night. The rain is a welcome one,
though there has been no suffering re-
I cently in the farming district for want
of showers. Grass ln the foothills and
grazing districts will be much bene
fited. Farmers are happy.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Urnmo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if it fails to cure.
E. W, Grove's signature \a on each box. 29c.*
Pharmacists Seek Legislation.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 18.— J. J. Crow
! ley of San Francisco is in Sacramento,
i representing the California State Board
jof Pharmacy relative to its measures
i appertaining to the regulation and pro
i tection of pharmacies in the State, also
a bill regulating the sale of poisons.
CONSTANTINOPLE Jan. 18.—The British
seamen's hospital was' opened here to-day by
Lady Susan Townley. wife of the Councillor
of the British Embassy in the presence of a
large gathering of people.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, January 18.
Stmr Breakwater, Seaman. 38 hour* from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Peru. Mackinnon, 21 days and 17
hours from Panama, via Maxatlan 6 days aad
7 hours.
SAILED.
Wednesday, January 18.
Stmr Elizabeth. Jensen, Coqullle River.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE—Sailed Jan 18—Br ship Clan
Graham, for Melbourne.
ABERDEEN—SaiIed Jan 18—Stmr Aber
deen, for San Francisco. .
Arrived Jan 18—Schr A J West, from San
Diego.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU —Sailed Jan 18—Stmr Neb rus
ks, n, for Kahului.
Arrived Jan 18—Stmr Sierra, hence Jan 12
for Sydney.
FOREIGN PORT.
VICTORIA—SaiIed Jan 18—Stmr City of
Puebla, for San Francisco.
Passed in Jan 18—Stmr Olympla, from As
toria, for Comox.
with his Dcs Grieux. Bazelli is a
young- singer, his voice is young and
not trained In the best of schools.
When It comes to an Almaviva, with ■
its first song demanding all sorts of
tenor perfections, Signor Bazelli is not I
there. Last night, however, in a role
ln every way more "simpatica," the j
young tenor developed in surprising t
fashion. He sings with sometimes
exquisite taste and one quite forgave
the encore fiend for desiring to hear
again his charming "With Fancy's
Eye I Saw. Manon."
La Puma was also in the cast one
sees by the programme. With a voice
like the barytone's when he cares to
use it this should be an important
fact. It wasn't last night. Nor did
any one else particularly matter.
The opera will be repeated on Fri
day night, and any and everybody will
enjoy it.
Tetrazzini and "La Traviata" to
night.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Good intentions never come with a
guar ante*
VACATION TIME
FOR STATESMEN
Members of the Lower House
Arrange for a Series of
Pleasant Junketing Trips
SHORT TOURS IN ORDER
Committees Will Enjoy Out
ings at the Expense of
Taxpayers of the State
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 18. —Under
resolutions adopted by the Assembly
this morning many members of the
Lower House will enjoy pleasant jour- I
neys to various sections of the State
before the session ends. The flippant |
will probably refer to these as "jun- |
keting trips," but the statesmen who j
are to take them know them only as
"tours of investigation." The com
mittees on Public Buildings and
Grounds, Commerce and Navigation I
and State Hospitals and Asylums were
granted leaves of absence and per
mission to visit the places and institu
tions that will figure in the legislation
to be considered by them.
The Commerce and Navigation
Committee was the only one that had
any sort of a fight to carry its resolu
tion for a vacation. Assemblyman
Gus Hartman of San Francisco intro
duced it. It asked for leave of ab
sence from January 20 to January 26
and designated San Francisco, San
Diego and San Pedro harbors as the
points to be visited.
The various penal institutions of
the State, the hospitals for thd insane,
including that in Southern California
and the Veterans' Home ln Napa
County, will be visited.
Duryea said that if all the com
mittees, or ev)Sn two of them, should
go away at the same time it would be
hard to get a quorum of the House.
The Speaker said the chairmen of the
committees would so arrange the
dates as to prevent any such difficulty.
On Dorsey's motion a resolution was
adopted providing that not more than
two committees should be absent at
once. A resolution by Olmsted that
no member of more than one commit
tee should be allowed mileage more
than opce to any one section of the
State was also adopted.
The Assembly, after the introduc
tion of bills, among which were forty
code revision measures from Drew,
adjourned till to-morrow morning
at 10.
The Assembly smiled when Stanton
of Los Angeles introduced a bill pro
viding for "the better education of
practitioners of naturopathy." It was
a new one on the legislators. All per
sons acting as masseurs shall be
deemed to be practicing naturopathy
and shall take out licenses.
The bill providing for a State board
of three barber examiners w-as intro
duced in the House by Mitcheltree.
Whiting introduced a bill providing
for the appointment of an inspector of
mines at a salary of $3000 a year and a
deputy at $8 a day while actually em
ployed.
Branstetter introduced a measure
carrying an appropriation of $32,000
to protect the banks of the Eel River
from erosion by riprap and jetty work.
A bill providing for a public defender
to represent all persons charged with
felonies who are unable to employ
counsel was introduced by Assembly
man Houser. Under the proposed meas- I
ure the official shall be appointed for \
a term of two years and the scale of t
compensation ranges from $75 to $150 .
a month, according to the class of the i
counties. A similar bill was defeated j
at the last session.
CHICAGO. Jan. 18.—To-day at the Union of
American Hebrew Congregation* President
Roosevelt and Secretary of State Hay were
warmly commended for efforts to secure civil
rljrhts and the issuance of passports for Jews
ln Russia.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Reliable Directory of Society People
Just Issued.
Charles C. Hoag has just taken from the press the San Francisco Blue
Book for the season of 1905. It has a blue binding*, illuminated with gold.
The contents are printed in colors and arranged ln departments repre
senting the leading families in San Francisco and one hundred Suburban
towns, giving the names, addresses and reception days. The Men's Clubs
with complete lists of members, are given. Also diagrams of the Thea
ters, personnel of the Press, Ladies' Shopping Guide, Street and Avenue
Guide, giving the car line to any desired number.
As for its intrinsic worth, the fact that it is issued with the. official
indorsement of the California Federation of Women's Clubs is a sufficient
guarantee of its reliability. • '*
Since the women of California have found that they have so many in
terests in common this book Is a necessity and a comfort. It puts tha
woman of the uttermost parts of the State in communication with each
other. In addition to the names and addresses of 10,000 women in this
book, the date of c -ranization and the times of meeting of each club -are
indicated.
Address CHAS. C HOAC, Publisher,
320 Sansome St., Room 47,
Telephone Mam 1760. Son Francisco.
- jj -. ■ . ■ , N
WILL PROTECT
THE INVESTORS
Atkinson Introduces a Bill
in Assembly to Suppress
"Get-Rich-Quick" Concerns
SEVERE REGULATIONS
Corporations Coming Under
Provisions of Act Must
Make Deposit With State
a-
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan, 18.—Assembly
man Thomas" E. Atkinson of San Fran
cisco introduced in the House this
morning a bill intended te> suppress the
various "grafting" corporations and
companies that are now gathering in
shekels from the unsophisticated. The
bill provides for -the protection of in
vestors by deposits from the compa
nies and corporations coming under
the provisions of the act. The follow
ing portion of the act enumerates the
concerns affected by it:
. Every corppration. heretofore or hereafter
formed under the laws of this State or the
laws of any other State, Territory or foreign
country, and every person, firm or association
operating under any title, name or designa
tion other than e uch as shall disclose to the
public the full name of each and all the part
ners or associates interested therein, transact
ing business in this State aa a bond, bond in
vestment, debenture, diamond, tontine, indem
nity, guaranty or benefit company, or any
company or association formed for or with
the idea of raising its circulating capital, in
vestment or operating fund or funds, or the
equivalent thereof, by the sale l or disposal of
its own bonds, debentures, investment cer
tificates, contracts or other choses In action,
Or the bonds, debentures, investment certifi
cates, contracts or other choses In action of
any other person, firm association or corpora
tion, and not licensed by nor under the super
vision of the Bank Commissioners, Building
and Loan Commissioners or Insurance Com
missioners, must, as a prerequisite for the
future transaction of business in this State,
deposit, with the State Treasurer the sum of
ten thousand dollars.
It is also provided In the bill that all
the concerns enumerated shall file with
the Secretary of State, thirty days after
the close of the fiscal year, a detailed
statement, and shall pay a fee of $25
for the first $50,000 of capital and $20
for each additional $50,000. All moneys
so collected shall go into the State
treasury and form a fund to be known
as the tontine and debenture fund.
Assemblyman Atkinson, who is an
expert accountant, has not forgotten
that 'craft in framing the bill. As a
further check on the illegal operations
of such of these concerns as may be
of a dubious nature the proposed act
contains the following:
Within thirty days after the filing of any
such annual' report by any sucN incorporation,
person, firm or association "the Secretary of
State shall designate some qualified disin
terested public accountant to make a full and
complete expert examination of the affairs and
business of such corporation, person, firm or
association snd to report the result ln writing.
Such report shall be placed with the annual
report and both shall be open to public In
spection during business hours. All expenses
of such expert examination. Including travel
ing and hotel expenses anA a per diem of
not exceeding fifteen dollars for each day of
six hours, shall be paid by the corporation,
person, firm or association so examined and
a duplicate of the bill of expenses shall ac
company the report of the public accountant.
MAY INDORSE SONNTAG.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 18.—The San
Francisco Senatorial delegation met
this afternoon to consider what action
if any it should take regarding the
appointment of a member of the
Board of State Prison Directors. A
majority of "the members expressed
themselves as favoring the indorse
ment of Colonel Charles Sonntag of
San Francisco, but the delegation de
cided to defer action until a future
date, as some opposition was mani
fested.
The delegation will support the.
bills to raise the salaries of San Fran
cisco Superior Judges to $6000 and
of Justices of the Peace to $3600.
.iL ~ ~
I WILL GI T E $1000
-jgiygQiw 111 fail to cure any
CANCER
M or Tumor I treat
*8b» MBk. (Kh hefore It poison*
H TW ' deep gland* k
7 Khbifil Ho Paid
ia£ wNo fay Until Bored
In 80 year-1 have cured more
** J] cancers thai snj other doctor
Hvtag. Mo 4 Ray or other iwls-
J HycBTIOATC /
ANiute GmnutM
LJMP IN
WOMAN'S BREAST £ GANGER
They always poison the glancs in the armptt
snd shoulder; then cure is often hi possible. Any
tumor, lump er sore on the LIP FACE or any.
where six noaths is nearly a)ways cancer.
They sever pain until almost pan care. %
120 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE,
with symptoms ana teethnoniiusof tboustaods
sure* whoa you caa see aad talk with.
CIAMLEY CANCEI INSTITUTE lie
OR. t. n and MRS. CHAMLEY. IN* a gees
" Strictly Reliable." Two Lady Assistants.
Offices 25Third St., San Francisco
sem n mm with camger
I Good Handbdji/s
at sacrj flee Prices
Wo have several lines of good
Bass that must be sold this
week. You may have choice of
gray, brown, tan and black. All
new styles. Some as low as
50c
Bags and Purses repaired at
reasonable prices.
COOTCUH'S SE LP-FILLING
PfiJT is the ideal fountain pen
for men and women. Conven
ient and cleanly. Prices
&3.00 to ftfi.OO
Out-of-town orders' promptly
filled.
THAT MAIM PITTS
F. W. PITTS, The Stationer.
1008 XABKST ST.. Opp. Fifth,
SAN FRANCISCO.
BRAIN BAGS
The Board of Directors of San
Quentin Prison, on Saturday, the
14th inst., fixed the price of bags
at SV2 cents each, reserving the
right at the end of sixty days to
change this price. Blank affidavits
and any further information con
cerning the purchase of bags will
be furnished upon application to
the Warden. The limit of bags on
each affidavit is, by law, 5000.
1 J. W. TOMPKINS, Warden.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamer* tot company, or
for which it is agent, leave
Pier* 9 and 11, San Fran-
For Ketchikan, W range 1.
Juneau, Treadwell, Haines,
Skaguay. etc., Alaska—ll a.
m., Jan. .20, 25, 30, Feb. 4.
Change to this company's
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver. Anacortes, Port
Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, South
Bellingham, Beliingham—ll a. m., Jan. 20, 25.
30, Feb. 4. Change at Seattle to this com
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. Iff. Ry.;
at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van
couver to "C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Jan. 23, 29. Feb. 4. Corona, 1 :3© p. m..
Jan. 20, 26, Feb. t.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Panta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California,. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cru*. Mon
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Cooe Bay. 9 a. m., Jan. 22. :iO. Feb. 7.
Santa Crux (freight onry), 9 a. m., Jan.
18, 26.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Maxatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia.
Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each month.
For further information obtain folders. Right
is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OTTtCTH— I Ne« Mrfotaretn
ery st. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market st., and Broad
way wharves. PreiebtCffce Ift Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Sutter st., will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AMERICAN LUTE.
Plymouth—Cherbourg—Southam *>+"n.
St. Louis Jan. 28; -St. Paul Feb. It
Philadelphia ...Feb. 4 New York Feb. 18
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LINE.
New York—London Direct.
Menominee Jan. 28'Mesaba Feb. 11
Mlnnetonka ...Feb. 4 Marquette Feb. 18
RED STAR LINE.
New Tork—Antwerp—London—Paris.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris
Vaderland Jan. 28 Zeeland Feb. 11
Kroonland Feb. 4 Finland Feb. IS
WHITS STAB LINE.
New Tork—Oneanstown —Liverpool.
Baltic Feb. 1" Oceanic. Feb. IS. 2pm
Teutonic, Feb. 8. 10 am MnJestic.Feb 22. 10am
Boston—Oueenstown —Liverpool.
Wlrvifredian Feb. 81 Cymric March 1
NEW TORK AND BOSTON DIRECT
To the Mediterranean,
Via Aaores, Gibraltar. Naples, Genoa.
Alexandria.
FROM NRW TORK.
CRETTC Feb. 4. noon; Mar. 18, noon
REPUBLIC Feb. 25. noon
FROM BOSTON.
ROMANIC. .Jan. 28, 3:30 p. m.: Mar. 11,1 p.m.
CANOPIC Feb. 18, 8:30 a. m.
C D. TAYLOR Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
21 Post St., San Francisco.
ftf f fllllC S.3LCO* «""'■» s^Toi'?
S 8 ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Jan. 21, 11 A.M.
8 8 SONOMA for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney. Thur*., Feb. 2, 1006. 2 P. M.
«. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Feb. 7, 11 A. M.
] £ SPKECIELSft BROS. CO.. AZtS,,Ticsis: 01C8643 In
in rrsigst Office 327 Mattst st, Pwr 7, Pacing >l
i ' ~~' —•
00MFA3HII OSNBRAM TBANRATLAHTIQTJI.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE—Paris. w
Sailing every Thursday instead of ■MJOBk
Saturday, at 10 a.m., from Pier 42, -»)-MM9
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre, $70 aad upward. Sec
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudso* building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, Bah Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
For TJ. S. Navy Yard and Fallelo.
Strs, General Frlsbie, Monticello aad Arrow.
9:46 a.m., 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m., 6 p-jn., 8:30
p.m.: Sundays 9:4 i a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p,m..
8:30 p.m. Leave Vallejo. 7 am., 9 a.m., «:.«)
p.m,, 3:15 p.m. (*5:45 p.m. Saturday), 6 p.m.
Sunday*, 7 a.m., 9 a.m., 3:20 p.m., 8 p.m. Pier
2, foot Mission St.; phone Main 15*6, HATCH
BRO* . . .... ,TO NEW YORK
BY WIRELESS
Stations to Be Established
From Sin Francisco to
Other tfde of Continent
j —«
WOBK N#W PROGRESSING
i •
Apparatus Soon to Be Placed
in Tin's City as Part of
a Sys/em of Wide Extent
/ ♦
Special »in>atch to Th« Call.
• DENVER, Jan. 18— W. H. Murray,;
. a representative of the American De
Forrest Wireless Telegraph Company,
will leave to-morrow for San Francisco, I
where He will establish one of a Beries j
of wireless telegraph stations across I
the continent. Within two weeks, it is |
declared, Denver's wireless telegraph
station will be in operation and mes
sages will be transmitted to Kansas
City, Chicago, St. Louis, New Tork and
Other Eastern cities. Arrangements
have been made for the erection of a
tower on top of the Mining Exchange j
building, one of the loftiest structures I
of the city, in which the company has
rented offices. The instrument for the
local station has been shipped from j
New York. Murray said to-day:
"We expect to have everything in I
readiness for the opening of the San \
Francisco headquarters immediately
after the Denver opening takes place, j
I leave this city to-morrow night to '.
perfect the plans there."
The opening of the local station is to
be made a notable event. President 1
Abraham White of the company will I
be present and State and city officers j
will be invited to attend. A station is :
to be established on top of Pikes Peak
also.
THREE DEATHS IN A FAMILY
WITHIN TWENTY-FOUR HOURS
Mother and Two Sons Die at Different
Places Within Short Time of
Each Other.
CHICAGO, Jan. 18.—Three sudden
deaths within the past twenty-four
hours have occurred in the family of ;
Thomas Meehan, well known in local
commercial circles. Yesterday James
Meehan, the youngest son, died at
Kankakee. A few hours later the I
mother, Mrs. E. M. Meehan, was taken
iil with heart disease at a railway sta
tion here and soon died. To-day a
telegram was received that Thomas ;
Meehan had died in Denver, where!
ho went last week for a vacation.
The survivors of the family are three
sisters of Thomas Meehan.
The news of his death reached the
sisters as they were taking the re- j
mains of their mother and other
brother to the family home.
Joint Statehood Opposed.
SANTA FE, N. M., Jan. 18.—Both
houses of the Legislature to-day passed
strong resolutions protesting against
the passage of a joint statehood bill
and insisting that New Mexico is en- i
•titled to statehood with its present
boundaries and with its present name.
The vote was 31 to 5. Copies of tb»
memorial were ordered sent to the
President and every member of Con
gress.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sitters
The popularity of the
Bitters is increasing every
day because more people are
using it with splendid re
sults in cases of Heart
burn, Bloating, Indiges
tion, Dyspepsia, Consti
pation, Headache, Fe
male Complaints, Chills,
Colds .and Malaria,
Fever and Ague. A fafr
i
BIDS FOR
HAY
I
I will receive at my office, at
San Quentin, up to and includ- i
ing the 25th day of January, j
1905, bids for 500 bales of first- |
class wheat or oat hay. The
same to be delivered at the
Prison Wharf.
J. W. TOMPKINS,
Warden San Quentin State
Prison.
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
V GL% 1061 ****** Wt.M*7U, f
\ Or Tb« L*rje»t AMtoaica! Muna in tk« \ i
/) w wiUjmmi or «ar carnnctd m !
v CEjgf Ml diieut nrai hjr til* »!«e« "f
W /Mil >pe<»'nc oa tba C««L Bit 30 jrMit O
0 gjfrfi °*- *>oft*A*-l!l(ASE0 OF MEN 4
a J nWI Tracnaant ptnoMliy w br lrttcr. A m
VIW W ■ feltiv CWa la *r*ry dm ■adarttken. T
AP f nm WrtMte»««k.i*tnt.«aoraY**A
" a ll* ■*•■>*■!, MAILBB nu. (At
A £ H nluftbU bMk far an) \
CARTAS] clre sick heai l acre '
Vittle Genuine Must Bear
I PILL? fa-Simile Signature
HEALTH AND PARK BOARD
VACANCIES ARE FILLED
Mayor Appoints Dr. Sidney Worth and
William H Metson to Offices
TWO OF MAYOR SCHMITZS NEW APPOINTEES TO OFFICE. ONE OF WHOM
WAS YESTERDAY NAMED FOR THE HEALTH BOARD AND THE OTHER
WILL TO-DAY BE MADE A PARK COMMISSIONER.
j Mayor Schmitz yesterday formally
j arnounced the appointment of Dr. Sid
j ney Worth as a member.of the Health
'. Board to succeed Dr. Joseph Poheim,
I who has been appointed a Police Com
missioner. The Mayor also stated
that he would some time to-day hand
William H. Metson his commission as
a member of the Park Board to suc
ceed Frank J. Sullivan, whose term has
expired. Both appointments were
foretold in The Call.
Dr. Worth Wars handed his commis
sion for the office in the forenoon.
Worth is a member of the homeo
pathic school of medicine and owes
his selection to Dr. Ward, who recom
mended his appointment. Dr. Ward
afterward introduced his new col
league to the attaches of the Health
Office.
i Dr. Worth is a graduate of Dart
mouth College and of the Homeo
: p&thic College of New York, from
| which Dr. Ward also received his
credentials. Worth is a member of the
Pst Upsilon fraternity and is a dis
tinguished member of his profession,
iHe will be formally inducted into of
| flee at to-day's meeting of the Health
j Board.
William H. Metson, the new Park
j Commissioner, held the office once be
i fere, but was the only one not reap
' pointed when Mayor Phelan assumed
; the reins of power under the charter
'. in January, 1900. Metson is a lawyer
| and a man of high standing in the
cemmunity.
Dr. A. S. Adler, who lost his posi
i tion as laboratory assistant a week
I ago, will be appointed City Physician
|at to-day's meeting of the Health
Board, *
LAWYER SAYS HARGIS
PARTICIPATED IN FEUD
1 Asserts That He Wns Prepared to
Shoot at the Time Cockrell
Was Killed.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Jan. 18.—A. F,
1 Byrd, attorney for the commonwealth
jin the case against William Britton
; for the alleged assassination of James
! Cockrell at Jackson during a feud, in
i-hif opening argument of the case to
j day made the sensational statement
' that he would prove that Judge James
I Hargis sat In the window of his store
; with a rifle in his hands, prepared to
shoot, at the time Britton and Curtis
.Tett are alleged to have killed Cock
rell. This is the first time that Hargis'
name has been used as an a"ctual par
| tfripant ln any of the Jackson feudal
j killings.
STUDENTS NARROWLY
ESCAPE FROM FLAMES
Two Pupils From California Among
Those Who Have Close Call
in Illinois School.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 18. —Forty students
had a thrilling escape from death in a
fire which early to-day completely de
stroyed the Dodge & Clark school for
| stammerers at Brighton, 111, thirty
miles north of St. Louis. One student
was severely burned, but no lives were
lost.
Among those who had narrow
escapes were Miss May Partridge and
Herman Whisman of California.
SHEMAKHA. Caucasia. Jan. 18.—The report
circulated by a London news agency ln a dis
patch from St. Petersburg that an earthquake
haa occurred here and that hundreds of per
sona have been buried in the ruins of tho
buildlna-s m the lower part of the town Is
entirely untrue.
WASHINGTON. Jan 18.—Embassador As
pires of Mexico and Secretary Hay to-day
signed an arbitration treaty along the lines
of similar documents recently negotiated with
other countries.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JANUARY 19, 1905.
VOTES BRING
DOLLAR EACH
Deaver Waiter Says He Ca*t
Forty Ballots and Then
Came a Fall in Price
DENVER, Jan. 18.—In the Court of
Appeals' chamber to-day the commit
tee of twenty-seven members of the
Assembly, eighteen Republicans and
nine Democrats, appointed to hear the
contest of James H. Peabody for the
seat of Governor Alva Adams, held its
first open session to take testimony
from four witnesses. Chairman Grif
fith announced that sessions would be
held night and day to hasten the work
of Investigation to the utmost degree.
Harry C. Riddle, the first witness, de
clared that a re-checklng of the regis
tration list and comparison thereof
with the . names voted at the previous
election showed that substantially 8000
names appeared upon the registration
list, representing non-residents, per
sons deceased and purely fictitious
names.
Joseph Totter, a waiter, testified that
between 7 and 12 o'clock on the day of
election he voted at least forty times.
He said that 'slips containing names
and addresses were given to him by
men whom he knew to be prominent in
the politics of the lower words of the
city, and he was instructed to vote the
Democratic ticket. He testified to hav
ing agreed to cast these votes for the
consideration of Si each.
The witness stated that at some poll
ing places he voted four times and at
others so often that he had no recol
lection of the number. He declared that
eight or ten men voted with him on all
his trips.
In the afternoon, he said, he received
only 50 cents for each ballot.
Two witnesses were examined by the
committee to-night, Joseph Coyle and
Harry Stringer, They testified to re
peating on election day, Coyle asserting
that he voted in the neighborhood of
one hundred times, and Stringer ad
mitting that he cast at least 100 votes.
Both said they voted the Democratic
ticket each time.
PUEBLO. Colo., Jan. 18.—In a depo
sition by Mrs. Blanch Shaw, presented
here in a hearing in the District Court
in the election fraud cases, Mrs. Shaw
declares that she assisted Chief of De
tectives E. H. Wilson in making out
dozens of fraudulent registration
sheets and had received pay from him
for so doing. Mrs. Shaw has been in
custody since the Grand Jury began
investigating election frauds and the
deposition was taken in order to allow
her freedom. There are twenty-nine
other indictments against Wilson.
* +
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A BEAUTIFUL
PARIS PANEL
PHOTOGRAPH
of Yourself. Taken by the
ELITE PHOTOGRAPH
GALLERY,
838 Market Street.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sundn; Call.
Sec Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
STONE SCORES
THE PRESIDENT
Attacks Roosevelt's Attitude
During the Campaign on
the Trusts' Contributions
WANTS INVESTIGATION
Missouri Senator Includes j
Root and Cortelyou mi
His Heated Arraignment!
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.—The charges
lof Impropriety made in connection
j with the campaigns of 1836 and WO4
j were revived for a time to-day in the
j Senate by Stone of Missouri, who spoke
in support of his resolution providing
! for an investigation of the charges. Tie
j used with much freedom the names of
! President Roosevelt, Judge Parker and
i Chairman Cortelyou, and again related
I the allegations that Cortelyou had used
j the information secured by him as
J Secretary of Commerce and Labor to
! secure money from the trusts. In part
ihe said:
These charges have been made by Alton B.
| Parker and Thecdore Roosevelt. They are not
; vague, irresponsible campaign, rumors; . they
nre deflnit* charircs. We cannct ignore them.
Let the ln\> ftifcalion go on. If the Demo
i cratic party has also been recreant, if it also
iis guilty of this monstrous crime against good
; ffovcrnment. let it suffer the consequences.
I "Hew to the line; let the chip-* fall where
! they may."
To what level have We fallen if the Ameri
can rm< :>!» cat! look upon such conduct with
i complaisance? Aye and to .what level have
jwe fallen i" the American Senate can contem
i plate this natl.-nal shame with indifference?
I The confession mad* by the President and
j Mr. Root is monstrous. There is no need to
I decry or condemn It; It speaks for Itself.
j Taking up the charge made during
the campaign that Cortelyou had used
; his secret official information as a Cab
; met officer to secure contributions,
j Stone said he could neither affirm nor
! deny •'this terrible indictment," be
j cause he did not know. He added:
I only know that the damning admission
j stand.- that the trusts did supply Mr. Cortelyou
I with rampaifn funds. Mr. CortMjou has never
I made answer to this charge. Why Mr. Cortel-
I you stands dumb under this dishonoring ar
! ralgnment I will not conjecture. That man
'is said to be wise who knows how and when
Ito hold his tongue. Perhaps the good name of
I the country would have be-n better served If
j the President anil Mr. Root also had sought
shelter under the same kindly wing of si
! ence.
Mr. President, it is hard to beli«ve that Mr.
I Cortelyou, or any man of character, would
I prostitute official opportunity to partisan ends
jso ba>«. I am loth to believe it; and yet a
i charge so «peeiflc as this anj which sj ile»nlv
' concerns the public honor and welfare cannct
■be silenced by contemptuously pooh-poohing
! and ignoring it.
I Why dtii the President selet th's inex
| perlenced new convert to Tje head of his party
I organization. This accusing fact will not
) down, that the trusts did fill Mr. Cortelyou's
j campaign coffers to overflowing. Happily, we
J have the eomTorUnx assurance, vouchsafed by
j both Mr. Root and the President, that th»
! trusts had no Improper motive in making these
! contributions an.i that no Improper means were
j us«-d to Induce tl-.em.
The country is asked to believe, but no
i doubt it innocently will and does, thst the
I trusts brought their gold to Cortelyou out of
i purely unselfish snd patriotic considerations
! snd that they expect nothing In return. These.
I indeed, wer- virtuous trusts and theirs is an
! idealistic self-SK-rlflclng- patriotism. They
! scorned all base expectations of favors to come
'■ and scouted the very thought that their gold
! would be vsfd to corrupt!
Stone also expressed the opinion that
the President's charges against the
Democratic campaign management
1 should be Inquired Into. He based his
: demand for an inquiry into the cam
-1 paign of 1896 on the allegations df
j Thomas W. Lawson. made in a recent
magazine article Concluding, he said:
Theodore Roosevelt Is instinctively an honest
man. Rut he Is also ambitious, and I have
thought that ambition had so blurred his nat
' ural honesty .as to blind him momentarily and
j to make him do things or suffer things to be
i done that would otherwise hive been repulsive.
I I prefer to believe the beit of him. and. all
! things considered, the best I can believe Is that
! the President. beinß- an honest man, smarting
! under the sting of remorse and being himself
i no longer interested in campaign contributions,
hns resolved unselfishly to exert his strength to
promote the public welfare in this behalf.
SLOCUM INSPECTORS
ARE PLACED ON TRIAL
John W. Fleming and Henry Lund
berg Charged With Fraud
and Misconduct.
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.—Charged
with fraud, misconduct and violation
of law in connection with the inspec
tion of the excursion steamer Gen
eral Slocum, which was burned on
the East River last June with a loss
of more than a thousand lives, John
W. Fleming and Henry Lundberg, for
merly attached to the local office of
thf United States Inspector of Steam
Boilers, were placed on trial to-d»«r
before Judge Thomas in the criming
branch of the United States Circuit
Court.
The indictment against Fleming and
Lundberg is based on the section of
the United States statutes which makes
neglect in the Inspection of steam ves
sels as the result of which life is de
stroyed manslaughter.
Do You Want a Trunk
At a moderate price? One that looks
good end Is good? Made of genuine bass
wood, brass trimmed, with leather straps
and two trays. It is a leader in out
trunk department and the price is $S.of).
We have a special suit case also, at $5.50.
that is equally as good and cheap. San
born, Vail Co.. 741 Market street. *
EJECTED BY HUSBAND
AND DIES SOON AFTER
Chicago Woman. Whose Spouse Said
He Didn't Want Her, Found
in Street.
CHICAGO, Jan. 18.—The death of
Mrs. John Johnson is being
gated by the police. The woman'?'
husband has been arrested pending the
outcome of the Inquiry. Two pedes
trians found the woman lying In the
street before her house in the stock-
and carried her Into her
home. Johnson, the husband, Is al
leged to have said:
"Throw her out. I don't want her."
Not long after passersby found her
in the street again. A police ambul
ance took her to the hospital, but she
died while on the examining table.
The physicians expressed the opinion
that death resulted from wounds and
exposure. Johnson Is a machinist
Army Orders.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.—Under
orders of the War Department Lieu
tenant Colonel George R. Smith, dep
uty postmaster general, having re
ported his arrival at San Francisco,
In compliance with orders, will pro
ceed at once to Denver, Colo., and re
port to the commanding general of
the Department of Colorado for duty
as chief paymaster of that depart
ment. Private John E. Ellis, Twenty
fifth Company, Coast Artillery, Port
Mlley, Is transferred to the signal
. corps. He will be sent to Benicla
Barracks for duty. Post Quartermas
ter Sergeant Harry Cohen, now at
Plattsburg Barracks, N. T., will be
sent to the depot of recruits and cas
uals at Fort McDowell, Cal., for duty.
FRESNO PEOPLE
TO FIGHT BILL
Not Satisfied With Terms
of the Yosemite Measure
Now Ready for Congress
RAILWAY IS INVOLVED
Projectors of Electric Line
Into the Park Will Try
to Effect Some Changes
Special Dispatch tc The Call.
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING, j
WASHINGTON. Jan. 18—Fresno is not j
satisfied with the declaration that the ;
pending bill for the transfer of cer
tain areas of the Yosemite Park to the
Sierra forest reserve is the only meas
ure of the kind that can be passed, be
cause it is the only one that the Presi
dent will sign. Its citizens are Diliner
protest upon protest, and it is said that |
some of them are on the road here to
talk to the California delegation. W. S. :
Pladwell of San Francisco arrived yes- i
terday in their interest and will meet
with the delegation at Senator Perkins'
office to-morrow morning
Senator Perkins, whose bill it is. says
that Inasmuch as the recommendations
of the specially appointed commission
are followed in the description of the
area to be set over from the park to the
forest reserve, no better terms can be
secured. The Fresno people, however —
or rather those interested in the Fresno
electric railway line into the park—
want a considerable portion of the
western margin set over more than is
provided in the bill, and are coins: to \
fight for it. Those who champion this
bill says that to tamper with it. how
ever, is to risk its passage altogether, j
MAN WHO SHOT
OUTLAW TRACY
DIES IN ASYLUM
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 18. —Charles M.
Gardner, who as a Deputy Sheriff in
Er.stern Washington shot and wound
ed Outlaw Harry Tracy, which led the
laltter to kill himself, died in Agnews
It.sane Asylum this morning of
paresis. Gardner's father is a Sheriff
in Washington and resides at Daven
port and Gardner and his son led the
posse against the outlaw and engaged
the latter in his last fight.
Charles Gardner was a native of San
Jese and 40 years of age. For many
year* he lived in Gilroy and in 1889
he was elected City Marshal of tha*.
place. He also served as a deputy un
der ex-Sheriff Lyndon from 1894 to
IN9B and made a reputation as a fear
less officer. When Lyndon's term ex
pired Gardner went to Washington.
A little more than a year ago he re
turned here and his condition became
such that he was sent to an asylum.
While serving as Sheriff in Wash
ington Gardner was shot in the head
by a robber he was arresting and this
wound is believed to have produced
paresis.
LOS ANGELES EDITORS
ARE FINED FOR CONTEMPT
County Grand Jurors Complain That
Articles Were Published With
Intent to Intimidate Them.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 18. —General
Harrison Gray Otis and his son-in
law. Harry Chandler, owners and pub
lishers of a Los Angeles morning news
paper, were fined $500 each by Judge
Wilber in the Superior Court to-day
for publishing articles alleged to re
flect on the action and motives of the
recent County Grand Jury.
The case is a very unusual one. The
defendants claimed that their publica
tion was a privileged one. that it was
the province of the public press to
comment freely upon the acts of the
Grand Jury and that any effort to un
duly restrict criticism would be an
abridgment of the rights of the press.
The court, however, found them guilty
and imposed the fines. The case will
be appealed.
The alleged offense was; brought to
the attention of the court by the mem
bers of the Grand Jury, who filed af
fidavits setting forth that the publica
tion of the articles complained of was
Intended to intimidate them.
STEAMSHIP MELVILLE DOLLAR
ENCOUNTERS BAD WEATHER
Storms Cause the Vessel to Reach
Seattle Five Days Behind
Her Schedule Time.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 18. — The
steamship Melville Dollar, sailing un
der the flag of the Alaska Navigation
Company, reached Seattle to-day, five
days overdue from San Francisco.
The Dollar was delayed on account of
bad weather, but suffered no damage.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mmmm* H P la >' 8 .AW^mW
mm EStS B* P°P u ' ar : mummr
k Kives funny talks; Q^P^F
J PJPJ»PJP"MiiliWlfllMlT'iiAilffrlWWl l whistles in imiti- M
m tto n of the birds.
PA bY a child can ope- Jjpj
_H vpj PV requires h[
_PH only an occasional BM
V winding. H
clock, and adjust- PV
raent of «■
ord" desired. Sim- V
V pic. ornamental, B
M PmPmPPW. W\
M TOIT HEXD PAY HO MONEY 70S THTERTY DATS.
Select any machine—any style, any srze—take it m k^
home and try it for thirty days. If not entirely sat-
isfactory, return it. If satisfactory, keep it and pay
aW $1.25 a week. Simply pay for required "records',
W. now. 60c each and upwards. $5.00 the dozen.
AT Tf you live out of the city, write for .illnstraled
AW catalogue and full information. .A postal card need n
Am oe your only expense, mk
M KOHLER <& CHASE, I
WM (The Largest Music House op the Coast.) AW
COR POST AND KEARNY STREETS. M
COL BECKWITH SAYS;
"I Take Pleasure in Commending Pe-ru-na for
C °^ hS 3,1(1 C ° lliS,n
COL. PAUL E. BECKWITH.
!| _ Colonel Paul E/Beckwith. Lt. Col., retired. Ist Reg. Minute Men. ln a '!
|i Tetter from 1503 Vermont Avenue, N. W., Washington, t>. C., writes:
" 'Fr~m the urqualified endorsement of many of my friends, /*
take p'easun in contending your remedies for coughs and colds."
; —Paul E. Beckxrth.
IN FIFI Cft (19 RARRAPK** Peruna has always been a great favor-
IIK riLLU UK DAKK*H*l\a Ue wltn the milttary men th ln the
FE-RIJ-INIA IS EFFICACIOUS army and navy
The strongest kind of testimonials are
The constant exposure to the elements J^ l^tl^ r ?!lLl rLV.'ST /^i, o^"
experienced in an outdoor life is not so ??™'"f ot Peruna for «" ca '
apt to cause coughs and colds as seden- ""hal aliments.
tary habits Only a small per cent of these can be
Those who are brought face to face used for publication for want of space,
with the weather every day in active life Mr. Harrison L. Deam. Burnside Post
are much less liable to catarrhal diseases No. S. Department of the Potomac. Colo
than those who are housed up in illy nel Encampment No. 69. Union Veterans*
mmm L__ — _ ventilated rooms. Legion: Colonel Green Clay Smith Rrgi-
And yet both of ment No. 17. U. V. U., Department of the
ALL CLASSES these classes are Potomac; Military Order Loyal Legion,
>nE run •<:«TT > n more or less sub- Department of Columbia; Major 34th In-
ARE SUBJECT TO ject to catarrh and diana Veteran Volunteer Infantry,
TATAR ?H catarrhal diseases, writes:
Ltt • The soldier as#vell < t»«»» », -~«.<;„„
' j,„ tne civilian Tnere is no logger any question as to
finds it frequently necessary to use Pc- the curative qualiti.s of Feruna in all
runa on aceourit of coughs and colds. catarrhal trou hs. Its successful use by
No one is exempt The »t™nf and of f r ,onds entitles it to confi
healthv are less liable than the weak ana ' ,
ill but none entirely escape. dence and e-.dorsement-
PLURAL WIVES
IN NAME ONLY
Head of Utah University Says
Polygamous Marriages Are
No Longer Recognized
WASHINGTON. Jan. 18.—Professor
James E. Talmage of the Utah State
University, author of some of the doc
trines accepted as authoritative teach
ings in the Mormon church, was on the
stand all to-day in the Smoot investi
gation before the Senate Committee on
Privileges and Elections. He gave an
interesting account of the church or
ganization and church courts and
proved to be well informed on nearly
every subject of church policy. He will
continue his testimony to-morrow.
As to polygamy. Professor Talmage
said plain English would have to be in
terpreted far differently than the con
struction he placed on the marriage
revelation to infer that there is any
thing mandatory about it. He said
there is not-one paragraph in the reve
lation tliat coptains an inference that
polygamy should be mandatory except
upon one man—the Prophet Joseph—
and in all other cases polygamy was
permissive. At the death of the
Prophet Joseph the command contained
in the revelation descended to his suc
cessor, according to the construction
placed on Mormon doctrines by the
witness.
Celestial marriage, explained the wit
ness, means a marriage for time and
eternity, or for eternity only. The wit
ness stated that any woman who be
came', a plural wife of a man since Oc
tober 6, 1890, is no more a wife under
the rules of the church than she is in
ths eyes of the law.
Professor Talmage said he had par
ticipated in or witnessed the endow
ment ceremonies between one and two
score times. He denied that the alleged
"oath of vengeance" reported by cer
tain witnesses for the protestants is a
part of the ceremony and said further
that no "oaths" are taken in the cere
mony.
The witness, on cross-examination,
said he believed that any woman who
became a plural wife since the mani
festo was technically unchaste. He
said he knew of no such marriages and
tha|t no proof had been offered that
Abram Cannon had married Lillian
Hamlin in 1896. If such a marriage had
taken place the witness thought Can
non had put the wrong interpretation
on the manifesto.'
Receiver for Texas Bank.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.—The Comp
troller of the Currency to-day was ad
vised by telegram that the officers of
the American National Bank of Abi
lene, Tex., have closed the bank. R.
L. Van Zandt has been appointed re
ceiver.
New California Postmasters.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18, —Postmas-
ters were appointed to-d»fy as follows
in California: August W. Petzer, at
Fall River Mills; John P. Day, at
Sherman; Cora B. Wales, at Colfax.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Clearance
Sale
GUMP'S
ART STORE
Discount, on Everything
113 Geary St.
Closes January 31.
m^mmmmmamm^m^^mmmammmmmmmmammm
You Should Reform
Any haphazard methods you may pos
sess, and particularly one of sending
your linen to every establishment dis
playing a "laundry" sign.
Good laundering requires careful, con
scientious methods—the methods that
prevail here and succeed in retaining pa
tronage of particular people year after
Certainly you want the best when
there's no extra cost. Phone South 420
brings It. _____
UNITED §TATES LAUNDRY
1004 -CARXET STREEt.
Telephone South 4Mb
34
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
LOYAL TO DEAD
CHILD'S MEMORY
Mother of Laura J. Campbell
Fights Every Inch of an
Entire Day's Examination
TELLS OF THE KILLINGr
♦
Denies Theory of Defense
That Husband Shot Wife
Owing to Her Misdeeds
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 18.
Without being broken down under an
entire day of cross-examination, Mrs.
tbUOmtb Cutler, tha mother of Mrs.
Laura J. W. Campbell, defended the
name of her dead daughter ln Judge
Ells-worth's court to-day.
The trial of Lemuel D. Campbell, who
shot his wife to deatn some months
ago, was on, and the aged mother was
the principal witness. During the en
tire day she defended her daughter
against the Intent of the defense to try
to hide behind alleged misdoing.
An effort was made to show, upon
cross-examination, that Campbell had
discussed the past of his wife the even
ing the shooting occurred and that
Campbell had been invited to the house
to discuss a reconciliation.
Mrs. Cutler denied that her child's
character had been brought up In.the
conversation. She said that Campbell
wanted Laura to go back to him and
she answered "You are still mine for
three days," meaning that an Interloc
utory decree granted her had not yet
become final. Probed from every side
as to all that occurred or was said that
night Mrs. Cutler told her story and
stuck to it. She did not fall to deny the
Insinuations made against her daugh
ter's character.
The plan of the defense has been
clearly outlined ln the cross-examina-
tion of the mother, the most important
witness for the people. From questions
asked the mother it is evident that
Campbell will attempt to show that his
wife had been leading an Improper life.
Her past will be brought into the case,
and the shooting is to be made the se
quel of the quarrel.
SUPPOSED BURGLAR SEIZED
AND HURRIED TO PRISON
Inoffensive Bootblack Roughly Han
dled by Lodgers, Who Thought
They Had Captured a Thief.
OAKLAND. Jan. 18.—Cours Cer
vera, a harmless Greek bootblack, was
mistaken for a burglar this morning
before daylight in a lodging-house at
Seventeenth street and San Pablo ave
nue, set upon by half a dozen awaken
ed lodgers, felled by numerous fist
blows, roped hands and feet and held
until the police were called in hot
haste. The badly frightened prisoner
was hauled to the City Jail, where
Captain of Police Petersen confronted
the man.
Cervera excitedly and brokenly ex
plained that he had gone to the house
to rent a room. He had wandered
through the halls ln search of the
landlord, when he was suddenly seized.
The prisoner made matters worse by
flying into a spasm of terror, which
was mistaken for resistance. He could
not explain himself in English and
helplessly submitted to capture.
Captain Petersen discharged the un
fortunate bootblack after his identity
and good character had been estab
lished.
PROFESSOR STEPHENS
TALKS ON ENGLAND
Eminent Historian Lectures on British
Politics During the Period of the
French Revolution.
OAKLAND, Jan. 18.—Professor
Henry Morse Stephens of ths Univer
sity of California renewed his course
of lectures to-day on the French Rev
olution before the Oakland center of
university extension at the Common
School Assembly Hall. The lecturer
interpolated a discussion of the state
of English politics during the Revo
lution, Instead of taking up the
allotted subject ln the regular order,
that of "Vergnlaud, the Orator of the
Girondins."
In his talk to-day Professor
Stephens dealt at some length with
the political parties, the Pitt ministry
and public opinion toward the Revo
lution, showing how the Pitt forces
changed from an attitude of peace to
one of war when Napoleon swallowed
the Revolution.
The regular course will be resumed
on February 1 with "Vergnlaud."
To Probate Rowland Estate.
OAKLAND, Jan. 18.—A petition of
Mary F. White, a daughter of George
H. Rowland, who recently killed his
wife and then committed suicide, to
be appointed administratrix of his es
tate was-filed with the courts to-day.
She states that his estate consists of a
$1000 life insurance policy and $276
cash ln bank. She says that there are
eight children.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Which would you rath
er have, if you could have
your choice, transparent
skin or perfect features ?
All the world would
choose one way; and you
can have it measurably.
If you use Pears' Soap
and live wholesomely
otherwise, you will have
the best complexion Na
ture has for you.
Sold sll over the world.
MESSAGES FROM SPIRIT LAND
Public Administrator Finds Strange Mis
sives ln William Whlttmore's Effects.
LOCOMOTIVE ENGINEER WHO DIED IN OAKLAND TUESDAY AT AGE OF 80,
LEAVING MANY LETTERS AND PICTURES WHICH HE BELIEVED HAD
BEEN SENT HIM BY SPIRITS OF HIS DEPARTED FRIENDS.
OAKLAND, Jan. 18,—That acred Wil
liam Whittmore firmly believed that
he was surrounded by the spirits of de
parted friends and relatives was proven
by the discovery among his effects,
which are now ln the hands of the Pub
lic Administrator, of a number of pho
tographs of himself, around him beine;
shown the shadowy visitors from an
other world. These pictures were
among his most treasured possessions,
and with them were found many spirit
messages from his wife, who died
eral years ago.
Whittmore, who was an old-time lo
comotive engineer, was found dead in
bed at his home, 317 East Twelfth
street. He left an estate valued at
HAVE BROTHER
SENT TO JAIL
Children's Fight Over an
Estate Ends in Arrest of
One for Embezzlement
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 18.
Owing to a quarrel among the chil
dren of the late Jose Levelra of San
Leandro over the estate left by him,
George Levelra, the favored son, Is now
ln Jail at Martinez charged with the
embezzlement of 123,000 of his father's
estate. Owing to his incarceration, he
did not appear in Judge Ogden's court
to-day in answer to a summons to ap
pear for examination as to his knowl
edge of the wealth supposed to have
been left by the father.
Some years ago the late Jose Leveira
and his wife quarreled. She sued him
for divorce and was granted her de
cree. He offered her $11,500 as a com
promise, and when she refused he col
lected a $10,000 mortgage and with
about $5000 additional money left the
country. He went to Honolulu, where
he remained twenty months, and then
came back and died recently at Marys
ville. There are eleven children. Seven
sided with their mother, four with the
father. Martin, on the mother's side,
as soon as he learned of his father's
death, got out special letters of admin
istration on the estate, but so far has
not been abls to unearth any of the
money.
The charge is now made that George,
who lives near Antioch. was in con
stant communication with the father,
and that he has the money. According
to a statement made by Attorney Cary
Howard, representing George, he,
George, was summoned Into Martinez
on Monday from Brentwood, and when
he got there a demand for $23,000 was
made upon him by his brothers. Fall
ing to produce it, he was thrown into
jail.
The hearing here has been continued
until the charge at Martinez has been
disposed of.
UNIONS INSTALL OFFIOBRS.—OakIand,
Jan. IS.—Trie Brotherhood of Teamster* In
stalled the following- officers last night: Presi
dent. Thomas Gallagher; vice president. G. H.
Lowney; recording secretary, Robert Smith;
secretary-treasurer. Prank Hlguera; business
agent, Ferdinand Httuera; trustees—William
B. Castro (ape year), Charles Oman (two
years), George H. Brown (three years). Local
No. 525 of the Bartenders' Union installed offi
cers last night. Those elected for the ensuing
term were: President, D. Ferguson; vice presi
dent. F. M, Lord; recording secretary and
business agent. F. S. Joslyn; financial secre
tary. Howard Smith; treasurer, William
Wlcklng.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1905.
about $7000, and as no will was found
his property was turned over to the
Public Administrator. It was then that
the photographs, which tell a pathetic
story of childlike faith in the doctrines
of spiritualism, were discovered. They
were found when his effects were
searched by Public Administrator
George Gray and Attorney John de
Lancey.
Deceased was 80 years of ajre. and
when he died left a request that his
remains be cremated. The funeral was
held yesterday, the service beine con
ducted by the Rev. Dwlght E. Potter.
The pallbearers were A. L. Hunt, Har
ry Stephenson, George Lean, Georere
Armstrong, Paul Laughborough and C.
A. Clark. The remains were incin
erated at the Oakland Crematory.
SOIL QUESTION
PUZZLES THEM
University Agriculturists
Asked to Help Save the
California Celery Lands
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Jan. 18.
Fearful that the soli composing the
peat beds of Southern California,
where grows the big celery crop of the
State, is deteriorating, men of the
south have sent samples of earth to
the agricultural department of the
State University for analysis in the
hope that remedies may be suggested
for the salvation of the great industry.
Professor Loughridge to-day re
ceived the soil samples, sent by C. W.
Cole of Santa Ana, Orange County.
Professor Loughridge believes that the
trouble with the soil in the peat bed
district Is due to the presence of too
much lime. This lime, he explains,
is likely to prove Injurious to the
celery crop if it has become a pre
ponderating element in the soil.
When Professor Loughridge has
concluded his tests the celery-growers
of the State will be provided with data
that may either reveal a method of
treating the soil to preserve its fer
tility or declare to them the hopeless
ness of seeking to change the condi
tions there.
Traction Club to Entertain.
OAKLAND, Jan. 18.—The first enter
tainment of the new Oakland Traction
Club will be given next Friday even
ing at the club gymnasium in the O.
T. builTiing at San Pablo avenue and
Jones street. The entertainment "Will be
given under the direction of Paul Car
roll of the Reliance Athletic Club and
the programme includes: Wrestling
match between Paul Carroll and G.
Anloff; boxing bout, E. J. Smith and
Edward Warren; boxing, David Holly
and C. Cooper; fencing, Emil Frltsch
and Dr. Hackett—all of whom are
members of the Reliance Club.
MARRIAGE LICENSES—OakIand. Jan. 18.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
by the County Clerk to-day: Frederick Ha
vecksr. 27. and Beeale Snowden. 19. both of
San Francisco; Mary M. Bonlfacla. '26, San
Leandro, and Manuel Mederos, 38, Oakland;
John A. Padgttt. 25. San Francisco, and Carrie
B. Wells, IS. San Leandro; Joseph M. Augus
ta, over 21. San Leandro, and Margaret C.
Sllva. over 18, Haywards; Clarence A. Atkin
son. 33, Healdsburg, and Agnes Moore, 31,
Vancouver, B. C
BLUNDERS STIR
TEACHER'S IRE
University Professor Tells
Students Their Errors
Are Really Extraordinary
PAGE BLOWS A BLAST
Prominent Instructor Cites
Answers He Received to
Examination Questions
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, Jan- 18.
Declaring: that the standard of schol
arship In his classes last term was so
low as to provoke astonishment, Pro
fesor Thomas Walker Page to-day
scored his class ln medieval history,
consuming ten minutes in a verbal ex
coriation of the luckless seekers after
knowledge.
Professor Page gave It as his opinion
that if the University of California's
rating as an institution depended in
the slightest degree upon the showing
pupils in his department made last
term, as revealed in the examination
papers he had read, the university
would be ln a most unenviable plight,
and likely to deserve the rank of a
very Inferior institution, instead of a
first-rate university. The examination
papers, he said, showed a most amaz
ing lack of knowledge on the part of
students, and , ln some instances were
so weird as to excite mirth and ridi
cule.
Professor Page is an important figure
in the university's history department.
His specialty Is medieval history. His
examination questions naturally re
lated to medieval subjects. It was in
this field that his students floundered
and became mired, many of them trying
to give suitable answers to such ques
tions as: "What were the relations be
tween church and state in France in
the reign of Charlemagne?" or "What
features distinguished the reign in Rus
sia of Nicholas I?"
The indignant professor read off a
number of these questions to-day, with
answers that had been supplied by stu
dents on the examination papers sub-
mitted by them, and begged the class
to consider what extensive lack of
knowledge must have prompted the in
congruous answers given to many of
the questions.
"Under the circumstances," said ths
professor, "it became my painful duty
to disqualify many of the students in
my class last term for these amazing
blunders."
Thus did Professor Page account, in
part at least, for the 204 "cinches" suf
fered by university students last term.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
BNEAK THIEF S TEA MONET.—Oak
land, Jan. 18.—A sneak thief stole $10 from
Mrs. A. I>. Anderson's residence, 808 Grove
street, to-day.
FIRE AT CLIFT KBSIOENCE.—OakIand,
Jan. 18.—Fire In a defective flue smoked out
the occupants of former Judge Frederick C.
Cliffs residence, 656 Walsworth avenue, this
afternoon. The damage was slight.
H. H. HOLLY ELECTED MANAGER. —
Oakland, Jan. 18.—The house committee of the
Reliance Athletic Club to-day elected H. H.
Holly, a prominent rr.ember of the club, super
intendent and manager of the organization.
MRS. PHOEBE GARRETT DEAD.—Oak
land, Jan. 18. —Mrs. Phoebe Garrett, aged 74
years, died this morning at her home, 1068
Sixth avenue. She leaves eight children. Ar
rangements for the funeral have not yet been
completed.
CIVIL WAR VETERAN DEAD.—Oakland,
Jan. 18.—Frederick W. Allen, a veteran of
the Civil War. residing at 2128 Prince street,
Lorih, died to-day at his home, aged 65 years.
The deceased came to this city four months
ago from Los Angeles. He leaves one son.
GIVEN FINAL DECREE. —Oakland Jan.
18. —A final decree of divorce was granted Mrs.
M. F. Aylward of Livermore to-day from
John J. Aylward. a machinist, at present out
of the State. She was granted $50 a month
alimony with her interlocutory decree, which
she has not been able to collect.
MONKS HOLD MEMORIAL SERVICE.—
Oakland, Jan. 18. —Requiem high mass for the
repose of the eoul of the late Rev. Michael
King, the pastor of the Church of the Im
maculate Conception, was celebrated this
morning at the Franciscan monastery at Fruit -
vale. The Rev. Father Pius Nieumann was
the celebrant.
COMPANY REMOVING TRACKS.—Oakland,
Jan. 18. —The Oakland Traction Company is
removing Its old tracks on East Twelfth street,
east of Eighth avenue, the line along East
Twelfth street having been abandoned since
the change ln running the Alameda cars over
the Haywards route, through East Oakland.
HORSE'S KICK FRACTURES SKULL —
Oakland, Jan. 18.—Milton Lange, 14 years old,
residing at 436 Fifth street, was kicked on
the head by a horse to-night at his home,
sustaining a fracture of the skull. The boy
was taken to Providence Hospital, where Dr.
George Reinle operated. He will recover.
PIGEON SHOW IS OPENED.—Oakland.
Jan. 18. —The first exclusive pigeon show ever
held on the Pacific Coast opened to-day at
Foresters' Hall under the auspices of the
American Runt Pigeon Club. The show will
continue until Saturday evening.
ALAMEDA TEACHERS RESlGN.—Ala
meda, Jan. 18.—Mlsg Florence Young and Miss
J»nella Bishop have resigned as teachers in
the school department. Miss Alice Houston
and Miss Mabel Miller have been elected to
the vacancies. Applications for positions as
teachers have been filed with the Board of
Education by Miss Renna Lee Menke of this
city and by Miss Louise Perkins of Felton.
TAINTED CRAB SALAD
NEARLY CAUSES DEATH
Clirales L. Fischel Jr. of Berkeley
Suffers Attack of Ptomaine
Poisoning.
BERKELEY, Jan. 18.—Crab salad,
eaten in an Oakland restaurant to
night, brought Charles L. Fischel Jr.,
residing at 2039 University avenue, to
the edge of the grave. The young man
became unconscious from the active
effect of ptomaines before he had
reached his home.
Dr. H. N. Rowell was called and
after working over the sufferer for
some time gave up hope of saving the
patient. With a last struggle, how
ever, Fischel clung to life and there is
a possibility of his recovery. The vio
lence of the attack indicated to the
physician that the food the young man
ate was badly tainted.
Women have been doing some of the
scene painting at the Imperial Theater,
London, lately.
+ —h
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
v A BEA UTIFUL
PARIS PANEL
PHOTOGRAPH
of Yourself, Taken by the
ELITE PHOTOGRAPH
GALLERY,
888 Market Street.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Pace for Farther
Particulars.
BOND ELECTION
AT BERKELEY
School Board Issues Call
for Vote on Proposal to
Improve the Municipality
PLAN NEW BUILDINGS
Directors Would Spend Big
Sum of Money to Insure
More Rooms for Scholars
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, Jan. 18.
Citizens' of Berkeley are to vote on
February 26 on the proposal to bond
the town for $160,000, the money to be
spent in adding to the school facilities
of the city. The Board of Education
last night adopted ths call for the elec
tion, prepared by Town Attorney
Brewton Hayns, and set the election
day. The election will be held in the
"school district of Berkeley," which in
cludes land north of the town not in
cluded in the municipal limits.
The improvements contemplated in
connection with the issue of bonds ln-
I elude the following buildings:
| Sixteen-room structure at Grove
street and Bancroft way and the re
moval of the building now there to
Calais and Ward streets.
Twelve-room building on Russ street,
east of College avenue, and the pur
chase of additional lots there.
Addition of six rooms to the Le Conte
School at Ellsworth and Russell streets.
Addition of four rooms to the Co
lumbus School at Eighth and Allston
way.
School building site at or near the
corner of Sacramento and Hopkins
streets.
Additional land adjoining the Whit
tier School lot and improvements on
same, including a building of four
rooms.
Addition of four rooms to the Lin
coln School on King street.
School building lot on University
avenue, between Sacramento and Ac
ton streets.
Addition to the Ban Pablo-avenue
School.
Furnishings and equipments for for
ty-six rooms now occupied.
The polling-places are to be at the
Seventh-street School, Le Conte School
and Allston way.
NEWSPAPERS
PROTECT CLUB
WOMEN'S HATS
BY ZOE GREEN RADCLJ.FFE.
OAKLAND. Jan. 18. —When the heavens un
expectedly opened their gates this afternoon
and deluged the city Just as a brilliant Oakland
Club function was drawing to a close, the in
genuity of lovely woman was put to it to pre
serve her glad raiment from an unhallowed
baptism. Cabs and other public vehicles of
that description are always sadly lacking when
they are needed most, and 150 or more women
faced the serious problem of dry transportation
through a pouring rain. When the few car
riages procurable had carried the lucky ones
away there were still dozens of anxious, dain
tily clad women facing a sure drenching. Then
some Inventive fair one got a newspaper, and,
pinning it artistically over her headpiece of
chiffon and plumes, bravely started out. In a
short time other similar hat coverings had
been fashioned and the "newspaper brigade,"
aa one witty club woman dubbed them, marched
courageously through the storm.
The luncheon which was the nucleus of this
gay gathering 10-day was one »f the largest
the Oakland Club haa yet entertained. Mrs.
T. P. Hogan was chief hostess andthad planned
a Spanish-American day that proved to be
very pleasant in every way. The red and yel
low of Spain was intermingled artistically with
the stars and stripes, and the color* of the two
countries were also shown ln the floral decora
tions.
During the afternoon Rev. Dr. F. X. Morn
son gave an informal talk and there was an
interesting programme of music, participated
in by Miss Marion Howard Filtcn, Miss An
toinlta Vallejo and the Misses Gallagher. Lit
tle Flosie Duncan, in a fetching Spanish cos
tume, danced the cachucha.
Mrs. Hogan was assisted by Mrs. Leon M.
Hall, Mrs. J. S. Hammer. Miss Mary Harding,
Mrs. F. C. Havens, Miss O. G. Harvey, Miss
Jennie Hogan, Mrs. A. P. Holland, Miss Sarah
Horton, Miss Ellen Horton, Mrs. B. S. Hub
bard, Mrs. George W. Humphrey, Mrs. David
B. Huntley, Mrs. D. W. James, Mrs. C. E.
Jones, Mrs. C. C. Judson, Mrs. M. S. Keene,
Mrs. M. J. Keller, Mrs. Charles Bratnober,
Mrs. G. D. Hallahan, Mra C. E. Henderson,
Miss Gilbertßon and Mrs. G. W. Kelley.
A few of those present at the luncheon were:
Mrs. H. B. Mehrmann, Mrs. Fred Morse, Miss
Eoa Oirdts. Htm Clara Dabncy. Mrs. \V. W.
Standeford, Mrs. Asa V. Mendenhall, Mrs. W.
W. h>. iifcn, Mrs. Georee rtuinpmey, Mrs.
Sara Reamer. Mrs. Collum, Mrs. W. H. J.
Matthews, Mrs. Pettis, Mrs. c. S. Chamber
lain, Mrs. I. A. Beretta, Miss Lou Denison,
Mrs. W. A. Schrock, Mrs. Edwin Shankiin,
Miss Babson and Miss Etta Eiben.
• • •
Two bright young Oakland people wore the
central figures at a prety -wedding last week
at the First Methodist < hureh, mu«l nev. ur.
Dllle pronounced the nuiitial bl.-ssing over
Miss Carrie M. Edwards and R. Roy Parish.
The elaborately decorated church was filled
with the many friends of the two interested
families. Archie Dick and William Kurtz of
ficiated as ushers and Miss Effie McDonald
was the bride's only attendant. Dr. Dodge
was the groom's best man.
The bride is said to be a cultured and
charming girl and an excellent musician. Mr.
Farish is a son of J. R. Farish. editor and
proprietor of the Ban Francisco Trade Journal,
and la associated with his father as business
manager of the paper.
After a honeymoon tour of the principal
cities of Southern California, Mr. and Mra.
Farish will reside at MO Eighteenth street,
ln this city, where the groom has made ready
a cozy and artistic home.
• • •
Occasionally some clever hostess hits upon
a unique way of entertaining, and one of the
latest to devise something new under the
sun is Mrs. B. F. Weaton of Berkeley. The
Westons have taken the Pennoyer home for a
year, and already that handsome residence has
been' the scene of several Interesting affairs,
but none more so than that of last Monday.
Thirty-six ladies, nearly all of whom have
traveled extensively, had been Invited to par
take of Mrs. Weston's hospitality, each to bring
with her some peculiar or rare object o. in
terest, which she would be expected to discuss
for the benefit of the other guests. The result
was at once instructive and delightful. Bits
of art from Japan, India and Europe, curios
from Siam and Norway and quaint Amencun
heirlooms, all were brought out and given
a place in the day's unusual programme. After
traveling in spirit through the cobwebby past
and etrange countries of the present, Mrs.
Weston served a very modern and very dell
clous collation. Among those who enjoyed the
affair were Miss Bard, the daughter of Sena
tor Bard; Mrs. George Percy. Mrs. Gulick,
Mrs. Charles Miller, Mrs. John Hinkel, Mrs.
Clinton Day. Mrs. Bradley and Mls« Brad
ley, Mrs. Lange, Mrs. Turner, Mrs. Ransom,
Mra. J. K. McLean. Miss Norri*, airs, a, E.
Naah. Mrs. William Moller. Mrs. G. B. Met
calf, Mra. Charles Hall. Miss Bunker, Mrs.
and Miss Jewett, Mrs. Graham and Mrs. Burr.
• • •
Miss Bessie Forest, a pretty and clever Oak
land girl, has just consented to make public
her engagement, although it has been an open
secret for aome time that a Honolulu man
had won the young lady's affections. Her
fiance is Arthur Rice, a young Hawaiian plant
er and son of a large property owner of the
islands. Mias Foreat is a talented girl and has
accomplished much ln a musical way, being a
pianist of more than ordinary ability. She
is also a dashing equestrienne. Her mother
la Mrs. J. W. Stevens of 1681 Webster street,
where they have a beautiful home.
Mr. Rice is now ln California, and the wed
ding will probably be one of the spring's bril
liant events.
The man after a woman's own heart
may not want It.
GIVES UP HARD
FIGHT FOR LIFE
Baby That Throve for Three
Weeks in a Chicken Incu
bator Finally Succumbs
DEATH COMES SUDDENLY
Infant Appears to Be Doing
Well When Its Heart Is
Quickly StLUed Forever
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Jan. 18.
After thriving for more than three
weeks in a chicken incubator Mary
Wells, the tiny infant born at the
County Infirmary on Friday, December
23, died at 6:30 p. m. yesterday, aged 3
weeks and 5 days. The baby was trans
ferred from the chicken incubator to a
baby incubator of the regulation pat
tern on Sunday, January 15. and for
a time it seemed as if it would live, but
yesterday it began to fail. Death came
early in the evening.
To Dr. William A. Clark, superin
tendent of the County Infirmary, be
longs the credit of having been the
first to demonstrate that an ordinary
incubator may be used in an emer
gency to save the life of a feeble in
fant.
»The new baby incubator to which
Baby Wells was transferred has lust
been purchased by the county authori
ties for use at the County Infirmary. It
was received at the Institution last Sat
urday.
"HAMLET" TO
BE A SUBJECT
OF BURLESQUE
BERKELEY, Jan. 18.—"Haml*t" 1* to b*
burlesqued by the sophomore class of the uni
versity. The committee to select a suitable
play to be presented by the das* having
chosen a burlesque on Shakespeare's tragedy,
written by Gurden Edwards and Harold Clark.
The version of the tragedy produced at the
university by Ben Greets company will be
used as the subject of the burlesque, and much
fun will be made of student affairs. The plec*
Is to be presented at the Macdonough Theater
ln Oakland on the night of January 27. Harry
Roger* will be Hamlet. The cast will include
some of the most prominent of the university's
dramatic performers. Milton Schwarts la to
coach the actor*.
A conference was held yesterday between
representatives of the university and a com
mittee from the Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce regarding the establishing of an experi
ment pathological station in Southern California
under the auspices of the university for the
investigation of walnut blight and orange dis
eases. President Wheeler, Professors Hilgard,
Wlckson, Steubenrauch and R. E. Smith con
sulted with the men from the south. They ex
pressed approval of the project and will favor
the appropriation by th* Legislature of funds
for the purpose.
The senior class has arranged for Its first
banquet of the term at an Oakland hotel to
morrow night. The committee ln charge In
cludes Eugene R. Hallett, Mervyn J. Samuels
and R. O. Hoedel. After the banquet promi
nent men of the class will make short speeches.
The banquet-room is to be decorated ln the
class colons—green blue and gold.
Professor A. O. Leuschner of the department
of astronomy and geodesy Is en route to f the
university from Baltimore, where he attended
the meeting of the Association of American
Universities as a representative of California.
He is expected here next Monday.
The first meeting of the semester of the Stu
dents' Congres* will be held next Tuesday at
Stiles Hall. The debate will be on the subject
of the wisdom of the power* allowing Japan
to hold Port Arthur permanently.
President Wheeler left for Sacramento to
day to deliver an address there before the Uni
versity Extension Society.
W. C. Martin, the senior who was arrested
last Friday and' lodged in the County Jail of
Oakland, charged by a typewriting company
with having pawned a machine he had bor
rowed of the company, presented to the uni
versity authorities to-day a statement from
the company exonerating him from blame in
the matter. Martih Is a reader for Professor
Fryer, who. It was said, had advised him to
procure the publicaUon of the company's state
ment.
The Prytanean, a woman's honor society of
the university. Is preparing to produce "The
Mikado" for the benefit of a charity ln which
the society Is Interested. Rehearsals have
been called for to-morrow, Friday and Satur
day. Tryouts were held to-day for the prin
cipal parts. The selections will be announced
at the rehearsal to-morrow.
Heirs Try to Compromise.
OAKLAND, Jan. 18.—The heirs of
Robert and Moses Varney have pe
titioned Judge Ogden to be allowed
to incorporate their interests in the
estate of the late Thomas Varney of
Livermore in order that a settlement
may be made with the other heirs, so
that the estate may be distributed.
One of the sons of Moses is not yet of
age and another is incompetent. The
Judge took the matter under advise
ment, as he is not certain they can
give their consent.
SIX BOLTERS
GO TO KERENS
Missouri Legislators Fail
to Abide by Verdict
of Senatorial Caucus
JEFFERSON CITT, Mo., Jan. 18.—
The bolt of six Republicans on the first
and two more on the second ballot from
the ranks of Niedringhaus, the Repub
lican nominee for United States Sena
tor to succeed Francis M. Cockrell.
whose election had seemed assured, re
sulted in no choice to-day. With the
exception of one, who cast his ballot I
for Dr. Pettijohn of Lynn County, all
the bolters voted for Richard C. Ker
ens of St. Louis, who was the strongest
opponent of Niedringhaus in the cau
cus.
Immediately after the second ballot
the joint session adjourned unti\ to
morrow, when balloting will be re- I
sumed at noon. The second ballot re- j
suited as follows: Niedringhaus 85, 1
Cockrell 83, Kerens 7. Pettijohn L
On the first ballot Niedringhaus re
ceived 87 votes, two less than the num
ber required for election; Cockrell re
ceived 83 and Kerens 6.
Interesting developments are expect
ed to-morrow. Claims are made by
the anti-Niedringhaus forces that fif
teen votes will be taken from the Nied
ringhaus strength to-morrow. They
say that, having voted for him twice
on joint ballot, the pledged members
have done their duty and are now free
to go to another candidate and, if
necessary, to Join ln a call another
caucus on a Senatorial nominee.
LONDON, Jan. 18.—The Interesting an
nouncement Is made that H. B. Irving will
follow his father"* footsteps and play "Ham-
I let" for the next producUon ln Oscar Asch's
1 season at the Adelphl.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND,
1016 Broadway. \
Telephone Main I<*3
BERKELEY
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street,
CHARGED WITH
WOMAN'S DEATH
Two Arrests in Connection
With Murder Year Ago of
Indiana School Teacher
CONFESSION ALLEGED
Men Reported to Have KiUed
Miss Schaefer of Bedford*
Using Bock as a Weapon
BEDFORD, Ind., Jan. 18.—Frank
Evans and William Elmer Browning
were arrested to-day on warrants
sworn out by John D. Underwood, an
attorney, charging them with the mur
der of Miss Sarah S. Schaefer on the
night of January 21, 1904:
The arrest Is due to a story told by
Mrs. Cook, the divorced wife of Brown
ing. According to her story her hus
band, from whom she was at the time
separated, told her that he and Evans
had killed Miss Schaefer. In the' con
fession, she says he made to her, he
said that he and Evans had planned
to assault Miss Schaefer. The two
met at the alley and as the girl passed
Browning struck her on the head with
a slungshot, stunning her. Evans
caught her and carried her Into the
cab shed, where with a rock he struck
her a blow on the forehead which re
sulted in her death.
Evans changed his clothing, giving
the blood-stained garments to Brown
ing with instructions to bury them.
Browning gave them to his wife, who
hid them where, it is said, they were
found a few days ago. Among the
clothing is a coff with a button said to
match one which was found in the cab
shed a day or two after the murder.
Miss Schaefer was a teacher In the
local high school.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 18.
Dv Ray and Nella G. Smith (wife) to C
A. Tyrrel. subdivision 1, in lot 37, map No. 3,
Glen Echo Tract, etc.. Oakland; $10.
Louisa A. Montague (widow by H. B. Mon
tague, attorney) to Edwin F. and Ida E.
Rivers (wife), lot on W line of Filbert street,
139 :ti N of Tenth, N 76 by W 126. block 460,
Boardman's map, Oakland; $10.
Henrlette and Leon Bine (husband) to Marl*
Bine, land fronting 50 feet on Telegraph ave
nue, designated aa — 48, map Temescal Park.
Oakland; $10.
Leonard D. Brown to Mary C. Brown (wife),
undivided Va interest in lot on B Una of Clay
street, 30 S of Eleventh. S 30 by E »0, Oak
land; also lot on E line of West street, 61:10 Vi
N of Fourteenth, N 51:10% by E W>, lot 2.
block H, map block 297 of North Oakland
Homestead Association, Oakland; also lot on
N line of Fifth street. 100 E of Clay, E 50
by N 100, lots 26 and 27, block 63, Kellers
berger's map, Oakland; gift.
E. R Zion to Mrs. M. E. Brown, lot* 9,
10 and 11, block F, map new town of Lynn,
East Oakland, quitclaim deed; $250.
Sarah A. McKee (widow, by 6. B. McKea.
attorney) to Giovanni E. Channlng, lot on W
lln c of Grove street, 67 N of Todd, N 33, W
148.62, S 40.35, E 171.84 lots 8 and 6, block
a, map Santa Fe Tract No. 6, Berkeley, deed
and agreement; $10.
.Edith C. and Thomas H. Doane (husband)
to Charle* D. Bates Jr., lot on SE corner of
Todd and Occidental or Calais street*, 8 185
by E 50 lot 1, block J. Paradise Park, Berke
ley; $10.
Anna A. and Fred W. Cousin* to Elizabeth
H. Remmel (wife of Jullu* A.), lot on S Un*
of Han Antonio avenue, 150 W of Willow street,
W 50 by S 150, lot 13. in E half of block M.
lands adjacent to Enclnaf, Alameda; $10.
The Realty Syndicate to Herman F. and
Eugenia Sack. NE 30 feet of SW 46 feet of lot
2, map subdivision lot 1, Olen Echo Tract.
Oakland; $10.
D. R. and Mary A. McNeil (wife) to Pele*
C. Durgln, lot on 8 line of Falrvlew or Sixty
sixth street, 225 W of Wheeler. W 39.62 by 8
83, lot 28, Idora Park Tract, Oakland; $10.
John W. Hani* and Joseph P. Berry (as at
torney), Frank P. and Polly OMeara Doyle
(wife) to Abraham Jonaa, lot on 8 line of Cen
tral avenue (Twelfth), 149.6 E of Broadway,
E 26 by S 100. block 160, Kellersberger's man,
Oakland: $10.
William and Jan* Nethercott (wife) to
Charles N. and Maud Gibson (wife) lot on W
line of Wood street, 26 N of West Twelfth, N
26 by W 100, portion plat 401, Witcher"* map,
Oakland; $10. .
Fannie M. and Bydney J. Yard to Matilda
R. Homer (wife of Walter), lot on N line of
Ruby street, 85 E from Intersection with W
boundary line of lot 1. E 40 by N 100, lot •
and portion lot 4, map American Investment
Union Tract No. 1. Oakland; $10.
Walter and Matilda R. Homer to Fannie M.
Yard (wife of Sydney J.), lot on N Une at
Knox avenue or Twenty-seventh street, 17:5.13
F of Grove E 4«>.«S. N 101 W. W 40.1 U. S
97.68 portion lots 80 and 31, Knox Park, Oak
land; $10.
Charle* D. and Anna I. Mooney to Henry A.
Ohrenberg, lot on N line of Villa »tr*«t. 75 E of
Eighth, E 26 by N 96. portion lot* 11. 12 and
13, block 5, revised map San Pablo-avenu*
Villa Tract. Emeryville, Oakland Township;
$10.
Agnes Wilson (wife of James 8.) to Joseph
St. j*ioiry, lot .;. biock 113, Tract n, Bei.. ../
Land and Town Improvement Association,
Berkeley; $10
John A. and Yamaei Ysunza to Juanna
Ysur.za (widow), lot on E line of San Pablo
avenue. 831.08 N from 8 Une of plat 62. N
40 by E 130. portion of said plat 61, Kellers
berger's Map of Rancho* V. and D. Peralta,
Berkeley; also conveys all Interest acquired
under 852 D. 117, first parties being hereby
released from obligation to maintain and sup
port second party during her life. Berkeley; $6.
Lucy C. to Lydia F. Bird, sub
division 47 of brock 25. map of subdivision of
block 26 Daley's Scenic Park Tract, Berke
ley; *io6.
Mattle S. McCormick (widow) to Frank B.
Bosworth lot on N line of Buena Vista ave
nue, 92:6 W of Stanford avenue, W 46 by
N 147:6. lot 7, block 3, map of resubdlvtslom
of block* 1 2 and 3, lands adjacent to Encinal.
Alameda; $10.
ADVEKTIBKALEXTB.
SICK HEADACHE
i S —i Positively cured by
A k BTf Q © these Little Pills.
IIMIAI Ll\o They also relieve DJs
gmgm tress from Dyspepsia, In-
IPy ITTLE digestion and Too Hearty
H 11# pII Eating. A perfect renv
£•2 I V bis edy for Dizziness, Nausea,
T% PILLS* Drowsiness, Bad Taste
ffii fjPjg in the Mouth, Coated
Tongue, Pain la the Side.
\ mmUßm r mmm E 1 TORPID LIVER. They
regulate tbe Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL MIL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE.
CARTERS! cIJRE BICK HEADACHB '
ittle Genuine Must Boar
MI VER Fao-Simile SignatureMUST ABOLISH
PRIVATE ROOMS
Commissioners Hutton and
Reagan Are Firm Against
the French Restaurants
POHEIM IS PRESIDENT
New Member of Police Board
Placed at Its Head With
the Aid of His Own Vote
Police Commissioners Hutton and I
Reagan anounced last night that they ;
were still opposed to private rooms in !
French restaurants. Beds must be re- !
moved and the doors between rooms I
must be taken out, they declared,
•. Though the other two Commissioners
voted in favor of renewing the liquor
.• licenses, the negative carries in case of
.. • . a tie and it looks very much as if the 1
private rooms must go. The Bay State
. restaurant, Delmonico's and the old
• Poodle Dog pleaded, through Attor- :
ney Abe Ruef, that their cases go over, '
but this was denied. The resorts are
. . now running without licenses.
Commissioner Poheim was elected
president of the Board of Police Com
• missioners. He voted for himself and
received the ballots of Reagan and
Drlnkhouse.
When the cases of Sergeants Ellis,
'Brophy and Fraher, against whom I
..'Hutton. preferred charges, were called 1
a letter from Foreman Andrews of the
Grand Jury was read asking that the |
hearing by the Commissioners be again i
•postponed. The Grand Jury expects
to complete Its investigations in an
other week and the foreman asks that
nothing be done to interfere with the
' work of the Inquisitorial body.
Though Poheim objected, the case
of Ellis is to be taken up a week from
: to-morrow and those of the others
were postponed for two weeks.
George Villanos, who conducts a
• restaurant at 1522 Market street,
created a little scene when ordered to
remove the curtains in his place. "1
.am going to keep the curtains up." he
. said. "I've been in business twenty
years and you can't put me out."
Hutton Introduced a resolution, sec
• onded by Reagan, to Instruct Chief
Wittman to arrest all male visitors to
.. ■ Bacon place, 1129 Dupont street and
880 Jackson street. The motion was
lost. Poheim and Drlnkhouse vot
.. lng no.
Small Schooner on Sandbar.
A little schooner, supposed to be the ;
John F. Miller from Port Los Angeles,
near Los Angeles, ran ashore on the
• Potato Patch," a small sandbar near
Point Bonita. shortly after 8 o'clock
last night. The life-saving crew at the
lighthouse started to go to the schoon- [
era assistance, but she managed to get
out of her dangerous position before
aid reached her. The schooner is in
ej mmand of Captain Huhs. She is a
two-masted vessel of 170 tons.
. «OULJ) IMPROVE STREET.—The mem-
K -=rs of the Sutter-street Improvement Club
met yesterday afternoon and discussed plans >
for 'Improving that thoroughfare. An under- !
Mind electric system was boomed and a plan
to Illuminate the street to Van Ness avenue !
was discussed. j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL.
Few People Know How Useful It Is
in Preserving Health and Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that char
cal is the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature, out
few realize its value when taken into
the human system for the same cleans
ing purpose.
Charcoal is a remedy that the more
you • take of it the better; it is not a j
drug at all, but simply absorbs the I
gases and impurities always present in
the stomach and intestines and carries
them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
smoking, drinking or after eating
onions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and im
proves the complexion, it whitens the
teeth and further acts as a natural and
eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the injurious gases which
roilect in the stomach and bowels; It
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal in one
form or another, but probably the best ,
charcoal and the most for the money
la in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges: they j
are' composed of the finest powdered ,
Wiliow charcoal, and other harmless |
antiseptics in tablet form or rather ln
the form of large, pleasant tasting loz
enges, the charcoal being mixed with
hopey.-
The daily use of these lozenges will
"soon tell in a much Improved condition
of the general health, better complex
ion, sweeter breath and purer blood,
and the beauty of It is, that no possible
harm can result from their continued
.•use. but on the contrary, great benefit.
A Buffalo physician in speaking of
the benefits of charcoal, says: "I ad
vise Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges to all
patients suffering from gas In stom
ach and bowels, and to clear the com
plexion and purify the breath, mouth
and throat: I also believe the liver is
greatly benefited by the daily use of
them; they cost but 25 cents a box at -
drug stores, and although in some sense :
a patent preparation, yet I believe I
get more and better charcoal in Stuart's j
Charcoal Lozenges than in any of the
ordinary charcoal tablets."
DISEASES OF MEN I
Our modern up-to-date method*
• for the certain and speedy cure of private
disease*. Stricture. Rupture, Pros
tatic Trouble, File". Hlood Poison,
Nerion* Debility and Contracted
Disorders has won for ua thousand* of
testimonials from patients who have
. been cured.
Varicocele, we treat by oar improved
medical vibratory method, where others use
the knife. Our Improved French Coast
netfer fall to produce a healthy and speedy
cure in the treatment of ths Injured
ProNtnte. We lune n bond as a
enarantee to cure all cases we undertake.
Any man suffering from Weakness) and
who is I n developed can obtain from us
'free by mall) our 10 days' special treat
ment and Illustrated chart describing the
cause and effect of Lost Vitality.
Coitsnltntion and advice free.
All correspondence strictly pri
vate and confidential.
THE DR. TALCOTT co.
1140 MARKET ST.
Opp. Hales. San Francisco, Cal.
MAID OF CHOCOLATE
HUE RESENTS GIBE
BERATES CAUCASIAN MATRON
Alleges Deep - Seated Conspiracy
to Effect Her Removal.
Disclaiming pretension of possessing
the sweetest temper on earth. Miss
Jeanette Clark opined that even the
person so equipped could not have
passively submitted to the indignities
which provoked her to address un
complimentary language to Mrs. Ma
thilda Stone of 2221 Beach street, be
tween Broderick and Baker, and with
in stonethrow of the Presidio reserva
tion. Although she had never at
tempted to mingle with the Caucasian
ladies of that vicinage, Miss Clark
averred, there was obviously a con
spiracy on their part to impel her to
remove to a more agreeable neighbor
hood. Every time she walked abroad,
at.
'payin' no 'tenshun ter nobuddy," her
earn were assailed by taunting allu- J
sions to her complexion, which was
naturally of chocolate hue, and Irri
tating comments on her figure, which
was willowy. To these oral persecu
tions was added the mimicking of her
gait by female children, whose ribaldry
probably was prompted by their femi
nine relatives. It was a series of sting
ing remarks uttered by Mrs. Stone that
brought upon that lady's head the
vials of Miss Clark's pent-up wrath.
"She sed mo'n er saint cud stan',"
Miss Clark informed Police Judge Mo
gan. "en Ah'll 'fess dat Ah did han'
back sum wahm wuds. Ef mah 'plex
ion am dank, et's natch'l, Ah tole her,
en den Ah sed dat mah cullah
wuzzn't bought in a drug sto\ like de
'plexion ob sum folks Ah cud name.
Ah'll 'fess right heah dat Ah sed dem
wuds."
"But she alleges that you said words
more offensive than those," his Honor
remarked. •
"Den whafo' she ruffle mah fedders
de wrong way? Whafo' she sling out
jeahs w'en Ah'm walking erlong say
in' nufflng' ter nobuddy? Ain't Ah got
c. much right ter parade dem side
walks as she hey? She doan own dat
street, duz she? Jes kase Ise slightly
cullad am Ah ter be pestered wif in
sultery ebery time Ah passes her
doah?"
"What do you mean by 'pestered'?"
inquired an inquisitive attorney for the
prosecution.
"Ah means dat Ah'm called names
Ah doan lak?"
"Anastasla Johnson, for instance?"
"Yessah, en wussn't dat."
A group of matrons were ready and
willing to substantiate Mrs. Stone's
averment fhat Miss Clark was a com
mon scold, whose vituperation was
ever on tap; also to deny the existence
of any such conspiracy or malicious
drawing of the color line as the de
fense alleged. But a pressure of more
important matter compelled the court
to postpone the taking of their testi
mony until next week.
• • •
Dr. Carl Graeb, who eloped from
New York with Mme. Francisco Bo
dier, taking along his five children,
could not legally be held on the charge
of adultery heard by Judge Cabaniss,
inasmuch as he invariably introduced
the woman as his wife. Congressman
elect Julius Kahn and Special Officer
Young pressed the charge for all it
was worth, and when the defendant
left the courtroom he was rearrested
by a Deputy Sheriff armed with an or
der issued by Superior Judge Kerri
gan, who will hear an amended com
plaint, c • •
Howell Kitchlng and George J. Moore
were in the fifth consecutive day of
their carousal in the red-light district,
when George became bereft of his
overcoat and had Howell arrested for
stealing it. In the court of Judge
Fritz, however, George declared that
he had no proof of Howell's guilt and
could not remember when or how he
lost the missing garment.
"Nonsense," said Howell; "you re
member very well that I soaked both
your overcoat and mine to get money
for booze. You don't mean to say you
forget that I got $4 on my topper and
$3 50 on yours, and that we blew in
the dlnero over the bar?"
George scratched his head and said
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A "HaJr-taver" that grows la popslsrtty.
Newbr.cs Herpicide
The ORIGINAL remedy the* "kills the Dandruff Oorm."
GOING! GOING-!! GONG ! 11
■■urn nu un it.
■ ■j. is a uam MHMirnis but a slight knowiedre of scalp anatomy to know
NOT A HAB.CBOWIJL that the hair gets its nouriahnent direct trots the
• Vl»v v w hsir-sapuU. Tharoforo, ths only rational traat-
Ntwbro's HerptcWt* wis sot grow asJr-ostrjfs nefrt Is to destroy the csasoctf thodtsOMO. Herp
soes rhia—but fey deatroyto* ths attcrobk enemies UW« does this; It cures dandruff, stop* falling
of (Mir health tho hatr la bound to grow aa nature hair and relieves Itching. A delightful hair
Intended ; except In chronic baldness. It requires dr.aslsg. Gives extraordinary results. Try It
iff. Sim su* to* ioc * mmv a, I*llll. mm, act, f* t at**
APPLICATIONS AT PKOstTJTBaTT 1A»MB SHOPS.
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
he did have faint recollection of the
happenings described by Howell. Then
the Judge dismissed the petty larceny
complaint.
• • •
"The very idea," said Miss Violet
Stevens, removing her white fur boa
and confronting Judge Mogan, "of
dragging me up here before I've had
time to get proof that there's nothing
ln this charge—nothing whatever. I
ain't a-makin' no threats, but if some
body ain't a-goin' to smart for this,
you can—well, never mind. The
i-d-e-a-h!"
Then she sniffed defiantly at D. O,
Lake, agent for a Sixth-street firm of
house furnishers, who proceeded to in
form the court that Miss Stevens had
obtained from him certain goods by
false pretenses, said goods consisting
of one fancy clock, two statuettes and
two floor rugs, of the total value of
$23. It was on her representation that
she was furnishing a suite of apart
ments on Ellis street that he delivered
the goods and accepted her written
promise to pay for the in easy
installments. When he went to collect
the first installment he discovered that
she had left the Ellis-street house, neg
lecting to leave either the goods or any
clew as to where she had taken them,
and after infinite trouble he traced her
to a Market-street lodging-house, and
there effected her arrest. No, he did
not remember of whom the statuettes
were counterfeit presentments in min
iature, but was inclined to believe that
neither of them was modeled on the
physical lines of Battling Nelson, nor
did he think that either of them was
fashioned to Immortalize Nan Patter
eon.
Miss Stevens vouchsafed the Infor
mation that her husband is a chauffeur
and will fight for her to "the bitter
end." Then she was given till next
Tuesday to collect proofs of her Inno
cence of Intent to defraud.
• • •
Max O. Stork, diminutive physically,
but aggressive of spirit, testified that
after Mrs. Mary Boxald had hammered
his head with an umbrella until that
weapon was broken she, of Amazonian
height, girth and temperament, com
pleted her assault with a kitchen poker.
The incident occurred at the front door
of Mrs. Boxald's residence, 608 Baker
street, where Mr. Stork called in pur
suance of his vocation as collector for
a retail butcher.
"Was the battery conducted in si-
lence?" Judge Cabanlss asked Mr.
Stork.
"Silens noddinks," was the answer.
"Yen I calls at der door und bresents
der bill und asks her ter bay id she
grabs der umbereller und smashes mine
head mid id. 'Dot's how I bays id,'
she says, gifin' mine head anodder
wollop. 'You leedle runt,' she says,
'I'll knock sissidges ovid of yer,' und I
geds anodder crack und den anodder,
till der umbereUer's ausgesplelt. Den
she geds der boker und goes ter verk
on mine head again alretty."
"And did you say anything?"
"Ach, Gott, nein! She don'd git
me dime ter say anydinks!"
"Didn't you defend yourself?"
"Defend mineselef? Look at der
size of dot vomans und look at der
size of mineselef. Ach!"
Mrs. Boxald, however, averred that
not only did Mr. Stork practice self
defense, but really provoked her to
commit the battery of which he com
plained. When he' presented the
butcher's bill, she said, If was pro
nounced exorbitant by her, whereupon
Mr. Stork attempted to remove a soup
plate from underneath a flowerpot on
the porch, his evident Intent being to
assail her with it. It was purely in
self-defense that she seized the um
brella, which providentially stood
within her reach, and smote him with
It. She considered It her duty to her
self and family that she beat off her
adversary, even if the doing so in
volved the crippling of a dozen ur%
brellaa and an equal number of pok
ers. She was 111 ln bed, grip being her
ailment, when Mr. Stork's importun
ate knocking at the door compelled
her to respond and Incidentally ruf
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1905.
STRIKE RANKS
GAIN RECRUITS
Suspension of Work at
Russian Shipyards Dis
astrous to War Plans
SPREAD OF MOVEMENT
Construction of Submarine
Boats on the Neva Yards
Comes to a Standstill
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 18.—The
strike situation is becoming very grave.
To-night 58,000 men are out on strike,
and the movement is spreading to the
bis cotton mills, which employ more
than 50,000 operatives. Meetings have
been called for to-morrow, at which the
Socialistic Democratic leaders will use
their utmost endeavors to convert the
strike into a vast political demonstra
tion, which at the present crisis might
have most serious developments. The
authorities are adopting every precau
tion to avoid an outbreak, but the So
cialist Democrats are spurring on the
strikers, and there is great danger of a
collision with the troops, which would
be almost sure to be followed by a red
flag demonstration, accompanied with
great bloodshed.
Early to-day the employes of the Neva
Shipbuilding Works decided to support
the strikers of the Putiloff and Franco-
Russian works. Subsequently 12,000 of
the men of the Neva works informed
their managers that they had gone out
on a general strike.
The strike at the Neva works in
volves the suspension of the con
struction of submarine boats, which
was being carried out under the super
vision of an American engineer, and
also the work on two ocean-going ves
sels similar to those of the volunteer
fleet, and several gunboats and tor
pedo-boats, besides the preparation of
war material urgently required for
naval and military purposes.
Following are the demands of ths
Putiloff works strikers:
First—The dismissal of tbe foreman, who
is objected to by the union, and the reinstate
ment of the men who were dismissed for be
longing to the union.
Second—Eight hours' work per day.
Third—The valuation of work to be mads by
a joint committee of workmen and foremen.
Fourth—The appointment of a Joint perma
nent committee of arbitration.
Fifth—A minimum wag* of 60 cants per day
for unskilled male labor.
Sixth —Overtime work not to b* obligatory,
and to be paid for at double rates.
Seventh—The men not to bear the cost of
condemned work when not responsible for It.
Eighth—A minimum wage of 35 cents per
day for unskilled female labor, and th* es
tablishment of a creche for children.
Ninth —Improved mediaal attendance.
Tenth—lmproved sanitary' conditions in tmm
workshops, especially In the smithies.
Eleventh—lmmunity from punishment for
strikers.
Twelfth—The average rate of pay during
the strike.
It is reported that the Social Demo
crat faction did not show great
strength at the meetings to-night and
the anti-Radii als are greatly encour
aged at the apparent determination of
the majority of the strikers to confine
their contest-to trade issues.
ESSEN SITUATION GRAVE.
ESSEN, Germany, Jan. 18.—The sit
uation in the coal mining districts is
becoming more serious daily. The num
ber of strikers officially reported now
reaches 185,000, which is more than
double,the number who quit work in
Germany's great strike in 1889. The
negotiations of the Government Com
missioners thus far promise nothing
favorable, although the number of
commissioners was" increased to-day by
three arrivals from Berlin.
To-day's conference .at Dortmund
with representatives of the Mine-Own
ers' Association lasted until 1 o'clock.
It had been hoped that the conference
would lead to a settlement of the strike,
but these hopes have been completely
dashed, since the representatives of the
Mine-Owners* Association refused even
to take part in the joint conference
with delegates from the Mine Opera
tives' Union, which had been planned
for to-morrow.
Provincial President Hasse. who at
tended the conference, returned to
night to Coblentz and intimated that
the Government authorities regard the
situation as serious.
Everything now indicates that the
strike will be a long and bitter one.
The question Is, how long the miners
can hold out. Next week they will re
ceive the pay for work done ln De
cember and part of January. This,
with contributions coming in. It is
thought, will be sufficient for five weeks
at least. Government officials are be
ginning to admit that the strike will
last a long time, and are taking meas
ures accordingly to prevent outbreaks.
In some towns th* police have ordered
that saloons be closed at an early hour.
Reports from various parts of the
country indicate a great disturbance
of trade owing to the lack of coal. The
textile mills and cement concerns on
the lower Rhein are already running
partly short time.
Troops Fire Upon Crowds.
LBMBERG, Austria, Jan. 18.—Re
ports received here from Lodz, Euro
pean Russia, say the troops there
were called out January 14 to quell a
social democratic demonstration and
fired several volleys Into the crowds,
with the result that many persons
were killed or wounded. Among the
killed was a workman who had* head
ed a procession, carrying a red flag.
fled her temper.
The prosecution produced a Japan
ese witness, and Mrs. Boxald objected
to his testimony being- heard. "That
rabbit-eyed Jap," she said, "didn't
see a thing of what happened." As
her elegantly expressed assertion
proved to be correct the case was re
duced to a weighing of the testimony
of the two principals and his Honor
gallantly tipped the beam ln favor of
the lady.
• • •
Edward Russell, an opium slave,
was accused of having burglariously
entered a plumber's shop at 62 Clay
street and when Judge Mogan pleas
antly asked him if his intention was to
"hit a pipe" the only person who
didn't crack a smile was Bailiff Ma
honey. Mr. Russell was convicted of
petty larceny instead of burglary and
will be sentenced to-day.
• • *
John H. yon der Hoden, grocer at
Buchanan and Grove streets, was con
victed of having refilled with beer cer
tain bottles belonging to the Bottlers'
and Manufacturers' Association, thus
violating the provisions of section
354%, J>enal Code, and Judge Caban
iss fined him S2O.
• • •
Chris Nelson, recently from the
fatherland, acquired his first alcoholic
intoxication on the water front of San
Francisco and the effect was an ur
gent desire on his part to fight every
person who crossed his path.
"He must a-been drinkin' kineto
scope booze," the arresting policeman
informed Judge Mogan, "for after I
arrested him he said he saw moving
pictures that were out o' sight to me."
Mr. Nelson was dismissed with a
caution to beware of bioscopes ln
liquefied form.
TWO VESSELS
PRIZES OF WAR
Japanese Cruisers Bring In
British Steamship and An
other Unnamed Craft
CONTRABAND ON BOARD
Forty-Eight Ships Now on
High Seas With Cargoes
for Belligerent Ports
TOKIO, Jan. 18.—Japanese cruisers
captured the British steamship Bawtry
in Tsu Straits yesterday morningr. The
vessel was carrying provisions, ship
building materials, etc., from Kiao
chau, the German port on the Shan
tung Peninsula, to Vladivostok. She
was taken to Sasebo.
The capture of another steamship is
reported, but no details have been re
ceived.
LONDON, Jan. 18.—Much bsuiness
was done at Lloyd's to-day on vessels
bound for the Far East with cargoes
consigned to belligerent ports. Forty
eight steamships are now on their way
to the extreme Orient, a number of
which going to Vladivostok were re
insured at 50 guineas per cent. The
British steamships Powder ham and
Oakley, both of which sailed from
Barry, the former on November 12 and
the latter on January L whose owners
have already lost vessels by capture,
were reinsured at 75 guineas per cent
each.
Another transaction vhich was re
garded as significant was the Issuance
of sixteen Hamburg-American Line
j vessels covering war risks only, for the
j voyage from a port in the United
Kingdom* to a port not east of Colom
| bo, Ceylon, and return and at an ex
! ceedingly low premium. It is under
| stood that each vessel will carry coal.
| The transaction created much talk on
i the floor of Lloyd's, where it was con
fidently believed that the Hamburg-
American vessels will act as feeders
for Admiral Rojestverisky's squadron
in the event of it being ordered to re
turn to European waters.
SHANGHAI, Jan. 18.—The British
steamship Powderham, which sailed
from Barry, England, on November 12
for Vladivostok, has entered the port
her crew refusing to pro
ceed to Vladivostok for fear of cap
ture by the Japanese.
WARSHIPS NEAR BORNEO.
MANILA, Jan. 18.—Advices reach
ing Manila say that two Russian
cruisers recently called at the island
of Labuan, near Borneo. Two Jap
anese cruisers had been in the same
port for coal and provisions, but they
, did not meet the Russian vessels. The
! latter, it is reported, came from Bra
; zil, by way of the Straits of Magel
, lan.
! A dispatch from St. Petersburg on
January 15 said some of the newspa
pers there claimed that the Japanese
were using the island of Labuan as a
base and mat the British were con
cealing the fact by preventing com*
munication between Borneo and Sin
gapore on the ground that the cable
was undergoing repairs.
Turkestan Report Unconfirmed.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 18. —The
I statement made by the Morning Post
of London that Kashgar, Eastern
i Turkestan, has been occupied by the
} Russians, Is not confirmed.
Did You Ever Stop to Think
I What a pleasure it is to look at pretty
; photographs? Get a camera and take tho
pictures yourself. We have cameras
j from 80c up and all photographic sup
plies. Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market St.*
READER ABANDONS IDEA
OF DROWNING HIMSELF
Healdstrarg Barber Who Wrote That
He Intended to Commit Suicide
Is Located in Oakland.
HEALDSBTJRG, Jan. 18. — Bert
! Reader, a local barber, who wrote a
I letter to James Shinny in which he
i threatened to commit suicide by
drowning himself ln the Russian
River, has been located by Marshal
j Parker of this city in Oakland. Par
; ker telephoned to Oakland and learned
j that Reader was there with his father.
Reader's wife, who resides in Santa
Rosa with her Infant child, is suing
him for a divorce and alimony, and
this, together with the losses he has
suffered in gambling, is thought to
! have preyed upon his mind until he
was almost driven to suicide.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
New Designs Arriving Daily
It is the policy of the Store on the Square to keep the
very latest designs in FURNITURE,
k W CARPETS and DRAPERY. Every
fx fa worthy make represented at. abso
f]iM M j lately lowest, prices. * * * *
1 ''XtM : W<, China Closet m 75
It, ,) 41 If' Jsf y' and roomy. Highly polished. Price IglUliU
7 ' I /!'' ill' Hr ' « 1 At** ▲ We are showing some exceptionally beauti
j f' lit if'fr if'ill /Ml *ul designs in Bigelow Axminsters—designs
p j hrmrf&Z *j, 1 ■ f #V *' that are remarkable from the artistic stand
\\ 11 ! 'ill iLJkV I poiat* No carpet made has the soft blending of color of this
11= ; be*"*** o * weave. You will find the prices right.
M 01 IVUII within a year. It is not only
l^^^j mmma j^ m J mv % \ the most economical, but the best range from the standpoint of
■V '■ mm I workmanship, on the market. We guarantee it on every point.
I -I I Terms: $1.00 Down and $1.00 a Week.
YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD. "NUF-CED"
PRAGERS
There will be "Something Doing" at
To-Day
Don't Miss It
Our Inventory Clearance Sale-bigger
and better bargains than ever
begins this morning.
Specials In Ml Departments,
Another Lot of Choice Creamery
Butter at llVic a Square.
Each square is full weight and guaranteed.
Children's II jJEST f] breakfast,
School Wj L uncn an d
at the lII* ai>vaya reliable Served
%Z! F STS gjf
COMMITTEE IS READY TO
SUBMIT ITS DECISIONS
Hold Night Session in an Effort to
Close Masons' Convention by
End of Week.
At yesterday's session of the Brick
layers' and Masons' International
Convention the secretary called the
roll of the different committees, as to
when they would be ready to report
their decisions to the convention.
They announced that they would be
ready to submit their business at the
session to-day. The committees were
at work* until a late hour last night
completing their work.
The following members were ap
pointed as a committee to select a be
fitting testimonial for California Union
No. 7 for the hospitable treatment to
the visiting delegates: George P.
Gubbins of Chicago; Charles J.
Baumach, Milwaukee; Robert H.
McMackin, Washington, D. C; Spen
cer Grosse, Seattle; M. H. O'Neill,
Dcs Moines, Iowa; Edward C. Cham
berlain, Ontario, and A. Brown,
Georgia,
At to-morrow's session the election
of officers for the ensuing year and
the selection of the city where the
next convention will be held will come
before the body.
"EL TOVAR" OPENS.
Special Excursion to Grand Canyon.
Leaving at 9:30 a. m. and 8:00 p. m.,
the Santa Fe will run special excursion
to the Grand Canyon of Arizona on Mon
day, January 23rd. Only $30.00 round
trip, good for ten days. The new hotel
at the Canyon. "El Tovar." is now open.
An exceptional opportunity to see Na
ture's greatest wonder. Full information
at Santa Fe office, 641 Market street. •
STEAMSHIP WRECKED
ON MADAGASCAR COAST
Bengalia Goes Ashore, Crew Escapes,
bnt the Vessel Will Be
• Total Loss.
HAMBURG, Jan. 18.—-The news
was received here to-day that the
Hamburg-American line steamship
Bengalia, which sailed from Barry on
December 7 and St. Vincent, C. 8., on
December 18, for Batavia. had been
wrecked on the coast of Madagascar.
It was added that the crew had been
saved, but that the ship was a total
loss.
Picture Frames
And an immense variety of mouldings for
framing pictures to order; also ready
made frames in all the new shapes and
every tint and color of mat boards and
binding papers made. Sanborn, Vail A
Co., 741 Market street. . •
A horse usually acts up when you are
trying to sell him.
MAKING AN INVESTIGATION
OF NEW TELEPHONE SYSTEM
I ■
Committee of Spokane Business Men
Is Investigating the Service at
the Hotel Del Coronado.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO, Jan. 18.
Among the notable visitors at the hotel
this week are I* G. Monroe, C. A. Flem
ing, M. H. Eggleston, H. A. Hover, W.
M. Quinn and E. H. Jamison of Spo
kane. They represent the City Coun
cil, Chamber of Commerce and Tax
payers* League of that city and are
making an extensive investigation of
the Home telephone system, with its
automatic switchboard, which has just
been installed here. The company has
mttde application for a franchise ln
Spokane.
Mrs. Richardson, wife of the man
ager of the New Glenwood Hotel at
Riverside, is here with a party of
friends.
W. D. Bliss and D. L. Bliss Jr. of
San Francisco, who are the owners of
the railroad between Truckee and
I Lake Tahoe, are at the hotel for a
week. . Miss Bliss and Miss Pillsbury
of San Francisco are seeing Southern
California at the same time.
Mrs. Charles Henderson of Chicago,
a prominent club woman, who is visit
ing here, is much interested in the
work being done by the various
branches of the Woman's Outdoor De
partment of the American Civic Asso
ciation.
A. S. Thile and son left yesterday
morning for their former home in
Oakland. Thile came south for his
wife's health, but came too late for the
relief he sought for her.
Among the late arrivals are Dr. and
Mrs. C. R. Putnam, New York; Mr.
and Mrs. Wells, Boston; Mrs, Eliza
beth K. Churchill, Cleveland: W. D.
Cook, Cleveland; Mr. and Mrs. J.
Weiss, New York; Mrs. H. Heidy, New
York; Mrs. W. M. Grunwald, Philadel
phia; Mr. and Mrs. Phillipsborn, Mrs.
Davis, C. E. Vorman, Chicago; C. M.
Buck, San Francisco.
Table d'bote lunch, with wine, 40c, at
the Terrace Garden, 127 Mason st. •
CABINET'S RESIGNATION
IS RECEIVED BY LOUBET
French President Will Consult Ma
jority Leaders Before Naming
Combes' Successor.
PARIS, Jan. 18.—The Combes Min
istry presented its resignation to
President Loubet at the Elysee Palace
this morning and the President ac
cepted it, but asked the Ministers to
individually carry on their functions
until a new Cabinet Is formed.
Loubet later announced his inten
tion of consulting the leaders of. the
majority groups. This will defer the
final selection of a Ministry for sev
eral days.
56
MUDDY RACETRACK
UPSETS THE FORM OF THE HORSES
THAT ARE IN THE COMPETITION
THE EMERYVILLE
W. R. CONDON IS FIRST FOR THE HANDICAP
Bullman on hiiiott,
: the Favorite, Takes
Place.
M.A. Powell Beaten
Out a Nose by-
Sea Air.
' BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
Louis Ezell's bay horse W. R. Con
' don. with Anderson on his back, scored j
a skyrocket win of the $1000 handicap ;
over one and one-sixteenth miles yes- |
terday at Oakland. There were only
; five starters, and Mike Daly's Elliott.
carrying Bullman and 111 pounds, had j
the call at 9 to 5.
■' W. R. Condon opened up at threes, j
"but toward post time a world of coin j
dme to light, forcing the price down .
to 11 to 5. The start was ragged, Oro |
• Viva and Veterano getting away poor- ,
lyr Condon sailed out in the lead, and !
'. It looked as if both Bullman, on Elliott,
■ and Davis, astride Bombardier, had j
waiting orders. Bullman tried to over
haul the leader the last quarter, and
failed dismally, for Condon laughed in '
•.by a couple of lengths. Davis, with
Bombardier, couldn't help being third, j
Rain fell almost incessantly and the
. track looked a sea of mud. Hainault
• and Sea Spray were the only successful
favorites.
Brennus, the mount of Mysterious
Charley Bell, had first call in the bet
ting on the introductory Futurity I
course sprint. The gelding appeared j
• sore and ran only a fair race, finishing
third. Hipponax, played from 6 to 1
d iwn to 23 to 5, with Alarle up, made all
the running and won hands down from
The Hawaiian, a 30-to-l shot. Lurene,
a backed one, apparently did not take
to the going.
On her previous two races M. D. Mil
.lf r l s three-year-old colt Sea Voyage
looked a cherry-ripe one for the five
and a half furlong sprint. Opening at |
'3, the filly's price dropped until 9 to 5
was the best, making her equal favorite
with Tarn O'Shanter. The latter met
with many mishaps on the back
stretth, finishing unplaced. Little Tay
lor, on Sea Voyage, got his mount away
.first and, outfonting St. George Jr., dis
posed of the Ferguson entry without
any great effort at the wire. Hulford
ran a fair third.
Bonner, astride Mr. Farnum, earned
a neck decision over Yellowstone, the
mount of Davis, at the close of the
rnlle and hundred yard selling fixture.
Yellowstone closed a point lower ln the
betting than the McCafferty horse and
made all the running. Mr. Farnum
was "the contender throughout," and
when Yellowstone began tiring at the
'paddock forged to the front. The show
went to G.in Spray.
Had" the track remained slow Modl
; 'rum might have won the mile and fifty
yard event. The downpour of rain left
a. hard bottom and the old cripple made
an indifferent showing. Hainault, the
•3 to 4 favorite, piloted by Davis, led
from the start, winning in a gallop from
:Major Tenny, an 18 to 1 shot. Modicum
was third.
In a desperate drive Anderson, on Sea
Air, Just nosed out M. A. Powell for
%s
Newport News, Va., July 22, 1903.
Last summer while recovering from ill
ness of fever, I had a severe attack of
lifflammatory Rheumatism in the knees,
from which I was unable to leave my
room for several months. I was treated
by two doctors and also tried different
kinds 'of linaments and medicines which
seemed to relieve me from pain for
awhile, but at the same time I was not
any nearer getting well. One day while
reading a paper I saw an advertisement
of S. S. S. for Rheumatism. I decided
to give it a trial, which I did at once.
, After I had taken three bottles I felt a
great deal better, and I still continued
to take it regularly until I was entirely
cured. I now feel better than for years, I
• and I cheerfully recommend S. S. S. to
any one suffering from Rheumatism.
613 32d St Chas. E. Gilderslkkve.
• Rheumatism is caused by nric acid or
some other acid poison in the blood,
. which when deposited in the muscles
' and joints, produce the sharp, cutting
pains and the stiffness and soreness pe
culiar to this disease. S. S. S. goes di
rectly into the circulation, all irrita
ting substances are neutralized and
filtered out of the system, the blood is
made pure and the general health is
built up under the purifying and tonic
A — effects of the vege
mW I JmWBl table remedy.
MT 'Hi * Write for our spe-
Hk «L cial book on Rheu-
Vk matism which is
sent free. Ourphy
«A sicians will advise"
. B . wM » w& without charge all
|y B m±Jm Ik MS who will write us
*tsfflr about their case.
The Swift Specific Cempany, Atlanta, Ga.
1 WILL
CURE YOU
I F TOU COME TO
• mo for treatment
If others have failed,
that I can cure you
1 will not accept
your case, and ln
ev< ry instance I
treat by original ad
vanced sclen
-98. O. C. JOSUSKT IVIFIM ftNl V
■ The Leading Specialist. '▼■■-II vJIK 1_ I
Z am always willing to wait for my
fee until a cure is effected.
My experience as a specialist ln men's
■ diseases is of a seventeen-yetr quality. 1
treat and cure SPERMATORRHOEA,
"WEAKNESS." VARICOCELE. HYDRO
CELE. CONTRACTED DISORDERS. SPE
CIFIC BLOOD POISON. STRICTURE and
PILES.
Consultation and instructive pamphlet
fnee at office or by mall.
DR. O. C. JOSLEN
Cor. Market aad Kearny Sts.
Private Entrance 702 Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND—Wednesday, Jan. IS. Weather cloudy. Track heavy.
774.1. FIRST RACE —lAiturity course; 4-year-old* and up; selling; value to Art
1 ider! Horse and Owner. 'Wi St. J4- Mt- %■ Str - 1Fia - | Jockey.
1 Op. CI.
7732 iHlpponax, a (A. C. IX-an) ttOSj 1 ... 1 % 1 3 1 « 1 «
7703 [Tbe Hawaiian. 4 (Wilson) 103 .". ... 6 2 5 5 4 2 2
7733 jli.ennus, 5 (F. U-.wrio) 108 4 ... 4 n 3 1%3 1 Va!
7650 llnspctr. Munro. 4 (Del Rio S.), »»i 2 ... 7 n 7 2 6 n 4 3
7734 Follow Mt, a (Hosier Bros.).. lOSj 8 ... 2 n 3 1%2 n 6 1
7'JS0 L.urene 6 (Moormead Farm).. 11031 6 ... 6 lMt* % 5 VnM *
7707 Prestano, 6 (J. Pierson) '.♦$! 8 ... 8 6 % 7 « 7 6 ,
7711) |Presldio, 4 (D. Zelinsky) | 96] 7 .... * % 8 8 8 |
lAla
'Boi
(Bel
IF. :
|H.
Am
Wr
fw.
Aiane
Bonner ....
n.i, I
Bell
F. Sullivan.
van.
mels
n ..
y...
5
20
8-6
7
5
7-2
10
20
Time—:2s% :51 1:14. At post 3 minutes. Oft at 3:13 U.. Hipponax, place, 2; show, 9-10.
Hawaiian nla'-c 12; show, 0. Brennus, show, 1-3. Winner, br g. by Piccolo-Low land
Lass Trained by A. C. Dean. Scratched—Cousin Carrie, Berendos, Standard, Suburban
Queen, Waterspout. Start good. Won in a gallop. Balance driving hard. Winner away
first and never extended. The Hawaiian hopped out of the pickle Jar. Brennus did his
best. Follow Me quit. Lurene apparently did not like the going.
7744. SECOND RACE —Five and a half furlongs; 3-year-olds up; purse; value to first, $328.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. hi. Mt. %. Str. Fin. j Jockey. I Op. Ol.
Jockey.
CI.
7718 ISea Voyage. 3 (Mrs. Miller)..
6S19 ISt George Jr., 4 (Ferguson)..
(7732)jHulford, 4 (J. Schneckloth)..
(T734)jTain O'Shanter, f> (Howe Sta.)
76(11 Capt. Forsee. 4 (N. Eng. Sta.)
Gallopoff, 3 (M. J. Daly),.
7647 iTrue Wing, 3 (T. H. Ryan)..
771S
0819
I 87! 1 ... 2 1%1 Mt 1 1%1 1^
106 4 ... Ih24 2n 26
1103 6 ... 5 h 7 • 4 % 3 ns
|107 2 ... 7 4 % 6 n 4 h
illl 3 ... 6 % 6 1 6%52
I 89 5 ... 8 n 8 n 3 - V> 3
87 7 ... 4n62 7 7
Taylor
Helgesen ..
J. Jones...
Tullett
9-5
Bullman ...
W. Daly...
Barrett ....
6
10
20
8
40
40
Time—:26, :52%. 1:11. At post 2 minutes. Off at 2:37%- Voyage, place, 7-10; show 1-3.
George, place, 9-5; show. 4-5. Hulford, enow. 3-2. Winner, eh. f. by Pirate of Pen
zance-Gladness. Trained by J. Stern. Scratched—Orchan. Soufriere. Start good. Won
easily. Balance driving hard. Sea Voyage, nicely rated, outfooted St. George. Hulford
ran his race. Tarn O'Shanter cut off two or three times. He should have been second.
Captain Forsee won't do. Gallopoff ran a clever race.
'46 THIRD RACE)—One mile and 100 yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to
Horse and Owner.
Wt
%. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
Ct.
7736 jMr. Farnum. 5 (Q. Wilson).. jl07
7714 Yellowstone, 6 (W. P. Fine).. 106
7741 IGln Spray, a (R. de Nefte) |102|
77o.". James, 4 (W.Cotton) 107
7SS8 Mosketo, 8 (Q. Strobel) |107
7t>»5 iResin, 6 (M. J. Devers) J107|
7706 El Morro, a (J. Stuart) 102
7705 ICracko, 5 (A. Burns) ]l07|
1 3 4 2 6 2 6 1 n
!2 111nlnl2 28
|7 3 n 33 84
,6 62 66 6 15 63 4 80
3 4h3h 43 42 5n
i8 8 7h73 7 10 62
5 2 n 4V 3 5% 6 1 V»7 10
14 7 4 8 8 8 8
(Bonner ...
W. Davi»..
jO. ChandTr
iBell
8 11-5
8-5 2
9- 2 23-6
6 7
8 10
20 40
25 60
20 60
H. Michaels
[W. Daly...
J. Kelly...
]T. Stewart. |
Time —:25%, :51%, 1:17%. 1:45%, 1:62. At post % minute. Off at 8:00%. Farnum, place.
4-5; show, 2-5. Yellowstone, place. 4-6; show, 2-5. Gin Spray, show, 7-10. Winner h. g.
by Cheviot—Miss Dance. Trained by C. C. McCafferty. Start good. Won first two driv
ing hard. Third easily. Mr. Farnum outstayed Yellowstone in a whipping finish. Gla
Spray ran his race. Others no account.
'46 FOURTH RACE—One and a
Horse and Owner.
a;. Str. Fin. I Jockey. j Op. CI.
7728 |W. K, Condon, 6 (L.. H. Ezell)j]
7728 Elliott 5 (M. J. DsJy) u
(7710) Bombardier, 4 (P. Skinner)...;]
7730 |Oro Viva, 6 (C. T. Henshall).!
(7716)IVeterano. 5 (Multnomah Sta.),:
Ill
111
11112 121 1'->1 2
2 8 % 2 2 2 1U2 12 3^
3 2 H 8 h SMi 3%
5 44 4 5 45 45 44
4 5 5 6 5 5
[Anaerson ..
Bull man ..I
YV. Davis..|
[Kunz I
8 11-6
2 9-6
2 14-5
12 18
4 18
|Bell I
Time—:26%, :62% 1:18, 1:46%, 1:51%. At post 2% minutes. Off at 8:28%. Condon, place,
7-10; show, 1-4*. Elliott, place, 7-10; show, 1-4. Bombardier, show, 1-4. Winner b. h.
by Troubadour —Felipe. Trained by L. H. Ezell. Scratched—Claude. Start bad. Won
easily. Second handily. Third driving. It rained BteadUy after the first race, and the
track was much muddier than it was earlier. Winner was ablaze with speed. A furlong
from home It looked as If Elliott might win, but Condon drew away. Davis did not ride
a very vigorous race on Bombardier. Oro Viva and Veterano away very poorly and had
no chance.
'47. FIFTH
yards; selling; 4-year-olds and
value first, $320.
Horse and Owner.
:- 14. H.
%. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
jHatnault, 6 (J. Reavey)
Major Tenny, 8 (Piedmont 8.)
I Modicum, 5 (D. 8. Fountain)..
iHarka, 4 (C. T. Henshall)
lEsherin, 6 (J. F. Schorr)
jMelsterslnser, 6 (F. Healey)..
104 4 1 % 1 8%1 3 14 13^4
109 6 52 32 22 28 2 1^
107 36 6 52448 lVs
102 2 3 im 1 3 2 3 % 4 8
107 1 4 % 5 1%6 5154
112 6 2 3 2 h 4 1%6 6
'. Davis J
>nner
Kelly ..
11
Jones ..
8- 4
18
9- 6
75
40
17
Time. 24% :51%, 1:17%, 1:46%, 1:50%. At post 2 minutes. Off at 8:56%. Hainault, place,
1-5; show, out. Tenny, place, 4; show, 11-10. Modicum, show, 1-6. Winner, br. g. by
St. Carlo-Llbbertlflibbett. Trained by J. Reavey. Btart good. Won easing up. Second
easily. Third driving. Hainault never out of a gallop. Major Tenny received a strong
ride. Modicum was sore and could run none the first part. Meistersinger left after the
first act. Esherin showed a spark of speed.
Horse and Owner.
%. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
I Sea Air (T. E. McLaughlin)..
M. A. Powell (G. W. Wilson)..'
[Head Dance (C. T. Henshall)..
Arlsbe (Napa Stock Farm)..
'Ferryman (M. J. Daly)
jThe Mist (W. H. Hammond)..
Fisher Boy (E. E. Burnett)..
Yada (W. Cahlll)
4 2 % 2 2 28 21,1ns
11112 12 12 26
3 5 1%6 n 5 1 4 2 8 8
6 4>h41 4 n 61 4 h
7 76 51 6n6n 52
2 81 3h82 3h 62
8 8 8 8 8 7 %
6 62 7 15 76 7 3 8
joonner ....
Kunz
[Bell
W. Daly ..
J. Jones ..
IJ Boyd ...
[W, Davis ..
D-6
10
6
12
60
2
60
5
9-5
10
10
25
60
7-5
100
7
Time, :24%. :50, 1:18, 1:81. At post 3 minutes. Off at 4:23. Air, place, 3-5; show 1-3.
Powell, 8; show, 7-6. Dance, show, 7-5. Winner, br. f. by Pirate of Pene'ance-
Fragrance. Trained by T. E. McLaughlin. Start good. Won in a very hard drive of
two. Third easily. Bonner on M. A. Powell carried Sea Air almost out to Shell Mound
station on stretch turn. Latter stood a long, hard drive and was best. Arisbe ran a fair
race. Going got too heavy for The Mist probably. Davis, who rode Tada, la not a
good mud rider.
the final seven-furlong number. Bon
ner jumped away ln front with the Mc-
Cafferty colt, and in a furious drive,
lasting an eighth of a mile, Anderson
just did get the filly up in time to re
ceive the verdict. Head Dance ran into
the show. The Mist, played down to
favoritism, died away to nothing.
TRACK NOTES.
Anderson piloted two winners.
When it comes down to a hard drive
the Ezell stable jockey Is right ln his
element.
Bonner left the 2:30 class and
scored down with the free-for-allers j
in a manner that was truly refreshing, j
He landed Mr. Farnum in front and
reached home second astride The Ha- \
waiian, Major Tenny and M. A. Pow- |
eIL
Apprentice Sullivan has been grant- ;
ed permission b- the judges to accept j
outside mounts. "Sully" is connected
With the stable of Blanchi & McGov- |
crn and rode in poor form for a while. J
SL George Jr., from Garnet Fergu-
SOfia stable, was made the medium of j
quite a plunge.
Too much newspaper notoriety
Jarred on the nervous sensibilities of
Ike Tullett, for he scrambled the eggs
with Tarn O'Shanter yesterday. Ike
can always say that he cut the sprint
er loose at 9 to 5 though.
The Lissak handicap to be decided
on Saturday Is the next rich feature.
Mike Daly thought Elliott a sure
winner, barring accident Hainault
breezed the first three-quarters of his
race faster than the handicap horses
were traveling.
Meisterslnger receded in the betting
from 12 to 17 to 1. That Is like ang
ling for trout with an unsuitable fly.
The Mist was quoted at 8 to 1 dur
ing one stage of the betting.
Modicum has ringbone on each
forefoot so badly that his affliction re
sembles anklets on the nether limbs of
an Indian Princess. In condemning
the showing made by the old cripple
Just figure how fast an athlete would
cover 100 yards with both knees dis
torted from the effects of Inflamma
tory rheumatism.
johnny Meeks, an exercise boy in
the employ of Tom Ryan, was thrown
from a horse at the track yesterday
morning and had a leg broken. The
sufferer was removed to Fablela Hos
pital.
Racing at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. IS,—Results of to
day's races:
First race, six and a half furlongs—Floral
Wreath won. Athelana second, Mary McCaf
ferty third. Time, 1:21.
Second race, three furlongs—Hostility won,
drove Center second, Veribest third. Time,
:87.
Third race, six and a half furlongs—Red
Raven won. Felix Mozzes second. Unmasked
third. Time, 1:20 3-5.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap—Es
cutcheon won. Edith May second, Florentine
third. Time, 1:13.
Fifth face, six and a half furlongs—April
Shower won, Josette second, Little Jack Hom
er third. Time. 1:20 8-5.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles —Stone-
wall won, Exclamation second, Keogh third.
Time. 1:68. _
Essex Park Racing.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., Jan, 18.—Essex Park
racing results:
First race, three furlongs—Main won, Good
second, Carthage third. Time, :88%.
Second race, seven furlongs—Maverick won,
L.c< nja second, St. Florence third. Time, 1:34.
Third race, five furlongs—lncense won, Tus
can second, Moon-Et third. Time. 1:03 1-5.
Fourth race, six furlongs—Rosebm won. But
tons seLon.-', Neversuch third. Time, 1:18.
Fifth race, seven furlongs—Room Mate won,
Wattrfonf second, Operator third. Time,
1:35%.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles—Tete
nuir won, Kingralna second, Hucena third.
Time, 2;04.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JANUARY 19, 1905.
BOATING CLUBS
ORDERED AWAY
Oakland Office "Ban Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 18.
The University of California Boating
Club, the Columbia Rowing Club and
the Oakland Canoe Club have been
served with notice to vacate the prop
erty they have long occupied at the
foot of Fifth avenue, facing the East
Oakland Basin Negotiations that have
been pending for the sale of twenty
five acres of that water front land to
the American Magnesite Company
have reached a point where the owner
of the land, the Oakland Harbor Devel
opment Company, has been obliged to
direct the clubs to withdraw. The for
mal notices were served by E. P. Van
dercook, secretary of the corporation,
the principal stockholder ln which is
James L. de Fremery.
For years the site occupied by the
clubs has been a headquarters for
aquatic sports on the estuary. The
three clubs own well-equipped houses
and have had a long undisturbed use
of the land. The encroachments of
manufacturing enterprises and the de
mand for available water frontage has
crowded out the old-timers and this
move Is only one of many that are ln
progress along the harbor front No
steps have as yet been taken by the
clubs to procure new locations. The
University Club is hopeful that its re
moval will not interfere with its annual
spring regatta, for which training will
shortly be commenced.
DOLE IS CHAMPION PUNTER
OF THE STANFORD ELEVEN
Is Awarded th e Cap Offered by tbe
Quadrangle Club to the Foot
ball Men.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 18.
W. H. Dole was to-day awarded the
punting cup, which Is given each year
by the Quadrangle Club to the best
punter during the football reason.
Average distance is what counts, and
Dole was far ahead of all contestants.
Coach Lanagan and Captain Clark
were the Judges. The punting cup
was not awarded last year because no
measurements were taken and conse
quently no decision could be made.
Dole comes from Riverside and is
a member of the large family of ath
letes that has brought fame to Stan
ford. He has played left halfback on
the varsity for three years and is con
sidered by many the best halfback
Stanford has ever produced. Although
outpunted ln the intercollegiate game
of last semester by Heitmuller of Cal
ifornia, Dole's kicking ln that con
test was remarkable.
Harrison Promoted.
A. S. Harrison, watchman for the
United States Immigrant Bureau, has
been promoted to the position of mes
senger in the office.
Do You Play Poker.
Bridge Whist, Five Hundred or Euchre}
If you do, buy your playing cards, score
cards, game counters and poker chips of
us. We have all the latest ideas In tally
and score cards. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
11l Market street, *
THESE SELECTIONS
FIGURE THE BEST
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
First race — Sernilune, Busy
Bee, Bellona.
Second race—The Hawaiian,
Batldor, Georgie Black.
Third race—Mogregor, Gren
ore, Mabel Bates.
Fourth race — Briers, Bar
rack, War Times.
Fifth race—Glenarvon. Gin
Spray, Miracle.
Sixth race—Big Beach, Sal
able, Bob Ragon.
MUDLARKS HAVE
FIRST CALL.
The card at Oakland to-day Is made
up almost entirely of selling events.
The introductory number is a scram
ble for two-year-old maiden Allies.
The entries follow:
First raca—Three furlongs, two-year-olds,
maiden fillies, purse:
.... Southern Lady (Spratt) I*B
Klsmst-EUeena.
.... Achellta (Napa Stock Farm* 108
L.l berti ne - Mon tovla.
.... Miss Topsy (Cameron) ..108
Topgallant-Brandolett.
T7SB Busy Bee (Patterson) ........108
Teaming (Blanchl A Otx.) ........103
Figaro- Resignation.
7788 Semilune (Roche) 108
.... Petaluma (Stover) 108
St. Avonlcua-Odd or EVen.
7728 Bellona (Macdonough) ...108
Second race—Five furlongs, four-year-olds
and up, selling:
7738 'Pure Dale (H0eppner).................100
7743 The Hawaiian (Wi150n)......- 107
7732 •Trapsetter (Ezell) 105
7733 Balto (Merchant) 107
7743 Presidio (Zellnsky) - 107
7676 Bee Rosewater (Romlgh) 105
7678 Wistaria (Stockton Stable) 105
7732 *Emma Reubold (Burger & Co.) 100
7714 Rey Hooker (Appleby & Co.) 107
7733 »Georgie BJack (Hansen) 100
7707 Urbano (Boyle) 107
(7733)8at1d0r (Fine) 112
Third race—Five aad a half furlongs, three
year-olds, selling:
7737 »Lady Fashion (Miller) - 100
7701 «Nlka (E-zell) — 100
7731 'Grenore (Davis) -.~ 102
7737 Duet (Roche) ... 105
7700 "Calculate (Blasdngame) — ....102
7731 »Mogxegor (Bianchl & Co.) 105
7723 The Celt (Figaro Stable) 107
7789 Norinne (Napa Stock Farm) 106 •
7737 Mabel Bates (Strobel) 105
7629 Mizpah (Summers) -....105
7576 Cascades (Smith) - 106
7737 San Joss (Wilson) .-•..— 110
Fourth race—One miles four-year-olds and
up; selling:
7641 Hellas (Creely) 101
7743 •Inspector Munro (Fox) 97
7724 'Flaneur (Murray) 106
7740 War Times (Grossheim) .* 97
7734 »Box Elder (Moran) 94
7740 Isabellita (Ronaldaon) 105
(7711) Barrack (Barrett) 110
7786 'Briers (Rowell) T 104
Fifth race—On* and a quarter miles; four
year-olds and up; selling:
7741 Theodora L (Smith) 107
7735 Thorndals (Murry) 109
(7735)Glenarvon (Summers) 109
7741 •Frank Woods (Garden City Stable).. 104
7711 "Miracle II (Hoppas) 104
7746 Langford James (Cotton) 104
7697 Cinnabar (Chappell) 104
7746 'Gin Spray (De Neffe) 104
Sixth raoe—Biz furlongs; three-rear-olds;
puree:
(7731) My Order (Rowell) .... 107
7664 Big Beach (Wilson) _» 110
7712 Squire Johnson (Miller) 110
7728 Salable (Ryan) 103
7686 Bob Ragon (Bummers)...-....... 110
•Apprentice allowance.
GET ON TRAIL
OF A SUSPECT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 18.—The detec
tives of Wells, Fargo & Co. are
hot upon the trail of John A. Limos,
who is suspected of holding up the
Santa Fe train near Daggett on De
cember 5, 1904, and killing Express
Messenger Evan O. Roberts. Limos is
also suspected of being implicated in
other holdups that occurred in Napa
and Mendocino counties some years
ago. The Wells-Fargo agent at Ross
Station notified the main office at San
Francisco yesterday that a man an
swering the description of Limos had
been seen in the vicinity of Ross Val
ley. As Limos was formerly employed
near San Rafael and Is familiar with
the country, the detective department
gave credence to the report and dis
patched Officer White to the scene.
White visited Ross Valley this evening
and Interviewed some of the residents
who had seen the suspect. They were
shown Limos' photograph and were
positive that he was the man seen
Tuesday. Limos is said to have been
attired in fine raiment, but at the resi
dence of R J. Davis he asked the
Chinaman for a coat and something to
eat This was thought strange, as he
carried a heavy coat on his right arm.
He was careful to conceal his hand,
and the supposition is that he carried
a pistol in it ready to use ln case of
an emergency.
White says he does not think that
Limos was implicated ln the Daggett
robbery, but says he Is wanted on
other charges of highway robbery,
Limos Is well known ln Marin County,
having worked here on several ranches.
The last place he was employed was
near Novate Two years ago Limos
was suspected of holding up a stage
near Ukiah, ln Mendocino County.
Sheriff Taylor of Marin and Chief
Thacker of Wells-Fargo were on his
trail for many weeks, but he evaded
capture.
SUES BEE TAYLOR. —Charles B. Naylor,
one of the Original attorney* for Bee Taylor
ln the matter of her uncle's will, yesterday
sued her for 81600 for services rendered. Miss
Taylor created a scene ln Judge Troutt's court
last week by discharging her latest attorney.
Colonel T. F. Barry, who was defending J. D.
Taylor's will against the contest of Miss Tay
lor's aunt.
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALJj ADS.
A BEAUTIFUL .
PARIS PANEL
PHOTOGRAPH .
of Yourself, Taken by tbe
ELITE PHOTOGRAPH
GALLERY,
888 Market Street.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
FLO BOB TAKES
FEATURE EVENT
The Florist Colt Easily
Defeats Bologna and
Blissful at Ascot Park
PADUA NEVER HEADED
Price Fluctuates, but the
Result Is Not in Doubt
Once Barrier Is Sprung
♦
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 18.—Small fields
were the rule at Ascot to-day and fa
vorites were successful in four races.
The others fell to well-played horses.
The fourth race, at a mile and seventy
yards, was the feature of the card, Flo
Bob, the favorite, winning easily from
Bologna, with Blissful third. The lat
ter was backed by many of the players
to win, but ran rather disappointingly.
Padua, opening at 3 to 1, played to 8 to
5, and then receding to 3 to 1, won the
fifth race, leading all the way. Ralph
Young, the favorite, was second and
Brierthorpe third. Weather clear.
Track fast. Summary:
First race, steeplechase. short oourse—
Declmo, 135 (Hughes), 16 to 5, won; Jim.
Bozeman, 140 (Collis), 11 to 6, second; Alle
giance 150 (Fulks), 7 to 5, third. Time, 8:07%.
Colonel Ballantyne and Autumn Tims also ran.
Count Rudolph fell.
Second race, three and a half furlongs—
Father Catcham, 115 (Miller), 8 to 2, won;
S i lver^ ue - 107 < Du *"*n). 7 to 1, second; Doro
thea Fry, 107 (Truebel) 4 to L third. Time,
:42%. Daisy Brouok, Wee Girt and Azuba
also ran.
Third race, on* mils, selling—Mart Gentry,
87 (Morlarity), 1 to 2. won; Del Coronado, 91
(McDanlel), 4 to L, second; Sprlngleaf 85
(Wood), 10 to L third. Tims, 1:42%. Home
bred also ran.
Fourth race, one mil* and seventy yards—
Flo Bob, 107 (Truebel), 4 to 6. won; Bologna,
85 (Wood), 5 to 1, second; Blissful, 102 (Mo-
Danlel), 11 to 5, third. Tims, 1:46%. Bugle
horn also ran.
Fifth race, selling, one and a sixteenth
miles—Padua, 105 (Lynch), 8 to 1. won; Ralph
Young, 101 (McDanlel), 7 to 5, second; Brlar
thorpe, 101 (Perrine), 8 to 1, third. Time,
1:47%. Wenrick and Cloche dOr also ran.
Sixth race, selling, one mile—Potrero Grande
10, (McDanlel), 2 to 1, won; Golden Light, 114
(Toman), 6 to 1, second; Namtor, 117 (Dugan)
11 to 5, third. Time. 1:42%. Anirad. Ben
Lear, Patsy Brown, Huapala and Ed Gulnz
berfc also ran.
SUE JOCKEY CLUB FOR
DAMAGES FOR EJECTMENT
Two Patrons of Oakland Track Al
lege That They Have Been Hu
miliated Several Times.
A difficulty between the New Cali
fornia Jockey Club and two of the pa
trons of its Oakland track Is indicat
ed in two complaints for damages
filed yesterday in the Superior Court
by Attorney Edward J. Hill. Andrew
Daiss demands $2111 90 as a balm for
the indignities and humiliations suf
fered by being ejected from the course
on December 30 and being denied ad
mission on the six succeeding racing
days. Each Instance is made the ba
sis of a separate demand and it is al
leged that the plaintiff had purchased
a ticket and was neither under the in
fluence of liquor, boisterous, nor a
person of objectionable character. The
other suit is by Ed Eckert, who was
thrice denied admission, and he asks
$300 for each refusal. In both cases
the men were ejected by the Pinker
tons under suspicion of having given
the results of the races to the pool
rooms.
STRIKE ENDED
AT FALL RIVER
BOSTON, Jan. 18.—The strike of the
cotton-mill operatives at Fall River,
which affected about 25,000 persons and
has been in progress for six months, to
the great hardship and suffering of the
Fall River people, was Bettled to-day
through the mediation of Governor
William L. Douglas.
The agreement accepted was framed
by the Governor and was submitted to
each side by him when the parties met
to-day. After some discussion in sep
arate rooms the committees returned
to the Governor's office and announced
their acceptance of the proposition, the
full text of which follows:
The strike to be declared off and the op
eratives to return to work at once. All op
eratives to be put to work ln the mill ln
which they were employed when the strike be
gan as fast as possible and no discrimination
to be shown on account of the present strike.
After resumption of work I (Governor Doug
las) will take up and Investigate the matter
of margin and submit to you my conclusion
M to what average margin shall prevail, on '
which the manufacturers are to pay a dividend
of 6 per cent on wages earned from the present
time to AprU 1. 1900.
It is agreed by both parties that the margin
fixed by me shall In no way prejudice future
wage schedules.
The proposition accepted to-day was
practically the same as that which the
Governor presented at last Saturday's
conference and which was not accepted '
then because the manufacturers' com
mittee was not empowered to take the
step.
After the meeting both sides ex
pressed satisfaction over the outcome.
The operatives will begin going back
to work to-morrow.
FALL RIVER, Mass., Jan. 18.—The
news of the settlement of the long- j
pending mill strike was received in this I
city with great enthusiasm. The strike
was directly due to a reduction of 12%
per cent ln wages. The mills had re
duced wages 10 per cent eight months
previously.
The mills affected by the strike have
a' combined capital of $25,000,000, and !
have 2,300,000 spindles. During the,
months the mills were shut down the i
operatives lost nearly $150,000 weekly. I
The aggregate direct losses to all inteiv- i
ests up to to-day Is estimated at fully i
$5,000,000.
Want Railway to Extend Route.
MARYSVILLE, Jan. 18.—Several
prominent residents of Smartsvllle are
negotiating to have the proposed
Grass Valley-Marysvllle Railroad run
via Smartsvllle and through the Ayer
tract. Engineers are now running
lines from the end of the electric car
tracks In Grass Valley to Spenceville
and from the latter place toward
Marysville. This route would leave
Smartsvllle ten miles or more from
the line.
Denies Application for Injunction.
NAPA. Jan. 18.—Judge Crawford
to-day denied the application of the
La France Fire Engine Company for
an injunction to restrain the city from
purchasing an engine from a rival
company. t
NELSON SEEKS
RETURN MATCH
Chicago Boxer Is Anxious
for Another Bout With
Jimmy Britt Next Month
OFFERS TO STOP HIM
Claims the Californian Can
not Stay Twelve Rounds
if Referee Is Impartial
Battling Nelson has returned from
his duck shooting pilgrimage to Gridley
and is already hot on the trail of Jimmy
Britt in quest of a return match. It
was given out that Nelson and Young
Corbett were matched, but the Battling
one denies this.
He feels so sure of his ability to de
feat Britt that he offers to bet $1000
that he can stop the Californian in
twelve rounds. He wants an impartial
referee. Nelson posted $5000 with Harry
Corbett yesterday to bind a match.
Nelson's prospective match with
Young Corbett has not been definitely
arranged. The Chicago man claims
Corbett Is a harder hitter than Britt
and, according to his point of view, a
more dangerous opponent. He also be
lieves Britt the better drawing card,
hence his anxiety to get him into the
ring again.
Britt has invested $30,000 ln a row of
modern fiats on the northwest corner
of Fell and Fillmore streets. Britt's
first professional battle was fought on
February 18, 1902, since which date he
has appeared eleven times in the ring.
This money represents only a part of
his savings during this period.
Ah Wing, the picturesque Chinese
boxer who meets Manuel Torres before
the San Francisco Club in Woodward's
Pavilion to-morrow night, came from
Sacramento yesterday looking like a
mandarin with his flowing suit of blue
silks. With the Chinese came Kid
Christie, who is to box "Brick" Howard
in one of the preliminaries. Wing is
the only full-blooded Mongolian whb
ever took up the boxing game in
earnest and asked no favors of his op
ponents. He has a "cauliflower" ear
that attests the fierceness of his en
counters with the gloves. Manuel
Torres will box Wing.
Joe Carroll beat Tom Sullivan the
only time they met, but it was a close
decision and the loser was handicapped
by the "clean break" rules in vogue.
Sullivan has never been satisfied with
the decision and Carroll has agreed to
"straight" rules to-morrow night In
the wlndup of the show. Five other
bouts are carded as follows: Bob
Cairns vs. Mike Synfy, Harry Riley vs.
Billy Stanton, "Brick" Howard vs. Kid
Christie, George Sanfranson vs. Charlie
Dunn and Denny O'Connell vs. Jim
Bradley.
The initial boxing show of the Haw
thorne Athletic Club will be held in
Woodward's Pavilion on Friday even
ing, the 27th Inst. Manager Al Young
has prepared the following card: Lew
Powell vs. Bob Cairns, 135 pounds,
weigh in at ringside; Billy (Rough
house) McDonald vs. Frank Mayneld,
at 145 pounds; Jim Keegan vs. Pete
Sullivan, 135 pounds; Charles Dunn vs.
Willie Wolf, 133 pounds; George Curran
vs. Young Dempsey, 125 pounds; Harry
Baker vs. Ed Kehoe, 110 pounds, and
Harry Tenny vs. Frank Edwards, 115
pounds. Eddie Smith of Oakland will
referee all contests.
DRINK CAUSES DOWNFALL
OF TREASURER OF A UNION
Andrew Reilly Is Arrested at Stockton
on a Charge of Robbing Hod
carriers' Organization.
STOCKTON, Jan. 18. — Andrew
Reilly, ex-treasurer of the local hod
carriers' union, was arrested this after
noon by Deputy Sheriff McCulloch on
a charge of felony embezzlement, the
complainant being Adam Tichbeln,
who succeeded Reiljy as treasurer. It
is charged that Reilly converted about
$400 to his own use, most of Che money
being spent in drinking.
Body of Murdered Man Is Found.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 18.—Word
was brought here to-night that the de
capitated body of an unknown man
had been found In the woods near
Newtown, a few miles west of this city.
The body had lain where found for
several weeks. Murder Is suspected.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
>•••••••••••••••••••••••#•••••••••••••••••<
A TRUE FRIENDI
#' 111 " HP HE friend wfee cornea to TOUT
1 rtbe f when you are sick and
Ipfcffiß gives you back the health which
Jj| RKfigS you prize 90 m B hl y ls * Uu « friend,
and toW2 rd such a friend you are
H bound to feel gratitude. Mr. James
■ ■ W# Barr of Clov "> Cal., says that he
N ■ will always be a true fnend of mine
I because, after he had suffered for
I years with p * ini in his back and Bcy ~
I eral other troubles, and spent a great
H deal °f money for drugs and the
many so-called remedies for such ail-
II kISIIu 1 ments, I cured him. He says: "I am
US more than pleased with the results of
using your electric belt, for it has
wBBBBBj|M done a great deal more for me than
1 ever ho P*d it would. My back is
entirely cured and I feel like a dif-
* crcnt man now, and thank you a
mil.'^"^ti ' tnou s*nd times (or it. I will recom
... mmmmmaammimmm * mmmW mend it to my friends and do every
thing I can to show them that it is much cheaper in the long run
than taking medicine. I inclose the address of one friend of mine
w i o .; s » Iways doctonng and never gets better. I advised him to get
a belt, but he does not like to pay the price. I showed him that it
was much cheaper to buy a sure cure even if the price was more
than he pays for medicine, because he is buying medicine all the
time, and it amounts to a great deal more than the belt would cost,"
nVZt t* wf*. ?SJ *o»*» tt«t aw aow going wrong to the
?, iook »* 1111 Poor wrecks of humanity tlist are
tileT 22i 011 4rusra—dope that is pamyztojrttelx vital or?
hay » *°* y«»x. without e^Lua^a
pound of strength for the hundreds of dollars wasted. *
t> "E'ectricity is the coming cure all," says the Saturday Evening
!X 1* C WO , r , k tha ,* Ivc been doin * with m y b «l* years proves
that it cures all weakness, nervous and stomach troubles after all
other remedies fail.
Call to-day, or write for my book, which will inspire you to be a
strong man. It tells how I do it. Free if you send this ad.
Hours 9 to 8, Sundays 10 to 1. \
Dr. M. C. McLaughlin, 906 Market st.
•*<>***""• Abov. EUIB , san Franci^cei.
MANAGER PLANS
A BULL FIGHT
Full-Blooded Spanish Tor
eadors to Entertain the
Sports in -Madrid Style
NOT A GORY SPECTACLE
No Picadors, Matadors or
Knives Will Be in Evi
dence at Novel Combat
There will be a grand bullfight in
Woodward's Pavilion on the evening of
the 25th insL So much gore will be fly
ing that the spectators will be unable
to see the ring. The house will be
jammed full of people at $2 a head. The
foregoing is not a Joke, but simply a
dream of Morris Levy's and "Don Senor
Enrico Robles'."
Bills have been distributed announc
ing the approach of the momentous af
fair. Some of Levy's envious rivals in
the general combat business aver that
the Bush-street cars will be running
when a bullfight is promoted ln Wood
ward's Pavilion. Others think Captain
of Police Splllane will not have to take
along an extra large squad to keep the
mad throngs from breaking their necks
trying to put up the $2 for admission.
Secretary Holbrook of the Humane
Society will be on the scene with offi
cers, and if there is the least sign of
cruelty he promises to pinch the entire
outfit of promoters. It appears Robles
visited Holbrook several days ago and
explained that the bullfight would be
a humane affair.
Picadors and matadors will be num
bered with the missing, as will also the
caballos. No sort of a knife will be
exhibited. There will be one toreador,
Don Enrico himself. He will appear in
the ring clad in a picturesque Caatillan
costume, with a beautiful flowing sash.
Then some one will lead in a brindle
yearling from the opposite corner of
the ring. Don Enrico will advance,
valorously waving a section of red flan
nel shirt. After that the interest of the
spectators will be centered ln the
toreador's superhuman efforts to avoid
the deadly charges of the ferocious
beast. It is whispered along the line
that the next event on the programme
will be the mob-murder of the pro
moters.
Meanwhile Don Enrico Is trying to
escape the officers of the law and eats
rubber erasers to make himself agile,
while Levy is feeding the yearling ta
males to make it fierce.
WOMEN MEET AND FORM
A "COMMON SENSE CLUB"
Fair Athletes Are Making Ready to
Equip a Gymnasium in Good
Style.
More than seventy athletically in
clined women, young, middle aged and
old. met last night in Judge Sloss'
courtroom and formed an athletic
club to be known aa the "Women's
Common Sense Club." William Greer
Harrison, president of the Olympic
Club, was the star of the evening and
started proceedings with a speech that
brought forth applause as well as tit
ters and giggles.
Mr. Harrison advised the women to
get together and form a club that
; would be an athletic organization in
] the true sense of the word. He took a
decided stand against social festivi
ties in such a club and Informed the
ladles that as soon aa they went In
for sociability they would put the ath
letic part of the programme out of
commission ln record time. Mr. Har
rison gave the ladles some sound ad
vice ln regard to exercise, gymnasium
work and apparatus and suggested
that they commence on a •mall scale
and begin exercise without the aid of
apparatus.
After a temporary board of direc
tors had been chosen the meeting ad
journed to meet again at tbe call of
| the chair. In the meantime steps will
|be taken for the securing of club
rooms and a start will be made on the
work of fitting them up shortly.
The following board of directors
was appointed* last night: Mrs. A. T.
McGary, Dr. Mary Halton, Mies Claire
Donovan, Miss Eleanor Roberts, Mrs.
Anna M. Kirk, Miss Alice Eagan, Miss
Lillllan Johnson, Miss Bertie Clifford,
j Miss Ray Schwartz, Miss Mary Perls
I and Miss L- Herlnghl.
Tou may be successful and Btm very
poor.MURDER OF MISSIONARIES SOON
TO BE AVENGED.
GERMAN GUNS WILL BOMBARD NEW GUINEA VILLAGES
'.•iTTxe. missionary schooner Carrie and
Ahhje, after a long; and stormy voy
age from Ponapi, Caroline Islands, ar
rived yesterday afternoon, ending a
cruise which began at this port August
2. Captain George Ekren, who com
■ ii l ands the Carrie and Annie, was ac
companied by his wife, who has had
•more than her fill, she says, of cruis
ing: ip Carrie and Annie sized schoon
.ers.- The elements celebrated the new
year by combining in an effort to send
the little schooner to the bottom. She
.shipped many seas and her crew had
to work hard to weather the gale, but
the'litfle craft came through intact.
. During the Carrie and Annie's stay
at Ponapi the German gunboat Condor
arrived there on its way to New
Guinea to avenge the assassination by
cannibal natives of five Catholic priests
and five sisters, who had been working
among Germany's South Sea posses
sions as missionaries. One of the priests
.massacred is said to have been the
oldest missionary in the South Seas.
The Condor was going to call at Yap
. fo-r coal and then proceed to New
. Guinea .and there shoot up a few vil
lages to inspire the savage inhabitants
' w-ith" respect for the Kaiser and rever
. *?nce for the dead missionaries' reli
gion.-'
. . The Carrie and Annie carried from
'.here stores for the missionary stations
:in' the. Carolines. She came home in
-ballast. H. H. Moore of Pittsburg was
.-p.-.'passenger on the Carrie and Annie
for the.round trip.
Kosmos Liner Arrives.
■. •.Ths Kosmos liner Assuan. Captain Faessler,
* tilth • arrived yesterday from Hamburg, has
■probably the best passenger accommodations
■ 'fit any of the German steamships that con
tribut'a ths ■ervice between the Fatherland and
• the-Pacific Slope. She brought fourteen pas
. Sfingsrs to this port and carried many mors
'■ between the porta of South and Central Amer
. 4CS£
' -She mads ten calls in the old and new world
after leaving Hamburg and her cargo is rich
•In variety. It includes woodenware from Ger
• rrrany. gin pickles and buttons from London,
and from South and Central America silver
bull'ron. coffee, cocoa, mahogany logs, rubber
and.- nitrate.
• ..The Assuan n comparatively a new vessel.
•She Jia's made some voyages on the Hamburg-
Uhlle rurj, but this is her first visit to this
' Her sister ship, the Mera, was here a
.few .months ago.
The Assuan's passengers included the fol
lowing: • ■
..- Reichow, W. Smith, John Ness, W.
• 'Murphy. W. Coppel. Mr. and Mrs. Williams,
'tJlnardo Marca. Ricardo Tonrlclnl, Alberto
•Fare, E. Osborn, E. B. Wetenhall and E. B.
.'•Bjhlom..
Melville Dollar's Long Trip.
••'' The steamship Melville Dollar arrived at
• Seattle yesterday in time to prevent the rev
enue cutter Hugh McCulloch sailing in search
qf 'h*r. The coaster was nine days making
■ rlie' run, which she usually makes in four or
..•rive'.' -The Hugh McCulloch has been swinging
i.'fly..to- her anchorage off Sausalito nearly ever
.e'lhee -she returned irom Manila, where she
' was - ' uted by Admiral Dewey as a dispatch
.•boaiY She has made a few leisurely cruises
ii'-nTh .and south, but there has been nothing
.■i- bard work In the lives of the McCulloch's
-ofneers for many months. The revenue cut
r „wus ordered to proceed along the coast in
..S-iiJ-ch > of the missing Melville Dollar, but
i'\ vessel's arrival at her destination before
'the McCulloch was ready to start saved the
".revenue people a nasty trip and the McCul
•t -IVs pleasure-yacht reputation is still un
• snilfedl The officers of the McCulloch, while
..>:lad - lo' iearn of tne Dollar's arrival, were
m rry Xo lose. the opportunity for a cruise, as
•"there is.in the revenue cutter service a lively
•Var'that the Government will sooner or later
• recoglttSS that the service has outlived Its
Ajse/uJnfcSS.
The Overdue List.
' The names of three vessels were added yes
. ,'tecday .to the overdue list and the rate on the
Eti bjrft Rlckmers was advanced to 75 per
■vent.- -The Stork also is quoted at 75 per cent.
"M." A. Newell was advised by cable of the
.lasting" of the British ship Loch Etive. the
Fre'rtch. bark Noeml and the Norwegian ship
jrg They are all quoted at 15 per cent.
The "Loch" Etive is out 131 days from Mel
bourne for the Channel: the Noeml left New
Ca'ied{uija foe Rotterdam 153 days ago, and the
•JV.orge is out 125 days from Geelong for Queens
t'ow'rr. '•
Coronado Has Rough Trip.
,• '.'aptain Potter of the barkentine Coronado,
which arrived yesterday, 18 days from Hono
lulu.'.-reports that for thirteen days he was
battling with southwest and southeast gales.
The ' .n nado's cargo included 21,445 bags of
*u)?ar and 1000 feet of koa wood.
Water Front Notes.
. Ttfe White Star liner Gaelic arrived yester
day at'Hongkong on her farewell voyage from
this port. " In a few days the Gaelic will lower
Xhf "f.a? of the Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship Company, from whose service she passes.
.J.'niess' sold at Hongkong she will proceed from
.tht-'re to England.
" Tfte. toyage of the British ship Inverness
from -this port to Sydney Heads ln 45 days is
■Vie of the smartest passages recorded in some
months'.
" The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner Ala
jheda. Captain Dowdell. which sails Saturday
for Honolulu, returned yesterday from the
t>u£a"r refinery and docked at Pacific street
wharf.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
•Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
•'The 1 British bark Lynton was cleared yes
•trrdaE'for Melbourne via Port Townsend with
428.-173 ft redwood lumber, valued at $11,560.
Chartered for Lumber.
.. The British ship Holt Hill (at Portland) is
Chartered for lumber thence to the west coast
of: South" America for orders (Callao Range),
at-Sss 9d.
Wheat for Europe.
The" French bark Babln Chevaye was cleared
.vtsterday for Queenstown, for orders with
65,610 otls wheat, valued at $97,827, and' 22,000
ft'lumber as dunnage, valued at $320.
A Cargo for Hilo.
. The bark Roderick Dhu sailed yesterday for
'HIIO-With an assorted merchandise cargo val
ued at .130,774 and Including the following:
'. r 42t> bbls flour, 186 ctls wheat, 4160 ctls bar
ley; .110 ctls corn. 99,762 lbs bran, 42.267 lbs
mind-lings, 5140 lbs beans, 905 bales hay
'OG.BOCr lbs rice,' 4000 lbs salt, 3105 gals wine,
•15 'bbls- vinegar. 8100 lbs lard, 12 cs 48 pkgs
•saHrian. 374 cs assorted canned goods, 32 cs
■■table preparations, 48 pkgs groceries and pro
•> IMons.. 305 lbs dried fruit. 1008 lbs chocolate
.Slrllbs butter, U4 pkgs potatoes, 22 pkgs onion s [
;3W.rbs coffee. 6 cs syrup, 2196 lbs codfish. 66
pkgs paste, 4 cs chocolate, 1653 lbs ham and
tvi«o'n.--23 cs baking oowder. 2738 lbs 8 cs
bread. 240 lbs 2 cs tea. 207 pkgs wagon ma
■ terjal, 123,340 lbs fertiliser, 1 cs duck, 22 bxs
.soap. 8 bdls brooms, 486 gals distillate, 16 cs
•oils: "2 cs gasoline, 375 cs coal oil, 50 cs
•■candles. 28 pkgs building material, 24 cs dry
goodE, 5 pkgs bicycles and sundries, 2 cs arms
a o nfl ammunition. 119 bdls 147 bars Iron, 50
bdls Itl'bars steel, 1780 ft hardwood. 12.409 ft
lumber,. 6 cs matches, 10 cs turpentine. 5 cs
psJoU. 4050 lbs soda. 24 carboys acid, 450
.bbA.Mrr.f. 8 cs boots and shoes, i bdls twine,
1 cs huts.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
1 nlted States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
•. Time and Height of High and Low Waters
.at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
• Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
• NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
trie city .front (Mission-street wharf) about 28
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of-tide Is the same at both places. j
' THURSDAY. JANTJART 19.
Usee 7-28
•ste 5:90
' *f • 8:81 a. m.
iTimej
lL~w| rt
Ft
I
>::
2.8 9:18
2.8 10:00
Ii W
4.8 4:58
6.0) 5:4«
6.1 6:87
6.2} 7:82|
4.(5
KOTEV-la the at>ov« eapwtlttoej «c the tttee
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day ln the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are ln
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—)
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. TJ. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San ' Francisco, Cal.,
January IS. 1005.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
butldingWas dropped exactly at noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, V. S. N.. in charge.
Movements of Steamers.
Steamer.
Due,
Jeanle
Cascade
Aurelia
Breakwater..
Peru
Coos Bay
Columbia
Enterprise.... 1
Santa Rosa...
Point Arena..
Del Norte.... i
Montara
South Bay.... 1
Centralla
Coronado I
Redondo
Norwood
Homer
City Puebla...
Manchuria....
Pomona
Eureka
Roanoke
G. Llndauer...
Chehalis
Edith
Sequoia
Arctic
Titania
Nevadan
Sonoma
Santa Cruz
State of Cal...
San Pedro
G W. Elder.
Centennial....
S. Barbara
Pomo
Northland
Corona
San Juan
F. Kilburn
Areata
Umatilla
Queen
Curacao
Rainier
Martrosa
A mas is
Seattle & Tacoma jJan. 19
Humboldt jjan. 19
Portland A Astoria Jan. 19
Coos Bay 'Jan. 19
. New York via Ancon..'Jan. 19
Newport A Way Ports.'Jan. 19
Portland A Astoria Uan. 19
1 Hllo IJan. 19
San Diego A Way Pts. Jan. 19
Mendocino A Pt. Arena Jan. 19
Crescent City jJan. 19
Seattle Jan. 19
■ Grays Harbor Jan. 19
San Pedro [Jan. 20
: Grays Harbor IJan. 20
Portland A Astoria 'Jan. 20
; Seattle I Jan. 21
j Grays Harbor Jan. 21
I Puget Sound Ports Jan. 21
'China & Japan |jan. 21
Humboldt [Jan. 21
I Humboldt Jan. 21
! Portland I Jan. 21
(Grays Harbor 'Jan. 21
Grays Harbor 'Jan. 21
I Nanalmo IJan. 21
IWillaca Harbor 'Jan. 22
Humboldt 'Jan. 22
Oyster Harbor I Jan. 22
Seattle Jan. 23
j Sydney A Way Ports Jan. 23
San Pedro A Way Pts 'Jan. 23
San Diego & Way Pts. | Jan. 23
San Pedro Jan. 23
Portland A Astoria Jan. 24
'Seattle A Tacoma ...JJan. 24
Grays Harbor I Jan. 24
Point Arena A Albion. . Jan. 24
Portland & Astoria jjan. 24
Humboldt |Jan. 24
New York via Ancon. . Jan. 25
Portland & Way Porta.]Jan. 25
Coos Bay A Pt. Orford.i.Tan. 25
Puget Sound Ports Jan. 28
I San Diego A Way Pts. Uan. 28
Mexican Ports Jan. 27
Seattle A Belllngham.. jJan. 27
Tahiti IJan. 28
I Seattle |Jan. 23
TO 8AIL.
Steamer. J Destination. j Salls.J Pier.
Steamer.
S. Monica..
Elizabeth...
State of Cal.
Pomo
S. Bay
C. Nelson...
Corona
Areata
S. Rosa
Jeanle
Coronado...
Centralla...
Breakwater.
Samoa
Point Arena
City Panam-
Neko i
Aurelia
Alameda
Roanoke....
Norwood
Coos Bay...
Columbia... j
Queen I
January 19. | I
S. Monica.. | Grays Harbor J 4 pm'Pier 2
Elizabeth...; Coqullle River 5 pmjPler 20
State of Cal. San Diego A Way. 9 am'Pier 11
Pomo Pt. Arena A Albion 6 pm|Pier 2
S. Bay Los Angeles Ports.) 5 pmjPler 27
C. Nelson... Humboldt I 9 amjPier 20
January SO. I
Corona Humboldt- l:30p'Pler 9
Areata Coos B. A Pt. Orfd 12 ml Pier 13
S. Rosa Puget Sound Porte. 4 pmjPler 9
Jeanle | Seattle A Tacoma 5 pmlPler 20
Coronado... Los Angeles Ports. 10 amIPier 10
Centralla... Graya Harbor 4 pmlPler 10
Breakwater.! Coos Bay direct.... 5 pmjPler 8
Samoa j Los Angeles Ports. 9 am!Pier 2
I January SI.
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pmlPler 2
City Panam. N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 mjPier 40
Neko ( Hamburg & Way..il0 am Pier 19
Aurelia j Astoria & Portland.' 4 pm Pier 27
Alameda Honolulu jll amIPier 7
Roanoke.... Los Angeles Ports. 110 am!Pier 13
Norwood Los Angeles Porta 110 am Pier 2
January S3.
Coos Bay... Newport & Way..! 9 amIPier 11
Columbia... Astoria A Portland 11 amIPier 24
Queen I San Diego A Way.f 9 am'Pier 11
January S3. I I
Pomona 'Humboldt |l:30pjPler 9
San Pedro.. Humboldt I 1 pmlPler 2
Eureka ; Humboldt I 9 am|Pler 18
I January 34. I I
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor 5 pmjPler 2
Northland.. Los Angeles Ports.|l2 m Pier 27
S. Barbara, .j Log Angeles Porta.] 1 pmlPler 2
January 88. I I
Arctic Humboldt I 9 amjPler 2
City Puebla. Puget Sound Porta 11 am Pier 9
Homer Grays Harbor ....|12 m Pier 2
January 88. | I
Nevadan Hono. A Kahulul Pier —
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 20
S. Cruz San Pedro & Way. 9 amjPler 11
January 87. A (
Centennial.. Sea'tle A Tacoma. I 5 pm'Pier 20
G. W. Elder Astoria A Portlandlll am|Pler 24
January 88. ( |
Manchuria.. China & Japan j 1 pmlPler 40
Peru N. T. via Ancon.. 112 mlPler 40
F. Kilburn.. Portland St Way..| 4 pmlPler 27
Pomona 1
San Pedro..
Eureka
O. Llndauer
Northland..
S. Barbara..,
Arctic I
City Puebla.
Homer
Nevadan j
Sequoia |
S. Cruz
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer.
Clara...
son
Valdea A Sewan
Skagway A Way
Skagway A Way
Skagway A Way
na
Ion
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, January 18.
Stmr Alcasar, Wlnkel, 12 hours from Point
Arena,
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 11 sours from Bo wens
Landing.
Stmr Corona, Oislow, SO hours from
j Eureka.
Ger stmr Assuan, Paeasler, 108 days from
Hamburg, via Maiatlan 6 days.
Stmr Prentiss, Ahlstrom, 28 hours from
"Bark Emily F Whitney, Goodman, U days
from Makewell.
Bktn Coronado, Potter. 18 Says from Hono
lulu.
Schr C A Thayer. Pearson, 10 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Carrie and Annie. Ekren, 62 days from
Ponape.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, January 18.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, Ban Di
ego; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Br stmr Crusader, Brown, Belllnsrham; J
J Moore 4s Co.
Br shin Lynton. Jamas, Melbourne; J J
Moors st Co.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1905.
SHIP INVERNESS WHICH MADE
A RECORD RUN FROM THIS
PORT TO SYDNEY HEADS.
Ft bark Babin Chevaye, Robert, Queens
town; E C Evans.
Bark Roderick Dhu, Engalls, Hllo; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Stmr Signal. Bendegard, Coos Bay. with
schr Novelty In tow.
Stmr Lureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Alberts, San Pedro.
Stmr la'jua. Jonreneon, San Pedro.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson, Eureka.
Stmr Phoer.ix, Walters. Eureka.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, Caspar.
Stmr Czarina, Duggan. Coos Bay.
Br stmr Wellington. Cutler. Ladysmith, B C.
Stmr Brooklyn, Carlson. Mendocino.
Fr t-hip Biarritz, Gaundin, Queenstown.
V\ haling bark John and Wlnthrop, Shorey,
whaling voyage.
Schr Novelty, Hoffman, Coos Bay, in tow
of stmr Signal.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Bodega.
Schr W H Dimond. Kcehler, Unga.
Schr Ida McKay. Lehtola. Eureka.
Bark •Roderick Dhu, Engalls, Hllo.
SPOKEN.
Jan 14—Oft Castle Island, etmr Advance,
from New York, for Colon.
Per lark Emily F Whitney, from Makaweli
Jan 18—Jan IS. a m, 40 miles west of Faral
lones, spoke ship Marion Chilcott. from Hono
lulu, for Monterey.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 18, 10 p m—Weather
foggy; wind SE; velocity 20 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE—Arrived Jan 18—6 a m, stmr
Melville Dollar, hence Jan i>; stmr Umatilla,
hence Jan 15.
Sailed Jan 17—Stmr Norwood, for San Fran
cisco. Jan 18 —Stmr City of Puebla. for San
Francisco; stmr Grace Dollar, for Mukilteo.
Sailed Jan 18—Stmr Nevadan, for Tacoma;
stmr Dora, for Valdez.
PORT GAMBLE—Arrived Jan 18—Schr
Camar.o. hence Jan 8; ship Wm H Smith,
hence Dec 22.
Sailed Jan 18 —Br ship Clan Graham, for
Melbourne.
SOUTH BEND—Sailed Jan 18—Stmr Se
quoia, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH—Passed In Jan 18—Schr Mary E
Foster, from Honolulu, for Port piakeley; schr
J M Weatherwax. hence Jan 5 for Bell Ingham;
bktn J M Griffith, from San Pedro, for Port
Hadlock.
Passed in Jan IS—Schr Wllbert L Smith,
from San Pedro, for Vancouver.
ASTORIA—SaiIed Jan 18—Br ship Hamp
ton, for nitrate ports; schr Virginia, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Jan IS—Bktn J L Eviston, from
San Pedro.
MUKILTEO—SaiIed Jan 18—Stmr Robert
Dollar, for San Pedro.
Arrived Jan 18—Stmr Grace Dollar, from
Seat tie
TACOMA —Arrived Jan 18—Stmr Nevadan,
from Seattle.
PORT HADLOCK —Arrived Jan 16—Schr
Alvena from San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR—Sailed Jan 18— Stmr
Chehalis. for San Francisco; stmr G C Lin
dauer for San Francisco; stmr Aberdeen, for
Sen Francisco.
Arrived Jan 18—Schr A J West, from San
Diego: schr Kona, from San Pedro.
PORT HARFORD—SaiIed Jan 18—Stmr
Coos Bay. for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO—Arrived Jan 17—Schr Lucy,
from Umsqua River. Jan 18—Stmr W H
Kruger, hence Jan 16: stmr San Pedro, hence
Jan 16; stmr Alcatraz, from Greenwood.
Sail-id Jan 17—Bktn Retriever, for Port
Hadlock.
SANTA BARBARA—Arrived Jan 18—Stmr
Santa Ursa, from San Diego, and sailed for
San Francisco.
MONTEREY—SaiIed Jan 18—Schr Monterey,
for San Francisco, ln tow of tug Dauntless.
ISLAND PORTS.
MAKAWELI—SaiIed Jan 14—Schr Allen A,
for Eureka.
Arrived Jan 15—Bktn Kokohead. from New
castle Aus, via Honolulu.
HONOLULU—SaiIed Jan 18—Stmr Roee
crans, tor Hl»o.
EASTERN PORTS,
NEW YORK—Sailed Jan 17—Br stmr Ori
zaba, for Colon.
Arrived Jan 18—Stmr Seguranca, from
Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
WALMER —Arrived Jan 10—Br ship Fingal,
from Tyne.
TOPOLOBAMPO—Arrived Jan B—Schr F 8
Redfleld, from Tacoma.
CHEMULPO —Arrived Dec 29—Br stmr
Quito, from Tacoma. Jan 4—Br stmr Inver
ness, from Mcroran.
PUNT A ARENAS—Arrived Jan 14—Br bark
Meteor from Swansea.
CALLaO—Sailed Jan 11—Ger stmr Den
derah. for San Francisco.
POINT LYNUS —Passed Jan 18—Br ship
Greta, hence Aug 31 for Liverpool.
BARRY —Sailed Jsn 17—Ger bark Gudrun,
for Fremantle.
Memoranda.
Psr bktn Coronado, from Honolulu Jan 18—
Had succession of SE and SW gales for thir
teen days.
SEATTLE. Jan 18 —Stmr Melville Dollar,
which arrived this morning, 6 days overdue
from San Francisco, was delayed by heavy
weather; sustained no damage.
Per stmr Empire, from Coos Bay Jan 17—
On Jan 15, off Rogue River, was ln company
with tug L Roscoe, bound from Rogue River
for San Francisco.
Psr schr Carrie and Annie, from ponape
Jan IS—Had succession of SE and SW gales
lasting 14 days; Jan 10, 100 miles west of S F,
experienced very heavy SE gale, flooding fore
castle and cabin and stove in cabin doors.
Left ln port at Ponape missionary steamer
Morning Star.
Per bark Emily F Whitney—Had a succes
sion of SE and SW winds during ths entire
passage. .
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18 —The House Com
mittee on Election of President in conference
to-day favorably reported the bill adding the
Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of
Commerce and Labor to tbe Una of Presidential
succession.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 18—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reporter! for the previous day:
Boston 84-28 Pittsburg —
Chicago 34--"i New Orleans 54-42
Cincinnati 38-22 New York 34-28
Honolulu 72-62 St. Louis 46-34
Jacksonville 68-38 Washington 42-32
Philadelphia 40-30
SAN FRANCISCO 56-50
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same
date last season and rainfall in the last
twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season
Eureka .' 0.10 IN.47 23 21
Red Bluff 0.00 17.58 13.21*
| Sacramento 0.00 10.52 6.02
Kai, Fiancisco 0.33 11.74 6.90
I Fresno 0.00 6.41 1.3*
j Independence 0.00 0.67 0.42
| San Luis Obispo 0.00 7.19 1.68
Los Angeles 0.00 5.06 0.57
San Diego . 0.00 4.67 0.43
STATIONS.
3
2 rs o
H="33 $g
c j: ;
5)
«
So
r»
5*
3
Baker 30.26 38 32 SE Cloudy .00
Carson 80.16 41 24 E Cloudy .00
Eureka 80.02 56 42 SE Cloudy .10
Fresno 30. IB 62 44 SE dourly .00
S B. Farallon.30.<»7 55 53 8 Rain .28
Flagstaff 30.30 42 8 E Cloudy .00
Pocatello 30.36 38 32 NE Cloudy T.
Independence .30.is 54 30 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angeles ..30.22 66 48 W Pt.Cldy .00
Ml. Tamalpais.30.OJ 45 42 SE Rain .37
North Head . 30.04 50 40 E Rain .02
Phoenix 80.22 62 42 NW Clear .02
Point Reyes ..30.02 52 48 SE Rain .58
Portland 30.08 48 34 SE Cloudy .00
Red Bluff ...30.10 52 46 S Cloudy .00
Rrseburg 30.04 44 40 N Rain .02
Sacramento ..30.16 52 42 NE Cloudy .00
Salt Lake ...30.2.8 42 34 S Clear .01
San Francisco.30.14 56 50 S Rain .32
S. L. Obispo. .30.20 58 42 S Cloudy .CO
San Diego ...30.18 64 50 NW Cloudy .00
Seattle 30.10 40 34 SW Cloudy .00
Spokane 30.26 38 34 E Cloudy 02
Ti'tooeh .- 30.02 44 42 E Cloudy T
Walla Walla. .30.24 34 32 S Cloudy .00
Winnemucca ..30.18 48 26 N Cloudy .f'O
Tuma 30.20 66 38 NW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure Is falllne slowly alone the
northern coast and conditions are favorable
for a moderate disturbance along the Cali
fornia coast Thursday.
High southeast winds prevail ofT shore and
southeast storm warnings are displayed from
Sar. Francisco northward.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. January 19:
California, north of Tehachapl—Rain Thurs
day; brisk to high southeast winds.
California, south of Tehachapl— Cloudy and
unsettled weather Thursday, probably rain by
night: fresh south winds.
Nevada—Cloudy, warmer Thursday
San Francisco and vicinity—Rain Thursday
brisk to high south winds.
Loe Angeles and vicinity—Cloudy and un
settled weather Thursday, probably rain by
night: fre?h south winds.
Sacramento—Rain Thursday; brisk to high
south winds.
Fresno—Cloudy Thursday, probably rain*
fresh south winds. A. G. McADrE.
District Forecaster.
" *
OLD SHIP PYRENEES IS
GIVEN AMERICAN REGISTRY
With Her Cargo Burning She Drifts
on Coral Reef, Is Resuscitated and
Rechristened Manga Reva.
American registry was granted yes
terday to the four-masted bark Manga
Reva by Customs Collector Stratton.
The bark is the property of Captain P.
E. Thayer and has a very romantic
h;story. She was formerly the British
ship Pryeriees, built ln Glasgow ln
1891, of steel, and while engaged ln
carrying wheat from Tacoma to Liver- i
pool took fire. The Are became so hot I
that the crew took to the boats and !
abandoned the vessel, which drifted |
upon Manga Reva, a coral island of
the Gambler group in the South Seas,
on December 2, 1900. Captain Thayer
visited the wreck and offered the Brit
ish owners 11250 for her, which was
accepted. Tlee captain succeeded ln
getting her off the reef, brought her
to this port and here sold 1400 tons of
damaged wheat, the proceeds repay
ing the purchase money and the cost
of bringing the craft here.
A large sum of money was spent for
repairs and the ship's name was
changed to Manga Reva, She Is a ves
sel of 2053 tons and is valued at
$150,000.
Grants Spur Track Permits.
The Supervisor*' Street Committee j
yesterday granted permits for spur!
tracks to the Tubbs Cordage Com- I
pany. The tracks will be on Indiana
street, between Twenty-first and
Twenty-second, and to the Illinois Pa- >
clflc Glass Company on Harrison and
Fifteenth streets. The petition of C.
N. Felton for a spur track permit on
Japan street, between Brannan and :
Townsend, was withdrawn, and a pro
test against the same was filed. Ac
tion on the ordering of street work on
Parnassus avenue, between Stanyan
and Wlllard streets, was postponed
one week. A motion that the work be
not recommended until Lotta street Is
improved was not voted on. I
WOULD CANCEL
THE CONTRACT
Board of Works Consider Re
fusal of Yorke Company to
Eepair Bituminous Streets
PERMIT FOR SPUR TRACK
Give United Railroads Priv
ilege to Build Curve at the
Corner of Post and Kearny
The Board of Public Works yester
day resumed consideration of the F. M.
Yorke Company's refusal to repair bi
tuminous pavements. A resolution was
adopted declaring; the contract "for
feited. It is possible that the board will
Itself repair the streets, hiring "day
labor."
F. M. Yorke filed a long communica
tion in which the course of the Finance
Committee in refusing to pay demands
for work done comes ln for a large
share of adverse criticism. The com
pany's president alleges that the un
favorable attitude of the committee
was based on the uncorroborated testi
j mony of one Henry Brantjen, a dis
; charged employe, who had testified
: that the capacity of the plant was ln
-1 adequate to do the work charged for
I repairs in August, which is denied by
| a statement of figures showing that
I the plant was capable of doing more
i than the work charged for. Reference
jis also made to the specifications
' adopted by Phelan's Board of Works,
' which were disregarded on the express
I order of Inspector Boone, relative to
I the filling in of holes exceeding 2*6
' inches ln depth. The letter says, in
part:
When I was assured br the official Inspector
that a strict compliance, ln all cases, with
the specifications would seriously affect the
' durability of repairs, F. M. Yorke & Co. con
sented to the deviation suggested by Inspector
i Boone. For this the company has been un
j Justly and maliciously abused and maligned
by the Finance Committee. Under the eir-
I cumstances, I deem it advisable to notify
your board that if F. M. Yorke & Co. again
I resume the work of repairing the streets they
will insist, in all cases, ut>on a strict and
I absolute adherence to the contract and specl
i flcatlons. If this results '- a poor quality of
i work let the public place the blame upon the
; Finance Committeee. where it belongs.
There is now due F. M. Yorxe & Co. over
$14,000 for work upon the public streets. It is
quite apparent that, regardless of the Justness
I of the demands, the Finance Committee intends
pers.stently to reject all bills presented by the
company. F. M. Yorke & Co. refuse further
|to be made the victims of political and re
. ligious bigotry. They will not resume work
; until they are convinced that they will receive
I honest and fair treatment at the hands of the
' Finance Committee.
The resolution rescinding the con
tract was carried by the votes of Com
missioners Aigeltinger and Maestretti,
on motion of the first named. Commis
sioner Maestretti voted in the negative,
harshly scoring the Supervisors for
their attitude, and saying that he did
not think the board had the legal right
ito abrogate the contract, as he consid
! ered that the Yorke company had acted
!in good faith. The resolution was then
; repealed, as it was not desired to take
; summary action. The board ordered a
j copy of the communication from the
j company to be sent to the Board of
i Supervisors, which was also asked to
I give the Works Board authority to pro
ceed with the repairs of the streets on
its own account. This course will bring
the matter to an issue.
TO PAVE MISSION STREET.
I The board adopted a resolution ask
ing authority from the Supervisors for
the bituminizing and improvement of
Mission street, from Onondaga to Mo
hawk avenues, for which $80,000 has
been set aside in the budget.
The board ordered Holbrook, Merrill
& Stetson to remove its spur track on
Townsend street, between Fifth and
Sixth, or the board would tear it up
on its own account. Although the Su
pervisors grant- " a permit for the spur
the Board of T orks never granted a
permit to tear up the street.
Several property owners appealed to
the board to take steps to pave H
street, the contract for which was
awarded to F. M. Yorke, but was can
celed because the formal authority of
| the Board of Supervisors had not been
first secured. It was said that the
i Yorke company had declared that it
: would begin injunction proceedings if
the contract was awarded to any one
j else, as it had done $3000 worth of work
\ before the contract was abrogated,
j "We have been considering this mat-
I ter with a view of affording some re
■ lief," said Commissioner Maestretti,
i "but the action of the Supervisors has
j put a stop to the work. Bids were mi
i vlted a second time a. d the prices were
jln excess of those made by the Yorke
; company. As some of the work was
i already done there seems to be a legal
defect in the proposals that all the
work was to be performed."
"The property owners and residents
are not blaming this board for the de
lay," said Frank Cornyn. "The Super
visors are held to be responsible for the
cessation of work. The money for the
Improvement has been appropriated
and should be used. We are com
j pelled to walk in a foot of mud on H
street."
GRANTS PERMIT FOR CURVE.
The United Railroads filed a petition
for permission to construct a double
spur track curve at Post and Kearny
streets. This is the point where the
old spur was torn up some months ago I
because no permit had been granted l
therefor. The board adopted a resolu- |
tlon granting the permit, after Man-1
ager Chapman had informed it that the
new spur would be fourteen inches far
ther away from the sidewalk curb than
formerly.
The curve will be seven feet away
from the sidewalk. Maestretti said
that numerous requests had been re
ceived from merchants on Kearny and
other streets that the curve would af- j
ford better traffic facilities ln the down
town district.
A delegation of property owners ob-!
I _ AD V EKTISJb3JLJi]ATS-
If
For Salt by SAN FRANCISCO 6AS & ELECTRIC CO., 415 POST ST.
ADULTERATION
UNDER THE BAN
Health Board Proposes Legis
lation Insuring Pure Food,
Cream, Drugs and Milk
RAGAN SUGGESTS LAWS
Restricts Sale of Carbolic
Acid and Serving of Poi
sonous Illuminating Gas
Health Officer Ragan yesterday pre
pared drafts of resolutions to be pre
sented at the meeting of the Health
Board to-day recommending the enact
■ Wit of legislation prohibiting the sale
of adulterated food, drugs, milk and
cream; prohibiting the sale of carbolic
acid without a physician's prescription
and also making It unlawful for gas
manufacturers to permit poisonous gas
to escape from their mains.
The ordinance on the latter subject is 1
prompted by the fact that there were
seventy-five accidental and sixty-three
suicidal deaths from inhalation of gas
last year. The proposed ordinance pro- j
vides as follows:
No person or firm or corporation, being a '
manufacturer of gas, *or engaged about ths
manufacture thereof, shall permit to escape ;
from any of their works, mains or pipes any
gas dangerous or prejudicial to life or health
or manufacture illuminating gas of such ln- '
gredieuts and quality that in the process of |
burning it any substance which shall escape j
therefrom shall be prejudicial or dangerous to
life and health or fail to use the most ap
prowd or all reasonable means for preventing
the escape of such gas.
UNADULTERATED CREAM.
No cream which is adulterated shall bs
brought into the city and county of San Fran
cisco or held, kept, sold or offered for sale
ln said city and county; nor shall any one
keep for sale or offer for sale In said city any
such cream.
The term cream means the fatty portions of
pure milk which rise to the surface when ths
milk Is left at rest or which are separated by
mechanical means.
The terra adulterate when vied in this seo
tion refers to cream to which any foreign
substance whatever has been added.
Ragan reoommends that the bacteri
ological standard of milk purity be
fixed at 500,000 per cubic centimeter, as
it is in Boston. Out of 500 samples
submitted, the presence of 733,693 bac
teria has been demonstrated, which is
far ln excess of the health require
ments.
Another ordinance provides regula
tions for the sale of drugs and poisons
and prohibits the sale of pure or 95
per cent solution of carbolic acid with
out a physician's prescription. In the
matter of adulterated foods the follow-
ing regulations are recommended, in
cluding a special clause on spirituous
and malt liquors:
The Department of Health of the city and
county of San Francisco shall consider the evi
dence and findings submitted by the United
States Chemist, W. H. Wiley, of the Depart
ment of Agriculture as conclusive in the case
of borax and boracic acid and shall consider
these two chemicals as Ingredients which are
recko.iea as injurious to health.
Spirituous, fermented and malt liquors shall
be deemed adulterated if they shall contain
any rubstance or ingredient not normal or
healthful to exist in spirituous or fermented
or malt liquors or which may be deleterious or
detrimental to health when such liquors are
upt?d as a beveraee.
Confectionery shall be deemed adulterated If
it contains terra alba, barytes, talc, or other
mineral substance or poisonous colors or flavors
or other ingredients deleterious or detrimental
to health.
Excursion to Grand Canyon.
$30 for the round trip, leaving San
Francisco Monday. January 23rd, and
good for ten days return. Tickets good
on California Limited train. Two trains
a day to the Canyon. "El Tovar," the
new hotel, is now open. Now is the time
to see the greatest sight in the world—
the wonderful Grand Canyon of Arizona.
Full information at the Santa Fe office.
641 Market street. •
Health Office Wants New Quarters.
Health Officer Ragan appeared be
fore the Supervisors' Building Com
mittee yesterday and urged that the
office of the Health Board be changed
to the quarters now occupied by the
license office and the room directly
above occupied by the Hastings Law
College be assigned to the Department
of Health and connected with the of
fice by a spiral staircase. Ragan said
the health offices would be made more
compact. The committee decided that
it could not make the changes desired
owing to lack of funds and because
the Hastings Law College uses the room
under an act of the Legislature. The
committee, however, allowed $160 to
make alterations in the chemical lab
oratory.
Pyrography Outfits
And all kinds of artist materials, paints,
brushes, canvas, studies and skins and
wood to burn. We are agents for Win
sor & Newton, makers of the best artist
materials in the world. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
jected to the acceptance of the street
work on Florida street, between Twen
ty-fourth and Twenty-fifth, on the al
leged ground that the pavement is not
even. City Engineer Woodward in
formed the board that he had arranged
with the contractor to put the street in
proper condition.
George Renner, manager of the Dray
men's Association, called attention to
the bad condition of Berry street, be
tween Fourth and Fifth, and the board
agreed to compel the property owners
to repave the block.
The City Engineer was directed to
report on the proposed reduction of the
widths of sidewalks on California
street, from Presidio to Thirty-third
avenue, from nineteen feet to fifteen
feet.
The Civil Service Commission refused
to confirm the temporary appointment
of Carpenters E. Gunderson and W. El- i
llott, because they were not taken from
the eligible list. The commission was
notified that the two men were laid off
last month, and none but civil service
carpenters are employed at present, j
DRIVEN INSANE
BY THE COLD
One Man Loses His Reason,
Another His Life, While
Others Sulfer, in Colorado
TRAIN GANG SNOWBOUND
Attempt to Open a Blocked
Road, but the Supply of
Coal and Water Gives Out
DURANGO, Colo., Jan. 18.—After
fearful sufferings, during which one
man was frozen to death and another
became Insane, the surviving members
of a party that tried to open up the
Bigg Lumber Company's railroad from
Lumberton to El Vado have been res
cued.
A train crew with a gang of shovel -
ers left Lumberton last Wednesday
morning. The road, which follows the
western slope of the continental divide,
was blockaded by snow all the way to
El Vado, thirty-two miles south of
Lumberton. Drifts from three to fif
teen feet deep were ecountered, and the
weather was Intensely The train
reached a point twelve miles south of
Lumberton. when the supply of coal
and water ran out and the entire party
was forced to remain there for forty
eight hours.
Engineer Redmond's feet were frozen
and a number of the shovelera were
frostbitten. Two Mexicans in the party
started to walk to Lumberton. One of
them was frozen to death and the other
was rescued by Indians. He was ter
ribly frozen and had become insane.
The party was finally rescued by a
relief train sent from El Vado. The
road Is still blockaded.
SIGNING OF MUNICIPAL
BONDS IS DELAYED A DAY
Inability of Mayor to Be Present Post
pones Affixing of Signatures of
City Ofneers.
Owing to the inability of Mayor
Schmlts to be present yesterday at the
signing of the municipal bonds in the
City Treasurer's office the proceedings
were postponed until to-day at 10
o'clock. Auditor Baehr, Treasurer
McDougald and Supervisors' Clerk
Fay were ready to go ahead with the
affixing of their signatures to the por
tion of the issue which the banking
syndicate has given notice It desires
to take up on January 20, aggregating
11,474,800. The signing will neces
sarily be slow, as the bonds will have
to be checked and rechecked before
they are turned over to the purchas
ers.
The money paid in will be available
immediately for the purchase of lands
for Mission Park. Golden Gate Park
and Presidio extension, children's
playground and a public library site.
The blank bonds have been awaiting
the signatures of the city officers
named ever since Tuesday. The bank
ing syndicate is desirous of securing
immediate possession of the securi
ties, as the money has been gathered
together to pay for them.
MAN AND WOMAN DISAGREE.—B. M.
Kenworthy, who says he was known as Sam
Miller, yesterday sued Lillian Culver, who
was known as Rose Miller, for a dissolution
of a partnership entered into by them seven
years n ,o and the division of $7260 worth of
real and personal property acquired by them
during that period. The realty consists of a
ranch ln Fresno County and property ln the
town of Fresno of which the defendant Is said
to have taken exclusive possession on Janu
ary 7.
ATiyF^TTSiEMJENTa.
New York
Bostonand
The East
Three fast trains to Chicago via the
Chicago, Union Pacific and North
western Line over the double-track
railway between the Missouri River
and Chicago, connecting at Chicago
with all lines for all points east.
The Best of Everything
These fast trains are most completely
equipped for the safety and comfort
of patrons.
Pullman drawing-room sleeping cars,
buffet smoking and library cars, Book
lover's Library, superb a la carte
dining car service. I
Tickets snd full lnform»f«" m application to
m. &. mrrcxxs, f
General Agent *• a st. gj
•XT Market St.. Baa Francisco.
Perfect-Fit ting
fy Eyeglasses
Ij Af Moderate Cost t;
V 642
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
k S A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA
• tor and Nervine.
Ths most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tha
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS A BRUNE. Agents.
828 Mar hat st., & F.—(Send for Circulate*)
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRJECIIELS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McNAUGHT • Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, SAN FRANCISCO
THURSDAY JANUARY 19, 1905
CHINESE NEUTRALITY.
THE third Russian note respecting Chinese violations of neu- j
trality is on its way to the powers. When it is at hand it may
be compared with the Japanese note and accompanying proofs, j
charging Russian violations of Chinese neutrality. Among these ;•
. . were the use of Chinese territory for a wireless telegraph station ;
for war purposes, violation of the time limit by Russian warships in j
Chinese ports, and a long list of acts in disrespect of the rights of j
China.
The presence on the Chinese frontier of Manchuria of General ,
Ma and his forces was protested by r ßussia at Peking several months ;
ago, and Russia made a set attack on the Peking Government, j
. threatening to consider the protection of her frontier by China a vio
. lation of neutrality! It is believed that at that time China took
counsel of the representatives of other nations and continued her j
frontier guard. In many other ways Russia has seemed to pursue
a policy at Peking designed to nag China into some overt act.
Now she goes to the nations with a complaint, and as far as >
its text is known it is adroitly framed to appeal to those powers ;
.that have, by hook and by crook, acquired a foothold in China. They j
are warned that Japanese influence, spurring the national ambition
of China, endangers these foreign acquisitions. Diplomacy will treat j
all this with politeness, which is a leading element* in international
intercourse. But the Russian note, read between the lines, means |
that as Russia has lost Port Arthur and Dalny and is about to lose
Mukden, she would like some help to get them back by making
the other powers afraid that they will share her fate.
So the note is either an invitation, or the preliminary to an invi
tation, to the other nations to help Russia out of her bad fix. It is an
attempt to occupy the time between the defeats that are meeting
her arms, in transferring the issue back to diplomacy by which she
got her foothold in China. One point in the note that is given spe
cial prominence is that Japan secures contraband of war from China.
So did Russia. Port Arthur was victualed and her armament and
munitions reinforced by contraband from China. The United States
is neutral, but every ship that leaves our Pacific ports carries con
traband either to Japan or Russia. Contracts are now existing in
this country for the shipment of contraband to Vladivostok and to
Yokohama. Does Russia desire to threaten the United States there
for? In all wars there is trade in contraband. The Cuban revolu
tion was armed and fed by contraband from our South Atlantic and
Gulf ports. This contraband trade is at owners' risk. The Govern
ment proclaims against it, and if caught the owners cannot appeal to
their own Government, but must stand the loss.
The situation as far as it affects China was foreseen by Secre
tary Hay. and was safeguarded by his note to the powers. At pres
ent the Chinese general, Ma, and his army, stand on the Chinese side
of the Manchurian border. But Manchuria was a part of the Chinese
empire and was under Chinese administration, until Russia seized it
by force, taking it by actual conquest though there was no war be
tween her and China. The violence and suddenness of this seizure
are of record in the State Department at Washington. W : e had just
made a treaty with China, opening to our commerce two Manchu
rian towns, Kinchow and Mukden. Our Government immediately
appointed Consuls to those towns, but when the Consuls arrived
. they found the towns in possession of Russia and were forbidden
entrance.
Japan has possession of Kinchow and will soon have Mukden.
If she turn them over again to Chinese jurisdiction, they will simply
have been wrested from Russia and put back where they were when
our trer'y was made and our Consuls were appointed. If in like
manner Japan hand over to China all of Manchuria except Port Ar
thur, and General Ma move his army into that territory, will Russia's
complaint be heeded by the powers? That remains to be seen. One
thing is certain, the United States will stand for the integrity of
Chinese jurisdiction within her administrative entity, and will not
regard Chinese jurisdiction over Chinese territory as a violation of
neutrality. Russian diplomacy is not in very high favor just now,
except at a very few of the Continental capitals, and the Czar will
probably end his troubles quicker by going on getting whipped than
by taking an appeal to the diplomatic forum.
Heretofore it has been easy and safe to threaten, browbeat and
rob China, and Russia has indulged in all these. Now Secretary Hay
steps in and by sending a note to China enables her to answer
Russia by answering the United States. The result will be the
complete disproof of every Russian allegation against China, and a
notice to the powers that the neutrality of that empire must be re
spected.
THE good name of the Missouri Legislature was lost in baking
powder. Before some dietetic reformer sought to protect the
purity of the hot biscuits which are a daily article of diet in
that State, the Missouri Legislature was an innocent, care free and
upright body. Then came baking powder legislation with lobby
ists for or against it, and the legislators fell away down. The lob
byists bought them singly and in bunches. They bribed the Lieu
tenant Governor, and when they got through, baking powder had
undone the whole Legislature. In the subsequent proceedings the
Lieutenant Governor ran to sanctuary in the holy city of Chicago,
and others sought safety and repose in Texas. But they were all
brought back and some of them were sent to the penitentiary. Gov
ernor Folk was instrumental in exposing these baking powder
statesmen, and he reveals, now that he is Governor, decided opinions
about lobbyists. He proposes to protect the rural members from
the wiles and temptations and lures of the lobby.
In his inaugural he says that the Governor will require all lob
byists who arrive at the capital to report to him, and make a state
ment of their business. Thereafter they may stay thirty hours and
then must depart. It is said that the Governor's experience in
ging up the baking powder affair proved to him that it takes sixty
hours to overcome the objection of a member to being bribed, and
so he puts a time limit so far below that that he is certain of being
able to pull the Legislature through without scandals.
In his plan there is a suggestion useful to other States, and to
the Tfational Government as well. If a lobbyist is compelled to reg
ister and declare himself, there will not be so many of them.
Tom Watson Is now talking of 1908, snd will in a few years merely shift
the figures to 1812. —Washington Evening Star.
No doubt Admiral Togo thinks it a great shame that the Baltic fleet did
not arrive ln time to make It unanimous.—Baltimore Sun.
»
The original "gold brick" man Is dead. Some one must have told him
how Cassle got "It" with brown paper.—New Tork Herald.
In the case of Tom Lawson it should be noted that his enemies do not
stand around and long for him to write a book.—Chicago News.
»
If this business of indicting United States Senators isn't checked there may
be trouble in getting a quorum In the Seriate.—New Tork World.
A little switch of the old-fashioned kind vigorously applied will do
in Venezuela's case better than the big stick.—Milwaukee Sentinel.
«.
A Brooklyn Judge says a man who dyes his hair is weak-minded. Prob
ably because he does away with the gray matter. —Newport News Times-
Herald.
Announcement that the beef trust is once more defying the law recalls
the saying that "Whom the gods would destroy they first make mad." —New
Tork Herald.
-c
After all. Judge Parker may be quite as happy listening to the troubles
of clients as he would have been listening to the woes of office-seekers.—
Washington Star.
LOBBYISTS IN MISSOURI.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JANUARY 19, 1905.
CHADWICK'S SHRINE
T. BLAIR EATON
"Let me say my rosary to the
real saint," he pleaded.
+
WHEN the two touring cars
stopped ln the shade of some
cork trees and the hampers
were being ransacked for
lunch, Chadwick managed to
convince Miss Norton that the view
from the top of the rocky little hill by
the roadside was well worth the climb.
Together they ascended the winding
footpath that wound Its way up the
hill, and stood on the summit looking
across the brown fields of Tuscany to
the faint blue line of water in the dis
tance.
Close at hand was a clump of stunt
ed olive trees, and beneath the trees
was the shrine of some saint. They had
been on the summit of the hill but a
few minutes when a peasant woman
came toiling up the path, and with
scarcely a glance at the two Ameri
cans knelt before the shrine and began
to mutter rapid prayers while she deft
ly fingered a rosary.
They watched her ln silence; Miss
Norton with a smile of understanding
and quick sympathy, and Chadwick
with that look of sardonic complacency
that men of his type affect In the pres
ence of religious devotions.
Her beads told, the woman shambled
down the Dath again, the bright ker
chief about her head making a moving
bit of color against the brown of the
landscape.
"Her prayers seem to be a sort of
machine-made product," Chadwick ob
served.
The girl shook a finger at him.
"Don't scoff." she said.
Chadwick shrugged his broad shoul
ders.
"I'd hate to be an interpreter of Ital
ian ln celestial realms," said he. "Did
you hear how she reeled them off? I
couldn't make out a word of It."
"I didn't try to understand," said
she. "I was thinking of the pictur
esqueness of It."
"It did have Its color," he admitted,
and pointing to the shrine continued:
"I wonder what saint that is? The
tip of his nose is gone and he seems
rather weather-beaten."
The girl laughed in spite of her ef
forts to maintain a grave expression.
WOMAN IS EXPERT
FARMER AT 76 YEARS
Mary Jane TJlrich, farmer, aged
76. is as spry and active as a girl of
16. When a caller at her home, near
Kokomo, Ind., asked her to pose for a
picture among her farming imple
ments she climbed over a reaper to
reach a corner among the collection.
The TJlrich farm, ten miles south
east of Kokomo, comprises seventy
acres and gives evidence of good hus
bandry.
Mrs. Ulrich's specialty Is hogs. She
has never bought but one herd in the
eighteen years she has pursued her
occupation. She raises a drove tor
the market each year and has never
been troubled with cholera. As a side
Issue Mrs. TJlrich has sold an average
of six hundred pounds of butter a
year and about four hundred chickens
annually.
Mrs. TJlrich came to Tipton County
from Ripley County In December,
1864. She has been a widow eighteen
years. Speaking of her entrance into
agricultural pursuits she says:
"My husband and I lived on a farm.
He devoted most of his time, however,
to plastering and bricklaying. I often
took charge of the farm work and di
rected the hands about the thrashing
machines and clover hullers. I
shucked corn and raked wheat ln the
fields when the old wooden rakes were
ln use. I have always been ln love
with farm life and delighted in watch.,
lng the growth of plant and animal
life. After my husband's death I
took complete charge of affairs."
Mrs. Ulrica. Is entitled to member
ship ln the Daughters of the American
Revolution, her grandfather having
participated in that conflict.
COFFIN AS PANTRY.
Nicholas Sutton, aged Bl years, died
ln Rome, N. T., recently. He lived all
alone, his wife having died eighteen
years ago. In a corner of one of the
rooms stood a coffin which Sutton
made fifteen years ago. In this coffin
he had three shelves, on which he kept
his food, using It for a pantry- The
shelves were taken out of the coffin
and an undertaker prepared it for the
remains of the deceased.
To Modify Pure Food Laws.
The German manufacturers and
shopkeepers are finding the rigid en
forcement of the present pure food laws
very Irksome, even though there is no
attempt at adulteration. Apparently
Germany will have to do as this coun
try has done, first establish exact defi
nitions of products, constituents and
foreign ingredients ror all articles of
food. 4
! "Aren't you ever serious?*' she said
chidingly. "Don't such things ever Im
press you as rather solemn?"
"I confess to an undue sense of the
incongruous," said he. "Still, I think
It applies largely to externals. The
spirit of the thing—lts underlying
meaning—does impress me tremen
dously. I'm very much in sympathy
with these shrines. Indeed, I maintain
one myself."
The girl eyed him narrowly. She was
vainly trying to fathom the import of
his words.
"Where is this' shrine of yours?" she
asked. ,
"Wherever I am," said he.
"Do you ever worship before It?" she
inquired.
"Many times dally," he declared.
"I didn't realize you were ln sym
pathy with anything of the kind," she
observed.
"Didn't you?" he asked cheerfully.
"Well, I've many excellent qualities
as yet undiscovered."
"I'd like to hear about this shrine,"
said she. "A pagan so devout must
certainly appeal to that abnormal
sense of the incongruous you claim
for yourself."
"When I seek my shrine I'm not a
pagan," he declared. "It's not a
shrine like this. It's a mental shrine,
and in it I have placed my patron
saint." j
"What sort of a saint?" she do*
manded with a hint of incredulity in
her voice.
Chadwick looked at her with a de
liberate gaze. He was smiling as he
went on:
"A very gentle saint that any man
might be proud to worship; a saint
with brown hair and dark eyes and
all the beauty and goodness of the
universe stamped on her face; a saint
that is enshrined in the heart of every
honest, right-minded man; in simpler
words, the ideal woman."
The girl looked at him and colored
slightly.
"And that's year vaunted shrine T"
she asked.
He nodded.
♦"It's not as picturesque as this one
here," said she.
"It is to me," he declared. "Any
way, the mere worshiping at the
shrine has made a different man of
me."
She looked across the brown fields.
"Do you say Italian prayers to your
saint?" she asked.
"I'd say good English ones if I
dared," he replied. "Thank goodness,
my saint has not been transplanted to
spiritual abodes as yet. But I only
dare utter ineffectual petitions to her
Image in the shrine."
"Why?" she demanded.
'Tm afraid a direct intercession to
her might result in her discouraging
my worship," said he.
"Perhaps not," she said softly, look
ing toward the blue thread of water.
He took a step toward her, but she
darted past him and began to de
scend the path.
"Come," she called to Mm, "they'll
have lunch ready under the cork
trees."
He ran. down the path and caught
her arm.
"Let me say my rosary to the real
saint," he pleaded. "The image ln
the shrine Is, after all, rather unsatis
factory."
"Perhaps the real saint will be,"
she suggested blushingly.
'Til risk It," he laughed, and arm
in arm they ran down the path to the
cork trees.
(Cdpyright, 1905, by T. C. McClure.)
HIS CHOICE.
An Irishman traveling in Prance was
challenged by a Frenchman to fight a
duel, to which he readily consented,
and suggested shlllelahs as weapons.
"That won't do," said the French
man's second. "As challenged party
you have the right to choose the arms,
but chivalry demands that you should
decide upon a weapon with which
Frenchmen are •familiar."
"Is that so?" replied the Irishman,
coolly. "Very well, we'll fight with
guillotines."
French in England.
The London Graphic says that the
multitude of writers eagerly seeking for
subjects to startle the reading public
with seem to have overlooked a matter
which is continually discussed at every
club and country house, and in many a
dining and drawing room. The influ
ence of France on English morality,
manners, customs and taste during the
past quarter of a century is an im
portant feature of our times.
MINUTE WITH FUN-MAKERS
HARD ON HIM.
Bobby—Say! Have you got a
swell room ?
Mr. Stayslate—Why do you
ask?
Bobby—l heard sister say to
day that she preferred your
room to your company.
LIVES ONLY ON AIR
FOR MORE THAN WEEK
IN SEALED-UP BOTTLE
Papuss in Sealed Bottle.
•
THE Crystal Palace Theater of
Varieties at Leipzig Is attract
ing much attention on account
of Papuss, Its latest novelty.
Papuss is a South American by
birth, who, by sheer strength of will,
or "auto-suggestion" can live on air
for eight days and nights in a glass
case. What Is known of his experi
ment creates astonishment. At first
he lay for a week ln a glass case like
the snow maiden ln the fairy tale,
then he existed on compressed air un
der water in a peculiarly constructed
submarine boat, until at last he came
to his present form of eight-day In
carceration in the original six-sided
bottle-shaped glass house into which
he stepped ln Leipzig. This recep
tacle allows only the smallest move
ment on the part of the hunger artist
inside the glass cage. Papuss has no
comforts to mitigate the peculiar
character of his experiment. He pre
sents a mummified appearance stand
ing all day ln the narrow glass space
In which he can make only the slight
est turning movement. At night a
horizontal position Is allowed. The
demonstration of this new hunger
man differs considerably from that of
the Italians, Merlatti and Succi, and
Dr. Henry Tanner, the American, who
retained their liberty. ~ , «i
Papuss, who seeks to break the
monotony of his imprisonment ln
some measure with cigarette smok
ing, is under strong control. Not only
Is his glass case tied up with cords
and sealed, but It is watched day and
night to render deception impossible.
NEW FISH STORY.
Burgess H. C. Frank tells of his
catching a salmon in the Juniata
River, east of Newport, Pa., that
weighed seven pounds. The fish itself
was a fine specimen, but the most in
teresting part of the story is when the
fish was being cleaned Frank declares
he found a padlock and key ln its
stomach. The lock, so says the bur
gess, is 3% by IVt Inches in size, and
the key, which is two inches long, was
intact in the lock.
MAN GOLFER IN SKIRTS
On a wager of $100 Chester Bliss, son
of William Bliss, president of the Bos
ton and Albany Railroad, and the rec
ognized leader of the younger society
set, donned women's clothing and par
ticipated in a mixed foursomes golf
match at the Court Club at Springfield,
Mass. Bliss entered under the name
of Miss B. Witching of Boston. The
onlookers were unaware of the decep
tion until after the match, when Bliss
retired to the men's dressing-room.
A HINT.
Mrs. Hooligan—Are yez feel
in' well an' sthrong this mornin',
Mrs. O'Rafferty?
Mrs. O'Rafferty—Ol am thot,
Mrs. Hooligan.
Mrs. Hooligan—Then it's a
wonder yes wouldn't return th'
wash tubs yes borrowed yls
tlddy.
THE SMART SET
To-day will the Daughters of the
Confederacy ln every State in the
Union celebratefin fitting fashion the
birthday of their well beloved Robert
E. Lee. In our own city the Albert
Sidney Johnston Chapter will fore
gather at the home of Mrs. Alfred
Hunter Voorhles, California street,
where they will decorate the breasts
of the Confederate veterans with
bronze medals of honor, a token ten
derly treasured by the gallant old
chaps who wore the gray.
In the evening the Jefferson Davis
Chapter, Mrs. Sidney Van Wyck pres
ident, will do honor unto the van
quished, hero. In the auditorium of
the Y. M. C. A. building a feast of
song and story will be offered, which,
like the affair of the afternoon, will
be well attended by the Southern sets
—yes, "sets" is the word, since both
chapters and their friends worship at
different shrines —so very different.
And yet. when all is done and said,
both chapters are doing noble work.
Here's to them and to a truce from
heart to heart, for the men whose
names they bear were at heart men,
of peace.
To-day is a good day to meet in
unity.
• • •
A .smart tea. about which will lin
ger the fragrance of orange blossoms,
will be given to-day by Mrs. Guido
Musto, she who was the pretty Romil
da Sbarboro. In the quaint house on
Van Ness avenue Mrs. Musto, flanked
with her bridal party, will receive
from 4 until 6 o'clock.
• • •
The Sequoia Club, with Charles H.
Lombard as host, enjoyed Its most
successful evening since the hegira to
the Palace Hotel. Three members of
the Italian opera company, Signor and
Signora Polacco and Signor Golls
ciani, were the favored guests. A
programme of music was rendered in
superb style, notably the songs by
Mrs. Logan Tooley-Clarke, which
were given a wealth of expression and
color. The playing of Signor Carlo
Gentile was greatly appreciated.
• • •
It is quite the thing for these happy
gatherings to be followed by supper
parties here and there, and on Tuesday
evening among the dispensers of hos
pitality was William Greer Harrison.
In his party were Mrs. Gerritt Liv
ingstone Lansing, Miss Maren Froe
llch. Mrs. George Colburn, Miss Maye
Colburn, Theodore Wores, Bherrill
Schell.
e«*
Miss Leontlne Blakeman, Miss Marie
Wells and Miss Helen Wagner are a
trio of happy maids who will be hon
ored with special attention next Satur
day. Lucky maids, they! A luncheon
Is to be given them by Mrs. Max
Rothchlld at her home on Devisadero
street.
Mrs. Rothchlld, though not going
about a great deal, is a charming host
ess, and a fine type of Western beauty.
IN THE HEART
OF THE FIRE
From the heart of ths fire does ths
vision rise.
It is good to sit ln the after-glow,
While some one's hand In your big one
lies.
And nobody there to know.
Ah, golden gleaming its many towers,
The palace ye build, ye twain!
Where two shall dwell thro 1 the lovs-lit
hours.
In a golden oastle in Spain.
Who is it laughs ln the dusk behind?
Who lurks in the shadows there?
Will the years that are oemlng to you be
kind.
And the end of the dream be fair?
Ah. boy and girL with the love-lit eyeat
Will the faith and the love remain
When only a crumbling ruin lies—
Tour fallen castle in Spain?
—Sydney Bulletin.
1000 IN THE FAMILY
More than 1000 children, grand
children and great-grandchildren
mourn the death of William Rice, 78
years old. New Bloomfleld, Pa. For
years he had been suffering from a
nervous ailment! Rice was the father
of eleven children. Each child mar
ried, and their fanrfilies increased rap-
Idly. A number of the grandchildren
also married and had big families.
When a count was taken it was
found that the Rice family comprised
more than 1000 persons.
The Initials "M. C. 8.," seen on so
many freight cars, stand for "Master
Car Builders," and refers to standard
measurements of the car and standard
appliances, such as couplers, eto.
AVOIDING TROUBLE.
Katherine—Why is it that lit
tle men usually marry big
women ?
Kidder—l guess the little men
are afraid to break the engage
ments.
SALLY SHARP
Miss Edna Wallace Hopper was the
honored guest at a dinner given last
evening by Dr. and Mrs. Frank E. Ro
dolph.
Those asked to meet the clever act
ress were Mr. and Mrs. W. 8. Leake.
Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Wilson. Mr. and
Mrs. Robert Elliott.
During her stay ln San Francisco
several affairs will be held in honor of
Miss Hopper, whose acquaintance ln
town is large. A chic thing she is. off
the stage as well as on.
• • •
Among the guests at Miss Gertrude
Palmer's luncheon on Tuesday were
Mrs. Ferdinand Stephenson. Mrs.
Henry Foster Dutton. Mrs. William
M. Spencer. Miss Jeanette Hooper,
Miss Jessie Fillmore, Miss Laura
Farnsworth and Miss Gertrude Van
Wyck.
• • •
The Friday Cotillon, under the cap
taincy of Mrs. Tnez Shorb White, will
be initiated on Friday evening, Jan
uary 27, In the ballroom of the Palace
Hotel. There is much excitement
abroad among the lovers of the "light
fantastic," among whom, of course,
are the younger set and some of the
young matrons. As for the older men,
they simply submit.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs. J. de
Barth Shorb, Mrs. James Potter
Langhorne, .Mrs. William Collier and
Mrs. James FolHs are patronesses, all
of whom can be amply depended upon
to give the girls and men a good time.
But why call It the "Friday Cotillon"?
Won't that mix things with genial
Ned Green way's "Friday Night Club"?
• • •
Dr. J. Wilson Shiels was host at a
dinner given to Xavler Martlnes and
Maynard Dixon last evening ln the
red room of the Bohemian Club. Giv
en a clever host and guests endowed
with personality, as are these artist
chaps, and a dinner's a Joy. No mon
ologist Is needed "to keep things go
ing."
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Vail and Mr.
and Mrs. Frank A. Vail will be at
home on Saturday, January 28, from
4 to 6 at Green and Webster streets.
• • •
Miss Olive McCall and John Ran
dolph Hornberger, paymaster, U. 3.
N., were quietly married at the horns
of the Bishop, ln Cavite, last week.
• • •
Mrs. G. W. Starm of East Orange,
New Jersey, announces the engage
ment of her daughter, May Brevoort
Starm, to Lieutenant Hugh Lawson
Walthall, Twenty-fifth Infantry, U. S.
A., of Modesto, California.
• * •
The Bacchus Club, gay disciples of
the Persian poet, gave a banquet in
honor of Carl Gundlach of New York,
at the St. Francis on Saturday even
ing. Roses, violets and ferns were
used ln profusion upon the table,
around which were gathered a merry
batch of Bacchanalians.
IN ANSWER TO
VARIOUS QUERIES
CARNEGIE—H. M., City. Persons
desiring the address of Carnegie or
other rich men will have the came an
swered by mall if the inquiry is ac
companied by a self-addressed and
stamped envelope.
EUCHRE—S. S., Oakland, Cal. In
the game of euchre the rule Is that you
must follow trump whenever you can,
but you are not required to play the
highest trump you have In order to
take the trick unless you want to, pro
vided you have two trump cards.
OTAHEITE APPLE—Subcriber. Ala
meda, Cal. The Otahelte apple Is the
fruit of a handsome tree which Is cul
tivated in the Society and the Friendly
islands. It is of a golden color, has a
flavor like that of a pineapple and
hangs on the tree ln little nodding
bunches.
COCKROACHES—Subscribers, City.
Borax Is said to be one of the best
exterminators of roaches. There la
something peculiar either ln the smell
or touch of borax, which is certain
death to them. Borax has the ad
vantage of being perfectly harmless to
human beings; hence there is no dan
ger from poisoning. The borax should
be pulverized and sprinkled about tbe
places where the pests appear. An
other method Is to make a decotioo
of one ounce of poke root boiled ln
a pint of water until tbe strength m
extracted; mix. tbe deootlcm with mo
lasses and spread It on plates ln the
kitchen, or other apartments whioh
are infected .with these Insects. Paris
green sprinkled around tbe apartments
will also exterminate them, but should
be used with caution, as it is ttt
poisonous.
UNION PACIFIC —Subscriber, City,
iOn November 1. 1897, the Union Pacific
Railroad, under a mortgage (second
lien) held by the United States Govern
ment, was sold ln Omaha, Neb. The
sale Included the buildings and all that
went to operate the system, and the
purchaser was a reorganisation com
mittee (the only bidder), for $53,528,
--532 76, of which $39,883,281 87 was for the
property itself and $13,645,250 89 for the
bonds held In the sinking fund. In ad
dition to these bonds the sinking fund
held ln cash, which rewerted
to the Government, making the total
paid for the property $57,564,932 76. The
following day the first mortgage on the
read, whereby the construction bonds
were secured, was also sold to the reor
ganization committee for $50,637,435,
the minimum bid named as possible.
The amount due the Government was
as follows: Principal of debt, $27,236.
--512; Interest paid by the Government
'up to September 30, 1897, $30,830,886 37;
I interest accrued by September 30 and
j then unpaid. $286,147 68; Interest ac-
I crued ln October, $96,382 66; total due
i the Government, $58,448,028 45. Against
j this were the following credits: Cash
j and bonds in sinking fund. $18,182,-
J 466 53; estimated credits for quarter
j ending September 38 and for October,
• including Government earnings and in
j terest on bonds in sinking fund, amount
then not credited, $384,180 21; total cred
its. $18,565,540 74.
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st.*
Special information supplied daily to
business bouses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 10 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1041. *GREAT PIANIST
TO BE HEARD
AT ALHAMBRA
VLADIMIR DE PACHMANN, FA
MOUB PIANIST. SOON TO RE
HEARD AT THE ALHAMBRA.
' Another successful star will soon ap
pear in this city. It is no less than
Vladimir de Pachmann, one of the
most fascinating pianists and original
interpreters. De Pachmann's playing
.of Chopin music has never been
equaled .by any one but the composer
himself, while as a Schumann player
he is considered as an authority, even
among such artists as Harold Bauer
and Rosenthal. Although a violinist,
he evinced a preference for the piano
at the early age of ten, and also, like
Harold Bauer, shows the early train
ing of a good violinist in his excellent
piano work. De Pachmann's appear
ance in this city will be at the Alham
,'bra Theater, which Manager Green
baum is having arranged with a spe
cial stage in front of the regular stage,
so that the tone and quality of the in
strument will be greatly enhanced, and
;the drafts from the stage eliminated.
'The. dates are Wednesday and Friday
evenings, January 25 and 27. and Sat
urday afternoon, the 28th. Seats are on
sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s for the
series, and on Saturday the sale of sin
gle tickets will commence.
On Thursday, January 27. De Pach
mann will be soloist at the second con
cert of the St. Francis Musical Art So
ciety.
No Recompense for Slander.
The jury in Judge Hunt's court yes
terday decided in favor of the defend
ant in the suit of Theresa Murphy, a
cook, against Charles Harley, her em
ployer, for $25,000 damages for slan
•der. Miss Murphy, who has presided
over the culinary department of sev
eral fashionable homes in the city,
• tooft exception to certain remarks al-
to have been made by Mrs. Har
ley. They were to the effect that Miss"
Murphy, on a certain occasion, had *»
bottle of whisky in her room and that
she.was a thief. One of the witnesses,
Mrs. Lizzie Kerr, formerly Hijrgins,
who was the second girl at the Harley
home, testified that Theresa had of
fered her half of what damages she
might win if she would give evidence
in support of the charges.
NEW YORK. Jan. IS.—At a special meeting
to-night the Leather Belting Manufacturers'
Association resolved to advance the price of
belting 15 per cent.
GRAPE-NUTS.
MUSIC LESSONS
Often Bring on Nervous Troubles if
i In- Food Is Not Right.
; It is curious how the study of music
and piano practice brings on so many
eases of nervous prostration. One would
think that an art so divine would pro-
X-ect'its votaries. Sometimes the food is
.at fault.
. The daughter of a Minister in Al
•oai\y. Wis., when in the midst of her
Studies in music, found herself run
down and approaching nervous pros
tration.
• • "She lost flesh rapidly, appetite dis
appeared, and that distressing sign of
approaching sickness —lassitude and
weariness—was with her steadily."
The Minister—her Father—had her
put on Grape-Nuts, and she began an
improvement immediately. He says:
"Scores of mornings she ate nothing but
Grape-Nuts and cream for breakfast,
ajid improved so rapidly that it was a
.surprise to the family. Now she is in
fine condition, has continued her stud
ies, walks four times a day to school—
three-quarters of a mile each way—
and is a fine specimen of health and
strength."
' The Minister speaks of another young
•girl i years old, who suffered terribly
from chronic indigestion, and was un
abj'e to attend school, a weak, puny lit
fle girl who could not eat any sort of
food without distress.
' Upon the suggestion of the Minister
•slie was put on Grape-Nuts food and
a change began to take place within a
day or two. She is now a healthy, nat
ural girl.
. There's a reason. Every little parti
cle of Grape-Nuts, when examined by
a magnifying glass, shows on the out
side small particles of sugar. This is
riot : ordinary sugar, but Is a peculiar
kind - resulting from the change of
starch Into sugar, which exudes from
the particles during the process of
manufacture. This is called Post
Sugar and is ready for digestion and
assimilation without in any way tax
ing the organs of the body.
• That t* one reason why Grape-Nuts
will rebuild a person quickly. There is
another and even more important rea
son. 'The food contains certain ele
ments selected from wheat and barley
Intended by Nature to be used in re
building the soft gray filling ln the
nerve centers and brain. These ele
ments are phosphate of potash and al
bumen which combine in the human
body to make the soft gray matter re
ferred to.
When the brain and nerves are
properly fed the whole machinery of
the body moves along with strength
and precision. Name given by Postum
Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
GIRL WITNESS
REPEATS STORY
Says Mother Did Not Write
Will and That Grandmoth
er Removed the Property
REPLIES TO QUESTIONS
•
Has Reasons for Believing
That Her Parents Would
Approve of Her Decision
When little Roberta Genevieve Smith
told Judge Kerrigan that she would
rather have her stepmother for a
guardian than her grandmother she
was not expressing a childish whim.
She knew things, and yesterday she
! told them ln court, and there were dra-
I matic consequences -
Not the least Interesting of the many
; revelations made by the 13-year-old
heiress was one in which she related
that her father had told her that he
did not believe that her mother had
made the will, attributed to her. but
that it had been written by the grand
m " er £ t ° The will was shown to the
child and she unhesitatingly declared
that she did not think it was written
in her mother's hand, because the writ
ing "slanted the other way."
Roberta had been called to the stand
by Attorney John A. Wright, repre
senting Mrs. Ella Chamberlain, the
grandmother, who is one of three ap
plicants for letters of guardianship over
the two small children of the late But
ler Smith. The girl and her 2-year-old
brother will share in the combined es
tates of their father and mother, val
ued at about $150,000. On Tuesday the
child had expressed a preference for
her stepmother, Emily May Smith, who
married the father six weeks before
i his death.
i Attorney Wright asked Roberta if
she thought her mother ln heaven
, would approve of her choice asainst
the grandmother. The little maid re
plied that she was sure of it because
her mother had not loved Mrs. Cham
berlain, and had said before she died
that she wished the children would not
be under her influence.
There was a like certainty as to her
idea of her father's wishes. She said
that he had told her that Mrs. Cham
berlain, before leaving their house, had
taken things that did not belong; to her
Mrs. Chamberlain on the stand denied
that she had removed anything that
did not belong to her.
The tiny witness also told of the find
ing of empty whisky flasks under the
mattresses in the room which had been
occupied by her grandmother at the
Smith house.
Another witness, strongly in favor of
the widow's claims, was Rev. J. S.
Thomas of the Howard Presbyterian
Church. He said that Smith had told
him that he needed a wife who could
come into the family and take care
of his children, and he considered his
second marriage as providential.
During the hearing one of Mrs.
Chamberlain's friends, a Mrs. Sudan,
lost control of her discretion and turn
ing to Mrs. Emily May Smith accused
her of having hypnotized the little Kirl.
The hearing will be resumed to-day.
GRAND JURORS INSPECT
SEVERAL SHOWHOUSES
Accompanied by Public Works Com
missioners They Look for Viola
tion- of Fire Ordinance.
Foreman Andrews and E. J. Bowes
of the Grand Jury and the members
of the Board of Public Works yester
day resumed their inspection of show
houses to learn whether the fire ordi
nance was being complied with. The
theaters visited were the California,
the Alcazar, Fischer's and the Bel
vedere. The Oberon and La Boheme
concert halls were also called upon.
Architect Newton J. Tharp conducted
the inspection, dictating his observa
tions to a stenographer. After his re
port has been prepared the Grand
Jury committee and the Board of Pub
lic Works will hold a conference as to
what steps shall be taken to enforce
r. more strict observance of the law.
At almost every show place viola
tions of the ordinance were found, some
of minor importance, others of a grave
character. There is some question as
to whether the ordinance shall be
made to apply to the concert halls,
none of which has made any attempt
to comply with its provisions-
Public Works Commissioner Maes
tretti took exception to the manner in
which the jurors were conducting the
investigation and after the California
had been visited he abruptly left the
party. He and Juror Bowes had a
few sharp words over the matter.
Two more vaudeville houses applied
to the Superior Court yesterday for in
junctions to prevent the Board of
Public Works and Chief of Police
Wittman from closing their doors. At
torney H. C. McPike filed the com
plaint for the Novelty Theater, which
succeeded the old Hill's Theater and
Palm Concert Hall at 104 Powell
street. It is declared that necessary
repairs to conform to the fire ordi
nance have been made. The Mission
Amusement Company, which opened
about six weeks ago at Mission and
Twenty-second streets, had a longer
tale of woe. It declared that it has a
model theater, with more exits than
larger houses, and that the construc
tion was approved with the exception
of certain minor details, which have
since been remedied. The place has,
it Is said, been commended by the Fire
Department, but the Board of Works
refuses to issue a permit and the Chief
of Police has threatened to close the
house.
FRANK JORDAN RETURNS
FROM FIRST TRIP EAST
Supreme Court Clerk Has Enjoyable
Time Beyond Sierras, but Is
Glad He Is Back.
Frank C. Jordan, clerk of the Bu
' preme Court, agent for voting ma
chines and the most prominent heated
atmosphere and "glad hand" artist in
all the Golden West, returned yester- ;
day with the rainstorm from his first
trip East. "California for your Uncle
Willie," was his greeting along the
line. He went to the Atlantic coast
as the guest of the people for whom
he sells voting machines. He returns
with his pockets full of holdover Ha
vanas, the memory of many a lurid
celebration of the Indivisible bond ex
isting between the North and the
South and the •Bast and the West, to
gether with an agency for a barroom
contrivance which "takes your picture
for a nickel In a minute and a half
while you stand on it."
In Denver he saw Market street and
the mineral exhibit ln the Capitol. In
Chicago he saw Clark street and
nursed his head during the rest of his
stay. In New Tork he saw the Bow
ery, the subway and the Grant mon
ument. In Boston he stopped at the
Hotel Italy and made a valorous
moonlight charge up Bunker Hill. In
other cities he saw other things, about
which he will tell the elect when he
gets opportunity.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,. JANUARY 19, 1905.
TRIBUNE STAFF
AS SATIRISTS
IS6UE SPRIGHTLY PUBLICATION
Chicago Newspaper Men Give Good
Advice to Novices.
The inner workings of a newspaper
j office, and the troubles of the men who
! sacrifice their nerves and their diges
! tion to feed a hungry public with the
! news of the world are extensively treat-'
ed in the Little Tribune, a magazine
written by the staff of the Chicago
Tribune.
j Roseate Ideas that the young aspir
! ant holds in regard to the profession
i are dispelled by the men who know.
Newspaper men are always ready to
execrate their work.
Gaze upon this picture of a newspa
per man's life:
After hastily gathering the "particular*"
' for a three-column article on the life of the
distinguished citizen, the new reporter waa
once more cosily ensconced ln his private of
fice. Before he could compose himself to dic
tate to his beautiful stenographer a rap was
heard upon the door and the office boy ap
: peared in uniform bearing a card.
> "Senator S. has been waiting an hour to
I see you sir."
■ "O tell him to come ln. I'll hold the story
for the city edition, Carrie," and the beau
tiful stenographer, casting one lingering look
behind, deuarted. f
, "Oh, it's you. Senator. I haven't seen you
since we. put that ticket through the Spring
i field convention."
The Senator Invited him to Join a party of
Congressmen and Judges who were going to
sit down at a banquet at the Auditorium.
"Just wait till I put on my dress suit,"
said the reporter, "and I'll be with you ln
a Jiffy. Make yourself at home. Here's all the
latest magazines and the cigars."
The new reporter appeared a moment later.
Immaculate ln black and white, for he kept
his evening clothes for such assignments as
might take him Into the domiciles of the money
kings and society lords.
"Jimmy," he said, "telephone over to the
Garrlck and ask them to reserve a box for
me to-morrow night, and wait," he eald, slip
ping a quarter into the boy's delighted hand,
"Just tell them It's for me, you know."
The office boy's answer startled the new re
porter.
"Hey, dere, youse. Wake up! Beck wants
; you. lire's a guy croaked out on Sixty-fifth
and Halsted."
It was 11 o'clock at night. T* new re
porter started up and rubbed his eyes. "Say.
can you lend me a quarter, old man?" he
asked.
There is nothing fanciful ln that
awakening. Before Lawson created the
expression "frenzied finance" the news
paper man knew what it meant. The
staff of the first periodical experienced
the feeling of "awful brokeness." In
Goldsmith's time, and before, the news
paper man was a frenzied financier.
The advice contained in the letter
from a made-over reporter to his
younger brother is not altogether sat
irical. Any Journalist who has grad
uated from a cub to an all-around man
can tell where the jest is and where
the truth is. It runs thus:
Dear Jack: Come to Chi.'oco if yjii want
to. You say you are always fretting down
home because no one can teach you anything
mere about newspaper work. Tou'll find a lot
here who can
Better try the City Press first. It's a train
ing school for reporters. If you can stick It
out there a year or two without quitting to
a bread wagon you'll worry along. All
edllor* here pass embryo Journalists along to
the City Press, where they get $S a week and
\aluable advice.
You'll learn where the expensive cafes ere
and keep away from them. You'll find places
wborj you can get a fair meal for a nickel.
Then when you get famous you can write »,p
your experiences for the Workers' Magazine
for Cbristmat. money.
Unless you are determined to throttle the
world ln a pleasant, gentlemanly way, you
have nr business coming here. It's all "tght
tj have Ideals and a good bunch of Imagl'ia
tlon. You can wrap them up carefully end
put them away until you get ready to us-e
them. It's Just a game, that's ail, and the
only way to ple.y it is to keep up a stiff blv-tt
and laugh, no matter what happens. They
say laughing makes you grow fat. All my
clothes are getting tight. Only don't bluff too
much, unless you have the goods, or you will
get called.
It's Just as bad to have a poor opinion of
yourself. You say you've written so much
you've written out. There's nothing ln that.
There's a little old man here, who looks like
a country editor, whose paragraphs are copied
all over the United States. They are frjsh,
fragrant and buoyant, and he's be«n doing
them for thirty-five years.
You'll learn a lot about style after you have
had a few rounds with the copy desk. Ths
copy readers will take your story, cut all the
paragraphs apnrt with a pair of scissors and
shuffle them up for a new deal. This is dons
to correct hopscotching and improve the story,
end Eometlmes It does.
A good cony reader with a bad liver can
save his office several hundred dollars a year
in retxirters' salaries. Just as a reporter, is
beginning to think he is making good and has
made up his mind to tease the C. E. for a
raise of salary the good copy reader, anxious
to earn his salary, will get hold of that re
porter's stuff and switch It around so much
that th e reporter will wonder whether h«
worked that day.
Some reporters try to "fix" the desk but
they nearly always loan money to the wrong
copy readers.
There'll be days when, to relieve your pent
up feelings, you will feel like kicking a -nice.
new, shiny, black coal bucket around the city
room till it hasn't any more varnish on It.
I've known reporters to call up sixteen Al
dermen on a Sunday afternoon for two cheap
interviews. About the only consolation you
will have on a Sunday Is ths comic supple
ment.
Save your money, get together all the nerve
you can and come on.
We are not told whether the aspirant
decided to "throttle the word in a
pleasant, gentlemanly sort of way" or
not. But any man who has to match
his intelligence with the learned and
outwit the shrewdest in the daily rou^
+ +
PEYTON COMPANY CHARGES
TRUST WITH BAD FAITH
An answer was made .yesterday by
the Peyton Chemical Company to the
application of the L E. DuPont de
Nemours Powder Company, otherwise
the powder trust, for a writ of man
date compelling the chemical com
pany to permit an inspection of Its
books by an agent of the trust. The
answer pleads first that the plaintiff is
a New Jersey corporation doing busi
ness in California without having
complied with the laws requiring the
filing of. its articles of incorporation
in this State and county and there
fore is not entitled to maintain an ac
tion in the courts.
Then it is declared that- the powder
monopoly seeks an inspection of the
books for the purpose of acquiring In
formation to be used for the injury
of the corporation and Its business;
that it desires to acquire the secrets
of the business for the purpose of ex
posing them to business rivals and
that the secrets, if gained, will be used
in harassing the chemical company
into meeting the demand that its con
tiol be given over to the DuPont
company.
A New Art Gallery.
Our new art room scored a great sue- ■
cess during the holiday season and we
still have an immense variety of good
things attractively displayed in the i
handsomest picture room this side of.
New York City. Inspection cordially in
vited. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market St.*
Photo-Engraver Bankrupt.
William H. Tenney, photo-engraver,
of San Francisco, illed a petition in in
eolvency yesterday ln the United States
District Court. He owes $306 and has
no assets. He took the pauper's oath
to avoid the clerlrs fees.
Change that sallow, pimply face to s
clear, clean one by using; Lash's Bitters.*
tine of newspaper work knows that
there is more wisdom than satire In the
letter.
There is much in the Little Tribune
that only the initiatecf can understand,
as, for example, the following:
The printer set his speckled hen
Upon a dozen eggs;
She sight he witnessed than
Quite took htm oft his legs.
"A dozen eggs I nut her on,"
He cried, "and I've gained six.
For now the setting time is gone
And she's batched eighteen chicks."
He mused upon it for awhile.
And then he said, 'Til b«t
I've got the reason," with a smile—
"The hen was overset."
Any night editor knows what that
means, but will hardly consider lt a
jesting matter.
The linotype machine inspires one of
the old school to hark back in tones of
regret:
These days we have the linotype.
Which casts us measures thin or thick;
We have no man who puffs his pipe
In unison with rapid click
Of type that clatters ln his stick
The while he scans his smudgy take.
We have no thumbs that feel the nick.
Nor pi that father used to make.
W e have no printers ot the stripe
That Used to brag of fingers quick.
Or swore when by some reckless swipe
Or by some careless, thoughtless trick
They gave the standing type a flick
That held destruction in Its wake.
We have no foreman choleric,
Nor pt like father used to make.
No tramp, whose nose is red and ripe,
Comes In at manuscript to kick.
And puzzledly his brow to wipe.
While from the copy he will pick
The words and say: "This makes me sick!"
Machines have followed ln his wake.
That do the work like laying briek —
No pi like father used to make.
L'ENVOI.
Prince Progress holds us ln his gripe.
Give us again for old time's sake
A surcease from the linotype
And d 1 like father used to make.
The editorial writer, the real voice of
the press, does not escape a bit of sat
ire. This is what he is supposed to say
!in his sleep after a heavy day's work:
LisUn to me. I am the editorial. In the
! columns of the Brobdingnagian Tribune I tell
the people what's what. I make 'em sit dp.
I I am the ' War During the Week" and in
i lurid paragraphs I paint the grim havoc of
I the combat where the shells go bang. I am
I "The Business Situation." I am the terror
Ito the trusts and when I roar the frenzied
■ financiers of Wall street go hide.
When I begin to shout their stocks go biff.
I I assist Roosevelt ln building the navy. Be
| ware, you Congressmen who dare vote to
cut down the navy for the sake of getting a
' meaaley little Federal building for your Jerk
water Town.
Sometimes I murmur in a "Flow Gently,
Sweet Afton" sort of tune and then look out,
for in the next column I may make the
earth tremble, while kings quake and the
hoary old globe gets scared and thinks it's
going to everlasting smash.
The magazine was published at a
dinner held by the staff of the Chicago
Tribune on January 1 and read during
the evening.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.—The House Com
mittee on Interstate and Foreign Commerce
to-day authorized a favorable report on a bill
appropriating $111,000 for a lighthouse on
Midway Island.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Jjflr Master
JF Piano
W Plays 88 individual notes,
the entire keyboard of the
piano*
The largest number of
notes covered by any other
player is 65.
This master instrument
1 may be seen and heard on
1 our second floor*
% 16.0Tarrell5UX I
San'ox fllflmtdo Frvinc X *
No Breakfast Table
complete without
EPPS'S
The Cream of Cocoas.
COCOA
The Moat Nutritious
and Economical.
SHERWOOD * SHERWOOD. Pacific Coast Acta
Children pass their cups for more of
the delicious bouillon made with
Liebig Company's
Extract of Beef
It's as good for everybody as for the
youngsters.
This is the bin* /H 1
•Hrnatsre on _
every label of Jr4 *
the genome: gJ m€
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
833 MARKET ST., OPP. MASON
AH Musical Goods at Lowest Frlces
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Increase Your Income
|H|pp; Present
' come? Few men are, and the daily ySS! ju^wAy^^
ot greater value in your particular
line of work. It is the well edu
gated, well informed, well posted man of to-day who enjoys the largest income and makes
the greatest success cf life.
There is no better way of adding to your store of knowledge than by a course of
j study with the New Werner 20th Century edition of the Encyclopedia Britannica—it is
a library in itself, and combines within the covers of its thirty-one massive volumes all
that is best in the world of art, literature, science, history, agriculture, mechanics, engi
neering, chemistry, materia merhca and every known branch of study.
THE NEW WERNER 20TH CENTUR.Y
ENCYCLOPEDIA BRITANNICA
now coming off the press has been brought right down to date, and by a special arrangement
with the publishers we are enabled, for a short time, to offer a limited number of sets at 50 per cent
discount. In addition to the great saving thus effected, and to place it within the reach of every ambi
tious man and woman, we will let you have the complete set of thirty-one volumes right in your home
for $1.00 down and ten cents a day.
Think for a moment what this means. Compare the slight cost and the wonderful conven
ience of having this enormous fund of information right at your elbow, without the expense you
would incur if you went to college, while the training it will give you is the finest, and the
ties who will teach you are the most reliable in the wide world. S ,y
$1.00 Secures a Set* \ /W"™
But our special offer at 50 per cent discount is limited. You must be prompt to be sure Jr&Jr The
of a set of this great library before the inevitable advance in price. By our American
payment plan you can obtain an entire set of thirty-one volumes on the payment f Newspaper
of one dollar, and the remainder can be paid at the rate of ten cents a day Association
• 1 for a short time. Cut out the In- 47»-«e parrott
OI P QUiry CoUP ° n End mail lt t0 US ,^oy / p leaB^Bend San frio nCI " CO "
DOOlxCvlSw lVrCv NOW—While you are looking S to me) sample pages and
___ , , . . ~ X / particulars of your New Wer
-1 at It—and let US tell you more XcVn.-r Twentieth Century Edition
1 1 .«• ..—.-u.ku W. .N/Encyclopedia Britannic* offer.
We have on hand a small number aDOUt tnis remaricaDie dook jCj / (Bookcase Coupon.)
of attractive bookcases, made espe- harc-ain The counon M•/
daily to hold a set, of this Britannica. Bargain. me coupon * .-/Name
These bookcases will be given free of brines attractive sam- X• /
a charge to readers who respond f// street
promptly to this advertisement. Mail pie pages and full f ,•/
the coupon at once. f *Jr Town State
___ particulars. f // BAH rXAKCISCO CALL bureau.
. AMUSEMENTS.
DE PACHMANN
THE RUSSIAN PIANIST. '
SEASON TICKETS—S4. $3 50. $2 25—NO\V
SEALING.
SINGLE SEATS—S2. $1 50, $I— READY SAT
URDAY.
CONCERTS ALHAMBRA THEATER,
WEDNESDAY AND FRIDAY. JAN. 25-27.
SATURDAY MATINEE. JANUARY 28.
SPECIAL CHOPIN NIGHT, %2 50.
ST. FRANCIS HOTEL. JANUARY 26.
Complete programmes box office, Sher
man. Clay & Co. "a. cor. Sutter and Kearny sts.
Hbtore
§;'"..,.••• And iilS IT-'U'!! V-M
m\ Mmc Rarlll. Soprano Solist
WEEK COMMENCING
0 MONDAY, jant-.aio :;o.
i 'rniieirTlr MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
Seats $1 76c ami 50c.
Ready Monday.
COLUMBIA STSS
THIS I EVERY | NEXT
WEEK I HXCrHT I WEEK
Frank McKee
Presents
EDNA
WALLACE
HOPPER
—IN—
A I A ] CAPTAIN
COUNTBT DOUBLE JATUARY
MOUSE, BILL. | By
By Arthur Law. | Augustus Barret.
GRAND SS5i
MATINEE SATURDAY
THIS WEEK AND NEXT.
Another Brillicnt uccess
JOHN C. FISHER'S STUPENDOUS MU
SICAL PRODUCTION,
THE
SILVER SLIPPER
(By the Authors of Florodora.)
SEE THE WHIRLWIND ENGLISH
GIRLS in the CHAMPAGNE DANCE.
PRICES—2Sc, 50c, 75c, SI.OO
MCI! j£& flaciig!
Hew jtfJi Jockey
California yP*' Club
OAKLAND TRACK.
Racing every week day, rain or shine.
Race* start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Llssak Handicap. $8000 Added, to Be Ban
Saturday, Jan. 21.
For special trains stopping at the track take
8 p Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00,
12-30 1:00, 1:30 or 2:00. Returning trains
leave'the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and Im
mediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, President.
PERCY W TRKAT. Roc.retair
AMTSEMEXTS.
A RIGHT ROYAL SHOW.
The 10 NELSONS;
4 Musical Avolos; Clifford and Burke;
i CRESSY AND DAYNE, i
Presenting "THE HEW DEPOT,*' and
Orpheum Motion Pictures, Showing
"The Trials and Troutoles of aa Auto- j
mobllist."
Last Times of Eleanor Talke: Chassino;
K. V. Fit-Mrerald. and Kine and Got
t:.icld. _ .
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thursday,
Saturday and Sunday.
Prices—loc. 25c and 50c.
, CALIFORNIA
lEdwardI Edward Ackerman. "Lessee and Mgr. ■
GREATEST OF THEM ALL! gj
The Famous and Original
MR. JOSfcPli J
MURPHY
I The Legitimate Irish Comedian in His _
Great Irish Play.
THE KERRY GOW I
Twenty-eight Tears of Never-fallinC a
Su cress.
NEXT WEEK —MR. MURPHY IN ■
— "SHAUN RHUS." Jm
agggg i mm mm*-**
ilifflVOLlffllE
GRAND
OPERA
• IN ITALIAN.
RESERVED SEATS NOW SELLING.
PRICES—S2. $1 50. $1. 50c.
TO-NIGHT, "TRAVIATA." with Tetraszinl
as Violetta: Friday. "MANON." with Berlindi
as Manon; Saturday Mattre , "LUCIA." with
Tetrazzini as Lucia: Saturday Night, "CAVAL.
: LEKIA RUSTICANA" and "IVAGLIACCI," j
: with Berlindi as Santuzxa and Nedda; Sunday
j Night, "RIQOLETTO." ;
[■I IYD IP UAI I Direction
fsj LIU IV n/*LL| Will Greenbanm
■ BURTON HOLMES
I TO-NIGHT mlttsw «t 8:15
| "JAPAN"
B Saturday Mat. "JAPAN"
■ fpsSlf BT '* "IRELAND"
■ Reserved Seata At SHERMAN.
■ $1.00. 75c fc 50c CLAY tt CO. S.
H CHILDREN AT SATURDAY MATINEE
mm r.oc to all parts of the house.
i
THE WEEKLY CALL
Si T»«»" Year.
* AMUSEMENTS.
CENTRAL-MS-
Market Street, near Eighth; Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT—ALL WEEK —Mats.Sat. and Sun.
"THE SEASON'S HIT."
A WORKING
GIRL'S WRONGS
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT.
January 23—ONE WEEK ONLY.
' Positively the Greatest of All Biblical Plays,
JERUSALEM—THE HOLY pjj
■ PRICES—Eve., 10c to 50c; Mats., 10c, 15c, 25c.
- *I A r~W A Ts Belasco A Mayer.
ALCAZAR FrtsZ
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT—THIS WEEK.
Clyde Fitch's Great Comedy,
THE GIRL
" D int JUDGE
First Time Here of Annie Russell's Stellar
Success.
Evgs., 25e to 75c.; Mats. Sat. A Sun., 25c to 50c.
! SPECIAL MATINEE of Ibsen's Masterpiece.
t * HIO ~ i &*
WEDNESDAY, January 25—LILLIAN LAW
RENCE and HARRY MESTAYER.
NEXT MONDAY—Great Production,
ME CONQoEROKS
Hlsrh-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening- in the Heated Theater.
TO-NIGHT: ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN
DISPLAY.
AND
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE. f
CONCLUDING WITH
A LADIES' WOOD-SAWING OOHTEST.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE JOHNS J OWN rLOOD
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN 50
When Phoning Ask for 'The Chutes."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS
FISCHER'S THEATER.
STRONG BILL AND EACH AND
EVERY ACT A FEATURE.
Don't Kiss Mine. ZisXa Fire Dance
IItISCELLANEOPS.
Pfllarp 00NT rA,L T0
gaIQSAS tee th« beautiful
« COURT Lounging
flflil room? the EMPIRE
aUU PhRLOR, the
1 rt * PALM ROOM, the
liranfl LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU IoR, and the LA
v . , DIES* WRITING
HfttelS ROOM-
910
FREE—A Beautiful Paris Panel Photograph of Yourself
THB^GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN McNAUGHT Manager
W. J. MARTIN.~.. . Bta^ess^Manajßer
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con
nect Tou With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 78
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 6 Cts.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
Order):
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday), 1 year. ..SB.OO
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday), 6 mos 4.00
DAILY CALL—By Single Month ?6c
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2.60
•WEEKLY CALL, 1 Year I°°
FOREIGN f Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
■i Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. DaUy f 8 go Per year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re
quested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change of ad
dress should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS ln order to insure a
prompt anc'. correct compliance with their re
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE.
2148 Center Street Telephone North T7
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Pest Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano, 31
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
• Sherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer Hou*»e.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Marquette Building.
(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2618.")
NEW YORK* REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 TTibune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night ln trie year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IMS Market street, oppesite Fifth; open until
H P m.
•27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
l»:30 p. ni.
SW Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister open until 9:30 p. m.
1515 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
10P6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Chunh and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
22C<> Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
A SPECIAIi meeting of Yerba |— I
Buena Charter No. 1. Rose Croix, [ I
A. anU A. Scottish Rite of Free- j IMF""}
rnasonrv. will he held Inf Chapter 9
. Hall, Masonic Temple, on THURS- R
DAY' EVENING, January 1!). 1905, \\
at 730 o'clock. Degrees 16 and 17. |_|
Visiting brethren cordially invited.
HENRY Bt'RNER, Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R A M. — B
" Stated meeting THIS (THi RSDAY) VY
EVENING. Installation of officers. /V\
By order of the H. P.
JOHN R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. *
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. January 19, at 7:30
o'clock. First degree.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Ixjdge No. 120, f. and A. J»
M.—Special meeting THIS (THURS-"*V_ r
■ DAY) EVENING, at 7:.'!0 o'clock ./V\
Third decree. Master Masons cor
dially invited. By order of the W. M
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212. B
F. and A. M.. meets THIS 'THI'RS-Vv
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock.
Third Degree. Master Masons cor
dially invited. By order
' \vm. Mcdonald, w. m.
DORIC Lodce No. 216. F. and A. M.— a
Third degree THIS (THURSDAY) VY
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Master Ma- 'VS
sons cordlallv invited. By order of the
Wor, Master. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
PACIFIC Lodre No 155, 1 O. O.
r.—lnitiation THIS OH t' IL< ■
sharp. Visiting brothers cordially
invited. E. V. CULVER N. G.
HOWARD W. JENSEN. Rec. 'Sec.
CROATIAN Benevolr-nt S. ■ :-t\ 7,v0- 'ZtStZ~~
nimir No. 61, N. C. S.— Meeting
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING, 'ffma
January Hi. 1905, at Fraternity _]W_rif
Hall, 32 O'Farrell St. Officers and
members are requested to he pres-
ent. as on Important matter will —
be discussed. Selection of committee for new
by-laws will be made.
J. KRSTINICH, President.
MARK JERKOVICH, Rec. Sec.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting (annua!)—To the
stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany: Please take notice that the annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Oceanic
Steamship Company will be heid at the
principal office of the company (1. c.. .',27
Market St., room 4, second floor), in the city
end county of San Francisco, State of Cali
fornia, on SATURDAY. th« 21st day of
January. A. D., 1905. at 11 o'clock a. m..
for the purpose of electing- directors and for
the transaction of such other business as
may prci>erly come before the meeting. The
stock transfer books of the company will be
clostd ten (10) days prior to said day of
meeting. By order of the beard 0 f director.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Oceanic
Steamship Company, 327 Market st.. San
Francisco, Cal.
Fan Francisco. January .*>. 1905.
ANNUAL meeting—The regular annua] meet
ing of the lot owners In the Masonic Ceme
• tery will be held at the Masonic Temple on
TUESDAY. February 7. 1905, at 2 o'clock
p.-m., for the election of nine' directors and
such business as may legally come before
them. THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
SEND 10c for sample "Purity Soap Leases""
toap In book form; everybody buys them f'
ANDREWS & SON. P. Q, box 2203, S. F
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
Advice free in all legal matters; private divorcee
a specialty; quick, quiet; no pay unless divorce
Is granted; collections made; partnership bill of
sale, wills, deeds, etc., drawn. Open evenings
by request. Established 22 years. G W
HOWE, 1122 Market st., bet. Mason & Taylor!
R W. KING, Attorney-at-law, Exam bldg
(Ith floor; entrance room 611; established °6
years: all courts, general court and office
practice; no fees in advance or for consulta
tion; evenlrfg by appointment. Tel. Red 8601.
ADVICE free; legal divorce, costs $12; all law
cases handled; no fee In advance: open Sat
urday evenings; other evenings by appoint
ment; call and save money. .819 Market, r. 33.
AA—Dlvorce; costs $12;qu1ck.quiet ;advice free
all law business; no charge unless successful-'
open cvenlpgs. 927 Market st.. room 301.
IF you need a lawyer consult me at onceTTow"
est fee. JL_IL 855 James Flood big.
JOHN GUIDERY, attorney-at-law,~~rooms~3
and 4. 240 Montgomery st.; phone Red 6617.
**?' CLARK. 927 Market; room 804; consulta
tion free; no fees In advance: open evenings.
AUTOMOBILES.
FOR saie—s36so; 1904."latest"moiel,"4-cylil : ider
?i; ho " tfpower Fope-Toledo. wfth canopy top"
Mlchelln tires; Al condition; owner "golns-
East February 1. Box 4139. Call office
A WHITE touring car for sale verychear7- r
flrst-class condition. Address box 4098, Call.'
FOR sale —Oldsmoblle ln flrst-class running or
der. Address box 4297. Call office.
ASTHMA CUBE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves
10c. 25c. 50c. 1602 Market, St. Nicholas, also
Wishart Tenth and Washington, Oakland.
SHALL children to board;
Rafael; see lady here. 3438 Seventeenth at
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery St., rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 8580,
| BIT SINE SS CHANCES.
I A-J8000; RESTAURANT and lodging-house;
[ 130 beds: rent $80; located Sacramento and
Montgomery sts.; place clears about $300 per,
month. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny *st.
■ A—S3OOO—CORNER grocery, kept by owner 9
years; doing a large business; owner has an
other corner grocery and bar for $8000; must
sell either one; take your choice; location
the best. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—$75O—DRY goods and notion store in
Berkeley; rent $18; 5 living rooms; a good
paying business. See R. G. WILKE, -6%
Kearny st. ____ -
A—s2ooo; ONE of the best paying and elegant
furnished restaurants and oyster grottoes in
this city; location the very best; close to the
aters; 4 years' lease; investigate and make
, . offer. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny St.
A—sl2so; HALF interest ln leading bakery,
1 coffee pallor or lunch room; across the bay;
retiring partner must leave Germany at
> once; bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
* Kearny st. ■
i | A~—s6oo; DELICATESSEN stand In leading
I I market; rent $26; stand does a good paying
business; value ln sight. Call R. G. WILKE,
I 26% Kearny st.
A—s3ooo; CORNER saloon on Sixth St.; place
doing a good paying business; estab. years;
lease; a first-class business proposition. For
particulars see R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—$1800; BAKERY in lively town, 30 miles
from S. F.; rent $27; 4 years" lease; baking
2 barrels per day; 3 horses, 2 wagons; large
store trade. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A—sBoo- OYSTER and chop house, close to
Market and 7th sts.; rent $29: good business;
owner must sell this place or his other
oyster and chop house on Montgomery aye.;
price $450; rent $16; come Investigate and
take your choice. R G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A—sl2oo: ROADHOUSE; 4 furnished rooms;
rent $1G; lease; shuffleboard; place estab
lished many years; best location on San Ma
teo road. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—s22oo; CORNER saloon on California st.;
rent $75: old established business and good
paying place; fine fixtures: large stock; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A —sl2oo; FRUIT and produce stand In leading
market; doing a business, of $100 per day; 3
horses. 2 wagons: a splendid offer and rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—sSoo; RESTAURANT and chop house; close
to 2 carhouses; 5 rooms; rent $33; established
years; doing a first-class business; Investi
gate; this Is a good business and a bargain.
Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A —s4ooo; BAKERY and confectionery, estab
lished many years; baking 7 barrels per day;
6 horses wagons and buggy; one of the best
in this city. See R. G. WILKE, 26% E*,earny.
A—ssoo; HARDWARE, locksmith and electri
cal repair shop; established 25 years; best
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
\—$1800; SALOON on water front, close to
Market st.: net rent $120; place established
many years and known as a good paying
business. See R. Q. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—5.".500: LIQUOR store, with 5 years' lease:
$2000 stock guaranteed; one block north of
Market: a very rare chance. Call on R. G.
WILKE. 2CH, Kearny st.
A —$1800: RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
daily receipts $50; rent $80; lease; place lo
cated close to Market and a good business.
Call on R. G. WILKE, 28% Kearny st.
A— $1000; HOTEL; a first-class paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kttchen. with 6-year
lease; close to earbcuse and other factories.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT for sale ln the best
mining town in the State of Ne\-ada: dally
receipts $150; opposite the roundhouse; no
better paying proposition in Nevada. Partic
ulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—S7OOO; BAKERY, one of the best in city;
monthly sales $6000: splendid chance for two
partners: not all cash necessary. Particulars
see R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s2soo; HOTEL In Sonoma Co.; 20 furn.
rooms; dining and bar room, bus, 2 horses,
cow. etc., and 7 acres of land; 5 years' lease:
rent $50, or owner will sell whole property
for $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A—sl7so; CORNER grocery and bar, with 5
living rooms, on Sacramento st.; 4% years'
lease; rent $48; the very best location. See
R. G WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2350; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi
ness: 3 horses. 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years: very best location:
a good cash business. See R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st.
A—$800; CORNER saloon ln wholesale dis
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es
tab. 20 yesrs and known as a good busi
ness. See R- G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s24so: CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash busi
ness; location can't be beat; value In eight.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
$175—PARTNER in restaurant; lady or gent;
to take cash and assist: experience not nec
essary; snap for party satisfied with $75 per
month. 1007% Market st.
$375 —CORNER cigar stand: good stock and
fixtures; slot machine. cash register and
good-paying trade. 1007*-.; Market st.
$125 —BRANCH bakery and notion store In
Mission; rent $13: living rooms. 1007% Markt.
$4200 —CANDY factory and large retail store,
with both wholesale and retail trade; will
clear over $250 per month. HK)7% Market st.
WANTED —Honest and sober man to look after
office and keep plain accounts; experience un
necessary; small capital required. 1007% Mkt.
F. A. BROOKBANK,
BUSINESS AGENT,
917 Market st., between Fifth and Sixth.
$600—PARTNER for well.paying cigar stand
on Market st.; elegant fixtures; large stock;
nn:st be sober and reliable man; no experi
ence required. See BROOKBANK.
A—PARTY with $300 and service can secure
an interest In well-paying business clearing
$200 to $2."0 monthly at present and same
can be easily increased; must be sober and
industrious. Particulars with BROOKBANK.
TO INVESTORS.
WE HANDLE
High-ciass propositions only,
From $600 to $50,000.
Have dividend propositions paying all the
way from 5 to 20 per cent ppr annum.
Fullest Investigation courted,
i all or write for particulars.
1 J. W. JAQDITH & CO.,
James Flood bUltdlnj",
Rooms 874 . 876 and S7S; tel. John 2421.
! $1000 OROi'ERY. produce, branch bakery" and
i d'-licatessen store; hr.rse and wagon: receipts
$1200 per month: rent $15 and 1 :ng leas*;
trial given. M. LESS CO., room 31. Bacon
hlock, Oakland. Cal.
$950 —WOOD and coal, hay and grain business;
across the bay; horses and wagons; estab
lished for years; one month's trial given; old
age cause of selling. M. LESS CO.. room 31,
Bacon block. Oakland, Cal.
A RESPECTABLE permanent cash business
that's a monopoly, easily managed and ab
solutely free from any element of a get-rieh
qulck scheme or fake, is offered party with
some energy and $1000 to invest, where wit'i
ordinary labor from $3000 to $5000 can bo
cleared yearly; owner of this business In
vites a close Investigation, as ft will be
truthfully represented In all respects; bank
and business references given. For personal
interview address box 4156, Call office.
WANTED—lmmediately, man with business
ability and reputation to take management
of Grand Theater. R?no, Nev.; salary $126
, and share of profits fin interest purchased;
I must be able to purchase small interest ln
I order to be directly interested; grand oppor
tunity: object to have interested party as
manager. Particulars TONY LUBELSKI,
Fischer's Theater, San Francisco. Cal.
DOUBLE YOUR MONEY WITHOUT RISK—
$1 shares In new bank and trust company
this week. Only 50 cents required to be paid
hi; WILL DOUBLE IN FEW MONTHS
PACIFIC COAST TRUST COMPANY,
708 Market St., San Francisco, rooms 604-605.
A—s6oo; CANDY store, complete factory; es
tablls'.ied 15 years; great thoroughfare; rent
$18; living rooms; owner got various stores.
See HENRY SCHMIDT & CO., 855 Broad
way, room 11, Oakland.
$300—STEADY man wanted as partner ln es
tablished cash business; will pay on an aver
age $90 per month to each; duties light
easily learned; no night or Sunday work
632 Market st., room 6.
FOR sale at a bargain on account of having to
leave the State, the leading hotel in town
across the bay; has regular patronage and a
fine bar trade; 4-year lease. Address box
4400. Call office.
EXCELLENT opportunity for a lady ot re
flned manners and address with capital about
$300 with thoroughly reliable firm. Box 4217,
Call office.
$600 —HAY, grain and boarding stable; estab.
30 years: good place for wood and coal yard;
owner retiring. 1318 Grove st.
WANTED—Lady with some means to manage
book and stationery department for publish
lng firm. P. O. box 1314, San Joae, Cal.
$1450 WILL buy gent's furnishing goods store.
doing good bus. 926 Western aye., Petaluma.
WANTED—Lady partner ln rooming-house;
small capital required. 610 Geary at.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1905.
A—CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1060.
3 Eddy st_, cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
A—$1800; first-class saloon on fine corner,
wholesale district; rent only $60; doing good
business; no night or Sunday work; big
opportunity. See CAMERON & CO.
A—sl36o; fine grocery and liquor store; extra
good location; long established; clearing $300
to $500 per month; owner retiring, having
made fortune; good horse and wagon with
complete stuck; biggest snap in city; fixtures
worth price asked. CAMERON & CO.
A—s3soo; tip-top stationery and bazaar; swell
location; long lease; cheap rent; stock and
fixtures up-to-date; never changed hands;
established 10 years; clearing now $300 to
$360 per month; best reasons for selling;
genuine snap. CAMERON &. CO.
A—s3 Boo; flrst-claes 3s-room country hotel,
bar alone cost $1500; one of the best inland
towns in State; 50 miles from S. F.; doing
good business; family troubles causing sale;
furnishings new and up-to-date; now is your
time. CAMERON & CO.
A—sl3oo; flrst-claes downtown short-order res
taurant and oyster grotto; elegantly fitted
up; doing good business, but sickness com
pels them to sell; none better ln city; this
price is not one-half the cost of equipment.
CAMERON _ CO.
A—s36o; good Market street cigar store; cheap
rent; well located under first-class hotel;
this Is rare chance to get fine location and
business cheap. CAMERON & CO.
A—ss6oo; one of the beet corner grocery and
bars ln S. F.; downtown transfer corner; 5
years' lease; cheap rent; doing big business,
but compelled to leave for Europe; here Is
chance of lifetime to secure first-class busi
ness proposition that will bear Investigation.
CAMERON & CO.
For sale—Well located, 3-chalr barber shop
on Fillmore St.; rent $15; doing good busi
ness; old established stand; hero is a chance
to get paying business for little money:
owner leaving city; price $300. CAMERON
& CO.
A—sl6oo: well located cafe, billiard room, 2
chair barber shop, with 8 well furnished
rooms above; rent only $30; cost over $2500
to furnish; call and make offer as owner
must sell on account of other business.
CAMERON & CO.
WELL established manufacturing business,
big profits, present owner desires assistance
of energetic partner; $700 to $1000 required.
Mutual Investment Co., 927 Market st.
FOR sale—Whole or half Interest in a real es
tate office in Berkeley; splendid location.
Apply hox 1592. Call office, San Francisco.
WANTED—Party with some money to put val
uable invention on the market. Box 4137,
Call office.
NEWSPAPER route for sale ln Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
DELICATESSEN store for sale; splendid loca
tion; fine trade; profits good. Address box
4C96, Call office.
CIGAR stand for sale; reasonable; for good
reasons: good trade; fine location. Box 4198
Call office.
WANTED—To buy a good paying hotel with
bar or restaurant; must stand thorough in
vestigation; no agents. Box 4265, Call office.
MAN or woman with $300; good-paying busi
ness. Call 204 Firtt st.
I" WISH to meet physician; business proposi
tion; Eastern man preferred. Box 4224, Call.
CIGAR stand for sale near theaters. Box 4395,
Call office.
CIGAR stand for sale on Fourth st. Address
box 4200. Call office.
FOR/sale —Grocery and bar ln a fine location
in the Mission. Box 4300, Call office.
LAUNDRY route, horse and wagon; bargain;
$250. Call 3372 Mission st.
ARE you looking for a grocery and bar? In
quire 725 Folsom St.; price right.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
Phone (private line) Main 33-4-3.
Money to Loan.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 801, New James Flood Building.
Entrance opposite "Emporium." Offices near
elevators.
Ask for Free List of
Hotels and Rcoming-houses For Sale.
Our Specialty—lnstalment Sales.
All Titles Guaranteed.
154-room apartm c n t->
house, in fashionable
part Of city; clears $396
monthly; lease to 1908;'
partly furnished with
oak and blrdseye ma- 1
pie; worth $12,000; will'
sell for $7500; $2000;
down; we back you for
$5500.
50 rooms; new and
modern; electric lights;
5-year lease; rent $200:
price $3500; will bl
sold on installments.
i2O rooms; 3 blocks of
I Market; rent $60;
j clears $71 monthly;
newly papered, newly
' renovated; electric
i lights; 2 floors; big
I bay-windows; price re
duced from $1700 to
$1100; $300 down and
small installments;
owner wants 40 or 50
room house.
11 large rooms, near
Sutter and Mason; rent
$45; income $91 and 2
nice rooms for land
lady; little work; all
new; cost $840; will
show bills; price $500,
either cash or install
ments.
22 rooms, near Hyde
and Ellis; prist $915;
rent $70; same <-wn*r
for 15 years; always
full; it's a gr-_t snap.
NOTICE — We make
exchanges to suit v\l
cases If you need
money to help make an
exchange come and sei
ua
NEW and MODERN
28 rooms; corner house;
electric lights; 6-year
lease; very beautiful
1 furnltur/; full and
waiting list; owner
SICK IN HOSPITAL;
must be sold; see lt
and make offer; In
stallment sale.
TRANSIENT HOUSE.
Iclearlng $125 to $160
montly; let prcfit for
1904 was $1653; owntr
must change climate;
first payment $600,
then small monthly In
stallments.
GUARANTEED $3001
MONTHLY PROFIT: j
87 rooms and bar; 36i
rooms furnished; 41;
rented unfurnished-;
rent $325 and a 3-year
lease; bar has olg busi
ness; bar and fixtures!
are very fine — cost
over $2000: price of
house and bar is
—$4250—
cash or part cash; %
cause of sacrifice, ether
important business.
—EXCLUSIVELY—
for sale by us.
" N. B —$100 down and
$10 each month buys a
splendid 10-room house
on Geary st.; snap it.
HIGH - CLASS and!
beautifully furnished '
24-room corner on
O'Farrell; extra sunny;
monthly profit exactly
$72. _^
ANOTHER HIO H
CLA6S house — Splen
did 37-room house on
Ellis St.; clears $175
monthly; 8 TEAM
HEAT; hot and cold
water; FINEST EN
TRANCE ln city; first
| payment $1600; owner
| anxious to buy a OS
room house we have for
[sale, also on Ellis, that
has an Income of $430
over rent; it's -strictly
■' j jmcdern. too.
LODGING house for salt, reasonable: 14 rooms;
nicely Box 4298, Call office. 1
LODOrHO-HOTTBES EOB SALE—Con.
A—CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1060;
8 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
67-room, new and modern anartment house;
exquisitely furnished In weathered oak. ma
hogany and blrdseye maple, Axminster and
velvet carpets: 2 and 3-room apartments: 6
years' lease; full first-class people; obliged to
leave for the East.
60 rooms, all light and sunny; close ln:
beautiful new building; fine entrance; ele
gantly furnished throughout In weathered oak,
mahogany, birdseye maple, finest velvet and
Axminster carpets; long lease with cheap
rent; clears $300 per month; never before on
market; ;llness of husband causes sale; only
with us.
12 rooms, well furnished; rent only $5 per
room; you can clear $50 per month and have
2 nice rooms for family; only $850.
For sale. 4 years' lea»e and business of 27
-room northeast corner house, well and com
pletely furnished and equipped boarding-house;
swellest location iircity: full permanent, first
class people; on account of departure soon
opportunity Is offered to start in business for
the small Investment of $500.
100 rooms, heart of business center; grand,
new, modern building with all the up-to-date
appliances; steam heat, electric lights and
elevator; furnishings and draperies of the
best; the cheapest rent in S. F. for down
town house; rare opportunity to get first-class
business that will pay $400 to $500 per month.
Owner must leave city; only with us.
6-room upper flat, corner, rent $50, lease if
wanted; beautifully furniphed; only furnished
one year and cost $1280; bargain at $650.
70-room country hotel; best Interior town in
State; barroom, 2 dining rooms and 5-room
cottage besides; rent $100 per month: can get
10 years' lease; brick building; everything fine
condition; line business proposition.
80-room family hotel on Nob Hill; ele
gantly furnished; all light and sunny rooms;
choice location and clears fine income; sick
ness In family compels being disposed of; make
offer.
16 rooms. Eddy st.. $66 rent; oak and cherry
furniture; carpets good, and clears $75 per
month; leaves 3 best rooms for family; part
down, balance can be made from house.
40 rooms, brand new, up-to-date proposition;
beautiful building, furniture, carpets and drap
eries of the Joest; fine location; near Market;
cheap rent; 5 years' lease; clearing over $200
per month; all full nice roomers; any one
looking for first-class new house can't over
look this; part cash, balance paid out of
house; price. $0500.
35 rooms, part housekeeping; rent only $140;
oak furniture; fine carpets; clearing *150 per
month; long lease; can be had for $1800 down,
balance time at low interest.
14 rooms, Eddy, cheap rem: well furnished
in oak with good carpets; part housekeeping;
where you can clear about $50 and have nice
little home with small amount of work; price,
$BCO.
19 rooms, located in first-class neighborhood,
close in; rent Ijb only $85; extra well furnished,
and clearing $61 per month; all full; part
housekeeping; price, $1400.
6-room modern flat; new 6 months; rent $25;
beautlfullv furnished; fine location, and cost
over $900 to furnish; snap at $400.
21 rooms, south Market: rent $85: well fur
nished and clearing $75 per month; cost over
$1200 to furnish; cart be had for $850. with
one-half cash, balance 1 ncr cent.
9-room modern upper flat; rent $60. water
free; only 5 months furnished, with elegant
furnishings; choice block Ellis st.; $300
down, balance can be paid $25 per month.
Have large list of real estate, hotels, room
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
NEW FIRM—FISHER _ CO.—NEW FIRM.
Successors to Mitchell _ Co. ln rooming
houses, hotels and flats. James Flood bldg.,
Powell and Market; r. 430. Phone Main 3354.
$1650 —APARTMENT house. 25 rooms; all rent
ed; everything ln good condition; income $165
per month; rent $100; very central. Address
box 4196. Call office.
21 ROOMS at 238 Kearny; Income $220 month;
price 31780; lease;.bargain, ('all at room 9.
$575—BARGAIN., ten light rooms, good loca
tion: low rent; good Income. 817 Post st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A—EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY
To Consult
RICHARD MAYO
At Reduced Charges.
Complete clairvoyant readings, 50c this week.
No charge unless satisfactory.
You can be the Judge.
At a glance, before.you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age. occupa
tion. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood
before you.
LOVE. COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelation of all love affair?,
troubles, marriages, restores lost affections,
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quarrels
TELLS YOU WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY,
And how to WIN the man or woman you
love and how to make your husband or wife
be true to you, and how to overcome ail
your enemies and how to make a person at
a distance think of you and how to DE
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM. THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS.
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable.
Ellis st —421 A —Ellis st.
Hours—lo a. m. to Bp. m. Private flat.
MME. LYNN.
The Eminent Clalrvovant—Psvchic—Mystic.
SPECIAL REDUCTION THIS WEEK.
Readings 50c 50c 500 50c 50c 50c 50c 60c 50c
Wonderful, bewildering Is the work of
Mme. Lynn, whose readings are a revelation;
advice on love, marriage, courtship, business,
mines; also reunites the 'separated; gives
secret power to control any one ln 21 days.
She tells you full name and what you want
to know. All business strictly confidential.
230 Powell st.. near Geary.
Hours. 10 a. nn to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business nellum. reads your life cor
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
al! affairs in life; never failed to give satis
faction: 25c up. 17 Third st.. next Examiner.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
with second sight; tells past, present, future;
ladies, 50c; gents by cards. $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings, $1 50. 303 Jones.nr.Eddy.
LIVINGSTONE
For reliable clalrvovant reading consult
LIVINGSTONE.
26% Kearny st.
rfSMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 110 l'
Market st.. San Francisco. Office hours—lo
a. m to 5 p. m.: Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis St.. clairvoyant,
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
whet you called for without asking p. ques
tion; names given: $1: hours. 10 to 8.
MISS ZKUDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 60c,
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
MME. KRONEN RE RG, palmist, clairvoyant"
card reader: when others fall try me; read
ings 25c. 102% Sixth st.. near Mission.
MISS WARD. 1206 Market at., parlor 31.
voyant. gives names, dates; take elevator.
MME. ELLA, from N. V.. greatest card reader;
ladles 25c; gents 50c. 1206 Market st., rm. 68.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reader and
teacup; 25c up. 222% Eddy st.. lower flat.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
sittings daily. 108 6th St.,rooms 1-2.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller. is now at 317 Ellis st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A—MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 12C6 Market, r. 14, Gait House. |
ALL skeptics should witness Mme. Young's j
spirit messages to-night; 10c. 619 McAllister.
C. V. MILLER'S materialising seance to-night,
8 o'ck»ck;Sun..B p.m.,friends only. 1084 Bush.
FRED P. EVANS, the world's most famous I
slate-wrltlng psychic. Office 1112 Eddy st. I
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium: 3568 17th
st.; readings 1 to 5: tel. Capp 856.
CREDIT CLOTHIERS,
C. F. ADAMS CO., 818 Mason St.— CTothlng
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us and have It charged.
CLOTH-HQ BSHOVATZHO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyelns. Bon Marche. Examner bldg., r. 410;
phorie Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
CUaTABBH CUBE.
JAPANESE Catarrh Snuff cut*es catarrh, pre
vents colds. Secure agency, 203, 927 Market.
CHIROPODISTS,
MRS. ALEXANDER, removed to 412% Post
at., opposite S. F. Gas Co. office. I
CARPET BEATIHCj AHD CtEANIKC>.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat
ing works, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har
rison St.; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.—First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCQM * CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH <t CO. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate—The Whalebone—Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns $3 50; fillings 50c:
plates, $5 full set; all work painless and
warranted! Chicago Dental I'arlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market,nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
FILLINGS. 25c~and 60c; crowns. $2. NEW
i'ORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c: crowns, $2; no
pain; op.Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewitt, 101% Grant are
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentiet.r.l4,lit
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor.O'Farteli.
PARIS Der.tal parlors, 235 Kearny, cor.Bush-
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ay*.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School -
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
A—THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col
leges, is now In its twelfth year; the work
is better than ever before; departments ln
English literature, languages, mathematics,
history, sciences, etc., cannot be surpassed
ln excellence of instruction; two of the best
teachers ln California are ln charge of Eng
lish and of mathematics. Come and we will
prepare you well. Refs. President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Day and even
ing sessions. Phelan bldg.
AT 2 p. m.. Mondays. Wednesdays and Thurs
days, classes In short-story writing and
Journalism are taught at r. 333, Phelan bldg.;
terms very moderate; join these classes; In
struction thorough; real and rapid progress.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning ln America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. 24
Post st., S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A. SUCCESSFUL college; new. large rooms;
perfect light: all graduates are getting posi
tions. S. F. Business College, 738 Mission st.
PIANO; Al lxiadon graduate; visits; Al re
sults: 50 successful scholars 1904; moderate.
905 McAllister st.
ENGINEERING—CiviI, elee.. mln., mech., sur
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1804. Van
ncr Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
Established 1863; largest In the West; an
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
IRVING Institute School for Girls. 2126 Cali
fornia St.; Easter term begins Tuesday,
January 3, 1905.
BOOKKEEPING. Eng., Math., etc., day and
eve.; individual instr. 305 Larkin st. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
A—GALLAGHER* - MARSH BUSINESS COL
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A—MKTItoroi.ITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
aye.: positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
DUSIGN. strength, materials, graphic statics
machines, structures; evgs.; mall. 20 Hartford.
Arith. .gram.,bookkpg.shorthand.ss m.; day,eve.
lndiv. instruc. Western Bus. Col., 1281Mkt,n.9th
MME. PRILL'S Piano School. LoSdon Con.
210f> Golden Gate aye. :jpesldent pupils taken.
BOOKKEEPING -Save time*, gain knowledge,
with TARR, expert. 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. 828 Halght st.
ADULT and juvenile classes now open. Hln
man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgomery.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.—Night class.
SPANlSH,French.etc.Prof.De Fillppe sAcademy
t>t languages. 1018 Post; est. 1871 ;ablest profs.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A—ORPHEUM Employment Office—Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.; tel. Main 5752.
A—JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YOSHY, 415 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 859.
CHINESE Employment Office—Best help at
Leon Seung's, 411% O'Farrell: tel. East 428.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997 BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—FEMALE.
A NUMBER of reliable household help have
been registered since the first of the month;
cooks, waitresses, laundresses, nurses (for
Infants and grown children), seamstresses,
ladies' maids and housework girls. For par
ticulars telephone to MISS PLUNKETT.
Main 5472. 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
COMPETENT girl wishes general housework
am! cooking In American family; small
washing: is kind to children. 612 A Octavla,
near McAllister.
TWO ladles, energetic, refined, well educated,
with good references, would like the manage
ment of a . business or to travel for reliable
firm; salary. Box 4218, Call office.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day;
washing. Ironing or sweeping; $1 50 and car
/ fare. Box 4155. Call.
A YOUNG girl wants position as second girl;
also a waitress. Call 391 Bryant, between
First and Second.
SITUATION by experienced cook and helper,
pastry and meat cutter, hotel; references;
city or country. Box 4263, (Tall office.
AN elderly Canadian woman wishes cooking
and housework In small private family.
Call 1575 Fifteenth st.
WOMAN wants a place to car* for a baby or
assist. Call at 009% Minna st.
NORWEGIAN girl wishes situation for general
housework. 262 Thirteenth st.
NEAT young woman wishes situation as lady's
maid; understands hairdressing, manicuring;
can sew; $30; references. 1372 Tenth st.,
Oakland.
LADY stenographer with 6 months' experience
wishes position in wholesale or retail store;
can give fine* references. Address L. C. R..
box 3592, Call office.
A RELIABLE woman wants position as house
keeper In Institution, hotel or apartment;
Al references; call after Sunday. Phone
South 1162.
MIDDLE - AGED woman with a small child
I would like position where she can have good
I home in country. Box 4230, Call office.
| ALL kinds of family sewing, also dressmaking
by day or at home. 408 Clement st., Rlch
-1 mond District.
| MIDDLE-AGED woman to do housework by
! the day or month. Call at 435 Fourth st.,
room T5, between 10 and 11.
STRONG "German woman wants washing cr
cleaning by day; ,-eferences. Send postal to
118 Russia aye.
A SWEDISH girl wishes position for general
housework or cooking; good cook. Apply
228 Chapultepec st.. near 29th, off Mission.
A YOUNG girl, 16. wishes situation to assist
ln light housework; Box 4223.
Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes a position In small res
taurant, or to do chamber work. Call or ad
dress 944 Howard st.
A LADY wishes a position as a first-class
cook; best of references; wages $30. Ad
dress M. M. X.. 1205 Stockton st.
A THOROUGHLY experienced stenographer
desires permanent position; beat of refer
ences. Box 4084, Call office.
EXPERIENCED nurse; good references. 311
1 Polk st.; phone Howard 3483.
EMPLOYMENT VrAWTTB^—TVOLMLI^-Con
WANTED—By refined lady, with little son of
8. position as housekeeper and cook for few
men on ranch, where she can keep her child
with her. Box 4284, Call.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day;
washing, ironing or sweeping; $1 60 per day
and carfare. Box 4165, Call.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants position ln pri
vate family; Jews preferred. Box 3076, Call.
A WOMAN would like washing and mending
to take home. 713% Minna st., near Eighth.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes fine laun
dry to do at home. Phone Page 7931.
A YOUNG Japanese girl wishes position as
plain cook and housework, near eleventh
block of Van Ncsa aye., for a family of less
than four: wag-is $4 50 week. S. SAKAKI,
14!»4 Fulton st.
A JAPANESE lady wishes to do light house
work or to take care of baby in the country.
H YOSHIDA, 1913 Mission St.; tel. Capp
A JAPANESE girl wishes position as cook and
light housework near eleventh block of Lar
kln st. for less than 4 persons ln family;
wages $4 50 week. 8. Sakaki, 1484 Fulton st.
JAPANESE neat girl wants position to do
light housework half day. 2603 Market st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
ATTENTION, SAN FRANCISCANS! AM A
NEW YORK LAWYER (34) OF STANDING
AND ABILITY; DOCTORS ORDER
"CHANGE OF CLIMATE FOR SELF AND
FAMILY"; WHAT CONNECTION, BUSI
NESS ASSOCIATION OR MANAGERIAL
posrnoN CAN YOU offer MET Al
REFERENCES. L. BARN ESS, 7 WEST
, TWENTY-SECOND ST., NEW YORK CITY.
THOROUGHLY experienced grocery clerk and
flrst-clarss salesman, with very beet of refer
ences, wants engagement. Box 4251, Call.
WANTED —By man and wife, competent to
take charge of hotel, restaurant, rooming or
apartment house, or other place where they
can work together; no objection to country;
Al cooks; best of references. Box 4336, Call.
BAKER and pastry cook wants work; young
man. first-class bread baker; will work In
restaurant. Institution or anywhere; Ice
creams, puddings, etc. Box 4372. Call.
ALL-ROUND cook and baker wants work;
references If required; young man; good
meat cutter, etc. Box 4371, Call.
POSITION wanted by chef cook and wife; city
or country; hotel or restaurant. Box 4369,
Call office.
YU.UNG man would like a position driving de
livery wagon; knows city; good references.
Box 4123, Call.
BARBER, middle-aged, wants a Job for $9. per
week or percentage; good workman. Address
Barber, box 4219, Call office.
YGUr*IG man wants position nursing; either
mental or surgical. 1421 Harrison st., be
tween Tenth and Eleventh.
FANCY cake baker would like steady position;
city or country. Box 4226. Call.
BARBER, American, temperate, wants posi
tion; steady or extra. Box 4126, Call.
A POSITION Is wanted by an experienced
bookkeeper who understands English, Ger
man and Spanish and has a thorough
knowledge of general commission and ex
port business; good accountant. Box 4278,
Call office.
YOUNG man, business ability, bookkeeper,
stenographer, ten years' general office ex
perience, offers service, view acquiring in
terest paying business; city or country.
References given. Box 3134 Call.
AS attendant to invalid or mental patient by
competent reliable man; responsible refer
ences; massage'or any treatment prescribed;
terms moderate. Box 4221, Call office.
MAN and wife, Massachusetts people, would
like cooking in small country hotel or board
ing house, where they would have entire
charge of kitchen. Bor. 4078. Call office.
RELIABLE German, neat and clean, kitchen
man. for general work, all-round, desires
employment; handy, useful and willing; city
or country. Box 4109, Call office.
CARPENTER, steady, industrious, wishes Job
bing, repairing or any kind of rough work;
will work very reasonable. Address box
4029 Call office.
GARDENER, first class rstngle), of long ex
perience in landscape gardening, growing of
flowers and greenhouses, wishes a situation
on private place: references. Box 4005, Call.
AS attendant to invalid or mental patient by
competent, reliable man; responsible refer
ences; massage or any treatment prescribed;
terms moderate. Box 3117. Call office.
STRUNG young man with six months' experi
ence wishes work in a hakery. Address
FRANK SCHROEDER. 1112 Taylor st.
COMPETENT restaurant manager or cook
wishes position; country preferred. Box 1688,
1008 Market st.
A YOUNG man, expert bookkeeper, wishes a
small sel of books for evening work; can give
city and country ref. Address box 4032, Call.
SITUATION wanted as collector or any out
door occupation; no canvassing; references
and small cash security. Box 4269. Call.
STRONG young man would like a position as
teamster: knows the streets well. Box 4262
(•all office. .
FIRST-CLASS shop butcher desires position;
city or country. H. CHESTER, box 4325,
Call office.
COLORED minister, pastorlng a city church,
desires situation during the week. 1420 A
Powell st.
YOUNG man would like to finish knowledge
of the barber trade in good shop. Box 4290,
Call office. 0
WANTED—By young man attending school ln
the city, a place to work for room and board.
Box 4338, Call.
BRIGHT young German, one year ln Frisco,
txpert grocery clerk, with best references,
desires position of any kind. Box 4087, Call.
COMPETENT bookkeeper wants position or
books to adjust: city or country. Address
8., 208. Merchants' Exchange.
RELIABLE clerk, having 10 years' experience
in accounting department, wants clerical
position ln any line. Box 4319. Call office.
YOUNG man would like a position traveling;
can give good references. Box 4138, Call.
AN all-around butcher wants position ln city
or country. Box 4261, Call office.
PAINTER, paperhanger. tinter; will work by
day or Job: estimates given. Box 4393, Call.
AN expert chainman rodman. surveyor's as
sistant wishes employment. Box 4259, Call.
BUTLER —Reliable, competent Japanese de
sires position; references. Box 4273, Call.
AN upright and competent Japanese wants
work In a store. Box 4385. Cal! office.
COUPLE (Japanese) want positions; man good
cook, wife general housework or nurse; very
good references; city or country. Address
NODA, Episcopal Mission. 1304 Post st •
phone Sutter 4132.
A TRUSTWORTHY and competent young Jap
anese boy. speaking good English, would
like a place to do light housework and plain
cooking in a small family; best of reference
Box 4326. Call.
A JAPANESE, who has many customers
wants a position in jewelry store as a sales
man for Japanese, or as a watchmaker
F. V.. 814 Powell st. "aaer.
A JAPANESE boy wants a situation as waiter
or office boy: speaks very well. WILLIAM
84.' Bush -st. '
A JAPANESE wants a position ln family
first-class cook; reference; wages $7 to *«'■
week. FRANK. 248 Elll. St.: tel. Jessie 624
AN elevator boy. experienced Japanese wishes
a position as elevator or office boy 'k szi
MAMOTO. 1615 Polk st.; phone Larkln 2700.
PRIVATE position wanted by handy Japanese
to work in stable or milk cow. Address G.
A. N.. 319 Grant aye.
JAPANESE honest boy wants~a~poiltion~as
plain cook and housework. OKATSU 405
Post St.
A 9.°°.? Japanese boy wants a situation as
schoolboy; speaks well. R. NAKANO. care
of Jap. M. E. Mission, 1329 Pine st.
A JAPANESE good cook wants position. Just
morning or evening. KURU. 931 Sacra
mento st.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants position to do
work ln the city. I. x.. ut Austin aye.
JAPANESE boy wishes situation for plain
cooking and housework. 0.W., 2142 Fillmore.
0< 2,?- 1 ?. Japanese cook and housework. Address
St MI. .113 Sutter st. Tel. Black 4241.
CHINESE first-class family - coot LEE, 714
Washington st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MaIa—c o a.
AN honest Japanese would like position as
waiter in boarding-house or hotel ln city
wages $5. YOSHI. 6 Central place, off Pine."
CHINESE first-class cook wants place; plain
washing. LEE GUNG. 1024 Stockton st.
ECZEMA CUKE.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rh«um
or barber Itch that I can't cure; a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN* 54 Sixth g.
FINANCIAL.
LOAN of $18,000 on 123 acres of orange orchard
in Palermo. Butte Co.; 17 years old; in full
bearing; this year's crop. 123,800 boxes,
picked and shipped.
Wanted—Some Realty Syndicate certlfi
cates at 70 cents.
Also Oakland Crematory Association stock
at $22 50.
For sale—3o,ooo shares of Socrataa Quick
silver Company at 30c; no treasury stock has
been sold for less than 40c; 60c has been
paid and Woodland Bank has loaned on th»
same at 44c. $30,000 Turlock irrigation bonds
at 90c. W. E. BARNARD. 476 Tenth St..
Oakland.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE^
Capital paid in $4,600,000 00
Surplus 940.901 8«
Issues
Bix per cant
Investment Certificate*
At par.
Office—No. 14 Sansome st..
San Francisco. Cal.
REALTY Syndicate certificate ridiculously
cheap. 136 Ninth st.
FLATB TO LET.
A—HOUSES aad flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage ot
this deuartment; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-89 Geary
•t.. on -the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de
sirable vacant place in San Francisco on
our lists; service absolutely free; let ua find
you a place; come In and let us knew what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "we
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company.
1089 Market St.. opp._ McAllister.
$35 —150 CENTRAL aye., 7 rooms.
$30—310 Guerrero at., 6 rooms.
$25 —565 Third aye., 8 rooms.
$25 —15 Kisllng St., 6 rooms.
Apply on premises.
NINETEENTH. 3980. block from Eighteenth
or Castro cars—Lovely sunny lower flat, 6
room* with extra room on poroh; key lot;
$23 50; water free; must be seen. etc.
NEW, swell sunny flats, 6 rms ; every possible
latest convenience; close to the main entrance
to park; 6 car lines; one runs all night. Ap
ply 7th aye., nr. Fulton St.; open 12 to 4.
MISSION. 3007%. near 26th—9 rooms and
bath; rent $25 month. Apply McKAY &
CO.. 2955 Mission at.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 2088-2087. nr. Central—
New sunny flats: frescoed, tinted; S rms..
bath and 6 rms., bath; attic;. 2 basements.
NEW, elegant flats; latest Improvements: fast
finished; park panhandle. STRAUB. 630
Market »t.
9 SUNNY rooms. 26 Stelner St.; tn front of
the beautiful Duboce Park. r
CHURCH, cor. 15th—Elegant, modern, sunny
top flat, 8 rooms, bath, basement; $87 50.
SUNNY flat. 6 rooms, bath. 4 Tonnlngsen
place, off Howard, bet. 12th and 13th sta.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON A HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
FLATS FOX SAKE—FURNISHED.
NEW 10-room flat. Just furnished, foil room
ers; cash or time; no agents. 582 Geary st.
FOR sale—House of 8 rooms, well furnished,
good location. Immediately, at 319 Taylor st.
PINE, 732—For sale, bargain, part furniture
flat 5 rooms and bath; rent $25; make offer.
FLATS TO LET—FURNISHED.
COMFORTABLE flat of 5 rooms and bath.
3726 Twenty-third st, near Dolores.
FURNITURE WANTED.
: -WE 7 LL~GET~^r^
the most money for furniture, carpets, office
fittings, merchandise and houses. MARK J
LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market St.. be
tween 9th and 10th. Phone South 179.
Abe - Levy"
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur*
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURP, auc, 1636 Market: phone Jessie 2838.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert, 773 -Mission St.. be
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 4462.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 813.
HELP WANTED—FEMALE.
8 COOKB, with and without washrcf. .$3O-$35
2 ladies' maids, city and San Rafael..s2s-s.'lo
8 second girls, city and San Jose $20-s2fl
PSrlor maid and waitress $30
Housework, no washing, Rosa Valley... .$3O
2 infant nurses $25-830
8 waitresses, city and country hotels
$28-$27 50
Housekeeper, 2 men $25
French maid and seamstress $25
Butler for private family $40
40 general housework girls, city aad coun
try $20-$25-$3O
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 884 Sutter.
ALL Scandinavian girls seeking employment
are cordially Invited to oall oa MRS.
STORMER, 1409 Van Ness aye., to-day, 10-5.
10 WAITRESSES for Southern California. For
particulars call, write or telephone MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st
GIRLS to learn hairdressing, manicuring, etc;
trade taught from A to Z in 2 wks.; tuition
$5 to those entering now; 3 positions to fill
Immediately; positions guar, at $10 per week
up; only recognized college of its kind on
coast; day and eve. class. 233 Geary, X 13.
WANTED—GirIs to learn millinery now for
spring season; both seasons taught from start
to finish ln one month for $15; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled by
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A—PACIFIC College teaches hairdressing.
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognized college of its kind on coast; day
and evening classes: all parlor work at re
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER
ALLS, JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX
PERIENCE NECESSARY; STEADY WORK;
GOOD PAT. LEVI STRAUSS * CO.. 331*
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
IN OAKLAND, COR. 10TH AND CLAY STA.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS: NO EXPERIENCE NECES
SARY; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS A CO.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter; an excel
lent opportunity for a competent stenogra
pher doing general work; deskroom and priv
ileges in prominent office building given ln
exchange for nominal services. Address box
4015, Call office.
A—WANTED—Woman to cook In small coun
try hotel; no objection to one child; apply In
person. Hotel Luxembourg, 113 Stockton
st., room 2.
A NEAT young girl for upstairs work and as
sist in care of baby; wages $15. 1909 Bu
chanan at.
WANTED—GirI for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde s t.
YOUNG German girl for general housework.
2096 Mission St., corner Seventeenth.
WANTED—A young lady, quick at figures,
for restaurant. Call at 2 Turk st
WANTED—Neat and competent nurse for two
children. Inquire 2574 Union st.
WANTED—A girl for cooktng and kitchen
work; references. Apply 1521 Sutter at.
YOUNG girl to assist at light housevrork! 4687
Eighteenth st.
WANTED—Experienced Jacket alteration
hands. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'Artistically Made by the Elite Photograph Sttidio==FßEE.
KELP JVANTED— FEMALE—Continued. |
v) ANTED— Ladles to learn hairdressing. man- |
I louring, fnciul r.'.assage and scalp treatments;
•1 week.s completed; expert Instructors; call j
ot" write. Moler System Co., 649 Sacramento.
'ALL Iwah dressing, manicuring, (ace massage
• ar.d scalp treatments are free at the Moler
System College, 649 Sacramento; hours 1-4.
■EXPERIENCED woman to tak- care of ln
_'-'ant. MRS HEILLY, 848 Gouah St.
• OMI'ETENT help furnished on short notice.
•' MRS. LEWIS. 507 l'owell. phone Main 3373.
'ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at !
• Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
'of advertisements and subscriptions l.as btien
opened at, HiOS Market St., opposite Fifth.
.Open until 11 p. m.
' ' HELP WANTED—MALE.
A-MUKItAV & KEADV, 634-636 Clay St.
Phone Main 5848.
•THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIFE; THE I
. •. RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
•W« gave in Uto3 1906 we hope to I
'. W.OOtf n.ei. work. Increase 60,000. i
MEN AND WIVES.
■ Farmer and wire, vineyard, Santa Crui Co.,
■' see boss here, $40 and found.
Man and wife, small country institution, $40
lo $55 and found, see boss here.
' : ' .File' setter, city Job, steady, $4 day.
• Man run carding machine, city factory, $2 26
'"day.
. • FARMS AND DAIRIES.
Teamsters, farmhands, choreboys, chorcmen,
. ■ pruners for vineyard, milkers and butter
makers'.
HOTELS, ETC.
.Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, kitchen hands,
./cook and wile, mine, $55 found; cook and
wife, north, $80.
Hell and elevator boys.
' . Oyster man, $45 and found.
MURRAY j& READY, 634-686 Clay st.
STEAM SHOVEL.
Steam shovel foreman, see boss here, $100 fd.
. 5 machine miners, north, $90.
Shop butcher, city, $15 to $17 week.
'Foreman, carpenters, near city. $4 60 day.
country store, south $75.
• Carriage painter, country shop, $3 day.
. . Man to drive delivery, city, $10 week.
Butcher for Nevada, $40 fd.. see boss here.
■ -Buggy-washer, country stable. $40 and found,
-.see boss here; second laundryman. Institu
" tlon, $25 and found; blacksmith ior a com
pany, country, $60 and found; 3 woodchop
• ■ tiers, ■tl 50 cord, tools furnished.
'■ ; MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
. AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU,
301.-BU2 Starr King bidg., 3d floor, 121 Geary.
'Conducted on Strictly Business Principles.
Positions secured for:
Office men. Assistant bookkeepers.
Bookkeepers. Hotel clerks.
Stenographers. Railroad clerks,
office managers. Timekeepers.
Correspondent clerks. Collectors.
-Accountants. BUI clerks.
.Buyers. Shipping clerks.
Traveling salesmen. Law office clerks.
Manager for dept. stores. Entry clerks.
<"ashiers. Cigar clerks.
Cr«Sdlt men. Dry goods clerks.
Secretaries. Receiving clerks.
Genera.l, office work In all lines of business.
'. Offices and representatives in other cities.
■ Apply American Commercial Bureau,
301-302 Starr King bldg., 3d floor, 121 Geary.
COMMERCIAL CLEARANCE COMPANY,
;'415-416 :«arr King bldg., 121 Geary at.
Investigate our plan for securing positions
for competent men in office, salesmen and
technical lines. Our charges are moderate and
our system unequaled. Our bulletin reaches
-all of the leading business concerns of the
•city 'every week. Our system is a great aid to
•employers In securing high-grade men. hence
.< ur success in finding positions for competent
men..
AT HORD & SMITIFsi
Contractors' Agents, 95 Third st.
Plumber, city, contract.
Plasterer, city, contract.
•''•Solicitor, tea and coffee, 50 per cent com
mission.
• Man tor dye works, experienced, $20.
'-. ' Teamsters, bay shore, $2.
•EXPERIENCED salesman for men's furnish-
goods. Apply, giving all particulars and
salary expected, box 4225, Call office.
.\C.-,NTED-r-Young man to engage In light,
••profitable work; some cash; experience un
•necessary. Box 8693, Call.
MAN to. travel: references; salary $21 per
week; expenses advanced. J. S. ZIEGLER
A CO., 323 Dearborn st.. Chicago.
.BARBER shop wanted: will exchange Edison's
• Hfjp'ie phonograph with over 100 Edison rec
•; . Qrds part payment. Add. G. A. C. 1450 Ellis.
WANTED —One or two men to learn a trade;
•"•must have $10 security; no Sunday work.
'• Can 212 First st.
, WtANTED —Boy to carry morning paper route.
301 Union st.
HOUSEMAN and electrician; $40 and found;
•city. Hotel Gazette, 26 Montgomery, room 12.
HOOD steady barber wanted; call after 8
. o'clock. 623 Clay st.
WANTED—An errand boy. The Toggery, 628
Market «t.
WAGON boys wanted. Apply this morning,
superintendent's office, the Emporium.
•CHEAPEST and best place to learn barber
trad* at Glllett'a School, 611 Commercial st.
WANTED —Men to learn the barber trade at
' the' original JNO. A. MOLER'S BARBER
• COLLEGE, 644 Clay st.; 8 weeks completes;
positions guaranteed; expert instruction;
wages while learning. Call or write (correct
number) 644 Clay st.
WANTED —Thoroughly experienced stationery
'.man; one capable cf taking charge of stock.
•.Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
-BROS.'
WANTED—Teacher to go to Nevada to All
out an unexpired term; $80 per month and
:- transportation; refa. required. Box 3514.
Call office.
«T- — 1
WANTED—Men to learn the barber trade; 8
•weeks completes; positions guaranteed; ex
pert instructions; wages while learning.
'Call or write Moler Sys. Co!.. 649 Sacramento.
•WANTED—Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973
-75 Easton aye., St. Louis, Mo.
' WANTED—Men to prepare for railway mall,
.Internal revenue and custom-house positions;
' free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti
tute. Grant bldg., 1095 Market; open evngs.
: WANTED—Laborers and mechanics to know
•• that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, haa
' added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
: 217. Third st.: 250 rooms; 26c to 50c per night.
• WANTED —1000 barbers to use Edge-Ollne;
makes honing easy. G. A. TROST BARBER
•-L SUPPLY CO., 308 Mason st.
i —i
' BARBERS—A neat 3-chalr shop; good loca
tion: rent reasonable; will sell cheap on ac
count other business. 729 Mission st.
'CHANCE for three young men to learn the
' ' barber trade absolutely free of charge; don't
miss this. 751 Mission st.
WANTED —To rent barber shop ln Santa Crux
01" Monterey counties, or opening for one.
M. E. 8., genera! delivery, Petaluma, Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
■ pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
■charges. 11 3d st..Exam. bid.; open till 9 p.m.
WANTED—Men to All 350 rooms at 20c per
" night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec
tric light In every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
' GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 26c
to 60c. 571 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts..
• or 11 Third st.. Examiner building.
' WANTED—Boy for office work, 14 to 16
years of age. Box 4322. Call.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale, cheap; good
location. 1360 Howard art.
' BARBER shop, 627 _ Clay St., for sale cheap.
Apply between 10 and 1.
FOUR-CHAIR barber shop for sale, cheap;
'■owner goirrs; East. 218 Montgomery aye.
' RARBER shop for sale. 750 H Howard at.
BARBERS!- Two-chair shop for sale: cheap.
If sold by Monday. 1074% Howard st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law A Adjustment Co.. 49 Second at., r 522.
WANTED—Young man to work for his tuition
In 8 F. Barber School. 741 Howard St.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson «t.
MEN to learn the detective business; paid
while learning. 097 Market St.. room 104.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St.. where shoes are re
. paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 m1n.,75c.
PENSION stty.. E. A. Bullis. r. 40, Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar
ket—7oo rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
• free.'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisement and subscriptions hut
been opened at 1008 Market at., opposite
•Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 571 Mission at., bet. Ist and 2d sts. j
HORSES AND WAGONS.
FOR sale—Team of bays; well matched; good
drivers; stand 16V.. hands high and weigh
about 1200 pounds; parties retiring and team
must be sold. Call at 450 Montgomery St.,
between -2:30 and 4 p. m.
FOR sale—Business and saddle horses; second
hand buggies, surreys, Victoria, wagonette
__and harnesa. 24 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale cheap, express wagon, 2 horses,
harness: all flrst-class order. NW. cor.
Turk and Taylor, at stand.
TWO double express wagons, horses, harness
and stand; a bargain. Northwest corner
1 wenty-second and Valencia sta.
THREE combination horses, very stylish ln
harness or saddle, and handsome bay coach
or trap team. 311 9th st, tel. Folsom 3681.
WILL give our hauling account to purchaser
of our single truck and draujrht horse. CHI-
CjAGO_AND S. F. GROCERY CO., 270 sth st.
YOUNG big horse. $90, weight 1250 lbs; guar
anteed. Eagle Brewing Co., Eighteenth and
Harrison sta.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col
lege now ready: mailed free upon application
tO DR. E. J. CREELY,Pres..SIO Golden Gate.
Fire sale—All vehicles at reduced prices during
alterations at O'Brien's, 500 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED—PaneI top delivery wagon; state
_ where can be seen. Box 1648 C, 1008 Market.
FOR sale—Buggy; $28. 1818 Grova st.
$26—FINE business bargain for sale at 1504
Folsom st.
STYLISH horse for sale: a pacer: sound In
every respect. Box 4396, Call office.
TWO-ton coal wagon, $40: express wagon. $85:
coal wagon. $25. 100 Golden Gate aye.
GOING out of business; new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. 1680 Mission St., nr. 18th.
AUCTION sale of horses wagons and harness
every Wedpesday at 11 a. m. 827 Sixth St.
CARLOAD gentle business buggy and livery
horses E. STEWART A CO.. 220 Valencia
HOUSES TO LET.
A—PRINTED list ot houses to let; send for cir
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery, j
NORTHWEST corner Pierce and Pine sts. —
House of 10 rooms and 2 baths, electric j
lights, beam celling dining-room, cement |
basement, etc.; thoroughly modern. Apply to i
owner. GEO H. KAHN. 201 Kearny st. I
O'FARRELL and Taylor sts.—Fine 10-room
house; will turn house and roomers over to
any one buying carpets; all for $75. Box
4202, Call.
HOUSE 8 rooms and bath Inquire 126
Eddy st.
HOUSES FURNISHED—FOR SALE.
JESSIE, 478 (near Sixth) —A furnished house
of 12 rooms for sale reasonable.-
LARKIN, 413—5275; furnished house of 6
rooms: rooms earn good Income over rent.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED—To lease a flrst-class, modern resi
dence, unfurnished, ten or twelve rooma, ln
desirable district. Address particulars, in
cluding terms, to box 4126, Call.
OOTTAOES TO LET.
$27 50—TO let, cottage of 7 rooms and bath;
all ln good order. 2538 McAllister st.
INVESTMENTS.
WANTED—A man with $20,000 to take an In
terest in 3 mines located ln Nevada; money
to be used for developing purposes and neces
sary mills; over 100,000 tons of ore now ln
sight that will run from $435 to $35 per ton; .
samples of ore can be seen at room 3, 26
Montgomery st. R. E. CALLAHAN.
ASK CHALMERS CO.. 51 THIRD ST.
Gilt-edge real estate Investment; strictly -
high class; limited number shares at $100
each; we will guarantee 6 per cent per an
num, with extra dividends.
INSTALLMENT 3UTLDING.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes, 512 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due. making your ln
stallments less than rent: send for circular.
LOST AND FOUND.
LEFT on North Beach car, Kearny St., Back
containing about $540. Kinder returning
same to treasurer Southern Pacific Company,
Merchants' Exchange building, will be lib
erally rewarded.
LOST—Going from city to Oakland, 5:45 nar
row gauge boat, Saturday evening, pack of
office papers; finder will please return to
640 Mlasion at , S. F., or to 58 San Pablo
aye., Oakland, and receive reward.
LOST —A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco ln the
name of NELS A. NELSON. No. 288-720;
the finder will pleaae return to bank.
LOST—On Mlssion-st car, Monday morning,
fountain pcn fc Return business office Grand
Opera-house %nd receive suitable reward.
LOST —A beaded watch fob, black and gold
beads. Return to M. SHERMAN, box office,
Grand Opera-house; reward.
LOST—Passbook with the Mutual Savings
Bank of San Francisco; No. 14,547. Finder
will please return to bank.
LOST—Brtndle and white greyhound. Return
to Ingleslde Coursing Park and receive re
ward.
SMALL parcel containing gold thimble and a
cushion tuck; finder will please return to
7048 Guerrero st.; reward.
LOST—lrish setter, sore on right front leg;
return 1215 Golden Gate aye.; $5 reward.
• LAUNCHES FOB HBH.
C. A. McNEILITIaUNCH CO., foot of Clay
st.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS
TO order —renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-84 Howard St.: phone South 216.
MEDICAL.
LADIES who are ln trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Francisco
who has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience without a failure has
put him at the head. He guarantees relief
or no pay-
DR. WHITE. 702 Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL—AII who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu
nate helped; the most dlfncult cases treated;
every case taken; immediate relief; no poi
soning drugs; low fees; my methods will cure
all cases of Irregularity; by consulting me
save time and money. Advice free. Office,
1018 Market et.
LADlES—Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor yet
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE
LIABLE graduate physician. When ln trou
i ble confide ln me. Irregularities relieved;
j the unfortunate helped; I promise best atten
tion and no danger; I guarantee prompt re
sults or no charge. Room 1. Eat. 14 years,
j DR. E. G WEST, office 305 Kearny at.
I MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe
male troubles and irregularities! Instant re
lief guaranteed. 1008H Market at., opp. sth.
: MRS. DR WYETH. apeclaliat for all female
| rompialnta and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
i VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
[ sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur*a ayr-
Inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
I on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
I Oakland.
I ALL caaea of female Irregularities relieved at
I once; guaranteed treatment, $10; 30 years*
, successful experience. DRS. GOODWIN. 850
I Market St., opp. Fourth, room 37.
! DR. and MRS. DAVIES'and Hindoo Herbs;
i original method of treatment. 1226 Market.
t—-- - - - -
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladies' specialist, removed
from 1118 Market at. to 838 Mission, near 4th.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
26th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
| MISCELLANEOUS—FOB SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover it with Mastic Rooflng. It la best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
, Rooflng Oement will stop small leaks. Write
us about It. Elaterite Rooflng Co., 713 Market.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN
TOSH &_WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
i ALMOST new single harness for sale.
i ply blacksmith shop. Fell and Gougb sts.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1905.
FREE TO OUR SMALL AD PATRONS FREE
AParis Panel Photograph
of Yourself
To Be Taken by the ELITE PHOTOGRAPH STUDIO
838 Market Street
the ho.dcrs of
' 'j?*- • j i
.... j —
if ft- -iiJ lo any person pre "
- senting a small ad. at
our ofiicc
Thursday, Friday or Saturday
FOR
THE SUNDAY CALL
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE a OAKLAND OFFICE
THIRD AND MARKET STS. T 1016 DROADWAY
MISCELLANEOUS—FOB SALE—Con.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry sold on credit
by paying one-fifth down, balance payable at
your own convenience. Pacific Jewelry Co.,
21 Stockton St., second floor.
A—BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITE LAW, 253-255 Bpear st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
TWO good family cows for sale cheap. 3070
Twenty-third st., near Folsom.
FOLDING go-cart, child's crib & box bed
lounge. Inquire 172 Minna, r. 12; no dealers.
scales, %2&. BACIGALUPi.~~7BO
Mission st.
TALKING machine records; second hand; good
condition. 307 Sansome st., room 8.
SAFES and desks at nearly cost; must make
room. Richardson Bros., 123 New Montgmry.
SAFES and cash registers; new snd second
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1325 Market st.
A VERY fine sealskin coat for sale at a bar
gain at Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Market.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post at.
SAFES—New and second-hand. THE HER
MANN SAFE CO., 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sires. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ROOMS papered, $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel. Main 418.
MISCELLAJgEOUS WAETS.
AA AAA—Highest prices for ladles', rents' cast
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825. 650 Sacramento.
Highest prices paid for ladles' and gents' cast
off clothing. Tllton, 154 9th; tel. Jessie 3916.
PAYS special price cast-off fancy ladles' dress
es, gents' cldthes. 922 Folsom; tel. Red 77.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER * CO., r. 405, Adams
bldg., 206 Kearny st.; phone Black 3036.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BEBT inducements; best selection of stock.
Over 10 years' experience renting pianos.
Square pianos and organs; $1 per month.
Good uprights, $2 and $2 50 per month.
One year rental allowed.
The best instrument in the city for $3 month
SCOTT CURTAZ. 560 Hayes at.
ATTENTION, piano buyers!-—investigate our
seccnd-hafrd planoa, taken ln exchange dur
ing holiday sale; prices away down; rents, $2
up, allowed if purchased; installments, 14
up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary at.;
Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
AUCTION Jan. 24, 1906; annual storage sale,
27 high-grade new second-hand pianos, stor
age furniture, desks, safes, etc.: sale bona
fide. WHITEHEAD'S Storage. 1636 Market.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS—Continued.
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS.
1 French upright $55
1 Stoddard; mahogany $115
Also one Chickerlng, Weber, Vose, Sterling,
Stelnway Curtaz, Rudolph, Fischer, Haines
and others. Easy payments. BEN J. CUR
TAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
FOR Bale.—A fine Chickerlng piano, cheap. 2750
Lombard st.
$60 UPRIGHT; one $30 upright; one good
square. $20. HORNUNG. 218 McAllister st.
A SMALL Stelnway upright; cost $500; $185
takes It. 237 Geary st.
ELEGANT uprights.new & 2d-hand.s4s to $500.
Pierces Piano Factory. Market and 14th sts.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay
ments. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chickerlng baby grand;
Shoninger, little used. Keeffe's, 286 O'Farrell.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAAAA—A CONFIDENTIAL and reputable
place to borrow money on the following:
Salaries.
Life insurance policies.
Chattel mortgages.
Undivided Interests.
Gooda In bond.
Legaciea.
Second and third mortgages.
Estates in probate.
Life eatatea.
Rents.
Special department for loans to ladles on
their notes.
Privates offices for ladies and gentlemen.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton St., near Market,
2d floor. Phone Bush 484.
AAAA—THE Portland Jewesry Co. will make
you very liberal loans on your diamonds,
sealskin or any valuables at the low rate of
two (2) per cent per month; If you do not
wish to call, phone us (phone Bush 484) and
the manHger of our loan department will call
on you; all business strictly confidential.
25 STOCKTON ST.. NEAR MARKET
Private offices at 21 Stockton st., 2d floor.
N. B.—The only loan office west of New
York that has a fire and burglar proof vault
on the premises; free use ot same to all cus
tomers.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5Vj AND 6 PER CENT
CITY, OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRf
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es
tates In probat-. undivided Interests In prop
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 6924.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount oa
Ist, 2d or 3d
Mortgages, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
t of property,
Location, etc.
Box 228. Call office, 1
LOAN—Continue!.
AAA—HERMAN MURPHY,
601-002-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expensea by dealing directly.
Eatate, aecond mortgages, undivided Inter
ests, assignments of rents, property ln trust,
etc.: legaciea, life estates and undivided in
terest* In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one, confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 463 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
978 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market and 27 Third.
A—ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate:
Ist or 2d mortgages or on any security ; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 ("reary. room 36.
MONEY loaned to salaried people,. retail mer
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business ln 46
principal cities. TOLMAN, 563 Parrott bldg.
HONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stonea bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'B. 10 Sixth at.
PRIVATE —Money loaned on salaries without
security: diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cel.-Loan C 0.,523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commlaslon; no publicity; $25 up: quick.
confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
MONEY loaned on mining and oil stocks.
WILLIAM HINKEL A CO.. 326 Pine st.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co.. 420 California St.. rooms 14 and 15.
SALARIED people on note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 126-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bunk bid.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans Ao salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Say. Bk. Uldg
ALL loans on diamonds A Jewelry ac - per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TRF.MAIN. room 81, 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
CHEAPEST and best In America—The Week'y
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
portage raid.
OFFICES AND SJjTOKES TO LET.
Apartments, 730 O'Farrell—Ele
gant 3-room parlor suite on ground floor:
suitable for doctor or dentist.
RENTS reduced; offices to let: 289 Post, cor.
Stockton: all light rooms; Janitor and ele
vator aervlcea.
GOOD lease for sale: space 15x15; 2 doors from
Market st. Box 4220. Call.
PATEHTB. '
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at
torney-at-law. « Hobart bldg., 532 Market at.
PERSONALS.
A—MME. GILLINGHAM, dermatologist; rates
this week; ladles with one-halt the face
treated can be seen daily; will show perma
nency; home for patients; my personal care
given; will teach; write or call for booklet.
143 Stockton.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im
proves Its growth, stops failing.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists',hairdressers'ac
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres, dealer In
carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth St.. Oakland
RUGS made from old carpeta; ingrain, brus
sels, tapestry and moquette; chenille curtains
woven into new rugs. Fluff Rug Factory,
862 Market St.. Oakland: take West Bth car.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. G. 8 MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
I FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
I JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1893. 2122 Fillmore st ; phone Geary 2053.
lAT lees than cost; uncalled for suits, over
! coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS',
I London Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
| FURNITURE CO., 340 Post St., near Powell.
! INFANTS adopted; housekeeping rms If de
sired. Dr. Funke. 1416 Eighth st., Alameda.
i EASY installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt.
| WRINKLES, freckles, moles, superfluous hair
removed; latest meth. Mme. Marie. 1042 Ellis.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; electric needle.
I Mrs. Eaton. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 88.
| MRS. DR. GWYER, 511 A Leavenworth St., be
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
) $1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market at., between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you ln fine clothing.
Art Tailoring, 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas.
I TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
i MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wlcs;
I country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
| ALFREDI'M'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
j hair to Its natural color. $1 at all druggists'.
j A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—The Weekly Call.
; 16 pgges. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O* DONNELL—Office and residence,
102 m Market nt.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu
lar atentlon paid to diseases of women.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES ln EARS
positively cured; new methods; one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottingham, 9 Powell st.
, BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Marketit.
j REMOVED—DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo
cated at 667 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor—All dls
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay at
PROPOSALS.
MANUFACTURE of clothing—Office Depot
Quartermaster. 36 New Montgomery, st., San
Francisco. Cal.. Jan, 4. 1906 —Sealed propo
sals. In triplicate, subject to usual condi
tions, will be received here until 10 o'clock
a. m.. Pacific standard time, on Friday,
January 20, 1905, and then opened, for manu
facturing 3600 pairs of dress trousers (the
Quartermaster Department furnishing the
materials), as per specifications to be seen
at this office. Further Information and blank
proposals will be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals to be mark
ed: "Proposals for Trousers. No. 10,499,"
to be opened January 20 1905, and ad
dressed to MAJOR C. A.' DEVOL. Q. M..
U. b. A.. Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for coal—Office Depot Quarter
master, 36 New Montgomery street, San
Francisco, Cal.. Jan. 16, 1905.—Sealed pro
posals, ln triplicate, subject to usual condi
tions, will be received here until 3:20
o'clock j?. m., Pacific Standard Time, Thurs
day. February 9, 1905, and then opened, for
furnishing 5000 tons best specially selected
lump coal (2240 lbs to ton), at Honolulu,
H. T. x The United States reserves right to
accept or reject any or all bids or any part
thereof. Further Information and blank pro
posals furnished on application. Envelopes
containing proposals to be marked "Proposals
for Coal No. 368." and addressed to MA
JOR C. A. DEVOL, Q. M., U. S. A., Depot
Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal. Jan. 18, 1905.—Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m., February 16, 1905, and
then opened, for replanklng and repairing
wharf at Presidio of San Francisco, Cal., in
cluding cluster, spring and fender piles.
Government reserves the right to reject or
accept any or all bids In whole or ln part.
Information furnished on application to WM.
8. PATTEN. Assistant Quartermaster Gen
eral. Chief Quartermaster.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE —Phoenix Savings, B. &
L. Association —For the six months ending
December 30, 1904. dividends have been de
clared as follows: On Participating Stock at
the r«.te of 9 per cent per annum; on Term
Certificates at the rate of 5 per cent per
annuß,; on Ordinary Savings Accounts at the
rate of 4% per cent per annum, free of taxes
and payable on and after January 20, 1905.
The Phoenix has a guarantee capital of
$200,000 and a total paid-in capital of $1.
-500,C00. Its board of directors are: A. A.
Watklns, president; Charles R. Bishop, vice
„ president; S. Prentiss Smith, treasurer;
George C. Boardman, director; Gavin Mc-
Nab director; Charles E. Ladd, director.
CLARENCE GRANGE,
Secretary and Managing Director.
REDEMPTION BONDS.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS—
Notice is hereby given that, pursuant to the
provision of article eight of the mortgage
from this company to the Central Trust Com
pany of New York, trustee, dated August 1,
1899, this company has set apart out of the
net income derived by lt from the lines of
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of twen
ty-five thousand dollars In trust to be used
to redeem said bonds, and that bonds Issued
under said mortgage will be redeemed there
with. Bids are hereby invited for the sur
rehdvi of such bonds at prices to be named
by the bidders, to the amount of 126.670 80,
ln the sinking fund. Such bids should be
presented to this company at Its office. 120
Broadway, in the city of New York, on or
befor« the 14th day of February, 1906, at 12
o'clock noon, and should be Indorsed "Bids
lor Surrender of Central Pacific Railway
Company First Refunding Bonds."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY,
By E. H. HARRIMAN. President.
New York, January 18, 1906.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY
(OF CALIFORNIA)—FIRST CONSOL
IDATED MORTGAGE FIVE PER CENT
GOLD BONDS OF 1893—Notice is hereby
given that the board of directors of this j
company has determined to use to redeem i
First Consolidated Mortgage Five Per Cent >
Gold Bonda of the Southern Pacific Railroad ,
Company (of California) $20,477 72 now in
the sinklnc fund for the redemption and pay- !
mept of bonds of that issue, and that bonds ;
of such issue will be redeemed therewith. :
Bids are hereby Invited for the surrender of j
such bonds at prices to be named by the
bidder*. Such bids should be deposited with :
Andrew X Van Deventer. assistant treas- |
urer of the Southern Pacific Railroad Com- 1
pany. at his office, 120 Broadway. New York
City, at or before 12 o'clock noon, on the
14th day of February. 1006, and should be
lndorbed, "Bids for Surrender of Southern
Pacific Railroad Company (of California)
Five Per Cent Bonds."
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COM PANY,
By E. H. HARRIMAN. President.
New York. January 16. 1906.
LEGAL NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Dec. 15. 1904.—T0
whom it may concern: Be it hereby known
that the co-partnership heretofore existing
between D. J. O'HARA and F. J. MONA
HAN, under the firm name of MONAHAN.
O'HARA A CO., Is hereby dissolved. The
said D. J. O'HARA withdrawing from trie
vaid concern and his name discontinued.
DANIEL J O'HARA F. J MONAHAN
I HAVE disposed of my oyster and chop house
business at Third st. to Savas Chrsta
dulos; all outstanding accounts must be pre
sented for payment by January 20, 1906.
PIRES STRES.
I~HAVE disposed of my business at 5 Eighth
St. to PETE PALLES; nil outstanding ac- i
"ounts must b" presented for payment within
thre-- days. GEORGEQS PAPAMITSIU.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES,
Storage A Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725
-731 Howard at., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 10 Drumm st.;
phone Main 31: JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, ahipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com
pany, 2320 Fillmore at.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
ESTATE—CITY—FOB SALE^
ONLY A-FEW LEFT
*1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on grade;
close to fine school and Misslon-st. electric
cars; bound to double ln value.
$400 each on Installments of $10 per month;
no taxes: fine lots, near Ocean boulevard;
best residence location south of Golden Gate
Park; these are the cheapest lots ln this dis
trict; advancing In price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
SO Montgomery St.. r 8. Phone Main 8704.
TWO elegant new flats for sale on the east
ride of Diamond St.. bet. 17th and 18th. D.
CONDON, builder and owner, on premises.
$7000 —HALF cash; new, sunny flats; freacoed,
tinted: 5 and 6 rooms; baths; attic. 2085
-2087 Golden Gate aye., near Central.
NEW, modern 9-room house, new barn, for sale
on easy terms. Box 4264. Call office.
HAVE fine income property for sale near City
Hall. Intending purchaser call 162 Fulton st.
BARGAIN in finely finished h.me; choice lo
catlon, fine view. Box 3531. (all office.
GOOD work our motto; prices moderate. AHL.
BACH A MAYFR. plumbers. 536 Howard St.
BAH MATEO HEAL EBTATH.
LOMITA PARK. LOMITA PARK,
LOMITA PARK.
On the line of San Mateo electric cams 4J
minutes from Fifth and Market sta.
Bower and water pipes lalA
Pure artesian water.
Lota $400 and up.
Outside the fee belt.
$10 to $50 down and $10 per mends,
Go down and investigate.
Maps sent on application.
SELBY, RODGERS * CO.,
Main 673. 116 Calif oral* at
Alww st Lomlta Park.
ALAMEDA ADVERTOMTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$3800 —TWO new flats. 6 rooms, laundry and
bathrooms in each; fiats will rent for $20
each; built of the beat material by good car
penter by day work; high basement; walks
lead to back yard; easy terms If desired: gas
and electric lights; everything latest style.
H. R AITON CO.. 1233 Park St., Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BEBKELET HEAL ROTATE.
NEW 5-room cottage, bath, pantry, electrio
lights and gas, pretty mantel, combination
fixtures, shades; concrete foundation; all
fenced and cross fenced; city water; lot 40x
136; price $2300; terms, $150 cash, balance
$20 monthly; open Sundays. O. A RU
DOLPH, Lorln Station, Bouth Berkeley.
BARGAIN—AImost new 5-room cottage, bath,
pantry, gas and electric llghta; windmill and
4000-gal. tank: lot 35x120; street work done;
close to Key route; price, $2150; terms. $200
cash, balance $20 monthly; open Sundays.
O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorln Station, South
Berkeley.
NEW 6-room cottage, bath, pantry, folding
doors, large reception hall, cosy den, gas
and electric lights; rooms tinted; picture
molding; combination fixtures; decorated
ceilings; 2 blocks to Key Route and 8. P.
station; street work done; price, $2850;
terms. $500 cash, balance same as rent. O.
A. RUDOLPH, Lorin Station, South Berke
ley. Open Sundays.
6 ROOMS; modern; lot 40x75; fine location In
South Berkeley; 4 blocks from Key Route;
$2600; $200 cash, balance like rent.
Neat 6 room house, 1% stories, with good
woodshed, chicken-houses, etc.; lot 30x100;
$1060; $100 caan, balance $11 40 per month.
W. N. RUSSELL,
301 California St., San Francisco, Cal.
BERKELEY BOOMS AND BOABD.
PLEASANT sunny rooms with board ln private
boarding-house. 2313 Durant aye., Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTW'TS
OFFICE. 1018 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND BEAL ESTATE.
THIS IS A BARGAIN!
THIS IS A BARGAIN!
$0000—Worth $7500. $6000—Worth $7500.
$6000—Worth $7500. $6000—Worth $7500.
MUST BE SOLD.
MUST BE 80LD.
The choicest and most sightly lot ln Pied
mont; 100 feet frontage on two streets by a
depth of over 300 feet; all street work com
plete; surrounded by elegant residences; con
venient to cars; grand view of Golden Gate,
San Francisco. Marin bills, the bay of Oak
land; easy terms; muat be sold.
J. H. MACDONALD A CO ,
1052 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
BARGAIN!
$6000 will buy a fine $8000 home.
MUST BE SOID.
MUST BE SOLD.
Fine home of 9 rooms and all conveniences;
surrounded by palms; lot 160 feet front; lot
surrouoded by three streets; on electric line;
almost entirely free from fogs; climatic condi
tions unexcelled.
If you wish a fine sheltered home see this
property, lt Is in the Piedmont district.
For particulars see
J. H. MACDONALD * CO.,
1062 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
ELEGANT residence lots, 40x120 and 40x200
each, ln Piedmont district; 3 short blocks tJ
"Key Route" depot; one block from Broad
way; elevated ground; fine view; street work
"complete; entirely new neighborhood; 30 min
utes to San Francisco; convenient to Country
Club.
FOR PRICES AND TERMS SEE
J. H. MACDONALD & CO.,
1062 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
$2600 IS the price, and don't miss this If yon
want a chance to buy a swell 6-room East
lake cottage. located ln the center of town,
only 5 minutes' walk from local train, la
choice resident neighborhood: lot 30x100; all
large, sunny rooms, having east frontage;
high basement; don't fall to investigate this.
Only $2750—Must be sold at once; 7-rooin
colonial house, modern in every partlcula.;
open plumbing, porcelain bath, gas and elec
tricity; all large rooms; 4 bedrooms upstairs:
good-sized lot; fine neighborhood and must be
sold at once; price only $2750; very easy terms;
owner must sell on account of change In busi
ness location.
$0260—Elegant home ot 9 rooms; lot 75x125;
fine marine view; terraced lawn; stone *t*p»
and cement walks and walls around entire
property; 5 oak and maple mantels; oak nni«h
In hall and dining-room; construction guaran
teed, aa this was the former home of our
Governor and built of the best material money
could buy. This property must be sold at
once; easy terms or trade for smaller Income
property.
KREISB & HORSWILL,
1070 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$250 CASH. $10 monthly till paid up—New
cottage of 4 good-sized rooms; lobby, pan
try, etc.; Al well of water; city water If
wanted; 4 lots. 100x100, all fenced; more
land if needed; cheap; near electric car line
and but a few minutes to local steam cars
to S. F.: deep, sandy loam soil; high and
dry; ln fine location; away from fogs and
raw winds; adjoining East Oakland: near fine
school and churches; come and see It; It's
a gem: price In all, $1250: call or send for
circular. 455 7th St., opp. Broadway station,
Oakland: carriage free. H. Z. JONES.
NICE, modern house, nearly new; near Lake
Merritt; close to new street car extension,
Just ln operation, greatly Increasing value;
7 roomi: lot 66x232: price reduced to $3000;
$200 cash, balance like rent.
Nine rooms; modern; lot 60x100; lying
high with cement retaining wall; in East
Oakland, near new Key Route service; $3500.
$300 cash, balance like rent.
W. N. RUSSELL,
301 California st.. San Francisco. Cal.
IF YOU SEE IT YOU WILL BUY IT.
For sale —$2850; cottage. 5 rooms, hall,
bath, pantry, high ba«ement. stationary tub<=:
lot 25x100; only 15 minutes' walk from
Broadway: beet value In Oakland for the
money. SNOW, real estate. 468 Eleventh
st.. Oakland.
BARGAIN—Home snd good living: corner lot;
store. 4 rooms; barn; $1660. 421 Vs Twelfth
at.. Oakland.
OAKLAND JrTTErTTTTJRE TOB SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains ln furni
ture. H. Schelhaas.llth at., cor,store,Oakland.
lor Additional Classified Advertise,
mente See Page IX
1112
REAL ESTATE—COUHTET—For Sale.
INVEST YOUR MONEY IN LAND IN SUT
TER COUNTY.
$65 an acre buy* choice orchard land within
• three mile* of three large fruit canneries,
'two dried fruit packing establishments and a
large winery; best market center for all kinds
•of fruit; the Butte County Irrigation ditch
coming this way; surveys under way for
two electric lines to traverse this section
and an overland road (the Western Pacific*
passing through here all point to a large in
crease in land values; four dally passenger
trains to San Francisco each day now; no
other section offers a' better opportunity for
profitable Investment: also have some good
• dredge mining propositions.
Address M. J. NEWKOM. Real Estate
Dealer. 406 Second st.. Marysville, Cal.
A SNAP.
$2800 cash will buy an 800-acre stock ranch
ln Sonoma County; house, barn, orchard and
vineyard; plenty water and wood: especially
good for hog raising; must be sold at once
on account of disagreement between owners.
' See P. C. LASSEN A CO., 466 Tenth st,
Oakland, Cal.
A SURE PLACE FOR A HOME.
We have a few Improved and unimproved
farms, situate In Santa Cruz and Monterey
Counties, where there are no dry years; no
booms no malaria: the best climate and
water in the State. Apply GAFFEY A MA
HON. 11 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
ATTENTION. HOMES EEKERB!
Send postal for catalogue of the beat land
bargains In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
848 Market at.
MEHLO FABH BEAL ESTATE. J
A—MENLO PARK-PAIR OAKS.
Lars;* villa site* and tract* of from ens te
Aye acre*, beautifully wooded and ready for
building. Convenient to station and ln beet
part ot Fair Oaks and Menlo Park. Road work J
free of expense to buyers. Exceptionally
easy terms. Finest climate ln vicinity of city.
Unexcelled educational facilities. For particu
lars writ*
SELBY. RODGERS * CO., /
Main 078 116 California Wt
HXJaTBTUBST BEAL ESTATE.
$000— ACREAGE; S to 10 acre tracts, $600
per acre; on S. P. R. R. track.
$1000—4-room house and lot; bath, pantry and
toilet; half block from electric car*.
If you want suburban property see JAMES
J. O'TOOLE. Elmhurst.
BOOMS FOB HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT, 421—One or two nicely furnished
sunny rrTorns for housekeeping: gaa.
CASTRO, 429, nr. Seventeenth, rear—B pleas- j
ant sunny private housekeeping rooms; large
yard: $io.
CHURCH,.BO1 —Sunny rooms for housekeeping; '
reasonable.
ELEVENTH, 106— Nicely furnished rooms. !
complete for housekeeping; gas; bath; $10. ;
iJEARY, 1225—Fine parlor auite of rooms, fac
ing Geaty st.; grand location; nice view, and
terms reasonable.
GUERRERO, 260, bet. 14th and 15th—Pretty,
newly fur., sunny, housekpg. rms.; kitchen
compiete; water; bath; gas stove; reasonable.
HYDE and Washington (apply 1509 Wash.)—
• Suites 2 or 3 rooms for hkpg.; newly fur.
JESSIE, 323—Largo sunny front parlor; gas
range, bed and cot; $3 75 week; others cheap.
LEAVENWORTH, 212—3 housekeeping rooms;
sonny.
MAYBELLE. 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness aye —
Sunny furn. 2 and 3 room suites; $19, $26.
MISSION, 911 *>a —Housekeeping rooms and
single room* to let at reasonable prices.
OAK, 117—Rooms, complete, housekeeping; $5
to $12; gas range; hot bath; adults.
O'FARRELL, 1395— Nicely furnished sunny
. front housekeeping suite; $16.
SECOND, 212 —Furnished rooms for house
keeping; central; clean; quiet; no children.
SEVENTEENTH. 2521. East Bryant—3 furn.
.hpg. rms, up. flat; grate, range; adults; $12.
TWELFTH, 136—2 or 3 sunny furnished rooms;
housekeeping; gas and grate; complete.
AFABTMENTS WA-TTED. ~
"" 11 ;
8-ROOM apartment wanted; furnished and up
to-date; give location and rates. Box 4897
Call office.
ROOMS TO LET—Furn. aad Unfurn. j
A—BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st —Rooms I
. 26c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. I
ATKINS, corner Third st. and Park lane—New
• brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold I
water; electric lights; only first-class house I
in locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)—Room-, 25c to 50c, $1, $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND Hou?e: over Owl drug etore; 2 en- I
• trances, 1120 Market and 21 Turk—Electrio
light*, running water In every room- 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BUSH, 610 A—Newly furnished suite ln corner
flat; also single room; private family.
. BUSH, 806—Large alcove and single room for
'gentleman with good references; no signs.
BRYANT, 571—Furnished room to let
CLEMENTINA, 426—Sunny furnished room; $5
per month.
DORLAND. 26—Nice front room to let
EDDY, 432— Finely furnished rooms; all con
venlerrces; very reasonable.
ELLIS, IS2s—Furnished rooms.
FILLMORE. 923. near McAllister—2 nice back
rooms, suitable for couple.
TOUR unfurnished rooms and bath, ln flat oc
• cupied by physician; Union St., west of"
Van Ness: $14; references; no small children.
Box 4053. Call office.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission—Rooms 35c
' _'!_f * 1 25 $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
"HOWARD. 715—Furnished rooms, single or '
double; central location.
JONES, 951 —Sunny, furnished parlor, piano;
choice location; large front room; con. bath.
KEARNY, 104—Sunny unfurhiahed front ;
iulte* of 2 and 3 rooms, $11. $18. $20; bath. I
KEARNY, 418—Fine front sunny room* for
$2 50 to S5 per week.
LAGUNA, 702—Nice sunny furnished front
room for gentleman.
MARKET, 719— Furnished rooms, newly reno
vated; double or single; by the day. week
cr month.
MARKET 1049 romsT
>2 ..0 to $, week; hatha; elevator; also hskpg.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third St.—4oo
single and family rooms 35c to $l 60 per day
■5 JO JS week; the only new and modern '
noiei and rooming-house ln San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free baths and ele
vator day and night to its guests.
NINTH. 157 —A nice, sunny, furnished front
room and others; gas and bath.
OAK, 2035—Furnished rooms; also housekeep
ing rooms: running water, bath, phone: rea
sonable.
O'FARRELL 208 —
front rooms; also fclngle, suitable 2 gentle- !
men.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis-Incandescent lights"- I
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par- ;
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week ;2
»o $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
TURK. 123—Clean, sunny furnnished rooms,
with board; suite or single; $5 up.
VAN NESS aye.. 314—1 large front room $18;
smai: sunny room, $9.
VAN NESS aye.. 314—Sunny front room,
large. $18; small room $8.
VENDOME. 1104 Market -Furn. room* suite
or nngle; suite $5 week up. 15 Turk. '
UNITED BTATES. 123 Eddy, nr.
rcoms 36c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus, baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44~3d St., nr. 1
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
36c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $8 week; elevator
elec. lights; readlug-rocm; free bus, baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for The recep
trcn of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions rec*lved~at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
BOOMS AND BOABD.
HOTEL Baltimore, 1016 Van Ness ave.—Flrst
. class hotel, on American plan; families es
pecially; elegant rooms, all modern and
every convenience; very sunny; fine views;
table unsurpassed. H. C. SHANNON, prop.
HOTEL L'AIGLON 601 Geary st—Large!
sunny rooms, board; suites, with board for 2,
§80 mo.; single, with board, $25 up; special
family rates; Just renovated.
■ »OOHB ACT BOABd>—Q„t_n*_
LARGE, sunny, corner room; grate; running
water; with or without board; also room
with running water, with or without board.
Box 4008, Call office.
HOTEL COMORA, 621 O'Farrell—Superior
table, rooms, furnishing, service; attractive
grounds.
CALIFORNIA. $07—Beet room*, table and ser
vice ln the city for the least money.
JONES. 434, flat B—Suite, with bath, and
single room*; board; new house; no signs.
THE DRESDEN, 1442 Fulton St., near Baker-
Select family boarding house.
PINE. 793—Large parlor suite, with excellent
board, for two; $50 per month.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
i BOARD and suite of rooms wanted for man and
wife; state lowest terms; must be first class.
Box 4298. Call office.
WANTED—Room and board for a gentleman;
east of Larkln st. Address box 4197. Call.
BFBOIAJ- HOTIOEB.
ST FRANCIS" Girls' Directory Orphan Asy
lum hereby gives notice that the following
orphan, half-orphan and abandoned girls
and boys have been admitted to the asylum
from July 1 1904, to January 1, 1905: Mary
Ada Dolan.' 11 years: Louisa Guglieri. 7
years; Irene Guglieri. 6 years; May Condon,
6 years, • months; Aloyslus Condon, 4 years,
2 months; Angelina Antonia, 11 years; Refu
gio Antonia. 4 years; Margarita Antonia. 2
years, Paul Martinell, 6 years, 7 months;
Howard Lehey, 6 years. • months! Barbara
Whltelock, 7 years; Julia WhttelocH, 8 years;
Emma Berntntl. 4 years; Charles Serventi.
11 months; Frances J. Ken art ck. 8 years. 4
months: Gladys Smith, 2 years. $ months;
May Harrtgan, 9 years; Andrew Rlos, 4
years. 2 montha; Manuel Tlburtlus Rlos, 3
years. 6 montha; George Davis, 6 years, 10
months; Benjamin Davis, 5 years, 10 months-
Mabel Bherer, 7 years: Thomas Gorman. 6
years: Bessie Gorman, 4 years; Willie Gor
man 2 years: Irene Wilson, 6 years: Made
line Wilson, 8 year*; Harica Forno, 7 years;
Jennie Gettenby, 6 years; John Porter. 7
years: Frank Porter, a years; Nicholas Por
ter, 3 years; Carrie Cano, 9 years; Nettle
Cane 7 years: Ralph Cano, S years; Cath
erine Emilia Wlsebr, 9 years; Mary Cooney,
12 years; Theresa Mulvihill, 10 years; Fran
ces Mulvihill. 7 years; Emily Kane 10 years;
Charlotte Kane, 6 years; Thomas Rodriguez,
4 years; Emilio Rodrlgues, 11 months; An
nie Kohl. 7 years; Ada Torras, 9 years:
Joseph Cast ell. 2 years: Bertha Elchler, 8
years; Hazel Harrison, 11 years; Grace Har
rison, 7 years: Gertrude Harrison. 4 years;
Mary Quatararo, 7 years; Carlo Quatararo,
6 years; Thomaaita Corvera, 7 years; Ray
mond Corvera, 4 years; Estefana Ortega, 9
years; Albert Ortega, 7 years; Christina
Cano. 2 years.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home i
Society hereby glvea notice that It has ad- j
mltted Into the orphanage from July 1, 1904. |
to December 31, 1904. the following named
orphans and half orphans, boys and girls,
viz: Marian Newman, aged 7 yeara and 2
months; Nathan Llndeman, 12 years and 11
months, and Charles Llndeman, 11 years and
11 montha.
NOTICE la hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st. has received the
following half-orphan gjrl from October L
1904. to January 1. 1906: Margaret Miller,
age : ■■ 11 months.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
LAST week of our annual sale. We have a
number of practically new Whltea, slightly
shopworn, that must be sold at enoe, re
gardless of cost to make. Also a lot of used
machines of other makes that wUI go at
any price. White Sewing Machine Co.. Ml
Market St.
DOMESTIC—The machine for family us*; beet
Is cheapest; second-hand all make* at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes
tic office, 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand, $3. $5. $8; slightly
used, $10, $15, $20; you know where the dolls
swing In the window. 1061 Market at.
ALL kinds bought, aold and repairing gustran
teed. ("HAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission at.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No.
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriter* at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange, 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co., 508 Market.
VXATL
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for It.
VIAVI CO., Van Ness. Phone East 282.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE system; 2 schools; 810
521 Franklin. Inquire 521 Franklin. 8 to 12
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
William A. McGrill. 26. 631 Bryant street,
and < nrlstlna T - Wilson, 22, Black Diamond.
Thomas F. McGulre. 2H, 1341 Webster street
and Sophia V. Bodel. 23. 348 Hayes street.
John H. Jones. 31, Oakland, and Annie J.
Williams, 27. Oakland.
Lee B. Ewers. 21, 1317 Gough street, and
Mary R. Tweedy, 20. 072 Post street.
John G. Holm. 26, 1412 Powell street, and
Alky M. Nethercott, 29. Sacramento.
Matthias A. J. Leu. 80, 1710 Harrison street,
and Dorothea Heltmuller, 25, 492 Eighth st.
Eliott L. Dunn, 24, Bonham, Tex. and
Laura M. Kimbrough, 22, Fort Smith, Ark.
Henry F. Oehlert, 40. 570 Hayes street, and
Rotette Brady. 29. 229 Franklin street.
Adam L. Schuppert, 46, city, and Jennie H.
Mei'urdy, 36, city.
Jtt-eph A. Goodfellow, 24, 121 Twenty-sev
entn street, and Marguerite Howell, 21, 3636
Army street
Charfea H. McGruder, 26, city, and Fanny
Fleischman, 23. city.
Frank A. Sherf. 28, 436*4 Sixth street, and
Alii c J. Atkinson. 25. 646 Folsom street.
Jew Chew Ham, 30, 328 Washington street,
and Gone Gue, 21, 44 Washington place. \
Hugo Munder. 27. 956 Fifth avenue South,
and Fl< ttnee E. Freitas. 19, .843 Tenth street.
Abrrhtm 8. Sullivan, 21. 046 Fillmore
street, and Llla H. Berry, 18, 3126 Twenty
se .• mo" street.
William F. McGovern, 30, Halfmoon Bay,
and Delia Cochrane, 24. Malfmrnn Bay.
Richard F. Smith. 25, •154 Page street, and
Margaret R. Donahue, 22. 40 South Park.
John Nelson. 21. 759 Market street, and
Minnie E. Schultzbcrg. 21. 1117 Clay street.
William G. Smith. 36. 326 Ellis street, and
Martha G. Ewing. 23, Alameda.
Edwin E. Roller, S3, 718 Valencia street,
ami Rosa A. Prlser. 18. 1775 Mission street.
BIRTHS—MARRIAGES—DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
JOHNSON—In this city, January IS, 1905,
to the wife of H. S. Johnson, a son.
McCREERY—In this city, January lt 1905,
to the wife of William J. McCreery, a'son.
VANNATTA—In this city, January 9, 1905,
to the wife of Charles E. Vannatta, a
MARRIED.
JAKOBS —RICO—In Monterey, Cal., Novem
ber 5. 1904, by the Rev. R. M. Mestres,
FYank C. Jakobs and Agnes R Rico.
DIED.
Aiken. Matthew—7::. Hlldebrand Wm.—9l.
Allen, Frederick—Bs. Hovey, Jane—B2
Behrens, ( aptain W'il- Jackson, rialsey—so.
Ham c. Jacobson. Annette—B7.
Lesby, Henry .1.-66. Kerr Peter—32
Boysen, Inga—s6. Levy. Gusta—Bl.
Busch. Herman—49. Martlnonl Victoria.
Butcher, Christina—37 McMahon, Catherine.
Conway. Mary E. —68. Moffat Marlon—2s
Crowley, Jane. 'Nelson. August G.—22.
Dallas. John T.—43. I Neilsen Harry—2l
Donanoe,Daniel P.—B6 Nyberg, Wm. A.—36.
Dreman. Geo. 8.—53. |Petltplerre, A.—62
Fallon. Charles John, j Taylor, Wm. —1 mo
Garrett. Phoebe—74. jThomson, Mary—74. '
Gllmore. JartiM—73. Tillman, Augustus—7o
Glennon, William. ■ Vincent, Robert M. 61
Hegler, Rose—62. I
AIKEN—In this city, January 18. 1905.
Matthew Aiken, beloved brother of Mrs
Joseph Graham. Mrs. A. Rogers. Mrs m'
S. Mitchell and Mrs. R. Cafapbell a native
of Ireland, aged 73 yeara 6 months and 4
days.
CFFriends and acqualntancea are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), January 20, at 10:40 a. m., from
the residence of his sister, 21 Morris avenue
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at
11 -.30 a. m.
ALLEN—In Berkeley, January 18, 1906, Fred- '
crick W. Allen, father of W. F. Allen and I
Mrs. Mary White, a native of Maine, aged
65 years.
BEHRENS—In this city, January 17, 1906,
Captain William C, beloved husband of
Rosa Behrens, and father of Fred Engel
William H. Ring* and the'late Mrs. Rose
Preston, a native of Rostock, Germany, aged
70 years 4 months and 23 days.
EFThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), January 19, at 10 a. m., from
the new funeral chapel of Theodor Dlerks, 482
Golden Gate avenue, between Larkln and
Polk. Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
BESBY—In this city, January 16, 1005, Henry
J., dearly beloved husband of Jane Besby,
and devoted father of Joseph, William, Ed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1905.
ward Nellie, Clotllde and Anaelm Besby,
Mrs. H. S. Keller and Mrs. A. W. Grant,
a native of County Galway. Ireland, aged
66 years and 6 months. (New York and
Brooklyn papers please copy.)
*C7Frlends and acquaintances and mem
bers of Gentlemen's Sodality of St. Igna
tius are respectfully invited to attend the
funeral to-day (Thursday), at 9 a. rr...
from his late residence, 1653' Golden Gate
avenue, thence to Holy Cross Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BOY SEN—In Oakland, January 18. 1906, Inga,
beloved wife of the late Charles Boysen, and
mother of Mrs. Mattle Llndberg, Mrs. Anna
Krelss, Lillian and Daisy Boysen, a native
of Norway, aged 66 years 10 months and 12
days.
Bl'SCH—In this city, January 17. 1905, Her
man Hugo, beloved husband of Emma
Busch, and father qf Emma Busch, a native
of Germany, aged 49 years 11 months and
17 days.
f_rFriends, acquaintances and members of
San Francisco Typographical Union No. 21
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
services Friday, January 20, at 2 p. m.,
at the chapel of Charles H. J. Truman A
Co.. 1909 Mission street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth. Interment Mount Olivet Cem
etery, by carriage.
BUTCHER—In this city, January 17. 1905,
Christina M.. beloved wife of Joseoh C.
Butcher, and daughter of Frank and Mar
garet Staegllch, and sister of Frank, George
Fred and Henry BttuMlCß and Mrs. Fred
McKay, a native of San Francisco, aged 37
years 8 months and 18 days.
K7Frlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), January 20, at 2 p. m.,
at the parlors of A. W. Martin A Co.. 819
O'Farrell street. Interment strictly private.
CONWAT—Ia this city, January 18, 1908,
Mary E , relict ot the late John Conway,
and loving mother of Fred Conway and Mrs.
Walter B. IngaJla of Yuma, Art... a native
of Queens County, Ireland, aged 68 years.
E7Thc funeral will take place this day
(Thursday) at 10:15 a. m., from the parlors
of McFadden, Mcßrearty A Green, 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CROWLEY—In this city, January 18. 1906.
at her residence,' 1901 Taylor street, Jane,
beloved wife of John Crowley, and loving
mother of Mrs. H. Corners and the late
Mrs. J. Llnaham and John Crowley, a native
of County Waterford, Ireland.
DALLAS —In this city. January 18, 1905, John
T. Dallas, beloved brother of Mrs. Mary J.
Black, "Mrs. Annie D. Morrlsey and Ltsxle,
Maria and James Dallas, a native of County
Antrim, Ireland, aced 43 years.
B_rNotloe of funeral hereafter.
DONAHOE—In this city. January IT, 1905,
Daniel P.. dearly beloved husband of Cath
erine A. Donahoe, father of Dan M., Thomas
J., Francis, Lucile. Mary and Phyllis Don
ahoe, and brother of Mrs. K. Hughes, a na
j tlve of Montreal, Canada, aged 55 years 7
months and 11 days. (Montreal papers please
cony.)
(CTP'rlenda and acquaintance are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
j (Thursday), from St. Joseph's Church at
Marysville, Cal., where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 a. m. Interment Marys
ville.
DREMAN—In this olty, January 18. 1905.
George B. Dreman. son of John F. and the
late Ann Dreman, a native of Sacramento,
Cal., aged 53 years 6 months and 10 days.
EFRemaine at the parlors of Clark A
Booth. 612-614 Van Ness avenue.
FALLON—In this city, January 18, 1906,
Charles John dearly beloved husband of
Elisabeth Fallon, and father of Amy Fallon
and Mrs. G. I. Butler. (Los Angeles and
Frederickton, N. 8., paper* pleaae copy.)
(EFFuneral private.
GARRETT—In East Oakland, January 18,
1905, Phoetfe. beloved wife of Thomas H.
Garrett, and mother of Mra. Carrie Adams,
Mrs. N. Fitsgerald and George. William,
Mlltcn and Silas Garrett, Mrs. F. M. Mar
tin and Mrs. George Bucher, a native of
Ullnrls, aged 74 years 1 month and 9 days.
GU.MORE—In thl* city. January 17, 1906,
James Gllmore. a native of Ireland, aged
73 years.
GLENNON—In this city, January 14, 1905,
William Glennon, husband of the late Bridget
Glennon. and father of Mrs. Charles Steln
bring and Mrs. James H. Doyle of Vallejo,
Cal., a native of Ireland.
CFThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par
lors of J. C. O'Connor A Co., 767 Mission
street, thence to the Church of the Most Holy
Redeemer, Eighteenth and Diamond streets,
where a requiem high mass will be cele
brated for the repose of his soul, at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
by train from Twenty-fifth and Valencia
streets at 11:35 a. m.
HEGLER—In this city, January 17. 1906. Rose,
wife of the late John H. Hegler, mother of
Edwin C. Hegler and the late F. A. and
Chester A. Hegler, and sister of Mies Hat- j
tie Peters and Mrs. June Page, a native of i
Marysville, Cal., aged 52 years 3 months and ;
1 day. (Sacramento County and Sonoma
County papers please copy.)
C 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 1:30 p. m.. at the '
chapel of Clark A Booth, 612.614 Van Ness j
avenue, between Golden Gate avenue and 1
Turk street. Remains will be cremated at
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit flowers i
HILDEBRAND—In this city, January 16, 1906! j
William C. dearly beloved husband of Char
lotta Hlldebrand. and beloved father of Wll- '
liair, Henry and Fred Hlldebrand, Mrs. C. |
Schwab and Mrs. A. Lundqulst. a native of j
Germany, aged 91 years 2 months and 23
day*.
CFFrlends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully Invite* to attend the funeral to-day |
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-flrst.
HOVEY—In this city, January 17, 1905. Jane,
beloved wife of the late George D. Hovey,
mother of Fred W., Jennie E. and George D.
Hovey and Mrs. Maude Lebo, daughter of j
Mrs. Ellen Taylor, and slater of Mrs. Ellen !
Croft, a native of England, aged 62 years 10
months and 7 days.
V? Friends and acquaintances are respect- '.
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day I
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from her;
late residence. 1409 Guerrero street, between
Twenty-sixth and Army. Interment Cypress !
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
JACKSON—In this city, January 17. 1905. |
Halsey D., beloved husband of Carrie Jack- ;
son. and brother of Andrew Jackson of '
Woodland, a native of Ohio, aged 50 years. j
(Uyßemalns at the parlors of McFadden,
Mcßrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be- I
tween Seventh and Eighth.
JACOBSON—In this city, January 18, 1905,
at her residence, 4 Folsom avenue Annette
Christen, beloved wife of the late Bernhard
Jacobson. and loving mother of Bernhard
and Alva Jacobson, a native of Sweden,
aged 37 years.
KERR—In this city. January 16, 1905. Peter,
beloved husband of Mary Kerr, and father
of Katie. John, Peter and Joseoh Kerr, a
native of County Tyrone. Ireland, aged 32
years 10 months and 29 days.
CCAhwashte Tribe No. SO, L O. R. M.— J
Chiefs and members will assemble to- 1
morrow (Friday), at 9:30 a. m.. at 1835
Market street, between Valencia and Guer
rero, to attend the funeral of our deceased
brother. Peter Kerr.
ED. DULLEN. C. of R.
R. METHMAN. Sachem.
LEVY —In this city, January 17, 1905, Gusta
Levy, beloved wife of the late Solomon Levy i
and mother of Mrs. Albert Samuels and j
Bernard, Marks D., Charles and Emanuel
Levy, a native of Plock, Poland, aged 81 1
yea rs.
fCTFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m., from her ;
late residence, 1025 Washington street. In
terment Salem Cemetery, via special funeral
car from Third and Townaend streets, leav
ing at 11:30 a. m. Please omit flowers.
MARTINONI—In this city, January 18. 1906. '
Victoria, bloved wife of Emilio Martlnonl. i
and sister of Mrs. W. E. Fulton and Stella
Petrarch!. » native of New York.
6_F Interment atrlctly private. Pleaae omit
flowers.
McMAHON —In this city, January 18. 1906,
at the residence, 0 Sumner street, Catherine
McMahcn. beloved wife of the late Matthew
McMahon, and loving mother of Mrs. A. F.
Breslen, Abner McMahon and the iate
Daniel McMahon, a native of County Lim
erick. Ireland.
MOFFAT—In this city. January 17, 1906
Marlon, beloved wife of John A. Moffat of
Golconda. Nev.. a native of Edinburgh. Scot
land, aged 25 years 7 months and 28 days.
IT-FFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Incited to attend the funeral services
to-mcrrow (Friday), at 12:30 p. m.. at the
chapel of Cypress Lawn Cemetery, leav
ing Eighteenth and Guerrero streejs at 11:30
a. m. by electric funeral car. Remains at
the chapel of Charles H. J. Truman A Co..
1009 Mission street, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth.
NKILSEN— In this city, January 18, 1905.
Harry Neilsen, beloved *on of Christian and
Hanne Neilsen. and beloved brother of
Andrew Neilsen. a native of Insel Foehr,
Schleswig-Holsteln. Germany, aged 21 years.
- E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow •
(Friday), at 2:30 p. m.. from the parlors of
Gantner Bros.. 1209 Mission street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, by 3:30 p. m. train from Third
and Townsend streets.
NELSON—In this city, January 17. 1905.
August G. Nelson, beloved son of John and
Emma Nelson, a native of Sweden, aged 22 i
years U months and 10 days.
icy Friends and acquaintances are respect -
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. January 20, 1905. at 10 a. m.. at
Charles J. B. Metzler's undertaking parlors,
638 Washington street, thence by 11:30
a. m. train from Third and Townsend streets
to Mount Olivet Cemetery for Interment.
NYBERG—In this city* January 16, 1905, Wil
liam A. Nyberg, beloved husband of Au
gusta Nyberg. and father of William Ny
berg, a native of Finland, aged 36 year*.
ftyFriends and acquaintance* are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 p. m., from the parlor* of
McFadden. Mcßrearty A Green, 1171 Mis-
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN A CO.,
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors and Em bairn era
214 Eddy st. Tel 36.
•lon street, between Seventh and Eighth. In
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
PETITPIERRE—In this city, January 18, 1006,
Augustus beloved husband of Adella Petit
pierre. and father of Genevieve Petitpierre,
Mrs. D. J. Cooney and C. A. Cochran, and
brother of Napoleon Petitpierre and Mrs. W.
N. Cornwall, a native of New Orleans, aged
62 years 6 months and 6 days.
stFFrienda and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 0:80 a m.. from his late resi
dence. 102114 Oak street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church for services commencing at
10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TAYLOR—In Oakland, January IT, 1005,
William Robert, dearly beloved eon of Robert
and Martha Taylor, and dearly beloved
grandson of Mr. and Mrs. William McCor
mick. a native of Oakland, aged 1 month
and !*? days.
THOMSON—In Oakland. January 18, 1905.
Mary Thomson, beloved mother of James A.
Thomson, a native of Scotland, aged 74 yearß
10 months and 10 days.
TILLMAN—In this cnv, January 18, 1905,
Augustus Tillman, beloved father of Mrs.
F. H. Wiemeyer Mrs. P. J- Lynch, Mrs.
William Carl. John J. Tillman. Augustus C.
Tillman of Sulsun, Cal., and the late Mrs.
James O'Brien of San Luis Oblapo, Cel.,
a native of Germany, aged 70 yeara 10
months and 1 day.
VINCENT—In Berkeley, Cal., January 17,
1905, at his residence. 1809 Bancroft way,
Robert M.. beloved husband of Adelia Vln.
cefn. a native of Aberdeen, Scotland, aged
61 years 1 month and 11 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thureday), at 2 o'clock, at the
parlors of the Albert Brown Undertaking
Company, in the Odd Fellows' building, cor
ner Addison street and Shattuck avenue,
Berkeley.
St. Dominic's Church BuUdlag Associa
tion—The monthly requiem high mass for
the deceased members of St. Dominic's
Church Building Association and for parents
and relatives of living members will be suns;
ln SL Dominic's Church Thursday, at $ a. m.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Thirteen.
cixmira quotations,
Tonopah District.
Bld.Aak.i Bld.Aak.
Gold Anchor. 29 32 Ton A Cat — IS
Jim Butler .. 41 45 Ton Cash Boy — 12
Little Ton .. — 38 Ton Exten ..4 00 —
MacNamara . 26 28|Ton Midway... 31 32
Mizpah Ex .. 05 —|Ton N Star... 22 23
Mont T0n..2 07H 2 lOlTon Ohio — 25
N V Ton Con 11 14! Ton of Nev.ll 00 11 75
Rescue 06 07|west End ... 1" 20
Goldfleld District.
Adams 10 ll|Goldfleld Mhk. 14 17
Black Ants .. — 10 Gldfld Red L. 06 06
Black Butte.. 22 23. Goldfleld S Pk - - 18
Blue Bull M. 16 20lGoldfleld Ton. 08 10
Booth M Co.. 10 —tGldfleld Verde 05 08
Columbia Mt. 80 83! Jumbo M Co. 63 t:5
Dlamondfleld. 29 S2I Jumbo Ex ... 23 24
Dixie Mm ... 21 — IKendall 30 82
Goldfleld 88l 07 08-May Queen ..35 37
Goldfleld BAB — 12iPennsylvanla — 10
Goldfleld Dmd 11 12! Red Top 15 17
Hibernla 20 2l|6andstorm ... 40 60
Goldfleld Mln. 70 71|Vernal Mln ..14 10
Other Districts.
Bullfrog- Mln. 65 681 Ray A O'Brien 08 10
Colehan — 10 Southwestern. 60 —
Esperansa ... 01 02lTon Gold Mt.. 13 14
Lucky Tom... 08 OSlSylvania 28 —
Mont Bullfrog 10 UlUnlted Ton .. — 08
Orig Bullfrog 24 26j
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following: were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining- Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Bunker H111..1 58! 600 Mont T0n...2 12>A
1000 Goldfleld B Bl 06! 200 Mont Ton ...2 10
1000 Goldfleld Dmd 83! 500 Orig Bullfrog. 26
300 Goldfleld Mln. 72|2500 Orig Bullfroa-. 25
100 Goldfleld Mln. 78!3000 Paymaster ... 04
2000 Gldfld Red L 06! 300 Ton Belmont.. 73
2000 MacNamara . 26 8600 Ton Midway.. 88
2Cno MacNamara . 271 200 Ton N Star... 23
2000 MacNamara . 28ll00f» Ton N Star... 22
Afternoon Session.
3500 Adams 11110.000 Orig Bllfrog. 25
2000 Austin G M.. 30!l000 Orig Bullfroa-. 26
100 Black Butte.. 23140P0 Orig Bullfrog. 27
100 Goldfleld Mm. 78!2000 Paymaster ... 04
2000 Gold Mt Con. 02! 1500 Pa Goldfleld.. 08
1000 Gldfld Red L 061 600 Ton Belmont. . 72
1000 Goldfleld S Pk 181 100 Ton Exten . .4 50
100 Jumbo M Co. <*4!2700 Ton Midway.. 32
4000 MacNamara . 2717000 Ton Midway.. 88
1000 MacNamara . 2s|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Aak.J Bid. Ask.
Adams 10 -ILuckv Tom... 06 —
Black Butte.. 23 —MacNamara .. 27 28
Blue Bull M. 24 —|Moit T0n...2 07H 210
Columbia Mt. — 40'Orlg Bullfrog. 24 26
Dlamondfleld. — 30| Paymaster ... — 04
Esperanxa ... 01 02! Pa Goldfleld.. — 00
Free Gold M. — WPlne Grove ..10
Gold Anchor. — 30' Ray Exten .. — is
Goldfleld 88l — rtfi| Ray A O'Brien 08 - -
Goldfleld Mln. 7S 75' Red Top IB 17
Gldfld Red L 06 —! Rescue _ 07
Goldfleld SPk — 18!RothweIl G M 10 60
Gold Mt Con. — 02!Sandst6rm ... 60 67
Hazel Kirk .. — 12! Ton Belmont.. 72 73
Jumbo M Co. 61 --Ton Ext«?n ..3 31) —
Jumbo Ex .. — 2?lTon Gold Mt.. 13 14
Kendall 30 3VTon Midway.. 32 88
Little Ton .. 25 — iTon N Star... — 22
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 18.
City and County of San Francisco to Fred
ertck Oehlprt. lot on S line of Grove street. I
175:6 Eof Octavia. E 25:6 by 8 120; $ . !
J. E. Galvin to B. M. Ga'.vtn. lot on S line
Of Chestnut street, 110 W of Buchanan, W
27:6 by S 120; $ld.
Alfred R. and Fannie E. Kelly to Central
Trast Company, lot on N line of Green street. |
34:4*4 W of Devlsadero, W 34:4>i by N 103:6: I
$10.
Mathias and Jeanette Meyer to Gustav
Dresel, lot on NE corner of Vallejo and Baker
streets. N 1(52:6. E 100 S 25 E 17 S 12:6.
W 67. S 12r>. W 50; $10.
Emma G. Butler to Alice H Beckmann
(wife of Claus). lot on S line of California
street. 200 E of Presidio avenue (Central aye- ,
nue). W 32:0. S 176. E 22:7%, NE 67:1*4. N !
108:7%; $10.
Claus Beckmann to Alice H. Beckmann.
same: gift.
Treadwell & Co. to Thomas M. Matthews,
Sarah M. Handy and Katherine M. McClcllan,
lot on NE comer of Hayes and Clayton streets
E 206:3, N i:i7:6. W 100, S 12:6, W 106:3!
S 125; $10. ' j
Thomas M. Matthews. Sarah M. Handy and
Katherine M. McClellan to Jacob I* Grosdi- i
dier, lot on NE corner of Hayes and Clayton I
streets. E 80 by N 125; $10.
Bridget Donnelly to Henri and Pauline Hour-
C*d*, lot on W line of Noe street, 102 N of I
Fifteenth. N 26 by W 96; $10.
Catherine and Peter Kiernan to Mary E. I
Farley, lot on NW corner of Twenty-fifth and !
Florida streets. W 50 by N 104; $10.
J. S. Morgan & Sons to George T. Davis,
lot on W line of Tdission street 65 S of
Twenty-fifth. S 65:3 by W 8 o : $10.
Daniel T. and Mary Sherrett to Louis and
Dora Smith, lot on N line of Twenty-ninth
street. ISO E of Noe. E 25 by N 114; $10
William and Helen E. Creyer to Sylvester
Pearl, lot on SE corner of Twentv-thlrd and
Castro streets, S 26:6 by B 105; $10.
Frank H. and Marion 8. Johnson to Charles
E. Wilson, lot on S line of Clay street, 137:0
E of Keorny. E 34:4*4. S 119:6. W 50:1*4 N
58:3. E 15:9. N 61:3; $10.
Charles B. Wilson to Frank H. and Marlon
B. Johnson, same, quitclaim deed; $10.
Emlle Kowalsky to Joseph N. Kowalsky, lot
on E lino of Mason street, 85 N of Eddy, N
25 by E 68:9. quitclaim deed; $1.
Ambrose A. and Mary Watson to Llugl |
Delucchi. lot on. SE corner of Valparaiso and
Taylor streets, S 20 by E 40; $10.
H. or Henry Kohler to H. Kohler Company,
lot on N line of Lombard street, 137:6 E of
Jones, E 28 by N 137:6; also lot on SE corner
of Lombard and Jones streets, E 137:6 by S
137:6; also lot on N line of Union street
103:3 E of Taylor. E 25:9 by N 128:9; also
lot on W line of Dupont street, 137:6 N of
Union. N 26:2 by W 97:6; also lot on SW
corner of Lombard and Stockton streets, S
63:6 by W 87:6; also lot on W lfne of Tavlor
slreet. 60 N of Filbert, N 67:6 by W 90; also |
lot on NE corner of Greenwich and Taylor •
streets. E 137:6 by N 68:9; also lot on SW
corner of Green and Kearny streets, W 81 by
S 80; also lot on W line of Kearny street,
60 8 of Gre?n. 8 60 by W 137:6: also lot on
W line of Kearny street, 77:6 N of Vallejo.
N 40 by W 60 : also lot on NE corner of Green
and Vincent streets. E 40:3. N 57:6, E 18:3,
N 20. W 68:9. 8 77:6: also lot on NW corner
of Green and Vincent streets. W 38:6 by N
57:6; also lot/ on NE corner of Green and
Kearny streets. N 18*1:4. E 103:1*4, S 79:10.
E O.lVj. S 3:6, E 0.1*4, S 16:6, W 44:4 U. 9
83:6. W 68; also lot on S line of Green street, '
137:6 W of Montgomery. W 137:6 by S 137:8;
also lot on SE corner of Green and Kearnv
streets. E 81, S 103:1*4, E 66:6, 8 34:4*4, W
60, 8 68:9. W 77:6, N 206:3; also lot on W
line of Kearny street, 117:6 N of Green, N
20^ by W 80, and all property of first party;
William Ahlers to Henri Artrn, lot on S
line of Bernard street. 68:6 W of Jones. W
23 by S 60; $10.
John E. and Nelly C. Mason to C. Lass,
lot on SW line of Main street, 115 SE of Mis
sion. SE 22:6 by SW 91:8; $10.
C and J. Lass to H A. Powell, same: $10.
Agnes M. Ross (McLea. wife of D.) to
diaries H. Holbrook Jr.. lot on SE lino of
Folsom street. 70 NE of Third, NE 67:6. SE
93:6. 8W 37:6, NW 22, SW 30, NW 71:6;
:rant.
Ulrika W. and Frank E. Zlegler to Law
rence H. Pieraon, lot on N line of Point Lobos
ivenue. 61:5 W of Second avenue. W 50 by
V 100; $10.
John W. Btobener to Delia Btobener, lot on
3 line of Twenty-sixth avenue, 275 S of Point
tiobos avenue. 8 160 by E 140; also lot on N
lne of Valley street 828:8 E of Dolores. E 1
SB by N 114; gift.
John C. and Annie M. Spencer to Joseph !
T. Doll, lot on W line of Thirtieth avenue, 125 j
1 of I street, 8 25 by W 120; $10.
Hannah Muller (Nolte) to Wanda Marchue, I
ot on B line of Forty-ninth avenue, 70 N of*
f street. N 30 by E 67:6; gift.
State of California (by Edward J, Smith. ' 1
HANNAH ELIAS
TALKS FREELY
Negress on the Stand Tells
of the Many Gifts Made
to Her by John E. Piatt
SAYS HE WAS GENEROUS
Becites Story of Her Low
Life and Asserts Million
aire Gave Voluntarily
•
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.—Hannah Eliaa,
the negress wb>om aped John R. Piatt
is suing to compel her to return $685,
--000 which he claims she extorted from
him during an acquaintance of twenty
years, to-day told the story of her llf«
before Justice O'Gorman in the Supreme
Court, where the suit is on trial. It was
an extraordinary tale of sudden eleva
tion from the lowest and most vicloua
surroundings to a position of affluence,
where money was rained upon her and
where she had everything that great
wealth could provide.
She declared that she had nothing
to conceal and insisted that every dol
lar that Piatt gave her had been given
voluntarily. She believed, she said,
that she was under no obligation to re
turn any part of the money which she
now possesses. How much money
Piatt gave her she could not say, even
approximately, as she never kept any
account of his gifts, which were made
ln large sums at frequent intervals dur
ing their long acquaintance. Piatt was
very generous, even from the first, she
said, but he became more so after the
death of his wife in 1893. He told her
at that time that he wanted to provide
for her handsomely and explained .that
if he mentioned her in his will a con
test might result.
Mrs. Ellas apparently made no at
tempt to cover the details of her early
life. She admitted that she had served
two terms in prison, one in Philadel
phia for larceny and the other ln this
city for disorderly conduct.
It developed during th« examina
tions of witnesses to-day that Mrs.
Elias had distributed her easily ac
quired wealth with a free hand among
those who had been of assistance to
her. Lawyer C. Nanz said she had
paid him $20,000 in fees; Lawyer Wash
ington Braun secured from her more
than $10,000 in fees. Other witnesses
fold of large sums paid for services of
comparatively trifling character.
When the defense rested a lawyer
representing the banks, that were
brought into the case by an order of
court directing them not to dispose of
moneys in their possession belonging
to Mrs. Elias, asked for a dismissal of
the order and the Judge granted the
request.
PERSONAL.
C. Reichow of Ecuador is at the St.
Francis.
Dr. and Mrs. Benepe of San Jose are
at the Palace.
W. P. Thomas, an attorney of Ukiah,
is at the Grand.
D. S. Rosenbaum, a Stockton banker,
is at the St. Francis.
Dr. W. A. Long- and wife of Montana
are at the St. Francis.
Charles E. Knox, a mining man of
San Diego, is staying at the Palace
Among yesterday's arrivals at the
Palace were J. W. and R. M. Paxton
of Washington. D. C.
Commodore P. Adigard of the Protet
Is a guest at the Palace.
C. E. Horton, proprietor of a hotel at
Loyalton. is at the Grand.
W. G. Bratton, a prominent resident
of Kansas City, is at the Occidental.
William Bayly, a prominent Los An
gles mining man, Is at the St. Francis.
Henry Weinstock, one of Sacra
mento's leading merchants, is at the
Palace.
W. F. Knox, one of Sacramento's
well-known lumbermen. Is registered at
the Grand.
State Surveyor General Victor H.
Woods is down from Sacramento and
staying at the Lick.
C. O. Whittimore of Salt Lake, at
torney for the San Pedro, Los Angeles
and Salt Lake road, is at the St.
Francis.
William I* Keane of Yokohama and
D. E. Brown of Hongkong, who are
returning to their homes in the Orient,
arrived at the St. Francis yesterday.
Edgar T. Wallace, a well-known
young mining man of New York, who
Is interested in properties in Northern
California, is registered at the Palace.
James B. Kent, traveling freight and
passenger agent of the Chicago and
Great Western Railroad, has resigned
his position to accept the appointment
of city freight and passenger agent of
the Chicago and Northwestern. He will
enter upon his new duties on Febru
ary 1.
Californians in New York.
♦ NEW YORK, Jan. 18.—The follow- \
Ing Californians arrived In New York
to-day:
From San Francisco —L. Goldstein,
at the Herald Square; H. Koller and
wife, at the Wolcott; W. F. Lamaine j
and wife, at the Holland; W. R. Wir- I
Hams, at the Grand Union; Miss Bie- !
mann, at the Union Square; J. L. Dan- !
iels, at the Murray Hill; S. C. Mott, at 1
the Hotel Vendome.
From Los Angeles—A. H. Heber, at
trie Holland; L C. Lull, at the Murray
HMl.
SNEAK THIEVES AT WORK.—The police j
were notified yesterday that tools valued at |
$21 had been stolen from a toolhouse at Fill
more and Hayes streets. They belonged to
Arthur Whiting. A gas chandelier, valued at
$9, hud also been stolen from a vacant house
at 2246 Polk street.
J. •&
1* j
Tax Collector) to Barney C. Sharkey, lota 1783
and 1783. Gift Map 3: $G0.
John W. and Mary V. Rugglea to T. W. !
and H. Ernest McArthur. E. Olson (McArthur :
Bros. A Co.), lot on N line of Falrmount street. !
14ft.:8 W of Chenery. W 25 by N 125. lot 13,
block 19. Falrmount: $10.
Virginia and Lulgi Feres to Giovanni Garl- 1
baldl, lot on NW line of San Jose avenue, 1
1131:4 NE of Jarnac street, NE 13:2. NW 131,
8W to a point opposite beginning SE 131:6,
lot 3. block 1 Belle* Roche City: $10.
E. Cohn to William H. Fuller, lot on N line
of Fifth avenue. 431 E of M street. W 81:10,
N to Fourth avenue. E 131:5. SW 205, and all
Interest in Potrero Viejo 82; $10.
M. A. Meier to West Shosc Land Company,
lot 2, block 367. South Sen Francisco Home
stead and Railroad Association*: grant.
John A. Porter to Anna D. Jooet, lot 358,
Gift Map 1; $10.
Anna D. Jooet to Nils Lundblad. lots 358
and 360. same; $10.
John H. and Sarah M. Kruse to Anna M.
Casement, lot on SB line of London street,
100 NE of Brazil. NE 25 by SE 100, block 13,
Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Builders* Contracts.
Charles Fey (owner) with James A. Andrews
(contractor and architect) —All work for a one
story' and basement frame building on W line
of Broderick street, 55 from Eddy, S 27:6 by
W 100; $3800.
Herbert E. Law (owner) with American-Ha
waiian Engineering and Construction Company,
Ltd. (contractors), architects Meyer A O'Brien
—Grading, excavating, concrete and steel work,
steel erection, galvanized iron, brick and mar- •
ble work, concrete floors, carpenter, grill and
electric work, plastering, tinting, painting,
varnishing, polishing, plumbing, heating, flre
proofteg and tinning for office building (Monad
nock building) on S corner of Market and Annie
itreets, SW 142:6 by SE 160; $482,200. I
TELLS OP BOOKKEEPING
FOR THE EPPINGERS
Edmund Pre und Explains Methods of
the Grain Merchants in Marking
Warehouse Lots.
The many lawyers representing: the
various banks involved in the distri
bution of the $102,000 obtained from
the sale of grain on hand at the time
Eppinger & Co. failed attempted to
continue the examination of Superin-
tendent James Deming-s, but he plead
ed Illness yesterday morning* and was
excused by Judge Murasky. He will
be placed on the stand to-day. The
remainder of the day was given over
to the hearing of Edmund Freund,
who acted as bookkeeper at the ware
house at Crockett for ten years.
Freund testified that he had the
care of the books, which have since
disappeared, and that the last he saw
of them was when they lay on the
warehouse wharf, wrapped up for
supposed shipment the day before the
failure. He said, however, that he
kept no books in which any reference
had been made to any warehouse re
ceipts held by banks and did not
know that such receipts were in ex
istence.
Freund went on to describe his
marking of the various piles of grain
under the Instructions of Superintend
ent Demings and said that he could
identify all piles marked by him, pro
vided that his memory was refreshed
by reference to a memorandum book
he compiled at the time. a long ar
gument between counsel took place
over the admission of the book, but
the witness was allowed to refer to it,
It then developed that many of the
piles of tgrain had two lot numbers on
them and the witness was unable to
Identify the markings on all the lots.
Freund will be on the stand at this
morning's session.
Eppingers Released on Bonds.
Herman and Jacob Eppinger, who
were arrested on Tuesday night on the
new indictment of the Grand Jury,
charging them with obtaining money
by false pretenses, and were released
on bonds, surrendered themselves to
the Sheriff yesterday morning and
their bondsmen were exonerated.
They went before Judge Lawlor and
gave new bonds each ln $15,000. J. C.
Franks, 1320 Golden Gate avenue, and
William Sharp, 3049 Washington
street, were the sureties for Herman
and the Aetna Indemnity Company of
Hartford qualified for Jacob. Josua
Eppinger was arrested by Detective
T. B. Gibson yesterday morning and
was taken before Judge Lawlor. He
was released on a bond of the Aetna
Indemnity Company for $15,000.
BENEFIT MATINEE FOR
NAVAL CLUB HOUSE FUND
Society to Appear in Cast of '-The
Liars" at the Columbia
Theater.
The rehearsals of the company to
appear in the special matinee of "The
Liars" at the Columbia Theater next
Thursday afternoon are being- held
daily and each succeeding day shows
improvement brought about by the di
rection of Frank Mathieu. Mathieu
hag under his stage management some
very clever people and the benefit per
formance of this play in aid of the
Naval Club house of Vallejo will show
a remarkable degree of proficiency on
the part of all the people who are to
appear in the cast.
Frances Jolliffe in the leading fem
inine role will give an unusually good
performance, her professional experi
ence standing her in good stead. Mra
Mark Gerstle and Mrs. W. J. Shiels
are two other ladies of the cast who
promise excellent performances, and
all the men of the cast will act clev
erly. The benefit will bring out a
fashionable throng. The ladies in
charge of the affair are working with
a will and hundreds of exchange tick
ets have already been disposed of. All
of the boxes and loges have been en
gaged.
The sale of reserved seats and the
box office for the exchange of tickets
bought in advance will open next
Tuesday morning at the Columbia
Theater. '
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK —Jan 18—Stmr Bovlo, from
Liverpool, passed Nantucket lightship.
Sailed Tan 18— Stmr Majesties for Liverpool;
stmr Amsterdam, for Rotterdam, via Bou
logne: stmr Lombard!, for Naples.
Arrived Jan 18—Stmr Callfornlan, from Se
attle and San Francisco.
COPENHAGEN—Arrived Jan 18—Stmr Os
car 11. from New York, via Chrlstlansand.
HONGKONG —Arrived prior to Jan 18—Stmr
Gaelic, from San Franclaco. via Honolulu and
Yokohama: stmr Siberia, fror San Francisco,
via Honolulu. Tokohama, etc.
MOVILLE —Arrived Drier to Jan 18—Stmr
Pretorian. from St. Johns, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
LIVERPOOL—SaiIed Jan 18—Stmr Baltic,
for New York, via Queenstown; stmr Iverala,
for Boston. \ia Queenstown.
QUEENSTOWN—Arrived Jan 18— Stmr Teu
tonlc. from New York.
■ JTJrL\VEL,
■ A UM»T EDM
1 |CHICAG0 T |N 3 DAYS!
■ i H UIAVCO DAILY AT9:3OAM j
Other Santa re Trains!
' 7:30 a. m. 1
0:30 a. m. }■ For Stockton. Fresno. Bakerefield,
■ 8:C0 p. m. J Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
' 4 :C0 p. m. For Stockton.
! 8:00 p.m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
. i Ticket Offices —641 Market st. and Ferry Depot,
San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway, Oak
land. Cal.: also 27 South First, San Jose.
CAZAD^eL
TU Sauaalito Ferry
j SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally at t7-ns
7:45, 8:25, 9:10. 9:50. 11:00 a. m. : 12:20 1 : 45
3:15, 4:35. 5:15, 5:50, 6:30, 7:15, 10:15 and
I 11:35 d. m.
Arrive at San Francisco dally at te-40
7:36 8:16. 8:60. 9:35, 10:50 a. m. 1210 1--to'
2:65. 4:26, 6:05. 5:42. 6:22, 6:57, 7:40 and 11-25
P. TO.
i Dally except Sunday.
For Fairfax daily, "at 7:45 a. m.: also Satur
i days at 3:15 p. m.. and daily except Saturday
and Sunday at 6:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. daily—Cazadero and way stations.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays only—For Cazadero.
etc.
. S:l5 . *• J* 1 - dally - except Saturday aad Sun
day, fn- Tomales, etc.
j TICKET OFFICE—6SO Market st
■ FERRY ~-t-'nlon Depot, foot of Market st.
■VIT. TAiVIALPAISRaILWAY
Lt. Ssj Ar. Bai~rrar.asce~
• :50a »'»«a|BS ■ 2.85r »:55r
11:OOa TjS Hf 4:35? .....
1:45p >:«Sp< eYaSr
'TUfirarlty Oar atitaaolajAtaMfflTallsl
St., (North Shore RailroadJ
wrioa t and Sauaauto Fsaky, Foot Market St>
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
/5 -fS. 1 raltna 1 save and are IM
te) »rrl re at
f°^S2l BAN FRANCISCO.
\* TO/ F* o - 1 Jawoabt IS. less,
I J/ (Foot of Market Street)
- MAIN LINE. - A>mw ?
744) A VecaTille. Winters. Rumsey 7 SO*
7 00a Benlcla, Elintra and Sacramento . 7.29 m
7-30 a Vallejo, Napa, cailstoga. Saata
Roaa. Martinez. Saa Ramos 8.24*
7.50 a N Ilea. Tracy. Lathrop, Stock t0n.... 7.20*
4 00a Shaata Kxpreaa — (Via Darte).
Willtamt, Willows, tFrnto, Red
Blnff. Portland, Tacoma. Seattle 750*
• 00A Davis. Woodlaad, Knight* Landing.
MaryiTllle. Orovllle 7.44*
I.SOa Martlnei. Antloch. gyros, Tracy.
Stocktoa, Newman, Lea Banes,
Maadota. Arasoßa, Has ford.
Vlsalla. Portervllle .. 4.20*
••Ma Port Costa, Modesto, Merced.
Fresno, Goshen Junction, Baa
ford. Vlaalla. Rakeraneld ... ... 4.50*
■ 30a Nile*, San Jote. Llvermore, Stock
ton. (tMlltoai. lone Sacrasseate,
Meryavllle. Chlco. Red Bluff .... 4ZO*
• 30a Oakdale. Chlaese. Jameetowa. So
■ora. Tuolumne and Angels ..... «Zo*
tMa Atlantic Express—Ogden sad Beat. 5 20*
0.30 a Richmond. Martlaei and Way
Stations ■ »■*
10 00a The Overland Limited — Ogdea.
Omaha. Chicago. Dearer. Kaasas
City .58
-10.00 a Vallejo w ••:
10.00 a Lee Angelea Passenger — Pert
Casta. Martinet. Byroa, Treoy,
Lathrop. Stockton, Mereee,
Raymead. Freaae. Goahea Joao
tlos, Haaferd. Lemeere. Vlaalla.
Bakerafteld. Lee Angelea r 29*
10 00a Xl Paso. Kaasaa City, St. Leula
and Chicago Z «J»
11.00 m Hayward. Nile* aad way Statleas. f-3§*
ti-OO* Sacramento R:»er Steamers tll.Ma
I JaW Ben tela, Wtatera. Barrens eats.
Woodland. Katghta Landing. .....
MaryarUle aad Orerille 1 5 sJ|*
8 30* Hayward. Nlles aad Way SUtIoBS.. 7 40*
f.Na Pert Ceala, Martlnei, Byrea.TracT,
Lathrop, SUektea. Mode ate.
Merced, Berenda and Fresno... 12-20*
4.oJa»Martlßei,Baaß«meß.V»lleJe.Ksaa,
Caltstega. Saata Rets 0 70*
•LOOS' Nile*. Trsoy, Stecktea 10 if *
444*Hayward. Nllea. Irrtagtoa, Seal tf-fO*
Jeae. Llreraiore ) tII.BOA
040* The Owl Limited—Newaaaa. Las
Baaoa, Mendota. Fresno, Tnlare,
Baker**, eld, Lea Angelea I-M4
B-20* Golden State Limited — El Paae.
Kaasaa City, St. Lenia aad _
Chicago 040*
1049* Hayward, Nlles and San Jose 7-X§A
|.Ma Hayward. Nlles and Saa Joae IMA
040* Eaatern Express—Omaha, Chicago.
Denver. Kansas City, St. Louie,
Martinez, Stockton. Sacramento.
Colfax, Reno, Sparks, Men telle.
Ocdea 1f.00a»
0.04* Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.. . I 7 . n _
740* Vallejo, Sunday only f #ou^
740* Richmond, Han Pablo, Pert Costa,
Martinet and VTay Station* 1120*
7-90p Reno Paaaenger—Pert Oesta. Be>
alcla, Snlsuß. Elmtre. Dlxea.
DstU, Sacrameato, Sparks. Teae
peh. Goldfleld aad Keeler 7.48*
006* Oregoa A California Bxpreia—oae
ramento, Marysville. Reddlag.
Portland, Paget Sooßd sad Eaat. I.SOa
o.lo* Hayward. Nllea and San Jeae (Sua- _
dayoaly) ■ 11-40*
" COAST LI NE (Merrew Saage).
(Foot of_Marlcel 6treet )
••Ha Newark. Centervllle. Baa Jeae,
Felton. Boulder Creek, Beats
Cruz and Way Station! 4 84*
ttl6p Newark. Ceaterrllle, Baa Jess,
New Almaden.Lee Gatoa.Feltoa.
Bealder Creek, Santa Oros aad
Principal Way Stations tIOBB*
4.1 Bat Newark. Baa Jose, Loi Gates... \
*8 30* Hunters' Train (Saturday ealyV-
Saa Jeae and Way Statieaa t7l4*
8.1 Ba Ban Jose and Way Station*. LPaK
7 00a San Joae and Way Stations 1.40 a*
8 00a New Almaden (Toes.. Frld.. only). 410*
8 00a The Coaster—Saa Joae. Sallaas,
Saa Ardo, Paae Roblea, Saata
Margarita, Saa Lola Obispo.
Guadalupe. Oavtota, Saata Bar
bara, Ran BuonaTeatara,Oinard,
Barbank, Los Aagelea 10-30*
8.44 a Gllroy, Hollister, Caetrevllle, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove, Surf, Loav
poc 1440*
4.44 a Ban Joae. Trea Praoa.Wateonvllle,
Capltola. Beau Cruz, Paclfle
flreve. Salinas. Baa Lula Oblspa
and Principal Way Statieaa. ... Alt*
1030 a Baa J oae aad Way Station*. 1 .foe>
11 -30a San Joae and Way Stations 7. 34*
2-IB* San Joae and Way Stations 0 34a
3 00* Dei Monte Kxpreaa—Santa Clara,
Baa Jeae, Wataeavliie, Saata
Cruz. Del Monte, Monterey,
Paclfle Grove 10-14*
tg.OO* Los Gatoa, Wright. Boulder Creek.
Saata Cruz, via Santa Clara aad
Narrow Gauge tIB 45a
8- 30* Valencia Bt.. South Saa Francisco,
Burtlngame. Saa Jeae, Gllroy,
Hoi lister, Tres Finos tf .44* '
444* gas Jose aad Way Station* tiJt*
tB-00* Santa Clara. Saa Jose. Lea Oetea,
aad principal Way dutleas tO-Ma
|8.30p saejoseandPrlnclsalWaySUtlome M 40a
1-44* Sunset Express. —Redwood. Baa
Jose. Gllroy,Salinas.Paso Roblea,
Ban Luis Obispo. Saau Barbara,
Lea Angelea, Doming. Bl Paso,
New Orleans 8-10*
1.48* El Paso, Kansas City, St. Leula,
Chicago 18.30*
B.44*>Falarc, Watioarllle, Capitols,
Santa Cruz, Ceatre villa, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove 1440*
10.14* San Mateo. Bereaford,Belmont,Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Belts,
Mealo Park. Palo Alto 14-44 a
8 30p Saa Jose aad Way Station*. 4.34 a
4410* Palo Alto and Way Stations 14.14*
11 ,30p South San Francisco, M lllsrse. Bar
llngame. Sen Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 10 Hp
«1130p Mayneld, Mountain View, Sunny
vale, Lawreace. Sanu Clara and
San Jose 10 4Br
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
(Foot of Market St.)
t7 15 a.m. 8.00 a.m. 11 00 a.m.
1 00 p.m. 8.00 * **. I.Hp.bl
A for Morning. P for Afternoss,
1 Sunday excepted t Sanday only
• Saturday only.* » Monday only.
J stops at all station* ea Saaday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CH
Tlbnron Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAY F&AMCTSGO TO BAH AAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS—7:3O. 9:00 11:00 a. m.; 12:34,
3:30. 5:10. C:3O p. m. Thursdays—Extra trl»
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays -Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS—B:OO, 9:30 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN TKANOXSOO.
WEEK DAYS—6:OS 7:35 7:50. 9:20 11:14
a. n>.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 2:C5 and 6:35 p m.
SUNDAYS—B:OO. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:44. 3:40
4:05. 5:06. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. [ Oct. 2, 1904. [ San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- J Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 al 9:10 al 8:40 a
9:30 a Xgnaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30p 3:30p 6:05 pf 4:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p| 7:35 p|
t :30 a »7lcFaT 8:40 a
8:00 a Kovato 10:40 a'l0:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma, 6:03 p 6:20 p
8:10 p 3:30p and 7:35 pi
5:00 p| Santa Rosa. I
7:30 a 10:40 a' 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
8:30 p 3:30 p I
Windsor. 1
7:80 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton, j
8:30 p 8:80 p Geyservllle, 735 p 6:20 •
Cloverdale. ! I
7:30 a! 8:00 a! Hopland il0:40 aUO:2O a
8:30 p| 8:30 pf and UkUh. 1 7:35 p! 6:20 p
j Wllllts and I
7:30 a| 8:00 a! Sherwood. f 7:38 pf 6:20 p
7.30 a] 8:00 a' 110:40 ajl0:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 pi GuernevlUe. [ 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:.i0 a! 8:00 ai Sonoma I 9:10 a| 8:40 a
B:10p| 5:00 p! Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pi 6:20 p
"7:30al 8:00 a] 110:40 a]lo:2oa
3:30 pf 3:30 pi Sebaatopol. |7:35pf6:20p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Msrk West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyaervllle for Skagga
Springs: at cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs, '
Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's,
Rivrrslde, Lierly's. Bucknell's, Sanhedrln
Heights. Hullville, Orr's Hot Springs, Halfway
Houae. Comptcoe, Hopkins. Mendocino City.
Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal; at Wllllts for
Fort Bragg, Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Calito. Covclo. Laytonvllie, Cummlngs.
Bell's Spring*. Harris. Hubbard. Fruitland.
Dyer, Garberville. Camp 5, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturdsy to Monday round trip tickets at re
duced rates.
On Bunday—Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER, R. X . RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Qen. Pass Agt.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 BEABST BIT. Established
In 1554 for the treatment of Prlvau
Diseases. Manhood. Debility or
disease wearingon body and mind and
skin Diaerises. The Doctor enretrwhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
< nre**rnara,at«-e><!. Callorwrtta-
Br. J. F. ci BBON, San CatCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Continued heavy trading in local Stocks and Bonds. *
New York Stocks not materially changed. Cotton lower.
Silver and Excltangc exhibit slight variations.
II heat firm and tending upward. Barley steady.
Large Oriental orders for Barley, Oats and Hay reported.,
Com, Feedstuff's and Beans as previously quoted.
Butter firm, Cheese easy and Eggs selling more freely.
•'Potatoes higher. Onions firm. Southern Vegetables weak.
■Poultry market still firm, but Game rather slow.
Apples still active and Oranges moving rather better.
Quotations for Grain Bags show some alterations.
Cotton.
Brokers' wires from New York yesterday
said: The settlement of the strike at Fall
Riyfer should stimulate the market for cotton,
as these mills consume about 400,000 bales a
r , v -vi-.. but up to the present time they have
taker, pnuticaily nothing. It seems now that
We.are to speculate whether the producer will
throw over his actual cotton at a losa or
whether future operations will advance to a
.. parity, lt doe* not look reasonable that the
farmer, unless compelled to, will part with
the actual cotton at a price which shows him
■ a loss on the actual cost to raise It.
• • Thp Weather and Crops.
The weekly report of A. G. McA'dlo. section
' director of the olimate and crop service of
• ihe Weather Bureau, Is as follows:
j ' GENERAL SUMMARY.
Cloudy and foggy weather prevailed in nearly
all sections most of the week, with light io
heAvy frosts at the beginning and higher tem
perature 'at the close. Frequent and heavy
rains occurred in all parts Of the - State, cage
.ntj high water in some of the northern dis
tricts, bnt with no serious damage to crops.
It Is reported that prompt measures will be
taken by the State authorities to prevent the
recurrence of flood damage in the vicinity of
•Sacramento, where the imperfectly repaired
levels are again causing uneasiness.
Grain and feed have been greatly benefited
by the generous rainfall, especially ln the
• southern districts, where crop prospects are ,
paid to'be much better than at this time last
year. Oraln Is in good condition and making
satisfactory growth in all sections, and the
acreage in wheat, barley and oats Is being
raprdlv Increased. No material damage has
been done by frosts, though growth has been
somewhat slow during the cool weather. Pas
turage, of good quality la abundant in all sec
tions and cattle are doing well. The present
outlook is most favorable for excellent crops
of grain and hay ln all parts of the Btate.
Oranges in Southern California and the
' Cloverdale district have not been seriously. In
jured by frost, and the crop Is turning out
rosy well in both places; picking and shipping
have" been somewhat rearded by the continuous
rains. lemons are yielding an excellent crop
In Soufliern California. The work of pruning
and planting trees and vines continues.
- SACRAMENTO VALLEY. —Warm and
■ cloudy weather prevailed most of the week.
• with frequent rains, which were quite heavy
• In the northern districts and accompanied by
snow in the mountains. The continued rains
are causing some apprehension In the districts
flooded sy high waters last season, especially
where the levees are Imperfectly repaired, and
It \ls probable some action will soon be taken
by the State authbritles to guard against
• future losses. Farm work has been somewhat
retarded by the rain, but pruning is progress
ing* in vineyards and orchards. Grain and
feed are in excellent condition and making
rapid growth.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.—The cool
ana frosty weather at the beginning of the
•week was followed by higher temperature and
■ heavy rain in nearly all sections. At Healds
burg the precipitation for thlrty-elx hours was
6,25 inches and some damage was done by
• high water. The rainfall was lighter in the
southern' districts, but was ample for present
'purposes. Plowing and seeding are progress
. Ing, except in a few places where the soli l_s
too wet. Grain is making rapid growth and
looks strong and healthy. Pasturage Is plen
tiful ln all sections and cattle are In good
ofidicion. Frosts have caused no material
' damage. - - - »- -
' SAN- JOAQUIN VALLEY—The Weather dur
ing the past week was generally cloudy, with
.frequent foggy' mornings, and showers in the
• first part of the week and again Sunday and
• Sunday night. These conditions have been
very; beneficial to all growing crops and fa
vorable .for. plowing and seeding. A large
acreage will be sown to grain. Barly sown
grain Is making good growth. Green feed Is
fdeptiful and stock are healthy and in good
..condition. Pruning and cultivating orchards
and vineyards are progressing. Heavy frost
. occurred generally on the 12th, but no damage
Is reported. A large and excellent crop of
oranges has been harvested.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.—Warm and
'cloudy weather prevailed most of the week,
with- frequent heavy rains. The rainfall at
San Diego for eighteen days ending on the
14th was 3.74 inches, and other sections prob
ably have received as much or more. The soil
is in good condition and farm work is pro
gressing rapidly. Early sown grain and wild
. -oat's are up and making good progress. Pros
pacts for full crops are much better than at
this time last year. Range grass Is becoming
plentiful and stock are Improving. Orange
picking has been delayed by the rain, but the
fruit has not been Injured.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.—Farming op
erations are progressing with vigor since gen
, eral, well-distributed rains. Range feed Is
growing nicely and stock are doing better.
Early" sown grain Is coming up.
EUREKA SUMMARY —The weather for the
past week was cloudy; moderately warm.
Farmers continue plowing and seeding spring
grain. Oats and grass ln excellent condition
and growing rapidly. Outlook for crops was
never, better at this season of the year.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
NEW. YORK, Jan. 18.—Close: Money on
call—Very quiet, 1%!3>2% per cent; closing bid
1% per cent; offered at 2.
Time loans—Easy. Sixty days, 2% per cent;
ninety days, 3; six months, 3@3%.
Prime mercantile paper— per cent.
Sterling exchange—Strong, with actual busl
. ness in bankers' bills at $4.870@4.8T65 for de
• m&nd and at $4.ft525'nf4.853 for sixty day bills.
Posted rates—s4 86 and $4 88%.
: Commercial bills—s4 85%.
Bar silver —60% c.
Mexican dollars—-47%e.
Government bonds, easy; railroad bonds,
firrq-
New York Stock Market.
; NEW YORK, Jan. 18.—Tha volume of the
. stock market expanded again to-day and some
ot the movementa were excited and sensational
but the activity was even more congested than
the recent tendency ln that direction and the
genera! level of prieea was not much more
benefited than yesterday. In other words, it
wr* clear that the effort was made to take
adf a/itage of the etimulatlng effect of the j
• cxtited advances to sell stocks in other quar- I
ters of the market. It might almost be said i
of Reading that 5000 shares was the normal |
tmlt of the transactions In lt so frequent I
waa the appearance of 5000-share lots on the j
tape. The total outstanding laaue of Reading |
common stock amounts to 1,400.000 shares. It !
• is- known that a large part of these have been j
taken out of the market and distributed to I
. different railroad companies to insure the bal- j
•aj.ee of control of this property, although the
controlling Interest Is believed to depend more
"on preferred stock holdings than on the com- |
mop,' But Reading has often given evidence j
of the large reduction of Its floating supply. !
Sales for a single day of 516,000 shares, which
' w/is the total reached to-day. may be safely |
assumed to represent a large proportion of
matched orders and manipulative transactions.
Probably the • manifest character of the opera
tions- accounted for their lack of effective in
.' fluence on the general list. The entire lack
oi,n«ws to account fcr the movement and the
high-level to which the price had already been
lifted considering the dividend return, helped
to beget doubt for the movement and fears
fbf* the maintenance of the prlce-levl. The
movement in Ontario and Western especially
ami- in the other coaiers to a less degree was )
Kut-posed to be sympathetic and was equally
without explanation In the news of the day.
. TTu- news was not lacking In favorable factors,
. but did not apply especially to the stocks
w&fth • moved most widely. The action of the
conservative Illinois Central directors In de
claring an extra dividend on their stock went
fnr .to confirm the encouraging" effect of other
recetit increases in dividend disbursements aa |
aftewfng the confidence of railroad manager*
ln the future prosperity of their properties.
The resafttttg revival of dividend hopes was
perceptible in the movements In Baltimore find
Ohio, Kansas and Texas preferred. Chesapeake
snd. Ohio, Smelting and perhaps in some other
sft'cks. The announcement of the settlement
of the Fall River strike was received with
grntifjcatlon as serving to clear up the situa
tion In one of the few industrial quarters
Whtch has lagged ln the trade expansion. The
shs.otptj.on qf two minor railroads which have
bscr. within Its sphere of Influence by the New
Yark, Centra! gave some early strengtn to the
stock. The whole list gave way. however,
wRh some violence ln the last hour whea tho
suepiclons engendered by the character W the i
day's trading Und come to a head. Th#.fall-
Irq off of upward of $45,000,000 in
balance ln our favor for _l>ecembeT,. dCc both
to increased imports and tbe heavy decline to
exports, was not regarded as a cheerful ahow
ltig aad gavo promise of the continued ability
of the world's outside markets to draw our
gold supply. The market rallied with con
siderable force in the final dealings, led by
Baltimore and Ohio with a rise of 1%, and
thi- closing was quite strong, but only a frac
tion generally above the lowest.
Bonds were active and firm. Total sales,
par value, $6,000,000.
United States new 4s declined % per cent
on call. _ ■ _
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
E. F. Hutton A Co., 490 California street.
San Francisco, members of the New York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
quotations of that exchange:
Sales. | STOCKS.
iHigh Low.
|HighiLow.i Bid. | Ask.
I 70%i 74%| to I .6%
1 10%j 11
1 1 63 I 64
33%! 33%| 33%I 33%
93% I 92%, 92% i 93
35 I 35%
94 , 97
I |217 ,218
1 50% I 48%: 00%; 51
«%l «%| «%l 6%
36%| 37
16% 15%I 15V. I 16%
84% 34%j 34%| 35
1105 1105%
7%1 7%| 8 I 8%
26%, 26 1 26%; 26%
86 84% i t>5%; 85%
114 118%!113%|113%
|144% 143% 1143% 1143%
[ (138 139
L 139 1140
1,.. 1.1Q
[Adams Express. |
17,600|Amal Copper .,.)
I Amer Can Co...j
! Do pfd 1
200!Amer C A F Co.!
400, Do pfd [
Amer Cotton Oil]
j Do pfd I
; Amer Express.. 1
2.400Amer II & L pfd|
100, Amer Ice
I Do pfd
200(Amer Linseed...
500; Amer Locomo...
I Do pfd
],'"<•■ Amer Malt
900i Do pfd
24,300|Amer S & R Co.
2001 Do pfd
l,450jAmer Sugar ....
Do pfd
Amer TAT Co
Amer Tob pfd..
200 Amer Woolen...
Do pfd
200|Anaconda I
IAnn Arbor pfd.
8,60O!A, T A S F
700 Do pfd
18.600 B & O
Do pfd
12,900|B R T
1 Brook Un Gas..
600|Bruns DAI
5,200 Canadian Pacific
24,700jc & O
C A A
Do pfd
72.20OIC & G W
300| Do pfd "A"..
1,100. Do pfd "B" . .
10o| Do debs
3,300'C & N W
O.oOo C, M & St P
I Do pfd
10 500 C, R 1 & P, new
500' Do pfd
I Do 4s
....... Chicago Term...
300 Do pfd
700 Chicago Un Trac
Do pfd ......
'C C C & St L..
... Do pfd ......
Cleve Lor A W.
Do pfd
l,800.Colo Fuel & Iron
Do pfd
Colum H C A I..
160 Colorado So
I Do 1st pfd ...
. ..I Do 2d pfd
a.OOOlCon Gas
200:Con Tob pfd ...
2,400!Com Products ..
.......I Do pfd
4,300 Del & Hudson ..
,.:....!D L & W
100ID A R G
100 D* pfd
Detroit Un Ry ..
200.Detrolt 80
Do pfd .:
Diamond Match .
4001 Dis Secur
900! D6 bonds
. .. ..iDuluth S S A A..
Do pfd
60,700 Erie
9.900 Do 1st pfd ...
3,100 Do 2d pfd
E & T H
" Do pfd
600 Gen Electric ...
Great No pfd....
Green Cons Cop..
' Havana Tob Co...
I Do pfd
'Hocking Val ...
i',., . T1.-. . . .
i 84%;
7%
26%
86
114
'72%
iiiiil
'88%
101
103%
'64%
"ii%
134%
50% I
I
146 148
72% 72%, 72 72%
94% 96
111% 111 110 111%
i 62 j 63
88% 86%| 87% 87%
101 100%; 100% 1101
103%! 101% 1103% 103%
! »6% 96
64%! 63%, 63%; 64
202 |210
11%I 11 11%| 11%
134%H33%!l84 134%
. 50%! 49% 49% 49%
a *2
'23% ]23" 23% 23%
68% 67% 67 68%
35%! 84% 35 85%
8014 8}% 86 87
174%;
37%'|
83%
1173
72
94%
110
i 62
I 87%
100%
I »6%i
. 63%
11%
!l84
I 49%
41
81
23%
67
35
86
!208%
1173%
184
37%
83-%
82
8
19
11
48
«.!•>„
72%
! 96
jlll%
63
! 87%
1101
108%
96
1 64
1 11%
■a
42
83
23%
68%
85%
87
1173%
186
37%
83%
82%
9%
20
11%
49
91%
''S6%
83%'
'26%!
j 11%
19%
11%
;
'
.. 1..
|"47%
47%
'ieoi
.....
''2,000!
.....
2,400!
6%;
36
36 \
34% I
38 ;
I
1 6%
35
I 35
I 34%
I 37%
35%l
35 I
37%|
37%j
14%
! 28% I
40%:
7s i
78
6%
36
36
38
38
14%
29
•»5
eo.Yoo
40%
78%
62%
39%
77%
61V4
"eoo
I
188%
:::::
• • •
. 6OO1 Do pfd
500;Inter Paper
Do pfd
600!Inter Power ...
Ilnter Pump ....
Do pfd
Iowa Central ..
Do pfd
2.0001 KC FtS & M pfd
2,900 Kan City 80 ..
8,400 Do pfd
Keokuk & Des M
Laclede Gas pfd
Lake E & West.
Do pfd
[Long Island ...
ll.OOOILouls & Nash...
8,500 Manhattan
j Man hat Beach..
SOOIMet Securities...
8,600jMet St Ry
2,4001 Mexican Central.
15.800IMinn A St L....
Do 1st pfd
700IM, St P & S S M
1.400! Do pfd
14,200 Mo, Kan & Tex.
13,4001 Do pfd.
14,lO0|Mlssouri Pacific.
iNash, C A St L.
1,800 National Lead...
117,100 Do pfd
400 Ntl R R Mex pfd
600 National Biscuit.
200 Do pfd
700 New Jersey Cen.
....... N T Air Brake.
2,000 New Tork Cen..
N T, C A St L.
Do 1st pfd....
Do 2d pfd )
New York Dock.
12.000 N Y, Oat * W.
12.100 Norfolk A West.
Do pfd
North American.
8,6001 Northern Sees...
800 Omaha
Do pfd
O S L 4s
400iPaclflc Coast
Do 1st pfd...,
Do 2d pfd
Padfle Mall
41,000 Penn R R CO...
2,700|People's Gas
IP, C, C A St L.
Do pfd
400 Pressed Steel Car
800 Do pfd
Pullman Car Co.
86%
00 !
»u
155%
I 40
90
92
156
23%
77%
38"
87
29%
56
500!
I
38%
i'38%1
38%
90
30
56%
83
29%
55%
17
56%
82%
29%
56%
55%
! 82
28%!
64%|
!
170 ,
i40%|
169%!
.....
77%
117%
24
83%
116i
23i
11
77
117%
23%
33%
82
is®
I 68%
1106%
140
24%
|107%
;••••!
I
I
' '
I
Lf-ti-
"460
Ire"
2S
Do
Do
ii', 606
2,7001
137%
107%
..! .',11
......
ks"
90
8.000[Ry steel Springs
Do pfd
455,500'Reading
1,0001 Do 1st pfd
4,0001 Do 2d pfd
8.400!Republlc SAL.
5001 Do pfd
6OOIRubber Goods...!
I Do pfd
200|Sloss S S A I Col
Do pfd
St J A G I I
100 Do 1st pfd
Do 2d pfd j
iStL A SF 1st pfd
6O0! Do 2d pfd ...j
4.700; St LA S W ...
6,5001 Do pfd
16,900iSouthern Pso ..
! Do pfd
12,100!Southern Ry-...
400| Do pfd
IBUndard Oil ...
Standard RAT
l,300jTen n Coal & I.
(Texas P L T Co
700 Texas Pacific ...
200 Toledo R A T Co
Toledo St L & W
Do pfd
800 Twin City R T.
Do «*fd
100 Union Bag & P.
Do pfd
09.100 Union Pacific ...
800 Do pfd
Do conv 4a .
United Copper ..
...\... United R or S F
500 Do pfd
Do 4s
1,700 V 8 Cast I Pipe
5O0i Do Dfd
... 1? S Express ...
l.SOOiU S Leather ...
'34%
■Mi
92%!
88% j
m
I 94%
, 87
02%
I
184
'62%
b4"
I
78%
71%:
'72"
''' 800
''' 100
•11-!
i.6"
OO.ioO
800
I119-)
97
1181
11%
U.-%
98
118%
........
500
N
' i.TOO
ii"
La
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1905.
xjo pro.
U S Rubber
Do pfd
U S Steel Cor...
Do pfd
iVa-Car Chem Co
I Do pfd
j Wabash
Do pfd
Do deb Bs ...
(Wells Fargo Ex.
Western Union..
W»stinghouse ..
Do 1st pfd ...
W & L. E
Do 1st pfd ...
Do 2d pfd ...
Wisconsin Cen..
Do pfd |
36
107%
21%
43%
3t>:
107:
21%
43%,
68
300j
'92%
I
•Hi
1
......
245
93
182
185
18%
45
26
22%
46%,
1,270,400 —Total shares sold.
New York Bonds.
U S ret 2s reg. .104%! Japan 6s. cert 96%
Do coupon 104%1L & N unified 4s. 102%
Do 3s reg 104%[Man con gold 4s. 106%
Do coupon 106 %j Mcx Central 4s 76
Do new 4s reg.Kio%! Do list lno 25
Do coupon. 131%iMinn & St L 4s/. 97%
Do old 4s reg. 106%1M, X A Texas 4*. 101
Do coupon 105%! Do 2ds 87
Amer Tob 4s. cert 74 !NR of Mcx con 4s 82%
Do 6s. cert 111%|N V C gen 3%5..100
Atch gen 4e 108%!N J C gen 5e 13i%
Do ad] 4s 96 Nor Pacific 4e 105%
Atlantic C L 4s. 102 | Do 3s 77%
Bait & Ohio 4s. .104%iNor A W con 45.102%
Do 3%s 95% ! 0 S L refdg 45.. 97%
Central of Oa 65.113%' Pa cony 3%s 103%
Do Ist Inc 91 (Reading gen 45... 102
Do 2d mc 91%!S I, <fc I M con 55.117%
Ches & Ohio 4%5.108%iS I. & S F fg 4e. 89%
Chi & Alton 3%5. R2%ISt L R W con 4a. 81
C. B A Q new 4s.loo%lPeaboard A L 4s. 80
C. R I & Pao 4s. 82%150 Pacific 4s 07
Do col 5s 9«%150 Railway 6s 118%
C.C.C A SLgn 4s.lo2%|Tex & Pac 1at«..121%
Chi Term 4s 94 |Tol. St I, & W 4s. 84
Colo Midland 45.. 74%|Union Pacific 45.104%
Colo A So 4s 92% I Do cony 4s 118%
Cuba ss. cert.... 106". !TJ S Steel 2d 55.. 93%
Den A Rio G 4s. 101 %!Wabash lsts 118
Dlst Securities 5s 10 I Do deb B 67%
Brie prior Hen 4s. 101 % I Western Md 45.. 92%
Do gen 4s 92 iW & L Brie 45... 94
F W & D C lsts.llO*ltUWls Central 45... 91%
Hock Val 4%5.. .109%)
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 20| Little Chief n fl
Alice 60' Ontario 3 75
Breec* 20] Ophlr 6 00
Bruns Con 08
Com Tunnel .... OOlPotosl 12
Con Cal A Va... 1 6o Savage 36
Horn Silver 1 50|Sierra Nevada.... 40
Iron Sliver 2 00| Small Hopes 30
Leadvllle Con 02| Standard 1 50
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— I United Fruit 106
OaM loans. ...2%©3%|U S Steel 30%
Time loans ...3%@4% ho pfd 94%
Bonds — I Westing Common. 89
Atchison 4s .102%! Mining—
Do adj 4a 94%) Adventure 7%
Mcx Central 45.. 76 lAllouea 11
Railroads — Amal Copper .... 75%
Atchison 86%'Amer Zinc 12%
Do pfd 100%|Atlantlc 17%
Boston A Albany.2s6%!Bingham 33
Boston A Maine.l 73 Calumet & Hecla-685
Boston Elev 157%'Centennlal 24
Fltchburg pfd 143 ! Copper Range ... 68%
Mcx Central 23% Daly West 17%
N Y. N H A H..201%|D0m Coal 60
Pere Marquette... 84 IFTanklln 11%
TJnlon Pacific 119%lOranby 5%
Miscellaneous— Hsle Rovale 27%
Amer Arge Chem. 30%! Mass Mining 10%
Do pfd 87 Michigan 12%
Amer Pneu Tube. 4% j Mohawk 54
Amer Sugar 143%1M0nt Coal A Coke 4%
D» pfd 138 lOld Dominion ... 27%
Amer Tel A Tel. 145 Osceola 95%
Amer Woolen ... 22M'Parrot 29%
Do pfd 94%! Shannon 8%
Dom Iron A 5... 1R I Tamarack 130
Fd Elect nium..2sl 'Trinltv 8%
Gen Electric 188 |U S Mining 23U
Mass Electric 13% !T T S Oil 10%
Do pfd 59U!Utah 43
Mass Gas 38%' Victoria B%
Un Shoe Mach... fWHlWlnona 11%
Do pfd S3 I Wolverine 108%
London Closing Stocks.
Cons mont©-. ..88 3-161N V Central 146%
Do acct 88% Nor A Western... 78%
Anaconda 5% I Do pfd 95
Atchison 90%iOnt A Western... 43
Do pfd 103 [Pennsylvania 70%
Bait A Ohio 105 |Rand Mines 11%
Can Pacific 137% Reading 43
Ches & Ohio 61%! Do Ist pfd 47
Chi Great West.. 23% l Do 2d pfd 44
Chi. Mil A,St P.177%15q Railway 85%
De Beers 18 1 Do pfd 98%
Den A Rio G.... BS%ISo Pacific 69%
Do pfd 78%|Union Pacific 122
Erie 41 Do pfd 99%
Do Ist pfd 79% |U S Steel 81%
Do 2d pfd 63 | Do pfd 96%
111 Central 160 | Wabash j 22%'
Louis & Nash 144%1 Do pfd 44%
M. X & Texas... 34 ISpanlsh 4s 89%
Bar silver—Quiet; 27% d per ounce.
Money—l%®2 per cent.
The rato of discount in the open market for
ahort bills is 2% per cent and for three
months' bills 2% per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18. — To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the Division of Redemption, shows: Availa
ble cash balance, $140,842,386; gold, $63 -
078,006.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.—COTTON—Futures
opened steady. January 6.81 - February
6.BSc; March, 6.94 c; April, 7c; May 7 03c'
June. 7.06 c; July, 7.12 c; August, 7.17 c'
Futures closed steady. March. 6.820- April.
6.87 c; May, 6.91 c; June, 6.95 c; July 7.01 c.
Spot closed quiet. Middling uplands 7.25 c:
middling gulf, 7.50 c. #No sales. '
New York Grain and Produce.
».^E VV w YORK, Jan. 18.—FLOUR—Receipts,
21,000 barrels; exports, 2700 barrels Market
steady but dull.
WHEAT—Receipts, 8800 bushels; exports
45,700 bushels. Spot market steady. No 2
red, nominal ekvator and $1 20% fob
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth $1 26%' fob'
afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, $1 11%.*
tions opened higher on steady cables and room
trading. Later there was a sharp reaction
due to Northwest selling, liberal Northwestern
receipts and liquidation, but the market final
ly steadied up a little, closing %c to %c net
higher. May, $1 16%®1 16%, closed at
$1 15%; July, $1 02%<8>1 02%, closed at
$1 02%; September closed at 94%0.
HOPS—Steady.
HlDES—Quiet.
PETROLEUM—Quiet.
SUGAR—Raw, strong; refined, firm.
COFFEB—The coffee futures market closed
steady, net unchanged to 6 points higher.
Total sales, 60,500 bags. Including: January,
7.65®7.600; March, 7.75®7.800; May, 8.05 c;
September, 8.65 c; October-November, 8.75 c; De
cember, 8.86 c. Spot, steady; mild, dull.
BUTTER—Unchanged.
CHEESE—Unchanged.
BOGS—Weak. Western fancy selected. 29a;
do firsts. 28c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES—The market Is
firm, with recent gains wail sustained, al
though the demand seems to be a trifle less
extensive than recently. Common are quoted
at 4&5 c; prime, 6%@6%0; choice, 6%<8>60, and
fancy at 6%@70.
PRUNES—Are ln Jobbing demand and are
firmly held at quotations on spot, ranging from
2c to 6%c, according to grade.
APRICOTS—Are without 'new feature, being
firmly held at 10*yl0%c for choice; ll@l2e for
extra cholc- and 12®15c for fancy.
PEACHES—Are firm on moderate Jobbing
demand. Choice are quoted at 9%c; extra
choice, 18%g10%c, and fancy at ll%@-12c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.—There was a sharp
advance In the London tin market to-day,
with spot closing at £131 5s and futures at
£130 17s 6d. But, as domestic markets had
not fully reflected the foreign declines of late,
so far aa the spot position was concerned, they
did not respond to any extent to the advance
to-day, business being reported quiet, with
spot held at $29 20«29 75.
Copper was a little easier abroad, closing at
£68 12s 6d for spot and at £688 16s 8d for
futures. Locally the situation showed con
tinued firmness. Lake is quoted at 16.50 c;
electrolytic. 15.37%®15.60c, and casting at 15®
15.26 c.
Lead was a little lower ln London closing
at £12 17s Bd. The American market con
tinues firm, with spot at 4.60© 4.70 c.
Spelter was firm at 6.26@6.35c ki the local
market. London was unchanged at £24 6s 7d.
Iron closed at 54s In Glasgow and at 48a 3%d
In Mlddleoboro. Locally Iron Is firm. No; 1
foundry northern, $17 60917 90; No. 2 foundry
northern, $17 60; No. 1 foundry southern and
No. 1 foundry southern soft, $17 75®18.
CHICAGO BOARD OP TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Jan. 18.—From start to finish the
wheat market exhibited considerable strength
At tbe opening May was %®-%c higher at
$1 15%©1 15%. The Initial strength was due
mainly to the comparative firmness of the
Liverpool market. Just after the opening a
feeling of hesitation developed on selling
brought out by Increased receipts ln the North
west. Under these offerings May sold off to
$1 15%. A more careful analysts of conditions
ln the Northwest, however, reveale/1 the fact
that a large percentage of to-day's arrivals at
Minneapolis was wheat brought from country
elevators at last week's prices, and that there
was little likelihood of any material Increase
ln the movement from farms. This explanation
relieved the bears ot their principal ammunition
and started fair covering by many of the early
sellers. Lack of offerings caused a quick ad
vance in the prices, and for the remainder of
the session the market held strong. The high
point on May was reached at $1 16%. Final
quotations were at $1 16%@1 16%.
Smallness of receipts gave the corn market a
strong start, and, although trading was not
of large volume, a firm undertone was mani
fested throughout the day.
The volume of business in oats was very
small and the strength of other grains held
prices firm. May opened a shade higher at
81 %c and closed unchanged.
Provisions opened-firm on an advance of 6c
in the price of hogs, but eased off on selling
by packers. At the close May pork and ribs
were each off 2%®5c and lard was down 2%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— .
May 1 15% 1 1«% 1 15% 1 16%
July 88% 98% 98% 98%
Corn No. %—
January 42%
May 46 45% 44% 45
July 45% 45% 45% 45%
Oats No. 2—
January 30% 80% 30% 30%
May \ 31% 31% 31% 31%
July 31% 31% 31% 31%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 12 42%
May 12 75 12 77% 12 65 12 67%
Lard, per 100 lbs-
January 6 82%
May 6 87% 690 685 685
July 7 00 7 02% 6 97% 6 97%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs-
January ....... 640 6 42% 6 40 6 42%
May 6 72% 6 75 6 67% 6 70
July 690 690 6 82% 6 82%
Cash Grain tmrt Provisions.
CHICAGO, Jan. 18.—Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, easy; No. 2 spring wheat,
$1 12©l 16; No. 3, $1 02® 1 15; No. 2 red, $1 17%
@1 19%; No. 2 corn, 43c; No. 2 yellow, 43% c;
No. 2 oats. 30% c; No. 2 white, 32®32%e; No.
8 white, 31®32%c; No. 2 rye. 75c; good feeding
barley, 37®38c; fair to choice malting, 48c;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 15; No. 1 Northwestern,
$128; mess pork, per barrel, $12 45@12 50;
lard, per 100 pounds. $6 62%; short ribs sides
'lnose), $8 25@6 50: short clear sides (boxed),
$6 50®6 62%: whisky, basis of high wines,
$1 23; clover, contract grade, $13.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .'.24.900 21.700
Wheat, bushels 101,000 .79,600
Corn, bushels 504,800 120,000
Oats, bushels 150,800 169,500
Rye, bushels 2000 4,900
Barley, bushels 120,000 88,700
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Jan. 18.—On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries, 19@30c; dairies. 18%®240. Eggs,
weaker at mark. 2"©24e. Cheese, firm, ll®l2c.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKETS.
Omaha.
OMAHA Neb., Jan. 18.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 5000; active and stronger. Native
steers. $3 50®6 75; cows and heifers, $2 50®
4 15; conners. $1 6(>®2 40; stockers and feed
ers, $2 ,Vi®4: calves, $2 60®5 75; bulls and
stags. $1 75®3 50.
HOGS—Receipts, 10,000; shade higher.
Heavy, $4 56®4 65; mixed, $4 60®4 56; light,
$4 45®4 50; pigs, $3 75®4 25; bulk of sales,
$4 50®4 55.
SHEEP—Receipts, 6600; steady. Western
yearlings, $5 50®6 26; wethers, $4 80®6 60;
ewes, $4 25®6 26; lambs, $8 25@7 40.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Jan. 18. —CATTLE—Receipts,
21.000; steady. Good to prime steers, $5 65®
8 25; poor to medium. $3 75®5 45; stockers
and feeders, $2 26©4 35; cows and heifers,
$1 25<fi6 20; canners, $1 25@3 50; bulls, $2®
4 20; calves, $3®7.
HOGS— Receipts. 35,000; to-morrow, 82,000;
market 5c higher. Mixed and . butchers. $4 40
©4 70: good to choice heavy, $4 60®4 75; rough
heavy, $4 40®4 50; light, $4 30®4 66; bulk of
sales. $4- 50®4 65.
SHEEP—Receipts, 20,000; sheep, steady
lambs, strong. Good to choice wethers, $5®
5 60; fair to choice mixed, $3 90©4 90; West
ern sheep, $4 85®6 60; native lambs, $5 75®
7 75; Western lambs. $5 75@7 65.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Jan. 18.—CATTLE*—
Receipts. 6000; market 10c higher. Native
steers. $3 50®5 75; native cows and heifers,
$1 75@4 50; stockers and feeders. $2 75®4 26;
bulls. $2 25®4; calves, $3@7; Western steers,
$3 iiOffS 25; Western cows, $1 75@3 75.
HOGS—Receipts. 14,000; strong to 5c higher.
Bulk of sales, $4 53®4 77%; heavy, $4 75®
4 82%; packers, $4 tJO®4 77%; pigs and light.
$4®4 70.
SHEEP—Receipts. 4000; strong to 10c higher.
Muttons, $4 50© 5 75; lambs, $6®7 50; range
wethers. $5 50@6 50; ewes, $4 26®5.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVE "POOL.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening ~..6 11% 6 10% 6 10%
Closing 6 11% 6 10% 6 10%
PARIS.
Wheat — Jan. May-Aug.
Opening 23 60 24 -60
Closing 23 60 24 60
Flour —
Opening 81 06 32 25
Closing 31 15 32 20
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Jan. 18. —The offerings at the wool
auction tales tj-day numbered 11,478 bales.
Competition was animated and the opening
prices were firmly maintained. The wool was
ln fine condition. Germany and Belgium
scoureds sold at good average. West Aus
tralian greasy was taken for France at full
rates. American purchasers Included new clip
bright haired crossbreds at Is 2d%®ls 4d and
Cape of Good Hope clothing greasy of good
quality. The demand for coarse crossbred*
was keen. Cape of Good Hope and Natal
grades sold freely, principally to the home
trade. -
trade. •
St. Louis Wool Market.
BT. LOUIS, Jan. 18. —Wool nominal; me
dium grades, combing and clothing, 23039 c;
light fine, 18®22%c; heavy fine, 14@18c; tub
washed, 27®41c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Jan. 18.—WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 83c; Bluestem, 88c; Valley, 87c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 18.—WHEAT—Unchanged.
Bluestem. »0c; Club, 86c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Jan. 18.—Clearings, $788,882;
balances, $138,082.
TACOMA, Jan. 18.—Clearings, $452,880;
balances, $28,380.
PORTLAND, Jan. 18.—Clearings, $705,515;
balances, $156,045.
SPOKANE, Jan. 18.—Clearings, $416,878;
balances, $86,508.
LOCAL MARKETS. '
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days..s4 85%@4 85%
Bterling Exchange, sight 4 87%©4 88
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 88 ©4 89
New York Exchange, sight 06 © 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphlo 07%© 10 r.
Silver, per ounce —
Mexican Dollars 48© 49
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris 6.15
New York on Mexico 203
Paris on London 36.18
Berlin an . London 30.46
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT—About the only news from the im
portant markets was a cable from Broomhall
saying that negotiations were proceeding for
the diversion from the United Kingdom to New
York of an arrived cargo of about 113,000
bushels Walla Walla Wheat on the sailer Ma
jors. Offerings of Wheat in India from first
hands were higher.
In this market ths only change was a frac
tional advance ln Northern Bluestem. Futures
were dull. • .„,
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 50® 1 52%; California
White Australian. $1 62%©1 66; Northern
Club. $1 52%®1 55; Northern Bluestem.
$1 66®1 66%; Northern Red. $1 47% per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May—sl 46% bid. $1 47 asked.
There was no afternoon session owing to the
funeral of the late Thomas G. Walkington.
BARLEY—lnquiries for a large quantity of
Barley for Oriental account are reported, and
yesterday loftO tons were reported practically
secured, with several thousand tons more still
to be purchased. Two vessels are said to be
heading this way to load for this account, but
lt is not yet definitely known what kind of
supplies they will take. The market, aside
from this Oriental business. Is much quieter
and prices show little variation. There was
a fair business ln futures yesterday morning.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 1601 18%: Brewing and Shipping,
$1 20® 1 22%; Chevalier, $1 20@1 25 per ctL
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a, m.
May—sl 17.
No afternoon session.
OATS—The steamer Tottenham Is reported
loading 3000 tons Oats and 1000 tons Hay for
the Orient, whether for Japan or Russia is not
generally known to the trade. Most of the
Oats are Eastern. Two more vessels are head
ing (his way to load unknown supplies for the
Orient as mentioned In the paragraph above.
The rumor on 'Change yesterday was that
about 6000 tons of Oats would be needed for
this Oriental order. This business renders the
market very stiff and tends to keep stocks
down to a low point.
White $1 45® 1 57%; Surprise. $1 55@1 60;
Red for feed. 81 45@1 50 for No. 1 and
$1 40@1 42% for No. 2; choloe, for seed,
$1 5001 56; Black, $1 86©1 46 for feed and
$1 5001 65 for seed; Eastern White. $1 42%®
1 45 per ctl.
CORN—Dealers are still quoting a quiet aad
unchanged market. Arrival of 1980 ctls from
the West yesterday.
Western sacked $1 27%@1 30 for New Yel
low and White and $1 22%®1 25 for Mixed;
California large Yellow, $1 30©1 36; small
round do, $1 65@1 SO; White, $1 25@1 30;
Egyptian. $1 85@1 37% for White and $1 17%
@1 20 for Brown.
, RYfi—sl 42%@1 47% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—SI 75@1 85 per ctl.
! Flour and Farinaceous Goods.
FLOUR—California Family Extras, $4 80®
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70@5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4®4 50
per bbl.
FARINACEOUS GOODS —Prices in packages
are as follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100
; lbs; Rye Flour. $3 "5 (in barrels $4 75); Rye|
' Meal, $3 50 (in barrels $4 60): Rice Flour,
$8- Corn Meal. $2 50; extra cream do. $3 75;
Oat Meal. $4 26@4 50; Oat Groats, '84 50:
Hominy. $3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, $4 r>o@
4 75; Cracked Wheat. 84; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 76; Rolled Oats, bbls, $6 50@
7 50; in sacks, $6@7; Pearl Barley, $6;
Split Peas, boxes. 85 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per
j 100 lbs.
Hay and Fcedstnffs.
The British steamer Tottenham is loading
1000 tons of Hay for either Russia or Japan.
The market rules easy, with the rains and
green feed exerting a weakening Influence on
quotations, which, however, are not actually
lower. Feeds tuffs show no change.
The circular of Somers A Co. says:
"During the past week 3820 tons of Hay
have been offered on our market, an amount
greater by 980 tons than was received the
week before. The slightly active demand has
j fallen off considerably, and this, with the un
| settled weather conditions, has caused the
market to be very* quiet. Consignees are still
holding out for former figures, but buyers are
well stocked up and seem unwilling to pay
the prices asked.
"During the week there has been psactic&lly
nothing of interest to report; trade continues
dull and the market seems to be determined,
not by general conditions, but by the dally
supply and demand. The Government Is now
taking about one thousand tons' for the Phil
ippine Islands, but this is counteracted by the
lack of other export and coastwise shipping.
"The recent rain, which has extended well
Into the south, has caused the farmers down
there to let go their holdings, so that district
will not have to draw very heavily on our
stocks, although lt will probably continue to
do so to some extent.
"Prices have shown little change for some
time past."
BRAN—$2O@2l 50 per ton.
j MIDDLINGS—S2S@2B per ton.
I BHORTS—S2C@2I 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS —Rolled Barley. $24 50©25 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 50®
32 50; Jobbing, $38; Cocoanut Cake, $23®24;
Cocoanut Meal, $24®25; Corn Meal, $31 50®
32: Cracked Corn. $32®32 50; Mixed Feed. $22
®23; Horse Beans, $30®40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
j HAY—Wheat, 8104115; Wheat and Oat.
$10®14; Oat, $9@12 50; Barley and Oat, $8®
! 10; Volunteer Wild Oat, $7®10; stable, $9®10;
stock, $6®7 60; Clover. $7®10; Alfalfa. $9@12
. per ton.
STRAW—3S®6Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Thero was no further change ln these mar-
BEANS—Bayos $2 76®3; Pea, $3 25®3 50;
I Butter $3®3 25; small White, $3 25®3 40;
large White. $2 45®2 65: Pink. $3 40®3 60;
1 Red, $4 75®6; Lima. $4 05®4 10; Red Kidneys,
,$4 25®4 60; Blackeyes. $2 50@2 60 per ctl;
' Horse Beans. $1 85®2 40.
SEEPS—-Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 3%®3%c; Flax, $2®a, 75; Canary,
6%c; Alfalfa. 12%®13c; Rape, 1%@2%c;
Timothy. 5%0; Hemp 8%®3%c per lb; Mil
let. 2%@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20@21 per
ton.
DRIED PEAS—Nlles, $1 75®2 60; Green
| Peas. $1 75@2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
River potatoes were ln Increased supply, but
ruled firm at higher, prices, good Btock celling
off well for local use and ordinary offerings
being ln demand for shipment to outside points.
There were no fresh arrivals of Salinas or
; Oregon Burbanks and the latter were higher,
with the best Coos Bay lots meeting with
' prompt sale at the maximum . quotation.
Sweets were plentiful but steady at the old
quotations, and Onions continued firm, with
stocks light.
Receipts of southern Peas and Beans con
tinued heavy and both descriptions were weak,
with plenty of poor stock available at the in
side quotations. Summer Squash, Tomatoes
and Egg Plant were ln light receipt and high
er, while Green Peppers were cheaper. Garlic
and Hothouse Cucumbers were firmer.
I POTATOES—Burbanks from the river 75®
96c per otl; Salinas Burbanks, $1 15® 1 45 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks $1 20® 130 per ctl;
River Reds 60©«0c per ctl; Early Rose. $1 30
01 45 per ctl; Garnet Chiles,' $1 40®1 50 per
ctl- Sweet Potatoes. 75c®$l per ctl.
ONIONS—S2 25®2 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES—Green Peas. 2%©5 c per lb;
String Beans. 8© 10c per lb; Wax Beans, 5®
1 8c; Tomatoes, $1 25® 1 65 per box or crate:
Summer Squash, $I®l 25 per box; Hothouse
Cucumbers $1 75 per dozen; Cabbage, 60®
60c per ctl; Carrots 30@40c per sack: Garlic,
9®loc per lb; Egg Plant, B@loc per lb; Dried
i Peppers, 10@12%c for sun-dried and 13®14c
i per lb for evaporated; Green Peppers, 6®Bo
| per lb; Mushrooms. 10@15c per jb; Marrowfat
and Hubbard Squash. $8© 10 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Another car of Western Poultry was mar- j
keted. making the sixth for the current week,
and the receipts from domestic shipping points
were quite heavy. Despite these liberal ar- :
rivals, the market continued firm for every- i
thing except Turkeys, and there was very i
little desirable stock left In first hands at the ;
close. There was very little doing In live or j
dressed Turkeys and the quotations were i
largely nominal. Game of good quality sold
well, but the bulk of the day's receipts were
poor and thin and moved slowly.
POULTRY—Dressed Turkeys. 20@24c per lb;
Live Turkeys, 18@20c per lb; Geese, per pair,
$2@2 50; Goslings ; Ducks. $5@6 per
i dosen for old and $6®7 for young; Hens, $4 50
I®s 60 for small and $5 60®6 50 for large;
' young Roosters. $607; old Roosters, $4 6906;
Fryers. $4 50@6 50; Broilers, $3@4; Pigeons,
$I©l 25; Squabs. $2@2 50.
GAME—Mallard Ducks, $2 5003 per dozen;
! Canvasback, $2 50©3; Teal. $1 50; Sprig.
Isl 75©2 26; Gray Ducks, $2; Widgeon. $1®
1 25: Red Heads. $2; t Black Jacks, $1 25;
small Ducks, $1; Gray Geese, $3; White Geese. |
rsc®sl 25; Brant, $2; for large and $1 for i
.small; Honkers. $3@4 50; Snipe. $3 for Etig- •
llsh and $1 50 for common; Hare, $2; Rabbits,
!$2 50 for Cottontails and $1 50 for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There was no further change yesterday,
either in Butter or Eggs. The Butter market
' continued well cleaned up and steady at the
advance, while dealers reported that the de
cline ln Eggs had caused them to move off .
better, as the retailers could now retail at >
. 80c at which price the public will buy freely, i
• Cheese was easy and unchanged.
Receipts were 30.400 lbs Butter, 879 cases |
Eggs and 7400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 24@250
for extras and 22®23c for lower to medium 1
(Trades r dairy. 18022 %c: cold storage, nor
n store Butter. 13@15c; Eastern cubes,
nominal- Eastern ladle-packed. 15®16c.
CHEESE} —10@llc for fair to choice mild
D4W and 10c for old; Young Americas, ll®12c;
! Eastern, 13@16c per lb.
EGGS —Ranch, 25©27% c for good to choice
and 24c for common; store Eggs, 24®25c; cold
storage, nominal; Eastern. 22®23c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There was continued activity ln the Apple
market, fine Newtown Pippins and Spitz en- i
bergs particularly being in demand at or near ;
the outside quotation. About ten carlodds
have been received from the north since Mon
day, and. although further liberal shipments
are expected from the same source ln the near
future, a firm feeling prevails In the market
for this fruit. Standard Navel Oranges. Tan- !
gerines and Mexican Limes were the best sell
ers ln the market for Citrus fruits, everything |
else being dull. Business ln the auction room
showed some improvement over the last sale,
i there being some demand for shlpmment to
' Honolulu. Five oars wore sold as follows: '
' Fancy Navels. $1 85©1 70; choice. $1 15©1 60; 1
' standard, $I@l 20. Some Tangerines ln half
j boxes were sold at $1 15 for fancy and 95c for I
| choice.
APPLES —$1 25©1 50 per box for fancy and
85c@$l 25 for common to choice; Lady Apples.
I $lfe 1 50 per box.
' CITRUB FRUITS —Oranges, Navels. $1 50®2
i per box for fancy and $1 25®1 60 for standard
and choice; Seedlings. 75c@$l; Tangerines,
I 81; Japanese Mandarins, 75c; Lemons.
$2®2 60 for fancy, $1 25®1 75 for choice and
! $101 25 for standards; Grape Fruit, $1 50@2;
! Mexican Limes. $4 60@5 per case; Bananas,
I $2@3 per bunch for Central American and $I®2
for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $1 50@2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
1 FRUlTS—Apricots. B@llc v for Royals and 11
I @12% c for Moorparks; Nectarines. 6%@8%c
for White and 6%©7% c for Red; Peaches. 7%®
9%c per lb; Pears, 7®l2c; Plums, pitted. 4®
5c for black. 6%@7c for red and 4%@tic
i for yellow- Figs 2-crown bricks, 45c: 3-crown,
60c; 4-crown, ttOo; 6-crown. 65c; bulk white,
i 2%®3c; black. 2%©6% c; Evaporated Apples, '
4®6c per lb.
PRUNES —1%®1%c per lb for the four sizes j
and 2%c basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS —1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno —Impe-
rial clusters $2 26©2 60; Dehesa, $1 30®l 35;
London Layers. 85c@$l; Loose Muscatels, 4
crown 6©5% c; 3-crown, 4%c; 2-qrawn. 303% c;
Beeded 4%@6c; Thompson's Seedlees, 4%© i
4%c- Seedless Sultanas, 3@sc per lb.
NUTS Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12® 13c; No.
» 2 10®llc; No. 1 hardshell, No. 2. 10c;
Almonds, 16017 c for Nonparlels. 14014% c for
1 I X L, 13%©14% c for Ne Plus Ultra and 11c
for Langu»j*oC' Peanuts. 6©7 c for Eastern;
, Cocoamits, $4 6005; Chest- ,
' nuts ssVOc per lb for Italian.
I h6nEY—Comb, 11%©13 c for white and 10©
11c for amber; water white extracted. 5%®
6%c; light amber extracted, 6©5% c; dark. 3©
4^4c
BEESWAX—27O29c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS—Bacon. 10% c per lb for
heavy 10% c for light medium, 13c for light;
14c for extra light and 14% c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides, 10c; Bellies, 11c; Eastern su- I
I gar-cured Hams, 12 to 14 lbs 12%o; 15 to 16
I lbs. 12c; 17 to 20 lbs. 11 %c; California
Hams. ll%c; Mess Beef. $10®10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess. $10 50011; Family. $12012 50;
prime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra clear. $22;
j Mess. $16 50; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet, $5;
Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD—Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound, 7c for Eastern compound
and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9%c; 10
--lb tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins, 9%c; 3-lb tins. 10c.
COTTOLENE—One half barrel. B%c; thrae
half barrels. B%c; one tierce. B%c; two tierces,
j B%c; five tierces, B%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
I HIDES AND BKINS—CuIIs and brands sell
i about %@lc under quotations. Heavy Baited
X Steers, 12c; medium, 11c; light. 10% c; Cow
; Hides 10% c for heavy and 10c for light;
Stags" 8c; Salted Kip. 11c; Salted Veal. 11 %c;
Salted Calf. 12%e; dry Hides, 18c; dry Kip,
i 16c; dry Calf, 22c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 260
' 40c each: short Wool. 50075 c each; medium.
90o@$l 10; long Wool, $1 1501 75; Horse
Hides salt $3 for large and 82 50 for me
■ dium $1 5002 for small and 50c for Colts;
I Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 26$
I 1 50 for medium, $1 for small. 50c for Colts.
' Buck Skins —Dry Mexican. 3Cc; dry salted
• Mexican. 25c; dry Central American, 30c;
Goat Skins—Prime Angoras, 75c; extra large
do $1 26; large, 50c; medium. 35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW —No. 1 rendered. 404% c per lb;
No. 2 3©B%c; Grease, 2©2% c.
WOOL. —Nominal: none here.
HOPS —1904 crop, 27030 c per lb; 1905 crop,
! 17%®18c bid.
Meat Market.
Everything remains unchanged, with all de-
I scrlptlona in good supply.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF—6©7c for Steers and 4% 06c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL—Large. 6%©Be; small. B©4>%c per lb.
MUTTON—Wethers, 7®Bc; Ewes. 6%©7% c
' per lb.
LAMB—9OIOc per lb for Yearlings and 150
; for Spring.
PORK—Dressed Hogs 6%08%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
I Livestock, delivered ln San Francisco, less 400
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE—Steers, 7%®7%c; Cows and Helf
j ers. 5%06%c; thin Cows. 4®sc per lb.
i CALVES—4®4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP—Wethers, 8%®3%0; Ewes, 3®3%0
i per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS—S2 6002 75 per hesd.
HOGS—Live Hogs. 200 to 250 lbs, 4%®4%0i
] 130 to 200 lbs. 6®5%c; 80 to 130 lbs. 4%®4%c;
soft Hogs, not wanted; Sows, 20 per cent off;
' Boars, 50 per cent off, and Stags. 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
General Meivhandi.se.
BAGS—Grain Bags, 5%c spot and 5%©00
for June and July; San Quentin. 6Vic; Wool
Bags, 30@32c: Fleece Twine. 7%c
! COAL—Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8: Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $6 50;
! Beaver Hill, $5 50; Roslyn 87: Coos Bay, $5 50:
; Richmond, $8; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
i $14 26 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
; $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13- Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke. $11 50013 per
| ton in bulk and $15 ln sacks; Rocky Mountain
i descriptions, $8 60 per short ton.
OILS —Quotations are for barrels; for cases
; add sc; Linseed, 55c per gallon for boiled and
53c for raw; Castor Oil, ln cases. No. 1. 70c;
: Bakers' AA. cases, $1 1001 12; Lucol. 60c for
j boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut, cases. 660
| 80c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. in barrels, 58c 1
I for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra j
: bleached winter Sperm Oil, 68c; natural win- '
; ter Sperm Oil. 63c: extra bleached winter i
Whale Oil, 67c; natural Whale Oil, 52c; extra ;
! winter strained Lard Oil, 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. '
• 66c; pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot >
! OH. 63c; light Herring Oil, 42c; dark Herring
j Oil 40c; Salmon OH 34c; boiled Fish OH. 37c; :
raw Fish Oil 35c; boiled Paint Oil, 33c; raw
! Paint OH. 31c.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE, ETC.—Water White ■
Coal Oil. in bulk, 12% c; Pearl OH, ln cases,
19c; Astral. 19c; Star. 19c; Extra Star. 22c;
Elaine, 25% c; Eocene, 21c; Deodorised Stove
Gasoline, in bulk. 16c; ln cases, 22%e; Motor j
Gasoline, in bulk. 16c; ln cases. 22% c; No. 1
Engine Distillate, Iron bbls or drums, 8c; No. |
2 do, 6%c; cases. 6%c more; Benzine, in bulk, j
13c; in cases. 19% c; 86-degree Gasoline, In
bulk, 25c; ln cases, 81c.
TURPENTINE:—7Bc per gallon ln cases and
' 72c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD—Red Lead, 7%®
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7V*®7%c. according
|to quantity.
SUGAR—The Western Sugar Refining Com
, pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.25 c;
1 Powdered, 6.10 c; Candy Granulated, 6.10 c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6c; Fruit Granulated, 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only> 5.90 c: Confectioners' A, 6c;
Magnolia A 5.60 c; Extra C. 5.60 c; Golden C,
5.40 c; "D."' 5.30 c; barrels. 10c more; half
i barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags
' 10c more for all kinds. Tablets—Half barrels]
6.50 c; boxes. 6.76 c; H. A E. Crystal Domlnos,
9c per lb. No orders taken for leas than sev
enty-five barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce,
FOR WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 18. j
Flour, qr sks... 6,32o,Potatoes sks 8,681
Wheat, ctls 700 Beans, sks 1,808 :
Corn (West), ctls l,9so|Bran. sks 978 j
Tallow, ctls ... 225 Middlings, sks... 200!
Sugar, ctls 1.240 Feed, sks 340
[ Leather rolls .. 164[Wine, gals 46,100 j
| Hides, No 680 Hay tons 782 I
! Pelts, bdls 454 Hops, bales 30
Lime, bbls 911 Wool, bales 113
Chicory, bbls .... 50! .
OREGON.
Wool, bales 21
STOCK MARKET.
Continued Activity and Firmness on
the Bond Exchange.
It was another brisk and Interesting day on
the Stock and Bond Exchange, with plenty of
; snap to the market, which seemed full of <
orders. The list of transactions was extended
and varied. The advance In the sugars was
less pronounced, though Onomea rose two
i points to $37. and Makawell and Honokaa
were each 50c better than on Tuesday. Hutch- I
' tr.son and Paauhau were slightly easier on ;
: the day and Honolulu sold off to $34 75 on
the morning session, recovering to $35, how- {
! ever, ln the afternoon. There were no sales
lof Hawaiian Commercial. Contra Costa Water '
; was higher at $30©31, and Giant Powder at
307003. There was an active demand for ■
| Bank of California stock, which carried the !
I price up to $446, a clean jump of $16 over the
| preceding day and the bidding for lt was
brisk. The exhibit of Alaska Packers' finan
• clal affairs at the special meeting on Tuesday
1 evidently gave a better complexion to the com
pany's stock, for lt strengthened considerably,
' rising to $90, against a closing price of
$86 62% the previous day, though the dealings
!ln it were not large. Dealings ln bonds were
j active, amounting to $111,000.
The mining shares also came In for a very
fair volume of trading, bat showed no special
' features. The oil stocks continued quiet.
The Reliable Gas Regulating Company of
< Ban Francisco has declared a quarterly dlvl
; dend of 3c per share, payable February 2
j The Homestake Mining Company of Bouth
| Dakota will pay a regular monthly dividend
, of 25c per share January 25.
The Bell Telephone Company of Philadel
phia paid a regular quarterly dividend of 1%
per cent yesterday.
The Italian-American Bank has been elected
a member of the San Francisco Clearing-bouse
Association.
STOCK AND BOND EX CHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 18—t p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .106%106 14s qr op new.130%131%
4s qr reg. .105%108 |Ss qr coup... 104%105
I MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW6a — — lO G LAH 5s 108 —
Asso OH ss. 86% — O W gtd 6s. — —
Bay CPC 68.102 102% Oceanic 8 ss. — TO
Cal C G 6a 104%106% Om Cable 6a. 121% —
Cal GA Eg Olm 4s, — 98
mA et 6s. — — P B Ry 55..106 —
Cal-st C 58.112 — PA C H 68.108% —
C C Wat ss. — 98% P A O R 65.113 —
EdL A P 65.124 126 IPowell-st 6s. — 114%
FA C H 6s. — — Sac EGAR55.101%102%
Geary-st 55.. — 90 ,SF A 5JV55.120% —
H C&S 5%8.106 — |Sierra R 60.. — —
i Do 6s ....106% — 8 P of A 6s
! Hon R T 6e.t06% — (1909) — —
L A Elec ss. — — i (1810) — —
LAG ABlss — — 8 P of C 8s
LA Ry 55.. — — (1906)5r A.lOl 101%
LAL gtd ss. — 106%! (1905)5r B. — 103% I
LAP Icm 55.101 — I (1906) 104% —
Mkt-et C 65.U3 — I (1912) 114% —
Do lem 58.116 — SPC 1 eg ss. — —
MVA MtTSs. — 108 I Do stampd-108% —
I NRR of C 65.108% — S P B R 6s. 135 —
ism Do 5s ...120 — 9 V Wat 6s. 106% —
55.104% — I Do 4s 2dm.100 —
NC Ry 55.. — — Do 4s 3dm. 99% —
N C P C ss. — 102%! Do g mtg4s 97% —
NS R R ss. 99%10OV 4 !Stkn GAFJOs. 93 —
Oak TCo 6e.118% — |U G A Ess. — —
Do 5s ...-111% — UR of SF 4s. 87 —
Do con 55.103% — I .
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 80 31 % I Port Costa... — —
Marin C 0.... — «»%IS V Wat Co. 88% 88%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
' Cent LAP. 3% Sttll F G A B. 51% 51%
Mutual EL. — 10%|Stkn GAB. — 5%
Pac L C 0... — 58%!U GAB Co. — —
INSURANCE,
i Firem's Fnd. — 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 132%1L P A A ...152 —
Anglo-Cal ..88 92 Mer Trust. .. — 240
Bank of Ca1.446 — IMerch Ex.... 60 —
Cal Safe Dp.152 — IS F National — —
Frst Natlonl.3ls 350 !
• : SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S ft L.2330 — I Say ft L So.. — 100
Hum SAL— — Sec Say Bk.. — 410
Mutual Say.loo — lUnlon T C 0.2700 3300
S F Say L T -610 — !
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..202% — |Presidio — 41
Geary — 50 I
POWDER.
Giant 07 68% Vlgorlt S 4%
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 82% — | Makawell C. 87 17%
AUCTION SALES
£a fe*
50 HEAD OF HORSES.
I Saddle and drivers; some matched teams.
I SMITH'S SALEYARD. Haywards aye.. San
1 Leandro. Sale commences at 11 a. m., Satur
-1 day. January 21, rain or shine. J. N. BARRY,
j Auctioneer.
AUCTION.
i fe
I RETIRING FROM BUSINESS.
Fifty head of all-purpose HORSES and 50
head of all-purpose MULES; also one four
year-old Pinto Shetland pony belonging to
Hunter Bros., liverymen and contractors; also
I hack, 10 rubber-tire buggies, 3 surreys, 1 3
seater and 30 sets of light and heavy harness.
Sale takes place SATURDAY, January 21, 1906,
II a. m., Nineteenth st. and Broadway, Oak
land.
Honokaa B C 22% — I Onomea S C. 86% 87
Hutch 8 P C 17% 17% Paauhau S C 24% 28
Kilauea 3 C. 5% 6 \
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 89% — |Oceanic S Co, 4% 5%
Cal F C A. 88% 99% Pac Aux FA- 4) —
Cal Wins A. 80 82% Pao C 80n.157 —
MVA MtTm. — 100 |Pao 8 Tel Co. 108 118
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board— \
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 87 Of
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 87 60
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 88 50
46 Alaska Packers' Association... 88 00
100 Bank of California 445 00
ISO California Wins Association... 80 00
10 Contra Costa Water 80 00
25 Contra Costa Water, b 6..... 80 00
60 Giant Powder Con 68 00
26 Honokaa S Co ......... 21 75
100 Hutchinson 8 P C 0............ 17 T5
110 Makawell 87 60
50 Onomea Sugar Oo •.. «# 89 00
50 Onomea Sugar Co. S 10 36 00
50 Onomea Sugar Co. a 10........ 86 12%
100 Onomea Sugar Co. s 10.,....., 86 25
50 Paauhau S P Oo „„.. 34 75
150 Paauhau 8 P C 0............ 26 00
26 8 F Gas ft Electrio 50 76
$1,000 Bay Counties Power Co ss. ...103 25
$1,000 Hawaiian Coral A Sugar 5s 106 00
55.000 Los Angeles Ry 6 per cent,. 117 00
1.000 Oakland Transit Co os, LU 75
$1,000 Oakland Transit CO 6s ~118 75
$5,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent. .108 26
$87,000 United R R of S F 4 psr cent. 87 TS
Street —
10 Giant Powder Con ~... 67 08
195 Onomea Sugar Oo 05 09
Afternoon Passion
Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Asportation... 90 00
10 Bank of California ..446 00
10 Bank of California 4*6 00
15 Contra Costa Water C 0...... 31 00
140 Honokaa S Co . M 23 00
350 Honokaa 8 Co 33 25
910 Honokaa S Co 33 60
26 Hutchinson S P C0...1T 87*4
60 Hutchinson S P C 0..........*. IT T6
100 Onomea Sugar Co i i saa i iia 37 00
60 Paauhau S P C 0.............. 35 00
100 Paauhau 8 P Co 34 87*4
7 Paciflo States Tei ft Tel 10C 00
20 S F Gas ft Electric 51 00
40 8 F Gas ft Electric 51 13%
$5,000 Cal Gaa ABIGMftCTBa,B4OO
$8,000 Cal Gas A El O M A O T 6s. 84 36
$6,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 75
$5,000 Spring Vol 4s (3d mtge), b ft. 98 62%
$10,000 Spring Vol 4s (3d mtge). b ft, 99 75
Street—
14.000 Hawaiian Coml ft Sugar 5s 108 09
8,000 United R R of S F 4 per oent. 87 75
$14,000 Paciflo Electric Ry 5 per oent. .108 3ft
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask,
Bay CPC 6a.100 — ISF ft NP 55.111% —
B L Wat 6s. — 114%j S P Oo 4%5,100% —
Cal NW 55.. — 114 Sun Tel 65...110 —
M C Wat 6s. — 114 Do 6s 106% —
SF Drdk 55.U2 — ISuttr-st R65.104 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — 25 IN 8R R Co. — 13%
Amer Bis Co — 90 IN Cal P Co. 9 8%
Cal Cot Mils 80 — iOak Bk Say. 126 —
Cal Powder.. 130 146 I Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 JIOOF Hall A 8% —
Cal Tlft T. — 165 lOrpheum Co. — 16%
Cen Bk, Oak 65 — PacC Cos Co. 125 —
Chutes Co .. 5 8 Pac Sur C 0..105 —
City ft.C Bk — 120 IParaf Paint.. 44 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 6%|S F Drydock — , 65
DptPwd pfd. — 77% SFftSJ Coal. 17% 20
FN Bk Oak. 120 — 'S J Wat C 0.108% —
Fischer Thtr — 1% ISO ft MTgbt.l26 —
Frnch-A 8k.105 110 Swlss-A 8k..120 —
Hono P Co.. 86 — Truck EOect.. 11% 12%
Do pool .. 84% — Union S Co.. — 30
LonA SF Bk 67% — UR InC pfd. 66% —
Mat Nay Co. 70 — Do com ... IT —
Nev Nat 8k.202% —
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
60 Honolulu Plantation C 0....... 84 T5
Street—
200 Cal Gas ft E4ec Corp 50 00
100 United Ry Inv Co pfd 85 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
155 Honolulu Plantation Co Bft 00
California Stock and OH Exchange.
OH Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 38
Associated OH Trust Cert.... 29 31
Caribou T 50 10 09
Central Point Con Bft .....
Claremont 82%
Forty 45
Four 68
Home 43 48
Independence 28 29
Kern River 0 00 10 60
Monte Cristo 86
OH City Petroleum TO
Peerless 8 80 ....
Pittsburg 11 15
S. F. A McKittrlok 8 09
Superior 05 , ■ •-
Twenty-Eight 13 09
Miscellaneous—
Associated Oil Co. bonds 87 09 ....
Cal. Jockey Club 113 00 ....
Northern Cal Power 9 00 9 03
SALES.
Mornlnsr Session.
Board — _^
4800 Associated stock 39
800 Independence •• 2S
Afternoon Session.
Board —
800 Home Oil —— *•
Mining Stocks.
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK BXCHANOaV
Following were the sales on the San FrasV
olsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday;
Morning Session —Comet odes.
700 Andes 221 50 Ophlr «80
100 Belcher 20 200 Overman 23
200 Chollar 28 900 Savage ........ *0
500 Con Cal ft V.l 85 100 Sierra N0v.... 43
500 Exchequer ... 86 700 Sierra Nev.. 43
200 Hole ft Noral 80 400 Union C 05.... 03
100 Mexican 308 300 Utah ........ 19
100 Ophlr 0 87% 600 Yellow Jaftket. 34
Afternoon Session—Com stocks.
100 Alpha 161 100 Hale ft Noma 89
100 Andes 3lt 300 Justice U
1400 Andes 20i 100 Mexican ......2 05
100 Belcher , 101 200 Ophlr 0 87%
100 Best A Belch. 1 10| 200 Potosl 10
200 Challenge ... 23: 100 Bavag* 41
200 Chollar 28 700 Sierra. N0v.... 48
100 Con Col ft V.l 65 100 Utah ......... 10
800 Gould A Cur. 28 100 Yellow Jacket. 23
200 Gould ft Cur. 22 200 Yellow Jacket. 33
100 Hale ft Noro.l 66|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask, I / Bid. Ask.
Alpha 16 18|Ju&a 04 06
Alta 08 081 Justice 17 30
Andes 20 21lKentuck 02 08
Belcher 10 20.Lady Wash ..03 C 4
Beat A Belch.l 06 1 10! Mexican 3 08 2 15
Bullion 24 25! Occidental ... 87 90
Caledonia .... 38 40[Ophlr ft 26 650
Challenge ... 22 231 Overman 31 22
Chollar 27 28IPotosi 14 15
Confidence ... 86 90! Savage 89 40
Con Cal ft V.l 86 1 701 Scorpion 18 20
Con Imperial. 01 02 Beg Belcher... 08 0.7
Con N V.... 04 OftlSlerra Nev.... 42 43
Crown Point.. 16 17 Silver Hi 11.... 67 <»
E Sierra Nev 08 06 St. Louis 10 12
Eureka Con.. — 801 Syndicate 11 —
Exchequer ... 83 60|Unlon C0n.... 88 84
Gould ft Cur. 22 2S>Utah 18 20
Hale ft Norc.l 60 1 56!Te1Iow Jacket. 22 21
TONOPAH AND GOLDFTEJLD STOCKS.
Morning Session, j
1200 Black Ants .. 101 100 Mohawk 18
2800 Black Butte.. 221 500 North Star... 23
1000 Bullfrog Mln. 79 3000 Orig Bullfrog. 26
1000 Bullfrog Mln. 601000 Red Top 17
2000 Dixie 20! 500 Red Top 16
100 Gold Anchor. 2811000 Rescue ....... 06
500 Goldfleld Dmd 12' 500 Rescue 06
1000 Goldfleld Mm. 751000 Bylvanla 25
900 Goldfleld Mln. 74| 1600 Timber Hi 11... 20
300 Goldfleld Mln. 73 30J} Ton Belmoat.. 7 :
600 Goldfleld Ton. 1011500 Ton Mldw«r. •32
1000 Jumbo Ex .. 231 100 Ton of N0v..11 75
1500 Jumbo Eat .. 241000 Verde 0«
3000 Kendall 3211100 Vernal 13
Afternoon Session.
300 Cent. Bureka.l WIOOO N V Ton Con. 14
2000 Esperanza ... 02' 300 Orig Bullfrog. 25
500 Goldfleld 88l 08 200 Orig Bullfrog. 26
500 Goldfleld Mln. 7211000 Red Lion 08
1000 Goldfleld Mln. 711 500 Rescue f».
500 Goldfleld Ton. 00! 700 Sandstorm ... 50
1500 Jumbo Ex .. 23 2000 Sandstorm ... *2
! 1500 Jumbo Bx .. 24'inoo Svlvanls. ..... 26
2500 May Queen... Sfll Ton Belmont.. i 2
1000 May Queen... 3712000 Ton Mt. n
200 Mont Ton ...2 10|1«vo Ton Gold Mt.. 14
20OMohaWk 17' n ~ 7,'" Midway.. 3?
100 North Star... 24 1000 Verde 07
200 North Star... 381
Con tinned on Pace Tutlftw
1814
DISCUSSES LAW OF DUNSMUIR CASE
ExDert Dwyer
Is Still on
the Stand.
Attorney J. J. Dwyer, who has been
giving expert testimony In the Duns
lnuir will contest on the probate law of
California, had his fifth day on the
htand yesterday in the hearing before
Courtenay Bennett, the British Consul.
So far his evidence has been direct tes
timony or. behalf of James Dunsmuir,
ihe executor, to prove the probate law
of California.
Mr. Dwyer has cited authorities ga
lore. His examination so far has been
conducted by Charles S. Wheeler, at
torney for James Dunsmuir. Every
phase of the probate law has been dis
cussed. The long experience of the wit
ness in probate matters in connection
v. ith the Hibernla Bank has made him
an authority. He was on the stand
during both sessions yesterday, and
will continue this morning at 10:30
o'clock. His testimony was on the same
lines as that he had given during the
preceding four days.
In the afternoon session to-day Sir
< harles H. Tupper will take Expert
Dwyey in hand for cross-examination'
had after him Judge E. C. Coyne will
also put the witness through a rigid
: ess-examination.
Charles C. Morris, Deputy County
' lerk, was on the stand for a few
minutes yesterday afternoon. He
brought his long minute book with him
and gave testimony regarding the date
and time of probating the famous will.
During the afternoon session a short
. cess was taken to allow Expert
Dwyer to lo&k up some references in
i he mass of books he had brought with
!>im. The interim was spent by the
legal lights present telling a number
of witty stories. Consul Bennett and
Attorney Wheeler were particularly
happy in their efforts.
Federal Grand Jury Chosen.
The following were yesterday im
paneled as grand jurors in the United
States District Court: Colin M. Boyd,
foreman r C. E. Ames, J. D. Bailey,
Edward L. Baldwin, Samuel Booth,
Kenry C. Curtaz, J. M. Cumming, A.
D. Cutler, John J. Dempsey, Henry E.
Footman, Henry Hanson, M. S. James,
J. T. Jennings, E. A. Keil, J. F. Ken
nedy. D. M. Kent. Byron Mauzy, Rich
ard J. Mier, C. W. Plnkertbn, James
Flclph Jr.. S. H. Taylor. Isadore Zel
lerbach, A. E. Drendell. secretary.
Suicide of George Hill.
George Hill, a laborer, 30 years old,
\ swallowed carbolic acid with suicidal
intent yesterday in a room at 23 Turk
street. An old woman named Mag
gie Leslie, whom he was visiting, in
fer mcd Deputy Coroner Meehan. Mcdi
i al aid was summoned, but he died be
fore it arrived. Hill roomed at the
corner of Brannan and Second streets.
ASK:- PAY FOR INJURlES.—Margaret Mur
ray yesterday sued the United Railroads for
damages for injuries alleged to have been
sustained by her on October 18 last. She said
that 'lie had stepped to the platform of a
Powell street car for the purpose of alighting
nt Bush. The car slowed and then started
suddenly, throwing her to the ground.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WOMEN'S NEGLECT
SUFFERINGTHE SURE PENALTY
Health Thus Lost Is Restored by Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
How many women do you know who
are perfectly well and strong? We
hear every day the same story over and
over again. "I do not feel well; lam
so tired all the time!"
More than likely you speak the same
words yourself, and no doubt you feel
far from well. The cause may he easily
traced to some derangement of the fe
male organs which manifests itself in
depression of spirits, reluctance to go
anywhere or do anything, backache,
■ a ring-down pains, flatulency, nerv
'-ness, sleeplessness, leucorrhoaa.
These symptoms are but warnings
thai there is danger ahead, and unless
deeded a life of suffering or a serious
: ; >p ration is the inevitable result.
The never-failing remedy for all these
symptoms is 'Lydia E. Pinkham's Veg
etable Compound.
Miss Kate McDonald, of Wood bridge,
N. J., writes:
Dear Mrs. Pinkham:
'' I think that a woman naturally fIMBMs to
make her troubles known to the public, but
restored health has meant so much to me that
I cannot help from telling mine for the sake
of other suffering women.
" For a-long time I suffered untold agony
with a uterine trouble and irregularities,
n hich made me a physical wreck, and no one
i bought I would recover, but Lydia E. Pink
ham's Vegetable Compound has entirely
cured me, and made me well and strong, and
I feel it my duty to tell other suffering women
what a splendid medicine it is. '
If you are ill, don't hesitate to get a
bottle of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegeta
:>le Compound at once, and write to
Mrs. Pinkham, Lynn, Mass., for special
advice—it is free and always helpful.
JOE POHEIM,
THE TAILOR.
Finest Perfect-Fitting Clothes at
Lowest Prices. .
301 Montgomery St.. Cor. Bush.
1110 and Ilia Market St.. S. r.
f* a nTCD*iI CURE SICK HEADACHE.
UAKItKo .
sgguTLE Genuine Must Bear
■ iVER Fac-Simile Signature
feel 3 | y^e^^^f
WELL-KNOWN LOCAL ATTORNEY WHO IS GIVING EXPERT TESTIMONY IN
THE DUNSMUIR WILL CONTEST. AND FORMER CANADIAN MINISTER
OF JUSTICE WHO IS ACTING AS COUNSEL FOR MRS. JOAN DUNSMUIR.
MAKING READY
FOR THE SHOW
Nucleus of the California
Lewis and Clark Exhibit
Is Unloaded at Portland
The nucleus of the California exhibit
for the Lewis and Clark Fair, which
is to open next July at Portland, Or.,
has been unloaded at its destination,
under the direction of Commissioner J.
A. Filcher, who went nc-*h some days
ago for that purpose. Architects have
prepared drawings for the .building
that California may erect if the Legis
lature appropriates the money needed.
The drawings will be considered by
Governor Pardee, together with esti
mates of cost. These steps mark the
beginning of t v - work to have Califor
nia advertised ln the Northwest during
the coming Portland show.
Three carloads of California exhibits
have been sent to Portland to date.
These are what remained as available
material for show purposes when the
State display at St. Louis was closed at
the end of the Louisiana Purchase Ex
position. Altogether, forty-seven car
loads of material went from California
to St. Louis. Fifteen carloads were re
turned to this State. Three are in Port
land. The contents of tne other cars
have been variously dispersed. The
wine collection at St. Louis was sold
and so were the dairy exhibits and
parts of the forestry exhibit. Perish
able fruits that went to St. Louis and
also printed matter relating to Califor
nia and its Industries and resources
were »glven away. The three carloads
of exhibits that are in Portland repre
sent a part of the State's educational,
forestry, horticultural and agricultural
show In the Middle West.
Commissioner Filcher went to Port
land at the request of Governor Pardee
to take the necessary steps in advar.c*
of action by the Legislature, to see that
the exhibits ln hand should be properly
made ready. Secretary George A. Den
nison of the California Commission to
the St. Louis Exposition has opened an
office in the Palace Hotel in this city
and is engaged ln winding up the St.
Louis business.
' • "
LIVERY STABLE OWNER
SEEKS HACKMAN'S ARREST
John Gavin Accused by E. G. Pierce
of Violating Ordinance by Inter
fering With Funeral.
E. G. Pierce, proprietor of the Ne
vada stables. 1350 Market street, ob
tained a warrant from Police Judge
Cabaniss yesterday for the arrest of
John Gavin, a hackman, on a charge
of interfering with a funeral. , The
arrest is sought under an ordinance
"prohibiting the disturbance of 1 pro
cessions."
Pierce was accompanied by Attor
ney Bush Finnell, who represents the
Citizens' Alliance. He alleges that last
Friday Gavin refused to drive a hearse
at a funeral on Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth, thereby blocking
the procession. The reason given was
that lt had been discovered that one
of the men driving a hack did not be
long to the union. It was necessary
to procure a union hackman to take
the place of the non-union man be
fore Gavin would consent to drive the
hearse further.
Inspector Kimmel Returns.
E. ( T. Kimmel, United States immi
grant inspector, has returned from a
business trip to the East
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1905.
EXCHANGE WILL
CENTER FORCES
Grain Brokers and Marine
Department to Move Into
New Building This Week
Next Saturday morning the marine
department of the Merchants' Ex
change and the grain board will be
ready for business in the Merchants'
Exchange building, and some ceremony
will mark the permanent establishment
of these institutions in the handsome
new quarters that have been provided.
There are now in the structure the
Chamber of Commerce, Merchants' As
sociation, the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association, the Board of Fire
Underwriters, the Southern Paclfle
Company and the executive offices of
the Merchants' Exchange. This con
centration of business interests and
Commercial organizations was planned
many months ago. Only, the opening
and completion of the Merchants' Ex
change structure was lacking to make
it fully effective.
The grain board and the marine de
partment will be housed on the main
floor in the rear. Various new facilities
for the transaction of business and
the perfecting of the service of the
marine department have been provided,
especially ln the telegraph and in pos
tal accommodations. The event of Sat
urday will therefore possess consider
able business significance.
The overworked Eye, faded Eye, red
and inflamed Eye. Eye that needs care,
relieved by Murine Eye Remedy. •
Missing Girls Return Home.
. Eva Venruff, the 17-year-old girl
who disappeared on Sunday night
with Mrs. Isla Murat, a girl wife, re
turned to the parental roof at 211
Webster street yesterday morning.
Mrs. Murat accompanied her. Edwin
Miller, 4024 Eighteenth street, and
Arthur Curran, 95 Hickory avenue,
the two young men who were with the
girls on Sunday night, called upon
Captain Burnett yesterday and ex
plained that they had nothing to do
with the girls leaving home. Eva had
told them that she was being ill
treated by her mother and wanted to
get away from home. They helped
the girls to get a room on Fourth
street, near Harrison, and that was all
they knew about It.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
piood JlumoFs
X Liquid or Pills X
• Greatest of •
2 Blood and Skin Purifiers, Z
X has wrapped about it a com- W
$ description and treat- #
Z mcnt for Constitution*)) Hu- Z
x mors, as well as for cooling |fee x
$ blood and cleansing the system •
Z in all humors of the blood, Z
$ skin, and scalp, with loss of X
• hair. Cures are speedy, per- v
Z manent, and economical. Z
LEAVES MONEY
ON STREET CAR
Southern Pacific Steward
Forgets Sack Containing
$540 in Gold and Silver
A STRANGE OVERSIGHT
|E. H. Card Realizes His Mis
take When He Enters the
Office of the Treasurer
Ej H. Card, an absent-minded South
j crn Pacific dining car steward, alight.
!ed from a Kearny-street car yesterday
{ morning and left behind him a sack
containing $640 in gold and silver. Ho
was not aware that he had forgdlten
j the coin till he went inta. the treas
i urer's office to turn the money in.
f Card Is in charge of dining car J*o.
j 100 of train No. 9, Sunset Express,
I which arrived in this city from New
Orleans yesterday morning shortly
after 9 o'clock. He gathered In the re
ceipts of the trip with the intention
of turning them in to the treasurer, but
before settling went to North Beach to
make a call.
About 10 o'clock Card boarded car
, 976 of the Kearny-street line on his
1 way downtown. He alighted at Cali
| fornia street and made his way up to
! the company's office in the new Mer
i chants' Exchange building. Card hand
!ed over the itemized account to the
j treasurer's clerk and called for a re
| ceipt. "Where's the money?" asked the
< clerk. Just then the conductor realized
I that he had forgotten his sack of coin.
Fortunately Card remembered
! number of the car on which he had
1 traveled and in short order located it.
: The conductor knew absolutely noth-
I ing about the precious bag. He had
not noticed it in the car and could vol
; unteer no information concerning it.
j Card then went back to the Southern
; Pacific office and reported the case
i over to the detectives of the company.
I Then he placed "ads" in the various
: newspapers and finally made a call on
i Captain of Detectives Burnett at the
' Hall of Justice. The police told the
' conductor that they could do nothing
fof him, as they had no clew, and the
: only way for him to get the money
back was to trust to the honesty of
! the finder.
{ Card is very much distressed over the
i loss of the coin. If the finder does not
j return the money the conductor will
be held responsible by the company,
jHe says he is sure he left the sack on
the street car.
To Visit San Francisco
Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like visiting Europe without seeing Par
is. It is a leading feature of San Francis
co, and is the most beautiful Jewelry
store in the world. Visitors or purchas
ers are equally welcome. 221 Montgom
ery street, between Bush and Pine. •
General Rains in North.
j The rainfall was general along the
coast yesterday from San Francisco
| north. The winds were high off shore,
! but light in the interior. The precip
! Station in San Francisco was .32 of an
I inch, t Forecaster McAdie predicts
stormy weather for to-day.
Fountain Pens.
Let us fit your hand to a "Waterman
Ideal Fountain Pen" at $2.50. or a "Mar
shall." the best $1.00 fountain pen in the
world. It is Just as important for a pen
to fit your hand as it is for a shoe to fit
your foot. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. •
WANT LIGHT AND GOOD RAILS.—The
Thirty-ninth District Improvement Club peti
tioned the Supervisors yesterday to provide for
seven lights ln the district and to require the
United Railroads to lay a modern rail on its
California street extension electric line.
Be sure a bottle of Plso'a Care
Is kept on hand for sudden colds. •
WINDOW CLEANER FALLS.—J. Brown, a
negro window -cleaner, fell from the second
story »t 207 Montgomery street yesterday and
sustained a fractured shoulder.
APVERTISEMENTS.
"COUGH FOR THE DOCTOR, DARLING"
Beware of a cough, especially of infants and delicate children.
Don't wait until the cough becomes hard, the throat inflamed, the
lungs and bronchial passages congested. Avoid cough remedies
that contain opiates, stupefying drugs and dangerous anodynes.
They only quiet the symptoms —drug the cough into silence—but
that is not curing. A weak place is left to cause trouble later.
A remedy must be used to subdue the inflammation, stimulate the
secretions, soothe and heal the irritated membranes, and cure the
cough to stay cured.
IRJSH MOSS
COUGH BALSAM
is such a remedy. It enjoys the endorsements of many phy
sicians who use it in their daily practice.
25c and 50c* At your druggist.
CLUNIE BATTLE
RAGES IN COURT
Judge Bridgford Intimates
That He May Settle His
Rights on the Outside
AVHITE NOTE IS PAID
One of Items in Objections
to Executor's Account Is
Corrected by Bank Check
Bitter feeling, sharp questions and 1
answers, and an implied threat marked
yesterday's continuation of the exam- !
ination of E. A. Bridgford by Andrew I
J. Clunie In the hearing in Judge Cof
fey's court on the objections to the ex
ecutors' account of their administra
tion of the estate of Thomas J. Clunie.
When the antagonists began to show
their unfriendliness Judge Coffey I
sought to change their course by sug- ;
gestlng that the words they were in- i
dulging in had already led to the pub
lication of personal matter that should
not have been dragged through the j
courts. I
"I am' as reluctant as any one to |
drag these things through the court," ;
said Mr. Clunie, "but I cannot see my
property taken away without object
ing."
Judge Bridgford glared at his accuser ,
and said menacingly:
"There have been insinuations all
through these proceedings, and if I
cannot protect my rights in court I will i
settle them outside."
"I hope you won't injure me," !
1 chimed Clunie mockingly, while Judge
Coffey begged to assure Bridgford that
his rights would be protected.
The examination proceeded and there |
were other flashes at times. When the j
question of the note of B. G. White, ■
the other executor, which had not been
included in the report, was brought up,
Bridgford announced that White had
paid the note with a check for $4088
yesterday morning. Bridgford had not |
had time to bank it and handed it over
to Clunie, who indorsed it as one of
the executors. White had explained
that this note was security for a Har
court note which had been mentioned
in the account, so the matter was not
really omitted. Clunie contends that i
it was not a collateral note but a per
sonal obligation.
The question of the payment of $8000
to Judge Grant for legal services waa,j
again taken up, and Bridgford went j
through Grant's statement of services.
Item by item, while Clunle checked
off the papers mentioned and of- J
fered comment as he went. The
clause in the Clunie will providing
that the three executors, all of whom j
were lawyers, should choose one of i
their own number as attorney for the
estate, was construed by Bridgford as
a mere provision to guarantee that
such attorney should be paid in addi
tion to his fee as executor for legal
services, if he so acted.
The hearing was cut short in the af- !
ternoon to permit D. M. Delmas to
make a statement of tiis services to the
trustees of the estate. The matter is
I not involved in the present controversy,
1 but Delmas had other engagements.
He explained that he had advised the
trustees tor a period of six weeks re- :
garding Mrs. Clunie's claim for her j
Share of the community property,
which he concluded could never pre-
V«JI, and regarding Andrew Clunie's
contentions regarding the Invalidity
of the trust clause in the will, which
he concluded were partly right and'
partly wrong. The two questions in
volved about $450,000 of the estate, and U
Mr. Delmas thought his services were |
reasonably worth $7500. Judge Coffey
will pass upon the matter later. r
Drop ln and see our color effects. Edward
Knowle» Company, Printers. 24 Second «t. • j
ARRESTED FOR CRUELTY. —Morris Ros- ;
enfeldt and Ignatlo Barboso were arrested yes- ;
terday by Jabez Swan and Officer McCurrlo of i
the Humane Society, respectively for driving
crippled horse*. The abused animals were j
pieced in stables and their drivers were taken ■ ]
to the Hall of Justice. ]
At Hale's: New Price on
Wool Waist To^Day
69c %
Waists like the picture, different colors.
Sturdy, pretty Scotch flannel, striped, made mMf^ffh.
with two pleats on each side of the front pfMl'Ak
pleat, full sleeves, narrow band cuff, French fUI JSm\
back. 69c to-day to get us more room ;
quickly. And here are other important new 6 . p ,^vfflUjp
All on a barjraln table la front of the •larator,
floor. Ip
At t1.89-Wal.ts of Henrietta, double At $I.so—Waists of French flanne
box plait down the front, with tucks. vest effect down the front P»a»" «n
Lined. In red. gray and tan; sizes each side, plain b large sieves
32 to 44. Other styles in French tab collar; colors of gra>. WaiK and
flannel, unlined, in different color?, red: sizes 32 to 44. Regular
at the same price. Regularly 31.75. waist at 81.50.
BUNCO, the new game Muslin Underwear.
you've seen advertised in the The January sale to the front
magazines, the hit of the year, this morning with
50c. Hale's third floor.* ' Skirts at 6oc:
0 ' Three styles to choose from, gen
mj. 7• erously made, of good soft muslin.
If YOU Need Curtains with flounce and hemstitched tucks.
" or with a six-inch embroidery ruf-
Whether for a sincrle Window fle. or with lace ruffle and insertion;
- 7. ii» extra dust ruffle. 69c.
or for the whole house Corset Coyers 2gc
This Hale curtain sale is offering *
unusual advantages to choose from Made of cambric, trimmed with em
a bigger variety than you usually broidery and insertion and ribbon,
get to irhoose from; prettier, exclu- French style,
sive patterns. The very fact that Gowns at 87C *
there were 12.000 pairs to start with '
tells of the economy importance of Made of fine cambric, with nign.
the occasion. low > v or square neck.
Curtains at 50c pair, then by Drawers 33c:
#>a«v r»rir#» ctprw tin tn the heatl- Two styles to choose from, in mus
easy price steps up to tne Deau lln or cambrlc wlth um breiia ruffle
tiful bon femme curtains at of embroidery or cambric ruffle,
„, , . , . trimmed with lace.
$4.00 each. It s even a larger
opportunity for lodging-house Box Paper 10c
and hotel keepers than it is for -r hat h as so f or 25c
small users, for the more you Because all the larger sizes
buy the more you will save. are g Qne anc j we have only the
3500 YarrU Oriental smaller notepaper to-day that
jxmj Yaras oriental wi „ be JQC box 24 sheets fine
Net Top Lace at 15C. quality paper, satin or linen fin
4to 10 inches wide, lace that ish, blue, gray and white.
would Ordinarily Sell at 25C tO Flayinr Cards at IBo—Good 25c values
J , ... well finished, snappy cards. 18c park
35c, in cream, ecru and white;
the lace most wanted for trim- 'ffl
ming dressing sacques and dress W^J^S^q^^^^^
Because mostly single pieces of a
pattern, and we took .all the im- — _. , _ _
porter had. to-day it s 150 yard. Market Street, Near Sixth, S. F.
PAUPER'S OATH
RESCUES PIPER
Shipping Man GeKßelease
From Jail by Swearing
That He Is Now Penniless
Arthur Leroy Piper, ex-secretary of
the Piper-Aden-Goodall Company and
at one time the owner of $30,000 worth
of its stock, took the t-uper's oath
in Judge Sloss's court yesterday morn
ing in order to get out of jail. He also
told the court that his wife did not
know that he was in prison and did
not believe he was there until
she visited him recently. Then
she declared that she did not want him
incarcerated and desired his release.
Mrs. Piper was in court when these
statements were made and acquiesced
by her silence, whereupon Judge Sloss
ordered the shipping man discharged
from custody. Piper insisted that he
had no funds and ha<\ to borrow
money Tor current expenses. He said
that his $30,000 worth of stock was
pledged to the limit. The court be
lieved that under these circumstances
there would be no good in confining
him longer, but suggested there could
be further imprisonment for future
delinquencies in the payment of ali
mony. He thought Piper should show
good faith by making an effort to pay j
something on the $625 now due his
wife and this he promised to do. It
appears that Mrs. Piper's mother is
in good circumstances and Mrs. Piper
is not suffering for lack of life's neces
sities. 4
Depositions were received and read
yesterday in Judge Kerrigan's court in
the divorce case of D. D. Griffiths, who
accused his wife of Infidelity with
James Keane of the Keane Theatrical
Company, of which she was the man
ager. The evidence of a saloon-keeper
and a lodging-house keeper at Blue
Lake, where the company played,
tended to support the husband's
charge and the Judge took the case
under advisement. Judge Seawell also
had a theatrical case on his hands and
took under submission the evidence
of Martha E. Braham, who charged
Louis Braham. a member of the Great
Western Vaudeville Troupe. with
cruelty and neglect. They were mar
ried in September last and the cruelty
began a few days after the wedding.
Divorce was granted by Judge
Murasky to Isabelle Gavin from Mi- |
chael J. J. Gavin, neglect; by Judge
Troutt to Dora Siewert from Harry A.
Siewart, desertion; by Judge Kerrigan
to Clara B. Fleming from Walter S.
Fleming, desertion.
New suits for separation were begun
by William J. Tate against Belle Tate, j
desertion and cruelty; Irma C. Baler j
against Henry Baier, cruelty and ne- j
gleet; E. Johnson against Mrs. E.
Johnson, desertion. In the latter case, j
in which there is an apparent effort to
hide the identity of the parties, the J
complaint says that they were married
in London in 1868 and the wife de
serted more than two years ago.
JEWELER SAYS HE WAS
TRICKED BY BARTENDER
Paul V. Garin Wants N. Lawrence Ar- I
rested on Charge of Obtaining
Money by False Pretenses.
Paul V. Garin. jeweler, 114/ Sutter !
street, obtained a warrant from Po- !
lice Judge Conlan yesterday for the j
arrest of N. Lawrence on a charge of !
obtaining money by false pretenses. j
Detectives Dinan and Wren have the i
warrant and are looking for Law- I
rence.
Lawrence used to be bartender at !
the Hoffman, and later at the St. j
Francis Hotel bar. He and Garin j
were friends, and on January 13 Law
rence called at Garln's store and said
he wanted $500 in a hurry. He
showed a bank book of the Western
National Bank with a deposit of $1000
to his credit. Garin gave him the
$600 and received a check for a sim
ilar amount on the bank.
When the check Was presented for
payment it was marked "No funds."
Garin learned that Lawrence, after
leaving him on January 13 had gone
to the bank and withdrawn the money
on deposit.
Must Wear Uniforms.
All boarding officers, weighers and
other customs employes, not having
offices in the Custom-house, will be re
quired to wear uniforms according to
a new rule of the Treasury Depart
ment, communicated to United States
Customs Collector Stratton yesterday.
AD V ERTIS EMEN T5.
39 STOCKTOM ST.. NEAR MARKET
TELEPHONE MAIN 5522
An opportunity Is offered you to buy
(rood groceries at greatly reduced prices,
'tfs but natural that you take advantage
ot our i
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY
SPECIALS.
CREAMERY BUTTER, per aq 38c
Usual reliable quality.
RANCH BOGS, par dox 30c
Select, large white; none better.
XONA COFFEE, ncr lb 90c
Reg. 25c. Hawaii's best product.
TEA. Victoria Bland, par lb 46x
Reg. 60c. This perfect blend Is the re*
suit of years of labor.
GROUND CHOCOLATE. 1-lb. can 25c
Reg. 30c. Ghirardelli's or Lowney's.
COXi MAN'S MUSTARD, V € , % and
1 lb. cans, special 15c, 25c. 50c
Regular 20c 30c 60c
CONCENTRATES SOUPS. 3 cans .25c
per dozen 90c
R*g. 10c can; $1.10 dor.
Van Camp's or Campbell's, full assort
ment
SANTA CLARA PRUNES, per lb 3c
Reg. sc. Good sire and quality.
CANNED CORN, 3 for 80c
Reg. 10c cen. White and sweet.
OERMEA, per Pkr 20c
Rog. 26c. Sperry's celebrated cereal.
EASTERN HAMS.Saarar-Curad.lbia^c
Reg. 15c. Ideal brand.
HOLLAND HERRINGS. 7 for 25c
Reg. 5c each. All Milchner.
BONELESS SARDINES. 2 cans. . 25c
Reg. 20c can. D. St G. brand.
DOOR MATS. All Sizes and Prices—
20 per cent discount during sale.
FAMILY BOURBON, bet. 60c ;sral 82.50
Reg. 7Bc, $3.00. Good medicine for this
weather.
ASTOR BYE, per bet. 90c; sral. 54.00
Spring '94. Reg. $1.25. $5.00.
SWEET WINES, bot. 25c; ami. 81.00
Reg. 35c. $1.50.
Sherry, Port, Muscatel and Angelica.
CLARET. PCX oral 40c
Reg. 60c. Excellent for the table;' aids
digestion.
> \
Seed Talk
Complete and reliable Informa
tion and advice on seeds, planting,
etc., in our new, amply and beauti
fully illustrated annual catalogue.
1905.
Mailed free on request.
ALL SEEDS FOR FARM AND
I GARDEN. \
I Fruit Trees and Ornamental Plants I
COX SEED CO.
I 411. 413, 415 Sansome Street. I
I SAN FHAJTCTSOO. \
TKADE MA OK
Constipation and many other
infantile disorders are the re
sults of improper feeding. Give
your baby Mellin's-Food and see how
quickly infantile troubles disappear.
Send for our book "The Care &
Feeding of Infants " and we will send
it fcrith a sample of Mellin's Food
fre%of charge.
MEIViN'S FOODj CO., BOSTON, MASS-