VOLUME XCVII—NO. 48.
RICH MEN ORGANIZE
TO CHECK CRIME.
New York to Have Vigifance Ccmmittee
POLICE UNABLE TO GIVE PROTECTION
NEW YORK, Jan. 16—Alarmed by
the Increasing boldness of highway
men, thieves and burglars, who have
become so daring of late that the
homes of wealthy men have been en
tered and even passengers on crowded
cars have been victims of robbery, a
large number of business men of this
city, many of them of great wealth,
are said to be taking steps to form
themselves into a veritable vigilance
committee, which is to be entitled the
Council of Civic Organizations in the
City of New York.
• Several preliminary meetings were
held last week, at which provisional
articles of confederation were drafted
and discussed. Representative of the
Citizens' Union, the City Club, the New
York Board of Trade and Transpor
tation, the East Side Civic Club, the
West End Association, the Transit Re
•fcrm Committee of one Hundred, the
Morningside and Riverside Heights
Association and many other bodies
•were present. Travis H. Whitney,
aisistnnt secretary of the Citizens'
RATTLESNAKE STEAKS
FOR GOTHAM EPICURES
Reptile "Farm" to Supply New York
> Grillrooms With a Delicacy.
BUFFALO. N. V.. Jan. 16.—A farm
.of twenty acres near the Niagara Gorge
has been purchased by Perry R. Hunt
of New York City, who declares his in
tention to establish a rattlesnake ranch
and raise reptiles for the New York
rtstaurant market. He says that there
in a growing demand in the Manhattan
cut«B for the flesh of the rattler.
"It has been served in a few places
for some two years," he said, "and the
increasing demand justifies me in mak
ing this venture. Naturally the supply
is limited, and prices are very high. I
BEEF PLANT
FIRE RAGES
UNCHECKED
Peculiar Blaze
Baffles the
Fighters.
CHICAGO. Jan. 16.—Despite the
united efforts of the greater portion
•Of the lire department of Chicago, the
lire which broke out last night in the
beef storage department of Schwarz
child & Sulzberger Company's packing
Plant at the Stockyards, is still burn
i, - to-night During the day thirty
three firomen and helpers were over
come by smoke, heat and ammonia
s Ml of the men were rescued,
. however, and none will die from the
' effects of the gases.
The loss to the packing eompanj on
th- building and the beef stores dam
aged by smoke is estimated at
$600,000. . „„„
Although smoke continues to pour
out of the burning building in clouds,
no-sign of a blaze has been seen by the
firemen since the first alarm on Sun
day night. The fire may continue sev
eral days yet. .
MRS. DUKE SAID TO HAVE
LEFT NEW YORK CITY
Departs From Her Hotel Saying That
She Had Been Hounded
to Death.
NEW YORK, Jan. 16.-After Mrs.
Brodie L. Duke had suddenly disap
peared from the Union Square Hotel'
in this city to-day, a woman Who said
Ehe was Mrs. Duke called up the ho
. Tel by telephone and notified the man
agement that she had left New York
City. She refused to say where she
was staying, but declared that she
would send for her baggage^ \hlch had
. been left at the hotel. When asked
why she had left the hotel so sudden
ly she declared that "she had been
hounded to death and wanted to get
* Mns. Duke has been indicted in
Texas on a charge of obtaining money
by false pretenses, and a warrant for
her arrest Is reported to be in the
mails on the way to New York City.
MORMONS WILL NO LONGER
HOLD CLASSES IN SCHOOLS
Will Discontinue the Use of Buildings
for the Teaching of
Religion.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 16.—The
first presidency of the Mormon church
to-day Issued formal and positive in
structions to the presidents of stakes,
bishops and superintendents of classes
in religion, forbidding further use of
public school buildings for the teach
ing of the doctrine of the church. In
many places in Utah the classes in re
ligion have been regularly held In
school buildings and recently there has
been a strong agitation against the
practice
THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at San Francisco for
thirty hours, ending midnight, Janu
ary 17:
Ban Francisco and vicinity—Fair
Tuesday; light north wind.
A. O. Mi-A DIE.
District Forecaster.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Union, acted as secretary of the meet
ings.
Practically all of the organizations
mentioned, as well as several others,
will have representatives on the "Vigi
lance Committee," as the members of
the council will be in reality. Politics
will be barred, but the city's welfare
j will be looked after closely.
Vainly have the various organiza
: tions formed to preserve order in the
[ different sections of the city appealed
!to the police to help them. The re
| sponse has come that, because of lack
lof funds, enough policemen to prop
| erly patrol the streets and avenues of
the greatest city in the United States
: could not be provided. This afternoon
a committee representing the West
["End Association called upon Police
J Commissioner McAdoo and threatened
ito Influence legislation in Albany to
ward the abolition of the three platoon
system of special details, which keep
policemen from regular patrol duty,
if he did not supply a better police
service west of Central Park.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
, hope to harvest not less than 5000 rat
i tiers the first year, and will begin oper
j ations as soon as the snakes make
; their appearance in the spring."
j The locality of the "farm" is Ideal for
its purpose From time Immemorial the
! vicinity of the Niagara gorge and
i whirlpool has been the haunt of the
{ !North American rattlesnake. the
i largest of its kind. The rattlesnakes
I are good navigators, and cross and re
-1 cross the river near its wildest rapids.
Hunt says the flesh of the rattle
i snake is not unlike that of a roasted
I suckling pig—white and . exceedingly
. palatable.
BOY PLAYS
MARVELOUS
BILLIARDS
Hoppe Defeats
the Veteran
Schaeffer.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 16.—Willie
Hoppe. the boy billiardist, scored the
highest average of his career in de
feating Jacob Schaeffer, the world's
billiard champion, in the "first block of
400 points in their match at eighteen
inch balk line billiards to-night, win
ning by 400 to 127, Hoppe's high run
being 169.
POOR AIM OF ASSASSIN
SAVES LIFE OF TREPOFF
Tliree Hullets Fired at Moscow's Late
Police Chief Miss Their
Mark.
MOSCOW, Jan. 16. —The man who
attempted last night to shoot General
Trepoff (recently removed as Chief of
Police) was seized by the railway sta
tion hands and quickly incarcerated.
General Trepoff had been bidding
farewell to Grand Duke Sergius,
whose train was Just starting. When
the General reached the doorway and
was about to alight his assailant fired
three shots at close range. Two bul
lets passed Into the car and struck a
notice board in the corridor. The
third shot hit the door beside Trepoff.
The name of the would-be assassin
is Poltavatsky, his age is 19 years, and
he was a student at the Commercial
School of Morozoff. The motive of
the attack was revenge for the ex
pulsion of Poltavatsky's brother for
participation in the Moscow Univer
sity riots.
ARMSTRONG TO LEAVE
TREASURY DEPARTMENT
Assistant Secretary Will Accept an
Important Business Position
In New York.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.—1t is
learned from a high source that Rob
ert B. Armstrong, assistant Secretary
of the Treasury, who is in charge of
customs, has indicated to the Presi
dent and to Secretary Shaw his pur
pose to resign to accept an important
business position in New York It is
understood that Armstrong's resigna
tion will take effect on March 4.
• «m ■ m
MARCONI TO MARRY
ITALIAN PRINCESS
ins engagement to the Youngest
Daughter of Francesco Rus
poli Reported.
ROME. Jan. 16.—Signor Marconi of
wireless telegraphy fame, according to
the Patria, is engaged to marry Prin
cess Miacinta Ruspoli, aged 21 years
the youngest daughter of Prince Fran
cesco Ruspoli. master of the holy hos
pice, a high hereditary church title.
THE San Francisco CALL
AWFUL TRIP
TURKS MAN'S
HAIR WHITE
Wolves Follow the
Trail of Lonely
Traveler.
Alaskan Tortures Himself
With Fire to Keep
Awake Nights.
Fear of Horrible Death Gives Nervy
Northerner Courage to Fight
Off Hungry Pack .
f pedal Dispatch to Th- Caii.
TACOMA, Jan. 16.—The once brown
locks cf M. A. Mahohey, who brought
from Fairbanks to Valdez the body of
former Mayor Humes or Seattle, are
now white, as the result of his experi
ence with timber wolves during his
trip.
It was Mahoney's custom to leave the
box containing Hume's body on the
trail while he and his dogs each night
entered the nearby timber to build a
lire and sleep. As the sun was setting
one evening they heard the howls of a
large pack of timber wolves, which
gradually closed in around them.
Hauling the body into the timber,
Mahoney built a fire, and his dogs,
frightened and nervous, crept between
the sled and the Are. moaning their
fear throughout the long night. When
ever the fire grew "low the wolves came
closer.
Mahoney's fight was largely against
his own sleepiness. For safety he tied
a pine knot, burning, to his arm, and
when it burned close enough to hurt he
would get up and replenish the fire.
He was compelled to thus torture him
self three successive nights. # On the
last night in particular the wolves-were
especially ferocious, seeming to under
stand that by another night their pros
pective prey would be out of danger.
Next day Mahoney reached a road j
house and from that time had company
Until Valdez was reached.
FIGHTS WITH
WOMAN AND
IS WORSTED
Mother-in-law ol
Savant .Causes
His Arrest.
Special Dispatch to The CaJL
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 16.—Dr. Samuel
M. Woodbridge, director of the agricul
tural experiment station of the South
ern California Academy of Sciences and
an agricultural chemist of note, has
been arrested on two charges of assault
with intent to commit murder. The
complaints are sworn to by Mrs. Eunice
Groome, his mother-in-law, who claims
that Woodbridge made four attempts
to kill her on the night of December 31,
190 M.
The cases will develop a sensational
scandal, Woodbridge claiming that his
wife, who has brought a suit for divorce
in San Jose, has been on too friendly
terms with Justice Glover of South
Pasadena, before whom one of the com
plaints was sworn to. An attempt will
be made to have the divorce case trans
ferred to Los Angeles, and a motion to
dismiss the assault case before Justice
Glover on the ground of bias will be
made.
Intermingled with the legal action
that has been taken in connection with
the scandal are two suits for the fore
closure of mortgages on property
owned by' Woodbridge brought by Mrs.
Groome, and the arrest of M. W.
Groome, son of Mrs. Groome, on a
charge of committing battery on the
person of Woodbridge.
Juiftlce Glover indignantly denies
Woodbridge's insinuations regarding
the conduct of Mrs. Woodbridge. Mrs.
Woodbridge also denies every allega
tion. The case is the ugliest and most
complicated of Its kind brought here In
years. All the persons are well known.
MUST CHANGE HIS NAME
TO WIN SWEETHEART
Augustus Bumgardincr Asks State to
Make Him "Gardiner" So She
Will Marry Him.
PROVIDENCE. R. 1.. Jan. 16.—
Representative Newell of Central
Falls uresented a bill In the Assembly
to-day to have the name of August
Bumgardiner changed to August
Gardiner. Representative Fitzgerald
explained to the members that Bum
gardiner had courted a girl, who had
consented to marry him provided he
changed his name.
"She won't stand for the first sylla
ble," said Fitzgerald, "but she will
marry him as soon as he gets rid
of it."
The House passed the bill and sent
It to the Senate.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1905.
BIG STRIKE,
INVOLVING
300,000 MEN
German Coal Miners
Have Determined
to Walk Out.
Great Concern Felt as to
tlie Consequences to
the Empire.
Troops Euihed to the Scene, but
Unions, Themselves, Will Help
to Preserve Order,
BERLIN. Jan. I.7.—The strike of coal
miners, which broke out yesterday, is
the most formidable affair of the kind
that Germany has ever had. There had
been no serious trouble in the coal in
dustry since the strike of ISS9, but this
strike far eclipses the one alluded to,
all labor organizations taking part,
whereas in 1899 only the Socialist
unions were concerned. The present
movement has been largely engineered
by the so-cailed Christian unions,
which otherwise oppose the Socialist
element.
Commercial and financial classes are
greatly concerned lest the strike should
arrest Germany's recuperation from
the effects of the crisis of 1901, since it
is certain that enforced idleness will
follow la many other industries unless
the strike is speedily settled. The
Government, too, is deeply concerned,
and the Ministry is keeping the'wires
busy in communicating with the mili
tary and police authorities in the min
ing country.
Chancellor yon Buknv had a long
consultation on Monday In the Diet
with a Government Commissioner, who
had just returned fro» Dortmund.
The miners' .mating tp decide the
question of a strike tested less than
ten minutes and the decision to order
a strike of 300,000 men was made with
out further discussion.
It is evident that the organized min
ers Intend to conduct the strike in
strict obedience to the laws and so
win the sympathy of the people, but
there is a fear that individual strikers
may resort to exceaeea. The leaders
at to-day's meeting warned the dele
gates against molesting strike break
ers, and it was decided to organize a
police force of miners to assist the
authorities in maintaining order.
Nevertheless the Government Is tak
ing comprehensive precautions to pre
vent rioting. One regiment at Dussel
dorf already has received orders to
proceed to the mining district and an ~
other regiment at Deutz. near Cologne,
Is moving, while others at Cologne and
\Wisel are held in readiness to march
at a moment's notice. •
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 16.—The,
strike begun to-day in the Putiloff
Iron Works is the result of the re
fusal of the manager to reinstate four
workmen who were dismissed for be
longing to a union and to discharge a
foreman on demands formulated by
the union, which represents twenty in
dustries. The works are idle in all de
partments.
The Putiloff Iron Works are execut
ing large Government contracts for
small arms, rapid-fire cannon and lo
comotives, which fact probably will in
duce the authorities to make an effort
for adjustment of the difficulties be
tween the workmen and their employ
ers.
NO DIRECT
EVIDENCE
OF BRIBERY
Senate of Missouri
Exonerates Nied
ringtiaus.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Jan. 16.—
The Senate committee that has been
investigating the charges that a con
tribution to the Republican State fund
of $21,000, accredited to Chairman T.
K. Niedringhaus of the Republican
State Committee, was contributed by
St. Louis brewers to influence legisla
tion made a partial report to the Sen
ate to-day and asked for further time
to pursue Its investigation.
The report finds that Niedringhaus
did not contribute the $21,000. The
committee reports that no direct evi
dence has been offered to show that
the contributions to the Republican
State campaign fund by Adolphus
Busch, the Anheuser-Busch Brewing
Association or Otto Stifel were for the
purpose of Influencing or affecting leg
islation in the Missouri General As
sembly.
Representative Cook of Howell Coun
ty testified at the executive session of
the Senate investigating committee to
day that he had been promised "a
good piece of money if he would vote
for Thomaa K. Niedringhaus for Sena
tor." The proposition, witness de
clared, was made to him January 4,
or the day preceding the Republican
Senatorial caucua
SECRETARY HAY TAKES
UP THE CAUSE OF CHINA
PREPARING VIGOROUS REPLY TO RUSSIAN NOTE
ROSSEAU'S
PLOT FAILS
IN SEATTLE
Dynamiter Has a
. Record on This
Coast.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Jan. 16.—Gessler Ros
seau, now under arrest in Philadel
phia, constructed an infernal machine
in Seattle about three years ago. The
machine was at the time found by the
police in a blacksmith shop, where
some work was being done on it. It
Is believed that the dynamiter intend
ed to blow up one of the Pacific liners
sailing from this port.
For several days Rosseau was shad
owed and it was learned that he was
making another similar machine. He
became aware that he was beln%
watched and disappeared. The ma
chine which he first made is still in
Seattle. It consists of a leadpipe
capped at each end and containing a
piston which is driven with great force
against nitro-glycerine which is placed
in one end of the pipe. Detective
Sergeant Arthur Carey of New York,
was in Seattle looking for Rosseau
soon after the Infernal machine was
found, but got no trace of his where
abouts.
NEW YORK. Jan. 16.—Police offi
cials in this city hope to have posses
sion of Gessler Rosseau, now under
arrest in Philadelphia, by the middle
of the week. Inspector McClusky, chief
of the Dective Bureau, asserts that he
has sufficient evidence in the Umbria
infernal machine affair to convict Ros
seau of a felony and send him to pris
on for a ten-year term. The inspec
tor believes also that he can connect
Rosseau with the mysterious disap
pearance some years ago of the steam
ship Naronlc, in which many Uvea
were lost.
The disappearance of the steamship
Naronlc was one of the mysteries of
the Atlantic. She was a freighter with
nearly 100 men aboard and sailed in
February, 1893, from Liverpool for
New York. The vessel was only one
year old.
From the day she cleared the Mer
sey no trace of ber was found. In the
fail of 1893 a Norwegian bark, when
several hundred miles southwest of the
Azores, picked up parts of the wreck
age of what was believed to be one
of the liner's lifeboats. Again in the
summer of 1896 the fate of the Naro
nlc was recalled when a boatman pick
ed up in the Irish channel a bottle that
contained a note as follows:
"Struck iceberg; sinking fast; Naro
ni c> YOUNG."
Few persons believed the bottled
message was genuine.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 16. —Several
physicians, prominent as alientists,
visited Rosseau in his cell to-day to
determine his mental condition. Ros
seau was not told of the errand of the
visitors, but was left to Infer that they
were detectives. After the examina
tion the physicians withdrew and told
Captain of Detectives Donaghy that
Rosseau was perfectly sane upon all
points except anarchy and dynamiting.
Trainmen Will Not Strike.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 16. —Unof-
ficial returns from the vote cast by
the Brotherhood of .Railway Train
men employed by the Pennsylvania
Railroad indicate that there will be
no strike.
AMERICAN STATESMAN WHO IS
ATTEMPTING TO PRESERVE
THE NEUTRALITY OF* CHINA.
WOULD BUY
BURBANK'S
LATEST FIND
Everlasting Flower
Arouses Cupidity
of Dealers.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 16.—Since the
publication to the world of the develop
ment of the everlasting and fadeless
flower by Luther BurbanK that gentle
man has received a number of flatter
ing offers for that creation. As the
flower has not yet been developed to
the full satisfaction of the wizard of
horticulture he has refused to sell it.
In the future, when his ideal of per
fection has been realized, Burbank will
dispose of his remarkable creation.
Not only have the offers to purchase
this new creation come by the dozen
from this country, but three firm! in
England have endeavored to obtain the
exclusive right to the flower. A firm
in France and another in South Amer
ica have, also made offers. Several of
the firms that wish the flower have
stated that their desire for it Is due
to the fact that it probably will revo
lutionize the millinery business by pro
viding an everlasting trimming for
women's hats.
Burbank himself believes the fadeless
flower will be principally used for the
adornment of feminine headdress, but
he says as the ladies are so changeable
he does not recommend the flower for
that particular purpose.
Each of the three English Arms that
have written to Burbank desires to
handle the novelty exclusively on the
continent and the offers for the fade
less flower are considered fairly liberal
by the originator. Burbank's custom,
however, is never to permit one of his
creations to leave his premises until
its condition is perfect from his point
cf view.
FELLOW SERVANT BILL
NOW LAW IN MONTANA
Railways to Be Held Liable for In
jury to Employes Caused by
Themselves.
HELENA, Mont., Jan. 16.—The fel
low servant bill, which was passed
last week by both the House and Sen
ate, became a law to-day. It pro
vides that every person or combina
tion operating a railway or railroad
in this state shall be liable for all
damages sustained by any employe of
such person or corporation In conse
quence of the neglect of any other
employe or employes thereof or by the
mismanagement of any other employe
or employes.
TUB THEATERS.
ALCAZAR—"The Girl and the Judge."
CALIFORNIA—"The Kerry Gow."
COLUMBIA —"A Country Mouse."
CENTRAL — "A Working Girl's
Wrongs."
CHUTES—Vaudeville.
FlSCHEß'S—Vaudeville.
GRAND—"The Silver Slipper."
LYCEUM—Vaudeville.
LYRIC HALL—Burton Holmes Lec
ture.
ORPHEUM—Vaudeville.
TIVOLI—"Lucia."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Expects the Support
of Other Neutral
Nations.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.—Secretary
Hay is preparing a reply to the Rus
sian note charging the Chinese Gov
ernment with persistent violations of
neutrality, which will have an Im
portant bearing on the war and prob
ably will arouse as much interest
among the powers as did his call upon
them to preserve the "administrative
entity" of China by limiting the zone
of hostilities. That Hay himself at
taches much importance to the com
munication is proved by the fact that
he is preparing it in the privacy of
his. home, where he disposes of all great
questions. He was not at the State
Department on Saturday or to-day, but
he is keeping in tlose touch with the
developments in the situation and fre
quently sends for documents or other
information bearing upon it. While
the note has not been completed and
may not be for several days, its pur
port has been decided upon.
Hay will champion the cause of
China as vigorously as in his first note
to the powers. He will not admit that
there have been any intentional viola
tions of neutrality, but will maintain
that the Government in Peking has
exerted itself to preserve a strictly
proper attitude. Admitting that there
may have been some transgressions of
propriety by Chinese who could not
be controlled, he will suggest to the
Czar that his own troops have violated
the agreement to limit the war zone
by invading Chinese territory. Tlje
Cossack raid east of the Shakhe River
and other instances which have been
reported to the State Department will
be referred to. 1
In the Interest of the peace of Eu
rope Hay will ask the Czar to regard
the attitude of the Chinese Government
rather than the acts of individuals and
to adhere to the agreement by which
the field of hostilities was limited. Hay
will call Russia's attention to the dif
ficulty of the Government in
holding in check \ a enormous popula
tion, thousands of whom are ready to
side with whichever belligerent seems
t<< have an advantage.
Copies of the note will be sent to all
the powers and the other governments
are expected to interpret It as an ap
peal to them to exert moral pressure
!n St. Petersburg to prevent the Czar
violating the agreement which waa
suggested by Hay. That this action
will be taken by some of the powers
already is Indicated.
Japan has protested against the in
vasion of Chinese territory by the Rus
sians and is preparing a sharp reply
to the Russian rlote. England and Ger
many are keeping in touch with what
this Government is doing and prepar-
ing to do. " Sir Mortimer Durand, the
British Embassador, and Baron Bus
sone, the German Charge d'Affalres,
were at the State Department to-day
and went over the subject with Acting
Secretary Loomis. Takahira, the Jap
anese Minister, also was a State De
partment caller to-day.
POWERFUL
FOES FIGHT
HARRIMAN
Union Pacific Con
trol the Prize
at Stake.
6pecial Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK. Jan. 16.—Wall street
heard the rumor to-day that J.
pont Morgan and James J. Hill were
secretly conspiring to obtain control of
the Union Pacific from Harrlman and
Rockefeller, in retaliation for the lat
ter's grab of Northern Pacific stock.
Many facts in connection with the
rumor appear suggestive. The most
important is the steady rise in the
price of Union Pacific, from 71 to 120,
in the face of the determined efforts
of the Harriman party to depress it.
Only within the last ten days have
Harriman and his friends ceased to
throw large blocks of stock on the
market in the hope of breaking it.
It is now believed, even in the Union
Pacific offices, that the mysterious per
sons who have taken all -this stock
were working for Morgan and Hill.
There is much nervousness where
Harriman has his office. His friends
believe Hill and Morgan will at least
get enough stock to demand the re
tirement of Harriman from his present
Czarlike control.
CALIFORNIA STUDENTS
AT CORNELL UNIVERSITY
Golden State Well Represented in the
First Year Classes at
Ithaca.
ITHACA. N. V.. Jan. 16.—The an
nual register of Cornell University
shows the following men from Califor
nia m the first year classes:
Harold Lukens Doolittle, Pasadena
(mechanical engineering); Winflefd
Hale, Los Angeles (agriculture); Wai
ter Jacob Hanna, Berkeley (civil en
gineering); Arthur Raymond Keith,
Oakland (veterinary); Ralph Fenton
Wyckoff, South Pasadena (civil engi
neering); Frederick William Wood,
Berkeley (veterinary).
Special Dispatch to The Call.2
STATE LEGISLATURE
SOLONS' PLANS FOR LONG JAUNT
ARE NIPPED IN THE BUD.
DISASTER OVERTAKES SCHEME
OF WOULD-BE INVESTIGATORS
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 16.—The storm
broke in the Senate this morning. Sen
ator Savage and a few of his- friends,
believing that the time for junketing
had arrived, presented a resolution
providing for an exhilarating tour to
the southland. But the howl that went
up fairly took the breath of the propo
nents of the measure and before the
clock had ticked off fifteen minutes
Senator Savage threw up his hands In
despair and withdrew the document.
In withdrawing it, however, he made it
known that he was inspired to present
it by a desire to do his fullest duty to
the State, but his inspiration had been
succeeded by that which evidently
dominated the upper house, and
henceforth he could be counted among
the opponents of every junketing pian
that could even be dreamed of.
The prayer of the chaplain had just
concluded when the members of the
Senate were thrown into verbal com
bat by Savage's resolution, which fol
lows:
. Kesolvtrd, That a select committee, consist
ing of Senators Coggins, Welch, McKce, Muen
ter. Nelson, Markey. Pendleton. Woodward,
Baur, Savage and French, representing th?
fallowing standing corrrnittees in the Senate,
to wit: Prisons and reformatories, hospitals
and asylums ami finance, be and they are
hereby granted a leave of absence for one
week for the purpose of visiting the State
School at Whittier, the Normal School at Los
Angeles, the State Hospital at Patton, the
Normal School at San Francisco, and the
Normal School and querantine station at San
Diego, in order that the needs of these various
Institutions may be thoroughly inquired into
and repdrted upon to the Senate. And the said
committee be and they are hereby allowed
their expenses actually Incurred upon said
vlelt.
VIGOROUS OPPOSITION.
When the reading of the resolution
was concluded the members of the
Senate sat for a moment gazing at one
another, the majority in amazement.
Then Senator Carter arose, and with a
confused expression on his face said
that if the measure was going to be
. adopted he would like to be counted in
for the trip. Then Senator Shortridge
started.
• "We are now getting down to busi
ness," he said, "and it is with some
uneasiness that I contemplate this
new-fangled committee that has select
ed itself to visit some nine Institutions
and travel some 4000 miles to do it.
While I will admit that there are some
millions of dollars in the treasur-y that
only awaits our grasping hands, I can
not see why I should support such a
resolution when I glance around and
see these threadbare carpets and
dusty seats. There are no flowers on
my desk, and cheer has fled from the
Senate chamber. While this fact re
mains I can see no excuse for these
junketing trips."
Shortridge had barely concluded be
fore Wolfe was on his feet to support
the measure. "Senator Shortridge al
ways raises objections to these meas
ures," said Wolfe, "but when the time
comes he forgets his effort at oratory
and votes in favor of them."
Senator Timpson next took the floor
and moved that the resolution be sent
to the committee on Contingent Ex
penses for further consideration, but
the motion was lost sight of when
Belshaw arose to support the stand
taken by Shortridge. "I am a mem
ber of the Finance Committee," said
Belshaw, "and so far as I am aware
this committee does not desire to be
represented on the junketing commit
tee. We have not met as yet, and
while I admit that the junketers prob
ably would have a good time and
would be well entertained, I doubt, as
we have not discussed the question,
that the Finance Committee would
agree that the results of this junket
would be commensurate with the ex
pense to the State."
RESOLUTION WITHDRAWN.
Then Senator Ralston took a hand.
"I am opposed to this resolution on
the ground that those that favor It
are going about things in the wrong
way," he said. "Let the various in
_ _ _■ _. t ADVERTISEMENTS.
It is not only the beauty of our Furniture that puts it in
a class by itself, but its extreme worthiness gives it an ad
ditional value. Our many patterns in the ever popular Mis
sion
FURNITURE
. for library, hall and den, are broadly represented in weath
ered oak and mahogany, upholstered in Spanish leather,
plain velours and panne plush. Illustrating an exceptional
value, we mention a choice line of weathered oak large arm
chairs and rockers, upholstered in Spanish leather, priced
at $675 each.
CARPETS
Our assortment of the newest designs and latest color
ings is unsurpassed. All the latest qualities of Floor Coy
. ings are here, including Body Brussels, in the best grades,
at $1.35 to $1.65 per yard.
DRAPERIES
In this beautiful assortment will be found all the best and
latest goods, involving a large line of Ruffled Bed Spreads
three-quarter and double sizes, in White and Arabian col
orings, from $4.50 upwards.
WALL PAPERS
We carry everything, from the moderate grades of paper at
ioc a roll to the finest imported qualities at $5.00 a roll.
We make a specialty of interior 'decorating and famishing,
and will gladly furnish specifications.
• Josjpredericks & (|. •
34" 50 ELLIS ST. MARKET
Special Dispatch to The Call.
stitutions come before the committees
and explain their needs. Then the
committees can determine what trips
are necessary and what action should
be taken to Investigate them."
This was enough for Savage and he
decided it was time to quit. With a
slight display of temper he said:
' I had no Idea this resolution was
going to create such a rumpus. But
in answer to those that have opposed
my measure I want to say that we
have obtained sufficient information
regarding the institutions named In
the resolution to warrant a viait there.
There is that murder at Napa that
needs looking into and then the infor
mation comes that the foundation of
the State Normal School at Los Ange
les is giving way and any minute the
building may come tumbling down.
There is no institution in, the State
that does not need Investigation. How
ever, I will yield to this unlocked for
display of opposition and withdraw my
motion, but not until after I have made
it known to you all that I will oppose
to the end any similar resolution that
may be presented during this session
of the Legislature."
Permission to withdraw the resolu
tion was granted Senator Savage and,
after those that had opposed it had
shaken hands over their victory, the
first clash of the session was at an
end.
AGAINST THE BOYCOTT.
; Among the important measures in
; troduced at this morning's session was
one by Senator Ralston against boy
cotting and blacklisting. The meas
ure is as follo%vs:
To prohibit boycr tting, unfair lists, picket
ing or other interference with the lawful busi
i ness or occupation of others, and to provide
a penalty therefor.
The people of the State of California, rep
res -jited in Senate and Assembly, do enact as
follows:
Section I—lt shall be unlawful for two or
more persons to conspire together for the pur
pose of preventing any person, persons, firm,
association or corporation from carrying on
any lawful business within the State of Cali
fornia, or for the purpose of interfering with
the same.
Section 2—That it shall be unlawful for any
person or persons to go near to or loiter about
the premises or place of business of any per
son, firm, association or corporation engaged
in a lawful business, for the purpose of influ
encing or inducing others not to trade with
buy from, sell to or have business dealings
with such person, firm, association or corpo
ration, or to picket the works or place of
business of such other person, firm, association
or corporation for the purpose of Interfering
with or injuring any lawful business or enter
prise: provided, that nothing herein shall pre
vent any person from soliciting trade or busi
ness for a competitive business.
Section 3—That it shall be unlawful to print
or circulate any notice of boycott, boycott
cards, stickers, dodgers or unfair lists, pub
lishing or declaring that a boycott or ban ex
ists or has existed or is contemplated against
any person, firm, association or corporation
doing a lawful business, or publishing the
name of any Judicial officer or other public
official utxm any blacklist, unfair list or
other similar list because of any lawful act
or decision of such official.
Section 4—That it shall be unlawful to use
force, threats or other-means of Intimidation
to prevent any person from engaging in any
lawful occupation at any place he or she sees
fit.
Section s—That it shall be unlawful for any
person, firm, association or corporation to
maintain a blacklist, or to notify any other
person, firm, association or corporation that
any person has been blacklisted by such per
son, firm, association or corporation, or to use
any other similar means to prevent such per
son from receiving employment.
Section 6—Any person, firm, association,
corporation or any officer thereof violating any
provision of this act Is guilty of a misde
meanor.
Section 7—All acts and parts of acts in con
flict with the provisions of this act are hereby
repealed.
Section B—This act shall take effect and be
in force from and after Its passage and ap
proval.
Regarding this bill Senator Ralston
said:
"This bill is not aimed at any union
or corporation, but is Intended to coV
r*ct many abuses. Its provision relat
ing to blacklisting will prove of ben
efit, in fact, to the laboring men that
are put under the ban by corporations,
and it enables men so injured to pro
cure redress in the criminal courts, as
it permits of the arrest of officers of
corporations that violate its provisions.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. JANUARY 17, 1905.
TAi^ES A remark able stand and for the first time in its history frowns
DOWN RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR JUNKETING TRIP TO THE SOUTH FOR MEMBERS
PEOPLE MAY
HAVE GIVING
OF THE TOGA
Bill to Change the
Present Method
on Schedule.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 16.—Frank P. |
Flint of Los Angeles may be the last
of the United States Senators from
California to be elected by direct vote
of the Legislature. To-morrow morn
ing Senator J. B. Sanford of Ukiah
will present a bill placing In the hands
of the voters the right to name in gen
eral the candidates for this
high office. The bill is based off the
Oregon ar.d Wisconsin laws and so
worded as to avoid the provisions of
the Congressional measure relating to
the manner in which United States
Senators shall be elected and the
articles of the constitution of Califor
nia bearing upon the same ■ subject.
The bill is as follows:
An act to enabli the people of the State of
California to -xtress by ballot their preieience j
lor some person for the office of United States
Senator. The people of the State cf California, ,
represented in Senate and Assembly, do enact
as fallows: i
Section I—At all general elections next pre
ceding the election of a Senator in Congress
by the Legislature of Callrornia there shall be
placed upon the official ballot by each of the
county clerks the names of all candidates for
the office of Senator in Congress that have
been nominated In any of the methods now or
which may hereafter be provided by law for
the nomination of State officers of the State or
California, the votes for which candidates shall
be counted and certified Ij Dy the election offi
cers ,in<tfte same manner as the votes for other 1
candidates, and records of the votes for such
candidates shall be made out and sworn to
by the Board of Election Oi fleers of each county
of the State and returned to the Secretary of !
State, who shall transmit duplicate copies of I
such returns to the Legislature at its next en- j
suing session, one of which shall be addressed i
to the Senate and the other to the Assembly of I
the State of California, one copy of which
■hall be delivered by him to the President of i
the Senate and the other to the Speaker of the ;
Assembly, after the c.raanizaiion of such bod- I
les, which OtScars shall open and
lay the same before the separate
houses . when assembled to elect a
Senator in Congress as now required by law of j
Congress, and it shall be the duty of each !
house to count the votes and announce the j
candidate for Senator having the highest num. '
ber, and thereupon the House shall proceed to '
the election of a Senator as required by the i
act of Congress and the constitution of this t
State.
" For many years citizens of various
States have tried to secure the consent
of Congress to change the existing law,"
said Senator Sanford, "but they have
failed, the Senate always objecting,
each Senator probably taking into full
consideration the potency of the sys
tem that enabled him to secure his
election. The bill I have prepared is
based on the laws of Oregon and Wis
consin that have successfully with
stood attack, and while It .does not
absolutely hold each legislator to vote
for the candidate of bis party certified
under Its provisions to both houses it
does so morally and It would be a
nervy man Indeed that would dare to
go behind the vote of the people and
cast It aside as not binding.
"Under this act each political party
win nominate Its candidate and the
people will vote thereon. The candi
date receiving the highest vote wilt
then be elected by the Legislature. The
act will operate to bring every candi
date into the field early so that the
people may look him over and deter
mine his fitness. The day of the dark
.horse will have passed when this bill
I becomes operative and the scandals
that have blackened the record of
manfr California Legislatures will be
at an end."
It is anticipated that the bill will
develop a warm debate, but a majority
■of those that have heard of It express
themselves as favoring Its adoption.
*
There is much blacklisting done by the
railroad, express, water and lighting
companies and this provision will reach
them. On the other side it will prevent
a renewal of the scenes we have long
witnessed in this State, particularly in
San Francisco, where aggrieved em
ployes parade the streets, injuring the
business of former employers and the
State's good name."
MORE PAY FOR JUDGES.
Senator Welch of San Francisco in
tqpduced to-day the bill providing for
the increase of the salaries of the
Judges of the Superior Court of the
city and county of San Francisco to
$6000 per annum.
That the new appellate courts are
about ready for organization was made
evident to-day when Senator Hahn,
who held a long consultation with Gov
ernor Pardee last Saturday, introduced
a bill providing for the attaches of the
courts. The bill provides for the ap
pointment by the appellate judges of
a clerk, deputy clerk, stenographer and
bailiff for each of the three courts, the
clerk to receive a salary of $2400 a year,
the deputy $1200, stenographer $2400
and bailiff $1200. A second bill pro
vides for the appointment of three
deputy reporters of decision* for the
Supreme Court at salaries of $100 a
month each. Another bill provides for
the appropriation of $25,000 for the rent
ing and furnishing of quarters for the
three appellate courts.
WOODWARD'S GAME LAW.
The question of when and how and
where the game and other birds of the
State shall be killed by sportsmen and
others again came before the Senate
to-day. The most interesting of the
many bills was one presented by Wood
ward of Santa Rosa, who, as the rep
resentative of several thousand agri
culturists, presented the following:
An act to repeal all acts or parts of acts
prohibiting or imposing penalties for the kill
ing of wild game upon inclosed land by the
owner or lawful occupant thereof.
The people of the State of California, repre
sented in Senate and Assembly, do enact as
follows:
Section I—All laws or parts of law* for
bidding or authorising local authorities to
forbid the killing of wild game upon inclosed
land by the owner or occupant thereof, or by
bis direction or consent, or providing penalties
therefor, are hereby repealed; provided, that
this act snail not be construed to repeal or
modify any law restricting or prohibiting the
catching of flsh.
• Section 2—This act shall be In effect from
and after its passage.
PROTECTIVE MEASURES.
Shortridge offered a bill to prevent
the sale of game birds to any ope at
any time of the year, and Selvage went
to his assistance with another to ex
tend the season wherein it shall be un
lawful to kill quail or any mountain
game birds from February 15 to Octo
ber L Leavitt put in another protective
measure, making It unlawful to kill
game birds after 6:30 p. m. and before
6 a, m.
Two bills of interest to the building
and loan associations of the State were
introduced to-day. One, by Hahn, pro
vides that building and loan associa
tions after they have accumulated
a capital of $200,000 or more may issue
non-withdrawable stock. As the law
now exists, Senator Hahn explained,
owners may withdraw their stock ana,
by thus weakening the strength of the
FRIENDS RALLY TO DEFENSE
OF ACCUSED SUPERIOR JUDGE
Torrance Case Before House
THREE LEGISLATORS WHO HAVE INTRODUCED SEVERAL BILLS OF IM
PORTANCE AND WHO ARE TAKING A PROMINENT PART IN THE DELIB
ERATIONS OF THE LOWER HOUSE AND THE SENATE.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 16.—The im
peachment proceedings against Supe
rior "fludge El is ha S. Torrance of San
Diego County, which it was announced
in The Call at the opening of the ses
sl6n would be begun before the pres
ent Legislature, materialized in the As
sembly this morning. The Los Ange
les Bar Association presented the
charges through W. H. Anderson,
chairman of its grievance committee.
They were accompanied by a petition
that they be investigated and If found
true impeachment follow, or if found
false that Judge Torrance have his
judicial name cleared of all taint. The
charges, which embrace intoxication,
immoral behavior and improper con
duct in office, were prepared by the
trustees of the association, among
I whom is Superior Judge Curtis D. Wil
bur. The others whose names are at
tached are: J. Wiserman Macdonald,
Oscar Q. Mueller, J. H. Shankland and
Russ Avon.
The document is prefaced with a
statement that though the Los An
geles Bar Association Is a local body,
it feels it to be its duty to aid in the
maintenance of the dignity and honor
of the legal profession, without local
restriction,and to right existing wrongs
without regard to boundaries, and that
It has received evidence to Justify a
belief that Judge Torrance has been
guilty of misdemeanor In office, willful
misconduct and willful neglect of duty.
It was ordered that the charges be
not read and that they be placed on a
secret file. The Speaker appointed As
semblymen Weyand, Devlin, Barnes,
McGowan and O'Brien a special com
mittee to look into the charges.
TORRANCE HAS FRIENDS.
From the bluntness of the charges
made it might seem that Torrance's
(ate was already sealed, but he has
many friends in San Diego County and
a different tale comes from there. The
Impeachment document was not pre-,
sented by a San Diego Assemblyman,
but by McCartney of Los Angeles. The
two Assemblymen from San Diego
support Judge Torrance and intimate
that Los Angeles is merely "butting
in" where it has no business. It is
certain that Torrance will put up a
strong fight and the case will become
a celebrated one in the State.
Assemblyman Barnes, the senior
member of the lower house from San
Diego County, said something about
"disgruntled attorneys" of Los Ange
les when asked about his stand in the
Torrance case.
"As matters stand now, I am in
favor of Judge Torrance," he said. "If
evidence is introduced showing him
to be unfit to sit on the judicial bench
corporations, cause a run on the same
that always, results In financial injury
to the innocent stockholders that
choose to hold in good faith.
The other bill, by Shortridge, seeks to
create a bureau of building and loan
supervision, the bureau to consist of
two members to be appointed by the
Governor at salaries of $2400 per annum
and a secretary at $1800 per annum.
The act presented by Pendleton pro
v i „ g tOT tne Increase of the number
of Superior Judges of Los Angeles from
six to nine was finally passed and sent
to the Assembly for its action.
j I will be against him. The peculiar
I phase of the case is that this com
f plaint does not come from £an Diego,
that from the Los Angeles bar. The
bar of San Diego is satisfied with him
and I believe the people in general
i are."
So far the threatened impeachment
proceedings against Judge Smith of
; Santa Cruz have not been presented
fo: the consideration of the Legisla
ture. Last week many of Judge Smith's
friends were in the city, among them
prominent Republicans, who said that
I though they did not agree with Judge
I Smith politically- they vouch for his
I integrity and would stand by him in
I event his accusers Insisted in taking
him before the bar of the Senate.
These friends say Judge Smith is the
victim of spite work.
BILL EXCITES WONDER,
The special committee appointed by
the last Assembly to investigate the
affairs of the various State prisons and
make a report presented a bill of but
$722 80, this being the total asked for
by it for expenses, including clerk hire.
The committee on contingent expenses
and accounts reported the bill favor
ably to-day, allowing $720 80.
"I wonder what any Assembly com
mittee having the liberty that this one
had did. not take a trip to St. Louis and
Paris and charge the cost up to the
State," said Assemblyman Rolley. "I
am astounded at the bill. I have a
notion to vote against allowing the
claim because the members did not
take in the World's Fair during their
investigation."
The claim was allowed.
The first bill to be reported on
favorably by a committee was that fix
ing the boundary between Sacramento
and San Joaquin counties. Chairman
Pyle of the Committee on Counties and
County Boundaries reported recom
mending its passage.
Goodrich of Pasadena introduced a
joint resolution that will put the Leg
islature on record In regard to the
President's stand that the Interstate
Commerce Commission could be em
powered to fix railroad rates. The
AAprV r \
ANNOUNCEMENT
On the aoth of JANUARY we will discontinue the sale of
our stock at cents per share. On and after that date the
price will be 20 CENTS PER SHARE, and only 35,000 shares
will be sold at that price, when another advance will be made.
This stock was first offered at i2Va cental and the price has
steadily advanced. We are confident that the price will be $1.00
per share this year and that the advance tto that price will be
amply justified by the developments constantly being made
We repeat that this is a genuine investment, with no "wildcat"
features, that large profits will inure to purchasers, and we in
vite the closest investigation. Call or write for particulars.
Alaska Petroleum and Coal Co.
HASSELL AUDIT COMPANY. Fiscal Agents, 1034 Mills
Building.
Phone Bush 344.
DRAINAGE QUESTION IS DISCUSSED
AT A COMMITTEE MEETING.
GOVERNOR'S PLANS CONCERNING
IMPORTANT WORK ARE ADOPTED
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 16.—The Sen
ate and Assembly Committees on
Drainage, Swamp and Overflowed
Lands and the Assembly Committee
on Levees and River Improvements
met in joint session this afternoon to
consider the resolution presented by
the executive committee of the River
Improvement and Drainage Associa
tion of California memoralizing Con
gress to appoint a board of tnrce * r . my
engineers to investigate the feasibility
of cleaning the channels of naylgapie
rivers of the State and reclaiming in
undated land as provided In the re
port of the Board of Engineers recent
ly employed by the association, also
the proposed bill empowering the Got -
ernor to appoint a commission of three
to act In co-operation with the Federal
board.
The committee was informed that
the Governor was opposed to any paid
State commfssion in this convention
on the ground of economy, the chief
executive holding that a commission
consisting of three State [officers who
would receive no extra compensation
would do just as well. His desire, it
was stated, was that Frank D. Ryan,
Commissioner of Public "Works, State
Engineer Nourse and Lieutenant Gov
ernor Anderson should be named as
the commission. There was a
protest at first from several members
of the committees against this, but
the objectors subsided when told that
it would be better to follow the wishes
of the Governor in the matter than to
have a bill carrying a paid commission
passed and vetoed.
NAVAL REPRESENTATIVE.
Senator Leavitt suggested that a
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Your druggist will refund money if PAZOOINT
MENT fails to cure you in tS to 14 days. 50c.'
EXHIBIT IN OREGON.
Measure Appropriating $70,000 for
Portland Exposition Introduced.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 16. —Action
toward providing an appropriation to
insure the creditable representation
of-California at the Lewis and Clark
International Exposition at Portland.
Or., this year was taken*this morning
when Assemblyman Bliss of Alameda
introduced in the lower house a bill
appropriating $70,000, in addition to
the sum of $20,000 set aside by the
last Legislature, for this purpose.
This makes a total of $90,000 and .is
deemed sufficient by proper handling
to make a first class display, with
what aid the various counties will give
by supplying material.
The bill passed by the last Legisla
ture names Governor Pardee as com
missioner to this exposition and gives
him direction of the expenditure of
the $20,000. The one presented by
Assemblyman Bliss to-day makes no
provision for commissioners.. There
is a plan to amend the bill in commit
tee so that it will provide for two
honorary commissioners. It Is not
thought the chief executive will have
any trouble in securing non-salaried
commissioners to serve the State. At
any rate it is pretty certain none of
the money will be spent on a salaried
commission.
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 16.—The Judi
ciary Committee of the Senate held a
brief meeting this afternoon. The
greater part oj the discussion related
to Hahn's bill that purposes correcting
the law as it stands in relation to jury
trials, wherein special questions of
fact prevail If In conflict with the gen
eral verdict In the case. The commit
tee expects that it will soon have the
question of a constitutional amend
ment to deal with in relation to crim
inal trials by Jury, it being the inten
tion, it is said, of a Senator yet un
earned to Introduce a bill making the
verdict of nine of a jury of twelve suf
ficient for conviction or acquittal.
It is said that this bill will be bit
terly opposed on the ground that it is
aimed at the very foundation of the
people's liberty.
Do You Want a Trunk
At a moderate price, one that looks good
and is good? Made of genuine bass wood,
brass trimmed, with leather straps and
two trays. It is a leader In our trunk
department and the price is 18.00. We
have a special suit case also, at $5.50,
that is equally good and cheap. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
First Snow in Rome in Decade.
ROME, Jan. 16.—Unusually cold
weather Is prevailing throughout the
peninsula. Snow is falling even in
Rome, where there has been no snow
in the iast ten years.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All
druggists refund the money if It falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box. 28c.*
resolution arses the California delega
tion In Congress to support the national
administration In the matter. Hhe
resolution was referred to the Commit
tee on Commerce.
McGowan of San Francisco intro
duced a bill under which the Harbor
Commission will be enabled to in
creased the amount of insurance on
certain new docks In that city.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
naval officer be substituted for one
ot the proposed army engineers, as the
rise and fall of the Sacramento River
at Mare Island directly affected the
wavy Department. His suggestion
a SS ad ° Dted and to Senator Rush ana
Assemblymen Moore and Olmsted,
chairmen of the committees represent
-1 \>m as left tne matter pf preparing
a Din providing that the commission
con ? ist of the three officials
named and a memorial asking the
n^i rnme T t to appoint a board of one
with it army offlcers to act
in£ "/I 1 ! that had been Earned provid
er, " ,m,n >sßiQn to consist of
Tried .li 0 ," 6 ' and one Wi
theJ»Z? ner ? SSi L m a was consigned to
or% rt« ! K aßket ' when Govern
ors desire became known.
Huah 7 h fw Und6r th,s W " to
«/" ol T o r an - at one time presi
of one « the biggest river naviga
tion companies of the State, but now
a resident of. S an Francisco, a member
of the commission and send him to
Washington. It Is conceded that he
knows as much about the problems the
River Improvement and Drainage As
sentation is dealing with as any man in
f alifornla, and he has already been to
Washington on similar mission and
accomplished much. A fund may be
raised by land owners to employ him
The matter of river drainage and pro
tection of lands subject to overflow is
one of the most important before the
Legislature, contemplating, as It does,
the ultimate expenditure of $24,000 000
and involving interests more \*ast than
any other project under consideration.
Its importance is well understood here
and it will receive much attention from
the present Legislature.
TWELVE MILLION NEEDED.
It is desired to induce the Govern
ment to appropriate as much for the
I\°/£ as the State w, » raise. .To secure
512.000,000 here land in reclamation dis
tricts will be assessed and the State
win be asked to make an appropriation
It Is said that Los Angeles or Eastern
capital represented in Los Angeles is
becoming heavily interested in re
claimed lands in the northern and cen
tral part of the State and that little
opposition will be encountered from the
southern end to any legislation affect
ing such lands.
The Senate Committee on Swamp and
Overflowed Lands held a brief meeting
after the noon adjournment to-day and
agreed to recommend the passage of
the two bills. One of the bills. No. 53.
Introduced by Muenter, relates to the
legal life of warrants of reclamation
districts.
The other bill, 123. by Emmons, pro
vides for the appropriation of $60,000 for
the erection and construction of a sys
tem of embankments to confine the wa
ters of the Kern River to the regular
channel.
Pears'
the soap for fair,
white hands, bright
clear complexion,
soft, healthful skin.
Sold all over the world.
DISEASES OF MEN
<>ur
for the certain and speedy cure of private
diseases. Stricture, Rapture, Pros
tatic Tronhle, Pile*, Blood Poison.
Jfff£4MM Debility end Contracted
Disorders has won for us thousands ot
testimonial* from patients who have
been cured.
Varicocele, we treat by our improved
medical vibratory method, where others use
the knife. Our Improved Frencfc Coin
never tail to produce a healthy ana speedy
cure In the treatment of the injured
Prostate. We laane a bond as a
Knar an tee to cure all cases we undertake.
Any man suffering from Weakness and
who is Undeveloped can obtain from us
(free by mall) our 10 days' special treat
ment and Illustrated chart describing the
cause and effect of I.oat Vitality.
Consultation and advice free.
All correspondence strictly pri
vate and confidential.
THE DR. TALCOTT co.
1140 MARKET ST.
Opp. Half's. San Francisco, Cal.
Running Up a Big Bill
for your laundry work is riot neces
sary to insure proper care if your
washing' is intrusted to us. We take
pains- with the smallest orders and
our prices are so mederate that the
weekly charge need not be burden
some. We invite a fair trial of our
service.- Pleased to call on short no
tice.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
1004 MARKET STBEB*
Telepboas South 430.HIGH PRAISE GIVEN WEST POINT
BY AN EXPERT IN ENGLAND
Dr. Maguire Scores British Ways
LONDON. Jan. I«.—"At West Point
the United States has the best training
school for army officers in the world.
•It is incomparably superior to our mili
tary school at Sandhurst."
This statement was made by Dr. T.
Miller Maguire. Here Dr. Maguire is
accounted as much an authority on all
that pertains to military education as
Edison is with respect to electricity.
He has made it a life study. At his
famous private academy in Earl's
Court square has trained more pu
pils for army staff examinations than
any military coach in the United King
dom. Lord Woiseley has spoken of him
as "one of, the ablest lecturers on mili
tary history and the art of war we
have In England." Lord Roberts has
extolled his military knowledge in
equally Mattering terms.
In what respect is West Point so
far ahead of the great English military
.school." was asked. He replied:
in c erytlilng that counts for efficiency, and
thi not a general in the British army.
Who if-.xe* his profession seriously, from Lord
Robert" down, who is not aware of It. The
course al West Point lasts four years. Instead
of three, as at Sandhurst, and the training
li fai more thorough and severe, being based
on a profound appreciation of the requirements
*>f modern warfare and the demands It makes
on cultivated intelligence. The discipline Is
■rigid and the penalties for offenses are in
flexible.
Social distinctions are not tolerated. Rich
men's sons and poor men's sons stand on the
■am<- level. Bach is made to ieel equally that
shirking of duties and neglect of studies is
fatal. From the start the West Point cadet
is impressed with the idea that keenness in
ail things "s essential, i'nless he is thorough
and efficient and capable of passing the very
high sturvlard demanded at the half-yearly
examinations. ho Is dismissed. Muddling
through is impossible. Accomplishments and
courtesy and manly exercises are preferred to
aillv boorish cames.
ACADEMY'S BROAD TRAINING.
It is conceive that a duffer may get Into
Vest Point by way of nomination or other
wise, though history and geography are ob
ligatory, but it is absolutely Impossible that
a duffe: can come out Of it as an officer In the
tjnitrd States army Not only Is the training
■adapted to gi\" him the knowledge necessary
for the profession of arms, but. what is equally
important, to develop the necessary character.
It is because thes« two thing* are so happily
combined at West Point that I rank it even
•higher than Germany's military training
achools for officers, which, as regards efft-
Viency. approach nearest to it. though Baron
Fumeyaisa has given me a full statement of
Japanese education that Is startling in its
'spirit and excellence.
Very different, unfortunately, is the state
of affairs at Sandhurst, which is practically 1
a preserve for rich men's sons. Its condition j
was revealed In the report of the Akers
'l>oußlas Commission, appointed te, consider
the education and training of officers of the
army. -Their report showed that cadets had
"little inducement to work at Sandhurst and
instrue tors little inducement to teach." Most
of the military textbooks in use were found
to be antiquated and obsolete. There was no
.insistence on a high standard of proficiency.
To get through with as little trouble as pos
sibln was the dominating idea. Neither as re
.ga,.-ds knowledge nor character was the train
ing of the kind necessary to produce compe
tent officers.
I have had officers come to me for instruc
tion—rich men's sons and former pupils of our
much vaunted public schools—who told me
they w«>re ashamed of l>«lng dependent on oth
ers to write their reports for them and show
them how to perform their duties.
Although the Akers-Dcuglas report was
made over two years ago, things have not
improved a bit. In some respects they are
even worse than they were then. If anything
WEBER LOSES
FIRST BATTLE
Court Refuses to Make an
Order Directing Prosecu
tion to Give Up Testimony
AUBURN, Jan. 16.—Judge Prewett
to-day denied the request of Adolph
Weber's counsel for an order directing
th< District Attorney to deliver to
them ii copy of the testimony given by
the defendant prior to the preliminary
examination. He said he found that
th<- court had no power to make the
order.
Judge Prewett, in denying the order,
Eaid that a short time after the al
leged murder the defendant, a minor,
was taken to the Sheriff's office and
questioned. He probably was excited.
an<i. though he had not the benefit of
counsel, was probably aware of what
•he said. The Court said he did not
think officers had exceeded their
authority, but on the contrary, acted
in an eminently proper way.
More Students at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 16.
When Registrar Elliott closed his office
this evening all Stanford records for
registration of students had been bro
ken with an enrollment of 1325 stu
dents, an increase of 199 over the regis
tration at this time last semester and
a gain of sixty-eight over last year's
total enrollment. There are sixty-two
new students, a gain of twelve over
last year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EAST, WEST AND SOUTH
United in One Respect.
There may be differences of opinion
regarding some subjects In sections of
. the country remote from each other,
but there is none respecting the best
remedy for piles, as witness the letters
below:
"I have been feeling so good I could
hardly believe It, after suffering with
piles for a year, to find that I am once
more feeling like myself. I wish you
could have seen me before I started
using Pyramid Pile Cure and look at
'.me now, and you would say I am not
the same man. I have gained twenty
pounds, and all on account of Pyramid
Pile Cure." Walter Sharkley. 56 Park
St., Springfield, Mass.
"I bought a 50 cent box of Pyramid
Pile Cure and used as directed with the
'most unexpected results, a complete
cure. I have been troubled with plies
for thirty years and was in much dis
tress and passed much blood, but at
present am free from any kind of
piles." F. McKay. Weavervllle, Cal.
"Pyramid Pile Cure has been worth
thousands of dollars to me; it cured me
after using numbers of other remedies
and taking medicines from doctors. It
also cured my son, although he could
hardly walk, eat or sleep; he is now all
right." B. Stringfellow, Postmaster,
Elko, S. C.
One thousand dollars is offered by
the.Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall, Mich.,
to any one who will show the above
.testimonials to be not genuine.
Pyramid Pile Cure is sold by drug
gists for 50 cents a package and every
eufferer should buy a package and try
It to-night, being careful to accept no
substitutes, and bearing in mind the
-fact that there is nothing else "Just as
good."
EXPERT WHO CONTRASTS EFFI
CIENCY OF WEST POINT WITH
ENGLISH ACADEMIES.
could be more humiliating than that exposure
of the contemptibly inefficient training and
gross ignorance of many of our military of
ficers, it is the fact that although over two
years have since elapsed nothing has been done
to remedy the defects pointed out.
DEFICIENT BRITISH CADETS.
In an address* at the WpOlwich Royal Mili
tary Academy—which though much inferior to
West Point is considerably ahead of the Sand
hurst institution—delivered a year after that
report had been published. Lord Roberts com
plained that the examinations showed that the
candidates were strangely deficient in spelling,
knowledge of the Knglish language and map
reading. To properly appreciate the signifi
cance of this censure it must be understood
that Lord Roberts was addressing young gen
tlemen who had ceased to be cadets, and hav
ing passed the entrance competitive examin
ations were about to join the commissioned
ranks of the British army.
It would be utterly impossible that such
words could ever be spoken of West Point
graduates. For such gross ignorance of rudi
mentary branches of learning they would have
been dismissed long before their final examin
ations were reached. It was stated in a lead
ing Journal recently that In general education
and capacity board school boys are far supe
rior to the average Eton, Harrow and
POWER PLANTS
CHANGE OWNERS
California Gas and Electric
Corporation Completes Big
Deal With Water Company
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 16.—The Cali-
I fornla Gas and Electric Corporation
i has purchased the entire plant of the
Southern Yuba Water Company and its
adjunct, the Central California Electric
Company. Some time ago the Califor
nia Gas and Electric Corporation ab
sorbed the Sacramento Electric, Gas
and Railway Company, which Included
the Folsom transmission plant, and by
l the deal completed to-day it acquires
j the vast properties of the Southern
Yuba Company and its distributing
branch, the Central California Elec
tric Company, which has been repre
sented In Sacramento by Dr. R. W.
Van Norden. The price paid for the
properties Is not given.
The Central California Electric Com
pany has three generating stations,
supplied with water by the Southern
Yuba Company. The company likewise
has three distributing stations, one at
Colfax, one at Auburn and one at Sac
rameto, besides a local distribution
from the Newcastle power-house.
From the Alta power station two
pole lines run to the town of Dutch
Flat, where they diverge. One runs
directly to a point midway between
the towns of Nevada City and Grass
Valley, while the other continues on
to the power station at Auburn. The
pole line also extends from Newcastle
to Sacramento. The company supplies
among other places the following
towns and cities with electricity: Sac
ramento, Rocklin, Loomis, Newcastle,
Auburn. Colfax, Grass Valley and Ne
vada City.
WILLING TO LET HIS WIFE
GO, BUT WANTS CHILDREN
Fresnoite Returns Home to Find
Sponse and Little Ones Have
Fled to Parts Unknown.
FRESNO, Jan. 16.—A. L. Lucky, an
employe of the Parker-Roth Company,
returned home last Saturday night to
find his wife and four children gone.
Up to the present time no trace of
them has been found. Lucky says his
wife can go, but he wants his chil
dren.
A short time ago a woman from
Tulare and a man named W. W.
Thompson from the same place be
came acquainted with the Lucky fami
ly and their visits became frequent—so
frequent that Lucky one night ordered
them out of his house. When Lucky
discovered his wife and little ones
were missing he swore to a complaint
charging Thompson with abduction.
Detective Brewbaker found that
Thompson, the other woman and Mrs.
Lucky and the children had left town
in a surrey Friday night |
Wants Treanor Ousted.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 16.—Attorney Gen
eral Webb to-day, upon complaint of
C. R. Williams, County Recorder
elect began a suit in quo warranto to
oust the acting Recorder, Thomas W-
Treanor. The complaint recites the
fact that judgment for Williams was
given by the Supreme Court several
weeks ago and that Treanor refuses to
step out.
WASHLVOTON, Jan. IS.—The Senate to-day
confirmed the nomination of Vespasian Warner
of Illinois to become Oommlf Inner of Pension*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1905.
I fashionable school boys. If the latter schools
be not reformed or abolished soon the richer
classes of England will soon be decadent.
We hays profited nothing by the numerous
"regrettable incidents" of the Boer war that
were so largely duo to the Incapacity of com
manding officers. Only a few days ago Gen
eral Hutchinson Issued a report on the exam
inations for promotion of officers in the regu
lar army which reveals a state of ignorance
among many of the candidates that can only
be characterteed as disgraceful. General Hutch
inson states that bad spelling and Inability to
express themselves clearly were the failings
of a large number of them. Many of th«m
showed that they were unfit for the duty of
instructing non-commissioned officers and men.
owing to being themselves insufficiently in
structed.
CAUSE OF DISASTERS.
The genera! deplores the fact that officers
neglect to keep their military knowledge up
to date by reading and study, as men in other
professions have to do. He describes the re
sults of the examinations In milita-y engineer
ing, tactics and topography as "indifferent."
the candidates generally failing to appreciate
the situations in the problems given them to
solve, the "majority ot them ignoring the en
emy or giving him credit for little intel
ligence."
It is appalling to reflect what disasters such
Incompetency as lls here shown woutd lead us
Into it we were engaged in a war with a first
class power -with Russia, for instance, for the
possession of India\
It should te borne in mind that the short
comings to which General Hutchinson calls at
tention Indicate not merely defective military
training, but. imperfect elementary education.
The report, therefore, constitutes quite as much
an Indictment of our swell public schools—
Eton. Harrow, Rugby and such places where
the classes from whom our officers are drawn
are chiefly educated—as of the instructions
where they receive their professional training.
Owing to the shortage of officers caused by
the casualties of the Boer war, many young
gertlenten—graduates, most of them, of these
public schools—received commissions without
parsing the usual examinations. In India large
numbers of them, according to an official re
port, were found to lie so wanting In element
ary education as to be incapable of receiving
the ordinary garrison instruction. Many of
them, therefore, had to have recourse to the
regimental schoolmasters to remedy the defects
of expensive educations, which had left them
Ignorant of the simple branches of learning
that are obligatory In the higher grade classes
of the board schools, as wa term our free
schools. Surely no more humiliating report
was ever issued about the officers of an army.
AMERICA'S SUPERIOR MEN.
Napoleon appraised the relative value of
brain power and physical power In warfare at
three to one. Taking into account the enor
mous strides that have since been made in the
application of science to war, Lord Roberts now
estimates it as ten to one. And yet we con
tinue to bestow commissions in the army on
»men who are not only ignorant of all scientific
knowledge, but like-vise of tne very rudiments
of an oidinary education. The officer class is
not to blame. It has clamored for general and
technical education for the last fifteen years,
but social influences and false economy are
against any reform.
The fact Is our ruling classes—products of
the same system cf defective education and
men for the m ist part quite incapable of earn
ing their own livings in any industrial or com
mercial pursuits—are hopelessly Incompetent
for th° government uf the empire. Man for
man. the members of the American Cabinet
are greatly superior to ours. They are practi
cal men, who have demonstrated their ability
by achieving success in business or professions,
life before they received their high appoint
ments. Xou pay them on>y a year each.
We pay ours over three times as much. Yet
when Elihu Rjot comes over here to settle the
Alaska boundary question he easily scores over
our high salaried law officials.
If. after America has brought her navy up
to the high standard which she aims at, we
should ever have the misfortune to go to war
with her—which God forbid.—she would flatten
us out like a pancake!
JEROME KNOCKS
OUT GAMBLERS
Gathers In the Last Outfit
in Xew York and Will
Keep All Places Closed
NEW YORK. Jan. 16.—Following
the surrender to District Attorney Je
rome to-day of the gambling outfit be
longing to Frank Farrell, Dave John
son and Frank McDougal, it was de
clared by counsel for the gamblers
that Jerome had closed every gam
bling house in New York city and that
they would remain closed.
The instrument which made such
effectual action possible was said by
Lawyer Daniel O'Relly, representing
the gamblers, to be the Dowling law,
enacted at the request of Jerome when
he was trying to induce Jesse Lew-
Isohn to testify against Richard Can
field. That law automatically releases
from punishment any gambler who
gives evidence himself to the District
Attorney, at the same time compelling
him" to give such evidence. Lawyer
O'Relly said:
There will be no rambling houses in this
city. The Dowling- act has given the District
Attorney a weapon which he has used to close
effectually every place in the city. That
they will not reopen is shown by the surrender
of ail gambling paraphernalia. They cannot
afford to buy every time the District Attor
ney takes a notion to make a raid.
FARMHAND FIRES FATAL
SHOT AT HIS EMPLOYER
Rancher Is Killed by Man He Repri
manded for Neglecting His
Property.
LOS BANOS, Jan. 16.—Charles Zan
der was shot and instantly killed by a
man named Moss at the Otto Koch
ranch near the county line yesterday.
Moss escaped.
Zander and his partner engaged
Moss last summer to look after their
ranch while they worked out. Tester
day morning the partners returned to
their ranch and found some fences
down. They reprimanded Moss and
the latter drew a revolver and shot
three times at Zander, hitting him in
the head.
TWO MEN BADLY BURNED
BY EXPLOSION OF GAS
Workmen Light Candle In Basement
Into Which They Were Sent
. to Repair Pipe.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 16.—Two employes
of the gas company entered the base
ment of the Peraino block to-day to
repair a gas pipe and when they light
ed a candle a tremendous explosion
occurred. E. Erskine had one hand
severely burned and all the hair
burned off his head, and his compan
ion, R. Christy, was also badly burned
The flames were extinguished by the
Fire Department
Robert Shaw's Home Burned.
BROOKLJNE, Mass., Jan. 16. Fire
destroyed "The Rocks," the beautiful
residence of Robert G. Shaw, the well
known polo player, in South street
Shaw's two children had a narrow es
cape from burning. They were res
cued by their father. The loss, which
Includes the destruction of many val
uable paintings and trophies of the
hunt and race course, is estimated at
$50,000.
Company Is known by the man It as*
sociates with.
DARING COSSACK RAIDERS INFLICT HEAVY DAMAGE
UPON GENERAL OYAMA'S LINE OF COMMUNICATION
Kuropatkin Reports the Capture of
Japanese Stores.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 16.—Gen
eral Kuropatkin, in a dispatch to Em
peror Nicholas, reporting the Russian
cavalry raids on January 10 and Janu
ary 11, says:
"The Japanese suffered heavily. The
Russian losses during those two days
were three officers killed and ten
wounded, and fifteen soldiers killed and
forty-nine wounded."
The general adds that the cavalry
captured a quantity of stores and pris
oners, and says that the Japanese
stores at Yinkow were ablaze for near
ly the whole night of January 12.
The text of General Kuropatkln's re
port is as follows:
■'During the evening of January 10
one and a half companies of Japanese
infantry and half a squadron of Jap
anese dragoons were defeated with
great losses.
"On January II a Japanese company
and two squadrons of cavalry, which
were occupying Newchwang, were
driven out by the Cossacks, who occu
pied the place and afterward pursued
the company, defeating it and inflict
ing heavy loss. The same night our
patrols damaged the railway line, tele
graph line, a train and two locomo
tives. During these two days our cav
alry defeated several small detach
ments and captured one officer, four
teen soldiers and 500 carts with stores.
Our casualties were three officers killed
and ten wounded, and fifteen soldiers
killed and forty-nine wounded.
"On January 12 our patrols damaged
the railway six miles from Tlnkow. At
4 p. m. on January 12 a Russian de
tachment reached Yinkow. Our artil
lery cannonaded the station, set lire to
the stores and later stormed the sta
tion. The Japanese opened with rifles
and machine guns and our men sought
shelter in ditches and again attacked,
until they reached the railroad line,
when a strong column of Japanese In
fantry appeared, advancing from Tal
shiklao. Our forces, being inferior, re
tired, carrying away nearly all the
killed and wounded. The stores at Yin
kow were aqlaze the whole night.
"It Is now cold at night, but warm
and bright during the day."
A telegram from Siakhotan states
that General Mlstchenko's* raiding
force, learning that five Japanese bat
talions had appeared near Tashiklow,
returned northward and succeeded in
regaining the Russian lines. Their
losses were about 300 killed or wound
ed, all the latter being brought ay, ay.
STOESSEL JAPAN'S GUEST.
General Nogi So Informs the Governor
of Nagasaki.
TOKIO, Jan. 16.—General Nogi has
written to the Governor of Nagasaki
the following:
"As to the treatment of General
Stoessel, you will be advised by the
proper authorities; but it may not be
out of place to point out that General
Stoessel is now neither a prisoner of
war nor an en<*my, but a foreign gen
tleman who meritoriously served his
country, and, moreover, so honorably
■ i- *\ Ik -—
J ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO THE SMOKERS OF
SAN FRANCISCO
ABOUT February Ist we will open, In this city, several cigar
stores which shall be conducted upon tlie principles that
have already been tested in more than three hundred
similar stores in Eastern cities and found to be popular and
successful.
These are merely common-sense business principles of direct
buying and direct-selling; merely the fundamental principles of
modern merchandising applied to the cigar business. They have
one Single, central idea—to give better cigars for the money.
We will always give the smokers of this city better cigars by
25 to 40 per cent than the prices have ever procured in this
locality before.
Upon that promise and its performance we rest our whole case.
If we can do this, we shall be given the patronage that is always
given and is always given justly to enterprises which save money
to the public. If we do not.give you a strong reason for dealing
with us, we have no right to expect your patronage at all.
This issue is clear cut; the test and the verdict lie with you.
''' 4 i '
UNITED CIGAR STORES CO.
Largest Cigar Retailers in the World
performed without unnecessary delay
the complicated task of transferring
Ihe forts and munitions of Port Arthur
that he deserves to be accorded full
military honors, and I commend him
to your consideration."
A Japanese gendarme discovered a
woman about t/venty years old, dis
guised, among the Russian prisoners
brought to Nlshima. She is now lo
cated in special quarters.
JAPANESE ARE AGGRESSIVE.
Attacking Villages Between Their
Lines and Kuropatkln's.
HUANSHAN, Manchuria, Jan. 16.—
The activity of th/e Japanese is in
creasing along the whole front. They
are attacking villages between the
lines and are opening artillery Are at
night.
The Japanese are putting their troops
into training. From an observation
tower at Gaodyanzi Russian officers
watched the Japanese instructing Chi
nese bandits, who have been formed
into regular companies, on the storm
ing of the heights.
The first Japanese reinforcements
from the army which was besieging
Port Arthur began arriving at Liao
yang on January 11.
Rifles for the Chinese.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 16.—1t is re
ported here that inquiries are being
made on the Pacific Coast regarding
the carriage of a shipment of 400,000
old rifles, Springfields and others,
which are to be shipped from New
York to Japan with the purpose, it is
said, of arming the Chingchus and
other Chinese, as well as nomads liv
ing In Northern Manchuria and South
ern Siberia.
Labor's Plan to End the War.
BARCELONA, Spain, Jan. 16—A
curious method for terminating the
Kusso-Japanese war was intimated at
a meeting here to-day. Delegates rep
resenting 10G labor and other societies
telegraphed to the International Anti-
Military Committee of Holland, de
manding that a general strike be pro
claimed in all countries with the ob
ject of ending hostilities In the Far
East.
Rhodes Scholarship Tests.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 16.
The examinations for the Rhodes
scholarship, which are tests in Greek,
Latin and mathematics, will be held at
Stanford during the next two days.
The successful contestant must not
only pass these examinations, but he
must also fill requirements in athletic
ability, good fellowship and general
esteem, these qualifications to be
judged by a committee chosen for the
purpose. The name of the successful
student will be announced in a few
days. Last year the Rhodes scholar
ship was given to a University of Cali
fornia representative and this year the
choice is with Stanford.
Japanese Say Port Arthur Could
Have Held Out Much Longer.
PORT ARTHUR. Saturday, Jan. 14.—
On Friday, January 13, the victorious
Japanese army formally entered Port
Arthur. General Nogi, accompanied
by his staff, entered first through the
old town and took his stand In the
public square of the new town. The
army, which was represented by one
regiment from each brigade, then
formed in procession and passed the
saluting base. This procession was five
miles long. Then the army passed out
of the city through the new town.
It is evident, many of the Japanese
say, that the surrender of the fortress
was not necessary, as there were 31,000
effective fighting men in the fortress.
The ammunition was short, but it had
not been exhausted. Food was scarce,
but private stores had not been re
quisitioned by the military, and there
is no difficulty in getting good meals In
the city even now from stores in the
possession of private persons.
The position, it is said, was capable
of being defended for months longer.
It is the opinion of non-combatants at.
Port Arthur that surrender was not
necessary, as the troops were willing
and able to fight to the bitter end.
General Stoessel Is much blamed by
these non-combatants for what they
characterize as the disgraceful con
clusion of a splendid defense, which
ended with the death of General Kon
dratenko, who was much loved by the
soldiers and who, they point out, was
the life of the defense.
LONDON, Jan. 17.—The latest news
as to the condition of Port Arthur when
it was surrendered to the Japanese oc
casions much discussion as to General
Stoessel's reason for capitulating. Crit
icism, however, is generally lenient,
there being a tendency to regard Gen
eral Nogi's tributes to General Stoes
sel's courageous defense as much in his
favor, and the Inclination is to credit
General Stoessel with the knowledge
that the morale of his garrison was
shattered. •
The Dally Telegraph's Kobe corre
spondent gives a somewhat theatrical
account of the final meeting of the gen
erals at Port Arthur prior to the sur
render, which account was obtained
from Russian generals at Nagasaki.
According to this story, twelve generals
assembled at General Stoessel's house.
Asked the reason for two additional
vacant chairs, General Stoessel, burst
ing into tears, explained that they for
merly belonged to beloved departed,
and, having paid a tribute to the gal
lant dead. General Stoessel abruptly
exclaimed:
"Well, gentlemen, I presume we will
fight till the end."
The disci 3lon which ensued showed
that the only alternatives were prompt
surrender or speedy annihilation. Then
champagne glasses were filled and the
Emperor's health was solemnly hon
ored.
Meanwhile the artillery thundered
outside, and as several shells burst in
the vicinity General Stoessel ordered
the removal of the Emperor's photo
graph, the sole adornment of the bare
walls, remarking:
"It is not right that his Majesty
should witness such proceedings."
The decision to capitulate being
unanimously reached each general
signed the record, many sobbing aloud.
Finally, General Stoessel stood at at
tention, silently offering a prayer,
brought his sword to salute and shout
ed "Long live the Csar!" which the
others repeated in chorus and the coun
cil ended.
It is said that Madame Stoessel
seemed stunned and cried aloud when
she heard the decision. It is added
that acute estrangement exists between
General Stoessel and his men, owing to
the arrangement of favorable terms for
the officers, but not for the men.
The correspondent at Port Arthur of
the Daily Mail describes an incident of
the siege of the fortress, when, after a
disastrous attempt to capture a Rus
sian position, a Japanese reserve regi
ment was ordered to renew the at
tempt. Not a man stirred. The major
in command advanced alone, vainly
calling to his men to follow. He was
soon kllied. and after a time the regi
ment, apparently struck by remorse,
advanced to the assault, which com
pletely failed. The regiment was sent
back to the rear, punished with forced
drills and compelled to listen to ser
vices in memory of the dead major be
fore It was allowed to go to the front
again.
OUTWIT THEIR FRIENDS
BY A QUIET WEDDING
Miss Mac McCrossen and Mark F. Ma
lotos of San Jose United Earlier
Than Expected.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 16.—Miss Mac Mc-
Crossen, a popular young society lady
of this city, and Mark F. Malovos stole
a march on their many friends and
were quietly married this evening at
St. Joseph's Church. The engagement
had been announced at the first of the
year and a large and fashionable wed
ding was expected. This evening, how
ever, accompanied by a few of their
relatives they went to the church and
were married by Father Walsh.
Malovos is a nurseryman of this city
and Is manager and secretary of the
Malovos Company. The bride is the
daughter of Mrs. Ellen McCrossen.
This evening Mr. and Mrs. Malovos
left on a honeymoon which will be
spent at the various resorts In this
part of the State.
KILL LUMBERMAN BECAUSE
HE KNEW TOO MUCH
Such Is the Reason Assigned for
Death of "Timber Cruiser" in
Oregon.
ROSEBURO, Or., Jan. 16.—Jack
Rogers, a timber cruiser, was found
here to-day in a blacksmith shop with
a bullet hole in the left breast over
the heart. While Rogers may have
committed suicide, the fact that his
revolver was found in his hip pocket
leads to the belief that he was put
out of the way in order to prevent his
revealing something he knew In con
nection with obtaining public lands
from the Government illegally.
34
The Labor-Saver & Century
THE^R.EGAL
Built, of the purest iron ob-
tamable. Full sheet, flue, nickel
i Cfflaßffi _ trimmed; small fire box. These
are but. a few of the points of
T/ktoffa superiority of this magnificent
product of the stove founder's
S^ km^km Wsffl art. Us3s one-ha'f the coal of
the ordinary range. We guar
}^ W^K^^^f^^^^ m antee it on every point for a
$1.00 down and
BL- $ 1.00 a week.
DEMAND MODERN
ELECTRIC ROAD
Supervisors gold Up Per
mit for 'California-Street
Extension Trolley Line
The resolution granting the United |
Railroads pel mission to operate that!
portion of the California street and
Cliff House line on California street,
from Parker avenue to First avenue,
with electricity was laid over for two I
weeks by the Board of Supervisors
yesterday. In the meantime the cor-j
poration must inform the board as to |
whether It Intends to erect ornamental
Iron poles and lay new and Improved I
rails along the route of the line in com- j
pliance with the the demand ma'> by <
property owners.
Supervisor Lunstedt s;>*d he had as-!
certained that the <• jfnpany had al- J
ready begun t.. unsightly poles j
on California street for a distance of
four blocks before it had obtained a j
permit. He submitted two protests
signed by fifteen California-street
property tvwners against granting the
corporation a permit unless it is com
pelled, to erect ornamental iron poles
and. lay grooved rails on the route. The
Protestants say they propose to lay a |
>itumen roadway and cement walks
to the boulevard connecting Golden'
• late Park and the Presidio, for which
l>onds have been issued, and that
wooden poles and dangerous rails
would prevent the improvement of the
•treet.
The attorney for the I'nited Rail-!
priads said that it was proposed to con- j
Mruct an up-to-date electric system. |
Mnd that permission was wanted to use,
electricity on three blocks only, the j
company already having the privilege!
on the rest of the route.
O. L. Scott, a property owner, said
the poles on the ground are not even'
sawed or planed, and the company
should be compelled to put up decent j
poles and lay Hat rails in return for'
the privilege which, he said, was worth
51.000.000, as the road had been bonded j
fi>v that amount.
"So far as I am concerned," said
Supervisor Comte. "I will not vote to
give this company or any other com
pany any privilege, unless it means to
keep in pace with the disposition of the
citizens to beautify this city and not)
retard the progressive spirit of the
times. They can cut down their divi- !
dends a little and construct a modern j
rlectric road with ornamental poles and
flat rails."
The board gave notice to the United
Railroads that operations along the
line must be discontinued pending the
settlement of the matter. Abbott
agreed to report the action of the board
to the managers of the corporation.
The resolution granting the United
Railroads permission to blast along its
right of way on Thirty-third avenue, j
through the Sutro estate property, for j
its proposed California street and Cliff I
House electric line was finally passed.
The protest against the acceptance
of Florida street, between Twenty-'
fourth and Twenty-fifth, was referred j
to the Street Committee.
The board passed to print an ordi
nance ordering the construction of an !
engine-house on Twenty-sixth avenue,
near Point Lobos avenue, at a cost of
$10,000.
That portion of Shipley street, from
Elizabeth to Ritch, was expunged from
the official map, as it is private prop
erty.
The amended ordinance prohibiting
the keeping of swine within the county
limits, except within that portion \
known as Butchertown and the Union
Stock Yards of the Southern Pacific
and Santa Fe Companies, which is to
become effective July 1 next, was'
passed to print. This permits the load- I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*?£JvK rACE Powder^
BEWARE !
M y ===== % Every woman who values her complex- B
M >m t\ J&mtui ii/w lon te cautioned that the genuine Lablache j
■ Or ■ Fac e Powder bears the signature of "Ben \
■ V-/WAvC WVA-ef/ Levy" in red across the label of the box J
■ *YWn\A%L M AU otners are counterfeits and dangerous' £
IC£H)UU (tWWwftI LABLACHE FACE POWDER
% i .. is P ui *e and contains no minerals. It is sci
m ri/rCI W * ntificaJ ly prepared to nourish and freshen
JV " sWr\ M the skin, remove all impurities and blemishes
M v r Ai HVf/* and give health and charm to the face of the
I woman who uses it. It makes the skin smooth.
I clear and beautiful. Preserves a fine complexion,
1 restores one which is faded. Its peculiar perfume fa
■ extracted from flowers and plants which possess antiseptic properties.
E Accept no substitute, Flesh, white, pink, cream tints. 50c box, druggists or mall.
I BEN LEVY & CO., French Perfumers, 125 Kingston St., Boston, Miss.
HIGH LICENSE
PROVES A BOON
Under Heavier Tax the Dives
That Disgraced Town of
Bremerton All Disappear
i The town of Bremerton, on Puget
Sound, has furnished advocates of a
high license lor saloons with a power
ful arguments. When the I'nited States
nary yard was established there the
main street of that hitherto unknown
hamlet assumed a business importance
in keeping with the sudden addition
lo the population of an army of me
( bi nics and several hundred free hand
ed bluejackets. Saloon-keepers were
among the first to realize the money
makiqg possibilities involved in -on
tiguity to a large and regular payroll,
v. ithin a tew months sixteen gin mills
«'< re in full blast along Bremerton's
principal thoroughfare. On paydays
the coin distributed by Cnele Sam soon
found its way into their tills. Jack
left his money in Bremerton but took
his jag back to the navy yard, where
the question of ni tint lining discipline
SOOfl '>« i arric a serious problem.
The matter Was reported lo the Navy
Department. Prompt action was
ti;ken. All liberty was denied the
si.ilormen and all work, on which an
army of mechanics had been employed,
was stopped. The people of Bremer
t( :i were warned that unless the sa
loons were removed from the neigh
borhood of the navy yard no more
ships would be sent to Bremerton for
repairs and that no sailor would be al
lowed outside the yard.
The saloon license at Bremerton at
this time was $300 a year. There were
sixteen saloons, all of a low type and
most of them deadfalls w here Jack was
relieved by trick and fraud of the
money he had been unable to spend
Ik fore succumbing to the paralysis
caused by the liquid refreshment
served. The people of Bremerton were
not quite so prompt to act as the Navy
Department had been, but when Uncle
Snm showed that his threat was not a
bluff the local authorities took decisive
steps to meet the Navy Department's
demands.
According to a navy officer who ar
rived here yesterday on the Queen,
Bremerton Is now a model town. The
I,tst thing the local authorities did
was to raise the saloon license to $1000
a year and to refuse to Issue any li
cense at all for business on the main
street. As a result, Bremerton's main
street Is clear of saloons, Bremerton
is free of dives, and In all the town
there are only six saloons and these
are well conducted. Discipline at the
Bremerton navy yard Is up to the serv
ice standard and the merchants of the
t< wn are enjoying a steady prosperity.
Did You Ever Stop to Think
What a pleasure it Is to look at pretty
photographs? Get a camera and take the
pictures yourself. We have cameras
from 80c up and all photographic sup
plies. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market St.*
KINDKROARTEN ASSOCIATION MEETS.
At the annual meeting and election of officers
of the Occidental Kindergarten Association the
reports ■♦•owed the affairs of the association
to be in good condition and the kindergarten
: . »tl. nient at 214 Second street to be pro
gressing rppldly. The following officers were
elfct".i: Mrs. A. L. Amies, president; Miss
T,eszynsk>, first vice president; Miss Edna
Levy, second vice president; Miss Jeennette
Newman, treasurer. Miss Jeannette Pauson,
recording secretary; Miss Florence Musto, cor
responding secretary.
ing and unloading of cattle at the
yards.
The board adopted resolutions and
adjourned out of respect to the mem
ory of the late ex-Police Commissioner,
William H. Alvord.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JANUARY 17, 1905.
LAWLOR WANTS
THE BOOK LAW
Hearing in Cheung Case Cut
Snort That Lawyers May
Look Up the Authorities
0
A one-hour round was fought in the
case of chan Cheung yesterday morn
ing before Judge Law lor. Robert Fer
ial of the District Attorney's office and
ex-Governor Budd were in frequent
conflict of vociferation over the light
of the defendant to inquire into the
proceedings of the Grand Jury that led
to the indictment for murder. The law
bi.oks were totally ignored and each
n.ntented himself with fiery declama
tion of how he thought the statutes
read.
Judge Lawlor's dinipiing smiles be
came wrinkles of impatience and be
fore abruptly adjourning he pointedly
directed counsel to look up some legal
authorities on their respective conten
ts DS and have them in court next Sat
urday morning, to which time he post
poned the hearing of the motion to
quash the indictment.
Andrew M. Davis, member of the
police committee of the cirand Jury,
was again called to the stand yester
oay. He admitted that he had dis
cussed with Andrews and Bowes, his
colleagues, before the indictment was
returned, their efforts to make Chan
Cheung tell of his connection with po
lice corruption in Chinatown. But his
recollection was hazy as to what was
said. He explained that he did not
pay much attention to the matter at
the time because he was Interested in
s< me other investigation.
According to the witness he was
neither biased nor prejudiced against
the prisoner when voting to charge him
with complicity in the murder of Tom
Yick. The defense is seeking to show
that the indictment war inspired by
the police committee hernnHi of Chan
Cheung's refusal to tell what It be
lieved he knew of the corruption fund
that was collected from the gambling
g;. mts for protection from interference
by the police.
Foreman Andrews was the next wit - j
r.tss. He again told the court he did
not vote on the Indictment. His reason
for so refraining was the fear that ]
the defendant might gain some tech- j
nical advantage, inasmuch as the wit
ness., had been one or those who
"sweated" him in trying to force him
to divulge the great Chinatown secrets, j
Then Budd produced a subpena call- i
ing on Chan Cheung to appear before ]
the police committee on Christmas day. |
The attorney said it was served the I
day after and he wanted to ask An- I
drews about It. The witness said the j
first time he saw It was 3 o'clock a. m., '
the morning after Christmas, when the
defendant showed it to him. This was
the night the foreman and Bowes
maintained vigil over their prisoner In I
seeking to force a confession from him.
Budd was going to make much of
this point. Ferral tried to address the
court, then exclaimed that the ex-Gov
ernor would not give him a chance to
talk. Budd was by this time quiescent
and declared that he had nothing to j
say. "I know you really have nothing
to say," was one of the Assistant Dis-!
trict Attorney's retorts courteous. The
tie of friendship between Budd and!
Ferral Is strong, but their love of
wrangling Is stronger.
Counsel for the defendant asked the
District Attorney to agree to ball "In
any amount," but he flatly refused.
He thinks Chan Cheung belongs behind
the bars.
ELECTRIC ROAD ANSWERS
RIVAL'S INJUNCTION SUIT
Santa Rosa Line Contends That Cali
fornia Northwestern Has No Title
to Spur That Was Crossed.
An answer was filed yesterday by
the Petaluma and Santa Rosa Railway
Company to the suit for injunction
filed by the California Northwestern
to prevent the former company from
building its line across the plaintiff's
tracks in Santa Rosa. The defendant
denies that it has threatened or used
force in attempting to build the
crossing. It answers in defense that
it was granted a franchise by the
Santa Rosa Council to build its elec
tric line along Railroad street In that
city and has expended $20,000 in the
purchase of realty for terminal facil
ities.
This franchise was granted in May
last, and in October permission was
given to Grace Bros, to build a spur
from their brewery to connect with
the Northwestern. The Mayor did not
approve this permission, but the spur*
was built and crossed Railroad street
100 feet from the electric road's ter
minal. The latter proceeded to build
across the sour and was driven out
by the opposition. It Is contended that
the Northwestern has no title to the
spur and that the Petaluma and -Santa
Rosa company had Grace Bros.' per
mission to cross the track.
MUST RE ADVERTISE SALE.—city Attor
ney Long: yesterday advised Tux Collector
Smith to publish a new notice for the sale of
property on De Hare street, assessed for the
changing of grades thereof,
DAY IN JAIL REWARDS
CHASE OP "DIMPLES"
Lover Scorned bu Variety Artiste
Attempts Her Destruction With Beer
Mug and Pursues Her Across Stage.
To the clientele of the North Side
Varieties, an excavated refuge of Or
pheus et al. at Jackson and Kearny
streets, she was originally Introduced
as Miss Violetta Montrevor, balladist,
but the very first evening of her engage
ment there one of the low comedians
irreverently addressed her as "Dim
ples," and so apt was the sobriquet
that It received unanimous adoption.
Only as "Dimples" is she now ever al
luded to by the folk in front. At the
conclusion of her opening song, entitled
"She Should Be Scolded, but Not
Turned Adrift," the house rises as one
man and shouts, "Good girlf Dimples."
and insists on a second helping, which
she Invariably bestows. For she is as
good natured as her ample avoirdupois
and countenance indicate When that
countenance dons a smile —not the
"prop" simper that acknowledges the
honor of being encored, but the spon
taneous grin evolved by a humorous
spirit—the dimples are so numerous as
to be suggestive of a thickly quilted
cushion —or two of them.
Among the masculinity that surren
dered to the physical and vocal charms
of "Dimples" was ori" Joseph Burton,
a small young man with a large and
nasty temper and no fixed vocation.
He ardently pressed his suit, but the
lady told him she was wedded to her
art, and had not the most remote in
tention of applying for divorce, so he
suffered in silence arid worshiped from
a distance until last Saturday night,
when he was driven to jealous frenzy
by seeing her bestow dimple-deepening
smiles In great abundance upon a gen
tleman who recently arrived from the
mines and was sp* nding money freely.
Bursting into the curtained recess
where the pair were tete-a-tete. Mr.
Burton seized a glass which his inam
orata had just emptied and hurled it
at her head, hut she adroitly avoided
the missile and ran away shrieking. He
pursued her. and the chase led across
the stage, just then being occupied by
a young lady in abbreviated skirts w ho
was shrilly informing the audience that
My feller works a motor on the North
Beach line, and In his dandy uniform
he cuts a shine, and half-a-dozen times
a day he asks. Won't you be mine?'
and I know he's not foolln'." The song
was interrupted, of course, for the
sight of the fleeing "Dimples" and the
little man chasing her completely Ob
scured all other performances visible
DOAN'S PILI'S.
A REPUTATION
How II Was Made and Retained
in San Francisco.
A good reputation is not easily
earned, and it was only by hard, con
sistent work among our citizens that
Doan's Kidney Pills won their way
to the proud distinction attained in
this locality. The public indorsement
of scores of San Francisco residents
has rendered invaluable service to
the community. Fead what this citi
zen says:
F. T. Collins, silk hatter, of 10101,4
Hyde street says: "It is a difficult
matter to give greater praise to
Doan's Kidney Pills than their re
markable properties deserve. For
several years I was bothered more or
less with kidney complaint, particu
larly if I contracted a cold, which
was sure to seat itself in the region
of my back just over the kidneys. I
fooled around for a long time trying
medicine of various kinds, none of
which even helped, and finally Mrs.
Collins, who had been reading con
siderable about Doan's Kidney Pills,
advised me to take a course of the
treatment. If the first box had not
brought results I can positively guar
antee this, I never would have bought
a second, and if the second had not
stopped the last attack, and, what is
better, there has not been a symptom
of a recurrence for six months, I
could not be induced under any cir
cumstances to publicly recommend
the preparation."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50
cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,
N. V., sole agents for the United
States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and
take no substitute.
EXAMINE YOUR DENTIFRICE
Add and grit, deadliest enemies of the
teeth, abound in cheap dentifrices. Fine pet
fumes do not make fine dentifrices. Your
teeth deserve better of you than to be offered
up a sacrifice to your pocketbook.
SOZODONT
Is of proven value. Sixty years is a pretty
good test. No acid, no grit in Sozodont.
The Liquid penetrates the little crevices and
purifies them; the Powder gives a bright
and polished surface.
I FORMS: LIQUID, POWDER, PASTS.
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
|to the congregation. Mr. Burton waa
dangerously close to his quarry when
; she leaped from the stage to the au
! dltorlum, bounded to the bar and
| plunged Into the protecting arms of
I Special Policeman Doggett, who found
|it necessary to knock Mr. Burton down
: twice ere the subjugation was com
plete.
"Dimples" did not appear before
Judge Fritz to testify against the de
fendant, but on the strength of what
the policeman said the court fixed the
penalty at twenty-four hours' impris
onment.
• • •
Judge Conlan is weighing the com
plaint of Deon D. Bernardi, "King of
the Newsboys," against the defense
submitted by Charles McNulty, a sub
ject of the complainant. On the last
cay of last year Mr. Bernard! provided
Mr. McNulty with thirteen dozen of
fish horns to sell to celebrants lhat
same evening on Market street, and Mr.
McNulty failed to return either the in
struments of torture or the cash which
he presumably received for them. Mr.
McNulty pleaded that after disposing
of the horns he commenced to greet
the new year in a bibulous way and
v. as arrested for drunkenness and im
prisoned ten days, thus being deprived
of opportunity to pay his indebtedness
to Mr. Bernardi. When the truth or
faisity of Mr. McNulty's plea has been
established the Judge will do the rest.
• • •
it was no: entirely William Jack
son's fauX that hi 7 arrival at the Sun
day i>l»rht bull in the Temple on Turk
street muted the amenities, for the
belle was just as willing to play him
as first fiivorite ftfl he was eager to
monopolize her attention. Prior to his
entrap sh-» had divided her dances as
equally as th<» limited programme and
the press of would-be partners would
permit, and while there was envy
among the swains who were unable to
get oh h*»r card, not one of them en
tertained hard feeling toward any of
the mnrc Fortunate ones .who had
placed (heir ;uitograohs But
after Mi. Jackson and rhe exchanged
giancea, they coolly appropriated each
other for the remainder of the festival.
The belle erased every name on her
list and reolaced it with his, and he
ignored the allurements of various
maidens who sought to be swung by
his encircling arm. As one gentleman,
whose signature had been wiped out,
remarked to a group of his fellows:
"It's all off wid us. Since she trew
'er lamps on dat guy it's curtains fer
us mugs."
It was not to be expected, of course,
that the repudiated ones would tame
ly submit to their cutting out. They
tried, individually and collectively to
persuade the belle into belief that her
behavior was a direct violation of
ballroom etiquette, to say nothing of
the fact that it might reflect unfavor
ably upon her discriminative ability.
"W'y, kid, youse must be crohey,"
one impassioned pleader urged. "Wot-
Inell yer sees In dat mutter git stuck
on is wot heats me. He ain't as good
lookin' as de homeliest one of de
bunch you've trown down, an' he
dances like a cow on roller skates. Say,
if I didn't know youse I'd t'ink yer
bughouse sure."
When suasion failed violence was
resorted to, and that's how Arthur
Carroll, Joseph Devlin, John Calla
han and William Callahan, all in their
late teens, came to be arrested on the
street arid charged with battery. They
had followed Mr. Jackson and the
belle from the Temple and were in the
act of visiting corporal punishment
upon him when the belle's protesting
screams attracted police attention.
Judge Mogan has continued the hear
ing till next Monday.
• • •
W. H. Meyer was ringing the door
bell of Herman Metzler's undertakers,
on Washington street, near Kearny,
when Mr. Metaler, across the street,
shouted:
"Hi, there, can you play checkers?"
Mr. Meyer ceased hie button-punch
ing, turned around and to Mr. Metzler
said, "Why?"
"Because it's your move," Mr. Metz
ler replied. "What do you mean by
standing in my doorway and raising
such a racket?"
That started the contention which
resulted in the arrest of Mr. Metzler
for battering Mr. Meyer. Judge
Cabaniss patiently heard a great deal
of unimportant testimony and then
dismissed the complaint.
* • •
Mrs. Daisy Reynolds of 409 Steven
son street was sauntering along Mar
ket street last Saturday afternoon
when she saw ahead of her, on the
person of another woman, a coat
which had been stolen from her home
a few days previously. Arrest fol
lowed and the wearer of the stolen
garment confessed that she was the
thief. She was registered as Ada Wil
son and said she was a waitress.
Judge Frits gave her three months.
• • •
Mrs. Marian Greenberg, age about
fifty and respectably clad, pleaded ab
ac lute inability to explain what
prompted her to steal a square of but
ter while she was purchasing fruit at
the store of Peter A. Bricker, 832 Sixth
street. Goodness knows she had no
pressing need of the butter, for It was
not of the quality she was accustomed I
to setting before her famlty, and her j
larder was overstocked with butter, i
anyway. All she could say was that
while Mr. Bricker's back was momen- !
- „ ,
jillli IkWfc '-JmVOSS&XxLJx
Reliable Directory of Society People
Just Issued.
Charles C. Hoag has jnst taken from the press the San Francisco Blue
Book for the season of 1905. It has a blue binding. Illuminated with gold.
The contents are printed in colors and arranged in departments repre
senting the leading families in Sin Francisco and one hundred suburban
towns, giving the names, addresses and reception days. The Men's Clubs
with complete lists of members, are given. Also diagrams or the
personnel of the Press, Ladies' Shopping Guide. Street and Avenue
Guide, glvinp, the car line to any d> sired number.
As for Its intrinsic worth.'the fact that It is issued with the official
indorsement of the California Federation of Women's Clubs is a sufficient
guarantee of its reliability.
Since the women of California have found that they have so many in
terests In common this book is a necessity and a comfort. It puts the
women of the uttermost-parts of the State In communication with each
other. In addition to the names and addresses of 10,000 women in this
book, the date of organization and the times of meeting of each club are
indicated.
Address CHAS. C. HOAC, Publisher,
320 Sanson) c St., Room 47,
Telephone Main 1760. Son Francisco.
tartly confronting her one of her hands
ii voluntarily went out. clutched the
square and returned with it under
neath her coat. She would be more
than pleased to pay for the butter
and any trouble Mr. Brlcker might
have been put to by her inadvertent
latceny. The proposal was accepted
1 y Mr. Bricker and Judge Mogan dis
missed the case.
* * •
William Evans, a pockmarked lit
tle negro, was decorating his boot
black stand at 2819 Greenwich street,
when he hammered two tacks into the
facade of the building owned and oc
cupied by Adolph L. Redfleld, thus
arousing that gentleman's anger. Mrs.
Redfleld also expressed her opinion
of Mr. Evans' impudent marring of
Ihe appearance of the Redfleld dom
icile and incidentally addressed an
epithet, which he promptly answered
by saying she was another, but of a
different race. Then she slapped his
face, while her husband doffed his
eyeglasses and challenged to combat.
In the ensuing fistic encounter Mr.
Redfleld received an uppercut that
drew blood from his nose and almost
knocked him out. whereupon he
ceased battling and had Mr. Evans ar
rested for battery. Judge Fritz dis
missed the case.
* * •
John Clark, accused of begging on
Kearny street, ascribed his necessity
of alms seeking to the combined ef
fects of wine, women and song.
"Alas, Judge." he said, "it's de ©le
story. Me parents wur rich an' hon
est an' dey reared me in de lap of lux
ury. Wen dey died, bote on de same
day, I got all de fambly wealt, an' I
didn't do a ting but blow it in on
wine an' women an' songs. It's me
wuz de hottest sport at large while de
dough lasted."
Then the arresting policeman in
formed the court that Mr. Clark was
born and bred on the Barbary Coast
and never possessed more money
than he could spend for liquor with
out getting drunk —a combined trib
ute to his capacity for drink and his
chronic impoverishment. He will be
sentenced to-day by Judge Mogan.
• * •
James Maroney, charged with
smashing a window in Creeley's sa
loon at Second and Minna streets by
hurling a missile thereat, deplored the
lack of accuracy displayed by the po
liceman, who testified that said missile
was a cobblestone.
"The fact* is," Mr, Maroney inform
ed Judge Conlan, "that I threw a
chunk of coal. Really these policemen
should be more careful in their testi
mony."
He will be punished for malicious
mischief just the same.
Immoral Aliens Deported.
A special board of inquiry yester
day, convened by order of United
States Immigrant Commissioner Hart
H. North, recommended, the deporta
tion to France of Charles Budie, Ma
rie Godens, Charlotte Godens and
Emily Guillard, Budie and the wom
en were arrested at Point Richmond
last Saturday night on the arrival of
the Santa Fe train from the East. It
is charged that the women had been
leading immoral lives at Denver and
that Budie was their manager. Budie
and Marie Godens arrived at New
York from France In August, 1904,
and represented that they were man
and wife.
"THE EAVESDROPPERS,"
I THE MOST HXCITTNQ NOVEL OF THE TEAR, COMPLETE Of
FOR FEBRUARY JUST OUT.
LOUPY DIVORCE
NOT EXCITING
Itestanrateur Offers No Op
position to Wife's Suit
and Decree Is Granted
The sensational bubble blown in the
complaint of Lucy Loupy for divorce
from Jean Loupy, proprietor of the
Pup Rotlsserie. burst.in Judge Hebr
bard's court yesterday and left a com
mon interlocutory decree, granted
without opposition, on the ground of
cruelty. When she filed her suit Mrs.
Loupy made a startling allegation. He
filed a denial of the accusations, the
case was set for trial yesterday ana
j there was an expectation of interest
ing evidence. Loupy was present but
left before the proceedings. His at
torney. Myer Jacobs, remained but
said nothing.
Mrs. Loupy and her sister, Rena
Brockoff, testified as to his assaults
and other abuse of his wife, and the
decree was entered. The restaurant
was not discussed. The property
rights of the pair have been settled
out of court.
In a complaint for divorce, Philip
Novak, a barber at 132 Pacific street,
tells a woeful tale of his wife's mis
treatment. He married her in 1890 in
Dalmatia. He says that of the $35 a
week earned by him she has received
$30 and spent most of it for drink.
She has, he says, threatened to kili
him on an average five times a month,
her favorite weapon being a bread
knife with which she once slashed his
niece. He avers that she entered into
a conspiracy with his nephew, Jacob
Novak, to get the shop, and that in
pursuance thereof they got the plain
tiff" drunk and by threats and cajolery
obtained from him a deed to his shop
wherein Jacob was installed as man
ager.
Suit for divorce was filed by Susie
Mershon against James R. Mershon.
for Infidelity and neglect; by Llllle T.
Lynch against Henry C. Lynch, ne
glect; by Carrie L. James against
Joseph James, cruelty; and by Mar
garet Beverlng against William Bever
ing, neglect.
An interlocutory decree of divorce
was granted by Judge Hebbard to
Lsura M. Hammond from Grant Ham
mond for neglect; by Judge Kerrigan
to Mona L. Bleakmore from Lea
Bleakmore, extreme cuelty; to Jarre
Mullin from Patrick E. Mullin, ne
glect; to Fred H. Kidd from Hannah
Kidd, desertion; by Judge Murasky to
Hans Rasmussen from Jennie Rasmus
sen, cruelty and desertion; to Hattle
Sprague from Samuel C. Sprague, ex
treme cruelty. ,
NEW YORKERS ELECT OFFICERS.—The
San Francisco Society of Naw Yorkers has
elected the tollowirc a» 1U officers far the
current term: George Stone praalaant; Wil
liam McMahon, vice P^' de " t: J?-_ v S - Eemadlct.
vice president; Colonel H. P. Bush, secretary \
P I Plsher, treasurer; Dr. George W. Slchel.
j' N Much. Otto I Wlsa. Colon*! C. Mason
Kinne and E. B. Read, directors.THE CAFE CHANTANT
IS A STUNNING SHOW
In Boulevard Style Society Drinks
Beer and Sings for Charity.
TWO HARMING WOMEN OF SMART SET WHO FIGURED PROMINENTLY IN
CAVE 'HANTANT WHICH WAS GIVEN LAST NIGHT FOR THK BENEFIT OF
LITTLE TYKES OF TELEGRAPH HILL SETTLEMENT.
Ytsterday we were plain San Fran
ciscans. Last night found us pay Pa
risians — a spontaneous, effervescent,
volatile throng, drinking beer at cafe
tables like seasoned boulevardiers.
Hinging cascarone, and sinsrina: the
songs of the street with fine noncha
lance. Ah! 'twas good to see!
This Cafe Chantant is* a great lev
eJer of dignity—but such a noble scheme
•to fill the yawning treasury of the lit
.Ue Settlement on the bill'
The ballroom at the Palace has
never held quite so swagger a crowd In
all its long, glad days. Everybody in
the smart set there, and every
• woman in it wore a new gown. Smart?
Quite the finest ever done in our West
ern town in the matter of style—yes.
and of temperament.
The programme opened with some
capital music by "'an amateur orches
tra that doesn't have time to prac
tice." These melody-makers proved
the backbone of the show, rendering
brave service to the vocal stunts that
followed. Dodging between scurrying
'waiters, weighted down with beer and
Its liquid associates, the "Strollers"
strolled and warbled. And they knew
' how. these chaps, who proved to be
A. E. McMillan, Walter Kneiss, Paul
Ligda and R. H. Hunt.
More music by the band, and then
/'Tommy Atkins" by the dearest little
sort of a lad. Harold Forman by name,
who- took his high notes in true Tet
razzini fashion. And the little soprano
was cheered and "bravoed" in good
4>oulevard exuberance.
George C. Walker, ably abetted by
Harold Ward —two nice chaps belong
ing to the De Koven <ivb —gave some
Chinese stunts that made a famous hit.
Arthur Bodeley Watson, who scored
such a triumph last year, made good
again in a pitiful burlesque. A clever
lad, he.
More music, more beer, more music—
this time from little Miss Louisa Rodg
ors* bird-like throat. In costume, she
ADVJEUTISEMEXTS.
| DISCOIJfWf&r\II |
now on L
REDUCTION OF
DEPARTMENT
C CHINA. ART GOODS. CUT CLASS.
KiTCHENWAJUE, ETC. M^-^flL
/j <r rsr» opportunity to dee- fl
orate your dens, replenish if
15 china c/otets and Jfcy
kitchens at a yreat
I I
j l gutter st \j j
SALLY SHARP
gave "Santa Lucia," with Fred Maurer,
as a bold, bad bandit, playing opposite.
At 12 that orchestra was still in
wind—it may be going yet under Mr.
Lathron's strenuous baton.
Taken all in all. the show of last
night was a demonstration of what
-San Francisco society looks like in its
good clothes—congratulations to our
selves. Likewise did it show the
Western spirit of philanthropy, of love
for the lesser man.
The following society folk occupied
tables:
Mrs P. Eyre. Mrs. H. E Bothin Mr«
W inslow, Mies Griffith. Mr?. James L. Flood,
Mrs. E B. Bteyfogle. Miss F. Hooker. Mrs.
E. R. nimnnd. Miss Ethel Patton. Mrs. Harry
V.'illiar. Mrs. W. B. Bourn. Mrs. William
Crocker. Mrs Mclneny. Mrs. Horac? Pills
bury. Mr*. William G Irwin Mrs Henry T.
Scott, Mrs. B. G. Lathrop. Mrs. Willard
Drown, Mrs. P. Moore. Mrs. Arnold. Mrs. G.
Moore, Mrs. R. Wiison. Mrs. Sims. Mrs. S
Stern. Mrs. William Gerttle. Mrs. Mark
Gerstle. Mrs. Bancroft. Mrs. Van Arsdale,
Mrs. E. R Schroeder. Miss Eugenic Hawesi
Mrs. Francis Cardan. Mrs. Frank Powers.
Mrs. Worthington Anus. Miss Elizabeth
Ames and Miss Grace Llewellyn Jones.
For gowns and millir.ery the Cafe
Chantant is winter's wonder.
"EL TOVAR" OPENS.
Special Excursion to £rand Canyon.
Leaving at 9:30 a. m. and 8:00 p. m.,
the Santa Fe will run special excursion
to the Grand Canyon of Arizona on Mon
day. January 23rd. Only )30.00 round
trip, good for ten days. The new hotel
at the Canyon. "El Tovar." Is now open.
An exceptional opportunity to see Na
ture's greatest wonder. Full Information
at Santa Fe office. 611 Market street. •
IXSritANCIC COMPANIES PAY TAXES—
E. Myron Wolf of the Insurance Commission
reports that $143.010 o:; has been collected as
taxes t;„;n the insuran-.e companies doing busi
ness in Cslifornia 'luring the last year. The
sum has been collect**! by virtue of section
6S2A of the CfVil Code and all except life in
surance companies have thus been compelled
to pay. Prior to the passage of the act men
tioned the annual collections wcr? less than
half the amount obtained in 1904. Under
j-resent law life insurance companies are
e\cr.:i i from pa: ment of ftiQ tax.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1905.
MISS HOPPER
COMES AS STAR
Law's "A Country Mouse"
Depicts an Elaborately
Sophisticated Damsel
LONDON GAY SET SEEN
riay Is Full of Wit, but Ex
hibits Society of the Great
Capital at Its Worst
With "A Country Mouse." by Arthur
Law, given at the Columbia Theater
last night, one can survive for a while
at least without Pinero s "Wife With
out a Smile." The London of Mr. Law
is the London of Pinero in ' The Gay
Lord Quex," of Henry Arthur Jones in,
say, "Joseph Entangled"; of R. C. Car
ton in "Wheels Within Wheels." It is
only less nice—as Oscar Wiide would
ha\e delighted in not saying. The Fau
bourg Germain has nothing to learn
from Mr. Law's Park Lane. His peo
ple throughout the cast, with the ex
ception of the Galllcally ridiculous de
ceived husband, a charwoman and a
butler who desires to die respectable
and therefore gives notice because
ping-pong and the "Prince of Pilsen"
are played on Sundays, are as frankly
unmoral as the best Parisian society of
the stage.
Lady Sylvia Bowlby and Violet Ayns
ley are discovered. They are smoking,
skillfully, and discussing Lady Bowl
by's lover. Lady Bowlby has decided
to "fly." Bowlby is a member of the
House of Commons, never asks what
his wife spends and dines at home only
when he is invited. His wife's lover Is
poor, but, as Lady Bowlby tells Miss
Aynsley, her husband has settled
£2u0.000 upon her, which "in these
cases is not interfered with." "Take
my tip." Miss Aynsley advises, "it's
not worth it." "But you don't'know,
you have never been in love." Lady
Bowlby sighs.
It is then Miss Aynsley's turn. "Oh.
haven't I?" she asks. "Why do you
think 1 am here to-night?" Altes Ayns
ley is there to meet Lord Bob Wyck
ham. She has met him before. She Is
known to him as "Mrs." Aynsley be
cause Lord Bob's "love" begins only
with the wedding-ring.
"Does he love you?" Lady Sylvia
asks. This and that proof Miss Ayns
ley then adduces, ending with "He
writes me the most beautiful letters."
"Ah," says Lady Sylvia, "he has given
you a hold over him." "But he doesn't
sign them," says Miss Violet, "and
they're typewritten. I wonder if
I'm the only recipient " Of this sit
uation the dramatist makes eood
enough fun himself, when he later
makes Lord Bob> play the injured
swain who has been deceived into lov
ing an unmarried woman.
Well, that's the tone of the whole
thing. . The "gentlemen" later join the
ladies, to discover Miss Aynsley with
carefully disarranged lingerie about
her ankles, and the "country mouse"
enters. The country mouse is an in
genu of the Nancy Brown type, "from
the country." but can give points in
Intrigue to the whole unpleasant gang.
Humorously, and with almost poetic
Justice, she lands the senile Duke of
St. Kitts in the last act.
Clever the play undoubtedly is.
its situations highly ingenious, its
dialogue bright; but in the heavier
English handling of the theme it lacks
what makes a "Divorcons," for ex
ample, possible and delightful. There
isn't an ideal in the crowd, not the
poorest little rag of one. There is not
one sweet or fine thing done during
the whole play, not one fine thing said.
One laughs with shame, and comes
away with a bad taste in one's teeth.
Perdie. when its dramatists get
through with it, there will be almost
a«= little left of London as the Central
has left us of New York.
Little Edna Wallace Hopper, once
happily of "Wang" and "El Capltan,"
returns to us as the star of the piece.
She has not grown any, being still
about as tall as a minute and slim as
a match. But Miss Hopper made a
distinctly pleasing impression, particu
larly in the curtain-raiser, "Captain
January," of which more later. It is
possible that Miss Hopper, as "the
breezy, grassy, buttercuppy" Angela
Muir, suggested overmuch the sou
brette. She lacked also the ability to
suggest fully the simulated unsophlsti
cation, and at the same time to take
the audience into her confidence as to
th*» simulation. But the catty, mlnxy
quality of Miss Muir Miss Hopper was
very happy In suggesting and the
whole performance was largely in ad
vance of anything the actress has be
fore attempted. Her English accent is
dutiable.
The support is competent though
not brilliant. Miss Emma Janvier I
leads with a capital Violet Aynsley; I
Miss Kathryne Browne does Lady Syl
via with picturesque and dramatic 11- I
lusion, and Mabel Norton Is a truly :
comical charwoman. Edgar Norton.
Geoffrey C. Stein. Paul McAllister and
Paul Everton are all acceptable in the j
various male roles.
Those going to the Columbia this j
week are advised not to miss the )
"Captain January." as fragrantly
charming as "A Country Mouse" is
not. Here Miss Hopper appears as a
child of ten with striking illusion. And
here Mr. Everton shows a portrait of
an old sailor, powerful, touching, con- l
vincing. that is one of the best things
of its kind seen here. The play is all |
about a child rescued by an old sailor,
the two living together in a faraway !
lighthouse, and la a little Idyll.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Alcazar.
I A sigh arose from the audience last
i night at the Alcazar when the lead
! ing man appeared before the curtain
Jas the performance was about to be
\ gin and announced in honeyed accents
! that the leading lady had such a se-
I vere cold, etc., and Miss Woodson
! would read the part. After it was all
[ over the ladies asserted vehemently'as
' they probed their hatpins home that
[ the ingenue had done "Just darling"
and their escorts readily assented more
grammatically. And something for
which the management did not apolo
gize and for which there was no need
of apology was the substitution of
Herbert Farjeon as stage director for
Fred J. Butler, -whoV was necessarily
absent.
The play was "The Girl and the
Judge", by Clyde Fitch, and was char
acteristically interesting and amusing.
The play will be reviewed to-night by
Blanche Partington.
Central.
"A Working Girl's Wrongs" were re
venged last night at the Central Thea
ter, the home of melodrama, and Her
achel Mayal! was the chief actor In the
work of revenge. Mr. Mayall, as Jack
Fallon, had a very busy evening res
cuing the heroine. Miss Ethel Clifton,
from the persecutions of the villain. I
Impersonated by Henry Shumer. As a
hero Mr. Mayall is a decided success,
YOSEMITE BILL
CAUSES SPLIT
Rival Railway Interests in
California Concerned Over
Proposed Land Transfer
MEASURE IX SENATE
Merced and Fresno Said to
Be Involved in Dispute
at the National Capital
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
CALL BUREAU. POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON. Jan. 16.—Gilletts
new bill, providing for the transfer of
a large tract of the Yosemlte National
Park to the adjoining Sierra forest re
serve, which passed the House on Sat*
urday, came over to the Senate to-day
and was referred by request of a num
ber of that body to the Committee on
Forest Reserves. Senator Perkins' bill,
which is identical, both being the so
called administration or department
measures introduced some days ago,
had been referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.of which Bard is a mem
ber. This leaves two bills identical in
purpose, before two different com
mittees.
It is well understood that two differ*
ent railway companies have interested
themselves in this measure with the
Intention of taking advantage of the
widening of the boundaries of the
Sierra forest reserve to approach the
Yosemite Valley. One of these leads
in from Merced and would be enabled
by the operation of the bill to make a
much closer approach to the valley
than the other from Fresno.
The Fresnoites were very wroth
over the passage of the earlier bill
and were pleased when it was held up
by the President, confident that the
recommendations of the commission
appointed to investigate the matter of
the transfer, and the report of which
had not yet been printed, would If
followed better their case. The new
Gillett and Perkins bills prepared
since, according to these recommenda*
tions, are found not to have helped
the Fresno line. This line, because of
topographical conditions, is compelled
in order to get a proper grade, to go
beyond the line of the forest reserve
even as extended by the new bill.
Threfore the Fresno interests have
been sending telegrams to members of
the California delegation, asking them
to delay the passage of the bill. The
telegmms have been signed by Frank
H. Short.
Senator Bard made answer that he
would secure them a hearing If they
were on hand In a few days. but x that
the new park boundaries recommend
ed by the commission and approved by
the President could not again be
changed. Gillett. of course, is anxious
to speed his bill.
With the knowledge of this proposed
delay, it is thought the Merced inter
ests have made a flank movement and
through a Senator, not aware of the
situation, had the bill referred "by re
quest" to a committee other than
Bard's. Bard nronoses to call the mat
ter to the attent on of the President
of the Senate to-morrow.
LIGHT ON POLITICAL
METHODS OF CARRIERS
Wynne Sends Matter to House Show
ing Plan to Effect a B ti gain.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.—Postmas
ter General Wynne transmitted to the
House to-day "a statement of facts"
relative to the dismissal on December
IC, 1904, of J. C. Keller, president of
the City Letter-Carriers' Association
and Frank Cunningham. Warren Turn
ber and H. W. Aldrich, officers- of the
Rural Carriers' Association.
The campaign of the Rural Carriers
for an increase of pay is set forth in
the communication in a number of
circular letters credited to the three
named carriers.
In one letter it was proposed that
Representative Overstreet should give
out a "newspaper interview to the ef
fect that at a coming session he would
allow to be* reported out of the post
office committee the Fairbanks bill
Uhe situation in Indiana is that Fair
banks will be defeated; the Republi
cans are of the opinion and should be
glad of a chance to make this trade).
Then what? This interview will be
flashed all over the country by the As
sociated Press, that Overstreet will do
this.
"We will then get in our work of
petting Congressmen and candidates to
Lcmmit themselves to vote for the bill.
We will then get out the Free Deliv
ery News with an extra whooping-up
of Overstreet; that he is not such a
bad fellow after all. and urge the car
riers to support the whole ticket.
"But If Cortelyou does not agree to
this plan, then we must do our turn
In a game of bluff —say to him that
we win support the hea<sjof the ticket,
but as we have nothing to expect from
a Republican House we will support
Democrats for the remainder of the
ticket."
• .
, and earned all the applause he re-
I ceived.
The credit for the most artistic per- '
I formance must be given to Edna Ells
mere, who played the wronged girl
\ with genuine pathos and feeling. Myr
■, tie Vane, as a Harriganesque tough
■ girl, was very clever, and seemed thor
oughly to enjoy the part. Maggie
i Frances Leavy, in a short part, was
: very good, and little Martine, her
I daughter, is a bright and talented
child. The others in the cast were ac
ceptable.
The Chutes.
Montgomery and Cantor, -singing
and dancing comedians, one of whom
U a very clever pianist, made their
first appearance at the Chutes yester-
J day and scored a hit at both per
i ft-rmances. The Kale Duo gave a
j capital exhibition of club juggling,
i Bernard Williams proved to be an en
tertaining monologist, and Jetsie
Lawrence sang some of the latest bal
lads acceptably. James T. Powers, a
singing and dancing Irish comedian,
Ernest Wilson and Marie Leicester, in
their pretty act, "Love Stories Told in
Song," and the American Blograph,
showing realistic and remarkable mov
ing pictures, completed a strong pro
gramme. The feature of the amateur
performance on Thursday night will
be a wood sawing contest for fat
ladies.
Fischer's.
Fischer's Theater continues to draw I
lovers of vaudeville. Several new
stunts were introduced last night and j
were well received.
Lyric.
Patrons of the Lyric were more
than satisfied with the bill put on at l
the little showhouse last night. There
was a plenty of catchy turns on the
bill
STEALS MONEY
FOR DIAMONDS
St. Louis Man Conies to Grief
Trying to Supply Women
From Here With Finery
RAISES POSTAL ORDERS
Elmer Smith Meets Rita and
Pauline Ogden and Enters
Upon a Fast Existence
Special Dispaich to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 16.—Elmer Smith,
aged 27, who was arrested yesterday
in a flat occupied by Rita Ogden, aged
22, and Pauline Ogden, aged about 20,
of San Francisco and charged with de
frauding the United States postofflce
of (5300 by raising money orders, ad
mitted to-day after waiving examina
tion before United States Commissioner
Gray that he had obtained the money
by theft and by raising money orders
and had spent about $1600 of the money
so obtained upon Rita Ogden. .
The Ogden sisters were arrested to
day. After they had been "sweated"
they were escorted by the detectives to
their flat, where, they surrendered to
the detectives $1000 worth of diamonds,
$1000 worth of fine dresses and seal
skin sacques and $200 in cash. They
said they did not know Smith had been
stealing. He had promised to marry
Rita, they said, as soon as he got a
divorce from his present wife, who is
an invalid.
Smith has lived a rapid existence
since September, when he met the
Ogden girls. They had come from San
Francisco to see the exposition. Pau
line came first and was boarding with
Mrs. Burt on Lucas avenue. She sent
for her sister, Rita, the divorced wife
of a man named Engelhardt in the
Government service in Alaska. Both
girls are extremely pretty and of the
blonde type.
GALE CAUSES HAVOC
ON BRITISH COAST
Widespread Damage io Shipping Along
the Shorts of the United
Kingdom. '
LONDON. Jan. 16. —A fierce gale last
night caused much havoc along the
coasts of the United Kingdom. There
were a number of wr.'css of small
craft, resulting in loss of life. A
French ketch was driven ashore on the
Isle of Wight and her crew of five men
were drowned. All arrivals report ter
rific weather. The harbors are filled
with vessels seeking shelter. No less
than fifty steamships have sought shel
ter at Holyhead.
This morning the bitter cold was ac
companied by a gale and the first skat
ing of the winter commenced in Lin
colnshire.
Nearly the whole of the fishing fleet
of Ullapool, on Loch Broom, Scotland,
was driven ashore. Three of the boats
were sunk and many were badly
wrecked. Two coasting steamships |
have also run ashore at Ullapool. A
fishing smack has been wrecked off the j
Orkney Islands and her crew drowned, j
The Old Humpbacks
Are not to be compared to our new pat
ent back, flat-opening blank books, which
cost no more than the old style and are
infinitely better. We are agents fqr
Berkshire typewriting papers. Regal pen
cils. Shaw-Walker filing devices and
headquarters for all other office supplies.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
GILLETT'S BILL FAVORED.
Provides for Reclamation Works on |
. Oregon-California Border.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 16. — The
House Committee on Irrigation of Ari
zona lands to-day voted a favorable
report on the bill of Representative
Gillett of California, providing for the
construction of irrigation and reclama
tion works in Lower or Little Klamath
Lake, Tolo or Rhett Lake and Goose
Lake, all on the border between Ore
gon and California. Chairman Medell
will make a minority report against 1
the bill.
P.fPSELLS GIVE BONDS. —John and Kate
Kussell were released yesterday by United
States Commissioner Heacoek on furnishing
bonds in the sums of $2500 and $1000 respec
tively. They are charged with having bAn in
possession of a meld containing the impres
sion of a five dollar gold piece.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
...TPe Zonophone Talking Machine...
WE REQUIRE NO MONEY DOWN
Where* the B&nd^gk
Reproduces the human
voice or the tone of any 1
selections, sings songs as \\
sung by great artists. Gives talks of greatest* fun J V
makers of the day. The most resourceful entertainer J
possible for the home, club or hall.
...Try It for Thirty Days... iLi
Select any machine in our stock—any size—use it thirty V ißflssS
days. If not satisfactory, return it: if satisfactory, keep it and H U
pay $1.26 a week. Prices $15. $20. $25, $35 and $45. X V
Simply pay for required "records" now. 50c each and up- fl B
wards. Liberal discount by the dozen. "Blue Records" are fl H \
cheaper because they have a tune on each side. H
Kohler ®> Chase
(The Largest* Music House
COR. POST AND KEARNY STREETS. \ on the Coast,)
500 Suv/o Gas Heaters
Given Away FREE
To-day we will give away absolutely free a
Suvio Heater with every $2.50 or over purchase
ma^c m our Crockery and Household Depart-
merits. This heater is the regular 85c kind; will fit
JejT any gasjet and will heat an ordinary size room.
To-Day
On every purchase of $1.00 or over there will he an additional
"Something Doing" toth oU™o unt Free
We now carry Children's School Books
and Utensils of All Kinds. The
Lowest Prices.
(Main Floor)
Tr/ Lunch , Ak% j Largest
5- finmrr* °r
in Our (Ik ALWAYS RELIABLE sf ore / n
..Cafe.. r MARKET&dQNES STS the West
i 1 1
AGED PIONEER
PASSES AWAY
IN SAN MATEO
SAN MATEO, Jan. 16—Thomas
Greer Walkington died at his home in
this city to-day after an illness of
about three weeks. He retained his
faculties until the end. His immediate
family were all present when the end
came, besides a number of personal
friends. Funeral services will be held
at the mortuary chapel of Cypress
Lawn Cemetery at 2 o'clock Wednes
day afternoon. By special desire of
the deceased the remains will be cre
mated. The pallbearers are to be
Thomas M. Alton. T. Cary Friedlander,
John W. Van Bergen. William Stauf,
C. R. Splivalo and Courtney Ford.
Walkington was born at Paterson,
N. J.. May 1, 1851. He came to Cali
fornia with his parents at the age of
fourteen and has ever since resided in
San Francisco and San Mateo. He be
gan his business life as a clerk, was
afterward purser on a coast steamboat
line and still later learned the ware
house business. This latter he made
his life work and for several years he
has conducted the Mission Bay ware
houses. He became one of the first
members of the old Produce Exchange
of San Francisco and was several times
a director. When it was merged into
the Merchants' Exchange he became
equally prominent in that organization.
Walkington was married on August 26.
18T6, to Miss Stella Jewell. They had
no children.
Artist Ludwig Dead.
VENICE, Jan. 16. —Gustav Ludwig,
the artist, is dead. He t acquired a
great reputation, especially through
his success in tracing throughout Eu
rope Carpaccio's pictures forming the
legend of the Virgin.
Death of Stockton Pioneer.
STOCKTON, Jan. 16. —Nathan T.
Root, who had been the secretary of
the Stockton Grange for seventeen
years, passed away this morning at
the age of 82 years. The deceased
was a native of Rochester, N. T., and
came to California in 1853.
THOMAS NUNAN DIES SUDDENLY.—
Thomas Nunan, an upholsterer. 75 years old.
residing at .1537 Twentieth street, died sud
denly yesterday morning while sitting in a
chair In front of the kitchen fire. Death was
due to natural causes.
MEN ENTOMBED
IN COAL MINE
Five Known to Be Dead and
Others in Danger From
Flames and Dense Smoke
DECATUR, 111.. Jan. 16.—Five for
eign born miners are known to be
dead and a score more miners are
entombed In a 600-foot coal mine shaft
near here. Rescuing parties have gone
Into the mine, but have been unable
to do anything on account of the dense
smoke. More than a score of rescuers
were cut off by the flames and held
prisoners.
DEATH ENDS TROUBLES
OF NOBLE MUSIC TEACHER
Count Vaillant de la Croix, Better
Known as Signor Bravura,
Dies in South.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 16.—Count Vail
lant de la Croix, a professor of music,
about 60 years of age, died at the Sis
ters' Hospital In this city to-day after
an illness of four months. De la Croix,
it is said, formerly was a well known
singer, his stage name being Signer
Bravura. Among his papers were
found recommendations from the Bos
ton Conservatory of Music, the Knick
erbocker Conservatory of New York
and other well known musical institu
tions where he had been employed as
instructor.
It Is stated by friends of the old
musician In this city that his family
is one of the oldest and most aristo
cratic in the nobility of France, his
mother being the former Princes*
Stephanie Borghesi of the Italian Bor
ghesi family.
Favor Arizona's Elimination.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 16. —By a vote
of 30 to 42, the Senate to-day decided
to consider the crosstown street rail
way bill for Washington, but the
measure soon gave place to the state
hood bill. That measure was dis
cussed for three hours by Simmons
and Heyburn. both of whom favored
the elimination of Arizona from the
bill.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
WIFE MURDERER
NOW ON TRIAL
Case of Lemuel D. Campbell
for Shooting Woman He
Swore to Protect Begins
SISTER HAS HYSTERICS
Panel of Jurors Is Exhausted
and Special Venire Is
Called to Complete List
Oakland Office San Francisco Calf,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 16.
The trial of Lemuel D. Campbell for
the murder of his wife, Laura J. W.
Campbell, on the night of November
12, was begun this morning before
Judge Ellsworth. The entire day was 1
spent in an effort to secure a jury and
the panel of thirty-five was exhausted
without attaining the required number.
A special venire of twelve has been
summoned for to-morrow morning.
Those already chosen to act are Jacob
Li. Tallman, Fre*d G. Welp. William
Landstaff, Henry Menges, E. L. Sar
gent, Theo, .Swift and John Barnet.
Campbell is twenty-five years of age
and his wife was still younger. They
had many quarrels and she Anally ob- |
tamed a divorce from him. On the i
day ;i final decree might have been
entered he called upon her at the
home of her parents at 1362 Eleventh
street in the evening and had a long
talk with her, asking her to come back
to him. This she refused to do. As
she was saying good night to him at
the door he shot her through the
breast, causing her death a few hours
later.
He is represented by Attorney A. L.
Frlck, who makes the plea for 'his
client that he was insane from drink
and worry. A distressing incident at
t< ndant upon the trial to-day occurred
when Mrs. William Rafetto, Camp
bill's sister, became hysterical and had
to be taken from the courtroom.
PLUNGES THROUGH SKYLIGHT
AND BREAKS HIS BACK
A. L. O'Brien Receives Fatal Injuries
While Working at the Arling
ton Hotel.
OAKLAND. Jan. 16. —A. L. O'Brien,
an electrician, residing at 1734 Eagle
avenue, Alameda, while working at
the Arlington Hotel, 474 Ninth street,
to-day fell through a skylight to the
ground floor three stories below,
breaking his back.
O'Brien was doing some wiring in
the hotel, and had gone to the roof.
In some way he missed his footing and
plunged through the skylight, falling
down the light well to the ground
floor. When he was picked up it was
found that hi« back was broken. He
was at once hurried to the Receiving
Hospital, where his Injuries were
treated. The surgeons at the hospi
tal fear that O'Brien's injuries will
prove fatal.
BUILDING INDUSTRIES
FORM CENTRAL BODY
Master Builders' Association and
Builders' Exchange of Alameda
*■ County Are Consolidated.
OAKLAND, Jan. 16.—The building
industries of Alameda County have
been consolidated under a single cen
tral body. The Builders' Exchange,
with headquarters at 1110% Broad
way, and the Master Builders' Asso
ciation, 425 Fifteenth street, have
united in the new organization, which
will be known as the Builders' Ex
change and will have its permanent
headquarters at 425 Fifteenth street.
Officers have been elected for the
ensuing year as follows:
President, H. McCullcugh; vice president, M.
Carroll; secretary, J. G. White; treasurer, C.
V.. Nichols; beard of directors —George Dixon,
Arthur Arlett, I). 3. Brehaut, B. E. Allyn, P.
11. Pinkerton, K. Nelson, E. S. Thompson, H.
McCullough, M. Carroll, J. G. White, C. E.
Nichols.
GOOD FELLOWSHIPS FOR
BRIGHT YOUNG STUDENTS
University of Chicago Asks Bene
ficiaries I-Yom This State for
Its Wealth.
BERKELEY, Jan. 16.—The uni
versity authorities have received
an inquiry from the University
of Chicago if there be among the Cal
ifornia University students some of
especial promise who *ould be recom
mended by the university for one or
nnother of the fellowships at the Chi
cago institution.
The University of Chicago offers
annually a large number of fellow
ships yielding stipends of from 1120
to $500. The total amount of such
scholarships at Chicago is now about
$20,000 a year. Applications for the
Chicago fellowships should be filed
not later than March 1. 1905. as the
appointments are made during the
first week in March.
MARRIAGE LICKN.SKS.-Oakland, Jan. 16
The following marriage licenses were issued
by the County Clerk to-day: John C. Conmv
over 21, and Annie Brady, over is, both or
ban .Walter B. Franklin, over 21
and Bessie McCord, over is, both of Oakland-
John L. Wingfie-d. 51. and Augusta L Mav
nard. 41 both of San Jose: Frank W. FreTtals
25. and Lucy E. Moore. 3a. both of OaWanrt
.lames D. Brownell, over 21. and Grace R
Meyer, over 18. both of San Francisco; Nels
J. Llndale, 30. and Jenny Swchn, 28, both of
Oakland.
S^TC'S^MJJLSfQN.
WHAT IS THERE
IN IT?
Scott's Emulsion is a care
ful blend of the purest cod
liver oil, hypophosphites of
lime and soda, glycerine and a
dash of flavoring. The com
bination of these valuable
ingredients emulsified as in
Scott's Emulsion represents
the greatest remedy }'et dis
covered for weak lungs, poor
blood, low vitality, child
weakness and all wasting
diseases.
We'll scad you a sample, tree
SCOTT & BOWNE, 409 Pearl Street, K«w Vert.
COMMISSIONERS
ARE APPOINTED
Theodore Gier, W. H. Weil
bye and Wilbur Walker to
Represent Alameda County
EXHIBIT AT PORTLAND
Supervisors Authorize Dis
play of Products at the
Lewis and Clark Exposition
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 16.
Theodore Gier, W. H. Weilbye and
Wilbur Walker, who represented Ala
meda County at the World's Fair in
St. Louis, were appointed by the Board
of Supervisors to-day as commission
ers to the Lewis and Clark Exposi
tion, at Portland, Ore., next summer.
Great interest Is being shown in the
coming exposition and Alameda Coun
ty will have practically the same ex
hibit there as it had at St. Louis.
The commissioners will not receive
any compensation for their work, but
will be allowed their actual expenses.
They will select and maintain an ex
hibit of the products and resources of
Alameda County, and will distribute
literature descriptive of its progress
and advantages to visitors at the ex
position.
A monthly report will be made un
der oath by the commissioners to the
Board of Supervisors of all expendi
ture and receipts, together with all
original vouchers. The success met
with by the Alameda County Commis
sioners in the county exhibit at St.
Louis has led to their reappointment
for the Portland commission.
GOSSIP ABOUT
THE AFFAIRS
OF SMART SET
BY ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE.
OAKLAND, Jan. 16.—Every winter a few
members of Oakland's smart set take up tem
porary headquarters in San Francisco, but for
some reason the exodus has been unusually
great this year. Many have taken their goods
and chattels, and gone over the bay to reside
permanently, and in every instance Oakland
ha* been the loser, for they have been among
our most lavish entertainers. Perhaps that ac
counts for the dearth of important social func
tions lately.
Small card parties and informal teas keep
our social life stirring to a certain extent, but
of all the beautiful homes here that afford
ample scope for brilliant and memorable affairs
there are very few that throw open their doors
in the hospitable fashion of former days.
The Country Club is doing considerable just
new to revive a commendable social spirit,
nearly every day witnessing a dinner-dance or
some other form of entertainment in the ele
gant clubrooms in Claremont. Even the F. M.
Smiths, with one of the most beautiful homes
in Oakland, followed the fashion of the hour
Saturday evening and gave an elaborate dinner
at the Country Club. Their guests of honor
were Mrs. Harold Mason and daughters. Misses
Winifred and Mabel Mason, of Sausalito.
By the by, the subscription dance that was
to have taken place at the Country Club on
the 20th has been postponed to the 25th, as
the first mentioned date would have conflicted
with the Friday Night Cotillon. Nearly all of
the dancing act belong to the Friday Night
Club.
• * •
Among the latest to contemplate the desert
ing of the village cf oaks ror the gayer life of
the metropolis are the Willard Williamsons.
They are planning to leave this week for a
temporary residence on Washington street,
pending the completion of the home they are
building out near the Presidio. Their going
will be a distinct loss to the local smart set,
tor Mrs. Williamson Is not only one of the
most beautiful young matrons In society, but
her unfailing graclbusness and vivacious charm
have made her an acquisition to every social
function. She has been a frequent entertainer
and is an Ideal hostess.
Last Friday afternoon Mrs. Williamson waa
the guest at an informal "4 o'clock" given by
Miss Maud Edith Pope, who has been enter
taining considerably of late.
Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Miles have also Joined
the ranks of deserters, and hereafter will be
found domiciled at the Luxor, In San Francisco,
where Mrs. Miles will be ready to see her
friends every first Thursday. It was hoped at
first that Mr. and Mrs. Miles had gone for the
winter only, but the Montell Taylors have pur
chased therr artistic little Webster-street home,
so It looks aa If they had made up their minus
to stay.
• • •
This season seems to be a very lucky One for
Mr. and Mrs. Fred B. Dallam. Several times
since the winter began the social columns have
recorded them as'being prise winners and now
we hear of their good fuck again. The little
500 club of which they are members was en
tertained by Mrs. Churchill Taylor last week
and the two handsome prizes were won by
Mr. and Mrs. Dallam.
• • •
A romantic engagement has Just been an
nounced that is of interest not only in prom
inent Jewish clrclea. but generally, as the
principals are well known here and in San
Francisco and Sacramento as well. The en
gagement is that of Frederick Kahn of the
well known firm of Kahn Brothers and Miss
Helen Lavenson. The bride is a sister of A.
S Lavenson. vice president ot the H. C. Cap
well Company. The Lavensons are a large
and highly esteemed family and their many
friends will learn with pleasure of Miss
Lavenson's approaching happiness, for Mr.
Kahn is not only popular as a merchant bot Is
said to be a "fine fellow."
The affianced pair met under distressing
circumstances while traveling in Europe. Miss
Lavenson was suddenly bereaved by the death
of her mother while in Frankfort, and as Mr.
Kahn and his sister. Mrs. Zeimer. were there
at the time, they promptly took charge of the
orphaned girl. The warm friendship that
began then wtll soon culminate In the mar
riage of the couple.
Mrs. Henry A. Melvin will be hostess at
the meeting of a 600 club next Wednesday.
• • •
Miss Jean Clift entertained a card club at
htr home on San Pablo avenue to-day.
see
Mrs William* Hamilton Morrison entertained
a merry party of friends to-day to say good-by
to Miss Mahony, who leaves soon for Santa ,
Barbara.
• • •
Mrs. Oscar Lunlng is planning a pretty af
ternoon aifalr for next Thursday in honor of
Mifs Sallle Worley, whdse engagement was
one of the pleasant surprises of last week.
Funeral of Mrs. Huff.
SAN LEANDRO, Jan. 16.—The fu
neral of Mrs. Amelia Huff, wife of Soc
rates Huff, the president of the Bank
of San Leandro, who died last Satur
day, was held to-day from the family
residence on Estudillo avenue, the ser
vices being conducted by the Rev.
William M. Jones, pastor of the First
Unitarian Church of Oakland. The
funeral was one of the largest ever
held in San Leandro and was attend
ed by friends of the family from all
parts of Alameda County. Interment
was at Mountain View Cemetery.
Coal Crushes Man.
OAKLAND, Jan. 16.—John Salaa of
829 Myrtle street was badly Injured
on the ship "Wellington this afternoon
by the emptying of a bucket of coal
upon his head from a height of fifty
feet. Several of his ribs are broken
and he has Internal Injuries which
may caiuse his death. The bucket
emptied prematurely as It reached
the boom of the ship, the c oal falling
back into the hold upon Salsa. M.
Amaral was also struck, but was not
severely injured.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 17. 1905.
LIVES ON CHARITY AND DIES LEAVING
A SNUG ESTATE.
MARGARET DUNN LEADS
A LIFE OF PRETENSE
County Wants Back Gifts
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 16.
Margaret Dunn, who was given help
from the county indigent fund for
years and who died at the County In
firmary a few weeks ago as a pauper,
possessed property worth several thou
sand dollars, knowledge of which she
had concealed for years from those
upon whom she drew for relief. Dis
closures concerning the true state of
the aged woman's affairs were made
to-day to the Board of Supervisors.
Suit has been ordered brought against
the uncovered estate to recover the
amount that the county had given to
the woman during her lifetime.
More than seventy years old and In
appearance abjectly poverty-stricken,
the old woman operated successfully
for years among the charitably dis
posed persons whom she had Interested
in her piteous appeals for aid. Officials
and the benevolent contributed to her
support. She eked out her miserable
existence in a squalid hovel at Sixth
and West streets, from which she made
READY TO BURN
MIDNIGHT OIL
University Students Resume
Studies After Four Weeks
of Holiday Pleasuring
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, Jan. 16.
After a vacation of four weeks more
than 2000 students of the State Unl
versity returned to their studies to-day,
when the spring semester work was be
gun. Throughout the day the old stu
dents registered at the Harmon Gym
nasium, While new students were taken
care of at South Hall by Recorder Sut
ton and his assistants.
A tax of $2 was put upon all those
who registered after the limit set, this
being imposed as a means of reducing
the number of those who habitually de
j.y their registration.
During this week the Carnot debat
ing team try-outs will be held. The
candidates will meet at Stiles Hall to
morrow night. The question will be
posted on the North Hall bulletin
board at 5:45 o'clock. Should there be
sufficient entries a final try-out is to
be held next Friday evening at Stiles
Hall.
The Regents' committee on grounds
and buildings will meet to-morrow at
noon at the faculty clubhouse.
A meeting of the executive commit
tee of the Associated Students is to be
held to-morrow evening at the Abraca
dabra house.
Miss Ruth Rouse of England will ad
dress the Y. W. C. A. of the Univer
sity to-morrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock at Stiles Hall.
Military instruction will be resumed
next Wednesday, with Captain J. T.
Nance in charge of classes and drill
work.
The university meeting on Friday
morning will be addressed by several
notable speakers, whose names have
not yet been announced.
The Y. W. C. A. will give a reception
to Miss Ruth Rouse, assistant secre
tary of the World's Christian Student
Federation, at 4:15 o'clock on Friday
afternoon at Stiles Hall.
The German lectures by Rev. M. On
geeth will be continued on Sunday
mornings at Stiles Hall. The half-hour
of music in the Greek Theater is not
to be resumed until January 29. Events
scrfeduled in the interim are the sopho
more hop and the meeting of the inter
collegiate committee on January 27.
SCULPTRESS WILL EDIT
NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE
Miss Gertrude Boyle Temporarily
Abandons Her Art to Do
Literary Work.
Miss Gertrude Boyle, the well
known sculptress, has turned editor.
Under her supervision a monthly
magazine called Ability will soon be
put on the market. Miss Boyle does
not intend to abandon her art alto
gether, but will put most of her en
ergy into the proposed publication.
The intention of the editor is to
bring to the front ability—latent and
otherwise. Regarding the project
Miss Boyle says: ,
I find that the physical strain in connection
with my modeling, in the forming of my
thoughts into clay, is too much for me, and. i
now purpose to use another medium of expres
sion. I do not Intend to drop completely the
work that I have devoted so much time to and
that I love so well, but simply to real awhile
from It. going back with keener desire and
greater strength by this diversion from the
physical to the mental. %
CELEBRATE REQUIEM MASS
FOR THE LATE FATHER KING
OAKLAND. Jan. 16.—Memorial
services were held at 10 a. m. to-day
at St. Mary's Church of the Immacu
late Conception for the late Rev.
Michael King, who was the founder of
the church and parish. The services
were attended by many who had
known Father King during his long
life as a priest. Among those were
thirty members of the Catholic clergy.
High requiem mass was celebrated
by the Rev. Father F. X. Morrison, as
sisted by Fathers Canttllion, Nolan
and Cranwell. The sermon was
preached by Father Serda, pastor of
Sacred Heart Church, and absolution
was pronounced by the Right Rev.
Archbishop Montgomery.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. January 16.
Stmr Santa Crux, Alberta. 72 hours from
San Pedro and way ports.
Stmr Arse, Dunham, 88 hours from Eel
River.
SAITJRD.
Monday, January 16.
'Stmr Geo. Loomis, Badger, .
Stmr Rainier. Hansen. Bellingham.
DOMESTIC PORT.
, ABERDEEN—SaiIed Jan 16—Schr Oceania
Vance, for San Franciaco; achr Henry Wilson,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 16—Stmr G. C. Lindauer, hence
Jan 12; achr E. B. Jackson, heace Jaa 10.
her campaigns upon the purses of the
philanthropic.
It was discovered to-day that Albert
Schmidt, a real estate broker at 1122
Thirteenth avenue, had charge of the
woman's property and was her author
ized agent. Schmidt had learned of
his client'B death, but was uninformed
concerning the circumstances.
Mrs. Dunn, it Is said, owned not only
real estate, but had a fair-sized bank
account. The Associated Charities had
cognizance of her real financial condi
tion, but had been unable to convince
those they warned. Mrs. Dunn main
tained herself in such a wretched way
that individuals who visited her after
examining her surroundings refused to
be convinced that she was an impostor.
Public Administrator George Gray
has taken charge of Mrs. Dunn's estate.
Supervisor Rowe, who called the Su
pervisors' attention to the facts, will
cojlect the data necessary to prepare a
claim against the estate. It is esti
mated that the county bore a large
share of Mrs. Dunn's living expenses
during the last six years of her life.
EXPIRES AFTER
BRAVE BATTLE
William Fife Races With
Death From Goldfield to
Alameda, Only to Succumb
ALAMEDA, Jan. 16.—William Fife,
father-in-law of Congressman Joseph
R. Knowland, died at the residence of
the latter this afternoon from pneu
monia after making a brave race with
death from Ooldfield to Alameda. He
was stricken with the dread disease
last week in the Nevada mining town
and was brought to this city in care of
his son, Walter Fife, and a Goldfield
physician, the party arriving here Sat
urday morning. The patient was then
weak and unconscious, but his consti
tution made a determined struggle.
When the end came to-day two of Mr.
Fife's children. Walter Fife and Mrs.
Ellen Knowland, were with him.
William Fife was born in Canada
72 years ago. For many years he was
the manager of Fife's Hotel in Ta
coma. He went from the latter place
some weeks ago to Ooldfield, where he
was interested in several mining ven
tures. Besides the son and daughter,
who were at his deathbed. Mr. Fife
leaves a wife and two other children,
Colonel William Fife of Los Angeles
and Mrs. J. W. Smith of Tacoma. His
remains will leave here to-morrow
evening for Tacoma, where the inter
ment will be conducted under the
auspices of the Masonic Lodge, of
which the deceased was a member.
Walter Fife, with Mrs. J. R. Knowland
and her two children, will accompany
the body north.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
REAPPOINT GAME WARDEN. —Oakland,
Jan. 16.—The Board of Supervisors to-day re
appointed A. S. MaeDougall to be Fish and
Game Warden.
THIEF STEALS CHILDREN'S SAVINGS.—
Oakland, Jan. 16.—Fred Wort-all's residence,
555 Jones street, was entered fast night by a
mean burglar, who stole two children's banks,
containing a little hoard of money.
CHASES BURGLAR WITH SHOTGUN.—
Oakland, Jan. 16. —Ben O. Johnßon, residing
at 1741 Myrtle street, was awakened last
night by a burglar, who tried to enter the
house. Johnson pursued the Intruder and
tried to shoot him with a shotgun, but did not
get near enough to fire.
TALK ON COLONIAL DAMES.—Alameda,
Jan. 16. —Superior Judge John Hunt of San
Francisco will deliver a talk on "Colonial
Dames" at the ladies' night programme to be
given by the Unitarian Club Wednesday night.
Vocal numbers will be rendered by the Knick
erbocker Club quartet.
TO FORECLOSE MORTGAGE.—OakIand,
Jan. 16.—Suit was begun to-day by the Con
tinental Building and Loan Association against
the executors of the estate of the late Olaf
Krickson and his wife to foreclose a mortgage
of $1100 on property In Alameda at Railroad
avenue and Walnut street.
SENT TO ASYLUM.—Oakland, Jan. 16.—
Mrs. Susan J. Woodford, 74 years of age, was
committed to the insane asylum at Stockton
to-day. She has been In an asylum before,
but of late has been troubled by the fact that
ber son, B. L. Woodford, has been charged
with embezzlement In San Francisco.
BOYS HELD FOR BURGLARY. —Oakland,
Jan. 16.—Charles Marshall, George Audet and
Elmer Sllva, boys, have been held for trial on
charges of burglary. They are accused of
plundering the Lafayette school, also, some
shops' and churches, stealing stuff that could
be disposed of at second-hand places.
DEATH SUMMONS CAPTAIN BROWN.—
Oakland, Jan. 16. —Captain Leonard D. Brown,
aged 70 years, died yesterday at his home,
1220 Castro street. The deceased was a re
tired mariner, and was well known in thin
city, where he had resided for nearly thirty
yeara. The funeral will be held to-morrow.
TO USE EXCESS SCHOOL. FUNDS.—The
members of the Board of Education yester
day held a conference with Auditor Baehr and
thb Supervisors' Finance Committee relative to
the use of excess school funds to 'be received
from the State for the building of the new
four-room Bergerot schoolhouses and for other
purposes. Baehr decided to look up the law
in the'case before giving his consent to the
proposition.
WK9t AimmmgßMEinß.
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
TIM ORIGINAL remedy that "kills the Dmdratf (tors*."
THE HERPICIDE HABIT
an« »a*w%»BXJ*erss» ..»««—- gam tSt trow* to popularity. DtUffMs the
Careful people now consider It a duty to om » todtosby Msg the halt teMasd fluty m»4 by
quality and exquisite fragrance of Newbre's Herp- alrsjoo. Stops Itching instantly.
GOING-1 GONE, Ml
Br* Sttru, $100. SeaS 10e„ Or*., *» HEIMCIK SC. kpl I, fJetftfl. McL, tor • utf*. /
AwraaoATioirs at ymoMmnjiT ba*bjb» shops.
PRIMARY LAW
IS HELD SOUND
Effort Made by Socialists to
Stop Calling Election Un
der Present Act Fails
INJUNCTION IS DENIED
Judge Holds That Provisions
Are General and Ap
ply Alike to All Parties
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 16.
The constitutionality of the primary
election law was upheld by Judge
Henry A. Melvin in a decision handed
down to-day in the case of M. Lesser,
representing the Socialist party, against
the City Council, In whir/h Lesser asked
for an injunction to restrain the city
officials from calling a primary election
for the 31st of the present month, on
three grounds: First, that secrecy
in voting is not preserved; second, that
the law arbitrarily classifies voters and
discriminates between classes; third,
because it destroys the right of self
preservation of political parties and
impairs the rights of citizens to assem
ble together and instruct their repre
sentatives.
Judge Melvin spoke thus:
The law has given the Legislature very ex
tensive powers in relation ti> tlie passage of
laws governing primary elections, particularly
In the matter of "tests and conditions" upon
which electors, political parties or organizations
cf voters may participate in any primary elec
tion.
Counsel say that the members of a party
advocating unpopular doctrines might thus be
subjected to persecution by those holding an
tagonistic theories, and that such persecution
would be made easy because the roster of those
voting at a primary election is a public docu
ment, ot which certified copies may be obtained
by any one.
In all ages men have been injured mora or
less by those whose ill will arises from politi
cal differences. It Is clear to me, however,
that the requirement for the declaration of
one's political faith, being general in Its appli
cation to all voters, is In accordance with the
provision of the constitution applicable to such
elections.
Upon this finding the demurrer of
City Attorney McElroy, appearing for
the City Council, was sustained and the
petition for the writ denied.
CITY TO VOTE
ON WATER PLAN
Ordinance for Bond Election
on March 11 Is Passed to
Print by Oakland Council
Oakland Office Saa Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 18.
The City Council to-night passed to
print by unanimous vote an ordinance
calling the bond election for the sub
mission of the Bay Cities Water Com
pany's municipal water supply project
for Saturday, March 11, two days be
fore the city municipal election. The
ordinance calls for the issuance of
bonds for $5,700,000 to purchase the
proposed water supply and equipment
at $3,750,000 with $1,950,000 for a dis
tributing system in the city. The
bonds are to be serials, running for
f6rty years, with interest at 4 per cent.
Before the ordinance was read. At
torney R. M. Fitzgerald for the Bay
Cities Company announced that the
corporation would agree further to
safeguard the city against adverse
claims by giving a bond in the full
amount of the payment for the works,
or it would agree to place In escrow
all payments from the city until the
plant should be complete and deliv
ered to the city, free and clear of all
Incumbrance.
"In short the company," Fitzgerald
said, "will arrange so the city cannot
possibly lose a dollar if the company
does not fill its agreement."
A communication from the company
covering this matter was filed with the
Council. Councilman Howard in vot
ing for the passage to print of the
ordinance said:
"As a Councilman I shall vote for
this ordinance because it will cost no
more to pass It up to the people than
not to do so under the agreement
with the company. Secondly, I think
the people want an opportunity to vote
on this proposition. But as a private
citizen, I shall vote against the Bay
Cities proposition because I think it
is immature and indefinite, and I be
lieve the action of the Council Is not
well considered and is not business
like."
Councilman Howard added that he
made this explanation of his vote in
order to be consistent with his dec
larations last week on the municipal
water question. Howard read a pa
per advocating the establishment of a
municipal salt water pumping plant
for street sprinkling purposes, and for
fire protection in the business district.
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE TO MEET.—
The annual meeting ot the Chamber of Com
merce of San Francisco will be held to-day in
the new quarters of the chamber in the Mer
chants' Exchange building. In addition to
the regular annual reports a report will be
received from William M. Bunker, the repre
sentative of the chamber at Washington, D. C.
THE ALASKAN COAST.—Charles KeeJer
delivered an Instructive and graphlo lecture
last night at the Academy of Sciences on
"The Alaskan Coast." He gave descrlpUons
of the scenery, forests and mountains and the
native races.
VINE EXPERT
BACK FOR TOIL
[ Professor Bioletti Returns
From Three Years of Ar
duous Study in New Lamb
HAS ACHIEVED HONORS
- ■" ' ♦
Results of Experiments in
Africa and Europe to Be
Used on California. Vines
Berkeley office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, Jan. 16.
After three years of study and ex
perimenting in South Africa and
Europe, Professor Frederick T. Bio
letti returned to-day to the University
of California, to occupy an important
position wherein his work is expected
to be of great value to the viticuliural
interests of the State.
Professor Bioletti is to be professor
of viticulture. Although he is official
ly referred to as an "assistant profes
sor" he is practically supreme In his
department, as he has neither superior
nor associate in his particular field. He
is to apply the results of three years*
work abroad to the solving of prob
lems that affect the wine and grape
industry of California, and is to have
free rein'in making use of knowledge
gained in foreign countries.
The friction that was feared might
follow Professor Bioletti's return to
the university, because of Professor
Twighfs objection to Bioletti's taking
equal rank in the same department
with him, has been obviated by Pro
fessor Twight's decision to remain
with the university, but to assume the
title of lecturer in the department, be
ing independent of Professor Bioletti
or any other instructor.
Bioletti's advancement in his field is
looked upon by observers as phenom
enally rapid. Three years ago he
left a position here where he was rated
as merely an instructor", an inferior po
sition, to accept a* Government place
as chemist and vlticultural expert in
South Africa. He served in Africa
with distinction, producing valuable
results and earning a name and repu
tation that was considered enviable.
His recall to the University of Cali
fornia came last summer, when he
was offered the place and rank of an
assistant professor with salary and
powers correspondingly Increased. He
accepted the offer, with the proviso
that he be permitted to spend three
months before his return to this coun
try in study of viticultural conditions
in Algeria and Southern Europe. The
permission was granted, and it is from
these fields that Professor Bioletti has
just come.
He says that methods of winemakers
in Europe have been signally changed
during the last few years, notably by
the use of cultures of pure yeast In the
making of wine. Professor Bioletti
•ays that many of the diseases hither
to regarded as incurable have been
treated with success by the modern
"doctors of vines" In Europe, and that
he hopes to utilize what he has learned
of their methods,, in this State, for
the benefit of California winemakers
and vineyardlsts.
Professor Bioletti's specialty when
at the university in other days was
olive culture, and this branch of the
Agricultural College's work which has
not been so enthusiastically prosecuted
since his departure is expected to be
revived with his return.
Picture Frames
And an immense variety of mouldings
for framing pictures to order; also ready
made frames in all the new shapes and
every tint and color of mat boards and
binding papers made. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
PERSONAL.
Attorney F. D. Nlcol of Stockton Is at
the Lick.
F. L. Caughey, a Ukiah merchant, la
at the Lick.
Clement Calne of Sydney, Australia,
is at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. J. V. Harrison are stay
ing at the Occidental.
W. A. Junker of Paso Robles arrived
at the Palace last night.
Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Brown of Wal
tham, Mass., are at the Palace.
H. Malloch, manager of the Mary Se
ville woolen mills, Is at the Grand.
George Jessen, a well-known Watson
ville business is at the Grand.
George W. Peltier, a prominent resi
dent of Sacramento, is at the Palace.
Dr. E. H. Smith and wife of Boston
are among the latest arrivals at the
Palace.
Joseph F. Balmer, a capitalist of New
York, and his family are guests at the
Palace.
J. W. Forgeus, who is interested In
several enterprises in Santa Cruz, Is
registered at the Lick.
Melvin P. Dalton, a Denver mining
man, arrived from New York yesterday
and is staying at the St. Francis.
Sir G. Prescott, who has been so
journing at Burlingame for several
weeks, Is registered at the St. Francis.
E. D. Foote and J. H. O'Neile of New
York, who are connected with a big
Eastern cigar company, arrived at the
St. Francis yesterday.
James H. Follis, the well-known
young capitalist, who haff been visiting
his quicksilver mines near Paso Robles,
returned to this city yesterday.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.—The fol
lowing Californians arrived here to
day:
At the New Willard—Charles P.
Braslaw of San Jose, Charles A.
Moody of Los Angeles. At the Ral
eigh—J. W. Ellsworth and P. B. Vroo
man of San Francisco: H. K. Wheeler
and wife of Los Angeles.
Civil Service Examination.
The United States Civil Service Com*
mission announces an examination at
San Francisco February 14 and at
Los Angeles February 16 for male
stenographers and typewriters in the
United States and Philippine services.
Age limits. 18 years or over for the
United States service and 18 to 40
years In the Philippine service on the
day of the examination. The number
of male eligibles for this position has
always been insufficient to meet the
needs of the service. Entrance sal
ary, departmental service, $840 to
$1200; Philippine service, $1200 to
$1400 per annum. Apply to the United
States Civil Service Commission.
Washington, D. C., or to the Board of
Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jackson
street, San Francisco, for form 304 for
the United States service and form 2
for the Philippine service. Applicants
• may apply for both services.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
• OAKLAND.
1010 Broadway.
Telephone Maui 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North ff.
ALAMEDA.
1485 Park Street.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda' County.
MONDAY. JANUARY 1*.
Eleanor L. and W. B. Knapp to Lena H.
I Warner, E S6 feet of lota 11 and 12. block 9.
i McGee Tract, portion of Flat 07. etc (record-
I ed January 14). Berkeley; $10.
O. L, Shatter Estate Company (corporation)
I to Ruth Miller (widow), lot on E Una ot
Alice street, 150 N from S Una ot property of
O. 1* Shatter Estate company, N 4o by 8
128.94 (recorded January 14, 1905). Oakland,
Patrick M. Anderson (single) to* George w.
| Hughes, lot 8, block.ft, map of property o«
L. M. Beaudry and G. Peladeau (recorded
January 14, 1806), Oakland: $10.
Peter and Jeannle M. Calou (wife) to Js*a
Calou, undivided one-half interest In lot on
I W line of West street, 112 S of Alden ot
Twanty-nlnth, S 56 by W 140. lota 8 and ft.
block A, map Henry subdivision of Whltcher
it Brockhurst and Roland Tracts. Oakland;
also lot on N line of Alden or Twenty-ninth
street, 190 E of West, E 50 by N 280, lota >
8, 31 and 32. block C, same map. Oakland; $10.
Pioneer Realty Company (corporation) to
Ruth Scott Brlggs, lots 5 to a block J, tad
lots 40. 62, block A, map Broadway
Oakland; S10.
! Frederick H. and Anna L. Clark (wife) to
'. J. B. Campbell (femme sole), lot beginning
at point on line dividing Plats 20 and 21. dis
tant SW 565.87 from S>W line of L?e street,
as per map 1 Adams Point property, thence
SW 50 by SE 135, portion of aforesaid Plat
21. map Kanchoa V. and D. Peralta, Oakland.
$10.
Albert D. and Annie Evans (wife) to Mary
C. Helm* (wife of C. E.>, lot on N line of
Russell street. 80 E of Lowell. E 40, N 125.26.
W 40. S 127.59, lot H. block 29. map, resubdl
vision portion block 29 of Smith's subdivision
of Mathews Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Irvga T. and Andreas O. Waaland or Waalend
to Antonio Jose de Almeida, lot on NW corner
of Jones and Sixth atreets. N 60 by W 130. be
ins S half of lots 18 to 22, block 48, tract B,
Herkeky Land and Town improvement Asso
ciation, Berkeley; $525.
The Brugulere Company (a corporation) te
J. A. and Annie M Nesbit (wife), lot on SW
line of Washington street, 96 NW of Fremont
avenue. NW 30 by SW 125, portion lot IS, block
8, map subdivision Nli portion Sather Tract,
Frultvale, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Joseph Westall to Joseph Unger. lots 14 to 17,
block F. Laurel Grove Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Thomas S. and Elizabeth Schalich (wife) to
Marie Cuda (widow) lot on W line of Sherman
(St. George) street. 170.75 8 of Pacific avenue,
S 33.2 by W 150. Alameda; $10.
Anno C. Newborn (Ground) (formerly wife of
William T. Ground) to Henry N. Beatty, lot
on S line of Bucna Vista avenue, 273: 11 W ot
St. Charles street. S 160 by W 35:6, portion
lots 10 and 11, block L, map property Colum
bus Bartlett near Mastlck station, Alameda;
$10.
Louis J. and Eda Davids (wife) to Julia B.
Duke (widow), lot on NW corner of Third and
Castro streets, W 75 hy N 75. lots 20 to 22,
block 25. Kellirsberger's map. Oakland; $10.
Aide V. von Liben SeK twite P. J ) to M.
F. Spencer (wife of P. H.) lot on W line of
Union street. 162 S of Sixteenth, S 33 by W
115. block 585. map redivision blocks 584. 585,
601, 188 and 580 A. Oakland; $10.
Edward P. Flint (single) to L. O. Burpee,
SE 40 feet of lot 6. alSM lot .". and NW 10 feet
of lot 4, block K. map of Flint Tract No. 2,
portion of Oakland Heights, l »ukland; $10.
Same to Clara Famo (widow) SE 40
of lot 4 and NW 10 feet of lot' 5. block K,
same map: $10.
Joseph H. Hearn to William Hearn. 23:3
Of E part of lot 5. block B. Oakland P rat
homestead 'Iract. Oakland; *10.
.Janu's Mclntyre to A. J. Tait, lot beginnings,
at a point on line dividing lands formerly of
William Barry and William Wjttland. block
392, said dividing line being at present date
N boundary line of property of James Mi -
Intyre. distant E of Campbell strset,
E 25. S 49. W 15. N 49. Oakland; $10.
Abbie B. and George W. Fisher (husband)
to W. B. Standeford. lot on W line of Webster
street, 136 N of Fourteenth. N 55 by W 150.
portion of lot 22. map of Lander and Casserly
tracts. Oakland; $10.
J. H. T. and Henrietta Watkinson to J. W.
and Annie Llndberg (wife), lot 82, block D,
map of Central Oakland Tract No. 2. Oakland;
$10.
A. de Leo de Laguna to Anita F. de La
funa (daughter), lot on N Una of Elm or
Twenty-fourth street. 185 W of Telegraph
avenue, N 135 by W 65, first party reserves
life estate, Oakland; gift.
Same to same, lot on N line of Elm (or
Twenty-fourth) street, 142 W of Telegraph
avenue, W 100. W 3, N $6, W 40. 8 135, B 4.1
to beginning, block O, Kelsey Tract; Oakland;
also lot on S line of Elm (or Twenty-fourth)
street. 126 W of Telegraph avenue, 8 145, W
195, S 142. E 190, bloek P. same, first party
reserves life estate, Oakland; gift.
E. S. and Margaret Angel (wife) to Edwin
Stubbs. lot on SE line of Lewis avenue 265
NE of Prospect street, NE 75 by SB 125", lot
9 and portion of lot 8, block 6, map of East
Oakland Heights. East Oakland; $10.
A. Em ilea and C. S. Oisen (husband) to
Comley H. and Ingeburg E. Crandall (wife),
lot on W corner of East Tenth street and
Park way. NW 60 by SW 30. lot 11, block 11
map of Badger's subdivision of block 11, Clin
ton. East Oakland; $10.
M. L. and Rebecca Wurta (wife) to Wit
helm end Rosa Neuhaus. lot on B line of
Magee avenue, 100 N of Oregon street, N 83
by E 120 portion of lot 6, block 6, State Uni
versity Homestead Association No. 3, Berks
ley; $10.
Louisa O"Toole (widow) to James Downey,
lot on W line of Shattuek avenue, 280 9 of
Eunice street, W 136 by 8 60. portion of lot 8
block 13, property of Berkeley Villa Associa
tion. Berkeley; $10.
H. J. Merritt (widow) to Baptisttne A. Men
denhall. lot on E line of Hlllegass avenue 200
N of Stuart street, N 60 by B 148, lot 17.
block B. Berry-Bangs Tract, Berkeley; 81600.
Mrs. H. (or Hannah) Lopez to Louisa Oritri
shaw (wife of George), lot on S line of Dels
ware street. 343.88 E of San Pablo arenue, B
68.81. 8 204.60. W 51.80. N 204 to beginning,
lot 14, block B, Rooney Tract, Berkeley; gift.
Amos J. and Jennie L. Brothers to Zadle L.
Adams (wife of Daniel 8.). lot on N line of
Ashby avenue, 60 E of Lorlna street, B 30 by
N 100. portion of lot 2. block D. Adeline
Tract, Berkeley; $5.
Samuel Dellenbaugh (single) to L. L. Boon
r.ajer, lot 16, block B. amended map of Moss
Tract, Berkeley Township- $90O
Clara E. and Irving C. Lewis (husbandV and
(as attorney) J. W. Phillips to Otto A. Peter
sen, lot on NW corner of Washington and -
Bassett streets. W 60 by N 126. lots S3 and
84. map of Phillips resubdlvlston of block 773,
Levy Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Elolse H. Merriman (wife George M.) to
George M. Merriman (husband), lot on B line
of Lafayette street. 78 S of Pacific avenue, 3
37 by E 108, Alameda: gift.
DEMANDS A JTJRT TRlAL.—Oakland. Jan.
16. —Edwin P. Lea, a Telegraph-avenue shop
keeper, who was arrested by order of Mayor
Warren Olney on a charge of obstructing the
sidewalk, demanded a trial by Jury In the Po
lice Court when he was arraigned this morn
ing. Police Judge George Samuels set the case
for January 19. <
JUVENILES GIVEN FREEDOM.—Oak
land Jan. 16. —Tony Soares and Arthur
Fredericks, two youthful offenders, were lib
erated from the County Jail to-day by Judge
Ellsworth on the promise of friends to put
them to work and keep them out of town.
They robbed a baker's till and were charged
with burglary.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICK HEADACHE
——r~I Positively cared by
(* A DTT D Q »*»ese Little Pills.
If Mil I L l\o Ta*y also rellsre Dis
— ■■sin it tress Dyspepsia, In
*«j£PITTLE digestion and Too Hearty
■IVP II KatlE B- A perfect rem-
H tor Dizziness. Nausea.
I PILLS, drowsiness, Bad Taste
jpi " MB 111 MooUj. Coated
Tongue, Pain In the Side,
' 1 TORPID LIVER. They
regulate tbe Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE,
CUR* SICK rLEADACttfi.
Mittle Genuine Must Bear
I BILS Fac - Sinlile SigiutuwASKS FOR BIDS
ON BOND ISSUE
Board Invites Proposals on
: Securities to Pay for Cer
tain Public Improvements
SUSTAINS MAYOR'S VETO
Will Consider New Amended
V Ordinance to Permit Re
construction of Stables
.■"the ordinance providing for the sale
of a portion of the municipal bond is
sue aggregating $4,573,800 and invit
ing bids for their purchase on Mon
day,- February 20, was finally passed.
•The bonds offered for sale include
those for a new hospital, sewer sys-
new schools, street improvements
sfpd for the purchase of a oounty Jail
ejnd- additions to the Hall of Justice.
-The notice of the banking syndicate
"that, it desires to take up bonds for
the Golden Gate Park and Presidio
extension, Mission Park, library and
Children'a playground amounting to
.$1,474,800, upon which it had already
Sled- bids, was referred to the Finance
Committee, which is preparing a bill
providing for the numbering and
signing of the bonds that have been
purchased,
-. An expenditure of $10,000 was au
thorized to be made in payment to
H-. .5- Crocker, being the first payment
on its contract price of $16,500 to fur
bish 28,463 steel plate bonds.
.The joint Police, Electricity and
Health Committee considered the re
p«4Pt of Chairman d'Ancona awarding
the • contract for shoeing the horses
of the police, hospital and other
branches of the city government to
various bidders, but excluding the bid
of-Eddie Graney on the ground that
he. already had the contract for shoe
ing the horses of the Fire Depart
ment.
' Graney's attorney protested against
shutting out his client's bid, as his
price. of $2 50 per horse was the same
as.that of live others, whose bids were
recommended to be accepted. He de
clared that Ed Toy, whose bid was
5.*2;25, had rendered his proposal nug
atory by. withdrawing part of his
check, as he had too much on deposit,
and that Toy being outside of the
jinibn could not furnish the journey
men! - stamp. The attorney filed a
forriia.l protest against the acceptance
of. Toy's bid. The committee at this
point .decided to postpone action until
next. Monday.
'.-.Commissioner of Works Aigeltinger
filed.with the board an assignment to
oyrus I uinker of certain contracts
awarded, to the former on July 18,
J-9*4, .for the furnishing of hay, oats
aiid .straw to various municipal insti
t.Qt.ions. Aigeltinger says he has ac
cepted appointment as a member of
the. Board of Public Works and the
charter forbids his being Interested in
any: municipal contracts.
■•• 'A "number of demands for the re
turn of- protested taxes for schools
and" a hospital to various taxpayers
vyeie passed to print.
'•."The amended ordinance fixing the
widths of sidewalks on Elm avenue,
between Pierce and Scott streets, was
passed- to print.
: Grades were ordered changed on
FHventy-seventh street near Dolores.
':.-Street work was ordered done on
DUboce avenue, between Market and
Church streets; Eiehth avenue, be
rWeen 1 and J streets; Fiftenth street,
apposite Sharon; Lily avenue, between
Buchanan and Laguna streets; Lake
street, between Twenty-sixth and
[Twenty-seventh avenues; Wildey ave
nue', between Webster and Fillmore
struts: Ashbury street, near Faeder
irk•" and l>iir Oaks street, between
IVen.tV-tifth and Twenty-sixth.
\ l|he Hawthorne Club was granted
ah amateur boxing permit for Janu
ary:
Tihc Mayor's veto of an amended or
dinance permitting the reconstruction
or r< placing on its existing site of any
Fjtablo without the consent of adja
cent property owners being required
was sustained by a unianimous vote.
The Mayor assigned as his reason that
*he. } yoposed legislation could be ef
fected only by amending the ordi
nance reg-ulating the removal of build
ing*. ' .Another ordinance which is de
f)K : t>< d to permit the San Francisco
laundry to enlarge its stable on Fill
mi-ire street will be introduced and
■will be amendatory of the ordinance
fl escribed.
Spring Valley Water Company
was.directed to furnish a map show
ing; the location and sizes of its water
mains in the public streets.
'.-[ Ti,e claims of Labrucherie Bros, for
■$■.16-80, the value of certain cows con
fiscated by the health officials, and of
W. lelnple for $3000 damages caused
by a defective sewer in Mission street
Wfcre denied.
HAS CURIOUS EXPERIENCE
WITH SUPPOSED BURGLAR
W T . H. Desborough Discovers Youth
■ Picking Lock of Front Door
and Kicks Him Into Street.
:. W. H. Desborough, 610 Fillmore
street, had a curious experience with
ftv Supposed burglar on Sundav after
nop-n. About 2 o'clock Desborough's
attention was directed to a peculiar
noise at his front door and on look
ing- out of a window he saw a young
mkn attempting to pick the lock. Des
borough was too surprised to do any
thing and he allowed the young man
to'.walk away.
. 'Fhe young man returned in a few
minutes and again started to pick the
rock. Desborough ran downstairs and
quickly opened the front door. "What
do you want here?" he queried In an
angry tone. "How stupid of me," re
plied the youth; "I thought this was
my own house."
' ""Is that so?" said Desborough, as
he .'grabbed hold of the youth and,
turning him round, kicked him down
the front steps and into the street.
r ltho youth fled along Fillmore street,
ix-sl.orrtugh after thinking the mat
ter over went in search of a police
man, regretting his stupidity in allow
ing the burglar to escape.
• When a man comes from a little town
to n large cne, the people in the Utfe
t'ivr are never as sorry as Christians
pbould by if he fails.
POSTUM CEREAL.
Rich sense of comfort ■
when well made S
POSTUMI
hot, crisp, delicious, i
goes with the meal, 9
There's a reason. I
MINISTERS CALL
OFF CONVENTION
Committee Votes to Yield
Big Gathering Which Was
Won for San Francisco
MAY TIDE OVER TROUBLE
Dr. Case Pays Compliment to
the Legislature's Unusual
High Tone and Character
It may depend on the outcome of
an Interview to-day between the con
j vention committee of the Christian
Church and the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company's representatives
whether the promised big internation
al gathering shall take place In San
Francisco or some city In the East
next August.
It was decided by the committee
yesterday that in view of no reply
having been received to the letter sent
the Southern Pacific and Santa Fe
Railroad companies on January 9 rela
tive to reduced rates for the conven
| tlon, the ultimate decision of the com
| mittee will go into effect, which means
j the calling off of the International af
| fair so far as San Francisco is con
! cerned.
| The Rev. Walter M. White, D. D..
told the meeting that "their letter had
been ignored" and the question before
them was whether they had better not
throw ud all idea of holding the con
vention in San Francisco.
The doctor said that such a move on
his part and of his ministerial breth
ren would cost them great pain since
they had been battling to win the con
vention for San Francisco for the last
eight years even against strong oppo
sition in the East.
He held that the bringing of 8000 or
10.000 people to San Francisco meant
an immense benefit for the State, but
he-regretted that if they could not get
the rate which had been verbally
promised at St. Louis he could not ad
vise the holding of the convention here
for the reason that the greater part of
the people would not come unless the
rate was granted.
YIELD THE CONVENTION.
The Rev. F. A. Boyer of Oakland,
the Rev. E. W. Darst of Berkeley, the
Rev. P. C. Macfarlane of Alameda, the
Rev. Frank S. Ford and the Rev. Mr.
Berry of San Francisco were in ac
cord with the views of Dr. White and
It was unanimously resolved to wire
the Rev. B. L. Smith, secretary of the
Home Mission Society, Cincinnati,
Ohio, announcing that the committee
had resolved under the circumstances
to yield the convention.
Shortly after the close of the meet
ing the railroad officials were In com
munication with Dr. White and in
formed him that a letter had been
sent in answer to the one written by
the committee on January 9. The
doctor assured them that it had not
been received. Dr. White said that the
officials had requested an interview
with the convention committee,
quently he and Dean Van Kirk and
the Rev. Mr. Macfarlane will meet
James Horsburg Jr. and Charles S.
Fee of the Southern Pacific Company
sometime to-day.
The Merchants' Association, said
the doctor, had promised to do all in
its power to bring the convention to
San Francisco.
The question of betting on races and
the existence of poolrooms came be
fore the Methodist Ministers' Associa
tion yesterday. Dr. E. R. Dille sub
mitted the following resolution which
was unanimously carried:
WOULD STOP GAMBLING.
Whereas, A measure has been introduced by
Hen. R. H. E. into the California Legis
lature the effect of which will be to suppress
the Iniquitous race track and poolroom gam
bling, which is such a curse to our State.
Resolved, That we favor tlie passage of ths
above measure and urge our legislators to sup
port it to the end that this evil so damaging
to our commercial Interests and moral welfare
may be entirely done away with.
In the discussion which followed Dr.
W. W. Case said that the tone and
character of the Legislature were so
unusually high that he considered
there was a strong sentiment in favor
of the purport of the resolution.
Reference was made to the saloons
in the vicinity of the Presidio and it
was decided to include the matter of
their removal in the resolution.
The Rev. Henry A. Fisk addressed
the Presbyterian Ministers' Association
yesterday on the advance made by the
People's Place, Greenwich street, be
tween Powell and Mason streets. The
Baptist Ministers' Association was ad
dressed by the Rev. Robert Whltaker,
and the Rev. B. F. Sargent spoke be
fore the Congregational Ministers' As
sociation.
ROBINSON MURDERER
SOON TO BE TRIED HERE
Governor of Minnesota Agrees to Al
low Police to Take Alan Goucher
Before Sentence Expires.
Within the next three weeks Alan
Goucher, alias "Kid" Goucher. the
only one of the six thugs implicated
in the murder of Policeman Eugene
C. Robinson at Sixteenth and Valencia
streets on January 21, 1902, who has
not yet been tried, will be brought
here from the penitentiary at Stillwa
ter, Minn., to stand his trial. It was
only a few months ago that Chief
Wittmnn learned that Goucher was
serving a term in the Stillwater Peni
tentiary.
When Willi/am Henderson, one of
the thugs who turned State's evidence,
appeared before Judge Cook again
yesterday to be sentenced, District At
torney Byington said he had received
a communication from the Governor
of Minnesota that Goucher would be
pardoned so as to enable the authori
ties here to take him before the ex
piration of his term. The requisition
papers would be made out at once and
he exDected to have Goucher here
within the next three weeks.
Henderson, who has been detained
to give evidence at Goucher's trial,
withdrew all of his* former demands
for sentence to be passed upon him
and through his attorney asked for a
continuance till January 27, which was
granted. Detective Taylor will go to
Stillwater for Goucher as soon as the
requisition papers are ready.
Threatened Wife's Life.
Mrs. Louisa Graves, residing at 69
Tehama street, swore to a warrant
yesterday charging her husband with
threats against life. Graves and his
wife have been separated for some
time, and, according to the woman,
her life has been threatened several
times. Yesterday she told Judge Fritz
he came to her residence on Tehama
street and took away a 5-year-old
child. It is alleged that Graves re
marked to some of the neighbors that
he would dispose of the little one, as
he knew his wife cherished it. The
warrant was placed in the hands of
the police, but up to a late hour last
night neither husband nor child had
been located.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1905.
SLEUTH WILKIE
LANDS IN JAIL
Secret Service Agents Take
in a Private Detective
for False Representation
RECEIVES ADMONITION
He Is Cautioned Not to Use
Names of Federal Officials
Orally or on Stationery
C. H. Wilkie. general manager of
"The C. H. Wilkie Detective Service,"
was taken into custody yesterday aft
noon by United States Secret Service
Agents George W. Hazen and John
Cronin.
Wilkie's letterheads and cards repre
sented that the business was "conduct
ed on the system of the United States
Secret Service"; that it was established
in 1884; that C. H. Wilkie was its gen
eral manager, R. I* Holllday Its secre
tary and treasurer and R. P. Riley its
superintendent. Wilkie had been rep
resenting himself to be a cousin of
John E. Wilkie, chief of the Secret
Service Department of the United
States.
Agent Cronin called at the agency,
632 Market street, yesterday morning,
and introduced himself as being con
nected with the Los Angeles Traction
Company, and in search of a private
detective to watch certain persons in
Los Angeles. Wilkie told him that he
had been employed for six years in the
United States Secret Service and that
he was a cousin of Chief Wilkie. Agent
Hazen next had an interview with the
pretender, and received similar infor
mation. On being taken to Hazen's
office the detective admitted that his
representations as to being Chief Wil
kie's cousin, and as to having been six
years or six minutes in the United
States Secret Service were false. He
maintained that his name was Charles
Herbert Wilkie; that he had been en
gaged in Colorado with Colonel Wil
liam Cody (Buffalo Bill) in rounding up
cattle rustlers, and that he was doing
a legitimate business. He said that
he arrived here from Pittsburg two
months ago with $300. and rented the
office at 632 Market street for $11 per
month, but that all his money was
gone. The only client appearing on his
books was Judson C. Brusie, agent for
a fidelity and guarantee company, who
had engaged Wilkie at $6 per diem to
hunt up Gee Gew, a Chinese, for whom
the company had furnished bonds for
$5000, and who had disappeared. Mr.
Brusie had not paid anything up to
date.
Mr. Wilkie was handcuffed, his por
trait taken and his Bertillon data care
fully noted by Secret Service Agent
Thomas B. Foster. All the office sta
tionery mentioning the United States
Secret Service was seized and de
stroyed, and Wilkie was released, after
having been cautioned not to make
printed or oral representations involv
ing the United States Secret Service or
its august chief.
WILL CONTEST
IS SUCCESSFUL
Judge Kerrigan Decides in
Favor of the Nephew and
Niece of Mrs. Krzyanowski
A decision in favor of the nephew
and niece of Palagia Maria Kryzanow
ski, in their contest of that eccentric
woman's will, was rendered yesterday
by Judge Kerrigan, who has had the
case under advisement for several
weeks. The winners are Aloyzy Syl
vester Borkowski, who lives some
where in Poland, and his sister, An
tonina Borkowski Ogonowska of
Schenectady, N. Y. The lpsers are At
torney George H. Perry, to whom the
interest of Charles Rickman, the de
ceased beneficiary under the will, was
assigned, and Rickman's two sons,
who would have shared In the residue
after Perry had taken out his 25 per
cent.
The court was satisfied with the
proof of relationship of the niece and
nephew and judged from the evidence
that Madame Krzyanowski was incom
petent to make a will, when she signed
the testament leaving nearly all of her
$150,000 estate to Charles Rickman, a
pickle peddler. When the will was
made, the woman was hi a hospital,,
suffering from a paralytic stroke. She
died less than a month later.
Of the original $30,000 only about
$11,000 remains and there is another
obstacle in the way of its distribution
to the niece and nephew.* The Rick
man interests hold an assignment of
the rights of Marie Nightingale in the
estate and now that the will has been
broken, will try to prove that she Is
the daughter of the deceased and. her
heir at law. Under this claim of re
lationship Marie Nightingale filed a
contest against the will before it was
admitted to probate in February,
1903. The case was tried in Judge
Troutt's court, but before It was sub
mitted to the jury the alleged daugh
ter accepted $10,000 as a compromise
and assigned her interest to Rickman.
Perry received $1000 for his fees and
other allowances were made which re
duced the estate to its present propor
tions.
Witnesses in the trial of the case
testified that Madame Kryzanowski
claimed to belong to the nobility of
Poland. She was married three times
and her third husband was a general
in the civil war in this country. In
her latter days she lived in squalor, in
spite of her fortune.
BOTH PARTNERS DECLARE
THAT LOSS IS TRIVIAL
CoghlH * Kohn Are Reticent as to
Amount Taken by Herbert M.
Fortesque.
Both members of the firm of Coghill
& Kohn are reticent as to the amount
lost through the defalcation of Herbert
M. Fortesque, their former cashier.
George A. Kohn said that the loss was
trivial and had been made good. He
denied that he and the senior partner
were about to separate. Thomas B.
Coghill said:
The stories regarding the alleged embezzle
ment have been »o garbled as to be almost un
true After a consultation with Mr. Kohn to
day I have decided that It Is for the best not
to discuss the matter. The case Is more than
a year old. Much has been quoted as coming
from me that I have never said.
A New Art Gallery.
Our new art rooms scored a great suc
cess during the holiday season, and we
still have an immense variety of good
things attractively displayed in the
handsomest picture room this aide of
New York City. Inspection cordially ln
xlted. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st*
WILL DIMINISH
SCHOOL FUNDS
Proposed Legislative Bill Is
to Be Opposed by Super
visors and Local Teachers
SHOEING BIDS DISPUTED
Board Purchases Fifty More
Beds Urgently Needed at
City and County Hospital
School Superintendent Langdon offl-
I cially notified the Supervisors' Finance
I Committee yesterday that a bill which
; has been introduced in the State Leg
i islature fixing the State's apportlon
| ment to the school funds of the vari
| ous vounties would, if adopted, reduce
I the school revenue of this city from
j that source by $215,495. The bill pur
! ports to allow $300 yearly for each
! teacher in the State and the rest of
; the school income is based on the
j actual enrollment of pupils Instead of
! the school census as at present. Lang
j don said that a committee of three
I teachers had been appointed to urge
the Board of Supervisors, the Mer
chants' Association and other civic or
ganizations to oppose the measure.
"The bill does not accomplish the
purpose which Governor Pardee has
sought," said Supervisor D'Ancona,
"namely to add to the funds of out
lying school districts. It diminishes
the tax rate for school purposes, but
its effect will be to lessen the revenue
iof the San Francisco schools. I have
[ requested our clerk to prepare data
| for presentation to the Legislature as
! arguments against the passage of the
j bill."
"I understand that the San Fran-
I Cisco delegation will oppose the bill,
j as will also the legislators from a few
i other counties whose school income
' would be reduced," said Langdon.
i M. Regensburger appeared before
i the Finance Committee and urged the
i return of $201 license paid for the
j "Clneograph" from July 1, 1904, to
; July 1, 1905. Regensburger said the
' owner of the place had been refused a
permit by the Board of Public Works
\ and had closed it on January 1. Tax
Collector Smith reported that the sum
i of $2211 had been paid in advance for
I licenses by eleven theaters to which
1 refusal had been made because they
;do not comply with the theater ordi
nance and which are now operating
! without licenses, although the money
I therefor had been paid to the city. No
; action was taken, pending a report
j from the Board of Public Works,
! which has the matter of granting per
' mits under consideration,
i The committee began an inquiry
; into the evasion of the payment of 11
--| cense taxes by owners of teams em
, ployed by the Board of Public Works.
! The teams are not owned by the city
j and the committee takes the ground
j that the fees should be paid. Tax
j Collector Smith will endeavor to col
i lect the money.
The resolution granting permits to
various persons to conduct hospitals
and sanitariums was rereferred to the
Health Committee. A protest has been
filed against the granting of a permit
to Drs. Hunsaker and Harvey at 2119
California street.
Acting on the recommendation of
the Finance Committee the Board of
Supervisors allowed out of the urgent
necessity fund $19)0 for the purchase
of fifty beds urgently needed for the
County Hospital aid $1100 for the
equipment of the nurses' quarters at
the same institution.
The petition of the California Spirit
! ualists' Association that its members
|be exempted from a license tax on me
diums was laid over for two weeks.
Excursion to Grand Canyon.
$.10 for the round trip, leaving San
Francisco Monday, January 23rd. and
good for ten days return. Tickets good
on California Limited train. Two trains
a day to the Canyon. "El Tovar," the
new hotel, is now open. Now is the time
to see the greatest slpht in the world—
the wonderful Grand Canyon of Arizona.
Full information at the Santa Fe office,
641 Market street. •
WASHINGTON. Jan. 16.—The coffee crop
of Haytl 1s almost a failure, according to a re
port to the State Department from Minister
Powell. He says that not mora than 00 per
cent of the crop will be saved.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i
JANUAJEtY H 1905-SIXTEEN PAGKES
fl spOi .
* tWßelglum o _ , . . 5 -;JT
• raisin, wine and prunti men to m*» lno t>t»t\» r
BIG TRANSFER OP MORE AR*
WELL-KNOWN PIANOS.
Consolidation of New York Interests Bo* l * of He »
Gives Important Agencies Against
to Local Firm. ,1*
•All the stories about important changes In co l ? 1 ! !n ll a,
In local piano circle* arc coming true t ur * n,ll «'
Rumor upon rumor stated that several y 9V * «■««>[*;».
hlen-grade pianos were to havo n*w M> ar " a VL., r y
agents, but nothing really • definite was' v. (h ♦
known untir confirmation came of tlie Hownr<i rtteel
merger In New York of the Aeolian Corn- gomcry atreet;'
peny. the Weber Plario Co.. the PlanoU; feet atreet; J. H
Company and the Steck Piano Co. This W. H, ttlunden
action- has sent all these Interests to Hunt. 1* Severn
Kohler & Cha.*e also those of the Whet- 3S Seventh *Iftr'
lock and Stuyvpsnnt pianos. The Pianola 507 Fourth VttVet
and other Aeolian Company Instruments Health Office
have always been handled by Kohier & average quallr
Chase. With the transfer df the Weber In San Franc'
and Stock pianos, as Well as the Whve* He declares '
lock and Stuyveaunt. Kohler &. Chase a rigorous '
have now the full Aeolian line of Inatru- fenders wl'.»
-runts—and which Is considered bjryond fifty arre#
dti«-Mlon to bf the most' valuable' agencj number a'
In the mu-Jlcal trade. ' . ---.
Kohler #r Chase hitvlpg now secured 7 np 1 ' *
the agency for the Weber piano, will, U P" ♦
of cct-rse, discontinue handling the M>mbe»
Knabe pla/;o. and those concents hereto- Alumni
fore handling the Steck piano and J 'addreM I
\lh«*lock and the Sruyvesent planoa wtil fivh
hr.vc to seek new >"Uader*." . p nl > llv "
Probably In thi history of the music » l
business in San Francleco there has evening
bi'<n no happening which has causefl a "j™
greater »tlf among local dealer* and J&StaS
the tendency sterna to be. aa recen, °. cc i^s, n i.
inoT;eA aurely Indicate, the placing of | at ' £
the. i*flb-u valuable and important Inter* i -» ' (
enta with .those dealers who command **•' *
lli<- largest, capital and possess tbe best At • bm'
facilities fof handling the largest vol- i" «,od?
urne of busiarss. These are. days of . rtn Wd
big eajca angamall pronts. i?u a le
• —• price v
d/ejm *f - klmT* l •»
4a* Sttikgru.
MAKE PROGRESS
TOWARD UNION
Pending Deals for Fusion
of Local Banks Need but
Assent of/ Stockholders
RESULT NOT IN DOUBT
Moneyed Institutions Are
to Merge Interests and
Center Their Business
It is announced by I. W. Hellman Jr.
that the Wells, Fargo & Co. Bank and
the Nevada National Bank of San
Francisco will merge their capital and
interests under the corporate name of
the Wells-Fargo Nevada National
Bank, with a capital of $6,000,000 and a
surplus of $8,500,000. The division and
disposition of this capital between the
several interests, so said Mr. Hellman
yesterday, is a matter to be determined
finally by the stockholders of the re
spective companies. The proportions
have been decided upon by the officers
and directors of the two banks.
Some time will elapse before the final
consolidation of interests can be ef
fected, as the Nevada National Bank
stockholders will have to be called to
gether, and thirty days' notice of the
meeting must be given. Various mat
ters of detail regarding the business of
Wells, Fargo & Co. will take some time
to settle. Mr. Hellman says the com
bined assets of the two banks after
consolidation will approximate $30,000,
--000, which* will make one of the strong
est and largest banks in the United
States. The purpose is to conduct all
the business in one building. The cler
ical forces of both institutions will be
provided for.
The deal between the Bank of Cali
fornia and the London and San Fran- ]
Cisco Bank, Limited, for the purchase
by the first named of the latter, has
reached the stage of a provisional;
agreement between the two banks. Un- ,
der this the Bank of California, ac
cording to a press dispatch from Lon
don, offers to pay about $76 for each $50 j
share to the British shareholders, who
will be called together in February to
vote on the question of the merger.
Cashier Black of the London and San
Francisco Bank says that the agree
ment Is to purchase the stock of the
London and San Francisco Bank at $75 i
a share and the deal includes the busi
ness, good will and realty of the bank.
Circulars signed by Manager Mack
intosh and Cashier Black of the Lon
don and San Francisco Bank, and Vice
President Anderson of the Bank of
California, have been Issued in which
announcement is made that a provi
sional agreement has been reached.
The Bank of California will, after con
solidation, according to present plans,
erect a large building on the northwest
corner of California and Sansome
streets, on the site of the old-time
building, owned and occupied as a j
banking structure.
Sleeping Car to and From Sacramento.
Sleeping car service le now afforded daily
by the Southern Pacific between San Francisco
and Sacramento. A comfortable standard
Bleeper Is attached to train leaving San Fran
cisco at 8:05 p. m., returning with train leav
ing Sacramento at 4.00 a. m., the latter arriv
ing in San Francisco at 7:50 a. m. Passen
gers to Sacramento will be allowed to occupy
their berths until 7 o'clock In the morning,
and when eomln* to San Francisco may take
posseseldn of their berths any time after 9
o" clock on the evening before, thus Insuring
a refreshing night's sleep and an early ar
rival at either city. •
ACCUSED OF ROBBERY.—LiouIs Piper, a
negro was arrested last night In connection
with the robbery of Frank Slgnorlelle on Pa
cific street last Thursday night. It is alleged
that Piper and another negro volunteered to
show SignoriPlle the way to the Roma Hotel on
Sansome street, and that when they came to a
dark alley on Pacific street they held the man
up and took from him $500 in greenbacks and
$200 In postal orders. Detectives Matheson and
Cody and Officer Ogden made the arrest.
Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters expel
all poisons and impart renewed life and
energy to the whole system. •
A farmer living near Marseilles,
France, has discovered that by "wa
tering" his melons with milk they will
grow to twice their ordinary size. He
carries off all the melon prizes at lo
cal agricultural shows.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Kind You Have Always Bought has home the signa
ture of Chas. H. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over 30 years. Allow no one
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
" Just-as-good" are but Experiments, and endanger the
health of Children—Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTOR IA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare
goric, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Fcverlshness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep*
The Children's Panacea—The Mother's Friend,
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the Signature of
In Use For Over 30 Years.
TMt CIHTtUR COMMWt. TT MURRAY BTRCCT. NtW YORK CITY.
I AMUSEMENTS.
f CALIFORNIA
Edward Ackerman, Leasee and Mkt. I
GREATEST OP THEM ALL! B
The Famous and Original |f
MR. JOSEPH i
MURPHY
I The Legitimate Irish Comedian In His
Great Irish Play. I
THE KERRY GOVV E
Twenty-eight Tears of Never-falling I
Success. S*
NEXT WEEK—MR. MURPHT IN |
I "SHAUN RHUE." J
f*tti lIUDIA sw frmcisco-3
VUIbUIYIDI A LEADING iHEA.tf
NIGHTLY. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE BATURDAY.
FRANK McKEE Presents.
EDNA WALLACE
HOPPER
And a Capable Company In
Arthur Law's Comedy Success,
A COUNTRY MOUSE
Preceded by Augustus Barrett's Curtain-Raiser,
CAPTAIN JANUARY
MELBA ALHAMBRA
WW IYD IP UAI I Direction
I LIII I 0 nftLL, will Greenbartm
I BURTON HOLMES
I TRAVELOGUES
1 Magoileest Ctlored Views, Ketiea Fietarts
■ "RUSSIA"
fl Tburs. and Frl. «* Inrtnrv"
B at 8:16... J**|KU»
■ SATURDAY MATINEE at 3. "JAPAN '
■ SATURDAY EVG. at 8:15, "IRELAND"
I Reserved Seats At SHERMAN.
I $1.00, 75c & 50c CLAY & CO. S.
■■ CHILDREN AT SATURDAY MATINEE
*M 50c to all parts of the house.
DEPACHMANN
Season Tickets, $4.59, $3.59, $2.25
READY TO-MORROW (Wednesday)
AT SHERMAN, CLAY.& CO.'S.
CONCERTS
WED. AND FRI. fiSr MAT. J £-
Single Seats—s2, $1 50. $1. Ready Sat. a.m.
St, Francis Art Society—Clupin Night
THURSDAY, 26TH—SEATS, $2 50.
Mall orders accompanied by check or
money order will receive careful attention.
Coming—THE DOLMETSCHES
filflll! j&fe MM
New Jockey
California Club
OAKLAND TRACK. _
Racing every week day, rain or shine.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
31000 Handicap to Be Run Wednesday.
Jan. IS. lilssak Handicap. S2OOO Add
ed, to Be Run Saturday, Jan. 21.
For special trains stopping at the track take
S P Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00,
12-"o' 1:00, 1:30 or 2:(;0. Returning trains
leave'the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and im
mediately after the last ;ace.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W TREAT. Secretary.
MISCELI^NEOITS_A^^EM^NTS_
FISCHER'S THEATER
TONY LUBELSKI. Gen. M<rr.
HIGH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE.
10c and 20c. Children 10c.
Afternoons. 2:30. Evenings. 7:30 and P.
CONTINUOUS SAT.. SUN., HOLIDAYS.
2 to 5 and 7 to 11 p. m.
TEN GREAT ACTS. New Moving Pictures.
BIDS FOR
HAY
I will receive at my office, at
San Quentin, up to and includ
ing the 25th day of January,
1905, bids for 500 bales of first
class wheat or oat hay. The
I same to be delivered at the
! Prison Wharf.
J. W. TOMPKINS,
Warden San Quentin Stale
j Prison.
AMUSEMENTS.
vvv — ~^~^^ AA »* A^M ** t
eraATIVOLIffIiE
GRAND
OPERA
IN ITALIAN.
RESERVED SEATS NOW SELLING.
PRICES—S2. $1 50, |1, 60c
TO-NIGHT. "LUCIA." with Tetrassint;
Wednesday. "MANON." with Berllndl; Thurs
day, "TRAVIATA" : Friday, "MANON" : Sat
urday Matinee. "LUCIA"; Saturday Night,
"CAVALERIA RUSTICANA" and "I'PAGU
ACCI"; Sunday Night, "RIGOLETTO."
A Right Royal Show!
The 10 NELSONS;
4 Musical Avoios: Clifford and Burke I
CRESSY AND DAYNE,
Presenting- "THE HEW DEPOT."
Eleanor Falke: Cbassiso; H. V. Fiti
arerald; Xlne and Gotthcld. and Or
pheum Motion Pictures. Showing "The
Trials and Troubles of an Automo
blUst."
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs
day, Saturday and Sunday.
Prices—loc. 25c and 60c.
GRAND =
MATINEE SATURDAY
THIS WEEK AND NEXT.
Another Brilliant Success
JOHN C. FISHER'S STUPENDOUS MU
. SICAL PRODUCTION,
THE
SILVER SLIPPER
(By the Authors of Florodora.)
SEE THE WHIRLWIND ENGLISH
GIRLS in the CHAMPAGNE DANCE.
PRICES—2Sc, 50c, 76c, $1.00
ALCAZAR "H^r
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT—ALL WEEK.
Clyde Fitch's Great Play,
THE GIRL
"IJUDGE
First Time Here of Annie Stellar
Success.
Ergs., 25c to 75c.; Mats. Sat. & Sun., 25c to 60s.
SPECIAL MATINEE of Ibsen's Masterpiece.
"GHOSTS"
WEDNESDAY, January 25—LILLIAN LAW
RENCE and HARRY MESTAYER.
Next Monday—"THE CONQBRORS."
CENTRAL-!?
Market Street, near Eighth: phone South 538.
TO-NIGHT—ALL, WEEK—Mats.Sat. and Saa.
Hal Reid's Melodramatic Sensation,
A WORKING
GIRL'S WRONGS
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT.
January 23—ONE WEEK ONLY.
Positively the Greatest of All Biblical Plays,
IFRIISILEM—THE HOLY CITY
PRICES—Eve., 10 to 60c; Mats., 10c, 16c. 26a.
A Splendid Show Every Afternoon and
Evening - in the Heated Theater.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN BPECTACLB
RARE AND INTERESTING ANIMALS IN
THE ZOO.
Amateur Night and Electric Fountain
Thursday.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN so
When Phoning Ask tee "The Chutes."
Pflfarp 00NT FA,L T0
raiacc fee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
ntlfl room, the EMPIRE
auM Parlor, the
r J PALM ROOM, the
(irand loois xv par 
vi uuu LOR and the LA _
I II j 1 DIES' WRITING
; Hotels room 
i a———^s>——ssjsbi—»
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
833 MARKET ST., OPP. MASON
All Musical Goods at Lowest Frlees
78
THE SANFRANCISCO CALL;
JOHN D. SFRECKKLS Proprietor
ADDRECB ALL, COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN MeN AUGHT •• •• Manajrer
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, SAN FRANCISCO j
TUESDAY JANUARY 17. 1»05
LET US NOT BE BARBAROUS.
THE time has come when the good name of California requires j
that the mobbing of Chinese and Japanese shall cease. Those
people are here in the exercise of their treaty rights and statu
tory privileges. These treaties and statutes are made by the con
stitution the supreme law of the land. If that law is wrong it may
be amended or repealed, but it would be a cowardly Congress that ■
would repeal it or abrogate a treaty at the behest of mobs. If that
were done then we should repeal all laws that suffer infraction by
mobs. That part of the criminal code that is violated by lynching
mobs should in that case be repealed and Judge Lynch be substi--'
tuted for the judicial courts. To do either of these things is to
turn the country over to mobs, which will take the place of the
courts of first instance and of last resort.
As far as the employment of these Asiatics is concerned there i
is not an employer in California who does not prefer white labor if
it be equally reliable, leaving out all question of wages. The fruit
interest of this State has reached colossal proportions. Fruit is
perishable property. Its ripening does not wait. It must be har
vested and put into market promptly or the producer loses his whole
season. The fruit growers who employ Chinese labor must have it
said in justification that they take that labor because of its reliability,
and not for its cheapness, for it is no longer cheap. Japanese labor
is less reliable, but while a Japanese works he works, and renders
an equivalent for his wages. The labor of both is mobile, and moves
readily to the place where it is wanted. It would not be wanted
anywhere if those who mob it did not create the conditions that
make it necessary.
The Call is no friend to the presence of Asiatic labor here, but
it came originally by invitation of the people of California. In no
other part of the country wa* the original Burlingame treaty hailed
with such effusion and enthusiasm as here. When Koopmanschap
brought the considerable number of Chinese here, following that
treaty, there was practically an expression of public rejoicing at
their coming. <'.rant that their labor was at that time cheap. It
found its level. The whole fruit industry of this State was founded
not upon its cheapness, but upon its reliability and industry. There
is hardly a large pioneer fruit grower in the State who does not in
sist that this industry was based originally upon the adaptation of
the Chinese. There are many large fruit growers now who insist
that the growing scarcity of this reliable and adapted labor imperils
the whole fruit interest.
Here then is an industrial condition that must be faced, and a
problem that must be solved. If mobs refuse permission to the
Japanese and Chinese to labor, the fruit industry must contract and
perish down to the proportion in which white labor will do the work
required to maintain it. If it prove that we have made a mistake in
basing the industry in its present proportions upon the reliability of
a kind of labor that is not to be permitted, we must bravely face the
consequences and pocket the loss. But for the sake of the State's
good name let us not delegate to mobs the expression of our ac
ceptance of the inevitable.
Through our own mobs we may see as through a lens our own
attitude toward China, taken because the presence of white people
in that empire was objected to by a certain class which expressed its
objection precisely as mobs here express objection to Asiatics. For
that the civilized world sent armies to China, and thousands of Chi
nese were killed, their towns were destroyed, their treasure looted
and woe unutterable was spread abroad, not sparing the innocent or
the guilty. With what face can we justify this sore punishment of
Asiatics while we permit and countenance here the same acts toward
them which we punished them for inflicting upon white men? It
is time that this issue be taken out of the hand of mobs, and that its
adjustment be assumed by men who love reason and right. Our
Government should firmly refuse to consider any policy in its in
ternational relations that is expressed by a mob. To surrender to
such force is to subject us to international shame.
THE RECESSION OF YOSEMITE.
IN answer to ihe somewhat hysterical agitation against the re
cession to the National Government of the Yosemite Valley,
which is receivThg impetus from certain sources, the State Board
•of Trade has issued a pamphlet covering the whole discussion in a
perfectly sane and unimpassioned manner. The pamphlet also con
tains a lengthy list of municipal boards of trade, civic organizations
and improvement associations throughout the State that have shown
by their unanimity of action a general indorsement of the proposed
measure.
The Board of Trade's arguments take the perfectly tenable
ground that the recession of our Sierra beauty spot will be for the
ultimate benefit of the State itself, for under the control of Federal
Government such exploitation of the beauties of the valley and im
provement of its avenues of entrance and egress can be made as
to increase immediately the influx of tourists from the East. Under
the meager appropriations which have been made by the Slate Leg
islature, however aptly distributed they may be by our Park Com
. jnissioners. accommodations of travel and camping facilities must
necessarily remain cramped and inadequate and prospective visitors
may be again denied admittance to the valley as they were in the
summer of 190$.
Comparison between the Government expenditures upon the ;
Yellowstone National Park and State appropriations for Yosemite
i- in itself after all the most efficient recommendation for the re
cession of the State's trust. Federal appropriations for the mainte
nance of the Yellowstone during the years 1903-04 totaled $462,571:
during the same time our Legislature could allow to Yosemite a 1
meager $37,500 only, and this, in the words of one of the legislators, '■
was "a mighty hard squeeze." Does the State do itself justice in
continuing a supervision over the valley upon so slim a financial
basis as this? Better that the National Government take over our
valley wonderland and make of it a park second not even to the
Yellowstone.
LESSENING DESERT PERILS.
IN order that the perils of the desert may be lessened State Min
eralogist Lewis E. Anbury is to seek an appropriation from the
Legislature providing for the erection of signboards and the
digging of wells along the most frequented desert trails in the
southern part of the State. Declaring that the sum of $5000 would
be ample to cover the expense of this humane innovation, the State
mineralogist sees in the projected measure direct benefit for a large
part of the mining industry now- remaining partially undeveloped un
der the haunting shadow of death that lurks ever over the waste
places.
Mr. Aubury's scheme is a commendable one. Too often harrow
ing tales come out of the wilderness of alkali and sand of men
found dead from thirst and of prospectors unfamiliar with the coun
try wandering from the thin trails and becoming demented under
the awful influence of the evil genius that haunts the region. The
dazzle of gold in the very midst of piled up bones has lured many a
luckless miner to his certain destruction. Yet the gold is there, and
gems and valuable chemical deposits; some of the State's richest
mineral deposits lie within this region of thirst and insanity. The full
development of these resources cannot come until the ring of terrors
hedging them about is broken.
Should the Legislature grant Aubury's plea for a modest ap
propriation it is certain that Kern. San Diego, San Bernardino and
Inyo counties, the ones to be benefited indirectly by the innovation,
will find it to their profit to co-operate with the Mining Bureau in the
prosecution of the work. A work of mercy it would be, but also a
work of development.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, JANUARY 17. 1905.
WITH TOMMY'S
HELP
EPES W. SARGENT
••See I" and he tore the bark I
case ores.
r •{•
TOMMY loved " Big Sister" and so
did Jack Sutton. Betty Travers
loved Tommy openly and Jack
Sutton secretly. Tommy liked
Sutton, but somehow this affec
tion was not reciprocated. And this
was the way matters stood when Sut
ton came upon Betty and Tommy in
the Chicago sleeper.
"Such a pleasant suprise," smiled
Betty, as she extended a smoothly
gloved hand in greeting. "I was afraid
it would l»e such a dreary trip."
Sutton glowed.
"We can have lots of fun," supple
mented Tommy, slipping a moist and
uncomfortably sticky hand into Sut
ton's.
Sutton glowered.
Betty Travers was not the sort of
girl to wear her upon her sleeve.
For more than a year Sutton had
sought to learn his fate, and Betty,
woman-like, had parried his every at
tempt. This was his opportunity. If
only Tommy
"Won't you sit down?" asked Betty,
hospitably making room for him on
the seat across the way.
"I'm sorry," said Sutton boldly, "but
1 cannot ride with my l>ai k to the en
gine."
"I can ride with my back to the en
gine," said Tommy, proud that he pos
sessed accomplishments not enjoyed by
his elders. To prove it. he slipped into
the facing seat and Sutton sank down
beside the girl. He felt a sudden de
sire to buy Tommy candy, but the
newsboy was on the car ahead.
The rush of the train made it pos
sible for Sutton to speak
after a few conventional remarks he
plunged boldly Into the subject next
his heart.
"Do you know," lie asked, "that I
have wanted just this chance to talk
with you alone for a long time?"
* "Solitude in a crowd," she suggested
uneasily, glancing at a man across the
ais'e who seemed unduly interested.
"This is better than a ballroom," he
protested, "or at theater. I want to ask
you if "
"Look at the cows!" shouted Tommy,
precipitating himself into his sister's
lap and pointing wildly at the flying
landscape.
"I wanted to ask you." continued Sut
ton, "if there is anything I have done
to cause you to avoid me. you "
"I've got a cow, too," shouted Tom
my from the opposite seat. "I keep it
out at grandma's."
"That's a good place for it," said
Sutton to Tommy. Then turning to
Betty, he resumed:
"You seem to be afraid to give me a
moment alone with you. Do you fear
that I shall "
"Do tricks," demanded Tommy,
climbing upon Sutton's knee. Sutton
FASHION'S MIRROR
A pretty shirtwaist of fancy white zvaisting, with light blue fig
ure. The flaring cuffs are zvom with link cuff buttons.
performed some simple parlor magic,
and the boy, satisfied, turned his at
tention to* the window.
"Are you afraid of the question I
want to ask, and which means so much
to me?" he urged. *
"I have not tried to avoid you," she
said blushing prettily. "I'm sure I've
given you a lot of my time this sea
son."
"Yes," he agreed, ' but for months I
have tried to tell you something, and
you have evaded me just as you are
trying to do now."
"I don't think this is evading you."
she laughed, glancing down at the
broad Ehoulder so close to her own.
"But this is the first time." he per
sisted, "and you couldn't help yourself.
You must have seen that "
"We're going over a big river!"
shouted Tommy gleefully. "Look at
the boats."
Betty took advantage of the diver
sion, and it was several minutes be
fore Sutton could lead the talk back
into the proper channel.
"We have been friends for so long,"
he said finally. "Won't you tell me
whether there is any possibility of mv
ever— *.'
"Going to stop," announced Tommy
as the train slowed down for a station.
"Take me for a walk."
"Please do." she pleaded. "The poor
little follew gets so tired and restless."
Dutifully Sutton led the lad up and
down the platform until he saw the
conductor coming away from the tele
graph window. Ten minutes more
were wasted by the young torment in
recounting his experience to Betty.
At last he subsided, and once more
Sutton sought toi learn his fate. "Don't
you know," he pleaded, "that I have
lcved you ever since I've known you?
Can't you say one little word to give
me hope that some day—"
"Lemme your watch," demanded
Tommy. Sutton passed over the hand
some timepiece without a word. If
it would keep the boy busy, he did not
( ;.re what happened.
"That some day." he went on. "I
may win you for my wife? I have
thought sometimes that I have been
so fortunate as to find favor in your
eyes, and then again I have—"
"Wheels!" demanded Tommy hand
ing back the watch. With a sudden
memory of what the back case con
tained. Sutton explained to the boy
thai the case did not open in the
back. Betty's face clouded. It might
hurt the works to open the case in all
this dust, but still —
Tommy had discovered the way to
make the hands go around by depress
ing the stem, and he was happy again.
"There have been times," continued
SuttOll, "when I have feared that
your avoidance of me was intentional,
and that you wanted to save me the
pain of refusal. No matter what your
answer may be, I want to know my
fate; to know whether I have any
chance to win the sweetest woman in
the world. Won't you tell me that
you do care for me—that you will —"
"Wind it up," commanded Tommy.
With visions of dreadful fates, any
one of which w as too merciful for the
boy. Sutton took the watch and held
I* to his ear. The works had stop
ped.
In desperation he showed the boy
how to depress a boss on the side and
make the repeater strike the hour and
minute, and Tommy beaming, went
back to the other seat.
"Won't you give me an answer?"
Sutton pleaded. Her eyes grew- misty.
She wanted to answer, but somehow
she dreaded telling him on the cat.
The same fueling that had led her to
parry his proposal, now impelled her
to temporize. It was Tommy who
solved the situation. The watch flew
from his hands and clattered to the
floor.
"It just jumped out of my hands,"
explained the frightened boy. as he
s'A6 from the seat to pick it up. "The
back's broken off," he added in dis
may.
Sutton sprang for it, but the boy
was too quick for him. "It's got a pic
ture. Betty's picture," he cried as he
turned the cap over. "Do all watches
have nicturep in them?"
"No," said Sutton shortly, snapping
the cap back on the case.
"Betty's has," persisted the boy.
"Tommy. you mustn't fib," she
cried, turning a rosy red.
"Yes. it has," he Insisted, snatching
Third Matrimonial
Knot Is Severed
by Duchess.
j DUCHESS OF SUTHERLAND. |
DIFFERENCES between Mary,
Duchess of Sutherland, and
her third husband, Sir Albert
Rollit, have been so openly ex
pressed by both in the last six
j months that the announcement of
j their separation scarcely comes as
: news, says a London cable to the Phil
; adelphia North American.
The lawyers are busy, and in a
short while the matter will be for
mally carried through the courts.
The Duchess' pleasure at her release
is nothing to the delight of her hus
band, and Sir Albert celebrated his
freedom by sending out dinner invita
| tions to his intimate acquaintances,
few of whom he had been allowed to
keep up since his unsuitable alliance
with the widow of Arthur Kindersiey
Clair and the late Duke of Sutherland.
The Duchess is not on good terms
with her daughter. Miss Blair, who,
however, she is allowing to start as a
face specialist, and to whom she doles
out a pittance to the extent of a few
pounds weekly.
Although Sir Albert has returned all
the presents she ever gave him. she
refused to give up one single gift of
his. In the day of their courtship and
early marriage he bestowed on her a
wealth of jewels, including some per
fect ruby ornaments and a set of
matchless emeralds, as well as several
strings of pearls of great value.
TO PRESERVE
A HUSBAND
For this purpose select a nice, kind,
amiable, industrious, generous man.
The American variety is far better
than the foreign kind. Prepare him
by having him go through a long en
gagement, which effectually renders a |
man a soft thing and makes him easy
to handle. Gently detach him from all
oi his old friends and acquaintances
and remove any habits he may have.
He is then ready to can, preserve or
make jam, as you choose.
To can, merely deprive him of his
latchkey and throw a handful of
mother-in-law in the house. Men
corked up like this have been known
to keep for years without spoiling,
though when they are opened up, if ;
kept too long, they are apt to be sour. ■
To make jam,* prepare as before, but
shred all of his finer feelings by nag- j
ging and pound them into a pulp by
complaints. To preserve a husband,
put as much love into the heart as it
wifl hold, add an ocean of sympathy, j
a world of tenderness, a pound of for
bearance, a dram of patience and drop |
him into it until he is thoroughly
(oated over with sugar. Husbands i
should always be crystallized one at a '
time. Never in pairs. Neither should
they ever be stood in hot water. This
is where many women make mistakes.
—Memphis Commercial-Appeal.
at her chatelaine. "See!" And he
; tore the back case open.
Sutton gave one look at the picture
of himself, and then one longer look
Into Betty's tender eyes.
"God bless you, Tommy," he said,
' very gently. (Copyrighted, 1905, by
\ Epes W. Sargent.)
Too Much for Melba.
A story is going the rounds of a party
at which Mme. Melba was singing.
The room was full, and the great prima
donna had just begun to sing when a
late comer sank into the only empty
chair. Immediately the sounds of
"Home, Sweet Home," mingled with
the notes of Mme. Melba's song. There
were indignant cries of "Sh-sh!" in
which the said late-comer joined, and
Mme. Melba stopped. But still "Home,
Sweet Home" went on, till some one
in authority summoned up courage to
tell the lady In question that the chair
she had taken was one with a musical
attachment and would go on playing
till she got up.
The Future Typical American.
Patriotic, religious, devoted, poetical,
industrious, artistic, literary, honest,
enduring.
From the Irish, patriotism; from the
Scotch, religious fervor; from the Jew,
family devotion; from the Scandina
vian, industry; from the Italian, art;
from the German, honesty; from the
French, quietness; from the Indian, en
durance.
Fountain Pens.
Let us fit your hand to a "Waterman
Ideal Fountain Pen" at $2.50, or a "Mar
shall." the best $1.00 pen in the world
It is just as important for a pen to fit
your hand as It is for a shoe to fit your
foot. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market St.*
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 104$. *
THE SMART SET
On Saturday night Mme. Caro Roma
was hostess at a large reception in
honor of Mme. Fanny Francisca. A
fair picture was the guest of honor. In
an exquisite robe of heavy pink silk,
with strings of pearls at her throat
and outlining a yoke of Irish point.
Likewise is she fair in personality, and
like Mme. Rom* quite unspoiled by
her European successes. As usual at
all of Mme. Roma's affairs the guests
were a delightful admixture of artists,
writers, musicians, army and society
folk.
During the evening music of a type
rarely heard outside of a concert hall
entertained the guests, as did some
clever monologues.
Honored among the artists and toast
ed in loving fashion, was the veteran
artist of them all. Mme. Inez Fabbri-
Mueller—she whose seventy-third
birthday will be celebrated on the 26th.
On that night will the music lovera
and all who love the traditions of
music in San Francisco—tender her a
benefit concert at Lyric Hall. Mmc
Roma, Mme. Francisca and a score of
the cleverest artists now tarrying in
town will sing in complement to the
aged queen of opera—for many years
the successful rival of Adelina Pattl.
Behold, the engagement is announced
of Miss Belle Harms and Dr. Allanson
Weeks! Another lucky man and maid:
Miss Harms is a charming maid of
the smart set, clever and interesting,
belonging to the coterie of girls who
spend much of their time in gay little
Sausalito.
Dr. Weeks is a graduate of Ann Ar
bor, and a son of Captain Harrison
H. Weeks. What a furor these be
trothals cause! It seems to matter
little how often they occur.
Mrs. Richard Bayne. the sweet sing
er, will hold a large reception to-mor
row at her home. In the receiving
party will be Mrs. Miiton Latham,
Mrs. Charles Mcintosh, Mrs. Horace
Hill. Mrs. McNutt. Mrs. James Tucker,
Mrs. Arnold, Mrs. Alfred Tubbs, Miss
FAVORS PLAN TO USE PLAYGROUNDS
AFTER SCHOOL HOURS.
Editor The Call: I was much inter
ested in the recommendation of Mr.
Langdon, the Superintendent of Public
Schools, as reported in this morning's
paper, that the yards or playgrounds of
our schools be thrown open after school
hours and on Saturdays.
All that he says is true and right in
line with the views expressed by Mr.
Riis in his lecture of last Monday
night.
To keep children off the streetß and
to provide for and supervise their rec
reation will do very much to improve
their morals and make good, healthy,
right-thinking men and women of
them. I want to offer a suggestion
that will, I think, help to carry out this
plan, viz., that young men who are
otherwise engaged, but have the leisure
time, be employed. There are soores of
young men in our medical schools and
colleges who would be glad to have the
opportunity to make the money.
This would insure having men of
high moral standard, which is of the
utmost importance, and at the same
time avoid the paying of large salaries,
which would be a temptation to those
LIFE'S SUNNY SIDE
OPEN CONFESSION.
Teacher—lf I say "The little boy
loves his teacher," what kind of a
sentence is that?
Tommy—Dat ain't no sentence.
Dats a lie.
POOR MANS
Photographer—l wish you'd look
more cheerful.
Henpeck—How do you expect me to
4ook cheerful when my wife and
mother-in-law are in the next room?
SALLY SHARP
Kate Herrin, Miss Charlotte Wilson.
Miss Susie Russell.
• • •
Mrs Cole Sr. will be hostess at a
luncheon to-day at the Palace Hotel.
• • •
Mrs W. F. McNutt will entertain
to-day in fccaor of Mrs. Ashton Potter
and Miss Ruth McNutt. who will leave
the latter part of the week for Europe.
• • •
A reception will be given on Friday
of this week by the Alden Club to
Miss Alden of Boston, the well-be
loved patron. The affair will be held
at the home of Mrs. Edward Rogers
on Jackson street.
• • •
The engagement is announced qf
Mrs. Gertrude D. McCauley and George
R. Fiels. Miss McCauley, a charming
young matron, is the daughter of
Charles H. White, a prominent banker
of Colorado Springs, Colo.
The lucky chap who has won her is
the son of Mr. and Mrs. Elisha Fiels
of Groton, New York. As a contracting
engineer of the Risdon Iron Works
and a member of the Bohemian Club
young Fiels is one of the best known
young men about town.
» •> a
Mrs. W. S. Leake's reception at the
Palace on Saturday was a fashionable
crush, hundreds of smartly gowned
women calling during the afternoon.
In the receiving party were: Mrs.
David R. Sessions. Mrs. George E.
Bates, Miss Blanche Dwindle. Mias
Alice R. Dray, Miss May Sharon. Miss
Alice Cowan, Miss Mamie C. Barrett
of Sacramento, Miss Mary Craig of
Woodland.
• • •
The Sidney Johnston Chapter, Unit
ed Daughters of the Confederacy, will
meet at the home of Mrs. Alfred Hun
ter Voorhies, 2111 California street,
on Thursday, January 19, when crosses
of honor will be distributed to Con
federate veterans. This kindly remem
brance of service will be held on
Thursday in commemoration of Gen
eral Robert E. Lee's birthday.
who are looking for a chance to feed
at the public crib..
I am sure this will appeal to the tax
payer as no other plan would.
The right man can make a play
ground such a pleasant and interest
ing place to boys that, to maintain dis
cipline, he need have recourse to no
other means than the withdrawal of
the privilege of playing for a limited
time.
But to do so he must be able to en
thuse and share the feeling of the boys
—he must organize the baseball nine
and the football eleven and make the
boys' interest his own.
In this way he may win the friend
ship of the boys and become their Ideal.
When he has reached that point his
influence over them is unbounded and
there is no measuring the good he may
do. He can instill right ideas, frown
down all that Is unmanly, profane or
impure and mold their characters.
Let us have the playgrounds at once,
and let us have the right kind of men
in charge, and the results will Justify
and more than justify the expense.
GEORGE CHASE TURNER.
City, January 14.
Mrs. E. Z. Mark—ls she happily
married?
Mrs. Wise—Oh! yes. Her husband
is a Judge and she can get a divorce
any time she wants it.
Mr. Woolley West—The State I
come from is a pretty lively State.
Mr. Collier Downe—Yes; every man
out your way la either running far an
office or running for his Ufa
SO NICE.
BUSY, INDEED.HUGE SUNSPOT SEEN
ON THE SOLAR DISC
IS VISIBLE TO THE NAKED EYE
Strange Discoloration Covers Vast Area
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 16, 04.
This morning, in the clear intervals
that scattered the clouds, a sunspot of
unusual size was discernible, like a
black streak, extending visibly to the
naked eye In the northwest quadrant
of the solar disc. Measurement showed
that it was fully one-seventh of the
•fiun's diameter, or 123,000 miles, in
length and 80.000 in average width.
•Ten umbrae sprinkle the three pe
numbra! tracts of which it is formed.
It may be a development of the stream
of average disturbances that extended
across the disc in December, though
it is not clearly Identifiable with any
of -them. H mid reds of discoiorations
have appeared since the great solar
rtorm of October. 1903, but they were
chiefly small or scattered, only about
ten being of medium dimensions.
This interesting evidence of the ac
tivity of the sun's surface shall prob
ahly be visible for some days yet.
ROSE O'HALLORAN.
WOULD APPEAL TO SUPREME
COURT IN UNITED STATES
Attorneys Petition the Tribunal in
Philippines in Case of Major
Carrineton.
MANILA. Jan. 18. —The attorneys
for Major Carrington, who command
ed the Philippine stouts sent to the
St. Louis Exposition, but who was or
ib«-ed back to the Philippines to an
rw.er charges of falsification on vouch
ers of the civil Governfnent to the
amount of $1500, have petitioned the
Supreme Court of the Islands for per
mission to appeal the case to the Su
preme Court of the I'nited States, also
asking that the proceedings be stayed
Until the appeal is decided.
Wedding Invitations
. We give special attention to prevailing
forms and engrave visiting cards, wed
ding invitations and announcements cor
rectly and reasonably. Monograms,
crests and address dies made to order.
C E. Goldsmith, the engraver, is now
with us, which Insures a continuance of
the very best work that the engraver's
art can produce. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
■741 Market street. •
BROMADA ESTATE.—Aa appraisement of
the estate of the late Adolph Hromada, filed
yesterday, reports its value to be $106,872. of
"which $39,267 is in money. Among the other
items is stock in the A. Hromada Company
worth $19,906 and stock In the Central Trust
Company valued at $10,000.
; ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Oriental Goods |
At Wholesale Prices |
I We Offer Oor Entire Extra Fine |
1 Collection of p
1 ORIENTAL RUGS 1
J ANIKURTAINS 1
J 25% DISCOUNT §
o From Regular Retail Prices 8
0 We are Sole Agents for John £>
8 Crossiey & Son's Celebrated 5,
S English Carpets. g
|Chas.M.Plum& Co. |
1 Cor. Ninth and Market Sts. |
These are fine POCKET X RIVES
and are of high-class manufacture.
The #1.00 Knife comes in buck
horn handle, best high tempered steel
blades, and is of neat pattern and
size.
The *1.75 Knife is Stiletto steel,
. excellently made, has pearl handle,
and is guaranteed satisfactory or
money back.
, X HAVE RAZOR*—Good ones, as
low as m.OO- Others of more ex
pensive pattern at SI .50. &2.00
and upward.
STAR SAFETY RAZOR—Regular
uut-or-town orders promptly filled.
I THAT MAIN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, The Stationer,
1008 MARKET ST- OPP. Fifth. S. X*.
DISCOLORATION* OX THE BUN
WHICH ARE NOW VISIBLE TO
THE NAKED EYE.
PROMINENT PERSONS NAMED
IN PUEBLO INDICTMENTS
Former Officials Charged With Frauds
in Naturalization and Regis
tration Lists.
PUEBLO, Colo., Jan. 16.—Former
County Clerk W. T. Fairfax, Percy Ely
and O. Q. McNeil were arrested to
day on a Grand Jury indictment,
which charges them with conspiracy
in placing many fictitious names on
the registration lists.
Former Judge L. B. Gibson of the
County Court and his clerk, L. A.
Gibson, were also placed under bonds,
charged with violation of the election
laws in issuing illegal naturalization
certificates. In connection with the
Indictment against Judge Gibson the
Grand Jury made a special report, re
questing that the matter be referred
to the Federal authorities.
City Detective E. H. Wilson is
named in twenty-nine Indictments,
which accuse him of forgery, issuing
forged instruments and conspiracy.
County Commissioner A. H. Smith Is
charged with conspiracy to falsify reg
istration lists.
BOUNTY FRAUDS ALLEGED
IN COUNTIES IN UTAH
Two Men Arrested, Accused of Allow
ing Scalps to Be Sold
Over Again.
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah, Jan. 16.—
Frauds aggregating $17,000 are al
leged to have been perpetrated against
the county governments <of Salt Lake
and adjoining counties during the last
three months through duplicate pay
ments of bounties on the hides of wild
animal pests. In connection with the
frauds Charles Jones has been arrest
ed in Ogden and to-day D. B. Davis,
formerly a deputy in the County
Clerk's office in this city, was taken
into custody. Other arrests are re
ported to have been made.
The frauds were made possible by
a system of plugging the holes
punched in the scalps by the County
Clerk first paying the bounties.
JEALOUS YOUTH SHOOTS
YOUNG GIRL AND HIMSELF
Kills Woman With Shotgun as She
Lies in Bed, Then Takes His
Own Life,
NORFOLK, Neb., Jan. 16.—Andrew
Nelson, aged 20, a farm hand, mur
dered Miss Carrie Jacobson, 19 years
old. and then killed himself, near Ne
ligh, Neb., early to-day. Miss Jacob
son was asleep with her mother and
when the latter arose to kindle the
fires for the morning, Nelson crawled
into the room and blew off her head
with a shotgun. He then turned the
weapon on himself. The bodies were
found later lying together. Jealousy
was the cause of the tragedy.
Clayton Assails Judge Swayne.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.—Debate on
the Swayne impeachment case In the
House to-day was exhaustive. Clayton
of Alabama, discussing the expense ac*
count of Judge Swayne. vehemently
declared he would repel the charge
that the Judges of this country were
guilty of putting up at boarding
houses at $1 25 a day and charging
up $10 and pocketing the $8 76.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/ * fA*_~2
8- warmth
long before
WAt other f ood could be digested.
F # LIEBIG COMPANY'S EXTRACT
I # ol Beef dissolves quickly In hot
l# water, making a perfect beef
Iff tea, delicate In flavor and free
II from fat, aedlment or adultera-
II tlon. A bracer without reaction.
I Get the genuine with blue signa*
■ tureot J.v. Liebig as shown above.
Am il.f { V*Ts •I*l ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1905.
BURTON TO GET
A NEW TRIAL
Held That Missouri Court
Had No Jurisdiction in
Case of Accused Senator
WASHINGTON THE PLACE
Effort to Be Made in the
Kansas Legislature to
Force His Kesignation
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.—The case
of Senator J. R. Burton was decided
by the United States Supreme Court
to-day. The court reversed the verdict
of the District Court for the Eastern
District of Missouri on the gTound
that the payments to Buron were
made in Washington. The District
Court was therefore reversed and the
case remanded for a new trial. The
opinion was handed down by Justice
Peckham, who took up the various
counts and recited the conclusions as
well as the divisions of the court.
As to the second count of guilt, it
is said that assuming that the statute
applies to the facts stated in the in
dictment, a further question arises
upon the general merits of the case,
whether there was sufficient evidence
of guilt to be submitted to the jury,
and a majority of the court is of the
opinion that there was, or is not pre
pared to say there was not, and the
minority dissents from that view and
is of the opinion that there was no
evidence whatever upon which to
found a verdict of conviction. The
decision further says:
This is not a case of the oommenotmect of a
crime in one district and it* completion In an
other, so that under the statute toe court In
either district has Jurisdiction. There was no
beginning of the offense in Missouri. The pay
ment of the money was In 'Washington, and
there was no commencement of that offense
when the officer of the Rlalto Company the
checks from St. Louis to the defendant. The
latter did not thereby begin an offense in Mis
souri.
Justice Peckham also took occasion
to comment upon the fact that when
the Jury came in with a disagreement,
the Judge asked how the Jury stood,
saying that the practice was one which
should not be encouraged.
The trial under the indictment
charging Senator Burton with receiv
ing a cash payment at St. Louis will
proceed immediately at that place.
The Department of Justice has not yet
considered the question of the trial
place of the Indictment alleging pay
ments in this city. It is possible the
statute of limitation may operate
against it.
In dissenting Justice Harlan says:
"It seems to me that in reversing the
Judgment upon the grounds stated in
the opinion the court has sacrificed
substance to mere form."
TOPEKA, Kans., Jan. 16.—A resolu
tion asking Senator Furton to resign
was introduced in ths Kansas House
and Senate this afternoon. Cyrus Le
land, leader of the deposed Republican
faction In Kansas, and a member of
the House, is the author of the resolu
tion. The matter will come up for
consideration to-morrow. An effort
will be made to table it on the ground
that the case of Senator Burton is yet
before the courts and the ore not a
subject for legislative action.
The Leland resolution re ites that
the decision of the United States Suv
preme Court to-day In the Burton
case necessarily deprives Burton of his
usefulness as a representative of the
State of Kansas in the United States
Senate.
It Is by no means certain that the
resolution will pass to-morrow, but a
great effort will be made by Burton's
enemies to push It through.
CHICAGO DOCTOR TRACES
HEART DISEASE TO GRIP
Says Influenza Is Also the Most Im
portant Factor in Increase
of Pneumonia.
CHICAGO, Jan. 16.—Influenza la
more prevalent and more fatal in Chi
cago this winter than at any time
since the epidemic year of 1891, ac
cording to the weekly bulletin of the
Health Department. Twenty more
deaths from this cause were reported
during the week.
Investigations by Dr. Robert B.
Preble, a medical Inspector for the de
partment, are held to show "there can
be no question that Influenza or la
grippe is the most Important factor in
the Increase of pneumonia and in con
sequence of heart disease,"
Statistics are quoted as proof that
the deaths from heart disease and
from pneumonia have Increased at al
most exactly the same ratio since
1843. The fact that the germ which
causes pneumonia also irritates the
membrane covering the valves of
the heart is commented on.
ANTI-CIGARETTE LAW
OF IOWA IS UPHELD
Supreme Court of the United States
Affirms Decision of lowa
Tribunal.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.—The lowa
Anti-Cigarette law was upheld by the
Supreme Court of the United States
to-day <n the two cases of Charles P.
Cook and Robert E. Hodge. The de
cision of the Supreme Court of lowa
was affirmed. The cigarettes were
shipped into the State in small paste
board boxes and the contention was
made that in enforcing the law the
State authorities were Interfering with
Interstate commerce.
The court refused, however, to hold
that the small boxes were original
packages and concluded that the ac
tion of the State authorities in assess
ing a tax upon Cook and Hodge was
no violation of their constitutional
rights.
CONSTABULARY LOSES NINE
MEN IN AN ENGAGEMENT
Oorbin Also Reports Wounding of
Lieutenant Avery In the
Philippines.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.—Lieuten
ant General Chaffee, chief of staff, to
day received a cablegram from Gen
eral Corbin, commanding the Philip
pine Division at Manila, saying that
he has received the following dispatch
from Brigadier General Carter, com
manding the Department of the Vl
sayas, dated Tacloban, January 14:
Lieutenant Avery, one Philippine scout and
two native employes were wounded in action
at Dolores River January 14. Private Aus
tin, hospital corps, waa wounded and nine con
stabulary were killed in action near Maslog.
Bamar, January 8. Lieutenant Avery and
Private Austin arrived here to-day.
The officer referred to In the above
dispatch Is First Lieutenant Morton
L. Avery of the Philippine scouts.
DOWIE LETTERS ADMITTED.—Judge
Murasky yesterday decided to admit in evi
dence the letter* submitted by the attorney of
John Alexander Dowle, •'Elijah III," which
are considered to have an important bearing
on the prophet's contention that he is not in
debted to Hugh Craig for money advanced for
a mission conducted by Dowle in thia city in
1888.
PIONEER FIRMS
CONSOLIDATED
L. D. Stone Company Buys
Out Main & Winchester
House on Private Terms
CHARLES MAIN SELLS
Retiring Manufacturer Has
Continuous Record That
Covers Fifty-Six Years
The business of the L. D. Stone
Company and that of Main & Winches
ter has been consolidated. A deal was
effected yesterday by which the first
named concern buys out the interest
of Charles Main. With this deal comes
to an end the old concern of Main &
Winchester. In the consolidation of
Interests that has been effected the
name of Winchester will not be un
known, as Frank Winchester is the
treasurer. Charles Main, an octogena
rian, the surviving partner of Main &
Winchester, which the the pioneer har
ness and saddlery concern on the Paci
fic Coast, retires from business, after an
unparalleled record of fifty-six years
of constant connection with one con
cern In San Francisco.
The officers of the L. D. Stone Com
pany have been A, G. Stoll, president;
R. P. Grubb, vice president; E» M.
Lynn, secretary; R, M. Richardson,
treasurer. The consolidation makes
only a few changes. Frank Winches
ter becomes treasurer and R. M. Rttch
nrdson is vice president. The other
officers are continued. At the offices of
the L. D. Stone Company yesterday it
was said that the consolidation will
mean the operation of th* business
of the two concern* Jointly. Each
Result of Boycott
The orlv place »n the United States
that guarantees freedom from strikes,
lockouts and labor warfare is Battle
Creek, Mloh.
The story? The workpeople, mer
chants, lawyers, doctors and other oiti
zens became aroused and Indignant at
the efforts of the labor unions through
out the country to destroy the business
of one of our largest Industrie*—the
Postum Cereal Co., Ltd, and at the
open threats In the official union pa
pers that the entire power of the Na
tional State Federations of Labor was
being brought to bear to "punish" th*
Industries of Battle Creek, and partic
ularly the Postum Company.
This sprung from the refusal of C
W. Post to obey the "orders" of the
unions to take the Postum advertising
away from various papers that refuse
to purchase labor of the tabor trust —
the unions.
Mr. Post was ordered to Join the un
ions in their conspiracy to "ruin" and
"put out of business" these publishers
who had worked faithfully for him for
years, and helped build up his busi
ness. They had done no wrong, but
had found it inconvenient and against
their best judgment to buy labor of
the labor trust. It seems a rule of the
unions to conspire to ruin any one who
does not purchase from them upon
their own terms.
An Ink maker or paper maker who
failed to sell ink or paper would have
the same reason to order Post to help
ruin these publishers. So the peddler
In the street might stone you If you
refused to buy his apples; the cabman
run over you If you refused to ride
with him; the grocer order the man
ufacturer to discharge certain people
because they did not patronize him,
and so on to the ridiculous and villain
ous limit of all this boycott nonsense,
In trying to force people to buy what
they do not want.
If a man has labor to sell let him sell
It at the best price he can get Just as
he would sell wheat, but he has no
right to even Intimate that he will ob
struct the business or attempt Its ruin
because the owner will not purchase
of him.
The unions have become so tyran
nous and arrogant with their despot-
Ism that a common citizen who has
some time to spare and innocently
thinks he has a right to put a little
paint on his own house finds he must
have that paint taken off and put on
again by "the union" or all sorts of
dire things happen to him, his employ
er is ordered to discharge him, his gro
cer is boycotted if he furnishes him sup
plies, his family followed and Insulted
and his life made more miserable than
that of a black slave before the war.
If he drives a nail to repair his house
or barn the carpenters' "union" hounds
him. He takes a pipe wrench-to stop
a leaking pipe and prevent damage
to his property and the plumbers' "un
ion" does things to him. He cannot
put a little mortar to a loose brick on
his chimney or the bricklayers', plas
terers' or hod carriers" "union" is up
in arms and if he carelessly eats a
loaf of bread that has no "union"
label on it the bakers' "union" proceeds
to make life miserable for him.
So the white slave Is tied hand and
foot unable to lift a hand to better
himself or do the needful things, with
out first obtaining permission from
some haughty. Ignorant and abusive
tyrant of some labor union.
It would all seem rather like a comic
opera, If it did not rob people of their
freedom; that kind of work will not be
permitted long in America.
Some smooth managers have built up
the labor trust in the last few years,
to bring themselves money and power
and, by managing worKmen, have suc
ceeded in making it possible for them
to lay down the law in some cities and
force workmen and citizens to "obey"
implicitly, stripping them, right and
left of their liberties.
They have used boycotting, picket
ing, assaults, dynamiting of property
and murder to enforce their orders and
rule the people. They have gone far
enough to order the President to re
move certain citizens from office be
cause the "unions" weren't pleased.
That means they propose to make the
people of the unions replace the law
of this Government and the union lead
ers dominate even the chief executive.
This is a government of and for the
people and no organization or trust
shall displace it. But the unions try it
every now and then, led by desperate
men as shown in their defiance of law
and support of law breaker*.
The "union" record of assaults, crip
pling of men and even women and
children" destruction of property and
murder of American citizens during
the past two years is perhaps ten
times the volume of crime and abuse
perpetrated by slave owners during
any two years previous to the civil
war. We are In a horrible period of
lethargy, which permits us to stand
CARTER AGAIN
DONS THE TOGA
Montana Eepnblican Leader
Is Restored to Power
and Returns to Senate
GETS ONE FUSION VOTE
Single Member of His
Own Party Holds Out
Against Him to the Last
HELENA, Mont., Jan. 16.— T. H. Car
ter, former United States Senator, was
to-day, on the sixth Joint ballot of the
session, elected United States Senator
for the term beginning March 4, to suc
ceed Paris Gibson. All but on* of the
Republicans voted for Carter and one
Fuslonlst voted for him. The Demo
crats, with two exception*, voted for
W. G. Conrad.
Carter received 32 vote*, five more
than the number required to elect.
Conrad received 28 votes; Martin Dee
(Fuslonlst) 6, and there were 6 scatter
ing votes. •
Carter, amid a seen* of considerable
enthusiasm, thanked the Legislature
for the honor conferred upon htm,
ha* a force of aboat 200 employes.
Together the Joint Interests win
constitute the largest harness and
saddlery wholesale manufacturing and
Importing business west of Chicago.
The L. D. Stone Company Is nearly as
old as Main & Winchester, having been
established in 1852. Main & Winches
ter began business in 1849.
People who refuse to think hold the.
world back.
idly by while our American citizen*
are abused, crippled and murdered in
dozen* and hundreds by an organiza
tion or trust, having for it* purpose
thrusting what It has so sell (labor)
upon us whether or no.
Suppose an American in a foreign
city should be chased by a mob, caught
and beaten unconscious, then his
mouth pried open and carbolic acid
Eoured down his throat, then his ribs
icked In and his face well stamped
with iron nailed shoes, murdered be
cause he tried to earn bread for his
children. By the Eternal, sir, a fleet
of American men of war would as
semble there, clear for action and blow
something off the face of the earth, if
reparation were not made for the blood
of one of our citizens.
And what answer do we make to the
appeals of the hundreds of widows and
orphans of those Americans murdered
by labor unions? How do we try to
protect the thousands of Intelligent
citizens who, with reason, prefer not
to Join any labor union and be sub
ject to the tyranny of the heavily paid
rulers of the labor trusts?
Upon a firm refusal by Mr. Post to
Join this criminal conspiracy a general
boycott was ordered on Grape-Nuts
and Postum all over the country, which
set the good red blood of our ancestors
in motion, bringing forth the reply
that has now passed into history: "We
refuse to Join any conspiracy of or
ganized labor to ruin publishers, nor
will we discharge any of our trusted
employes upon the orders of any labor
union. If they can make their boy
cott effective and sink our ship, we will
go down with the captain on the bridge
and in command."
This set the writers in labor papers
crazy and they redoubled their abuse.
Finally one of their official organs
came out with a large double column
denunciation of Battle Creek, calling
it "a running sore on the face of Mich
igan," because It would not become
"organized", and pay In dues to their
labor leaders. The usual coarse, vil
lainous epithets common to labor un
ion writers were indulged In.
The result was to weld public senti
ment in Battle Creek for protection. A
citizens' association was started and
mass meetings held. Good citizens who
happened to be members of local un
ions, in some cases quit the unions
entirely, for there is small need for
them there.
The working people of Battle Creek
are of the highest order of American
mechanics. The majority are not union
members, for practically all of the
manufacturers have for years declined
to employ union men because of dis
turbances about eleven years ago, and
the union men now In the city are
nmong the best citizens.
No city in the State of Michigan pays
as high average wages as Battle Creek,
no city of its size is as prosperous,
and no city has so large a proportion
of the best grade of mechanics who
own their own homes.
So the workpeople massed together
with the other citizens in the organi
zation of the Citizens' Association with
the following preamble and constitu
tion:
Whereas from 1891 to 1894 the strikes
instigated by labor unions In Battle
Creek resulted In the destruction of
property and loss of large sums of,
money in wages that would have been
expended here; and,
Whereas, these acts caused serious
damage to the city and In a marked
way delayed its progress at that time;
and.
Whereas, since the year 1894 the
citizens have been enabled, by public
sentiment, to prevent the recurrence
of strikes and labor union disturb
ances which have been prevalent else
where; and,
Whereas, the employers oC this city
have steadfastly refused to place the
management of their business under
the control of the labor unions, but
have maintained the highest standard
of wages paid under like conditions
anywhere in the United States, and
hereby unanimously declared their in
tent to continue such policy; and the
employes of this city, a large percent
age of whom own homes and have
families reared and educated under
conditions of peace and the well-earned
prosperity of steady employment, have
steadfastly maintained their right as
free American citizens to work with
out the dictation and tyranny of labor
union leaders, the bitter experience of
the past offering sufficient reason for
a determined stand for freedom; and.
Whereas, the attitude of the citizens
on this subject has been the means of
preserving peaceful conditions and con
tinuous prosperity In marked contrast
to the conditions existing in other
cities suffering from the dictation of
trades unionism; it is therefore
Resolved, that the continuance of
peace and prosperity in Battle Creek
can be maintained, and the destructive
work of outside interference avoided un
der the combined effort and action of
FATAL WRECK
ON SANTA FE
One Man Killed and Thirteen
Injured in a Smash-Up
in the State of Kansas
CARS OVER EMBANKMENT
Express Messenger Loses His
Life and Two Others Are
Not Expected to Survive
WICHITA, Kans., Jan. 16.—One man
killed, two seriously and eleven more or
less injured is the result of a wreck on
the Santa Fe northbound train near
Derby at 2:30 p. m. to-day. The dead:
Ll L WEST, express messenger,
Newton, Kans.
Seriously injured: Charles Schafer,
express messenger, Oklahoma City, O.
T., chest crushed; John Stevens, Neo
sho, Kans.. head badly hurt.
Badly injured: Otto Brewer, Wich
ita, head cut; Milton Herbert, Newton,
Kans., news agent, head cut-
Injured, more or less—T. W. Haw
kins, Arkansas City, Kane., breast
crushed: Frank Link, Blackwell, O. T.,
legs and arras hurt; A. Stark. Wichita,
Kane., chest crushed; J. X, Thompson,
Kansas City, knee hurt; Frank Con
way, conductor, head injured; W. W.
Norman, Fort Worth, Texas; C W.
Phlppen, head injured; A. F. Tetxlck,
ankle broken; Miss Jessie Allison.
Wichita, Kane., head cut.
In the express car were West and
Schafer. West Jumped and was killed.
Schafer tried to jump, but a boxed
corpse in the express ear fell upon him,
crushing his breast Schafer and Ste
vens are not expected to live.
The train was running thirty miles
POSTUM CEREAL.
all our people by the formation of a
Citizens' Association.
CONSTITUTION.
ARTICLE L—NAME.
ARTICLE 2.—OBJECTS.
First —To Insure, so far as possible,
a permanent condition of peace, pros
perity and steady employment to the
people of Battle Creek.
Second—To energetically assist in
maintaining law and order at all time*
and under all conditions.
Third—To protect it* member* in
their rights to manage their property
and to dispose of their labor in a legal,
lawful manner without restraint or In
terference.
Fourth—To insure and permanently
maintain fair, Just treatment one with
another in all the relations of life.
Fifth—To preserve the existing right
of any capable person to obtain em
ployment and sell his labor, without
being obliged to Join any particular
church, secret society, labor union or
any other organization, and to support
all such persons in their efforts to re
sist compulsory methods on the part
of any organized body whatsoever.
Sixth —To promote among employer*
a spirit of fairness, friendship and de
sire for the best Interests of their em
ployes, and to promote among work
men the spirit of industry, thrift, faith
fulness to their employers and good
citizenship.
Seventh—To so amalgamate the
public sentiment of all of the best citi
zens of Battle Creek that a guarantee
can be given to the world of a con
tinuance of peaceful conditions, and
that under such guarantee hnd protec
tion manufacturers and capitalists can
be induced to locate their business en*
terprlse* In Battle Creek.
Then follow articles relating to
membership, officers, duties, etc, etc.
This constitution has been signed by
the great majority of representative
citizens, Including our workpeople.
A number of manufacturers from
other cities, where they have been suf
fering all sorts of indignities, incon
venience and losses from the general
hell of labor union strikes, picketing,
assaults and other Interference, pro
posed to move, providing they could
be guaranteed protection.
The subject grew In importance un
til it has reached a place where abso
lute protection can be guaranteed by
the citizens of Battle Creek on the fol
lowing broad and evenly balanced
terms which guarantee to the work
man and to the manufacturer fairness,
Justice, steady work and regularity of
output.
The new-coming manufacturer agrees
to maintain the standard rate of wage
paid elsewhere for like service, under
Bimilar conditions, the rate to be de
termined from time to time from well
authenticated reports from competing
cities. The tabulated wage reports is
sued by the Government Department of
Commerce and Labor can also be used
to show the standard rate, and It is
expected later on that this government
bureau will furnish weekly reports of
the labor market from different cen
ters, so that the workman when he is
ready to sell his labor and the employ
er when he 1* ready to buy may each
have reliable Information a* to the
market or ruling price.
The new-coming manufacturer also
agrees to maintain the sanitary and
hygienic conditions provided for by the
State laws and to refrain from any
lockouts to reduce wages below the
standard; reserving to himself the
right to discharge any employe for
cause.
The Citizens' Association on its part
agrees to furnish, in such numbers as
it is possible to obtain, first-class work
men who will contract to sell their
labor at the standard price for such
period as may be fixed upon, agreeing
not to strike, picket, assault other work
men, destroy property or do any of the
criminal acts common to labor union
ism, each workman reserving to him
self the right to quit work for cause,
and the Citizens' Association further
pledges Its members to use its asso
ciated Dower to enforce the contracts
between employer and employe and
to act en masse to uphold the law at
all times.
The new Industries locating in Bat
tle Creek will not start under any sort
of labor union domination whatsoever,
but will make individual contracts
with each employe, those contracts be
ing fair and equitable and guaranteed
on both sides.
Thus from the abuses of labor unions
and their Insane efforts to ruin every
one who does not "obey" has evolved
this plan which replaces the old con
ditions of injustice, lockouts, strikes,
violence, loss of money and property,
and general industrial warfare; and
Inaugurates an era of perfect balance
and fairness between employer and
employe, a steady continuance of in
dustry and consequent prosperity; the
entire community pledged by public
ATTACHES MOST
FACE A JURY
Attendants Accused of Kill
ing Napa Asylum Patient
Held on Murder Charge
BAIL IS DENIED THEM
Shanahan and Retzman Sent
to County Jail to Await
Trial in Superior Court
NAPA, Jan. 16.—The preliminary
hearing of Attendants T. D. Shanahan
and Oscar Retzman of the Napa State
Hospital for the Insane on a charge
of killing Patient Joseph R. Louis at
the institution on December 25 was
concluded before Justice McKnight this
morning.
District Attorney Benjamin renewed
his motion that the defendants be held
to answer for killing Louis on the
ground that the evidence presented at
the examination justified such action.
The motion was granted. Justice Mc-
Knight holding Shanahan and Ret»
man to answer before the Superior
Court on the charge preferred without
bail. The defendants wore accordingly
committed to the custody or the Sheriff
and returned to the County Jail.
New California Postmaster.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.— W. J.
McDonald was to-day appointed post
master at Gllroy Hot Springs, vice
Robert Robertson, resigned.
an hour at a curve when the tender
left the track and the entire train of
four oars rolled down the embankment.
sentiment and Tivate act to restore
to each man his ancient right to
"peace, freedom and the pursuit of
happiness."
Other cities will be driven to pro
tect their workpeople, merchants and
citizens as well as their industries from
the blight of strikes, violence and the
losses brought on by labor unionism
run amuck, by adopting the "Battle
Creek plan," but this city offers in
dustrial peace now with cheap coal
and good water, first-class railroad fa
cilities and the best grade pf fair, cap
able and peaceable mechanics known.
Details given upon inquiry of the
"Secretary of the Citizens' Associa
tion."
Identification.
The public should remember that
there are a few labor unions conducted
on peaceful lines and in proportion aa
they are worthy they have won es
teem, for we, as a people, are strong
ly In sympathy with any right act
that has for its purpose better condi
tions for wage workers. But we do
not forget that we seek the good of
all and not those alone who belong to
some organization, whereas even the
law-abiding unions show undeniable
evidences of tyranny and oppression
when they are strong enough, while
many of the unions harbor and en
courage criminals in their efforts to
force a yoke of slavery upon the Amer
ican people. As a public speaker lately
said: "The arrogance of the English
King that roused the fiery eloquence
of Otis, that inspired the immortal dec
laration of Jefferson, that left Warren
dying on the slopes of Bunker Hill
was not more outrageous than the con
ditions that a closed chop would force
upon the community. These men burst
Into rebellion 'when the king did
but touch their pockets.' Imagine if
you can their indignant protest had
he sought to prohibit or restrict their
occupation or determine the conditions
under which they should earn their
livelihood," and to assault, beat and
murder them, blow up their houses and
poison their food If they did not sub
mit.
The public should also remember that
good true American citizens can be
found in the unions and that they de
precate the criminal acts of their fel
low members, but they are often In baa
company.
Salt only hurts sore spots. So, the
honest, law-abiding union man is not
hurt when the criminals are denounced,
but when you hear a union man "hol
ler" because the facts are made pub
lic, he has branded himself aa either
one of the law breakers or a sym
pathizer, and therefore with the mind
of the l&to breaker, and likely to be
come one when opportunity offers.
That is one reason employers decline
to hire such men.
A short time ago inquiry came from
the union forces to know if Mr. Post
would "keep still" If they would call,
off the boycott on Postum and Grape-
Nuts.
This Is the replyi "The labor trust
has seen fit to try to ruin our business
because we would not Join its criminal
conspiracy. We are plain American
citizens and differ from the labor un
ion plan in that we do not force peo
ple to strike, picket, boycott, assault,
blow up property or commit murder,
"We do not pay thugs $20 to break
in the ribs of any man who tries to
support his family nor $30 for an eye
knocked' out.
"We try to show our plain, honest re
gard for sturdy and Independent work
men by paving the highest wages in
the State.
"We have a steady, unvarying respect
for the law-abiding, peaceable union
man and a most earnest desire to see
him gain power enough to purge the
unions of their criminal practices that
have brought down upon them the
righteous denunciation of a long-suf
fering and outraged public, but we will
not fawn, truckle, bend the knee, wear
the hated collar of white slavery, the
union label, nor prostitute our Ameri
can citizenship under 'orders' of any
labor trust.
"You offer to remove the restriction
on our business and with 'union' gold!
choke the throat and still the voice
raised in stern denunciation of the
despotism which tramples beneath an
iron shod heel the freedom of cur
brothers.
"You would gag us with a silver bar
and muffle the appeal to the American
people to harken to the cries for bread
of the little children whose faithful
fathers were beaten to death while
striving; to earn food for them.
"Your boycott may perhaps succeed
in throwing our people out of work
and driving us from business, but you
cannot wrench from us that priceless
jewel our fathers fought for and which
every true son guards with his life.
Therefore, speaking for our workpeo
ple and ourselves, the Infamous offer
is declined."
POSTUM CEREAL (XX, LTD.
910
BASEBALL PLAYERS ARE BEING TRADED ABOUT BY THE MAGNATES
IBERG TRADED
FOR SCHLAFLEY
Lohman and McCreedie Ex
change Stars After Long
Discussion About Terms
PORTLAND SECURES ATZ
Manager of Brownies Swaps
Phil Nadeau for Player
, Who Made Good in South
A bis baseball deal was consummated
yesterday when Pete Lohman and
Judge McCreedle heated the wires for
several hours and finally wound up by
swapping stars. When the deal had
been sent through Lohman was pos
sessed of Pitcher Ham Iberg and Mc-
Creedle had Schlafley safely under his
Wing.
Pete has been trying to do something
with Schlafley for many weeks past,
but could not make a satisfactory deal.
Larry was one of the best second base
men In the league last year and Loh
man wanted him for another season,
but Schlafley vowed he would not play
ball with the Commuters. Since learn
ing of his second baseman's decision
Uncle Peter has been looking around
tor a likely man for whom he could
swap the infielder.
The fans will be surprised to see Ham,
iberg in an Oakland uniform. Ham,
was not altogether satisfied with his
berth on the Portland team last year
and he will gladly welcome the change.
Pete and Ham were always the best
of friends and there is no reason why
the slow-ball pitcher will not make
good with the Commuters.
Just before closing the Schlafley-
Iberg deal McCreedle managed to trade
off another of his stars. After a deal
of'dickering with the management of
the New Orleans team McCreedle
. Anally secured Atz, the star shortstop,
for Phil Nadeau. Just what the finan
cial arrangement was could not be
learned, but it is understood McCreedie
had to give a little piece of side money
before he landed the Southerner.
Nadeau did not play his game at all
while with the Brownies last season
and McCreedie did not want to take
another chance with the hard-hitting
little Frenchman if he could possibly
avoid It. The New Orleans team was
in search of a husky outfielder and
when McCreedie heard this he Imme
diately opened negotiations with the
Southern magnates and finally accom
plished his purpose.
Atz led the shortstops of the South
ern League last season, playing a great
fielding game. He also hit the ball
some, finishing with a batting average
of .278. If he can sustain this gait in
Portland he won't experience any
trouble in making good from the jump.
NAPA ASYLUM AFFAIRS.
Recent Scandal to Be Subject of In
vestigation.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 16.—Senator
E. J. Emmons of Bakersfleld an
nounced to-night that he would pre
sent a resolution within the next few
days providing for the appointment
of a special committee to Investigate
the conditions prevailing at the Napa
State Hospital for the Insane. He
said the alleged killing of Patient Jo
seph R. Louis by attendants T. D.
Shanahan and Oscar Retzman dis
closed a condition of affairs at the
asylum that the Legislature could not
overlook and expressed the opinion
that only a special committee could
get at the bottom of the facts.
DROWNED BODY RECOVERED.— The
booy of an unknown man was found floating
in the bay yesterday near the Arctic Oil Works
at the foot of Sixteenth street. The body
evidently had been two weeks in the water.
It was that of a laborer, 5 feet B>4 inches
tall and weighing 175 pounds. Nothing was
found on the person by which it might be
Identified.
"""\uTnhoolT"
For Men Who Have Lost It
$1000 REWARD TO WEAK MEN
Let any man who is weak, broken down, old and decrepit in physical
weakness, full of pains and aches, gloomy, despondent and chperfWi
any man who wants to be stronger and younger than he fssi*3S fciZ
feit $1000 if" fall h ° W he feelB ' " 1 Say that 1 ° an CUre h,m 1 *o™
I don't want money that X don't earn. X don't need it. and am not
after it. Bnt X am after the dollars that are now *oimr wron* in the
auest of health. Look at all these poor wrecks of humanity that
spending- all they earn on drugs—done that is naralyzlnjr their vital organs,
—that have spent all they have earned for years without raining a pound
of strength for the hundreds of dollars wasted.
That is the money that I am after, because for every dollar T tav- t
can give a thousand per cent interest, and I don't want it at all . ntn i
have cured you if you will secure me. I have cured so many case* rVini
here that r can prove my claims to you, but if that proof is not .„„ii
I'll give you the names of men right near you—where you are. Is that
Most of the Belts that I am selling 1 now are to men who have been iml
here by their friends whom I have cured. I think that is the best »Ji
dence that my business is a success from the standpoint of cures aq w\\
as on the dollar side. ' ™"
Just lately I have received letters of praise from these men:
James P. Daniels 709 Devlsadero street. San Francisco. He was cun»d
of a back trouble of 12 years' standing. cured
J. M. Gaskill, 220 Chestnut avenue, Santa Cruz, Cal.. who says I cureo
him of Indigestion* Constipation, Nervousness and Lumbago, from whi<>h
he had suffered 15 years. w,,lLn
Wherever you are. I think I can give you the name of a man in your
town that I have cured. Just send me your address and let me try This
is my twenty-fourth year In the business of pumping new vim into worn
out humantty. and I've got cures in nearly every town on the map
Come and see me if you can and I'll fix you up: or, if you can't call
write to me and I'll do the same. I've got a nice book on men that I'll send
sealed, free, if you inclose this ad.
Dr. M. C, McLaughlin ?™*L r tL s t
Offlce Hours—S a. m. to Bp. m. Sundays. 10 to 1. Not sold in drug etorea.
ATHLETE ROSE
IS CRITICIZED
Giant Shot-Putter Will
Not Be Warmly Greeted
Apparently at Stanford
MICHIGAN IS PRAISED
Will Be More Honored in
Defeat Than in Victory
for Its Recent Action
STANFORD UNTVERSITT, Jan. 16.
The Dally Palo Alto, the represen
tative Stanford newspaper, takes a
whack at Ralph Rose, the University
of Michigan athlete who has recently
been barred from further participation
in college athletics. In an editorial
this evening the college editor has the
following to say regarding the fate of
the famous Eastern shot-putter:
It Is good news that Ralph Rose has been
dropped out of college athletics. Men of the
type of Rose may win field days, but they hurt
the spirit of amateur sport and do their uni
versity more harm than good. Roee, a young
Californian of great athletic ability, was "at
tracted" to Michigan in the manner that many
other fine athletes have been drawn to that
institution. He has taken part In many track
meets. He has made world's records for
Michigan. He has been extensively written
up in newspapers and magazines aa an athletic
marvel and as the only physically perfect man.
Rose, an uncultured country 'ad. grew bigger
than his college. The people of the United
Statee have taken notice and they have asked.
What is this young man in college for? A
college man has been compelled to admit that
Rose, to all appearances, is' in college for ath
letics only. The action of the Michigan board
of control will tend not only to check the
growing idea that colleges are subservient to
athletes, but it will in a measure restore the
reepect of collegians themselves for Michigan's
athletics, which have suffered greatly in pres
tige during the past few years because of the
pracUce of drawing star athletes from distant
parts of the country by means which have been
questioned. Miohigan may lose the athletic
championship of the Middle West because of
the elimination of Rose, but she will be more
honored in defeat than in victory.
CONEY ISLAND JOCKEY CLUB
MAY BUILD A NEW TRACK
Site Is Said to Be Near the New Bel
mont Park in Queens
Count)'.
NEW YORK, Jan. 16.—An appar
ently well founded rumor has been
going the rounds of turf and real es
tate circles during the past few days
that the Coney Island Jockey Club is
to build a new home. The new track,
it is said, will be situated in Queens
County, and.will lie between the towns
of Hollis and Queens, thus being neai>
the new Belmont Park, which will be
thrown open to the public for the first
time this spring.
The Coney Island Jockey Club Is
practically in the same predicament
as the Brooklyn Jockey Club. Slowly
but surely the city's limits are getting
nearer and nearer to the tracks at
Sheepshead Bay and»at Gravesend and
it is only matter of time before streets
must be cut through the tracks.
NORMAL SCHOOL BILL.
Finance Committee Favors Appropri
ations for Institution.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 16.—The Fin
ance Committee of the Senate met to
night and decided to recommend the
passage of Wolfe's bill providing for
the appropriation of $150,000 for the
purchase of a site and the construc
tion of a new normal school in San
Francisco. After slight amendments
the committee also recommended that
Markey's bill appropriating $10,000
for a police patrol boat be passed.
CASH REGISTER IS LOOTED.—Clarence
Colman. hatter, 848 Market street, obtained a
warrant from Police Judge Conlan yesterday
for the arrest of Lionel Hamley on a charge
of grand larceny. Hamley was employed in
the store and it is alleged that after it was
closed on Saturday night he returned, saying
he wanted to change his clothing. It was dis
covered yesterday morning that the cash reg
ister had been broken open and $57 stolen
Hamley failed to make his appearance at the
store yesterday morning and It is believed he
is the thief.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1905,
OUTSIDERS WIN
AT ASCOT PARK
Briarthorpe and Tim Hurst
Reach Home in Front at
Prices Which Suit Backers
ROUGH RIDER BEATEN
Is Installed Favorite in One
and One-Eighth Mile
Race and Runs Unplaced
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 16.—The unex
pected happened in three out of the six
races at Ascot to-day, three favorites
and three outsiders finishing first. The
track was sloppy. The talent guessed
correctly in the cases of the Williams'
entry In the two-year-old race, Blue
coat in the third and Ray in the sixth.
In the first Nitrate was sent over the
hurdles and won easily at 6 to L Tim
Hurst romped home at odds of 12 to 1
in the fourth. It was not thought
Hurst could run in the mud, but it
proved just to his liking.
Briarthorpe, at 15 to, was the best
of his field in the fifth and led Sheriff
Bell and Ralph Young at the finish.
Rough Rider, the favorite, ran a
shockingly bad race. Ray took the last
without trouble from Bandillo and
Eleven Bells. Starter Dwyer set Eddie
Walsh down for the remainder of the
week because of disobedience at the
post. Briarthorpe was run up to $1600,
and went to James McCafferty.
Weather cloudy; track muddy. Sum
mary:
First race, one end a quarter miles, hurdle
handicap—Nitrate. 155 (Fulks), 6 to 1. won;
Flea 150 (O. Rice), 4 to 1, second; Sceptre, 150
(Russell), 0 to 5, third. Time, 2:23. Cazador
and Count Rudolph also ran.
Second race, three furlongs—Cash Box, 111
(Dupan), 2 to 1, won; Snoweound, 112 (Fuller),
20 to 1 second; Loyal Front, 111 (Perrine), 2
to 1, third. Time, ::J6. Gallant Lady, Ca
zazza. Kitty B, Expressing, Dorothea Fry and
Ralncloud also ran.
Third race, five furlongs—Bluecoat. 115 (Ful
ler), even won: Belle Kinney, 100 (Booker), 5
to 1, second; Kehailan, 110 (Walsh), 3 to 1,
third. Time. I:o2ft. Lady Witt, The Novice,
Joe Kelly, Whltestone and Dissipation also ran.
Fourth race six furlongs—Tim Hurst, 02
fMlller) 12 to 1, won; Durbar, 85 (McDaniel),
2 to 1, 'second; Flo Bob, 104 (Walsh), 7 to 1,
third. Time, I:l4ft. Felipe Lugo and Arabe
also ran.
Fifth race one and an eighth miles—Briar
thorpe. 98 (Dillon), 15 to 1, won; Sheriff Bell,
100 <Fuller), 2 to 1, second; Ralph Young, 101
(McDaniel), 3to 1, third. Time, I:s6ft Rough
Rider also ran.
Sixth race, one mile, selling l —Ray, 103
(Kent). 6 to 5, won; Bandillo, 100 (Perrine),
12 to 1. second; Eleven Bells, 10* (McDaniel),
3 to 2, third. Time, 1:45. Sugden and Crosby
also ran.
VICTORY FOR NIXON.
Nevada Republicans Select Successor
to Senator Stewart.
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 16. —At a cau
cus of the Republicans of the Nevada
General Assembly last night George
S. Nixon was the unanimous choice
for United States Senator to succeed
William M. Stewart.
• Nixon is % Winnemucca banker and
is heavily interested at Tonopah. He
was indorsed for the office at the Re
publican State convention held last
summer. The expected opposition to
Nixon did not develop. For a time it
was feared by his friends that T. B.
Rickey of Carson, or Senator Stewart,
would oppose him.
Foster Leads in Washington.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 16.—T0-mor
row at noon the House and Senate In
separate session will ballot for United
States Senator and will meet in joint
session every day thereafter until a
Senator is elected. The probable vote
on the first ballot is indicated to-night
as follows: Addison G. Foster, 48;
Samuel H. Piles, 30; John L. Wilson,
18; Charles Sweeney, 27. The Demo
crats have four votes in each house
and they will probably be cast for ex-
Senator George Turner. It is probable
the balloting will extend for several
days.
Joint Statehood Opposed.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 16—The
twenty-third legislative assembly of
Arizona convened at noon to-day.
George W. P. Hunt of Globe was made
president. W. T. Webb of Pima, Gra
ham County, was chosen Speaker of
the House. The Assembly passed a
memorial to the Senate of the United
States protesting against joint state
hood.
Depew Caucus Nominee.
ALBANY, N. V., Jan. 16.—Chauncey
M. Depew of New York and Smith
Weed of Clinton were nominated for
the office of United States Senator to
night at a joint caucus held respec
tively by the Republican and Demo
cratic members of the Legislature.
Burkett Slated for the Senate.
LINCOLN, Neb.. Jan. 16.—Con
gressman Elmer J. Burkett, a Repub
lican, will be elected United States
Senator on the first ballot in the Leg
islature to-morrow. The Republicans
held no caucus, but are said to be
unanimous.
Kean to Succeed Himself.
TRENTON, N. J., Jan. 16.—1n a
joint caucus the Republicans of the
New Jersey Legislature to-night chose
United States Senator Kean to succeed
himself.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
INSOLVENT LABORER.—PhiIip Jenkins, a
laborer, residing "in Oakland, filed a petition
In insolvency yesterday in the United Stated
District Court. He owes $1300 on a Judgment
for alimony and has no assets.
BURGLAR PLEADS GUlLTY.—Patrick
CToole pleaded guilty in Judge Dunne's court
yesterday to a charge 9 t burglary and was
ordered to appear for sentence on January 25
On August 10 he broke into Strohmeier Bros.'
store, 1006 Market street, and was caught in
the act
CARRIER FOR "NEW BUlLDlNG.—Post
master Flsk- has been authorized to appoint
an additional carrier for the purpose of de
livering mall, to the occupants of the James
Flood building. It is expected that when the
building is completed there will be no lees
than 2000 tenants.
JAMES ARMSTRONG INJURED BY A
CAR —James Armstrong, a watchman living
at 041 Howard street, waa knocked down by a
Market-street car last night at Stockton and
Market streets. He sustained a lacerated scalp
and probably fracture of the skull. One of
his legs was badly torn.
SAYS ACCOUNTS ARB SHORT.—William
T. Raneel, tea and coffee merchant. 521 Mis
sion street, obtained a warrant from Police
Judge Mogan yesterday for the arrest o' Ray
mond St. John. 120 Sagamore street, on a
charge of misdemeanor embezzlement. St
John was a collector for Rancel, who says the
accounts are short to the extent of about $250.
MRS, STECKUER HURT.—Mrs. Dora Steck
ler of, 1117 Turk street sustained a painful
injury yesterday, when ber hand got caughl
In an Iron picket fence. The woman trlppci
and to save herself from falling she caught
hold of the fence. At the Central Emergem y
Hospital Dr. Wilson put twenty atltches in the
lniured hand.
FLYING TAM O'SHANTER FROM ASCOT PARK
MAKES A SUCCESSFUL DEBUT AT OAKLAND
Outsiders in Betting Capture Majority of the Purses
Modicum Defeats Ink
and Briers in a
»Hard Drive.
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
It was upto Isaac Tullett—or Ike,
to be In a hurry—to introduce a strange
mud lark yesterday at Oakland track.
Tarn O'Shanter was the new comer's
name and he figured as one of seven
starters in the fourth selection, a
seven-furlong selling event.
The O'Shanter horse has been rac
ing down in the southland, where the
clocks run faster than the Empire ex
press and the snowbirds die from sun
stroke. In conformation he Is long
and rangry. looking; like a hatrack
standing; on four corkscrews. Ike is
credited with owning; Tarn O'Shan
ter and for all anybody knows, he
may have secured a lease on the other
half-dozen starters in the race. Their
showing left room for such presump
tion.
The tip was a hot one, and at 9 to
5 the visitor from ■ down below was
booted In first by three lengths, while
Box Elder and Haven Run came fol
lowing after. The wrong Mr. Wright
had no influence with Suburban Queen.
Jockey Bullman on Follow Me and one
of the assistant starters came together
in a rearend collision at the start,
spoiling that horse's chance. Tarn
O'Shanter was a good thing all right.
TALENT SUFFERS REVERSES.
It was an unpleasant afternoon for
favorites. The first choices were mas
sacred with but one exception, and
the talent received as thorough a dust
ing as if shoved through a carpet
beating renovatory. Fine weather
favored the sport, but the track was
muddy and holding.
My Order carried the colors of his
new owner. Dr. Rowell. in the opening
sprint, and at odds of 10 to 1 was re
turned a winner. Travers got the out
sider away well and he led Mogreg
or and Grenore past the judges with
little in reserve. Fay Templeton, the
favorite, got away ninth and finished
ninth, all of which goes to show that
the filly is endowed with much ten
acity of purpose.
A pipe through the Lick telescope
when the snow flakes weren't flying,
made Hipponax look like the whole
works for the Futurity course run
following. Heavily played at 9 to 5
John Bullman tied up to a hitching
post at the start and that ended it.
Hulford, a 10 to 1 shot, with Longshot
Jakie Jones up, came scampering home
a length in advance of Profitable, the
smart one of the party. It Was too
bad, but could not be helped. Water
spout ran third.
BATTDOR DEFEATS BRENNUS.
Well, Mysterious Charley Bell steered
the next one, that is the next favorite.
It was Brennus, an 8 to 5 chance for
the five furlong dash. It's a short tale
to relate. At the start Bell appeared
oblivious to all surroundings. In the
stretch something aroused him from
his lethargic state, for he landed his
mount second to Batidor, a 12 to 1
shot, ridden by Minder. Georgie Black,
the early pacemaker, took show hon
ors.
Eight horses that never contested
for a derby lined up in the mile and an
eighth selling fixture. Jakie Jones has
resolved never to win on a favorite, so
Theodora L. finished third. Glenarvon, a
well preserved in liniment specimen of
the thoroughbred, also handled by
Minder, won with tolerable ease from
Langford James. The winner received
some strategic backing at 6 and 6 to 1.
There's nothing to it. Travers is a
hard luck rider. He was given the leg
up on Briers again in the concluding
number, and the mare ran third. Prob
ably because the fourth horse got
nothing. Modicum, a strong 4to 1
chance, was permitted to make his own
pace, and trudged In half a length
ahead of Ink, the second choice.
TRACK NOTES.
Starter Holtman gave Mcßride a
three days' vacation for breaking
through the barrier with Yellow Kid
in the first race.
Minder piloted two winners.
The stewards of the Pacific Jockey
Club rendered their decision in the
Knapp case yesterday, on an appeal
made by Walter Jennings against the
decision given by Judge Hamilton of
Ascot Park, awarding the services of
Jockey "Big Bill" Knapp to Puerl
Wilkerson. William S. Knapp, father
of the rider, was ruled off the turf for
swearing that he did not sign the con
tract which gave Wilkerson his son's
services. The original contract for
warded by the Jockey Club of New
York, expiring March 26 next, was
produced and is signed by both
Knapp Sr. and Big Bill. The jockey
was ordered to report to Wilkerson.
There is a probability that Walter
Jennings may now purchase the con
tract.
Knebelkamp & Co., it is reported,
refused an offer of $4000 for the con
tract on the services of Jockey Mc-
Bride.
Racing at Hot Springs.
HOT SPRING 3, Ark., Jan. 18.—Essex Park
racing results:
First race, three furlongs—EJeda won, La
vonla True second, Evea Joan third. Time,
:37.
Second race, six and a half furlongs—Henry
Lyons won, Fra Filipo second, Maraschino
third. Time. 1:24.
Third race, live and a half furlongs—Pla
toon won. Arc Light second, Gavin C third.
Time, 1:10.
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs—lrish
Jewel won. Idle Hour second, Waterford
third. Time. 1:23^4.
Fifth race, six furlongs—Mimon won, Iver
nia second. Arietta third. Time, 1:16.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards—
Klnsralne won. Roommate second. Priority
third. Time. 1:47«4.
New Orleans Race Results.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 16.—Results of to
day's races:
First race, six furlongs—Edith May won,
Flight second. Jake Sanders third. Time,
1:14. •
Se-cond race, six and a half furlongs—Allnda
won, .Telen second, Ojlbwa third. Time,
1:22 3-5.
Third race, one mile—Death won. Merry
Acrobat second. Knowledge third. Time, 1:©.
Fourth race, handicap, seven furlongs—Sis
Lee won. Old Stone second, Careless third.
Time, 1:28.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles—
Tootsle Mack won, Lee King second. Home
stead third. Time, 1:50.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards—
Gregor X won Coruscate second, Lou M third.
Time, 1:46 2-5.
ROMlv. -Tan. 16.—The Pope, ecknowledginr
the growing Importance of the Archdiocese of
Montreal, has granted the request of Arch
bishop Bruchesl to have an auxiliary bishop,
and has nominated Zolique Racirot, now Vicar
General of Montreal, to the office.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 16.—Robert Watchorn.
Commissioner of Immigration at Montreal, has
been apjiolnted commissioner of Immigration
at Ellis Island. New York, to succeed William
Williams, resigned.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND—Monday, Jan. 16. Weather cloudy. Track muddy.
7731. FIRST RAQE —Five furlongs. 8-year-olds; selling; value to first. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. Wt St. >4. fe. %. Str. Fin. j .lockey.
C220 jMy Order (H. E. Rowell) 108 1 ~. 2 lfel 2fel l'ftl 1 |Travers ...
7683 IMogregor (California Stable). 103 8 ... 5 4 2 2 2 jW. Davis..
7713 Grenore <J. Davis) 100 6 ... 8 ifeS 1 6 2 3 % Wright ... .
7713 Andvarl (Mrs. Knapp) 103 2 ... 1 ■» 2 1 2 n n |Greenfield .
7709 Glendene (Mre.. Sanders) 108 4 ... 4 % 3 lfe5 4 C! iHelgesen ..
7713 Saccharate (Napa Stock Farm) 104 5 ... A 4 h 7 3 Afe IBell
6736 Escobosa (Edwards & Co.) 107 8 ... 7 1 7 fe 8 4 7 3 H. Michaels
7726 Lily Goldlng (J. T. Collins)... 102 1 ... 8 S h 3fe82 Alvarado ..
7715 Fay Templeton (O. Dodge) 107 9 ... 9 10 9 5 9 8 » 10 Anderson ..
. Yellow Kid (Van Bokhelen)... 105 10 ...10 10 10 10 iMcBrlde ...
Horse and Owner.
14. fe. %. Str. Fin.
6 10
6 9-2
15 30
7-2 13-2
3 23-6
3 «
16 30
40 60
3 16-6
30 40
Time—:24. :60ft 1:03%. At post 4ft minutes. Off at 2:16%. Order, place. 4; ■k° w - 1 , 8 -£
Mogregor. place, 2; show," 1. Grenore, show, 6. Winner, b. g. by Order-Mollie » »•
Trained by H. E. Rowell. Scratched—The Reprobate, Herthus. San Jose, Meringue, oiai
Won all driving. .. .
My Order came through. Mogregor can run in the mud. after all. Grenore ran better-ior
Wright than he did for Helgesen. Andvari capitulated. Helgesen rode Glendene. ee'j
performed a like duty for Saccharate. Fay Templeton where are you at, you cruel, cruei
sood. aM^jHrfssv^
7732. SECOND RACE—Futurity eoursei 4-year-olds and up; eelllng; value to first, $828.
Horse end Owner.
%. Str. Fin.
OP-
10
5
15
10
7- 2
10
10
8- 5
100
Ml.
~~ 12
4
20
12
7-2
20
25
9-6
100
<659 Hulford, 4 (J. Schneckloth)..
nOS Profitable, 5 (A. Winters)
125 Water »POut. 4 (R. A. Smith)..
<059 Em Reubold, 6 (Burger & Co.)
.720 Educate, a (S. A. Hoppas)
<«03 Royal White, 5 (F. Lowrie)...
.007 Trapsetter. 4 (L H. Ezell)
.077 Hlpponax. a (A. C. Dean)
6370 |The Scot, a (W. Ronaldson)..
4 ... 1 2%t 1%1 2 11
2 ... 2 h :ih 3 1*42 \Vi
3 ... « 3 « 2 5 >6 8 1%
6 ... 8 1%2 % 4 h
7 ... BH R n6tt52
9 ... 88 8 15 73 8n
5 ... 4 % 4 2 4 14 7 2
8 ... Tl 78 8 15 8 15
1 ... 9 9 9 9
|J. Jones...
McBrlde ...
j Greenfield .
Kunz
IWrlght
| Anderson ..
Bullman ..
'Loague ....
Time—:2s. :50ft, 1:13%. At post 1 mlirote. Off at 2:3Bft. Hulford, place, 5; show, 5-2.
Profitable, place. 8-5: show. 7-10. Waterspout, show 4. Winner, eh. g. by Crlchton-
ISellie Bell. Trained by J. Brannon. Scrat chert—Bcrendos, Doublet, Yellowstone. Start
good. Won all driving.
Huh'ord spilled the gravy. Profitable had the the right of way. Educate ran a tame race.
Royal White had the blues. Trapeetter bled. Bullman on Hipponax didn't get the con
ductor'e two bells to go ahead.
7733. THIRD RACE—Five furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
7C.78
7707
7719
Batldor. 6 (Walker & McK)
Brennus, 5 <P. Lowrie)
Georgle Black. 4 (Hansen)...
Rosebud. 6 (C Parker)
Pure Dale. 5 (J. Hoeppner)
Billy Taylor, a (Hoag & Co)
Salto, 4 (Mrs. Merchant)
Aibonlta a (McAbee & D)..
The Pride, a (A. Neal)
The Jew, 4 (J. F. Clifford)...
Hugh McGowan, 4 (J. Dyer)
2 ... 6 n 5 % 4 2 13 IMInder
8 ... 4h4n 5h2 lHIBell
3 ... 1 4 1 3 3 3 iL. Fountain
4 ... 3 «4 2 1V.2 n 4 n |Alarie
I ... 7 1 7 3 7 4 5 ...
LO ... 5 h i> 1 6 h 6 % I J. Jones
7 ... 8 2 82 82 73 Bonner
« ... 2h3h |T. Clark...
5 ... 93 9 8 93 94
9 ...10 2 10 5 10 4 10 4 R. Butler..
II ... 11 11 11 11 lEarnshaw
l
6
8-5
6
15
6
20
20
7
8
100
15
1
771!)
Bsia
7048.
7078
7339
est 4
7715
Time—:23ft :60, 1:03. At post 1% minutes. Off at 3:08. Batidor. place, 5; show, 5-2.
Brennus, place, 1; show, 1-2. Black, show. 8-5. Winner, b. g. by Rey El Santa Anlta-
Florilla. Trained by P. McKennip. Scratched—Bummer, The Hawaiian, Floriana Belle.
Start jrood. Won handily. Balance drlvinsr. -
Batidor looked a certainty on a race run at the old Bay District In the fall of '89. Bell was
too strong to ride Brennua Fountain not strong enough to keep Georgie Black going.
Rosebud tried to bloom. Pure Dale late. Billy Taylor bucked as barrier was sprung.
The Pride qualified. The Jew sent his regrets.
7T34. FOURTH RACE—Seven furlonge; selling; three-year-olde and up; value to Ist, $325.
lTam O'Shanter, 5 (Howe S)
7714 [Box Elder, 4 (J. J. Moran)
(7697)!Haven Run, 4 (Harris Co)...
7724 [Suburban Queen, 5 (Wlnter&J)|
(76.85) |SterIing Towers, 6 (Stockton S)
7687 (Follow He, a (Moshier Bros)
7705 [Scotch Lad, 4 (D. A. Rpss)..
7714
5 4 2 1 1%1 3 13 13
I S 3 % 3 n 3 h 22 2h
I 1 21 45 4 8 3 n 3 3
14 5 4 5 8 6 15 5 25 4 «
|2 In 22 2 % 4 1 5 25
1 « 6 2%7 6 n 6 5 6 4
I 7 7 0 5 7 7 7
Tullett
Bell
J. Kelly....
Wright
2 9-5
10 6
4 5
5-2 18-5
8 12
4 6
100 . 150
Ill
uman ..
:Brid> ...
Time—:24%, :49fe, I:l7ft. 1:80%. At post 2 minutes. Oft at 3:34. O'Shanter, place. 1;
show. 3-5. Elder, place, 2; show, 7-10. Run, show, 4-5. Winner, b. g. by Kingston-
Ben-My-Chree. Trained by P. Del Conte. Start l>Jd. Won. easily. Balance driving.
Tarn O'Shanter broke records, according to Los Angeles time, and should have won. Box El
der ran his race, perhaps. Maybe Haven Run did, too. With the reverse English on
Suburban Queen could have tallied. Sterling Towers did his level best, for which thanks
are herewith returned. Follow Me away poorly and Bullman pulled him up.
7735. FIFTH RACE:—One and an eighth miles; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
7697
7714
7711
7711
7721
7722
7721
7722
Glenarvon, 5 (Summere Co.).
UiriK. James, 4 (W. Cotton).
Theodora L, 5 (P. E. Smith).
Sunny Shore, 5 (J. Dunn)....
Jack Habert, a (Fountain)...
Jack Little, 4 (L K Fine)..
Thorndale, 6 (W. M. Murry)
Libble Candid. 4 (Burger Co.)
4 4 12 IV.1 n 2 tM 1% Minder ....
1 2 h 1 h 2 1%1 n 2 % |Bell
2 7 6 7 6 6 2%3 >4 3 2>4|J. Jones...
3 61 4n 41 -i i -j 4 s McBrlde ..
7 5 n 5 1»»6 IS 5 (Bonner
5 8 i><,«; 275 «i 2 I
8 8 8 S S 7 3 |0. Chandler',
6 lh3h 3 Va 7 1 8 ;Graham ...|
6 S
7-2 5
5-2 11-5
6 12
H 18-5
10 10
50 60
10 16
Time— :25'i. :51%, 1:18%. I:46ft 2:00. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:58. Glenarvon.
place, 2; show, 4-6. James, place, 2; show. 1. Theodora, show, 1-2. Winner, b. g.
by Orsinl-Glenllvet. Trained by O. Summers. Start good. Won easily. Balance driv
ing.
Glenarvon the whitest stone of the cluster. Langford .Tames did his best. Theodora ran
well under adverse circumstances. Sunny Shore tired in the stretch. The two Jacks
didn't better their band. Llbble Candid stepped down and out.
7736. SIXTH RACE—One and a sixteenth miles; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
7729
7710
7729
7719
7519
7727
Modicum. 5 (D. S. Fountain)
Ink, 5 (Lamasney Bros.)
Briers. 5 (H. E. Rowell)
Fly. Torpedo, a (I* H. Ezell)
Mr. Farnum, 5 (O. Wilson)..
Play Ball, 4 (M. J. Daly)
El Plloto, a (H. W. Ho&g)...
2 1 % 1 % I
6 5 1%2 1 3 2'/ 2 2 94
3«h7 3 h 2 3 3 4
5 7 6%4h 45 4 15|
74h5h7 »15%|
4 1h3h5 2 7 6 2>i|
1 2 n 0 1 r. ' . 7 |
McBride ..
Travers ...
Anderson ..
IV, .. 1
4 4
5-2 7-2
9-5 17-10
6 10
15 16
12 ft
5 8
Taylor
W. Daly...
J. Jones...
Time—:2s. :51, 1:17V4, 1:52. At post 1 minute. Oft at 4:23. Modicum, place, 2; show,
8-10. ' Ink, place. 7-5; show, 3-5. Briers, show, 1-3. Winner, b. h. by St. Gatlen-
Moderacio. Trained by D. S. Fountain. Scratched—Royalty, Al Waddle. Start good.
Won ridden out. Balance driving hard.
Fountain rode Modicum the shortest route. Ink secured the place sll right, all wrong.
Travers, who rode Briers, 1b one of the boys who volunteered to go on the Merrimae. More
power to him. El Piloto can run in sticky going.
MITCHELL CALLS ATTENTION
TO SLUMP IN COAL TRADE
At Annual Convention He Says Work
Has Been More Irregular Than
For Eight Years.
INDIANAPOLIS, Jan. 16.—The six
teenth annual national convention of
the United Mine Workers of America
was opened to-day by President Mitch
ell in Tomlinson Hall. Nearly six hun
dred delegates were in their seats, rep
resenting every one of the twenty-five
districts. Reports from the districts
show a shortage in work compared
with previous years. In Indiana the
average has been less than three days
in the week. It is said present condi
tions would tend toward further re
duction in wages were there a scale to
be fixed this year.
In the afternoon the first order of
business was the annual report of
President Mitchell, which was given.
"The heavy falling off in membership
for the month of December, 1904," said
Mitchell, "is accounted for by the fact
that from 20,000 to 25,000 members were
on strike and exempted from the pay
ment of dues. The greatest loss sus
tained is in the Eastern bituminous
and anthracite fields. At no time since
1897 has work been so irregular and
the coal trade so demoralized."
In conclusion Mitchell said: "If the
Western Federation of Miners persist
in pursuing its hostile policy we shall
be justified In extending our jurisdic
tion and opening our doors to the
metalliferous miners."
Secretary-Treasurer Wilson's report
showed that at the close of business on
November 30, 1903, there was in the
treasury $1,106,198. The income during
the year was $851,772 and the expendi
tures $1,354,019, leaving a balance on
November 30, 1904. of $603,952. The ex
penditures were $502,246 36 in excess of
the income and of the total expendi
tures $1,067,300 47 went to aid men on
strike.
Do You Play Poker.
Bridge Whist. Five Hundred or Euchre?
If you do, buy your playing cards, score
cards, game counters and poker chips of
us. We have all the latest ideas in tally
and score cards. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
ASKS PAY FOR DEATH.—Mary E. Heavi
side, widow of Robert H. Heavlslde, and her
two children yesterday sued the United Rail
roads for $10,280 damages for the death of
the husband and father on January 12, 1904
They allege that he waa run over by a car
at the intersection of Turk and Hyde streets
on January 0.
DELIVERY WAGON AND CAR COLLIDE.
A wagon belonging to the Morton Special
Delivery ran into the dummy of a Polk
street car last night at Polk street and Austin
avenue. The car and wagon were damaged to
such an extent as to tie the cars up for some
time. Fortunately those who were seated on
the dummy lumped off and escaped injury.
CHURCH NOT IN POLITICS.
Utah Supreme Court Justice Cham
pions the Mormons.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 16.—Judge Wil
liam M. McCarthy of the Supreme
Court of Utah, a witness called for the
defense in the Smoot investigation, to
day declared that there was a tacit un
derstanding In Utah that one Senator
should be a Mormon and one a gentile.
He said the gentiles realized that If the
Mormons should unite they could con
trol and keep gentiles off the ticket,
and therefore gentiles were apprehen
sive until they knew whether they were
to get Mormon support. The Judge
said that It was his opinion that too
much importance was attached to the
church as a political factor, and that
as a matter of fact there was little In
terference.
Judge James A. Miner of Salt Lake,
formerly of the Supreme Court of Utah
was recalled to-day and testified as to
Smoot's good character and his promi
nence politically in 1890, when Judge
Miner went to Utah. Polygamy was
decreasing so rapidly, said the witness,
that he believed Utah would be better
in ten years than any State in the
Union.
William P. O'Meara, a resident of
Salt Lake City since 1890, testified that
the sentiment of young Mormons was
against polygamy, and that many of
them would be willing to have polye
amous offenses punished by the FpH
eral Government. a "
Judge Charles W. Morse of Salt Lake
City, a Judge of the District Court tes
tided in regard to the work of a sneoiai
Grand Jury In 1903, which investigated
the question of polygamous relations
The jury made a unanimous repo"? to
Sunf that "* DeW c *"s PO were
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 16.—The folio
ing Californians arrived in New TorJ
to-day:
From San Francisco— C. E
at the Cosmopolitan, J. B CrowfJi *
the Hotel Albert. R. j. Jo se at thl w *
tel Breslin. E. W M 9 r\ 0 h . e Ho "
Grenoble, G. W. Matthews a t thl n**
mopolitan, G. E. Middleton at th.S° 8 *
perial, C. A. Nares at th. he Im_
tel. J. 8. Torrance at
Square. W. S. Wheaton »„« . Herald
Cosmopolitan, M A Cheek
Breslin, C. W. Eber ein l% *v at tne
Astor, J. Klein at til « „ the Hotel
Meyerfleld Jr at the Ho?m Q eCla i re - M "
lus at the Murray Hi? WE*
atthe Cumberland ' Sande "
Horses Which Figure
Best and Mag Win
With Any Luck.
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
First rate—Mabel Bates, Saccha
rate, Maoene.
Second race—Chief Wittman, I'm
Joe, Abe Meyer.
Third race—Albemarle, The Repro
bate, I*»dy Kent.
Fourth race — Scherzo, Barney
Dreyfuss, Isabcllita.
Fifth race—Mr. Dingle, Theodora
I/, Gin Spray.
Sixth race—Judge, Gateway, Ar
cade.
BABY RACERS
START TO-DAY
The feature of the racing- across the
bay this afternoon will be the two
year-old scramble, In which a dozen
babies are carded to face the barrier.
The entire card is a fair one. The
entires are:
First race—Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds; selling:
7723 »9an Jose (Wilson) 107
7687 'Paddy Lynch (Lynch) 104
7701 Pearl Waters (Waters) 107
7685 Duet (Roach) 107
7713 'Mabel Bates (Strobel) 102
7701 *Lady Redhead (Herson) 102
T7.'tl Saecharate (Napa Stock Farm) 107
77U*> *Macene (Ezell) 102
7726 'Lady Fashion (Miller) 102
Second rate—Three and a half furlongs;
maiden two-year-olds; puree:
7672 Rfd Tenny (Browning Bros.) 109
Mazel (Murry) 109
Beau Ormonde-Circe.
7060 I'm Joe (Steel) 112
Alma Boy (Quinlan) 112
• Salvation-Sweet Caporal.
7725 Captain Burnett (Blanchi A Co.) 112
7725 Busy Bee (Patterson) 109
7725 rtiief wittman (Ferguson) 113
Gladis (Burris) 109
Del Norte-Baby L.
7660 Arestallator (Summers) 113
7725 Pemilune (Roach) 109
7725 Yolo Girl (Forbes & Co.) 100
7708 Abe Meyer (Stover) 113
Third race—Futurity course; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
(77i.'i)»Meada (Blanchi A Co.) S3
7621 Border Mark (O'Brien) 105
7715 Revolt (Gilbert) 10»
(772U)The Reprobate (Hall & Marshall) 93
(7720i«Albemarle (Quinlan) 109
(770V>*Mlmo (Sheridan) 109
,6267 'Norinne (Napa Stock Farm) so
7724 »Lady Kent (Klmberly) 104
Fourth race—One mile and fifty yards, three
year-oldis and up. selling:
(7627)»Anv1l (Murray) 101
7705 •Isabellita (Ronaldson) 104
7722 Scherzo (Pueblo Stable). 104
(7705) Barney Dreyfuss (De Neffe) 101
7663 »The Fretter (O Rourke) 109
(7722) War Times (Grossheim) 99
7728 "Dungannon (Knebelkamp) 99
Fifth race—One and a sixteenth miles, four
year-olds and up, selling:
7681 Frank Woods (Garden City Stable).... 109
7540 Achilles (McCabe) 113
7735 Theodora L (Smith) ilo7
7697 *Dr. Schorb (McNames) 104
7722 «Gin Spray (De Neffe) 104
MB •Bill Mapsie (Skinner) 104
7637 Bedncr (Cruza) 109
742S »Mr. Dingle (Tierney & Co.) 107
Sixth race—One mile, four-year-olds and up,
purse:
7730 Judge (McAlester) 112
7397 Tom Slavin (Clifford) 113
769S Darksome (Touhey) 109
7727 Gateway (Burnett) 106
7602 Arcade (Daly) 112
7727 Rector (Eckert) 109
•Apprentice allowance.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wheeling, W. Va., May 28, 1903.
Some years ago while at work, I fell
over a truck and severely irfjured both
of my shins. My blood became poisoned
as a result, and the doctor told me I
would have running sores for life, and
that if they were healed up the result
would be fatal. Under this discouraging
report I left off their treatment and re
sorted to the use of S. S. S. Its effects
were prompt and gratifying. It took
only a short while for the medicine to en
tirely cure up the sores, and I am not
dead as the doctors intimated, nor have
the sores ever broke out again. Some 12
years have elapsed since what I have de
scribed occurred. Having been so signally
benefitted by its use I can heartily recom
mend it as the one great blood purifier.
John W. Fundis.
Care Schmulback Brewing Co.
Chronic sores start often from a pim
ple, scratch, bruise or boil, and while
salves, washes and powders are beneficial,
the unhealthy maher in the blood must
be driven out or the sore will continue
to eat and spread. S. S. S. reaches
these old sores through the blood, re
moves all impurities and poisons, builds
up the entire system and strengthens
the circulation. S. S. S. is a blood
purifier and tonic combined. Contains
no mineral what-
ever butisguaran-
M 1 M ~\ M 1 teed purely veget
»»V A A able. If you have
an old sore write
us and our physi
m dans will advise
1 M , ■ » ■ without charge.
L M L km Book on diseases
of the Blood free.
The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, Ga.
JORDAN'S ant at i
fMUSEUI OF ANATOMY*
A C% 1051 JU2XXTBT.brt.sti«7U, S.J Csl. A
\ Cf Tn » L«*f tat AMoalol Mmwn in the \
A _i3L|i_- w °"d Waafcaaaaaa w any cantra«»d A)
© IVHI ipecinut on tht Coiat Eat. 36 yeara. •
A OR- JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ V wHfel ConwlHUon frae and strietiy private. \
A S Jk9m H T 1 "*""*" 1 per-onally or b» letter. A 6
\IIf nH PariftM CW« in jrarjr ea*e undertaken, \
At a tiff Wri,e ,or p " ok - rsiLeaopar mt A
'J *(I H'* BABItUai, MAtLKD PUIS. (AT
\ Jl /I, raiuacla book for mm) \
| H. S. BRIDGE & CO., if
«; MERCHANT TAILORS,
REMOVED TO f -I
i ! 112 Sutter Street*.
SAN rRAJTCISCO. ft
« Novelties in ImporLed Wear. «SMALL BOYS WHO WEST TO SEA IN A WOODEN SIEVE
SPEND LONG NIGHT ON THE SHORE OF MARIN COUNTY
Return Safely Next Day on Bosom of Friendly Tide
Five Would-Be O
lumbuses Cured of
the Wanderlust.
The five small boys who went cruis
ing on Sunday in an ancient Whitehall
beat and whose failure to return at
night caused a panic in their respective
homes and led to the sending out of
numerous search parties turned up all
right yesterday morning. Their boat
vas right-side up and the youngsters
had nothing more serious the matter
with ihem than extra keen appetites.
The condition of the boat may best
I'- judged from the fact that it was
In ugbt a few days ago for $1 25. L.
iirot.ton, the former owner, was figur
ing, on adding it to his firewood pie
•when David and Fred Paganini, 12 and
1" years old. who live at 1606 Filbert
Street, bought the derelict for that sum.
v illie Garibaldi of 2elß Gough street
was admitted to the co-partnership and
in. Sunday the three owners, with two
V} hi : r bo f' s - untied the painter which
hold the leaking shell to Fiilmore-street
wharf, hoisted a patchwork sail and
headed the wooden sieve for the open
harbor.
The tide in time took charge of the
little craft s course and by nightfall,
when the folks at home were beginning
t" send forth anxious inquiries for
tneir offsprings, the ancient Whitehall
was flung on the beach of Marin Coun
ty. The little fellows huddled together
curing the hours of darkness and early
yesterday morning started on their
hor. lPward voyage. They landed at'
Klack Point, where their parents, pre
viously notified of the boat's approach,
hist embraced the adventurers and
then marched them home to the tune
c f the soundest scoldings that ever fell
upon boyish ears. The boat now dec
rates the Paganini woodpile. The
long, dark night on the Marin shore
For the time being has taken all th*
wanderlust out of a quintet that on
Sunday was prepared to make Christo
pher Columbus look like the captain of
a. Channel street drawbridge.
Queen Has Rough Passage.
••' "Fine weather for this time of year.'' said
Captain Cousins of the steamer Queeu yester
day as he walked ashore at Broadway wharf.
••.Something terrible. Seasick from Flattery to
point Reyes." shouted a woman passenger to
an inquiring frierd on the wharf. The Queen,
ffcfm .Puget Sound for this port, rounded Flat
.tery.to And a howling norther waiting to
chase her on her southern way. After twelve
hours Boreas withdrew m favor of the south
wind, which, with a little assistance from the
east, stirred up a disturbing head sea that
caused much discern fort to those passengers
whose stomaches were not seasoned to the ups
ard downs of an angry ocean.
. Sergeant J. Deaver of the I'nited States Ma
rine COf-pa and a guard of three privates
brought five bluejacket prisoners on the Queen
from Bremerton Navy Yard. The prisoners
.w»re all in ir-.-.s and are on their way to the
prison at Mare Island to pay the penalty for
infractions of the navy regulations varying
from drunkenness to 'Oesertion.
There Was No Wolf.
'; A fishir.fr boat capsized, yesterday off Fort
Fvlnt. The Fort Point life saving crew has
tened to the rescue and the steamer Helen P.
Drc-w, coming in from San Diego, also went
to the .aid of the m»n in the water. Captaui
'tiur.iierscn of the Balsa P. Drew stopped the
steamer, lowered a boat and picked up two of
the fishermen. The life saving crew saved
I •. :hers and towed the upturned boat to
shore.
• While all this was going on the observer at
Point Lobos for the Marine Exchange was
observing and jumping to conclusions. As a
result of his observations the Marine Exchange
In a few minutes notified the L. E. White
Lumber Company that its steamer, the Helen
r. Drew, was ashore off Fort Point. The
company Immediately chartered two towboats
'and sent them racing to the Drew's assistance.
Th- tugs met the Drew coming in and fol
lowed her home, their services not being
.needed even to tow back the capsised fishing
boat.
Whaler Ready for Sea.
The whaling bark John and Wlnthrop is in
the stream and win be ready for sea as soon
as she has shipped a full crew. Although un
der the terms of their contract It Is almoet
•impossible for the green hands on a whaler
to get anything but a long ride and some
rough "xpertence in return for weary months
•if Ward work, and notwithstanding this is
whiely known, no difficulty Is being expe
rienced In shipping all the hands the John
and-. Wlnthrop needs to complete her comple
ment.
Wyoming Badly Damaged.
The United States monitor Wyoming, which
ft ently was run ashore on White Point in
Pug£i Sound, was more seriously damaged
■than at first reported. She Is now on ths
tirydeck at Brjemenon. A survey made on
the drydock showed that she had smashed In
sen-en of her plates, which are now being re
placed: The operation will cost Uncle Sam
about $30,000.
The Overdue List.
The rate of reinsurance on the German ship
Robert Rlckmers was advanced yesterday to
60 per cent. She is out 217 days from I'hlla-
Oeiphiu for Hlogo. She was spoken October 2ti
In latitude 4 degrees north, longitude 1M de
grees east. The British hark Ptork. out 119
days from Hudson Bay for London, is quoted
at 75 per cent.
Ohio on Another Cruise.
The United Statfts battleship Ohio was out
fide yesterday on another cruise. While out
»he exchsngrd a number of wireless messages
with Mare Island. Yerba Buena and the sta
tions at Point Reyes and on the Farallones.
Shipping Notes.
The Brltlnh ship Oweenee Is chartered for
lumber from Portland to Durban at 45s and
the British ship Dlmsdale, same business from
Puget Sound to a direct nitrate port at 31s ;!d.
TTe British ship Orrr«nry proceed* to New
castle, Australia, in ballast.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United Slates Coast and Geodetic Survey—
• Time and Height of High and Low Water*
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official autnorlty of the
Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
the cttv front (Mission-street wharf) about 2.1
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of Mdc Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. JANUARY _17._
fun rises 7:24
un.sets 5:18
Moon Bets 8:36 a. m.
3 "Tlmel
% I Ft.
|Tlme| (Tim*
Ft. j Ft. I Ft.
JL W !H W
17 | 1:40| 2.81 7:4S| 5.5: 2:
18 | 2:32! 2.9! 8:31! B.7! 3.
•19 I 3:2lj 2.8! 9:191 5.8) 4:
20 I 4:091 2.8 10:001 6.9 6:'
|H W| iL. W| H '
21 I 0:151 4.81 4:561 2.7110:
Si 0:55! 5.0 6:4« 2.«lll::
23 1 1:83| 6.11 6:37) 2.4|12:;
NOTE—In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are la
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—)
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given U subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference ia the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
■ranch Hydrographio Office, TJ. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal.,
January 16, 1905.
*JBA T,m * BaU on »"» tower of the Ferry
winding was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
I. a. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, V. S. N.. in charge.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Empire Coos Bay 'Jan. 17
Porno Point Aicnn & Albion..'Jan. li
Jeanle Seattle * Tacoma . ...!ja*». 17
Alamei!a : |Jan. 17
Neko '[Seattle Uan. 1"
Cascade Humboldt (Jar.. 18
Dei Norte ; Cre.-=cent City (Jan. 13
Aatuan ' Hamburg A Wav PortsiJan. 18
Aurella ■ Portland ft Astoria Jan. IS
Corona Humboldt Jar., li
Areata :-,Coof Bay ft Pt. OrfordUan. 18
Iaqua Portland ft A«toria IJan. 18
Freakwster.. .1 Coos Bay ;J«n. 19
Norwood | Seattle jJan. 19
Centralia ; San Pedro [Jan. 19
Peru New Vork via Anoou.. i Jan. 19
Coos Bay Sen Pedro ft Way PU.'Jan. 19
Columbia ! Portland ft Astoria Jan. 13
Er.terpuse H!lo jJan. ".a
Banta rtosa... San Diego ft Way Pts. Jan. 19
Point Arena. . Mrndocin - ft Pt. Arena Jan. 13
Tltania Oyster Hnrbor .Ian. 2)
Coronado ; Gray* Harbor jJan. 20
Homer Grays Harbor [Jan. 21
City Puebla. . • Puget Sound Ports. ...'Jan. 21
Manchuria....! Chin* ft Japan IJan. 21
Pomona ; Humboldt IJan. 21
Eureka i Humboldt : IJan. 21
B<*quola '. Willapa Harbor Jan. 22
Nevadan : Sratt'.e IJan. 23
Sonoma Sydney ft Way Port? .Ian. 23
lUtkOSlk... Kan Pedro ft Way Pts. Jan. 23
State of Cal... Ban Ditgo & Way Pts. Jan. 23
n. W.Elder.. Portland ft A.-torU Jan. 21
CentennialSeattle ft Tacoma Jan. 24
S. Barbara... Grays Harbor IJan. 21
San Juan New York via Ancon..iJan. 25
V Kllburn... I Portland k Way PortsiJan. V6
Umatilla Pitc*: Sound Ports.Jan. 26
Curacao | Mexican Ports IJan. 27
TO SAIL.
S. Monica..
Czarina....
Pomona....
G. W. Elder
January 17. ) (
6. Monica.. I Grays Harbor | 4 pm PW 2
Czarina Coos Bay direct...; 5 pnVPler 8
Pomona ! Humboldt 11:30 piPier J*
G. W. Elderj Astoria ft Portland 11 am Pier 24
January 18. f I
Elizabeth.. Coquille River ) 8 pmlpier 20
Vanguard.. Humboldt 112 mjPler 27
8. Bay Lo« Angeles Ports. [12 nvPler 27
Eureka Humboldt I 9 am Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt I 9 am(Pler 2
S. Cruz San Pedro * Way. I 9 ami Pier n
C. Nelson... Humboldt I 9 am Pier 20
January 19. | i
Centralia... Grays Harbor I 4 pm|Pier 10
Norwood... Los Angeles Ports. 3 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 anVPier 11
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion' « pm'Pler 2
January 30. ( I
Corona Humboldt |1:30 p Pier 9
Areata Coos B. ft Pt. Orfd'12 miPler 18
Queen Puget Sound Ports.Ill am Pier 9
Jeenie Seaf.le ft Tacoma.I f> pmlPler 20
Coronado... Low Angeles Ports. 10 amiPler 10
January 21. \
Brtakv.-ater , Coos Bay direct....j 5 pmiPier 8
Point Arena Point Arena | 4 pmjPter 2
City Panam \ ft, Y. via Anron..; 1 iim'f'ier 4«>
Neko i Hamburg ft. Way.. 10 amiPler 19
Aurelta ! Astoria ft Portland: 4 pmi**ter S«
Alameda... ' Honolulu Ill amiPler 7
January 33. I I
Coos Bsy... ■' San Pedro * Way.j 9 am|Pler 11
ffi>!'mbla.. | Astoria & Portlandlll amIPier 2*
S. Rosa San Diego ft. Way.j 9 am'Pier 11
January 34. I 1
Homer j Grays Harbor ;12 m|Pler 2
January 35.
City Puebla) Puget Sound Ports'll amIPier 9
January 36. I |
Nevadan...: Hono. ft Kahulul.J iPler —
Sequoia Wiiiapa Harbor J 4 pmJPier 20
January 37. I
Centennial. 1 Seattle & Tacoma.; 5 pra.Pier 20
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer.
imer. Destination. | Sails.
fe City.. Skagway ,<fc Way Ports. l.Tan. 17
in j Skagway & Way Ports. !Jan. 17
Clara.. ■ Valdez & Seward Ian. 84
win Skagway & Way Ports.|Jan. 24
na Skagway £ Way Po*ns.jJan 21
SHII'PIXG IXTELLIGLXCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, January 10.
Stmr State of California, Thomas. 41 hours
from San Diego end way ports.
Stmr James S. Higgina. Higgins. 27 hours
from Snn Pedro.
Stmr Arctic. Nelson. 34 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Arixonan, Tapley. 60 days from New
York, via San Diego 41 hours.
Stmr Brunswick, Ellefsen. 15 hours froth
Fcrt Bragg.
Stmr Vanguard, Odland, 31 hours from Eu
reka .
Stmr W. H. Kruger. Norberg, 116 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound south, put In to land
ra^senrers.
Stmr Helen P. Drew. Gunderson. 46 hours
from Diego
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 36 hours from San
Pedro. ,
Stmt Phoenix, Walters, 38 hours from Eu.
reka.
Stmr Queen, Cousins, 64 hours from Vic
toria.
Stmr Elizabeth, Jensen. 52 hours from Ban
don.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Czarina, Duggan, 58 hours from Coos
Bay
Bktn T. P. Emigh, Ipsen, 85 days from
Newcastle Aus.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, 3 hours from
801 l nan.
CLEARED.
Monday, January 18.
Stmr Whittier, Dickson. Portland. *
Str George W. Elder, Randall. Portland and
Astoria, 8. F. and Portland 8 8 Co.
SAILED.
Monday. January 18.
U S stmr Ohio Logan, cruise.
Stmr Samoa. Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Whittier, Dickson, Portland.
Stmr San Pedro, Jacobs, San Pedro.
Stmr W. H. Kruger, Norberg, Ban Pedro.
Stmr Francis H. Leggett. Relners. Astoria
Schr Czarina. SchmalS. Pirate Cove.
, Schr Newark, Johnson. Blxbys Landing.
6chr Ida A. Beck. Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan. 16, 10 p. m.—Weather
cloudy; wind NW; velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA —Arrived Jan 16—Stmr Roanoke,
from Seattle; stmr Northland, henoe Jaa 14.
Sailed Jan 15—Stmr Despatch, for Ban Pedro.
Sailed Jan 16 —Schr Americana, for San Pe
dro.
COOS BAY—Sailed Jan 16—Stmr Areata, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Jaa 16—Stmr Breakwater, hence Jan
THE SAM FRANCISCj) CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY ,17, 1905.
UNITED STATES MONITOR WYO
MING, DAMAGED IN ACCIDENT
ON PICBT SOUND.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 10-5 n. m
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported fur the previous day:
Boston 22-li>|Xew York 22-18
Chicago It-Ob Philadelphia 26-20
Cincinnati 22-utl Pittsburg 22-o*i
Honolulu, H. 1..74-«2<t. Louis 20-12
Jacksonville 4«-;:2. Washington 2S-14
New Orleans .. .40-2t;i
SAN FRANCISCO 56-50
Th? following are the' seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
iast season and the rainfall In the last twen
ty-four hours;
Last This I.*st
Stations. 2* Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.04 18.37 20.12
Red Bluff 0.5S 1T.58 12.»4
Sacramento "0.18 10.52 4.80
San Francisco 0.44 11.41 6.31
Fresno 0.20 6.41 0.94
Independance Trace 0.67 0.42
San Luis Obispo.. 0.42 7.19 0.82
Los Angeles 0.56 0.06 0.45
San Dtego 0.68 4.81 0.42
THE COAST RECORD.
STAT ION 3.
|
r>
3
2 S 0
& 35 *J
la 11 <|
19 » .
7>
to
a
3
a
n
B
r
o
3
Baker 30.12 40 34 SW Bain .08
Carson 20.00 50 SO N Cloudy .00
Kureka .10.12 52 50 N Cloudy .04
Fresno 30.02 58 50 X Cloudy .20
E. Farallon..%.'). 05 54 63 NW Clear .H'J
Flagstaff 29.02 44 14 8 Snow T.
Pocatello 3O.02 44 36 W Ctiudy .00
Independence .20.8O 52 30 SE Cloudy T.
IjOS Ang°les. .29.04 60 64 E Cloudy .58
Mt Tamalpa!s.30.)>6 48 44 NW Pt.Cldy .44
North Head. .30.18 46 44 SE Cloudy .18
Phnenlx 20.02 84 50 W Cloudy- .02
Point Reyes..30.01 32 49 NW near .03
Portland 10.20 42 40 NW Cloudy .02
Red Bluff 3T.02 68 48 NW Clear .58
ROMbaxs 30.16 50 40 SW Clear .04
Sarramento . .30.o2 r.6 46 NW Clear .IS
Salt t«ke 30.04 30 28 SE Pt.Cldy .00
San Francisco.30.06 r-8 50 W Clear .44
S. L. Ofcispo. .30.00 60 60 W Clear .42
San Diego 29.?H 62 56 W Cloudy .68
Seattle 30.20 52 84 SE* Pt.Cldy .06
Spokane 30.18 36 32 SW Cloudy .20
Tatoosh 30.14 HO 46 S Cloudv .08
Walla Walla.3o.2rt 36 26 SE Rain .06
Wlnnemucca .30.02 42 26 N Cloudy .00
Yuma 20.90 06 50 NW Rain .14
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The pressure is rising steadily over the
northern half of the Pacific Slooe.
Rain has fallen In Southern California and
Arizona, with snow In the mountains. A
thunderstorm Is reported at Yuma.
Foreriut made nt San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnirht. January IT:
California, north of Tehachapl—Fair Tu?s
dav cooler; light north wind.
California, south of Tehachapl—Clearing
Tuesday. cweler; light north winds.
N»vada—Cloudy Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Tuesday:
llpht north wind.
Dos Angeles and vicinity—Cloudy Tuesday,
probably c'earinr durlne. the day: light east
wind?, changinc to ncrth«»r!y.
Sacramento—Fair, cooler Tuesday: light
north wind.
Prfp.r.o—Fair, cooler Tuesday: light north
wind.
A. G. McADTE. District Forecaster.
14 and not rtmr Czarina, aa before reported.
Sailed Jan 16—Stmr F. A. Kiiburn. for As
to Arrived Jan 16—Stmr F. A. Kllburn. from
E RorTH BEND —Sailed Jan 16—Schr William
Ren ton, for San Pedro.
POINT REYES—Passed Jan IC. 7:30 a m—
Stmr W. H. Kruger. from Gray* Harbor, for
San Pedro.
Passed Jan IC. 10:50 a m—Stmr Eureka, from
Eureka, for San Francisco: 10 a m—Stmr
Czarina from Coos Bay, for San Francisco.
REPONDO—Arrived Jan 14—Stmr Asun
cion, hence Jen 12. and sailed for Port Har
f °POßT HARFORD—Arrived Jan 16—Stmr
Coos Bay. her.ee Jan 14, and sailed for San
Pedro; stmr Asuncion, from Redohdo.
SEATTLE —Arrived Jan 15—Stmr Nevadan,
hence Jan 12 •
Sailed Jan 16. 2 p m—Stmr Montara, for
San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR—Arrived Jan 15—Stmre
Homer and G. C. Llndauer, hence Jaa 12.
Sailed Jan 15 —Schrs Comet and Caroline,
for San Pedro: schrs Sbphie Christenson and
Henry Wilson, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH—Passed Jan 16— Schr Samar,
from Redondo. for Everett.
Passed in Jan 16—8chr R. W. Bartlett,
from Redondo.
Passed in Jan 16—Schr Prosper, from San
Pedro, for Ballard.
SANTA BARBARA—Arrived Jan 16—Stmr
Santa Rosa, hence Jan 15, and sailed for San
D s£ned Jan 16—Stmr Coos Ray, for San Pe
dro, via way porta.
SAN PEDRO —Arrived Jan 16—Schr S. T.
Alexander, from Portland; schr Susie M. Prum
mer, from Everett; schr Alpha, from Wills pa
Harbor.
Sailed Jan 16—Stmr Fulton, for San Fran
cisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
MANILA—Sailed Jan 14—U S stmr Logan,
for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE —Cleared Jan 14—Ship Edward
Bewail, for Cavite, and passed down Spar
rows on Jan 15.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG —Arrived Jan 14—Br skip For
rest Hall, from New York.
TENERIFFE- Arrived Jan IB—Ger stmr
Haihor. hence Sept 1(5. tor Hamburg.
SYDNEY. X SW —Arrived Jan 13—Br etmr
Indradio, frcm Manila.
PORT SAlD—Arrived Jan jf fpft stmr
All-ante. from Liverpool, lor Manila.
NAGASAKI —Sailed Ja.i 16—L 1 S stmr Dix.
for San FrsneipCO, via Honolulu.
OYSTER HARBOR—Arrived Jan 16—Nor
stmr Titania. froßß San Diego Jan li—Stmr
Edith, hence Jan 10.
YOKOHAMA —Arrived Jan 16 —Stmr Mon
golia, hence Dec ?S.
HAMBURG— Sailed Jan 14—Gcr BtBU itauri,
for —.
LIVERPOOL Sailed Jen 14—Br stmr Ping
Suey, for Puget .Sound, via China and Japan.
( M EAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK Off Nantucket lightship Jan
U Btmr Finland, frcm'Dover and Antwerp.
SHIELI S -Sailed Jan 14—Stmr Helicglav,
for New York.
PALERMO Sailed Jan 15—Stmr Blavonia.
for New York.
NAPLES—Arrived Jan 16—Stmr D*"Utsch
land, from New York. Jan 14—Stmr Perugia,
from X< w York.
irailed Jan It stmrs Germanic, Liguria and
Cretlc, for New York.
BOLOGNE—SaiIed Jan 15—Stmr Moltke,
for New York. Jan 14 —Stmr Rotterdam, tor
New fork. m
BREMEN—SaiIed Jan 15—Stmr Branden
burg, for New fork
HAMBURG -Sailed Jan 10— Stmr Itacura.
tor Sr.n Francisco.
Arrived Jan 13 —Stmr Patricia, from New
York, vh. Dover.
LIVERPOOL sailed Jan 14—Stmr Ping
Suey. for Seattle
Arrived Jan i Stmr Ivernla. from New
York.
GENOA—Arrived Jan I«—Stmr Deutschland,
from New York \la Naples.
GIBRALTAR Jrfh 16—Stmr Koenlgen
Luise, from Genoa and Naples, for New York.
YOKOHAMA—Arrived Jan 16—Stmr Mongo
lia, from San iSartctsco, \ .a Honolulu, for
Hiogo, Nagasaki. Shanghai and Hongkong.
Memoranda.
Per bktn T. P. Emigh. from Newcastle.
Aut., Jan 16— Sailed Oct 23. Had light va
riable winds to the equator, which we crossed
50 days out. In long 14* W. Had light NNE
winds ÜBtil Jnn 12. <">n the same date, when
15 miles W of the Farallon Islands,' experi
enced a succession of S and SE gales, with
high, confused sea. Ailing decks to the rails
with water and washing overboard everything
movable on deck. Blew cway main and mlz
zen sails.
SUPREME JUDGE A WITNESS
IN THE MAIN-HAYES CASE
Justice Henslinw Tell--, of Bonus to Be
Given With Sale of Standard
Cement Bonds.
Justice F. W. Henshaw of the Su
preme Court was one of the witnesses
yesterday at the renewed hearing in
Judge Seawell's department of the case
of Charles Main against Thomas R.
Hayes for the reebvery of $45,000 stock
in the Standard Portland Cement Com
pany, said to have been received by
Hayes as a bonus in the purchase of
bends of the corporation for Main.
Judge Henshaw was a director in the
company and said that $500,000 in bends
were issued and they were underwrit
ten by his brother. William G. Hen
shaw, and W. J. Dingee. Twenty
shares of the company's stock were to
have been given with each $1000 bond,
and, so far as he knew, this arrange
ment was carried out, as none of the
10,000 shares given to Henshaw and
Dingee had been returned to the com
pany.
Dingee, called as a witness, said that
he was absent in the East when most
of the bends were sold by Henshaw
and he had no personal knowledge re
garding the transaction with Hayes.
For that reason questions as to the
bonus given with the sale of bonds
were ruled out by the court.
Charles Main, the plaintiff, who is 87
years old, was called, but had o-nly tes
tified to his Business relations with
Hayes and his absolute confidence in
him, when the trial was continued un
til this morning.
JUSTICE IS A WITNESS
IN HIS OWN COURTROOM
Judge Van, Nostrand Called by Com
plainant In Civil Suit and Testi
fies Under Oath.
For the first time in the history of
the Justices' Court in this city, a Jus
tice of the Peace was called as a wit
ness in hi* own courtroom yesterday.
Justice Van Nostrand had the honor
of appearing as a witness in the case
he was hearing and his testimony did
not in the least please the complain
ant, who called him.
The case was that of William John
son against G. Pistolesl to recover
$290 on the release of a bond. Be
fore the case had gone very far, John
son insisted on calling Van Nostrand
as a witness on his behalf, the suit
having been up In that Justice's court
some time ago. The Judge did not
want to go on the stand without being
sworn and he called Justice Lawson
to perform that ceremony.
Van Nostrand proved, a star witness
and when cross-questioned by the rival
attorneys he never wavered. Johnson
was much dissatisfied with the Judge's
testimony, but it was admitted as evi
dence. The case waa continued till
February 6. . .
WIL-ZINBKI JOINT VHUU— The will of
Abraham WiUinekl, who died on January 7,
was filed for probate yesterday by his daugh
ters, Dora Hyman and Prances Brack. The
document dated April 9. 1902. Is signed Joiut
ly by himself and wife, Johanna, who died
January 11. last year. The estate consists
chiefly of realty in the towns of Visalia, Ma
dera and Vallejo. and it la to be divided
among three daughters, with $8000 set aside
in trust for a grandson. Raymond T. Hyman.
ORDER STREETS
TO BE REPAIRED
Supervisors Make Formal
Demand on Yorke Company
to Carry Out Its Contract
PENALTY FOR REFUSAL
Works Board Directs That
Holes on Market, From 4th
to 6th, Be Filled at Once
The Supervisor's Finance Committee
yesterday adopted a resolution making
a formal demand on F. M. Yorke
& Co. that the repairs to bitu
minous streets be resumed at once. In
the event that the firm refuses to com
ply the Board of Works is requested
to cancel the contract and take neces
sary steps to award a new contract for
the work. The resolution follows:
Whereas, the streets paved witr. bituminous
roc k art rapldiy baa a source at daaxer
because r-;>d!rs ulstntiN aeXlefl are not ueiiis
made, and
V\ pa****, the firm of K. II Yorke & Co..
witn which the Board of Public Works has
enter**! into i niltr—l for the repairs of said
streets, ann.nuici-.s that it will no; make the
r.-eded repairs until cc-rtaln demands be paid,
ana
Wnere&a. the testimony of many witnesses,
including the manager of said r.rm, showed
that th« Ccmands MN not in accord with the
contract enured into by the Board of Public
Works with sail! Arm. Inasmuch as sJlowaacia
had been insele at the discretion ot the DUpee
tor either in superficial area of Increased prlee,
such allowances not having been designat •! in
the specifications, and
Whereas, M Is against sound public policy
to allow a variation from the strict terms of
the Ip* incatlons. at the discretion of Inspec
tors, thavtrfoae, be it
Itaaorrsd. That the Finance Committee of
the Board of Supervisors hereby declares that
It will approve der.iands on the treasury for
impairs to h'tuminoufc streets when the same
ar- in accord arittf the specifications on whiih
the contrr.ct in based; ;-nd
Re.«oived. That this committee r'riuesis the
Be* id of Public Works to demand of tin- firm
of F. M. Yorke & Co. that a certain block,
to be designated by said board, bo repaired la
accordance with the .specifications, eotaaeosa
tloii therefor to be base-d solely on the contract
and specification*, no allowance not mentioned
In the contract and specifications to be made;
and further ,
Resolved. That upon the nft-lect or refusal
of said firm to perform work under the contract
and in accordance with the specifications the
Board of Public Works be requested to cancel
the contract, prepare :"*w specifications, ad
vertise for bids and enter into a ;*ew contract
In accordance with the requirements or the
law.
Commissioner of Works Aigeltinger
appeared before the Finance Commit
ter to arrive if possible at some agree
ment whereby the repairs to bitumi
nous pavements may be resumed by
F. M. Yorke & Co., who have
discontinued work owing to their de
mands for August and September hav
ing been refused payment. The com
mittee explained that the August bill
had been rejee-ted because it was re
garded as excessive and because un
due allowances had been made for
surfaces recovered with bitumen. Ai
geltinger reiterated his previous dec
laration that the Board of Works was
desirous of improving the deplorable
condition of the streets. Aigeltinger
later decided to serve a peremptory
notice on F. M. Yorke & Co. to resur
face the many chuckholes on "Market
street between Fourth and Sixth
streets.
FATHER GREY EXAMINED
IN ROOM AT ST. JOSEPH'S
Aged Priest's Memory Tested by
Questioning of Lawyers in His
Case Against Brennan.
On account of the age and illness of
Father P. J. Grey the hearing of his
suit against Dr. Thomas F. Brennan
for the recovery of more than $37,000
was shifted yesterday from Judge
Sloss' courtroom to St. Joseph s Home,
where the plaintiff was examined in
his own room. Judge Sloss, Clerk*
Mann, the stenographer, the attor
neys and the defendant were present.
Father Grey, who had just arisen
from his sick bed. underwent the
day's ordeal with an energy that be
lied his years.
The examination was a test of
memory. He said that he was 92
years old and was made a priest dur
ing the last French revolution. He
was nearly blind and unable to read,
he said, or he would have been at
tending to his duties at St. Patrick s
Church, the buHdlng of which had
been under his direction.
To the questions of his attorney, M.
C. Hassett. the venerable plaintiff told
of the circumstances of the with
drawal cf his funds from the Hiber
nia Bank by Brennan. He said Bren
nan had advised him to take the
money out. as the bank "was tattling
to the Bishop," and told him that the
Crocker-Woolworth Bank was a safe
place to put it. He insisted that
Brennan merely acted as his agent in
the transfer.
Asked on cross-examination as to
some of the matters which had slip
ped his memory. Father Grey admit
ted his forgetfulness and said shrewd
ly that he only wanted to get his
money and hoped the Judge could get
it for him, but he was afraid he
"could not break into their iron box."
He remembered, he said, the first time
he had met Brennan. He visited him
on a sick call and found him without
money. He gave him coin and sent
him into the country to recover.
Good Printing.
If you want good, attractive printing,
the kind that brings business, call and
see us. "We print business cards, letter
heads and all kinds of commercial sta
tionery. Prices right. Sanborn,' Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street. •
RELEASED AND REARRESTED.—S. M.
Mason, who has Just finished a two years' sen
tence, was arrested at San Quentin yesterday
afternoon by Detective Joseph Day of Portland
and Detective Reynolds of this City and will
be sent to Portland this morning. It Is alleged
that Mason committed the crime of forgery in
the northern city shortly before he was sent to
prison in this State, and he will now be taken
back for trial.
ADVERTISEMENTS;
If There Is^"^jg J^? M ' er *
roi Sale by SAN FRANCISCO 6AS & ELECTRIC CO., 415 POST ST.
MANY NATIONAL
BODIES COMING
Coast to Have Seventeen
Great Conventions This
Year, So Reports Wright
•
STATE OBTAINS NINE
Promotion Committee Has
Advices Regarding the
Interest in California
"Nine national conventions will be
held in California during the present
year and eight national conventions
will be held In Oregon," said Hamilton
Wright, chief of the publicity bureau
of the California Promotion Committee,
who arrived in the city last night after
an extensive trip throughout the East.
Mr. Wright has been traveling as
the special commissioner of the com
mittee and arranged for conventions
which will be held in California this
year.
From all indications," said Mr.
Wright, "the travel to California this
ye-ar will be the biggest ih the history
of the State. My information as to this
is based on three things, iirst of which
is the fact that the executives of the
big railroads told me that their pas
senger agents throughout the country
are receiving a larger number of in
quiries from people who"want to come
to California than ever before. The
second of these is the conventions men
tioned, and the other is the Portland
Exposition and the tourist business
generally, which will
large. Besides the tourist business
there will be a large colonist travel,
and the large railroads are bringing
out more household goods than ever
before." Mr. Wright continued:
James ("hatltcn. chairman of the Trans
continental Passenger Association, in Chicago,
said that lie thought this year would be far
ahead of last year. People are beginning to
have a more substantial and accural* idea of
the State than ever before. Of course th're
are millions who do not know anything at all
about California. On the other hand then
are hundreds who know what has been dsne
in the way of irrigation and who know tVi 3
opnortufiltles for the small farmer in this
State. Tn every one of the cities I visited the
daily newspapers gsve me interviews ranging
from SOO to 1200 words. They seemed to think
it was news matter and the city editors were
811 glad t > publish matter about California.
This was the best sort of advertising for the
State «ad has had the result of placing the
committee In correspondence with hundreds of
people, as the newspaper* all said that infor
mation about the State could be had by writ
ing to the committee.
I arranged with seven large magazines in
the Eas.i for the publication of California ar
ticles. One of the large weeklies, with a cir
culation of almost Ooo.oco, will publish a
Pacific roast number giving particular atten
tion to Callfornn. Some of th; magazines ar
ranged to publish a serle* of articles on Cali
fronla and orh rs to publish California num
ber". This will all be done without charge
and It shows how the East is interested In
California
ARGUMENT IN MONNIER
WILL CONTEST BEGINS
Young Man's Counsel Pleads for a
Share in Wine Merchant's
Big Estate.
Theodore J. Roche, who Is associat
ed with Matt Sullivan as counsel for
George Monnier Jr., contestant for a
share in the estate of his father, the
late wine merchant, began his opening
argument yesterday afternoon in
Judge Graham's court. The hearing
of the witnesses in the case was con
cluded in the morning with the testi
mony of Mrs. Monnier Sr., who
changed some statements made by her
upon previous examination. Mrs. Mon
nier said that she had had time to re
fresh her memory and was able to
vouch for the corrections.
Roche began his argument by saying
that if the proponent lost the suit,
she would still have the $45,000 man
sion and half the vast estate left by
Monnier, whereas, if his client lost, he
would be penniless and the medical
testimony of the trial showed that he
was incapable of steady work.
Roche declared that all the testi
mony introduced showed conclusively
that George Monnier was the Illegiti
mate son of the wine merchant and
that the deceased often admitted it.
Notwithstanding this, he added, the
contestant was entitled to his rights as
the adopted son. * ,
At this point the court ordered an
adjournment until 10 o'clock this
morning, when Roche will continue
his argument.
Boiler-Maker Draws Too Much.
A suit for an accounting was filed
yesterday by R. J. Brady, administra
tor of the estate of Philip B. Brady,
against William J. Brady and the Eu
reka Boiler Works. Philip Brady died
October 1, last. According to the com
plaint, he Invested in 1889, $1000 in a
fourth interest in a boilermakirig busi
ness of which William Brady owned
half and John Traynor a third. Tray
nor withdrew In May of last year
and it Is alleged that William Brady
ha.= received $30,500 more than his
just proportion of the receipts, for
which he refuses to account. The as
sets of the concern are now said to be
worth $182,000 and Philip Brady's In
terest is valued at $45,000.
Seymour Funeral Not Paid For.
Susan C. Seymour, widow of the lats
Simon H. Seymour and special admin
istratrix of his estate, who is contest
ing the will in which he left her only a
small part of his $300,000 worth of prop
erty, has refused to pay the bill of the
undertakers, N. Gray & Co., for "labor
and materials" furnished for his fu
neral.- The fact is recited in the peti
tion of C. S. Wright, assignee of the
firm's claim for $1143, who asks that
the widow be cited to show cause why
the bill should not be paid. The chief
items of the bill are $900 for the casket.
$66 for eleven carriages and $20 for
eight carriers. Judge Kerrigan will
hear the matter next Monday.
Electro-chemistry
Again t&Kes the place of
SURGERY
X
Capt. Carney. In speaking* of his cure
by Electro-Chemistry, ■ays: "I suffered
from a big tumor on the side of my neck. It
was In a dangerous place. I consulted two
surgeons regarding It. Both said an opera
tion was necessary to save my Ufa An opera
tion would have been expensive and owing to
the location of the growth tt would have been
dangerous. I did not like the Idea 9l the
knife any way. I read In the paper about
i the Electro-Chemic treatment. I read that
consultatftkn and examination at the Electro-
Chemlo Institute was free, so before consent
ing to surgical treatment I decided to have a
talk with the Electro-Chemic specialists. That
was a happy day for me, because in a very
short time at a little expense and with no
suffering or pain whatever I have been thor
oughly cured by Electro-Chemistry. No won
der the Electro-Chemic patients are willing to
give these public testimonials as to the cura
tive effects of this wonderful new treatment.
It surely gives me greet pleasure to do so."
(Hlffafln
CAPTAIN THOS. F. CARNET.
355t4 Clementina at.
San Francisco. Cal.
rprr consultation
I l\ L L EXAMINATION
Electro-Chemlstry is doing wonderful things,
no doubt of that. The weekly testimonials of
I well-known people living right here In San
Francisco Is ample proof. Any one suffering
from the following mentioned diseases will do
well to consult the Electro-Chemlo specialists
while It tan be done absolutely free of charge.
Al! sufferers are invited. Electro-Chemlstry
cures quickly, permanently and cheaply with
out operation CONSUMPTION. CATARRH,
ASTHMA. BRONCHITIS. DEAFNESS RING
ING EARS. CANCERS. TUMORS, ECZEMA,
BLOOD POISON. SKIN DISEASE. RHEU
MATISM. NEURAIX3IA. LOCOMOTOR
ATAXIA. PARALYSIS. SPECIAL DISEASES
OF WOVEN—IR R FGULA RTTIFS. DIS
PLACEMENTS. PAINFUL PERIODS. WEAK
PVCKS. DIZZINESS. FAINTING SPELLS,
OVARIAN PAINS ULCERATIONS: SPE
CIAL DISEASES OF MEN—PROSTATITIS.
FTp.7f-TURE, VAJUOOCfi LE. LOSS OP
STRENGTH. NERVE EXHAUSTION. ETC.
HOME TREATMENT—The Eleetro-Chemlo
treatment Is the most successful known for
h« me application An expensive Electro-
Chemic outfit Is loaned free to patients living
at a distance. They should come for personal
examination or write for full instructions re
garding home examination and treatment. It
is always best, however, for the patient to
come for the personal examination If possible.
The Elßctro-CliemlG Institute
118 Grant Aye., Cor. Post St,
San Kr-noiico, ( al.
Office hours —0 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 8
p. m. dally: Sundays, 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
Separate apartments for ladles and gentlemen.
carters! ctre sick BEADACflE 
■■ittle Genuine Must Bear
IJVER Fac-Simile Signature
OCEAN TKAVEIa
e Steamers of company, or
for which It is agent. leave
Piers l> and 11. San Fran-
For Ketchikan, Wrangel,
Juneau, Treadwell. Haines,
Skaguay, etc., Alaska—lt a.
m.. Jan. 15, 20, 25. 30. Feb.
4. Change to this company's
steamers at Seattle.
Fcr Victoria. Vancouver, Anacortes, Port
TownsenC, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, South
Bellinghtm, Bellingham—ll a. m., Jan. 18, 2«.
25 '!0 Feb. 4. Change at Seattle to this com
pany's' steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.;
at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p. m. Jan. 17. 23. 29. Feb. 4. Corona,
1:30 p.' m.. Jan. 14, 20. 26. Feb. t.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa.- Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
. For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crui. Mon
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, » a. m.. ian. 14, 22. 30, Feb. 7.
Santa Crux (freight only). 9 a. m. Jan.
IS, 26.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. Ssn Jose del
Cano. MaXatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia,
Gnayroas (Mex.). 10 a m.. 7th of each month.
For further information obtain folder. Right
it reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES—4 New Montgom
ery st (Palace Hotel*. 10 Market St.. and Broad-
Way wharves, Frelsrht Office 10 Market st.
C D DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st.. »11l
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
• AMERICA N LINE.
Ftvwouth—- rrnerh'vurr— Southampton.
St. Louis Jan. 2* •'t. Paul Feb. 11
Philadelphia ...Feb. 4 New Y0rk.....-Feb. .H
ATLAHTIC transport line. #
New Vrk—London Direct.
Menominee Jan. 28' Mesaba Feb. it
Mlnnetonka ...Feb. 4 Marquette Feb. i 8
RED STAR LINE.
Brew Yorki— Antwerp—London—"aria.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris
Vaderland Jin. 28 Zeeiand Feb. it
Kroonland Feb. 4 Finland Feb. 18
WHITE STAR LINE.
rtevr Tork —Oueenntowra —T-Wemo^l.
Baltic Feb. 1 Oceanic. Feb. 15. 2 pm,
Teutonic. Feb. 8. 10 am Majestlc.Feb 22. 10 am
Hortoa—-Of «n*t°* n: » —Liverpool.
Wlritfredian Feb. 8 Cymric Martti I
NEW YORK AWD BOSTON DIRECT
To the Mediterranean,
Via Asores, Gibraltar Naples. Oanoa.
Ale-rsvAria.
FROM NEW YORK.
CRETIC Feb. 4. noon; Mar. 18. noca
REPUBLIC Feb. 25. noon,
FROM BOSTON.
ROMANIC. .Jan. 28. 3:30 p. m : Mar. 11.1 p.m.
CANOPIC Feb. 18. 8:30 a. m.
C D TAYLOR Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
•1 Post St., San Francisco.
QceanicSaSaCft.
8 8 ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Jan. 21. 11 A.M.
X S SONOMA for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney. Thura. Feb. 2. 1805, 2 P. M.
8. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Feb. 7, 11 A. M.
] C,Sf RECKELS4 BHOS. CO., AguVflCketClCSot) *»>
iet I itmi jjg 327 arm si. Fiar ?, racm ;:.
COMPASRIE BSHM4LE TIUNSATLAHTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE—ParIa —
Sailing every Thursday instead of
Saturday, at 10 a.m.. :rom Pier 42.
Nortn River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre $70 and upward. Sec
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets' sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
■ 1 ! ■ "" . ' P
KOSMOS LIKE, SAX ERAKCISCO.
FASBFNOER SERVICE.
Bteamahip "AMASIS" will sail from Saa
Francisco, February 2, 1905. for Europe via
ports on the weat coast of Mexico, Central and
South America. Steamship "ABSUAN" will
sill February 18. 1906. For rates and accom
modations apply M. GRAY. Man
ager, 32i> Market street.
Tor V. S. Kavy Yard and Vallajo.
btrs General Friable, Montkcello and Arrow
9:45 a.m.. 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m., 6 p.m.. 8:30
p.m.; Sundays, 8:46 a.m.. 11:30 noon. 6
8-30 p.m. Leave Vallejo. 7 a.m.. 9 am.. 12:30
8.m.. 8:15 p.m. (»6:45 p.m. Saturday). 0 am.
undays, 7 a.m.. 8 a.m.. p.m 6
2. foot Mission si.; phone Main 1608. HATCH
1112
** a Long rtLT want is shortly supplied
THB^CALL
.loHX I>. SPKECKELS... -PFQ-^tejgr
Address communications to
JOHX McNAUGHT. ~ ....Manager
YV. .(. waktin Business lißnßger
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con
nect You With the Department \c.u wtsn.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson at.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Ct*. Per Week. 75
" C's Pt Month. Sins'.c Copies 5. Cts.
Term* by .Mail Including Postage (Cash With
DAILY CALL ilnclud. Sunday), 1 year.. .SS.<""O i
DAILY CALL rinclud. Sunday), 6 mos
DAILY CALL- By :-lng!e Month «;>-
SUNDAY CALL. I Year J-JS
WEEKLY CALL, I Year lUU .
VOKKTRV ' Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
FOREIGN . WeeUy 1.00 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. ; Daiu . .ss.s»o Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re
quested.
Mall subscribers in rrdering change of ad
drees shouli be particular to give both N£.«v
ANef OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
pron;pt and correct compliance with their re
quest.
OAKLAND O?'FICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE.
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
■SAMUEL W. WALL Post Building
NEW" YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31
Union Square: Murray HIU Hotel. Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
.'. . CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building.
iLong Distance Telephone, "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH. ..30 Tribune Building J
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C.'C.'CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE ol the Pan Francisco Call.
; corner Market and Third streets: open until
. 12 o'clock every light in me year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOOS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
. 11 P- m.
F>37 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
9:30 p. m.
300 Hayos street: open until 9:30 p. m.
630 McAllister street; open until 0:30 p. m.
f.15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Miss: m street; open until 10 p. m.
fOC'Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
109$ Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast comer Church and Duncan streets;
■ open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
, MEETTJTO
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. a
will meet THIS (TUESDAY! EVEN- W
[NO, Januarj 17. at 7:30 o'clock.
Stated meeting.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and <a
. A. M.—Called meeting THIS (TUES- **jjf\f
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Sec- />f\
ond Degree. By order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge. F. and A. M., «
Mission Masonic Temple—Second
gree- THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING at AV\
•7;30 o'clock.
A. A. ANDERSON, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. ■
M., Masonic Tempi-—Third Degree *VVf
' THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 /VN
o'clock. Master Masons are cordially
invited. R. C. JEWELL, W. M.
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of Old Friends' **TLJ
. Grove No. 130, U. A. O. D., will as- WW
semble at Druids' Hall, 413 £utter st., ■"
on WEDNESDAY, at 12:15 p. m. sharp, to
attend the funeral of our late brother, HEN
RY STELLLNG. ley order of
CHARLES BUETOW, N. A.
FOR. Auld Lang Syne— The St. An- . C 7
drew's Society will celebrate theA|Z»A7
lliith anniversary of the birth of
ROBERT BURNS on WEDNEB
-• DAY EVENING, January 25, at Scottish
Hall, Larkin st. An excellent musical and
h't.rary programme, followed by a social
. 'dance.- Admission 25c.
ANNUAL meeting—The regular annual meet
; lng of the lot owners in the Masonic Ceme
tery will be held at the Masonic Temple on
TUESDAY. February 7. 19C5. at 2 o'clock
~ p. m., for the election of nine directors and
'such business as may legally come before
' them. THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
■STOCKHOLDERS' meeting uiinuan —iv me
stookholders ot the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany: Please take notice that the annual
• -meeting of the stockholders of the Oceanic
Steamship Company will be held at the
principal office of the company (1. c., ;>27
Market Ft., room 4, second floor), in the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cali
fornia, on SATURDAY, the 21st day of
. January, A. D., 1005. at 11 o'clock a. m.,
. for the purpose of electing directors and for
■ the transaction of such other business as
may properiy come before the meeting. The
stock transfer books of the company will be
closed ten (10) days prior to said day of
• meeting. By order of the board of director.
•H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Oceanic
Steamship Company, 327 Market St., San
• Francisco, Cal.
San Francisco, January 5, 1905.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
• the Donohoe-Kelly Banking Company will
be held at the office. No. 100 Montgomery
St., San Francisco, Cal.. on Wednesday,
January 18. 1905. at 3:30 o'clock p. m., for
the election of a Board of Directors for the
ensuing year, and for the transaction of
such otUer business as may be presented.
"■ EDWARD DONOHOE. Secretary.
SPECIAL MEETING—A special meeting of
• the stockholders of the Pajaro Valley Con
, folldated Railroad Company will be held at
.the office of the company. 327 Market street.
San Francisco, on TUESDAY, the 17th day
of January, 1805. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a ro.. for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year and
. for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting. The transfer
' books of the company will close on Friday
January 13. 1905. at 3 p. m. By order of
the president. W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted—Peri Hat Automatic Music
Leaf Turner for piano, organ and all Instru
ments: Indorsed by Sotisa and leading musi
cians: large profits. PER ILL AT MFG. CO.,
1181 Broadway, New York.
WANTED^—Three ladles to appoint agents In
the city: good proposition to right party.
'. Apply to 1235 California st., lower floor, bet
TO a. m. and 4 p. m. to-day.
SEND 10c for sample "Purity Soap Leaves";
soap In book form; everybody buys them. F
ANDREWS & SON, P. Q. box 2203, S. f!
ATTORNEYS-AT LAW.
Advice free In all legal matters; private divorces
a specialty; quick, quiet; r.o pay unless divorce
IS granted; collections made; partnership bill of
Bale, wills, deeds, etc., drawn. Open evenings
by request. Established 22 years. O W
HOWE, 1122 Market st.. bet. Mason & Taylor!
R W. KING, Attorney-at-law, Exam. bidgT
"Cth floor; entrance room 611; established 20
y«ars; all courts, general court and office
practice: no fees In advance or for consulta
tion; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3HCI.
ADVICE free; legal divorce, costs $12; all law
ca«es handled; no fee In advance; open Sat
urday evenings; other evenings by appolnt
.mer.t; call and save money. Sl9 Market, r. 33.
AA—Dlvorc?; costs $12;qulck,qulet:advlce free"
-• all law business: no charge unless successful;
open evenings. 927 Market St., room 301.
IF ycu need a lawyer consult me at once;
est fee. H. H. HEATH, 855 James Flood big.
JOHN GUIDERY. attorney-at-law, rooms 3
and 4, 240 Montgomery rt.; phone Red 6617.
L. S. 927 Market, room 304; consults-
Uon free: no fees In advance; open evenings.
ISTKKA CUKE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly
10c. 25c, ",oc. 'L.02 Market. St. Nicholas, also
Wishart Tenth and Washington, Oakland.
AUTOMOBILES.
A WHITJ? touring car for sale very cheap;
first-class 1 condition. Address box 4093, Call.
►"OR sale —01d3mobiIe In first-class running or
der. Address box 4297. Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
K —S3OOo—CORNER grocery, kept by owner 0
years; doing a large business; owner has an
other corner grocery and bar for $«X) 00: must
sc-ll cither oiie: take your choice; location
the b»M. See P.. U. WILKE. 2'i'.. Kearny.
A—$75O —DRY zcods and notion store in
Berkeley; rent $ls; 5 living looms; a good
paying IwaliWPi See R. G. WILKE. 2«! i
Kearny st.
A—$20(10: ONE of the best paying and elegant
furnished res tan rants and oyster grottoes in j
this city; location the very beat; close to the
aters; 4 years' lease; investigate and make
offer. Call P.. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny_st.
A—sl2so; HALF interest In leading bakery,
coffee patlor gr lunch room; across the bay;
retiring partner must leave for Germany at
cr.ee; bargain. Call P.. G. WILKE. 2C»»
A- *'•'<■■; DELICATESSEN Ft and ;n leading
market; tent >25; t.tan<l does a good paying
business; value in tight. Call R. G. WILKE.
2t>% Kearny st.
A—s3ooo; CORNER saloon en Sixth st.; place
doing a goci puyiiyj business; estab. jears; ,
lease; a first-class business proposition. For
particulars see R G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—$1800;* BAKERY in lively town. 30 miles
from S. P.; rent $27, 4 years' lease; baking
2 barrels per day; 3 horses, 2 wagons; large
store trade. Particulars R. G. V ILKE. 20%
Kearny st.
A—sSoO- OTSTER and chop house, close to
Market and 7th sts.; rent $29; good business;
owner must sell this place o« his other i
oyster and chop house on Montgomery aye.:
price $450; rent $16; come investigate and
take your choice. R G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny *t.
A—sl2oo; ROADHOUSE; 4 furnished rooms;
rent $16; lease: shuffleboard; place estab
lished many years; best location on San Ma
teo road. Cail R. G. WILKE. 261*. Kearny.
A—s22uo; CORNER saloon on California st.;
rent $75: old esta-blished business and good
paying place, fine fixtures: large stock: a
bargain. Calt*R G. WILKE. 2ti% Kearny.
A—sl2oo; FRUIT and produce stand in leading j
market; doing a business of SIOO per day; 3
torses, 2 wagons; a spleadid offer and rare j
chsnce. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. j
A—$800; RESTAURANT and chop house; close
to 2 carhouaes; 5 rooms: rent $33; established
years; doing a first-class business; Investi
gate; this Is a good business and a bargain.
Particulars R. G. W ILKE. 2t>% Kearny st.
A—s4ooo; BAKERY and confectionery, estab
lished many years: baking 7 barrels per day:
6 horses wagons and buggy: one of the best
in this city. See R. G. wilke. 26% Kearny.
A—s3so; WELL established real estate office in i
Napa Co.; office doing a good business; has
valuable contracts; clearing about $150. Par
ticulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A—ssoo; HARDWARE, locksmith and electri
cal repair shop; established 25 years; best
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st. a ■
A.—slKoo: SALOON en water front, close to
Market st.; net rent $120; place established
many years and known as a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—s3soo: LIQUOR store, with 5 years' lease;
$200*' stock guaranteed: one block north ot
Market; a Very rare chance. Call on R. G.
WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
dally receipts $50; rent $80; lease: place lo
cated close to Market and a good business.
Call on R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—$1000; HOTEL; a first-class paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen, with 5-year
lease: close to carhouse and other factories.
See K. G. W ILKE. 26,* Kearny st.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT for sale in the best
mining town In the State, of Nevada; daily
receipts $150: opposite the roundhouse; no
belter paying proposition In Nevada. Partic
ulars R. G. WILKE. 2«% Kearny st.
A —s7ooo; BAKERY, one of the best In city;
monthly sales $6000: splendid chance for two
partners; not all cash necessary. Particulars
see R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s2soo; HOTEL in Sonoma Co.; 20 furn.
rooms; dining and bar room, bus, 2 horses,
cow, etc.. and 7 acres of land; 5 years' lease:
rent $50. or owner will sell whole property
for $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A—sl7so; CORNER grocery and bar, with 5
living rooms, on Sacramento St.; 4% years'
lease; rer.t $45; the very' best location. See
R. G WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s23so; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi
ness: 3 horses. 3 wagons; net rent $34:
place established years; very best location;
a good caeh business. See R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st.
A—$800; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es
tab. 20 years and known as a good busi
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s24so: CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash busi
ness; location can't be beat; value In eight.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
$1000 —GROCERY, produce, branch bakery and
delicatessen store; horse and wagon; receipts
$1200 per month; rent $15 and long lease;
trial M. LESS CO., room 31. Bacon
block, Oakland, Cal.
$950 —WOOD and coal, hay and grain business;
across the bay; horses and wagons; estab
lished for years; one month's trial given; old
ago cause of selling. M. LESS CO., room 31,
Bacon block, Oakland, Cal.
WANTED—lmmediately, man with business
ability and reputation to take management
of Grand Theater, Reno, Nev.; salary $125
and share of profits on interest purchased;
must be able to purchase small Interest In
order to be directly Interested; grand oppor
tunity: object to have interested party as
manager. Particulars TONY LUBELSKI,
Fischer's Theater, San Francisco, Cal.
A—s6oo; CANDY store, complete factory; es
tablished 16 years; great thoroughfare; rent
$18; living rooms; owner got various storea
See HENRY SCHMIDT St CO., 856 Broad
way, room 11, Oakland.
TO INVESTORS.
WE HANDLE
High-class propositions only.
From $000 to $50,000.
Have dividend propositions paying all the
way from 5 to 20 per cent per annum
Fullest Investigation courted.
Call or write for particulars.
J. W. JAQUITH & CO.,
James Flood building,
Rooms 874, 876 and 878; tel. John 2421.
INVESTORS—Your attention Is called to the
stock of a corporation engaged In the manu
facture and sale of a hardware specialty
upon which a patent has been allowed, which
stock Is for sale In amounts to suit. The ar
ticle is displacing other articles Intended for
the «ame purpose now on the market on ac
count of its simplicity, lightness and ease of
operation. A well known business man Is at
the head of the enterprise, and the profits
which can be made in the business will allow
a good Income on the Investment. Full par
ticulars at Sonntag's Patent Agency, 214
Pine st.; telephone Front 14. A full Investi
gation solicited.
FOR sale at a bargain on account of having to
leave the State, the leading hotel in town
.across the bay; has regular patronage and a
fine bar trade: 4-year lease. Address box
4400. Call office.
$1600— SALOON, stock and fixtures; fine loca
tion; good trade and cheap rent: long lease;
must be sold at once on account of sickness.
GEORGE C. YOUNG. Petaluma Cal.
$7500—GROCERY and bar (separate); promi
nent corner; Immense stock; fine teams, etc.;
long lease; established 20 years; owner to re
tire; no agents. Apply P. O. box 2228.
WELL established manufacturing buslnesa
big profits; present owner desires assistance
of energetic partner; $700 to $1000 required.
Mutual Investment Co.. 927 Market st.
$4500 —FINE corner saloon on city front, opp.
ferry; five years' lease; reasonable rent. In
quire Wlchman, Lutgen A- Co., 29-81 Battery.
NEWSPAPER route for sale in Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
FOR sale—Whole or half interest in a real, es
tate office in Berkeley; splendid location.
Apply box 1582, Call office, San Francisco.
A GOOD, reliable man as partner In a real
estate business. Call at 5:30 p. m. at 2955
Mission st.
DELICATESSEN store for sale; splendid loca
tion; fine trade; profits good. Address box
409 U. Call office.
CIGAR stand for sale; reasonable; for good
reasons; good trade; fine location. Box 4198
Call of flee.
A GOOD living; $1200; retiring from business;
second-hand book store. 1250 Mission st.
$2000 WILI/ buy Invention worth $8000 if sold
at once; no agents. Box 4012, Call office.
CIGAR and for sale near theaters. Box 4398
Call office.
CIGAR stand for sale on Fourth st. Address
box 4200. Call office.
FOR sale—Grocery and bar In a fine location
in the Mission. Box 4300, Call office.
FOR sale—Grocery; $1800; clean, standard
stock. Address R. S. V. P., Palo Alto, Cal.
% OR 1-3 Interest new impd steam cylinder
and valve structure tor stm. egnes. 3080 Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1005.
_ BUSINESS j^^CSf-r^antln^A^^
A—CAMERON Sz CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. ior. Market and Powell.
Headquarters lor all kinds of business chances.
A—$1800; first-class salccn on fine corner,
wholesale district: rent only SCO; Joins: good
business: nj night or Sunday work; big
opportunity. Set CAMERON & CO.
A—sl3so: fine grocery and liquor store; extra
location; long established; clearing $300
to $500 per moiuli; owner retiring, having
made fortune; pood horse and wagon with
complete, stock; biggest snap m cit> : fixtures
worth price asked. CAMERON 4c UU.
A—s3soo; tlp-tcp stationery and bazaar: swell
location; long lta»e; cheap rent; stock and
fixtures up-to-date; never changed hands; |
established 10 years"; clearing now $300 to |
$380 iier month; best reasons tor selling;
genuine snao. CAMERON CO.
A —s3Soo; first-class 38-roora country hotel, i
ba r alone cost $1M0: one Of the best inland
towns la State; 50 miies from S. a.: dotnn
good business; family troubles causing sale,
lurnishings new and up-to-date; now is your
time. CAMERON & CO.
A—sl3oo; flrst-claits downtown short-order res
taurant and oyster grotto; elegantly fitted
up; doing good business, but sickness com
pels them to sell; none better In city; this
price is not one-half the coat of equipment.
CAMERON £ CO.
A—s3so; good Market street cigar store; cheap
rent; well located under nrst-class hotel;
this is rare chance to get tine location and
business cneap. CAMERON & CO.
A—ss6oo; one of the best corner grocery and
barß in S. F.; downtown transfer corner; 5
years' lease; cheap rent; doing big business,
but compelled to leave for Europe; here i*
chance of lifetime to secure first-class busi
ness proposition that will bear Investigation.
CAMERON & CO.
For sale—Well located, 3-chslr barber shop
on Fillmore st. ;.rent $16; doing good busi
ness; old established stand; here la a chance
to get paying business :or little money;
owner leaving city; price $300. CAMERON
& CO.
A—sir,oo; well located cafe, billiard room. 2
ohair Larber shop, with 8 well furnished
l cms above; rent only $30; cost over $25*10
to furnish; cail and make offer as owner
must sell on account of other business.
CAMERON &. CO.
F. A. BROOKBANK.
BUSINESS AGENT.
017 Market st., between Fifth and Sixth.
$500— PARTNER for well paying cigar stand
on Markot st,; elegant fixtures; large stock;
must be sober and reliable man; no experi
ence required. See BROOKBANK.
A—PARTY with $300 and service can secure i
an Interest in well paying business clearing
$200 to $250 monthly at present and same
can be easily increased; must be sober and
Industrious. Particulars with BROOKBANK. ;
$1200 —CANDY" factory and large retail store.
with both wholesale and retail trade; will
clear over $250 per month. 1007% Market st.
WANTED—Honest and sober man to look after
office and keep plain accounts; experience not
necessary: small capital required. Inquire
10071 8 Market st.
$300 —YOUNG lady wants partner In swell res
taurant and candy store north of Market st.
1007% Market st.
DOUBLE YOUR MONEY"WITHOUT RISK—
$1 shares In new bank and trust company
this week only 50 cents required to be paid
In; WILL DOUBLE IN FEW MONTHS.
PACIFIC COAST TRUST COMPANY.
70S Market St., San Francisco, rooms 604-608.
$300 —STEADY man wanted as partner In es
tablished cash business; will pay on an aver
ago $'.)0 per month to each; duties light; easi
ly learned; no night or Sunday work. 632
Market st., room 6.
SALOON—SALOON—SALOON.
Good corner; wholesale district; make offer
to-day. 01 Clay st.
WANTED—To buy a good paying hotel with
bar or restaurant; must stand thorough in
vestigation; no agents. Box 4265, Call office.
LAUNDRY route, horse and wagon; bargain;
$250. Call 3372 Mission st.
ARE you looking for a grocery and bar? In
quire 725 Folsom St.; price right.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements ana subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
A—CAMERON & CO. Phone SouTh^ToSO;
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
57-room. new snd modern apartment house;
exquisitely furnished In weathered oak, ma
hogany and blrdseye maple, Axminster and
velvet carpets: 2 and 3-room apartments; 5
years' lease; full first-class people; obliged to
leave for the East.
60 rooms, all light and sunny: close In;
beautiful new building; fine entrance; ele
gantly furnished throughout in weathered oak.
mahogany, birdseye maple, finest velvet and
Axminster carpets; long lease with cheap
rent; clears $300 per month; never before on
market; illness of husband causes sale; only
with us.
12 rooms, well furnished; rent only $5 per
room; you can clear $50 per month and have
2 nice rooms for family; only $850.
For sale. 4 years' lease and business of 27
-room northeast corner house, well and com
pletely furnished and equipped boarding-house;
swellest location in city; full permanent, first
class people; on account of departure soon
opportunity Is offered to start In business for
the small Investment of $500.
100 rooms, heart of business center; grand,
new, modern building with all the up-to-date
appliances; steam heat, electric lights and
elevator; furnishings and draperies of the
best: the cheapest rent in S. F. for down
town house; rare opportunity to get first-class
business that will pay $400 to $500 per month.
Owner must leave city; only with us.
6-room upper flat, corner, rent $50, lease If
wanted; beautifully furnished: only furnished
one year and cost $1280; bargain at $650.
70-room country hotel; best Interior town In
State; barroom. 2 dining rooms and 5-room
cottage besides; rent $100 per month; can get
10 years' lease; brick building; everything fine
condition; fine business proposition.
80-room family hotel on Nob Hill; ele
gantly furnished: all light and sunny rooms;
choice location and clears fine income; sick
ness In family compels being disposed of; make
offer.
16 rooms. Eddy St.. $66 rent; oak and cherry
furniture; carpets good, and clears $75 per
month; leaves 3 best rooms for family; part
down, balance can be made from house.
40 rooms, brand new, up-to-date proposition;
beautiful building, furniture, carpets and drap
eries of the best; fine location; near Market;
cheap rent; 5 years' lease; clearing over $200
f>er month; all full nice roomers; any one
ooking for first-class new house can't over
look this: part cash, balance paid out of
house; price. $3500.
35 rooms, part housekeeping; rent only $140;
oak furniture; fine carpets; clearing $150 per
month; long lease; can be had for $1800 down,
balance time at low interest.
14 rooms. Eddy, cheap rent; well furnished
In oak with good carpets; pert housekeeping;
where you can clear about $50 and have nice
little home with small amount of work: price.
$800.
19 rooma located In first-class neighborhood
close in; rent is only $85; extra well furnished
and clearing $61 per month; all full; part
housekeeping; price, $1400.
6-room modern flat; new 6 months; rent $25;
beautifully furnished: fine location, and cost
over $900 to furnish; snap at $400.
21 rooms, south Market; rent $86; well fur- •
niched and clearing $75 per month; cost over
$1200 to furnish; can be had for $850. with
one-half cash, balance 1 per cent.
9-room modern upper flat; rent $50 water
free; only 5 months furnished, with 'elegant
furnishings; choice block Ellis at.; $300
down, balance can be paid $25 per month.
Have large list of real estate, hotels, room
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
205-ROOM lodging-house.
90-room apartment-house.
57-room lodging and apartment house.
64-room lodging-house. ■
60-room lodging-house.
Newly furnished and centrally located.
Apply 838-842 Post St.; no agents.
$5500 —FIRST-CLASS lodging-house and hotel;
55 rooms; no better corner In city; will guar
antee a clear profit of $150 month: cheap rent
and lease. THE ALIVEN CO., 1233 Broad
way. Oakland.
NEW FIRM—FISHER & CO.—NEW FIRM.
Successors to Mitchell & Co. In rooming
house* hotels and flats. James Flood bldg.,
Powell and Market; r. 430. Phone Main 3354.
FOR sale—Cheap; corner house of 7 rooms and
bath: opposite Folsom-st. park: carpets and
furniture new. Call 310% Sixth st.
$575 —BARGAIN, ten light rooms, good loca
ticn; low rent; good income. 817 Post st.
-?*5^ G -^ < FOB SALE —Can.
Phone (private lice) Main 33-4-3.
Money to Loan.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 801, New James Flood Building.
Entrance opposite "Emporium." Offices near
elevators.
Ask for Free List of
Hotels and Rooming-houses For Sale.
Our Specialty—lnstallment Sales.
All Titles Guaranteed.
154-room apartm c n t
house. in fashionable
part of city; clears $396
monthly; lease to 1908;
paitly furnished ,with
oak and birdseye" ma
ple; worth $12,000; win
sell for $7500: $2in>o
down; we back you tor
$5500.
50 rooms; new and
modern; electric lights;
5-year leaee; rent $200;
price $3500; will be
sold on Installments.
20 rooms; 3 blocks of
Market; rent $60;!
clears $71 monthly;!
newly papered, newly
renovated; electric!
llgnis; 2 floors; big
bay-windows; price re
duced from $1700 to
$1100; $300 down and
small Installments;
owner wants 40 or 50
room house. -
111 large rooms, near
iSutter and Mason; rent
$45; Income $91 and 2
nice rooms for land
lady; little work; all
new; cost $840; will
show bills; price $600,
either cash or Install
ments.
22 rooms, near Hyde
and Ellis; pries $91.1;
rent $70; same < wner
for 16 years; always
full; it's a gr-Mt snap.
NOTICE —We make
exchanges to suit nil
cases If you need
imoney to help make an
exchange come and see
|ua
).
NEW and MODERN!
28 rooms: corner house;
electric lights; 5-year
lease; very beautiful!
furniture; full and 1
waiting list; owneri
SICK IN HOSPITAL;,
must be sold; see it
and make offer; In
stallment sale.
TRANSIENT HOUSE.
I clearing $125 to $160
Imontly; »»t prcflt for
1904 was $1653; owner
must change climate;
first payment $500,
then small monthly Uc
-jl.tllments.
GUARANTEED $ 3 0 0 !
MONTHLY PROFIT;!
87 rooms and bar; 36
rooms furnished; 411
rented unfurnlsheii;
rent $325 and a 3-year
lease; bar has Dig busi
ness; bar and fixtures
are very fine — cost
over $2000: price of
house and bar Is
—$4250—
cash or part cash;
cause of sacrifice, ether
Important business.
—EXCLUSIVELY—
for sale by us. 9
!N. B. —$100 down and
$10 each month buys a
! splendid 10-room house
jon Geary at.; snap it.
HIGH - CLAPS and|
beautifully furnished
24-room corner on ■
O'Farrell; extra sunny;|
monthly profit exactly
$72
~ ANOTHER HIOH
CLASB house — Splen
did 37-room house on
Ellis St.; clears $175
monthly; STEAM
(HEAT; hot and cold
water; FINEST EN
TRANCE In city; first
payment $1500; owner
Rnxlous to buy a 68
-room house we have for
{sale, also on Ellis, that
I has an Income of $430
over rent: it's strictly
1 modern, too.
$1650 —APARTMENT house, 25 rooms: all rent
ed; everything In good condition; Income $165
per month; rent $100; very central. Address
box 4196. Call office.
LODGING house for sale, reasonable; 14 rooms;
nicely furnished. Box 4298. Call office.
21 ROOMS at 238 Kearny: income $220 month;
price $1750: lease; bargain. Call at room 9.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market at.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become, disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat
ing works, 855-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har
rison St.; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE
DORN A CO.; phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth St.—First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Mala 894. GEO. WALCOM St CO., Props
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
si ii m 1 —
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
SMALL children to board; excellent care; San
Rafael; see lady here. 3438 Seventeenth st.
CATARRH CURE.
JAPANESE Catarrh Snuff cures catarrh, pre
vents colds; try It. Agents 203, 927 Market st.
CHIROPODISTS.
MRS. ALEXANDER, removed to 412% Post
St., opposite S. F. Gas Co. office.
CREDIT CLOTHIERS.
C. F. ADAMS CO., 318 Mason St.—Ctothtag
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us and have It charged.
CLOTHING RENOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, Examiner bldg.. r. 410;
nhor.e Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
COLLECTION OPTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery St., rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5680.
DENTISTS.
A NEW .plate—The Whalebone—Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns $3 50; fllllnge 60c;
plates. $6, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
GOLD fllllnga 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; op. Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.lol% Grant aye
ARTHUR CHIBHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r. 14,15t
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up: fillings. 25c
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary at.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
A Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
CLAIRVOTANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medium, reads your life cor
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs in life; never failed to give satis
faction; 25c up. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
MME. KRONENBERG, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader: when others fall try me; read
ings 25c 102% Sixth st.. near Mission.
MISS WARD, 1200 Market st.. parlor 31. clalT
voyant. gives names, dates; take elevator.
A—EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY
To Consult
RICHARD MAYO
At Reduced Charges.
Complete clairvoyant readings. 50c this week.
No charge unless satisfactory.
You can be the judge.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age, occupa
tion. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood !
before you.
LOVE, COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE. ;
Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs,
troubles, marriages, restores lost affections,
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quarrels
TELLS YOU WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY,
And bow to WIN the man or woman you
love and how to make your husband or wife
be true to you, and how to overcome all
your enemies and how to make a person at
a distance think of you and how to DE
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM, THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS.
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable.
Ellis st. —42IA—Ellis st.
Hours—lo a. m. to 8 p. m. Private -flat.
MM E. LYNN.
The Eminent Clairvoyant—Psychic—Mystic.
SPECIAL REDL'CTION THIS WEEK.
Readings 50c 50c 60c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50 60c
Wonderful, bewllderlnf is the work of Mme.
Lynn, whose readings a-* a revelation; advice
on love, marriage, courtship, business, minea;
also reunites the separated; gives secret power
to control any one in 21 daya. She tells your
full name and what you want to know. All
business strictly confidential.
239 Powell st., near Geary.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 d. m.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
with second sight; tells past, present, future;
ladies, 50c; gents by cards, SI; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings. 11 50. 303 Jones.nr.Eddy.
LIVINGSTONE.
For reliable clairvoyant reading consult
LIVINGSTONE.
26% Kearny st.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress, The Vendome. 1104
Market st., San Francisco; Office house —10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes
day evening, 6to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis St., clairvoyant,
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques
tion; names given: $1; hours. 10 to 8.
A— MRS. DrT~F\~CLA RK,
The Well Known Trance Medium.
Readings dally 10 to 6. 343 Geary st.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c.
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
MME. eCla, from N. V., greatest card reader;
ladles 26c; gents 50c. 1206 Market St.. rm. 68.
MME. MARCEAU. card read»r; 1.. 25c; g..
60c. 545 Minna st. Phone Folsom 3597.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reader and
teacup; 25c up. 222% Eddy st., lower flat.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned: sittings daily. 108 6th St.,rooms i-2
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A—MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth st.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night. 10c. 619
McAllister St.; come skeptics; readings dally.
CLAIRVOYANT spiritual life readings for
short time, 25c. Mmc Eilersflcken, 1035 Mkt.
BARLE'S seance Tues.. Thur., Sun. 219
Eddy; readings. Hotel Hlgglns.
FRED P. EVANS, the world's most famous
slate-writing psychic. Office 1112 Eddy st.
C. MAYO STEERB. trance medium; 3568 17th
St.; readings 1 to 5; tel. Capp 856.
EDUCATIONAL.
A—THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col
leges, is now In its twelfth year; the work
Is better than ever before; departments In
English literature, languages, mathematics,
history, sciences, etc., cannot be surpassed
in excellence of Instruction; two of the beet
teachers in California are In charge of Eng
lish and of mathematics. Come and we will
prepare you well. Refs. President Jordan
or any Stanford professor" Day and even
ing sessions. Phelan bldg".
AT 2 p. m., Mondays, Wednesdays and Thurs
days classes In short-story writing and
Journalism are taught at r. 333, bldg.;
terms very moderate; Join these classes; In
struction thorough; real and rapid progress.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50: positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
BOOKKEEPING. Eng., Math., etc., day and
eve.; individual Instr. 305 Larkin st. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pae. Bus. Col.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post St., S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus. .
A SUCCESSFUL college; new. large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi
tions. S. F. Business College, 738 Mission st.
PIANO; Al London graduate; visits; Al re
sults: 50 successful scholars 1904; moderate.
905 McAllister st.
ENGINEERING —Civil, elec, mln., mech., sur
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
ncr Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE" 24 Post sL
Established 1863; largest In the West; an
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
IRVING Institute School for Girls. 2128 Cali
fornia st.; Enster term begins Tuesday,
January 3, 1906.
A—GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A—METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
aye.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
Arlth.,gTam.,bookkpg,shorthand.ss m.; day.eve.
mdlv. lnstruc. Western Bue. Col., 1281Mkt,n.9th
MME. PRILL'S Piano School. London Con.
2106 Golden Gate aye.; resident pupils taken.
BOOKKEEPING —Save ttme. gain knowledge,
with TARR, expert. 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. 828 Halght st.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln
man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mail and per
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgomery.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.—Night class.
SPANlSH,French,etc.Prof.De Flllppe'sAcademy
of languages.lolB Post; est. 1871 ;ableat profs.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES
A—ORPHEUM Employment Office—Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.; tel. Main 5752.
A—JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
TOSHY, 415 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 859.
CHINESE Employment Office —Best help at
Leon Seungs. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of
fice; all kinds help. 316 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED-—FEMALE.
A NUMBER of reliable household help have
been registered since the first of the month;
cooks, waitresses, laundresses, nurses (for
infants and grown children), seamstresses,
ladles' maids and housework girls. For par
ticulars telephone to MISS PLUNKETT.
Main 5472, 425 Sutter at., near Powell. <
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes place for general |
housework; nc heavy washing; wages $26.
Call at 316% Rltch st.. between Brannan and
Townsend.
A COMPETENT girl wishes position for gen
eral housework; references; call or write.
1109 Folsom st.
RELIABLE young woman wants place In a
small family of adults to do housework and
plain cooking*; wages $20. Phone Capp 7124.
SITUATION by experienced cook and helper,
pastry and meat outter, hotel; references;
city or country. Box 4263. Call office.
A WOMAN would like washing and mending
to take home. 713% Minna st.. near Eighth.
A YOUNG German girl for general housework.
1714 Turk st.
YOUNG Danish girl wishes general housework;
wages $20. 2673 Lombard st., near Baker.
WANTED —Chamber work In rooming house;
sleep home. 435 Eddy st.
DRESSMAKER—Goes out by the day; good
fitter. 2133 Bush.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work by
the day or at home. $2 and lunch. 547
Myrtle aye.; phone Scott 905.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED —FeinaJ»~Con
COMPETENT Eastern lady nurse desires em
ployment; stomach troubles a specialty; ex
perienced In confinement cases; references.
Box 1597. Call office. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants position in pri
vate family; Jews preferred. Box 307b. ( all.
EXPERIENCED person would take charge of
one or two children from S or 9 In the morn
ing to 1 p. m.; sew for them; teach them
(music if desired): references; reasonable.
Bo:: 435 - :. Call office.
DRESSMAKER, ladies' tailor on suits and
coats, evening gowns; experienced cutter and
fitter; work done at home; only flrst-clnss
work; engagements per day. MISS BARSS.
Sherman House, 2S Eighth st.
COMPETENT French dressmaker; ball gown,
dinner gown, tailor made;' perfect fit: WHIgo
by the day; $2 per day. DRESSMAKER.
1113 Sutter st.
LADY' stenographer with 6 months' experience
wishes position in wholesale or retail store.
can give fine references. Address L. C. R.,
box 3592, Call office.
DRESSMAKING in families by fashionable
dressmaker, city references, $2 50 per day.
MRS. JOHNSTON, 909 Polk St.; phone Hyde
1709.
WANTED—By retired lady, with Httle son of
8, position as housekeeper and cook for few
men on ranch, where she can keep her child
with her. Box 4284, Call.
LADY wishes position as cook In a small
boarding-house or private family; Is a flrst
class cook. Call or address 1712 Market St..
Oakland; phone Red 5227.
A YOUNG lady, recent student of OberHn
Conservatory of Music, would like to tutor
violin and piano In private family. Phone
Ex. 718, Local 18. or box 4248, Call pfflca
A RELIABLE woman wanta position as house
keeper in Institution, hotel or apartment;
Al references; call after Sunday. Phone
South 1162
A YOUNG girl would like to have a position In
a millinery store. Apply MISS R. SOLOMN,
1718 Geary st.
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by
day; laundry work preferred. Apply 1622
Leavenworth st.
EMPLOYMENT wanted—Female talented
young lady wishes position with high-class
milliner; state pay. Box 4035, Call office.
A COLORED young woman would like position
to do second work, maid or assist In light
housework. Apply 1711 Jones st.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
housecleanlng. $1 50 and car fare. MRS.
OSGOOD. 115 Hayes st.
COMPETENT woman wants situation to do
housework and cooking; wages $25. 68 Thir
teenth st.. near Folsom.
A LADY wishes a position as a first-class
cook; best of references: wages $30. Ad
dress M. M. X., 1205 Stockton st.
A THOROUGHLY experienced stenographer
desires permanent position; best of refer
ences. Box 4084, Call office.
GOOD woman wanta to go out for half day,
washing or housework. Address G. L., 38
Clinton Park, near Va'.encla st.
RELIABLE women wishes work by the day:
washing. Ironing or sweeping; $1 50 per day
and carfare. Box 4155, Call.
CANADIAN lady wishes position as companion
or lady's maid; no objection to travel; Prot
estant; give particulars. Box 3074, Call.
POSITION with a responsible house by a
capable business woman: Inside or outside
work. Box 3030. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist elderly couple
or Invalid. 211 Twenty-seventh st.
GERMAN nuree wants engagement; refer
ences given. 1865 Mission st.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes fine laun
dry to do at home. Phone Page 7931.
A YOUNG Japanese girl wishes position as
plain cook and housework, near eleventh
block of Van Ness aye., for a family of less
than four; wages $4 50 week. S. SAKAKI,
1454 Fulton st.
JAPANESE neat girl wants position to do
light housework half day. 2503 Market st.
A JAPANESE lady wishes to do light house
work or to take care of baby In the country.
H. YOSHIDA, 1913 Mission St.; tel. Capp
8678.
A JAPANESE girl wishes position as cook and
light housework near eleventh block of Lar
kin st for less than 4 persons In family;
wages $4 50 week. S. Sakakl, 1484 Fulton st.
A YOUNG Japanese woman, good plain cook,
wishes a position doing general houeework.
Address 112 Golden Gate aye.; phone Fol
som 1585.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
SATN~FRANCISCAN_ri AM A
NEW YORK LAWYER (34) OF STANDING
AND ABILITY; DOCTORS ORDER
"CHANGE OF CLIMATE FOR SELF AND
FAMILY"; WHAT CONNECTION. BUSI
NESS ASSOCIATION OR MANAGERIAL
POSITION CAN YOU OFFER ME? Al
REFERENCES. L. BAR NESS, 7 WEST
TWENTY-SECOND ST.. NEW YORK CITY.
ANY employment wanted, general or private,
by competent young janitor, houseman or
handy man, at once; city or country. Box
4204, Call office.
STRONG young man would like a position as
teamster; knows the streets well. Box 4262.
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS shop butcher desires position;
city or country. H. CHESTER, box 4325,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED D. E. bookkeeper and office
man, good correspondent, desires engage
tnent. Box 4324, Call.
PLACE for boy of 13 In country to go to school
and work for board. Box 1601, Call ffloe,
Oakland.
COLORED minister, pastorlng a city church,
desires situation during the week. 1420 A
Powell st.
WANTED—Position as drummer for fancy
goods. Box 4131, Call.
AN all-around butcher wants position In city
or country. Box 4261, Call office.
AS attendant to Invalid or mental patient by
competent, reliable man; responsible refer
ences; massage or any treatment prescribed;
terms moderate. Box 3117, Call office.
THOROUGHLY experienced grocery clerk and
flrst-claas salesman, with very beet of refer
ences, wants engagement. Box 4251, Call.
A POSITION Is wanted by an experienced
bookkeeper who understands English, Ger
man and Spanish and has a thorough
knowledge of general commission and ex
port business; good accountant. Box 4278,
Call office.
———— '
YOUNG man, business ability, bookkeeper,
stenographer, ten years' general office ex
perience, offers servic*. view acquiring in
terest paying business: city or country.
* References given. Box 3134 Call.
MAN and wife, Massachusetts people, would
like cooking In small country hotel or board
ing house, where they would have entire
charge of kitchen. Boy. 4078. Call office.
ENGINEER wishes to change position run
ning boilers, engines, all round work; handy
with carpenter's tools; good references. 316
Langton st. 1
ACCURATE accountant, 12 years' experience
retail and wholesale, wishes steady employ
ment; best references and bond If required
Box 4145. Call.
RELIABLE German, neat and clean, kitchen
man. for general work, all-round, desires
employment; handy, useful and willing- city
or country. Box 41C9. Call office. *
CARPENTER, steady, Industrious, wishes Job
bing, repairing or any kind of rough work
will work very reasonable. Address box
4029 Cail office.
GARDENER, first class (single), of long ex
perience in landscape gardening, growing of
flowers and greenhouses, wishes a situation
on private place; references. Box 4005. Call.
WANTED—A job by a middle-aged man as
watchman or Janitor. Address 413 Clemen
tina st.
A YOUNG man. expert bookkeeper, wishes a
small set of books for evening work- can give
city and country ref. Address box 4032, Call.
BOY, age 15. living with parents, wants work
In wholesale house or learn trade- reference.
Address box 4070. Call office. r «e™ce».
LANDSCAPE gardener, practical, wants posi
tion in institution, hotel or laying out new
private grounds. 1963 Webster St.. Oakland.
RELIABLE Job carpenter wants to repair
your house. Address. PAYNE. 322 Seventh
st.: Dhone Howard 3490.
SITUATION wanted as collector or any out
door occupation; no canvassing: references
and small cash security. Box 4289. CalL
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MaIe—Con.
A BRIGHT, ambitious young salesman, best
city references, experience in furnishing
goods, cutlery, sporting goods, wants steady
position, wholesale or retail. H. E. W"., 1115
Steiner eL
YOUNG man would like to finish knowledge
of the barber trade In good shop. Box 4290.
Call office.
WANTED —By young man attending school in
the city, a place to work for room and board.
Box 4338, CalL
BRIGHT young German, one year in Frisco,
expert grocery clerk, with best references,
desires position of any kind. Box 408". Call.
COMPETENT bookkeeper wants position or
books to adjust: city oa) country. Address
8.. •08, Merchants" Exchange.
WANTED—Position as coachman; first-class
references. Address Coachman, box 150. Saa
Mateo. Cal.
RELIABLE clerk, having 10 years' experience
in accounting department, wants clerical
position in any line. Box 4310. Call office
A FIRST-CLASS German winemaker and vlne
yardlst would like to take charge of wins
cellar or vineyard. Box 4159, Call of flea.
SITUATION wanted as Janitor by reliable.
steady man. S. KIDD, 630 Howard st.
BOY would like position In drug store. Apply
1342 Mission st. .
BOY wants work after school. 645% Stevsnaon
street. ___________
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position as Janitor;
steady and sober; married. 944 Howard at.
PAINTER, paperhanger. tinter; will work by
day or Job; estimates given. Box 4393, Call.
WANTED —Position as fireman; sober and
steady. Call 201 Fremont st.
A NEAT penman wishes work evenings, la
cludlng Sunday. Box 4253. CalL office.
AN expert chatnman rodmsn, surveyor's as
sistant wishes employment. Box 4259. Oall.
BUTLER—Reliable, competent Japanese da
slres position: references. Box 4273, Call.
AN upright and competent Japanese wants
work in a store. Box 4385, Call of floe.
GARDENER, thoroughly reliable, best of ref
erences, wishes a situation. Box 4000, Call.
A TRUSTWORTHY and competent young Jap
anese boy, speaking good English, wouia
like a place to do light housework and plaia
cooking in a small family; best of referenca
Boat 4326, Call.
A JAPANESE, who has many customers,
wants a position In Jewelry store as a sales
man for Japanese, or as a watchmaker.
F. V.. 814 Powell st. _____
A GOOD Japanese boy wants a situation as
schoolboy; speaks well. R_ NAKANO, cars
of Japanese M. E. Mission, 1329 Pine at.
JAPANESE boy wants position; understands
cooking; speaks English. M. WATANAKJP,
1336 California st.
A JAPANESE good cook wants position. Just
morning or evening. KURU, 931 Sacra
mento st.
A JAPANESE young man wants situation,
porter and general housework; has aeveral
years' experience; references. GEORGE.
1036 Larkin st.; tel. Larkin 2713.
JAPANESE boy wants a position to wait at
table or houeework. HENRY HASEGAWA,
869 Geary St.; phone Hyde 2084.
AN excellent Japanese cook wants a position la
family; city or country; wages $7 to $8 week.
F. A WAGE. 248 Ellis St.: tel. Jessie 624.
AN honest Japanese would like position as
waiter In boarding-house or hotel In city;
wages $5. YOSHI, 6 Central place, oft Pine.
A JAPANESE desires position every morning
or evening. EDERA, 719 Valencia St.; tel.
Capp 3296.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as waiter
and housework in a good family In city. S.
A. X.. Y. M. C. A.. 121 Halght st.
GOOD Japanese boy wants situation as porter
In store or saloon; speaks English. K.
NAKA. 1110 Stelner st.
A BRANCH office of Tht Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ECZEMA CURE.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber Itch that I can't cure; a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN 54 Sixth st.
FLATS TO LET.
A—HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this deoartment; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-58 Geary
it-. OS the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de
sirable vacant place In San Francises oa
our lists; service absolutely free; let us And
you a place: come in and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "we
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company.
1039 Market st.. opp. McAllister.
$25— EURJIKA and 20th st.; beautiful _ew cor
ner flat; modern; Mission warm belt; health
iest part of city; no fog; five large sunny
rooms, bath; nice hall; water free. Inquire
305 Eureka st.
NINETEENTH. 3980. block from Eighteenth or
Castro cars—Lovely sunny lower flat, 5
rooms with extra room on porch: key lot;
$25; water free; must be asen, etc.
NEW. swell sunny fiats, ft rms ; every possible
latest convenience; close to the main entrance
to park; 5 car lines; one runs all night. Ap
ply 7th aye., nr. Fulton st,; open 12 to 4.
LANGTON. 87 and 43. bet, Howard and Fol
som. west of 7th—4 rooms and bath- 118
Perry, near Third—* rooma and bath; watar
and ashes free.
GOLDEN GATE ava. 2085-2087, nr. Central—
New sunny flats; frescoed, tinted; 5 rms.
bath and 0 rms., bath; attic; 2 baeementa
NEW. elegant flats; latest Improvements; just
finished: park panhandle. STRAUB 630
Market St.
ARMY, bet. Church and Dolores—4 4-room n|
bath, new, modern flats; ready Wednesday.
CHURCH, cor. 15th —Elegant, modern, sunny
top flat, 8 rooma bath, basement; $37 90.
SPLENDID modern sunny flat. 5 rooms, bath,
etc.; very reas. 334 Cumberland, nr. Church.
$25 —FLAT of 5 modern sunny rooma; adulta.
2721 Pine St.. near Devlsadero.
HANDSOME, sunny upper flat, 8 rooms; car
pets for sale. 320 Frederick st.
FILLMORE, 2208 A—Flat of 5 rooms and bath
yard; modern: rent reasonable.
NEARLY new upper sunny flat, 4 rooms and
bath. 336 Tehama st.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 4160, near Castro—New
modern upper Hat. 6 rooms and bath; $21.
SUNNY flat 5 rooms, bath. 4 Tonnlngsea
place, off Howard, bet. 12th and 13th sta
MODERN flat of 7 rooms and bath. 1117 Ds
visadero St., near Turk.
MODERN, sunny flat. 7 rooms. 2 attic rooma
basement. 1428 Green St.. near Van Neaa
LARGEST list of houses and .flats to let: Call
on LYON A HO AO. Ufl Montgomery St.
FLATS FOR SALE—FUBN-SBTED.
FOR sale—A flat of 3 rooms, furnished Com
plete; all new furniture, with a piano If de
sired; come and take a look at It; cheap
rent. 842% Potrero aye.
A NICELY furnlrhed 8-room flat for sale at
a bargain; owner leaving city: pays rent sad
clears $20. Address or call 889 Sutter at.
SACRIFICED —On account of departure, eie.
gantlv furnished flat, 5 rooms and bath; 1 to
4. 344 Oak st.
8-ROOM furnished flat tor sals. Inquire 664%
Mission St., In barber shop.
PINE, 732—For sale, bargain, part furniture
flat 5 rooms and bath: rent $25: make offer.
FURNITURE WANTED.
"WELL GET YOUR pay
the most money for furniture, carpets, office
fittings, merchandise and houses. MARK J
LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market at., be
tween 9th snd 10th Phone South 170.
ABE LEVY. ~
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WIl-L pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H
BURP, sue. 1616 Market: phone Jessie 2336
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission St.. be
fore selHng your furniture Phone Red 4462
FURNITURE FOB SALE.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur
niture, carpets, etc 782 Mission; tel. Bush alt.BY A riTTING ADVERTISEMENT IN THE CALL « - «
: FINANCIAL.
•THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
' Capital paid In $4,600,0r>0 00
' Surplus 940,901 86 L
\ . Issues
Six tier cent
Investment Certificates
At par.
•*. Office—No. 14 Sansome st..
' • San Francisco. Cal.
REALTY Syndicate certificate ridiculously
- chea;.. Do' X:r,ih st. I
HELP WANTED—FEMALE.
.' A—«ALESLA i' lES \V ANTEI >
... ' FOR
l. GEO. HAAS .v SONS' CANDY STORES. 1
Young ladies Of medium size and neat ap
,,j?ear_nce who live with parents or ure per
manently located; no experience necessary; $7 '
' "week to i, gin and Increase. <'ali hat. 12 m.
;infl.-4 p. m at this office. Do not telephone, j
. GIRLS to team hairdressing. manicuring, etc.;
• " trade taught from A to Z in 2 wks.; tuition
$5 to thos< entering now; 3 positions to fill !
'.' irrmeitat- !\ , positions guar, at $10 per week I
up; onlj recognized college of its kind on ;
coast; day and eve. class. 233 Geary, r. 13. ,
" WANTED. G„l7 t, learn millineTTnVw "for
. sptlug season; both seasons taught from start
trimmers, salesladies, maker.-;, guaranteed at |
•' A—PACIFIC College tenches hairdressing, I
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours' i
; 'practice a day; guai; ..:• .jositlons; only I
• recognised college of its kind on coast; day ,
and - rening classes; all parlor work at re
,"• duced prices. 133 Powell st.
' IJEW ING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER
ALLS. JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX :
- PERIENCE NECESSARY: STEADY WORK, |
GOOD PAY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% 1
•FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
J.N OAKLAND. COR. 10TH AND CLAY STS j
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON :
v . OVERALLS: NO EX PERI ENCS NECES- |
SARY; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY. !
*
LEVI STRAUSS & C( ■
. STENOGRa I'll EX and typewriter; an excel- :
. "WANTED- Swedish or G. rman girl for second
WANTED \ • ipable girl for general house
■ work; good plain cook; wages $25. 404 Ash
' bury st., corner Oak._
COMPETENT refined, working housekeeper,
: .care two children; references. Box 4203, !
.WANTED Woman to watt on table, small j
.-A "NEAT colored girl for second or general
housework; ity references. 2014 Fillmore st.
■ I XI'KKIEN'CFD nurse; good references. 311
. _ .Polk St.; phone Howard 3453.
.WANTED —Experienced jacket alteration
' hands. Apply between 9 and 11 a. in. at
WANTED —Woman who wishes home to care
Bar two small children; small wages. 757
WANTED —A good Swedish girl for general
housekeeping. Apply 2399 Jones St., cor.
V 'Chestnut, bet. ltt and 11:30 a. m.
A: COMPETENT young woman for cooking
; and general housework for 3 adults; $25. 31 I
Fair Oaks st., near Twenty-first.
COMPETENT heir furnished on short notice.
.. •' MRS. LEWIS. "x>7 Powell; phone Main 3373. j
..GIRL wanted for general housework: easy
work,: good pay. Cal! at 2C33 Oak st.
WANTED —A girl to do general housework:
•.sleep home. 115 Fell st.
WANTED—A refined young German girl to
take care of a girl five years old. Call be
tween lit and 12 o'clock at 2024 Jackson st.
"WANTED—First class waist trimmer. CAL
LAHAN, 330 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG girl to do light housework and assist
wita < hildren. 1010 Hyde st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
WANTED—Ladies to learn hairdressing, man
"louring, facial massage and scalp treatments;
4 weeks completes; expert instructors; call
or write. Moler System Co., 649 Sacramento.
"■ WANTED—Bright married woman to handle
quick selling female remedy: good profits.
'.Call daily, 3 to 5 p. m., 1911 Bush st.
LADIES wanted to make sofa pillows at home;
. experience unnecessary; steady work. Call
room 500. Adame building. 206 Kearny st.
ALL hairdressing, manicuring, face massage
.-• and scalp treatments are free at the Moler
■ ■ System College, 649 Sacramento; hours 1-4.
A NEAT, earnest business woman, not over
". 35. for permami-nt position. Box 43995jCa11.
i A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception I
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
■' . opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WANTED—MALE.
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL
801-302 Starr King bldg., 3d floor, 121 Geary.
Conducted on Strictly Business Principles.
Positions secured for:
Office men. Assistant bookkeepers.
Bookkeepers. Hotel clerks.
Stenographers. Railroad clerks.
Office managers. Timekeepers.
Correspondent clerks. Collectors. '
Accountants. Bill clerks.
.. Buyers. Shipping clerks.
• Traveling salesmen. Law office clerks.
... Manager for dept. stores. Entry clerka
Cashiers. Cigar clerks.
; Credit man. Dry goods clerks.
Secretaries. Receiving clerks.
General office work in all lines of business.
Offices and representatives in other cities.
Apply American Commercial Bureau.
801-802 Starr King bldg.. fid floor. 121 Geary.
~COMMERCIAL CLEARANCETcOMPANY
• 415-416 Starr King bldg., 121 Geary st
Investigate our plan for securing positions
'for- competent men In office, salesmen and
' technical lines. Our charges axe moderate and
• cur system unequaled. Our bulletin reaches
' all ot the leading business concerns of the
city every week. Our system is a great aid to
employers in securing high-grade men. henoe
' our success In finding positions for competent
AT HORD A SMITH'S,
Contractors' Agents, 90 Third st.
Plumber, olty, contract,
, Plasterer, city, contract.
; " Solicitor, tea and coffee, 50 per cent com
■"■'■ mission.
• ■ M»n for dye works, experienced, $20.
•' • .Teamsters, bay shore. $2.
' BARBERS —A neat 3-chair shop; good loca
••• tlo'n; rent reasonable; will sell cheap on ac- j
" '-. count other business. 720 Mission st.
:ji_ 1 ■ I
:'WANTED—Men to learn the barber trade at !
the original JNO. A. MOLER"S BARBER
'"' COLLEGE. 644-Clay st.; 8 Weeks completes; !
positions guaranteed; expert instruction; ;
.- wages while learning. Call or write (correct
j- number) 644 Clay st. j
WANTED—Teacher to go to Nevada to All
out an unexpired term; $80 per month and 1
transportation; refs. required. Box 3514.
-•. Call, office. I
■W ANTED—Men to learn the barber trade; 8
weeks completes; positions guaranteed; ex
pert Instructions; wages while learning.
Call or write Moler Sys. Col.. 640 Sacramento.
WANTED—Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973
-75 Easton aye., St. Louis, Mo. _____ '
WANTED—Men to prepare for railway mall. I
Internal revenue and custom-bouse positions; j
Tree catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti
tute. Grant bldg., 1096 Market; open evngs. |
WANTED—Laborers and mechanics tg know I
. (hat Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has ,
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
CHANCE for three young men to learn the
. barber trade absolutely free of charge; don't \
miss this. 751 Mission st. t I
WANTED—A good pants and vest maker for I
country. Apply to REISB BROS. A CO., 21 1
Sutter st. I
TWO-chalr barber shop for sale, cheap; only
one In town H. L. HANSEN, Broderick,
Yolo County, Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 60
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
shargea 11 3d st..Exam. bid.; open till 0 P.m. ■
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
_.. Phone Main 5818.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE: THE RIGHT
OF MAN TO WORK.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We gave in 1903 1905 we hope to
60,000 men work. increase 00.000.
_ MEN AND W IVES,
farmer and wife, vineyard, Santa Cruz Co..
see bo.* s here. $40 found.
'Man and wife, small country Institution. $40
to $55 and found; see boss here.
Farmer and wife for chicken ranch; no ob
jection to child.
—MISCELLANEOUS—
Tile tetter, city job; steady, $4 day.
Cement finisher, long Job near city. $3 60
day.
BOOKKEEPER.
Bookkeeper. 35 years, must have experience
and references; general merchandise store In
California, $75. , ..,
Man run aid machine, city factory. $2 25.
day.
FARMS AND DAIRIES.
Teamsters, farmhands, ehoreboys, choremen,
milkers and butter-makers.
HOTELS. ETC.
Oysterman. $45 find found; janitor, cit>, •
apartment-house. $30 and room.
Cook:, wai'et-s dishwashers, kitchen hands:
COOk and wife. mine. $5.") found; cook and ,
wife, north, Sstt.
Hell and elevator boys.
MURRAY A HEADY. 634-036 clay st. j
STEAM SHOVEL
FOREMAN.
Steam-Shovel foreman; see boss here; $100:
MURRAY ft READY. (134-636 Clay st. j
SPECIAL. . I
I Paj>erhanger. country job, $3 day: painter,
city lob $2 day; 5 machine miners, north, I
$!»i<; porter, city, $30 and room; shop butch
ar, 'city, $i."» to*sl7 week; foreman Carpen- I
tei-. $4 ."><> day; corral stableman, grading !
outfit. $.'H> found. :
MURRAY. , V HEADY. 634 636 Clay st
COOK d ellcatcsoen. no room $30.
4 cooks city f3O-|_* ,
Cook, no wash. Menlo I'ark SJg |
Cook, Berkeley, for students rs*H
Kitchen helper, institution $26 ;
Parlormaid and waitress $30
:; soo. lad rir'.s $20-?25
Dining-room girl for sanitorlum $20
German infant's nurse, references $30;
General housework. San Anseimo $30 !
Second girt for San Jose j»
Second girl and assist with invalid $—>
Housekeeper, 2 men. German or Swedish.£2s j
2 chambermaids and waitresses, country
$20-$25 j
Mother and daughter. housework and
nurse $40;
3 waitresses, city hotels $25-$3O '
And a large number of housework girls, j
city and country $_v-S2.'»-$3O
Apply to .i F. OROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter.
2 MACHINE miners. $3 day; farmer and
wife. $50 all d found; cheesemaker. $40 and
found,; cook, small mine. $86 and found:
and others. J. F. OROSETT & CO., (I2S
Sacramento st.
\ HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Waiter for help's hall. $26
WA NTED — Smart young man for bookkeeping
and office work in wholesale commission
lions.-: state age, wages, experience. Box
4241. Call. '
WANTED—Thoroughly experienced stationery
man; one capable rf taking charge of stock.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' -
WANTED—To rent barber shop In Santa Cruz
••r Monterey counties, or opening for one.
M. E. 8.. general delivery. Petaluma, Cal.
PARTY with $350 in lisht business; good
profit; light service required; A No. 1 busi
ness. ' Inquire 283 Fourth st.. barber shop.
WANTED—One or two men to learn a trade;
must have $10 security; no Sunday work. I
Call 212 First St.
W ANTED —Young man to engage in light
profitable work: some cash; experience un
necessary. Box 3593. Call.
CASH boys wanted—Bright, neat boys. Apply
this l.iorr.ing at superintendent's office. The
Emporium.
W ANTED, barber shop: will exchange Edi
son Home phonograph with over 100 Edison
records. Address G. A. C. 145« Ellis st.
BOOTBLACK. Barber shop, Park aye., be
tween Hoi Its and Holden sts., Emeryville,
near racetrack.
V.AXTED —Boy for office work, 14 to 16
yars of age." Box 4322. Call.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing; bring
tools. 693 Howard st.
BARBER wanted, with about 2 years' ex
perience. Box 4136, Call.
STEADY waiter. 434 Fifth st.
AN errand boy wanted at S. DAMMER*S, 208
O'Farrell st.
PORTER for barber shop; experienced; steady
j Job. 1102 Sutter st.
WANTED —Man to wash dishes, small chop
house. 200 Eighth_st.
BARBERS—Shop for sale; long lease. 7 Ellis
street.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale, cheap; good
location. 1350 Howard st.
BARBER shop. 627 Clay St., for sale cheap.
Apply between 10 and 1.
FOUR-CHAIR barber shop for sale, cheap;
owner going East. 218 Montgomery ays.
WANTED —Men to fill 350 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec
tric light in every room. 681 Howard, nr. Bd.
GET your shoes half-eoled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 571 Mission at., bet. Ist and 2d sts..
or 11 Third st.. Examiner building.
YOUNG man for South Sea whaling cruise; no
experience necessary'- 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS! —First-class barber Bhop for sale;
long lease. Box 4242, Call.
BARBER shop for sale. 750% Howard st.
ENERGETIC, reliable men as city and country
agents; steady positions. 247 Fifth st.
BARBERS'. —Two-chair shop for sale; cheap,
If sold by Monday.. 1074% Howard st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law A- Adjustment Co., 49 Second St.. r 522.
WANTED—Young man to work for his tuition
In S F. Barber School. 741 Howard st.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st.
MEN to learn the detective business; paid
while learning. 997 Market St., room 104.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St., where shoes are re
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 m1n.,75c
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls, r. 40. Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar
ket— 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, oor. Duncan and Church.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 871 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts. '
SALESMEN WANTED.
WANTED—An experienced city salesman to
sell a popular line of goods to the men's fur-,
nisiilng trade In city and Oakland. Address,
slating experience, box 4106, Call office.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
FOR sale—Team of bays; well matched; good
drivers; stand 16% hands high and weigh
at...ut 1200 pounds; parties retiring and team
must be sold. Call at 406 Montgomery St.,
between 2:30 and 4 p. m.
TWO double express wagons, horses, harness
and stand; a bargain. Northwest corner
Twenty-second and Valencia sts.
THREE combination horses, very stylish in
harness or saddle, and handsome bay coach
or trap team. 311 9th st., tel. Folsom 3681.
WILL give our hauling account to purchaser
of our single truck and draught horse. CHI
CAGO AND S. F. GROCERY CO., 270 sth st.
YOUNG big horse. $90, weight 1250 lbs; guar
anteed. Eagle Brewing Co., Eighteenth and
Harrison sts.
W ANTED—Nice driving team to weigh about
2000; must be sound, gentle and pleasant
drivers. Box 4320. Call office.
FIRE sale —All vehicles at reduced prices dur
ing alterations at O'BRIEN'S, 500 Golden
Gate aye.
FOR sale—Buggy; $25. 1818 Grove st
$25 —FINE business bargain for sale at 1504
Folsom st.
STYLISH horse for sale: a pacer: sound in '
every respect. Box 4396, Call office.
FOR SALE—SIS, horse. Coal yard. 042
Geary st.
FINE business buggy; also light road buggy;
reasonable. 523 Fulton st.
FOR SALE —Good work horse, $25. Apply at
2118 Pins su
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1905.
HOUSES AND WAGONS —Continued.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col
ic K>> now ready: mailed free upon application
to DR. E. J. CREELY.Pres..SIQ Golden Gate.
TWO-ton coal wagon. $40; express wagon. $85;
coal wagon. $25. 100 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale—Gentle horse for 6addle or driving,
cheap. 4150 Seventeenth st.
GOING out of business; new and second-hand
wagons ¥ old cheap. 1680 Mission st.. nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
CARLOAD gentle business buggy and livery
horses E. STEWART A CO.. 220 Valencia.
A—PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery. 1
NORTHWEST corner Pierce and Pine sts.—
House of 10 rooms and 2 baths, electric
lights, beam ceiling dining-room, cement
basement, etc.; thoroughly modern. Apply to
owner. GEO. H. KAHN. 201 Kearny st.
GUERRERO. 1130—Modern sunny house of 10
rooms and bath. Apply 1166 Guerrero st.
TO let—House of 2 rooms. 2287 Geary st.;
rent $6.
HOUSE 8 rooms and bath Inquire 126
Eddy st. ■
HOUSES FURNISHED—FOB SALE.
LARKIN. 413—5275; furnished house of 6
rooms; rooms earn good income over rent. ;
HOUSES WANTED. j
WANTED—To lease a first-class, modern resi
dence, ten or twelve rooms, In desirable dis
trict. Address particulars to box 4126, Call.
HOTEL with bar. also first-class hotel or res
taurant. RUSSELL, room 40, Parrott bldg.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$27 50—TO let, cottage of 7 rooms and bath;
all in good order. 2538 McAllister st.
$9 AND $12 50—Flat and cottage on Cheney
and Palmer *ts. .'{2o7 Mission at.
DOLORES, C 37. nr. 20th—5 large sunny rooms
and bath; $16.
COTTAGES TO LET—FUBNTSHBD.
FURNISHED cottage, 4 rooma and bath; large
baeement and yard; in the Mission, near
car line. Box 4001. Call office.
INSTALLMENT 3UILDINO.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes, 512 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
SS a month pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance due. making your In
stallments less than rent; send for circular,
sjsjsjsjsagg _S___aag___B_~-~l
INVESTMENTS.
WANTED—A man with $20,000 to take an In
terest in 3 mines located in Nevada; money
to be used for developing purposes and neces
sary mills; over 100.000 tons of ore now in
sight that will run from $435 to $35 per
ton; samples of ore can be seen at room 3,
26 Montgomery st. R. E. CALLAHAN.
aTk~CHALMERS CO., ST.
Gilt-edge real estate investment; strictly
high-clasE; limited number shares at $100
each; we will guarantee 6 per cent per an
num. with extra dividends.
LOST AND FOUND.
[ —
LOST—Going from city to Oakland. 6:45 nar
row gauge boat, Saturday evening, pack of
office papers; finder will please return to
640 Mission St.. S. F., or to 68 San Pablo
aye., Oakland, and receive reward.
LOST—lrish setter, sore on right front legt
return 1215 Golden Gate aye.; $5 reward.
LOST—A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of JOHN LYONS. No. 127-666. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST—A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of MIHAL CASTRO. No. 270-108. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST—A passbook with the Hibernia Saving!
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of LEANDER WEAVER, No. 262-561.
The finder will please return to bank.
ADRIFT in Oakland Creek on Jan. 2—Scow,
12x20; owner can have same by paying ex
penses. L. KBSSEL, master bark Alden
Besse. Oakland Creek.
LOST —Friday morning.. gentleman's tan
purse, on Taylor st., near Sutter; very lib
eral reward. Box 4314, Call.
LOST —On Powell st., or in Union Square Mar
ket, white silk waist. Return to 216 Powell
st. and receive reward
LAUNCHES FOB B—BB.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS
TO order—renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st.; phone South 216.
MEDICAL.
LADIES who are in trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician In San Francisco
who has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience without a failure has
put him at the head. He guarantees relief
or no pay.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
DR. G. W. <y DONNELL—AII who are sick or
In trouble consult thia specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
every case taken; Immediate relief; no poi
soning drugs: low fees: my methods will cure
all cases of Irregularity: by consulting me
save time and money. Advice free. Office,
1018 Market st.
LADIES —Possibly Tm not the cheapest nor yet
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE
LIABLE graduate physician. When In trou
ble confide In me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best atten
tion and no danger; I guarantee prompt re
sults or no charge. Room 1. Est. 14 yeara.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 306 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market St., opp. sth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. $44 Post st.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr
inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
on receipt of pries. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists, Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
ALL cases of female irregularities relieved at
once; guaranteed treatment, $10; 80 years'
successful experience. DRS. GOODWIN, 850
Market at., opp. Fourth, room ST.
' MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladles' specialist, removed
from 1118 Market st. to 838 Mission, near 4th.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1226 Market.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2905 Folsom St., corner
26th; ladles, relief or no tee; $10.
MISCELLANEOUS—FOR SALE.
2D-KAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc, etc. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; ace Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 180-132 Beale st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin. shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover It with Mastic Roofing. It Is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof. Paint and
Roofina Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about It. Elaterite Roofing Co., 713 Market.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN.
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
DIAMONDS, watches and jewelry sold on
credit by paying one-fifth down, balance pay
able at your own convenience. Pacific Jew
elry Co., 21 Stockton st., second floor.
A—BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suita J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
IMPORTED Belgian Homers hen pigeons,
runts, hen-runt crosses; large squab raisers.
fancy pigeons: cheap. Birds at 229 Stevenson.
FOLDING go-cart, child's crib A box bed
lounge. Inquire 172 Minna r. 12; no dealers.
FOR sale —1000 shares of the Gray Gander Oil
Co.; very reasonable. A. H., box 4064. Call.
TALKING scales. $25. BACIGALUPL 786
Mission St.
FOR sale —2 fine great Dane puppies. In
quire st 243 East at., nr. Jackson.
MISCELLANEOUS—^F^B^ALE—Con^
TALKING machine records; second hand; good
conditio. 307 Sansome st.. room 3.
SAFES and desks at nearly cost; must make
room. Richardson Bros., 123 New Montgmry.
SAFEB and cash registers; new and second
hand. L FREEMAN, 1325 Market st.
A VERY fine sealskin coat for sale at a bar
gain at Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard ft Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES—New and second-hand. THE HER
MANN SAFE CO.. 807 Battery st. I
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
I ROOMS papered, $4 up; tinting. painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel. Main 418.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAAA—Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825. 660 Sacramento at.
Highest urlces paid for ladles' and gents' cast
off clothing. TUton. 164 9th; tel. Jessie 3916.
WANTED—PaneI top delivery wagon; stats
where can be seen. Box 1648 C, 1008 Market,
WANTED—To buy 2 male foxhound pupa.
Address 1106 Powell St., city.
PAYS special price cast-off fancy ladles' dress
es, gents' clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Red 77.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER ft CO.. r. 406, Adams
bldg.. 206 Kearny St.: phone Black 3036
MONEY TO LOAN.
AA AAA—A CONFIDENTIAL and reputable
place to borrow money on the following:
Salaries.
Life insurance pollclea
Chattel mortgages.
Undivided interests.
Goods in bond.
Legacies. - ■'
Second and third mortgages.
Estates in probate.
Life estates.
Rents.
Special department for loans to ladles on
their notes.
Privates offices for ladles and gentlemen.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton st.. near Market,
2d floor. Phone Bush 484.
AAAA—THE Portland Jew*ry Co. will make
you very liberal loana on your diamonds,
sealskin "or any valuables at the low rate of
two (2) per cent per month; If you do not
! wish to call, phone us (phone Bush 484) and
the manager of our loan department will call
on you- all business strictly confidential.
25 STOCKTON ST.. NEAR MARKET.
I Private offices at 21 Stockton st.. 2d floor.
N. B.—The only loan offlce west of New
York that has a fire and burglar proof vault
on the premises; free use of same to all cus
tomers.
—MANHATTaTn" LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5% AND 6 PER CENT
CITY OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es
tates In probate, undivided interests in prop
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests In property
purchased.
T. ...MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
AAA—HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount oa
Ist. 2d or 3d
Mortgages, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property,
Location, etc
Box 223, Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
978 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market and 27 Third.
A—ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate;
Ist or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 38 Geary, room 36.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. TOLMAN, 553 Parrott bldg.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, sliver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st,
PRIVATE—Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan C 0.,523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security. The Whits
Co.. 420 California st.. rooms 14 and 15.
SALARIED people on note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bid.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 811, Mutual Say. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds A Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
MUSICAL IBBTBUMHJITB.
BEST Inducements; best selection of stock.
Over 10 years' experience renting pianos.
Square pianos and organs; $1 per month.
Good uprights, $2 and $2 60 per month.
One year rental allowed.
The best Instrument In the city for $8 month,
SCOTT CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS.
1 French upright ( $55
1 Stoddard; mahogany $115
Also one Chlckerlng. Weber, Vose, Sterling,
Steinway, Curtaz, Rudolph, Fischer. Haines
and others. Easy payments. BENJ. CUR
TAZ ft SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
ATTENTION piano buyers'—lnvestigate our
second-hand pianos, taken In exchange dur
ing holiday sale; prices away down; rents, $2
up. allowed If purchased; Installments, $4
up. HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary st;
Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
AUCTION —January 24. 1905: Annual storage
sale. 27 high-grade new and aecond-hand
pianos, storage furniture, desks, safes, etc:
sale bona fide. WHITEHEAD'S Storage,
1838 Market
$60 UPRIGHT; one $80 upright; one good
square. $20. HORNUNQ. 216 McAllister st.
A SMALL Steinway "upright; cost $500; $185
takes It. 237 Geary st.
ELEGANT uprfghts.new ft 2d-hand,s4s to $500.
Pierces Piano Factory. Market and 14th ats.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 308-312 Post at.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay
ments. SCHMITZ A CO., 16 McAllister st,
8-PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckertngbaby grand;
Shoninger, little used. Keeffe'a 285 O'Farrell.
CHEAPEST and best In America—The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
OFFICES AND BTOBBS TO LET.
THE Lore In c Apartments, 730 O'Farrell—Ele
gant 3-room parlor suite on ground floor;
suitable for doctor or dentist
RENTS reduced; offices to let; 289 Post oor.
Stockton; all light rooms; janitor and ele
vator services.
STORE—Very prominently situated; suitable
for any kind of business. 1848 Valencia st
MARKET. 719—Front offices to rent
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DrTc. c7c?DONNELL—OffIce and residence"
1021% Market at., bet. 6th and 7th; particu
lar atention paid to diseases of women.
CATARRH, DEAFNESB and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new methods; one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 9 Powell st.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED —DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 116-117 Mason st., now lo
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor—All dls.
j eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay at
A- MME. GILDING HAM. beauty dermatologist -
and skin specialist, will give special rates
this week; two ladles can be seen dally with
wrinkles, puffiness, sallow complexion re
moved from one side of the face; will show
Its permanency; private home for patients,
my personal care given. 143 Stockton st.;
call or write for booklet.
"R-E-X-R-A-D-I-O"
BEING FULLY OCCUPIED
IS UNABLE TO RECEIVE
"N-E-W" PATIENTS
FOR A "F-E-W" DAYS
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, Im
proves Its growth, stops failing.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists',hairdressers'ac
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1838 Polk
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1899. 2122 Fillmore st.; phone Geary 2053.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, over
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS',
London Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post St., near Powell.
INFANTS adopted; housekeeping rms if de- !
sired. Dr. Funke, 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
WRINKLES, freckles, moles, superfluous hair
removed: latest moth. Mme. Marle.lo42 Ellis.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; electric needle.
Mrs. Eaton. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 88.
MRS. DR. GWYER 511 A Leavenworth St., be
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 897.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring. 117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS, 1127
Market St., between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing.
Art Tailoring, 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas.
TAILOR-MADE suifs7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wijes;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN ft CO., 783 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1 at all druggists'.
__^_L??^^,?:
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA. mX
torney-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
j !
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
LAST week of our annual sale. We have a
number of practically new Whites, slightly
ehopworn, that must be sold at once, re
gardless of cost to make. Also a lot of used
machines of other makes that will go at
any price White Sewing Machine Co., 916
Market st.
DOMESTIC —The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes' at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes
tic office. 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand, $3, $5, $8; slightly
used, $10, $15, $20; you know where the dolls
swing in the window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK, 1915 Mission st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A—EMPORIUM Storage ft Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725
-781 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 10 Drumm st.;
phone Main 81; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
DRY brick basement. 14x43, to let; rant $10.
1277 Mission St.. bet. Eighth and Ninth.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage ft Moving Co., of
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex, 671.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com
pany, 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKIN3 Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 536 California st.
2D HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. C 0.,508 Market.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts, Navy Depart
ment, Washington, D. C, until 10 o'clock
a m., January 31, 1906, and publicly opened
Immediately thereafter, to furnish at the
navy yards. Mare Island, Cal., Puget Sound,
Wash., and Naval Training Station, San Fran
cisco, Cal., as specified, a quantity of Port
land cement, crushed granite, sand, broken
stone, rods, bolts, nuts, washers, spikes,
metal fabric door seta sash fasteners,
hinges, screws, dies, taps, drills, locks,
emery wheels, sandpaper, grate bars, files,
Yale locks, lead wire, accessories for Brown
and Sharps milling machine, miscellaneous
hardware and hand tools, ticking. Irish and
dowlas linen, muslin buffs, billiard cloth.
Van Dyke cloth, corset lacing, sheeting, elec
tric and oil lamps, electric wire, motors,
fans, Oregon pine, piles, railroad rails, angle
bars, medium steel, steel plates, galvanized
roofliu;, iron, pig lead, copper, brass, pig
tin, hose, valves. "Garlock" and "Peerless"
packing, sheet gum gasket, magnesia pipe
coverinc and blocks, drain and soil pipe,
condenser tubes, paper weights, punches,
twine, paper, memorandum books. Ink,
library paste, water-closets, lavatory, bath
tub, wall and deck phones, nitric acid, plati
num wire and sheet, sheet sliver, salt
water soap, steam pump, walrus and walrine
wheels, ground emery, "Tripoli," "Acme
White," carbolineum, dry grinder, window
glass, "McCreery" elbows, upholsterer's
leather. Singer sewing machine, rigging and
lacing leather, paint brushes, cotton waste
susar, and oil meter. Blank proposals will
be furnished upon application to the navy
pay offices, Ban Francisco, Cal., and Seattle.
Wash., or to the Bureau* H. T. B. HAR
RIS. Paymaster General. U. S. N. 12-27-04
PROPOSALS for Public Buildings—Office Con
structing Quartermaster, San Francisco,
Cal.. January 14, 1905.—Sealed proposals,
In triplicate, subject to the usual conditions,
will be received at this offlce until 11 o'clock
a. m.. Pacific time. February 13, 1905, and
then opened. In the presence of bidders, for
the construction, plumbing, steamflttlng and
electric wiring of twenty-one buildings at
Point Bon its, Cal. Information furnished
on application to this offlce; also to the
office of the Depot Quartermaster, Seattle,
Wash., and Portland, Or. The United States
reserves the right to accept or reject any
bid received or any part thereof. Envelopes
containing proposals must be Indorsed "Pro
posals for Public Buildings* at Point Bonita
Cal." and addressed to Captain W. C.
WREN. Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Con
structing Quartermaster. Phelan building.
San Francisco. Cal.
PROPOSALS for coal—Offlce Depot Quarter
master, 38 New Montgomery street, San
Francisco, Cal., Jan. 16, 1905,—Sealed pro
posals, in triplicate, subject to usual condi
tions, will be received here until 3:29
o'clock p. m.. Pacific Standard Time, Thurs
day, February 9, 1905, and then opened, for
furnishing 5000 tons best specially selected
lump coal (2240 lbs to ton), at Honolulu,
H. T. The United States reserves right to
accept or reject any or all bids or any part
thereof. Further information and blank pro
posals furnished on application. Envelopes
containing proposals to be marked "Proposals
for Coal No. 368." and addressed to MA
JOR C. A. DEVOL, Q. M., U. S. A., Depot
Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies, Office
Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco, Cal..
January 14. 1906 —Sealed proposals for fur
nishing and delivering of such quantities
of subsistence supplies, delivered at such
wharf or wharves or such warehouses In
San Francisco, Cal.. aa per circular to be
seen at this office, will be received here until
11 o'clock a. m.. Friday, January 27, 1905,
and opened Immediately thereafter, In pres
ence of bidders. Specification, general In
structions to bidders and blank forms of pro
posals will be furnished to established deal
ers on application to C. R. KRAUTHOFF,
Maj. Corny. (
SEALED proposals will be received at the of
fice of the Lighthouse Engineer, San Fran
cisco, Cal., until 12 o'clock m., February 3,
I 1906, and then opened, for the construction
of a frame lighthouse structure at the south
erly end of Southampton Shoals. San Fran
cisco Bay. Cal., In accordance with specifi
cations, copies of which, with blank pro
posals and other Information, may be had
upon application to Lieut. Col. THOS. H.
HANDBURY. Corps of Engineera U. S. A..
Engineer.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal . Jan. 16, 1905.—Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received here .
until 11 o'clock a. m.. February 16, 1906, and
then opened, for replanking and repairing
wharf at Presidio of San Francisco, Cal., In
cluding cluster, spring and fender plies.
Government reserves the right to reject or
accept any or all bide in whole or In part.
Information furnished on application to WM.
8 PATTEN. Assistant Quartermaster Gen
eral. Chief Quartermaster.
BEAL ESTATE TO EKCHANQB.
BUSINESB property in oan Jose to exchange
for* Oakland property. See P. C. LASSEN ft
CO., 466 Tenth at, Oakland, Cal.
REAL ESTATE—CITY—FOR SALE.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
25 Poet st.
City agents for Firemen's Fund Insurance
Company; publishers of the "Buyer and Sell
er," a real estate monthly pamphlet, con
taining articles of Interest pertaining to real
estate and a fine list of properties for sale;
free; send for one.
— r
*2.000 n
5 o 01 /_«,__ N 5
X X 4 2.000 N v
Marine view lots at moderate prices, con
venient and short distance to down
town dlatrlct. Suitable for flata which
rent readllv in the location, or for
residences. On line of Hyde st. car
- as per diagram.
$B,ooo— Bryant st. corner, new and modern
bldg., containing store and flat of 5
rooms and bath; rents $55 per month;
lease has 4% years to run; mortgage
of $4000 can remain.
$11,800—Post St., near Van Ness; fine house
of 11 rooms, bath, conservatory, steam
heating, etc.; lot 27:6x120 to rear |
street; very comfortable home; rents
for $66 per month.
$9,2so—Stockton st. cor., well In. 2-story
bldg., consisting of store and 15 rooms
above; rents for $72 50 per month;
modern plumbing and In good condi
tion. Pays over 9 per cent net.
$20,000—Rent $2040 per annum; 6 new, sun
ny flats, modern Improvements; cen
trally located, Julian aye., near 14th i
St., car transfer corner; within ten
minutes' walk of City Hall, new post
office and manufacturing district.
$15,000— Geary St., near Larkin; fins lot, 26x
120, containing old Improvements;
renting for $66 per month; splendid
building site.
$4,6oo—First aye., near the Park: nice cot
tage of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x120;
high basement and attic; basement
could be converted Into flat; rent
$37 50 per month.
$6,Boo—Walnut st,. 8 new flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath, renting for $58 per
month; 27:6 feet frontage; convenient
to the car lines.
$10.600-Kvde at,, near transfer point at Cal
if 01 nia; substantial three-story build
ing; store on ground floor, renting for
$30. and two flats above of 6 and 6
rooms and bath each, renting low at
$20 and $22 60 per month; total rents
$72 50.
$6,ooo—Monthly returns in rent are $86;
this it a flrst-class buy for Income;
fcur flats In the Mission warm belt;
half block from 24th-st cars; fine con
dition; always rented; large lot,
60x100.
$15,000 —Centrally located downtown Income
property; short distance from Pine
and Kearny sts.; frame and brick
buildings renting for $130 per month;
mortgage of $7600 with bank can re
main at 6 per cent; lot 35x137:6.
$6,ooo—Avery st, near Geary and Fillmore;
three flats of 3. 5 and 6 rooms and
bath each; rents $59 50.
$6,760—8u5h St.; two fine flats of 6 rooms
and bath each; renting for $60 per
month; In good condition; investigate
this.
$30,000 —Page st. business corner; 2 frame
buildings, consisting of grocery
and 4 flats of 7 and 8 rooms and bath,
renting for $200 per month; large lot,
87:6x106:3.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS PROPERTY.
Ready for building; only a few of these
choice marine view lots left; In block
bounded by Vallejo, Green. Broderick
and Baker sta; property on official
grade; streets and crossings sewered;
low prices on terms to suit.
PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
Finest subdivision of home building lots of
fered to the public In years; Parnas
sus Heights fronts Golden Gate Park
on H st. and extends from First to
Seventh aye. (the boulevard) and back
to the Affiliated Colleges; office corner
H st. and Seventh aye.; open every
day, including Sundays; attendant
with rig to show you around.
BALDWIN A HOWELL, 25 Post St.
$6800—SACRAMENTO near East; equity in
good niece of business property close
to water front: 80 feet front; leases
will expire In about one year; needs
new building, which will pay good In
terest; bank mortgage $7200 can re
main. Make offer.
BALDWIN ft HOWELL,
25 Poet Street.
MECHANICS' HOME LOTS,
$150 AND UP $150.
Near Union and Rlsdon Iron Works
and Sugar Refinery.
Take cars to 23d and Kentucky sts.
See our large signs.
ONLY $50 CASH.
ONLY $50 CASH.
Balance $6 per month. *
BALDWIN ft HOWELL, Agents,
25 Post Street.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAKES.
$200 for choice lots, Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on grade:
close to fine school and Misslon-st. electric
cars; bound to double in value.
$400 each on installments of $10 per month:
no taxes; fine lots, near Ocean boulevard;
best residence location south of Golden Gate
Park; these are the cheapest lots in thia dis
trict; advancing in price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st.. r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
$7000 —HALF cash; new, sunny flats; frescoed,
tinted: 5 and 6 rooms; baths; attic 2065
-2087 Golden Gate aye., near Central.
FOR a glltedge Investment see 5 flats In best
part of Richmond District; rents $100; price
$10,260. Owner, box 4060, Call office.
HAVE fine income property for sale near City
Hall. Intending purchaser call 162 Fulton st.
BARGAIN In finely finished home; choice lo
cation, fine view. Box 3531. Call office.
GOOD work our motto: prices moderate. AHL.
BACH ft MAYER, plumbcs. 836 Howard St.
REAL ESTATE—COUNTRY—For Sal*.
INVEST YOUR MONEY IN LAND IN SUT
TER COUNTY.
$66 sn acre buys choice orchard land within
three miles of three large fruit canneries,
two dried fruit packing establishments and a
large winery; best market center for all kinds
of fruit: the Butte County irrigation ditch
coming this way; surveys under way for
two electric lines to traverse this section
and an overland road (the Western Pacific)
passing through here all point to a large in
crease In land values; four dally passenger
trains to San Francisco each day now: no '
other section offers a better opportunity for !
profitable Investment: also have some good
dredge mining propositions.
• Address M. J. NEWKOM. Real Estate
Dealer, 406 Second st., Marysvllle, Cal.
A SNAF.
$2800 cash will buy an 800-acre stock ranch
in Sonoma County; house, barn, orchard and
vineyard; plenty water and wood; especially
good for hog raising; must be sold at once
on account of disagreement between owners.
See P. C. LASSEN ft CO., 466 Tenth St.,
Oakland. Cal.
" A SURE PLACE FOR A HOME.
We have a few improved and unimproved
farms, situate In Santa Cruz and Monterey
Counties, where there are no dry years; no
booms no malaria: the best climate and
water in the State. Apply GAFFEY ft MA
HON, 11 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
$4 AN acre; 3730 acres; the cheapest and one
of the best stock ranches in Mendocino I
County: get particulars. ROTHERMEL ft
CO., 507 California St.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogue of the best land
bargains in California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market st.
NO agents wanted: for sale, beautiful home In
Frultvale: plenty water: 20 minutes' ride
from station. Box B, Call branch, 300 Hayes.
*EAL ESTATE—CXTT—POB SALE
SPECK A CO..
209 Montgomery st.
Selling. Kent collected.
Leasing. Insurance.
INCOME PROPERTIES.
$40,000 —Splendid large business corner ta
Western Addition; .1 stores and 4 flats;
all rented now for $266 50 a month,
part under lease; can be rented for $300
monthly; a reasonable offer entertained.
$37,600—60 ft., with improvements, on Turk
St., near Hyde; a grand opportunity to
alter present buildings at comparatively
small cost into handsome paying In
vestment; full value here; present rents
$1800.
$21,500 —Exceptionally bright and sunny, well
located, new Western Addition flats;
88-ft corner lot; rents $2460 year; see
this and make reasonable offer.
$17.600—Harrison-st. corner, close in; 53 ft.
frontage; good improvements and yield
ing an income of over $2000 yearly;
best buy south of Market st. for the
money.
$B,Bso—Fine Western Addition flats; lot 25a
122:6; renting for $75 50 monthly; right
off Van Ness aye.; make offer.
I $7,500 —Dupont-st. business property; a sub
stantial Investment; Improvements In
fine condition; leased at $720 annually;
no reasonable offer refused; price re
duced for Quick sale.
$6,7so—Hayes-st. flats; 25 ft. lot; building in
good condition; cost $6000; lot easily
worth $3000; is practically given away.
This is the biggest kind of a bargain;
Investigate and be convinced.
$6,200 —A rare investment In flats in best part
Richmond District, on four car lines
and close to Golden Gate Park; all
rented and paying 20 per cent on in
vestment; offered at reduced price; don't
miss it.
$6,600- The best small flat buy In Western
Addition; new and fully rented modern
flats; 25 ft. lot; income $660 yearly.
BUILDER'S REMODELING CHANCE.
$9.OOO—SE cor. Sutter and Scott sta; 10
-room residence; convert Into 4 stores
and flats above at a cost of $5000 and
same will easily rent for $175 month.
$52,500—100-ft. corner In wholesale district;
block from Market st.; present im
provements rent for $2350.
$63,000— Large fine corner on Ellis St., east of
Larkin; 63-ft. frontage on Ellis St.;
present improvements old; splendid lo
cation to improve, with Indlsputed fu
* ture.
RESIDENCES,
$23,000 —Fine Callfornla-st. residence. 53-ft
lot, near Laguna St.; 14 rooms and
bath; in first-class condition; have
others.
$9,000— Clay-st. residence; north side; 10
rooms and bath; 37-fL lot; all In goad
condition.
$3,800— Modern 5-room cottage; 25 ft. lot, in
choice neighborhood. Western Addition;
a positive bargain; lot alone worth
$2500; we have others; get list. **
LOTS.
$1,500 —Richmond lots; close in and near
Golden Gate Park and on 4 car linest
cheapest lots In vicinity.
$16,000 —Beautifully located 50-ft. corner;
select portion of Pacific Heights.
$33,000 —Superbly located residence site; ele
gant neighborhood; extended marine and
city view; cheapest purchase of its kind
In the city; three frontages; 128x137:6
feet; worth fully $40,000.
We have lots in all parts of the city. Call
for list.
SPECK & CO.,
209 Montgomery st.
NEW, modern 9-room house, new barn, for sals
on easy terms. Box 4264, Call offlce.
SAN MATEO BUBAL ESTATE.
SAN MATEO SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice list of excellent residence
properties, villa sites and acreage. Don't tall
to see us before buying. Investigate San Mateo
Park, the ideal propety of them all. Lots of
about one acre each. Bound to be most valu
able; $900 up.
HATWARD ADDITION.
Adjoining the town. Business and residence
lots. Street work complete. Covered with ma
jestic oaks. Easy terms. See our local agent,
Frank S. Grummon. San Mateo offlce open
Sunday.
BALDWIN A HOWELL, 26 Post St.
LOMITA PARK. LOMITA PARK.
LOMITA PARK
On the line of San Mateo electric cars; 41
minutea from Fifth and Market ata
Bower and water pipes laid.
Para artesian water.
Lots $400 and up.
Outside the fog belt.
$10 to $50 down and $10 per month*
Go down and investigate.
Maps sent on application.
SELBT. RODGERS A CO..
Main 673. 116 California SC.
Also at Lomlta Park.
wamme=. ■ ssssssmmm
MBNI.O FABK RRAJj BBTATN.
A—MENLO PARK-FAIR OAKS.
Large villa sites and tracts of from ona tg
Aye acres, beautifully wooded and ready for
building. Convenient to station and In beat
part of Fair Oaks and Menlo Park. Road work
free of expense to buyers. Exceptionally
easy terms. Finest climate In vicinity of city.
Unexcelled educational facilities. For particu
lars write
SELBT, RODGERS A CO..
Main 678 ' 110 California ft.
■SaSffSaSaSSaMfsWSxl ' 1 ~=!!2S3mmsamm
BERKELEY ADVIffiT WTB
FOR SAXB OR I_BABE—RRms7~T.WT.
LEASE for sale—Al central location; suitable
for real estate or small store Box 1000, CMS
branch offlce, Oakland.
BBRKBIiNT ROOMS AND BOAJKP.
PLEASANT sunny rooms with board in prlvatg
boarding-house. 2813 Durant are., Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'MTS
OFFICE. UM BROADWAY.
OA.KXAJTO BJMAX BSTATB.
THIS IS A BARGAIN"!
THIS IS A BARGAIN!
teoOO—Worth $7600. $6000—Worth fTBOA
$6000—Worth $7600. $6000—Worth $7500.
MUST BB 80LD.
MUST BB SOLD.
The choicest and most sightly lot la Pied
mont; 100 feat frontage on two streets by a
depth of over 300 feet: all street work com
plete; surrounded by elegant residences; con
venient to cars; grand view of Golden Gats,
San Francisco. Marin hills, the bay of Oak
land; easy terms; must be sold.
J. H. MACDONALD A CO ,
1052 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
BARGAIN!
$0000 will buy a fine $8000 home,
MUST BE SOLD.
MUST BE SOLD.
Fine home of 9 rooms and all conveniences;
surrounded by palms; lot 160 feet front; lot
surrounded by three streets; on electric line;
almost entirely free from fogs; climatic condi
tions unexcelled.
If you wish a fine sheltered home see this
property. It is in the Piedmont district.
For particulars see
J. H. MACDONALD A CO..
1052 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. ,
i ELEGANT residence lets, 40x120 and 40x200
each, in Piedmont district; 3 short blocks to
"Key Route" depot; one block from Broad
way; elevated ground; fine view; street work
complete; entirely new neighborhood; 30 min
utes to San Francisco; oonveoient to Country
Club.
FOR PRICES AND TERMS SEE
J. H. MACDONALD A CO.,
1062 Broadway, Oakland. CaL
$250 CASH, $10 monthly till paid up—New
cottage of 4 good-sized rooms; lobby, pan
try, etc.; Al well of water; city water If
wanted; 4 lots. 100x100. all fenced; more
land if needed; cheap; near electric car line
and but a few minutes to local steam cars
to S. F.: deep, sandy loam soil; high and
dry: m fine location; away from fogs and
raw winds; adjoining East Oakland; near fine
school and churches; come and see it; it's
a gem; price in all, $1250: call or send for
i circular. 456 7th St.. opp. Broadway station.
! Oakland; carriage free. H. X JONES.
CORNER lot; 50x120; valued at $1350: six
room house and barn; cost about $2150
trees vines, etc.; 1«2«> Eleventh aye.. East
Oakland Will be sold to highest bidder on
Friday Jan. 20, at 10 a. m, in JUDGE
OGDEN'S Court. Oakland.
For Additional Classified Adverting
merits See Page 14.
1314
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'M'TS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2000 IS the price, and don't miss this if you
want a chance to buy a swell 6-room East
lake cottage located in the center of town,
only 5 minutes' walk from local train, in
choice resident neighborhood: lot 30x109; all
large, sunny rooms, having east frontage;
high basement; don't fail to investigate this.
Only $2750—Must be sold at once; 7-room
colonial house, modern in every particular;
oi>en .plumbing porcelain bath, gas and c ec
tricity; all large rooms; 4 bedrooms upstairs;
good-sized lot; fine neighborhood and must be
sold at once; price only $2750: very easy terms;
owner must sell on account of change in busi
ness location.
$6250—Elegant home of 0 rooms; lot 75x125;
fine marine view; terraced lawn; stone steps
and cement walks and walls around entire
property: .". oak and maple mantels; oak finish
in hall and dining-room; construction guaran
teed, as this was the former home ot our
Governor and huiit of the best material money
could buy. This property must be sold at
once; easy terms or trade for smaller income
property.
KREISS & HORSWILL,
1070 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
A SNAP.
$1500 only for house of 5 rooms with a small
store; will pay 20 per cent on investment.
P. C. LASSEN A CO., 466 Tenth St.. Oak- \
land. Cal.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni- \
ture. H. Schelhaas.llth St.. cor.store, Oakland. (
San Francisco Advertisein't'a
BOOMS
ALT A VISTA. 800 Van Ness aye —Elegantly
furnished suits and single rooms.
BRYANT, 421—One or two nicely furnished
sunny rooms for housekeeping; gas.
CALIFORNIA, 1516—Housekeeping rooms to
Ist. ,
CASTRO, 429, nr. Seventeenth, rear—3, pleas
ant sunny private housekeeping rooms; large
yard; $10.
ELEVENTH, 106— Nicely furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping: gas; bath; $10.
ELLIS, 801—2 sunny nicely furnished house
keeping rooms; reasonable ♦
EDDY. 743—Fine parlor suite; 2 or 4 furnished
rooms; gaa range, phone, yard.
GEARY, 1226—Fine, sunny, bay-window suite;
all conveniences: nice marine view; also
other choice rooms; reasonable.
HARRISON, 240SV_, bet. 20th and 21st—Two
sunny front rooms, suitable for housekeep
ing; gas range and bath; rent $11.
HAWTHORNE, 18. off Howard, near Third — !
*2 large, sifrinny rooms; American family; $2 50 :
HYDE and Washington (apply 1509 Wash.)— j
Suites 2 or 3 rooms for hkpg.; newly fur. |
IVY aye., 241, near Franklin—l or 3 very |
nice rooms furnished, $10 and $16; 6lnk;
adults.
JONES 303—Pleasant sunny rooms; gas, run
ning 'water, large closet, for light housekpg.
LANGTON, 15, near Seventh—3 neatly fur- :
nlshed rooms for housekeeping; rent reason- ;
able. j
LEAVENWORTH, 212—3 housekeeping rooms; ;
B"nny.
MAYBELLE. 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness aye —
Sunny furn. 2 and 3 room suites; Sl9. $26.
MISSION, nil U —Housekeeping room? and
single room' to let at reasonable prices.
MISSION. 1150 —2 nicely furnished rooms, com- j
plete far housekeeping. j
OAK. 117—Rooms, complete, housekeeping; $3
to $12; gas range; hot hath; adults.
OCTAVIA, 151—Housekeeping rooms.
O'FARRELL. 1305—Nicely furnished sunny
front housekeeping suite: $16.
PAGE. 2"B—Two furnished housekeeping
rooms; $14.
PIERCE, 422—Sunny front unfurnished house
keeping rooms; bath; phone; home conven
iences; reasonable.
PINE. 023—3 nicely furnished sunny front
housekeeping rooms; $17.
, . 1— ■ l
SECOND. 212—Furnished rooms for house
keeping; central; clean; quiet; no children.
SEVENTH, 191—Sunny front bay window j
room for housekeeping.
SEVENTEENTH. 2521. East Bryant—3 furn. I
hpg. rms. up. flat; grate, range; adults; $12
■ TENTH, 149—1 furnished housekeeping room, j
parlor; piano; private family.
. TWELFTH. 136 —2 or 3 sunny furnished rooms;
housekeeping; gas and grate; complete.
TURK. 130—Two nice sunny rooms for house
keeping: rent cheap.
TURK. 332—Use of bedroom and kitchen for
care ' small boarding-house: call afternoons.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 4032—3 eunny rooms, bath;
unfurnished * rent $12; no children; for house
keeping. »
WEBSTER, 1229—3 or 4 rooms, complete for
housekeeping; bath and phone Pine 56.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
APARTMENTS W Al7 TED.
8-ROOM apartment wanted; furnished and up
to-date; give location and rates. Box 4397,
Call offlce. j
WANTED—NiceIy furnished apartment of 4
rooms; close In; state terms; can give refer- j
ences if required. Box 4099. Call offlce.
A OR 5 room apartment wanted; furnished;
close in. Box 4296, Call offlce.
■ in mgm
ROOMS TO I.ET— j
A—BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth St.—Rooms
26c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ATKINS, corner Third st. and Park lane—New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water; electric lights; only flrst-class bouse
in locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)—Rooms, 25c to 60c, $1, $1 60 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store: 2 en
•trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk—Electric
lights, running water In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BUSH, 610 A—Newly furnished suite In corner
flat; also single room; private family.
BUSH, 806 —Large alcove and single room for
gentleman with good references; no signs.
BRYANT. 671—Furnished room to let,
CLEMENTINA, 426—Sunny furnished room; $5
per month.
DOR LAND, 26—Nice front room to let
EDDY, 432—Finely furnished rooms; all con
veniences ; very reasonable.
ELLIS, 8 —Newly furnished rooms; reasonable.
ELLIS, 1825 —Furnished rooms.
FILLMORE, 923. near McAllister—2 nice back
rooms, suitable for couple.
FOUR unfurnished rooms and bath, In flat oc
cupied by physician; Union st., west of
Van Ness; $14; references; no small children.
Box 4063. Call offlce.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission—Rooms 350
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HOWARD, 715—Furnished rooms, single or
double; central location.
JESSIE. 367—Nice furnished single rooma from
$1 per week up.
JONES? 951 —Sunny, furnished parlor, piano;
choice location; large front room; con. bath.
KEARNY. 104—Sunny unfurnished front
suites of 2 and 3 rooms, $11, $18, $20; bath.
KEARNY, 418—Fine front sunny rooms for
$2 50 to $5 per week.
LAGUNA, 702—Nice sunny furnished front
room for gentleman.
LARKIN, 1320 near Pine—Sunny furnished
rooms; new flat; rent reasonable.
MARKET. 719—Furnished rooms: newly reno
vated; double or single; by the day. week
or month.
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth)—Sunny rooms;
$2 50 to $7 week; baths; elevator; also hskpg.
■ METROPOLITAN Hotel, 129 Third st—4oo
single and family rooms 35c to $1 60 per day.
$2 to $8 week: the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San tFranclsco
that has offlce on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room and gives free baths and ele
vator day and night to Its guests.
MINNA, 669— Sunny front room with two
single beds; reasonable.
MISSION, Pleasant furnished room In
private family.
ROOMS TO LET—Furn. and TJjafnxn.
NINTH, 167—A nice. _unny, furnished front
room and others; gas and bath.
OAK, 2035—Furnished rooms; also housekeep
ing rooms; running water, bath, phone; rea
sonable.
POST, 507—Nicely furnished front rooms to
let; also one for light housekeeping.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis—lncandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week, ;2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; looms with hot and cold water: baths.
TURK, 123 —Clean, sunny furnnished rooms,
with board; suite or single; $5 up.
TURK, 332—Nice sunny rooms; also house
keeping rooms. .
TURK, 1207—3 unfurnished rooms; rent $12,
VAN NESS aye.. 314—Sunny front room,
large. $18; small room $S.
VENDOME, 1104 Market—Furn. rooms, suite
or single; suite $5 week. up. _15 Turk.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market—4oo
rooms 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec
tric lights mo gas), running water In every j
room; elevator, read.-room: free bus, baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 41 3d St.. nr. Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
36c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus, baggage.
A LADY wishes to let part of her flat; new,
sunny and desirable; references .required.
Call at 1531 Waller st.. near the Park.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL Baltimore, 1015 Van Ness ave.—First
class hotel, on American plan; families es
pecially; elegant rooms, all modern and
every convenience; very sunny; fine views:
table unsurpassed. H. C. SHANNON, prop.
HOTEL L'AIGLON. 501 Geary st.—Large,
sunny rooms, board; suites, with board for 2.
$50 mo.; single, with board. $25 up; special
family rates; Just renovated.
LARGE, sunny, corner room; grate; running |
water; with or without board; also room j
with running water, with or without board. I
Box 40G6, Call offlce.
WANTED—Young business man to room and
board; small private family: bath and phone;
references. 2051 Fifteenth st.
HOTEL COMORA. 621 O'Far; ell—Superior
table, rooms, furnishing, service; attractive
grounds.
CALIFORNIA, 807—Best rooms, table and ser
vice in the city for the least money.
JONES. 434, flat B—Suite, with bath, and
single rooms; board; new house; no signs.
THE DRESDEN. 1442 Fulton St.. near Baker-
Select family boarding house.
PINE. 793—Large parlor suite, with excellent
board, for two; $50 per month.
ELLIS, 453—Best of French table board: terms
reasonable: also elegant furnished rooms.
FRANKLIN. 1109—Sunny front suite; also sin
gle rooms: with excellent board.
TURK, 1159—Two front• parlors; select loca
tion; for 2 gentlemen; with board, $50.
SACRAMENTO, 1106— Board and room, $5 per
w Ok.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
BOARD and suite of rooms wanted for man and i
wife; state lowest terms; must be first class.
Box 4299. Call offlce.
WANTED—Room and board for a gentleman; !
east of Larkin st. Address box 4197, Call. j
REDEMPTION BONDS.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
FIRbT REFUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS— j
Notice is hereby given that, pursuant to the !
provision of article eight of the mortgage !
from this company to the Central Trust Com
pany of New York, trustee, dated August I,
lt>99, this company has set apart out of the i
net income derived by it from the lines of I
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of twen- I
ty-flve thousand dollars in trust to be used I
to redeem said bonds, and that bonds issued i
under said mortgage will be redeemed there- i
with. Bids are hereby invited for the sur- |
rendei of such bonds at prices to be named i
by the bidders, to the amount of $26,670 80, {
l:i the sinking fund. Such bids should be
-presented to this company at its offlce, 120
Broadway, in the city of New York, on or
before the 14th day of February, 1905, at 12 j
o'clock noon, and should be Indorsed "Bids ;
lor Surrender of Central Pacific Railway
Company First Refunding Bonds."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
By E. H. HARRIMAN, President.
New York, January 16, 1905.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
THREE AND ONE-HALF PER CENT
MORTGAGE BONDS—Notice Is hereby given j
that, pursuant to the provisions of article !
nine of the mortgage from this company to
the United States Trust Company of New
York, trustee, dated August 1, 1899. this I
company has set apart out of the net income 1
derived by It from the lines of railroad j
thertin mortgaged the sum of twenty-five |
thousand dollars in trust to be used to re- I
deem said bonds and that bonds issued under '
said mortgage will be redeemed therewith.
Bids are hereby invited for the surrender j
ot such bonds, at price? to be named by the I
bidders, to the amount of $26,669 07, in the
sinking fund. Such bids should be presented 1
to this company at its offlce, 120 Broadway,
in the city of New York, on or before the
14 tii day of February, 1905, at 12 o'clock 1
noon, and should be Indorsed "Bids for Sur- !
render of Central Pacific Railway Company 1
Three and One-half Per Cent Bonds."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY,
By E. H. HARRIMAN, President.
New York. January 16. 1905.'
SOUTHERN PACIFIC R AILROAD~COMPA N V
(OF CALIFORNIA) —FIRST CONSOL
IDATED MORTGAGE FIVE PER CENT
GOLD BONDS OF 1893—Notice is hereby
given that the board of directors of this
company has determined to use to redeem
First Consolidated Mortgage Five Per Cent j
Gold Bonds of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company (of California) $20,477 72 now in ;
the sinking fund for the redemption and pay- |
ment of binds of that issue, and that bonds ]
of such Tssue will bo redeemed therewith.
Bids are hereby Invited for the surrender of
such bonds at prices to be named by the I
bidders. Such bids should be deposited with
Andrew K. Van Deventef, assistant treas- ,
urer of the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany, at his office, 120 Broadway. New York ;
City, at cr before 12 o'clock noon, on the ;
14th day of February. 1905. nnd should be
Indorsed, "Bids for Surrender of Southern
Pacific Railroad Company (of California) I
Five Per Cent Bonds."
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY,
By E. H. HARRIMAN, President.
New York, January 16. 1905.
LEGAL NOTICES.
ESSEX County Orphans' Court, State of New
Jersey.—ln the matter of estate of John
Winter.—Order to show cause —ELIZABETH
WESTERMAN, sister, one of the next of <
kin. of JOHN WINTER, late of Newark,
New Jersey, having filed her application in .
writing with the Surrogate ot Essex County, I
New Jersey, alleging therein that said JOHN j
WINTER, being a resident of the State of
New Jersey, has absented himself from said ]
State for seven years successively. That ]
his next of kin and heirs at law are the '
said ELIZABETH WESTERMAN. a sister, j
LENA GEISHEIMER. a sister, and SOPHIA i
STORCK, a sister. And praying for an
order that cause be shown why letters of
administration of said JOHN WINTER'S i
estate should not be granted to said ELIZ
ABETH WESTERMAN. and that letters of
administration of the goods and chattels, '
credits and estate of said JOHN WINTER
be - granted to said ELIZABETH WESTER
MAN. And It appearing that said LENA
GEISHEIMER and SOPHIA STORCK have
renounced all right and claim of ad
ministration of the goods and chattels and
credits of said JOHN WINTER and re
quested that administration be granted to
said ELIZABETH WESTERMAN.
Now. therefore, it is on this twenty-third
day of December, Nineteen Hundred and
Four, ordered that cause be shown, by any
or all persons interested herein, before th*
Surrogate of the County of Essex, at his
offlce in the Courthouse in the city of New
ark, New Jersey, on the twenty-third day
of February, Nineteen Hundred and Five,
at 10 o'clock In the forenoon, or as soon
thereafter as the matter can be heard, why
letters of administration of the goods and
chattels, credits and estate of said JOHN
WINTER should not be granted to the said
ELIZABETH WESTERMAN. And it is
further ordered that said order to show
cause shall be published, within twenty days
hereafter. In the Newark Evening News, a
newspaper printed and published at Newark
In the State of New Jersey, and in the San
Francisco Call, a newspaper printed and pub
lished at S&n Francisco, in the State of
California, for four weeks successively, at
least once In each week.
G. E. RUSSELL. Surrogate
CHARLES T. GLEN, Proctor. 741 Broad
street, Newark. N. J.
BAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Dec. 15, 1904.—T0
whom it may concern: Be it hereby known
' that the co-partnership heretofore existing
between D. J. O'HARA and F. J. MONA
HAN, under the firm name of MONAHAN
O'HARA A CO., Is hereby dissolved. The
said D. J. O'HARA withdrawing from tne
Fald concern and his name discontinued.
DANIEL J. O'HARA. F. J. MONAHAN.
I HAVE disposed of my business at 5 Eighth
St. to PETE PALLES; all outstanding ac
counts must b» presented for payment within
three days. GEORGEOS PAPAMITSIU.
. :-A>.' L ALL, "1 L'LSUAV, JAX LAKY 17, lUOS.
ST FRANCIS' Girls' Directory Orphan Asy
lum hereby gives notice that the following
orphan, half-orphan and abandoned girls
and boys have been admitted to the asylum
from July 1 1904, to January 1. 1905: Mary
Ada Dolan.' 11 years; Louisa Guglleri, 7
years; Irene Guglleri. 5 years; May Condon,
6 years, 6 months; Aloysius Cordon. 4 years,
2 months; Angelina Antonla. 11 years; Refu
gio Antonia. 4 years; Margarita Antonla. 2
years; Paul Martlrell. 6 years, 7 months;
Howard Lehey, 5 years. 6 months; Barbara
Whltelock. 7 years; Julia Whitelock, 5 years;
Emma Serventi, 4 years; Charles Serventi,
11 months; Frances J. Kendri-k. 5 years. 4
months; Gladys Smith, 2 years, 6 months;
May Harrigan, 9 years; Andrew Rlos, 4
years, 2 months; Manuel Tlburtlus Rlos, 2
years. 5 months; George Davis, 6 years, 10
months: Benjamin Davis, s.years, 10 months;
Mabel Sherer. 7 years; Thomas Gorman, 6
years: Bessie Gorman, 4 years; WiUle Gor
man 2 years; Irene Wilson. 6 years: Made
line Wilson. 3 years; Harlca Forno. 7 years;
Jennie Gettenby, 6 years; John Porter, 7
years; Frank Porter. 5 years; Nicholas Por
ter. 3 years; Carrie Cano, 9 years; Nettle
Cano 7 years: Ralph Cano, 5 years; Cath
erine Emilia Wiseby. 9 years; Mary Cooney,
12 years: Theresa Mulvihill. 10 years; Fran
ces Mulvihill. 7 years; Emily Kane. 10 years:
Charlotte Kane. 6 years; Thomas Rodriguez.
4 years: Emllio Rodriguez. 11 months; An
nie Kohl. 7 years; Ada Torras, 9 years;
Joseph Castell. 2 years: Bertha Elchler. 8
years; Hazel Harrison, 11 years; Grace Har
rison, 7 years; Gertrude Harrison, 4 years;
Mary Quatararo. 7 years; Carlo Quatararo,
6 years; Thomasita Corvera. 7 years; Ray
mond Corvera. 4 years; Estefana Ortega. 9
years; Albert Ortega. 7 years; Christina
Cano. 2 years.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society hereby gives notice that it has ad
mitted, into the orphanage from July 1, 1904,
to December 31. 1904. the following named
orphans and half orphans, boys and girla
viz: Marian Newman, aged 7 years and 2
months; Nathan Linileman. 12 years and 11
months, and Charles Lindeman, 11 years and
11 months.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st. has received the
following halt-orphan girl from October 1,
I!KH. to January 1, 1905: Margaret Miller,
aged 3 years 11 months.
* VIA VI.
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for it.
VIAVI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 282.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE—Phoenix Savings, B. A
L. Afasociation —For the six months ending
December 30, 1904, dividends have been de
clared as follows: On Participating Stock at
the r_te of U por cent per annum: on Term
Certificates at the rate of 5 per cent per
annum; on Ordinary Savings Accounts at the
rata of 4'i per cent per annum, free of taxes
and payable on and after January 20. 1906.
The Phoenix has a guarantee capital of
J2CO.COO and a total paid-in capital of $1.
-500,000. Its board of directors are: A. A.
Watkins. president; Charles R. Bishop, vice
president; S. Prentiss Smith, treasurer;
George C. Boardman, director; Gavin Mc-
Nah director; Charles E. Ladd, director.
CLARENCE GRANGE,
Secretary and Managing Director.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE system; 2 schools; 810 Diamond,
521 Franklin. Inquire 521 Franklin, 8 to IX.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Emiie Bessieres. 24, 1735 Twelfth avenue, and
Marie L. Dclcol, 24, 1 C>s7 Nineteenth avenue.
A. Francisco Martinez, 27, 312 Van Ness
aye., and Pearl A. Tilden, 21, 312 Van Ness.
Angelo Leonetti. 28, 329 Broadway, and Nel
lie Anino, 19, 6 Pollard place.
Frank Chaffee. 21. Fosterla, and Maud S.
Washburn. 21. Fosteria.
Fred Wllcott, 24. 411 Devisadero etreet, and
Minnie Morrison. 28. 112 Hyde street.
Henry J. Krill. 25. 127 William etreet, and
Mabel E. Howe. 24. 8 Elgin Park.
Clyde M Lesley 25, 600 Twentieth street,
and "Frances f. Barlow, 18, 600 Twentieth st.
BIRTHS—MARRIAGES—DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notlcea sent by
'mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted 6imply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BORN.
MAGEE—In Oakland, Cal., January 15, 1905.
to the wife of H. E. Magee (nee Champroux)
of Portland, Ore., a daughter.
TUCHLER —In this city, January 7, 1906, ta
the wife of Abe Tuchler, a daughter.
MARRIED.
B^UTZ-VALIANOS—In this city, January 15,
1905 by the Rev. F. M. Larkin. William
M. Bautz and Sophie Valianoe, both of this
city.
GATZERT—REIDT—In this city, January 14,
1905, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Helnrlch
Uatzert and Anna Gertrude Reldt.
WALKER—WEISER—In this city, January 15,
1905, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Jasper
Walker and Margaret Welser.
DIED.
Almada. Manuel A.—63 j Johnston. Mrs. F. H.
Armstrong, E. A.—24 Mahony, Ellen—77
Besbv, Henry J.—6»> Mallon, Agnes Eleanor
Black, Alex. W.—4 Murphy, Aggie—7s
Brvant. Sarah M.—l 7 Nutley, Gregory—s mos
Caldwell. Robert—7o Nyberg, Wm. A.—36
Cameron, Cassandra—B4 j ((entrich, Henry—73
Claussen, John—77 i Paddon. Abel—66
Cummins. Wm T. —52 Reeve, Charlotte— 92
Dalev, Catherine—7o | Riley. Mary—6s
Danlhv, Timothy—72 IRiley. Annie—46
Dovell. Frank B. —37 Ryan, Patrick—72
Ehrmann, John—s2 j-Hecada, Mary E. —26
Farro, Frank E. I Stelllng. Henry—43
Flattery. Margaret—74 Twlgg, Alfred T.—3
George. Alfred—9o | Walton, D. 8.—57
Glennon, William ; Walkington. T. G.—53
Harding,Margaret M.G. Zambelli, H. 8.—43
Hoeckele, Ellen—3B
ALMADA—In Napa. Cal.. January 15, 1905,
Manuel Azevedo Almada. a native of San
George, Azores Islands, aged 63 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
in Napa to-day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.
ARMSTRONG—In this city. January 14. 1905,
Erwin Albert beloved son of Erwin A. and
' harlotte Armstrong, and brother of George
M and W. Jtoss Armstrong, a native of
Lukes Center, Pa., aged 24 years 7 months
end 9 dajß. (Los Angeles papers please
l °CTßemains at the chapel of Charles H.
J. Truman & Co.. 1909 Mission street, be
tween Fifteenth and Sixteenth. Funeral and
Interment at Los Angeles. Cal., from the
chapel of Booth & Boylson.
BESBY —In this city, January 16. 1906. Henry
J. Besby, a native of Ireland, aged 66 years
and 6 months.
BLACK—In this city, January 15. 1906, Alex
ander Willie Black, beloved son of Alexan
der and Annie»Black, and brother of Wln
throp and Byron Black, a native of Dawson,
Alaska, aged 4 years 7 months and 11 days.
BRYANT —In this city, January 15, 1905,
Sarah M. Bryant, a native of San Ftancisso,
aged 17 years 8 month* and 26 days.
CALDWELL—In Oakland, Cal., January 16,
1»05, at his home, 5800 Adeline street, Rob
ert Caldwell, beloved husband of the late
Cornelia Caldwell, and father of Howard W.
and brville B. Caldwell, a native of Penn
sylvania, aged 70 years and 7 months. (Santa
Clara papers pleaee copy.)
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 1:80 o'clock p.
m.. at the chapel of the Odd Fellows' Crema
tory, Point Lobos avenue. San Francisco.
CAMERON—In this city, January 14. 1905,
Cassandra Cameron, beloved mother of Mrs.
C W. Keeney, a native of Ohio, aged 84
years 5 months and 11 days.
CLAUSSEN—In this city, January 16, 1905,
John beloved hueband of the late Johanna
Claussen, and father of Daniel Claussen,
Mrs Mary Boiling and Mrs. Bertha Freu
denberg. a native of Bremen, Germany, aged
77 years and 8 months.
CUMMINS—In this city, January 15. 1905,
William T.. beloved husband of Ida M. Cum
mins, and brother of John T. Cummins and
Mrs Charles H. Hale, a native of Pennsyl
vania aged 52 years.
(CFFriends are respectfully invited to at
tend the funeral to-day (Tuesday), at
10 a m. from his late residence, 427 Bu
chanan street, between Oak and Page. In
termeat Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
DALEY—In this city. January 16, 1905, Cath
erine, beloved wife of Patrick Daley, loving
mother of Mary, Dennis, James and Frank
Daley, Mrs. M. Manning, Mrs. Maggie
Schubert and the late John Daley, and be
loved sister of Mrs. D. Driscoll and Mrs. J.
Conners. a natlvs of County Cork, Ireland,
aged 70 years.
(£7 The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:15 a. m., from her late
residence, 40 Ringgold street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
F. J. Monahan, Manager. Tel. Mission 31
MONAHAN & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL.MERS,
3339-2341 Mission St., near Nineteenth.
San Francisco.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN * CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors and Embalmera
214 Eddy st. Tel. East 86.
\
commencing at 10 a. m. Interment Holy |
Cross Cemetery, by carriage. I
DANIHY—In this city January 14. ISX>S,
Timothy, husband of trie late Julia Danihy,
and father of Thoma= Timothy, Mary and
Daniel Danihy, a native of Camp. County
Kerry, Ireland, aged 72 years. A member or
Laborers' Protective Union No. 8944.
ETTrien-1* and acr.i aintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday) at 9 a. m from the parlors of
McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green. 1171 Mission
street between Seventh and Eighth, thence
to St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for tlie repose
of his soul at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy i
Cross Cemetery.
DOVELL—In this city. January 16. 1905, Frank
Bowman, beloved husband of Elizabeth G v
Dovell and sister of Mrs. Florence Chaplin
of Seattle, a native of New Jersey, aged
37 yeare 5 months and 21 days.
C?" Remains at the chapel of Charles H. J.
Truman & Co., 1909 Mission etreet, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth. ,_
EHRMANN—In this city. January 16. 1900,
John, dearly beloved son of John and the
late Barbara Etirmann. and loving brother of
Mrs. J. Betzold, Mrs. Sophie Schmalholz.,
Mrs.t Charles Nonnenmann Jr. and Mrs. C.
Hunter, a. native of Philadelphia, aged o2
years.
ICThe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday). January 17. at 1 p. m.. from the
residence of his brother-in-law, J. Betzold.
1701 Thirteenth avenue. South San Fran
cisco, under the auspices of South San
Francisco Lodge No. 45. Knights of Pythias.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
FARRO—In this city, January 16, 1905. Frank
E.. beloved son of Bernardine and the late.
Joseph Farro, and brother of M. J. Farro.
Mrs. M. Daviner and the late Francis Farro.
a native of Oakland, Cal.
ICNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at his late residence. 1321 Montgomery street, j
FLATTERY—In this city. January 10. 1905,
Margaret Flattery, sister of Mrs. Mary Rob-
Inson of Stockton a native of the parish of ;
Tuam, County Galway, Ireland, aged 74
years and 1 month.
GEORGE—In this city. January 15. 1905. at
the home of his daughter, Mrs. P. Warner,
469 Hill street, Alfred, beloved husband of
Sarah A. George, and father of Alfred,
Edwin, Fred E. and Clarence E. George. Mrs.
Klorence E. Utterback. Mrs. Belle Kelley,
Mrs. Fay Warner and the late Mrs. Caroline
Wilson, a native of England, aged 90 years
and 5 months.
IVFFrJettds and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), January 17, at 1:30
p. m., at the chapel of Charles H. J. Tru
man & Co.. 1909 Mission street, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
GLENNON—In this city. January 14. 1905.
William, husband of the late Bridget Glen
non. and father of Mrs. Charles Stelnbring
and Mrs. James H. Doyle of Vallejo, Cal.,
a native of Ireland.
CFNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 I
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
HARDlNG—Entered Into rest on January 15,
1905, Margaret M. G., widow of Samuel C.
'Harding, a native of Liverpool, England.
(CFFrlends and Pioneers are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral services on
Wednesday January 18, at 2 p. m., at Grace
Church, corner California and Stockton
streets. Interment private.
HOECKELE—In this city January 15, 1905.
Ellen, beloved wife of Frank Hoeckele, and
mother of Frank Nellie. Emma. Metz. Ger
trude and Caroline Hoeckele and the late
Edward Hoeckele, and sister of John. James,
Patrick. Mary and Edward McGinnls and
Mrs. Benn. a native of Vallejo, Cal.. aged
33 years and 7 months.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m.. from her late resi
dence, 1419Vj Sanchez street, thence to St.
Paul's Church where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MAHONY—In this city. January 15. 1905, at
her residence, 560 Page street, Ellen ' Ma
hony, a native of Mitchelstown, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 77 years.
ICTThe funeral services will take place
Tuesday. January 17. at 9:30 a. m.. at
Sacred Heart Church. Fillmore street. In
terment private. Please omit flowers.
MALLON—In this city. January 14, 1905,
Agnes Eleanor Mallon mcc Devlin), be
loved wife of John M. Mallon, and daughter
of the late James and Catherine Devlin, a
native of San Francisco.
C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral on Tues- j
day, January 17, at 9 a. m., from her late \
residence. 618 Baker street, thence to St. :
Agnee Church, where a requiem high mass
Will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, I
oommenclng at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car from i
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
MURPHY—In this city. January 14. 1905, Ag- '
gie Murphy, a native of Ireland, aged 75
Tsars
NUTLEY—In this city, January 15. 1905, i
Gregory dearly beloved and only son of :
John an< Mary Nutley. and grandson of i
Patrick Manning and William Nutley of ;
Marysvllle. a native of San Francisco, aged
I months and 20 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day .
(Tuesday), at 11 a. m.. from the parents' 1
residence, 308 Dolores street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
NY BERG —In this city. January 16. 1905. Wil
liam A., beloved husband of Augusta Nyberg,
and father of William Nyberg, a native of
Finland aged 36 years.
(ETRemalns at the parlors of McFadden,
Mcßreatty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be
tween Seventh and Eighth.
OENTRICH—In this city, January 15, 1905,
Henry Oentrlch, a native of New York, aged
73 year".
PADDON—In this city, January 17, 1905, Abel,
beloved husband of the late Mary Paddon,
and father of Harry and Nettie Paddon,
Mrs. A. Brownlle and Mrs. S. Worthlngton,
and the late George Paddon, a native of Eng
land, aged 66 years.
ICFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-flrst. Interment Mount Olivet Cem
etery, by electric funeral car from the cor
ner of Eighteenth and Guerrero streets, at
2:30 d. m.
BE EVE —In Oakland, Cal., January 16, 1905.
Charlotte Reeve, beloved mother of Oscar
and Henry Reeve of Gllroy, Mrs. James B.
Woolsey of Berkeley. Benjamin Reeve of
Bakersfleld and Page Reeve of Pasadena, a
native of New York. aged ,«2 years and 10
months. <San Jose papers please copy.)
ICTlnterment at Gllroy on Wednesday,
January 18, on arrival of train leaving San
Francisco at 8 a. m.
RlLEY—Entered Into rest. In this city. Janu
ary 15. 1906, Mary, dearly beloved wife of
John Riley, and devoted mother of Frank
and Philip Riley and Mrs. E. J. Heaney anc-
Mrs. P. Burke, a native of Roscommon,
County Leitrlm. Ireland, aged 65 years.
CFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes
day. January 18, at 8:30 a. m.. from her late
residence. 141 Converse street, off Bry
ant, between Eighth and Ninth, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn re
quiem high mass will be celebrated for ttie
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 a. Tn.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RILEY (Butler)—ln this city, January 15, 1905,
Annie Riley, beloved wife of the late Thomas
Riley, and loving mother of Frederick C,
Louise and Ada Butler, Mrs. A. Eyselee and
Mrs. D. I. Brown, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 46 years.
%y Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 a. m.. from her late
residence, 129*4 Clara street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem ma.»
will be celebrated for the repo»e of her siul,
at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RYAN—In Oakland, January 15. 1906, Patrick,
beloved husband of the late Margaret Ryan,
and father of John Ryan, a native of
County Limerick, Ireland, aged 72 years.
CFFrler.ds and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 a. m., from the parlors of
McGinn" Bros.. 224-226 McAllister street,
thence to Holy Cross Church, where a sol
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of His soul, commencing at 9:30
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SECADA—In this city, January 15, 1905. at
St Mary's Hospital, Mary E., beloved daugh
ter of Catherine and the late Emanuel Se
cada, and sister of Mrs. R. Rasmussen, Jo
seph Secada and the late Catherine Secada,
a native of Irvlngton, Alameda County, Cal.,
aged 26 years and 5 months.
(LTFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 a. m., from her late
residence. Irvlngton, Cal., thence to St. Jo
seph's Church, Mission San Jose, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose ot her soul, commencing at 10:30
a. m. Interment Centervllle Catholic Ceme
tery.
STELLING—In this city, January 15, 1906.
Henry, beloved husband of Anna Stelllng.
father of Fred H. and Henry P. Stelllng,
son of the late Henry and Margarethe Stell
lng, brother of Joachim, Barthold, Peter,
Carsten, John, Heinrlch and Claus Btelllng,
and brother-in-law of Charley Christiansen
and Mr. and Mrs. Peter Stelllng, a native of
Ebersdorf. Germany, aged 43 years 3 months
and 30 days. A member of Germanla Club
and Hannoveraner Vereln. and Old Friends'
Grove No. 139, U. A. O. Druids.
(CFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday) at 12 ax., from his late resi
dence, 404 Francisco street, between Powell
and Mason, thence to Union-square Hall, 42
Post street, where services will be held un
der the auspices of the Germanla Club, com
mencing at 1 p. m. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from Eight
eenth and Guerrero streets.
TWIGG—In Oakland, Cal., January 16, 1905.
Alfred T.. beloved son of Joseph B. and Cath
erine Twlgg, a native of San Francisco, aged
3 years and 28 days.
WALKINGTON—In San Mateo. Cal.. January
16, 1906. Thomas Greer Walkington, beloved
husband of Stella Jewell Walkington, a na
tive of Paterson. New Jersey, aged 53 years.
CFThe funeral services will be held to
morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., at
the chapel at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WALTON—In this city, January 15, 1905,
Davison B. Walton, a native of New York,
aged 57 years.
AsaBELH—In this city, January 14, 1005,
Hector 8.. beloved husband of Louisa Zam
belli, and father of Silvio, Walter. Irene.
Margaret and the late Albert Zambellt. and
son-in-law of Stefano Rovegno, and brother
in-law of Jack and Josie Rovegno and Jen
nie Devegio, a native of Switzerland, aged
43 years 10 months and 13 days.
EFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, January 17, at 1 p. m., at the
Masonic Temple, corner Montgomery and
Pest streets. Interment Italian Cemetery.
CARD OF THANKS.
William E. Fauth and family wish to
thank their many friends and acquaintances
for the deep kindness and sympathy ehown
them during their late bereavement.
IN MEMORIAM.
Died—ln this city, January 13, 1905, Mrs.
Frances 11. Johnston, an estimable lady,
who arrived In California in 1868 from Bos
ton, her native place. She. at that
time, was a widow, her husband having
lo9t his life while serving in a Massachu
setts Regiment during the Civil War. Some
time after her arrival here she met and
married Frances H. Johnston, who was also
a Civil War veteran, and well-known about
the California Market, aa well as in Sacra
mento, where be kept a coffee-house. Of
this marriage a son was born, and here and
in Sacramento he was reared and educated.
He was employed by the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company up to two and a half
years ago, and while in their employ was
twice injured. His injuries undermined his
health, resulting in grave complications,
which caused his death In the latter part
of 1902. His loss was a source of constant
grief to his mother, her health gradually
tailing until the time of her death. They
are now reunited on that beautiful shore
where there will be no more sorrow or part
ing. The body will be Interred In the fam
ily plat In Holy Cross Cemetery' to-day,
January 17. She leaves a host of sorrowing
friends, besides one son. Father Charles F.
Glennon of Summerville, Mass., and two
granddaughters of Placerville, Cal., Misses
Alma and Alice Johnston; but the one who
will miss her the most is her beloved hus
band, an honored member of General George
G. Meade Post, G. A. R.. of this city. He
has the deepest sympathy of hia comrades
and the- members of the Ladles' Relief Corps,
who will officiate at the funeral services.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
•
MONDAY, JANUARY 16.
Gustave and Christena Anderson to Pierre
Derrnan, lot on N line of Army street, 75 E of
Harrison. E 25 by N 100; $10.
Edward D. Swift, to George D and Rose
Smith. lot 12. block E, French & Gllman Tract;
flO.
John and Mary McLaln (Dealey) to Mary E.
Ouderkirk (wife of John), lot 101, gift map a;
(906.
Estate of Thomas J. Duignan (by Mary Pe
terkin, administratrix) to Eugene Ferrari, lot
on E line of Berlin street, 100 N of Wayland.
N 50 by E 120. lots 10 and 13, block 11. Uni
versity Mound; also lot on N line of Wayland
street, 133 W of Girard, W 26 by N 100, lot 0,
block 11, same; $1100.
Elizabeth M. Webster to James Webster, lot
on NE corner of Thirty-fourth street and
SunnKside Addition 1, W 2b by N lot), Sunny-
Elde Addition 1; $5.
James and Mary Cronan to Margaret J. Fa
gan, lot on N corner of Courtland street and
California avenue, NE 80 by NW 25, Cobb
Tract; $10.
Charles Bone to Mary E. Callahan, lot on
NE corner of Geary and Jones street, E 24
by N SO (recorded January 14, 1905); $10.
City and County of San Francisco to George
and Mary K. Wallls lot on S line of Sutter
street. 171 E of Fillmore, E 26 by S 137:6;
* •
Edward Brown to Isabelle R. Brown, lot on
W line of Cook street. 500 N of Point Lobos
avenue. W 120 by N 25; gift.
Orlof N. Orlow to United Crafts and Arts of
California, lot on W line of Presidio avenue,
52:;; Vi N of Washington street N 75:4%, W
120. S 87:8*4, E 40:4, S 30:l\<a E 26, S 7:7,
E 53 :S; $10.
William B. Huff to Annie E. Huff, lot on
W line of Spruce street, 52:8% S of Jackson,
S 25 by W 95:3; $10.
Augusta K. Gibbs to I sad ore Levy, lot on
S line of Sixteenth street. 65 W of Capp, W
25 by S 95:2%; $10.
Isadore and Den a Levy to Leopold Marks,
same; $10.
Edward Qulnn to Helen G. Qulnn, lot on
W line of Noe street, 120 S of Seventeenth,
S 25 by W 125; gift.
Ida B. Cameron to Jeremiah lot en
E line of Howard street, 349:6 S of Twenty
second. S 30:6 by E 122:6; $10.
Martin A. and Josephine M. Maher to George
R. Davoren, lot on S line of Elizabeth street,
118:9 2-3 E of Noe, E 30:4 2-3 by S 114; $1.
George R. Davoren to Martin A. and Jo
sephine M. Maher, same; $10.
S. F. Jr. and Jennie E. Booth to Thomas
and Mary E. Lynch, lot on W line of Sanchez
street. 26:(i S of Twenty-third S 25 by W
100; $10.
Timothy Danihy to Mary A., Thomas Tim
othy Jr. and Daniel Danlhy, lot on S line of
Minna street, 300 E of Sixth, E 27 by S 75;
gift.
United States Shipbuilding Company et al.
to George R. Sheldon, lot on SE corner of
Illinois and Eighteenth streets. E 200 by S
also lot on SE comer of Illinois and Nine
teenth streets. E 200 by S 400; also lot on SE
corner of Michigan and Nineteenth streets E
200 by S 400; also lot on SE corner of Eight
eenth and Michigan streets. E 200 by S 400;
also lot on SE corner of Georgia and Eight
eenth streets, E 200 by S 400; also lot on SE
corner of Nineteenth and Georgia streets E
200 by 8 400; also lot on SE corner of Louisi
ana and Nineteenth streets. E 200 by 8 400;
also lot on SE corner of Louisiana and Eight
eenth streets. E 2CO by S 400; also lot on SE
corner of Eighteenth and Maryland streets, E
200 by S 400; also lot on SE corner of Twen
tieth and Michigan streets. E 200 by S 400;
also lot on SE corner of Georgia and Twen
tieth streets. E 200. S 131:8, W S tt%
degrees, W S 27:7. W 52. N 400; also
lot on W line of Georgia street 220 N of
Twenty-second. W 100 N 5:6%," W 100. N
173;6%, E 200. S 180; also machinery plant
and all property of first parties; also property
in Eastern States (cons. Union Iron Works
property, $1,400,000); $— —.
Mercantile Trust Company. New York Se
curity and Trust Company and United States
Shipbuilding Company (by James Smith Jr..
receiver) to same, same; $ .
Antonla M. M. and William F. Feillnr and
Louis A. C. Frahm to C. E. A. Crelghton, lot
on E line of Seventh avenue, 108:5% N of
California street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
C. E. A. Crelghton to William F. and An
tonla M. M. Feiling same; $1030.
Willis E. and Klise K. Davis to Eugenia I.
Cole, lot on W line of Eighteenth avenue, 100
S of Lake street, S 100 by W 120; $10.
Theodore H. Kellogg to Anna V. Saul, lot
on S line of Clement street, 57:6 E of Third
avenue. E 25 by S 100; $10. «
Anna V. Saul to John Faubel, same; $10.
Mary L. Craig to J. W. Wright & Sons' In
vestment Company, lot on E line of Fortieth
avenue, 287:6 S of Point Lobos avenue, S
:<7:i; by E 120; $10.
Hettie Hyde (wife) to Fred C. Hyde, lot on
E line of Forty-sixth avenue, 275 S of B
street, S 25 by E 120; also lot on W line of
Thirty-second avenue 225 S of I street, S 25
by W 120; $10. .
Fred C Hyde to Olive M. Hyde, same; $10.
Mary M. Callundan and Elizabeth C. Rich
ardson to Gertrude I. Callundan, lot on E line
of Fifteenth avenue, 100 N of I street, N 50
by E 127:6; gift.
Gertrude I. Ltchtenstein (formerly Callun
dan) to Joseph C. Bates, same; $10.
< *,eorge F. Lyon to John and Margaret Bow
en, lot on E line of Tenth avenue, 275 N of
X street, N 25 by E 120; $700.
George C. and Etta H. Edwards to John P.
B'anton, lot on SE corner of Eleventh avenue
and O street, E 57:6 by 8 100; $10.
Bernhard and Rose Getz to Martha B.
Brown, lot on E line of Forty-etghth avenue,
100 N of P street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
Estate of Fannie P. Farnsworth (hy Ijotta
P. Farnsworth, executrix) to Annie N. Unger.
lots 16 and 17, block G. Sunset Heights: $800
Lotta P. Farnsworth to same, same: $800.
Estate of Fannie P. Farnsworth (by Lotta
P. Farnsworth. executrix) to Matthew Unger,
lot 15. block G, same: $400.
Tyitta P. Farnsworth to same, same; $400.
Frederick R. and Alma E. Drinkhouse to
Herman F. and Lizzie Gleberg, lot 16, block
161, South San Frsnclsco Homestead and Rail
road Association; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. J. Sengstack (owner) with William
Koenlg (contractor and architect) —All work
except plumbing, painting, shades, tiling, par
lor mantels, gas fixtures and finish hardware
for a three-story frame building on W line of
Tremont avenue. 197:6 S of Waller street, S
22:6 by W 80; $3855.
Miss M. I. Parkinson (owner) with same
contractor and architect —Same for same on
W line of Tremont avenue, 175 S of Waller
street. 8 22:6 by W 80; $3855.
Jamts H. Fogarty (owner) with Cuneo
Brothers (contractors), architect John Cuneo—
All work for a one-story frame building on
N line of Twenty-seventh street, 135 E of
Dolores. E 26 by 114; $1500.
Alma C. McWllllams (owner) with Felix
Marcuse (contractor). architect —All work
for a two-story frame dwelling house on S line
of Lake street. 32:6 W T of Twentieth avenue,
W 48 by 8 104; $4920.^
Law Firm Loses Fee.
The Supreme Court decided yester
day that the State Board of Examin
ers need not allow the claim of the
law firm of Sullivan & Sullivan for
$5000 as Day for services rendered to
the late Patrick Reddy in his capacity
of receiver for the American Sugar
Refinery Company. The corporation
was dissolved in the course of a suit
instituted by the State and Reddy was
appointed receiver. He engaged the
law firm on his own account and ap
proved its claim of $5000, but the
Board of Examiners refused to pass
the bill. The case has been in the
courts for more than ten years.
AIM TO BETTER
THE CONDITIONS
Initial Meeting of the Cali
fornia Livestock Sani
tary Association Is Held
WANTS A BILL PASSED
a
AVill Ask the Legislature
to Establish the Position
of a County Inspector
The first meeting of the California
Livestock Association was held at the
Palace Hotel yesterday afternoon. The
object of the association is to work
for livestock sanitary interests of the
different counties as well as of the
State at large. Only county, city.
Federal and State veterinarians en
gaged officially in livestock sanitary
work are eligible to membership.
Many attended the first meeting and
were enrolled. Several State veterin
arians who are not officially engaged
were present and showed keen inter
est in the proceedings. Dr. C. L. Me
gowan was appointed president and
Dr. Charles Keane secretary.
After a short opening address by
the secretary Drs. Archibald, Baker
and Sawyer were appointed a com
mittee to draft rules and by-laws for
the association. The committee later
submitted its draft, which was adopt
ed. It was decided to hold an annual
meeting in December. A resolution
was adopted to appoint an executive
committee of five, including the pres
ident and Drs. Baker,
Archibald and Sawyer were appointed
as other members of the committee.
Dr. Keane presented an amendment
to the county government act, which
will be submitted to the Legislature,
giving the Board of Supervisors of a
city or county the power to create an
office of livestock sanitary inspector.
The salary and necessity of this of
flce is to be left to the discretion of
the Supervisors of such county. The
amendment was adopted and it will be
forwarded to Senator Lynch, who will
introduce the bill.
Papers entitled "Glanders" and
"Tuberculosis" were read by Dr. T.
Carpenter and Dr. George Baker re
spectively. These dealt with matters
of interest to the profession and were
thoroughly discussed.
Many of the memßers were in fa
vor of framing a bill to present to the
Legislaure whereby the State would
compensate any stock raiser or indi
vidual whose animal was destroyed
because of glanders. The association
believed that it was one means by
which the feared disease could be
eradicated.
The following members were pres
ent:
Dr. C. L. Merowan, City Veterinarian at
Sacramento; Dr. :•'. M. Sawyer, County Veteri
narian; Dr. A. 8. Williams, Sutter County Vet
erinarian; Dr. M. J. Broday, San FVanclsco;
Dr. F. E. Twinning, Merced County Veterina
rian; T. Carpenter. Alameda County Veteri
narian; M. J. Murray, Mann County Veteri
narian; Dr. S. C. Hoffman of Napa, Dr. R. A.
Archibald; Dr. J. Summers, San Benito Coun
ty Veterinarian; Dr. George Baker, official
veterinarian stationed at San Francisco; Dr.
C. M. Herring, veterinarian of the Agricultural
Department; Dr. H. M. Hunter, Tulare County
Veterinarian; l>r. A. J. Sorensen, Stanislaus
County Veterinarian, and Dr. George Faulkner
of Monterey.
SHIPBUILDING TRUST NOW
OWNS UNION IRON WORKS
Deeds of Transfer Signing the Prop
erty Over Are Filed in the
Recorder's OfHcp.
Papers transferring the property of
the Union Iron Works to the United
States Shipbuilding Company, other
wise the "Shipbuilding Trust," were
formally filed yesterday in the offlce
of the Recorder. Two deeds of trans
fer were made out, giving the prop
erty over to George R. Sheldon, act
ing for the trust. The consideration
in the first deed is $1,400,000, but no
price is mentioned in the second docu
ment. The release is signed by James
Smith Jrf, special master, who was
appointed receiver of the property of
the shipbuilding trust when it went
into insolvency some months ago.
AN ESCHSCHOLTZIA ANNI VERS APFf. —
The Eschscholtzla Club of this city celebrated
the sixth anniversary of Its organization by
partaking of a dinner last Saturday night.
Seventy-five of the one hundred members were
present and after discussing an excellent sup
per there was an enjoyable hour of music,
song and speeches. The affair was managed
by a committee composed of G. C. Heinz, J.
M Rutto. H. R. Babb, L. H. Enemark and A.
H. Terrill.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
3 DAYSI
I LEAVES DAILY AT9:3OA M I
M WITH OIN£RSANDBLeCPERsJ
Other Santa W Trains i
7:30 a m."I
9:30 a. m.\ For Stockton, Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p. m.J Merced. Hanford and Vlealla.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offlces—64l Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway. Oak
land. Cal.; also 27 South Ist. San Joaa.
HRLfWIi To SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
OTOrag CAZADERO, Etc
BbSsWHßss' Via Sauaalito Parry
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally, at 17:05,
7:48 8:25. 9:10 9:50, 11:00 a m.; 12:20 1:45.
8.15! 4:35. 6:15. .5:50. 6:30, 7:15. 10:15 and
11:35 P. m.
Arrive at San Francisco dally, at 16:40,
7:35, 8:15. 8:50, 9:85. 10:50 a. m.; 12:10. 1:80,
2:56! 4:25. 5:06. 5:42. 6:22. 6:57. 7:40 and 11 ?a£
P 'tDally except Sunday. ,
For Fairfax dally, at 7:46 a. m.; also Satur
days at 3:15 p. m.. and dally except Saturday
and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a m. dally—Caaadero and way statlona
3:15 p. m., Saturdays only—For Caxaderoj
etc.
5:15 p. m. daUy. except Saturday and Sun
day, for Tomales. etc.
TICKET OFFICE—6SO Market st.
FERRY —Union Depot, foot of Market st.
■VIT. Tamalpais Railway
Lv. Saa rrucitco tr. Saa Frtncitce
> 8:25 a RS l:30p »10:50 a
9:50 a Wm 2:55p »:55r
i:4sp l:4S»j 6:23p
btaAp *:3»r Siiardars llttSp
»Via OraTitj flxr T MtTimlstU) WMiUT«lls|
'EZSL i 660 MAa»arrST.,( North Shore Railroad)
«nOH j and Sausauto Fbuy, Foot Market 81
RALL^AY^TRAVEL.
Train* and are dM
/^^ r tosrrlvsat
FRANCISCO.
I. £ y• I From Jasuary 15. 1908.
Fassv Depot
\J/ (Foot of Msrket Street)
lkath - MAtfIJJjNE- ~ ARR!T »"
7.00 a Vacavllle. Wluiera Kunuey / 50*
7 00a Benlcla Elmiraand Sacramento . 7 20P
7.SOA Vallejo. Napa Callstoga. Sent*.
Roaa. Martinez, San Ramon 6 20*
7 30a Nile*. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton.... 7-20*
8 00A Shasta Express— (Via DavU).
Willlamt, Willow*. tFroto. Bed
Bluff. Portland. Tacoma, Seattle 7.60*
8 COA Davis. Woodland, Knights Landing.
Mary»vi;:e. oroville J<mw
8 30a Martinez, Antioch. Byron. Tracy.
Stockton, Newman, Los Bano*.
Mendota Arutona, Hanford.
Visalia Portervllle •• «.OTr
8 30a Port Costa Mode*to. Merced,
Fresno, Goshen Junction, Ban
ford, Visalia, Bakersneld ... ... ■■00*
8 30a Nile*. San Jose. Llvermore. Stock
ton. (tMlltoiD. lone. Sacramento,
Maryevllle. Chlco. Ucd Iliuff .... 4.ZO*
8 30a Oskdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So
nora. Tuolumne sort Angels ..... J»*{£
8 00a Atlantic Kxpress-Ogden and East. 5 VU*
8 30a Blchmond, Martinez and Way
Stations •••• * 80 *
10 00a The Overland Limited — Ogden.
Omaha, Chicago. Bern er. Kansas
10 90a Vail ejo"■ b - ■ »*
10 00a Los Angeles Pasaenger — Port
Costa Martinez. Byron. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Goshen Junc
tion, Hanford. Lemoore. Visalia
Bakersfleld. Lo* Angeles .....
10.00 a EI Paso. Kansas City. St. Louis
f and Chicago • •••• 4 iXZ
12.00 m Hayward. Niles and Way Station*. 3 ZUJ
tl .OOP Sacramento River Steamera TII.UU*
3 30P Benlcla, Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland. Knight* Landing,
Maryavllle and Oroville 10 an*
5 SOp Hayward.Niles and Way Stations.. 7BU*
3 .30p Port Costa, Martinez, Byroa.Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Modesto,
Merced, Berenda and Fresno... 12-ZO*
400P Martlnez,SaulUiuoti,Vallejo>Napa
Callitogs. Santa Rosa ..jTsn
4 00p Nllea Tracy. Stockton '2 »«
4 30p Hayward. Nllea, Irvlngton, Seal tf.BOa
Jose, Llvermore I 111.60*
BOOpThe Owl Limited—Newman. Loa
Banos, Mendota Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfleld, Loa Angeles 8-60*
500P Golden State Limited — El Paso,
Kansas City, St. Loult and
Chicago SK
16 30p Harward. Niles and San Joss 7 20a
• 00 p Hayward. Niles and ban . 1 use. 9BOA
6. 00p Easters Express—Omaha. Chicago.
Denver. Kansas City, St. Louis,
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento.
Colfax. Reno. Sparka, Montello,
Ogden 12.60*
B.oop Vallejo. dally, except Sunday..... j en.
7 00p Vallejo, Sunday only I
7.00P Richmond. Saa Pablo, Port Costa
. Martlaei and Way Stations 11 20*
' 7 OOp Reno Passenger—Port Costa, Be
nlcla Sutsun. Elmlra, Dixon,
Davis, Sacramento. Sparks. Tono
pah, Goldfield and Keeier. 7-50*
• OBp Oregon & California Expreta—Sao
ramento, Marysrllle, Redding,
Portland, Puget Sound and East. B.BOA
B.lop Hayward, Nile* aud San Jose (Sua
t dayonly) 1150 a
COAST LINE (Harrow Gauge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
B.lBa Newark. vJentervillc. San Joee,
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Station* » 56*
t2-16P Newark. Centervllle. San Joaa _
New Almaden.Los Gato*,Felton,
Bonlder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Statlona t rr
4.16P Newark, Ssd Jose, Los Gatos... <j :1 t g 55 J
■t 3QP Hunters' Train (Saturday only)--^
San Jose and AVay Stations t7-25*
COAST LINE (HroaU «.a»ge).
fO~ (Third aud Townscnd Street*.)
6-lOa S«.n Jose and Way Station* 6 30*
7 00a San Jose and Way Station* . 6 40*
8 00a New Almaden (Tues., Frld.. only). 4-101*
8 00A The Coaster—San Joee. Salinas,
Sin Ardo, Paso Robles. Santa
Margarita. San Lul* Obispo,
Guadalupe, ftavlota, Santa Bar
bara. San Buenaveiitura.Oxnard,
Burbank. Los Angelci< 10-30*
8 00a Gllroy, Hollister. Castrovlllc. Del
Monte, Pacific GroTe,"*Surf. Loin
poc 10 30*
9.00 a Ban Joie. Tree Plnos.Watsonville,
Capitols. Santa Cruz, Pacific
Grove. Salinas. San Luis Obis.o
and Principal Wry Btntlon». ... 4.10*
10.30 a 6an Jose and Way Stations 1 20*
11 SOASan Jose and Way Stations 7.SOp
2 IBp San Jose and Way Stations 8 36a
3.00P Del Monte Kxpress—Santa Clara
San ,lo*e. Wat son vl 11 c. Santa
Cruz. Pel Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grove 1215*
13-OOp Los Gatos. Wright, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge 10 45a
Z-30P Valencia St.. South San Francisco,
Burllngaine. San Jose, Gllroy,
Hollister, Tres Plnos 10 45a
4-30p Ban Jose and Way Stations. tSOO*
to-OOP Santa Clara. tfaa Jose. Lo* (iatos,
and principal Way Stations *9 00a
15 30p baSJoseand Principal Way stations {9.40 a
6 46p Bunset Express.—Redwood. Saa
Jo*e,Gtlroy.Sallnas.Vaao Koblea
Sen Luis Obispo. Santa Barbara
Los Angeles, Iteming. El Paso,
New Orleans 9 10*
6.46pE1 Paso. Kansas Olty. St. Loult,
Chicago 1030*
B.4BpP«Jaro. Watsonville. Cai-ltols.
Santa Cruz. Csstrovllle, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove 10.30*
18-IBp Ban Mateo,Beresford.Belmont,Saa
Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto 16.48 a
6 30p San Jose and Way Stations 6 36*
8 00p Palo Alto and Way Station* 10.15*
II .30p South San Francisco. Mill brae. Bur
llngame, San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto t9 46*
sll3op May field. Mountain View, Sunny
vale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and -
San Joae 18.48*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
rFoot of Market St.)
• 7.15 a.m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
1.00 p.m. 3 00 p.m. 5.18 p.m.
A for Morning. P for After noon. "
1 Sunday excepted 1 Suaday only.
« Saturday only. b Mpnday only.
Sbiops st all stations oa Sunday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAM FRANCISCO TO BAM RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS—7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays—Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:80 p. m.
SUNDAYS—B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a m.; 1:30, 8:884
6:00, 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
BAM RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS —6:05. 7:35. 7:60. 9:20. U:l«
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
Saturdaya—Extra trip at 2:06 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS—B:OO. 9:40. 11:15 a m.; 1:40, 3:40,
4:05, 5:06. 6:25 p. m.
Leave | In Effect J Arrive
San Fran. | Oct. 2. 1904. f San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- «, I Sun- J Week
Days. I days. 1 tlon. | daya [ Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 19:10 a 8:40 a
0:30 a Ignacla, 110:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 3:30 p I 0:05 p 6:20 P
5:10 p 6:00 p | 7:85 p
"7730 a »:W>"a 8;40 a
8:00 a Novate. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 8:30 p and 7:35 p
6:00 p Santa Rosa
7:80 a 10:40 a|10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
8:80 p 8:30 p \
Windsor,
7:80 a 8:00 a Healdsburs;, 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
8:80 p 8:80 p Geyserville, 7:85 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale-
7:80 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a! 10:20 a
3:30 p| 8:30 p| and Uklah. I 7:35 pj 8:20 p
J » j Wllllts and j
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Sherwood. | 7:35 p| 0:20 p
- 7:3oaj 8:00 a| 110:40 ajl0:20 a
8:30 p[ 3:30 p| Guernevllle. ( 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 at Sonoma I 9:10 «! 8:40 a
6:10 p| 6:00 p| Glen Ellen. |6:06p) 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al I 110:40 ajl0:20 a
8:30 pj 3:30 p| Bebaatopol. | 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Spring*. Highland Springs, Keleeyvllle, Carls
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
snrlnas and Lake County Hot Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Bine Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs
Upper Laki. Porno. Potar Vailey, John D./!'
Riverside. Lterly's Bucknell's. Sanhedrin'
Heights. Hullvllle. Orr-e Hot Springs, Halfway
House Comptche, Hopkins, Mendocino city
Kor t Bragg. Westport snd Usal; at WilHts for
Fort Bragg. Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Cahto. Lsytonvtlie,; Cummlng*.
Bell's Springs. Harria. Hubbard. Fruitland.
Dyer, Garbcrvtlle.. Camp 5, Pepperwood. Scott*
snd Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tlcketa at rs.
duced rates
On Sunday—Round-trip tickets to all polnte
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlce. 650 Market atreet. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRA7.IEU. R. x. RYAN
Gen Manager. Gen Pass. Agt.
i§Dr. Oibbott's Dispensary,
HEABNY ST. Established
In ia.l4 for the ireatmcnt of Private
Maeaesa, lrf»U Manlsuud, Dehllltvor
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin l>iae««es The lH>ctor cures when
others fall. Try htm. Charges low.
< nre>tnarantee4. Caiioi wtUe.
lIBBON. Ban Fmvrisco, CalCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
New York Stocks active again and irregular. . Catton higher.
Sugar Stocks still advancing on the local exchange.
New York Exchange firmer. Sterling steady. Silver unchanged.
Wheat firm at an advance. Barley steady and uncltanged.
Oats, Corn and Rye as before quoted.
Bran weaker under large arrivals. Hay steady.
More firmness in Butter, but Eggs stitl weakening.
Potatoes and Onions in large receipt, but firm>
Poultry and Game in good demand and steady.
Orange market dull. Apples coming in heavily.
Banking Matters.
"The Italian-American Bank will probably
"be admitted to membership in the San Fran
.deco C.earlng-house to-day. It» check* are
bow being cleared by the Bank of California
instead of the Nevada National Bank, as
heretofore.
• Of the 25 per cent of the Government money
en deposit in the national banks, called for by
the Secretary of the Treasury, 10 per cent was
due and payable yesterday. The remaining 15
per cent must be paid not later than March 15.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
"NEW YORK, Jan. 16.—Close: Money on
call was steady at 2#C% per cent; closing bid,
2 per cent; offered, 2% per cent.
.' Time loans were very easy with sixty days
;at 2*4 per cent, ninety days at 3 per cent and
six mouths at 3@>3% per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 4i}l% per cent.
• Sterling exchange was strong, closing easier,
with actual business in 1 ankers' bills at $4.87ti0
#4.8765 for demand and at $4.5520@4.8530 for
afxty-day bills.
Posted rates. $4 85% #4 86 and $4 SS'tp
4 SB%.
Commercial bills $4 85%.
. Bar silver, 60 ' 4 c.
Mexloan dollars, 47% c.
Bonds, Governments, firm; railroads, firm.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 16 —Transactions on the
Stock Exchange rose above the million share
mark again to-day and with the Increased
animation there was a considerable showing of
•trehgth. The conspicuous movement in Union
Pacific exercised a sympathetic influence on
the whole market. But during the course of
the' day, when the movement la that stock
'showed signs of having run itself out, the
tone of the rest of the market also gave evi
dence of hesitation and difficulty in resisting
the reaction. After its five points rise of last
week and with its advance t«-day through the
figure which had been i>olnted to In the cur
rept speculative gossip as the objective of the
movement. Union Pacific naturally came In
for KHO* heavy speculative profit taking. The
•Accumulation of orders over Sunday, which
had been attracted by the buoyant movement
of Friday and Saturday, helped to carry the
Stocks up through the offerings to realize to a
high record for the movement of 120%. An
additional 3 point jump in Northern Securities
ion 'the curb kept up the parallel between the
.two stocks upon which the movement has
'hinged throughout. The sympathetic response
In- Southern Pacific and St. Paul was only
moderate and In the railroad list at large was
even less notable. Among the industrials and
Specialties, however, there were various points
of effective supplementary strength. Amalga
mated Copper was especially active and strong
Under the influence of the near approach of
the ;ierlod when the dividend Is usually acted
upon. United States Steel preferred was ef
fectively bought, although Its advance was
somewhat belaud, and the current gossip re
garding the showing of earnings for the De
cember quarter was more hopeful than last
wnek. The subsidiary steel companies and
railroad equipment companies, as well as the
•leotrica! and smelting companies, showed the
general effect of the metal trade conditions.
Tl)p money market was very easy In all de
partments and for call loans was practically
glutted as the result of the heavy Inflow of
oerroncy from the interior tast week. The
day's hwslntss was not only largely congested
In a few prominent stocks, but came from
concent rated sources less than half a dozen
Jarec- heoges being credited with deallnes any
where up to Sft.QDO shares apiece. The pres
sure against .the market gained force, with the
result that the Pacifies and St. Paul closed
at. net losses, while- th» earlier gains were
much reduced throughout. The closing was
easy
Bond* wpre Arm. Total sales, par value.
-96.705.009.
Un!t«d States new 4s sdvsneed % per cent
oft call.
New York Stock List.
E. F. Hutton & Co., 4UO Calltorula street,
Can Franclscc, members of tile New York
Stock .Exchange, furnish the following official
quotations of that Exchange:
Sales., STOCKS. .High,Low., Bid., Ask.
Adams Express., ( 2»0 215
SO.loO.Aroalg Copper ..j 77%, 75 | 70%, 7«%
Am Can Co | i li%j 11%
l Do pld | | 64 i «4v*
.1,100 Am (Jar ft Fy Coj 34%, 33%, 33% i 33%
2W; . Do pfd , 93',,, 93 , 03 | 93%
Am Cotton Oil.. i , 34% 354
LSOOJAm Or Twine Co 13 , 12% | 12%] 13
"2 ,5w Am Hide & L. . 11 ; ll>%; K*%; io%
3.1UU, Do ptd ; 6«44| 4l*'»t' 49%i 50
. 300, American Ice ...j ti% t 0%| tt%| 6%
.j Do pfd l i [ 36 | 38
lira Linked ....j j 16%] 17
i Do pfd I | • 37%,' 3»%
2.600 Am Locomotive. 354 35%' 35% 35 t
1.000, Do pfd ;105% Ka* il05%jl05%
l.lU»|Am ilalt i K%| 8%: a i 8%
8001 Do tfd 27% 26% 26%,' 27
12,300 Am tim <& Rf Co: 83 | 82%' 82% 82 \
l.lOOj Do pfd |112% 112 Lt*%
5,600,Am Sugar [143* 142% 142% 142%
22.700: Do pfd 130 ,138 138 !l39
iAm Tel *i T Co., j |145- ,147
300 Am Woolen ....j 225,; 22% 22%: 22%
i Do pfd I ! j 94 95
2,300| Anaconda (112%.Ill %i 111%.'111%
lAnn Arbor pfd..| I 62 63
6,800iA T & S F i 88%, 88 j 88 i 86%
800; Do pfd 101% 101 ,100%: 101%
1LSO0 Bait & Ohio 103% iitsw, 102' 2 102%
60<>i Do ptd 97 | 9B%i 96 ' 96%
26.50O,B R T...... i 03%! 62%'; 63% 03%
IBTook Cn Gas j ;202 '210
iCanada Southern: j 60%! 70
10.7O0|Canadlan Pacific 134% 133% 133% 1134
4.6004C ft O J 48%. 48%I 48%; 48%
•• 300 C ft A I 42% i 41% 42 4*A
Do PM 1 80 83
15.30O|C ft G W 23%! 23% 23% 28%
! Do pfd A 67 70
.' L Do pfd B I j 35 83%
, { Do debs ! \ 85 87
2.4O0IC ft N W j209 !207% 208 !20O
128.100 C M ft St P 175%;178%
26,300 C R I ft P (new) 3714,! 36% i 3A%' 3«H
• 100 Do pfd 83%! 83%! 83 "i 83%
, Do 4s I I 82 I 82%
406»Chlcag« Term .. 10% I 10 ! 10 ' 10%
800! Do pfd I 20% [ 20%! 25%! 25%
l,200!Chlcago Un Traci 12% 11%) 11*41 12
2,44**0' Do pfd 49 ,46 48 49
. 200,'C C C ft St L.. 01% 91% 90 91
'.. Do pfd 115 !i20
icieve Lor ft W "70 ! 80
Do pfd jlOO |107
8,300IColo Fuel ft Iron! 48% 47%! 47%! 48%
..• Do pfd j 89 86
TOOlColum H C ft I. 16% 16% 16 I 16%
400iColorado So 22% 22%! 22%] 23
;.'.....! Do 1st pfd I 61 ! «2
Do 2d pfd f 36 I 37
eiOOOfConsol Gas .... 108% 197% I
.......(CWJ Tob pfd 1 129 130
1,600'Corn Products .. 20 f 19% 19%) 20
. 300l Do pfd ! 77 I 7*"i%| 76%) 7C%
. l.OOOiDel ft Hudson.. 1183%!183 iWH» M
4;600lD ft R G 1 1 1 S2 I 83
........ Do pfd .../.. 80% 86%, viV, 80%
iDetrolt Un Ry 77 %1 78
500!Detrolt So 6% 0% 6%! 7
1,800' Do pfd 35% 35% 85 t 86
S.OOOiDIstll Secur 88 37% 37%! 38%
STOCKS.
'23%
X.400 uo pia
. 200'C C C ft St L. .
Do pfd
ICleve Lot ft W.
I Do pfd
8,800!Colo Fuel ft Iron
• assi
:::::
i
,.• 1 Do pfd
TOO'Colum H C ft I.
400! Colorado So
i do iat prd ...
Do 2d pfd
6,000'Ccnsol Gas
I »Tv-.K :tA
•••••••
.......ICoa Tob pfd ..
1,800'[Corn Products ..!
. 300l Do pfd I
. 1,900! Del ft Hudson..!
4;600lD ft R G I
........I Do pfd .../..
iDetrolt Un Ry
BOOIDetroit So
1,800: Do pfd
S.OOOIDtstU Secur ....
6.000]Duluth SS ft A
.1.8001 Do pfd
43,TOO'Erie
5.S0O' Do 1st prd ...
2,300! Do 2d pfd
E A T H
I Do pfd
S.TOOjGen Electric ...
IGreat No pfd ...
1.200:Green Cons Cop.
lHavana Tob Co..
...•....) Do pfd
. 200!Hocklng Val
10ft' Do pfd
0,400!Iiiir.olR Central
lQ0!lnter Paper
600 Do pfd
Inter Pump pfd.
Iowa Central ..
/.. Do pfd
700 Kans City So ..
2.200 Do pfd
[Keokuk & Dss M
— Laelede Gas pfd..
...... Lake E ft Wert..
Do pfd
......ILoag Island ...
27 |
14
! 28%
! *o
I
......
Wert..
id ... I
ash...!
1 <i
7iT " 7«:
iu«. .
an ft St L...
)o 1st pfd
St P ft S S M
>o pfd
», Kan ft Tea.
o,*w uo pia o***r; to«4 oitb
23,000! Missouri Pacific. 108% 1106% 167%
'Nash, C & St L 140
400 ; Ntl Lead pfd... 98%: 08
12,000:Ntl RR Mex pfd 45 44 44 j
700 National Biscuit. 65% | 65% 55%
I Do pfd 1 115
100 New Jersey Cen. 191%|191%jl91
N T Air Brake 153
34,100 New York Cen. .,144%! 143% 143%
N Y, C 4 9t L.| 42
Do 1st pfd 1 1 110
I Do 2d pfd..... 76
'New York Dock. 18%
4,40OiN Y, Ont & W.t 42 | 41% 41%
2,500 Norfolk 38 west.! 80 79%, 79
I Do pfd I j 92
1 North American.! 1100
Omaha 151
Do pfd 186
O S L 4s 104%
jPaciflc Coast I 78
! Do 1st pfd I 100
i Do 2d pfd 1 1 84
600 Pacific Mall 45% I 45 45%
4S.s0(>;Penn R R Co.. . 138%il37% 137%
S.ltXVPeople's Gas 108%|107%!107%
50v!P, C, C ft St L. | 77 : 76% 76%
I Do pfd I ) 163
400 Pressed Steel Cari 39% 38 88
1.200' Do pfd 90 i 89%! 89%
IPullman Car Co.! J |244
1,100, Ry Steel Springs 83% 83% 33%
5001 Do pfd 94 93%| 93%
107.600; Reading 81% 80% SIX
400! Do 1st pfd 92 91% 91*.
300' Do 2d pfd 84% 84 1 84%
2.900 Republic S & I.. 17 16%! 16%j
500! Do pfd 70%I 70 I 70%
2,30O ! Rubber Goods... 27% 27%! 27%
! Do pfd 1 1 95%
700;Sloss S B ft I Co «2%l 82 62%
.'..] Do pfd ! I ]100%
St J ft G I I j 13
I Do 1st pfd 52
I Do 2d pfd ! I 25
UtO'StL * SF 1st pfd 7» j 79 78
9001 Do 2d pfd ... 71% 71 70%
1.500 St L ft S W ... 86% 25% 25%
2.T00 IV. pfd 6S% 67t 4 67',
i;'.n,5(10 Southern Pac ..1 68%: 67%! 67V 4
Do pfd '.• 1116%
15,460 Southern Ry ... 35% 84% 34%
SOOl Do Pfd 90%! 06%' 96%'
Standard Oil I '639
'Standard R ft T I j 2%
1,500'fenn Coal ft I. 72% 71% 71%
:Texas P L T Co! ' : MO
2.600Texas Pacific ... 35%j 35 35
loo Toledo St L & W 36 ; 35%; 35%
200; Do pfd 54 ; 53% 53
300 Twin Citv R T. 106% 106i 4 106
260,200 Union Pacific .. 1120% 118% 118%
lOOi rv> pfd 97 j 97 ! 97
1 United Copper ..!...,. 7
United R of S F] ! ' 20%
S80j Do pfd ■ 66%I 65% 65%
' Do 4s I ! 87%
4.9i*i U S Ca.-t Iron P 25 24% 24> 4
SOU 1 Do pfd : 85% j 85 j 85%
[17 S Express ... 120
9,800iU S Leather .... 14%! 13% 13%
4.400! Do pfd lo'- 1 '.. 1 < *2 101%
l.SCOjU S Rubber I 38 37 | 37%
900 Do pfd [100%|100%|100%
26.1001U S Steel Cor...! 31 ! 30%! 30%
80.309- Do pfd i 95%• 94% 94%
4.2(.'0:Va-Car Chem Co 36% 35 35% ■
: Do pfd 108%
7( 8 Wabash 22 (21 % 81 %
LOOOj Do pfd ! 44%! 43% 18%
) Do deb Bs .. .j j 67 J
Wells Fargo Ex.i I 1233
880 Western Union.. '.•3V<i 93 } 02%
4f :(> Westfrghoase ..!tt3%ll80 ' 185 1 £
! Do 1st nfd ...' ,187 |
300'W ft L E I 18% 18% 18%
Do 1st pfd ! I 44 I
4(0 n 0 2d pfd ...J 26 26 25%
1,2(0 Wisconsin Cen..' 22%: 22 1 22 j
700 Do pfd I 40%i 46 j 46%j
98%
45
65%
1191%
'39%
90
81%
92
84%
17
1191
(153 !
143%
I 42
110
185
104%
78
1.37
107
38
S9>, 4
•J44
.4 4
33%
! 93%
81%
91*.
84%
16%
I 70%
160%
13 I
52 i
25 i
78
7<> 4
s
67 1 ,
67',
116% |
41'
88
1138
108
'38%
: 33%
93%
! 81%
I 92
85
16%
76
n%
: 95%
• «.{
1101
I 16
i 58
i 28
| 78 %
1 2
| 26
■ "I*
116%
) 34%
! 96V.
641
_2%
38%
36%
36 V,
!io«%
119
8
22
65%
87%
$S
i *
IOf%
I 38
■101
■ m%
M%
1109
22',
44%
07 1 ..
|245
If If)
184
18%
26
I -»"
44%
56
116%
193
157%
1144
1*-*
! 44
[120
78
I 26%
I 42
■ »5%
I 96
! I
'.•:<>,,
tt*%
("18%
' 22%
I 40%
1.413,550 —Total share* sold.
New York Bonds'.
U S ref 2s reg. .104%(Japan 6s cert 66%
Do coupon 104%, L A N unified 4s.in:;
Do 8s reg l'iß%Man con gold 4s. 1. 5%
Do coupon 104%!Mex ' Central 45... 74%
Do new 4s reg.l.'iOV.j Do Ist Inc 25%
Do coupon 131% Minn & St D 45.. 97%
Do old 4s reg.HC>% If. X A Texas 45.100%
Do coupon 105%; Do 2ds 87
Amer Tob 4s. cert 72%!NR of Mcx con 4s 82
Do 6s. cert 111 IK V C gen 3%5..100%
Atch gen 4e 108% IN J C gen 3s 131%
Do adj 4s 94% I Nor Pacific 4s 105%
Atlantic C L 4s. 101%: Do 3s 77%
Bait & Ohio 45..104%;X0r & W con 4a. 102%
Do 3%s Vi% O S D refdg 45.. 97%
Central of Oa 55.113%! Pa cony 3%s in-5%
Do Ist Inc..*-. 91% Reading gen 45...1f.2
Do 2d mc 71% S I. A I M con 3s. 117%
Ches & Ohio 4%5.109 IS D A S F fg 4«. 89%
Chi A Alton B%a 81% ISt L S W con 4s. 81
C B & Q new 4<. 100. Seaboard A L 4s. 89
C, R I A Pac 4s. 82%.50 Pacific 4s 68%
Do col 5s 96%!50 Railway 6s ...liv
CC.C A SD«rn 4s.lol%'Tex A Pm l«ts. .121%
Chi Term 4s RB%|Tol. St L. A W 4s. 83%'
Colo 4«ldland 45.. 74 (Union Pacific 45.104%
Colo A So 4s 92 I Do cony 4s 118**
Cuba ss. cert 104%1U s Steel 2d 55.. 93%
Den A Rio Gs 4s.lOO%!Wsbash lsts 118%
Diet Securities 5s 70"-',' T>o deb R <\s%
Erie prior lien 45.102 I Western Md 4*.. 92
Do gen 4s 92% (W A T. Erie 45... 9i%
F W A D C lsts.llo%:Wis Ccnrral 45... 91
Hock Val 4%8. . .10P%'
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 20|Little Chief 05
Alice W Ontario 3 7.-
Breeee lß|Onh!r 6 IS
Bruns Con 08| Phoenix 07
Com Tunnel 09 Potosi ] (J !
Con Cal A Va... 1 PS'favage 42
Horn Silver 1 "iO'Slerra Xevada 47
Iron Silver 2 00 Small Hopes 25
LeadviUe Con f2'Stsndard 1 50
Boston Stocks nnd Bonds.
Money— jU S Steel 80%
Call loans 2%®3%! Do :>fd 9»%
Time loans B%®l%lWesting Common. 90
Bonds— I Mining—
Atchison 4s 102%(Adventure 7%
Do adj 4s 94%'AUouez 21%
Mcx Central 45.. 74 lAmal Copper 76%
Railroads — I Amer Zinc ...... 12%
Atchison 88 I Atlantic Iff,
Do pfd 101 Bingham 33%
Boston A Albany.2s6 ICalumet A Hecla.6Bo
Boston A Maine.lßs%!Centennlal 25
Boston B3ev 157%'Conpcr Range ... «9»a
Fitchburg pfd 143 |Oalv West 11%
Mcx Central 23%'Dom Coal 60
X Y. N H A H..201 tfranklin 12
Pere Marquette... 82 IGrancy 5«4
t'nion Pacific 118% lisle Royale 27U
Miscellaneous — 'Mass Mining 11%
Amer Arge Chem. 21%|\richlgan uu
Do pfd 87% I Mohawk §4 "
Amer Pneu Tuba 4%lMont Coal A Coke 4%
Amer Sugar 142%i01d Dominion ... 28
Do pfd 13.8 (Osceola «... 9.11/.
Amer Tel A Tel. 14H% 1 Parrot gB%
Amer Woolen ... 22V.!Quincy 110
Do pfd 94%IShannon saj
Dom Iron A 8... 18 (Tamarack 130
Ed Elect Ilium. .25t%lTrlnltv 0
Gen Electric. 190 [T* S Mining 23%
Mass Electric... IR%IUS.OII 10U
Do pfd 59 7'tah 43
Ma««s Gas 38% I Victoria fi<%
United Fruit 10ft I Winona 12
Un Shoe Mach... 68141 Wolverine 106
Do pfd 32%(
London Closmsr Stocks.
Cons for money.. 88% iN V Central 147%
Do for acct.... 88% I Nor A Western... 81%
Anaconda 5%| Do pfd 94%
Atchison .SS%'Ont A Western... 43%
■ 103% Pennsylvania 70%
Bait A Ohio r22% Kand Mines .....11%
£? n P^ 137% Reeding 41%
Ches A Ohio 48% Do Ist pfd 47
Chi Great West.. 23% Do 2d nfd 4a
Chi, Mil A St So Railway 36%
T>e Beers 18 Do nfd ... 99
Den A Rio G 33%!50 ps>ie,- ' '" 70
PM 78% Union Pacific '.'.'.'.l&t
Erie *I%] Do pfd . o ( s/
do ist pfa so v s steei....sT*
Do 2d pfd 03% Do nfd M-2
111 Centra .162 Wabash .... 22%
A Nash ...144 I Do pfd 4414
M. X A Texas... BS%fsp«.ntsh 4s ..... «n%
Money—l%@2 per cent
J** "|ff °' <Ji;oount In the open market for
short bills Is 2% per cent and for thre*
months' bills 2%®2 910 per cent
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 16.—T0-day's* state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the f150.0A0,000 gold re
serve in the division of redemption, shows*
Available cash balance. $142,080,241; gold'
$04,526,336. _____
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 16.—COTTON—Spot
closed quiet, free points advance. Middling'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY .17, 1905.
uplands, 7.25 c; middling gulf, 7.60 c; sales, 4430
bales.
Futures opened quiet and steady. January.
6.73 c bid; February. 6.80 c bid: March, 0.88 c;
April. 6.93 c; May, 6.79 c; June, 7.02 c; July,
7.08 c; August. 7.10 c; September, 7.12 c; Oc
tober, 7.15 c.
Futures closed steady. January, 6.85 c; Feb
ruary, 0.90 c; March. 6.95cj April, 7.01 c: May,
7.05 c; June. 7.10 c.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Jan. 16.—FLOUR—Receipts.
15,850 barrels; exports. 1300 barrels. Market
firm but dull.
WHEAT—Receipts. 9700 bushels. Spot,
firm; No. 2 red. $1 21 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth. $1 26% f. o. b. afloat. Open
ing higher on firm Liverpool cables and a lit
tle covering,, the close showed a net decline
of %c. May closed 31 15%; July, $1 02 5-16®
1 03%, closed $1 02%.
HlDES—Steady. '
HOPS—Firm.
WOOL—Firm.
PETROLEUM—Quiet.
SUGAR—Raw, strong; fair refining, B%c;
centrifugal, 96 test. 5%c; molasses sugar,
4%c; refined, firm.
COFFEE—Spot Rio, steady: No. 7 Invoice.
B%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 10*~fl3c. Futures
closed steady, net unchanged to 10 poinU
higher. Total sales, 95,000 bags, including:
February. 7.80 c; March, 7.90 c; April, 8c; May,
8.10<g8.15c; July, 8.10@8.35c; September, 8.55 c;
October, 8.65 c.
I DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES —The market is
firm. Buyers are unwilling to pay any ad
vance for the time being and seem to be oper
ating a little less freely at present prices, but
holders- are Indifferent, apparently, and show
a disposition to advance rather than lower
their views. Common are quoted at 4ffse;
prime. 5 1 4@'5%c; choice, o%@oc, and fancy at
6%J*>7«.
PRUNES —Are firm with a fair demand for
larger and smaller sizes. Quotations on spot
range from 2c to 6%c, according to grade.
APRICOTS—Are In a strong position, de
spite a moderate demand, with choice quoted
et 1O<"fl0%c: extra choice, ll@l2o. and fancy
at 12<?i.v.
PEACHES—Show an advancing tendency on
scarcity of offerings, with choice held at 9%c;
extra choice at 10%@10%c, and fancy at 11%
*-jl2c.
New York Metnl Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 16.—The London tin
market experienced a bad break, closing at
£129 17s Cd for both spot and futures. The
local market was quiet. Some dealers are re
ported to be asking as high as $29 65 for spot,
but the majority of quotations range around
$29 15. with $29 10 bid.
Copper was higher In London, closing at
£68 12s 6d for spot and £«9 for futures. Lo
cally the market Is unchanged. Lake is
quoted at $15 S7Ultl*ls 60; electrolytic at
615 12%t515 37%, and casting at $14 75®
15 12%.
Leael was a shade higher at £13 Is 3d. The
local market was firm and unchanged at
$4 65.
Spelter was unchanged at $6 20<g6 30 In the
local market, while London was a little lower
Iron closed at 54s 6d In Glasgow and 48s 9d
In Mlddlesboro. Locally the situation is un
changed. There is some talk of an easier
sltuati n for Southern grades, but Northern
producers remain firm in their views, and ex
press confidence in a further advance. No. 1
foundry Northern is quoted at $17 504117 65;
No. 2 foundry Northern, $17 50; No. 1 foundry
Southern and No. 1 foundry Southern soft.
$17 TSOJB.
Visible. Grain Supply. Q
NEW YORK. Jan. 16.—The visible supply
of grain Saturday. January 14. as complied by
the New York Produce Exchange, was as fol
lows: Wheat 39.585.000 bushels, decrease 681..
(■no: corn 11,379,000 bushels. Increas? 36O.0OO;
oatl 20,800 000 bushels, decrease 802.000; rye
1,773,00/) bushels, decrease 263,000; barley, 6,
--371,000 bushels, decrease 363,000. *
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain an-l Provisions.
CHICAGO. Jan. 16.—The wh»»Rt market
opened firm, with prices snowing some Im
provement over Saturday's dosing quotations.
May King up %c to %c at ft 10% to 61 17%.
The principal 'eason for the flimness was the
bullish appearance of world's shipments for
last week, the total amount being less than
the estimated consumption of the Importing
countries. In this connection the decreased
movement from Russia and Argentina had
certain influence. Offerings were rather lim
ited and came principally from scalpers. As
the session advanced, however, the selling be
came more pronounced and sentiment In the pit
turned bearish. cause of this change was
gossip received from outside markets telling
of a lessened sale for cash wheat. Commis
sion houses were free sellers during the latter
part of the session. May sold oft to $1 15%
and closed at $1 15%*rl 15%.
Indications of a heavier movement, as mani
fest, d by an Increase in the visible supply, had
a weakening effect on the corn market. May
opened c. shade to %c higher at 44%@45c and
closed at H%c.
Weakness of othor grains caused some selling
of oats, but a decrease In the visible supply
held the declining tendency in check and pre
vented any material loss. May closed %c
lower at 31c.
Influenced by a decline in hog prices, the
provision market was somewhat weak early in
the day. At the close May pork was up sc.
lard was up 2'<jc snd ribs were a shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 1 ITU 1 17' i 1 15% 1 15%
July 90% «9% 98% 98%
Corn No. 2 —
January 41% 42 41% 42
May 45 45% 44% 44%
July 45% 45% 45% 45%
Oats No. 2 —
January .10% 80% 30% 30%
May 51% 31% 30% 31
July 31% 31% 31 31
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January 12 40 12 50 12 40 12 50
May 12 OS 12 75 12 65 12 72%
Lard, per 100 lbs-
January 6 62% 665 6 62% 665
Miiy 6 S5 (1 SO 6 85 6 87%
July 6 95 7 00 6 95 7 00
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs-
January 6 45 6 45 6 45 6 45
May 670 6 72% 6 70 6 72%
July 6 85 6 85 6 85 6 85
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Jan. 16.—Cash quotations were aa
follows: Flour, steady: No. 2 spring wheat.
SI 12A1 17; No. 3. $1 0291 15; No. 2 red. *l 17%
@1 20%; No. 2 corn. 43c. No. 2 yellow, 43c: No.
2 oats. 301, c; No. 2 white, 32C"2%c; No. 3
whitf, 30%<532c; No. 2 rye. ?1%973c; good
feeding barley, 37938 c; fair to choice malting,
42&48 c; No. 1 flaxseed, SI 16; No. 1 Northwest
ern. $1 23; mesa pork, per barrel, $12 45<jrl2 50;
lard, per 100 pounds. $6 65; short ribs sides
(loose). $0 25@6 50; short clear sides (boxed),
$6 5(V36 62%; whisky, basis of thigh wines,
$1 23; clover, contract grade, $13.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 11.400 8,200
Wheat, bushels 29,000 357,700
Corn, bushels 354.000 152,700
Oats, bushels 69,600 85,800
Rye. bushels 2,000 4,600
Barley, bushels 42,800 22,200
Itnltcr. Cheese and Kcsrs.
CHICAGO, Jan. 16—On the Produce Ex
change to-day the Butter market was firm.
Creameries. 19®';Ce; dairies, 18%®24c. Eggs,
firm, 22®27c. Cheese, steady, ll@l2c.
ELGIN. 111., Jan. lt>.—BUTTEß —Firm at
29Uc pound, an advance of Vie from lost
week. Sales. 438,000 p-.unds.
CATTLE. SHEEP AND HOGS.
Kansas c ity.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Jan. 16.—CATTLE—
Receipts, 15000; steady. Native steers, $3 sih®
8 80; cows and heifers, $1 7504 60; stockers
and feeders, $2 75®4 25: bulls, $2 28*94;
calves. $306 50; Western fed steers, $3 50®5-
Western fed cows, $1 75®3 50.
HOGS—Receipts, 4000; steady. 1 Bulk of
sales, $4 5004 75; heavy. $4 75@4 80; packers,
$4 60c£4 75; pigs and light, $4®4 65-
SHEEP —Receipts, 6000; steady. Muttons.
$4 78&5 75; lambs, $6®7 25; range wethers,
$0 50(96 60: fed ewes, $4®5.
Chicairo.
CHICAGO, Jan. 16.—CATTLE—Receipts 32 -
000; 10c to 15c lower. Good to prime steers,
$5 «5<&6 25; poor to medium, $3 70®4 70; stock
ers and feeders. $2 2504 25: cows, $1 25®4 23
--heifers. 8205; canners. $1 2502 50; bulls 12®
4; calves, #307.
HOGS —Recelpta, 55,000; market 5c to 10c
lower. Mixed and butchers, $4 4004 70- good
to choice heavy $4 6504 75; rough heavy
$4 4594 50; light $4 35#4 55; bulk of sales
84 55€4 70.
SHEEP —Receipts, 25.000; sheep and lambs
10c to 15c lower. Good to choice wethers
$4 7595 50; fair to choice mixed. $3 80®4 so-
Western sheep. $4 25®5 50; native lambs, $5 75
@7 60; Western lambs, $6 6697 40.
Omaha.
uMAHA. Neb., Jan. 16. —CATTLE—Receipts
2300; steady. Native steers, $3 6005 76; cows
and heifers. Western steers, Texas steers and
range cows and heifers, $2 5004 10; eanners,
31 5092 40: stojkers and feeders, $2 5004
--calves, $S 5006 75; bulla and stags, $1750
8 50. %
HOGS —Receipts, 3700* market 5c to 10c
lower. Heavy. $4 521404 67*4; mixed, $4 60®
* W, pis *- 1 3 75 04 40; bulk
SHEjiP—Receipts, 5800; steady. Western
yearlings. $6 26*»6 28; wethers. $4 7596 75;
ewes. $4 2595; lambs, $6 2A®7 35.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening- 7 % 6 11% 6 11%
Closing 7 % ft 11% 6 11%
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. May-Aug.
Opening 23 65 24 65
Closing 23 70 24 65
Flour-
Opening 31 20 32 30
Closing 31 25 32 25
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOCIS, Jan. 10.—WOOL—Nominal.
Medium grades, combing and clothing, 23029 c;
light One. lSifr22c; heavy fine, 14@18e: tub
washed. 27@41c. , '
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Jan. 16.—WHEAT — Wall*
Walla, Ssc; bluestem, 88©90 c; Valley, 87c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 16-—WHEAT—Unchanged.
Blueatem, »0c; Club. 36c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Jan. 16. —Clearings, $672,070;
balances, $90,632.
TACOMA, Jan. 16.—Clearings, $312,950;
balances, $21,606.
PORTLAND, Jan. 16.—Clearings, $773,519;
balances, $108,046.
SPOKANE, Jan. 16.—Clearings, $566,730;
balances. $109,785.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Domestic Exchange was higher and Sterling
steady. Silver was unchanged.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days..s4 85%@4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 57%@4 88
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 SB%®4 89
New York Exchange, sight 05 ® 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic 07%® 10
Silver, per ounce 60%® —
Mexican Dollars 48 ® 49
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris 6.15
New York on Mexico 202%
Paris on London 25.13%
Berlin on London 20.41%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT —The foreign markets were not ma
terially changed. Chicago was l%c lower. A
dispatch from the City of Mexico said:
"Mexico is facing a scarcity of Wheat and
Flour on account of the crop harvested being
insufficient to supply demand. The price is
advancing steadily, practically all of the
Wheat of the republic is In the hands of mill
ers and stocks are only sufficient to keep the
plants in operation to the end of this month."
In this market several descriptions of cash
Wheat were fractionally higher. Futures were
moderately active, but not materially changed.
The world's shipments for the week were as
follows in quarters: Russian. 322,000; Argen
tine, 24,000; Indian. 262,000; Australian, 65,000.
CASK WHEAT.
California Club. $1 5001 52%; California
White Australian. $1 02%i§1 65; Northern
Club, $1 62%@1 55; Northern Bluesum,
$1 02%®1 65; Northern Red, $1 47% per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.,
Open. High. Low. Close.
May—No sales; $1 45% bid.
December ...$1 31% $1 31% $1 31% $1 31%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 46 $1 46% $1 40 $1 40%
December—No sales.
' BARLEY —The week opened with the market
steady at Saturday's quotations. Offerings on
the sample tables were light. Trading In fu
tures was moderate.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed $1 15431 18%: Brewing and Shipptng,
$1 20#lJr%; Chevalier, $1 2o®l 25 per ctl.
yT FUTURES.
/ Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
/ Open High. Low. Close.
"May $1 17% $1 17% $1 17% $1 17%
December ... »* 08% 98 98
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 17% $P 17% $1 17 $1 17%
December —No sales.
OATS —Yesterday's receipts included 600 ctls
from the East. Arrivals from this source are
growing more frequent The market con
tinues firmly held and unchanged.
White. $1 45frl 57%; Surprise, $1 55®1 60;
Red for feed, $1 4."«1 50 for No. 1 and
$1 40®1 421- for Mo. 2; choice. for seed,
$1 6001 55; Black. $1 35® 1 45 for feed and
$1 sC®l 65 for seed, Eastern White. $1 42%®
1 45 per Ctl.
ci .KN—Arrival of 1500 ctls from the West.
The market is quiet, but steady at previous
prices.
Western sacked $1 27%®1 30 for new Yel
low snd White and $1 22%®1 25 for Mixed;
California large Yellow, $1 30® 1 35; small
tound do, $1 6501 80; White. $1 25®i 3<i;
Egyptian. $1 35® 1 37% for White and $1 17%
Sjl 20 lor Brown.
RYE—sl 42'...®! 47% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—SI BC#l 76 per ctl.
Flour and Farinaceous Goods.
FLOUR —California Family Extra's. $1 80®
5 10. usual terms. Bakers' Extras, $4 70®5;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $4®4 50
per bbl.
FARINACEOUS GOODS—Prices in packages
are as follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100
lbs; Rye Flour. $3 75 (in barrels $4 75): Rye
Meal, $3 50 (In barrels $4 50); Rice Flour,
$8; Corn Meal $2 50; extra cream do, $3 75:
Oat Meal. $4 25®4 50; Oat Groats, $4 50;
Hominy. $3 75tp4; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50®'
4 75; Cracked Wheat. $4; Farina, $4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 75; Rolled Oats, bbls. $6 50®
7 50; in sacks. $6®7; Pearl Barley. $6;
Split Peas, boxes. $5 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per
ICO lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
The arrival of liberal lines from the north
yesterday gave Bran an easier tone, but
prices showed no decline. Hay was as pre
viously quoted.
BRAN —$2(«21 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS—S2S©2B per ton.
SHORTS—S2C®2I 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS—RoIIed BBVley $24 50@25 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50®
32 50; Jobbing, 833; Cocoanua Cake, «$23®24:
Cocoanut Meal, $24®25; Con» Meal. $31 50®
32; Cracked Corn, $32®32 50; Mixed Feed $22
®23 : Horse Beans, $30@40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY—Wheat. $10®15; Wheat and Oat.
$K,iil4; Oat. $9®12 50; Barley and Oat, $8®
10. Volunteer Wild Oat. $7®10; stable. $M®10;
stock. $6®" 50; Clover, $7®10; Alfalfa $l>©l2
per ton.
STRAW —35®60c per bale.
Beans ami Seeds.
The local Bean trade continues to quote***
quiet and unchanged market, with Whites the
firmest descriptions.
BEANS—Bayos, $2 75®3: Pea. $3 25®3 50;
Butter, $3®3 25; small White. $3 25@t 40;
large White. $2 45®2 65; Pink. $3 40®3 00;
Red $4 75#5 : Lima, $4 05®4 15; Red Kidneys,
$4 25-/4 60; Black-yes. $2 50®2 60 per ctl;
Horse Beans. $1 Ss®2 40.
SEEDS —Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 3%©3% c: Flax. $2®2 75; Canary.
o%c; Alfalfa, 12%0T8e: Rape, 1%®2%c;
Timothy. 5%c; Hemp. 3%@3%c per lb; Mil
let, 2%®3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20®21 per
ton.
DRIED PEAS —Niles, $1 7502 50; Green
Peas. $1 75®2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were heavy over Sun
day, but the market continued firm and active,
particularly for the best offerings of Bur
banks. Early Rose were in better demand
and higher and Garnet Chiles from Oregon
were offering at $1 50 per cental. Sweets
were In good request at previous prices. Five
carloads were marketed. Onions ruled firm,
with occasional sales of fancy reported at
$2 60 per cental. .
Receipts of Green Peas from the south were
heavy, aggsegating over 200 sacks, and prices
declined sharply. Other southern vegetables
were In moderate receipt and steady. Stocks
of Garlic were light and available supplies
were held by a few dealers, who took advan
tage of the situation and advanced prices
POTATOES—Burbanks from the river, 60®
90c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 15© 1 45 per
ctl: Oregon Burbanks. $I®l 36 p* r eti;
River Reds. 50®00c per ctl; Early Rose, $1 SO
®l 45 per ctl; Sweet Potatoes. 75c®$l per ctl.
ONIONS—S2 25©2 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES—Green Peas. 3®sc par lb;
String Beans. 8010 c per lb; Wax Beans. 0®
8e: Tomatoc3, $I®l 25 per box or crate;
Summer Squash 65®95e per box; Hothouse Cu
cumbers $1 2501 50 per dgeen; Cabbage. 50®
«0c per ctl; Carrots. 30®4* per sack; Garlic.
8® 10c per lb; Egg Plant, B®Bc per lb; Dried
Peppers. 10®12%c for san-drled and 13fii4c
per lb for evaporated; Green Peppers. B@lCc
per lb- Mushrooms. 10®I5c per lt>: Marrowfat
and Hubbard Squash. >S©U> per ton. »
Poultry and Game.
Poultry opened the week with the market
In good shape for sellers and everything except
Broilers moved freely at steady* prices. Three
carloads of Western were marketed and cleaned
up well. Receipts of local stock were only
three coops. Dressed Turkeys were quiet and
weak._ Only three cases came In, but there
was plenty of Carried-over stock available.
Game w.as In good request at about previous
price*. _
POULTRY—Dressed Turkeys. 21023 c per lb;
Live Turkey*. 21 ©23c per lb; Geese, per pair,
$2©2 25; Goslings. ——; Ducks, $5©6 per
doxen for old and $607 for young; Hens, $4 60
t5 60 for small and $5 50®6 for large; young
oosters, 8607; old Roosters, 84 50®5; Fryers.
$5®5 50: Broilers. $3@3 50; Pigeons, $l@l 25
Squabs, $2®2 50.
GAME—Mallard Ducks. $3®3 50 per doxen:
Canvashack. $3@3 50; Teal. $1 lo; Sprig, $i®
2 60; Gray Ducks, $2; Widgeon, $1 50; Red
Heads. $2; Black Jacks. $1 60; small Ducks.
$1: Gray Geese, $8; White Geese, 75c©$I 26;
Brant $1 50®2 for large and 75c© $1 for small;
Honkers, $305; Snipe. $3 for English and
$1 50 for common; Hare, $2; Rabbits, $2 50 for
Cottontails and $1 60 for Brush.
Butter. Cheese and Errs.
All but three or four houses reported Butter
a fraction higher yesterday, with the market
well cleaned up of the best' creameries. Those
who did not quote an advance still had large
stocks to get rid of. A higher Los Angeles
market and inquiries from there, together with
the diversion of the San Joaquin creameries
to Los Angeles and lighter stocks here, were
the prime causes of the advance. There was
no change In Cheese.
Eggs were considerably at sea yesterday.
Few dealers seemed to have any definite idea
as to prices, and the different houses quoted
anywhere from 26c to 30c, according to their
stock*. The quotations below are about as
close as can be given under the confusing cir
cumstances. Receipts were larger than usual
on Mondays, and as stocks were still accumu
lating the tendency to sell and get out from
under became more marked.
Receipts were 33,400 rbs Butter, 659 cases
Eggs and 8000 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER—Creamery at first hands. 23®24c
for extras and 21®22%c for lower to medium
grades; dairy. 18022 c; cold storage, nominal;
store Butter. 13@15c; Eastern cubes, nominal;
Eastern ladle-packed, 15®16c. •
CHEESE—IO® 11c for fair to choice mild
new and 10c for old; Young Americas, ll@12c;
Eastern. 13@15c per lb.
EGGS—Ranch. 25®2Sc for good to choice and
24c for common; store Eggs. 24025 c; cold
Storage, nominal; Eastern. 22023 c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits. .
Six carloads of Apples were received from j
Oregon and Washington, and. as further heary i
shipments are expected from tha, same sources |
within a few days, there is less flrmnes* in
thia department of the market, although trade
k) still active. Prices of Citrus fruits show
considerable revision. Standard Navel Or- j
anges and Mexican Limes are in good request
at steady prices, while choice and fancy Na
ve|s continue to drag. A carload of Tan- ;
gerlnes came in from Butte County and. being
of good* quality, met with a fair demand at
the top quotation. At the auction sale three
carloads of Oranges and one car of Lemon*
were sold as follows: OTangee, $1 25*il 00
for fancy, $1 10@1 35 for choice and $1 10®
125 for standard. Lemons. $1 25@1 55 for !
fancy. 90c®$l 10 for choice and 80c for stand
ard*.
APPLES —$1 25© 1 50 per box for fancy and
75c®$l 25 for common to choice; Lady Apples.
$I®l 50 per box. !
CITRUS FRUlTS—Oranges, Navels, $1 50®2
per box for fancy and $1 2501 50 for standard
and choice; Seedlings, 76c@$l; Tangerines,
90c£i$l; Japanese Mandarins, 75e©$l; Lemons.
$2ft2 50 for fancy $1 25®1 73 for choice and
$I®l 25 for standards; Grape Fruit. $1 50*cr2;
Mexican Limes. $4 50 per case; Bananas. 8208
per bunch for Central American and $I@2 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples, $1 50®2 per doxen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts. Raisins, Honey.
FRUITS —Apricots, 8011 c for Royals and 11
®12% c for Moorparks; Nectarine*. 6%®8%c
for White and 6»«®7%c for Red; Peaches. 7%-»
9%c per lb; Pears, 7@l2c : Pluma pitted. 4®
5c for black. 5%®7c for red and 4%®*>c
for yellow; Figs 2-crown bricks. 45c: 3-crown,
50c; 4-crown 60c; 6-crown. 65c; bulk white,
2%®3c; black 2%®5%c; Evaporated Apples,
4®6c per lb.
PRUNES—I%©I%c per lb for the four size* ,
and 2%c oasis for the large sizes.
RAISINS—I9O4 crop f. o. b. Fresno—lmpe
rial clusters. $2 2502 50; Dehesa. $1 3001 35;
London Layers 85c@$l; Loos" Muscatels. 4-
Town. 5®5%c; 3-crown. 4%c; 2-crown. 3®3%c;
Seeded. 4%o*ic; Thompson's Seedless. 4%® j
4%c; Seedless Sultanas. 3®sc per lb.
NUTS—Walnuts No 1 softshell. 12® 13c; No.
2, 10011 c; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2. 10c;
Almonds, 10017 c for Nonpareils. 14®14%c for ,
I X L 1"%®14%c for Ne Plus Ultra and 11c
for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern;
Pecans, ll©13c: Cocoanuts. $4 5005; Chest
nuts. 7<ei9c per lb for Italian.
HONEY—Comb. 11%4|13c for white and 10®
11c for amber; water white extracted, 5%©
6%c : light amber extracted. 5®5%c; dark. 3®
4%c.
BEESWAX—27iff29c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS—Bacon, 10% c per lb for
heavy. 10% c for tight medium. 13c for light;
14c for extra light and 14% c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides. 10c; Bellies, 11c: Eastern su
gar-cured Hams 12 to 14 lbs. 12% c; 15 to 16
lbs, 12c; 17 to 20 lbs, ll%c; California
Hams ll%c; Mess Beef. Slo©lo 50 *ncr bbl;
extra Mer-g. $10 50®11; Family, $12®12 60.
prime Mess Pork, $14 50: extra clear, $22;
Mess. $16 50; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $5;
Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD —Tierces quoted at <3%c per lb for
California compound 7c for Eastern compound
and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9%c: 10-
Ib tins. 9%c. 5-lb tins 9%c: 3-lb tins. 10c.
COTTOLENFA-One half barrel. B%c; three
half barrels. B%c; one tierce. B%c; two tierces.
B%c; Aye tierces, B%c per lb.
Hides. Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The recent activity in Hops proved short
lived and the market is quieter again, while
the feeling is also easier, though prices show
no decline.
" HIDES AND SKINS—CuIIs and branda sell
aboui %Silc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 12e; medium, lie: light, 10% c; Cbw
Hides lo%c for heavy and 10c for light:
Stags' 8c; Salted Kip lie; Balted Veal. ll%cr
Salted Calf, 12% c; dry Hides. 18c: dry Kip,
16c: dry Calf. 22c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25<y
40c each; short Wool, sC"f?7sc each; med.um,
90o®$l 10; long Wool, $1 15®1 75; Horse
Hides, salt. for large and $2 50 for me
dium. $1 50®2 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 25®
1 50 for medium. $1 for small, 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins —Dry Mexican, 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c: dry Central American, '0;;
Goat Skins —Prime Angoras, 75c: extra large
do. $1 25; large. 50c: medium. 35c; small 20c
TALLOW —No 1 rendered. 4®4%c per lb;
No 2, 3®3%c : Grease, 2®2%c.
WOOL—Nominal; none hert.
HOPS —1904 crop. 27Q30c per lb; 1905 crop,
17%@18c bid.
Meat Market.
The week opened with prices unchanged.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows:
BEEF—6®7c for Steers and 4%@6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL—Large 6%®Sc : small. B®9%c per lb.
MUTTON—Wether*. 7®Se; Ewes, 6%®7%e
per lb.
LAMB—Ou'lOc per lb.
PORK—Dressed Hogs. 6%®.8%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 40®
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE—Steers, 7v:«7%c; Cows and Heif
ers. 5%©0% c: thin Cows. 4©sc per lb.
CALVES—4®4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP —Wethers 3%@3%c; Ewes. 3®3%c
per lb «ross weight).
LAMBS—S2 IMP 75 per head.
HOGS—Live Hogs. 200 to 250 lbs. 4%®4%c;
130 to 200 lbs. 5®3%c; 80 to 130 lbs. 4%04%c;
soft Hogs, not wanted; Sows, 20 per cent iff;
Boars. 50 per cent off. ar.d Stags. 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS—Grain Bags. 5%€*5%c spot and 0®
o%c for June and Juiy; Wool Bags. 30@32c;
Fleece Twine. "%c.
COAL —Wellington. $8 per ton : New Wel
lington, *S; Seattle. $t! 60; Bryant. $6 50;
Beaver HII! $5 60; Roslyn. 67; Coos Bay, $5 50;
Richmond, $8; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14 Welsh Anthracite Egg. 813; Welsh Lump.
$11 60; Cannel. $0 > er ton; Coke, $11 60@13 per
toil In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions. $S 50 per short ton.
OILS —eructations are for barrels; for cases
add 6c; Linseed. 55c per gallon for boiled and
53c lor raw; Caftor Oil, In cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers" AA. cases. $1 10®l 12; Lucol 50c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut, cases, 65®
80c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, in barrels. 58c
for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter £perm Oil. 08c; natural win
ter Sperm OH. 63c; extra bleached winter
Whale Oil. 57c-, natural Whale OH, 52c; extra
winter strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard OH,
05c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot
Oil 63c; light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring
Oil" 40c: Salmon Oil, 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c;
raw Flsh Oil. 36e; boiled Paint Oil, 33c; raw j
Paint OH, 3lc.
COAL OlL—Water White Coal OH, In bulk, 1
12"~c; Pearl OH. In cases. 18c; Astral, 19c; ;
Star. 19c; Extra Star, 22c; Elaine, 25% c:
Eocene, 21c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 16c; in cases. 22% c; Motor Gasoline, In
bulk, 16c; In cases, 22% c; No. 1 Eng. Dist.,
Iron bble or drums. 9c; No. 2 do, 7%c; cases,
ovic more; Benxlne, In bulk. 13c; In cases,
19*4 c; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 26c; in
cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE —78c per gallon In cases and
72c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD—Red Lead. 7V4© ■
7%0 per lb; While Lead, 7"4®7*4c according
to quantity.
SUGAR —The Western Sugar Refining Com- 1
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb begs:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.25 c: i
Powdered, 6.10 c: Candy Granulated. 6.10 c; Dry !
Granulated, fine. 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6c- Fruit Granulated. 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 5 00c: Confectioners' A. 6c;
Magnolia A, 5.60 c; Extra C, 5.50 c; Golden C,
5.40 c; "D," 6.30 c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more: boxes. 50c more: 60-lb bags,
10c more for all Kinds. Tablets—Half barrela
6 50c- boxes. 6.75 c; H. & E. Crystal Dominos.
8c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev
enty.five barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Prodii oe.
FOR MONDAY. JANUARY 16.
Flour qr ska... 3,s99!Mlddlings. sks ... 100
Wheat ctls 3,29ojLeather, rolls ... 143
Barley, ctls 3,187 Hides, No 1,200
Corn. Ctls & t>lu ' M !* 870
Sugar ctls 000 Llme. bbls SI
Tallow, ctls .... 305 Wine, gals 66,750
Beans sks 1.154 Hay. tons 574
Potatoes, sks ••• 0,446 Hops, bales 56
Onions, sks 650 Wool, bales S3
Feed, sks , v ... 921
OREGON.
Flour qr sks... 2,2941 Onions, sks 371
Potatoes, sks ... 8.8521 Bran, ska 1,667
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr ska... 2.294|Groats. ska ..... 600
Bran, sks 4,560[
EASTERN.
Oats ctls 6001 Potatoes, sks 1.400
Corn, ctls 1,500.
STOCK MARKET.
Coninued Advance In the Sugars, With
Large Sties.
Yesterday wag another lively day in thi
sugar stocks on the Stock and Bond Exchange,
with ths quotations advancing all along the
line, the rise averaging from ft to $2. Ha
waiian Commercial sold up to #82 2a, Honokaa
to $20 50, Onomea to 934 25, Paauhau to $24,
Hutchinson to $17, Hakawell to $35 50 and
Honolulu to 336.
In the other stocks the Alaska Packers wai
still lower at #90©89 25. while Giant Powdei
advanced to $65. Transactions in bonds were
lighter than usual, as the sugar stocks clalnged
the attention cf the brokers.
There was rather more doing in the oil
stocks, with fair sales of Home. The Ton
opah mining stocks were quieter than foi
some time, with no fluctuations worthy oi
note, and the Comstocks were also without
especial feature.
The Bullion Mining Company has levied ax
assessment of 5c per share.
An assessment of $10 per share was de
linquent yesterday on the capital stock of th«
Howe Saddlery Company of San Franetseo.
There have been recent street sales of Oahu
Sugar Company at $120 per share and 20C
Pioneer Mill at $140.
Dividends were paid yesterday as follows:
Port Costa Water Company, regular monthly,
80c per share, amounting to $15o0; Presidk
Railroad Company, regular monthly, 20c pei
share, amounting to $2000; Makaweli Sugai
Company, regular monthly. 20c per share,
amounting to $10,102; California Gas and Elec
tric Company regular monthly, 26c per share,
amounting to $22,846 62%: Pacific States Tel
egraph and Telephone Company, regular quar
terly, $1 75 per ahare, amounting to $244,604:
Bank of California, regular quarterly, $4 pei
share, amounting to $120,000; California Safe
Deposit and Trust Company, regular quarterly,
$1 50 per share, amounting to $15,000; Nevads
National Bank regular quarterly, $1 "3 pei
share, amounting to $525,000: Caribou Oil Com
pany, regular monthly, 7c per share, amount,
fng to $5600; Four Oil Company, regulai
monthly, lc per share, amounting to $3000;
Kern River OH Company. 25c per share,
amounting to $5000; Union Oil Company, reg
ular quarterly, 70c ncr share. . amounting tc
$70,000: United Petroleum Company, regulai
quarterly, $1 15 per share, amounting to $16,
--882: First National Bank, semi-annual. $5;
Pacific Surety Company, quarterly, $1 50;
Western Union Telegraph Company, 1% pet
cent: American Woolen Company, 1% per cent
On the preferred stock; American Shipbuilding
Company. 1% per cent on the preferred stock;
thi Southern Pacific Company, $3 50 per share
o.r the rreferred stock.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Jan. 16—2 p. m%
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .105% lOH Us qr cp new. 130% 131%
4s qr reg. ..lo3t<jlo6 |3s qr coup. .104%1C5
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W ss. — — jo G LAH 65.108 —
Asso Oil ss. 86 — |0 W gtd sb. — —
Bay CPC 85.1C2 — I Oceanic S ss. 60 70
Cal C G 55.104%105%j0m Cable 6*121*4 —
Cal GA Eg Pac Glm 4s. — 08
m & ct ss. 53% 84%: P E Ry 55.. 1©6%*.05%
Cal-st C 55.112 — |P & C H fi5.103% —
<C C Wat ss. — 98% Pft O R 65.113 —
EdL & P 6s. — 126 IPowell-st 69. — 114%
Fft C H 6s. — — I Sac J3G&R5H.102 102%
Geary-st 55.. — 90 SF ft SJVSs. — 120%
H CftS 5%a.105 — ISlerra R 65.. — —
Do 5s 101 — IS P of A 6s
Hon R T fis.lo6 — i (19001 — —
L A Elec ss. — — j (1910) — —
LAG &Elss — — S P of C 6s
LARv5s . — — (1906)5r A.lOl 101%
LAL gtd ss. — 105%! G9OS)Sr B. — 103%
LAP Icm Ha.mi — I (1906) 104% —
Mkt-st C 6s. 113 — I (1912) 114% —
Do Icm 55.116 — ISPC 1 eg ss. — —
MV& MtTss. — 108 I Do stampd.loß% —
NRR of Cf15.103% — !s P B R 65.135 136
Do 5s 120 — IS V Wat 6a.105% —
N P C R 55.1C4% — I Do 4» 2dm. 90% —
NO Ry 55.. — — I Do 4s 3dm. — 100
NC P C 3s. — 102% Do g mtc4B 97% —
N8 R R ss. 100 — IStkn G£-E6s. 93 —
Oak T Co 6s. — — |U G ft Ess. — —
Do 5s .. .111 111%|UR of SF 4s. 87% —
% Do con 55.104% — f
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 25 — [Port Costa... — —
Marin C 0.... — 59%1s V Wat Co. 38 38%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% — (S F G ft E. 50% 51
Mutual EL.— 10%!Stkn GftE. — 5%
Pac L C 0... 58% 59%|U GA E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 i
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 132%|L Pft A 152 —
Anglo-Cal . 88 92 (Mer Trust... — 230
Bank of Cal 425 — iMerch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp.152 — IS F National — —
Frst Natlonl.3ls -350 !
PAVINGS BANKS.
Ger Sft L 2330 — |Say ft L So.. — 100
Hum SftL. — — Sec Say Bk .. — 410
Mutual Say. 100 — I Union, T Co. 2700 3300
S F Say U. 610 — }
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..202% — IPresldio — 41
Geary — 50 |
POWDER.
Giant — — IVigorlt 3 4%
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 82 — |Makaweli C. 36% —
Honckaa S C 20% — Onomea S C. 33% —
Hutch SP C 16% 17 [Paauhau SC 24 —
Kllauea S C. 4% — I *
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA. 89 — lOceanlc S Co. 4% 5%
Cal F C A. 98% 99%!Pac Aux FA. 4 —
Cal Wine A. 79% — Pac C 80rx.157 —
MVA MtTm. — 100 iPac S Tel C 0.105 110
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
70 Alaska Packers' Association... 90 OO
100 Alaska Packers' Assn. s 90 90 00
50 Hawaiian Coml ft Sugar 80 00
35 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 80 50
40 Hawaiian Coml ft Sugar 81 00
50 Hawaiian Coml ft Sugar 81 50
350 Honokaa S Co 20 00
50 Honokaa S Co 20 12%
100 Honokaa S Co 20 25
50 Hutchinson S P Co 16 00
100 Hutchinson S P Co 16 12%
50 Makaweli 34 75
80 Makaweli 35 00
50 Oceanic S S Co 5 25
360 Onomea Sugar Co 34 00
10 Onomea Sugar Co 34 25
50 Paauhau S P Co 23 00
200 Paauhau S P Co 23 50
$K.OCO Cal Gas ft El G M A C T 55.. 84 00
$3,000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge)... 100 00
$10.COO Pacific Electric Ry 5s 106 00
Street—
176 Hutchinson S P Co 16 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Association... 89 50
10 Alaska Packers' Association.. .89 25
10 Giant Powder Con 65 00
110 Hawaiian Coml ft Sugar 82 25
500 Honokaa S Co 20 50
160 Hutchinson S P Co 16 50
100 Htuchinson S P Co 16 62%
50 Hutchinson S P Co 16 75
100 Hutchinson S P Co. b 30 17 00
290 Hutchinson S P Co 17 00
10 Kllauea Sugar Plant Co 5 CO
20 Paauhau 8 P Co 23 75
825 Paauhau S P Co 24 00
100 Makaweli 36 50
70 Makaweli 35 25
20 Onomea Sugar Co 34 00
25 S F Gas ft Electric 50 62%
50 Spring Valley Water Co 38 00
$3,000 Cal Gas & El G M ft C T ss. 84 00
$1,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent.. .-.11673
$2,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent 117 00
$2,000 Spring Valley 6 per cent 105 25
$1,000 United R R of $ F 4 percent. 87 62%
Street—
$1,000 S F ft S J V 5 per cent 120 50
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6*loo — SF ft NP 58.111% —
B L Wat 6s. — 114%!S P Co 4%5.100% —
CC NW 55.. — 114 !Sun Tel 65...110 —
M C Wat ss. — 114 I Do 5s 106% —
SF Drdk 55.112 — ISuttr-st R35.104 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — 23 [Nev Nat 8k.201 —
Amer Bis Co — 90 NS R R Co. — 12%
Cal Cot Mils 80 — N Cal P Co. 0 9%
Cal GftECor. 49 — (Oak Bk Say. 125 —
Cal Powder..l3o 146 [Oak T Con.. 75 st
eal Ship Co. — 21 ,'IOOF Hall A 6% —
Cal Tlft T — 155 lOrpheum Co. — 16%
Cen Bk. Oak 65 — |PacC Cas Co. 125 —
Chutes Co .. 5 6 (Pac Bur Co.. 105 —
City ft C Bk'— 120 |Paraf Paint.. 44 —
Gyp L Imp.. — 6%|s F Drydock — 65
DptPwd pfd. — 77%lSFftSJ Coal. 17% 20
Do com ..50 — IS J Wat C 0.103% —
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — [SO ft MTfbt 125 —
Fischer Thtr — l%|Swtas-A 8k.120 —
Frnch-A 8k.105 110 (Truck Elect.. 11% 12%
Hono P Co.. 35 — j Union S Co. — 30
Do pool .. 84% — |UR InC pfd. 65 66
Lonft SF Bk 6T% — I Do com .. 17 . —
Mat Nay Co. TO — I
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board-
SO Honolulu Plantation Co. cash.. 85 00
50 Honolulu Plantation Co 35 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20-Honolulu Plantation Co 38 00
20 Honolulu Plantation Co 36 75
200 Honolulu Plantation Co 85 12%
100 Honolulu Plantation Co 35 00
50 United Ry Inv Co pfd 65 50
Street —
26 Cal Gas ft Elec Corp 50 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 28
Assd OH Co Stock Tr Cert. 28 30
Chicago Crude 24 25
Forty • 47 60
Home ••• 46 ....
JuncUon 22
Kern 6 00
Kern (new) 25
Kern River 8 25 11 00
Monte Cristo 80 85
Oil City Petroleum 70
Reed Crude 2.00 8 50
Thirty-three 6 00
Twenty-eight 12 50
AUCTION SALES
50 HEAD OF HORSES.
Saddle and drivers; some matched teams.
SMITH'S 8 ALE YARD, Haywards aye., San
Leandro. Sale commences at 11 a m., Satur
day. January 21, rain or shine. 3. N. BARRY.
Auctioneer.
<r» AUCTION TUESDAY. Jan. IT. H a.
**» m.. at 1140 FOLSOM ST. I will sell 40
head of good ALL PURPOSED HORSES, with
all kinds of WAGONS, RUBBER TIRE SUR
REYS, RUNABOUTS 3 and 4 seaters. and
70 sets HARNESS.
WM. CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
£r> ■ £p>
AUCTION SALE, WEDNESDAY. January
18, at 11 a m., ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
327 SIXTH ST.; 50 GOOD HORSES and
MARES. JOHN J. DOYLE Auctioneer.
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
11 Bonds M 00
4400 Forty Oil 46
200 Oil City Petroleum 70
4 Bonds (s 10) 86 26
Afternoon Session.
Board—
600 Home 46
1700 Home (s 90) 46
1100 Home (b 00) ... 4*
4000 Associated 20
Mining? Stocks.
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fraa
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session —Comstocks.
200 Andes 261 500 Potosi 17
600 Bullion 251 200 Savage 47
100 Best A Belch. I 10> 100 Savage 4U
100 Caledonia .... 42: 200 Savage 45
3CO Con Cal & V.l 80| 300 Union C0n.... 72
400 Mexican 2 10. 200 Utah *. 24
700 Overman 22 200 Utah 21
100 Potosi 181
Afternoon Session—Comstocks.
500 Belcher 211 300 Ophir 6 28
300 Best, A Belcn.l 061 500 Overman 20
1000 Bullion 25' 400 Savage 42
100 Caledonia .... 41' 100 Savage 43
200 Chollar 28! 500 Scorpion 25
1300 Con Cal A V.l 70 300 Sierra Nev 47
300 Crown Point.. 18| 100 Sierra Nev 48
300 Exchequer ... 55! 200 Silver Hill 68
400 Gould A Cur. 20i 20i> Union C0n.... 7S
700 Hale A Norc.l 60( 100 Utah 1»
300 Mexican 2 051 100 Utah 20
100 Ophir 6 87%| 300 Yellow Jacket. 25
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Alpha 18 18|Julia 06 09
Alta 04 0« Justice 11 I*l
Andes 24 26iKentuck 08 01
Belcher 20 211 Lady Wash ..04 03
Best A Belch.l 09 1 10|Mexican t 00 2 05
Bullion 25 26'Occidentsl ... 87 90
Caledonia .... 38 4«!Ophlr 6 12% 6 37g|
Challenge ... 21 23; Overman 20 21
Chollar 30 31 Potosi 16 17
Confidence ... 85 96, Savage 40 41
Con Cal A V.l 66 1 70: Scorpion 21 22
Con Imperial. 01 02|Seg Belcher... 06 08
Con .NY 04 OSiSlerra Nev 45 46
Crown Point.. 17 18!81Iver Hilt «S «»
E. Bierra Nev 06 — 'St. Louis 10 —
Eureka Con.. — 501 Syndicate — §1
Exchequer ... 55 58 ! Union Con 65 66
Gould & Cur. 25 26|Utah 19 20
Hale A Norc.l 60 1 GO Yellow Jacket. 24 25
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
500 Bullfrog Mm. 68i 200 Mont Ton .. .2 16
100 C. Eureka. .1 TT%i 300 Mont T0n...2 07%
1000 Dixie Mm ... 26! 1565 Mont Ton ...2 06
SCO Gold Anchor. 2811000 Orig Bullfrog. 25
500 Gold Anchor. 30 500 Orig Bullfrog. 26
2100 Goldfield Mm. 70ilC0O Red Lion ... 06
500 Goldfield Ton. 10| 1600 North Star .. 22
100 Jumbo «"<f 500 North Star .. 21
::00 Kendall 30|2000 Silver Pick .. 18
3300 Kendall 31|1000 Sylvania 20
6600 MacNamara . 28 100 Sylvania 26
3000 MacNamara . 30! 650 Ton Belmont.. 72
300 MacNamara . 29| 500 Verde 06
500 Mont Bullfrog 124 100 Verde 0T
Afternoon Session.
2500 Black Ants .. 10! 100 North Star .. 23
600 Black Butte.. 23 1 200 Orig Bullfrog. 27
1500 Black Butte.. 22:1000 Pennsylvania 18
2400 Bullfrog Mm. 65!l0,000 Pennsylvania 10
400 Bullfrog Mm. 6614400 Bed Lion 0$
1009 Dixie Mm ... 2011000 Rescue 05
1000 Gold Anchor. 2S'IOOO Rescue u6
2000 Goldfield Ton. 1011000 Sandstorm .... 50
100 Jumbo 60 500 Sylvania 28
1500 Kendall 3111500 Timber Hill .. 20
1000 Kendall 32(1000 Ton Belmont.. 74
1000 MacNamsra . 28: 200 Ton Exten . .4 (T>
2500 May Queen .. 34" 1000 Ton Gold Mt. 15
1000 May Queen .. 35!inn0 Ton Gold Mt. 13
400 Mohawk 18!1000 Ton Midway.. 34
2000 Mohawk 14< 500 Ton Midway.. 33
2000 N V Ton Con 13| 100 Ton of Nev..ll 75
3000 North Star .. 2211000 Verde 08
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District.
Bid Ask.t Bid.Ask.
Gold Anchor. 27 28' Ton A Ca1.... — 18
Jim Butler .. 40 45! Ton Cash Boy — 12
Little Ton... 35 40iTon Exten ..4 25 —
MacNamara . 27 28 Ton Midway.. 32 35
Mizpah Ex .. 05 —ITon N Star... 22 28
Mont T0n..2 06 2 07%!T0n Ohio — 25
N V Ton Con 11 13! Ton of Nev.ll 60 11 73
Rescue 08 071 West End ... IS 20
Ton Belmont.. 72 741
Goldfield District.
Adams 10 lliGoldfleld Mhk. IT 18
Black Ants .. — lOlGidfld Red L. 68 06
Black Butte.. 22 23iGoldfleld S Pit - 18
Blue Bull M. 17 —iGoldfleld Ton. — 16
Booth M Co.. 10 —IGldfleld Verde 06 00
Columbia 30 35Uumbo 66 67
Dlamondfleld. 28 30fJumbo E* ... 23 27
Dixie Mm ... 19 20lKendai: 32 *
Goldfield 88l — OSlMay Queen ..84 —
Goldfield BAB — 12|PennsyIvanla — 10
Goldfield Dmd 11 12|Red Top 16 J7
Hibernia 20 21'Pendstorm ... 49 51
Goldfield Mm. 69 72!Verr.al Mm .. 13 15
Other Distrieta.
Bui frog Mm. 64 65! Ray A O'Brien 08 09
Ctl*ban ..... — 10! Southwestern 60 —
FMnania ... 01 02<Ton Gold Mt. 13 15
Lr.ckv Tom... 03 08|Sylvania 25 —
Mont Bullfrog — 13|United Ton .. — 07
Orig Bullfrog. 25 — |
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Adams 11!3000 MacNamara .. 28
5000 Austin G M.. 3011000 Pa Goldfield.. f9
2000 Goldfield B 1 06' 500 South Eureka 40
2000 Gldfld Red L 06| 300 Ton Midway.. 33
500 MacNamara . 29' 200 Ton N Star ... 22
Afternoon Session.
500 MacNamara . 29( 100 Ton N Star... 23
1200 MacNamara . 30|
CLOSING QUOTATION.
Bid.Ask. 1 Bi«.A?k.
Adams 10 — Mont Ton.. .2 06 2 07%
Black Butte.. 21 —IN V T Con. 10 —
Blue Butl M. 24 —N V T Con M. OS —
Columbia .... — 40lOrig Bullfrog. 24 tT
Dlamondfleld. — 30|Paymaste.r ... 03 04
Esperanxa ... 01 02! Pa Goldfield.. — 10
Free Gold M. 14 —IPine Grove ..10 —
Gold Anchor. — 30 Ray Exten .. — 18
Goldfield BB! — 06|Ray A O'Brien — no
Goldfield Mm. 70 — Red Top 15 17
Gldfld Red L 05 —.Rescue 06 07
Goldfleld BPk — IS Rothwell G M 10 50
Gold Mt Con. — 02* Sandstorm ... 50 61
Hazel Kirk .. — 12iTon Belmont.. 72 7-3
Jumbo 65 —ITon Exten ..825 600
Jumbo Est .. 24 —ITon Gold Mt.. 12 15
Kendall 31 40{Ton Midway.. 32 34
Little Ton .. — 36! Ton N Star... Jl 2*?
Lucky Tom... 05 —[United Ton .. — 15
MacNamara . 80 31|West End ... 18 —
CONVICTED ROBBER AGAIN
PLACED UNDER ARREST
Fred Durkhard, Allowed to Go on His
Own Recognizance, Fails to
Keep His Promise.
Fred Durkhard was arrested yester
day by Detectives Davids and Mc-
Grayan and locked up pending action
by the District Attorney. The police
look upon Durkhard as a dangerous
character.
Durkhard, Fred Lawrence and Fred
Goodman were arrested on April 28
on a charge of robbery. They fol-
Jowed L. Kessler to his room in the
new Franklin Hotel on Pacific street,
beat and robbed him. Lawrence and
Goodman pleaded guilty and were
each sentenced to serve ten years in
San Quentin.
Durkhard pleaded not guilty and
was tried and convicted by a Jury. On
September 13 a motion for a new trial
was denied- On October 5, when he
appeared for sentence, his
promised that he would be sent to sea
in a deepwater vessel, whereupon the
Judge suspended sentence and allowed
him to go on his own recognisance.
The police say Durkhard remained
in the city. Thty are satisfied he has
committed several crimes, but he has
been shrewd enough to cover up his
tracks. Judge Dunne wlf! be asked to
pass sentence at once.
Severe winter weather begins in Si
beria early in October. Ice oftaa re
mains in the rivers until July.
1516
KILLS SALOON MAN
IN A JEALOUS RAGE
William Nyberg Is Murdered
Siaator of Divorced Wife Shoots
Dowm Her Former Hmslbainid.
In a dispute over a divorced woman
William Peterson, a longshoreman,
shot and lnstantlly killed William Ny
berg; a saloon-keeper, yesterday at a
rooming-house. 231 Third street. The
woman over whom the' trouble arose
was formerly the wife of the murdered
man.
•. Peterson had threatened the woman
that if she received visits from her
former husband or any other man he
would make trouble. On January 1
he entered Mrs. Nyberg's room flour
ishing a revolver. She had him ar
rested for assault with a deadly weap
on. The charge was reduced to one
of .exhibiting a deadly weapon. After
serving a day's imprisonment Peter
son was discharged Sunday with the
understanding he was to leave town.
• Instead of keeping his word Peterson
went back to the rooming-house
where Mrs. Nyberg lived and attempt
ed tb see her. She called for a police
man and Peterson left muttering
threats. He remained in the house
until yesterday afternoon, when, ac
companied by Oscar Laido, a < sailor.
Nyberg called there. At the head of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[VOSEj
I A Piano that m
h strikes a chord j
I of perfect har- \(l
\l mony in the |
praises of ail I
critical pianists. |
We arc Vosc Agents
|»«iCURTAZwoii
; I6,OTarrellsaiJ \
1 San Jose-Alameda-Fresno 1
REPORT
OF THE CONDITION OF
The Nevada National Bank
AT SAN FRANCISCO, IN THE STATE OF
California, at the close of business. January
11, 1906:
RESOURCES.
Loans and Discounts $ 5.174.609 11
Overdrafts, secured and unsecured 36,050 21
V. S. Bonds to secure circulation 3,000,000 00
U. S. Bonds to secure U. S. de
posits 240.000 uO
U. S. Bonds on hand 80,000 00
Premiums on U. S. Bonds 140,318 93
Bondti, securities, etc 1,554,543 76
Banking house furniture and fix
tures 353,350 00
Due from National Banks (not
reserve agents) 1,262,793 40
•Due from State Banks and Bank
ers 1,167,717 94
Due from approved reserve agents 391,139 70
Customers' liability under letters
of credit, etc 2,561,632 44
Exchanges for clearing-house 297,214 03
Notes of other National Banks.. 100,000 00
Fractional paper currency, nickels
and cents 1,047 05
Lawful money reserve in bank,
viz.:
Specie $2,880,036
Legal-tender notes 40,000
2,929.936 00
Redemption fund with I.'. S.
Treasurer (5 per cent of circu
lation) 150.000 00
Dv" from O, S. Treasurer, other
than 5 per cent redemption fund 2 50
Total $19,440,355 07
LIABILITIES.
Capital stock paid in $ 3,000,000 00
Surplus fund 1.500,000 00
Undivided profits, less expenses
snd taxes paid 158.636 83
National Bank notes outstanding. 3.000,000 CO
Due to other National Bank* 441,040 29
Due to State Banks and Hankers. 986]3H2 80
Due to Trust Companies and Sav
ings Banks 3,396.942 21
Dlvtdends unpaid 53.235 00
Individual deposits subject 'to
check 3,648.257 26
Demand certificates of deposit... 286,687 11
Certified ch#cks 4l!«5l 43
Cashier's checks outstanding 126,348 81
United States deposits 240,000 00
Letters of credit, domestic, for
e's", etc 2,561,632 44
Liabilities other than those above
stated 620 87
Total $19,440.355 07
State of California. County of San Francisco—
t. GEO. GRANT, Cashier of the above
named bank, do solemnly swe*r that the
above statement is true to the best of my
knowledge and belief. y
■ _ <w J GEO. GRANT. Cashier.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 16th
day of January. 1905.
aV. MEININGER. Notary Public.
Correct —Attest:
LEON SLOSS,
F. W. VAN SICKLEN.
J. F. BIGELOW.
Directors.
I Seed Talk
■ Complete and reliable informa
■ tlon and advice on seeds, planting
9 S 1 ?-,' J, ?„ our new - amply and beautl
-1 1905 llluBtrated annual catalogue.
jH Mailed free on request,
2 ALL SEEDS FOR FARM AND
■ GARDEN.
I Fruit Trees and Ornamental Plants
I COX SEED CO.
1 411. 413, 41S Sansome Strast,
JOE POHEIM,
• THE TAILOR.
Finest Perfed-Rtting Clothes at
Lowest Prices.
801 Montgomery St.. Oor. Bnsh.
1110 and Ilia Market UU S. 3T.
CARTERS! CURE SICK HEADACfiE 
little Genuine Musi Bear
PILLa! Fao-Simile Signature
the stairway they met Peterson. In
a conciliatory manner Nyberg - sug
gested that they declare their differ
ences off.' Peterson turned on his heel
and walked away without a word.
Thereupon Laido and Nyberg went
into Mrs. Nyberg's room. Laido saw
that Peterson lurked in the hallway
for a while and then disappeared
toward the rear of the building. After
chatting a few moments with the wo
man and Mrs. Nellie Brown, Nyberg
walked down the hallway to a porch
in*the rear.
Here he opened a door and was sur
prised to find Peterson on the other
side of it. Peterson at once drew a
revolver and before Nyberg could ut
ter a word fired twice. Nyberg threw
up his arms and fell over backward,
dead. Both bullets entered Nyberg's
head.
Holding the smoking pistol in his
hand Peterson ran through the hall
way. A. B. Carleton, a carpenter who
had seen the shooting, was running
out of the house to give the alarm.
"Stop." shouted Peterson. "If you
try to report me I'll shoot you, too."
Carleton dodged back out of range
of the pistol and Peterson ran into the
street .and made good his escape.
The troubles of the Nybergs have
been aired In the Police Courts on sev
eral occasions. When Peterson was in
Judge Mogan's court last Friday the
ex-husband of the woman told the
Judge that Peterson had once shot at
him through a transom and had fre
quently threatened to kill him. Judge
Mogan advised the saloon-keeper to
swear out a warrant for the man's ar
rest. But Nyberg declined to take the.
advice, saying that he would get a pis
tol and take care of himself. When
Mrs. Nyberg appeared in court to pros
ecute Peterson she received a severe
talking to from Judge Mogan regard
ing her notions of morality. When
seen shortly after the shooting yester
day the woman denied that she had en
couraged the attentions of Peterson.
She became hysterical when she learn
ed that her former husband had been
killed. The woman at the bottom of
the sordid Zolaesque tragedy is in no
way attractive.
Had not Peterson's aim been true A.
B. Carleton. the only witness of the
murder, might have been hit by one of
the bullets. He was working on the
porch w here the tragedy occurred, and*
directly in range of Peterson's revolver.
According to him. Peterson came out
on the porch in an angry mood and,
going into a toilet room, slammed the
door. Shortly afterward Nyberg came
out and c-pened the door. At once came
the two shots.
Detectives Cody and Fitzgerald are
searching for the murderer, but up to
a late hour last night had found no
trace of him. Peterson is about 27
years old, five feet six Inches in height
and has a sandy mustache.
ATTORNEY J. J. DWYER
STILL BEFORE COMMISSION
Both Sessions of Dunsmnir Will Case
Are Taken Up With Testimony
of Expert.
The contest over the Dunsmuir mil
lions is still going on actively before
Commissioner Bennett. Attorney J. J.
Dwyer, the expert in probate law,
called by the defense, was the only |
witness at both sessions yesterday. He I
was questioned closely by Charles S. I
Wheeler, attorney for the defendant, I
rcparding the code and was called
upon to cite many cases supporting it.
Expert Dwyer will again go on the
stand at 11 o'clock this morning for
further examination by Attorney
Wheeler. The examination will be
continued for two hours. The attor
ney for the plaintiffs, Sir Charles H.
Tupper, E. V. Bodwell, Judge E. P. j
Coyne and Alexander Heynemann, i
will take Expert Dwyer in hand for j
cross-examination during the after- j
noon session. Some interesting fact.s |
will undoubtedly be elicited during
this session.
Edna Wallace Hopper, the princi- |
pal in the fight for the millions, whs ;
expected to appear upon tlie scene j
yesterday, but the train arrive! too]
late to permit her to get there. She j
will probably be on hand thi3 morn- j
ing to listen to the delicate leg.tl !
questions upon which so much now |
depends regarding the validity or the !
invalidity of Alexander Dunsmuir s
will.
Pyrography Outfits
And all kinds of artist materials, paints, |
brushes, canvas, studies and skins and'
wood to burn. We are agents for .Wln
sor <fc Newton, makers of the best artist
materials in the world. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. *
Drunken Parents Beat Children.
Robert and Mary Fish of 424 Gold
en Gate avenue were taken into cus
tody yesterday evening by Officers W.
H. Young and M. J. White of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children. When the officers, who had
been summoned by the neighbors, ar
rived at the house they found the
father stretched out on the floor,
dead drunk, and the mother in an ad
joining room beating the couple's
seventeen-months-old twins. The 1
children, a boy and a girl, were sent I
to the Detention Home of the society, j
Trachoma is granulated Eyelids. Mu
rine Eye Remedy cures this and other
Eye troubles, makes weak Eyes strong. •
Thief Robs Notre Dame Convent.
The Notre Dame College at Six
teenth and Dolores streets was en
tered last night by a btwglar. who
broke the window in gaining entrance.
He then rifled the telephone box of $5
and stole $35 from one of the sisters'
rooms. A sister who was sleeping In
the room was awakened by the prowl
er and she frightened him off. The
affair was reported to the police
Sss some of the swell advertiaing we are pro
ducing. Edward Knowles Co., 24 Second st. •
Officers Are Elected.
The Mercantile Library Association
held an election of officers yesterday
Following are the men selected- Pr*s
ident, D. E. Miles; vice president
George K. Fitch; treasurer, Dr F j
Lane; secretary. Latham McMullin! J
The following were elected trustees !
Pelham W. Ames, Jbhn C. Currier C '
K. Bonestell, John S. Drum and Web- '<
ster Jones.
*u Ta m le d ' hot e lunch, with wine, 40c, at
the Terrace Garden, 127 Mason st. •
DRUMMER SUES RAILtfIOAD. A. O
Prouty. a commercial traveler, yesterday sued
the Hants Fe Railroad Company for tlnoo
damages for Injury to his trade alleged to have
th Li , ° ,d,n,r of hiß bag-
weighing 800 pounds, at Albuquerque,
N. M , while he made a side trip Into Texas!
Tne trunks, he says, were supposed to follow
him and by .the mistake they we« kept from
him for six days. X
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1905.
SHOW HOUSES
MUST OBEY
ORDINANCE
Three of the Ten-Cent Places
Are Closed by the Board of
Public Works at the Insti
gation of the Grand Jurors
FLAGRANTLY LACKING
IN FIRE PROTECTION
Attention of Commissioners
Is Called to Neglect to
Observe Law and Drastic
Steps Are at Once Taken
The activities of Foreman T. P. An
drews, E. J. Bowes and W. G. Staf
ford of the Grand Jury were shifted
yesterday from investigation of police
protection in Chinatown to fire protec
tion in the 10-cent showhouses. Com
missioners Aigeltinger, Maestretti and
Egan of the Board of Public Works
were invited to Join in the Inspection,
and the- three theaters visited during
the afternoon —the Baldwin, the Nov
elty and the Unique—were unanimous
ly condemned as far from complying
with the ordinances calculated to In
sure safety to the patrons. At the con
clusion of the performances last night
they were ordered closed by Chief
Wittman, by direction of the Board of
Public Works.
The jurors demanded that the show
houses be shut down yesterday after
noon after their visit, but the Com
missioners refused to take action until
they had deliberated and consulted
counsel. Every Commissioner ex
pressed himself as convinced, how
ever, that there was flagrant viola
tion of the regulations in each In
stance.
Notice was also served on the Cineo
graph on Market street last night by
the Commissioners, Independently of
Grand Jury suggestion. The house
had been closed for several days, how
ever. The other show-places are to be
visited by the grand jurors and the
Commissioners on Wednesday after
noon. It Is believed that there are
some of them that must go out of busi
ness urjtll the ordinances are complied
with.
UP TO WITTMAN.
Commissioners Aigelttnger and Egan,
who have just been appointed to
the board, explained that they had not
yet had time to look into the theater
conditions and what they saw was a
revelation to them. Maestretti said he
had not known of the violations of the
regulations, no reports having come to
him from the inspectors. There was
no dissenting voice among them as to
the rigorous course that should be
pursued.
It developed that the Novelty and
Upique theaters have been running for
several months, notwithstanding the
Board of Public Works refused to issue
permits to them because they had not
fulfilled the requirements of the ordi
nance.
"Why were they allowed to con
tinue?" was asked.
"That question is up to Chief Witt
man of the Police Department," an
swered Maestretti. "The board is not
supposed to do police duty. We dis
approved of these two showhouses and
denied them permits and that is all
MAItKS BROS.
Big Clearance
Specials for To-Day
KIMONA. LIKE CUT, comes Id ALL
SIZES and ALL COLORS.
CHILDREN'S COATS In this lot will be
$« found costs that have
I tJll »?'d .up to $3.00;
l</W sises tto 14 years.
WOMEN'S WAISTS In this lot sre waists
A\ 0\ that are worth 65c, 75c
f\\ \f* and 98c; dotens of
styles to select from.
IANNELETTE PETTICOATSI l^rS
a com* in all
\w\f* colors; deep
flounce scal
loped In silk.
WALK NG SKIRTS Here is s lot of skirts
gt% s% as that are worth $4.00;
%iJ J made with FULL
ipmZr*mr*J plaited bottom.
WHITE SKIRT, like cut. made with deep
flounce, trimmed with three rows of
Torchcn Insertion and Tucks, finished
with ruffle of Torchon Lace; an extra
deep dust ruffle.
MARKS BROS.
The Home of Honest Values.
1220-1224 Market* Streets.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ry- - '
...An Unprecedented Tribute to the High Quality 0f...
MOET ®> CHANDON
"White Seal" Champagne
According to Custom House statistics
compiled by the acknowledged authori
ties, S. G. Allaire & Son, 3 S. William St.,
New York, and Bonfort's Wine and Spirit
Circular, New York, the importations of
Moet & Chandon Champagne for the
year 1904 into the United States were
127,783 Cases
exceeding all other brands and breaking
all records.
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO., - - San Francisco,
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS FOR
Moet & Chandon" WHITE SEAL" and BRUT IMPERIAL Champagnes
our department had to do with the
matter."
The Grand Jury has had a detective
at work for several days examining
the Interiors of the three showhouses.
He made a report, and yesterday af
ternoon subpenas were quietly issued
on the members of the Board of Pub
lic Works. It was decided at once to
set out on the tour of inspection. The
first place visited was the Baldwin on
Market street. This showhouse has
been a favorite subject fqr Grand Jury
investigation. The former Inquisitorial
body was led to make inquiry as to
how Abe Ruef came to purchase his
interest in it.
MANY DEFECTS FOUND.
The faults found with it yesterday
were that there was a lodging-house
overhead; that the partitions in the
dressing-rooms are of wood; that the
walls of the proscenium arch are
built of wood; that the girders sup
porting the stage are of wood; that
there are no ventilators over the stage;
that there are no Iron grooves for
the asbestos curtain to slide in; that
there are no courts on each side of
the building to the street, with exits
to them from the auditorium and the
stage; that in the auditorium there
are more than six seats in a row be
tween the aisles, there being as many
as nine in some rows; that the seats
are only twenty-eight inches from
back to back* whereas they should be
thirty-two Inches apart; . that the two
stairways leading to the gallery are of
wood; that the gallery is not con
structed of fire-proof material; that
the ceiling Is not of fire-proof material,
and that the basement is used for
storage purposes.
In al! these instances, it was demon
strated, the ordinance was not com
plied with.
The Novelty Theater on Powell street j
had only one ventilator over the stage, i
the ordinance requiring two; the stair
ways were constructed of wood;, the
well of the proscenium arch was not
of brick; in the dressing-rooms and
other construction where fireproof ma
terials are required there was only a
covering of zinc.
AN ARCH OF PAPER.
At the Unique the proscenium arch I
was a false construction of paper; there
were no stage ventilators to draw
flames away from the audience. In
stead of fireproof construction about
the place there were only coverings of
asbestos paper and zinc. There were
large, ample exits, several water bar
rels about and plenty of hose In place.
The proprietors explained that at a
heavy expense over a year ago they
had fitted the place up to comply with
the demands of 'the Board of Public
works and its inspectors? But the
Jurors and the present Commissioners ;
declared that the ordinance was on the i
books to be obeyed and that there could
be no such thing as making a theater I
what would be reasonably regarded
safe in the opinion of the Board of
Public Works.
The showhouses closed last night
were as If struck by a oolt from the
blue sky. They complain that the reg
ulations made for theaters wlt,h a
capacity for l&OO or 2000 auditors are
not reasonably applied to the small
places where there are no larger audi
ences than 500 persons. They declare
that If the regulation against having
a lodging-house in the same building
were enforced stringently the Califor
nia would be compelled to shut its
doors because the hotel Is In the same
building and that the Columbia would
have to do likewise, for the floors above
It are devoted to a lodging-house.
New York Capitalist Very Ill.
P. J. Glldermeister, a wealthy busi
ness man of New York City, who was j
recently removed from the Palace Ho- ,
tel to the McNutt Hospital, where he j
submitted to an operation, will proba- i
bly die. Several days ago his son was j
summoned from New York and short- j
ly after his arrival here his father be- |
gan sinking. Last night Glldermeis
ter was reported to be very low and 1
the attending physicians had little
hope that he would survive the night.
It in no easy to take Plao'ft Care, j
for a cough, and be relieved and cured. 25c. •
MATADOR FROM
MADRID JAILED
Enrico Robles Arrested on
a Warrant From Paso Ro
bles, but Later Released
4
Enrico Robles, who says he is the
champion bullfighter of Madrid, Spain,
occupied a cell at the City Prison yes
terday waiting the arrival of Constable
R. W. Gavno from Paso Robles, San
Luis Obispo County, where he is want
ed on a charge of obtaining property by
false pretenses. It was while giving an
exhibition of bullfighting at Paso Ro
bles in October, 1903, that the alleged
crime was committed.
After leaving Paso Robles the bull
fighter came here and advertised that
he would give an exhibition at Point
Richmond. It proved a fiasco, as the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals interfered.
Robles was not heard of again till
the night of January 6, when, prior to
the wrestling match between Jenkins
and Carkeek at Woodward's Pavilion,
he stepped upon the platform and was
Introduced by "Billy" Jordan as "the
champion bullfighter from Madrid."
This led to his arrest.
Constable Gayno read in the papers
of Robles' introduction to the audience
at the Pavilion. He then wrote to Chief
Wlttman that he held a warrant for
Robles' arrest on a charge of obtain
ing property by false pretenses. Yes
terday afternoon Policeman Harry
Hook picked him up on O'Farrell
street.
Robles says he does not know why
he was arrested. He lived at a hotel at
Paso Robles for a week and paid his
bill, $15 or $20, he forgets which* He
understands it is alleged that he gave
a check which was worthless, but he
declares he never gave a check to any
'one. He is afraid his arrest will spoil
his proposed exhibition here, advertised
to take place in a few days.
Morris Levy, his manager, called at
the Hall of Justice and got Police
Judge Fritz to release Robles on $25
cash bail pending the arrival of the
constable from Paso Robles.
Sailors' Protective Society.
As a result of a controversy over rep
resentation on the board of an existing
institution articles of incorporation
were filed yesterday by the Sailors'
Protective Society. Its announced pur
pose is to relieve the sick, shipwrecked,
destitute or needy seamen; promote
their moral, material and intellectual
condition and to maintain homes, li
braries and gymnasiums for the use of
the beneficiaries. Eleven directors are
named as follows: Eleanor Hyde
Smith, Marianna Z. Loughborough,
Mary M. Mellis, Mary Deane, Mary A.
Carr, Mary G. Garety, Mary J. White,
Alice P. Sullivan. Gartrude M. Gar
ceau. Bertha L. Welch and Emille Ha
ger Deane. George A. Connolly is the
attorney.
Loan Sues for Broken Ribs.
Albert H. Lean, masseur and physi-
I cal culture director ,at the Olympic
I Club, yesterday filed a suit, for $6000
damages against the 'Standard Elec
trical Construction Company. On Jan
. vary 17, 1903, the company was en-
I gaged in installing an elevator In the
j club building. In prosecuting the
I work a trap door in one of the passages
! was left open. Lean had no warning
j and walked into the hole. His fail re
i suited in a couple of broken ribs and
I other injuries for which he demands
pay ' . » .
SATS WOMAN ROBBED HIM.—E. D. Oli
ver, a guest at the Russ House, reported to
the police yesterday that a woman stole from
his pocket four silver certificates of the value
of $10 each. He said he met the woman
early yenterday morning on Montgomery
street end after they had visited several
places unknown to him she left him. A few
minutes later he missed the silver certificates.
MISSION GRAMMAR SCHOOL
SENDS OUT GRADUATES
Fall Term Clones With Simple Exer
cises and Awarding of
Diplomas.
The class of Miss Jeannette Hill
man graduated from the Mission
Grammar School at the conclusion of
the fall term. The exercises accom
panying the graduation were simple
and heartily enjoyed by the friends
and relatives of the class members.
The following are the honorary
graduates: Alma Stozenwald, winner
of the Denman medal; Aaron Fried
man, winner of the Bridge medal;
Mary Fort. Gladys Roberts, Roy Crites,
Frances Oberg, Alma Tregallo and
Hattie Rathbun.
The other graduates are:
Violet Strel. Fred Hillens, Harry Johnsen,
Grace Masi, Irma Hauerken, Elinor Johnson,
Hattie Bray, Lizzie Cacciart. Albert Escude,
Tlllie Retussnig. Frank Duley. Lillian Mac
dcna'd. Olive Kelton. John Porter, Louise An
derson. Elsie Hoegeman. Reginald Murray,
Raymond Doran. Frances Moran, Florence
Bohn, Anna Hartwig.
Pioneer Woman Dies.
Mrs. Samuel C. Harding, relict of
Samuel C. Harding, whose annual
Christmas collections for the La
dies' Protective and Relief • So
ciety was one of the holiday
features in San Francisco a gen
eration ago, died Sunday morning at
her late residence, 1415 Taylor street,
which has been her home for nearly
half a century. Mrs. Harding was a
native of Liverpool, England, and
came to California in 1849. She was
one of the earliest members of Grace
Cathedral, being a continuous mem
ber for more than fifty years. On
March 1. 1869. by a vote of the board
of managers she was elected a life
member of the Ladies' Protection and
Relief Society, in which charity she
unostentatiously manifested contin
ual interest. She leaves a son and a
daughter.
Wants Personal Property.
Edith King Davis, the daughter of
Julia M. Norris, the widow of Starr
King, yesterday petitioned the Pro
bate Court for the distribution to her
of the personal property bequeathed
to her In her mother's will. It consists
of jewelry, plate, household furniture
and silverware of a value of $43,975.
The petition says that a bond for the
distribution will be given to Edith
Boswell King, administratrix of the
estate.
_____ _ ADVERTISEMENTS.
A toothsome confection
flff?7 i tnat nourishes while it
J| \ pleases and strength-
ens while it charms.
€9 WB& confectioners' and
«o o » .«. - —» grocers', jt jt j*
HALL FOLLOWS
HIS FATHER
Son of a Supposed Victim
. of San Rafael Sinking
Disappears Mysteriously
Robert Hall, twenty years old, sane
snd sober, came to San Francisco on
December 16 with seventy dollars in
his pocket, some of which he was to
Fay H. V. Morehouse for legal serv
ices on behalf of his mother. Then he
was to take the boat for San Rafael
to visit an uncle, Patrick Cassidy. He
never went to the lawyer's offlce, and
Uncle Cassidy waited in vain. From
that day to this there have been no
tidings of Robert Hall. A letter
which had been mailed'by him at the
ferry building on December 16 was re
ceived by his mother, Mrs. Catherine
P.. Hall, at Sacramento. That was the
last clew he left as to his whereabouts!
The disappearance of this young
man is doubly interesting, because i-i
1901 his father. Alexander Hall, drop
ped from sight very much in the same
manner. He left his home in Sacra
mento to visit the same uncle, Patrk k
Cassidy, in San Rafael. He also
mailed at the ferry depot a letter to
his wife. It is presumed that he took
passage on the ferry boat San Refuel
for the train on which lie had left
Sacramento arrived at the ferry build
ing In time to allow him to take that
boat. Or. that trip the ferry steamer
Sausalito collided with and sank the
San Refael. No one who knew Hall
happened to be on the boat; no one on
the dock saw him go aboard, for he
was a stranger in this city. No body
identifled as his was ever found, yet
Judge de Haven a few weeks ago
awarded the widow and the minor
childen damages for his death, believ
ing the circumstances sufficient proof
that he was a victim of the collision.
There is a strange coincidence be
tween the fading away of the son and
of the father. Mr. Cassidy visited the
police and the Coroner yesterday and
told the story of the young man's dis
appearance.