VOLUME XCVII—NO. 42.
FLINT WILL PROBABLY WIN FIGHT FOR TOGA
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 10.—George Hatton, Senator George C. Perkins' political director, arrived here to-night on the 7:30 o'clock train and went quietly to apartments that had been engaged
for him. Late this evening he was called into a caucus ef Fisk's forces. For some time the situation was discussed and then the agreement was reached that to-morrow morning a majority of
Fisk's supporters, at least, wilj enter the Flint caucus and will probably carry others with them. At a late hour to-night Walter Parker, Flint's most active lieutenant, said that he had secured
more than enough names to the caucus call to insure Flint's election on the first ballot to-morrow, and that at noon Frank P. Flint would be declared the legally elected United States Senator to
succeed Thomas R. Bard, the incumbent.
Fisk's Votes Are to Be Cast for Southern Man To-Day
FLINT'S MEN
SEE VICTORY
: CLAIM NEW RECRUITS
♦ ■
Candidate in Hiding While
Backers Are at Work.
r. Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10.—The Flint
tnen were elated when their candidate,
true to the assertion of the Reuf dele
gation, developed the strength of 47
votes on the first ballot. They were
busy as bees about the Golden Eagle
lobby and in their candidate's head
quarters, congratulating each other on
the result of the ballot and the victory
that appeared to them to be at hand.
"There was a scramble of politicians
who had been teetering in the fight to
get next to the man who seemed about
to step into Bard's place. The hands
of the Flint men were wrung until they
ached and the elevator boy shed honest
perspiration as he worked the rope in
. carrying Flint's permanent friends and
his newly developed admirers up and
down the shaft.
CANDIDATE DISAPPEARS.
Candidate Flint escaped the rush and
many a glad handshake intended for
him never landed. Not long after the
.Assembly had adjourned he disap
peared. Late in the afternoon it was
announced at his headquarters that he
wa6 indisposed and had retired to his
private apartments. Early in the night
It was given out that he had gone to
bed. Except for some of the Los An
geles boosters and the polite colored
man who Is ever on duty there, the
■> headquarters were deserted long before
midnight.
Whether Candidate Flint had gone to
bed or whether he was In consultation
\vith Ruef and his other supporters is
not known. He was, at any rate, not
et his headquarters during the night.
John Mott of Los Angeles, one of the
men who has stayed close to Flint dur
ing most of the time he has been here,
was the only person whp seemed au
thorized to make a statement for Flint,
and all he would venture was that the
"Senatorial aspirant had gone to bed.
AGAIN GO TO WORK.
With the first exultation over, the
practical Flint men settled down to
work again. Having been in the game
before, they knew that a man is not
elected when he is fourteen shy of the
right number. In fact, the fourteen
made therifall the more nervous. They
• began to evince a desire to shut out
competition, to close the affair up while
the goal was in reach, and before any
rival could bring about a situation that
(would be dangerous.
Work was begun at once on every
anti-Flint man whose adhesion to the
candidate for whom he had cast his
vote was not strong. There were some
who had not voted for Flint who were
really for him, and some who were
ready to jump any way the victory
seems certain.
Flint workers of the practical sort
were untiring during the afternoon and
toward evening a movement to secure
a caucus of 60 and declare Flint its
nominee was begun. Senator Hahn
circulated a roll call and It began to
fill rapidly with the men who had voted
for Flint, but 60 names were not ob
tained. The most the Flint supporters
claimed as agreeing to go into caucus
was 62, an alleged gain of 5 for the
Los Angeles man through the prose
lyting and the accession of any who
had determined to go over to Flint or
the leader after the first ballot. The
Claim of the Flint people is that 47
were actually present at the caucus.
Friends of the other candidates claimed
that the total number of on the
call was only 47 and but 31 were ac
tually present at the caucus.
GATHER FOR CAUCUS.
. The gathering lasted but a few min
.utes and was adjourned on the state
ment that it was desired to learn the
results of the caucuses then being held
by the supporters of other candidates.
The caucus was first called for 8
o'clock, then for 8:30, then for 9. To
ward the latter hour there were not
more than twenty legislators In the
Assembly chamber and some of these
were suporters of candidates other
than Flint, who had remained up to
the hour of the caucus to finish work.
Senator Hahn railed the gathering to
order. Assemblyman Bliss acted as
chairman and Assemblyman Houser as
secretary. Senator Hahn announced
from the floor that the eighteen men
then in caucus wanted the larger one
to go over until 9 o'clock the next
morning. The assembled legislators
then adjourned to the hour named and
the hotel lobbies were soon full of Flint
voters again.
The Flint men claimed to-night that
six of the Fisk votes had come over to
their candidate. They would give no
names. Some claims were made by
men not authorized to speak for leg
islators who, upon being interviewed,
declared they did not intend to change
their votes. It is pretty certain that
these six will change to Flint to-mor
row: Welsh, Amerige, Held, Jarvis,
McQowan and Pfaeffle. McGowan will
change on the second ballot and all the
others on the first. The following also
will change to Flint, bo some of his
—
THE WEATHER.
Fmotft mad* at San Franc! soo for
So~hour* «ndln* midnight, January 11:
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair
Wednesday; fresh north wind*.
a. a. Moxora,
District Forecaster.
*
supporters claim: Burge, Rush, Bates,
Coyle, Duryea, Espey, Gans, Gates.
Tucey, McNamara and Mitcheltree.
RUEF AND STONE AID.
At the caucus of the Ruef men this
morning it took but a short time to
give the word for Flint. When the dele
gation got down to the sidewalk Can
didate Flint was there and he was soon
surrounded by the bunch, each of whom
received a handshake from the man
they hoped to make Senator.
One of the secrets revealed since to
day's ballot is that General George
Stone has been working all the time
for Flint. The general Is happy over
the situation and it is said that in case
of Flint's victory he will ba, one of the
first men to be rewarded.
"Stand Pat" is the slogan of George
A. Knight. He says that he can see
no signs of victory for Flint and that
he Is going to remain in till the decid
ing ballot is cast. Knight said further
that he had gathered his forces to
gether and that he had absolute assur
ances that there were no deflections
from his camp, though Flint's lieuten
ants show the signatures on their cau
cus papers of a few of Knight's men.
Judge Dibble, who is managing Knight's
fight, said he had seen harder battles
won, and they have got to show him
more than they have before he will
hoist the white flag and capitulate.
SPECULATION ON FISK.
"Stand pat" Is also the watchword of
Arthur G. Fisk's forces. Fisk was
busy rounding up his forces to-night
and addressing them on the situation
at two separate meetings. He was in
formed that Flint's men claimed they
had taken from him some of the pillars
of support, but he would have none of
it. He claimed positively that his forces
would standby him until he was elect
ed or released them from their obliga
tion. Fisk's forces will meet again at
8 o'clock in the morning.
"You know I can elect Flint at a
word." he said. "But while this is true
I am not going to do it. We are going
to stand pat."
Withal the situation here to-night is
most interesting. Flint's confidence
does not outshine the confidence of the
supporters of Bard, Knight and Fisk
in their contention that he has a hard
er road yet to travel than he imagines. I
Oxnard's letter arrived at a time and
was worded in a manner that caused
much speculation as to just what his
next move would be, every man here
being aware of his skill as a manipu
lator —skill that proved successful in
Washington in the game of politics
played with men of much greater ex
perience than those that compose the
California Legislature.
Fisk's position is attracting the most
attention, however. While it is admit
ted that a majority of his followers are
standing by him through motives of
personal friendship, it does not follow
that they will move into any other
camp at his bidding. Though Fisk re
marked that he could elect Flint at any
minute he desired, If such desire should
seize him, there are-some that disagree
with him, saying that his following will
Continued on Page 3, Column 8.
THE San Francisco CALL
GEORGE A. KNIGHT GETS "BRICK"
ABE RUEF ACTS AS THE MESSENGER OF THE RAILROAD
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10.—Signs at a
late hour to-night are indications of
Frank P. Flint's flection to the office
of United States Senator to-morrow
and yet several of the expert poli
ticians predict that the Los Angeles
candidate may fail in his efforts to
reach the winning post. It was fore
shadowed in The Call this morning
that the Ruef bunch of the San Fran
cisco delegation would go to Flint. The
prediction was verified and Flint's de
velopment of forty-seven votes did not
come as a surprise to the students of
the situation. There was a falling off
in the estimated strength of the Bard
column, yet the Junior Senator ranked
next to the leader in the balloting.
The "sentiment in favor of a southern
man will count much in Flint's favor
in future balloting.
There would be no surprise if Sen
ator C. B. Green well oft Santa Bar
bara who voted to-day for Senator
Bard should join the Flint fbrces to
morrow. It is also almost certain
that Senator Richard J. Welch of San
Francisco, who voted to-day for John
D. Daly, will cast his vote to-morrow
for Flint. Bard, Knight and Fisk are
endeavoring to hold their respective
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1905.
CANDIDATES FOR THE HONOR OF REPRESENTING CALIFORNIA AS JUNIOR UNITED STATES SENATOR WHO YESTER
DAY RECEIVED THE GREATEST NUMBER OF VOTES IN THE BATTLE FOR THE TOGA NOW BEING WAGED AT
SACRAMENTO AMONG THE LEGISLATORS OF THE GOLDEN STATE.
RESULT OF THE FIRST BALLOT
FRANK P. FLINT . - 47 GEORGE A. KNIGHT - - 20
THOMAS R. BARD 22 ARTHUR G. FISK 19
THEODORE BELL - - - - 8
columns unbroken. The Flint men,
encouraged by initial advantages, are
making the most vigorous efforts to
achieve further success. The Repub
lican caucus called by the Flint man
agers to-night was not decisive, but the
caucusing will be renewed at 9 o'clock
to-morrow. There are many indications
that a sufficient number of votes will
be eliminated from Bard, Knight and
Fisk to settle the contest in Flint's
favor.
A peculiar phase of the situation to
night is the "appeal of the Bard, Fisk
and Knight forces to Henry T. Oxnard.
While Oxnard was not voted for in the
balloting to-day, the fact is recognised
that he controls votes, and it is broad
ly hinted that he controls a sufficient
number to, prevent the election of Flint.
It is positively known that he can pre
vent several Assemblymen from going
into any caucus. A soutMern leader
made the remark to-night: "Oxnard
holds the key to the situation."
It transpires that Flint was Oxnard's
manager in the south until a few days
before he (Flint) entered the contest
at the suggestion of Walter Parker,
Henry T. Oage and J. W. McKinley.
There is not the best of feeling between
Oxnard and Flint. Walter Parker, the
leader and chief manager of the Flint
forces, is to-night directing his energies
to an attempt to break into the Fisk
camp. It is the judgment of onlookers
that Fisk, backed by Charles H. Spear,
president of the Harbor Commission
ers, cannot hold out against the as
saults of Ruef. Walter Parker and
John C. Lynch.
. George A. Knight received his gold
brick from with a greater de
gree of composure than was antici
pated. Politicians who are on the in
side say that the employment of Ruef
to deliver the souvenir was an act of
cruelty to Knight.
The orator's gilded package will be
carefully wrapped ■in the letter which
he received from Senator Perkins and
on the outer fold the words "hands off"
will be printed. Knight is still anxious
ly awaiting a reply to the message
which he wired yesterday to his friend.
Senator George C. Perkins.
The report is deemed authentic that
Senator Lukens of Alameda will attend
the big caucus in the Assembly cham
ber at 9 to-morrow forenoon. He was
in San Francisco to-day saying good
by to his father and mother, who sailed
for a trip around the world. When
the first ballot for Senator took place
HOPE STILL HIGH IN
BARD CAMP.
Gerberding States That He Has Assur
ances of an Increased Following.
Governor Pardee is accredited with
the impartiality of bestowing the fa
vors of the Alameda delegation on Sen
atorship like the dews of heaven—alike
on the just and unjust.
Walter Parker, the chief manager for
the Flint column, said at midnight: "I
have a sufficient number of signatures
to the caucus call to insure the elec
tion of Flint. I am over the fence and
have some votes to spare. Flint will be
chosen on the first ballot to-morrow.
OXNARD HOLDS ALOOF.
Sends Letter Explaining His Attitude
on the Fight.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10.—This
morning Henry T. Oxnard decided
that his name should not go before
the Legislature until after the first
or second ballot. Accordingly he pre
pared a letter, a copy of which he de
livered bo\h to the Flint and Bard
managers. The text o*. Oxnard's let
ter follows:
"Sacramento, Cal., Jan. 10.
"Hon. Frank P. Flint Hon. Chester
A. Rowell, Hon. D. T. Perkins, F. J.
Brandon, Otto Gerberding—Dear sirs:
I have many friends among the mem
bers of the Legislature who have ex
pressed an intention of voting for me,
but, being interested in securing the
Senatorship for Southern California
and in pursuance of the policy under
which I have been acting for some
time, my name will not be formally
presented to the Legislature to-day,
nor my friends be asked to vote for
me until after a ballot or two has been
taken.
"I have arrived at this conclusion
through fear that a multiplicity of
candidates from Southern California,
in the preliminary balloting, might
endanger its interests.
"However, should neither of the
leading candidates secure the support
necessary to elect I shall expect my
friends in the Legislature to be given
an opportunity to exercise their pref
erence for me. Yours very truly,
"HENRY T. OXNARD."
AMERICAN SCHOONER FOUND
STRANDED AND DESERTED
The Mary Lee Patton, From Philadel
phia. Located at the Bahama
Islands.
NASSAU, N. P.. Jan. 10. — The
American schooner Mary Lee Patton,
from Philadelphia December 2 for
Cardenas, has been found stranded
and deserted at Abaco, Bahama Isl
ands.
The Mary Lee Patton was built in
Baltimore in 1894 and is 522 tons net.
She is owned by her captain, Lewis
S. Steelman of Bridgport. Conn.
New Rank for Diplomat.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—The Pres
ident to-day sent to the Senate the
nomination of David E. Thompson of.
Nebraska, the Minister to Brazil, to
be Embassador Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary to Brazil.
*
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR—"tort RITCr."
CALIFORNIA—BIack Fattl Trouba
dours.
COLUMBlA—"Salammbo." Matinee
to-day.
CENTRAL—Minstrels.
CHUTES—Vaudeville.
FlSCHEß'S—Vaudevllla
GRAND-r"The Darling of ths Oods."
LYCEUM—Vaudeville.
LYRIC HALL —Burton Holmes Lec
ture.
MAJESTIC —"Mizpah"
1 ORPHEUM—Vaudeville. Matins* te
\ day.
*
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10.—All the
camps caucused to-night and more cau
cusing will take place to-morrow. At
the Bard camp, 19 of the 22 attended
the roundup. Assemblyman Perkins
and Frank Brandon assert that the
Bard forces will not break. Stories to
the effect that Amerige of Orange has
gone over to Flint are denied. It was
declared at the Bard headquarters that
Amerige would stand as firm and as
long as Anderson, and the latter is
rated as a Bard stalwart who will
fall, if he falls at all. on the firing line.
The story that Senator Oreenwell is
wavering is also discredited.
Otto Gerberding, Bard's chief man
ager upon the outside, was called to
Livermore to-day on account of the
illness of his sister. He wired to-night
advising the Bard men to stand firm,
as he had received assurances of ac
cessions to the Bard column. Thomas
Hughes, R. N. Bulla, C. T. Elliott.
James A. Louttitt, C. A. Young and
others of the Bard management Insist
that the fight Is still open and that all
Flint's abilities Will be required to hold
the strength that he developed to-day.
"It is not true," said one Bard man,
"that 52 or even 47 legislators attended
the Flint caucus. The actual attend
ance was 30, and the number of names
signed to the caucus tallied exactly
with his vote for Senator to-day", 47,
and no more."
The Fisk men held a prolonged con
ference to-night. Fisk said: "Only six
men were absent from Ihe caucus, and
I have seen them since the conference.
I am assured that there will be no
break to-morrow. The Senatorial
contest is not settled."
Senator Woodward of Sonoma laughs
at the rumor that he is going over to
the Flint camp upon the assurance that
he will be appointed superintendent of
the San Francisco Mint as soon as
Senator Flint has arrived in Washing
ton.
Henry T. Oxnard appeared for a few
minutes tc*-night in the lobby of the
Golden Eagle looking as debonair as
usual, but he did not mix with the
politicians gathered there. .
The Knight men caucused to-ntght.
Knight flatly contradicted the report
that Senator Rush of Solano is going
over to join the forces of the Los
Angeles candidate.
Ruef received a message to-night
concerning the condition of his father
which was so encouraging that he de
cided to remain here another day.
SELLS TITLES
TO RICH MEN
Viennese Newspaper Offers
a Sensational Explanation
of Yon Koerber's Fall
Special Dlroatoh to Tttm Call.
VIENNA, Jan. 10.—The Zelt accuses
ex-Premier Yon Koerber of the acqui
sition of immense sums from press
bribery and from the sale of titles and
orders, for which he had fixed the tar
iff. The names of two well-known
Jewish millionaires are given. Each of
these men Is said to have paid 500,000
crowns ($200,000) for a seat in the upper
house of the Legislature, which neither
of them can now obtain, as Yon Koer
ber has fallen. Latterly the Emperor's
suspicions were aroused and that con
tributed to the Prime Minister's fall.
SEVERE SNOWSTORM
DESCENDS ON KANSAS
Wheat Benefited, but Livestock Will
Suffer —Flakes Fall in Okla
homa,
TOPEKA, Kans., Jan. 10.—A heavy
snow fell throughout Kansas to-day.
In the Central Kansas wheatfields the
snow was heavier than in five years.
The temperature is low to-night, and
there is suffering among livestock in
the western portion of the State.
Wheat Is greatly benefited.
GUTHRIE, Okla., Jan. 10.—Wet
snow and sleet has been falling gen
erally over Oklahoma since early this
morning, and now lies on the ground
to a depth of from two to five inches.
There is no suffering, and winter
wheat will be greatly benefited.
TROUBLE BETWEEN FRANCE
AND MOROCCO AVERTED
NEW YORK, Jan. 10-.—Foreign
Minister Delcasse to-day Informed the
Council of Ministers that the Moroc
can crisis had been entirely relieved.
The Sultan restores his French mili
tary advisers and expressed satisfac
tion with the French policy. Accord
ingly the French Minister has been
ordered to proceed to Fes to-raerrow
and arrange for carrying out tko pol
icy of France.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.2
DEMOCRATS SHOW
GEORGE A. KNIGHT
IS POPULAR WITH
PEOPLE IN GALLERY
Cheers Greet Lawyer's Name
Rowell Opens the Battle by
Nominating Senator Bard.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10.—Whatever
may be the outcome of the Senatorial
situation the fact remains that with
the great audience that gathered in
the Senate to-day George A. Knight
was the popular candidate. At the
mention of every other name the
plause was restricted, but when Sen
ator Selvage concluded his eloquent
appeal for support for George A.
Knight the audience threw aside its
conservatism and the Senate chamber
t resounded with the sound of clapping
hands and stamping feet.
But as to oratory Senator Charles
M. Shortridge led his colleagues. He
seconded the nomination of Arthur G.
Fisk and he threw his whole soul into
the task. He said he knew no north,
no south; that the destiny of the Re
publican party was all that awakened
.. his patriotism, but if geography was
to be the question then his argument
would be given weight, for in the elec
tion of Fisk neither north nor south
would be offended; the great center
of the State would receive what was
due it apd its great population and
wealth would be honorably and loyally
representedv
Many prominent people gathered in
the Senate to watch the opening
skirmish In the Senatorial battle of
ballots. Governor Pardee's family ar
rived early and among the Senatorial
candidates were Knight and Fisk, who
chose to observe the proceedings from
the height of the gallery. Dibble re
inforced Knight and was surrounded
by the leading supporters of other
candidates, Walter Parker being prom
inent among the Flint contingent.
NOMINATES BARD.
Promptly at noon a resolution call
ing for the election of a United States
Senator to succeed Thomas R. Bard
was read and this was followed by a
recital of the law under which the
Senate was about to proceed. This
formality concluded Senator Chester
.Rowell of J?'resno rose to place the in
cumbent, Senator Bard, In nomination.
Senator Rowell read his nomination
speech, which, in part, was as follows:
"Six years ago I presented the name
of Thomas R. Bard in this Senate
chamber as a candidate for United
States Senator. At the close of that
long and memorable contest, which
ended in his election, I promised for
him a faithful and intelligent atten
tion to duties, a statesmanlike judg
ment on national and international
questions, fidelity to every interest of
California, and courteous and generous
personal treatment of all Republicans,
regardless of factional affiliations. 1
predicted for him high standing among
his associates at Washington. My
promises and predictions have been
fully realized. Almost from the mo
ment of his advent in the Senate his
influence in both great and small af
fairs has been evident.
"Senator Bard has earned a re-elec
tion. His election would heal factional
differences. It would satisfy every
business interest of the State. It
would reinforce our delegation in Con
gress and strengthen the national ad
ministration at Washington in ail its
efforts for good government. It would
be creditable to the Republican party.
It would confer honor upon Senator
Bard and reflect honor upon the State.
His defeat will cast a shadow upon
Republican politics in this State that
will take a generation to efface.
"Successful or defeated, he will re
main the foremost citizen of California,
noble in character, strong in his adher
ence to absolute right and honored by
every high-minded citizen of Califor
nia.
"Mr. President, Senator Bard's friends
and the people of California await the
outcome of this contest with faith in
his ultimate vindication and election.
Again I present the name of Thomas
R. Bard."
PRAISE FOR SENATOR.
Senator John N. Anderson of Santa
Ana seconded Senator Bard's nomina
tion and spoke impressively. "It is fit
ting, that the voice of the south be
heard seconding the voice of the north,"
he said. "I know of no man better
qualified to represent California in the
Federal Congress than is Senator Bard,
and I hear the call from across the
Rockies asking that he be returned.
It will be a shameful disregard of the
voice of the people if he is not sent
b.ack to complete the labors he has so
well begun, and I appeal to all of you
loyal Californians to lay aside your sec
tional prejudices and vote for the man
that brought harmony and will pre
serve it in the party of this State; and,
not only that, but I ask you to vote for
the man that served California honor
ably, against whose work no man can
complain and who in all justice and
right should be encouraged by the ap
proval of this body he so richly de
serves."
Senators Belshaw and Broughton also
seconded the nomination of Senator
Bard, paying tribute to his sterling
qualities and honorable record in Con
gress.
SELVAGE'S SPEECH.
George A. Knight was next placed in
nomination by Senator Selvage, who
said, in part:
• "The most important duty imposed by
the constitution upon the Legislature
now confronts that body. We must
here elect a Senator who shall rep
resent our State in the Congress of the
United States for the next six years.
That we perform that duty well is de
manded of us alike by the people of
the State and of the nation. What we
do here in this relation may either re
flect credit upon us and be productive
of good, or it may bring upon us dis
credit and be productive of evil."
Senator Selvage went on to say that
the place, should go to a candidate
representing the northern portion of
the State, saying:
"In measuring the relative Impor
tance of the territory south and north
qt the Tehachapl, I find the south to be
about one-fifth In assessable property,
one-fourth in population and one
fourth in extent and about that rela
tion In Republicanism.
"George A. Knight is the man whc
can represent the people of California
in the halls of Congress better than
any other man who lives to-day on the
Pacific Coast. He possesses every
quality in a high degree to make him a
great representative of our people."
In his peroration Selvage paid a high
tribute to Knight's speech seconding
the nomination of Roosevelt for Presi
dent and in his closing sentence said:
"I therefore nominate for United
States Senator to represent this State
in Congress our most brilliant, most
popular and honored citizen of Cali
fornia, George A. Knight."
Senator John B. Irish was the first to
second Knight's nomination and was
followed by Senator Ralston, who made
an extended argument in support of his
contention that Knight should be re
warded for his long and efficient ser
vice in behalf of the Republican party.
HAHN FLINT'S SPONSOR.
Senator Benjamin W. Hahn of Pasa
dena placed Frank P. Flint in nomina
tion, his address being entirely matter
of-fact and dispassionate. In part he
said:
"The constitutional requirement of
representation is the embodiment of the
fundamental truth, that to properly
represent, one should properly know
what he represents. This is a crys
tallization of the idea that the man
should be intimately associated with
the people; conversant with and pos
sess as thorough a knowledge as pos
sible of ail the actual existing condi
, tlons that prevail in the locality that
he is chosen to represent.
"The great commonwealth of the
south has needs particularly its own.
Her fruit interests alone are clamoring
for an alert, vigorous and loyal pro
tector. From the stalwart ranks of her
citizenship she presents for your con
sideration a man, young in years,
strong and resourceful in his mental
equipment;broad in his sympathies, one
who represents in his great-hearted,
broad-minded development and domi
nant characteristic of the ideal suc
cessful man, that keynote of the high
est character and great ability—the
saving grace of common sense. He is
part and parcel of our State's growth
and development, having come here
when three years of age.
"Politically he has always been a Re
publican, casting his .first vote for that
matchless statesman* and ideal Repub
lican, James G. Blame, and ever after
at the roll call of our party when there
was need of brain, unfailing energy
and devotion, in clear ringing tones has
been heard the steady response uf one
whose faith and loyalty ought never to
be questioned.
"I have the distinguished honor of
placing in nomination a citizen familiar
with all the great and diversified inter
ests of our State, one who will make a
fit and worthy co-laborer with the Hon.
George C. Perkins in the Senate of the
United States, one who, if elected, will
recognize no north, no south, but will
strive with the highest purposes of his
soui to preserve the luster of the one
bright resplendent star that represents
California to-day upon our national
emblem.
"I present that high-minded Chris
tian gentleman, that ideal Republican,
that forceful character, thai splendid
embodiment of strict integrity and
American manhood—Frank B. Flint."
Senators A. K. Muenter of'Stockton
and Hamilton A. Uauer of San Fran
cisco seconded Flint's nomination,
neither making any greater attempt at
oratorical effort than did Hahn.
FISK IS NAMED.
Arthur G. Fisk was nominated for
Senator by Senator Wolfe of San Fran
ce i*c:o. Woife said in part:
"For the fourth time in my life
something that does not happen to
many men—l arise on the floor of the
Senate to participate in the election of
a gentleman to the, high and exalted
position of United States Senator from
the State of California. The eyes of the
world are on this State. We have
grown in population and our natural
resources are attracting the attention
of the world. I am not exaggerating
when I declare that the State of Cali
fornia is destined to be one of the
greatest States of the Union.
"It is therefore meet and proper that
this great State of ours should be rep
resented in the Senate of the United
States by a man of vigor, energy and
ability. He should, to my mind, be a
man of the people, who should know
their wishes and wants and be ever
ready to meet their demands. He
should be a man whose first duty and
first consideration will be representa
tion of the people, and who will be
ever ready to further the interests of
his constituency.
"I have in my mind the name of a
man who, in my humble judgment, will
meet all these requirements. Strong in
intellect, well equipped by nature, a
man of the plain people, who has spent
nearly his Whole life in this State, and
one who if elected to this high office
will be ever faithful to the peode of
this State, and yet will never forget
the men who helped to elevate him to
this exalted position. He will be close
to the administration. He will stand
by and back up the policy of President
Roosevelt, for to that foremost man of
this nation he is no stranger, having
already received recognition at his
hands which bears testimony to his
personal worth.
"I present for your consideration for
the high office of United States Senator
a man who once filled the position of
Speaker of the Assembly and who is
now the Postmaster of San Francisco—
the Hon. Arthur G. Fisk.'
Charles M. Shortridge and Henry W.
Lynch seconded Fisk's nomination,
both rising to the heights of eloquence
In the performance of the formality.
The most picturesque address of the
day was delivered by Senator J. B.
Sanford of Uklah, leader of the Demo
cratic minority, who nominated Con
gressman Theodore Bell of Napa for
Senator. E. J. Emmons of Bakersfleld
seconded the nomination of Bell and
concluded \he day's oratory. The vote
waß then called for.
When the Senate assembled this
morning at 11 o'clock the Committee on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11. 1905.
T
Fruit and Vine Interests, to which had
been referred a concurrent resolution
relative to the levying of a minimum
tax upon the grape brandy now used
in the fortification of sweet wines with
in the United States, amounting to
twenty-five cents per proof gallon, re
ported In favor of the adoption of the
resolution. The resolution requests the
members of Congress to oppose the
enactment of the law proposed
by Internal Revenue Commissioner
Yerkes, levying a tax upon the
grape brandy now used in the fortifi
cation of sweet wines manufactured
within the United States.
Senator Wolfe opposed the amend
ment because it made a request of
members of Congress, particularly in
the Senate, instead of directing them
to act. Senator Shortridge also op
posed the amendment for the same
reason, but notwithstanding this op
position it was adopted.
Senator Keane of San Francisco pre
sented a petition urging the appropria
tion of money to provide two statues
of famous Californians, to be placed In
niches provided in the rotunda of the
Capitol at Washington. The petition
does not suggest any names of Cali
fornians to be honored. The names of
6000 Native Daughters of the Golden
West are attached to the petition.
NEW ASSEMBLY BILLS.
Another Biff Batch Introduced By the
Legislators..
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10.—The follow
ing bills were introduced in the Assem
bly to-day:
By Bates —To create and regulate public
warehouses.
By Lumley—Prohibiting the carrying of
concealed weapons, and fixing the penalty at
$r>tiO; providing for the destruction of gophers,
squirrels, noxious weeds • and insects.
By Chandler—To further perpetuate the
markings of Government surveys.-
By Amerige—Relating to the taking and
killing of meadow larks and wild birds, other
than game birds.
By Transue—Relating to the registration of
life insurance policies and deposits of security
with Insurance Commissioner therefor; re
lating to how funds of insurance companieb
may be invested; relating to the use of the
State school fund.
By Jury—Defining newspapers of general
circulation, and preventing newspapers from
printing legal notices until they have been
established two years.
By Goodrich—Re In ting to the employment
and payment of teachers.
By Cooper—Relating to the planting and
preservation cf shad? and ornament trees.
By O'Brien—Relating to the boundary line
between Sacramento and San Joaquin counties.
By Rolley—Relating to the preservation and
protection of game.
By Waste—Appropriating $6000 for cement
walks about the University of California.
By Waste —Appropriating (250,000 for a new
agtieultural building at the State University.
By Arnerich—Appropriating $10,000 for the
f stahlishment of a power and lighting plant al
the Dick Obsorvatary.
By Jones—Appropriating $20,000 for the im
provement of the lfcao and Sonora roads.
By Jones—Appropriating WOO.OW for the
ecni'truction of a hotel In the Yosemlte Valley.
By Miore —Providing for the appointment by
County Superintendent of Schools a super
visor of nature study.
By bfcGowan—Appropriating $150,000 for a
new State Normal school building in San
Francisco.
By Rranstetter—Prohibiting the sale of dairy
products fr.>:n unhealthy animals.
By Wickershim -Appropriating $5075 to re
pay the Regents of the University of California
for moneys appropriated by them for the for
estry station at Monica.
By Drew—Appropriating $100,000 for the con
struction of .1 public highway from Kings
River, near Cvjnterville, fifty miles to Kings
River Canyon.
By Drew—To regulate the practice of veteri
nary surgery.
By Drew—Appropriating $10,000 for vitlcul
tural research.
By Es'pey—Authorizing certain corporations
to act as guardians of the persons of abandoned
children.
By Beardslee-—Establishing a bureau of In
formation on nature study, agriculture and
kindred subjects.
By Cleveland—Appropriating $10,000 for use
by the State Horticultural Commission In
searching for beneficial Insects.
By McKlnn<y—Appropriating $10,C00 for the
erection of on assembly hall at the Preston
School of Industry.
By Bits.--— Appropriating $25,000 for the con
struction of a workshop it the State Home
for Adult Blind st Oakland; another bill ap
propriating £30,000 for a dormitory at the home
and another appropriating $115,000 for the sup
port of the >cmo.
By John.--t.Jiie —Appropriating $0000 for farm
er"' Institutes to be held under the direction
of the t'nlvarsity of California.
By Pfaffle —To create a department of music
in the University cf California.
SALOON TO BE LICENSED
IN UNIVERSITY TOWN
Verdict of Forest Grove Voters Likely
to Result In a Legal Fight.
FOREST GROVE, Ore., Jan. 10.—
The saloon license faction candidate
for Mayor won in the Forest Grove
election, after the hardest fought cam
paign in the city's history. The re
sult will be a licensed saloon for
Forest Grove—the first It will ever
have had. A secondary probable re
sult will be a legal fight with the trus
tees of the Tualatin Academy and
Pacific University, who are expected
to bring suit to prevent the locating
of a saloon on lands once held in trust
fcr these institutions, a stipulation
being Inserted in all deeds granted
that no "ardent spirits" should be
sold on the premises.
Grip Colds.
Laxative Bromo Quinine, world-wide Cold and
Grip remedy, removes cause. Call for full name
and look for signature of E. W. Grove. 25c. *
their fealty to party by casting their votes,
EIGHT IN NUMBER,FOR CONGRESSMAN THEODORE BELL
ORATORICAL FLIGHTS
IN THE LOWER HOUSE
Sifver-Tonaued Bofons Praise Asp rants
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10.-—Flint 31, ,
Bard 16, Knight 14, Fisk 14, Brooks
I, Bell 4.
That's the way the vote stood
when the tally was made up on the
first vote for United States Senator in
the Assembly to-day.
Never before in California has so
little interest in the election of a
United States Senator been shown in
the lower house. The gallery was not
filled and there was plenty of room
behind the rail and in the side aisles.
There was some applause for nomi
nating speeches and candidates'
names, Los Angeles people showing
the most enthusiasm, but the only
thing that approached a demonstration
was brought out by Assemblyman
Nathan Coghlan of San Francisco, who j
made the speech of the day in second- j
ing the nomination of George A. ,
Knight.
Flights of oratory from the young
men of the House were a feature of
the nominating work. Two more
stellbiders, Jones and Coghlan, were
aoded to the San Francisco list and
with McGowan and Anthony already
on the roll of ready debaters, with !
perhaps some talent yet to come for- ;
ward, it looks as if there was to be >
no lack of voice for the metropolis in ]
fhe lower house.
HOLSER'S ORATORY.
Houser of Los Angeles In making
the Flint nominating speech acquit- j
ted himself well and eloquently, ,
though he attempted a few empyrean .
flights that took away some of the ]
force of his really forceful speech and
gave, a slight suspicion of delsarte j
drilling before a looking glass. His j
address was far above the average
heard in the Assembly, though, and \
brought out much applause on its own
behalf. He said in part:
"In accordance with the requirements
of the law the Legislature is met to
day for the purpose of electing a Unit
ed States Senator. No higher duty de
volves upon us during our respective
legislative terms, and it should be with
a realization of a heavy responsibility
that we proceed to the performance of
our duty in this regard.
"Southern California, with her im
mense area, with her splendid length
of coast line, with her excellent harbors
and her varied industries— differing
vastly from those of the middle and
northern sections of the State, needs
and is entitled to represent her in the
United States Senate a man who is
fully alive to the situation.
"Such a man we have in the person
of Frank P. Flint of Los Angeles.
Broad of intellect, fined with noble
purpose, a man of sterling character
and unimpeachable integrity, he is a
profound student in the law and has an
accurate and scientific knowledge of
"In behalf of the district I represent,
in behalf of the vast majority of the
citizens of the peerless city of Los An
geles, in behalf of the imperial county
of Los Angeles, I have the honor to
present for your consideration as a
candidate for the high office of United
States Senator the name of Frank P.
Flint."
Dorsey, who is one of the brightest
of the young men in the House, also
acquitted himself admirably in sec*
onding Bard.
Much interest was manifested in the
vote of the Alameda delegation, as it
was supposed to give an idea of ad
ministration strength. Assemblyman
Waste's vote was awaited with es
pecial expectancy, for this reason. He
has at no time previous given an ex
pression of choice for Senator. When
"Pop" Bliss cheered Houser's speech,
the belief that he would vote for Flint
was made a certainty. Bates also ap
plauded the mention of Flint's name,
but he cast his vote for Fisk.
WASTE FOR FLINT.
Waste quietly replied "Flint" when
the clerk reached his name.
For some days there had been
doubt as to who would nominate Bard.
The choice fell upon Assemblyman
Perkins last night. His was the short
est speech made.
"I take pleasure in presenting the
name of an esteemed gentleman for the
high office of United States Senator. I
have known this gentleman for many
years and have been clo-sely identified
with him socially, as well as in a busi
ness way. , I now name the Hon. Thom
as R. Bard."
The name of Henry T. Oxnard was
not presented.
To Assembiyman Hawkins fell the
honor of placing Theodore Bell in
nomination for the Democratic minor
lty -
The call for nominations was made
shortly after noon, the Assembly hav
ing spent an hour in receiving bills.
KNIGHT IS NAMED.
Assemblyman Kolley of Humboldt
in nominating Knight said:
"it affords me keen pleasure to
have the privilege and the honor of
placing in nomination for the most
exalted legislative position in the
world a gentleman who is the peer of
any man in California. I am more
than pleased that the opportunity is
afforded me to nominate for United
States Senator a citizen from Califor
nia who is known to the people from
one end of the State to the other. It
is our solemn duty to elect a man
who is broad enough to represent the
entire State of California; a man
who knows California and who is
known by her people from San Diego
to Del Norte, and from the Pacific to
the Nevada line. Have we such a
man? Yes. and the man is Theodore
Roosevelt's personal friend, George
A. Knight of California.
"Gentlemen of the Assembly, it is
my opinion that of all the men who
have been suggested for election as
United States Senator by this Legis
lature, cither through the press, by
the public speakers or by the private
citizens, George A. Knight is the
first and real choice of a great major
ity of the citizens of the State. George
A. Knight is a man known not only
to all of California, but throughout
this great country of ours.
"In campaign following campaign
for the last thirty years George A.
Knight's eloquent voice has been
heard from the party platform in
city, town and hamlet throughout
every section of this Immense State.
Without party reward or official rec
ognition for more than a quarter of
a century he has gladly given to the
Republican party his able services.
"We of California rejoiced that
whon the Hon. Theodore Roosevelt,
President of these United States, de
termined to select a man from the
Great Weft to second his nomination
at Chicago, George A. Knight was the
man of his choice.
"In conclusion I submit that from
fhe standpoint of personal ability,
from the standpoint of party ser
vices and from the standpoint of
obedience to the voice of the people of
California, we should elect George A.
Knight as United States Senator from
California."*
JONES NAMES FISK.
Jones, In his nomination of Fisk,
spoke in a clear, carrying voice that
reached every ear in the Assembly
room. He showed some nervousness
at the start, but this passed away. It
MEMBERS OF THE LEGISLATURE WHO PLACED IN NOMINATION THE FOUR
CANDIDATES FOR TffE TOGA WHO LED THE LIST ON THE FIRST BAL
LOT TAKEN YESTERDAY AT THE STATE CAPITAL.
was his maiden speech in the Assem
bly, and the honor of nominating a
candidate for United States Senator
was an important one. He said, in
part:
"It is vitally necessary that Califor
nia be ably represented in our national 1
law-making body, especially in the up- j
per house. We have gathered here to- J
day to elect such representative of this (
great commonwealth.
"The importance of his duties re- i
quires that he be a man of marked
ability. It is not necessary that he be
an orator, but he must be a clear
thinker on broad lines, able to battle ,
successfully with the shrewdest fight- j
ers of this nation. He must have
power, energy and endurance to ac- 1
complish the work expected and de- I
manded of him at this time. He must
be generous and impartial, that the
welfare cf the various sections, with
their diversified interests, are not neg
lected. The time has come for us to
unite and place the toga on the
shoulders of an able, honest, energetic I
and courageous man of experience, w ho
will fill it with honor to himself and
credit to the State. Such a man is i
genial, whole-hearted, lovable Arthur
G. Fisk.
"Members of the Assembly, with a '
full knowledge of the important duty '
pertaining to the office of a United
Stated Senator, and with supreme con
fidence in the character and ability of
the man 1 propose to you for the office, !
I place in nomination Arthur G. Fisk
as a candidate for United States Sen
ator."
Assemblyman John nominated Ben
jamin Brook of San Luis Obispo be
cause, he said. Brook had supported
him in four campaigns he had made,
and he believed in sticking to a friend. '
There were numerous seconding
speeches, some of them much longer
than the addresses of nomination. Dor
sey, In seconding Bard, said the peo
ple, after a long search, had found a
good man in the junior Senator and
that he should be allowed to retain his
seat for the welfare of the people of
California. Others who seconded Bard
were Cromwell and Johnstone.
Duryea seconded Fisk. Something of
a surprise was occasioned by this ac
tion upon the part of the last named,
as it was understood he had first had
leanings toward Knight and had then
been led over to Flint by the organiza
tion. An idea prevailed in the Assem
bly that he was only finding a resting
place and had taken occasion to say a
few nice things about his old friend,
the Speaker of the former session.
Flint was seconded by Burke of Ala
meda, Thompson and Devlin. They all
made extended speeches and said that
in Flint California would have a Sen
ator who would ably represent her in
terests.
In seconding Bell, Assemblyman Pry
or orated as industriously as if his man
were among those who had a chance.
Assemblyman Lumley applauded him
vigorously until asked by the Assem
blyman in the seat beside him what
he was making so much noise all by
himself for.
The announcement of the vote from
the desk was received with a loud cheer
by the Flint people.
Pulliam's Condition Improves.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Jan. 10.—Pres
ident Harry Pulllam of the National
I-eagrue, who is threatened with pneu
monia, was reported much better to
day.
Will Not Exhibit at Portland.
VICTORIA. B. C, Jan. 10.—The |
British Columbia Government has de
cided not to make an appropriation
for the Lewis and Clark Exposition
at Portland.
ASSEMBLY VOTE
BY ROLL CALL
How the Members of Lower
House Divided in Choice
of a Man for the Toga
LIST OF LEGISLATORS
Names Which Show Just
Who Make Up the Follow
ing of Various Candidates
Special Dispatch to, The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10—Following
Is the roll call vote of the Assembly on
the Senatorship:
Amerige, Bard; Anthony, Flint; Arnerlch,
Flint: Atkinson, Flint; Barnes, Flint; Bates.
Fisk; Beardslee, Flint; Beckett. Flint; Bliss.
Flint; Boyle. Flint; Branstetter, Knight;
Burge. Bard; Burke, Flint; Bualck, Knight;
Chandler, Bard; Cleveland, Flint; Coghlan.
Knight; Cooper, Flint: Coyle. Fisk: Oelghton,
Knight; Cromwell, Bard; Culleh. Flint; Devlin.
Flint; Dorsey, Bard; Drew, Bard; Duryea.
Fisk; Ells, Bard: Kspey. Fisk; Eatudillo. Bard;
Oans. Fisk: Gates, Fisk; Goodrich, Flint;
Hartraan. Flint: Hawkins Bell; Held, Knight:
He user, Flint; Jarvls. Fisk: John, Brooks;
J< hnson, Flint; Jchnstone, Bard; Jones of
Tuolumne. Bell ■ Jones of San Francisco, Fisk;
Jury, Bard: King, Bard: Lucey. Fisk; Lam
ley, BtU; Lynch. Knight; Manwell. Knight.
McCartney. Flint: McGowan. Knight; McKen
ney. Flint; MeNamara, Flsk; Metncke, Flint;
Mindham, Flint: Mitcheltree. Fisk; Moore,
Knight. O'Brien. Knight: Olmsted. Fisk; Per
kins. Bard; Pfaerfle. Knight: Prescott. Flint;
Prjor, Bell; Pyle. Bard; Rolley. Knight; Sev
erance. Flint; Slavln, Flint; Stanton. Flint;
Strobridge. Bard; Strohl, Flint; Thompson.
Flint; Trarisue. Flint; Treadwell. Knight;
Tripp Fisk; Vogel. Flint: Walsh. Knight;
Waste. Flint: Weyand. Bard: Whiting. Fisk;
Wickersham, Flint.
PORTLAND IMMIGRATION
OFFICERS DETAIN SHIPS
Inspector Charpcs Captains of For
eign Vessels With a Violation
of live Laws.
PORTLAND. Or., Jan. 10.—For the
second time within a month a foreign
ship has been detained in this port
by the immigration inspector for vio
lation of the immigration laws.
In the first case the inspector re
fuses to issue necessary papers to en
able the master of a French craft to
obtain clearance papers on the ground
that a deserter from the ship wad
likely to become a public charge.
Captain James McDonald of the
British ship Hampton, which is ready
to sail, has been placed under arrest,
charged with having abandoned a
sailor while in this port.
Otts Knocks Lundy Out.
TONOPAH, Nev., Jan. 10.—Billy
Otts of San Francisco to-night
knocked out Bert LUndy in two
rounds. The fighting was terrific
while it lasted. Lundy outweighed
Otta, but the latter proved a better
ring general. Lundy was the welter
weight champion of Tonopah.
SALT LAKE. Jan. 10.-The Joint wires of
the San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake
Railroad and Western Union were connected
to-day. The first message from the general
offices at Los Ans-elcs to the general offices
at Salt Lake was received here at a p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Has won success far beyond the effect
of advertising only.
Its wonderful popularity is ex
plained by its unapproachable Mrru.
Based upon a prescription which
'cured people considered incurable.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Unites the best-known vegetable rem
edies in such a way as to have cura
tive power peculiar to itself.
ilts cures of scrofula, eczema, psor
iasis, and every kind of humor, ■ as
well as catarrh and rheumatism, prove
Hood's Sarsaparilla
the best blood purifier ever produced.
Its cures of dyspepsia, loss of appe
tite and that tired feeling make it the
greatest stomach tonic and strength
restorer-the world has ever known.
Begin to take it TO-DAY.ADAMS TAKES
OATH OF OFFICE
Governor-Elect of Colorado
Is Inaugurated at Denver
Amid Booming of Cannon
—•
PEABODY AT HIS SIDE
Retiring Executive Will Be
gin Contest for Seat as
Soon as He Can File Papers
DENVER. Jan. 10.—Standing beneath
the draped folds of the American flag,
while the walls about him and the
floor beneath him trembled in response
to cannon that roared a salute in his
honor, Alva Adams was, at noon to
day. Inaugurated as Governor of Colo
rado. While he stood with uplifted
hands, taking the oath of office admin
istered by Chief Justice Gabbert, there
stood at his side ex-Governor James H.
Peabody, who will to-morrow inaugur
ate the most energetic and bitter con
test that Colorado has ever seen for the
right to fill the position that Governor
Adams had just sworn by the ever
iiving God to administer to the best of
liis powers of body and mind.
The inauguration ceremonies were
simple- in the extreme. A few minutes
before 12 o'clock Governor-elect Adams
called at the office of Governor Pea
body, who waa to accompany him to
the House of Representatives, where
the inauguration was to be held. Arm
in arm, the two men, Peabody oir the
right, Adams on the left, entered the
House, which was packed almost to
suffocation by Senators, Representa
tives and visitors. Lieutenant Gover
nor Haggott, presiding over the Joint
session of the Legislature, greeted both
men aa they stepped upon the rostrum
with a shake of the hand, and seated
Governor Peabody on his right, the
Governor-elect on his left.
Chief Justice Gabbert stepped for
ward and in a few seconds the oath
was given and taken, and Alva Adams
was the Governor of Colorado.
Governor Adams the«n commenced the
reading of his Inaugural address.
Ex-Governor Peabody's notice of
contest will be filed on January 13, the
last day allowed under the law. At
torney Henry J. Hersey, who is in
charge of the case, said this afternoon
that it would be difficult to prepare the
necessary papers before that time.
NO CHOICE IN MONTANA.
Iliomas H. Carter Leads on First Bal
lot for Senatorship.
• HELENA, Mont.. Jan. 10.—Both
h<'iises of the Montana Legislature
balloted separately to-day for a Unit
ed states Senator to succeed Paris
Gibson. The result in the Senate was
as follows:
Ilepubtlcans—T. H. Carter. 10; Lee Mantle,
3; William Lindsay, .'i; l onrad Kohrs, 1.
Democrats—W. G. Conrad, 6. H. L. Prank.
!. Walter Cooper, 1.
The House voted as follows:
l:?publlcans—Carter, 26; Mantl*. 7; Lindsav,
Br W. X Zanders. 1; B. F. White, 2; T. C.
Power, -•; E. W. King, 1.
Democrats—Conrad. 11; Frank, 4: J. I.
Phelps. 1; Walter Cooper. 2; G. R. Milburn, 1:
J. K. Toole, 1.
Fusionists—John MacGlnniss. 13.
two members did not vote. Sena
top Carter's vote to-day is twenty less
than the vote required on joint ballot
to elect.
HELD FOR BALLOT FRAUDS.
fee\eral Arrests In Pueblo Growing
Out of Election.
PUEBLO, Colo., Jan. 10.—On in
dictments returned by the Grand Jury,
several arrests were made to-day.
-Among them were three election
judges of one precinct and three po
liceman, whose duties are in the town
of Bessemer, where it is charged most
<•! the alleged fraudulent voting was
done. All of those arrested except the
policemen had previously been in
dicted.
Triumph for La Follette.
MADISON, Wis., Jan. 10.—Gover
nor La Follette to-night' in the As
sembly and Senate caucuses succeed
ed in organizing both in his interest.
This is taken as aiding him materially
in his contest for the Senatorship.
Another Term For Senator Scott.
CHARLESTON, W. Va,, Jan. 10.—
At the Republican caucus of the
legislature to-night. Senator Nathan
R, Scott was unanimously chosen for
United States Senator to succeed him
self.
CONFESS TO STEALING
BULLION FROM A CAR
Illinois Robbers Believed to Have Sold
the Silver Thinking It
Was Lead.
EAST ST. LOUIS, 111., Jan. 10.—By
the confession of William Burroughs,
George Rodgers and William Majors
the police have cleared the mystery
surrounding the robbery of a bonded
car in the yards of $8400 worth of
silver bullion consigned from the El
Paso Smelting Company to the United
States Mint at Philadelphia more than
a month ago. The men are team
sters.
Part of the bullion was recovered
the day after the theft, but the re
mainder is now supposed to have
been used in a lead factory, having
been said at 1 cent a pound in mas
take fer the baser metal. Ferler
Baum, a junk dealer in St. Louis, has
been arrested, charged with receiving
the stolen property.
OWNERSHIP OF BURIED
TREASURE A QUESTION
Disposal of $150,000 Dug Up in New
York May Involve New Points
of Law.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10. —Who will get
the treasure, said to be valued at
J'l nO.iIOO. found in an old rusty iron
box under the site of the old Macy
mansion in the Bronx, is a question
that may put to test some novel points
of law. Contractor Meehan, who re
cently purchased the estate of the late
Theodore E. Mat y, still holds the box
in his possession, and does not believe
the Macy heirs have any rightful
claim to its contents. Said he:
.' have gone far enough Into the box to
fii i that it contains more than $100,000. moftt
■ sold money of various countries, and
Hint there Is no document or paper In It In
dicating that It ever belonged to any of the
Mccj family. If they can establish a claim
tiio; < :t n cet it. There is nothing- in the box
with a .litte on it later than the Civil War.
Score Killed in Oil Strike
TIFLIS, Jan. 10.—An official report
f;;:ys altogether twenty persons were
l<i!led during the labor disturbances in
the oil region and that forty-four oil
towers were burned.
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 10.—The new pro
tected cruiser Colorado, built at Cramp's ship
yard, was turned over to the United States
Government to-day and the vessel is at L*a*ue
Island Navy-yard awaiting orders for active
Mrvice.
OREGON SENATE
ENDS DEADLOCK
William Kuykendall Elected
President of the Body on
the Sixty-Fourth Ballot
CARTER FORCES YIELD
After Period of Delay the
Legislators Will Now Be
Able to Take Up Business
SALEM. Ore., Jan. 10.—The dead
lock in the Senate was broken to-day
by the election of Senator William
Kuykendall of Lane County to the
presidency.
When the higher branch of the Legis
lature met balloting was recommenced,
the deadlock remaining unbroken un
til the sixth-fourth ballot had been
taken. At this point signs of dis
ruption in the ranks of both Kuyken
dall's followers and his opponent's,
Senator E. V. Carter of Jackson, be
came apparent and a recess was taken
until 5 o'clock.
Carter immediately made overtures
to Kuykendall, which were accepted.
After several hours had been devoted
to an effort to induce the Carter fol
lowers to indorse the compromise, it
was announced that a caucus would
be held.
When the Senate reconvened at 5
o'clock Senator Carter, after thanking
his supporters, announced that he
withdrew from the race in favor of
Senator Kuykendall. .The sixty-fifth
ballot was then taken and the twenty
five Republican Senators all voted for
Kuykendall, he being declared elected.
The Senate then adjourned until to
morrow.
RAILWAY COMMISSION BILLS.
Two Measures Presented in the Wash
ington Legislature.
OLTMPIA, Wash., Jan. 10.—The
two branches of the Legislature met
In joint session to-day and canvassed
the vote cast In the last general elec
tion for State officers.
Two railway commission bills were
Introduced in the Senate to-day. One
was very similar to the commission
bill of two years ago, which passed
the House, but was defeated in the
Senate; the other Is an ad
aptation of the Texas law and
is copied almost in detail. A
three-cent passenger rate bill affect
ing railroads was introduced also in
the Senate, as was a bill providing that
no railway man shall be employed
more than ten consecutive hours, ex
cept In case of great emergency, when
fourteen hours is the limit.
* +
BIG DONATION
TO CATHEDRAL
Levi P. 3lorton the Giver
of $600,000 to a New
York House of Worship
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.—Secrecy re- !
, garding the anonymous gift of $600,000 !
i to the Cathedral of St. John the Divine,
on St. John's day, December 27, was
removed to-day by the announcement
that Levi P. Morton was the donor. |
Dr. Huntington, the rector, said that j
at a meeting of the trustees, held in the !
chapter room of the Cathedral house on
December 27, a letter was received from
Morton In which he proposed to con
! vey to the corporation the sum' of i
I $450,000 which thearchitects estimated ■
j would be required to build that DOT
tion of the great structure to be known ;
las the choir. To this sum Morton said |
jhe desired to add $150,000, to be used 1
|in furnishing the choir with an altar, j
! organ and choir stalls.
DR. HARPER DECLARES FEW
PERSONS ARE TRUSTWORTHY
! Majority of Mankind, He Says, Needs
Urging to Be Held to Its
Duties.
CHICAGO, Jan. 10.—Dr. Harper,
I president of Chicago University, in
, his weekly junior college chapel lee
! ture to-day, said that not more than
120 per cent of his audience was en
tirely and fully responsible and trust
worthy at all times.
"I do not mean that you are irre
sponsible morally, but that most of
us need some urging—something out
side ourselves —to hold us exactly to
our duties." he said.
Dr. Harper declared that college
i did more to build character than it
j did to give! education.
CHESS EXPERT FIGURES
IN ROMANTIC MARRIAGE
Frank J. Marshall Weds Brooklyn
Girl Just Before Sailing
For Europe.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.—News has
just leaked out of the marriage last
week of Frank J. Marshall, the chess
master, and Miss Carrie D. Krass of
Brooklyn, daughter of-a retired Brook
lyn merchant. The couple sailed
Saturday for Europe, where Marshall
will play Janowski and also resume
regotiatlons with Lasker for a match
to decide* the world's championship.
The marriage was a romantic affair,
occurring only a' few hours before
Marshall's steamship sailed.
SMALL SURPLUS WILL GO
TO FAIR STOCKHOLDERS
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 10.—At the regu
lar monthly meeting of the board of
directors of the Louisiana Purchase
Exposition a financial report was read
showing that the company now has a
surplus of $998,000 and that $350,000
is due from the wrecking company on
the contract to demolish the fair
buildings. Out of the aggregate of
these sums post-exposition expenses
will be paid and it is expected that a
small surplus will be left to divide
among the stockholders.
Unable to Pay Its Debts.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 10.—A re
ceiver was appointed to-day for the
Keebler-Weyl Baking Company. The
trade value of the company's assets
is $250,976 and of Its liabilities $251,
--465. _
Prominent Churchman Dies.
GETTYSBURG, Jan. 10.—Dr.
Edmund Jt Wolf, president of the
General Synod of the Lutheran Church
of America, died to-day at hU home
here. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIJ, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1905.
TRAIN ORDERS
BY "WIRELESS"
|Two Eastern Railroads toi
Do Away With Present
System of Telegraphy
I FAR REACHING PROJECT'
Passengers May Receive Mes-!
sages While Traveling at
Rate of Fifty Miles an Hour
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Jan. 10.—Arrangements
are being made for the installation of ,
wireless telegraphy on the New York
Central and Lake Shore railroads. It.
is proposed to equip the Twentieth
Century Limited and Lake Shore Lim- j
ited trains so that passengers on them
may send or receive messages at any
time, whether the train is standing still I
■or running at the rate of fifty miles j
an hour. Preliminary tests have satis- I
fled President Newman that this Is
possible with the wireless system of
telegraphy.
To provide communication with
trains in motion is only a part of the
New York Central's plans. Experi- i
ments have been made of the present
automatic block signals in combination!
with equipment for wireless telegraphy, |
whereby signals of danger have been
given in the engine cabin. This system j
of double warning to engineers will be .
I a most valuable safeguard against ac- j
j cidents and will make collisions almost'
j impossible.
Another object In installing the wire- ;
less system of telegraphy Is to be in
dependent of the present telegraph sys
tem. Storms which blow down tele
graph poles cause immense loss to rail
roads by delaying train service and In
crease the risk of accident.
If the tests made on the Lake Shore ,
and the New York Central prove sue- <
cessful, other railroads will adopt the I
wireless system.
FLINT'S MEN SEE VICTORY
Continued From Pace 1, Column 2.
go to pieces If he but gives the word
that the Senatorship is not for him.
HERRIN'S NAME ALARMS.
To-morrow will probably tell, how
ever, and if the break which Flint's
forces claim will come does come, the
pleasant opportunity to speculate will
have oassed into history. Every point
that might have a possible bearing on
the situation Is being eagerly seized
by the opposing forces, so closely are
the lines drawn.
Those that are not specially favored
by the railroad were aghast to-night
when the word went out that William
F. Herrin had arrived in the city to
direct the closing engagement of the
fight. A hurried Investigation, how
ever, disclosed the fact that the Mr.
Herrin that did arrive was not William
F. but William J.. a lawyer of San
Francisco, who does not look unlike
the astute railroad manipulator. So
things quieted down to the same old
level.
PRESIDENT WITHDRAWS
LETTER TO A MAGAZINE
His Praise of Publication Used to
Promote Sales of Corpora
tion Stock.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—President
Roosevelt to-day withdrew a letter
which he wrote last March extending
to the American Newsboys' Magazine
his wishes for its success. The with
drawal of the President's letter was
announced in the form of a letter
which the President wrote on the 7th
inst. to Murat Halstead, who was
president of the company which is to
publish the magazine. The letter of
the President to Mr. Halstead follows
in part:
Dear Mr. Halstead: I am advised that you
are the president of a company formed to pub
lish the American Newsboys' Magazine and
ccntemplate withdrawing your connection
with It.
After quoting in full the letter
which he wrote last March to Colonel
E. O. Stealey, then editor of the
magazine, the President continues:
As you will note this letter Is couched In
Keneral terms, but It has been used to exploit
this company. Certain facts have come to me
as to the character of certain persons inter
ested In the corporation, as well as the meth
ods they have adopted for the disposal of
stock, which make me unwilling longer to
permit the use of my name in connection with
the enterprise. May I ask you to look care
fully Into the matter and writ* ma your views?
I will not have any letter of mine used In
connection with any concern which Is in any
way tainted, even though this letter refers
more to a general movement than to any par
ticular scheme.
In response to this letter Halstead
wrote to the President that he intend
ed to withdraw from the company.
To-day the President, In addition to
authorizing the publication of the cor
respondence, took steps to insure the
withdrawal of his letter of March last.
W. R. HEARST ARGUES
FOR LETTER CARRIERS
Congressman Says That He Considers
President's Executive Order Arbi
trary and Restrictive.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10. — The
House Committee on Reform In the
Civ'l Service to-day authorized a fav
orable report on the resolution Intro
duced by Representative Hearst catl
ing on the President for "all reports,
documents, papers and orders show
ing the executive action relating to
political activity by letter carriers
mentioned in his last annual message
and the grounds therefor;" also direct
ing the Postmaster General to commu
nicate to the House all facts bearing
upon the dismissal of James C. Kel
ler, Frank Cunningham, Warren
Tumber and H. W. Aldrlch and the
grounds for their dismissal.
Hearst was heard by the committee.
He thought the President's executive
order prohibiting political activity
was ''arbitrary and restrictive." It
abridged not only the conduct of car
riers, he said, but also the conduct of
memters of Congress. Personally, he
liked to talk with the carriers from
his district and in his opinion the suc
cessful Congressman was the one who
met their demands properly.
* -4»
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Large Box of
BUTTER BRITTLE,
A Delicious Confection,
Made by
THEOPOLD MORRIS & CO.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
SCORES PRESS
AND THEATER
Sacramento's Chief of Police
Says That the Sensational
Drama Demoralizes Youth
CRITICIZES NEWSPAPERS
Believes Too Much Promi
nence Is Given to Ac
counts of Criminal Acts
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 10—Chief of
Police Martin Coffey, in his annual re
port to the City Board of Trustees, has
made several declarations which have
aroused no end of comment. Crime
among juveniles has been rampant here
of late and he ascribes this fact partly
to the presentation of such plays as
'•Raffles, the Amateur Cracksman," by
Kyrle Bellew. The chief declares all
such dramas should be denied a license
to play in Sacramento. He asserts that
Spencer Kendall, sent to the Prescott
School.of Industry for robbery, told
him he was an usher at the Clunie The
ater when "Raftles" was produced and
the witnessing of that play led him to
go out, buy a revolver and rob a drug
store.
Chief Coffey declares that the Tele
phone Exchange offices and department
stores are nothing more than kinder
gartens of vice for young girls, whose
poverty is daily thrown into contrast
with the apparent splendor of women
of questionable character who go into
the stores to buy. The chief asserts
that the telephone girls hear all man
ner of evil things over the line. He
adds that the scare headlines in a por
tion of the daily press should be for
bidden, and mentions two cases where,
he says, citizens killed Innocent men
whom they mistook for burglars while
excited over sensational accounts of
burglaries in the papers.
Colonel H. Weinstock, senior part
ner of the department store firm of
Weinstock, Lubin & Co., to-day said
that Chief Coffey had inflicted a great
wrong upon many pure and high-mind
ed women employed In the stores.
Members of the large dry goods Arm of
Wasserman, Kaufman & Co. declared
the chief's statements were too ridic
ulous for .attention.
Coffey stands by his declarations,
however, and says he Is going to call
upon the women's clubs to act on the
alleged evils, and that he intends to
restore the old curfew law and ring a
general alarm bell which will have the
effect of sending all youngsters ( home
and to bed at 8 o'clock.
HEINZE FAILS
TO SELL MINES
Admits Futility of His Ne
gotiations With the Amal
gamated Copper Company
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUTTE, Mont., Jan. 10.— F. Augustus
Helnze to-day testified in the suit
brought by the Boston and Montana
Mining Company of the Amalgamated
Copper Corporation to recover $6,000,
--000 for ore alleged to have been stqlen
from the Boston and Montana Com
pany's properties adjoining the Minnie
Healy, that he had made an effort to
dispose of all his mining properties in
Butte to the Amalgamated Copper
Company, conducting his negotiations
with Charles F. Gates In New York
City, Gates acting as agent for H. H.
Rogers. Helnze had expressed his will
ingness to sell all his properties, giv
ing Gates a list of every mine owned
by him, in order to put an end to the
copper war between himself and the
Amalgamated Company, which had in
volved the expenditure of many mil
lions of dollars. Rogers, however, dal
lied with him, trying "to work a bunko
and blackmailing turn" upon him, to
use Helnze's words. ,
Helnze declined to answer certain
questions relative to the affairs of the
Minnie Healy mine operations, or
pleaded forgetfulness. Helnze said he
did not know the officers of the Minnie
Healy or the Johnstown companies,
though he had bought the Minnie
Healy claim for the Johnstown people
because he considered It "good for the
purposes of litigation." He acknowl
edged having signed checks for the
Minnie Healy Company, but he did so
without authority from any one. He
could give no clew to the actual Iden
tity of those operating the Minnie
Healy on which court summons could
be served.
SUPERIOR COURT GRANTS
FREEDOM TO MANY COUPLES
Several Divorces Allowed by Judges
Clear Way For the Filing of
Additional Suits.
Judge Hebbard yesterday continued
for sixty days the trial of the suit
of Katharlna Frank against Andrew
Frank for separate maintenance. Mrs.
Frank said on the stand that she would
ll\te with him if he would support her
and he immediately made the offer.
They were married on August 20 last,
and she brought two of her four chil
dren by a former marriage Into the
home. Frank became dissatisfied with
his flat and went to Oakland to rent
another. His wife refused to follow
him. He has $18,000 in bank and lives
on the interest.
The case of Arthur L. Piper, whose
wife is endeavoring to make him pay
overdue alimony, was continued forty
eight hours by Judge Sloss.
Divorces were granted yesterday by
Judge Hebbard to Catherine Bechler
from Joseph C Bechler, cruelty; by
Judge Troutt to August H. Zimmer
man from Helena Zimmerman, deser
tion; by Judge Sloss to Ethel Reed
from Christopher Reed, intemperance;
by Judge Seawell to Maud Home from j
Willis S. Home, desertion.
Suits for divorce were begun by Car- I
roll T. Hickey against Helen F. Hlckey, j
for intemperance and infidelity with j
Charles Myers, Reginald Harmon and
others unknown; John W. Oliver ,
against Florence Oliver, desertion; !
Elizabeth T. Baker against Joseph H.
Baker, desertion and cruelty; Emilie A.
Allen against James H. Allen, cruelty.
A stipulation has been filed whereby
Thomas S. Williams, who is suing his
wife, Ellen E. Williams, for divorce,
agrees to pay her $68 a month alimony
for life, provided she does not marry
and any alimony order made by the 1
court shall not be a lien upon his prop- {
erty. 1i
STRIKES GOLD
RIGHT IN TOWN
Old Miner Digging Cellar in
Sparks, Nevada, Uncovers
Quartz of High Value
FIND CAUSES A STIR
Sand Taken From Excava
tion and Panned Yields
Richly in Yellow Dust
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, Nev., Jan. 10.—While exca
vating for a cellar in the new railroad
town of Sparks to-day Earnest Vans,
an old miner from California, dug up
several .pieces of gold-bearing quartz
float. This excited him and he con
tinued to dig and in a short time un
covered more rock of the same nature.
The ore is very rich and in some
pieces of it the gold can readily be
seen. The sand in which the rock was
imbedded was black and, upon being
panned, gave high values in the pre
cious metal.
The old man searched for hours for
a ledge, but could find only a narrow
stringer of ore, which gave high values,
but which appeared to be isolated from
any other gold-bearing ore. The dis
covery created considerable excitement
in the town, and also In Reno, but as
the property is owned by A. A. Hib
bard of this city, no claims have been
located as yet. Specimens of the ore
are now on exhibition in this city.
STEAMBOAT STRIKES A ROCK
BUT PASSENGERS ARE SAVED
Dalles City Rushed to Sandbar In
Columbia River and Persons
Aboard Transferred.
PORTLAND. Jan. 10.—The river
steamboat Dalles City, bound from
thin city to The Dalles, struck a rock
in the Columbia River near Steven
son, Wash., to-day and began to fill.
Ker captain headed the steamboat
toward shore at full speed and man
aged to land on a sandbar. There was
a panic among the seventy "passengers,
but through the efforts of the com
mander and the crew the men and
women pn board were reassured.
The steamboat Regulator took the
passengers off the Dalles City and
proceeded up the river to The Dalles.
A big hole was torn In the Dalles
City's bow and it is feared that she
may go to pieces In the swift waters.
ADVERTISEMENTS. -.-. w .n
ROOS BROS.
OVERCOAT
• • • §<AL/IL • • •
You who know what a Roos Bros. Sale is need
only to be told that our Annual Overcoat Sale,
now one of our regular institutions, begins to-day.
Overcoats for Men Overcoats for Boys
Coats for Children Coats for Girls
Greatly Reduced
MEN'S and BOYS' OVERCOATS
Including Rain Coats, Paletots, Surtouts, Fancy Tweeds, Box Coats, Etc.
110.00 Overcoats, now $ 7.25
.112.50 Overcoats, now $ 8.75
#15.00 Overcoats, now $10.75
$18.00 Overcoats, now $12.75
$20.00 Overcoats, now $14.50
$25.00 Overcoats, now $18.50
$30.00 Overcoats, now $22.50
Higher Priced Coats Correspondingly Reduced
School Ov erco a t s Little Fellows' Overcoats
In Oxford Grays, Fancy Tweeds, In Navy, Royal Blue,
Tourists, Etc. . Tans, Etc.
$ 3.50 Coats, now $ 1.95 $ 4.00 Coats, now $ 2.75
$ 5.00 Coats, now $ 3.25 $ 6.00 Coats, now $ 4.25
$ 8.50 Coats, now $ 5.50 $ 7.50 Coats, now $ 5.25
$10.00 Coats, now $ 7.25 $8 50 Coats, now $ 6.00
$12.50 Coats, now $ 8.75 $10.00 Coats, now $ 7.25
$15.00 Coats, now $10.75 $12 50 Coats, now $ 9.25
$17.50 Coats, now $12.75 $15.00 Coats, now $11.25
GIRLS' COATS and REEFERS
In Blues and Fancy Tweeds.
£ 6.50 Coats, now $4.50
$ 8.00 Coats, now v . $5.50
$10 00 Coats, now $7.25
$13.50 Coats, now $8.75
ROOS BROS.
Kearny at Post
VICTORY WON
OVER GAMBLERS
Portland Sheriff Brings the
Ring to Justice and Thus
Ends Long War in Oregon
ACCUSED PLEAD GUILTY
Fines Are Imposed and the
Suits Filed Against the
Officer Are Withdrawn
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Jan. 10—The Portland
Club has capitulated and Sherfff Wdrd
has won a victory. Pleas of guilty
have been entered In the gambling
cases, lines imposed, damage cases
against Sheriff Word brought by the
owners of the Portland Club have been
withdrawn and the warfare that has
attracted attention throughout the
entire coast will come to an end. Gam
bling will not henceforth be carried on
at the club, the owners having pledged
themselves to that effect, and the sa
ioon connected therewith will be per
mitted to open.
The most powerful force of the lo
cal army of gamblers has been the
Portland Club, located at Fifth and
Alder streets and owned by Peter
Grant, Nathan Solomon and Harvey
Dale. Two political campaigns have
been fought based largely upon the
arrangement effected with the Port
land Club and the machine, and it has
been believed by informed politicians
that the worsting of the Portland Club
would be the shattering of the ma
chine.
Not alone the Portland Club, but the
other big gambling houses were press
ed to close. Chinese fantan games and
poker games in several places were
raided and arrests made.
Stopped from gambling, the owners
of the Portland Club, In retaliation,
caused the Institution of suits to re
cover large damages, the aggregate be
ing about $50,000. Still later, resistance
on their part continuing, the Sheriff
took away the gambling apparatus
from the Portland Club and stored it
at the Courthouse.
Drowns in Shallow Water.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 10.—Gerino Che
lan, an Italian laborer, was drowned
in the Stevens Creek near Mountain
View yesterday afternoon. He fell
Into water which was about four feet
deep. In some manner he became en
tangled in the brush at the bottom.
MURDER ENDS
ALASKAN FEUD
Capitalist Robert Ball of.
Seattle Kills William
Deppe, His Former Partner
HIS WEAPON A RIFLE
Slayer Claims to Be Ann
Arbor Graduate and Once
Lived in San Francisco
SEATTLE, Jan. 10.—Word was re
ceived here this evening of the killing
of William Deppe by Robert Ball, on
Fox Island, in Southeastern Alaska,
on the evening of January 2. The
principals in the tragedy were, until
a few days ago, friends and associates
in some marble properties located close
to the scene of the shooting. They
had a business disagreement, which
resulted in a personal encounter in
this city In which Ball was worsted.
Since that time they have been bitter
enemies and it is said each had made
threats to kill the other.
Ball was, until last October, presi
dent of the Great American Marble
Company, a concern capitalized at
$70,000,000. He was deposed in Octo
ber, but he still claimed an Interest in
the property and early last month
sailed for Alaska in order to protect,
as he claimed, his legal rights. Deppe
followed a few weeks later and ar
rived on the Island the night before
the shooting. He went to a cabin ad
joining that of Ball and later went to
the cabin occupied by Ball for the
purpose, as companions who accom
panied him say, of having a talk rela
tive to the claim. Deppe was ordered
out of the place and when he stopped
to remonstrate Ball picked up a rifle
and fired. Deppe fell, dying Aye min
utes later. Deppe's body was taken to
Wrangel, where the authorities were
notified, and officers left for the scene
of the shooting to arrest Ball.
Considerable mystery enshrouds
Ball's past life. He came to this city
about two years ago and launched out
as a capitalist and promoter. He
claimed to be a graduate of the Ann
Arbor College of Law and said that
he had practiced his profession in
New York and San Francisco.
Deppe had been a miner and pros
pector for a number of years and was
well known in Alaska. He came to
this city from lowa.
The hardest thing in the world to
convince a woman of Is that she snores.
34
JAPAN'S SHIPS
SEARCHING FOR
BALTIC FLEET
Squadron Making Progress in
Its Race to Meet Rojest
vensky's Division.
SANDAKAN, British North Borneo,
Jan. 10.—Two Japanese transports were
reported off Labun on January 4. Two
colliers for the Russian Baltic squadron
were at Labun on January 7.
PORT LOUIS, Island of Mauritius,
Jan. 10.—It is rumored here that a
Japanese squadron Is at Diego Garcia,
Chagos Islands.
The Russian admiral was informed
on January 2 that Japanese warships
were proceeding to meet the Russian
Fquadron, and the vigilance of the lat
ter was redoubled.
The aid-de-camp of the Russian ad
miral, in an interview at Tamatave,
capital of the Island of Madagascar,
was quoted as saying that the Russian
squadron would require a month to
cross the Indian Ocean.
ST.PETERSBURG.Jan. 10.—The Russ
to-day confirms the Paris Temps' re
port of yesterday that the first division
of the third Pacific squadron will leave
Libau at the end of January and will
consist of the warships Admiral Sen-
Javin. General Admiral Auraxine, Ad
miral Oushakoff and Nicholas I, the
cruiser Vladimir Monomach and sever
al torpedo-boat destroyers and torpedo
hoats.
PORT SAID. Egypt, Jan. 10.—The di
vision of Russian warships command
ed by Rear Admiral Botrovsky, which
left Suda Bay, Island of Crete, on Sun
day, has arrived here. It includes the
cruisers Oleg, Izumrud, Dnieper and
Rion and the torpedo-boat destroyers
Grozni, Gromski and Rezlty.
The Russian Minister, accompanied
by Captain Schwank of the Russian
navy, boarded the flagship Oleg. After
signing the necessary declarations the
vessels will be allowed a limited quan
tity of coal. The squadron will leave
Port Said at 10 o'clock to-morrow
morning.
A torpedo-boat destroyer, while en
tering the harbor to-day, struck and
sunk a coal lighter.
TOKIO HAS CHEERING NEWS.
Learns That Kuropatkin's Army Is
Becoming Demoralized.
TOKIO, Jan. 50—Information which
has reached certain reliable quarters
here states that the Russian generals
in Manchuria are losing confidence in
General Kuropatkin, and that the Rus
sian situation around Mukden is a seri
ous one. It Is feared that if Kuro
patkin attacks the Japanese positions
along the Shakhe River he will court
disaster, and that his further retreat
will mean the demoralization of his
army.
This information goes on to say that
there is constant bickering at Russian
Manchurian headquarters, and that
the soldiers are discontented, their dis
satisfaction beginning with the series
of retreats after the battle of Tellssu
(Vafangow) and the withdrawal from
Liaoyang, when it was believed that it
was possible to hold that place. The
climax came the Russian defeat
at the battle of the Shakhe River, fol
lowing Kuronatkin's strongly worded
order directing the forward movement,
dated October 2. This defeat brought
a storm of criticism on the com
mander in chief and resulted In dis
cord among the officers.
Long inaction, the Information al
leges. Is undermining the morale of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CATARRH OP THE STOMACH.
A Pleasant, Simple, but Safe and Ef
fectual Cure for It.
Catarrh of the stomach has long
been considered the next thing to In
curable. The usual symptoms are a
full or bloating sensation after eating,
accompanied sometimes with sour or
watery risings, a formation of gases,
causing pressure on the heart and
lungs and difficult breathing, bead
aches, fickle appetite, nervousness and
a general played out, languid feeling.
There is often a foul taste in the
. mouth, coated tongue and If the in
terior of the stomach could be seen It
would show a slimy. Inflamed condition.
The cure for this common and ob
stinate trouble is found in a treatment
which causes the food to be readily
thoroughly digested before it has time
to ferment and irritate the delicate
mucous surfaces of the stomach. To
secure a prompt and healthy digestion
is the one necessary thing to do and
when normal digestion Is secured the
Catarrhal condition will have disap
peared, s
According to Dr. Harlanson the safest
• and best treatment is to use after each
meal a tablet, composed of Diastase
Aseptic Pepsin, a little Nux, Golden
Seal and fruit acids. These tablets can
now be found at all drug stores under
the name of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab
lets and not being a patent medicine
can be used with perfect safety and
assurance that healthy appetite and
thorough digestion will follow their
" regular use after meals.
Mr. R. S. Workman, Chicago, Ills
writes: "Catarrh is a local condition
resulting from a neglected cold in the
head, whereby the lining membrane of
the nose becomes inflamed and the
poisonous discharge therefrom passing
backward into the throat reaches the
stomach, this producing catarrh of the
stomach. Medical authorities pre
scribed for me for three years for
catarrh of stomach without cure, but
to-day I am the happiest of men after
using only one box of. Stuart's Dys
pepsia Tablets. I can not find appro
priate words to express my good feel
ing. I have found flesh, appetite and
sound rest from their use."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the
safest preparation as well as the
simplest and most convenient remedy
for any form of Indigestion, catarrh
of stomach, biliousness, soUr stomach,
heartburn and bloating after meals.
CASTORIA
tot Infants and CnUdreiL
Hie Kind You Have Always Bought
. Signature of
DDTTCIITTC FOR barbers, bak-
DnUoilco «»• boo '! > ' ; ? ck i- I>atn 
houses, billiard tabic*,
brewer*, bookbinders. candy makers, cannera.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper
hangers, printers, painters. Shoe factories, sta
blemen, tar-roafers. tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St. j
the Russian army, and it is pointed out
that recent skirmishes and outpost
brushes indicate that the Russian sol
diers are becoming disheartened, as
they do not show their former fighting
spirit or qualities.
The siege guns to be. sent to Man
churia from Port Arthur will be placed
in advanced for the purpose
of enabling the Japanese to shell far
Into the Russian lines.
DUBS STOESSEL A COWARD.
British Correspondent Would Rob Old !
Warrior of His Laurels.
LONDON, Jan. 10.—The corre
spondent at Port Arthur of the Dally
M«il says that on January 8 twenty
Japanese were killed by the "explosion
of a contact mine inside one of the
forts and that two mines in the town
also exploded.
The Daily Telegraph's Port Arthur j
correspondent says that, according to
Stories brought by prisoners, the real i
defender of the fortress was Major J
General Kondratenko, commander of j
the Seventh East Siberian Rifle !
Brigade, who was killed on December j
IS, and that if he had lived it is
probable the fortress would not have j
been surrendered. General Stoessel, !
the correspondent adds, was inclined
to surrender as early as last August.
The garrison, he says, included 10,000
Poles, who were Indifferent fighters, j
REVOLUTION IMPENDING.
Standard Oil Agents Report Probabil
ity of Rising in Russia.
BOSTON, Jan. 10.—Secret informa
tion has been received by the Stand
ard Oil Company from its agents in
Russia that a great rising of the dls- !
contented peasantry, assisted by the i
Socialist and Nihilist elements, dls- j
affected members of the nobility and
the middle classes is planned and
that an outbreak is likely to come at
any time. It is possible that the re
turn and court martial of General
Stoessel will be selected as the oppor- 1
tune time, as the feeling In military
circles, as well as among the civil
classes, is very bitter over the official
persecution of this gallant officer, even
though the ancient military law de- i
mands his trial.
Believes Russia Will Triumph.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 10.—A
French military attache who has Just
returned from the Far East, in an
interview to-day expressed the firmest
confidence that, despite the reverses
suffered by the Russians on land and
sea, they would prosecute the war to
a successful finish. The fall of Port
Arthur, he added, would change noth
ing. The fortress had in reality some
what embarrassed the plan of cam
paign, but it had also served its pur
pose.
Wide Area of Mine District.
TOKIO, Jan. 10.—The Navy De
partment says that the district cov
ered with submarine mines had a
radius of forty miles outside of Port
Arthur. It reports the destruction and
explosion of 395 of these mines to
date. Ten additional survivors of the
third expedition of the Japanese to
blockade the entrance to Port Arthur
have been found in Russian hospitals.
They have been transferred to the
Japanese.
Russia's Gloom Deep-Seated.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 10.—It is
stated that the Imperial family prob
ably will remain at Tsarskoe-Selo
throughout the winter, the Emperor
not even returning to the Winter Pal
ace in St. Petersburg. All official
gayetlee will be dispensed with owing
to the war, and balls and other state
functions have been countermanded.
Kaiser Honors Two War Heroes.
BERLIN, Jan. 10.—Emperor Wil
liam has conferred on General Stoessel
and General Nogi the Order of "Pour
le Merite" Jn recognition of the brav
ery of themselves and their troops at
Port Arthur. His Majesty has asked
the Russian and Japanese Emperors to
authorize Generals Stoessel and Nogi
to accept the decorations.
* — 4.
WORK BEGINS
ON NEW ROAD
Line to Connect San Mateo
and Santa Clara Will Be
Rushed by the Builders
Special Dispatch to The Cail.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 10. — Work com
menced yesterday on the Parkinson
toad, which is to run from San Mateo
to Santa Clara and connect with the
San Jose line there. A San Francisco
company has the contract. It put sev
enty-five men and twenty-five teams
•to work between Palo Alto and May
field. The ground will be ready for 'he
rails within two weeks. As soon as
this stretch is finished the construc
tion of the rest of the line will be
rushed.
At Mayfleld there is a fight between
the San Jose-Los Gatos Interurban
Company and the Parkinson road for
a franchise through the town. The
place occupies a peculiar position be
cause of the university grant surround
ing it and through which a road can
not be built. The Parkinson people
have asked the Town Trustees to sell
them a franchise through the place
without bidding, but the City Attor
ney has declared that such cannot be
done. The interurban has also asked
for a franchise over the same route
If it comes down to bidding for the
franchise it will bring on a financial
struggle. The Parkinson people declare
they will mandamus the Trustees of
Mayfleld to grant them the franchise.
The San Jose and Los Gatos Inter
urban Electric Railway, is seek
ing a franchise on East Fernando street
to connect with its proposed east side
system, is meeting with organized op
position from the property owners on
the thoroughfare. The First-street
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1905.
ROOSEVELT
FOR CHANGE
IN TARIFF
j Will Call an Extra Session
of Congress as Early as
Possible to Revise the
Schedules Now in Force
READJUSTMENT WILL
NOT BE SWEEPING
i
President Will Press Action
to Supervise the Inter
state Freight Rates of
Railroads of the Country
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—President
Roosevelt favors the earliest possible
action looking to a revision by Con
gress of the tariff. He so Informed the
| Senators and Representatives, who
j were in conference with him at the
i White House last Saturday, and he
j has made plain his position to others
i since that conference. He will call
j the Fifty-ninth Congress into extra
[• ordinary session as soon as the com
! mittees have indicated that they are
[ prepared to submit a tariff measure
t for passage.
One of those present at the con
! ference on Saturday said to-day in
j view of the many conflicting stories
• published regarding the meeting, that
j the President informed them that,
I while he did not believe in any sweep
! ing revision of the tariff and would
, abide absolutely by the Judgment of
the two houses of Congress in a mat
! ter that related so particularly to
! them, yet he did think the time had
come when the schedules should be
I thoroughly examined and there should
i be a readjustment.
The President added that his own
I view was that the special session
should take place at the earliest date
lat which the committees of the two
| houses could come to an agreement.
llf they took this view, he said, he
! would hold himself ready to call the
• extraordinary session at whatever
! time the members of the two commit
j tees, especially the House Committee
ion Ways and Means, should inform
j him they would be ready with their
! report.
I MAY MEET IN OCTOBER,
If Congress should act on the tariff
' question in accordance with the Presi
i dent's desire, it was made perfectly
plain to-day that the extraordinary
I session would be called to assemble
j the coming spring. It has been point- j
ed out, however, by the tariff experts
of the House and Senate that it will
require many weeks to prepare a ;
; measure for submission to the House, j
: The President realizes that there is a i
' practical objection to an early spring
session of Congress, as the members ;
iof the committees have not the time
new necessary to devote to the prep- j
aration of a tariff bill,
j So far as the President is concerned
'he would be willing to have Congress j
lin session during the summer months,
jHe has indicated his entire readiness j
j to remain in Washington next summer
if-Congress will undertake at that time
the consideration of a tariff measure,
but Congress, thus far, has shown no
disposition to accede to the proposi
tion of a hot weather session.
While no decision of a definite char*
; acter has been reached as to the time
i of the extraordinary session, it Is reas- i
onable to believe that if one should be
called to meet next autumn It prob
ably will be in October.
It was added that there is not the
least prospect of differences so radical '
arising between the President and the '
Republican leaders In Congress over!
the tariff question as to cause a split
In the party. While the President is
d%eply in earnest In his desire for tariff
revision, he regards the question as
one of expediency inasmuch as no prin
clple Is at stake.
TO FIGHT RAILROADS.
On another question, however—that
of legislation relating to interstate ''
freight rates of railroads —his mind is
auite made up. He will fight for that
legislation, and fight hard. He hopes
to secure from Congress some definite I
Action regarding that, legislation at the ■
present session, but if he does not, he !
will, bring the subject again before
Congress at the proposed extraordinary i
session and will urge with all his power i
the crystallization Into law of the rec- \
ommendations he has already made to j
Congress on that question. The freight i
rate question he does not regard as
one of expediency. He holds that It
la a subject In which a great moral
principle is involved, and one very near i
to all the people of the country. He !
regards it, in fact, as the paramount \
issue at this time.
Some concern was given at the con
ference to the subject of appropria- j
tions to be authorized at the present j
session of Congress. The President 1
cordially approved of the disposition of \
Congress to hold the appropriations j
down to the lowest possible limit, but 1
he urged very strongly that the naval i
appropriations should not be material
ly disturbed, saying that the best guar- :
antee of peace for this country lies in i
a strong and homogeneous navy, and
(hat the navy programme as mapped j
out should be carried into effect, with- '
out the dropping of a single vessel.
TIM President maintained that Con- ;
gress should authorize the construction
not merely of one or two cruisers, but 1
of battleships, and he expressed the
hone that an agreement with him in !
this regard might be reached in Con- 1
gress.
WELLS-FARGO EMPLOYES
ARRIVE IN NEW YORK
Three Carloads From San Francisco
Now Ensconsed in Their New
Homes.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.—Three car- j
loads of Wells-Fargo employes ar- i
rived here from San Francisco to-day.
They have been, wending their way
hitherward for tne last week and to
day saw the vanguard safely en
sconsed with wives and families in the
heart of Manhattan. With them also
came "Tad," the artist.
Of the party who arrived to-day
and reported at the office in the
Wells-Fargo building were Auditor j
Bunnell, Cashier Rivers of the San I
Francisco office, Paying Teller Jules'
Brady, Messrs. Cox, Burr, Kendall,
Laurence, Cottell, Humphries, John
Adams, Muth, Luth and Rivers; Mes
dames Burt, Kendall and Rivers and j
the two Misses Kendall.
* #
Railway Company is also trying to
block the plan. s
It is Intended to form a loop, making
the San Frenando-street line the en
trance into the city for the system on
the east side of the valley. There will
be branches to Alum Rock Park, Ever
green, Berryessa and Wayne Station.
INCURS IRE
OF THE KING
OF ENGLAND
Why Richard Croker Is De
barred From Training His
Racing Stable on Grounds
of the Newmarket Heath
ANGERS SOVEREIGN
AT A HORSE SALE
Former "Boss" of New York
Makes Mistake of Bidding
Against Edward VII for
Yearling Thoroughbreds
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DUBLIN, Jan. 10.—Retaliation for a
! "slight put upon King Edward" is the
explanation of the interdiction of the
Jockey Club which bars Richard Croker
j from training his horses on the grounds
lof Newmarket Heath.
The newspapers here declare they
I learn from good authority that the
\ stewards are moved in their prohibi T
; tion by what they consider the pre
' sumption of Croker In bidding success
fully against King Edward for prize
i yearlings during the sale at Doncaster
lln September last. A syndicate had
been formed for the purchase of the
pick of the offerings. King Edward
and the Duke of Devonshiie were mem
bers. They were represented by Lord
Marcus Beresford, who did the bid
ding.
These details were noised about
among prospective bidders. For Eng
lishmen the hint was more than suffi
cient and they retired precipitously
from competition with the royal sports
man. Not so Croker. With the bull-
I dog determination that made him one
lof the most feared men In New York
politics, he entered the sale with a
determination to own the yearlings at
any price,
i The assembled quality of the king
' dom gasped with amazement when* the
American opened the bidding for Glen
cairn Maid and, after a spirited contest,
lifted his noble competitors quite out of
i the competition, taking the filly for
$16,000. The Gallinule-Tierce filly was
■ next offered, with the same result,
Croker carrying off the prize at a cost
' of $18,000.
Richard Croker has received the fol
lowing from the secretary of the Jockey
, Club In reply for an explanation of the i
j Croker asking for an explanation of the
< refusal of the Jockey Club to grant
him permision to train his horses at
: Newmarket:
, "The Jockey Club will remind you
. that the, training grounds at New
market are the private property of the
j Jockey Club and that no one is allowed i
ito train on the grounds without per- i
> mission is first asked and received. I
am directed by the stewards to In
; form you that they do not wish you to
i have your horses trained at New
; market."
ESCAPE AWFUL
DEATH AT SEA
Survivors of the Norwegian
Bark Marpesia Wrecked on
Christmas Day Reach Port
•
NEW YORK, Jan 10.—Seven sur
vivor* of the ill-fated Norwegian ship
Marpesia, which was wrecked at sea
Jon Christmas day by an explosion of
! naphtha, resulting in the death of
! eleven members of her crew, arrived
I here to-day on the steamship Trinidad
: from Bermuda. They had been rescued
]by the Danish steamship Gallia, which
happened by just at the 1 moment when
the Marpesia was blown into a shape-.
; less mass. The seven men who sur
vived the shock were taken from the
! sea, wheie they had sought the only
iefuge that remained to them after the
J explosion. They were landed at Ber
muda by the Gallia, which was bound
! from Hamburg for Savannah,
i The Marpesia sailed from New York
i for Cette, France, on December 9 with
' a cargo of naphtha, and had been out
: only a day or two when her troubles
began. One gale succeeded another,
i but all were weathered safely amd
: without much damage until December
| 17. On that day the ship was battered
I and knocked about in a mere iless man-
I ner. Her ventilators were carried
| away at the decks, her hold began to
i fill and the cargo of caEes of naphtha
i began to warp back and forth with
I every movement of the vessel. Soon
! the cases began to give way under the
i strain, and in a little while the freed
j naphtha was floating around on top
of the water in the hold.
Gas from the fluid accumulated
steadily, and on Christmas day the
: Marpesia was a loaded bomb, needing
i only the slightest spark to blow ' the
I structure to atoms. How the spark
j reached the highly charged hold will
never be known, but suddenly there
! came a terrific report, the forward
: decks shot up into the air with a crash
I and a roar, and in a moment the en
tire ship was wrapped in flames. Those
i of the eighteen men on board who had
! not been caught in the first burst
' threw themselves over the side of the
j flaming ship into the sea. There were
• only seven, and the seven would have
i followed their companions to an early
i death had not the Gallia, which
j chanced to be in the vicinity, come to
; their aid.
Chadwick Diamonds Located.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Jan. 10.—Of- '
ficials of the customs department have ;
succeeded in locating more than $50,
--000 worth of diamonds and jewels
owned by Mrs. Chadwick, upon which,
it is declared, no duty was paid when
they were brought into this country
from Europe. Most of these valuables,
it is said, are in the hands of persons
in this city, who hold them as secur
ity for loans made to Mrs. Chadwick.
ju !
FREE FREE |
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Large Box of
BUTTER BRITTLE.
A Delicious Confection,
Made by
THEOPOLD MORRIS A CO.
_____
Free With "Every Small Ad In I
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Farther
Particulars.
* h
UNDERWRITERS OF COAST
ASSEMBLE IN CONVENTION
Fuller Suaaests Educational Plan
PRESIDENT OF THE FIRE UNDERWRITERS' ASSOCIATION OF THE PACIFIC.
WHICH OPENED ITS ANNUAL CON VENTION IN THIS CITY YESTERDAT,
AND TWO OF ITS MOST ACTIVE MEMBERS.
At the twenty-ninth annual conven- i
tion of the Fire Underwriters' Asso
ciation of the Pacific, which opened in
this city yesterday. President J. L.
Fuller urged upon the "field men," the
experts connected with the fire under
writing of the Pacific Coast, the tak
ing of a very important step. Some
time ago the executive committee of
the association, which represents a ter
ritory extending from Montana to 1
Texas and the entire Pacific Coast, ad
vocated the formation of a federation
of insurance associations in the United ;
States, similar to those that exist on I
the other side of the Atlantic.
A federation prospers in Great Brit- ;
am and Ireland. The executive com
mittee of the Pacific Association has
already sent invitations to other or
ganizations of insurance men in the
United States, but has received no
respon?e yet to the suggestion that a j
great association shall be formed.
President Fuller reviewed the steps
that have been taken elsewhere. He
said that in comparison with the in
surance institutes of Great Britain and
Ireland none of the insurance organi
zations of the United States have ad
vanced in technical education to the
position reo.uired by the federation.
"Possibly." said President Fuller, "the
time is premature, but technical train
ing in underwriting is needed."
It was time for the subject to be
considered. Incidentally President Ful
ler gave an account of what has been
done elsewhere. This in part is as
follows:
t shall try to point out the way that has
been "blaz<vl" by our brethren tn Oreat
Britain, commencing with the institute of ac
tuaries, which was founded in 1848. While
this iiisUtute, as the nafme implies, is devoted
to life insurance, its existence and workings
influenced the formation of other life insti
tutes and also those combining Are and life,
the first of the latter class being the Institute
of Manchester, which was founded In 1873.
In the course of time nine other combined fire
and life institutes were founded, all em
bodying about the same educational scope,
which includ s a regular course of study and
examination of students.
In, 1897 these institutions, ten In number,
federated under the name of the Federation
of Insurance Institutes of Great Britain and
Ireland, which is the only federation of Insur
ance Institutes' in the world to-day.
The value that is placed upon the privilege
of being leroanlzod by this f-derated body Is
demonstrated by the action of our friends just
across the border line, in Canada, where there
are two thriving institutes, of Montreal and
Toronto. Thes=> two institutions work jointly
In the educat'ohal course and are now prac
tically members of the federated body on the
other side of the water.
PAINTS STRONG PICTURE.
President Fuller, whose address was
filled with practical thoughts from be
ginning to end. strongly recommended
the better education of the younger
insurance men in underwriting and in
whatever appertains to it, and said in
part:
Here we are, one hundred companies strong,
handling a premium income aggregating up
ward of $15,000,000 annually, without the
proper educational safeguard. Just think of
this, too, by way of comparison: The head
office staff of-one company alone constitutes
the active membership of one of the institutes
included in the Federation of Insurance Insti
tutes of Oreat Britain and Ireland. Further
more. Insurance Institute work, so far as I
can learn, is confined to the English speaking
countries of the globe and the United States
Is the only one of them not having this system
of education. Just see where we stand:
Circled around us is Great Britain and Ire
land with eleven institutes, Australia with
four. New Zealand with two. South Africa with
one and Canada with two.
In view of the foregoing, the question now
arises: Must we conUnue In the narrow path,
or shall we broaden our course and try to
keep up with the procession of educated work
ers? If the latter course be decided upon, let
us act now and have it said that the first
recognised insurance Institute founded In the
United States was established under the aus
pices ©f the Fire Underwriters' Association of
the Pacific.
Long and earnest applause testified
to the favor that was accorded to thef
suggestions made by President Ful*
ler. A committee will consider and j
report to-day and will probably make 1
! suggestions that may lead to some
practical results.
SOME ESSAYS ARE READ.
\ paper W&S read by George M.
Robertson that held, the undivided at
tention of the convention. This was
replete with facts relating to sprink
lers maintained as a protection against
nre in buildings. At the close of the
addiesr questions were asked by the
members of the association, who
were present to the number of about
4u". Mr. Robertson; who was the
principal essayist of the forenoon,
Used vdiagrams to illustrate.
Several entertaining themes were
treated by other members of the asso
ciation in set papers. J. P. Moore
talked about the benefits that a com
plete insurance library hold out to the
studiously inclined underwriters as a
source of necessary information. R.
C. Medcraft spoke about "The Brain
work in Our Business." F. G. Stamf
ord read a paper on "The Careless
H:izard in Our Business"; F. J. Alex
Mayer dealt with "The Adjustment of
Book Losses With and Without
Books," and A. W. Whitmer discussed
"A Sawmill Inspection." To-day
there will be additional papers and
the annual election. This evening the
session will be wound up appropriate
ly with a banquet, at which several
hundred insurance men will be in at
tendance.
I For persons with Weak Lungs, an AllcocVs Plaster placed B|
I on the chest and another between the shoulder blades j|l
I is a sure protection. Prevents bronchitis\ pneumonia and |; |
HI For a heavy cold on the chest it's the best treatment. H
sli REMEMBER—Allcock's Planters bare been in u«e over 66 years. E9
H9 They are the original and genuine porous plasters and have never been I i
KJg equalled as a pain<curer. Guaranteed not to contain belladonna, opium f_t
pg or any poison whatever. Insist Upon Having Aflcoclr*. M
TURKS GETTING
READY FOR WAR
Sultan Prepares for Con
flict This Year With the
Bulgarians and the Greeks
FIGHTS IN MACEDONIA
Reports of Preparation for
Strife Are Confirmed by a
Letter Received in London
LONDON, Jan. 10.—The active prep
arations already reported to have be
gun in Turkey and Bulgaria for a pos
sible war this year are fully confirmed
by a private letter received in London
from a Minister accredited to the Bal
kan courts. This Minister, who has
Just completed a tour of the Balkan
capitals, writes that the Turkish and
Bulgarian Governments are energetic
ally preparing for eventualities.
Large shipments of arms and ammu
nition have been made, and recruits
from Asia Minor are arriving at Salon
ica weekly for service in the Turkish
army. The Bulgarian and Greek bands
in Macedonia are increasing dally and
are fighting each other and the Turks.
This three-cornered guerrilla warfare
threatens to assume the bloodiest phase
In the spring.
"But," concludes the Minister,
"whether or not there will be real war
fare between Turkey and Bulgaria in
the spring I am not prophet enough to
say. Unless certain powers think the
time la opportune, war may be post
poned this year, as last, but In any
event we are a year nearer the inevit
able conflict."
KAISER'S PRIVATE DENTIST
PUTS AN END TO HIS LIFE
Dr. Sylvester, an American. Sends •
Bullet Through His Head
in Berlin..
BERLIN, Jan. 10.—Dr. Alonso Syl
vester. Emperor William's American
dentist, committed suicide here to
day. He shot himself through the
head.
The Emperor was fond of Dr. Syl
vester. He created him a royal Prus
sian councilor, appointed him his pri
vate dentist and gave him many pres
ents. Dr. Sylvester was the pioneer
American dentist in Berlin, having
come here thirty years ago. ' He had
an extraordinarily large professional
income, but had nevertheless financial
difficulties. Recently Dr. Sylvester
had been suffering from a severe at
tack of influenza and for two or three
days past he had talked incoherently.
GERMAN COAL MINERS
ON VERGE OF BIG STRIKE
Operators Pursue Course That Is Ex*
pected to Cause Serious Trouble
With Men.
COLOGNE, Germany, Jan. 10.—
Both the coal miners and mine
owners throughout the Rhenish and
Westphalian districts are preparing
for a general strike. So far only 20,
--000 out of a total of 270,000 men con
cerned have gone out. The mine prof
prietors began rejecting requests yes>.
terday. As soon as their replies are
received the miners, according to their
previous decision, do not go to work
when it is time for their next shift.
The employers, under the law fixing
the relation of employer and employe,
are notifying the miners to return to
work or be discharged with the loss
of six days' wages.
HERMAN MAJOR KILLED
IN SOUTHWEST AFRICA
Baron yon Nannendorf and Three
Other Officers Slain In Battle
With Natives.
BERLIN, Jan. 10.—In the fight be
tween the German troops command
ed by Major Meisler and the insurgent
! Witboys in German Southwest Africa
lon January 2, 3 and 4 Major Baron
I yon Naunendorf and three other of
ficers and fifteen men were killed.
Four officers and forty-five men were
wounded.
Decides for Oakland Ball Team.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Jan. 10.—At «
meeting of the National Association of
Minor Baseball Leagues to-day It was
decided to grant protection to the
Northwest League, which includes the
following cities: Salt Lake, Ogden.
Butte, Helena, Great Falls and Spo
kane. The contest of the Oakland
(Cal.) Club and the Milwaukee Club
for player Larry Schlafley was decided
in favor of the Oakland Club.MIZPAH POWERFUL
IN MANY LINES.
buffers*a Little
Through Lack
of Age.
In "Mizpah," the Biblical drama by
Ella Wheeler Wilcox and Luscombe
Searelle, produced for the first time
anywhere this week at the Majestic
Theater, the playwrights have at least
chosen a theme of exceptional beauty.
It is the story of Esther, told in four
acts and nine scenes, and in rhymed
and blank verse. Mr. Searelle in a
note to me claims 12S1 of the lines, leav
ing 461 to Mrs. Wilcox's credit. He has
further furnished the incidental music
—though he objects modestly to being
programmed —as he is—as "the musical
wizard." Mr. Searelle might perhaps
leave that safely to us. Certainly the
musical setting of "Mizpah" cannot be
harged up to any kind of wizardry.
• ' The play itself is an unaffected, inter
sting, somewhat ingenuous and rather
looseiy handled presentation of the
story. It has atmosphere, a certain
< olorful orientalism, but it lacks age.
Its Persia might be the Persia of to
day—Vashti.for example, in her curtain
lecture to Ahasuerus on not being al
lowed to share the king business, is as
much the new woman of the current
comic papers as Carrie Nation. One
.gets again from Vashti a quite modern
dithyramb about the pen's might over
the sword, and so on. And the piece
lacks largely in the ancient sternness
.of fiber. Ahasuerus is more of a
charming philosopher and lover than
'warrior and king. Hainan, too, the bit
terly ambitious, in his presentment
here, with his rather childish inter
ruptions of the king's dicta, becomes
not infrequently something not unlike
the enfant terrible. As a whole, in
short, the picture does not fill the
frame.
The love interest, as might be ex
pected from the "poetess of passion,"
is heavily accented, and happily. Mrs.
Wilcox —surely these are of the 461—
in these lines and scenes is at her
best. The scene w here Esther comes to
meet the King is the best in the play,
and handled with felicitous delicacy
and sincerity by Miss Adele Block and
J. H. Gilmour. There is the profane
love, too, of Vashti and Haman, clev
erly contrasted, and interpreted to
the' necessary degree of sultriness by
■Eleanor Gordon and Howard Gould.
". Mr. Monahan, of that queer and fla
vorful sheet, the "Papyrus," hails
•.Mrs. Wilcox as the leading woman
'writer of the day—then proceeds to say
that he means ethicist and philoso
pher. So far as literature goes "Miz
pari" does not establish Mr. Monahan's
claim. The lines have prettiness. occa
sionally strength, even occasionally
poetry, but except here lack wholly in
distinction. However, they run along
easily enough, and tell the story with
commendable clearness; and altogether,
given a scenic setting of adequate
splendor—the Majestic is excellent for
a stock house—with all the luxury and
richness of detail that was expended
upon, say "Ben Hur," quicken the
action of the piece, cut judiciously,
and' you would have a play at least, as
effective as most of the biblical dramas
that have yet made their appearance.
In subject it is more fortunate than
most.
The play owes a good deal to the act
ing. Mr. Gould makes an Ahasuerus
of notable charm, his love scenes with
Esther, as before said, of sincere
and convincing beauty. His reading of
the lines lends much gYace to them.
Miss Block, as Esther, has done noth
ing so good since her Kundry. The
conception has aH the delicate woman
liness—maidenliness—and later the full
queenliness essential to the illusion. As
a picture Miss Block is wholly charm
ing. Is not Miss Gordon's Vashti some
what over-shrewish? And would not
her bearing a little more befit a dancer
than a queen? But Miss Gordon suc
ceeds admirably in suggesting the plot
ting and passionate woman, and she is
a stunningly handsome picture. Mr.
Gould is effective in the modern fash
lon as Haman, and Mr. Mac Vicar's
Mordecai has genuine feeling. The
nthers fill in without disaster, the hand
some costumes lending color and splen
dor to the very well-staged piece. Mr.
Searelle's music is occasionally pretty,
hut trivial in the connection.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
"Hedda Gabler" at the Grand.
"Hedda Gabler" was presented at
the Grand Opera-house yesterday af
ternoon by Blanche Bates and her
company. The performance was de
serving of a better attendance than
was present. Miss Bates was excel
lent in the leading role and was well
supported by the other members of
•the company.
MYSTERIOUS FIRE GUTS
THREE-STORY BUILDING
• Flames Break Out in Awning Factory
of Ross McMahon and $20,000
Worth of Damage Results.
Fire broke out in the tent and awn
ing factory owned by Ross McMahon,
35 Market street, shortly before 1
o'clock this morning, and before the
blaze was extinguished the three
stories of the building were badly
gutted. The loss to the building and
Its contents will probably reach $20,
--000, including the damage sustained
to the restaurant of Detjen & Men
gel, on the ground floor.
The cause of the blaze is a mys
tery. It was discovered by a watch
man, and two alarms were sent in.
The department did good work and
kept the blaze from spreading to
nearby buildings. No one was in
jured.
ARKANSAS CITT, Kans., Jan. io._Flre
that started here to-day and for a time threat
ened the business section destroyed the Col
orado block a four-story structure, causing a
total loss estimated at $100.000.
A^VERTISJEM-ENTS.
No Pain
Is so severe that it cannot be relieved
with Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills.
It is the only Infallible remedy known
for the relief and cure of every kind of
pain, headache, from any cause, neural
gia, rheumatic pains, backache, sideache,
menstrual pains, muscular pains, stom
achache, toothache, etc.
If you are subject to aches and pains
of any kind, take
Dr. Miles'
Anti-Pain Pills,
"W hen you feel the first symptom com
ing on. You will be entirely relieved*
from the attack. They are pleasant lit
tle tablets, but they do the business—
besides, they are absolutely harmless.
•'I have used Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills
for three years, .and they never fall to
relieve my nervcps headache and neural
gia. I have learned to get the best of
the attacks by taking a tablet in ad
vance."—RACHEL J. JOHNSON, Albu
querque, N. M.
If first package does not benefit you,
tell your druggist and he will refund
money.
■ 25 doses, 26 cents. Never sold in bulk.
FORMER SAN FRANCISCO GIRL
WHO IS WITH THE SILVER
SLIPPER COMPANY.
Dancing Wins
Her Place in
Sextette.
In the ranks of the sextet of dancing
girls, who perform the sensational
champagne dance in the "Silver Slip
per," which will be seen in the Grand
Opera House next week, is a little
American girl who was born and bred
in San Francisco. Her name is Gladys |
Turner, and she will certainly demon
strate that dancers of the highest or- i
der can be found in America. It is no
longer necessary to bring them from
England.
One of the English dancers of the
sextet was taken sick the fore part of
the season and Mr. Fisher was at a loss
to know how to fill her place.
Miss Turner learned of the va
cancy, made application for the
position, was accepted, and it is safe
to say she can hold her own with any
of the other dancers, who are grad
uated from the famous George Ed
wards English school of dancing.
Miss Turner has not been seen iff San
Francisco since she has acquired a
stage reputation. Her return to the
city of her birth will prove a delight to
her many friends.
FAMOUS DIVAS
IN A QUARREL
Madame Eames' Shapely
Hand Smites Face of
Madame Senger Bettaque
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.—At the re
hearsals of "Lohengrin," in the Metro
politan Opera-house, Mme. Emma
Eames and Mme. Senger Bettaque
quarreled about the superiority and
rank of their respective roles. Mme.
Eames gave her rival a sharp slap on
ihe face.
"Ladies!" called out the director.
Mme. Senger Bettaque began
searching in her pocket, but when
her hand came into view happily it
held nothing more formidable than a
book of rules compiled by Frau
Cosima Wagner for the festival house
at Bayreuth. One rule provided:
"If the soprano should slap the face
of the contralto the soprano should
apologize on her knees to the contral
to and pay fine of 500 marks."
"You shall apologize on your knees
to me, M'r=s Touch-Me-Xot," she con
tinued, "and pay $100, Miss Yankee."
"You are not a contralto. I would
apologize if you were. And we are
not at Bayreuth." said Mme. Eames.
"And I shall not go on my knees ex
cept to thank the Lord that I am a
Yankee instead of a Dutch woman."
But Mme. Eames was finally made
to apologize, nevertheless.
BANKERS SAY THAT STORY
OF SALE IS UNTRUTHFUL
Bank of California Has Not Bought
London and San Francisco
Bank, Limited.
Manager Anderson of the Bank of
California and William Mackintosh,
manager of the London and San Fran
cisco Bank, Limited, denied positively
yesterday that there was any truth
in a published story that the Bank of
California had purchased the London
and San Francisco Bank. Manager
Mackintosh said that the statement re
garding the sale that has appeared In
print was mendacious and asserted
that there has been no sale to either
the Bank of California or any other !
bank. He also said that the story of
sale was ridiculous for the reason that
directors of British banks cannot sell
without the consent of the share
holders. More than one-third of the
shares of the London and San Fran
cisco Bank are held in this city. Hence
there could be no sale, as it would be
necessary to give notice publicly to
the shareholders before asking their
consent to such a transaction.
INVOLUNTARY BANKRUPT.—Creditors ot
T. D. Orr, a dealer in bicycle*. sporting goods
and cigars at Willows, filed a petition yester
day In the United Btates District Court asking
that he be declared an involuntary Insolvent.
They represent an a«recate indebtedness of j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 11, 1905.
LONDON SHOWN
ON THE CANVAS
Burton Holmes' Travelogue
on Great Metropolis Pleases
Vast Audience at Lyric Hall
i
•TALK IS INSTRUCTIVE
•
i Pictures of Queen Victoria
and King Edward Are
Cheered With Enthusiasm
I •
'"In London" was the travelogue of
' Burton Holmes at Lyric Hall last
' night. The familiar scenes of the
world's great metropolis were loudly
j applauded as they rolled upon the
! canvas.
For those who have had the good for
tune to visit that wonderful city the
exquisite views at last night brought
I back the scenes with great vividness.
;It w r as almost like being in London
again. For those who had never been
in that city the travelogue was a liber
al and thorough education.
The 154 scenes displayed represented
selections from every portion of that
greac city. West End, East End, slums,
houses of parliament, parks, museums,
palaces, law courts, Bank of England,
precessions and galleries were all ex
quisitely illustrated by pictures that
were the very gems and perfection of
the photographers' art.
Many of these were exquisitely col
ored. Besides these, there were nine
teen motion pictures. They represent
led coronation processions, Petticoat
! Lane, the East End Ghetto, Hyde Park,
May fair, the Sunday church parade,
j changing of the guard at St. James
i Palace and the trooping of the color.
The picture of the precession of
i Queen Victoria's jubilee evoked much
j enthusiasm. As het Majesty appeared
;in an open carriage bowing to the
j throngs of people that lined the streets
; the audience broke into prolonged
; cheering.
The picture representing King Ed
; ward on his way to the coronation was
a splendidly arranged affair. As the
King appeared in the royal gilded
| chariot, drawn by twelve magnificent
white Arab chargers, he received a
great volley of applause. Lord Roberts
was also similarly honored, as he ap
peared In one of the passing pageants.
The lecture or talk of Mr. Holmes
I was in itself a great treat. He graph
ically described every picture in a high
|ly comprehensive manner. Dashes of
: sparkling humor were frequently in
' terspersed throughout his interesting
, remarks. The hall was packed to its
greatest capacity. Applause was fre
quent and spontaneous. "In London"
: will be repeated again to-night, and
next to seeing London itself, comes
Burton Holmes with his travelogue.
CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
ENTERTAINS ITS FRIENDS
Basket Ball Games and Wrestling
Contests Excite the Large Crowd
In Attendance.
The Young Men's Christian Associa
tion gymnasium held an overflowing
crowd last night on the occasion of
the first ladies' evening given by that
organization this year. The enter
tainment provided for the guests con
sisted mainly of athletics, the features
of which were several wrestling
matches and basket ball contests be
tween teams of young women ' and
young men. In the wrestling tourna
ment R. E. Barney of the Y. M. C. A.
and C. D. Pentony of the Olympic
Club strove for the lightweight hon
ors, the former being awarded the de
cision. In the middleweight contest
G. F. Anloff of the Reliance Club of
Oakland defeated Edward Mistelskl
of the Y. M. C. A. In the heavy- j
weight match Emil Tshumi of the
Olympic Club scored over George Pi- 1
per of the Y. M. C. A.
An event of the evening that
aroused much interest was the contest
between the young ladies' basket ball
teams of San Mateo and San Fran
cisco, ending in a hard earned victory
for the San Mateo maidens, with a
score of 14 to 6. In the basket ball
game between the Titans and the Re
liance Club team the first half ended
in a score of 9 to 7 for the latter, but
the final score was changed to 18 to 10
in favor of the Titans. Between the
main events of the evening the ladies'
class of the association gave an in
teresting drill and a trio, composed
of William Hewer, Benjamin Mor
gan and Harry Weingard, entertained
the gathering with a number of acro
batic feats.
WILL ASSIGN SUBSTITUTES
TO REGULAR POSITIONS
Board of Education finds Tliat Seven
New Teachers Will Be Required
For Xew School Term.
The Board of Education was busy
yesterday arranging the transfers and
assignments of teachers for the open
ing of the new term of school next
Monday. After assigning some
twenty teachers who were on leaves
of absence the board found that It
would have to take seven teachers
from the substitute list and elect them
to regular positions In the depart
ment. A meeting was to have been
held to carry this out, but it was
agreed to postpone formal action until
the regular meeting to-morrow after
neon. The seven substitutes first on
the list are Geraldine Boyle, Mabel
Stuart. Grace Sullivan, Mabel Miller,
May Kerns and Lillian Clarkson.
A new class in the Chinese school
will be formed.
Thomas F. Egan, who was appoint
ed Commissioner of Public Works,
filed his resignation as storekeeper of
the Board of Education. As the board
did not meet no action was taken on
the resignation.
■ » m
SLAVE GIRLS SENT
BACK TO CHINA
Moon Tin Escapes a Policeman Armed
With a Warrant For Her Arrest
For Larceny.
Ah Wong and Ah Lee. Chinese
women, were deported on the steam
ship China yesterday. They had at
tempted to gain admission to this
country on the representation that
they were the wives of merchants
domiciled here. They were denied a
landing and took an appeal to the
Secretary of the Department of Com
merce and Labor. Pending the ap
peal they confessed that they were
slaves. On the same vessel went Woon
Tin. a slave girl who had been res
cued from her keepers by Mies
Wheeler of the Presbyterian Mission.
Just before the steamer started a i
policeman arrived with a warrant for 1
her arrest on a charge of larceny. He
brought with him a Chinaman who
was to point out the girl, but the
Customs Inspectors would not allow .
the Chinaman to go on board, so the
girl escaped.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, Jan. 10.—The treaty
of peace and amity between Chile and Bolivia
has been approved by the Senate and Chamber
of Deputies. *
COILS TIGHTEN
AROUND WYMAN
Testimony of Expert Kytka
Is Strong Blow to Case
of the Alleged Stuffer
SIGNATURE IS DENIED
! S. 11. Mann Declares That He
| Did Not Vote at Elec
tion Held on August 9
The strongest testimony yet submit
ted against Charles Wyman, accused
of voting fraudulently, was presented
yesterday in Judge Lawlor's court by i
Theodore Kytka, handwriting expert.
Kytka declared in a positive tone that j
the name of S. H. Mann on the roster |
of the Seventy-third Precinct of the
Thirty-ninth District was in the hand
writing of the defendant, Charles Wy- !
man.
When the prosecuting attorney asked
the question, "Did the same person who
wrote this affidavit write S. H. Mann, j
26078 Post street," Wyman craned
forward in his seat and a hush fell j
over the courtroom. "Yes, sir," replied !
Kytka, decidedly. Wyman drooped his '
head and paled slightly. The strongest
bolt of the prosecution had reached
home.
The expert started to show the points
from which he drew his concusllons by
means of a blackboard, but darkness
Intervened. He drew a fac simile of j
the W in the ordinary Wyman slgna- j
ture on the blackboard and compared
It with the M in Mann.
"The initial strokes in both letters I
are identical," declared Kytka. "The M '
1n Mann is the characteristic Wyman j
W with a final stroke."
"See," he exclaimed, dramatically, "I
erase the final stroke and we have the
Wyman W." The roster containing the
alleged signature of S. H. Mann and
examples of Wyman's handwriting
were passed to the jurors.
S. H. Mann took the stand early in
the afternoon and declared that he did
.not enter his name in the roster of the
Seventy-third Precinct on August 9. In
the cross-examination Mann admitted
(hat he had been employed by Fairfax
Wheelan subsequent to the primary l
election. Attorney Countryman offered
as evidence a receipt for $3 obtained
from Wheelan and bearing Mann's sig
nature.
"Why did you hire this man?" was
asked Fairfax Wheelan.
"I wanted to make sure that he
would not be captured by the defense,"
replied Wheelan.. "Besides, I wanted .
to get an v authentic example of his
handwriting."
"At the time you hired him did you
speak to him about the election?"
"I did not," replied Wheelan, posi
tively.
"Did you ever see him before August
9?" inquired Countryman.
"I did not." was the" answer. ,
Fair fax Wheelan's son was on the
stand in the morning and substantiated
the testimony his father gave on the
previous day. Special Policeman Jo
seph Doyle said that he saw Wyman
vote on the afternoon of August 9, but
did not know whether he voted in his
own name or used the name of S. H.
Mann.
A. R. Goechen, the ballot clerk of
the Seventy-third Precinct, declared
that ballot No. 31,328 had been voted
but said that he did not know who ]
voted it. During the examination of j
this witness Attorney Hosmer became j
impatient at Countryman's frequent ob- i
jections and displayed some temper. 1
The case will be resumed at 9:30 a. m. j
to-day, when Kytka will illustrate on j
the blackboard why he believes Wyman |
wrote the name of S. H. Mann.
PERSONAL.
J. A. Paine of Seattle is at the St. ;
Francis.
Dr. W. B. Charles of Hanford is at
the Grand.
Attorney J. W. McKinley of Los An- 1
geles is at -the Palace.
A. R. Warner and wife of Byron
Springs are at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. H. F. Anderson of Ben
Lomond are at the Occidental.
Judge Edward Sweeny of Redding
arrived at the Grand yesterday.
Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Rogers of Reno, '
New, are staying at the Grand.
H. E. Wilson of London is among
the latest arrivals at the Palace.
W. L. Gazzam of Crystal Springs,
Wash., is registered at the Occidental.
John Ross Jr., a well-known Sutter
Creek mining man, and his daughter
are at the Lick.
Edgar M. Sheehan who is interested I
in the wine business Ja Sacramento, is !
a guest at the Palace.
W. G. Rawles of Muskogee, Indian
Territory, is the guest of his father,
Brigadier General Jacob B. Rawles,
retired, at 2731 Green street.
Colonel H. W, Colic of Auburn is
at the Waldeck Hospital undergoing ;
an operation. It wijl be some time
before he will be able to return home. I
Mr. and Mrs. Gay Lombard of Port
land, who are spending their honey
moon in California, returned from a I
southern trip yesterday and are stay- j
ing at the St. Francis.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.—The follow
ing Californians arrived in New York
to-day:
From San Francisco—G. M. Abrams.
at the Herald Square; R. Burr and
wife, at the Ashland House; R. Luhn,
at the Broadway Central; C. A/Mc-
Lane, at the Hotel York; B> H. River
and wife, at the Ashland; C. M. Root,
at the Hotel Bartholdl; F. V. Wright,
at the Astor House; S. Bernstein, at
the Hotel Astor; J. P. Macewan, at
the Earlington; L. B. Sloss, at the
Grand Union.
From Santa Barbara—J. M. Haley,
at the Herald Square.
Patrolman Dwyer's Mistake.
Patrolman "Jerry" Dwyer had the
dissatisfaction of seeing three men
whom he arrested dismissed by Judge
Mogan. Acting on the complaint of S.
Polemus of 137 Larkin street, who al
leged that he had been assaulted by
Harry Quig and Harry La Croux, the
officer went to the Fulton House, man
aged by ex-Superintendent of Streets
W. W. Ackerson, and there arrested
Quig and La Croux, and also took in
Ackerson for interfering. The Judge
held that the policeman had no right
to arrest Quig and La Croux without
having a warrant, as he did not wit
ness the battery complained of by
Polemus: also, that Ackerson was jus
tified in attempting to prevent the ille
gal arrests In his house. Officer Dwyer
has been long enough on the force to
know better than to do what he did.
GERMAN LECTURE.—Dr. Julius Goebel of
Stanford University will deliver a lecture in
German to-morrow night in Century Hall on
"The New Novel." This will be the third
of a scries that the doctor has engaged to de
liver to the German colony of this city.
THEJEMPORJUI£ ! THE E»IPORJPM. I THE EMPORIUM.
>M».9W*MXXMX,*X,*M,*XXM. ******* ********** r P r»ir i-»!R»?*w s ifKii! rrrrr yrr»rrrrrr rrrr,rn rsi
Notable Additions of Items in Many Departments To-Day to the
Stock ftdjustingSrlr
The stock' adjusting items are not for one day on/y, but during the sale while quan
tity lasts. New items added daily. Many extra helpers insure prompt service.
Mew items of Knit Beys' Trousers 35c
Underwear Added To-day Bov&' Blnuxex SSn
Ladies' Vests and Pants and Equestrian jZf ,1 ™ \T O 7%0%
Tights—A medium weight, real Egyp- BOyS &UIWS $2*oo
tian COtton, Very Slight imperfections; 800 Pairs o! Boys' 50c Pants—Half of them drab cordu
the famous "Forest Mills" brand,cream T °y ot excellent quality, the color thatis best for wear;
color only; regularly 50c, half ot th , cm in . che ™" in neat s ray mixture th,t wiU
y g lvc g° od service, all have patent buttons and all seams
Children's VeStS and PantS —Jersey ribbed are taped and double stitched; a great bargain m^gm
merino; Sizes 2tO 14; WOrth 50c tO these pants for hard wear, at the sale price wO©
75c a garment 32C Boys' Rvsstan Blouses —Wortbsup to 50c; about 500 of
♦9.50 to *i 1 Silk Union Suiti $5.85 them * !° r H V 10 8 y ""' nicely made and
$8.50 Silk and Wool Union Suits .. . . $3.25 tr,mm | cd ' madras and P«cale. is pretty coloring!;
5i.75 to $;. 5 o Union Suits .. . 980 to $1.25 * h ° b " d br ° WD " tecn ' whh either military or
$6.50 S-, k Equestrian Tights $3.95 " i or C ° ] }* T>; pnCC ' whi ' C U " n " ty 9«ft#»
$~75 Woo. Tights, now 98 0 » eh •
Women's 75c Hose, pair 380 tof*' and $3.00 2-Piecc Suits —Sizes 7 to 16
„__. years, navy b.ue and fancy mixtures,
Memo Corsets V 2 Price m thi ; " !e ' \ IVY.
6. . Boys J7.5© Overcoats (sizes 7 to n) . . $4.75
eginning this morning we Boy.' 75c Golf shim, size, ,2 to 14... . . AOc
Offer the newest and mOSt BMP Boys' 20c Suspenders, good webbing 14 C
popular model White CoUtil W&W Boys' $1.25 All-.Wool Sweaters Jsq
Nemo Corsets, medium Boys ' * 3 -°° and * 4 ' oo Bath Rob " •••• 51.85
bust and PrinceSS hip, fin- /Tl Juvenile Department, 2d Floor.
ished with lace and satin /4A\jW ————————————
ribbon; regular $2 values, Astonishing SstleS Cf
P *J. P ™.:.\\\\'.'sl'oo Neckwear ana Laces
Greatest reductions on all Short J Beginning at 9 o'clock this morning.
lots Of COrsetS: IP Vcnisc Lace Slocks —With tabs, in several very pretty
>6 to SlO Imported Corsets.s3.3s * ! "1 » £y es » flower, medallion and other choice patterns;
%\ and $5 French Coutil Corsets, now . . $2.35 colors black, white, butter and Arab; 25c •gfS^ tk
$2.50 to $3.50 Se f-Reducing, and other models . and 35c values mGG
$1.65 Cotton Torchons —Normandy, Valenciennes and Point
i 1.75 and $> 2 White, Drab and Black Corsets $1.10 de Paris laces and insertions, from 2to 6
All $ 1 Short Conets, and many other models, now SOo inches in width; worth up to 15c the yard . . %MG
Great Stock Adjusting stock Adjusting Sale Siock Adjusting
Silk Sale Go ***> Sui * B Sa,e w>ons
'. . L ~, ~ , Costumes, Skirts 50c Kind 24c
This is the most remarkable list of _. . . , t . , . ,
„!k values ever quoted by The Em- aild WaiStS A delayed Shipment of
porium: The most effective clear- beautiful high luster Mar
-59 c .j-mch Crepe de Chme yard Qf VelieUX Sat.U Ribbons 4^4
ments ever effected by the lnch?s , wl l de ' ! n whlt f'
i?c Jnre big store. In adjusting £ream, blu ?' P ln . k '
8 5 c co ored shantung Silk?, yd 45c these stocks and o-ettino Dl "own, navy and clack,
75c fancy w.ist and Suit Si k 45c them into shape for the 5-inch failletine, a
8 5 c colored Faiie Brilliant 45c qnrina mst very pretty soft ribbon in
8 5 c2 3 ,nch satin L.erty, coi_ «f JJj a splendid line. oi: colors.
8 5 c'prWedw*arpPe.;de'c;gTe W prices we have made. wor } h 50c and 55c the
54c Where assortments have yard added to the stock
8 5 c to $1.25 new Novelty snks been \> ro k en \ n tne f irst adjusting sale at 24-C
85c\;-inchgu.r«teedk:a;kVa r fu week's selling new lines
. 590 19 many . ,nstanccs ' Groceries - Liuuors
V.* " * j «Vl*. c I. c* ■ v mSZ. so that even better selections can be
75c Cream and White Soft Suks S4c made now , han „ t week El*in Creamery Butter— Very best
7 Firkin butter, lb 21c
75c and 85c Jacquard Novelty Si ks $12.50 lo $17.50 SvitS . . $7.50 Kona Con ee —To-day and Thursday
54c $18.50 to $22.50 Suits . $10.85 b 18c
$25.00 to $30.00 Suits . $14.50 M . r w" ,1 Lr, » n A
Wrappers, 89c W3O u> w> Svtu . $18.50 Z[
*i ,c $40.00 lo $45.00 Svits . 7 ... ... m ZT
These are values up to £1.7:> $50.00 to 560.00 Svits • W5.00 10c Creams— Lily or Alpme 7 C
each, pretty new patterns of $65.00 to $85.00 Svits . $45.00 Cat!U P— Heinz '«» Long's or s. &w.
. , „ . . n .... 12c: pts . . . . foe
percales and flannelettes, all $ISQ 950 Coau-Every one Tropical Sauce-Bmunhardr, . tBc
made with tight-fitting linings, this season's favorite style for C& B. Salt—Air tight jars .. . .16c
Bishop Sleeves, wide, full misses and women, now Fine Red Salmon-i2'/ 2 c tins ... 9©
" X , , Cranberry Sauce—Anderson ■ best, tin . .
skirts, with deep ruffles, sizes 9**.00 Ig c
34 to 44 ' for the Every mixture Coat and many Can Fruits — Bartlett pears, plums or apri
,. ' . BStS rain coats up tojf27.co, now cots, i-lb. tins 80
StOCk adjusting sale- r */ > * ■• Borax-20 Mue Team, lb 80
m . c -flfiW»f*W Yellowstone Soap- 14 5c cakes .. SOo
Dressm* Sacqves- —1
Flannelette and eider- - larly 8oc ' forthc2da J' s 6Je
down flannel in great f> A-* 'mm.' 7JC Port or Sherr y Wine » for 1
variety; half a dozen irjlj^i ' ' ' 66c
Hiff.r»nKtvl s- ~ A m^m^mW^g Kent River Bourbon Whis>Cv,
" maSd, yO e „ *• •*n * ■ ■ StM
each a GRANDEST STORE C.&G. Ginger Aie, dcz.sf,£f
PROPOSITION
TO BUILD BIG
CLUBHOUSE
The newest thing in feminine club
! dom is the erection of a large clubhouse
' that will subserve the purposes of all
the interested clubs in town, of which
: thera is a goodly number.
For some time Miss Ednah Robinson
j and other clever club women have been
j looking into the need and the advisa-
I bility of a general home, with a large
auditorium, cozy clubrooms, with ac
cessories for comfort and a gymnasium
and a swimming tank within.
Yesterday the presidents of nearly all
the clubs in town met and conferred
with a number of business men about
the feasibility of the plan.
The idea was unanimously approved.
| The location of the proposed building,
; however, was a matter of strong differ
ence of opinion—whether it should be
east or west of Powell street.
The matter was laid over till the,
next conference.
The most interesting phase of the
project is the proposition to have a
swimming tank and a gymnasium ex
clusively for women.
That the matter will crystallize r»to
something tangible is assured.
SELECT THEIR OFFICERS
FOR THE PRESENT YEAR
Members of tlie Ladies' Sodality pf
Blessed Virgin Hold Annual
Meeting.
The Ladic, Sodality of the Blessed
Virgin of St. Ignatius Church has en
tered upon the new year with new of
ficers, chosen at a recent meeting, at
which the spiritual director of the or
ganization, Rev. B. Calzia, S. J., deliv
ered a short address congratulating
members on their selections. At the
annual meeting the following ladies
were elected or appointed to various
positions for the present year:
Prefect, Miss Jessie Inglie: assistant prefect,
Mrs. M. Zelgler; second prefect. Miss M.
frost; secretary. Miss Cornelia B. Farreli:
treasurer, Miss Isabelle Burke; guardian at
postulants. Miss Gertrude Blake; consultors.
Miss Annie Pothoff, Miss Mary Neyland, Miss
Margaret Bailie. Miss Frances Barr, Miss
Arnle ,Farrell, Miss Nettle Beardsley. Miss
Katherine Foley. Miss Louise Miller. Miss
Annie Peterson, Miss Jewel McCormack. Miss
Mary Winters and Mrs. Ella Kelly; regulators.
Miss Loretta Barr, Miss Lillte Crlmmins, Miss
Daisy Burke, Miss Kate Fltzpatrtck, Miss
Mcry Grimm. Miss Mary Creegan, Miss Mary
Shields, Miss Mary Nagle, Miss Esther
Bracken, Miss Ella Graney. Miss Isabella
Schott, Miss Lavina Ahlert. Miss Alice An
drews, Miss Carrie Hall, Miss Winnie Ken
nedy: vestry prefect. Miss Agnes Mahoncy,
marshals. Miss Loretta Barr, Miss Alice An
drews. Miss Sadie Larkin, Miss Annie Ma
honey, Miss Winnie Kennedy, Miss Agnes
Mahoney, Miss Agnes McAullffe; librarians.
Miss Loretta Kelly. Miss Nellie Mahoney, Miss
Genevieve Kelly. Miss Edith Paul. Miss Mary
Hughes. Miss Genevieve Tobln: antiphonarlans.
Mrs. Gonzales, Miss Leonlde McKlnnon. Miss
Frances Barr; organist. Miss Annie Griffith;
assistant organist, Miss Louise Bernard.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We are Exclusive Agents for
« Commvnity
iM ft Silver
'i*o>? IJ T The Silver-Plated Ware ol Style and
ffi W Artistic Excellence—in designs hereto
* fore !ound onl y in lnc bcsl Sterling
~ al a price tnat is ,owcr lnan
any goods of equal plate ••«•«•
\*fflf) Guaranteed for
years hi
! Nathai\ l)ohrmai\n(? !
I 1 122-132 SUTTER ST.
Child Restored to Father.
By order of Judge Lawlor Ellen
Harvey, the 11-year-old girl who was
kidnaped from r.edding by her
mother, was restored to the father,
William Harvey, yesterday. The Har
veys were divorced in 1897, and the
father was given the custody of four
children. Mrs. Harvey is now Mrs.
A. M. Newberg of this city. She al
leges that the father treats the chil
dren brutally and gave that as an ex
cuse for kidnaping the little girl. The
mother acquiesced in the decision of
the Judge, but declares she will take
the proper steps to obtain the custody
of little Ellen. William S. Barnes ap
peared for the father and Police Com
missioner Hutton for the mother.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
CREMATORY EXPLOSION
STARTLES WEST OAKLAND
TRY TO BLOW UP GARBAGE PLANT
/ Workmen's Lives Endangered by Fiend
. OAKLAND, Jan. 10.—Lives of half
a dozen men were endangered and a
portion of the works was destroyed
last .night In a dastardly attempt to
blow up the plant of the Pacific In
• icinerating Company at West Oakland.
• A keg of powder was surreptitious
ly placed in one of the large combustion
•furnaces used to burn refuse. The
• stuff exploded after the fires had been
started, partly wrecking the big brick
furnace, blowing heavy iron caps off
the air vents, smashing the large Iron
grate bars and sending a rain of brick
and iron over the men who were work
ing on the platform above the fur
.' naces.
For weeks the employes of the com
pany had been closely, watching for
some such culmination of the bitter
warfare that has been waged between
the company and the scavengers. The
officials of the plant admit that they
have no proof as to the perpetrators of
the powder plot, although their sus
picions are directed against individ
. uals because of threats which have
been repeated as having come from
disgruntled persons.
CALL FOR BIDS
ON NEW SCHOOLS
Board of Education Moves
Toward the Construction
of First of the Edifices
• Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 10.
The Board of Education has called
for bids for construction of the foun
dation of the new Franklin school in
East Oakland, the first of the buildings
'. to be erected with money raised by the
. recent $1,000,000 school bond issue.
Work will be pressed as rapidly as is
consistent with the construction of a
first-clas6 edifice. The new school will
cost 1150,000.
Superintendent of Schools J. W. Mc-
Clymonds made a statement to-day
. touching the board's purpose in the
matter of new school buildings. He
said:
Work on the Franklin School, the new
building on Shattuck avenue, near Bushrod
Park, and the new edifice at Thirty-ninth and
Market streets, will be commenced at once.
The Board of Education will push the arrange
ments without delay. The new Lincoln School
cannot be started until summer vacation, be
cause It wilt occupy the site of the present
structure. Before work on the new one can
be commenced the old building will be moved.
Within a short tim* work will begin on the
additions to the Lafayette and the Grant
schools. By the opening of the summer vaca
tion we shall be roady not only to go ahead
with the Lincoln School, but with the Prps
cott and the Grove-street building. So far
.as conditions appear at present, all of this
new work should he well under way this year.
Mrs. Frank Day has resigned as a
teacher at the Central Evening School.
MERCHANTS' EXCHANGE ASKS
THAT POLKS BE REMOVED
*. Crnsade Against Unsightly Signs
Causes the Passage of Resolu
tion Regarding Wires.
OAKLAND, Jan. 10.—Members of
•the Merchants' Exchange at a meet
ing last night expressed themselves
1' ' regarding the enforcement of the or
• dinance ridding the streets of signs in
the following resolution, which was
unanimously adopted:
Whereas, The merchants of Oakland, at the
request of the Mayor, have removed from the
s'dewalks of this city sisns costing thousands
ot dollars; and
Whereas. The same streets and sidewalks
are occupied by poles and wires far more
unsightly and dangerous than any signs could
possibly be; therefore be it
Resolved, by the Merchants' Exchange of
Oakland, That the city authorities are hereby
requested to take immediate action to cause
the removal from the streets and sidewalks
of all such obstructions as soon as It may be
pi*sible to secure such removal.
Resolved. That a special committee of five
be appointed to confer with the Board of
Public Works concerning this important mat
ter.
In accordance with this resolution
President Jonas appointed a commit
tee consisting of Directors D. C.
Brown, F. J. Lea, A. H. Schlueter,
'.'Fred Sinclair, Theo Gier and A. M. S.
Salinger.
Amateurs To Don Padded Mitts.
OAKLAND. Jan. 10, —The West
Oakland Athletic Club has arranged
en excellent card for its first regular
monthly boxing show of the new
which will be given next Tuesday
evening at the club gymnasium.
Receiver for Rubber Concern.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 10.—On
petition of a bondholder a receiver
was appointed to-day for the Mexican
Gulf Commercial Company, capital
ized at $3,000,000, half paid in. The
action is said to be friendly. The
company owns large rubber and coffee
plantations in Mexico.
ADVimiSEMEXTS.
RATIONAL TREATMENT
or
Stomach Diseases
MEANS :
Discard Injurious Drugs
USE
Glyeozone
A Harmless Powerful Germicide
Endorsed bji Leading Physicians.
Send twenty-five cents to pay postage
on Free Trial Bottle. Sold by leading
druggists.
NOT eCNUINC WITHOUT MY eiSMATURC:
ci o prince ST., New York.
Write ron Fru Booklet on Batiowai. Triatmsnt
or DISIABC
The explosive was Introduced by be
ing thrown into a wagon load of refuse
while the team was on its rounds.
When the load was emptied into the
furnace the can of powder went
with it.
Shortly after the mass had been fired
the explosion occurred. The shock was
felt for half a mile around the works.
No damage was done outside of the
plant because of its isolated location.
It is the practice in handling the re
fuse to use one of the big furnaces ex
clusively for garbage. The other one
is reserved for the incineration of
other combustible matter. The powder
could not have been so readily placed
m the garbage furnace without detec
tion.
Frank Melbourne, superintendent of
the plant, declares that he has good
reason to believe that the explosive
was intended to wreck the plant. That
it did not fully accomplish the mis
creant's purpose was due to the size
of the furnace and the fact that the
force of the explosion was somewhat
broken by escape of gases through
vents.
HARRISON WINS
BY TWO VOTES
Republicans Elect Three of
the Five Supervisors in
Contra Costa County
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 10.
For the first time in twelve years the
Board of Supervisors of Contra Costa
County is controlled by a Republican
majority.
The election of Ralph Harrison, Re
publican, from the Second District, was
finally assured to-day by the recount
of the ballots held before Judge Wells,
to settle the contest brought by F. W.
Booth, Harrison's opponent. The offi
cial returns showed that he had been
elected by one vote, while by the re
count he gained a vote. The result of
the recount shows that Harrison re
ceived 2t»o votes. Booth 288.
The new Board of Supervisors to-day
made the following appointments:
County Phyisician.A. W. Rickey, M. D.;
superintendent of County Hospital, W.
A. Rugg; night watchman at court
house, VV. A. Livingston; janitors in
courthouse, James Daley and William
Jones; county expert, A. P. Pavollni,
allowance clerk, Miss May Kelly.
The position of inspector of weights
and measures, filled by former Assem
blyman Arthur Williams, was declared
vacant, and no appointment was made
Ito fill the vacancy.
LODGES INSTALL OFFICERS
FOR THE ENSUING TERM
Those Who Will Direct Affairs of Va-
rious Fraternal Orders Take
Their Chairs.
OAKLAND, Jan. 10. —Alcatraz
Chapter No. 82, Royal Arch Masons,
has installed the following officers for
the ensuing term:
High priest, Charles Husband; king. Holly,
Francis Moon; scribe, J. W. Harrtgan; treas
urer, D. Robinson; secretary, H. A. Gllnes;
captain of the host, A. F. Nordman; principal
sojourner, C. H. Jurgene; royal arch captain,
Percy Weller Hall; master of first vail, James
Thompson; master of second vail, L. W.
Barrett; master of third vail, A. F. Huf
schmidt; guard, S. H. Far Tell.
Following the installation a ban
quet was held, at which a handsome
set of silverware was presented to
Past High Priest Whitlack. Ad
dresses were made by Judge F. B. Og
den, the Rev. C. T. Walkley, Past
Master Parsons of Berkeley and
George Smith.
The Alameda County Retail Gro
cers* Association held a banquet In
honor of the election of officers for the
present year. The banquet was held
at Foresters' Hall, Toastmaster 'Harry
Duncan calling upon the following
speakers: Wilbur Walker, A. H. Pow
ers, A. Jonas, J. F. Spzjulding, W. J.
Hoffman, H. D. Cushing and J. S.
Wixson. The newly elected officers
are:
Ludwig Warnke, past president: S. J. 8111,
president; H. Duncan, first vice president;
F. G. Eiben, second vice president; J. L.
Wood worth, third vice president; H. turn
Suden, fourth vice president: George Wittman
of Alameda, fifth vice president; J. G. Reed,
secretary; G. A. Russell, treasurer; H. D.
Cushing, George Hoffman, George turn Suden
and Ludwig Warnke, directors.
Ivy Lodge No. 4, Degree of Honor,
and Oak Leaf Lodge No. 35, A. O. U.
W., held a joint installation of officers
last night at Fraternal Hall. The
new officers of the two lodges are:
Ivy Lodge No. 4, D. of H.—Paet chief of
honor. Miss Teresa Schniltt; chief of honor,
Miss Bertha M. Clark; lady of honor, Jeanette
MoKay; oKlef of ceremonies, Margaret O'Leary;
recorder, Margaret L. Oakes; financier. Ida J.
Brooke; receiver, Harriet Marks; usher, Zetta
Pascoe; I. \V., Hanslne Nielsen; O. W., Angie
Bartellf.
Oak L«af Lodge No. 35, A. O. U. W.—
Past master. J. J. O'Toole: master workman,
H. S. Overton; foreman; J. P. Fuller; over
seer. S. K. Nichols; inside watchman, N. M.
Johanson; outside watchman, W. J. Oakes;
financier, W. J. Hall; receiver. M. Isaacs;
recorder, L. D. Manning; organist, Charles
Ayers.
The newly elected officers of Oak
land Tent No. 17, K. O. T. M., were
Installed last night at Maccabee Tem
ple by Great Commander W. S. Hall.
Those who will occupy the chairs dur
ing the next term are:
Commander, M. F. Ram bo; lieutenant com
mander, C. W. Kllllan; R. X. p> J. I>. Fine;
finance keeper, R. 8. Keefer; chaplain. A. L.
Bruner: sergeant, J. F. Rogers; M. at A.. F.
Retchel; first M. of G., P. T. Sullivan; sec
ond M. of G., W. S. Anderson: sentinel, F.
F. Burkhardt; picket, P. S. Sternberk.
Sierra Council No. 1642, Royal Ar
canum installed the following officers
last night at Foresters' Hall:
Past regent, M. Fabriner; regent, H. W.
France; V. R., James C. Bennett; orator,
F. J. Bramball; chaplain, C. D. Lawton: col
lector. J. 8. de Lancey Jr.; treasurer, C. D.
Parish; guide, D. E. C. MacDowell; warden,
H*. A. Kletzker; sentry, E. B. Burns; trus
tee, G. L. Bovereaux.
ESCAPES SENTENCE.—OakIand. Jan. 10.—
Habeas corpus proceedings freed Henry Rob
erts from serving a sentence of 150 days in
the City Prison this morning. His attorneys,
H. C. Corson and Albert Jacoby, were able to
show Judge Melvln such a defect In the com
plaint and commitment that he was discharged
forthwith. He was arrested on complaint of
Ms wife for not supporting his two children
and was sentenced by Judge Mortimer Smith.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 11, 1905.
Steps have been taken to run down
some clews that the company has un
covered, although the officials refuse
to say what they have learned con
cerning the identity of suspected per
eons. Melbourne said to-day:
We have long been aware ot the bitter feel
ing that exists among the scavengers concern
ing the crematory. The company which, un
der municipal ordinance, holds the contract
for exclusive handling of the city's garbage,
has tried unavallingly to make peaceful set
tlements with these men. We offered to buy
their outfits and to put them at work. After
all negotiations failed ws decided to assert
our rights in the oourts.
As a result there have been many arrests
of scavengers. The courts have been crowded
with cases. So little progress was made that
the company went to the United States oourts
to obtain injunctions against further operations
by the scavengers. This move undoubtedly
added to the feeling. I cannot fix the re
sponsibility for this outrage. I have been
afraid for months that dynamite might be
used and have been especially careful. I
hardly expected powder would be used in such
quantity as was placed in the furnace.
It's bad enough to wreck property, but I
say that terms are not strong enough to de
nounce deeds that endanger men's lives. I
serve notice now that if the man or men are
caught in the act it will be shortshift for
them so far as I am concerned.
SAYS FARMER
IS ADVANCING
President Wheeler Talks
About the Progress of Ag
riculture as a Science
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Jan. 10.
Profoundly impressed by the develop
ment of agriculture on scientific lines
in California and by the keen, intelli
gent interest manifested in the work of
that department of the State Univer
sity, Benjamin Ide Wheeler, president
of the University of California, returned
to-day from a ten days' visit among the
farmers of Santa Barbara and Ventura
counties.
President Wheeler delivered an ad
dress at the Farmers' Institute at San
ta Paula, where he was in touch with
many of the leading agriculturists of
that section. His comment on his trip
follows:
The farmers of California are becoming pro
fessional men. The wide interest they are
manifesting In the scientific side of agricul
ture is becoming an important factor in the
work of tilling the soil and growing the diver
sified crops of this empire State. The farmers'
I appreciation of the importance of expert
knowledge is one of the most noticeable re
suits of the university's farmers' institutes.
This is demonstrated by the clean-cut observa
tions that are made at the lectures and the
enthusiastic concern of the audiences at the
institutes.
I remarked the careful and intelligent
thought shown by the queries of listeners at
Santa Paula. Professor Fortier was fairly
bombarded with questioTn* after he had con
cluded an address that was on cold scientific
lines. The farmer of California and of the
United States has at his command through this
great university a source of knowledge un
equaled the world over. In Europe and In
Great Britain there Is no such attention' paid
to agricultural development as is glv> n to
farming In this country. I am glad to ob
serve that our farmers realize ths needs of
the university and understand the importance
of its relation to our agricultural interests.
During his absence President Wheel
er had a conference with Governor
Pardee touching the financial interests
of the university. Of that President
Wheeler said:
Governor Pardee is In touch with our needs
and when the appropriations are made I feel
satisfied we shall receive all that can possibly
be allotted to us. Of course we appreciate
that the coat must be cut according to the
cloth.
MARIE ACKERMAN FOUND
TO BE VIOLENTLY INSANE
A Week's Residence Among Her
Friends Shows Them She Is
Hopelessly Crazy.
OAKLAND, Jan. 10.—A week's resi
dence among them was enough to
demonstrate to the friends of Miss
Marie Ackerman that she is really
j insane. The Rev. F. W. Meyer of
j East Oakland took an interest in her
| case and it was thought that owing
j to her being unable to speak the lan
guage, having recently come from
; Switzerland, she had been misjudged.
I Judge Melvin, to give her another op-
I portunity, set her commitment to
! Stockton aside and allowed her to go
j with her friends.
i This morning the Rev. Mr. Meyer
1 appeared before Judge Melvin and
asked to have her again taken into
custody. He said she had been with
his family a week and that they
could do nothing with her. She be
lieves a man is a.'ter her, and when
Deputy Sheriff Murdock went to take
her into custody she fought like a
tigress. She is again confined in the
insane ward and will be committed toy
morrow.
Alameda County Deaths.
OAKLAND, Jan. 10.—Victory T.
Cole, a printer, died yesterday at his
; home, 2207 Adeline street, aged 60
i years. The deceased was a native of
j lowa, and was a veteran of the Civil
War.
j Mrs. Cora M. Findlay, aged 24
years, died last night at her home,
829 Myrtle street. The deceased was
I the wife of J. Paul Findlay and was
the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Alfred
O. Clark of this city. She leaves a
sister, Frances H. Clark, and a
brother, George E. Clark.
IRVINGTON, Jan. 10.—The funeral
lof Richard Threlfall, a well-known
I resident of Washington Township, whb
died Saturday at his home near Irving
ton, was held to-day from the family
residence at 1 p. m.
4 *
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Large Box of
BUTTER BRITTLE.
A Delicious Confection,
Made oy
THEOPOLD MORRIS & CO.
Free With Every Small Ad In
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
LIQUOR SELLER
DOWN AND OUT
Temperance Folk of Univer
sity Score Victory and
Sam Fisher Is Defeated
WAR CLOUD DISSIPATED
Downfall of West Berkeley
Man Averts Threatened
Fight to Close Saloons
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Jan. 10.
The threatened agitation by temper
ance advocates of Berkeley of a cam
paign to close all the saloons In the
university town is not to be. since
"Sam" Fisher, the casus belli in West
Berkeley, has been denied a liquor li
cense by the Town Trustees.
Fisher, with his supporters, appeared
at the meeting of the Trustees last
night, and arrayed against him were
the W. C. T. U. folk and other tem
perance people. It had been declared
by them that if Fisher, now a liquor
seller in West Berkeley, should receive
a formal permit to dispense intoxicants,
at once the agitation for the closing
down of all saloons in Berkeley would
begin.
Fisher achieved notoriety a year ago,
when he attacked a "rummage sale"
which ladies of the Methodist church
were conducting in the storeroom ad
joining his saloon on University av
enue. He broke up the sale. He was
arrested, charged with battery, tried
and acquitted. He lost his liquor li
cense, but co'ntlnued to do business. He
applied for a formal permit, and last
night received his quietus.
Two Trustees, composing the commit
tee to which his application had been
referred, reported favorably on the
petition. The Trustees were Dowd and
Hoff. Trustee Staats was expected to
join them, but instead he advocated
appropriating $500 to pay detectives
who should procure evidence to convict
"such men as Fisher" who were de
clared to be selling liquor without li
censes.
SOCIETY FOLK
HOLD A CLOWN
FETE AT HOME
BY ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE.
OAKLAND, Jan. 10.—The members, and
their respective husbands, of a five hundred
club were entertained last evening by Mr. and
Mrs. J. "Walter Scott. Each guest had been
requested to represent some ridiculous charac
ter and tho motley gathering that resulted
was the source of several hours of unalloyed
fun.
The hostess. In quaint, old fashioned garb,
started the" merriment aa she received each
guest. Mrs. W, A. So brock, with -#lrty face
and sticky hands, was an e'rtfant terrible, and
Mrs. Fred Morse, in black face and kinky,
braided wig. simply convulsed her fellcw guests
as Topsy. Another very funny costume was
worn by Mrs. H. B. Mehrmann, who repre
sented the regulation Irish woman of the stage,
in a bright red • jersey," and ill-hanging skirt
and gorgeous hosiery.
Mrs. M. J. Laymance was "Sally in Our
Alley," and Mrs. Ernest Boyes and Mrs. Gil
bert Curtiss were both old-fashioned girls.
Mrs. Ernest Boyes, in an Immense hoopsklrt,
succeeded In being "always In the way," and
Mrs. •R. C. Craft, as a tough girl, certainly
made a hit. Mrs E. B. Davis was in fancy
dress.
Kot all of the gentlemen were in costume,
but those who were furnished fun enough for
all who were not. Mr. Scctt was a hunter,
Mr. Laymance a cowboy, Mr. Schrook a
farmer. Dr. Morse as Weary Willie, E. E.
Davis as a tramp and Dr. Boyes as a Dutch
comedian were a whole show in themselves. Mr.
Craft in a fisherman's costume and Mr. Curtlss
as a very ridiculous dude were also very funny.
A game of five hundred was played and the
prizes, as comical as the costumes worn, were
won by Mrs. Ernest Boyes, Mr. Craft and Mrs.
Laymance.
A bucket of water, served with a bright,
new tin dipper, furnished liquid refreshment
during the early evening, but later, when tho
tramp party was ushered to the basement,
substantial alleviation of both hunger and
thirst was found. There were tables covered
with brown paper, wooden plates heaped with
Dutch delicacies, beer In thick glasses, and
delicious coffee In still thicker cups. There
were boxes for the guests to sit on. The
name cards were very original and made pretty
souvenirs of the occasion. Tag cards, such as
are used by the express companies, were
adorned with a hobo picture and the name of
a guest written thereon.
This particular club Is one of the Jolliest In
town, and every time It meets the hostess has
some surprise In store for her associates.
* • •
The Ebell Club luncheon was, as usual, a
brililan. affair and tie musical programme
good. Mrs. Clark 1,. Goddard was presiding
hostess and the music was under the direction
of Mrs. E. N. Ewer. The programme was
given entirely by Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Ficken
scher and was as follows:
Three Songs from Shakespeare (Helse); (a)
"Come Away, Come Away. Death," (b) "It
Was a Lover and His Lass," (c) "A Poor Soul
Sat Sighing"; (a) "Scherzo" (Mendelssohn),
(b) "Polonaise" (Liszt): "Lorley" (Liszt);
Songs from the Music of the Child World—(a)
"Three Wise Old Women" (Bartlett), (b) "The
Dandelion" (Chardlck), (c) "Black-Eyed Su
s*n" (Schaefer), (d) "Where Go the Beats?"
(Flckenscher), (c) "The Bogeyman," (Taubert).
To-day's hostesses were Mrs. Goddard, Mrs.
Park Fellows. Dr. Susan J. Fenton, Mis.
Georpe W. Fillmore, Mrs. J. A. Folger, Miss
Henrietta Frear, Mrs. J. B. French, Mrs. Da
vid Gage. Mrs. J. P. Garlick, Mrs. Theresa
H. Gavtes. Mrs. Louis GhlrardelH, Mrs. VT. M.
Gibson, Mrs. A. H. Glascock, Mrs. W. S. Good
fellow, Mrs. R. W. Gorrill, Miss Addle Gor
rill, Miss Carrie Gorrill, Mrs. Grace Gowirug,
Mr*. V*. H. H. Graves, Mrs. Oiles H. Gray,
Mrs. George D. Gray. Miss Mabel Thayer
Gray, Miss Elizabeth Gray. Mrs. George B. M.
Gray. Mrs. Wheaton A. Gray, Mrs. Samuel
Gray. Mrs. William Grnenhagen, Mrs. S. A.
Hachett. Mrs. Dana Harmon. Mrs. George
Hammer, Mrs. L. J. Hardy. Mrs. C. P. Head,
Miss Mary C. Healon. Miss Janet Halght, Mrs.
T. O. Harrison. Mrs. D. W, Gelwlcks, Mis.
A.' H. Hills, Mrs. W. H. George.
• * •
The Hill Club hao resumed its busy and
interesting life, again, Its first meeting taking
place yesterday at the home of Mrs. T. J.
McMannls on Orange street. Mrs. E. J. Jolly
sang Kfid Mrs. Augusta Walton told In a
pleasing manner of her recent stay in Hong
kong. Refreshments were served, and among
the participants were: Mrs. D. A. Spencer,
Mrs. S. I. Taylor, Mrs. W. D. Huntington,
Mrs M. R. Henshaw, Mrs. E. C. Hager, Mrs.
Ralph Lee, Mrs. W. O. Badgley. Mrs. John
D. Ely, Mrs. C. L. Hooper, Mrs. S. A. Hack
ett, Mrs. George W. Cope, Mrs. B. S. Hub
bard, Miss Martha Baldwin, Miss Margaret
Baldwin, Mrs. A. L. Cunningham, Mrs. Se
ward M. Dodge. Mrs. T. J. McMannis, Mrs.
Jullen Mathleu. Mrs. K. J. Jolly. Mrs. L.
Tashlera. Mrs. D. E. Newell. Mrs. V A.
Leach Jr., Mrs. W. K. Vlckery, Mrs. W. T.
Veitch. Mrs. A. N. Walton, Mrs. D. McKay,
Mrs. James S. Nalsmlth, Mrs. F. A. Lacey,
Mrs. John M. Holmes. Mrs. F. D. Hough
ton.
• • •
About fifty of Mrs. Henry Abrahamson's
yo.irs, frlendß enjoyed a pleasant afternoon
at her heme on Oakland avenue to-day. Miss
Eva Mcgnes, who leaves shortly for the East,
being the complimented guest.
• • •
Mr*. Frederick Page Cutting was hostess
at a care club meeting last Friday evening.
* • •
The Wednesday Afternoon Club will meet
at the residence of Miss Jean Cllft to-mor
row.
PIONEER LAID TO REST.—Oakland Jan.
10. —The funeral of Edward Henry Lenox,
who died last Sunday at the King's Daugh
ters Home, was held to-day from the Twenty
third avenue Baptist Church under the aus
pices of the Society of California Pioneers
The services were conducted by the Rev. Rob
ert Whitaker. Interment was h» Mountain
View Cemetery,
FOOD SECRETS
NOW REVEALED
University Professor Prints
Result of His Investiga
tions Into Fruit Values
DISPELS COMMON ERROR
Scientist Declares People
Who Eat Fruit Just for
Fun Make Gross Blunder
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Jan. 10.
University students who live on
fruits, nuts and other articles of diet
prescribed by Professor M. E. Jaffa,
with other adults carrying out similar
instructions, furnished the medium for
scientific investigations of food values,
the results of which are contained in
a compilation of bulletins, issued to-day
by the agricultural department of the
State University.
Under the head of "Nutrition Inves
tigations" the university scientist gives
elaborate tables, showing In detail, by
figures, what proportion of nutriment
and life-giving power the various arti
cles of diet were found to possess. The
experiments were made on the univer
sity campus in buildings specially ar
ranged for the work. All the work
was done in co-operation with the
United States Department of Agricul
ture.
Because of California's fame as a
fruit-producing State it was deemed
desirable by those in charge of the
matter to make the examination of
foods deal principally with fruits.
Concerning this phase of the subject,
Professor Jaffa says:
Fruit is considered by the majority of per
sons as an accessory or supplementary food,
eaten for its agreeable flavor or supposed
hygienic value or medical virtues, rather
than as a staple article of diet. Perhaps for
this reason very little scientific study has
b<-en given to fruit, as compared with the
investigations which have been carried on in
count ction with other more common food ma
tennis. Chemical analysis has shown the
comparative composition of fruits, but our
knowledge of their dietetic value, digestibility
and comparative cost as sources of nutriment
is far from complete. In view of these facts
it was thought best that California should
undenake. as her phare of the nutrition in
vestigations made under the auspices of the
United State Department of Agriculture,
studies of the nutritive value and digestibility
of fruit. Perhaps no State in the/ Union
Ik in better condition to exploit such prob
lems. No month In the year finds the Cali
fornia market without fresh fruit of local
production and many people are to be found
in the State who make, this article an im
portant rart of their dietary.
VARIOUS BELIEFS.
It Is not an infrequent occurrence to see
popular articles in the dally papers and mag
azines which assert the superiority of the
vegetarian diet over the ordinary diet, or the
fruitarian over the vegetarian. The fruitar
ians claim, with some degree of justice, that
the so-called vegetarians are not true vege
tarians, but arc simply non-meat eaters. This
is certainly true of many of them, as a large
proportion Include animal products In their
dietaries, since they consume considerable
quantities of milk, butter, cheese, eggs, etc.,
and some even eat fish.
In inaugurating our Investigations It was
deemed desirable to select such subjects as
were not only accustomed to the larse use
of fruit, but whose dietaries did not contain
many other foods, fortunately subjects were
found » ,l to lived almost exclusively on raw
fruits and nuts.
The Investigations of fruitarians Included
(1) the study t f six dietaries whi -h, with two
exceptions were made up of fruits and nuts
exclusively (In the first case the subject ate
a small quantity of a cereal preparation, ana
in the second some green vegetables); t2) one
digestion experiment with a girl. In which
fruits and nuts constituted the entire diet;
(3) a study of the income and outgo ot nitro
gen in the digestion experiment.
A review of the results of the studies
of the fruit and nut diet is as follows,
the summary being the work of Pro
fessor Jaffa:
The high nutritive value of the fruitarian
diet Is shown most clearly in the case of th?,
university student who, though enUrely un
accustomed to such tare, gradually changed
from an ordinary mixed diet to one of fruit
and nuts without loss of health or strength.
He was able for eight days to carry on his
ksim] college work and also for part of the
time to Derform heavy physical work on an
exclusively fruitarian diet, without any ma
terial loss in weight.
While some of the dietaries prove con
clusively that it is possible to obtain the
requisite amount of protein and a proper fuel
value from a fruitarian diet, still the major
ity of those studied fell far below the tenta
tive standards. At the same time It Is not
just to ascribe this failure to the form of
diet. These same people might have con
sumed no larger quantities of the nutrients
on a mixed diet.
It would seem from the data that It was
more difficult for two of the subjects to ob
tain the requisite amount of protein when
on a limited diet of one kind of nut com
bined with fruits than it was when they
were unrestricted and ate of a variety of
each.
WANTED OTHER FOODS.
In nearly all cases where the diet was
limited in variety, the sub ect complained of
a constant craving for something else, a
green vegetable or a cereal. At such times
it was found that th* coefficients of availabil
ity were lower than those recorded when the
subject ate some little "relish" with the
fruits and nuts.
The dietaries which Included cereals yielded
better results In most cases than those which
were limited strictly to fruits and nuts.
The chief sources of nutriment in fruit are
the carbohydrates, which from the results of
the metabolism experiments are shown to
possess a coefficient of availability only slight
ly lower than that of the carbohydrates of the
mixed diet. Thiß would emphasize the fact
that fruit should be regarded as a valuable
part of such a diet.
The nltrsgen equilibrium in the body was
maintained in fourteen out of the thirty-one
direstion experiments, and in some cases thit
to done on a smaller amount of protein
than as usually consumed by the same sub
ject during the dietary studies.
The cost per person per day of the nine
dietary studies varied from 18 tents to 4(1
cents. '
While the writer deems It advisable to wait
until more data have been gathered before
publishing coefficients of availability for tho
different fruits and nuts, enough work has
been done to prove that they have a much
hiuher nutritive value than Is popularly at
tributed to them. And it Is certainly an error
to use nuts merely as an accessory to an al
ready heavy meal and to regard fruit merely
from the supposed hygienic or medicinal stand
point.
Killians In a Muddle.
OAKLAND, Jan. 10.—Bernard Kll
lian and Mrs. Rose Killian, his wife,
residing at 493 Twenty-fifth street,
were arrested to-day on complaint of
their daughter-in-law, Mrs. Celia Kil
lian, on charges of battery. The ar
rests grew out of a battle yesterday
on the street when the younger woman
took her child away from her parents
in-law. There Is a divorce suit pend
ing between Celia Killian and Frank
Killian. To add fuel to the domestic
fiareup, Frank Killian was arrested on
a charge of disturbing the peace, the
complainant being Mary Madden, his
wife's sister.
New Sewer Protests Overruled.
OAKLAND, Jan. 10.—The City
Council has overruled protests against
the assessment for the construction of
the Thirty-sixth street sewer, the main
outlet for the annexed district. Pro
tests against the new East Fourteenth
street sewer have also been overruled.
The city will meet the cost of cement
jacketing the Dipe portion of the
sewer, several sections of which were
mysteriously broken.
TO REORGANIZE
POLICE FORCE
Change of Men and Method
Contemplated by the Offi
cials of Town of Berkeley
MARSHAL MAKES REPORT
All Night Service in Office
Ordered by Trustees to
Afford Better Protection
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street. Jan. 10.
A complete reorganization of the po
lice force of Berkeley is expected to
follow the recommendations made by
Marshal Kerns to the Town Trustees
last night, in the event of a. favorable
report from the committee to which
they were referred for consideration.
The permaneut addition of five men
to the force already employed, the in
stallation of an all-night service in
the Marshal's office, the uniforming of
the staff and a system of reports such
as prevails in metropolitan police de
partments are some of the results cal
culated upon by those who are work
ing to strengthen the Berkeley con
stabulary.
Marshal Kerns recommended last
night that he be given a new deputy,
who should serve exclusively In his of
fice at night. It was explained that
citizens now have difficulty in finding a
policeman at night when one is need
ed, as Marshal Kerns is not able to re
main at one place all night, and his
deputies are patrolling the streets. The
request was granted, and hereafter all
deputies will report each half-hour to
the office.
The Marshal desires that the four
men recently given him be retained as
permanent members of his force. These
men would doubtless be uniformed.
The Trustees will have presented to
them arguments for the retention of
the men, and it is believed that a fa
vorable report from the committee will
follow.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
WILL, STORE COUNTY EXHIBITS—Oak
land Jan 10.— The Alameda County exhibits
at the World's Fair, which arrived in San
Francisco on Sunday, will be brought to this
city at once and stored.
BXHORTER SET FREE.—Oakland. Jan. 10.
Olaf A. Wiebe charged with being insane,
was set at liberty to-day. He was alleged
to have religious mania, but it was not found 1
to be of such an acute stage as to warrant his
commitment to an asylum.
SYRUP AND PICKLES MAKE LOSS.—Oak
land. Jan. 10. —The Gordon Syrup and Pickle
Company has begun suit against George A.
Wilbur to recover $882 58 as his share of the
loss of operating a honey and pickle concern
known as the Columbia Mercantile Company.
DIVORCE DECREES GRANTED. —Oakland,
Jan. 10.—Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted Minnie Molitor from George Molitor
to-day for extreme cruelty and John Batiste
from A(ia Batiste for desertion. A final decree
of divorce was granted Esther A. Miller from
William B. Miller for desertion.
POOL CASES SET FOR TRlAL.—Oakland,
Jan. 10.—Police Judge Mortimer Smith to-day
set cases for trial as follows ot men charged
with poolselllng on horse races: S. Friedman,
three charges January 26, February 1, Feb
ruary 2; Marion Hughes, February 10: A.
Friedman, February 3.
WANTS OYSTER CLAlMS.—Oakland, Jan.
10. —The Pacific Oyster Company has begun
suit against the Smith Oyster Company to
quiet, title to certain oyster locations near
Haywards. In San Francisco Bay. The plain
tiff company alleges that the defendant has
come In upon lands already appropriated.
AGE ENFEEBLES HlM.—Oakland. Jan. 10.
Frank T. Hall, living t>n Thirteenth street,
between Webster and Harrison, was taken I
Into custody on complaint of his wife, who says
he became violent last night. He was sent j
to Dr. Robertson's sanitarium at Llvermore. '
as it Is believed he Is suffering from senile
dementia.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.—OakIand, Jan.lo —
The following marriage licenses were issued
by the County Clerk to-day: Christian N.
Jensen. 32. and Selma A. Wecke. 36. both of
Oakland; Hans Hansen, 36. and Anna Nerem,
21 both of Oakland; Charles H. Copeland, 29.
and Ella E. Smith, 23. both of Oakland; Al
bert Knoles. over 21. Los Angeles, and Blanche
Crawford, over IS, Dallas. Tex.; Peter J. Bllm.
over 21 Petaluma. and Alice M. Wilson, over
IS. Oakland; Fred J. Ranzona. 25. and Flor
ence L. Pitts, 10, both of San Francisco.
PARROT IN CUSTODY.—Oakland, Jan. 10.
The trade of a parrot that talks for two
bottles of whisky and some cigars of question
able quality has caused the arrest of bird and
alleged owner. Both are confined In the
County Jail for lack of ball. The arrest of
the bird and G. J. Renshaw was made at the
request of P. J. Deluca, proprietor of the Idle
Hour Saloon, near Emeryville, who alleges he
traded the whisky to Renshaw's son for the
bird. Renshaw says that the lad Is but 10
years of age and had no right to the bird.
WILL AROUSE CIVIC PRlDE.—Alameda,
Jan. 19. —Action Is to be taken by the Ala
meda Advancement Association toward arous
ing the civic pride of local residents and In
ducing them to take an interest In the selec
tion of candidates for municipal offices to be
voted for In April. The directors of the as
sociation assert that the campaign will in no
way be partisan and will be conducted witli
a view to obtaining the best material for the
city government. Literature will be published
and meeting* arranged under the management
of the Advancement Association.
CONTEST ON FOR COIN
FOUND IN WEBER BARN
Bank, the Estate and Coroner Par
ties to tiie Action in
Court.
AUBURN, Jan. 10.—Coroner W. A.
Shepard. who is in possession of the
$5500 found in the Weber barn, and
presumed to have been buried there
by Adolph Weber, now charged with
robbing the Placer County Bank and
on trial for the murder of his parents,
brother and sister, to-day filed a bill
of interpleader. This brings all the
parties claiming the money into court
and relieves Shepard of all liability.
The fight is now on between the bank
and the Weber estate. If the bank
wins Shepard will claim the $1000 re
ward offered for the recovery of the
money. ,
ißii SWI l ißft and*danger attendant U P pon
VUVU If 11 the most critical period
£|P of her life. Becoming
a mother should be a source of joy to all, but the suffering and
danger incident to the ordeal makes its anticipation one of misery.
Mother's Friend is the only remedy which relieves women of the great
pain and danger of maternity; this hour which is dreaded as woman's
severest trial is not only made painless, but all the danger is avoided
by its use. Those who nse this remedy are no longer despondent or
gloomy; nervousness, nausea and other distressing conditions aro
overcome, the system is made ready for the coming event, and tho
serious accidents so common to the critical
hour are obviated by the use of Mother's lflA§l|A||f£>
Friend. "It is worth its weight in gold," Ml 1111 t| \
says many who have used it. $1.00 per 111 Villus*! %J
bottle at drug stores. Book containing
valuable information of interest to all women, will r.BklAlfcil
be sent to any address free upon application to If IMI
BRAD FIELD REGULATOR OtV. Atlanta, Om M U IVll\l
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
NEW SORORITY INSTALLED
AT STANFORD UNIVERSITY
Chapter of Gamma Phi Beta Formally
Established, With Membership
of Fourteen.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 10.
The national college Greek letter aor
ority Gamma Phi Beta was Installed
at Stanford last evening, absorbing
a local chapter known aa Gamma
Beta. The installation was in charge
of the Eta Chapter from Berkeley,
but there were also representatives
present from the Beta. Chapter of
Michigan, the Gamma Chapter of
Wisconsin and the Theta Chapter of
Denver. The Stanford girls who were
initiated into the sorority are:
Jeraldine Brown. '04, San Joee: Husl Pat
terson, '05. Los Angeles: Helen Dorrance, '05,
Carpenterla; Helen Salisbury, '06, Ix>s Ange
les: Mllola Ward. '06, Portland, Ore.; Ruth
Gilbert '06, Palo Alto: Emma Charlebols.
'00, Ventura; Helen Thoburn, 07, Palo Alto;
Pauline Gartimann. '07. Long Beach; Jessica
Bird. '08, Banning; Mabel Gray, '08. Albany.
N. V.; Mabel Crow, '08. Al ham bra; Georgia
Mullen, '08. Cedar Rapids, la.; Winifred Gil
bert, '08. Palo Alto.
The local chapter of Gamma Beta
was formed two years ago by a num
ber of girls in Roble Hall who felt
that there was room for another
sorority at Stanford. Gamma Phi
Beta was petitioned to for a charter
at once and one was granted on De
cember 28, 1904. The local chapter
will be known as the Mv Chapter of
Gamma Phi Beta.
WASHOUTS IN ARIZONA
DELAY ALL TRAFFIC
Neither the Southern PaclflcJ'noT the
Santa Fe Able to Run on
Schedule.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 10.—The big
rainstorm continues, the total pre
cipitation for the two days being near
ly three Inches, or more than half as
much rain as fell here during the en s
tire year of 1904. Northbound Santa
Fe, Prescott and Phoenix trains were
delayed for a few hours to-day by a
washout near Wlckenburg. -The
bridge over the Gila River at Kelvin,
on the Phoenix and Eastern, was dam
aged considerably, and eastbound
Southern Pacific trains a.*e delayed
by washouts between Yuma and Mari
copa.
All the rivers are booming and
canals are full. Cave Creek over
flow Inundated the town of Glendale,
nine miles east of Phoenix, doing
some damage. The benefits to the
country will vastly exceed any possible
damage.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 10.—A third of
an inch of rain was added to the
storm's total last night and early this
morning, making a total of 1:20
Inches. This is a trifle above the nor.
mal for this period.
JOHNSON WOULD LIMIT
NUMBER OF DRAFTED MEN
President of American League Thinks
Big Teams Should Pay $1000
Each for Players.
CINCINNATI, Jan. 10.—The Na
tional Baseball Commission at Its
meeting to-day considered the changes
in the National agreement desired by
the National Association of Minor
League Clubs. Several speeches were
made, most of the speakers urging
greater consideration for the minor
leagues. Ban Johnson said he was
opposed to the request of the minor
leagues regarding drafted players.
He offered a substitute, which has
been taken under advisement by tho
representatives of the National Asso
ciation of Minor Leagues.
Mr. Johnson proposed that each
club in the National and American
Leagues be limited to the drafting of
not more than four or five players
each year. He favored a maximum
price of $1000 for drafted men.
Schentzen Club Officers.
The members of the California
Scheutzen Club elected the following
officers last night: President, Phiio
Jacoby; vice president, A. Rahwy
ler; recording secretary, T. J. Car-
roll; financial secretary, L. J. Reu
bold: treasurer, A. O. Bremer; first
shooting master, J. C. Waller; second
shooting master, W. F. Blasse; third
shooting master, B. Woenne; trus
tees— F. A. Kuhls. L. C. Babln. H,
Gumbel; finance committee—A. Lott.
Charles Simon; directors—E. Woenne.
A. O. Bremer, L. J, Reubold. A,
Stucker, L. C. Babin, Fred Levers,
Philo Jacoby.
Mexican "Free Zone" Abolished.
EL PASO, Tex., Jan. 10.—The aboli
tion by the Mexican Government of
tht "free zone," a strip of territory ex
tending along the border for a width
of twenty kilometers, is announced
here on reliable information.
FISHERMAN IS ASPHYXIATED. —Joseph)
Amoroso, a fisherman, living at 5*4 San An
tonio street, was found yesterday In an un
conscious condition In a room of a lodging
house at the corner of Stockton and Broadway,
aa a result of gas asphyxiation. For a time
the identity of the man was unknown, but
last night his brother. Ralph Amoroso, called
at the Central Emergency Hospital and said j
that Joseph bad quarreled the previous day ~
with his mother and had left home. The un- .
fortunate man is not expected to survive the
effects of the ras.SAYS VENGEFUL LOVER
IS A TRAIN ROBBER
Suspected of Murder of Officer Brown
WOMAN ACCUSED OF BIGAMY AND ALLEGED TRAIN ROBBER WHOM
SHE EXPOSED TO POLICE BECAUSE HE PREFERRED CHARGE AGAINST
HER, LOVE ON EACH SIDE HAVING GIVEN WAY TO HATE.
Infatuation for a woman, and his
angry effort at revenge because she
jilted him, may prove the undoing of
lien G. Baddeley, suspected of train
robbery, and also of the murder
of Policeman George W. Brown of the
Oakland force.
•baddeley is in the City Prison, and
Captain of Detectives Burnett believes
him to be a desperate criminal. The
Southern Pacific detectives say they
have long had him under surveillance,
and Chicago detectives have been hunt
ing him for the hold-up of the "Dia- I
mond Express" on the Illinois Central I
Railroad in August last. The Oakland
'• detectives have been at work on a
theory that it was Baddeley who killed
. Officer Brown after having robbed a
■ citizen a short time before.
I' . The prisoner walked into the meshes
of the law yesterday when he swore
to a warrant charging Minnie M. Seg
ger, with whom he formerly lived, with
: bigamy. While an interlocutory decree
of divorce from Harry Segger had sev
eral months to run. Baddeley alleged,
the woman married "Bobby" Johnson,
a welter-weight pugilist, at Modesto.
The woman turned upon Baddeley in
retaliation of his act of jealousy and
iold Captain Burnett that Baddeley
was a member* of the gang of train
• ' robbers that operated so boldly last
•*, summer on the Rio Grande and other
roads on the other side of the Rockies.
Her story was straightforward and
plausible, and it was not long till Bad
• deley was behind the bars. He laughed
at the statements of his former para
mour, declared that she had read yel
. • low novels too much, and assured the
detectives that she was merely trying
to turn the tables on him. At first he
said he instituted prosecution of the
woman "in the interest of iaw and or
' der," but later he admitted that he
swore to the complaint because he
wanted to "get even" for her desertion
• of him.
MAKES STRONG DENIALS.
Baddeley's denials were so strong
that the detectives were nonplused.
Then they searched him, and two skele
ton keys were found. His explanation
wa« that he made them for his land
jgrfK. Drawn Butter fig
JB' I lit ) Materials:—Two tablespoonfuls ,/7^
'// / of flour, four tablespoonfuls of but- . ±4%uh
ter, one pint boiling water, one ffijgg
teaspoonful of salt, dash of cayenne.
Lea & Perrins 9
Sauce
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE
Seasoning: —It rake* a genius to make a sauce. The housewife
who dares not consider herself a genius stirs in three
tablespoonfuls of Lea £& Perrins' Sauce and awaits
with complacency the compliments she knows will
follow.
JOHN DUNCAN'S, SONS, Agent*, NEW YORK.
lady at 833 Howard street, where he
has been staying. But the landlady
says she knows nothing of the keys
and never requested him to make
them.
Next came the information from the i
I detective bureau of the Southern Pa-
I ciflc that Baddeley had been watched <
| for some time under suspicion that he
I was a train robber wanted in the East,
j But evidence was lacking to take him
I into custody, and the detectives were
I awaiting developments.
When Policeman Brown was mur- i
I dered across the bay Chief Kindelon !
jof the railroad force had at once sent
' his men out to trace up the movements :
jof Baddeley that Saturday night. Their j
immediate suspicion was that Badde- !
! ley was concerned in the tragedy.
Captain Burnett believed that there ,
| was sufficient corroboration of the wo- ;
I man's story to justify holding Badde
j ley for further investigation. Mrs. Seg
! ger produced a number of letters that
Baddeley had written to her while he j
! was in St. Louis last summer during |
: the hold-up season. She says that three
I letters, in which he described the rob
j bery of trains in which he had par-!
i ticipated, were taken from her by a;
j deputy sheriff at Newman, Stanislaus
I County, and forwarded to Detective j
; O'Keefe in Chicago. #
LETTERS ARE BAD.
But among the letters still in her!
j possession, all of which were profuse j
with expressions of affection for her- i
self. Baddeley had written the follow- ;
| ing. under a St. Louis date:
"I have started»to leave my whiskers j
I grow already. They are making my :
I face sore, but I will not have a shave ;
! until I leave this part of the country, j
! Don't show this letter or tell any one j
i too much. Just say that I have gone i
East.
'If I have luck we can go to Hot
Springs. Ark., together; that is. I will
meet you at some place we can appoint
after a while, if I am not run
In that case I won't need any springs
or anything else but a box. Then I
would meet Christ that you all are
afraid of."
After some more paragraphs of ef
fusive appeals to the woman not to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11. 1905.
INCOMING JEWS
CROWD LINERS
Arrivals of Russian Hebrews
at New York Number
75,160 in Five Months
FLEE FROM CZAR'S LAND
Desire to Evade War Serv
ice Responsible for the
lnpour of Immigrants
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.—During the
last five months the number of Rus
sian Hebrews arriving at this port has
exceeded that of any other nationality,
and has amounted to 75,160. The im- ■
migration officials view the situation |
with alarm. In the ten days they have
Bent back by the steamships on which |
they came 528 immigrants, chiefly on
the ground that they were "assisted."
It is claimed that many societies
exist in Europe for the purpose of i
supplying fleeing Russian Hebrews
with tickets for the United States and
coaching the fugitives to answer the
questions of the immigration officials.
. To lessen this inpour of what the
officials of the Department of Tom
I merce and Labor regard as undesirable
I immigration the officials of Ellis Is
i land are preparing records of many I
"assisted" cases for submission to Con- |
gress. j
The flight of the Hebrews from Rus
sia is due to a desire to evade war
service.
LONDON. Jan. 10.—A Roard of
Trade return issued to-night gives the
j number of aliens arriving in the
> United Kingdom in 1904 and not des
| tined for places outside of the United
! Kingdom at 95.724, compared with 82,
\ 600 in 1903. The total number of aliens
! arriving in the United Kingdom, in
j eluding those on their way to other
i places, is 195,300, compared with 207.191
in 1903.
| 4 *
I love any other man. Baddeley reverts
i to the hope of spending some months at
Hoi. Springs for the benefit of the
! health of both of them, assuring her
j that he would "have a bunch of money
I by that time."
According to the detectives Baddeley
j as a member of the train robbing gang
I was known as George Evans. Mrs.
; Segger's story is that he was associat
{ ed with three other men in the holdup
| business, which was carried on during
j the summer months. The leader of the
j gang, she says, is Joe Palmer, also
; known as "Black Joe." The other two
! members she knew only as Zip and
! Pete, and according to her best infor
! mation Zip was killed in New Mexico
i a short time ago. The headquarters of
J the gang were in St. Louis and their
I operations were chiefly on the Rio
Grande and Iron Mountain railroads.
Mrs. Segger was unable to go into de
i tails, for she could not remember them,
j and the three letters, in which Badde
' ley had written fully of his exploits,
j were out of her possession unfortunate
: ly. She felt bitter toward her former
lover because of his prosecution of her
self, and did her best tq give Captain
Burnett all information possible against
j him. She said that if she were guilty
j of an infraction of the law it was with-
I out intent, for she did not know but
that the interlocutory decree absolved
j her altogether from the bonds of matri
mony.
SUSPECTED OF MURDER.
As to the Oakland murder charge,
i the detectives said last night that they
J have suspected Baddeley from the
j start but have been unable to obtain
l any evidence against him. Detective
! Holland of Oakland spent several days
i in San Francisco trying to get some
I clew connecting him with the crime.
I but was unable to do so. Baddeley has
been living at 833 Howard street with
I a man known as "Mickey." The prison
! er first said his roommate's name was
' Ed Quinn, but later changed it to
j Finn.
"I am a hard working carpenter." j
declared Baddeley in his statement
last night, and he exhibited calloused i
hands in evidence. "I am not a train
robber and have never been one. Joe
Palmer is a blacksmith and carriage- j
maker in Frankfort. Missouri, and is
an intimate friend of mine. We worked j
together on the Fair buildings in St. <
Louis, and that is where I became ac- j
quainted with him. I do not know of i
any men named Zip and Pete.
"That woman must have been read
ing too many of these yellow novels.
She is simply spinning this yarn to
get even with me. We livea together
for about eighteen months and con
ducted a dance hall at Newman. We
had a row and she gave me the worst
of it in settling up the business. All
she gave me as my share in the dance
hall was $150. I then went to St. Louis.
She was married to Harry J. Segger.
a cakewalker, at Reno five years ago.
She sued for a divorce last year in
Stanislaus County, was awarded an in
terlocutory decree, but before the year
expired and after I left her she mar
ried this prizefighter, Bobby Johnson.
Yes, it is true that I tried to play even
with her for jilting me, and this talk
of hers that I am a train robber is
only an attempt on her part to re
taliate in kind.
EXPLAINS FALSE NAME.
Asked why he lived under an as
sumed name, the prisoner said he did
so because he did not want his right
name associated with the woman's
name, nor with the line of business he
was engaged in in Newman. He denied
making claim to relationship with
Chris Evans, and gave his birthplace
as Napa. As to the suspicious letter in
Captain Burnett's possession concern
ing the growth of his beard and the
danger of being "run to earth," Badde
ley said he was merely "stringing" the
woman to hold her affection. Refer
ences to death and the coffin might ap
peal to her sentimental side he thought.
The prisoner has a scar on his arm
that Mrs. Segger says is from a buck
shot with which he was wounded in a
"get-away" from one of his crimes.
He denies this emphatically.
In searching Baddeley's effects a
newspaper clipping was found, giving
the account of the birth of a child at
San Quentin. The 1 mother was Mrs.
Worthington, who killed Harry Badde
ley at the Jackson-street wharf about
eleven years ago. The prisoner said
the victim of the murder was his
brother.
A dispatch from Modesto states that
Baddeley is wanted at Newman as a
witness against a man accused of keep
ing his wife in a house of 111 repute.
It is said that last summer Mrs. Seg
ger was living with another man, whom
she had arrested for desertion from the
army In order to get rid of him.
Bob Johnson called at the prison last
night to give sympathy and aid to his
wife. He has retained an attorney for
her. >
Mrs. Duke Engages Counsel.
NEW YORK. Jan. 10.—Mrs. Alice
Webb Duke, whose marriage to Brodie
L. Duke was followed by his incar
ceration in a sanitarium, intends to
fight the relatives of her husband,
who are endeavoring to have the mar
riage annulled, and has retained coun
sel and taken steps to procure his re
lease upon habeas corpus proceedings.
TWO AMERICANS
FALL IN JOLO
Lieutenant and a Private
Killed and Six Wounded
in Action With the Moros
RESISTANCE BY BANDITS
Corbin Reports on Clash in'
Which Men Under Major
Hugh L. Scott Took Part
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—The
Military Secretary to-day received the
following cablegram from Major Gen- j
eral Corbin, commanding the Philip
pine Division, In regard to an engage
ment on Jolo Island:
Reeret to report death in action yesterday
in book District. Jolo. Second Lieutenant
James M. Jewell. Fourteenth Cavalry, and
Private William If. O'Netl, Troop X.. Four
teenth Cavalry.
Wounded -Second Lieutenant Roy W. Ash
brook. Seventeenth Infantry. sp?ar wound in
rleht eye. severe; < ornoral Harry E- Norris.
Troon K7 "Fourteenth Cavilry. gunsbot wound
in the arm; Sergeant Mark O. Drummond,
i.ompany \. Seventeenth Intantry. bolo wound
in t nigh, moderate; Captain Halsted T>or*>>.
Fourth Infantry. Hide de camp, gunshot wound
in le.t shoulder, very slight: Second Lieutenant
R-bert C. Richardson, Jr.. Fourteenth Cavalry,
BIURI wound, fingers; Private George K.
Thomas. Eighteenth Battery. Field Artillery.
SVBShct wound in right j»rm.
Th" action was Incident to the capture of a ,
work held by Moro outlaws which Major Hugh :
i, Pcott has b»en attempting to secure by I
means for several months Reopnt- ]
ly they hay» b»cn att'mpting to secure re- j
onTits and stir up the ortuntry. and th» kind
ly a „.r» s b> Scott w»re mistaken by ]
the surrounding Moms for fear or weakness. !
The slgrs of growing trouble necessitated se
ller One Moro was killed and the fort de
stroyed
Th» disturbances ar» purely local and un
Important as related to Jolo in general, which ;
is in gf or! condition. Most of the wounded ar«
only sli-Mly hurt. Valuable assistance was
giv»n and excellent service rendered by a party I
from the mtted States st»amshln Quiros.
Lieutenant Walk°r. I will report by mall as
soon as full details at* r*e*lv*d. Major Hugh
L Scott commanded the troops in the action.
I ♦
GILLETT UPHOLDS SWAYNE.
Dissents From the Articles of Im
peachment Against Him.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 10. —The
select committee of the House, ap
pointed to draft articles of impeach
ment against Federal Judge Swayne,
to-day completed its work by the
preparation of twelve articles of im
' They embrace the
charges of obtaining money by false
p ctenses, using the property of a
bankrupt corporation In the hands of
a receiver appointed by himself and
without making compensation to the
company: disobeying the law requir
ing him to live in his district, "unlaw
fully and maliciously" fining and im
i prisoning E. T. Davis and Simpson
i Belden. attorneys at law: alleged con
tempt of the Circuit Court of the
United States: "unlawfully commit
ting to prison" W. C. O'Neil on the
charge that he had committed con
tempt of the District Court of the
United States.
I A minority report signed by Rep
resentatives Littlefleld of Maine and
Parker of New Jersey dissents to all
the articles of impeachment except
that pertaining to the falsification of
' the expense account of Judge Swayne.
, Gillett of California also signs this re
! port with a note that he dissents from
all the articles of impeachment.
PANAMA RAILROAD INQUIRY.
House Committee Favors Investiga
tion of Company's Affairs.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.—The
j House Committee on Interstate and
Foreign Commerce to-day authorized
a favorable report on the Shackelford
| resolution providing for an examina
-1 tion by that committee of the affairs
I of the Panama Railroad Company.
Shackelford said it was known that
' the railroad was maintaining offices in
New York at an expense of $200,000
: a year. It was known to at least four
teen members of the committee, he
continued, that in 1903 the directors
'of the road had declared dividends of
I between $200,000 and $300,000 in ex
| cess of the net earnings.
I The resolution recites that "the
: United States is now the owner of
' more than 98 per centum of the
! shares of the capital stock of the
! Panama Railway Company and it is
j for that reason expedient that Con
j gress should have full knowledge of
I the affairs of said company.
CURRENCY BILL DISCUSSED.
House Adopts Amendment Offered by
Minority Leader.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10. —The ses
sion of the House to-day was given
over almost entirely to discussion of
! the bill on banking and currency "to
: improve currency conditions." A sud
den interest in the measure seemed
to develop, as evidenced by the large
I membership present throughout the
j day.
Democratic opposition mainly was
I dissipated by the adoption of an
amendment offered by Williams of
Mississippi, providing that Govern
ment deposits shall be made only on
competitive bids. Final action on the
bill was not taken.
STATEHOOD BILL AMENDED.
Senate Spends a Day in Further Dis
cussion of Measure.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.—The Sen
ate to-day continued consideration of
the joint statehood bill, the chief ac
complishment being- the acceptance of
most of the amendments suggested
by the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Speeches were made by Stewart and
Newlands, the former advocating an
amendment for the protection of the
interests of the Indians In Indian Ter
ritory, and the latter favoring limita
tion of the area of lands to be soil
to individuals.
The bill for the reimbursement of
the American sealers for losses under
seizures in Bering Sea also was con
sidered, but a vote was not reached.
#■ • • 1
Expel harmlessly, through the natural
channels, all Impurities from the system
(or circulation) with Lash's Bitters. V
OLATHE. Kans.. Jan. 10.—FJre that started
here last night was placed under control to
day. The Miller block, containing several
stores, was destroyed. Loss, $75,000.
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Large Box of
BUTTER BRITTLE.
A Delicious Confection,
Made by
THEOPOLD MORRIS * CO.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
FAMED IS DUDE
OF THE ENGLISH
HOUSE OF LORDS
IyOONQ FAR!,. CONSIDERED THE
PEST PRESSED MAN IN THE
HOI SE OF lords.
fr r*
LONDON. Jan. 10. -Though he Is
only 32 years old. the Earl of Beau
rhamp is said to Dossess the distinction
i
of having made more speeches than .
any other living Englishman. There \
may be some exaggeration that, I
but it is certain that he is the most i
loquacious member of the aristocracy, i
He believes that it is his chief mission
in life to set <>ther people right by be- j
stowing upon them unlimited advice
and counsel. As it costs them nothing
for the most part they endure it good- ,
naturedly. He never lacks an opportu- !
nity to ventilate his ideas, because lords
are always in demand at public func- ,
tlons in England. It has not yet been >
noted that he has ever accomplished
anything by his oratory, but he is still
young and persevering.
The Earl is a very good-looking man.
and he knows it, too. Likewise he is
well aware that he has very shapely
hands, and they always figure promi
nently in his photographs. In his
younger days he was regarded as the
dude of the peerage and is still con
sidered the best dressed man in the
House of Lords. . .
A DEVOUT CHURCHMAN.
He is very devout and it was said
that in his early youth he had decided
to enter the ministry. He changed his ;
mind on that point on succeeding to !
the ancestral estates and titles when
only 19. He has, however, always
shown keen interest in church matters :
and only the other day he berated
church choirs and organists for being
more devoted to music than to religion
and thereby sacrificing piety to art.
When he was 27 years of age a Con
servative Government sent him to New |
South Wales as Governor of that col- j
ony. The Antipodeans, who have much j
less respect for hereditary titles than
English folk, did not take very kindly
to him. His state dances were de
risively dubbed ••Seidlitz Powder Balls"
because tickets of admission were blue
and' white. The holders of the blue
pasteboards were entitled to a better
supper than those who had been pro
vided only With white ones, and had
other exclusive privileges, too. To the
democratic colonists distinctions of
this sort savored of snobbishness and
they resented it.
FOE OF RACE SUICIDE.
The Earl did not mend matters any
hy taking them to task for their small
families and declining birth rate. That
sort of talk comes all very well from
President Roo-seveit, whose precepts are
backed up by the example his own
home furnishes of a large and healthy
family, but Australian husbands and
wives regarded it as sheer impertin
ence coming from a young peer, who
was at that time stili a bachelor, al
though he could well afford a wife.
They told him bluntly that before he
began to preach upon the obligations
of matrimony he should first get mar
ried himself, and intimated that there
were plenty of Australian girls who
were quite capable of sustaining the
title of Countess with grace and dignity
He did not profit by that hint.
It was long supposed that he would
never marry because, according to
tradition, a curse had been laid on the
family. It was directed against the
eldest son of an eldest son and de
clared that such a one would never in
herit the wealth of the family because
it had been derived from the spoils of
the church. The Earl is an eldest son,
but in 1902 he decided to risk the curse,
so far as any future heir might be in
volved, by marrying Lady Lettice
Grosvenor, a daughter of the late Earl
Grosvenor and sf sister of the second
Duke of Westminster. It was what is
called a brilliant match.
PRESIDENT'S ATTITUDE
ON SMOKE BEARS FRUIT
Arrests Made in Washington as the
Result of Suggestion in Mes
sage.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—
ing the recent letter of President
Roosevelt urging the strict enforce
ment of the law against the emitting
of dense smoke from chimneys in the
District of Columbia the police court
to-day imposed fines aggregating $480
in nineteen cases against Lindley S.
Sinclair, general superintendent of
the Potomac Electric Power Company.
Fines were also imposed in several
other cases.
COCKRELL ACCEPTS PLACE
OFFERED BY PRESIDENT
Missouri Senator Decides to Become
Member of Jhe Interstate Com
merce Commission.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—Senator
Cockrell of Missouri has decided to
accept the position on the Interstate
Commerce Commission offered to him
some time ago by President Roose
velt. He will succeed Commissioner
James D. Teomans of lowa, whose
term expired on the 7th inst.
Senate Confirms Hoyt.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.—The Sen
ate to-day in executive session con
firmed the following nominations:
Henry M. Hoyt of California to be
United States Attorney for the Dis
trict of Alaska; Harold L. Lyon of
Minnesota, Consul at Chungkin, China;
Ira A. Abbott, Associate Justice of
the Supreme Court of New Mexico.
BISHOP TALBOT
MUST BE TRIED
Repudiation of Signatures
to His Presentment Does
Not Settle the Case
INQUIRY BOARD MEETS
Members Express Opinion
That Charges Stand De
spite Act of Vestrymen
READING, Pa., Jan. 10—Despite the
lack of a quorum, seven members of
the board of inquiry appointed to
probe the charges made against Bishop
Ethelbert Talbot of the Central Penn
sylvania diocese of the Episcopal
Church by L N. W. Irvine, the deposed
priest, met in this city to-day and,
after a three hours' conference, ad
journed to meet here on Friday. The
members of the committee Informally
considered the case in many of Its
phases, and, after its adjournment, it
was the consensus of opinion that ac
tion must be taken to save the good
name of the church, as well as In jus
tice to the accused prelate. The mem
bers of the board were of the opinion
that there could be no withdrawal of
the grave charges and the case ought
to be settled once and for all.
William D. Butler of Mauchchunk.
Pa., a layman of the board, who was
elected secretary, said that, not
withstanding that the Huntingdon
signers had repudiated the charges and
that the other signers had asked Bishop
Tuttle to permit them to withdraw the
accusations, the charges stood as prom
inently as ever before the members of
the board.
Butler is also authority for the state
ment that Bishop Tuttle has refused to
acquiesce in the request of the majority
lof the presenters for the withdrawal of
the charges.
"The charges once having been made
and signed," he said, "are no longer
. the property of the presenters, but are
j now the property of the church, and
: they have nothing to do but to let the
' matter take its own course."
All the members of the board and the
presenters agree in one paragraph of
the withdrawal paper, which read as
• follows:
! "We earnestly desire that the long
existing scandal in the church shall be
I forever quieted."
DOUMOR ELECTED PRESIDENT
OF THE FRENCH CHAMBER
Has Actively Opposed a Number of
Measures Favored by Premier
Combes.
PARIS. Jan. 10.—Both branches
of Parliament began their annual ses
sion to-day. There was great anima
tion in the Chamber of Deputies,
where the recent controversies rela
tive to the spying system and the ad
| ministration of» the navy led to a
movement for the election of Paul
; Doumor, former Governor G enera ' °*
' French Indo-China*. as President of
, the House against former President
! Henri Brisson. The contest was spir
r ited, resulting in the election of Dou
, mor by 265 votes to 240 cast for Bris
i son. The result was a surprise, as
Doumer heretofore had actively
posed a number of President Combes'
measures.
The President of the Senate, in his
i opening address, eulogized the heroism
iof the Russian soldiers.
I ROME. Jan. 10.—News of the election
:of Doumor to the Presidency of the
: French Chamber of Deputies gives
great satisfaction at the Vatican,
where it is regarded as a notable de
feat for Premier Combes. Friends in
Paris of the Pontificate have been
pointing out for some time that "Dou
mor is one of the most fit among
French statesmen to succeed Premier
Combes, and it is reported that he has
been gathering about him the more
i moderate element in French politics.
REBUKES PETITION SIGNERS.
'• Senator Daniel Says They Act With
out Knowledge of Case.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—In pre
senting in the Senate a number of pe
titions for the expulsion of Senator
! Smoot, Daniel of Virginia said to-
I day:
The petitions concern the right of a Ser.s
--l tor to his seat. Nothing is officially known
I tr< the Senate concerning this case, which is In
committee, and I 1o not know how the sl?S«ft
jof these petitions could pass upon the case
! without knowledge < f Ihe testimony. I presont
L the petitions because the people tvive ill? right
[to stnd them, but .tot because I r-cognUe the
yroj.ilety of them.
Army and Navy Orders.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.—By order
;of the War Department, George F.
| McGurren, now at the Presidio, San
* Francisco, is transferred to Fort
Rosecrans. Post Quartermaster Ser-
I geant Peter V. Kuhn, now at Fort
i Mason. Cal.. will be sent to the Pre-
I sidio, San Francisco, to relieve Post
Quartermaster Sergeant Clement G.
, Colesworthy. Post Quartermaster Ser-
I geant Clement G. Coleswor.thy, now on
I temporary duty at Fort Miley, Cal.,
iis assigned to duty at that post.
Orders to naval officers—Corporal
A. F. Hamberger is ordered to the
works of Moran Bros. Company at
Seattle, for duty in the office of the
superintendent of construction.
t^^pT-1.- 0 . Solid oak—five drawers—bevel ■
' plate mirror—regular $15.00 value, M
Special $7.75 /
[cashorcreditl £^
tt* am ■■■ Worth of Purnitur* 9
/*75 g£pg T. BRILLIANT I
■ ing* TUts Complete. • H
■ WE PAT FREIGHT. f" * t /* M
I OTTK TEEMS ALSO APPLY TO Hftfflf t ft f X 10. ■
■ OAXLAWD. ALAMEDA, BERKX- X UIIIHUIV \j\J*
M LEY and aU STTBUBBAH TOWHS. B
% ONE DOLLAR PER WEEK Post St, I
\ OPENS AN ACCOUNT^^ 000 IUM U J
PUNY ATTEMPT
TO MAR STATUE
Notoriety Seeking Person
Tries to Deface Kaiser's
Gift to United States
NO DAMAGE Ig DONE
Heroic Figure of Fred
erick the Great Unscathed
by a Mimic Explosion
Special Dispatch to The OUL
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10. —A sensa
tion was caused In this city to-day
by the discovery of what appeared to
be a definite and serious attempt to
blow up or deface the statute of Fred
erick the Great, given to the United
States by Emperor William of Ger
many and erected in the arsenal
grounds near the Army College on the
Potomac River water front. In the
Southern part of the city. It waa be
lieved at first that a crank had made
a real effort at destruction of the
statue, but after a careful investiga
tion the police officials say the ma
terial used was incapable of producing
damage. All the evidence so far ob
tained, the police announced to-night,
tcr.ded to show that the attempted
effort to injure the statue waa puny
and amateurish to a degree. It Is re
garded as an atempt to work up a
sensation.
Detectives learned that a negro
hackman named Arthur Carter took
the man thought to have perpetrated
the affair from the Pennsylvania Rail
road to the statue. Apparently he had
just arrived in the city. His baggage
consisted of a small and worn dress
suit case. The man told the hackman
to drive slowly to the barracks
grounds. When the statue was
reached the stranger alighted, ran up
the sfHps leading to the westerly ter
race of the War College esplanade and
disappeared behind the pedestal of the
statue. A minute later he ran back
to the cab and the hackman noticed
that the grip which the stranger had
carried was missing. The man jumped
into the cab and ordered the hackman
to drive out of the grounds as quickly
as possible. Soon afblr getting out of
the grounds the stranger jumped out,
paid the hackman and disappeared
tcward the river front.
Post Baker Reiger. at the barracks,
saw the cab drive up and the man
jump out and run toward the statue
with a satchel under his arm, from
which smoke was issuing, but he
could not see what became of the
man.
The man had hung the suit case by
a wire hook to the iron fence sur
rounding the statue. A few minutes
later a negro discovered it and dis
lodged it from the fence with a piece
of scantling. As it fell to the ground
it exploded. Aside from throwing a
few splotches of mud upon the steps
of the pedestal no harm was done.
One effect of the explosion was the
hurried building of a small watch box
beside the statue, where a watchman
will be stationed all the time here
after.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
New Postmasters Appointed for Cali
fornia—Patents for Residents of
the State.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—Postmas
ters were appointed to-day as fol
lows: For California — Frank J.
Thatcher, at Butte Meadows, Butte
County; William Farmer, at Pleasant
Grove, Sutter County; William C.
Watklns, at Nestor; Mary Delunhi, at
Volcano, a new office; George Morgan,
at Monumental, Del Norte County.
Patents were issued to-day as fol
lows to Californians:
Delos Allen Los Angeles, anti-friction Jour
nal box; William M. Anderson, Santa Paula,
stepladder: John E. Armstrong. Santa Cruz
(two), vehicle and car ventilator; Decator D.
Beattv, Grass Valley, nat frame machine:
Martin P. Boss, San Francisco, mortar for
stamp mills; Eajar J. Bryan, assignor one
half to A. W. Miller, Riverside, hand truck:
Chris A. Burns. San Francisco, attachment for
sewing machines for producing drapery cords;
Antonio Orruti, San Francisco, can cap sol
dering machine: Casper Elllnger, Santa Bar
bara, door check: Ferdinand Ephraim, assignor
one-half to A. Ran*. San Francisco, process
and -ipparatus for the separation and recovery
of .-gum irom rubber plants; Frank J.
Foreaujc, Alameda, apparatus for generating
illuminating gas; Albert J. Griffith. St. He
lena, neck stall.
Miltin B. Irvine. Long Beacb. centering de
vice for cheese cutters; Ira E. Johnson. Fresno,
assignor one-fourth to G. A. Walker. Paradise.
Arlxona. harness hook: Orra M. Lacey, Han
ford. t>-|tage regulator; Albert E. Leech. Ful
tcn, reciprocating hammer: Albert W. Miller.
Riverside, mortising machine; Elmer C.
Kirtl.nip. Sen Jose, mechanical movement:
.larvis W. Porter, Los Angeles, railwayjrack;
Lida C. Sherlck. Lemon Grove. Infant? R«r
m?nts, John Singer, Los Angeles, imitation
tiling: George H. Stewart. Ijo% Angeles (two),
soldering and sheet metal plates; William l».
Watklns. San Jose, telephone selecting system:
John C. White. Marysvill?. draper; Erra M.
Wilson. Adln. revolving blotter.
Bryan the Hero at a Banquet.
LAFAYETTE. Ind., Jan. 10.—Sev
eral national leaders of the Democrat
ic party and many prominent State
Democrats broke bfead to-night at the
Jackson day banquet of the Jackson
Club. Following the feast there were
addresses, in which William J. Bryan
received the largest share of applause,
but National Chairman Thomas Tag
gart also was accorded an ovation. W.
R. Hearst, who was expected, did not
attend.
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. BPRECKELS. Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMVNICATIONS TO
JOHN McNAUGHT ..t j_ Manager
PQWUCATIOK Omcm. 7. THIKD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
V> PJDNESDAY -~y_ LLLV. J — — ~ r'l^PA^LJhJ^ 9 }
OAKLAND had a clear sheet on which to write a municipal
water policy that would protect her people against bad ad- j
ministration, and insure a thoroughly business-like policy in |
acquiring and running a municipal plant. There has been progress
in the world in these matters, and there is an accumulation of ex
perience for the guidance of the future. It is settled in this country
and in Europe that no private plant should be left in the field to
compete with a public plant, and ttiat the cost of the public plant
should rest upon it alone, leaving the public credit free. It is also
settled that the organization of the municipal government should
have the official machinery required in the creation and operation
of a public plant, and that this official machinery should be per
manent, resting upon merit, and not subject to the political changes
of personnel, which are inevitable in a government resting on suf
frage. Our sister city seems to have turned her back on each of
these settled principles and, as might have been expected under such
circumstances, favors a proposition that is open to all of the objec
tions that may be brought against municipal ownership and to
others, more serious, that inhere in the specific plan adopted.
We regret that this noted California city has refused to make a
ikw datum line, from which all future experiments in municipal
trading would be measured. With such an opportunity to prove that
a municipal plant can be bought on its own credit and successfully
run and paid for out of its own revenues, leaving the public credit
free for use in the desirable public improvements which press upon
all modern cities, it is regrettable that Oakland should prefer to imi
tate the worst policies of the past, rather than take the honor of
originating the better policy of the future.
It will be noticed that a refusal to make a municipal water plant
carry its own bonds and its own cost of administration is a signifi
cant admission that municipal ownership is a failure. The propo
nents of that policy should 4>e glad of the chance to prove that its
administration can be as economical and as business-like as that of
a private plant. When they have the chance to prove this, and
refuse it, they cannot complain if the opponents of municipal social
ism take advantage of their refusal.
In the Oakland proposition are certain singular features that
may be examined independently of any views for or against munici
paf ownership. With the power to condemn the existing plant and
so eliminate its competition, it is proposed to bond the city for a
plant that is not yet in existence, and whose rights to any water
arc in litigation, and the city is denied the right to make any con
tract for that plant until after its hands are tied by voting the bonds.
That is to say, the people are asked to vote bonds, tie their hands,,
mortgage the public credit, leave a competitor in the field, without
having any contract for anything. As the plant for which the bonds
are to be voted was condemned by the only expert who has exam
ined it. and as the bonds are to be pledged in advance of any con
tract for the delivery of any specified quantity of water, and as the
Belters propose to use wood pipe instead of iron, the project seems to
be in discord to all business principles.
If our interest in such public questions and our friendly interest
in our neighboring city qualify us to advise, we would surely advise
the people of Oakland to insist upon a complete contract before they
vote on bonds, and to vote down all bonds until they have a con
tract and know for what they are voting. The expenditure of ap
proximately $6,000,000 without any contract would revolt any busi
ness man. No individual, firm or corporation would think of doing
such an unbusiness-like thing; then why should a city tamper with
the public credit to do it? We have seen no reason given either by
members of the city government or the sellers of the proposed plant
for refusing to make a contract before voting bonds.
The spirit if not the letter of the law for such bond issues is that
the people in voting on bonds vote to ratify or reject a contract. In
Oakland they are asked to vote millions to a project for which there
is no contract. We regard such a vote as void in law. Of course
the implication is that the proposed contract has features which the
people would not indorse, therefore these must be concealed. All
proper policy and all fair dealing require that the people shall have
the contract before them, to ratify or reject as they see fit. Instead
of this the people are asked to mortgage their property for millions
to carry out a contract which they are not permitted to see. Such
a proposition has in it the elements of all kinds of loss, scandal and
trouble, and it should be stopped now by making a contract and
letting the people see it and vote upon it.
If we cannot have the satisfaction of seeing a right start made
by basing the bonds on the plant they create, we can have the satis
faction of advising that at least the people, who are to pay the bill,
be permitted to see the contract on which they are voting.
A CORRESPONDENT finds analogy between retirement at
■ the age limit of 62 in the army and navy, and the retirement
of United States Senators at the same age. There is no anal
ogy. The age limit in the army and navy is not based upon the su
perannuation of officers, but is for the purpose of permitting the line
to move up by promotion. At 62 a man may be in his mental and
physical prime, indeed most men are. General Miles is as well qual
ified to lead an army as he was twenty years ago, and Terry, the
last rear admiral retired in the navy, would resent the insinuation
that he is not as good a man as ever. 4
In public life outside the army and navy we have abundant evi
dence of the great usefulness of men who are long past 62. Of the
Senators Morgan is 81, and his colleague is 84, and they both do
full duty. Of others past the age of 62 are Berry, Perkins, Bard,
Teller, Patterson, Piatt of Connecticut and Piatt of New York, Haw
ley, Bacon, Cullom, Allison, Blackburn, McCreery, McEnery, Hale,
Frye, Gorman, Burrows, Alger, Nelson, Money, Cockrell, Clark of
Montana, Gibson, Millard, Stewart, Gallinger, Dryden, DepeW,
Mitchell, Aldrich, Bate, Proctor, Dillingham, Daniel, Foster, Elkins,
Scott, Spooner and Quarles. So it appears that near half the Sena
tors are over the age at which our correspondent would retire them.
Allison, Cockrell, Morgan and the late Senator Hoar, the oldest
of all. were among the most useful men in either house of Congress.
To empty the Senate of these men on account of age would be to
deprive it of much of its best working material and the most useful
to the country. The saying "old men for counsel, young- men for
war," is justified by the world's experience, though it is not a denial
that young men may be also qualified for counsel, as we know they
are. But old men are not disqualified. We think it is wise that the
constitution fixes a minimum age for the Senate of 30 years and
for the House of 25, but omits a maximum entirely.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
A Chicago preacher says that divorce la a necessity, and ta Chicago It
seems to be the kind of necessity that knows no law. —Richmond Times-Dis
patch.
Cooks are paid more than teachers, says the Census Bureau. But then
the average stomach holds more than the average head.—Atlanta Constitution.
How many women who are demanding the abolition of Santa Claus ever
heard his name lisped by children, jof their own?— Boston Record.
With a revolution on in China the Eastern situation promise* to bo as
hard to watch as a three-ring circus.—Chattanooga Times.
The Russians are always ready to provide figures to show that a Japanese
victory waa not worth the price paid for it.—Washington Star.
Judging from accounts of Its further progress, the vodka on the Russian
Baltic fleet still holds out. —New Tork World.
WATER IN OAKLAND.
THE AGE LIMIT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO C&LL, WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 11/ 1905.
CONTUSION
AND CANDY
GEORGIAN GRISWOLD
JIMMIE DUDLEY gased blankly
at the letter before him. It was
the first time that any trouble
had arisen between him and
Mabel, and he could not quite
grasp it.
j "You needn't come up this even-
I ing," the letter ran, "I don't want
ever to see you again. I supposed
that you were manly and honest and
true. I never supposed you were de
ceiving another girl just as you have
¥ +
"You did," said Jim Dudley
and Jim Tucker, feelingly.
+ 1
been deceiving me. I shall keep the
candy and the letter, too. I suppose
ehe has the candy intended for me,
and you can easily write another let
ter. You seem to be quite apt at
writing letters."
There was no signature, though it
needed no name to tell Jimmie from
whom the letter came. There was
only ©ne girl to whom he sent candy
and wrote letters, and he had been
anticipating such a pleasant evening
with her.
All that morning the letters on the
Sheets before him,engaged in a car
itlval dance. By noon he was an
hour behind in his work, and when
the chief clerk asked him if he had
sent that Thompson letter, referring
to a matter under office discussion,
he decided that Jimmie had been
drinking, for the poor fellow an
swered that he had sent it, but that
he did not know what in the world
was the matter.
For Jirnmie there was only one
letter, and that had gone the day be
fore to Mabel Stanley, enclosed in a
box of chocolates. He always sent
Mabel chocolates on Wednesdays and
Saturdays, and a letter was always
enclosed. He could not understand
why the letter should have made her
so angry. It had only contained a
few tender messages, and the an
nouncement that he would be up
Thursday evening as usual. He had
hoped on this very evening to ask
her the question that had been trem
bling upon his lips ever since he had
been given that last raise in salary.
A TRAGIC SITUATION
Fltzboodle—By the way—Dining at Lyonhunter's to-morrow ajght?
Fltzfoodle—Jove I Now I remember, they did ask me.
Fltzboodle— Forgot to answer?
Fltxfoodlo—Oh, I answered fast enought but I've clean forgotten
whether I accepted or declined I —Tram London Opinion.
Roman and Arabic Numerals.
It takes three and one-third times
as long to write the Roman numerals
from 1 to 100 as the Arabic, and the
chance of error is twenty times as
great. It takes three times as long
to read the Roman numerals from 1
to 100 as the Arabic, and the chance
for error in this Is eight time* as
great Tet there Is a great advantage
in the Roman numerals, for nearly all
the clvlMxed world .knows them.
Many a fellow who i marries for
money has to be satisfied with a meal
ticket.
New he was forbidden to come, and
he did not even know why!
Some how he blundered along until
lunch time, and when that relief came
he wandered along the street trying
to puzale out the mystery. So en
grossed had he become in his thoughts
that he was then minutes late in get
ting back to the office.
"What do you mean by writing a
letter like that?" Tucker shouted as
ho nourished a paper under the as
tonished Dudley's nose.
"Where did you see Mabel?" de
manded the under man.
"Mabel!" yelled the irate Tucker.
"What have I to do with Mabel?"
"Nothing. I hope," said Jimmie
Dudley fervently, "but you seem to ,
have taken the-matter up."
"Taken it up!" repeated Tucker, j
"Why shouldn't I take It up when it
may cost me the sweetest girl In all j
the world?"
"I thought you were engaged to !
Belle Winchell," spluttered Dudley,
who was beginning to find the pres- ,
sure upon his throat decidedly Incon
venient.
"I was," hissed Tucker, tightening ■
his grip upon his victim's throat, "un- |
til you, with your asslnine Ideas of i
comedy broke it off."
"Then what about Mabel?" gasped
Jimmie.
"That," said Tucker, releasing his
hold and spreading the paper before
Jimmies eyes.
"Why shouldn't I write like that to !
Mabel?" demanded Dudley, as his eye
fell upon his own handwriting. j
"Why should you send it to Belle?" i
counter-questioned Tucker.
Jimmies glance fell upon Dave
Bowen, who had entered. Dave was
doubled up with laughter. Light
dawned upon Jimmies understanding.
"Did you send Belle some candy yes
terday?" he asked Tucker eagerly.
"As though you didn't know,"
sneered Tucker. "Didn't you put this
note in?"
"Did you get it at Croft's?" pursued
Jimmie.
"Didn't you see the name on the
box?" asked Tucker.
"Pound box?" continued Jimmie.
"You know it was," said Tucker.
With a howl Jimmie precipitated
himßelf upon Bowen and, taking him
ofl his guard, promptly tripped him up
and sat upon his chest.
"Did you get a letter accusing you
of writing love letters to two girls?" ;
demanded Dudley of Tucker.
"She said I was trying to disguise
my handwriting—as if I ever would
write as badly as you do."
"Day«. di<l «"»« mix those boxes?" |
demar.dad Dudley.
1 cay... ' aamiued Dave inelegantly, j
"You see, the two boxes were just '
alike and I knew that each held a
letter. It was easy to mix things up."
"You did," said Jim Dudley and
Jim Tucker feelingly, and Tucker
added his weight to Dudley's. ,
They stopped Just short of murder
and then made Dave write elaborate
explanations to both Mabel and Belle
detailing how he had seen that there
were twin boxes of candy on the two
desks and how he had changed them.
He was let off only after it was
found that the explanations were ac
cepted, but Dave declares that if he
ever falls in love he is going to change
his position to avoid misunderstand- ;
inga. And Dudley and Tucker assure
him feelingly that it would be the
wiser course.
copyright, 1905, by T. C. McClure.)
Big Factory Makes Hairpins.
The greatest of the world's manu
factories of hairpins is at Painswick.
a village situated in the Stroud Val
ley, at the foot of the Cotswolds. There
are no fewer than SOO persons, says
the Engineer of London, employed In
turning out these trifles of the bou
doir, and hundreds of automatic trans
chines are in constant operation trans
forming miles of wire into tons of
finished pins.
The Judge makes a charge, but the
lawyer stands more chance of collect
ing.
FIVE OF HIS
SONS KILLED
IN THE WAR
MICHAEL. ABRAMOFF.
+*- L +
THE accompanying portrait Is that
of Michael Abramoff, a Russian
knife grinder, who has received
an autograph letter from the Czarina.
He has fourteen children, nine of whom
went to the war. Two were killed and
one wounded at Liaoyang, while at
the Shaho battle three were killed,
fighting side by side, and three serious
ly wounded.
GOOD YEAR FOR
THE_RHYMSTERS !
The New Year bards should gayly thrive,
For they may dive, or drive,
Arrive alive, and hive, and thrive.
Contrive, deprive and wive;
Yes, they may gyve, connive, revive,
As well as rive and shrive.
For there are lots and lots of words
To rhyme with "Nineteen five."
—New York Press.
FOOLISH DICTIONARY.
"The Foolish Dictionary," published
in London recently, is a collection of
original and entertaining definitions.
Here are a few extracts from this new
Webster: ,
Adversity—A bottomless lake sur
rounded by near-sighted friends.
Appendicitis—A modern pain costing
£40 more than the old-fashioned stom
achache.
Benedict —A married male.
Benedictine —A married female.
Benediction—Their children.
Champagne—The stuff that makes
the world go round.
Critic—A wet blanket that soaks cv- .
erything it touches.
Engagement—ln war, a battle. In
love, the salubrious calm that precedes
the real hostilities.
Home—Where the mortgage is.
Hosiery—Woman's excuse for walk
ing in the wet. »
Man-About-Town—One who is on
speaking terms with the head waiter.
Mine—A hole in the ground owned by
a liar.
Pain —A sensation experienced on re
ceiving a Punch, particularly the Lon
don one.
Telegram—A form of correspondence
sent by a man in a hurry, and carried
by a boy in sleep.—Brooklyn Eagle.
ENVYJjJEIP.
There are long, bony hands that reach
To keep me from my soul's desire;
I thank the Lord for all and each
Of them whose envy I Inspire.
For him that does not need to cope
With Jealousy and Hate there never
Can be the triumphs that to Hope
Are by Endeavor.
—Chicago Record-Herald.
INHERITED.
First Spectator—l don't see how that '
■word swallower manages to accom
plish such a feat, do you?
Second Ditto—Probably his ancestors
all ate with their knives.—Detroit Fres
Press.
AN6WERS_[O QUERIES.
A DATE—S., City. December SI,
1884, fell on a Wednesday.
PLUM PUDDING—J. A. C, City.
There are about twenty-five recipes
for making plum pudding. If you will
go to the Free Public Library, City
Hall, you will find books that contain
such recipes.
ROOSEVELT —W. M. C, Woodside, :
Cal. President .Roosevelt married
when quite young, to Alice Lee of Bos
lea, who died two years after, leaving
a daughter Alice. In 1886 he married
his present wife, Elisabeth Kenneth I
Carow of New York.
ASSASSIN — Subscriber, Oakland,
Cal. The word assassin is desired from
Assassinians, fanatical Mohometans
collected by Hassan ben Sabah and set
tled in Persia in about 1090. In Syria
they possessed a large tract of land
among the mountains of Lebanon.
They murdered the Marquis of Mont
ferrat in 1192, Lewis of Bavaria in
1213 and the Khan of Tartary in 1264.
The chief of the corps was named
•The Old Man of the Mountain." They
trained young people to assassinate
such persons as their chief had devotea
to destruction.
GENERAL ROSECRANS—W. R., \
Fairbanks, Cal. William Starke Rose-
THE SMART SET
The Protet is due In port in a day or
two—good news for the smart set maids
who enjoyed the society of the gallant
defenders of France some months ago
when here. Honolulu entertained the
officers at Christmas in charming fash
ion. They of the Isle of Palms know
how.
• • •
! Mrs. Pedar Bruguiere is lying ill at
1 her home at Sacramento and Franklin
streets. While not In a critical state,
she will be denied the pleasure of see
ing her friends for many weeks to
come. Last week Mrs. Emile Bruguiere
came up from Monterey to remain with
her sister-in-law during the crisis of
her illness.
• • •
Miss Kathryn Kidder, who has had
much courtesy extended her since ar
riving in San Francisco, was last even
ing entertained at supper by Mrs.
Gerritt Lansing. The assembly was
held in the cafe of the St. Franc'ls. The
guests asked to meet Miss Kidder were:
Dr. and Mrs. J. Wilson Shiels, Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Deertng, Mr. and Mrs.
Mark Gerstle and William Greer Har
rison.
• • •
Mrs. Edward B. Young, who will be
hostess at a large tea on Thursday in
honor of Miss Louise Whitney of Santa
Barbara, will entertain about a hun
dred guests. Receiving with Mrs.
Young will be Miss Whitney, Miss Cecil
Rogers, Miss Katherine Herrin.
•* * A
Mrs. L Lowenberg entertained at
luncheon in the palm garden of the
Palace yesterday. Mrs. John F. Mer
rill was guest of honor and those asked
to meet her were Mrs. H. E. Hunting
ton, Mrs. John Swift, Mrs. Reginald
Knight Smith, Mrs. Horace Wilson,
Mrs. Marriner Campbell, Mrs. John P.
Young, Mrs. Ernest Simpson, Mrs. Wil
liam B. Harrington, Mrs. Frederick
Hewlett.
• • •
Miss Maud Payne entertained in
formally yesterday afternoon.
• • *
Mrs. Squire Varrick Mooney enter
tarns Miss Irene Sabin at luncheon
to-day.
/• • *
Bishop and Mrs. Sidney Catlin Par
tridge sailed on the China yesterday
j for their home in Kioto, Japan.
• • *
Mr. and Mrs. Gay Lombard have re
turned from a tour through the south
ern part of the State, visiting the Pasa
dena flower show and Coronado.
They are at the St Francis, where a
1 week will be spent before they return
ito their home in Portland, Oregon.
• « «
The engagement is announced of
' Miss Alice Brigham and Lieutenant
Clarence L. Kempff of the United
States navy. Miss Brigham is the
daughter of Mrs. C. E. Brigham and
the late Dr. C. E. Brigham, a wen
known ajid revered man. Mrs. Brig
ham, with her daughters, has just re
turned from Boston, where they have
spent nearly two years, and now this
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
Shotting a matron's cape of dark gray cloaking, trimmed with
bands of panne in the same color, stitched with white. The
cape may be lined zvith any pretty contrasting color of silk.
crans was born in Kingston, Ohio, in
1819. He was an American general,
who graduated at West Point in 1842.
Previous to the war of the rebellion
he was a professor at the academy, an
engineer and financier. Being appoint
ed colonel of Ohio volunteers in 1861,
he served In West Virginia, and won
the battle of Rich Mountain, July 18*1.
He next succeeded McClellan in the
Department of the Ohio, and gained
the victory of Carnifex Ferry in Sep
tember. He was appointed comman
der of the army of the Mississippi,
and conquered at luka. September,
1862; at Corinth, in October, and suc
ceeded BucH as commander of the
Army of the Cumberland. He fought
the great battle of Murfreesboro,
showed skillful strategy in the next
SALLY SHARP
pleasant piece of news concerning
Miss Alice rounds out the welcoms of
her home-coming. Lieutenant Kempff
is a son of Rear Admiral Kempff. re
tired. No date is set for the marriage,
a. • •
Mrs. N. I* Nokes has left for Fort
Wyoming, where she will be the guest
of her son-in-law and daughter, Lieu
tenant and Mrs. John Burke.
• • •
Monday night presented an unusu
ally brilliant array of entertainers and
guests in the Hotel St. Francis.
Among the many supper parties were
noticed the following hosts and host
esses: Mrs. Eleanor Martin. Mr. and
Mrs. Walter H. Martin, Mr. and Mrs.
R P. Schwerin, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel
Buckbee. Mr. and Mrs. William Cluff.
Miss California Cluff. Mr. and Mrs. H.
C. Murphy. Mrs. Henry Spencer. John
Brenner, Mr. and Mrs. Leon Green
be urn.
• • •
The Ohio's officers, who gallantly
entertain, are planning for a feast
of merriment very soon on board
whip. Hhe will sail from this port to
U.i 'dulo in a short time and previous
to h*r departure there will be a
dance. This is welcome news, for this
ship is a particular favorite among
the society set and the absence of its
attaches will leave a void.
• • •
Mrs. William Tevls was entertained
at luncheon yesterday in the St. Fran
cis by Mrs. Joseph Sadoc Tobin.
Among others present were Mrs. J.
Downey Harvey and Mrs. Walter H.
Martin.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. S. L. Abbot leave this
morning for a two months' trip
through the Eastern States. In Bos
ton Mr. Abbot will handle matters
relating to his father's estate.
• * •
Mrs. William Tevls will soon leave,
town for Coronado to spend an in
definite time.
• • •
Mrs. William Romalns entertained
recently at a luncheon in the palm
garden of the Palace.
• • •
Miss Florence Bailey waa a guest
of Mrs. Stirling Postley yesterday at
luncheon in the St. Francia
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. John Rapp Sr„ with
their daughter. Miss Bells Rapp, will
leave next week for a long trip abroad.
A farewell reception, to which a hun
dred guests have been bidden, will be
given on Saturday evening by Mrs.
John G. Rapp at her home, 1461 Page
street.
• • •
A luncheon for six waa given by
Mrs. Horace Pillsbury yesterday at
the St Francis. Miss Anita Harvey
and Miss Charlotte Wilson were
among the guests.
Sea
Mme. Fanny Musslni, who gave an
Interesting lecture Just before the hol
idays, will speak again this afternoon
at S o'clock at the home of Dr. and
Mrs. de Vecchi on Jackson street.
months but was defeated at Chlcka
mauga. After this Roaecrans was
suspended, sent to the West and put
on waiting orders. He resigned In
1867. He was Minister to Mexico,
1868-69, Democratic VCongressman from
California, 1881-85, and Register of the
United States Treasury from 1885 to
1893.
Townsend's California Olace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 716 Market st*
Store Wanted.
We must move Feb. L Townsend's
California Olace Fruits. 715 Market st •
Spefrtal information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). SO Cali
fornia street Telephone Main Ittt. •HOMED S. KING
IS PRESIDENT
Bank of California Directors
Name Him to Succeed,
• the Late William Alvord
CHOICE IS UNANIMOUS
New Chief of Institution
Leaves Wells, Fargo & Co.
to Assume His New Duties
• o : The directors of the Bank of Califor
nia met yesterday afternoon at the
■ hank and unanimously elected Homer
; s. King president of the institution to
. succeed the late William Alvord. The
directors were in session some time.
When the meeting adjourned it was
announced that Mr. King was elected.
■ The new president has been well
known in financial and commercial clr
rles in San Francisco for many years.
.' He -is at present the president of Wells,
■• Fargo & Co.'s Bank. Mr. King's con
nection with Wells. Fargo & Co. dates
back many years. He has been instru
'. mental in conducting several large
financial transactions for the oorpora
' Hon. He was cashier for the company
at Virginia City during the boom
<fays. Prior to becoming the president
of- the company's bank, which position
be held about two years, he was man
ager for that institution four years. He
resigns with the Wells-Fargo Bank to
•• assume the presidency of the Bank of
• California.
•. It is supposed that the official force
of the Bank of California will not be
\ changed. Charles R. Bishop is the first
,' vice president. F. B. Anderson is a 1
; vice president and manager and has
- conducted the executive part of the in
stitution since the death of William
'.'Alvord. I. F. Moulton is the cashier.
■ .The board of directors includes, in ad
dition to those named in the foregoing,
. J. M. Allen. William Babcock, Antoine ,
•Borel, W. D. Clark, G. E. Goodman, ;
•' Edward W. Hopkins, J. F. Merrill and
. Jacob Stern.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS.
Round Trip Tickets Sold Fridays and j
;• Saturdays.
.Friday to Sunday and Saturday to Monday j
tickets to Byron Hot Springs will be sold by '
•'. Southern Pacific agents on Fridays and Sat
.• urdays (or $7.50. This includes railway fare
hoth wr.ys, carriage drive from Byrcn station,
■' two days' board and lodging- at Byron Hot
Springs Hotel and free use of the wonderful
,-mineral waters. Ask Southern Pacific agents.•
Taylor Dies From Injuries.
• William Taylor, the young man who
■. was run over by a freight train on !
Monday night at Bartlett and Twenty- j
fifth streets, died in the City and '
• County Hospital yesterday. Taylor
. formerly* resided at 2943 Sixteenth j
street. The body waa turned over to i
, tbe Coroner.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
These are excellent KAYS
BAGS and are worth much
more than price quoted. -flMt
we desire their room morajßh p
their company, because we.Vlpt
< r money back on them B»d
because we have other goods
roming to take their places.
Come in to-day and take your
choice In Tan. Black. Brown
and Gray. Cut to only
CONXUH'S SELF-FrLLING
PEW is suitable for both men
and women. Always ready,
convenient and clean.
Out-of-town orders promptly
filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 MARKET ST., Opp. Fifth.
SAN FRANCISCO.
A. P. HOT AX. lIS & ft CO.,
.. • 430-437 Jackson Street. U. T.
Vnfarfi DON'T FAIL TO
IttUIWG gee beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/Hill room, the EMPIRE
auu parlor, the
r J PALM ROOM, the
(irdnd LOUIS XV PAR-
U i i„ DIES' WRITING
.1 1 —
C ways.Remember tho BflJlgg
axative Rronao Qamme
: Caroa * Cold mOne Day. Grrpln 2 Days
MAUVAIS. MUSIC CO.
633 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASON-
Special prices on Guitars for 10 fays*
|ASTHMANOLA|
Zs the only cure for BTervous sad
_ _ Bronchial ASTHMA.
. Tow Druggist or at 598 HAIGHT ST.,
San Francisco, Cal.
MISS JESSIE BURNS WILL WED
WELL-KNOWN JOURNALIST
QUIET RECEPTION TO FOLLOW
MISS JESSIE BURNS. WHO WILL, BECOME THE BRIDES OF HORATIO F.
STOLL. MANAGER OF THE ARGONAUT. TO-MORROW EVENING. REV.
PR. JOHN HEMPHILL WILL. TIE THE NUPTIAL KNOT.
The wedding of Miss Jessie Burns
and Horatio F. Stoll will take place
to-morrow evening at 8:30 o'clock in
Calvary Presbyterian Church. Rev. Dr.
Hemphill officiating. The bride is
the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Robert
Burns, and the groom is well known
as the manager of the Argonaut, with
which publication he has been asso
ciated for twelve years.
In the bridal party will be Miss
Florence Rochat, maid of honor; Miss
Ellen Page, Miss Florence Boyd, Miss
Emily Rochat, Miss Marthe Chevret,
Miss Alice Brady, Miss Elizabeth Duf
ficy, bridesmaids. Dr. Robert Burns
will serve the groom as best man, with
WANTS TO AID
THE PLANTERS
Washington Official Says
University Needs Improved
College of Agriculture
A semi-official letter bearing upon
the establishing of an agricultural col
lege at the University of California waa
received several days ago by Judge P.
J. Shields of Sacramento, and forward
ed by him to this city. It was yester
day read at a meeting of the State
Board of Regents.
The letter came from Dr. A. C. True,
director of the Office of Experiment
Stations, Department of Agriculture,
Washington, D. O, and was ah embodi
ment of his views on the establishment
of an agricultural college, the necessary
preparations to insure the endowment
of same by the Government, and the
practical good that would result to
California from such a step.
Dr. True told of the interest the de
partment -vas taking in agricultural
education at the California University
and outlined the Intentions of the Gov
ernment toward procuring a farm for
the College of Agriculture. This farm,
he maintained, should be in prox
imity to Berkeley, so as to avoid mak
ing it a separate institution. The course
should be broad-gauged and include
special studies in all branches of
farming.
In the meantime, Dr. True adds, Cal
ifornia must strengthen her agricultur
al work so as to be in a position to
conduct good college courses and turn
out the best class of students. The pres
ent agricultural building, he adds, is
wholly unsatisfactory. It lacks lecture
rooms, laboratories and equipment for
instruction. Some of the most impor
tant departments art quartered in the
attics, and some in the stables.
Dr. True then goes on to compare
the present agricultural quarters with
those of other branches and says that
poor accommodations keep students out
of the classes.
President Wheeler of the university
is in receipt of a letter from Professor
Campbell of the Lick Observatory, stat
ing that he had received $3000 from the
Carnegie Institute of Washington, to
be expended during the next two years
in measuring and reducing the Cross
ley reflector photograph plates of the
minor planet, Eros. The plates are of
the highest value in aiding to deter
mine the distance between the earth
and the sun. After the transaction of
routine business the meeting adjourned.
ZIMMERMAN ASKS FOR WRIT.—A JN*>
tioa tor a writ of habeas corpus in behalf of
Fred Zimmerman waa filed with the Supreme
Court yesterday and a hearing of arguments
waa appointed for this morning. The prisoner
was arrested by the polios recently os bus*
plcion of being a crook.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1905.
Dr. Frederick Fritschi. Dr. Paul
Burns. Ernest Rochat, James Firth,
John Beatty. ushers.
The bride—a beautiful maid of
charming personality—will be gowned
in an exquisite lace robe over chiffon
and silk, with bouquet of lilies of the
valley. The maid of honor will wear
white panne chiffon velvet, and the
bridesmaids' gowns are of white mes
saline silk. All will carry St. Joseph
lilies.
The decorations in the church will
be of the same exquisite flower. The
bride will be given Into the keeping of
the groom by her father.
A reception for relatives and the
bridal party will be held In the Cali
fornia Hotel.
4»
BIG BUSINESS
DEAL EFFECTED
Family Difficulties Cause De
la Montanya & Co. to
Part With Their Concern
The domestic difficulties of the De la
Montanyas have culminated in the re
tirement from business of their great
hardware concern. The doors of their
establishment at 214 Jackson street
were closed to the trade forever j*ea
terday noon. The property has been
purchased by the Pacific Hardware
and Steel Company for a sura approxi
mating half a million dollars. The big
deal was effected yesterday morning
after five days of preliminary negotia
tions. The -formal transfer of the stock
will take place at an early date and
all visible assets will be removed to
the gigantic new plant of the purchas
ing concern at Seventh and Townsend
streets.
Last Friday a representative of J. de
la Montanya A Co. visited H. J. Mor
ton of the Pacific Hardware and Steel
Company and offered to sell the Jack
son street establishment at any reason
able price.
The directors of the larger concern
took the matter under consideration,
looked over the property of the Mon
tanya firm, and then offered a ball
million dollars for the business, con
tingent upon the amount of stock is
hand. The offer was immediately ac
cepted, for the Montanyas earnestly
desire to retire from the local hardware
field.
The Jackson street concern has bees
in business for more than a quarter ol
a century. It was reckoned one of Ban
Francisco's strongest wholesale houses.
The Montanya family harmony has
been frequently shocked of late, how
ever, and the members of company de
cided that it would be for the interesti
of all the stockholders to give up the
battle in the business world. Morton
of the Pacific Hardware and Steel
Company says the Montanyas bad a
splendid business, much better than
he had supposed, in fact. Their trade
in stoves he said furnished a particu
larly agreeable surprise.
Sneak Thieves at Work.
N. Abe, proprietor of a Japanese
store at 686 Sutter street, reported to
the police yesterday that during th«
night a showcase in front of his store
bad been broken/open and silk ki
monas, a pair or white satin corset;
and other articles of the value of $84
stolen. 1m Well, proprietor of a cigar,
stand at 810 Montgomery street, re
ported that a Jar containing chewing
gum had been stolen from bis counter
on Monday night.
WILL SUPPORT
YOSEMITE BILL
oard of Trade Passes Reso
lutions Indorsing Federal
Ownership of the Park
STATESMEN TO LEND AID
Belshaw and Estudillo Are
Ready to Present Measure
in Senate and Assembly
The members of the State Board of
Trade held a session yesterday after
noon and quickly disposed of the Yo
semite Valley bill among other things.
When the report of the committee ap
pointed to investigate the matter was
read a motion was* made for its adop
tion and it was carried unanimously.
This means that the board will do all
in its power to turn the Yosemite Val
ley over to the Federal Government
and divorce it entirely from State in
fluence.
Some time ago a committee com
posed of William H. Mills, C. M.
Wooster, S. F. Booth and Arthur P.
Briggs was appointed by the board to
make a report on the proposed bill.
The quartet worked earnestly on the
subject and received the support of
several prominent organizations in va
rious parts of the State, including the
Sierra Club, which has taken an active
interest in the flght for a long time.
The committee reported that Sen
ator C. M. Belshaw and Assemblyman
Miguel Estudillo of Riverside had vol
unteered to make a vigorous cam
paign In'both houses for the passage
of the bill. These two statesmen
some time ago came to the rescue of
the Sierra Club and promised to aid
that body to have the bill put
through.
Comments on the measure were
made by Chairman Briggs, Colonel
Irish, William H. Mills and C. M.
Wooster. They all agreed that the
fight for the passage of the bill will
be a bitter one and that the opposing
faction is leaving nothing undone to
retain the property for the State.
A copy of the report by the com
mittee, together with a copy of the
bill and other data pertaining to the
Yosemite, was read and approved and
Secretary Briggs was ordered to have
a copy sent to the Legislature and
Senate at once. It is expected that the
bill will come up for a hearing in a
short time and the board ts sanguine
of success in winning its.flght.
A. W. Van der Naillen sent a com
munication to the board informing it
of the proposed exhibition to be held
at Leeds, Belgium, and requesting
that the body make an effort to rep
resent California products there. Af
ter a lengthy discussion it was agreed
to support the measure provided the
fruit growers raise sufficient funds to
carry the matter through.
A telegram from Senator Perkins,
telling of his work In aid of the Oak
land harbor, was read. Perkins is at
present trying to pass a bill providing
for an appropriation to better the har
bor across the bay. The Water and
Forest Association requested the
board to lend its aid in securing an
appropriation for certain surveys. The
board refused to act in this matter.
Manitoba Tourists.
A carload of 30 tourists arrived in the
city yesterday direct from Winnipeg.
Manitoba, via the Northern Pacific and
Southern Pacific, en route to Southern
California for the Winter.
Yesterday was spent in sight-seeing
around San Francisco and the party left
for the South last evening.
They are to be followed by a second
party which the Northern Pacific Com
pany has scheduled to reach here the
28th inst.
TRIAL OF TAYLOR WILL
CONTEST IS UNDER WAY
Half-Sister, Who Was Not Remem
bered, Seeks to Set Aside
Old Man's Testament.
A beginning was made in Judge
Troutt's court yesterday in the trial
of the contest of the will of the late
James D. Taylor, but because the lead
ing witness was without her glasses
and could not identify certain docu
ments an adjournment was taken until
this morning. The witness was Mrs.
Ella H. Tajbott, in whose house Taylor
died and who witnessed the will. She
is charged by Taylor's half-sister, Llz
sie Taylor Mcßride, with having un
duly influenced the old man in the
making of his last testament, which
was drawn three days before hft died
in April of last year. The contestant
alleges that Taylor was suffering from
Injuries received in an accident and
was not of sound mind. Mrs. Talbott,
sh<» declares, asked him to make a will
and herself had it prepared, getting
the names of his relatives by examin
ing letters he had received from them.
In this process the sister was omit
ted and the $20,000 estate was left in
equal shares to a brother, nephew and
n'ece in Wisconsin and a niece, Bee
Taylor, In Washington, D. C, with
$[.00 added in a codicil for a nephew
in Missouri.
Bee Taylor achieved some notoristy
some time ago by losing a Government
position at Washington because she
criticised the President's Filipino
policy.
ff Announcement. 1|
JjlijJ ( fi/o haoe /uei added to our m
J list of high-grade and popular
I ZPianos the j
i JCnabe 1
:'| 1 Jfnd are soio agents for /his j
great instrument, covering the j
| entire SPaci/ie Coast, \
|; ! J Company in
j! ( IT/Afy A Building) I •
| | 931-$33 ftfarket Street Jill
\uv\ sa* Francisco, Cal. ufjk
Oakland, Sacramento, Sua Jose and Ban Diego, /ff///
NEWHALL AGAIN
IN THE CHAIR
President and Officers of
the Chamber of Commerce
Named at Annual Election
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED
Building of New Tug for Use I
of Revenue Service at;
This Harbor Js Advocated.
The annual election of the San Fran- !
clsco Chamber of Commerce took place
yesterday afternoon. George A. New
hall was re-elected president, C. H.
JBentley and William H. Marston were
elected vice presidents and W. J. Dut
ton, William L. Oerstle, George D.
Gray, Kufus P. Jennings, Charles 8.
Laumeister, William Matson, H. B. |
Morton, Thomas Rickard, James Rolph
Jr., James B. Smith and William R,
Wheeler were elected trustees. The new
members of the board of trustees are
Messrs. Gray, Laumeister. Morton and
Matson.
The new board of trustees will not ;
begin their duties until after the next
annual meeting of the chamber, which
will take place next Tuesday. The old
board of trustees after the election of
yesterday, which was unanimous,
transacted some business. s
Fred Holmes & Co. was" elected to
membership.
A bill favored by the California Wa
ter and Forest Association to ap
propriate $76,0tu) for the Joint work of
the United States and the State of Cal
ifornia in the lines of utilizing water ;
resources and forest preservation was
l&dnvsed. A resolution was adopted
advocating the building of a new tug
for the use of the revenue service at
9m Francisco. Action was taken in J
accordance with a request from Phoe- |
nix and Maricopa County, Arizona, to ,
protest against the Joining of New ;
Mexico and Ailtona as one State. A 1
resolution from the pioneer women of i
California favoring a legislative appro
priation for placing two statues of
eminent Californians in the National
Capitol at Washington was adopted.
A resolution was also favored re
questing that all supplies for the Pan
ama canal shall be carried in ships
flying the American flag. The alumni
nurses asked for indorsement of their
move for a charter amendment to pro
vide that the management of the hos
pitals conducted by the city and county
of San Francisco shall be non-partisan.
The trustees took favorable action.
MOTHER'S COUSIN WANTS
TO GUARD BABY SMITH
Third Application for Custody of In
fant Heir Filed in Court by
Robert Peterson.
A third applicant for the guardtan
ship of two-year-old Randolph Wil
son Smith, son of the late Butler
Smith, appeared yesterday in Robert
Peterson, who says that he is a cousin
of the child's deceased mother, Ella
Roberta Smith. Peterson also asks
for the guardianship of the boy's sis- j
ter, Roberta. The second Mrs. Smith
left a fortune of $100,000 in trust for j
her children, in which the father had
a life interest. The third wife, Emily |
May Smith, who married the real es- j
tate dealer a month before his death,
now has the children and has applied
for their legal custody. Another ap- j
plication for guardianship of the boy
was made by Mrs. M. Findlay, his
nurse.
Peterson, in his petition, sets forth
the situation regarding the fortune
and says that the stepmother's inter
ests are in conflict with those of the
children and therefore she is not the
proper person to be their guardian.
He says that he and his brother and
sister are their only blood relatives.
The sister, Mrs. Elizabeth Willis, lives
at Napa.
The applications of Mrs. Smith and
Mrs. Findlay were to have been heard
yesterday, but were continued until
Friday.
Commercial Calendar*—Cloelna; out cheep. |
Gabriel Printtrur Co.. 419 Sacramento »t.,6.F.» j
Crusade for Pure Milk.
As the result of the crusade now j
being waged for pure milk by Health
Officer Ragan warrants were ordered
sworn out yesterday by Deputy Louis
Levy for the arrest of the following
restaurant keepers for having alleged
bad milk: J. Cononi, 29 Ninth street;
Landers A Rttter, 1200 Howard street;
H. H. HJul, 427 Montgomery street;
H. H. Young, 726 Market street; J.
Hlns, 71S McAllister street; W. H.
Blunden, 1066 Market stres*; W.
Hunt, is Seventh street; C. W, Baker,
38 Seventh street; Mrs. B. McCarthy,
607 Fourth street.
p, r. GLEABON SUFFOCATED.—P. F.
Gleason, a retired saloon-keeper, 63 years old,
residing St 1907 Oak street, was suffocated
by illuminating gas last Monday night. His
daughter, Mrs. T. Brunswick, found him dead
in bed yesterday morning, with gas issuing
from a partly open burner. His family be
lieve that his death was caused by an acci
dent, as there were no evidence of suicide.
CITT GETS PERCENTAGE. —Tho Sanitary
Reduction Works yesterday sent a check to
the Board of Supervisors (or $1176 76, being 2
per cent of the gross receipts for the burning
of garbage during the year 1904.
There ■tiff Be "Somefft/ng Doing"
af Pragers
To-Day
Don't Miss It.
Matted Pictures c .. n Caf * ,
cum Floor) sP"'a'5 P"' a ' tortfejf Daily
These pictures are 17
x 27 inches in size; there Rolled Oats
is a great variety of sub- Mackerel —drawn butter
jects. They come in Steak
oval and square shapes Breakfast Bacon
with gray mats; a good 1 Egg, any st y ,e^
at I J Fried
r». intjirn* r
14fC F MARKET *<JQN£SS73 coffee
AMUSEMENTS.
_*f_l IliiDIA m nwxm
vULUIfIDIA LEADING T HL»._-
THIS WEEK. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE TO-DAY
AND AGAIN ON SATURDAY,
j FREDERICK KATHRTN
WARDE and KIDDER
!In Wagenhals A Kemper*« Stupendous Scenic
Production of
SALAMMBO
By Stanislaus Stange.
NEXT~WEEK
In "A COUNTRY KOUSE"
And a one-act play,
"CAPTAIN JANUARY"
SEAT SALE TO-MORROW.
ENTIRE NEW SHOW!
CRESSY and DAYNE
Presenting* "TOWM HALL TO-WICrKT":
Eleanor Falke; Miss Nlta Allan, sad
Company; The Pour Bards; Chasslno;
Kins an* Oottfcold; X. V. Fitzgerald;
Douglas and Ford, and Orpheum Mo
tion Pictures. Showing- "The X«ud of
I the Midnisrht Sua."
I Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c 25c
and 60c.
m||>!MJ w
GRAND gr
A Dl 7 "D A EVENING
U L ill li A JANUARY
' KLEVEN
IN ITALIAN.
RESERVED SEATS NOW SELLING.
PRICES—I 2, $1 80. $1, 50c.
REPERTOIRE —To-night, •'RIGOLETTO*';
j Thursday evening. "LA TOSCA"; Friday eren
i ing, -BARBER OF SEVILLE"; Saturday mat
; __«, "LA TOSCA"; Saturday evening. "RIG
i OLETTO"; Sunday evening. "CAVALLERIA
| RUSTICANA" and 'TP—fHuaACCL*'
Igrand 55
MATINEE TO-M RROW AT 2:33.
KATHERINE AND PETRUCHIO
AND MADAME BUTTERFLY.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
BLANCHE BATES
! In THE DARLING OF THE G DS
SAT. MAT, The DARLING of the GODS.
S y "«.T THE SILVER SLIPPER
■ LYRIC HALL, Will Green baum
I BURTON HOLMES
■ TRAVELOCUEB
1 XagaltMst CeUrtt V.«»i, Katies Fietnm
■ TO-NIGHT at B*ls.
■ "IN LONDON' 9
■ Thurs. A FrL. 8:15. "ROUND LONDON"
■ Bat. Mat. at i. "YOSEMITE VALLEY"
B Bat. Ev'ng at 8:15 and Monday, Jan. It,
■ "IRELAND."
I ssra ns now on sale
)_| At SHERMAN. CLAY A CO. '8.
lei!
New tgwJT Jocltej
California Club
OAKLAND TMAGX.
Racing every week day. rain or shine.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
§1000 Mandicap to Mm Mm Wsdmesday.
January 11. Adam iaArtw Sailing
Bn Saturday, January 14.
For special trains stopping at the track take
6. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 13:00,
12:80. 1:0». 1:80 or 2:00. Returning trains
leave tho track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and im
mediately after tho last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
afs_||_f_% Ammunition. Hunting and
Bill A| V" Sporting goods. Largest
■ sal 1111^sk atock Lowest prie**. Send
UUIIV CO.,
w w w 738 Market st. and 6-1
—s—ray st.
IA/. X. HESS.
Votary Public and Attoxney-at-baw.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckela bldg.
Telephone Mala MS.
Residence. 1802 McAllister st.
Residence Telephone Pags 5441.
AMUSEMENTB.
CENTRAL™
Market Street, Near Eighth... Phone South 539
MAI "IT IS TO -ATTGH!" HAI
Central Theater Stock Co.
EAI MINSTRELS: HA!
End Men: HERSCHEL
MAYALL, HENRY SHU
MAI MER. D. HALIFAX. MAI
JAMES CORRIGAN. E.
HOWELL BEN T. DlL
—_, LON. Interlocutor, GEO. «_t
P. WEBSTER.
Acts — Songs — Fpecial
__ , ties — Dancing!
MAI Prices—Eve,, 10c to 80s. "■»'
Mats.. 10c, 18c, 25c.
MAI "IT IB TO -APQMI" MAI
AT n I r|| f-a Belasco A Mayer.
ALCAZAR E pr r^e
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT—Mats. Sat. and Bun.
First Time in Stock—Joseph Arthur's Indiana
Comedy,
LOST RIVER
With the Bicycle Race, the Flight on Horse
back and Wonders of Realism.
Evgs., 25c to 75c. Mats. Sat. A Sun., 25c to 60a
NEXT. MON.—First San Francisco Production
of Clyde Fitch's Comedy,
THE GIRL AND THE JUDGE
JAN. 19—Ibsen Matinee—"GHOSTS"
S CALIFORNIA x
EDWARD ACKERMAN, MANAGER.
BLACK PATTI
TROUBADOURS
Friday Night—CHAMPIONSHIP
DANCING CONTEST.
Saturday Night—GREAT CAKE
WALK—Open to all comers.
NEXT SUNDAY
Return of the Famous and Original
JOSEPH MURPHY
The Veteran Legitimate Irish Comedian,
in His Great st Irish Flay,
THE KbKKY GOW ,
\—--II I 111 II
H. W. BISHOP, Lessee and Manager.
Now Presenting
25c—MATINEE TO-MORROW—26o
HOWARD GOULD—J. H. GILMOUR
And Majestic Players in
ELLA WHEELER WILCOX and LUSCOMBB
SEARELLES Great Poetical Drama.
M IZPAH
Or THE STORY OF ESTHER.
Ashton Stevens writes: "There is nv->r»
beautiful material than in 'Ben Hur." 'Mary
of Magdala' and all the other sacred dramas of
commerce put together."
Next—"ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME."
LYCEUM THEATER
7th md Market, Odd Fellows' Bldg.
3 Big Shows Daily
MATINEES 2:30 to 5.
EVENINGS 730 and 9 O Clock.
THE STAR TRIO. FOUR OLi FANS,
YALE DUO, SALLIE RANDALL,
CHARLES RICHARDS,
MONTGOMERY, WARD AND CANTOR.
NEW MOTION PICi UR-8.
Matinees 100. Children Be,
Evening's 10c and 20c.
A BBlsaAid Show Every Afternoon and
Evening* in the Heated Theater.
DON'T FAIL TO BEE
< THE JOHNS I OWN FLOOD
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE
RARE AND INTERESTING ANIMALS IN
THE ZOO.
Amateur Night and Electric Fountain
Thursday.
ADMISSION 100 1 CHILDREN So
When Fhonlag Ask for "The Chutes."
MISCEa-LANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
GADSKI
Farewell Concert, Alhambra Theater
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON it 2:30
POPULAR PRICES—7Sc $1, $150.
Box Seats, $2.
READY TO-MORROW
At Shartnan. Clay A Cb.'s, where complete
programmes may bo obtained. ■
Matt orders must be accompanied by
check or money order.
NEXT—DE PACHMANN.
Fischer's Theater
HIGH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE.
Commencing With MONDAY, Jmw>_•.
EVERY LADY Attending the MATINEE PER
FORMANCES Will Be Presented With
A BEAUTIFUL AND COSTLY SOT VEND*.
I BEATS, 100 and SOc; CHID REN kt-
910
WINNER TO BE DECLARED TO-DAY IN FIELD TRIALS
YOUNG DOGS DISPLAY RARE
FORM, SURPRISING OWNERS
ASSIIETON SMYTH
Special Dispatch to Tb< Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 10. —The Pa
cific Const Field Trials Derby is still
unfinished, but a winner will be de
clared to-morrow before noon. A
start will then be made In all-age
stakes. The young dogs showed great
form to-day and the veterans in at
tendance say they never saw so many
high class animals started in one
stake.. Ideal conditions prevail for
The development of good work, as
birds are plentiful and the weather is
.cool, with light winds.
The sportsmen here are enthusiastic
over the work shown by the setters
and pointers. Their ranks were
largely increased to-day. The morn-
Jug's trains brought men from bothi
the north and south. There is a fine
spirit of sportsmanship shown in the
field, no sign of jealousy nor of com
mercialism being in evidence. No
one seems to give a thought to the
prizes, while all join in praising any
clever work shown by a dog.
The first brace of dogs put down
in the morning were W. W. Van
Arsdale's black, white and tan Eng
lish setter Mariposa, handled by C. H.
Babcock, and J. E. Terry's black,
white and tan English setter Ken
wood, handled by Fred Coutts. They
proved a brace of fast, wide ranging,
merry working dogs, with Mariposa
slightly the better in all these
teristics.
MARIPOSA IN GOOD FORM.
After several wide casts had been
made Mariposa dropped to a point in
high weeds, where conditions seemed
unfavorable. In these weeds each dog
secured two points. Mariposa was at
once marked by the knowing ones
as sure to go in the second series. The
next brace down was Rose and
tensen's black, white and tan Eng
lish setter Del Rey Belle, handled by
Charles Coutts, and M. Lawrence's
lemon and white English setter
Youley, handled by S. M. Carlisle.
This brace was in good cover, where
there were plenty of birds, and they
scored' a number of points. Youley
was somewhat deficient In style.
After these came Fargo Rose's
orange and white setter Rival, handled
by W. B. Coutts, and W. B. Coutts*
liver and white pointer Bolins Duke,
handled by Charles Coutts. These had
a long run, which was not productive
of much point work. While both
at times showed fairly good speed and
made some clever casts, they were un
certain in their work.
J. B. Terry's lemon and white Eng
lish setter Ladylike, handled by W. B.
Coutts, and A. Cadigan's liver and
white pointer dog Chiquite, handled by
J. E. Lucas, were the next brace down,
and they gave the spectators a clever
exhibition of speed, wide casting and
clever point work, Ladylike scoring 6
points to the dog's 4. From the char
acter of the ground over which they
worked and the high class of both
dogs possibly no heat in the race. up
to this time was better appreciated by
the assembled sportsmen.
. Mountain View Kennels' liver and
white pointer Sandango, handled by J.
E. Lucas, was cast off to run his bye
on the same ground when the last
brace was taken up. Soon after he
was put In action, in attempting to go
through a wire fence, he injured his
fore leg, which lamed him so serious
ly as to destroy any chance he might
have had for the stake.
COMPETITION IS CLOSE.
The officials and spectators f*hen
moved to a new field, about a mile dis
tant, where Judge Betten announced
that the following dogs would take
part in the second series: Nellie P
with Sir Roderick, Ladylike with Mari
posa, Del Rey Belle with Eurbank
and Chirjuite with Japan. The first
brace of the second series was Nellie
P and Sir Roderick. Both dogs went
away at a clipping gait, Sir Roderick
making one cast into the timber which
kept him out of sight so long as would
ADVJERTISEMENTS.
■ Author of "Hand's System of Handicapping
and Turf Speculator's Guide.")
BOOMS 1-2-3-4, 850 MARKET ST..
San Francisco.
Our figures are based strictly on the class
and form of horses and Jockeys as shown tn
ACTUAL rac«s —not "Inside information" or
* "workouts"—the result being thst we obtain
an average of OVER 40 PER CENT OF THE
WINNERS CONTINUOUSLY.
Call and Investigate us and our methods of
doing business.
' Terms «3.00 Daily, $16.00 Weekly or
850.00 Monthly.
• . REFERENCES—ANY reputable racing man
ia America.
Ladylike Proves to Be
One of the Star
Performers.
IMPORTED ANIMAL. LOOKED
UPON AS A CANDIDATE FOR
FIELD TRIAL HONORS.
EXPERT PICKS
ALL-STAR TEAM
Seven Stanford Men, Three
Berkeleyites and One Ne
vada Kicker on the 801 l
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 10.
In the December number of the Stan
ford Alumnus Archie Rice, Stanford
'93, who has been a close follower of
Western football for the last ten years,
has picked an "All-Pacific Coast elev
en." Stanford is given seven places on
the team, California three, and Nevada
one.
The personnel of the all-star aggre
gation is as follows: Left end, Clark
(170), Stanford; left tackle, Sprott (178),
Stanford; left guard, Thompson (190),
Stanford; center, Stroud (195), Califor
nia; right guard, Roosevelt (190), Stan
ford; left tackle, Heitmuller (185), Cali
fornia; left end, Snediger (173), Califor
nia; quarterback, Stott (150), Stanford;
left half, Chalmers (175), Stanford;
right half, Weiler (195), Stanford; full
back, Freisell (175), Nevada.
The only surprises on the team is the
placing of Snedigar at end and Freisell
at fullback. Rice says the latter has
no peer at the position, placing him
ahead cf Weller of Stanford, who is
shifted to halfback.
Rice praises the w r ork of this year's
Stanford eleven, declaring it the best
team the Cardinal has yet turned out.
MRS. CLARK IS WINNER
OF DRIVING CONTEST
Mrs. Leroy Nickel Captures Prize in
Approach-Putting Competition
on Presidio Links.
The ladies of the San Francisco Golf
and Country Club held competitions in
driving and approach-putting on the
Presidio course yesterday morning.
Each competitor drove Aye balls, the
aggregate distances driven being as
follows: Mrs. J. R. Clark, 551 yards;
Mrs. Chesebrough, 448 yards; Mrs. R.
D. Girvin, 412 yards; Mrs. W. G. Mil
ler, 290 yards; Miss Ives, 197 yards;
Miss Guittard, no returns; Miss Car
roll, no returns.
In the approach-putting conf est each
lady holed out six balls, three from
a distance of Afty yards and three
from a distance of seventy-Aye yards,
over a net. Mrs. Leroy Nickel's score
was 18, Mrs. W. G. Miller's 19, Miss
Guittard's 20, Mrs. R. D. Girvin's 20,
Miss Ives* 21, Miss Chesebrough's 22,
Miss Carroll's 22 and Mrs. J. R.
Clark's 24.
have appeared a bolt had he not on
the previous day made several casts
of the same character to his handler.
A number of points were secured In
the latter part of the-heat, a majority
of which were to Sir Roderick's credit.
The work of both dogs was good, but
the heat resulted in the latter's favor.
The next and last brace of the day
was Mariposa and Ladylike. This
proved another great exhibition of
fast, wide ranting and classy work on
the part of both dogs. While Lady-
I like had given an excellent exhibition
jof point work in her preceding trial,
| Mariposa outclassed her in that respect
lin this trial. Some of the casts made
•by this brace and the bird sense
I shown in covering their ground are
I rarely surpassed, even by aged dogs.
The draw for the all-age stake held
to-night resulted as follows:
W. Van Arsoale'd Keepsake with J. E
Terry's Ktlgartf; Stoekdale Kennels' Midget
with W. W. Van Arsdale's Jay M: W. W. Van
Arsdale's Count's Mark with Chrlstensen's
Rose's Bellfontalne; Charles Shaw's Oak Knoll
with W. W. Van Arsdale's Harry H; Stock
dale Kennels' Cuba Jr. with W. W. Van Ars
dale's McCloud Boy: H. H. Keller's Sombra
with J. W. Considlne's Policy Girl: William
I. Morris' Faith with Stoekdale Kennels' Glen
wood; J. H. Schumacher's Valita with W. W
Van Arsdale's Avalan; J. B, Peebles' Unci*
| Jim a by*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY It, 1905.
TRAVERS PILOTS VENATOR
THROUGH IN THE HANDICAP
Martinmas, Favorite
in Betting, Takes
the; Place. .
Public Choices All
Meet Defeat at
Oakland.
BY FRED E. MUEHOLLAND.
A heavy fog the night before and
the peek-a-boo tactics of the sun found
the track at Oakland yesterday still in
a very muddy condition.
It .'aught the form students up in the
air, and as six favorites failed to toe
thf scratch it can easily be surmised
that the bookmakers carried off the
swap. Prickles, Melar. Barney Drey
fuss and Stilicho furnished the sur
prises. Fine weather attracted a large
crowd.
While Venator, with 112 pounds,
]"<>kpd to have a royal chance of cap
turing the six and a half furlong handi
cap, the bookies insisted on installing
Martinmas a pronounced favorite. The
Henshall entry was also asked to jug
gle 112 pounds, which he failed to do.
Travers soon had Venator in front af
ter the start and Dr. Rowell's sprinter
won easily, without ever being headed
or extended. The favorite experienced
no difficulty in subduing the feather
weight. Sea Voyage, securing place
honors.
OUTSIDER ROMPS IX FIRST.
Walter Jennings" filly, Princess
W'heeier, does not find the path lead
ing from the maiden class strewn with
roses. Ridden by Jakie Jones, she had
a decided call in the betting on the
opening event, and finished second.
Prickles, an S to 1 chance, with Bonner
up, made a runaway race of it, winning
without effort.* Macene, one of the
Ezell entries, ran a close third. ,
There looked to be only one chance
of downing Del Carina, the 7 to 10 favor
ite for the sprint following, and that
was to have the filly left at the pOst.
Sam Greenfield did not get her left,
but he rode a race that would do credit
to a bronco buster, and was defeated
by Melar, a 9 to 1 chance, piloted by-
Tommy Clark. Fay Templeton was
third. Entre Nous, the second choice,
ran out in front to the stretch, then
faded away.
BERENDOS BADLY BEATEN.
Some few of the layers chalked up
5 to 1 against Lady Kent when betting
began on the six-furlong selling run.
but not many pasteboards were passed
out at that quotation. At that, the
mare closed an 18 to 5 second choice
and, ridden by Greenfield, won in hol
low fashion from Dr. Sherman. Albe
marle secured the show. Helgesen got
away poorly with Berendos.Mhe favor
ite, and was never a contender.
"Pacing Dick" De Neffe, who Is aa
liable to turn up in Indian Territory
as he is at a White House dinner, finally
put one over. His Dorian gelding, Bar
ney Dreyfuss, dropped from the clouds
in the mile selling Axture.leading Major
Tenny over the line nearly a length.
Isabellita, the 11 to 5 choice, ran a fair
third. The winner went to the post at
odds of 6 to L
Brinkworth & Co.'s Little Wally
bumped up against it again in the clos
ing mile and three-sixteenth selling
event. Byronerdale, the 17 to 10 favor
ite, ran an exceedingly poor race, but
Stllicho, a 6 to 1 chance, displayed ex
ceptional speed, beating Little Wally
very cleverly by nearly a length. Modi
cum, a well touted and played starter,
finished third.
TRACK NOTES.
The card at Oakland this afternoon
is far above the average. Sir Wilfred
and Daruma meet again in the two
ytar-old event, and in the last race of
the day Sad Sam, The Lady Rohesia,
W. R. Condon and other fast ones
come together.
Sam Greenfield piloted two winners.
Both Tommy Clark and O. Chandler
are riding well. Chandler has improved
greatly over his Portland and Seattle
form.
George Berry, superintendent of
Napa Stock Farm, was a visitor at the
track yesterday. George is carrying a
handsome gold split second chronome
ter presented to him by A. B. Spreckels,
proprietor of the big Napa breeding es
tablishment, as a memento of the win
of Daruma, first of the get of Imp.
Solitaire to sport the colors.
Elrodun, the property of Lagoria &
Forbes, was sold In the paddock before
the first race to A. Libenthal for $850.
At a meeting held yesterday by the
directors of the California Jockey Club,
the incumbent officials were re-elected
for the ensuing year.
The stewards of the Pacific Jockey
Club, the governing turf body of the
coast, also met yesterday. The dates
recently claimed by the Seattle and
Portland associations were ratified, as
were the licenses issued by the Los
Angeles Jockey Club. Harry Stover,
owner of Kenilworth Park, Petaluma,
asked for 28 days, but was given only
12, to follow after the close of Oak
land on May 6.
The Knapp case was also taken up by
the stewards, but no decision rendered.
A copy of the contract purported to be
held on the services of "Big Bill"
Knapp by Puerl Wilkerson was shown.
The original contract it was claimed
by Wilkerson is now on the way here
by mail from New York, and until it is
produced nothing further will be done
In the matter.
It is said Green Morris, who is racing
a strlns of horses at Ascot Park, re
cently refused an offer of $10,000 for
Gold Rose, the crack three-year-old Al
ly.
To date races have been divided
among the winning horses at Oakland
as follows: %
Winner of 1 race 98
Winners of 2 races 49
Winners of 3 races 24
Winners of 4 races 3
Winners of 5 races 3
Winners of 6 races 1
Sad Sam, Pelham and Honiton have
each captured Aye events. Bell Reed
holds the record with six to his credit:*
Hot Springs Results.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., Jan. 10.—Essex re
sults :
First race, three furlongs—Mountain Girl I
won, Favorlta second, Gussle T third. Time
:39%. ,
Second race, six furlongs—Roommate won.
Nuptial second. False Entry third. Time ',
1:19%.
Third race, five and a half furlongs—Benton
won. Maggie Lee second. Nepenthe third. Time
1:13.
Fourth race, six furlongs—Mimon won, Corn
wall second. King Raine third. Time, 1:18%.
Fifth race, one and three-sixteenth miles—
Ethlc3 won. Littls Elkln second, Swlftwlng
third. Time, 2:08.
Sixth race, six furlongs—Locket won, Ala
barch second, Moorhen third. Time, 1:20%.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND—Tuesday, Jan. 10. Weather fine. Track muddy. _*
FIRST RACE—Six furlongs; purse; maiden three-year-old flUles; value to
Index| Horss and Owner. jWtjSt. '.<,. %• Str. Fin.
7682 'Prickles (H. E. Maglll) !108l 1 ... 13 1 2V41 3 12
7647 i Princess Wheeler (W.B.Jenngs)>l08j 4 ... 2 2 2 2 2 1%
7»;71 Macene (L. H. Ezell) |t08| 6 ... 3 n 3 1'43 3
76-17 I.urrece tW. Macdonough) .108 2 ... 4 1 4 3 4 4 Jj
7(ilK Morlta (Napa Stock Farm)..|l00| 9 ... 62
768.'l Pearl Waters (O. F. Waters).. [108; S ... 6 4 6 n 7 8 64
7«78 Ntaa (L» H. Ezell) !l08 7 ... 7 3 71 J >i ' H
7tr«7 [Elba iP. Sheridan) 10V)! 8 ... 6 h 8 1 8 4 8 4
767!) iJuha South (1> La Montnya)jl081 8 ... 9 y 9 4 96 96
-7647 Lady Redhead (W. Herson). . ■;lOSjlO ... 10 10 10 10
Horse and Owner.
%. Str. Fin.
nner ....
Jones
iderson ..
6
8-5
7
6
4
15
•
10
60
50
8
8- 6
7
7
9- 2
16
20
200
200
(Bullman ..
(Mc Bride ...
Barrett ...
IHelgesen ..
Bell
[Wright
i Time— :25. :494. 1:1". At post 1 minute. Off at 2:11. Prickles, place, 3; show, 7-5.
I Wheeler, place. 4-5- show. 2-5. Macene, show. 1. Winner, eh f. by Knight of ths
j Thistle-Medallion. 'Trained by W. Short. Scratched—Pousse Cafe. Stsrt good. Won
easily. Balance driving hard. Sloppy going suited the winner. Princess Wheeler no
[ exewse. Ivuorece can do hett?r on a dry track. Morita away poorly and no chance.
| Others off color. *CouplP'i with Macene.
770_. SECOND RACE—Five and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; to first, $326.
Index
Horse and Owner.
%. Str. Fin.
| Jockey.
(7fl«3),Melar tO. Strobe!) 1101 j 3 ... " % 3 2V41 n 1 Vt fT. Clark...
7671 Del Carina (R. A. Smith) 104 6 ... 6 n 6 6 5 l'«2 2^Greenfield
76041 Fay Templeton (G. Dodge). .. IH)5 2 ... 2 n 2 1 8 4 S n ;.J. Jones
7671 San Jose (G. W. Wilson) 106! 4 ... 4*4 61 4 >j 4 2 [Bonner
I 763« rCntre Nous (J. i Nealon) i 103| I ... 12 12 2 1V>6 6 W. Davis..
| 7»H7 Saroharatp (Napa Stoi-k Farm)| »6 5 ... 6 6 4 n 6 3 6 S [G. Bullman
i 7H68 'Royal Sweepstakes .Mrs.MillDi 8 ... 7 h 7 5 7 10 7 10 IWIIey
7647 iSmllax (J 3, Moran) i 96; 7 ... ft 8 8 8 |Moran
T. Clark.
6 9
4-5 7-10
8 »
50 75
3 0-2
8 25
50 100
100 200
1 Time- .-24%. :51 Vi. 1:10. At post 1'« minutes. Oft* at 2:37»4. Melar. place, 2: show, 7-10.
' carina, place. l-. - i; out show. Fay. show. 4-5. Winner, b. f. by Foul Shot-Nora Ives.
Trained by G. Strobel. Scratched -David Boland. Start fair. Won all driving. Sam
! Greenfield on favorltp scrambled the eggs or she would have won easily. Clark astride
| thp winner rode a clever race, saving ground throughout. Fay Templeton looked a wtn
| ncr at one stage. Entre Nous quit early. Saccharate bad speed.
770:». THIRD RACE-Six furlongs; 4-year-olds and up; selling: value to first. $325.
Horse and
Wt'St. J4. V,. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey.
10s| 3 ... 3 *i 2 n 1 % 1 4 'iGreenfield .
10»( 9 ... 0 3 r> 4 3 1142 H |W. Davis..
114! 1 ... 2 3 3 h 5 '.i 3 h (Bullman ..
107| 7 ... 4 h 4 h 2 1 4 1^'Minder
109| 4 ... I H 1 % 4 S 5 5 jMcBride ..
114! .8 ... 5 n 6 S S3 fin iHelgeeen ..
109 5 ... 8 4 7 3 7 5 7 10 iBell
100 2 ... 7 21A8 10 8 « 8 4 IBonner
109| 6 ... 9 9 9 9 |T. Clark...
767:.' iLady Kent, a (A. Ktmuerly). .!lf*2|
7659 Or. Sherman, a (S. Hoppas). .' 10(>|
7660 j Albemarle, f, <j. Quinlan) 11141
76«1 [Bo*. Elder. 4 <J. J. Moran).. 1071
7646 ! Profitable, B (A. Winters) ; 109
76715 Berendo*, a (W. Bob—retg>.. 111
7675 (Royal White. J> (F. Ixnvrte).. ;1C9
6t>25 'The Hawaiian. 4 (Wilson) IOC
7677 (J. H. Bennett. 5 (Romigh) |108
3 18-5
7-2 5
2 3
15 20
15 15
7-2 13-5
15 15
50 75
60 100
Time— :244. :48. 1:16%. At post Ift minute*. Off at 8:08*4. Kent . Place, 6-5; show, 1-2.
Sh«iman, place, 0-6; show. 4-5. Albemarle, show, 1-2. Winner, br. m. by Helicon-Leita
Kent. Trained by S. Moore. Scratched—Silicate. Flaneur. The Pride, Tellowstone. Dis
tributor. I,angford James. Start fair. Won easily. Balance driving hard. Greenfield
j took the shortest route with winner. Dr. Sherman, caught In a jam at the start, came
from far back. Too much weight for Albemarle. Berendos got away badly, and then
seemed to have little speed. Box Elder ran an excellent race. Profitable quit.
i 7704. FOURTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; 3-year-olds and up; handicap; to drat, $400.
! Index| Horse and Owner. jWtjSt. 14. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op. CI.
1 7«M Venator. 5 (H. E. Rowell) 11121 5 ... 1 &i 1 l'il li.il 2 ITravers ... 3 8
I 76t>2 IMartinmas. 5 (C T. Henshall)|112 4 ... 21 32 2n 24 |Kunz 6-5 8-5
7RS0 !S«a Voyage, :: (Mis. Miller).. 1 851 2 ... *8 % t % 8 '4 -T n (Taylor 30 25
I 7614 JRomalne. 5 (W. Scharetg) 1104 3 ... 5 V 3 6 v 3 B 2 4 n Bonner 8 13-2
j 761)2 Judge. 4 (J. J. McAlester) ]104, 7 ... 4 n 4 n 4 1 6 2 H. Michaels « 9-2
i 7556 ; Gateway. 4 (E. E. Burnett)..; 101, 6 ... 7 5 2 6 4 6 6 J. Bovd 10 1G
I 7662 bombardier. 4 (F. SKInher).. jlOOj 1 ... 6 % 7 7 7 W. Davis..) • •
%. Str. Fin.
3 8
6 5 8-5
30 25
8 13-2
« 9 2
10 16
• •
Time--23*i, :43tt, 1:14>4, 1:21%. At post % minute. Off at Venator, place, 6-5;
phow, 3-5. Martinmas*, place. 4-.* i; show, 1-3, Voyage, show, :!. Winner, eh. g. by
Brutus-Play fill. Trained by H. E. Rowpll. Start good. Won easily. Balance driving
hard. Venator had speed to burn. Martinmas can probably do better on a fast track.
Sea Voyage did well. Romaine.ran a fair rac«. Judge poorly ridden. Gateway not
ready. Bombardier no speed. "*t'oupled with Judge.
7705
FIFTH RACE—One mile; sellin?- 4-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. jWtlBt. %. Str. Fin. j Ji
7657 :R. Dreyfus 4 <R. de Neffe)..j 96|10 8 2 4 n 3 M4$ 1 1 % \Q. <
7627 .Major Tenny, 6 (Piedmont B.)jt06i 3 n 1 % 1 1 1 1%2 114(J. 1
76S6 ilsabellita. a (J. Ronaldson).. ;100l 2 4 1%2 1 Vj2 4 2 % 3 6 If.
7673 'Mr. Fa mum, h (O. Wilson).. il06] 7 » 10 7 2 4 2 4 3 4 15 Bon
7590 IJack Habert, a (Fountain) UQli J 5 1*48 4 7 3 5 5 % I_ 1
7686 (Step Around. 5 (Mrs. Boyle)..|!A9 3 2 »4 5 b 6 1, « 4 64 T. t
7668 iOracko, o '.I. E. Fltzgprald).. 1106) 4 71 9308 14) 8 15 75 Bell
7(U7 |E1 Moro. a (J. Stuart) IO61 1 lh 3 2 72 820 iLoa
7668 Bob Palmer, a (J. J. Coalter) jl'H)| 5 Cn 6h 9 30 9 50 9 50 |T. (
! 7565 'Scotch 4 (D. A. Ross)..; 10J| S 10 10 10 10 10 |Mcl
Horse and Owner.
:!St. %.
%. Str. Fin.
!ocke;
Char
Kellj
Jone
iner
Foun
Stew
1 ...
igue
Clarl
Brldf
CI.
J. Kelly ..
j.T. Jones...
Bonner ...
I* Fountain
T. Stewart.
5 6
7-2 3
5-2 11-5
4 19-5
30 30
20 20
20 40
30 20
50 100
50 100
Bell
uoasjiM ....
T. Clark ..
iMcBrlde ..
Time—:26, :50V l'tTi 1 :44Vi- At post 4 minutes. Off at 3:56. Barney, place 5-2; show, 6-5.
Tenny. place', 6-5; show, 7-10. Isabelllta, show, I.'-5. Winner, b. g. T>y Dorlan-Konags.
Trained by R. W. DeNeffe. Scratched—Bill Massie. Start good. Won driving and go
ing away. Balance driving hard. \ slow beginner. Barney-dropped from the clou-la Majcr
Tenny none too game. Isabellita quit. Mr. Farnum was knocked out of race at first
turn by Scotch or he would have rolled in. Step Around has bad leps.
7706. SIXTH RACE—One and
4-year-olds up; to first, $328.
Horse and Owner.
St.Std.
7J.
%. 8tr. Fin.
Jockey.
7693 iStlllcho. 5 (Baker City Stable}! !*9. 1 2 ns 1 2 l?iln 1 %, (Greenfield .
76S8 iLJttle Wally. 4 tBrtnkworth) 10*?| A 4 4 2 1 2 1%2 3 2 3 |W. Davie .
7662 iModlcum. 5 (D. S. Fountain)! 06| 2 1%5 4 h 8 n II* Fountain
7C87 iFlylng; Torpedo, a (Ezell) j 931 5 5 5 3 h (5 4 4 IBarrett ...
7610 jByronerdale, 5 (J. M. Crane).. HOli 4 In3n41 3n6 |McBrlde ...
6 13-2
8 5
2 13-5
10 9
8-5 17-10
Time—:2s%. :51%. 1:17%, 1:43%. 2:03%. At post. 4% minutes. Off at 4:27. Stillcho, place.
8-5; show. 7-10. Wally, place, 7-5; show, 1-2. Modicum, show, 1-2. Winner, b. g. by
St Andrew-Angellque. Trained by W. Cushman. Start good. Won cleverly. Balance
driving hard. Stillcho Is a shiftly performer under light weight. Little Wally ran his
race. Modicum ran well under inexperienced handling. Flying Torpedo looked dan
gerous for a time. Stable played Byronerdale and his showing an enigma.
FORM PLAYERS
SUFFER AGAIN
Trio of First Choices Are
Bowled Over in the Last
Three Events at Ascot
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 10.—Short
priced horses were bowled over with
a regularity that was startling to the
form players at Ascot to-day. Fossil,
at 9 to 10; Edlnborough, at 9 to 10, and
Akela, at 3 to 5, were defeated In the
fourth, fifth and sixth races, respec
tively. Cazador, at 2 to 1; Cloche
dOr, at 7; Tim Payne, at 7 to 2; Em
peror of India, at 16 to 6; Buchanan,
at 4 to 1, and Iras, at 13 to 1, were the
winners. Buchanan was strongly
tipped and heavily played from 7 to
1 to 4 to 1 at the close. Invictus fin
ished first in the last race, but was dis
qualified for fouling Akela.
Weather cloudy; track slow.
First race, short course, steeplechase handi
cap—Cazador, 185 (Tully), 2 to 1, won; Ed
La nigra n, 180 (Fulks), 12 to 1, second; Lanark,
130 (Bernhardt), 6 to 1. third. Time, 3:15.
Jim Bo zero an. Autumn Time. Decimo and Flea
also ran.
Second race,. selling, seven furlongs—Cloche
dOr, 105 (Fitzgerald), 7 to 1, won; Dorics, 102
(Herbert), 8 to 1, second; Oreat Mogul 104
(Tullett), 15 to 1. third. Time. 1:29%. Look
away, Lady Rowell, Albert Enright, Lem Reed,
Exapo, Alamansor, Sugden, Frangible, Erlcula,
Constable and John Hughes also ran.
Third race, six furlongs—Tim Payne, 97
(McDanlel). 7 to 2, won; Judge Denton, 97
(H. Smith), 2 to 1, second; Bluecoat, 97
(Walsh). 3 to 1. third. Time, 1:14. Belle
Kinney. Tim Hurst and Los Angeleno also
ran.
Fourth race, on* mile—Emperor of India, 92
(Miller), 16 to 6. won; Fossil, 107 (Fuller). 9
to 10, second: Kenllworth, 100 (Herbert), 9 to
1, third. Time. 1:42. Sals and Sandstone also
ran. "
Fifth race, selling, Slauson course—Buchan
an, 90 (McDanlel), 4 to 1, won; Agnes Mack,
106 (Lynch). 5 to 1, second; Effervescence 96
(Fitzgerald). 10 to 1. third. Time, 1:11. Mac
Flccknoe, Edlnborough. Bailey and Miss Pow
ell also ran.
Sixth race, selling, one and an eighth miles—
Iras. 08 (Mesjiarlty), 13 to 1, won; Akela, 110
(Fuller), 3 to 6, second: Helgerson, 100 (Per
rlne), 4to 1. third. Time, 1:57*4. Invictus,
Laureatea and Erne also ran.
CORRIGAN MAY BE BARRED
FROM SEVERAL RACE TRACKS
Fails to Make List of Entries and
Trouble Is Brewing at
Memphis.
MEMPHIS, Term., Jan. 10.—Be
cause Edward Corrigan failed to make
his usual list of entries to the Mem
phis Jockey Club stakes, which re
cently closed on account of his actibn
in declaring all colts and fillies out of
the local Derby and Oaks, horsemen
here say that he will be seen compet
ing at few tracks this year under
jurisdiction of the Western Jockey
Club. A rumor that the local jockey
club has practically sounded open
war to be waged against Corrigan in
behalf of the Western Jockey Club by
refusing to accept entries would not
be discussed by the members of the
Memphis Jockey Club or its officials.
CORBETT SIGNS
TO BOX NELSON
Denver Lad and the Great
Bane Will Meet in Re
turn Battle Next Month
The long expected return match be
tween Young Corbett and Battling
Nelson was framed up last- night. Mor
ris Levy, manager of the Hayes Val
ley Athletic Club, announced that the
boys had signed to box twenty rounds
under the auspices of his organiza
tion in February at 130 pounds at 6
o'clock, the same weight at which they
battled before.
The match has been under considera
tion for a long time past and it was
no secret that Levy had planned to
bring the lads together in a return
bout. Corbett has been crying for a
chance to redeem himself ever since
the night that the Battling Dane beat
him to a pulp and now that the op
portunity has been given him, his
friends say he will go to work and
get ready for the meeting.
The minor details of the match have
not as yet been settled. It is likely
that some discussion will occur when
the referee question is about to be ad
justed. Nelson says he will have no
more of Roche, though he had no
cause for complaint, as the Bowery
Boy acted right when the Dane was
beaten by Britt.
Corbett likes Roche good enough to
let him judge any of his fights and
will surely propose his name. He is
also friendly with Eddie Graney again
and when their little quarrel was
patched up the Denver boy stated that
Graney was the man he would hold
out for the next time he was due to
battle with someone.
. Nelson is at present away In the
woods on an extended hunting trip
and will not return for a couple of
weeks at least. His tramps through
the mountains will keep him in good
form and a fortnight of training in
the evm will be all he needs to make
him fit and ready, as the weight is
easy for the champion of Hedgwich.
Corbett is working at Shannon's, San
Rafael, and says he is getting into
shape. He had said this so often that
the public does not always take It
with the best of grace. This time
the former champion will have to show
the sports. He Is possessed of a great
chance to make good and It is up to
him.
The winner of the battle will un
doubtedly be signed up with Britt un
less Mr. Herford beats the Californlan
to it and frames up one for his black
terror. Herford ls> still on the look
out for a match and announces his
readiness to take on any of them.
SANCHEZ CONVICTED.—Juan Sanchez, a
Filipino youth, was convicted by a Jury yes
terday in the United States District Court of
stealing a watch and a pair of shoes from
the Presidio headquarters. He was ordered to
appear for sentence this morning.
HORSES WHICH
FIGURE BEST.
BY FRED E. Ml LHOLLAND.
First race—Suburban Queen.
Yellowstone. Brcnnus.
Second race—Sir Wilfred,
Daruma, Eqnorum Rex.
Third race—Dora I, Mlmo,
Riesca.
Fourth race—Nigrette, Oro
Viva, Bombardier.
Fifth race—Barrack, Sunny
Shore, Adirondack.
Sixth race—The Lady Ro
hesla. Sad Sam, W. R. Condon.
EXCELLENT CARD
AT OAKLAND.
First race- Futurity course, four-year-olds
and up. selling:
7578 'Libbie Candid < Burger) &*
7659 Hulford (J. Brannon) 106
6*22 'Pachuca (Napa Stock Farm) 10*
6776 Prestano (Plerson) 11l
7683 Urbano (Boyle) 108
7641 Presidio <Zellnsky) 106
7686 'Yellowstone (Fine) 104
7663 Brennus (Judge) 11l
765 ft 'O-orgle Black (Hansen) 90
' 7 6831 Distributor (Nell) 11l
7631 Deleegno (Logan) 106
7678 'Suburban Queen (Winter * Johsn). 99
Second race—Three and a half furlangs, two
year-olds, purse:
7691 Abe Meyer (Stover) 105
.... Mlesberg (Blaslngame) 109
Wernberg-Mies Dante!*.
7691 Daruma (Naoa Stock Farm) 109
7660 Bellona (Macdonough) 108
(7691) Sir Wilfred (Cameron) 112
Busy Bee (Patterson & Co.) 109
First Tenor-Bee Bee.
7672 Dora Gentry (Stanfleld) 103
7672 Tolo Olrl (Forbes & Co.) 108
7691 Semllune (Roche & Co.) 103
7672 Equorum Rex (Summers) 106
Third rare—Six and a half furlongs, three
year-olds and up, selling:
7696 Golden Buck (Schorr) 94
6827 Klckumbob (Maglll) 109
7686 'Flaneur (Murray) 104
76!)fl 'Dora I (Ryan) 102
6716 Riesra <R. Dunn) 104
7655 Myrtle H. (Hertzell) 107
7679 'Glendene (Saunders) 87
7677 'Mlmo (Sheridan) 104
6911 Mis* Raphael (M. White) 104
7669 'Educate tHoppas) 102
7653 Calculate (Blasingame) 94
Fourth race—One and a sixteenth miles.
three-year-olds and up, handicap:
7706 Modicum (Fountain) 100
76P.T Major Mansir (Mrs. Hertxell) 100
7704 Bombardier (Skinner) 108
(7(!98)Oro Viva (Henshall) 94
7603 Nigrette (Jennings) 98
Fifth race—One and an eighth miles, four
year-olds and up, selling:
7681 'Adirondack (Shannon) 104
7686 'Sunny Shore (Dunn) 104
7697 'Gin Spray (De Neffe) 104
7681 Theodora L (Smith) 107
(7666) Barrack (Barrett) 112
6666 Outburst (McAlester) 112
7681 'Vigoroso (Appleby) 104
7686 'Miracle II (Hoppas) 104
7605 Petrolia (McCarthy) 107
760s 'Hermencla (Cahlll).. 104
7705 'Jack Hab-srt (Fountain) 104
Sixth race—Five and a half furlongs, three
year-olds and up, purse:
7600 Matt Hogan (Romlgh) 109
<76S8)The Lady Rohesla (Henshall) 98
(75P8)San Nicholas (T. Ryan) 112
7604 Ishlana (Ryan) 98
(7006) David BoUnd (Baird) 91
7682 Squire Johnson (Miller) 89
(76S0fSad Sam (Green) 100
(7634) W. R. Condon (Esell) 112
•Apprentice allowance.
CLAUDE AND DAINTY ARE
BILLED IN THE BROOKLYN
Only Six Horses Now Racing in Cali
fornia Entered to Compete for
Rich Prize.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.—With the
arrival of to-day's mails from Cali
fornia the final entries were received
for the Brooklyn Handicap. Fred
Echberger, secretary of the Brooklyn
Jockey Club, received only six entries
from the West for the great event,
which brought the total number In
this race up to forty-nine. The en
tries to-day were M. J. Daly's iron
horse Claude, which has won many
good races on California tracks this
winter; James McLaughlin's Pasa
dena, W. B. Jennings' Dainty and
Proper, J. L. Holland's Martinet and
U. Z. Armand's Sir Brillar.
New Orleans Results.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 10.—Results:
First race, one mile—Monte won. Ascot Belle
second. Flight third. Time, 1:413-5.
Second race, six furlongs—Lieutenant Rice
won, Norwood Ohio second, Little Jack Homer
third. Time. 1:13 4-5.
Third race, seven furlongs—Kittle Piatt won,
Bponge Cake second. Miss Betty third. Time,
1:27.
Fourth race, one mile—Coruscate won, Mon
aco Maid sscond, Katte Powers third. Time,
1:41 1-5.
Fifth race, one and five-eighth miles—
Treaoy won, Lord Tennyson second, Catallne
third. Time. 2:49 4-5.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles—Mon
tebank won. Knowledge second, Annora J third.
Tim*. 1:48 2-5.
Yachtsmen to Choose Nominators.
The members of the San Francisco
Tacht Club will hold their regular
meeting in the banqueting hall of the
California Hotel to-night for the pur
pose of electing three members of a
nominating committee. The three
members chosen will nominate candi
dates for the various offices of the
club, the names on the list prepared
by them constituting the "regular
ticket."
TALENTED YOUNG PIANIST
IN IRISH MUSIC RECITAL
Miss Mary Carrick Will Render Selec
tions Of Erin's Masters To
morrow Night.
Miss Mary Carrick. the talented
young San Francisco pianist, will give
a recital of old Irish melodies to-mor
row evening at Steinway Hall, on Sut
ter street. This will be Miss Car
rick's second public recital. She is
a pupil of Hugo Mansfeldt and ap
peared in a concert under his direc
tion more than a year ago and made
a success.
Miss Carrick's recital to-morrow
night will be something new in the
musical line, for the programme of
Irish melodies which she is to play
has never been rendered in this city
before. The programme is a varied
one and embraces a long list of the
most popular compositions from the
pens of the most noted works of Ire
land's renowned writers of music and
song. Following is the programme in
full:
"Come Back to Erin," op. 210 (Kuhe); "The
Minstrel Boy," op. 29 (Pape); •Believe Me If
All Those Endearing Young Charms," op. 26
(Pape): "Love's Young Dream," op. 38 (Pape);
"The Last Ross of Summer" (Thalberg-Cun
neen), for the left hand alone; Fsntasle on
Irish Airs (Kuhe); "The Harp That One©
Through Tara's Halls," op. 32 (Pape); "Kath
leen Mavourneeu," op. 72 (Kuhe); "Home,
Sweet Home" (Thaiberg), by request.
BIG WRESTLER
BEATS CARKEEK
The Veteran Cannot Eesist
Strength of Tom Jenkins,
Who Has Youth in Favor
CELEBRITIES PRESENT
Crowd Listens to Prize Fight
ers, Bull Fighters and
T. McGrath's Noisy Vest
By sheer strength Tom Jenkins, the
champion all-round wrestler, forced
Jack Carkeek, the veteran of catch-as
catch-can, to the mat twice last night
at Woodward's Pavilion. It was Father
Time who helped get the victory for
the big fellow. The elder man showed
that he had all the tricks of the game
by heart, but he could not work his
holds en Jenkins.
The veteran went down fighting on
each fall. Every muscle on the frame
that was not as supple as It used to
be strained to the utmost in futile re
sistance as the Cleveland giant forced
his shoulders to the mat.
The first fall was won in 17 minutes
and 30 seconds. Carkeek was thrown,
but cleverly stalled all attempts of Jen
kins to get a good hold. Juat when it
looked like curtains for the veteran he
suddenly slipped away and put the big
fellow on the defensive, but not for
long. Jenkins secured a half Nelson and
bar wrist hold on the veteran. One of
Carkeek's shoulders touched the mat.
Jenkins threw into the hold all his
enormous strength. Slowly the other
shoulder of the veteran was forced
down. Carkeek struggled gamely, but
youth told. The other shoulder touched
the mat. Referee Eugene Van Court
tapped the big fellow in the back. First
fall for Jenkins.
The second fall resulted after some
lively work. Carkeek caught the big
fellow napping and had him guessing
for a few minutes. The veteran se
cured good holds twice. If he had the
ginger of other days, Jenkins would
still be wondering how it happened. But
Jenkins escaped the slaughter and got
a three-tiuarter Nelson. Suddenly he
shifted to a half Nelson and an arm
hold. Jenkins fhrew forward all hl»
weight and Carkeek was out. Time, 4
minutes and 45 seconds.
A preliminary bout between Al Brill
and George Braun went to Braun.
George Harding refereed this match.
Though Brill was heavier, Braun han
dled him easily, taking the first fall in
8 minutes and the second In 5 minutes
and 36 seconds.
All the celebrities were there. Billy
Jordan got a compound fracture of the
voice trying to introduce them. Young
Corbett was the first to be called before
the calcium vest of Tim McGrath. The
little fellow was welcomed like a long
lost brother.
Then entered J. Edward Britt, boy
orator of the ring. "I am ready to
fight any man in the world at 133 ring
side," announced "Chames."
Like a shot Young Corbett leaped
back into the ring, "I'll fight Britt at
that weight any time with a side bet
of $5000, winner to take all," he an
nounced.
With the hauteur of pate de foie
gras in his demeanor J. Edward strode
back: "Ladies and gentlemen," he
announced, "I have defeated Mr. Cor
bett once. I do not think I should
fight him again until I have tried all
the new material. I can announce
that Uaere will be one more fight be
twesjHfeSngland and America. I am
negotiations to fight Mr. Ja
bez Wnlte of England."
Mistah Jonsing also presented
to the clamoring multitude temporari
ly eclipsing the splendor of Tim Mc-
Grath's vest. Kid McCoy, accom
panied by a swagger cane, was an
nounced as the "Beau Brummel of the
prize ring." Frankie Neil and Dick
Hyland, who are to mix soon, also
made their little bows.
The sensation among the introduc
tions was Senor Henrico Robles of
Madrid, Spanish bullfighter by occu
pation. "I no speaka the Engleep,"
announced the Don. "But I flght-a da
bull. I wrestle any bull in America
for 500 pesos. Take him by the horn
and throw him. Fine and dandy, you
call him, what?" and the toreador
from Spain smiled a smile that was
all good nature. The bullfighter was
in tow of Young Corbett and company.
Spider Kelly, the cotillion kid, and
T. McGrath Esp., assisted by a vest,
second Jenkins. Mr. McGrath an
nounced that the poem of haberdash
ery was worn in compliment to the
ladies present. The presence of the
fair sex caused Billy Jordan to ad
monish the gentlemen present to use
parlor language and to say, "Oh,
mercy!" or "Gracious," if excitement
overcame them. The admonition was
heeded.
Butchers' Board of Trade.
At the last meeting of the Butchers'
Board of Trade the following officers
were elected for the ensuing year:
President, Captain J. H. McMenomy;
first vice president. Fred Winters;
second vice president, J. W. Phillips;
treasurer, L. Nonnemann; recording
secretary, B. J. Horn; financial secre
tary, D. A. Huntemann; marshal, J.
Nowlan; assistant marshal, Henry
Meyn.
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 10.—Count Sou
valoff, it is reported, will be appointed Prefect
of Moscow.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weak Men and
Rupture Cured.
soioo»«.Y»to» vacuum treatment
?M VEM>p kly NEW
4 3 M,Z< kTAy tag
In, *IPL S J§2 opT »v,' K tub
tRVZI 32jssB 5 fully e "»*rg« aad
umanr . completely d*T*ioo
the organs. Lsea with our boluble Medicated
I~PtHrtCT URETHRAL MCbioVncsrr^»»»«ga^
Urethral Crayon*, quickly cures all drain* anrf
discharges. Varicocele, Stricture. Prematura
Dtcay, Enlargement of Prostate Gland
Special cur* for RL'PTI'RE; no knife in
lay Item work. Guarantee perfect curT
Money left In bank. Our physiciansi
well known to be experienced and strlctlv r.
liabla specialists and cure Rapture and Vm
diseases of men only by modern methods. r«
for free examination and full detail* of Tv.r
kptclal cure for Rupture. " 01 OUf
We want alto especially every weak or u „
developed man to call or write for our m™, in
ttructlve 100-page illustrated book, it fully ix
plains th* action of cur remarkable Vsenum
and Crayon treatment. W*. i save th* most
home cure In the world We srl*«
treatment on lO days' trial and ap
proval. Book sent securely sealed frim
Every man should read It. Call or writs to'
day. Hours » to 0. Sundays. 11 to L VACUUM
APPLIANCE CO., 6 6'rirttU gtreitUNCLE SAM'S GREAT DREDGER CHINOOK
WILL BE REPAIRED AT THIS PORT.
.vr—
The contract for repairing Uncle
Sam's big dredger Chinook, formerly
the army transport Grant, was award
ed'yesterday to the Risdon Iron Works
of this city. The Chinook is now at
T'acoma, and every engineering firm of
•consequence on the coast was after the
•work. The repairs to be made are ex
t'ensjive, and the Risdon's bid of $21,310
• was, the lowest.
' The Chinook is equipped with much
complicated machinery. In converting
her to. a dredger the latest theories of
-construction were put into practice. To
; a - certain extent the Chinook was a
success, but in the practical work not
„t*. few of the ideas which had governed
.her- construction were knocked on the
'licad. Some of the mistakes made in
\he original plans were responsible, it
•is'said, for the extensive repairs now
necessary. The wear and tear on the
machinery during the time sha was in
•commission are said to have been out
;of all proportion to the work the
•Chinook did. When the repairs are ef
fected it is expected that the Chinook
••#•111 be an invaluable aid in making
[navigable waters now too shoal for
• safety In anything but fine weather.
' Following were the bids for repair
ing and overhauling the Chinook: Ris
.'don Iron Works, $21,310; Union Iron
•Works.' $22,252; Puget Sound Iron
.Works. Seattle, $22,333; Willamette Iron
Work's, Portland. $26,349; Heffernan
Iron Works, Seattle, $26,653; Columbia
Works, Portland, $39,620.
•The Chinook is expected here in
.a,bout a week.
Liner China Sails.
' Ths Pacific Mall Company's liner China
sailed promptly at 1 o'clock yesterday for
the Far East. Her decks wero crowded with
humanity and on the whaiT waa fathered a
rot>ri:opolltan army, the friends of the China's
White, yellow and brown passengers. The
L>ouO tona of canto which filled the liner's
hold wera stowed to give the China the trim
In whiott she can negotiate the Pacific swells
with most comfort to those on board. The
vcyago Just started is the China's seventy
second and the fine old liner never left
port looking any handsomer.
'Her cargo, mostly for Japan, is valued at
$395,000. In includes 4UO tons of flour, 150
L»r>s of lead and much merchandise. In ad
dition to the freight the China carried a
iarge amount of treasure, though not as much
as expected, a shipment of nearly $1,000,000
■at bavins arrived from New York in time.
I'he treasure included gold bars for Japan
tallied at $1,004,470, and a shipment of Mex
,can dollars for Jacan. The total value of
the treasure shipment waa $1,775,;115.
Bishop S. C. Partridge, with his wife and
L-hlld. are returning to Japan on the China
md among the passengers were many mis
sionaries tor both China and Japan. A num
ber, of Dromlnent Japanese sailed on the
I'ner. Yii. Bhi Vi, a Chinese mandarin who
jut- been .In Washington on a mission for
:ils-; government, is going back to the Flow
ery Kingdom on the Pacific Mail boat. J. C.
J'oppage, who will represent an eastern shoe
irni'in the Orient, was a passenger.
•'•The China's passengers included the fol
bwUig:
• For Honolulu—Charles V. Bennett. T. D.
.'arneal. J. O. Carter Jr.. M. E. Caypless,
Miss J. B. Cook, Lieutenant Robert E. Coontz,
U. S. N., Dr. H. B. Cooper, Miss Sarah M.
'ÜB'hing, John Gaenzle, Mrs. John Gaenzie,
Mrs. J\ F. Hailoway, Miss Florence Hallo
arasr, H. S. Johnson, Miss L. Kane, C. F.
behncrs. Mrs. C. F. Lehners, Mrs. B. Mar
»hall, A. C. McKeever. M. M. O'Shaughnessy,
IVilllam Patterson, Mrs. William Patterson
md child, William M. Stelrnagle, Oscar Stev
ens. Mrs. Oscar Stevens, F. L. Waldron, Mrs.
S. G. Wheatland, George H. Whitney.
For Yokohama—Mis. Frances H. Cowan,
Miss May Cowan, Miss Margaret Cowan, Miss
Dorothy Cowan, Master James Cowan, T.
Hlotoaka, H. Imura, T. Kokado, J. H. Mar
tin, \*.. Mayeda, Miss Mary Oakley, Mrs.
Jane S. Oakley. Rev. P. J. Stockman.
Kobe—Bishup S. C. Partridge, Mrs. S. C.
Partridge and infant. Henry Wagner, W. H.
Tories.
Shanghai—Rev. W. L. Beard. Mrs. W. D.
Beard and four children. Rev. W. H. Cley
stein. Rev. T. E. Fields. J. E. Gibson, Mrs.
J:' E. Gibson. Lacy L. Little. Mrs. Lacy L.
Little. Rev. L. E. McLachlin. Mrs. L. E.
McLachlin, E. E. Moran, VII Shi Yi.
Hong Kuns-J. I. i :oppage. Miss Hilda
Canan, V. A. Howard, Dr. Herman Janss,
Dr. Edward Jui B. G. Lukcns, Mrs. E.
G. .Lukens, S. i . . ..tin, James E. Malloy,
u'. Q. Malkow, Benton E. McClelland, C. C.
McLain, w. j. Mvzun. A. Y. Napier. E. w.
Province, Morgan Robinson, F. T. Robson,
J. W. Shuman. Mrs. 3, W. Shuman, E. P-
Sbutiian, Mrs. F. S. Taggart. Charles A. Vail,
Mrs. S. M. Yauciain, Miss Mary Vauclain,
Charles E. Wlney, G. P. W'olfrom, Tohg
Suk Y"ee.
French Cruiser Due at This Port.
• The French cruiser Protet. a familiar visitor
at this port and probably the speediest Vessel
bf her kind on the Pacific, is due here" at any j
'time now from Honolulu. She has been In |
the South Seas since she was last here, sta- 1
.tioried for most of the time at Tahiti and is \
in -'need of the scraping and cleaning she can j
get only oft the drydock. Durmg the cruiser's ;
-at Honolulu the officers were hospitably
«*nt«rtained by the society people of the island i
p< ct and were hosts at several smart functions !
Ctjrttj on board. Many of the officers were
.here before and are looking forward to re
in wing pleasant friendship. Commander
Adegard.is still in command of the Protet.
.Trn»;othe'r officers are: Lieutenant Commander
• 'arre. Lieutenants Moysan, Vinsot and
r<<hultz. i-'ub-Li'-ntenants <"boroude and Fillet,
Midshipmen Hutspuille. Decejtd, Grivel, Pavot j
'and . Blanchet. Engineers Chevenot, Chake, I
Vfllton and Brunei, Paymaster Ducorps and
(Surgeon Michel.
Not a Liner at the Dock.
.;' 'For tho first time in many months every
booth at the Pacific Mail wharf is vacant.
.The- Acapulco, the only one of the company's
lipetfc in commission left in port after the
"departure of the China, is on the drydock and ]
yesterday afternoon a large army of Steve- j
dores, clerks, dock officials, custom-house i
officers and Chinese bureau watchmen found I
Abelr occupation gone and the big whan ;
w;rapped in an unusual calm. There's a busy
■Jtme coming, however, for t i-morrow the Doric '
be in and every effort will he made to j
get her discharged before the big Manchuria
■ppf ra The work of discharging and load- \
;3ng 'the Manchuria will lie carried on day and
'nig Tit.-for her stay in port will he short and 1
'•many tons of freight will have to be handled J
.before she is ready to sail.
Movements of Liners.
'•"The • Oceanic Steamship Company's linei
TSlenra. Captain Houdlette. will hail to-morrow
.for .Honolulu,, Samoa, Xew Zealand anJ Aus
tralia with a full complement of passengers.
T.tie. City of Panama is due to-morrow from
the-isthmus and the Doric may get in from
Use Orient, although not scheduled to arrive
Until Friday. The Aeapuloo sails Saturday
for Panama and way ports and next week the
pig liner Manchuria' is due. She is coming
dir£<"t from Yokohama and sails again Janu
ary 28.
The Overdue List.
: -The German ship Robert Rickmers. out 2)2 |
days from Philadelphia for Hiogo, was placed !
on 'the overdue list yesterday, quoted for re- |
hsuranee at 20 per cent. The Stork is quoted j
at 75 ncr cent.
0
Unable to Make Landing.
• • The tug Dauntless reached Alcatraz landing
.Monday morning with the oil barge Monterey
in tow, but was unable to go In on account
"of the heavy weather.
Beri-Beri on the Abby Palmer.
.The bark Abby Palmer, from Kaanapala for
.I'f.t'indelphia, is In quarantine at Marcus Hook,
of her crew being down with beri-beri.
he Abby Palmer has a cargo of sugar.
Exports by the China.
The steamer China sailed yesterday for /
• 'ilongkong and way ports via Honolulu with a
aeral merchandise cargo valued at $394,145,
e*tlUßlve of treasure, and to be distributed as 1
follows: For Japan, $195,900: China. ?158,4«2; ,
Korea, *4<rtO; K« s t Indies, $ZSSi; Philippine Isl
ands, $31.50 : South Africa. »IC4. The follow
ing wete the leading exports:
To- Japan—looo bbls flour, 6017 gals wine,
Pi.258 lbs sugar, 1100 cs condensed milk, 16 cs
canned goods, 2139-lbs 6 pkgs raisins,
3203 lbs ham and bacon, 1001 lbs butter, 154
pkgs groceries and provisions, 45 pkgs table
preparations. 960 lbs chocolate. 850 lbs lard, 2
?o„ w !l i!!ky ' 2 cs "VUP. 908 rolls 20 cs leather,
1-16 flasks quicksilver, 800 bales cotton, 347
pkgs Meetings, 71 pkgs machinery, 23 cs drugs
64 pkga rubber goods. 28 pkg* printing ink, 7
cs arms and ammunition. 50 bbls oak extract,
0 cs dry goods. 45 cs paint, 4 pkgs soap, 2 cs
cotton domestics, 12 bdls wire. 86 cs electrical
supplies, 18 pkgs bicycles, 280 bxs nails, 1389
IPs zinc shavings.
J.T? 9^," a ~~ lGl ° bbls flour, 7405 cs condensed
rnlllt, 102„ cs canned salmon, 2207 cs assorted
?^ ed ? 0< ? B - 9694 lb « cheese. 36,340 lbs lard,
1040 gals 11 cs wine. 2359 gals 25 cs spirits,
W cs »yrup, 20 crt, onions, 7250 lbs sugar, 1250
lb tapioca, 21,825 lbs pearl barley, 1240 lbs 13
Risdon Iron Works
Bid of $21,310 Is
Lowest
BigMud-Digger For
merly Transport
Grant.
ca bread, 18,468 lbs dried fish, 11,390 lbs beans,
8862 lbs 2 cs dried fruit, 13,460 lbs chocolate,
10,726 lbs codfish, 400 lbs meals, 2 cs honey,
5 cs paste, 396 pkgs table preparations, 180
pkgs fresh fruits. 11 pkgs olives, 393 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, ir>r- haul aad oa
con, 3042 lbs raisins. 3908 lbs ginseng, 336,120
lbs pig lead, 1244 bales 2 cs cotton domestics,
150 bales sheetings, 250 cs cigarettes, 30 cs
paints, 2004 bxs soap, 33 os drugs, 16 cs dry
goods, 32 cs rubber goods, 01 rolls leather, 28
pkgs machinery, 1 bale duck, 3 cs arms and
ammunition, 18 rolls paper.
To Korea—l2s bbls flour. 328 cs assorted
canned goods, 220 cs condensed milk, 1178 lbs
ham and baccn, 250 lbs nuts, 5 cs olives, 240
lbs butter, 205 lbs cheese, 2 cs groceries and
provisions 27 cs table preparations. 300 lbs
dried fruit. 625 lbs bread, MSO lbs coffee, 5 cs
preserved cherries, 2 cs brandy, 2 cs liquors, 5
ca electrical goods.
To East Indies—479 cs canned salmon, 170 cs
assorted canned goods, 030 gals wine, 1808 lbs
dried fruit, 443 lbs tallow.
To Philippine Islands —100 casks beer, 200 cs
whisky. 1 cs drugs.
Tj South Africa—so cs canned fruit and 228
lbs dried fruit.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 10. 1905.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
1. ©~ at noon of the 120 th meridian or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Height of High and Low Water.
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE —The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11.
Sun rises 7:25
Sun sets 5:12
Moon sets 10:56 p. m.
Q jTimej [Tlmel jTimel !Time|
& \ [ Ft. j Ft. i Ft. 1 Ft.
? ;h w| il. W| h w| [l, wj
11 ' 4:00' 4.8 1 0:4(1' 2.9 3:00' 3.9 9:18 1.2
12 4:35; 4.9.111:45 2.0 4:12, ::.«:!«i:Urt! 1.7
13 I 5:14. 4.9 11:38! 2X 5:37; .{.4:10:58; 2.1
14 | 5:50' 5.0!l2:31i 1.8' 6:5S 3.5111:49 2.4
15 | 8:2Sl 5.2 1:22! 1.2 8:14! 5.6] \
IL. \V| !H W1 fl> Wj |H W
16 i 0:45| 2.6 7:07 5.3] 2:10! 0.i| 9:10| 3.8
17 I 1:40| 2.8| T:48| 5.5; 2:56; 0.1 10:09! 4.t
NOTE—In the above exposition of thp tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
dya, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus t —)
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the msuri
of the lower low waters.
0
Movements of Steamers.
Steamer. i From. j Due.
Eureka '| Humboidt Jan. 11
Umatilla 1 Puget Sound Ports ....(Jan. 11
Coos Bay j San Pedro ft Way Pts. Jan. 11
Rainier 'Seattle & Bellingham.. Jan. 11
F. Kllbum ! Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan. 11
Northland j San Pedro [Jan. 12
Areata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford'Jan. 12
Santa Rosa... I San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 12
Corona i Humboldt I Jan. 12
Point Arena.. 1 Mendocino & Pc. Arena. Jan. 12
City Panama. New York via Ancon.. Jan. 12
Wellington... Oyster Harbor Jan. 13
Centralia Grays Harbor |Jan. l.'t
Doric China & Japan ,Jan. It
Enterprise.... Hilo Jan. 18
Tottenham... Nanalmo I Jan. 18
Czarina j Coos Bay ;Jan. 18
Elizabeth....*: Coquille River Jan. 13
San Pedro Humboldt [Jan. l.'l
S. Barbara... : San Pedro iJan. 13
Czarina j Coos Bay IJan. 14
Argo | Eel River Ports Jan 14
G. W. Elder., i Portland & Astoria Jan. 14
S. Monica San Pedro IJan. 14
Santa Crua... ! San Pedro & Way Pts. I.Ian. 15
Pomona I Humboldt |Jan. 15
Arctic I Humboldt |.Ian. 15
Queen .Puget Sound Ports Jan. 1(1
Breakwater. .. Toos Bay [Jan. Itl
State of Cal... San Diego St Way Pts. j Jan. 1H
Porno , Point Arena & Albion.. I Jan. IV
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma ....'.Ian. 17
Alameda Honolulu jjan. 17
Assuan Hamburg & Way Pts. . Jan. 17
Neko •! Seattle Jan. 17
Peru | New York via Ancon.. IJan. IS
Aurella., I Portland & Astoria IJan. 18
Columbia (Portland & Astoria.... | Jan. IP
Enterprise. ... Hilo (Jan. It)
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports IJan. 21
Manchuria i China & Japan |Jan. 21
Steamer.
From.
TO SAIL.
—
January 11. |
O. Dollar.."' Seattle direct I 4 pmlPier 20
f'hehalip... '■ Grays Harbor | 5 pm P;er 2
Vanguard..! Humboldt i!2 m'Pier 27
Centennial. [ Seattle & Tacoma. \ r» pmjPler 20
Homer...,. Grays Harbor I 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt ]l:30p'Pler 0
Arctic...—| Humboldt I 9 amjPier 2
January 12. j
Northland..! Astoria & Portland!12 m,'Pier 27
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor ! 2 pmlPier 2
Breakwater' Coos Bay direct....| 5 pm'Pier 8
Seqloia I Willapa Harbor j 4 pm Pier 20
State of Car San Diego & Way. 9 am ! Pier 11
Porno I Pt. Arena & Albion' f pmlPier 2
Sierra j Sydney & Way Pts.j 2 pra-Pler 7
Columbia. - ! Astoria & Portlandill amIPier 3.4
Centralla.. *i Los Angeles Ports. . 10 am Pier 10
January 13. |
Cascade Astoria & Portland) 9 am Pier 2
S. Barbara. Grays Harbor 1 4 pm|Pier 2
Eureka.... j Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
San Pedro..! Los Angeles Ports.] 2 pm;Pler 2
January 14. [
Areata Coos B. & Pt. OrfdllO am Pier Vt
Point Arena Point Arena I 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. !» am:Pier 11
Acapulco..' N. Y. via Ancon.. l2 m;Pier 40
F Kilburn. Portland & Way..! 2 pmPier 27
Rainier Seattle & Bllnghm 4 pm.PIer 10
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pmlPier 10
Corona Humboldt |l:30p Pler 9
January 15. I !
Cmatllla... Puget Sound Ports.ill amIPier 9
g. Rosa San Diego & Way.I 9 ampler 11
January 16. i
Czarina Coos Bay direct...] 5 pm!Pier 8
Elizabeth., j Coquille River 5 pmlPier 20
January 17. I
O. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am; Pier 24
January 18. j
S. Cruz.... San Pedro & Way.! 9 am|Pier 11
January 20. !
Queen Puget Sound Ports.ill am Pier 9
Jeanle Seattle * Tacoma.) 6 pm'Pier 20
January 21.
Alameda... Honolulu Ill amIPier 7
FROM SEATTLE. _____
Steamer.
Destination.
Farallon I Skagway & Way Porta. Jan. 13
Excelsior I Valdez & Way Ports.. Jan. 10
Cottage City.. ! Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 17
Santa Clara.. I Valdez & Seward Jan. 21
Jefferson i Skagway & Way Ports. |Jan. 25
SKIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, January 10.
rMmr Acme, Reed, 12 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Porno, Retnertsen, 12 hours from Al
bion, via Point Arena 10 hours.
Stmr James S. Hlgglne, Hlgglns, 15 hours
from Fort Bragg, bound for San Pedro, called
in to land passengers.
Stmr Cascade, Jahneen, 62 hours from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Alcazar, Wlnkel, 12 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen. 15 hours from Caspar,
bound south, put in to land passengers.
Stmr Signal, Bendegard, 50 hours from Coos
Bay.
Brig Lurllne, Forest, 5 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Advent. Olsen, 6 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Lily. Bogtger. 5% days from Umpqua.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, January 10.
Stmr City of Fuebla, Jepsen, Victoria, etc.;
P C S,S Co.
Stmr China, Friele, Hongkong and way
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1905.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 10—5 p. m.
The following: maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston 34-30 Pittsburg 34-14
Chicago 28-06 New Orleans 66-52
Cincinnati 32-02 New York 32-30
Honolulu, H. I...72 H2St. Louts 34-04
Jacksonville 58-40 Washington 34-32
Philadelphia 34-30
SAN FRANCISCO 52-46
. The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date lust
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 00 17.37 10.73
Red Bluff 00 14.98 12.83
Sacramento 00 9.06 4.76
San Francisco 00 10.56 6.22
I Fresno 00 6.21 0.02
' Intiejiendence 00 0.87 0.42
I San Luis Obispo 05 6.73 0.82
Loa Angeles 14 4.50 0.43
S in Diego 28 3.87 0.42
i s a a »
i pn *| n i
STATIONS. % |§ *~ S
m • O
C C . 3
| j 1 J2_ : : _ :
i Baker 30.02 22 16 NW Snow Tr.
j Carson 29.08 44 20 NW Clear .00
' Eureka 20.88 50 38 N Pt.Cldy .00
I Fresno 29 OS 5H 42 S Clear .00
' S.K. Farallon.29.70 57 48 NW Clear .00
• Flagstaff 20.44 30 28 SW Snow 1.88
P.m atclln 20.96 24 2 W Clear .00
I Independence .29.54 54 3S NW Clear .00
Los Angeles. .29.74 02 50 SW Pt.Cldy .14
! Mt Tamalpals.29.7rt 55 37 NW near .00
! North Heal ..30.02 40 34 E Clear .00
I Phoenix 29.68 58 4S SW Rain 1.76
I Pt Reyes Lt. .29.02 51 48 NW Clear .00
Portland 30.00 40 26 NE Clear .00
1 tied Bluff 20..10 (« 48 N Clear .00
Rosehurg 30.00 34 32 NE Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.48 54 38 SE Clear .00
Silt Utke 29.68 28 20 W Cloudy .00
j San Francisco.29.76 52 46 SW Clear .00
: San L. ObispO.2tf.76 58 46 W Cloudy .05
San Diego 29.76 00 50 W Cloudy .04
Seattle 30.08 44 28 N Clear .28
; Spokane 30.16 30 28 E Clear .00
Tatcosh 30.04 44 18 E Clear .00
Walla Walla. .30.18 24 20 S Cloudy Tr.
Winnemueca .29.78 34 14 NE Clear .00
Yuma 20.08 02 62 32
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
' The storm has moved slowly eastward and
I now overlies Arizona, New Mexico and Colo
rado.
Heavy snow has fallen in I'tah and Northern
Arizona and heavy rain In Southern Arizona
and along the Mexican boundary.
The .allowing high winds are reported: Eu
reka, 32 miles, from the north; Point Reyes,
02, northwest; Southeast Farallon, 44. north
west.
At Phoenix 1.02 inches of rain is reported.
Forecast made at S.an Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. January 11:
California north of Tehachapl—Fair Wednes
day; brisk north winds.
California south of Tehachapl — Cloudy
Wednesday; fresh southwest winds.
Nevada—Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Wednesday:
fresh north winds.
Lop Angeles and vicinity—Cloudy Wednes
day; light south wind* \
Sacramento. —Fair Wednesday; light north
winds.
Fresno—Fair Wednesday; light north winds,
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
DOrts; P M S S Co.
Stmr Edith. Hall. Nanaimo; Western Fuel
Co. '
SAILED.
Tuesday, January 10.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Alberts. San Pedro.
Stair James 8. Higgins. San Pedro.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepson. Victoria and
Puset Sound Dorts.
Stmr Samoa Madsen, San Pedro.
Stmr China,' Friele, Hongkong, via Yoko
hama and Honolulu.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Monterey, etc.
Stmr Edith, Hall, Nanaimo.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, Eureka.
Fr bnrk Vllle de Havre. Homo, Noumea. i
Fr bnrk'Notre Dame d'Arvor, Cousinet, New
Caledonia.
Bchr Novelty. Hoffman. Coos Bay.
Schr E. B, Jackson. Maas, Grays Harbor.
Si hr Mary Etta, Wetsel. Iversens Landing.
Schr Lizzie Prlen. Hansen. Coqullle River.
Schr Newark. Johnson. Byxbees Landing.
SPOKEN.
Dec 26—In lat 4 south, long 32 west. Br ship
Pinmore, from Newcastle, Eng., for San Fran
cisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan. 10, 10 p. m—Weather
foggy; wind NW; velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDING—SaiIed Jan 10—Stmr
Fulton, for Hardy Creek. , I
HARDY CREEK—Arrived Jan 10—Stmr Fui- \
ton. from Bowens Landing.
PORT GAMBLE—Sailed Jan 10—Bark Al
hert, for Hilo.
EUREKA—Arrived Jan 10—Stmrs Alliance
and F. A. Kllburn, from Coos Bay.
Sailed Jan 10—Stmrs F. A. Kilburn and
Eureka, for San Francisco.
Sail-d Jan 10—Stmr Pasadena, for San
Francisco.
BANDON—Arrived Jan 10—Stmr Elizabeth. '
hence Jan 7.
PORT TOWN-SEND-Sailed Jan 10—Bark ,
Albert, for Hilo.
TII.LAMQOK—Arrived Jan 6—Schr C. T. ,
Hill, hence Dec 22.
SANTA BARBARA—Arrived Jan 10—Stmr
Cops Bay, from San Pedro, and sailed for San
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO—Arrived Jan 10—Stmr Bee,
from Redondo; stmr Marshfleld. from Hardy
Creek: stmr San Gabriel, from Umpqua River,
via Eureka; schr Nokomls, from Grays Har-
Arrived Jan 10—Schr Honolpu, from Port
land: bktn James Johnson, from Portland
REDONDO—SaiIed Jan 10—Stmr Bee, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 10—Stmr Santa Barbara, from
Sen Pedro; Vgchr W. F. Wltzemann, from
Gray? Harbor. I
MONTEREY—SaiIed Jan 10— Stmr Noyo,
for Port Harford.
BALLARD — Sailed Jan 10—Br ship Del
cairnle, for Adelaide, Aus.
SKATTLE—SaiIed Jan 10—Stmr Ramona,
for Skagway.
Arrived Jan 10. 3 p m—Stmr Santa Clara,
from Valdes; stmr Portland, from Valdes
ALCATRAZ LANDlNG—Arrived Jan o—Schr
Monterey, hence Jan 8, in tow tug Dauntless;
too roueh to load.
GRAYS HARBOR—Arrived Jan 10—Stmr
Olympic, hence Jan 7.
Sailed Jan o—Stmr Centralla, for San Fran
etsoo.
ASTORIA—SaiIed Jan 10—Schr Joseph Russ,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 9—Stmr G. W. Elder, from
San Francisco; schr Ethel Zane, from San
Pedro. Jan 10—Stmr Abrrdeen, hence Jan 7. ,
TATOOSH—Passed in Jan 10—Stmr Shasta,
hence Jan 7. for Bellingham.
FORT BRAGG—Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Na
clonal City, hence Jan 9.
PORT HARFORD Sailed Jan 10, 3 p m—
Stmr Coos Bay, for San Francisco.
ISLAND POjRTS.
HONOLULU—SaiIed Jan 9—U S stmr \
Thomas, for Manila.
EASTERN PORTS.
BOSTON —Arrived Jan 10— Br stmr Heath
glen, from Hiogo.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SANTANDER —Arrived Jan s—Span stmr ■
Isla de Luzon, from Liverpool, for Manila
TENF.RIFFE—Arrived Dec 24—Ger stmr
Luxor, trom Hamburg, for San Francisco.
CORONEL— Arrived Dec 25—Ger etmr Ser
apis from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
Sailed Dec 29— Br stmr St. George, for New :
York.
COLOMBO —Sailed Dec 23— Br stmr Tele
machus, for London.
YOKOHAMA —Sailed Jan 6 —Br stmr Athe
nian, for Vancouver.
QV ATEMALA—SaiIed Dec 24—Ger stmr
Amnion, for Hamburg.
HAMBURG —Sailed Jan 6—Ger bark Optima,
for Santa Rosalia.
SAN BENlTO—Sailed Jan B—Ger8 —Ger stmr As
suan, for San Francisco,
NEWCASTLE, Aus—Arrived prior Jan 10—
Br ship Galgate, hence Nov 16.
SYDNEY—Arrived prior Jan 10—Schr W. H. '
Talbot, from Chemalnue.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Jan o—Stmr Peru, tor
San Francisco. Jan 10—Stmr San Jose, for
Ancon.
AUCKLAND —Arrived Jan 10, 2 a m—Stmr
Ventura, hence Dec 23.
Sailed Jan 6. 6 p m—Stmr Sonoma, for San
Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MANCHESTER—Arrived Jan 9—Stmr Cale
donian from Boston, via Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL—Arrived Jan 10—Stmr lonian
from St. John, via Movllle.
ANTWERP—Arrived Jan 10—Stmr Vader
land. from New York, via Dover.
NAPLES —Sailed Jan 10—Stmr Neapolitan
Prince, for New York.
BREMEN—Arrived Jan 10—Stmr Frankfurt
from New York; stmr Kaiser Wllhelm der
Grosse. from New York, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg.
MOVILLE —Arrived Jan 10—Stmr Ethiopia
for Glasgow, and proceeded.
PORT SAlD—Sailed Jan 8— Stmr Tele
machus, from Tacoma and Victoria. B. C,
via Yokohama, Hiogo and Hongkong, for Liver
pool. •
NEW YORK—Arrived Jan 10—Stmr Kron
prinz Wilhelm. from Bremen, Southampton
and Cherbourg; stmr Manuel Calvo, from
SAILORS STRIKE
DURING A GALE
Refuse to Save the Lakme!
Unless Guaranteed More
Pay From Vessel's Owners
CREW MUTINIES ON BAR
'Captain Carlson Forced to
Use Much Diplomacy in!
Order to Rescue His Ship
A strike of sailors when the vessel on
which they were employed was in im
minent danger of destruction was a
novel phase of the labor question
brought to light yesterday during the
investigation into the disabling of the
steam schooner Lakme. On January
1, shortly after 8 o'clock in the morn
ing, as the Lakme was crossing Hum
boldt bar, she struck the south spit
of black spar buoy No. 1, losing her
rudder and disabling her engines. The
vessel listed heavily and lost a portion
of her deck load by the heavy seas that
dashed over her, causing her stout tim
bers to quiver as though she were
about to go to pieces. At this junc
ture Captain John VV. Carlson, master
of the Lakme, ordered the crew to
jettison some of the remaining deck
load in order to right the vessel. To
his astonishment and indignation the
sailors went on strike. They refused
to lift a hand unless the captain would
agree to pay them overtime. Captain
Carlson, by the exercise of diplomacy
and cajolery, succeeded in inducing
them to save the vessel and to end the
strike.
The captain told Unifed States Local
Inspectors Bolles and Bulger that all
the crew were foreigners and that there
was not an American among them.
The situation becoming very critical,
the crew were transferred to the tug
Ranger, which attempted to tow the
disabled Lakme into port, but the haw
ser parted. Captain Carlson ordered
the crew to go off in the small boats,
recover the hawser and make fast.
They mutinied again and refused to
perform this duty. Finally, with the
assistance of the Ranger and the
steamer North Fork, the Lakme was.
towed into this port badly damaged.
NORWEGIAN SOCIETY WILL
HOLD SINGING FESTIVAL
First Anniversary will Be Celebrated
at Turn Vcrcin Hall Next
1 , Saturday.
The Norwegian Singing Society of >
, Bar. Francisco will celebrate its first
anniversary since its reorganization on
| Saturday evening, January 14, at Turn
Vercin Hall, 353 Turk street.
Frequent and spirited rehearsals
! have been held by the society, under
j the direction of Professor S. Lintner,
!in anticipation of the occasion, and
in consequence thereof an excellent
' rendition of the many numbers can
.be expected. Ther will be two instru- j
' mental selections, a piano solo by Mrs. j
i Klitgaard and a violin solo by Mr. <
j Hartwig.
The Swedish Singing Society has
j volunteered to lend its assistance
I for the evening, and the combined
I choruses of the two societies should
i help to make up a programme far I
; more interesting than those given [
'. heretofore by any of the Scandinavian j
; singing societies.
| It is the aim of the society to arouse
and Deroetuate the interest of their
j countrymen in the songs and music of I
the fatherland, which have in the past
been sadly neglected.
The following committees have the
' affair in hand:
Reception committee—Klaus Olsen. |
chairman; Otto Ottersen and Anton
Lochin.
Floor committee —W. Jensen, man
! ager; B. Halversen, assistant.
FUGITIVE FROM JUSTICE
IN HANDS OF POLICE
Andrew Jackson Smith. Alias James
Guinn, Says He Is Wanted in Ver
mont for Burglary.
A middle-aged man who said his
name was Andrew Jackson Smith sur
prised Sergeant Brown at police head
quarters yesterday by informing him
that he was a fugitive from justice
and desired to surrender himself. The
sergeant took him into Captain Bur
nett, to whom the man told his story.
Smith said he had been convicted of
burglary in Woodstock. Vt., in 1885,
and sentenced to serve fifteen years in
the State's prison at Windsor. In 1887
he was transferred to an asylum at
Brattleboro, from which he made his
escape ten months later. He came to
this State and about four years ago
he was arrested in Madera, Montery
County, for burglary. He was
sentenced to serve four years in San
Quentin under the name of James
Guion and was discharged last month.
The records were examined and
Smith's statement as to serving four
years in San Quentin was verified.
Smith was taken to the City Prison
and the authorities at Brattleboro,
Vt., were notified by wire of his sur
render.
Steamship Men Incorporate.
Articles of incorporation were filed
yesterday by the Steamship Associa
tion of San Francisco, which an
nounces its purpose to promote and
protect ail interests connected with
American shipping on the Pacific
Coast; to maintain general headquar
ters; to provide a place and means for
just, fair, convenient and economic
employment of employes and to ad
vocate legislation for the betterment
of the industry. The capital stock of
the association is $100,000 and the in
corporators are Robert Dollar of San
Rafael, W. G. Tibbetts of Alameda, E.
A. Christenson of San Francisco,
George D. Gray of Oakland, J. R.
Hanify of Sausalito, C. R. Johnson of
Fort Bragg and Robert H. Swayne of
Alameda.
Shares in Whaler's Profits.
In Judge Hunt's court yesterday, a
jury awarded Philip D. Montgomery
judgment for $1500 against Horace P.
Smith as his rightful share In the
profits of trading with natives in the
far, north on a whaling cruise six years
ago. Smith was captain of a vessel
sent out by the Pacific Steam Whaling
Company and Montgomery was the
ma£e. They had an agreement, as
they had on other cruises, to divide
the profits of their enterprise. The
cruise in question was. more profitable
than usual and the captain, who was
paid $3000, pocketed the whole
amount. The defendant is now in the
Arctic.
* *
Genoa, Naples, Barcelona and Cadiz; stmr
Blucher. from Hamburg".
Sailed Jan 10—Stmr Mesaba, for London;
nunr Armenian, for Liverpool.
Memoranda.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 9.—Bark Abby
Palmer, from Kaanapali, has been placed In
quarantine at Marcus Hook on account of one
case of beriberi.
EPPINGER GRAIN
FOR THE BANKS
Trial of Suit to Determine
Manner of Apportionment
Begins Before Murasky
WAREHOUSE CONFUSION
Diagrams and Evidence Of
fered to Show Impossibil
ity of Identifying Lots
The little pile of grain—3soo tons—in
the warehouse at Crockett, which was
all that the banks had to show for their
warehouse receipts for 37,500 tons of
wheat and barley given as security by
the Eppingers for loans of more than
a half million dollars, is now at issue
in Judge Murasky's court. True, the
grain has been sold, under an order of
court, and the $102,000 received for it
remains to be distributed among the
creditors, but there is disagreement as
to the manner of its apportionment.
The outcome of the present suit is
expected to determine whether it shall
be prorated among the banks in pro
portion to their claims, or given to
Henry Wadsworth, the Eppingers'
trustee in bankruptcy, for the benefit of
all the creditors of the firm, or given to
the banks according to the specific lots
on hand which were described in the
warehouse receipts. For instance,
Wells-Fargo's bank claimed 1000 tons
of the 3500 tons that remained, and
specified certain lots in the warehouse.
This would leave little for the dozen
other local and rural banks which
loaned their funds so lavishly, and it
is contended that it is imposlble to
identify the separate lots of grain de
scribed by the receipts because they
were moved from warehouse to ware
house, from gangway to gangway, and
new numbers were substituted for old
ones until all were commingled and
confused.
The suit is that of the Nevada Na
tional Bank against the other banks,
Eppinger & £0., the Pacific Warehouse
Company arm Henry Wadsworth, the
trustee. A dozen leading members of
the bar are participating and the case
for the plaintiff was presented by At
torney Frank H. Powers. The Nevada [
Bank's claim was for $49,500. It sued
for a determination of the respective !
rights.
The general sideaof the case was put !
forth yesterday—the fact that there
was a warehouse and that it contained
separate lots of grain variously desig
nated. This was explained with the ■
maps and diagrams used in the crim- I
inal trial of the Eppingers, and the cvi- I
dence of Qeorge W. Russell, who pre- j
pared them. Frank S. Mitchell, book- I
keeper for the Eppingers, under in- j
structions of the court, had prepared a
list of the various lots and their mark
tags and his testimony thereupon was
taken.
The trial of the case may last for !
three weeks and will be resumed to- i
day.
Complains He Was Robbed.
John Larkin, 308 Leavenworth I
street, was found asleep in a doorway j
on Harrison street, near Third, short
ly after midnight yesterday morning |
by Sergeant McGovern and Policeman
Small. They awakened him and he
walked away toward Fourth street, f*
About an hour later he met Police
men Clancv and Small and told them
he had fallen asleep in a doorway and
had been robbed of a purse contain- i
ing $140. He had no recollection of J
being awakened by the sergeant and
Small. He said the last thing he re- !
membered was drinking in a saloon j
at Kearny street and Montgomery aye- !
nue with "Jack" O'Connell, a baseball j
umpire.
Geber's Trial Proceeding.
The jury to try the case of August :
Geber, charged with the murder of i
Charles Hartmann, at 321 Third 1
street, on July 10, was completed in I
Judge Dunne's court yesterday morn- !
ing. Assistant' District Attorney j
Whiting made the opening statement,
and the trial proceeded. The wit
nesses examined were Corporal George
Russeli of the Police Department, Dr.
John J. Kingwell. George Hartmann*
and Susannah Hartmann, father and
mother of the murdered man, and P.
Ploner. Their evidence was the same
as at the preliminary examination.
Geber seems to take no interest what
ever in the proceedings.
! AJJ VEKI TS.
HEADACHE
"My father had been * sufferer frcm sick headache
for the last twenty-five yeara and never found any
relief until he began taking yonr Casearets. Since
he haa began taking Casearets ho ha* never had
the headache. They have entirely cured him.
Casearets do what you recommend them to do. I
will give you the privilege of using his same."
E.M. Dickson, 1120 ReainerSt. : W.lndianapoUa, Ind.
AT The Bowels
can tp/ CATM*jrnc
Pleasant. Palatable, Pot«nt. T*st« Good, Do Good,
I Never Sicken, Weaken or Hripe. 10c. 2So. SOc. Never
! Bold in bulk. Tho genuine tablet stnmped CCC.
Quaruntoed to cure or your money back.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 598
%W A * % SIM- ifi mm \\m boxes
(5 visit DR. JORDAN'S great tf
MIUSEUi OF ANATOMYI
A iciiiutir. St. tr.. .tUTta, :.ron. A
1 \ Sj rhc Earc«< Anatomical Musaiua in lat _
nr **<Vwvt orl< '- Weakness** or any cuairaci'i A
X F i ftW di»t»-,e B>»»»«l»«-'r i.jr th« alde.i _
I O AfsSJl 1 '" 00 tn « tout Hit. 36 yertit. Q
DS * •-•OROAH-O'SIASIS OF MEN r)
! \ s SrHaTt-l Con«ltaM*c frte and $»rlctl» private. \
G U tIl D Traarnienl per-oxuiiy or b» lett.r. A
\I W w I '»•»«*•• Own in rrarjr case undertaken. T
AF II HA Wrue r<v p c,k pmi.«*«»i's»v «r/i
■v• jj J™ ■AatßtiAaat. mailed raaa, fAr
A tf t> »*iuabie book far mm) \
y
BAJA CALIFORNIA |
Damiana Bitters
k S A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA
* tor and Nervine.
The moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER, AXFS & BRUNE. Agents.
32a Market st., S. F.—(Send for Circulars.)
a Dr. Gibfton'B Dispensary,
6129 KEABNT «T. Established
in 1534 for the treatment of l'rlv»»te
Dlseßses, Ixmt Mantiood. Dehlllty or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diaensea The Doctor cores when
others fab. Try him. I'liargea low.
fnrr»gunraiilff«l. Call or Write.
IBDOH, Man Fraxytfaco. Cat
ADVERTISEMENTS. I
■j
Heat your
office at*
once
I i
This weather causes pneu
monia, grippe, colds, etc If
your stenographer, book
keeper or clerk gets sick, lays
off for one day, it loses more
money for you than a dozen
heaters cost. Then, too, how
about yourself? Isn't your
own health of some value t
We can warm any office,
>tore or house quickly
and economically with
GAS
Phone Exchange 6 for
our expert. Don't wait
to write. Quick action
our style.
THE QAS COMPANY
415 Post, St.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUARANTEES CUHJG FOB MSI.
HARMLESS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
cases in a few days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. NO OTHEB TEEATOTiiT
REQUIRED. Prevents and Cures Stric
tures. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
F. S. XSUTB PHARMACY. 102 Eddy.
OCEAN TRAVEL. j
y£?r Steamers ot company, or '
tor which It is agent, leave
fgly' Piers 9 and 11, San Fran
! I 1 I For Ketchikan. Wrangei.
I V \WAi I Juneau > Treadwell, Haines
\*iV \» Vttl Skaguay, etc., Alaska —11 a I
m -. J * n - 6, 10 . 16. 20. 25, 30.
\£ej£2Sf%r Feb. 4. Change to this com- j
pany's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver, Port Townsend.
Seattle, Tacoma. Everett. South Belllngnair.
Bellingham—ll a. m., Jan. 5. 10, 18, 20. 28. .10. j
Feb 4. Change at Seattle to this company* '
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Seattl*
at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to I
C. P. R>.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:89
p. m., Jan. 5. 11. 17. 23, 29. Feb. 4. Corona
1:30 p. m.. Jan. 2, 8, 14, 20, 2fl, Feb. L
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Rtdondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara— '
Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Ea«t 1
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon- \
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San i
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9am.. Jan. 6, 14. 22, 30. Feb. 7. ;
Santa Cruz (freight only), 9 a. m., Jan. 2.
1* 18. 26.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia. |
Guayma* <Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each month
For further information obtain folder. Right |
lis reserved to change steamers or sailing dates i
TICKET OFFICES—4 New Montjrom
try st.(Palace Hotel). 10 Market st., and Broad- I
way wharves. Freight Office, 10 Mark»t st. j
C. D. DtTNANN. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St., will i
call for and check baggaare from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 317.
oceaßKs.s.ct.E«^?r?"
S S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland '
and Sydney. Thurs.. Jan. 12. 1005, 2 p. m.
S 8. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Jan. 21. 11 am
8. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Feb. 7, 11 a. m.
j.D. EPBELKELS & BROS. COL, AZtfc. Ticket CfflCS 5» tfr
Iti figgM omcs 327 Matter st. Pier % Pacifl;
COSMOS LINE, RAN FRANCISCO.
PASSENGER SERVICE.
Steamship "AMASIS" will sail from San !
Francisco, February 2, 1905. for Europe, via
ports on the west coast of Mexico, Central and
South America. Steamship "ASST'AN" will I
sail February 18. 1005. For rates and accom- j
modatlons apply to LENDAL M. GRAY, Man
ager. 329 Market street.
CO5 FAGNIE 0K"-ER\LF TRANSATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE—Part*. jf*aw
Sallin« every Thursday instead' of
Saturday, at 10 a.m., from Pier 42, ''
North Riv*r. foot of Morton at.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec
ond class to Hp.vre. JUS and upward. GEN
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATEB AND
i'ANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York J. F. FI'GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco, ■
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
For U. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
Strs General Frisble, Monticello and Arrow :
9:45 a.m., 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m., 6 p.m., 8:30
p.m.; Sundays, 0:45 a_m., 12:30 noon, 6 p.m.,
8:30 p.m. Leave Vallejo, 7 a.m., fl a.m., 12:30
p.m.. 3:15 p.m. (»5:46 p.m. Saturday), 6 p.m.
Sundays, 7 a.m., 9 a.m., 3:20 p.m., 6 p.m. Pier
2. foot Mission st.; phone Main 1508. HATCH
PROS. i
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
|c A LIFQ R NIALI m7t EDM
|CHICAGO T |N 3 DAYS I
H LEAVES DAILY ATftSOA M.I
HI with oiise.wsahosieePeßcM
Other Santa Fe Trains:
7:30 a. m. I
9 -.30 a. m. } For Stockton Fresno, Bakersjfleld,
8:00 p. m. J Merced. Hanford and Viaalla.
4:00 p.m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices—o4l Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak
land. Cal.; also 27 South Ist. San Jose.
CAZADERO, Etc.
Tta Saasallto Ferry ;
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from ban Francisco, daily, at 17:08,
7 46 8:25, 9:50. 11:00 a m.; 12:80, 1:44
8:16* 4136. 5:15. 6:50. 6:30, 7:18. 10:18 and
11:35 P- m. •
Arrive at San Franclaco dally, at tfl:4o,
7 35 8:15. 8:50, 9:35. 10:50 a. m.; 12:10, 1:30
•I 'M. 4-26. 6:05. 5:42, 6:22, 6:87. 7:40 and ll:x4
P tDally except Sunday.
Per Fairfax dally, at 7:45 a. m.: also Satur
days at 3:16 p. m.. and dally except Saturday
and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. 1
7:48 m. daily—Caxadero and way stations
8:18 p. m.. Saturdays only—For Caamdero,
•tc
f :1B p. m. dally, except Saturday and Sun
day for Tomales, etc.
TICKET OFFICE—«BO Market a*.
FERRY—Union Deoot. foot of Market a*.
I _ RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Ttmtee lea*** mm* mm* «mm
to arri to at
LUaSz) BAN FRANCISCXX.
FsziT Dm*
\JS (Foot of Market Street.)
- MAIN LINE. '
7Ma V**e*vllle, Winters, Kumsey 7 50*
7.00 a Benlcla, Blmlra and Sacramento.. 7.20P
7 30* Vallejo. Napa, Callstoga, Boat*
Rosa, Martinez, Baa Kunco 8 20*
7 30a Ntl«a.Trv.y. Lathrop, Stockton.... 7.20*
0 00a Shasta Express — (Tta Darts).
WtniaaM, willows, trmtc. Red
Bluff. Portland/ Tacoma, Seattle 7.99*
• 00a Darts, Wood l*nd. Knights Landing,
Marysvtlle, Orovllle / Mat
8-30 a Martinez, Anitock Byron, Tracy.
Stockton. Newman, Los Baaos,
Mendata. Armoaa, Has ford.
Vlsaita. Portervllle... 4.2 fa»
Ml* Port Costa. Mod eat 0, Merced.
Fresno. Goshen Junction, Han*
•,. fOT *- Bakers aeld 4.M*»
■■30a Niles, San Jose, Llrermore, Stock
ton. (tMilton). lone, Sacramento.
... Marysrllle, Cbtco. Bed B)u« .... 420»
1 30a Oakdale. Chinas*, Jamestown, So
nor*. Tuolumne and Angela *"?5*
8 00a Atlantic Express— Ogdensnd Bast. I fO*
8 30a Richmond, Martinez and Way _
Stations HP
10 00a The Overland Limited —wk
Omaha, Chicago, Dearer, Kaaaaa
City. St. Louis „ • 20»
10.00 a Vallejo. .. 1120*
10.00 a Lot Angeles Passenger — Port
Costa, Martinez, Byron, Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton, Merced,
Raymond. Fresno. Ooshen Junc
tion. Hanford. Lemoore, Viaalla, _
Bakerafleld. Los Angeles 7 20*
12 00m Hay ward. Niles and Way Stations. 3 20p
11 .OOP Saerimea W River Steamers Tl1.00*»
5-SOP Bealcia, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Mftrrsvllls. OroTllls and way
stations 10 B0»
»PH*/w»rd.Nlisa and Way Station*.. 7.i0»
p Fort Costa, Martinez, Bvrou,Tr»cy,
Lathrop, Stockton. Modesto,
- Merced, Berenda, Fresno and
Way Stations beyoad Port Costa 12 28»
d MP Marll«ez.e»n Ramon,VallsJo.Naps- _
Callatoga, Santa Rosa. ... 8 20*
4 OOP Nllea. Tracy, Stockton 10 20*
4 J0» Hay ward, Hlles. Irrtngton, Baal t8 50*
Jose. LlTsrmors I tl 1.&0*
Mos>Th« Owl Limited—Ncwvaaa, Los
Banos. Mendota. Fresno. Tatar*,
Bskarsflsld. Los Angslas. _ 8.50 a
If SOp Hay ward, Niles and San Jose 7 20*
I.OOp Hayward. Niles and San Joss » sd*
tXidP Eastern Express -Omaha, Chicago,
Dfcnrer. aansas City, St. Lou!*.
Martina*, Stockton. Sacramento,
C'sffax. Reno, Bparka. MonteUo,
Ogdea {2.80»
4.00P Vallejo. dally, exoept Sunday.... I T M
7410P Vallejo, Sunday only f
7 JJOP Richmond. San Pablo, Port Costa,
Martinet and Wsy Buttons 11.20 a
?4BPReao Passenger—fort Costa. Bs
nlcta, Suisun, Klmlra, Dixon,
■ Davis. Sacramento, Sparks. Ton*
pah. Eeeler and War Stations... /BO*
•J6> Oregon 4) California Exprsss—Bao
tamaato. Marysvllls, Redding,
Portlsßd. Paget Boaad and East. 8 60*
4.10p Bay ward, Nile, and Baa Joss (Sua
-1 day only) 11-60*)
COASTLINE (Narrow tUage).
(Foot el Mar/et Street.) . T
i-16A Newark. Osntervltle, Baa Jose,
Feltoa, Boulder Crsek, BanU
Cruz and Way Station* .......... S Ms*
IB.lw* Newark. Centervllle San Joss.
New Almaden. Los datos,Feltoa.
Roulder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations ttOM*
d lßp Newark. Baa Jose, Los Gatos...-j
I «4LM*> Hunters' Train (Saturday only)—
! 8»n Joss and Way Stations <7-260
! COAST LINE (Bread Usage).
; jg" (Third and Tovrnsend Streets.)
•■loa San Joae and Way Stations. I 300
7 00a San Jose and Way Stations 6 40*)
■ 00a New Almaden (Tues., Frld., only). 410»
• 00a The Coaster—San Jose, B*Haas,
Baa Ardo, P*ao Robies, Sana*
Margarita, Ban Lais Obispo,
(Guadalupe, Gavtota. Santa Bar
bara, Ban Buenaventura. Mod*
Ulvo, Oxnard, Burbank. Los
Angeles 10 SRo
SjMa Ollroy, Holllster, Castroviue, Del
Monte. Pacific Grove, Surf, Lonv
poc 10-Stw
I,ooa 6an Jose. Tres Pinoa.Watsonvllla,
Capltoio. Sanu Cruz. Paclfle
Grove. Salinas. San Luis Obispo
aad Principal Way Station*. .4>lB*>
10 30a San Joa* and Way Stations 1.20*
11 80a San Joas sad Way Stations 7.SOp
516p Sau Jose and Way Statioaa ... .... t-M*
KliP Del Mont* Kxpreas—Sant* Clara,
San Joa*. Watsonvlile, Santa
Cruz. Del Mont*. Monterey,
Pacific Grove 12 Up
IS-00P Los Gatos, Wright. Boulder Creek.
Santa Crnz, vl* Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge tlO-46*
IMP Valencia St.. South San Francisco,
Burllugame. San Jose, GUroy.
Hoi lister, Tros Pinos 10 45*
4 SOp B *n Jnse and Way Stations t8 00*
Santa Clara, San Jo*e. Los Gatos,
•ad prtaclpai Way Stations (ex
cept Sunday) '8 00*
IS-30p San jose*ndPrinclp«lWayBt*tlons (t 40*
i S 44P Bunset Express.—Redwood. San
Joae,Gtlroy.Sallnas,Paso Koblea,
San l.uls Obispo, Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles, Oemlng. El Paso,
ot.Louis. New Orleans, NewTork 810*
|.45p Pajnro, Watsonvlile. t'a pi tola,
oaitta Cruz. CastrovlUs, Del
Monte. Pacific Groi c 10 30*
Tf.lfP t*t. Mateo,Bcresford.llflnoont,B*n
Carlo*. Itedwood. Fair Oaks.
Msnlo Park. Palo Alto t6 48*
6 SOp Ban Joae and Way Stations 6.36*
8 Lop Paio Alto aud Way Stations 10.16*
11 .SOp South San Francisco. Mlllbrss, Bnr-
Uagaiue, San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carloa, Redwood, Fair Oaks, '
Mrnlo Park, and Palo Alto rf.46*
oiliOP Maylield, Mountain View, Sunny
\ vale, Lawrence, Bant* Clara aad
Bun Jose tt.4l>
I A tor Morning. P for Afternoon.
I ISnnday excepted t Sunday oaly
<■ Saturday only. * Monday oajp,
{Bloos at all stations on Sunday.
' CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL
WEEK DAYS—7: JO. 9:00. lt:UO a. a*,; U:~Z.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thuradays—Extra trip
! at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 1:60 and 11:30 p. m.
; SUNDAYS—B:OO. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5 00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
! SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
' WEEK DAYS—O:O6, 7:35, 7:5 V. j M, U:id,
! a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 2:06 and «:36 p. m.
SUNDAYS —8:00, «;40. 11:15 a, m.; 1:40, 3:40,
4:05. 6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave | In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. I Oct. 2. 1904. | San Fran.
i Week I Sun- I Dsatlna- 1 Sun- 1 Week
Days. I days I tlon. I days. I Days.
1 7:80 a^i a 19:10 a: 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignacio. 10:40 a; 10:20 a
8:80 p 3 30 p 6:05 p| 6: J0 p
5:10 p 5:00H 7 :85 p|
7:30 a ■ ' 9:10 a B:M>a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 *
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 k
j 8:10 p 3:30 p and 7:88 p
500 p Santa Rosa.
7 30 a 10:40aJ10:20 a
B.ooa Fultcn. 7:35 p 6:2ofp
8:30 p 3:30 p I
Windsor,
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a[10:20 m
Lytton. 1
8:30 p 1:30 p Geyservllle, 7:35 pi 6:20 p
Cloverdale. I
TsOal 8:00"a7 Hcpland jlO T 4O a]io:2o a
3:30 p| 8:30 p| and Uklah. L^l B *.?', P -
I I WlTllU and I _ _ 1 J.
1 7:80 af 8:00 af ■; Sherwood. ( 7:38 p| 0:20 p
i "7:80 al 8:00 al \ L i£i*]i l £& *
S;3O p| 3:30 p( Guemevllle. | 7:35 p| 0:20 P
1 ~?lso"aT8":00 al Sonoma. I 8:10 aj 8:40 a
8:10 p! 5:00 pj Oler. Ellen. \ 6:05 pi 6:20 p
"TsOal 8 00 al 110:40 aj10.20 a
8:30 pi 3:30 pj Bebastopol. | 7:88 p| 6 .20 p
' STAGES connect at Qrean Brae for San
Ouentin at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Borings anJ Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggi
, Borings- at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone
-1 vllle and Greenwood: ft Hopland for Duncan
I Snrings, Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle Carls
bidSprings. Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
Korings and, Lake County Hot Springs: at
fiviah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
UoDer Lahe. Porno, Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside, Lrerly'J, BucknelPs. Sanhedrlu
HelJthts, Hullvllle. Orfs Hot Springs. Halfway
Sous*. Comptche, Htpkins, Mendocino City.
Fort Bragg, West port and Usal; at WUllta for
Fort Bragg, Hearst and Sawyers; sxt Sherwood
lor Cabto. Covelo, Laytcnvllie, *Cummln|»,
Bell's Springs. Harrl*. Hubbard. Frultland.
Dyer, Garhervllle, Camp 5. Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re
duced rates.
On Sunday—Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond .San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen Pass Agt.
Mt, Tamalpais Railway
" Iv. San 7r*auac» | I Ar. Lan Fractiica
ft Days SsadajT afW^Wj^'"gandays ' Wt. Days"
_ 8:25 a WSHHai l:30r «10:50 a
9:50 a »:50a »S 2:55p *:55r
i'l'dSr' l':4sr g-ggp
Satarlari d:3sr SaterdaTi ll:13r
•TkOrarity Car V Ml bu»*i*au taKlUTaasy
TieilT l6soMAßKaTST.,(NorthShoreßailrocd)
•IfiOß } aad Sausauto Faaav. Foot Market Si.
THE WEEKLY CALL
tsl per Year.
1112
FREE—ALARGE BOX OF THE N CWCSTCON rECTION,
JOHN D. SPRECKEJLS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN McXACGHT Manager
. .Business Manager
TELEPHONE,
ftsk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con
nect You with the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third, S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carrier. 20 Cts. Per ,We» k . 73
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 <-*■•„.
Terms by Mall Including Postage (Cash Witn
Order):
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday). 1 year.. .sß.oo
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday). 6 mos... 4.00
DAILY CALL—By Single Month <5c
SUNDAY CALL, 1 Year
.WEEKLY CALL, 1 Year
n-nwtrTGN "1 Daily.. .SB.BO Per Year Extra
V Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. J Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Pample Copies will be forwarded when re
quested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of ad
dress should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re
quest.
O A ELAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
#148 Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
PAMUEL W. WALL Foat Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
jtJnion Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building.
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.' )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT.
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 P. m.
627 Montgomery atreet, corner Clay; open until
9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«15 Larkin street; open until 9:80 p. m.
1941 M'.ssion street; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. ni.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
iA STATED aesslon of Islam ~-^=rf
Temple. A. A. O N. M. S., jSqfK^
will be held in Golden Gate iST
Hall. 825 Sutter St., on ./"PfflSv
"WEDNESDAY. January 11, at A^B^TN
8 o'clock p. m. Installation of \if \j
officers, reception of petitions \JI m
and' general business. By or
der of the Potentate.
J. W. ANDERSON. Recorder.
MOUNT MORI AH Lodge No. 44, F. and •
A. M.—Called meeting THIS (WED- W
NESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
First Degree.
THEO. FROLICH, SecreUry.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. a
M — First Degree THIS (WEDNBS- W
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock- By />fN
order of tbe W. M. f
R. H. McPHERSON, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. oa
M.—First Degree THIS (WEDNES- VV
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V>
H. J. OWEN, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M st
Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- VVf
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. />r\
First Degree. R. E. ALLAN. Sec.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. a
and A. M.. 1539 Fillmore street— 'V'af
First Degree THIS (WEDNESDAY) /V\
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
FARNSWORTH Lodge No. 95, L riiflMf-'tr-
O. O. F - Installation of officers
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN-
ING. January 11, Welcome Hall, '"wn"'
Visiting and sojourning brothers welcome.
DR. J. C. NEWTON, N. G.
G. A. BURMAN. R. B.
FOR Auld Lang Syne—The St. An- v «y v.
Drews" Society will celebrate the J% \f!yjv
146 th anniversary of the birth of
ROBERT BURNS on WEDNES- .
DAY EVENING, January 25, at Scottish
Hall Larkin st. An excellent musical and
literary programme, followed by a social
dance. ,
THE 13th Anniversary Ball of the tatS
Croatian Benevolent Society. 'WBEBk
Zvonlmir No. 61, N. C. S., will V'JCgl
take olace at Native Sons' Hall m \fQfA
on WEDNESDAY EVENING,
Jan. 11. Members and friends are *
Invited to attend. COMMITTEE.
(THE annual meeting of the Association of the
Hospital for Children and Training School
for Nurses will be held at the hospital on
THURSDAY, Jan. 12, 1905, at 2 p. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
for the ensuing year and for any other busi
ness that may come before the meeting.
HARRIET G. HOLMES, Recording Sec.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by hydraulic
process from F. C. Barnum in American
House mine, near American House, Plumas
County, Cal., draining Into dry ravine which
reaches Valley Creek and South Fork of
Feather River, and from Harry Johns and
C. F. Cowan, in Spring Hill Mine, near So
nora, Tuolumne County, Cal., draining into
Woods Creek, which reaches Tuolumne Riv
er, gives notice that a meeting to receive
any protests will be held at room 68, Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., Jan. 23, 19C5
at 1:30 p. m.
■TTOCKHOLDERS' meeting (annual)—To the
stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany : Please take notice that the annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Oceanic
Steamship Company will be held at the
principal office of the company (i. c.. :-,27
Market st.. room 4, second floor), in the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cali
fornia, on SATURDAY, the 21st day of
January, A. D., 1905. at 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of electing directors and for
the transaction of such other business as
may properly come before the meeting. The
stock transfer books of the company will be
closed ten (10) days prior to said day of
meeting. By order of the board of director.
H. W. THOMAS, Secretary Oceanic
Steamship Company, 327 Market St.. San
Francisco, Cal.
San Francisco, January 5, 1908.
SPECIAL MEETING—A speclat meeting of
the stockholders of the Pajaro Valley Con
solidated Railroad Company will be held at
the office of the company. 327 Market street
San Francisco, on TUESDAY, the 17th' day
of January, 181)5, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting. The transfer
books of the company will close on Friday
January 13, 1905, at 3 p. m. By order of
the president. W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL SHEETING—The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 126 Stockton st.. at 12 o'clock
noon, on WEDNESDAY, the 11th day of
January. 1905, for the election of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and for the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting
PELHAM W. AMEB. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the Golden Gate Kln
dergarten Association for the election of di
rectors will be held at 560 Union st on
MONDAY, January 16, at 10 a m.
VIRGINIA FITCH. President
JESSEY DORR. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best In America—The Weekly
Tall. 10 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for (1,
postage paid.
ASTHMA CURE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly
10c. 25c. 50c. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas, also
Wtsbsrt Tenth and Washington, Oakland.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
CHILDREN to board. S!OA Natoma st.
ONE or two children boarded; would room
parents. 5/2 Jessie St.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE free in all legal matters; private
divorces a specialty, quick, quiet, no pay
unless divorce is granted; collections made;
partnership bill of sale, wills, deeds, etc.,
drawn. Open evenings by request. Estab
lished 22 years. G. W, HOWE, 1122 Market.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-law, Exam. bldg..
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 20
years; all courts, general court and office
practice; no fees in advance or for consulta
tion; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free; legal divorce, costs $12; all law
cases handled; no fee in advance; open Sat
urday evenings; other evenings by appoint
ment; call and save money. 819 Market.
A A—Divorce; costs $12;qulck.qulet:advlce free;
all law business; no charge unless successful;
open evenings. 927 Market st., room 301.
L S. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304; consulta
tion free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
JOHN GUIDERY. attorney-at-law, rooms 3
and 4, 240 Montgomery st.; phone Red 6617.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A—ssoo; DELICATESSEN stand In leading
market; rent $25; stand does a good paying
business; value In sight. Call R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st.
A—s3ooo; CORNER saloon on Sixth St.; place
doing a good paying business; estab. years;
lease; a first-class business proposition. For)
particulars see R. G. WILKE, 26 % Kearny, j
A—SISOO; BAKERY in lively town, 30 miles (
from S. F.; rent $27; 4 years' lease; baking
2 barrels per day; 3 horses, 2 wagons; large |
store trade. Particulate R, G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny at. "
A—$800: OYSTER and chop house, close to
Market and 7th sts.; rent $29; good business;
owner roust sell this place or his other
oyster and chop bouse on Montgomery aye.;
price $450; rent $16; come investigate and
take your choice. R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny at.
A—s6so; SALOON on 4th st.. close to Market;
a good business, worth at least $1000. Par
ticulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—sl2oo; ROADHOUSE; 4 furnished rooms;
rent $16; lease; shuffleboard; place estab
lished many years; best location on San Ma
teo road Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—s22oo; CORNER saloon on California at.: i
rent $75; old established business and good
paying place: fine fixtures: large stock; a I
bargain. Call R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny. |
A—sl2oo; FRUIT and produce stand in leading
market; doing a business of $100 per day; 3
horses, 2 wagons; a splendid offer and rare
chance. Call R. Q. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—$800; RESTAURANT and chophouse; close
to 2 carhouses; 6 rooms; rent $33; established
years; doing a first-class business; Investi
gate; this is a good business and a bargain.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s4ooo; BAKERY and confectionery, estab
lished many years; baking 7 barrels per day;
6 horses wagons and buggy; one of the best
In this city. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—s3so; WELL established real estate office in
Napa Co.; office doing a good business; has
valuable contracts; clearing about $150; par
ticulars R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—ssoo; HARDWARE, locksmith and electri
cal repair shop; established 25 yearn; best
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A—$1800; SALOON on water front, close to
Market St.; net rent $120; place established
many year* and known as a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—s3soo; LIQUOR store, with B years' lease;
$2000 stock guaranteed; one block north of
Market; a very rare chance. Call on R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT and coffe* saloon;
dally receipts $50; rent $80; lease; place lo
cated dome to Market and a good business.
Call on R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A—$1000; HOTEL; a first-class paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen with 6-year >
lease; close to carhous* and other factories.
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT for aai* in the best
mining town in the State of Nevada; dally
receipts $150; opposite the round house; no
better paying proposition in Nevada. Fartlc
ulars R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s7ooo; BAKERY, one of the beat In city;
monthly sales $6000; splendid chance for two
partners; not all cash necessary. Particulars
see R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s2soo; HOTEL in Sonoma Co.; 20 fnrn.
rooms; dining and bar room, bus. 2 horses,
cow, etc., and 7 acres of land; 5 yeara' lease;
rent $50 or owner will sell whole property
for $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKD. 26%
Kearny st.
A—sl76o; CORNER grocery and bar, with B
living rooms, on Sacramento st.; 4% years'
lease; rent $46; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny at.
A—s23so; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi
ness; 3 horses. 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best location;
a good cash business. See R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st
A—$800; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es
tab. 20 years and known as a good busi
ness. See 20% Kearny st.
A—s24so; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash busi
ness; location can't be beat; value In sight.
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s26oo; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block from Examiner building; place estab
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE 26% Kearny st.
INVESTORS—Your attention U celled to the
stock of a corporation engaged In the manu
facture and sale of a hardware specialty
upon which a patent has been allowed, which
stock is for sale In amounts to suit. The ar
ticle is displacing other articles intended for
the same purpose now on the market on ac
count of Its simplicity, lightness and ease of
operation. A well known business man is at
the head of the enterprise, and the profits
which can be made In the business will allow
a good Income on the investment. Full par
ticulars at Sonntag's Patent Agency, 214
Pine st.; telephone Front 14. A full investi
gation solicited.
WESTERN REALTY CO. Open evenings.
1007% Market st. Phone Folsom 2046.
(160 —BARBER shop; 2 chairs; rent $20; good
trade. 1007% Market st.
$175 —PARTNER to take cash and assist in
reshaurant. 1007% Market at.
$600 —CANDY store and Icecream parlor on
Market st.; cheap rent; plenty of tools; large
trade; Al fixtures; sacrificed; leaving city.
WESTERN REALTY CO.. 1007% Market st.
TO INVESTORS.
WE HANDLE
High-class propositions only.
From $600 to $60,000.
Have dividend propositions paying all the
way from 5 to 20 per cent per annum.
Fullest investigation courted.
Call or write for particulars.
J. W. JAQUITH & CO..
James Flood building.
Rooms 874, 876 and 878; tel. John 2421.
BAY SHORE REALTY CO..
1206 Market st. Phone Mint 2988.
$326 —GOOD boarding-house; cheap rent; full
of steady boarders. Bay Shore Realty Co.
$2500— FIRST-CLASS 44-room lodging-house;
big money maker. . Bay Shore Realty Co.
$300—LADY with $300 to take charge of 20
-room lodging-house. Bay Shore Realty Co.
A 24-ROOMED apartment house In a choice
residence district for sale; the apartments
are rented all the time and clear over $90
month : Investigate this bargain. Bog
3104. Call office.
WANTED—Sober, Industrious young man who
can Invest some money and hold steady
position with reliable company; duties to
look after office and keep plain accounts.
Address box 3093. Call office.
$1600 —SALOON, stock and fixtures; fine loca
tion; good trade and cheap rent; long lease;
must be sold at once on account of sickness
GEORGE C. YOUNG, Petaluma. Cal.
FOR sale In Oakland—Hotel of 32 rooms- nice
ly and newly furnished; everything new and
up to date; part cash, balance easy terms
Box 3299. Call office. -=r__.
SMALL drug stock, with good fixtures, at your
own price; good location; low rent; must sell-
Investigate. 1743 Alcatraz aye., Berkeley. '
CORNER grocery and bar; north Market st -
receipts $60 a day; must sell by February l'
PAC. BUSINESS ASSN., 1148 Market st!
FOR SALE —A notion, cutlery and stationery
store, 19 Fourth st. city. See FRANK A.
VAIL, 741 Market st.
PARTY with $350 in light business; gooa
profit; light service required; A No. 1 hjiei
ness. Inquire 288 Fourth st., barber shop.
WANTED—Partner, vaudeville theater; well
located; doing big business. Particulars in
quire L, POX. 422 Golden Gate aye.
SALOON for sale In Point Richmond; good
traoe and everything complete. Address box
3099, Call office.
FOR sale—Account departure, cheap; paint
shop, complete. 288 O'Farrell; fruit store.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1905.
BUSINESS CHANCES—
A—CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds ot business chances.
Here lc an opportunity of getting one of the
best srrocerles and bars in city; fine transfer
corner; downtown and doing big business;
cheap rent; 5 years' lease; receipts average
$1800 to $2000 per month; never changed
hands; best of reasons for selling. CAM
ERON & CO.
Exchanges made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAM
ERON A CO., 3 Eddy st.
One of the best grocery and liquor stores; been
established for 20 years; doing fine business;
clearing $300 to $600 per month; owner has
made fortune and wishes to retire from busi
ness: good horse and wagon, with complete
stock, goes for $1800: fixtures worth price
asked: present owner there 8 years.
For sale—First-class bazaar and cigar busi
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rent:
fixtures and store up-to-date; established 17
years; fine new stock of goods; has never
changed hands; now clearing $360 and over
per month; best reason for selling; an op
portunity of a lifetime. SEE CAMERON
& CO.
For sale—Well furnished and equipped country
hotel; 59 rooms; rent only $150; ten-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through
out; about 50 miles from S. F.; fine, grow
j ing town; present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
' First-class saloon; downtown; two blocks from
j Market st., rent $75; well fitted up; receipts
$18 to $25 per day; must be sold on account
of other business; price. $1600. CAMERON
& CO.
First-class short order restaurant, downtown;
fittings new and up-to-date; receipts $75 to
$80 per day; fine opportunity to get Al prop
osition reasonable; best of reason for sell
ing. CAMERON & CO.
For sale—First-class downtown olgar store;
doing good business, but disagreement of
partners cause of CAMERON & CO.
For sale—Well located, 3-chalr barber shop
on Fillmore St.; rent $15; doing good busi
ness; old established stand; here is a chance
to get paying business for little money:
owner leaving city; price $300. CAMERON
I & CO.
WANTED—Energetic and thoroughly reliable
I man with $4000 to $6000 to Invest and take
| management of already established extensive
paying business; salary $150 monthly as
manager besides his share of profit*, which
easily will be $300 to $400 monthly; must be
able to give excellent references. For full
particulars see TONY LUBELSKI, Fischer's
Theater. S. F., or Tuesday evenings at Nov
elty Theater, Oakland, Cal.
FOR a good investment and salary combined in
a land and cattle company: also mining com
pany, or if you want Government land, see
me at once. Room 80, Golden West Hotel;
no false references given.
$7600 —GROCERY and bar (separate); promi
nent corner; immense stock; fine teams, etc.;
long lease; established 20 years; owner to re
tire; no agents. Apply P. O. box 2228.
A GOOD paying boarding-house and bar for
sale. Apply to Washington Hotel, 14 Wash
ington st., near East.f
LIQUOR store and saloon: fine wine cellar;
good lease; good corner. 2896 16th, cor.
Howard-
FOR sale—Half or whole Interest in a patent
revolving harrow which Is in demand; In
vestigate this. Box 1590, Call office. Oakland.
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good Call route in Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars,
14 OR 1-3 Interest new impd steam cylinder
and valve structure for atm. egnes. 8080 Call.
ARE you looking for a grocery and barT In
quire 725 Folsom st.; price right.
GROCERY and bar on Folsom st. for sal* for
, $1400. Address box 8406. Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A—CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1060;
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
Beautiful new building; grand entrance;
electric elevator, lights; steam heat; 80 light
and sunny rooms, elegantly furnished; spacious
halls, draperies and fittings of the best; where
you can have an exquisite home besides clear
ing 8300 per month above all expenses; close
in; cheap rent and long lease; this house Is
always full of best people; sickness causes
sale; exclusively with us.
-14-roora house, furnished in oak and mahog
any; good carpets; first-class location; all full
and clearing nice little salary every month;
you can get It for $600 cash.
Grand, new, modern apartment-house; beau
tiful building; elegantly furnished; good long
lease with cheap rent; only 16 minutes' walk
from Kearny st.; has 180 rooms and pays $500
to $600 per month; always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had If taken at once.
This Is a fine opportunity for some one with
$1000 cash to get 26 rooms well furnished in
oak and cherry; everything In first-class shape
and.clears $85 above all expenses; leaves 8
rooms for landlady; balance can be paid out
of house. /
For cale, 4 years' lease and business of 27
-room northeast corner house, well and com
pletely furnished and equipped boarding-bouse;
swollest location in city; full permanent, flrst
class people; on account of departure soon
opportunity is offered to start in business for
the small investment of $500.
Rare bargain can be got In a beautifully
furnished 100-room downtown house, carpets,
furniture and draperies of the best; building
and furnishings less than two years: electric
Vlevator, lights, steam heat; everything mod
ern and up-to-date; cheap rent; owner com
pelled to leave city on account of other busi
ness; bargain of a lifetime; exclusively.
Downtown 6-room upper flat, corner, all
sunny rooms; rent only $50; can get lease;
beautifully furnished and cost $1280; new less
than 1 year; big snap at $650.
High-grade family hotel on the hill; ele
gantly furnished; has 80 light and sunny
rooms; always full and clears a fine Income,
but sickness is only cause for being on the
market; good chance for some one to get pay
ing Investment at sacrifice.
Rare chance to get choice 7-room flat; rent,
including garbage and Janitor service, $40 per
month; furnished in mahogany and oak: best
body Brussels carpets; new 1 year and cost
$800 to furnish; will sell for $460 on account
of leaving city.
16 rooms well located on Eddy St.; rent only
$60; oak and cherry furniture; clears $76;
leaves 3 best rooms for landlady; everything
flrst-class condition;.*ere Is a fine home com
bined with nice little business; part down, bal
ance as you make It.
70-room country hotel; best Interior town In
State; barroom, 2 dining rooms and 6-room
cottage besides; rent $100 per month; can get
10 years" lease; brick building; everything fine
condition; fine business proposition.
Here is a nice little home of 12 well fur
nished rooms; rent only $60; where you can
clear $60 per month and have 2 best rooms;
Van Ness aye.; only $850.
24 beautifully furnished rooms; new house;
new furniture; modern and up-to-date; com
pleted less than 2 months; close in; sudden
Illness In family causes sole chanoe to get
brand new house as cheap as old one. Owner
sick In bed; rare opportunity.
Beautifully furnished 6-room modern flat;
new 6 months ago; rent only $25; fine location;
cost over $900; to be sold for $400; departure.
Choice 80-room downtown European hotel;
strictly flrst-class and thoroughly respectable;
every equipment; modern and up-to-date; al
ways full and clears $350 to $400 per month;
best reasons for selling; exclusively with us.
New. modern 8-room upper flat; choice loca
tion on Ellis: mahogany, blrdseye maple fur
niture; Axmlnster and velvet carpets; cost
$2200 to furnish; will be sold at one-half cost
on account of buying larger house.
We have a number of special bargains in
flats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern; can
be had for less than half cost to furnish;
must be sold, either account of sickness or
departure.
Have large list of real estate, hotels, room
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
205-ROOM lodging-house.
90-room apartment-house.
57-rooro lodging and apartment house.
64-room lodging-house.
60-room lodging-house.
Newly furnished and centrally located.
Apply 338-342 Post st.; no agents.
NEW FIRM—FISHER As CO.—NEW FIRM
Successors to Mitchell A Co. in rooming
houses, hotels and flats. James Flood bldg.,
Powell and Market; W. 430. Phone Main 3354.
LODGING-HOUSE. 28 rooms, for sale; rea
sonable; in good location. Address box 3505,
Call office.
ROOM ING -H OUSB, 8 rooms; Sixth and Te
hama sts. Apply 909 Mission st.
10 ROOMS and bath; cheap; good location;
low rent Income. 817 Post at
I.OPQT3TO-HOTTBES TOB SAX,* —Con.
Phone Main 3343. Money to Loan.
MARION GRIFFIN.
970 Market, cor. Powell; new Flood bid ,r. 801.
Free List Hotels and Rooming-Housea.
THOUGHTFUL PURCHASER,
we call your attention to 2
modern apartment houses of 70
and 180 rooms. Each Is a
profitable investment, which we
will absolutely prove to you if
you will call on u a and per
sonally Investigate.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 801,
New FLOOD Bldg.
YOUR check is good for $850;
you pay the other $850 in little
monthly payments. Furnish
ings are very fine, coet $2110;
profit $91 monthly. Eminently
respectable. Best furnished 21
-room house in San Francisco.
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room 801,
New FLOOD Bldg.
MAKE an offer; $90 clear
monthly; carefully examine this
80-room house; rent only $55;
rooms pay $6 per room; price
aeked, $1800; all housekeep
ing rooms; almost no work for
the landlady. Don't forget
that rent is almost nothing.
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room 801,
New Flood Bldg.,
No. 970 Market,
Corner of Powell.
PARDON us tor betas: plain
spoken. Only a person with a
good education and of a re
fined nature would succeed In
this 68-room house, partly fur
nished; Ions; lease, low rent.
Price $8500. Should clear $300
monthly.
MARION OHLVf IN,
Room 801.
New FLOOD Bid*-.
6UTTER-BT. bargains. Three
splendid propositions, and each
most beautifully furnished.
"With us exclusively; 30 rooms
for 82000; 40 rooms for $3000;
50 rooms for $4000* Easy terms
if desired.
MARION GRIFFIN,
970 Market St.,
Room 801.
ONLY $100 down and little pay
ments; 10 rooms; nice house on
Geary; clears $30.
MARION GRIFFIN,
R. 801. Flood Bids;..
Opposite "Emporium."
20 ROOMS; centrally located; rent $100 per
month; clearing $120 per month over ex
penses; furniture In flrst-class condition; will
sell at a bargain.
10 rooms; good location on Golden Gate
aye.; rent very low; furniture good: clears
$50 per month above expenses; see this; an
exceptional bargain.
J. W. JAQUITH & CO..
' James Flood building, room 878.
Roominß-Houses and Hotels For Sale.
H. C. DECKER 908 MARKET ST.
H. C. DECKER PHONE JOHN 631.
SQUARE DEALING —CL&AR TITLES.
Over 28 years selling houses la this city.
MONET TO LOAN ON ANT HOUSE.
See the following bargains:
20 rras.; transient $850
14 rms.; only $360 cash $750
19 rms.; rent $75; only $260 cash $750
24 rms.; all light and sunny; rent $80. .11400
28 rms.; Market-st. snap $2500
25 rms.; up-to-date hotel; swell location.s32oo
10-rm. house; new furniture $600
27 rms.; Post St.: transient $2000
12 rms.; $300 cash, balance payments.. .8600
24 rms.; clears $160; owner retiring.. .$l6OO
24 rms.; Market st.; sunny side $1400
60 rms.; new; modern; bargain $3500
15 rms.; new carpets, good furniture.. .$BOO
218 rms.; apartments; cost $25,000 $11,000
15 rms.; sunny corner; cost $1600 $1000
6 rms.; modem flat $400
14 rms.; nicely furnished: a gift at $780
10 rms.; corner; clears $40 a month $400
24 rms.; flne location; part cash $1600
46 rms.; hotel and bar; yours for $3000
See DECKER, hotel broker, 906 Market st.
LODOINO-HOUSES WAHT».__
WANTED—To purchase lodging-house; fur
nished; 18 rooms. Box 3004, Call.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
OPPORTUNITY
To Consult
RICHARD MAYO
At Reduced Charges.
Complete clairvoyant readings 50c this week.
No charge unless satisfactory.
You can be the Judge.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age, occupa
tion. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood
before you.
LOVE, COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs,
troubles, marriages, restores lost affections,
reunites the separated,settles lovers' quarrels.
TELLS YOU WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
And how to WIN the man or woman you
love and how to make your husband or wife
be true to you, and how to overcome all
•your enemies and how to make a person at
a distance think of you and how to DE
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM, THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS.
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable.
Ellis St.—42lA—Ellis st.
Hours—lo a. m. to 8 p. m. Private flat.
MME. LYNN,
The Eminent Clairvoyant—Psychic—Mystic.
Special Reduction This Week.
Readings 50c 60c 50c 50c 60c 50c 60c 60c 50c.
Wonderful, bewildering Is the work of Mme.
Lynn, whose readings are a revelation; advice
on love, marriage, courtship, business, mines;
also reunites the separated; gives secret power
to control any one In 21 days. She tells your
full name and what you want to know. All
business strictly confidential.
239 Powell st., near Geary.
Hours. 10 am. to 8 p. m.
MME. LANGE gives you advice by her genuine
Egyptian sympathy, palmistry, spiritualism
and crystal readings; has the magnetic mir
ror, the greatest secret of the world; tells by
cards; shows picture of future; come, con
vince yourself: 60c up: Sundays. 88 Turk st.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medium, reads your life cor
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs in life; never failed to give satls
faction; 26c up. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
with second sight; tells past, present, future;
ladles, 60c; gents by cards, $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings, $1 60. 303 Jones,nr. Eddy. J
LIVINGSTONE.
For reliable clairvoyant reading consult
LIVINGSTONE,
26% Kearny st.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market St., San Francisco. Office house—lo
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12: Wednes
day evening, 6to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS M. WILLE. 810 Ellis St.. clairvoyant,
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques
tion; names given; $1; hours, 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR.*young gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.: L. 60c,
Q. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
A—MRS. DR. F. CtTaRKE. the well-known
trance medium; readings dally; 10 to 5. 343
Geary st.
MME. KRONENBERG. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader: whan others fall try me; read
ings 26c. 102% y ßlxth st., near Mission.
MISS WARD. lAxr Market st., parlor 31, clal~
voyant. gives names, dates; take elevator.
MME. ELLA from New York, greatest card
reader In West; 26c and 60c. 1206 Market st.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings daily. 108 Bth st..room« i-2
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant, card reader and
teacup. 25c up. 222% Eddy st.. lower flat.
MRS. the well-known fortune
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
SPIRITUALISM.
PRACTICAL miner and psychic, wishing to
benefit the world, will locate mines free of
charge until they are developed. 265 Steven
son St. I
MRS. CRINDLE, materialising seance, Wed
nesday eve, 8 o'clock; 60c. 328 Ellis st.
A—MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
REMOVED—MRS. LESTER to 872 Mission st.;
dr. Mon., Fri.. 8 p.m.. 10c; read, dally, 50c.51.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium; 3568 17th
St.; readings 1 to 5; tel. Oapp 856.
PROF. FRED EVANS noted elate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
OABFET BEATINQ AND CLEANIKG.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING' S Pioneer Carpet-beat -
lng works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning W r orks. 1800 Har-'
I rison St.; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE
DORN A CO.; phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth St.—First-class
__carpet cleaning, 3c yard. TeL Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st 7;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM A CO., Props.
RUDOLPH A CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
CREDIT CIiQ THIERS.
C. F. ADAMS CO., 318 Mason st.-rOlothlng
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us and have it charged.
CEOTHXHO HEHOVATTjrO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; soourlng and
dyeing. Bon Marche, Examiner bldg., r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Colleotion Co., 415
Montgomery sf„ rooms 8-10. Tel. Main 5580.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate—The Whalebone —Cannot break;
warranted 20 yra.; crowns $3 50; fillings 60c;
plates, |6, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates 'are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from 88 per set; extracting, 60o; gas given.
GOLD fillings, 76c; silver. 86c: crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.H*>wltt,2o4 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dent Ist. r. 14,15t
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Set teeth, |1 60 up; crowns. $2 up; fillings, 250
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
MoDOWELL Dressmaking A Millinery Schoof—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1010 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATION AL.
A—THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col
leges. Is now In its twelfth year; the work Is
better than ever before; departments in Eng
lish literature, languages, mathematics, sci
ences, history, etc., are excellent; two of the
best teachers in California are in charge of
English and of mathematics; come and we
will prepare you well; references President
Jordan or any Stanford professor; day and
evening sessions. Phelan building.
AT 2 p. m. Mondays, Wednesdays and Thurs
days, classes in short-story writing and
journalism are taught at room 333, Phelan
bldg.; terms very moderate; Join these
classes; Instruction thorough; real and rapid
progress assured.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayree Business Col
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
150; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatlo
learning in America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post St., S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light • all graduates are getting posi
tions. 8. F. Business College, 738 Mission st.
ENGINEERING—CiviI, elec., mln.. mech., sur
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
ncr Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post at
Established 1863; largest in the West; an
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
DESIGN machines and structures by strength
materials and graphic statics; evenings;
mail. 20 Hartford st.
ALL Eng. and com. branches, $8 mo.; 47 les
sons Benn Pitman shorthand hold any posi
tion; mdiv. Instruct. West. 8u5.C01.,1281 Mkt.
IRVING Institute Sohool for Girls. 2126 Call
fornla st.; Easter term begins Tuesday,
January 3, 1006.
A—GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A—METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
aye.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
MME. PRILL'S Piano School, London Con.
2106 Golden Gate aye.; resident pupils taken.
BOOKKEEPING—Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR, expert, 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $8 per month;
vocal lessens $1. 828 Haight St.
ADULT and juvenile classes now open. Hln
man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by mall and per
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 802 Montgomery.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.—Night class.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. I
A—JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country
8. IMURA, 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A—ORPHEUM Employment Office—Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st.; tel. Main 5752.
A—JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YOSHY, 415 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 859.
CHINESE Employment Office—Best help at
Leon Seungs. 411% O'Farrell: tel. East 428.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—FEMALE.
WANTED —Position as working housekeeper;
would prefer a family with children; no ob-
Jectfbn to town across the bay. Box 3087,
Call office.
A YOUNG lady, reliable and very steady,
would like work; can do typewriting and
light bookkeeping; $35 per month. Box 3077.
Call office.
YOUNG widow wants position as nurse to two
children or elderly la,dy, or light work. Apply
1759% Howard St., afternoon.
WOMAN would like to go as companion or
nurse to lady going to Arizona. Address,
Nurse, Call branch. 300 Hayes st.
iREFINED, middle-aged woman will act as
companion to an Invalid lady or do light
housework. 510 Valencia St., near 16th.
RELIABLE woman wishes washing, chamber
work or cleaning by the day for a few nice
families. 488 Geary St.; Dhone Brown 32.
A SITUATION wanted by an elderly woman;
light housework, plain cooking; wages, 815.
Call 2911 Sixteenth st.
LADY wishes to do chamberwork In hotel.
Apply 297% Clara st.
STRONG woman wants nursing or care of In
valid. 324 Mason st.; phone Black 2396.
DRESSMAKER, ladies' tailor, on suits and
coats, evening gowns; cutting and fitting;
only first-class work guaranteed: engage
ments, per day or taken In. MISS BARSS.
Sherman House. 28 Eighth st.
CANADIAN lady wishes position as companion j
or lady's maid; no objection to travel; Prot- |
estant; give particulars. Box 3074, Call.
A COLORED lady would Ilk? position as jan- !
itress or maid In store. Inquire 153 Seventh [
St., city.
MIDDLE-AGED lady desires position as
housekeeper; first-class cook. Box 3058, '
Call office.
A COMPETENT laundress and house cleaner
wants work at $1 per day; references. Box
3072, Call office.
- «■ i
A SWEDISH woman wishes washing or clean- I
lng. Mondays and Wednesdays. Address by
letter C. 8., 1169 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker would like more
engagements in families, $1 50 day and car
' fare. Call or write MRS. DE BARR, 435 4th.
SPANISH lady cook; Spanish, French and
American cooking; wages $35 to $45. 603
Stockton st.
YOUNG Swedish girl, Just from old country,
wants general housework. 66 Rhine aye.,
near Alabama St., off Folsom.
POSITION with a responsible bouse by a
capable business woman: inside, or outside
work. Box 3030. Call office.
AN American woman wishes a position as
housekeeper, or pastry cook for small hotel;
city or country. Call or address 235 Duncan.
EMTMOxTMEOTWAW^^^
RELIABLE woman wishes situation to do
general housework; is a good cook; city or
country; no postals. 267 Minna st., near
Fourth.
ACCOUNTANT, young lady, expert book
keeper, cashier and typist; all modern sys
tems; rapid; can take full charge as book
keeper or secretary. Box 3366, Call office.
s GOOD, reliable woman would like a few days
>i work in the week or help where parties are
given. Address box 263, Fruitvale.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker from Chicago
wishes to go out by the day. 1962 McAllis
ter st.
A FINNISH girl wishes housework. Address
329% Third St., city.
NEAT German girl wishes situation at house
work in German family. Apply 1421 Mission.
WANTED —By colored nurse, infant child to
take care of. 416 Natoma st. near Fifth.
WOMAN wants work by day, washing. Ironing
and cleaning. 1075 Folsom st.
A LADY takes washing home; open air dry.
Phone Page 7931.
EXPERIENCED lady wishes position in flrst
class hotel as chambermaid. Box 3216. Call.
A JAPANESE girl wishes a position as cook
and light honseworker, near Alamo square,
for less than 4 persons in family; wages $4 60.
8. SAKAKI. 1484 Fulton st
JAPANESE woman wants to work in small
family; plain cook and housework. Address
1226 Fulton St., rear.
A JAPANESE girl wants position to do house
work, cooking. K. X., 589 Stevenson St.. city.
A JAPANESE girl wants position as plain
cook. MATSUYO SAITO, 2603 Market st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED —MALE.
A—SITUATION wanted by a flrst-olass gar
dener with California experience and refer
ences. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra
mento st.
YOUNG Swedish man, aged M, would like a
*teady position as Janitor, or any kind of
work; is sober and trustworthy; flrsi-class
references. OSCAR SMARLING, 113 Leaven
worth st.
AA—A FIRST-CLASS painter, paperhanger,
tinter and grainer, desires work by the dsy
or Job; tools furnished; work guaranteed;
prices cheap. 1464 Devisadero st.
WANTED—Position as all around man. In city
or country; have good set of tools and know
how to use them. J. W. R., 726 Waih.nq;
ton St., room 24.
EMPLOYMENT of any kind wanted, city cf
country, carpentering preferred, tools on
hand, by handy elderly German-American.
Address W., 222 Montgomery aye.
YOUNG man, has had 5 years" experience aa
a trained nurse, two years in naval hospital,
would like situation In his profession; good
references. Box 3082, Call.
AS attendant to Invalid or mental patient by
competent reliable man; responsible refer
ences; massage or any treatment prescribed;
terms moderate. Box 8070, Call office.
YOUNG porter, houseman or handy man around
hotel, private or any place seeks any em
ployment, city or country. Address box 3078,
Call office.
PLACE for young man to work for board and
room while attending business college. Box
8084. Call.
COMPETENT young grocery warehouse porter
and packer seeks employment any kind or
place. Address box 8092. Call office.
A BTEADY. reliable young man wishes posi
tion driving delivery wagon: experience and
city references. C. W.. 2 Hay ward st.
A BARBER, 2% years' experience, would like
to finish trade under competent man. Box
1647. 1008 Market st.
BY lmoiement and windmill salesman; can set
UP and demonstrate. Box 3081, Call.
BARBER—FIrst-class union man wants work.
E. A. 8.. Call office.
A BARBER wants steady Job; a good and sober
man. Address box 8091. Call office.
CARPENTER (non-union), experience In store
fixtures, wants work. Box 3073, Call office.
A YOUNG married man, experienced book
keeper and cashier, traveling salesman of
ability, position of trust where faithfulness
and trustworthiness count; flrst-class refer
ences; do not use tobacco or liquors. GEO.
E. WEATHERBY JR., 142 Woodland aye.;
phone Fell 8266.
TYPIST (own machine) desires some home
work; terms reasonable; accuracy and delib
eration a specialty. Please address L. C.
L.. box 3271. Call office.
YOUNG man would like a position In country;
has had 2 years' experience on chicken ranch;
willing to work for board and lodging. Box
3212, Call of floe.
CARPENTER, experienced In house repairs or
any other rough work, wants work at $2 60
a day. Box 3069, Call office.
WANTED—Position as coachman; flrst-class
references. Address Coachman, box 160, San
Mateo. CaL
MAN and wife (colored) desire place In pri
vate family In city; good references. J. H.
TERRELL, room 12, 639 Pine st .
COOK, hotel, restaurant or boarding-house;
all-round man; bread and pastry; wages
moderate; city. Box 3386, Call.
BUTLER —First class. Japanese, arrived from
Eastern country, wishes position in city,
country; has good references. Box 3046, Call.
A YOUNG man from the north of Ireland will
give $26 to any one helping htm to obtain a
position in a wholesale house. Box 3340, Call.
YOUNG man wishes to do typewriting work
at home In the evening; has his own ma
chine. H. G. Mt:l^ R J : T _ T ■ Hayes st.
POSITION as manager of hotel or apartment
bouse by experienced popular hotel man.
Address T. C. KING, care Bequola Hotel.
GERMAN, 80, speaks, writes English, Span
ish, German some French, good business ex
perience, wants position. Box 8294, Call.
MILKER for 20-25 cows wants situation. Box
3064. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS pastry cook and confectioner
desires position. Box 8067. Call.
POSITION as blacksmith's helper; 15 months"
experience. D. W. PEERY, 1130% Howard.
WANTED —Position as elevator pilot by young
man; good references. Address 512 Jones st.
_L_ _ ,
YOUNG man wants position as collector or
checker: age 21. Box 3390. Call.
A CLERK In grocery and barromm desires
position. Box 3358, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman wants position;
references given. Box 3043, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS painter, paperhanger, tinter and
polisher wants work. VEITH. 718% Grove st.
TRUSTWORTHY and competent young Jap
anese boy, speaks good English, would like
a place tn small family to do light housework
and plain cooking; best of refer-nces. Box
3079. Call.
JAPANESE good cook, wants position, pri
vate famliy, to do any kind of work; refer
ences. T. FRANK. 2318 Sutter st; box
3052. Call office.
JAPANESE wants a position as waiter, cook or
houseworker. HENRY ICHIKI, 931 Sacra
mento st.
JAPANESE, gentle and honest, wants posi
tion as cook: has experience. S. ROY, 830
Sacramento st.; tel. Larkln 4031.
GOOD Japanese wants position to do cooking
or housework in a nice family. J. NAKAI
923% Washineton st.
AN experienced. Japanese wants position to do
housework. R. FURUMI, Japanese Gospel
Society, 725 Geary st
GOOD Jspanese boy wants situation as porter
in -store or saloon; speaks English. X
NAKA, 1110 Stelner st
JAPANESE couple want situations in small
family; man first-class cook, wife wait at
table. G. S., 418 A Post st., room 11.
JAPANESE good honest boy wants a position
as schoolboy. R. V., 1304 Post st.; phone,
Butter 4132.
A JAPANESE boy wants a place to work as
schoolboy in good family near the address.
HENRY M . 442 Devisadero st.; phone 2109.
YOUNG Japanese, good cook, wants position
in private family; good references. 1215%
Post st.
JAFANESE good cook and housework. Ad
dress SUMI. 313 Sutter St. ; tel. Black 4241.
JAPANESE wants work as general helper,
especially for the cook. Box 3088, Call.
JAPANESE wants position In-saloon as waiter
or cleaning Box 3089, t all.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants a good place as
a schoolboy. Address.WADA. 1319% Lark in.
JAPANESE waiter wants position in family;
has good experience. ICHI, 1301% Larkln.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED —Male—Con.
JAPANESE boy. honest, wants position as
houseworker; to attend night school by v
reply by letter. TSUJI, care of J. Y. M.
C. A., 121 Halsht st.
A CHINESE, excellent cook, wishes p<«:•
hotel family, boarding-house or restaurant;
good ' references. CHAS. WILL. 1113 Clay
«t.: tel. Black 3658.
A FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants posit: > n
In boarding-house; wages $40 to $50. Call at
Wcgig Yee's, 828 Washington st.
CHINESE flrst-class cook wants situation in
family. KWAN. 21 Brenham place.
A CHINESE first-class cook. Apply <818
Dupont st. /
YOUNG Chinese cook wants position; first
class cook; wages $40 to $45. Box 3569. Cal!
ECaXMA CUBE.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber Itch that I can't cure; a trldl
treatment free. DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st
FINANCIAL.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid in $4,600,000 00
Surplus 940,901 86
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
At par. i.
Office—No. 14 Sansome St..
San Francisco, Cal.
FOR sale —Realty Syndicate certificates; any
amount. 80c on the dollar. 107 Crocker bldg.
riATg TO liET.
A —HOUBEB and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-59 Geary
St.. on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de
sirable vacant place In San Francisco on
our lists; service absolutely free; let us And
you a place; come in and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "we
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company.
1089 Market St.. opp. McAllister.
SACRAMENTO, 2463-5-7 nr. Fillmore—Three
beautiful new flats, 6, 7 and 8 rooms) sun in
every room; marble steps; electric lights; re
ception hall: rent $35 to $48.
THREE new, elegant, sunny 5 and 6-room
park flats at 223. 225 and 227 Parnassus aye..
near Stsnyan St.; on car line; rents $25,
$27 50, $27 50.
N. E. CORNER Church and 15th ata—New.
sunny 7 rooms and bath; separate entrance;
Mission warm belt. Flllmore-st. car* pas*
door. _
SANCHEZ. 115, near Duboc* Park—New sunny
flats of 6 and 7 rooms; rent reasonable; open
afternoons.
A CLEAN, sunny upper flat. 4 rooms; grand
view; adults; 5 Lysett place. Inquire 1111 A
Jones st.
NEW, elegant flats; latest Improvements; Just
finished: park panhandle. STRAUB, 830
Market st.
AVERY, 6, off Geary, near Fillmore —Flat of
3 rooms; afternoon sun; gas; yard; $11.
.TURK, 524% —3 rooms, unfurnished, sunny
front flat; $14. Inquire 524 A Turk st.
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms aad bath. 3435 20th
St., bet. Capp and Howard; warm belt.
FRANKLIN 2350, bet. Broadway and Vallejo
—Upper A* lower flat; mar. view; moderate.
MODERN flat of 7 rooms and bath; rent $35.
1117 Devisadero St., near Turk.
NEW modern, sunny fiat, 6 rooms, bath; rent
$27 50. 165 Alpine st., bet 13th and 14th.
PAGE, 1272—A desirable, sunny upper flat In
house of two flats.
POST, 2607%—F1at of 5 rooms; all modern Im
provements: no children; $16.
FOR rent —Newly decorated flat: 715 Taylor
St.; rant low. Address box 3568. Call office.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON * HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
FLATS FOR SALE —FURNISHED.
ELEGANT, well furnished, upper, sunny flat, !>
rooms; must sacrifice; going away; $500
down. 023 Jones st. near Bush; call be
tween 11 a. m. and 4 p. m.
$60 DOWN— Sunny 6-room flat, Golden Gate
aye.; well furnished; swell neighborhood;
low rent; $175. Room 8, 26 Montgomery st.
PINE, 782—For sale, bargain, part furniture
flat 5 roms and bath; rent $25; make offer.
FOR sale —Sunny and coxy flat of 5 rooms fur.
nished; rent $18. 558 Fourth st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
YOUR~TrrcSINEBS' —W* "pay
the most money for furniture, carpets, office
fittings, merchandise and houses. MARK J.
LEVY AUCTION CO., 1321 Market St., be
tween oth and 10th. Phone South 179.
ABB LEVY,
Salesroom. 1185 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, of flee fur
niture, etc. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURD, auc, 1636 Market; phone Jessie 2884.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert, 778 Mission St.. be
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 4462.
rUBNITURH TOM BALE.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 818.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER.
ALLS, JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX
PERIENCE NECESSARY { STEADY WORK;
GOOD PAY. LEVI STRAUSS * CO.. 83%
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
IN OAKLAND, COR. 10TH AND CLAY STB.,
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECES
SARY; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS A CO.
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
home, evenings or spare time and return to
us; no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned; materials free; enclose self-addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co.,
No. W 12. Ninth st.. Philadelphia, Pa.
WOMAN wanted to take care of infant. $80;
girl for chamber work. $25; glrla wanted for
all kinds work. Call at once on MRS.
LEWIS. 507 Powell st., or phone Main 8373.
WANTED —German girl or woman for house
work and assist with child; wages $26. 737
Buena Vista aye.; take Halght st. car. get
off at Central aye., walk up 2 blocks; call
after 4:30 p. m.
WANTED—Good cook for general housework
In flat; family of 5; references. Call fore
noons at 3320 Washington at.
LADIES wanted to make sofa pillows at home;
experience unnecessary; steady work. Call
room 500, Adams building. 206 Kearny st.
YOUNG woman for general housework; must
be good plain cook; sleep home. Apply 405
Hayes st., between 10 and 12.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' wear.
D. M. DAVIDSON & CO.. 52 First St.
WANTED—Good seamstresses. GOLDSTEIN
A CO.. 733 Market st.
WANTED— Felling hands sat ooats. 180 Clara
St., near Fifth.
EXPERIENCED girl as extra: candy store
1685 Halght st. : apply 7 p. m. «
WOMAN for housework: small family- no
children; good home; $15. 614 Eddy 'at.
YOUNG' lady for dramatic company. Box
3000, Call office..
WANTED—LadIes to learn halt-dressing, man*
louring, facial massage and scalp treatments
4 weeks completes; expert Instructors- call
or write. Moler System Co., 649 Sacramento.
WANTED —Typewriter with knowledge of
stenography: answer, stating salary wanted
age and experience- Box 3060, Call. ,
ALL halrdresslng. ir_jnlcuring7~face mass**.
and scalp treatments arc Tree at the -rnW
_i._l c J ln _^ olleße .'_ c>4;) hours 1-4
YOUNG girl to assist with ■ housework- _
washing; $15 month._ 380 San JosV^s!
GIRL for general housework. noi
street. * .rageBUTTER BRITTLE, TO OUR SHALL AD PATRONS—FREE
SELF WANTED—FEMALE —Continued.
.4'COOKS, with and without washing. .$3O-$35
3 maids and seamstresses $25-$3O
J parlor maids and waitresses ?25-$3O
Infant's nurse; references required $30
..'4 second girls $20-$25
4. waitresses, country hotels; fare here $25
4 chambermaids and waitresses, country. .$25
. 2 nurse girls $15-$2O
• Cook on ranch $25
' 2 chambermaids and waitresses, city $25
Nurse and second work $25
Housework, Reno. Nev $20
Mi t her and daughter, housegirl and nurse.s4o !
And s large number of housework girls, city
country $15-$3O
' Apply to J. F. CROSETT A CO., 334 Sutter.
GIRLS to learn hairdressing. manicuring, etc.;
trade taught from A to Z In 2 wks.; tuition
'.'ss 1 those entering now; 3 positions to fill
-. immediacy; positions guar, at $10 per week
• up; only recognized college Of its kind on
it; day and eve. class. 233 Geary, r. 13.
/VENTED —Girls to learn millinery now for
Tprtng 'eason; both seasons taught from start
. <«■ ' In one month for $5; positions as
rs, salesladies makers, guaranteed at
$lo per week up; 7 positions to be filled by
Orel year. Parlors 14.; Stockton st.. r. 13.
A PACIFIC College teaches hairdressing,
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
• recognized college of Its kind on coast- day
.'and evening classes: all parlor work at re
' duced prices. 133 Powell st.
A FIRST-CLASS operator on custom pants -
■ also finisher; steady work. Call 411% Kearny.
TALENTED,, amateur performers. Apply at
'^ ,n * Wednesday; salary no object, i
•A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception !
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
•■opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth,
open until 11 p. m.
A PVERTISEMENTS, stibs-rlptions received at
, Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
HELP WANTED—MALE.
. AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU,
-01-302 Starr King bldg., 3d floor, 121 Geary.
Conducted on Strictly Business Principles.
• ' Positions secured for:
t; f flc.e men. Assistant bookkeepers.
. 1 iookkee£>rs. Hotel clerks
Stenographers. Railroad clerks.
Office managers. Timekeepers.
Correspondent clerks. Collectors.
Accountants. Bill clerks.
Buyers. Shipping clerks.
Traveling salesmen. Law office olerkav
Manager for dept. stores. Entry clerks.
'Cashiers. Cigar clerks.
. Credit men. I>ry goods clerks.
Secretaries. Receiving clerks.
General office work In all lines of business.
Offices and representatives in other cities.
Apply American Commercial Bureau,
SYil-302 Starr King bldg . 3d floor, 121 Geary.
AT C. R. HANSEN A- CO. S 429 Bush st.
1 "ook, country hotel, fare paid $60
Meat, and pastry cook, country hotel, fare
| paid $60
• Cook, boarding house, city $50
2 second cooks, country hotels $7<>-sso
'Vegetableman $30.53, V potwasher $30-$35;
country hotel. fare "paid.
Marker and distributor, country hotel
laundry $35
c R. HANSEN & CO 429 BUSH st.
I UR BULLETIN REACHES THE EMPLOYER
WEEKLY.
We have daily calls for competent
Bookkeepers. Stenographers.
Furnishing goods salesmen. Shipping clerks.
Bank clerks. Clothing salesman.
Railroad clerks. Dry goods salesmen.
Grocr-ry salesmen. Hardware salesmen.
COMMERCIAL CLEARANCE COMPANY.
415-416 Starr King bldg.
AT HORD & SMITH'S,
Contractors' Agents. 95 Third st.
Plumber, contract, city.
. Plasterer, contract, city.
Teamsters, ba - ' shore, $2.
Dye man. experienced. $20.
Solicitors, tea and coffee.
FRUIT farmer and wife, $50 and found:
farmer and wife, $50 and found: stone
mason; waiter, country hotel, $25; and
others. J. F. CROSETT A CO., C2S Sac
ramento st.
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 317 Stockton st.
Second cook, $7(>; broiler. $60: waiter, $30;
kitehi nhand, $30; clean»r fcr dyeing works;
gardener for jobbing, $1 50 a day and board,
etc.
YOUNG men everywhere, ropy letters, home
• • n;nE». $9 50 week. Send addressed en
for particulars. Manager Dept. W
1 x 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
•WANTED —One or two men to learn a
must have $10 security; no Sunday work.
. Call 212 First st.
WANTED—Young man with some cash for
' good paying business. Box 1590, Call office.
BOY wanted. Baldwin Jewelry Co., 978
Market st.
SHEEPSKIN cutter: steady. Carson Glove
mpany, 123 Second st.
MAN to make himself generally useful: $10 a
m••nth and found. Inquire 816 Sansome st.
"LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law & Adjustment Co., 49 Second st.. r 522.
WANTED—Boy from 14 to 16 years of age for
stock boy. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
• HALE BROS.'
WANTED—Experienced domestic salesman.
. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. HALE
BROS.'
CASH boys wanted. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED—Men to learn the barber trade at
the original JNO. A. MOLER'S BARBER
' COLLEGE, 644 Clay st.; 8 weeks completes:
positions guaranteed; expert instruction;
wages while learning. Call or write (correct
number) 644 Clay st.
PLEASANT faced, fine appearing registered
physician and surgeon: must be quite gray,
but asgive; positively no other; no traveling;
• calarv $200 or more when well started Call
at 25 Third st.
WANTED—Man to deliver and collect for bi
. ographical books out of city: glv» experience
and reference: salary aid expenses. Address
box 3062. Call office.
WANTED—Teacher to go to Nevada to fill
out an unexpired term; $80 per month and
transportation; refs. required. Box 3514,
Call office.
WANTED—Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade: Coyne Bros. Co. Bchool of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973
-75 Easton aye.. St. Louis, Mo.
• WANTED —Men to learn the barber trade: 8
weeks completes: positions guaranteed: ex
pert Instructions; wages while learning.
Call or wrltt Moler Sys. Col.. 640 Sacramento.
WANTED —Men to prepare for railway mall,
internal revenue and costom-house positions;
■ • free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti
tute. Grant bldg., 1095 Market: open evgs.
WANTED —Laborers and mechanics to know I
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.: 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
A FIRST-CLASS traveling salesman; wholesale
notions, novelty and Jewelry line. Address,
with particulars, box 3066. Call.
WANTED—Men to fill 350 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec
tric light in every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair: foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express ,
charges. 11 Sd St.. Exam. hid.: open till '.) pm.
GET your shoes half-aeled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 571 Mission St.. bet. let and 2d sts..
or 11 Third St., Examiner building.
Wanted—A man or strong boy to carry out
bread at 4008 Clay St., corner Mason.
,BOY to learn engraving trade; no wages at
start; good future. Box 3066, Call
HARBER p-hop for sale; no reasonable offer
refused. 729 Mission st.
■ TWO men to learn the barber trade: abso
lutely free. 751 Mission st. _
BARBERS' -2-chalr shop for sale; cheap, if
sold by Monday. 1074% Howard st.
FOR sale—Barber shop; 2 chairs; good loca
- tton - J. PORCO. Napa. Cal.
w ANTED— Young man to work for hla tuition
in 8. F. Barber School. 741 Howard st.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
shlpsj HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
MEN to learn the detective business; paid
while learning. 997 Market St.. room 104. _
MEN wanted at 137 3d st.. where shoes are re
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln.. 75c
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls, r. 40, Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, O, A. R
WINCHESTER Hc»e|. 44 Third St., near Mar
ket—7oo rooms; 65c night; reading rooms;
ree 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRAJeCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
1 F 'fth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
ALL sixes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 671 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
HELP WANTED—ma T.E Continued.
A—MURRAY & READY. 634-838 Clay it.
Phone Main, 5548.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO DIVE; THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
_£ ce * av c in 1903 1904 we hope to
60.000 men work. Increase 60.000.
MEN AND WIVES.
Farmer and wife. San Mateo Co., 845 found.
Farmer and wife. \ineyard\Santa Cruz Co.,
see boss here. $40 and found
MISCELLANEOUS.
Steam shovel foreman, Nevada, 3100 found.
Blacksmith and woodworker shop, near city.
$3 day.
Tile setter, city Job, steady. S4 a day.
Cement finisher, long Job, near city, $3 50
day.
Choreboy, private place, near city. $10 and
found; choreboy. ranch. 316 and found; 2
placer miners. Humboldt Co., $45 found.
BOOKKEEPER.
Bookkeeper, 35 years, must have experience
and references, general merchandise store in
California. $75\
Man run carding machine. city factory.
$2 25 day.
Platen, pressman. Job printing shop. $10 wk.
Choreman. Institution, city. $30 and found.
Stableman city Job. $60.
FARMS AND DAIRIES.
Teamsters, farm hands, chorfcboys and chore
men milkers and nutter makers.
HOTELS. ETC.
Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, kitchen hands.
Cook and wife. mine. $55 and found; cook
and wife, north. $80.
Bell and elevator boys.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
I 1
SALESMEN AND SOLICITORS.
WANTED—Men to sell a patented article and |
territory for same; this is no fake proposi
tion; none but experienced men need apply. I
Address KIEL A EVANS CO.. 224 San Pablo ,
aye., Oakland. j
HORSES AND WAGONS.
9-YEAR-OLD horse, $90; wetght 1250 lbs;
guaranteed. Eagle Brewing Co., corner
Eighteenth and Harrison sts.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col
lege now ready; mailed free upon application
to DR. E. J. CREELY.Pres..SIO Golden Gate.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a, m. 327 Sixth st.
CARLOAD gentle business buggy and livery
hc-ses E STEWART & CO.. 220 Valencia |
_ HOUSES TO LET.
A—PRINTED list of houses to let; send ?o?ch>
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
UNFURNISHED or partly furnished home!
Presidio Heights; 8 rooms and bath. Box
737, Call office.
HOUSE 8 rooms and bsth Inquire 126 I
Eddy st.
6-ROOM flat, part furniture for sale; Market
and Van Ness. Box 3083. Call office.
HOUSES FURNISHED —FOR SALE.
14 ROOMS, furnished, for sale; good-paying
house; price to suit party. 491 Fourth st.
TURK. 124—Eight rooms, nicely furnished;
yard; will sell at a sacrifice.
1 , . I <t
COTTAGES
$27 60—TO let, cottage of 7 rooms ami bath;
all in good order. 2538 McAllister at.
HOTELS. i
HOTEL BALTIMORE, 1015 Van Ness aye —
This first-class hotel, now being conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
season or year, tjocation is unsurpassed. The
■ equipments are all modern, with every con
venience. The rooms are large, sunny and
comfortable; superb view; furnishings are all
elegant. Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langham,
New York, and Moana Hotel, Honolulu.
INSTALLMENT 3UILDING.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes, 512 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot:
$S a mcnth pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your in-
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST, strsyed or stolen—On the evening of
Dec. '11, from 11th st.. b?t. Washington and
Broadway, a dark brown gelding, about 4
years old. branded "47"' under mane: new
harness: runabout, black body, red wheels;
black robe »nd nose bag; reward of $20 for
return to KARL H. NICKEL, rooms 62-63
Bacon building.^Oakland.
WANTED —My cane, taken from Johnson's
restaurant at 1 p. m. on 10th Inst.; It was
cut by myself in Illinois 35 years ago; my
name is plainly engraved on it and it is
worth more to me than to any one else.
EDWARD E. CHEVER.
STRAYED —Pointer dog; predominating color,
white: liver-colored head and spots; tip of
one ear gone; has collar with two license
plates attached; license for 1904-5. No. 77;
liberal reward if returned to S. HAMILTON.
Keystone Boiler Works. Main-Folsom sts.
LOST—Sunday sftemoon. Dec. 11. at beach,
south of Park, black Scotch collie bitch..
Suitable reward if returned to 1326 Forty
ninth aye.. Boulevard "station, or for inform
ation of whereabouts.
LOST —Lady's gold watch; diamond setting;
ribbon; letters M. A. E. Liberal reward,
SHEARER, 314 Post St.
LOST —Gent's gold ring, with large setting,
vicinity 17th. 18th and Diamond sts.; gift of
deceased brother. 4150 17th st.; reward.
FOUND —Large Irish setter, curly; owner can j
have same by applying at Manning's stable.
Fourth and Townsend sts. WM. DAILY.
LOST—A featner boa. In Hale's store or be
tween Hale's and Jones-st. car. Reward for
return to 2£21 Laguna st.
FOUND—A small purse. Call at 4405 Twen
ty-fourth st., city.
LOST—Dog medal; liberal reward. Return to
Castro and Twenty-fourth sts.; pharmacy.
FOUND—A Rambler bicycle. Apply 2031
Mission st.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C. A "mcNEII£T LA UNCH~CO~f Clay
St.; for pleasure and business: tel. Bush 534.
MISCELLANEOUS—FOR SALE.
ZD-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
11. S. WHITE M' HY. CO., 130-132 Beale st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin. shingle, felt or Iron
rool ? Cover It with Mastic Rooling. It is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Rooftn* Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about It. Elate; ite Roofing Co., 713 Market.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN
TOSH A WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
DIAMONDS,* watches and Jewelry sold on
credit by paying one-fifth down, balance pay
able at your own convenience. Pacific Jew
elry Co., 21 Stockton St., second floor.
A—BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TF?Y our men's shoes at $1 and $1 SO pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 Sd St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and jewelry on small weekly or
monthiy payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont
gomery st., room 12, upstairs.
FIVE restaurant tables, golden oak, for sale
cheap. 414 McAllister st.
TALKING machine records; second hand; good
condition. 307 Sansome St.. room 3.
SAFES and cash registers; new and second
hand I. FREEMAN. 1326 Market St.
A VERY fine sealskin coat for sale at a bar
gain at Portland Jewelry Co., 26 Stockton st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber door, sash,
plumb. materiab_The Dolan Co., 1607 Market.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains, Bullard ft Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES—New and second-hand! THE HER
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont St.
ROOMS papered. $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Main 413.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AA AAA-Highest prices for ladles', gents'
off clothing. Tel. Davie 828. 660 Sacramento st.
PAYS special price cast-off fancy ladies' dress
es, genu' clothes. 922 Folsom; teh Red 77.
Highest prices paid for ladles' and genu' cast
off clothing. Ttlton. 164 Oth; tel. Jessie 3916.
WATER spaniel or Chesapeake dog, puppy.
Box 3063. Call office.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER A CO., r. 406. Adams
bldg.. 206 Kearny St.; phone Black 388 C
the san Francisco call, Wednesday, January 11, 1905.
ITR.ILE Small Ad Patrons FREE
A LARGE BOX OF
BUTTER BRITTLE
*
CHOCOLATE NUTS BUTTER.
v
_n4___SCft THni_flW__l*i Xrl'-iTiii* t T ii ill " iHT"""i i iTTawTTi if r_L ISsV *_H
This delicious candy Is manufactured from a high-grade chocolate, nuts and fresh butter.
This is a delightful candy relish, absolutely original, delicious and comprises a pure-food product
that is among the least harmful of confections. Butter Brittle contains less sugar than other
candies, therefore can be eaten freely without creating thirst. Sold by leading candy stores.
Watch for demonstrations of Butter Brittle.
THEOPOLD MORRIS & CO., Mfrs., 313 Profit Street, San Francisco.
Free to Any Person Presenting a Small Ad
... Thursday, Friday or Saturday ...
for the SUNDAY CALL
CALLBUSINESSOFFICE OAKLAND OFFICE
Third and Market Streets 1016 Broadway
MEDICAL.
LADIES who are In trouble or suffering from ■
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find \
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White, |
the only graduate physician in San Francisco ;
wto has devoted a lifetime to helping women; I
17 years' experience without a failure has
put him at the head. He guarantees relief •
or no pay.
DR. WHITE, 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8. j
DR. G. W. O'DON NELL—AII who are sick or !
In trouble consult this specialist on female I
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
every case taken; Immediate relief; no pol- :
sonlng drugs: low fees; my methods will cure
all cases of Irregularity; by consulting me .
save time and money. Advice free. Office,
1018 Market st. j
LADIES —Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor yet
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE
LIABLE graduate physician. When in trou
ble confide in me. Irregularities relieved; :
the unfortunate helped*: I promise best atten- i
tion and no danger; I guarantee prompt re
sults or no charge. Room 1. Est. 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEBT. office 305 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all-fe
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market at., opp. sth.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
ALL cases of female Irregularities relieved at
once; guaranteed treatment, $10; 30 years'
successful experience. DRS. GOODWIN, 850
Market St.. opp. Fourth, room 37.
LADIES suffering from irregularities, sick or
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny
St.; relief guaranteed; no drugs, no operations.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladies' specialist, removed
from 1118 Market st. to 838 Mission, near 4th.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment. 1226 Market.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS
TO order—renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st.; phone South 216.
MINES AND MINING.
wn.L purchase stock shares of The Big Trees
Mining Company at fair price; if you have
any, state amount and what price asked for
it. Box 3086. Call.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A~BUNCH OF BARGAINS.
1 French upright $55
1 Stoddard: mahogany $115
Also one Chickering. Weber, Vose. Sterling,
Stelnway. Curtaz, Rudolph, Fischer. Haines
and others. Easy payments. BENJ. CUR
TAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrell at.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rsnt, $S
per month; one year's rental allowed If pur
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
PARTY must sell large Stelnway upright; cost
$700; price $286; will accept payments; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
$60 UPRIGHT; one $30 upright; one good
square. $20. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
A SMALL Stelnway upright; cost $500; $185
takes it. 237 Geary st.
FISCHER upright; cost $360; will sell for $96.
237 Geary st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS—Continued.
ATTENTION, piano buyers!—investigate our
second-hand pianos, taken In exchange dur
tns holiday sale; prices away down; rents, $2
up allowed ir purchased; installments. $4
up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 236-237 Geary St.;
Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
ELEGANT uprlghts.new A 2d-hand.s46 to $500.
Pierces Piano Factory. Market and 14th sts.
SOHMER Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player BYRON MAUZY, 30S-312 Post st._
NEW upright piano's sold on $5 monthly pay
ments. SCHMITZ A CO., 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway Up; Chickering baby grand;
Shoninger, little used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
MONET TO LOAN.
AAAAA -A CONFIDENTIAL and reputable
place to borrow money on tlje following:
Salaries.
Life insurance policies.
Chattel mortgage*.
Undivided lnttrests.
Goods in bend.
Legacies.
Second and third mortgages.
Estates in probate.
Life estates.
Rents.
special department for loans to ladles on
their notes. *
Privates offices for ladies and gentlemen.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton St., near Market,
2d floor. Phone Bush 484.
AAAA—THE Portland Jewelry Co. will make
you very liberal loans on your diamonds,
sealskin or any valuables at the low rate of
two (2) per cent per month; If you do not
wish to call, phone us (phone Bush 484) and
the manager ,of our loan department will call
en you all business strictly confidential.
25 STOCKTON ST.. NEAR MARKET
Private offices at 21 Stockton st.. 2d floor.
N. b. The only loan of flee west of New
York that has a Are and burglar proof vault
on the premises; free use of same to all cus
tomers. ■
LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
. . "INTEREST 5% AND 6 PER CENT
CITY TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es
tates in probat*, undivided interests in prop
erty probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests in property
purchased.
.....MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
AAA—HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate second mortgages, undivided inter
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided In
terest* In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
WKen You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
Ist. 2d or 3d
Mortgages, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property,
Location, etc.
Box 223. Csll office.
A—ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate;
Ist or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
MONET TO LOAN—Contlntted.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one, confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get t terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on dtamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
97H Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch ll'J2
Market and 27 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses. wlthoJt
security: easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities. TOLMAN. 563 Parrott bldg.
' ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
j without removal; other security; fairest
rates: strictly confidential: no commia. Na
i Sionil Credit Co.. 606 Donohoe bid., 8 Taylor.
MONEY, to loan at low interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
PRIVATE —Money loaned on salaries without
security: diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate Cal. Loan C 0..523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
»>ri''ste, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. IL
INFANTS adopted; housekeeping rms If de
sired. Dr. Funke, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
TO salaried peop"? without security. The White
Co., 420 California st.. rooms 14 and 15.
BALARIED people on note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY, 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
————————————
DON'T borrow money on salary until you ace
us. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bid.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room Mutual Saw Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S»F. Collatf-rnl Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
MONET WANTED.
WANTED —Loan of $1000 on improved prop
erty, clear title: will give first mortgage at
7 per cent. Address box 3504. Call office.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TWO nice stores with basements. Corner
Front and Jackson sts.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL—Office and residence,
1021% Market St., bet. 6th and 7th; particu
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073% Market at.
REMOVED —DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo
cated at 667 Geary at., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor—All dis
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured: new methods; one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 9 Powell.
eXtente.
INVENTIONS patented. F. B. MEDINA, at
torney-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg., 532 Market st.
"R-E-X-R-A-D-I-O'-S"
M-A-R-V-E-L-O-U-S
"N-O-N-M-E-D-I-C-A-L"
H-U-M-A-N-I-Z-E-D
"R-A-D-I-U-M"
T-R-E-A-T-M-E-N-T.
"T-H-O-U-S-A-N-D-8" have been (quickly)
CURED of alleged I-N-C-U-R-A-B-L-E dis
eases, of ALL kinds. Patients FLOCK to the
offices from ail over the coast. See their
TESTIMONIALS; also REFERENCES to
grateful CITY patients. CONSULTATION
free. Term* MODERATE. Call arid INVES
TIGATE. Hours, 2 to 7. RADIUM HALL
and offices, 1 Fourth st. (upstairs), corner
Market.
BPECIAL BETWEEN SEASON LOW RATES
this week for facial beautifying; a face with
out a wrinkle with the contour and fresh
color of youth may be had through my scien
tific treatment; consultation and booklet free.
M. -ELLA HARRIS. 128 Geary st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im
proves Its growth, stops falling,cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp: at druggists',hairdressers'ac
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
WETNURSE —If In need of first-class wet
► nurse inquire of DR. GEO. COLEMAN, San
Leandro.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. O. 8. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1899. 2122 Fillmore st.; phone Geary 2063.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, over
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS',
London Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 60
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
WRINKLES, freckles, moles, superfluous hair
removed; latest meth. Mme. Marie.lo42 Ellis.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; electric needle.
Mrs. Eaton. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511 A Leavenworth St., be
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
EASY installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to- order. Co-operative Tailoring. 117 Mkt.
$Ta week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS, 1127
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing. 1
I Art Tailoring, 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas. |
I TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dresa pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
I MASQUERADE costumes, play books,
] country orders. GOLDSTEIN AcP -J r^_ MK *
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1 at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired,
j Webster Typewriting Inspec Co .508 Market
REAL ESTATE—COUNTRY—For Sale.
WHITE A BAYLEY,
Successors to
\V J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
INSURANCE.
$7500—20 acres at Sunnyvale. Santa Clara
County. 6 miles of San Jose; all In full bear
ing prunes, peaches, almonds and cherries;
rich black loam; modern house. 7 rooms and
bath, hjt and cold water; brick cellar; cement
floor: windmill; 3-story tankhouse; 2 fine barns;
complet? drying plant; farming implements;
half cash; superb gentleman's home with large
Income.
$175 per acre—ln 10-acre lots; on main coun
ty road. 2 miles of Hay wards; rural delivery;
close to school.
$3500—14 acres: 1 mile of Hay wards; 7 acres
rich valley loam; small house and barn; fenced
3 fields; 50 cords of wood; hay; half cash.
$3500 —7 miles of Lodl; 52 acres; 5-room
house; barn, good well; family vineyard; 13
acres wine grapes.
$2200—Only 2 miles of Ripon; 40 acres with
j 4-room house, bArn and well; close to creamery
and station.
$9600— Only 7 miles of Hay wards; 480 acres,
about 300 fanning land; fine stock ranch; 2
small houses, 2 large barns; plenty wood.
$1800—5 acres; 300 fruit trees, mostly apri
cots; small houae. barn, windmill; running wa
ter, plenty wood: close to school: 3 miles of
Haywards.
$2800—58 acres; only 2 miles of Soquel; 21
acres of best black sandy loam, suitable for
truck gardening; about 4 acres full bearing or
chard and vineyard; raises best corn and pota
toes in State; 6-room hard finished residence;
hot and cold water; barn, granary, wagon
shed, poultry-houses; abundant water; only
$800 down; easy terms; 400 cords of wood.
$3000—Foothill ranch, 160 acres: only 3 miles
of Clayton. Contra Costa County; 80 acres plow
land, balance pasture, family orchard; house
and barn.
$4750—160 acres, of which 90 are level: 140
under cultivation: near Clayton; new house, 5
rooms and basement; new barn, 36x40; poultry
houses; fenced 4 fields; water piped to build
ings; family orchard; terms.
$1900—Only 2 miles Santa Rosa; 6 acres rich
bottom land; neat 4-room cottage; good barn,
poultry-houses; buggy and harness; poultry;
farming tools.
$10,500—Only 1% miles of Santa Rosa; 93
acres; on fine drive; 25 acres full bearing
French prunes and pears; 50 acres black grav
elly loam, adapted to walnuts; modern 9-room
residence; fine barn, holding 200 tons of hay,
carriage- house, windmill and tank, corncribs,
etc.
$600 —Almost adjoins stores, P. O. and 6
miles of Anderson; 10 acres; 6 acres bearing
peaches; cabin 16x24; under irrigation ditch;
well fenced: poultry men. Investigate quick.
$300 down—l mile of R. R. town; 18 acres
level black loam; no buildings; well fenced;
IS acres full bearing pears and French prunes;
fine creek for poultry; price $2000, any terms.
$12.600—386 acres rich alluvial soil; 2 miles
of two thriving railroad towns and not far
from Lodi. San Joaquin County; small almond
orchard; good house. 6 rooms, and house for
help; fine barn, holding 100 tons; wagon-shed,
blacksmith shop; windmill. 5000-gallon tank;
fenced anl cross-fenced; terms or exchange
gilt-c-dge hay property.
$8500 —On oiled drive; 1 mile of Llvermore;
40 acr*s healthy, full bearing vineyard; about
6 acres fru't; plain dwelling; barn; good well
and windmill; 2 years' crop will pay for this
place.
$3000 —25 acres; 1 mile of Courthouse and
high school: 5 acres fine alfalfa; 10 acres Bart
lett pears and almonds; balance alfalfa land;
2 wells, fully equipped pumping plant; dwell
ing, barn, poultry-houses, drying plant; half
cash.
$8500 —Close to Napa City; 60 *cr«m rich,
level land; 35 acres In ordchard 12 years old;
good 8-room house; large barn, windmill and
tank; drying plant; poultry yards; horses, cat
tle, farAilng tools; good furniture; fine income,
half capb. S
acres, half rolling and balance
level: near Santa Rosa, 3 miles of Kenwood;
rich land; 2 acres orchard; vine yard; creek; 2
wells; nice cottage. 5 rooms; large barn;
fenced Into 4 fields; 5 poultry-houses large
wire letting yards, 150 laying hens; good horse,
3 cattle, spring wagon, top buggy; 4 tons hay;
easy terms.
$2950—2 miles of Sonoma City; 10 acres level
garden soil- 8% acres bearing vines; 1 acre
fruit; good dwelling, bam, poultry-houses;
horse, wagon, carts, plows, 3 sets harness,
tools, wine press, tanks and casks; furniture;
fine crop.
$1700 —25 acres, close to Calisipga; adapted
to vines and trees; family orchard; cosy s
room cottage; good barn; fine water.
$400 down—s acres good land, with new,
hard finished cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
large brooder-house, 2 Incubators, brooders; all
) farming tools; near Petsluma: price $2000.
I $5500— Only 1 mile of Haywards; 37 acres
fine land; 4 acres bearing orchard; modern
' house, 6 rooms and bath; finest barn in county,
alone cost $4000; fine view; this is the best buy
In the vicinity.
LODI 1 LODI.
We are subdividing a choice tract in 10-acre
lots; only 2% miles from town; surrounded by
modern homes and fine orchards and vineyards;
soil rich, black, sandy loam, 12 feet deep:
1 school on the tract; $73 per acre; this will not
] hist over 30 days; first come, first served.
$1200 —10 acres In vine and fruit belt, near
! Lodi; sandy loam; 5-room house and barn.
Send stamp for the largest and most diversi
fied printed list on the coast.
WHITE A BAYLEY,
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st., room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
INVEST YOUR MONEY IN LAND IN SUT
TER COVNTY.
$66 an acre buys choice orchard land within
three miles of three large fruit canneries,
two dried fruit packing establishments and a
large winery; beat market center for all kinds
'of fruit: the Butte County irrigation ditch
coming this way; surveys under way tor
two electric line* to traverse this section
and an overland road (the Western Pacific)
passing through here all point to a large in
crease In land values; four daily passenger
trains to San Francisco each day now: no
other section offers a better opportunity for
profitable Investment: also have some good
dredge mintng propositions.
Address M. J. NEWKOM. Real Estate
Dealer. 406 Second St.. Marysrllle, Cal.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogue of the best land
bargains In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market st.
MAX, ESTATE—43TTT—TOR ULI.
v mm
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Do" you' realize that the growing city of Saa
Francisco has oSly a small area of
Ocean Beach?
Astounding prices will be obtained for lota
fronting the ocean in near future.
We offer the only graded lots fronting right
on boulevard, ocean and park.
$450 to $1000 —Unobstructed ocean and park
view. Dots on easy terms. None like
them in this city. Selling rapidly at
our low prices and terms. Don't
miss this opportunity; see them
to-day.
$100 to $360—Near* park and ocean; $8 monthly.
Get off car at our Oceanslde branch office on
corner H at. and 47th aye., open daily
and Sunday.
$300 to $1100—Choicest Sunset and Richmond
lots. On installment*
$100 to $400— I,evel Excelsior Homestead lota.
Near cars. $5 monthly.
$1250 to $3000— Modern cottages in Sunset,
Richmond, Oceanslde and Mission;
easy terms.
SOL GETZ A SON, Owners and Dealers,
Room 64, fourth floor, Chronicle bldg.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE
By C. S. CAPP A CO.,
630 Market at., opp. Palace Hotel.
California and Pierce—A corner lot with 6
good residences; all sunny; all well rented.
Golden Gate aye., bet. Pierce and Scott—
Lot 26x137:6, with a 10-room house In good or
der; rented In fiats.
Golden Gate aye., west of Baker St.—Lot 25x
137:6, with house of 7 rooms and bath; only
$4000.
McAllister, bet. Pierce and Scott—Lot 26x
137:6; ready to build on; fine neighborhood for
flats; a bargain.
Sanchez, bet. 17th and 18th—23 or 60x100;
wide street; good neighborhood.
Broadway and Polk—NW. corner, with Im
provements.
Post, bet. Octavia and Laguna—Lot 25:10*
00; line location for fiats.
Folsom, bet. Third and Fourth—Large lot;
old Improvements; rents $100; suitable for -*
hotel or factory.
Fine residence In Oakland, overlooking Lakn
Merritt; magnificent view and large lot; for
sale or trade for city property.
Two lota in Halladay map A; cheap.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a biliiard table; on grade;
close to fine school and Mlsslon-st. electric
cars; bound to double in value.
$400 each on Installments of $10 per month:
no taxes; fine lots, near Ocean boulevard:
best residence location south of Golden Gat-i
Park; these are the cheapest lots In this dis
trict; advancing in price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE,
26 Montgomery st.. r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
$10 500—INCLUDING bltumlnlzing of street ;
terms to suit; 3 swell sunny liata not yet
completed; rents $1080 per annum; every
known possible latest improvement; 16 min
utes from Cltv Hall; 7th-ave. boulevard, near
Fulton st • close to the Park; 5 car lines, one
runs all night. Apply from 11 to 4. ..Sev
enth ave'.. near Fulton sr
SPECIAL bargains this week. RIANDA A
CO., 627 Montgomery at.
GOOD work our motto; prices moderate. AHJ.-
BA r "H & MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard al
SAN MATEO SEAL ESTATE.
LOMITaTpARK. _ LOMITA PARK.
LOMITA PARK.
On the line of San Mateo electric cars; 4B
minutes from Fifth and Market sts.
Sewer and water pipes laid.
Pure artesian water.
Lots $400 and up.
Outside the fog belt.
$10 to $50 down and $10 per monta.
Go down and Investigate.
Maps sent on application.
SELBY. RODGERS A CO..
Main 673. 116 California st.
Also at Lomlta Park
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED —Place suitable for raising chick
ens. Particulars box 3085. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERT'S'MTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
CHOICE lots; $15 per front foot; Grand st. and
Buena Vista aye.; all street work done; <r
will build to suit. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park
St.. A'ameda.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'MTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
THE MERRITT-WOLCOTT v CO..
952 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
A FEW BARGAINS IN LOTS.
$2000— Lot 50x100; on sunny side of street,
close to business center of city, with cottage
renting for $10 ocr month.
$450 —Lot on sunny side of street, near Tel
egraph aye.. North Oakland; slxe 37:6x110.
$570—Lot 40x120, close to Telegraph aye., on
One street and in a desirable location
SNAPS IN HOUSES AND COTTAGES.
$.3200 —New house, 7 rooms and bath; mod
ern in every way; lot 40x126; easy terms; la
S<uth Berkeley, near Telegraph aye.
$1600 —Bran new cottage, 4 nice rooms and
bath; close to cars and Key route station: lot
40x100; In Oakland.
GOOD BUYS IN FRUITVALE PROPERTY.
$2200 —Bran new cottage, 6 rooms and bath;
modern; nice and sunny; lot 30x100. near
street cars and local; $500 cash, balance $-5
per month.
$2150— Shingled cottage: never occupied:
modern In every respect; near S. F. local and
car line; lot 37:6x100; built by owner. *h)
must sell; $800 cash, balance easy terms.
$1750 —Cottage on corner lot, nearly new; !*
lots all fenced; good location.
$1100— New house, high basement and attx ;
lot 100x100; good location: fine view; high,
level ground; $400 cash, balance $10 per neauh.
THE MERRITT-WOLCOTT CO.
ninutes from Fifth and Market sts.
Sewer and water pipes laid.
Pure artesian water.
Lots $400 and up.
Outside the fog belt.
|10 to $50 down and $10 per monta.
Go down and investigate.
Maps sent on application.
SELBY. RODGERS * CO..
Main 673. 116 California st.
Also at Lomtta Park
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED —Place suitable for raising ehlck
ens. Particulars box 3085. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERT'S'MTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
CHOICE lots; $15 per front foot; Grand st. and
Buena Vista aye.; all street work done; <r
will build to suit. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park
st.. A'ameda.
J
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'MTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
THE MERRITT-WOLCOTT v CO..
952 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
A FEW BARGAINS IN LOTS.
$2000— Lot 50x100; »n sunny side of street,
close to business center of city, with cottage
renting for $10 ocr month.
$450 —Lot on sunny side of street, near Tel
egraph aye.. North Oakland; else 37:6x110.
$570 —Lot 40x120, close to Telegraph aye., on
One street and In a desirable location.
SNAPS IN HOUBES AND COTTAGES.
$.3200 —New house, 7 rooms and bath; mod
ern in every way; lot 40x126; easy terms; la
S<uth Berkeley, near Telegraph aye.
$1000 —Bran new cottage, 4 nice rooms and
bath; close to cars and Key route station: lot
40xl«JO; in Oakland.
GOOD BUYS IN FRUITVALE PROPERTY.
$2200 —Bran new cottage, 5 rooms and bath;
modern; nice and sunny; lot 30x100. near
street cars and local; $500 cash, balance $-5
per month.
$2150— Shingled cottage: never occupied:
modern In every respect; near S. F. local and
car line; lot 37:6x100; built by owner. *h)
must sell; $800 cash, balance eaay terms.
$1750 —Cottage on corner lot. nearly new; S
lots all fenced; good location.
$110©— New house, high basement and att>c ;
lot 100x100; good location: fine view; high,
level ground; $400 cash, balance $10 per sacsun.
THE MERRITT-WOLCOTT CO.
FOrl sale —House of 9 rooms and bath; comer
lot, 40x110 feet; centrally located; rente for
$35 per month.
Also
Modern up-to-date home; house of 10 room*
and bath. 3 toilets; with or without furni
ture and carpets; nice bam and
house; cement driveway; lot 60x128:6 feet.
Apply to OWNER. 1227 Adeline St., Oakland.
■i i ■ 11 -'—— i
OAKLAND, HOUSES TO LET.
STORAGE CO., general
movers; we have the best ware.vius* in th»
West (only covered vane used). t»ON T
MISTAKE THE NUMBER, 1016 Broadway.
Oakland; phone Main 907.
r ,_L I
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
S OR 4 clean \aunny rpoms; central: separate
entrance 015 Fifteenth st., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SAL*
TO-MORROW the day forbargalns In furme
ture. H. Schelhaas. 11th at..cor.store.Qaklarrtj
San Francisco Advertisem't'*
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT, 421 —One or two sunny rooms, nicely
furnished for housekeeping; gas.
CENTRAL aye., 58 (apt. 2)—2 or 3 furn. front
rms; bath; regular k.tchen; grand view; reas.
ELEVENTH 106—Elegant front suite, com
plete for housekeeping; gas ranges and bath;
single rooms. $1 50. -
FOURTH, 491 —Two rooms furnished com
plete for housekeeping.
GEARY. 610—Housekeeping or single rooms;
by the day. week or month.
GEARY, 1225—Fine, sunny, bay-window suite;
all conveniences; nice marine view; also
other choice rooms; reasonable.
GOUGH, 210—Five aunny rooms, completely
furnished for housekeeping; open Saturday.
Sunday or evenings for inspection; reas.
HAMPTON place. 7, off Folsom, near Third—
3 sunny bay-window housekeeping rooms;
nicely furnished; connecting.
HARRISON, 406—Housekeeping rooms; single
and en suite: furnished rooms: sunny rooms;
electric light; bath.
Continued on Pace Pourteea*,
1314
BOOKS FOR nOXfttttTinW^Con^
II A .".r:l.=ON. So 7— Housekeeping rooms to let.
HOWARD, 7018- 2 housekeeping rooms, ona
:io:t: gas, bath; 111; call after 4.
HYDE end Washington: apply 1500 Wash.—
S.iltea 2 or 3 rooms lor hkpg.; newly fur.
J ESSIE. 323- Sunny front parlur; gas range,
sink; S3 75 week: cheaper rooms.
KEARNY, 104 - - Three gjb-.fhny unfurnished
rooms: bath: $20: bay window; iront.^
: EAVENWORTH, 808, near Geary—2 fur
nished housekeeping rooms.
LIBERTY. 502—2 unfurnished sunny rooms for
light housekeeping; use of bath.
MAYBELI.E, 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness—Sun
ny furn. 3-rm. Van Ness suites; $28 and $20.
OAK, 117—Rooms, complete, housekeeping; $5
to $12; gas range: hot bath; adults.
OCTAVIA. 1403. corner Geary—l, 2or 3 very
sunny furnished rooms; cheap.
,
O'FARRELL, 208—Three nicely furnished, sun
ny rooms, 3 beds; gas range; yard.
SECOND, L'l2 Furnished rooms for house
keeping: central; clean; quiet; no ohildren.
SIXTEENTH, 3077. near Valencia- 2 neatly
furn. rooms for hoa^ekpg.: complete; reas.
TENTH, 149—One furnished complete house
keeping room; private family.
TURK. 115U- Nice housekeeping rooms, newly
furnished; flat or unfurnished rooms: reas.
WEBSTER, 1229—3 or 4 rooms, complete for
housekeeping; bath. Phone Pine 58.
WEBSTER. 1351. near O'Farrell—Unfurnished
sunny housekeeping rooms; newly finished.
ROOMS TO LET—Furn. and Unfurn.
ATKINS, corner Third st. and Park lane—New
brick building: all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water: electric lights; only flrst-class house
In locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
A—BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.—Rooms
26c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)—Rooms.- 26c to 50c, $1, $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House: over Owl drug store: 2 en
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk- Electric
lights, running water in every room; 200
rooms; 26c to 60c per night; $1 23 to $3 week.
BUSH. 1710. near Gough—Fine, newly fur
nished sunny iooms, front and side; run
ning hot. cold water; bath; phone; use par
lor; reasonable; 15 minutes walk downtown.
EDDY. 110—The Launston, opp Tivoll: finest
of rooms for transients; terms reasonable.
FOURTH, 491—Nice front room, suitable for
two; 2 beds; rent $10.
GEARY, 1707—Sunny furnished room In pri
vate family.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission—Rooms 35c
to $1 26 night; $1 60 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HARRISON. 784 % near Fourth—Finely fur
nished rooms; homelike: $1 week up.
HOWARD. 715—Furnished rooms, single or
double; central location.
JONES. 434. flat B—Rooms, with or without
board: suite and single, with private bath;
elegant new house; all modern conveniences;
no signs.
LASKIE. 28. off Minion, near Ninth—Nicely
furnished room; lady and gentleman or two
ladies; $8.
LEXINGTON aye.. 122, near 18th—1 furnished
sunny front room, closet and gas, $5 month;
private family; near Valencia and Mis. cars.
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth) —Sunny rooms;
$2 50 to $7 week; baths: elevator; also hskpg.
METROPOLITAN Hotel, 129 Third st— 400
single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day.
$2 to 18 week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
• that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free baths and ele
vator day and night to its guests.
OAK GROVE aye.. 19, bet. sth and 6th. off
Harrison—Two connecting rooms, gas, bath,
laundry, yard: also furn. room for 2 gents.
O'FARRELL. 230— Beautiful large front room,
. first floor, for 2 gentlemen or man and wife;
reasonable. '
POWELL, 216 —Suite sunny front rooms, suit
able for manicure or massage parlors.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis—lncandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; tooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SIXTH. 143 —Furnished room with housekeep
ing privilege.
TEHAMA, 217, near Third—Sunny rooms, reg
ular kitchen; yard; separate entrance; $12
month.
TEHAMA, 481, corner Sixth—Nicely furnished
front room, suitable for two.
.TURK. 123—Clean, sunny furn. rooms, with
board: .suite or single; housekeeping; $5 up.
VAN NESS aye., 37. near Market—Large front
room to let, $3 per week; with or without
board: private house.
'VAN NESS aye.. 314—Sunny front room,
large. $18; small room $8.
VAN NESS aye., 1008—Large and small rooms
to let.
VENDOME. 1104 Market—Furn. rooma, suite
or single: suite $5 week up. 15 Turk.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market—4oo
rooms 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read.-room: free bus. baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., nr. Market— I
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
. 35c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $8 week; elevator; !
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus. baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep- I
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
• Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received 7 at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
BOOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL L'AIGLON. 601
sunny rooms, board; suites, with board for 2,
•60 mo.; single, with board. $25 up; special
family rates; ]ust renovated.
RETIRED teacher will board one or two
small boys. Address box 8034, Call office.
COMORA (The), 621 CFarrell—Homelike;
quiet; best beds; table and service.
LARGE sunny rooms; phone; bath; good hoard;
warm belt. 936 Valencia st.
CALIFORNIA. 807—Best rooms, table and ser
vice in the city for th« least money.
BOOMS ABE BOAXP WANTED.
YOUNG gentleman wishes room and board
Box 8081. Call office.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE—The Nevada TsaUonal
Bank of San Francisco—At a regular meet
ing of the Board of Directors of this bank,
held Janua.y 3. 1003, a dividend for the j
quarter year ending December 31, 1904, waa I
declared, at the rate of seven (7) per cent 1
per annum, payable on and after the 16th I
instant; transfer books will be closed from !
the 10th to the 16th instant, both days in- i
elusive. GEO. GRANT, Secretary. San
Francisco. Cel.. Jan. 6. 1905.
PROPOSALS.
NOTICE is hereby given that sealed bids wiil
be received at 16 South Hall, Berkeley, on
or before 12 noon, January 14. for the plumb
ing for California Hall, as per plans and
specifications on file at said office. No bids
will be considered unless accompanied by a
certified check or bond In favor of the un
c*rslgned, equal to 10 per cent of the bid
with sufficient sureties, conditioned that if
the bid be accepted, the bidder will enter
into a contract faithfully to perform the ob
ligations In accordance with said bid and
with eatd plsns and specifications. The right
to reject any or all bids is hereby reserved.
J«g*uts_of the of California.
TREASURY Department, office of the Publlo
Health and Marine-Hospital bervice. San
Francisco Quarantine Station. Angel Island
California. January 9. 1906—Sealed pro
■ posals will he received at this office until
noon of Wednesday. January 25. 1905 to
hul'd a disinfecting barge for use of the Pub
lic Health and Marine-Hospital Service a*
San Francisco Quarantine Station, Cal Sche
dules and further Information may be ob
tained upon application to the undersigned
HI GH S. CI MMING. Passed Assistant Sur
geon. P. H. and M. H. S.. In command of
San Francisco Quarantine Station.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Dec. 15,
whom It may concern: Be It hereby known
thiit the 00-partnershlp heretofore existing
between D. J. O'HARA and F. J. MONA
HAN. under the firm name of MONAHAN,
O'HARA A CO., is hereby dissolved. The
said D. J. O'HARA withdrawing from tne
said concrrn nnd his name discontinued.
DANIEL J. O'IIARA. F. J. MONAHAN.
jrxAVi,
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters*
home treatment; booklet free; write for If.
viaVl CO., Van Ness, Phono East 282.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PT FRANCIS' Girls' Directory Orphan Asy
lum hereby gives notice that the following
orphan, half-orphan and abandoned girls
and boys have been admitted to the asylum
ifrom Juiy 1. 1001, to January 1, 100.": Mary
Ada Dolan, 11 years: Louisa Guglleri, 7
years; Irene Guglierl, 5 years; May Condon,
5 rears, i! months: Alnysius Condon. 4 years,
2 months: Angelina Antonla. 11 years; Refu
| glo Antonla. 4 years; Margarita Antonla. 2
years; Paul M.trtlnell. 6 years. 7 months;
Howard I.ehey. 5 years 6 months; Barbara
Whitetock, 7 years; Julia Whltelock, 5 years;
Emma Servenli. 4 years; Charles Serventi,
11 months; Frances J. Kenarlek. 5 years. 4
I months; Gladys Smith. 2 years. <> months;
May Hnrrigan, 0 years; Andrew Rios, 4
I years. 2 months; Manuel Tiburtius Rios. 2
I years. Ci months; George Paris, (( years, 10
I months: Rer.Jamin Davis. 5 years, 10 months;
j Mabel Sherer. 7 years: Thomas Gorman. 6
years; Bessie Gorman, 4 years; Willie Gor
man 2 years; Irene Wilson, 6 years: Made
line Wilson, 3 years; Harica Forno, 7 years;
Jennie Gettenby, tl years; John Porter. 7
years; Frank Porter, ft years; Nicholas Por
ter, 3 years; Carrie Cano. 9 years: Nettle
Cano 7" years; Ralph Cano, 5 years; Cath
erine Emilia Wlseby. 9 years; Mary Cooney.
12 years: Theresa Mulvihill. 10 years; Fran
ces Mulvlhlll. 7 years: Emily Kane, 10 years;
Charlotte Kane. 6 years; Thomas Rodriguez,
4 years; Emlllo Rodriguez. 11 months; An
nie Kohl. 7 years; Ada Torras. 9 years:
Joseph' Cnstell. 2 years: Bertha Elchler. 8
years; Hazel Harrison. 11 years; Grace Har
rison, 7 years: Gertrude Harrison, 4 years:
Mary Quatararo. 7 years; Carlo Quatararo.
8 years; Thomasita Oorvera. 7 years: Ray
mond Corvera. 4 years; Estefana Ortega, 9
years; Albert Ortega. 7 years; Christina
Cano, 2 years.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st. has received the
following half-orphan girl from October L
1904. to January 1, 1905: Margaret Miller,
aged 3 years 11 months.
THE following half-orphans have been ad
mitted into the Nursery for Homeless Chil
dren : Jennie Campiau, 6 years; Lillie M.
Lowe. 6 years; Wilfred Jar.os, 11 years;
j Gordon Dobson, 6 yeara
I THE annual meeting of the San Francisco
Ladies' Protection and Relief Society will be
j held at the home. Franklin and Geary sts.,
THURSDAY. January 12. 1906. at 2 p. m.
; SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
WE have left about 90 shopworn Whites and
t used sewing machines of other makes. We
j Intend to clone out the lot this week; clos-
I lng nrices will be from $5 to $25. Many of
| these machines are practically new and all
in excellent condition. White Sewing Ma
chine Co.. 915 Market st.
! ALL makes; 2d-hand. $2. $5, $7. $9; new, $4. $3;
drop heads. 6-drawer. golden oak, $15; rented,
repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic
S. M. Co., 145' Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 3796.
DOMESTIC—The machine for family use: beat
la cheapest; second-hand all makea at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes
tic office, 1021 Market st.. nr. Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3, $5. $8; slightly
used $10, $15, $20: you know where the dolls
swing 1n the window. 1061 Market at.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran
teed. CHAB. PLAMBECK. 1916 Mission at.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
L «- "
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A—EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725
-781 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 481.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 10 Drumm at.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co., of
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Piir. Ex. 57L
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
i BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
| st.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
' STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE system; 2 schools: 810 Diamond!
; 521 Franklin. Inquire 621 Franklin, 8 to 12.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Frank T. Cano, 26, Clayton, and Ida E.
Sebrlain. 23, Concord.
Giuseppe Crema. 40, 610 Greenwich street,
and Gioditta Ronconi, 29. city.
Jean B. Armand, 28, 1300% Stockton street,
and Anna Etcheverria, 19. 619 Jackson street. I
Edwin P. Faber, 21, 725% Turk street, and
Bessie Atkins, 18, 1522 Mission street.
Alfonso Palange. 21, 1415 Mason street, and
Concetta M. Palange, 18. 1411% Mason street.
Bartholomew. Doherty. 28, 23 Oak Grove ave
nue, and Ellen Mahoney. 29 . 980 Harrison st.
Phillip Benedettl, 21, 1806 Union street, and
Maude G. Howard, 18. 430 Texas street.
Samuel Batt, 21. 345 McAllister street, and
Sadie Jelinski 18. 1165 A Howard street
Horatio F. Stoll. 29, 246 Sutter street, and
Jessie Burns, 20. 1412 Golden Gate avenue.
William A. Lytken, 27, Sutter City, and
Llllle Damon, 21. 424 Willow avenue.
Auguste J. Ronquie, 23. Vineburg, and Marie
J. Ortet. 21, 1210 Stelner street.
BIRTHS—MARRIAGES—DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and realdence of per
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BORN.
AHERN—In this city, January 7, 1906 to the
wife of William P. Ahem, a daughter.
HAVES—In this city. January 7, 1905, to the
wife of Joel A. Hayes, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BLOOMFIELD—RUBINSTEIN—In this city,
January 8, 1905. by the Rev. Hyman Sam
uelson, Oscar Bloomfleld and Elsie Rubin
stein, both of this city.
GENOCHIO—MARKLE—In this city, Janu
ary 8. 1906, by the Rev. Father Cllne of St.
Dominic's Church, Edward P. Genochlo and
Elizabeth K. Mar Isle.
DIED.
Ahem, Agnes—3 days Kruze, Joachim—66
Brady, George—72 Kyle. Robert G.—3B
Bourland, Lemuel—63 Mathleeen,Anna E.—-76
Chriateneen, Christina McCarthy, Mary
M.—73 Monaghan, Hugh—Bo
Codey, Matthew M. Mosher, Annie—6o
Coustette, Louis—4B Murray. Catherine
Cullen, Mac—23 Petersen.Florence I*—4
Edouart, Mary R.—44 Pratt. Frank A.—2l
Findlay. Cora M. —24 Quinn. Edward
Flynn, John—7s Reilly, Margaret—3B
Fouter, Elisabeth —64 Ryan. Henry—3o
Fryer, George—66 Staud, Fred A.—2B
Gleason, Patrick F.—Bo Sullivan. Abble
Holmes, Charles J. —62 Taylor, Clarence A.—l*
Hyde. Julia [Van Marie. Henry 3.
Kelly, Wm. E. —25 J.—4B
Koerner, John N.—75 | Wilson, James—4
AHERN—In this city, January 10. 1806, Agnes
beloved Infant daughter of William P. and
Mary Ahem. a native of San Francisco, aged
3 days.
BRADY—In this city, January 9, 1905. George
Brady, a native of New York, aged 72 years.
BOCRLAND—In this city. January 9, 1905,
Lemuel, beloved father of W. A. and Blanche
Bourland, Mrs. H. V. Schiam and Mrs. D.
Newton, a native of Mississippi, aged 63
years.
(PTFrlends and acqualntancea are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
at 10 o'clock a. m., from the funeral parlors
of Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CHRISTENSEN—in this city, January 8.
1905. Christina M. Christensen, beloved wife
of J. H. Christensen. and mother of Mrs,
J. J. Olsen and H. Christensen, a native of
Denmark, aged 73 years 5 months and 13
days. (Haywards, Cal.. papers please copy.)
stFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes
day. January 11. at 2 p. m.. from her lata
residence at Russell station, Alameda
County. Interment Mount Eden Cemetery.
Remains at the residence of the daughter,
Mrs. J. J. Olsen. 708 Castro street, until
Tuesday, 7 a. m.
CODEY—In this city, January 0, 1905, Mat
thew M. Codey. beloved husband of the late
Ellen Codey, and dearly beloved father of
Mrs. B. J. Bett>>ncourt. William P., Joseph
J. and the late Matthew Codey, a native of
Johnstown. County Kilkenny, Ireland. A
member of A. O. H. Division No 1 B
of K.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 a. m., from the -residence
of his daughter. Mrs. B. J. Bettencourt, 2300
Union street, corner Stelner, thence to St.
Vincent de Paula Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COUSTETTE—In thl* city, January 9, 1606
Louis Coustette, beloved husband of Useai
Coustette. loving father of Eugenic and Fer
dinand Coustette. brother of Mrs. Bauchou
and Mrs. Berges, and brother-in-law of
Bernard Bauchou, P. B. Berges and Joseph
Saliou, a native of France, aged 48 years 1
month and 9 days.
"CTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect
fulyl Invited to attend the funeral Friday
January 13. at 12:30 o'clock p. m., from the
parlors of Julius S. Godeau. 810 Van Ness
avenue, thence to the French Church of Notre
peme dcs Vlctoires, Bush street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
CULLEN—In this city, January 9. 1905, Mac,
beloved wife of Thomas M. Cullen. mother
of Thomas D. Cullen, beloved daughter of
Dennis and the late Bridget Loran. and sis
ter of John, Dennis. Nellie. Charles, Frank,
Grace. Roy and the late Florence Loran, a
native of New York, aged 23 years 6 months
and 6 days. (New York papers please copy.)
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALTJ, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY It 1905.
Es*''Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrowf
(Thursdsy), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 12 Academy street, between Mis
sion and Chenery, thence to St. Paul's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Hoiy
Close Cemetery.
EDOUART—In this city. January 10, 1905,
Mary R., wife of Perclval Edouart, a native
of California, aged 44 years 6 months and 2
days.
FINDLAY—In Oakland, Cal., January 9, 1906,
Cora M. Findlay, beloved wife of J. Paul
Findlay' daughter of Alfred O. and Caroline
Clark, and sister of Frances H. and George
E. ( "lark, a native of Missouri, aged 24 yeara
6 months and 9 days.
FLYNN—In ti is city, January 8. 1905. Join,
beloved Vislr.ni of the late Catherine Flynn,
and fa»K:- ct John and Timothy Flynn, Mrs.
Paul EchuUrt, Mrs. Will Rodgers. Mrs. M.
Montague and the late Mrs. Elizabeth
Scheppel. Mrs. Mary Fltzpatrlck and Bart
lett Flynn. a native of County Sllgo. Ire
land, aged 75 years.
(ETFrienus and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes
day. January 11, at 8:30 a. m., from the res
idence of his daughter, Mrs. Paul Schubert,
1280% Folsom street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a requiem high .mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com
mencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FOUTER— In this city, January 10, 1906, at
her residence, 3077 Sixteenth street, Elisa
beth, beloved mother of Lena S. and Martha
Fouter, a native of Germany, aged 64 years
k and 3 months.
and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
January 13, at 1:30 p. in., from the chapel
of Charles H. J. Truman A Co., 1907 Mission
street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth. In
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car
riage. %
FRYER—In Berkeley, Cal., January 8, 1906,
George Fryer, beloved husband of. Julia
Fryer, brother-in-law of Mrs. Mary Dono
van, and uncle of Cornelius, George and
Lulu, and Mrs. Alice Hadlen, a native of
England, aged 66 years.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 p. m., from his late resi
dence, 909 Snyder avenue. West Berkeley.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oak
land.
GLEABON—In this city. January 10, 1906,
Patrick F.. beloved husband of the late Cath
erine Gleason. a native of Ireland, aged 60
years. A member of St. Patrick's Mutual
Alliance Association of California.
CFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), At 8:16 a. m., from the parlors
of McFadden, Mcßrearty A Green 1171 Mis
sion street, thence to St. Peters Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, at 9 a. m. Inter
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Officers and members of St. Patrick's Mu
tual Alliance Association of California—You
are hereby requested to attend the funeral
of our late brother. P. F. Gleason, to be
held on Thursday, at 8 a. m., from the par
lors of McFadden, Mcßrearty A Green, 1171
Mission st. P. H. FLYNN. President.
T. E. GIBBONS, Corresponding Secretary.
HOLMES—In this city, January 10, 1905,
Charles J , beloved husband of Rosette
Holmes, a native of Connecticut, aged 62
years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
Januafy 12, at-11 a. m., from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com
pany. 2476 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
HYDE—In this city. January 9, 1905, Julia,
widow of the late John Hyde, and mother
of Mary. John, Joseph and George Hyde and
Mrs. J. B. IfcCawley, a native of County
Cork, Ireland.
CFThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late
residence, 612 Powell street, thence to St.
Mary's Paulist Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
KELLY—In this city. January 9. 1905, William
E.. only and beloved son of P. T- and Ellen
Kelly, and dearly beloved brother of Helen,
Margaret. Elisabeth and Lettie Kelly and
Mrs. F. Klein, a native of San Francisco,
'aged 25 years.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 a. m., from the par
ents' residence. 1335 A Folsom street, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, at 11 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KOERNER—In Napa, Cal.. January 10, 1906,
John N. Koerner. husband of Katharlna R.
Koerner, and father of George H. Koerner,
a native of Stotel, Hanover. Germany, aged
75 years 1 month and 3 days.
ICrNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr, 1137 Mission
street.
KRUZE—In the City and County Hospital.
January 10. 1906 Joachim Kruze, a native
of Germany, aged 66 years.
KYLE—In East Oakland. Cal. January 10,
1905. Robert Gibson Kyle, husband of the
late Harriet Elizabeth Kyle, a native of
Virginia, aged 88 years aad 8 months.
af ATHIESEN—In Alameda, Cal., January 10.
1905. Anna Elizabeth Mathiesen, beloved
widow of the late Christian Mathiesen, and
mother of William and Karlls Mathiesen
and Mrs. John F. Raemussen, a native of
Denmark, aged 76 years and 6 daya.
MCCARTHY— In this city, January 9, 1905.
Mary, beloved daughter of Thomas H. and
Sophia McCarthy, and sister of Charles T.
and the late Lucy McCarthy, a native of
Contra Costa County.
CFFriends and acqualntancea are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from her
late residence, 241 Noe street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
dONAGHAN—In this city, January 9, 1905,
Hugh, beloved husband of the late Catherine
Monaghan, and father of Thomas and the
late John, Joseph and William Monaghan,
a native of Ireland, aged 80 years.
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:15 o'clock a. m., from the
parlors of Carew Sz English. 29 Van Ness
avenue, thence to St. Patrick's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated,
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
dOSHER—In this city, January 8, 1906, An
nie Mosher, beloved mother of Frank Mosher,
a native of Boston, Mass., aged 60 years.
CFFrlends and acqualntancea are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:20 a. m., from the par
lors of Halsted Sz Co., 946 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
lURRAY—In this city, January 10, 1906,
Catherine, beloved wife of David Murray,
and devoted stepmother of Mrs. William J.
Daley, a native of Kings County, Ireland.
(Canada, N. 8., papers please copy.)
(CF Remains at the parlors of McFadden,
Mcßrearty Sz Green. 1171 Mission street, be
tween Seventh and Eighth.
'ETERSEN—In this city. January 10, 1905,
Florence L., beloved daughter of Peter and
Lena Petersen, and sister of Herman Peter
sen, a native of Bt. Paul. Minn., aged 4
years 5 months and 13 days.
•RATT—In this city, January 10. 1906, Frank
A., beloved son of Curtis N. and Elizabeth
Pratt, and brother of William, Carrie and
Harold Pratt and Mrs. A. J. Wldman, a
native of San Francisco, aged 21 years 2
months and 16 days.
C 7 Funeral and interment private. Please
omit flowers. »
jUINN—In this city, January 10, 1906, at his
residence, 424 Noe street. Edward, beloved
husband of Helene G. Quinn. a native of
County Tyrone, Ireland.
CF Notice of funeral hereafter.
tEILLY—In this city, January 9. 1906, Mar
garet, beloved wife of Frank Reilly, loving
mother of Katie, Charles, Francis and Mar-
Jorle Reilly, and sister of Charles Tlernan
of Winnemucca, Nev.. a native of County
Leltrlm, Ireland, aged 36 years.
(7Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral\ to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 a. m., from the parlors of
McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green, 1171 Mis
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, at 0:30 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
IVAN—In the City and County Hospital.
January 10. 1905. Henry Ryan, a native of
New York, aged 39 years.
TAUD—In this city, January 10, 1806, Fred
A., beloved husband of Agnes Richardson
Staud. brother of Frank and J. N. Staud
Mrs. G. P. Thaller and Mrs. L. Whiting,
and nephew of Frederick Traut, a native of
California, aged 28 years.
CF Remains at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475 Mis
sion street, near Twenty-flrst.
ULLIVAN—In this city, January 8, 1905 Ab
bie, beloved wife of John Sullivan, a native
of Ireland.
EFFrlends and acqualntancea are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 a. in., from her late resi
dence, 108 Shotwell street, thence to St
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a re
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, at 9:80 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
AYLOR—In this city. January 10. 1906, Clar
HENRY J. CALL ACHE* CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
80 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
Funeral Director* and Embalmers
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,.
NOW at 866 MISSION. Tel. South 187.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn a co.,
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
-—Funeral Directors and Embalmers
214 Eddy st. Tel. East 88.
ence A., beloved son of Clarence A. and
Sarah Taylor, and brother of Gilbert R- and
Arthur Taylor, a native of Grand Island.
Nobr.. aged 13 years 11 months and 7 days.
VAN MARLE—In this city, January 10, 1905,
Henry John J. Van Marie, beloved husband
of Helen Van Marie, and father of Dorothy
Van Marie, a native of Holland, aged 48
years 10 months and 6 days.
ICFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 p m., from the Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Occidental
Ixjdge No. 22, F. and A M. Interment Cy
press Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
WILSON—In this city, January 10,. 1906,
James, beloved son of Charles and Katherine
Wilson, and loving brother of Gladys and
Charles Wilson Jr., a native of San Fran
cisco, aged 4 years 1 month and 26 days.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Pace Fifteen.
SAVINGS BANKS.
1 I Ger S A L.2330 — |Say & L So. — 108
, I Hum SAL. — — jsec Say Bk.. — 410
i Mutual Say. 99% — 1 Union T C 0.2700 3300
1j S F Say U. 610 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
: California ..202 %210 IPresldio —, 41
! Geary — 50 I
' ! POWDER.
1 CHant 62 63%|Vigorit 8 4%
SUGAR.
I Hawaiian C. 74% 74-VMakawrli C. 32 32%
§onokaa SC 18 18%'Onomea SC. 31% 32
utch 8 P C 15% — IPaauhau S C 20% 20%
- Kilauea SC. 3% 6 |
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA— 88 (Oceanic S Co. 4 6
Cal F C A. 98% 99% Pao Aux FA. 4 —
. Cal Wine A. 80 82% Pac C 80rx.157 —
• I MVA MtTm. 95 102 Pao 8 Tel Co. 108 107
! SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Bank of California 428 60
10 Giant Powder Con 63 50
50 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 74 00
' 70 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 74 25
50 Honokaa S Co 18 00
20 Hutchinson B P Co 15 26
146 Makawell 82 25
I 6 Makaweli 32 00
25 Paauhau S P C 20 75
680 8 F Gas A Electric 50 00
186 8 F Gas A Electric 40 76
272 S F Gas A Electric 40 50
25 8 F Gas A Electric 40 *5
10 8 F Gas A Electric 49 00
60 S F Gas A Electric, s 90 49 50
100 S F Gas A Electrio,b 90 61 00
60 S F Gas A Electric 60 12%
100 S F Gas A Electric b 90 60 75
60 S F Gas A Electric 49 87%
125 S F Gas A Electric b 5 60 00
21.000 Bay Counties Power Co 6s 102 00
$7,000 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 6s 103 00
$13,000 United R R of S F 4a 87 62%
$10,000 United R R of 8 F 4s, s 10.. 87 62%
Street—
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 03 00
- Afternoon Session.
Board—
125 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 74 60
50 Honokaa 8 Co 18 00
60 Paauhau 8 P Co 20 62%
100 8 F Gas A Electric, b 90 50 60
26 S F Gas A Electric 60 00
100 8 F Gas A Electric, s 90 48 75
40 S F Gas A Electric 60 60
$1,000 Spring Valley Water Co 6s 106 26
$1,000 Spring Val Wat 4a (2d mtge)..loo 60
820,000 United R R of S F 4s, a 10.. 87 62%
$26,000 United R R of S F 4s 87 82%
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC Os.lOO — |SF ANP 55.111%1U%
B L Wat 6s. — 114% 8 P Co 4%5.100% —
Cal NW 65.. — 113%[Sun Tel 65...110 —
M C Wat Ss.loo 114 1 Do 5s 106% —
'BF Drdk ss. 112 — |Suttr-st R55.104 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala 8 C 0... — 26 |Nev Nat 8k.201 —
Amer Bis Co — 90 IN SR R Co. — 12%
Cal Cot Mils 80 — |N Cal P Co. 8% —
I Cal GAECor. 50 61 |Oak Bk Sav.l26 —
I Cal Ppwder..lßo 145 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 IOOF Hall A 6% —
Cal TIA T — 155 Orpheum Co. — 18%
I Cen Bk Oak. 66 — PacC Cas Co. 125 —
i Chutes Co .. — 8 Pac Bur Co .106 —
City ACBk — 120 Paraf Paint.. 39 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 6% S F Drydock — 65
I DptPwd pfd. — 77% BFASJ Coal. 17% 20 ,
I Do com .. — 61 IS J Wat C 0.108%.108% —
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — SO A MTgbt.l26 —
j Fischer Thtr — 1% Bwlas-A 8k..120 —
I Frnch-A 8k.105 111 Truck Elect.. 11% 12%
1 Hono P Co.. 27% — Union S Co. — 30
j Do pool ..28 — UR InC pfd. 65 66
I I>onA SF Bk 62% — Do com ... 17 —
Mat Nay Co. 70 — |
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board— *
10 Mechanics' Savings Bank 100,00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 E I dv Pont-De Nemours (com) 50 00
$1,000 8 F A N P Ry 6 per cent 111 50
Street—
25 California Jockey Club 11l 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 48
Asso. Oil Co. Stock Tr. Cer. 26 ....
Caribou ...- 17 00 ....
Central Point Con 70 ....
Chicago Crude 28 ....
Forty 50 ....
Four 55 '
Home 48 45
Indepedence 29 80
Junction 20
Kern 6 75
Kern (new) 30
Kern River .... 11 60
Linda Vista 20
Monarch of Arizona 30
Monte Cristo 80
Occidental of W. Va 08
Oil City Petroleum 70
i Reed Crude 2 10
Sovereign 30 33
Sterling 200 225
Superior » 06 ....
Thirty-three 8 25 I
Twenty-eight 12 50
Wabash 26 ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
600 Oil City Petroleum 88 i
Afternoon Session.
Board —
2500 Oil City Petroleum 70 !
2000 Forty Oil 50
M Junction Oil 17
3000 Forty Oil 50
Mining; Stock*.
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session —Comstocks.
200 Alpha 161 200 Mexican 1 80
300 Alta ..' OS 100 Ophir 5 87%
600 Andes 28| 200 Ophlr 6 00
100 Belcher - 241 100 Overman 28
200 Best A Belch.l 20" 500 Potosl 22
100 Bullion 26 60 Potost 23
100 Caledonia .... 501 400 Savage 47
100 Challenge ... 28 200 Scorpion 28
200 Challenge «A. 28! 300 Sierra N0v.... 64
600 Chollar 331 400 811ver Hill 62
100 Con Cal A V.l 751 700 Union Con 73
100 Con Cal A V.l 70 200 Union' C0n.... 72
600 Gould A Cur. 311 300 Utah 19
400 Hale A Norc.l 30 200 Utah 18
200 Justice 12 200 Yellow Jacket. 30
100 Lady Wash... 04|
Afternoon Session—Comstocks.
8000 Alta 06| 700 Ophlr 7 25
500 Andes 881 200 Potosl 26
200 Andes .A 321 400 Savage 52
200 Best A Belch.l 26! 300 Scorpion 28
300 Caledonia .... 581 200 Seg Belcher... 08
100 Caledonia 51 100 Sierra Nev 63
400 Challenge ... 28j 100 Sierra Nev 62
MOO Challenge ... 25! 400 Sierra Nev . 61
800 Chollar 391 100 Sierra Nev 60
100 Con Cal A V.l 90 100 Union Con 84
400 Con Cal A V.l 961 100 Union Con 83
100 Gould A Cur. 391 100 Union Con 82
600 Gould A Cur. 38] 100 Union Con 81
400 Hale A Norc.l 50j 200 Utah 20
300 Justice 12! 100 Yellow Jacket. 31
300 Mexican 2 15 100 Yellow Jacket. 82
800 Mexican 2 201
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid.Ask.l Bid.Ask.
Alpha 17 18 Julia 08 00
Alta 05 06|Justice 11 1\
Andes 32 33!Kentuck 02 03
Belcher 25 26 Lady Wash .. 04. 05
Best & Belch.l 20 1 25IMexlcan 2 In 2 15
Bullion 27 28lOccldental ... 84 90 ;
Caledonia .... 61 58|Ophlr 8 87% 7 00;
Challenge ... 23 25|Overman 29 30
Chollar 38 30!Potosl 25 2«
Confidence ... 75 85! Savage 60 5.1
Con Cal A V.l 85 1 9011 Scorpion 27 29
Con Imperial. 01 02 Seg Belcher... 08 10
Con NY 03 05|Slerra Nev 59 60
Crown Point.. 20 2l!Silver Hill 61 64
E. Sierra Nev 07 —|Bt. Louis 11 —
Eureka Con.'. — 50Syndicate .... — 15
Exchequer ... 55 60! Union C0n.... 82 §3
Gould & Cur. 35 37 Utah 20 21
Hale A Norc.l 50 1 55|Yellow Jacket. 80 32
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
1000 Black Ants .. 10| 500 Mont Ton ...2 05
3000 Black Butte.. 20 700 Mont T0n...2 07%
3000 Black Butte.. 21 1500 N V Ton Con. 13
500 Bullfrog Mln. 65 400 Rescue 08
1100 Con Mercur... 35 2000 Sandstorm ... 60
1000 Goldfleld Dmd 12 ?r>oo Sandstorm ... 53
800 Goldfleld Mm. 70| 1300 Ton Belmont.. 73
500 Jumbo Ex .. 23| 500 United Ton .. 07
1100 MacNamara . 2811000 Verde 07
4000 MacNamara . 29! 1000 West End ... 17
300 Mont Ton. .2 02%|
Afternoon Session.
1000 Black Ants .. 08) 500 Mont Ton .. .2 15
1000 Bullfrog Mln. 65 600 Ton N Star... 23
500 Bullfrog Mm. 83 200 Ton N Star... 24
200 Bullfrog Mln. 62)1500 N V Ton Con. 13
1000 Cent. Eureka. 1 801 100 Orig Bullfrog. 35
1000 Esperansa ... 0211000 Pennsylvania 10
600 Hibernla 2111000 Red Lion 08
I 1000 Goldfleld B Bl 08|1800 Sandstorm ... 81
1900 Goldfleld Mtn. 7013000 Sandstorm ... 52
I 1000.I 000 . Jumbo Ex .. 2211000 Sylvanla 25
1500 MacNamara . 2S| 500 Ton Midway.. 85
100 Mont T0n..2 12%!1000 Verds OT
j 1500 Mont Ton .. .2 10|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District.
„ _ Bid. Ask.', Bid. Ask.
Gold Anchor. 26 28! Ton A Ca1.... — 18
J m .. Bu i'* r •■ 40 «|Ton Exten ..8 15 —
Little Too ... 35 461 Ton Midway.. 34 85
MacNamara .. 28 29iTon N Star... 23 24
Mont Ton -. .2 10 2 15|Ton Ohio .... — 25
N V Ton Con 10 14iTon of N0v..11 25 —
g escue , 06 07! West End ... 18 18
Ton Belmont.. 72 74;
Goldfleld District.
Adams 10 11.Goldfleld Mm.. 70 71
Back Ants .. — OOlGoldfleld Mhk. 14 15
Back Butts.. 21 22|Goldfleld SPk — 18
Blue Bull M. — 25' Jumbo 66 —
Booth M Co.. 10 —IJumbo Ex ... 22 24
Columbia .... 33 34 Kendall 25 28
Dlamondfleld. 28 80| Pennsylvania — 18
Dixie Mm ... 20 —!Red Top 15 18
Goldfleld Dmd 12 13|Sandstorm ... 61 —
Hibernla 21 —|Vernal Mm ..15 16
Other Districts.
Bullfrog Mm. 60 —'Oris; Bullfrog. 25 27
Colehan Mm. — 10|Ray A O'Brien — 06
Esperansa ... 01 02|Southwestern 60 —
Lucky Tom... 03 CSlTon Gold Mt. 14 IB
Mont Bllfrog. — 121 United Ton ..08 —
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following- were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
2000 Adams 1011100 Sandstorm ... 52
8000 Jumbo Ex .. 22(2000 Ton Belmont.. 78 1
500 Jumbo Ex .. 2111000 Tor. Belmont.. 74 1
1000 Oris- Bullfrog. 2311000 Ton Gold Mt. 15
1000 MacNamara . 281 600 Ton Midway.. 84 1
Mont T0n..2 02%11300 Ton Midway.. 85
1500 Rescue 061 500 Ton N Star... 28
Afternoon Session.
?#OO A. d » m * 101 360 MacNamara .. 28
wJS BUck 22 500 Mont T0n...2 12%
500 Bunker HllfT.l 55! 500 Orig Bullfrog. 28
Free Gold M. 1611300 Ton Belmont.. 78 '
2?ii fl * ld Mln - 0911000 Ton Gold Mt. 15
1000 Gldfld Red L 081
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. - Bid.Ask. Bid Ask..
08 -I Mont Ton... —2 12%
Back Butte.. — 20NYTConM.10 —
Blue Bull M. — 80 Orig Bullfrog. 24 —
Bullfrog Mm. — 69 Paymaster .. 03 04
Columbia .... 40 —Pa Goldfleld.. — 10
Dlamondfleld. — 80 Pine Grove -.10 —
Esperansa ... 01 0B Ray Exten .. — IB
Free Gold M. — 14! Ray A O'Brien — 08
Gold Anchor. — 361 Red Top 15 16
Goldfleld 88l — 06! Rescue 08 07
Goldfleld Mm. 68 70!Rothwel! G M — 60 !
Gldfld Red L 06 06! Sandstorm ... 60 —
GoldfleM BPk — 18lTon Belmont.. 72 74*
Gold Mt Con. — 02 Ton Gold Mt. — iff
Hazel Kirk .. — 12lTon Midway.. 83 34'
Jumbo 68 701 Ton Ney..lo 87% —
Jumbo Ex .. 20 28' Ton N Star... 22 24
Kerdall 24 —IVernal Mln ..14 —
Lucky Tom... 04 17! West End ... 16 —
MacNamara . 27 281
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TUESDAY. JANUARY 10.
Patrick Ryan to Loula D. lot on W
line of Scott street. 100 N of Ellis N 26 by
W 90; $10.
George Eggleton to Hotallng Estate Com
pany, lot on SB corner of Broderick and
Beach streets. S 137:6 by B 137:6; also lot
on NE corner of Beach and Broderick streets,
N 137:6 by B 137:6; also lot on 8 line of Jef
ferson street. 137:6 E of Broderick E 187:6
by S 187:6; $10.
Mary A. and Eugene N. Frit* to Nellie
M. Preston (wife of Walton), lot on W Una
of Ashbury street, 707 S of Frederick B 25
by W 106:8; $2500.
William O. and Annie B. Pennycook SUII
-man E. and Llllle E. Brown to Mary B Con
nolly lot on N line of Waller street, 171:10%
W of Clayton. W 25 by N 100: $7800.
William A. Connolly to same aame; gift.
Estate of John Broderick (by" Ellen M Mo
ran, executrix) to William Cranston, lot on
SE line of Sheridan street, 106 NE of Tenth.
NE 25 by 8E 100; $3200.
William and Carol Cranston to Jennie Cran
; ston, same; $10.
! Edward and Mary E. Norman to Margaret
jC. Glynn, lot on E fine of Ban Carlos avenue.
! 136 S of Eighteenth street. S 25 by B 80- $10.
I Henry P. Umbsen to J. V. Campbell, lot on
; 8 line of Fifteenth street. 125 W of Sharon.
W 26 by S 100. quitclaim deed- $1.
J. V. Campbell to John E. Hill aame; $10.
A. M. Hinsey to Henry Quartler lot on N
line of Twenty-first street, 50 E if Florida.
■ E 25 by N 93; $10.
Jennie A. and George W. Armitage to
Eleaner M. Black (wife of William J.), lot
on E line of Fair Oaks street, 110 N of Twen
ty-sixth. N 25 by E 125; $10
Joseph L. Kehrleln to Boniface F. Kehrleln.
undivided 6-28 of the following: Lot on N
line of Green street, 68:9 Bof Montgomery E
22:11 by N 68:9; lot on SW corner of North
Point and I*avenworth streets, 8 137:6 W
137:6. N 74. E 25. N 63:6, E 112:6; $10.
Angelo and Maria Papale to Gaetano Ra
gusa. lot commencing 62:6 S of Union street
and 147:6 W of Powell, W 58:9, S 76. E 7.
N 44:6, E 51. N 36:6; $10.
Hannah Meenan to Hugh Meenan lot on
NW line of Clary atreet. 120 NE of' Fourth.
NE 20 by NW 76; gift,
j City and County of San Francisco to Jacob
V. Petersen, lot on E line of Rhode Island
I street, 60 N of Twenty-flfth, N 25 by E 100; '
I * —■
William J. and Emma C. Gunn to Frank 8.
md Mary R. Marshall, lot on E line of Elev
enth avenue, 260 8 of Point Lobos avenue. S
25 by E 120; $10.
Aaron ard Louise R. Hertnghl to James L.
Dutton. lot on NE corner of Nineteenth ave
nue and B street. E 32:6 by N 100: $10.
Sarah A., Alfred T. and Frank H. Fisher to
George D. Toy, lot on SE corner of Twenty
third avenue and C street, B 240 by S 600;
$10.
Edrick L. Walley to Henry Moehlenbrock,
lot on N line of I street, 32:6 B of Eleventh
avenue. E 25 by N 100: $10.
Jonas and Rosa Israel to F. Korbel A Bros.,
lot on E line of Forty-second avenue, 175 S
of R «treet, S 75 by E 120, quitclaim deed;
$1-
F. Korbel A Btos. tq J. W. Wright A 80ns
Investment Company, same; $10.
Bxiquta F. Jewett to same, lot on W line of
Thirty fifth avenue, 100 N of U street, N 100
by W 120; $10.
W. F. and M. L. Wise to Frances C. Har
\ renstrln, lot on NE line of Goettlngen street,
160 SE of Word. SE 50 by NE 120, lot 7, block
29. Pari tract; $10.
London, Paris and American Bank and
Thomas P. H. Whltelaw to Peter Vlgneau, lots
6 to 8, block 11, Sunnyvale Homestead Associa
tion: $1%
Pierre vlgneau to Thomas P. H. Whltelaw,
lot 99, Ben Franklin Homestead; $10.
James Camp to Mary E. Clark, lot on 8 line
of Holloway street. 25 W of Bright. W 50 by
S 100. lot 32 and 33. block 5. Lakeview; $10.
John F. and Charlotte V. Bird to Alicia G.
Ovledo. lot on SW line of West avenue, 160
SE of Patton street. SE 25. SW 137:6, NW 25,
NE 132:8. lot 7. block 2, Holly Park; $10.
James and Margaret F. Sharp to Bernhard
Gets, lot on S corner of Persia and London
streets, SE 25 by 8W 100, block 11, Excelsior
Homestead: $10.
Edward and Mabel M. Frank (Mabel Marlln)
to Lucy A. Marlln, lot 14, block F, Lake View;
$10.
Estate of Fannie P. Farnsworth (by Letta P.
Farnsworth. executrix) to Margaret McVlcker,
lot 20. block G, Sunset Heights, reserving right
of way; $400.
Lotta P. FarnsTworth to same, same; $400.
Estate of Fannie P. Farnsworth (by Lotta P.
Farnsworth. executrix) to Lillian R Heussler.
N 6:7 feet of lot 39. block G, Sunset Heights;
$151.
Lotta Farnsworth to same, same; $18L
Builders" Contracts,
D. L. Randolph (owner) with Bush A Mal
lett Company (contractors), architects Cunning
ham A Politeo —Tiling, etc., for a six-story
and basement brick building on lot on W line
of Mason street. 30 N of O'Farrell. N 85, W
103:1%, 8 115, E 23:1%, N 30. E SO; $6000.
Same owner with James Cahlll A Co. (con
tractors), architects same—Painting, tinting,
etc., for same on same; $3175.
Mrs. Mary J. Hanley (owner) with U. 8.
Slmonds (contractor and architect) —All work
except mantels for removal and alteration of
frame building Into flats on lot on N line
of Eighteenth street, 50 E of Harrison (build
ing to be moved from NW comer Nineteenth
and Florida streets): $1850.
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Company (own
ers) with Knowles A Relchley (contractors),
architect J. R. Miller —Carpenter, mill work,
lumber, rooflng. tinning, galvanized iron stairs,
hardware, glazing, plumbing, painting, eto..
for a five-story and basement brick building
on NW comer of Twentieth and Harrison
streets. N 246. E 100. S 245. W 100; $14,621.
Same owners with Raihey A Phillips (con
tractors), architect same—Brick and iron work,
flre escapes, etc.. for same on same; $11,870.
Same owners with George J. Wellington
(contractor), architect same—Sprinkler system
for same on same; $2977.
Theresa A. Oelrichs (owner) with A. J.
Coffee Company (contractors), architects Reid
Bros.—Electrical work for building bounded
on N by Sacramento street. E by Powell S
by California. W by Mason: $35,490.
Mrs. Anna Horstmann (owner) with L B.
Floan (contractor), architect Chr. BJorhoode—
All work for a two-story frame building on
W line of Stanyan street. 26 S of Parnassus
avenue; $4375.
Masked Man Robs Soldier.
William Thompson, a soldier, re
ported to the police last night that he
was held up and robbed by a masked
man at the- corner of Montgomery
avenue and Vallejo street shortly
after midnight. The highwayman re
lieved Thompson of $7 and made good
his escape.
Dragged By a Car.
George Hughes, a clerk residing at
1110 Eddy street, tried to board an
Eddy street car near Mason late last
night. He missed his footing and was
dragged several feet, sustaining a dis
location of the left leg.
POLICE BOARD
SEATS POHEIM
Commissioner Begins Work
by Favoring Renewal of
the Restaurant Licenses
WEEK'S GRACE IS GIVEN
Resorts Must Make Changes
to Comply With Law or
Permits Will Be Refused
Without any special ceremony Dr.
Joseph F. Poheim, appointed to the
Board of Police Commissioners by the
Mayor, presented his credentials last
night at the regular meeting and at
once began his official duties. The
election of a board president was not
referred to during the evening and
will be decided at a later session.
The proprietors of three French
restaurants, the Old Poodle Dog, Del
monico's and the Bay State, appeared
last night before the Board of Police
Commissioners to ask for a renewal
of their licenses to retail liquor in
their places of business. The licenses
of all three places expired during the
past two weeks and the board has re
fused renewals unless the proprietors
comply with the municipal ordinance
prohibiting the sale of liquor to rooms
over restaurants.
j Nathan M. Adler, proprietor of the
I Bay state, asked for a continuance of
■ one week to enable him to make ar
i rangements with his landlord to ef
! feet changes so as to comply with the
I ordinance. On a tie vote the applica
, tion was denied as far as concerns the
serving of liquor to the rooms. He
was given permission to run the res
taurant downstairs for one week
more.
Adler appealed from the board's de
cision and solicited the support of
Commissioners Drinkhouse and Po
heim. They were in favor of grant
ing the week's extension for the en
tire establishment. Commissioners
Hutton and Reagan steadfastly voted
against allowing liquor to be sold In
the rooms.
j Commissioner Drinkhouse charac
terized the refusal as equivalent to
taking the places away from the pro
! prietors. Commissioner Hutton re-
I torted that It was not a question of
j morality but of the law and that at
I present the places were being con
j ducted in an unlawful manner.
Delmonico's, at 112 O'Farrell street.
I was refused a renewal, but was grant
ed a week's time to make alterations
jto comply with the law and file a new
I application. The board took the same
! action on the license of the Old Poodle
j Dog. A citation was issued to revoke
(the license of the Oberon, 38 O'Farrell
i street.
Patrolman James S. Cook of the
Southern station was found guilty of
not responding to an alarm of fire on
the morning of January 2. He was
fined $25.
Robert Hosman, who was before
the board last week charged with
obtaining money under false pretenses
In connection with his running an in
telligence office at 61 Third street, re
quesMfl the board to transfer his license
to a Miss Rogers, his secretary. The
Commissioners held that the transfer
was no guarantee that the business
would be conducted legally and voted
to revoke the license.
The Grand Jury sent a communica
tion to the Police Commissioners ask
ing them to postpone the hearing of
charges of corruption Tn Chinatown
against Sergeants Ellis, Fraher and
Brophy and Patrolmen Doran, Heinz,
O'Brien, McGrath and Munn. The
hearing was accordingly postponed
until next Wednesday evening.
At midnight the board went Into
executive session to discuss the French
restaurant question and to review the
regulations of the department in rela
tion thereto.
INSANE PATIENT FIGHTS
WITH HOSPITAL ATTENDANTS
His Suddenly Acquired Strength Made
It Necessary for Several Men
to Subdue Him.
With suddenly acquired almost
superhuman strength an Insane pa
tient struggled with all of the ferocity
of a wild animal in an effort to gain his
freedom yesterday afternoon in the
Detention Hospital at the City Hall.
The man is David Curry. He made
an attack on Steward Mannville, who
was escorting him to the detention
ward. The maniac was strangling the
attendant when Edward H. Riis, a re
porter, came to his assistance. Riis
dragged the madman from the stew
ard and the lunatic turned upon him.
A rough and tumble fight followed.
Riis suddenly received a stunning
blow in the face which staggered him.
Assistance came in the persons of
Steward Devere, Ambulance Driver
Rix, Chief Steward Charles Beecher
and Chief Matron Mrs. Floyd Cannon.
The tussle was further enlivened by
the arrival of two policemen. Curry
was conquered and strapped to a bed,
not, however, until he had left marks
upon those who tried to subdue him.
Chief Matron Cannon received a blow
on the left wrist which will cause her
to carry her arm in a sling for a few
weeks, while Riis is nursing a con
tused and lacerated lip. All of the
others have cuts, bruises and contu
sions.
When the unfortunate man came to
his senses shortly after the struggle
he regretted what he had done and
gave an account of himself In a clear
and intelligent way. He said he is
a native of British Columbia and had
been in Arizona, where he was con
fined in a lunatic asylum but was dis
charged as cured. Last Sunday, while
at work in San Mateo, he felt his in
sane spell returning and at once has
tened to this city, where he told his
story to Dr. Carl G. Wilson at the
Emergency Hospital.
ELECTRIC CONTACT MELTS
RINGS ON LIEB'S FINGER
Caterer of the St. Francis Hotel Meets
With Painful Accident After
a Banauet.
Caterer Lieb of the St. Francis Ho
tel met with a peculiar and painful
accident Monday night that has re
sulted in his right hand being placed
on the disabled list. A wedding feast
had just come to a close on the mez
zanine floor of the hotel when Lieb
opened the door of an electric switch
board located in the corridor and pro
ceeded to turn off the electric lights in
the room in which the banquet had
been held. His little finger was
adorned with two plain gold rings
that came In contact with a live wire.
Suddenly there was- a loud report and
Lieb was knocked backward by a ter
rific shock.
Recovering, he glanced at his hand
to discover that the two gold rings
had been melted together and were
sizzling in the burning flesh of his
finger. A physician was summoned
and Anally succeeded in removing the
gold bands and dressing the disfigured
digit of the caterer, who will not en-
Joy the use of his right hand for some
time.
STOCK RAISERS
INVITED HERE
Indications That the Next
Session of the Association
Will Be Held in This City
ACTIVE CAMPAIGN ON
Eight Over Part the Pack
ers and Railroads Shall
Play in Their Deliberations
c 41
special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Jan. 10.—"Come to Cali
fornia and have a good time. Prune
your appetites under our prune trees.
Make dates under a date palm. Go
out to the Cliff House and yell at the
seals. Hop through Chinatown and
take tea with the Japs. Let the Juices
of our vineyards warm the tendrils of
your hearts, and if you don't go 'nut
ty' over the California climate under
our walnut trees, I miss my guess."
Such arguments as these, coming from
C. W. Coe of San Jose, are winning the
fight of San Francisco for the next
convention of the livestock men. Coe
also is giving to everyone who vlslta
the California headquarters a package
of prunes. The California delegation
is almost sure to ~et the next conven
tion. The Los Angeles contingent,
which had been credited with having
an eye on the gathering, is to Join
hands with the San Franciscans.
Chicago and Kansas City were cred
ited with wanting the convention of
1906, but diligent inquiry among the
delegates from these cities failed to
reveal any one who was boosting for
them. Fort Worth and Dallas, Texas,
would like to secure the gathering,
but it is unlikely that they can mus
ter enough support.
A hot fight has broken out in the
ranks of the National Livestock As
sociation over the question of whether
the railroads and packers are to have
representation on the governing board
of the association.
President Frank J. Hagenbarth i«
in favor of the plan and has urged
it strongly. There is a heavy conting
ent of stockmen, particularly those
from the West, who are opposed to' th»
idea, and they are snaking a strong
fight to keep the management of the
organization solely in the hands of the
men who are actively engaged in the
handling or care of stock.
The committee to which the matter
was referred met as a whole to-night
and will report to-morrow to tne gen
eral convention.
The probability is that the -ailroada
will be denied representation on the
Board of Control of the Livestock As
sociation. The general committee of
the livestock industry could not reach
an agreement to-night and will meet
again in the morning. The feeling
manifested against the admission of
the railroads was very strong and the
discussion grew so animated that it
was thought best to adjourn without
action. The packers and all other al
lied industries will probably be ad
mitted, and the railroads alone left
out.
With 1000 delegates in attendance
the annual meeting of the National
Livestock Association was called to
order this morning by President F. J.
Hagenbarth. After the president's ad
dress, John W. Springer of Denver, for
eight years president of the Livestock
Association, spoke in memory of the
members of the association who had
died.
The convention then took up the
question of reorganization and wae
busily engaged with it for several
hours.
The convention of the National Wool
Growers' Association was held this
afternoon and all the old officers and
members of the executive committee
were re-elected. A meeting of the
Western Cattlemen was also held in
the afternoon and a number of papers
were read on the problem of con
trolling cattle scabies.
DISCOVERS OUTFIT FOR
MAKING SPURIOUS COIN
James Russell and His Wife Are Ar
rested for Possessing a Counter
feiter's Paraphernalia.
Secret Service Agent Thomas Bi
Foster yesterday arrested James Rus
sell for having dies, molds, etc., at hie
j home in Stockton. His wife. Kitty
[ Russell, is a variety actress and waa
arrested in Stockton on Tuesday aa
being an accessory to the crime. Both
are in the City Prison and warrante
will be sworn out to-day charging
them with crime. Foster found Rus
sell at the Oakland race track. Rus
sell is about 35 years old and says he
lis a gambler. A "hold-out" card ma-
I chine of his own make was found la
! his possession.
UNION INSTALLS OFFICERS.
Freight Handlers Celebrate Event
With a High Jinks.
The Freight Handlers' Union cele
brated the installation of the newly
appointed officers by giving a high
Jinks and smoker last night at the
Alcazar building. An enjoyable even
ing was spent in the real old house
warming fashion. The following act
ed as officers of the high Jinks com
mittee:
President. C. Reid; vice president, Willtsja
McKenna; recording secretary. T>. J. CMearsi
financial secretary, T. Johnson; treasurer, J.
Madden; sentinel, M. Guer; trustees —T. Can
non. J. Has;an and R. O. Thurman; executive
board—J. Mulligan, J. Johnson and O. Falk;
delegates to San Francisco Labor Council—J.
J. Ryan. J. Mulligan and C. Helson; commit
tee on arrangements for smoker and Installa
tion—J. Madden. D. J. O'Meara, W. Dukioa
and Thomas Clancy.
Butchers' Branches 4. », 6 and 2 of the
Sausage Makers—Chairman, Fred Zimmerman;
vice chairman. P. C. Troy; guide. Augtast
O'Doul; guardian. Jams* L. Welch; sergeant
at arms. John A. Crummey; delegates to tha
Joint executive board—Cattle Butchers. Charles
Wostphal; Sheep Butchers, James J. Kearns
Sr.; Hog Butchers, G. G. Herlng. Sausage
Makers—Chairman. Charles Elchhorn; vice
chairman. Fred Laubscher; guide. Joseph Rlch
berger; guardian. Henry Sandl; sergeant at*
arms, Henry Dreyer; delegate to the Joint
executive board. John Rlchberger. past presi
dent.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
AJUUVfID.
Tuesday, January 10.
Schr Liszzie Vance, Jensen. 4 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Forester. Dal wests, 6 days from. Fort
Blakeley.
Schr Endeavor. McAUlp. 10 days from Port
Gamble.
Schr Annie M. Campbell. Larsea A days
from Aberdeen.
Schr Repeat. Wilson. 6 days from Gray*
Harbor.
Schr John A, Olsen, 2 daya from Eureka
Schr Volant. Skipper, 8 days from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen. 78 hours from Bel
lingham.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN—SaiIed Jan 10— Stmr Centra.
Ua, for San Pedro; schr Halcyon, for s an
Francisco.
. SEATTLE —Arrived Jan 10—Stmr Jefferson
from Skagway.
INCREASES CAPITAL.—The United Bank
and Trust Company, formerly the Citizens'
Bank of San Francisco, yesterday filed its
notice of the increase of its capital
from $80,000 to $2,000,000 In accordance with
an action of the stockholders at a m**tin.
held on September 28 last. meetingCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SI MMARY OF THE MARKETS.
3vVrj York Stocks higher on the day. Cotton again lower.
!_ively dealings in local Gas Stock.
:; Mining Stocks itdry active and firm.
• Shipment of $1,775,315 in Specie to China and Jafcrn.
/' Silver declined }4c Sterling Exchange firm.
iiit££df mat kcd up aoc and Coal Oil down y'zC
Wheat Freights low and demoralized.
'.'• '{y'heat and Barley Futures lower. Cash Grain stead y.
v Com and Rye firmly held*
'.'Heans developing more life and firmness. Seeds quiet,
ito and Onion markets in better shape for sellers,
idtry firm and in active demand. Game plentiful and we
. iued cool weather operating against fresh Fruits.
Fruits, Nuts and Raisins about as before.
/'• visions still slow in all markets.
'..'•• V \ le, Sheep and Flogs unchanged.
■ es and Leather firm and active.
-. ,*>" more active and higher again.
\ntlcr.and Eggs weak and the latter lower.
Banking Matters.
. V •Nevada National Bank reported Its con- '
J ; ■••••ember 31 as follows:
." . ' ASSETS. ,
••Leans and discounts $5,331,189 60
' •••. . "Uites bonds 3.460.318 93 i
.;!•:;•;■. bonds 1,520.772 41 .
.' ;'.• Vs' liability on letters of
..-■;■:'•.< etc s 2,470,026 67
Ban fing house, furniture and flx
rtjt • 353,350 00 | ,
'.'Si', V o.i hand $2,957,562 33
.. tVlrom banks 3.030.545 76 j i
.'.'•' mailable cash. 5.988,108 09 j
Redemption fund with United
" .-.•..Treasurer 150,000 00 1
lal--assets $19,273.765 60
LIABILITIES. |
- : $3,000,000 00
Sorbins and undivided profits 1.883,126 48
p'terlfng credits,-etc 2.496.736 45
■tlonal. bank notes 3,000,000 00
DepWnfta 9.093.903 67
„ Total liabilities 819,273,765 60
The-'.bank has decided to enlarge Its present
quarters by t*>k lw g ln>tk« premises now occu
pied-by'tin* Pacific States Savings. Loan and
'. :ing .Company at 410 Pine street.
■K. Mcintosh, heretofore assistant cashier
■ the First National Bank, has been ap
pointed vice president and general manager of
the.' San Francisco National Bank.
' Th«. annual meeting of the shareholders of
•re • Humboldt Savings Bank will be held on
,tenuarj 26.
. . The Weather and Crops.
. The weekly report of A. G. MeAdie, section
director'of the climate ana crop service of ths
W.-ather Bureau, is as follows:
' GENERAL SUMMARY.
' "rfre weather has been cool, cloudy and foggy
in-.nearly all parts of the State since the first
•'of''the-month, with frequent frosts. Generous
rains' h;.ve fallen In all sections since the close
•of the -last weekly report, and the southern
districts have been immeasurably benefited.
Th>'" high winds caused no damage.
" l?arry sown grain is" in excellent condition in
.most'places, though its growth has been slow
"•during the cold and foggy weather. A large
i 'aCrtfago has been sown to wheat, oats and bar
..ley,' and this Is being considerably increased.
I . Ploying, and -seeding are progressing In all
.buttons, and are nearly completed in some
'ida'ces Grean A-ed is plentiful and of good
duaVit>- in the central and northern sections
ji find.rapidly improving In »he south. The rains
f 'during the latter, part of December and up to
rha*close -of the -a-nek have materially changed
eri id' conditions in Southern California and the
Harr-Joaquin ' Valley, as well as the southern
.coast, districts, and the outlook for grain and
•grass in all those sections Is far better than at
thist-'time last year. Some of the dry-sown
(train in Southern .California is up and looking
very wjl, and the hillsides are becoming green.
' Oti'rigt harvest is in progress in Southen.
and -.he Cloverdale districts and
completed elsewhere. Good crops have been
: ecured-in. the Porterville and Orovllle districts
a.jid-..the. yield is turning out better than ex-
Pt"ct»s<r .fn portions of Southern California.
Oranges and lenjons have matured earlier than
'rhe.-crop -of" last year and the yield In most
•i'dacps' has been slightly better. Lemon pick
ing a,ntl.-shlbptng are In progress in the south.
'•Pmn'.r.Er- in orchards and vineyards progresses.
VALLEY. — Cool weather]
sin ct»; January 1, and cloudy, with a good deal I
• -aLJbg .since the 3d. The low temperature (30
.degrees-)' on the 4th occurred during "heavy fog
•and. no .damage resulted. Grain is in excellent
'condition and feed is still very abundant.
Tfhvf'price of hay will be very materially af
:'''f ec.t-t.-d.. by the abundance or green feed. Prun
• .liig '.orchards and vineyards is progressing rap
:ld,?y 'and -the' setting of vines and strawberries
is' also, going or*.
•"• .''OTAST AND BAY SECTIONS. — Partly
. '.filorrcj- .and cool weather prevailed most of the
.' • 'wefky with heavy rain In all sections. The
\ ."fjoh}?' .weather retarded growth of grain and
•"• prass." aad frosts caused some damage to grow
'■ Ing.' vegetation. Early grain continues in good
..=. /on'd'jtlon -and gives promise of a large crop.
■*F-!ojyirig 'and seeding are progressing slowly in
sojrj.i: actions, owing to heavy rain. Pastur
.- age: Is abundant and of good quality, and ct t
-. 'tie-are in excellent condition. The rain of the
preceding week was very beneficial to crops of
• .all'kinds-In- the southern districts. Pruning is
.•progressing. Cloverdale oranges are in market.
•-.'• -SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY. —Cold, cloudy and
••'foggy weather has prevailed most of the time
■•" iHnce-tbe first of the month, with rain in most
places during the period. Frosts have been
•' frequent but caused no serious damage. The
cold weather retarded the growth of grain and
. grass, somewhat, but both are in fair condition.
•Plowing and seeding are progressing, and in
' some places the acreage In grain is being con
" sidefably- increased. Green feed Is plentiful in
most -sections and cattle are in good condition.
'Priming la In progress in vineyards and or
chard's. Orange harvest Is practically com
• pleted; .the crop was large and of excellent
quality..
~ SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA— Frequent rains
since the latter part of December and up to
the- -close cf the week have materially Im
proved the condition of all crops. The soil is
nov in excellent condition, and plowing and
Feeding are progressing rapidly. Some of the
early sdwh grain is up and looks very well.
. -Pasturage is steadily Improving and stock are
/'"in ebetter condition than at last report. Oranges
" and lemons are being harvested and shipped in
/considerable quantities. No serious damage
lias'been done by frost.
• LOS ANGELES SUMMARY. —In most sec
' Hon* last week's rain gave pasture a good
start'arid rushed plowing and seeding, which
:hadc'ome to a standstill from lack of rain;
also ■benefited orchards and stopped irrigation.
•Week ended with rain.
EHftEKA SUMMARY. —Weather favorable.
Oati'ahn grass made good growth. Plowing
. - .and -seeding general and progressing rapidly.
Pasturage abundant and stock in fine condi
", |lon.
•I. EASTERN MARKETS.
••New York Money Market.
N"EW YORK Jan. 10.—Money on call was
steady «.t 2%@2% per cent; closing bid, 2%
per cent; offered 2% per cent. Time loans
were steady-, with sixty days at 2% per cent,
ninety days at 3 per cent and six months at
.'i J , 4 per tent. Prime mercantile paper, 4<g4%
per cent. Sterling exchange was strong, clos
ing easy with actual business in bankers' bills
at $4.8750®4.5700 for demand and at $4.85®
- >-r,(is for sixty-day bills. Posted rates,
$4 55%©4 88. Commercial bills, $4 84%. Bar
?iiver.."6o%c. Mexican dollars, 47% c. Bonds—
■ G;v.ernments. steady: railroads, irregular.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— To-day's unimpor
tant sjcfck market was very similar to that
oi .yesterday, except that to-day the neglect
v as-ev.-n more pronounced, the early rise '.ess
• 'v!» irotis and the reaction not so sharp- As a
•'trial'at speculative sentiment on the part W
' rhe-professional element it followed yesterday"*
dines almost exactly and demonstrated quite
• clearly 'that a momentary advance in prices
. has .no fpow.er yet to attract public opinion."
'here wais apprehension, Indeed, that the a<l-
In prices was made to afford a basis
yor'*elling of the present speculative holdings,
but the. oharacter of th(" market did not offer
much '.intrinsic probability for this view. Deal
ings . were much larger on the advance than
■in -the decline. That is to say, in the phrase
the hoard room, the market bulled hard, but
_r\HnM was :io notable pressure to sell and such
r- 'as ihdte \vas was not pushed at the lower .
•level of' prices. Succh A condition serves to
dissuade the bears from making short sales
In the market. The trading ts so narrow and
' d'f so .highly professional a character as to lend
.Itself to description only in technical terms.
The-appearance of a published interview by aii
active gpee'Ulatlve leader professing extremely
hopeful views of higher prices aroused but
tepid interest, on account of some of the
market precedents as to former responses to
similar outgivings. Attention was given to
tho active discussion in the political world
of the prospect for tariff revision and the
probable period for the undertaking, and the
activity of this discussion modified to some
extent the feeling caused by yesterday's con
viction that no action would be taken at *.-ie
present session of Congress. A reduction in
the German bank rate, while it marked the
cessation of the drawing of gold to that cen
ter, was obviously designed to prepare the
money market for the placing of the Russian,
lean and the reports received later in the day
of the prospective success of that loan re
lieved some apprehension of a shock to the
financial world due to earlier reports that the
Usue would prove unsuccessful. Meantime the
strong attraction for gold at Paris continued,
as did the preparations for further large *'a»;>
ments from New York, The official state
ment of the production of gold on the Ratio,
for December, giving output as 362,264 ounces,
attracted attention on account of the unin
terrupted expansion shown In the monthly rate
of output from that center. The maximum
monthly production of gold In the Tran«vaul
Is 459,709 ounces In August, 1899. The pre
sent rate of Increase, which has gone on stead,
lly since the resumption after '.he Boer war,
thus promises to bring the supply from that
field Up to the maximum within the next year. ;
The importance of this large source of repkn- ;
ishment for the world's stock of gold must i
be taken account of In the consideration of the
money and financial prospect. Professional at
tention centered on the Pacifies. Not much
of the early advances was left at the clos
lic. which was heavy.
There was much variety in the bond market,
but prices moved irregularly. Toi.il sales, par
value. $3,755,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the las., call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 2,700 i 87% 87% 87%
Atchison pfd 900 101 100% 100%
Atlantic Coast Line .-... 123
Baltimore & Ohio.. 6,800 105 104% 104
Bait A Ohio pfd... 300 96% 96 96
Canadian Pacific... 1,000 132% 132% 132%
Cen of New Jersey , 192
Ohe?ap«ak« A Ohio. 1.000 48 48 47%
Chicago & Alton... 800 42% 42 42%
Chi A Alton pfd ' 80
Chi Great West... 5,700 22% 22% 22%
Chicago A N W .. 205
("Til. Mil A St P.. 1,600 173 172K 172%
Chi Term A Trans. 1,700 10% 9% 10%
r-hl T& T pfd 600 20 19% 19%
C. C, C & St Louis 88
Colorado A South 22%
Coh A South Ist pfd 100 61 81 60%
■>jlo A South 2d pfd 33% ;
Delaware A Hudson 184
Del. La-k A West 335
Denver A Rio 0 31%
Den A Rio G pfd... 200 85% 85% 85%
Erie 13,200 40% 39% 39%
Erie Ist pfd 4,500 78V4 77% 77%
Erie 2d pfd 1,900 61 % 61 60%
Hocking Valley.... 100 90% 90% 90%
Hocking Valley pfd 93%
niraofl Central 5.300 159 158% 158%
lowa Central 29
lowa Central pfd.. 100 56 56 55%
X C Southern 28%
X C Southern pfd.. 1,900 53% 53% 53%
Louis A Nash 5.100 141 139% 140%
Manhattan L 4,300 168% 167% 167%
Metropolitan Sees.. 2.000 75% 74 75
Metropolitan St Ry 1.400 116 114% 115%
Mexican Central... 20,200 24% 23% 23%
Minn A St Louis 50
M. St P A S S M 89%
M. StP A SS M pfd 146
Missouri Pacific 4,600 106% 106% 106
Mo, Kan A Texas 1,500 32 > 31% 31%
M, KATpfd 300 63% 62 62%
Ntl RR of Mcx pfd 9,900 43 % 42% 43%
New Tcrk Central. 1,200 144% 148% 143%
NY. Ont AW 400 41% 41 41
Norfolk A West... 1,300 79% 79% 79%
Nor A West pfd 90
Pennsylvania 28,100 138% 137% 137%
P, C. C A St Louis 76
Reading 26,200 82 % 81% 81%
Reading Ist pfd 91%
Reading 2d pfd.... 84
Rock Island Co 11,000 36% 36% 36%
Rock Island Co pfd 84
StL ASF 2d pfd.. 300 70% 70% 70%
St Louis S W 200 25 % 25%' 24%
St Louis S W pfd.. 700 58% 58 58
Southern Pacific... 18,500 66% 64%' 65%
Southern Pac pfd.. 1,000 116% 116% 116%
Southern Railway.. 3,700 35% 35 35
Southern Ry pfd.. 100 96% 96% 96%
Texas A Pacific... 1,400 35% 34% 34%
T, St Lft W. 100 36% 36% 36
T. St L A W pfd 54
Union Pacific 81.100 115% 114% 114%
Union Pacific pfd.. 800 97 % 97% 97
Wabash 400 21% 21% 21%
Wabash pfd 600 42% 42% 42%
Wheeling ALE 18%
Wis Central 21%
Wis Central pfd... 100 45% 45% 46
Express Companies—
Alams » --. 230
American 212
United States 119
Wells-Fargo 233
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 18,100 74 73% 73%
Amer CA F 1.300 84% 33% 33%
Amer CA F pfd.. 200 93 93 92%
Amer Cot Oil 35%
Amer Cot OH pfd 95
Amer Ice 300 6% 0% 6%
Amer Ice pfd 1,300 36% 35% 36%
Amer Lin OH 15%
Amer Lin Oil pfd 37
Amer Locom 800 35% 35 34%
Amer-Docom pfd... 300 104% 104% 104%
Amer ft ft Ref .... 5,000 81% 80% 81%
Amer S A Ref pfd 600 112% 112% 112
Amer Bug Ref .... 2.100 142 140% 141 %
Amer Tob pfd cert 3,200 94% 93% 94
Ananconda Mln Co 100 107% 107% 107%
Brooklyn R T 8,400 60% 60% 60%
Colorado FA I ... 900 46% 45%. 45%
Consolidated Gas .. 700 196 195%• 195%
Corn Prod 1,600 21% 20% 20%
Corn Prod pfd .... 1.800 79 77% 78%
Distil Securities .. 300 37% 37% 37%
O nerSl Electric 186%
Inter Paper 600 22 22 22
Inter Pa pt pfd ... 500 77 % 77% 70%
Inter Pump' 400 37 37 36%
Inter Pump pfd _. ..' 86
National Lead .... #0 25% 24% 25
North American .. 100 100% 100% 100%
Pfclflc Mill 100 45% 45% 44%
People's Gas 2,200 106% 106 106%
Pressed St Car 37%
Pressed St Car.pfd 200 90% 90 89%
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 238 238 238
Republic Steel 300 16% 16% 16%
Republic Steel pfd 68
Rubber Goods .... 7.400 28% 27 26%
Rubber Goods pfd.. 200 96 95 »4%
Term Coal A Iron.. 100 71 71 70%
U S Leather 4,100 13V, 12% 13
U 8 Leather pfd.. 1.900 101% 100% 100%
TT 8 Realty 300 79% 7IP-4, 79%
U S Rubber 7,200 38% 36% 38
T P Rubber pfd . . 2,700 101 100 100%
U S Steel 23.300 29% 29% 29%
U 8 Steel'pfd 25,700 92% 92 »2%
Va-Car Chem 1,200 38 % 37% 87%
Va-Car Chem pfd.. 100 109 109 108%
Westlnghouse 200 180 180 179
Western Union 92%
Total sales. 436.600.
New York Bonds.
U 8 ref'2s reg. .104%! Japan 6s cert... 96%
Do coupon 104%|L A N unified 4s. 102%
Do 3s reg 103%lMan con gold 4s. 106%
Do coupon 104%lMtx Central 45... 74%
Do new 4s reg. 131 | Do Ist mc 25%
Do coupon 131 IMlnn A St L 45.. 96%
Do old 4s reg. 105%1M, X A Texas 45.100%
Do coupon 105%' Do 2ds 86%
Amer Tob 4s, cert 72V4INR of Mcx con 4s 81
Do Bs, cert 11l IN V C gen 3%5..100
Atch gen-4s 103%!N J C gen 5s 134%
Do ad] 4s 94%!N0r Pacific 45....105%
Atlantic C L 45.101%! Do 3s 77%
Bolt A Ohio 45.104%1N0r A W con 45.102
Do 3%s 95 IO S L refdg 45... 97%
Central of Ga 55.113%1Pa cony 3%»... ..103%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1905.
Do Ist mc 91 ißeading gen 45...101%
Do 2d mc 73 |S L & I M con 55.110%
Ches & Ohfo 4%5.109 |S L & S F fg 4s. 88%
Chi & Alton 3145. 81 I St L S W con 4s. 80%
C. B & Q new 4a. 99 % |Seaboard A L 4a. 86
C. R I & Pac 4s. 81%|So Pacific 4s 95ft
Do col 5s 96 V, So Hallway 5e 118
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.lol%lTex & 'Pac 15t 8 ..120%
Chi Term 4s 87 |Tol. St L & W 4s. 84%
Colo Midland 45.. 74%1Un10n Pacific 45.105%
Colo & So 4s 92 Do cony 4s 114%
Cuba ss. cert 104%|U S Steel 2d 55.. 92%
Den & Rio G 4e.100 (Wabash Ist* 118%
Dist Securities 5s 79 Do deb B 67
Erie prior lien 4s. 100%! Western Md 45... 91%
Do gen 4s 91« lw & L Brie 45... 94
F W 4 D C Ist*. 108% I Wis Central 45... 91
■k Val 4%5...109%|
Xew York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 20! Little Chief 05
Alice 601 Ontario 3 75
Brcece .., 20,Ophir 5 25
Bruns Con 091 Phoenix 00
Com Tunnel 09|Potost 18
Con Cal & Va... 170 Savage 40
Horn Silver 1 50'Slerra Nevada 48
Iron Silver 2 20 Small Hopes 25
Leadvllle Con 02' Standard 1 50
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— I United Fruit 104%
Call loans 2%@3%>U S Steel 29%
Time loans 3%@4%| Do pfd 92
Bonds — iWestlng Common. 92
Atchison 4s 102%! Mining-
Do adj 4s »4%!Allouez 20%
Mcx Central 45... 74%|Amal Copper 73%
Railroads— lAmer Zinc 12
Atchison 87 1 Atlantic 17%
Do pfd loo%|Blngham 33
Boston & Albany.2s6 iCalumet & Hecla.66o
K'-.-trm & Maine.l7s ICentennlal 25
Boston Elev 156%' Copper Range ... 68%
Fltchhurg pfd 143 iDalv West 14%
Mcx Central 23%'Dom Coal 00
N T. N H & H..202 IFranklin 11%
Pere Marquette... 5
Union Pacific ...114%'I«le Royale 25*<
Miscellaneous — [Mass Mlntng .... 9%
Amer Arge Chem. 20 |Michigan 10
Do pfd 86HiMohawk 51%
Amer Pneu Tube. 4% Mont Coal * Coke 4%
Amer Sugar I41%!01d Dominion ... 27%
Do pfd 138 [Osceola 03
Amer Tel Sz Te1.146 [Parrot 28%
Amer Woolen ... 22%IOu!ncy 108
Do ofd 93 I Shannon S%
Dom Iron AS... 18% |Tnmarack 120
Ed Elect Illun*. .2. r >l iTrinity 9
Gen Electric 186 H T S Mining 23%
Mass Electric i:t'., r Q oil 10*4
Do pfd 58%' Utah 42
Mass Gas 38*1 Victoria 5
Un Shoe Mach... 08 IWinona 11%
Do pfd 32 I Wolverine 105
London Closing Stocks.
Cons money SR 5 I«'N V Central 149
Do acct 88 7-16|Nor & West pfd.. 95
Anaconda s%'Ont & Western... 42%
Atchison 80%! Pennsylvania 80%
Do pfd 103ii;Rand Mines 11%
Bait Sz Ohio 107%IReading 42
Can Pacific 136%1 Do Ist pfd 47
Ches & Ohio 49%! Do 2d pfd 43
Chi Great West.. 23% So Railway 16%
Chi, Mil & St P. 176% Do pfd 99
De Beers 18 So Pacific «6%
Den & Rio G.... 33 Union PacMe 117%
Do pfd 78% Do pfd 90%
Erie 41%|U S Steel 30V,
Do Ist pfd 60 I Do pfd 90%
Do 2d pfd 63% Wabash 22
111 Central 163% l Do pfd 44
Louis St Nash 143%|Spanlsh 4s 80%
M. X Sz Texas... 32%!
Bar silver—Quiet; 27 13-16 d per ounce.
Money—l%©2% per cent.
The rate of discount 1n the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent and for three
months' bills 2%@2 11-16 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.—To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
serve in the division of redemption, shows
available cash balance, $141,987,397;' gold,
$71,835,858.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.—Cotton futures
opened easy; January, 6.87 c; February, 6.89 c;
March. 6.94 c; April, 7.02 c; May, 7.04 c; June,
7.11 c; July, 7.16 c; August. 7.20 c; September,
7.25 c; October. 7.28 c; November, 7.25 c.
Futures closed barely steady: January, 6.70 c;
February, 6.74 c; March. 0.78 c: April. 6.83 c;
May, 6.87 c; June, 6.93 c; July, 6.98 c.
Spot cotton closed quiet, 10 points lower;
middling uplands 7.15 c; middling gulf, 7.40 c.
Sales, 1025 bales.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Jan. 10.— FLOOR—Receipt*,
28,200 barrels; exports, 1900 barrels. Firm,
with fair demand.
WHEAT —Receipt*, 10,700 bushels; exports,
40,000 bushels. Bpot Irregular; No. 2 rtd,
$1 22% elevator and $1 24 f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 Northern Duluth. *1 27% f. o. b. afloa».
Options opened off a little under easy Liverpool
cables and foreign selling but had a strcng
advance later on Wall street buying, a big
decrease in world's stocks for the week and
room covering. Eventually the market broke
under elevator selling West and closed %c to
lc net lower. May, $1 16%<gl 18, closed at
$1 16%; July. $1 03%ig>l 04, closed at $1 03%.
HOPS—Firm.
HIDES—Firm.
WOOL—Firm.
PETROLEUM—Easier. Refined New York,
$7 40., Philadelphia and Baltimore, $7 35; do.
In bulk, $4 45.
SUGAR—Raw, strong. Fair refining, 4%c;
centrifugal, 86 test, sc; molasses sugar, 4%c;
refined, firm.
COFFEE —The market for coffee futures
closed steady, net unchanged to 5 points hlgjer.
Total sales. 84,205 bags, including: March,
7.90 c; May, 8.15 c; July. 8.30 c; September, 8.50
©8.55 c: December, 8.75 c.
HTHTER— Unchanged.
CHEESE —Unchanged.
EGGS— Strong. Western fancy selected. 81c;
do average best, 30c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES —The market is
moderately firm and active at full late prices.
Common. 4«f4%c; prime, sc; choice. 5%@5%c,
nnd fnncv. fi(97c.
PRUNES—Show no fresh development, re
maining firm on a fair jobbing demand. Qu< -
tatlons range from 2c to 5%c, according to
grade.
APRICOTS —Are in sellers' favor, with
choice at 9%c; extra choice, 10%@llc, and
fancy, 12«r15c.
PEACHES —Rule firm on a fair demand:
Choice 9%c: extra choice, 10%@10%c, and
fancy,' 11 %®l2c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 10. —The London metal I
markets are again easier, with the exception
of spelter.
Tli. suffered the most severe shock, cloning
at £131 for soot and £130 10s for futures.
The local market for tin, having advanced
recently largely as a matter of sympathy j
with London was affected by the foreigh
break and closed weak at $28 »3@29 16.
Copper, however, was unchanged locally and !
is reoorted in a firm position, with lake I
quoted at 15.37»@1fi.50c; electrolytic, 15.12%
®15.25 c; casting, 14.87%@15.12%c. It was
reported that in some instances lake and
electrolytic were being quoted slightly below
these prices, but It Is probable that no tran
sactions of importance could be made under
the figures given. In London copper de- I
cllned to £68 for spot and £08 5s for futures.
Lead was quoted at £12 18s 9d in London.
Locally the market is Arm at 4.60®4.75c.
Spelter was unchanged at £25 2s 6d in
London and at 6.15®6.26c locally, with gome
dealerc'said to be paying as high as 6.30 c
for prompt delivery-
Iron closed at 54s 6d in Glasgow and at
40s 9d In Mlddlssboro. Locally the market •
continues firm. No. 1 foundry northern is
quoted at $17 50@15 95; No. 2 foundry north
ern at $17 50; No. 1 foundry southern and
No. 1 foundry southern soft at $17 75@18.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.—Special cable and
telegraphic communications received by Brad
street's show the following changes In avail
able supplies as compared with previous ac
count:
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of j
the Rockies, decrease, 1,005,000 bushels. Afloat
for and in Europe, decrease, 5,300,000 bushels.
Total supply, decrease, 6,395,000 bushels.
Corn. United States and Canada, east of the ;
Rockies, Increase. 1,333.000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the I
Rockies, decrease, 2,035,000 bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Jan. 10.—The visible supply
o* grain Saturday. January 7, as compiled by
the New York Produce Exchange, is as fol
lows:
• Bushels. Increase. Decrease.
Wheat 26,266,000 353,000
Corn 10,919,000 842,000
Oats 21,202,000 690,000
Rye 2,038,000 55,000 I
CHICAGO BOARD OP TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Jan. 10.—The whent market at 1
the opening gave evidence of some willing
ness to sell below the figures current at the
end of the previous day's session. Initial
quotations on May were unchanged to %c
lower at $1 17 to $1 17%. The factor that
Inspired the early selling was a decline In
prices at Liverpool. Aside from the weak
ness of foreign grain markets, however,
the tenor of general news was bullish.
Northwestern receipts were small and the
extreme cold weather In the Northwest prom
ised a continuance of light movement from
the farms. The visible supply statistics
showed a decrease of 353.000 bushels. As a
result bearish sentiment in the pit soon gave
way and the market became remarkably
strong. Shorts were anxious buyers and
quickly bid up the price of May to $l 18%, a j
price only a trifle below the high point
touched during the speculative furor due to
the Northwestern crop calamity. Later in.
the day all of tho advance was lost and
prices dropped to a point considerably below
yesterday's closing. May selling off to $1 16%.
The break was due largely to heavy realiz
ing sales by a leader of the bull clique.
There was also moderate selling resulting
from a partial let-up In the demand for cash
wheat at Minneapolis. The market closed
rather weak, %c lower, with May at $1 16%.
The corn market was comparatively Arm in
spite of lower prices at Liverpool. May
closed at 44% c, a shade higher.
Oats were dull. May closed %c higher at
31 %c.
Provisions held fairly steady in the face
of heavy offerings. May pork closed 5c off,
lard was down 2%@5c, and ribs were 2%c"
lower. J
The leading futures ranged as follows: f
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2—
May 1 17% 1 17% 1 16% 1 16%,
July 96% 100 99% 99V*
Corn. No. 2—
January 41% 41% 41% 41%
May 44% 44% 44% 44"&
July 45% 45% 45 45%
Oats, No. 2 —
January 29% 80 29% 30
May 30% 31% 30% 31%
July 30% 31% 30% 31%
Mess pork, per bbl—
January 12 30 12 30 12 25 12 25
May 12 65 12 67% 12 57% 12 67%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January 670 670 6 62% 6 62%
May 6 92% 6 92% 685 685
July 7 02 % 7 02% 095 695
Short ribs, per 100 lbs-
January •••• .... .6 36
May 6 67% 667 % 660 6 62%
July 6 67%
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Jan. 10.—Cash quotations were
as follows: 'Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
$1 16® 1 17; No. 3, *1 02® 1 15; No. 2 red,
$1 18%@1 21; No. 2 corn, 43c; No. 2 yellow.
43c; No. 2 oats, 30c; No. 2 white, 32c; No. 3
white, 30031% c; No. 2 rye, 75c; good feeding
barley. 36®37c; fair to choice malting, 41®
47c- No. 1 flaxseed, $1 14; No. 2 Northwestern.
$1 23; prime timothy seed, $2 77%; mess pork,
per bbl, $12 25®12 ."..">; lard, per 100 lbs,
$6 02%; short ribs :;Ides (loose), 16 12%@6 25;
short clear sides (boxed), $6 50@6 62%;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 23; clover,
contract grade, $12 75.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 18.800 21,900
Wheat bu 103,000 71,100 ,
Corn bu 665,800 400,100
Oats' bu 197,200 307,500 I
Rye ' bu 7,000 8,500
Barley, bu 105,400 50,100
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Jan. 10.—On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm;
/creameries, 19® 29c; dairies. 18® 24c. Eggs
firm; at mark, cases included. 21®2t!c. Cheese
steady, ll@l2c.
CATTLE. SHEEP AND HOGS.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Jon. 10.—CATTLE—Receipts,
6000; strong. Good to prime steers, $5 65®
6 10- poor to medium. $3 75®5 50; stockers
and ' feeders, $2 25<&4 15; cows, $1 25@4 40;
heifers. $2®5; canners 8 , $1 25@2 50; bulls, $2
®4; calves. 83«6 75. fc
HOGS—Receipts, 30,000; to-mornfw, 35,000;
strong. Mixed and butchers', $4 55®4 80: good
to choice heavy. $4 70®4 82%; rough heavy,
$4 45®4 65; light $4 45i@4 70; bulk of sales,
$4 60®4 72%.
SHEEP—Receipts, 18,000: sheep, strong;
lambs, steady. Good to choice wethers. $5®
5 60- fair to choice mixed, $3 90®5; Western
sheep, 84 2900 60; native lambs. $6®7 75;
Western lambs, $5 f>o©7 60.
Omaha.
OMAHA, Nebr.. Jan. 10.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 6200; 10c lower. Native steers, $3 40®
5 20; cows and heifers, $2 50®4; canners",
$1 50ft2 40: stockers and feeders, $2 50®4;
calves. 32 50®ti; bulls and stags, 11 75®3 50.
HOGS—Receipts, 8500; steady to strong.
Heavy. |4 60®4 07%: mixed, $4 60@4 62%:
light. $4 50®4 i.-.. pigs, $3 50®4 40; bulk of
sales. $4 60®4 62%.
SHEEP—Receipts, 6500; strong. Western
yearlings, $5 2.">!?rti; wethers, $4 75®5 40; ewes,
|4ff?v>; lambs, |6®7.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 10.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 11,000; strong. Native steers, |3 50®
6 76; native cows and heifers, $1 75®4 50;
I stockers and feeders, 12 75®4 25; bulls, $2 25-c/;
4; calveß, $3®6 50: Western fed steers, $3 50®
6 25; Western fed cows, $1 76@3 50.
HOGS—Receipts, 17,000; strong. Bulk of
sales, |4 45*54 70; heavy, $4 65®4 75; packers,
$4 s<i®4 75; pigs and lights, $3 85®4 50.
SHEEP—Receipts. 3000; strong. Muttons,
$4 25®5 50; lambs, 15 50®7; range wethers.
$5® 6 25; fed ewes, $4®5.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening 7 1% 7 1% 7 1%
Closing ► 7 1% 7 % 7 %
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. May-Aug.
Opening 23 45 24 40
Closing 23 35 24 30
Flour —
Opening 31 10 32 15
Closing 31 10 32 25
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Jan. 10.—There is a strong mar
. ket for wool, with trade quiet because of the
; small offerings. Large and small mills have
! been buying, but not in large lots. The most
: important movements have been in Delaine
; wools and the closing out of some Mohtanas.
| The trading in territory wool has been dis
tributed, with prices maintained. Pulled wools
; are steady. Foreign grades are firm. Quota
: tions:
Territory—ldaho, fine. 18%®10c; heavy, fine,
10®17c; fine, medium, 18%®19c; medium,
22028 c; low. medium. 23®24c. Wyoml/ig—
Fine. 17%®18%c; heavy, fine, 15@16c; fine,
medium, 17%®18%c; medium. 23@24c; low,
medium, 23®24c. Utah and Nevada—Fine,
17f;18o; heavy, fine, 15®16c; fine, medium.
17%®18c; medium. 22923 c; low. medium, 23®
24c. Montana —Fine, average. 23®24c: fine
medium, choice. 21®22c: average, 19®20c;
: staple, 22®23c; medium, choice, 23®25c; aver
age, 21®22c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
• ST. LOUIS, Jan. 10. —Wool, steady; medium
I grades, combing and clothing, 23ig24c; light
fine, lM®22%c; heavy fine, 14® 18c; tub washed,
27®41c.
Petroleum.
OIL CITY. Pa., Jan. 10.—Credit balances,
$1 45; certificates, no bid.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Jan. 10. —WHEAT: Export-
Wall* Walla, 81c; bluestem, 85c. Milling—
Walla Walla 85c; bluestem. 88@90c; valley,
87c. Eastern' market basis—Walla Walla. 85c;
bluestem, 90c.
j WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 10.—WHEAT—Unchanged;
i bluestem. 89c; club. 86c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Jan. 10.—Clearings, $921,889;
balances, $180,312.
| TACOMA, Jon. 10.—-Clearings, $465,202;
balances. $47,855.
PORTLAND, Jan. 10.—Clearings, $726,514:
balances, $55,372.
1 SPOKANE, Jan. 10.—Clearings, $462,807;
balances, $110,806.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange continues firm. Silver la
%c lower.
The China took out a treasure list of $1,776,
--815, consisting of $1706 in Mexican dollars,
$3140 in gold coin and $106,000 In silver bul
i lion for Hongkong and $1,664,471 In fine gold
I for KoYe.
f LOCAL.
'Sterling Exchange, sixty day a. .$4 85% ® —
Sterling Exchange, sight 4«67%® —
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 88 ® —
New York Exchange, sight 02%® —
New York Exchange, telegraphic 05 ® —
Stiver, per ounce 60%© —
j Mexican Dollars 49%© —
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris 5.15
; New York on Mexico 202%
; Paris on London 26.14%
Berlin on London 20.42
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS —The demoralization
seems complete. The best rate now obtain
able for European business is said to be 12s 6d.
which is ridiculously low and no spot char
ters are reported. The chartered Wheat fleet
in port has a registered tonnage of 6845,
against 7300 tons on the same date last year;
disengaged, 36,780. against 110,000; on the way
to this port. 177,435 tons, against 188,600.
Mall advices from Sydney, under date of
December 12. say: Wheat chartering for Byd
. ney loading' has ceased, as It Is now very
I certain that tha yield will be seriously short
iof expectation formed on outlook a month
1 ago. Harvesting is now fairly general, the
j results being. In many cases, most disappoint
ing. Millers are scrambling for new crop
grain at prices much about export basis. We
shall not be surprised if some charterers seek
to cancel a portion of their fixtures, while
we look upon a decline in freight rates from
Australian ports as inevitable.
This condition will probably stop the move
ment of vessels from this port to Australia,
seeking business, and is an Important factor in
the current decline In rates.
WHEAT—Foreign futures were weak. Chi
cago was fractionally lower. Most of the wires
being prostrated, there was no news of any
consequence beyond the bare quotations from
the East. This market was unchanged as to
the cash grain, but lower as to futures, with
May active and December quiet.
CASH WHEAT.
1 California Club, $1 45® 1 52%; California
White Australian. $1 60@1 62%; Northern
Club, $1 50® 1 55- Northern Bluestem. $1 60®
I 62%; Northern Red, $1 47% per Ctt
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May SI 47% $1 47% $1 46% $1 46%
December ... 1 32% 1 32% 1 31% 1 31%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May II 46% $1 46% $1 46% $1 46%
December ... 1 82 1 32 1 32 1 32
BARLET—Futures'were quiet and fraction
ally lower. Tho cash grain was firm, with a
fair demand. There were no new features to
report.
CASH BARLET.
Feed. $1 13%@1 17%; Brewing and Shipping,
H 18%@1 22%; Chevalier. $1 20®1 25 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
May—ll 14%.
December—No sales; 98% c asked. «
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 14% $1 15 $1 14% $1 15
December—No sales.
OATS—The situation has made no material
change for ten days. The market continues
firmly held, with receipts and stocks moderate
and the demand up to the average, but con
fined to local needs.
White, $1 45@1 57%; Surprise, $1 65@1 60;
Red for feed, SI 45<tfl 50 for No. 1 and
It 40@1 42% for No. 2; choice, for seed,
|1 50®1 55; Black $1 35@1 45 for feed and
II 6C®l 65 for seed; Eastern White. |1 42%@
1 45 per ctl.
CORN —The market rules firm and higher
prices are asked for straight lots of Califor
nia. Receipts and offerings are moderate.
Western sacked $1 27V.*il 30 for new Tel
low axfd White and |1 22%®1 25 for Mixed;
California large Yellow, $1 30® 1 35; small
round do, $1 65@1 80; White, |1 25®1 3o;
Egyptian, |1 3561 37% for White and |1 17%
®1 20 for Brown.
RYE —Offerings are light and the mar.ket is
Arm at $1 42%©1 47% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT —$1 su<gl 75 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The average demand is reported, with quo
tations the same as for some time past.
FLOUR—California Family Extras. |4 80®
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, 14 70®5;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $4®4 50
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS—Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, S3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, S3 25 (in barrels |4 75); Rye Meal,
|3 50 (In barrels $4 50); Rice Flour. $7; Corn
Meal. $2 50; extra cream do $3 60; Oat Meal,
|4; Oat Groats, 14 25; Hominy. |3 «o®3 85;
Buckwheat Flour, |4 25; Cracked Wheat. S3 75;
Farina, |4; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
(Jets, bbls, |6 75®7 50; in sacks. 14 25; Pearl
Barley, 15; Split Peas boxes. |5 50; Green
Peas. |5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Hay receivers report a very slow demand,
which renders the rrfarket easy, except on
thoee days when there is hardly any In.
Prices have shown no change for some time.
Feedstuffs also remain as before quoted.
BRAN—$2O®2l 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS—S2S®2B per ton.
SHORTS—S2O®2I 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS —Rolled Barley |24 50®25 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, 131 50®
32 50; jobbing, $33; Cocoanut Cake, 828924]
Cocoanut Meal. Corn Meal, |31 50®
32: Cracked Corn, $32®32 50; Mixed Feed. $22
@23; Horse Beans, |30@40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAT—Wheat. |9®14 50; Wheat and Oat,
|9®13 50; Oat, |9@12; Barley and Oat. |8@10;
Volunteer Wild Oat 17010; stable, |9(&10;
stock. |5 50®"; Clover. |7@10; Alfalfa, $9®12
per ton.
STRAW—3S®6Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans are showing more life and tone. The
demand Is now beginning to Improve, though
slowly, and holders are asking higher prices
all around, as will be seen by the new quota
tions. Large and Small Whites are especially
firm and the latter are reported scarce. Llmas
alone are weak and quiet, being affected by
the recent rains in the southern districts.
There is nothing new in Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos. |2 75®3; Pea, 13 25@3 50;
Butter, |3@3 25; small White. S3 25@3 40;
large White, |2 50®2 65; Pink. 83 40®3 60;
Red 14 75@5; Lima, $4 05®4 15; Red Kidneys,
|4 25(g4 50; Blackeyes, 12 50®2 60 per ctl;
Horse Beans, 11 85<a 2 40.
SEEDS—Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 3%(ff3%c; Flax. $2@2 75; Canary,
«%c; Alfalfa, 12%f013c; Rape, 1%®2%c;
Timothy. 5%c; Hemp, 3%®3%c per lb; Mil
let. 2%@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, |20®21 per
ton.
DRIED PEAS—Niles, $1 75®2 50; Green
Peas. $1 75@2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The Potato market is active and firm, with
fancy Burbanks passing out of receivers'
hands as fast as they come lh. There Is quite
an accumulation of low-grade river Burbanks
on the market and they are selling slowly.
There were no fresh Sweets received yesterday
and old stock ruled firm at the previously
quoted rates. Receipts of Onions have been
light for some time and stocks have been re
duced considerably. The best lots readily
brought an advance yesterday.
Offerings of southern vegetables consisted
chiefly of carrled-over stock, fresh receipts
being light, as usual on Tuesday. Choice Egg
Plant was scarce and higher and Peas did
better. The Mexican Tomatoes that came In
on the preceding day were still In receivers'
hands, the price. $1 75 per crate, being more
than the trade cared to pay.
POTATOES—Burbanks from the river, 60®
90c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 15@l 45 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks, $I®l 25 per ctl;
River Reds 50®60c per ctl; Early Rose. $1®
1 20 per ctl: Sweet Potatoes. 90c®$l per ctl.
ONIONS—S2@2 35 per ctl.
VEGETABLES —Green Peas, s®7c per lb;
String Beans, 8® 10c per lb; Wax Beans, 7®
8c; Tomatoes, 75c@$l 25 per box or crate;
Summer Squash, 75c per box; Hothouse Cu
cumbers $1 25CT1 50 per dozen: Cabbage, 50®
60c per ctl; Carrots. 30®40c per sack; Garlic,
7®Bc per lb; Egg Plant, 8®12%c per lb for
southern; Dried Peppers. 10®12%c for sun
dried and 13®14c per lb for evaporated: Green
Peppers 6®Bc per lb; Mushrooms, 10®15c per
lb; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash, $S@lo per
ton.
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market waa In excellent shape
for sellers, receipts being; light and the de
mand brisk, and nearly everything in the
chicken line was quoted higher. A car of
Western stock was marketed, making the third
for the current week, and the receipts from
domestic shipping points were only 48 coops.
Game was In free supply and rather weak.
Haro and several kinds of Wild Ducks were
quoted lower.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, nominal;
Live Turkeys 21®23c per lb; Geese, per pair,
$2@2 25; Goslings. ; Ducks, $5@6 per
dozen for old and $6®7 for young; Hens, $4 50
05 50 for small and $5 50@6 for large; young
Roosters, $6@7; old Roosters, $4 5005; Fryers,
$5®5 50; Broilers, $2 5004; Pigeons, $101 25;
Squabs. $202 50.
GAME—Mallard Ducks, $3®3 50 per dozen;
Canvasback. $304; Teal, $1 50; Sprig. $2@2 50;
Widgeon $1 50; Red Heads. $2 50; small
Ducks. $I®l 50; Grays Geese. $3; White Geese.
75c® $1 25; Brant, $1 5002 for large and 75c@
$1 for small; Honkers. $3@5; Snipe, $3 for
English and $1 50 for common; Hare, $202 25;
Rabbits. $2 50 for Cottontalla and $1 50 for
Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eesrs.
The Butter market continues dull, with most
dealers complaining of an oversupply and will,
ing to meet buyers half way. Quotations,
however, show no change. Cheese also con
tinues quiet at previous prices, with ample
supplies on hand.
Another slight decline in Eggs is noted. The
accumulation of receipts is slowly becoming
more marked, and all houses are anxious to
get the goods off their floors. All. grades of
Eastern are practically cleaned up and are
therefore no longer quotable.
Receipts were 20,800 lbs Butter, 550 cases
Eggs and 6700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER-r-Creamery at first hands. 22%®
23 %c for extras and 20®22c for lower to me
dium grades: dairy, 18®21c; cold storage,
nominal; store Butter, 13@15c; Eastern cubes,
nominal: Eastern ladle-packed. 15®16e.
CHEESE —11c for choice mild new and 10®
10% c for old; cold storage. 10©10% c; Young
Americas. 11012 c: Eastern, 13ffll5c per lb.
EGGS —Ranch, 32%®35c for good to choice
and 30032 c for common; store Eggs, 28®30c:
cold storage. 25®27%c; Eastern, nominal.
Deciduous and Citrug Fruits.
There was a limited Inquiry for fancy Navel
Oranges for shipment to Honolulu, but other
wise the market for Citrus Fruits was quiet,
local trade being of small volume owing to the
continued cool weather. The Apple market was
firm and active, particularly for the upper
grades, and occasional sales of fancy New
town Pippins and Spitxenbergs were reported
at $1 6001 75 per box. Persimmons. Pears
and Bananas were in ample supply and quiet
at the long-established quotations.
APPLES—9Oe®SI 25 per box for fancy and
50®85c for common to choice: Lady Apples,
$1 25®2 per box.
PEARS —Winter Nellls, $1 5002 per box;
cooking varieties, 50c®$1 per box.
PERSIMMONS —50®75c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS —Oranges, Navels, $1 7502
per box for fancy. $1 3501 60 for choice and
$1 1001 35 for standards: Seedlings. 75c®$l;
Tangerines, 75®90c; Japanese Mandarins. 76c®
$1- Lemons. $2 2502 50 for fancy. $1 5002 for
choice and $I®l 25 for standards: Grape Fruit,
$1 50®2; Mexican Limes. $4®4 50 per case;
Bananas, $2@3 per bunch for Central American
and $I®2 for Hawaiian; Plneapplea, $1 5003
per doxen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts. Raisins, Honey.
All Fruits continue quiet at the familiar
prices, and beyond the Increased firmness in
Peaches noted yesterday the market has not
made any material change for some time. The
old story is again repeated that stocks of
everything except Prunes, Raisins and Honey
are small and broken.
Italian Chestnuts are lower.
FRUITS —Apricots, 8011 c for Royals and 11
©12% c for Moorparks; Nectarines, 6%08%c
for White and 6%©7% c for Red; Peaches, 7%0
9%c per lb; Pears, 7®l2c; Plums, pitted 4®
5c for black, 6%©7 c for red and 4%©60
for yellow; Figs 2-crown bricks. 46c; 3-crown.
60c; 4-crown 60c; 6-crown 65c; bulk white.
2%@3c; black. 2%@5%c; Evaporated Apples.
4@6c per lb.
PRUNES—I%®I%c per lb for the four sizes
and 2%c basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS—I9O4 crop f o. b Fresno —Impe-
rial clusters. $2 25@2 50; Dehesa, $1 30@1 35;
London Layers. 85c(g$l; Loose Muscatels. 4
crown, 5®5%c; 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown. 3®3%c;
Seeded, 4%®6c; Thompson's Seedless, 4%@
4%c; Seedless Sultanas, 3@sc per lb.
NUTS—Walnuts No. 1 softshell 12® 13c; No.
2. lueilc; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2. 10c:
Almonds, 16®17c for Nonpareils. 14@14%c for
I X L 13%®14%c for Ne Plus Ultra and 11c
for LangUedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern;
Pecans, 11® 13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50® 5; Chest -
nuts T'SOc per lb for Italian.
HONEY—Comb, 11%@13c for white and 10®
11c for amber; water white extracted, 5%®
6%c; light amber extracted. 5@5%c; dark. 3®
4%c.
B E ESWAX—27@29c per lb.
Provisions.
All quotations remain unchanged, with slow
markets reported everywhere. Stocks are
ample in all positions.
CURED MEATS—Bacon. 10% c per lb for
heavy 10% c for light medium, 13c for light;
14c for extra light and 14% c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides. 10c; Bellies. 11c; Eastern su
gar-cured Hams 12 to 14 lbs. 12% c; 15 to 18
lbs, 12c; 17 to 20 lbs, ll%o; California
Hams. ll%c; Mess Beef. 310® 10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess $10 50®U; Family. $12®12 50;
prime Mess Pork, 314 50; extra clear, 322;
Mess. $16 60; Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet, $5;
Smoked Beef 14c per lb.
LARD—Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound 7c for Eastern oompound
and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9%c; 10
--lb tins. 9%c : 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins. 10c.
COTTOLENE—One half barrel. B%c; three
half barrels, B%c; one tierce.' B%c; two tierces.
BV*c; five tierces. B%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow. Wool and Hops.
The Hop market has again taken a turn for
the better, and 1904 goods are quoted higher,
with more activity. The old quotations for
1905 contracts are continued, but there is
nothing doing at them, as buyers say it is too
early in the season to operate in them.
Wool quotations are dropped, as the market
is cleaned up of everything and the new clip
is not expected to appear before the middle
of March.
Sound Hides continue In active demand for
local tanning account, but grubby lots meet
with little attention. The market rules firm at
previous prices.
HIDES AND SKINS—CuIIs and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. ll%c; medium. 10% c; light. 10c; Cow
Hides, 10c for heavy and 10c for light;
Stags, 7®7%c; Salted Kip, 11c; Salted
Veal, ll%c; Salted Calf, 12% c; dry
Hides, 17%®18c; dry Kip. 15c; dry Calf. 20c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 25<f?40c each; short
Wool, 60@76c each; medium. 80c®$l 10; long
Wool. $1 25® 1 75; Horse Hides salt. $3 for
large and $2 50 for medium. $1 50@2 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for
large and $1 50. for medium. $1 for small, 50c
for Colts. Buck Skins —Dry Mexican. 30c; dry
salted Mexican. 25c; dry Central American,
30c; Goat Skins —Prime Angoras, 75c; extra
large do, $1 26; large. 60c; medium, 85c;
small, 20c.
TALLOW—No. 1 rendered, 4@4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%c; Grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL —Nominal; none here.
crop, 27®30c per lb; 1905 crop,
17%®18c bid.
Meat Market,
Prices have shown no change worthy of note
for some days, as the demand and supply about
balance. The market Is quiet and featureless.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF —6®7c for Steers and 4%®6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL.—Large 6%®Bc; small, B®9%c per lb.
MUTTON—Wethers, 7®Bc; Ewes, 6%@7%c
per lb.
LAMB—9S 10c per lb.
PORK—Dressed Hogs, 6%®8%c per 1».
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 40@
46 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE—Steers, 7>..»1ff7%c; Cows and Heif
ers. 5%®6%c; thin Cows, 4@sc per lb.
CALVES—4®4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP—Wethers. 3%®3%c; Ewes. 3@3%c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS—S2 50®2 75 per head.
HOGS —Live Hogs. 200 to 250 lbs, 4%®4%c;
130 to 200 lbs. 6®5',4C; 80 to 130 lbs. 4%®4%c;
soft Hogs, not wanted; Sows, 20 per cent off;
Boars. 50 per cent off, and Stags. 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS—Grain Bags, 5%®5%c spot and 6®
6%c for June and July; Wool Bags. 30®32c;
Fleece Twine. 7%c.
CANNED FRUlTS—Following are prices for
the 1904 pack:
FRUITS.
>-- M | 03 r.
if- m* » n
* I* I I
k F I : : •
pples
pricots
lackberrles
herTi.es, Royal Anne...
Do white
Do black
rapes, Muscat
ectarines
eaches. Yellow
ears, Bartlett
lums. Green Gage ....
Do Damson
$1 55 $1 30>*1 20 *1 10
1 25 1 15 J, 06
1 60 -1 35 1 25 1 15
2 10 1 80 1 65
2 00 1 66 1 50
1 80 1 65 1 50!
1 25 1 10 I 00 90
1 50 1 25 1 16 1' 05
1 75 1 35 1 25 1 15
1 90 1 60 1 50 1 30
1 35 1 10 1 00' 10
1 40 1 15 1 00 1 00
2 50 2 25 2 00 1 90
2 00 1 75) 1 60| 1 40
aspberries
: raw berries
CANNED VEGETABLES—Tomatoes. 2%-lb,
standards, 65(570c; gallon standards, $2; 3-lb,
solid pack 87%®90c; Green Peas—Petits pois.
$1 35; extra sifted, $1 15; standard sifted. $1;
standards. 85®90c; Marrowfats, 85©87% c f. o.
b. San Francisco.
COAL—Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, 88; Seattle, |6 50; Bryant. $6 50;
Beaver Hill $5 50: Roßlyn. $7; Coos Bay. $5 50;
Richmond, $8; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 26 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14- Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel, $9 per ton; Coke. $11 50013 per
ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions $8 50 per short ton.
PACIFIC CODFlSH—Bundles, per lb, 4%c;
cases, regular, $5 65; cases, extra large, 6%c;
Eastern style. 6%c; boneless, 6%c; "Norway,"
6%c; "Narrow Gauge." 6%c; "Silver King."
7%c; blocks, "Oriental." 6%c; blocks. "Sea
bright," 7c; tablets. 7%e; middles. 7@9%c;
fancy boneless. 9%@9%c; pickled Cod. bbls,
$8: pickled Cod, half bbls, $4 75.
CORDAGE —The local company quotes aa
follows. 60 days or % per cent discount for
cash no sales under 10.000 lbs; Manila. 15c;
Sisal, 10% c; Duplex, 9%c; Bale Rope, 11%®
12% c per lb.
COFFEE—Costa Rico—Nominal, (stock 804
bags) 13014 c for strictly prime to fancy
washed; 11 %<ai2%c for prime washed; 10%®
11c for good washed; 11® 12c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 10®llc for good to prime
peaberry; 10®llc for good to prime; 8%®9%c
for fair- 6%®Bc for common to ordinary.
Salvador (stock 5522 bags)—l2%@l3%c for
fancy washed, nominal; 11%® 12c for strictly
prime washed, nominal; 16% ® 11c for good to
prime washed; 9%®10c for fair washed; 10%
I ®11%p for fair to prime washed peaberry; 9%
I @10c for good to prime semi-washed; 9%®100
fox superior unwashed: 9%0 for good green
unwashed; 10c for good to superior unwashed
peaberry; 6%®Bc for inferior to ordinary.
Ecuador (no stock) —9®9%c for current un
- washed
Nicaragua, nominal (stock 136 bags)—ll®
I 13c for prime to fancy washed; 9%@loV£o for
fair to strictly good washed: 9%@9%c for good
to superior unwashed; 10®10%c for good to
prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala (stock 12,092 bags) and Mcx-
I lean (stock 1142 bags) — 13%®14c for
• fancy washed; 12®18c for prime to strictly
prime washed; 11%®13%c for strictly good
I washed; 10%®Hc for good washed; 9%©10% c
for fair washed; B%®9V4c for medium; «%®
B%c for inferior to ordinary: 10%@11%c for
' good to prime washed peaberry; 10®10%c for
good to prime unwashed peaberry: 9%®10c for
I good to superior unwashed.
Hawaiian (stock 6162 bags)—l3@l4c for
fancy nominal: 12®12%ci for prime; lieil%c
for good; 10®lo%c for fair: 11®11%c for pea
terry; 6%<J»%e for low grades.
LEATHER —Local tanners quote a very
I firm and active market, with Indications of a
; brisk demand for China in the near future.
The demand for the Orient in general has been
good for some time. Sole, heavy, 29031 c; ex
tra heavy 31©33 c per lb; medium. 28030 c;
light 27®29c; Rough Leather. 28030 c; Harness
Leather, heavy. 35037 c for No. 1 and 32f/34c
for No. 2; medium 30037 c; light. 29033 c;
skirting, No. L 40042 c; No. 2. 86038 c; Col
lar Leather. 15016 c per foot: Trace Leather.
40044 c; Kip. unfinished. 40050 c per lb; Veal,
finished. 50060 c per lb: Calf, finished. 88lifl
per lb; Wax sides. 16®17c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits. 14®16c; Rough Splits, 8010 c per lb.
TANBARK—Ground, $25028 per ton; stick.
$16 50® 1» per cord.
OlLS—Quotations are for barrels; for cases
' add 6c; Linseed. 55c per gallon for boiled and
53c for raw; Castor OH, in cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers" AA. cases. $1 1001 12; Lucol. 50c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut. cases, 65®
80c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, in barrels, 53c
for Ceylon and 56c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm OH, 68c; natural win
ter Sperm Oil, 63c; extra bleached winter
Whale Oil 57c; natural Whale Oil. 62c; extra
winter strained Lard Oil, 75c; No. lsJLard Oil.
65c- pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot
Oil 63c; light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring
Oil' 40c; Salmon Oil. 34c: boiled Fish Oil. 37c;
! raw- Fish Oil, 85c; boiled Paint OH, 33c; raw
i Paint OH. 31c.
COAL OlL—Prices are %c lower. Water
White Coal OH. in bulk, 12% c; Pearl OH. in
cases. 18c; Astral, 19c; Star. 19c: Extra Star,
22c- Elaine. 25% c; Eocene, 21c; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 16c; In cases, 22% c:
Motor Gasoline. In bulk, 16c; In cases. 22% c;
No 1 Eng. Dist. iron bbls or drums. 9c; No.
2 do 7">c: Benzine, in bulk. 13c; In cases.
19% c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 25c; in
cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE —75c per gallon In cases and
69c In drums and Iron barrels.
I RED AND WHITE LEAD—Red Lead, 7%®
AUCTION SALES
FIRE SALE.'
BONT FORGET. This is your chance
to boy HIGH-GRADE VEHICLES—
BROUGHAMS. HACKS. SURRIES.
WAGONS. CARTS, ROBES. HARNESS—
and It's
AT LESS THAN THEIR COST Ol*
MANUFACTURE, at
O'BRIEN & SONS'
CARRIAGE FACTORY.
CORNER GOLDEN GATE AVENUE
AED POLK STREET. During Rebuilding.
fc*
AUCTION SALE. WEDNESDAY. January
11. at 11 a. m.. ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
327 SIXTH ST.; 50 GOOD HORSES and
MARES. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE—Office General Superintend
ent, Army Transport Service, San Fran
cisco, Cal.. January 10, 1905—There will be
sold at public auction, at 11 o'clock a. m.,
January 20, 1905. at Folsom-streU wharf, a
lot of miscellaneous condemned Quartermas
ter's stores, a list of which can be seen at
FoUom-street wharf. C. A. DEVOL, Major
and Quartermaster, U. S. A.
7%c per lb; White Lead, 7%®7%c, according
to quantity.
-QUICKSILVER— 60 for local use and
$Ss@39 per flask for export.
SALT—Bales, 90c for common and $1 for
granulated; Dairy, $5 60 per ton: Granulated.
$6®G 50; Half Ground, 100-lb bags. $3 25; do,
50-lb bags. $8 75; Rock Salt. $2 75®3 In 100
and $3 25 In 50-lb bags; Genuine Liverpool,
$11 50. $12 50 and $13 50 per ton In packages
of 224. 110 and 60 lbs respectively.
SUGAR—Prices were advanced 10c yester
day. The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.25 c;
Powdered, 6.10 c; Candy Granulated. 6.10 c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 6c; Dry' Granulated, coarse,.
6c; Fruit Granulated. 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only), 5.90 c; Confectioners' A. 6c;
Magnolia A, 5.60 c; Extra C, 5.60 c; Golden C,
5.40 c; "D," 5.30 c; barrels. 10c more: half
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c. more; 50-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets —Half barrels,
6 50c ; boxes. 6.75 c; H. A E. Crystal Dominos,
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev
enty-five barrels or Its equivalent. r
LUMBER—Pine, ordinary sizes. $18®19; ex
tra sizes higher; Redwood. $19®23; Lath, 4
feet $3 75@4; Pickets, $17025: Shingles. $2
for No. 1 and $1 50 for No. 2; Shakes $14 for'
spilt and $15 for sawn; Rustic, $33089.
Receipts of Produce,
FOR TUESDAY. JANUARY 10.
Flour qr sks... 6,s66|Feed, sks 100
Wheat, ctls 84|Hay. tons 294
Barley, ctls 8,810 Leather, rolls ... 48
Corn tWest) ctls 500 1 Hides, No 312
Tallow, ctls .... 230! Pelts, .bdls 365
Sugar, ctls 880|Quicksilver Asks. 36.
Beans, sks 892! Lime, bbls 182
Potatoes sks ... B,so9jPaper. reams 6HO
Onions, sks 607! Wine gals 47,850
Bran sks 775! Raisins bxs 780
Middlings sks .. 46o|Broomcorn, bdls.. 60
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 5.4801
STOCK MARKET.
Heavy Sales of Gas and Electric on
the Bond Exchange.
The feature of the day on the Bond Ex
change was the very heavy business In Gas
and Electric. The stock, which glosed on
Monday at $49 50 bid. opened at $50, fell to
$49 and closed at $50 50, the sales amounting
to 2167 shares. Hawaiian Commercial sold'
up to $74 50 and there were sales of Bank of
California at $423 50 and California Jockey
Club at $111.
Business in all classes of mining stocks was
large and the boards were lively. The Com
stocks were higher all around and the Tono
paha were also Arm. The oil stocks continued
quiet.
Ex-dlvldend yesterday: California Safe De
posit. $1 50: Makawell Sugar, 20c; Spring Val
ley Water, 63c.
I Dividends paid yesterday were: Marin
County Water Company, regular quarterly, 75c
per share, amounting to $4500; California Wine
Association, regular monthly, 60c per share,
amounting to $26,125 2<>; Paauhau Sugar Plan
tation regular monthly, 16c per share, amount
ing to $15,000; Giant Consolidated Powder
Company, regular monthly, 50c per share,
amounting to $10,000; First National Bank
of San Francisco semi-annual at the rate of
10 per cent per annum, amounting to $75,000;
Monte Cristo Oil Company, regular monthly,
I lc per share, amounting to $300o; the Crocker
> Woolworth National Bank, a regular semi
annual of $4; the American Smelting and Re-
Anlng Company, a regular quarterly of .1%
per cent on the preferred stock; the Guggen
heim Exploration Company, a regular quar
terly dividend of 1% per cent on the capital
stock- the Westlnghouse Electric and Manu
facturing Company, a regular quarterly divi
dend of 2% per cent on the preferred, assent
ing and non-assenting stocks.
An assessment of 15c per share was de
linquent yesterday on the capital stock of the
Mobile Carriage Company of San Francisco.
The Peerless Oil Company, on January I,
paid the regular monthly dividend of 14c per
share, amounting to $14.000.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Jan. 10—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.| Bid. Ask.
4s ar coup. .105%10rt |4s qr cp new.130%131%
4s qr reg |3s qr coup. ..104%105
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
' Ala A W ss. — — lO G LAH 6s. — 118
ASo Oil ss. - 86%j0 W gtd ss. - -
Bay CPC 55.102 — Oceanic S ss. — 71
■ Cal C G 5s 106 -- Oth Cable 65.1Z1% —
, Cal GA Eg Pac Olm 4s. — 98
mAct 5s — 84 IP ERy 6s. .105%106%
CaT-s* C 55.112 - IP AC H §8.108% —
C C Wat ss. - MW* A O ft j.113 - .
T-dl A P 6s. — 126 (Powell-st 6s. — —
F A C H 68.116% — (Sac EG&RSs. — 102%
Geary-st 5s . — 90 |SF A SJV6s.I2O —
1 n CAS 5%5.105 — !Sierra R 65.. — —
iDo 5s ..103 — IS PofA 6s
! Ho D nßVes.to«%- (1900) 107 -
I. A Elec ss. — 71 I (1910) .. ....108 —
lAGAEI 5s — — IS P of C 8s
T A Ry 55..116%117 (1905)5r A.lOl 101%
IAL gtd 6s. - 106%! (1905)5r B. lOflg
LAP lem 5s 101 — I (1008) 104% — ■
Mkf-st C 65.113 - I G912) . .114% -
i Do lem 58.115% — BPCI eg 6s — —
MVft MtTss. — 108 Do stampd.loß% _ .
NRR of C 6 9.103% - IS P B R 65.T35 138
Do 5* 7...120 — S V Wat 6s. 105% _
:NP C R 58.104 — Do 4s 2dm.100%100%.
itf cßvss . — — Do 4s Bdm. — 100
N C P C 6s. — 102 Do g mtg4s 97* -
!N8 R R 68.100 102 Stkn GftE«e. 93 —
r>ak TCo6a — — UG A E 6s. — —
I° Do 5s •• - - ftTR of BF 4s. 87% -
Do con 55.1f«% — I
WATER STOCKS. /
Cnntra Costa 25 — I Port Costa... — —
! Marin Co. - »%'s V Wat Co. 88% 88
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
I Cent LAP. 3% — IS F O A B; 50% — •
Mutual BU- 11 I Stkn GftE. - 8%
Pac L 5x7! - 61%1u GA E Co. - -
INSURANCE.
1 Flrem's Fnd. — 840 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 132%|L P A A ...152 — •
Antfo-Cal .. 88% 90 IMer Trust.... - 230
Bank of Ca1.423% — Merch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. 152 — |S F National — —
Fret Natlonl.3lo — I
I Continued on Page Fourteen.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wkf J |fU% FRANCISCO, CAL
It, COMMONLY CALLED ,
YTItE BIG BOARS* P
r eois> field j
> TO NOP AM y
I MIXING STOCK LUT£D "
/ UST or M£MB£/IS JJZffT TO <
HEW YOEK-TsleahtM Call <2G9 Broad
SAN TRAHCI 00-atl;fhon; ball Main 3370. .
E. F. HUTTON 8, CO
BANKERS AND BSOKE33.
Members
- New York. Stock Exchange.
New York Cotton. Exchange.
New York Coffe* Exchange.
Chicago Board of Trade.
490 CALIFORNIA STREET
San Francisco.
RICHARD E. MUL.CAHY. Manager.
San Francisco.
33-30 NEW STREET.
New York.
1516
COMMISSIONERS
ASSUME OFFICE
Aigeltinger and Egan Take
Seats on Works Board, and
.Maestretti Is President
VACANCIES NOT FILLED
W. H. Metson and Dr. F. J.
Tillman May Be Named on
Health and Park Bodies
The newly appointed Commissioners
erf Public Works Edward H. Aigeltinger
and Thomas F. Egan took their oaths
of oftice before the Mayor yesterday
and received their commissions after
filing their official bonds. Egan, who
had positively declared that he would
not accept the appointment because he
had been given Herbert Schmitz's un
expired term of one year instead of the
three-year term, evidently realized that
one-third of a loaf is better than none,
for after another conversation with the
Mayor he decided to change his mind
about refusing and signified his ac
ceptance of the office.
Aigeltinger and Egan at once re
paired to the meeting room of the
Board of Works, where Commissioner
Maestretti and retiring ommissioner
Schmitz were on hand to meet them.
The new Commissioners took their seats
and listened to a short speech from
Schmitz. in which he eulogized his for
mer colleague, Commissioner Maestret
ti, who was at once elected president of
the board, being placed in nomination
for the honorary position by Aigel
tinger. The beard then adjourned until
the regular meeting to-day. Both Aig
eltinger and Egan filed official bonds
with personal sureties.
The Mayor did not announce his se
lections yesterday for the vacancies on
the Park and Health boards to suc
ceed Frank Sullivan and Dr. Poheim,
now Police Commissioner. The place
on the Health Board has been offered
to Dr. Frank J. Tillman, who was de
posed from his position as assistant in
the laboratory by the very board upon
Which the Mayor desires to place him.
Tillman has indicated that he
■ will accept. He is a personal
friend of the Mayor and on that ac
• count and because he more nearly rep
resents Ihe new school of medicine has
he been decided upon for the appoint
ment. William H. Metson is still men
tioned for the Park Commissionership.
"Doc" Leahy was offered the place, but
declined and made a special request of
• the Mayor that Metson be appointed.
There are three secretaryships of
commissions to which new appoint
ments will t)e made in a few days.
They are those of the Park, Public
Works and Police boards. The scheme
, as outlined includes the appointment of
James de Succa as storekeeper of the.
Board of Education to succeed Thomas
Egan and the naming of Herbert
Schmitz to be secretary of the Park
Commission. There are several aspir
ants for secretary of the Police Board,
now that Alexander O'Grady has de
clared that he does not want it. Among
th.se is Barney Flood, an assistant
bond and warrant clerk, who is a
strong candidate for the place.
GRAND JURY TAKES UP
ELECTION BOARD CASE
Commissioners to Be Accused Again in
Connection With Appointments
of Primary Officers.
The ElecUon Commissioners are not
yet clear of Grand Jury entangle
ments. Although the charges pre
ferred by the former inquisitorial
body were dismissed by Judge Law
lor, the prosecution is to be renewed.
The present Grand Jury yesterday
took up the inquiry of appointment of
election officers for the primaries held
In August last, and it is thought the
accusation of malfeasance, demanding
the removal of the board, will be pre
sented at the next meeting, which is
to be held on Friday. It has been
generally known that the jurors would
file new accusations to correct the
technical defects of the previous
bills.
The Grand Jury also spent some
time yesterday in considering the mat
ter of police corruption in China
town. The investigation has been at
a standstill for some time. Police
Commissioners Reagan and Drink
house, in a conference with Fore
man Andrews, agreed not to take up
their trial of the accused police
officers until the Grand Jury shall
}iave concluded its inquiry.
Essence of Ginger don't cure coughs and
build you up like Parker's Ginger Tonic.
Parker's Hair Balsam cleanses the scalp. •*
Carron Pleads Guilty.
Ernest Carron pleaded guilty in
Judge Dunne's court yesterday to a
charge of grand larceny and will be
•entenced on Saturday. On November
28 he stole a gold watch and chain,
valued at $50, from G. S. Mendenhall
of 787 Market street.
In Russia and France Sorosis shoes cost $5.00; in Ger
many, $4-s°;-Canada, $4.50; in England, $4.00 (lowest price
in any foreign country); but in the United States the same
shoes sell for
\ $3.50 F»E R PAIR
| Sorosis shoes are ihe only American articles that com
mand a premium abroad.
After years of study the Sorosis shoe company has de
signed a line of shoes for Boys and Girls that embody every
merit of the world-famous Sorosis shoe for Women. Al
though good shoes are really more important to growing feet
than to those fully formed, it has been customary to give any
old sort of shoe to young people on the theory that they
would wear them out quickly. Sorosis Shoes stand the strain
of play and give the foot the freedom and development that
nature demands.
The new Boys' and Girls' Sorosis styles arrived last Fri
aay. Call and see them.
223"' *3.r>o misses' 93.00
CHIfDWSirs «2.*50 INFANTS' Sl'oO
SOROSIS SHOE PAEORji ROIALSHOE STORE
216 POST STREETTO) THIRD STREET
STILL FIGHTING
TO BREAK WILL
Legal Battle for Alexander
Dunsmuir's Millions Is
Being Vigorously Waged
QUOTES AUTHOEITIES
J. C. Campbell, Attorney for
Mrs. Edna Wallace Hopper,
Makes Lengthy Arguments
The legal fight before Judge Cof
fey over the will of the late Alexander
Dunsmuir is growing warm. As on
the first day of the hearing, J. C.
Campbell, attorney for Edna Wallace
Hopper, was yesterday the central fig
ure at both the morning and after
noon session of the court. His argu
ment was based on the contention
that the will had not been probated
according to the laws of this State,
and hence had no standing in the
courts.
The law of the State of California
was very plain upon the subject of the
probating of a domestic will, he said,
and it was equally clear upon the pro
bating of a foreign will.
Mr. Campbell stated that Alexan
der Dunsmuir's home was San Fran
cisco. The will particularly stated
this to be a fact. To be in full ac
cord with the law the will should
have been probated in San Francisco
County and in this State. The wit
nesses to the signature to the will and
those interested in the will should
have been cited to appear at the time
the document was probated. None
of these conditions were compiled
with.
TAKEN TO VICTORIA.
The will was taken up to Victoria,
said the attorney, hundreds of miles
away from here, out of the State and
out of this country, and there It was
presented for probate by the chief
beneficiary, James Dunsmuir. At the
time it was probated there neither
one of the two witnesses was there
to testify. After these proceedings
were gone through with an exempli
fied copy of the document was brought
here and offered for probate. Neither
of the witnesses was cited to appear.
The court had no jurisdiction to pro
bate the copy of the will under these
circumstances.
"There was," said Mr. Campbell,
"no such thing as a will under the
common law. It is a statutory pro
vision and must be governed entirely
by the statutes."
* "Suppose the wiU in British Co
lumbia should be set aside? What
law would cover the result?" he
asked. "Would it come under the
statutes of succession of California
or the statutes of succession of British
Columbia?"
POINT IN CASE.
The main point which Mr. Camp
bell wished to bring out was that the
court here had no jurisdiction to pro
bate a copy of a will filed in a foreign
country by a resident of this county
and this State. Our statutes are plain.
The law is mandatory.
C. S. Wheeler, attorney for James
Dunsmuir, would occasionally ask Mr.
Campbell a question, but otherwise
Mr. Campbell had the floor to himself.
He cited authorities to sustain his ar»
gument. The case will be resumed
this morning at 11 o'clock before
Judge Coffey, when Mr. Campbell will
conclude his argument.
The same brilliant array of legal
talent that has graced the proceedings
since the trial began was on hand and
listened attentively to Mr. Camp
bell's arguments.
The hearing of the testimony, which
was to have taken place before Con
sul Bennett at 10:30 a. m. to-day, is
postponed.
Palo Alto Masons Install.
The following have been installed
as the officers of Palo Alto Lodge, F.
and A. M., for the ensuing term, the
ceremony being held in Fraternity
Hall, Palo Alto, on the first Saturday
in January. Josiah W. Roller, the
retiring master, was the installing of
ficer. Past Master M. Week acting as
master of ceremonies. The ceremony
and presentation of a jewel to the re
tiring worshipful master was followed
by a banquet and speechmaking.
Those who will control the lodge dur
ing the current Masonic year are:
Charles W. Decker, worshipful mas
ter; Lewis H. Barker, senior warden;
Milton B. Roller, junior warden; John
F. Byxbee, treasurer; William C.
Werry, secretary; David M. Crabtree,
chaplain; Aleck S. Ferguson, mar
shal; Edwin Duryea Jr., senior dea
con; Albert N. Umphreys, Junior dea
con; George W. Harms, senior stew
ard; Emil F. Weisshaar, Junior stew
ard; Richard Werry, tyler; Ira M.
Woods, organist.
BROKERS PROTEST.—Custom-house bro
kers yesterday forwarded to United States
Senator Perkins a protest against the plans
submitted for the'new Custom-house. They
complain that the offices where the greater
part of their business Is done are scattered
through several floors Instead of being on one
floor and that the space to be allotted for
drays between the Custom-house and the Ap
praiser's building Is too narrow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1905.
SOUBRETTES ENGAGE AUTO
AND FAIL TO SETTLE BILL
Spend Two Days in Machine
. and Tour Two Counties.
Art-Admiring Saloon-Keeper Pays
$ 100 and Artists Go Free.
They were introduced to Police Judge
Cabaniss as "The Daudette Sisters,
Vallejo and Benicia," and their attor
ney vouchsafed the further infdrma
tion that they were professional vaude
villians, performing "a double turn"
at one of toe cheap theaters. Their ap
pearance did not belie that statement.
Petite, flashily attired and saucy-faced,
they were the soubrettes of the illus
trated sporting weeklies —the nocturnal
consumers of cold bottles and warm
birds paid for by paretic old men and
sap-headed young ones.
It was for consuming $100 worth of
automobiling in a single dose and fall
ing to pay for the same that Vallejo
and Benicia were before his Honor
Cabaniss. The complaining chauffeur
| testified in bitter tone that they Jointly
; hired his machine and jointly occupied
I it, except during brief visits to way
! side cafes, while he whirled them to
I San Jose and over two-thirds of Santa
! Clara County's area and back to San
! Francisco, the round journey consum
! ing almost two days. When he depos
i ited them at the place of beginning,
Ellis and Powell streets, they gracious
: ly thanked him for giving them one of
; the nicest times they ever had and ex
| pressed regret that they were unable
) to prove their gratitude in a pecuniary
> way. Horror-stricken, he summoned
j Patrolman "Dave" Murphy and gave
! them into custody, apparently much to
their surprise and undoubtedly much to
their indigation.
"Ye don't mean to say, kid, that ye're
gettin' us pinched?" exclaimed Vallejo,
who, by the way, is called "Valley" for
short. \
"For Gawd's sake, officer, ye ain't
a-goin' to rush us to jail in th' hurry
up wagon?" was the expostulation ut
tered by Benicia, who is addressed as
"Bennie" by the bird-and-bottle buyers
hereinbefore alluded to.
Then they threatened to "throw a fit"
right there and then if the indignity of
I being conveyed to prison in a patrol
I wagon was insisted on, and to avert
j such an indelicate double turn, also to
! get his prisoners away from the midst
lof a rapidly accumulating and unani
! mously sympathetic crowd, the police
j man bundled them Into the auto and
i thus they were hurried to the Central
station.
"If our parents in Spokane knew we
were in such' a fix as this they'd die
right there," quoth Bennie to her custo
dian.
"Naw, they wouldn't do nothin' of
the kind," put in Valley; "they'd Jist
tap the ticker an' send us $10,000 to
pay our fine —that's what they'd do."
"Folks rich, eh?" queried the officer.
"They've nothin but dough," was
Bennies affirmative, and Valley said:
"Aw, naw; they ain't rich. They're only
wealthy, that's all. Say, kid, they have
money enough to buy a million mer
chines like this'n we're ridin' in."
The desk sergeant discovered that
about six months ago the Daudette sis
ters were accused-of vagrancy before
Judge Fritz, who dismissed them on
condition that they return to Spokane.
They did so, but came a few weeks ago
under engagement as song-and-dance
artists.
While the Judge was wondering what
he would better do with the young
women the chauffeur was approached
by one Mr. Beauregard, a Sixth-street
saloon-keeper,who generously offered to
pay him the $100 demanded if he would
decline to prosecute. The offer was
promptly accepted and the defendants
discharged.
Mr. Beauregard insisted on having it
understood that his intercession was
prompted purely by desire to aid art in
distress.
• • •
It was his imprudent desire to be
free of social obligation Mhat led to
Louis Ponzev's arrest. He was im
pecunious when a friend of his per
suaded him to accept numerous drinks
of whisky, and being unable to recip
rocate in kind he took his friend rid
ing in a buggy which he found at
tached to a horse in front of a Mont
: gomery-street realty office. The ve
| hicle was taken without its owner's
I permission, but Louis pleaded that his
j intention was not larcenous, but mere
j ly to retain the rig long enough to en-
I able him to utilize it in the payment
I of the liquefied courtesies received from
j his friend. Judge Conlan gave Louis
1 three months for borrowing without
thelender's knowledge.
• • •
Horace Angel operated a camera by
day and led the cotillons in Portuguese
John's dance hall, on Pacific street, by
night until a policeman, being un
aware of his daylight vocation, arrest
ed him for wearing fashionable rai
ment and having no visible means of
obtaining it honestly.
Nervously toying with a budding
blond mustache, Mr. Angel proved
■ himself a fairly industrious profes
| sional photographer to the satisfac
> tion of Judge Mogan, and his explana
! tion of why he made an apartment on
the second floor of Portuguese John's
j temple of Terpsichore hlB permanent
| dwelling place was also accepted as
logical and earned his dismissal. So
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
passionately fond was he of dancing
and dance music, he said, that his
evenings were divided between indulg
ence in the exhilarating exercise and
absorption of the melodious strains
that wafted to his room from Portu
guese John's orchestra, consisting of a
piano, a banjo and an accordeon. Be
sides, long practlqe on the waxed
floor had made him such an adept in
all kinds of dances, from the stately
minuet to the more modern "rag,"
that his services were frequent
ly in demand to complete a "set," and
appreciation of his value in that re
spect induced Portuguese John to
charge him a very low room rental, so
as to have him convenient when he was
wanted to "All in." Of course his
modest income from the taking of
snapshots and the developing of nega
tives would not suffice to defray the
cost of his dancing if he were obliged
to pay regular rates for it. Any
lady or gentleman connected with Por
tuguese John's establishment could
and would be pleased to corroborate
every word he had said.
But his unsupported word sufficed.
» • »
Mrs. Rita Pratt emphatically de
clared that she was entitled to retain
possession of the garments which Miss
Paula Carter sought to recover via
the search-warrant route.
"After all I have done for that girl
this is a nice way to be treated by
her," sail Mrs. Pratt to Judge Mogan.
"My husband and I took her into our
home, at 725 Ellis street, and did ev
erything to make her feel as if she
was a member of our family. We took
her in to keep her away from bad
company, as we had known her par
ents, who were very respectable peo
ple, but after staying with us two
weeks she went off on her own hook
again. I'm keeping her things because
she's not trying to do right. A horse
man has her in tow. After treating
me so meanly I just wanted to show
her that I, too, could be mean, .and
you may as well tell her that until
she pays me $5 for the room and
board I gave her she won't get that
tailor-made and that wrapper and
that silk skirt and that shirt waist
and that pair of gloves and that box
of handkerchiefs and that lingerie."
Miss Carter did not appear to push
her complaint against Mrs. Pratt, and
the Judge continued the case until
the young woman finds it convenient
to visit the courtroom.
• * •
Mrs. Margaret Murray of 16 Priest
street professed inability to understand
the sense of Justice that prompted
Judge Mogan to aid and abet her ar
rest and arraignment on the charge of
having battered the head of her 17
--year-old daughter Rose with a kitchen
poker, thereby inflicting a deep scalp
wound and several minor abrasions. If
the law, Mrs. Murray opined, proposes
to prevent maternal discipline of a
revolutionary child, then the law would
better be abolished and society permit
ted to obey its individual dictates as
to what is right and what is wrong.
Things have come to a pretty pass, in
deed, the lady declared, when any chit
of a girl can go before a magistrate
and effect her mother's arrest for ad
ministering corporal punishment. Had
the magistrate she then was address
ing ever heard of an adage relative to
thfe sparing of rods and the spoiling of
children? If not, he would better con
sult his Solomon.
The court bore meekly the rebuke
and as meekly hearkened to the oral
painting of Mrs. Murray's character in
rather somber colors by several of her
neighbors, who had been summoned as
witnesses for the prosecution. They
testified that she was a common scold
and much given to inebriety; that her
husband was forced to abandon her be
cause of her behavior; that her chil
dren were marvels of goodness, con
sidering their home life, and that a
term ln prison would not be a bad
thing for her or anybody connected
with her.
Then the defendant was ordered into
custody as the result of her having
tried to intimidate the complainant by
threatening to accuse her of wayward
ness and request that she be placed in
a reformatory institution. The girl •
testified that, she was employed as a
domestic and contributed $10 of her
monthly earnings to her mother, whose
display of ill-temper and incidental
poker nourishing were provoked by her
inability to obtain more money.
The mother will be sentenced to-day.
For practicing medicine without a
license on Seventh street Julian Waller
was fined $100 by Judge Cabaniss.
Don't Experiment but Get Deslle
Sterilized Salt. Free running for table. Vel
vet grain for kitchen. No typhoid germs. •
THPMSON GETS NEW TRIAL.—The Su
preme Court yesterday granted a new trial to
Alexander J. Thomson, who was sentenced to
eighteen years' imprisonment from Tulare
County for killing T. B. Slaughter. The mur
der occurred after a fight over the price to
be paid for the hire of two mules. It is held
that the Instructions of the trial court were
erroneous.
Burnett's fC* tract of Van! Haw In
purity and strength pre-eminently superior. •
MAY ESTABLISH
MEMBERS' HOME
Delegates of Bricklayers'
and Masons' Convention
Discuss the New Project
MISSING TRUNKS FOUND
Philadelphia Union Is Pre
sented With a Testimonial
for Hospitality Extended
The proposition to establish a home
i for aged members of their union, that
j was brought up at the previous con
| vention of the Bricklayers' and Ma
j son's International Union at Trenton,
I Pa., was discussed again at yester
• day's session of that body at Pioneer
! Hall. Delegate James Sullivan talked
;on the project, which will be finally
I settled before the adjournment in this
city. A corporation has asked the
international body for the privilege of
raising funds for the establishment of
| such a home, which is expected to be
I self-supporting.
The missing trunks of the delegates
j were found yesterday and prevented
J a great deal of inconvenience, as many
of them contained documents to be
read before the convention. The trunks
had been at the depot for a couple of
days. It seems the routing had been
changed and they came over the Sun
set route.
A number of resolutions were intro
duced in reference to rules. They were
referred to the proper committees.
Miss Emma Lanphere of Chicago, gen
eral organizer of the Retail Clerks'
i Association, and Mr. O'Dell were
granted permission to address the con
vention to-day.
A beautiful testimonial was present
ed to Philadelphia Union No. 1 by the
I convention as a token of appreciation
) of their hospitality to the delegates of
I the last convention at Trenton. The
{ testimonial is a cleverly made arch
I designed by Otto Helrich, a member
of Boston Union.
The presentation speech was made
by President William J. Bowen. R, H.
Kelly in behalf of the Philadelphia
Union responded with an appropriate
speech.
A meeting; of those interested in
State conference legislation was held
at recess to agree on some uniform
plan for conference work to present
to the convention. This subject will
be one of the important topics of the
meeting.
The delegates visited Chinatown last
night and this evening a high jinks
and smoker will be given at Scottish
Hall.
The following committees were ap
pointed:
Committee on Reviews and Appeals—Harry
Bone (chairman), 16, Indiana; T. T. Barrett,
1, California; James Hackett, 8, California;
Ernest J. Whitney, 3. Florida; William Mitch
ell. 2. Georgia; Frank Ward. 14, Illinois; Wil
liam Hughes, 21. Illinois; B. F. Hamblin. 4,
■ Kansas: Thomas Chine, L Manitoba; William
'F. Reese, 5, Maryland; Thomas F. Conroy, 20,
Massachusetts; James Granger, 17, Michigan;
J. W. Orlop, 16, New York; John Guiana, 24,
« New York; J. M. Williams, 1, North Carolina;
; Henry Elstro, 18, Ohio; John F. Ott, 15, Penn
sylvania; Henry Spranger, 1, Washington; H.
J. McNlchols, 12, Wisconsin.
Committee on Officers' Report—Bert Childs
(chairman), 2, Missouri; Edward Ralney, 7,
! California; William J. Baccus, 8, California;
Benjamin Miller. 4, Colorado; A. E. Vorkeller.
21, Illinois; John W. Clark, 35, Illinois; James
C. Rybolt, 8. Indiana; John Falk, 22, Iowa;
Joseph Dagle, 9. Kansas; Andrew Smith, 1,
Manitoba: M. J. Koyne, 5, Maryland; J. B.
Foster, 36, Massachusetts; George Hamilton, 4,
Missoun; Stephen A. Smith, 6, New York;
Louis Matter, 27, New York; Louis Maizola.
74, New York; Michael Foley, 8, Ohio; Francis
T. Porter, 2. Pennsylvania; Charles Holmes, 1,
Tennessee; Thomas Norrls, 3, Utah; James
Erlckson. 4. Washington; Charles Baumbach,
8, Wisconsin.
Committee on Subordinate Unions—Charles
E Fulcher (chairman), 4, Tennessee; J. E.
Spencer, 1. Alabama; William Lynch. 9, Cali
fornia; James F. McGrath, 12, California;
Charles C. Bussby, 1. Colorado; R. L. Moore,
2. Idaho: Harry M. Ward, 19, Illinois; James
Burns, 21. Illinois s Thomas J. Delacy, 6, In
diana: J. C. I/eeds, 2. Indian Territory; John
Mclr.tyre, 1, Iowa; Michael O'Brien, 10, Mas
aa-jhuijetts; Madison McMurry, 1. Michigan;
George Routt. 1. Nebraska; Timothy Fitzger
ald, 33, New York; John Lynch. 34, New
York; Charles Cannon, 12, New York; Ernest
Heyder. 23. Ohio: John H. Igo, 52. Pennsyl
vania; H. E. Hermanson, 4, Washington; Her
bert Tt-sch, 9. Wisconsin.
Committee on Grievances—Walter Gray
(chairman), 1, Kentucky; David Burness, 2,
California; William Slmmonds. 9. California;
Harry E Watts 1 Colorado; James Sullivan.
1, Connecticut; B. E. Jacetti. 4, Florida; W.
G McCaffertv 2 Idaho; John Stretch. 21.
« Illinois; M. H. O'Neill, 2, Iowa: John C.
Brown, 6 Massachusetts; Nels Warner, 2.
Minnesota; Bert Childs. 2, Missouri; Daniel
33, New York; J. H. Hambly. 34. New
York;' Charles Evors. 60. New York; William
Kuhner 61, Ohio; H. W. Do&k. 86, Pennsyl
vania; Dan Moore. 21, Texas; Hamilton Pig
non, 3 Utah- F. A. Foss, 3. Washington;
William H. Maghan, 1. District of Columbia.
Committee on General Good—G. R. Stewart
(chairman) 3 Pennsylvania; W. S. Scott, 1.
California; M. A. Rowlands, 8, California;
Robert Rankin. 1. Colorado: Charles Cronan,
2. Illinois; William Booth. 29, Illinois: Clarke
McKtmmely 9, Indiana; Joseph W. Luke. 3,
Massachusetts: Andrew P. Skogberg. 5. Min
nesota; Dan Kavanaugh, 1, Missouri; Louis
I Feneran 2 New Mexico; James Childs, 7, New
1 York; John GUI 37, New York; Robert Neth
': ercott, 48 New' York; P. W. Peace, 7. North
• Carolina; John May. 8. Ohio; Harry Fussell.
2, Ontario; W. E. Thayer, 1, Oregon; Harry
Vtnson. 1. Pennsylvania; John L. Gleason, 1,
District of Columbia.
Committee on Finance—Daniel MfcPadden
(chairman) 2, Connecticut; Ell C. Confer. 4,
California: Thomas Mulcahy, 7. California;
Fred M. Cohen. 1, Georgia; John Worth, 26,
Illinois; Henry Hughes. 46, Illinois; W. L.
Jones 26. Indiana; A. J. Carroll, 5. -Indian
Territory; E. P. Wltham, 9. Maine; George
! X Watson 3, Massachusetts; John Burk. 7.
New York; H. G. Dramer, 12. New York;
Samuel Tom ley. 34. New York: A. B. Craw
ford 80, New York; Michael Stein. 8, Ohio:
James Thompson. 33. Pennsylvania: William
Edwards 09, Pennsylvania; John H. Green
wel! 3 Utah; A. G. Seibert. 2, Washington;
Daniel Kelly 2, District of Columbia.
Committee on Journal —Edward J. Brandon
(chairman), 7, California; Harry Johnson, 9,
California; William Campbell, 1, Connecticut;
Ananias Brown, 6, Georgia: Albert H. Cope,
13, Illinois; Thomas A. Driver, 37, Illinois;
William J. Sawyer. 36, Indiana; M. L. Sargent,
3, Kansas: Henry Dam, 5, Maryland; William
Pawley, 25, Massachusetts; William J. Grlgs
by, IS. Missouri: John Drady, 2, New York;
Thomas ODea, 8. New York; William Klein,
11 New York; James Hickey, 74, New York;
Albert S. Foster, 11. North Carolina; Edwin
Chamberlain, 19, Ontario; J. J. Burkley, 32.
Pennsylvania; H. J. Maxwell, 10, South Caro
lina; J. S. Fisher. 3, Texas.
Committee on Constitution—James J. Maho
ney (chairman), 7. Ohio; E. A. Gerety. 2.
California; Otto P. Lindgren, 3, California;
C. W. Fellows, 24. Illinois; A. W. Camp, 20,
Illinois- J. M. Wilson. 12. Indiana: G. D. Me
servey, 8. Maine; George J. Walsh, 4, Mary
land- M. J. Shea. 27, Massachusetts; O. A.
1 Kinkel, 1, Nevada: John Ennls. 1, New York;
' Joseph C Collins. 6. New York: Robert Trif
fln 22. New York: John J. Gomble, 75, New
York; P. P. CBriant. 9, North Carolina; Harry
E. Selby. 21. Ohio; S. H. Foxworl*iy, 5, On
tario; Madonna Domenico, 84, Pennsylvania;
Jack Davidson, 3. Texas; Herman Schuneman,
3, Washington; Fred C. Connor, 2, District of
Columlia.
Committee on Ways and Means—David Gi
roux (chairman). 1. Quebec; Peter Gill. 2, Cali
fornia; John Peterson. 10, California: W. R.
Rogers 2 Colorado; George P. Gubblns, 21.
Illinois; James J. /Nejdl, 6, Indiana; John
Brown. 1 Minnesota; Hujth Begley. 32. New
York; James Finn, 33. New York; fiamuci
Lord, 72 New York; William J. Skinner. 84.
New York: James W. McCowan, 4. North
Carolina; John W. Harper, 21, Ohio; P. H.
Kelly, 1 Ppnnsylvania; Ed Barria, 7. Pennsyl
vania: J. E. Trowbridsre, 1. Utah; E. D. Oliver,
1 Virginia; Kpencer Grcsse, 2, Washington;
Robert H. McMackin. 1. District of Columbia.
Press Committee —Albert H. Cope. 13, Illi
nois; E. J. Brandon, 7, California; E. A. Mof
lett, 1, Pennsylvania.
HURT MANY YEARS AGO. —Robert Mc-
Dermott filed an affidavit with the Super
visor* yesterday to the effect that Peter Se
culovlch was Injured by the caving ln of an
embankment at 3241 Mission street on August
18, 1802. Seculovich makes no claims for dam
ages.
OUR STORE CLOSES SATURDAYS AT 6 P. M.
...MAGNIN'S...
Annual Clearance Sale
of Undermuslins
Will continue during the entire week.
Nowhere will you find high-grade garments that
are marked at such enormous reductions.
We wish to close out our entire stock now on
hand, and have therefore made startling reductions,
of which a few prices are given below:
CORSET tjOVERS.
75c and 85c values —Reduced to 50c
$1.25 and $1.50 values—Reduced to 75c and $1.00
$200 to $2.50 values—Reduced? to $1.25 and $1.50
DRAWERS.
$1.00 values—Reduced to 50c
$1.25, $1.50 and $1.75 values-Reduced toBscandsl.lo
$200 to $2.75 values—Reduced to $1.50 and $1.65
GOWNS.
75c values —Reduced to 50c
$1.00 values—Reduced to 65c and 75c
$1.25 and $1.50 values—Reduced to $1.00
$2.00 and $2.50 values—Reduced to $1.50
$3.00 to $5.00 values—Reduced to $2.50
SKIRTS.
$1.25 values—Reduced to 85c
$1.50 values—Reduced to $1.00
$2.00 and $2.50 values—Reduced to $1.50
$4.00 and $5.00 values—Reduced to $2.50
BRIDAL SETS.
Choice Parisian Hand-Made Garments, as well
as an assortment of our own manufacture.
$12.00 to $14.00 Sets—Reduced to $8.50
$15.00 to $18.00 Sets—Reduced to $10.00
$19.00 to $25.00 Sets—Reduced to $13.50
$27.50 to $45.00 Sets;— Reduced to $20.00
The above prices are a few of the reductions com
mencing with the lower-priced garments. The higher
priced garments are all reduced in proportion.
918-922 Market St. stores.
ABSCONDS WITH
UNION'S FUNDS
Warrant Issued for Arrest
of Maurice Donahue, Trus
tee of the Cooks' Society
For nearly a month the members of
Cooks* Union No. 44 have been aware
of the fact that one of their trustees
had absconded with $1230 of the
funds of the union, but for reasons
best known to themselves they have
tried to keep the matter from the pub
lic. The fact became known yesterday,
when Charles A. H. Smith, business
agent of the union, with headquarters
at 107 Mason street, swore to a war
rant before Police Judge Conlan for
the arrest of Maurice Donahue on a
charge of felony embezzlement.
Donahue is the absconding trustee
and so far no trace of him has been
found. It appears that during a
strike at one of the leading restau
rants in the early part of last month
members of the union became uneasy,
as they were threatened with suits
for damages, writs of injunction and
other legal procedure. A meeting
was held and it was decided to with
draw the funds amounting to $1230
from the treasurer's hands and the
bank and deposit them in the vaults
of the Columbian Banking, Company.
Trustee Donahue was ' entrusted
with the task and he withdrew the
money from bank on December 14.
He disappeared about that time and
when inquiry was made it was dis
covered that Donahue had deposited
the money in the vaults in the name
of R. S. Roberts and , had obtained
the key to the box. When the box
was opened with a duplicate key it
was found to be empty.
A call was made by an anxious del
egation at 34 Hawthorne street, where
Donahue lived, and it was learned
that on the night of December 14
Donahue packed his grip, saying he
was going on a short trip, and that
was the last seen or heard of him.
The police now have charge of the
case and every effort will be mad* to
locate the missing trustee.
MONNIER FAMILY TROUBLES
ARE DENIED BY THE WIDOW
Says She Did Not Call George Bad
Names and Denies Other Evi
dence Submitted.
A further cross-examination of Mrs.
Anna Monnier and more dirept exam
ination by her attorney kept the wid
ow of the wine d#aler on the stand
nearly all of yesterday, and the onl#
other witness was Miss Esther Har
din, who visited the Monnier home on
occasions. She declared that George
Monnier Jr. used bad language to
ward his father and mother, and she
told of an instance when, the young
man having either lost or pawned his
overcoat, the father became so indig
nant that he proclaimed that he
would never leave the* boy anything
in his will.
Mrs. Monnier was questiohed at
length regarding the many stories of
trouble in the family and' of the
father's attitude toward the boy. She
denied a great deal of the evidence
given by George and his wife and was
particularly emphatic in saying that
ihe had not called him an unmen~
tionable name. "If he says I did he's
a liar," said the angry witness.
Mr. Sullivan asked her about a will
made by Monnier in 1896, in which, it
was rumored, half of his fortune had
been left to the adopted son. She
said that her husband had given her
the will to read, but she had not
enough curiosity to peruse it. It had
been laid away in the safe and was
not destroyed until 1901, a long time
after the second will, in which George
was disinherited, was made.
TWO ATTACHMENTS SERVED.—Two at
tachments were placed by Sheriff Curtis yes
terday on the Crown Jewelry Company, -640.
Kearny street, at the Instance of A. McAdoo
and O. L4pman on claims of $742 64 and
$151 71.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.. • _ —
OUR.
ANNUAL
CLEARANCE
• • L E- • ••
..Begins..
Tuesday, January 3d
Discount on
Everything
S. & G. Gump Co.
113 Geary St.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
Za AU Its Branches.
PAINLESS
Guaranteed full set of teeth SS.OO
Guaranteed bridge work, per tooth 53.00
Guaranteed gold crowns, 22 karat gold. ■*3.ftO
Guaranteed silver fillings 000
We Extract Teeth Positively aad Abso
lutely without rata.
We use no gas; our method 1* simple, pleas
ant and harmless *s milk.
We remove nerves without the slightest pain
to patients, and heal abscessed teeth In from
one to three treatments.
Ho Students la This Office.
Crown and Bridgs Work Ws Make a
Specialty.
Note—lf you can't afford to pay all down for
your work, pay what you can and we can ar
range easy payments for the balance.
IT DON'T Ht'RT A BIT la what you will
say If you go to the
AMERICAN PAINLESS DENTISTS
Office hours, 9 to 9; Sundays, 10 to 2.
930 Market St.. Qpposits Emporium.
f Seed Talk]
f§ Complete and reliable Informa- I
■ tion and advice on seeds, planting. I
I etc ln our new, amply and beauti- I
9 fully illustrated annual catalogue, I
■ Mailed free on request. JS
ALL SEEDS FOR FARM AND ®
m GARDEN. |j
I Fruit Trees and Ornamental Plants I
I COX SEED CO. I
m 411, 413, 415 Sansome Street, $
H SAN 7BANCZBCO. |
JOE POHEIM,
THE TAILOR..
Finest Perfect-Fitting Clothes at
Lowest Prices.
901 Montgomery St., Cor, Bush,
mo and ilia Karttrt St.. s. *.