VOLUME XCVII—NO. 54.
ST. PETERSBURG STRIKE RIOTS CULMINATE IN A BUTCHERY
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 23, 8 a. m.—Conservative estimates of the casualties in yesterday's strike riots place the number at about
500 killed or wounded. Some reports put the figures as high as 5000, but these are wild exaggerations. It is expected that the outbreak
will be resumed to-day, although upon a smaller scale. The night passed quietly, but throughout the city the workingmen were arming.
CZAR'S GOVERNMENT FACES REVOLUTION
SOLDIERS SHOOT DOWN SCORES OF MEN, WOMEN AND CHILDREN
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 23, 4:45 a. m.—St. Petersburg
is sleeping quietly at this hour, worn out by the excitement of a
long day. Laborers and spectators have long since left the streets
and the military and police have had little to do tor hours be
yond driving off riotous bands of irresponsible voting roughs,
bent on marauding, and dispersing groups of too demonstrative
Socialists or Liberals returning from protracted meetings where
their minds were fired by incendiary speeches.
Since midnight the Russian capital has been as peaceful as it
was the preceding night, but in the palace square and in all the
principal streets and open places throughout the town bivouac
fires are gleaming and infantrymen are sleeping near their
stacked rifles or marching hither and thither. Cavalrymen on
wearied horses are patrolling the squares. No further firing has
been heard and no more reports of collisions have been received.
A renewal of rioting is not expected until late in the morn
ing, if at ali to-day, for the strikers are thoroughly wearied by
yesterday's events and will be to wait until the military
precautions have somewhat relaxed.
It is impossible even now to estimate at all closely the casu
alties of the day. The exact number of deaths probably never will
be known.
Afo Looting t>uring the Night.
With darkness last night it was feared the mob would begin
to loot and pillage and even burn, but beyond the breaking of a
few windows in the Nevsky Prospect and the pillaging of fruit
shops, little disorder was reported.
By midnight the sound of firing had ceased, except on Vas
. silliostrov Island, where the troops met a renewed demonstration
with several volleys. In the meantime the strike leaders assem
' bled and decided to continue the struggle with arms. No day was
fixed for the next demonstration.
At a big meeting last night the following message from
. Gorky, the novelist, was read:
"Beloved associates: We have no Emperor. Innocent blood
lies between him and the people. Now begins the people's strug
gle for freedom. May it prosper! My blessing upon you all.
Would that I might be with you to-night, but I have too much to
. • do."
A workman who was introduced to speak in Father Go
pon's name made a fiery speech. He appealed to Liberals to
. furnish arms. The meeting adopted a letter denouncing the of
. ficers and regiments that fired on the workmen and another let
ter extolling the Moscow regiment, which refused to fire.
During the evening there were more foot passengers on
: the streets than might have been expected, but nothing like the
gayety and bustle of an ordinary Sunday evening. Comment on
the action of the troops and authorities was very bitter, and sar
castic remarks were made that officers were braver against the
THE WEATHER.
Forecast mad* at Ban Franclaoo for
thirty hours ending; midnight, January
23:
6an Eranclaco and vicinity—Showera
Monday; brisk southerly wind.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Foreoaatar.
THE San Francisco CALL
defenseless public than against the Japanese and that "ammuni
tion may be scarce in the Far East, but is too plentiful here."
Revolt of Circassians.
VICTORIA, B. C. Jan. 22.—Captain Orlan Cnllen. represen
tative of the Imperial Marine Association of Tokio, received a
cablegram from Constantinople to-night to the effect thai 1500
Circassians had revolted and killed the Russian guard, number
ing 200, at Slavinia, in the Caucasus, and that Russians and Turks
in large numbers were crossing the frontier into the Caucasus to
spread revolution in Tiflis province. Tiflis City is practically in a
state of siege, he says, and communication is had only by dis
patch bearers.
Captain Cullen said late to-night that he had received further
reports from Constantinople, stating that large numbers of refu
gees, mostly Jews, were rushing i.ito Turkish territory, and that
the Sultan had placed the barracks of the imperial guards at Con
stantinople at the disposal of the refugees. Sir Nicholas O'Con
nor, British Minister, and American Minister Leishmann had
been appointed a committee to look after the wants of the refu
gees. The Armenian Hunchfgist Society in Constantinople has
issued 2 proclamation calling upon all Armenians to assist the rev
olutionists, and numbers of Aimenians continue to cross the
frontier to assist the Kurds, Armenians and Circassians beleag
uering Tiflis.
Czar's Life Is at Stake.*
PARIS, Jan. 22. —"The strikes in St. Petersburg and else
where, significant signs of the times, are controlled by Socialist
committees," said to the New York World correspondent to
day SemenofT, a Russian Hebrew, formerly correspondent for
Novoski, and now leading writer for an international political
review on European events.
"The Czar must see the handwriting on the wall. If he does
not grant a constitution, he will endanger the dynasty. Even
Liberals and Socialists are demanding a constitution, showing a
disposition to accept a Czar if equal rights be accorded. But if
they be refused the movement will become revolutionary and
republican, especially if the Czar listen to the counsels of the
Procurator of the Holy Synod and the Grand Duke Sergius.
• "The Czar will make a mistake if he thinks of such conces
. sions as putting a stop to the flogging of peasants for non-pay
ment of taxes will be accepted in place of a constitution. There
is a universal demand for freedom of the press, the right of
public meetings, university gatherings, popular control of the
finances of the country and equal rights for Jews, Armenians
and Poles." .
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1905.
WINTER PALACE SQUARE WHERE RUSSIAN TROOPS FIRED UPON THE MOB OF STRIKERS.
MOB FIGHTS
BEHIND WEAK
BARRICADES
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 23, 2:30 a.
m.—A press correspondent was present
when the first barricades were con
structed on Vassiliostrov Island, where
fighting occurred late yesterday, re
sulting in the killing of thirty of the
defenders of the barricades. The strik
ers, driven from the river front, had
gathered in front of the union head
quarters, out of sight of the soldiers.
Buzzing like a nest of angry hornets,
a hundred men brandished handleless
saber blades secured from some Junk
shop, which were the only weapons
seen in the hands of the strikers during
the day. Others swarmed up poles and
cut down the telegraph, telephone and
electric light wires, which they strung
from lamp post to lamp post across the
street to break up charges of cavalry.
In the twinkling of an eye a sub
stantial barricade had been construct
ed, bound together with wires and
ropes. On these water was poured,
which immediately froze. As a last
contribution Christmas trees were add
ed to the pile and the crowd rushed
to repeat the process at the other end
of the block.
Meanwhile others were bringing on
brick and breaking them for missiles.
When the troops advanced the strikers
lined the barriers and offered what re
sistance they could, but while half of
the infantry rested their rifles on the
barricade and volleyed, the others de
molished the obstruction and marched
over the street, which was then en
cumbered with flifty dead or wounded
lying on the snow crimsoned with hu
man blood.
BLOOD FLOWS IN
STREETS OF
CAPITAL
Frenzied Populace Battles
With Imperial Troops.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 22.—This has been a day of unspeakable
horror in St. Petersburg. The strikers of yesterday, goaded to despera
tion by a day of violence, fury and bloodshed, are In a state of open in
surrection against the Government. A condition almost bordering on civil
war exists in the terror-stricken Russian capital. The city is under mar
tial law, with Prince Vasilchikoff as commander of over 60,000 of the
Emperor's crack guards. Troops are bivouacking in the street to-night and
at various places on the Nevsky Prospect, the main thoroughfare of the
city. On the Island of Vassiliostrov and in the outer sections, infuriated
men have thrown up barricades, which they are holding. The Empress
Dowager has hastily sought safety at Tsarskoe-Selo, where Emperor
Nicholas II is living.
Minister of the Interior Sviatopolk-Mirsky presented to his Majesty
last night the invitation of the workmen to appear at the Winter Palace
this afternoon and receive their petition, but the Emperor's advisers al
ready had taken a decision to show a Arm and resolute front and the
Emperor's answer to 100,000 workmen trying to make their way to the
Palace Square to-day was a solid army of troops, which met them with
rifle, bayonet and saber.
The priest, Gopon, the leader and idol of the men, in his golden vest
ments, holding aloft the cross and marching at the head of thousands of
workmen through the Narva gate, miraculously escaped a volley which
laid low a half-hundred persons.
The figures of the total number killed or wounded here, at the Mos
cow gate, at various bridges and islands and at the Winter Palace, vary.
The best estimate is 500, although there are exaggerated figures placing
the number as high as 5000.
Many men were accompanied by their wives and children and in the
confusion, which left no time for discrimination, the latter shared the fate
of the men. The troops, with the exception of a single regiment, which
is reported to have thrown down its arms, remained loyal and obeyed or
ders. Cut the blood which crimsoned the snow has fired the brains and
passlonfljgat the strikers and turned women as well as men into wild
beastSv'Wttd the cry of the infuriated populace is for vengeance.
The symoathy of the middle classes is with the workmen.
PRIEST BREAKS PEOPLE'S FAITH IN CZAR.
If Father Gopon, the master mind of the movement, aimed at open
revolution, he managed the affair like a genius to break the faith of the
people in the "Little Father," who they were convinced and whom Father
Gopon had taught them to believe, would right their wrongs and redress
their grievances. (
Gorky, the Russian novelist, expresses the opinion that to-day s work
will break this faith of the people in the Emperor. He said this evening:
"To-day inaugurated revolution in Russia. The Emperor's prestige will
Continued to Page 2, Columns 2 and 3.
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZATR—"Tha Conquarora."
CALIFORNIA—"Shaun Rhue."
COLUMBIA —"A Country Mouse."
KInTRAL —"The Holy City."
CH UTES—Vaude villa.
FlSCHEß'S—Vaudeville.
GRAND—''The Silver Slipper."
ORPHEUM—Vaudeville.2
"REVENGE!" IS THE CRY
HEARD THROUGHOUT ALL RUSSIA
WHEN THE DAY'S CARNAGE ENDS
REVOLUTION
ARRANGED IN
SWITZERLAND
Foes of Dynasty
Have Cannon in
Germany.
—♦ —-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 22.—Stored in.
various parts of Germany are large
. numbers of cannon intended to be
rushed into Russia and used by the
revolutionists in their struggle with
the Russian dynasty as soon as the
signal shall be given.
Secret plans were perfected at a con
. gress of Russian revolutionist leaders
in Switzerland in December, by which
. Poles, Finns, Armenians and others
engaged in the rising should strike to
gether at the same signal.
This information was given to Dr.
Leon N. Cartman of this city, a promi
nent member of the Russian revolu
tionary* aid society, by Katrina Bres
kovskay, who is high in the inner
councils of the revolutionary party
and who was in attendance upon the
congress upon the occasion of her visit
in this city a short time ago.
Although Dr. Cartman says Mrs.
Breskovskay refused to tell him the
time fixed for the war signal, it is
generally believed among the revolu
tionist's here that the present rising
in St. Petersburg will be the occasion
\ for the unleashing of these hidden
forces, and that it has been begun
according to carefully matured plans
which will array against the Russian
dynasty hundreds of thousands of
subjects of the Czar.
The almost unanimously expressed
opinion of local traders of the Russian
colony in regard to the present rising
in St. Petersburg is that, after more
. than forty years of striving and suffer
ing, the supreme moment has come In
.the cause of Russian liberty. Social
ists, revolutionists and anarchists all
profess confidence that the ultimate re
sult will be the complete overthrow of
the- present form of government in
. Russia and the emancipation of the
masses. The rising they declare is the
first of a series which will be spread
, from St. Petersburg to the provinces
until the whole empire Is involved.
REBUFFED BY PRINCE MIRSKY
Vain Attempt by Journalists to Avert
Shedding of Blood.
' ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 22.—Two
■hundred journalists and professional
men met in this city on Saturday even
ing to discuss means to avoid blood
shed. A committee consisting of the
authors Kharsenieff, Gorky, Annensky
and Gessen, several professors and the
workmen's advocate, Kedrim, was ap
pointed to interview Minister of the
Interior Sviatopolk-Mirsky. They ar
rived at the Ministry of the Interior at
10 o'clock last night, but were received
coldly, the officials there declaring that'
It was impossible for them to see the
Minister that night. The committee
men announcing their intention to wait
until the Minister would see them they
were persuaded to see Assistant Min
ister Rydoftsky, who resolutely refused
to call Prince Sviatopolk-Mirsky and
ironically told them they would better
persuade the workmen to abandon their
plans of a procession to the palace.
Thus rebuffed, the committeemen
proceeded to Wltte's residence. Witte
received them affably and offered them
tea, which they declined. Having
heard them, Witte expressed himself
with great sympathy, but maintained
that all measures had been decided
without consulting him, adding:
"I am nothing in the administra
tion."
Witte then referred them to Minister
Sviatopolk-Mirsky, regretting his In
ability to do anything and advising
them to have the demonstration aban
doned. He said the workmen had
taken a wrong course, which was in
compatible with autocracy. The Em
peror could only receive a deputation
by appealing through the proper chan
nels. He then telephoned to Minister
Sviatopolk-Mirsky and tried to per
suade him to receive the committee.
The Minister, however, still declined!
and the deputation departed.
Late to-night, at a conference of edi
tors of St. Petersburg newspapers, it
was agreed to address to the censors a
protest against the censorship of the
day's events, and it was also resolved
to send a deputation to negotiate with
the workmen's union regarding the re
sumption of work by the printers.
RUSSIAN WOMEN CRUSHED.
Score Injured In Crowd Struggling to
Enter Chicago Hall.
CHICAGO, Jan. 22.—Several wom
en were injured here to-night in a
stampede of thousands of excited
Russian subjects, who clamored for
admittance to the West Side Auditori
um to hear the news from St. Peters
PALACE IN WHICH THE CZAR AND CZARINA HAVE TAKKN REFUGE AND
HEAD OF THE RUSSIAN INTERIOR DEPARTMENT WHO HAS COUNSELED
THE GRANTING OF REFORMS
CARNAGE CONTINUES
TILL NIGHT SETS IN
Workmen Arming for a Renewal
of the Struggle To-D.au.
Continued From Page 1, Columns 6 and f.
be irrevocably shattered by the shedding of innocent blood. He has
alienated himself forever from his pecple. Gopon taught the workmen
to believe that an appeal direct to the 'Little Father' would be heeded.
They have been undeceived. Gopon is now convinced that peaceful
means have failed and that the only remedy is force. The'first blooc'shas
been shed, but more will follow. It is now the people against the oppres
sors and the battle will be fought to the bitter end.
The military authorities had a firm grip on every artery in the city.
At daybreak guards, regiments, cavalry and infantry, held every bridge
across the frozen Neva, the network of canals which interlaces the city
and the gates leading from the industrial section, while in the palace
square, at the storm center, were massed dragoon regiments, infantry and
Cossacks of the guards. Barred from the bridges and gates, men,
women and children crossed the frozen river and canals on the ice by
twos and threes, hurrying to the palace square, where they were sure
the Emperor would be present to hear them.
But the street approaches to the square were cleared by volleys and
Cossack charges. Men and women, infuriated to frenzy by the loss of loved
ones, cursed the soldiers while they retreated. Men harangued the
crowd, telling them that the Emperor had foiled them and that they had
come to act. Men began to build barricades In the Nevsky Prospect and
at other points, using any material that came to hand and even chop
ping down telegraph poles.
SOLDIERS VOLLEY AND CHARGE THE MOBS.
Fighting meantime continued at various places, soldiers volleying and
charging the mobs. The whole city was in a state of panic. Women
were running through the streets, seeking lost members of their families.
Several barricades were carried by tho troops.
Toward 8 o'clock in the evening, the crowds, exhausted, began to dis
perse, leaving the military in possession. As they retreated up the Nevsky
Prospect the workmen put out all the lights. The little chapel at the
Narva gate was wrecked.
Every officer wearing the uniform of the Emperor who was found
alone was mobbed. A general was killed on the Nicholas bridge and
a dozen officers were seized, stripped of their epaulets and deprived of
their swords.
It is rumored to-night that Witt c will be appointed dictator to-morrow,
but the report is not confirmed. Th c authorities, while they seem to real
ize the magnitude of the crisis with which the dynasty and the autocracy
are confronted on account of to-day's events, apparently are paralyzed
"for the moment.
Intense indignation is certain to be aroused throughout Russia. The
workmen and revolutionists expect news from Moscow and other big cen
ters, where the troops are not nf the same class as the guards regiment of
St. Petersburg..
A member of the Emperor's household is quoted as having said to-day
that this conflict would end the war with Japan and that Russia would
, have a constitution or Emperor Nicholas would lose his head.
The Warsaw and Baltic Railroa d is reported to have been torn up for
a mile and a half, but the damage is said to have been repaired.
There are rumors of trouble in Finland and disaffection of the troops
CASUALTY LISTS FROM THREE HOSPITALS.
Returns from only three of the numerous hospitals give thirty-two dead
and 122 wounded. Many of the wounded have been taken to their homes.
Broken windows and imbedded bullets are found at long distances from
the scene of the firing. The rioters broke windows in the palace of Grand
Duke Alexis. >
The workman to-night were arming with every available weapon for a
renewal of the struggle. They have few firearms, but are Improvising trade
implements Into weapons.
Following Is the text of a letter addressed by Father Gopon to Emperor
Nicholas last night:
"Sovereign—l fear your Ministers have not told you the full truth about
the situation. The whole people, trusting to you, have resolved to appear
at the Winter Palace at 2p.m. in order to Inform you of their needs. If,
vacillating, you do not appear before the people the moral bonds between
you and the people who trust In you will disappear, because innocent blood
will flow between you and the people. Appear to-morrow before your people
and receive our address of devotion in a courageous spirit. I and the rep
resentatives of labor an 4my brave workingmen and comrades guarantee the
inviolability of your person."
burg and to listen to an address by
Madame Katherlne Breshkowsky, the
Socialist worker. It required a detail
of policemen to restrain the crowd,
which had swelled into a stampeding,
pushing mass. Many were crushed on
the stairways leading to the hall.
When the- doors were finally thrown
open, at least a score of women, who
had fainted during the rush into the
hall, were trampled upon and- more
or less injured before they could be
rescued. All of the Injured were tak
en to a nearby drug store, where their
wounds were dressed.
STANDARD OIL PREPARED.
Posted on Russian Affairs by Its Se
cret Agents.
BOSTON, Jan. 22. — The sudden
news received to-day in this country
of a revolution in Russia points out
the accuracy with which the Standard
Oil Company gauges foreign affairs
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1905.
_ f
through its secret agents. These
agents over two weeks ago reported
that the crisis in Russia was far more
grave than was reported in American
press dispatches. It is known here
that the Standard Oil Company posi
tively gets Russian advices absolutely
in advance of even the United States
Government.
New Secretary for Finland.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 22 Sena
tor Linden has been apointed Secre
tary of State for Finland.
SANTIAGO, Cuba, Jan. 22.—There have
been three distinct shocks oETAIONHRELU
been -three distinct -earthquake shocks of in
creasing force within the laat twenty-four
hours, causing much excitement. No serious
damage was done. •
Headaches and Neuralgia From Colds.
Laxative Bromo Quinine, world-wide Cold and
Crip remedy, remove* cause. Call for full nam*
and look for Big-nature of E. W. Grove. 25c. ♦
ADMIRALTY GARDENS SCENE
OP AWFUL CARNAGE.
Three Volleys Fired at Mob
»
WOMEN PERISH WITH THE MEN
BEFORE GUNS OF THE SOLDIERY
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 22.—The
most harrowing scenes of the day oc
curred around the Palace Square. This
enormous place back of the Winter
! Palace is surrounded by gardens front
j ing the Admiralty and by a vast semi
' circular building containing'the offices
of the General Staff, the Ministry of
Finance and the Foreign Office. In the
l center of the block is cut an arched
gateway surmounted by a bronze quad
riga. The gateway serves as an en
trance to the Grand Morskaia, one of
the most fashionable streets in the
city, which crosses the Nevsky Pros
pect. Beyond the semi-circular build
ing is a wide space leading to the
Moika Canal and beyond this stands an
enormous square building, the head
quarters of the St. Petersburg military
district. From thence Grand Duke
Vladimir had issued orders for the
whole military preparations directing
to-day's operations. In the center of the
square stands an enormous granite
column supporting a statue of Victory,
commemorating the defeat of the Na
poleonic invasiun. at which a veteran
guard of the uniform of the period of
Alexander 1 tetands sentinel.
When a press correspondent arrived
at the Palace Square early this morn
ing he found a crowd of demonstrators
already lining the railing of the Ad
miralty garden and the boulevard.
The square itself presented the appear
ance of a military encampment. Sev
eral companies of the Davlovsky and
Preobrajensky guards had stacked
their arms, while the men were sitting
around camp fires or stamping on thu
snow to keep warm.
GUARDS CARRY CARBINES.
- Beyond the infantry stood squadrons
of the Chevalier Guards and the Horse,
Guards, without their lanoes, cuirasses
or the usual gay trappings. The
men carried carbines slung across
their shoulders, and their stirrups
wer« covered with felt or straw,
to keep off the cold. All the
soldiers wore bashlißas, or hoods,
to protect their ears from the keen,
searching wind. A field kitchen
steamed merrily, disseminating the
fragrant odor of viands. Many of the
men wrestled or boxed, craoklng jokes
as one rolled on the snow. A whole
row of ambulances drawn up near the
Palace served as a grim reminder of
the stern business on hand.
Meanwhile pickets were stationed at
all the entrances of the palace and a
cavalry patrol kept promenaders mov
ing along the sidewalks. Sleigh traffic
continued uninterrupted till the time
came for the cavalry to charge. The
crowd of strikers in and outside the
Admiralty Garden continued to grow
hourly, swelled by arrivals from the
Nevsky Prospect, which touches upon
the boulevard skirting and gardens.
The strikers manned and held a
small edifice at the corner of the gar
dens and poured out constant objur
gations and reproaches at the troops.
It was in vain that the officers re
quested them to disperse.
"We have come to present our hom
age and grievances.to the Emperor."
"Let the Emperor come out and
hear us; we do not wish to do harm."
"Long life to Nicholas II! If he only
listens to our grievances we are sure
he will be Just and merciful."
"We cannot longer endure our suf
ferings. Better die at once and end
Such were the criea repeatedly
heard. Many strikers brought their
wives and children.
HUKL INSULTS AT TROOPS.
"You soldiers are our brothers; you
cannot shoot these little ones," they
exclaimed.
But as the pickets and patrols con
tinued driving them off the demon
strators began to give way and bitter
Insults and oaths, of which the Rus
sian vocabulary is particularly rich, be
came frequent.
"We are not Japanese; why brutal
ise use? Will yon shame the mother
who bore you, who was a Russian like
ourselves?" were some of the cries
that were heard. Later such expres
sions as "Scoundrels!" "Mercenaries!"
"Dogs!" and worse were heard. A
long-haired student in the crowd
hurled an Insulting epithet at an of
ficer, who sent a couple of men to ar
rest him. The crowd tried to "rescue
the student, but he was dragged and
kicked across the sunlit square, his
long hair tossing in the air. The
crowd broke into hoots and hisses.
Then a young workman jeered at a
soldier, who applied his rifle butt and
with the help of comrades dragged the
workman, despite his piteous pleadings,
to the lockup. Every time the troops
moved the crowds hissed them.
Strikers also gathered at the entrance
of the grand Morskaia and on the ave
nue leading to the Moika canal. The;
crowd at the latter place swelled to!
huge proportions, blockading the bridge
across the canal. The order came at
1:30 p. m. to clear them off. The colonel
commanding, the Horse Guards uttered
a short, sharp command, the troops
drew their swords and advanced at a
quick trot and theh broke into a gallop,
heading straight for the Moika, where
they were lost in a cloud of snow.
Shrieks from the wounded resounded.
Then came a deadly silence, broken
only by the galloping of ambulance
horses.
ADMIRALTY GARDENS BUTCHERY
The next twenty minutes passed
without incident. Nothing indicated
the approach of the horrible butchery
which was destined to stain the corner
of the admiralty gardens with human
blood. The crowd there persisted in re
fusing to move on, clamoring for the
Emperor and continually hurling abuse
at the troops, but attempted no vio
lence. Two companies of the Preobra
jensky Guards, of which Emperor Nich
olas himself was formerly colonel,
which had been standing at ease in
front of the palace, formed and
marched at double quick toward the |
fatal corner.
Events followed with awful swiftness.
The commanding officer shouted, "Dis
perse! Disperse! Disperse!"
Many in the crowd turned>to flee, but
it was too late. A bugle sounded and
the men in the front ranks sank to their
knees and both companies fired three
volleys, the first two with blank cart
ridges and the last with ball. A hun
dred corpses strewed the sidewalk.
Many women were pierced through the
back as they were trying to escape. A
correspondent standing behind the
troops saw mangled corpses of persons
of all ages and both sexes strewn on
the ground. The skull of one boy of 13
years was pierced and rent by bullets.
Great splashes and streams of blood
stained the snow. Only a few of the
victims remained afive, for the fatal
volley was fired at a distance of not
more than twenty paces, and so the
ambulances had little work to do.
The police recruited a large num
ber of droshkies (sleighs) to carry off
the dead.
RELATIVES CLAIM THEIR DEAD.
Heartrending scenes were witnessed
as wives, husbands and mothers came
up to claim their dear ones and were
carried off with them in the sleighs.
Meanwhile the crowd had drifted
up the Nevsky Prospect, yelling "Mur
derers! Murderers!" and the square
resumed its calm aspect, the troops
returning to their stations.
It was now the turn for the crowd
stationed at Morskaia entrance to the
square, where the Horse Guards re
peated the exploit with which they
had cleared the Moika and drove the
people pell mell down the thorough
fare.
From thence forward the Palace
Square ceased to be the center of in
terest. A press correspondent went
to Grand Morskaia and stood an en
tire hour near the corner of the Nev
sky Prospect. The fashionable hotels
on either side of the Grand Morskaia
were crowded, but the doors were
locked, except to well known visitors.
Quite a number of prominent per
sons stood on the sidewalks watching
the developments. Secretary Spencer
Eddy of the American Embassy chat
ted with Grand Duke Boris, who had
driven up in a stylish sleigh drawn by
a magnificent trotter. Bompard, the
French Embassador, drove past with
his wife. As a couple of squadrons of
red capped hussars trotted by the* of
ficers gave the command:
"Use the flat of your swords."
Then the.troopers moved off and
disappeared down the street, the
crowds shrieking "Murderers!"
"Dogs!" but quickly vanishing Before
them. A few who were wounded were
picked up and conveyed to a drug
store on the opposite corner of the
Grand Morskaia and the Nevsky Pros
pect.
ORATOR INFLAMES CROWD.
No troops were visible for as much as
a half-hour. A crowd quickly formed
outside the drug store and an orator
was found for the occasion. Standing
on the steps of the drug store he ad
dressed the impromptu meeting thus:
"Comrades—We came humbly and
peacefully to meet the Emperor and
lay our grievances before him. But the i
Emperor refused to see us, and instead J
soldiers were sent to shoot us down. ■
Then all I can say is, he is no Em
peror."
"Down with the Emperor!" shouted
the crowd.
"We have suffered under the sway of
the Chinovniks," said the speaker."
Down with the Chinovniks!"
"We hoped for redress, but hope is no
longer possible. We can win our rights
only by fighting."
"Down with the autocracy!" yelled
the crowd.
"Our only chance of redress is from
representatives of the people."
"Long live the constitutional assem
bly!" was the cry.
"Then all I have to say is, To arms!
comrades; to arms!"
"To arms!" was the thunderous re-
Bpbnse.
ATTACKS UPON OFFICERS.
The crowd, now aroused to a state of
frenzy at the sight of the wounded, who
were being brought out of the drug
store and placed in an ambulance, sa
SURVIVORS
OF MASSACRE
TELL STORY
Men Who Escaped Murder
ous Attack on Thursday by
the Yaquis Beach Nogales
Witli Bodies of the Victims
fiEMAINS OF SLAIN
BADLY MUTILATED
Attack Occurred After Party
Had Been Assured by Mex
icans That a Military Es
cort Was Not Necessary
NOGALES, Ariz., Jan. 22.— H. L. Mil
ler and Charles E. Tolerton, who es
caped in Thursday's Indian massacre
in Sonora, Mexico, passed through here
this morning with the bodies of Coy,
MacKenzie, Call and Steubinger, bound
for Chicago. The correct names and
addresses of the men killed are: Dr. R.
C. Coy, 6520 Woodlawn avenue, Chi
cago; John K. MacKenzie, 2614 Indiana
avenue, Chicago: M. A. Call, Sioux
City, lowa, with relatives residing in
Toledo; Walter Steubinger, Kewanee,
Illinois.
Charles E. Tolerton is of Salem, Ohio,
and H. L. Miller is well known in Los
Angeles, where he had. spent the last
few years. Tolerton is a young man
of 25 years and a cousin of Call. •
It now appears that the parjy asked
for an escort from the Mexican author
ities at Hermosillo and an order to the
military at La Colorada was issued.
Upon reaching La Colorada the escort
was requested, but the Mexicans re
plied that there were so many in the
party an escort was unnecessary.
Thereupon the party left for Camp To
ledo and reached there without dif
ficulty.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred Forshaw of Color
ado, from either Cripple Creek or Col
orado Springs, were with the party on
the outward trio, but left the main
party before reaching Camp Toledo and
are now in camp and in no danger
whatever. Fred with his
wife and child, went over the same
roftd test Wednesday or Thursday and
undoiH>ft?dly reached their camp. Gar
rettson is from Buffalo and is engaged
in mining in the Sahuaripa district, So
nora. A Mr. Pelletier, a mining engi
neer, recently employed by the Zarasca
Mining Company, is with Garrettson.
All the mining men in the district
where the massacre took place are
c«ming in from camp and the coun
try undoubtedly will be in a feverish
state for some time to come.
It is stated on high authority that
just a month ago Governor Yzabel
held an extended conference "with a
large number of Yaquis at San Miguel
to see if all differences could not be
adjusted, and the Yaquis said that
they demanded all the land along the
Yaqui River and wanted all the Mexi
cans and other settlers there to va
cate. Governor Yzabel replied that
was impossible and the conference
came to an end.
Dr. Coy's body and head were badly
mutilated, his head being mashed in
with stones. His body was stripped of
its clothing as were the other dead.
The survivors got away with their
clothing only, all their money, tickets
and papers being taken by the Iff
dians.
William Chapman Potter, son-in
law of Secretary Morton, has not yet
been located, though it is believed he
will be located to-morrow.
Within seven miles of the scene of
Thursday's tragedy the Yaquis killed
on Friday about noon three Mexicans.
One of the Mexicans was a prominent
man in that section. The Yaqui Cop
per Company men. Brown, Sauntry
and Zetelle probably are at Torres or
Hermosillo. They had "planned to
leave Torres Saturday morning, but
news of the outbreak will probably
turn them back. Brown is a partner
of Senator Thurston and resides in
Washington, D. C, as does also
Zetelle. " Sauntry is from St. J?aul.
The Mexican authorities will make
every effort to capture the Indians,
and if successful swift punishment
will follow.
' Merrill A. Call, one of the victims
of the Yaquis, was formerly a resi
dent of this city, having been em
ployed by the Wagner-Bullock Elec
tric Company. Call was a nephew of
Rev. George W. W r hite of the Central
Methodist Episcopal Church on Mis
sion street.
v *
luted them as martyrs. Every 1 head
was uncovered as the victims were
conveyed away.
The wilder element in the crowd had
now got the upper hand and proceeded
to attack every officer in sight. A gen
eral driving up the Nevsky Prospect
was mobbed, with shouts of "Murder
er!" His sword was captured as a tro
phy, the crowds shouting "Hurrah!"
Another general was nearly dragged
from his sleigh, but clutched the driver
desperately, and in escaping was struck
on his bald head by a glass bottle and
stunned. Swords were wrenched from
several passing officers and the crowd
shouted: "Break their swords, but do
not beat them!"
The appearance of several companies
of infantry restored order, but the
crowds refused to disperse and several
volleys were fired and a number of per
sons killed. A half-dozen policemen
were surrounded by a crowd in a
neighboring side street. The policemen
drew their revolvers and fired and one
of them was killed by a comrade's mis
directed Are.
There was a dramatic scene at the
Narva gate when Father Gopon, in
golden vestments, bearing aloft an ikon
and flanked by two clergymen carrying
religious banners, approached at the
head of the procession of 8000 work
men. Troops were drawn up across the
entrance. Several times an officer
called uoon the procession to stop but
Father Gopon did not falter. Then an
order was given to fire, first with blank
cartridges. Two volleys rang out but
the line still did not waver. Then 'with
seeming reluctance, an officer gave the
command to load with ball, and the
next voile* was followed by shriek*
and cries of the wounded. Bn «eKs
As the Cossacks followed up the vol.
ley with a charge the workmen fled
wo f un e de t d. em • l6aVln * ab ° Ut 10 <> deader
It was evident that the soldiers de
liberately spared Father Gopon " One
of the clergymen by the side of Father
Gopon was wounded, but the father
escaped untouched and hid behind I
wall until the Cossacks passed and he
was then spirited away by workmen
THIEF TAKES
A FORTUNE
IN JEWELS
Gems Valued at $35,000 Are
Stolen From Apartments
in Pasadena Hotel During
the Absence of Occupants
HEAD OF BELLBOYS
IS UNDER ARREST
Large Reward for Recovery
of Ornaments Is Offered by
Owner, Wealthy Member of
New York Stock Exchange
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 22.—Thirty-five
thousand dollars' worth of gems and
jewels were stolen Friday evening in
Pasadena from Mr. and Mrs. William
S. Edey of New York. News of the sen
sational robbery, which was committed
in the Edeys' at tho Hotel
Maryland, was suppressed unt'l to
night, when the police captured the al
leged thief, James Doyle, who has been
head bell boy at the hotel for the last
six months.
In/ Doyle, who came to Pasadena as
F. A. Gaston, the officers believe they
have a criminal who has committed ex
pert robberies throughout the entire
United States. He has passed under
the aliases of Gates, James Walsh and
R. Crandal, and is said to have come
here from San Francisco. If be is the
robber he had accomplices. Cleverly
concealed in the lining of his suit case
were found three valuable articles
stolen from guests of the hotel. Other
incriminating evidence has been un
earthed.
Friday afternoon Edey was playing
golf at the Los Angeles Country Club
i and did not return to his apartments
until late. iMrs. Edey went out riding
at 5 o'clock, and between that hour and
8 o'clock their rooms were entered, the
lock of the trunk containing the jew
elry was picked with a button hook
! and the gem casket emptied. The job
was done hurriedly, a diamond ring be
ing overlooked. Mrs. Edey had always
left her valuables in the hotel office
when going out, but Friday in her
haste she failed to do so.
None; of the stolen articles have been
•recovered. They are supposed to be
hidden about the hotel premises, prob
ably on the grounds, and to-night the
police are on guard, while many eager
searchers are trying to get in. Edey,
who is a member of the New York
Stock Exchange and wealthy, offers
large rewards for the _ recovery of the
treasures, many of which are heirlooms.
Among the missing Jewels is a heart
shaped watch, the back closely studded
with diamonds and valued at $2800; a
horseshoe pin two inches across, set
with diamonds and worth $8000: a ring
set with three large and rare diamonds,
worth $6000, and necklaces, bracelets,
drop, chains and other pieces set with
rubies, diamonds, pearls and sapphires.
The ring the robber overlooked is worth
$1000.
CONSULS ARE KEPT BUSY
LOOKING FOR MISSING MEN
TACOMA, Jan. 22.—Relatives in
Italy have nut in motion the machin
ery of several Governments In an ef
fort to locate Ernest Recanatl, a na
tive of Italy, wno was last heard from
at Dawson several years ago. Ru
mor has reached Italy that Recanatl
was murdered. The Italian Consul at
San Francisco has requested the Yu
kon authorities to investigate the
matter, making his request througtt
American Consul Bergholz of Daw-sot,
The whereabouts on the Yukon
of Harry Sharp are sought by his
wife, who resides at 826 Shotwell
street, San Francisco, and an effort is
also being made to find Henry John
son by his brother, A. J. Johnson, of
204 East Seventeenth street, Oakland.
James A. C. McLean of the British
consulate in San Francisco Is seeking
knowledge of the whereabouts of Wil
liam Giilis, who was last heard from
at Dawson.
AJD VERTISEM ENTS.
Hydrozone
Cures
Sore Throat
A Harmless Antiseptic.
•
Endorsed by the medical profession.
Send ten cents to pay postage on
free trial bottle. Sold by Lead
ing Druggists. Not genuine unless
label bears my signature:
610 Prince St., N. Y.
Write for free booklet on Rational Treat
ment of Disease.
L *
<) visit DR. JORDAN'S qrcat(l
{MUSEUM of anatomy*
A 1061 lUmiH. tot. 6t8ft7U,3.r.0»1.£
\ Ej The Largest Anatomical Muaeum in tht \
(J a JL World. Weokaeues of ivy enameled a
i mM d'»eaae f>»»l«l»»ly rami r»jr th« oldeit V
Q fBHI ipecialiet on tha Cou-. En. 3* year*. 9
4 I*9*l OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 4
\ Conaaltatiao free and itrtrtly prlTatt. v
Q I jSVI Trsarraent personally er by letter. A Q
\IW \l I f—Ultt CVre la irery cue jftclertaken. \
OF S H# Write for Book. ram.e«lUPaiYa>f A
¥P I jl~ ■atiatiAa.B, mailed Faaa. (a "
A 9 €T eaiuable book for men) x
y St..B. r. X
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUARANTEED CERE POR MEN.
HARMLESS INJEOTZON. Cures ordinary
casts In a few days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. NO OTKEB TREATMENT
REQUIRED. Prevents and Cures Stric
tures. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
X. S. REDDY S PR ARM APT. 102 Eddy.CZAR MUST YIELD
TO THE ASSAULTS UPON AUTOCRACY
OR ROMANOFF DYNASTY IS DOOMED
BOOTES OF TWO BLOODY ENCOUNTERS, Of ONE OF WHICH A REGIMENT OF RUSSIAN INFANTRY LAID DOWN ITS ARMS.
WASHINGTON EXPECTS EARLY ENDING
OF WAR BETWEEN RUSSIA AND JAPAN
Final Downfall of Emperor- Nicholas II
Is Regarded as Not Improbable,
•CALL BUREAU. POST BUILDING.
. WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.—News of the
risdng in Russia caused a orofound
sensation at the White House, in the
State Department and anions dinlo
■ mats generally. No official communi
. ration regarding the riots has been re
ceived, the information of the State
Department and the representatives of
' foreign powers being alike confined to
press dispatches. Count Cassini. fhe
Russian Embassador, who returned
from New York at 9 o'clock to-night.
• >Mid soon after his arrival:
1 know nothing beyond some press
report* that I was shown in New York
apd some additional ones that I have
seen since I reached Washington. I
havt heard nothing at all from my
■ Government on the subject and there
fore can say nothing."
Count Cassini plainly was greatly
' disturbed by reports.
. Takahira, the Japanese Minister,
showed little surprise over the news,
but refused to comment upon it in any
way.
State Department officials, and es
pecially Secretary Hay, have been ex
.-pectins just what has occurred.
Through confidential reports from
.\jnerican representatives and others
• they long have known that the war
with Japan was more unpopular in
Russia than the outside world believed
or. suspected, and they looked - for an,
putburst of popular resentment soon
after-the fall of Port Arthur. They are
.'surprised only at the report that even
regular troops have joined in the re
volt.
.Secretary Hay and other high officials
•of t?le State Department are convinced
thrft it will be impossible to restore
peace In Russia until the war with
Japan is ended, and they expect the
revolt to have a prompt effect in forcing
the Czar to open peace negotiations
with Japan. On the supposition that
the disaffection among the troops Is not
widespread, the State Department offi
•cials believe that revolts will continue
to spring up throughout Russia so long
ai the war lasts and that the risings
will grow In strength and number.
• With an unpopular foreign war and
increasing troubles at home, it Is not
—1 I 11 t ■ =M
Failure
To cure indigestion is largely due to the
old theory that when the stomach be
comes inactive It needs something to me.
<harilcally digest its contents, and ca
thartics, purgatives, etc.. are used, which
give only temporary relief, because they
digest, by irritating the Idling of tne
stomach.
Modern science recognizes the fact that
It is the nerves that furnish motive
power to digest the contents of the stom
ach.
. The nerves agitate and mix the food
and. stimulate the secretions. When they
become weakened they lack energy, and
. Indigestion, dyspepsia, sour stomach, re
sylt.
Dr. Miles'
• Restorative Nervine
Wifl relieve obstinate cases of indiges
tion, dyspepsia and stomach trouble by
strengthening these nerves.
"I had severe stomach trouble. Dr.
Miles' Nejvine and Nerve and Liver Pills
cured me. I can now eat anything with
out trouble,"—L. C. O'BRIEN, Winston-
Ralem, N. T.
The first bottle will benefit. If not, the
druggist will return your money.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
seen how Russia can long continue the
war with Japan.
While the State Department officials
hesitate to regard the overthrow of the
Romanoff dynasty as a probability*,
they admit that it is possible and that
it may be the end qf the troubles, if
the Czar does not soon throw off the
baneful influence of the srand dukes
and bureaucrats who are now the real
power in Russia.
All European diplomats regard the
situation as a serious one for the
reigning house, and even the most op
timistic of them do not believe the re
volts will finally be suppressed until
peace has been restored with Japan.
IVORIES AND LACES FOUND
IN MRS. CHADWICK'S HOME
Articles Worth Ten Thousand Dollars
in Hands of Government In
spectors.
CLEVELAND, Jan. 22.—United
States Customs Inspector Leach has
found valuable Ivories and laces be
longing to Mrs. Cassie L. Chadwick in
the Chadwick home on Euclid ave
nue. Leach will learn whether duty
has been paid upon the articles, all of
which have been imported. The goods
were taken to the office of Receiver
Nathan Loeser and will be examined
by - expert. They are said to be
worth at least $10,000.
If it be shown that the duty has not
been paid upon the goods they will
be sold to recover the duty and the
surplus proceeds will become part of
fhe fund which the receiver is accu
mulating for the benefit of the Chad
wick creditors.
FOUR TRAINMEN KILLED
IN RAILWAY COLLISION
Two Others Fatally Hurt on the
Louisville and Nashville Lino In
Tennessee.
MIDDLESBORO, Ky., Jan. 22.—
A head-on collision between two fruit
trains on the Louisville and Nashville
near Shawnee, Term., to-day, resulted
in the death of four railroad men.
Two others were fatally injured.
The dead: James Klutz, fireman,
Middlesboro; George Mooney, fire
man, Corbin; Will Harris, fireman,
Corbin; Brakeman Laughley, Mor
ton, Va.
Fatally injured: Will Terry, en
gineer, Corbin; Will Killinger, con
ductor, Corbin.
POLITICAL SYNDICATE
SETTLES A BIG SUIT
Agreement Reached in $600,000 Ac
tion Against the Nassau Rail,
way Interests.
NEW YORK, Jan. 22.—1t was an
nounced to-night that persons acting
for the estate of Hugh McLaughlin
and also representing James Shevlin,
former Senator John McCarty and P.
H. Flynn of the Nassau Railroad, had
settled the suit brought by Michael J.
Coffey to recover $600,000, which Cof
fey alleged was his unpaid share of
the profits made by the McLaughlin
political syndicate In Brooklyn out of
the franchise obtained by the Nassau
Railroad Company. The franchise was
sold four and a half years ago to the
Brooklyn Rapid Transit Railroad.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL), MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1905.
EUROPE BELIEVES REVOLUTIONARY
MOVEMENT HAS BUT BEGUN.
GOVERNMENT NOW REALIZES
TEMPER OF. THE POPULACE
LONDON, Jan. 23.—Such phrases as
these, extracted from editorial articles
in the London morning newspapers, in
dicate the opinion held here of yester
days' events at St. Petersburg:
"Revolt has been quelled, but revolu
tion begun." /
"The bureaucracy has declared its
policy; it is the policy of Blagovest
chenk—'massacre.''
"The inevitable reaction has begun,
and with it a new chapter in Russia's
history and probably also in the his
tory of Europe and Asia."
"The revolutionary movement In
Russia has received its baptism of
blood, its crown of martyrdom."
"Is there a Mirabeau or even a Dan
ton in Russia to-day?"
"A very grave responsibility lies to
day at the door of the Czar, who failed
to grasp his unique opportunity."
"The 'Little Father' has become the
murderer of his people, and it remains
with him to save the country from dis
aster. Even at the eleventh hour he
may do so, but only by recognizing
that autocracy has gone forever."
It is pointed out that the fate of Rus
sia does not depend upon the people of
St. Petersburg alone, but on the masses
throughout the country, and it is con
sidered that the events recent
months connected with the agitation
for constitutional reform sufficiently
attest the people's temper.
Some of the special dispatches from
St. Petersburg this morning comment
upon the unexpectedly determined at
titude displayed by the Russian work
men yesterday as revealing a new
phase in the character of the patient
masses.
Many special correspondents give ex
travagant reports. For instance, the
correspondent of the Dally Mail says
that 20,000 people from Kolpino were
met at the Moscow arch, on the con
fines of St. Petersburg, with six vol
leys and that 1000 fell dead and 1500
wounded. Other correspondents state
that the workmen have proclaimed
their intention to attack private prop
erty and that Minister of the Interior
Sviatopolk-Mirsky has consented to
receive a deputation of workmen to
day. While many estimate the casual
ties at anywhere near 2000 killed and
wounded, there is everywhere conclu
sive evidence of the Impossibility of
yet estimating with any degree of ex
actitude.
APPREHENSION IN FRANCE.
Feared That French Scenes Will Be
Re-enacted in Russia.
PARIS, Jan. 22.—The news of the
bloody events In St. Petersburg has
caused a profound sensation here. The
newspapers issued special editions
throughout the evening, giving the
dramat'c details of the street fighting,
and these were eagerly read and dis
cussed in the boulevards, at the the
aters and in other public places the
tragedy being the one subject of com
ment. The newspaper offices were sur
rounded by crowds awaiting bulletins.
Officials here have received advices
practically the same as those made
public.
The general view, including that of
officials, is one of the deepest appre
hension that the events of to-day may
precipitate in Russia a period of revo
lution such as France has witnessed.
FLEET MAY MAKE DASH.
TOKIO, Jan. 28.—Vie« Admiral
Kamimura left to-day to rejoin his
fleet. It was recently announced that
the Russian Vladivostok squadron was
believed to have been repaired and
might come out at any moment.
The Navy Department is strenuous
ly preparing for the second stage of
the war. During the year past the
Japanese have captured twenty-three
blockade runners, of which thirteen
were Russian and seven British. The
recent captures of coal amounts to
twenty-five thousand tons.
RUSSIA HILLIS' THEME.
Says Empire Has Neglected the Lesson
of Freedom.
CHICAGO, Jan. 22.—"Russia has
neglected the lesson of freedom so elo
quently taught by history," declared
Rev. Newel Dwight Hillis of Plymouth
Church, Brooklyn, in a sermon before
his old congregation of Central Church,
preached in the Auditorium to-nisht.
"A new statement of our lesson is to
be found," he said, "in connection with
that great empire of Europe, which
now is disturbed with the preliminary
tremblings of a social earthquake.
Three hundred yearsago the conditions
which prevail in Russia to-day could
be found in England.
"Later, in France, a noble, when the
poor people of Paris asked for bread,
said: 'Let them eat grass,' and the
next day they butchered him in the
streets. To-day we find in Russia a
nation where the lives of the lower
classes are filled with misery and
squalor. In the warm, rich atmosphere
of the twentieth century these condi
tions exist. One part of society, ar
rayed against the lower classes, is say
ing 'We will be blind to the teachings
of history,' and is ignoring the inevit
able consequences which follow the en
slaving of human souls and bodies. A
little handful of men own all the land,
possess all the titles, hold all the priv
ileges. This is a country of which it
can be truly said: 'The lessons of his
tory have been in vain.' But. perhaps,
even now that lesson Is upon us."
SENATE TO HEAR CHARGES
AGAINST JUDGE SWAYNE
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.—The
United States Senate this week will
transform Itself into a court of jus
tice to hear the impeachment charges
against Judge Charles Swayne of Flor
ida. Official sanction of the House
having been given, It is expected that
notice of the Senate's readiness to
hear the charges will be conveyed to
the House immediately after it con
venes on Monday.
The managers of the Joint statehood
bill are very hopeful of securing an
agreement to vote on that measure
before the close of the week.
Unless legislation for Government
rate-making affecting the railroads
shall be Injected into the House next
week, the principal work will be de
voted to the annual appropriation
bills.
ANARCHISTIC OUTBREAK
AT FUNERAL OF MICHEL
PARIS. Jan. 22.—The funeral of
Louise Michel, the revolutionary agi
tator, at Levollis Perret to-day was
the occasion of a large anarchistic
demonstration. The streets, however,
were heavily guarded by the military
and police and there was no serious
disturbance.
MAY SUE
SANTA FE
RAILROAD
Government Will Be Given
Evidence by the Commerce
Board Showing a Willful
Violation of Elkins Law
♦ -
SECRETARY MORTON
MAY BE INVOLVED
Rebates Said to Have Been
the Practice When He Held
the Position of Executive
Officer of the System
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.—"This com
mission will beyond any doubt report
to the Attorney General next week that
the Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe Rail
road has been guilty of what appears
to be a willful violation of the Elkins
law. This report will be accompanied
by a draft of the evidence taken by the
commission and in view of this action,
I do not see how the Department of
Justice can refrain from instituting
prosecutions against the railroad."
This statement was made to-day by a
member of the Interstate Commerce
Commission. The prosecution of the
Santa Fe Railroad by the Government
will be most embarrassing to Secretary
of the Navy Morton, who was executive
officer of that corporation during the
tfcne when the alleged rebates were
given.
"The commission has ended its in
vestigation of this matter," said the
commissioner, "and is now engaged in
preparing a statement for the Attorney
General. This will be ready for trans
mittal next week. Our last hearing
was on December 29, but President
Ripley of the Santa Fe asked for a
subsequent hearing, and the case was
held open until January 16. A few
days before that date he canceled his
request. •
"The fact that a member of the Cabi
net may become involved makes no
difference to the commission. While
I have not talked with the President,
I feel sure that he would not care to
interfere one way or the other. The
punishment cannot be less than a fine
of $1000 nor more than $20,000 for each
offense. If each shipment in which a
rebate was allowed constitutes a sep
arate offense, tad total fine to which
the Santa Fe is Tfable will run up into
hundreds of thousands of dollars.''
Attorney General Moojiy may differ
from the members of the Interstate
Commerce Commission regarding the
findings after a review of the testi
mony.
DRUNKEN BRAWL
ENDS IN DEATH
Giuseppe Brgardo Is Shot
Down on Powell Street by
Mob of Enraged Pursuers
A drunken brawl in the barber shop
of Pietro Rats, Francisco and Mason
streets, shortly after midnight this
morning, ended only after Giuseppe
Brogardo, an Italian fisherman, was
shot to death by the bullets from sev
eral of the men who were mixed up in
the free fight. Wentz Brossini, Antoni
and the proprietor of the shop
were arrested by the police and held
pending an investigation.
Brogardo, in company with a large
party of friends, had been in the barber
shop drinking heavily all day. A row
started at rrtidnight and the party re
paired to the street to fight it out. Sev
eral attacked Brogardo, according to
the stories of eye-witnesses, and he
drew a revolver to protect himself,
firing two shots.
At the same time several others of
the party also drew weapons and
opened fire on the fisherman. He fled
down Powell street, but at the corner
uf Vandewater street fell. His pur
suers kept on, firing as they ran, and
the wounded man picked himself up
and ran along Vandewater street to
Mason, turning into the latter street.
By this time his pursuers were close
upon him and he had gone but a few
yards when he fell dead, pierced In the
back by two more bullets. His pur
suers immediately fled. Policeman
B'ennell, attracted by the shooting,
hastened to tbe scene and soon after
arrested Brossini. The* latter threw
away a revolver containing Aye empty
chambers.
The proprietor of the shop and La
poli were caught soon after by Fennell.
They say they know nothing about the
shooting, but the police think they are
aware of who fired the fatal shots, and
will be held till the mystery has been
solved.
The dead man was known as "Joe the
Fisherman," and was a prominent fig
ure for yearn along the water front.
Lapoli is a wrestler of some note and
popular In the Italian colony. Detec
tives Braig and Thomas Gibson have
been detailed on the case and several
arrests will follow to-day.
MISTAKES BOY FOR COUGER
AND FIRES FATAL SHOT
Idaho Sportsman Fires at Moving
Bushes and Kills a Youth
ful Hunter.
HOPE, Idaho, Jan. 22.—Arthur
Ferguson, a 14-year-old boy, while out
hunting about three miles from East
Hope, was mistaken for a cougar by
Minnes Miller and instantly killed with
a rifle ball. The boy was hunting
alone, as was Miller, who lives at East
Hope. Miller was looking for a cougar
and when he heard young Ferguson
moving among the bushes he fired and
the boy fell dead.
ROME. Jan. 22.—Pope Plu» X to-day received
In private audience Miss Nellie Grant, grand
daughter of tne late General U. 8. Grant.
A good many trains of thought are
unable to get off the side track.
CHICAGOAN
MAY BE A
BLUEBEARD
John Hock Believed by the
Police to Have Murdered
Ten Women and to Have
Been Married Many Times
N£W BEING SOUGHT
BY THE OFFICERS
Authorities Also Hold the
Opinion That He Was Jan
itor of "Holmes Castle"
of Tragic Recollection
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
CHICAGO. Jan. 22.—That John Hock,
accused by Mrs. Emelle Fischer Hock
of poisoning her sister two days before
marrying herself, was Janitor of the
old "Holmes Castle," in which so many
women were murdered, and that he has
profited so well by the training of his
employer, H. H. Holmes, who was
hanged in Philadelphia, that he has
already murdered ten women, is the
belief of the police after to-day's de
velopments.
The last link in the chain of evi
dence, that is being welded, is a state
ment from Mrs. Anna Hendrickson of
Englewood, that she believes she was
married to Hock a year ago. Mrs.
Hendrickson told the police to-day that
a man answering Hock's description
married her in Hammond, md., and
live weeks later deserted her, taking
with him JSOO, belonging to her.
The story- told by Mrs. Hendrickson
seemed so important to the police that
to-day two detectives accompanied her
to the cottage where Mrs. Marie
Walcker Hock died. Here a shoe of
peculiar formation, worn by Hock ow
ing, it is said, to large bunion on his
foot, was found. "The man who mar
ried me under the name of Hendrick
son used to wear just such a shoe,"
said Mrs. Hendrickson.
The police refuse to reveal the wom
an's address, but she Is being kept in
hiding until her story is thoroughly in
vestigated.
Captain Madden of the Englewood
station has detailed Lieutenant Storen
on the case, and it is believed that
Hock will be captured in a few hours,
as the police are fairly sure of his
hiding place.
Late to-day another woman ap
peared and told the police of having
been married to Hock. She Mrs.
Schmidt, who oiaims to have been mar
ried in 1&04, and deserted by her hus
band three weeks later. Lieutenant
JStoren said to-night that he believed
to, be the former associate of the
notorious Holmes.
"I believe it possible that this man
Hock was the janitor of 'Holmes
Castle.' " said Lieutenant Storen. "He
answers the description of the janitor
who disappeared after testifying In be
half of Holmes. Another thing that
makes me believe as I do is that Hock
Mas seen to-day In a barber shop at
703 Sixty-third street. This is the old
•Holmes Castle' in which so many
women were said to have been mur
dered by Holmes." •
Police Inspector Shippy said to-day
that he is in possession of evidence,
which causes him to believe that Hock
had murdered at least ten women.
TO WED LOCAL
SOCIETY MAN
♦
Mrs. Gertrude D. McCauley
of Colorado to Become the
Bride of George K. Field
♦
Special Dlsoatch to The Call.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Cold 1 ., Jan.
22.—A romance, begun in Honolulu last
April, will reach a climax in the latter
part of this month with the marriage
of Mrs. Gertrude D. McCauley of Colo
rado Springs and George R. Field of
San Francisco. Mr. Field Is a well
known member of the Bohemian Club,
and has been construction engineer
with the Risdon Iron Works for eleven
years. He is the son of Mr. and Mrs.
Field of Groton, N. V., and has been
prominent in society both in San Fran
cisco and the Eastern metropolis. Mrs.
McCauley Is the daughter of Charles
H. White, a banker and capitalist of
this city. She has traveled extensively.
She spent her girlhood in Boston, where
she received her education.
Mrs. McCauley is at the present time
in Pleasanton, N. J., where she has
been spending the winter and indulg
ing In her fancy for good horses and
golf, but will soon come to this city in
time to prepare for the wedding.
Mrs. McCauley was recently granted
a divorce for cruelty from Thomas B.
McCauley, with whom she eloped
several years ago. They were married
in Atlantic City. Before that Mrs. Mc-
Cauley was the wife of Francis D. Pas
torious, a social leader of this city.
She is well known in social circles in
this city and In Denver.
On January 10 Charles D. MacNeiH,
the mall trust magnate, was granted a
divorce from his wife, Julia Estell
White MacNelll, on the grounds of de
sertion. Mrs. MacNeill is the younger
sister of Mrs. McCauley. Rumor has It
that she, too, is again about to embark
on the matrimonial sea and that) her
sailing mate will be a man who paid
her considerable attention before she
was married to MacNeill.
BLANCHE BATES WINNER
IN FIGHT WITH TRUST
Actress Finally Succeeds in Securing
House in Portland for "Dar
ling of the Gods."
PORTLAND, Jan. 22. — Blanche
Bates has succeeded in obtaining a
theater in Portland in which to put
the "Darling of the Gods" in spite of
the efforts of theatricl trust to shut
her out Her original contract with
the Grand Theater has proved to be
binding and she will open here Janu
ary 30.
ENDS ANARCHY
AT OUR DOOR
New Agreement With Santo
Domingo WiU Put Stop
to Constant Uprisings
TRIUMPH FOR LOOMIS
European Powers Hence
forth Will First Present
Claims to United States
Bp«cial Dispatch to Tha Call.
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING*
WASHINGTON. Jan. 22.—Revolution*
are expected to become things of tha
past in Santo Domingo, now that the
United States has arranged to take
control of the administration of the
customs service of the black republic
The plan is simply to put Santo Domin
go on a frugal allowance for its run
ning expenses and to turn the rest of
the revenues to the payment of its for
eign debt.
European powers are now expected to
present their complaints to the United
States before they attempt to chastise
American republics which prove dere
lict in their obligations. Expeditions
of warships by European powers for
the purpose of scaring these weak re
publics into immediately paying ex
tortionate indemnities for real or slight
wrongs will probably no longer ba
tolerated. Germany has twice tried
the patience of the United States by
such tactics in Santo Domingo and
Hayti. The latter's finances are not
In good shape, but they have not
reached the tangle Santo Domingo
finds itself in to-day.
The State Department to-day,
through Assistant Secretary "Coomis.
issued a memorandum concerning the
action taken In Santo Domingo. Loomis
.is really the engineer of this bit of
diplomacy. He visited Santo Domingo
over a year ago to devise some way of
curing the worst sore spot in the west
ern hemisphere, which. In a state bor
dering on anarchy, has been a stand
ing menace to the Monroe Doctrine be
cause of the constant Irritation pro
vided for the European powers.
FARMER KILLS HIS SONS
AND TAKES HIS OWN LIFE
McPHERSON, Kans., Jan. 22.—
Charles Tuxhorn, a farmer, living four
teen miles southwest of here, last night
killed his two sons, young boys, aged
6 and 10 years, burned his house and
barn, with all their contents, and then
shot and killed himself.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOW IS YOUR CHANGE TO
I BRIN6 YOUR FRIENDS OR
RELATIVES FROM EUROPE
Through Rates to California From:
QUEENSTOWN 567.75
LIVERPOOL 67.75
LONDON 70,75
GLASGOW 70.15
DUBLIN 70.16
GOTHENBURG 71.50
MALMO 7140
COPENHAGEN 7140
Proportionate low rates from all
other points by the Old Reliable
Cunard Line. Safest and quickest
line crossing the Atlantic.
These rates good only for limited
time. Purchase tickets at once. If
you can't call, send the money and
we will furnish you with the tickets.
S. F. BOOTH.
Gen. Agt. T\ P. R. R. Co.
Cunard S. S. Co.
No. 1 Montgomery St.
Francisco,
Calif.
&?UjGku£aAiu*s>
f Perfect-Fitting
Eyeglasses
At Moderate Cost t;
BRAIN BAGS
The Board of Directors of Sin
Quentin Prison* on Saturday, the
14th inst., fixed the price of hags
at 5 1 2 cents each, reserving the
right at the end of sixty days to
change this price. Blank affidavits
and any further information con
cerning the purchase of bags will
be furnished upon application to
the Warden. The limit of bags on
each affidavit is, by law, 5000.
J. W. TOMPKINS, Warden.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KKABNT ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearingron bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. ("barces low.
Caresyaarantee4. Cull or writ*.
iIBBON. sail FrancUco- Cat
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; five* health a&4
•Uvogth to sexual crgaas. Depot, 533 Market.
34
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
LIVED AGES BEFORE
THE SIERRAS ROSE
Merriam's Saurians Shed Light
on Age of the World.
BERKELEY, Jan. 22.—Professor
John C. Merriam of the geological de
partment of the State University last j
night made public the results of dis- 1
coveries for which he is responsible,
that are expected to revolutionize
theories held by scientists regarding
the origin and descent of Ichthyosaurs, 1
nshsaurians whose fossils have been
the subject of extensive study by geo- J
1 agists and scientists in general, and ,
. which studies have thrown valuable
light vtpon the formation of the world
and the character of its reptile life
ages ago.
Professor Merriam has contributed
his discoveries to the scientific press
of the country and the result is ex
pected to stir greatly that Bection of
thinkers. incidentally the field of
palaeontologic research in California
naturally will have the center of the
stage, as the theories of Professor
Merriam foilow discoveries made by
him in the mountain ranges of the
State.
The California savant's deductions
are couched in scientific terms diffi
cult of comprehension by the people,
but their significance relates to
changes of opinion regarding the orig
in of the Ichthyosaurs, which he
thinks must follow as the result of
new discoveries of Ichthyosaur fauna.
HAS RIGHT TO SPEAK.
Dr. Merriam's right to speak au
thoritatively on the subject may be in
: ferred from the place of honor given
him by Henry Fairfield Osborn, Da
Costa professor of zoology in Colum
bia University, and curator in the
American museum of natural history,
who in a recent notable article on
Ichthyosaurs, contributed to the Cen
tury magazine, begins his article with
a reference to "an expedition'from the
University of California which dis
. covered in rocks of Triassic age, un
der the shadows of Mount Shasta, re
mains of a new type of nshsaurlan,
■ which was appropriately named Shas
tasaurus by Professor Merriam. This
led to the proofs of the existence in
Northern California of a large and
very ancient bay of the Pacific Ocean
during a period long previous to the
elevation of the Sierra Nevada range."
Henry Fairfield Osborn is looked
• upon as the highest authority on this
and kindred subjects in America and
his readiness to accord Professor
Merriam distinction and equal footing
with him is considered sufficient ex
cuse to regard the California man as
one qualified to discuss in a tone of
authority the involved subject of Ich
• thyosaurs.
Professor Merriam has this to say
of his most recent discoveries as they
relate to Ichthyosaur specimens:
Professor George Baur furnished evidence
that the limbs of the Jurassic Ichthyosaur are
highly specialised structures, developed in
adaptation to aquatic life. He showed that
limbs of the triassic Ichthyosaur come nearer
to the type of the extremity found in primitive
reptllia than do those of later .-representatives
of that order. When Baur wrote the only
available triassic specimens showing limbs
were from'bituminous shales of Besano, L*wn
bardy. These he separated from iohthyosaur
and called them a new genus—mixosaurus.
fhe California triasslc developed collections of
new groups of Ichthyosaur differing in impor
tant particulars from the genera of Europe.
NEW LIGHT FOUND.
So many new forms have appeared in this
fauna that some of the questions relating to,
the origin and descent of the Ichthyosaur must
now be reopened. The addition of the new
PROMINENT MEN
TO TAKE PART
Preparations for Installing
New Theological Instruct
ors at Pacific Seminary
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Jan. 22.
Distinguished ministers of the Con
gregational church and some who have
become notable for their connection
with the Pacific Theological Seminary
of the denomination are to take part
to-morrow night in the installation and
. Inauguration of three new professors of
the seminary, these last being William
Frederic Bade, professor of Old Testa
ment literature and Semitic languages;
John Wright Buckham, professor of
Christian theology, and T. Cowden
Laughlin, professor of New Testament
Greek and exegesis.
president Wheeler of the university
is among those who will deliver greet
ings to the new professors. He will
speak for the university.
President John 8. Mackintosh of the
San Francisco Theological Seminary
will greet the new men as representa
tive of the "fraternity of divinity
schools."
The faculty of the Pacific Theological
Seminary will be represented in the
greetings extended by Charles Sumner
Nash, professor of applied Christianity.
Rev. Burton Murray Palmer will
speak for the alumni of the seminary.
"The churches and. ministry" will
have as their representative in the ad
dress making Rev. George C. Adams of
the First Congregational Church of San
Francisco.
The inaugural address is to be deliv
ered by John Wright Buckham, profes
sor of Christian theology in the Pacific
Seminary.
The induction into office of the pro
fessors-elect will be conducted by Pres
ident John Knox McLean of the Pacific
Theological Seminary. Rev. W. H. Hop
kins of the First Congregational Church
.of Berkeley will give a reading from
the Scriptures. Prayer will be offered
by Hiram Van Kirk, dean of the Berke
ley Bible Seminary.
The subjects of the inaugural ad
dresses are to be as follows: Professor
William Frederic Bade, "Old Testament
Scholarship In Modern Bible Teach
ing"; Professor John Wright Buckham,
"An Estimate of Evolution Theology as
Set Forth by Joseph Le Conte"; Pro
fessor T. Cowden Laughlin, "The Pas
toral Epistles In the Light of One
Roman Imprisonment."
WRIST TOURNAMENT AJTNOUNCED.—
Alameda Jan. 22.—151e City Council of the
Young Ladles' Institute will give a JolSt
whist tourney and dance In Woodmen's Hall
on Tuesday e**enlng. Twenty prizes wtll be
. awarded players making the highest scores.
The following* will act as scorers: Misses
Alice Le Clerc Gladys Rose. May Smith,
Helen Brr.Uh, Margaret McEllln. Mary Mul
vaney. Llzsle Dufoeee. Josle Wieland. Har
riet Goggin. Bertha Koordt, Irene Kochen
dorfer. Marie Dorn. Alice Manicy. Louise Ber
nard. Clare Bolan, Irene Tweedie, Ursula
Scholten. Lillian Cavanaugh, Mrs. J. A. de
la Fontaine.
material has made the problem more compli
cated. .
We mm know tii&t there are four type of
limbu—mixosaurus, toretocremus. shastasaurus
nnd Alexandra*. The fourth api**™ In * ,re *'
cently discovered specimen which seems to be
practically Identical with shastasaurus per
rlni—a genua distinct —ao we shall call it del
phlnosaurus. The mixosaurus' extremities are
of the primitive type. Those of the delphiao
saurus are characterised by much elongated
vertebral centra, an unnotched scapula and a
humerus as broad as it Is long.
The mixosaurus Is the oldest described form
In which the limb structure is known. Beds
in which it occurs are considered byrfYaas a*
the equivalent of some portion of the middle
triasslc, while the California genera belong to
the upper triasslc.
A comparison of the Jurassic and triasslc
genera of the Ichthyoaaur With a View to de
termining the lines of descent shows Immedi
ately that no known jurasslc form can be con
sidered as having descended from the special-'
Ued shasfasaurus. 80 far as we know this
group disappeared in the triasslc.
It should be borne in mind that while the
evidence furnished by limb structure is some
of the most valuable material that we can ob
tain for use In "working out the phyloseny of
the Ichthyosaur. it can hardly furnish tha
whole foundation for a definite classification.
Inside the American group there seems to
be considerable variation, though as yet we
do not know alt the most Important charac
ters of these forms.
It is perhaps a significant fact that of the
several genera toretocremus. with the largest
vestlgal fourth digit, appears in Its general
structure to be nearest to some of the earlier
forma of . Europe presented by ichthyosaur
atavas from the lower portion of the middle
triassic.
The "Alexandrae" type referred to by
Professor Merrtam waß named by him
after Miss A M. Alexander, of Oak
land, a young woman who has taken
part In Professor Merriam's expeditions
and herself has contributed notably to
some of the results attained on these
trips. .
The significance of Professor Mer
riam's technical discussions of changes
In bone structure found in ichthyosaur
fossils may be better understood when
It is known, for example, that these
bone changes are coincident with the
Ichthyosaurus development from a
land-moving form to a reptile, or ani
mal fitted for aquatic life. In such a
transformation, which, Professor Os
born says in his article before referred
to, would have delighted the eye of
Darwin, a Jointed limb gradually dis
solves into a fin composed of flattened
plates; the distinction between the
forearm, the wrist and the hand dis
appears; and numerdus small addi
tional joints are added to the tips of
the fingers so that Instead of the five
Joints found In the longest finger of
the tuatera lizard as many as sixteen
Joints are finally developed on the mid
dle finger of the Ichthyosaur.
Borne conception of the enormons
length of the reign of the ichthyosaurs,
says Professor Merriam, quoting Os
born, and of the profound changes
which occurred in the North American
continent while It was progressing may
be had when It is known that when
the Ichthyosaurs first took to the sea
the Appalachian chain of mountains
was just completing Its upheaval;
while they were In the height of their
prosperity the Sierra Nevadas arose on
the western border of fhe continent;
while they were undergoing their de
cline and approaching extinction the
Rocky mountain range and the region
of the great plains were rising from the
sea. The whole history of their dis
persal on the high seas therefore took
place during a period roughly esti
mated in our scale at eight millions of
years.
RIPE CHERRIES
IN MIDWINTER
Splendid Specimens of This
Fruit on Exhibition at
Oakland Board of Trade
Oakland Office San Fraaotooo Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 22.
An assortment of choice ripe fruits
of varieties seldom seen, even in Cali
fornia, in midwinter, and never in any
other State, is an exhibition ?' the
headquarters of the Oakland Board of
Trade. Among the exhibits are fully
formed ripe cherries, a lot of large and
ripe raspberries, some ripe loganber
ries and blackberries and several clus
ters of ripe currants. All of these
fruits were picked from trees and
bushes growing in Alameda County
gardens and matured and ripened in
the open air.
On several occasions before Christ
mas raspberries have been placed on
exhibition In Oakland, but so far as is
known this is the first time ripe cher
ries have been gathered in January.
These cherries, which are fully ma
tured and perfectly formed, came from
trees at the homes of Irving R. Whit
ney of Berkeley and Oscar Lunlng of
this city and from the ranch of the
Neppach brothers in Fruitvale.
The first cherries sent to the Board
of Trade came from the home of Irv
ing R. Whitney, 1431 Hawthorne ter
race, Berkeley, and were gathered on
January 11 from a tree In the garden.
A few days later Oscar Lunlng of 3855
Telegraph avenue sent In several cher
ries and yesterday the Neppach broth
errs of Fruitvale sent an exhibit of
Black Tartarian cherries and crab
apples.
The fruits and berries now displayed
at' the Board of Trade rooms, at 610
Twelfth street, completely fill one of
the large show windows and the ex
hibit is attracting much attention.
Besides those already mentioned the
following have added to the exhibit:
W. S. Fake. 1131 East Nineteenth street,
blackberries and blossoms, raspberries sad lo
ganberries.
R. B. Nixon, 457 Forty-third street, basket
of large raspberries.
D. L. Lyon, 2210 Andover street, raspberries.
Mrs. J. Ships, 1517 Fifth street, strawberries
Mrs. A. C. Scoville, 142 Miles avenue, Aldeu.
loganberries.
0. Emlay, 690 Twenty-fifth • street, black
berries. ,
E. A. George, Lincoln avenue, Dtmond, green
and ripe currants.
H. Keltcn, 1920 Linden street, raspberries.
Katherlne Reno, Dimond, raspberries.
E. Johnson, raspberries.
Mrs. L. P. Collins, 1953 Myrtle street, rasp
berries.
Dr. S. B. Littlepage. 867 East Twelfth street,
raspberries.
J. Letthman, Lincoln avenue, Dtmond, ap
ples.
F. Shoo, 2155 Grove street, apples.
1. R. Whitney, Berkeley, apples and pears.
Leroy Murdcck of Elmhurst, several branches
of raspberries and blossoms, gathered from a
row of bushes fifty feet long, all of which are
full of berries.
H. C. Whitney, Piedmont, basket of large,
ripe raspberries. '
Captain J. H. Shepard. 1068 East Sixteenth
street several branches of ripe Himalaya
blackberries and blossoms.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL!, MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1905.
MURDERED
WITH SONG
ON HER LIPS
Mrs. Mary L. Callender Falls
Victim of Insane Cook
While She and Husband
Sing the "Rock of Ages"
JAMES FERGUSON THEN
ENDS HIS OWN LIFE
Faithful Servant Suddenly
Loses His Reason, Kills
Benefactress, Then Runs
: Away and Shoots Himself
OAKLAND, Jan. 22.—With the words
of "Rock of Ages'' on her Hps, Mrs.
Mary L. Callender, an aged negress,
was shot and killed to-night by James
Ferguson, a negro cook, who ran
amuck at the Callender home, 179 Third
street. John T. Callender, the woman's
husband, was also a target for the
crazed man's bullets, but escaped in-
Jury. Ferguson fled and was found an
hour afterward by the police at First
and Alice streets, where he had shot
himself twice in the head, lodging a
bullet in each ear. Ferguson died at
the Receiving Hospital at 11 o'clock
while the surgeons were trying to re
move the bullets from his head.
The aged couple were sitting in the
kitchen singing gospel hymns, as their
custom had been for many years on
Sunday nights. Fifteen minutes before
the shooting Ferguson, who has lived
with them for years, was talking in an
other room to Joseph Oates, a boy, who
also lived at the house. The boy wen,
to bed Just before 8 o'clock. A few min
utes afterward, while the old folk
were at their humble devotions, the
back doer of the kitchen suddenly
banged open and Ferguson burst into
the room upon the couple. With a
pistol In each hand he yelled, "Give
me $26." Before either Callender or his
wife could utter a word, Ferguson
fired twice. One bullet struck the old
woman in the neck and she fell to the
floor, mortally wounded.
HUSBAND ESCAPES.
The second shot. Intended for the
husband, missed him, but the shock
prostrated the old man. The demented
pistol wlelder disappeared. Callender
called for help. Several people In the
house responded, including Mrs. P.
Taylor, a daughter, who called the po
lice. The wounded woman died on the
way to the Receiving Hospital. The
body was taken to the Morgue. Chief
of Ponce Hodgklne. Detectives Hol
land. Shorey, Quigley and Kyte took
up the hunt for the murderous negro,
and after a search through the lower
side of the city traced him to the spot
where he was found. He was lying on
i the platform of an abandoned flour
mill. Shots had been heard in the
neighborhood soon after Ferguson left
the Callender house and it was sus
pected he had tried to end his own Ufa
Old man Callender declared the shoot
ing of his wife was a murder without
the slightest provocation. Said he:
Ferguson was a bit out of his head at times,
but he never acted violently. A few year* aso
he talked about killing a mac over some money
troubles, but that all blew over. He had lived
with us for years, cooking- and doing- chores
about the house. Before that he had gone to
sea as a cook. The only reason I can give for
his crime Is that he suddenly went oraay and
Intended to kill both of ua I took oars of him
because be was a oountryman of mine and was
handy about the house. Tills crime was a ter
rible reward for the kindness my poor wife and
I had always shown him.
NO QUARREL.
Callender and his family insisted
there had been no trouble to arouse
Ferguson's anger. Oates said the man
had seemed rational and was quietly
talking with him shortly before he went
wild. Ferguson, because of his wounds,
could not talk about the shooting. As
he was lying on the operating table he
muttered, "The pistol was bad." The
weapon found near him by the police
was a cheap one of bulldog pattern
carrying a large-caliber bullet. It con
tained two empty sheila Examination
showed that all of the five chambers
had contained recently discharged
cartridges.
Mrs. Callender was shot through the
left side of the neck, the bullet plowing
downward and penetrating the heart.
She was 68 years old, a native of Phila
delphia. Besides Mrs. Taylor, there is
another daughter, Mrs. Ellen Painer.
Callender is known in shipping circles
in San Francisco, where for years he
conducted a sailor boarding-house on
Broadway, near Davis street. He
amassed considerable money and had
investments in several whalers and
other vessels sailing out of San Fran
cisco.
Ferguson was unmarried, about 46
years old and a native of the British
West Indies. His body was taken to the
Morgue.
WANTS NO DISCUSSION
OF THE WATER QUESTION
Board of Trade Notifies Members
That the Meeting for This Pur
pose Has Been Postponed.
OAKLAND. Jan. 21.—There will be
no discussion of the water question
next Tuesday evening at the regular
quarterly meeting of the Board of
Trade. Lest the friends of one prop
osition might rally for the support of
a pet project, the meeting has been in
definitely postponed and the following
notice sent to the members:
OAKLAND, Jan. 21, 1905.—Dear Sir: In
formation having been received by the direct
ors of the Oakland Board of Trade that the
discussion of the water question announced for
next Tuesday evening might result ■In the
passage of resolutions placing the' Board of
Trade upon record as favoring one or the other
of the propositions, the directors, after mature
deliberation at a regular meeting of the board
held Friday night, unanimously voted to post
pone the quarterly meeting' previously an
nounced, subject to the call of the chair. Very
respectfully.
C. J. REESE MAN, Vice President.
EDWIN STEARNS, Secretary.
REPUBLICANS WILL MEET.—Alameda,
Jan. 22. —Notices have been issued by the City
Republican Central Committee over the signa
ture-of C. L. Tilden for a meeting to be hell
at 130* Railroad avenue next Thursday night,
"for the purpose of acting upon matters that
may properly come before the said body in
connection with the approaching municipal
campaign." Three City Trustees are to be
elected In April, and the indications are that
there will be many aspirants for the places.
DEPOT CELEBRATION.—AIameda, Jan..22.
If arrangements can be made with the South
ern Pacific Company, the West End Improve
ment Association will celebrate the opening of
the new ferry depot at Jhe Alameda Mole,
which is now in- course of It Is
planned to have representative citizens from
this city, Oakland and Berkeley take part in
the programme.
BEGIN A FIGHT
FOR OPEN SHOP
Oakland Restaurant Owners
Declare Change Will Be
Made on February First
NO TROUBLE EXPECTED
Proprietors Will Receive the
Support of the Bakers and
the Citizens' Alliance
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 22.
The long Impending fight for the
"open shop" in the restaurants of this
city will begin on Wednesday, Feb
ruary 1. The restaurateurs who are
members of the Restaurant Keepers'
Protective Association of Oakland will
then remove the union cards from their
places and substitute for them the
"open shop" cards of the association.
The proprietors of thirty-two of the
largest restaurants in the city are
members of the protective association,
which is backed by the Citizens' Alli
ance, and all of these owners have put
up certified checks as bonds to stand
by the open shop.
The restaurant owners will he sup
ported by the Citizens' Alliance in ease
trouble follows. Trouble is not ex
pected, for there will be no change in
wages or hours. The employes in the
various restaurants will simply be In
formed that no discrimination against
non-union men and women will be
shown In the future.
The proprietors of several of the
larger bakeries In Oakland have allied
themselves with the restaurant keepers'
association, and they have promised
that should trouble result from the
movement, they will also declare for
the open shop.
The officials of the local Cooks' and
Walters' Union refused to-day to dis
cuss the coming change, except to say
that plans to meet any move made by
the Citizens' Alliance had already been
agreed upon by the members of the
union.
UNIVERSITY
SONG BOOK AT
LAST ARRIVES
HE RKELBT, Jan. 23.—After waiting two
Tear* for tha publication of their university
song book, men of the college* at last nave
received copies of the work. The books ar
rived to-day at President Wheeler's office, but
not In such quantities as to permit of supply
ing; all who may wish to have the publication.
The budget of songs la oomplete as a result,
mainly, of Professor C M_ (Hurler's work. Be
has superintended the compilation of the son**,
and urged on the work of publishing- them.
The old songs have been reproduced Just as
they have been sung- for years on the campus.
The preparation of the music has been super
vised by H. B. Passmore of Baa Francisco,
who has done this without compensation.
Many new songs appear, many of them the
work of Professor Gtayley. The book Is bound
In blue, with, the words In golden lettering on
the cover: "Song* of California," The book
contains the following song* t "Qloria, Cali
fornia t Golden Bear"; "A Hone of the Ends of
the Earth"; "Old North HatF's "Oh, Ooiden
Day!" "Alma Mater": "Bright California";
"Berkeley by the Sea 1 '; "California, Hail to
Thee!" al Sir Francis Drake"; "Let There Be
Light"; "The Blue and Gold*': "Good Bishop
Berkeley" I"Aioha Oe-I" "Where Are the God* v.'
"Onward. California": "Beast of Great Re
nown": "Student*. Rally"; "On the Campus" i
"Oh, Come, To Lads"; "Battle Song": "El Do
rado"; "Serenade"; "Carpe Diem' 1 ; "Win*
fcong"; "My University": r 'Tbe Heathen Chi
nee"; "Blue In the Holt and Hollow"; "The
Senior Tree"; "A Stein Son*": "My Love's
Own Bong": "The Desperado* r ; "Gaudeamu*'';
"Integer Vttae"; "Aud Matrem";
"Mater Augue"; "Lands* atgue Carmlr.a" (
"Laurlger Horatlus"; "Jolly Sophomore" j
"Bingo"; "A Coaat"• "All tor the Bake of
California"; "Rush 'Em Down the Campus")
"The Boole Boo*"; "On the Field"; "Califor
nia's Bound to Win"; "Stanford Had a DitU*
Ax i "liiory Blue"; "Palm* of Victory";
"We've Got to Win To-day": "The Day Is
Done"; "The Ouya"
Nell Baker, besides the distinction of being
the best singles tennis player at the univer
sity, has won a sliver loving oup, the gift of
his associates. The cup bears the Inscription:
"Champion In tarda** singles," With Baker's
name below. Baker 1* a Junior of the univer
sity. Last year he won the honor of meeting
Drummond MaoOavln in the Intercollegiate
meet.
Officers for the university orchestra have
been elected this term as follows: N. New
field, president and manager; Grant Remer,
assistant manager; R. C. Merwln, secretary.
Plans are being made for an orchestra dance.
The association Is on a sound financial basis,
and expect* to provide several elaborate en
tertainments during the term.
The Hlllegaas Tract la expected to be a
model stadium when the plan* for the greater
university have been carried out. In the cen
ter will be the oval, cinder track, the base
ball diamond and the football Meld. At the
two end* will stand the gymnasiums, the
men's at ihe west and the women's at the
other end.w Provision will be made for tennis
court* for both men and women. The athletic
equipment Is expected to compare favorably
with that of any American university.
At the meeting of the Associated Women
Students next Monday will be discussed the
women's day number of the Occident maga
zine, the colonial ball, athletics, including
boating and tennis and basket-ball. It Is the
first meeting of the association for the term.
The senior banquet held Friday night at the
Metropole Hotel in Oakland proved to be the
most notable affair of Its kind the class has
ever known. The class was, well represented.
Toasts were responded to as follows during
the evening: "How to Win a Woman's
Heart," R. C. Tuttle; "Co-eds—Two of a
Kind." J. P. Loeb; "How to Grow a Bay
Window," W. H. Dehm; "Propitious Occa
sions," Leo D. Bishop; "Kicks," James
Force; "Fl-nane-lal Experiences," Eugene
Hallett; "Am I Really a Killer?" D. P.
Boothe; "The Evil Spots of Frisco," A. C.
Keane: "Married Life." L. E. Bulkeley.
•Next Monday is the last day on which stu
dents may make changes In study lists. None
will b» allowed after that day except by spe
cial petition to the faculty.
The drawings In the tnterolas* tennis tour
nament have resulted as follows:
Freshman class —Morgan and Variel play
Lumbard and Smilie. Butler and Schmidt drew
a bye.
Sophomore class—Newhall and Wright play
I.ane and Wayne. Francis and Lowell play
Craig and partner. Gorrlll and Wh!taker drew
a bye\
Junior class—Esterly and Linforth play Mo-
Duffie and Variel. Baker and Rolfe drew a
bye. The entries. in the senior meet have
not yet been drawn. After the class cham
pions are decided there will come the inter
class tournament, which will result In the
choosing of a team to represent the univer
sity.
The collection of stuffed birds In East Hali
has at last been put on display in atr-tlrht
cases. The university's shell collection has
been arranged and classified by Warren
Cheney of Berkeley.
The French department is to continue its
course of French lectures on general topics,
these having covered last term Parisian life
and men of letters, French novels and nov
elists and other subjects. Robert Dupouey Is
to deliver many of the lecture* of this term,
In the students' observatory.
ADELPHIAN DEXJ3GATES. — Alameda,
Jan. 22.—Delegate* to the meeting of the
State Federation of Women's Clubs to be held
at Ix)s Angele* on February T. 8 and 9 have
been selected by the Adelphlan Club as fol
lows: Mrs. I. N. Chapman. Mrs. A. J. Sam
uel, Mrs. L. U Oillogly and Mrs. George E.
Plummer The alternates chosen are: Mrs. E,
W. Manlln. Mrs. Clarence Webster and Mrs.
J. N. Young.
"I'm awful clumsy to-day," apolo
gized the butcher; "my fingers appear
to be all thumbs." "Yes," rejoined
the customer darkly; "it seemed to
me they were getting in the weigh."
*
STEALS WIFE
AND PET RAZOR
Pullman Car Porter Carries
Off Spouse and the Per
sonal Effects of His Host
SUPERSTITION TONS OUT
Elopement Occurs on Friday,
the 13th, and Husband Be
lieves He Was "Hoodooed"
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway,' Jan. 22.
It was on Friday, the 13th day of Jan
uary, that William Wiggins lost his
wife. Wiggins is therefore a confirmed
devotee at the altar of superstition.
Mrs. Wiggins, according to her lament
ing spouse, eloped with a friend of the
family, one J. H. West, who won his
way to the heart of the susceptible
helpmeet and stole her from the discon
solate Wiggins,
Not, however, for West*s theft of the
runaway wife did Wiggins repair to
the Police Court and swear to a war
rant for his former friend's arrest on a
Charge of larceny. Wiggins complained
that West pilfered a lot of his personal
effects. Including wearing apparel, when
he made off with Mrs. Wiggins. When
the abandoned husband made that dis
covery he went on the trail of the
missing Dalr to avenge the double
crime. Wiggins searched high and low.
He pursued the runaways across the
•bay and traced them back and forth
until to-day, when with polios help
West was arrested at Merced.
"He wasn't satisfied to take my
, wife," said the deserted man, "but
along with the rest of the stuff he took
my pet razor."
Police Captain Wilson telegraphed
the Merced authorities to hold West
until he could be sent for. Mrs. Wig
gins is supposed to be with her ad
mirer.
West Is a Pullman oar porter and
lived at 1717 Atlantlo street with Wig
gins, who is a Southern Paclflo cook.
WELL-KNOWN HUMORIST
TO LECTURE IN OAKLAND
Ralph Partette Will Speak at Che Con
gregational Cadet Armory This
Evening.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22.—Ralph Par
lette, the lecturer and humorist, will
give his famous lecture. "Weighed In
the Balance," to-morrow evening at
the Cadet Armory, Fifteenth and Jef
ferson streets, under the auspices of
the Alameda County Christian En
deavor Union. This lecture Is one of
the events of the winter course of en
tertainment arranged by the enter
tainment committee of the Christian
Endeavorers.
Ralph Parlette is one of the best
known humorists in the United States,
and by many is considered the peer
of the famous "Bob" Burdette.
ROUVIER NAMES
HIS MINISTERS
Delcasse to Remain at Head
of the Foreign Office in
the New French Cabinet
PARIS, Jan. 88.—It waa announced
to-night that Rouvier had succeeded
in forming a Ministry and would to
morrow inform President Loubet of
his acceptance of the Premiership,
with the names of those forming the
Cabinet. Following is an approximate
list of the new Ministry:
President of the Council and Minis
ter of Finance —ML Rouvier.
Minister of Foreign Affairs—Theo
phlle Delcasse.
Minister of Justice—Jean Sarrlen.
Minister of the Interior —Eugene
Etienne. s>
Minister of War—Henry Berteaux.
Minister of Marine—Gaston Thom
son.
Minister of Public Instruction—
Raymond Polncalre.
Minister of Commerce —Jean Du
puy.
Minister of Public Works—Btenvu
Martin.
Minister of the Colonies —Ferdinand
Dubief.
Minister *of Agriculture—Joseph
Reaua.
The names of the foregoing are as
sured, but the distribution of port
folios is subject to some rearrange
ment. The prospective Cabinet met
to-night in Rouvler's office and went
over the situation at some length. It
is expected that the result of the con*
ference will appear when Rouvier
definitely outlines his policy.
As the result of the conference be
tween Rouvier and his associates it
was partly decided to-night to con
tinue former Premier Combes' policy.
The order of presentation of the pro
posed reforms will be discussed to
morrow and also the new Cabinet's
attitude concerning the authors of se
cret reports. It Is understood that the
new Ministers consider it unnecessary
to sacrifice all the accused as the Na
tionalists demand.
POSSES FAIL TO CAPTURE
SPOKANE FLYER BANDITS
Pursuers Return to Portland After a
Fruitless Search for the
Robbers.
PORTLAND, Jan. 22.—The police
have not as yet discovered any clew
to the bandits who committed the rob
bery on the Oregon Railroad and Navi
gation Company's "Spokane Flyer"
last night. After a fruitless • search,
which lasted throughout the night the
posse which was hunting the outlaws
returned to the city about daybreak.
R. V. Strope and Joe Moffatt, two
passengers on the train which was
robbed, were arrested on suspicion
when the train reached The Dalles, Or.
Death Calls Barnard's Founder.
NEW YORK, Jan. 22.—Miss Clara
C. Stronahan, founder of Barnard Col
lege for Women in connection with
Columbia University, and long identi
fied otherwise with the higher educa
tion of women in this country, died at
her home in Brooklyn to-night of
apoplexy." She was 73 years of age.
It doesn't make a lightweight any
heavier to put on airs,
far as to return a borrowed umbrella.
RAINY WEATHER
CAUSES A LULL
Oakland Real Estate Men
Tell of a Quiet Market
During the Last Week
FEW SALES REPORTED
Many Outsiders Make Inqui
ries as to Prices of Prop
erty in Alameda County
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 22.
The weather of the last week has
caused a lull In the local and suburban
real estate market. Nearly all the
business of the week has been In rent
ing, although several transactions were
completed.
Dealers report that the inquiries of
non-resident prospective purchasers as
to the prices and location of Inside
business and residence properties con
tinue, and confidence Is expressed that
with the coming of good weather will
come an increase of sales.
The new Union Bank building will be
completed and ready for occupancy on
March L Already more than half the
offices on the upper floors have been
leased. Nearly all the lessees of these
offices are professional men from other
cities.
William J. Laymanoe of tha Lay
mance Real Estate Company has just
received a contract for the sale of a
large business block on Washington
street. He reports an increase in the
inquiry for Oakland property.
SYNDICATE BUST.
The Realty Syndicate has opened up
several large tracts in the Piedmont
and North Oakland districts since the
first of the year, and is offering choice
residence and villa sites, which are lo
cated close to the lines of the Oakland
Traction Company and the Kay Route
ferry system. Following are some of
the sales of residence property made by
the Syndicate last week:
To Rev. C. R. Brown, Oakland, corner Blair
and Bonlta avenues, 60x155. Central Piedmont
Tract; to George Vincent, San Francisco, corner
Hillside and Oakland avenues, 60x1f12, Central
Piedmont Tract; to R. A. Reardon. Ban Fran
cisco, Hillside avenue, near Park way, 52:6 x
117. Central Piedmont Tract; to F. I* Holland,
Ean Francisco, oorner Vernal avenue and Park
way, 95x140, Central Piedmont Tract; to Wil
lard Morse, San Francisco, on Erraeoena ave
nue. 50x153, Central Piedmont Tract; to E. K.
Plggerstaff, San Francisco, Terrace street, 40x
100. Highland Terrace; to ML F. Colllster, Oak
land. Lake avenue, 40x140, Sat her Tract,
Holcomb, Breed & Bancroft are offer
ing choice improved and unimproved
property In all parts of the city. They
are receiving dally inquiries as to
prices of business and residence prop
erty from people in other parts of the
country who are anxious to locate per
manently in Oakland.
Taylor Bros. & Co. have experienced
a quiet season during the rainy
weather. Thoy are receiving many re
quests for Information concerning
Oakland property, and express satis
faction at the present outlook for an
active summer market.
Krelss & Horswni, a recently organ
ized firm, have established a good busi
ness and are handling some excellent
property.
J. H. Macdonald & Co. have Just
opened the Frost tract. This has been
subdivided into building lots, the street
and sewer work are completed and It
is within easy distance of a car Una
Francis Ferrler of Berkeley has been
appointed the general agent of the
Northlands Development Company,
which has Just opened up a large tract
in North Berkeley. It is only five
minutes' walk from North Berkeley
station and affords a splendid view of
the hills and the bay.
.W. C. Moran of Berkeley reports a
Siiet week, but says the demand for
erkeley property ,1a increasing.
BLOCK SALES.
A. R. Denke of Alameda has recently
made a contract for the sale of five
blocks of residence property on Pacific
and Central Avenues, between Fourth
and Tenth streets. The Alameda elec
tric cars run directly through the tract,
Charles F. Lee of Fruitvale has Just
opened up the Rosa Lee tract, and al
ready a large number of lots have been
sold.
Henry Barkmeyer of Fruitvale is of
fering a large number of residence
lots in one of the best sections of Fruit
vale. The street work nas all been
done and the section is only two blocks
from the school and car line.
Raymond T. Baker, formerly Deputy
County Clerk of Alameda County, has
recently accepted a position with the
Realty Syndicate. Mr. Baker will be
connected with the real estate depart
ment.
One of the most important of the re
cent large sales of property was the
purchase by David S. Edwards, from
Timothy L. and Mary S. Barker, of a
large tract of land known as the Bar
ker tract In Fruitvale.
The Piedmont District Improvement
Club held the first of a series of enter
tainments In Oak Chapel. Dr. A R.
Tait presided, and the programme in
cluded songs by Miss Strawley, violin
solo by Miss Stessenbenz, and a reci
tation by Miss Gladys Adams.
Captain A. Goodrich of Oakland has
recently sold two lots In Point Rich
mond to C. M. Arnold of that place.
HOO HOO ORDER TO HOLD
GRAND "CONCATENATION"
lumbermen's Fraternal Organization
Will Initiate Twenty-Five Can
didates Next Saturday.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22.—The Concat
enated Order of Hoo Hoo, the lum
bermen's fraternal organization, will
hold a "concatenation" next Saturday
evening at Pythian Hall. Twenty-five
candidates will receive the honors of
initiation. At the close of the cere
monies a banquet will be held.
The "concatenation" and banquet
are in charge of the following com
mittee: George B. Waddell, chair
man; H. W. Taylor, A. Kendall, W. W.
Hunt, A. J. Patterson, S. C. Farn
ham, Edward F. Niehaus, F. W. Foss
G. L Belcher and Frank W. Trower. *
President of Club to Speak.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22.—Mrs. Etta 8.
Gorham, president of the Vallejo Im
provement Club, will address the
members of the Women's Civic Im
provement Club at the regular meeting
to-morrow afternoon at 3 p. m. at the
Chabot Observatory. The meeting
will be open to the public, and all
those interested in public improve
ments are Invited to attend.
"I have been much in demand here
lately at cornerstone layings," said the
budding statesman.
"Gee whiz! There's a suggestion,"
work up a corner in cornerstones?"
Philadelphia Press.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY.
*148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1485 Park Street.
CONSUL TELLS
OF MASSACRES
Dr. Norton Says That Fiv<»
Thousand Armenians Were
Slain During the Summer
TOURS THE DISTRICT
Pays a Tribute to the Work
Done by the Americans
in the Affected Region^
WA BHINGTON, Jan. I ft.—The
State Department has made public
portions of an Important report
recently made by Thomas H, Nor
ton. American Consul at Harput, Tur
key, on the results of a tour of in
vestigation made by him, under in
structions from the department,
through the vilayets of Bltlis and Van,
which were the scenes during several
months last summer of repeated at
tacks upon and massacres of Armen
ian Christians by the Kurds and other
elements of the Moslem population.
These disturbances, attended by
frightful atrocities and savage cruelty,
resulted in death, suffering and desti
tution.
The principal object of the visit was
for the better protection of American
Interests there and the timely arrival
of Dr. Norton, it is said, contributed to
a peaceful termination. No Americans
were known to have been injured.
Dr. Norton says Mush is practically
an armed camp, where Armenians are
In constant terror. He estimates In
the Sassun district that 6000 lives
were lost in last summer's massacres,
including 2771 children. Several thou
sand refugees, who fled to Mush, were
forced to return to their ruined vil
lages, where the vilayet authorities
made an allowance of 1 cent per capi
ta for food. The question of the mo
ment, he says, is what is to be done
to save the surviving population of
Sassun, numbering 10,000 or more,
from the results of insufficient protec
tion and Insufficient food.
He speaks of the American schools
and Institutions, and says the mission
aries have much prestige. One salient
fact, says the Consul, is that the
benevolence of the citizens has ac
complished mor© than the efforts, of
other nations combined in advancing
the moral and intellectual welfare of
the Armenians and other classes in
the interior provinces. Tribute Is paid
to the comparatively small group of
American workers. He says the tide
of emigration Is directed almost ex
clusively to America, and that there
is an increasing number of American
citizens who have interests in the dis
turbed regions.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
Citizen*' Building and Loan AseoolatJon to
Lucy Ward (wife of An eon), lot on S line of
Thirty-seventh street, 241.88 E of West, 8 200,
E 17:6 N 200.60, W 27, being W portion of lot
20, block A. map of Major Given Tract, re
corded January 20, 1906, Oakland: $10.
Joseph H. Leonard to Central Bank, lot oa
W line of Magnolia street. 200 N of Thirtieth,
X 29 by W 183:8, portion of lot 10, block O.
lands of Peralta Homestead Association, deed
given as security for advances made or to be
made, Oakland; $10.
Elizabeth MoComb to James and Elisabeth
B. Clay don. lots 18 to 20, bleak B, map of
blocks A, B. C, Vernon Park, Oakland; 110.
J. L. Bromley (sole referee In action of
Alonzo R~ Simmons vs. William F, Row*, ex
ecutor, eta, and et al.) to Alonao R. Simmon*,
lot on S corner of Eleventh avenue and B
Twenty-second street, 8W 100 by 8B 60, block
130, Clinton, East Oakland; alas lot on BE
line of Eleventh avenue, SO NE of East Twen
ty-third street, NE 50 by BE 100. block 142,
Clinton, East Oakland; else lot on BE line of
Eleventh avenue 100 NE of East Twenty
fourth street, NE DO by BE ICO. Mock 150,
same. East Oakland; $1000.
C. A. or Cynthia A. Blanchard to Mabel B.
Bwlsler (wife of Charles A.) and Herbert P.
Blanchard, lot on 8W corner of Falrview ave
nue and King street. 8 160:6 by W 120, lots T
and 8, Regent street Homestead Tract, Lortn,
and property out of county, Berkeley; also per
sonal property of every kind or nature where
soever situated; also all real property of every
kind or nature wheresoever situated of first
party or In which first party may have any in
terest; also all Interest In all land every part
of property of estate of George G Blanchard.
deceased, and direct distribution thereof to be
made to them in equal shares, Berkeley; gift.
M. and Eliza E. R men art (wife) to J. 8.
Myers, lot on N line of Thirty-second street,
77:6 W of Chestnut, W 87:6 by N 100 block
676, Boardman's map, Oakland; $10,
J. 8. and Clara Myers (wife) to laoatse F
Gates (single), same, Oakland; $10.
John Cjjranaugh (single) to Jarne* M. Dolan,
lot on N»line of Forty-second (Brie) street.
642.(52 E of Telegraph avenue, E 62.04 N
121.04, W 62, S 119.3 to beginning, lot 11. Ltn
den Homestead, Oakland; $10.
The Realty Syndicate to Eugene K. Bigger
staff, lot 21. block D, map i Highland Terrace
Oakland; $10. '
Henry S. Foot* to Maud* E. Foot*, undivided
two-fifteenths of lot on NE corner of Thir
teenth and Brush streets, N 64 by E 100, Oak
land, quitclaim deed; $1.
Electia L. Heath (widow) to Daniel M.
Heath, lot on E line of Union street, 100 N of
Thirty-second. N 25 by E 133:3. portion lot 2
block . 678. map 2. Watts Tract, Oakland (first
party reserves life estate): $10.
Patrick O'Brien (widower) to John Snlels
and James Hand, lot on SE corner of Weston
avenue or Thirty-eighth and Ruby streets. E 75
by S 100, lot 6. T, 8. Oakland Railroad Home
stead between Telegraph avenue and Broad
way, Oakland; $10.
Agnes Borland (widow) to George Palmer, lot
on w line of Webster street. 196 N of Twenty
eighth, N 2:6 by W 99.05. Portion lot 7, Bor
land property, Oakland; $10.
William M. and Kate F. Starr (wife) to
William H. McOscar, E 15 feet of lot 7 and W
10 feet of lot 8, block A, map University Park
near university, Oakland; $10.
Edward M. Hinch (single) to Niels A. An
dersen, lot 13. block E. University Park near
university, Oakland; $10.
Ardle M. Estabrook iexerutor estate of An
drew H. Hathaway) to E, S. Angel, all inter
est In lots 3 and 4, block B, Gasklll Tract.
Oakland; $630.
Edwin or Edward Stnbbe to Cassie Brown
(single), lot on 8E line of Lewis avenue 265
NE of Prospect street. NE 75 by SE 125", lot
9 and portion lot 8. block 5. map East Oak
land Heights, East Oakland; $10.
Cassie BrowQ (single) to Edward Btubbs
(single), same. East Oakland; $10.
Adelaide D. Dam (widow) to Florence C.
Dam (single), lot on NE line of East Fif
teenth street, 59 NW of Eighth avenue, NW
28 by NE 75, block 71, Clinton. East Oak
land; $10.
The Realty Syndicate to Elizabeth GUsenan
(wife of Thomas), E 105 feet of lots 1 and 2,
all of lots 8 and 4. block 16. McGee Tract,
portion Plat 87. etc., Berkeley: $10.
Calvin and Alice Shaw (single) to Harrow
P. Bancroft, lot 8, block J. map Santa Fe
Tract No. 5. Berkeley; $10.
• Continental Building and Loan Association
to Freeman Cbrtstlanson. lot on W line of Ral
ston street, 100 N of Torrpktns. N 3.'. hy W
120, portion lot 10. blork .V State University
Homestead Association No S. Berkeley; $10.
A. P. and Ellse M. Lor-ntseo to Jacob H.
and Therese Sommer. lot on W line of Sher
man (St. George) street. 135 8 of* Railroad
avenue, 8 40 by W 150 lot 15 and portion lot
14. block 28. Homestead of Mary A, fitch,
etc., Alameda; $10.PILOT-BOAT AND STEAMER
ARE IN COLLISION.
LADY MINE IS NEARLY
. WRECKED BY THE NEKO
Seas Toss the Ships Together
The pilot-boat Lady Mine was in col- |
llsion with the Kosmos liner Neko just
outside the Golden Gate yesterday
morning and came nearly being sent to
the "bottom of the ocean.
The Neko. in command of Captain H.
Rlckman, was proceeding out to sea in
■charge of Pilot John Wallace Jr. She
had just arrived off the south bank
buoy when Pilot Wallace signaled to
Captain William Kelly, in command of
the Lady Mine, to cqfie alongside and
take him off.
The wind was blowing fresh from the
south and a nasty, choppy, high sea
was running. A yawl was sent from
"the Lady Mine to the Neko for Captain
Wallace, and he was just about to
board the Lady Mine when a sudden
. squall and a great mass of surging
waters drove the pilot-boat and steam
ship together. The Neko was lifted
■high by a mighty wave and her stern
driven far out of water. As It came
down it struck the little Lady Mine;
with a terrific crash. Had the pilot- ■
boat not floated clear of the big steam- ;
ship at that very instant she would •
certainly have been smashed to pieces. |
The Neko struck the Lady Mine full (
amidships and caught the main boom ,
of the pilot-boat, carrying It completely j
away, and smashed twenty of the i
stanchions. At this instant another j
great wave drove the two vessels apart
as suddenly as its predecessor had
breught them together.
In the midst of the turmeil and con
fusion Captain Wallace made a flying
leap from the little yawl for the deck |
■of the pilot-boat. He was caught in the •
billows and thrown square on the deck
of the Lady Mine. He miraculously es
• caped without injury.
• The damage to the pilot-boat will
amount to about JIOOO. The Lady Mine
• puf about and came back to port, while
•the Neko proceeded on her way to
southern ports en route to Hamburg.
Nearly Drifts on Alcatraz.
The French bark Boesuet, Inward bound,
came near being dashed to pieces on Alcatras
Island lata Saturday night. She crossed In
.through the Golden Gate shortly after 10
' o'clock, and when about off Melggs wharf
..dropped her starboard anchor. A strong flood
' tide was running at the time and the anchor,
'with. Its eighty fathoms of chain, was tern
clean away from the keelson.
Captain Ancelln then ordered the port anchor
let go. This shared the fate of the first one.
like it being torn with its chain away from
the keelson and dropped to the bottom of the
bay. This left the ship entirely at the meroy
of a brick wind, a swashy sea and a strong
tide. . Pilot "Newt" Jordan, who was bringing
the vessel In, saw at once that the ship was
In a terrible predicament. He ordered all kinds
of signals to be sent up calling for assistance.
. Blue lights, red lights, skyrockets were flred off
In' all directions, but to no avail. No help
. came.
The ship was fast drifting down toward Al
catraz. The night was stormy and dark. All
bands were piped on deck, and after a hurried
discussion between captain and pilot It was
decided to set sails and try if possible to beach
her. By the time they got the vessel under steer
age way she had drifted to within fifty feet of
the northern point of Alcatras. By great ex
pertness of maneuvering on the part of captain
and crew they wore her around the north end
of the island, then brought her to and sailed
her out Into the channel through the straits be
tween Alcatras and Angel Islands.
The bark was then headed direct for the mud
• flats Just west of Berkeley and was beached
there. Here she remained upright until noon
yesterday, when the tugs Sea Witch and Sea
Prince hauled her off with little effort. She
was towed over to the seawall, where she now
•lies. Captain Ancelln says the Bossuet has
f-uffercd no damage of any kind. She Is 63
. says from Newcastle, Australia, and brings
. tons of coal consigned to J. &A. Brown.
Busy Unloading Manchuria.
A big gang of stevedores was busy all day
yesterday discharging the cargo of the Man
' churia, so that she may load and be ready to
sail on Saturday for the Orient.
Sheridan to Sail Wednesday.
Trie transport Sheridan will sail on Wednes
day for Manila. She Is to take her complement
of first-class passengers and a full cargo of
supplies.
Sonoma Due To-Day.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's steamship
Sonoma Is due to-day from Sydney, via Auck
land and Honolulu.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
• • ARRIVED.
Sunday, January 22.
81 mr Eureka, Jessen 40 hours from Eureka.
Btmr Aberdeen, Hansen, 88 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Alcatraz. Anderson, 46 houra from San
- Pedro. _ .
Stmr Redondo, Ahlln, 78 hours from Port
land, via Astoria ttß hours.
Stmr Jaa S Higglns, Hlgglns. 29 hours from
Fort Bragg. ,
Fr bark Bossuet. Ancelln. 63 days from
'Newcastle, Aus.
SAILED.
Sunday, January 22.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nicolson. San Pedro.
Ktmr Maggie. Whitney. Halfmoon Bay.
Ger stmr Neko, Rick man. Hamburg.
Stmr Queen, Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Jeanie, Bartlett, Seattle. /
Stmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria.
Bktn Encore. Palnigren. Wiliapa Harbor.
Schr Wm Olsen, Rorvik. ISellingham.
Schr Eric. Jorgensen. .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 22. 10 p m—Weather
foggy; wind SE; velocity 16 miles per hour
RETURNED.
Sunday, January 22.
Stmr Maggie, hence this a m for Halfmoon
Bay, returned on account of strong SB winds
and rough sea,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH —Passed out Jan 22—Ger bark
Barmbek, for Liverpool.
Passed in Jan 22—Stmr Santa Rosa, hence
Jan 20 for Victoria.
COOS BAY—Arrived Jan 22—Stmr Break
water, hence Jan 20.
. Sailed Jan 22—Stmr Czarina, for San Fran
cls'co. „
MONTEREY—SaiIed Jan 22—Sclir Mon
• terey in tow of tug Dauntless, for Tacoma.
ASTORIA—SaiIed Jan 22—Stmr F A Kll
■ burn, for San Francisco, via Coos Bay and
Eureka.
BAN DON —Arrived Jan 22—Schr Advance,
hence Jan 19.
PORT TOWNSEND —Passed In Jan 22—
Stmr Shawmut, from China.
Sailed Jan 22—Schr Wm Bowden. for Mol-
I'-'neb. „„ „
PORT HARFORD—SaiIed Jan 22—Barge
Kama Paula. In tow of tug Liberty, for San
•Francisco. . _
SANTA BARBARA—SaiIed Jan 22—Stmr
fctate of California for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU—Arrived Jan 22—Br ship Lln
.disfarne. from Hamburg.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK —Arrived Jan 22—Stmr Chem
nitz, from Bremen; stmr St Louis, from
Southampton and Cherbourg.
NAPLES—Arrived Jan 22—Stmr Canoplc,
from Boston, via Ponta del Gada and Genoa,
' for Alexandria, and proceeded.
GLASGOW—SaiIed Jan 21—Stmr Ethiopian,
for New York, via Moville. and sailed from
the latter port on Jan 22.
DOVER—Sailed Jan 22—Stmr Patricia, from
Hamburg for New York, via Boulogne.
QUEENSTOWN —Sailed Jan 22—Stmr Etru
ria. from Liverpool, for New York.
LONDON—Arrived Jan 22—Stmr Telleme
chius. from Victoria. B C. via Yokohama,
Hongkong, etc, for Amsterdam and Antwerp.
Memoranda.
Per bark Boseuet —Had succession of SB
and S gales for last 11 days.
ASTOBIA, Jan 22-Stmr Oe© W Elder
struck rock In Columbia River, 40 miles be
low Portland, midnight last night; was
beached; now resting easily; passengers re
turned to Portland; steamer can be raised at
■mall cxpeiu.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 22—6 p. m.
fhe following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with these of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka O.ftS 19.07 23.35
Red Bluff 1.20 19.90 13.62
Sacramento v 0.22 11.82 3.13
San Francisco X 0.17 13.30 7.10
Fresno Tr. 6.97 1.47
Independence 0.00 0.97 0.42
San Luis Obispo 0.00 8.06 1 .:M)
Los Angeles 0.02 6.10 0.57
San Diego 0.06 4.73 0.46
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS.
5
5
2 2 ~
£5 SI *3
ml i 1
C C
3 3
on
to
I
1
►5
o
Baker 30.08 38 30 NW Cloudy .08
Carson 30.10 50 38 SW Rain .12
Eureka 29.96 00 50 8 Rain .68
Fresno 30.20 66 50 SE Pt.Cldy Tr.
S.E. Farallon.30.12 56 55 S Rain .40
Flagstaff 30.14 44 16 SW Clear .00
Pocatello 30.14 40. 2S SE Cloudy .04
Independence .30.18 58, 34 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angeles. .30.20 6? 48 N Clear .02
Mt Tamalpais.30.13 48 44 S Rain .67
North Head.. .29.82 50 42 8 Cloudy .52
Phoenix 30.16 68 44 W Clear .00
Pt Reyes Lt..30.07 54 53 S Rain .*5
Portland 29.88 r>6 40 E Cloudy .24
Red Bluff 30.02 62 48 SE Rain 1.20
Roseburg 29.88 58 42 SE Rain .07
Sacramento ..30.18 56 48 SE Rain .22
Salt Lake 30.16 44 SE Rain .02
San Francisco.30.20 56 52 S Rain .16
San L. Oblspo.30.24 66 44 N Clear .00
San Diego 30.1C 64 52 NW Clear .06
Seattle 29.88 46 32 SE Rain .22
Spokane 30.06 86 26 N Rain .16
Tatoosh 29.76 46 42 E Rain .13
Walla Walla..30.04 34 30 S Cloudy .14
Wlnnemucca .30.16 48 32 SW Rain .04
Tuma ...80.14 72 48 NE Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm remains central off the Washing
ton coast and has caused rain from San Diego
northward. High southerly winds are reported
off the Golden Gate and from the Washington
coast. Southeast storm warnings are displayed
at Point Reyes.
The rain has been heavy in the upper Sacra
mento Valley and the rivers are rising rapidly
from Marysvllle northward.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. January 23:
California north of Tehachapl—Cloudy Mon
day, with showers; brisk southerly wind.
. California south of Tehachapl—Partly cloudy
Monday, light west wind.
Nevada—Showers Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Showers Monday;
brisk southerly wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity—Partly cloudy
Monday; light west wind.
Sacramento and vicinity—Showers Monday.
Fresno and vicinity—Cloudy; probably show
ers Monday.
O. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
■L. JU
+ ' f
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Aurelia Portland A Astoria 'jan. 23
Norwood Seattle Jan. 23
Homer Grays Harbor [Jan. 23
G. Dlndauer... Grays Harbor 'Jan. 23
Sequoia Willapa Harbor Jan. 23
Edith Nanalmo I Jan. 23
Arctic ..[Humboldt Jan. 23
W. Kruger San Pedro Jin. 25
Centennial.... Seattle * Tacoma Jan. 23
Titanla I Oyster Harbor Jan. 23
Nevadan Seattle Jan. 23
Sonoma , Sydney A Way Ports Jan. 23
Santa Cruz San Pedro A Way Pts. Jan. 23
State of Cal.. • San Diego A Way Pts. Jan. 23
gan Pedro San Pedro Jan. 23
8. Barbara 'Grays Harbor Jan. 23
Porno Point.Arena & Albion.. Jan. 24
Northland Portland A Astoria Jan. 24
Corona Humboldt Jan. 2*
Elizabeth ! Coqullle River Jan. 24
F. Kllburn.... 1 Portland A: Way Porta. Jan. 25
Breakwater.. ' Coos Bay Jan. 25
G. Dollar ' Seattle Jan. 23
Chas. Nelson.. Humboldt Jan. 26
Eureka i Humboldt «. Jan. 26
Areata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.'jan. 26
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports |Jan. 26
Queen San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 26
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena.!Jan. 26
Coronado San Pedro Jan. 27
Chehalis San Pedro Jan. 27
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 27
San Juan New York via Ancon.. Jan. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Jan. 27
Rainier Seattle & Belllngham. . Jan. 27
Coos Bay Newport A Way Ports. Jan. 27
Mariposa Tahiti Jan. 28
Amasis Seattle Jan. 28
Columbia j Portland A Astoria IJan. 20
8. Monica Grays Harbor (Jan. 29
Centralia Grays Harbor IJan. 30
Nebraskan... Honolulu A Kahulul.. I.Ian. 30
Senator I Puget Sound Ports IJan. 31
Aurella I Portland A Astoria IFeb. I
TO SAIL.
January 23. I I
Montara Seattle & Everett..! 2 pm|Pler 9
W Kruger. Gravs Harbor 110 am|Pler 2
Pomona I Humboldt |l:30p|Pler 9
San Pedro.. I Humboldt ) 1 pmlPler 2
Eureka Humboldt 112 m|Pler 13
S Barbara.. Lou Angeles Ports.! 1 pmlPler 2
January 24. I
Cascade.... | Astoria & Portland 1 4 pmlPler 2
I January 25. t I
Redondo ! Porilan.i & Way..! 5 pm'Pler 2
Arctic Humboldt I 9 am|Pier 2
Pity Puebla. Puget Sound Portsill nm Pier 9
Homer Grays Harbor ipur —
Elizabeth... Coquille River 1 5 pm|Pi»r 20
January 26. I |
G TJndauer Grays Harbor I 6 pm|Pler 2
Corona Humboldt |1:30 plPler M
Nevadan Hrno. & Kahului..! :t pmlPier 2'i
Sequoia Willapa Harbor ...112 injPier 20
g Cruz I San Pedro & Way. 9 nm|Picr 11
«tate of Cal.l San Diego & Way.] 9 amPier 11
p 0 mo Pt. Arena & Albion! C pm;Pier 2
I January 27. I I
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pmjPier 1»
Chehalis Grays Harbor 3 pnvPfer 2
Breakwater. 1 Coos Bay direct.... B pm Pier S
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmlPler 20
January 28. I
Norwood... ! Seattle direct 4 pm|Pler 2
Point Arena I Point Ar<>r.a I 4 pmlPler 2
Areata Coos B. * Pt. Orfd|l2 mlPier U
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor I jPier 2
Manchuria. . China & Japan 1 1 pm|Pler 4)
Peru N Y via Aneon..|12 mlPier tO
F. Kilburn.. Portland & Way.. | 4 pmlPler 27
January 30. i I
C. Nelson...i Humboldt r 9 am|Pier 20
Umatilla.Puget Sound Ports.IllamjPler 9
r January 31. I
Rainier I Seattle & Bllnghml 4 pmlPler 10
Pier
FROM BEATTLE.
Santa Clara...
Jefferson
Ramona
Dolphin
Karallon
8teamer.
Valdez A 8eward
Skagway & Way Ports.
Skagway & Way Ports.
Skairway A Way Ports.
Skagway & Way Ports.!
Sails.
Jan. 24
Jan. 24
Jan. 24
Jan. 3D
Jan. 31
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Cdast and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 21
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY. JANUARY 23. ~~
Run rises 7:20
Sun sets 5:24
Moon rises 8:22 p. m.
© Time! |Ttme| Tlmel Time
5. Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft
* H W |L W| H W L W
■ — -
23 1:33
24 2:13
26 2:54
25 2:54
26 3:38
27 4:25 ,
28 5:15
28 I 6:10|
7:
S:
8:1
ft:
6:37 2.4 12:301 6.6 7:13
7:32 2.3 1:28l 5.2 7:56
8:35 2.1 2:32 4.7 8:45
8:36 2.1 2:82 4.7 8:45
0:43 1.8 3:46 4.8 9:40
0:47 1.6 5:05 4.1 10:40
2:00 1.2 H:41l 3.9 11:41
1:08| 0.71 8:071 3.9|
0.7
1.4
1.9
2.4
NOTE—In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given. In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1905.
GAME LAWS
TROUBLESOME
Strife Expected When the
Legislators Seek to Control
the Man Behind the Gun ;
NEEDS OF BAKERSFIELI)|
• -
Senator Emmons Declaresl
the Kern County City Is in I
Urave Danger From Floods
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 22.—The dis
tricting of the State will be the main
feature of game legislation this year.
It is probable that whatever bill Is j
passed will provide for the forming of
two districts, with the Tehachapl range
as the dividing line. The main reason
for the contemplated division is a de
sire on the part of the people of South
ern California to prohibit the killing of
deer in their section for a period of at
least five years. The 'northern sports
men would oppose such a radical step, '
and division is looked upon as the only
means of securing satisfactory legisla
tion regarding the deer In both ends of
the State.
The biggest wrangle to be produced
by game legislation will come over an
attempt that is to be made to stop the
sale of ducks altogether, the same as
the sale of quail has been stopped—that
is, as far as it can be by legislation.
Epicures, dealers and restaurant men
allowed the quail to be taken out of
reach of all but those who went forth
and shot them, but the duck is not go
ing to be eliminated with the same
ease. The few months when ducks are
salable is a season of joy to the people
who like their flavor and can afford to
pay for them and of profit to the ca
terer and the market man. They will
all use influence to defeat a measure
taking the duck from the general table,
i Various plans for the licensing of
I hunters by placing a tax on guns are
being considered and legislation will be
attempted In this line, though it does
not look like it would be popular. Many
j people keep a gun about who never kill
I a duck, quail or deer. Among the plans
of license is one to impose upon clti
-1 sens a yearly license fee of $1 and on
aliens a fee of $10 a year.
A bill Introduced by Senator Emmons !
! will be reported upon this week by the
I upper house Committee on Drainage,
1 Swamp and Overflowed Lands, and
! then the members will hear a story of
i a danger that threatens Bakersfield
! that is sure to speed their action on
! the measure. Senator Emmons' bill
provided for the appropriation of $60,000
', for the erection of a system of em
bankments and levees to confine the
Kern River to its channel Just where It
debouches from the mountains above
Bakersfield. i
The Committee on Corporations has a
i bill, introduced by Shortridge, under
; consideration that promises to develop
all kinds of a row on the floor. This
bill If passed will require that every
| firm or corporation formed or organized
| under the laws of any State or country
1 other than California engaged in the
' business of indemnifying employers
and others against loss or damage for
personal Injuries or death to employes
or others shall deposit in the StMe
treasury not less than $100,000 for the ;
protection of policy holders.
GRAND ARMY WOMEN
GREET NEW OFFICERS
Installation in Several Organisations
Are Followed by Presentations
and Pleasing Programmes.
! Lincoln Corps No. 3, Women's Re
lief Corps, Grand Army of the Re
public, has installed the following of- |
fleers: Carrie W. Dibble, president;
Johanna F. Clark, senior vice presl- |
dent; Belle Donnovan, junior vice j
president; Mary E. Ferguson, treas- :
urer; Mary R. Bozio, chaplain; Edith
Eason, conductor; Dora H. Wilklns, j
assistant conductor; Cora A. Fenner, ;
guard; Ida Shaver, assistant guard;
Eila Corbett, Minnie McDermott, Mary
E. Smith and Kate S. Adams, color
bearers; Estelle Hilton, musician; j
Cera L. Green, press correspondent.
The ceremony was followed by an
interesting programme of music and
literary numbers, contributed by
Madame Caro Roma, Estelle Hilton
and Jennie M. Long.
After the installation of Mrs. L. E.
Drew, as president, and the other of
; fleers of James A. Garfield Corps, Mrs.
I Frances Peters, the retiring president, 1
i was presented with a valuable gold
I badge by the corps in recognition of
the able manner in which she had j
conducted the affairs of the corps.
At a public installation in the Red |
Mtn's building of the officers of Seven !
Pines Circle, Ladies of the Grand i
Army, there was a large gathering of j
members and friends. The installing ;
officer was Lily Dunn, D. I. O. The
new offlcers are: Emily T. Russell, i
president; Florence Steinmltz, senior
■ vice president; Christine Leather,
| junior vice president; Lena Scholten, ;
treasurer; Anna S. Phillips, secretary; |
IL. S. Thomas, chaplain; Louisa Ball,
| conductor; Pauline Sehaffery, assistant
conductor; Lola . Green, guard; M.
Stevens, assistant guard.
A handsome gold badge was pre-
I sented by Department Secretary Ella
Smedley on behalf of the circle to
Henrietta How, the retiring president.
! Myrtle Morgan, Harry Abbott, the '
MtFses Farrady. Angelina J. Budd and
i Mrs. M. Williams entertained the au-'
dience with musical selections and
[ recitations and later there was dancing
| for an hour.
~e~
ELDER AND ODD SHIP.
STRIKES A ROCK AND SINKS
IN COLUMBIA RIVER.
Passengers of George W. Efder Saved From Waterg Grave
STEAMSHIP THAT, AFTER BUFFETING THE WAVES OF THE BROAD PACIFIC BE TW KEN SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH
ERN PORTS FOR NEARLY THIRTY YEARS. .MKT WITH DISASTER YESTERDAY IN THE COLUMBIA RIVER SHORTLY
AFTER STARTING ON VOYAGE TO SAN FRANCISCO. A
BARLEY GROWS
IN HER THROAT
Young Woman of San Diego
Apparently Suffering From
Tonsilitis Given a Surprise
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 21—Miss Martha
Marquardt, aged 18 years, daughter of
Hans Marquardt, a merhant, suffered
last week with' what she believed to
be tonsilitis. She bore it for a while,
then as it seemed to grow worse went
to Dr. J. C. Hearne.
ajr. 'Hearne made an examination and
to his surprise he saw growing in the
back part of the girl's throat a pale
little shoot about three-quarters of an
Inch In length and curled back upon
itself. He inserted forceps and with
out difficulty dislodgTS*4 from a pocket
in the tonsils a small barley seed which
had sprouted there.
SCOTTISH RITE MASONS
INSTALL NEW OFFICERS
Dramatic Degree of Rose Croix to Be
Conferred on Class of Forty
In the Temple.
The following have been installed by
Joseph D. Abrams, the retiring vener
able master, as officem of San Fran
cisco Consistory No. 1, Ancient and
Accepted Scottish Rite Masons, the
oldest on the Pacific Coast, which was
made a particular consistory when the
Grand Consistory went out of existence
years ago: Henry Ascrpft, Thirty-third
Degree, venerable master of the
Kadosh; William P. Filmer, K. C. C.
H., prior of the Kadosh: George
Varcoe, K. C. C. H., preceptor of the
Kadosh; Joseph D. Abrams, K. C. C.
H. (P. V. M.), chancellor; Henry I.
Kowalskl, Thirty-second Degree, min
ister of state; Henry Burner, Thirty
third Degree, registrar; Samuel W.
Levy, Thirty-third Degree, treasurer;
Gtorge G. Gauld, Thirty-second De
gree, marshal of ceremonies*' Robert
E. Allen, Thirty-second Degree, pri
mate; George Filmer, Thirty-second
Dfgree, expert; Andrew M. Armer,
Thirty-second Degree, assistant expert;
Melville S. Levy, Thirty-second De
gree, master of the guard; A. B.
Scalmanini, Thirty-second Degree,
standard-bearer;' John d'Arcy, Thlrty
stcond Degree, tyler.
' This consistory has a membership of
nearly 600, the largest numerically in
the Western States. It owns the prop
erty on the north side of Post street,
formerly occupied by the Improved
Order of Red Men, upon which it will
in time erect a magnificent Masonic
Cathedral.
San Francisco. Chapter, Knights
Rose Croix, A. and A. S. R. M., com
menced conferring the degrees of the
Rose Croix in the Masonic Temple,
when the Fifteenth or Knight of the
East or Sword Degree was conferred
on a class of forty ellgibles. The prin
cipal parts of this very dramatic de
gree were exemplified by Wise Master
Francis V. Keesllng and Louis Nelson
of Gethsemene Chapter, R. C, of Oak
land. The officers participating were
about equally divided from the San
Francisco and Oakland bodies. The
Eighteenth or Knight of the Rose
Croix H. R; D. M. Degree will be con
ferred in the Commandery Hall of the
Temple on February 2 in full form.
PORTLAND, Jan. 22 — The steamship
George W. Elder, which left Portland
last night for San Francisco, struck a
rock in the Columbia River near Goble,
forty miles from here, about midnight
and stove a hole in her port side a
short distance forward of amidships,
and she sank in about fifteen feet of
water.
The accident was caused by the rud-
I der becoming fouled by a snag. While
[in this helpless condition and before
j she could be stopped she left the chan
; nel and piled upon a jagged rock which
i lies near the bank of the river.
The river steamer Hassalo, which left
this city for Astoria about the same
I time as the Elder, went to the assist
i ance of the steamship and brought her
' passengers back to this city.
L A force of longshoremen was sent im
; mediately to the disabled vessel for the
i purpose of unloading her, which will
j consume -about two days. The Elder
i will be brought to this city and dry
j docked, when the full extent of the
damage will be made known.
CARMEN AND EMPLOYERS
CONSIDER NEW AGREEMENT
Prospect That Existing Contract Will
Be Readoptcd With a Few
Minor Changes.
Several meetings have been held
during the last week between dele
gates from the Carmen's Union and
the managers of the United Railroads,
with a view to renewing the agree
ment now in force. From the Car
men's .Union were President Richard
Cornelius, G. W. Lane, Frank Whit
ney, William McMann and William
McCarthy. The railroad representa
tives were: President Holland, Sec
retary Wilcutt and Superintendent
Hibbs.
During the meetings no objection
was raised to the present agreement
except in minor details. The carmen
wished better arrangements on sched
ule time and lay offs. These points
were : discussed by both sides and they
will be presented to the carmen at the
regular meeting, to-morrow night.
Should they be favorably acted on it
is exacted that a renewal of the old
conditions will be signed with these
innovations inserted. But in any case
there is no anticipation of any trou
ble, between the company and Its men
when the present agreement expires
next May. When signed, the agree
ment will be for two years.
DIES AT THE DINNER TABLE.—Jean
Gasscm, a laundryman, while eating his dinner
at his home. 43 Duboce avenue, yesterday
complained of a severe pain at his heart. He
gave a groan and expired. Death was caused
by heart disease. Gasson was married ami
about 34 years of age.
COOK BOOKS FOR CULL READERS
Cut this out and mail to this office with your remittance
of 50 cents to pay cost of book, and if you are a mail subscriber
25 cents additional to prepay expressage. .
NAME
ADDRESS ......
The Call's Twentieth Century Cook Book is the best
cook book on the market. Only Call readers are entitled to
this premium rate.
CROKER DIES
FROM INJURIES
Lingers Only Over Night as
a Hesult of Automobile
Accident at Ormond, Fia.
♦in urn .
ORMOND, Fla., Jan. 22.—Frank H.
Croker, who was thrown from his au
tomobile yesterday, died shortly after 6
o'clock this morning. It was evidently
from the effects of the tremendous
shock that he died. When he was
placed in position t tor examination by
the surgeons he asked the nature of
his injuries. He was told that they
consisted of a sprained knee and elbow.
He then asked about his mechanic.
Rolen, and was told that he was more
seriously, hurt.
The young man was then put under
the influence df ether by the surgeons
and the broken and splintered bones
in the leg and arm were set, his broken
ribs were bandaged and a bad scalp
wound was dressed.
After the operation the patient
seemed; to be resting well, but was In a
semi-conscious state. After midnight
he. became entirely unconscious and re
mained so until death.
Experts estimate that young Croker
was driving his machine at a speed of
a mile in forty seconds. They say that
no machine ever built could stand the
strain of a sharp turn while Koine at
that speed.
Stanley, on the motor cycle, was di
rectly in the course of the racer, and
to Croker--it must have appeared al
most certain death to attempt to make
the sharp turn to get out of the way
of the small'machine ahead of him.
Croker's mechanic, Rolen, was in
stantly killed. One side of his head was
crushed. ..Stanley was taken to St. Au
gustine this morning, where he will re
ceive further attention at the railway
hospital.
The fatal accident, coming almost at
the opening of the annual tournament,
has cast-a gloom over the racers leath
ered here, and those who drive their
own machines in the races will insist
upon the adoption and enforcement of
rigid rules to . Insure them against
every accident..
Mrs. Richard Croker. mother of the
young man, and his sister arrived from
Jacksonville to-day.
GOES TO JAPAN
AS AN OBSERVER
Surgeon W. C, Braisted Will
Study Oriental Methods
for Handling the Wounded
LEAVES ON MANCHURIA
Is Assigned to Special Duty
in the Far East by the
Surgeon General of Navy
Lieutenant Commander W. C. Braist
ed, surgeon in the United States navy,
is at the St. Francis Hotel awaiting the
departure of the steamship Manchuria
for Japan, whither he is going under
instructions from Washington as a spe
cial observer for the Navy Department.
Although he declined to discuss his
mission last night, it was learned that
Surgeon Braisted will watch the opera
tions of the Japanese naval forces, to
which he expects to be assigned, and
will make a careful inspection of the
hospitals and note the success of all
modern appliances used by the Japa
nese in rendering their hospitals sani
tary.
The officer will go direct to Tokio
and will there begin his visit to the
larger hospitals. Later he expects to
be assigned to some of the war vessels
and hospital ships for the purpose of
permitting him to look into the tran>
portation of wounded at sea, a study
which few surgeons have had an op
portunity to enjoy in the present war
and which, as a matter of fact, is some
thing new to the world.
Eventually the officer expects to get
near the Japanese firing line to exam
ine men who have been wounded by
the modern guns, and will follow the
wounded to the rear with a view to
comparing the methods of the Japa
nese hospital corps with those of this
country. The result of his observations
will be incorporated in a report to the
surgeon general of the navy. Com
mander Braisted is an experienced
naval surgeon. He was formerly at
tached to the New York hospital and
some time ago was assigned to duty on
this coast to supervise the fitting out
of the Relief. He has since been at
tached to the battleship Ohio. His mis
sion in Japan is expected to extend
over a period of six months, if not
longer.
KILLS HIMSELF BECAUSE
GIRL HE LOVES WEDS
Rejected Suitor Commits Suicide on
Day Young Woman Becomes
Dride of Another.
SPOKANE. Jan. 22.— R. L. Hardin,
a rejected suitor for a young lady's
hand, killed himself on her wedding
! day at his cabin southwest of Orin.
; Wash. He used a rifle, wounding nim
■ self twice before firing the fatal shot.
i Hardin told one of his friends that if
1 the young lady in question should
I marry any other man there would be
j nothing for him to live for. On the
i day of her wedding Hardin was last
; seen alive. He left a note saying he
■ could not live without the girl.
i - ~
ADVERT ISEM
N.W.Halsey&Co.
BANKERS
Ntw York. San Francisco. Chicago.
We are ©leased to announce that we
have extended onr facilities for serv
ing our friends and the public gener
ally by establishing an office In San
Francisco, at the corner of California
and Sansome streets, where we will
be represented by MR. CYRUS
PEIRCE. for many years successfully
enaraared in the business of investment
banking in Philadelphia.
With nearly twenty years' active
experience in the purchase and sale
of high-grade Railroad, Government.
Municipal and Corporation Bonds, am
ple capital, affiliations with some of
the largest Eastern financial Institu
tions, and an Intimate knowledge of
the entire Western portion of the
country, we are In a position to pur
chase outright entire issues of sea
soned bonds and to supply Investment
needs of financial Institutions and
private Investors.
We shall ensrasre in a general bank
ins* business and solicit deposits of
funds awaiting investment, upon
which Interest will be allowed, but
will not receive active accounts.
Correspondence and personal inter
views invited.
Pt W. HALSF V Sl CO.,
California and Sansome Streets.
San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers of company, or
for which It is agent, leave
Piers 9 and 11, San Fran-
For Ketchikan, Wrangel,
Juneau, TTeadwell, Haines.
Skaguay, etc., Alaska—ll a.
rr... Jan. 25, 30, Feb. 4.
Change to this company's
steamers at. Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver, Anacortes, Port
Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Soutn
Belllngham, Belllngham—ll a. m., Jan. 25.
80. Feb. 4. Change at Seattle to this com
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.;
at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:30
p. m., Jan. 23. 29. Feb. 4. Corona, 1:30 p. m.,
Jan. 20. 26, Feb. 1.
For Eos Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Queen, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
1 For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Crux, Mon
terey, Ban Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford (SaS
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., Jan. 22. 30, Feb. 7.
Santa Crux (freight only). !t a. m.. Jan. 2*.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia,
Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each month.
For further Information obtain foldera Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES—4 New Monlirom
ery st. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market st., and Broad
way wharves. Freight Office 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market "!.. San Franclsee.
oCC9lllCSs>Ss>C6e> " " »Vb u?°srO*E*
S.S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Jan. 21, 11 A.M.
8. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney. Thurs., Feb. 2. 1905, 2 P. M.
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Feb. 7; 11 A. M.
U.JPBECIELSkBROj. CO., A*tS.,TlClst(MC}sl3 br
ig, irclifct omca 327 Marat s;„ Pisr h Pacm? \l
COSPAOHIS BENEIULS TBeNSATLAWTIQOI.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE —Paris.
Sailing every Thursday instead of IOM
Saturday, at 10 a.m.. from Pier 42.
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Sec
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
For TJ. S. Wavy Yard and Vallelo.
Strs. General Frisble. Montlcello and Arrow.
9:45 a.m., 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m., 6 p.m., B:3#
p.m.; Sundays 9:45 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 6 p.m.,
830 p.m. Leave Vallejo. 7 a.m., 9 a.m., 12:39
pm 3:15 p.m. <*5:45 p.m. Saturday), 6 p.m.
Sundays 7 a.m.. 9 a.m.. 3:20 p.m., (i p.m. Pier
2 foot Mission st.; phone Main 1508. HATCH
BROS.
56
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECTOBLS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McNAUGHT Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, SAN FRANCISCO
MONDAY JANUARY 23^906
LESS SNAP TO TRADE LAST WEEK.
% ———————
WHILE there were no especially salient features to trade last
week, the week was hardly up to its two predecessors in vim
and snap. True, the volume of business, as indicated by the
bank clearings, was 33.8 per cent above that of the corresponding
week in 1904, and the clearings themselves mounted to the very re
spectable aggregate of $2,825,955,000; but certain conditions, point
ing to another possible lull, appeared. *
The most significant condition in this direction was a visible
preponderance of production over consumption. Of late the tendency
has been just the other way, and the country has been consuming
manufactured products as fast as they were turned out, but several
important branches of industry are now sending in reports of a
different complexion. Prominent among these is the iron and steel
trade, which reports the winter demand less urgent, with foundry
iron and Bessemer pig slightly lower in consequence. Provisions, too,
are meeting with a slow cash demand, and prices have been shaded
all along the line, though the feeling was firmer at the close. As iron
and steel and provisions are considered about the surest and most
prompt indicators of the condition of trade, it is natural to infer
that the general distributive demand of the country is hardly up to
its previous volume. In fact, this condition is flatly reported by
Southern sources, the reason ascribed being the current depression
in the cotton industry, the low price of the product having depressed
all branches of business and retarded collections materially in that
half of the country. This is affirmed by the clearing-house exhibits
of the Southern cities, which almost uniformly showed a loss last
week, while those of the rest of the country showed a general gain.
But the increase in the Northern and Western States more than off
set the decrease in the Southern States, so the 'net result over the
country as a whole was favorable. The failures for the week num- .
bered 335, against 358 for the same week last year.
The great staples are irregular in their returns. The woolen
industry continues in excellent condition. Lumber on the whole is
strong at better prices than ruled last year, but some sections report
dullhess. The sugar market has ruled very strong, and copper has
lately been in brisk demand, with rising prices. Hides are irregular,
and subject to local conditions here and there, but leather rules firm,
with an active demand. The settlement of the protracted labor
strike at Fall River is encouraging, and its effects will doubtless soon
be felt by the great milling interests of New England. The railroad
earnings continue to show an increase over corresponding periods
last year, but the increase is very small. No serious car shortages
are reported, and this- rather points to a diminished distribution of
general merchandise. I
The money market remains as before, tfie supply of funds being
enormous and rates of interest low. The situation in Wall street
is devoid of especial feature, the week having been uneventful in that
sensitive mart. Confidence in the future, however, continues undi
minished, and the general tone of the stock market is steady to firm,
with no particular tendency either up or down at the moment.
The conditions on the Pacific Coast are similar to those in other
parts of the country. Frequent and general rains continue to give
brilliant crop prospects, and the season is still ideal from the farm
er's point of view. Unless some serious climatic deficiency, such as
a dry spring, or hot north winds early in the summer, occurs, we shall
probably harvest large crops of everything this year. This most ex
cellent crop prospect imparts a feeling of buoyancy to the whole
coast, and everybody in trade, manufacturing, farming and financier
ing, is confident of another good year, j§Jt
THE FACTS ANENT YOSEMITE.
THE CALL printed on Friday a communication from William j
H. Mills, one-time member of the Yosemite Valley Commission j
and one of the original promoters of the scheme for a national |
park, in which the mooted question of recession to the Federal Gov- j
ernment of the trusteeship held by California is given an illuminat
ing consideration. The facts stated by Mr. Mills, facts of law which !
suffer no sentimental interpretation, go far to clear up a deal of
popular misconception concerning the projected legislation.
The strong point which our correspondent would impress upon
his readers is that "recession" is used erroneously in connection with
the plan for allowing control of the valley to pass back to Federal '
administration. Yosemite cannot be re-ceded because it is not ours
to re-cede. In the confusion of sentimental argument that has arisen
over the proposed measure the central fact that California did not
receive Yosemite in fee, but was merely invested with a limited trus
teeship, is overlooked. "The right to pay the expense of its (the val
ley's) maintenance as a public recreation ground,* says Mr. Mills,
"was the only thing granted, and so apprehensive was the Govern
ment that even that trust might be abused that a limited lease right;
was attached as an irrevocable covenant."
When we learn definitely that in turning over Yosemite to the
government the State of California is giving up nothing but the ;
right to pay the expenses of its keeping, then the larger question of |
the expediency of the proposed move remains unhampered. Is it i
expedient that the State should continue to exercise control over the
Clefl of the Yosemite when the Fedral Govrnment administers the I
national park surrounding that particular spot? Does the divided!
jurisdiction of the whole tract, coupled with the fact of the State's
inability to make appropriations adequate for the complete exploita
tion of the valley's resources, make for the highest efficiency of the
mountain wonder garden as a public pleasure spot? The majority of i
California's civic bodies and outdoor clubs thinks not.
IT seems that this year is to be a record breaker in the way of na
tional conventions of various sorts to be held in California. It is
arranged that nine great delegated bodies will meet here. The
people of the East have had a taste of the convention weather and
scenery of this State and want more of it. They have also tried
California hospitality and like the brand.
We are not yet furnished with a list of the bodies that will com
bine business with recreation and pleasure here, but it is enough to
know that they are coming to California. That means that they are
composed of people of high intelligence, great good taste and the
best kind of common sense. California does not need to make any
special preparations for these visitors. This State is always swept
and garnished. It has no worst foot and so its best is always put
forward. From the mountain summits to the low water line of the
littoral California is always ready for company, and we can prosper
and do well while working with one hand and playing with the other,
whereas elsewhere both hands are kept busy in a short summer
storing things for a long winter. Nothing hibernates in this State;
even a bear does not suck his paws, but fattens through our almanac
winter on wild honey.
The coming conventions will bring many who will either stay or
come again, as soon as they can dispose of their ice ponds in the East,
and be of us. We need them and they need California for length of
days and life's enjoyment. This State keeps her contract with ail
comers, for her gifts and graces never fade and her glory is always
upon her. In a few years no one will think of holding a national con
vention of any importance elsewhere.
To the long record of cruelty in our treatment of the Indians is to be
added the starvation of the Northern Cheyennes through the ignorance of the
Indian Bureau as to the actual conditions at the reservation. Probably the
Indians should be self-supporting, but as a matter of fact they are not, and
they are without food and clothing. The agent at Rosebud supposed they
were working and prosperous and urged the cutting off of their supplies.
Doubtless it is a great bother to an agent to make a personal investigation
before taking so great a step, but sometimes there seems to be no way for an
official to escape work without causing somebody annoyance or suffering.—
Philadelphia Ledger. .
A CONVENTION YEAR.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1905.
HOW WEATHER
PREDICTIONS
ARE MADE
In the January World's Work there
is a very clear description of the
methods and principles involved in
making the weather forecasts Issued
daily by the United States Govern
ment.
Not the least valuable assistance the
Government renders mariners and
farmers is furnished in its weather
forecasts, four-fifths of which turn out
to be correct Indeed the record of
the Weather Bureau for the past five
years has been that no serious storm
has occurred that has not been pre
dicted sufficiently long - In advance for
all people whose interests are affected
by the weather to take due precau
tions. Daily at 8 o'clock in the morn
ing and at 8 o'clock in the evening by
Eastern time, observers at more than
200 stations in the United States,
Northern Mexico, Southern Canada
and the West Indies telegraph to map
making stations observations on every
detail of the weather, such as tem
perature, .humidity, the kind and the
direction of clouds and so on. At each
of these stations charts made from the
information in the reports are pre
pared for free distribution over the ad-
Joining district. In many places in the
West the weather forecast Is tele
phoned from central telephone sta
tions to all the farmers in the neigh
borhood.
The approximate accuracy of the
forecasts results from the fact that the
Government observers know how the
weather conditions move. Seven
tenths of our storms, for example, be
gin in the northwest, move southeast
and then curve north again over the
Great Lakes and disappear to the east j
down the St. Lawrence Valley, though j
the West India" hurricanes move first i
west and then northeast. The storms ,
are located by low barometic readings !
and by the direction of the winds— j
which whirl about a storm center in
the opposite direction to that of mov- j
ing clock hands, sometimes spinning j
iround a circle a thousand miles In i
iiameter. To the east of the storm 1
blow 1 southerly moist winds which;
bring rain. To the west of the storm !
:ome winds from west or northwest ;
bringing colder weather. So by ex- i
perience the weather observers receiv- i
ing reports of the conditions at storm i
centers can predict from the rapidity j
if the movement from to east j
bow far a storm will advance in twelve '
sr twenty-four hours and what kind of ,
weather will result in every quarter of !
it. Predictions can thus be made two
ar three days In advance. And now |
the Government is building on Mount
Weather, Va., an observatory for >
sveather research. Efforts will be j
made there to establish forecasts of
whole seasons. 1
DOESN'T IT MAKE YOU MAD?
world is queer with all its
Kiiw ways.
jJJjfc^ Jus t when you wish for bright,
clear days
A storm will come—it stays and stays,
And doesn't it make you mad?
And if for rain you'd start to pine.
Your heart on misery would recline,
For ten to one the sun would shine.
Now doesn't It make you mad?
You crack a joke you think untold,
And wait the laughter to behold,
But when some fellow shouts "That's
old,"
Now doesn't it make you mad?
And often when you search for thread,
A stubborn tear you're sure to shed.
You find a piece of cord instead.
STRONGEST BOY IN THE WORLD.
§I|HEYENNE has the strongest boy
jln the world, according to the
Chicago Inter Ocean's correspon
dent. This physical prodisy Is Noah
Young Jr., the son of Noah Young,
State Coal Mine Inspector of Wyoming,
and all who have seen his marvelous
physical development and witnessed his
feats of strength are astounded.
Noah Young Jr. can raise a seventy
flve-pound dumb-bell thirteen times in
one minute and a 100-pound bell four
times in a minute, feats which cannot
be duplicated by any man in the State.
And Noah Young Jr. is but 17 years
The Duke of Connaught has succeed
ed the late Duke of Cambridge as pres
ident of the Strolling Players' Ama
teur Orchestral Society, an Interesting
DON'T BE GRAVE, BE GAY AND DRIVE DULL CARE AWAY.
HE KNEW.
• Jiggs—l can always tell a poet
when I see one
Jaggs—How ?
Jiggs—Because he is entirely differ
ent from the comic pictures of one.
PRESIDENT'S DAUGHTER
WILL JOIN JIU-JITSU
GLASS AT CAPITAL
MISS ALICE ROOSEVELT.—COPY
RIGHT PHOTOGRAPH BY COL
LIER'S WEEKLY.
—> *
OLAR plexus blows, those
crowning achievements of the
pugilist's art, are made to
wear a very crude appearance along
side the tricks that are performed by
a small, suave Japanese gentleman
who stopped over in New York re
cently on his way to Washington.
Professor Yamashita is the name of
this wonderful Oriental, who is to
teach how to break the arm of an op
ponent by a simple twist of the wrist.
If Professor Yamashita's plans car
ry, he will force all married Wash
ington men to study jiu-jitsu, for he is
planning a class which is to include
the wives and daughters of political
notables. He says that Miss Alice
Roosevelt has promised to join the
class. * "**
Professor Tsunejiro Tomito and
Professor Maedas accompany Profes
sor Yamashita. All three came from
Harvard College, where they have
been giving instructions to the stu
dents.
The successful theatrical manager
can thank his lucky stars.
.And doesn't It make you mad?
Tou'll fuss and argue, fume and fight.
To prove that black is sometimes white.
And when the other person's right.
Why, doesn't it make you mad?
A pretty girl! A short respite,
You raise your hat to be polite.
But some one bumps you all his might.
And doesn't it make you mad?
You'll hunt for needles in chagrin,
You'll search the drawers, thick and thin,
But every time you find a pin.
And doesn't it make you mad?
You mold some snow into a ball.
You raise the arm. your aim withal,
But blame it! every time you'll fall,
And doesn't it make you mad?
of age.
He is a modest, unassuming young
man, which accounts for the fact that
his extraordinary ability is not more
widely known.
The boy was born In Glenrock, Wyo.,
and is the son of Noah Young, at that
time foreman oX. the Glenrock coal
mines. The father .is considered the
strongest man in Wyoming, and several
years ago appeared on the stage with
Charles Mitchell of England. The boy,
considered by his father at the time as
the weakling of the family, began
training six years ago, and since then
has taken three complete courses in
London organization, which has ex
isted 22 years aad numbers 100 players.
It lately gave its one hundredth con
cert under the leadership of William
SURE THING.
Knicker—l hear the people next
door to you have a piano.
Bocker—You don't hear it half as
much as I do.
MEN HAVE
MORE REPOSE
THAN WOMEN
Much has been said and.written in
praiße of what is at once the rarest and
most characteristic of worn-
anklnd—the supreme quality of repose.
There are two varieties of repose—
one the simplest inertia which results
from stupidity; the other the product
of perfect balance, the equilibrium that
results from self perfectly controlled.
They are often impossible to distin
guish one from the other, and, because
of this difficulty, a man who admires
the serene type often finds himself
married to a woman whom he thought
personified it. only to discover that she
has the stupid immobility that results
from a mind too small for an' idea to
turn around in.
But even this is probably to be pre
ferred In a life association to the un
balanced nerves that so often mark the
more intellectual woman. For she is
apt to make a very small extra allow
ance of gray matter to apology for
every shortcoming under the sun and
to feel that a smattering of Greek or
Latin atones for the inability to make
a bed or cook a beefstake.
We are all more or less born f o re
pose. There is ribthing more placid un
der the sun than a perfectly healthy,
contented baby. But few of us are in
later life able to retain even a trace
of that serenity, deep and unmoved as
the surface of a woodland pool on a
mid-June afternoon.
There are some stoics who believe
that It is the part of the hero to meet
misfortune with a smile. But this
savors more or less of the theatrical,
and seems rather to be overdoing it.
To greet it calmly with the poise of a
well-balanced character that surveys
at once the extent of the disaster and
the possibilities of remedy, seems the
better part. And this only the quality
of repose will enable us to do.
Men have more repose than women*
Perhaps the superior endowment is not
a natural inheritance, but the result
of business training, and the systematic
forethought of good and evil fortune
(hat It entails.
Women fret and worry continually
where men haven't time to. And worry
is the death knell of repose.
To the beauty culturist pining for
adipose it should be mentioned that in
repose lies the supreme flesh food, and
that she who has taught herself im
munity'from trifling cares may become
a veritable Hebe without the aid of
gymnastics or special diet.
It may be that to be Just naturally
stupid is half the battle. But stupidity
is often the better part of feminine
valor, anyhow, and it yet remains to
be demonstrated that it is not as well
her choicest inheritance.—Nixola Gree
ley Smith, in the New York World.
The distiller may not be supersti
tious, and yet he believes in spirits.
A woman in a car. 'tis true.
Has learned for comfort what to do.
She'll always stand in front of you.
And doesn't it make you mad?
You long to see the show some time.
You rush behind and get in line.
But when you find you're shy a dime,
Now, doesn't it make you mad?
You try to put your shoes on fast,
And just because your time is past.
You'll always get the right one last.
And doesn't it make you mad?
And so this world is but a game.
You play, I play, all play the same,
And if you lose let joy proclaim.
But don't let it make you mad.
—W. de Forest Lappe, in Pittsburg Dis
patch.
physical culture. He is regular in his
hours of sleep, never drinks or uses to
bacco, eschews coffee and tea, and has
spent six hours a day for a period of
six years in perfecting his muscular
development.
To-day the muscles of his arm meas
ure just one-quarter of an Inch less
than those of James J. Jeffries, the
champion heavy weight pugilist of the
world. The boy is also an expert boxer
and peerless bag puncher. He frankly
admits it is his ambition to become
the strongest man in the world, and
to-day performs feats which can be
duplicated by few athletes of the world.
~+
Shakespeare, whose name certainly
comes appropriately at the head of a
body of strolling players.—Springfield
Republican.
VERY TIRESOME. #
Ruyters Kramp—l wrote that Jap
anese dialect story in two weeks.
Eaton Spayce—You beat me. It
took me four weeks to read it. "
THE MOON, MAKING AND MARRIAGE
DOROTHY FENIMORE
fe* Fen mo bet-
enterprising psychologist who
has been studying youthful love
by the up-to-date method of the
questionaire has discovered that 14 per
cent of 340 young men and maids by
their own confession feel a desire to
see their sweethearts whenever they
look upon the moon.
With this evidence before us we need
no longer wonder that the "queen of
heaven," worship of whom Is older
even than that of the sun, was once
Identified with Astarte, who was recog
nized by the Egyptians as goddess of
love and who later ruled in Hellas as
Aphrodite.
It was a bachelor, I believe, who de
clared that maids—and particularly the
summer girl—like the moon because
there is a man In it. On the other
Jiand, men like the moon, it seems, be
cause, as Fontanelle assures us, there
is a woman in it.
Anyway the moon and lovemaking
and marriage have become curiously
mixed up in the popular superstitions
of the Old World, and a few of these
odd beliefs have come Into our own
land and are occasionally celebrated In
the spirit of fun.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
THE ARCHITECTS—O., Alameda,
Cal. Reid Bros, of San Francisco were
architects for the Claus Spreckels
building.
STATES AND CAPITALS—C. C,
Rutherford. Cal. The State of New
York is the most populous in the
Union and the State of Nevada the
least populous. The capital of New
York is Albany, and that of Nevada
is Carson City.
APPRENTICES—Subscriber, City. In
California the indenturing of appren
tices is governed by the Civil Code.
This department has not the space to
give the law in full. The code may be
consulted at the reference room of the
Free Public Library.
MEADOW LAKE—A. O. S., City.
Meadow Lake is in Nevada County,
Californta, 182 miles by rail from San
Francisco and twelve mUtes stage.
There is also a Meadow Lake In Sierra
County, California, distant 209 miles
by rail and thirty-four miles by team.
MAJORITY AND PLURALITY—
A. P., City. If a candidate receives
more votes than the aggregate of the
votes cast for all other candidates for
the same office he is elected by a ma
jority of votes: if he has more votes
than the next highest candidate for
the same office he is elected by a plu
rality of votes.
WITNESS —Subscriber, City. If a
person witnessed the commission of a
crime and was at the time looking
through a window, his testimony
would not be ruled out on the ground
that he was looking through glass
at the time. All the conditions would
have to be presented and it would re
main for the Jury to determine the
value of the testimony, also to deter
mine if the witness' vision was ob
structed by the panes of glass or not.
MUST BE NATURALIZED—A. S.,
Elk, Cal. While it is true that* a
MISSED HIS HELP.
Doctor Pillsbury—l've been away
for a long time.
Waggson—l thought so. *
Dr. Pillsbury—Why?
Waggson—Well, I noticed where
Phantem, the undertaker, had failed.
In an old English chapbook is de
scribed one singular method of divina
tion which is full of moonshine. When
you go to bed in the season of the har
vest moon, it says, place under your
pillow a prayer book open at the part
of the marriage service, which reads,
"With this ring I thee wed"; place on
it a key, a ring, a flower and a sprig of
willow, a small heart cake, a crust of
bread and the following cards: The ten
of clubs, nine of hearts, ace of spades
and the ace of diamonds. Wrap all
these in a thin handkerchief and with
your head upon them say:
"Luna, every woman's friend.
To me thy goodness condescend;
Let me this night in vision see
Emblems of my distiny."
If you dream of storms trouble will
be your lot. If the storm ends in a calm
you may expect your fate to do like
wise. To dream of a ring or the ace of
diamonds signifies marriage. Bread is
the symbol of life; cake,
of a prosDerous life; flowers, of Joy;
willow, of treachery in love. ,
Spades mean death; diamonds,
money; clubs, a foreign land; hearts,
an unfortunate love affair; keys, that
you will rise to great trust and power
and never know want; birds, that you
will have a large family, and geese,
that you will marry more than once.
For myself, I would rather dream on
wedding cake. It is Just as sure a
charm and more satisfactory to the
palate afterward; besides, you don't
have to wait for the harvest moon.
There are other love customs asso
ciated with the moon which are really
pretty. All of them, however, are very
much alike. For instance, among the
Highland Scots and in some parts of
England the women curtsey to the new
moon, saying:
"All hail to .thee, moon, all hail to thee,
I prithee, good moon, declare to me
This night who shall my true love be."
The consensus of opinion appears to
be that the moon affects the hearts of
human beings as inexplicably and as
powerfully as it affects the tide. The
"spotless Dion" leading her "snowy
fawns" abroad has a subtler Influence
upon the destiny of mortals than the
splendid sun, who has the name of be
ing king of earth and sky. Thus, in
Liber Amoris, are their separate office*
distinguished, sings the moon song:
"Sunlight lures, like golden fleece,
Eastward; mine is westward, peace;
His a trumpet, mine a tabor, his for
labor,
Mine for love.**
woman may become a citizen of the
United States by naturalization, the
fact of her naturalization would not
make a citizen of her son if he were
born in a foreign country and the
father had never resided in the United
States, for section 1993 of the Fed
eral statutes says: "All children
heretofore born or hereafter born
out of the limits of the United States
whose fathers were or may be citizens
thereof at the time of their birth are
declared to be citizens of the United.
States; but the rights of citizenship
shall not descend to children whose
fathers never resided in the United
States." Under that section a man who
came to this country and was under
age at the time his mother was nat
uralized could not claim the right to
vote by virtue of parent's naturaliza
tion.
MILITARY SERVICE—B. T. T. C,
City. If a youth of 19 born In Germany
left his native country before he gave
his country the military service he is
required by law to give and came to
the United States and in due time be
came a citizen of that country and de
cided to return to bis native country,
he would be liable to be forced into
the army. The United States would
not Interfere, as the individual owed
the service to his country before he be
came a citizen. By an understanding
between Germany and the United
States, in time of peace, a native of
Germany who escaped military service
and became a citizen of the United
States is permitted to return to his na
tive country as a visitor, where he may
remain four months; should he remain
beyond that time he would be liable to
arrest and made to take his place in
the army.
Townsend's California Olace fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
DIDN'T LOOK WELL.
Mrs. Goetz Dunn—l don't think any
painting looks well in this horrid elec
tric light.
Mrs. Calller Downe—Then why
don't you go into the music room; the
lights are much dimmer there fSUFFRAGE BILL
TO BE BAGGED
Clubwomen Bcent "Practical Politics"
Federation Details Complete
"No suffrage for the women of Cali
fornia this year"—thus runs the "Ud"
from Sacramento. Yes, ladies of the
suffrage clubs, the men of the commit
tee to which your bill was referred are
"perfect gentlemen." They agreed
with every syllable in your resolution.
Long had they yearned for such oppor
tunity to prove to the world their chiv
alry, their sense of justice, their burn
ing desire to serve youl Far be it from
them to oppose one phrase of it, and
thus was there no opening for argu
ment. "Why argue, when the Jury
agrees," said the Solons.
So far, fine! But—the bill is now
scheduled to come before both houses
tree from objection, be put to a vote
—and killed. Yes, ladies, gagged,
bagged and flung over the fence by
unanimous agreement of both houses,
unless your lobbyists "get busy" and
scare some of those fellows into letting
the measure come before the electors.
After all the campaigning that has
. been done In the Interest of suffrage
this year it would be rather an igno
minious defeat to have the resolution
unanimously defeated.
• The performances in Colorado this
year, and in Kansas for many years,
have dealt a heavy blow to equal suf
frage—to such as think with their
ears.
But such an argument is stupid! Are
men denied the privilege of franchise'
because some of their sex are stuffers,
bribers and otherwise unclean?
Then don't use the Colorado argu
ment. Be frank and admit yourself
prejudiced by honest old traditions.
But from the weather signs now fly
ing the word "female" will not be
ptrlcken out for the word "native" in
. the proposed constitutional amend
ment
So, ladles of the Suffrage Club, you'd
better get busy. And don't forget to
Sut on "your list" the fellows who don't
old to their word. But why suggest
such retribution?
Women with "measures" don't
usually harbor evanescent memories.
* * •
Another measure in which club
women all over the State—and the leg
islative committee of the California
Club (Mrs. Lovell White, chairman) in
particular—ls interested is that relating
to the appointment of assistant women
physicians in the State hospitals for the
insane and the Home for Feeble-mind
ed Children.
The existing law provides for the ap
pointment of a woman physician in
hospitals for the insane where the
number of inmates warrants the em
ployment of a fourth assistant physi
cian. This law, passed in 1895, during
Governor Gage's administration, has
resulted in the employment of two
women physicians In the hospitals at
Napa and at Stockton.
Here In their trial positions, these
women have rendered noble service,
understanding the peculiar physical
defects of their charges as few men
can, and treating these conditions in
a'sane and scientific manner—as few
men have done.
The results have been marvelous,
the partial and permanent cures
standing as Irrefutable proof of these
women's services to the wards of the
State and to the State itself.
Besides many of the unpleasant
stories that in the past have embar
rassed these institutions will have dis
appeared, should a woman physician
nave exclusive charge of women pa
tients.
The movement is humane, moral,
philanthropic and economic, and on
•these grounds the proposed amend
ment to the law should pass, espe
cially—please note this, ye lawmak
' ers!—as it carries no appropriation.
And with that bugbear removed,
how could Governor Pardee veto it?
* * *
Federation! Federation! It's about
that charmed word that most of the
powwows are now being held. And
who's going? That is the question.
AH who are should ring up Mrs.
George Law Smith, 2226 Jackson
•street, as soon as their minds are
"made up—and made up for keeps—so
the rate of $15 may be definitely de
cided upon.
As stated in yesterday's issue, there
. must be sixty tickets sold in order
that the half-rate shall prevail. Oth
erwise the rate will be one and a
third.
. .From all indications there's going
.-to be a gay time down south, while
the convention lasts—February 7, 8
and 9.
These folk of the southland never
do things by halves, and they assure
.the visitors some object lessons in hos
. pltallty.
* * |
• 'Tis said that with the usual degree
of Southern California enterprise, a
huge' number of new clubs have
sprung up in anticipation of the ap
proaching convention, which will give
to the southerners a sweeping ma
jority on the floor. One wonders
•whether these clubs are "mushrooms."
The amendments striking "wom
an's" from the official title of the
.State Federation will lead the hosts
together, but If the south stands solid
—and it usually does —'woman's"
goes out. Then, oh, then will the men
of the State rejoice, for the clubs will
swing wide their doors and bid them
enter. And then will t#a, instead of
highballs, become the club beverage.
* * *
The Pacific Coast Press Association
will meet at Century Hall on Monday,
January 23, when the following pro- j
gramme will be given:
Monday, January 23 —Social, 3 p. m.;
"Lights and Shades of the St. Louis
Fair," Mrs. N. H. Martin; music; "The
'■'international Council, Berlin," Mrs.
Mary Wood Swift.
* • •
Irving Club held an interesting after
noon January 19 under the direction of
[Miss Ethel Lieb. Mrs. Elizabeth Wheel
■er from New York giving a lecture
.upon "Industrial Betterment." "The
Sweet of the Year" was rendered by
■ Miss Ada McDonnell, as were Instru
mental selections by the Misses Veroni- !
.c a Miller, L. Underhill and Florence ;
Hassell, who has been studying fei
Paris. The chairman was assisted in
'receiving by Miss E. Burrls, Miss Wln
nifred Leary and Mrs. Elvira Hobbs
• Percy.
It is this plucky little club, guided by
its president, Miss Juliet Greninger.
that has led the legislative movement
: toward the re-establishment of a chair
of music in the University of Califor
nia, and which met with such hearty
approval of Dr. Benjamin Ide Wheeler.
* * *
The evening reception given by the
Laurel Hall Club January 18 at Soro
sis Hall, 1620 California street, was a
delightful success in spite of the rain.
The ladies of the club were privileged
'to invite their men friends. These con
sisted mostly of their husbands and
sons. These showed up bravely within
the weird walls of a "woman's club,"
and seemed to enjoy it.
During the evening the following pro- '
LAURA BRIDE POWERS
gramme was given: Piano solo, Carlo
Gentile; vocal solo, Jacob Brandt; a
one-act comedy, written by the presi
dent of the club, Mrs. E. M. Sexton.
The following is the cast of the "Twen
tieth Century Lady Helps": Miss Rose
mary Flannigan, Mrs. Ira Pierce; Miss
Katrina Lauterback, Miss Mary Wood;
Miss Nannie Johansen, Mrs. W. J.
Grey; Mile. Sarah Bernhardt, Mrs.
Jacob Brandt; would-be-employers—
Mrs. Brown, Mrs. W. B. Morris; Mrs.
Jones, Mrs. W. H. Barrows; Mrs.
Smith, Mrs. J. S. Grey; Mrs. Robinson,
Mrs. Dorr ilia Llbby; Professor Wise
, man, Eugene Fritz; Miss Plunkett,
Mrs. Malcolm Johnson (office keeper).
The programme was closed by the
Young Ladies' Orchestra, with Miss
Rose Brandon as leader, and Miss Mary
Bumsted as accompanist. Much praise
was given the young ladies for their
excellent rendering of such fine classi
cal music. i
• • •
Mrs. Charles Estress Worg enter
tained the Susan B. Anthony Club at
her apartments at the Comora, 621
O'Farrell street, Monday, January 16.
Mrs. Ellen A. Sargent acted as presi
dent pro tern., Mrs. Baldwin being
absent. Dr. Avery, the secretary, re
ceived a vote of thanks from the club
for the efficient manner In which she
performed the duties of her office.
Mrs. Nellie Holbrook Blinn read a
shorj article by W. H. Mills, which
showed him a stanch believer in equal
suffrage. Mrs. Clara Foltz made a
short but effective speech for equal
suffrage, while Miss Gail Laughlin read
two letters, strong in terms of advo
cacy for equal suffrage. One of these
communications came from United
States Senator Francis E. Warner of
Wyoming, and the other from Colo
rado, signed by United States Senator
T. M. Patterson. United States Sena
tor H. M. Teller, Governor Alva
Adams, ex-Governor C. S. Thomas and
ex-United States Congressman James
Belford.
• • •
The Council of Jewish Women held
a famous evening session on Thurs
day, departing from its usual custom
in order that Jack London be heard.
Their rooms in the Temple Emanu-El
were well taxed to hear the lurid ora
tor, whose utterances now seem to be
prophetic. Mrs. Eva Koenig Fried
hcfer rendered the music of the even
ing.
• * *
The California Club's programme on
Tuesday last was a potpourri of
hygiene, science and art, Mrs. Thomas
Nunan, with her exquisite voice, and
Mrs. John R. Gwynn, with her violin,
furnishing the art —which was dis
tinctly a joy.
« Mrs. Nunan's rendition of the aria
from "Aida" is one of the musical
memories of the month. The talk of
the- day was given by Dr. Annie G.
Lyie, on "The Modern Treatment of
Tuberculosis."
As a specialist on the "white
plague" Dr. Lyie is thoroughly
equipped to make an intellectual plea
for a State tubercular hospital—for
which the California Club is working
in forthright fashion.
• • *
The members of the Outdoor Art
League have resolved to observe Car
nation day, January 29, and become
affiliated with the national organiza
tion in Washington, Dt C. This body
is using every endeavor to prepetuate
the memory of the late President Mc-
Kinley's birthday by the wearing of
carnations, his favorite flower. At a
recent meeting of the league a reso
lution was adopted approving the rec
ommendation of Superintendent Lang
don that the yards of some of the city
schools be utilized as public play
grounds for children at stated hours,
when not otherwise in use.
The Mission Pank Association has
forwarded to the league a letter of
thanks for its efforts in helping to get
the improvement of the streets about
the old Mission Dolores.
A letter has been received from Con
gressman Knowland urging -that the
league use its best efforts to aid in
securing favorable consideration for
the Eldridge bill, which provides for
a more general retention of old Span
ish names In the towns and cities in
California.
A special committee of the league is
prosecuting work to secure an appro
priation for the planting of some orna
mental trees close to Fort Baker, a
sightly spot, but at present wholly un
attractive because of lack of foliage.
WIDOW OF ST. HELENA
CAPITALIST CONTESTS WILL
Claims That Husband Executed Docu
ment While Under the Influence
of Several Persons.
NAPA, Jan. 22. —The will of the late
Seneca Ewer, a prominent capitalist
of St. Helena, is being contested by
Mrs. Jessie B. Ewer, widow of the de
ceased. The contest was filed Satur
day.
Seneca Ewer died in St. Helena in
April, 1904, leaving an estate valued
at $60,000. His will devised the home
stead place at St. Helena, valued at
$5000, and a number of shares of stock
to the widow, the remainder of the
estate being left to' three children,
share and share alike. Mrs. Ewer now
: claims that part of the estate was
j community property and that the will
I was executed while her husband was
under the undue Influence of several
persons.
-*»~
RAIN CAUSES NAPA RIVER
TO OVERFLOW ITS BANKS
Heavy Downpour Swells Stream Until
Part of the Town Is
Flooded.
NAPA, Jan. 22.—The heavy rain
i that began falling here Saturday night
| and continued almost Incessantly for
fourteen hours caused all the streams
j about Napa to become greatly swollen.
! The Napa River is over its banks at
First street and part of Chinatown is
under water.
Up to 2 o'clook this afternoon the
precipitation amounted to .60 of an
inch, the total for the season being
17.63 inches.
GIRL OF ELEVEN DIVORCED
FROM MAN OF SIXTY-FIVE
Child In lowa Given a Decree Two
Years After Her
Marriage.
BRIGHTON, lowa, Jan. 22.—Gert- '
rude Trusty Leeper, 11 years old, of j
this village, has Just been granted a
decree of divorce from John Leeper, j
65 years old, to whom she was mar
ried two years ago.
*§br catalogues and general job printing, we
Gabriel, its Sacramento street. Ban Francisco.•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 2?>, 1905.
PLEASURE RULES
HOME AND CLUB
DA/ICES. CARDS, DINNERS LEAD
No Diminution of Weidlng Announcement
Scenes of activity mark the social
world, home and club rivaling* for the
ascendancy. Quietude, as a reaction
ary effect of the yuletide, has not
been noticed and now, with Lent a
' goal, gayety is rushing madly thither
:to the season's end. Wedding bells
j are steadily heralding their news,
| though a veil, at present, seems drawn
i over the intent of Cupid. In all, 'tis
: a merry whirl that exists.
ENGAGEMENTS.
Mrs. Valentine Hirschfeld of 1230
: Octavia street announces the engage
ment of her daughter, Blanche, to
! Frederick A. Lion of this city.
WEDDINGS.
The marriage of Miss Elvira Schuck
and Dr. Walter Janke was quietly
celebrated last Tuesday at the home
of the bride's parents, Professor and
Mrs. L. M. Schuck, 1651 Bush street.
The bride's grandfather, Rev. J. C.
Hyden, performed the ceremony, af
ter which Dr. and Mrs. Janke left for
a wedding trip to Del Monte. They
i will be at home, 617 Fillmore street.
' after February 1.
Dr. Janke Is well identified with
the younger set in his profession, and
Mrs. Janke is known as a musician
among her friends.
The marriage of Miss Elsie Wendt,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. M. E.
Wendt, to Andrew W. Roberts, was
quietly solemnized on Wednesday
evening last. Rev. James P. Turner,
rector of Cathedral Mission of the
Good Samaritan, performed the nup
tial ceremony, which was attended by
the relatives and' a few of the happy
young couple's friends. The bride,
who is a handsome blonde, was at
tended by Miss Josie Moore while H.
W. Newton acted as the groom's best
man. After the wedding the bridal
party partook of a supper at the Pal
ace and the following day Mr. and
Mrs. Roberts departed for Southern
California on their wedding tour.
The wedding of Miss Helen Ander
son and Albert Brouse took place on
the evening of January 14, at the
home of the bride's sister, .Mrs. Wil
liam Ede.
The ceremony, by Rev. William
Rader, was performed under a bower
of smilax and pink roses, Miss Jean
nette Anderson, maid of honor, lead
ing the way. The bride, in white satin
and lace, approached the altar on the
arm of her mother, Mrs. Lois An
derson. The groom's brother served
as best man. ' . ,
Mr. and Mrs. Brouse will make their
home in Los Angeles.
A pretty wedding took place on Sun
day, January 15. at El Rancho, the
home of Charles Heintzen, near Browns
Valley, Cal., when his daughter, Jean
ette Heintzen-Carev, became the wife
of Richard Kay Lawrence of San Jose.
A bower was formed of holly berries
and pine boughs, with a huge bunch of
mistletoe and white ribbon in the cen
ter, under which the bridal party stood.
To the strains of soft music, played by
the bride's sister, Mrs. Joseph Benja
min Ruff of Chicago, the bridal party
entered. Little Lita Leona Heintzen, a
dainty maid of honor, in white, acted
as ring bearer, while the bride's son,
Charles Josef Carey, alsc attired in
white, acted as page. The bride wore
a gown of gray crepe de Paris, with
Valenciennes yoke, carrying a shower
bouquet of violets and Bride roses.
The ceremony, performed by the Rev.
T. D. Lewis, was in the presence of im
mediate relatives. Owing to the recent
illness* of the bride's father, the wed
ding was extremely quiet. After a
short visit south Mr. and Mrs. Law
rence will reside at Colgate, Cal., where
the groom, who is an electrician, is
employed.
Miss Ella Mahoney and Barth
Dougherty were married last week in
St. Patrick's Church by Rev. Father
Pendergast. The bride was attended
by Miss Nellie Coughlan as maid of
honor, Daniel Cotter serving as best
man. Mr. and Mrs. Dougherty went to
Santa Barbara on a short wedding trip
and will reside at 980 Harrison street,
this city.
HOME PARTIES.
The members of the Memorial Mu
seum at Golden Gate Park recently
gave a farewell banquet to Miss Bessie
Garth Kelley, the affair being held in
the home of Miss M*ybelle de Laney,
The decorations of palms, violets and
pittisporum, augmented by many glit
tering lights, made a brilliant scene
: about the table. Miss Kelley leaves
' soon for Manila to become a bride, so
this affair savored both of congratula
tion and regret. Among the many well
wishers were Miss Bessie Garth Kelley,
Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Wilcomb, Mrs. E. J.
! McCormick, William Altmann, Everett
: Ohnimus, Mr. Chaquette, Mrs. Styles,
I Mrs. Hoffmann, Mr. Kenny, Mr. Cav
\ anaugh, Joseph Reynolds, A. Lawson,
Miss Maybelle de Laney, Miss Anita
jE. Boyle, Miss Jennie Ohnimus, Miss
I Louise Wilcomb.
• •
Miss Violet Kohn entertained a score
lof her young friends at her home, 814
Hyde street, on January 13, the oc
casion being the nineteenth birthday
of the young hostess. Several
guests contributed to the pleasure
of the evening with music and
; recitations. Toasts were offered and
• responded to, making the affair a
very pleasant remembrance to all
present. Among the guests were:
Miss A. Matthews, Miss I. Matheson,
Miss E. Cotton, Miss E. Pratt, Miss B.
Silberberg, Miss H. Holzenberg, Misses
McDougal, Mr. and Mrs. Ballanbacher,
W. J. Baker, F. J. Frair, J. W. Bewley,
S. Goldstein, M. Dannenberg, F. J.
Lawson, E. Spencer.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Beicke were "at
home" on the evening of January 14,
jat 253 Chattapooga street. Carnations
I and smilax were tastefully employed
! about the house, while a pretty screen
iof large palms hid the musicians.
Among the guests who enjoyed a very
delightful evening were: Mr. and Mrs.
L. C. Hamberger, Mr. and Mrs. W. G.
Schomberg, Mr. and Mrs. W. W.
Thompson, Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Elking
i ton, Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Klemm, Mr.
and Mrs. Henry Van Crombrugghe, Mr.
and Mrs. Daniel Saylor, Miss Amanda
Postag, Miss Myrtle ©aylor, Miss Ruby
Baylor, Miss Hazel Hamberger, Miss
Bertha Ahrens, Mlbs Gertrude Klemm,
Miss Maybelle Van Crombrugghe,
Herbert Klemm, Alvert de Long, Al
bert Cobby, Bert Schomberg, Arthur
Thompson. Wllford Thompson, Louis
Saylor.
Mrs. C. M. Duffy entertained the
Quien Sabe Card Club at her home, 1663
j Post street, on Thursday evening. This
! gathering marked the first party given
• by the club, of whom the members are:
I Mr. and Mrs. C. Root, Dr. and Mrs.
I Percy Kirk, Miss Edwlna Perkins, Miss
I Beatrice Jones, Miss Geraldlne Parker,
i Misses Hannah and May Duffy, Messrs.
I Ralph Dunbar, Irving Smith, James
I Hall, John Leonard, R. M. Duffy.
Miss Mary Kongsberg was given a
I surprise party in honor of her 20th
birthday, on January 15, at her home,
1016 Howard street. Ferns and flowers
were used In decoration and many
guests offered congratulations. Those
attending the pleasant affair were:
Mies Mary Kongsberg, Miss Sarah
Kongsberg, Miss Pauline Lieberman of
Atlantic City, Miss Lillian Stanish,
Miss Ruth Shalef, Miss Fanny Shalef,
Miss Ada Elises, Miss Mildred Elises,
Miss Jennie Raabe, Miss Lillian Gold
man, Miss Anna Wolfsohn, Miss Anna
Forbsohn, Miss Bertha Melmon, Miss
Lillian Epstein, Mr. and Mrs. Kongs
berg, Mr. and Mrs. Silberberg, Mr. and
Mrs. Shalef, Mr. and Mrs. Silveria, Her
man Kongsberg, Manic Harris, Joseph
Radler, Joseph Greenslow, William
Shalef, Herman Shalef, Louis Gordon,
Louis Goldblatt, Oliver Goldblatt, Paul
Edlses of Oakland. The party con
cluded with dancing, which continued
until a late hour.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Lipman will re
ceive Sunday, January 29, in their
apartments at the Hotel Miramar, 703
Gtary street. The reoeption is in honor
of Mr. and Mrs. Lipman's twenty-fifth
wedding; anniversary.
CLUB PARTIES.
The Romita Dancing Club gave a
party In Golden Gate Hall on Saturday
evening, January 14. This is a very
successful organization, boasting of a
large membership and giving a dance
the second Saturday of each month.
Many guests were present at this last
affair, the following officers and com
mittees having it in charge: President,
Frederick K. Blue; vice president, Earl
D. Eddy; recording secretary, Vincent
E. Holland; financial-secretary, Louis
F. Guedet; treasurer, Miss Cornelia B.
Farrell; executive committee—James
G. Jones, Adolph J. Alviso, Miss May
E. Blythe, Miss Georgia Braun, Mrs.
Maud Blue, Miss Lena J. Moore; floor
committee—Miss May Blythe, George
Beaver, J. D. Richardson, Miss Emma
Lowry; reception committee — Miss
Myrtle Giles, Miss Dora Kaplan, Fred
Booth.
The G. A. C. Club gave a trolley
party on Friday evening, January 20,
the following group of young people
spending a very merry evening: The
Misses Vesta Atkinson, Hilda Baily,
Eleanor Cannon, A. Coffin, Bertha
Knell, Lou Knell, S. Goeler, Lillian
Jansen, Lillian Fisk, Freda Lovdal, G.
Myers, Mary Redmond, E. Sells, A.
Smith, Dora Worth, Adele Winchell, L.
Brown, B. Bell, K. Cannon, F. Dakin,
A. Cahill,-L. Hotchkiss, L. Morton, J.
Parker, R. Schaubel. R. Stever, G.
Sells, W. Porteus, C. Worth, F. Shedd,
D. Ranson, R. Steirlen, G. Ghetaldi,
A. Richardson. Harold Worth, Keith
Beanston, Fred Worth.
The Phi Chi Fraternity gave a dance
in Golden Gate Hall on Friday even
ing, January 13. The club colors, gold
and white, were used In decoration.
The British and American Union
will give a five hundred party in Elks'
Hall on the evening of January 30. A
large attendance is expected, the game
continuing from 7:45 to 11 o'clock.
The Little Women Club will give its
fourth annual dance on Friday even
ing. February 10, in Cotillon Hall,
1310 Polk street. The members ac
tively interested are: The Misses Char
lotte and Fannie Redlick, Grace B.
Wiener, Rey del Valle, Jessie B.
Zacharias, Ella Michael, Eva Freid
man, Gertrude Mayers, Lily Elias, Es
sie Golden, Lillian Mohun, Gertrude
Nathan.
The Ladies' Auxiliary of the British
and American Union held a social
meeting in Utopia Ha|l on Monday,
Jfinaury 16. Ny Poon Chew, editor of
the San Francisco Chinese journal, ad
dressed the assembly upon customs,
observances and relative positions of
the Chinese women in their own coun
try. Many unknown facts of interest
were disclosed, making the speech one
of much entertainment. Master Harry
Borel of Berkeley gave some violin
sclos that were well received.
The Associate Clerks of the Califor
nia Fruit Canners' Association gave
their fifth annual banquet on January
14. Aside from the enjoyment attend
ant upon this affair several matters of
welfare to the association were dis
cussed among speeches and toasts. C.
B. Hollywood spoke on "Pure Food,"
quoting somewhat from Charles Dick
ens. Other speakers were A. P. Simp
son, Captain P. L. Bush, W. L Clarke
and Messrs. Oliva and MaKee. The
president's chair was given to I. I.
Bloom, H. G. White retiring with a
souvenir from the association.
PERSONALS.
_____
Mrs. Harry B. Qetleson will receive
on third Fridays at her home, 356 Wal
nut street.
Mrs. Henry Cahen, formerly a resi
dent of Oakland, Is living at 2213 Van
Ness avenue.
Miss Dora Kurlandzik and Joseph
Greenberg will hold a reception on Sun
day, February 5.
Mrs. Louis Gassner will be at home
first and third Fridays in her new resi
dence, 1638 Haight street.
Miss Elizabeth Ellison of the Blanche
Bates company has been visiting her
parents, Mr. and Mrs. S. Cohen of 1246
Waller street. At the close of the sea
son Miss Ellison will return to San
Francisco for a longer stay in her home. I
PRESIDENT REFUSES
AID TO A TRAITOR
Frederick L. Baker Must Serve a Life i
Term at San Quentin for
Treason.
SOMERSET, Pa.. Jan. 22.—The
family of Frederick L. Baker, former
ly of Somerset, who is now impris
oned in San Quentin, Cal., serving a
life sentence for treason in the Phil
ippines, to-day received word from
President Roosevelt, through Con
gressman Cooper, that the President
would not interfere with the findings
of the court-martial, and that the sen
tence would be carried out.
Baker, who was a marine, had been
convicted of deserting the marine
guard of the cruiser Charleston In the
Philippines, Joining the rebels In an
insurrection, giving Information to the
enemy and bearing arras against his
flag. A strong plea for interference
was made to President Roosevelt by
his relatives here.
THEATRICAL MANAGER
PROPOSES NOVEL PLAN
_____
Would Turn Playhouse Into Court
room and Charge Admission In
Trial of Land Fraud Case.
PORTLAND, Ore., Jan. 22.—A the
atrical manager has offered $2500 for
the privilege of having the trial of
Senator Mitchell and Representative
Hermann, indicted for conspiracy
against the Government, held in his
theater. He made the offer to-day
to a member of the Department of
Justice connected with the land fraud
trials, saying that if he could obtain
the trial he would contract to charge
$1 a head for visitors and no more.
His offer was turned down very
curtly.
Builds up all the waste tissue of the
kidneys. Lash's Bitters. •
NOTED BEA UTY
DIES IN A HUT
Former Leader of Milwau
kee Society fasses Away
in Squalid Shack in South
Special DU-patch to Tint Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 22. —Mrs. Mar
garet Jacoby, once a wealthy society
leader in Milwaukee, died suddenly
and alone last night in a squalid shack
in Santa Monica, where she had lived
in poverty. Tjhe woman, once noted
for her beauty, was reduced to the
lowest state of human wretchedness by
excessive use of whisky and tobacco.
Though 55 years of age, Mrs. Jacoby
looked no more than 35 and excited
wonder wherever known. She leaves
a married daughter in this city.
STANFORD SELECTS MEN
FOR DEBATING CONTEST
Experienced Orators Will Represent ;
University in Talking Match for
the Carnot Medal.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 22.
At the final tryouts held last night
Alexander Sheriffs, '05; Raymond G.
Barnett, '06, and Dudley D. Sales, '08,
were selected to represent Stanford in
the debate to be held with California
on February 3, for the Carnot medal.
The medal Is to be given to the con
testant who makes the best individual
speech of the evening. The question
is to be one of French politics and the
speakers will not be given the exact
question until an hour before the time ;
of the debate. The tryouts were held
last evening under the same system.
Cardinal Satolli Ill.
, ROME, Jan. 22.—Cardinal Satolli,
who has been suffering from an at
tack of influenza, is now ill with bron
chitis, but his condition is not danger- j
ous.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WOMEN WHO CHARM
HEALTH IS THE FIRST ESSENTIAL
It Helps Women to Win and Hold
Men's Admiration, Respect and Lot*
Woman's greatest gift s the power to
inspire admiration, respect, and lore.
There is a beauty in health which is
more attractive to men than mere regu*
'arity of feature.
To be a successful wffe, to retain the
love and admiration of her husband,
should be a woman's constant study.
At the first indication of ill-health,
painful or irregular menstruation,
headache or backache, secure Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and
begin its use.
Mrs. Chas. F. Brown, Vice-President
Mothers' Club, 21 Cedar Terrace, Hot
Springs, Ark., writes;
Dear Mrs. Pinkham:—
" For nine years I dragged through a miser
able existence, suffering with inflammation
and falling of the womb, and worn out with
pain and weariness. I one day noticed a state
ment by a woman suffering as I was, but who
had been cured by Lydia E. Pinkham's Veg-.
etable Compound, and I determined to try it.
At the end of three months I was a different
woman. Every one remarked about it, and
my husband fell in love with me all over
again. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com
pound built up my entire system, cured the
womb trouble, and I felt like a new woman.
I am sure it will make every suffering woman
strong, well and happy, as it has me/
Women who are troubled with pain
ful or irregular menstruation, back*
ache, bloating* (or flatulence), leucor
rhoea, falling, inflammation or ulcera
tion of the uterus, ovarian troubles,
that "bearing-down" feeling, dizzi
ness, faintness, indigestion, or nervous
Erostration may be restored to perfect
ealth and strength by taking Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,
Ffltafp DON ' T fAIL ?0
laiaVw see the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
ttUU Parlor, the
r _,J PALM ROOM, the
lirflflfl LOUIS XV PAR
\»I uuu LOR, and the LA-
n A i A i„ DIES' WRITING
Hotels |soom.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR "-asr
General Manager.
TO- NIGHT—MATS. SAT. AND. SUN.
The Romantic Military Drama. Adapted by
Paul M. Potter from the German.
THE CONQUERORS
As fine a production as that of Old Heidelberg.
LILLIAN LAWRENCE REAPPEARS.
EYgs.. 25c to 75c.; Mats. Sat. & Sun., 25c to 50c.
SPECIAL MATINEE of Ibsen's Masterpiece,
QHOSTB
Postponed to THURSDAY, February 2.
Next Monday—First Time in Stock,
THE GAY LOSS QUEX
Arthur Wing - Plnero's Powerful Play.
CENTRAL*!?
Market st., near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT —ONLY THIS WEEK.
Mats. Saturday and Sunday.
Greatest Biblical drama ever written!!
, JERUSALEM
THE HOLY CITY
A scenic production never before equaled!
200 people in production—so girls in ballet!
Return engagement of JULIET CROSBY.
PRICES —Eve., 10c to 50c. Mats. 10c, 15c, 25c
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Buy
di§Pk Only a
if you must pay
BHF ijff a little more.
You will find the
W Clover
/§/V Piano
1| I Not only • very satisfactory instru-
X I ment, but a source of great pleasure.
Al| I Its action is smooth, its tone is pow-
SqL | 11 erful, elastic and clear, and its du
\ _WM rability is equal to an ordinary life-
for our SPECIAL PROP-
OSITION to you. It will make it
easy for you to own a Conover
■ piano on very comfortable and light
I terms. See us about it at once.
TKeWUey B.Allen Co.
I 931-933 Market Street, San Francisco.
I Oakland, San Jose, Sacramento, Eureka, Santa Rosa and
AAI lIMDIH SAN FRANCISCO';:
vULUmDIA mm wauii
SECOND and LAST WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAT.
FRANK McKEB Present*
WALLACE JIIUJI A JUJCI
In Arthur Law's Comedy.
A COUNTRY MOUSE
Preceded by Augustus Barrett's Curtain Raiser,
CAPTAIN JANUARY.....
Next Monday—WILLIAM COLLIER In his
latest hit, "THE DICTATOR."
MELBA %S°ssF ALHAMBRA
SPECIAL
the COLUMBIA
BENEFIT MATINEE
In Aid of the Naval Clubhouse at Vallejo.
NEXT THURSDAY, Jan. 26, at 2:15
SOCIETY AMATEURS
'In Henry Arthur Jones' Comedy,
THE LIARS
(By arrangement with Charles Frohman.)
Cast will include: Miss Frances Jolliffe,
Mrs. Mark Oerstle, Mrs. J. Wilson Shlels,
Miss C-iga Atherton, Mrs. H. M. Spencer, Miss
Eleanor Haber, Dr. J. Wilson Shlels. Lloyd
Lowndes. H. M. Spencer, Thomas Eastland,
Courtenay Ford, Royden Williamson, L. S.
Ford. Jack Baird and Joseph Eastland.
Scat sale begins TUESDAY MORNINO.
BBATB gug wmM »i.oo.
CARTER Da HAVEN SEXTETTE;
Alcide Capitalne; Blnns, Blnns and Blnns; The
Great Thereses;
CRESSY AND DAYNE,
Presenting "BILL BIFFIN'S BABY";
4 Musical Avdlos; Clifford and Burke; Or
pheum Motion Pictures, Showing "The
Trials and Troubles of an Automoblllst,"
and Use
10 NELSONS.
Regular Mattnees Every Wednesday, Thurs
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prlcee—loc, 28c
and 80c.
f CALIFORNIA %
Edward Ackerman, Lessee and Mgr. ■
TO-NlGHT—Second and Last Week. I
The Famous and Original B
JOSEPH MURPHY I
3 Presenting His Great Irish Play, I
SHAUN RHUEI
M Hear Mr. Murphy Sing His Famous I
P Song, "A Handful of Earth." n
Sunday—"THE LITTLE OUTCAST."^
THE STAR TRIO, 4 OLIFANS,
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Evening- in the Heated Theater.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE.
RARE AND INTERESTING ANIMALS IN
THE ZOO.
Latest Novelty—THE WONDERS COPE!
Amateur Night and Electric Fountain
Thursday.
ADMISSION 10c 1 CHILDREN..' 5c
When Phoning; Ask for "The Chutes."
m 8 I ■ - I 11 mm
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS
TONY LUBELBKI, Gen. Mgr.
HIGH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE.
10c and 20c. Children 10c.
Afternoons, 8:30. Evenings, 7:80 and 0.
CONTINUOUS* SAT., SUN., HOLIDAYS.
2 to 8 and 7 to 11 p. m.
TEN GREAT ACTS. New Moving Pictures.
IA/. T. HESS,
Notary Public, and Attorney-at-Law.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Sprockets bldg.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence, I*o2 McAllister St.
Residence Telephone Pago 664 L
AMUSEMENTS.
kmTIVOIJuoih
Grand
Opera
IN ITALIAN.
RESERVED SEATS NOW SELLING.
PRICES—S2, $1.50. fl. 50c.
TO-NIGHT—THEATER CLOSED.
Tuesday Night. "FAUST,"
With Tetrazzlnl as Marguerite.
Wednesday Night, "ZAZA."
Berlindl as Zaza.
Thursday Night, "TRAVIATA," •
Tetraszini as Violetta.
Friday Night, ''ZAZA,"
Berlindl as Zaza.
Saturday Matinee, "FAUST,"
Tetrazzlnl as Marguerite.
Saturday Night, "CAVALLERIA RUSTI
CANA" AND "I'PAGLIACCI,"
With Berlindl In both Operas.
Sunday Night, "LUCIA."
With Tetrazzlnl as Lucia.
GRAND 23£
LAST WEEK—MATINEE BAT.
JOHN C. FISHER'S STUPENDOUS MU
SICAL PRODUCTION.
THE
SILVER SLIPPER
(By the Authors of Florodora.)
SEE THE WHIRLWIND ENGLISH GIRLS
In THE CHAMPAGNE DANCE.
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
J. H. Staidirt la The Boitnis Brier Bush
PRICES—2Sb, 50c, 75c, SI.OO
ALHAMBRA. THEATER,
This Wednesday and Friday Eve's., Jan.
25-27, Saturday Matinee Jan. 28.
DE
PAGHMANN
THE RUSSIAN PIANIST
Seats $2, $1 80. $1, at Sherman, Clay A
Co.'s, where complete programmes may be
obtained.
Week femmencing MONDAY, Jin 30
.MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
jflMreatore
Ss '$AW ITALIAN BAND
O MME. BARILI
Soprano Soloist.
flpy_g)K Magnificent programmes
changed nightly.
Beats $1, 78c, 50c —Now on sale at Sher
man, Clay & Co.'s.
LYRIC HALL
Tues. and Thurs. Eve'a., Jan. 81, Feb. 2.
SATURDAY MATINEE, Feb. 4.
Sl,'" DOLMETSCH
Miss Kathleen Salmon
In concerts of old music on the original
Instruments.
THE NOVELTY OF THE SEASON.
Seats $1 80. $1 and 75c. Ready Wednes
day at Sherman, Clay A Co.'s., where com
plete programmes may be obtained.
flaci! ipfc Mm}
New Xj&T Joctoj
California Club
OAKLAND TRACK,
Racing every week day, rain or shine.
Races start at 9:15 p. zn. sharp.
SIOOO Handicap, to B« Run Wednesday,
Jan. 85. California Oaks. $2000 Add
ed, to Be Bun Saturday. Jan. 88.
For special trains stopping at the track take
8 P Ferry foot of Market street, at 11:00,
12-30. 1:00 1:30 or 2:00. Return In* trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:46 p. m. and im
mediately after the last race.
PERCY W. TREAT, Secretary.
sb-_i i ■ a 'ii. i")
WEEKLY CALL, f 1.00 PES TXAJsW
78
YOU KNOW WHOM TO TELL YOUP TROUBLES TO «=-
JOHN I). SPRBCKELS.. . •J' ro P^' l^?K
Address Communications to
JOHN McNAUQHjf _ . .Manager
•W. J. MAil-'JX .. . .liu>iiu*ss Manajrer
■ TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con
. . nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office M?rket and Third. S. F.
• KcitoTial Rooms 257 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Terms by Mail Including Postage iCash With*
Order):
DAILY CALL (tnclud. Sunday), 1 year.. .SSOO
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday). 6 mos 4.00
•DAILY CALL—By Single Mcnth «*!
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2.50
WEEKLY CALL, 1 Year I- 00
• FOREIGN f Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
-! Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. D al!y. ..S».SO Per Year Extra
• ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re
, queated.
Mai! subscribers In ordering change ao
4re*» should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
Quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
MIC Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE,
tie* Center Street Telephone North 77
' WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
• SAMUEL W. WALL Post Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co; Great
•Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House. _
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building.
(Lone Distance Telephone. ' Central 2619.")
• NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE: ,
•STEPHEN' B. SMITH 30 Tribune BuiHing
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
6C7 Montgomery' street, corner Clay; open until
• :80 p. m.
800 Hayes street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
• 63!) McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larklr. street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
1W Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1090 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast coiner Church and Duncan streets;
cpen until !) p m.
220Q Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOYCES.
MISSION Commandery U. D.. K. T.—
Stated assembly THIS (MONDAY) * f T,f*'
EVENING at 8 o'clock. Mission Ma- [CQ' 1
• sonic Temple. Order of the Tern- W l^
pie. All fraters cordially Invited to attend.
By order of the Commander.
JOHN A HILLMAN, Recorder.
* SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. a
.Royal Arch Masons. meets THIS *VVf
• evening. Fourth degree.
H G. PRINCE, Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and B
. A. M — THIS (MONDAY) EVENING Vy
at 7:30 o'clock. First degree. By /▼>
order of the Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
KING Solomon's Lodge No. 260, F. and •
•A. M., 1839 Fillmore St.—Third de- "VVf
gree THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at /V\
1 o'clock. HARRY BAEHR. Sec.
A NICHT wi' Burns.—Clan Fraser
No. '78, O. S. C, will celebrate the CScSI
140 th anniversary of Scotland's v Z^l7c*i.
• poet, ROBERT BURNS, with a l.O',
grand entertainment and ball in
Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason st.. 3
on TUESDAY EVENING, January 24. Cho
rus singing by members Clan Fraser. Pic
turesque tableau taken from Burns' works.
The Soldier's Return. Duncan Grey. John
Anderson, characteristic Scotch dance, Pat
. ronella. Oration by Professor James Main
Dixon of California University. Scotch
songs by well-known artists under the direc
tion of Robert Lloyd. Entertainment at 8.
Dancing at 10. Mufic by Fairgrieve's Scotch
Orchestra. Admission 50c, children 25c.
COMMITTEE.
FOR Auld Lang Syne—The St. An- v v.
drew's Society will celebrate the iMVyJ
146 th anniversary of the birth of >SijW
■ ROBERT BURNS on WEDNES- '*fcS s %
DAY EVENING, January 25, at Scottish
Hall. Larkin st. Address by Rev. William
Rader. An excellent musical and "literary
programme, followed by a social dance; ad
mission 25 cents.
"THE California Debris Commission having re
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro
cess from Santa Fe Gold Mining Company,
In Santa F'e mine, near Westvllle. Placer
County, Cal., draining into John Dick Creek,
which reaches North Fork of Middle Fork of
American River, gives notice that a meeting
to receive any protests will be held at room
. €8. Flood building. San Francisco, Cal., Feb
ruary 6, 19Q6. at 1:30 p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
FIRST-CLASS agents wanted: will make $25
t » $50 a day. 212 Parrott building.
ATTORHEYS-AT-LAW.
. Advice free In all legal matters; private divorces
a specialty, quick, quiet; no pay unless divorce
Is granted; collections made; partnership bill of
sale, wills, deeds, etc., drawn. Open evenings
by request. Established 22 ream. G. W.
' HmVE - 1122 Market st., bet. Mason & Taylor.
ADVICE free, private, confidential; business
legally and promptly transacted; attachmnts.
collections, probate, mechanics' liens, tenants
ejected, bankruptcy; contracts, wills etc.
drawn. W. MATTHEWS. 61J2 Market, rm.23.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-law, Exam. bldg..
6th floor: entrance room 611; established 20
years; all courts, general court and office
practice; no fees In advance or for consulta
tion; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3COI.
ADVICE ftto; legal divorce, costs $12; all law
cases handled; no fee In advance; open Sat
urday evenings; other evenings by appoint
ment; call and save men>y. 819 Market, r. 33.
A A —Divorce: costs $12; quick,qulet;advice free:
all law business; no chi.rge unless successful;
open evenings. 927 Market st., room 301.
AA—DIVORCE; costs $12; advice free
All legal bus.: no charge unless successful.
Examiner building, room 310.
JOHN OUIDERY. attorney-at-law, rooms 35
and 36. chronicle bldg.; phone John 2781.
IF you need a lawyer consult me at once; low
eat fee. H. H. HEATH, 855 James Flood bid.
L. S. CLARK, 927 Market, room 304; consulta
tlon free; no f■ es In advance; open evenings.
AUTOMOBILES.
FOR sale—s36Bo; 1904, latest model. 4-cyllndeT
24-horsepower Pope-Toledo, witn canopy top!
Mlchelin tires; Al condition; owner going
East February L Box 4139, Call office.
A CADILLAC auto for sale; better than new.
as it has only been run short while. Box
4402, Call office.
FOR sale—Automobile fDoIson); will sell very
reasonable. Box 4601. Call office.
ASTHMA CURE.
DI NOLA'S Acthma Remedy relieves Instantly
-10;. 25c. 5t c. ICC2 M.ivk»t. St. Nicholas, also
V/ishaitr Tenth and WatTJngton. Oakland.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED--1 OI 2 children to board; good
coutitry home; Jersey COW; no other children
Adgreas MRS. C. HEI ll'ON, Saata Rosa.
CREDIT CLOTHIERS.
C. F. ADAMS CO- 31S Mason
for everybody fron-. hat to shoes: you can get
what you wast from us and have !t .:harjced.
CLOTHING 3EHOVATXHG.
SUITS c.'eaurd pod pressed. $1: sgourtßK and
dyeing. Bon Marche. Examner i'ldg.. r. 410;
" pr.or.; Drgmn) 44. Call for c.nd deliver tr« c.
COLLECTION OFFICBS.
HAL* tenants ejected fir $4; collection* .r.adc.
city (ir country. Pecjfl': Collection Co., 415
Montgomery it., n.uine 9-ltf. Tel. Main 5380.
businessjzkances.
A- £2250; coal, wood, hay anil gTain business;
3 horse*. 3 wagons: net rent $'»t: tatab.
yeais; owner a widow; rcu.u sell at one*-,
as sho wants to leave the State. Call R-
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—eoffoe saloon in Oakland; rent $50:
place taking- in above $70 i>*r dsy; 10 years'
»4ea*?; a splendid offer. Call R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st.
A—s.l6o; delicatessen store and branch bakery
on Elite St.; 4 living l coins; rent $70: a bar
gain. See It. It WILKE. 26% Kearny sl^
A—s2ooo; REHTAi'HAXT ana loAgtog-boasc:
130 beds ; rent $S»C. located Sacramento and
Montgomery sis.; place clears si out $300 per
month. See R. (J. WTLKE. J££+2?-—'
A—5.0000: CORKER grocery, kept by owner !i
years: doing a large borftWS*: owner hs« an
other corner grocery and bar tor Bwi must
sell cither one; take vvjr choice; lecation ihc
ber-t. See R. O WILKE. 26% Kearny gt.
A—s7so; DRY goods and notion stcie In Eerke
lev; rent $1S; 5 living rooms: a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A-i-$2000; ONE of the best paying and elegant
furnished restaurants and oyster grottos in
this city; location the very best; close to the
aters; 4 years' lease: Investigate and make
offer. Ca"ll R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
A—sl2so; HALF Interest in leading bakery,
coffrii psrlor or lunch room across the bay.
retiring partner must leave for Germany at
once; bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A—s3ooo; CORNER saloon on Sixth St.; place
doing a good paying business; estab. years;
lease; a ilrst.class business proposition. For
particulars see R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—$1800; BAKERY In livery town, 30 miles
from S. F.; rent $27: 4 years' lease; bakln«
2 barrels per day; 3 horses. 2 wagons; large
store trade. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A—$800; OYSTER and chop house, close to
Market and 7th sts.; rent $29; good business;
owner must sell this place or his other oyster
and chop house on Montgomery aye.; price
$!BO; rent $16; come investigate and take
your choice. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—sl2oo; ROADHOI'SE; 4 furnished rooms;
rent $10; lease; ehuffleboaid; place estab
llshed many years; best location on San Ma
teo road. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $2200; CORNER saloon on California St.;
rent $75; old established business and good
paying place; fine fixtures; large stock; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny.
A—sl2oo; FRt'IT and produce stand in leading
market; doing a business of $100 per day; 3
horses, 2 wagons; a splendid offer and rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny St.
A—$800; RESTAURANT and chop house; close
to 2 carhouses; 5 rooms: rent $33; established
years; doing a first-class business; investi
gate; this is a good business and a bargain.
Particulars R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
A—s4ooo; BAKERY and confectionery, estab
lished many years; baking 7 barrels per day;
0 horses, wagons and buggy; one of the best
in this city. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
HARDWARE,TccksmIth and electri
cal repair shop; established 20 years; best
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 20%
Kearny at. ,
A—$1800; SALOON on water front, close to
Market St.; net rent $120; place established
many years and known as a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—s3soo: LIQUOR store, with 5 years' lease;
$20(i0; stock guaranteed: one block north of
Market; a very rare chance. Call on R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
daily receipts $50; rent $80.; lease; place lo
cated close to Market and a good business.
Call on R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—$1000; HOTEL; a first-class paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen, with 6-year
lease; close to carhouse and other factories.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—sl7so; CORNER grocery' and bar, with 5
living rooms: on Sacramento st.; 4% years'
lease; rent $45; tha very best location. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s24.->0; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash busi
ness; location can't be beat; value in sight.
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
J. B. OBERLE. W. H. MASSEY.
Eagle Realty Office.
230 Kearny, rooms 1 and 2; phone Black 6694.
RESTAURANT; seats 90; fine business; must
be sold account of death; investigate this.
230 Kearny at.'
100 SALOONS from $550 to $6000; all parts of
the city; bargains. 230 Kearny st. -
SALOON, boarding and lodging house: old es
tablished; extra fine business; good oppor
tunity. 230 Kearny st.
$550—BLACKSMITH, horseshoeing shop or
will take partner for $300; snap. 230
Kearny st.
$375 —LODGING-HOUSE, 11 rooms; rent $45;
clears $90; 200 others; all bargains. 230
Kearny st.
A TRY KREDO & CO. A.
THE RELIABLE AGENTS
Phone Black 6872; 765 MARKET ST.
A—Gold harvester, investigate this.
6 men wanted with $200 to $500 each.
$125; chicken ranch; 110 chickens; incuba
tors, etc.
$1100; grocery and bar; old est.; retiring.
$950: delicatessen and grocery; snap.
$250; branch bakery, notions, etc.; 3 rooms.
$15i)0; saloon: rent $10'; business location.
$3500; hotel, 22 rooms; realty and business.
$1550. oyster and chop house; $50 dally.
APARTMENT AND LODGING-HOUSES.
50 rooms; modern; up-to-date $4000
65 rooms, with large dining-room $5000
Others from 10 to 100 rooms; free list.
MONEY TO LOAN. KREDO, 765 Market.
FOR legitimate propositions
EUREKA REALTY CO. beats 'em all.
A few of our business chances.
ROADHOUSE; trial given; present owner
made fortune; every facility; will clear $300
monthly; bowling alley; 10 fine furnished
rooms; rent only $32; lease If desired. EU
REKA REALTY CO.
SALOON—Nice, quiet trade; positively clears
$250 a month; must sell Immediately; $1000.
EUREKA REALTY CO., 1118 Market st.
EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny st.
Paying saloons from $500 to $8000
Family grocery, Western Addition ....$3500
Cigar stands, good business locations, $126
to : $600
Restaurants, chop houses, coffoe stands,
$400 to $2000
Branch bakeries, candy and notions, $160
to $1600
Hotels, roadhouses and businesses of all
kinds sold and exchanged.
EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny St.
TO INVESTORS.
WE HANDLE
High-class propositions only.
From $600 to $50,000.
Have dividend propositions paying all the
way from 5 to 20 per cent per annum.
Fullest Investigation courted.
Call or write tor particulars.
J. Yv\ JACJUITH & CO..
James Flood building.
Rooms 874. 576 and 878; tel. John 2421.
A RESPECTABLE permanent cash buslnesi
that's a monopoly, easily managed and ab
solutely free from any element of a get-rlch
quick scheme or fake, is offered party with
iom» and $1000 to Invest, where with
ordinary labor from $3000 to $5000 can bo
cleared yearly; owner of this business ln
viteb a close Investigation, as It will be
truthfully represented in all respects; bank
and business references given. For personal
Interview address box 4156. Call office.
F. A. BROOKBANK,
BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market st., between Fifth and Sixth.
A—PARTY with $300 and services can secur?
an interest In well-paying business clearing
$200 to $250 monthly at present and same
can be easily Increased: must be sober and
Industrious. Particular* with BROOKBANK.
$4775 —ALL the furniture of a first-class hotel
of 57 rooms. Including bar-room and fixtures,
billiard room and table, dining-room linen,
or. ckery, range, etc.; a 'bus, 2 horses and
harness; with 10-year lease on house; situ
ated in one of the best small cities In Cali
fornia and near San Francisco. Address box
4902, Call office.
CORNER saloon. Rood trade, rent $45 $1500:
restaurant, earns $150 a month, rent $*0.
price $800: home bakery, rent $60 earns
$125 a month, price $1000. The abovo are
very desirable businesses. SCHWEINHARD
tc CO.. ICI6 Market st., opposite Fifth, up
stairs.
A RARE opportunity for a man having $4000
to Invest. He can act as resident manager
with salary of $150 per month, besides hia
share of the profits, which will be several
hundred dollars monthly. For particulars
bee TONY LUBELBKI, Flschcr'a Theater,
San Francisco.
FOR sale—A bargain; whole property: a coun
try hotel, with bar, at railroad station, to
gether with furnishings, complete; piped for
t:a«, own system; pays $50 per mcnth rent;
or will exchange 'or suitable ranch. Ad
drasa Owner, box 28, Windsor, Sonoma Co.
$600—CANDY store; fine stock and fixtures;
fountain; adjoining P. O.; live town; sales
$2110 monthly; rent $15. 20 Montgomery r. 8.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1905.
CBiAHCES—Con^njed^^
A—CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters tor all kinds of business chances.
A—s3soo; one of- the best corner grocery and
bars IS .S. I.; downtown transfer corner; 5
years' lease; cheap doing big business,
but com;clltd to leave for Europe; here is
chance of lifetime to secure first-class busi
ncsa proposition that will bear investigation.
CAMERON & CO.
A—s3so; good Market st. cigar store; cheap
rent: well located under first-class hotel:
this Is a rare chance to get fl:io location and
business cheap. CAMERON & CO.
A—s3soo; tip-top stationery and bazaar: swell
location; long lease; cheap rent; stock and
fixtures up-to-dat ; ; never* chanced hands;
established 10 years: clearing now $300 to
$360 per month; best reasons for selling;
genuine snap. CAMERON A CO.
A—slsoo; well located cafe, billiard-room, two
chair barber shop, with S well furnished
rooms above; rent only $30; coat over $2500
to furnleh; call and make offer as owner
must sell on account of other business.
CAMERON & CO.
A—$1800; first-class saloon on fine corner,
wholesale district; rent only $60; doing good
business; no night or Sunday work; big
opportunity. See CAMERON & CO.
For sale—Well located. S-chair barber shop
on Fillmore st.; rent $15; doing good busi
ness; old established stand; here Is a chance
to get paying business for little money;
owner leaving city; price $300. CAMERON
& CO.
A—s3 Boo; first-class 38-room country hotel,
bar alone cost $1500; one of the best inland
towns in State; 50 miles from S. F.; doing
good business; family troubles causing sale;
furnishings new and up-to-date; now is your
time. CAMERON A CO.
$10,000; MARKET st. saloon; elegantly fitted
up: excellent location; 6-year lease; reason
ably low rent; $2500, Al stock; clears not
less than $350 per month; owner must sell
on account of other business; Investigate
this grand place. R. E. CALLAHAN, 26
Montgomery st.
WANTED—By respectable, refined working
girl, roommate to share expenses in a large,
comfortably furnished room with housekeep
ing privileges; cntrally located; lady work
ing In office or store preferred: object econ-*
omy and companionship. Box 4776. Call.
RUSSELL, room 45, Parrott building—Fine
bakery, home cooking, rent $25. $175: tran
sient, 35 rooms, Mason st., fine Income,
$2300; fine new home. Baker and McAllister;
bargain, mike offer, 8 rooms, Geary,nr.Mason
$300-—STEADY man wanted as partner in es
tablished cash business; will pay on an aver
age $90 per month to each; duties light;
easily learned; no night or Sunday work.
632 Market St., room 6.
PARTIES intending to build flats or cottages
can secure an Al foreman builder and
architect to run and push work through for
salary or interest in same if for sale. Ad
dress box 47X6, Call office.
BEST INVESTMENT.
This 19-room house, rent $3 a room, will clear
$90 per month; this is positively the best in
vestment; will sell for $1200. part cash. 121
Montgomery st.
WANTED —Lady or gentleman with small
capital to enlarge an established business; %
Interest with or without services: references
cv hanged; can clear $400 a mcnth up. Cali
fornia Illustrated Song Co., 1.-h, 34. Oakland
FINE team with wagon and route for sale;
$500: Scandinavian man preferred; fine op
portunity for energetic man. Box 4528.
rail office.
WILL sacrifice my grocery, bar and furniture
in a 6-rocm flat for $2800. valued at $5000;
long lease., low rent; best corner In Mission.
Call at 3J53 24th st.; phone Church 6187.
WANTED—An established delicatessen store;
no difference what the present trade is If It
Is located In a good residence district; give
full particulars to box 4901. Call office.
HOTEL In country. 25 rooms; gas lighted; sta
ble, etc.; 12 acres righ land: price $3000.
MORSE A SCHNEPF, 632 Market, room 5.
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
PARTY with $5000 or more and services; es
tablished manufacturing business; good sal
ary; real estate security. Box 4735. Call.
PARTNER with $1500 cash: one that will stay
in office; no trlflers. PHILBRICK, 449%
Guerrero st.
$500 —HAY, grain and boarding stable; estab.
30 years; good place for wood and coal yard;
owner retiring. 1318 Grove st.
Wanted—Stationery, notions, books; don't ob
ject to candy, cigars attached; good loca
tion: llviny rooms. Box 4483. Call.
FOR sale—First-class bakery in San Diego. Cal.
Particulars, "THE LITTLE WONDER,"
24th and Bryant sts., city.
BUTCHER shop wanted with an established
trade. Address, with particulars, box 4801,
Call office.
$350—-DELICATESSEN store. Including 2 fur
nished rooms; In good business location; re
ceipts $10 per day; rent low. Box 4900. Call.
A GOOD chance for a lady to get half Interest
in rooming-house; small capital required
610 Geary st.
■FURNISHED barber-shop. Inquire early,
grocery. 500 Shotwell at.
$3760—HOTEL business; established 20 years;
In good town. Owner, box 4785. Call.
HOTEL for sale or rent—Hotel, orchard, red
wods. etc. Principal, box 4763, Call.
FOR sale—Restaurant; good location. At 3220
Fulton st.
$900 —CORNER grocery and bar; good location
in Mission. Box 4501. Call office.
WANTED —To buy cigar stand; state location,
etc. Box 4803, Call office.
% OR 1-3 Interest new Imp. steam cylinder
and valve structure stm. en. Box 4539, Call.
A DELICATESSEN, making good money; will
sell at Invoice; leav. city; must sell. 217 6th.
GOOD Bulletin route for sale; over 700 names.
307 Lake st.. Richmond District.
$1450 WILL buy gent's furnishing goods store,
doing good bus 926 Western aye., Fetaluma.
MAN or woman with $300; good-paying bust.
ness. Call 204 First st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscription]! l:as been
opened at lOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
A WEEK' 3 news for 5 cents—The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON A CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
One of the swellest 83-room family hotels in
San Francisco, catering to same class of people
as St. Francis or Palace; furniture, carpets
and furnishings of the best; everything up to
date; there is nothing thai excels it in this
city; never been on market before; this hotel
now clears, over all expenses. $1400 per-month;
best of reasons for selling; this house cost $40,-'
COO to furnish; to be sacrificed for $24,000; tx
cluslvely with us.
40 rooms; brand new, up-to-date proposition;
beautiful building, furniture, carpets and dra
peries of the best; fine location; near Market;
cheap rent; 5 years' lease; clearing over $200
per month; all full nice roomers; any one
looking for first-class now house can't overlook
this; part cash, balance paid out of huse;
price, $3500. '
9-room modern upper flat; rent $50, water
free; only 6 months furnished, with elegant
furnishings; choice block Ellis at.; $300 down,
balance can be paid $26 per month.
21 rooms, south Market; rent $85; well fur
nished and clearing $75 per month; cost over
$1200 to furnish; can be had for $850, with {
one-half cash, balance 1 per cent.
16 rooms, Eddy St.; $65 rent; oak and cherry |
furniture; carpets good, and clears $75 per
month; leaves 3 best rooms for family; part
down, balance can be made from house.
100 rooms; heart of business center; grand,
new, modern building with all the up-to-date
appliances; steam heat, electric light and ele
vator; furnishings and draperies the beat; the
cheapest rent in San Francisco for downtown
house; rare opportuhlty to get first-class busi
ness that will pay $400 to $500 per month;
owner must leave city; only with us.
6-room modern flat; new 6 months; rent $26;
beautifully furnished; fine location; and cost
over $900 to furnish; snap at $400.
85 rooms, part housekeeping; rent only $140;
oak furniture; fine carpets; clearing $160 per
month; long lease; can be had for $1800 down,
balance time at low Interest.
67-room. new and modern apartment house;
exquisitely furnished in weathered oak. ma
hogany and blr<iseye maple-. Axrainsier and
velvet carpets; 2 and 3 room apartments; 5
years' lea*;; full first-class people; obliged to
leave for the East.
14 rooms. Eddy; cheap rent; well furnished
In oak, with good carpet?; part housekeeping;
where you can clear about $50 and have nice
little home with small amount of work; price,
$800.
16 rooms, well located on Eddy; oak furni
ture, good carpets; fine condition; clears $60
and loaves 3 best rooms landlady; reduced to
$1200.
6-room upper flat, corner: rent $50; lease If
wanted; beautifully furnished; only furnished
one year and cost $1280; bargain at $650.
60 rooms, all light and sunny; close in;
beautiful new building; fine entrance; elegantly
rurni«=hed throughout In weathered oak. mahog
any, blrdseye mapie; finest velvet and Axmin
rter carpets; long lease with cheap rent; clears
$.'!o'> per month; never before on market; Illness
oX husband causes sale; only with us.
10 rooms, located in first-class neighborhood,
close in; rent la only $S5; extra well furnished
and clearing $61 per month; ali full; part
housekeeping; price $1400.
11 rooms; Geary, close In; cheap rent; fur
nished in onk and mahogany; carpets first
class; all full and clearing nice little Income;
must leave city; price $T5O.
70-rcom country hotel; best Interior town in
State; barroom, 2 lining roma and 5-room
tottage besides; rent $100 per mnth; can get
10 years' lease; brick building; everything fine
condition; fine business proposition.
12 rooms, well furnished; rent only $5 per
room; you can make $60 per month and have
2 nice rooms for family; only $860.
SO-room family hotel on Nob Hill; elegantly
furnished; all light and aunny rooms: choice
location and clears fine 'ncome; sickness In
family compels being disposed of; mako offer.
30 rooms; flrat-class, new transient house;
well furnished and doing fine business; owners
are getting; old and wlah to retire from busi
ness.
Have large list of real estate, hotels, room
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON A CO., 3 Eddy st.
Money to Loan.
Phone (private line) Main .13-4-3.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Up-to-date offices in the James Flood build
ing, corner Market and Powell. Entrance op
posite "Emr>orium."
Suite 801, near elevators.
Free service to buyers. Titles guaranteed.
HIGH - CLASS. RECOM
BEAITI FUL MENDED
ti E W AN I' —37 rooms—
MODERN 68 NEW and-MOD
rooms (partly ERN. The fur
furntshed), full nishings are new
of roomers. Rent and beautiful.
;aly $5 per room; Clo a r s $175
5-year lease; monthly. It Is
price, $3500. the finest in this
Fine opportun- city.
Ity. See
See MARION
MARION * GRIFFIN.
GRIFFIN.
SMALL WANTED.
HOUSE, NEW A cultured lady
AND MODERN. to buy this
Do you want a fashionable ho
nice, quiet, sun- tel of 45 rooms;
ny CORNER clearing $200
HOUSE? It has monthly.
24 rooms . —Price $5000—
—and In a— % cash; install
»plendid location ments.
Owner out of —NOW—
city. We are or- — WE—
dered to sell and —SAY—
will submit any - THIS—
offer. —HOTEL—
Please —IS —
Remember. —O. X.—
MARION Respectfully.
GRIFFIN MARION
•Will submit GRIFFIN,
any offer."
SNAP it quick; IF YOU
$SCO for 16 want to ex
rooms: n. c. cor. - change your
fine location. house for any
north of Market. other house.
Rent $30; $250 MARION
down and $10 GRIFFIN
monthly. In- can arrange It
come should be for you.
$90 monthly.
Business propo
sitions.
GREAT BAR-
GAINS. 68 rooms
north of Mar
-3- room apart- ket; elevator;
ment house; rent modem; $5700;
$55; clean and % cash; easy
full; easy terms; terms; Income
price $1600; $430 over rent;
sickness. 7-year lease.
39-room lodging 87 rooms and
house; clears bar: $4250; rent
$140; rent, $60; $.!25: owner
price, $1600; positively gnar
well furnishec. antees $300 pro
* fit monthly.
10 rooms on
Geary st.; alee. 52 rooms, new
$450; $100 down and* grand; 9
and small pay- year lease:
ments. clears $350
monthly; $1500
18-room houae, 3 down and ln
blocka north; re- st ail ments.
duced to $500 if
sold by 5 p. m., 154-room a part -
Jan. 24th. ment house:
. $7500; $2000
24 rooms; 3-year cash: profit $396
lease; central; monthly.
clears $S6; price
$1300. one-half 38 rooms. very
cash. Clean and swell, on Sutter;
respectable. clears $150
monthly; price
22 rooms: near reduced from
Ellis and Lar- . $3500 to $3000.
kin; rent $70; Do not fall to
clears $70; price See
{1100. reduced to MARION
945. GRIFFIN
ONLY $200 paid Do you want a
down (for a hotel or board
trial) ing house? We
—19 rooms— have several nice
3 blocks north, propositions,
—price $1200— Call and see us.
reduced from MARION
$1600. We back GRIFFIN,
you for a thous- James Flood bid.
and.
ABOUT 50 rooms, clearing from $260 to $300
a month; will sell or exchange for any
country proposition: will need about $2500 In
property or otherwise.
EUREKA REALTY CO., 1118 Market st.
FIBCHER A CO.,
Successors to Mitchell A Co. in rooming
houses, hotels and flats, James Flood bldg.,
Powell and Market, room 430. Phone Main 3354.
THE Manila House, 737% Howard, will be
sold at your own price; your own terms;
clears over $100 per mo.; owner Is unable to
continue.' acct. old ate, sickness. Call, see.
JUBT the place to make money; must be sold;
sickness: 65-room downtown lodging-house;
$3000 cash, halance on time; investigate.
Box 4577. Call.
BARGAIN—7O rooms; rent only $5 50 per room;
electric elevator; modern: 4 blocks from
Market St.: new furniture and carpets; price
$5700. Address owner, box 4781. Call office.
FOR sale- 22-room. corner lodging-house; rent
$67 50: water free; price $1050; north of
Market si. Box 4782. Call office.
23 ROOMS: fine condition; sunny corner; alt
light; $95 over rent; price $650; a snap. 231
Second st.
11 ROOMS, housekeeping; clear $40: rent cheap;
departure; refuse no reasonable offer. 116
Page st.
A WELL-PAYING 11-room house, nicely fur
nished; eunny side. 606 Eddy st.
FOR sale—A 17-room houae; good reasons for
selling. Call after 12, IC2 Fourth at.
21 ROOMS at 238 Kearny; Income $220 month;
price $1750; lease; bargain. Call at room 9.
$575—BARGAIN; ten light rooms, good loca
tion; low rent: good income. 817 Post at.
FOR sale—At a bargain, flrst-claaa 21-room
lodging-house. Inquire at 725 Fblsom st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A—MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14, Gait House.
MME. EILERSFICKEN spiritual life reading
daily this week, 26c. 1035 Market st_
FRED P. EVANS, the world's moat famous
alate-wrltlng paychlc. Office 1112 Eddy st.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium; 3688 17th
•t.; readings 1 to 5; tel. Capp 806.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A—EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY
To Consult
RICHARD MAYO
At Reduced Charges.
Complete clairvoyant readings. 50c this week.
No charge unless satisfactory.
You can be the Judge.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
• utter one word, he will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age, occupa
tion. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood
before you.
LOVE. COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs,
trouble*, marriages, restores lost affections,
reunites the separated, sett>s lovers' quarrel*
TELLS YOU WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
And bow to WIN the man or woman you
love and how to make your husband or wife
be true to you. and how to overcome all
your enemies and how to make a person at
a distance think of you and how to DE
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM. THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS.
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable.
Ellis at.—42lA—Ellla st.
Hours—lo a. m. to 8 p. m. Private flat.
MMB. LYNN.
The Eminent Clairvoyant—Psychic—Mystic.
SPECIAL REDUCTION THIS WEEK.
Readings 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c
Wonderful, bewildering Is the work of
Mme. Lynn, whose readings are a revelation;
advice on love, marriage, courtship, business,
mines; also reunites the separated: gives
secret power to control any one In 21 days.
She tells you full name and what you want
to know. All business strictly confidential.
239 Powell et., near Geary.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and bublness medium, reads your life cor
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
I all affairs of life; never failed to give satis
faction; 25c up. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
MRS. DR. HARBICH, clairvoyant, palmist and
card reader; gives advice In business, health,
love, employment, etc.; $1; English. German.
Hungarian, Polish and Bohemian spoken. IS3B
Telegraph aye.. near 35th St.. Oakland.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
with second sight: tells past, present, future:
ladles, 50c; gents by cards, $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings. $1 50. 303 Jones,nr.Eddy.
LIVINGSTONE.
For reliable clalrvovant reading consult
LIVINGSTONE,
26% Kearny st.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market St., San Francisco. Office hours—lo
a. m to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis St.. clairvoyant!
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques
tion; names given: $1: hours. 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clair. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c,
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin at.
MME KRONENBERG, palmist, clairvoyant,
card readeV: when others fall try me; read
ings 25c. 102% Sixth st.. near Mission.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist, clairvoyant, card read
er; readings, 25c; 2 to 9 p. m. 512 Jessie st.
MIPS WARD. 1206 Market st.. parlor 31, clair
voyant, gives names, dates; take elevator.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reader and
teacup; 2oc up. 222% Eddy St.. lower flat.
MRS. SHA.FFER. clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings daily. 108 6th St..rooms 1-2.
MRS BAT'M ANN. the well-known fortune
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal:
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat
ing works, 355-367 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har
rison st.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE
DORN & CO.; nhone Mission 225.
TEL 7 Sutter 1981-STAR RENOVATING CO.,
530 G. G. aye.; carpet clean., fit, lay.; reas.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.—First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 390. GEO. WALCOM * CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & <X)., carpet'beatlng works: nricee
reasonable. 17C3 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 203.
CATARRH CURE.
JAPANESE Catarrh Snuff cures catarrh, pre
vents colds. Secure agency, 203. 927 Market.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate—The Whalebones—Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crowns $3 50; fillings 50c;
plates. $5, full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when platee are
made: old plate* made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
FILLINGS. 25c and 50c; crowns, $2. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c: crowns, $2; no
pain: op.Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewitt, 101% Grant aye.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r. 14.15t
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor.O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental parlors, 235 Kearny, cor.Bush—
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH «hae moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL DRESSMAKING
AND MILLINERY SCHOOL.
Over 14 years successful work nroves our
course of training Is thorough and practical.
The easiest and best system of dresscutting.
Thorough course In millinery- Any pattern
cut to measure; evening class. 1019 Market st.
McDOWELL Dressmaking A Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew
art's button A buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
A—THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col
leges, is now In Its twelfth year; the work
Is better than ever before; departments in
English literature, languages, mathematics,
history, sciences, etc.. cannot be surpassed
in excellence of Instruction; two of the best
teachers in California are in charge of Eng
lish and of mathematics. Come and we will
prepare you well. Refs. President Jordan
or «%ny Stanford professor. Day and even
ing sessions. Phelan bldg.
AT 2 p. m.. Mondays, Wednesdays and Thurs
days classes In short-story writing and
Journalism are taught at r. 333. Phelan bldg.;
terms very moderate; Join these classes; In
struction thorough: real and rapid progress.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayrea Business Col
lege, has returned: bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; poslthins secured: day. eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gersor. School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post st.. S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
1 and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light: all graduates are getting posi
tions. S. F. Business College. 738 Mission st.
ENGINEERING—CiviI, elec.. inln.. raech.. sur
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
ncr Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COIJLEGE. 24 Post *t.
Established 1863; largest In the West; an
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
IRVING Institute School for Girls. 2126 CaJU
fornia St.; Easter term begins Tuesday,
January 3. 1906.
A—GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A—METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Nese
aye.; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
KENT Law School, day and night; book free;
fourteenth year. 530 Parrott building.
DESIGN, strength, materials, graphic statics
machines, structures; evgs.; mall. 20 Hartford.
Arlth.,gram.,bookkpg,ehorthand.Ss m.; day.eve.
mdiv. instruc. Western Bus. Col., 12SlMkt.n 9th
MME. FRILL'S Piano School. London Con.
2106 Golden Gate aye.; resident pupils taken.
BOOKKEEPING—Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR. expert. 217 Parrott building.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgomery.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION —Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.—Night class.
SPANISH, French, etc. Prof. De Filippe" a Academy
of languages, 1018 Post; est. 1871 ;ableat profs
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A—ORPHEUM Employment Office—Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell at.; tel. Main 5752.
A—-JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM
YOSHY. 415 Stockton st^; tel. Buah 869.
CHINESE Employment Office —Best help at
Leon Seung's, 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 428.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO.. 040 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED —FEMALE.
A FRENCH cook with best of references
speaks good English, wants work: not under
$:!5 a month. Call or telephone MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.; tel. Main 5472.
A SWEDISH girl, geed cook, best of refer
ences wants work. Ring up MISS PLUN
KETT. Main 5472, or call at 425 Sutter st.
AN elderly woman wishes place to do house
work; wants home more than wages. Tel.
MRS. NORTON. 508 Mason
A RESPECTABLE young- woman would like
another engagement as nurse for ladles in
confinement; willing to do light housework;
reference given. C. A., box 4766, Call office.
SWEDISH girl wishes to do general houae
work or cooking; good cook. Call at 711
Polk st., near Ellis
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes a position in pri-*
vate family; ha* the best city references.
1810 Fillmore st.
GOOD laundress would like work In families;
can do fancy Ironing. A. 8.. 51* Minna st.
STENOGRAPHER—I 2 year*' experience with
best New York houses; 7 years with last firm;
quick, neat, accurate; salary. $12 60 to $15
per week; references furn. Box 4211, Call.
DRESSMAKER, artistic designer and fitter.
jTancy gowns a specialty, wishes a few more
engagements by the day; $2 60 a day; or
will take work at home. 1453 Franklin St.;
phone Larkin 699.
A REFINED German-speaking French woman
wishes engagements as governess, nursery
governess, nurse or companion to lady or
children. M. CARIN. 132 Montgomery st.
SWEDISH woman wants work at houseelean
ing or washing in East Oakland or Fruitvale.
Address MRS. NELSON. P. O. box 134,
Fruitvale.
BRIGHT, energetic, well educated young lady
with business experience, quick at figures,
writes good hand, desires position. Box
499.;. Call office.
TWO ladles, »nergetie, refined, well educated,
with good references, woula like the manage
ment of a b islness or to travel for reliable
firm; salary. Box 4218, Call office.
NEAT young woman wishes situation as lady's
m ild understands halrdresslng manicuring;
can sew; $30; referencea. 1312 Tenth at..
Oakland.
A RELIABLE woman wanta position as house
keeper in institution, hotel or apartment;
Al references; call after Sunday. Phone
South
WANTED —Position as pantry girl and dish
washer in hotel or boarding house by two
friends. Address L. B. M.. box 364. Ukiah.
LADY and daughter want chamber work In ho
tel, or take entire charge of rooming-house.
661 Geary st. ■
WANTED* —By a middle-aged New England
woman, situation to do cooking and kitchen
work. S. H., 375 O'Farrell St.. basement.
STENOGRAPHER, experienced, competent, re
liable: good work; best references. Box 4818,
Call
EXPERIENCED German woman wishes work
by the day washing. Ironing and cleaning,
$1 60 a day. Address box 4827, Call office.
WANTED —Situation as chambermaid or as
housekeeper. Call at room 28, The Bruns
wick. '
RESPECTABLE woman wishes washing or
< leaning by the day. Address by letter, M.
X.. 1169 Mission st.
SWEDISH girl wants general housework; $25
per month. Call 1206 Peralta St.. West Oak
land.
COMPETENT dressmaker would like engage
ments by the day; $1 50; dresses altered; per
fect fit guaranteed. Box 4955, Call office.
STENOGRAPHER —A thoroughly competent
young lady wishes position immediately. Box
4122. Call
ALL kinds of family sewing, also dressmaking,
by day or at home. 408 Clement at.. Rich
mond District.
A POSITION as tallorea*. Box 4872, Call of
fice. '
2 COMPETENT colored women want chamber
work In same houae. Box 4890, Call office.
COMPETENT atenographer and office assistant
desires position. Box 4658. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young girl; 8 years'
reference; general housework. Box 4881, Call.
STENOGRAPHER desires position: experi
enced: references. Box 4651, Call office.
YOUNG lady stenographer dealres a position.
Phone Capp 6288.
YOUNG lady desires writing to do at home.
Box 4548, Call office.
FINE sewing done at 507 Franklin ex.
WOMAN wanta work by the day. 2060 Bryant
avenue.
Al WAITRESS wants restaurant position. Box
4990, Call office.
JAPANESE girl wlahea to do housework and
nursing. A. N., 11 St. Mary st.
HEALTHY woman, with 6 months old baby,
wishes place as wet nurse. Box 4443, Call.
An elderly lady would like a few hours light
work each day. Box 4424, Call office.
A COLORED girl as nurse for children and do
■ewlng. 351 C Minna st.
LADY takes washing home; open-air drying.
Phone Page 7931.
EMFXOYMENT WANTED—MADB^
PRIVATE parties or Investment companies
building homes or flats can secure the ser
vices of a first-class architect and foreman
carpenter: one who can construct your build
ings quickly and properly; can design your
plans, take charge of your building and ad
vise you In purchasing your necessary mate
rials to economy; wishes to build either by
contract labor, salary or percentage. Apply
box 4432, Call office.
YOUNG man, 24 years old, would like position
as bill or entry clerk; two years' experience.
872 Mission st.
WANTED—By young man, position of any
kind: must have work; well acquainted with
city and used to handling horses. 4731, Call.
WANTED—By a middle-aged German-Ameri
can, a position for a few hours a day; thor
oughly acquainted with grocery, cigar and
liquor business. Answer box 4957, Call.
IN town or city. Japanese boy wants a posi
tion as houseworker in small family. Please
apply by letter, Y. TSUJI, Japanese Mission,
121 Halght st.
BUTLER—Thoroughly competent Japanese boy
wishes position in city or country immedi
ately: have good references. R. 0., 407
Poet st.
BAKERS!—First-class, all around bread and
cake baker and confectioner, wants situa
tion; country preferred. HUNTER. 508
Ninth st.
WANTED —Position as pressman; first-class
references; steady and reliable. Box 4995,
Call office.
SITUATION wanted to take care of a private
place by a reliable man; understands horses.
Address K. E., 258% Tehama st.
RAPID single key-board typewriter operator
desires steady position: resides with parents;
highest references. Box 4565, Call.
BOATKEEPER position wanted by a sailor
on private yacht. Address MR. MILLE
603 Folsom St., corner First.
A YOUNG Filipino, recommend speaking
Englisjc-wants place as house servant. Ad
dress 2117 Ninth at.. West Berkeley. Cal.
COACHMAN —Position wanted by competent
reliable young Englishman; understands gar
• denlng: can milk, etc. Box 4480, Call office.
A MALE nurss with four years' experience In
traveling desires care of a gentleman. T R
451 Devisadero.
WANTED—By a young man. a situation a*
porter in store; not afraid to work. Ad
dress C. A., 741 Tehama st.
WANTED—A Job as baker's helper; good ref
ence. Box 1913. Call office.
BARBER wants short-hour Job. Address Tx»x
4871, Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MaIe —Con.
A YOUNG man. formerly marine fireman and
oiler *A 1 references, wishes position as fire
man' or oiler, coal or oil. or engineer of
small plant understands pumps, dynamos,
steam engines and steamfltting. Box OH,
Call offlce.
MAKRIED man. no children, wishes charge of
fruit, dairy or poultry ranch: «Pjble
and experienced; can arrange, do building
and manage to success; references. Box
4885. Call office.
WANTED—By man and wife, competent to
f take charge of hotel, restaurant, rooming or
apartment house, or other place where they
can work together; n<» objection to country;
Al cooks: best of references. Box Ma*. Call.
GARDENER flrst-class (single), of long ex
perience in landscape gardening, growing of
flowers and green-house work, wishes a situ
ation on private place; references. E. S.. box
4830. Call offlce.
CARPENTER—EIderIy flrst-clas* carpenter
wants work; city or country; best references.
Box 4485, Call.
DRAUGHTSMAN (experienced architectural)
wishes position in architect's or builder s of
fice. Address ROS., 1118% Eo^ 80 ™ _«•"?•
FIRST-CLASS saloon porter and lunch counter
man wants situation. 8. X., 630 Howard st.
GERMAN boy 18 years old, wants to learn
confectionery trade. Box 4870. Call offlce.
WANTED—A position as a traveling shoe
salesman; experienced. Box 4860, Call.
EXPERIENCED picture frame salesman
wishes position. Box 4888. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED cigar drummer wants posi
tion. Box 4830. Call office. '
WANTED—A position as collector. Address
Fidelity, box 4929, Call offlce.
YOUNG man would like position in wholesale
house. Box 4927. Call office.
FRENCH cook wishes a position; reference If
necessary. Box 4925. Call
EXPERIENCED draughtsman (naval architect)
wishes position. Box 4559. Call offlce.
A YOUNG man wants position as collector or
checker: age EL Box 4960, Call.
A HANDY young man wishes to get night
work of any kind. Box 4854, Call offlce.
AN experienced wholesale salesman wants po
sition; married. Box 4737. Call.
COLLECTOR wants situation: flrst-class refer
ences. Address box 4767. Call office.
BOY, 16 years, to be apprentice: some good
trade; electrician preferred. Box 4445. Call.
YOUNG man experienced In paper warehouse
wants situation. Box 4788. Call offlce.
Al SECOND cook wishes position in city or
country. Box 4947. Call offlce.
BLACKSMITH, experienced, wishes steady po
sition. Address ARMASESEN. 1118% Folsom.
JAPANESE college student wants home aa
schoolboy; good cook; references. Address
MOWRI, 1843 Webster St., or phone Jackson
3641. '
RELIABLE young- Japanese couple want posi
tions in private family; wife as cook; man
to do general work. 621 Jesse St.. Tamura
Hotel. ,
JAPANESE college student wants home as
schoolboy; good cook; references. Address
MOWRI, 1843 Webster St., or phone Jack
son 3641.
A JAPANESE young man wants situation,
porter and general housework; has several
veers' experience: references. GEORGE,
1036 Larkin; tel. Larkin 2713.
A JAPANESE boy wants position as a school
boy in small family: speaks well; understands
cooking. WADA, 513 Hayes st.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants to do housework
in small family; answer by letter. M. MORI,
care of Japanese Y. M. C. A.. 121 Height st.
JAPANESE wants good situation, best o»°kiag;
exp.; best recommendations: in family; wages
$8,59,510 wk. K. F., 1 Adelaide pi., off Taylor.
A JAPANESE school boy desires position every
morning and evening. EDERA. 719 Valencia
St.; phone Capp 3296.
A GOOD Japanese boy desires position as school
boy In small family. 313 Sutter St.; phone
Black 4241.
A YOUNG Japanese wants a place to work aa
school boy In good, small family. JAMES
NAKAGI. 442 Devisadero st.; phone Page 2109
A JAPANESE boy wants position as kitchen
help, washing. MINYA. 417 Jones at.; tel.
Hyde 1676.
A JAPANESE, honest boy, wants a position
as schoolboy: wages $1 a week. F. YAMA
TO. 1303% Castro st.
PRIVATE position wanted by handy Japanese,
to work in stable or milk cow. Address G.
A. N.. 819 Grant aye.
A JAPANESE young boy wants a position as
schoolboy or housework. 504 Dupont at.
A JAPANESE boy wants a position as general
housework or schoolboy. Milton. 2498 Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wishes position
In hotel or boarding-house, city or country.
Address Cook. 625 Dupont st.
CHINESE boy wants Job as cook in family
home. Box 4878, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants position la
private place. FUNG, 1110 Stockton ex.
EC—EMA CUMX.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber Itch that I can't cure; a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN. 64 Sixth st.
EXCHANGE.
BANK stock for Realty Syndicate certificates.
Continental Building and Loan Association
stock or San Francisco gas stock. Apply
A. W. PERRY. 411 Mills building.
FIN AN CIA
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid in $4 600.00000
Surplus 840,901 86
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
At par.
Offlce—No. 14, Sansome St.,
San Francisco, Csl.
WILL give 60c for installment Realty Syndi
cate certificates on which $100 or more has
been paid and 60c for paid up certificates.
W. E. BARNARD, 476 Tenth St., Oakland.
3 PER cent a week guaranteed; a modem In
vestment without risk. 289 Post St., rm. 203.
FLATS TO LET.
A —HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-59 Geary
at., on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de
sirable vacant place in San Francisco on
our lists; service absolutely free: let us And
you a place; come In and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "we
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company,
1039 Market St.. opp. McAllister.
NINETEENTH. 3080. block from Eighteenth
or Castro cars—Lovely sunny lower flat, 6
rooms with extra room on porch; key lot;
$23 50; water free; must be seen, etc.
NEW. swell sunny flats. 6 rms ; every possible
: latest convenience; close to the main entrance
to park; 5 car lines; one runs all night. Ap
. ply 7th aye., nr. Fulton St.; open 12 to 4.
; MISSION. 3007%. near 26th—9 rooms and
| bath; rent $25 month. Apply McKAY Sz
CO., 2955 Mission st.
HOE, 596, northeast comer Nineteenth—Lovely,
modern-, sunny uptvr 5-room flat; large porch
and storeroom; $22 50; water free.
CORNER flat of 5 sunny rooms and bath, on
the corner of Twenty-fourth and Douglass
sts.; rents $20. Apply on premises.
NEW. elegant flats: latest Improvements: Just
finished; park panhandle. STRAUB, 630
Market at.
LOWER flat of 7 rooms; rent $27 60. 1588
Fulton st.
POLK. 2500. cor. Filbert—Fine sunny corner
flat, 7 rooms and bath; marine view: $35.
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms and hath. 3435 Twen
tieth, between Howard and Capp.
MICSION St.. 2721—Upper sunny flat, 6 rooms;
modern, yard and basement.
MODERN sunny flat, 7 rooms. 2 attic rooms,
basement. 1128 Green st.. near Van Ness aye.
PAGE. 1735-37—Handsome upper and middle
flat; 0 sunny rooms * bath each; rent $32 50
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG", 116 Montgomery at-TELL YOUP WANTS TO ROTEIRS OF THE CALL
PLATB TO XJlT—Con**UHV*fl.
SHIPLEY. 287. near Sixth—Desirable"flat: 5
rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
6 SUNNY rooms, wtth hath; $lf£ Call MM
Fillmore at.
TURK, 620%—Sunny flat; 5 rooms, bath; base
ment, yard; adults only.
7 ROOMS, new, with carpets. ,011 Pine st.
FLATS FOB SALE—FURNISHED.
F^?R~*aJe^X^ne^ii^^
■0"n reasonable. Inquire at 1453 Sacramento
Jm, bet. Leavenworth and Hyde. ,
NEW 10-room flat. Just furnished, full room
ers; cash or time; no agents. 682 Geary it.
FURNTTURE WANTED.
"WE'LL GET YOUR BUSINESS"—Wei pay
the most money for furniture, carpets, offlce
fittings, merchandise and houses MARK J.
LEVY AUCTION CO. 1821 Market St., be
tween Bth and 10th. Phone South 179.
ABB LEVY,
Salesroom, 1188 Market *C TsL Jessie TBI
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, offlos fur
mtnire, ess., untU you get hie
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealer* or will »ell on oommUslon. L. R.
BLRD, sue, 1630 Market; phone Jessie 2886.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur
niture, carpets, etc 782 Mission; tel. Bush 818
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. TTB Mission St., bsv.
tore »*illng your furniture. Phone Red 4462.
A LAUNDREBB to help wtth housework. $80.
A waitress for a commercial hotel In coun
ts*. $25.
A Woman for cooking- and housework, $26;
must go home nights; a second girl for nice
place in city, $26.
Three waitresses tor flrst-class hotel in
city; $25 and found.
A second girl for Oakland, $80.
- A cook for an American family of 8 per
sons, $85.
A waitress for a boarding-house, city; $20.
Twenty housework girls for city and ooun-.
try, $20 to $80.
MISS PLUNRBTT, 426 Batter st. '
BfYB mors waitresses for first-class hotel In
' Southern California; must start last of
. this month. For full particular* are MISS
PLUNKETT, 426 Sutter, near PowelL
to learn halrdresslng, manicuring, eta.;
trade taught from A to Z in 2 wka.; tuition
- $6 to those entering now; 3 positions to fill
- Immediatelyi positions guar, at $10 per week
apt only recognized college of its kind on
coast; day and eve. class. 238 Geary, r. 13.
WANTED—GirIs to learn millinery now for
spring season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $15; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
810 per week up; 7 positions to be filled by
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A—PACIFIC College teaches halrdreeslng.
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognized college of its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re
duced prices. 183 Powell st.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER
ALLS, JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX
PERIENCE NECESSARY: STEADY WORK.
GOOD PAY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32%
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
IN OAKLAND. COR. 10TH AND CLAY STS..
%EWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS: NO EXPERIENCE NECES
SARY; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS A CO.
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS, OVERALLS AND
ENGINEER JACKETS. STANDARD FAC
TORY, COR. QOUGW AND GROVE STS.
RAPID buttonhole-maker wanted on coats.
.Apply to 8. N. WOOD, 40 Geary st.
WANTED —A woman to do washing and house
cleaning one day every week. 637 Lyon st.
GIRL for housework. 31 Cumberland et., bet.
RKh and 20th and Guerrero and Dolores.
WANTED-Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
GIRL wanted to do housework and attend.to
child. Call at 430 Bush st.: wages $15.
WANTED—A girl for light housekeeping who
can speak Spanish. Box 4771. Call offlce.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p. m. Wfflnesday; salary no object.
WANTED—A German girl to take care of a
boy about 2 years old; must understand
some English and speak German correctly;
satisfactory references required. Address
M. S., box 4899. Call offlce.
WANTED —Ladles to learn halt-dressing, man
icuring, facial massage and scalp treatments;
'4- weeks completes; expert instructors: call
or write. Moler System Co., 649 Sacramento.
YOUNG woman for general housework; must
bo good, plain cook; sleep home. Apply Mon
day, between 10 and 12, at 405 Hayes st.
A' PRACTICAL millinery school; established
16 years; day and evening class; terms easy.
816 O'Farrell St.
WANTED—Graduate lady doctor, unhampered
by antiquated professional ethics and suffer
ing from lack of practice. Box 4680. Call.
ALL halrdresslng. manicuring, face massage
and scalp treatments are free at the Moler
System College. 649 Sacramento; hours 1-4.
NURSEMAID for two children, 2 and 4 years
old; references; $20. 2117 Broderlck st.
A FIRST-CLASS housemaid by day for week
ly cleaning; references. Box 4438, Call.
WOMAN of good appearance to manage out of
town business. Address box 4467, Call offlce.
WOMAN familiar with traveling;; permanent
position. Box 4500. Call offlce.
OIRL for general housework; nights and Sun
days off. 827 Pierce st,
COMPETENT help furnished on short notice.
MRS 507 Powell; phone Main 3373.
HELP WANTED—MAX—.
' AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU, *
801-302 Starr King bldg., 3d floor. 121 Geary.
Conducted on Strictly Business Principles
Positions secured for:
Office men. Assistant bookkeepers.
Bookkeeper*. Hotel clerk*.
Stenographers. Railroad clerks.
Offlce managers. Timekeepers.
Correspondent clerks. Collector*.
Accountants Bill clerks.
Buyer*. Shipping clerks.
Traveling salesmen. Law offlce clerks.
Manager for dept. stores Entry clerk*.
Cashiers. Cigar clerks.
Crtdit men. Dry goods clerks.
Secretaries. Receiving clerks.
General office work in all lines of business.
Offices and representatives in other cities.
Apply American Commercial Bureau,
801-302 Starr King bldg.. 3d floor, 121 Geary at.
WE NEED GOOD MEN
To All the orders received dally; many of
the best firms come to us for men; we can
show that we place our subscribers In good
positions; jur publication reaches employers
weekly; whether employed or not, we can
help y v; Investigate us.
.COMMERCIAL CLEARANCE COMPANY.
415 Starr King bldg.
AT HORD ft SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents, 85 Third st.
' Plumber, city, contract-
Plasterer, city. contract-
Solicitor, tea and coffee, 50 per cent 00m-
Cwtssion.
iCan *ur dye works, experienced, $20.
Teamsters, bay shore. $2 i
CHECKER for restaurant, references, $60: 2
butlers, $40 and $45 to $50 and found; sta
tleman, $30 a—<» found; 2 machine miners $3
day; and t~lers. J. F. CROSETT A CO..
628 Sacramento st.
A—HOTEL GAZETTE—26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Offlce boy. 826.
WANTED—MiddIe-aged man: handy about
' place; understands cars of house. 869 Va
lencia St. _______________
WANTED—One or two men to learn a trade;
must have $10 security; no Sunday work.
Call 212 First st.
WANTED—Strong young man Monday morn
ing. 1163 Harrison st. t
EXPERIENCED porter for barber shop;
steady Job. 1102 Sutter st.
BOYS wanted; factory work. Paetfio Shoe
Polish Co.. 217 Ellis st.
WANTED—Errand boy. SU Batter *».
ANTED- M 4 T.E Oant^nnsA^
A—MURRAY A READY. 684-686 Clay st.
_ Phone Main 6848.
THE RIOHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
we gave In 1904 1906 w* hop* to
64,000 men work. increase 64,000.
SPECIALS,
OVEN 7 A M
Steam shovel foreman; see boss hers; $100
and found.
Cement finisher; good, long Job; $3 60 day.
Harness-maker for camp country, $78.'
Man to run carding machine; city factory!
$2 26 day.
Tile setter; city Job on mantels; $4 day.
Butcher; all around man; Nevada; see boss
here; $40 and found.
Bookkeeper, country store, 275.
j.; FARMS.
DAIRIES. ORCHARDS. VINEYARDS.
Teamsters, farmers, milkers
HOTELS.
Cashier for restaurant $35 and found.
Second laundry man, $26 and found.
Grocery clerk and tend bar, $30 and found.
Second cook, city $56 and found.
Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, gardeners, por
ters, bellboy*, elevator boys, yardmen, etc.
MARRIED.
Man and wife, country, $40 to $50 and found;
000k and wife, $80 and found; 2 waiters.
Southern California, good hotel, $26 and
found.
2 young men to help nurse In hospital, $20
found.
Cnoreman, near city, $26 found.
MURRAY ft READY, 684 and 686 Clay st.
SPECIAL meeting- by order of Local No. 148,
Barbers' Union. MONDAY EVENING Jan.
23. Business of great Importance. Fine $1
will be enforced for non-attendance.
J. L FRANKLIN. President.
STRONG young Scandinavian or German to
deliver goods and collect; $60 per month;
reference and security required. Call 822
Mission st., between 12 and 2. •
PARTY with $350 in light business; good
profit; light service required; A No. 1 busi
ness. Inquire 283 Fourth St.. barber chop.
SWELL 2-ehalr shop for sale; doing nice busl
nuees; owner retiring. 2584 Market at.
2-CHAIR barber shop cheap; going in other
business. 1350 Howard et.
BARBER shop sold at a bargain If sold before
the Ist. 729 Mission st.
ATTENTION!
We have opened a flrst-class barber college
In connection with our Los Angeles college:
8 weeks completes the trade under our ex
pert instructors; wages paid while learning;
position* guaranteed; next ten students at
half our regular price; call or write. Ad
dress GILLMAN'S COLLEGE, 627 Clay St.
WANTED—Secretary and treasurer for a
noted star playing best theaters onlw; must
be a man of refinement and furnish $2000
cash security (no bond accepted) and very
best references; security given; good salary
to right man. Box 4789. Call offlce.
WANTED—Men to learn the barber trade at
the original JNO. A. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE, 644 Clay st.; 8 weeks completes;
poaltlons guaranteed; expert Instruction;
wages while learning. Call or write (correct
number) 644 Clay st.
WANTED—26O men to know that "The Best"
still leads and Is the cleanest and most com
fortable lodging house In city: rooms, 10c
to 25c. 607 California St.. near Kearny.
WANTED—A minister without a charge to do
special work In Northeastern California;
transportation and $75 per month. Box 4850.
Call office.
WANTED—A good, all-round draughtsman;
one good at lettering and familiar with
electrical oiroulta preferred. Apply Tele
phone Co. Eng. Dept.. 216 Bush St.. S. F.
WANTED —Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rqoms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.: 250' rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED—Men to learn the barber trade; 8
weeks completes; positions guaranteed: ex
pert instructions; wages while learning
Call or write Moler Sys. Col.. 649 Sacramento.
WANTED—Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973-'
75 Eeston aye.„ St. Louis, Mo.
WANTED—Men to prepare for railway mail.
Internal revenue and custom-house positions;
free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti
tute, Grant bldg., 1095 Market; open evngs.
A —Experienced ooerators on ladles* waists
and suits; paid by the week; good wages.
656 Mission St., third floor.
A—Tuckers wanted; good wages. 666 Mission
St., third floor.
4 OR 6 chair barber shops for sale; choice loca
tion; Market or Sixth St.: must be sold.
See COLEMAN. 708 MarkgJ st.
WANTED —A first-class restaurant checker;
experienced and references required; salary
$50 to $60. Address Checker, box 4783. Call.
WANTED —Three men to learn barber trade;
absolutely free and will pay you while learn
ing. 751 Mission st.
WANTED —Young man; light, profitable work;
some cash; experience unnecessary. Box
4872. Call office. _
BARBER shop wanted: will exchange Edison's
Home phonograph with over 100 Edison rec
ords part payment. Add. G. A. C, 1456 Ellis.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st..Exam. bid.; open till 9 p.m.
WANTED —Men to fill 350 rooms at 20c per
night- clothes closets, hair mattresaea. elec
tric light In every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 571 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third st,. Examiner building.
WANTED, barber shop; will exchange Edi
son Home phonograph, with over 100 Edison
records. Address G. A. C. 1456 Ellis st.
AN elderly expert physician on diseases of
men. DR. KING. 23 Third st.
$75 —TEN-cent 2-ehalr shop; doing good busi
ness; rent $10. Call at once, 181 Minna st.
TO be an expert barber go to Glllett'a School;
cheapest and quickest. 611 Commercial st.
FOUR-CHAIR barber shop for sale, cheap;
owner going East. 21S Montgomery aye.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law & Adjustment Co., 49 Second st!, r 522.
WANTED—Young man to work for his tuition
In S. F. Barber School. 741 Howard st.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
MEN to learn the' detective business; paid
while learn'ng. 997 Market st.. room 104.
MEN wanted at 137 3d st.. where shoes are re
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 m1n.,76c
PENSION atty.. E. A. BulUs, r. 40. Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. liear Mar
ket —700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bua and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Chnrch
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half*
price 571 Mission at., bet. Ist and 2d ats
HORSES AND WAGONS.
CAMP, express, grocery and peddling wagons:
surreys. 3 and 4 seats; all kinds of business
and rubber tire buggies: 100 sets single and
double harness; 12 fine ponies; 1 fast pacer,
going at half price; horses from $10 up;
auction every Tuesday, 11 a. m., at 1140 |
Folsom st., bet. 7th and Bth.
THE quarterly bulletin of 8. F. Veterinary Col
lege now ready: mailed free upon application
to DR. E. J. CREELT.Pres..SIO Golden Gate.
BAY horse for sale; food trotter; 6 years old.
Addresa box 4608. Call offlos.
A GOOD work horse for sale, cheap. 176S
Waller st., near Btanyan, coal yard.
WANTED—A good horse, buggy and harness
Box 4403. Call offlce.
TRY Adderley's vehicle washing sponges and
chamois. At Saddler's or 807 Market st.
FOR sal* cheap—Bay mare; suitable delivery
team. Call forenoon, 412 Liberty st.
CARLOAD gentle business buggy and livery
horses. E. STEWART ft CO.. 220 Valencia
Fire sale—All vehicles at reduced prices during
_ alterations at O'Brien's, 600 Golden Gate aye.
GOING out of business; new and second-hand
wagons gold cheap. 1680 Mission St., nr. 18th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagona and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
HOUSES FURNISHED—FOR SALE.
JESSIE, 478 (near Sixth)—A furnished house
of 12 room* for sale reasonable.
HOUSES TO LET—FD-UrrBB3BD.
NEWLY furnished corner sunny house, seven
room* and batb. 104 Pierce at., nr. Height.
THE SAN FRANCISCO *CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 190 S.
M COUEBB TO JMjfc
A—PRINTED Hat of houses to let; *end for cir
cular. O. H. UMBSEN ft CO., 20 Montgomery.
NORTHWEST oorner Pierce and Pin* at*.—
House of 10 rooms and 2 baths, electrlo
light*, beam celling dining-room, cement
basement, etc; thoroughly modern. Apply to
owner, GEO. H. KAHN, 201 Kearny st.
HOUSE; rent $16; 660 Willow aye., bet. Eddy
and Lacuna; 6 rooms; key 1214 Eddy; fine
order.
INVESTMENTS.
WANTED—A man with $20,000 to take aa in
terest in 8 mines located In Nevada; money
to be used for developing; purposes and neces
sary mills; over 100,000 ton* of or* now in
sight that will run from $436 to $35 per ton;
samples of ore can be seen at room 3, 26
Montgomery st. R. E. CALLAHAN.
REALTY Syndicate certificates ridiculously
cheap 186 Ninth st.
_ INSTALLMENT BUILDING.
BTJTLDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes, 512 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making- your in
stallments lea* than rent; send for circular.
LOST AND FOUND.
$30 REWARD for return of lady' 3 gold watch;
valued a* keepsake; initials "I. E. F." on
case; full engraved chrysanthemum pattern;
case 137070; adjusted 16795. 1260 Masonic
avenu*.
LOST —Fox terrier; Alameda license tag; an
swers to name of "Mac "; solid white body:
black and tan marks on head; $10 reward for
return to 1737 Alameda aye., Alameda.
LOST—a pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Lean Society of San Francisco in the
name of Joseph Hughes, No. 188-120. The
finder will ;>lease return to bank.
LOST—English setter dog; white, black ear
and shoulder; no collar; answers to name of
Dick. Return to 890 Guerrero *t.; reward.
LOST—Large black purse with Initial "M" on
outside, containing small purse, with silver
and key*; $5 reward. 1145 Devlsadero at
LOST—At the Kearny-st. safety station,
small green purse, containing watch; re
ward. 424 Pine St.. room 5.
LOST —Diamond solitaire ring; liberal reward.
W. R.. box 4582. ("all offlce.
LOST—English setter dog; license No. 4538.
3550 Twenty-second St.; reward.
LOST— Roll pf engravings downtown. Reward
at 610 Montgomery St., room 24.
LA U M OJSJBH POR B3RB.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
MRDXCAL.
LADIES who are In trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Francisco
who has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' without a failure has put
him at the head. He guarantees relief or no
pay.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market at., rooms 7 and 8.
DR. G. YV. O'DONNELL—AII who are sick cr
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
every case taken; Immediate relief; no poi
soning drugs; low feeai my methods will cure
all cases of Irregularity: by consulting me
sarve time and money. Advice free. Offlce.
1018 Market st.
LADlES—Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor yet
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE
LIABLE graduate physician. When In trou
ble confide In me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best atten
tion and no danger; I guarantee prompt re
sults or no charge. Room 1. Est 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, offlce 305 Kearny st.
MRS DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market st., opp. 6th.
MRS. DR WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
ALL cases of female irregularities relieved at
once; guaranteed treatment, $10; 30 years'
successful experience. DRS. GOODWIN. 850
Market St., opp Fourth, room 37.
MRS DR. OWYER. 511 A Leavenworth st., be
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 1226 Market.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladles' specialist, removed
from 1118 Market st. to 838 Mission, near 4th.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
26th; ladlea, relief or no fee; $10.
MINES AND MINING.
WANTED—Two men to take 10,000 ahares
each at 25c per share d 4 of its value), and
to act as directors for one of the beat placer
mines in Northern California, containing 260
acres of patented land, with 1500 Inches
of water, 4500 feet double riveted pipe, moni
tors, Pelton wheel, derricks and all neces
sary mining tools; cook house, bunk house
and stable.
J. W. JAQUITH.
James Flood building, room 878.
MISCELLANEOUS—POR SALE.
2D-HAND machinery,- engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, .sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHT. CO., 130-132 Beale st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ?
Have you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover it with Mastic Roofing. It Is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about it. Elaterlte Roofing Co., 713 Market.
JEWEL gas range and heater. In use three
months; cheap. 1247 California st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry sold on credit
by paying one-fifth down, balance payable at
your own convenience. Pacific Jewelry Co.,
21 Stockton at., aecond floor. 1
A—BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
ELEGANT loft of pigeons; all mated. W.
CLAUSEN, 1115 Broadway, room 6, or Baker
aye., San Leandro road.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
FOR sale, to be removed—A good 8-room
house, 1714 Pacific aye., near Franklin st.
Apply at 1721 Vflllejo st.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $150 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
TWO fresh cows for sale; one Jersey. Apply
48 Chapultepec. St.
FOR sale or exchange—Selection of mineral
specimens; what have you? 800 McAllister.
12-FOOT windmill and a 10.000 gallon tank
and 3 horsepower gas engine at 618 Jersey.
ENGINEER'S combined transit and level
cheap. A. B. CONE. 411 Market st,
MILES of pipe and fittings, all alaes. EUGENE
RILEY A SONS, 109 Vallejo St.
SEVENTH, 804A —A nice sewing machine for
sale.
BEFORE you buy pigeons see our birds and
get prices. Glenmore pigeon lofts. Elmhurst.
SAFES ahd desks at nearly cost; must make
room. Richardson Bros., 123 New Montgmry.
SAFES and cash registers; new and second
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1326 Market St.
A VERY fine sealskin coat for sal* at a bar
gain at Portland Jewelry Co., 26 Stockton st.
2D-HAND bldg. material: lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Market.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bui lard A Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES —New and second-hand. THE HER
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
ROOMS papered, $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co., 319 Third; tel. Main 4x3.
A WEEK'S news for 0 cents—Th* Weekly Call
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
XaAAA—-Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast
off clothing. Tel. Davis 826. 880 Sacramento.
Highest prices paid for ladles' and gents' caat
off clothing. Tilton. 164 9th; tel. Jessie 3916.
PAYB special price cast-off fancy ladles' dress
es, gents' clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Red Tf.
DIAMONDS and precious stone* bought for
cash. KARL EBER ft CO., r. 408, Adams
bldg., 206 Kearny st.; pnoae Black 8086.
MONEY TO LOAN.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Ino-V—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5% AND 8 PER CENT
CITY OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
.' PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es
tates in probate, undivided interests In prop
erty probate realty loans,- stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-106 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
AAA—HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgage*, undivided Inter
est*, assignments of rent*, property in trust,
etc. - legacies, life estates and undivided in
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You.Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
• "will loan
A reasonable amount on
lat. 2d or 3d
Mortgages on real estate,
In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223, Call office.
SALARY LOANS— »
Money loaned salaried people without secur
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; onfidentlal and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
978 Market; tel. Main 1614. Branch 11112
Market and 27 Third st.
A—ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
Ist or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 3H.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities. TOLMAN. 558 Parrott bldg.
PRIVATE —Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan C 0..521 Parrott bid.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones' bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity: $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
ON notes, salaries, etc. United Loan ft Trust
Co., 21 Stockton St., second floor.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank Bid.
2 PER CENT per month on valuables. Port
land Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st.
MONEY loaned on mining and oil stocks.
WILLIAM MINK EL & CO, :t_K Pine Ot.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co., 420 California St., rooms 14 and 16.
SALARIED people on note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY, 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Bay. Bk. bldg.
ALL loana on diamonds ft jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 0 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 600 Exam'ner bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BEST Inducements; best selection of stock.
Over 10 years' experience renting piano*.
Square pianos and organs, $1 per month.
Good uprights, $2 and $2 50 per month.
One year rental allowed.
The best Instrument in the city for $3 month.
SCOTT CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS.
1 French upright $55
1 Stoadard. mahogany $115
Also one Chickerlng. Weber. Vose, Sterling,
Steinway. Curtaz. Rudolph, Fischer, Haines
and others. Easy payments. BENJ. CUR
TAZ ft SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
A FEW snaps left in second-hand pianos;
your terms our terms; rents $2 up allowed
if purchased; installments $4 up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 286-2*7 Geary St., S. F.: 1252
Broadway, Oakland.
AUCTION Jam 24. 1905: annual storage sale,
27 high-grade new second-hand pianos, stor
age furniture. de.«ks. safes, etc.; sale bona
fide. WHITEHEAD'S Storage, 1H36 Market.
$60 UPRIGHT; one 184 upright; (me good
square. $20. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT uprlghts.new ft 2d-hand.s4s to $500.
Pierces Piano Fuctory, Market and 14th sts.
SOHMER. Rvron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3<>K-312 Post st.
NEW tipriffht pianos sold on $5 monthly pay
ments. SCHMITZ ft CO.. 16 McAllister St.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Ohiekertng baby grand;
Phonlr.ger, little used. KeefTe's. 285 O'Farrell.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS
TO order—renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St. ; phone South 216.
AND STORES TO LET.
MAJEFTTC building. 1281 Market at.; modern
office* to rent; heat, light, water, Janitor and
elevator service free; rent, $10 up.
WINDOW; suitable for cigar-marker or watch
maker; also basement: good location; rea
sonable. Inquire Call office.
RENTS reduced: offices to let; 2KS> Host, cor.
Stockton; all light rooms; Janitor and ele
vator services.
STORE with fixtures, 3 rooms and bath. Ap
ply 1025 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
PERSONALS.
A—MME. GILLINGHAM, dermatologist; rates
this week; ladles with one-half the face
treated can be seen daily; will show perma
nency; home for patients; my personal care
given; will teach; write or call for booklet.
148 Stockton.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im
proves its growth, stops falling,cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists',hairdressers'ac
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
"RKXRADIO'S" time being fully ENGAGED,
he cannot receive NEW patients for a "few"
' days.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worat bald head. Call or write.
__DR. G. 8. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1809. 2122 Fillmore st.; pbone Geary 2063.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits over
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS',
London Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $76 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post St., near Powell.
MENDING BUREAU—I7I4% PolkBt!
ing neatly mended.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt.
WRINKLES, freckles, moles, superfluous hair
removed; latest metb. Mme. Marie, 1042 Ellis.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; electric needle.
Mrs. Eaton. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
$1 a week; suita to order $15 up. LEMOS, 1127
Market at., between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN ft CO., 788 Mkt.
ALFREDUM' 8 Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1 at all druggist*'.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
BLOOD POISON.
Serum-Toxin given hypodermically is pain
less and quickly cures contracted blood pot
son; administered only by Antl-Toxln lab
oratories. Western offices, 850 Market st.
suits 27.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL—OffIce and residence.
1021% Market st. bet 6th and 7th; particu
lar stention paid to diseases of women.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS snd NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; one week's
treatment free. Dr.sCottlngham, 9 Powell at
BLOOD, akin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st
REMOVED—DR. WONG HIM. herb doctorT
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 116-117 Mason st., now lo
cated at 667 Geary st, near Leavenworth,
WONG WOO. th* famous herb doctor—All dls
eaaee cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay at
PATRMTB.
INVENTIONS patented. ~F. p. MEDINA at
tornsy-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg., 682 Market at
JUULJi^ ESTATE —CITY —FOB SALE.
E. N. WILLBERG.
LICENSED SURVEYOR,
109 MONTGOMERY ST.
City Lot* Accurately and Officially Surveyed.
CHARGES REASONABLE.
My field books, diagrams show, by actual
measurements, the exact points from which
your lot was surveyed, which Is imperatively
necessary, as the City Surveyor and other sur
veyors do not show that, and also because all
the original monuments were taken out when
the streets were formed In the early days of
1 the city, since which time the different City
I Surveyors extending to the present time have
: made Innumerable errors in their street and
lot surveys, and to conceal such errors they
have moved the monument lines away from
their original correct positions without legal
authority from the people, causing blocks and
streets to measure incorrectly, creating excess
measurements in blocks of the most valuable
portion of the city, which they do not distribute
proportionately throughout the block, but often
give the entire excess of sometimes 12 inches
or more to one person, thereby Interfering with
the deed distances of the people and the abso
lute security of boundary lines.
Consult me before moving your valuable
buildings on such unfair surveys. Work guar
anteed.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
31 28 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots, Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on grade:
close to An* school and Mlsslon-*t. electric
care; bound to double in value.
$400 each on Installments of $10 per month;
no taxes; fine lots, near Ocean boulevard:
best residence location south of Golden Gate
Park; these are the cheapest lots In this dl»- j
j trlct; advancing in price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., r 8. Phone Main 5704.
I FOUR or five room modern cottages; wooden
I mantels: latest plumbing; tiling, etc.; near
I Folsom-st. electric cars; only $100 ca*h re
l quired: balance to suit. THE DOLAN CO..
home builders. 1607 Market *t.. opposite
Franklin.
FOR sale cheap—3 fine lots on Fountain st.,
one block from the new schoolhouse on
24th st. Apply at CURTIN'S grocery. 24 th
and Douglass.
■ NEW colonial houses, 2 flats, 5 rooms, reception
hall each; let 4*4x116; rents $46 50; easy pay
ments; $5000. Third aye.. bet. A and B st.i.
$2500 —COTTAGE, 4 rooms bath and barn; lot
100x100; $250 cash, bnlance $15 mo. MIS
SION REALTY CO., 3297 Mission *t. j
CHOICE lot 1n the Rels Tract. $200. Inquire
3306 Twenty-fourth St., near Mission.
FINE sanitary plumbing; latest system. AHL-
R>CH & MAYER. 836 Howard St.
REAL ESTATE—COUNTRY—For Sale.
WHITE ft BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
INSURANCE.
$7500 —20 acres at Sunnyvale, Santa Clara
County. 6 miles of San Jose; all In full bear
ing prunes, peaches, almonds and cherries;
rich black loam; modern house, 7 rooms and
bath; hjt and cold water; brick cellar; cement
floor; windmill; 3*story tankhouse; 2 fine barns;
complets drying plant; farming implements;
half cash; superb gentleman's home with large
income.
$175 per acre—ln 10-acre lots; on main coun
ty road, 2 miles of Hay wards; rural delivery;
close to school.
$3500—14 acres; 1 mile of Hay wards; 7 acres
rich valley loam; small house and barn: fenced
3 fields; 50 cords of wood; hay; half cash.
$3500—7 miles of Lodl; 52 acres; 5-room
house; barn, good well; family vineyard; 13
acres wine grapes.
$2200—Orly 2 miles of Ripon; 40 acres with
4-rocm house, bain and well; close to creamery
and station.
$?60O—Only 7 miles of Hay wards; 480 acres,
about 390 farming land; fine stock ranch; 2
►mall houses, ? large barns; plenty wood.
$ISOO—5 acres; 300 fruit trees, mostly apri
cots; small house, barn, windmill; running wa
ter, plenty wood; close to school; 3 miles of
Hayw&rds.
$2800— 58 acres; only 2 miles of Soquel; 21
acres of best black sandy loam suitable for
truck gardening; about 4 acres full bearing or
chard and vineyard; raises best corn and pota
toes in State; 6-room hard finished residence;
hot and cold wat-r; barn, granary, wagon
shed, poultry houses; abundant water; only
$800 down; easy term*; 4UO cords of wood.
$3000-—FoothiU ranch. 160 acres; only 3 miles
of Clayton, Contra Costa County; 80 acres plow
land, balance pasture, family orchard; house
and barn.
84764—160 acres, of which 90 are level; 140
under cultivation; near Clayton; new house, 5
rooms and basement; new barn, 36x40; poultry
houses; fenced 4 fields; water piped to build
ings; family orchard: terms.
$1900 —Only 2 miles Santa Rosa; 5 acres rich
bottom land; neat 4-room cottage; good barn,
poultry-hcube*; buggy and harness; poultry;
farming tools.
$10,500 —Only 1% miles of Santa Rosa; 93
acres; on fine drive; 25 acres full bearing
French prunes and pears; 50 acres black grav
elly loam, adapted to walnuts; modern 9-room
residence; fine barn, holding 200 tons of hay,
carriage- house, windmill and tank, corncribs,
etc.
$600 —Almost adjoins stores. P. O. and 8
miles of Anderson; 10 acres; 0 acres bearing
peaches; cabin 16x24; under irrigation ditch;
well fenced; poultry men. investigate quick.
$300 down—l mile of R. R. town; 18 acres
level black loam: no buildings; well fenced;
13 a. re.-, full bearing pears and French prunes;
fine creek for poultry; price $2000, any terms.
tIt.SW rtlW acres rich alluvial soil; 2 miles
of two thriving railroad towns and not far
from Lodi. San Joaquin County; small almond
orchard; good house. 6 rooms, and house for
help; fine barn, holding iCO tons; wagon-shed,
blacksmith shop; windmill, 5000-gallon tank:
fenced an! cross-fenced; terms or exchange
gilt-edge bay property.
$.s5O0 —On oiled drive: 1 mile of Llvermore;
40 acr-s healthy, full bearing vineyard; about
5 acres fru't; plain dwelling; barn; good well
and windmill; 2 years' crop will pay for this
place.
$3000—26 acres: 1 mile of Courthouse and
high school; 5 acres fine alfalfa: 10 acres Bart
lett pears and almonds: balance alfalfa land;
2 wells; fully equipped pumping plant; dwell
ing, barn, poultry-houses, drying plant; half
cash.
$8500 —Close to Napa City; 50 acres rich,
level land; 35 acres In ordchard 12 years old:
good 8-rccm house; large barn, windmill and
tank; drying plant; poultry yards; horses, cat
tle, farming tools; good furniture; fine income;
half >ash
$10u<> —25 acres, half rolling and balance
level; near Santa Rosa, 3 miles of Kenwood;
rich land: 2 acres orchard; vine yard; creek; 2
wells; nice cottage, 5 rooms; large barn;
fenced Into 4 fields; 5 poultry-houses, large
wire netting yards. 150 laying hens; good horse,
3 cattle, spring wagon, top buggy; 4 tors hay;
easy terms.
$2950 —2 miles of Sonoma City; 10 acres level
garden soil- 8% acres bearing vines; 1 acre
fruit; good dwelling, barn, poultry-housea;
horse, wagon, carts, pious. 3 sets harness,
tools, wine press, tanks and casks; furniture;
fine crop.
$1700 —25 acres, close to Callstoga; adapted
to vines and trees; family orchard;, cozy s
rocm cottage; good bam; tine water.
$400 down—s acres good land, with new,
hard finished cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
large brooder-house, 2 Incubators, brooders; all
farming tools; near Petaluma; price $2000.
$5600— -Only 1 mile of Hay wards; 87 acres
fine land: 4 acres bearing orchard; modern
house, 6 rooms and bath; finest barn in county,
alone cost $4000; fine view; this Is the best buy
In the vicinity.
LO DI 1 LODI.
We are subdividing a choice tract in 10-acre
lots; only 2% miles from town; surrounded by
modern homes and fine orchards and vineyard*;
soil rich, black, sandy loam. 12 feet deep;
school on the tract; $75 per acre; this will not
last over 30 days; first come, first served.
$1200 —10 acre* In vine and fruit belt, near
Lodl; sandy loam; 6-room house and barn.
Send stamp for the lajfgest and most diversi
fied printed list on the coast.
WHITE ft BAYLEY,
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St.. room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
INVEST YOUR MONEY IN LAND IN SUT
TER COUNTY.
$65 an acre buys choice orchard iand within
three miles of three large fruit canneries,
two dried fruit packing establishments and a
large wlnerv; best market center for all kinds
of fruit; the Butte County irrigation ditch
coming this way; surveys under way for
two electric line* to traverse thi* *ectlon
snd an overland road (the We«tern Pacific)
passing through here all point to a large m
creaae in land vt-lues; four dally passenger
trains to San Francisco each day now: no
other section offers a better opportunity for
profitable investment: also have some good
dredge mining propositions.
Address M. J. NEWKOM. Real Estat*
Dealer, 406 Second st., Marysvllle. Cal.
To Settle Order of Court Distribution.
GOLD BOND INVESTMENT.
26 PER CENT TO 80 PER CENT PROFIT.
110 acres San Joaquin delta land; under
lease; experts report this soil remarkably rich;
price very attractive.
HARRY L. HOLCOMB. 311 San Pablo aye.,
i OAKLAND. CAL.
' A SURE PLACE FOR A HOME.
We have a few Improved and unimproved
farma, situated in Santa Cruz and Monterey
counties, where there are no dry years; no
booms, no malaria; the best climate and water
in the State. Apply GAFFEY ft MAHON, 11
Montgomery St., San Francisco.
MBA.lt BBTATB—COUNTRT—Por Sal*.
ATTENTION, HOMESBEKERSI
Send postal for catalogue of the best land
bargain* in California. C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
648 Market st.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
Bargains, bargains, bargains, bargains.
$650^ —Corner Richmond aye. and 2d; 56x110
$1000—Corner Blseell and First; 60x112.
$750—Corner Chancellor and First; 60x112.
$660—Macdonald aye. near Third at.
$250 —First St., near Blssell.
$300—First *t., near Macdonald.
$650—Two lot*; big bargain; Chancellor *t..
near First; 62x112.
The above lot* are in th*
buslneaa center and are among th*
best investments in Point Richmond.
$10 per month will buy some
of them. J. W. LAYMANCB.
682 Market st,, room 10. 8. F.
BAN MATEO REAL ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK. LOMITA PARK.
LOMITA PARK.
On the line of San Mateo electrlo cars; 45
minutes from Fifth and Market sfs.
Sewer and water pipes laid.
Pure artesian water.
Lots $400 and up.
Outside the fog belt.
$10 to $50 down and $10 perynonth.
Go down and Investigate.
Maps sent on application.
SELBY, RODGERS A CO..
Main 673. 116 California st.
Also at Lomlta Park.
MENLO PARK REAL EBTATB.
A—MENLO PARK-FAm OAKS.
Large villa altea and traeta of from on* to
five acres, beautifully wooded and ready for
building; convenient to station and In best part
of Fair Oaks and Menlo Park; road work free
of expense to buyers; exceptionally easy terms;
finest climate in vicinity of city; unexcelled
educational facilities. For particulars write
SELBY, RODGERS ft CO.,
Main 673 116 California st.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A SNAP—SEE IT! "
I $1450—5250 cash, balance $15 per month;
new 5-room cottage; hot and cold water, bath
and toilet, high basement, brick foundation; 1
block to cars.
$6000—House of 8 large rooms; all modern
and up-to-date with a block of land; well,
windmill and tank, barn, chicken-house, fruit
trees; house coat more than I am asking for
the property.
$1850— New B-room cottage; high basement,
fine mantel, stationary tubs, baths, toilet, etc.;
large lot; one block from cars.
*2Mi«!— $800 cash, balance $25 per month; 8
large rooms, all modern; lot 50x138; fruit
trees; work all done.
$':00 to $600— Street work all done; $25 cash,
balance $5 and $10 per month.
$1500 —$320 cash, balance $15 per month; 4
large rooms; good well and city water; lot
40x135.
$2100^—$200 cash, balance $20 per month: 6
large rooms and bath; stationary washtubs;
fin" mantel, high basement; cement walks;
street work all done; 2 blocks to both trains.
$2200— $1100 cash, balance flat mortgage; B
room house; lot 76x100: 3 blocks to train; re
duced from $3000 for quick sale.
W. C. MORAN. South Berkeley.
NEW, modem, up-to-date houses 8 and 8
rooms. $2*oo to $3200 each. $250 to $500
cash, balance on terms to suit.
$2800—Beautiful new modem cottage, 6
rooms; fine view; $500 cash, balance to suit.
$2500 —New cottage, 5 rooms, 1 block from
stations; $200 cash, $25 per month,
UNIMPROVED.
$3500 —For a corner and lot adjoining In
the Berry Rangs Tract; want an offer; will
sacrifice for quick sale.
HEDEMARK A JACK CO.. Lotin-Berkeley.
City office 11 Montgomery »t.
FOR sale —Restaurant, with complete fixtures
and furnishings; • good paying business;
choice location, with lease; a snap.
We have good bargain* in houses and lots
In all parts of Berkeley. ALBEE A COR
YELL. 2139 Center St., Berkeley; Real Es
tate and Insurance.
FRUITVALE ADVT'SMNTS
FRUITVALE REAL EBTATB.
SN ETS'INOER A iktATTESON,
1214 Fruitvale aye., Fruitvale.
$2300—5-room cottage, only 2 blocks from sta
tion, In good location: high basement,
gas, electricity, city water, sewer, etc.;
only $100 down and easy payments for
balance.
$1«00— 5-room 2-story house, 2 blocks from two
car lines; lot 40x120; high ground; in
warm belt: near school; $100 down, bal
ance $2o per month.
$1250 —A neat 4-room cottage; lot 100x100;
well; more land at reasonable price; terms.
$1000 —B room house; lot 50x260; barn, chick
en-houses.
$4500 —B-room house; 2 acres of fine land, bam,
chicken-house, brooder-house; fruit trees,
berries, flowers; elegant location.
$1900 —4-room house and high basement; lot
50x125: close in; plenty of fruit, berries
and flowers; chicken-house; terms.
$2000 —6-room house; lot 80x120; fine location;
near electric car lines and school; never
occupied; small amount down; easy pay
ments.
A few cheap lots left; $6 down and $2 60 a
month.
SNETSINGER A MATTESON.
1214 Fruitvale aye.. Fruitvale. Cal.
FRUITVALE HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent—A new 6-room cottage. Forest St.,
Fruitvale.
FRUITVALE FLATS FOB SALE.
$500—NEWLY furnished flat with piano; T
ronma; 50c on the dollar. 3645 17th at,
OAKLAND ADVERrS'M'TS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
NEW handsomely furnished room; sunny and
very desirable; electric lights; bath; reason
able. 3208 Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
FURNISHED room In privats family: 8 blocka
to local train; references exchanged. 1264
Harrison 'st.. Oakland. ,
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOB SALE.
TO-MORROW th* day for bargains In furni
ture. H. Schelhsas.lltb St.. cor.store.Oakland.
San Francisco AdvertisemVs
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BIRCH aye., 23—Unfurnished housekeeping
rooms: running water.
BRYANT, 421—One or two nicely furnished
sunny rooms for housekeeping; gas.
ELLIS, 801—2 sunny nicely furnished house
keeping rooms; reasonable.
ELLIS. 717 —Furnished housekeeping rooms;
bath; gas; running water. ■
ELLIS, 717 —Furnished housekeeping rooms;
private; bath, gas, running water.
EDDY, 743—Fin* housekeeping rooms,2 or 4,
large, sunny, gas range, yard.
EDDY, 918, near Franklin—Very large room
for housekeeping; elegant entrance; modern
conveniences.
FULTON, 442—Sunny furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. .
GROVE, 361, near Gough—Furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 681—Single sunny
housekeeping room: reasonable.
HOWARD, 618 —Housekeeping room*; also
■Ingle; gas rang* free; all convenience*.
rooms for xormmwirHt—ocm.
HOWARD, 604% —A large front room and
kitchen for housekeeping; no objection to
children; $2 25 per week.
HOWARD, 629—Two room*, furnished for
housekeeping; suitable for man and wife.
HYDE!, 410—Housekeeping rooms to let.
JACKSON, 964—Furnished sunny large front
housekeeping rooms; $8 to $10.
KEARNY, 104—Sunny unfurnished front suites
of 2 and 3 rooms; running water, bath; 811.
$18. $20.
LAGUNA, 908—2, 8 or 4 front sunny connect
ing rooms; gas ranges; running water;
cheap.
LANGTON. 16, near 7th. off Howard—3 neat
ly furn. rooms for housekeeping: reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH, 1012—8 unfurnished looms.
HoALLISTER, 907—2 nicely furnished sunny
bay-window rooms and bath; 818.
MISSION, 1148—Front suite of 4 rooms, feSaV
plete for housekeeping, $20; single front
room, $8. .
OAK, 117—Rooms, complete, housekeeping; $8
to $12; gas range; hot bath; adults
O'FARRELL, 1127—Two rooms for light house
keeping.
|
BHOTWELL, 626—2 sunny furnished room*
for light housekeeping; bath; piano.
VALENCIA, 909—8 or 4 nice sunny rooms;
complete for housekeeping; bath; gas range:
very convenient; no children wanted.
WALLER, 71—Regular dining-room and kitch
en, furn, complete, $20; smaller suite, $12.
WASHINGTON. 1025%, near Mason—Unfur
'nlahed suite; kitchen adjoining if wanted
MILL VALLEY HOUSEKFNO BOOMS.
FURNISHED single or housekeeping rooms; 3
minutes' walk, from station. Gardener Villa.
Millwood
APAHTMBNT HOUSES.
JUST opened; The Lorain* apartments, 730
O'Farrell, bet. Hyde and. Larkin; 2 and 3
room*; new and modern; price* reasonable.
APA»--_BTS WAITTEP.
WANTED—A completely furnished modern 4
room apartment. Add res*, with terms, box
4603, Call offlce.
WANTED—To rent apartment of >or 8 rooms,
furnished. Box 4702, Call offlce.
BOOMS TO LET—Furn. and Unfora.
A—BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth St.—Rooms
850 to $1 per night, $1 28 to $5 per week snd
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ATKINS, corner Third st. and Park lan*—New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water; electric lights; only flrst-class house
in locality; rooms $1 60 week and up
AT "The Almonte," 878 Market it (or Ma 1
Fifth st.)—Rooms. 25c to 50c. $1, $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
A NEW corner building; sunny rooms; fresh
snd dean; every modern convenience. The
Sahleln, SW. cor. Polk and Bush sts.
BELMOND Houa*; over Owl drug stor*; 2 en
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk —Bleotrt -
light*, running water in •v*ry room; 200
rooms; 26c to 500 per night: $1 26 to $8 week.
BAKER, 608—- furnl*hed room.
BROADWAY. 721—Two sunny front room*.
BROADWAY, 1101—Sunny front room.
BRODERICK, 1212—On* sunny furnished
room.
BRYANT. 026—Furnished room.
BRYANT. 900 —Furnished room to let.
BUCHANAN. 1324—Furnished rooms to l*t
-Ay ZZZ_
BUCHANAN, 1828—Room to It.
BUSH, 806— Alcove and single rooms for gentle
men with references; private family.
BUSH 1253—Large front room, suitable for 2:
bath', clothe* cloaet; $10 month.
BUSH, 1942—Elegantly furnished room, suit
able for a gentleman.
CALIFORNIA, 1268, near Leavezrworth—Nice
■unny front room, furnished.
EDDY, 884—CI—— sunny front reo—; fl 50 up.
ELLIS. 460—Th* Plerpont, Mrs, J. H Babbit
mgr.': An* sunny rooms, single or en suite.
FELL, 241 —A sunny unfurnished room la a
privst* family.
FRONT room, with mantel, in private family;
not far out; single lady preferred. Box
4416, Call office.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission-—Room* 850
to $1 95 night; $1 60 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HOFF aye., 27, off Sixteenth at., near Mla
■ion—Nicely furnished front room; suitable
for on* or two gentlemen.
HOWARD, 716—Furnished rooms single or
double; central location.
JESSIE, 367—Nice furnished front rooms from
$1 per week up.
KEARNY, 828—Room for office.
LEAVENWORTH, 513—Large sunny rooms,
suitable for two.
MARKET, 719—Furnished rooms; n*wly reno
vated: double or single; day. week, month
MARKET, 1049 (The Falmouth) —Sunny rooms;
$2 50 to $7 week; baths; elevator; also hskpg
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third St.—4oo
single and family rooms 35c to $1 60 per day.
$2 to $8 week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San .Francisco
that has offlce on ground floor, hot and gold
water, electric lights call bells, steam heat
in every room and gives free bath* and ele
vator day and night to its guest*.
NATOMA. 282, near Fourth—To let, 6 rooms;
upper floor; rent $12
NINTH, 157 —A well-furnished sunny front
room snd others; gas and bath.
OAK GROVE aye., 19, between sth and Bth.
off Harrison—Large front alcove room; sun
ny, gas, bath, laundry, yard.
OFARRELL, 208— Nicely furnished, sunny
front rooms; also single, suitable 2 gentle
men. ___
O'FAJRREfLL, 908—Single furnished room, $4
month; double, $10.
POWELL, 317—Furnished rooms; central; rea
sonable.
POWELL, 415—Sunny room; suitable for 2
gentlemen; $11 month.
PINE, 827—Sunny furnished rooms for gentle
men; private family; $8 sad $10.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 El 1 is—lnoande*<-ent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par
lor; rooms per night. 850 to $1 60; week. $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms With hot snd cold water; baths.
I SECOND. 212—Furnished rooms to let.
"THE LAUNSTON," 110 Eddy--Flrst-ola»»
transient rooms §n«*t and quiet.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 4082— Three sunny rooms;
bath, gas; unfurnished; rent $12.
TURK, 42—Sunny furniahed rooms; single and
en suite; day. week, month. ______
TURK, 123—Clean, sunny furnished rooms,
with board; suits or slngl*; $6 up
VALENCIA, 210—Large sunny room; private
family. Call Sundaya or evenings. ,
VALENCIA. 688— Large pleasant nicely fur
nished room; private; suitable for two per
sons; $9.
VHNDOM& 1104 Market—Furn. room*, suite
or single; suite $6 week up. 15 Turk. _
UNITED STATES, 128 Eddy. nr. Market—4oo
rooms 36c to $1 night, $1 73 to $6 week; elec
tric lights (no gas), running water «n every
room; •'evator^read^room;, fre* bus baggage.
WOULtTrent to refined gentleman sunny room
In Jackson-st. flat; use of bath an d tele
phone; reference required. Box 48~. can.
WINCHESTER Hotel 44 Sd St.. nr Market-
Most convenient and respectable. '60 rooms,
85c to $1 60 nightly; $2 to $8 week: elevator;
else light*: reading-room: free bus, baggage.
A BRANCH "offlce of The Call ~oep
tlon of advertisement, and
been opened at 1008 Market st, opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
Oontlrjued on P«fS Too.
910
BOOMS AND
* HOTEL, Baltimore, IC',5 Van Ness ave.—First
class hotel, on American plan; families es
pecially; elegant rooms, all modern and every
convenience; very sunny; fine vie - s; table
. unsurpassed. H. C. .SHANNON. Proprietor.
HOTEL • L'AICLON. 501 Geary St.— Large,
sunhv rooms, board; suites, with board for 2,
$50 month; single, with board, $25 up; special
family rates; just renovated.
REFINED widow from t'ae East, stranger,
having sunny flat, would like to meet lady
to share expenses of home; only refined, cul
tivated person need apply. Box 4894. Call.
CHURCH. :101—Well furnished front room*,
with or without board; corner flat; prlvat*
• family; reasonable. ________________
ALCOVE room or suite with board for young
oouple; $00 or $«0; east of Fillmore. Box
4429 Call office. _____________
CALIFORNIA. 807—Best rooms, tabls and ser
vice 1n the city for th* least money.
ELLIS. 463—Nice furnished rooms; best eC
French table board; very reasonable.
JONES, 484, fist B—Suite, With bath, and
single rooma; board; new house; no signs.
SACRAMENTO, 1108— Room and board I $8
per week.
TABLE board can be had by th* day at 800
Folk at.; reasonable. _______
FRANKLIN, 1109—Sunny suite; also slngis
rooms, with excellent board.
HOTEL Com ore, 621 O'Farrell—Dollar for dol
lar in rdoms, table and service.
VALENCIA. 988—Large sunny bay-window
room, excellent board; *uitable for ooupl*.
TURK, 1160 —Large front parlor, with good
board, for 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
HOWARD. 841 A—Sunny rooms, with board, $8
week; American family; horn* oooklng.
TO let—Nicely furnished rooms with board;
reasonable. 00 Height st.
TWO nicely furnished rooma sunny, horns
cooking. 700 Broderlck at.
—S—BBSSBBBS—B ————————I
BOOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
A SINGLE gentleman would Ilk* board snd
room with another gentleman. Address box
4602. Call office. _ _ I
WANTED—Suite of rooms and board for mar- j
ried couple; give terms Box 4701. Call office.
BO ANTED.
WANTED—4 unfurnlehed rooma or small flat;
close in. Box 4561. Call office.
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT.
NOTICE of Restoration of Public Lands to
Settlement and Entry—Department of the j
Interior, General Land Offlce, Washing
ton, D. C, October 7, 1904: Notice is here
by given that, on September 20, 1904, the
Acting Secretary of the Interior restored to
settlement the public lands In the following
.described areas, which were temporarily
that the said public lands so restored to set
tlement on September 20. 1904. will become
. withdrawn for forest resarve purposes; and '
' subject to entry, filing and selection at th* I
respective United States Land Offices for
tbe several Land Districts in which the
land* He, viz.: Visalia. Stockton, Sacra
mento, Marysville. SusanvlUe* and Redding,
California, on January 31, 1905: Township
twenty-eight »2S) South, Range twenty-eight
(28) East; Township twenty-eight (28) |
South, Range twenty-nine (29) East; Town- I
ship twenty-seven i 27) South. Range twen- i
ty-eight (28) East; Township twenty-eeven 1
(27) South, Range twenty-nine (29) East; i
Township twenty-six (26) South. Range
twenty-nine (29) East: Township twen- I
ty - six (26) South. Range thirty (30) |
East; Township twenty-five (25) South.
Range twenty-nine (29) East; Town
ship twenty-five (25) South, Range thirty '
(30) East; Township twenty-four (24) South. >
Range twenty-nine (29) East; s Township \
twenty-four (24) South. Range thirty (30)
East; Township twenty-three (23) South, i
Range twenty-nine (29) East; Township j
twenty-two (22) South, Range twenty- ■
nine (29) East; Township twenty-one (21) j
South, Range twenty-nine (29) East; Town- I
ship twenty (20) South, Range twenty-eight I
(28) East; Township twenty (20) South, Range :
twenfy-nlne (29) East; Township nineteen
(19) South, Range twenty-eight (28) East, '■
Township nineteen (19) South. Range twen- I
ty-nlne (29) East; Township eighteen (18)
Eouth, Range twenty-eight (28) East; Town- j
•hip eighteen (18) South, Range twen
ty-nine (29) East: Township seventeen !
(17) South, Range twenty-seven (27) !
East; Township seventeen (17) South Range i
twenty-eight (28) East; Township" seven
teen (17) South, Range twenty-nine '(it)
East; Township sixteen (16) South, Ranga
twenty-elx (26) East: Township sixteen (16) i
South. Range twenty-seven (27) East; in |
Township sixteen (16) South, Range twenty- j
eight-(28) East, Sections four (4), five (5), |
six (6). seven (7). eight (8), nine (9), and j
Sections fifteen (15) to thirty-six (36), both I
inclusive; Township fifteen (15) South '
Range twenty-six (26) East; Township flf- I
teen <16) South, Range twenty-seven (27i i
East; in Township fifteen (15) South, Range
twenty-eight (28) East. Sections three (3) I
to nine (9), both inclusive, sixteen (16) to
twenty-one (21), both inclusive, and twenty
eight (28) to thirty-three (33), both inclu
sive; Township fourteen (14) South Range
twenty-five (25) East; Township 'fourteen
(14) South, Range twenty-six (26) East-
Township fourteen (14) South, Range
twenty-seven (27) East; Township thir- I
teen (13) South, Range twenty - four I
|24) East: Township thirteen (13) South 1
Range twenty-five (25) East; i n Township I
thirteen (13) South. Range twenty-six (26) I
East, west half of Section four (4), Sections i
five (6), six (6>, seven (7), eight (8), NW \L '
of Section nine (9), Sections seventeen (17) |
eighteen (IS), nineteen (19), twenty (20), and' I
Sections twenty-five (25) to thirty-six (36) !
both inclusive; Township twelve (12) South' 1
Range twenty-four (24) Eaet; in Township '
twelve (12) South, Range twenty-flve (25)
Bast, Sections four (4). five (5), six (6), aeven
(7) . eight (8). nine (9), Sections sixteen (IB)
to twenty-one (21), both inclusive, all of
Sections twenty-two (22), twenty-three (23)
twenty-four (24). lying south of Kings River'
and- Sections twenty-flve (25) to thirty-six
(36.), both inclusive; Township eleven (11) i
South, Range twenty-three (23) East; Town
ship eleven (11) South. Range twenty-four
(24)' East; in Township eleven (11) South.
Range twenty-five (25) Eaet, Sections five
(s)j six (6), seven (7). eight (8), nine (9)
6ection* sixteen (16) to twenty-one (21)'
both Inclusive, and Sections twenty-eight
(28) to thirty-three (33), both inclusive-
Township ten (10) South, Range twenty-two
<22> East; Township ten (10) South Rang
twenty-three (23) East; Township ten (10)
South, Range twenty-four (24) East; Town
ship nine (9) South. Range twenty-two (22)
East; in Township nine (9) South Range
twenty-three (23) East, that part of Section
eighteen (18) lying south of the San Joaquin
River, Section nineteen (19), that part of 1
Eection#twenty (20) lying west of the San
JOaquln River, that part of Section twenty- '
nine (29) lying west of the San Joaquin
Btrer. Sections thirty (30) and thirty-one :
(81) , that part of Section thirty-two (32) '
lying aouth of the San Joaquin River that 1
part of Section thirty-three (33) lying'south
of the San Joaquin River, Section thirty-four I
(34) and S % and NW U cf Section thirty- '
«ye; Township eight (6) South, Range twen- 1
ty (20) East; Township eight (g) South I
Range twenty-one (21) East; In Township
eight (8) South, Range twenty-two (22) East !
Sections seven (7) to thirty-six (36). both
Inclusive. Township eeven (7) South, Range
twenty (20) East; In Township seven (7)
South, Range twenty-one (21) East, Sec
tions six (6) to eleven (11), both Inclusive,
Sections fourteen (14> to twenty-three (23)
both inclusive, and Sections twenty-six (26)
to thirty-six (36), both inclusive; Township
six (6) South, Range nineteen (19) East; Town,
ship six (6) South, Range twenty (20) East-
Township five (5) South, Range nineteen (1»>
East; Township five (5) South, Range twen
ty (20) East; in Township ten (10) North
Range eighteen (18) East. Sections one (1).
two (2). eleven (11), twelve (12). thirteen
(13) , fourteen (14), twenty-three (23), twen
ty-four (24),. twenty-flve (20), twenty-six
(26) and twenty-seven (27); Township nine
teen (19) North, Range seven (7) East; Town
ship twenty (20) North. Range aeven (7) East;
in Township twenty (20) North, Range eight
(8) East. Sections one (1) to thirty-thre*
(o3), both inclusive; Township twenty-four
<24) North, Range two (2) Eaet; Township
twenty-four (24) North. Range three (3)
East; Township twenty-four (24) North.
Range- four (4) East; in Township twenty
(20) North. Range fifteen (10) East. Sections
two (2), four (4). five (s)§ six (6) and eight
(8); in Townsb.p twenty 120) North, Range
•Sxteen (16) Esst, Sections two (2), three (3),
eleven (11), thirteen (13) and fourteen (14);
S % of Township twenty-one (21) North,
Range fifteen (15) East; Township twenty
tne (21) North, Range sixteen (16) East; la
Township twenty-two (22) North. Range
fourteen (14) East. Sections three (3) to ten
(10). both inclusive, fifteen (16) to twenty
two (22). both inclusive, and twenty-seven
(27) to thirty-four (31). both Inclusive; In
Township twenty-two (22) North, Range six
teen (16) East, Sections one (1) to three (3),
both lnc!y-lve, nine (0) to sixteen (16), both
inclusive, twenty-one (21) to twenty-eight
(28) , both Inclusive, and thirty-two (32) to
thirty-six (36), both Inclusive; Township
twenty-two (22) North, Range seventeen (17)
East; Township twenty-two (22) North
Range eighteen (18) East; in Township
twenty-three t23) North, Range fourteen
(14) East, Sections thirteen (13), twenty-four
(24), twenty-flve (25). twenty-six (26), twen
ty-seven (27), twenty-eight (28), thirty-two
(82) . thirty-three (33). thirty-four (34).
thirty-five (36) and thirty-six (36); in Town
ship twenty-three (23) North, Range fifteen
(13) East, Sections thirteen (13) to eighteen
(18) . both Inclusive; in Township twenty
three (23) North, Range sixteen (16) East,
Sections eleven (11), twelve (12). thirteen
<13) <»nd fourteen (14): In Township twenty
three (23) North, Range seventeen (17) East,
Sections one (1) to five (5), both Inclusive,
and Sections seven (7) to lhlrty-slx (3«).
both inclusive; Township twenty-three (23)
North. Range eighteen (18) Eaa:: in Town
ship twenty-four (24) North, Range nine (9)
East, Sections ten (10), eleven (11). twelve
(12), thirteen (13), fourteen (14). fifteen |15),
Sixteen (16), twenty-one (21), twenty-two
UNITED_STATE S GOVERNMENT—-Con.
\_2), twenty-three (23) and twenty-four (24);
in Township twenty-four (24) North, Range
seventeen (17) East, Sections one (1) to four
(4), both inclusive, E % of Section five (5),
E V- of Section eight (8). Sections nine (U)
to sixteen (16), both Inclusive, Sections twen
ty-two (22) to twenty-seven (27), both Inclu
tive, and Sections thirty-three (33) to
thirty-six (36), bath inclusive; Town
ship twenty-four (24) North. Range
eighteen (18) East; in Township twenty
five <25) North, Range sixteen (16) East.
Sections one (1). two (2), three (3), ten (10),
eleven (11), twelve (12), thirteen (13;, four
teen (14), twenty-three (23). twenty-four (24)
and twenty-five (26): Township twenty-flve
(26) North, Range seventeen (17) East:
Township twenty-flve (25) North, Range
eighteen (18) East; in Township twenty-six
(26) North, Range ten (10) East, Section*
one (1), five (6) six (6). seven (7), eight (8),
nine (9), twelve (12). N % of Section thir
teen (13). Sections fourteen (14), sixteen
(16), seventeen (17). eighteen (18). Sections
nineteen (19* to twenty-three (23), both in
clusive. Section* twenty-six (26) to thirty
(80), both inclusive, and Section thirty-five
(36); in Township twenty-six (26) North.
Range fifteen (15) East. Sections one (1).
two (2). three (3). N V» cf Section Aye (0),
N U of Section six (6), and Sections eleven
(11) and twelve (12); In Township twenty
seven (27) North. Range twelve (12) East,
Sections twenty-three (23) and twenty-four
(24); in Township twenty-seven (27) North,
Range fourteen (14) East, Section* eigbt (8),
nine (9), fifteen (15), sixteen (16), twenty
two (22), twenty-three (23), twenty-four
<24) twenty-five (25), twenty-six (26), thirty
five (35) and thirty-six (36); Township twen
ty-eight (28) North, Range nine (9) East;
in Townahlp twenty-eight (28) North. Range
thirteen (13) East, Section* twenty-four (24)
and twenty-flve (25); in Township thirty
four (34) North, Range ten (10) West. Sec
tions seven (7), eight (8). nine (9), sixteen
(16), seventeen (17), eighteen (18), nine
teen (19), twenty (20). twenty-one (21).
twenty-eight (28), twenty-nine (29). thirty
(30), tbirty-one (31). thirty-two (32) and
thirty-three (33); in Township thirty-four
(34) North, Range seven (7) West, Sections
twenty-flve (25), thirty-flve (35) and thirty
six (36); Townahlp thirty-four (34) North.
Range six C 6) Wept; Township thirty-four
(34) North. Range five (6) West; N ft of
Township thirty-four (34) North. Range four
(4) West; Township thirty-flve (35) North.
Range Aye (6) West; Township thirty-flve
(36) North, Range four (4) West; Township
thirty-flve (35) North, Range three (3) West;
Township thirty-flve (35) North, Range two
(2) West: W % of Township thirty-flve (35)
North, Range one (1) West; S % of Township
thirty-six (36) North, Range four (4) West;
Township •Jhlrty-Btx (36) North, Range three (3)
West; Township thirty-six (36) North, Range
four (4) East; Township thirty-seven (37)
North, Range four (4) Eaet; Township thirty
nine (39) North. Range three (3) West;
Township thirty-nine ((39) North, Range two
(2) West; in Township forty (40) North,
Range eight (8) West, Sections two (2), three
(8). ten (10) snd fifteen (15); In Township
forty-one (41) North, Range eight (8) West.
Sections one (1), two (2), three (3), ten (10),
eleven (11). twelve (12), thirteen (13). four
teen (14), fifteen (15), twenty-two (22), twen
ty-three (23), twenty-four (24) twenty-flve
(28), twenty-six (26), twenty-seven (27),
thirty-four (34) and thirty-flve (36); In
Township forty-one (41) North, Rang; .even
(7) West. Sections two (2), thre* (8), four
(4). five (5), six (6), seven (7). eight (8),
nine (9). ten (10), sixteen (16), seventeen (17),
eighteen (18), nineteen (19) and twenty (20);
all of Mount Diablo Meridian. California.
W. A. RICHARDS, Commissioner.
Approved: THOB. RYAN. Acting Secretary
of th- Tn»—t—
_ STORAGE ANDWA.REHOUSES.
A—EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725
-731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 10 Drumm St.;
phone Main 31; JOHN F. COOPER, pres. ;|
furniture moved, packed, shipped, and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co.. of
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com
pany, 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
-JEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
st.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE—Phoenix Sav7ngX~H~*
L. Association —For the six months ending
December 30, 1904. dividends have been de
clared as follows: On Participating Stock at
the r_te of 9 per cent per annum; on Term
Certificates at the rate of 5 per cent per
annum; on Ordinary Savings Accounts at the
rate of 4 H per cent per annum, free of taxes
and payable on and after January 20. 1905.
The Phoenix has a guarantee capital of
$200,000 and a total paid-lp capital of $1.
-500,000. Its board of directors are: A. A.
Watkins. president; Charles R. Bishop, vice
president: S. Prentiss Smith, treasurer;
George C. Boardman, director; Gavin Mc-
Nab, director: Charles E. Ladd, director.
CLARENCE GRANGE,
Secretary and Managing Director.
DIVIDEND Notice—Claremont Oil Company
will pay on February 1 its regular monthly
dividend. No. 8, of one (1c) cent per share
on its Issued capital stock, amounting to
forty-five hundred ($4500) dollars, at the
offieo of the company, 731 Mills bldg., San
Francisco. Transfer books close January 2b,
at 5 o'clock p. •m.
GEO. J. REMINGTON, Secretary.
NOTICE of Dividend—The seventh monthly
dividend of 5 cents per share on the pre
ferred stock of the United Milk Company
has been declared and ia now payable at
jS24__Montgornery St.. San Francisco.
! PK-OPOSAT.S.
! deTaju^menFof^t^
; INGTON, D. C, Jan. 9. lOoo.—Sealed pro
j posals will be received at the office of the
United States Reclamation Service, 1108
I Braly building, Los Angeles, Cal., until 2
j o'clock p. m., March 15, 1905, for the con
struction of the Laguna dam and sluice
ways, involving the excavation of about
282.000 cubic yards of earth, excavation of
about 306,000 cubic yards of solid rock,
placing of about 305,000 cubic yards of solid
rock In the dam and masonry core walls,
building of about 27,150 cubic yards of con
crete, laying of about 80,000 square yards of
paving and furnishing and driving of about
53.000 linear feet of sheet piling, for the di
version of a part of the Colorado River
about ten miles nertheast of Yuma, Ariz.
Bids will be received for the entire work
Specifications, form of proposal and particu
lars may be obtained by application to the
Chief Engineer, United States Reclamation
Service, Washington, D. C.; to J. B. Lipptn
cott. Supervising Engineer, United States
Reclamation Service, 1108 Braly building
Los Angeles, Cal., or to Homer Hamlin)
Engineer, United States Reclamation Ser
vice, Yuma, Ariz., at whose offices the plans
may be inspected. Each bid must be ac
companied by a certified check for ten thou
sand ($10,000) dollars, payable to the order
of the Secretary of the Interior, as a guar
anty that the bidder will, If succcessful,
promptly execute a satisfactory contract and
furnish bond In the sum of 20 per cent of
the contract price for the faithful perform
ance of the work. The. right is reserved to
reject any or all btds, to accept one part and
reject the other, and to waive technical de
fects as the interests of the service may re
. quire. Proposals must be marked "Pro
posals I>aguna Dam. Yuma Project, Califor
i nia." Bidders are invited to be present
when bids are opened. E. A. HITCHCOCK,
i Secretary.
j ... I
REDEMPTION BONDS.
1 "
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS—
Notice Is hereby given that, pursuant to the
provision of article eight of the mortgage
from this company to the Central Trust Com
pany of New York, trustee, dated August 1,
18'JU, this company has set apart out of the
net income derived by it from the lines of
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of twen
ty-five thousand dollars in trust to be used
to redeem said bonds, and that bonds issued
under said mortgage will be redeemed there
with. Bids are hereby invited for the sur
rendet of such bonds at prices to be named
by the bidders, to the amount of $26,670 80,
l.i the sinking fund. Such bids should be
i presented to this company at Its offlce, 120
Broadway, in the city of New York, on or
before the 14th day of February, 1905, at 12
o'clock noon, and should be indorsed "Bids
for Surrender of Central .Pacific Railway
Company First Refunding Bonds." -
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
By E. H. HARRIMAN, President
New York. January 16, 1905.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY
(OF CALIFORNIA)—FIRBT CONSOL
IDATED MORTGAGE FIVE PER CENT
GOLD BONDS OF 1893—Notice Is hereby
given that the board of directors of this
company has determined to use to redeem
First Consolidated Mortgage Five Per Cent
Gold Bonds oi the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company (of California) $20,477 72 now in
the sinking; fund for the redemption and pay
ment of bonds of that Issue, and that bonds
of such Issue will be redeemed therewith
Bids are hereby Invited for the surrender of
such bonds at prices to be named by the
bidders. Such bids should be deposited with
Andrew K. Van Deventer, assistant treas
urer of the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany, at his office, 120 Broadway New York
City, at or before 12 o'clock noon, on the
14th day of February. 1905, and should be
lndoi>eq ;Bids for Surrender of Southern
Pacific Railroad Company (of California)
Five Per Cent 80nd3."
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY
? y ?' H HARRIMAN. President. '
New York. January If! 1905.
NOTICE TO BTOCKMOLPEHS.
NOTICE.—The annual meeting of
holders of THE RIGHTWAY SHOE CO
will bo held at the office of said corporation.
- No. 812. 814 Market r,U In the City and
County of San Francisco, State of Califor
nia, on the 30th day of January, 1906, at
8 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing
directors and for the transaction of such
other business as may be brought before
said meeting. The stock transfer books will
be closed at 1 o'clock p. m. January 80, 1905,
and remain closed until 10 o'clock a. m.
January 31, 1905.
H. E. TREMBLE, Secretary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1905.
SFECriAL NOTICES.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society hereby gives notice that it has ad
mitted into the orphanage from July 1, 1904
to December 31, 1904. the following named
orrhans and , half orphans, boys and girls,
viz: Marian Newman, aged 7 years and '£
months; Nathan Lmdeman, 12 years and 11
months, and Charles Llndeman, 11 years and
11 months.
» ■ ' '
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
WE show the best and finest collection of
sowing machines in th* world; prices from
$4 to $100. WHITE SEWING MACHINE
CO.. 915 Market st.
DOMESTIC —The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domea
tlo offlce. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand. $3. $5. $8; slightly
ueed, $10, $15, $20; you know where the dolls
swing in the window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission st.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Th*
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California at,
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 808 Market.
VTA - X. ,
A WAY to health; mothers* snd daughter*'
home treatment; booklet free; write for It.
VIAVI CO., Van Neas. Phone East 282.
STUTTERING ANT) STAMMERING.
S4ELB7SUR N E~ syst
621 Franklin. Inquire 621 Franklin. 8 to 12
BIRTHS—MARRIAGES—DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must b* handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the Dame and residence of per
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
MARRIED.
BCHMIDLIN—LEHNER—In this «lty. Jan
uary 15, 1905 by the Rev. Paul firanke,
Frederick Schmidlln of San Mateo. Cal., and
Anna Lehner of this city, to
DIED.
Banner. Sophia A.—2. Kanltz. Morlts—9s.
Casey. Ann—76. [Kelly. Sabrea A.—6o.
Casserly Patrick—76. iMcMullen. Annie—B2.
Cleary, Patrick. i Phillips. Raymond—27
Fleming, Honora—B2. ! Strobel. Frederick—29.
Fraser, Hannah—42. I Sullivan, Leo—lß.
Guignard. Harry—49. Teaney. Rose—6o.
Hilton. Esther A.—7B.[Timm. Rosa Marie—S3
Hoover Marl* E. Vincent. Agnes C.
Hunt, Henry 0.—63. I
BENNBR—At . Point Reyes Station, Marin
County. Sophia Alice, oaly and beloved
daughter of Clarence 8. and Elva F. Ben- j
ncr of Bolinas, Cal.. a native of Eureka, ,
Cal.. aged 2 years 9 months and 6 days. I
CF Funeral will take place Wednesday,
January 25, from the residence of her grand- |
father. G. T. Johnson, 1306 Fourteenth
street. Eureka. Cal. Remains at the parlors
Of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street, until j
11 o'clock. Monday. I
CASEY—In this city, January 21, 1905,. Mary I
Ann beloved wife of Andrew Casey, and ]
mother of Joe Casey, aged 75 years. (Phlla- j
delphia, Pa., papers please copy.)
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day i
(Monday) at 10 o'clock a. m., from Mission 1
Dolores Church, comer Sixteenth and Dolores :
streets, where services will be held. Inter- j
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CASSERLY—In this city, January 20. 1905, |
Patrick casserly, a native of Roscommon, j
Ireland, aged 76 years. A member of the j
Gentlemen's Sodality of St. Ignatius Church.
CFThe funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the !
parlors of Carew & English. 29 Van Ness
avenue, thence to St. Ignatius Church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the 1
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock, j
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric '
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
CLEARY—In this city. January ,22. 1906. at
his residence. 1303 Sanchez street. Patrick,
beloved husband of the late Jane Cleary,
and beloved father of Timothy, Henry and
Katie Cleary and Mrs. F. Danton, a native
of County Tlpperary, Ireland. A member
of Division No. 1. A. O. H., B. of E.
CFNotlce of funeral hereafter.
FLEMING —In this city, January 19, 1905,
Honors, beloved wife of the late Bartholo
mew Flemlnar. and devoted mother of Dr.
B. F., Charles, Ella and H. Josephine Flem
ing and Mrs. Mary Jones, and sister of Mrs.
M. J. Fordham. a native of County Gal way,
Ireland, aged 62 years 8 months and 9 days.
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, Stelner and Bush streets,
where a solemn requiem high mass will bo
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com
mencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FRASER—In this city, January 22. 1905.
Hannah, beloved wife of W. H. Fraser. and |
pi.stcr of W. P. Nolan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 42 years.
CFFriends are Invited to attend the
funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1:30 p. m.,
from the parlors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mis
sion street. Interment private.
GUIGNARD—In this city. January 22. 1906,
Harry, beloved husband of Llna Guignard,
a native of Memphis. Term., aged 49 years
6 months and 18 days.
CF Court Defiance No. 23. F. of A. —
Officers and members are requested to as
semble at Dlerks' undertaking parlors, 432
Golden Gate avenue, on Tuesday. January
24. 1905. at 2 p. m. sharp, to attend the
funeral of P. C. R. Harry Guignard. Inter
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. By order
CHARLES FRANKLIN. C. R.
Attest: AARON WASCH. Secretary.
HILTON —In Benlcla, January 22, 1905, Esther
A. Hilton beloved mother of Charles C
Hilton and Mrs. W. H. Garretson, a native
of Damarlscotta, Me., aged 75 years and
6 months.
C 7* Funeral Tuesday. January 24. at 2
p. m.. from her late residence. Benlcla, Cal.
HOOVER—In this city. January 22, 1905.
Marie E., beloved wife of George 8. Hoover,
and mother of the late Harry G. Poole.
CF Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
January 24, at 10 a. m., from her late resi
dence, 634 Valencia street. Interment Cy»
press Lawn Cemetery.
HUNT—In Oakland, January 22. 1906. at 4208
Piedmont avenue. Henry 0.. beloved son of
Mrs. Jonathan Hunt, a native of Massachu
setts, aged 63 years 3 months and 20 days.
A member of Live Oak Lodge No. 61, F.
and A. M.
KANITZ—In this city, January 21, 1905,
Morltz, relict of Rosalia Kanitz, and beloved
father of Mrs. S. Hart and Mrs. A. Stolz,
a native of Budapest, Hungary aged 95
years.
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 10 a, m., at his late
residence, 1420 Post street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 a. m. train from I
Third and Townsend streets depot.
KELLY—In East Oakland, January 22 1906,
at her residence. 368 East Eighteenth street,
Sabrea Annie, beloved wife of Lawrence A. '
Kelly, and mother of Mrs. W. H. Garey, a !
native of Oakwood, Canada, aged 60 years |
3 months and 6 days.
McMULLEN—In this city. January 21. 1906, I
Annie, beloved wife of Thomas McMullen, !
and loving daughter of John and Ellen i
Cornish, a native of Washington, aged 32 i
years and 11 months.
CF Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow I
(Tuesday), at 9:30 a. m.. from the parlors <
of Carew & English* 29 Van Ness avenue. |
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services i
at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. I
PHILLIPS —In Larkspur. Marin County, Jan- j
vary 22. 1905, Raymond E.. dearly beloved '
6on of Cora E. and the late John S. '
Phillips and brother of Harry W. Arthur I
R. and Ella Phillips and the late Hattie C.
Phillips, a native, of San Francisco, aged 27
years 7 months and 9 days.
CF Remains at the parlors of Porter &
White. 423 Golden Gate avenue. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
BTROBEL—In this city, January 21, 1905,
Frederick George, dearly beloved and only
son of Christina and the late Jacob Freder
ick Strobel, and devoted brother of Chris
tina and Gertrude Strobel, a native of San
Francisco, aged 29 years 9 months and 17
dayk
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 a. m., from the residence
of his mother, 1151 Folsom street, between
Seventh and Eighth, thence to St. Boniface's
Church, Golden Gate aye., between Jones and
Leavenworth streets, where a requiem high
tnaes will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SULLIVAN —In Banning, Cal.. January 19,
1905, Leo, idolized son of Mrs. James A.
Brien and the late Dennis W. Sullivan, and
beloved stepson of "James A. Brien, and de
voted brother of James J. Sullivan, a na
tive of San Francisco, aged 13 years and
11 'months.
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 p. m., from his late real
James McGinn. HenryliansenTl
JAMES McGINN A CO.,
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
• Funeral Directors and Embalmers
2H Eddy «t. Tel. East 86.
dcnce, 219 Franklin street thence to St.
Joseph's Church where services will he
held at 2 p. m. interment Holy Cross Cem
etery.
TEANEY—In this city, January 20, 1905, Ros*
Teaney. lellct of the late William Teaney, a
native of Ireland aged 60 years.
(CThe funeral will take plac* to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 a. m. from her late resi
dence, 207 Minna street, near Third, thence
to St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repoae
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 a. m.
train from Third and Townsend streets.
TIMM—In this city January 22 1005. Rosa
Marl*, beloved wife of Henry Timm. and
sister of Mrs. Mary England and Robert
Wicker, a native of Soquel. Santa Cruz
County, Cal.. aged 83 years 4 months and
22 days.
VINCENT—In this city January 22 1906,
Agnes c, wife of George Walker Vincent,
and beloved mother of Mrs. A, L. Dennison
and Sue C. Vincent, a native of New York
City.
tCFFunera! services at 2:30 p. m. January
23, at 1565 Clay street. Interment privat*.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 21.
Clara E. Worth to Maybelle Nepbt*_y. lot
on N line of Paclflo street, 2UO B of Franklin,
E 80 by N 187:8; 810.
Hotallng Estate Company to Mario L. Fe
rasso, lot on N line of Green street, 211:7 4-8
Van Ness avenue, W 27:8 by N 187:8;
Edward F. and Sarah E. Cluln to Henry
Meyer, lot on NW comer of Bush and Laguna
streets, W 87:8 by N 28; 210.
Ellen Dore and John H. and Charlotte E.
Horrlgan (Dore) to United Railroads of San
Francisco, lot on SW corner of Laguna and
Jefferson streets, W 125 to Pueblo Lands, NE
to Laguna, N to beginning; 110.
Estate of Maurice Dore (minor) (by Ada
Johnson, guardian), to Elian Dora, lot on S I
line of Jefferson street 287:6 E of Buchanan. |
B to Pueblo Line, SW to point opposite be- j
ginning, N to beginning; $1600.
T. H. Kearney to United Railroads of San I
Francisco, lot on SW corner of Laguna and !
Jefferson streets, W 125, S to Pueblo Line, I
NE to Laguna, M to beginning, quitclaim
deed; $10.
W. H. Kearney to same, same, quitclaim
deed; $10.
William T. Cummins to Ida M. Cummins,
lot on S line of Oak street, 87:6 W of Buchan
an, W 27:0 by S 90 and all property of first
party; gift.
Annie Franklin to Carrie E. Sheahaa, lot
on SE corner of McAllister and Fttlmor*
streets, Ssoby E 87:6; $10. v
City and County of San Francisco to Lillian
V. Smith (wife of Edward B.), lot on NB cor
ner of Lloyd and Devlsadero streets, N 32:6
by E 116:3; $
Martha W. Caughlan (Martha Wood) (wife
of John H.) to John P. Albro, lot on E line
of First avenue 257:7 N of Paint Lobos aye- ,
nue. N 31:6 by" B 120; $10.
Michael Burns to Ellen J. Burns, lot on S
line of Oak street, 81:3 E of Shrader, E 28 by
S 100; gift.
Emma G. Butler to A- H. and Ells* Heit
meyer, lot on S line of Sscramento street, 98:9
W of Presidio, W 60 by S 132:7%: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Savings
and Loan Society, lot on W line of Angelica
street. 320 S of Nineteenth, S 60 by W 73;
Albert C. Aiken to Raphael Peixotto lot
on SW corner of Eighteenth and Dolores
streets, 8 520 by W 660. quitclaim deed: $10.
Hector B. Zambelll to Louisa. Silvio, Walter,
Irene and Marguerite Zambelll. lot on 8 lln*
of Fifteenth street. 175 W or Sharon, W 0:8%.
SW 39:6. S 74:4, E 30:9, N 100: also lot on SE
line of Market street, 39:6 SW of Fifteenth,
S 74:4. W 2:8%. N 68:6%. E 9:1%; $10.
Anders P. and Johanna Johansen to Blanch*
R. Bausch. lot on 8 line of Fourteenth street,
205 W Of Sanchez. W 25 by S 116: $10.
Savings and Loan Society to William and
Ellen J. Terilll. lot on N line of Twenty-first
street. 230 E of Noe. E 25 by N 114; $600.
William and Ellen J. Terrill to Thomas F. I
Dunn, same: $10.
William H. and Elinor E. Dorman to Hattle
G. Mann, lot on E line of Castro street, 149 N
of Nineteenth. N 37 by E 126: $10.
C. M. Mann to same, same; gift.
Richard E. and Nellie Miller to West Shore
Land Company, lot on NW comer of Twenty
third and Mission streets, N 92 by W 125; $10.
State of California (by Edward J. Smith.
Tax Collector) to F. J. Glshelll. lot on W lln*
of Shotwell street, 65 N of Twenty-sixth, N 25
by W 115; $176.
Minerva J. Harlan to Harry E. Chick, lot on
E line of Diamond street, 110 N of Twentieth,
N 59 by E 125: $10.
Catherine Smith to Charles and Dorothea
Remhark. lot on S line of Seventeenth street,
30 E of Douglass, E 36 by S 75; $10.
Adolph O. and Camille C. Cordell to Marie
Wlesenhavern, lot on NE corner of Eighteenth
and" Eureka streets, E 25 by N 75; $10.
Western Investment Company. Cora R-. F.
A., Dora 1.. D. S. and C. A. Dora to N. A.
Dorn, lot on N line of Twenty-third street, 164
E of Douglass. E 64:8 by N 90; also lot on E
line of Douglass street. 31:6 N of Twenty-Hfth,
N 27:6 by E 80; $10.
Western Investment Company, Dora L, F.
A. and Cora R. Dorn to D. S. Dorn. lot on NE
corner of Twenty-third and Douglass streets,
N 115 by E 112; also lot on E line of Douglass
street, 86:6 N of Twenty-fifth, N 27:6 by E 80;
$10.
Western Investment Company, D. 8.. C. A.,
F. A. and Cora R. Dorn to Dora I. Dorn, lot
on E line of Dougless street. 115 N of Twenty- |
third. N 50 by E 134:8; also lot on E Una of j
Douglass street, 69 N of Twenty-fifth, N 27:6
by E 80; $10.
Western Investment Company, D. 8., C. A.
snd Dora I. Dorn to F. A. Dorn. lot on N line
of Twenty-third street, 112 E of Douglass, N
115. E 56:7%. S 25. W 4:7%. S 90, W 52; also
lot on NE corner of Twenty-fifth and Douglass
streets. E 80 by N 31:6; $10.
Phoebe E. Clark to Lutgl Maragllano, lot on
B line of Green street, 94:6 E of Dupont, E 20
by S 67:6: $10.
Conrad A and Adel Meusedorffer to Julius
and Selma Riemer, lot on S line of Broadway,
137 E of Leavenworth street, E 23 by S 60;
$10.
G. T. and Anna Knopf to Georg* Jooe, lot
on W line of Leavenworth street, 110 8 of
Chestnut, 8 27:6 by W 137:6; $10.
Sophia A. Wolf to John P. and Ellse Troull
let, lot on NW corner of Clay and Leaven
worth streets, N 57:6 by W 82:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Claus
Spreckels, lot on SE line of Stevenson street,
135 SW of Third. SW 60 by SE 70; $ .
Same to same, lot on 8 corner of Third and
Market, 8W 125 SE 100. NE 30. 8E 70. NE
MS, NW 75, SW 75. NW 25. NE 75. NW 70;
Luclan H. and Lizzie Sly to A. M. Dorothea
Rippe, lot on N line of Point Lobos avenua,
=55:4 W of Twenty-eighth avenue, NW 125. W
iB. SE 125. E 78; $10.
Walter and Bertha A. Chlnn (Fenton) to
Violet E. Johnson, lot on E line of Twelfth
tVenue, 200 S of Point Lobos avenue, S 25 by
E 120; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to William
Lyon, lot on SE corner of Thirtieth avenue and
B street. E 60 by 8 172:6; $ .
Sam© to OrvlUe D. Baldwin, lot on W line of
Forty-fifth avenue. 100 S of C street, S 225 by
W 240; t .
Same to Annie Jennings (wife), George and
Thomas Jennings Jr. and Mary J. Kingston,
lot on E line of Tenth avenue, 110 S of I street,
S 175 by E 120; $ .
Same to Edward Jennings, lot on NE corner
of Tenth avenue and J street, N 285 by E 120;
Jacob Heyman Company, to Florence J. Far-'
rell, lofc on E line of Forty-sixth avenue, 125
N of M street. N 25 by E 120; 810.
William N. McCarthy to Edith McCarthy,
lot on NW corner of Forty-eighth avenue and
Q street, N 87:6, W 04:2, S 87:7%t E 83;
gift.
John Rosenfeld'a Sons to California Title
Insurance and Trust Company. lot on NE
corner of Seventeenth avenue and T street,
B 71.03, N 458.42 W 84.12, 8 462.29; also lot
on NW corner of Seventeenth avenue and T
street. N 465.82, W 240:3. 8 477.92, E 240;
also lot on NW corner of Eighteenth avenue
and T street. N 225 by W 240; also lot on W
line of Eighteenth avenue 375 N of T street,
N 106.45. W 240:3. S 118.55. E 240; also lot
on NW corner of Nineteenth avenue and T
street. N 497.02, W 240:3, S 509.19, E 240;
also lot on NW corner of Twentieth avenue
and T street. N 512.72. W 240:3. S 524.82. E
240; also lot on NW corner of Twenty-first
avenue and T street. N 528.35 W 240:3. S
225.45. E 120. B 30. W 120. 8 285. E 240- also
lot on W line of Twenty-third avenue. 3:3 N
of U street, N 596:4. W 240, 8 581:5. SE
240c5; also outside lands blocks 1175, 1179
and 1180; also lot on NE corner of Seventeenth
avenue and TJ street. E 39.11. N 601.09. W
88.07, S 600; also lot on 8E corner of Seven
teenth avenue and U street, 8 147.21. NE
26.90, N 147.11. W 35:3; also lot on SW corner
of Seventeenth avenue and TJ street W 240. S
155.97. NE 240.05, N 149.19; also lot on SW
corner of Eighteenth avenue and U street, W
240, 8 164.73. NE 240.05. N 157.95; $10.
George and Sophia Gergenson to James A.
and Mary K. Macdonald lot on S line of West
Park. 100 W of Mission street W 28 by S
100. block D. French & Oilman; $10.
Homer S. and Nettie B. King to McCarthy
Company, lots 35 and 36 block 6, Lakevlew;
110.
McCarthy Company to Charles E. Terry,
same; $10. «
Hartwell Ware to M. A. Meier, lot on NW
line of Carr street, 87:6" SW of Paul avenue.
3W 62:6 by NW 100. block 2, Garden Tract
Homestead Association; grant.
M. A. Meier to West Shore Land Company,
same; grant.
Jacob Heyman Company to Severln Eldrup,
lot on W line of View avenue. 125:6% S of
Pearl alley. S 24:10%, W 160, N 26:3. B 160,
block 22, Market-street Homestead; $10.
Julius C. Reis to Mary Furkert, lot 36,
block 4, Reis Tract; $10^
Builders' Contracts.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society (owner)
with O. B. Brady & Son (contractors), archi
tect Albert Plssls—All work for alterations
md additions to bank building on NW corner
)f Jones and McAllister streets N 137:6 by
W 137:6; $14,876.
Same owners with Dyer Bros." Golden West
Iron Works (contractors), architect same—
Jteel and cast iron work and painting of same
tor same on same; $7870.
Francis J. Rigney (owner) with Hugh EL
Pynn (contractor and architect)— All work for
mlldlng on S line of Chestnut street, 137:6
3 of Franklin; $1275.
Towle Estate Company (owners) with Fred Ja.
MEDICINE ORE
OF MONTANA
Radiumite Which Is Found
in Mines Effects Cures.
Called Rheumatism Rock
MEN CARRY IT IN POCKET
Mineral Which, if Rubbed,
Emits Strange "Cold Fire,"
as It Is Denominated
Radlumite, the new designation giv
en to a strange mineral possessing- pe
culiar medicinal properties, is being
found in several of the large mines in
the neighborhood of Butte. Mont. For
years the diggers employed In the
Rarus and Lexington mines have been
aware of the presence of radlumite in
the workings and have become ac
quainted with one or two of ! its pe
culiarities.
They called It "medicine ore" and
"rheumatism rock" and have been In
the habit of carrying bits of it In their
pockets at all times. They believe it
Is a sure cure for "miners' consump
tion," rheumatism, stomach ailments,
kidney disease and various nervous
disorders.
Although the miners themselves
have had implicit faith In the healing
properties of the ore for many years,
Butte doctors and the public generally
simply regarded it as a superstition,
j placing the radlumite on a plane with
the buckeye and the rheumatism ring.
! Since the discovery of radium and the
j tracing of a relationship between it
and radlumite scientists and others
have been able to account for the
curative properties of Montana's
"medicine stones."
EMITS A COLD FIRE
The Butte medicine ore possesses
the strange quality of emitting a bril
liant light under slight friction by
some metallic substance, or even with
a finger nail. The light Is called a
"cold fire," because there la ab
solutely no heat to It, and its dis
| plays are more brilliant under water
than out of it. No value has ever been
found in the ore by mining men and
the only good it has served has been
as a talisman for the miners, who be
lieve In its curative virtues, and as
specimens for mineral cabinets, for
which it was much sought and often
commanded very high prices.
I While the Paris scientists were mak
ing their wonderful experiments with
radium it occurred to a Rarus miner
that the little lumps of "medicine ore"
might contain the rare element discov
ered by the Curries and In that way
account for the cures and the faith of
the miners. He spoke to several Butte
chemists about it and they took suffi
cient interest in the matter to make a
careful analysis and many tests of the
ore. But aside from satisfying them
selves that it possessed a trace of
radio-activity, they could not account
for the strange properties of the min
eral In other respects.
ARE SENT TO PARIS.
Finally specimens of the ore were
sent to Paris and other great labora
tories, but while reports were being
awaited from them Dr. G. D. Bryant
of Butte became Interested In the story
of the miner and he conducted a series
of experiments along an entirely differ
ent line, prompted only by curiosity.
He wondered if there was any basis
for the belief of the miners that the
j "medicine ore" could cure anything
| and he began an investigation of a
i number of reported cures. Almost
without exception, as he found, men
and women who carried the mineral
claimed to have derived benefits from
| it and could not be ridiculed out of the
idea that it was a curative as well as
a preventive. Then he made tests on
patients of his own, with results that
puzzled and astonished him. if they did
not convince him. He made a report
of his investigations and conclusions
to his fellow physicians and then the
story of radlumite created a sensation-
Since then doctors and scientists from
all parts of the world have taken an
Interest in It, and many have visited
Butte to Investigate for themselves.
The people of Butte are beginning to
take an extraordinary interest In the
search for the new medicine. Miners I
have.given up positions to search for
the o*e. and superintendents are be
sieged with applicants for jobs. Sick
and decrepit men beg permission to
work where the medicine ore Is depos
ited.—Chicago Chronicle.
Woman's Education in Tipping.
The tip, once expected only by ser
vants and those who performed some
special or unusual service, has made
Its way steadily in the favor of all
sorts and conditions of employes, until
in New York the gratuity account
must be loked on as a regular item
of the household expenses. The house
wife who would have her cut of beef
trimmed to her liking must fee the
butcher. The green grocer's clerk
exacts his tribute by providing the
choicest of his wares for those most
liberal in their treatment of him.
That householder who jiever neglects
to leave a coin for thejceman receives
full weight, prompt service and does
not have to renew the llnlng of the re
frigerator too often. Historically,
women are not liberal dispensers of
tips. But as the system of demanding
and extorting gratuities extends, they
are being educated to a point of equal
ity with their men folks, who have
long recognized the hopelessness of en
deavoring to escape the toils of the
tip. Once, woman regarded it as her
right and privilege to leave the res
taurant waiter unrewarded. Now, in
her own sacred preserves, she finds it
necessary to open the purse that she
rtnay have an opportunity to select the
goods she wishes to buy. The time
may come when woman will acknowl
edge the claim of the waiter.—New
York Sun. .
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, January 22.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 26 hours from Cas
per.
Stmr Alcazar, Winkel, 24 hours from Green
wood.
Stmr Nevadan. Green, 80 hours from Seattle.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN—Arrived Jan 22—Stmr Santa
Monica, hence Jan 19.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA—Arrived Jan 22—Br* stmr Athen
ian, from Hongkong via Yokohama; stmr
Pleiades, from Yokohama.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU—Arrived Jan 22—Br ship Lin
disfarne, from Hamburg.
+ +
Fisher (contractor), architects O'Brien & Wer
ner—Carpenter, mill work, plastering, glazing,
marble work, tiling, etc.. for alterations and
additions to building on NE corner of Third
and Clementina streets; $4862.
T. A. Pettus (contractor) with W. J. Little
Company (sub-contractors), architects Reid
Bros.—Mill work, except window frames, for
Kohl building, on S line of Geary street, — E
Original Weekly Nacional Co.
OF SAN FRANCISCO.
CITY OF MEXICO, MEL, JANUARY
81. 1905.
No. Prize.! No. Prize.! No. Priz*.
93 J2.50| 3463 $2.50! 7838.... 82.50
279 2.50| 3636 5.00 7873 2.50
342 2.60 4012 2.601 7869 7.50
718 2.50 l 4433 5.00 7881 2.50
802 75.00 4481 2.501 7958 2.50
889.... 5.00 4619.... 6.001 8070 2.50
945 6.00 4654 7.50) 8080 2.50
1020 2.50 4716 2.50 8117 2.50
1038 2.50 4788 7.501 8485 2.50
1102 2.60 4899 2.60 8782 2.60
1142 2.60 4970 2.50 8933 6.00
1178 2.501 6161... 150.00 8951 2.60
1217 2.60 5332 2.50 8976.... 2.50
1270 2.50 5781 2.50 9106 2.60
1588... 300.00 5985 2.50 9107 2.50
1669 2.60 6016 7.50 9481 75.00
1606 25.00 6082 7.60 9652 2.5<)
1672.... 7.60 6115 2.60 9646 2.60
1807 2.60 6373 2.60 9687 2.60
1850 7.60 6400 2.60 9794 2.60
1865 2.60 6459 5.00 10268 2.80
2097.... 7.60 6467 2.60 10360 6.09
2140 6.00 6696 2.50 10426 2.60
2163.... 2.50 6864 2.6010492 2.60
2164 7.50 0877 2.50 10664 7.60
2192 2.50 6960 2.60 10712 5.00
2565 7.60 6968 2.50 10799 26.00
2691.... 2.60 7198.... 2.6011082 2.60
2620 2.60 7203 2.60 11124 2.60
2787 7.80 7286 2.60|11176 2.60
2826 2.60 7306.... 2.60 11460 2.60
2859 6.00 7537 2.50|11525.1200.00
2959 2.50 7594 2.50111624 2.50
3101 2.50 7665 2.50|11902 2.60
8196 6.00 7726 2.60|11925 2.50
3224 2.50 7820 2.50|11969.... 2.50
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
20 numbers from 11615 to 11535 Inclustv*,
being 10 numbers on each side of the number
drawing tho First Capital Prize of 81200 —$2.
20 numbers from 1578 to 1598 Inclusive, be
ing 10 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the Second Capital Prize of $300—
$1 50.
20 number* from 5161 to 6171 Inclusive, be
ing 10 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the Third Capital Prize of $150—$1.
•TERMINAL PRIZES.
120 numbers ending with 25. being th* last
two figures of the number drawing th* Capi
tal Prize of $1200—$1.
120 numbers ending with 88. being th* last
two figures of the number drawing the Capital
Prize of $300—$1.
The above is tor 50-oent tickets; 26-cent tick
ets In proportion.
—— 1 * »
FERTILE MANCHURIA
RECALLS HOME SCENES
Crop Covered Landscape Resemble*
What May Be Seen in Northern
Part of Our Country.
This is distinctly a human country—
a country of cornfields, beans and po
tatoes, horses, cattle, sheep, dogs,
goats .and no freaks in tree trunk,
branch or foliage. But I can't get over
seeing a Chinaman in a cornfield. It
is always a shock. He doesn't seem to
have any right there —somehow, no
body does except a whit% man or a
darky. There are tumble bugs in the
dusty road, and gray, flying grasshop
perlike things that rise from the dust,
flutter a few feet from the earth and
drop back again, just as they do at
home. And the dragon flies—why, they
are nothing in the world but the "snake
doctors" that I used to throw stones at
when I was a boy in the Bluesrrass.
The mountains are treeless and vol
canic, but it's a human country, and I
don't feel as far from home as I did
in Japan. Brill says it all looks like a
lot of Montana hills around Ohio corn
fields, only the corn Is millet that stows
twelve feet high. The people eat the
top, they feed the blades to livestock,
and the stalk serves almost every pur
pose of bamboo and for firewood as
well. You can ride for hours between
two solid walls of it, and you wonder
how there can be people in the scat
tering villages to plant and till or even
cut it. A richer land I never saw. It
looks as though it would feed both
armies, and yet there was no sign—no
burned house or robbed field, or even a
castoff bit of the soldier's equipment to
show that an army had ever passed
that way. One fact only spoke signifi
cantly of war. No woman—except a
child or a crone—was ever visible. This
struck me, when I recalled the trail of
the Massachusetts volunteers from
Slboney to Santiago and the thousands
of women refugees straggling into
Caney—as very remarkable. I suppose
both Japanese and Russians are trying
to keep the good will of the Chinaman
as well as of fhe rest of the world. I
don't wonder that the Russians are
fighting for that land, nor shall I won
der should the Japanese, if they win.
try to keep it. But how it should be
long to anybody but the Chinaman
who has tilled it In peace and with no
harm to' anybody for thousands of
years. I can't for the life of me see.—
John Tare Jr. in Scrlbner's.
Most people seem willing to meet
trouble more than half way.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN BAF&EL.
WEEK DATS—7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays—Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Puturdays—Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS—B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:80, 8:80.
5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYB—6:OS. 7:35. 7:50, 9:20 11:15
a. m.; 12:50 8:40, 5:00. 5:20 p. m. *
Saturdays—Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:36 p. m.
SUNDAYS—B:OO. 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40
4:05, 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect J Arrive
San Fran. | Oct. 2, 1904. f San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. | days. | tlon. | days. [ Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:os|p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p
7:30 al 9:10 al 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato 10:40al0:20a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma* 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35p
I 6:00 p Santa Rosa,
7:30 a (10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30p |
Windsor,
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg-. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
8:30 p 3:80 p Geyserville, 7:86 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:00 a! Hopland 110:40 a) 10:20 a
3:30p|3:30p[ and Ukiah. |7:36p|6:20p
I I Wlillts and J ,
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Sherwood. [ 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30al8:00a| J10:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 pi Guerneville. f 7:36 p| 6:20 p
7*.3oai B:QPa| Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:00 p] Glen Ellen. | 6:06 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebaatopol. f 7:33 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone
ville and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls,
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs,
Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley. John Day's,
Riverside, Llerly's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin
Heights, Hullville, Orr's Hot Springs, Halfway
House, Comptche, Hopkins, Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal; at Willits for
Fort Bragg, Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Cahto, Covelo. Laytonvilie, Cummlngs.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Hubbard, Fruitland.
Dyer, Garberville. Camp 5. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re
duced rates.
On Sunday—Round-trip tickets to all points
beymd San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlce. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt, Tamalpais Railway
"if. San Francisco BBEL tr San rranciac*
Wk. Pays Snaaayi ™\ Sondari Wk."bayi*
M:2sa ChLsHBLbH l:SOr «10:50 a
9:B0a 8:55y »:65,
i'l'dSp l:4Srl 6:3 gp I "j-iiir
Satwday* 4:35r Saturdayi 11:12,
»Tk QraTity Car TT t>ElllTalaa|
j 650 MARgar ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
Iff ICS) I and Savsauto Faaav, Foot Market S4,
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SAL?
Wednesday. January 25 at 11 a. nv. AR
CADF HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST.,
I will" s"P the rolling stock ofSan Franel aco
Coal Co.. conaistlng of 20 good HORSES. I
three-ton platform spring wagon. 5 coal carta.
I -mall waKons, 15 sets harness, also 25 ah
purpose horses! JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
£r* •
AUCTION SALE EVERY TUESDAY, 11 *.
m_. at 1140 FOLSOM ST of allkjad,^
HORSES, WAGONS. SURREYS, BUGGIES.
CARTS and HARNESS.
- WM. CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
RAILWAY TRAjrm*
*3 DAYSI
I LEAVES DAILY AT9SOA M ■
11 WITH OINERaANOSLEepegIfI
Other Santa Fe Trains:
7:30 a m. 1
9:30 a.m.}- For Stockton. Fresno. BakerstMaV
8:00 p. m. J Merced. Han ford and VI sail a.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyssj
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices—B4l Market st. and Ferry Depot,
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak
land, Cal.; also 27 South First, San Joan.
Tnlat letavro sad asr* AM
to arrive at
UU^2) BAN FRANCISCO.
VoV^ w TmoM ,Ajn,A * T *■» **o*.
Faatar Bare*
IJX (Foot of Market 8 treat.)
l»at« - MAIN LINE. -Aaatra' 1
7.00 a VsesTllle. Winters, Roinaey 7SO*
7.00 a Benlcle. Elmlra and Sacramento.. 7 ZDs
730 a Vallejo, Napa. Callatog*. Baata
Rosa, Martinez, San Ramos 1-20*
7-30 a Kites,Tracr. Lathrop, Stockton,... 7.20*
• 00* Shasta Expreaa — (Via Davis),
Willisana, Willows, tFruto, Red
Bluff. Portland, Tacoma, Seattle 7.50*
• 00a Davis,Woodland. Knight* Landing,
MaryavlUe, Orovllie 7.50»
• 50a Martinez, Antloch, Byros, Tracy.
Stockton, Newman, Los Banes.
Mendota Arnaona, Hanford.
Ylaslla Portervllle 4.20s
■■50a Port Costs, Modeato, Merced.
Fresno, Goshen Junction, Haa*
ford, Vlialla. Bakersfield 4.50 a
• 80a Kile*. Saa .lose. Llvermore, Stock
ton, (tMll ton). lone, Sacramento,
Maryavtlle. Chlco. Red Bluff .... 4.20 a
• 50a Oakdale, Ohlnete, Jamestown. So
nora. Tuolumne and Angels 4-20P
8 00a Atlantic Express—Ogden and Beat. 6 20P
9.30 a Richmond, Martinez and Way
Stations ••SO*'
10 00a The Overland Limited — Ogdes,
Omaha, Chicago. Denver, Kansas
. City I 20a
10.00 a Vallejo 12 20*
10 00a Los Angela* Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron, Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond, Fresno, Goshen Junc
tion. Hanford, Lemoore. Vlaalla.
Bakersfield, Lo» Angelea 7.20 a
10 00a El Paso, Kansas City, St. Loula j
and Chicago 7.20 a
12.00 m Hayward. Nile* and Way Stations. 3.20 a
11 OOP Sacramento River Steamer* tl 1 .OOP
3.30P Benlcla, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knight* Landing,
Marfivllle and Orovllie 10-50*
SSOp Hay ward. Nile* and Station*.. 7 60s
i S.3OP Part Costa, Martinez, Byron.Tracy.
Lathrop, Stockton. Modesto,
Merced, Berenda and Fresno... 12-20*
4-OOp Martinez,San Ramon. ValleJo.Kapa,
Callatoga, Santa Rosa 9-20*
4.00P Nile*. Tracy. Stofkton 10 10a
4 30p Hayward. Nlles, lrrtngton, San I t8 50a
Jo*«, Llvermore ) 111.50*
6- OOPThe Owl Limited—Newman, Loa
Banos, Meudota, Fresno. Tulare,
Bakersfield, Los Aogele* I-SOA
I-OOp Golden State Limited - Xl Paso,
Kansas City, St. Loul* and
Cblcago 8 50 a
tt» 30p Hayaajjfe-d. Mies and San Jose 7.20 a
•■oop Hayward. Kile* and San Jo»e 9 50a
6 00p Eastern Ezpresi—Omaha. Chicago,
Denver. Kansas City, St. Loula,
Martinez, Stockton. Sacramento.
Colfax, Reno, Sparks. Montello,
Oaden 12 BOP
I.OOp Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I 7 - n _
14WP Vallejo, Sunday only f ' ou *
7- OOP Richmond, Han PaU,!o, Pore Coita,
Martinez »nd Way Statlona 11.20*
7-OOp Reno Passenger—Fort Costa. Be
nlcla, Suia'jn. Elmlra. Dixon,
Davis. Sacramento, Sparka. Tono
pah, Goldfleld and_Kceler 7 50*
• OBp Oregon £ California Kxprea*—Sac
ramento, Maryavllle, Redding,
Portland. Puget Sound and Ea«t. 1.60*
O.IOP Hayward, Nile* and Ban Joae (Snn
_ day only) 1160*
COAST LINE (Sarrew «*■*•).
, (Foot of Market Street )
>.16a Newark. Centervliie. Ba* Joae, '
Felton, Boalder Creek, Santa
Crnz and Way Station* :. 5-58P
t2-16P Newark. Centervliie. Baa Joae,
New Almaden. Los Gatos.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cms and
Principal Way Station* tlO 85a
4.lBpNewark. San Joae, Loa Gatos...-j ts."f|*
«9 30p Hunters' Train (Saturday only)—
San Joae and Way Statlona 17.2JP
COAST LINE <!'road UasgeL
ty (Third and Towntend Street*.)
•.10a 6*n Joae and Way Station*. .... DE
7 00a San Jose and Way Station* 1.40*4
• 00a New Almaden (Tuea., Frld.. only). 4.lQ*>
• 00a The Coaiter—San Joae, Sallnaa.
Baa Ardo. Pas* Boole*. Santa
Margarita. Ban Lata Obtapo,
Gnadalnpe, Gavlota, Santa Bar
bar*, San Buenaventura.Oxnari,
Burbsnk. Loa Angelea 18.5tp>
•DOa Gliroy, HollUter, Caatrovllle, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove, Surf, Loaa
poc *t4of>
o.ooa **b Joae. Tre* Plnoa.watsonvflle,
Capltola, Santa Crnz, Pacific
Grove. Salinas San Lula Obla.e
._„. and Principal Way Statlona. ... 4.10*
10 30a Ban Jo*e and Way Station* 1 .20p
II 30a San Jose and Way Statlona 7.30*
2 IBp San Joae and Way Statioaa ... .... •3d*
3 00p Del Monte Expreaa—Seat* Clan,
San Joae, Wataonvllle, Santa
Cruz, Del Mont*. Monterey,
Pacific Grove IS.TO*
13-OOp Loa Gatoa. Wrlrtt, Boulder Creek,
Bant* Cruz, vl* Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge flO.4Sa
3-30P Valencia St.. South San Francieco, "' '"
Bnrllngame, Ban Joae, Gllrey,
Hoi lister. Trea Pinoa 18 48a
4 30p Fan Jose and Way Statlona ft 00a
t5 00P Banta Clara, Saa Joae. Los Gate*,
and principal Way Station* tO OOa
iD.SOp b»»JoieanrtPrlncipalWayStation* 19.40*
6 46p Sunset Express—Redwood. San
Joae.Gtlroy.Sallnaa.Paao Roble*,
San Lui* Oblapo, Santa Barbara,
Lo* Angeles, Demlng. EI Paso,
New Orleans B.loa
E.46pEl Paao, Kansas City, St. Loula,
Chicago 10.30P
6-46P Pajaro, Wauonville, Capitols,
Santa Crnz. Caatrovllle, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove 10-30P
18.15P bail Mateo.Bereaford.Belmont,Saa
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks
Menlo Park. Palo Alto 10.48*
B 30p B*n Joae and Way Station*. 0 36*
8-OOp Palo Alto and War Station* 10-15*
11 .30p South San Francisco. Mtllbrae, Bnr-
L llngame, San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 10-45P
*1130p May field. Mountain View. Sunny
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
San Jo»e..t 19.45P
OAKLANIO" H ARBOR FERRY ~~
(Foot of Market St.)
17.15 a.m. 9.00 a.m. 11 00 a.m.
1.00 p. m. 3.00 P.M. 5.15 p. m. -
A tor Morning. . P for Aflernooa.
1 Sunday excepted t Snnday only
«i Satar4ay only. b Monday only.
{Stop* at all atatlona on Sunday.
CAZADERO, Etc.
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD
Depart from San Francisco, dally at 17 06
7:45. 8:25. 9:10. 9:50. 11:00 a. m.; 12:20 1 'to
3:15. 4:35, 5:15, 6:50. 8:30. 7:15. 10:15 and
11:35 d. m.
Arrive at San Francisco daily, at TB-40
7:38 8:16. 8:60. 9:35. 10:50 a. m.; 12:10 l[S
2.55: 4:25. 6:05. 5:42. 6:22. 6:57. 7:40 and 11:23
p in.
tDally except Sunday.
For Fairfax daily, at 7:45 a. m.; also Satur
days at 3:15 p. m.. and dally except Saturday
and Sunday at 5:15 p. m. *
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. daily—Cazadero and way statlona
3:16 p. m.. Saturdays only—For Caaaderol
etc.
, o:15 P. m. daily, except Saturday and Sun.
day. for Tomales. etc.
TICKET OFFICE—66O Market st.
FERRY—Union Depot, toot of Market at.DIMINUTIVE BOXERS ARE IN STRICT TRAINING FOR A SEVERE ENCOUNTER
CALIFORNIA OAKS NEXT FEATURE
AT TRACK ACROSS BAY.
Smart Field of Fillies Will Start
M. j. Daly Now Heads Winning Owners
Two events that will attract much
attention will shortly be run at Oak
land. Next Saturday the California
Oaks is down for decision, while on
Saturday, February 4, the Burns
handicap, with a value of $10,000, will
•be the drawing card.
The Oaks is at a mile and a furlong
and.will have a value of about $3000.
.Some smart three-year-old fillies are
■ entered and a good contest is assured.
There is much interest among horse
men to see how they will perform at
the distance with weight up. Promi
nent among the eligibles are Sea Air,
Lady Goodrich, siea Voyage, Del
Carina, Awakening, Bologna, Marie
J, Princess Zula and Meada.
A' high-class field will meet in the
Burns handicap, at a mile and a quar
ter, .the eligibles including the best
horses running at the two California
tracks. Claude and Elliott will be the
reliance of M. J. Daly, while Walter
•Jennings has Dainty, Gold Money,
,Rockaway, Vesuvian and others to
represent him. M. J. Tlchenor & Co.,
now at Ascot Park, named Flo Bob,
Flower -King and Dalvay. High Chan
cellor was entered by Green B. Mor
ris. Leonidas, Glisten and Jack Rat
lin are a trio from the Yeager stable.
Others on the list are Military Man,
Fossil, W. R. Condon, Bombardier
Horatiua, Pasadena, Schoolmate, Honi
ton, Ananias, Sidney C. Love and Mar
tinmas.
An attractive programme is offered
for. this week in addition to the Oaks.
One. of the events will be a $1000
hahdfeap, at a mile and a furlong, for
four-year-olds and upward, to be run
bh Wednesday.
M. J. Daly has stepped into first
place among the winning owners ow
ing- fo the victory of Elliott In the Lis
sak handicap last Saturday, his stable
haying-earned $13,050. Walter Jen
nings is second, with $11,310. Dr.
Rowell'ls third; his total being $10,485.
The New California Jockey Club has
distributed about $178,000 in stakes
and purses and more than fifty own
ers have won sums in excess of $1000.
Following are the principal winners:
M. J. Daly. $13,050
• IT. B. Jennings 11,310
II.'X. Rowell 10,485
I\ -Ryan 5,126
T. G. Ferguson 4,850
■ C. T. m Hen shall 4.510
Louis>" W. Ezell. 4,065
James. Ryan 3,7*>0
Gill Summers & Co 3.603
W. T. Brinkworth 3,315
John F. Schorr 3,400
I). Ca meron 3,350
F. Skinner 3,145
R. A. Smith 2,970
Parker &- Thwaite 2.650
Walter Seharetg 2,610
8. Judge 2,170
8. A. Hoppas 2,140
Fitzgerald & Crce 2,130
Pi Sheridan 2,085
G. W. Wilson l,9ts«
George Strobel 1,845
William Cahill 1.825
T. H. Stevens & Bon I.SOI
T. K. Mclaughlin 1,7«!5
William Haird & CO 1.760
H. Green 1,760
H. Stover 1,6ti5
E. Gaylord & Co 1.570
J. J. McAlester 1.530
V. Gilbert 1.540
F. J. O Rourke 1.475
Fleur de Lis Stable 1,425
' Joseph Quintan 1.42.">
D. S. Fountain 1.40 fT
Haker City Stable 1.400
J. Reavey i,350
C. H. Knebelkamp & Co Mfß
W. S. Price 1 1.360
W. P. Magrane 1.260
Mrs. James Coffey 1,225
James Touhey. 1,145
LAgoria & Forbes — — 1,125
A. C. Dean — S. 1.125
S. J. Jones 1,125
Hall & Marshall - 1.100
C. F. Clark 1.000
Bianchl & McGovern 1.080
*V H. Hammond 1.050
M. Crane 1.045
% Madison 1.030
Jones & Dusk 1.025
D. A. Ross 1.020
J.. 1.025
OLYMPIC CLUB PLAYER
WINS A HANDBALL MATCH
Henry Cory Easily Defeats Al Collins
on the Court of the St.
Ignatius Club. •
The interclub handball tournament
for the artistic silver cup offered by
the Pacific Amateur Association, drew
a big crowd to the St. Ignatius Athletic
Club's court yesterday afternoon.
Henry Cory, the Olympic Giyb crack,
easily beat Al Collins. Score, z\ to
28 Charley Wilgus was substituted
for J. Cashman and created a big sur
prise by easily beating Louis Levy.
Levy played hard, but could not get
on to .he left-hand playing of his
clever opponent. Score, 51 to 32.
Leach beat Canavan In an interesting
exhibition. On next Wednesday night
four games will be played at the Olym
pic Club. Cory plays Canavan and
Levy plays Skelly. So far the Olympic
Club has won tlx games, Occidental
four and St Ignatius two. Thirty-two
games are to be played before the
tournament is completed and each
player must compete in eight games.
Company Relays Curve.
The United Railroads began the
work of relaying the curve at Post and
Kearny street late last night. The
workmen were stopped by the police,
but were allowed to proceed when a
permit from the Board of Public
Works was displayed. Commissioner
Aigeltinger issued the permit 'last
Wednesday, when a representative of
the company appeared and said it had
agreed to lay the tracks fourteen
Inches farther from the curbing than
heretofore and that the property-own
ers, had consented to the plan.
Eddie Graney Wins on Points.
The quarrel between Jimmy Britt
and the proprietors of the Belvedere
Music Hall is still on. The latest de
velopment of the affair took the shape
of a personal encounter between At
torney Greely, who represents Britt,
and Eddie Graney. The latter won
on points, which included a knock
down.
There are hints that if the case goes
to trial there will be some unpleas
ant disclosures regarding the Brltt-
Gans affair.
FIRE DESTROYS RESIDENCE
AND FOUR PERSONS PERISH
Wisconsin Farmer Loses Wife, Two
Children and Home—School
Teacher Also Victim.
IRON RIVER, Wis., Jan. 22.—
The residence of George Barnes, one
of the best known farmers in North
ern Wisconsin, was burned early to
day. Four persons perished. The
dead: Mrs. George o Barnes; Jennie
May Barnes, aged 7; Margina Barnes,
aged 4; Miss Elsie Mclster of Wash
burn, Wash., a school teacher.
PERFORMERS
IN THE MUD
ARE PICKED
«
! BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
i _____
i First race—Lady Kent, Sol Lich-
War Times.
Second race — David Boland, The
! Reprobate, Edrodun.
Third race—Dr. Sherman, The Fret
ter, Haven Hun.
Fourth race — Arcade, Hainault,
Dun_nnnon.
Fifth race—Mr. Dingle, Gin Spray,
EslK'rin. i
Sixth race—Pelham, Squire John
son. Salable.
PELHAM IS NAMED
AS A STARTER.
In the last event on the card at Oak
land this afternoon Charley Henshall's
crack three-year-old Pelham will hook
up with Sauire Johnson and Salable,
two shifty performers in the mud.
For stormy weather the entire card is
an excellent one. The day's entries:
First race—Six furlongs, tour-year-olds and
up, selling;.
7761 Karabel (Boettger & Harmon) 103
7709 Kickumbob (Magill) 106
(775o)*Instrument (Baird) 104
77;; a The I'ride (Neal) 105
7752 War Times (Grossheim) 103
(77;.(i)' Lady Kent (Kimberly) ~106
(70ti;i)'Sol Lichtenstein (Madison) 108
7609 *Floriana Belle (Hill _ Co.) 88
Second race —Five and a half furlongs,
three-year-olds, selling.
7744 Gallopoff (Daly) 110
77,">!» 'San Jose (Wilson) 99
Angelica (Clifford) . ?. 11)8
7754 My Order (Rowell) 104
7726 Edrodun (Fitzgerald) 104
7712' David Boland (Baird & Co.) 11l
<7739)' The Reprobate (Hall & Marshall). ..102
7491 Iron King (Hansen) 104
Third race—Seven furlongs, four-year-olds
and uu, selling.
7756 ltlesca (Dunn) 98
77.VS'Haven P.un (Harris) 101
77".it Wistaria (Stockton Stable) 08
77U1 'Trapsttter (Ezell) 98
7758' Inspector Munro (Fox) 104
7648 "Dotterel (Lynch) 96
7758 'Pencil Me (Grossheim) 98
(77«l)Yellowstone <Fine) 106
7743 Brennus (Lowrie) 100
77*1' The Fretter (O'Rourke) 107
77.">7 Greenock (Woods) 106
776.'< 'Dr. Sherman (Hoppaa) 104
7743 Prestano (Plerson) 108
Fourth race—One mile and fifty yards, four
year-olds and up, selling.
(7740)*Dungannon (Knebelltamp) 87
7742 Arcade (Daly) 112
7758 Mr Farnum (Wilson) 97
(7763)'Langford James (Cotton) 87
(7763)'Halnaudt (Reavey 1 ) 101
7742 'Darksome (Touhey) 102
(7«6B)*Northwest (Figaro Stable) 94
Fifth race—One mile and seventy yards, four
year-olds and up, selling.
7722 Outburst (McAlester) 112
7745 Mosketo (Strobel) 109
7747 Ksherln (Schorr) 107
77. r >2 Hellas (Cotton) 109
7088 'The Ledaean (Graffort) 104
774". Rpfin (Devers) I'll
7735 Jack Little (Fine) 109
7741 Arhillee (Fleur de Lis Stable) 11JI
77.V1 'Gin Spray (De Neffe) 104
7M>r> San I.ution (Dixon) 100
T760 Maxtress (Kronick & Co.) 107
7756 Play Ball (Daly) 109
7741 'Mr. Dingle (Tierney) 107
Bixth race—Futurity course, three-year-olds
and up selling.
7754 Squire Johnson (Miller) 84
7582 Pelham (Henshall) .96
(7754) Salable (Ryan) 91
7760 Tom Slavin (Clifford) 112
7766 M. A. Powell (Wilson) 94
(7755) True Wing (Ryan) 89
•Apprentice allowance.
FIRE FRIGHTENS
HOTEL GUESTS
Flames Attack Nadeau in
Los Angeles and Force
Roomers to Flee for Safety
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 22.—One hun
dred and fifty guests were routed from
their rooms and property valued at
probably $10,000 was destroyed by fire
at the Hotel Nadeau to-night The
fire started in a moving picture ma
chine in an amusement place upon the
first floor of the hotel, and the guests,
most of whom had retired, were forced
to flee in scant clothing. Mrs. H. C.
Jagger, wife of a . San Francisco
traveling man, was the only guest who
had difficulty In escaping. She is an in
valid and occupied a room on the
fourth floor. Other guests assisted her
to the street, slightly overcome by
smoke.
The fire spread to stores on the first
floor of the hotel building and was
gaining headway on the second floor
when extinguished.
YASHIMA IS SAVED.
Japanese Battleship Repaired and Her
Guns Remounted.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 22.—With
the arrival to-day of the steamship
Athenian comes news in reference to
the reported loss of the Japanese bat
tleship Yashima, the Yorodzu of Tokio
reporting that the battleship was
saved and has been repaired. Her
guns have been remounted. The Kobe
Herald says a new vessel is about to
be huilt for the Japanese navy to re
place one of those lost at Port Arthur.
The same vessel brought news that
serious riots are reported to have oc
cured at Seoul.
London's Emergency Service.
London is curiously behind New York
in the matter of its emergency accident
service. None of the hospitals there,
incredible as It may seem, have ambu
lances such as are used here. Injured
persons are carried to the hospitals in
two-wheeled handbarrows propelled by
one or two policemen. There are only
two or three horse ambulances in the
city and they are private. There is an
agitation now for the introduction of
such vehicles into the hospital service.
—New York Tribune.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1905.
NEIL'S TRAINING
IS STRENUOUS
Tiny Boxer Goes at His
Work as Though the Fate
of a Kingdom Hung on It
IS BUNDLE OF NERVES
Bouts "in Practice With
Young Corbett Are Mar
vels of King Bealisni
Despite the heavy downpour a large
crowd visited Boxer Frankie Neil at
his training quarters, near San Rafael,
yesterday and saw him go through his
training work. .The most exciting
item on the card was a three-round
bout with Young Corbett.
Neil ia so full of fight that he never
thinks of boxing, so all kinds of ex
citement and ring realism were
thrown into the bout. Neil is a bundle
of nervous energy and there Is a zip
and a sting to his blows that are not
looked for in a boxer of his Inches.
Corbett is such a willing boxer that
the pair put up a sensational bout.
Neil has speed and class over Dick Hy
land, his next opponent, which the
latter expects to offset with strength
and hitting power.
Neil is still of spidery build, but his
muscles are like tempered steel. He Is
putting on a little weight at San Ra
fael and expects to scale 117 pounds
on the day of his fight. This will give
Hyland an advantage of nearly five
pounds, as the agreed weight is 122
pounds.
Neil will have no excuses to offer on
the score of condition, as Frank Mc-
Donald is giving him every attention.
It seems almost assured that Young
Corbett and Battling Nelson will meet
before the Hayes Valley Club next
month. Both men are holding out for
a return match with Britt, but that
astute young man has an easier and a
more remunerative fight in view. He
wants Jabez White, whose last Im
portant fight was with Spike Sullivan,
whom he defeated in fifteen rounds in
June, 1902. As this was two and a half
years ago it is not likely he is up to
the present bruising style of milling.
With Brltt out of the way, It Is ex
pected Nelson and Corbett will have
no difficulty in reaching an understand
ing. Corbett has been at Billy Shan
non's, near San Rafael, for several
weeks building up his health. He has
gone through his regular exercise, but
with 110 thought of actual training. He
lives temperately, his only relaxation
being a visit to the theater in this city
once each week. From appearances he
will be in better condition than at any
previous time he has fought here. That
he is still a favorite with the ring pa
trons Is shown by the enthusiastic re
ception he is given whenever he is a
spectator at a tight. The climate of
Marin County agrees with him and the
weight comes off easily. He always
had trouble in this respect at the beach,
the hardest work yielding but small
results.
FAMOUS STATUE
TO BE MOVED
That of Charles I in the
English Metropolis Must
Give Up Its Old Position
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Jan. 22.—That surviving
remnant of the long lost Jacobite cause,
the Legitimist Society, views with dis
may the prospect of the removal of the
equestrian statue of King Charles I
from the conspicuous position it has
occupied at Charing Cross. Still cher
ishing the hope that one of his de
scendants may some day oust from the
throne the representative of the reign
ing dynasty, they are wont publicly to
testify to their faith and devotion by
decorating'the statue of the "martyred
King," as they fondly call him, on the
anniversary of his execution. The con
temptuous tolerance with which his
Majesty regards such proceedings is
shown by the fact that the annual cere
mony takes place under the supervision
of an agent of the crown.
Standing In close proximity to the
famous Trafalgar Square, the statue
has long been a familiar one to Ameri
can visitors ,to London. Its removal
will probably be rendered necessary to
make room for the entrance of the
new Mall from Charing Cross. The
question of finding a new site for it is
under consideration. In these demo
cratic days few Englishmen really
cherish any regard for the memory of
the monarch whom stout Oliver Crom
well beheaded, and they care little
what disposition is made of his statue.
The part he played in English his
tory, it is felt, does not entitle him to
a position so near the towering Nelson
monument and the effigies of other
heroes grouped about the square.
It would not be the first time that
the statue has been shifted. After the
King had lost his head the Common
wealth Government sold the statue to
a Holborn brazier named Rivers, with
the understanding that it should be
broken up. Rivers was a thrifty fel
low with a talent for turning things to
account. Foreseeing that a time might
come when the monarchical party
would again be in the ascendancy and
the statue would be worth considerable
money, he carefully buried it. Then he
set to work and manufactured a lot of
knives and forks with bronze handles,
which he declared had been made from
the statue. For these he found ready
purchasers at good prices among both
Puritans and Cavaliers.
When the monarchy was restored
the wily brazier saw tho chance for
which he had been waiting. He dug
up the statue and offered to sell It
back to the Government at a large
profit. The offer was accepted and the
statue was placed In Its present posi
tion in 1674.
It was said that the sculptor com
mitted sluiced when it was pointed out
to him that he had forgotten to put
saddle girths on the King's horse.
With the view of ascertaining the
proportion of foreign gold coin, com
pared with the French, the director of
the French mint requested the Bank of
France to obtain 50,000 pieces from the
tills of different branches in the prov
inces. An examination of that coin
showed that 41,583 were French and 8417
foreign, the latter representing nearly
17 per cent. The alien gold was princi
pally Belgian, Italian, Autro-Hungar
ian, Swiss, Russian, Greek, Spanish,
etc.
HIGH SCORES PREVAIL
DESPITE POOR LIGHT
August Jungblut, a Veteran Marksman,
in Great Form at Shell Mound,
Th#re were a number of rifle enthu
siasts at Shell Mound Park yesterday,
although the weather was against good
marksmanship. At many times during
the day the rain and darkness made it
almost impossible for the riflemen to
align their sights. Some remarkable
shooting was done by the members of
the San Francisco Schuetzen Verein in
the competition shoot. August Jung
blut, a veteran enthusiast, made 71
and 70 rings out of a possible 75, and
was heartily applauded by his com
rades. Although there were, but twelve
competitors in this contest, seven
members n)ade 70 or over and four
made more than 68, # an exceptionally
line average even *in the best of
weather. Fred Brandt and Herman
Huber tied on 69 and 71 rings each,
giving A. Jungblut a close call for the
honors.
In the bullseye contests of the day
Louis Bendel of the San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein was high man among
his comrades with 148 points. Henry
Bach of the Red Men's Schuetzen Com
pany was the lucky winner of the
Captain Siebe medal on the bullseye
target, with 218 points to his credit H.
Bornholdt of the Germania Club was
high, with 306.
The veterans of the National Guard,
who started In yesterday for regular
monthly competitions, were disap
pointed by the unfavorable weather
and did not make the high scores an
ticipated, although a number of crack
shots are among the members.
William Garms, the veteran marks
man, has given a gold medal to the
Shell Mound Club, to be competed for
during the year. The trophy is Jo be
awarded to the rifleman making the
best three bullseyes during the year.
Captain L. Slebe has also contributed
a gold medal, to be competed for by
the highest three men In each class.
The organizations which took part in
CAIRNS TO BOX
CLEVER POWELL
Will Meet to Decide Posses
sion of the So Called
Amateur Championship
Bob Cairns, the boxer, will strive to
take the so-called amateur lightweight
championship title from Lew Powell
when they meet In Woodward's Pa
vilion next Friday night before the
Hawthorne Club. Cairns is accused of
having dodged a meeting with Mike
Synfy last Friday night. He says he
sustained an injury to his shoulder
some days since. Knowing he had to
take on Powell he preferred to skip
Synfy, whom he had already beaten,
and be in perfect shape for the more
important match.
Another good bout will be between
"Rough House" McDonald and Frank
Mayfield. These two are sluggers and
should make things lively while in the
ring. There will be two special events
in the bantam class. Harry Tenny
meets Frank Edwards, while Harry
Baker meets Eddie Kehoe. The winner
of the last bout will be matched to
fight George Finnlgan for the bantam
championship. George Curran and
Young Dempsey will battle again. Last
week the pair met and Dempsey gained
a close decision. Willie Wolff and
Charlie Dunn, two hard hitters, will
also perform. The programme will open
with Pete Sullivan and Jack Keegan.
Eddie Smith will referee the bouts.
The proceeds will be devoted to buying
new apparatus and repairing the pres
ent quarters of the club.
ST. MARK'S CATHEDRAL
TO BE FULLY REPAIRED
Famous Edifice in Venice Will Be
Given Another Thousand-
Year Lease fef Life.
VENICE, Jan. 22. —To thousands of
Americans who have visited Venice,
and that vastly greater number whom
books and pictures have made fami
liar with its beauties, the tidings that
St. Mark's —the crowning glory of the
bridal city of the Adriatic—was in
danger of collapse, must have caused
deep regret. It is pleasant, therefore,
to be able to convey the assurance,
obtained by personal interview with
the municipal authorities, that im
mediate steps will be taken to avert
what would be a catastrophe not only
for Venice or Italy, but for the whole
world.
The work of restoration and repair is
to be done in the most thorough fash
ion, while preserving intact the artistic
and antique value of the walls and
decorations. Attention will first be di
rected to strengthening the vaults and
foundations which have subsided Under
the tremendous weight they have to
sustain. The roof that now weighs so
heavily upon them is to be raised and
the large internal pillars which support
them will be strengthened. There will
be no more tinkering at restoration by
patching up the worst places. The en
tire building will be taken in hand and
; given such an overhauling as will give
I the old church a reasonable guarantee
j of another thousand years lease of life.
It will cost a lot of money, but to in
sure the safety of St. Mark's. Venice
will rally as one man. and if outside
assistance be needed Italy will sun
ply it.
Cornelius Vanderbilt Soldiering.
Lieutenant Cornelius Vanderbilt Is
very popular in the Twelfth Regiment
by reason of his democratic ways and
the spirit he displays in his relations
with the enlisted men. He particularly
earned the approbation of the un
striped men of his command in the rev
! cent maneuvers at Manassas. On the
j march back from Wellington on the
third day of the maneuvers, when it
was go as you please, one of the mem
bers of his company caught up with
Lieutenant Vanderbilt, who was well
to the front. All the National Guards
men were pretty well played out, men
and officers alike, by the march to
Wellington and the sham battle. "Well.
Lieutenant, how do you feel?" asked
the private. "I feel like 30 cents," re
plied Lieutenant Vanderbilt, "and
that's pr-Jtty cheap for a Vanderbilt."
The private and some boon com
panions had commandeered a keg of
cider at a roadside store, and his can
teen was filled with the liquid. "Here,
have a swig of this," said the private.
With the strap still around the pri
vate's shoulders Lieutenant Vander
bilt stopped and tilted the canteen to
his lips. "Better than any champagne
I ever drank." he said when the
. gurgling ceased. —New York Tribune.
the shooting were the Veterans of the
National Guard of California, Golden
Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, San Fran
cisco Schuetzen Verein, Red Men's
Schuetzen Company, Germania
Schuetzen Club and the Norddeutscher
Schuetzen Company. The scores fol
low:
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein, monthly
bullseye shoot—Louis Bendel 148. F. Pape 336,
John de YtfAt 376. F. Rust 392, Captain Henry
Stelling 429, John Peters 467, H. Huber 655,
Henry Bornholdt 613, A. Westphal 631. O. H.
Bahrs 800, F. P. Bchuster 927, Charles Thier
bach 953, E5. Ipsen 970, F. Heino 1006. F.
Brandt 1107, L. Barner 1154, J. Hartmann 13S8,
O. Lemcke 1432. E. Doell 1486, D. Salfleld 1501.
Competition shoot—D. Salfleld, 67, 71; F.
Brandt, 69, 71; H. Huber, 69, 71; F. P. Schus
ter, 70, 69; F. Heino, 65. 67; A. Jungblut, 71.
70: H. Stelling, 65, 68; L. Bendel, 67, 71; A.
Westphal, 68 67; Otto 66, 70; H.
Bornholdt, 66; F. Rust, 68.
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly bullseye
•hoot —H. Bornholdt 306, F. Brandt 851, H.
Stelling 379, B. Jonas 405, H. Huber 689. A.
Jungblut 706, W. F. Blasse 723, J. Gefken 755,
L. Bendel 768, C. Thlerbach 844. William Doell
963, G. H. Bahrs 986 L M. F. Blasse 1090, F. P.
Schuster 1335; 8 . Heino 1444, J. Hartmann
1462, J. EL Klein 1739, D. Huntemann 1009.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, monthly
medal shoot —First champion class, H. Huber
422; second champion class. D. Salfleld 394;
first class, J Gefken 400; second class. L.
Brune 392; third class, A. Westphal 381. Best
first shot, H. Huber 26; best last shot, G.
Schults 28.
Veteran National Guard of California,
monthly prize shoot—Chris Mayer 41. S. J.
Pembroke 4L Colonel H. J. Burns 38, Captain
John E. Klein 38. Otto Nolte 38, Charles E.
Thlerbach 38. John C. Ringen 35, D. Wuldern
34. John H. Kuhlke 33, Captain Lud—lg Slebe
33, F. T. Engle 38.
Redmen's Shooting Company, monthly medal
shoot —First champion class, ~/illiam Gressler
200; second champion class, Herman Schult
177; first class. F. Werlen 176; second class, D.
Tamke 181; third class. H. Nicolai 118; fourth
class, John Schmidt 141. Best first shot, C. G.
Strippel 24; best last shot, E. Tamke.
Bullseye shooUng—First prize. Captain L.
Siebe medal; Lieutenant Henry Bach 218; eec
nd, C. G. Strippel 710; third, W. Dressier 787;
fourth, D. Tamke 1244; fifth, H. Nicolai 1424.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
competition—Medal bars, W. F. Blasse 215.
Re-entry match—M. F. Blasse, 222, 214, 213,
210; W. F. Blasse, 218. 213. 211. 210, 209; flags,
M. F. BlasseT3, W. F. Blasse 2.
BOLL-FIGHTER
WILL PERFORM
Senor Robles to Illustrate
the Spanish Pastime in
Woodward's Pavilion Ring
Senor Enrico Robles, the Spanish bull
fighter, will give an exhibition of the
sport of Spain on Wednesday night in
Woodward's Pavilion. All brutal features
have been eliminated and the fair sex
can see the daring toreador in action.
The floor of the spacious pavilion will
be covered with tanbark and a fence
six feet high will inclose the beasts.
Two bulls brought from Butchertown
will be used in the exhibition. In order
to get the animals to the pavilion six
vaqueros have been engaged, and they
will drive the beasts to the inclosure in
the early hours of to-morrow morning.
Robles has had a new costume made
for the exhibition. It is of blue and
gold and cost $250. Robles has been
fighting bulls for fourteen years. He
has been gored a number of times and
bears marks on his head and body
from attacks by the animals. He is 29
years of age and weighs 190 pounds. He
has been training for this occasion and
will enter the arena In good condition.
He is agile and will show the specta
tors how simple it Is for an expert to
sidestep a rushing bull. He has given
exhibitions of his prowess throughout
the United States and has been highly
praised for his daring and clever work.
EMINENT JUDGE
PUT ON TRIAL
Prominent Englishman Is
Made to Submit to Author
ity of Small Police Court
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Jan. 22.—Seldom has there
been a more striking reversal of things
judicial than that presented by the ex
traordinary spectacle of one of the most
eminent, experienced and respected
of English judges on trial In a rural
police court, charged with breaking the
law which he has so long ably admin
istered.
Sir William Grantham is accused of
violating the building enactments of an
Inconspicuous country council by out
raging their dignity and setting their
powers at defiance by persisting In the
erection of cottages on his estate after
they had refustfß to pass his plans. The
legal drama abounds In elements of
Gllbertian humor, which might well
furnish material for a companion comic
opera to the "Trial by Jury."
Its farcical elements have been re
lieved by a touch of genuine pathos.
At one stage of the proceedings the
venerable Judge, overcome by the
sense'of th# indignity thrust upon him,
and the ingratitude shown him by his
neighbors, gave way to sobs and tears.
Sir William Grantham is now verg
ing on 3 severity. He has been eighteen
years on the bench. Prior to that for
many years he had an extensive prac
tice at the bar. Both as a lawyer and
a Judge he has had much to do with
cases involving disputes concerning
buildings, plans and architectural de
tails. On such matters he ranks* hitch
as a legal expert.
He inherited a country estate at
Barecombe, in Sussex, where he has
played the role of a benevolent land
ed proprietor for half a century.
During that period he has expended
over $200,000 in building construction
and improvements.
Among his tenants he is regarded
as a model landlord. One of his hob
bies Is the erection of cheap but com*
modious and healthy cottages for
workingmen on his property.
That in a matter at .present engaging
much attention In England among en
lightened men who recognize the evils
of over-crowding in the big cities and
are striving to make it possible for a
larger proportion of the laboring
classes to dwell in the country.
Sir William drew up the plans and
designs for a number of these cottages
himself. As required by law he sub
mitted them for approval to the collec
tive wisdom of the Challey Rural Dls
FOUR STAKES
ARE DECIDED
Freeport, Foxhunter, Quita
and Reckless Acrobat Are
Winners at Ingleside Park
FAVORITES HAVE A DAY
Trials Are Closely Contest
ed but the Talent Finds
No Trouble in Cashing
Four stakes were decided yesterday
at Ingleside Coursing Park. The class
and reserve events left unfinished from
last Sunday were captured by Quita
and Reckless Acrobat respectively.
Foxhunter defeated Wild Turkey in
the deciding course of the 40-dog re
serve stake, while Freeport won the
flag from Friendless Boy in the final of
the class stake.
The coursing during the day was of
the highest order despite the unfavor
able weather conditions. The betting
was unusually brisk during the day.
The dogs were evenly matched but the
talent seemed to have no trouble in
picking winners and the shortenders
fared badly.
The deciding course of the day proved
an exciting one. Freeport showed sev
eral lengths of speed over Friendless
Boy and scored many points before the
Boy got in the running. The hare was
a strong one and carried them over the
time limit. Friendless Boy was run
ning over the favorite at the end. The
hare spoiled the chances of Friendless
Boy by making his escape.
Foxhunter was made a 5 to 1 favorite
over Wild Turkey and scored after a
close run. Quita defeated Carlow Boy
in an unsatisfactory trial. Through the
favor of the hare the latter got the
turn a*hd made a quick kill. Reckless
Acrobat showed more speed than old
Sacramento Boy. Although the latter
was favored by the hare, he was not
able to beat the red dog. The following
are the day's results in detail:
Reserve stales—Annie Ryne bent Little
Plunger, Shotgun beat Frank Dunn, Real
Pasha beat Miss Florence, Conroy beat Mirth
ful, Star Sylvanus beat Mark Twain, Brewery
Maid beat Belvedere, Siroo beat Mlaa Green,
Foxhunter beat Lily York, Sunnybrook beat
Miss Lucille, Crawford Belle beat Reckless
Rose, Wild Turkey beat Pure Pearl, Loretta
beat Peerless Beauty, Gold Chain beat Com
mercial Traveler, Ragged Actor beat Rial to.
Free Born beat Ina Clssua, Secretive beat Bel
fast, Hidden Hatred beat Ruby Sankey. Kid
Clair beat Royal Friend, Miss Domestic beat
Forest Fire, Cubanola a bye. Bob R with
drawn.
Second round —Annie Ryne beat Shotgun,
Real Pasha beat Conroy, Star Sylvanus beat
Brewery Maid, Foxhunter beat Slroc, Craw
ford Belle beat Sunnybrook Wild Turkey beat
Loretta, Gold Chain beat Ragged Actor, Free
Born beat Secretive, Hidden Hatred beat Kid
Clair, Miss Domestic beat Cubanola.
Third round—Real Hasha beat Annie Ryne,
Foxhunter beat Star Sylvanus, Wild Turkey
beat Crawford Belle, Gold Chain beat Free
Born, Miss Domestic beat Hidden Hatred.
Fourth round—Foxhunter beat Real Pasha,
Wild Turkey beat Gold Chain, Miss Domestto
a bye.
Fifth round—Foxhunter beat Miss Domestic;
Will Turkey a bye.
Deciding course—J. Doyle's Foxhunter (For
tuna Favente-Mount Ida) beat G. H. McDou
gall's Wild Turkey (Lethbridge-Sky Midget).
Class stake—Renegade Apache beat Sampler;
Richard Anton beat Sea Lion; Agile Spurt beat
May Tunlson; Friendless Boy a bye, Charter
Member withdrawn; J E H beat Princess Sa
voy; The Referee beat Belle Free; Lancashire
Lad a bye. Pasha Pleasant withdrawn; Free
port beat Lost Chord.
Second round—Renegade Apache beat Rich
ard Anton; Friendless Boy beat Agile Spurt;
The Referee beat J E H; Freeport beat Lanca
shire Lad.
Third round—Friendless Boy beat Renegade
Apache; Freeport beat The Referee.
Deciding course—G. Whalen's Freeport (Fet
ter Free-Port Costa Lass) beat T. Jolly's
Friendless Boy (Fetter Free-Dawn).
Last week's reserve stake: Fifth round—
Sacramento Boy beat Haphazard; Reckless Ac
robat a bye.
Deciding course—F. Shultis' Reckless Acro
bat (Fortune Favente-Llttle Beauty) beat D.
Walsh's Sacrameneo Boy (Winged Foot-Tipper
ary Lass).
Last week's class stake: Third round —Car-
low Boy beat Rocked Asleep: Quita a bye.
Deciding" course—George Nethercott's Quita
(Rocker-Little Wonder) beat L. Corder'a Car
low Boy (Gladiator-Mac's Rosebud).
FOLK WILL SHUT DOWN
ST. LOUIS WINE ROOMS
Governor Also Orders Action Taken at
Once Against Gambling
Resorts.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Jan. 22.—
"Wine rooms and gambling resorts
must be closed in St. Louis."
This is the emphatic statement made
by Governor Folk. Instructions al
ready have gone forward to Chief
Kiely ordering him to begin immedi
ately the work of reform. « The Gov
ernor's Instructions are plain. No
matter by whom the places are run,
he says, no influence must be allowed,
personal or otherwise, to interfere
with their closing.
Flights of the Albatross.
Of all the strange creatures seen by
travelers not the least Interesting Is
the wandering albatross. This great,
feathered wanderer, sometimes measur
ing seventeen feet from tip to tip of his
wings, will follow a ship for days at a
time. Some travelers and sailors de
clare that they have seen a particular
bird fly for weeks at a time without
resting. The albatross has always been
a bird of mystery, and In ancient times
the people believed that these un
wearying seabirds were the companions
of the Greek warrior Diomedes, who
were said to have been changed Into
birds at the death of their chief.
Though the superstition about the
killing of an albatross bringing bad
luck Is only a foolish one, it has served
a useful purpose for many years In pre
venting the slaughter of these beauti
ful and gallant birds—the Bailors'
friends and the landsmen's wonder. Up
in dreary Kamschatka, that outlying
part of Siberia which cuts into the
North Pacific, the natives, never hav
ing heard of the superstition about the
albatross, catch him and eat him. But
his flesh makes such poor food that,
after all, the legend may be said to
hold good, for he is indeed in bad luck
who has to make a meal of it.—Ottawa
Free Press.
trict CounciL Included in that august
body are ten farmers, two retired
clergymen and two retired tradesmen.
The plans were unintelligible to
them and were held up. Sir William,
however, decided that he would pro
ceed with the erection of the cottages'
On his estate were several similar ones,
already occupied, which had proved
thoroughly san tary and in every re
spect satisfactory.
The Rural Council held several
meetings to consider the matter. If
the cottages were completed they
would afford standing proof of their
own incapacity. Besides it behooved
them to maintain their dignity and
authority. They decided to prosecute
the Judge.
FOOTBALL MEN
PLAY IN RAIN
Call Off Their Match Games
and Then Indulge in Prac
tice to Keep in Form
OCCIDENTALS FORFEIT
Refuse to Meet the Independ
ents at Freeman's Park
Because of Muddy Ground
The inclement weather put a damper
yesterday on the ardor of the Associa
tion footballers. The match between
the Independent and Occidental teams,
which was to have taken place at Free
man's Park, Golden Gate, and was ex
pected to prove a fast game, was for
feited, the Occidentals refusing to play
on the wet ground. The Independents
kicked one goal and took the two
points for the match. The Independ
ents then made up sides and played a
practice game.
At Idora Park, Oakland, the game
between the Oakland Hornets atod Al
bion Rovers was postponed, the referee
considering the ground too heavy and
rain-soaked for play.
On the cricket ground at Webster
street, Alameda, the Eagles and Pick
wicks were scheduled to appear in a
match for the championship of the
California Association Football League.
The league match was postponed and
a practice game was played. Lancas
ter, Killinger and one or two Eagles
went home, while W. T. Bowcock and
Kirvin of the Pickwicks played for the
Eagles. In the first period the Pick
wicks and Eagles obtained two goals
each. In the second period the Pick
wicks obtained another goal, and the
score at the finish was: Pickwicks, 3
goals; Eagles, 2 goals. The teams oc
cupied the following positions:
Pickwicks—Moon, goalkeeper: A. E.
Bowcock and Krauskopp, fullbacks;
Watters, Warren and Miller, half
backs; Bowden, Ingranni and Robert
son, forwards.
Eagles—W. T. Bowcock, goalkeeper;
Bennett and McKee, fullbacks; Walk
up and Kirvin, halfbacks; W. Lee, J.
G. Croll, Churchill. W. Schulte and
Dirks (captain), forwards.
LORD CURZON REBUKED
BY HIS AIDE-DE-CAMP
Incident That Reveals 111 Feeling Be
tween Viceroy and His
Brother-in-lJiw.
LONDON, Jan. 22 —If Lord Curzon '
had had his way it is doubtful wheth
er his aide-de-camp, the Earl of Suf
folk, would have married Miss Daisy
Letter. The Earl is a man of a most
independent nature, and it is well
known that such men cannot get en
comfortably with the Indian Viceroy.
The autocratic manner of Lord Cur
zon never ruffled the Earl, and when
others shook and shivered at the
sound,-pf his voice his aide would View
his most violent outbursts with the
utmost complacency.
One day they were on a bear hunt
ing expedition in India, and after a
fruitless search for nearly a whole
day were on the point of returning
home when Lord Curzon espied a
young animal crouching behind a tree.
Now the etiquette of bear hunting in
India requires that the animals should
be dispatched with a special kind of
dagger. On seeing the young bear,
however. Lord Curzon lifted his rifle
and shot the animal dead.
"That's a cowardly thing to do!"
angrily shouted the Earl; "you ought
to know that sportsmen do not use
their rifles on bears except in cases of
exceptional emergency."
Lord Curzon, red with rage, walked
rapidly up to the Earl and, standing
face to face with him, demanded an in
stant apology. "Do you dare call me
a coward?" roared the Viceroy.
"You are not playing the game,"
quietly responded the Earl, and with
that Lord Curzon turned around, left
the party and went home alone. Every
body thought that Lord Suffolk was
going to be cashiered, but It afterward
transpired that Lady Curzon had a
high opinion of the Earl and that It
was she who was really responsible for
retaining him on the Viceroy's staff.
Boers Still Fighting.
Commandant Jan Louw, the Boer of
ficer who refused to lay down his arms
when his fellow country mea surren
dered to the British and who fled to the
Longberg Mountains, on the borders of
German West Africa, with his band of
burgher fighters, has been successfully
resisting the combined English and
German forces in South Africa for
more than two years. In June, 1902,
when the Boer army capitulated, Louw
fled with only about 300 men. Within
the first year, however, this number
was increased to 2000, and to-day he is
said to have a combined force of 8000
sturdy warriors under his command.
Many Boers still believe that their
country can be reclaimed and many of
them look to Louw as the man who will
start the next rebellion. There exists
an understanding among Boers and
their sympathizers that the next upris
ing will be in 1906, and it is also stated
that 16,000 men have agreed to respond
to the commandant's call.—Chicago
Chronicle.
""'The'average woman thinks she Is
braver than her husband because she
Is the first to hear a noise in the
night.
|
Weak Men and
Rupture Cured.
?OT / * VELOP KKW
oSsl* 2 FULLY kk
w? kirk as i)
IffgcTuc ?tJPJ2S YOUTH. It la the
i 71*1??%. !JTJr<- cjpao 4 only po«ltlvt mes-os
'fil SQUARE * known which win
I fully e °l&rg* and
U WaWtmil * completely develop
the organs. Ut-ed with our Soluble Medicated
URETHRAL MCDX-Al KM* m^ ma **>
Urethral Urayona, quickly cures ail drains and
dischargee. Varicocele, Stricture. Premature
Ptcay, Enlargement of Prostate Gland, etc.
Special cure for RUPTURE I no knife, no de
lay from work. Guarantee perfect core.
Money left In bank. Our ohysicians are
well known to be experienced and strictly re
l'able specialists and cure Rnptare and ell
dleeasea of men only by modern methods. Call
(or free examination and full details of our
special cure for Rnntnre.
We want also especially every weak or un
developed man to call or write for our most in
structtve 100-page illustrated book. It fully ex
plains the action of our remarkable Vavnaut
and Crayon treatment. We have the most
succes«ful home cure In the world. We jri»a>
treatment on 10 daya' trtal and «»-
Sroval. Book • sent securely sealed, free,
very man should read It. Call or write to
day Hour. 9to 9. Bundaysjll tol VACUUM
, APPLIANCE CO.. « O'VarreU street.
1112
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Goldberg, Bowen & Co.
Prior to Stock Taking
20oV off prices' on Toilet Articles
The following requisites included in sale
„ - Hair, hat, tooth, nail, bath, cloth, com-
ISrUSneS plexion—large assortment to select from
Bath Mits and straps. SPONGES —All kinds
n - Good ones —the kind that last with reason-
COITIDS able wear.
For 3 days [$5 worth for $4.] Think quickly
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
EGGS — Quality guaranteed, last week 3'2#c doz. No C.O.D. ord;rs 25
Kona Coffee 20 Fard Dates-Black Ones 1.25
Usual good kind, regMy 26c lb 14 lb box, reg'ly 12#c lb
Prunes-itaiian 4 lbs 25 Canned Beets-3 ib cans 3 for 50
Tart wholesome, reg'ly 10c lb Oneida Community, regh 25c, *2.75
c v .. 9A- ik Preserved Ginger-c & b 25
French Peas-reg-iy 20: 15 Selected St », 35c ■
' Zb COCOa-Van Kouten % lb 20
'. Kippered Herring 20 re, v 95cib, >*ib 40, lb 80
Mofr's Scotch, reg'ly 25c can Sai'dineS-Boneless 25
Pine Apple-S.lced 20 reg'ly 30c can, lge size
Hawaiian, reg'ly 25c can SardineS-Plain 17*4
CatSUp-Blue Label 20 Frtnch fish ' re «' lv 20c ' lge size
Popular flavor, reg'ly 25c bot Shelled 35
m . . _ „ reg'ly 45c lb
Mushrooms-French 20 CK "„* A Almnn j c . .
]stchoix,re' C ly2sccan Shelled Almonds-Jordan 45
reg'lv 55c lb
; . Baked Beans-Piain 5 cans 25 Head Rice lg , bs LOO
Booth, reg ly 4 for 25c Good quality, reg'ly 14 lbs $1
• Baked Beans-in Tomato 15 Cheese-Eastern 17^
• Oneida Community, reg'ly 20c 3lb can Herkimer Co., Martin, reg'ly 20c, 25c Ib
Whisky- Old Stock Bourdon- reg'ly $1.50b0t, *6 gal 1.15, 4.50
Ginger Ale-- Belfast - Cochran & Co., reg'lv 11.50 doz 1.35
Sarsapan I la -Schweppe- London, reg'ly $ 1.50 doz 1.35
Port - Vista del Valle-Extra No. 2, reg'ly 60c bot, |2 gal 45, 1.50
Cocktails - Imperial-* kinds, reg'ly $1.25 bot 90
Claret - Extra V V- reg'ly $2.15 doz pts, $3.50 qts, $1 gal
Allowance for return of bottles 1.70, 2.90, 70
Scotch Whisky - Very Old Special - regi'y $1.25 bot 1.00
Absinthe - Berger- Popular French Bitters, regMy fl.Bo qt 1.20
You on depend upon the quality of what you buy here, the
lame with liquors as everything else.
FIVE WALTZERS
NEED PATCHING
Question as to Etiquette Is
Cause of Eow at Social
Affair in the Pavilion
• A simple question of etiquette at Mc
• Ginnis' ball Saturday night made one
section of the Mechanics' Pavilion look
like a riot at St. Petersburg. Five of
the casualties were patched up later at
. the Central Emergency Hospital.
During the lull between the waltz and
the deux temps Charles Gay politely
asked a lady with maroon hair. "Will
youse crawl the next dance with me.
kiddo? '
"Aw, you take a running jump at
yourself," replied the lady.
"You've got a front to ask a rag: to
crawl with you without getting; a
knockdown," remarked the damsel's es
cort, W. Bulger.
Gay quietly drained the beer mue he
was holding and brought it down on
Bulger's head. Bulger grabbed a chair
and fractured three of. its runes on
Gay's cranium. In the scuffle the pair
upset a lady who was conversing: with
Frank Edwards and Charles Creely.
Frank and Charles fell upon the strug
gling pair and the quartet rolled across
the ballroom floor.
The band struck up "Good by. My
Bluebell." "Clear the floor!" yelled the
manager. "The next dance is on."
Twenty revelers fell upon the quartet
with Deer mugs and more flew to their
• aid. For a while the rule was "punch
.every face you don't know." When the
police cleared the floor, the following:
casualties were discovered:
Charles Gay, lacerated wounds of the
■calp. *
W. Bulger, lacerated wounds of the
scalp.
Charles Creely, upper and lower lips
slit
Frank Edwards, knife wound In the
Bide.
Dr. I. A. McGough, contusion of the
head.
The doctor, who was hovering: on the
• edge of the scrimmage to lend first aid
to the injured, became entangled In the
whirl of flying flsts and was floored.
While the medico was down and out
somebody separated him from $15. The
victims were treated by Dr. Herzoer.
• SWALLOWS CARBOLIC ACID. —Daniel
White, an engineer, was found dead yeaterday
morning by his daughter at their home. 1512
Folsom street. He had swallowed the con
tents of a bottle of carbolic acid which he
had been U3ing as a lotion. When' Dr La*an
arrived he pronounced life extinct. White had
been suffering from melancholia for rome
' time. He was 53 years of age.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DO YOU
SHAVE YOURSELF?
THEN Van A
6'illeTTe Safety
Every Pay •nthaYear^^
The best, most convenient and de
lightfully comfortable of Razors. No
honing or stropping required. Price,
with 12 blades So.OO
STAB SAFETY KASOB—A splen
did one. Regular price $2.00. My
price 51.25
OTHEE BAZOBS. in high-class
makes, as low as SI.OO
Out-of-town orders promptly tilled.
THAT fIAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, The Stationer,
1008 MARKET STREET, Opp. Fifth.
SAN FRANCISCO.
SENDS A SHOT
INTO CANTEEN
Brawling and Murder Are in
Beer Sold in Beservations,
Says Bey. J. H. N. Willkms
"Shall we have the canteen within
and saloons without the Presidio
gates?" asked the Rev. James H. N.
Williams yesterday in an address at
Simpson Memorial Methodist Episco
pal Church. In answering the ques
tion in the negative Mr. Williams said:
There U drunkenness and brawling and
murder in canteen beer as in beer sold out
side of Government reservations. We charge
the canteen with being the place where appe
tites for stronger liquors were formed and de
veloped and that light wines and mild beers
cultivate a taste that later often call for the
stronger drinks.
Advocates of the canteen leave the Inference
that its abolition is the cause for Increased
desertions from the army, at least in a
greater degree than any other cause. But
this will not bear close examination. It is
true that our army is the best paid, best fed,
beat clothed and best sheltered army in the
world. And yet nine out of .ten of our saldiers
deserted last year. Harper's Weekly, seeking
to account for this large per cent of deser
tlons. recently gave a number of reasons,
among them being non-attraction of military
service in the time of peace, low wages, neces.
sary restriction of liberty, prevention from
getting ahead in the world. In ability to
marry and make a home and deprivation of
"moderate solace in post exchange beer."
If great corporations and railroad companies
employing large numbers of men prohibit
liquor drinking among their employes on the
ground of safety, economy and the welfare of
the men themslves, ought not the Government
to have an equal interest in the men who
wear its uniform? When the Government has
taken away the canteen from within the gates
can a self-respecting city government con
tinue to license saloons at the gates to entice
and corrupt the soldiers? Surely not. And so
we say. "No canteen within the gates and no
yawning saloons without." The fair name of
the city Is surely injured in the esteeem of
every visitor to the Presidio who must reach
Its main entrance through a street lined with
saloons. Every good citizen desiring the wel
fare of the soldier and appreciative of every
effort In his behalf will Indorse the work of
Major General Mac Arthur, who Is seeking to
banish these dives and brothels that cluster a:
the gates of the Presidio.
Here Is one of the finest military reserva
tions and posts in all the country, with a pros
pect of its ei.largment and improvement. But
if our city government takes no steps to clone
up those hell holes, and our citizens In general
are Indifferent to the disgraceful menace, can
we expect the national Government to spend
its money in enlarging and in beautifying the
grounds'?
The liquor power has long enough held San
Francisco by the throat and controlled Its pub
lic affairs. Something needs to be done of a
very vigorous kind, not only at the gates of the
Presidio, but In other parts of the city. A raid
now and then in Chinatown and In some
brothel alley or dive is a very puerile and
farcical aftair. From headquarters out to the
farthest point that Is reached by city power
and authority we need government that stands
for all that is clean and wholesome, and that
Is the recognized enemy of all evil-doers who
can neither expect nor find protection or con
nivance in their wicked ways. That la not to
be looked for under the present administration
We need, first of all, a Mayor with moiai
conviction and Influence, who will gather about
him men of like feeling and purpose; who can
be relied upon to lead In moral reforms and to
put down graft until our city shall have a name
that Is as fair as her situation Is beautiful and
commercially advantageous.
Then no three thousand saloons will act as
highwaymen In the city's midst, and no pen
will be defiled In a Mayor's hand by signing
an ordinance that licenses such a monstrous
gambling plant as Ingleside. But all good peo
ple must be awake and alert, for the enemy
sletpeth not. We must know what we want,
demand It and get it. The power Is our* If we
but use our right.
Burglar Takes Clothing.
A. Lehman, who rooms at 223
Franklin street, is now minus his Sun
day clothing, which was stolen out of
his room some time during Saturday
night. The thief was apparently well
acquainted with the interior of Leh
man's room, as he entered while the
man and his wife were asleep and car
ried off the wearing apparel without
disturbing them. A description of the
missing garrients has been furnished
the police.
Threatens Negro's Life.
Joseph Foran, a coachman, em
ployed by Nolan's stables, California
street, near Polk, was arrested last
night for threats against life and for
carrying a concealed weapon. Foran
threatened the life of Richard Curry,
a negro stableman. He accused
Curry of stealing his hat, and a quar
rel ensued. Foran got hold of a pis
tol and pursued Curry from the stable.
Foran was booked at the North End
station.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1905,
THUG WAYLAYS
A BARTENDER
John E. Towne Is Beaten
and Bobbed by Bold High
wayman on Barbary Coast
JAW AND BIBS BBOKEN
Watch and Coin Taken From
Victim Are Found in the
Boom of Supposed "Fence*
John E. Towne, a bartender living
at 1683 Page street, lies in bed at his
home in a sorely battered condition as
a result of an encounter witn a high
wayman on the "Barbary Coast" early
yesterday morning. The holdup man
stepped out of a doorway, struck
Towne on the head with a blunt in
strument and after robbing him of a
watch and chain, knife and $13. in
coin, left him 'lying on the sidewalk.
The holdup occurred at the corner
of Montgomery avenue and Broadway
shortly after 3 o'clock. Towne was on
his way home when he was attacked.
He says the ruffian jumped out of a
doorway, and dealt him a heavy blow.
After that Towne was unconscious un
til he woke up half an hour later. He
limped with difficulty up Montgomery
avenue till he found Patrolman Ba
kulich, to whom he related his expe
rience with the highwayman.
Backulich started an investigation.
Late in the afternoon he visited the
rooms of Robert Comaro at Dupont
and Vallejo streets and after a care
ful search, discovered two $5 pieces
and the watch and knife stolen from
Towne. The articles were carefully
secreted under a mattress. The watch
and knife were covered with mud.
Comaro has long been suspected by
the police of acting as a "fence," or
one who receives and disposes of prop
erty stolen by burglars. He was ar
rested later by Bakulich and held at
the City Prison pending an investiga
tion. The police think his brother
may know something about the rob
bery and are looking for him.
Towne is suffering from a broken
jaw, two fractured ribs and several
minor bruises and scratches. He
thinks "he was hit with a club or some
blunt weapon. He is unable to fur
nish the police with any description of
his assailant, as he says he was taken
by surprise.
RAILROADS BUSILY
BUILDING IN WEST
Magnate James J. Hill Is Preparing to
Invade the Territory of the
Haniman Lines.
The local construction department
of the Harrlman lines is interested in
the preliminary work now under way
by James J. Hill for building a branch
of the Great Northern from Sioux City
to Omaha. It will connect with the
Burlington lines in Western Nebraska,
The new branch will give shorter con
nection to the Pacific over the Hill
roads. Northern Pacific and Great
Northern, and means the expenditure
of a large sum for treminals at Sioux
City and additional terminals at
Omaha. To local railroad men this
move iS regarded as an invasion by the
Hill" syndicate of the Harriman terri
tory and is expected to result in some
lively competition between the two big
railroad interests for business in tjjat
particular section of the West.
The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe
Company is about to award contracts
to Lantry & Sharp for the building of
the first forty miles of the proposed
new line across Arizona and New Mex
ico, which will take the place of the
present main l'ne. The cut-off will
extend from Congress Junction, just
north of Phoenix, west toward th-i
Colorado River. These changes have
been made imperative by floods and
washouts. The Oregon Railroad and
Navigation Company is soon to build a
branch from Tekoa, Wash., eastward,
by way of the confluence of the St.
Maries and St. Joe rivers, to the Coeur
d'Alene Reservation.
Director of Maintenance and Opera
tion Julius Kruttschnit of the Har
r'man lines has placed another large
order for equipi ient. It includes pas
senger coaches, chair cars, baggage
and postal cars. They will be dis
tributed to the San Pedro, Los Angeles
and Salt Lake road; Southern Pacific,
Oregon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany and Kansas City Southern.
FIRST HEBREW BENEVOLENT
SOCIETY HOLDS MEETING
Report Shows Gain In Membership
and Annual Election of Officers
Takes Place.
The First Hebrew Benevolent So
ciety held its fifty-seventh annual
meeting yesterday morning at 436
O Farrell street. The work of the year
was reviewed in a report by President
Ellis and the annual election of officers
was held.
President Ellis reported a total
membership of 265, a gain of thirty
two for the year. The subject of af
filiating with other charities was dis
cussed in the report and resulted in
the appointment of a committee of
five to" meet like committees from
other Jewish charitable societies. The
receipts showed a total of $4261 85, as
against disbursements for charity of
$4937 70.
The following officers were elected:
President, James M. Ellis; vice presi
dent, M. H. Lichierajtein; secretary,
Sclomon Zekind; treasurer, E. Strun
sky; trustees—M. Samuels, Otto J.
Wise, Gustave Schne* Joseph Rosen
thal and Edmund Tauszky.
INSULTS MONGREL DOG
AND GETS A THRASHING
C. W. Smith Is Too Particular About
the Company His Blooded
Canines Keep.
Because C. W. Smith **ras differ par
ticular about the kind of canine com
pany his dogs kept, he received an
ugly cut on the head yesterday. Smith
was walking along Webster street ac
companied by his pet bow wow. A
yellow dog with dejected whiskers
ani all the marks of the plebeian ap
proached Smith's animals wagging his
tail.
"Get out," shouted Smith.
• "What's the matter?" inquired a
tattered individual, who resembled
the mongrel. "Ain't my dog good
enough to associate with your geez
ers? He's the best rat dog in the
city."
"He's a sooner," retorted Smith.
"Keep him away from my dogs."
The mongrel's master struck Smith
over the head with an umbrella.
"Don't you insult my dog," he yelled,
flourishing the weapon over the pros
trate owner of the aristocratic can
ines. "All dogs is free and equal.
Take your ki-yis to Blingum if they're
too good for this place."
Smith's cut was dressed by Dr. Wil
son at the Central Emergency Hospi
tal. _
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists.soc flask. RICHARDS & C 0.,406 Clay*
ORPHEUM BILL
WORTH SEEING
Entertainment at the Popu
lar Playhouse Combines
Music, Fun and Acrobatics
SEXTET IS VEEY GOOD
Joseph Murphy in "Shaun!
Bhue" Pleases a Large
Audience at the California
Very strong in chiffons. If not in
voice, is the Carter de Haven sextet,
that leads the Orpheum bill this week.
The sextet is late of the gone but not
forgotten Weber & Fields aggrega- J
tion, with Carter de Haven from any
where in yie bill dropping into the big
type. Mr. de Haven may deserve it <
some day; he has a heel thtt might al- j
most have landed him there now. How- i
ever, it is as a miniature Weber &
Fields that he is entitled to chief atten
tion.
The. turn is a Weber & Fields show j
In miniature—miniature burlesque, a j
chorus in miniature, and with even a 1
miniature Lillian Russell. There is only ;
nothing miniature about the manage
ment, the littleproduction being mount- \
ed in what the press agents call "su
perb" fashion. The ladies are chiffoned,
spangled and ruffled three or four times
during the turn, all in handsomest
manner, and Mr. de Haven does his
best for the sextet in a trio of suits by
Poole. As to the entertainment, the
sextet sings, dances, plays the piano,
burlesques, much as the sprouting
Weber & Fieldians might have done,
and fills un twenty minutes or so in |
pleasant fashion. Mr. de Haven and
Carrie Bowman, in imitation of Charlie
Ross and Lillian Russell, furnish the
fun. I
Binns, Blnns and Blnns are others
new on the bill. Binns the third Is new ;
here, but the others are old favorites, j
They bring a new musical turn, with, j
I think, the first Stroh violin tp come \
here. The instrument is well Vworth ;
hearing as a curiosity, having the ef- j
feet of an unusually powerful violini
with an intermixture of the brass tone. !
The instrument is without the usual
wooden belly, having instead an alu- |
mlnum sounding "board" below the:
bridge that communicates with a silver •
trumpet-like tube running alongside
the finger board. Binns knows how to i
play it, too, and the trio also revive the j
lost art of concertina playing, fiddles a 1
bit with the piano, tootles cleverly on
the cornet and furnishes some excellent j
fun, by the way.
Alcide Capitaine, "the perfect worn- j
an," is another new entertainer. By j
much the Capitaine is the prettiest I
thing in gymnasts that comes this way. j
She is a small but absolutely symmet- j
rlcal creature, with a profile that might j
have been imported from Greece. Her
work, mostly on the flying trapeze and
the rope, is a marvel of grace and dar- j
ing and as easy as Tetrazzini's scales.
Sleight of hand, hypnotism and com- 1
edy are ingeniously intermingled in the
act of the "great Thereses," who "hyp
notises" a confederate with distinctly
amusing and almost convincing results.
Of the rest. Will Cressy and Blanche
Dayne for their third week revive "Bill
Biffin's Baby." Mr. Cressy Is his own
inimitable New England self here, and
Miss Dayile is useful in the support, j
The ten Nelsons continue their sensa- i
tional "stunts," and Clifford and Burke !
and the four Avolas complete the bill.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
♦ • •
An appreciative audience of the men
and women who love the Emerald Isle
greeted "Old" Joe Murphy at the
California Theater last evening. Mur
phy is the youngest looking "old"
man that ever played a part, and he;
is always fresh in the memories of
the people from the land of peat. j
Larry Donovan is Murphy's ideal j
character. The California was packed j
to the balcony-shadowed rows of the j
rear house during the "Kerry Gow" j
enjoyment, but Shaun Rhue was even j
more to the Irish fancy than the initial :
Murphy characterization. Not a seat j
was left on sale at 8:30 o'clock.
There was many a tear in an Irish !
eye when Mr. Murphy sang "A Hand
ful of Earth" between the second and
third acts. There seemed to be the I
vim and vigor of Erin in the applause
that greeted the pathetic verses. Sen- j
ator "Dick" Welch, who escaped from i
Sacramento long enough to join a party
of well known men of Irish ancestry,,
thumped Dr. A. P. O'Brien's ur- j
brella so hard on the floor of a stage
box that he jolted the handle Into the j
popping optic of James Scanlan.
Ireland's pathetic memories stood as
if in bas relief In every one of Joe i
Murphy's lines. Years seemed to have ,
added "tone and fervor to his presenta- >
tions. The rest of the company did ex- i
cellent work, but "Old" Joe Murphy
was the soul of it all, and without Joe j
Murphy "Shaun Rhue" would be like j
Ireland without a shamrock.
KOPTA QUARTET GIVES A
CHAMBER MUSIC CONCERT
Renders Artistic Programme, Which
Pleases a I>arge and Represen
tative Audience.
| The Kopta Quartet's fourth cham- j
! ber music concert took place yesterday
j afternon at Lyric Hall and proved en- I
joyable. Those who took part were: I
jWenzel Kopta, first violin; John Jo-j
; sephs, second violin; Charles Heinsen,
viola; Adolph Lada, violoncello, and
Mrs. Oscar Mansfeldt, pianist.
There was a large representation of
musical people. Following was the j
programme:
Sonata for piano and violin. Op. 120, Sonata I
Chromatlque (Raff), allegro andante non j
troppo lento larramento. allegro; string quar
tet Op <4, No. lU, harp quartet (Beethoven)— !
' (a)' poco adagio allegro, (b) adagio ma non 1
! troppo (c) echerzo presto and prestissimo, (d)
allegro con variatlone allegro; piano, trio. Op. !
60 by request (Tschaikowsky). dedicated to
the remembrance of a great artist.
Part j Pezzo eleglaco; moderato assal; alle
gro guiato; adagio; allegro.
Part II —Thema con variatlone; .andante
con mbto. Variatlone 1, cantabile; variatlone
2 olu mosso; variatlone 3, allegro moderato;
varlatone 4, llstesso tempo; variatlone 5, lis- ,
tesso t«mpo; variatione U, tempo dl valse; var
iatlone 7. allegro moderato; variatione S, fuga j
allegro moderato; variatlone ». andante flebile !
ma non tanto; variatlone 10, tempo dl ma- j
zurka; variatlone 11, moderato; variatlone 12,
finale c coda; allegro rlsoluto c con fuoco; lu
gubre ptangendo.
Mrs. Smith Placed Under Arrest.
Mrs. Josephine Smith was arrested
at the Chronicle building yesterday
afternoon for disturbing the peace.
She was released In a few minutes on
$50 cash bail, furnished by her attor
ney. She was arrested on a warrant
svorn to by Mrs. Ada M. Bryant of
The Gables, Clay and Larkin streets.
Mrs. Bryant accuses Mrs. Smith of
calling upon her Thursday last and
using vile language. Mrs. Smith's hus
band, Charles H. Smith, cashier of the
Southern Pacific Company, lives at The
Gables and Mrs. Smith says she went
there with Policeman Mangan to get
evidence in her divorce suit. She does
not deny calling Mrs. Bryant a wicked
woman.
Bnrn eft's Vanilla Extract is sold
ty all tha bast grocers everywhere, try It •
RUNS FAR WITH
HIS NECK CUT
William B. Davis Severs His
Windpipe and Eushes to
Hall of Justice for Aid
IS SAVED BY SUEGEOX
Dr. Kucich Sews Ends of the
Larynx Together and Ite
stores Man's Eespiration
William *R. Davis, a negro porter,
severed his windpipe with a razor last
night in an attempt to take his life.
Regretting his action as soon as he felt
the pain inflicted by the sharp blade,
the injured man ran five blocks to the
Hall of Justice for aid, leaving a
stream of blood in his wake.
Davis was formerly a porter for A.
Zellerbach & Sons', paper dealers at 416
Sansome street. For the last month Ac
has been sick and out of work. Liquor
did the rest. The negro took to drink
and despondency ensued. Last night In
his room at 1006 Clay street Davis
meditated over his condition. Carefully,
he says, he stropped his razor and de
liberately slashed his neck.
After Davis cut his throat he changed
his mind about dying and rushed mad
ly to the Hall of Justice. Breathing
through the cut end of his larynx, the
injured man dashed past startled pe
destrians with blood streaming from
the huge wound in his neck and ran
into the Central police station. Lieu
tenant Green sent Davis to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital, where Dr.
Kucich performed a delicate operation,
sewing the ends of the larynx together
and probably saving the man's life. If
pneumonia does not set In Davis has a
good chance to recover.
PERSONAL.
Len D. Owens of Aetna Is at the Pal
ace.
O. H. Getty of New Orleans is at the
Occidental.
Adjutant General Joseph B. L-auck is
at the Occidental.
E. W. Wright of Bakersfield arrived
at the California yesterday.
Mr. and Mrs. P. R. Austin of Vic
toria, B. C, are guests at the Palace.
C. L. Bills and wife of Oroville are
among the latest arrivals at the Lick.
J. S. Graham, one of Seattle's promi
nent merchants, and his wife are at
the St. Francis.
A. J. McDonald, a well-known min
ing superintendent of Virginia City, is
registered at the St. Francis.
D. E. Brown, representative of the
Canadian Pacific Railroad Company at
Hongkong, is at the St. Franci%
E. Buckingham, general superinten
dent of the Oregon Short Line, Is here
from Salt Lake and staying at the St.
Francis.
R. H. Pease, president of the Good
year Rubber Company, will leave to
night for a short business trip to Port
land, Ore.
B. A. Worthlngton, assistant director
of maintenance and operations of the
Harriman lines, and his wife and
daughter are at the St. Franclß, hav
inglng returned yesterday from a visit
to his relatives in Sacramento.
* +
MOB THREATENS
GRIPMAN'S LIFE
Frenzied Crowd Struggles
to Do Violence to Carman
Who Buns Down M. Green
M. Green, a contractor and builder, of
1122 Howard street, was run over by a
Hayes-street car at Seventh and Mar
ket streets last night and died from
a fractured skull at the Central Emer
gency Hospital.
A howling mob surrounded the car
immediately after the accident and
threatened the life of the gripman, Ed
win Dittner. It required the combined
efforts of Sergeant Bush and three po
licemen to keep the crowd at bay.
Green's mangled body was taken from
beneath, the heavy vehicle with great
difficulty and the injured man was
rushed to the hospital.
Green was crossing the tracks in
front of the car about 10 o'clock last
night. As the car neared him he
slipped and fell. Spectators ray that
Gripman Dittner had ample time to
bring his car to a stop, but that he al
lowed it to run down the unfortunate
man. Dittner denies that he did not
use every effort to stop his car in time,
and says the tracks were so slippery
that the wheels slid.
While Green was being taken from
under the car the policemen kept the
mob away. Angry threats were hurled
at Dittner and he was saved from vio
lence only by the policemen, who bran
dished their clubs.
Dr. Kucich found that Green had sus
tained a fracture of the base of the
skull and a general contusing, of the
body. Green's identity was a mystery
for some time until his friend E. W.
Kirk, called at the hospital and identi
fied him. He died at 1 a. m. to-day.
SNEAK THIEVES AT WORK.—Albert H.
Lehman, 223 Franklin street, reported to the
police yesterday that some one entered his
house Saturday night and stole $31 worth
of clothing. The front door had been opened
with a key and he suspects a man who
formerly roomed there. Miss Harriet Ger
nosset, 1802 Hyde street, reported that a
satchel containing wearing apparel valued at
$:J0 was stolen on Saturday afternoon. She left
the satchel hanging on the handle of the door
while she went inside for a minute. When
she returned it had disppeared.
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
DISFIGURING ULCER
People Looked it Her in Amazement,
Pronoiiced Incurable. Fice New
Clear as E?er.
THANKS GODTOR CUTICURA
Mrs. P. Hackett, of 400 Van Buren
St., Brooklyn, N. V., says: "I wish
to give thanks for the marvelous cure
of my mother by Cuticura. She had
a severe ulcer, which physicians had
prononnced incurable. It was a ter
rible disfigurement, and people
would stand in amazement and look
after her. After there was no hope
from doctors she began using Cuti
cura Soap, Ointment, and Pills, and
now, thank God, she is completely
cured, and her face is as smooth ana
dear as ever."
Special Announcement!
LAST WEEK
OF OUR
Great Alteration Sale
To-morrow we will begin the
last week of our Great Altera
tion Sale, and genuine bargains
will still be offered In our Silk,
Dress Goods, Velvet, Linen, Flan
nel, Curtain, Waist and Muslin
Underwear Departments. This
will be the last opportunitu for
our customers to take advantage
of the low prices which have
prevailed during this sale.
111 to 121 Post Street
MYTHICAL FARM
ALLURES YOUTH
Charles Bierne Declares He
Paid Harry Wilson $100
but Failed to Get Ranch
An alleged land bunko man in the
person of Harry Wilson, alias Harry
Hitchcock, was arrested last night by
Patrolman Herlihey and registered at
the Central Police Station pending an
investigation. The complaining wit
ness is Charles Bierne, eighteen years
of age, who lives with his mother at
Bi3 Folsom street.
Bierne declares that he met Wilson
several weeks ago and the latter de
frauded him out of SIOO on a fake land
deal. According to the lad's story, he
encountered Wilson one night when
the latter confided in him a scheme he
had for selling a firfe piece of land near
Stockton, where a young man might
start a farm and with a little money
work the property along and make a
paying investment out of it.
Bierne says he took the story In good
faith and the following day went to
Stockton with Wilson, who showed him
a piece of land a short distance outside
the town and offered to let him have it
at a reasonable figure. The boy was
impressed with the offer and after con
sulting his mother told Wilson he
would buy the property.
Wilson consented to sell, but de
manded a deposit of SIOO before the
deal could be closed. Bierne says he
got the money and paid it over to Wil
son who Immediately disappeared.
The youth went to Stockton a few days
later to claim his farm, only to find
that Jt belonged to another. Then he
realized he had been bunkoed.
He says he was on the lookout for
Wilson since that time but never laid
eyes on him till last night when he saw
him in company with another young
fellow at the ferry. This third person
told Bierne he was going to Stockton to
purchase a farm from Wilson. Patrol
man Herlihey happened along at that
moment and Bierne pointed out Wilson
to him as the man who had bunkoed
him. The other lad disappeared when
he saw the officer take hold of Wilson.
The accused man is not known to the
police. He is a well-appearing person
with a glib tongue and smooth man
ners. He stoutly protests his inno
cence. Detectives will be put to work
on the case to-day.
LECTURES IN FRENCH
WILL BEGIN TO-MORROW
Robert Dupuey to Deliver Some Inter
esting Talks at Students' Obser
• vatory, Berkeley.
The lectures in French at the Uni
versity of California will begin to
morrow afternoon at 4 o'clock at the
Students' Observatory and will be open
to the public. The initial leoture is to
be delivered by Robert Dupuey to
morrow afternoon at 4 o'clock on
"Last Part of the Life of Paul Ver
line" (second reading).
Other lectures l n the series are as
follows: "Napoleon as a Corslcan " by
August Luzincki, editor of the Franco-
Calif orinen; Tuesday. January 31
"How Do You Like France?" by Rob
ert Dupuey; Thursday, February 2
"How Do You Like America?" by
Robert Dupuey; Tuesday, February 7,
"Would It Be an Advantage to Amer
ica to Know France Better?" by Rob
fXL D , u P"«y: Thursday, February 9,
Would It Be an Advantage to France
to Know America Better?" by Robert
MISCELIiANBOPS.
Eyes Itch, Blur,
Smart or Burn?
George Maycrle's Eyewater
CLEARS misty or blur-
JmJlEl&l rln * •S' e *. strengthens
w*>ak eyes, cures paln-
ful, itching, dlscharg-
lr'g, twitching or sore
eyes and floating spots, feeling- like sand In
eyes; rests tired eyes. At reliable drug
gists, or direct from George Mayerle, Ger
man Expert Optician, 1071% Market, S. P.,
60c; by mail, 62c.
Mayerle's Antiseptic Eyeglass Wipers,
2 for 25c
f Seed~Talk 1
■ Complete and reliable lnforma- I
I tion and advice on seeds, planting, I
M etc., in our new, amply and beauti- I
I fully illustrated annual catalogue, I
■ 1905.
Mailed free on request.
(ALL SEEDS FOR FARM AND |
GARDEN.
Fruit Trees and Ornamental Plants I
COX SEED CO.
41X. 413, 415 Sansome Street.
SAN FRANCISCO.
JOE POHEIM,
THE TAILOR.
Finest Perfect-Fitting Clothes at
Lowest Prices.
201 Montgomery St., Cor. Bosh.
1110 and Ilia Market St.. S. T.
Curayg. Remember the Full Name
axative ftromo Qumme
Core* a Cold in One Day, Oap m 2 Day*
jSBk ■ ■ m m Ammunition, Hunting and
'ill 18l fX" Sporting goods. Largest
■ «tock. Lowest prices. Send
111 llaal for catalogue.
aja*f I ■ shreve a BARBER CO..
~ 739 Market st. and SSI
Kearny St.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
933 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASON.
All Musical floods at Lowest Prices
THADC MARK
" I give him his Mellin's Food and
he sleeps ' til morning." How many
mothers can say this of their babies?
If your baby does not sleep well it
may be that he is not properly fed.
A poorly nourished baby is a poor
sleeper. Mellin's Food babies are
good sleepers. Our book the "Care ft
Feeding of Infants*• seat free of charge.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MAS*