VOLUME XCVII —NO. 62.
FOUR SENATORS CHARGED WITH BRIBERY
BY A CORPORATION SECRETARY.
WILLIAM CORBIN CREATES A SENSATION IN THE UPPER HOUSE
BIGAMIST
HOCH NOW
IS PRISON
Modern "Bluebeard"
. Captured in
New York.
Arreted Just Alter Pro
posing Marriage to His
Landlady.
♦
Former Wives of the Murder Suspect
Are Said to Number Upward
of Twenty-Five.
v Special Dispatch to Ths CsJL
NEW YORK, Jan 30.—John Hoch.
charged with bigamy in Chicago, and
who, it is alleged, married' more than
twenty women, was arretted at a
boarding-house in West Forty-seventh
street to-night by Central detec
tives. He admitted his identity, al
though when first arrested he gave the
name of Henry Bartels. At the Forty
seventh-street station, whither he was
taken, he said:
1 am 710 I , *nd a muvb abused
man."
"How abused?" he was asked.
He had nothing to say. He gave his
name as John Joseph Adolph Hoch,
and said he was 45 years of age and a
machinist, living at 3430 Union avenue,
Chicago.
Hoch said that he had not been mar
ried twenty times. He asserted that
he had been married only twice and
that his first wife was still alive.
Mrs. Catherine Kimmerle, Hoch's
landlady, said he engaged board on
Saturday and had not been in the
house twenty minutes when he asked
to be allowed to peel some potatoes for
her. To-day he proposed marriage and
she then told the police. She added
that the man talked a good deal to her
yesterday and became much interested
in her, she bell^/ed.
In his room were found nearly -
dozen new suits of cloth..ig. In most
cases the tags, had been torn from
them, but those that had tags still on
them shewed that the garments had
been bought in Western cities, among
them Seattle.
LON« LIST OF WIVES.
CHICAGO, Jan. 'o.— Although the po
lice hope to convict Hoch of murder,
the only specific charges that they
have aga'not him at th' present time
are bigamy and wife abandonment.
From all accounts Hoch has been mar
ried to at least twenty-six different
Women and siy of these have died un
der circumstances which the police de
clare to be suspicious. Here is a list of
Hoch'a, marriages;
Mrs. Madeline Sohmitt, first wife;
marriage in Germany.
Mrs. Julia Steinbrecher Hqch, 333
Belmi.-nt avenu., Chicago; died sud
denly.
Mrs. Mary Wernicke Rankan Hoch,
875 Ward street, Chicago; living.
Mrs. Mary Becker Schulti Hoch, Ar
gos, Ind.; disappeared.
Mrs. Minnie Podalski, 3921 Went
worth avenue, Chicago; living.
Mrs. Mary Hendriekson Hoch, 6912
Union avenue, Chicago; living.
Mrs. Janet Spencer Hoch, 3167 Went
worth avenue, Chicago; believed to be
living.
Mrs. Emilie Fischer Hoch, 372 Wells
street, Chicago; died.
Mrs. Emily Welker Hoch, 6030 Union
avenue, Chicago; died January 10, 1905.
Mrs. Nathalie Irgang, 111 Best av
enue, Chicago; believed by the police to
hiive married Hoch,
Mrs. Martha Hertzfeld Hoch, 198 On
tario street, Chicago; disappeared.
.Mrs. Marianna Hoch, Cleveland; liv
ing I I
Mrs. Sophia Pahnke, Batavla, 111.;
living.
Mrs. Hessler. Wheeling, W. Va.; be
lieved to be remarried.
Mrs Callie Charlotte Andrews,
known as Mrs. De Witt C. Cudney.
Hulda Stevens, Chicago; abducted
and later married; deserted after three
hours.
Mrs. Millie Hoch, lived at 1266 West
Fifteenth street, Chicago; died sud
denly.
Mrs. Hoch. a sister of Mrs. J. H.
Schwartzmann, Milwaukee; died.
Mrs. Hoch. another sister of Mrs.
Schwartzmann, Milwaukee; died.
Mrs. -<— Hoch, Norfolk. Va.; died.
Mrs. Hcch, Green, Iowa; is be
lieved to be living.
Mrs. T. O Ponnur, Milwaukee; living;
married Hoch as "James."
.Mrs. Caroline Srhaefer, 3043 Stiles
street, Philadelphia: living.
Mrs. Mary Ooeri.. 102 Eugene street,
Chicago; living.
Mrs. Hoch, believed to have died
in Buffalo.
Mrs. Hoch. believed to live in
Evanston.
Mis. Justina Loeffler, Elkhart. Ind.:
disappeared.
HOCH'S ALEGED . CRIMES.
Hoch's alleged crimes are as follows:
Murder by poison, eight cases; bigamy,
twenty-two charges; embezzlement,
thirty-three cases; abduction, one
-*/
THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at San Francisco foe*
thirty hours, ending midnight. Janu
ary 31:
San Francisco aad vicinity—Cloudy*
Tuesday, with showers; fresh south
Winds. A. O. MoAOra. .
District Forecaster.
. . +
BARD FAILS
TO WIN AID
OF PERKINS
Joint Indorsement
Denied Attorney
Woodwork.
Senior Senator Tells His
Colleagae Flint Should
Be Consulted.
Evidence That the Reappointment of
the Federal Official Will Be
Opposed.
s
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30. — Senator
Bard to-day saw the President, to urge
the reappointment of Marshall B.
Woodworth as United States District
Attorney for the Northern District of
California. Before doing so he asked
Senators Perkins to join him in the re
quest, but the latter said he did not
think it proper that he should do ao,
inasmuch as it was ;>.n appointment the
term of which would extend through a
large portion of the term of Bard's
successor, and he therefore felt that
he should consult the latter before'
taking any action. He said, however,
that he would make no protest should
the President be disposed to make the
appointment.
Senator-elect Flint wrote to Senator
Perkins some days ago, asking that he
use his influence to have the appoint
ment held up for the time being, and
this letter Senator Perkins laid before
the President.
The term of office of District Attor
ney Woodworth expires on March 2.
Bard will be Senator until March 4,
and he insists that his voice should
hold good in such matters until that
day. Especially should it in this case,
he says, in view of the strong indorse
ment of his candidate which he has
filed and which includes most, if not
all, District and Circuit Judges.
Some time ago Luther G. Brown of
Los Angeles was a candidate to fill the
vacancy then existing as Assistant
United States Attorney under Wood
worth. His candidacy was championed
by Representative McLachlan. Sena
tor Bard refused to indorse Brown. So
did Woodworth. This, Senator Bard
thinks, is the reason for opposition to
the reappointment of Woodworth.
Robert T. Devlin of Sacramento, for
mer State Senator, is a candidate for
the place and in case Woodworth does
not get the appointment at once it is
understood that Devlin'will receive the
support of Senator Perkins. The Sena
ator says Woodworth is a candidate
for Judge of the Court of Claims and
was mentioned for the judgeship in the
new district pnposed to be created.
He refuses to indorse him as a candi
date for so many offices.
VERMONT SHERIFF BALKS
AT HANGING A WOMAN
Execution of Death Sentence of Mrs.
Rogers Given in Charge of
a Deputy.
WINDSOR. Vt.. Jan. SO.—Sheriff
Peck has wilted at the prospect of
hanging Mary Rogers for the murder
of her husband and one of his depu
ties, named Lovell, who has officiated
at nine hangings, will execute the
murderess.
Volumes of letters threatening the
lite of Peck have been received. To
day a petition was presented to the
Supreme Court asking for a stay
pending the examination of newly dis
covered evidence touching upon the
alleged line of insane progenitors of
the woman and her own mentality.
This is the last ohance for the woman,
who murdered her husband in cold
blood.
! charge; confidence game, thirty-nine
! cases; obtaining money under false pre
tenses, thirty-nine cases; larceny as
i bailee, two cases; forgery, two cases;
| perjury, twenty-seven cases; practicing
| medicine illegally and hypnotism as an
I aid to air the other crimse.
| The following is a list of amounts he
;is said to have obtained from his vie
; tims. It is believed by the police that
j he has much money saved:
Mrs. Marie Welker, died 1905, $250.
Mrs. Emily, Fischer deserted 1905, $750.
Mrs. Anna Hendriekson, deserted 1904,
$500. N
Mrs. Marie Steinbrecker, died 1896,
I $4000.
Mrs. Martha Herefeldt, deserted 1895,
$1800.
Mrs. Barmeister (Mrs. Herefeldfs sis
ter), swindled out of $800.
Mrs. Mary Schultz of Argos, Ind.,
died 1900, $2030.
Mrs: Mary Becker of St. Louis, died
1903, $1000.
Mrs. Jacob Huss of Wheeling, W. Va,,
died 1897, $2500.
Sister of Mrs. J. H. Schwartzmann of
Milwaukee, died 1897,- $1200.
Total. $14,800.
THE San Francisco CALL
FOUR men elected to the Senate of the Golden State have been accused of accepting a bribe from a corporation. These men are
Senators Wright, Emmons, French and Bunkers. Wright is from San Jose, Emmons from Bakersfleld and French and Bunkers
from San Francisco. Their accuser is William Corbin, secretary of the Continental Building and Loan Association, who was
haled before the Senate yesterday to show cause why he should not be punished for contempt for disobeying an order directing
him to appear before a Senate committee with the books of the corporation. Corbin defended his action by accusing the four
Senators, members of the committee appointed to investigate the Continental Building and Loan Association, of demanding through
an agent money from the corporation. Corbin further said that the investigation of his concern was the result of a conspiracy en
gineered by the San Francisco Examiner against Dr. Washington Dodge, Assessor of San Francisco and president of the corporation.
The four accused Senators declare they are innocent.
JURYMAN
PRAYS FOR
INSPIRATION
RENO, Jan. 30.—After being out six
ty-four hours while standing eleven for
conviction of murder in the second de
gree to one for acquittal, the jury in
the case of Al Linderman was dis
charged from custody to-day.
Linderman, with three companions,
was charged with murdering Jack
Welch on a freight train near Winne
mucca two y*?arß ago. About three
weeks ago his companions were found
guilty and sentenced to be hanged.
Linderman made several confessions
to the crime and his own admissions
placed him as much in the wrong as
the condemned men.
Despite the strong evidence, one
Juror held out from first to last for ac
quittal. His name is George Smith.
He claims that he received an inspira
tion from God that Linderman is in
nocent and voted accordingly.' Every
time his fellow jurors would plead
with him Smith would retire to a cor
ner and pray for a few minutes and re
turn with the announcement that the
divine power told him to stand firm.
Dinderman's case was transferred
here from Humboldt County on a
change of venue and his trial has al
ready cost that county a large sum of
money. His home is in Stockton, Cal.
He has a long criminal record, at one
time having been arrested in Fresno
County.
Colima Volcano Again Active.
CITY OF MEXICO, Jan. 30.—The
volcano of Collma is again active.
Streams of dark smoke are issuing
from the volcano daily, apparently
from openings considerably below the
crater. Danger lies in the formation
of a new crater which would permit
discharges of lava.
SAN FRANCISCO. TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1905.
FOUR SENATORS WHO WERE YESTERDAY ACCUSED IN AN AFFIDAVIT MADE
BY WILLIAM CORBIN, SECRETARY OF THE CONTINENTAL BUILDING
AND LOAN ASSOCIATION, OF ACCEPTING A BRIBE.
Solons Reel Under Shock Caused
by Astounding Affidavit.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30.—Scandal,
ugly as any that has blackened the po
litical fame, of the State, broke in the
Senate, at noon to-day. Senators Har
ry Bunkers of the Eighteenth District,
San Francisco; Frank French of the j
Twentieth District, San Francisco; Eli I
Wright of the Twenty-seventh Dis- ■
trict, San Jose,, and E. J. Emmons of
the Thirty-second District, Bakersfleld, j
stand before the bar of the upper
house, accused of the' crime of bribery.
William Corbin, secretary of the Con- l
tinental Building and Loan Associa
tion of San Francisco, is their ac
cuser.
Purged of contempt of which he was
charged by the Committee on Com
missions and Retrenchment, composed
of the accused legislators, Corbin
stands to-night the master of a situa
tion so quickly turned that it has l*ft
STOCKTON ATTORNEY
HURLS A BOMBSHELL
his prosecutors aghast in contemplation
of the journey that lies between them
and exoneration if indeed they may
succeed in coming out free men.
This morning these four Senators
stood together as a court to determine
the merits of the charges against Wil
liam F. Corbin of the Continental
Building and Loan Association and its
other officers and agents, preferred
against them by the San Francisco Ex
aminer. To-night they stand shorn of
power, disgraced at least for the hour,
defending themselves against naked
charges of felony that if proved will
send them all to the penitentiary, bar
ring the interference of that oft exerted
force that saves men worse than they
from the fate the law provides.
The breaking of to-day's scandal
marks the beginning, politicians say,
of the greatest war that has ever been
Continued on Pace 2, Column 7.
Defends His Client
by Making Charges
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30.—The climax
of a morning of busy discussion of the
merits of bills in the Senate came at
noon when William Corbin, in custody
of two assistant sersreants at arms,
was taken before the bar of the Senate.
"Mr. President," said one of the offi
cers, "Mr. Corbin is at the bar of the
Senate."
Corbin turned and swept his eyes
over the assemblage and for a moment
every one seemed confused. One of the
pages took in the situation, however,
and without waiting to find if his
course was proper, carried a chair up
to the desk and asked Corbin to be
seated. This relieved the strain and
the clerk, in obedience to the direction
of the chair, began to read the reason
under which the warrant for Corbin's
arrest was issued.
The reading of the resolution had just
been concluded when Corbin was
joined by his attorney, Frank D. Nicol,
who, in addition to practicing law, fills
the office of president of the First Na
tional Bank of Stockton.
Senator Selvage arose and moved
that Corbin ajnd his attorney be per
mitted the privileges of the floor. This
was granted and then Leavitt moved
that Corbin be called upon to give such
reasons as he could why he should not
be punished for contempt. Attorney
Nicol rose and said:
"Senators of California: Before the
sun sets to-day in the golden cup of the
West, I have reason to believe, the eyes
and ears of the State will be centered
here as they have not been before
since the session opened. William Cor
bin is here in answer to your demand
to explain why he did not obey the
-THE- THBAjFSRS. •
ALCAZAR— A Th\> Gay "Lord frMjUf
A>«AMSffe»^-«*»*tore , s f
C^ALjSftTttHA^— ''A UttH*.. < >utc*}Mt."
>HjLf f *.fßlA— ; Tie
rrTTTMfae r&. War."
CHUTES—Vaudeville.
FlSCHEß'S—Vaudeville.
GRAND—"The Bonnie Brier Bush."
LYRIC HALL —Dolmetsch Concert.
ORPHEUM—Vaudeville.
TIVOLI—Grt.nd Opera.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
subpena heretofore issued by your
Committee on Commissions and Re
trenchments.
BIDING HIS TIME.
"He disobeyed this subpena ;>' the
direction of his counsel, and if his
counsel was in error, he meant no con
fession on his part that he did not
have full confidence in his ability to
maintain his honor in any investiga
tion that might arise. In disobeying
this subpena, he meant no disrespect,
no contempt, but he bided his time that
he might appear before the Senate sit
ting in general session and explain
his position.
"We maintain that this Senate has
no common law power, no nower to
issue processes or hale before it any
person or corporation it may wish un
der a blanket subpena. There are no
statutes that grant it such powers
they only exist by surmise. It would
be a manifest injustice to compel Mr.
Corbin and the association he repre
sents to bring two carloads of books to
Sacramento and suspend its business
while the committee investigated its
mode of business at its leisure. There
must be some specific proceeding upon
which the Legislature wishes to act
before its processes become effective
and this view is sustained by opinions
of many of the highest courts of the
land."
Nicol here quoted various authori
ties sustaining his position and then
proceeded:
"Why is Mr. Corbin here before the
bar of this Senate to-day? I dare say
there are few people in the State who
have not heard of the Continental
Building and Loan Association, of
which this respondent is secretary and
manager. It was organized in 1889
with a capital stock of $20,000,000, of
which $17,000,000 was subscribed and
$3,170,000 actually paid In. It has
erected 1900 homes in California and
has aided in the erection of 1600 more.
It has paid its stockholders more than
$2,500,000. Only recently it was under
special investigation of the Building
and Loan Commissioners, who de
clared the corporation to be absolutely
solvent and in a position to pay dollar
for dollar and more on Its liabilities.
CORBIX'S AFFIDAVIT. .
' Notwithstanding this fact, articles
have been published against all truth
that have alarmed 'those having inter
ests in the corporation. As you welt
know, such acts on the part of men
startle the community and finance be
comes frenzied. One member of the
Building and Loan Commission sits
here and he aided in the investigation
that established the solvency of the
Continental. Now I wish to give you
the reasons which inspired the attack
that has led to the presence here to
day of Mr. Corbin. and in this line I
will read his affidavit. It is as fol
lows: *
William Corbin. beinc duly sworn, deposes
and says: That he is the secretary of the
Continental Bulldins and Loan Association;
that he Is the William Corbin who waa sub
penaed' to appear before a meeting of the
Continued on Page 2, Column 1.2
CORRUPTION SAID TO EXIST
IN SENATE COMMITTEE APPOINTED TO EXAMINE
INTO FINANCIAL AFFAIRS OF A LOAN ASSOCIATION
NICOL OF STOCKTON
USES BURNING WORDS
DeGlaresSenatorsFFencri.Emmons,
Wright and Bunkers Are Not
Honest-Legislators.
Colltinned from Page 1, Column 7.
Senate committee called the Committee on
Commissions and Retrenchments, on Thurs
day. January 26, 1905. at 2 o'clock p. m.
That previous to the service on him of said
subpena this affiant had been informed and
believed that the creation and Institution of
such committee had been at the suggestion of
tho fc'an Francisco Examiner; that the sugges
tion hid for its purpose the persecution of
Dr. Washington Dodge, Assessor of the city
and county, of San Francisco and president of
the Continental Building and Loan Associa
tion, who had given political offense to the
Examiner, and the persecution of this affiant.
That after the appointment of said commit
tee, four of the member* thereof, to wit:
Messrs. Bunkers, Emmons, Wright and French,
appointed an agent to act for said four per
sons for the purpose of blackmailing certain
corporations and collecting tribute from the
same. That during the week ending January
21, 11)05, the said French and Bunkers, to
gether with said agent, visited Ban Francisco
and the sai'i French and the said Bunkers
and said ag'-nt proceeded to attempt to col
lect sums of money, from said corpora
tions. That said Bunkers' and F»eneh agreed
for themselves, and on behalf of said Wright
and Emmons, that whatever corporation would
.acceptable sum of money to said
Bunkers; French, Emmons and Wright would
either, not be examined at all or might pre
pare its own report. That said agent of said
Senators-made the statement that one of the
purposes of this committee was to assist the
Examiner In its attacks on Washington Dodge.
Said agent for saiii Senators further stated
that the Examiner had employed Emmons to
manage its plans in the committee and that
lient FI. Robert, agent of the Examiner, had
agieed that Eugene E. Schmitz, Mayor of
♦ Ban Francisco, should give Bunkers a munici
pal appointment in San Francisco at a large
salary rrovlded he would do his utmost
against said Washington Dodge and the Ce?
tii-ental Building and Loan Association. Said
agent further stated that said Dent H. Robert
had said to Senator Bunkers that the Con
tinental Building and Loan Association muft'
be ruined at any cost. Said agent further
stated that the Examiner had settled with
Measra, Wright aad French- and had .further
agreed with said four Senators that arrange
ments made by them with other corporations
would n«t be disturbed or attacked, - provided
the committee would . "do up" Dr. Dodge,
Corbin and the Continental Building and Loan
Association.
Raid agent further stated among other things
that certain Examiner reporters, among-them
Al Mlirphy. commonly known as "Blinker
Murphy," had l>een detailed by the Examiner
to -watch and assist said committee, but that
no fears need be entertained in dealing with
members of the committee of any exposures in
the Examiner. Affiant further deposes and
say? -that one day, the 23d day of January,
1900, there was sent from San Francisco to
Sacramento pursuant to agreement with said'
Bunkers. Emmons. French and Wright, and
their said agent, by divers persons and cor
porations large sums of money; that on Tuea-•
day. tho 24th day of January. 1905, a part of
said money was paid to said agent for his
p< fans! use and for his services- as agent for
eaid four Senators. The remainder of- said
money was divided into four parts; one-fourth
thereof was paid to said Bunkers, one-fourth
theredf to said Emmons, one-fourth thereof
to said French and one-fourth thereof to said
Wright. ■ "
That this affiant is ready and willing and
prepared, to prove to the honorable Seniate of
tie P-ate of California, to any Grand Jury
or to the District Attorney of Sacramento
County or. to any court the things herein con
tained. That this affiant stated the matters
herej'nbefor? set forrfi to his counsel, Frank
D. Nicot-Esq. and was by him advised that,
es the said four Senators constituting a ma
jority of said committee were venal and cor
rupt, I should disregard said subpena and
should, -when cited to appear at the bar of the
Benaie of the State of California, make to tho
honorable Senate a true and correct statement
of the facts. The reasons that actuated tbis
affiant in not obeying the subpena issued by
your committee were not Intended as disre
spect for or contempt of the authority or dig
nity of this honorable body, but the facts
are herein stated.
(Signed) WILLIAM CORBIN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
27th day of January 1905.
(Signed) ' HARRY J. LASK,
Notary Public in and for the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California.
FRENCH DISPLAYS NERVE.
When he concluded reading this af
fidavit Nicol cat down, his usually
immobile features expressing in a
measure the satisfaction he must have
gained in the contemplation of the sen
sation : he had produced. For a moment
the accused Senators gazed at one an
other in amazement. French was the
first to regain his nerve, and, jumping
to his feet, he said:
"The alfidavit just read, so far as it
refers to me, I now wish to pronounce
an absolute falsehood, an unqualified
lie. There is not one word of truth
in it"
Senator Emmons next rose. His face
■was white as marble, but he controlled
himself as best he could and said:
"We seem to be getting away from
the issue here, but in view of the fact
that , these charges have been made
against me and my colleagues I desire
'« enter 'an emphatic denial to the
same. I don't know nor do I care
whence they emanate, but I will
say that the has been raised and
now is the time for the Senate to fully
investigate the charges that so seri
ously reflect upon the dignity of this
entire body. I am willing to abide by
the result of any investigation that
may be instituted as a result of this
affidavit."
fV-nator Emmons then drifted to the
law governing the issuance of the
original subpena directing Corbin to
appear before the committee of which
he is chairman, but he was interrupted
by Leavitt, who moved that a commit
tee of five be appointed to investigate
the authorities quoted by Attorney
Nicol to determine the question of the
right of the Senate to punish Corbin
for contempt.
WRIGHT ENTERS DENIAL.
Before the chair, could put the mo
tion, however. Wright took the floor
to enter his denial to Corbie's charges.
"That affidavit," he said, "is entirely
flatly and unqualifiedly false. There Is
not a word of truth in the affidavit, and
the only reason Corbin offers it is to
blackmail certain members of this
Senate. It is blackmail throughout
and only a flimsy pretext on his part
to escape Just punishment for his dis
obedience of the law."
This was the signal for Bunkers,
who, avoiding aiiy effort at oratory,
banged his fist on the desk and said'
"I want to deny the charge against me
and say that it is a darn He, and I
want .a committee of five appointed
right away to Investigate these
charges. That's Bunkers."
Notwithstanding the excitement under
which all were laboring. Bunkers'
strong emphasis on the adjective
"darn" caused a roar-of laughter, but
neither he nor his fellow defendants
joined in the hilarity.
At this point Keane addressed him
self to the chair on the question of the
law of contempt, but a motion by Bel
shaw that a committee of five be ap
pointed to investigate the charges
against the accused Senators took pre
cedence.
"I don't believe the Senate appre
ciates the enormity of the offense
charged against our colleagues," said
Belshaw. "It does not seem to realize
that we must act and act quickly "
Senator Curtln here interrupted arid
said: "It Is my opinion that theW
| - ' _ ' " ■ ■ ' ■ ' ■ '"I ■ I . ■ ■- —„, ■ J . ~, . , . |
SENATOR'S ACCUSER, AN OFFICIAL OF THE CORPORATION AND FOUR MEMBERS OF THE SENATE INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE.
"CHARGES ARE ALL ROT,"
DECLARE THE ACCUSED
Say Accusations Were Made for Purpose
of Blocking Investigation.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30.—The ac
cused Senators refused to make any
extended statements in regard to the
charges against them. They pronounce
the accusations false, but go little be
yond that. They accused "the other
side" of trying to cover its own sins by
accusing them.
"Ihe charges are absolutely false,"
said Senator Emmons. "The allegation
in a San Francisco evening paper that
I took money at a certain place on X
street is untrue. No person has even
intimated to me that he had sufficient
interest in the matter to offer a bribe."
"The charges are all rot and I will
prove myself and all the others
charged with me innocent," said
riousness of this development is ap
parent to every one here. Bribery has
been charged in this affidavit, and this
body owes it to itself to determine
whether or not it is true. We should
immediately proceed and compel the
attendance of every one that knows
anything of this affair."
Leavitt then moved an adjournment
be taken until 2p. m. Before the chair
put the motion he appointed Curtin,
Selvage, Ward, Hahn and Simpson a
committee lo look into the question of
authorities on the contempt question.
Curtin asked to be excused, but tht."
chair held him to the appointment. An
adjournment was then taken.
Tifis was the signal for an inrush of
San Francisco Assemblymen, who sur
rounded the accused Senators, making
wild-eyed inquiries as to developments.
They were soon informed and as quick
ly walked ovtt into the corridor and to
the open air. leaving the accused to
their own thoughts.
PITY FOR ACCUSED.
The opening of the afternoon session
was' marked by a remarkable scene,
one that raised the pity of every man
that witnessed it for the chief actor.
Senator Emmons. He said since the
accusation of bribery had been made
against him he felt unclean, that he
felt dirty, and that it was his desire
to withdraw from the further delibera
tions of the Senate until such time aa
a full investigation had been had and
he had been proved guiltless.
"I will come at any time,"--he said,
"when it is necessary to make up a
quorum, but I do not feel that I can
remain here among my colleagues un
til I have been cleansed .of the charge
against me."
Senator Savage here Interposed and
said:
"Under the law of this land any per
son accused of wrongdoing is pre
sumed to be Innocent until proved
guilty. There is nothing in this affi
davit that to my mind casts even sus
picion upon the men accused. It is
their duty to stand upon their legal
rights and for one I object to having
any ,of my brothers ofn the floor ex
cluded from our sessions."
In this line Senator Belshaw said:
"I we'll understand the delicacy of the
situation in which the Senator from
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1905.
French. "This Is only a game to stop
the investigation that the other side
feared."
Bunkers essayed to treat the matter
with flippancy and wore a grin when
he stated his position.
"It is not Worth while to discuss the
thing." he said. "It is so palpably a
subterfuge that no one will give the
charges credence."
"I will repeat to you what I said to
the Senate," was Wright's reply when
asked for a statement. "The affidavit
is unqualifiedly false, and the only rea
son Corbin offered it was to blackmail
certain members .of the Senate into si
lence. This action is only a flimsy pre
text on Corbln's part to turn the
searchlight of investigation from him
self to those who would expose him."
Kern finds himself, but I see no good
reason why he should not participate
In our deliberations. I believe, with :
Senator Savage that every man is pre- j
sumed to be innocent until proved 1
guilty, and furthermore, I believe these
men to be innocent. It would be a
hardship at this time to lose the ser
vices of the four Senators that have i
been accused and I am free to say that 1
J do not believe,l shall be contaminated
if I join with them in a consideration ['
of questions of interest to the State. I
hope Senator Emmons with Withdraw
his motion and remain in the Senate
throughout our sessions."
Senator Carter here took up the ar
gument on behalf of Senator Emmons,
saying in part:
"I want to voice my sentiments in
this matter. I have known Senator
Emmons for years, and It would take
strong testimony, Indeed, to make tne"'
believe that he could be guilty of any
such offense as here charged, and I
ask that he remain here throughout
this Investigation."
WITHDPAWS STATEMENT. .
Emmons yielded to the argument of '
his friends and withdrew his state
ment. Neither of the others that
stand accused offered to withdraw
pending the inquiry Into the charges,
Emmons alone taking this stand,
which won him many sympathizers.
Senator Belshaw then Introduced his
resolution calling for the appointment
of a committee of five to Investigate
the charges.
Authorized by the resolution, Speaker
Anderson appointed Senators Belshaw
(chairman), Rowell, Ralston. Simpson
and Diggs a committee to hold the in
quiry. This formality disposed of.
Senator Keane of San Francisco had
something to say regarding the allega
tions in Corbln's affidavit affecting
Mayor Schmitz of San Francisco. In
part Keane said:
I desire to state, aa a matter of personal
privilege, . that during the noon recces and
since th<» reading and filing this forenoon of
the affidavit of William Coroln in the contempt ;
proceedings, I communicated directly with
+ +
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists -refund the money If it falls to curt.
E. W. Grove's signature la on each box. 28c*
NAME OF GO-BETWEEN
IS STILL A MYSTERY
Newspaper Man Connected by Rumor
With Scandal Denies Complicity.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30.—There is
muoh speculation to-night among those
that do not enjoy the acquaintance of
William Corbin and his friends as to
the Identity of the alleged go-between
charged with having carried the bribe
money the affiant says was paid to
Senators Emmons, Wright, Bunkers
and French.
It was announced to-night that
Joseph S. Jordan, legislative represen
tative of the San Francisco Evening
Post in Sacramento, is the man referred
to. Jordan denies the allegation in no
uncertain terms and says that ij an
effort is made to prove that he has
acted in any way since his arrival here
other than as a newsgatherer he will
be able to establish the utter lack of
foundation for such a tale.
Mayor Srhmitz of San Francisco over the tele- i
phone and repeated to him that portion of the
affidavit setting forth that D. H. Robert, |
editor of the Examiner, had agreed that E. E- j
Schmitz. Mayor of San Francisco, should give (
Bunketa a municipal appointment in San Fran- >
Cisco on a large salary, provided he would do I
his utmost against Washington Dodge and the f
Continental Building and Loan Association. I
Mayor Schmitz replied that he had no conver
satlon whatsover with Senator Bunkers, Mr.
Robert or any person connected with the Ex- :
amlner concerning Assessor Dodge dr the nro
• ceedlngs whereby the Continental Building and
Loan Association were being lvestlgated. That
tht- averments in this n'bdavit joe wllliunv |
false, defafcatory and without foundation. I
further state and charge that the allegations
in the affidavit referring to Mayor Schmitz
are part of a plan and conspiracy Instigated
by Fremont Older of the san Francisco Bul
letin to maliciously injure the Mayor of San
Francisco and to gratify his personal and po
litical vengeance,-owing to the overwhelming
defeat In the municipal election in San Fran
cisco by Mayor Schmitz ot Frank*n K. Lane, j
at that time supported by the Bulletin as a. ;
-candidate for Mayor. -j
In support of these assertions, I call atten- j
tion to Messrs. Older and Lane's presence here
as interested spectators and as counseling and j
advising said Corbin.
Ai additional information for members of
tha Senate, I wish to say that I dined with
Mayor Schmitz at his residence last evening,
• and that he did not then or at any other time
mention to me a single word concerning Sena
tor Bunkers, the Examiner, Dr. Podge or Mr. 1
Corbin. nor make any reference whatever to the
investigation of the-affair?- of the Continental
Building and Loan Association.
COMMITTEE REPORTS.
The committee. that had been ap
pointed by the chair to investigate the
question of the right of the Senate to
punish Corbin for contempt next re
ported as follows:
Your committee baa investigated the law
In the premises and is of the unanimous opin
ion that this Senate committee,- designated as
a Committee on Commissions and Retrench
ments, under the resolution adopted January
10, 19C5, on which it proceeded to act. was
without warrant or authority of law to in
vestigate the subject matter out of which ;
issued a subpena to William Corbin, and that
•aid William Corbin ia not guilty of con
tempt of this honorable body in refusing to.
obey this subpena and that this committee
therefore recommends that said William Corbin
be discharged.
Several of the Senators wanted to
know if the committee meant to say
that the Senate had no power to punish
for contempt or to issue legal subpenas
under any circumstances. Senator Sel
vage informed them that such was not
the opinion of the committee—that it
had reached its findings only in the
SPEEDY TRIAL ASKED
BY ALL CONCERNED
Work of Investigating the Charges
of Crookedness Is to Be Com
menced at Once.
Efforts may be made to-morrow to
secure warrants for the arrest of the
accused Senators. The constitution of
the State provides that members of
the Legislature shall in all cases ex
cept treason, felony and breach of the
peace be privileged from arrest. As
the acceptance of a bribe is a felony
warrants could be obtained upon a
proper showing.
Should the inquiry to be held by the
! special committee substantiate the
, charges made against the accused men,
, impeachment proceedings will be im
j mediately begun against them in the
Assembly. Should there appear ground
for impeachment, the cases will go to
the Senate, which must conduct all im
peachment trials, and the accused
member will be expelled from the trp
per house upon conviction.
I case at bar and had reached its opinion
; owing to' the indefinite, ambiguous
j wording of the resolution authorizing
j the Committee en Commissions and Re
trenchments to issue subpenas and call
ffor books and papers.
"This resolution," he said, "author
! ized the committee to do no one special
thing, nor a dozen. It was an attempt
only to confer upon the committee the
right to go on what is termed in law a
'fishing excursion,' which would give
It the right to call upon any person or
corporation in the State to produce Its
books and papers and to expose ita
most sacred secrets. Palpably such a
procedure was wrong, and I, as chair
man of this committee, now move that
Mr. Corbin be purged of contempt and
j discharged."
CORBIN IS DISCHARGED.
There was no objection, and, accom
panied by his attorney, Corbin left the
Senate chamber. *
Ralston next took the floor and said
that he did not favor the abandonment
of the proposed investigation of the
Continental Building and Loan Asso
, elation it this time, when everything
demands that it be carried through to
j the end. He asked that a committee of
i five, properly i uthorlzed, be appointed 1
to take up the task where it had been I
abandoned. Curtin objected to such
haste, however, saying the Senate had |
better take time; that when it start
ed again it should start right and see I
to it that its committee is properly |
authorized.
"To stop now," said Curtin, "would
look like we were willing to stop, but
such is not the case. We want this
carried through to the end."
Wolfe agreed with Curtin that the
! Senate had better make haste slowly
and advised that the question of ap
pointing another committee to investi
gate the Continental go over until to
morrow.
"And if there is an inclination here to
place the blame for the failure of these
contempt proceedings on the Commit
tee on Commissions and Retrench
*— +
A Gr a ran teed Care for Piles.
Itching, BUnd, Bleeding or Protruding PUea
Your druggist will refund money ifFAZO OINT
MENT fails to cure you in ti to days. 60c.*
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 80.—When
Senator Belshaw, chairman of the
special committee of the Upper House
appointed to Investigate the charges
made In. tha affidavit read by Nicol,
called to order the meeting of that
committee held In the Supreme Court
chamber at the Capitol at 8 o'clock
to-night, the room was packed with
people directly or Indirectly interested
in the scandal. Belshaw said the spe
cial committee was ready to go ahead
with the investigation at once and find
out the truth or falsity of the charges.
Attorney Nicol asked for more time,
saying that it was not practicable to
proceed with such an Inquiry at so
short a notice. He asked until Wednes
day night. If such an Investigation
were to be had, he said, it was not the
proper thing to introduce the testimony
in incoherent form, but time should
be given to get all the testimony and
records together that a proper chain of
facts could be presented.
Senator Wright sprang to his feet
and said that while he did not fear an
investigation he felt it but right that if
the accusers of himself and the other
three members of the Committee on
Commissions and Retrenchment were
to be represented by a special prose
cutor the accused should also be given
time to consult counsel and prepare
their defense. He asked that the ln-
quiry be put off till to-morrow night.
"It is an inexpressible pity that such
accusations as these have to be made,"
said Attorney Nicol, the silence of
deepest attention falling upon his hear
ers as he spoke. "I wish to God that
I could feel they were untrue. I sub
mit, though, that if we start this in
quiry in a hurly-burly sort of way we
may get confused. Have the accused
men had time to go over the case* to
gether, to consult and hire attorneys to
represent them? Let them have time.
I am not here to act as a prosecutor.
I'll be glad If the committee will excuse
all attorneys from the case. This Is
a grave matter, one that every Senator
and every constituent of these Senators
is interested in. It will take until the
day after to-morrow to properly get
the testimony of the accusers in shape.
This evening will probably end my
connection with the case. I must be
In San Francisco to-morrow to attend
a trial. I think it eminently reasonable
that the hearing should go over until
the day after to-morrow."
"Is it impossible to get your wit
nesses here to-morrow evening?" asked
Belshaw. -
"I will not say that," replied Nicol.
"Mr. Corbin is here now and may be
sworn, so he will know he has to be
here and no further processes will be
needed to secure his attendance."
"The committee desires - to proceed
with all possible haste," said the chair
>man. "It wishes to purge the accused
Senators of the charge against them if
it is proven untrue. If not it wishes to
do whatever else is best as soon as pos
sible. As far as I am concerned, I am
willing to put off the hearing until to
morrow night. We should hold as
speedy a trial as possible."
"I have the same desire for a speedy
trial," said Nicol.
"It will be understood," continued
Belshaw, "that this committee is
neither prosecuting nor defending in
this matter."
Simpson made a motion that the de
fendants be given all the privileges of
representation by counsel and it was
carried.
Secretary Corbin of the Continental
Building and Loan Association was
sworn, and he said he would be here
whenever required. The twinkle in his
eye showed he deemed that he stood in
an entirely different position than he
had a few hours before.
"I wish to appear here for Senator
Emmons," said Attorney J. L Cope
land of San Francisco. "These ac
cused men should have time to consult
attorneys and learn what this is all
about."
"How much time do you want?"
asked Simpson.
"Till to-morrow night is a reasonable
time," replied the attorney. "I represent
Senator Emmons only, though. This
special committee was appointed one
hour after the affidavit of accusation
was read, and this meeting is being
held but four hours after the appoint
ment of the committee."
"Senator Emmons is not well to-night
and therefore is not present," said
French. "Now, if you want to do some
business tackle me right now, and I
don't" need any attorney, either."
No one paid attention to the invita
tion. - ~
Chairman Belshaw announced that
the inquiry would be postponed until
to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock and
asked all those who had witnesses they
wished subpenaed to leave the names.
It was stated that the Commissions
and Retrenchment Committee's Inves
tigation of the building and loan and
other Institutions that it had begun
would cease for the present.
Senator Keane stated on behalf of
Mayor Schmitz of San Francisco, who
has been called as a witness, that the
Major would arrive at any time his
presence was desired.
ments," he said in conclusion, "I want
to forestall it because if anyone is to
blame it is the entire Senate, for we
authorized the committee to proceed as
it did. I do not believe we should stop
at this time, but I do believe the in
vestigation of the Continental Build
ing and Loan Association should be
carried through to the end."
Leavitt moved that Senator Ralston
be delegated a committee of one to pre
pare a resolution for the appointment
of a committee of five to investigate
the Continental Association. ■ The mo
tion carried and to-morrow a new com
mittee will take up the work abandoned
of necessity Dy the now disgraced
members of the Committee on Com
missions and Retrenchments. Of this
latter committee Senators Bauer, Cog
gins and Rambo remain, but they have
no desire to continue with the investi
gation.
An adjournment of the Senate was
taken after Ralston had been empow
ered to draft the resolution, and Sen
ator Belshaw, chairman of the com
mittee to investigate the charges
against Bunkers, Wright, French and
Emmons, 'rnmediate';- went to work.
He called his committee together and
annowiH-td u\ tttvet*..* .it iuu,.
at i o'clock. Office: s of the Senate
si.--.-,,-.0,i rvnurd "-ith but
they failed to gather in all that were
wanted, so tht scuSual was shitted
over for another day.
CHARGES CAUSE
OF GREAT SHOCK
TO LEGISLATORS
Corbin Becomes an
Accuser Instead
ol Victim.
Continued from Pace 1, Column 5.
waged between public officials and pri
vate enterprises, and will mark the de
cisive defeat of one or the other of the
factions that have kept the Democracy
of California a divided force since the
first days of Phelan's ascendency. Oh
the one side are arrayed Gavin McNab,
Washington Dodge, Franklin K. Lane
and all the Bourbons that so battered
the aspirations of William R. Hearst
for unanimous indorsement by the
Santa Crut convention for President
of # the United States. Against them
are William R. Hearst and the frag
ment of the Democratic machine he
controls. For years these factions hava
been battling, but the breach was not
! deemed unbridgeable until Hearst
sought the support of California for
President. Then Gavin McNab turned
loose his orators, and when William
R. Hearst did take instructions out of
California to St. Louis it was an honor
emptier than are the hopes to-night of
some of the accused Senators.
Since that day the battle haa waged
In the Democratic camp and these are
the things all are talking of to-night.
That four Senators, three of them Re
publicans, should have lent themselves
willingly to an investigation that in
volved passage through the very mael
strom of Democratic wrath is the sur
prising feature, and more surprising
than this is the fact that they should
lend themselves, if they have, to a deal
that inevitably would be exposed.
When the Senate called William
Corbin before the bar at noon to-day
every one expected that but little
would come of the affair; that Corbin
would be purged of contempt, wjth di
rections to appear before the commit
tee at its convenience. It was whis
pered about, however, tuat Senators
French and Bunkers were not anxious
to prosecute the contempt proceedings
to an issue.
Frank D. Nicol, attorney and bank
president of Stockton, was announced
as the legal representative of Corbin
Nicol, after he had been granted the
privilege of the floor, Immediately
launched into the law of contempt and
the power of the Legislature to pun
ish for such offenses. Spellbound, the
auditors listened to this man, who
proved himself one of the ablest orators
ever heard in this State. Every one
settled down to witness what they be
lieved would prove an exceedingly com
monplace proceeding, except for Nlcol's
oratory, when, without a word that
would give an inkling of hia purpose,
the attorney, in explanation or the rea
son why his client had refused to obey
the subpena, read bis affidavit of ac
cusation against Senators Emmons.
French. Wright and Bunkers.
BOMB 19 EXPLODED.
Here was a bomb loaded with scandal,
and when it burst the Senate seemed
to reel with the shock. The accused
men, unnerwed by the accusation, sat
for a moment looking from one to an
other of their colleagues. The gallery
occupants rose and leaned far over the
rail that they might catch every word.
The storm had burst. The lie was
hurled at Corbin by those he had ac
cused, and in words of anger they
pleaded for the confidence of their as
sociates. Corbin and his counsel sat
quietly watching the effect of the ex
plosion, with satisfaction written
plainly on their faces. They had turned
the tables, and instead of the pursued
they were the pursuers. In a moment
the men that had been empowered to
Investigate the Continental Building
and Loan Association were stripped of
their employment and were on the de
fensive.
To-night the committee appointed to
determine the guilt or innocence of the
accused met, but the word came that
Senator Emmons was prostrated and
that the witnesses had scattered. They
will be rounded up by to-morrow night
however, and then will come In detail
the story of the men that say legis
lative cbrruption has been born out of
the suspicion that it existed in a pri
vate firm.
TO PUT TAX ON LIQUORS.
Two Measures Introduced in the State
I * Senate.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30.— There
were submitted to the Senate to-day
two plans for the direct taxation of
the liquor interests of the State. One,
the most elaborate and on its face
the most equitable, as it excludes no
branch of the trade, is contained in a
bill introduced by Senator Hahn and
immediately referred to the Commit
tee on Revenue and Taxation. Like
action was also taken in the case of
the other measure, which was intro
duced by Belshaw of Contra Costa.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HE FOUND IT
Just as Recommended.
"I bought a fifty-cent package of
Pyramid Pile Cure from my druggist
and have used two dollar packages
since. I find them just as you recom
mended them to be. I have not felt
the le.ast sign of piles since using your
remedy three months ago. If you want
to use my name you may do so, as I
feel like a new man. I now have no
i trouble with the dreadful, aggravat
i ed disease.
I "I meant to write you sooner, but
! thought I would wait until I was
I cured. I thank you for your wonderful
! Pile Cure. I was a great sufferer from
piles." Fred Deerr, R. F. D. 4, New
Brunswick, N. J.
Seldom, if*, ever, is there any doubt
about the effect produced by the uae
of Pyramid Pile Cure, as Is shown
by the experience given above. The
proprietors of this remedy have thous
ands of similar letters on file, and,
surely no better proof of the merit of '
the preparation could be asked; when
it IS borne in mind that these letters
are wholly unsolicited, there is cer*
tainly cause for pride in the remedy.
Pyramid Pile Cure is sold by drug
gists for fifty cents a package, and if
yours hasn't It he will get it for yom
if asked to do so. Accept no sub
stitutes, and remember there Is no oth T
er remedy "just as good." Every one is
j urged to write Pyramid Drug Co..
I Marshall, Mich., for their little book
I describing the causes and cure of piles,
las it affords much useful Information
and Is sent free for tfcS asking.KUROPATKIN'S DEFEAT
BY THE JAPANESE IN MANCHURIAN BATTLE
DEPRESSES RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT AND
ENCOURAGES RIOTERS
UTTER FAILURE OF SLAVS' ATTEMPT
TO TURN OYAMA'S FLANK.
Russian Losses Mount Into the 7 housands
DISASTER ADDS TO TROUBLES
OF EMPEROR AND QRAfID DUKES
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 80.—General
Kuropatkln's attempt to break through
the Japanese left wing and outflank
Field Marshal Oyama's position on the
Shakhe River seems to have failed en
tirely. Few details have been received,
however, beyond the information con
tained in the official dispatches.
Field Marshal Oyama, aa at the bat
tle of the Shakhe River, appears to
have answered the Russian advance
with a counter offensive movement,
but no great disposition was shown to
carry the warfare into the territory
held by the Russians.
At the War Office there Is an inclina
tion to lay the chief blame for the fail
ure of the movement to a sudden
rhange of the weather to Intense cold
(20 degrees below zero) with a high
wind which drifted the snow and ren
dered it hazardous to expose the troops
to camping in the open plain, and also
impeded the transportation of guns,
supplies and the wounded.
The operation entrusted to the sec
ond army, under General Grlppenberg,
was the capture of Sandepas, which,
once in Russian hands, would serve as
a pivot for a flanking- movement
against Field Marshal Oyama; but
Sandepaa proved too hard a nut to
crack, and the Japanese, taking ad
vantage of the check of the Russians,
hurried up their reinforcements and
assumed the offensive on the Hun Riv
er, as well as along the railroad and
the Great Mandarin road. The Rus
sians, however, appear to have been
completely successful on the defensive,
repulsing all the Japanese attacks.
Under the circumstances, General
Grippenberg decided not to press the
attempt to storm Sandepas, which is
situated in a fiat country, and, there
fore, more difficult to take by assault
than a position in a hilly country.
Owing to the flat trajectory and the
enormous penetration of modern pro
jectiles, the capture of the outer line
of trenches on Thursday entailed
heavy casualties. There is no official
estimate of the losses, but it is ex
p ted that some thousands on both
sides were killed or wounded.
The news of this defeat, coming at
this time, is especially hard for the
< '.overnment. The popular idea con
tinues to be that the advance was un
d< (taken in order to divert attention
of the people from the events In Euro
pean Russia.
SAYS WAR MUST GO ON.
Grand Duke Cyril Declares Peace Is
Not to Be Considered.
ROME. Jan. SO.—Grand Duke Cyril,
v ho is stopping at San Remo tot the
benefit of. his health, which suffered
from his experience in the sinking of
the battleship Petropavlovsk at Port
Arthur last April, has been inter
viewed by a newspaper correspondent
regarding the situation In Russia. The
Qrand. Duke said Emperor Nicholas
v f<s ready to make concessions to the
workmen there, but, learning that they
l>;id been instigated to strike by ele
ments inimical of the welfare of the
empire, which sought to transform an
economic agitation into a political
question, he had been compelled to re
sort to severe measures, in order to
impress upon the workmen that they
'•must not mix in politics.
i The Grand Duke added that Italian
h> stil.ity to Russia was due to the fact
that Emperor Nicholas had not visited
.Rome. If, said the Grand Duke, Rus
sia had ordered ships in Italy, as Japan
hs.d 'done, the feeling of the people
••}.?re. would have been different.
.Grand Duke Cyril said that General
.Stoessel would be required to render a
strict account of his defense of Port
A'r.thur.
.. The Grand Duke said, further, that
'.peace with Japan was not to be con
; p ; dered. When the Baltic, squadron
appeared in Japanese waters and won
» decisive victory, he said, it would
be soon enough to speak of peace.
IMPUGNS RUSSIA'S MOTIVES.
Japan Makes Strong Reply to Chinese
Neutrality Note.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 30.—The Jap
anese Government has made verbal de
nial to the State Department here, and,
it is understood, to other Governments,
of the Russian charges of violation of
< hinese neutrality during the present
\ar. The Japanese statement, just
made public, is couched in strong lan
guage.
It says that while it is not Japan's
duty to defend China in this case, yet
i far as the good faith and loyalty of
Japan are called into question the
'iovernment of that country feels
bound to reply to the charges. These
;ire faken up seriatim, beginning with
Ihe Rveshitelni incident, which the
verbal rote dedans was nothing more
than the adoption by Japan of just and
inevitable measures of Self-defense
made necessary by Russia's violation
of Chinese neutrality. The charges
<hat <"hinese brigands were command
ed by Japanese officers and enrolled in
"heir army, and that Japanese military
Instructors were with the Chinese sol
on the border, are declared to be
without any foundation whatever, and
advertisements.
I Natural Laxative H3|
Water, the surest, saf- H
est, best HWM
REMEDY HHj
Tor Constipation and jH9|
mil Bowel ailments. Isßn
Ton ran not afford to H
suffer when relief Is H
so easy. Begin now. Hffi
Oo to tbe druggist to- Hfljfl|
•lay and say distlactly ihBW
"HUNYADI jAjros** BS
Take half a glass on ft
arising. A positive qtrre gSW
Russia is challenged to produce any
evidence in support of this charge.
It is denied that Japan has used the
Miatao Islands as a naval base, but It
is declared that Russia has so used the
islands and that a Japanese merchant
man was sunk in the island waters last
March by a Russian man-of-war. The
Japanese admit they have procured
war supplies from Chefu, but Insist
that these came through private par
ties and that the transactions were le
gitimate, while Russia, it is alleged,
has fitted out and loaded a ship In Chi
nese waters in flagrant violation of
Chinese neutrality.
Respecting the charge that China Is
seriously preparing to engage in the
war, the note says:
"It is difficult to Imagine how it
would be possible to frame charges
more mischievous or more remote from
actual facts than these. It is abund
antly clear that the motive of the Rus
sian Government in formulating base
less accusations was to relieve them-
selves of an engagement the terms or
which, with the progress of the war,
no longer inured mainly to their ad
vantage."
The note is supported by a detailed
statement under eight heads. Intended
to show wherein Russia on her part
has violated Chinese neutrality.
BERLIN, Jan. 30.—The Russian Gov
ernment's reply to China's declara
tions that she has not Infringed neu
trality, nor permitted Japan to do so,
Is a reassertion that China has done so.
TO BUILD RUSSIAN SHIPS.
J Negotiations With Gemian and Ameri
* can Firms Reported.
LONDON, Jan. 31. —Special dis
patches from St. Petersburg published
this morning repeat rumors of negotia
tions with German and American firms
for building Russian warships. The
Standard publishes a report current at
Glasgow that orders for two Russian
battleships have been placed with
Clyde & Barrow.
TO LIMIT EXPENSES.
j Bill Discussed Changing Methods of
the Session.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30.—The pres
j ent Legislature intends to consider
with seriousness the revision of the
I constitutional amendment providing for
! the holding of the sessions of that body
and take the initial steps toward in
stituting the reforms deemed necessary
in this line. When Stanton's amend
ment to the constitutional provision
dealing with Legislative sessions came
up in its amended form in the Assem
bly this morning, as submitted by the
committee, the author objected to the
amendment providing that the total
daily expense of each House, aside
from the pay of the members, shall be
$450.
The bill as introduced by him provid
ed for an eighty-day session to begin,
as now,/on the first Monday of the
year, the pay of the member? to be 58
a day and the total expense to be $600
a day for each house. The committee
.amended it, fixing February 1 as the
opening day, the members' pay at JlO
a day and the daily expense at $4 50.
"No measure will come before this
session of the Legislature that the peo
ple will watch more ciosery than this
one." said Sptaker Prescott, taking the
floor. "I wish the whole question of
attaches could be taken off our backs
and the members of the Assembly
could be freed of this incubus that has
been the growth of years. The 'blame
is not all with the. Assembly, though
we shoulder ft as bravely as we can.
Between our constituents who are rail
ing against it and those who axe Im
posing demands upon us the legislator
is between the devil and the deep sea."
Pyle's bill finally abolishing the road
poll tax passed the Assembly.
Weyand's bill providing that Iknds
subject to overflow may be included in
reclamation districts and that the Su
pervisors may Jud&e What are overflow
lands was among the important meas
ures oassed.
At the afternoon session Senator
Woodward's bill providing for the capi
talization of banks In towns of small
I population, at less than $25,000, which
I had passed the Senate, came up for
| final hearing in the lower house and
j was defeated.
The bill making Saturday afternoon
i a legal holiday came up for final pass
! age and an amendment was offered by
Drew confining its operation to San
Francisco and Los Angeles only. Con
' sideratlon of the amendment was
i made a special order for to-morrow.
ROBERT IN CAPITAL.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30.—Dent H.
\ Robert, managing editor of the Ex-
I a miner, arrived here to-night to testify
before the committee in relation to
William Corbln's statement that he had
■ agreed that Mayor Schmitz of San
Francisco should give Senator Bunkers
' a municipal position provided he would
do his utmost against Washington
j Dodge and the Continental Building
and Loan Association.
A score of private detectives also ar
: rived, and, with those that had pre
| ceded th> y form an imposing ar
] ray and are ready for anything that
| may develop.
Prominent Chinese Murdered.
TUCSON. A. T.. Jan. 30.—Yuen Kee.
I a member of the largest Chinese Arm
j doing business in Tucson, was mur
dered Sunday night by unknown as
sassins at a branch store on the edge
of town. He was terribly cut with a
butcher knife and his head was com
pletely severed from the body. The
body was not discovered until this
morning.
Death of Mrs. Crittenden.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.—The wife
of General T. T. Crittenden of San
Diego, Cal., died here to-day. Mrs.
Crittenden was the mother of Mrs.
Ackerman, wife of Lieutenant Com
mander A. A. Ackerman, U. S. N., and
Howard B. Crittenden of this city.
SUBB ESTATE FOR SERVICES.—Henry 8.
Welch yesterday sued E. B. Power, executor
of the will of Charity J. Hunt, for W333 HZ on
a rejected claim made against tlie estate for
alleged service* as "physician, servant, agent
and manager of her affairs," performed be
tween November 13, 1902, and December 3,
IMS. Mrs. Hunt died In March of last year.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL:, TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1905.
OYAMA LIKELY
TO FOLLOW UP
HIS VICTORY
Japanese Army Is Ex
pected to Take the
Aggressive.
—« —
MUKDEN, Sunday, Jan. 29.—Official
published In the army news
paper show that the entire east wing
was undisturbed except by small scout
ing affrays during the fighting at Hei
koutai and Chenchiehpao. The army is
now working under the new organiza
tion and entirely new orders through
out, these affecting even the newspaper
correspondents most vigorously.
The creation of increased fortifica
tions in the center by both armies, re
sulting in both sides heaping their re
inforcements on their flanks, reaches a
point where that side falling behind
will slowly be forced to precipitate a
battle.
The present state of affairs Is appar
ently due to the clear, cold weather.
The Japanese have advanced every
available man to the front. It is re
ported that Liaoyang is deserted by sol
diers. The railroad south of Liaoyang
is strongly held, especially the bridges,
which the Cossacks report are unap
proachable on account of the armament
of the former Russian defenses and
the supplementary Japanese works.
In addition to Hclantai and Chen
chiehpao three other villages not im
portant were occupied by the Russians,
two of which have already been relin
quished.
More has been learned of the magni
tude of the Japanese strength opposite
the Russian offensive movement, and
as the Japanese appear disposed to
show their strength it probably will re
sult in the immediate restoration of the
original lines of defense, if not in a
Japanese aggressive movement.
The final reports give the losses at
Holantai and Chenchiehpao as less
than at first announced.
KCROPATKIN BAFFLED.
RUSSIAN HEADQUARTERS, Huan
Mountain, Sunday, Jan. 29.—The object
of General Kuropatkin's latest offensive
movement was to capture the important
position at Sandepas. on the left bank
of the Hun River, and thereby outflank
the JaDanese from the Shakhe River
and enable the Russian army to under
take a general advance. At Sandepas
the Japanese occupied a strongly forti
fied position commanding the triangle
formed by the-confluence of the Hun
a .d Shakhe rivers. The Japanese had
erected a fort of a permanent type,
with triple earthworks and' trenches
extending In a southwesterly direction.
Several villages to the northeast also
were fortified. The positions were held
by twelve battalions of Japanese, part
ly drawn from General Nogl's army
and partly reserves.
The Russians carried the first line of
intrenchments. but were unable to
maintain their position on the out
skirts of Sapdepas. in the face of fierce
cannonading. The fighting was trans
ferred westward. The Japanese center
attacked with a brigade of infantry,
endeavoring to envelop the Russians,
but the cavalry protecting the Russian
flank drove back the Japanese with
heavy loss. A counter-attack on the
villages captured by the Russians at
the outset of the fight a4so was beaten
off. btft at the cost to the Russians of
several thousand killed or wounded.
Including General Mlstchenko, who
was wounded in the knee. The heav
iest sufferer* were the newly arrlvf-d
brigade of riflemen.
The official report oi the fighting at
Hounlitadzy and Hugounda on Jan
uary 25 and January 26 says forty-five
officers and 1050 men fell.
One hundred Japanese prisoners have
arrived here. • They belonged to the
Ninth Division before Port Arthur.
The wounded are suffering from the
cold, which Is increasing.
RUSSIAN LOSSES HEAVY.
GENERAL OKU'S HEADQUAR
TERS. Friday, Jan. 29.—Yesterday
(Saturday) afternoon the Japanese be
■?an a fierce bombardment with artil
lery and musketry along the whole line.
The firing was kept up until midnight
and was resumed at dawn to-day, con
tinuing until noon. The Russian reply
was feeble.
A movement of the Japanese left
wing for the purpose of surrounding
and cutting off the Russians In the
neighborhood of Pokowtai is progress
ing slowly, as the resistance Is stub
born. Should the Russian force be cut
off it will result in leaving General
Kuropatkin's right flank unprotected.
Two divisions of Japanese troops at
tacked Pehowski and drove four di
visions of the Russians across the Hun
River. Six hundred Russians were
c aptured. The Russians are making a
stand across the river.
One Russian division made several
attacks on Santanpu, to the east, but
was driven back with a loss of more
than 4000 men.
The Japanese bombarded the entire
Russian line. The Russians replied
feebly, showing little activity.
GOES OVER HIGH BANK
IN HIS AUTOMOBILE
Son of G. W. Hume, a San Francisco
Millionaire, Injured in
Astoria.
i- ASTORIA, Or.. Jan. 30.—While
l driving his automobile on the water
front to-day. W. R. Hume was seri
ously injured. While trav'ing at a
high speed he attempted to make a
short turn on the road. The roadway
was covered with frost and the big
machine slid, crashed through the
fence and fell over the bank twenty
feet to the beach below. Hume suf
fered severe cuts and bruises, but will
recover. He Is the son of G. W. Hume,
a millionaire of San Francisco.
Rain in the Interior.
FRESNO. Jan. 30.—Rain began to
fall here to-night at 12 o'clock.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 30.—Rain com
menced falling early to-night. A
heavy downpour promises to continue
throughout the night.
Clean Se the stomach and restore and
tone it up by using Lash's Bitters. •
BOTH ARMIES
LOSE HEAVILY
IN THE FIGHT
Five Thousand Japan
ese Are Killed or
Wounded. 4
—r«
TOKIO, Jan. 30.—The casualties dur
ing the fighting at Chenchiehpao and
Heikoutai are estimated at 5000 on the
side of the Japanese and 10,000 on the
Russian side.
Russian activity on the Shakhe River
seemed to have ceased after the fights
at Chenchiehpao, and Heikoupai, where
the Japanese were victorious. The ob
ject of the operations is not clearly
understood here, but it is suggested
that the Russians either intended to
turn the Japanese left and move a
heavy force down west of the Liao
River, or were seeking to divert atten
tion from some projected operation
against the Japanese right.
The Tokio press expresses the opin
ion that General Kuropatkin ordered
the movement either to divert attention
from the domestic conditions In Rus
sia, or that he had planned to make a
fight before Field Marshal Oyama
could be heavily reinforced. Manchur
ian army headquarters, telegraphing
yesterday, said:
"There has "been no great change in
the direction of the right and center
armies since the night of January 28,
except constant collisions between
reconnoitering parties. In the direction
of the left army the enemy keaps up a
slow but constant cannonade.
"The enemy's main body at Chen
chiehpao and Heikoutai seems to have
retreated in the direction of Neinyupao,
which Is two miles west of Changtan,
and Subfangtai. At a point ten miles
northwest of Shangtan, the enemy left
many dead. The details of the fighting
at Chenchiehpao and Heikoutai have
not yet been reported."
BOLD ADDRESS TO THE CZAR.
Noblemen Ask, Nicholas to Save the
Fatherland From Disaster.
LONDON, Jan. 31. —The Daily Tel
egraph's St. Petersburg dispatches'
give the text of a remarkably bold ad
dress which has Just been voted al
most unanimously by the Provincial
Assembly of Kharkoff to Emperor
Nicholas, congratulating him on the
birt . of an heir to the throne and de
manding representative government.
'The signatories include marshals of
the nobility, noblemen and members
of the Zemstvo who were elected dur
ing the Incumbency of the Ministry of
the Interior of Yon Plehwe and who,
therefore, are presumably well dis
posed toward the autocracy.
The address refers to the horrors of
war, the military reverses and other
clouds hanging over the country, and
declares that "long years of bureau
cratic oppression and .violence, dis
franchisement of the people and vio
lation of the freedom of person,
thought and conscience have created
a condition of things that is no longer
endurable and which threatens a
storm already visible and fraught with
bloody civil war to the country and
the subversion of your throne."
It appeals to the Emperor to ward
off these calamities before it is too
late and no longer trust to negligent,
wily servants, but repose his confi
dence in chosen representatives of the
people convoked as a permanent
chamber endowed with legislative
powers and qualified to see that the
laws are not broken and that the
treasury Is not robbed.
TEAMSTERS ON STRIKE.
Nine Hundred Employes of Lumber
Concerns Out in Chicago.
CHICAGO. Jan. 30.—Nine hundred
lumber wagon drivers struck here to
day. The operations of the firms
comprising the Lumbermen's Associa
tion were affected. One hundred firms
are members of the association, and
they assert that they will stand to
gether in opposing the demands of the
drivers. *
The drivers belong to the Lumber,
Box and Shavings Teamsters' local of
the Brotherhood of Teamsters. Since
last December they have been seek
ing an increase of wages for drivers
of two-horse wagons from $13 to $14
a week.
DIES ON WAY HOME.
Mrs. Wing, Wife of Stanford Professor,
Passes Away.
VENTURA. Jan. 30.—Mrs. Charles B.
Wing of Palo Alto died this morning
at the depot here, just as she was being
carried from the Nordhoff train to be
put into a hospital ambulance. She
was on her *vay home.
Mrs. "Wing was the wife of Charles
Wing of Palo Alto, a civil engineer and
professor at Stanford University. She
was aged 41 and had four children, the
youngest being eight. A. week ago
she came to this section, going to Nord
hoff in the Ojai Valley, in the hope
that her health might be benefited.
Helped Build Statue of Liberty.
PHILADELPHIA. Jan.
ander McGaw, the famous architect
and engineer, died at his home here
to-night aged 77 years. McGaw built
the pedestal for the statue of Liberty
and also constructed the New York
Central Railroad bridge over the Har
lem.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.—The fol
lowing Californians arrived here to
day:
At the Arlington—F. D. Hopkins, of
San Francisco; Mias T. D. Loring and
T. M. Landls and wife of San Jose.
Dr. Henry Boynton Dies.
WOODSTOCK, Vt.. Jan. 30.—Dr.
Henry Boynton, author and lecturer,"
died to-day, aged 81 years. He made
a notable record as a surgeon during
the Civil War.
WASHINOTON. Jan. 30.—1n the Senate to
day a bill extending to the Philippines the
provisions of the revised statutes concerning
the extradition of fugitives from justice waa
passed.
WARSAW MOBS GIVE BATTLE
TO THE IMPERIAL SOLDIERS
Casualties of Single Night's Encounters in the Polish
City Estimated at One hundred and Sixty.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 30.—The
day here was passed in perfect quiet.
There have been no manifestations of
terrorism. The report that a bomb
was thrown at the Governor General's
residence is unfounded.
Interest has been transferred entire
ly from St. Petersburg and Moscow to
Warsaw, Lodz and Labau, where a
state of siege has been proclaimed.
Warsaw Is the chief center of interest,
on account of the rioting there on Sun
day and Sunday night, In which at
least 1(50 persons were killed or wound
ed. The strikes continue unabated and
business is paralyzed, but there was
better order during to-day.
In Warsaw, however, the crisis is by
no means passed and there is great ap
prehension here with regard to what
the night may bring forth.
The public reprimand administered
to Deputy Chief of Police Roudneff of
Moscow on account of the posting ef
the anti-British telegram In this city,
has been delivered and in government
circles it is believed to be severe
enough to satisfy British opinion. It
is thought that this step, together with
circulating the reprimand in provincial
administrations, will prevent further
attacks or Insinuations against foreign
ers and will remove the incident from
the realm of diplomacy.
The Manufacturers' Association will
meet this week to decide the question
of paying the wages of the strikers for
the time the latter were not at work.
As a number of the works have al
ready paid their unskilled laborers,
whose pay day was January 28, one
half or full time, the rest of the em
ployers probably will decide to pay
their workmen at least part of their
wages for the time they were on strike.
At Kieff several of the big machine
shops and engineerir- works are idle
owing to the strike there and the bak
eries are partially closed with the re
sult that the price of bread has risen.
The military are patrolling the streets.
At Mitau there have been some disor
ders and a police superintendent was
wounded. The troops there have not
yet used their arms. A battery of
artillery and a battalion of troops have
been dispatched from Vilna to Llbau.
BOMB THROWING IN PARIS.
Two Guards Wounded and Prefect's
Life Imperiled.
PARIS. Jan. 30. —The police early
to-day discovered a bomb in front of
the house of Prince Troubetskoy, an
attache of the Russian embassy here.
The policemen extinguished the light
ed fuse and informed the authorities,
who are investigating the affair.
The bomb was bottle-shaped and of
small dimensions. It was filled with
a green powder. There were two
tubes in the center, 'one of metal and
the other of glass, containing acid.
Owing to faulty construction the acid
could not have mixed with the pow
der and as it is the bomb could not
have done great damage.
A meeting was held this evening in
the Tivoll, Vauxhall. to protest against
the Russian autocracy. It was under
the auspices of the revolutionary So
cialistic group and 6000 persons were
present. Deputies Jaures, Vaillant
and De Pressenz spoke. The police
were in strong force outside.
During the exit of the audience into
the Avenue de la Republique a bomb
was thrown into the center of the
group of republican guards, in which
stood Prefect Lepine and other high
officials. None of these, was Injured,
but two guards were wounded and
many windows broken. The bomb was
loaded with big-headed boot nails.
Two men have been arrested, one
of them a law student, on the belief
that they were the authors of the
crime.
Several Russian and Polish exiles
among the orators at the meeting
used extremely violent language. Pro
fessor Trempoff, who was Father Go
pon's college professor, amid frantic
applause, showered eulogism on the
leader of the St. Petersburg strikers.
Deputy Jaures said the revolutionary
period had opened in Russia and
could close only with the end of im
perialism. The auditors shouted "To
the embassy."
When they were outside the hall
they sang revolutionary songs and en
deavored to break through the lines
of the police, who resisted. Then the
bomb was thrown. Two members of
the Republican Guard and three civil
ians were wounded.
SCORES OF RUSSIANS DROWNED.
Ice on River Gives Way While They
Are Fleeing I rom Troops.
BERLIN. Jan. 31.—TheVossische
Zeitung's Riga letter says the official
report of the number killed and
wounded in the riots there is far be
low the reported number, since it only
included those delivered to the hos
pitals, while unknown numbers lost
their lives by drowning.
When the soldiers fired upon the
crowd many rushed down the rocky
shore to escape across the river on the
ice. which broke, engulfing them. A
snow storm was prevailing at the"
time and the temperature sank rap
idly, causing the river to freeze over
again, and in consequence no bodies
have been recovered.
The movement, the letter says, has
taken on a distinctly political charac
ter, through the influence of inde
pendents, or those not belonging here.
These are Southern Russians, who
came to Riga under Government en
tourage to Russify the Polytechnic
Institute. They were * heard In the
streets shouting "The war must stop."
Down with the Czar," "Give us a con
stitution." "Long live revolution,"
"Hurrah for Japan!" A number of
Btudents were killed or wounded.
_s «
Appeal for Novelist Gorky.
ROME, Jan. 30.—A number of
Deputies signed a memorial in the
Chamber of Deputies to-day asking
the Government to use Us good of
fices with the Russian Government to
save the-life of Maxim Gorky and his
companions.
Prussia Expels Two Russians.
BERLIN, Jan. 30. —The Prussian
Government has expelled two Russian
students who were arrested yesterday
on the ground that, being engaged irf
advocating a revolution In Russia,
they were not desirable residents.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 30.—Th* Supervisors to-day
■ranted a franchise to the Santa Clara Inter,
urban Company for a road rrom Saratoga ave
nue to the Stevens, Creek road over the public
highway.
TROOPS SHOT
FROM AMBUSH
BY THE POLES
WARSAW, Russian Poland, Jan. 30.— J
The number killed or wounded here last | i
night is estimated at 160. Out of door I I
life in the city is at a complete stand- j
still. All of the restaurants, cafes and
shops are closed.
By order of the Governor General the
governments of Warsaw, Lodz and Pc- j j
trokoff have been placed under the op- ,
eratlon of the law for the strict main- j
tenance of the public order. The Gov- (
ernment buildings and large factories
are guarded by troops. Part of the elec- j
trie light plant has been destroyed by
striken,
LONDON, Jan. 31.—The correspond
ent at Warsaw of the Daily Mall tele
graphs as follows:
"The street railway service here has |
been partly resumed, with soldiers rid- i
ing before and behind most of the cars, i
Few cabs are running. Street fighting 1
continues and the mob Is growing in j
dangerous fashion. There have been
frequent collisions between the people
and the soldiers. Revolutionists at- '
tacked the troops with revolvers and [
kmves. The principal disturbances to
day occurred in Noviswalt street, a
leading business thoroughfare.
TROOPS FIRE VOLLEYS.
"At 11 o'clock on Sunday night a reg
iment of infantry marched to this thor
oughfare from Smolna street, when
somebody fired upon It, whereupon the
troops were ordered to form a square
and fire from four sides.
"Any criticism of the troops must be
qualified by the fact that they are
fighting under trying conditions, being
constantly exposed to snipers and oc
casionally stabbed by passers-by. Gen
erally the troops are well behaved, but
sometimes there are excesses by Indi
vidual soldiers who have become in
toxicated. One such soldier killed two
children before his comrades were able
to disarm him.
"There have been many sad cases of
wholly Innocent persons shot accident
ally as . they turned street corners.
There are rumors that hundreds have
been killed in fighting in the suburban
towns; but I have personally Investi
gated every such report and learned
that there has been a comparatively
smalr death roll.
"Fighting was renewed this morning,
people firing from their houses upon
the troops.
"I cannot find a single shop un
harmed. All have been plundered and
most of them have been burned.
WOMEN OPPOSE SOLDIERS.
"A mob of desperate and hungry
women tried to thrust soldiers' bay
onets aside to get into a bakery. The
guard proved good natured and avoid
ed hurting the women. I am accus
tomed to the sight of misery, but the
haggard, starving wretchedness of
these women will haunt me to my dy
ing day.
"The troops and people had a little
pitched battle here before the military
rule was established. Even now the
slightest weakening of the military
would result in an immediate re
crudescence of violence.
"The situation on the whole has not
improved. The rioters avoid open con
flict, but seize every crpportuplty to
•wreak sly vengeance on the troops.
Many people are afraid to venture into
the streets, but young women or the ]
lower and middle classes court danger
in the worst disturbance, merely for
the love of excitement:
"Food is almost unprocurable and
bread is at famine prices. The am- !
balances are busy day and night. God j
help Warsaw!"
GENERAL STRIKE IN LEGHORN.
Italian Method of Expressing Sympa- :
thy for Russians.
ROME, Jan. 30. —The Under Sec- I
retary for the Interior, in the Cham- !
ber of Deputies to-day, said the rev- j
olutionary meeting last Sunday had I
been forbidden out of regard for Rus- j
sia, as well as for reasons of public
order.
Anti-Russian demonstrations con
tinue in several cities of Italy.
At Leghorn a general strike has {
been decided upon to express sympa- |
thy with Russian workmen. About |
10,000 workmen have struck.
CHICAGO. Jan. 30.—Cashier W. C. Rector, I
Indicted In connection with the failure of the j
Pan-American Bank, surrendered to-day to the
Sheriff. 1
The i
Pianola-Piano Family
a The Weber Pianola-Piano .-\
mm The Wheelock Pianola-Piano
The Aeolian Pianola-Piano ;
///// Pianos ranging from the thoroughly good and medium \N\
lift/ grades to the highest, each including, and entirely in-
Hill visible, the mechanism of the Pianola—the best type of VW\
Hill piano player yet devised. \\v\
///// Any person of moderate means can buy a piano, yYl\
///// ut the richest man or woman cannot, unaided, play \\\\\
111 11 upon it unless qualified to do so by months and years I ill
lll|| of patient preparation. The Pianola-Piano can be
lull played by any person, musician or otherwise. It can be ill/
\\\\\ pl*y c< * w *th the hands in the usual way, or instantly /////
VJJ\ changed to be played by the Pianola, and its cost llj
\w\ is but little more than any high grade piano. JJJjj
\XjSS. TERM PAYMENTS IF DESIRED. 1111 l
\a\ Exclusive Agents San Francisco and Vicinity. /////
Kohler (2b Chase
(Tkt Largttt Mult H«*m •» tat Omt) Sss/s
Corner Post and
Kearny Sts.
- —*
GREAT BRITAIN
AGAIN STIRRED
TO DEEP ANGER
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 30.—New
complications between Great Britain
and Russia are feared on account of
the attack on the British Consul and
Vice Consul at Warsaw on Saturday
night. Coming on the heels of the
placards posted by Assistant Chief of
Police Roudneff at Moscow charging
Great Britain with Inciting the revolu
tion in Russia, the Warsaw incident is
likely to arouse an outburst in Great
Britain which may again strain rela
tions between the two countries. Be
yond the fact of the attack at Warsaw,
resulting in the wounding of the British
Vice Consul, who is now in a hospital,
the British embassy here has no details
of the affair, but Sir Charles Hardinge,
the British Embassador, has already
delivered a note to -Foreign Minister
Lamsdorff asking for an immediate In
vestigation and explanation, reserving
any claims which may be hereafter
made, and at the same time asking for
the protection of British Consuls
throughout the empire. By the first
train he also dispatched Major Napier,
the British military attache, to Warsaw
to obtain a full report on the circum
stances.
Count Lamsdorff replied to Embassa
dor Hardinge's second note on the sub
ject of the Moscow placards by saying
that instructions had been sent to re
move all traces of the placards from
*he streets. It la now learned, how
ever, that similar notices had been
posted at Libau and Reval, which led
to a renewal of representations on this
score.
HOLY SYNOD'S ALLEGATIONS.
In this connection the appearance of
the proclamation of the Holy Synod
Instructing the orthodox priests to in
form their parishioners that the strike
and revolutionary movements were pro
moted by the external as well as in
ternal enemies of Russia, with the ob
ject of embarrassing the military and
naval plans, has created something of
a flurry among foreigners here, espe
cially the British, who believe that the
object is to incite hostilities.
Most of the factories and mills of
St. Petersburg were in operation to
day and the strike, to all intents and
purposes, is ended. A few large estab
lishments have not yet fully resumed
operations,. owing to the official for
malities necessary in registering their
thousands qf employes. Some of the
workmen at the Poutiloff works, where
the strike originated, have asked for
the celebration of a religious service by
the Metropolitan of St. Petersburg be
fore resuming work, "so as to remove
the effect of the presence of the un
frocked priest and excommunicated
leader," Father Gopon. Some Social-
Democrats are protesting against the
arrests of Friday and Saturday, on the
ground that the action was in violation
of the implied promise contained in the
proclamation by the authorities.
ANTI-RUSSIAN OUTBURST.
LONDON. Jan. 30.—Reports of
continued acts of hostility to Great
Britain and citizens of this country
In Russia are causing much perplexity
and anxiety In official circles In Lon
don. At the Foreign Office there is
evident apprehension of another pop
ular anti-Russian outburst here and
while diplomats say there is no doubt
that full satisfaction will be given for
j the Warsaw affair, the newspapers
; are unanimous in condemnation of
| Russia and attribute all incidents to
j anti-British sentiment.
At the Foreign Office to-day It was
j intimated that these accumulated evi
| dences of hostility, whether accident
lal or intentional, were causing mv« h
i apprehension and that it would be
; necessary for the Russian Government
!to give full and prompt explanation,
!or otherwise popular sentiment In the
j United Kingdom might create a seri
| ous situation.
It was pointed out that while the
| injured pro-Consul at Warsaw, Mucu
i kaln, was merely an interpreter and
naval clerk in the consulate that fact
I made no difference and that it would
|be necessary to prove that the affair
| was not the result of the publication
lof the objectionable notices concern
ing which Embassador Hardinge al
j ready has protested officially.
| SEATTLE. Jan. 30.—The schooner David
I Evans, owned by the Pacific Snipping Coni-
I pany of San Eranciaco. to-day ran aground
I near Point No Point while bound to San Diego
I from Everett with a cargo of lumber and pllea.
I Thu vessel Is not badly damaged and probably
I will be floated.
81
RULING OF SUPREME COURT
IS AGAINST BEEF TRUST.
Decision Favors Contention of Government
.— •—, —
Injunction Granted bu the Lower Tribunal Re
straining Packers Made Permanent.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
CHICAGO, Jan. 80.—Judge Grosscup. when informed of the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States mak
ing permanent his injunction restraining the big packing companies from entering into a -ombination in viola-
tion of the Sherman anti-trust law, declared that he believed the action presaged a national movement for the
control and supervision by the nation of the great corporations of the future. Said he:
"The decision establishes the right of the Government to prevent combinations among the manufacturers of meats.
It fortifies the Sherman act. It is a long step In the direction of effectual Government supervision. But to my mind
the real significance of the decision is much deeper and far-reaching than even this. It effectively clears the decks for
what I believe will be the next really great national movement —as the restriction and Anally the abolition of slavery
was the last great fundamental movement—the organization and supervision by the nation itself of the great corpora
tions of the future, a movement whose chief object will be, not so much to control prices, or merely to curb power, as
to bring corporate ownership within the reach and reasonable confidence of the people at large, and thus to repeople
lze and republlcanlze again the industrial ownership of the country."
Judge C. C. Kohlsaat of the United States District Court said:
"There never was any doubt in my mind that the Supreme Court would uphold Judge Grosscup's decision. It
seemed perfectly clear, and I don't believe that at any time there was another decision likely. This decision must be
highly pleasing to President Roosevelt, as it opens the road to great possibilities along the line of a cure for the so
called trust evil."
Attorneys for the big packers refused to make any comment as to what action would be taken on the decision un
til detailed Information as to the scope of the order reached them. John S. Miller, who acted as special counsel for the
packers In the proceedings, said:
"The order, as I understand it, simply makes permanent the Injunction restraining the packers from doing busi
ness in restraint of trade and in violation of the Sherman anti-trust law. They have assured me repeatedly that they
have done nothing in violation of these laws, hence a permanent restraining order does not In any manner inconvenience
them. It does not accuse them or convict them of any wrongdoing. The only thlng'that I see that could be done would
be to request a hearing of the case."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.—The Su
preme Court of the United States to
day decided the case of the United
States vs. Swift & Co., known as the
beef trust case, charging a conspiracy
among the packers to fix prices on
fresh meats. The opinion was handed
down by Justice Holmes and affirmed
the decision of the court below, which
was against the packers.
In his opinion Justice Holmes dis
cussed at length the various conten
tions of the packers and disposed of
them Individually. He admitted that
some of the charges were less specific
than desirable, but said this was nec
essarily true on account of the vast
extent of the field covered. He added
that sufficient evidence had been
shown to prove continuous offenses and
an offense of such a nature to justify
the proceeding. The opinion continues
the injunction granted against the
packers under the Sherman anti-trust
law by tbe lower courts. The deci
sion was cuncurred in by all the mem
bers of the court. Summarizing the
bills, Justice Holmes said:
PURPOSES OF COMBINE.
"It charges a combination of a domi
nant proportion of the dealers in fresh
meats throughout the United States
not to bid against each other In the
livestock markets of the different
States, to bid up prices for a few days
in order to induce the cattlemen to
send their stock to the stock yards; to
fix prices at which they will sell, and
to that end to restrict shipments of
meat when necessary; to establish a
uniform rule of credit to dealers, and
to keep a blacklist; to make uniform
and improper charges for cartage, and
finally to get less than lawful rates
from the railroads to the exclusion of
competitors."
Referring to the allegation of lack of
continuity in the. charges, he said:
"Whatever may be thought concern
ing the proper construction of the stat
ute, a bill in equity is not to be read
and construed as an indictment would
have been read and* construed a hun
dred years ago, but it is to be taken to
mean what it fairly conveys to a dis
passionate reader by a fairly exact use
of English speech. Thus read, this bill
yeems to us intended to allege succes
sive elements of a single connected
scheme."
WITHIN REACH OF LAW.
He disposed of the c*harge of "multi
fariousness ' in the following language:
"The scheme, as a whole seems to us
te be within reach of the law. The
constituent elements, as we have stat
ed them, are enough to give to the
scheme a body, and, for all that we
can say, to accomplish it. Moreover,
whatever we may think of them sep
arately, when we take them up as dis
tinct charges they are alleged as ele
ments of the scheme. It is suggested
that the several acts charged are law
ful, and that Intent can make no dif
ference. But they are bound together
as the parts of a single plan. The plan
may make the parts unlawful. Intent
ia almost essential to such a convention
and Is essential to such an attempt.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Is there any soap but
Pears' which has been sold
in two centuries and is
selling in the third?
Bold all orer tbe world
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Cleanses and beautifies the
teeth and purifies the breath.
Ueed by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
Very convenient for tourists.
PREPARED BY
CARTERS] cure sick headache.
■Sittle Genuine Must Bear
WjVER Fac-Simile Signature
[
promptly relieve-
Throat and lung Trouble**
A simple remedy*
Where acts are not sufficient In them
selves to produce a result which the
law seeks to prevent—for instance, the
monopoly—but require further acts in
addition to the mere forces of nature
to bring that result to pass, an Intent
to bring to pass is necessary In order
to produce a dangerous probability that
it will happen."
TRAFFIC IS INTERSTATE.
He also said:
"The commission alleged embraces
restraint and monopoly of trade within
a single State, although its effect upon
commerce among the States is not ac
cident, secondary, remote or merely
probable."
Speaking further on the question of
Interference with interstate commerce,
Justice Holmes said that a charge was
made of a combination of independent
dealers to restrict the competition of
the agents who purchase stock for
them in the stock yards.
"The purchasers and their slaughter
ing establishments are," he said,
"largely in different States from those
of the stock yards, and the sellers of
the cattle, perhaps it is not too much
to assume, largely in different States
from either. The Intent of the com
bination is not merely to restrict com
petition among the parties, but, as we
have said, by force of the general al
legation at the end of the bill, to aid
in an attempt to monopolize commerce
among States.
"When cattle are sent for sale from I
a place in one State, with the ex
pectation that they will end their tran
sit after purchase in another, and
when in effect they do so, with the only
interruption necessary being to find a
purchaser at the stock yards, and when
this is a typical, constantly recurring
course, the current thus existing is a
current of commerce among the States,
and the purchase of the cattle is a part
and incident of such commerce."
With reference to the allegation that
no interstate commerce is involved In
the sale of meats by the packers. Jus- ,
tice Holmes said:
MAY PROHIBIT POOLING.
"The allegations of the second sec
tion, even if they import a technical
passage of title at the slaughtering
houses, also Import that the sale to
persons in other States and also that
the shipments to other States are part
of the transaction—'pursuant to such
sales'—and the third section imports
that the same things which are sent to
agents are sold by them, and sufficient
ly Indicates that some, at least, of the
sales are of the original packages.
Moreover the sales are by persons In
one State to persons In another. But
we do not mean to imply that the rule
which marks the point at which State
taxation or regulation becomes permis
sible necessarily is beyond the scope
of Interference by Congress In cases
where such Interference Is deemed
necessary for the protection of com
merce among the Statee. Nor do we
mean to intimate that the statute un
der consideration is limited to that
point."
After referring in detail to the ob
jections to the original bill of com
plaint and disposing of all of them as
Insufficient, Justice Holmes said:
"The defendants cannot be ordered
to compete, but they properly can be
forbidden to g've directions or to make
agreements not to compete."
Suggestions looking to the modifica
tion of the, injunction were made as
follows:
"No objection waa made on the
ground that It Is not confined to the
places specified in the bill. It seems to
us, however, that it ought to act forth
more exactly transactlona on which
auch directiona, and agreements are
forbidden. The trade In fresh meat
referred to should be defined somewhat
as It Ib In the bill, and the sales of
stock should be confined to sales of
stock at the stockyards or that bought
at these yards for transport to another
State."
MOODY SPEAKS OF RULING.
In speaking of the Supreme Court
decision to-day Attorney General
Moody said:
"I was present In court when a
synopsis of the decision was stated
orally by Justice Holmes. There is
no impropriety In my saying that, as
I understand that statement, the opin
ion sustains In all respects the conten
tion of the Government and affirms
the decree of the court below in all sub
stantial particulars. The case decides
that the traffic in livestock transported
from the State or Territory,of its origin
to another State for sale and held there
for sale is Interstate commerce and
that those engaged in buying and sell
ing such livestock are engaged In inter
state commerce. This question has
been before the court twice before, but
was left undecided because the cases
in which It was presented turned upon
other considerations.
"The decision condemns as an un
lawful restraint of trade the combina
tion between Independent dealers to
suppress all competition in the pur
chase of livestock thus situated. It
condemns as an unlawful restraint of
trade the combination between such
dealers for the purpose of fixing: and
maintaining uniform prices In the sale
of meat throughout the country; it
condemns as an unlawful restraint of
trade the combination between such
dealers to obtain preferential rates for
Ahe transportation of their product by
common carriers. The decision makes
it clear that all combinations between
Independent individuals, partnerships
lor corporations engaged in Interstate
commerce by which competition be
tween them on sucn commerce is sup
pressed-fall under the prohibition of
the so-called anti-trust act."
The Attorney General declined to sa.v
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1905.
anything with reference to any future
proceedings in this or any other anti
trust case.
RULING FAVORS HARRIMAN.
Supreme Conrt Grants Petition In the
Northern Securities Case.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.—The Su
preme Court of the United States to
day granted the peptition for a writ
of certiorari in the case of E. H. Har
riman and others versus the Northern
Securities Company, growing out of
the former decision of the court rela
tive to the distribution of the stock
of the securities company. The ef
fect of granting the writ is to bring
the case to the Supreme Court for re
view. Argument is set for February
20 after other cases on the calendar
|on that day.
After the Government suit was de
cided against the merger, the securi
ties company decided to distribute the
stock of each of the two railroad com
panies among the stockholders pro
portionately, Instead of giving to each
one the stock originally deposited by
him as Harriman claims should have
been done. Harriman and his asso
ciates represent the Northern Pacific
stockholders and they represent $82,
--491,871 of stock. The present case
i was brought in the Circuit Court for
j the District of New Jersey, which
i granted an injunction against the
| securities company, prohibiting the
' disposal of the Northern Pacific Rail-
I road stock. The Circuit Court of Ap
peals reversed, that decision, and its
decision would haWVeW final, but for
the decision reached to-day to review
[ the case.
FAVORS LAND COMPANY.
Supreme Tribunal Decides Case From
Washington State.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 80.—In an
opinion of Justice Brewer, the Su
preme Court of the United States af
firmed the opinion of the Supreme
Court of the State of Washington, in
the case of Susan A. Ramsey vs. the
Tacoma Land Company. The case
arose out of a controversy over land in
Pierce County, Washington, that Mrs.
Ramsey claimed by virtue of a home
stead entry, while the Tacoma Com
pany asserted title by virtue of pur
chase from the Northern Pacific Rail
road Company* The decision was fa
vorable to the land company and the
Northern Pacific title.
JAIL FOR POSTAL RING.
Supreme Court Decides Against Mach
en, Lorenz, and Groff.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 80.—The Su
preme Court of the United States to
day denied the application of Machen,
Lcrenz and Groff for a writ of cer
tiorari in the case against them charg
ing conspiracy to defraud the Gov
ernment in connection with the Post
office Department irregularities. The
effect is to leave standing the decision
of the Court of Appeals of the District
of Columbia finding them guilty aa
charged. Machen, Lorenz and the
Groffs were sentenced to two years'
imprisonment and to pay a fine of
$10,000 each.
NAVAL SURGEON DIES
FROM YELLOW FEVER
Otto Kohlhaz of the Cruiser Boston
Passes Away Suddenly at
Panama.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 80. — Com
mander NUea, commanding the U. S. S.
Boaton at Panama, has notified the
Navy Department that Asalatant Sur
geon Otto Kohlhaz, one of the officers
of that ship recently stricken with
yellow fever, died suddenly yesterday.
Surgeon Kohlhaz was born in Min
nesota and appointed to the medical
department of the navy from South
Dakota In May, 1903.
Goodnow Ready to Face Trial.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 80.—Consul
General Goodnow of Shanghai, China,
formally reported at the State Depart
ment to-day. He comes prepared to
meet the charges made against him,
which have been pending for nearly a
year before the department
Big Increase in Immigration.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.—For the
six months ended December 31 last
400,063 Immigrants were admitted to
the United States, against 324,641 for
the corresponding period In 1902 and
403,966 for the corresponding period
in 1903.
Favors Figures on Marriage.
WASHINGTON, Jan. SO.— The
President to-day sent a message to
Congress calling attention to the fact
that no statistics on marriage and di
vorce have been collected since 1886,
and recommended legislation. •
Police Lexow Is Demanded.
NEW YORK. Jan. 80.-—Resolutions
calling for the appointment of a com
mittee of nine to Inquire into the New
York City Police Department were
adopted at a meeting of prominent
business men to-day.
Hazelton Pianos Now at 514 Market.
Wholesale and retail agency at Pom
mer-Eilers, now at 614 Market street.
Pianos at cut prioes. ou easy payments. •
RAILROAD BILL
IS AGREED UPON
House Committee Votes to
Eeport a Combination of
Esch - Townsend Measure
MINOEITY IS OPPOSED
Goes Upon Becord as in;
Favor of the Eegulations:
That Davey Has Proposed
♦
WASHINGTON. Jan. 30.—The House j
i Committee on Interstate and Foreign
Commerce by a party vote to-day au
j thorized a favorable report to the
House on a bill extending authority to
the Interstate Commerce Commission
to fix rates, increasing the size of the
commission from five to seven members
and creating a "court of transporta
' tlon." The bill is a combination of the
; Esch-Townsend measure, with amend
j ments taken from the Hepburn bill,
i The action of the committee was
i reached alter lasting prac
j ticllly all day. At 10 o'clock the eleven
Republican members of the committee
{ met for the purpose of agreeing on a j
I bilL Eight of them were in favor of
I reporting the Hepburn bill, lacking one
! vote of being a majority. Townaend,
! Esch and Loverlng were in favor of
' the Esch-Townsend proposition. Final- 1
:ly Chairman Hepburn moved to report
i the Esch-Townsend measure with
' amendments, and then the Democratic
i members of the committee were called
j in and an hour was given them to cau-
I cue on the bill. During this time it
I developed that two of the six minority
, members were not satisfied with the
I Davey bill. The four members who did
' support it agreed to add two amenu
j ments, one providing that where a rate ,
lls named by the commission affecting
I two or more roads the commission, on
; the failure of the roads to agree on a
division of the rate, shall make a rul-
I ing on the matter, and the other ex
pediting litigation over a rate that has
been fixed by the commission,
j The full committee met at 4 o'clock. 1
and after voting down the Davey bill
by a party vote the Republicans car
ried the Hepburn motion. The Demo
crats gave notice that they would pre
sent the Davey bill in the House with
a minority report, Townsend subse
quently introduced in the House the
measure agreed on in order to have it
printed.
SCOPE OF THE MEASURE.
The bill as reported contains twenty
two sections. Sections one and two ex
tend authority to the Interstate Com
merce Commission, whenever after full
hearing it has declared any existing
rate for the transportation of persons
or preperty or any regulation or prac
tice whatsoever affecting the trans
portation of persons or property to be
unreasonable or unjustly discrimina
tory, to declare and order what shall
be a just and reasonable rate, practice
or regulation to be charged, imposed or
followed in the future In place of that
found to be unreasonable or unjustly
discriminatory, and the order of the
commission shall of its own force be
come operative thirty days after notice
has been given to the person or per
sons directly affected thereby; but at
' any time within sixty days from data
of such notice any persons directly af
fected by the order of the commission
and deeming It to be contrary to law
may institute proceedings In the Court
of Transportation, sitting as a court of
equity, to have it reviewed and its law
fulness, Justness or reasonableness de
termined.
When the rates substituted by the
commission shall be a Joint rate and
the carriers fail to agree on the ap
portionment thereof among themselves
within twenty days after notice of such
order, the commission after full hear
ing may issue a supplementary order
declaring the portion of such joint rate
to be received by each carrier party
thereto, which shall take effect of its
own force as part of the original or
der, subject to review like the original
I order.
Section 8 makes all proceedings be
- fore the commission, Including the rec
ord of evidence, findings and records of
the commission, a part of the record
in the case, to be sent to the court
of transportation within ten days after
notice for review has been given. All
proceedings before the court are to be
conducted by the Attorney General.
The commission, however, may employ
special counsel, with the approval of
the Attorney General, and, moreover, is
given full power, even during proceed
ings to modify, suspend or annul its
former order, ruling or requirements.
HEAVY PENALTY TMPOSED.
Section 4 Imposes a penalty of a fine
of $5000 a day for each day parties vlo
, late the rulings of the commission
made under sections 1 and 2 of the bill.
Section 5 defines the word "person"
to Include corporations.
Section 6 increases the membership
of the commission <o seven and makes
j the salary of each $10,000 a year, and
concludes: "The President shall ap
point, by and with the consent of the
Senate, two additional Interstate Com
merce Commissioners. Not more than
four Commissioners shall be appointed
from the same political party."
S ctlon 7 establishes the Court of
Transportation, to be composed of five
Circuit Judges of the United States, no
two of whom shall be from the same
Judicial district.
Section 8 provides that this court
shall hold four regular sessions annu
ally in Washington. Special sessions
may be held at other places.
Section » authorises the President to
appoint five additional Circuit Court
Judges.
Section 10 grants the Court of Trans
portation exclusive original jurisdic
tion In all cases brought under the pro
visions of the bill and also the inter
state commerce act.
Sections 12 and 13 relate to evidence
before the court.
The Court of Transportation Is given
power to summon before it all parties
named as defendants or respondents in
proceedings before it, and its subpenas
for witnesses may "run into any judi
cial district or any territory or posses
sion of the United States."
REPORT ON STATE BANKS.
Condition of the National Institutions
in California.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30. —Reports
to the Comptroller of the Currency on
the condition of the national banks in
California, exclusive of San Francisco
and Los Angeles, show: Loans and
discounts, J22.706.197; gold coin re
.serve in banks, 12,958,699; total spe
cie reserve, $2,908,609; legal tender
notes, $3,090,525; total resources,
$42,947,976; individual deposits, $27,
--935,105; percentage of legal reserve to
deposits. 30.25.
Biddle Goes to the Rock Island.
CHICAGO, Jan. 30.— W. B. Biddie.
traffic manager of the Santa Fe, haa
been appointed third vice president of
the Rock Island, effective March 1.
ARIZONA MAY
BE LEFT OUT
Indications That the Other
Territories Will Be Ad
mitted Into the Union
DATE FOE VOTE FIXED
; Oklahoma With Indian Ter
j ritory May Form One State
and New Mexico Another
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30— It Is by no
means certain how many new States
will be admitted to the Union under
the agreement reached to-day to vote
on the joint statehood bill and its nu
merous amendments on Febraury 7.
There are prospects, however, that
Oklahoma and Indian Territory will
come in as one State and that New
Mexico will come in as another, leav
ing Arizona as a Territory.
Senator Beveridge, chairman of the
Committee on Territories, who has
charge of the bill, concedes that in Its
present form there is no hope for its
passage. He says that his desire now
Is to give statehood to the million and
a half of people of Oklahoma and In
dian Territory at this time, and that
later Arizona and New Mexico will be
admitted as one State.
It is said that several members of
the Committee on Territories Intend, If
they fall to defeat amendments to the
bill, to support the Foraker amend
ment, which they believe would have
an effect contrary to that planned by
its author. The Foraker amendment
provides that either New Mexico or
Arizona " y a majority vote could de
feat the calling of a constitutional
convention of the Territories to provide
for their admission. Instead of requir
ing a majority of all the votes of both
Territories combined.
Members of the Territories Commit
tee are of the opinion that the people
of the Territories, even Arizona, when
face to face with a chance to come In
Jointly as one State or remain as Ter
ritories for an Indefinite period would
vote to come In as one State.
KLAMATH PROJECT FAVORED.
Receives the Sanction of the House
Committee,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 80.—The
House Committee on Irrigation of Arid
Lands to-day authorized a favorable
report on the Senate bill providing for
the Klamath Lake Irrigation project
in Oregon and California, The bill
was amended so aa to obviate a man
datory direction to the Secretary of
the Interior to actually locate an irri
gation project under a reclamation act.
Date Set for Vote on Statehood.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 80.—The Sen
ate to-day agreed to vote on the Joint
statehood bill before adjournment on
Tuesday, February 7, the amendments
to be constdered on that date under
the *en minute rule. Senator Teller
spoke during the day in opposition to
the bill. The bill to provide a $75,
--000 revenue cutter for the harbor of
San Francisco was passed.
Appropriation Bill Passed.
WASHINGTON, Jan. SO.After a pro
tracted debate the House to-day
adopted the conference report on the
executive, legislative and Judicial ap
propriation bill. As agreed to, the bill
carries , $29,132,242. The postoffice
appropriation bill was taken up, and
Its consideration had not been con
cluded when the House adjourned un
til to-morrow.
SEA MUST GIVE
UP ITS WEALTH
Titled Britons Organize to
Extract Gold From the
Waters of the Ocean
Special Cable to Tho Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright, 11)05, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
LONDON, Jan. 30.—Americans doubt
less will recall the associations that
were formed several years ago, after
the discovery of a method of extracting
gold from sea water, and the derision
with which the idea was laughed out of
court. London folk now have an op
portunity to invest their money in such
an undertaking, through which, it is
averred, an unlimited supply of pre
cious metal can be obtained from sea
water at a cost of ten pounds for every
100 pounds extracted.
Sir William Ramsey, whose scientific
reputation is of the highest, has been
retained by a syndicate which Is called
the Industrial and Engineering Trust
(Limited) and the shareholders of
which include Lord Brassey, Lord
Tweeddale, the Hon. Allan Gibbs, sev
eral manufacturers and Albert Sande
mann, former Governor of the Bank of
England. The syndicate has a modest
capital of 3000 pounds In one-pound
shares. The Inventor of the process by
which it is hoped to make a corner in
the world's gold Is H. J. Snell. Sir
William Ramsay has made experi
ments, of which he says In an Informal
report that "there is no doubt Snell
has proved that gold can profitably be
obtained from sea water on a large
scale and the amount of gold obtained
is so large that whether the cost of
treatment is four pounds a ton or the
outside figure of eight pounds, which
It could not exceed, it would not make
very much difference."
PLEADINGS OF WOMEN
WIN A KESWICK JUDGE
Court Remits Fines of Jurors Ad-
Judged Guilty of Contempt on
Petition of Female Friends.
REDDING, Jan. 80.—The women
friends of the jurors who were ad
judged guilty of contempt of court at
Keswick Saturday by Judge Hardey
and ordered to pay a fine of $5 each
to-day or be sent to Jail because they
brought in a verdict which not only
acquitted a defendant of a battery
charge but found the prosecuting of
ficials guilty of keeping the Jurors
from their business, saved the fines
for the jurors to-day. The women pe
titioned the Judge to excuse the ju
rors and as the guilty ones confessed
their error and begged the pardon of
the court the fines were remitted.
Extradition of Gessler Rosseau.
HARRISBURG, Pa.. Jan. 30.—Gov
ernor Pennypacker to-day honored
the requisition of Governor Higgins
for the extradition of Gessler Ros
seau, wanted at New York for send
ing an infernal machine to the dock
of the steamship Umbria.
NINE THOUSAND
FALSE BALLOTS
Most of Them Cast for Alva
Adams in Denver in the
Election of Last November
EXPEBTS MAKE EEPOET
If County Vote Is Thrown
Out Peabody Will Win the
Contest, Otherwise Not
DENVER, Jan. 30.—Ten ballot boxes
were reported on by experts to-day In
the joint legislative committee hear
ing cf the FeaboJy-Adams guberna
torial contest. The experts alleged that
out of 3044 ballots 723 were written by
two or three persons.
Tho examination of ballots in this
county on behalf of Peabody has now
been completed, 104 ballot boxes having
been opened. The experts' reports
show that 29,141 votes were cast in
these 101 precincts, of which 19,161 were
for Adams and £.'3ll for Peabody. The
experts reported that 7808 of the Dem
ocratic and 1220 Republican ballots
were fraudulent, as they were written
by from one to four persons.
If the Legislature should grant the
original petition of former Governor
Peabody and throw out the entire vote
of all these precincts, Peabody's plu
rality in the State would be 76. If,
however, the Legislature should deduct
the ballots alleged to be fraudulent
from the good ones, Adams would still
have a plurality of 2156.
Six more ballot boxes will be report
ed on to-morrow. With this report the
contestant will have finished his case
before the committee. Wednesday aft
ernoon the attorneys for the con
testee will begin to introduce evidence.
In the trial of Peter Miller, an elec
tion judge, who served In Precinct 8 of
Ward 7, on the charge of fraud in con
nection with his conduct of the elec
tion, the ballot box was brought Into
the West Side Criminal Court and
opened to-day. The contents showed
nineteen straight Republican tickets,
twenty scratched tickets and 215
straight Democratic tickets. This cor
responds with the returns made to the
election commission. During to-day,
j however, sixty-two persons went on
the stand and swore that they were
residents of the precinct and voted the
' straight Republican ticket on Novem
ber 8. _
Miller is at present serving sentencf
in the County Jail for contempt of the
Supreme Court election Injunctive or
der. The ballot box opened to-day was
not used in evidence at the contempt
proceedings for the reason that attor
neys for the defense objected.
SENATORIAL DEADLOCK
IN MISSOURI CONTINUES
' Member* of the Assembly Pair and
Only a Small Vote
Is Cast.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Jan. 30.—
Another ballot, the eleventh, was taken
to-day in joint session for United
States Senator to succeed Francis M.
i Cockrell without result, and the ses
j slon was dissolved until to-morrow.
The ballot resulted as follows: Cock
rell, 60; Niedrlnghaus, 46; Kerens, 11,
and Hays of Putnam County, 1. The
total vote cast was 108, requiring 5 5
to elect. Most of the absentees were
paired. There were eight pairs in the
Senate and 25 In the House.
WEALTHY WOMAN DIES
WHEN DECLARED INSANE
Mrs. Lucy Crandall of Denver lives
But Two Hours After
Verdict.
DENVER, Jan. 30.—Mrs. Lucy Ann
Crandall, a pioneer of this city, died
P" day two hours after a Jury had
pronounced her insane and incapable
of managing her business affairs. She
had property valued at $400,000 and
the lunacy proceedings were Instituted
by relatives. Instead of a conservator,
an administrator for her estate will
new be appointed.
JURY COMPLETE
IN WEBER CASE
♦
Five More Added at Session
Yesterday to the Seven
Men Previously Selected
♦
Social DUpatch to The CalL
AUBURN, Jan. 30.—The Jury to try
Adolph Weber on the charge of murder
ing his mother, Mary Weber, is now
complete. The five men selected at to
day's session are A. P. Hallbom of
Newcastle, J. Worthman of New Eng- \
land Mills, George P. Perkins of New
castle, J. L. Pearson of Rocklin and
Henry Jones of Sunny South. The other
seven are F. J. Wall, T. W. Berry, J.
P. Chubb, William Phillips. Dewitt Por
ter, J. E. Doherty and F. E. Coburn.
By both the prosecution and defense
the jury Is conceded to be a good one.
Owing to the illness of Juror T. W. ;
Berry, Judge Prawett haa postponed a
further hearing of the case until Thurs- |
day morning at 9 o'clock. Adolph We
ber, the accused, looked very pale in
court to-day. He said to The Call cor
respondent: "I am feeling very sick.
I have a sore throat and I fear I have
the grip."
Late this afternoon Dr. J. H. Mules
was summoned to attend young Weber.
Dr. Mules made a thorough examina-
I tlon of Weber and said: "I found
Adolph Weber td be far from well.
His temperature is 101%. He has a bad
sore throat. At the moment there is
nothing of serious nature apparent, al
t though the symptoms point to a pos-
I sible attack of pneumonia."
1 The town is rilled with people, drawn
' from all parts of the county, waiting
;to hear the testimony. When the case
"is taken up it Is highly probable there
w*ll be three sessions daily. This
would be in accordance with the views
of the attorneys In the case, .-ho are
non-residents. Attorney General Webb
is particularly anxious to have the I
trial oroceed with all possible haste. !
Eskimos and Canadians Clash.
SEATTLE, Jan. 30.—A special to
the Post-Intelligencer from Dawson,
Yukon Territory, says that a
just received in that city from Nome '
; state that serious trouble is imminent I
between the Eskimos and the Canadi
j ans near Russian Mission on the Yu- '
! kon river. According to the dispatch
the trouble dates back to an old feud
J and is being encouraged by the mcdi
: cine men of the warring tribes. Blood- <
j shed is feared unless the Government i
j takes Immediate steps to bring about a
settlement of the present dispute.
MAKES APPEAL
TO THE UNIONS
German Government Official
Promises Reforms iv the
Regulation of Labor
STRIKE RANKS GROWING
Men Employed in a Mine
j Owned by the State Lay
! Down Their Implements
BERT/IN, Jan. 30.—Commerce and
Industry Minister Moeller, speaking: in
I the Prussian Diet to-day, said the Gov
ernment would press the bill regulating
labor in mines. A few weeks would
suffico to prepare the proposed law.
He had hoped that the Government's
announcement that it Intended to pass
such a law would result In the strik
ers returning: to work, but to his great
regret they had not done so, to their
own loss and that of Industry.
Herr Moeller, replying to a deputa
tion of coal strikers to-day, asked them
to maintain a moderate attitude and
they would retain the sympathy of
right thinking people. The Govern
ment would do everything possible for
them.
ESSEN, Jan. 10.—To-day's official re
port of the coal miners' strike was
awaited with unusual interest, in view
of the Government's promised revision
of the mining laws and the decision of
the strike committee to stay out until
the promise Is redeemed. The report
actually shows an increase of strikers,
the number out being 195,015, against
194,286 on Saturday.
The Phoenix Iron Works at Ruhrort
and Hamm have announced a shut
down, owing to the lack of coal, throw
ing 5500 workmen out of employment.
BRESLAU, Jan. 30. — The strike
movement reached the upper Slleslan
district to-day, when 100 operators In
the Queen Louise mine, belonging to
the Prussian Government, demanded
shorter hours and hlgner wages. The
demand was refused and the workmen
left the mine.
FINDS A 'GATOR
IN HIS BATHTUB
Absent - Minded Student Is
Bitten by the Reptile Pet
of His Fraternity House
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MINNEAPOLIS. Minn., Jan. 80.—
While some of the Minnesota Univer
sity fraternities are content to be
known to fame on account of spotted
pups, prize terriers, colored parrots,
trained cats, lobsters and other crea
tures, it was left to one society to pro
cure a pet alligator. When it arrived
it was given the exclusive use of a
bathtub.
On Sat jrday night John Burrldge, en
absent-minded member of the frater
nity, decided to take a hot bath. After
turning on the water he jumped into
the tub. only to come out again faster
than he went in. The hot water had
got the better of the alligator's genial
disposition and the reptile grabbed the
bather by the leg.
Surgeons are attending the student.
Meanwhile the young alligator haa
been taken out of the bathtub.
Santa Fe Attorney Very Ill.
TOPEKA, Kan., Jan. SO.—A. A.
Hurd, general attorney for the Santa
Fe, who has been suffering from
'pnuemonla, shows a slight improve
ment to-night and the physicians say
there is a chance for his recovery.
DO AX ' S PTLLS.
TESTS PATIENCE,
Tie Most Patient Saa Pranetsw Cltara Must
SmOW Annoyance at Times.
Nothing spoils a good disposition.
Nothing taxes a man's patience
Like any itchiness of the skin.
Itching piles almost drive yum
crazy.
All day it makes you miserable.
All night it keeps you awake.
Itch, Itch, Itch, with no relief.
Just the same with Eczema.
Can hardly keep from scratching It.
You would do so bot yon know
it makes you worse.
Such miseries are daily decreasing.
People are learning they can be
cured.
Learning the merit of Doan's
Ointment.
Plenty of proof that Doan's Oint
ment will cure Piles, Eczema or any
itchiness of the skin.
Read the testimony of a San
Francisco citizen:
Mrs. A. F. Wick of 3*/ 2 Tay street
says: "For ten years I had attacks
of eczema on the back of my hand.
It broke out between the knuckles,
causing a soreness and itching. When
the attacks occurred I used internal
and external medicines and paid as
much as a dollar a box for ointment
and salves and consulted physicians,
but never knew the moment when
the skjn disease would return.
Doan's Ointment stopped the last
attack. During the last six months
there has not been a symptom of a
recurrence."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50c.
Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N. V.,
sole agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and
take no other.
SORE. AMU OLEIC DING GUMS
j Soft and spongy gums are made healthy
j by the mildly alkaline and astringent prop
, erties of SOZODONT. It is the mosl
fragrant deodorizer and antiseptic dentifnoe
known to the world.
SOZODONT
. TOOTH POWDER
1 ,
the complement cf SOZODONT Liquid, has
abrasive properties, yet is absolutely free
irom grit and acid. It will not tarnish t ol<i
j fillings or scratch the enamel.
• FORMS: LIQUID, POWDER, PAST*CENSURE AND CRITICISM
FOR THE GRAND JURY
Ach Unsparing in Arguing Injunction Suit
•I— ——— ■ **" 4*
IN argument of the injunction suit involving 620 Jackson street, Attorney
■ Henry Ach roundly denounced the grand jurors yesterday for raiding that
and other places ot vice. He said that District Attorney Byington and the
jurors will have to answer suits for heavy damages for these acts, which he
declared to be unlawful.
The Grand Jury made a report yesterday morning on the police scandal,
setting forth that evidence of "gross corruption" in Chinatown was in its
possession.
The Police Commission was prevailed on last night to grant another
continuance in the case of Sergeant Ellis.
TRIAL OF ELLIS
AGAIN PUT OVER
Commissioners De
fer Reluctantly to
Grand Jury.
Once more in deference to the Grand
Jury the hearing of the charges
against Sergeant Ellis In connection
with the Chinatown scandal was post
poned by the Police Commissioners last
night. They were not In yielding mood,
however, and in fact had begun the
inquiry when they were prevailed on by
District Attorney Byington. who had
arrived meantime, to put the matter
over another week.
The request from Foreman Andrews
for another continuance came rein
forced this time with a letter of rec
ommendation from Judge Lawlor. yes
terday morning the Grand Jury* made
a report to the court wherein it was
set forth that the jurors had very im
portant Information in their possession
as to "gross corruption" in Chinatown,
involving several policemen, and that
the plans for going to the bottom of
the scandal would be frustrated if the
Police Commission proceeded with Its
investigation and forced the witnesses
to disclose their testimony. Confessions
of several policemen that they accept
ed money from the gambling gamea
had been made. It was said, and money
that had been passed in bribery was
in the Jury's possession.
Though the Grand Jury refrained
from specific statements, Judge < Law
lor regarded its general statement of
w hat it had done and what It might do
sufficient to Justify him In asking the
Police Commission to hold its, hands off
"in the interest of Justice."
JURORS "TOO INDEFINITE."
When the communication had been
read by Secretary Cadwallader and the
t nmrr.issioners had perused the Grand
Jury's report, Drinkhouse expressed
his opinion that there was "nothing
definite" In the mass of typewriting.
Chairman Poheim also thought the re
port of the Grand Jury was "too indef
inite." The Commissioners wanted
more of the "inside information" that
had not been divulged, for to them it
was not clear whether the public in
quisitors had evidence of any impor
tance or not. Furthermore, there was
no enlightenment as to how much more
time would be required by the Jurors.
"The report of the Grand Jury says
that several policemen have made con
fessions," spoke up Poheim, "and if
that is the case we want to know it.
If any policemen have confessed that
they accepted money from Chinatown
gambling games they ought to be dis
missed from the department. We have
been waiting five weeks now in defer
ence to the Grand Jury and it is about
time we know who those corrupt po
licemen are. They are all on duty still
as peace officers.
"I understand that the Gr:»nd Jury
has promised to save the men who
have confessed. I want to say that
this commission has not given the
Grand Jury authority to give any such
assurance, so far as standing in the
department is ' concerned. If any po
liceman Is found to have accepted mon
ey in Chinatown he will be discharged
from the force."
It was then decided unanimously by
Commissioners Poheim, Reagan and
Drinkhouse to proceed with the trial
of Sergeant Ellis on the charges that
ex-Commlssloner Hutton preferred sev
eral weeks ago. Hutton waa on hand
as a witness, having been eubpenaed.
The clerk read the accusations, which
were that Ellis permitted gambling in
Chinatown while in command of the
squad for that district, and that on the
night ot Hutton's secret visit to the
quarter for the purpose of inaugurat
ing a raid the sergeant had info-med
the fantan managers of his coming.
ELLIS PLEADS NOT GUILTY.
Ellis was asked his plea and he an
swered "not guilty." But he insisted
that he was not ready to go ahead with
the hearing, not having counsel, for the
Grand Jury and District Attorney By
ington had advised him that the com
mission would grant another postpone
ment.
But the Commissioners announced
themselves as wearied of the dllatori
ness of the Grand Jury- "They have
had five weeks now In which to prose
cute this matter," complained Chair
man Poheim. "They appear to have
made no headway and have been de
voting themselves to other things."
So the crestfallen sergeant, who
Foreman Andrews says, is deserving
of a measure of sympathy, was or
dered to take his seat as a defendant
before the bar of the commission.
Hutton was called and sworn. Chiel
Wittman proceeded as interrogator
Two preliminary questions as to namt
and former official position had beer
asked when District Attorney Bying
ton arrived. He urged that the ef
forts of the Grand Jury to expose cor
ruption should not be interfered with
would be done if the commlssior
eaat mined the witnesses.
Hutton suddenly spoke up with z
declaration that as the prosecutor ir
the case he ought to have something
to say, and he declared it would be al
together unfair to Sergeant Ellis tt
proceed without giving him opportun
ity to obtain counsel, now that it ap
peared that he had been misled as tc
a postponement. Hutton said som(
. ompllmentary things of Ellis' recorc
and made appeal in his behalf for i
continuance.
There was more whispering among
tlv Commissioners, rribre dfscuaalor
with Byiugton and then they changed
their former resolution and decider
to, give Ellis another week. Tho case?
against the other accused policemer
were put over to two weeks from lasi
night.
Policeman Michael Murphy, wht
was suspended when it was though l
that he had caused the death of Johr
GROSSLY CORRUPT,
SAYS GRAND JURY
Partial Report Is
Made on Police
Scandal.
The Grand Jury made a partial re
port yesterday morning on Its investi
gations in the police scandal, and It
declares that "grcss corruption" ex
ists in Chinatown. The jury did not
enter Into particulars, but in a general
way it sets forth that it has much im
portant evidence going tc show that
the owners cf fantan games have paid
money for protection from police inter
ference.
The partial report was made because
It was feared that the Police Commis
sioners, before whom charires are
pending Involving a number of police
men, would go ahead last night with
the trial of Sergeant Ellis and by com
pelling the witnesses to testify reveal
the evidence that the public inquisitors
wish to have kept secret. .To have dis
closed it, the Jurors urged, would
make it impossible for tbem to go to
the bottom of the scandal as they hope
to do. The situation was presented to
Judge Lawior that he might also make
appeal to the commission and to
place the responsibility where it
would belong If the Grand Jury failed
to accomplish anything."
The report submitted by the Grand
Jury was that which had been made to
it by Chairman E. J. Bowes of the po
lice committee. This committee has
carried on all the probings and prowl
ings of Chinatown. The report recites
the history of the police investigation
from the beginning to the point where
it came virtually to a standstill about
three weeks ago. Its most salient para
graphs follow:
This committee has proceeded upon the as
sumption that Inasmuch as It was seeking to
expose the exact condition of affairs in tha
Police Department. Its activities would bo en
couraged and supported In every proper man
ner by the Police Board.
GROSS CORRUPTION EXISTS.
It may be repeated that to make a prema
ture disclosure of the evidence and Information
In the hands of this committee would not tend
toward the best results. The assurance la
hereby extended, however, that the committee
is in possession of evidence and Information
tending to establish the existence of a regu
larly organizd system of gross police corrup
tion In Chinatown; that the committee has in
Its possession bribe money which has actually
passed; that it has in its possession confes
sions of several police officials; that it has
evidence and information as to the exact
course pursued between the briber and the
bribed; that it has evidence and information as
to the specific amounts regularly paid, and
how such money was apportioned; and that it
has other valuable evidence and information.
While the committee does not deem it pru
dent to be more definite in its statement as to
the evidence and information before it, yet in
view of the apparently determined Intention to
proceed with the hearing of the said charires on
the evening of the 30th Inst, by the Board of
Police Commissioners, it is thought that this
much should at Isest be stated, so that if the
work of the Grand Jury be In any manner
crippled the responsibility may fall where It
belongs.
And while we are in possession of very Im
portant evidence and information, as already
indicated, such evidence and information does
at disclose the full extent to which the cor
ruption haa reached In official circles, and the
committee Is advised that In order to render
some of the evidence before It legally avail
able some additional corroborative proof is re
quired, and upon this phase of the matter the
committee Is at present engaged.
Now, in view of all this, the committee firm
ly believes that the prosecution of the formal
charges against these particular officers by
the Police Commissioners at this Juncture
might prove disastrous to the work thus far
accomplished, and In order to obviate any
such result It Is felt by the committee that
some action should be taken by this Grand
Jury aa a'body.
TO TAKE UP CORBIN MATTER.
The Grand Jury will meet this after
noon at 2 o'clock to make an Investiga
tion of the affairs of the Continental
Building and Loan Association, partic
ularly as to the reports that William
Corbin, secretary and manager of the
concern, has misappropriated large
sums of money.
"The charges that have been present
ed to the Legislature have been called
to our attention," said Foreman An
drews last evening, "and we have sub
penaed witnesses to learn whether
there Is any ground for criminal prose
\ cutlon. We shall go ahead independ
j ently of what occurs at Sacramento.
| We expect all the witnesses but Corbin
to be on hand, Including Dr. Washing
ton Dodge and Gavin McNab, who are
' officers of the association. The secre
tary is at the State capital and the sub
! pena could not be served on him.
"No. we shall not give any attention
l for the time being to the charges of
i bribery that were made against tbe leg
| islators to-day. There is an Impression
i abroad that It devolves on us to Indict
j Senators Bunkers and French If the
! evidence warrants such action because
| they are representatives from this city,
iWe have not looked into the matter at
| all as to the Grand Jury's jjrovlnce in
j the case, and anyway we should await
' developments before taking such a
! step."
•r r
Thompson, was reinstated. The find
ings of the Coroner's Jury, which ex
onerated the patrolman, were read.
A communication was received from
I Captain Duke giving the details of
| Sunday morning's affray in which he
was stabbed b" Michael Keefe.
Travel Talk.
Mr. Frederick W. Prince will talk ol
j"A Jaunt to Chicago"' at Y. M. C. A
Auditorium. Tuesday. January 31; admis
: sion twenty-five cents.
i There will be 200 magnificent stercop
] ticon slides; grand views of Yosemltfl and
1 beautiful pictures of the Grand Canyon
i of Arizona; interesting glimpses or Moki
j land and the snake dance. Tickets on
sale at office of Y. 11. C. A.. Mason and
I Ellis streets. •
FREIi LECTI-'itK.—Dr. S. Hunkln will de
i ll\er a.frefe lecture next Wednesday at th-:
I Kinanu-El Sisterhood Free Polyclinic, 12-15
• TVlsoni street. • His subject will be "Hit
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1905.
LAWYER ACH AVERS
RAID IS LAWLESS
Says Grand Jurors
Must Not Pose
as Reformers.
The defense of 620 Jackson street,
battling to defeat by legal means the |
police efforts to suppress the notorious
resorts, resolved itself yesterday Into
the eloquence of Henry Ach, attorney. '
Judge Hebbard heard him, morning
and afternoon, not without pertinent
and caustic interruption by the court
and the District Attorney, and at the
end of the oratory the hearing was
continued until to-morrow. This was
because Ach has another engagement
to-day to appear as friend of the court
in Judge Cook's hearing of the con
tempt proceedings against the editor
and proprietor of the Bulletin.
If Ach's argument, bolstered by three
score and ten authorities ranging from
United States Supreme Court opinions
uown to the theories of obscure law
writers, is sustained by the court then
the District Attorney, the Grand Jury
and the Chief of Police have been ex
ceeding their authority in raiding im
moral places without "process of law"
and there will be some damage suits
forthcoming. Ach's arguments and au
thorities were also the pegs upon which
Attorney Nagle, present in court, hung
his hopes of defeating a like proposl- ,
tion to give the police exclusive Juris
diction In Belden place.
While, by order of the Judge, a law |
pcint only was at issue, Ach allow T ed
his ready tongue to tattle personalities
about Distinct Attorney Byington and ,
Grand Jurors Andrews and Bowes, who j
followed his talk with apparent in- j
terest.
"Why they are merely citizens in
the capacity they have attempted to
exercise in this matter," said the law- i
yer, "and they are subject to suit for
damages."
PROMISES DAMAGE SUIT.
"Why don't you sue," retorted By
ington, with a tone of challenge.
"Oh, you'll be sued all right, with a
delightful sufficiency, and every mem
ber of the Grand Jury will be a party
defendant," responded Ach.
When the proceedings began in the
morning, Ach offered a score or more
of affidavits in behalf of his client, Se
bastian Ravani, keeper of the cigar
store at the entrance to 620 Jackson
street. One was the affidavit of the
restaurant keeper in the building, who
said that his trade had dropped off $40
a day since the beginning of police ac
tivity in the neighborhood and that he
"never asked his customers whether
they were typewriters or dishwashers
or followed some other profession." All
the affiants had something to say about
the acts of the police in intimidating
"customers" since the granting of the
preliminary Injunction.
Judge Hebbard declined to admit the
affidavits and announced that he would
close the evidence upon the motion to
dissolve the Injunction on the affidavits
originally submitted. This shut out the
oral evidence which Attorney Max
Kuhl said he would demand in behalf
of the Police Department. .
"I will further announce," said the
court, "that from a careful considera
tion of the affidavits I must find that
the premises about the cigar store are
used for purposes of prostitution. This
leaves the primary and ultimate issue
of the case dependent upon the law as
to the authority of the police, Grand
Jury, or any officer or citizen to go
upon the premises without the consent
of those who occupy them, peaceably,
or using force of arms and breaking
open doors and so entering and making
arrests without authority of law. It is
one thing to moralize upon these ques
tions; It is one thing to criticize courts
and Judges; it is another thing for the
courts and Judges to apply the U.w.
This is what this court will do."
RAIDS AND EXTORTION.
Hia limitations thus ordered, Ach be
gan. At first he read in full a New
York opinion on a like case which re
flected upon reformers and discussed at
length "so called raids as an efficient
means to effect extortion by the po
lice." When he had done Judge Heb
bard expressed the wish that he should
read no more of his authorities in full
merely cite them. In the course of his
multifarious citations Ach did lvell by
the court's instructions, barring his
| own digressions upon the conclusions
ito be drawn.
i When he reached a discussion of the
! statutory provision that a policeman
: has no right to arrest without warrant
! unless the offense is committed in his
1 presence, Mr. Byington interrupted
I him. Said the District Attorney "Are
i you willing to take an injunction pre
i venting the police from interfering with
i the cigar store, but permitting them to
: p"ass through and behind it into the
I building?"
j Scornfully Ravani's attorney meas
! ured the public's lawyer with his gaze.
I"I am not bargaining with trespassers
j and lawbreakers; I am seeking to pro
tect the plaintiffs in this case. The
Police Department commits these un
lawful acts and then asks counsel to
agree that it shall do the very things
complained of. This man's business is
almost ruined by the policemen, who
stand in front of his place and Intimi
date his customers by their mere pres
ence."
| Byington asked if Ach could honest
!ly say that the police had threatened
i Ravani's cigar store, and Ach replied
| that the matter was set out in twenty
three affidavits, and if Byington did not
. believe them he could have the affiants
I indicted for perjury. "I would have
I them indicted if they testified to those
, things upon the stand," said the Dis
' trlct Attorney, whereupon Ach vouched
for the truth of all the affidavits, say
HEEDS CLAMOR
OF THE PRESS
! Administration Orders Al
i terations in the Treaty
With Santo Domingo
| SEX ATE TO BE APPEASED
.
Changes Will Limit Re
sponsibility to Be Assumed
by the United States
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.—Instruc
i tions have been cabled to Dawson, the
| American Minister to San Domingo,
! looking to the amendment of the pro
' tocol signed in that city on January
| 21, providing for the administration of
' the customs of the island by the United
' States. The purposes of tbe changes
are to make perfectly clear, if possible,
j the limitations on the responsibility
assumed by the United States, from a
political point of view.
It is believed that the effect of the
amendment will be to make it accept
able to certain members of the United
j States Senate and newspapers of this
j country, which have deprecated any
: interference in the Internal affairs of
! the Dominican Republic as likely to
I involve the United States in future
! trouble with the nations of fhe world.
It is expected that the new protocol
will be ready for signature In a day or
two.
LIEUTENANT McDONALD'S
CASE GOES TO PRESIDENT
Belief That the Court-Martial Has
Sentenced, the Officer to
Dismissal.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.-—The rec
ord of the case of Second Lieutenant
Paul H. M. McDonald, Tenth Infan
try, has been received at the War De
partment. He was tried by court
martial at Fort Lawton, Wash., on
three charges covering about forty
specifications and involving serious in
fractions of the army regulations, in
cluding duplication of pay accounts,
failure to pay debts, breaking pledges
to abstain from drinking liquor and
financial irregularities In various parts
of the country. He is a native of Vir
ginia. The case is to be submitted to
the President for action and from this
it is assumed the officer was sentenced
to be dismissed.
New California Postmasters.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 30.—-Post
masters were appointed to-day as fol
lows for California: Arthur E. Paul
son, at Deadwood, Trinity County; R.
C. Graves, at Emerald Bay, El Dorado
Ccunty, C. W. Ross, at Lakeside, San
Diego County; Charles I. Dorn, at
Mcforpark; Mary Porter, at Papoose,
Trinity County.
* +
lng that they were made In his office at
night In the presence of and sighed by
each maker.
NO RIGHT TO INTERFERE.
Ach said the police or the Grand Jury
had no more right to interfere with his
client's cigar stand than they would
have to prevent a doctor or dentist who
sought such trade from establishing an
office there or to prevent their patients
from entering.
Concentrating his attention upon the
grand Jurors, Ach declaimed: "The*-- are
not the monitors of the citizens San
Francisco. The Grand Jury was not
impaneled to find out if an immoral re
sort was kept in one place or another,
and If it were It would be bound bv the
law. When the jurors are not In ses
sion at their meeting place to look after
matters in their province they are
merely common citizens. If one of them
dared enter my home or place of busi
ness, as they have in this case, he
would suffer the consequences person
ally to the utmost. The same applies
to the District Attorney; he is a public
servant employed to represent the peo
ple in certain places, and no person,
the District Attorney, the grand jurors,
magistrate or policeman, has the power
to enter the premises of any owner
against the owner's protest without
process of law."
Ach argued the question of illegal ar
rests'—the mere telling of a man to stop
or "move on," as applied to the acts
in front of the cigar store. Judge Heb
bard interrupted this discussion, and
said that the point to be decided was
w hether or not the police had authority
to enter any premises without a war
rant.
Byington declared that there was
no authority in equity jurisdiction to
prevent a police officer from making an
arrest, even though the arrest were il
legal. Judge Hebbard replied that he
and other Judges had decided that an
Injunction would He in such case?
where property rights were involved
and he did not propose to permit any
argument on the point. The District
Attorney, however, insisted that he had
had the right to ftrgue in the Supreme
Court that the- court's upon a
point in a murder case had been ill
advised and he thought he had the
same right to make a like showing in
j the Superior Court. "It seems to me."
he said, "that the people cannot be de
barred in any case fn>m citing their
; authorities. We should b<* permitted
! to make an argument to prove that
I you have been in error."
"SUPPOSE HE HAD KILLED."
Ach resumed. He referred to.'the "ar
' rogant and ofttin-.es brutal breaches of
j the law made by those employed to
! keep the peace, and in citing the case
of his other client. Edward Moran, a
male lodger at 620 Jackson street. Into
whose rooms the police effected an en
[ trance with sledge hammers," he said:
"Suppose he had killed Mr. Byington,
j or Mr. Andrews, cr the Chief of Po
| lice, who entered his apartments in
: this manner without any warrant for
his arrest and no demand fcr admlt
' tance in the name of the law. Is there
' a Magistrate in the community whi
would have held him for the homicide"?
If we can't get relief from this way ol
doing things by the police there is go
1 lng to be an Insurrection in this city.'
"We are ready to meet it," quoth
Byington.
i "Oh, you are pandering to the news
; papers," said Ach disdainfully.
"No. I'm pandering to the moral ele
! ment of this city." replied the Districl
i Attorney without heat.
Ach became more contemptuous
j "What dictionary of the law has en-
I larged your duties to those of a re
i former? You remind me of one Hut
! ton and the adage that 'He who lives
in glass houses should never throv\
j stones.' " Then the taunt and rejoindei
I about the damage suit came out anc
A( h proceeded to another lambasting
\ of the Grand Jury, in which he re
i ferred to "John Doe" Andrews anc
"Richard Roe" Bowes. He thoughl
| that he would have as much right tt
j stop a real estate agent from collecting
! rents on houses of ill-fame as th«
grand jurors had to stop the custom oi
his cigar dealer. If he were Chief ol
i Police he would have no more regarc
for the orders of Byington and An
drews than he would for those ol
Henry Ach.
GOVERNMENT MOST CONTROL
RAILWAYS, SAYS PRESIDENT
If Necessary He Will Advocate
Constitutional Amendment
to Make It Possible.
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 30—Presi- ,
dent Roosevelt was the guest of honor j
and principal speaker to-night at the
forty-second anniversary banquet of ]
the Union League. The President came |
to this city over the Pennsylvania road
front Annapolis, where he attended
the exercises this afternoon incident to
the graduation of the senior class of
cadets.
An immense throng greeted Roose
velt at the railroad station, and he re
ceived an ovation on his way to the
Union League Club. At the Clubhouse
he passed through two lines of cheer
ing members to the reception room,
where from 6:15 to 7 o'clock he stood
and shook hands with several hundred
prominent citizens.
The First Troop, Philadelphia City
Cavalry, acted as the President's es
cort while he remained in the city.
When President Roosevelt rose to
make his address he was greeted with
long continued applause. Then the en
thusiastic, assembly stood and sang
"The Star Spangled Banner," accom
panied by the First Regiment band.
President Roosevelt In his address
said:
LINCOLN AS A GUIDE.
"This club was founded tc uphold the
hands of Abraham Lincoln when he i
stood as the great leader In the struggle ;
for union and liberfy. We have a right j
therefore to appeal to this club for aid |
in every governmental or social effort |
made along the lines marked out by j
Lincoln. The great President' taught
many lessons which we who come after
him should learn. Among the most
important of these was the lesson that
for weal or for woe we are indissolubly
bound together, in whatever part of the
country we live, whatever our social
standing, whatever our wealth or our
poverty, whatever form of mental or
physical activity our life work may as
sume.
"Lincoln, who was, more emphatic
ally than any other President we have
ever had, the President of the plain
people, was yet as far removed as
Washington himself from the slightest ;
taint of demagogy. With his usual far- j
sighted clearness of vision he saw that
in a republic such as ours permanent
prosperity or any part of our people
was conditioned upon the prosperity of
all. and that, on the other hand, any
effort to raise the general level of hap
piness by striking at the well-being of
a portion of the people could not but be
In the end disastrous to all.
FEDERAL SUPERVISION.
"The principles which Lincoln applied
to the solution of the problems of his
day are those which we must apply if
we expect successfully to solve the dif
ferent problems of our own day—prob
lems which are so largely industrial.
"Unquestionably, however, the great
development of Industrialism means
that there must be an increase in the
supervision exercised by the Govern
ment over business enterprises. This
supervision should not take the form of i
violent and 111-advised Interference, and
assuredly there is danger lest it take ,
such fctrm if the business leaders of the
business community confine themselves
to trying to thwart the effort at regu
lation instead of guiding it aright. Such
men as the members of this club should !
lead In the effort to secure proper su- j
pervislon and regulation of corporate
activity by the Government, not only
because it is for the interest of the
community as a whole that there
should be this supervision and regula
tion, but because in the long run it will
be in ttye interest above all of the very
people who often betray alarm and
anger when the proposition is first
made.
STATE ACTION INADEQUATE.
"Neither this people nor any other
free people will permanently tolerate
the use of the vast power conferred by
vast wealth, and especially by
-wealth In its corporate form, without
hedging somewhere in the Government
the still higher power of seeing that
this power, in addition to being used
in the irterest of the individual or In
dividuals possessing it, is also used for
and not against the interests of the
people as a whole. Our pecuUar form
of government, a Government in which
the nation is sapreme throughout the
Union in certain respects, while each
of nearly half a hundred States is su
preme in its part of the Union in cer
tain other respects, renders the task
of dealing with these conditions es
pecially difficult. No finally satisfac
tory result can be expected from mere
ly State action. The action must come
through the Federal Government. The
business of the country is now carried |
on in a way of which the founders of j
our constitution could by no possibil'ty j
have any idea.
MAY AMEND CONSTITUTION.
"All great business concerns are en- I
gaged in interstate commerce, and it I
was beyond question the intention of !
the founders of our Government that
interstate commerce in all its branches
and aspects should be under national |
and not State control. If the courts I
dec ide that this intention was not car- j
ried out and made effective In the con- '
stitution as it now .stands, then in the ,
end the constitution, if not construed
difl'erenily. will have to be amended
so that the original undoubted inten- j
tion may be made effective. But, of !
course, a constitutional amendment is !
only to be used as a last resort, if
every effort of legislation and admin
istration shall have been proved In
adequate.
"Meanwhile the men in public life
and the men who direct the great busi
ness interests of the country should
work not in antagonism out in har
mony toward this given end. In en
tering a field where the progress must
of necessity be so largely experimental
it is essentia! that the effort to make
progress should be tentative and cau
tious. W«i must grow by evolution, not
by revolution. There must be no
hurry, but there must also be no halt:
and those who are anxious that there
should be no sudden and violent
changes must remember that precisely
these sudden and violent changes will
be rendered likely if we refuse to make
the needed changes in cautious and
moderate manner.
MIST#INCREASE POWER.
"At the present moment the greatest
need is for an increase in the power of
the national Government to keep the
great highways of commerce open alike
to all on reasonable and equitable
terms. Less than a century ago these
highways were still, as they had been
since the dawn of history, either wa
terways, natural or .artificial, or else
ordinary roads for wheel vehicles
drawn by animal power. The railroad,
which was utterly unknown when our
Government was formed and when the
great principles of our jurisprudence
were laid down, has now become al
most everywhere the most important,
and, in many large regions, the only
form of highway for commerce. The
man who controls its use can not be
permitted to control it in his own in
terest alone.
•'Every Important railroad is engaged
In interstate commerce. Therefore,
this control over the railroads must
pome through the national Govern
ment.
"The control must be exercised by
some governmental tribunal, and it
must be real and effective. Doubtless
there will be risk that occasionally, if
an unfit Piesident is elected, this con
trol will be abused; but this is only
another way of saying that any ade
quate governmental power, from the
power of taxation down, can and will
be abused if the wrong men get con
trol of It.
DETAILS FOR CONGRESS.
"The details must rest with the law
makers of the two houses of Congress,
but about the principle there can be no
doubt. Hasty or vindictive action
would merely work damage; but in
temperate, resolute fashion, there must
be lodged in some tribunal the power
over rates, and especially over rebates
—whether secured by means of private
cars, of private tracks, in the form of
damages, or commissions, or in any
other manner—which will protect alike
the railroad and the shipper and put
the big shipper and the little shipper
on an equal footing. Doubtless no law
would accomplish all that enthusiasts
hope; there Is always disappointment
over the results of such a law among
the over-sanguine, but very real and
marked good has come from the legis
lation and administration of the last
few years; and now, as part of a co
herent plan, it is entirely possible, an?l,
indeed, necessary, to enact an addi
tional law which will mean further
progress along the same lines of defi
nite achievement in the direction of
securing fair dealing as between man
and man.
"In some such body, as the Interstate
Commerce Commission tnere must be
lodged in effective shape the power to
see that every shipper who uses the
railroads and every man who owns or
manages a railroad shall on the one
hand be given justice and on the other
hand be required to do justice. Justice
—so far as it Is humanly possible to
give and to get justice—is the founda
tion of our Government. We are not
trying to strike down the rich man;
on the contrary, we will not tolerate
any attack upon his rights. We are
not trying to gfve an improper advan
tage to the poor man because he is
poor, to the man of small means be
cause he has not larger means; but we
are striving to see that the man of
small means, has exactly as good a
chance, so far as we can obtain it for
him, as the man of larger means: that
there shall be equality of opportunity
for the one as for the other.
"We do not intend that this republic
shall ever fail as Ahose republics of
olden time failed, inVhich there finally
came to be a government by classes,
which resulted either in the poor plun
dering the rich or in tne rich exploit
Ing and in one form or another en
| slaving the poor; for either event
i means the destruction of free institu
! tions and of individual liberty. Ours is
| not a Government which recognizes
t classes. It is based on the recognition
of the individual. We are not for the
I poor man as such, nor for the rich man
as such. We are for every man, rich
!or poor, provided he acts justly and
j fairly by his fellows, and if he so acts
the Government must do all it can to
see that inasmuch as he does no wrong,
so he shall suffer no wrong.
TALKS TO THE CADETS.
ANNAPOLIS, Jan. 30.—The Presi
dent delivered the commencement ad
dress to the graduating class of the
Naval Academy to-day. The exercises
were in the new armory, which was
well filled with the midshipmen, the
officers of the academy and their rela
tives and friends. Although speaking
directly to the graduating class of the
Naval Academy, the President spoke
to the nation, as well as to the mid
shipmen. Addressing the cadets as
"fellow midshipmen," the President
began by saying that he was unable
to see how a good American could fail
to be a better American by coming to
Annapolis and seeing what the navy
was and svhat it was soon to b?.
"More than any other people in the
country." he said, "except the men of
your sister service, you owe a peculiar
care for your interests to the repre
sentatives of the people.
NO DANGER OF MILITARISM.
"Of all'the baseless alarms in the
j country," the President said, "the cry
! about militarism was the most foolish
i and most baseless.
"No nation ie as free from the dan-
I ger of a grow th of militarism as we
; are, • ?ie added. ' The danger is lest
jwe do' not take sufficient thought to
J prepare our men and material. If this
; country Intends to do its duty on the
side of law and order, then it must
! sfe to it that it is able to make good
should the necessity arise.
"It is idle to talk of our faith in the
! Monroe doctrine if we are not able
;to make that faith evident. It is fool
ish to remain permanently in the Phil
ippines unless we provide a base of
military action for our fleets and army
should it be necessary to defend the
i Philippines in time of war. It is un
|||||jg 10% to 20%
REDUCTION ON
m CUT GLASS
As a closing of our successful DISCOUNT
SALE we have reduced articles in our CRYS
TAL ROOM 10 PER CENT and 20 PER
CENT, thus giving: our patrons a rare chance
to buy the best cut and Bohemian glassware at
reduced prices. j»i>j'J t J»J l J |
(^thanOohrmann^
1 122-132 SUTTER ST.
CLAIMS HEINZE
EVADES TRUTH
Boston and Montana Com
pany Charges the Copper
King With Prevarication
4y
NEW MOVE IN SUIT
Court Is Asked to Strike
From the Files His An
swer to the Complaint
BUTTE. Mont.. Jar. 30.—The suit of
the Boston and Montana Company
against F. Augustus Heinze and others
to recover $5,750,000, alleged to have
been unlawfully extracted from ore
veins belonging to the plaintiff com
pany, came up in Judge Boruln's court
to-day on an order to show cause why
the answer of defendant, F. Augustus
Heinze, should not be stricken from the
files.
The motion is made on the fact that,
in giving his deposition In the case be
fore Notary Public George H. Dougal.
the defendant failed to answer some
questions truthfully, while there was a
point blank refusal to answer other
questions, and the witness also failed
and refused, it is alleged, to produce
certain stope books and records of ore
extracted from the Minnie Healy mine.
Attorneys James M. Denny and
Charles Leonard appeared for Defend
ant Heinze to-day and presented ob
jections to the hearing of the order to
show cause and the motion to strike
the answer from the records In the
case. The hearing: was continued to
Wednesday.
LAYS CLAIM TO LAND
UNDER LAKE MICHIGAN
New Yorker Seeks Thirty Thousand
Acres, Most or Which Is
Under Water.
DETROIT, Jan. 30. —Specials to the
Tribune announce that Samuel Bidd
son of 42 Broadway, New York City,
has started a movement to determine
the ownership of certain lands in
Muskegon County, Mich., which lies
along the shores of Lake Michigan
and part of whlfjh has made its ap
pearance because of the receding of
the waters of the lake.
These shores have not been mean
dered by the United States engineers
for sixty-eight years and Biddson and
his wife have laid claim to 30.000
acres. They have, given a quitclaim
deed of this property to the United
States Mill and Lumber Company of
Washington, D. C, In order to bring
the question to an issue. The deed
was registered in Muskegon County.
A Muskegon correspondent of the
Tribune! however, estimates that of
the 30,000 acres claimed 100 acres
are made land and 29.900 acres under
water, some of which is 100 feet
deep.
CHASTISED IN PRISON
BY ORDER OF COURT
Overgrown Youth Who Was Hrutal to
His Mother Is Una shed With
a Piece of Hose.
CINCINNATI. Jan. 30.—Doubled
over a barrel in the eellroom of the
police station, Frank Bueker, aged 17.
was given a chastisement to-day by
Inspector Casey, who wielded a length
of rubber hose at the order of Judge
Lueders. A few minutes before Bue
ker, who is 6 feet 4 inches in height,
was arraigned before Judge Lueders
because he had not been helping his
mother, whom, she testified, he had
treated shamefully.
"Your actions are such that you
should be in the Juvenile Court, but
you are too big. What you need is a
'good thrashing," said the court.
Mrs. Mary Bueker, the mother,
thought the same, so Frank reluc
tantly started off to the cellroom to
get his whipping. He squirmed des
perately on the barrel as the Inspec
tor flayed him.
Installed Bishop of Helena.
HELENA, Mont., Jan. 30.—Right
Rev. John P. Carroll was formally In
stalled Bishop of Helena to-night.
For catalogues and general Job printing, see
Gabriel. 419 Sacramento street. San Francisco.*
necessary to assert our position as en
titled to the respect of other great na
tions unless we are willing to build
the ships, to build the guns and to train
the men who are to man the ships and
handle the g\tns if the need arises.
ADVICE TO THE MIDDIES.
"I earnestly hope that our foreign
policy shall be continued absolutely
without regard to change of adminis
tration or change of party, along the
lines of treating every foreign nation
with all possible respect, of avoiding
all provocation for war or trouble of
any kind, of taking every step possible
to minimize the chance of trouble oc
curring, and at the same time of tak
ing every step possible to see to it
tbat if by any chance any trouble does
occur we do not come out second best."
He then talked to the graduating
class, reminding them that one of their
great duties was "to see that your
shot hits."
At the conclusion of his address the
President presented to seven success
ful middies the swords and medals won
for proficiency in theoretical and prac
tical gunnery.
86
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
FANTAN PLAYERS
CROSS THE BAY.
A CHINESE PARKHURST
UNIVERSITY STUDENT MAKES CHARGES
BERKELEY, Jan. 30.—Sensational
allegations regarding the prevalence
of gambling in Berkeley, involv
ing the office of Marshal Kerns,
are contained in a report made to Jus
tice Edgar to-day by T. Y. Chang, a
Chinese student of the University of
California. Chang discovered ten days
ago that the Chinese gamblers who
have been under cover in San Fran
cisco had crossed the bay, some coming
to Alameda and some to Berkeley. He
decided to Investigate a la Parkhurst,
and alone made a tour of the gambling
houses in Berkeley last Saturday
night.
Chang reports that two fantan
games were found by him, each run
ning in full blast, with from ten to
twenty players at each game. He en
tered the gambling houses, which are
situated on Dwight way, between Ful
ton street and Shattuck avenue, with
out molestation, and for thirty min
utes watched the Orientals gathered
around the gambling board engage in
the fascinating game that the law for
bids to be played.
In the course of his investigations
Chang learned that the Chinese have
assured themselves that police inter
ference need not be expected. They
say the authorities have been "taken
care of" in the manner customary with
those seeking to procure immunity
from arrest. The student says he was
informed by a Chinese whose name he
does not know that Marshal Kerns has
been paid $20 a week to leave the gam
bling games alone.
MARSHAL DENIES CHARGE.
•This report Ib denounced by Marshal
Kerns as "the wildest, weirdest lie that
ever came from the lips of a white or
yellow man." Kerns is indignant that
In any way his name should be used by
gossiping Chinese and declares that he
will see that the gamblers get all the
"protection" they have paid for, ex
plaining that to-night deputy marshals
will be stationed at the doors of
the resorts visited by the young uni- 1
versity student and that fantan games !
In those places will be wiped complete
ly OUti
Marshal Kerns hints that his political
enemies have induced or Inspired the
Chinese student to stir up the matter
and visit the gambling dens, expecting
to use the result in the coming political
fight in Berkeley; in which the mar
shal's office is one of the plums to be
fought for.
'.T have a small force with which to
keep the peace In Berkeley, and yet I
think my record is an honorable one,
and that the department Is efficient,"
said Kerns to-day. "If there has been
fantan playing, it was done without
my knowledge, of course. Wherever I
hear of such work, you may be certain
that I will suppress it instantly. The
talk of my receiving money from Chin
ese for protection is absolutely foolish
and untrue."
Chang, who is a freshman student in
the college of agriculture, says he was
not Induced by any person to make his
investigations. He had heard of the
fantan gambling and to satisfy his
own curiosity decided to see what was
being done by his speculative country
men. Chang is about 23 years old, and
has been In California twenty years
He is intelligent, speaks English well
and announced that he was prepared to
SCOTTTS EMULSION.
A CREAMY FOOD
Scott's Emulsion is cod
AVer oil prepared as a food—
not a* food like bread or meat,
but more like cream; in fact,
it is the cream of cod liver
oil At the same time it is a
blood-maker, a nerve tonic
and a flesh-builder. But
principally it is food for tired
and weak digestions, for all
who are fat-starved and thin.
It is pleasant to take; children
like it and ask for more.
WeH tend you a sample, free
•COTT * KM***, P.«rf *re- N«w Ywt,
CHINESE STUDENT WHO HAS LO
CATED TWO FANTAN OAMES IN
BERKELEY.
go on the stand In court and tell what
he saw.
KNEW IT WAS FANTAN.
"The fantan games were running in
the building adjoining the laundry on
Dwight way, near Shattuck avenue,"
he said. "Ong Quin Olu was conduct
ing them, I was told. When I went in
they stopped for a minute. Inspected
me, and then proceeded, after asking
me what I wanted. I-qaid I wanted to
see the game. They thought I would
play, I guess. There were from twen
ty to thirty men in each place. Not
all gambled at the same time. I did
not engage in the game. I know it
was fantan, for I have seen the game
played in Chinatown in San Francisco.
There were no white men or boys at
these games In Berkeley. The players
were Chinese of the ordinary class. The
sums gambled for were from $1 to $5,
and the money changed hands pretty
rapidly."
Justice Edgar, to whom the univer
sity youth made his report, waa in
doubt what to do under the circum
stances and telephoned to District At
torney Allen for advice. The latter
suggested that a raid be made and the
gambling apparatus be secured, when
arrests were made.
Marshal Kerns consulted with Jus
tice Edgar and instead of preparing for
a raid said his men would be stationed
to-night at the gambling resorts on
Dwight way, to stop the games. Deputy
Marshal Howard is to be in charge of
the deputies commissioned to drive out
the fantan players.
LONGSHOREMAN FATALLY
INJURED IN ACCIDENT
Charles Anderson Is Hurled From
Wharf to Deck of Ship by
Falling Lumber. .
OAKLAND, Jan. 30.—Charles Ander
: son, a longshoreman, living in San
I Francisco and employed here, in un
i loading lumber at Long Wharf was
! knocked from the wharf to the deck of
I the ship on which he was at work to
j day through the breaking of a sling
of lumber. He received fatal injuries.
; Anderson was struck in the back and
fell a distance of ten feet, -striking on
I his head and shoulders. He, sustained
a fracture of the skull and his back and
: right ankle were broken,
j Anderson was removed to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where the surgeons found
that the lower part of bis body and his
legs were completely paralysed. He
j cannot recover. The injured man is a
native of Sweden and is about 40 years
of age.
ARGUMENTS BEGIN IN
CAMPBELL MURDER TRIAL
■ I
Lawyers Spend Yesterday In Discus
sion of Evidence and Expect to
Consume To-Day as Well.
OAKLAND, Jan. 30.—The arguments
in the Campbell murder trial were be
gun to-day. It is expected that the
matter will not be submitted to the
jury until Wednesday. The opening
talk was made to-day by Deputy Dis
trict Attorney T. W. Harris,, who con
sumed the forenoon and a part of the
afternoon in his speech.
Attorney A. L. Frick began his ar
gument for the defense this afternoon
and had not finished at adjournment
time. He will go on to-morrow morn
ing. At the conclusion of his talk the
case will be closed by District Attorney
Allen. The courtroom was crowded.
Church Debt Lifted.
OAKLAND, Jan. 30.—The entire
debt, $6000, of the First Methodist
Church has been # lifted through the
eftorts of Bishop John W. Hamilton
and the pastor, the Rev. E. R. Dille.
Much of the debt was incurred in mak
ing interior improvements to the edi
fice, and in purchasing a new pipe
organ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1905.
BOMBARDMENT
OF CIRCULARS
Oakland's Political Battle
Ends With a Contest of the
Types and Printers' Ink
FIGHTS IN MANY WARDS
All Kinds of Documents Are
Issued by the Partisans of
the Republican Factions
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• 1016 Broadway, Jan. 30.
On the eve of the general municipal
primaries for the city of- Oakland the
mails are overladen and messenger
boys are borne down with loads of cir
culars and literature from all sides.
The campaign just closing has been
one of letters and documents rather
than of newspaper work, and there has
been no end of both letters and docu
ments.
The last assault made to-day was
upon the stand E. Randolph
on the water question. Some days ago
Mr. Randolph issued a statement in
which he said: "I believe the Council
of the city was justified in submitting
to the voters their proposition to bond
the city for the acquisition of the Bay
Cities Water Company." To-night there
was issued a copy of the referendum
card that was sent by Mr. Randolph
to the general water committee when
that committee submitted the Bay Cit
ies proposition and the Niles cone prop
osition to the people. Mr. Randolph's
card declared that he was in favor of
neither proposition, and a photographic
copy of his signed card has been is
sued.
Another deal of circulars was made
by City Auditor A. H. Breed, who is a
candidate for re-election. He issued a
circular letter to-day to his friends in
the Fifth Ward asking them to sup
port the Mol ticket. This letter Is very
strong and declares positively for Mr.
Mott for Mayor. This letter has brought
a reply from Felton Taylor, present
City Treasurer, who seeks a renom
ination, in which Mr. Taylor resents
Mr. Breed's efforts in Mb ward, and
says that his delegatiorr has always
been pledged to Mr. Breed and he sees
no reason for Breed's trying to dictate
the affairs of the Fifth Ward.
While there is a bombardment of cir
culars in the Fifth Ward, there is also
another bombardment of the same kind
going on in the Seventh Ward. When
Councilman J. T. Wallace was ignored
on the "regular Republican ticket" of
that ward he turned into the camp of
R. H. Chamberlain, who seeks the Re
publican nomination for Mayor. A com
mittee of Seventh Ward citizens, com
posed of John Yule, Clinton Q. Dodge,
Charles E. Cornell and George H. Ma
son, issued a circular, In which they
said:. VX et because..Mx., Wallace would
not submit to being' dictated to by a
few politicians who claim to rule the
Seventh Ward, and who had nothing
but their own selfish interests to pro
mote, they have combined to # defeat
him for re-election."
This circular was answered to-night
by Supervisor H. D. Rowe In a state
ment declaring that J. T. Wallace is a
Democrat, and not a Republican, and
takes to task every man who signed
the Wallace circular with the exception
of John Yule, and says that they all
have some ax to grind and some po
litical place to seek.
Aside from these newly issued politi
cal circulars there has been no particu
lar change In the political situation as
announced in The Call this morning.
The fights are confined exclusively to
the Republican party. There are no
contests in the Municipal League or
among the Democrats or Socialists, and
there will be hardly a handful of votes
cast by these parties. The issues are
all joined, and only the casting of the
ballots to-morrow remains.
DEATH CALLS PIONEER
RESIDENT OF OAKLAND
Mrs. Marie Justine Emc, Early Sub
scriber to The Call, in Ala
' meda County, Dies.
OAKLAND, Jan. 30.—Mrs. Marie Jus
tine Erne, one of the oldest and best
known of the pioneer residents of Oak
land, died yesterday at her home, 861
Kirkham street, at the age of 82 years.
Mrs. Erne and her husband crossed
the plains with an ox team in 1853 and
settled in Jacksonville, Or. In 1866 she
came to this city, where she has since
lived.
Mrs. Erne was one of the earliest
subscribers to the San Francisco Call
on the eastern shore of the bay, having
first ordered the paper more than thirty
years ago. She had been a continuous
subscriber ever since.
The deceased was a native of Ohio
and leaves two children, Charles Ernest
Erne and Mrs. Clarisse Braun. Ar
rangements for the funeral have not
yet been completed.
Union Men at Dinner.
OAKLAND, Jan. 30.—The Central
Labor Council of Alameda County held
a reunion and dinner at the head
. quarters of the Cooks' and Walters'
Lnion, Saturday evening. C. W. Petry,
president of the council, welcomed the
guests, and addresses were made by
the following well known labor lead
ers: "Co-operation," C. E. Schmidt,
first vice president A. M. C. and B. W.
of N.-A.; "State Federation," Harry
Knox, president California State Fed
eration of Labor; "The Union Label,"
J. O. Walsh, president San Francisco
Labor Council; "The Achievements of
Organized Labor," R. Cornelius, Inter
national Exchange officer, A. A. of S.
R. F.; "The Future of Unionism," G.
T3. Benham.
Drops Dead in His Home.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 30.—Edwin Bell
dropped dead in the parlor of his
home, 3287 Central avenue, last night
while his wife was brewing him a cup
of tea. Bell complained that he felt
cold and his spouse went into the
kitchen to prepare a hot drink for
him. When she returned to the par
lor she discovered the lifeless form of
her husband lying on a lounge. Bell
succumbed to heart disease. He was
64 years of age and was employed by
a San Francisco i tea house.
Heirs Want Property.
OAKLAND, Jan. 30.— A com
promise has been reached between the
heirs of the Thomas Varney estate
and as soon as they can merge their
interests into what is to be known as
the Varney Estate Company it is pro
posed to pay off the legatees under
the will of the late Livermore banker
and have the property distributed.
The heirs of the late Robert Varney
obtained permission to-day from the
court to merge. their interests.
JOHN AMPUERO'S OLD
NEMESIS PERSISTS
Woman Says She Is His Wife
Proclaiming Her Relationship, She Does
All in Her Power to Annoy Him.
OAKLAND, Jan. 30.—John Ampuero,
an engineer, is haunted by a Nemesis
in the person of Mrs. Kjerstine Jacob
son, who asserts her claim to wifehood
with Ampuero aa her lawful spouse,
despite the fact that there Is a wife
No. 2 concerned. Mrs. Jacobson's pur
suit has been over a stony path, lead
ing several times into the arms of the
police. So insistent has the woman
been in her dogged demands for recog
nition that she has persuaded wife No.
2 to bring a suit to annul the second
marriage. But this is only incidental
to the latest chapter in the Ampuero-
Jacobson tangle matrimonial.
Mrs. Jacobson met with a temporary
setback to-day in her quest, after she
had procured Ampuero's arrest on. a
charge of battery. According to the
*
BIG HOSPITAL
TO BE BUILT
Trustees of Fund Left by the
Late Catherine Garcelon
Get Leave to Go Ahead
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 30.
Permission was granted to-day by
Judge S. P. Hall to the trustees of the
Samuel Merritt Hospital fund to
begin work on the big enter
prise provided for by the will of
the late Catherine Garcelon, who be
queathed property worth $750,000 for
the erection of a free hospital for In
curables. Owing to complications and
the fact that much of the property left
by the deceased is real estate not read
ily disposed of, the project for which
the means were left has been delayed
since 1891.
In a showing made before the court
this morning Trustees Dr. Peter L.
Wheeler, Dr. A. J. Russell and Willfam
B. Bosley said that these difficulties In
the way of beginning the great work
would not be removed in many years,
as much of the realty was valuable as
reslde|kre property only, and would
have* TO await customers in order to
get its market value. They therefore
believe it was expedient to begin the
work by the erection of one ward to be
followed by three others as the money
comes in.
By the provision of the will the trus
tees must keep 1800,000 on hand as a
perpetual fund for the malntena. "»e of
the hospital. They now have money
and property to the value of over $600,
--000 and purpose to expend nearly $100,
--000 in beginning the buildings, which,
it is calculated, will cost $250,000 when
complete. There was no opposition to
the petition of the trustees, the State
being represented by Deputy Attorney
General R. C. Van Fleet, and the for
mal order was made forthwith. It is
stated that by early sprang active work
in the erection of the first buildings
will be under way.
CAESAR YOUNG'S WIDOW
TO ADMINISTER ESTATE
Appears in Court and Obtains Letters
on Property Consisting of Race
Track Stock.
OAKLAND, Jan. 30.—Mrs. Frank T.
Young, widow of the late "Caesar"
Young, the well-known bookmaker,
with whose murder Nan Randolph, a
chorus girl, is now charged in New
York Cfty, appeared here in court to
day and obtained letters of administra
tion on her deceased husband's estate.
She was In deep mourning, and testi
fied that her husband's estate in this
county was worth about $9000 and con
sists of shares in the California Jockey
Club. It is not known what the whole
estate is valued at, but It is believed
that Young had lost considerable of the
fortune he was supposed to have had
and squandered a large share of It.
Galicia Scents Danger.
Felipe Galicia, Consul General at
this . port for Guatemala, informed
Customs Collector Stratton yesterday
that he had been warned that foes of
his government were plotting to ship
arms and munitions of war from this
pert to Tonala, Salina Cruz and San
Benito, Mrxico, from which points it
was intended to reship them across the
Mexican border for the use of revolu
tionists in Guatemala. Collector Strat
ton replied that while he was not au
thorized to prevent shipments of mu
nitions of war to private parties in
Mexico, he would take pleasure in in
forming Consul General Galicia should
any such shipments come to his
knowledge.
Mrs. Libbey's Funeral.
United States District Judge de
Haven yesterday adjourned his court
until 2 o'clock this afternoon out of
respect to the memory of Mrs. Alice
Libbey, daughter of United States
Marshal John H. Shine, who died un
expectedly last Saturday night. Mrs.
L'bbey was married only two months
ago. The funeral will take place at
9:30 a. m. to-day from St. Dominic's
Church, where a requiem high mass
will be said for the repose of her soul.
The remains will be Interred in Holy
Cross Cemetery.
Will Speak at St. Paul's.
OAKLAND, Jan. 30—Isabel H.
Raymond, the superintendent of the
Children's Agency of San Francisco,
will speak at 2 p. m. to-morrow at St.
Paul's Church. The meeting is to be
held under the auspices of the Asso
ciated Charities of Oakland, and an
address will be made by Miss Kather
ine B. Felton. The Children's Agency
was organized In San Francisco a year
ago for the purpose of securing homes
for orphans and unprotected children.
UNGER HELD TO ANSWER. —Cress Unger
was held to answer before the United States
Grand Jury yesterday by Commissioner Hea
cock on charges of stealing $55 from the
Government while acting as seizure clerk in
the Custom-house. His former bond of $5000
was renewed. The accused waived examina
t'on.
UNITARIAN CLUB ENTERTAINMENT —
Alameda. Jan. ,*:o.— -, ln the Steps of Coro
nado," a lecture treating of the Pueblo Indians
"of New Mexico, will be given before the Uni
tarian Club Wednesday evening by Professor
Frederic L. Monsen. It will be illustrated with
stereoptlcon views.
much-followed man his pursuer creat
ed a great disturbance Saturday night
at his place of employment because he
refused to accede to her demands for
money. In the stress of the discussion
Mrs. Jacobson was gently but firmly
escorted from the premises. Imme
diately she retaliated by calling the
police. This morning Ampuero and
Mrs. Jacobson, with witnesses, ap
peared before Prosecuting Attorney
Leach. Investigation ended in the
prosecuting officer's refusing to issue a
complaint against the man. On that
showing .the # charge against him was
dismissed.
Mrs. Jacobson declares she wedded
Ampuero by contract six years ago at
Pleasanton. Wife No. 2, Mrs. Bessie
Ampuero, became his wife in San
Francisco some time afterward.
LOWEST BIDDER
GETS THE WORK
Beard of Education Decides
in Favor of Concrete for
' School House Foundations
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 30.
The Board of Education to-night let
the contract for building the founda
tion of the Market-street schoolhouse
to the firm of Hillhouse & Reardon for
$1692. The work is to be made of con
crete. This puts a stop to a discussion
of the merit of brick vs. concrete as
the best material for foundations, at
any rate so far as this school Is con
cerned. The other bidders were: F H
Barnes, $3649; Lindgren & Hicks Com
pany, $2700; George Goodman, $2463- F
H. Dahnke, $2644; D. E. Brown. $2045.
F. H. Barnes put in the only bid for
a brick foundation to cost $4013.
In the work of erecting a number of
schoolhouses under the recent Issue of
$960,000 worth of school bonds, the
Board of Education has been con
fronted with a dispute among con
tractors, some of whom favor the use
of brick and others concrete. The dis
cussion has been waged several
evenings before the board, *Jut to-night
the conclusion wag pretty generally
arrived at that under ground the con
crete is the best.
JUDGE LAWLOR IMPOSES
SENTENCE ON PRISONERS
One of Them Said to Belong to the
Notorious Bellboys' Association
of New York.
Four prisoners were sentenced by
Judge Lawlor yesterday. Frances
Delphine Vollmer, alias Forsyth, con
victed of manslaughter, was sentenced
to serve five years in San Quentin. She
shot and killed Am. Noda, proprietor
of a shooting gallery on Kearny street
near Washington, on October 18.
G. H. Lackman and Raymond W.
McKnight, convicted of burglary, were
sentenced, the former to serve seven
years in Folsom penitentiary and the
latter three years In Folsom. Mc-
Knight broke into Henry Snowbelt's
cigar store at 125 Third street on Oc
tober 27 and Lackman entered the
rooms of Joseph T. Wharton, 75 Third
street, on November 29 and those of
J. B. McCarter, 156 Fourth street on
November 23. The police say that
Lackman belongs to the association of
bellboys formed in New York with the
object of plundering guests in hotels.
He could not get a job as a bellboy
here and started in to steal from
rooms in lodging-houses.
S. W. Vulicevich, who pleaded guilty
to two charges of forgery, was sen
tenced to serve three years in San
Quentin on each charge, the sentences
to run concurrently. On November 4
he forged the name of Judge J. M.
Trqutt to two checks for $2 50 each
and passed them on E. O. Wilkens, a
saloon-keeper.
Clever Amateurs to Meet.
OAKLAND, Jan. 30.—The West
Oakland Athletic Club will give its
next monthly amateur boxing show on
Friday evening. February 17, and the
club matchmaker has arranged with
some good men for the events. The
complete card is as follows: Kid
Franks, Eureka Club, vs. F. Perry,
Oakland, 1215 pounds. Young Gafnley,
West Oakland Club, vs. J. Nealon, San
Francisco Club, 110 pounds. "Bat
tling" Murphy, Oakland, vs. Kid John
son, Oakland Wheelmen, 130 pounds.
C. Cleary, Acme Club, vs. Loren
Brown, Hayes Valley Club. 125 pounds.
Main event: George Brown, West Oak
land Club, vs. Jack Bonner, Haw
thorne Club, 150 pounds.
Stuffers' Cases Continued.
The case of Adolph Steffens charged '
with fraudulently voting at the last f
primary election was on Judge Law
lor's calendar for trial yesterday.
The District Attorney asked for a fur
ther continuance till February 6, as
Detective Taylor, an Important witness,
was absent In Minneapolis. The con
tinuance was granted, the defendant's
attorney objecting. The argument on
the motion for a new trial In the case
of Charles Wyman, convicted of vot- I
ing fraudulently at the primary elec- '
tion, was continued till this morning, I
as Attorney Countryman was unable to |
be present. <
Teamster Injured by a Fall.
Charles Campbell, a teamster, 173 {
Clementina street, received serious in- i
juries yesterday by being thrown from |
his seat on a wagon at the crossing j
of Fourth and Berry streets. The ac- ■
cldent occurred by the off forward
wheel dropping into a rut. This
threw him off the wagon. His spine,
head and body were severely injured
and he was treated at the Central
Emergency Hospital.
Cooks and Waiters Silent.
OAKLAND, Jan. 30.—The Cooks'
and Waiters' Union has not yet taken
any action regarding; the declaration of
the "open shop" by the Restaurant
Keepers' Association. An officer of the
union said to-day that until some move
was made by the owners, nothing
would be done by the union.
FAMILY WILL
NOT PAY BILLS
Though Wealthy None of the
Kin of Aged Woman Fed
by County Will Help Her
BROTHER MAKES EXCUSE
Soys That It Is the Duty of
Her Daughter and Grand
children, Who Have Means
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 30.
Money and plenty of it there is in
the family of Mrs. Lucretla Varella,
now a public charge at the County In
firmary, but none of it seemingly is
forthcoming fo:- the benefit and com
fort of the aged and decrepit old wo
man, with senility advancing upon her.
At the last meeting of the Board of
Supervisors instructions were given to
send a communication to her brother,
P. Marsicano, a reputed San Francisco
millionaire, and to-day the following
answer was received:
John P. Cook Esq., County Clerk, Oakland-
Dear Sir: In reply to your communication to
Mr. Marsicano of the 25th inst. we are re
quested by him to advise you that Mrs. Lu
cretla, Varsella has a daughter living in Oak
land; i Mrs. F. VareHa Bocca, at 812 Myrtle
street. They own the place wherein they live
and also property in San Francisco worth
$26,000.
In addition Mrs. Varella has a son-in-law
in Oakland. Vlncenzlo Bocca. She also has
three grandchildren, whom she raised, all of
whom are well able to support her. They are
Mrs. R. Manlni, who lives on Vallejo street,
between Powell and Stockton. San Francisco,
and her two brothers, one of whom is a mu
sician and the other, F. Panell, has a tailor
ing shop on Montgomery avenue, between
Vallejo street and Broadway, San Francisco.
Mr. P. Marsicano feels that the daughter and
grandchildren of Mrs. \*Tella should provide
her support. Yours truly,
NAPHTALY. FRIEDENRICH & ACKERMAN.
The Supervisors are determined that
where there is so much wealth the
county shall not be called upon to take
care of patients free of cost, and they
propose to pursue the investigation and
make those amenable to the law pay
for her.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
NEW CLERK NAMED.—Oakland, Jan. 30.
George A. Cash was appointed Indigent Clerk
to-day by the Board of Supervisors to suc
ceed J. R. Blacow. who has resigned to take
a position In the Bank of Alvarado.
WOMAN DOCTOR PAYS FlNE.—Oakland.
Jan. 30.—Mrs. Dr. A. D. Howe paid a fine of
$300 In the Police Court to-day, her convic
tion of practicing medicine without a license
having been upheld by the Superior Court.
will, PAVE SAN PABLO AVENUE —Oak-
land, Jan/ 30.—A bitumen pavement laid upon
pa f ■ nt brick will shortly be put down on San
Pa' 'o avenue, between Fourteenth and Twen
tieth streets.. This Is the first move toward
repairing of the thoroughfare to the city
limits.
ST. PATRICK'S ALLIANCE.—OakIand, Jan
30.—The State Council of St. Patrick's Alliance
of America will hold Its annual convention in
California Hall, Clay street, near Tenth, on
Thursday at 2 p. m. There will also be an
evening session.
MARTIN DUNN'S ESTATE.—Oakland Jan.
30.—An Inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late Martin M. Dunn, filed with
the County Clerk to-day, shows his estate to
be valued at $167,925. With the exception of
a few hundred dollars' worth of personal prop
erty, the estate consists entirely of realty.
WANTS PAT FOR FlNGEßS.—Oakland,
Jan. 30.—The trial of a damage suit brought
by Clarence Whitaker against the California
Door Company for $10,000 for the lose of two
fingers and the crippling of his band was begun
to-day. He alleges that without instruction
he was put to work on a dangerous machine.
LECTURE ON EDUCATION. — Alameda,
Jan. 30.—Professor C. E. Moore of the Univer
sity of California lectured on "The New and
Old Education" In AssemDTy Hall of the Ala
meda High School to-night under the auspices
of the Teachers' Club. Previous to the dis
course Raymond Gott rendered a violin solo.
BOTH WOULD ADMINISTER.—OakIand.
Jan. 30.—The petition of Daniel J. Donovan to
be appointed administrator of the estate of
the late Margaret Dunn, who died at the
County Infirmary, leaving an estate valued at
$5500, is to be contested by Public Administra
tor George Gray, who denies Donovan's claim
to be a son of the old woman.
WOULD BE PARTED.—Oakland, Jan. 30.—
Alleging that his wife has deserted him, C.
F. Lee has brought an action of divorce against
Ella Lee. to whom he waa married at Los
Angeles In 1886. Louis Corte was granted a
final decree of divorce from Minnie Corte to
day on the ground of infidelity. He was also
awarded the custody of the three minor chil
dren.
MARRIAGE llCENßES.—Oakland. Jan 30.
The following marriage licenses were issued
by the County Clerk to-day: Edwin C. Wood
over 21. San Francisco, and Mabel A. Taylor!
over 18. Berkeley; Edward D. Ralston, 45 and
Maggie C. Rose, $40, both 0 f Oakland; Oscar
J. Teal, 28, Colusa, and Phoebe Walker, 27.
San Francisco; Charles H. Royee. over 21 ',
and Lelah A. Spalding, over 18. both of San
Francisco; FJlck D. Park, 36. and Susan C
Weggener, 36, both of San Francisco; Antone
P. Souza. 23, and Mary Amaral 19, both of
Haywards; Charlea J. Schilling, over 21 and
Amelia Wrede, over 18. bot': of Haywards
Charged With Burglary.
Herbert Williams, 26 years of age,
who says he is a bellboy, was arrested
yesterday afternoon by Policeman
Uhte on a. charge of burglary. Wil
liams called at a hotel at 217 Leaven
worth street twice yesterday, saying
he wanted to see the bellboys. His re
quest each time was refused. Later
he was discovered in the basement try
ing- to break open trunks with an ax.
He fought Uhte all the way to the
City Prison and in the prison he was
so violent that It took three officers
to overpower him.
Santa Fe to Improve Road.
TOPEKA, Kan.. Jan. 30.—General
Manager Mudge of the Santa Fe an
nounced to-day that the road would
spend $3,000,000 In Kansas Improve
ments, this year.
RVDOLFUS MISSING. —A. W. Rudolfus, a
laborer, residing at Fourth and Clementina
streets, was reported to the Coroner yesterday
as having been missing since January 22. He
had threatened suicide.
COOK BOOKS FOR CALL READERS
Cut out this coupon and mail to CALL office with your
remittance of 50 cents to pay cost of book, and if you are an
out-of-town subscriber send 35 cents additional to prepay ex
pressage.
NAME I
ADDRESS v
THE CALL'S TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK
BOOK is the best cook book on the market. Only CALL
readers are entitled to this premium rate.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephona Main x loß3.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street-.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
14*1$ Park Street.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
V. Alameda County.
MONDAY. JANUARY 30.
H. 11. Seawtll (single) to M. J. Laymanc-.
lot on E line of Broadway, 50 N of Eleventh
street, N 25 by E 100, lot 3 and part of l a
28, block 150. Kellersberger's map (recorded
January 28. Ilt05). Oakland; $10.
Mollie C. Robinson (widow) to same, lot on
E corner of East Fourteenth street and Thir
teenth avenue, si: 181:24. NX (M right angle
to East Fourteenth street to intersection with
line parallel with and 150 SW of East Fif
teenth street, UVnce NW to SE line of Thir
teenth avL-r.uo, HW 1 ;v i . to beginning; block
«4. Clinton (recorded January 28, 1905), Eaat
Oakland; gift.
D. B. and Mattie Parker (wife) to same, lot
on NW line of Tenth avenue, 86 SW of East
Twenty-second street. SW 65 by NW 150, lot
9 and portion of lot 8, block 131 A, map Brenan
Estate property, etc. (recorded January 28,
1905), East Oakland; $10.
George W. Austin (single) to William T.
Harris, lot 5. block 6, amended map of portion
of La Lomt Park and Wheeler Tract, Oak
land; $10.
Nelson H. and Mathilda L. M. Townsend
(wife) to Frank 1. and Sarah J. Hulse. lot on
E line of Vicente street, 131.25 N of Miranda.
N 62.50, E 150, lots 61 and 65, blocks G snd
I of Vicente Peralta Reservation Tract, Tem
escal. Oakland; $10.
Marie Erne (widow) to Ernest Erne, lot on
S line of Eighth street at E point of land con
voyed by Claude Erne to Marie E. Martin and
now of Gaslna M. Kornaren's, E 108. S 100.
W parallel with Eighth street to land con
veyed and described as above. If lot) to be
ginning, block 367, Whitcher's map, Oakland;
gift.
Same to Clarissa Braun (wife of C. H. F ),
lot beginning at point on E line of land for
merly conveyed by Claude Erne as above. 100
from S line' of Eighth street, S 20, W 35.
S 51:9 E 85:10. S 125, E 61. N 196. W to be
ginning, block 367, same map. Oakland; gift.
Thomas W. and Amy A. Corder to Grayson
Owen Company (a corporation), lot beginning
at point on W line of Bay street, map of Max
well Tract at Intersection with S line of lot
10. in section 15, Township 1 S, R 4 W. sal*
map 11, salt marsh and tide lands. Contra
Costa and Alameda counties, thence along S
line of lot 10, W 13.75 chains to SW corner
lot 10, S 330 feet, E 13.76 chains, N 330 feet,
being N 330 feet, lot 11, In section 15, Town
ship 1 S, R 4 W. salt marsh and tide lands,
Emeryville. Oakland Township; also all those
portions lots 31 to 33, Mock 3, lots 80 to 82.
block 4. lots 132 to 134. block 9, lying Wot
right of way of Northwestern Railway, known
as Southern Pacific Company, all those por
tions lots 131 to 134, block 9. lying E of said
right of way or W of sail railway, etc., and all
lot 130. block 9, Maxwell Tract. Oakland Town
ship: $10.
Annie and L.us Coor W (husband) to William
H. Mackinnon, tot 4 block B. map 3. Rob
ert and Wolfskin Tract, Oakland; also lot
I, block F. same map, Oakland; $10.
Jf*» P. and Mary Perry (wife) to Manuel C.
de Ollvelra (single) lot on S line of Third
street. 100 E of Lewis. E 25 by S 100, lot 5.
block J, Bay View Homestead, and adjoining
property north. Oakland; $10.
Mission Home and Loan Association to Km
ilie Knauth (wife of Carl William), lot on W
line of Newbury street. 100 N of Ashby ave
nue. N 40 by W 150. lot 9. block A, Adeline
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
H. P. (or Herbert P.) Blanchard (single)
and Mabel B. and Charles A. Swlsler (hus
band) to Charles M. MacGregor, lot on SW
corner Falrvlew avenue and King street a
150:6 by W 120, lots 7 and 8. Regent-street
Homestead Tract,' Lorln, Berkeley; $10.
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company,
guardian estate of Helen T.. Chauncey P,
and Edith A. Hume (minors), to Sarah H. R.
Hurr.e. all Interest in lot on NE corner Dwlght
way and Tremont (Milvia) street, E 334.7. N
270 W 304.45 8 270.81, block 4, Barkers
Tract, portion plat 08, etc., Berkeley: $4506.
Sarah H. R. or Bes9ie Hume to Jennie A.
Everts, same, Berkeley; $ .
Frank O. Sundquist to Vlncenzo and Ange
lina Sorrentlno (wife), W 20 feet of lot 24.
E 20 feet of lot 25, in subdivision A of Fruit
vale Terminal Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
George B. and Emma M. Mowry to William
J. Newman, lot on SW corner Railroad ave
nue and Morton street, S 150, W 150, N 50,
E 60. N 100. E 100 fo beginning. Alameda; $1'».
George and Carrie R. Sterling to thp Realty
Syndicate (a corporation), lot on NE corner
iof Forty-fifth and Linden streets.: E 90 by N
|50 lot 1, block 2107, Alden Tract at Temescal,
Oakland; $10.
Same to same, lot on SE corner of Linden
| and Forty-fifth streets. S 50 by E 90, lot 4.
block 2104, same map. Oakland; $10.
Richard J. Montgomery (single) to same, lot
!on NE corner of Linden and Forty-second
' streets, N 100 by E 140, lots 1. 2 and 30, block
I 2094. same. Oakland; $10.
George and Carrie R. Sterling to same, lot
ion N line of Forty-fifth street, 90 E of Lin
j den, E 50 by N 50. portion lot 28, block 2107.
same mar. Oakland; $10.
Alden McElrath (by James B. Barber, Tax
, Collector) to W. Oliver Scott, lots 1, 2 and 32,
! block 2103, Oakland: $126.
j W. Oliver Scott (single) to James Curley,
lot on NE corner of Market and Forty-fourth
streets, N 100 by E f4O, lots t, 2 and 82, block
2108, Alden Tract at Temescal, Oakland: $10.
O. L. and May B. Ingels (wife) to A. I*
Kreiss, lot on NE line of Santa Clara avenue.
165.12 E from SE line of Oakland avenue. SFJ
41.90, NE 166.46. NW 40, SW 179.02. lot 6.
Santa Clara-avenue property, Oakland': $ .
Violet A. and A. I* Krels* (husband) to H.
Clay Davis, same, Oakland; $10.
Michael and Catherine A. McCann to Mar
garet Hutchinson (widow), lot 42. block 477,
! map 2, Briggs Tract. Oakland, quitclaim deed:
\ $6.
! San Francisco Savings Union to Emma Hen
ry Anna Scbultz (wife of John), lots 30 and
, 31, block 2, mop 2. Blasdel Tract. East Oak
i land Heights. Brooklyn Township: $10.
j Wallace D. (or W. D.) and Laura E. Pink.
I ston (wife) to same, lot on NW line of Orange
I avenue, 214 SW of East Twenty-sixth street,
SW 100 by NW 160. lots 27 and 28. block 2.
same map. Ea«t Oakland: $10. f.
J. W. and Emma Umphred (wife) to F. M.
i Umphred undivided one-third of lot beginning
lat point 2934 W from W ltne of San Pablo
avenue and 125 N from N line of Park avenue,
N 200, W 60, S 200. E 110. portion plat «.
Kellersberger's map of Rancho V. and D. Pe
ralta, Emeryville. Oakland Township; $10.
Minnie Cy and Ernst C. Nlchaus to Emma
'T. Sheridan, lot on W line of Calais street.
100 8 of Harmon. W 100 by S 35. being 8 $3
xSO of lot 21 and lot 2*2. block B, etc., Hai -
mon Tract, map subdivision SW portion plat
63. Peralta Ranch, Berkeley: $10.
Same to same, lot on S line of Harmon
street, 150 W of Calata. W 50 by S 135, lot 19.
block B, same, Berkeley; $10.
James A. and Ada A. Plnkerton to Carl
Bergfrled. lot on N line of Berryman (Oilman)
street, 60 E of Louira, E 45 by N 115. portion
lot 10. bloctc 15. map of property of Berkeley
Villa Association, etc., Berkeley; $10.
Bridget H. and Edward M. Thompson to
Joseph T. Hinch. lot on N line of Essex street.
390 W of Shattuck avenue, W 50 by N 60.
block K. map A of portion at Newbury Traot
In plat 51 Peralta Rancho. Berkeley; $10.
John M. and Nannie McArthur Clark (wife)
to Charles Wiehmann. lot on E line of Fulton
street 101.65 S of Ashby avenue. E 100 by S
33.88. portion of lots 1 and 2. block B, map of
part of Woolsey Traot. Berkeley; $10,
Same to B. F. Brunk, lot on SE corner ef
Ashby avenue and Fulton street. X 100 by a
33 99 portion of lots 1 and 2. block B, same,
Berkeley: $10.
Sam • to Hugh W. Brunk. lot on E line of
Fulton street, 33.59 S of Ashby avenue. E 100
by 8 67.76. portion of lots 1 and 2, blodk B.
same, Berkeley; $10.QUOTES FROM
MOTHER GOOSE
Mrs. Genevieve Parkhurst
Says Her Father Was Like
Girl in Nursery Rhyme
IS QUICK AT REPARTEE
Witness Has Sharp Answers
for Questions Propounded
by Attorney D. M. Delmas
"My father was like the litttle girl
who had a little curl way down in
the middle of her forehead. When he
was good he was very, very good, but
when he was bad he was horrid."
This parody, chanted in the tone of
a kindergarten teacher, was given by
Mrs. Genevieve Parkhurst yesterday
in Judge Kerrigan's court in reply to
Attorney Delmas' question, "Was your
father a good father to-you?"
The reply disconcerted the urbane
and self-possessed attorney.
"Was he a good father to you or
not?" persisted Delmas.
"Well, he always gave us enough to
eat," replied the witness, "but he was
not the sort of father I should want
my little girl to have. I don't think
he was a good father."
Mrs. Parkhurst's indignation was
raised when Deimas thus questioned
her concerning her marriage: "You
were married in January by a Justice
of the Peace and In August there was
a second ceremony performed by a
Catholic priest, was there not?"
"If you want to know anything
about my marriage, write to my hus
band in Honolulu," retorted the wit
ness quickly.
But Delmas persisted and Mrs.
Parkhurst admitted that such was the
case.
In a graphic manner the daughfr
described an incident tending to prove
that Yoell was insane. He was swear
ing at Mrs. Yoell, the second wife, de
clared Mrs. Parkhurst. The daugh
ter turned on him suddenly, saying,
"Don't you dare talk about my mother
that way."
"Then," declared Mrs. Parkhurst.
Hp came at me. crying that he would
• hoke me and cut my heart out. I
took hold of him and said, 'You won't
( hoke me and you won't cut my heart
out. Just try it if you dare.' He
quieted down and walked out of the
room like a little lamb."
The witness said she had read fh a
magazine that insane people could be
< ..wed. "I tried it and it worked very
well," she added.
A letter from Mrs. Parkhurst to her
father, telling him that she had been
married secretly was read and placed
or. record. "My father objected to
Milas," explained Mrs. Parkhurst, "be
cause he was a Catholic and had no
money.'' Letters from the witness to
Mrs. Evaline Levy and her daughter,
in which Mrs. Parkhurst entreats
Mrs. Levy to come to San Jose, were
read. Attorneys Delmas and Rix got
into a controversy over the reading of
ilepositions from witnesses in San
Jose.
The cas<> will be resumed at 10:30
to-day, wnen the depositions will*be
taken.
ACCUSES HER BROTHER
OF EMBEZZLING MONEY
Mrs. Mary A. Fuller Obtains Warrant
for Arrest of Joseph T. Nodder,
Who Has Fled.
Mrs. Mary A. Fuller, 437 O'Farrell
street, obtained a warrant from Po
lice Judge Fritz yesterday afternoon
for the arrest of her brother, Joseph
T. Nodder, on a charge of felony em
bezzlement. The amount alleged m
the complaint is $900. Nodder has
left the city and is supposed to be in
Red Bluff.
Mrs. Fuller says that while she was
sick her brother advised her to change
her physician and on February 17 she
sent him to the Hibernia Bank, where
Bhe had $900 on deposit, to draw out
the money so that she might pay off
the phys*ii .an w ho had been attending
Iter. He drew the money from the
bank and when he returned he told
her that a suspicious-looking man had
been following him and suggested that
she should again deposit the money,
as it might be stolen.
She consented and Nodder took the
money lo the bank, but deposited it
iv his own name. Two days later he
drew the money out of the bank and
disappeared. She says she has re
ceived information that he Is in Red
Bluff.
HUSBAND CHASTISED WIFE
WITH UMBRELLA AND CLOCK
Divorce Granted to Mrs. Hewitt. Who
Suffered Indignities Until Nose
Was Broken.
Judge Seawoll yesterday granted a
divorce to Margaret J. Hewitt from
Arthur Hewitt on the grounds of
cruelty. She said that he had as
saulted her with an umbrella, hot cup
of coffee and a clock. By right time
should have been called when the last
named weapon was flung at her, but
after that he broke her nose.
Edith E. Forbes asks the court to
annul her marriage with J. W. or W.
W. Forbes, which took place at San
Jose in April, 1900. He used the "J"
as an Initial at that time, but she has
since discovered that "W. W." is the
correct sign for his given* name and
that he has another wife living from
whom he has not been divorced.
Suit for divorce was filed by Lillle
Gomez Wentz from Richard C. Wentz.
who, she says, was earning $200 a
month when he deserted her; by Ray
Mendel against Jules Mendel, who
struck her on the mouth with a salt
cellar; by Ella A. Gage against Fred
Gage, for desertion, and by Agnes
Brantley against Richard F. Brantley,
desertion.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mats Itching •# the acaip instant! y.
&01N&I GON E!U
NEWBRO'S HERPIGIDE £4™K'39.r
tw Mafcal - -* tkmt < hui. *k. - - " - - • eased. The dandruff microbe causes dull, brittle
""w" mmm f n * l mP» m%Wm «tm oc ißslrtlcss hair with later dandruff. Itching scalp
QUITE HOMELY—QUITE ATTRACTIVE SSgJiaU^
The woman with hoaMly features will not lack at- as nature Intended. A delightful hair dressing,
tract!veneta If her head Is crowned with an abund- Gives wonderful results. No oil or dye.
ftMStmSMft. Sen* 13c, $tw#t, tl HEnWJiOF CO.. Diet H, Dttmrt, Mr i vmM
APPUCATIOirg AT -WsOKOnB-sTT IABBIB SHOPS.
WHY BRENNAN
ASKS FOR MONEY
Says Father Grey Assigned
Interest During Litigation
Pending With Archbishop
RECORDS IN EVIDENCE j
Testimony Offered to Prove
That Old Priest's Sight
Was Good Is Ruled Out
That an attempt was made to send
Dr. James F. Brennan to San Quentin ,
upon evidence now subject to question,
and that the doctor has a valid claim ',
to the $37,000 he received from Father
P. J. Grejj, were the two points put be
fore Judge Sloss yesterday by Attor
ney William M. Cannon, representing
the defendant in the suit of the aged j
priest, who seeks to recover money al
leged to have been won from him by
fraud.
Cannon offered the records of the
litigation between Father Grey and the
Archbishop over the funds then on de
posit in the Hibernia Bank. He con
tends that while this litigation was
pending Father Grey, on September 13.
1899. assigned his interest in the litiga
tion to Brennan for services performed
and to be performed, after Grey's ec- i
clesiastical friends had deserted him.
The claim then was practically worth
less and dependent upon the decision '
of the court, and, says Cannon, If the
Archbishop had won, Brennan would j
have had nothing for his services. j
An attempt was made to offer the
evidence of Drs. Barkan and Pischel,
oculists, to controvert the contention of
the plaintiff that Father Grey was al- '
most blind when in Brennan's care. '
but the testimony was ruled out-on the
objection that a physician cannot di
vulge the condition his patient. Can
non proposed to prove that Dr. Barkan
treated Father Grey for a cataract in '
one eye while the sight of the other
was good, in 1900, and by Pischel that
the pries i eyes were practically nor- !
mal for a man of his years in 1903. I
Mrs. Wester, with whom Brennan
and Grey boarded from 1899 to 1902,
testified that the father was able to
read the papers and discuss their con
tents and that he was physically able
to walk ud and down and around the
house and garden.
Evidence given in the trials of the
criminal charges against Brennan were
offered in comparison with the cvi- j
dence and contentions in the present
case to pro.-c that Father Grey's mem- [
ory was not good and that the plead
ings upon which it was sought to t on- 1
vict Brennan of a felony had been j
abandoned in the civil suit.
STATE SUES TO ENJOIN
BUILDING AND LOAN CONCERN
Attorney Genera] Alleges That Pa- •
ciflc Const Savings Society Is
Violating the Law.
Upon the charge that the Pacific 1
Coast Havings Society has violated the
law governing fche operations of build
ing and loan associations Attorney
General U. S. Webb, on behalf of the
neople of the State, yesterday brought
oUit to enjoin the society from trans
acting further business until a hear
ing can be had on the report of
Charles M. Shortridge and D. W. !
Field, commissioners of building and i
loan associations. Besides the soci- I
ety, the defendants named in the ac
tion are its directors, C. S. Benedict,
Harry Francis, Barclay Henley, H. S. j
Davis and W. H. Smith.
The complaint sets forth that the |
comr-issioners v made an examination!
into tne affairs of the concern in May |
of last year and supplementary exam-
I nation on January 27, resulting in the I
discovery that the society had made j
loans on insufficient security and con
ducted Its business in an unsafe man- j
ncr, such as to render further pro- \
ceedings on its part hazardous to the :
public. By reason of its methods, it '
is charged, the corporation has be- j
come insolvent.
OFFER TO PUT ON DRESS
SHOCKS JUDICIAL DIGNITY
Judge Daniels Distrusts His Own Eyes
and Will Obtain Expert
Counsel.
The official dignity of Judge j
Daniels received a shock yesterday :
when Mrs. B. Bernstein of the Hotel
Majestic offered to array herself in a ,
dress made by Tailor S. Honig to give !
the Judge an opportunity to see what j
a ridiculous fit the garment was.
The suggestion of the court that j
competent experts be brought in to j
give testimony was rejected with scorn !
by both sides, Mrs. Bernstein averring 1
that the dress never did fit and Honig
alleging that he wasted nine fittings
in trying to make the garment con
form to Mrs. Bernstein's wishes.
Honiy says that when Mrs. Bern- j
stein received the dress she was de- I
lighted, but that the subsequent en- '
vious criticism of acquaintances
caused her to change her mind and
refuse the payment of $40. Both par- l
ties agreed finally to leave the matter !
to the court without prejudice. De
cision was reserved to give the Judge
time to consult the authorities on j
dress architecture.
Will Celebrate Mass for Ireland.
There will be a solemn high mass
celebrated at St. Francis Church, Val- ;
lejo street, to-morrow at 9:30 o'clock'
for the absolute freedom of Ireland.
The members of San Francisco Divi- !
sion of the Ladies' Auxiliary to the
Ancient Order of Hibernians in Amer- !
ica will attend in a body. The mass '
will be celebrated to conform with a j
resolution adopted at the last national
convention of the Ladies' Auxiliary
held In St. Louis. Members of the
Ancient Order of Hibernians and all
lovers of Erin are cordially Invited to
be present.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, JANUARY 31. 1905.
GRANEY TO GET
PART OF WORK
Bidder Will Not Be Ruled
Out From the Distribution
of Horseshoeing Contracts
EXTEND SWINE LIMITS
Supervisors Discuss Nui- 1
sance Caused by Smoke of
the Garbage Crematory
" i
The joint Supervisors' Police, Elec
tricity and Health Committee wres
tled again yesterday with the proposed
award of contracts for the shoeing of
horses of certain city departments, it
had been suggested by the Finance
Committee that the contracts be
awarded to Ed Toy, who bid $2 25 per
horse, and five members of the Mas
ter Horseshoers* Association at $2 50
per horse. Eddie Graney, however,
was to be excluded in the award
though he bid $2 50 and proved his
responsibility. Graney himself vigor
ously objected to being shut out and
wanted to know the reason why.
"I've got a right to know why my
bid is ignored, - ' said Graney. "If it
is a petty political proposition I want
to know it."
D'Ancona said it had been suggest
ed to exclude Graney because it was
thought he had done enough of the
city's horseshoeing and he should give
some one else a chance.
Boxton's motion that the award of
contract for horseshoeing be post
poned until July 1, when new bids
will be invited, was lost, as was also
Finn's motion that the contract be
awarded to Ed Toy, the lowest bidder.
McClellan's motion that Toy's bid be
rejected was not seconded. The mo
tion to include Graney in the award
was lost when it was first put, but
was carried the second time and the ,
resolution on the subject will be pre
sented at next Monday's meeting. i
The board passed to print an
amended ordinance so as to include
St. Mary's College tract in the limits
within which the keeping of more
than two rows is prohibited to go into
effect on March 1 next. Another or
dinance was passed to print prohibit
ing the keeping of swine in the city
limits with the exception of Butcher
town and the Union Stockyards, the
ordinance to become effective on July
1 next.
Comte called attention to the nui
sance caused by the fumes from the
chimney of the Sanitary Reduction j
Works, which he characterized as in- .
tolerable. Payot produced a letter j
from the corporation, in which it is :
said that steps are being taken to !
control the fumes. Payot agreed that
the smoke was a nuisance, but could
only be abated by exacting the sepa
ration of the garbage and other ref
use in the burning. D'Ancona said
that the company wa: c-iing all in its |
power to remedy the evil.
The board allowed $500 for the con- :
tinuation of sanitary work in China
town. Deputy Health Officer Levy
explained that the work would be ,
completed by March 1 next.
The petition for the placing of an
electric light at Twenty-third and Dia
mond streets was referred to the Light
Committee, which meets next Thurs
day at noon.
POSTOFFICE CLERKS
PREPARING FOR BALL
Extensive Preparations Are Being
Made to Render the Event a
Social Success.
The annual ball of the San Fran
cisco postoffice clerks, to be held
next Saturday evening at Native Sons'
Hall, promises to eclipse all former
events given by them. The decora
tions of the hall will be novel and
beautiful. A complete surprise can be
looked for in the way of transforming
the hall into a place of beauty. A
select orchestra will furnish the music.
The following committees have
charge of the ball:
Arrangement committee —Bob Kerrison, It I.
Apple, Warren King, James Cunningham, A.
Henry. Frank H. Sullivan. W. J. Murphy. T.
Krohn. E. J. McSorley. Dan Ritchie; fluor—
Frank B. Sullivan (nrnnager). T. F. Flaheriy
and P. H. Millberry (assistants). Al Drysdale,
Max Cohen, Henry Eogeman, J. Glover, W.
V. Wise, Thomas Welch. G. P. Moran. M. L.
Frledlander. William McLeod. Joseph Collins,
M. Klelnhaupt. H. J. Caveny: reception—Mls-b
W'ertheimer. Mrs. Shephard. George Michaels,
J. Burson, Dave'Foley, Joseoh McTanney. Ji-p
Raymond. Joseph F. Cone, C. P. M. Wueiiens,
Del Lawton. A. R. Imbrie, A. J. Hearst, E.
J. Martell. Percy Innes.
PAST PUPILS OF SACRED
HEART COLLEGE MEET
Temporary Organization of Alumni Is
Effected aud Inaugural Banquet
Is Planned.
Many of the past pupils of the Sa
cred Heart College met last night at
Eddy and Larkin streets for the pur
pose of discussing the organization to
be composed of all past pupils of the
college. Over thirty were in attend
ance last night and the president of
the college, Brother Xenophon, pre
sided.
A temporary organization was ef
fected by the appointing of P. J. Mc-
Cormick as chairman pro tern., and F.
S. Drady as secretary pro tern.
The initial debut of the society will
be made some time in the latter part
of February, when a banquet will
start the ball rolling. The committee
to prepare the banquet comprises
William Wilson, J. E. Derhan and
John F. Renault. All past pupils,
whether or not graduates of the col
lege, are cordially invited to co-oper
ate.
MONKEY WRENCH AS WEAPON
MAY COST WIELDER DEAR.
Woman Sues for Damages for Injuries
Received at Hands of an Angry
Assailant.
A two-Inch cut on the forehead,
two hours of unconsciousness and two
stitches taken in the wound, with
mental anguish added, are the basis
of a suit for $10,000 damages filed yes
terday by Robert F. and Mary Small
man against Adolph N. Roth. It is
charged in the complaint that Roth,
on January 10, in a vacant lot near
28 Bronte street, the home of Mrs.
Smallman, struck her down with a
plumber's wrench, after having shock
ed her sensibilities with a tirade of
abuse. The plaintiffs assert that, for
fear of further assf'lts, they were
forced to move from their home.
Undertakers Form Partnership.
D. J. O'Hara, formerly of the firm
of Monahan, O'Hara & Co., has enter
ed into partnership with McAvoy &
Co., who conduct the undertaking
establishment at 1239 Market street
Mr. O'Hara, although a young man
has shown much ability In his busi
ness. His new firm, which will be
known as McAvoy, O'Hara & Co., Is
fitting up new undertaking payors' on
Hayes street opposite St. Ignatius
Church, and expects to open for busi
ness about March 15.
BRILLIANT
MELBA IS
SOON DUE
MADAME MKI.I'.A, THE DIVA,
WHO WILI. GIVE TWO CON
CERTS IN THIS CITY.
Her Wonderful
Art Now at
Its Prime.
It is announced by (iottlob, Marx& Co.
that Melba has decided to give one
evening and one matinee concert, in
stead of the two night concerts, as first
announced. .
The appearances of the queen of song
will take place at the Alhambra Thea
ter on "Tuesday night. February 7, and
Saturday afternoon, February 11. This
arrangement of concerts w qi prove es
pecially satisfactory to the hundreds of
music lovers living across the bay, who
will find it possible to make a trip to
the city and to attend this, the greatest
musical event of the year. As Melba
w ill be heard only in this city and Los
Angeles In the State of California peo
ple living near San Francisco who de
sire to hear the diva will find it possi
ble to attend the concerts at the Al
hambra
Quite an interest in the appearance
here of Signorlna Sassoli with Melba is
noted among music lovers, who have
heard so much of the young artiste.
The harpist is barely 17 years old. A
little over two years ago she was play
ing in Paris and was heard by Melba,
who, being greatly impressed by her
remarkable performances, engaged her
for American and Australian tours. In
spite of her youth Signorina Sassoli
achieved astonishing success through
out both tours. Mme. Melba take 3
great pride In the achievements of her
young protege.
The programme for both concerts in
San Francisco will be noted for their
brilliancy, and the interest in them may
best be judged by the hundreds of In
cmlries regarding sale of seats, pro
grammes, etc.
The advance sale of seats begins next
Thursday morning at the music store of
Sherman, Clay & Co. The prices for
the Melba concerts are to be $4, $3, $2
and $1. the box seats are to be $5.
EXPERT J. J. DWYER
STILL ON THE RACK
California Probate Lawyer Is Sub
jected to Sharp Questioning by
Mrs. Hopper's Attorney.
J. J. Dwyer, the expert on California
probate law, who is testifying in the
Dunsmuir will hearing at Consul Ben
nett's office.- spent an unpleasant day
on the stand • yesterday under the
sharp questioning of E. V. Bodwell of
counsel for Edna Wallace Hopper.
Mrs. Hopper and the intervenor,
Mrs. Joan Dunsmuir, are attempting
jointly to break the deceased capi
talist's will on the ground that it
should have been probated here in
stead of in British Columbia. They
allege that Alexander Dunsmuir was
a resident of this State. Dwyer has
been called upon to give his testi
mony and his answers have hitherto
slightly favored the proponents.
Mr. Dwyer was closely pressed by
the attorney and several times Charles
S. Wheeler for the proponents was
compelled to come to his assistance.
The cross-examination of Dwyer will
soon end and James A. S. Lowe, a wit
ness to trye will, will be put on the
stand to deny the statements accredit
ed to him subsequent to his recent ap
pearance as a witness. The contest
ants will endeavor to prove that Lowe
admitted to business men here that
he did not know the nature of the
will when he witnessed it.
IMPORTANT TRAIN CHANGES.
New Schedules for Ogden* and Shasta
Routes.
On account of the' withdrawal of ferryboat
"Solano" for needed repairs* temporarily clos
ing the Benlcia route, aU Ogden and Shasta
Route trains will run via Stockton, and Sac
ramento locals via South Vallejo. Napa Junc
tion and Sulsun. the change going Into effect
Ftbruarv L This will make new leaving time
for various trains, the Overland Limited leav
ing* San Francisco 9 a. m., via Martinez and
Stockton: Atlantic Express leaving 7:30 a. m..
via Martinez and Stockton; Reno Passenger
leaving. 5:00 p. m., via Nilcs and Stockton;
Oregon Express leaving 7:00 p. m.. via Mar
tinez and Stockton: Shasta Express leaving
7:30 a. m.. via Niles and Stockton. One of
the Sacramento locals will have a new leav
ing time. Train No. 18 leaving at 2:30 p. m.
instead of 3:30 p. m. Two swing trains from
Suisun will afford service to Benlc'-a.*
Simultaneous with abov„ changes will be a
new and Improved SBTTtoe from San Fran
cisco to Vallejo. six trains being run daily. •
DROWNED BODY FOUND.—The body of
an unidentified man was recovered yesterday
from the bay near the Presidio. The remains
had bean in the water tor about a month.
CHIEF JUSTICE
MAY GIVE WRIT
Judge Beatty Favors Allow
ing Release of E. H. Hoar,
Jailed District Attorney
OUTCOME OF A SCANDAL
Officials of Merced County
Involved in Case Result
ing in Lawyer's Appeal
*
Echoes of the scandal that has stirred
Merced County for several weeks were
heard yesterday in the Supreme Court,
when Chief Justice Beatty listened to
arguments by counsel upon the ques
tion of allowing a writ of habeas cor
pus to E. H. Hoar, the District At
torney of Merced County, who was re
cently failed for contempt of court.
The alleged contempt of court con
sisted in the refusal of the District At
torney to answer a question put to him
by the counsel for several Supervisors
and employes placed under indictment
by him. Yesterday the Chief Justice
said he thought the question had been
sufficiently answered according to the
evidence submitted, but that he would
reserve his decision on the writ. In the
meantime he allowed District Attorney
Hoar his freedom on his own recog
nizance, there being no objection by
counsel.
Several weeks ago there existed po
litical friction in Merced County be
tween the Board of Supervisors and the
Sheriff's office and ill feeling was rife.
About this time the District Attorney
is said t.o have discovered collusion be
tween membjrs of the Board of Super
visors and employes who had been or
dered to inspect the building of the
County Hospital.
A venire ior a Grand Jury was is
sued by Judge E. N. Rector of the
Superior Court, and it is that
among these men were nine who were
objectionable to the District Attorney's
office. These nine men were subpenaed
by the District Attorney as witnesses
and at his request were excused by the
court frc-m serving. The Sheriff was
then ordered to secure a special venire
and nine other men were made grand
jurors. Following this, indictments
were found by the Grand Jury against
Supervisors Thomas Price and A. B.
Hamilton, W. H. McElroy and Archi
tect McDougall and F. H. Robinson,
employed by tin 5 Board of Supervisors
to inspect the building.
Frank H. Farrar and Smith & Os
trander, attorneys for the defendants,
attacked 'he Grand Jury, and during
the trial District Attorney Hoar was
asked whether he had in mind the
using of the Grand Jury against the
Hoard of Supervisors and the District
Attorney refused to answer. Judge
Rector held him guilty of contempt and
imprisoned him.
In his opinion. Chief Justice Beatty
held, that the court was in error in
dismissing the first nine grand jurors,
as their being subpenaed as witnesses
would only affect the cases in which
they were to give testimony. . He also
sustained tlie cortte*rftlo>i of Judge LaW,
who appeared on behalf of the District
Attorney, that this proceeding might
be construed as a charge that the Dis
trict Attorney packed the jury, when
it was not the intention so to do. The
Chief Justice held that from the testi
mony submitted the District Attorney
had answered the question to the best
of his ability in .previous answers.
The test case under the fruit ship-;
ping law, which involved the arrest
of Char!-s E. Hayden of Watronville,
on the charge of failing to place the
name of the locality in which the fruit
was grown on each box before ship
ment, came up yesterday in the Su
preme Court. The attorneys asked a
postponement for the purpose of filing
briefs, and time was allowed them.
SUICIDE USES FIFTEEN
FEET OF CLOTHESLINE
'Climbs a Eucalyptus Tree on the Old
Ocean House Road and Then *
Hangs Himself.
As Michael Barry, a laborer at the
Spring Valley pumping station, was
going to his work yesterday morning
he saw hanging from a eucalyptus
tree on the old Ocean House road the
body of a man. The rope was a new
clothesline fifteen feet long and the
feet of the corpse were six feet from
the ground. The suicide had climbed
the tree, fastened one end of the rope
to a stout limb and tied the other end
around his neck, first tying a silk
handkerchief about his neck to pre
vent the rope from cutting into the
flesh.
On the person of the suicide when
searched by the Coroner's deputies
were found the following articles: A
gold filled watch of the Illinois Watch
Company, a gold plated watch chain,
a pocket book with the initials "C. A.
W.," a pair of mother of pearl cuff
buttons with the initial "W.," a pock
et knife, a five-cent nickel piece, a
gold badge of the Foresters of Amer
ica and a cigar case containing a well
colored meerschaum cigar holder with
amber mouthpiece. The body is fair
ly well dressed and is that of a man
about 35 years old. The hands are
those of a person not accustomed to
manual labor.
H. A. Zimmerman, a tailor, whose
place of business is at 419 y 2 Stockton
street, visited the Morgue last night
and identified the body as that of
Charles A. Westerland. a grocer's
clerk. He said Westerland was a na
tive of Sweden and had no relatives
in this city. « , *
TRIES TO FORCE HIS WAY
INTO MRS. NYBERG'S ROOM
Anton W. Steurass Arrested for. Seek
ing to See Woman Whose Hus
band Was Murdered.
The slumbers of the occupants of
the lodging-house at 231 TrTlrd street
were rudely disturbed early yesterday
morning by Anton W. Steurass, a
drunken longshoreman, who was try
ing to force his way into the room
of Mrs. Augusta Nyberg. He broke
the glass In the door, cutting his hands
severely, and was trying to break open
the door when Policeman E. F. Rug
gles appeared and placed him under
arrest.
On the way to the Central Emer
gency Hospital to have the cuts on his
! hands dressed he became violently in
| sane and had to be strapped down on
[ a cot in the insane ward. As soon as
he recovers his reason he will be
charged with malicious mischief and
disturbing the peace.
Mrs. Nyberg is the woman whose
1 husband, William Nyberg, a saloon
| keeper, was shot and killed by Wil
i Ham Peterson at the same house re-
I eently. The police have so far been
! unable to catch Peterson.
I TWfCE MORTGAGES A PIANO.—A v.ar
: rant was obtained from Police Judge Cabanlsa
yesterday for the arrtst of Lillian St. Clair,
alias Lillian R. Howard, on a charge of mort
gaging incumbered property. It is alleged
that the woman mortgaged a piano for $50 to
I>. E. Perry and thereafter mortgaged it to
• C. Meyer for $100.
TO FIX WATER
AND GAS RATES
Board Designates Time for
Holding Examinations in
Order to Take Testimony
SITE FOR MISSION PARK
Offers of Religious Societies
to Sell Two Blocks of Land
to the City Are Accepted
The-Board of Supervisors yesterday
j adopted a resolution fixing Monday,
! February 6. 1905, at 3:30 o'clock for
[ the purpose of beginning an examina
; tlon and obtaining testimony in order
jtc fix and establish water rates fot
' the fiscal year ending June 30, 1906.
! The board also fixed February 13,
| 1905, at 3:30 as the time for taking
j testimony for the purpose of fixing
rates to be charged for gas and elec
tric current. City representatives of
the- various water and lighting com
panies will be subpenaed to be -pres-
ent at the hearing. S. Patter was ap
pointed stenographer for both Investi
gations.
The board adopted a resolution ac
cepting the often: of two Jewish so
cieties to convey to the city Mission
blocks 86 and 87 for the proposed
Mission Park for $291,350, payment to
;be made upon final approval of the
j City Attorney. Bids were ordered ad
; vertised for abstracts of titles to lands
for Golden Gate Park and Presidio
Extension.
I Street work was ordered on Par
nassus avenue between Stayan and
Willard streets.
The City Attorney was asked to ad
vise the board whether the parcel of
I land between the lines produced of
: Clay street west from Gough street
is a part of Lafayette Square or a
part of Clay street proper.
The Board of Works was requested
to furnish plans and an estimate of
cost of constructing a bridge for pub
lic use to replace the one now at
Mount Vernon and San Jose avenues
over the tracks of the Southern Pacific
Company, residents having complain
ed that the old bridge is in a danger
ous condition.
: Ordinances were passed to print
, fixing the width of sidewalks on Pa
cific avenue between Walnut and Lau
rel streets; accepting the roadways of
Fifth avenue between Point Lobos and
j Clement; Church street between
I Twenty-fourth a:.d Duncan streets and
Fourth avenue between California and
Lake streets and fixing the grades on
Forty-sixth, Forty-seventh and Forty
cighth avenues, B and Fulton streets.
1 The various municipal departments
were requested to furnish a list of all
necessary books, stationery and print
ing required during the next fiscal
year.
I The following ordinances were final
ly passed:
Ordering street work on designated
blocks on Masonic avenue, Minnesota,
Broderick, Arlington and Pierce
streets.
>, Ordering the bituminizing of the
pavement in front of the Phelan build
ing at a cost of $2000. ,
Providing for the manner of num
bering the various municipal bonds
recently voted by the people.
Fixing grades at points on Tay and.
Cole streets.
Fixing the width of sidewalks on
; Landers street.
Granting permission to the Tubbs
Cordage Company to build a spur
track on Indiana street.
BUYS AUTOMOBILE FOR
USE OF FIRE DEPARTMENT
Commission Reassigns Battalion
Chiefs to Xew Districts and
Appoints Two Hosemen.
The Fire Commissioners yesterday
awarded a contract for an automobile
to George E. Middleton for $1050. The
right to purchase one or two more of
the machines at the same price was
reserved. The Commissioners expect
to have better luck with the new ma
chine, which is to be used by Chief
Sullivan, than with the electric motor
purchased a year ago for $2000 and
never used.
The new battalion chiefs, John
Maxwell and M. O'Brien, were as
signed to duty with "headquarters re
spectively at Engine-house No. 19 on
Market street and Engine 3 on Cali
fornia near Hyde. The last named
takes Chief J. J. Conlan's district, he
being transferred to Engine 30 on
Waller street. Battalion Chief Wil
liam Waters was transferred to En
gine 7 on Sixteenth street, and Assist
ant Chief Shaughnessy will have his
headquarters at Engine 34 on Ellis
street near Octavia instead of at En
gine 19.
William D. Carey and James P.
Grace were appointed hosemen from
the civil service list and are to be as
signed by Chief Sullivan.
Press Women Answer Suit.
The Pacific Coast Women's Press
Association yesterday filed specific de
nials to the charges of Mate H. Cart
wright and Abbie E. Krebs made in
•their complaints for $100,000 damages
for injury to their social and literary
reputations by reason of having been
expelled from the association. The
defendants deny everything but the
expulsion, which was not, they say,
done irregularb, in secret, actuated by
envy or jealousy or in conspiracy or
collusion tp damage the social and
literary reputations aforementioned.
SCHL - SBL,ER STIIiL TESTIFYING.—Her
mann Schussler, chief engineer of the Spring
Valley Water Works, continued his testimony
yesterday before United States Commissioner
Heacock. Nothing new was elicited.
ADYTKKTISEMENTS.
Bice Powder
/B!jOOMIN(\ beware i
r 1 1 j*A Every woman who values her complex-
M lm ff (cim~- .mm ion is cautioned that the genuine Lablache
■ (tv ■ Face Powder bears the signature of "Ben
I I* ■ Levy" i° re d across the label of the box,
■ /w »M V. I -A-U others are counterfeits and dangerous.
LABLACHii FACE POWDER
% ] s pure and contains no tninerals. It is sci-
W "fc\ #rr r*> ' ' W entiflcally prepared to nourish and freshen
tv tR M the skin, remove all impurities and blemishes
M yx/Si f an d g Jve health and charm to the face of the
■ woman who uses It. It makes the skin smooth,
I clear and beautiful. Preserves a fine complexion,
a * restores one which is faded. Its peculiar perfume is
■ extracted from flowers and plants which possess antiseptic properties.
I Accept no substitute, Flesh, white, pink, cream tints. 50c box, druggists or mall.
I BEN LEVY & CO,, French Perfumers, 125 Kingston St., Boston, Mast.
STREETS WILL
BE REPAIRED
Supervisors Authorize the
Works Board to Do Paving
Abandoned by Yorke Firm
MERITS OF PAVEMENTS
Committee Will Hear Argu
ments as to Superiority
of Asphalt or Bitumen
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
took action against the Yorke. Com
pany, whose contract for repairing
bituminous pavements was declared by
the City Attorney to be Illegal because
the board named had never authorized
the Board of Public Works to enter
into the contract. The board adopted a
resolution authorizing the Board of
Works to cause needed repairs to be
made to the bituminous rock paved
roadways of the accepted streets of the
city. The unexpended funds of the ap
propriation provided in the budget for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1905, un
der the item of "repairs to bituminous
rock and asphalt pavements on accept
ed streets" are made available for the
purpose at the request of the Board of
Works, which had met in the morning
and requested that it be granted the
authority described.
The Board of Works has already re
ceived bids for the repair of Market
street from Second to Twelfth, the low
est being for $500 from the City Street
Improvement Company, and work will
be commenced at once. Other urgent
repairs will also be made under the
authorization.
At the meeting of the Finance Com
mittee D'Ancona desired to know the
reason for the delay In paving H and
Mission streets. Commissioner Aigel
tinger said there appeared to be some
difference of opinion between the Su
pervisors and the Board of Works, the
former having recommended the use of
asphalt, while the latter favored bitu
men. He said the property owners on
H street had signed a private contract
for bitumen, the United Railroads
would pave between its tracks with
bitumen and it would be unwise for the
city to ose asphalt on Its portion of the
street.
Aigeltinger explained that the asphalt
that was now being furnished for pav
ing was not of proper quality owing to
the fact that some of the injurious in
gredients were not extracted, which
lessened its wearing quality and caused
it to* crumble when dry. He said that
asphalt should be 98 per cent pure for
effective use.
J. W. McDonald asked to be heard
when the .merits of both pavements
I were taken up, as he was prepared to
j show the superiority of bitumen as a
i paving material. It was agreed to hear
j both sides at the meeting of the Street
| Committee to-morrow afternoon.
Aigeltinger assured the Finance Com
mittee that the street sweeping fund
should be conserved so that there
would remain $53,750 for the work in
April. May and June. The report of.
the Street Committee directing the
Board of Works to regulate the ex
penditures for street sweeping was
thereupon amended by the board so as
to eliminate the objectionable features
which caused the heated debate at the
last meeting.
The Board of Works was authorized
to pave with asphalt the roadway of
Mission street between Onondaga ave
nue and Porter avenue, at an estimated
cost of $80,000.
The Board of Works also recommend
ed tbe purchase of three sweeping ma
chines at a cost of $1005.
POLICEMAN MURPHY
DECLARED BLAMELESS
Coroner's Jury Finds That Youns
Thompson Came to His Death
as Result of Accident.
A Coroner's jury yesterday exoner
ated Policeman M. Murphy from
| blame for the death of John Thomp
son on January 20. The evidence was
that Thompson, who was 20 years old,
was with a crowd of from forty to
fifty boys in the vicinity of Wood
ward's Pavilion, where a bull light
was about to be held, and were creat 1
ing much disturbance by yelling and
jeering. When Thompson came along
'he was ordered back by Policeman
j Murphy, but. refused to obey the or
| der and attempted to go on. The lat
| ter pushed him back with his hand
and Thompson fell to the sidewalk,
his head struck upon the curb and
his skull was fractured. All the wit
nesses united in saying that Murphy
raised the youth up, took him to a
doorstep and did all he could to bring
I him to consciousness.
After the announcement of the ver-
I diet Murphy was restored to duty by
i Chief Wittman.
Principals Indorse Compromise.
The principals of the city schools
met yesterday afternoon at the City
Hall to Indorse the recommendation
of the special committee to Sacra
mento in favor of a compromise of
the legislation 1 affecting the disposal
of the State apportionment for the
support of the schools. The com
promise suggested by President Ron
covieri, Superintendent Langdon and
others that 10 per cent of the fund
be equally distributed and the remain
ing 90 per cent be apportioned accord
ing to school census received the
hearty support of the principals.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE—Joan of Are
Council No. 683 of the Young Men's Institute
will give Its first public entertainment a:.ii
ball next Wednesday evening at Golden Gate
Hall. A short but excellent programme bas
been arranged, to be followed by a dart' c.
Indications are that the flirt social ventuie
of the baby council of the Young Mcn'a In
stitute will be a great success.
7__8
THE SAN FRAN CISCO. CALL
JOHN D. SPRECTtELS .' Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McNAUGHT Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE.7 THIRD A KD~MARKBT STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
TUESDAY JANUARY 81, 1905
T HE Portland Oregonian ?nd the Seattle papers editoria' y de
fend the American sealers against the attack made upon them in
the Senate by Senator DolHver of lowa. It is an inteiesting
matter because of its legal and international aspect. The statutes
of Congress passed to protect the seals on the Prybiloff Islands in
Bering Sea foibade pelagic sealing in "waters under the jurisdiction
of the United States." Long after that became *he law, Mr. Blame
conceived the doctrine that' Bering was a closed sea, and was all
under our jurisdiction westward, to a line drawn from the mainland
to the extremity of the Aleutian archipelago, and that west of that
line to the Siberian coast the sea was closed and under the exclusive
jurisdiction of Russia. Immediately npon this interpretation of our
State Department, we began seizing and confiscating all fishing and
hunting ships on our side and Russia did the same on hTS. Our
Government seized and interfered with a large number of American
ships that had been cleared from San Francisco, Astoria and Puget
Sound ports, and a large number o f British ships that were cleared
frcm Victoria. Russia con^seated American and British ships also.
Qreat Britain protested these seizures, and after long diplo
matic exchanges the United States made a treaty of arbitration with
her, under which an international arbitral court was arranged and
held sessions in Paiis to determine whether Bering was an open or
a closed sea. Russia joined with us in the contention that it was a
mare clausum. After a long and interesting hearing the arbitrators
decided that Bering is an open sea, and that the jurisdiction of
Russia and ihe United States extends only three miles from their re
spective shores. This made our Government liable to Great Britain
ii it her ships tbat we had seized, and made Russia liable to Great
Britain and to us for the seizures made by her. We then made a
protocol with Great Britain for the creation of a judicial arbitration
to determine the amount due Tor the British ships we h*d ? a 'u :d.
This arbitral court sat at Victoria, B. C., the seat of the British
sealing industry. The senior counsel of the United States before
that court was Hon. Don M. Dickins no.' Detroit. The British
claims riled amounted to nearly $2,000,000. Mr. Dickinson found
himself without any testimony as to the value of the seized prop
erty by which to contest the valuations put upon it in the British
testimony In this emergency the American sealtrs, whose property
had been despoiled by the 1 ' 1 * own Government, came to the rescue
and volunteered thei r exper* testimony on the value <ji the British
ships. They did this at personal risk, for the feeling in Victoria was
so bitter against them that they were the victims f many attacks and
assaults. But they bravely stcod their ground, and their testimony
scaled the British claims down to something less than $400,000, for
which the corn gav< judgment and the United States paid it.
Then the United States demanded pL/ of Russia for the Ameri
can ships she had seized, and that demand was arbitrated by Dr.
Asser in the Hague c.-urt, who gave us a large judgment, which Rus
sia paid. Great Britain th<m dexnanded indemnity from Russia for
the seizure of British ships, and this was paid by diplomatic arrange
ment, without resort + o an international court, as all the issues had
been already closed and liability decided at Victoria and the Hague.
This left all of the despoiled sealers compensated for their 'osses ex
cept the Americans, who had been despoiled by their own Govern
ment. Mr. Dickinso'% in his final official report to our Government
on the Victoria arbitration, stated the service rendered to their
country by the American sellers, .vhose testimony had so largely
reduced the British cL.ms, and asked for them justice and com
pensation from their own Government for its seizure of their'prop
erty. The obligation to compensate them was clearly legal. Their
Government had seized, destroyed and interfered with their property
while in waters where it had no juri diction, ar.d where they had a
legal right to be, under the law of the sea. These poor men, nearly '
all of them in pinching poverty through the confiscation of their
property, had also put their Government under a moral obligation
to indemnify them by coming .0 its assistance as witnesses at Vie- '
toria. thereby saving it a million dollar o or more.
Mr. Dickinson presented their case to Congress, refusing any
compensation, and acting solely on the moral obligation to them,
which appealed to his honor. The bill fcr their relief proposed that •
the Circuit Court of the United States in San Francisco take equity
jurisdiction, hear their cases and determine what, if any, relief is
due them, rendering judgment therefor, to be paid by a future ap
propriation by Congress. This bill, after close examination, was re
ported favorably by the Judiciary Committee of the House, and i
the Foreign Affairs Committee of ..he Senate, and has been fitfully
under discussion all of this month.
As the press of Portland and Puget Sound \\ls noted, the bill
has been bitterly opposed by Senator Dolliver, who, by vicious at
tacks on the sealers and on Mr. Dickinson, has mutilated it until it j
affords no relief at all to these poor men who came to the assistance
of their Government after it had despoiled them. The Senator's at
tack on Mr. Dickinson has been especially vicious and untruthful.
It is a distorted conception of a Senator's duty and privilege to libel
a private citizen in the Senate where he has no privilege of appear-1
ance and reply, and in so far as such an attack has influenced tlie
action of the Senate that body has erred and should be willing to j
correct its mistake. The position of Senator Dolliver puts this
Government in company of the Latin American states, which de
spoil their own citizens with impunity, while they are compelled by
international law to compensate the nationals of other countries for
similar spoliations.
A majority of these suffering men are in San Francisco; they
are California sailors; they went from here to the rescue of their
Government at Victoria, and Senator Dolliver proposes that the bill
shall send them to the Coutt of Claims in Washington, where their
poverty prevents them from going, and that that court shall be
denied the right to enter any judgment in their favor! It is fantas
tic cruelty and injustice that has no rival outside of Santo Domingo
and Haiti. •
ONE thing is to be said for the leading Mormons. They have
the courage of their convictions and stand by polygamy. Mr.
Kimball, son of the redoubtable and much-wived Heber C.
Kimball, and Secretary of the Seventy, last Sunday,' in the Logan
Temple said: "These good women in the East want Congress to
stop this practice of polygamy. I would like to see Congress try it.
They will have something on their hands if they do."
It is evident that this ugly issue will not down. The Mormon
leaders are determined to keep polygamy going, and as soon as pos
sible to renew its public practice as an institution of the church.
They feel secure of enough political influence to effect this, by pre
venting an amendment to the Federal constitution making it a Fed
eral question. Under these circumstances it is evident that Congress
cannot too soon "have something on their hands."
When Senator Smoot began presenting his testimony to the
Seriate Committee on Privileges and Elections, he featured the
evidence of a number of "Jack Mormons," and seemed to make out
a pretty good case to prove that the church manifesto against polyg
amy, which was promulgated to obtain statehood for Utah, was
being observed. But now it appears that professors in the State
University are living in polygamy, that it is taught in nearly 300
of the public schools of Utah, and Mr. Kimball defies Congress to
stop it. This is a defi to the nation. Stronger combinations than
the Mormons have defied the United States and have lived to regret
it. Defiance is safe in the Logan Temple, for the time being. But
temples that are the sanctuary of crime have been leveled before 1
now, and what has been may be again.
It seems clear that there will have to be more centralisation of authority
In Panama affairs If the canal is ever to be built without undue expense and
loss of time. Not many cooks are enough to spoil the broth of great engineer
ing works.—Cleveland Leader. ,
THE AMERICAN SEALERS.
A MORMON DEFI.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1905.
Queen's Choice
CAMPBELL MacLEOD
"I am young," the jester whim
pered.
THE jester bowed low before the
throne. The King extended a
much bejeweled hand. The jest
er bent over it reverently—and
slyly bit it. The Queen laughed
behind her fan and beckoned the
clown to her side. He sank on the
steps at her feet.
"This is my throne for to-night,"
he announced, gayly Jingling his bells.
"I shall surrender It to no one. For
one night I shall speak only the plain,
unvarnished truth, your Majesty."
"One who would speak the truth,
Sir Cap-and-Bells," replied the Queen
sagely, "must needs have some pre
vious experience."
"Ha! ha!" chuckled the King,
beaming at the vision at his side.
"Well said, my lady. Previous expe
rience, Sir Fool!"
Age jangled in the voice of the
King; youth bubbled in the laughter
of the jester. The Queen unconscious
ly leaned on the arm next to the
clown and closed her eyes for.a mo
ment to rest them from the bewil
dering sight before her. To be Queen
of one of the most splendid Mardi
Gras balls is something to turn a girl's
heart. But this one, to judge by her
weary eyes—in spite of the magnifi
cence surrounding her and in face of
the King's open devotion—was bored.
And the evening was only beginning.
The jester at her feet played with
his bells and hummed "If Ever I
Cease to Love" in time with the mu
sicians far overhead. As he sang he
watched the face of the Queen. Sud
denly she turned to him.
"Sir Fool," she said gently, "that
air goes not with that get-up. Save
your voice for 'Tell Me, Pretty
Maiden.' "
"Would she listen if I told her,
think you?" he whispered eagerly.
"There has never been but one pret
ty maiden for me, your Majesty."
"A maid is but a maid," the Queen
returned slowly. "And a man but a
man. And love is but—"
"Everything!" the jester interrupted
seriously. "Love is all."
The King called the second time, then
had to touch the arm of the Queen be
fore she heard him. Two strange
Princes stood waiting to be presented.
Behind them came a train of Cupids, Loh
FASHION'S MIRROR
Here is a stylish though simple evening cloak of very
light gray broadcloth, stitched with zvhite. Very narrow sil
ver braid traces a fancy pattern on the yoke. A heavy gray
and silver cord with ornaments drapes the front.
engrlns and monks, each bearing a tray
of compliments. The Queen's eyes were
big and suddenly bright. The King sat
with his fat hand on.his heart and
listened to her bandying repartee with
each in turn. The jester's bells were si
lent. He was attentively studying the
Queen's pink nails on the hand resting
on the vase of magnificent roses near
the throne.
"You should have been a Queen," the
King announced ponderously as the last
, troubador moved off.
"You were born a Queen," the jester
whispered eagerly.
"This splendor shall always be
yours," the King continued In business
tones. "Everything shall be yours that
money can buy. But you were fitted
i for a real throne."
" 'Kind hearts are more than coro
! nets,' " the jester sang softly to the air
! of "Under the Bamboo Tree." "And the
j truest throne is a throbb ng heart, lady"
> The Queen frowned at him Impatiently
[ and turned to the King, who was pre
senting two foreign generals, ablaze
with decorations. No, she was not
dancing, she told them. • The King
couldn't dance, and It flattered him that
she was so well content on the throne
j beside him. The Incident was full of
I significance. He had wealth, social po-
I sition—everything but her—and now it
I seemed that his patience was to be re
! warded at last. What woman could
i hold out In such a fight? The Queen
; sighed and brought him back to earth.
JHe turned eagerly to her. She was
• looking far away. Her thoughts, even
Ito a casual observer, were far removed
j from this crowded ballroom.
"You sighed, your Majesty," he
begged humbly. "You share my throne.
; Let me share your trouble, whatever
it is."
, The Queen laughed merrily. The
Jester touched his bells.
"Margot!" he whispered eagerly,
"Margot!" .j
The Queen ignored the appeal. A
marry crowd of troubadors were ap- j
proachlng and she paid for their com- |
pliments with a fire of smiles and
pretty speeches.
"If you would marry me," resumed !
the old King suddenly when the crowd
departed with backward bows and
obeisances, and they were alone save
for the jester, whom he did not see,
"you shall be queen in a palace as
beautifal as even you could desire."
"Margot!" entreated the jester.
"Love is everything!" The Queen
frowned at him impatiently.
"Marry me." pleaded the old King
hoarsely. "You are not one who can
stand poverty. Your mansion shall be
a palace; your jewels shall rival a
queen's."
"Marry me," whispered the jester,
catching hold of the hand behind the
rose. "To-day I bought a house, Mar
got. True there are but four rooms j
In It, but no place could be half so
dear. You could transform it into a I
home, Margot. I have no jewels but I
those of my 'ove to give you, Margot,
but you know that is true —"
"You shall cruise in a yacht on sum
mer seas," continued the deaf old
King. "And all Paris and London
shall rave of your beauty and your
splendor."
"We could slip off together to the
park," whispered the jester, "to listen
to the band on Sund.iy evenings. Don't
you remember what you told me un
der those moss-draped tree! that
night ?" The Queen toyed with her
fan and sighed.' "I love you! I love
you! I love you," chanted the Jester
passionately.
"As my wife," resumed the King,
"you wiil always be the queen of j
scenes like this." The eyes of the I
Queen swept the house before her.
Tier upon tier of beautiful women
In gorgeous gowns and jewels; men—>
men whose admiration and preference
counted for a great deal; and, above
all else, the atmosphere of wealth and
culture and beauty. Could she afford
to reject it all.
"I am old," the King continued sadly.
"All that Is left In life for me is you!
Surely for the few years remaining—
could you not share them with me.
Think," gently, "what It would mean-
THIS BOY
CONTROLS
A RAILROAD
GURDON THOMSON.
THE State of Missouri has the
youngest railroad capitalist
In the United States in the
person of Gurdon Thomson
Of Glasgow, Mo. He is only
6 years of age and is the youngest boy
in the world, no doubt, owning a con
trolling interest in any kind of a rail
road. He has 100 shares of stock in
the Missouri Central Electric Railroad,
which traverses the river counties
from Kansas City to St. Charles,
thence to St. Louis. Gurdon is the
grandchild of Colonel Price of Glas
gow, Mo., and the shares of stock were
presented to the boy by Colonel Price.
His mother is Mrs. Celeste Price
Thomson. Gurdon Is just large
enough to go to school and still wears ■
waists and knee pants.
$20 A DANCE.
Miss Italia Blair, belle of the recent
charity ball at Chicago, charged ad
mirers $20 a dance, and by strict atten
tion to business and many changes of
partners succeeded in making $200.
Miss Lena Small, hearing of Miss
Blair's scheme, cut the price to $10, and !
she gathered in $120.
Miss Blair is a daughter of Banker
Chauncey J. Blair and is 21 years old.
When Mrs. Palmer heard of the pre
! cedent she said, "Very clever, Indeed."
The ball netted $30,000.
UNCONSCIOUS HUMOR.
Arthur S. Laws, who has been living
In Pendleton with his mother-in-law,
Mrs. Anson Bright, has gone to Ta
coma for a six months' rest. —Pendle-
ton (Or.) Blade.
*
to you—afterward. I ask no love —"
"I am young," the Jester whispered
eagerly. "I love you. Things are be
ginning to change for the better with
me. Can you afford to sell yourself,
Margot, for gold? What are the King's
I millions to my love, Margot?"
Into the eyes of the Queen a great
light suddenly leaped, but she sighed
again when she looked at the King.
One by one the maskers were strag
gling up to say good night. Far over
head the musicians were playing again
"If Ever I Cease to Love," the carni
val air. The King bent wearily toward
her.
' Shall I come for my arfswer to-mor
row?" he asked patiently. Then with
fresh ardor, "You will not walk the
world's way weeping, when the coach
man bids you ride, your Majesty?" he
questioned pleadingly.
"My love," the jester's lips touched
her hand. "If you choose the palace
who will keep my home?" The Queen
suddenly caught the clown's fingers
with a thrilling grasp. Quick as
thought, he slipped a ring on the third
finger of her left hand.
The King and Queen had risen to
depart.
"I shall come for my answer at four
to-morrow," he reminded.
"Why—why not take It to-night," the
Queen asked shyly. "I can never marry
you, your Majesty, because I am to
wed another."
"To wed another?" the King faltered
pitifully. "To^wed—another?"
"This Is he, your the
Queen replied, turning to the jester.
"Think," the King pleaded. Think—"
"The Queen has thought." the Jester
announced in manly tones. And he
knelt and kissed the cold hand of the
King.—(Copyright, I*os, by D. C. Mac-
Leod.)
CAUGHEY'S FINE PICTURE
Large colored lithographs presenting
a blrdseye view of the Lewis and
Clark Exposition are being sent out
from Portland. The picture of the fair
is very handsome and those that see it
cannot help admiring its artistic ex
cellence. It is the work of Rollln
Caughey, an artist who was formerly
connected with the art ataff of The
Call. Th' Oregon Dally Journal in a
recent issue editorially pays a fine
tribute to Mr. Caughey, who, it says,
"in the course of an active life has
done much work of such a quality as
would have won him a national repu
tation had his fo.tunes' taken him to
the eastern section of the country."
MARRIAGE NOT A FAILURE
Judge Hawn of the Leavenworth
County probate court has issued 8300
marriage licenses and Joined 3100
couples in holy wedlock.
This Kansas Judge is credited with
having made $28,000 out of the matri
monial line. He never had any scruples
for charging $5 a couple, including li
cense and ceremony. He always expe
dited business, so that couples coming
out from Kansas City on the electrics
could start back home by the next car.
—Washington Post.
The Smart Set
Away with bridge—if you would be
•.mart. Whist is now the proper caper
in Gotham, bridge being left to the
toiling bourgeoisie.
Tou aye your bridge? To be sure
you do. But can you risk your reputa
tion by clinging to that which the
smart leaders pronounce passe?
Whist—that's the thing now.
And it seems to bave been the thing
for some time "back East;" but we
didn't know it out here by the Western
sea.
Now, however, that the proclama
tions of Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish, Mrs.
Gerry, Mrs. Astor and other arbiters
of "what's what" have penetrated Into
the remote West, surely we can offer
no further extenuation or palliation for
continuing to play bridge.
Alas for the evanescence of* human
Joys!
• • •
The luncheon given yesterday by
Miss Alice May In honor of Miss Paula
Wolff was quite in keeping with the
personality of the clever little hostess.
The table was covered with green
moire, over which was spread white
bobUnet—a physical presentation of
"a matrimonial sea." Suspended above
the table was a golden fishing rod, bait
ed with a golden heart. Fish favors
were scattered about, to be "landed"
by the debutantes, while the matrons'
places were already supplied with a
"catch." This unique conceit was really
good fun. Miss May brought the favors
from Europe, but the plan for this
happy affair was quite her own. In
the happy group were Miss Paula
Wolff, Miss McNab, Miss Jessie Mc-
Nab, Miss Bessie Bates. Miss Helen
Rice, Miss Stelia Fortmann, Miss Millie
Plagemann, Miss Marie Beckingham of
Seattle, Mrs. Joseph Coryell of Menlo,
Mrs. James McGanley and Mrs. Linda
H. Bryan.
• * *
Miss Florence Bailey gave a pretty
luncheon yesterday in honor of Miss
Lurline Spreckels. The table, at which
covers were laid for sixteen, presented
a charming sight with its profuse gar
landing of American Beauty roses and
pink-shaded candelabra.
• • •
James D. Phelan was host at a din
ner last evening given in honor of Mrs.
Augustus Spreckels and Miss Lurline
Spreckels at the Bohemian Club.
m • •
A tea was given yesterday by Miss
Elizabeth and Miss Florence Cole in
honor of Miss Constance Crimmins and
Miss Katherine McCann, the visiting
New Yorkers. In the receiving party
were Miss Constance Crimmins, Miss
Katherine McCann, Mrs. Barry Bald
win Jr., Miss Anita Harvey, Miss Ur
sula Stone, Miss Marjorie Josselyn,
Miss Gertrude Jolliffe, Miss Jane Wil
shire and Miss Grace Buckley.
see
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur McEwen were
entertained on Sunday afternoon by
Miss Miriam Michelson and Miss Julie
Michelson, who bade a coterie of friends
to welcome the wanderers back to the
fold. Among the callers were Mr. and
Mrs. Richard Walton Tully, Miss Ade
line Knapp, Miss Frances Jolliffe, Miss
Ednah Robinson, Mrs. George Sperry,
Mr. and Mrs. James Barry, Mr. and
Mrs. Clarence Smith, Mr. and Mrs.
Augustus Boyer, Mrs. Sanger, Miss
Florence Sanger, Mrs. Pauline Mlchel,
eon and Mrs. Gerberdlng.
• • •
Mrs. Latham McMullin will entertain
at bridge on February 7.
Miss Edna Davis and Miss Sybil
LIFE'S SUNNY SIDE
PROFANE POLLY.
Mrs. Smith—Does your husband
swear off on New Year's day?
Mrs. Wise —Not any more. We've
got a parrot now and it does the
swearing.
HIS JOKE.
Spick—The Russians are rushing a
lot of automobiles to the front.
Span—Yes; I guess they realize that
they automobilixe their troops.
SALLY SHARP
Hodges will be guests of honor at a
large luncheon to be given at the Clare
mont Country Club to-morrow by Miss
Hilda Van Sicklen.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Willi* Davis will honor
their daughter, Miss Edna Davis, by
giving a dance at their home on Scott
street February 17.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Albert N. Drown will
entertain at a dance in Century Hall
In honor of their daughter, Miss New
ell Drown, on February 10.
• • •
Mrs. Mayo Newhall will entertain at
bridge on Tuesday, February 14.
•- * •
Mrs. Alfred Tubbs will entertain at
bridge on Thursday. .
* * *
Mrs. Mansfield Lovell and Miss C. L.
Lovell will be "at home" third and
fourth Fridays in February, 2293 Sac
ramento street.
• • •
Miss Alice Borel and Miss Sophie
Borel are contemplating a European
trip in the early fall. Switzerland will
be their objective point, where they
are in possession of a beautiful Swiss
chateau. Their sister, Mrs, Bovet, is
visiting In the Borel home for a few
months.
• • •
Miss Anna Miller Wood, the Califor
nia contralto, has been the guest of
Rear Admiral and Mrs. Mason in
Washington, D. C, recently. During
her stay a luncheon was given by Mrs.
Herbert Wadsworth, at which Mme.
Schumann-Helnk and Miss Wood were
guests of honor, and later Miss Wood
gave a concert in the Wadsworth ball
room. Among those attending were
Miss Alice Roosevelt, Mrs. Kirke-Por
ter. Miss Tiffany of New York. Many
entertainers showed Miss Wood atten
tion during her visit in Washington,
among others Herbert Putnam, Libra
rian of the Congressional Library, Mrs.
Paul Morion, Mr. and Mrs. Parsons and
Reglna'd de Koven.
A charming girl is Miss Wood, with
a personality quite as fascinating as
her voice.
• • •
Mrs. A. W. Scott Is planning to give
a series of entertainments immediately
after Lent.
! The girl that is popular is the girl
who laughs. Not the glii that sim
pers and puckers or giggles, but the
girl that laughs and means It. The
girl that laughs can have candy and
flowers and theaters every day in the
week. Men flock about her. They
adore her. She laughs herself straight
Into the hearts of beaux and admirers
and straight into all the good times
that a girl can dream of. She laughs,
but she is careful when she laughs.
She*laughs with her beaux, but never
at them. She laughs at what they say
when they say it,« but never afterward.
She laughs at their Jokes, but never
about them. She never laughs at any
one's blunders or misfortunes.—Kan
sas City World.
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 716 Market St.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tbe
Press ClippUff Bureau (Allen's), 30 Cali
fornia street Telephone Main 1042. *
Townsend's California Qlace Fruits
will be found at 10 Kearny street, after
February 2. •
Speck—Smarton married Miss Bllly
uns for her money, and now he leads
a dog's life.
Span—ln what way?
Spick—He doesn't do a thing but
lay around the house and go out a 9*
an airing between meals.
Fud ge —i think Bacon wrote
Shakespeare.
Pudge—Why?
Fudge—Because so many bam
actors play it
THE POPULAR GIRL
Removal Notice.
A DOG'S LIFE.
HIS THEORY.TRAFFIC MEN
VISITING CITY
J. C. Stubbs, T. M. Schu-|
macher and J. A. Monroe
Are Here on Business
WILL GO EAST TO-DAY
E. A.~Ford Comes West to Se
lect New Representative
for Pennsylvania Lines
J. G. Stubbs, traffic director of the
Harrimar lines and vice president of
the Southern Pacific; T. M. Schumach
er, traffic manager of the Oregon Short
Line; J. A. Monroe, freight traffic man
ager of the Union Pacific Company,
and A. J. Dutcher, private secretary to
Stubbs, formed a party that arrived
here yesterday morning and registered
at the St. Francis Hotel. The coming
of Director Stubbs was unexpected,
notwithstanding the fact that he was
known to be in the Northwest, whither
he journeyed several days ago with
Assistant Traffic Director Stohr, who
was recently appointed to fill the place
vacated by Ben Campbell. Stohr left
the party In Poftland and Director
Stubbs and his assistants continued on
to this city.
Director Stubbs* trip to the coast at
this particular time is for the purpose
of inspecting the various departments
under his control, and, incidentally, to
visit his daughter in this city. As
usual, his trip has been preceded by
several rumors, one of which was that
he would soon resign his position, a
report that was denied, by him last
evening, as was also another to the
effect that he would have charge of the
traffic departments of the San Pedro,
Los Angeles and Salt Lake road as'
soon as that new line is ready to do
business. According to Director Stubbs
the Salt Lake Toad will have its own
traffic chiefs, who will act independent
ly of the Harriman directors,
Schumacher and Monroe accompanied
their chief westward, for the purpose
of discussing, with him various mat
ters, among them the future relations
i etween their, respective lines and .the
Salt Lake road as regards freight and
passenger traffic. The party returns
East by way of Ogden to-day.
Last evening's train from the south
brought to the Palace Hotel E. A.
Ford, passenger traffic manager of the
Pennsylvania lines west of Pittsburg.
FOrd -has been in Southern California
for several weeks making changes
there, and. now comes to- San Fran
cisco to select a passenger agent. The
announcement several weeks ago' that
the' Pennsylvania Company was to
create the .new office here brought out
a.large "number.of applicants for the
position; and not a few of the aspirants
hurried to Los Angeles to confer per
sonally with Ford.
•Regarding the appointment Ford said
last night -that he intended to spend
tlie greater part of the week in this city
"and would devote most of his time to
meeting local railroad men who are
anxious to enter the employ of his road*.
•He will announce his selection before
•leaving the city.
Another prominent railroad official
arrived.at the Palace last night in the
* person of W. B. Kniskern. passenger
traffic manager of the Chicago and
Northwestern, who is making a tour Of
Inspection.
MIGUEL ANTONY MUST
DIE ON THE SCAFFOLD
Supreme Court Says Brutal Slayer of
a Needles Chinese Deserves
•Extreme Penalty.
. By unanimous decision of all
seven Justices of the Supreme Court
Miguel Antony must die on the scaf
fold for murdering Lee Gar at Nee
dles on the night of December 20,
1903: The defendant appealed on the
ground that the trial Judge had erred
in chargirg the jury.
The crime for which Antony must
suffer the extreme penalty of the law
was a particularly brutal one. The
prisoner and Trinidad Figeroa, his
consort, learned that the victim, a
Chinese laundryman, had a consider
able, amount of gold on his person.
Late at night they entered his abode,
cut his throat and otherwise mutilat
ed his body , with a i xzor and fled to
Bakersfleld. They were apprehended
a day or two later.
The court also decided yesterday
that- Wong Fook Sam, who was con
victed of perjury in this city, and Wil
liam Kelly, who was convicted of rob
. bery in Los Angeles, must go to San
.Quentin.
SAILORS ENJOY CONCERT
AT SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE
Heroic First Mate Receives Medal
From Royal Humane Society
or New Zealand.
Sailors and 'prentices from every
ship in the harbor attended the conoert
given at the Seamen's Institute on
Saturday. The star number on the
programme was the singing of Mrs. W.
Lathrop. She was applauded again
and again by the enthusiastic tars.
One of the pleasant features of the
evening was the presentation of a
medal from the Royal Humane So
ciety to Anders Lundin for an act of
heroism. Lundin was first mate on
the barkentlne Addenda when she
went ashore on North Island, N. Z. He
volunteered to take a rope ashore
through the boiling surf. He ac
complished the feat. Through his
heroism his shipmates were saved.
The medal was presented by the pastor
of the institute. Rev. W. Digby. The
hero accepted the medal and the com
pliments of the crowd with' becoming
modesty.
Boy Sues United Railroads.
Mrs. Delia Kennedy was appointed
guardian ad litem yesterday by Judge
Daniels In the suit of Herman Ken
nedy, a minor, against the United
Railroads for $290 damages. The
plaintiff alleges that on December 4,
1904, while near the city line, he was
struck by a San Jose road car through
the negligence of employes of the
company and sustained painful in
juries, causing chronic headaches.
POSTTJM CEREAL.
Makes
Red Blood
and plenty of It to keep
one rosy and healthy
POSTUM
In place of coffee and tea.
10 days trial proves.
MAXWELL LOSES
HIS LAWSUIT
TJ/S. District Judge Hunt
Throws the CasS Out of
Court and Gives Reasons
♦
GOVERNMENT NOT PARTY
| ; • —- c
j Litigation Concerning the
Oakland Postoffice Build
ing May Go to State "Court
•
United States District Judgs William
H. Hunt of Montana handed down a
decision yesterday in the United States
Circuit Court in the case of the" United
States, on the relation of John P. Max
well against Augustus E. Barrett,.
Barrett was the contractor who built
the postoffice at Oakland. Maxwell
sought to recover $1776 alleged to be
due for hardware bought by the con
tractor. The American Bonding and
Trust Company of Baltimore, which
was surety for $80,000 on Barrett's
bonds, raised a demurrer to the suit on
the ground that the United States was
not a party to the action and that
therefore the Circuit Court was without
jurisdiction. Judge Hunt yesterday
sustained the demurrer and gave his
reasons for throwing the case out of
court. The decision will be- read with
interest, as it affects a large, number
of similar cases in this State. The fol
lowing Is an extract:
Circuit courts have cognizance ot any con
troversy in which the United States is plaintiff,
in the case at bar the United States is not, in
the- proper sens*, or within the intent of Con
gress, plaintiff in the controversy presented,
ior it is without concern or Interest therein.
Maxwell himself recognized this tact when in
the title of the case he designated himself aa
the plaintiff, when he described himself in tha
body of the complaint as .plafhtiff, and when in
the verification he swore that he was plaintiff.
I think Congress Intended to confer a Jurisdic
tion over suits and actions in which are con
troversies affecting the United States as plaint
iff and in which the Government of the United
States is more than a mere figurehead. • * •
I am aware that the learned Judge who de
livered the opinion In Bolted States vs. Church,
yard, 13"? Fed. Rep. b3, is of opinion tnat in
acUons of this kind C.rcuit courts have juris
diction, but I think he failed to give effect
to the principle that no case is within the
jurisdiction of Federal courts (inferior to the
Supreme Court) unless Congress has unmis
takably conferred it. Support for the con
clusion that this court Is without Jurisdiction
is founded In the able opinions of Judges Baker
and Evans, delivered In United States to use
of Lumber Company vs. Hbderlong, 102 Fed.,
Rep. 2, and United States to use of Stone
Company vs. Sheridan, 119 Fed., Rep 33(1.
The demurrer of the American Bonding and
Trust Company of Baltimore is sustained and
an order will be made dismissing the action
for want of jurisdiction of the subject matter.
CONCERT AT PALACE
ATTRACTS BIG CROWD
Lovers of Music Throng the Hotel
Court and Enjoy the Evening's
Eiitcrtainineßt.
Lovers of music thronged the cor
ridors and grand court of the Palace
Hotel last evening on the occasion of
the inaugural concert of a series to
be given at intervals during the year.
An interesting feature of last even
ing's programme was the introduction
of a large aeolian pipe organ that has
been recently installed on the first
Moor of the handsome hostelry. Al
though the concert had been an
nounced but a day in advance it
proved a great attraction, as evidenced
by the tremendous crowd in attend
ance and Vas voted a success by the
appreciative audience.
Signo'rs Colli and La Puma, the
former singing a selection from "L'Af
ricaine" and the latter a prologue from
"I'Pagliacci," won loud applause and
both were compelled to respond to the
encores. As a concluding contribu
tion they sang a duo from "Gioconda"
that'proved a wonderful test for their
magnificent voices within the deep
court of the hotel.
REAL ESTATE MEN WILL
DISCUSS LEGISLATION
Herbert Burden of Los Angeles Is
Invited to Explain Two
Pending Bills.
Thomas Magee & Sons, Shainwald,
Buckbee & Go. and G. H. Umbsen
have called a meeting of local real
estate men, to be held to-day at 10
o'clock .in the assembly hall of the
Mills building, to consider two bills
Introduced in the Legislature which
largely affect real estate interests.
One of these Is a measure providing
for the elimination of written con
tracts as to the payment of real estate
commissions, substantially the same
that Governor Pardee refused to sign
two years ago. The other is a bill that
emanates from the Los Angeles Realty
Board and has been indorsed by many
real estate men from San Diego to
Fresno. Herbert Burdett, secretary of
the Lcs Angeles Realty Board, will ex
plain the bills in detail at the meeting.
Nap Proves Disastrous.
A nap nearly cost Excelment Reg
nier his life last night. Regnier is
proprietor of a saloon at 24 Pacific
street. Early In the evening he lay
down In a small room in the rear of
the piace and went to sleep, leaving
the gaa burning. A few hours later a
Morse patrolman noticed that the re
sort was closed. Believing that some
thing was wrong he broke In and
found Regnier unconscious, the room
filled with gas. The light had been
blown out by a gust of wind. Regnier
was taken to the Harbor Hospital. He
will recover.
Ends Suffering by Inhaling Gas.
S. H. Kuntz. formerly a quarter
master sergeant In the army at Ma
nila, took his life last night in his
room at 1181V4 EHis street by Inhal
ing gas.* He left a note saying that
he had been suffering for many
months and that he could no longer
stand the pain. A note addressed to
his mother. Mrs. Augusta Strieker of
Warrensburg, Mo., was found among
his effects. He served two terms In
the army and enlisted under the name
of Charles Coleman. He was about
40 years old.
Boy Threatens to Take His Life.
James Calson, a 19-year-old boy, !
who lives at 2910 Seventeenth street,
was brought to the Central Emergency
Hospital last night by Policeman
O'Dowd. The boy has been threaten
ing to take, his life and the policeman,
fearing the youngster might do him
self bodily harm, brought him there.
Several months ago the side of the
boy's face was torn away by a gun
shot wound Inflicted by himself. The
youngster has a ranch In Novato com
ing to him when he Is of age. He is
believed to demented..
Boy Suffers From Home Sickness.
Theodore Biefleld, an 18-year-old
boy, left his home at 424 West Twenty
eeventh street, New York, several
months ago to come to this city seek
ing employment. He haa lived at 116
Taylor and has been unable to secure
employment. He met Policeman
Burns yesterday and told him that he
felt despondent and sick. The officer
sent him to the Central Emergency
Hospital. It was found that the boy
waa suffering from home sickness.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1905.
KING OF FINANCE
FOR A FEW DAYS
Former Soldier Elected Tem
porary Vice President of
a Big Colorado Trust
SIGNING BONDS HIS JOB
When the Work Is Finished
He Will Be Expected to
Hand In His Resignation
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Colo., Jan. 80.—From ser
geant of a company of Uncle Sam's
regulars to vice president of a $45,000.
--000 trust is a far cry, yet Horace Mon
trose, who formerly was stationed at
Fort Logan, has accomplished the
transition by becoming temporary vice
president of the Colorado Fuel and Iron
Company.
Three years ago young Sergeant
Montrose performed the irksome du
ties of barrack life at Fort Logan. The
plain food of the army was his food
and he slept in a bare little room. His
clothing was the rough khaki of the
United States army and his shoes were
thick and* heavy. Now the former ser
geant lounges In a handsomely fur
nished office in Mount Clair, N. J. He
resides in the finest hotel In the town.
The best viands are his daily food,
while they are washed down with the
vintages of France. His Clothing Is
made by a fashionable tailor. Former
Sergeant Montrose smokes big black
cigars, while* he leans back In his ma
hogany swivel chair and puts his pat
ent leather shoes on a mahogany desk.
It is only temporary. It is his duty
to affix his sigriautre to $45,000,000
worth of bends, which a number of
clerks of the Mount Clair Trust Com
pany, which has a contract for signa
tures, sign as the other officers of the
Colorado Company. Forty-five thou
sand bonds of the par value of $1000
each "were to be signed. About 1500
are signed dally. As soon as the work
Is completed former Sergeant Mon
trose Is expected to resign. Of course
he will do so, and next he may act for
some other company, so as to save its
president the trouble and the work.
He secured the clerkship with the
company when he left the army.
LOS ANGELES AND SALT
LAKE ARE NOW CONNECTED
Last Rail of Track Between Two
Cities Is Laid Near a
•Nevada Town.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 30.—The last
rail of the San Pedro, Los Angeles and
Salt Lake Railway was laid at noon
to-day near Good Springs, New There
were no ceremonies attendant upon
the laying of the last stretch of steel
which connects Salt Lake City to-day
directly with Los Angeles and with
San Pedro harbor, but the event will
be fittingly commemorated on a date
yet tp be selected, in which the offi
cials of the road and the chief com
mercial bodies of Salt Lake and Los
Angeles will participate.
DISS FURNISHES BAIL
AND IS GIVEN FREEDOM
Former T Ulroad Official Indicted by
Riverside Grand Jury Is Ar
rested and Released.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 30. —Colonel
J. W. F. Diss, former right of way
agent of the Salt Lake Railroad Com
pany, who was dismissed from the
employ of the company several
months ago for connection with al
leged frauds in his department and
who was Indicted by the Riverside
County Grand Jury last week, was ar
rested here to-day. He Immediately
gave bail in the sum of $3700 and was
release-*.
OAKLAND PAINTER TAKES
HIS LIFE IN SEATTLE
Leaves Note Saying Conduct of a
Woman Caused Him to Commit
Suicide.
SEATTLE, Jan. 30.—Eddie Austin,
a painter and decorator, 25 years of
age, committed suicide in a lodging
house here to-day by taking mor
phine. He left a note saying the con
duct of a woman named May Grant
was the cause of his act. His parents
reside at 1101 Twenty-third avenue,
East Oakland, Cal.
WINDOWS OF RENO STORES
SPOILED BY MISCREANT
Plate Glass Estimated to Be Worth
$2000 Marred hy an Unknown
Vandal.
RENO, Jan. 30.—An unknown mis
creant yesterday destroyed $2000
worth of plate glass In Reno with a
diamond or glass cutter. Nearly every
window in the business section was
defaced In such a manner that the
business men will be compelled to re
place most of them.
EVIDENCE OF THEIR GUILT
IS FOUND ON PRISONERS
Officers Find Bogus Checks on Two
Young Men Arrested In
San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 30.—Two young
men. giving the names of James Mat
thews and R. E. Tourney, were ar
rested early this morning for passing
bogus checks. When searched the
men, who are strangers here, had an
abundant supply of worthless checks
in their possession. .
ENGINEER OF ICE PLANT
MEETS AN AWFUL FATE
Clothing Catches on Shaft and Every
Bone In His Body Is
Broken.
SEATTLE, Jan. 80.—Robert Snlth,
night engineer of the Seattle Ice Com
pany, was killed last night. His cloth
ing caught on a shaft and he was
whirled to death. Every bone In his
body was broken and his clothing
was stripped from him.
ANOTHER EXCURSION.
Thousands ViHt the Grand Canyon.
The Santa Fe's successful excursions
to the Grand Canyon of Arizona will be
continued on Saturday, the 11th, and
Wednesday, the 22nd of February. The
rate, thirty dollars for the round trip, la
the lowest ever made. See this great
gorge, three hundred times bigger than
Yosemite Valley—the Grand Canyon of
Arizona is tho biggest beautiful thing in
the world. Now is the time to make the
trip and see the gigantic gulf in Its most
beautiful aspects. There are two trains
daily from San Francisco, Oakland and
Berkeley to the very rim of the Canytn.
For particulars of the most luxurious
and the most economical ways to go, ad
dress the Santa Fe, 641 Market street.
San Francisco. •
TRAGIC DEATH
OF DIPLOMAT
Anthony M. Keiley, Who
Served as Head of Cairo
Court, Run Over in Paris
HONORED BY CLEVELAND
Was Selected as Minister to
Italy and Later as Minister
to Austria, but Did Not Act
PARIS, Jan. 80.—Consul General
Gowdy has be .-n Informed by the au
thorities that a Btranger recently run
over and killed pn the Place de la Con
corde had been identified as former
Chief Justice Keiley of the Interna
tional Court of Appeals of Cairo, Egypt,
who recently had been residing in Lon
don.
Anthony M. Keiley first came Into
national prominence through his nom
ination by President Cleveland in 1886
as Minister to Italy. His appointment
was canceled on account of the objec
tions of the Italian Government. He
was then accredited by President
Cleveland as Minister to Vienna, but
the Austrian Government also declared
Keiley to be persona non grata, the ob
jection being that he held political and
religious views that were offensive.
Bayard went so far as to nay that
the appointment would be allowed to
stand even though it resulted in a ces
sation of diplomatic relations between
the United States and Austria.
To relieve the administration of Pres
ident Cleveland of further embarrass
ment Keiley resigned and later was ap
pointed to the International Court at
Cairo. He resigned In 1892, owing, it
was understood, to the death of his
wife. His record in Cairo was distin
guished by ability.
Keiley founded and for a time edited
the Norfolk Virginian and the Index
and News of Petersburg. He was
Mayor of Richmond for one term and
was afterward chosen District Attor
ney of that city. For twelve years
Keiley was president of the National
Irish Catholic Benevolent Union. His
brother Is Bishop Benjamin Keiley of
the diocese of Savannah, Ga. Keiley
was about 70 years old.
ACCUSED OF SWINDLING
IN A SCORE OF CITIES
Philip Melntyre. Under Arrest In New
York, Must Face Charges in
Many Places.
NEW YORK, Jan. 30.—Philip Me
lntyre, who was arrested last Satur
day upon the arrival of a steamship
from Vera Cruz on a charge of pass
ing a worthless draft for $800 on a
bank in the City of Mexico, according
to the police, is wanted in more than
a score of cities in various parts of the
United States on charges of swindling.
When Melntyre was arraigned in the
Police Court to-day he was turned
over to the Federal authorities.
Among the cities where Melntyre
is wanted, according to the detectives,
are Deadwood, S. D.; Butte, Mont.;
Everett, Wash.; South Omaha, Neb.;
Douglas, Ariz.; Roseburg and Baker
City, Or.
Melntyre will be arraigned before a
United States Commissioner In the
Mexican extradition proceedings.
According to the detectives, Mcln
tyre's method was to represent him
self as the attorney for the Tennes
see Coal Company and also as a for
mer Prosecuting Attorney of El Paso,
Tex. He is a fluent talker and easily
became acquainted with lawyers,
whom he appointed as agents for the
coal company. He would then ask
the newly appointed agents to intro
duce him at one of the local banks.
» *> ■
CAR SERVICE IN NEW YORK
IS STILL BADLY CRIPPLED
Effort to Thaw Out Frozen Conduits
' Results In Injury to Slot
and Ralls.
NEW YORK. Jan. 30.—Service on
many street car lines operated by un
derground trolley, suspended because
of last week's great storm, has not yet
been resumed, although thousands of
men have been at work clearing the
tracks. The chief trouble has been
found in cleaning out the conduits.
One of the most Important lines still
blockaded is thut on Eighth avenue,
passing along the western border of
Centred Park. No cars are running
north of Fifty-ninth street and it is ex
pected the line will be out of service
for some days to come.
In an effort to thaw out the frozen
underground conduits, gangs of track
men poured great cans of coal oil into
the slot and set it on Are. The blaze
thawed out the conduits to perfection,
but at the same time warped the slots
so that in places it may be necessary
to replace the metal. To add to the
damage the pitch between the Belgian
blocks, being Inflammable, burned out
and made a heat so great as to warp
the rails that are welded together.
WOMEN EAT CANDLES
TO PRODUCE BEAUTY
Illinois Minister Says He Knows Con
gregation Whose Members
Resort to Practice,
CHICAGO, Jan. 80. —"I know of
women In a congregation down In
Kenwood who eat candles to produce
beauty," declared Dr. Camden M. Co
bern, pastor of St. Jameg Methodist
Church, who preached at the First
Methodist Church in Evanston, yester
day. "But neither the diet of candles
nor the mangling of 'beauty doctors'
Is effective. True beauty of woman is
not brought out by these methods; it
must come from a life of beauty and
Christian service."
DEATH OF RAILROAD MAN
SURROUNDED BY MYSTERY
Manager of Oregon Line Succumbs to
Injuries and Burns and Tramp {
Is In Custody.
ALBANY, Or., Jan. 30.—Edwin
Stone, manager of the Corvallls and
Eastern Railroad, who waa mysteri
ously uurned at Newport on Saturday
while in his room at a hotel here,
died to-day of his Injuries. When his
burning body was found injuries on
his head and body showed that he had
been assaulted. A tramp, whom Stone
had refused to give employment, has
been arrested and is charged with as
sault to commit murder and arson.
UPSETS POT OF COFFEE
AND IS SCALDED TO DEATH
Five-Year-Old Boy Meets Awful Fate
While Playing in Kitchen of
Parents' Home.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 30.—While playing
in the kitchen to-day, William Leo
Cunan, the five-year-old son of John
F. Cunan of East San Jose, upset a
large pot of boiling coffee and waa so
badly scalded that he died a few houre
later.
LADRONES ASK
HEAVY RANSOM
Want T\ienty Thousand Pe
sos for Release of Wife and
Children of Ex-Gov. Trias
♦
MILITARY GIVES AID
Martial Law Is Practically
Established in Disturbed
Region in the Philippines
*
MANILA, Jan. 81.—Details receive*
concerning the operations ot Montalon
and Felizardo, the outlaw ladrons
leaders, show that frightful atrocities
have been committed. Natives who
have expressed or shown sympathy tor
Americans have been hamstrung and
their lips cut off. Justices of the Peace
have been abducted and killed.
Among the papers captured at Mon
talon's camp was a document offering
a reward for the head of Governor
Trias and also placihg prices on the
heads of other supporters of the Gov
ernment.
The two bandits are now operating
separately and troops are on the trail
of the bands. Persona faaniliar with
the situation declare that drastic meas
ures are the Government's only re
course.
The indications are that the disaf
fected element is confined to two pro
vinces. General Allan has reported
that the situation in the Island of Sa
mar has greatly Improved.
The ladrones, who captured the wife
and two children of former Governor
Trias In the attack on San Francisco
de Malabon on the night of January
24, now demand a ransom of 20,000
pesos for their release.
Habeas corpus has been suspended
in the provinces of Cavlte and Batan
gas. Major General Corbin is hearti
ly co-operating with Governor Wright
and Is giving him every possible aid
in suppressing lawlessness. Federal
troops consisting of detachments of
picked sharpshooters work In con
junction vith the native scouts and
the constabulary. Federal troops gar
rison the towns and martial law has
practically been established.
The present situation in the two
provinces is partially due to ladron
ism and to disaffection fostered by
the opponents of the Internal revenue
law.
The force of the bandit ladrones is
estimated at 500. The bandits have
intimidated peacefully inclined na
tives, w have been force to assist
them.
Rear Adn. ral v .twltz of the
German squacuw. *n Asiatic waters,
who arrived here on January 18 on
his flagship, the Fuerst Bismarck,
sailed to-day. During the admiral's
stay in Manila he was entertained on
an elaborate scale by the army, the
navy and the civil Government, Major
General Corbin, Rear Admiral Stir
ling and Governor Wright taking an
active and prominent part in all the
festivities.
WOMAN HURT IN CRUSH
ON LINER AT NEW YORK
Attended by Mrs. E. C. Johnson of
Stockton Before Physician
Arrives.
NEW YORK. Jan. 30.—50 large
was the crowd on the port promenade
deck to-day just before the time set
for the departure of the steamship
Yon Moltke to the Mediterranean and
Orient that there was something like
a crush at the doors leading inside. !
Mrs. Allen of Hoboken, N. J., was !
caught near the door leading to the
main companionway and tripping, !
fell, striking her h°ad against the I
step. She Was assisted to a sofa In !
the smoking-room near by. Mrs. E.
C. Johnson, well known In society in
Stockton. Cal., who with her husband
is on her way to Geneva, revived Mrs.
Allen before the ship's physician
could be summoned.
New Province in China.
SHANGHAI, Jan. 30.—A new prov
ince, called Kipghauai, has been
formed from part of the province of
Kiangsu, north of the Yangtse River.
This will divide China proper into
nineteen provinces. En Shun has
been appointed Governor of the new
province under Chou Fu, the new
Viceroy at Nanking.
Prince Eitel Improves.
POTSDAM, Jan. 30.—Following- ia
the evening bulletin of the physicians
attending Prince Eitel Freiderich:
"The Prince had less pain during the
day and slept much. His temperature
this evening is 100; pulse 72; respira
tion 28; appethe good."
KEOKUK, lowa, Jan. 30.—The Commercial
Bank closed to-day. A sign on the door an
nounces that the bank affairs are to be wound
np-
AD V EBTi SLMKNT9.
alljftf For cake Insist
pjjnjßl ou havmg the real
j} LizsiG M
\ Company's |r
' 3p|| Extractofßee* :
-i the oldest, the mostcon- lIKSB.
c<atrated, the reliable. K&
:j)T"CT"Tillll Substitutes pay the dea- nj BJil'
'' jgjgsgjlji."-- Bg*l er jnore P ru fit, but are a Eg l^ffif
P oor ' nvestrQeEt^or i 0U * P|| i ;
ii. .. -nil Jiiil! The bine signature m
on the label show* X j»|
Pa\« r( x DON'T FAIL TO
j COURT Lounging
/Mil room, the EMPIR E
aUM PhRLOR, the
4-. j PALM ROOM, the
linifld LOUIS XV PAR-
UiaillL LOR, and the LA
■j . I DIES' WRITING
Hotels 1 «oo*
CUR| SICK HEADACHE.
■little Genuine Must Bear
g IVER Fac-Simile Signature
ADVERTISEIIiKNTS.
"Where* the
—^^^^
Play* any aert of^m^^»»or^
aW the popular *ong* of th* day. e^^fc^NN-aBW"
km And It la eaaily carried from on* r% — 1 II
fm place to another. Muaic with you \ *f *« M
■B on veranda. In the dining- 111 ■
W anywhere. Nothing to com par* f
H| with th* ZONOPHONE for fun tLW WH I
and Price*. lift, JErik 'BMffJB
det*T*r machine at onoe. Ym
quired 'record*" Or \ AmW
Wm. now; 75c each and AW
m\ upward.
X Kohler <&> Chase
Eatabliahed 1880. JmW
fTh* Largwt Mu*tc Houie on th* Coajrt)
Post and Kearny Sts.
AMUSEMENTS.
mTrVOLIsns
Performance* at 8 sharp.
Special
AoiraoMncemeirat
In order to accommodate thousands of mualo
lovers who have been unable to ccc the per
formances of GRAND OPERA at the TIVOLI.
the management announce an extension of the
eeaaon tor a period of TWO WEEKS.
Grand
Opera
IN ITALIAN.
RESERVED SEATS NOW SELLING.
PRICES—S2. $1 50. $1. 60a
TO-NIGHT. "FAUST," Tetrazzini as Mar*
guerlte; Wednesday Night "LA BOHEMB,"
Berlindi as Mlmi; Thursday Night. "LUCIA,"
Tetrazzini as Lucia; Friday Night, "ZAZA."
Berlindi aa Zaza: Saturday Matinee. "TRAVI
ata," Tetrazsinl as Vtoletta; Saturday Night,
"LA BOHEME" Berlindi aa Mlml: Sunday
Night. "PEARL FISHERS," with Tetrazzini;
Tuesday. Feb. 7, "LUCIA," with Tetrazzini.
I V RV HT HIS W^K
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Creatore
V And Hi* TTATi T » RAID
KwS?tf*t SIXTY ARTISTS.
( *£MHggX Mme. BARILI. Soprano.
*\ * !\llßlt New Programmes Nightly.
Tl l ■ AWP? To-night. "Damnation <rf
A fSBKa Faust"; Wednes., "Verdi"
V. — Ni( , hl; Thurs.. "Special";
JlgVßßg Frl., "Wagner"; Sat., Ital
• mm s, lsn, Sunday, Farewell.
EXTRA MATINEE PROGRAMMES.
POPULAR PRICES, $1. 75c, 60c; Children, 280
at Mats.; Seats Sherman, Clay A Co.'s. „
f CALIFORNIA x
EDWARD ACKERMAN, Leasee and ■
Manager. fit
to nFht 1
E. J. Carpenter's Successful Melo- fJ
drama, I?
A LITTLt OUTCAST!
I A Play of Powerful Heart Interest. |
NEXT SUNDAY EVE—The Noted I
New York Star, m
■ M°. PA'JL C LMO~E I
Presenting Sir Charles Wyndham and 1
John Drew's Famous London and f)
New York Success, *|
THT MUMMY AND THE HUMMING BIRD I
First Appearance of Star and Play la I
This City. j
PROSPER TROUPE;
JOHN and BERTHA GLEESON and FRED
HOULIHAN; JAMES F. MACDONALDt
CAR I Eft De H YEN SEXTETTE;
ALT"IDE CAPTTAINE; BINNS. PINNB and
BINNS; THE GREAT THERESEB; OR
PHEUM MOTION PICTURES, Showing the
Most Beautiful Hand Painted Films Ever
Made, and >
CRESSY AND DAYNE,
Prpsont'nr "TOWN HAU TO-NIGHT."
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prlc** 10c, 25c, ftOo.
ALCAZAH"?aAS-
General Manager.
TO NIGH I—MATS. BAT. AND BUN.
THE GAY ! §S&
LORD QUEX !
VEBY BEAUTTFUL PRODUCTION.
JOHN CRAIG as LORD QUEX.
LILLIAN LAWRENCE as tho Manicurist.
Bvg*.. 26c to 76a. Mats. Sat. tt Sun., 25c to 50c.
SPECIAL MATINEE of Ibsen'a Masterpiece,
Q-iOd i &
POSITIVELY ON THURDBAT, February ».
Next Monday—First Time in Stock.
ARB YOU A MASON?
Funniest of All Farces.
CENTRAL*!?
Market st., near Eighth. Phone South 888.
A melodrama that outdoea anything of its
kind ever written from the pen of the master
playwright of this age of sensation —Theodore
Krcmer.
Powerful Tale of the Japanese-Russian Conflict.
A Prisoner of War
First time on any stag* of th* demon of tha
seas, the submarine torpedo-1»-at.
Complete set of new wireless telegraphy
instruments.
PRICKS—Eve.. 10a to 50c: mats.. 10a. 18a 28a
-
I*lll lIMDIA SAP. FRANCISCO.
VMLUIYIDIA LEADING THEAIIS
NIGHTLY. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Charles Frohman presents
WILLIAM
COLLIER.
In Richard Harding Davit' Faroa,
THE DICTATOR.
Frtcea—fl.6o. fl. 78c, 60c, 25c
NOTICE I As Now Arranged
tha dates for tha
appearance of
MELBA.
and her company at tha
ALHAMBEA THEATEB
ara
TUESDAY EVENING, Fab. T, 1
and
SATURDAY MATINEE, Feb. 11.
SEAT SALE NEXT THURSDAY
at Sherman. Clay tt Co.'s Mualo Store,
Prices—s4. $3. <2 and 81
GRAND £5
MATINEE SATURDAY
This Weak Only
Kirks La Bhelle Announce* the Farewell
Appearance of
J. H. Stoddart
BONNIE BRIER BUSH
Assisted Paajkan Fa y And an Excellent
BT MCSsTSM fa A Supporting Company
HiMrlftmnt Begins Next Monday
«UW m ERLANOERTS
MIOHTT BEAUTY SPECTACLE.
MOTHER
GOOSE
s»o nr yROT>TTcnow
Meat l Thursday |
LYRIC TO-HIOMT
HAI ' Thurs. Hlwht—*at. Mat.
THE NOVELTY OF THE SEASON.
DOLMETSCII
Assisted by
Mrs. Vme'sc■« n fa hi>en S'lmoi
la Concerts of Old Music on the Original
Instruments—Harpsichord, Lute, Virgins Is
Viols of all kinds, etc.; a collection valued
at $16,000.
SEATS. $1.50. $1, 75c.
Extra— D P/IKffMAW, Planlat
FAREWELL CONCERT
Next Sunday Afternoon at 2:80
Popular Prices, $1 80, $I—Box Office Now
Open, Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
THE STAB TRIO
Aad s Splendid Snow Every Afternoon
aad Evening In the Heated Theater.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE JOHNS I OWN MOOD
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE
RARE AND INTERESTING ANIMALS
IN THE ZOO.
Latest Novelty, THE WONDERS COPE.
Amateur Wight aad Electrlo Fountain
Thursday.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN ft*
When Phoning Ash for "The Chutes."
fiacing! 0> Racing!
New M*T Jockej
California Club
OAKLAND TRACK.
Racina every week day, rain or shine.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
SIOOO Handicap, to Be Sua Wednesday,
Tmh. 1. 810,000 Bans Handicap,
to Be Boa Saturday. Fab. 4.
For special trains stopping at the track take
S P Ferry, toot of Market street, at 12:00,
12-30 1:00, 1:30 or 2:00. Returning train*
leave'the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and Im
mediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS
HEATER
TONY LUBKLSKI. Gen. Mgr.
HIGH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE.
. 10c and 20c. Children 10a
• Afternoons, 2:30 Evenings, 7:30 aad *,
CONTINUOUS BAT., SUN., HOLIDAYS.
2 to 5 and 7 to 11 p. m.
TEN GREAT ACTS. New Moving Platan*
910
NEIL RULES A 10 TO 6 FAVORITE OVER UNTRIED OPPONENT
MISTY'S PRIDE WITH JAKIE JONES IN THE SADDLE
IS GIVEN A STIFF ARGUMENT BY TRAMOTOR
Three Public Choices Finish in Front at Oaftfand Course
Track Suits Barrack
and He Gallops
In First.
BY FRED E. MUI HOLLAND. j
Tramotor, a three-year-old from the |
Blute stable, had the backers of Misty's j
Pride, favoritevfor the laat event on the
card at Oakland yesterday, standing on
tiptoes for the fractional part of a sec - j
ond. The track was exceedingly slow j
and heavy and nine out of ten specta
tors seemed, to have a hunch that the,
Oregon mare would meet defeat. She
escaped, but It was a very close call. |
Jakie Jones rode the first choice and
Bad his mount out in front soon after j
the start. In the stretch Mcßride on I
Tramotor moved up from third place, I
challenging the leader. The daughter
of Handsome and Misty Morn showed j
she was made of the right naterlal by i
standing off the clever three-year-old,
and in a long hard drive earned the
verdict by a short neck. Sea Voyage
ran third.
Public choices held their own, cap
turing three purses. Barrack, Best
Man and The Hawaiian all reached the
wire first at remunerative odds. The
usual crowd of regulars attended the |
racing.
Seme very vigorous saddle work on
the part of Bonner contributed largely
to the win of the opening event by The
Hawaiian. The books laid 5 to 1 about ■
the McCafferty entry, which in a driv
ing finish earned a neck decision over
Trapsetter, the pacemaker throughout,
Sam Greenfield finished third on Pen
cil Me, a 12 to 1 shot. Lloyd Fountain
rode a weak race on Doublet, the fa
vorite.
M. J. Daly's colt Golden Idol, at odds
of 11 to 10, took the three-year-old spil
ing sprint from an ordinary lot. My
Order and Lily Golding cut out the
early pace. The former quit In the
stretch, but the filly stood a hard drive,
even though beaten nearly half a dozen
lengths. My Order lost the show to San
Jose.
A barrel of coin was burned up over
the poor showing made by Sir Preston,
even money favorite for the five-fur
long dash. The paddock contingent
a went with the talent, and the sprinter
ran unplaced. Finishing strong on the
outside through the stretch, Best Man,
the third choice, ridden by Travers,
won easily from Pure Dale, a 20 to 1
shot. Slow to leave the barrier, Edu
cate nosed Sir Preston out of show hon
ors.
Tony Barrett's old campaigner Bar
rack made a show of his company In
the mile and fifty yard selling fixture.
Held a 6 to 1 chance throughout the
betting, the going was made to order
for the brown horse, and he finished
five lengths In advance of Cincinnatus
at the wire. The latter closed equal
favorite with Barney Drey fuss, Modi
cum finished fourth, a nose behind In
strument.
Dora I, a 6 to 5 favorite, piloted by
Mcßride, led from start to finish in the
seven-furlong run. also decided under
selling conditions. Tommy Clark
brought Foxy Grandpa up from sixth
position, downing Box Elder a head for
the place. Follow Me faded away in
the stretch.
TRACK NOTES.
Walter Jennings will give Dainty
and Rockaway their preparation for
the Burns handicap at Inglesirl tack.
Jimmy McLaughlin has wired from
Los Angeles for two stalls at Oakland.
The noted ex-jockey is going to try
and win the big handicap on Saturday
with Pasadena. **"
L. A. Bonsack, who started Judge
Denton in the last race, has sent to
L(fs Augeies for High Chancellor and
two others of his stable. High Chan
cellor is entered in the Burns handi
cap.
Handicapper Horace Egbert was
confined to his home by illness yes
terday. In his absence Sam McGib
ben saw to it that the riders made
their correct weight.
Charley McCafferty will lu<ve quite
a stable if the selling- races hold out.
He boosted Golden Idol from $500 to
$1100 ant' Mike Daly let the colt go.
The stable connections bet on Judge
Denton. The Judge, however, bears
the reputation of being an uncertain
gambling proposition.
The field in the Burns handicap to be
run on Saturday will probably be made
up from the following list of entries:
Claude 137, Dainty 125. Honiton 119,
Elliott 11 fi. Schoolmate 116, W. R.
Condon 112, Ananias 111, Fossil 110*
Pasadena 109. Horatius 109, Rock
away 107. Veterano 107, High Chan
cellor 106. Gateway 105. Divina 105,
Flying Torpedo 105, Military Man 105,
Bombardier 105, Hooligan 101.
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••ot
BE A BOY AT 60
« There's no rational excuse for a man
who Is not yet sixty years old crunUng
and complaining about pains in his back,
stiffness in is is shoulders and legs, that
'tired feeling." weak back, nerves, indi
gestion, constipation and failure of vital
ity. It should not b*. Nature started
you with a constitution that ought to
have held.you good until you are eighty
and you ought to feel like a boy now.
But you have overdone sorfto things and
wasted your vitality. Youj still have the
constitution, ?>ut lack the force. That's
electricity. You know tltat electricity
is vitality. I can restore !t.
Mr. H. A. Lehndorff, proprietor of the
Fernando Hotel. Fernando. Cal.. !• a
sample of what my Belt wilt da. Mr.
Lehndorff Is one of the best known men
in Southern California. He has been res
ident of the valley for years, is a O. A.
R. veteran, and owns th« respect and ee
t*er» of thousand* of people who know
hittt socially and In business.
Mr. Lehndorff waa a sufferer from the
pangs of rheumatism for a long- time.
He tried everything known to doctors for
„ the trouble, and never got any lasting
r benefit until be gee'd Dr. McLaughlin's
} Klectrlc Belt. lie 1* now a well m«n. emd,
•ays he will praise the Belt for all t*ma»
as the best remedy known for this terri
ble trouble.
I have cured Lhouaands of men who have equgadered the savings of
years in useless doctoring.
An old man of 70 says he feels as strong and young »• ha did at SS.
That shows It relays the vigor of youth. It cures Rheumatism, Seiatfe
Pains, Lumbago, Trouble, banishes pain In a night never to. return.
FDFF RilalK ymy Belt - w rlte me to-day for my beautiful llhis-
I rvLL uuun L rated book, with cuta showing how my Bel* is applied,
full of good readin.7 matter for men who want to be "The Noblest Wprgj of
God"—A MAN. Inclose this ad. and I will send this book. Sealed, feee.
C/LL TO-DAY— It yot*can,call and see toe and I will ahow you how yon
can be cured and give you <at free test of my Belt. CONSULTATION FREE*
DR. M- C. McLAUGfILIN B °^S*iS^f^
Office Hour:,: ia. m. to Bp. m. Sunday*, li to 1.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND—Monday., Jan. 30. Weather cloudy. Track heavy.
Horse and Owner.
tt-
tt.
tt. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
7782 iThe Hawaiian. 4 (Wilson).. .|107| 2 ... 6 1 4 % 2 2 In Bonner ....
7773 jTrapsetter. 4 (X.. H. Email)..1105] 6 ... ittlttltt2« Barrett ...
7787 Pencil Ma, a (Mra. Grshlni).|l02l S ... 95 62 4 x, 3 4 I Greenfield .
7786 (Rosebud. 6 (C. Parker) jlOO: 3 ... 8 1V43 n 5 n 4 1H]0. Chandler
7774. |Doublet, a (D. 8. Fountain).. 1102 6 ... 4 2 6 iy.7 1%5 HjlL.. Fountain
7793 Greenuck, a (J. Woods) Ilto] 9 7 h 7 % 6 % 6 n jH. Michaels
7773 ISlllcate. 4 (A. E. Barrett)... |100| Z ... 2 h 2 1HS 4 7 4 [McBride ..
7760 Olaudator. 6 (Blackburn) 1071 4 ... 6n96 82 82 W. Knapp.
7774 Recipe, 5 (J. Hackett) |10T.! 1 ... S ft 8 1%» 5 9 5 C. Kin*....
7792 \b. Fowler, 4 (Capps A Co.). 1110,10 ... 10 10 10 10 |J. Boyd
Id' * .'
4
5
6
4
3
8
6
8
3o
30
Time— :26. :52, 1:17. At post % minute. Off at 2:12%. Hawaiian, place, 2; show, 6-5.
Trapsetter, place. 7-2; show, 9-5. Pencil Me, show, 5-2. Winner, eh. g. by Figaro-
Queen Papiolant. Trained by C. C. McCafferty. Scratched—Zenonian. Carter H. Har
rison Jr.. El Moro. Start good. Won all driving. Bonner on winner outgeneraled
Barrett, picking: the better going for The Hawaiian. Pencil Me well ridden. Too far
for Rosebud. Doublet received weak handling. Greenock won't do. BU!cate quit.
'; 3-ycar-olds; value to
Horss and Owner.
• tt. tt-
tt. Str
(77til)!Golden Idol (M. J. Daly) £
7787 jUly Uoldtng- (J. T. Collins).. |II
7707 San Jose (G. W. Wilson) 111
7781 I My Order (H. K. Rowell) 11
7781 Grenore (J. Davis) -...A !
7791 (Calculate (D. 9. Fountain)..., 1
7797 (Lady Fashion (Mrs. Miller).. II
7756 iPousse Cafe (W. Roche) 1<
« ... 3 *4 3 8 2 b 15
1 ... 1 H 2 Ittl 1 2 2M
3 ... 74 52 52 Sni
2 ... 25 1 % 3 3 4 2 u
7 ... 6 n 4 4 42 5%
5 ... 68 tin ti 4 M
6 ... 4%75 76 78
8 ... 8 8 8 8
y...
o ..
6-6 1110
80 40
16 IS
8-6 8-6
10 15
30 15
20 30
60 60
r
Time—:2s%. :52, 1:20%. At post % minute. Off at 2:86%. Idol, place. 2-5; show. 1-5.
Golding. place, 15; show, 6. Jose, show, 8-5. Winner, eh. c. by Golden Dawn-Vestalle
Trained by M. J. Dalv. Start good. Won easily after an early drive. Balance driv
ing. Winner bid up from $500 to $1100 by C. C. McCafferty and sold. Winner best.
Lily Golding ran a clever race. My Order Is not game. Grenore outsprinted.
i;
Horse and Owner.
wt|St. %.
%. 6tr. Fin. |
Jockey.
7<iS5 Best Man, 6 (H. E. Rowell).jl06
T786 Pure Dale, 0 (J. Hoeppner).. 101
7798 Educate, a (S. A. Hoppas)... ;104
7792 Sir Preston, 5 (Scharctg)... |101
7T86 Yellowstone, 6 (W. P. Fine) 107
7787 standard, 4 (J. J. McAlester)! 92
Mount Diablo. 4 (F. Becker)! 99
Golden Eagle. 4 (McAbee & D)lt02
B ... 8 h 3 * 4 1
4 ... 43 In-In 23
8 ... 7 i, 6 2 'i B n j
1 ... 3 n 4 H » 2 4 2 j
2 ... 2 % 2 % 3 n r» 2H
7... 8 63 6162
6 ... 6 n 8 7 6 7 10 !
3 ... 1 h 7 3 8 8
, aicrtnae ..
3
IS
4
6-5
6
30
30
SO
! Minder ....
j Barrett ...
It7» T TM V. ...» A
F. Hilbrand
\ Clark...
Time—:2s. :53%, 1:08%: At post % minute. Oft at 3:03%. Man, place, 8-5; show, 4-6.
Pure Dale, place, 6; show, 2. Educate, show. 11-20. Winner, b. g. by Florist-Effle C.
Trained by H. E. Rowell. Start good. Won handily. Balance driving. Best Man well
ridden. Pure Dale showed improvement. Educate slow to get away or she might have
won. Sir Preston was cut off in the stretch and apparently did not fancy the going.
Yellowstone passed the buck. Golden Eagle showed speed before being cut on".
Horse and Owner.
tt.
tt-
%. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
CI.
77S2 Barrack, a (A. E. Barrett)..1
f7799) Clnclnnatus, 5 (Mrs. Brute)..(l
(7702)(Instrument, 4 (Balrd A Co)|l'
7801 jModlcum. 5 (D. S. Fountain) :1'
7795 jMr. .Farnum. 5 (G. Wilson!.. !l
778S iBarney Dreyfus?. 4 (DeNe(Te)l I
4 6 4 2VA 2 14 15 Minder ....
1 1%12 22 21 26 Greenfield
: 6 3 % 2 2 36 .': 4 8 rs Alarle
j 3 2 4 S t* 4 % 4 4 4 3 U Fountln
2 5 h 6 6 6 5 3tt Bonner
I 5 4 % 5 3 51 5tt6 McBrtde ...
«
5-2
3
4
15
4
■ : ' '—- ■ '
Time—:26«i, :52*4, 1:19 8 ;. 1:19, 1:52%. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:27. Barrack, place.
2; show, 4-5. Cincinnatus, place, 11-10; show. 3-5* Instrument, show, 11-20. Winner,
br. h. by Bersan-Fable. Trained by A. E. Barrett. Scratched—Frangible. Start poor.
Won epsing up. Balance driving. Track made to order for Barrack. Cincinnatus bore
In on the rail, where the going was deep.- Instrument ran to form*. Barney Dreyfuss
made a dismal showing for a horse so well played.
FIFTH
Ij 4-year - olds a
vtTstT**. %.
ind up; selling;
%. Str. Fin.
up;
Horse and Owner.
CI.
77S0 iDora I, 6 (J. Ryan> 11021 2 1 % 1 1 1 1%1 1 1 3%|McBrlde ... 7-B 6-5
7322 Foxy Grandpa. 4 (Mrs. Coffey) 103 6 52 61 68 4 t£ 2 h IT. Clark... 15 15
7752 Box Elder 4 (J. I. Moran).. 106j 5 2 1 34 33 8 1%3 3 Bonner 5 5
77711 Flaneur, a (Bianchi & Co.).. 104| 9 10 7 % 7 2%7 1 4 % F. Sullivan. 10 10
6768 i Expedient, a (G. H. Thomas) 1091 4 7 n84 85 86 62 J. Jones 50 40
7743 IFollow Me, a (Moshler Bros.) 109j I 3 !4 2 n 2 >,4 6 2 IT. Knapp. 5 13-2
7779 fellas. 5 (W. E. Cotton) 105 3 4 % 5 2 4n 5 7 n Bell 40 60
(7795) | Blackthorn, 6 (C. P. Fink).. 1121 7 62 4n 6 «i 6 2 8 8 Alarle 6 7
74C0| L. Fisherman, a (Brcly & Co.) 107jl0 9h91 91 98 98 Alvarado .. 50 60
7705 |Bcb Palmer, a (J. J. Coalter) 103| 8 8 3 10 10 1010 Anderson .. 40 60
Time— :25V-. :62U, 1:21. 1:35. At post 2 minutes. Oft* at 8:55. Dora, place. 8-5; show,
1-3. Foxy, place, 6; show. 3. Elder, show, 7-10. Winner, br. m. by Eagle Plume-
F.-o'U. TYaii-.ed by G. Wentworth. Scratched—Bard Burns. Start good for all but
Flaneur. Won easily. Balance driving. Winner had the speed of the bunch. Foxy
Grpndpa. nicely ridden, uutstaved •*»"< Elder. Flaneur closed up a deal of ground. Ex
pedient will do at a longer route. Follow Me quit. Hellas had speed. Blackthorn ran a
mild race.
SIXTH R.V
up; purse; to
Horse and Owner.
tt.
*4. Str. Fin.
<77Sl)IMisty's Pride. 5 (S. J. Jones)
7781 ITramotor. 3 (Mrs. Blute)
7791 |Sea Voyage, 3 (Mrs. Miller)..
591S iMcdred, 4 (K. A. Smith)
7784 M. A. Powell, 3 (G. Wilson)..
Judge Denton, 4 (Bonsack)..
61S3 |Har\-ester II. 3 (M. J. Daly)..
111 4 ... 12 12 11 lh I
97 2 ... 3 ?%2 1%2 2 2 7
07 5 ... 6 4 4 n 4n 31
106 1 ... 5 % 6 6 6 3 4 2%
92 3 ... 2%3%3%55
110 7 ... 4h51 B H 6 H I
89 6 ... 7 7 7 7
ti Jones....
dcBrlde ...
r. Clark...
Greenfield .
8-5
4
15
50
10
6
100
raylor ....
r.
Time —:25, :53 1:11%. At post % minute. Off at 4:22%. Pride, place. 2-5; show, 1-5.
Tramotor, place, 1; show. 2-5. Voyage, show, 3-2. Winner, eh. m. by Handsome-
Misty Morn. Trained t>y S. J. Jones. Start good. Won In a hard drive of two. Third
easily. Mlaty's Pride displayed marked gameneFs or tli<- 3-year-old would have lowered
her colors. Sea Voyage ran well. Modred had speed and will do next time ou*. Powili
ouit. Judge Denton an uncertain peri'ormer.
Errata —In race 7796 Venator's weight should be 109 pounds.
HANDICAP IS
THE FEATURE
The handicap at six furlongs is the
feature of the sport at the track across
the bay this afternoon. Among the
starters are Venator, Sais, Ishlana and
San Nicholas.
r'irst race—Futurity course, four-y.ear-olds
ami up, selllnr.
6063 Kermit (Long) 110
77."><; Saintly (Crowe) 107
7493 Estraza K'hlopek) 105
77S(> Hugh MoGowan (Dyer) ~..10G
7786 (Neal) 102
7593 Tannhauser (Hayes) 98
774.'' "Lurene (Moormead Farm) 103
7721 Lost Baby (Goff) 103
7807 Follow Me (Mozier Bros.) 114
(7SO3)The Hawaiian (Wilson) .- 103
7780 Fort Wayrc (P.os?) 110
77«<ft *Dr Sherman (Hoppas) 109
7777 Carllee (Redemeyer) f 108
Second race—Three and a half furlongs, two
year-olds, selling.
(7785)*1'm Joe (Steel) 104
THE SAN JRANCTSCO CALL. TUESDAY. JANUARY 31. 1905.
LIKELY WINNERS
AT OAKLAND
BY FRED E. MTJLHOLLAND.
First race—Dr. Sherman, Lurenc,
Follow Me.
Second race—Abe Meyer, I'm Joe,
Southern Lady.
Third race—Frangible, Vigoroso,
Trapsetter.
Fourth race—Sals, Ishlana, San
Nicholas. t
Fifth race—Ponapa, Troy, Doublet.
Sixth race—Halnault, North West.
ByronerOale.
* ■ ■ — -~ ■ 1-
-7601 Lady Catherine (Harris) 104
7725 Dora Gentry (Stanfleld) 104
.... Dangerous Girl (Murray) 105
Eddie Jones-Dangerous Maid
(7738) Abe Meyer (Stover) 106
7785 •Southern Lady (Spratt) 09
.... Laura M (De la Montanya) ,104
Elector-Clara Fields.
.... 'Easter Morning (Mi-A.bee A Davis)...lo2
Eagla Plume-Fortuna 11.
Third race—Ona mile, four-year-olds and ud
selling.
7863 •Trapsetter (Eaell) 9(
TBO.I Mount Diablo (Becker) oa
7771 Play Ball (Daly) " 101
7753 "Cinnabar (Chappeil) ' " ©i
7795 Estoy Llsto (El Prlroero Stable). .*.".!'.10*
.795 "Inspector Muroo (Fox) 100
7795 •Vigoroso (Appleby ie Co.) ' 'io*»
"78S Frangible (Curl) 'ioj
•714 Tom Riley (Hoag 4b Co.)* . 96
Feurth race—Sla furlongs, taree-year-olde
and up, handicap.
TTM San Nicholas (Ryan) tig
7794 Sale (Bluts) '108
(I794)lehlena (Ryen) loa
?78« Venator (Miller) 116
7901 Matt Hog at» (Roml«h) 84
Fifth racs—Fl»s nirlosge,
and up, selling.
779T «Mectne (Ezell) g4
7571 Isto Gratiot (Multnomah Stable).... 107
7tsT Pachaca (Napa Stock Farm) OS
7634 Ponapa (Smith) 103
7«8» Troy (Gilbert) 104
7503 "Doublet (Fountain) 99
767S ttaiwtlli (Dayton A Kahn) 103
7808 Recipe (Hftckett) 102
778* Alt* G (HertS?U> 107
4721 Cigarette (Whitman) .....109
77*8 Capitol (Blackburn) 100
•lath race—Ons milt and flfty tarda,
fout-year-alds and up, eel'.tngt.
770* Byronerdale (Crane) , 113
("SODMajor Tsnnjr 'Multnomah Stable) 113
"901 Serenity (Dayton m Kahn) 102
77H.4. *Red Cross Nurse (Fleur de Lis Btb).loi
(?7fes»eFly(Sg Tornado (Eaell) tOS
7779 Dtrksama (Toahey) 104
(7T«9)*Hainenlt (Rcavey) tOB
?7 TO •North Weet 'Figaro Stab Is) 101
•Apgrmttce allowance.
New Pitchers Signed.
Ifikc Fisher haa signed MeAf£«§. a
big aouthpaw from . Oroville. sic
Affee ia taid t» be a second Rube
Waddell and pitched with much true
cesa in the busheg last season. Mor
ley has secured Goodman of Nevada
fee bia team. The southern magnate
is anxious to trade Brashear for some
likely man, though so far ha haa met
with go •usees*
AWAKENING
COMES HOME
AT 15 TO 1
New One at Ascot
Fur nisties a
Surprise.
e»
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 30.—Awaken
ing, a new starter at Ascot, furnished
the surprise of the day by winning at
15 to L Two favorites, two second
choices, one heavily played third choice
and an outsider were successful.
Merces, played from 10 to 1 to 5 to 1.
romped home in front. Weather clear;
track fast. Summary:
First race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Freesias, 106 (Perrlne), 2 to 1, won; Ml
Relna. 105 (Lynch) 8 to 1. second; Straggler,
111 (J. Booker), 4to 1. third. Time. 1:40%.
Anirad, Dr. Clark, Churchllght, Lady Rice.
Louwelsea. Pastmaster. Conceit. Ed Gulnsberg
and Count Rudolph also ran.
Second race, five and a half furlonga, sell
ing—Merces, 107 (Dugan). 5 to 1. won: Linda
Rose, 112 (Fuller). 7 to 2, second; Crown
Princess, 107 (McDanlel), 2 to 1. third. Time,
1:09. Lou Merrell. Kitty Roark. Fer de Lanoe
and Lady 'also ran.
Third race, six and a half furlongs—Ara bo,
108 (E. Walsh). 2 to 1 -aon; Tim Payne, 116
(Tooman), 16 to 6, second; Kenilworth.lls
(Fltzpatrlck), 18 to 5, third. Time, 1:20%.
St. Winitride and Fustian also ran.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, sell
ing—Golden Light, 105 (W. Miller). 6 to 1,
won; Helgerson, 100 iMoriarlty). 10 to 1, sec
ond; Position, 109 (Tooman). 5 to 2, third.
Time, 1:54%. Ray and Akeia also ran.
Fifth race, five furlongs-Awakening, 95
filler), 15 to L won; La Loude. 107 <True
bel). 2 to 1. second; Gold Enamel, 110 (Mc-
Danlel). 6 to 2. third. Time. 1:0 L ~ a * er -
McGetta, Buckster, Dixelle, Ben Eric, Belle
Kinney and Primero also ran.
Sixth race. mile, selling-Eleven 8e115,,100
(McDanlel), 5 to I, won; Bandillo. 106 (Hel
gerson), 12 to 1 second: Metlakatla. 103 (Mor
larity), 10 to 1, third. Time. 1:42. Varro,
Canejo. Albert EnrUht. Great Mogul, Huapala.
Bessie Welfley. The Lieutenant, Miss May
Bcwdish and Gentle Harry also ran.
Hot Springs Results.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark., Jan. 20— Results:
First race, three fui'ongs—Saldora won.
Mathes second. Temple third. Time, :38.
Second race, five and a half furlongs—Get
tysburg won, Ike second, Clifton Boy third.
Time. 1:13%.
Third race, rix furlongs—Bensonhurst won.
Colonel Simpson second, Chancy third. Time,
1:20%.
Fourth race, one mile and twenty yards—
Toscan won. Possession second, King Ells
worth third. Time. 1:48.
Fifth race, six furlongs. Black Art won,
Pancreatls second, Our Llllie third. Time,
1:19 2-5.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards—
Ben Heywood won, Tetenoir second, Falkland
third. Time, 1:53%.
New Orleans Results.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 30 —Results:
First race, six furlongs—Fallona won, Long-
Days second, Isabella D third. Time, 1:18 4-5.
Second race, three and a half furlongs—Mo
saic won, Leonard Joe Hayman second, Chaun
cey Olcott third. Time, :44 4-5.
Third race, six furlongs—Ralbert won, By
Play second, Norwood Ohio third. Time, 1:18.
Fourth race, one mile—Forehand won. Gar
nish second, Lurallghter third. Time, 1:46 2-5.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles—Joe
Lesser won. Lady Charolot second, Seashark
third. Time. 1:54.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs—Little
Red won. Gladiator second, Sharp Boy third.
Time, 1:10 3-5.
FLETCHER ESTABLISHES
NEW RECORD FOR AUTOS
Drives His Machine a Hundred Miles
In Marvelous Time
Of 1:26:38.
ORMONDE, Fla., Jan. 30.—A new
world's record for motor cars has
been made for 100 miles. H. W.
Fletcher, driving an 80-horsepower
car, covered the distance to-day in
1 hour 26 minutes and 38 seconds, an
average of 4S 2-5 seconds to the mile,
and beating all other contestants by
about three minutes. Ten of the fast
est cars started In this race.
The second race, five miles, open,
for the W. Gould Brokaw trophy, was
won by Edwartl R. Thomas, 90-borse
power. Time. 3:30 1-5.
Three cars started in the five-mile
Great Ormonde handicap, being the
winning cars in previous events. Sar
tori, in Alfred G. Vanderbilt's car,
won In 3:57 1-5; E. R. Thomas sec
ond, 4:02 1-5. and William Wallace
third, 4:04 1-5.
BAN JOHNSON FRAMES UP
SCHEDULE FOR THE SEASON
Says American Ixaiguc Will Not Ac
cept Proi>osition Made by Minor
Organizations.
NEW YORK. Jan. 30.—After a long
conference here with H. C. Pulliam,
president of the National League, Ban
Johnson, aresident of the American
League, has practically fixed up the
playing schedule for the coming sea*
son. Johnson arrived from Washing
ton, where he succeeded In effecting
the sale of the American League club
In that city to local capitalists.
"1 have gone over the schedule with
President PulJlam." he said, "and
everything will be satisfactory. There
will be only five conflicting dates In
this city, as against eleven last year.
The New York Americans will open
the season on April 14 at Washing
ton and will come back here to open
American League Park on April 21.
The season will close October 8. This
will leave only seven days for the
playing of the world's series.
"As far as the demands of the
minor leagues are concerned, the
American League will never accept
the proposition they have submitted."
The schedule meeting of the Ameri
can League W iU be held in this city
February 20 and that of the National
League either on that date or Febru
ary 15.
Footballers' Stag Party.
The Albion Rover Association Foot
ball Club will hold a stag party at
Gier's Hall, 511 Fourteenth street,
Oakland, this evening. The entertain
ment will be under the patronage of
the Albion Lodge of the Sons of St.
George.
Last night the Alameda Hospital
Corps and the Alameda Eagle football
team gave an amateur theatrical en
tertainment In Guild Hall, Grand
street and Santa Clara avenue, begin
ning at 8:90. There waa a good at
tendance. .
Ladies in a Golf Tournament
The ladies of the San ' Francisco
Golf and Country Club will play a
handicap tournament over eighteen
holes, medal score, on the Presidio
course this afternoon at 1 o'clock.
This la the event that was set down
for last Tuesday, but waa postponed
on account of rain.
Next Tuesday the second competi
tion of the present season for the
Council's cup for women will begin
and continue for the following two
or three days on the Presidio links.
Spracklin Heats Miller.
DETROIT. Jan, #o.—Willie Sprack
llh of Windsor, Ont., got a decision to
night over "Dusty" Miller of Chicago
after ten rounds at the Detroit Ath
letic Club.
FAST BOUT IS EXPECTED
WHEN TINY MEN HOOK UP
Neil's Friends Think He Can Subdue Hyland
in Jig' Time Because of His Experience.
When Frankle Nell and Dick Hy
land match their skill and aggressive
ness to-night at Woodward's Pavilion
the question of whether a tough,
untried amateur boxer can wrest the
laurels from a hard puncher who has
met and defeated the best men of his
weight In the world will be settled.
Neil's reputation is at stake, while
Hyland's fate weighs In the balance.
Neil rules a 10 to 8 favorite over Hy
land.
It will be a fight of Californlan
against Californian. Both boys started
out in practically the same way. Neil's
rise was meteoric, for when he once
struck his gait he sustained a wonder
ful pace and won the praise of box
ing fanciers from ocean to ocean. Hy
land has managed to plug along, slow
but sure, and has the novel experi
ence of being pitted against a world
beater in his maiden professional at-
tempt.
Many theories are advanced by the
knowing followers of the game. Those
who fancy Neil's chances say he will
wade into his green opponent and
win the battle inside of ten rounds.
Hyland's backers are willing to con
cede that Neil will make a plaything
out of the amateur for a few rounds,
but then they look for Nell to blow
up and for Hyland to land one of Ais
telling punches.
No matter who wins, the fight will
surely be one replete with incidents.
Neil has always adopted the rushing
style of going and invariably starts at
his man when the bell brings them to
the center of the ring. Hyland's best
chance lies in his ability to weather
the storm of a few grueling rounds
and show his ability to carry the fight
to his opponent.
"Fighting Dick" has rarely met a
man of his own weight. He won many
a victory over a lightweight and has
met and defeated featherweights ga
lore. He is slow to start and clumsy
to gaze upon, but possesses the stam
ina and has invariably displayed game
ness in his numerous four-round en
counters in the amateur arena.
Both boys are trained to the hour
and neither can reasonably complain
of lack of condition when the mill is
over. The weight has been practically
an easy matter for each lad. Both are
of rugged build and young in years
and consequently the rigors of hard
training have not dragged or fagged
them.
Neil did a little light work at his
training quarters in San Rafael yes
terday and took a train for this city
early in the evening. He will take a
run this morning, visit the rac *»*ack
in the afternoon and expects to step
on the scales at the ringsidf well un
der the 122 pounds stipulated weight.
In his corner he will have Young Cor
bett. Frank McDonald and Tim Mc-
Grath.
Hyland rested practically all day
yesterday. He will take some light
exercise this morning and then rest
till the hour of battle. Ho expects to
break camp at 1« o'clock and spend the
afternoon with his family. In his cor
ner he will be waited on by Jack Mc-
Cormack. EUly McDonald. Mark
Shaughnessy and Jim McDermot.
The sale of seats has been exceeding
ly large and as the prices are all on
the popular order a big crowd Is ex
rected. The winner of the bout will
probably be matched with Jim Bowker
for the bantam-weight championship
of the world.
The betting opened at 2 to 1 In Neil's
favor yesterday morning, but *• a few
hours the price rose to 10 tc 5, and
these odds prevailed throughout ,the
night. The change came as a surprise,
for the sports looked for 10 to 4 as the
odds. It Is likely that the men will
enter the ring with Neil selling at 10
to 7. for Hyland's backers are coming
to the front rapidly.
NELSON STILL AFTER BRITT.
Battling Nelson is still on the trail
of Jimmy Brltt. Billy Nolan, man
ager of the Great Dane, yesterday
made another futile attempt to in
duce the native son to sign for a bout
with the battler. Britt will not talk
fight for the present, so it now looks
as though Nelson will hook up with
Corbett next month.
It was expected that the pair might
be signed last night, but Nolan will
not come to terms with the Denverite
till he tries Brltt a few times more.
Then there Is a little trouble about
the division of the purse and Nolan
and Morris Levy, manager of the San
Francisco Club, will have to settle
that between them.
Nolan says he will pit the Dane
against Britt on any terms the latter
may desire. The weight does not fig
ure, says Nolan, neither does the di
vision of the purse. The only stipu
lation he makes Is thst Billy Roche
be barred aa referee. Nolan says Nel
son Is also open to boy Gana at 138
pounds at $ o'clock.
PERSONAL.
L. Van Dusen of Uklah la staying at
the Grand.
M. S. Sayre, a Lakeport attorney. Is
at the Lick.
H. R. Warner of Byron Spring! lg at
the Occidental.
Attorney Charles F. Crotherg of Ban
Jose Is at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. Dan Murphy of Log
Angeles are at the Palace.
John G. North of Riverside registered
yesterday at the St. Francis.
Judge E. M. Rosa Is up from Log An
geles and staying at the Palace.
E. R. Baxter, a wealthy canning man
of Portland, Me., and wife are among
the latest arrivals at*the St. Francis.
Charles A. Baldwin, the well-known
young capitalist, returned yesterday
from Colorado Springs and la at the
Palace.
Californians in New York.
SEW YORK. Jan. 80.—The follow
lngaCalifornians arrived in New York
to-day:
From San Francisco—Mra J. Far
rell and Miss Farrell. at tho Navarre;
E. R. Mausy and wife, and A. Mc-
Namara, at the Herald Square; Mlsa
M. Ryan, at the Hotel Astor; D. M.
Schoenfeld. at the Herald Square; R.
Smith, at the Hotel Bartholdi; A. T.
Sutherland, at the Broadway Central;
Dr. J. Taft and wife. It the New Am
sterdam; C. F. Traning, at the Sin
clair House; H. L. Hunt, at the Algon
quin; Miss E. Lucas. L. Ransohoff and
wife, at the St. Andrews; W. R. Ring,
rcae and wife, at the Empire; F. H.
Stocker, at the Imperial.
From Los Angelea—Miss Reese, at
the Spaldina; H. E- Smith, Mrs.
Churchill and Mrs. O, H. Churchill
at the St." Denis; 1,, Sayre, at the
Grand Union.
Given more of en opportunity on
horse* possessing- a. chance to win,
Jimmy Clark would make a reputa
tion for himself. He rode an excel
lent race on Foxy Grandpa,
TWO CALIFORNIA FEATHER-WEIGHT BOXERS, PRODUCTS OF THE AMA
TEUR RANKS WHO WILD CLASH IN THE RING AT WOODWARD'S PA
VILION TO-NIGHT UNDER THE AUSPICES OF THE SAN FRANCISCO CLUB.
CALIFORNIA
TAKES A LEAD
Sigourney Captures First
Game in Billiard Tourna
ment From New Yorker
CHICAGO. Jan. 30.— W. H. Sigourney
of San Francisco won the first game,
class A, amateur billiard tournament
begun at the Chicago Athletic Club to
night. His opponent was Charles S.
Norris of New York.
When the Pacific Coast representa
tive reached the COO mark his oppo
nent's score was but 212. Sigourney's
average was S 4-37, while that of Norris
was 5 22-36. Although defeated, Norris
made the high run duiirfg the contest.
When Sigourney fell down on an easy
shot, having only one point to go to win
the game, Norris, who had been play
ing In hard luck all the evening, made a
run of 46. He was too far behind his
opponent, however, for the run to do
him any good, and Sigourney ran out
the necessary 300 on the next time up.
Sigourney started off In the lead with
a run of fourteen. Norris' first inning
netted him four points. Sigourney con
tinued to lead up to the sixth Inning,
when Norris, with a run of twenty
nine, gained a lead of two points. In
the next Inning, however, Sigourney
again forged ahead with a run of four
teen and remained In the lead until the
finish.
Sigourney played a consistent game
all through the contest, while Norris.
who appeared to be in bad form, waa
rather erratic, missing many easy
•hots. He had twelve goose eggs scored
against him in the thirty-six Innings
played. Sigourney made seven goose
eggs, and this cut hie average down
during the latter part of the contest.
On account of the sickness of hia
father in San Francisco, H. A. Wright
tbe other Pacific Coast representative,
withdrew from the tournament to-day
and left for his home to-night. Thii
leave* but nine men to contest for th<
Brooklyn Eagle cup and the varioui
other prltes offered by the Chicagc
Athletic Association.
Clergy Consider Many Matters.
"The Far Eastern Crisis and Its Re
lation to China" watf exhaustively
treated by the Rev. Ng poon Chew
yesterday before the union meeting
of ministers held under the auspices
of the Presbyterian Ministerial Asso
elation. The Rev. J. j. sitton pre
sided and through him the large gath
ering gave the speaker a hearty vott
ot thanks for his able presentation ©1
the subject. The matter of«the re<
renting of the building conducted by
the Ladle*' Seamen* Friend 3oei*tj
to that organization came before thi
minister* and waa referred to the In
dividual meetings of the denomim*.
tiona represented by the clergy. Tht
Rev. George W. White came with a
message from the committee which it
considering civic conditions, and il
praising th* work ot the Grand Jurj
the meeting resolved to acknowledge
.it* "honest and manly efforts."
PATROLMAN'S PISTOL
WOUNDS TWO MEN
Accidental Discharge of Weapon In
jures Himself and Another and
Allows Disturber to Escape.
Patrolman Russell of the O'Farrell
street station and William Johnson,
309 Point Lobos avenue, were slightly
wounded last night while In quest of
Stephen Harkens, a disturber. The
policeman's revolver accidentally ex
ploded, wounding him In the leg and
Johnson in the arm.
Russell and Johnson were climbing
up to a shed in Harkens' back yard
to arrest him for raising a disturb
ance. The gun exploded before the
ascent was made, and both men fell
to the ground. In the meantime
Harkens made good his escape. The
injured men were treated at the Park
Emergency Hospital. Their wounds
are not serious.
BALK OF IRON WORKS CONFIRMED.—
rjMted States Circuit Judge Morrow yesterday
confirmed the sale ot the Union Iron WcrS*
to George R. Sheldon, representing the "ship
building trust."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DISEASES
Altoona, Pa., Jung 20, 1903.
I was afflicted with Tetter in bad shape.
It would appear ia blotches as large as my
hand, a yellowish color, and scale off.
You can imagine how offensive it was.
For twelve years I was afflicted with this
trouble. At eight it was a case of scratch
and tnaqy times no rest at alt Seeing Ihe
good the medicine wag doing a friend
who wag taking it for Eczema, X com
menced it, and as a result the eruption be«
fan to dry np and disappear, and to-day
am practically a well man. Only two
tiny spots are left on the elbow and shin,
where once the whole body waa affected,
t have every confidence In the medicine,
and feel sure that in a short time these
two remaining spots will disappear.
8. S. S. is certainly a great blood puri
fier, and has done me a world of good.
I am grateful for What it has accom
plished, end trust that wbat I have said
will lead others who are similarly afflicl
ed to take the remedy and obtain the
same good*re*ultg that I have.
125 East Fifth Aye. Joans P. La a*.
While washes, soaps, salves tad powde.
relieve temporarily, they do not reach iht
real cause of the disease. The blood must
be purified before the cure is permanent.
S.STS. contains no potash, arsenic or nun-
Orel of any description, but is guarantecc.
purely vegetable.
any who write vi
The Swift Swecifiu Uempauy, Atlanta, G*>BATTLESHIP OHIO ANNOUNCES APPROACH TO PORT
BY WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY WHILE SIXTY MILES OUT
Monitor Warning From Bremerton Is Here for Ammunition
Steamship Curacao
Brings Treasure
From Mexico.
The United States battleship Ohio,
Captain Logan, returned yesterday
from a cruise in Magdalena Bay. The
monitor Wyoming, bound from Brem
erton, met her big sister outside the
heads and In company the two fighting
machines; came In through the Golden
Gate. The Wyoming is bound for San
Diego and put in here for ammunition
aud stores.
Long before the Merchants' Ex
change observer at Point Lobos sighted
the Ohio the warship was in wireless
communication with Mare Island, Yer
ba Buena, Point Reyes and with Den
nis O'Brien. Captain Logan did not
know he was talking to Dennis O'Brien
and as far as O'Brien was concerned
the conversation was all on the other
side.
O'Brien is Interested in numerous
inventions and among the scientific ap
paratus of which his laboratory at 106
Union Square is a maze is a wireless
telegraphy outfit. The instrument was
tuned to catch any aerial talk that
might happen to be floating about and
at 4 o'clock yesterday morning O'Brien
was awakened by the ringing of an
electric bell, which to-ld that his word
trap had caught a conversation. He
went to the instrument and found that
talk waves from one of Uncle Sam's
finest battleships had washed against
the receiver and touched off the alarm
which had disturbed his slumbers.
The Ohio asked for Goat Island and
when Goat Island answered, the opera
tor at the naval training station was
informed that the Ohio was sixty miles
away, homeward bound. Captain Lo
gan asked to be reported to Mare Isl
and and notified the commandant of
the navy yard that the Ohio would
proceed to her anchorage off the Union
Irem Works.
The Ohio asked and obtained the cor
rect time. Then the battleship was
supplied with the latest news from
Russia and Japan and furnished with
a few items of social interest in naval
< ircles. In return the Ohio told Goat
Island how the big battleship's engines
had worked during the trip.
The officers of the battleship sent
messages to fair friends in San Fran
< isco, and when both sides were talked
out the letter V was sent every five
minutes for the purpose of testing the
working of the apparatus. The Ohio
began calling Goat Island and ringing
Dennis O'Brien's bell at 4 a. m. She
entered the harbor at 9 o'clock.
The Ohio has been away for about
two weeks. Captain Logan overlooked
the quarantine boat, but when Pilot
Jordan called his attention to the ap
proaching General Sternberg the Ohio
returned to the quarantine limits and
hoisted the yellow flag as evidence of
submission to the Federal health reg
ulations. Everybody on the battleship
was glowing with health and the Ohio's
detention was brief.
At Magdalena Bay the Ohio's big
guns had a chance to speak right out
in war time style, and although the
oificial report of the firing test will
not be made public until it has reached
the Navy Department the Ohio's offi
cers appear to be satisfied that the bat
tleship's heavy battery will be able
to give a good account of itself when
called upon.
The Wyoming, Captain Roller, had a
stormy passage from Puget Sound. The
toast defense ship lies low in the water
anyhow, and the waves through which
she made her southern way were un
usually high. With only her super
structure above water for most of the
time, the Wyoming came through the
ordeal In good tihape. No damage was
done to the vessel, no member ,of the
crew was injured and the run from
Premerton to San Francisco was made
:n three and a half days.
Nearly Runs Down Launch.
The careless manner In which the Southern
Pacific freight ferry steamers Transit and
Thoroughfare are handled has become a by
word on the bay. When there Is any pos
sibility of collision these two big boats come
together and they are both dreaded by the
pilots of all the passenger ferries. The
Thoroughfare, Captain Erdman in command,
yesterday narrowly ,-scaped running down the
Crowley launch Guide, which was loaded with
passengers. The Thoroughfare was bound from
Central Basin to Oakland and the launch from
Mission Bay to Vallejo street. The launch
had the ferry-boat on her port bow and had
the right of way. In accordance with the
rules of the road the launch sounded one
whistle, which the Thoroughfare ignored.
Three times did the launch signal without re
sponse from the Thoroughfare. Then the
launch blew four whistles, saying In signal
language, 'T do not understand." Still silence
from the Thoroughfare, whioh by this time
was close to the launch. Then, when it was
too late for the launch to change its course
the Thoroughfare blew two whistles, meaning,
"I am going to violate the rules of the road
and pass you to the left. Get around under
my stern." Had the launch stopped or tried
to pass under the Thoroughfare's stern noth
ing could have saved the Guide and her ayis
sengers. The engineer hooked on his gasrWlne
engine and crossed the Thoroughfare's bow,
getting past by a very narrow margin. P.
Figari, who was in charge of the Guide, Is a
licensed engineer and a complaint against
Captain Erdman will be lodged with the United
State* inspectors.
Is Eighty Years Old.
George Johnson, who is engaged In the min
ing department of the Risdon Iron Works
and Is one of the oldest mining men in the
country, to-day celebrates his eightieth birth
day. In spite of his years Mr. Johnson puts
In a Sail day at the Risdon Iron Works six
times a week and is younger In energy than
many men of half his years. He devotes all
his attention to the Intricate mining ma
chinery with which he is so familiar and with
the present high development of which his
Inventions have had much to do. He was
born In Ireland, January 31. 1814. He came
to America when he was fourteen and crossed
the plains to California in 1850. From 1855
to 1861 he was Under Sheriff of Placer County
nnd killed the notorious outlaw, "Rattlesnake
Dick," in Auburn. Johnson Is prominent In
th* affairs of the Miners' Association.
Curacao Arrives From Mexico.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's Cur
acao, Captain Swanson, arrived yesterday from
Ouaymas and way ports. The Curacao's out
ward voyage was very stormy, but coming
home the weather was fine all the way. The
Curacao brought 1100 tons of cargo, treasure
from the Mexican mines valued at $200,000,
and- eighteen passengers. Among these were:
("aptaln A. Brooks. Thomas Jackson, John Fin
nan, Byron Hall. Franklin Hartey, C. Torres,
Mrs. W. H. Burke, Mrs. Thomas Smith. Vera
and Hosmar Smith P. Gartner; Giust. Philip,
May and Gertie St. Leon, Susana Valdez, Ed
-ar Doucke and Frank Garcia.
Ashore at Point No Point.
The schooner David Evans, bound from Ev
erett for San Diego, went ashore yesterday at
Point No Point, Puget Sound, during a heavy
blow. She was towed off at high tide and
taken to Port Ludlow for survey and repairs
if neceasary.
Australian Mails Late.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner So
noma Captain Harriman, will not sail until
8 o'clock Thursday night, owing to the late
arrival at New Tork of the British-Austra
lian mall. The Sonoma will carry a large
number of passengers for Honolulu and the
Antipodes, and will take a full cargo.
Water Front Notes.
The Pacific Mall freighter Algoa has arrived
at Yokohama from Hongkong.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner Si
erra, from this port, arrived yesterday at Auck
land.
The vessels on the overdue list are quoted
as follows: Stork, 80 per cent; Robert Rick
mere, 90 per cent, and the Noemi. 10 per cent.
The Matson Navigation Company's steamer
Rosecrans, Captain Johnson, arrived yesterday
from Hilo. Her cargo included 1700 bunches
of bananas and twenty crates of pineapples. \
The schooler Vine, which arrived yesterday,
was eighteen days making the trip from Eu
reka .
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship Eurasia, which arrived at
Victoria from London on Saturday, was char
tered prior to arrival for lumber from Puget
Sound to Valparaiso for orders at 36s (2b ttd
less direct), Pisagua range (option of Callao),
at 32s Ud.
Correction.
The cargo taken for Japan by the steamer
Manchuria, hence January 28, wa? valued at
$1,024,712. and that for China at $54,299, the
values reported In Sunday's issue being in
correct.
Two Cargoes for Hawaii.
The bark Martha Davis was cleared yester
day for Hilo with an assorted merchandise
cargo, valued at $20,6~v>, and including the
following:
38 bbls flour, 2617 otls barley, 17,463 lbs
bran, 135,000 lbs rice, 3096 gals wine, 300 bales
hay, 40 crts potatoes and onions, 93 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 17,162 ft lumber, 2300
bbls lime, 200 pcs sewer piper, 6 kegs spikes.
1 roll leather, 1 automobile, 40 cs oii, 8 car
boys acid, 250.000 lbs fertilizer, 952 pkgs pipe,
2 cs dry goods, 2000 lbs tobacco, 2 cs arms and
ammunition, 8 cs boots and shoes, 3 pkgs
bicycles.
The schooner Defender was cleared yester
day for Honolpu with cargo consigned to the
port of destination and other Hawaiian ports.
The cargo was valued at $11,614, and included
the following:
270 bbls flour, 2298 ctls barley, 60 ctls,
wheat. 4750 lbs salt. 54 cs canned goods, 2T>
bbls salmon, 44 pkgs groceries and provisions,
4 bbls vinegar. 900 lbs lard, 7686 lbs middlings,
25,000 lbs rice, 23.311 lbs bran. 300 lbs cod
fish, 6 cs bread, 296 lbs tea. 400 lbs cheese.
400 lbs sugar, 80,000 lbs cement, 10,890 gals
distillate. 100 redwood poles. 8 kegs nails, 40
cs blasting powder, 2 cs caps and fuse, 25 cs
coal oil. 3 cs drugs, 13 pkgs paper. 53 cs paint,
lO cs oil, 15." bbls lime, 3 pkgs acid, 5 cs tur
pentine, 13 pkgs windows, 2 pkgs machinery,
8 coils rope.
Exports by the Peru.
The steamer Peru sailed on Saturday for the
Isthmus of Panama and way ports with a
general merchandise cargo, valued at $113,
--995, to be distributed as follows: For Mex
ico, $10,959; Central America, $18,274; Pan
ama, $1S)85; Colombia, $32x2; New York, $70,
--983; Ecuador, $165; Chile, $156; Jamaica $100;
Italy, $6880; Austria, $211. The leading ex
ports were as follows:
To Mexico—24Bo lbs tea, 5 bbls flour, 62
crts potatoes, 15 sks onions. 20 pkgs fresh
fruits, 102 pkgs paste, 297 lbs spices. 735 lbs
sago, 683 lbs bread. 10 cs mineral water, 343
gals 11 cs wine. 33 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 19,793 lbs tallow, 100 flasks quick
silver. 4 coils rope, 2 pkgs machinery, 24 cs
paints and oils, 5 cs drugs, 32 pkgs pipe, 62
sks coke, 12 bdls 119 bars Iron, 34 bars steel,
18 cs arms and ammunition, 15 bdls oars, 170
boiler tub»s, 205 bdle shooks, 4 cs dry goods.
To Central America—2722 bbls flour, 582
gals 64 cs wine, 528 lbs raisins, 150 ctls corn,
2805 lbs spices, 10.160 lbs lard 500 lbs rice.
18 cs canned goods. 570 lbs dried fruit, 320
lbs meals, 24 pkgs fresh fruits, 17 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 16 bales leather, 240
kegs powder, 2 cyls ammonia, 100 cs 10 bbls
coal oil, 3 bbls tar, 115 pkgs paints and oils.
To Panama—274o gals wine, 60 crts pota
toes, 1887 lbs shrimps, 250,325 lbs asphaltum,
9 pkes millwork.
To Colombia—2o3 bbls flour, 1060 gals wine,
5 crts paste, 7 cs canned goods, 1520 lbs salt.
9 cs saddlery.
To New Y0rk—71,062 gals 1 cs wine, 1716
cs canned salmon, 97 flasks quicksilver, 23
Tkgs machinery, 450,400 lbs pig lead, 9 cs
drugs, 200 blls sperm oil, 250.325 lbs as
phaltum, 60 bales cattle hair, ICBS -lbs old
lead. 27,910 lbs dry hides, 155 bales Junk, 2
kegs olives. 1 cs whisky. 1 cs beer.
To Ecuador—3oo gals 3 cs wine.
To Jamaica —25 cs canned salmon.
To Italy—lß7.o3l lbs bluestone.
To Austria —12 pkgs shells.
Notice to Mariners.
HUMBOLDT BAR—CALIFORNIA.
(List of Lights. Buoys and Daymarks. Pa
clflc Coast, '1904, page 33):
Notice 19 hereby given that the flrst-class
spar buoy, black, No. 1, marking the outer end
of North Jetty, Humboldt Bar, California,
heretofore reported dragged, was replaced Jan
uary 20. In 24 feet of water, on the following
bearings: Humboldt Unused Lighthouse, E %
N; tree on Red Bluff, SE \ E; Humboldt
Lighthouse, S.
By order of the Lighthouse Board,
W. P. DAY, Commander, U. S. N.,
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
die city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; tbe height
of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 31.
Sun rises "7:16 a. m.
Sun sets 5:32 p. m.
Moon rises 4:13 a m.
! Ft.
Ft.
Ft.
31 I 1:45 2.9) 8:04 5.7 S:l
1 2:42 3.0 8:56 5.8 3:1
2 3:32 3.0 0:44 C.8 4:1
3 4:19 3.0 10:28 B.7 5::
H W ti W H 1
4 0:23 4.8 5:03 2.911::
5 1:00 4 8 5:47 2.811 :'
6 1:32 4.8 6:28 2.7 12::
7 2:00 4.8 7:12 2.6| 1:1
4.8
4.5
4.7
I::
1:1
NOTE—In the above exposition of the tides
tbe early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings ot the United States
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1905.
BATTLESHIP OHIO AND MONITOR
WYOMING. WHICH ARRIVED IN
PORT YESTERDAY MORNING.
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( —)
sign precedes the height, and then the number
gtven is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference la the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, TJ. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 30, I#o6.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNBTT,
Lieutenant. U. S. X., In charge.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
F. Leggett....
Meteor
v- . ->
Norwood
Senator
Santa Cruz...
Pom>;
Eureka
8. Barbara...
Breakwater... 1
W. Kruger
Jeanie
O. LindaUer..
Korea j
Nebraskan....
Pomona I
City Sydney.. |
Point Arena.. j
Queen j
Steamer.
From. I Due.
Portland A Astoria [Jan. 31
Oyster Harbor IJan. 31
San Pedro IJan. 31
Puget Sound Ports IJan. 31
San Pedro A Way PH. Jan. 31
Point Arena * Albion.. Jan. 31
Humboldt Jan. 31
San Pedro [Feb. 1
Coos Bay IFeb. 1
Grays Harbor !Feb. 1
•Seattle & Tacoma IFeb. 1
: Grays Harbor Feb. 1
; China & Japan Feb. 2
Honolulu & Kahulul... Feb. 2
Humboldt , F?b. 2
I New York via Ancon.. Feb. 2
] Mendocino A Pt. Arena, Feb. 2
jSan Diego A Way Pts. Feb. 2
jCoqullle River Feb. 3
Portland & Astoria Feb. 3
j Coos Bay & Pt. OrfordjFeb. 3
Portland & Astoria ]Feb. 4
! Newport t Way Ports. I Fete. 4
I Puget Sound Ports IFeb. ft
Humboldt 'Feb. 5
Humboldt Feb. 15
j San Diego A Way Pts. Feb. 6
Honolulu Feb! 7
Wlllapa Harbor Feb. 7
Portland & Way Ports. Feb. 8
Portland A Astoria Feb. 8
China & Japan Feb. lo
Puget Hound Ports Feb. lo
Seattle A Tacoma Feb. 10
Elizabeth
Costa Rica
Areata
Cascade
Coos Bay
City Puebla
Corona
Arctic
■tat* of Cal...
Alameda
Sequoia
F. Kilburn...
Columbia
Coptic
Umatilla
Centennial
TO SAIL.
'. Deggett..'
rorwood .
1. Dollar...
'. Nelson...
an Pedro...
1
Orona
.rctlc
olumbia...
)oe Bay...
'. Kruger..
ureka....,
uric -
moma
trtacis
ate of Cal.
imo
January 31.
Los Angeles Ports.i
I Seattle direct ....
j Grays Harbor
jHumboldt
'Humboldt
February 1. j
Humboldt
Humboldt .:..*....)
Astoria & Portland
Astoria & Portland
Newport & Way..
February a.
Loa Angeles Ports.
Humboldt ;
China & Japan....
Sydney A Way
Hamburg & Way..
| San Diego A Way.
iPt. Arena & Albion
| Grays Harbor
Seattle A BUnghm
February 3.
Coos Bay direct....
San Pedro * Way.
I February 4.
Point Arena
ICoquille River
j Puget Sound Ports.
[N. Y. via Ancon..
Humboldt ]
February 5.
Seattle A Tacoma.
San Diego & Way.
rAhmir* A. I
12 mjPler 2
3 pm Pter 2
4 pm'Pler 20
5 pm|Pler 20
4 pmiPler 2
il:30p!Pler 9
I 9 am I Pier 2
II amjPler 24
|12 mlPler 27
I 9 amlPler 11
I
am| Pier 2
9 amjPler 13
1 pmiPler 40
8 pmiPler 7
|12 miPler 19
9 am | Pier 11
tt pm Pier 2
4 pm Pier 10
4 pmiPler 10
! 5 pmlpier 8
I 9 amlPler 11
I
I 4 pmiPler 2
B pmiPler 20
I II am Pier 9
112 m'Pier 40
1:30 p|Pler 9
5 pm Pier 20
9 amjPler 11
II ami Pier 24
11 amjPler 7
10 am Pier 11
11 am|Pler «
intralla...
aimer
S. Cru*
Point Arena.
Elizabeth...
Senator
San Juan...
Pomona
Jeanie
Queen
Costa Rica..
■reoruary a.
Aft.jri.-i & Portland
February 7.
Tahiti direct
Mexican Ports ....
February 9. j
Puget Sound Torts.
Mariposa...
Curacao....
City Puebla.
FROM SEATTLE.
City..
■r
II
i'.V.'.V.
Skagway tt Way Porta
Cooks Inlet tc Way Pts.l
Skagway & Way Ports.
Skagway & Way Ports, j
Se Id a via & Way Ports, j
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, January 80.
U S stmr Wyoming, Roller, 3% days from
Bremerton.
U S stmr Ohio, Logan, 8% days from Mag
dalena Bay.
Stm Olympic, Hansen, 60 hours from Grays
Harbor, bound south, put In to land passen
gers.
Stmr Corona,. Olelow, 20 hours from Eureka
Stmr Del, Norte. Payne, 32 hours from Cres
cent City. '
Stmr Tamploo, Roberts, 4 days and 7 hours
from Tacoma. . .
Stmr Rosecrans, Johnson, 8 days 18 hours
from Hilo.
Stmr Despatch. Weber, 40 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Signal, Bendegard, 52 hours from Coos
Bay. c
Stmr State, of California, Thomas, 40 hours
from San Diego, etc.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20 hours from Mon
terey. . .
Stmr Curacao, Paulson, 12 days from Guay
mas, via Ensenada 48 hours.
Stmr Bee, Wehman, 27 hours from Alcatraz
Landing.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, 74 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound south, put in to land
passengers.
Stmr- Scotia, Johnson, 11 hours from Bow
eas Landing,
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO, J,an. 30—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston 26-16 New York 20-16
Chicago 16- 4 Philadelphia 24-16
Cincinnati 20-19 Pittsburg 20-12
Honolulu. H. 1.. .70-64 St. Louis 22-10
Jacksonville 64-54 Washington 28-20
New Orleans 60-40
SAN FRANCISCO 54-48
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
seasi n and rainfall In the last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 01 21.94 23.85
Red Bluff Tr. 21.60 18.62
Sacramento Tr. 11.84 5.15
San Francisco Tr. 14.10 7.10
Fresno 00 6.93 1.47
Independence 00 0.97 • 0.42
Ban Luis Obispo 00 8.67 1.90
Los Angeles , 00 6.13 0.57
San Diego 00 4.77 0.46
I
o
6TATIONS. I
h si a*
Ms 9 * 3
c | i
3 3 :
»
H
cr"*
•1
o
a
SE.
Bakw IA0.10 M If W v Snow Tr.
Carson 29.84 56 34 SW Cloudy .00
Eureka' 20.516 56 52 N ' Pt.Cldy. 01
Fresno 20.88 62 40 NW Cloudy .C)
S.E. Farallon.29.86 57 54 S Cloudy .01
Flagstaff 29.98 50 10 SW Cloudy .M>
Pocatello 30.02 32 2S NW Snow xY.
Independence .29.86 58 32 SB Cloudy .00
Los Angeles. .29.94 70 44 W Pt.Cldy .00
Mt Tamalpais.29.R7 54 49 S Foggy Tr.
North Head...29.96 48 36 NE) Clear .00
Phoenix 29.88 76 46 NW Clear .00
Pt Reyes Lt..29.82 62 52 SB Foggy Tr.
Portland 29.98 46 34 E Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.92 56 44 SW Rain Tr.
Roseburg 29.90 48 42 N Cloudy .29
Sacramento ..29.90 52 44 NW Cloudy Tr.
Salt Lake 29.92 42 36 SW Cloudy .00
San Francisco.29.92 54 48 NW Cloudy Tr.
San L. (>bispo.29.94 68 56 8 Cloudy .00
Ran Diego....29.92 68 46 SW Clear .00
Seattle #. 30.12 42 32 NW Clear .00
Spokane 30.20 34 24 N Clear .00
Oescent 30.12 38 38 E Clear .00
Walla Walla. .30.18 34 26 SW Cloudy .00
Wlnnemucca .29.88 50 30 SW Cloudy .00
Yuma 29.88 76 62 S Pt.Cldy .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure ts falling rapidly over Wash
ington and Northern Oregon. Conditions are
favorable for the development of a moderate
disturbance on the California coast.
Light rain has fallen In Northern Callforinla.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 31:
California north of Tehachapi—Cloudy, un
settled weather Tuesday, with showers; fresh
south wind.
California south of Tehachapl—Cloudy Tues
day, probably showers; fresh southwest wind.
Nevada—Cloudy Tuesday: light rain.
San Francisco and vicinity—Cloudy Tuesday,
with showers; fresh south wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity—Cloudy, unsettled
weather Tuesday, probably showers; "fresh
southwest wind.
Sacramento and vicinity—Rain Tuesday;
fresh south wind.
Fresno—Cloudy Tuesday, probably showers;
fresh south wind.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
* ~ +
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, 3 hours from
Bolinas.
Schr Vine. Dannevlg. 10 days from Eureka.
Schr Irene, Mitchell, 10 days from Columbia
River.
CLEARED.
Monday, January '30.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nicolson, San Pedro; P C
5 S Co.
Stmr Umatilla, Nopander, Victoria and way
ports: P C S 8 Co.
Bark Martha Davis, Macloon, Hilo; O. Welch
6 Co.
Schr Defender, Helllngsen, Mahukona; Hind,
Rolrih & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, January 30.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, Ran Pedro.
Stmr Umatilla, Nopander, Victoria and Puget
Sound ports.
Stmr Acme. Reed, Eureka.
Stmr Olympic Hansen, San Pedro.
Stmr Brunswick, Ellcfsen. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Brooklyn, Clarkson, Mendocino.
Stmr Despatch, Weber. Astoria.
Stmr Sequoia, McClements. Wlllapa Harbor.
Fr bark Max._.Gulllon, Queenstown.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan. 30—10 p. m.—Weather
foggy and calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
UMPQUA RlVEß—Sailed Jan 27—Schr Lily,
for San Francisco.
ASTORIA—Sailed Jan 80—Ger stmr Ara
gonta, for Yokohama.
Sailed Jan 29—Stmr Prentiss, for San Fran
cisco. Jan 30—Ital ship St. Celeste, for
Queenstown.
Sailed Jan 30—Fr bark Vllle de Mulhouse,
for U. K.
BANDON—Sailed Jan 30—Schr Advance, for
San Francisco.
REDONDO—Arrived Jan 80—Stmr George
Loomls, hence Jan 28, and sailed for San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA—Arrived Jan 30—Stmr Roanoke,
hence Jan 20: »tmr Pomona, hence Jan 29;
stmr Pasadena, hence Jan 28; stmr San Ga
briel, from San Pedro.
Sailed Jan 30—Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Francis H. Leggett, for San Fran
cisco, with ship Elwell in tow.
SANTA BARBARA—Arrived Jan 20—Stmr
Queen hence Jan 29, and sailed for San Diego.
COOS BAY—Sailed. Jan 30—Stmr Break
water, for San Francisco.
Arrived San 30—Stmr F. A. Kilburn, from
Arrived Jan 30—Stmr Empire, hence Jan 27.
Arrived Jan 80—Stmr Czarina, hence Jan
28- stmr Empire, hence Jan 27.
Sailed Jan 30—Stmrs Homer and F. A. Kil
burn, for Astoria.
GRAYS HARBOR—Arrived Jan 30—Stmrs
laqua and G. C. Lindauer. hence Jan 27.
Sailed Jan 30—Stmr W. H. Kruger, for San
Francisco; schr Carrier Dove, for San Pedro.
TACOMA—Sailed Jan 30, 8 a m—Schr Mon
terey, for Monterey, in tow tug Dauntless.
SEATTLE—SaiIed Jan 80—Fr bark Colonel
de Villebots. Mareull, for Noumea, in ballast.
BELLINGHAM—Arrived Jan 28—Schr Eric,
bene* Jan 22.
ELECTRIC LINE
NOW ASSURED
Board Grants a Permit for
Reconstruction of Califor
nia - Street Steam Road
CONDITION IS IMPOSED
United Eailroads Will Put
Up Iron Poles Part of Way,
but Balks at Flat Rails
The Board of Supervisors yesterday j
passed to print a resolution granting
permission to the United Railroads to
operate by electricity that portion of
the California street extension system
from Parker avenue to First avenue.
This action will enable the corporation
to convert the entire steam road into
an electric line, as its franchise for the
rest of the road already gives it the
necessary authority. The resolution
was Introduced by the Street Commit
tee, which imposed a condition that in
the reconstruction iron poles shall be
used instead of wooden poles along
California street from Parker avenue
to Eighth avenue.
Attorney Tirey Ik Ford said the cor
poration desired to convert the steam
road to an electric line, which would
Involve a great expense, but the addi
tional cost of ire n poles did not war
rant their erection owing to the fact
that much of the territory to be
"tapped" is sparsely settled and the
streets are unpaved. He said:
"The franchise for the larger portion
of the road will expire in six years.
We want to give "ou a fine electric sys
tem, that will result in the district be
ing settled. While we think the Street
Committee has imposed a burden by
requiring us to buy iron poles, we ac
cept the burden cheerfully. We have
spent more than $3,000,000 in permanent
improvements already, and will spend
more."
Ford argued that the grooved rail
should not be insisted upon.
O. L. Scott said the property owners
had signed to bltuminize California
street from First to Eighth avenues,
and that the grooved rails should be
used on those blocks. Scott said that
Some people had expressed surprise at
his intention to appear before the board
in opposition to the United Railroads,
whieli might hurt him in his business j
for doing so.
Ford resented this Imputation, saying
that the assertion was not worthy of j
notice. Ford said the company would
keep pace with the Improvements made
by property owners.
A representative of the Point Lobos
Improvement Club urged that the per
mit for the system be granted. Prop- i
erty owners filed petitions both for and
against the granting of the privilege.
Chairman Connor of the Street Com
mittee explained that the company had i
agreed to replace the-wooden poles from
First to Eighth avenues with iron poles.
The committee, however, did not deem
It advisable to compel the laying of
grooved rails at this time.
Lunstedt asked whether the company
would agree to put down the flat rails
from Parker avaiujes tn view
of Its proposed bituminizlng, and Ford
replied in the negative. Connor objected
to imposing any new condition which
might cause the corporation to abandon
the project.
When the resolution had been passed
to print Ford extended an Invitation to
the Supervisors to acquaint themselves
with the conditions as they exist and
to make suggestions for improvements.
Boxton wanted to know whether any- !
thing could be done to relieve the con
gested traffic on the Market street cars
In the evening. Ford assured the board
that arrangements were being made
whereby no delay would be experienced
in moving the cars at the ferry depot,
and that everybody would then be able
to ride Inside the cars.
Review Business of Year.
The Swiss Mutual Benevolent Socl- |
ety held a' meeting at the society's
hall, 414 Pine street, last Saturday:
evening. The work of the fiscal year
was reviewed. The secretary's annual I
statement showed the total net re- j
ceipts of $7713 and expenses concern-!
ing sick and deceased members
amounting to $5836 46. The capital
. of the society on December 31 was
$36,451. The following were elected
as directors: A. Borel, J. Freulcr, L. '
Juri, A. Monotti, J. B. Monaco, J. j
' Leutenegger, Jf . Mettmann, E. de Cou
lon, J. H. Fritschi, G. A. Pedrotta and .
' J. R. Tomasinl. »
1 m ■
ALEXANDER CASE REVIVED.—The case
of Ernest Alexander, charged with accepting
a bribe while a member of the police force,
was on Judge Lawlor's calendar for retrial yes
terday. Assistant District Attorney Ferral
said, that Lulu Wilson, alias Mamie Linn, and
. Mrs Ben Schultz, two Important witnesses.
1 could not be found and the case was continued
i till February 20. At the former trial the
Jury disaereed.
* '
ABERDEEN—Arrived Jan 30—Stmr Che
halis, hence Jan 27.
SAN* PEDRO —Arrived Jan 20—Schr Dora
Bluhm, from Eureka.
Sailed Jan 30—Bktn Arago, for Willapa Har
bor; stmr Santa Barbara, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
KAANAPALI—Sailed Jan 28—Stmr Texan,
for Delaware Breakwater.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON—Arrived Jan 20—Stmr City of J
Washington, from New York. Jan 24—Stmr
Orizaba, frbm New York.
Sailed Jan 24 —Stmr Advance, for New York. I
MONGKONG —Sailed Jan 25—Br stmr Tar
tar for Vancouver.
SYDNEY—Arrived prior Jan 23 —Fr bark
Cassard. hence Dec 2; Fr bark Champigny,
hence Nov 24; Fr bark La Rochefoucauld, from
Royal Roads; Fr bark Vlncennes, hence Nov 28.'
IQI IQCE—Sailed Jan 27 —Br bark Kinross, j
for Honolulu.
AUCKLAND —Arrived Jan 30, 8 a m—Stmr
Sierra hence Jan 12.
YOKOHAMA —Arrived Jan 20—Stmr China,
hence Jan 10. Jan 28—Br stmr Algoa, from
Hongkong.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK—Arrived Jan 30—Stmr Prlnaes-
Bin Victoria Luise, St. Thomas, etc.
Sailed Jan 30—Stmr Koenigen Luise, for
Genoa and Naples; stmr Vaderland, for Ant
werp. '•'
PALERMO —Sailed Jan 29 —Stmr Pannovla,
from Trieste, etc.. for New York.
NAPLES —Sailed Jan 30—Stmr Republic, for
New York. etc.
, ALEXANDRIA—Arrived Jan 30—Stmr Can
opic. from Alexandria, for Boston.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Jan 29 — Stmra
' Georgic and Umbrla, from New York. Jan 30— ,
1 Stmr Canadian, irom Boston.
LONDON—Sailed Jan 29 —f'tmr Lancas- '
trian (not Bohemian), for Boston.
CHRISTIANS AND—Sailed Jan 27—8tmr
I Heligolav, for New York.
BREMEN—Sailed Jan 28—Stmr Main, for
I New York.
BOULOGNE —Sailed Jan 28—Stmr Staten
1 dam (from Rotterdam), for New York.
Memoranda.
Per schr Yine —From Jan 12 to Jan 16 had
succession of south and southeast gales and
' high cross seas, causing vessel to broach to,
flooding the cabin and forecastle and washing
overboard about 20 or 25 M lumber.and doing
other slight damage. j
Per stmr Tampico, from Tacoma, Jan 80—|
: From Tacoma to Cape Blanco had fresh SB i
winds and rough sea; thence to port light SE
I winds and smooth water.
j SEATTLE, Jan 30—Schr David Evans, from
! Everett, for San Diego, went ashore at Point
i No Point during a heavy wind and may prob
! ably be floated at high water,
j PORT TOWNSEND, Jan. 29.—An examlna
| tion by divers of the plates below the water
line of ,the Ger ship Neck, which, as before
| reported, was in -collision with the Br bark
Ancona recently, showed them te be undam
> aged..
COURT AUCTION
BOOSTS VALUES
Inventory Price of Block in
Sunset Nearly Doubled
When Bidders Get Active
PROFIT FOR AN ESTATE
Judge Coffey Not Satisfied
With Former Sale and the
Results Justify His Views
A* judicial knowledge of realty values
in .this growing city has served to
shame the expert opinion of a trio of
appraisers appointed by the court to
fix* the value of a block of sand oh
the fringe of present habitations, and
a boom may be looked for in lots with
an ocean view. ■
In their first appraisement of the es
tate of the late Herman J. Sadler of
the firm of Ma.v, Sadler & Co., the
appraisers, F. P. McCann, F. P. Thall
and J. T. O'Connor, reported the block
in the Sunset District bounded by N
and O streets and Sixteenth and Sev
enteenth avenues as worth $4500, sub-«
ject to a $20,000 mortgage. It developed
that the mortgage blanketed other
property and a reappraisement was
made In which the block in question
was returned at $9000. Then an order
of sale was made and the highest bid
for the block was from William F.
Mau & Co., successor to the c?ld firm,
and the property was knocked down
for $»200, subject to the approval of
the court. Judge Coffey, however, was
not satisfied with this price for so
much ground, with its added privilege
of Pacific sunsets. He ordered an auc
tion In court. Then came the revela
tion. There were real estate sharps
who wanted the property for specula
tion and were willing to gamble on the
spread of population over the upper
peninsula. They began raising the $9200
bid by the clip at $500 and before the
competitors tired of the game an offer
of $17,000 was made, at which price
the court sold the block to Mabry Mc-
Mahon.
MONTHLY REVIEW OF
TROOPS AT PRESIDIO
Changes In Garrison Forces at the
Post Will Take Place on
February 1.
A full dress muster, inspection and
review will be held at the Presidio
this morning at 8:30 in accordance
with the usual end-of-the-month cus
tom- Colonel Charles Morris, com
manding at the Presidio, will hold
the battalion review, while Lieutenant
Colonel R. H. Patterson, Artillery
Corps; Major William Stephen
son and Major E. T. Brown
will inspect various companies on
their grounds. At Yerba Buena Island
Captain W. C. Davis will inspect the
Signal Corps and the submarine mine
detachment.
On February 1 Major R. C. Van
Vliet's battalion of the Tenth Infantry
and a squadron of the Fourth Cav
alry commanded by Major C. tt. Mur
ray will become an integral part of
the Presidio forces and will be ad
ministered accordingly. Some change
In the quarters of the officers may be
instituted.
PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY.—Creditors
of Charles Mitchell, sawmill and lumber mer
chant of Sardine Valley, Sierra County, yes
terday petitioned the United States District
Court to declare bim an involuntary insolvent.
They alleged that he owes them $1200. Vol
untary petitions were filed in the same court
by Charles W. Burch, farmer, Yuba City,
liabilities $3299, no essets; George Lahr and
W. F. Schulte of the firm of L*hr & Schulte,
plumbers and gasfltters, Oakland, liabilities
$2875, assets $122.
AJDVERTISEMENTS.
Kodak
DEVELOPING ' JLtT "
and PRINTING msk
Cut Prices jS
me a trial order. "P
DEVELOPIMO:
Roll of 6 10c | Roll of 12 15c
PRINTING:
Solio finish. 3c-5c | Velox finish.3c-6c ,
ANSCO CAMERAS as low as S3.
DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS, in
all popular sizes at popular prices.
CYXO DEVELOPING PAPER
prints by gaslight and gives beautiful
detail.
Cameras repaired at moderate
prices.
That Man PITTS
F. W. PITTS, The Stationer,
1008 MARKET ST.. Opp. Fifth. S. F.
DISEASES OF MEN
Our modern up-to-date method*
for the certain and speedy cure of private
diseases, Stricture, Rupture, Pros
tatic Trouble, Piles, Blood Poison,
Xenon* Debility and Contracted
Disorders has won for us thousands of
testimonial* from patients who have
been cured.
Varicocele, we treat by onr Improved
medical vibratory method, where others use
tbe knife. Our Improved French Cones
never fall to produce a healthy and speedy
cure lo the treatment of the injured
Prostate. We issue a bond aa a
guarantee to cure all cases we undertake.
Any man suffering- from Weakness and
Who Is Undeveloped can obtain from us
(free by mail) our 10 days' special treat
ment and Illustrated chart describing the
cause and effect of Lost Vitality.
Consultation and advice free.
All correspondence strictly pri
vate and confidential.
the DR. TALCOTT co.
1140 MARKET ST.
Opp. Hales.. San Francisco. Cal.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health aad
strength to sexual arfana, Pesot. 823 Market.
SICK HEADAGHE
' s —(Positively cured by
PABTFPQ these Little Pills.
vMll I L a!so rsllero D!s
11— tress from Dy3pepsla. In-
Sgn ITTLE digestion an ti Too Hearty
M IWE" |J Eating. A perfect rem
tj| I w fcia etlyrorDizziness, Nausea,
1 PILLS* Drowsiness. Bad Taste
la tho Mouth, Coated
1 \ j Tongue. Pain in the Side.
I™"—**"*" 1 TORPID LIVER. They
regulate tbo Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE, SMALL PIIICE.
CArTTERSl CURE SICK
PSiTTtE Genuine Must Bear
W PH.L? Fac-S'mile Signature
Don't Miss
An Opportunity
# Goldfields is one of the great
est mining districts ever dis
covered. Now is your time
to buy shares in the Goldfield
Lucky Star Mining Co. before
the price is advanced. Stock
is now selling for 6c. Call or
write F. DE FRE IT AS,
Agent, 413 Kearny Street.
{visit DrTT^ORDiAN^rGREATJ
OF ANATOMY?
A 1051 MiRaLTSr: btt.6fi*tth.S.r'.C*!. A
\ Or The Lar*»st Anatomical Museum In the W
A Jjjt_ World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
\ ftffflft disease positively eiu*4 hr tie oldest w
f) Jjg* STI Specialist on tbe Coast. E-t. Sfijeare,
0 OR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ Consoltation free snd stricly pHratu. T
A I jSW I Treatmeut personally or by letter. «J
\I / Ha "'' c cl > r ' to eterj cue undertaken. W
§r 1 AW Write tor Book, rBILO*«PtIY»f i
TI II II * nARRUbI, MAILKO V&Efi. (if
A Aw si valuable book tor Ken.) \
f I>R. JORDAN A CO.. 100 l Market St., S. P. f
I The thousands of people who
write to me, saying that
tSHilolv's
Consumption
; Cure a c Luns
cured them of chronic coughs,
cannot all be mistaken. There
must be some truth in it.
Try s bottle for that cough oi yours.
Prices: S. C. Wells St Co. 10
25c. 50c. $1. Leßoy. N.Y., Toronto, Can.
Ti^sTi^
j ; MERCHANT TAILORS, B
; j i. _ REMOVED TO «
| 112 Sutter Street. \\
SAN FRANCISCO. X
« Novelties in Imported Wear. «
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
♦529 BEABHY ST. Established
In ISS4 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease weartngon bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcnrea wlien
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
t'nrri jrni»ri»nAe«'«l. Call or write.
Dr. JT. P. GIBBON. Sau Francisco. Cal.
OCEAjy TRAVEL. t
Steamers of company, or
for which it Is agent, leave
f£ff 8 and 11, San Fran-
M I 1 For Ke tchikan, Wrangi l,
I \ Xs*+mmJ J Junoau ' Treadwell, Haines,
Vd\. \\ Jftl Skagway, etc., Alaska—ll a.
m.. Feb. 4, 0, 14, 10, 24.
March 1. Change to this com
__*»»»X-* . pany's steimer at Seattle.
; For Victoria, Vancouver, Port Townsend,
Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes, South
Bellingham, Bellingham—ll a. m., Feb. 4. 9,
14. 19, 24, March 1. Change at Seattle to this
company's steamers for Alaska and Q. N. Ry.;
at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, J:3O
p. m., Feb. 4, 10. 16, 22, 28. March «. Corona,
1:30 p. m., Feb. 1, 7. 13 19, 25, March 3.
i For Los Angeles (via Port Loa Angeles and
. Redondo), San Diego, and Santa Barbara—
I Queen, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
! San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Huencme—
. Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Feb. 7, 15, 23, March 3.
Santa Crue (freight only). 9 a. m.. Feb. 3.
j 11. 19, 27.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, Ban Jos* del
; Cabo, Maaatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro
salia, Ouaymas (Mex.), 10 a, m.,'7th of each
■ month.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES—4 New Montgom
ery st. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market st. and Broad
t wav wharves. Freight Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DTJNANN. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Company, 17 New Mont
gomery st., will call for aad check baggage
from hotels and residences. Telephone Ex
change 312.
AMERICAN LINE.
Plymouth—Cherbourg—Southampton.
Philadelphia ..Feb. 41 New York Feb. IS
St_ Paul Feb. 11l St. Louis Feb. 2ft
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LINE.
Hew York—London Direct.
Minneapolis ...Feb. 4! Minnetonka ...Feb. 18
Mesaba Feb. ll'Manttou Feb. 25
RED STAR LINE.
New York—Antwerp—London—Pari*.
Calling at Dover for London and Pari*.
Kroonland J"* o - 41 Finland Feb, IS
Zeeland Feb. 111 Vaderland ... '.Feb, 25
WHITE STAB LINE.
Hew York—Queenstowfe —Liverpool.
Teutonic.Feb. 8. 10 am|MaJejrtlc.Feb. 22, 10 am
Oceanic.Feb. 15, 2 pm Baltic. .Mar $. 2 j»n
Boston —Queenstown —Liverpool.
Wlnlfredian Feb. B|Cymrlc Mar. 1
HBW YOBH AND BOSTON DIRECT
To the Mediterranean.
Gibraltar. Naples. Genoa. Alexandria.
FROM NEW YORK.
CRETIC Feb. 4, noon; March 18, neon
REPUBLIC Feb. 28> noon; April 18, Boon
FROM BOSTON.
CANOFIC '•■ Feb. 18. 8:30 a. m.
ROMANIC March 11 t p. m.
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent pacific Coast
21 Post St., 43an Francisco.
WVWIV4It«I«VI OIRSOI iMlmw rju ,, a
S S SONOMA, for Honolulu,. Samoa, Auckland
arid Sydney. Thurs , Feb. .2. 1906, 8 P. M.
S S MARIPOSA, for TahlU. Feb. 7, 11 A. M.
S S. ALAMEDA,, for Honolulu. Feb. 11, 11 A.M.
].D.SPBECms t BROI GOV, A£tB.,Hcftt oiCß6tt Ur
iel. FreigHt Glee 327 Harm St, Her 7, Pactlc,.:.
COMPAONIB 9KNEHALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE—Paris
Sall'ng every Thursday instead otTfJUP
sttJrrdav. at 10 a. m . from Pier 4Z«*" m W m
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Sec
ond class to Havre. $4u and upward. G£N
: ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building-.
New York J F. FUGAZI & CO. Pacific Oast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Franclaco.
Tickets ao'A by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
For V. S. Navy Yard aad Vallejo.
Strs General Frlsbie. Montlcello and Arrow,
9-45 a m.. 12:.30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m., « p.m.,, 8:30
pm-: Sundays. 9:48 a.m., 12:30 noon. 0 p.m..
8 30 p. m. Leave Vallejo, 7 a.m.. 9 a,m.. 12UJ0
d m 3:15 p.m. (*5:45 p.m. Saturday), 6 p.m.
Sundays. 7 a.m.. 8 a.m., 3:20 p.m.. « p.m Pier
i 2. foot Mission st.; phone Main 1508. HATCH
BROS.
' WEEKLY CALL, ?1,00 P£B TISA&,
1112
■
THE WANT COLUMNS 0T THE CALL 1^
.loriN i). SPRECKELS _^^op^letor
Address < ommunicatkns to
JOHN McNACGHT Managrr
YV. .1. MARTJ N . . .Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator W"UI Con
nect You W'itlt the Department iou vI lsn.
Publication <if flee Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Booms -17 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers, 2i> cts. Per Week, 75
Cts Tor Month. Single < opies 5 Cts.
Trims by Mail, including Postage tCash With
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday), 1 year..
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 0 mos 4.00
DAILY CALL—By Single Month
SUNDAY call, l Year •
WJ EKLY .'AI-. 1 Year 1 00
foreign i Daily.-.«8.»0 Per Tear Extra
- - »*_.»* « J Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Ex.ra
POSTAGE, 1.00 Per Year Ex:ra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Stur.ple Copies will be forwarded when re
quested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change otad
dicfcs should be particular to give both tyEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
Quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
101(« Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Post Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentar.o. 31
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and HofTman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Mote!; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel. Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Marquette Build.ng.
tLong Distance Telephone, "Centrsl 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call
corner M.-irket and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
_00S Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
0:30 p. m.
;rii Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
63!) McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
tils Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
194] Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
Ifi. Eleventh street; open until !) p. m.
10SQ Valencia street; open until 0 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
oi »n until 9 p. m.
2-0" Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN" GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and m
A. M.—Third degree THIS (TCEIS
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By /W\
order of W, M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. a
M , Masonic Temple—Second degree VV
THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 /VA
o'clock. Craftsmen are cordially in
vited. R. C. JEWEIaL. W. M.
A. S. .HUBBARD, Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 360. F. m
and A. M., Mission Temple—Second > *__p
degree THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING /V\
at 7 o'clock. Visiting brethren cor
dially invited. By order of the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
TEMPLAR Lodge No. 17, L O.
ii. F.—lnitiation THIS (.TUES
DAY) EVENING. Thme >-an-*J»|
didates. Visiting brothers cor-
dially Invited to be present.
EMIL POHLI, N. G.
J. R MORRISON. R. S.
SPECIAL meeting—A special meeting of the
stockholders or Spreckels Sugar Company
win be held at the office of the company.
887 Market st., San Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY, the 14th day of February, 1905,
at the hour of 11 o'clock a- m., for the pur
pose of amending Art. VIU of the By-laws
In reference to the close of the fiscal year.
By order of the President.
W. H. H ANN AM. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting—Regular annual meeting of
the German General Benevolent Society will
be held TUESDAY. January 31, 8 o'clock
p. m., at Mystic Hall. 421 Post st. Election
of officer from 2 o'clock p. m. to 9
o'clock p. m.
ANNUAL meeting—The regular annual meet
ing of the stockholders of the Union Trust
Company of San Francisco will be held at
the office of the company in the Union Trust
Company's building. 2 Montgomery St., San
Francisco, Cal.. on THURSDAY, the oth
day of February, 1905, at the hour of 2
o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the following
year, the amendment of the by-laws of the
company and the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
CHARLES J. DEERING, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting—The regular annual meet
ing of the stockholders of the Matson Navi
gation Company will be held at the office of
the company, :;27 Market St.. San Francisco,
Cal.. on THURSDAY, the 9th day of Feb
ruary, 1905. °t the hour of 2 o'clock p. m..
for the purpose of electing a board of direc
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. GEORGE A
DOUGLASS. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS to sell the best, most popular faucet
Alters made; easy sellers; good profit. T. C
PIGOTT. box 700. Helena. Mont.
RELIABLE agents make $100 month selling
Removo. Why not you? DEMING. 927 Market.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW,
Advice Tree in all Vgal matters; private divorces
a specialty, quick, quiet; no pay unless divorce
is granted; collection* made; partnership bill of
sale, wills, deeds, etc.. drawn. Open evenings
by request Established 22 years. G W
HOWE. 1122 Market St., bet. Mason & Taylor.
ADVICE free, private, confidential; business
legally and promptly transacted; attachments
collections, probate, mechanics' Hens, tenants
ejected, bankruptcy; contracts, wills, etc
drawn. W. MATTHEWS, 632 Market, rm.2?.!
DOES any one owe you any money? '
We collect wages, notes, rents, board bill*
and bad debts of all kinds. BONDED LAW
& COLLECTION CO.. 1584 Market, room 220
_ (Cut this out.)
R. W, KING. ADorney-at-Law, Exam bldg .
Ptli floor: entrance room (UI; established 20
years*; all courts, general court and office
practice; no fees in advance or for consulta
tion; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3COI.
ADVICE flee; legal divorce, costs $12; all law
cases handled; no fee In adve.nce; open Sat
urday evenings; ether evenings by appoint
ment; call and save money. 81!) Market,'r. 3X
AA»—Divorce: costs $12: quick,quiet;_dvtce free-
Sll taw business; no charge unless successful
open evenings. 927 Market St., room 301.
AA—DIVORCE: costs $12: advlce free.
All lejai bus.; no unless successful.
Examiner 1 uildinc. room 316.
JOHN" GUIDERY. attorney-at-law, rooms ~35
ami 36, Chronicle bldg.; phone John 2781.
IF you need a Lawyer consult me at once; low
est fee. H. H. HEATH. 855 James Flood bid.
L. S. CLARK, !>27 Market, room 301: consulta
tion free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
CHEAPEST and best in America—The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address In the
United States nr Canada one year for $1.
AUTOMOBILES.
UNIVERSAL automobile for sale for $500: al
imst n"w; only run a few times. Box 4704,
Call Cfflcc.
AN autetnebile. "2 cylinder," for sale; reason
able Box 460 C, Call office.
ASTHMA CURE.
DI NOLA'S Astbi'a Remedy relieves instantly;
10<\ 25c. .Mic. 1002 Market. St. Nicholas, also
Wuhan. Tenth and Wasl ngton. Oakland.
CREDIT CLOTHIERS.
C. F. ADAMS CO., 318 Mason St.*—Clothing
for everybody from hat to shoes: you can get
what you want from us and have it charged.
CLOTHING RENOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. Examner bldg., r. 410;
phono Drumm 44. Call tor and deliver free.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A—slsoo; corner saloon, opp. cable
pin ■• ."Iol:ig a iir_l-ciat_ busings; c.gar |
biSbd In (rent ana a good business otter.
Sec v. G. wilke. 26% Kearny. j
A- $2_IKV-CANDY store and factory; In best j
business, town aciess the bay; store elegahtly
furnished; soda fountain, etc.; the leading I
place in that city: a rare chance; investi- |
Kate at once. Call K. G. WILKE. 20% I
Kearny St. '
A—*n;cu; HALF interest in millinery store; I
one of the best in this city; retiring partner (
tv go to the country; location close to Mar
ket st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearnyjst.
A—s3so; DELICATESSEN store and branch
bakery on Ellis st.: 4 living rooms; rent $17;
a bargain. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—s3soo; HOTEL with properly 3 lots, house
12 100 ms, barroom, fine grounds: about 120
miles from S. F.: license $21 per quarter.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26._. Kearny st.
A- $1000; BUTCHER shop on Third St.; daily
receipts above $30; horse, wagon; lease; good
business. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Keainy.
A—sl2oo; BAKERY in lively town. 30 nyles
from 8. F.; rent $27; 4 years' lease; baking
2 barrels per day; 3 horses, 2 wagons; large
store trade. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A—s22oo; COFFEE saloon In best location;
rent $50; place taking In above $70 per day;
Mi years' lease: a splendid offer. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A--$2250; coal, wood, hay and grain business;
3 hcrses, 3 wagons; net rent $34: estab.
years; owner a widow; must sell at once,
as sbe wants to leave the State. Call R
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
RESTAURANT and lodging-house:
130 beds; rent $S0; located Sacramento and
Montgomery sts.; place clears about $300 per
month. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s3ooo; CORNER grocery, kept by owner 9
years; doing a large business; owner has»an
other corner grocery and bar for $8000; must
tell either one; take your choice; location the
best. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s7so; DRY goods and notion store in Berke
ley; rent $18; 5 living rooms; a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny.
A—s3ooo; CORNER saloon on Sixth st.; place
doing a good paying business: estab. years;
lease; a flrst-class business proposition. For
particulars see R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—$800; OYSTER and chop house, close to
Market and 7th sts.; rent $29; good business;
owner must sell this place or his other oyster
and chop house on Montgomery aye.: price
$460; rent $16; come investigate and take
your choice. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—sl2oo; ROADHOUSE: 4 furnished rooms;
rent $16; lease; ehuffleboard; place estab
lished many years; best location on San Ma
teo road. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—s22oo; CORNER saloon on California St.;
rent $75; old established business and good
paying place: fine fixtures; large stock; a
bargain Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—$800; RESTAURANT and chop house; close
to 2 carhouses; 5 rooms; rent $33; established
years; doing a flrst-class business: Investi
gate; this le a good business and a bargain.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s4ooo; BAKERY and confectionery, estab
lished many years; baking 7 barrels pxTr day;
6 horses, wagons and buggy; one of the best
In t' is city. See R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
A—ssoo; HARDWARE, locksmith and electri
cal repair shop; established 26 years; best
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A—$1800; SALOON on water front, close to
Market St.; net rent $120; place established
many years and known as a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—s3soo: LIQUOR store, with 5 years' lease;
$2000; stock guaranteed; one block north of
Market; a very rare chance. Call on R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
dally receipts $60; rent $80; lease; place lo
cated close to Market and a good business.
Call on R. G. W ILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—sl7so; CORNER grocery and bar, with 5
living roems; on Sacramento St.; 4% years'
lease; rent $45; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s24so; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 year
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash busi
ness; location can't be beat; value in sight.
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
J. B. OBERLE. W. H. MASSEY.
EAGLE REALTY OFFICE.
230 Kearny, rooms 1 and 2; phone Black 6694.
CIGAR stands from $125 up; big bargains.
Branch bakeries, 100 to choose from; snaps.
$250 barber shop, 3 chairs: several others.
$325 butcher shop, all complete; big snap.
$225 lodging-house, 33 rooms; men roomers.
200 lodging-houses, all parts city.
Genuine bargains. 230 Kearny, rooms 1 2.
$900—ROADHOUSE, with dance hall; fur
nished rooms, dining-room; bargain. 230
Kearny st.
A—l HAVE a client who wishes to invest $20.
-000 In hardware business in city; If you
have a bona fide proposition for this amount
of money, let me hear from you.
R E. CALLAHAN, 26 Montgomery st.
A RELIABLE man with $200 wanted as
partner In a plain every day business: will
pay $80 per month each; steady place: duties
easily learned. 1027% Market, room 2.
BAKERY for sale; $300; flne bakehouse: work
ing plant is nearly new; taking $90 v.eek
guaranteed; all shop trade; good reason sell
ing; Inspection Invited. Box 5416, Call.
STEADY man wanted as a partner to do
plain, light work In a cash business; sure
profit of $80 a month to each. 632 Market,
room 6.
$1C0 —PART Interest; man or woman; come
prepared; you will take It; cash office busi
ness. Room 65, Chronicle building.
A—s3oo; PARTNER wanted In old established
business. Particulars at 47 Geary, room 5.
$500—PARTNER; light work; $150 month;
business worth $2000. Box 5414, Call.
$300 —SALOON license for transfer Wednesday.
1007% Market St., room L
FINE delloecy and bakery; Tavlor St.; $300:
rent $20; snap. RUSSELL, r. 45, Parrott bid.
CIGAR stand and lunch room for BAle, cheap;
good location; small rent; suitable for man
and wife; going away. Call room 8, 50
Geary St., 2 p. m.
ESTABLISHED optical store for sale: falling
health cause of selling; must sell; long
lease: experience not necessary. Call at
premises, 135S Market, opp. Seventh.
YOUNG man with $300 wanted as partner;
genteel business: must drive light team;
particulars at MARIN INVESTMENT CO.,
235 Kearny.
CORNER grocery and produce store, 4 living
rooms In rear; well stocked. large basement;
low rent and bears Investigation. 1108 Web
ster at., Oakland.
WANTED—Good office man; must Invest $500
as security; amount guaranteed. Box 5267,
Call office.
WANTED —To buy small bakery business or
would rent store for same in good location.
HUNTER, 508-Ninth st.
DELICATESSEN lunchroom; 3 living rooms;
large stock; good business. 407% Van Ness
iwe.
$275 AND services secures one-half Interest
la old established commission business pay
ing $80 per month to each. Brown, 33 Mason.
WANTED —To buy grocery and bar: good lo
cation; state price ana particulars. Box
4004. Call office.
— *
FOR sale—A grocery in city across bay; good,
clean stock .and a flne trade; good reasons
for selling. Address box 4705, Call office.
FOR sale—lnterest In light mfg. business pay
ing large profits; small amount cash required
Box 4450. Call office.
HARNESS shop for sale. Call at L~. D
Tone CO., 417 Market st.
RESTAURANT for sale; doing good business.
1<»24 Hyde st.
AN old and established millinery store for
sale; cheap. Box 5888. Call office.
$1350 WILL buy gents' furnishing goods store
doing good bus. 926 Western aye., Petaluma!
SALOON license wanted. Address J. 8~818
Waller st.
RESTAURANT for sale; centrally located; es~
tabllshed 25 years; must sell at once. 181
Sixth st.
NEWSPAPER route for aa le In Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call office for particulars.
FOR 3ale—Account departure; cheap; paint
shop complete. 288 O'Farrell st., fruit store.
DRY gooas and notion store for sale. Address
box 5119, Call office.
WANTED-To purchase a hotel; city or coun
try; give full particulars. Box 4604, Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 31,%1905.
BUSINESS CHANCES—Contdnued.^
A—CAMERON A CO. Phone South 105t>.
3 Euily bt.. cor. Market and Powell. 1
Headquarters for all kinol of business chances.
FOX SALE—Cand-- and ice cream business;
also complete outnt for manufacturing;
candy, will _uarp.ntee to clear $2200 per
gear; rent only ¥40; established 5 years;
fine opportunity for candy man; exclusively
with Cameron & Co!
A—s3MK>; first-class 38-room country hotel,
bar .ilune cost $1500; one of the best inland
towns in State; 50 miles from S. F.: doing
good business; family troub'es causing sale;
furnishings new and up-to-date; now is your
time. CAMERON & CO.
A—sT!soo; tip-top stationery and bazaar; swell
location-; long ICSes; cheap rent; stock and
fixture up-to-date; never changed hands;
established 10 years: clearing now $300 to
$.'t.'>i> per month; best reasons for selling;
genuine snap. CAMERON & CO.
A —1350; good Market st. cigar store; cheap
rent; well located under first-class hotel;
this Ie a rare chance to get fine location and
Li'sii.ess cheap. CAMERON & CO.
A—sssoo: one of the best corner grocery and
bars in S. P.; downtown transfer corner; 5
years - lease; cheap rent; doing big business,
but compelled to leave for Europe; here ia
chance of lifetime to secure flrst-class busi
ness proposition that will bear investiga
tion. CAMERON A CO.
A—$1800; flrst-class saloon on fine corner,
wholesale district; rent only $60; doing good
business; no night or Sunday work; big
opportunity. See CAMERON & CO.
A—slsoo: well located cafe, bllllard-room, two
chair barber shop, with 8 well furnished
rooms above: rem only $30; cost over $2500
to furnish; call and make offer as owner
must sell on account of other business.
CAMERON & CO.
DELICATESSEN store In North Beach for
sale. Box 4405. Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
CAKPLT BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets or. floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat
ing works, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har
rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
TEL. Sutter 1981—STAR RENOVATING CO - ..
530 G. G. aye.; carpet clean., fit. lay.; reas.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st —First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 390. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH &. CO., carpet-beating workt: nrlces
reasonable. 17C3 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 263.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
Money to Loan.
Phone (private line) Main 33-4-3.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Up-to-date offices in the James Flood build
ing, co-ncr Market and Powell. Entrance op
posite "Emporium."
Suite 801, near elevators.
Free service to buyers. Titles guaranteed.
We sell any house on Installment plan.
(20) •
MT HOUSE?
It has 20 large rooms.
MT RENT?
It is only $60.
MY PROFIT?
Per montlrls always $71.
MY PRICE?
It is $1100 (was $1600).
MY TERMS?
Why, $300 down and $10
monthly.
MY REASON?
I want a larger house.
MY AGENT?
MARION GRIFFIN.
(331
I BANK $138 monthly, as my
book will show. But I must sell
and go East on very important
business. I have a nice, clean
hcuse of 33 rooms. I will accept
ANY OFFER down to $1800; easy
terms. See my agent,
MARION GRIFFIN.
(67)
MARK THIS AD.
67 rooms Price $5700.
Terms may be arranged. ■ ■
Rent, $370. Income, $807.
7-year lease: solid oak furniture.
BODY BRUSSELS CARPETS.
ELECTRIC ELEVATOR.
It Is in a splendid location.
Accurate book accounts are kept,
and you may examine them.
MARION GRIFFIN.
(52)
The very "Pink of Perfection"
In furnishings, location, entrance,
building and class cf roomers.
52 rooms.
Now clears $348 monthly; 9-yeaf
lease; owing to peculiar circum
stances will sell for $2000 less than
cost one year ago; you need only
pay $1500 down, and installments;
Irresponsible people wilf not b<
permitted to inspect the house;
buyer must be accompanied by ar
agent from
MARION GRIFFIN'S Office.
(25)
"GOLDEN GATE AYE. HOUSE."
25 rooms.
N. B. at a bargain.
Rent $125; profit $104 monthly; In
apartments: almost no work foi
landlady: it l s a fine northeast
corner and extra sunny; before
Jar.vary 28 see
MARION GRIFFIN
801 Jalmes Flood Building.
(15)
MANY multi-millionaires
have their
PALATIAL HOMES
on Van Ness aye.
We have n beautifully furnished
15-room corner house there
' for $1200.
Or we would exchange It for an 8
or 10-room house, as the lady
owner ls sick.
MARION GRIFFIN,
Sth Floor, _
James Flood Building. *
Entrance opposite "Emporium."
WHICH of these Interests you?
65 rooms; rent $380; price $2500;
cleared $294 monthly. (North.)
20 rooms, new building, new fur
niture; rent $50; lease. (South.)
87 rooms; $4250; rent $325; owner
guarantees $300 profit monthly.
(North.)
12 rooms; extra well furnished:
price $700; rent $53: Eddy st.
10 rooms; Geary st., $400: rent
$30; corner: near two car line.
21-room TRANSIENT house:
central: rightly managed it would
clear $200 monthly.
Owner Is sick In hospital and
will sell for
$1000.
(North.)
MARION GRIFFIN.
Suite 801.
James Flood Building.
SWELL, sunny, corner house of
24 outside light rooms: all occupied
by HIGH-CLASS . roomers, who
pay liberally for their accommoda
tions: centrally located at street t
car line crossing: price and terms
can be arranged; house adapted to
lady of refinement.
ALSO
SWFXL 37-room house, NEW and
NICE; 4 blocks north of Market;
NEW house, new and fine furnish
ings; clears $175 monthly; FINEST
ENTRANCE in all this city.
ALSO
SWELL 90-i oom: the most ELE
GANTLY FURNISHED house ot
that size within 5 blocks of Mark
.Hopkins Institute of Art; simply
the BEST of everything; 9-year
lease and the books show $500
profit monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN.
FOR sale—A 17-room house. Call after 12,
162 Fourth st.
LODGINC-KOUSES FOB SALE—Con.
A. CAMERON & CO. Phcn- South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and UovveJ.
Headquarters lor Roominx-houses, Hotels anu
All Kinds of Business Chances.
100 rooms; heart of business center; grand,
new, modern building with all the up-.0-aaM
appliances; steam heat, electric light ana ele
vator; furnishings and draperies the best,; tne
cheapest rer.t in San Francisco for downtown
house; rare opportunity to get first-'-last, ousi
ness that will pay $400 to $500 per month,
owner must leave city; only with us.
30 rooms; flrst-class new transient house;
well furnished and doing flne business: owner*
are getting old and wish to retire irom busi
ness.
ti-rvom upper flat corner; rent $50; lease if
wanted; beautifully' furnished; only turnlsnea
one year and cost $12S0: bargain at $000.
11 rooms; Geary, close in; cheap rent; fur
nished in oak and mahogany; carpets nest
class; all full and clearing nice little Income;
must leave city; price $750.
40 rooms; brand new up-to-data proposition;
beautiful building, furniture, carpets and dra
peries of the best; flne location; near Market,
cheap rent; 5 years' lease; clearing over $-00
per month; all full nice roomers; any one
locking for flrst-class new house can't overlook
this; part cash, balance paid out of house;
price, $3500.
9-room modern upper flat; rent $50, water
free; only 5 months furnished, with elegant
furnishings; choice block Ellis st.: $300 down,
balance can be paid $25 per month.
One of the swellest S3-room family hotels in
San Francisco, catering to same class of people
as St. Francis or Palace; furniture, carpets
and furnishings of the best; everything up to
date; there Is nothing that excels it in this
city; never been on market before; this hotel
now clears, over all expenses, $1400 per month;
best of reasons for selling; this house cost $40,
-000 to furnish; to be sacrificed for $24,000; ex
clusively with us.
16 rooms; Eddy st.; $66 rent; oak and cherry
furniture; carpets good, and clears $75 per
month; leaves 3 best rooms for family; part
down, balance can be made from house.
19 rooms, located In flrst-class neighborhood,
close In; rent is only $S5; extra well furnished
and clearing $61 per month; all full; part
housekeeping; price $1400.
60 rooms, all light and sunny: close in;
beautiful new building; flne entrance; elegantly
furnished throughout in weathered oak. mahog
any, birdseye maple; finest velvet and Axmin
ster carpets; long lease with cheap rent; clears
$300 per month; never before on market; illness
at husband causes sale; only with us.
6-room modern flat; new 6 months; rent $25:
beautifully furnished; flne location; and cost
over $900 to furnish; snap at $400.
70-room country hotel; best interior town in
State; barroom. " 2 dining-rooms and 5-room
cottage besides; rent $100 per month; can get
10 years' lease; brick building; everything flne
condition; flne business proposition.
21 rooms, south Market: rent $S5; well fur
nished and clearing $75 per month; cost over
$1200 to furnish; can be had for $850. with
one-half cash, balance 1 per cent.
57-room, new and modern apartment house:
exquisitely furnished In weathered oak, ma
hogany and birdseye maple, Axminster and
velvet carpets; 2 and 3 room apartments; 5
years' lease: full flrst-class people; obliged to
leave for the East.
14 rooms, Eddy; cheap rent; wel! furnished
in oak, with good carpets; part housekeeping;;
where you can clear about $50 and have nice
little home with small amount of work; price,
*7CO.
35 rooms, part housekeeping; rent only $140;
oak furniture; fine carpets; clearing $I.V> per
month: long lease; can be had for $1800 down,
balance time at low Interest.
.18 rooms, south of Market; rent only $70;
well furnished and full of men roomers: clear\
$9.1 to $100 per month the year round; this is
a pickup for making money—sl2so.
1G rooms, well located on Eddy; oak furni
ture, good carpets: fine condition; clears $00
ar.d leaves 3 best rooms landlady; reduced tc
$1200.
53 rooms: fine corner: rent only $185: water
free: well furnished and equipped apartment
bouse; fine neighborhood; near Larkin St.; al
ways full and clears over $200 per month;
owner retiring from business; flne Investment
at r 4200; exclusively with us.
Have large list of real eßtate, hotels, room
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FISHER _ CO..
Successors to Mitchell & Co.. in rooming
houses, hotels and flats. James Flood bldg..
Powell and Market, room 430; phone Main 3354
FOR sale—A 20-room lodging-house; must sell
on account of leaving city. Inquire 620
Clay st.
WANTED —To buy lodging-house of about 40
rooms, in good location, with lease. Address
box 4806. Call office.
Rooming-Homes and Hotels for Sale.
H. C. DECKER. 906 MARKET ST.; PHONE
JOHN 631.
Headquarters for
Rooming-houses,
Lodging-houses.
Apartment-houses,
Hotels, Boarding-houses,
Flats. Private Homes,
Stores, Business Opportunities,
City and Country Real Estate,
For sale and exchange.
Over 29 years selling places in this city.
AA—
At the disposal of the people of
San Francisco, Khiron, the Adept,
has placed his Inborn power.
Consult him in times of trouble; consult
him regarding the ordinary events of life.
For the first time during his professional
Career he will reduce his consultation f* to
50c—50c—50c—50c—60c—60c—60c—
P-R-O-F. H. K-H-I-F-O-N,
The Eminent Clairvoyant—Pfvchlc—Mystic,
1031—Market st.—lo3l
Oldest Established —Rest Known
Clairvoyant in California.
Khiron will positively make no charges for
his services until you are entirely satisfied
and find him superior to any palmist, med
ium or clairvoyant in the city; tells your full
name, what you called for, whom and when
you will marry, whether husband, Will or
sweetheart is true or false; names of friends,
enemies or rivals; reads your entire life from
Infancy to old age, giving names, dates,
facts and figures. Advice on business, law,
health, love, marriage, divorce and al! do
mestic and financial difficulties; reunites
separated: renews youth and vital force; lo
cates mines and valuable ones. Positively
guarantees success when all others fail. Call
to-day: hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. Khiron.
1031 Market st.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, who has
been before the public in this city for 20
wars, is permanently located at 17 Third St.,
next Examiner bldg.: she reads your life cor
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
reveals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur in the future: if you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with life
or have domestic, love or business troubles
consult this _reat medium and you will be
told how to overcome them: valuable advice
on all affairs In life. FREE consultation;
26c up; satisfaction guaranteed; next Ex. bid.
MME LYNN.
The Eminent Clairvoyant—Psychic—Mystic.
SPECIAL REDUCTION THIS WEEK.
Readings 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c
Wonderful, bewildering is the work of
Mme. Lynn, whose readings are a revelation;
advice on love, marriage, courtship, business,
mines; also reunites the separated; gives
secret power to control any one in 21 days.
She tells you full name and what you want
to know. All business strictly confidential.
239 Powell st., near Oeary.
Hours, lo a. m. to 8 p. m.
LIVINGSTONE.
For reliable clairvoyant reading consult
LIVINGSTONE.
26% Kearny st.
A—LlNDO —Don't fall to consult »h'« famous
clairvoyant, psychic and healer. 17 Third st.,
next Examiner bid.; hours, 10 a. m. to 8
p. BJ.; readings _f)c.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
with «econd sight; tells past, present, future;
ladies, 50c; gents by cards, $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings. $1 50. 303 Jones.nr. Eddy.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market St., San Francisco. Office hours—lo
a. m to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes
day evening, 6 to 6. Phone South 1141.
MISS WARD. 1206 Market St.. parlor 31, clair
voyant gives names, dates: take■ elevator.
MRS. SHAFFER clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings daily. 10S 6th st.,rooms 1-2.
CLAIHVOYAHTS—
RICHARD MAYO
THE EMINENT
< 'LA ll;\ ■< IYANT.
421 A - ELLIS ST. —121 A
SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
REDUCED FEE.
At a glance the great muster of secrets
knows all; he a3ks no questions and makes
no guesses, hut tells you to the point just
what you want to know, wbat to do and
what to expect, giving names, dates, loca
tions, etc., concerning any one or anything;
secret knowledge and influence placed in your
own hands to remove the cause of any
trouble, failure, influence, disease, misfor
tune or unhappiness, and opens ■ quick and
sure way ior relief, success, information,
happiness an d v,,. contentment you most de
sire; bu-iness. health, love, marriage, di
vorce, property, money, speculation, family
a..airs, changes, positions, personal magnet
ism, physical development, power, etc.
Richard Mayo understands nature's condi
tions and desires of humanity and Is most
generous, sympathetic and confidential with
all who seek his counsel; the special 60c fee
is made this week to give those in moderate
circumstances who are troubled, discontented
or unsuccessful a chant,, to consult him;
regular fe fc $5 and up; remember, if nothing
can be done to your complete satisfaction no
charge will be made.
The secret art of calling you by your full
name, also giving jjour age, occupation, etc.,
etc., will be demonstrated free.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. dally and Sunday.
Private flat,
421 A Ellis st., near Jones.
MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis St., clairvoyant,
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques
tion; names _glven: $1; hours, 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clair. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c.
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
MME. KRONENBERG, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader; when others fall try me; read
ings 25c. 102% Sixth St.. near Mission.
MRS. REYNOLDS, materializing. Tuesday.
Wednesday. Friday eves. 513 Tenth St.,
Oakland; 50c.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller. Is now at 317 Ellin st.*
SPIRITUALISM.
A—MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14, Gait House.
ALL skeptics should witness Mme. Young's
spirit messages to-night; 10c. 619 McAllister.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth st.
MME. EILERBFICKEN, spiritual life read
ings dally; this week 25c. 1035 Market st.
FRED P. EVANS, the world's most famous
slate-writing psychic. Office 1112 Eddy m.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium; 3568 17th
st.; readings 1 to 8: tel. Capp 856.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made,
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery st., rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
DENTISTS.
DR. F. H. CAMP uses the Basford Obturfder.
the only device by means of which sensitive
teeth may be drilled or ground absolutely
without pain. For a demonstration call at
rooms 517-18 Callaghan bldg., corner Market
and McAllister sts.; phone Howard 3563.
A NEW plate—The Whalebone —Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns $3 50: fillings 50c:
plates. $5, full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market,nr.Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
FILLINGS. 25c and 50c; crowns, $2. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 36c; crowns, $2; no
pain; op.Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewitt,lol % Grant aye.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentlst.r.l4,lst
floor. Phelan bid., 806 MaAet. cor.O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental parlorr. 235 Kearny, cor.Bush—
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary et.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant aye.
CHEAPEST and best In America—The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
DRESSMAKING at reasonable rates: chil
dren's sewing a specialty. 191 Seventh st.,
room 2.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EpurCATIONAI..
A—THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col
leges. Is now In Its twelfth year; the work
is better than ever before; departments In
English literature, languages, mathematics,
history, sciences, etc., cannot be surpassed
In excellence of instruction; two of the best
teachers In California are In charge of Eng
lish and of mathematics. Come and we will
prepare you well. Refs. President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Day and even
ing sessions. Phelan bldg.
AT 2 p. m.. Mondays, Wednesdays and Thurs
days, classes In short-story writing and
Journalism are taught at r. 333, Phelan bldg.:
terms very moderate: Join these classes; in
struction thorough; real and rapid progress.
E. R. ATKiss. rounder ot Ayres Business Col
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured: day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America: positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering! 24
Post St., 3. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light: all graduates are getting posi
tions. S. F. Business College. 738 Mission st.
ENGINEERING—CiviI, elec.. mln.. mech.. sur
vey, assay, cyanide: day. eve.; est. 1804. Van
ncr Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING. Eng., Math., etc.. day and
eve ; individual instr. 305 Larkin st. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 2» Post St.
Established 1863; largest In the West; an
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
IRVING Institute School for Girls. 2126 Call*
fern!.-, st.; Easter term begins Tuesday,
January 3. 1005.
GERMAN piano teacher, long experience; late
from Germany; wishes few more pupils. 219
Golden Gate aye.
A—GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL
LEGE. 11S2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A—METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
aye.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
Arlth..gram.,bookkpg.shorthand.s6 m.; day,eve
mdlv. instruc. Western Bus. Col.. 1281Mkt.n 9th
YOUTH wishes drawing instruction In pen and
ink or charcoal; state terms. Box 5205, Call.
MME. PRILL'S Piano School, London Con.
2105 Gclden Gate aye.; resident pupils taken.
BOOKKEEPING —Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR. expert. 217 Parrott building.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln
man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgomery.
SCHOOL OF £*y~ana
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.—Night class.
SPANlSH.French.etc.Prof.De Fillppe'sAcademy
of lancuages.lolS Post: est.lB7l :ablest profs.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A—ORPHEUM Employment Office—Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell st.: tel. Main 5752.
A—JAPANESE and Chinese help! Wi£
TOSHY, 415 Stockton st.: tel. Bush 859.
CHINESE Employment Office—Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of
tlce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—-FEMALE.
GERMAN cook; also German second girl; both
wish situations In the same family. See J.
_K. CROSETT ii co.. :;:u Sutter st.
SWEDISH girl wants a situation to do gen
eral housework in a small family; wages
$2<>. Please call at 2756 Harrison st., near
Twenty-fourth.
CARETAKER or Janltress, private house or
public butlding; experienced, educated Eng
lish woman wishes above; understands
French and German. Address box 5367, Call.
A NEAT, intelligent girl wishes second work;
Al references. Phone South 1162.
EMPLOYMENT -IW
AN Eastern girl for general housework and
cooking in American family; small washing,
city or Oakland; wages $25. 612 A Octavia
St., near McAllister.
BY Eastern lady, position in wholesale house;
competent in any department; millinery pre
ferred. MRS. BALES, phone Hyde 4111.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes position In private
family; American and German cooking; best
of references. 2413 Clay '.St.
X STRONG woman wants housework; small
family; city or country. 324 Mason St.;
pbOQ* Black 2306.
A REFINED girl, well raised, wishes care of
children; best of references. Phone South
1162. ■
ELDERLY lady wishes to keep house for
widower; no washing; or care for child. Call
or address 1777 Stockton st.
SITUATION wanted by competent German wo
man as housekeeper or general housework.
Box 5415, Call office.
A YOUNG Swedish girl wishes a position for
general housework. Call 6% Sumner St.. off
Howard.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as stenographer
or saleslady; best of references. Box 5308,
Call office.
A GIRL wishes a situation to do light house
work; $18 to $20. Call at 2251 Lombard st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work by the
day, week or month. Box 5411. Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day, wash
ing or hcusecleantng. Box 5413, Call.
A RESPECTABLK young woman would like
another engagement as nurse for ladles in
confinement; willing to do light housework;
reference given. C. A., box 4766, Call.
WANTED—By a German woman, work by the
day, washing and Ironing or housecleanlng.
Apply at 142 Sixth st.
WANTED—Permanent position to clean and
care for private or business offlces. by a
competent and trusty German woman; refs.
glv*n: please call at 632 Minna st. MRS.
R. BERK.
LADY of culture and refinement desires a
position as housekeeper, companion or to
Instruct small children; good home more de
sired 'ban large salary; no objection to
country or to travel. Box 5013, Ca.ll office.
ETXPERIEN' "ED housekeeper, good cook and
manager, wishes position: wages $26 to $3o;
references Box 5248, Call office; phone Page
1460.
A NO. 1 cook; understands cooking In all Its
branches; hotel, restaurant or private fam
ily; best of references; city or country. Box
5328, Call office.
A RESPECTABLE young woman would like
another engagement as nurse for ladles In
confinement; willing to do light housework;
reference given. C. A., box 4766, Call.
NORTH German Infant's nurse wishes situa
tion; flrst-class references, both Eastern and
city. Box 5094. Call office.
AS visiting governess or teacher; English; pub
lic school system If desired; certificated;
German, music; references. Box 4623, Call.
EXPERIENCED stenographer, engaged during
day, desires work home evenings. Address
box 5262. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED lady (Danish), good cook and
excellent housekeeper, seeks position. Box
6143, Cal! office.
WANTED—Children's dressmaking and plain
sewing, by the day or at home. Phone
Church 4247. '
WANTED —By a German woman, work by the
day: washing and Ironing or houseoleanlng.
Apply at 146 Sixth st.
COMPETENT woman wishes few nice fami
lies by day to wash, clean or chamber
work. 488 Geary st.; phone Brown 82.
WOMAN wants work by the day. washing or
housecleaning; $1 50 snd car fare. MRS.
OSGOOD. 115 Hayes st.
A YOUNG lady wishes a position as assistant
bookkeeper: can do any kind of office work.
Box 5184, Call.
HAIRDRESSING and manicuring at ladles'
homes by expert. Address Hairdresser,
1C26 Clay st.
WANTED—By experienced nurse, take full
charge of baby from birth; beet of refer
ences. Call at 542*. Bryant, near Fourth.
RESPECTABLE woman wants to take In
children's and white sewing; also mending.
MRS. A.. 2115 Powell st.
REFINED young lady wishes position In doc
tor's office or as cashier. Address box 5020,
Call office.
WOMAN, refined, wants housekeeping position
in or out city. 131 Montgomery st, r. •.
•YOUNG Japanese girl wants position as plain
cook and houseworker in small family, near
the eleventh block of Larkin st.; $4 50 week.
S. SAKAKI, 1484 Fulton st.
JAPANESE woman who Just came from Ja
pan wants a situation as schoolgirl In small
family; city. H. NOKOSAKA, 811 Stock
ton st; tel. Bush 825.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALI.
SCANDINAVIAN gardener, or man about
place, best of references, wishes situation.
See J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra
mento st.
AAA —FIRST-CLASS painter, paperhanger,
tlnter and gralner wants work by the day
or job; work guaranteed; tools furnished;
prices cheap. 1454 Devlsadero st
SALESMAN of ability and experience wishes
position as city solicitor or traveling sales
man; best of references; bond can be fur
nished. Address J. H. G., 1651 Mission st.
A YOUNG man from the East wishes position
as coachman or position on gentleman's pri
vate place; first-class references. Address
box 1625, Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG man with rome experience wishes po
sition as nurse's helper In a city hospital,
with chance to advance; give me a start.
Box 1652. Call.
SITUATION wanted as Janitor in building or
apartments; understands steam; sober; re
liable. Box 5364. Call.
AMHITIOI'S young man would like position
us salesman; can furnish best of references.
Apply C. A. V.. 299 Hyde st
GARDENER. single. wishes situation on
gentleman's place; thoroughly exjierlenced;
Eastern references. Box 5309, Call.
HARKEEPER wants position; sober; compe
tent: references. Box 542-54 San Pablo aye.,
Oakland.
A RELIABLE man "wants position as stable
man. Box 1685, 1008 Market st.
A—COOKS, man and wife, desire permanent
position in country, mine, ranch or boarding
house : location no object; experienced; cap
able of taking charge: wages moderate; good
references. Address W. S. D.. 1735 Sixth st,
West Berkeley, California.
YOUNG man, age 24. strictly temperate; little
experience in cooking; handy with tooU,
wants position in private family Or hotel;
wages reasonable. Box 5280, Call office.
AS attendant-companlcn to invalid or mental
patient by thoroughly completent, reliable
male nurse and masseur; must be permanent.
Box 5050. Call office.
RANCH foreman wants place; Improve new
lands for alfalfa, orchard, vines, raise vege
tables for resort or canneries; experience;
references. Address 217 Minna et.
POSITION as diet cook in Institution or hos
pital; past 7 years in U. S. Army hospitals;
best of physicians' references. J. A. H.,
room 57. 101 Grant aye.
YOUNG .man, 23 years of age. good penman,
flne appearance and education, desires posi
tion of any kind of clerical work; can speak
Spanish fluently. Box 4708. Call office.
BY strong young man. 17. to learn trade*,
either cabinet-making or mechanical en
i glneerlng or will work In wholesale house
V wher? advancement is possible. E. C. 8.,
877 Fourteenth st.: phone Jessie 3041.
A BOY aged 19 wants any kind of position;
of See work preferred: can give best of ref
erences. 2811 Howard st, city.
A THOROUGHLY experienced, reliable gar
d°ner with good references would like steady
posltlan. Box 5218, Call office.
PAINTER, w'th tools, wants work by day or
jcb. tinting, w'.iltenlng. J. HUNTER, 1877
O'Farrell st.; : hone Stelner 10T5.
A YOUNG man (Swedish) wishes place with
fresco painter* 1* handy with all kinds of
drawings. 2631 Nineteenth at.
A YOUNG Swedish man wishes a place as
Janitor; willing to work. Address 2631 Nine
teenth st.
WANTED—Position aa foreman or manager
In planing mill: references; SO years' expe
rience. F. X , 5996 Genoa at . Oakland.
WANTED—>By young German, position as
dishwasher, pantry or liorter; has worked In
bakery. Address or call 30 Minna st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— Mai s —Con.
GENTLEM A N from the East, with In ~.
practical business experience and , ( . ,
years as manager of manufacturing .
went, would like position in any
work with opportunities for advancement;
willing to start on moderate salary; t>-tt
references. Box 4717. Call.
FIRST-CLAPS bricklayer will do any k;M ..<■
brick week by the day or by the week; give
good sailsfactlon; prices reasonable. 147
Fifth st.; tel. Howard 3187.
POSITION wanted by young man, 22 >
age, college graduate, in electrical engineer
ing; best of references. L. A. OARY. 1523
Stanton st.. Alameda, j
GARDENER wishes situation; competent in al!
branches; greenhouses, orchard. JfegeU
and landscape gardening. Box 5230. Call.
HANDY man wants work in any building
has tools; can plaster, paint, do plumbing.
Joiner and machinist. KANE. 342 Minna st
COMPETENT, steady man wants position dis
tributing samples, circulars, etc. 917 Mlssli n
HANDY man wants work by the day; best of
references. Box 6116. Call office.
YOUNG boy, going to Chicago, wishes posi
tion as valet. Address box 5185, Call office.
WANTED—Position by competent man as fire
man or watchman. Box 6163, Call.
SITUATION wanted as watchman or work in
wholessle house. Box 4612, Call office.
WATCHMAN or stableman, small stable, with
references. W. D. D.. 1113 Bryant st.
NO wages—A Japanese wishes to do little work
early every morning fcr room and board In
a private family; references. 8. K.
GEORGE, 417 Jones st.
YOUNG Japanose boy wants position to do
housework. FRANK, Japanese Gospel So
ciety, 726 Geary st.
JAPANESE young boy wants position to ds
housework; speaks English well. FRANK K.
UNDO, 7003 Guerrero st.; phone Blue 2831.
YOUNG Japanese couple want places; man Is
cook; wife wait at table and housework;
wages $40 a month; both speak English. No.
31 Telegraph aye., Oakland.
AN experienced Japanese boy wants situation
to do chamber or general housework.
FRANK. 685 Sutter St.; tel. Red 5518.
GOOD Japanese wants a position to do house
work, wait or help cook. JOHN USAWA.
1406 Pacific St.
A Japanese experienced cook wants position in
private family. 1644 Polk; tel. Larkin 3862.
CHINESE first-class cook wishes situation la
private family. 1112 Stockton st.
ECSHMA OT7BH.
$100 FREE) for any case of ecaema, salt rhenna
or barber Itch that I can't cure; a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st.
FLATS TO LET.
A—HOUSES and fiats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-59 Geary
St., on tbe square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de
sirable vacant place in San Francisco on
our lists; service absolutely free; let us find
you a place; come in and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "we
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company,
1039 Market st., opp. McAllister.
NINETEENTH. 3980. block from Eighteenth
or Castro ears—Lovely sunny lower flat. 5
rooms with extra room on porch: key lot;
$23 50; water free; must be seen, etc.
NEW. swell sunny flats, 6 rms; every possible
latest convenience; close to the main entrance
to park; 5 car lines: one runs all night. Ap
ply 7th aye., nr. Fulton st.: open 12 to 4.
NINETEENTH and Noe, northeast corner—
Lovely sunny upper 5-room modern flat;
storeroom; $22 50; water free. ROBINSON
& KNOX. 1808 Market st.
DOLORES. 975, near Twenty-second—Beauti
ful new lower flat, 6 sunny rooms and bath;
low rent. G. B. CONANT. 240 Montgomery.
BUCHANAN. 2830 near Vallejo—Bonton ma
rine view; new flats; beamed ceilings: mid
dle, upper; 6 and 7 rooms; $86-$4O; open.
ELEGANT, sunny; Just finished: 5-6-8 rooms;
rents $30-$32 50-$47 50; cor. Sacramento at.
and First aye.; swell neighborhood.
NINETEENTH and Noe, northeast corner—
Lovely sunny upper 5-room modern flat:
storeroom: $22 50: water free.
CORNER Buchanan and Green—New sunny B
room flats; modern; main hall and stairway
carpeted. lighted and janitored; open.
BUNNY flat, 4 sunny rooms anil bath; stable
for 2 or 4 horses. ' 834 Treat aye., near
Twenty-flrat and Folsom sts.
FRANKLIN. 2350. between Broadway and
Vallejo—Upper and lower flats; marine view;
rent moderate.
NEW upper flat, 6 rooms; all conveniences;
$20. Cor. Preclta and Treat ayes. Key
grocery.
CENTRAL aye., 400—8 rooms, all facing on
park panhandle; all sunny rooms. Key at
1588 Fell st.
NEW, elegant flats; latest Improvements; Just
finished; park panhandle. STRAUB, 630
Market st.
FLAT, 7 rooms; rent $27 50. 1588 Fulton St.
NEARLY new. sunny, upper flat to let, 4
rooms and bath. 836 Tehama st.
DUBOCE aye., 29. near Mission—Sunny corner
flat of 8 rooms and bath; rent $40.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 4150, near Castro—New.
modem, upper flat, 6 rooms and bath: $21.
NICELY furnished 4-room flat; modern Im
provements; piano; rent $20. 20 Lloyd st.
TURK, 520»_ —Sunny flat, 5 rooms, bath,
basement, yard; adults only; rent $30.
MODERN sunny flat. 7 rooms, 2 attic rooms,
basement. 1428 Green St., nr. Van Ness ays.
NEW, elegant 9-room flat. 1161 Turk at
POST. 2607 —A flat of 5 rooms; all modern
improvements: no children; rent $16.
POLK, 2508. near Filbert—2 new modern flats.
6 r. and b.; rent $32. $34; grand bay view.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 4032—Sunny flat. 3 rooms,
bath and gas; $12; no children.
$25—MODERN sunny flat. 5 rooms; garden.
2721 Pine st., near Devlsadero.
PAGE. 1735-37—Handsome upper and middle
flat; 6 sunny rooms & bath each; rent $32 60.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON A HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
FLATS TO LET—PTOHISHED.
Broad way flat. 4
rooms, bath, furn. complete, marine view.
16 minutea to town; rent $28; will rent part.
HANDSOME modern flat of 5 rooms; hand
somely furnished; near Geary, east of Leav
FURNISHED house: 2502 Cley St.. near Fill
more; sunny side; 7 rooms, bath, piano;
oner 11 to 4.
FLATS FOR SALE —FURNISHED.
FOR sale—s-room flat; furnished less than 2
years: a beautiful sunny flat; two views of
bay: in swell location; sell only on account
of change of business: a sunny corner; no
agents. Box 5395. Call office.
FINELY furnished flat; 9 rooms: central;
cheap: flne location for room renting or of
fices 717 Sutter.
PINE. 988—9 r.. b.: modern flat; clean, well
furnished: your own price this week; r. $4<>.
MCALLISTER. 120—Furn. flat. T ran.; $175 If
tsken at once; owner leaving city; flat 1.
FTJX.NITTJHE WANTED.
"WE LL GET YOUR BUSINESS"—We psy
the most money for furniture, carpets, office
fl*tings, merchandise and houses. MARK J.
LEVY AUCTION CO. 1321 Market St.. be
ta ten 9th and 10th. Phone South 179.
ABE LEVY,
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
HERD. sue. 1636 Market; phone Jessie 2336.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur"
nlture. carpets, etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush Sl3
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission st. be
fore selling ycur furniture. Phone Red 44«2.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
A couch $2, bedlounge $2 50.
b ht,sold,ex. Anderson's.lOTurk; tel.South SOSFOR HAVE VARIETY 0T HCPCHANIDISI!
and a second girl, Menlo Park; see lady
office 11 o'clock to-day $35 $25
2 cooks. German style; no washing. .$35-$4O
cook. American family adults. Alameda..sBo
Housework no washing. Redwood City. .$3O
4 second girls, city, San Rafael, Men 10..525
3 German nurse girls $25-*3O
Nurse girl, 2-year-old boy $30
Housekeeper, 2 men. for Santa Crus Co. .820
2 housework girls for country $25
3 waitresses for city hotels , $25
Waitress, country hotel $25
Housework, Ross Valley, no washing $30
Lots of other very nice place* for different
work; best we have haa for a long time.
Call early. J. F. CROSETT ft CO., 334 Sut
ter St.
AT C. R HANSEN ft CO.'S Phone Grant 188.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
5 waitresses, near Lo* Angeles $35
10 waitresses, Coronado Beach $25
8 waitresses, resort Santa Barbara *26
80 waitresses, country and city hotels |25
Woman, general v,ork. seaport, rare paid.*2o
Waitress, commercial hotel, south $25
Waitress. Institution, country . .$25
Cook for few boarders, springs, party here,
fare paid. $25 found.
Waitresses, restaurants, 1 day off. .$8 week
Cooks, housegirls, second girls, nursegirla
C. R HANSEN ft CO. 429 Bush st
A COOK. Nevada. $36: Berkeley, $80; cook,
2oX' $! !? ; .".^ ok „' n<J •• con <» Strl, same house,
$30 and $25; 3 hot.-work girls. 880 ea-h
MRS. NORTON, COS Mason st.
GIRLS to learn halrdressrng. manicuring etc.;
trade taught from A to Z In 2 wk«.; tuition
$5 to those entering now; 8 position* to All
Immediately, positions guar, at $10 per week
up; only recognised college of it* kind on
coast; day and eve, clas*. 283 Geary, r. IS.
WANTED—GirIs to learn millinery now for
spring season; both seasons taught from start
to finish In one month for $15; position* as
trimmers, salesladies maker* guaranteed at
810 per week up; 7 position* to be filled by
nrst of year. Parlors 143 Stockton St.. r. 18.
A—PACIFIC College teaches halrdressing,
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognized college of Its kind on ooast; day
snd evening classes; all parlor work at re
duced prices. 183 Powell st
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER
ALLS. JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX
PERIENCE NECESSART; STEADY WORK;
GOOD PAY. LEVI STRaUSS A CO., 32%
FREMONT ST. MR DAVIS.
IN OAKLAND. COR. 10TH AND CLAY STS.,
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECES
SARY STEADY WORjf; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS * CO.
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS. OVERALLS AND
ENGINEER JACKETS. STANDARD FAC
.V, COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
'ANTED— A woman who has had experience.
h< a trained nurse for a remunerative and
retponstMl position; one who can give un
qualified attention to work and who ls am-
Oitlous to earn more than a living. Address
►pi irtunity, box 5110. Call office.
WANTED—LadIes to learn hairdreaslng, man
:: .:;V 'ariai massaire and scalp treatments:
■» week> complete?; expert Instructors; call
--v tp Holer System Co.. »"40 Sacramenf
ALL h:-iirdressing, manicuring, face massage
and s air treatments are free at the MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 649 Sacramento st.
Hours l to 1; trade taught.
WAXTF.D—-F1 rst-claae jacket alteration hand.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
TH ROUGHLY competent 6ale»lady; $25 per
week tq right party. 809 Market St.. room
ti'i'V.* NO, competent girl, cooking and house
work: .family oi three adults. Apply with
rastrensSst Valencia st.. 10-12. ■
WANTED- Competent cook and housekeeper:
gi in 1 ., rteady position: tv>ree In family; ref
er- aces. Call from 9so 11 a. m , 1997 Oak.
LADY agents: up-to-date hustlers; agents
maki so per day; article cf merit: $1 per
day :»nd commission. 927 Market St., r. 203.
GIRLS wanted to fold and atltch swell book-
Li WARD KNOWLES CO., 24 Second.
A fRL tor housework and assist with cook
ing Apply after oa. m.. 12.17 O'Farrell st.
WANTED—GirI for second work and waiting.
GlltL for housework and cooking. 1102 Pag*
st.. corner Broderick.
GIRLS wanted. National Laundry, 3844 Eigh-
WA NTKD—Ladles to learn the barber trade.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; aalary no object.
WANTED—To employ lady .with knowledge of
music; ref*r*noe« required: work outside of
r ., v gs*Jo -»r year Hox 4«07. Call office.
NEAT APPEARING young graduate nurse at
$10 to $I per week: pei inanwit; must be
rraduate of high »chool. DR C, 438 Capp.
ALL hairdrcssing, manicuring, face massage
ard se a ip treatments are free at the Moler
System College. 649 Sacramento; hours 1-4.
YOUNG girl wanted. 32 Shotwell *t.
EARNEST business woman for a position out
of the city. Box 5102. Call office.
KELP WANTED—KALE.
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU,
101-802 Starr King bldg , 3d floor, 121 Geary.
Conducted on Strictly Bualnes* Principles.
Positions secured for:
fcfflce men. Assistant bookkeeper*.
Bookkeeper*. Hotel clerks.
Stenographer*. Railroad -lerka.
Office managers. Timekeepera.
Correspondent clerk*. Collectors
Accountant* Bill clerk*.
, Shipping clerk*.
Traveling *al*smen. Law office clerks
Manager for dept. store*. Entry clerk*
Cashier*. Cigar clerk*.
Credit men. Dry good* clerks.
feecreUrie*. Receiving clerk*.
General office work In all line* of bueines*.
Office* ar>d representatives in other cities.
Apply American Commercial Bureau,
801-302 Starr King bldg.. 3d floor. 121 Geary »t.
OPPORTUNITIES FOR ADVANCEMENT.
To those that are already employed and
seeking* to better their conditions without
danger to your present connections, assuring
you of every position you are competent to
fill, no matter where located, we will tell
how we bring your ability to the attention
of hundreds of employers who need high
grade men for executive, clerical, technical
and salesmen positions: offices in other cities.
AMERICAN" COMMERCIAL BUREAU,
301-302 Starr King bldg., 121 Geary at.
At C. R. HANSEN A CO.'S, 429 Bush st.
Tunnel tlmbermen, fre* fare $2 75 day
Boa* in our office today.
2d cook, hotel, city $60 found up
Cook, boarding-house, city 850 found
Night watchman and run elevator, $20 fd.
Barkeeper, German, city $60
Lunehman, German, city $50
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 429 Bush st.
WE NEED GOOD MEN
To fill the orders received dally: many of
the beat firms come to us for men: we can
ahow that we place our subscribers in good
position*; our publication reache* employers
weekly; whether employed or not. we can
help you: Investigate us.
COMMERCIAL CLEARANCE COMPANY.
415 Starr King bldg.
AT HORD A SMITH'S.
Contractor*' Agent*. 95 Third at.
Teamsters bay ahore, $2.
Solicitors, tea and coffee, 60 per cent.
WANTED —Second-class leading *hlp drafts
man. $5 52 per diem. Navy Yard, Mare Is
land. Cal. An examination will be held at
the Navy Yard. Mare Island. Cal.. February
21, 1906, to fill the above position and for
the purpose of establishing an eligible regis
ter of ship draftsmen. For application and
further Information, address "Commandant,
Navy Yard, Mara I»land, Cal." i
PARTY with $350 In light business; good
profit, light services required; A No. 1 busi
ness. Inquire 283 Fourth St.. barber shop.
8-CHATR barber shop for sale, cheap; 2 living
rooms in back: cheap rent and good location.
647 % Howard st. ■ w
BARBER shop for sale; must be sold this
week. 200 Drumm St. *
-?*S^. WAI J!S BD —MALE—Continued.
A—MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay *t
TU _ Phone Main 6848.
HE ? lOHT OP MAN TO TJVE; THE
t ... RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK,
jading Employment and Labor Agents.
gavo m 1904 1905 we hope to
b4,000 men work. increase 64,000
Butcher shop and slaughter. San Mateo Co.,
$35 and Id.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Concrete finisher, country Job, $4 day; work
ing foreman, ranch, south. $30 and fd.;
basketmaker, city; dairyman, north, $40
and found.
14 farm hands, ranch teamsters, chore men
and boys. $15 to $35 and fd.
i milkers and dairymen. $30 to $40 and fd.
Man and wife, fruit ranch. Placer County,
$32 50.
TEAMSTER, CITY.
Teamster, 2-horee lumber wagon. $2 50 day.
COOKS. COOKS. COOKS.
8 cooks, restaurants, near city. $18 week fd.
Second cook, city Job. $45 and fd.; 2 second
cooks, near city. $14 week.
14 cooks, waiters, porters and kitchen hands
and other places, $20 to $75 and found.
Bellboys, elevator boys.
FOREMAN.
Man to take charge of marble quarry, see
bos* here, good wages.
Man to run marble mill and work*, see party
here, top wage*.
MURRAY A READY. 684-686 Clay *t.
RANCH FOREMAN.
Ranch foreman, good ranch, south, must
hare reference* and be a good horseman,
$50 and found.
MURRAY ft READY. 634-636 Clay st.
LATE ORDERS.
Camp blacksmith, R. R, good Job, $3 day.
Machinist, city factory, $2 50 to $2 75; shap
er hand, woodwork, furniture factory, $2
day; man to run cotton carder, cMy job.
3 waiters, country restaurant, $35 and fd.
Choreman, private place, $35 and fd.
Butcher, small market, country, $35 and fd.
MURRAY ft READY, 634-636 Clay «t.
WANTED —Merchandise man as store promot
or; must know thoroughly all line* of dry
j good*; also buyer for men* furnishing goods
department; both must furnish flrst-class
references. Write, with full particulars,
GEO. B. PECK DRY GOODS CO., Kansas
.City. Mo.
MAN —Energetic, willing to learn, under 85,
to prepare for Gov't position; beginning sal
ary in railway msil »ervice $800 per year;
good future. See W. L. COFFEY. 465 Par
rott building.
WANTED—26O men to know that "The Best"
still leads and ls the cleanest and most com
fortable lodging-house in the city; rooms. 10c
to 28c 607 California St., near Kearny.
PAINT salesman, young man of good ad
dress, who has had experience selling to the
trade: liberal salary and commission. Room
415 Starr King bldg.
WANTED—Or.c or two men to learn a trade:
must have $10 security; no Sunday work.
Call 212 First st.
WANTED—Baker*; foreman on bread; country-
Box 5412. Call.
OFFICE boy; must have references, 126
Kearny st, room 29.
EXPERIENCED solicitors wanted at 7 Sixth
street.
BOY wanted. 1103 Market st.
i GOOD barber wanted. 824 Polk st.
WANTED—Good agent; $6 per week and lib
eral commission. 1523 Mission st.
; BARBERS—Four-chair shop; a snap; choice
location on Market st.; rent $35. See COLE
MAN, 70S Market st.
SMALL boy to stay in office; living at home.
Apply ,by letter to box 5378, Call.
GOOD two-chair barber shop for sale; three
living rooms; leaving city. 1547 Mission st.
BARBER-SHOP for sale st a bargain if sold
by Feb 1. 729 Mission st.
ATTENTION!
We have opened a flrst-class barber college
In connection with our Los Angeles college;
8 weeks completes the trade under our ex
pert Instructors; wages paid while learning:
positions guaranteed: next ten students at
half our regular price: call or write. Ad
dress GILI.MAN'S COLLEGE. 627 Cl*y st.
WANTED—Men to prepare for railway mall,
internal revenue and custom-house positions;
free cata'ogue. Pacific Correspondence Instl
j tute. Grant bldg., 1096 Market; open evngs.
■ FOUR-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap;
owner going Eaat. 218 Montgomery aye.
i YOUNG man. good address, experienced gro
cery salesman, to handle line of grocery
spe"ialtl-» in city and across the bay; lib
era! salary and expenses. 415 Starr* King
building.
: WANTED- Men to learn the barber trade at
the original JNO. A. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 644 Clay st. 8 weeks completes;
positions guaranteed; expert Instruction;
wages while learning. Call or write (correct
number) 644 Ciay it.
$2000 —BARBER shop of 5 chairs and cigar
stand; established 15 years: fixtures and
stock cost more than the above amount.
For particulars address box 1614, Call office.
I WANTED—A flrst-class map draughtsman and
letterer; cne who ls also a land surveyor pre
ferred. Address, with sample of work, box
534, Salinas, Cal.
WANTED—Laborer* and mechanic* to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor ha*
added ICO new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED—Men to learn the barber trade; 8
weeks completes; positions guaranteed; ex
pert Instructions; wages while learning-
Call or write Moler Sys Col., 649 Sacramento.
WANTED—Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973
-75 Easton aye., St. Louis, Mo.
WANTED—An Industrious and honest young
man, who can do sanitary plumbing and
pipefittlng; Steady work. Box 5245, Call.
WANTED —Three men to learn barber trade;
absolutely tree and will pay you while learn
ing. 751 Mission at.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair- foot-form shoes. $2 50; we pay express
charges. II 3d at..Exam.bid.; open till 9 p.m.
WANTED—Men to fill 300 room* at 20c ~r
night; clothe* closets, hair mattresses, e.ej
trlc light In every room. 681 Howard,nr. 3d.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 571 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third St.. Examiner building.
GOOD, hustling real estate salesman; salary
and commission. 415 Starr King building.
WANTED —4 to 6 chair barber shop; central
location; must stand inves. Box 5072,' Call.
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale; good location.
Inquire cigar stand, 38 Sixth st.
SALESMEN on commission for wholesale and
' retail' coffees, teas, spices, extracts. 25 Main.
BARBER shop for sale: best location in town.
461 Seventh St.. Oaklsnd.
TO be an "expert barber go to Gillett's School;
cheapest and quickest. 611 Commercial at.
AN elderly expert phytlcian on disease* of
men. DR. KINO, 28 Third st
WANTED—Young man to work for his tuition
In S. F. Barber School. 741 Howard st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law & Adjustment Co., 49 Second st.. r. 582.
SAILORS and young men (green handa) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
MEN to learn the detective business: paid
while learning. 997 Market at., room 104.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls, r. 40. Phelan bid.
_Pa»t Com. Geo H. Thomas Po«t. O. A. R.
MEN wanted at 137 3d st, where shoes are re
paired by machinery, sewed soles 10 min.,7sc.
WINCHESTER Hot.il, 44 Third st.. near Mar
ket—7oo room*; 36c night; reading rooms;
free 'bu» 'and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for tb* recep
tion of advertisement* and subscriptions ha*
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
rrW T7l Mission st , bet. Ist and 2d sts.
TO LET.
A—PRINTED list of"houses to""l*t; *end for oir
culsr O. H. UMBSEN ft CO 20 Montgomery.
$32—HOUSE of 7 rooms, bath, laundry; nlc*
gan.en. 11SS Noe st
HOUSES FURNISHED—FOB SALE.
FOR sale —House of 6 rooms, centrally located,
elegantly furnished. Including piano at a
ESr lfl £*. : „ c ** h; WM> - no agents! Bos
5824, Call office.
$875—S-ROOM house, in town, 813 Taylor st :
$30 over rent. Apply bet. 2 and 5 p. m.
FOR sale very cheap—House of 8 rooms
nished; good bargain. 418 Post st
LAUNCHES FOB HIRE.
C. A. McNEILL launch oot
*t.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 53*. i
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1905.
HORSES A27D WAGONS.
15 WAGONS, 9 surreys 2 3-seaters, 4 business
and 9 light buggies, 7 light and heavy carts,
6 rubber-tired runabouts, 2 fine camp wag
ons; horses from $10 up; other stock; must
be sold at half price. Auction every Tues
day, 11 a. m., at 1140 Folsom st., bet Sev
enth and Eighth.
$200—BAY horse, 15:3 bands high; will road
10 miles an hour without stroke of the whip;
reason for selling ls I am disposing of
everything and have no use for horse or car
riage; can be seen at Waterbury's stable,
Berkeley station. L. J. MORAN.
FOR SALE.
Draught stallions weighing over a ton;
prices and terms to suit the times. For
particulars address THEO SKILLMAN, El
Verano, California.
LATEST style rubber tire Victoria, brand new,
cost $1060, will sell at a bargain for $450; 12
new and 2d hand business wagons; 11 flne
business buggies, from $25 up; rubber tire
runabout, carts and harness. 1503 Folsom st.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary' Col
lege now ready; mailed free upan application
to DR. E. J. CREELY.Pres., 611) Golden Gate.
FOR sale—Just arrived. 2 carloads horses from
country. G. LINDAUER, 841 Folsom st.
RUBBER-TIRED buggy for sale. Box 4408,
Call office.
FOR sale—Light driving buggy; condition
good. Box 4605, Call office.
FOR sale—Good driver; 6 years old. Bex
4804, Call office.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagon* and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
CARLOAD gentle business, buggy and livery
horses. E. STEWART ft CO., 220 Valencia, j
Fire sale—All vehicles at reduced prices during
alteration* at O'Brien's. 500 Golden Gate aye.
GOING out of business: new and seoor.d-hand
| v.agrrs »oM cheap. 1680 Mission St.. nr. 18th.
INVESTMENTS.
WANTED—A man with $20,000 to take as mi
i tercet In 3 mines located In Nevada; money
I to be used for developing purposes and neces
-1 tary mills; 'over 100.000 tons of ere now In
! tight that will run from $435 to $.i 5 per ton;
samples of ore can be seen at room 3. 26
Montgomery st. R. E. CALLAHAN.
INSTALLMENT BUILDING.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes, 512 Callaghan building,
will build on you) property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and intereat on
each $1000 of balance due, making your In
stallments lea* than rent; send for circular.
LOST AND POUND.
LOST —A passbook with the HI hernia Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of CHARLES THESiNG. No. 113-004.
The finder will please retu:-n to bank.
LOST—Plain gold ring, attached to handiier
chlef. on Bush st., bet. Mason and Market.
Return to MR. ROSE, Chronicle office; rewd.
LOST —In front Third st. depot, one dress suit
case. Liberal reward on return of same to
Pacific Transfer Co., 17 New Montgomery st.
LOST—A passbook with the Mutual Savings
Bank of San Francisco, No. 7879. The finder
will please return to bank.
LOST —A large St. Bernard dog; name on col
lar, Marcus Nelson. Liberal reward If re
turned to 1047 Shrader tt.
; LOST—GoId locket with photo; Initials L. E.
A. ATKINSON, 416 Turk; tel. Ex 703; rwd.
: LOST —Thursday afternoon, presumably bet.
the St. Francis Hotel and Columbia Theater,
part of pin containing 6 sapphires set with
small diamonds; $20 reward will be paid
upon return to Union Iron Works, 23T Mar
ket St.
ON account of accident the address 1* lost of
all parties having laundry done by Sam Wo,
8816 Webster St.; kindly send address or call
and identify.
! LOST—In gents' lavatory on 8. S. Doric, gold
watch and fob; Initials on locket, F. A. F.
Liberal reward if returned to C. W. SMITH.
16 Washington st.
LOST—A Hibernia Pavings Bank book In the
name of JAMES DOWLING. Please return to
George Gray, Public Administrator, 957
Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
LOST—Mare, white face and white hind leg*,
long mane, long tall: 3 years old; $20 re
ward. Return to 400 Cambridge st.
MEDICAL.
LADIES who are In trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can Snd
immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Francisco
who has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience without a failure has put
bim at the head. He guarantees relitf or no
pay.
DR. WHITE, 702 Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES —Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor yet
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE
LIABLE graduate physician. When in trou
ble confide in me. Irregularities relieved:
the unfortunate helped; I promise best atten
tion and no danger; I guarantee prompt re
sults or no charge. Room 1. Est. 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 306 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, rellabl- specialist for all fe
male troubles and Irregula-itles; instant re
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market st., opp. sth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all' female
complaints and irregula itles; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
VALPEAU'S female pills; lest regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr
inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHER 3.
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oaxland.
MRS. DR. GWYER, BIIA Leavenworth »t., be
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel East 697.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and Hindoo H»rrs;
original method of treatment. 1226 Market.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladles' specialist removed
from 1118 Market st. to 838 Mission, near 4th
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom st.. corner
Twenty-sixth: ladies, relief or no fee: $10.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS
TO order —renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st.: phone South 216.
MISCELLANEOUS—FOR SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, «haftlng, etc., etc., buught, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday paper*.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale *t.
DOEB TOUR ROOF LeXk?
Have you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover It with Mastic Roofing. It is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about it. Elaterlte Roofing Co., 713 Market.
BASE ball—Complete collection of framed pho
tograph* and oil paintings of noted ball play
ers, sold separately or as a whole. Room 3,
307 Sansome st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry sold on credit
by paying one-fifth down, balance payable at
your own convenience. Pacific Jewelry Co.,
21 Stockton st., second floor.
A—BUYS, sells w rents gear machinery en
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITE LAW, 253-255 Spear st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full ires*.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Ht si).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes st $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
PIGEONB, for fancy and squab raising, cheap. ,
I Call Monday, WILSON'S show rooms, 229 ,
j Stevenson st.
2D-HAND building material, cheap; 3500-gal.
tank. J. B. FRENCH. NE. cor. 15th-Vlncla.
PEDIGREED male snd female collie pups. 4248
Nineteenth st.; Castro cars.
CHEAP —Shooting gallery outfit, Including TP
ties and pistols. Apply 5C9 Dupont st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN
TOSH ft WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st, v
SAFES and desks at nearly cost; must make
room. Richardson Bros., 123 New Montgmry.
SAFES and cash registers; new and second
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1386 Market st.
A VERY fine sealskin coat for sale at s bar
gain at Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton *t
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. Tbe Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
■bargains. Bui lard ft Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES—New and second-hand. THE HER
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sises. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ROOMS papered. $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co., 818 Third; tel. Main 418.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
A A AAA —Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast
off clothing. Tel. Davis .823. 650 Sacramento.
Highest p. ices paid for ladles' and gents cast
off clothing. Tilton. 154 oth; tel. Jessie 3916.
PAYS special pric, cast-off fancy ladles' dress
es, gents' clothes. 922 Folsom: tel. Jessie 446.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER ft CO., r. 405. Adams
bldg.. 108 Kearny st.; phone Black 3036.
MONEY TO LOAN.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5% AND 6 PER CENT
CITY OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
1 PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es
tates in probate, undivided interest* in prop
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests In property
purchased.
.....MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
AAA—HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-003 Examiner building.
Quick eettlements. no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
H'hen You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
Ist. 2d or 3d
Mortgages on real estate,
In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest.
Cive full particulars
of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get term* Drake, 453 Parrott bidg.
HIGHLY respectable private- place to obtain
liberal advances on d.amonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Intereat. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
978 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1198
Market and 27_Thdrd st.
A —ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
Ist or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 86 Geary, room 36.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer
rl teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payraents; large business In 48
principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
PRIVATE--Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan C 0.,523 Parrott bid.
MuNEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stonea bought
at W. J. HESTHALS. 10 Sixth at.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos, no removal;
no commission; no publicity. J25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
ON notes, salaries, etc. United Loan ft Trust
Co.. 21 Stockton «t., second floor.
DON'T borrow mimey on salary until you »cc
us. Hutton Credit Co., 102 Mutual Bank Bid.
2 PER CENT per month on valuable*. Port
land Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton »t.
MONEY loaned on mining and oil stock*.
WILLIAM 111NKEL * CO.. 326 Pine ot.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co.. 420 California st.. rooms 14 and 15.
SALARIED people on note. 8. F. DISCOUNT
AGENOT, 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming to salaried
employe*. Room 311. Mutual Say. Bk. bldg
ALL loan* on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
H% ON furniture & pianos $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy *t.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORRELL. 809 Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BEST inducements; best selection of stock.
Over 10 years' experience renting piano*.
Square piano* and organs, $1 per month.
Good uprights. $2 and $2 50 per month-
One year rental allowed.
The best Instrument in the city for $3 month.
SCOTT CUP.TAZ. 560 Haye* at,
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS.
1 French upright $55
1 Stoddard, mahogany $113
Also one Chlckerlng. Weber, Vose, Sterling.
Stelnway, Curtax. Rudolph, Fischer, Ham.*
and other*. Easy payments. BENJ. CUR
TAZ ft SON, 16 O Farrell st.
A GREAT Installment sale: easy terms at cash
prices; rents $2 up; installments $4 up.
HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Scary st.. San
Francisco, also 1252 Broadway. Oakland.
A SMALL Stelnway upright; cost $500; $185
- takes It. 237 Geary »t.
—-s ~ '■
AN Emerson upright; good condition; left on
•ale. 237 Geary et.
VIOLINS-Two very good instruments can be
bought cheap at 2813 Buchanan st.
ALMOST given away; storage pianos and fur
niture. Whitehead's Storage. 1036 Market st.
$60 UPRIGHT; one $30 upright; one good
square. $20. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister at.
ELEGANT uprights, new A 2d hand,s4s to $500.
Pierce* Piano Factory. Market and 14th sts.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post at.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay
ment*. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up: Chlckerlng baby grand:
Kh<- nineer little used Keeffe's. 2*5 Q'Farr»U.
MINES AND MINING.'
FREE-GOLD mine for sale; must be sold in 30
days; want party to put up $27,000; $100,000
In sight; this is business. Full particulars
address JAMES H. SPENCER, 600 Alice st.,
Oakland.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
RENTS reduced; offices to let; 289 Post, corner
Stockton; all'light rooms; janitor and eleva
tor service.
SMALL store with two living rooms; good sit
uation. Box 5039, Call otfice.
$10, PART of store and show window to let.
1250 Mission.
PERSONALS.
A- MME. GILLINGHAM, dermatologist; rates
this week; ladles with one-half the face
treated can be seen dally; win show perma
nency; home for Datlent*; my personal care
given; will teach; write or call for booklet.
143 Stockton.
THE Star Hair Remedy restore* gray hair, im
proves its growth, stops falling,cures dandruff
and itching aqalp; no stain or aticklneas;
cleanses scalp: at druggists',hairdressers'ac
cept r.o substitute. Star Remedy C 0..1338..1338 Polk
E- C. DERBY, please communicate at once
with P. O. box 17, Bridg'water, Vt.; your
address is necessary In the settlement of an
estate. *"
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. G. 8. MOORE, 332 O'Farrell at.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1599. 2122 Fillmore st.; phone Geary 2051.
AT less than cost; uncalled for *ult», over
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS',
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
"REXRADIO'S" time being fully engaged, he
is unable to receive NEW patients for a few
days.
CATARRH, all kinds, cured; free until Improv
*d. Call or write DR. WILLIAMB. 140 Oary.
INFANTS adopted: maternity villa; private.
Dr. Emilie Funke. 1416 Bth »t.. Alameda.
MENDING~ BUREAU —1714 Cloth
irg neatly mended.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to ordes. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
WRINKLES, freckle*, moles, *unerflous hair
removed; latest meth. Mme. Marie. 1042 Ellis.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; electric needle.
Mrs. Eaton. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room 38.
$i a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market at., between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing.
Art Tailoring, 1644 Mkt., under Bt. Nicholas.
TAILOR-MADE suits $7 50; dress pant* $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wig*;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO., 783 Mkt.
A BRANCH office of The Call for tbe recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
REAL ESTATE—CITY—FOB SALE
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 POST ST.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
Rents Collected. Loans Negotiated.
City Agents for Fireman's Fund Insurance Co.
Publishers of the "Bnyer and Seller." a
monthly paper devoted to the Interest of real
estate owners and those intending to Invest.
Contains a full list of property for sale. Free
on application.
|7,000 —Filbert st.. near Hyde; unsurpassed
marine view: large lot, 45:6x127:0; muat
be sold; make offer.
$28,000—Fourth-st. business property; lot 40x
57:6; 4-story frame building, consisting
of 2 stores and 56 rooms above, renting
for $155 per month.
$40,000— Pacific aye., near Franklin St.; ele
gant residence of 15 rooms. 3 baths,
> aimed ceilings, conservatory, electric
light". cr?dar closets, etc.; flne key lot*
37:0x122:<>; reduced from $50,000 for a
limited time.
$6,250 —Stenyan-st. business property, facing
the park entrance; frame building, coiv
tainlng store and flats above of 5 rooms
and bath; leased for 4 years at $50 per
month; lot 25x106:3; make offer.
$22,000—Jackson st.. Pacific Heights district;
3 elegant modem flats of 8 rooms and
bath each, renting for $215 per month;
lot 27:6x127:8%.
$15,500 —Jackson-st. residence; elegant home of
15 rooms and 2 baths; 3 tolleta, 4 ser
vant!*' rooms; flne lot, 27:6x128.
$B,ooo—Octavla St.. Pacific Heights district:
lot 25x137:6; fine 2-story and attic resi
dence of 10 rooms and bath, furnace,
etc.; rents $60 per month.
$3,25f) —Nice cottage of 6 rooms and bath, on
Eureka St.; lot 25x125; comfortable lit
tle home; make offer.
$7.000 —Seventh aye.. near Lake at.; 2 new
flats of 6 rooms and bath each: lot 25x
120; rents fcr $55 per month; must be
sold; owner leaving State.
$3,500 —Vicinity of Fourth and Folsom sts.;
lot 25x75; 4 flats of 3 and 4 rooms: rent
for |23 per month and always rented;
investigate this.
$6,3oo—Sacramento st.. near East; equity In
good piece of business property close to
water front; 30 feet front; leases will
expire in about one year; needs new
building, which will pay good interest:
bank mortgage $T2OO can remain; make
offer.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 Post st.
MECHANICS' HOME LOTS.
$150 —AND UP—slso.
Near Union and Risdon Iron Works
And Sugar Refinery.
Take cars to Twenty third and Kentucky sts.
See our large signs.
ONLY $50 CASH.
Balance $5 per month.
BALDWIN A HOWELL. Agents,
25 Post st.
BALDWIN * HOWELL,
25 POST ST.
PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
Finest subdivision of home building lets of
fered to tb,e public In years; Parnassus Heights
fronts tbe Golden Gate Park on H st., and ex
tends from Firat to Seventh ayes. <the boule
vard), and back to the Affiliated Colleges.
Our office on the ground, corner of H st.
and Seventh aye.; open every day, lncludlr.g
Sundays; attendant with rig to show you
around.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level aa a billiard table; on grade;
close to flne school and Mission-at. electno
cars: bound to double in value.
$400 each on installments of $10per month;
no taxes: fine lots, near o~ean boulevard;
best residence location south of Golden Gate
Park; these are the cheapest lots In this dis
trict; advancing in nri.e rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st., r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
$10,500 —Including bituminizing of St.: terms to
suit: 3 swell sur.ny flats just completed:
rents $luS<) per annum; every known possible
latest improvement: 16 minutes from City
Hall: 7th-ave. boulevard, nr. Fulton St.. close
to Park; 5 car lines, one runs all night. Ap
ply from 12 to 4, Seventh aye., near Fulton.
FOUR or Aye room modern cottages; wooden
mantels; latest plumbing: tiling etc : near
Folsom-st. electric cars; only $100 cash re
quired: balance to suit. THE DOLAN CO.,
home builders. 1607 Market st. opposite
Franklin.
$7000 —1 ALMOST new flats. 4 and 5 rooms
each; rent $65; latest improvements; 60 feet
front, X lot, 90 feet east of Mission st.; 2. 4,
6 and 8 West aye.. or 32d st.; bank mortgage
$5(100 can be secured at 6 per cent; see prop
erty. DOLAN CO., owners, 24 Montgomery.
FOUR or 5 room modern cottages: wooden
mantels: latent plumbing, tiling, etc.; near
Folsom-st. electric cars: only * 100 cash re
quired; balance to suit. THE DOLAN CO.,
home builders. 1607 Market, opp. Franklin.
TWO cheap lots, 25x125 each: on Homestead
St.. near Twenty-fourth: cars on Twenty
fourth st. Owner, 24 Homestead st.
FINE sanitary plumbing: latest system. AHL
RACH A MAYER 536 Howard st
REAL ESTATE—-COUNTRY—Tor Sale.
INVEST YOUR MONEY IN LAND IN SUT
TER COUNTY.
$65 an' acre buys choice orchard land within
three mllea of three large fruit canneries,
two dried fruit packing establishments and a
large winery; best market center for all kinds
of fruit: the Butte County irrigation ditrh
coming this way; surveys under way for
two electric lines to traverse this section
and an overland road (the Western Pacific)
passing through here all point to a large In
crease In land values; four daily passenger
trains to San Francisco each day now; no
other section offers a better opportunity for
profitable investment; also have some good
dredge mining propositions.
Address M. J. NEWKOM, Real Estate
Dealer, 406 Second st.. Marysville, Cal.
40 ACRES for sale; on county road; 4-room
house; half in new grain: plenty of wood
and water; flne land; 8 miles east of Berke
ley, on proposed electric line; 1 mile from
store, school and postoffice; well fenced and
crossfemed; will take $2250 if sold at once;
$1500 cash, balance long time. J. B. ROOT,
Lafayette. Cal.
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS'
Send postal for catalogue of the beat land
bargains In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
648 Market st.
TO reach Pacific Coast dairymen list your
dairy ranches with Rlanda & Co., 627 Montg.
A WEEK'S news for Scents—The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BAH MATEO EE AX ESTATE.
SAN MATEO SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice Hat of excellent residence
properties, villa sites and acreage. Don't fall
to see us before buying. Investigate San Mateo
Park, the ideal propety of them all. Lots of
about one acre each. Bound to be most valu
able; $900 up.
HAYWARD ADDITION.
Adjoining the town. Business and residence
lots. Street work complete. Covered with ma
jestic oaks. Easy terms. See our local agent,
Frank S. Orummon. San Mateo office open
Sunday.
BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post st.
LOMTTA PARK. LOMITA PARK
LOMITA PARK.
On tbe line of San Mateo electric can; 48
minutes from Rifth and Market sts.
Sewer and water pipes laid.
Pure artesian water.
Lots $400 and up.
Outside the fog belt.
810 to 880 down and $10 per month.
Go down and investigate
• . Maps sent on application.
SELBY, RODGERS A CO.,
Main 878. 116 California at.
Also at Lomlta Park.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally gocd No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $26; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Th*
Typewriter Exchange, 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Ins pec. Co., 508 Market.
MENLO PASK BE AX. ESTATE.
A—MENLO PARK-FAIR OAKS.
Large villa site* and tracts of from on* to
five acres, beautifully wooded and ready for
building; convenient to station and In best part
iof Fair Oaks and Menlo Park; road work free
j of expense to buyers; exceptionally easy term*;
finest climate in vicinity of city; unexcelled
! educational facilities. For particulars write
SELBY, RODGERb ft CO..
Main 673. 116 California st.
ALAMEDA ADVERrS'MTS
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
$3100; $600 CASH; new cottage, 8 rooms; lot
32x156. Call at Railroad aye., west of Fifth
st.; large lot. $10 per foot.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
$187 80 EACH; lot* in Berkeley; on* block
from station; little cash required. RIANDA
* CO.. 637 Montgomery «t
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents—Th* Weekly Call,
16 page*. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FRUITVALE ADVT'SMNTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
CHAB. F. LEE. Phone Vale 296.
, Ofrtoe half block from Fruitvale station.
J $1000—New cottage of 3 room*; stable;
wagon *hed; chicken house* and yard*; grav
eled walks; nice garden; beautiful lot, 2 front
ages, 60x250; close to cars.
$1250— Mot rustic cottage of 4 large rooms;
pantry, buttery; all sewered; chicken houses
j and yards, inclosed in wire fence; nice garden;
fruit trees and flowers In abundance; close to
< street car and school; lot 35x204; nice creek
t flows through property; large shade trees.
1 $1150 —Neat 4-room high-basement cottage;
■ all nicely fenced; good schools, churches and
p<*to:flce close by; property 50x100.
$3250 —Beautiful 5-room bungalow, all ele
; gantly paneled and decorated: handsome art
I mantel: elegant bath; large 2-story barn; car
; riage-house; chicken houses: over half acre of
ground: electric cars pass the door; nestles at
I the base of the foothills; protected from the
. high winds; close to the main county boule
; v.ard. which makes this very desirable prop
-1 erty; grammar school and postoffice near by;
t rms can be given with email caah payment
down; all improvement* brand new.
$600 cash—Beautiful home of 4 large room*;
high basement: concrete foundation; flne well
of water: all set out in small fruits; will make
a fine chicken ranch; no cold fogs or heavy
winds, n-stles at the base of the foothills;
street ears, school*, church and postoffice close
by; flne sandy soil; nearly one acre of ground;
price, all told. $2000; THIS IS A SNAP.
WILL SELL YOU A LOT AND BUILD YOU
A HOME ON EASY MONTHLY
PAYMENTS.
$75 lots in the beautiful Rosa Lee Tract; flne
soil; grand view; new homes rapidly going up:
no cold winds or we* fogs, and lots only $75
each: $5 down, balance $? BO per month.
CHAS F. LEE, 1222 Fruitvale aye.
M. C. GIBSON.
1320 Fruitvale aye. Phone Vale 290.
If you have a lot oartly paid for. or If you
| have part ot the money to pay for a lot and
would like to start to build.
COME AND SEE US.
We have the plans or will draw them to suit
you and will build you a house, pay the bal
ance on your let and furnish the money to
build v'th and let you pay It back In easy
monthly payments.
M. C. GIBSON.
(Phone Vale 290.)
1320 Fruitvale aye., close to East 14th st.
Open evenings and Sundays.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'MTS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND SEAL ESTATE.
MARINE VIEW.
Don't miss this; must be sold at once; elegant
Queen Anne, 6-room, modern house: sunny
side of street; paneled dining-room; pillared
archway from reception hall to parlor;
Quaker fireplace; open plumbing; sunny porch
wit'i turned posts: open lawn; cement walk
around house and only 3 short blocks from
electric train; located in swell neighborhood
on Highland Terrace, which commands ele
gant marine view and a view of foothilla; In
fact a modern, up-to-date dwelling and
only $35C0: small cash payment required.
$3750—Elegant dwelling, located In one of
Oakland's choice residence districts; less than
10 minutes' walk to local trains; house con
tains 7 large, sunny rooms; pretty reception
hall; pillared arch to parlor; paneled dining
room; flne china closet and bookcase built In;
all finNhed in natural pine; large lot, 35x
140 feet: can be had on payments.
Only $2750 —Muat be sold at once; 7-room col
onial house, modern In every particular;
open plumbing: porcelain bath; gas and elec
tricity; all large rooms: 4 bedrooms up
stairs; good sized lot; flne neighborhood;
must be sold at once; price only $2750; very
easy terms: owner must sell on account of
change in business location.
KREISS & HORSWILL.
1070 Broadway.
$25 CASH. $5 monthly; 8 lots. 100x200: grand
site, good soil, lays high, near electric cars
and grand driveway; away from fogs and
cold winds: adjoining East Oakland; aec
tion new and building up rapidly; price all
told $400. Call or send for circular. 455
Seventh St.. opposite Broadway Station.
Oakland: carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
YOC CAN'T STOP OAKLAND'S PROGRESS.
BUT TOE CAN REFUSE A BARGAIN
WHEN IT IS OFFERED.
Good 9-room house; modern bath; large lot;
stable; nice locality; near cars, loca; achoola
and churches; worth $3000; can borrow
$ii()00 on property, stove and carpets go
with place; reasonable offer considered. See
owner at 685 Thirty-fourth atreet. or
BUTTERS tt BUHRING. 468 Eleventh St.,
Oakland.
A SNAP.
$15«0 for a 5-room houae with a small store.
P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 466 10th St., Oakland.
OAKLAND ELATE TO SET.
UPPER flat of 5 rooms; near car line; 3 min
utes to Key route. Apply 84 Broadway,
lower nat, Oakland.
OAKLAND BTOIM to jarr.
OFFICE to let —Handsome ground floor office;
centrally located: carpeted; phone; modern.
Inquire C. E. REED. 468 11th St., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOB SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni
ture. H. Schelhaas.llth sc. cor.atore.Oakland.
San Francisco AdvertisemYs
.BOOSTS TOB KOUSKXEEFTNO.
BROADWAY. 1096. corner Jones—Two unfur
nished ccnnectlng rooms; modern flat; gas,
bath, laundry: $15.
BRYANT, 421—One or two nicely furnished,
sunny rooms for housekeeping; gas.
ELLIS, 888—Three nicely furnished, sunny
connecting rooms, housekeeping; gas, bath
and phone.
FELL, 29, near Market—Nloely furnished sun
ny rooma lor housekeeping, or single; gas
and phone.
FOURTH, 491—Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 857—Two newly fur.
sunny rooms: gas range, bath, phone.
HAIGHT, B—Sunny, furnished front room and
kitchen; gas range.
HOWARD TSTfc (Manila)— Nice furnished
sunny hskpg. rooms; others; central; reas.
HOFF aye., 27. off Sixteenth, near Mission—
2 or 3 nicely furnished rooms; housekeeping;
bath and gas.
JFSBIE, 323—Large Vront parlor cheap; also
2 rooms; 2 beds: $15 month.
MISSION. 911H —Housekeeping rooms to let;
also single.
MATBELLE. 203 Grove, cor. Van Ness—Sunny
furn. and unfurn. 3-room suites, 821 and $26.
MCALLISTER, 908—Newly furnished, sunny
front and back parlor for housekeeping; all
conveniences.
MISSION, 1905—Clean rooms for housekeeping;
also single room.
OAK. 117—Rooms, complete, housekeeping; $5
to $12; gas range; hot bath; adults.
POWELL. 19, The Earl—Choice housekeeping
1 rooms; finest location; terms reasonable.
SECOND, 213 —Furnished rooms for house
keeping; central; clean; quiet; no children.
BOOMS FOB HOUSEKEEPING—Con.
STAN TAX, 810. opp. G. G. Park—3 or 4 sun
ny furnished: range or gaa.
TAYLOR, 811 —1 sunny furnished room; ga*
range, folding-bed: for 1, $7; for 2, 88.
TURK, 1159 —Nice rooms and sunny suites for
housekeeping; new modern flat: reasonable.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726, near*Dolores—s sun
ny bay-window rooms; nice; neat; complete.
VALENCIA 909—3 or 4 nice sunny rooms,
complete for housekeeping; bsth, gas range;
very convenient; no children wanted.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan an<TChurch sta
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions haa
been opened at 1008 Market st. opposite
Fifth Open until 11 p. m.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
JUST opened; The Lor.iine apartments. 730
O'Farrell. bet. Hyde and Larkin 2 and 1
rooma; new and modern; prices reasonable.
APARTMENTS WANTED.
WANTED—A well furnished apartment of •
rooms, with all modern conveniences. Ad
drees box 4504, Call office.
BOOMS TO LET—Pur*, aad Unfura.
A—BRUNSWICK Houae, 148 Sixth at.—Rooms
25c to |1 per night, 81 25 to $6 per week and
light housekeeping rooma: open all night.
ATKINS, corner Third at. and Park lane*—New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water; electric lights; only flrst-class houaa
in locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
AT "Th* Almonte;" 873 Market at. (or No. 1
Fifth *t.)—Room*. 25c to 50c, $1, $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week: houae open all night.
A NEW corner building; aunny rooma; freah
and clean; every modern convenience. Th*
Sahlein, SW. cor. Polk and Bush sts.
BELMOND Houae; over Owl drug store, 2 en
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Electr. •
lights, running water In every room: 300
rooms; 26c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
ELLIS. 450—The Plerpont, Mrs. J. H. Babbit
mgr.; flne sunny rooms, single or en suite.
EDDY. 3—Nic* furnished rooms; no better lo
cation In city; reasonable.
EDDY, 867—Nicely furnished, sunny rooms,
with or without board; rent reasonable.
FIFTH. 144—Sunny bay-window front room;
suitable two; also other rooms; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 887—N*wly furnished
sunny front rooms, alio single; bath, phone.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 868—Large sunny room;
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; private fam
ily; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ay*., 1050—A well furnished
aunny room; fre* telephone.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Miaalon—Room* 35j
to $1 35 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HOWARD, 715—Furnished rooms, slngl* or
double; central location.
HOWARD, 820 —Rooms of all kinds and price*.
MARKET. 719—Furnished room*; newly reno
vated; double or single; day, week, month.
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth) —Sunny rooms;
$2 to $5 week; baths; elevator; also hakpg.
METROPOLITAN Hotel, 128 Third at.—4oo
single and family room* 85c to $1 60 per day.
$2 to |8 week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Franclaco
that ha* office on ground floor,' hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and give* free baths and ele
vator day and night to It* guests.
MINNA. 669—Newly furnished *lngl* rooms
to let.
MISSION, 1055 —Large, sunny room; running
water; $2 50 per week.
O'FARRELL, 1229 —One parlor suite and sin
gle; everything new; water and gas; lock
this up.
O'FARRELL. 1712—Newly furn. upper 4
sunny rooms, single or en suite; run. water.
POST, 215—Furnirhed rooms for rent; all sizes
and prices; see them.
PINE. 704 —2 single furnished rooms; 86 each.
POWELL. 19—The Earl—Handsomely furnish
ed rooma; transient rooma; loc. unexcelled.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladiea' par
lor; rooma per night. 35c to 81 50; week, $2
to 88; month, 88 to 830: elevator on ground
floor; room* with hot and cold water; baths.
THE Launston, 110 Eddy—Flrst-class tran
sient house; 50c and $1; opp. TTvoll.
TURK. 42—Beautiful «unny rooms; slngl* and
en suite; day, week, month.
TURK. 8161—Single and double rooms for gen
tlemen, with or without board.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy. nr. Market—4oO
rooms 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room: elev»tor. read.-room; fre* bus, baggage
VENDOME. 1104 Market—Furn. room*, suit*
or single, suite BJ week up. 15 Turk.
WILLOW aye.. 14. off Larkin. near Eddy—
Furnished hallmom, $6; gentlemen
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st., nr. Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
86c to 81 60 nightly: $2 to 88 week: elevator;
elec. Ilehts: reading-room: free bus. baggage.
VAN NESS aye., 314—One furnished room to
let. $V 2.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 10«8 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received st
Call brsnch office, cor. Duncan and Churcb
ROOMS AID BOAJUD.
HOTEL Baltimore, 1016 Van Ness ave.—First
class hotel, on American plan; families es
pecially; elegant rooms, all modern and every
convenience; very sunny; flne views; tabl-»
unsurpassed. H. C. SHANNON, Proprietor.
HOTEL L'AIGLON. 501 Geary • St.—Larg-.
sunny rooms, board; suites, with board for 2,
$50 month; single, with board, $25 up; special
family rates: just renovated.
TWENTIETH. 8518. near Mission—Sunny fur
nished front rooms or suite for two; Ameri
can cooking; private family; use of parlor;
moderate terms; reference*.
LEAVENWORTH, 1025—Room and board In
modern flat, with private family, for two.
also small room; gentlemen preferred.
HOTEL Comora. 621 O'Farrell —Generous man
agement th* policy; contented guests the
result.
BEAUTIFUL sunny room; bath and phone;
excellent board; reasonable. 938 Valencia.
BUSH. 799. cor. Mason—Room* with good
board; moderate.
CALIFORNIA. 807—Beet rooms, tabl* and aer
vi;e In the city for the least money.
ELLIS. 453—Choice furnished rooms, with
best of French table board; reasonable.
ELLIS. 1062—Room and board; flrst-class ref
erence.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1031 near park—Sunny
furnished room. bath, good board. 823; 2, B'W.
WANTED —Two young men, board and room
together: bath and phone. 2068 Fifteenth^.
(family hotel). 728 Butter—New
management: choice room*: good table.
BOOMS AND BOARD VT ANTED.
BT a gentleman—Two aunny unfurnished
rooms and dinners; In private family; West
tern Addition; references. Box 5217. CalL
SUITE of rooms and board wanted In a flnt
claa* hotel or bo*rdln«-hou*e for man and
wife. Box 4504, Call of He.
ROOMS WANTED.
WAN-TED —Good car* and board for bright,
obedient little girl of 5 year*: also nice sunny
room In same house for mother; mother em
ployed in office; state terms and particulars.
Box tsEsV OsR
WANTED —3 nicely furnished rooms complete
for housekeeping; In town. Box Sl*'', '"aii.
STABLES TO LET.
400 CENTRAL aye., automobile bargain; rent
87: owner 905 Sutter
VXAVX
A WAT to health; mothers' and daughter*'
home treatment; booklet free; write for It,
VIAVI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 282
For Additional Classified Advertise
ments See Face Fourteeg*,
1314
PHYSICIANS AND SUEGEONS.
DR. C. C, O'DONNELL—Office and residence.
1021 ta Market st., bet. nth and 7th: particu
lar attention i aid to diseases cf women.
CA CARRH DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cure; now methods; one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cojjtiwgham, 9 Powell st.
BLOOD, sV<n and rectal diseases a bpeclalty.
DR. BALL, 1073 Vi Market st.
REMOVED—DR WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats ail diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo
cated at 607 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor—All dis
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
SEWING T^^^^^J^^^^J^^h
WE -how the best and finest collection of
sewing machines in the world; prices from
$4 to $100. WHITE SEWING. MACHINE
CO.. 915 Market st.
LOMESTIC—The machine for family uses beat
is cheapest: second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest ratea. Domes
tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand, $3, $5, $S: alightly
need, $10, $15. $20: you know where the doila
awing in the window. 1051 Market at.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission st.
CHEAPEST nnd best in America—The Weekly
Call, 16 pases, sent lo any address in the
United States or Canada one year for_sL_
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725
-731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITA*. Van and Storage Co.. 10 Drumm et.;
phono Main ."1: JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., Of
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 671.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com
pany, 2"20 Fnlmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
at.; tel. Main IS4O. Shipping at cut rates.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
Ol Supplies and Accounts, Navy Depart
ment, Washington, D. C. until 10 o'clock a.
ii... February 14, 1806, and publicly opened
immediately thereafter, to furnish at the
navy Mare- island, Cal.. and Puget
Si und. Wash., a iiuaniitv of naval supplies,
a* epecined below: Schedule 48 —Electrical
wire, armature, transformers, rosettes, lecep
t*( !es, seck-:ts. laic. brick, sand, bituminous.
. al, horse furnishings, miscellaneous drugs,
s v. tr aud water pipe and fittings, oats, bran,
limotby and alfalfa hay, straw, water-clos
ets and lavatories. Schedule 49—Drills,
mills, reamers, metal slitting and angle cut
ters, dies, etc. Schedule SO —Miscellaneous
hardware, rigging leather, spars, cedar, tic,
oak. teak, -trass, copper, iron, steel, hose,
flexlbte tul'ing. nitric acid, Stockholm tar.
hclie.lult- 51-Weston's differential pulley
*<!orkb. grindstones, grommets, wir? sections
ior "Economy" scratch brushes, foundry
ridd'es. manganese bronze wire, chucks,
Armstrong tool holders, "Uarlock" packing,
caliper pipe, McKeller steam trap, spare
parts lot Dow pumps, pumps, water flit -rs.
Felt and Parrant comptometer. Schedule
5i —Ijvttering brushes, floor brushes, casting
brushes, corn and wisp brooms, lime, cocoa
and rubber mats, muslin and sheeting,
worsted zephyr, cotton and linen thread,
liineellunc' us hardware, nuts, phosphcr
lror_- spring wire, screws, engineer's sets,
wire gauze. e<>al baskets, lanterns, lacing,
rigging and pump leather, brass rod, Par
son-, brense, /-opper. tin, hose, packing, cam
phor, lye, botax, glue, oil, tallow, petrola
tum. Gilder's whiting, sugar of lead, red
and white lead, white- zinc, ultramarine blue,
-iiop black, black paint, chrome green, lamp
idaek, sienna, umber, bronze powder, me
latlfc and Vandyke brown, orange gum
shellac, \enetlan red. Japan drier, vermil
lion. oakum. Schedule 53—Electric wire,
receptacles, lanterns,, mlcanite plate, tape,
belts, slate. Honda batteries, gongs, contact
mak'rs. elbows, bushings, pipe straps, con
duit and couplings, spring brass, chain and
. screws. Blank proposals will tie furnished
upon application to the navy pay offices, San
Francisco, Cal.. and Seattle. Wash., or to
the bureau. Applications should designate
by numbers the schedules desired. H. T. B.
HARRIS Paymaster General U. S. N.
(1-10-05).
NOTICE Is hereby given that sealed bids will
be receiveJ at 10 BoutO Hall. Berkeley, on
or before 5 p. m.. February seventh, for the
carpentry and milltvork for California Hall.
Kids arc invited also for oartitions and
■ ellings. as per plans and specifications on
tile at swtd office. No bids will be con
sidered unless accompanied by a certified
( heck ot h .nd in favor of the undersigned,
eoual to ten tier cent of the bid. with suf
ficient sureties, conditioned that, tf the
bid be aicepted. the bidder will enter Into |
a contract faithfully to perform the obli
gat tests in accordance with said bid and !
with eeJd plans and specifications. The right
to reje. t any or all t>ids Is hereby reserved. I
The Regents of the University of California, j
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of I
Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department,
Washington, D. C, until 10 o'clock a. m., {
February 21, 1806, and publicly opened tm- !
mediately thereafter, to furnish at the navy
yards. Mare Island, Cal., and Puget Sound, I
Wash., a quantity of machine tools, etc., as !
specified below : Schedule 54—Futtock bevel j
land saw machine, steel plate gate Rhear. ]
Schedule 55—Drill pres.=. crank shaper. !
■screw-cutting lathe. Rlank proposals will
he furnished ur.on application to the navy
lay offices, San Francisco. Cal., and Seattle.
Wash. Applications should designate by
number the schedules desired. H. T. B.
HARRIS, Paymaster General U. S. N.
(1-11-( ..-■» '
EGA O TI OSS.
ESSEX County Orphans' Court, State of New
Jet sag.—ln the matter of estate of John 1
Winter.- Older to show cause.—ELIZABETH j
WESTERMAN. sitter, one of the next of
Ma of JOHN WINTER. late of Newark. ;
New Jersey, having fll-d her application in
writing: with the Surrogate of Essex County. |
New Jersey, alleging therein that said JOHN \
WINTER, being a resident of the State of |
New Jersey, has absented himself from said 1
State for seven years successively. That
Ms next of kin and heirs at law are th 9 i
said ELIZABETH WESTERMAN. a sister,!
LENA GEIBHEIMER, a sister, and SOPHIA 1
STORCK, a sister. And praying for an i
..rder that cause be shown why letters of i
administration of said JOHN* WINTER'S '<
estate should not be granted to said ELIZ
ABETH W ESTERMAN. and that letters of
administration of the goods and chattels,
credits and estate of said JOHN WINTER
be granted to said ELIZABETH WESTER
MAN. And it appearing that said LENA
OEISHEIMER and" SOPHIA STORCK have
renounced all right and claim of ad
ministration of the goods and chattels and i
credits of said JOHN WINTER and re- I
quested that administration be granted to !
wnd ELIZABETH WESTERMAN.
Now. therefore, it Is on this twenty-third
day of December, Nineteen Hundred and
F. ur, ordered that cause be shown, by any
or all persons Interested herein, before the
Surrogate of the County of Essex, at h a
office in the Courthouse in the city of New
ark. New Jersey, on the twenty-third d»y
of February. Nineteen Hundred and Fiv». :
at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, or as soon
thereafter as the matter can be heard, why
letters of administration of the goods and
chattels, credits and estate of said JOHN
WINTER should no* be granted to the said
ELIZABETH WESTERMAN. And it is
further ordered that said order to show
cause shall be published, within twenty day.
hereafter, in the Newark Evening News, a
newspaper printed and published at Newark
in the State of New Jersey, and In the Pari
Francisco Call, a newspaper printed and pub
lished at San Francisco. In the State of
California, for four weeks successively, at
least once In each week.
G. E. RUSSELL. Surrogate
CHARLES T. GLEN. Proctor. 741 Broad
street. Newark. N. J.
REDEMPTION BONDS.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS
Notice is hereby given that, pursuant to the
provision of article .eight of the mortgage
from this company to the Central Trust Com
pany of New York, trustee, dated August L
189», this company has set apart out of the
net Income derived by It from the lines of
railroad therein mortgaged tha sum of twen
ty-five thousand dollars In trust to be used
to redeem said bonds, and that bonds issued
utider salal rrortgage will be redeemed there
with. Bids are hereby invited for the sur-
of such bonds; at prices to be named
by the bidders, to the amount of 826,670 80,
i.i the sinking fund. Such bids should bo
presented to this company at its office, 120
broailway, in the city of New York, on or
before the 14th day of February. 1905, at 12
o'clock noon, and should be Indorsed "Bids
lor Surrender of Central Pacific Railway
Company First Refunding Bonds."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY,
By E H. HARRIMAN. President.
New York, January 16. 1905.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY
(OF CALIFORNIA)—FIRST CONSOL
IDATED MORTGAGE FIVE PER CENT
GOLD BONDS OF 1803—Notice ls hereby
given that the board o{ directors of this
company has determined to use to redeem
First Consolidated Mortgage Five Per Cent
Gold Bonds of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company (of California) 820,477 72 now la
tlie sinking fund for the redemption and pay
ment of bonds of that issue, and that bonds
tf such Issue will be redeemed therewith.
Bids ure hereby Invited for the surrender of
t,uih bonds at prices to be named by the
bidders. Such bids should be deposited witb
Andrew K. Van Deventer, assistant treas
urer of the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany, at his office, 120 Broadway. New York
City, at or before 12 o'clock noon, on the
Hth day of February. 1005, nnd should be
Indcrafd. "Rids for Surrender of Southern
Pnc'flc H.-illrond Company (of California)
Five Per Cent Bonds."
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY,
By E. H. HARRIMAN, President.
Kew York, January 16. 1905.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at
torney-at-law. 6_Hobart bldg., 532 Marketer.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE system; 2 schools; 810 Diamond,
Ml Franklin. Inquire 521 Franklin, 8 to 12.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Max Freebert, 30, 508 Sixth atreet, and Sarah
Vogel. 21. New York City.
Hans Wltimer, 31, Eureka and Mina Kung,
23, Eureka.
■ James F. Tate, 21, Sonoma, and Mary A.
Coyne, 18, 171 California avenue.
Francis F. Cunneen, 23. 406 Octavia street,
and Lillian I. Kilcullen, 18. 405 Octavia street.
Benjamin F. Montgomery, 21. Jersey
St., and Dora V. Farmer, 18. 1772 Howard st.
Flllppo Taormina, 41, San Mateb, and An
gela Scttlma. 35 city.
Thomas C." Fulton, 24, 332 Devlsadero st.
and Anna J. Cattermole, 20, 1940 Filbert st.
Hallle B. Davidson, 21. city, and Isabelle
Pioer. 21, city.
Theodore Loo 22. 68 Ellis street, and Mary
Joseohson 18, 68 Ellis street.
Frank W. Fabian. 27, 1694 Page street, and
Ruby Salinger, 23, 2019 Hyde street.
George Shaw, 29, 44 Third street and Har
riet M. Darling, 29. +1 Third street.
Paul C. D. Kroehnke. 21, 1110 Green street,
and Katherine Schuldt, 19, 220t> Jor.es street.
William Thlenes, 30, Dawson City, and Kath.
erine F. Messner. 28, Portland. Ore.
Danlele Del Carlo, 22, 1626
atreet, and' Fine Toct, 18. 1806 Union street.
Jorgen J. Murl SO, 117 Sixth street, and
Evelina Trukkle, 18, 117 Sixth street.
Joseph Faesler 21. 5230 Mission street, and
Maria Komstahoeft, 18, 531 Castro street.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either cf the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this columu
free of charge.
BORN.
GANCO—In this city. January 20, 1905, to the
wife of A. B. Ganco, a son.
IRWIN—In thli city. January 24, 1905, to the
wife of R. B. Irwin, a son.
MIBACH—In this city, January 22. 1905. to
the wile of Mathias Mlbach. a eon.
MARRIED.
BRIGHT-SCHALICH--In this city. Jsnuary
23. luC5. by the Rev. M. H. Liebe. Walter
Bright and Emma Schalich, both of this c'ty.
DILLING—NEWSON— In this city. January 24,
1905, by the Rev. F. A. Keaat, pastor Ep
worth M. .E. Church. George E- Dilling of
Alameda and Mabel Newson of Oakland.
JOHNSON—NELSON —In this city, January
28, 1905, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, Carl
M. Johnson and Christine A. 'Nelson, both
of this city.
KLEIN—JURGENS—In this city. January 28.
1905, by the Rev. M. H. Llebe, Paul Klein
and Ltna Jurgene. both of this city.
POPE—WARSCHAUER—In San Mateo. Cal.,
by the Rev. Mr. Kimball, Overton C. Pope
and Henrietta Warschauer. both of this city.
SUECHTING—STEFFENS—In this city, Jan
uary 28, 1005, by the Rev. M. H. Liebe,
Frederick Suechting and Lottie Steffens, both
of this city.
VAN WINKLE—CURRIE—In this city, Jan
uary 26. 1905. In the Church of St. John
the Evangelist, by the Rev. L. C. Sanford,
Bert Van Winkle and Ida Lucille Currle.
DIED.
Asadoorian. Agla—27 ,Le Boulanger,Fabrlce—
Bell, Edwin—63 I 62.
Breckwoldt, Anita H.—6 Lyon. Helen C. —74
Brown. Walter J.—2l Mattson, John E.—6
Broughton, Teresa A 1 McCabe, Owen J.—72
Capelll, Dolce—4 1 McKay, Minerva—44
('arisen, Martha M.—B3'Miller. Emma —5
Carter. Joseph M. [Murphy. Judge Jobs
Chever, E. E.—7B j M. —68
Collins. Johanna—6B Quesada, Carmen—6B
Cunningham, Cornelius, Rlmassa, Armandlne—
33. 66.
Flsk, Asa W.— 55 Sikes, Louisa—63
Galvin, Michael—36 Stamphy, O. K.—Bl
Holmberg.Claudtne A. — Troman, Mary Ann —73
54. i Wallace. Mary C—3s
King, Margaret ! Warschauer, Morris—9l
Klein. Minnie—s3 Welsh. Etta Vincent
Llbbey, Alice—23 I
ASADOORIAN—In this city. January 27, 1905. !
Asia Asadoorian, a native of Turkey, aged
St years.
[CFThe funeral will take place to-day ■
(Tuesday), at 10:30 a. m., from the parlors
ot J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7K7 Mission street. |
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
a. m. train from Third and Townsend streets.
BELL —In Alameda, Cal., January 30, 1905,
Edwin Bell, beloved husband of Victoria
Bell, a native of New York, aged 63 years 0
months and 21 days.
BRECKWOLDT—In this city, January 30, '
1905, Anita Henrietta Breckwoldt. beloved
and only daughter of the late George D. j
Cook Waters and Mrs. Barthus Breckwoldt, >
and grandchild of Jacob and Margerette
Heittx, a native of San Francisco, Cal.. aged i
0 years 5 months and 28 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ,
(Wednesday), at 12 o'clock, noon, from the
residence of her parents, 831 Hampshire j
etreet, near Twenty-first. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
BROWN—In this city, January 28, 1905, j
Walter J. Brown, beloved son of Elizabeth ,
and the late Frederick Brown, and brother j
of Mrs. George Powell of Stockton. Frederick '
Brown and the late Mrs. Ida Longers. a na- I
tlve of San Francisco, Cal., aged 24 years
aad •"> months.
fCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect
folly invited to attend the funeral to-day :
(Tuesday), at 9:30 a. m., from the parlors i
of the United Undertakers, 800 Mission
street, thence to St. Mary's (Paullst) Church. I
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated :
for the repose of his soul, commencing at .
10 a. m.
BROUGHTON—In tilts city. January 30, 1905,
Teresa A., beloved mother of Mrs. Alice W. I
Dickson. Mrs. John M. Wilson and Mrs. '
Gussie M. Broughton.
STFFriends are invited to attend services ;
at 3 p. m., to-day (Tuesday), at her late
residence, 2910 Jackson street. Interment !
private.
CAPELLI—In this city, January 28, 1905,
Dolce, dearly beloved daughter of Mrs. j
Amelia and the late Antonio Capelll. and sis- |
ter of Romllda Capelll. and granddaughter ;
of Carlo and Domenlca CapellJ. and Stephen :
! and Catterina Fopplano. and loving niece j
of Michael f'apclli. Mrs. Mary Carli, Mrs.
Louisa Segalf. Mrs. Rosa Delplano and !
Joseph. Henry, Norma and Adolpho Fop- 1
piano, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
year* and 9 months.
tcyFriends and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully notified that the funeral takes place on I
Tuesday, January 31. at 1 p. m., from the 1
parents' residence, 13 Varennes street, I
thence to Sts. Peter and Paul's Italian I
Church for services. Please omit flowers. I
Interment Italian Cemetery.
CARLSEN—In this city, January 30. 1905,
Martha M. Carlsen. beloved mother of Mrs. I
I H. Olsen and ("hrls Carlsen and the late I
Charles M. Carlsen, a native of Norway, '
aged S3 years.
CARTER—In this city, January 30, 1905, Jo- I
seph M. Carter, beloved eon of Mary and the |
late Patrick Carter, and loving brother of
Mary. William. Hugh and the late John Car.
ter. a native of San Francisco.
CHEVER—In this city, January 28, 1906,
Edward E. Chever, a native of Massachu
setts, aged 78 years.
ICFFriends snd members of the California
Pioneer Society are respectfully Invited to
attend the funeral services Wednesday Feb
ruary 1. at 1:30 p. m., from Red 'Men s j
Hall. 220 Golden Gate avenue, under the
auspices of George H. Thomas Post No 2.
O. A. R. Interment National Cemetery at
the Presidio. Remains at the parlors of the
California Undertaking Company. 713 Post
street, between Jones and Leavenworth.
COLLINS—In this city. January 30, 1905, Jo-
I hanna, wife of John Collins, and mother of
Mary. Gertrude, William, Katie and the late
Frank Foran, a native of County Clare
Ireland, aged 58 years.
(CFThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
11:30 train from Third and Townsend street*.
CUNNINGHAM—In this city, January 29
1905. Cornelius Cunningham, beloved son of
the late John and Hanna Cunningham, and
brother of John Cunningham, a native of
Ssn Fraclsco. aged 33 years 7 months and
17 days.
j FISK—In this city, January 30, 1905 Asa W.
Jlsk. a native of Somervllle, Mass., aged
bo years.
, PFA requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
i ?.:' : ° *• m v to-morrow (Wednesday), at the
< hapel of the Passion. St. Mary's Hospital.
Interment private.
°»J22?*r*s . th, s S ity - January 30. 1905,
Michael, beloved husband of Julia Galvln
father of Joseph Frank. Edward and James
Calvin, and brother of the late Patrick Gal
vln. a native of Kilorglin, County Kerry. Ire
land aged 36 years.
~<P; Tne , funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:SO a. m., from hie late
residence, 140 Hawthorne street, thence to St
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
h gh mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, al 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
Mission Council No. 3, Young Men's Insti
tute—Members are hereby notified to attend
the funeral of our late brother. Michael Gal
vln. from his late residence. 140 Hawthorne
street, off Folsom, between Second and
James McGinn. Henry Hansen. '
JAMES McGINN & CO.,
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
I 214 Eddy St. Tel. East 80. 11
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1905.
Third, to-morrow (Wednesday), at 9:30 a. m.
EUGENE C. ("AELAN, President.
CHARLES G. WILLEY, Secretary.
HOLMBERG —In this city. January 29, 1905.
Olaudine A. Holmberg, beloved wife of Nels
J. Holmberg. a native of France, aged 51
years 7 months and 4 days.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. January 81, at 10 a. m., at the
mortuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau, 305
Montgomery avenue. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
KING—In this city, January 29, 1905, Mar
garet King, a native of Ireland.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday) at 8:30 a. m.. from the par
lors of James McMcnomy & Son. 1057 Mts
slun street, opposite new Postoffloe, »bo
to St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem
high mass, will be c*l<-oratta lur the iapt/Mi
of her soul, commencing at 9 a. m. Inter
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KLEIN—In Oakland, Cal., January 30, 1905.
Minnie Klein, relict of the late Moses Klein,
and beloved mother of Harry, Sigmund ana
Milton Klein, a native of Tachau, Austria,
aged 53 years.
£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 p. m.. from her lato resi
dence. 1127 San Pablo avenue, Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
LE BOULANGER—In Oakland, Cal.. January
30, 1905, at 808 Thirteenth street, Fabric-
Le Boulanger, beloved husband of Annie J.
Le Boulanger and father of Ixmlse, Claire,
Jeanne and Fabrlce I.c Boulanger, a native
of France, aged 02 years 4 months and 1 day.
LIBBEY —In this city. January 28, 1905. Alice
Libbey beloved wife of J. H. Llbbey, daugh
ter of J. 11. and Mrs. H. Shine, and sister
of Frank, Nellie, John and Charlie Shine, a
native of Sonora, Tuolumne County, aged 23
years.
B_"Ftiends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), from St. Domlnlo's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LYON—In this city. January 29. 1905. Helen
C. beloved wife of W. S. Lyon, and aunt
of Dr. Dudley and William C. Talt and
Charies and Julia Carl, a native of Con
necticut, aged 74 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 10 a. m., at 1054
Post street. Interment private. Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland.
MATTSON—In this city, January 30, 1905, John
Edward, beloved son of Mrs. P. Jensen and
the late John Mattson, and brother of Alma
and Albert Mattson, a native of San Fran
cisco, aged 6 years 10 months and 13, days.
McCA.BE —In this city, January 30, 1905, Owen
J. McCabe, beloved husband of the late Kate
B. McCabe, a native of Connecticut, aged 72
yearn and 6 months.
tyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
McKAY—In this city, January 30. 1905, Mi
nerva, beloved wife of James A. McKay, and
mother of Mrs. Charles E. Egan of Diamond
field, Nov., a native of Nova Scotia, aged
44 years.
of funeral hereafter.
MILLER—In this city. January 29, 1905.
Emma, beloved daughter of Hans P. and An
nie Miller, a native of Haywards, Cal., aged
5 years 5 months and 28 days.
MURPHY—In this city, January 29. 1905.
Judge John M. Murphy, beloved husband of
Mary Murphy, a native of Ireland, aged 08
years.
tCTFuneral and interment private. Re
mains at the parlors of A. W. Martin & Co.,
319 O'Farrell st.
QIESADA-In thia city. January 29. 1905,
Carmen, beloved wife of the late Lauriano
Quesada. a native of Valparaiso. Chile, aged
68 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Tuesday), at 10 a. m., from the residence
of Mrs. R. Glulanl, 1508 Powell street,
thence by 11:30 a. m. train from Third and
Townsend streets to Mount Olivet Cemetery.
RIM ASS A—ln Warm Springs, Alameda County,
Cal.. January 29, 11)05, Armandlne M. E.
Rlmassa. beloved mother of Charles, Hip
polite and Isabelle Rlmassa, a native of
Caen, France, aged 66 year 3 and 7 months.
fy Funeral services at St. Clair" 9 Church.
Tuesday, January 31, at 10 a. m., thence to
Calvary Cemetery, Santa Clara. Santa Clara
County, for Interment.
SIXES—In this city, January 29 1905, Louisa,
beloved wife of the late Charles L. W.
Sikes. and mother of Mrs. W. J. Enright of
Fresno and Mrs. D. H. Krause and the late
W. R. Sikes, and beloved sister of J. J.
Ortley, Mrs. Susan Tllden and Charles H.
Marker of Alvlsa, a native of New York,
aged 63 years. (San Jose papers please
copy.)
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday) at 1 p. m., from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. D. H. Krause. 841)
Filbert street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cem
etery.
STAMPHY—In Oakland. Cal.. January 30,
1905. at 710 Ninth street. Orville X., be
loved husband of Sarah E. Stamphy, a na
tive of Mississippi, aged 81 years and 24
days. A member of Live Oak Lodge No. 61,
F. nnd A. M.
TROMAN—In Oakland. January 28. 1905,
Mary Attn Troman. a native of England,
aged 73 years 2 months and 7 days.
and acquaintances arc respect
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes
day, February 1. at 10 a. m.. from the resi
dence of E. R. Parsons. 373 East Fourteenth
street. East Oakland. Interment Lone Tree
Cemetery.
WALLACE—In Oakland, Cal., January 30,
1905, Mary C. beloved wife of John M. Wal
lace, and mother of Margaret, Elizabeth,
Francis M., Charles and Eva Wallace, a
native of San Francisco, aged 35 years.
WARSCHAUER—In this city. January 30,
1905, Morris, beloved husband of Julia War
schauer. and father of Joseph G. and Amanda
Warschauer and Mrs. O. C. Pope, a aative
of Prussia, aged 91 years and 6 months.
WELSH—In this city, at rest, January 30,
1905, Etta Vincent, dearly beloved wife of
Thomas J. Welsh, mother of Rev. Oliver A.
Welsh, C. S. P.; James J.. Thomas J. Jr..
Dr. Joseph A. and Howard A. Welsh. Mrs.
Richard Costello, and Grace, Alma and Mer
vyn Welsh, a native of Albany, New York.
(UFA solemn requiem high mass will b«
celebrated for the repose of her soul, to
morrow (Wednesday), at Holy Cross Church,
commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment pri
vate, Holy Cross Cemetery, by special oar
from Third and Townsend streets at 11:30
a. 111. Kindly omit flowers.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
MONDAY. JANUARY 80.
Estate Alvlnza Hayward (by William J.
Dingce, administrator) to Paul and Charles M.
Tieburg, lot on E line of Octavia street, 31:3
8 of Lombard, S 100 by E 100; also lot on N
line of Gre»»hwlch street, 15(5:3 W of Octavia,
W 50 by N 137:0; also lot on N line of Green
wich street, 81:3 W of Octavia, W 25 by N
100; $0815.
Charles M. Locla and Pau' Tieburg to Helen
Ti-burg (wife of Paul). lot on N line of Green
wich ntreet, 81:3 W of Octavia. W 25 by N
100: also lot on N line of Greenwich street,
166:3 W of Octavia, W 50 by N 137:6; gift.
Estate Alvinza Hayward (by William J.
Dlngee, administrator) to John Musso, lot on
W line of Octavia street, 100 S of Lombard,
a 60 i>> w 100:0; $2100.
Same to Edward la Rittore, lot on W line
of Octavia street, 100 N of Greenwich, N 25
by W 106:3; $1050.
City and County of San Francisco to Thomas
Denigan. lot on SW comer of Pine and Oc
tavia streets. W 110 by S 120; 8 .
Sophie and Julian Le Roy White to Patrick
H. Murphy, lot on N line of Lombard .street,
192:6 W of Buchanan. W 27:6 by N 120; $10.
David and Rone Salfleld to Josephine Walter,
lot on N line ot Page street, 127 E of Lyon,
E" 27 by N 137:6; $10.
Hans C. (or H. C.) Johnson to Tlllle M.
Johnson (Wlnterstein), lot on SW corner of
Haves and Lyon streets, S 25 "by W 81:3;
gift.
Mary L. and Byron Jackson to Charles P.
Weeks, lot on NW corner of Jackson and
Spruce streets, W 60 by N 63:10% ; $10.
Gottlieb T. and Anna Knopf to Albert R. E-.
and Margaret Brand, lot on N line of Twenty
first street. 50 E of York, E 25 by N 93;
$10.
Henry C. Gordon to Donald Cummlnga, lot
on S line of Twenty-second street, 105 W of
Castro, W 25 by S 114; 810.
Harriett H. aad X H. Moiee to John M. J.
Lyons, lot on N line of Eighteenth street, 25
W of Douglass. W 22 by N 85; $10.
Marten B. and Nettle D. Joost to Gustave
H. and Lena Vincent, lot on N line of Eight
eenth street, 100 E of Eureka. E 25 by N 75;
$10.
Maria Regalia (Vischt), wife of V., to G.
Balangero, lot on 8 line of Gerkf alley, 65 HI
of Dupont street. E 27:6 by S .10; 810.
David E. and Emma H. Allison (McMillan)
to Robert McMillan, undivided one-quarter of
following: Lot on N line of Townsend etreet,
288:6 W of Third. W 110:6 by N 77:«»; also
lot on W line of Valencia etreet, 200 S of
Herrman. S 50 by W 165 : also lot on S line
of Twenty-fifth street. 160 W of Noe, W 80 by
8 114; also lot on N line of Page street, 81:3
W of Clayton, W 25 by N 100; $11,362.
William H. and Mary J. or Josephine K.
Metson to Hale Bros., lot on NE line of Sixth
street 40 NW of Stevenson, NW 20 by NE
78: $10.
George M. Bowman to same. lot on NE line
of Sixth street. 170 SE of Market. NW 40 by
NE 78; $10.
Konrad and Catherine 7,111 to August H.
and John B. Llll. undivided half of lot on SW
line of street, 150 SB of Folsom, SE
25 by SW 80; $10.
Anna M. Egeberg to Edward L. Egeberg.
lot on B line of Vermont street, 75 N of
Twenty-fifth, N 25 by E 100; $500.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Nels W. and Ina Wicklund. lot on E
line of Vermont street, 125 Nof v Twenty
fourth. N 25 by E 100; $10.
Estate of James G. Fair (by executor) to
William Watson, lot on SE corner of Twenty
third avenue and California street. E 120. S
67:9%. SE 120:7%, N 80:4; $2000.
William Watson to Bertha Oberfeld. lot on
E line of Twenty-third avenue, 60 S of Cali
fornia street, 8 50 by E 95; $10.
Ada L. and Morgan H. Lloyd to Charles
H. Tolnton, lot on E line of Eleventh avenue,
75 N of Clement street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
John nnd Ella McCulloch to Henry Glesen,
lot on NE corner of Eighth avenue and A
street. N 25, by E 80; $10.
Bay District Land Company to William H.
and Sophie E. Groat lot on N line of B street,
95 B of Third avenue E 25 by N 100: $10.
Hector A. Fries to' Florence Garnue, lot on
Et line of Forty-sixth avenue, 100 B'g »
street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to Anna I^n? os >
lot on W line of Forty-second avenue, 100 a
of U street, S 20 by W 120, quitclaim deed;
$10: .
Peter and Hannah Tamony to Mary C." Os
good, lot on SE line of Mission street. 200 SW
of Russia avenue SW 25 by SE 83:6. block 5,
Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Henry B. Osgood to same, same; gift.
E. G. lanz to Joseph A. Bush, lot on SW
line of Laidley street, 26:4 NW of Harry, NW
26:4, SW 93:5, SE 25, NE 101:894, block 22.
Mission and Thirtieth-street Homestead; $10.
Valentin Strubel to Frederick J., Philip W.
and Frank P. Strubel, lot on S line of Silver
Terrace road bearing SW, 451:4 E from SE
corner of San Bruno turnpike road. NE 77:10,
SE 465:4, SW 83, NW 436:7; also lot on S
line of Silver Terrace road bearing SW, 368 E
of San Bruno turnpike road, thence 83:4, SE
436:7, SW *8:11. NW 408; gift.
Same to same, lot on W line of Utah street,
100 S of Augusta W 100 by S 75. lots 459 to
401, Silver Terrace; also lot on NW corner of
Silver Terrace and Utah, N 48:2. W 100, S 60,
E 97:2. NE 3:4. lots 462 and 463. Silver Ter
race; also lot on N line of Silver avenue, 3:3
SW of Utah, W 07:2, S 65:7, NE 117:3, lot
464, Silver Terrace; gift.
Julius C. Rels to Brunn S. Roberts, lots 4 to
6, block 45. Rels Tract; grant.
James Watkins to Elizabeth C. Burchard, lot
on NW corner of Garfield and Head streets, W
75 by N 100, lots 1 to 3, block 45, City Land;
$10.
Abe and Charles Rosenskln to Charles C.
Chester, lots 31 and 32 block 11, tract A, Peo
ple" s Homestead; $10.
George L and Eugenia R. Lamy to Anna D.
Joost. lots 1740 to 1749, gift map 4; $10.
Patrick Grady to Charles H. Prough, lot on
SE lino of Lisbon street 275 SW of China
avenue, SW 25 by SE lOO, block 28. Excelsior
Homestead; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Sadie Wilcox (owner) with W. L. Graft (con
tractor and architect) —All work foi a three
story and basement frame structure (flats) on
E line of Walter Btreet. 143 N of Fourteenth,
N 25 by E $6118.
James Simpson (owner) with Mager Bros.
(contractors), architect —All work except
gas fixtures, shades, mantels and plastering
for alterations and additions to a three-story
frame building on E line of Vermont street,
150 S of Twenty-third; $4750.
Frank H. Burke, M. A. Tobelman and C. A.
Tlttel (owners) with Ira W. Coburn (con
tractor), architect T. P. Ross—Alterations and
additions to a three-story and basement brick
building on NW corner of Sutter and Kearny
streets; $13,200. . ,
Charles A. Gibson (owner) with Cullen ft
Mathies (contractors), architects Newsom ft
NeWBOm —All work for a two-story frame
building on W line of Pierce street, 100 N of
Broadway, 60 on Pierce by W 137:6; $6680.
Thomas I. Janes (owner) with Cox Bros.
tcortractors), architect —All work for a
three-story frame building (six flats) on S line
of Sutter street, 87:1 E of Laguna, E 29 by S
95; $11,500.
Adolph Meyer (owner) with Camp ft Caril
lon (contractors), architects H. Gellfuss &
Son —Excavating, concrete, walls, piers, steps,
flooring, marble and Imitation marble for a
four-story brick building on. N line of Fulton
street, 65 E of Polk, E 35 by N 120: $2170.
Same owner with Charles Oberfeld (contract
or), architects same—Cement washes, brick
work, terra cotta. Iron and steel work, fire
escapes for same on same; $6083.
Same owner with Carl N. G. Ahlgren (con
tractor), architects same—Carpenter, mill and
stair work, roofing, tinning, galvanized Iron,
glazing, hardware, picture molding. Iron gate
for same on same; $10,150.
Same owner with Edmund Grundy (con
tractor), architects same—Plumbing, gasfitting.
sewerage and stand pipe for same on same;
$3800.
Same owner with H. E. Wilson (contractor),
architects same—Plastering, flreprooflng of
girders, lathing for same on same: $1876.
Same owner with William Schafer (con
tractor), architects same—Painting, oiling,
tinting, graining, varnishing, cement washes,
llncrusta Walton, window cleaning for aame
on same; $1025.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
800 Kendall 381 400 Ton Midway.. 91
2000 Kendall 40| 700 Ton Midway.. 90
12.000 MacN'amara 421 400 Ton Midway.. 92
200 Mont Ton ...2 IBiSOOO Ton Midway.. 98
100 Mont T0n...2 17m 400 Ton Midway.. 94
3500 North Star .. 3211000 Ton Midway.. 99
3000 North Star .. 331 100 Ton of Nev.ll 87 Va
5000 North Star .. 31|1000 Verde 07
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District.
Bid.Ask.i Bid.Ask.
Gold Anchor. 51 — Rescue 07 08
Jfm Butler .. 40 4o!Ton Belmont.. 83 84
Little Ton .. 35 — |Ton ft Cal — 16
MacN'amara.. 41 42' Ton Cash Mln.. —12
Mizpah Ex .. 06 -ITon Exten ..47« SCO
Mont Ton ...2 15 2 20|Ton ft Gt W. 01 03
N V Ton Con 10 ll|Ton Midway.. 90 9.1
Ohio Ton 41 —ITon N Star... 31 32
Paymaster .. 03 04iTon Nev. .11 12 00
Quincy M Co. 11 —|West End ... 25 —
Goldfleld District.
Adams 17 —iGoldfield Mhk. 16 —
Black Butte.. 22 23!Gldfld Red L. 05 06
Blk Butte Ex 10 —IGoldfield SPk — Ifl
Blue Bull M. 22 23lGoldfield Ton. 09 10
Booth M Co.. 10 —iGldfleld Verde. 06 07
Columbia Mt. '38 —IJumbo M Co. 09 —
Dlamondfield, 43 —iJumbo Ex ... 26 —
Dixie Mln ... 16 —IKendall 38 40
Ooldfleld 88l — OOlMay Queen .. 33 35
Gldfield B&M 13 15| Pennsylvania. — 10
oidfld Colum. no CSißed Top 17 »19
Goldfleld Dmd 11 12! Sandstorm 64 06
Gfid Hibernia. 2<» 21|Vcrnal Mln ..13 15
Goldfleld Mm. 88 881
Other Districts.
Bullfrog Mln. 75 — [Ray & O'Brien 05 07
Colehan — lOlSoutbwestern. 60 —
Esperanzß ... 01 fJSTfon Cold Mt.. 15 10
Lucky Tom. . (VI O.flSylvania 2ft 27
Mont Bullfrog 08 12lUnited Ton .. — (»<)
Orlg Bullfrog. 32 33|
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
9:30 a. m. Session.
JOOO Goldfleld B Bl 061 100 Mont Ton ...2 10
2000 Gldfld Red L. 0612500 Orig Bullfrog. 33
B.iW MacN'amara.. 42t1000 Paymaster ... 03
2000 MacNamara . 411 200 Ton Mldwav.. <;S
200 MacNamara.. 43| 500 Ton Midway.. 70
11 a. m. Session.
8000 Espcranza ... 021 1000 Orlg Bullfrog. 34
2000 Gldfld Red L. OR| 500 Paymaster ... 03
500 MacNamara. . 42!I'XK) Rescue OS
200<> MacNamara.. 4111000 Rescue 07
1000 MacNamara. . 41! 800' Ton Midway.. S3
800 Mont Ton .. .2 20|l00o Ton Mldwav.. 85
2000 Orig Bullfrog. 3211000 Ton N Star... 32
2 p. m. Session.
.1000 Gldfld Red L. 0612000 Rescue 07
2000 Goldfleld S Pk 181 800 Ton Mldwav.. 96
200 MacNamara.. 42 j 30ft Ton Mldwav.. 91
4000 MacNamara.. 41! 500 Ton, Midway.. 90
100 Mont T0n..2 300 Ton N Star... 32
600 Orlg Bullfrog. 32' 500 Ton N Star... 83
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid.Ask.i BldAsk.
Adams — 19|MacNamara... 41 42
Black Butte.. 22 —IMont Ton... — 2 17' i
Blue Bull M. 24 2510h10 Ton .A. 43 —
Columbia' Mt. 30 —lOrlg Bullfrog. — 31
Dlamondfield. — 40|Ray Exten .. — 07
Dixie Mln ... — 22! Ray ft O'Brlen 05 08
Esperanza ... 01 021 Red Top 17 18
Free Gold M. — lSißescue 06 08
Gold Anchor. 50 fiOlKothwell G M 14
Ooldfleld 88l 06 08|Sar>dstorm ... 64 68
Goldfleld Mln. 77 —ITon Belmont.. It* «4
Goldfleld Mhk 17 — ;Ton Cash Boy. 12 —
c.idfld Red L. — 06 Ton Exten ...4 75 —
Ooldfleld SPk 15 18! Ton Gold Mt.. 14 IB
Gold Mt Con. — 021 Ton Midway.. 90 92
Hazel Kirk .. — 12lT0n Nev 11 75 12 00
Jim Butler .. 25 —ITon N Star... 31 33
Jumbo M Co. 68 TlfTon ft S Lake 35 —
Jumbo Ex .. 24 —|Unlted Ton .. — 15
Kendall 33 —|West End ... 20 25
ARMY ORDERS.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 30.—8y order
of the War Department, Captain Eu
gene T. Wilson is transferred from the
Thirty-second Company, coast artil
lery, to the unassigned list and will
proceed at the expiration of his pres
ent leave of absence to Fort Hunter,
Va., for duty, reporting* to the com
manding officer of that post and of the
Forty-seventh Company of the cotst
artillery. A leave of absence for two
months ls granted Second Lieutenant
Aristides Moreno, Twenty-eighth In
fr.ntry. Major William O. Owen, sur
geon, will proceed from Fort Logan,
Colo., to the Presidio at San Fran
cisco to the Army General Hospital,
for treatment. A leave of absence for
four months, to take effect upon the
arrival of his regiment at San Fran*
cisco, is granted Major George EC
Young. Eighteenth Infantry.
Private Joseph W. Gibson, Company
H, Eighteenth Infantry, who deserted'
on May 9, 1902, and was apprehended
on about December 31, 1904, at the
depot of recruits and casuals at Fort
McDowell, Cal., while serving as a re
cruit in the cavalry under the name of
Joseph Gibson, will be discharged
without honor from the army on ac
count of desertion and fraudulent en
listment. Sergeant of First Class
Grant Funderburg of the hospital
corps, now aat Dayton, Ohio, upon the
expiration of the furlough granted him
from Company B, hospital corps at
the Presidio at San Francisco, Cal.,
, will report to the commanding officer
at Fort Meade, South Dakota, to relieve
BOOK CONCERN
MEN ARE ANGRY
Methodists Meet and Make
Protest Against Sale of
Market Street Property
MAY SEEK LAW'S AID
Nathaniel T. Coulson Says
That He Has Offered an
Advance on Price Named
♦
Much indignation waa expressed yes
terday by members of the commission
for the care of the San Francisco de
pository of the Methodist Book Con
cern that a contract for the sale of ths
building 1037 Market street should
have been effected without their knowl
edge and consent of Eaton & Mains,
the Eastern agents.
A meeting was held at Epworth Hall,
in the very building which may slip
from the hands of the Methodists, and
protests were freely made and even
court proceedings considered. Tele
grams containing resolutions were sent
to Methodist headquarters in New York
City and Cincinnati, Ohio, expressing
the views of those who are most con
cerned in the interests of California
Methodism.
The Rev. Mr. Keast was in the chair,
and among those who took part in the
proceedings was Bishop Hamilton.
If there had been any doubt about
the actual disposal of tne valued prop
erty it was dispelled when the follow
ing explanation was suDmitted by J. A.
Jones:
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 28, 1905.
In relation to the sale of the realty of tha
Methodist Book Concern, 1037 Market street, I
have to say:
lam a real estate broker. Have operated In
euch capacity In and aoout San Francisco
during- the last fifteen years. For several
years—at' least eight or ten—l have tried at
different times to secure authorization for the
sale of the said property.
In April last I wrote to the authorities in
New "York City that I had a client to whom
sale might be made. I received no reply unUl
about Christmas time, when I was fully au
thorized to sell the property. I did so sell the
property during last week to Mr. Louis Fried
man of this city.
Of course, 1 had authority to sell the real
estate only. I understand that the depository
business of the Methodist Book Concern ls to
be continued as heretofore at tne oiu stand, or
in new quarters. JOHN A. JONES.
So worked up were a number oi those
who have for years taken an interest
in the establishment and the welfare
of this Western branch of the Book
Concern that they readily agreed to
transmit the following by telegraph to
the Western Book Concern, Cincinnati:
Resolved. That this meeting respectfully in
form the Western agents that our people on
the coa3t are greatly agitated by the reported
sale o: the property at 1037 Market street to
an outside party; and we earnestly hope for an
early assurance that not less than $125,000
shall be expended in providing adequate and
eligible quarters for the Christian Advocate
and Depository in the city of San Francisco;
and It Is our Judgment that the sale of the
property should not be consummated until
good or better property shall be se
cured.
A second resolution as follows was
wired:
Resolved, That we regret the sale of the
property at 1037 Market street hy the proper
authorities without consulting the local com
mission In charge of said property.
The meeting went even further than
to pass the foregoing resolutions and
decided that legal notice be given to
Louis Friedman, Friedman & Rogers,
J. A. Jones and the Bank of California
that the legal rights to the property
1037 Market street rest with the Meth
odist Episcopal church and that Eaton
& Mains hold the title thereto in trust
for the church. These persons and
firms are further to be notified "that
the General Conference of the Metho
dist Episcopal church is the supreme
authority in and of said church, and
by resolution of said General Confer
ence at the session of 1900 a local com
mission was constituted of seven mem
bers and vested with the full manage
ment and control of the business of
the depository at San Francisco and
with charge of all the property of the
Book Concern in California. This was
confirmed by the General Conference
of 1904 held in Los Angeles."
The local commission declares that
it has not authorized or consented to
th« sale and Jones, the agent, and the
Bank of California are particularly
notified not to deliver to Louis Fried
man or any one any deed conveying
the property.
If the Bank of California has re
ceived any money it is to be warned
not to give it over to any one but the
local commission. Louis Friedman and
Friedman & Rogers will be informed
that "Homer Eaton. George P. Mains
and the Methodist Book Concern have
not afiy right, authority or power to
grant or convey the premises or deliver
any deed purporting to convey the
property, nor has either of them any
right, power or authority to receive
any money as the purchase price of
the said property. They are further
notified that any sums that may be
paid by them will be at their own risk
and peril."
This notice is signed by C. B. Perkins,
secretary of the local commission. The
commission consists of Rolla V. Watt,
C. B. Perkins, Dr. C. F. Miller, Dr. E.
R. Dille. Dr. E. P. Dennett. A. J. Wal
lace and Dr. F. D. Bovard.
Among the indignant protestants is
the Rev. C. V. Anthony, who was one
of the committee that purchased the
property in 1875. Mr. Anthony wrotfc
a scathing denunciation of the act of
the New York Book Concern.
During the meeting a letter from
Nathaniel T. Coulson was submitted,
declaring that he had offered an ad
vance on the price paid for the prem
ises. It is said that Coulson's offer is
$135,000 while the price to be paid by
Friedman is $125,000.
The matter is causing no little anx
iety to those concerned. There are
those who believe that the New York
men had not the least legal right to
dispose of the property without the
consent of the California Commission,
while others unwillingly aver that th*
Eastern men possess the right to effect
the sale in the manner which they have
followed.
* ; *
Sergeant of the First Class Paul L.
"Whitmarsh of the hospital corps. Ser
geant Whitmarsh will be sent to
Washington to relieve Sergeant John
B. Copping, who will be sent to the
depot of recruits and casuals at Fort
McDowell. Cal., thence to Manila on
the transport sailing from San Fran
cisco about March 28.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Monday, January 30.
Btmr Bee, Wehman, .
Stmr Fulton, Panier, Eureka.
Stmr Santa Monica. Oleen. San Pedro.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN —Arrived Jan 30—Stmr G. C.
Lindauer; stmr laqua; stmr Chehalls, hence
Jan 27.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK—Arrived Jan 30—Stmr Hekla.
from Copenhagen; stmr Kroonland, from Ant
werp. Off Nantucket lightship—Stmr Slavonla,
from Trieste, Flume and Palermo
GENOA—Arrived Jan 80—Stmr "Prinz Adel
bert, from New York.
HAMBURG—Arrived Jan 29—Stmr Bluecher.
from New York, via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
BOLOGNE—SaiIed Jan 29—Stmr Pretoria
from Hamburg and Dover, for New York.
GIBRALTAR—Arrived Jan 30—Stmr Konlg
Albert, from New York, for Naples and Genoa,
and proceeded.
JILTED MAID
BRINGS SUIT
Wants Damages From Isaiah
H. Smith, W T ho Married
Her Very Wealthy Mistress
— —♦
CUPID - CKOESUS CASE
•
Husband of Mrs. Keating of
Pasadena Said to Have
Loved and Then Run Away
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 30.—As a sequel
to a most sensational marriage last
October, when Isaiah H. Smith, a house
painter, married Mrs. Isabella Keating,
widow of Andrew J. W. Keating, who
left her $2,000,000, a breach of promise
suit was filed to-day against Smith by
Miss Mary Kelly.
Smith's $2,000,000 wife is 22 years
his senior. She . requires him to pay
her $25 a month board and lodging out
of the $80 a month he earns by paint
ing houses. Now Smith's former
sweetheart wants $10,000 for breach
of promise of marriage.
According to the allegations con
tained in the complaint, Smith and
Miss Kelly were to have been married
on October 26, but on that day Smith
was married to the millionaire widow
whose fortune was more alluring
than the beauty of the maid, who
then held the humble position of
housekeeper to the widow. It mat
tered not that his bride, who is the
mother of twelve children, has sons
as old as himself.
Soon after his marriage he found that
he was not to participate in the joys
which fortune is supposed to provide.
Prior to the filing of the suit an effort
was made to effect a compromise, but
Smith found that he had only his
wages with which to pay Miss Kelly,
for his wife would not help him. Then
followed the filing of the suit.
DEATH CALLS VETERAN.
J. N. Patrick, Who Raised First Ne
braska Regiment, Succumbs.
OMAHA, Jan. 30.— J. N. H. Patrick,
a Nebraska pioneer, is dead. He was
70 years of age. Patrick raised the
first Nebraska Regiment at the out
break of the Civil War, through which
he served, attaining the rank of col
onel. Later he distinguished himself
in battles with the Indians on the
frontier and was for several years a
Government director of the Union Pa
cific. He had amassed considerable
wealth.
Central.
The Central stock company seemed
at home again last night in a melo
drama by Kremer called "A Prisoner
of War." Jumping from a Biblical play
to the scenic sensation that Kremer is
able to produce would not be attempt
ed by an ordinary stock company, but
that is where the Central differs from
most of the others—it is not an or
dinary company. Any one would have
thought from the smooth way In which
the performance ran that it had been
in rehearsal for weeks. As a melo
drama of the exciting type, Kremer's
latest production is certainly a winner.
It has more thrills and laughs than
most of the plays.written, and, having
for its theme plot the war that is
raging in the Far East, the interest
was held from the beginning. The story
is one of merit, the scenery, in partic
ular tlie third act, is quite the best
that has been* painted here In years,
and the costumes all the way through
are artistically beautiful." Miss Crosby
and Herschel Mayall divide the hon
ors in the leading parts. While not
offering the opportunity that Madam
Butterfly v did. one could see the
spark of genius leap through Juliet
< 'rosby's lines, and she strengthened
ihe role immeasurably by her artistic
work. She has irresistible magnetism
and delicate charm that always makes
her popular. Mayall looked to good
advantage. He was in the atmosphere,
and there are few better actors than
Hersßhel Mayall when he is fittingly
cast. The surprise of the evening was
little Viola Lambert, a young ingenue,
who Jumped into the part on a day's
notice and did acceptable work. There
is a bright future ahead of this clever
3 r oung girl. Harry Shumer gave fur
t!ieir evidence of his well-defined his
trionic ability, and, with James Cor
rigan, Ernest Howell and Julia Blanc,
helped carry through one of the most
exciting melodramas ever produced at
the Central.
IL%JLWAY TRAVEU
I fifiil'ii \ 1 riUln
1C A LIFORNIA LIM IT™dl
3 DAYS!
I LEAVES DAILY AT9-30A M B
tfj WITH OtrsE-WS AMD SLeEPEpsJ
Other Bants Fe Trains i
7:30 a. m. \
9:30 a.m.)- For Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld,
8:00 p. m.J Merced, Hanford end Visalla.
4:00 p.m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices —641 Market st. and Ferry Depot,
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak
land, Cal.; also 27 South First, San Jose.
To SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
5 MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO ' EtC '
!Be?BBlMflK2OTi via Sausallto Ferry
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally at 17 nn
7:45 8:20, 9:10. 9:50 11:00 a. m.; 12:20 i-a?
3:15; 4:35. 5:15. 6:50, 6.30. 7:15. 10:16 md
11:35 p. m.
Arrive at San Francisco dally, at t6-4fl
7:35. 8:15. 8:50, 9:35, 10:50 a. m.;' 12:10 laS
2:56. 4:25. 5:05. 6:42. 6:22. 6:57. 7:40 and lif&
P m. _
tDaily except Sunday.
For Fairfax dally at 7:45 a. m.; also Satur
days at 3:16 p. m and daily except Saturday
and Bunday st 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a m. daily—Cazadero and way stations
3:15 p. m., Saturdays only—For Cazadero
etc. *
6:15 p. m. dally, except Saturday and Sun
day for Tomales. eto.
TICKET OFFICE—6SO Market st. *
_ FERRY—Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt, Tamalpaisßai lway
"tr. Has Frandeoo ir. San Francises
-RTdiji Saaaayt "BenaaT»
... ... S: 25a SSbWH 1 • 30 «* i *10:50*
0:5Oa 4 »-j.«»a W IV 2:55r »:55r
i:4o> l:45rJ 6:22p' 6T»2r
Bltor< -;7 , „* :35p lata rain 11:12p
»Tia GtaTitT Car V aXTaaaiian toaffl Talls|
I!£FJL |W*M»wiTST.,(Notth Shore Railroad)
61710*3 | aad Sausautq Faaav, Foot Market St,
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Trains leave and »r« <*■•
/*0 <; <TT7>yJS. to arrive) at
ffr^^W2| BAN FRANCISCO.
V- V — Faa* Jasvabt 15, 1905.
Fsr.RT Depot
\jS (Foot of Market Street)
t'A.i - MAIN LINE. - absits'
7.00 a VaaavUle, Winters. Kumaey J 60*
7.00 a Benlcia Klmlraand Sacramento.. 7.20*
7 30a Vallejo. Napa. Callstoca. Santa
Roea, Martinez. San Ramon 6 20»
7 30a Slles.Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton.... 7.20*
8 00a Shasta Express— (Via Davit).
William*, Willows, tFrnto. Red
Blnlt. Portland, Tacoma, Ser.ttle 7-50*
8 COa Davis. Wood lead, Knights Landing.
Maryavlile. Orovllle 7 50*
8 30a Martinez. Aiitloch. b> r«n. Tracy.
Stockton. Newman. Loi Hanoi,
Mendota Armona, Hanford.
Vlialla. Portervllle ... 4.20*
830 a Port Cotta, Modesto. Merced.
Fresno, Gotben Junction. Han
ford, Vltalla. Bakeraneld 4 50*
1 30a Ntlet, San .lose. Livermore. Stock
ton. (tMUtori). lone, Sacramento.
... Marytvllle. Chlco. Bed Bluff 420*
0-30 a Oakdale. Chinese, Jamettown. So
„ nora, Tnoitininc anil Angelt TSK
••00a Atlantic Expreat—Ogden and Maaa. 5 20*
• 30a Richmond. Martlnoa and Way
Station. 8 50*
IOOOAThe Overland Limited — ogden.
Onjahn, Chicago. Denver, Kanaaa
City 820*
io.wa v»iiejo: 12 20*
10 OOaLos Angelea Patsenger -•- Port
Cotta. Marline*. Byron, Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Fresno. Gothcn Junc
tion, Hanford. Lemoore. Vltalla.
Bakenfleld. Loa Angelea 7.20*
10.00 a El Paio, Kansat City, St. Loult
tod Chicago 7 20*
12 00m Hayward, Nllei and War Stations. 3 20*
t l-9S p Sacramento Ulver Steaniert tll.oo*
3 JO* Benlcia, Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knighta Landing,
Marytvllle and Ororllle 10 50a
B.Bo* Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations.. 7-60*
3.30P Part Cotta, MaitlDex, Byron.Tracy,
Lathrop, Stockton. Modetto,
Merced, Berenda and Fretno... 12-20*
4.00* Martinez.San Knmon.ValleJo.Napa,
Calittoga, S*uta Ro«» 9.20 A
4 00p Nile*. Tracy. Stockton 10 20a
4 30* Hayward. Nile*, lrvlngton, Saa I tS-BOA
Jose, Livermore ■) 50*
64)0* The Owl Limited—Newman, Loa
Banoe, Mendota, Fresno, Tulare,
Bakenfleld, Lot Angelea B.BOA
f .00* Golden State Limited — El Pato,
Kantat City, St. Loult and
Chicago -B.Bo*
tfi 30p Hayward, Nlles and San Jose 7.20 a
6.00p Hayward. Ntlet anu San Joae 8 SOA
• 00p Eatturo Exprett—Omaha. Chicago,
Denver. Kansat City, St. Loult,
Martinez, Stockton. Sacramento,
Colfax, Reno, Bparkt, Montello,
Ogden 1280*
o.oop Vallejo, dally, except Sunday I 7 ««_
7 OOP Vallejo, Sunday only f ' mvw
7 OOp Richmond, Han Pablo, Port Costa,
Martinez and Way Statlona 11.20 a
7- OOp Reno Paetenger—Port Cotta, Be
nlcia, Solatin. Iltnlra, Dixon,
Davis, Sacramento, Sparkt, Tono
pah, Goldfleld and Keeler 7 80a
0 oBp Oregon * California Expreis—Sao
rameuto, Marytvllle, Bedding,
Portland. Pnget Sound and East. 8-60 A
I.IOp Hayward, Nlles andean Joae (Snn-
day only) . 11-804
COAST LINE (Harrow flaigs).
. (Foot of Market Street.)
8.16 a Newark. Centervflle, Saa Jote,
Felton, Hoalder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way atattoni 6 *8*
1216p Newark, Centervllle, Saa Joss.
New Alraaden.Lot Gatoa,Felton.
Bonlder Creek, Bantu Craa aa4
Principal Way Stations , tlO-88 a
4.11K Newark, Saa Jose, Lot Gates... •{ :I t J.||*
ev-SOe Hunters' Train (Saturday only)—
San Jo ye aad w>y Statlona .7-25*
COAST LINE (Broad fcaage).
Vm (Third and Tovfntend Streets.)
6.10 a San Jote and Way Statlona I SO*
7.00 a Sau Jote and Way Station! 5 40*
. B.ooa New Almaden (Tne*., Frtd.. only). 4.10*
8 00a The Coaster—San Jote, Ballnaa,
San Ardo, Paao Koblet. Santa
Margarita. San Lull Obispo,
Guadalupe. Gaviota, Santa Bar
bara, San Baenaventura,Oxnard,
Durbank. Lot Angelea 10 30*
■-00a Gllroy. Hollltter. Castrovllle, Del
Moate, Paclllc Grove, Surf, torn- ■
poc 10 50*
•>ooa Saa Joie. Tret Plnot.Wattonv'.lle,
Capitols. Santa Crux, Pact Be
Grove, 9altnat. San Lull Oblige
and Principal Way Statlona. ... 4.10*
10.30 a San Joae and Way Statlona 1.20*
11 JOa Sau Joae and Way Statlona 7.30p
2 16* San Jot* and Way Sutiom 8 36a
3 OLp Del Monte Express—Santa Clara,
San Joae, Watiosviue, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grove 12-15*
tS-OOP Lot Uatot. Wright. Boulder creek,
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge tlO 45a
3- 30P Valencia St.. South Sag Franclaco,
Burllngaaie. San Joae, Gllroy,
Hoi Hater. Trea Plnot 10-45 A
4- 30* San Jote and Way Statlona tS.OOa
t6-OSP Santa Clara, b.n J0... 1.0. Gatoa,
tod principal Way Statlona tS.OOA
i|-30p ba»Jo*eand Principal Way Station! 19 40a
6 46p Sunaet Expreae.—Redwood. San
Joae. Gllroy.Salinas, Paao Kohlea,
San Lnla oblapo, Santa Barbara,
Lot Angelea, Deinlng. El Pato,
New Orleans 9 10a
645p El Pato, Kanaas City, St. Loult,
Chicago 10.30*
6-46p Pajaro, Watson vil le, Capitol a,
Santa Cruz. Castrovllle, Del
Monte. Pacific Grove 10-30*
10.16* can Mateo,Bereaford.Belutont.Ban
tar lot. Redwood, Fair Oaka.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto h3 48«
6 30p S.n Joae aad Way Statlona 6-36 A
8- 00p Palo Alto and Way Stations 10 15a
11 .30p Bouth SanFrancltoo. Mlllbrae. Bur
llngame. San Mateo, Belmont,
Mi Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaka
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 1945 m
•lISOp Maytleld, Mountain View, Sunny
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
San Jote tS-48*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY '
(Foot of Market St.)
17.15 a.m. d 00 a.m. 11.00 A.M.
, 100 p.m. 3.00 p.m. SIS P.ttL
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
1 Sunday excepted. 1 Sunday only
a Satarday only. - » Monday enly.
{Stupa at all station* on Sunday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market Ortrnat.
BAH FRANCISCO TO SAW RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS—7:3O. 8:00, 11:00 a. m_; 12:88.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays—Eiitra trig)
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:80 p. m.
SUNDAYS—B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:80, 8:00.
5:00, 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAJT FRAirCXSOO
WEEK DAYS —6:05, 7:35, 7:80. »:20. 11:18
a. m.; 12:50, 8:40. 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:88 p. 08.
SUNDAYS—B:OO, 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 8:40.
4:05, 5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. I Oct. 2, 1904. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- Destine- Sun- I Week
9:30 a Ignaota. 10:40 a 10:80 a
3:30 p 3:30 p - 6:05 p 6:20 9
5:10 p 5:00 p 1 7:35 p
"55i 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato, 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma, 6:06 p 6:20 »
6:10 p 8:30 p and 7:35 p
bjsbbssbi sssasw
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 »
8:30 p 8:30 pj __
Windsor, 1 L
7:80 a 8:00 a Healdsburg, 10:40alOJS«
Lytton. _ „ -.—'■
8:80 p 3:30 pi GeyservUls. T:BS • BSBw9
I I Cloverdale. I
7:80 a 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 all(>:20 a
3:30 p 3:3op| and Uklah. I 7:85 p( 6.20 P
j 1 WllUts and I I _
7:80 a! 8:00al Sherwood. [T:Bsp|6:oop
..,a,i b -oOsI 110:40 allO:20 a
liaopl fiaopf .| T:B5 p| 0:20 p
\:3oal sloOal Sonoma f®:* 0 *!
s\lo p| 8:00 p| Olen Ellen. I 6:05 p| 6.20 p
V-ift~«l 8-00 al 110:40 al 10:20 a
ImS ) 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
cTippc connect at Green Brae for Saa
QuenAn at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs 'and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lvtton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
«m ina-s- at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone
\ille and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Snringa Highland Springs. Kelseyvitle. Carls
bid Springs Soda Bay, Lakeport, BarUett
SDrings and Lake County Hot Springs; at
T-wiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs.
Uuper Lake Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside, Lierly's. Bucknell's. Sanhedrin
Heights Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs. Halfway
House "Comptche, Hopkins. Mendocino City.
Fort Bragg Westport and Usal; at Wllllts for
Fort Bragg. Hearst aad Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvtlle, Cummings,
Bella Springs, Harris. Hubbard. Frultland.
Dyer. Garberville. Camp 8. Pepperwood. Bcotla
snd Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re
duced rates.
On Sunday—Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
WEEKiT CALL
16 Pages. $1 per YearCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wall-street Stocks unsettled. Cotton somewhat higher.
Slight changes in Silver and Exchange.
Wheat and Barley firm, with futures higher.
Com lower. Oats firm and Rye steady.
Hay weak under heavy receipts. Beans show some changes.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables plentiful and quiet.
Poultry and Came in good demand and steady.
Citrus and Deciduous Fruits about as before quoted.
Dried Apricots and Apples firm . Honey dull and lower.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged. Provisions slozv.
Cattle, Sheep mid Hogs unchanged.
Cotton and Japanese Bonds.
Brokers' wires from New York yesterday
eaid:
"The rise In Japanese bonds last week waa
one of the general principles of the financial
situation. Tbe advance in the bonds and the
heavy transactions in them point to the great
popular Interest that has been taken in them,
while' giving proof that they are regarded as
a safe Investment, even though these condi
tions reutrn 6% per cent.
"In cotton the general opinion here is that
large shorts have covered their lines and are
playing the long side at the moment. It
seems now' that the farmers have the better
of the situation, and if they can only hold out
this will no doubt govern prices to a certain
extent for the rest of this crop, aa there ls
every effort being made by the bankers and
financial Institutions generally to assist them
in their holdings."
Quicksilver Trade.
The exports of quicksilver from San Fran
cisco by sea In December. 1904, were as fol
lows:
To— Flasks. Values.
New York LIOO 842,800
Japan 927 35,133
Australia 60 1.950
Mexico 805 11.839
Central America 85 8,285
Totals 2.467 $95,067
In December, 1903. the exports were 584
flasks, valued at $24,443. The receipts at San
Francisco last month were 1657 flasks, against
3283 flasks In December, 1903.
The monthly shipments from San Francisco
WW sea during the year ending December 81,
1904, were as follows:
Months — Flasks. Values.
January 8,967 $105,347
February 2,706 107.328
Maroh 2,718 108,073
April 470 19.306
May ........ 2.203 94,402
June 1.383 59,158
July 1.427 54,527
August 1,409 53,110
September ... 1.340 51,557
October 1,941 a 77,046
November 696 26,911
December 2,462 94.968
Totala 22.717 $911,738
In 1903 the total shipments were 16,686
flasks, valued at $718,267. The receipts at
Pan Francisco in 1904 were 28,787 flasks,
against 27.509 flasks In 1903 The shipments
t.) China and Japan last yea were over 11,000
flasks. .
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
NKW YORK. Jan. 80.—Close: Mopey on
call—Steady at 1%@2 per oent: closing bid, 1%
per cent; offered, 2 per cent.
Time loans —Very easy; sixty and - nlntey
days. 3 per cent; six months, 8% per cent.
Prime mercantile papers—B%o4% per oent.
Sterling exchange—Easier, closing firm, with
nctual business in bankers* bills at $4.8780®
4.5755 for demand and at $4.8550@4.8555 for
sixty day bills, i.-c
Posted nates—s4 86 and $4 88%.
Commercial bills—s4 85%.
Bar sllvor—6lc.
Me-dcan dollars-—47 %o.
Bonds—Governments, steady* railroads. Ir
regular.
New Y"ork Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 80.—There was great
variety In to-day's stock market, with large
dealings and wide, constant fluctuations, but
the net changes do not In any degree corre
spond with the wide movements of tbe day.
Tho mainspring of tbe speculation was the
action of the Supreme Court in the Northern
Securities case. "Last week's buoyant rise in
the stocks which have responded to the va
rious developments In the Northern Securities
case waa associated with a general conviction
in Wall street that the court had reached the
determination to refuse the petition of the
Harriman party for a writ of certiorari to re
view the deoision against them In the lower
courts. By permitting the Immediate distri
bution of Northern Securities assets, such ac
tion by the court, It was felt, would prac
tically determine the contest. The anomaly
of strength shown by the stocks of both sides
to the contest on accojnt of a decision which
would be a defeat for one side apparently es
caped notice. The movement of the stocks to
day seemed to demonstrate by their final ac
tion that their advance has not been influenced
by consideration of a decision In the Northern
Securities. But it was shown also that there
had been a large speculative following In this
stock, which supposed that this was the in
fluence that moved them. Thus, there was
again heavy unloading when it became known
that the action of the Supreme Court would
have the efTeot of continuing the Injunction
under whioh the Northern Securities Company
ls tied up. That stock itself fell back nearly
8 points on the curb, and Union Pacific,
Southern Pacific and St. Paul were acutely
affected on the exchange. The determined ac
cumulation of Union Pacific at the lower lev
els and Its vigorous movement upward again
pointed to other causes for the advance and
the mysterious power of the railroad "deal"
again asserted Itself on the speculation ter
n Union Pacific, St. Paul, Southern Pacific,
Chicago and Northwestern and allied stocks.
Erie, New York Central, the Vanderbflts and
Kansas City Southern were all influenced im
mediately by the supposition of the deal. Dis
claimer of the deal stories, said to be with
oificial sanction but anonymously reported,
had no effect on that speculative excitement.
Outside of this Influence there were no clearly
defined factors In the market. There was
sr>me disposition to attribute the strong re
covery to the retreat of the bear interest
which has made demonstration against the
market for some time past. The special
strength of Amalgamated Copper was attrib
uted to this cause. Interviews with railroad
traffic officials pointed to slight interruption
of the freight movement by last week's storm
obstruction and the merchandise movement
was sold to be well maintained. Foreign fac
tors fell Into the background. Money was
again very easy and the prospects of large ad
ditional exports of gold caused no disturbance.
Except for the Harrtmans and Va-idere>itts
there were not many stocks that recovered
above Saturday. The closing waa steady and
not very far from the average of Saturday's
level.
Bonds continued to be well absorbed both
on the Stock Exchange and over the counter,
but depression of some of the speculative Is
sues made the movement Irregular. Total
sales, $7,475,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
call.
New York Stock List,
E. F. Hutton A Co.. 490 California street,
San Francisco, members of tne New York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
quotations of that exchange:
..{Adams Express..
oLOoO'Anialg Copper .
Am Cajl Co
Do pfd
I Am Car *r Fy Co.
j Do pfd
100|Am Cotton Oil...
Do pfd
|Am Dlst Tel
|Am Express ....
1,100; Am Or Twine Co
600.'Am Hide & L..
1.800 Do pfd
300j American Ice ..
:::::::
ioo
! 340 IJS4VJ
I 73%| 71%j 72%, 73
j 10 1 10%
I I 0196,1 02%
I j 33%I 33%
83% 93"%
I 34 34 | 88% 1 34%
f ( [93 97
L 1 35 ! 39
| 1220 1223
j 10%) 10%i 10%) 11
I 10%: ll»% 10% I 10%
40% 48% | 49%! 49%
6% 6%! •«% «%
«»% 87% 38% 38%
16%j 1(1% 10% 17%.
[..... 28 41 -a
38 80%; 36% 37
111% no%|iio% in
8 7% 7% 8
26% 20%
86% 85% | 85%! 85%
11'C 119%!11S% 110%
] 142% 1141 ]141%[142
138 |139
145 146
94% 94% 94% 94%
22% 22% 22% 22%
94% 95%
1107 ,106 106%!107
I ! 30, I st
1 62 I 67
87% I 87% S7V.| 87%
iox %uoo%'ioo%"lioi
102%il01%'102%!102% .
96%! »6%I 96 | 97
! 6-161 7-16
I
I'm"
1 i
L....1
i
1.100
10%'
i 10% j
40%;
| 6%'
Mm
80U| Do pfd
400 Am Linseed .... j
Do pfd
i. 4J/>; Am Locomotive. j
fttioj -Do pfd
TuOiAm Malt
Do pfd
8,100; Am 8m tc RX Co
2,3001 Do pfd
4,000 Am Sugar ......
Do pfd
Am Tel tt T Co.
4. COO Am Tob pfd
200 Am Woolen
j Do pfd
300 Anaconda
Arm Arbor
Do pfd
6,700!A T A 8 F
700] Do pfd
t,700jBalt & Ohio
1001 Do pfd .......
[Bay State Gas..
38
m%
8
37
111
8
20%
85%
110%
6,200|B R T 61% 1 60% 60% | 61
iBrook I'n Gas 204 210
|Bruns DAI 9 12
iButterick Co i 60% 63
r.TuVICanada Southern 71 %| 69 70 72
8,800!Canadlan Pacific 188% 188 133% 133%
7.900jC & 0 49 48% 48% 49 -
2,800 C & A 44 43% 43% 43%
200 Do pfd 83 82% j 82% 82%
15,900,C A G W........ 23%| 23 23% 23%
Do pfd A i 66% 68
800 Do pfd B 35% 34% 34% 35%
Do debs 1 85% 80%
15,600 C & N W 245 241% 244%;245
77,200iC M & St P 177% 174% 176% 170%
I Do pfd 83 86
16.800C R 1 & P (new) 35% 34% 35%j 35%
Do pfd 82% 81 80% I 82
! Do 4s 82% I 84
1 WW]Chicago Term .. 18%! 18 18%! 18%
SisOOi Do pfd 82%I 30% 32 I 32%
2.700'Chlcago Un Trac li%] 12 12%l 12%
1001 Do pfd 47% 46% 46%l 47%
11,500;C C C & St It... 102% 101 !l01%
1 Do pfd ...1114% 120
Cleve Lor & W. 85 100
j Do pfd 106%! 108%
42,R00 Colo Fuel A Iron 47%I 47%
Do pfd 85 94%
1.8O0IColum H C A I.. 18% 17 17 17% ,
l,700|Colorado So 25% 25 25 25%
300! Do 1st pfd ... 63 62% 62% 63
1,000 Do 2d pfd ... 87% 37 37 37%
2,400'consol Gat) 204% 203 203% 203%
Con Tob pfd 135 136
1,000 Corn Products .. 20% 20 20 20%
Do pfd 73 73%
1,400 Del & Hudson.. 183% 182% 183% 184
D L A W 340 346
100 D A R G 81% 33
200 Do pfd 86% 86% 86 86%
Des M 46 Wt IX ... 24 28
SOOiDetroit U n Ry.... 77 J 77 77% 78%
I.eOOlDetrott So 9 | 8%f 8% 9%
Do pfd »1 32 34
Diamond Matoh 136 140
l.lOOIDistil Secur 36% 37%
Do bonds 79% 80
200 Duluth S S A A.I 16 16 15% 16%
2.400 Do pfd 87 86 36 36%
lS9.300lErle 44 j 43% 43% 44
14,6001 Do 1st pfd... 82%I 81% 82% 82%
6.200 Do 2d pfd 67 ! 66% 66% I 66%
IFj A T H 69 71
Do pfd 85 i 90
Gen Chemical ,55 I 56
;.. Do pfd 101% 102
900 Gen Electric 185% 184% 184% 185%
£00 Great No pfd.. .250 250 250 253
Green Cons Cop 26% 20%
Havana Tob Co ! 33 85
Do pfd 43 44%
Hocking Val 87% 90
800 • Do pfd 93% 93% 93 94
4,400 Illinois Central . 158% 157% 158% 158%
. M Inter Paper 20% 21%
StW Do pfd 78% 77 76% 77%
Inter Power 65 66
800 Inter Pump 39 S8 38 39
Do pfd 86 86%
400 Iowa Central . . 29% 29% 29% 30
Do pfd 66 67
Kanawha A Mch 82% 83
300!KC FtS A M pfd 82 I 82 81% 82%
9.000iKans City So .. 31%! 29 30% 30%
26,100j Do pfd 64 59 62% 63
Keokuk St D M. 13 17
Laclede Gas pfd.]../.. 90 105
... Lake E St West.I 38 40
100 Do pfd (100 100 99 100
Long Island 1 57 63
8.000 T-ouis A Nash... 137%!186% 136%!l87%
1,800 Manhattan 170% 170 170%|170%
IManhat Beach | 10 j 13
[Marine I \% 14%. 14%
! Do pfd : ! 37 37%
600!Met Securities... 76% 76% 76 76%
1,800 Met St Ry 116 115% 116% 116
1,700!Mexican Central. 23 22% 22% 22%
iMtnn St St L 54 61
,. Do 1st pfd 85 90
1.900IM. St P & S S M 98 97 98 98%
400 Do 1st pfd 167% 157 157% 158
300'Mo. Kan St Tex. 32 31% 31% 31%
l.lOOj Do pfd 65% 65% 65% 66
7,300;Missouri Pacific. 107 106% 105% 106%
2001 Nash. C St St L. 140 139 138 140
8,400:National Lead... 27% 26% 26% 27%
4001 Do pfd 100%! 99% 99% 100%
Ntl R R Mex pfd j 42% 43
800jNational Biscuit. 56 I 55% 55 65%
lOW Do pfd 116% 116 115% 117
1.400;New Jersey Cen. I196%!l95 196% 196%
IN Y Air Brake. 156 160
22,100!New York Cen.. 147% 145% 146% 147
8,700|N Y, C & St L. 45 44 44% 45
700 Do 1st pfd 122% 120 120 125
700 Do 2d pfd 78% 77 79 80-
New York Dock 23% 26TJ
In Y, N H St H 200 200%
6,500'N Y, Ont & W. 44% 44 44% 44%
1,100 Norfolk & West. 79% 78% 78%! 79
Do pfd 92 95
300|North American. 100 100 100 101
I Northern Sees 147 148
Omaha 186 187
Do pfd 210
O S L 4s 104% 104%
Pacific Coast 1 80% 82
Do 1st pfd....I lOO' 105
Do 2d pfd I ] 84 87
300 Pacific Mail I 43%l 43 42% 43%
85,000|Penn R R Co... 137%' 1.16% 137% 137%
Gas 107% 106% 100%!107
300|Pere Marquette.. 85% 95% 96%) 95%
Do pfd I j 86% 87%
P, C, C & St L.l 1 76% I 78%
Do pfd : 102 112
700!Pressed Steel Car 87% . 37 37% 38
700) Do prd 91% 91 91% 91%
Pullman Car Co 238 245
700 Ry SteeV Springs 33% 33% 33% 33%
Do pfd 93% 94
36,500 Reading 88 87% 87% 87%
400 Do 1st pfd 92 91% 91% 92
300| Do 26Tpfd 88 87% 87% 88
100'Republic S A. I.. 16 15% 15% 16
800| Do pfd 69% 67%| 68%! 69%
oOOjRubber Goods... 27% 26% 27 27%
Do pfd J 93 97
300 Slcss S S St I pfd 61 61 60 60%
St J & G I...... ..... . 15 17
Do 1st pfd 53% 56
Do 2d pfd 26 28
StL & SF 1st pfd 76 77
200 Do 2d pfd ... 70% 70% 70% 70%
200 St L & S W ... 27 25 26 27
200 Do pfd' 61% 60% 60% 61%
12.100 Southern Pac .. «7% 6H14 66% 67
6,000! Do pfd |118 |117%!118%ril8%
S,000[Southern Ry ... 34% 8Sij 34 34 yi
2,000 Do pfd . • e97% 97%! 97 97%
Standard Oil .... I633 038
700| Standard RAT % % % 1
3,70O!Tenn Coal A I. 72 71 71% 71%
Texas P I. T Co 86 37%
8C0 Texas Pacific ... 34% 84% 34 34%
Third Avenue 125 130
100 Toledo RAT CO 22% 22% 22% 23
Toledo St L A W 35 % 36
100 Do pfd 53% 53% 52% 63%
2,700 Twin City R T.. 108% 107% 109 109%
Do pfd .' 107% 107%
1,600 Union Bag A P 10% 10 10 10%
400 Do pfd 72 71% 72 73%
882,100 Union Pacific ... 123% 119% 123 123"*
Do pfd 97% 98%
Do conv 4s 121% 121%
United Copper 7% 8
United R of S F 24% 25
Do pfd 70% 71
Do 4s 87% . 88%
2.000 U S Cast Iron P 24% 24% 24% 24%
200 Do pfd *84% "84% 84% 84%
IU 8 Express •{ 120 125
8.300 U 8 Leather ... 14% 13% L3% 13%
800 Do pfd 102% 102 ,101% 102
6,600|U 8 Realty A Cn 81% 80% 81%
700 U S' Rubber 37% 36% 30% 37
200 Do pfd 100% lOO' 100% 100%
. 68,000 U 8 Steel Cor... 31 30% 30% 30%
62.300 Do pfd .* 95 94 % 94% 94%
e00Va-Car Chem Co 35 34% 33 33%
400 Do pfd 108 107 107% 108%
400 Wabash 22 21% 21% 22
600 Do pfd 44 43% 43% 44
Do deb Bs 68 69
Wells Fargo Ex 240 260
200 Western Union.. 92% 92% 92% 92%
100 Westinghouse .. 180% 180 180 181
Do 1st Pfd 190 194
100 W A L E 11 10% 10 10%
Do 1st pfd 45% 46%
f Do 2d pfd 25% 26
I Wisconsin Cen.. 22 21% 21% 22
..« I Do Pfd 46 45% 45% 46
1
'ii%
133%
1*4
83
23%
'35%
177%
'35%
82%|
.....
20%
183%
'si%
86%
I 87
44
82%
1 67 I
I
'93%
158%|
78%'
*39"l
|-82"
I 31%
64
libb"
1
76%
116
23
'98"
167%
32
65%
.....
i
| 60
133
I 48%
43 V*
82%
i 23
I
34%
241%
174%
|34%
81
hit*"
I 30%
I 12
i 46%
96%
i
1
1 . .
...
93%;
157%j
S8
29%
82
29
59
31%
I 65%
■106%
139
1 26%
; 99%
j'55%
116
195
|i45%
44
'26"
S3"
86%
'77"
8%!
!
16
86
43%
81%
66%
t. .. 1
*97"
0
60%
70 [
133% I
48% I
43%
82%
23%
66%
34%
85%
244%
170'..
83
35% j
80%
. S2%
18%!
1 32 I
1 46% I
■ 1(11 !
1U1
106%
47%
f?
250 !
"26%:
33
43
87%
93
158%;
20%
76%
65
38
86
29%
56
82%
81%
30%
62%
13
86
24
77%
8%|
26%
99%
42%
55
115%
195%
156
14%
37
76
86
88
49 -
43%
82%
23%
68
35%
I 86%
;245
170%
j 86
I 35%
I 82
I 84
1 18%
I 32%
! 12% :
47%
101% !
120 I
100 I
!108% I
I 47%
94%
17%
25%
63
37%
'86%
28
\Ti
34
140
37%
80
16%
36%
44
I 82%
I 66%
71
! 90
56
102
188%
263
35 s *
S*
94 -
13
14%
37%
76VS
116
22%
61
90
98%
158
31%
66
106%
140
27%
100%
43
55%
117
196%
12
68
73
! 21%
77%
66
39
86%
30
67
83
W%
3.'%
63
17
56
ii6%;
[196%
147%
45
122%
78%
44%
120
79
23%
200
'44%
7»%
166"
'44"
78%
44%
78%!
92 I
Til
80
148
187
I
104%
I
1
'
43% j
107-%
95%
I
43
106%
95%
.84 I
42%
137U
106%
96%
86%
76%.
m
1107
I 95%
87%
78%
I j
'37%
91%
'33%
88"
92
88
16
69%
,37"
'91 I
'33%
'87%
91%
33%
93%
87%
91%
87%
15%
68%
27 I
93
60
15
38
91%
94
87%
92
88
16
69%
27%
97
60%
17
56
28
77
70%
27
61%
67
"ei"
76
70%
25
I 67 V. I 65 U
118 "[117%!
| 34% I 38*
•97% 97 %l
"'%["'%:
72 71 j
I a
84%
97%
1
71%
37%
34%
s4% 'ii%
io"
71%
123'k
98 %
L21%
8
25
71
!
...
JlOO
81%
37
100%
30%
94%
108%
05
35
108
22
44
04
34!
21%
43 %
io%
:::::
1,298,300—Total shares sold..
New York Bonds.
U S ref 2s reg. .104%|Japan 6s. cert.... 99
Do coupon 104%, L & N unified 4s.l03%
Do 3s reg 103 ' Man coft gold 4S.108U
Do coupon :'H%!Mex Central 4s... 74
Do new 4s reg.l»o%! Do 1st inc 23ti
Do coupon 131%!Minn A St L 4s.. 99%
Do old 4s reg.lOT.%lM. K A Texas 4s.101
Dj coupon .106%! Do 2ds 87%
Amor Tob 4s. cert 75%■STB of Mex con 4s 82
Do 6s, eert....irr3?N y c gen 3%s..l00%
Atch gen 4s...:..104 ;N J C gen 5s 135
Do adj 4s...... 95%!Nor Pacific 4s;...105%
Atlantic C L 4s. 101%I Do 3s 78
Bait A Ohio 4s.. 104% Nor A W con 48.103%
Do 3%s 95% 0 S L refdj 4s... 97%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1905.
Central of Ga 55.113%[Pa cony 3%s 103%
Do let mo 02 Reading gen 45...102%
Do 2d lno 70%|S L A I M con 55.117%
dies & Ohio 4%5.K>8% 3 L A S P fg 4s. 91
Chi & Alton 3%5. 82 Ist L S W con 4s. 83
('. B & Q new 4s. 100%! Seaboard A D 4s. 39
C. R I & Pac 4s. 82%! So Pacific 4s 96%
Do col 5s 96% So-Railway 6s 119%
C.CX A SLgn 4s.lo3\»lTex A Pac Ist?. .121
Phi Term 4s 90% Tol. St L A W 4s. 83%
Colo Midland 45.. 74%1Un10n Pacific 45.105%
Colo A So 4s 92V.1 Do cony 4a 122%
Cuba 5s cert 106t;iU S Steel 2d 65.. 94
Den A Rio G 45.101 iWabash lsts 119
Dlst Securities 5s 79% I Do deb B 68
Brie prior Hen 45.102 I Western Md 45.. 92%
Do gen 4s 92U W & L Erie 45... $5%
F W A D C lsts.lll%!W!s Central 45... 92%
Hock Val 4%5...H0i,|
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 201 Little Chief 05
Alice 65! Ontario 2 50
Hreece 20|Ophir 6 37%
Rruns Con 08! Phoenix 11
Com Tunnel 09'Potosi 10
Con Cal A Va. ..1 551 Savage 82
Horn Silver 1 dSfcira Nevada.... 38
Tron Silver 2 15! Small Hopes 28
Leadvllle C0n.... 02! Standard 1 50
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— !U S Steel 80%
Call loans 2%03'-. Do pfd 94%
Time loans 3 ®4 I Westing Common. 89
Bonds— j Mining—
Atchison 4s 102% Adventure 6%
Do adj 4s 95 Allouez 20%
Mcx Central 45.. 75 Amal Copper 72%
Railroads— Amer Zino 12%
Atchison 87% Atlantic 17
Do pfd 100% Bingham 82%
Boston A Albany.2s6 j Calumet A Hecla.67s
Boston Elev 155% ICentennlal 18
Fitchburg pfd 144 'Copper Range ... 67%
Mcx Central 22%! Daly West 15%
N T. N H A H. .200%'Dom Coal 61
Pere Marquette... 95 (Franklin 10%
Union Pacific 122%|Oranby 5
Miscellaneous— lisle Royals 25%
Amer Arge Chem. 20%' Mass Mining .... 10
Do pfd 87 I Michigan 12%
Amer Pneu Tube. 4%|Mohawk 51%
Amer Sugar 141%! Mont Coal A Coke 4%
Do pfd 138 (Old Dominion ... 23%
Amer Tel A Tel.l4s%iOsceola 93
Amer Woolen ... 22% '• Parrot 27
Do pfd 95%!Qulncy 110
Dom Iron A 8... 19 |Bhannon 8%
Ed Elect Ilium.. 251 I Tamarack 129
Gen Electric 185 [Trinity 9%
Mass Electrto 15 Jl7 8 Mining 21%
Do pfd 80 | IT 8 Oil 9%
Mass Gas 88%! Utah 41%
United Fruit 105 lVictoria 4%
Un Shoe Mach... 75%|Wlnona 12
Do pfd 84 I Wolverine 107
London Closing Stocks, f
Cons money.. .88 11 161N T Central.... .foo
Do acct 88 11-16|Nor A Western... 81%
Anaconda • 6%! Do pfd 95
Atchison 89% Ont A Western... 46%
Do pfd 103 v, Pennsylvania 70
Bait A Ohio 104% Rand Mines 10%
Can Pacific 136 K. Reading 44%
Ches A Ohio 49%! Do Ist pfd 47
Chi Great West. 24%! Do 2d pfd 44%
Chi. Mil A St P. 180 ISO Railway 35%
De Beers 17% I Do pfd 99%
Den A Rio G 83 iSo Pacific 68
Dopfd .., 78%! Union Paciflo 124%
Erie 44%' Do pfd 99%
Do Ist pfd 82 |U S Steel 31
Do 2d pfd 68 | Do pfd 96%
111 Central 159 iWabash 22%
Louis A Nash 141 ! Do pfd 44%
M. X A T v xfts... 32%'
Bar silver—Steady; 28 11-16 d per ounce.
Money—2©>2% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market
for short bills ls 2 7-164*2% per cent nr.d for
three months' bills 2 7-16®2% per cent,
a
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Jan 80.—To-day's state
ment cf the treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balance, 8138,577,184; gold, $49,
--765,383.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 30.—Cotton futures opene*
steady; January, 6.70 c; February,
March, 6.82 c; April, offered 6.85 c; May, 8.87 c;
June, offered C.95c; July, 6.99 c; August, 7.03 c;
September, 7.10 c bid.
Futures closed steady at an advance of 6
points on January, while later months were
a point lower to 1 point higher.
Spot closed quiet. 10 points higher; middling
uplands, 7.10 c; middling gulf, 7.35 c; sales,
105 bales.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Jan. 80.— FLOUR—Receipts,
R3OO barrels; exports, 1600 barrels. Dull, with
a steady underttone.
WHEAT—Receipts, 14.800 bushels. No. 2
I red, nominal elevator; No. 2 red, $1 21%
! afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 27% f. o. b.
; afloat: No. 1 hard Manitoba. 81 11@1 11% f. o.
Ib. afloat. Options were Arm all day, except
lat the opening, when depressed by bearish
I statistics. Buying was stimulated by a strong
Bt. Louis market and predictions of smaller
receipts, the close showing %<6>%c net higher.
May closed at $1 16%; July closed at 81 02%;
September cloeed at 96% c.
HOPS—Steady and quiet.
HIDES— Firr-.
PETROLEFi.iI—Easy. Refined New Tork.
7.28 c; Philadelphia and Baltimore, 7.20 c; do, In
bulk, 4.30 c.
COFFEE—Spot Rio, nominal; mild, quiet. I
The market for futures closed net unchanged t
on January and 10 to 15 points lower on later ,
months. Sales, 24,750 bags including: March,
7.15@7.40c; May, 7.70@7.75c; July, 7.85«8e; '
September, 8.10®8.20c.
SUGAR —Raw, Arm; refined, steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES—The market shows !
little change, prices being held around recent
Agures, though demand is light and the tone
of the market seems barely steady. Common
are quoted at 4@sc;. prime, 6%©5% c; choice,
5444 MC; fancy, 6%®7c.
PRUNES—The larger sizes are said to be In
limited supply. Demand, however, ls not press
ing for the moment and the market is no
better than steady at quotations ranging from
2c to 5%c, according to grade, for California
fruit.
APRICOTS—Remain unchanged, at 10®10%c
for choice; ll@l2c for extra choice, and 12®
15c for fancy.
PEACHES—RuIe Arm at 9%®10%c for
choice; 10%®10%c for extra choice, and 11%®
12c for fancy.
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK, Jan. 80.—According to London
cables, there waa considerable covering of tin
by shorts, also some American buying, with
the result that prices closed Arm and higher
at £132 5s for spot and £130 7s 6d for futures.
Locally supplies available for Immediate de—
' livery are said to be limited and are very firm
ly held, spot being quoted at from $30 to $30 50,
although it is stated that tin for delivery later
than February can be secured around $29 26.
Copper was without special feature on the
local market, continuing firm at $15 50 for
lake, $16 8?%©15 50 for electrolytic and at $16
' ©15 25 for casting. The London market waa '
; a little higher, with apot quoted at £«7 10s 6d I
, and futures at £68. • * " I
The London lead market was also a little
higher, with spot closing at £12 15s. The lo
cai market was unchanged at $4 45®4 66.
Spelter was unchanged at $6 20®6 SO In the
local market and at £24 16s in London.
Iron closed at 63s 9d in Glasgow and 47s :
10% d in Middlesboro. Locally the market waa !
reported Arm, but rather quiet. No. 1 foundry
Northern, is quoted at $17 50® 17 75; No. 2 i
foundry. Northern, at $17 60[ No. 1 foundry, i
Southern, and No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft,
at $17 75©18.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW TORK, Jan. SO.—The visible supply
of grain Saturday, January 28, as compiled by
the New York Produce Exchange, is as fol
lows :
Wheat, 89,878,000 bushels, Increase 4000;
corn, 11,682,000.bushels, increase 170,000; oats,
18,688,000 bushels, decrease 683,000; rye, 6 - L
905,000 bushels, decrease, _$3,000; barley. 5. '
900,000, decrease, 11,000. /
CHICAGO BOARD OP TRABxt
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Jan. 80.—Strength developed in
tbe wheat pit after a weak opening. At the
start the market was bearish ly affected hy
lower prices at Liverpool and the weekly '
statistics, which were quite disappointing to i
bulls. The amount of breadstuA*s on ocean
passage showed an Increase of 1,385,000 bush- !
els. In addition, the world's shipments were
larger than expected. Furthermore the domes
tic situation was less reassuring to bull traders I
receipts In the Northwest being in excess of
those of the corresponding day a year ago.
After opening at $1 15%©1 16%, May declined
to $1 15% on general selling. During the
early part of the session there was very little
demand. As a result trading was inclined to
drag. Later more activity was manifested In
consequence of a better demand for cash
wheat, both In the Southwest and Northwest.
At Minneapolis sales of Aour were reported as
being heavier than for some time past. This
gave additional zest to speculative trading.
On covering by shorts, prices were forced
steadily upward, the market closing at the
highest point, of the day, with May at $1 16%
®1 16%.
Owing to prospects of a more liberal move
ment, sentiment in the corn pit was rather
weak. May opened %®%c lower at 44%®
44% c to 44% c, closing at 44%@44%c.
Business in the oats pit was much livelier
than has been In evidence for the last month.
■ May or>°ned unchanged to a shade lower at
80%®30%e and closed at 30%®30%c.
Notwithstanding lower prices at the yards,
| following heavier receipts of hogs than ex-
I pected, the provisions market was Arm the
I entire day. At the close May pork was up
7%©10 c, lard was 5c higher and ribs were up
2%®5c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
May 1 15% 1 .16% 1 15% 1 16%
July 88*4 98% 98/*
Corn, No. 2 —
January 42 42% 42 42%
May 44% 44% 44% 44%,
July 45V* 45% 45% 45%
Oats, No. 2^-
January . 30 30 29% 30
M„v 30>v t 30% 30% 36-%
July 80% 80% 80% 80£
.viess pork, per bbl—
January 12 77% 12 77% 12 75 12 75
May 12 87% 12 97% 12 87% 12 92%
Lard, per 100 lbs-
January •••• •••• 6 80
May 695 705 6 95 700
July 7 07% 7 15 7 07% 7 12%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs-
January .77.... 6 67% 670 865 « 87%
May 6 82% 690 6 82% 6 87*
July... 700 7 02% TOO 700
Cash Grain and Provisions.*
CHICAGO. Jan.. 80. —Cash quotations wera
ai follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
81 I|®l 16; No. 3, $1 12@1 15; No. 2 red.
$1 17%®1 19%; No. 2 corn, 43c; No. 2 yellow,
43% c; No 2 oats, 31c; No. 2 white. 31%@320;
No. 3 white, 30%®31%c; No. 2 rye, 75c; good
feeding barley; 37c; fair to choice malting,
43®48c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 16; No. 1 North
western, $1-28; prime timothy seed, $2 82%:
mess pork, per bbl. $12 75®12 80; lard, per
100 lbs $6 80; short clear sides (boxed).
$8 62%®6 87%; whisky, basis of high wines,
$1 23- clover, contract grade, $12 50.
Article"— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour bbls 22,100 9.000
Wheat bu 64,000 42,700
Corn 'bu 335,900 77,700
Oats' bu 146,600 52,900
Rye," bu 4.200 8.600
Barley, bu 1,500 11,800
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Jan. 30.—0n the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm;
creameries 19®29c; dairies, 18%®24c Eggs
steady; at mark, 20®20c. Cheese firm, H®l2c.
ELGIN. 111.. Jan. 30.—Butter steady at 270,
a decline of %c from last week. Sales In tha
district were 430.300 pounds.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Jan. 80. —CATTLE — Receipts,
21,000. Market 10®15c higher. Good to prime
steers, $5 50(30 25; poor to medium, $3 76®6 40;
stockers and feeders, $2 35®4 25; cows $126®
4 25- heifers, $205; canners, $1 25®2 50; bulls,
$898 90: calves. $2 75@3 25.
HOGS—Receipts: To-day, 65,000; to-morrow,
35 000. Market 5c lower. Mixed and butchers,
$4 60®4 70; good to choice heavy $4 05®4 80;
rough heavy, $4 55®4 60; light, $4 6504 90; bulk
of sales. $4 55@4 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000. Sheep, 10c higher;
lambs, steady to 10c higher; good to choice
wethers, $4 9005 60; fair to choice mixed. $4®
4 80; Western sheep, $4 85®5 50; native lambs,
$5 50®7 00; Western lambs, $5 50®7 60.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Jan. 30.—CATTLE—
Receipts, 7000. Strong to 10c higher. Native
steers, $3 7505 75; native cows and heifera,
$1 7504 40; stockers and feeders, $2 75@4 10:
bulls, $2 25®3 75; caltfm $3®6 60; Western fed
steers $3 5005 50; WeTftenn fed cows, $2®2 60.
• HOGS —Receipts, 7000. Market weak to 160
lower. Bulk of sales, 84 50®4 75; heavy, $4 70
®4 80; packers, $4 60®4 75; pigs and light,
$3 90®4 70.
SHEEP—Receipts, 7000. Steady. Muttons,
$4 250-5 60; lambs, $5 75@7; range wethers.
$4 75@6 25; fed ewes, $4 60®6.
Omaha.
OMAHA Nebr., Jan. 80.^CATTLE —Re-
ceipts, 2600. Strong to 10c higher. Native
steers 89 6098 66; cows and heifers, $2 75®
4 25; Western ateers. $1 60®2 50; canners, $1 50
07 50; stockers and feeders, $2 40@4; calves,
$2 4096 60: bulls and stags, $1 So®3 60.
HOGS—Receipts. 4400. Market 5c lower.
Heavy $4 6801 70; mixed. $4 45®>4 55; light,
$4 40® 4 56; pigs, $3 7504 25; bulk of sales,
$4 4004 55.
SHEEP—Receipts, 5000. Strong to 100
higher. Western yearlings, $5 75®6 30; weth
ers. $5®5 50; ewes, 84 6096 28; lambs, $6 50®
7 60 ' ■
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May. July.
Opening 7 1% 7 % 7 %
Closing 7 % 7% 7%
PARIS.
Wheat — Jan. May-Aug.
Opening 23 55 24 50
Closing 23 45 24 45
Flour—
Opening 30 85 31 70
Closing 30 05 81 65
St. Louis W 00l Market.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 30.—W00l nominal; Terri
tory and ■ Western, mediums, 21022 c; flne,
medium, 17@18c; flne. 16@17c.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Jan. 30. —Miscellaneous selections
numbering 86-10 bales were offered at the wool
auction sales to-day. The demand was good
and withdrawals were frequent. Merinos were
sold at full rates, with the exception of flne
South Australian, which were held too high.
Crossbreds soW well, medium and coarse be
ing on better request. Americans have evi
dently filled their requirements, as they are not
buying.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Jan. 30 —WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 83o; bluestem. 88c; valley, 87c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 80.—WHEAT —Half a cent
higher. Bluestem. 90% c; club. 85% c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Jan. 80.—Clearings, $720,604;
balances. $199,369.
TACOMA, • Jan. 80. —Clearings, $450,8x6;
balances. $42,899.
PORTLAND, Jan. 80. —Clearings, $681,544;
balances, $138,249.
SPOKANE, Jan. 30. —Clearings, $397,998;
balances, $76,186.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver was slightly lower.
LOCAL. -
Sterling Exchange, sixty days..s4 85%® —
Sterling Exchange, sight , 4 88 ® — .
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 88%® —
New York Exchange, sight 07%® '
New York Exchange, telegraphlo 10 ® —
Silver, per ounce 61 ® —
Mexican Dollars 47%® —
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris . „ 5.14%
New York on Mexico 202
Paris on London 25.13
Berlin on London 20.46%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT —The foreign markets ruled weak,
with lower fhturea. The world's shipments for
the week were as follows, in quarters: Rus
sian. 301.000; Argentine, 205*000; Indian, 240,
--000; Australian, 152,000.
Chicago advanced about lc. This market was
very firm with futures higher and sales of
cash grain at top quotations. Trading in
futures was active.
a CASH WHEAT.
California Club. 1 60@1 52%; California
White Australian, $1 62%®1 65; Northern
Club, $1 62% 01 55; Northern Bluestem,
$4 05®1 66%; Northern Red. $1 47% per cU.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 48% $1 50 $1 48% $1 49%
December ... 1 32% 1 32% 1 32% 1 82%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May 49% $1 60 $1 49% $1 49%
December—No sales; $1 32% bid, $1 32% asked.
BARLEY—There was good trading In fu
tures at higher quotations for May. The cash
grain, though quiet, waa firmly held and buy
ers could obtjarft no concessions.
/ CASH BARLEY.
18%©1 21%; Brewing and Shipping.
$1 3«%®1 25; Chevalier, $1 22%@1 80 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 23 $1 23 $1 22% $1 22%
December—No sales; 96% c bid, 96% c asked.
2 p. m. Session.
May—No sales; $1 22% bid, $1 28% asked.
December —No sales; 96% c bid.
OATS —Two steamers in from Oregon and
Washington brought no Oats.
The market continues very firmly held, but
prices show no change except In Eastern
White, which are higher.
White. $1450167%; Surprise, $1 55®1 60;
Red for feed. $1 47%@1 52% for No. 1 and
$1 40®1 45 for No. 2; choice, for seed, $1 60
01 65: Black. $1 35@1 45 for feed and $1 60®
1 65 for seed; Eastern White. $1 42%®1 50
per ctl.
CORN —The market ls lower. Receipts from
the West seem to be gradually accumulating,
as they are now liberal again and offerings on
'Chartge are larger than for some time.
Western sacked. $1 2501 30 for new Yel
low and White and $1 25® 1 30 for Mixed;
California large Yellc-w $1 27%®1 30;
small round do. $1 S5; White, $1 26®1 30;
Egyptian, $1 35®1 3i% for White and $1 17%
®1 20 for Brown.
RYE—sl 46®1 50 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—BI 76@1 86 per ctl.
Flour and Farinaceous Goods.
FLOUR—California Family Extras, $4 80®
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70®5;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $4@4 50
per bbl.
FARINACEOUS GOODS—Prices In packages
are as follows: Graham Flour, $3 50* per 100
lbs; Rye Flour, $3 75 (In barrels $4 75); Rye
Meal. $3 50" (in barrels $4 50); Rice Flour,
$8- Corn Meal, $2 50; extra cream do. S3 75:
Oat Meal, 84 25®4 50; Oat Groats. $4 80;
Hominy, $3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, 84 609
4 70; Cracked Wheat. $4; Farina, $4 60: Whole
Wheat Flour, S3 75: Rolled Oats, bbls. $6 509
7 50; In sacks, $6@7; Pearl Barley, $6;
Split Peas, boxes, $5 50: Green Peas, $5 50 per
IOC lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Receipts of Hay were very heavy yesterday,
being 1908 tons, including 106 cars, and sellers
had to accept lower prices in consequence.
Choice Wheat, hitherto selling at 815. went at
$14 60. There was no change in Feedstuffs.
BRAN—s2l®22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS—S2OO2B 50 per ton.
SHORTS—S2I@22 per ton. ' j
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $25®26
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill $31 50®
32 50; Jobbing, $33: Cocoanut Cake, $23024;
Cocoanut Meal. $24®25: Corn Meal, $29 50®
30 50; Cracked Corn, $30 50@31; Mixed Feed.
$21025; Horse Beans, $30®40 per-ton; Broom
Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAT—Wheat. $10®14 60; Wheat and Oat,
810014; Oat, $9012 50; Barley and Oat, $S®
10; Volunteer Wild Oat, $7@10; stable, $9010;
slock, $B®7 60; Clover. $7®to; Alfalfa, $94)12
per ton.
STRAW—3SO6Oo per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Prices for Beans show a wider range owing
to more varied stocks on the market. The
general situation, however, shows no change.
There ls a quiet demand for mixed cars for
shipment.
BEANS—Bayos $2 2503 10; Pea, $3 25®
3 50; Butter. $3: small White, $2 60@3 40;
large White. $2®2 60; Pink. $2 60®3 50; Red.
$4 75®5; Lima, $3 9004; Red Kidneys, $3 50;
Blackeyes. $2 50®2 70 per ctl;*Horse Beans,
$1 Ss®2 40.
SEEDS —Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2@2 76; Canary,
6%c; Alfalfa, 12%®13c; Rape, 1%®2%c;
Timothy, 6%c; Hemp, 8%®3%c per lb; Mil
let, 2%@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20®21 per
ton.
DRIED PEAS—Nlles. $1 78®2 60; Green
Peas. $1 75©2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Trade in Potatoes was quiet, as retailers
and Jobbers were well supplied, and, while
there were no changes In prices, the market
generally had an easy tone. Receipts were
liberal and Included several thousand sacks of
Oregon Burbanks. mostly of poor quality.
Onions and Sweet Potatoes arrived freely and
the latter were lower.
Southern vegetables arrived freely, but
changes in prices were slight, choice stock
being well cared for at steady rates, while off
lots were slow of sale. Rhubarb was In In
creased supply and sold slowly at 6®7c per
pound.
POTATOES—Burbanks from the river, 75®
9Cc per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1 25® 1 40 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks, $1 20® 1 30 per ctl:
River Reds. 55®65c per ctl; Early Rose, $126
@1 30 per ctl; Garnet Chiles, $1 40@1 50 per
ctl; Sweet Potatoes 75c@$l per ctl.
ONIONS—*2 50®:- 70 per ctl.
VEGETABLES—Green Peas, 3®sc per lb;
String Beans, 8®12%0 per lb; Wax Beans. 6®
8c; Tomatoes. $101 50 per box or crate;
Summer Squash 75c@$l per box; Hothouse
Cucumbers, $I®l 60 per dozen; Cabbage,
50c peHctl; Carrots, 30@400 per sack; Garlic,
9@loc per lb; Egg Plant, B@loo per lb;
Dried Peppt-rs. 10®12%c for sun-dried and 13®
14c per lb for evaporated; Green Peppers, s®Bo
per lb for Chile and 10®12%c for Bell;
Mushrooms. B@l6o per lb; Marrowfat and
Hubbard Squash, $10012 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Trade In Poultry was resumed under favor
able conditions, all descriptions being in good
demand, and two. carloads of Western, which
were marketed early In the day, cleaned up
quickly at good prices. Large young chickens
were* in good demand among Chinese mer
chants, who were commencing to stock up for
the approaching. New Year celebration. Only
four coops of domestic stock came In. Game
was in good request, and with the exception
of Teal Ducks, which were plentiful and low
er, all descriptions stood as previously quoted.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, nominal;
Live Turkeys. 19®21c per lb; Geese, per pair,
$2®2 50; Goslings, ; Ducks, $5@C per dozen
for old and $C@7 for young; Hens, $5®5 50 for
small and $6@7 for large; young Roosters, $0®
7; old Roosters, $4 60@5; Fryers, Js®s 50;
Broilers. $304; Pigeons, $I@l 25; Squabs, $2®
2 50.
GAME—Mallard Ducks, $4®5 per dosen;
Canvasback, $4@6; Teal, $1 75®2; Sprig,
$2 50@3 50; Gray Ducks, $3; Widgeon $2®
2 50; Red Heads. $2®3; Black Jacks, $1 75;
Spoonbills, $1 50; Gray Geese, $3 50; White
Geese. $I@l 50; Brant $2 50 for large and
$1 25 for small; Honkers. $3 60®5; Snipe, $3
for English and $1 50 for common; Hare. $2;
Rabbits, $2 50 for Cottontails and $1 50 for
Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Prices for everything remained practically
unchanged yesterday. Receipts of Butter were
heavier than for some time, as will be seen,
and there was rather more on the market, but
there was no surplus and prices kept UP. Egga
also were in larger receipt, but sold off*-well,
at steady prices. There was no change In
Cheese.
Receipts were 53,700 lbs Butter. 658 cases
Eggs and 6500 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER—Creamery at first hands. 28®290
for extras and 26®27%c for lower to medium
grades; dairy, 22@28c; cold storage, 24®26c;
store Butter, 13® 15c; Eastern cubes, nominal;
Eastern ladle-packed, 15®16c.
CHEESE—IO® 11c for fair to choice mild
new and 10c for old; Young Americas, ll®12c;
Eastern, 13® 15c per lb'.
EGGS—Ranch, 26027 c for good to choice
and 26c for common; 9* tore Eggs, 23®25c;
cold storage, nominal; Eastern, nominal at 23®
24c per dozen.
Decldnous and Citrus Fruits.
Despite* the cloudy, threatening weather a
good movement was' noted In the cheapt •
grades of Navel Oranges yesterday, peddlers
being the principal buyers, both In the open
market and In the auction rooms, where the
offerings were large. Stocks were too heavy,
however, to permit of any adva-ae in prices,
and conditions were still In favoi of the buy
ing interests. There was very l.'.tle inquiry
for fancy fruit, retailers refusing to take any
more of that grade than necessary for Imme
diate wants. In the auction rooms seven car
load? of Navels, chiefly low-grade fruit, were
sold, fancy selling at $1 1001 60; choice at $1
@1 40 and standard at 85c®$l 05. Fancy Tan
gerines In half boxes sold at 90c@$l 06 and
choice brought 86@90c. Stocks of Apples were
Increased by nine carloads of assorted stock
from the north and the market was weak for
the general run of offerings. The top quota
tion was generally regarded as an extreme
figure for the best offerings of the Ben Davis
variety. Fancy Newtown Pippins and Spltzen
bergs would have brought moro had there been
any of those varieties available.
APPLES—SI 25®1 50 per box for fancy, $1®
I 25 for cnolce and 76c®$l for common; Lady
Apples. $I®l 60 per box.
CITRUS FRUlTS—Oranges. Navels, $1 50®
176 per box for fancy and $l 25®150 for
choice and 85c@$l IB for standard; Tangerines.
90c@$l; Japanese Mandarins, 75®90c; Lemons,
$2®2 50 for fancy, $1 25®1 75 for choice and
$I@l 25 for standards; Grape Fruit, $1 50®2;
Mexican Limes, $4 50®5 per case; Bananas,
$1 50®2 60 per bunch for Central American
and 75c®$l 50 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $2®4
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
The protracted dullness In the Honey mar
ket has resulted In lower quotations for comb,
as will be seen. The large line of Nevada
comb ls still here waiting for a buyer. In
Fruits, Apricots and Apples are fractionally
better, other descriptions remaining un
changed.
FRUITS —Apricots, B®llo for Royals and
11%@12%c for Moorparks; Nectarines 6%®
B%c for White and 6%@7%0 for Red; Peaches
7%@9%c per lb; Pears, 7@l2c; Plums, pitted'
4®60 for black. 6%®7c for red and 4%©6 c
for yellow; Figs, 2-crown bricks, 45c; 3-crown,
50c; 4-crown. 60c; 6-crown, 66c; bulk white
.2%®3c; black. 2%®5%c; Evaporated Apples,
4®6%c per lb.
PRUNES —1%®1%c per lb for the fou»- sizes
and 2V)C basis for the large sises.
RAISINS—I9O4 crop f. o. b. Fresno—lmpe
rial clusters, $2 25@2 50; Dehesa, $1 30®1 35;
London Layers, 85c®$l; Loose Muscatels, 4
crown. 6©5% c; 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown, 3®
8%o; Seeded. 4%@6c; Thompson's Seedless, i
4%®4%c; Seedless Sultanas, 3@sc per lb.
I NUTS—Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12®13t;
No. 2. 10@llc; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2,
10c; Almonds, 16®17c for Nonparlels, 14@14%e
for I X L, 13%@14%c for for Ne Plus Ultra
and Ho for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6®7c for
Eastern; Pecans, 11® 13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50®5;
Chestnuts. 7®9c per lb for Italian.
HONEY—Comb. 10@12c for white and 9®loo
for amber; water white extracted, 5%®
B%c; light amber extracted, 5®6%c; dark 3®
4%c
BEESWAX—27® 29c per lb.
Provisions.
All markets remain as before quoted and
there are no especial features to report,
CURED MEATS—Bacon, 10c per Ib for
heavy, 10c for light medium, 12c for light,
12% c for extra light and 14% c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides, 9c; Bellies, Ho: Eastern su
gar-cured Hams, 12 to 14 lbs. 12c; 15 to 16
lbs, 11 %c; 17 to 20 lbs, 11c; California Hams,
II He; Mess Beef, $10®10 60 per bbl; extra
Mess, $10 50® 11; Family, $12®12 50: prime
Mess Pork, $14 50; extra clear, $22; Mess.
$16 60; Pig Pork. $26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked
Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD—Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound, 7c for Eastern compound
and B%c for pure; half-barrels, pure. B%c;
10-lb tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins, 9%c; 3-lb tins, 9%0.
COTTOLENE —One half barrel, B%c; three
half barrels, 8-% c; one tierce, B%c; two tierces,
B%c; five tierces, B%c per lb.
Hides. Tallow. Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS—CuIIs and brands sell
about %©lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 12c; medium, 11c; light, 10% c; Cow
Hides, 10% c for heavy and 10c for light;
Stags, 8c; Salted Kip, 11c: Salted Veal. 11 %c;
Salted Calf. 12% c; dry Hides, 18c; dry Kip,
16c; dw Calf. 22c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25®
40c each; short Wool. 50®75c each; medium.
9OcoS| 1#: long Wool. .$1 1501 75; Horse
Hides, salt. $3 for large and $2 60 for me
dium, $1 50®2 for small and 50c for Colts:
Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 25®
1 50 for medium, $1 for small, 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins—Dry Mexican, 30c; dry salted
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American, 80c;
Goat Skins—Prime Angoras, 75c; extra large
do, $1 25: large, 50c; medium, 85c; small, 20c.
TALLOW—No. 1 rendered. 4©4% c per lb;
No. 2 3@3%c; Grease, 2@2%c.
WOOL—Nominal; none here.
HOPS—I9O4 crop. 27@30c per lb: 1906 crop,
17%@18c.
Meat Market.
The week opened with prices as on Satur
day. Supplies of Beef and Mutton were re
ported ample, while Hogs were still in light
receipt and steady.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF—6®6%c for Steers and 4®5%c per Ib
for Cowa
VEAL—Large, 6%©Be; small, B®9%c per lb.
MUTTON—Wethers. 7@7%c; Ewea, 6%©70
per lb.
•LAMB—9©9%c per lb for Yearlings and
for Spring.
PORK—Dressed Hogs 6%®9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK- MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 40©
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle: •
CATTLE—Steers. 7%©7% c; Cows and Heif
ers, 5%©6% c; thin Cows. 4©sc per lb.
CALVES—4®4%c per Ib (gross weight).
SHEEP—Wethers. 3%©3% c; Ewes, 3©3% c i
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS—S2 50©2 75 per head.
HOGS—Live Hogs. 200 to 250 lbs, 6c; 130
to 200 lbs, 6%@5%c; 80 to 190 lbs, 4%@5c;
soft Hogs, not wanted; Sows, 20 per cent 6ft;
Boars, 50 per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS—Grain Bags. 5%®5%0 spot and 6%0
for JUhe and July; San Qujentln. 5%0; Wool
Bags, SO®32c; Fleece Twine. 7%0.
COAL—Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
, Ilngton. $8; Seattle, $0 50; Bryant, $6 50:
Beaver Hill. $5 50; Roslyn. $7: Coos Bay. $5 50:
Richmond, $8; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump
$11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton: Coke, $11 50®13 pel
ton In bulk and $16 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $8 60 per short ton.
OILS —Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 6c; Linseed. 55c per gallon for
boiled and 630 for raw; Castor Oil. In
cases. No. 1, 70c; Bakers' AA. cases,
$1 1401 16; Lucol, 60c for boiled and 48c for
I raw; China Nut. cases. 65080 c per gallon; Oo-
I coanut Oil, In barrels, 580 for Ceylon and 650
I for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
| Oil, 68c; natural winter Sperm Oil, 63c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil, 370: natural Whale
Oil, 62c; extra winter strained Lard OH, 76c;
No. 1 Lard Oil, 65c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil, 63c: light Herring OIL
42c; dark Herring Oil. 40c; Salmon OU, 34c;
boiled Fish OH. 37c; raw Fish Oil. 36c; boiled
Paint Oil. 83c; raw Paint Oil, 31c.
COAL OIL GASOLINE, ETC.—Water White
Coal OU, in bulk, 12% c; Pearl Oil, in caaea,
19c; 'Astral. 19c: Star. 19c; Extra Star. 22c;
Elaine. 26% c; Eocene. 21c; Stove Gasoline, in
| bulk. iOc; In cases. 22% c; Motor Gasoline. In
j bulk." 16c; in cases. 22% c: No. 1 Engine Dii-
I tlllate. Iron bbls or drums* 8c; No. 2 do, 6%c;
! cases, 6%c more; Benzine. In bulk. 13c; in
E cases. 19% c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 25c;
In cases. 81c.
TURPENTINE—7Bc per gallon In cases and
72c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD—Red Lead. 7%©
7%c per lb; White lead, 7%®7%c, according
to quantity.
SUGAR —The Western Sugar Refining Com- i
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.25 c;
Powdered, 6.10 c; Candy Granulated, 6.10 c; Dry >
Granulated, flne, 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6c; Fruit Granulated. 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only), 5.80 c; Confectioners' A, 6c;
Magnolia A. 5.60 c; Extra C, 5.50 c; Golden C,
5.40 c; "D," 6.80 c; barrels, 10c more; half bar
rels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets —Half barrels,
6.60 c; boxes, 6.75 c; H. A E. Crystal Domlnos,
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev
enty-five barrels or its equivalent.
WINE—The California Wine Association has !
cut the price of Immature Wines 6c and ma
tured sweet Wines 2%c per gallon, and fur
ther cutting ls expected, as the independent
Wine producers have been stirred by the
cut and, It ls reported, will do some cutting
on their own account.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. JANUARY 80.
Flour, qr sks... 9,BB4|Wlne. gals 85.851
Wheat, ctls s,oß9|Beans. sks 980
Barley, ctls 9,ll4|Potatoes, sks .... 4,931
Rye. ctls 311 Feed, sks 25
Tallow ctls 2771 Onions, ska 300
Sugar ctls 1.200 Bran, sks 403
Quicksilver, flsks 150|Middllngs. sks ... 180
Hides. No I.7o2!Shorts. sks" 100
Pelts, bdls 540|W001. bales 12
Leather, rolls .. 77 Hops, bales 44
Lime, bbls 273! Hay, tons 1,908
Brandy, gals 3001
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 8.516| 9
WASHINGTON.
WTieat. ctls 15,0301
EASTERN;
Corn, ctls 3,ooo!Corn Meal. ctls. 400
STOCK MARKET.
Trading Active, With Some Sharp
Fluctuations.
There were several very sharp fluctuations
in local securities on the Bond Exchange yea
terday. One waa In Contra Costa Water,
which advanced from $3160, as Saturday's
closing quotation, to $37. This stock will be
apt to exhibit more or lees irregularity for
some time, pending the election In Oakland
on March 11 to decide on the municipal own
ership of a water plant. Another wide fluctu
ation was in Hawaiian Commercial, which
sold down to $89, against a closing price on
Saturday of $92 75. Profit taking was given
by tho brokers as the reason for the decline
in this stock. Changes in the other sugars
were 6light. Hutchinßon decltned .from $17%
to $17 50. and Paauhau was 50c off at $27 50®
27. while Onomea was higher at $39 7f>'tf39%,
falling figures. This • group was generally
weaker in the afternoon than in the forenoon.
Gas and Electric was lower at $53 and Alaska
Packers also, at $80 bid, $83 asked, at the
close. There was a good business on this
exchange in bonds, which sold to the amount
of $89,500.
There was no particular change in the Com- j
stock mining shares, which were generally
firm and fairly active. The Tonopahs, which
were active were distinguished by a rise in
Tonopah Midway from 61c, as Saturday's
closing price, to 96c, though the stock closed
off at 90c bid. Other higher Tonopahs wero
MacNamara and Montana Tonopah, as will
be seen.
The Hale A Norcross Mining Company has
levied an assessment of 10c per share, delin
quent March 7.
The Pacific Coast Borax Company paid a
regular monthly dividend of $1 per share, or
$19,000, yesterday.
The directors of the Union Oil Company have
declared a series of monthly. dividends at the
rate of 50c per share, to remain in force until
further notice. This will amount to 6 per
cent ocr annum on the par value of the
The Oil City Petroleum Company has de T
dared a monthly dividend of %c per share,
payable on February 1. Twenty-Eight OH
will pay a monthly dividend of 15c on the
same date.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
MONDAY, Jan. 80-2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .106%106 14s qr op new.130%131%
4s qr reg.. .106%106 13s qr coup... — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W ss. — — lO G L&H ss. 108 —
Asso OU ss. 87 — IO W gtd ss. — —
Bay CPC ss. 103 — Oceanic S ss. 60 70
Cal C G 55.104% — |Om Cable 65.121% —
Cal GA B g Pac Glm 4s. — 98
m & ct ss. 87% 88%!p E Ry 5e..106%106%
Cal-st C 58.118 — IP4CH 65.103% —
C C Wat 6s. — 100 |P A O R 65.113- —
EdL A P 65.124% — iPowell-st 6s. — 114%
FACH 6a — — I Sac EG&R55.102% —
Geary-st 65.. — 80 ISF A 5JV55.120%121
H C&S 5%5-105 — Sierra R 65.. — —
Do 5s 108 — SPof A 6s
Hon R T 68.106 — (1909) 107% —
L A Elec ss. — — (1910) 108% —
LAG AEl6s — — S P of C 6s
LA Ry 55..U6%117V4 (1905)5r A. 101% —
LAL gtd 6s. — 105%1 (J9OS)Sr 8.102 —
LAP Icm ss. 101 — (1906) 105 —
Mkt-st C 6s. 115 — (1912) 115 —
Do lem ss. — 117 |SPC 1 eg 55.. — —
MV& MtTfls.lOO 110 Do stampd.loß% —
NRR of C 65.104 — S P B R 65.135 —
Do 6s 120% — |S V Wat 6e.106% —
N P C R 55.104%106%i Do 4s 2dm.100%100%
NC Ry 55.. — — I Do 4s Bdm. — 100
N C P C ss. — 102% l Do g mtg49 97% 98%
N8 R R ss. 99%100%'Stkn G&Efts. 93 —
Oak TCO 65.120 —' IU G4 E 6s. — —
Do 5s ....112 112%1DR of 8F 4a. 88 —
Do con 55.105%10fi%|
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Coeta 36% 37 I Port Costa... — —
Marin C 0.... — 69% S V Wat Co. 37% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L 4 P. 3% — IS F G 4 B. 52 68
Mutual EL. 9 11 JStkn G4E. — 5%
Pac L C 0... 57% 59 |U G4 B Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 132%1L P 4 A....162 —
Anglo-Cal ..89 — jMer Trust.. . .220 250
Bank of Cal. — 441 tMerch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. 152 — IB F National —* _
Frst Natlonl.32o 350 I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S 4 L.2330 — iSav 4 L So.. — 100
Hum S4L. — — iSec Say Bk.. — 410
Mutual Say.loo — Union T C 0.2700 8300
8 F Say U. 610 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..206 210 |Presidio — 41
Geary — 60 I
POWDER.
Giant 66 08 !Vlgorlt 8 4%
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 88% — iMakaweli C. 38% 39%
Honokaa S C 23% 24 lOnomea 8 C. 39% 39%
Hutch 8P C 17% 17% Paauhau SC 27 27%
Kiiauea S C. 5 6 |
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 80 83 | Oceanic S Co. 3% 4%
AUCTION SALES
sha LOOK !
Do you want choice HORSES? Just arrived,
three carloads of sound, gentle young horse*
from 1000 to 1700 lbe.. at International Horse
Market, Twelfth and Harrison sts. Must be
sold.
r\ SPECIAL SALE TUESDAY, Jan. 31.
11 a. m., at 1140 FOLSOM st.. of 1
DRAFT STALLION, 1 BLACK TEAM, 4 fine
BUSINESS and 20 ALL PURPOSE HORSES.
1 pair SHETLAND PONIES. 100 different
styles of harness, wagons, buggies, 3 and 4
eeatera. WM. CLOUGH, auctioneer.
jfe* £~
AUCTION SALE—WEDNESDAY, February
1 at 11 a. m., ARCADE HORSE MARKET,
327 SIXTH ST. 1 will sell 60 GOOD HORSES;
also wagons, harness, etc. JOHN J. DOYLE
Auctioneer.
Cal F C A. 88 100 IPac Aux FA. 4 —
Cai Win* A. — 82%|Pac C Borx. — 153%
KV4 MtTm. — 100 |Pac B Tel Co 106 107
BAL.ES.
Morning Session.
Board—
15 Contra Costa Water 32 50
25 Contra Costa Water T3 00
100 Contra Coeta Water 35 00
10 Contra Costa Water 35 50
50 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 02 50
50 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 92 00
100 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 91 00
100 Honokaa S Co 24 50
100 Hutchinson S P Co 17 87%
290 Makaweli 39 87%
270 Qnomea Sugar Co 39 75
25 Paauhau S P Co 27 60
30 Pacific Coast Borax 153 00
25 Pacific States Tel & Tel Co 108 00
25 S F Ons 4 Electric 53 00
109 Spring Valley Water Co 87 62%,
83.000 S F A 3 J V 5s 120 76
86,000 S P Cal Ist con 5s (stamped). 108 75
$1,000 Spring Valley 6b 105 50
$18,000 United R R of S F 4s 88 00
Street—
40 American National Bank ....-130 00 .
20 Pac States Tel A T Co. s 5 108 00
$1,000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge). .100 37%.
$600 Oakland Transit Co 6s 120 00
$11,000 Oakland Transit 5a 112 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 Contra Costa Water 36.00
25 Contra Costa Water 37 00
10 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 90 00
75 Hawaiian Coml 4 Sugar 89 00
265 Honokaa 8 Co 24 00
30 Hutchinson 8 P Co 17 75
100 Hutchlnaon S P Co 17 50
20 Hutchinson 8 P Co 17 62V_
25 Kiiauea Sugar Plantation Co.. 5 50
20 Makaweli 39 75
50 Onomea Sugar Co 39 50
50 Onomea Sugar Co 39 62%
25 Onomea Sugar Co 39 37%
20 Paauhau 8 P Co 27 00
10 S F Gas A Blectrlo ; 53 00
$1,000 Mark'-t-st Cable 6s 114 00
$1,000 Market-st Cable 6s 114 75
$1,000 Cal (ias & El G M 4 C T 5a.. 88 12%
$3,000 Cal Gas A El G M 4 C T ss. . 88 00
$10,000 Cal G A El G M A C T 6s. s 8. 88 00
$19,000 Sacramento El Gas & Ry'ss 102 50
Street—
150 Spring Valley Water Co 37 62%
$19,000 United R R of S F 4s 88 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONOB.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 100 — <SF &NP ss. — 112%
B L Wat 6s. — 114%|S P Co 4%5.100% --
Cal NW ss. — 114 jSun Tel 6s. ..110 —
M C Wat ss. — 114 I Do 5s 108% —
SF Drdk 55..112 — ISuttr st R55.1(4 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — 26 |Mlls Nat 8k.300 —
Amer Bis Co — 90 I Nev Nat Bk. — 217%
Cal Cot Mils 80 — IN SR R Co. — 12%
Cal G&BCor. 49% — IN Cal P Co. 9% 10
Cal Powder..l3o 145 |Oak Bk Sav.l2s —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 !Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I A T — 155 HOOF Hall A 6% —
Cen Bk. Oak 65 — Ktrpheum Co. — 16%
Chutes Co .. 6 6 |FacC Cas Co. 125 —
City A C Bk — 120 |Pac Sur C 0..105 —
Cyp L, Imp..' — 6 Paraf Paint.. 44 —
DptPwd pfd. 75 77%|S V Drydock — 65
Do com .. 47% — ISF4SJ Coal. 17% 20
FN Bk. 0ak.120 — IB J Wat C 0.103% —
Fischer Thtr — I%|SO A MTgbt.l2s —
Frnch-A 8k.106 — Swiss-A 8k..120 —
Hono P Co.. 39% 40 iTruck Elect.. 12 14
Do pool ..40 — I Union 8 Co.. — 30
Lon4 SF Bk 67 75 U X InC pf.l 67 68%
Mat Nay Co. 70 — I Do com ... 17 —
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
60 French- Amerioan Bank 107 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
260 Honolulu Plantation Co (pool).. 40 28
20 Honolulu Plantation Co 40 00
California Stock and Oil Exehansrc.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked,
Apollo 35
Assctd Oil Co Stock Tr Cert. . 29 30
Central Point Con 85
Chicago Crude 30
Claremont 70 80
Coalinga and Pacific 1 no 1 25
Four 55 ....
Home 43 ....
Imperial 15 50
Kern 7 25 7 60
Kern (New) 30
Kern River 8 60 10 00
Monarch of Arizona 20 21
Monte Cristo 75 85
Occidental of W Va 06 07
OU City Petroleum 65 88
Pittsburg 05 15
Ree l Crude 2 OO
Senator 80 ....
Sovereign 30 85
Sterling 2 60
Thirty-three 07%
Twenty-eight 12 00
Wabash 30
Miscellaneous—
Northern Cal Power » 50
BALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
1000 Independence « 28
1000 Wabash 30
200 Coalinga and Pacific 1 15
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Northern California Power 9 60
1000 Oil City Petroleum 67
200 Coalinga and Pacific 1 00
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE
• Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session—Comstocka.
100 Alpha 161 100 Mexican 2 16
800 Andes 311 200 Ophlr « 76
100 Belcher 241 600 Ophlr 6 87%
100 Caledonia 66! 200 Overman 27
400 Caledonia 571 2IK) Savage 86
200 Chollar 28| 300 Sierra Nev.... 42
100 Con Cal & V.l «5! 100 Union Con 62
100 Exchequer ... 501 200 Yellow Jacket. 25
200 Gould A Cur. 20|
Afternoon Session—Comstocka.
600 Alpha 171 100 Ophlr T 60
500 Andes 321 400 Savage 87
100 Belcher 24| 600 Scorpion 20
100 Challenge ... 26j 100 Sierra Nev.... 48
300 Con Cal A V.l 70! 300 Silver Hill 60
600 CroWn Point.. i9i 100 Union C0n.... 63
100 Gould A Cur. 20l 400 Utah 18
100 Mexican 2 15!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid.Ask.i Bid Ask.
Alpha 16 17|Julia 04 05
Alt*-' 04 OSlJußtlce 15 16
Andes 31 32iKentuck 01 08
Belcher ...... 24 25;Dady Wash ..02 04
Best A Belch.l 00 1 ' 6 Mexican 2 IS 2 20
Bullion 26 28|Occldental ... 87 90
Caledonia .... '55 86lOphir 6 87% 7 12%
Challenge ... 25 271 Overman 27 28
Chollar 28 29|Potosl 18 14
Confidence ... 94 98 Savage 36 37
Con Cal A V.l 70 1 85'Scorplon 20 21
Con Imperial. 01 02|8eg Belcher... 07 08
Con N V 03 04|Sierra Nev 43 44
Crown Point.. 18 19 Silver Hill ... 60 61
E. Sierra Nev 06 —Ist. Louis .... 10 —
Eureka Con.. — 601 Syndicate — 20
Exchequer ... 49 52' Union Con 64 65
Gould A Cur. 20 21' Utah 17 1»>
Hale & Norc.l J6 1 StlYellow Jacket. 24 23
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
" Morning Session.
600 Dlamondfield. 4012000 Red Lion 06
7000 Eeperanza ••• 0217000 Red Top 18
200 Gold Anchor. 66 51CO Rescue 06
2000 Gold Anchor. 54 : 500 Sandstorm ... 65
11.000 Gld Anchor. 561 250 Sandstorm ... C 2
1800 Jumbo M Co. 69)1000 Sliver Pick ... 17
2600 Jumbo M Co. 7015000 Sylvsnia 25
1000 Jumbo M Co. 7311000 Ton Belmont.. 82
1600 MacNamara.. 43 200 Ton Belmont.. 81
2000 MacNamara.. 4211000 Ton Exten ...4 T5
2000 May Queen .. 34: 200 Ton Exten ...4 70
4000 May Queen .. 361 700 Ton Gold Mt. 16
1487 Mont Ton 2 10| 200 Ton Midway.. 7S
200 Mont Ton .2 17% i. 300 Ton Midway.. 83
2100. North Star ... 3211200 Ton Midway.. 81
200 Ohio Ton .... 42' 300 Ton Midway.. 82
300 Ohio Ton 43 3no Ton Midway.. 85
500 Ohio Ton 44i 100 Ton Midway.. 65
500 Ohio Ton 4511000 Ton Midway.. 96
1000 Orig Bullfrog. 30| 100 Ton of Nev..l2 00
7100 Orig Bullfrog. 3U20C0 V>rde 07
2000 Orig Bullfrog. 33| 900 West End ... it.
Afternoon Session.
2500 Adams 1612000 Ohio Ton .... 48
1000 Adams 1812500 Orig Bullfrog. .Tt
3000 Black Butte.. 231750 Orlg Bullfrog. 32
2500 Bullfrog Mln. 75! 1000 Paymaster ... S3
100 Bullfrog Mln. 7615000 Red Lion 08
250 C EUreka.. 1 87V. 1000 Rracue OS
1000 C Eureka 1 85' SCO Sandstorm ... sr.
500 Dlamondfield. 411 son Svlvanla 26
1200 Goldfleld Dmd 12t 200 Ton Belmont.. 82
300 Goldfleld Mln. 8' I 4/« Ton Belmont.. 83
100 Goldfleld Mm. 82100 Ton Exten ...4 75
800 Goldfleld Mm. 85! 500 Ton Exten ...4 TO
1000 Jumbo Ex .. 26|1200 Ton Midway.. S3
Continued on Page Fourteen.
1516
PLAN TO FIGHT
PARTY BOSSES
Many Tax-Paying Citizens
Are Quite Ready for a
Non-Pa rt i sau Movement
METHOD OF NOMINATION
An Independent Convention
Relying on a Petition for
Place on Official Ballot
Taxpaylng citizens of every calling
and in every Assembly district of the
city are considering the advisability of
putting forward a purely non-partisan
ticket In the next municipal campaign
in San Francisco.
It is said by the taxpayers of all par.
ties that something must be* done to
promote b-t-tter government in local af
fairs. Citizens who are desperately in
earnest talk of vigilance committee or
ganization to redeem the city, but con
servative, .irogreseive men are. of the
opinion that such heroic measures will
not be necessary provided a fair deal
can be had in the casting and counting
of the vote.
The existing election laws provide a
method of creating nominating conven
tions by delegates chosen at primary
•lections. The framers of the law had
the notloi that the people of each As
sembly district would elect the best
men as delegates and that the result
would be the nomination in the con-'
vehtion of men who did not owe alle
giance to the political bosses. A lead
ing citizen who strongly favors a non
partisan movement remarks:
The primary Hectloii law Is good In a *ay,
but the bosses by control of the party works
and the machinsry of election can, with the
assistance uf the Registrar of Voters and the
"Blection Commissioners, defeat the real pur
pose of legislation which was framed to place
the power in the bands of the people. At
first glance it would seem to be easy enough
for the independent Republicans In the several
Assembly districts to put up delegates free
from boss influence and thus gain control
of the nominating convention.
A similar victory might be achieved by In
dependent anti-boss Democrats. A proposition
to merge the two conventions thus created if
frequently advanced, but it ls doubtful whether
the two parties could agree on a division of
the nominating patronage. The placing in
the field of two tickets representing "ie In
terests of good government would give the
bosses just the opportunity they desire.
It Is well understood that the Ruef-Schmltz
machine of the Union Labor party works side
by side with the Ru'ef-Herrin machine of the
Republican party, and either machine can ba
reinforced in an emergency by the Hearst-
O'Brien forces of the Democratic party. The
regular Democratic forces under the leader
ship of McNab, Lane and Phelan are badly
demoralized by defeat and dissension. It Is
doubtful whether the people would support
nominations emanating from that faction of
the Democratic party.
The simple, straightforward way ls to create
a non-partisan convention representing all
elements of citizenship and when that
convention nominates a ticket have the names !
placed or *he official hallot by petition. It
will be "aiier' to mind that the convention
at Metropolitan Hall, which gave Eugene E.
Schmitz his iti t n. mination for Mayor, was
not composed «f d'.egates chosen at the pri
mary election. r r.e delegates to the nomlnat- I
ing body were appointed by labor unions and i
industrial organizations throughout the city. :
It wmiM be feasible for the Merchants' As
sociation at large and Independent clubs In !
the several districts cf the city to send dele- 1
gates to a non-partisan convention. No doubt !
many of the labor unions would send repre- j
sentatives. In a general sense the convention |
should reflect the views of the tax-paying and j
industrial citizenship of San Francisco.
Citizens who have determined to join !
a non-partisan movement Bhould bear
In mind that participation in a primary
Slection for delegates to a party nom
inating convention will disqualify them j
from the right to petition to place a'
name on the official ballot, hence the I
suggestion is made that the taxpayers |
take no hand whatever in the primary
election for delegates to a municipal
nominating convention.
Murine cures Eyes. Makes weak Eyes
strong. Doesn't smart: soothes Eye pain.*
SHIP'S OFFICERS EXONERATED.—Marine
Inspectors O. F. Holies and Joh.i K. Bulger
yesterday exonerated the master and chief
mate cf the passenger steamer W. H. Kruger
from blame for the death of J. Applequist. a
passenger, who was lost overboard at sea on
November 24.
AD VKKTISEM EXTS.
GHIRARDELLI'S
JuUk Chocolate
Fate's Against You
In any search for better laundry work :
than we turn out. every week day In the!
year. |
The reason—our equipment, experience i
and workpeople are of a character to be
depended upon to produce the best—and I
the only result possible under auch a
rendition is work to please you.
420* y °" Care t0 tMt thlS PlKne S° uth
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
1004 MARKET STREET.
Telephone South 400.
CARMEN'S PACT
INSURES PEACE
Company and Men Agree to
Mild Form of Open Shop
as Best Course for All
UNIONISM NOT A BAR
Though Independent Men
May Be Hired There Is
No Need to Remain So
By. the signing of the agreement be
tween the managers of the United
Railroads and the acquiescence of the
two independent lines —California and !
Union streets—and the Carmen's Union .
industrial peace on the local railroads i
is assured for two years from next !
May.
1 lie terms and conditions adopted I
ai (1 accepted by and between the two !
bctHi I are similar to those now in I
force. The only issue that caused a
delay In the conference was the clause
which the managers held out for—of j
the right to engage men on the cars !
Irrespective of union affiliation. By j
these conditions a mild open shop pol
icy stands. There is to be no discrim
ination for or against a man seeking
employment whether he is a union man j
.»r not. .As a matter of course, the '
union would prefer to have none em- j
ployed but union hands. On this Issue !
there was a good deal of friendly ex- i
change of opinions between the parties !
to the agreement, but as the managers i
expressed themselves free to permit any
and all men working .for the company
to join the union if they saw fit the
further discussion was abandoned and
the agreement obtained the signatures
cf the duly authorized representative
of the company and pf the union.
The bill now before the Senate at
Sacramento which would make all
convicted vagrants throughout the .
State work on public roads and other i
public works does not meet with the
indorsement of the San Francisco labor j
organizations. The Labor Council, j
through its authorized officers, has
instructed Secretary Wisler to com- j
municate these facts to State Senator
Keane and urge him to oppose the
passage of the bill.
A similar line of opposition is made
an issue by the District Council of Car- !
penters against the passage of Senator I
Ralston's anti-boycott bill. To head off
the passage of this measure Delegate
Saunders was dispatched to Sacra
mento with instructions to defeat the
bill if possible, as being unfavorable to j
the best interest of the working class, j
who hold to the right of boycott as a j
measure of protection.
The following unions have elected j
their officers for the current term:
City Front Federation—President. John C. '
Williams; vice president. W. T. Calbert; re- j
cording secretary and business agent, John
Kean; financial secretary, E. A. Moline;
treas-urer, J. P. B. Jones; auditing committee —
H. Jend, R. Talfor and H. Tultes; credentials
committee—S. J. Cook, T. J. Denehy. H. ',
Lamcke. T. J. Lynngren and E. Steidle; or- j
ganiztng committee—John C. Williams, D. I
Fult*m. H. Jend, T. J. Denehy and John Kean.
Retail Clerks' Union No. 432—President. A.
J. Morris; first vice president. A. L. Post;
second vice president. G. Bonn; treasurer, W.
T. Hobson; financial secretary. W. McCune;
recording secretary, Charles Lee. guide, S.
Fox; guardian. S. S«-lig.
Launch Boatmen's Union—President, John
H. Hodges; vice president, Joseph Flynn; re
cording secretary, H. Potts; financial secretary,
A. Spates; treasurer. Hans Nelson; sergeant at
arms. Frank Flynn; trustees—T. Peters. Pat
rick Benson and Warren Lu.«en. The follow
ing committee on constitution and by-laws wa*
appointed: A. Spates. V. Farrell. E. Webb, !
J. McGlnniss and Thomas Reed.
Children take Plao'e Care readily; it
Is a sovereign remedy for little folks' colds. •
STEALS A DIAMOND RlNG.—Joseph Por- I
ter was arrested yesterday on a warrant charg
ing him with grand larceny. The complaining
witness. Mrs. Louisa Bernard. 513 Lyon street,
says she employed Porter about ten days ago
to clean her wtndotfs, and after he had re- I
celved his wages and taken his departure she ]
missed a diamond ring valued at 175. Tho
ring was recovered In the store of a jeweler
In the Mission, where T*orter had pawned R «
for |L
Seed Talk
Complete and reliable Informa
tion and advice on seeds, planting.
S tc ,V ln „ our new - amply and beautl
-1905 illuBtrated annual catalogue.
Mailed free on request.
ALL SEEDS FOR FARM AND
GARDEN.
Fruit Trees and Ornamental Plants *
COX SEED CO.
411. 413, 415 Sansome Stroet.
JOE POHEIM,
THE TAILOR.
Finest Perfect-Fitting Clothes at
Lowest Prices.
801 Kontaromery St.. Cor. Bush.
1110 and Ilia Market Bt„ s. F.
fIAUVAIS MUSIC CO
933 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASON.
,11 Musical Goods at Lowest Price;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1905.
JAN YOU'S "LICENSE" FEE
PROVES VAIN DEFENSE
CHINESE PHARMACIST'S
PRACTICE IS ILLEGAL
* - •
Honorable Court Gives Stay
c
BY .JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
Not until she had tried and found
wanting all the regulation schools of
medicine—allopathy, homeopathy,
osteopathy and several other pathies,
to say nothing of magnetic healing and
Christian Science—did Mrs. R. H.
Anderson of 241 Oak street convey
her ailment to Han You of 783 Mar
ket street and have it diagnosed and
prescribed for by that eminent scien
tist. Prior to submitting her case to
him, however, she inquired if he was
a legally authorized druggist, and in
response he exhibited to her a license
bearing the Tax Collector's signature,
which showed that he had paid to that
official the sum of $£5 and had re
ceived in return the document dis
played, which was equivalent, he ex
plained, to a certificate issued by the
State Board of Pharmacy. Consider
ing herself sufficiently safeguarded by
law, she instructed him to go ahead
with his treatment.
The ingredients of the compounds
which he put up and sold to her she
did not know, but supposed they were
quite as safe as the stuff prescribed by
his predecessors in her case. He was
heavily and variously stocked with
herbs, some of which looked like.dried
sagebrush roots, while others were
suggestive of secondhand tea leaves,
and he was also long on reptilian spe
cifics, such as desiccated tarantula, oil
of centipede, blood of Gila monster,
extract of lizard and crocodile tears
distilled. These rwings might not be
agreeable to think of consuming, but
they assuredly could not be less ef
fective than any of the more eupho
nious and alliterative-titled proprie
tary articles she had previously ex
perimented with, including Pale Pills
for Pink Patients, Roarer's Ready Re
lief and Mother Maginnis' Magenta
Makesure, each advertised as infallible
and all proved failures.
It was not pleasant, therefore, for
Mrs. Anderson to ascertain that the
legality of Han You's practice was
questioned and that she was expected
tf; appear befo-e Police Judge Mogan
and testify as to her dealings with
him. Disappointing as her experience
with the Caucasian doctors and drug
gists had been, none of them had been
instrumental in dragging her into
court to relate her physical Ills.
In the. face of the most honorable
court Han You flourished the docu
ment which he had displayed to Mrs.
Anderson as his pharmacist's license,
but the attorney for the State Phar
macy Board was ready with proof that
the Tax Collector had never written
the signature thereto appended. He
was rather sorry fpr Han You, was the
attorney, but the general public and
the profession of pharmacy must be
protected.
Then it was that-Han Tou begged
that most honorable court to believe
he had paid the $25 acknowledged In
the false license, ana that the re
cipient of the money was a young
man who represented himself as a
deputy Tax Collector. But, alas! It was
evident that he (Han You) had been
victimized by a swindler. Would the
most honorable court continue the
hearing of this most miserable case
until after the Chinese new year, as
the defendant, although innocent of
Intent to violate the laws of this land,
might possibly be convicted of having
violated them, and he did not desire
to have the stain of such conviction on
his: character during Ihe season of
good-will among his countrymen?
The most honorable court did most
considerately grant" Han You's request,
and the next hearing of the case is
set for February 6.
• • •
By thrusting Teutonic music upon a
Latin auditory the merchants doing
business in the vicinity of Stockton
street's Junction with Montgomery
avenue primarily provoked the dis
orderly conduct for which Emile
FJsinlo, Joseph Taboni and Peter
Caito were arrested last Saturday af
ternoon. The band was engaged for
the purpose of attracting the atten
tion of North End residents to the fact
that they could save money by shop
ping in their own neighborhood in
stead of downtown, and the experi
ment would doubtless have been suc
cessful if Its projectors had only con
sidered that the Italian quarter is in
the North End and had engaged
Italian instead of German instru
mentalists. But what else than dis
order could have been expected when
Rossini and Verdi and Puccini and
Mascagnl were ignored and Mozart
and Beethoven and Wagner were in
terpreted. If the programme had only
been mixed or even confined to Amer
ican, English or French composers by
way of compromise the potato and
onion throwing might have been
averted. But to play German selec
tions and nothing else was simply akin
to waving a red flag in the face of a
bull. When the audience clamored
for bread they .were given stories.
They asked for "11 Trovatore" cad
the response was "Die Gotterdam
merung." A request for Mascagni's
"Intermezzo" was answered with
"Mine Lieber Schwan." from "Lohen
•>
grin." Then the missiles began to fly.
An onion choked the slide trombone j
and a fusillade of potatoes rattled I
upon the bass drum, thereby injecting !
discord into the tempo. The bassoon |
was so filled with potatoes and onions';
that its operator was obliged to invert'
j his instrument to discharge cargo, j
When an onion smote the leader full |
on his forehead he silently breathed i
gratitude that the high price off eggs i
prevented their utilization by the ar- \
tillerists. Not, however, until the B j
flat corrtet was plugged with an onion j
that defied extraction did the , band |
cease striving to deliver its goods.
Of the mob of missile throwers j
only the trio hereinbefore named,were j
captured by Patrolr. ~.n F. A. Ma- j
honey, who is attached to neither the ■
German nor the Italian school of i
j music, but simply did his duty as a |
( peace preserver. His testimony con- i
' vlcted the defendants of disorderly ;
j conduct, and they will be sentenced \
I to-day by Judge Mogan.
* * *
t Two other children of sunny Italia, !
| Ricardo Marino and Peter Belasco, j
I were pronounced guilty of petty lar- |
ceny on the testimony of Mrs. Caro, !
who averred that they stole a coat
and vest from her residence on Pa- j
cific street, near Montgomery avenue.
They stood at her door and shouted
"Fire!" and when she rushed forth in |
alarm they sneaked into the deserted j
domicile and purloined the garments.
Jttdge Mogan will sentence them.
* mm *
Waller Seger, of Wavonic birth and
breeding, obstructed a portion of Third •
street by allowing his peddler wagon
to stand there, and when Patrolman
Winxler told him to move on he de- i
clined to do so, declaring that this was
a free country. Judge Cabaniss coin- !
cided with that declaration, but re
minded Mr. Seger that the freedom !
of the individual could not legally be i
allowed to hamper with Jhe freedom
of the community. Then ass fine was
imposed.
Mrs. Sarah O'Dowd suggested that
Judge Cabaniss severely punish Alonzo
Marlin, a building contractor, whom
she accused of malicious mischief by
shooting at her dog, and chickens. The
* +
O'Dowds and the Marlins are neigh
bors on the 11(10 block of Ocean avenue.
"He has shot at my dog a,nd my
chickens." Mrs. O'Dowd testified, "un
til I'm afraid to let my children go to
the door, because I'm afraid he might
shoot them, either by design or unin
tentionally. His bad marksmanship is
all that has saved my dog and my
chickens from being killed, for he tries
to shoot them."
Mr. Marlin averred that he did not
Beware of Imitations
maMimaHlMXßßm^ amßßjainm MHiaMmM bßbbbßsbbbb»
TO SMOKERS OF
"Bull Durham"
* An imitation of "BULL
DURHAM" Smoking
I 1 Tobacco is being placed
IL m U «BKii Examine your " BULL
DURHAM carefull y> an d
Ka| 1 see that the picture of the Bull
] i s on the label of every pack-
II *] age and the tag on the string.
Blackwell's Durham Tobacco Co.
PRIEST TELLS
OF NEW MANILA
Father McQuaide Delivers an
Interesting Address on
the Filipino Municipality
RATCATCHERS IN LIKE
Men Who Trap Rodents Join
Big Parade With Other
Employes of the City
Manila as it is to-day was graph
ically described by Father Joseph P.
McQuaide last night, at a campfire
given by Camp Nelson A. Miles of the
United Spanish-American War Veter
ans at Native Sons' Hall,
As the priest mentioned familiar
landmarks of the Filipino capital the
audience, for the most part veterans of
the first unpleasantness in the Islands,
audibly expressed their interest.
"The four-municipal departments of
Manila are as good as any in the
world," declared Father McQuaide. He
said in part:
Tlie Fire Department ls such that it excites
the admiration of English and German visitors.
If any of you should go toacit there you would
be surprised at how much those Filipinos have
been taught. The Police Department has iIOO
constables. They ttalk about with their heads
up, displaying a lot of -nerve. (I thought It
gall.) I saw cnc American soldier who bad
smoked too many cigars being arrested. He
looked at the little rilipino policeman and
said, "If you don't go nome I will kick you."
In a minute Aye or six little policemen grabbed
him and escorted him to the calabozo.
The Heaith Department is a well organized
body. It has Its plumbing inspectors, food in
spectors, milk Inspectors and Its rat catchers.
I saw a company of this profession marching 1
In a municipal parade with their traps In
their hands.
The School Department is admirably handled
by our old comrade, General James F. Smith. ;
The little Filipinos take to American methods
rapidly. They are great baseball "fans." I !
saw one little fellow who could pitch curves
that were certainly better man I could pitch.
There is a fine new bridge across the Pasig
leading to what I always thought would be j
New Manila, that territory between the river
and Malate. Tho botanical gardens are real 1
botanical gardens now, and a new City Hall
Is built near them. But Manila ls not the Ma
nila of our time. It costs money to live there
now. If you ever take a trip there you will
be more than glad to get home.
An interesting programme was ren
iered before the priest gave his inter
esting talk. Dr. Riqhardson and W. S.
Cole Introduced the speaker of the
evening.
Wedding announcements; latest styles; right
prices. Edward Knowles Co.. 24 Second st. •
t.% __J,
begin his rifle practice until the
O'Dowd family dog had made it ex
tremely annoying, not to say dangerous,
for his young daughter to walk abroad.
The animal had a penchant for pur
suing Miss Marlin and snapping at her
heels, and only her superior agility pre
vented the insertion of his teeth in her
limbs. As for shooting at chickens,
i Mr. Marlin had never done that, be
cause the birds had not antagonized
kirn.
"You're a liar!" promptly and loud
ly explained Mrs. O'Dowd, addressing
Mr. Marlin, and when the court recov
ered from the shock conveyed to it by
the expletive it dismissed the charge
against Mr. Marlin and severely re
proved Mrs. O'Dowd.
"For your language here this day,"
said his Honor to the latter, "has suf
ficed to convince me that you indulge
;in ungentle language out of court."
Mrs. Louisa Bottomey, a tall and
freckled matron, testified that never in
all her born days had she seen a family
so persecuted as were the Marlins by
the O'Dc-wds.
• * *
Charles Behrlnger of 425 Franklin
street was walking along Hayes street
with his mother-in-law, his sister-in
law and his brother-in-law when he
I met and assaulted his stepson-in-law.
I For this he was arrested by Patrol-
I mun-in-law Sawyer and tried by Po
i lice-Judge-in-law Mogan, who con-
I tinued the hearing till to-day.
# * •
F B. C. Weakly, who looked and acted
!up to his surname, pleaded not guilty
jof vagrancy. When the prosecuting
j attorney asked: "Weakly, are you not
\ arrested almost monthly?" Judge Mo
i gan hastily continued the case till to
j day, time for persiflage being prohiblt
! Ed by the fullness of the calendar.
• • •
Michael Keefe, the youth who se
riously stabbed Police Captain Duke
at the latter's home, 1227 Ellis street,
last Sunday morning, sullenly told
Judge Mogan that he had nothing to
say about the assault. Then the ar
raignment was continued till to
i morrow.
ISSUES LICENSE FOR NEW BANK.—The
Board of Bank Commissioners issued a licensi
yesterday for the establishment of the Stanis
laus County Bank at Oakdale. The new in
stitution Is capitalized at $30,000 and will
open Its doors tor business Immediately. Ed
ward Rodden has been elected president of
the bank and William Rodden cashier.
DAVIS' "DICTATOR"
FITS COLLIER WELL
Creatore Band- Scores Great Triumph
"The Gay Lord Quex" at the Alcazar
Played With Snap and Finish.
\ New Yora js wniie o u«e,
' least he never tries things on us. The
i dog is credited with much patience
! last season. Mr. Collier is said to have
i tried much would-be farce upon it
! until he reached "The Dictator." The
1 Dictator" reached us last night. Goth
i am decided it was good enough for Mr.
I Collier, and Mr. Collier decided it was
! good enough for us. It is. "The Die
; tator" is good enough for any one. It
arrived here by way of the Columbia
! last night, and the house full of laugh
hunters bagged big game.
, Those that saw "The Taming of
i Helen" would never guess who wrote
"The Dictator." Richard Harding Da
! vis out of his tuxedo is both a human
' and delightfully funny person. There
I is not a touch of the painful pink tea.
ness of "The Taming Cf Helen" in the
Davis of "The Dictajor," not a smack
of reminder of that amiable but won
-1 derfully artificial person. Mr. Davis
here gets down to fun, sheer, up-to-the-
I minute fun of the best, and thoroughly
! original. It is essentially Willie Col
lier's kind of fun. The playwright has
fitted Mr. Collier with a role for which
the actor shows every sign of grati
, tude; the rest of the gratitude Is ours
i for the farce.
What Mr. Collier has to do ls exactly
1 what he does so delightfully. He is
i Brooke Travers in the farce, an aver
age rich New Yorker, who, believing
i that he has murdered a cabman, flees
ito South America with his valet. We
find him first on the steamer, just be
fore Its landing in Porto Banos. One
of his fellow passengers Is Colonel
i John T. Bowie of unsavory record,
who is goipg to Porto Banos as the
American Consul. Travers buys the
' consulship and Incidentally an able
bodied revolution, an impassioned love
of other days and a few other trifles
from Bowie. The next act finds Trav
ers among them, and In the midst of
the facile tarradiddllng in which Mr.
Collier is at his funniest.
One hardly knows Just where the
actor was most engaging. His scene of
Introduction to the newest Governor,
a terrifically bewhlskered person with
small respect for consuls and things,
ls distinctly hilarious, and Mr. Collier,
hand thrust In the bosom of his cOat,
Abraham Lincoln wise, a picture not to
be forgotten. One likes him again con
fronted with the tropical former love
of Colonel Bowie, who has. however,
transferred her affections to a mis
sionary. One likes him when he is
buying up the soldiers at thirty sente
apiece, and. in fact, one likes Mr. Col
lier through ail the highly ingenious
stuff Mr. Davis gives him to do. He Is
essentially the practical, matter-of
fact New Yorker, plunged into a deli
ciously incongruous romance, and his
work ls still the deftest, neatest, smart
est of farce-comedy.
Travers is not the only well-made
figure in the piece. Indeed, its dozen
or so all stand on their own legs. Nor
could they be better acted than by Mr.
Collier's company. Travers' valet, who
has only less to do than Travers, is
capitally acted by Charles Jackson,
who gets a most entertaining mixture
of servility and cowardice into the
character. And If there are any more
Barrymoreß we want them. Mr. Col
lier brings one, "John" Barrymore on
the programme, off it, Jack. Mr. Bar
rymore honors the family traditions.
His sister Ethel modestly hinted as
much. She did not tell us Just how
much. However. John Barrymore as
the pessimistic wireless telegraph oper
ator, who ls sent down to take the
place of the operator that died of yel
low fever, Is distinctly one of the hits
of the piece.
The women are Just as good. There
are only three of them, but they do
everything necessary. Louise Allen
has the part of the Porto Banos lady
love of Bowie, and the characteriza
tion from the accent down is stunning.
Miss Allen both looks and acts the
part With entire conviction and in the
best spirit of farce comedy. As Lucy
Sheridan, the young woman mission
ary that Travers falls in love with oh
his way down to Porta Banos, Rose
Flynn is sincere and charming, and
Lida Hall fulfills all the need of her
small part.
The rest of the cast, the revolution
ists, soldiers, sailors, are all efficient;
the farce admirably staged and "The
Dictator," in short, to be enjoyed to
tears by any one in search of a laugh.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
■ m Alhambra.
Creatore and his Italian band came,
saw and conquered at th> Alhambra
last evening. Creatore brought with
him all the remembered abundance of
gesticulation, the abounding enthusi
asm that made him practically in all
parts of the stage at once, the same
wealth of hair. Massed before him on
the stage was a collection of perform
| ers that justly deserve to be styled
superb. There was no vocalist, Mmc,
| Barili being reserved for this evening]
: but there was instrumental solo work
|of high class.
Creatore started with the great
march from "Tannhaussr," which he
I conducted in a way that was entirely
| original and not beyond criticism, not
| withstanding that his varied tempo
l was not inconsistent with a great
j amount of snap and dash. When,
' however, he reached the second num
j ber on the programme, the overture
!to "Mignon," the leading theme, the
| pclacca, was given splendidly. Loud
! cheers resounded from all parts of the
; house by reason of his success in this.
|An encore was demanded and there
| were frequent encores after that; in
' fact the length of the programme was
; nearly doubled thereby.
I The first part also included Pad
erewski's somewhat hackneyed minuet
, and an organ offertory by Batist;.
I The last served well to test the all
; around excellence of the various parts
|of the band, the brass, the wood wind,
the saxophones. The test revealed
great strength in the brass. The
wood wind was also strong, especially
in a fine body of clarinets, that later
proved .their efficiency even more po
tently in a rapid and intricate passage
in unison. The Batiste number again
brought cheers.
In the second part the quartet
from "Rigoletto" gave way to the sex
tette from "Lucia," which was substi
tuted by request. Six instrumental
soloists came to the front. Here it
was that the Tommasino, Sementa,
Picclrillo, Catalano, laflsco and Glovs
shone, with the entire band for an en
semble.
Later Signor Sodero won successive
encores for his harp solos. Sodero is
very skillful. He is among the best
of harpists.
The great applause of the evening
came for the "Carmen" numbers, in
which* the soloists already mentioned
and- Signor Raho were conspicuous.
The band is absolutely under control,
perfectly responsive, made up of men
who play together with unerring cer
tainty of tempo and tonal effects and
with sonorous and satisfying volume.
It Is better on the whole than ever be
fore. To-night a rich programme will
b* afforded.
Alcazar.
The first stock production of Pin
ero's comedy, "The Gay Lord Quex,"
by the Alcazar company was an event
greeted last night by an appreciative
and highly pleased audience, most of
whose members had seen the same
play produced under Henry Miller's
management and upon a more preten
tious stage. But the unanimous ver
dict last night was, in spite of com
parisons, that as good a performance
in every respect could be en'oyed t
much less than $2 per seat when fur
nished forth by the Alcazar company.
The management intended that the
production of this play should be a
white milestone of progress along the
dramatic highway and that intention
was made fact. The performance
certainly could stand comparison in
the limelight with the best of its
predecessors.
The staging of the play was elab
orate, every detail being worked up to
the ultimate. Nothing of accessory
waj lacking and it was plain that
neither cost nor pains were regarded.
When the curtains rolled away from
the romantic scene in the second act
Lady Owbrldge's Italian garden,
there was a spontaneous burst of ap
plause from the delighted spectators.
With such an environment it was easy .
for the excellent company to do good
acting. Without a hitch or a stammer
the comedy proceeded from the open
ing until the close, the actors seeming
to be imbued with the spirit of their
surroundings. John Craig was never
happier than in his personation of the
Marquis of Quex, and the same may
be truthfully said of the work of Lil
lian Lawrence as the manicure artist.
Miss Sophia Fullgarney. John B. Ma
her avoided in the role of Sir Chiches
ter the ultra decrepitude that has been
his only blemish in his other roles,
and contributed a generous share to
the hilarity. Harry Hilllard was ap
propriately earnest in his personation
of Valma the palmist. Adele Bel
garde played the Duchess of Strood
with all the romance intended by the
author, and Elizabeth Woodson was
appropriately grave and gay by turns
in the character of Muriel. The Alca
zar has made a record breaking hit.
Grand Opera-House.
J. H. Stoddart repeated his splen
did performance of Lachlan Campbell
In "The Bonnie Brier Bush" to a large
audience last night at the Grand Op
era-house. The veteran actor was re
ceived with enthusiasm. The verdict
seems to be that his performance of
the role is the best he has ever given.
Reuben Fax scored a great triumph as
the bibulous Scottish postman,
"Posty." Mr. Fax's impersonation of
this exacting role stamps him as a
fine character actor. To-night the
Manchester Unity Lodge of Odd Fel
lows will attend the theater in a body
in honor of J. Palmer Collins, one of
their fraternity. Friday night the
Clan Fraser and other Scotch socie
ties will patronize the theater.
Many more Scotch features will
be introduced for the occasion.
Saturday night will positively be
the last time Mr. Stoddart will ap
pear on a San Francisco stage. Next
Monday night Klaw & Erlanger's
mighty beauty spectacle, "Mother
Goose," will be seen for the first time
in this city.
The Chutes.
Hyde and Heath, a couple of sweet
voiced dancing comedians, made their
first appearance at the Chutes yester
day, presenting "A Load of Hay," a
"skit full of clever work. Mr. and Mrs.
John T. Chick in their Original com
edietta, "Matrimonial Troubles,"
scored a hit at both performances.
Marie Heath, a buxom Irish come
dienne, was warmly applauded for her
rollicking ditties. The Star trio, com
posed of Jennings O'Brien, Horace
Mann and Cad Franks, in th?ir hilar
ious absurdity, "Our Uncle"; Mabel
Lamson, the popular singer of illus
trated songs, and the American bio
graph, showing several sensations in
the moving picture line, completed a
capital programme. The women's
wood sawing contest, which has
proven so amusing on recent amateur
nights, will be repeated on Thursday
■saw mist;