VOLUME XCVII—NO. 51.
CANNON FIRED AT THE CZAR
Charge of grape goes crashing into imperial chapel where the entire Romanoff
family, surrounded by a brilliant assemblage ot courtiers and foreign diplomats,
is participating in the solemn ceremony of the blessing of the waters of the Neva.
Policeman Is Killed and
Several Wounded.
ACCIDENT OR PLOT?
Big Gun Firing Salute Speeds
Forth a Deadly Missile.
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 20, 4:10 a. m.—ln spite of the official state
ment that the cannon shot yesterday, which might easily have destroyed
the whole of the Romanoff family, was the result of carelessness In leaving
a shotted cartridge in the breech of the gun after target practice, the mys
terious case is still under the combined investigation of the military and
the police, and the public seems as little inclined as the authorities to ac
cept the published version. The officers and men of the battery have not
been arrested, but are confined to barracks and by the military regulation*
are so closely under restraint that it is Impossible for the culprit or cul
prits to escape until the responsibility is determined. It cannot be said
definitely whether the affair was an accident or the result of design. The
general belief that a widespread plot did not exist, but evidences of de
sign are so apparent that the statement attributing the presence of a
loaded shell to previous target practice evoked smiles in many quarters.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 17.—The |
ceremony of the blessing of the waters |
this year was accompanied by an event j
•more mysterious, unprecedented and i
extraordinary than any afforded by the !
annals of Russian history. For a Rus-
Si an sovereign to fall by the hands of j
an assassin is no new thing in Russian ,
records, but tha\ the Emperor should
narrowly escape death by a shot from i
his own artillery while he was engaged
:in a solemn religious rite, surrounded j
by. priests of his church, is so difficult ■
to realize as to be almost incredible.
Yet this is what occurred to-day and j
x-bc Ttwssratf public Is left wondering
and mystified.
By the merest chance the imperial
family escaped unharmed, but public
opinion is stunned might have
been the tragic results of the affair.
The festival of the Epiphany, the
blessing of the waters, had just con
cluded at 1 o'clock this afternoon when
.simultaneously with the salute fired
from the Sts. Peter and Paul fortress a
rain of grape shot crashed upon the lit
tle chapel built over the frozen Neva
in front of the Winter Palace, where
Emperor Nicholas and every member
ef the Romanoff family were partici
pating in the service. Some of the mis-
Eiles went high, entering windows of
the splendid row of salons along the ,
water front, from which the Empress,
the ladies of the court and the members
of the diplomatic corps, including Em
. bassador McCormick, Secretary Eddy
and Second Secretary Bliss and all the
high dignitaries of the state, army and
navy, were witnessing the glittering
6pectacle below.
CZAR'S NARROW ESCAPE.
The Emperor had a miraculous es
cape. Some of the bullets actually
struck the little open chapel in which
he was standing, cut the staff of one of
the standards and fairly riddled the
basement windows of the palace, killing
a policeman outright and wounding an
officer and three marines.
The shot was fired from a gun on the
Bourse battery. Had the gun been
. aimed a little lower the charge of
grape might have destroyed the whole
Romanoff dynasty.
• One of the bullets which entered the
Nicholas Hall, where the diplomats
were gathered, struck down a golden
plate from the wall.
The first impression of those who
.heard the crash in the little chapel was
' that it was due to falling crystals from
the glass chandeliers and caused by
concussion from the booming of the
guns. When the truth was realized the
windows were hastily vacated and the
greatest excitement prevailed within
the palace.
Lieutenant General Fullon, Chief of
Police of St. Petersburg, himself picked
up a missile in the white salon. It was
the size of a bird's egg.
In the meantime, there was no evi
dence outside of what had occurred.
The crowds of people who formed black
lines along the quays, the palace
bridge, the steps of the Bourse and
every other point of vantage in the
whke arctic landscape did not betray
•the slightest excitement. Neither did
the imperial party In the chapel below.
Although the actual ceremony was end
ed, the Emperor remained and accom
panied the metropolitan and clergy as |
they circled the pavilion around the
"chapel to bless the gorgeous standards
•of the famous Guards regiments as
sembled there. Then the procession
moved back to the palace and the orig
inal programme was carried out.
The Emperor displayed splendid
nerve. He did not show a trace of ex
citement. He received the diplomats in
his usual cordial, gentle manner, re
viewed the Guards regiments on the
. square behind the palace and subse
quently had luncheon served in the
state dining-room.
OFFICIAL VERSION OF AFFAIR.
It was stated in official circles to
night that the grape was fired from one
of the guns of the Seventeenth Battery
of the First Horse Artillery of the
Guard, the most aristocratic corp* in
the Russian army. It was asserted that
at gun practice on Tuesday a loaded
THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at San Francisco for
thirty hours ending midnight, Jan
uary 20:
San Francisco and vicinity—Cloudy
Friday; light north wind.
A. O. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
shell was inadvertently left in the gun.
The official account of to-day's affair is
as follows:
"During the ceremony of the blessing
of the waters of the Neva to-day in the
presence of the Emperor, as the usual
salute was being fired, an accident oc
curred. A charge of grape instead of
a saluting charge was fired from a gun
belonging to one of the batteries sta
tioned near the Bourse. Some bullets
struck the facade of the winter palace,
or the quay gardens, breaking four
windows. A policeman belonging to
the Bt. Petersburg force was wounded.
According to the information to hand
at present, no other accident occurred. '
Inquiry continues."
Whatever may be the solution of to- j
day's affair, it is a strange ftct that
the shot came from the Bourse Es
planade, where was stationed the First
Horse Artillery of the Guard, the pre
mier artillery organization of the em
pire and one of the most noted regi
ments in the whole Russian service.
The roster of this organization of
aristocratic traditions has included
grand dukes, princes and some of the
most illustrious names in Russia.
Lieutenant General Grippenburg was ;
formerly an officer of the regiment and
Grand Duke Serglus Mlchaelovitch, the
chief artillery inspector of the Russian
army, whose duty it is .to conduct the
investigation, was himself formerly
colonel of the regiment
THEORY OF MILITARY MEN.
Military experts say indications point
to a charge consisting of grape having
been inserted surreptitiously in a salut
ing cartridge. If this was the case, prob
ably only one man was Involved. Cer
tainly if there was an extensive, deep
laid plot, or if an officer was involved.
It was badly executed. It was pointed
out that it Is hardly probable that an
expert artilleryman should have pre
pared a weak, scattering charge which
could hardly carry across the Neva. At
the same time an Indication of design
is the fact that the gun was aimed
directly at the imperial pavilion. Had
the gun contained a service charge or
a regular shell the pavilion must in
fallibly have been destroyed. It is
clear, however, that the saluting was
done most recklessly, as the flashes of
the blank shots from Sts. Peter and
Paul fortress showed that the guns
were directed straight at the Winter
Palace.
WILL END
STEAMSHIP
MONOPOLY
Notice Served Upon
the Pacific Mail
Company.
Special Diipatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19.—Incident to
the determination of the Roosevelt ad
ministration to curb the monopoly and
trust system of restraint of trade and
competition, the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company has been informed that the
contracts now held by it for carrying
trade between the Isthmus of Panama
and Pacific coast ports will be annulled
at the end of six months.
The purpose of the administration in
this action is to end the monopoly
which has existed, by the terms of
which the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany has enjoyed the privilege of
handling all the traffic of the Panama
Canal Railroad Company.
THE San Francisco CALL
Complete Collapse ol
Plot to Cut Up
China.
All Europe in Pact That
Meant Dismemberment
ol Empire.
Scheme Abandoned After Expose by
the Alert American Secre
tary of State.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.—Secretary
Hay's note to the powers, calling upon
them for explicit statements of their
attitudes toward China's integrity and
the preservation of the open door, has
"smoked out" all of Europe and pre
vented the carrying out of a conspiracy
' for the disintegration of the Chinese
Empire. The fact that Great Britain,
j Germany and Italy had responded most
i favorably to Hay's Inquiry and pledged
! themselves anew to the principles laid
, down by Hay in his first note last
> February quickly brought the other
powers into line. France and all of the
other nations to which the inquiry was
sent replied to-day. giving new and.
HAY FOILS
CONSPIRACY
OF NATIONS
even more binding promises of their
purpose to prevent a spread of the war,
to protect China from further encroach
ments and to maintain the open door.
With these assurances Hay considers
the case complete. Within the last few
days he has discovered more of the de
tails of the plot which he suspected
when he sent out his hurried inquiry.
He has satisfied himself that, in send
ing out the note charging China with
violations of neutrality. Russia was
beginning to work out a conspiracy, to
which France, at least, was a party.
SCHEME OF THE POWERS.
It was planned that, when the powers
met to consider the terms of "peace,
France (and perhaps other nations)
would insist that Russia be given Man
churia if she won and Mongolia if she
were defeated. Then, to "maintain the
balance of power," France was to move
the border of Indo-China far north
ward, and, to keep peace in the family
of nations, England and Germany were
to extend the limits of their "spheres of
influence" in the Yangtse Valley and
on the Shantung Peninsula The other
powers were to be given smaller slices
until there would have been nothing
left of China but her history. Unless
the reinforced pledges that have been
given to Hay be broken, the scheme
cannot be carried out.
The plan is believed to have been al
ready abandoned, for Russia has given
up the Idea of an invasion of China
This information was conveyed to Hay
to-day by Count Cassini, the Russian
Embassador, when he handed to Hay
Russia's answer to the American reply
to Russian charges that China had vio
lated neutrality.
RUSSIA'S REPLY TO HAY.
The Russian reply was confined to a
reiteration of the charges against
China, but contained no hint of the ac
tion which was threatened In the first
note. This was done, Hay believes,
pimply to keep the record clear from
the Russian point of view.
Count Cassini expressed regret that
Hay had believed the statements of
China and Japan rather than those of
Russia. He said that the United States
was the only power which had replied
to the Russian note. It was inferred
from this that the European nations
were waiting to see what Hay's course
would be.
INSANE WOMAN SLAYS
TWO INMATES OF ASYLUM
Towel Roller Proves a Fatal Weapon
in the Hands of Female
Lunatic.
CONCORD, N. V., Jan. 19.—Mrs.
Mignonette Seavey of Barrington, a
patient at the State Insane Asylum
here, to-day killed two fellow patients
and probably fatally injured another.
A nurse was also hurt, but not seri
ously. Mrs. Seavey'a weapon was a
towel roller.
It was the intention, it is believed,
of Mrs. S#avey to escape from the asy
lum. It iM thought that when the
three patient* in the ward with the
woman endeavored to quiet her she
attacked them. All three were struck
on the head with the roller, apparent
ly as they had arisen suddenly from
their beds. j
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY. JANUARY 20, 1905.
STRONGEST OF ALL LOBBIES
ARRAYED AGAINST PRESIDENT
TWO WOMEN
TESTIFY FOR
REED SMOOT
Fair Gentiles Aid
the Mormon
Senator.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.—Two prom
inent gentile women of Utah, one a
member of the Legislature that elected
Reed Smoot a Senator, were witnesses
to-day in the Smoot Inquiry before the
Senate Committee on Privileges and
Elections. Both gave Senator Smoot
an excellent reputation and testified
that they would not vote for a polyg
amist.
Mrs. Mary G. Coulton of Ogden, the
wife of a physician, testified in regard
to political affairs. She was a member
of the Legislature that elected Smoot
She said she went unpledged, but was
glad to abide by the result of her
party's caucus. Before voting for
Smoot, she said, she ascertained that
he was not a polygamist. Speaking of
the Mormons in political affairs, she
said they "sized up" very well with the
gentiles. Polygamous relations were
never flaunted by the Mormons, said
Mrs. Coulton, and the young Mormons
particularly were opposed to the con
tinuation of polygamous relations. As
a member of the Legislature, she said,
she was asked by as many gentiles as
Mormons to vote for Smoot.
On cross-examination Chairman Bur
rows asked if it would have made any
difference in her vote for Senator if she
had known that a majority of Smoot'a
fellow apostles were polygamists. She
replied that possibly she might have
voted for Smoot because many gen
tiles welcomed the opportunity of
showing that their antagonism was not
direq>ed against the church, but mere
ly against the principle of the church
known as polygamy.
Mrs. W. H. Jones of Salt Lake City,
who said she went to Utah at 16 years
of age as a bride and who has been
prominently connected with the Liberal
and Republican parties in Utah, testi
fied that neither she nor Senator Bmoot
had Joined the Silver Republican party
and said that both of them had "too
much sense."
On cross-examination the witness
said she did not believe a polygamist
could be elected to office by either gen
tiles or Mormons.
"How about Mr. Roberts?" asked
Chairman Burrows.
"That was so long ago I do not know.
I was not working for Mr. Roberts and
I am glad you did not permit him to
r take his seat," she replied.
ONE OF THE LEADING SPIRITS OF THE POWERFUL RAILROAD LOBBY IN
WASHINGTON AND TWO STATESMEN WHO HAVE DRAFTED BILLS FOR
THE REGULATION OF RATES.
PRESIDENT
BANDY WITH
HIS FISTS
Mike Donovan Tells
of Bouts With
Executive.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19.—"Mike" Dono
van, dean of boxers, has Just returned
from Washington, where he boxed with
the President for an hour every after
noon for four days. It was the first of a
series of bouts which are to continue
next week and the week following.
Donovan talked of his experience re
luctantly.
"It was the first time I had boxed
with Mr. Roosevelt since he was Gov*
ernor," he said to-night. "If anybody
tells you he's an easy mark, don't be
lieve it. He knows how to use his
head, too. I never saw a man pick up
faster than he In these four days.
" 'Don't mind hitting me,' he said
right at the start, T want you to hit
me as often as you can, and don't mind
how hard, either.' We started off in
good fashion, and every time we hit
each other he laughed good naturedly.
It was not any tapping, I tell you. They
were good hard blows, the sort that you
wouldn't run into knowingly. We had
seven-ounce gloves. The President took
his part of it always with a laugh.
"I never saw a pleasanter man, or
one who gets more enjoyment out of
the thing. He had as much fun as a
boy, and he laughed and joked all the
time. He's a fighter, and knows how
to give and jtake blows. He doesn't try
to knock a man out, but he does like to
know he has hit him. He kept me
busy, and I was not running Into any
of his blows, either. Don't get the idea
that I was there to teach him, not by
any means. He is a veteran boxer and
can hold his own with the best of them
in the clubs. I know few men who box
regularly in athletic clubs who can
worst him.
"I have arranged to go down several
more times to box with him and to give
lessons to Theodore Jr."
VISITING
CARDS FOR
PET DOGS
New York Women
Take Kindly to
London Fad.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19.—The idea of
having visiting cards for dogs has late
ly come Into considerable vogue In New
York. Many fashionable young women
who are possessors of dogs have not
only furnished their pets with a full
wardrobe down to handkerchiefs worn
in the tiny pocket of a blanket which
is made to resemble a miniature box
overcoat as nearly as possible, but are
insisting that the social side of "Dog
dom" should be looked after. The cards
generally are much smaller than a
man's visltng card and it is the cus
tom to bestow the family name on the
canine.
The latter* cards are not generally
understood to be intended for the
young lady on whom its mistress Is
calling, but for the dog or dogs of the
family. The fad is imported and comes
originally from London.
SEARCH FOR SUSPECT
LIMOS PROVES FRUITLESS
Marin County Officers Find No Trace
of the Alleged Train Robber in
Ross Valley.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 19.—Sheriff
Taylor,' accompanied by Detective
White, returned this evening after a
fruitless search in the mountains for
John A. Limos, suspected of being im
plicated in the Santa Fe Railroad
holdup near Daggett on December 5,
1904, in which Express Messenger
Evan Roberts was killed. On Tues
day the Wells-Fargo detective depart
ment received word that Limos was
seen near Ross Valley. Detective
White was at once dispatched to the
scene and after conversing with a
number of people who saw the sus
pect he became convinced that the
stranger was Limos. White, Sheriff
Taylor and Constable Agnew have
made a thorough search of the upper
county, but no clew as to Limos'
whereabouts was found.
THE) THEATERS.
ALCAZAR —"The Girl and the Judge."
CALIFORNIA —"The Kerry Gow."
COLUMBIA—"A Country Mouse"
CENTRAL — "A Working Girl's
Wronrs."
CHUTES—Vaudeville.
FlSCHEß'S—Vaudeville.
GRAND—"The Silver Slipper."
LYRIC HALL—Burton Holem* Lec
ture.
ORPHEL'M—Vaudeville.
TTVOLI—"Manon."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Railroad Forces
Overrun the
Capitol.
Battle Will Be
I Fought to a
Finish.
*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.—Railroad leg
• isiation pauses for a time in the House,
where the way has been made clear for
the bill. Colonel Hepburn, chairman of
the Interstate Commerce Commission,
announced to-day that his measure was
not ready and would not be introduced
before Saturday. The real reason that
it is not satisfactory to the administra
tion is that it does not go far enough to
correct what the President believes to
be the real evils of the situation.
Among other things, it is said, the
phraseology Is altogether too ambigu
ous.
Meantime, the railroads are gaining
ground and time. Their representa
tives —and many of them important
men—are at work both in Senate and
House. In fact, they'are overrunning
| the Capitol. At no time in recent
j years has railroad influence in Wash
ington been so strong in numbers and
importance. At no time has it been so
conspicuous or so open in Its fight. It
is new the President and the House on
one side and the railroads and the Sen
ate on the other. It Is a battle royal
and will be waged for a year or more.
it may be that the bill against pri
vate car lines already pending in the
House Interstate Commerce Committee
and introduced in the Senate by Sena
tor Elkins yesterday will pass both
branches, if it does, railroad people
and Senators, wijj.assert that, after all.
♦hlsCongress has done something in
the way of legislation desired by the
President and there is no necessity for
an extra session.
There is a united movement among
the great railroad men of- the country
to combat the President in his Inten
tion to provide increased powers for
the Interstate Commerce Committee.
Within the last week all of the great
railroad interests in America have been
represented in Washington by import
ant men. James J. Hill, President Cas
satt of the Pennsylvania, J. W. Blythe
and Samuel Spencer, president of the
Southern Railway, are among those on
the ground. President Tuttle of the
Boston and Maine Railroad has applied
to be heard by the Senate Committee
and the time has been set.
DR. HOFFMAN
NOT A PRINCE
Medico Heralded as Noble
Traveling Incognito Only
a Protege of Carnegie
Special Dispatch to The CalL
DES MOINES, lowa, Jan. 19.—Dr.
Charles Henry Hoffman, whose person
ality has been veiled in mystery for
four years, inadvertently dropped the
key to his identity to-day. He has
been featured in every prominent
newspaper in the United States as the
missing Prince Rudolph of Austria,
then as an estranged and disinherited
scion of a German nobleman's family
and finally as an eminent specialist
traveling under an assumed name for
the purpose of studying America and
American institutions.
To-day papers were picked up which
disclosed the fact that Dr. Hoffman
was brought to America after complet
ing a course of medicine in Munich by
Andrew Carnegie. He was taken direct
to Butte, Mont., where he was mads
chief chemist of the Carnegie Steel
Works.
GERMAN CROWN PRINCE
MEETS WITH ACCIDENT
Frederick William Is Thrown From
Dogcart, bnt Escapes Without
Injury.
POTSDAM, Prussia, Jan.
Crown Prince Frederick William was
thrown from a dogcart on Charlotten
strasse to-day, but was not hurt. The
accident was due to the fact that the
horse fell. As soon as the animal
was reharnessed the Crown Prince
mounted the cart and drove off.
LOSS OF GAME OF CHESS
COSTS A MAN HIS LIFE
Player Falls Dead After Announcing
Himself Checkmated by Oppo
nent in Exciting Contest.
OSCEOLA. lowa, Jan. 19.—"I'm
checkmated; you win the game," said
Levi Taylor, business man and invent
or, smiling at his friend across the
chessboard/* Then he fell prostrate on
the floor. Apoplexy, due to the ex
citement of the game, was the cause
of his sudden demise,2
FRENCH WRITER
IS A BUSY MAN
Camille Flammarion Is En
gaged on Four Books.
Two Deal With Stars
NEW STORY BY VERNE
Latest Effort of Versatile
Author a Tale of Adven
ture in Wonderful Machine
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. Jan. 19.—Camllle Flam- I
marlon is now engaged on four differ- i
# ent books, each one of which is keeping j
him so busy that he hesitated to say |
which he will bring out first. Having
just finished a work on "The Caprices
of Lightning," and having brought out
• only a few months before that a book
on the elements of astronomy, Flam
marlon is now collecting data for two
entirely new volumes, and recasting
two others. For the general public, the
most interesting of the new volumes
Avill be that on "The Unknown," fol
lowing up the treatise published three
years ago in which Flammarion es
sayed to establish as a scientific fact
that there are such things as appari
tions and premonitory dreams, but in
which he hesitated to enter into theory,
not considering that he had in hand
sufficient material to demonstrate more
than what he considered the simple
truth. Flammarion has been at work
ever since gathering new evidence, re
ceiving daily scores of letters from all
parts of the world, and in his second
volume he will approach the discussion
of the general laws which may govern
psychological phenomena upon earth.
Flammarion's other new work, in
tended only for astronomers, will be
another volume on the planet Mars.
His first volume is the only complete
work ever published on this, the most
interesting of all the planets, and the
second volume, continuing these stud
ies, will give the results of the observa
tions which he has been making year
by year at his private observatory at
Juvisy, near Paris. One of the curious
phenomena which he has witnessed
and of which he will speak is the ap
■ pearance of snow on the Martian poles
in the late spring.
When not occupied with these two
important works, Flammarion busies
himself with revising "The Plurality of
Inhabited Worlds," the book published
when he was barely over twenty and
which established his fame, and his
"Popular Astronomy." Both these '
books have remained classics and, re
markable to say, not a word contained
in them has been disproved by the dis
coveries of recent years. Nevertheless,
there is much which has come to light
since their publication, and Fiam
marion is bringing them thoroughly
up-to-date. The "Popular Astronomy"
is about completed, and the new cdi- ;
tion is expected to appear shortly.
"THE DICTIONARY."
It is over a year since "Katherine
Frensham" made its appearance and
during nearly all that time Beatrice
Harraden has been working on a play
—her first—which is quaintly named
"The Dictionary." It was finished
about three months ago, when its au
thoress decided to take a leaf out of
Justin Huntly McCarthy's book and
make a novel of it as well. Accordingly I
Bhe set to work and hopes now to have
the romance ready for publication in
the spring. The play will be seen
later.
It will be rather interesting to com
pare a new novel which Frank Frank
fort Moore is now writing with one
produced last year at home by Miss
Hallie Erminie Rives. For, like "The
Castaway," Moore's forthcoming ro
mance has Lord Byron for its chief
character. It will be called "Love
Alone Is Lord," and Frankfort Moore
expects to be putting the finishing
touches to it at the end of another
two months.
. Reports from Paris indicate that
Jules Verne is still the favorite story
teller of French boys and that his lat
est romance, published in the city of
light just before Christmas, is having
huge sale. Despite the heavy de
mands he has made upon it in the fifty
years or more in which he has been
turning out novels, evidently M. ;
ADVERTISEMENTS. j
$Ugh-(6raae Clothiers
No Branch Stores and No Agents.
CLOTHES OF CLASS
HAVING SEMBLANCE
OF DISTINCTION,
DISQUALIFYING
MOST GOOD TAILORS,
ONLY HAVE EXIT HERE.
I
EVER BEEN TOLD ABOUT IT?
Sale Clothes I
must be wrong.
No sales here,
let f T T ? J ? ?
$ie amu Street
Z hurtotu Stock
HORDE OF MEN
NOW ON STRIKE
Nearly a Quarter of a Mil
lion German Miners Obey
Summons to Quit Work
WIN PUBLIC SYMPATHY
Owners' Association Sharply
Censured for Its Refusal
to Confer With Leaders
BERLIN, Jan. 20, 4 a, m.—The Vor
waerts this morning estimates the
• number of strikers B the coal mining
| district at 240,000. The news from
| the scene of the strike shows no
change in the situatio/i. Several cases
of minor disturbances are reported,
such as crowds hitting strike-break
ers and police dispersing crowds,
wounding several with their side arms.
Sentiment appears to be drifting in
favor of the strikers, the refusal of
the Mine Owners' Association to nego
tiate with the men being regarded as
an affront to the Government. The
Tageblatt adopt a decidedly sharp
tone in censuring the association.
Cardinal Fischer of Cologne has
sent the strikers $250 to assist the
needy. The Vorwaerts Publishing
Company has contributed $6125.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 19. —
Father Gopon, the picturesque figure
who has constituted himself the leader
of the Russian strike movement and
possesses the men's complete sym
pathy, threatens to march on Sunday
nt the head of 100,000 strikers to the
Winter Palace with a petition for po
litical rights, and that he will refuse
to depart until the document is pre
sented to the Emperor.
Strike May Not Be Called.
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 19. —
Though both sides are firm and not
disposed to yield anything, develop
ments to-day in the controversy be
tween the • Pennsylvania Railroad
Company and the Brotherhood of
Trainmen Indicated that an amicable
settlement of the dispute will be ef
fected shortly without a resort to ex
treme measures.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
President Issues Commissions to Sev
eral New Postmasters in State
of California.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.—Postmas
ters were appointed to-day as follows:
California—Alfred R. Booth, Paso
Robles; Crestus E. Perrott, Falk;
Frank P. Burris, Trinity County, and
Charles C. Taylor, Kernville.
Warner L. Vestal of San Bernardino
was admitted to practice before the
Interior Department
* *>
Verne'sr4maginatipn is in good working
order, for this new romance of his is,
if anything even more fantastic than
his other books. Heretofore Verne has
given us adventures in the clouds, in
the bowels of the earth and beneath the
waves, but in "The Extraordi
nary Voyage," as his new book
is called, he has invented a vehicle
which is an electrical ship, an auto
mobile, a flying machine and a sub
marine all in one. On land, on sea.or
in air it is equally at home and goes
at the rate of about 150 miles an hour.
There is a treat in store for American
boys as soon as "The Extaordinary
Voyage" is published at home, as prob
ably it will be before long.
NOVEL* DEPARTURE.
A rather novel new feature was
added to the London Mail on the first
day of the year under the heading of
"The Comment of the Classics," ex
cerpts from the great works of the past
being ingeniously quoted to bear on
current events. For instance, apropos
of its recent criticisms of the Drury
Lane pantomime the newspaper quotes
the lines of Juvenal ending "his child's
unsullied purity demands the deepest
reverence at a parent's hands," and
some rather telling lines from Church
chill'B "Rosciad," while the fall of Port
Arthur brings appropriate selections
from "Samson Agonistes" and Caesar's
"Civil War."
Andrew Lang, who was at some
pains a while ago to explain why he
did not like George Ade, is now at
eiual pains to explain why he does not
like dogs. In an iconoclastic essay,
which he contributes to the Christmas
number of the Illustrated Kennel
News, the co-author of "The World's
Desires" denies the dog practically
every virtue with which man's friend
is ordinari'.'' credited. Jle says: "There
is not of the sevfh deadly sins of
which the dog iB not habitually guilty,
and I am unaware of a single redeem
ing feature In his repulsive character."
Lang denies that the dog is brave.
He denies that the dog is faithful, de
claring that the fidelity is really all
on the side of the man, and Lang says:
"It needs a great deal of fidelity in
man to cling as he does to the dog,
licking, as it were, the paw'(the mud
dy paw) which tramples him."
Lang adds that the dog is vain. "The
self-consciousness and vanity of dogs,"
he says, "might disgust even a minor
poet. I have known a collie—certain
ly a very handsome collie—to pass his
days in contemplating his own image
in the glass. I know a dog dandy
which actually makes eyes, being con
scious that he possesses organs very
large, brown and decorative."
Lang goes on remorselessly: "Who
has not seen a dog morally corrupt a
family—reducing them to the slaves
of his impulses? Tip wants to take a
walk; Tip wants to go out of the door;
then he wants to come in again; then
he appears at the window and
scratches; then he fancies the most
comfortable arm chair and ousts a
jaded and middle-aged man of letters."
Lang dismisses all the noble dogs of
history as myths. And to show that
he is disposed to be perfectly Just, he
says: "Any circumstances of an ex
tenuating character which affect the
dog would be here mentioned If I could
think of them."
It seems that this tirade against
dogs, though now published for the
first time, was written by Lang five
yean ago or more. The author says
that it made Robert Louis Stevenson
giggle when he was very ill, so he
(Lang) thinks It can't be so very bad.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY*, JANUARY 20, 1905.
THRIFT SHOWN
BY JAPANESE
Salesmen Follow in the
Wake of the Mikado's
Armies in Manchuria
WARES FOE NATIVES
War-Swept Province Flood
ed With the Product of the
Manufactories of Nippon
HUANSHAN, Jan. 19.—A consider
able Increase has been noticeable the
last few days in the range of the Jap
anese artillery. This fact affords
ground for the belief that part of the
heavy guns used in the siege of Port
Arthur have been sent north. Chinese
confirm this and even designate points
of probable concentration of Japanese
siege guns. It is not believed, however,
that any nine or eleven-inch guns have
arrived and been placed in position.
The Japanese are utilising the Sin
mlntin Railway not only for the for
warding of military supplies, but also
to flood the province of Mukden, by the
aid of Chinese, with goods of Japanese
and American origin, which find ready
sale, owing to the lack of others.
NORTH SJEA INQUIRY BEGUN.
British Charges and Russian Reply
Heard by Commission.
PARIS, Jan. 19.—The international
commission to-day began the investi
gation of the North Sea affair. In the
British statement read to the commis
sion the principal charges were as fol
lows:
On the night in question there were not any
warships whatever in the neighborhood of the
fishing fleet except those of the Russian navy.
No warships had been seen by the fishing
boats since a long time previous. *
-None, of the boats making up the fishing
fleet carried any kind of material of war.
No Japanese warship of any kind whatever
was at that moment In the North Sea.
There were not many Japanese upon the
fishing boats.
The Russian fire continued after their
searchlights clearly showed the vessels were
peaceful fishing boats.
None of the Russian ships gave or even of
fered assistance.
The fire killed two men, wounded six, sank
one boat and damaged five others.
Following are the principal points
of the Russian reply:
At about midnight the flagship Kniaz Sou
varoff saw the outlines of two small boats,
which approached with all lights extinguished,
directly toward the battleship.
When the two suspicious boats came within
range of the Ruesian searchlights they were
recognized as torpedo boats. Thereupon the
battleship opened fire.
Thereafter a number of small Ashing boats
not showing the required lights were ob
served. Precautionary measures were adopted
nevertheless. There was a strong feeling of
danger upon the battleships and the imper
vious duty of protecting themselves against
the attack of torpedo boats obliged a continu
ance of the fire, despite the evident risks of
hitting not only the fishing boats, but also the
ships of the squadron Itself which had ar
rived within the zone of the fire.
In the meantime the two torpedo boats drew
off and shortly afterward disappeared. Fearing
that some of the fishing boats were damaged,
yet being certain that all danger from the two
torpedo boats or possibly others was not com
pletely removed, Admiral Rojestvenskv con
sidered it indispensable for the tntfi'e squad
ron to continue Its route without stopping.
Admiral Rojeetvensky, while taking Into
account the damage caused to inoffensive fish
ermen, subjects of a neutral power, neverthe
less was compelled to use all the means in his
power to destroy the torpedo boats which at
tacked his squadron.
ALLEGED TRAITOR ON TRIAL.
Accused of Having Sold War Secrets
to Russian Generals.
YOKOHAMA, Jan. 19.— H. B. Col
lins, a man of Portuguese blood but
who has long been a resident of Ja
pan, was publicly tried to-day on the
charge of disclosing military secrets.
The evidence showed that Collins vis
ited Port Arthur and Tientsin last
year and received 1000 yen from Gen
erals Ogorodinkoff and Desino, to
gether with a private cipher that he
might transmit information.
Last October Collins wrote from
Yokohama detailing the proposed dis
patch of Japanese troops, giving their
number, their destination and their
purpose to General Desino, but the
letter was stopped at Nagasaki.
The maximum penalty for the of
fense is six years' imprisdnment. The
passing of sentence was deferred un
til the 24th inst.
PERSONAL.
H. W. Swift of Fresno is at the
Palace.
Anthony Loftus of San Diego is at
the Occidental.
R. H. Herron. a Los Angeles oil man,
is at the St Francis.
George A. Helme, a New York capi
talist, is at the St. Francis.
C. M. Oddie, who is interested in the
water and lighting companies of Tono
pah and Goldfields, arrived at the Pal
ace yesterday.
Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Brown, wealthy
residents of Honolulu, who have been
visiting the East, are at the Occidental
awaiting the departure of the next
steamer for the islands.
Among the passengers on the steam
ship Manchuria, due here to-morrow
from the Orient, is Sir Francis Packen
ham, K. C. M. G., the seventh son of
the Earl of Longford, who Is on his way
around the world.
William Sproule, freight traffic man
ager of the Southern Pacific Company,
has departed for Washington in con
nection with the investigation of the
freight rate cases by the Interstate
Commerce Commission. ,
B. A. Worthlngton, assistant director
of maintenance and operations of the
Harriman lines, arrived yesterday from
Chicago on a tour of inspection of the
branches of the Southen Pacific Com
pany under his supervision.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.—At the
New Willard —Mrs. B. H. McCalla
and Miss L. H. McCalla of Mare Isl
and. At the Arlington—Dr. Laura B.
Hurd and Mrs. C. C. Hopkins of San
Francisco.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19. —The follow
ing Californians are in New York:
From San Francisco—W. H. Avery,
at the Holland; J. W. Ellsworth, at the
Astor House; M. E. Middleton, at the
Imperial; H. Alexander, at the Cum
berland, and L. A. Goldstein, at the
Algonquin.
From Los Angeles—J. Burkhard. at
the Herald Square, and J. J. M. Rob
erts and wife, at the Astor.
TAXATION LAWS
NEED REVISION
Professor Plehn Discusses
Methods of Collection at
the Assessors' Convention
SOURCES OF REVENUE
Says Burden of Our Unequal
System Falls Too Heavily
Upon Owners of Property
1
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 19. —The pro
posed revision of the taxation laws of
the State was the subject of an ad
dress delivered to-night in the As
sembly chamber of the Capitol before
the delegates to the County Assessors'
convention and the members of the
Senate and Assembly committees on
Revenue and Taxation by Professor
Carl C. Plehn. head of the depart
ment of economics of the University
of California. Governor Pardee was
present at the meeting, as were nearly
all the State officials having offices at
the Capitol.
Professor Plehn first contrasted the
commercial and industrial conditions
of the United States when the consti
tution was adoped with the modern
complexities involved in property
holdings and the resulting problems
which are presented in the collection
of taxes. Continuing he said:
It is enough to study the tax roll to show
that personal property escapes taxation to a
very great extent. The kinds of property
which notably escapes are bank deposits and
merchandise. The present system 6f taxation
excuses to a great extent the crime of per
jury.
The first remedy for this state of affairs is
to lay the blame on the County Assessors. An
other remedial scheme income tax. But
our experiments in taxing Incomes have sig
nally tailed. But there ought to be some way
to get at a man's income without putting him
to the trouble of a sworn statement. Instead
of treating all, property alike In our tax sys
tem, admit differences and go after each In
terest.
The Governor in his message has suggested
the separation of sources of revenue for the
cities and State. Let cities tax their own
real estate and let the State keep its hands oC.
California now derives <>!t,uuo.otiv oi iaxt-»
in revenue, of which $6,000,000 Is a direct tax.
We could raise $750,000 by direct Inheritance
taxes instead of 1250,000, as we* do now by
our collateral inheritance tax.
Taxation of corporations is another natural
source of revenues in States where State and
county taxes are separated. California should
derive $3,000,000 from corporation tax?*. Anoth
er source which might be well considered Is
State liquor licenses. There are about ."iO.OOO
saloons in this State and a revenue of $50 for
■each quarter for each saloon would yield the
State a large income. Stamp taxes might be
another source. Billiard-rooms and bowling
alleys and fees for the registration of com
pulsory annual reports of corporations are some
other sources that might bf taxed. These
make a total of $8,000,000 in revenue which is
largely unaffected by our present taxation
system. At present the owners of real estat-s
pay 85 per cent of the taxes of this State.
The burden of our unequal system fulls too
heavily upon this species of property.
It is said that Professor Plehn
voiced the Governor's sentiments and
that his remarks constitute a compre
hensive outline of the tax legislation
the chief executive will advocate.
_I «
STATE INSTITUTIONS.
legislature Will Look* Into the Cost
of Their Maintenance.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 19.—The man
agement of the State institutions will
engage more than passing attention of
the Legislature. Facts and figures re
lating to maintenance, the cost of pur
chasing or generating electricity, the
amplitude of water supply and the cul
tivation of land will be carefully i
studied.
The directors of the Veterans' j
Home, Napa County, have indicated a
desire that as many members of the
Legislature as possible shall visit that
institution. Object lessons may there
be found as to what can be done by
a public institution in the way of pro
viding its own electric light and power,
in heating buildings by steam and de
veloping an independent supply of
water. In the powerhouse of this in
stitution oil is used for fuel. The j
modern hospital, library, billiard
rooms, cottages, stables, avenues and ;
grounds are amply provided with elec- i
trie light at one-half the money it |
would cost to buy the same degree of
light from a public company. All the
ice used is manufactured on the prem
ises. The dam and reservoirs consti- I
tute an independent water supply. A
herd of cows supply the 800 members
with milk. The cost per capita for the
maintenance of the Veterans' Home Is
40 cents a day. The United States in
spectors place the institution in the
foremost place among State homes, its
only rival being the New York home.
The daily cost per capita in other in- I
stitutions of this State is given as fol
lows: Folsom prison, 44 cents; San j
Quentin prison, 31 cents; Whittler Re
form School, 79 cents; Preston School
of Industry; 90 cents; Home for Adult j
Blind, 64 cents; Deaf, Dumb and Blind
Asylum, 75 cents; Stockton State Hos- i
pital, 36 cents; Napa State Hospital, j
39 cents; Agnew State Hospital, 30
cents; Mendocino State HospitaL 47
cents; Southern California State Hos
pital, 60 cents; Home for Feeble
minded, 49 cents.
In the tables of 1903 giving the an
nual per capita expense of State homes
for soldiers and sailors, Illinois, with
$121, is the lowest and North Dakota,
$419, is the highest. California rates
at $159; New York, $136: Massa
chusetts, $215; Pennsylvania, $188;
lowa, $211; Indiana, $245; Rhode |
Island, $236; New Hampshire, $276;
Minnesota, $204; Missouri, $177; Ohio, :
$164; Wisconsin, $141; Vermont, $228;
Colorado. $245; New Jersey, $319; ,
Oregon, $200.
Favor Recession of Yosemite.
MOUNT BULLION, Jan. 18.—At a 1
mass-meeting held here Monday night
resolutions were passed favoring the
recession of Yosemite Valley to the
Federal Government. A copy of the
resolutions Vas forwarded to Senator
Curtin and Assemblyman C. V. Jones,
who represent this county in the
Legislature, asking them to assist id
securing the passage of the recession
bill.
Sudden Death of an Artist.
LONDON, Jan. 1$; —George Henry
Boughton, the artist, member .of the
Royal Academy, was found dead in
his studio to-day. He had been under
treatment for several months for heart
disease.
Colds Cause Sore Throat.
Laxative Bromo Quinine, world-wide Cold and
Grip remedy, removes cause. Call for full name
iM look for signature of E. W. Grove. 26c. •
LIFE DIPLOMAS
FOR TEACHERS
Important Meeting of State
Board of Education Held
in Capitol at Sacramento
—_c
CYE READERS ADOPTED
♦
Wisconsin Normal Schools
May Be Taken From List
of Accredited Institutions
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 19.—President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, of the State
University, presided at a meeting of
the State Board of Education held at
the Capitol to-day. The committee on
accrediting of normal schools recom
mended that the State normal schools
of Wisconsin be stricken from the list
of accredited institutions as they are
issuing elementary diplomas which
tend to confuse county boards. A
spirited discussion ensued and the re
port was referred back to the commit
tee.
The report of the State Textbook
Committee was read by Secretary
Strine, and showed that a difference of
one cent and two mills in price in fav
or of the Cyr readers over the "Step
ping Stones to Literature," had in
fluenced the selection of the Cyr read
ers, the works having equal merits. All
voted for adoption of the report except
Director F. L. Burk.
The board granted teachers' diplomas
as follows:
High Bchool life diplomas—Samuel P. May
bach. Santa Crus; Anna Louise Wright Ma
dera.
Grammar school life diploma*—Mabel Ab
bott, Yolo; George Lemuel Ayers, Sonoma;
Anna Marguerite Behrns El Dorado; Mrs. M.
V. Boaxdman. Alameda; Alice M. Cole Santa
Barbara; Minnie S. Cosad, Sonoma: Yslbel
Irene Daly. Santa Clara; Emma E. Esswine,
Del Norte; Bvaline Finane, Sierra; MatUe E.
Fine. Sonoma; Mrs. Carrie Carr Ford Alame
da; Mrs. Clara B. Gilman. Kern: May M ore
Gregory, Sonoma; Ella Austin Hall, Placer;
George Hausam. Tulare; Nellie L Ho:iaren,
Marin; Ernest Ellsworth Hough, Marin; Doro
thy Hufschmidt. Alameda: Hettie Irwin. Lake;
Frank A. Kent. San Joaquin; Gertrude Noe,
Yolo; Charles J. Lathrop, Glenn; Lyda K.
Law. Merced; A. Katherine Maddocks Sono
ma; Clara Mac McCormick. Sierra; Ruth M.
Mclntire, Alameda; Mary T. Mooney, El Do
rado; Mrs. Mary Pearce Butte; Et*a Colwell
Pye, Lake: Ocella Riley, San Joaquin; Blanche
Ryan, Sacramento; W. H. Schrader. Nevada;
Margaret Cheehy. Merced; Franc I. Starr,
Monterey; Lucetta Thorne, Butte; Bertie
Tucker Butte; Katherine C. Tucker Butte;
Helen I. Walker. Marin; Daisy E. Weisel,
Sacramento; Alice E. Wood, San Mateo: Min
nie Stalter Wood, San Mateo; Hattle M.
Wright. Tulare.
Normal documents —Mabel Abbott, San Jose;
Ethelind May Bonney, San Jose; Rose H.
Ehrllck, San Joee; Marie E. Hall, i.os An
geles; Gertrude Noe. San Joee; Martha Alien
Rowley, Chico; Ida Anna Ryan. Chlco; Lulu
E. Wunderlioh. San Jose.
+ +
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A BEAUTIFUL
PARIS PANEL
PHOTOGRAPH
of Yourself, Taken by the
ELITE PHOTOGRAPH
GALLERY,
888 Murket Street.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particnhtrs.
* —4
BRITISH COLLIER A PRIZE.
TOKIO, Jan. 19. —The Japanese
captured the British steamship Oak
ley in Tsushima Straits on Wednes
day afternoon. The vessel left Car
diff on November 17, carrying 5900
tons of coal for Vladivostok. She was
brought to Sasebo.
TOKIO, Jan. 20, 11 a. m.—The Brit
ish steamship Rosely, which was cap
tured by the Japanese cruiser Tekiwa
in the Sea of <dapan on January 11,
when bound for Vladivostok with a
cargo of coal, has been condemned by
the prize court at Sasebo.
ApVEKJISiiJtLENTB.
■■SfJBSSBaaaOBSaBSJ"*^^
A Word t0 Youn S
Men About Clothes
1 Suits for $7.50
: You have out & rown boyish fashions
\^^mt^^^S : m clothes, but are not quite ready for
men's garments. We have made for
''• you certain clothes embodying every
Q uirk and curl of men's fashions, vet
I J i the cut of the suit is youthful. The
>( JjM suits are broad chested with narrow
*r //// ji^wHHmH[f ; lapels ' close fittin £ neck and concave
shoulders. The garments are quite
similar to our men's clothes, except
Vf\jpl\ * at c P atterns are brighter with a
/V/ ff I '* ttle more co ' or ere anc *
Young men's suits, ages 14 to 19
/ years, made of Scotch tweeds and
ancy cneviots in ane assortm ent of
v / I fall colorings; garments can be had
J in single or double breasted styles;
We made tne g a ™ents ourselves,
c«py"*k 1904 otherwise the price would be $10.00.
Boys' Hats 90c I XIAA/ft-fltl iTI I Boys' Sweaters $1
We carry the largest stock V*?/V xW vFU Lf Q}| I f So l * coior *. wUh collar and
of boys' hats west of Chicago. | FF. .TT V# euffc striped with green or
Any shape or color can be had foM; reduced from $1.25 to
Ifor1 for °* »' 95 I 740 Market Street I $100
ROW DISTURBS
MINERS' MEETING
Delegate Casts Aspersions
on Honesty and Integrity
of President John Mitchell
WARM WORDS FOLLOW
Leader Defends Andrew Car
negie and Gives His Opin
ion of Grover Cleveland
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Jan. 19.—The
management of the Colorado strike
wus bitterly argued to-day on the floor
of the National Convention of the Unit
ed Mine Workers. Delegate Robert
Randall of Wyoming took the floor and
spoke for an hour. He charged that
President Mitchell had sold out the
miners' organization in the recent Col
orado strike and attacked the financial
integrity of the president. His speech
was filled with personal abuse of Pres
ident Mitchell and was directed at him,
as Randall took the platform and faced
Mitchell while he made the charges.
The delegates tried to silence Randall
several times, but Mitchell rapped for
order and Insisted that Randall be
heard.
When the mine workers met to-day
the Socialistic question came up, but
the convention again refused to allow
the organisation to be committed to
Socialism. President Mitchell then
took the floor and defended the leaders
of the Civic Federation, when a dele
gate named Randall, from Wyoming,
shouted that the leaders were Grover
Cleveland, whom every laboring man
detests: Frank Robbins of Pittsburg,
who has made millions by beating
down his miners, and Andrew Car
negie, whose hands are red with the
blood of the Homestead strikers.
President Mitchell showed his anger
and said:
"I have heard of this man Randall
before. He is a delegate who, in the
local union at Diets, Utah, got up and
said that John Mitchell had sold out
to the operators in the Colorado strike.
I had intended to call him to account
In this convention for that statement,
and I Intend to make him prove his as
sertions."
Continuing, Mitchell said: "t do not
stand here to defend Andrew Car
negie or Grover Cleveland. But who
in America ever made a speech so fa
vorable to organized labor as Andrew
Carnegie, who, In that banquet, said
that if his men went out on strike he
would shut down his plant and wait
for them to come back, and would not
employ a 'scab.' As for Grover Cleve
land, I do not like him. He is not a
leading light, as charged. In the fed
eration. He never even looked in on
that meeting."
WIFE OF ATTORNEY BRAND
FILES SUIT FOR DIVORCE
Commences Action in Portland and
for Cause of .Legal Separation
Alleges Mental Cruelty.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 19.—0n the
ground* of mental cruelty Mrs. Kath
erine Sitton Brand has brought suit
here for a divorce from Arthur Brand,
a San Francisco attorney. Mrs. Brand
Is the daughter of Mrs. L. W. Sitton,
a well known society woman of Porc
lmd and a member of the School
Board. Before her marriage Mrs.
Btand was a leader in the younger
set in* this city. After being united to
Mr. Brand In June, 1903, she went
with him to San Francisco, but six
months later returned to her mother's
home, where she has been living *»ver
since.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. The new
armored cruiser Colorado wag placed In com
mission at the Leagrue Island Navy Yard to
day. The cruiser Is commanded by Captain
Duncan Kennedy.
WARM DEBATE
ON ARMY BILL
Representative Humphrey
Denounces Entire Trans
port Service as "Rotten*
COSTING TOO DEARLY
"It Is a National Disgrace"
the Washington Congress
man Declares in House
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.—The House
of Representatives to-day completed
consideration of the army appropria
tion bill, and will vote on the measure
to-morrow. During the debate Resi
dent Commissioner Degetau of Porto
Rico made his first speech in the
House. He praised the United States
for Its attitude toward his island home.
He said he saw no need for the main
tenance of the provisional regiment of
troops in the island.
A vigorous attack was made by
Humphrey of Washington on the
transport service. M|ls first move was
to eliminate from the bill, on a point
of order, which was sustained, the pro
vision that "no steamship in the trans
port service shall be disposed of with
out the consent of Congress."
Humphrey offered an amendment
striking out the provision for expenses
of sailing Government transports. He
said the transport service was costing
$1,500,000 a year more to maintain than
would be the case if the service were
performed by private companies.
When Root was Secretary of War he
had recommended its abolishment, as
had General Davis when he was Gover
nor of the Philippines, and Humphrey
said Secretary Taft was of the same
mind. The transport service so far had
cost the country between $35,000,000 and
$40,000,000.
"Everything is rotten in this trans
port service," hotly declared Hum
phrey, "from the hulls of the old for
elgn-bullt vessels to the wonderful sys
tem of bookkeeping adopted by the
quartermaster's department. It is a
national disgrace and I hope this
House will stop It."
Hull defended the service. He said
if for no other reason the service
ought to be maintained for the com
fort of the soldiers, especially the sick,
who were brought home from the Phil
ippines. He denied that the service was
more expensive than private service
would have been.
The amendment of Humphrey was
defeated on a viva voce vote.
NAVAL OFFICERS' PAY.
House Committee Fstvors Bill Doing
Away With Prize Money.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19. — The
House Committee on Naval Affairs has
authorised a favorable report on the
bill giving naval officers the same pay
as army officers of relative rank. It
does away with short pay and prize
money.
JOHN SHARP WILLIAMS'
TOAST TO ROOSEVELT
Says the President Has Been Over
rated as an Author, but Under
rated as a Politician.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19. — John
Sharp Williams of Mississippi. Demo
cratic leader of the House of Repre
sentatives, offered this toast at a din
ner to-night:
"Here's to Teddy Roosevelt —a man
who as an author has been grossly
overrated by the American people, but
who as a politician has been grossly
underrated by the Democratic party."
The toast made a great hit with the
dinner company.HOPES TO BREAK BANK AT MONTE CARLO
WITH THE HELP OF A "LUCK MACHINE"
"/English Gambler
i Tries a Novel
g: Experiment.
/First Test snows
vGamester Has
Criance.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
'. jMONACO, Jan. 19.—Whether success
i; *v* attends the attempt now being: made
■ iiy an Englishman named Wall to
•.'.'..." break the bank of Monte Carlo with
■ V: -the aid of a novel "luck machine," in-j
i-. >l ente( j, him . there is no doubt that
y;. his Invention is tne most successful
• •':•¥.■'.• thing of the kind ever tried at Monaco.
•; f /.t T P to now Wall has backed his ma
. . : \,*:£ hlj,e a a"ainst the roulette tables at the
I;- ; ••'Casino at twenty-three sittings. Dur
: "-mg. thirteen of these he has won and
•:£:»■©» -ten occasions lost, and his play,
;. . >:h'ich so far has been rather of an cx
l' ■' '•'perimental nature, has resulted in win
nlngs to the extent of $625. His opera-
ISona. are watched daily by crowds of
••. : "' 'people, and telegrams congratulating
'•' n ! m: on has success are corning to him
.from-all parts of the Continent.
.''•-' m Wall, who is well known in London
• • as a sportsman, claims that with his
". A; niachine he can win 10 per cent a day
"".'>■ I ' or life > at roulette, or break the bank
. in .a'-day. His machine is an innocent
'. -.}■ looking little silver box about six
.inches long and three broad. It is flat,
• 's;nd.' on its face are sixteen openings
. ribouf the size of a ten-cent piece. Un
'-derieach opening is to be seen a num
i ,'ber, and the numbers are variously
/■'; '• .colored. red and black. By touching a
. spring the sixteen numbers change in
" ! "an instant and as they change the
■player makes his bet.
" This "luck machine" is the result of
•/•;.-" fifteen years' experimenting on the part
">: i)f : its inventor. Wall says that ever
..':.': .-'sjgee he was a boy he has been inter
. v ested, in the mathematical laws of
■ .Chfcnce, and that his chief ambition in
••thrs connection was to discover some
'iueans of neutralizing, if not beating,
the turn in favor of the bank at rou
;'. iet'te.- Not until twelve months ago,
however, did he hit on the idea which
. •is embodied in the machine with which
;' he is now experimenting.
f MACHINE VERSUS MACHINE.
' "I have studied every known system,"
he says, "and have found their weak
• points. I have invented a machine to
tight a machine. It does away with
• the laws of chance, and by its use I
can. stand a week of steady bad luck
: • without exceeding a loss of a moderate
y' capital."
~ . ' Wall chose Christmas eve for start -
• ting his fight against the roulette ta
; lrles-at Monte Carlo. About the middle
. of. the evening he entered the Casino,
and, .sitting down at one of the tables,
, • produced a quantity of silver coins and
the "luck machine," whose perform
. a noes are now the chief topic of con
versation here. He followed the play
_ 'at the tables for a short time, closely
."'Watching the disks of his machine, and
•• then played and won. Then he changed
';■.'•. •the .disks by touching a spring on the
. ! box; played, and won a second time,
•.'.whereupon a crowd gathered around
■l" his chair. The croupiers fidgeted and
jriared whirl Wall went on consulting
I • °his box before each bet and winning on
• •' .the game. As he went on, the crowd
I. J..'grew larger and several officials of the
Casino also gathered to see the play.
[../!H4ving completed a hundred bets the
sportsman picked, up his machine and
• • his-winnings, which amounted to $200,
and left the room.
STREAK OF BAD LUCK.
" '.'Wall's worst luck with his machine
»' '• came to him on the day after Christ
nras.. when for two hours he played
• with all the chances dead against him.
.. ~-Sero turned up three times and Wall,
. w ho began by staking $1 at a time, was
'■' ultimately obliged to stake $125 at each
'"... " bet. Clicking his machine imperturba
.' * bly, however, he went on with what
.■Poemed an almost impossible battle,
.. f/'Ughl his way back almost to the
•. •; 'starting point and at the close was
■•' only $50 to the bad.
: . • Old players here declare that they
. 'h/tve. never seen anything like Wall's
.. play and are of the opinion that the ex
.'. perjence just described would have
. .Droken him if he had played any known
system. The officials at Monte Carlo
\ • .requested the Englishman to exhibit
•: '. 'the .machine to them and he complied
/ . with' their request. It is believed that
•i they.are not entirely at ease regarding
' w hat Wall may accomplish when he
• begins really serious work, but thus far
'• .they have made no attempt to prevent
: : him. from .using his invention.
Wall says that his "luck machine"
'.' represents the play of sixty-four per
■ • sons fighting simultaneously against
;he bank on a preconcerted plan, each
•' move of each of the players being de
cided beforehand. He says that it was
impossible mentally to control this
• - . number of players and that he first ex
•' perimented with eight, but even this
'.•' proved unsatisfactory, as eight sets of
'. - calculations could not be made between
•canh turn of the wheel. So he deter
mined to invent a machine which
would make the calculations mechani
cally. He says that if sixty-three of his!
players lose and one of them wins heJ
'comes out even. If sixty-two lose and I
-two win, he wins sixty-fouA units on {
. the balance. The game carr be played !
• with anything from a $1 to a $20 unit,
and unlike all other systems, its inven
•• tor says, it never runs into really big
. -figures even under the worst of bad j
luck. Wall's exact method of play he
:' . keeps a secret, but his plan is to gam
• . ble on all the simple chances at rou
• lette. He ignores "zero," which he says
does not affect the ultimate Issue.
San Francisco Firm Gets the Contract.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 19.—Bids were
S opened by this city to-day involving
the expenditure of $155,961 in city
Improvements. Bonds for the purpose
were voted last year. The contract
' for a castlron water main extension
• Vas let to the Stanley Construction
Company of San Francisco, for $48,
--799.
ENGLISH GAMBLER WHO BELIEVES THAT HE CAX BREAK THE BANK AT
MONTE CARLO AND THE "LUCK MACHINE" HE CLAIMS WILL EN
ABLE HIM TO ACCOMPLISH THE FEAT.
OBTAIN LANDS
BY USE OF COIN
Denver Paper Describes the
Manner in Which the Uin
tah Acres Were Cornered
DENVER, Jan. 19.—Following up its
expose of the alleged Uintah land grab,
the.Post to-night reviews the history of
the affair. John Gilson, after whom
gilsonite is named, located the beds on
the reservation in 1885. Through C. W.
Baxter of St. Louis he interested
Adolphus Busch and his associates in
the brewing company. They formed
the Gilson Asphaltum Company, and in
18S6 it purchased from the Govfrnment
a tract south of Fort Duchesne for
$16,000, which has been almost worked
out.
In 1887 Congress empowered the In
dians to grant leases subject to the ap
proval of the Secretary of the Interior.
Then the American Asphalt Company
was formed by New York men and it
secured leases to 322,000 acres of land
inside the reservation. The two com
panies began a fight which resulted in
the absorption of the leases the latter
held ultimately by the Raven Mining
Company, formed by the Busch syndi
cate. Later the same men formed the
Florence Mining Company. It secured
a lease on 640 acres of land in the Uin
tah Mountains. Then, according to the
Post, the Busch syndicate began an in
vasion of the Uncompahgre reserva
tion, to the east of the Uintah tract, to
secure control of the elaterite fields.
It is alleged that there was much
lobbying at Washington and that after
it secured the claims of many people on
the Uncompahgre tract Senator Kearns
secured the passage of a bill validating
these rights, which were questioned at
the time. It Is alleged that other legis
lation has been secured through a pow
erful lobby and the expenditure of
large sums, clinching the hold of the
syndicate on the gilsonite and elaterite
deposits. The prominent men whose
names have been connected with the
case are alleged to be identified with
either the Raven or the Florence com
panies, which are controlled by the
same interests. In conclusion, the Post
says:
"Three weeks ago the Gllson Asphalt
jum Company of St. Louis was dis
j solved, but all its holdings had previ
j ously been transferred to the American
Asphalt Company of New Jersey, a
j Barber concern. In other words, Busch
and Barber have Joined hands and are
preparing to continue the fight for
Utah's minerals with unabated vigor."
FREE FREE '
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A BE4UTTFUL
PARIS PANEL
PHOTOGRAPH
of Yourself, Taken by the
ELITE PHOTOGRAPH
GALLERY,
BSB Market Street.
Free With Every Small Ad In
Sunday Call.
Se« Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 20, 1905.
ROONEY WILL
NOT GENUINE
Judge Coffey Declines to
. Admit Alleged Testament
of Old Woman to Probate
♦
"It is the court's opinion, after a
very careful and laborious examina
tion, that the paper is not genuine,
and it is denied probate."
These words, in effect a judgment
that some one has been guilty of at
tempting to perpetrate a forgery upon
the court, concludes an eight-page
opinion, written by Judge Coffey, in
deciding the contest against the alleged
Wills of Mary Rooney.
Mary Rooney was a working woman
who accumulated about $3000 in her life
time of toil. She suffered a stroke of
paralysis and died in January of last
year. In February her sister, Bridget
Spafford, applied for letters of admin
istration upon the estate, and in March
Mary Ryan, with whom Mrs. Rooney
had lived, presented what purported to
be two wills. Mrs. Spafford contested
their admission to probate, and a trial
followed, in which it was charged that
the instruments were not genuine. Both
papers were dated October 8, 1903,
after the stroke of paralysis. One of
them related to burial and expressed a
desire that the sister should have noth
ing to do with the affairs of the de
ceased. The other purported to dispose
of the property—a lot to a nephew,
some bequests for masses, $50 to Father
Grant, $400 to Mrs. Ryan and $100 each
to Mrs. Catherine Conroy and Mrs.
Elizabeth Bradley, who signed as wit
nesses to the will. It was contended
that both papers were written and
signed at the same time.
In the trial it was proved that Mrs.
Rooney had not met Father Grant un
til a month after the will was made, al
though he was well known to Mr.
Ryan. The court, In comparing the
two documents and those with exem
plars of admittedly genuine handwrit
ing of the deceased, found that both
could not have been written and signed
by the same hand. There were many
resemblances between letters and
Words In the exemplars and the alleged
wills, but the court declared it would
have been unwise to 'attempt to palm
off a fabricated instrument unless there
was a more or less close imitation of
the genuine handwriting. It was in
stanced that on the back of some of
Mrs. Rooney's acknowledged writings
there were evidences of the effort of
some penman to imitate certain letters.
Among the discrepancies in the wills
themselves were different ways of
making the letter "M"; Roonev was
spelled "Rooney" and "roney"; the
words "one" and "wan" appeared, and
there were interlineations in a different
hand.
POLICE RAID POOLROOM.—A poolroom at
131 O'Farrell street was raided by Policemen
Curtis and Peshon yesterday. The proprietor,
Ed Thompson, and sixteen visitors were ar
rested and driven to the City Prison In the
patrol wagon. Thompson was released on $50
cash ball and each of the others on $10.
CIVIL SERVICE.—The Civil Service Com
mission filed 1U annual report with the Board
of Supervisor* yesterday. The report tells of
the injunctions Issued to prevent the holding
of examinations ,for street aweepers and police
patrol drivers and asks that a sufficient sum be
set aatde for the payment of expert examiners
and the printing of the commission's report.
MYSTERY
SOLVED BY
DETECTIVE
Miss Gertrude Wells, Who
Disappeared From the St.
Francis. Is Traced to an
Apartment at California
REMAINS SECLUDED
FOB SEVERAL DAYS
Sick and Despondent She Is
Comforted by Her Friends,
Who Arrange for Her De
parture for South To-Day
Miss Gertrude Wells, whose strange
j disappearance several days ago from
i her apartments at the St. Francis
j Hotel caused deep concern among her
J friends, has been found. Yesterday
| the unfortunate young woman, sick in
j body and mind, was discovered at the
j California Hotel, where she had been
| living for several days, remaining the
! most of the time in her room and
j brooding over troubles, the nature of
j which she refuses to reveal to the
! public.
| The story of Miss Wells' strange ab
; sente from the St. Francis Hotel, as
1 published in yesterday's Call, aroused
'■ great interest among her friends in
| this city, who had known her years
I ago. and they joined in a search for
' the missing woman that eventually led
I them to her temporary abode at the
' California. Having afforded her every
j possible comfort they returned to the
j St. Francis and settled her bill and
j then gathered together from her
j trunks such articles as she would need
j and sent them to her. Later in the
j day they arranged for her departure
| this morning for Ix>s Angeles, whither.
! she goes in search of health and \lhere
; she will be cared for by loving friends
ior her school doys.
Miss Wells' sister, Mrs. Fred Web
ster, yesterday telegraphed from New
; York to a friend at the Palace Hotel
!to make every possible effort to find
I the missing woman and it was partly
through this friend and the assistance
lof House Detective Hershey of the St.
Francis that Miss Wells was found.
! From this friend, who is a- New York
! man, it was learned last evening that
: Miss Wells was not in need of funds
; and the young woman later confirmed
this statement.
In her rooms at the California Miss
! Wells related her experiences during
; her stay in San Francisco, adding that
! she hoped soon to be far beyond the
| city, in which during a very short time
more troubles than she ever expected
to encounter again had been crowded
into her life. Continuing, she said:
1 looked forward to a very happy visit to
California, which had so long; been my home,
j I was sick In New York and finally, on the
I advice of my doctor and urged by my devoted
sister. I planned a Western trip. The over
land Journey did not improve my health and
I I arrived In San Francisco Just before the
; Christmas holidays feeling anything butNcheer
! fui. I was enduring troubles other than those
of Illness, but they are of ho concern to the
! public. The gay scenes at the St. Francs
strangely did not enliven me and the longer
: I remained there the more despondent I be
. came.
Finally I read of the arrest of that un
; fortunate creature. Mrs. McCabe. and as I
! daily perused the stories of her experiences
j i;: the City Prison I began to imagine that
i the world was growing colder and colder.
From this story my mind was suddenly di
verted to the tale of the arrest of Howell
; Caradoc Rees, and as I continued to read of
I that poor fellow's troubles it occurred to me
' that my own tribulations were becoming too
j crcat.
At night I would retire early and listen to
■ the music of the 'Qrcheatra. but when the lat
j ter ceased playing and my mind reverted to
my private affairs I .became so blue that I
i could not sleep. Severn! days ago I rose after
j a restless night and wfit out for a walk. As
I I proceeded along the street I keenly appre
| elated that I was sick and depressed and it
! suddenly occurred to me that a quiet place
jof rest might do me good. I wandered around
ito the California Hotel and entering engaged
; a room. Since then I have been almost ob
| livious to what the outside world was doiifg.
! Yesterday I sent for some newspapers and one
;of the first items that caught my eye was the
i announcement that Mrs. McCabe was oceupy
| ing comfortable quarters In the City Prison.
I Fancy a woman having any comforts In a
| Jail. Later I read of the Issuance of a war
rant charging Rees with Insanity. This morn
ing I sent for more papers and immediately
looked for news of the two unfortunate creat
ures whosa troubles had so interested me.
Instead of finding Reese or Mrs. McCabe head
lined In some part of the newspaper I was
startled by finding my own troubles published
to the world. Later I met my friends and
through them I paid my bill at the St. Fran
cis and arranged for my trip to Los Angeles.
I cm going to Southern California in hope of
recovering my health.
Miss Wells, who appeared in buoy
ant spirits last evening as she talked
with a Call reporter, said that she re
gretted the publicity she had gained
and especially the fact that her sister's
name had been used in the affair. She
also regretted that Attorney Hoefler
had been annoyed. Concerning the
statement published yesterday that
Mrs. Webster had advised Attorney
Hcefler to look out for her and that
the lawyer was ready to advance her
funds, Miss Wells said:
My sister has always been very deeply con
cerned in my welfare. No doubt she was
anxious that I should enjoy every possible
comfort during my stay In San Francisco and i
furnished Attorney Hoefler with money to meet I
any possible emergency . that might arise
should I be taken seriously Ul. Fortunately
I am not without funds and will not find It
necessary to appeal to my sister or h«r at
torney.
■ * ■ -
Sidewalk Lines Established.
As the result of the resurvey of the
lines of Sansome, Merchant and Clay
streets, made by City Engineer Wood
ward, the building proposed to be
erected at the corner of Sansome and
Clay streets by the Cowell estate will
have to be set back eighteen inches
frcm the sidewalk line. The lines
have been in dispute for several
months and investigation disclosed
that while the architects of the build
ing were about to encroach eighteen
inches on Sansome street they were
entitled to eighteen inches more of
frontage on the Clay-street side, thus
making up for the loss of ground on
Sansomte street. All the houses on
Sansome street project on the side
walk line as officially designated, one
building encroaching as much as
twenty-one inches. City Architect
Shea took steps several weeks ago to
prevent further operations on the
buildings pending the settlement of
the sidewalk lines.
AMATEUR BOXING PERMITS.—The
Supervisors' Police Committee yesterday de
ferred action for one week on all petitions filed
by amateur clubs for permits to give amateur
boxing exhibitions next month.
BELASCO MAY
BAFFLE TRUST
New York Manager Declares
That Blanche Bates Will
Appear in Her Home City
IS NOT DISHEARTENED
Says He Will Buy a Theater
in Portland if He Is Not
Able to Lease a Playhouse
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 19.—"Play
Portland at any price. If you can't
rebuild the Lyric, lease a theater. If
you can't lease, buy one."
• The above message from David Be
lasco in New York was received to
day by M. B. Kirby, agent for Blanche
Bates, who has been threatened by
the theater trust with disbarment for
playing in her home city. It was
found on closer study that the pro
posed rebuilding of the Lyric,, ar
vaudeville house, could not be accom
plished in the time required. Even
the sanguine contractor who promised
to do the big task finally acknowl
edged he had overestimated his abil
ity.
The plan is now to lease the Grand,
one of the oldest playhouses, which
was recently enlarged and fitted up
by Sullivan and Considine.
The local manager of the Grand
i says: "If Blanche Bates plays at the
j Grand her management will have to
I make good the salaries of the vaude
; ville artists engaged for that week.
I the salaries of the house employes,
our regular weekly profit and a big
j rental besides. It will cost Belasco
j not a cent less than $5000, and pos
! sibly more."
Find Gold in Bed of Kern River.
BAKERSFIKLD, Jan. 19. — A rich
strike has been made in the bed of
Kern River, near the old Keyesville
niinine district. Gravel has been taken
out which goes as high as $3 to the
pan. Many miners are now at work
prospecting and some rich strikes are
expected.
Is Your Size
In The Lot?
For the past few days we have been.having a sale of sack
suits, full dress, Prince Alberts and overcoats. The garments
were broken in sizes and assortment, but hundreds of fortunate
men found their sizes in the lot and each saved a few dollars.
The clothes were reduced to fully one-half their original prices.
See if your size is represented in the garments that are
now left. At present writing we have the sizes mentioned.
Sack Suits Worth »12.50 Now $ 6~
The suits were formerly sold at $15.00, $12.50 and $10.00. They
comprise fancy mixed tweeds and blue and black cheviots. The remaining
sizes are 35, 36, 37, 38 and 39 chest measure, pants accordingly. The sale
price is $6.00.
Full Dress Suits Reduced to $ 12.85
The full dress suits were previously sold for $30.00, $27.50, $25.00
and $22.50. They comprise unfinished worsteds, crepes and granites —
soft and smooth finished materials, all silk lined. The remaining sizes
are 34, 36, 37 and 38 chest measure, pants accordingly. The sale price
is $12.65.
Prince Alberts Reduced to $ 12,85
The Prince Alberts were originally priced at $30.00, $25.00, $22.50
and $20.00. The materials are black and gray clay worsteds and black
unfinished worsteds. Some are silk faced, others have plain facing. The
remaining sizes are 34, 35, 36, 37, 38 and 39 chest measure, pants accord
ingly. The sale price is $12.85.
Top Coats And Overcoats $ 6
The top coats were formerly sold at $12.50 and $10.00. The mate
rial is a covert in shades bordering on tan and brown. The remaining sizes
are 39, 40 and 42 chest measure. The sale price is $6.00.
Some overcoats were originally $12.50 and $10.00. The remaining
sizes—39, 40 and 42—a1l will be sold for $6.00.
Men's Hats \I \ A lf\ g\ Jt\ ~m g~)T\ Underwear,
Fall Shapes vS7V # «UUU &| If
for $1.00 * now reduced
740 Market, Street, t0 75c
DUKE REFUSES
TO MEET BRIDE
Woman Repelled When She
Seeks Interview After His
Release From Sanitarium
OBEYS HIS ATTORNEY
Tells Her Complications
Must Be Adjusted Before
There Is Any Conference
NEW YORK, Jan. li>—Brodie L.
Duke, the half-brother of the president
of the American Tobacco Company,
who has been kept in a sanitarium fol
lowing his marriage to Alice Webb,
was brought into the Supreme Court
in Brooklyn to-day and discharged
from custody after a hearing before
Justice Gaynoi.
After Duke had been given his liber
ty his wife sought an interview. Mrs.
Duke asked if he intended tp repudiate
her, 10 which Duke replied:
"By advice of counsel I cannot
answer that now. I cannot see or talk
with you now. These complications,
both yours and mine, must be adjust-,
ed before T can have an interview with
you."
Abraham Levy, counsel for Mra.
Duke, said afterward:
"Mr. Duke received our client very
affectionately. Vhe was most gracious
ly received. They made an agreement
to meet again."
NEW YORK CAPITALISTS
WILL BUILD A RAILROAD
Subscribe Necessary Funds to Con
struct Branch Line From Spokane
lo the International Boundary.
SPOKANE. Jan. 19.—D. C. Corbin,
who has built several railroads in
Washington, Idaho and British Co
lumbia, announced to-day that him
self and half a dozen New York capi
talists have subscribed funds to build a
branch standard guage railroad from
this city to the international bound
ary, where it will connect with a
branch to be built to the Canadian
Pacific.
ENTER PLEAS
OF NOT GUILTY
Young Tramps Who Con
fessed to Murder of 3liner
Dunn Will Now Be Tried
SUBPBISE THE OFFICERS
Will Face Separate Juries
Instead of Acknowledging
Their Guilt in Open Court
CRESCENT CITY, Jan. 19.—Harry
Brown and Frank Kelly, the young
tramps, who recently confessed to the
authorities here that they were the
murderers of George Dunn, an aged
miner, who was beaten to death in his
cabin on the Grant's Pass and Crescent
City road, caused a sensation in court
to-day when they entered pleas of not
guilty and demanded separate trials.
Inasmuch as the prisoners had made a
full confession of the terrible crime to
the Sheriff and District Attorney it was
believed that they would plead guilty
when arraigned, in the hope of escap
ing with life imprisonment in the peni
tentiary.
Kelly's case was set for trial Febru
ary 5 and at Its conclusion Brown will
be placed on trial for his life.
STEAMER CENTENNIAL
RAMS A GERMAN VESSEL
Runs Into the Amasis. Which Is Load
ing Lumber at Seattle. Doing
Considerable Damage.
SEATTLE, Jan. 19.—The San Fran
cisco steamer Centennial to-day
rammed the German steamship Ama
sis while the latter vessel was loading
lumber for Panama at a local wharf.
The bowsDrit of the Centennial was
splintered and several plates on the
stern of the Amasis were strained.
Senatorship Fight Still Unsettled.
OLTMPIA, Wash.. Jan. 19.—To
day's joint ballot for United States
Senator by the Legislature resulted as
follows: Foster 44. Piles 33, Sweeney
26, Wilson 16. Blethen (Dem.) 7,
Jones 8.4
DELEGATES ARE GUESTS AT DINNER
GIVEN BY LOCAL BRICKLAYERS.
Many Prominent Unionists Are in Attendance
• The delegates of the Bricklayers'
and Masons' International thirty
ninth annual convention were guests
- at a dinner given in honor of them last
night at the Russ House by San Fran
cisco Union No. 7. Mayor Eugene E.
Schmltz, Treasurer John McDougald
and many other city officers were pres
ent. The officers of the Oakland union
Were also guests. Much regret was
expressed over the absence of William
J. Bowen. president of the interna
tional union, who could not attend on
• account of illness. #
About 350 guests gathered around
" the tables and shared in the hospi
tality of the local union. In an ad
joining room about fifty women folks
of the delegates dined.
The banquet-room was handsomely
decorated. Smilax, artistically hung
around flags of all nations, gave the
surroundings a rich effect. The tables
were strewn with an abundance of
flowers and ferns.
George J. Beagley acted as toast
master and made the opening ad
dress. He hoped the delegates had en
joyed their visit here and that San
: Francisco would be again selected as
" the place for the international conven
tion. Rev. P. J. McQuade was,to have
responded to a toast, but he sent a
letter expressing his regret at not be
ing able to attend.
Mayor Schmitz was introduced by
the toastmaster and he was given a
hearty welcome. He made a short ad
dress on "The City of San Francisco."
6. A. Tveitmoe responded to a toast
• in behalf of the Building Trades Coun
cil. James A. Wilson of the Master
Masons' Association talked on "Arbi
tration." Delegate Edward Brandon
toasted on "State Conferences." Edi
tor Moffett of the Bricklayers' Journal
responded to a toast on "The Flag."
'E. A. Nolan, president of the local or
ganization, talked on "Affiliation."
.The menu was as follows:
Eastern oysters on the half sh»Il, Panama
grei-n turtle » up (aux queneilles), shrimp en
mayonalse, celery en branches, filet of sole,
sauce remoulade, pommes Duchesse, sauterne,
chicken liver en caisses, tenderloin of beef
(pique aux young mallard duck
(au cavillier), champagne punch, roast Fresno
turkey (chsatnut cir>'*3ing). Uurbank potatoes
AD^RTJtSE3|ENTS^^^_
PUTTING IT STRONG.
But Doesn't It Look Reasonable?
This may read as though we were
putting it a little strong, because it is
generally thought by the majority of
people that Dyspepsia in its chronic
form Is incurable or practically so.
But we have long since shown that
Dyspepsia is curable, nor is it such
a difficult matter as at first appears.
The trouble with Dyspeptics Is that
they are constantly dieting, starving
themselves or going to the opposite
extreme or else deluging the already
overburdened stomach with "bitters,"
"after dinner pills," etc., which in
variably increase the dffflculty, even
if in some cases they do give a slight
temporary relief. Such treatment of
the stomach simply makes matters
worse. What the stomach wants Is a
rest. Now how can the stomach be
come rested, recuperated and at the
same time the body nourished and
sustained?
This is a great secret and this is
also the secret of the uniform success
of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. This is
a comparatively new remedy, but its
success and popularity leave no doubt
as to its merit.
The Tablets will digest the food
anyway, regardless of condition of
stomach. The sufferer from Dyspep
sia, according to directions, is to eat
an abundance of good, wholesome
food and use the tablets before and
after each meal, and the result will
be that the food will be digested, no
matter how bad your Dyspepsia may
be, because, as before stated, the tab
lets will digest the food, even if the
stomach Is wholly Inactive. To illus
trate our meaning plainly, if you take
1800 grains of meat, eggs or ordinary
food and place it in a temperature of
98 degrees and put with it one of Stu
art's Dyspepsia Tablets it will digest
the meat or eggs almost as perfectly
as If the meat was inclosed within the
stomach.
The stomach may be ever so weak,
yet these tablets will perform the
work of digestion and the body and
brain will be properly nourished and
at the same time a radical, lasting
cure of Dyspepsia will be made be
cause the much abused stomach will
be given, to some extent, a much
needed rest. Your druggist win tell
you that of all the many remedies ad
vertised to cure Dyspepsia none of
them has given so complete and gen
eral satisfaction as Stuart's Dyspep
sia Tablets, and not least in import
ance in these hard times is the fact
that they are also the cheapest and
give the most good for the least
money.
'lOABTMASTER AT BRICKLAYERS'
BANQUET. AND TWO LEADING
DELEGATES TO CONVENTION.
» i . ~ .. .«, ... - . " . r -r
au surprise, cold asparagus (Durkee dressing).
Burgundy, beef in aspis, garden string beans,
New York Ice cream, iced cake, vanilla cake,
wafers, assorted nuts. Roquefort cheese (on
toasted crackers), New York cream cheese,
liqueur, cafe noir.
Butchers Elect Officers.
Branches Nos. 115 and 17 of the
affiliated butchers' unions have elected
the following officers for a term of six
months: Union No. 115—President, A.
F. Breslin; vice president, George E.
Golden; guide, Charles J. Wagner Jr.;
guardian, A. F. Hooper; sergeant at
arms, Louis Armknecht; trustees—
John Funk, Al Friedman, Chris Hill,
Louis Noonan, Chris Hillard, Otto
Hasenpusch, A. Piltz, Charles West
phal; delegate to the Allied Provision
Trades Council—Joseph M. Lyons.
Branch No. 17 (juniors)— Chairman, J.
A. McDonnell; vice chairman, Edgar
R. Fuller; guide, F. L. Muller; guar
dian, G. McDonnell; sergeant at arms,
Eddie Cull; delegate to the joint
executive board, Oscar Hoberg.
At the meeting of the Sailors* Union
last night the following resolution
was adopted and ordered to be for
warded to the Secretary of Commerce
and Labor at Washington:
Whereas, Experience has shown that more
reliable and satisfactory results are secured
by relying: on the skill and intelligence of
the crew than upon the certainty of mechan
ical life-saving devices, which are liable to
fail at critical times; therefore, be it
Resolved, by the Sailors' Union of the Pa
cific, In meeting assembled. That we request
the honorable the Secretary of Commerce) and
Labor to incorporate into the body of rule*
governing passenger-carrying steamers pro
visions for a proper manning scale and a
standard of efficiency for the crews of such
vessels.
DEATH SUMMONS
LORENZO COSTA,
PIONEER GROCER
Lorenzo Costa, a pioneer of Califor
nia, anS one of San Francisoo's prom
inent merchants, died yesterday after
noon at his family residence, 906
Greenwich street. For several weeks
Mr. Costa had been suffering from
heart failure.
Mr. Costa came to California from
New York in 1852 and for nearly ten
years engaged in business at Moko
lumne Hill. He was identified in min
ing and other enterprises with William
T. Coleman and other pioneer citizens.
In 1862 he came to San Francisco and
engaged in the wholesale grocery busi
ness, and In 1878 he became associated
with Andrea Sbarboro under the firm
name of Sbarboro & Costa. By mu
tual consent the firm dissolved partner
ship in the eighties and Mr. Costa went
into business for himself at 608 Front
street, where he engaged In aotive
trade until three weeks prior to his
death.
Deceased leaves a widow and four
children, Milton and Frederick Costa,
Mrs. H. M. Beck and Mrs. J. s. Ty
ler. The funeral will take place from
the late residence of deceased, Satur
day afternoon at 1 o'clock; Interment
private.
Death of Sister Madeline.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 19.—Sister Made
line, known in the world as Miss Anna
Mantell, died at the Convent of Notre
Dame to-day, where she had been en
gaged since 1871 as a teacher of
music and languages. She was born
in Delbruch, Westphalia, Germany, In
1846.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 20, 1905.
GREAT SPECTACLE "MOTHER
GOOSE" TO BE SEEN HERE
Klnw & Erlanger's Beautiful and
Costly Production Coming to
Grand Opera-House.
It is claimed that when Klaw & Er
langer's mighty beauty spectacle,
"Mother Goose," Is seen In this city
at the Grand Opera-house, Monday,
February 6, all theatrical record*
will be broken so far as to the size of
the organization, the magnitude of the
production, the beauty of the scenic
environment and the gorgeousness of
costuming, for in "Mother Goose" we
are promised the very climax in the
atrical achievement.
An idea of the immensity of this
production may be gleaned from the
fact that more than 400 comedians,
singers, dancers and pantomimists ap
pear in it, and seventeen scenes, each
as elaborate as an entire ordinary pro
duction, are used. The costumes num
ber 2000 and cost alone $75,000 to
produce. "Mother Choose" ran an en
tire year in London- and all last year
in New York City at the New Amster
dam Theater. It is thte first play of its
class ever presented in this city and
is described as being the mightiest ex
position of beauty, quick, rattling fun,
charming melody and spectacular
magnificence known to theatrical his
tory. Its production in this city will
be the original cast and every detail
of gorgeousness which made the pre
sentation one of the most talked of
theatrical events of the past two years
in the United States.
WILL GIVE ILLUSTRATED
LECTURE ON WORLD'S FAIR
James W. Erwin, Manager of San
Francisco Building at St. Louis,
Will Tell of Exposition.
On Thursday evening, January 26,
James W. Erwin, well known by rea
son of his long connection with the
California Camera Club, will give an
illustrated lecture at the Alhambra
Theater on "The Greatest of World's
Fairs." Mr. Erwin- spent the entire
exposition season at St. Louis as man
ager of the San Francisco building,
and his opportunities for observation
and securing the choicest views of the
great fair were fully Improved. He
will present over 150 pictures In nat
ural colors, which will afford a com
prehensive idea of the greatest expo
sition the world has ever seen.
Four thousand residents of San
Francisco and the bay cities visited
the World's Fair during the season,
many of whom will be glad of the op
portunity to recall the pleasures there
enjoyed.
Mr. Erwin gave exactly 400 illus
trated lectures at the San Francisco
building during the World's Fair sea
son, presenting the advantages and at
tractive features of San Francisco and
California in general to fully 70,000
people. His lecture here will deal
with the work of San Francisco and
California at St. Louis and present in
word and picture the most attractive
features of the Exposition.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC IS
REROUTING ITS TRAINS
Change Made Necessary by the Pro
posed Withdrawal of the
Steamer Solano.
The temporary withdrawal of the
tranfer steamer Solano from service
between Benicia and Port Costa for
repairs on February 1 will necessitate
many changes of trains 'on the West
ern division of the Ogden and Shasta
routes of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. After the date mentioned and
until the Solano is returned to work
abou£ ninety days later the trains now
running by way of Port Costa will go
via Stockton, as follows: Oregon
mail (No. 12), leaving San Francisco,
via Nlles, at 7:30 a. m.; Atlantic ex
press (No. 4), 7:30 a. m.; overland
limited (No. 2), 9 a. m.; Reno, spe
cial (No. 14), 5 p. m., via Nlles; At
lantic express (No. 6), 6 p. m.; Ore
gon express (No. iJB), 7 p. m.
The morning and afternoon trains
running locally between San Fran
cisco and Sacramento will run via
South Vaiiejo in both directions.
Trains will arrive in San Francisco as
follows: Tonopah special (No. 18),
8:20 a. m.; Oregon express (No. 16),
10:20 a. m.f Pacific mail (No. J),
12:50 p. m.; Pacific express (No. 5),
5:15 p. m.; overland limited (No. 1),
6:60 p. m.; Oregon mall (No. 11), 11
p. m.
KILLS HIMSELF
BEFORE WIFE
Montana Newspaper Man
Tires of Struggle Against
111 Health and Takes Life
VICTDLOF MELANCHOLIA
Despondent Writer Sends
Bullet Through Brain and
Falls Across Baby's Crib
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUTTE, Jan. 19.—At about 5 o'clock
this morning, on the sixth anniversary
of his marriage, Daniel J. Walsh, one
of the best known newspaper men of
Montana, sent a bullet crashing
through his brain at his home in the
presence of his horrified wife. Walsh
fell across the crib within which his
little daughter was sleeping peaceful
ly, and never regained consciousness,
passing quietly away at 10 o'clock. The
reason for the young man's rash deed
can only be explained by a sudden at
tack ol melancholia, brought about
by miserable health.
Walsh arrived "at the house about i
o'clock, his work on the Anaconda
Standard keeping him out until after
3. Mrs. Walsh had retired, but awoke
when her husband came in. She no
ticed he was unusually cheerful con
sidering his health and conduct for the
past few weeks, and the fact impressed
her greatly. He remarked happily
upon the day being the anniversary of
their marriage, which had been a most
happy one, and talked excitedly of the
future—how brave he meant to be. He
seemed to be without a care in the
world, and as to-day was to have been
his day off he talked of spending it at
home in the company of his family.
Walsh finally undressed and got into
bed. Then his demeanor seemed to
change. He began talking of his sick
ness. Finally he arose, and, remark
ing that he had made up his mind to
end It all, told Mrs. Walsh he intend
ed to kill her and the baby and finish
up himself. Frightened at his wild '
mannd, Mrs. Walsh pleaded with her
husband to b% calm and go back to
bed; but he got up and, procuring his
revolver, remarked:
'You may think this Is a bluff, but
just to show you I mean it here goes."
and» placing the muzzle of the revolver
to his right temple pulled the trigger.
Walsh was formerly city editor of
the' Washington Times, Denver News
and Butte Inter Mountain.
Woman Reports an Assault.
Mary McGill, a waitress in the Puri
tai restaurant and a recent arrival In
the city from Tulare County, reported
to the police last night that she had
been brutally assaulted by a man in
her room at 203 Powell street. After
Miss McGill gave a description of the
man, whose name was unknown to
her, the* police arrested "Denny"
Doyle, a tenderloin character, who has
been in trouble on many occasions.
When Doyle was brought to headquar
ters Miss McGill positively identified
him as her assailant.
Run Over by a Wagon.
While crossing Market street, near
Sixth, last night J. D. Blackman was
run down by an express wagon. He
was taken to the Central Emergency
Hospital, where it was found that six
of his ribs were broken and that he
was suffering from Internal injuries
that may result fatally. The teamster,
a Japanese named M. Suzukawa, was
arrested and charged with battery.
Reliable D rectory of Society People
Just Issued.
Charles C. Hoag has just taken from the press the San Francisco Blue
Book for the season of 1906. It has a blue binding. Illuminated with gold.
The contents are printed in colors and arranged in departments repre
senting the leading families in San Francisco and one hundred suburban
towns, giving the names, addresses and reception days. The Men's Clubs
With complete lists of members, are given. Also diagrams of the Thea
ters, personnel of the Press. Ladies' Shopping Guide. Street and Avenue
Guide, giving the car line to any desired number.
As for its intrinsic worth', the fact that It is issued with the official
Indorsement of the California Federationjef Women's Clubs is a sufficient
guaranteo of its reliability.
Since the women of California have found that they have so many in
terests In common this book is a necessity and a comfort. It puts the
women of the uttermost parts of the State In communication with each
other. In addition to the names and addresses of 10,000 women in this
book, the date of organization and the times of meeting of each club are
indicated.
Address CHAS. C HOAC, Publisher,
320 Sansome St., Room 47,
Telephone Main 1760. Son Francisco,
"TRAVIATA"
AT THE TIVOLI
A GREAT HIT
Real clothes at the Tivoli, a "Travia-
I ta" that ripped, and the largest house— j
! bar that of "Lucia"—of the season last !
i night. Nothing could better illustrate
I the commercial value of the star sys- ,
j tern than the houses of the last and
j preceding nights. "Manon" was an ;
j opera practically new to Tivoli goers,
j Half a house greeted it—true, there
j was much weather outside. "La |
| Traviata," that one has been accus- j
j tomed to regard as a hackneyed, thin J
! enough vehicle for the human lark, |
j with Tetrazzini, crammed the theater, j
! Practically the season has divided it- i
j self into Tetrazzini nights and other I
j nights. When Tetrazzini sings the !
people will go whether Mr. Verdi, Mr. j
Bizet or any one else made the opera, j
and no matter how he made it. The
attitude is not artistic but perfectly
i natural. One can very fully excuse it ;
while Tetrazzani sings, for her every j
appearance only makes It more!
apparent that here indeed is an ex- j
traordinary singer, a rare vocal pre- [
j ciousness.
As to "La Traviata," last night's
J reading and rendering suggest a new
i deal in opinions. In the finely respect
i ful interpretation of Signor Pollacco
j the careless old "turn-turn" took on
i astonishing grace and distinction. It
i sparkled: it thrilled. Irredeemably and
I poorly mechanical one has become used
!to believing much of the orchestral
i work —so it has been sawed off for us.
j The effects have been stamped as for
; mal in the hopeless way. One has ex
! pected nothing—and usually has got it.
j Last night It was different. Even Pol-
I lacco thought so, I think. That modest
; gentleman, for the first time since his
i introduction here, acknowledged a cur
i tain call, as many, in fact, as time per
mitted. And one was never better de
served. Every phrase, every note of
the opera was charged with meaning,
the whole thing gathering significance,
picturesqueness, dramatic Intensity, as
with no other "Traviata" of my expe
rience. May I add my "brava" to the
thousands of last night, Signor Pol
lacco?
Tetra»ini contributed tremendously
to the dramatic illusion. The woes of
Violetta became actually human In her
Interpretation. All the vocal embroid
ery was most deftly fitted to the dra
matic need. A really extraordinary ex
ample of this was the scene between
Violetta and Alfredo's father (excel
lently done by Signor Romboli). One
would have quite forgotten here that
the actor's speech was song but for the
beauty of the speech, so wonderfully
little did it interfere with the dramatic
intention. The tears in Tettrazzini's
eyes—real, home-made tears —were not
the only ones in the Tivoli just then.
The scene was eminently touching,
played with a sincerity and conviction
that carried all before It. But through
out Tetrazzini showed herself an ac
tress of admirable resource and accom
plishment. Further, she sang, how she
did sing! I'm waiting for Melba.
Melba comes on the 7th of February;
j these singers finish at the Tivoli on the
I same date. We will see then. The
i quality of the Tetrazzini voice is Mel
ba's exactly, as I remember it. The
Melba voice comes no more purely in
|my memory. I think Melba has It in
power, has It again in sheer, dazzling,
technical fluency, but the comparison
imposes itself. If It is not sacrilegious
one. would like also to express gratitude
to Tetrazzini for her most un-grand
opera-like charming gowns.
Signor Colli was the Alfredo, and I
wish one had such a good time about it
as he evidently has. He filled in enthu
siastically. The chorus counted hand
somely last night, the climax of the
gaming scene being, in the circum
stances, a miracle of ensemble.
To-night "Manon," with Berlindi—a
dainty opera, cleverly acted, well sung.
BLANCHE PARTINGTDN.
AD YERTISEMENTS.
B. KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co*
!0 THIRD SYR ET. SAN FRANCISCO
Adjoining- Call BuUdlns*.
We give Free Sale Checks
with every purchase (except
special sale shoes). Save our
| Free Sale Checks; we give you
elegant presents in exchange
absolutely free. * •
TRUE MERIT SHOES
FOR MEN.
BUCKINGHAM & HECHT
MAKERS.
TRUE MERIT IN EVERY PAIR
We stake our reputation on B
this make. It contains the very n
test materials, has the longest I
wear and gives the roost com- ■
fort.
Call, investigate and try a ■
pair. Absolute satisfaction fl
guaranteed in every case.
Sizes 6 to 12; widths 8 to EE. I
MAIL ORDERS FILLED. I
B. KATSCHINSKI I
10 THIRD ST., Ban Francisco. M
MERCHANT TAILORS. t
RBMOVSD TO sS
; 112 Sutter Street, s|
SAN FRANCISCO. 2l
i Novelties in imported Wear. «
descriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUARANTEED CURB FOR MEN.
[ARMLESS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
a»f» in h few days. Warranted to cure
.orst cases. NO OTHER TREATMENT
IE QUIRED. Prevents and Cures Stric
ures. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm
ess. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
■■ B. KELLT*B "WftBIHOT, 102 Eddy.
3DTTCUI7O FOR BARBERS. BAK
jiIUOIIIID ers - bootblacks, bath
houses, billiard tables,
rewera, bookbinder*, candy makers, csnners.
yers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper
angers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta
ilemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailora, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Irtish Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
yways. Remember the Full /4§me
ffiromo Qamme
:are« a CoM fes One Day, Crlpin 2 Days
M^MMsssCra
patents!J
330 MARKET ST.
YM. X. HESS,
NotaryfPublio and Attorn ey-at-Law.
•nth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels bids.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence, 1808 McAllister St.
Residence Telephone Pas* 5841.
RAILWAY TRAVEL
ICAUroftHIA Li MIT EDM
|CHICAGO T |N *3 DAYS!
I LEAVES DAILY AT9:IOA M I
g W ITH QINE.RSAND SLEEPERS |Bj
Other Santa Be Trains:
30 a. m. "I
30 a. m. J- For Stockton. Fresno. Bakerafleld,
00 p. m. J Merced. Hanford and Visalla.
00 p. m. For Stockton.
00 p. m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chlcaso.
Icket Offices—64l Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak
land, Cal.; also 27 South First, San Jose.
MILL
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sauaalito Berry
JBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, daily at t7 0R
45. 8:25, 9:10, 0:50. 11:00 a. m.; 12:20 IrtS"
15, 4:35, 5:15, 6:50, 6:30. 7:15, 10:15 arid
:.}5 d. ro.
Arrive at San Francisco dally, at t640
35. 8:15, 8:50, 0:35, 10:50 a. m. ; 12:10 1 : 30
55, 4:25. 5:06, 5:42. 6:22. 6:57, 7:40 and* 11:25
m.
tDaily except Sunday.
For Fairfax daily, at 7:46 a. no.; also Satur
iys at 3:15 p. m., and dally except Saturday
id Sunday at 5:16 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. daily—Caxadero and way stations
3:15 p. m., Saturdays only—For Caaadero,
c.
5:15 p. m. dally, except Saturday and Sun
iy. for Tomales, etc. a
TICKET OFFICE —650 Market st
FERRY —Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt, Tamalpais Railway
"Lt. 8m ftiadm ir. tn fnacim
Ik. Ptyi B«u>>*y»" ">»aiy»T^«Tß*yr
B:Bsam MSB 1:30p «10:50 a
•:50a mW »»Bs* »:«3r>
i:'45F l:4 Sri yLWtnp | '*""»"
B»tnrd»j» 4:35> t&tankn 11:12?
VTk Chanty (jar y toMiuTiikf
S *50 Mahkkt St.,(North Shore Railroad)
Wim ) aad Sa us auto Faaar, Foot Mark* 8*
j RAILWAY TRAVISi.
I Trsjtßs lsavt as>4 IN omm
/V <r tearrlTsst
BAN FKANCISOO.
v4V * BO " Ja»wabt n, im
\ First Darer
\ j/ (Foot of Market Strata)
- MAIN LINE. - Ammrrs
7-OOa Vacavllic. Winters, Ruiusey 7 60p
7 00a Benlcla, Elmlraend Sacramento.. 7.20P
7 30a Vaiiejo. Napa Cetlstaga SaaU
Hosa, Martinez. Sun Hainan •>to*>
7-30 A Nlies,Tracy, Lath r op, Stockton.,.. 7t©P
8 00a Shasta Express — (Via Davis),
Wllllamt, Willows, Fruto. Ked
Bluff. Portland, Tacoma, Seattle 7.§o>
8 00a Davis. Woodland. Knights Leading.
V Marysvlile. Orovllle 7.N*
••30a Martinez, Anttoch. Byron. Tracy.
Stockton, Newman, Los Banoa,
Mendote. Armona. Hanford.
Visalla Poriervllle 4.20P
830 a Port Costa, Modesto. Merced.
Fresno, Goshen .Junction, Han
ford, Visalla. Bakers 11 eld 450P
8.30 a Nlles, San Jose, Llvermore. Stock
ton, (tMllton). lone. Sacrament*.
Marysvlile. Cblco. Red Bluff .... 4.*fl* )
I4oa Oakdale. Chinese, Jamestown. Sa> . _
nora Tuolumne and Angels
9 OfM Atlantic Express—Ogden aad Kmm% w-lOp
tZOA Richmond, Martinez aad Way
Stations i-SOP
10 00a The Overland Ltmtted — Ogrteo,
Omaha, Chicago. Denver, Kansas
City....... .7T. !-*op
10 00a Vaiiejo v 12 20P
10.00 a Los Angeles Passenger — Port
Costa Martinez, Byron, Tracy,
La thro p. Stockton, Merced,
Raymond, Fresno, Goshen Junc
tion, Hanford, Lemoore, Visalla
Bakersfleld, Los Angeles 728P
10.00 A El Paso. Kansas City. St. Lottie ,„
and Chicago Z-f0 p
12.00 m Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations. ..$•*•»
tl-OOP Sacrsmenlo River Steamers. tiI.QOP
I 30p Benlcla Wlntera Bacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysvlile and Orovllle 10-69*
84J0P Hayward. Nlles aad Way Stations.. 7.10P
3 30p Port Costa, Martinez, Byron.Tracy,
LathroP, Stockton, Modesto,
Merced, Berenda and Fresno... I|.2os>
4 OOP Martlnez.SanUtimoß.ValleJo.Napa
Cal lstoga, San la Rosa 0-20 A
4 OOP Nlles, Tracy. Stockton 1040 a
4.30p Hay ward. Nlles, Irvlagten, Baa I r8 50a
Jose, Llvermore 1 111.60 a
6 .OOP The Owl Limited—Newman, Los
Banoe, Mendota, Fresao, Tnlare,
Bakersfleld, Los Angeles 8.50 a
|.00p Golden State Limited — El Paso.
Kansas City, St. Louis and
Chicago B.Boa
tf 30p Hayward, Nlles and San Jose 7 20a
8 00p Hayward. Nlles and Ban Joee 9 60a
6 .00p Eastern Express—Omaha Chicago,
Denver. Kansas City, St. Louis,
Martinez, Stockton. Sacramento,
Colfax, Reno, Sparks, Montello,
Ozdea 12-BOp
8. 00p Vaiiejo. daily, except Sunday.... 1 7 B0 „
7 OOP Vaiiejo, Sunday only .-. f '•«""
-7.00P Klchuumd, dan Pablo, Port Costa
' Martines and Way SUtloae 11.20 a
7 00p Reno Passenger—Port Costa, Be
nlcla, Suisun. Elmlra Dixon,
Davis, Sacramento, Sparks, Tono
pah, aoldfloid and Keeler 7 80*
Bo6p Oregon ts California Exprese—Sac
ram eu to, Marysvlile, Redding,
Portland, Paget Hound and East. 8-80 A
810p Hayward, Nlles and San Jose (San
day only) 11.50*
COAST LINE (Ssrrow Uaa«e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8.16 a Newark. Centerrllle, Sas Josa
Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 8 85p
t2 16p Newark. Centerrllle, San Josa
New Almadvn. Los Gatos.Feitoa,
Boulder Creek. Santa Cms aad
Principal Way Stations tlO-SSa
4.16p Newark, San Jose, Los Gates... | *to?.* 6*
«9 30p Hunters' Train (Saturday only)—
San Jose and Way Stations t7 25p
COAST LINE (Broad Uasge).
I tST < Third ami Townseud Streets.)
610 a Pan Jose and Way Stations 8 30p
7 GCa 6an Jose and Way Stations . 5 40p
B.ooa New Almsden (Tues., Frld.. only). 4.10P
8 00a Thi' Coaster—San Jose, Salinas,
Sac Ardo. Paso Rotiles. Santa
Margarita, San Luis Obispo,
Guadalupe, Oarlota, Santa Bar
bara San BuoaaveaturaOxnard,
Burbank. Los Angelas 18-30*
•40a Gtlroy. Holllster, Castrovllle, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove, Surf, Lorn
poc 10-30P
9.00 a Sau Jose. Tres Plnos,Watsonvllle,
Capltola, Santa Cruz, Pacific
Grove. Salinas. Ban Luis Obispo
and Principal Way Stations. ... 4-10p
10 30a San Jose end Way Stations 120p
11 30a Sau Jose and Way Stations 7 Sop
2 TBp Use) Jo«e and Way Stations 8 38a
3.00P Del Monte Kxpress—Santa Clara
San Jose, Wat■a o v v 111 c, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grove 1215P
tJ-OOP Lo» Gatos. Wright, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara aad
i Sarnrw Gsugc f10.46A
330p Vs ncia St.. South San FranclMo,
i .irllnKame. San Jose, SHlroy,
Hot lister, Tres Plnos 10 45a
4 30PSan Johc and Way Stations +8 00a
t6 OOP Sauta Clara. Han Jose. Los <i»u>:
aud principal War Stations. tS 00a
«6 30p n lose anil Principal Way Stations !9 40a
6 46P Beasei Kxpress.—Redwood. San
Juse.Gllruy.Sallnaa.Paso Roblea
San Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara
Los Angeles, Doming. El Paso,
New Orleans 9 10a
6.46pE1 Paso, Kansas City, :\ Louis,
Chicago..., 10.30P
6.46P Pajaro, Watsonvllle, Capitol a
Santa Cruz. Castroyllle, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove.... 1040P
16-16P tan Mateo, Beresford,Belmont,San
Carlos. Kedwood. Fair Oaks.
Memo Park. Palo Alto 18.48*
6 30p 8»n Jose and Way Stations. 8-^Ja
840pPalo Alto and Wsy Stations....... 10.18 a
11 40p South San Francisco, Mlllbrae. Bur
;ixtgaiua San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaka
Menlo Park, and Pslo Alto t9 46p
«1130PMariield, Mountain View. Sonny
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clam aad
j San Jose tO.4B*'
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
<Foot of Market St.)
f7.16a.m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
100 p.m. 3 00 p.m. 8.18 p.m.
AforMorninK. P for Afternoon.
1 SunJav excepted t Sunday only
v Saturday only » Monday only,
{stops at ail stations oa Sunday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAN FKANCISCO TO SAN KAFALL
WEEK DAYS—7:3O, 8:00 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30. SMO, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays—Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:80 p. m.
SUNDAYS—B:OO, 9:30 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 8:30.
6:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN EAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS—6:OS 7:35. 7:50, 9:20 11:15
a. m.; 12:60. 3:40, 6:00. 6:20 p. m. '
Saturdays—Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS —8:0 O. 9:40, 11:16 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40
4:06, 5:06. 0:26 p. m.
Leave I In Effect 1 Arrive
San Fran. | Oct. 2. f San Fran.
Week j Sun- I Deatina- I Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. | tlon. [ days. I Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9 10 a 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignaelo. 10:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:06 p 6:20 p
| 5:10 p 5:00p 7:36 p|
7:30al 0:10 a 8:40 a
| 8:00 a Novato 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Fetaluma, 6:05 p 6:20p
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:36 p
I 6:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:80 a I 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:36p 6:20p
6:80 p 3:80 p| | |
Windsor. I
T:3oa 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton, J
8:30 p 3:30 p Geysen-Ula 7:36 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale. |
7:30 al 8:00 a! Hopland 110:40 a 110:20 a
8:30 p| 3:30 p| and UkUh. | 7:36 pj 6:20 p
\ WlUlts and J I
7:3oa| 8:00 a| Sherwood. I 7:86 p[ 6:20 p
7:30al~o r :ooa| 110:40 a) 10:20 a
3:30 pj 3:30 pi Guernevllle. j 7:36 pi 6:20 p
7:50~a| 8:C0al Sonoma |9:loa| 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 0:06 pi 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00ai " 110:40 alio:20 a
8:30 p| 3:30 pj Bebastopol. | 7:36 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin- at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone
ville and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Hi'-rhland Springs, KelseyWUe, Carls
bad Sprir.b's, Soda Bay, Lakeport, Bartlett
Springs aad Lake County Hot Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs.
1 Blue Lakes, Naurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs.
! Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day s,
i Riverside, Lierly's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin
i Heights, Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs, Halfway
House, Comptche, Hopkins, Mendocino City,
j Fct Bragg, Weatport and t'sal; at WlUlts for
' Fort Bragg, Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
1 for Caiito, Covelo, Laytonvllle. Cummings.
Bell s Springs, Harris. Hubbard, Fruitland,
Tjyer. Garberville, Camp 5, Pepperwood. Scotia
; and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re
duced rates.
On Sunday—Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER, R. X. RYAN,
: Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Art.
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
at. Wk 629 KEAB3T ST. Established
flprffsP B Mp a Ui! 1894 for the treatment of Prfvnte
fill iK-JWr Dlawises. I.ott Marbttod. Debility or
.-a sfß\'l'<eas'- wearlngon body and mind and
•■Skin Diseases The Doctor cures when
■others fail. Try hias. Charges low.
H« ■rrassX'ratsitecMSl. CallorWftfca
nr. J. F. OIBBOS, San Fraocisoa, CatLEGISLATURE MAY INCREASE THE
SALARIES OF THE JUDGES.
Committee in Favor of the
Passage of Proposed Bill.
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE LOWER HOUSE OF THE STATE LEGISLA-
Tt'RE NOW IN SESSION AT SACRAMENTO. WHO TAKE AN ACTIVE IN
TEREST IN THE PROCEEDINGS OF THE GENERAL BODY.
Special Dlsr>at.:h to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 19.—Before the
Judiciary Committee of the Assembly
this afternoon there was a battle over
the bill introduced by McGowan in
creasing the salaries of the # Superior
Judge's of San Francisco from $4000 to
$6000 a year. Other Assemblymen
wished to get aboard and secure raises
tor the Judges of the counties repre
• sented by them. Espey of Alameda
demanded an amendment raising the
salary of the Judges of his county to
$6000. Houser asked that the Los An
geles salary rate be fixed at the same
figure, King of Napa wanted an in
crease from $3000 to $4000 for Judge
Gesford and Pryor wanted Judge Short
of Kings put on the $4000 list.
Treadwell and McGowan put up the
fight for the San Francisco judiciary,
and won out to the extent that the
committee decided to report the bill
favorably as it stood—providing for an
increase for the San Francisco Judges
only.
The contention made by the San
Franciscans was not against raising
the salaries of Judges outside of their
city. They said these raises should be
. made, but that they would have to be
made gradually, and that If everybody
tried to secure an advance this session,
' none of them would succeed. They said
that as no Judge now in office could
benefit by the increase none outside of
San Francisco could receive extra com
pensation in less than four years, and
that the San Francisco Judges elected
two years from now would draw salary
-under the new schedule.
It seems likely that some of the
amendments offered in committee will
be insisted upon on the ftbor, and that
there will be a fight over th? passage
of the bill as it stands.
The Senate and Assembly committees
on Capital and Labor met in joint ses
• slon this afternoon and evening, and
reported favorably the bill limiting the
day's labor of firemen to twelve
hours and providing that no drug clerk
shall be compelled to work more than
ten hours each. day. The bill carries an
AUVERTIbKMEXTS.
Dizzy Spells
That dizzy spell is an important mes
sage from the heart —a plea for help.
If this message receives no attention
others come. Shortness of breath, palpi
tation, weak or fainting spells, smother
ing or choking sensations, pains around
the heart, in side or shoulders, and so
on, untU it receives the necessary help,
or is compelled to give up—stop.
You may furnish this aid with
Dr. Miles' Heart* Cure
Which cures heart disease in every stage.
Every day we read of sudden deaths
from heart disease, yet it is a fact that
the heart had been pleading for help, and
gave up the struggle only when it had
exhausted the last spark of vitality—and
they call it sudden.
"For more than six years I was trou
bled with my heart. I would have dizzy
■pells, then difficulty in breathing, chok
ing sensations, my heast would flutter,
become painful. I could npt breathe ly
ing down. I commenced taking Dr.
Miles' Heart Cure, and in a few weeks I
was entirely cured,"—MINNIE E. JOHN
SON. Olivia, Minn.
The first bottle will benefit, if not, th»
druggist will return your money.
amendment that will do away with the
present law making it a misdemeanor
to entice an employe away from his
employer. The child labor bill, which
raises the age limit of children that
may be employed from twelve to four
teen years, prohibits night work by
such children later than 10 o'clock, and
provides a simple educational test for
children between fourteen and sixteen
jears, was also recommended.
Senator Nelson presided. Congress
man-elect Kahn spoke for the drug
gists and Senators Wolfe and Keane
for. the firemen and the child labor
bills.
The bill relating to the hours of fire
men was amended on motion of Sena
tor Savage of San Pedro to take in Los
Angeles.
President Wheeler of the State Uni
versity appeared before the University
Committee at its meeting to-day.
Chairman Waste's bill asking for $250,
--000 for an Agricultural College build
ing and that of Assemblyman Hawkins
asking for a like sum for an agricul
tural farm were reported favorably to
the Ways and Means Committee.
At President Wheeler's request
Pfaeffle's bill creating a chair of music
at the university was approved.
ATTACHE WORKS TOO HARD.
Bill Filer From San Fr.incisco Sud-
denly Springs Into Prominence.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 19. —Ai* at
tache of the Legislature has hurt him
self working. M. Dannenbaum of
San Francisco, a bill filer, is the man
who has thus sprung into prominence.
A special committee of the legislative
attaches' organization has been ap
pointed to in% f estigate the case and if
Dannenbaum is found guilty he will
be disciplined and probably expelled
from that body.
Dannenbaum inflicted injury on
himself by using a patent i/unch with
which to make holes in bills. He
bruised the palm of his hand, but
continued to pursue his duties assid
uously, with the result that his arm
began to swell. Tuesday night the
arm was in such a bad condition that
he sent for a physician, who told him
he must quit using the punch. Yes
terday morning Dannenbaum reported
his condition to Sergeant at Arms
Lew Martin.
"Why did you allow yourself to be
injured?" asked the sergeant at arms
chidingly. He is going through his
first session. "You should never hurt
yourself here. You should have spo
ken to me sooner."
The tale of Dannenbaum's strange
case soon spread in official circles
and he was the recipient of many at
tentions. A large basket of flowers,
which, it is said, came from Governor
Pardee, was sent to his room. A res
olution of thanks for his unusual ef
forts in the State's behalf is being
framed and will be presented In the
Senate to-morrow unless another jun
keting measure should be introduced
end absorb all the time.
OBJECT TO BOILER. —Tho Supervisors' Firs)
Committee yesterday took under advisement
the proteat of D. Flnnegran and numerous oth
er property owners against granting a permit
for a steam boiler at the corner of Twenty
third street and Treat avenue, to be uaed in
a beer bottling establishment. The protest
ants asserted that the toller would injure sur
rounding property. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 20 ? 1905.
BRIEF SESSION
OF ASSEMBLY
Proposed Trips of Inves
tigation to Distant Points
Still Interest Members
COMMITTEE IS PROMPT
Judiciary Body Recommends
the Passage of Bills Re
lating to Civil Procedure
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 19.—Two shafts
with a deadly appearance but which
will be splintered into several pieces
when the Committee on Rules steps on
them were launched at junketing in the
Assembly this morning. Legislator Gus
Hartman of San Francisco, who is es
pecially interested in the progress of
the breakwater at San Pedro and who
expects to start fur that place Saturday
with the Committee on Commerce and
Navigation, had two distinct strokes of
temporary paralysis as a result of the
resolutions, but McOJowan and others
of the delegation sitting close by
cheered him up and he was rtrong
when time was called.
The first disturbing resolution came
from Cooper of Monterey. It provided
that each of the four committees that
have been given permission to make
trips of investigation select two mem
bers to do the work and that the rest
of the members remain at home. Speak
er Prercott at once referred the reso
lution to the Committee on Rules.
Cleveland of Santa Cruz brought on
the next tremor by Introducing a reso
lution that the committees be allowed
only their actual transportation and no
further expenses. This was also re
ferred to the Committee on Rules.
Mindham of San Francisco produced
a laugh by submitting a resolution
drawn up by Jones of the same city
providing that Assemblymen Cooper,
Cleveland, Chandler and Johnstone,
who are on record as opposing the
Junketing trops, "be appointed a com
mittee to visit the base of Mount Shas
ta and ascertain whether the Govern
ment monuments placed there by the
I'nited States Government in 1553 are
still intact."
"I think the resolution should go to
the t Committee on Ventilation and
Acoustics and that the clerk should
omit to enter it in the Journal," said the
Speaker.
The document was not made a part
of ihe record.
The Judiciary Committee, through its
chairman. Assemblyman Duryea, re
ported a large number of bills for pas
sage. Most of them related to civil
procedure. It is evidenj that legisla
tion is to be facilitated this session by
the prompt work of this committee.
The chairman has lost no time in get
ting it to work, and it has already
glveji attention to a large number of
the bills referred to it. The Assembly,
too, has operated with rapidity during
the times it has been in session to date,
no members having as yet developed a
tendency for captious debate. Later on,
though, when the more important
measures, dealing with diverse inter
ests, come up there will be necessary
debate and the wheels of legislation
will not revolve so fast. "
Anthony's adjournment motion to
day named 10 o'clock as the hour of
convening to-morrow.
PROPOSED FREE MARKET.
Measure Providing for Its Establish
ment Introduced in Both Houses.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 19.—A bill
providing for the establishment on the
water front of San Francisco of a free
market for perishable products was
introduced in both houses this morn
ing, Diggs of Marysvlile being its
sponsor in the Senate and Hawkins of
Woodland in the lower house. The
bill has many features different from
any embodied in previous measures of
this nature.
It is provided that the market, if
established, shall be in charge of six
district commissioners and one gen
eral commissioner, who shall be the
president, this commission to be re
sponsible to the Harbor Board. The
district commissioners shall grade all
the goods sent by producers to be
sold and shrill fix the market prices.
Eggs, poultry and butter, it is pro
vided, shall be sold by weight.
Under the terms of the bill the
Board of Harbor Commissioners must
within a year after its passage set
aside the necessary blocks and parts
of blocks on the water front for the
proposed market. The site, it is pro
vided, must be as convenient as pos
sible to the wholesale district, and the
piers and docks to be used must be
accessible to all water craft. Vessels
laden with produce for the market
must be given preference at these
piers. No partiality shall be shown
to any holders of space in the market.
The Harbor Board must inclose the
free market and construct such tram
ways and tracks as may be necessary.
The counties are divided up as fol
lows in the construction of the six dis
tricts:
First—Del Norte, Humboldt. Mendocino,
Lake, Olenn, Butte. Plumas, Tehama, Shasta
Lassen, Modoc and Siskiyou.
Second —Sonoma, Napa, Marin, Tolo, Co
lusa, Sutter, Yuba, Sierra. Nevada and Placer.
Third —El Dorado, Alpine, Amador, Calav
eras, Sacramento. San Joaquin, Solano and
Contra Costa-
Fourth—San Mateo, Alameda, Santa Clara.
Santa Cruz, Stanislaus, Tuolumne, Mono and
San Francisco.
Fifth —Monterey. San Benito, Merced, Mari
posa. Madera, Fresno, Inyo, Tulare and
Kings,
Sixth—San Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara,
Kern. Ventura. Los Angeles, Orange, Ban Ber
nardino, Riverside and San Diego.
The salary of the president of the
proposed free market commission is
fixed at 13000 a year and his bond at
$100,000. The district commission
ers are to receive $1800 a year each
and their bonds are to be $26,000. All
appointments are to be made by the
Governor. The president is to have
an office at the free market.
SENATORS GET
DOWN TO WORK
Hold Two Sessions and Give 1
Much Time to Discussion'
of the Junketing Measure ,
CREATES BIG SURPRISE
Shortridge Enters a Bitter!
Protest Against San Fran
cisco Normal School Bill;
Sr*eia! Dispatch to Th« Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 19.—At last
the Senate is getting down to serious
we rk. For the first time since the ses
sion opened the upper house of the
Legislature held two sessions to-day,
both of which were enlivened by
rhetorical flights and exchanges of
sarcastic- thrusts.
The morning: session was marked by
another battle against the junket reso
lution introduced yesterday by Pen
dleton providing that the committees
on Finance, Education. Hospitals and
Reformatories and Buildings and
Grounds be authorized to appoint a
sub-committee, to be composed of two
members of each committee, to inves
tigate the various institutions of the
Str.te, and. though the resolution was
finally adopted by a narrow majority,
it went in with a rider that provides
that when this sub-committee is about
to depart on its journey it must be
first authorized by a two-thirds vote.
Judging by the vote of to-day the
junketers will fail to rally the neces
sary strength and unless recognized
necessity for a junket arises it looks
now as though the hopes of the pro
ponents of the resolution are blasted
f c rever.
The resolution was introduced and
sent to the Finance Committee yester
day without disturbance, owing to the
absence of known opponents to such
schemes, but this morning found Sena
tor Shortridge at his desk, his rhetoric
tugging at the leash and ready for
combat.
SHORTRIDOF IS SARCASTIC. '
"I am astonished," said Shortridge,
"that the Finance Committee, of
which my colleague, Belshaw, is chair
man, has reported favorably on this
resolution. I want it understood that
I am opposed without chance of com
promise to this resolution. However,
I am weary of all the bickering and I
pledge you that if you ever hear my
voice again in the Senate it will be in
favor of or against a matter of much
more importance than the cheap
scheme which some of these wise Sen
ators are trying to foist upon us. I
do not stand here as a reformer. Oh,
no! I hate the very name. I will be
with you when you start to loot the
treasury—when its looting means some
thing for the State, the comfort of the
insane, the pleasure of the blind or
hope to its prisoners." I
"How prone all are to jump at con
clusions," said Senator Belshaw in an
swer to Shortrldge's thrusts. "The
Senator from Contra Costa and Marin
hasn't changed his opinion one whit in
regard to this and similar schemes.
This resolution was discussed in com
mittee, a majority declared in favor
of it and there was nothing left for
me to do under the rules but to so re- |
pert to the Senate. However, I am
personally against the resolution and I
will vote against it on the floor as is
m: right, the report of the committee
of which I am chairman notwithatand- i
insr."
DISCUSSION WAXES WARM. j
Ralston, seeing that things were
waxing warm, entered the contest with '
a substitute resolution, providing that
in event it should be shown that inves
tigations were necessary that each Sen
ate committee should have the right to !
appoint a sub-committee of two to in- 1
vestigate any institution coming under |
its Jurisdiction. Emmons pointed out 1
that the substitute was worse than the
original, as it would authorise the ap- j
pointment of seventy-two men to com- j
i mittees when there were but forty Sen- i
j ators. Markey then sought to force a
j vote on the previous question, but he
, failed and Ralston was permitted to
i amend his substitute resolution where- j
Iby the committees on Education, Yl- ;
j nance, Hospitals and Asylums, i
i Prisons and Reformatories and j
j Public Buildings and Grounds would j
alone be authorized to appoint sub- i
committees to carry on investigations, !
j the sub-committees to* consist of three j
i members each.
j Emmons again objected, saying he
I didn't see why Senator Ralston wanted j
Jto increase the sub-committees ffom \
I two members, as provided in the origi- I
! nal resolution, to three members. Ral- I
j ston explained that he did so at the re- j
quest of the. committees contained in J
| his amended substitute resolution, j
' Then Bauer again entered the contro- |
i versy, asking that the Committee on I
! Commissions and Retrenchments be I
j added to the list. The confusion was |
then complete. A call for the vote on j
i Ralston's substitute resulted in its de- j
feat in short order, and then Pendle
ton's original resolution was put to a
vote.
Twenty-four voted in its favor and
i fifteen against it and it wa.s declared
defeated by the chair. Simpson of Ala
meda raised the point of order, how
ever, that as the resolution called for
no appropriation until the committees
were authorized to start on their Junket
' a majority only was necessary to carry
it. The chair decided that the point
was well taken and' declared the resolu
{tlon passed, saying, however, that when
the committees called for extjenses to
start on their Journeys it wou% take a
two-thirds vote to legalise the war
rants on the treasury. This declara
tion of the chair again took the smiles
from the faces of those that are hun
gering to travel, for they again see de
feat ahead.
The Senate next took up the report of
- THE EMPORIUM.
tw ****** **•
All Trimmed Winter Hats, worth up to $7.50, to close 950
All Untrimmed Winter Felt Shapes, worth up to $2.25.. 250
All Children's Sailor Hats, worth up to $2.25, now 250
StmkAwujtincSale
Interest in our great J.muarv event remlins unabated. In many instances
where "stock adjusted" merchandise has been sold out, as good or better values
have taken their place. / Nt only does the clearance cover everything to wear
and use in the horn?, but m my lines of staple, high-class groceries as well.
Ladies' Suits $10,30 Boys' 40c Underwear
Th-s- ar- worth up to sis 50. 25c the Garment
M«nv oth-r va ues just as Eighty dozen o-arments re,ady this raorn
good at $fo.B'v suso, SIB.SO. ing; a f ine quality Jersey ribbed cotton,
$25 00, arH on uo to f45.00. in a nice shade of light brown; sizes
These suits are a typical va'ue of the 26 «° 34 !t ,o <? ks 5 ?, c underwear;
stock adjusting sale in the women's Wl . n wear equally as well; a greatbar.
department. There are only forty- ? a,n at ., tne stock Adjusting
seven of them left this morning; in sale price.. ..
, . , , , , . , oov» $i to $4 Dith Rones, marked .... Sf.Bs
plain bhcks :nd tans an 1 pretty mix- 5 3 oc s » rißg , :yie GofSh irt,, marked . . 390
tures; originally marked up to y 18.30. EW ai -woo; £1.15 Sweaters, marked. . . . 750
now $TmSO Boys' 10c Collars —Sizes 11 to 14, some slightly soi.ed.
Another line, now being rapidly dimin- othcr> broken me,> g,ch 5o
ished, of tai'or-made walking suits, .
in various mixed effects; orighallv VLf ar „!L Mp Z.°2fl s7
m rked u P to $22.50, now $10.85 a We °* ffj* 0c a %% 75 °
78 Suits, worth $32.50 t-> $37.5f> . -18.50 UJU f 1 *" "OSB, 33G
~L W . -.~ ™ . , „„ . nri tS2Sfe*r These are right up-to-date imported socks,
39 Suits, worth $40.00 to $45.00 . $2>oo WKBLW .., , , .... . , .1
c ■ lL . „ n - 7 - nA MIIWI ,n embroidered llsles, with ilk
26 Suits, worth $;0.00 and $60.00 - $3s 00 laM|M , - ■ _ .. .
A ~ . mMjU cocks; printed game lis.e. handsome
Alterations are extra. fPHR t , «■ ,
, U Jacquard effects, and a very fine quality
. mßLgk of black real Maco cotton; not a pair
The Advance Sale worthunders ° c>the m *i° ri^ot thcm
tf sflafiiT X I4# " d WW&k 7 >c values, tor this li c.. . . 330
i9US Lawn waists Men ' s st,n Bosom shirts -* io °
This is our first shipment of 5000 rip " and figured cfFecU *
spring waists which we have marked Men , s m bmom Shirts ij iu ' n '„ t Btripc ,
at much less than they were rmnufc- < n d figure,. separate cuff* goo
tlll'ei tO Sell for and have added them Men's $I.SO Underwear—Handsome mercerized under
tO the StOCk adjasting Sale. we * r > medicm weight, in nice pink stripes; for this
Pre'tv whit: Uwits, with leg-o'-mu- "', c * garment .; • • • •• • 830
j.i 1 1 j c Men's 15c Initial Handkerchiefs, each Qc
ton and other large sleeves; dozens of Men , B s>c5 > c SuiDenderB< pair
new ideas; tucked, lace or embroidery —
trimmed; md? to sell for 75:, 95c, Ml g* ma g4~ gsg%
$\.2S, 11.35 and £1.50. marked for this event: MWJfO &mCm%)U
50c, 58c, 75c, 98c, $1.25 Th«se are for boys 8 to 16
and worth $3.50 and $4
Bum V&ifs To—Daw The & fSt °ff er Yet ~ 3-p iece,uitj f ° r «g"
ar %M 4 nd 2-piecs tuiti ;or age* Bto 16; strung cheviot; and cassimeres,
in n-at dar« mixtursi and extra well made: a BSm^m
Two tcm~- are -dded big lot of them for
to «ta'«» to-day a* c uch c maU lop Coats and Reefers— For ages 3 to 9 rears,
m id: of good cjvertf, in tan and olive shades; telling regular.)-
YOU W'U b- bound to -everywhere at $5.00 each; •evenly of them «£0 #1/1
SUPPIv ng wa'nU now. ready th» morn ng for . *&mUU
$1.0." for Boys' $1.50 to $2.50 Pants— Knickerbockers
Fancy Mesh Veilings—24 >o in ■ •*>^*^^ , *!^,ML mb ** $ i^^LT l^
7 *c t. ->r >v :i ij4 to n; sailor pants, in blui serge and cheviots, and
plain and dotted effects; Worth 25C IJtg% knee pints for stout boys; sir.ci 10 to 16, al at about on:-ha!f
the yard, for m m w*w prce> pjir , $t,OO
Fancy Drapes-Chiffon and nets. lA .*.**. V: iBSt
yards long, in a line of attractive colorings; j 4.00 Serge now $2*UO
.worth 50c each, for 25c —
— Eggs, 30c Dozen
\Nlell~Niade Wra/BpCr And other big values to-day for home economists.
BSO, 95c, st.to *%^.Tr T r*?. : nd . **T y : 300
... ~ , , ~ , Red Salmon—ln tall tins fjfj
Not more than t .venty of these all to- Puree At Foe Grat , Initead of IJC f g Q
gether, the balance of three big lots; good flan- A: P ine Cream—Per tin To
nelettes, staple colors, all skirts wide and full; Caifjmia Fi g « —i-ib. packages, 3 for 2uo
various styles- with bishop sleeves and tight- J°:!*J J 1 *'"*" El . ,tern ' 7 J h '- ' I *2°
.. . ~ , , fc Boiled Htm Kmgan s, worth 35c, lb . . kSO
fitting linings; worth up to $1 dO each. Finn , n Hld<llef . Tc^,v alMj s .turd» v , lb #7*2
— President Blue Flag Whiaky—To-dir 870
LatHeS' 20C I I A. V. H. Gin--To-day an*
Handkerchiefs j/F*} - m Slturday st,3a
14c each H<>Ck wh!te Wine *
ered, all linen, 100 California's largest- F c -.j—■ ,
dozen added to the Good Claret - Gallon . 400
sale tO-daY AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORK B:ackberrv Brandy — Bet. soo
I the Committee on Hospitals and Asy
lums, to which had been sent Emmons*
resolution calling: for the appointment
'of a special committee to investigate
! the conditions prevailing at Napa Hos
j pital for. the Insane.
Yesterday morning Dr. Elmer E.
; Stone, medical director of the asylum,
arrived in Sacramento to present his
side of the case. He appeared before
the committee and soon convinced the
| members that there was no occasion
; for a special investigation.
I After his statement the committee
; decided to recommend that Senator
j Emmons' resolution he amended, au
j thorizing the Committee on .Hospitals
! and Asylums to investigate the condi
j tions prevailing at the institution. The
j committee will leave here some Satur
j day night during the session and re
i turn the following Monday. If this
i committee finds that the conditions are
I not as represented it will then recom-
I mend that Senator Emmons* resolution
Jbe adopted and that a special commit
! tee take a week to get to the bottom of
! affairs.
I This recommendation met with the
i approval of the Senate this morning,
i and the plan provided for in the com
| mittee's amended resolution was
{ adopted. The Senate also received this
j morning the report of the Committee
on Prisons and Reformatories, which
recommends that the following bills do
pass:
By Ralston—Appropriating $4170 47 to
pay the deficiency in the appropriation
of the support fund occasioned by the
burning of the trades building at the
Preston School of Industry; appro
priating $600 to purchase books for the
Preston School Library; appropriating
$10,000 to build an assembly hall at the
Preston School; appropriating $2500 for
constructing a refrigerating plant at
the Preston School; appropriating $3000
to improve the f water plant at the
Preston School; appropriating $26,000
for the rebuilding and the refitting of
the Preston School trades building; ap
propriating $2600 for the purchase of
bedding and furniture and for repairs
at the Preston School.
The general file was taken up at the
afternoon session. The first bill called,
that presented -by Wolfe calling for an
appropriation of $150,000 for the pur
chase of a site and the construction of
a building for .the Normal School of
San Francisco, precipitated a warm de
bate.
"Shortridge created surprise by en
tering a bitter protest against the bill.
He said there was no, excuse for the
'iXisttnce- of the San Francisco Normal
School and that In future it would have
less excuse than in the past, because
he intended to introduce a bill estab
lishing a training school at the Uni
versity of California. If this measure
carried, he said, he* would then move
for the abolition of the San Francisco
institution.
But Senators Ward, Selvage, Keane,
Rowell artd Wolfe hammered Short
ridge's argument Into a pulp. Wolfe
said that if Shortridge did carry out
his threat to move for the abolition of
the San Francis- 1 ) State Normal School
he had better label the bill "an act
lor the abolition of Charley Shortridg*
from the politics of California."
Laughter greeted this remark, and
Shortridge was plainly discomfited.
When the bill was put to a vote it car
ried unanimously, a roar of laughter
■*nd shouts of approval greeting Short -
ridgo's change of front, brought about
by the avalanche of votes against him.
After disposing of the Normal School
bill the Senate passed Muenter's -bill
amending section 3467 of the Political
Code so as to extend the legal life of
warrants of reclamation districts. The
Senate also passed Pendleton's bill ap
propriating $4150 to pay the claim of
the Citizens' National Bank of Los
Angeles on an assignment of architects'
fees owing by the State on a contract
for work done at the Whlttler Reform
School.
Senator Keane introduced an inter
esting bHI, which provides for the pay
ment of the wages on holidays of all
State and municipal employes who are
employed by the day, thus extending
to them the same advantage as that
enjoyed by salaried officials. To-mor
row Keane will present a bill requir
ing that all electric streetcars be
equipped with air brakes, the measure
being Intended to insure the easier con
trol of cars from the standpoint of
safety and to lessen the labor of mctor
men.
The Senate Committee on Federal
Relations, to which had been referred
the Yosemite and Mariposa Big; Tree
grove recession bill, reported this
morning. Senator Irish, chairman, and
Savage reported that the bill be adopt
ed. Sanford, the third member of
the committee, filed a minority report
against the bill. The bill was made a
rpecial order for next Tuesday morn
ing.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE.
Proposed Constitutional Amendment
Is Introduced in Senate.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 19.—-Again
the Legislature has to deal with the
question of woman suffrage. A pro
posed constitutional amendment was
introduced In the Senate this morning
by Senator Ralston, which, if passed
by both houses, will enable the elect
ors of the State at the next general
election to determine whether or not
the women of California shall be
vested with the right to vote.
The proposed amendment simply
strikes out of section 1, article 11, of
the State constitution the word
"male," substituting therefor the word
"native," the provision then reading:
"Every native citizen of the United
States, etc., shall be entitled to vote,
etc."
Mrs. Austin S. Perry, president of
the California Woman Suffrage As
sociation, Mrs. M. V*. Osborne of Los
Angeles and Miss Mary Fairbrother.
representing the California Woman's
Club, are here lobbying in favor of
the amendment. r
Niedringhaus Loses More Votes.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Jan. 19.—
The Legislature In joint session took
the third ballot for United States Sen
ator without result and then ad
journed until to-morrow. Niedring
haus lost four more votes.
DENVER, Jan. 19.—Elijah Wigslntoa was
fined 1500 to-day by the Supreme Court for
conduct aa an election Judge in violation «C the
court's injunction.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
SOPHOMORES SPURN COIN
AND DEMAND MEDALS.
Anfjru Authors of Football Farce Want Promise Kept
Reject Manager's Munificent Offer of $10 Cash, and Class
Is Split Into Factions Over the Burning Issue.
BERKELEY, Jan. 19.—"Take back
your gold" is in essence the reply three
prominent members of the sophomore
class of the university have made to
Nathaniel Eddy, also a sophomore, who
managed the football show produced
by the class last term.
•The three men who rejected Eddy's
proffer of gold are Hans Llsser. Henry
Finch and Harry Rogers. They were
the authors of the football play and
they scorn pay for their services, de
manding instead that Manager Eddy
shall supply them with medals. These,
they say, were promised the writers
of the class farce.
The class is divided Inifi factions on
the subject, and the issue has become
a burning one.
;The football show is annually given
by the sophomore class of the univer
sity on the night of the day when
Berkeley engages in its annual foot
ball game with Stanford. Last term
the competition among candidates for
the honor of writing the football show
piece was keen. The winners expected
to be rewarded with handsome medals
that 6hould commemorate their vic
tory and their work.
Rogers, Lisser and Finch wrote an
ambitious piece, called "The Men from
Stanford." It was a musical farce,
and so pretentious that the cast hard
ly did its lines and music justice. Hence
the show was not rated as a brilliant
success, though its merits were un
questioned.
The authors have waited patiently
for their medals, only to be informed
by Manager "Nat" Eddy, they say, that
instead of getting the medals they
may divide up $10 as compensation for
their work.
The coin has been refused, the medals
have been demanded, the partisans
have taken sides and the class is now
embroiled in a hot squabble as the
aftermath of the famous football show.
Wants Pauper's Estate.
OAKLAND, Jan. 19.—A petition
was filed with the County Clerk to
day by Daniel J. Donovan, recently of
Lynn, Mass., who avers that he is the
son of the late Margaret Dunn, who
. died a few days ago at the County In
-. • ffrmary, leaving an estate valued at
$5200. He says her right name is
Margaret Donovan, and he asks that
the letters of administration granted
Public Administrator George Gray be
• ' revoked and that he be allowed to
' probate the estate. The Board of Su
" pervisors has commenced suit against
' her estate to recover money given her
under the belief that she was .penni
• less.
Finance Committee.
OAKLAND, Jan. 19.—The Alameda
County Retail Grocers' Association
has appointed a committee to raise
funds for the carrying on of the cam
paign now in progress at Sacramento,
where the association is endeavor - g
to secure the passage of several bills.
The members of the finance commit
tee are:
Alameda—George Morris. Ludwig Warnke
and George Wittman.
Oakland—G. A. Russell W. J. Reed and Mi
L. Dlerssen. West Oakland—H. Duncan and
A. J. Nor. North Oakland—J. S. Wixson, C.
J. Jacobson and M. P. Manning. East Oak
land—J. B. Hopkins and H. turn Suden.
Berkeley—H. S. Haseltlne and J. R Miller.
West Berkeley—C. Hadlen and T. Neilson.
County—J. G. Reed.
Loses Fat Bank Roll.
OAKLAND, Jan. 19- —E. L. Hemln
ger of Toledo, Ohio, reported to-day
to Chief of Police Hodgkins that he
had lost $1900 in currency on his
journey between Ogden and Oakland.
Heminger said he did not miss the
money until after his arrival in San
Francisco and while on the way to
Los Angeles. He returned to-day from
the south and made known his loss.
Heminger was very ill during his
Western trip and cannot account for
the disappearance of his bank roll.
Socialists Will Appeal.
OAKLAND, Jan. 19.—Notice of ap
peal to the Supreme Court from the
decision of Judge Melvin upholding
the constitutionality of the present
primary law was filed to-day by at
torneys for M. Lesser, representing
the Socialist party. He brought an
action asking an injunction to re
strain the City Council of Oakland
frojn calling a municipal primary
election upon the ground that the
present law is unconstitutional.
Has Mother's Consent to Wed.
OAKLAND. J n. 19.—Armed with
the written consent of his mother,
Mrs. H. A. Kenendy of Santa Cruz,
George W. Kenendy, aged 18 years,
got a marriage license late this even
ing and was wedded to Miss Sarah
Molares, Whose parents also reside in
Santa Cruz, at the office of the Coun
ty Clerk. Kenendy is employed as
typesetter in the office of a local pa
per.
MARRIAGE IJCENSKS.—OakIand, Jan. 19.
The following marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Paul Kroehnke, 21,
and Katherine Schuldt. 19, both of San Fran
cisco; Anthony L. Noriega, 27, and Helen John
■ton, 18, both of Oakland: Angus Macdonald,
36. Sau Francisco,, and Alexandria Coates. 31,
Seattle; Fred" Malniae. 22, and Belle Neal. 23,
both of Oakland; George L*wla, 31, San Jose
and Phoebe Friera. 21, Haywarda; Alfred O.
Holmet,, 22, Berkeley, and Nora Bloom, 21
Riverside; John T. Funston, 23, and Jennie E
Reno, 21, both of Oakland.
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL. ADS.
A BEAUTIFUL
PARIS PANEL
PHOTOGRAPH
of Yourself, Taken by the
ELITE PHOTOGRAPH
GALLERY,
838 Market Street.
Free With Every Small Ad la
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
WONG'S WIFE
ASKS LETTERS
Widow of Bookmaker "Re
turns From Scene of Trag
edy to Settle His Affairs
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 19.
Margaret B. Young, wife of Caesar
"ioung, the bookmaker, for whose mur
der Nan Randolph, a chorus girl, is
now confined in a New York jail, ap
plied for letters of administration to
day on her husband's estate in Ala
meda County, valued at over $10,000.
The estate consists of a home in Clare
mont and some horses, remains of a
good stable, and of which Eonic won
the Burns handicap two years ago at
the generous odds of twenty to one.
What Young's estate is really worth
is not known here. His home has a
market value, but the rest of his prop
erty cannot be estimated. He was
considered worth at least $100,000 when
operating his book at the local race
track. How much of that was ready
cash and was lost in the reverses he
is said to have sustained just before his
death cannot be told. In her petition
Mrs. Young states that her husband
has four brothers and four sisters in
England.
NOTED ITALIAN
WILL SING FOR
HUGHES CLUB
BY ZOE GREEN RADGLTFFB.
OAKLAND, Jan, 19.—T0-morrow evening
the Hughes Club will once more, after the
lapse of a year, give one of the concerts which
have been numbered among the important
musical events of the past. This club, which
is composed entirely of women and which is
named for Its director, D. P. Hughes, has been
forced Into a retirement that came near dis
rupting the. organization, for lack of a suit
able concert hall. Their concerts were form
erly given in the Unitarian church and in
variably filled, to the point of discomfort,
that spacious edifice. But the trustees are no
longer permitted to rent the church and the-
Hughes Club, along with other would-be en
tertainers, has been obliged to retire, tem
porarily, from public life.
Recently, however, Hamilton Hall, on
Thirteenth street, has been renovated and to
morrow evening the friends of this popular
club will enjoy what promises to be a fine
programme.
The star of the evening, of course, will be
the Italian barytone, Enearnacao, who. came
to this coast with the grand opera company
now singing at the Tivoli and who Is enjoy
ing a well-earned rest in California. Signor
Kncarnacao is very well acquainted with
Llewellyn Hughes and it was on account of
his friendship for the talented Oakland boy
that he consented to sing at the concert to
morrow evening. The great singer is a favor
ite wtth Portugal's King and wears with
pride a handsome fob chain given him by that
monarch.
The choral numbers for to-morrow evening
are said to be unusually good, and as a Hughes
Club concert is always a brilliant social as
well as musical event Hamilton Hall will
likely be crowded.
The Hughes Club's predicament In having
no tjttncert hall adequate to its demands is
one more emphatic plea for an auditorium in
Oakland and every day the need grows more
urgent.
• • •
It is not generally known that Llewellyn
Hughes was married about a year ago and
now come the glad tidings that he Is the
proud father of a little daughter. This is
Mr. and Mrs. D. P. Hughes' only grandchild
api they are very happy over the news.
Llewellyn Hughes Is now leader of an or
chestra for an opera company, having met
with really wonderful success in Europe.
• • •
Judge and Mrs. Melvin entertained a five
hundred club last evening and the members
enjoyed a rarely pleasant evening. Among
the guests were Mr. and Mrs. Ernest J. Cot
ton, Mr. and Mrs. Charles /"Lovell, Mr. and
Mrs Frederick Dallam, Mr. and Mrs. George
Borneman, Mr. and Mrs. McLaren, Mr. and
Mrs. L L. Bromwell and Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Kelly.
see
Miss Sallle Worley, one of the most recently
engaged girls, Is the motive for much delicious
planning on the part of her friends. Tester
day Miss Ida Grossmeyer gave a stocking
shower, In which a merry coterie of Miss
Worley'a friends participated, and to-day she
was the guest of honor at a luncheon given
by Mrs. Oscar Luning, which was one of the
prettiest affairs of the season. Pink—an ex
quisite rose tint—was the initial color tone.
La France roses and ribbons blending in a
harmonious ensemble under the pink glow of
many shaded candles. Covers were laid for
Miss Worley, Miss Charlotte Elsey, Miss Es
telle Ferrin, Miss Beatrice Fife. Miss Blanch
ard, Mrs. F. R. Chaflwlck, Miss Ida Gross
meyer, Miss Belle Gillespie, Miss Estelle
Kleeman and the hostess.
Among the guests at Miss Grossmeyer* ■ yes
terday were Miss Sallle Worley, Miss Florence
Sloper, Miss Isabel Scupham, Miss Charlotte
Elsey, Miss Gursle Wellman, Miss Carolyn
Wellman, Miss Ivy Ralph, Miss Edna Ralph,
Miss Vera Jones, Miss Wheeler of San Fran
cisco, Miss Mabel Gray, Miss Belle Gillespie,
Miss McPike Miss Slater, Miss Loretta White.
• • •
Miss Carrie Haven is on the ere of de
parture for a long stay abroad with her par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. C. D. Haven, and was the
recipient of a pretty farewell compliment thia
afternoon, when Mrs. Harry Bast Miller en
tertained In her honor. v
•• • *
Among the Oaklanders who heard Tetraz
zini in "Lucia dl Lammermoor" Tuesday
evening were Mrs. John Bake well. Mr. and
Mrs. William R. Davis, Mr. and Mrs. George
Lowden, Mr. Phelps. Mrs. William Cllft. Mr.
and Mrs. Lee Cole Bumham and Miss Grace
Wishaar.
• • »
The Wellbye* will entertain friends at din
ner .Saturday evening.
Noted Lecturer to Speak.
OAKLAND, Jan. 19.— T. W. Glover,
a well-known lecturer from New Zea
land, will lecture at the headquarters
of the Central Labor Council next
Tuesday evening. He will tell of the
conditions in New Zealand and will
speak of government .ownership of
railroads and telegraph systems. The
public is invited;
Secret Marriage Is Announced.
OAKLAND, Jan. 19.—Mrs. A. J.
Yerrick, widow of the late A. J. Yer
ritk, former superintendent of the
San Francisco, Oakland and San Jose
iMilroad, and H. C. McAtee, a con
ductor on the Key Route system, were
quietly married in San Jose a few days
ago. The wedding was kept a secret
until this morning
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 20, 1905.
DRIFT ON BAY
DURING NIGHT
Three Boys Take a Boat and
Set Out on, a Voyage That
Ends in Alameda City Jail
ALAMEDA, Jan. 19.—After taking a
small boat that did not belong to them
and stocking the little craft with pro
visions, three lads, Samuel Harvey,
Louis Unthank-and Douglas Wood, act
out to explore the Bay of San Fran
Cisco. They were driven over to Hun
ters Point in a stiff, cold blow durinr;
the night, and It was only by constant
bailing on the return trip that the
youthful sailors kept the frail vessel
afloat and beached her at the West
End. They were exhausted when they
reached the shore. To-day the lads
were taken into custody by Detective
George Brown on complaint of J. S.
Holmstrand, the owner of the boat,
who charges the youths with petty lar
ceny. He says they made use of his
craft without his permission, and that
in beaching the boat they stove in one
side.
City Justice R. B. Tappan, before
whom the accused boys appeared, lec
tured them severely, and said that he
would be guided in the disposition of
their cases by the District Attorney's
office. It is probable that the young
defendants, none of whom is over six
teen years of age, will be remanded to
the Juvenile Court.
UNIVERSITY
PISTOL CLUB
TO BE FORMED
BERKELEY, Jan. 18.—A call has been Is
sued by Captain S. Montgomery of the rifle
team at the university for a meeting next
Saturday afternoon at Bachelordon Hall of all
men who wish to Join, a university pistol club
to be organized at that time. The riflemen
"believe that pistol practice wjll improve their
aim and era enthusiastically in favor of Cap-
tain Montgomery.'s scheme. A fifty-yard range
will be rented at Shell Mound Park, adjacent
to the rifle ranges, for practice. The members
will provide a medal for the best marksman.
As soon as the Junior shoot is over rifle prac
tice will begin. Captain Montgomery Is trying
to secure the long-barreled Sprlngflelds for use
this year. It Is believed that fifteen of these
weapons would enable the team to raise the
intercollegiate score ten points out of 600. The
University Cadets were defeated last year,
hence their anxiety to retrieve laurels lost
The university authorities have made a new
rule that hereafter all student* desiring to use
the armory lockers must pay a fee of $1 a
year. Captain J. T. Nance has Issued an order
embodying the new regulation. Hitherto the
men have used the lockers without charge.
Miss Ruth Rouse of England, assistant seo
•retary of the World Christian Student Federa
tion, is visiting the unvarsity this week. She
will be given a reception by the T. W. C. A
Friday afternoon at Stiles Hall. She will be
the principal speaker next Sunday afternoon at
a Joint meeting of the Y. M. C. A. and Y. W.
C. A. of the university in Stiles Hall.
The university library has been enriched
during the last week by the addition of new
and valuable books from Germany. A set of
German Shakespeare Geselltflaft of thirty-six
volumes has come, and two folio volumes of
Plato Codex Oxonlenses Clarklanua, probably
the only volumes of their kind in America.
They consist of fae-slmlles of the original
manuscript of Plato's works.
The College of Commerce Club Is planning
Interesting trips this term to the Kern River
oil fields, the Standard Oil Works at Point
Richmond, the Judson Iron Works and other
large manufactories of the State. President
H. L. Stoddard Is to call a meeting of the club
soon to arrange the itinerary for these trips.
New Infantry drill regulations have been re
ceived by Captain Nance, Instructor in military
tactics, and these will be used by the cadets
of the university in all their military work.
The drill regulations now in us* at the uni
versity are of the year 1901.
Officers Are Installed.
OAKLAND, Jan. 19.—Argonaut
Tent No. 23. K. O. T. M., installed
the following officers at the la%t meet
ing: Past commander, S. H. Stewart;
commander, B. L Ernest; lieutenant
commander, B. A. Kline; captain, Er
win Schaffer; sergeant, T. P. Gray; M.
of A., P. A. Hooper; first M. of G. C.,
H. Bushman; second M. of G., A.
Johnson; sentinel, W. P. Rigney;
picket, James Winchester Sr. Great
Commander S. D. Hall officiated as
installing officer.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
BAKERY WAGON DRIVER ROBBED.—
Oakland, Jan. 19. —Frank B. Adama, driver
for Simcklns & Thorp, pie bakers, has reported
to the police that he was held up at 6 o'clock
this morning by a masked man at Twenty
second and Linden streets and relieved of $40.
HOME ASSOCIATION TO MEET.—Oakland.
Jan. IV. —The Heme Association for Aged and
Infirm Colored People will hold Its thirteenth
annual meeting on Thursday, January 26, at the
A. M. E. Church, on Fifteenth street, between
West and Market. The morning session will
begin at 10 o'clock and there will be afternoon
and evening sessions.
WILL HOLD ANNUAL MEETlNG.—Oak
land, Jan. 19. —The annual meeting of Oakland
Social Settlement Association will be held at
the Settlement building, corner of Third and
Linden streets, at 3 p. m. Friday, January 20.
The annual reports of officers will be read, and
plans formulated for carrying on the work dur
ing the coming year.
AMOS HYLAND DEAD.—Oakland, Jan. 19.
Amos Hyland, who for twenty years was post
master of Lowell, Or., died this morning at
his residence, 678 Seventeenth street, aged 67
years. He had been In poor health for a long
time and had come here last September to
spend the winter. He leaves a widow and
eight children. The remains will be sent to
Lowell. Or., for burial.
MRS. ROWLAND'S ESTATE.—Oakland,
Jan. 18.—Frank W. Sonderleiter, son-tn-law
of the late Florence R. Rowland, who was
murdered a few days ago by her husband and
who then shot himself, has petlUoned for let
ters of administration on her estate. The
property, he says, is valued at about $5000.
The peUtion for letters on her husband's es
tate was filed a few day* ago
SAYS PHONOGRAPH? WAS STOLEN.—
Oakland, Jan. 19. —Eugene Legros, the young
Belgian who stole va'.uaßle bric-a-brac from
Brigadier General Oscar F. Long, was charged
to-day with the theft of a phonograph from
the Columbia Phonograph Company of San
Francisco. The company says Legros sold a
machine which bad been given to him as a
sample after he had been employed as a sales
man. >
• '* •
LONDON, Jan. IB.—Embassador and Mrs.
Choate will be entertained at Windsor Castle
as the guests of the King and Queen for two
days next week.
DIES HOPING
TO REMARRY
Wife's Letters Show That
Reunion With Campbell
Was Her One Ambition
EVIDENCE OF POLICE
Captain Peterson Swears
Defendant •Admitted He
Shot to Avenge Misdeeds
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 19.
The prosecution made a long advance
to-day into the trial of Lemuel D.
Campbell, charged with the murder of
his wife. With the end of the testi
mony of the mother and the father
of the girl, who were cross-examined
for two days by Attorney Frick, a
number of witnesses were disposed of
and. the case adjourned this evening
until next Monday morning.
Captain W. J. Peterson, of the polioe
force, testified to having had several
conversations with Campbell. Two of
the talks were Immediately after his
arrest, and within a few hours of the
time the murder was committed, and
the prisoner told him that he had shot
her on account of her misdeeds, and
the fact that he was greatly troubled.
Several notes were Introduced by
Attorney Frick and showed to Mrs.
Cutler, the girl's mother, for her to
identify as her daughter's handwrit
ing, and marked for identification and
will play their part later on. They were
written Just before the commission of
the deed. One of the epistles is here
given.
OAKLAND. Augr. 28 190*.—My Dear Lem:
I pen you these few lines to let you see that
I am thinking of you and I know that they
could not be In a better place. Lem, I cannot
express my feelings toward you for making
me realize the wrong I have been doing and
I say that my Ufa for the past weeks has been
nothing but happiness and the old vices I
had do not tempt me.
Lem. give me until the rime we set in No
vember and see If I am not worthy of your
love, although I have good reason to know it
Is not the same as of old, but, Lem. I hope
we will have our little home back again and
both be happy and you not drinking and out
baby in it to make us both good.
Good-by. Pet, with love.
Other witnesses called to detail cir
cumstances were: Dr. L. L. Riggin,
who attended both the murdered wom
an and Campbell for the injuries in
flicted by the policeman's club. Sam
Short, a bartender, was called to tell
of the state of intoxication Campbell
was In when he saw him shortly after
the murder. The witness said he had
referred to Campbell as "a crazy
drunk."
UNIVERSITY BALL TOSSERS
TO HAVE AMPLE PRACTICE
Nine Led by "Ham" lb erg Is Organ
ized to Put the Two College
Teams on Edge.
BERKELEY, Jan. 19.—The varsity
baseball team this season Is to have
the finest training experience that ex
cellent coaching and first clats oppo
sition on the field in practice can se
cure. It was announced to-day that a
picked team of professionals and ama
teur stars has been secured to play
in practice with the varsity teams,
both of California and Stanford.
Managei Barrett of Stanford held
a consultation to-day with Manager
Ezra Decoto of California regarding
the neke-up of this picked team,
which will oppose the varsity players
in practice. It was announced later
that the personnel of the picked nine
would be practically as follows:
Ham Iberg, pitcher; McGilvray,
catcher; R. Boettlger, first base;
Spencer, second base; Billy Adams,
shortstop; Al Weber, third base; Os
car Boettlger, left field; Kenneth
Hamilton, center field; "Brick" Morse,
right field.
Iberg is a professional, just signed
by the Oakland bal lteam, long a
pitcher for San Francisco In the Coast
League; McGilvray caught for .Stan
ford last year; Boettlger played for
Portland last season; Weber is an
amateur of San Francisco; Adams
captained California last year; Ham
ilton is a California man, a star per
former, and Morse Is a veteran of the
State University.
This picked team will probably play
two games a week, on Wednesdays
and Saturdays, with each university.
POLO PLAYERS MEET
IN A SPIRITED MATCH
Whites Defeat the Reds by a Score of
* Five Goals to Three on
Clark's Field.
The first of a special series of three
polo games was played yesterday on
the private field of Charles W. Clark
at San Mateo. The Whites won by a
score of 5 goals to 3. The teams were
made up as follows:
Whites—Paul Clagstone, W. S. Ho
bart, Sir George Prescott and Law
rence McCreery.
Reds —F. J. Carolan, F. C. G. Men
zies, Charles Dunphy and Captain de
Crespigny. Umpire, R. M. Tobin.
The Reds started off with a dash,
Menzies, who played a brilliant back,
scoring a goal in the first and second
periods. • Hobart and McCreery esvch
scored for the Whites in the third pe
riod. Carolan scored for the Reds
and Clagstone for the Whites in the
fourth period.
McCreery scored with a good angle
shot in the fifth, while Sir George
Prescott placed the ball between the
posts twice.
Owing to the swiftness of the play
the ponies were ridden out and the
game ended with the fifth period.
The game on Sunday will be played
on the private field of F. J. Carolan,
while that of Tuesday next will be
held on the club field.
Government Officers Dismissed.
DAWSON, * Jan. 19. —A wholesale
reductlqjf in the Government forces is
being made in the Yukon Territory
through Acting Governor Major
Wood. Several departments and Ter
ritorial Secretaries' offices have been
abolished and consolidated under
other offices. Thirty employes have
been dismissed, among them all the
mining inspectors and recorders.
SEEKS RELIEF
FROM REMORSE
Fugitive Forger Attempts to
End His Wanderings by
Surrendering to the Police
ACCUSERS DO NOT ACT
Refuse to Send for a Self-
Confessed Thief Who Has
Drifted Far From Home
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 19.
Pursued by remorse, discouraged and
disheartened, Hyraan B. Rose surren
dered himself into custody at the City
Prison this morning as a fugitive from
Memphis, Term., with two charges of
forgery hanging over his head. Weary
of eluding the police for two years.
Rose said he had given up because the
strain had become too great. Rather
than continue his wanderings he was
willing to take a chance in the hands
of the law.
Rose's efforts to break into prison
failed, but he had the satisfaction of
learning that he was no longer in fear
of arrest. Chief Hodgklns wired the
Memphis police and received the reply
from the Tennessee authorities that
Rose's accusers refused to prosecute
him and would not send for the fugi
tive.
Rose told the police that he had
forged checks for $150 and $100, respec
tively on the Memphis Cider and Vine
gar Works and a Brownsville, Term.,
firm, drawn through the Second Na
tional Bank of St. Paul, Minn. In view
of th<* Memphis reply, Rose was re
leased to find relief as best he can
outside of a convict's celL
STUDY OF THE OCCULT
PUTS STUDENT TO SLEEP
Electric Battery Needed to Restore to
Consciousness Man Who Had
Hypnotized Himself.
PEORIA, 111., Jan. 19.—Benjamin
Coniglsky has just been awakened
from a five weeks' trance, having suc
ceeded in hypnotizing himself while
studying art and the occult at Wash
ington, D. C.
While in Washington and in con
nection with his artistic studies, he
became infatuated with the occul;
and actually hypnotized himself. He
was found In his room sound asleep
and as he could not be awakenetjPhis
family at Peoria was notified. A
brother went on and brought him
back.
Since then he has lain in th!s same
mysterious sleep and was only arous
ed when a battery was applied to his
spinal column. One electrode was ap
p'led at the base of the brain and an
other to the end of the spinvl column
arid full force of the oattery be
ing turned on the patient uwakencd
and the indications are that he will
recover his health.
FIGHT OVER PROPOSED
CHANGE OF COUNTY SEAT
Citizens of Tonopah Want Nevada
Legislature to Confer Honor on
Their Mining Camp.
RENO, Nev., Jan. 19.—The citizens
of Tonopah are anxious to have the
county seat of Nye County changed
from Belmont to the great mining
camp, and a bill providing for its re
moval will be introduced in the Ne
vada Legislature at the present ses»
sion. Senator Oddie of Tonopah and
two Assemblymen are In favor of the
measure, but the citizens of Belmont
and other portions of the county
strongly oppose its removal and will
fight against it in the Legislature.
Those opposed to the bill claim that
Tonopah is hot permanent and that
the county seat should not be moved
from its present location until the
mining camp is proven to be a city
that will last and not only a camp to
be deserted when a few mines are
worked out.
TWO WILDCATS THROW
MANY HOMES INTO DARKNESS
Climb Up Light Pole and. Getting
Mixed in the Wires, Cause a
Short Circuit,
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 19.—Two wild
cats threw every town and hundreds
of homes in the San Bernardino Valley
into total darkness for two hours Tues
day night. Between Ontario and Azu
sa the romping beasts sped up a pole
carrying the high tension electric wires
of the Pacific Lighting Company, got
mixed among the lines, and caused a
short circuit of 15,000 vdltage. It took
a long time to locate the trouble and
turn the current on the reserve wires.
The incinerated bodies of the cats
were found i to-day among the cross
arms on the pole, where electrocution
had ended their frolic. Among the
dozen towns which suffered were San
Bernardino, Redlands, Colton, Chino,
Upland, Ontario and Claremont.
PERJURY CHARGE GROWS
OUT OF DIVORCE SUIT
Santa Rosa Man Alleges That 1118
Wife Secured Her Freedom by
Means of False Testimony.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 19.—Levi K.
Evans was examined to-day before
Justice A. J. Atchison on a charge of
perjury. The complaining witness,
W. E. Benjamin, was formerly the
husband of the woman who is now
Evans' wife. Benjamin alleges that
the perjury was committed by Evans
while testifying in a divorce action
brought by Mrs. Benjamin and de
clares ihat Evans broke up his home
for the sake of securing Mrs. Benja
min for his wife. On the strength of
Evans' testimony the divorce was
granted and the day following the is
suance of the final decree the former
Mrs. Benjamin became Mrs. Evans.
Justice Atchison, after hearing all the
evidence, dismissed the case.
Stone Opposes Statehood Bill.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.—Consid-
eration of the statehood bill was con
tinued in the Senate to-day and
Stone of Missouri spoke for two hours
in opposition to It. The bill for the
remuneration of American fur sealers
who suffered losses because of their
suppression also was debated at some
length, but no action was taken on it.
COMMITTEEMEN
TALK OF PLANS
Republicans of Berkeley Pre
pare for* Their Coming
Primaries and Convention
NUMBER OF DELEGATES
Basis of Apportionment Sub
ject of Discussion by
Prominent Men in Party
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
> 2148 Center Street, Jan. 19.
Republicans of the university town
met last night In Shattuck Hall to dis
cuss matters relating; to the coming
primary election and city convention,
the call for such discussion having been
Issued by the Republican City Central
Committee. Most of the members of
the latter body were present, Chairman
Thomas presiding at the meeting.
Before the committee adjourned Its
hearty support was pledged to the
School Board, a plan to bond the city
for $150,000, the money thus obtained to
be used for constructing new school,
buildings.
Speeches were made by prominent
members of the party, at Chairman
'Thomas* invitation, upon the subject of
apportioning delegates to the various
wards of the town and the method of
the appointment of such delegates.
E. C. Marliave suggested that the
fairest method would be to apportion
the delegates on the basis of the vote
cast at the last municipal election,
using particularly the vote cast for
Judge Lord.
Committeeman A. B. Shaw believed a
better basis would be the vote cast at
the last election for Congressman Jo
seph R. Knowland.
It was argued that the municipal
election vote would not be a fit basis
because it brought out strength in cer
tain wards that were particularly in
terested at that time, while other wards
had no special interests at stake then
and so cast a comparatively light vote.
The discussion was participated in by
Town Trustee Staats, Dr. C. P. F.
Biehl, Major Jensen, Harry Johnson,
Auditor Hanscom and Chairman
Thomas, but action was deferred until
a second meeting of the committee next
Wednesday night.
HARDWARE MEN ELECT
OFFICERS FOR NEXT TERM
General Convention of All the Dealers
Will Be Held in San Fran
cisco Next March.
STOCKTON, Jan. 19.—The next ses
sion of the Pacific Coast Retail Hard
ware Association will be held at
Marysvlile in 1906. The general con
vention of all the hardware interests
in the State will be held in San Fran
cisco at the St. Francis Hotel the first
of March this year. The follpwing
named have been elected officers for
the ensuing year: President, John C.
White, Marysvlile (re-elected); vice
president, A. L. Nichols, Chlco; secre
tary, James O. Gates, Maryrville;
treasurer, William Earl, Chlco; exe
cutive committee—George A. Legg,
Nevada City, and L. O. Johnstone, Ar
buckle.
A joint conference of the retailers
and the wholesalers was held this
morning, but the result of the confer
ence will not be given out to the pub
lic.
BARHAM DIVORCE CASE
ON TRIAL AT SANTA ROSA
Court Grants Request of Litigants
That the Evidence Be Taken
Behind Closed Doors,
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 19.—The di
vorce case of Mac Raymond Barham
vs. Dr. William W. Barham was part
ly heard here to-day behind closed
doors. The couple married several
years ago and for a time appeared to
be happy. Before her marirage Mrs.
Barham was Miss Mac Raymond, a
society girl of Healdsburg. She is the
daughter of Mr. and Mrs, Charles
Raymond. Her father holds a posi
tion in the San Francisco Mint. Dr.
Barham is the youngest son of Hon.
John A, Barham, who represented
this district in Congress for several
terms. He Is a dentist by profession
and located at Yreka. He came from
that city to oppose the action brought
against him.
.♦ . i
TWENTY-TW O STORY HOTEL
FOR BATTERY PLACE
Mammoth Hostelry to Replace Ram
shackle Buildings in New
York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19.—Fashion,
which deserted the Battery many
years will be asked to return to
patronize one of the largest hotels in
the metropolis. One of the blocks
that has thus far been passed over In
the march of improvements—Battery
place, between Washington and
Greenwich streets —is to be the site
of a twenty-two story hostelry.
Old, low buildings now occupy the
block, which offers a marked contrast
to the adjoining blocks, which are
covered by skyscrapers, with hun
dreds of windows overlooking the
park and bay beyond.
The. price paid for the site was
$2,050,000, the purchase having been
made in behalf of a syndicate by Hen
ry J. Mayer.
MAJOR CARRINGTON MEETS
DEFEAT IN ISLAND COURT
Tribunal Refuses to Allow Army Of
ficer to Carry Case to the
United States.
MANILA, Jan. 19.—The Supreme
Court -of the Philippine Islands to
day denied the petition of Major Car
rington for permission to appeal his
case to the Supreme Court of the
United States and asking that the pro
ceedings against him be stayed until
such appeal Is decided.
Major Carrington commanded the
Pnilippine scouts sent to the St. Louis
Exposition, but was ordered back to
the Philippines to answer charges of
falsification of vouchers of the civil
Government to the amount of $ 15(h).
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA,
1485 Park Street.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
THURSDAY. JANUARY 19.
W. H. and Mary B. Lee (wife) to J. R. Mac-
Gregor. lot on W corner of Ross avenue and
Pearl street or Fairtnount avenue. NW 101.12,
S 100 to rsar Una of lot 17, 8E along rear Una
of lot* 17, 18 and 19 with intersection of NW
line of Pearl street, etc, thence along- said line
of said street or avenue, 100:04 to beginning-,
lets 18. 10 and SB 20 feet of lot 17, map of
Keller's Rose Park. Oakland; $10.
Puget Sound Lumber Company to Hans C
Etke lot on NE corner of Lydia and Market
streets, N 100. E 93, S 98:6, W 75. portion of
lots 1 and 2, block H, Curtis A WUUams
Tract. Oakland: $10.
May bell N. Johnson and A. U Davis (both
single) to Katie. Frank EL, Fred W. and
Louise Lents, lotion B line of Myrtle street,
43.1 va S of Twenty-first. B 30 by E 90, portion
of lots 31 and 82. map of subdivision of Watts
Tract, Oakland; $10.
Berkeley Development Contpany to Tlissls
Hihn Ready (widow) lots 82 and 33. block 1,
Fairvlew Park, portion of V. Peralta Reserve.
Oakland, Berkeley arid Oakland Township; $10.
Andrew J. and Annie J. Toft to Christina
Swensen (single), lot on NB line of East Ninth
street, 110 NW of Seventh avenue, NW 40 by
NE 110 block 10, Clinton. East Oakland; liy.
Johann G. and Elisabeth Vogel to William
H. Pennie. lot on S line of Fairvlew street,
115 W of Adeline. W 36:6 by 9 100. portion
of lots L 2 and 8, block 2, amended map and
reeubdivision of Central Park. Berkeley; $10.
Wallace Macgrtigor to Luoy W. O. Mao
gregor (wife), lot on 6 line of Channlnf way,
150 W of Fulton street, W 60 by S 186, por
tion lot 6, block 8. property of College Home
stead Association, Berkeley; $10.
Julia Krevenhagen to F. F. Cmrisen, lot on
NE line of East Twenty-second (Saunders)
street. 275 E from 8E line of Twenty-flxat
au-nue (Alameda). SE 100 by NB 140. lots 86
to 39, block 74, map Northern Addition to
town of Brooklyn East Oakland; $10.
Leah F. Mott -(single) to A. Wagelo, lot on
SW line of East Fifteenth street. 50 SB of
Twenty-second avenue, SE 105 by 8W 140, lots
13 to 16 and portion of lot 12, block 61. San
Antonio, Bast Oakland; $10.
May L and Warren Cheney (husband and
as attorney) to R. A. Berry, lota 1 to 10, block
D. map Crystal Springs Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Florence E. and R. A Berry (husband) to
Warren Cheney, lots 20 and 21. block 7, lots
19 to 21, block G, lots 4 to 8, block C same.
Berkeley; $10.
Andrew and Mattie Holland to Frank C
Richards, rerecord 861 D. 244, lot on W line
of Shattuck avenue, 75 S of Vine street, S 40
by W 185, portion lot 4, block 8, map Graves
k. Taylor Tract, warranty deed, Berkeley: $10.
Henry and Chios R. Ayer (wife) to Marie
W. Williams (wife of J- Paul), lot on SW
corner of Francisco and Mllvia streets, W 90,
8 45. B to W line of Mllvia street. N to be
ginning, portion of lot 6. block B, James
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Lyman and Sarah J. Allen (wife) to Belle
Muscott, lot on 8 line of Rose street, 90 W of
Arch. W 44:7 by S 00. portion of lots 21 to
23, block L map of resubdlvlsion of portion of
T. M. Antlseirs map of Villa Lots, Berkeley;
$10.
Rosa M. Shattuck (widow) and John W.
Haven to R. T. Parish, lot on 8 line of Parker
street, 210 E of Milvia. E 40 by 8 129.65, por
tion of lots 6 and 0, block 11. map No. 4 of
Shattuck tract. Berkeley; $10.
Margaret J. Bamctt to Hugh Ha gen, lot on
S line of Parker street, 183.15 E of Shattuck
avenue, E 50 by 8 135, lot 11. block 1120,
Berkeley property, maps 1 and 2 ot> Blake
tract, Berkeley; $10.
Lawrence Henry and Sophie A. Transue
(wife) to G. Carpaneto, lot on NW comer of
Railroad (or Pacific avenue) and William
streets. W 100 by N 100. lots 18 to 16, new
map of Woodstock mails for Main It Win
chester, Alameda; $10.
Army and Navy Orders.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.—Under
orders of the War Department the fol
lowing named dental surgeons, United
States army, are relieved from duty
in the Philippines division on the
dates set opposite their names and will
return on the first available transport
sailing from Manila to San Francisco,
where they will, report by telegraph
to the military secretary for further
orders: ,John A. McAllister, March
10, 1905; John D. Mllliken, April 14.
1906; George H. Casady, April 21,
1905; Julien R. Bernheim, May J7,
1905. Dental Surgeon Samuel S. W.
Hussey, upon being relieved by
Charles F. Long, ordered to his post,
will proceed to San Francisco and
thence to Manila for duty on the
transport sailing March 1. Chaplain
Julian E. Tates, artillery corps, hav
ing reported his arrival at San Fran
cisco, will proceed to Fort Terry, N.
T., for duty. Sergeant Thomas Brown,
signal corps, Fort Lawton, "Wash., will
be sent to Benicia Barracks, Cal., for
duty. Privates Odle L. Blake and Al
phonso W. H. Wullschleger, hospital
corps, Fort Sheridan, 111., will be sent
without delay to the department of
recruits and casuals, Angel Island,
thence to Manila, Philippine Islands,
on the transport sailing from San
Francisco February 1. Sergeant
James M. Harrigan, signal corps, Be
nicia Baracks, Cal., will be sent to
Fort Dcs Moines, lowa, for duty. Mas
ter Signal Electrician Owen V. Wll
comb, signal corps, Fort Wood, N. V.,
will be sent to Benicia Barracks,
thence to Manila on the first available
transport.
Orders to naval officers—Past As
sistant Surgeon S. S. Rodman is or
dered to the Pensacola, naval training
station, San Francisco.
Committed to Agnews Asylum.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 19.—Frederick
Adams, a carpenter who recently came
here from Aberdeen, S. D., was to-day
committed to Agnews Insane Asylum.
Adams spends most of his time imitat
ing birds and animals. He is u~out 25
years of age.
NORFOLK, Nebr., Jan. 19.—Bernard Mc- V
Greevy, late president of the failed Elkhorn
Bank of O'Neill, who was some time ago
brought back from Arizona to answer charges
in connection with the defunct bank, was to
day bound over until the next term of court.
1 -
AT>VERTISEMENTS.
Skin Diseases
are cured by
Hydrozone
▼ and
Glycozoive
Endorsed by tht Medical Profusion.
By destroying germs, they as
sist nature to accomplish a cure.
Send thirty-five cents to pay ex
pressage' on Free Trial Bottles.
Sold by* trading DrujgWt*.
Mot genuiv* unlesi label bears my ii-nature :
610 Prince Street, N. Y.
Write for free Inrnrm.tt Inn aheet
■ tPXttOIK tint! *ii VI OZOXK.AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENT
CAUSES A DAMAGE SUIT
• ,
Fair Plaintiff Sues Man About Town
-Ll_ J(
YOUNG WOMAN WHO HAS BROUGHT SUIT AGAINST GEORGE WHITTELi,
JR. TO RECOVER $28,000 DAMAGES , FOR INJURIES RECEIVED BY THE
OVERTURNING OF AN AUTOMOBILE WHILE THEY WERE RIDING.
——
". Alice O'Day, the young woman who
•was painfully injured in an automobile
accident on April 1. 1904, brought suit
"vsterday for $25,000 damages against
George Whittell Jr., whose guest she
.was at the time of the accident. Miss
'O'Day says that at the time Whittell
was acting as his own chauffeur and
became reckless in his management of
the auto.
■. In the vehicle besides Miss O'Day
'were Miss Lois Henry, "Billy" Otts, the
boxer, and a professional chauffeur.
•The. party left Oakland bound for Hay
■wards and the accident occurred about
c o'clock in the evening. While on the
•Hag Leandro road, opposite Hawley
.avenue, near the Moss tract, a buggy
Fuddenly loomed in front of the swiftly
moving machine. Before Whittell had
a ( hance to avert a collision the crash
/•ame. Whittell, however, gave a turn
to .the wheel lever as the vehicles col
lided and over went the automobile.
Miss Henry, Otts and the chauffeur
• wcFe thrown out, while Whittell and
Miss O'Day were caught under the
, overturned machine. The Misses Neil},
'two] elderiy women who were In
the buggy were hurled into the road,
. one,sustaining a fracture of the collar
bone and a dislocation of the shoulder,
..the other receiving internal injuries.
"Miss O'Day was taken out senseless,
• with her head and body badly gashed
.and. bruised. Upon regaining con
sciousness she complained of internal
injuries. In her complaint she alleges
•that some bones were broken; that she
was in bed thirteen weeks, and that
' she has become a cripple for life.
The occupants of the buggy were
treated at San Leandro, while the
members of Whittell's party were
driven to Fruttvale, where their inju
ries were attended. Later the party
came to the city and Miss O'Day went
under the care of Dr. S. G. Boyd. In
• August of last year Dr. Victor G. Vecki
•brought suit against Whittell's father
..•and Dr. Boyd for $3000 for services ren
dered to Miss O'Day. Dr. Vecki al
leged that he had been employed by
• Dr. Boyd, acting as the elder Whit
' toll's agent, to perform an operation
upon the young woman. This action is
still in litigation.
Portland Man Is Arrested.
At the request of the Chief of Police
of Portland, Or., Samuel H. Hoober
was arrested last night and held at
the City Prison. Hoober was former
ly "a driver for the Troy Laundry
•Company of Portland. The charge
against him is felony embezzlement.
He is accused of taking $300 of the
company's funds. When arrested
Hoober gave the name of R. H. Bald
win. Detective Werner Is on his way
from the north to take the alleged
embezzler back to Portland.
Improvement Club Meets.
At the regular monthly meeting of
the Point Lobos Improvement Club
■the members resolved to petition the
United Railroads to reconstruct the
Sutter-street line as an overhead elec
tric system. Action on the blue and
red rock question in specifications was
laid over until next meeting. The
club decided to ask the Supervisors to
permit the erection of poles for elec
tric wires on California street, be
tween Parker and First avenues.
ROME. Jan It.— The Italian Government
has issued a decree providing; for the abolition
•f slavery 1b Italy*• East Afrlcaa colonies.
COURT ANNULS
BOY'S MARRIAGE
Suisun Doctor's Son Freed
From His Union With
Uirl Who Is Now Actress
The youthful indiscretion of a Stan
ford student and a girl friend in mar
rying under fictitious names and with-
out the consent of their parents was
corrected yesterday by Judge Hunt,
who annulled the union upon the ap
plication of the husband, William
Downing. The young man, who is the
son of Dr. William Downing of Suisun,
was attending college in June, 1898, and
became enamored of Sadie Ostrander.
They were married in this city by Jus
tice of the Peace Cook under the names
of John Franklin and Sadie Hoyt. Ac
cording to the evidence yesterday they
at once returned to their respective
homes and have not lived together
since. The parents of neither had
given consent to the union. Miss
Ostrander is now engaged with a the-""
atrical company playing at Walla
Walla, Wash.
Divorce was granted yesterday by
Judge Kerrigan to D. D. Griffiths from
Anita Griffiths, infidelity; to Eleanor
Ladd from John S. Ladd, desertion; by
Judge Hebbard to Minnie B. Jackson
from WiUiajn Jackson, cruelty; by
Judge Sloss to Grace L. Davis from
Preston B. Davis, a civil engineer,
neglect. Judge Seawell annulled the
union of Walter W. and Evelyn Cush
lng because the wife had been divorced
and remarried within the year prohib
ited by the old law.
Elizabeth Hurley sued Michael Hur
ley for divorce on the ground of cru
elty. They were married In County
Cork, Ireland, in September, 1901, and
Hurley became Jealous on the trip to
this country. He began then the cruel
ties which have continued to the pres
ent time. Asunta Glometti charges
Giovanni Glometti with various acts of
cruelty, including that of choking her
until blood flowed from her mouth.
Other suits for separation were begun
by F. M. Spauldlng against Mary
Spaulding, desertion; Lenore Vautrln
against Henry H. Vautrln, cruelty, and
Fusakichl Hadano against Chiyono
Hadano, desertion.
COMMITS SUICIDE AFTER
TAKING AN ENEMY'S LIFE
Marshal in a Kansas Town Slays Ed
itor and Then Turns Weapon
Upon Himself.
ELLIS, Kans., Jan. 19.—At Wilson,
Kans., this afternoon City Marshal
Tillman shot and killed Samuel
Hutchinson, the postmaster and editor
of a paper, and then committed sui
cide. Several days ago Tillman whip
ped Hutchinson's boy and the latter
denounced the Marshal in his paper.
To-day they met and quarreled.
GUAYAQUIL. Ecuador, Jan. 18.—A long
and heavy earthquake •Hn C k was fait here
to-day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 20, 1905.
COUSIN ENTERS
SMITH CONTEST
Peterson's Claims Met With
Evidence of Hostility of
the Bead Parents of Heirs
SUPPORT GRANDMOTHER
Prominent Persons Called to
Refute Charge That She
Is Unfit to Be a Guardian
A third element In the three-cornered
contest for the guardianship of the But
ler Smith children and their fortunes
appeared in Judge Kerrigan's court
yesterday and developed more revela
tions. General W. H H. Hart intro
duced his client, Robert Peterson,
cousin of the deceased mother of the
children, who claims recognition as an
outsider who can care for the interests
of the boy and the girl impartially in
case any litigation arises in which the
grandmother or the stepmother would
be opposed to them.
Peterson said he had been a law clerk
in New "Pork and a cook, painter and
coffee seller in California, He now lives
with his family on Second avenue. Wit
nesses, including his wife and daughter,
were offered to prove his fitness to care
for the Smith children, and then a bomb
was thrown into his camp by the
widow's attorney, Burrell G. White,
who called J. D. Whaley to the stand.
Whaley was Butler Smith's attorney
and knew Robert Wilson, father of
Smith's second wife. He said that Wil
son had bestowed $55,000 in money and
land upon his two nephews, of whom
Peterson was one. Whaley, on behalf
of the then Mrs. Smith, had reproved |
the old man for this, and when Wilson
said that he would give when and to
whom he saw fit Whaley applied for .
and obtained letters of guardianship
over him. Whaley declared that Mrs.
Smith, in discussing a demand of Peter
son for a deed to some of the property
given him, had said that she wanted
nothing to do with him —that he and
his brother had robbed her enough.
Peterson was recalled and admitted
that he and his brother had each re
ceived $15,000 from Wilson, but no more. ■
Mrs. Chamberlain, the grandmother, !
j also had an inning. Witnesses who had
I long known to her were called to testify :
jto her fitness to guard the children,
i They included the Rev. John A. Emery,
! Archdeacon of the Protestant Episcopal
I diocese of California; Appraiser John
IT. Dare, Attorney Charles H. Hudson,
j Dr. Howard Herrlngton, Dr. John T. '<
j Vanderlip, Mrs. C. K. Yale and Mrs. :
j Mary E. Howland. Mrs. Howland said
i she was Mrs. Chamberlain's most inti
| mate friend, but admitted that she had
| heard Mrs. Smith say that she wished
I her daughter and the grandmother
I could get along better together,
j Emily May Smith, the ijwidow, was j
! recalled and told of a conversation j
' with her husband a few days after their
| marriage. He had made a will, he said, j
; naming the grandmother guardian, had
I revoked it and named Hal V. Smith
! instead, and then thought neither
would do, intending to appoint Garret
W. McEnerney. The need of a guardian
was settled, he said, when he met her.
The will, made before the marriage,
is necessarily void and Judge Kerrigan
yesterday appointed Mrs. Smith ad- J
j ministratrix of her husband's estate, j
I fixing her bonds at $90,000. She also J
! has special letters of administration i
| upon the former wife's estate, for i
I which Mrs. Chamberlain has applied
for general letters. The hearing will
go on to-day.
MINER LOSES
HIS LAWSUIT
Mono County Lawyer Offers
Temperance Vow to Show
Defendant Employed Him
»
When United States Circuit Judge
Morrow yesterday gave judgment for
the defendant in the case of Richard
S. Miner vs. T. B. Rickey and the
Rickey Land and Cattle Company, he
closed a trial that had several interest
ing features.
Miner is an attorney at law living at
Bridgeport, Mono County. He sued the
defendants in the Superior Court of
that county to recover $3143 as fees for
services in a suit brought by Miller &
Lux against the defendants in Nevada.
Miner's suit was subsequently trans
ferred to tbe United States Circuit
Court in this city.
Rickey denied that he had retained
Miner, and said that Trenmor Coffin
was his attorney in the suit mentioned.
He admitted that he had unsuccess
fully endeavored ta induce his co-de
fendant, the Rickey Land and Cattle
Company, to employ Miner.
Miner Introduced the following docu
ment as an exhibit in the case:
CAKSON, Nevada. July 31, 1902.
During my connection with the caae of Mil
ler 4 Lux vs. T. B. Rickey et al., as attorney
at law, I promts* and agree with said T. B.
Rickey not to drink any Intoxicating liquor
without th«> consent of said T. B. Rickey, and
should I violate this agreement I further agree
to pay said T. B. Rickey the sum of one
thousand dollars in gold coin of the United
SUtes of America. RICHARD S. MINER.
Witnessed by Trenmor Coffin
Miner explained that while traveling
on the isthmus he contracted Panama
fever, and his physician prescribed
whisky as a steady medicine to drive
out the disease. Miner followed the
doctor's advice for twelve years. At
the end of that period he signed the
agreement Just quoted, and since then
had never tasted alcohol.
Judge Morrow decided that Miner
had failed to prove that he had been
employed defendants, and gave
Judgment accordingly.
Excursion to Grand Canyon.
|30 for the round trip, leaving: San
Francisco Monday. January 23rd. and
good for ten days return. Tickets good
on California Limited train. Two trains
a day to the Canyon. "El Tovar." the
new hotel, is now open. Now is the time
to see the greatest sight In the world—
the wonderful Grand Canyon of Arizona.
Full information at the Santa Fe office,
641 Market street. ' •
Handsome, Perfect Pitting The Biff StOre'S Great* BijC "Monarch" &. "Standard"
Golf Shirts « t* j a 2 c 1 Golf Shirts
January Reduction Sale ~ 75c _
our Regular 50c, 65c a„d 75c This * Our Greatest and Most Successful Sole Re4uc€d $130
Golf shirts It Eclipses All Its Predecessors for Liberality—
——— Its Bargains Are the Most Remarkable Ever Offered . Unllllindeped
Mam*c Fin a D>m..l. Thls has b een our most prosperous season. The Increase In our business for the Tine VJlUHUiraereu
rien S rme rercaie half year ending January Ist wa*, extraordinary. Having had fair profits on •fn c. • «
the immense business already done, we can afford to be liberal now—even a sharp W IiITP NnlPT^
!<>»■ °" the Winter goods we have remaining won t hurt. So. in reducing ww v?*&«« I*9
CjLlli Otlll LS prices for this sale we didn't stop at profit—on many lines we cut deep into the
w * w actual cost of the goods to us. Come—it isn't possible to make your money do any- Off./-* _
where near equal service elsewhere. pj Each
££, 3Sc SEE THESE AMAZING BARGAINS IN uuv
Price OOV MEN'S AND BOYS' CLOTHING The Best 50c Unl.«ndered Shirt,
Reduced from 50c and 75c Special Notice—The following reductions are from ■■■^■■■•■^■■■■■■rffcrt
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■w prices that* were oiready the lowest* in the city.
Wr f;' ! n r HMhh Men's *8.50 Winter Suits Cut to *5.95 SZJ^SSH
Underwear B1 «e or Black Cheviot—Single or Double Breasted. ~ Orik OlliriS
St Tsc — Men ' s •IJWfW"- % ££? * 7,85 35c -
Price % <L?W All-Wool 1-ancy Tweeds —Single Breasted.
w we. »,.oo Men's * 12.50 Whiter Suits Cut to *8.85 SS 501
J . All-Wool Worsteds and Tweeds—Single or Double Breasted. Dr. Manasse's Fleece-Lined
Light. Weight. Fancy $|g 0Q Wmtc| . Sufts Cm l() $~ 35 Underwear
V/liQerWeOr Fancy Worsteds, Cheviots and Tweeds —Single or Double Breasted.
s* oo CG;rmtn , Men's * 10.00 Long Overcoats Cut to *7.45 50C C «^••" ,
Price OUv Black or Oxford Frieze —Big, Broad, Concave Shoulders. DouWe Back and Front. The
Reduce from soc g»c Men's s 15.00 Long OvcrcoatsCut to $10.45
Extra Heavy Cotton R bbed Heavy Black Thibet—Stylish and Swagger. "iHM^^MMM
Underwear Young Men's *8.50 Suits Cut to *5.95 w«,i
VI,W Fancy Tweeds—Single or Double Breasted—Sizes 14 to 19 years. V/laderWeClT
Pr!ce 35C Garment Youn9Men'sslo.ooovercoatsCvttos7.4s S aie mm* tiu^
Black or Oxford Gray—Sizes 14 to 19 years. • Price CUv
Reduced Men's $1.95 WorKing Pants Cvt to $1.75 *»» »'•<*>
AM Our 121 c, 15c and 20c The Famous "Stoney Creek" Brand—Best in the World. m - ™!!!! I TTT^T^TTIIT
- 25c and 35c "Monarch"
Fancy Socks Men's $2.50 Dress Pants Cvt to $2.15 Suspender*
Fine Worsteds—Bright, Snappy New Patterns. »
cu,.o 10c Af * Boys' *1.95 2-Piecc Suits Cut to *1.45 c-»2oc p *
Stripes Figures and Embroi- Serviceable, Dressy Fabrics—Double-Breasted—Ages 12 to 16 years.
iaSS Boys' *1.50 3-Piecc Suits Cut to *1.10 ggg SS
Fancy Bartered Cambric and Fancy Cheviots—Neat Patterns and Colorings—3 to 9 years. Hlsh No** » Silk
Boys'*l.6s Reefer Overcoats Cut to *1.15 Neckwear
nanaiierCnieiS Sturdy Oxford Gray Fabrics—Ages 3 to 8 years.
5c ■«* B °y s ' *3.50 Long Overcoats Cut to *2.95 S **- » 5C **
All-Wool Blue Cheviot—Belt Back—Ages 10 to 16 years. Choice orf Any 50c Tie in the
--"ft-'*-"* Boys' 50c to Tsc Knee Pants Cut to 35c , g M
Fast. Black and Tan " All-Wool Fabrics—Checks. Plaids and Stripes. imitation Alligator
Seamless Sox r> j% A. |k| 1/ n n C Hand GripS
at 7V a»* r*v Dl\v j. & 45c
Price C THE GREAT BIG STORE WITH THE LITTLE RENT JusL the Thing to Pack Your
The Best. ioc Sox in the city CORNER KEARNY AND SACRAMENTO STREETS * Lunch in Br
CHARGES FRAUD
AND CONSPIRACY
Stockholder of Ames Mercan
tile Company Sues for a
Receiver and Accounting
The existence within the directorate
of the Ames Mercantile "Company of a
family conspiracy to wreck and de
fraud the corporation is charged.in a
suit for accounting filed In the Superior
Court yesterday by A. M. Bergevln, a
heavy stockholder in the concern. He
alleges that the company's indebted
ness amounts to $200,000, that the credi
tors are pressing for payment and there
is danger of Insolvency. The appoint
ment of a receiver is demanded and an
injunction is asked for to prevent the
dissipation of assets.
Named as defendants are: F. M.
Ames, father; F. H. Ames, son, and
Henry Gray, son-in-law, together with
F. Drew and Henry Appleyard, who
are declared to be dummy directors In
the control of the Ames family. The
Ames company is a New Jersey cor
poration with a capital of $2,000,000. It
does a business on this coast In the
United States, Canada and Alaska. Of
the 400,000 shares in the company 152,
--719 have been issued, and more than
80,000 are said to belc-ng to the Ameses,
while Bergevln owns 26,760.
The plaintiff declares that the busi
ness of the company has been wrong
fully and fraudulently conducted for
the benefit and profit of the alleged
conspirators, and with disregard of the
rights of the other stockholders. It is
charged that the assets have been
wasted and. large sums of money em
bezzled by the defendants In the guise
of salaries and traveling expenses. A
list of these items is given, with dates.
F. M Ames Is said to have drawn
$12,000 as salary as manager; Gray
$10,000 for salary, and expense accounts
include items of $2037, $2901 and smaller
amounts. There Is also a charge of
$276 for mounting two polar rugs. In
addition to the amounts named It is
alleged that other sums, believed to ag
gregate $40,000, have been appropriated
to the personal use of the defendants.
Titus A Wright are attorneys for the
plaintiff.
MRS. BELL LOSES SUIT
TO BREAK FATHER'S WILL
New York Supreme Court Decides
Against Daughter of the Late
Henri Vlllard.
NEW YORK. Jan. 19.—8y a deci
sion handed down at White Plains to
day Supreme Court Justice K-eogh has
sustained the demurrer of the defend
ants In the suit brought by Mrs. James
W. Bell to v -et the will of her father,
the late Henry Vlllard.
The defendants contended that Mrs.
Bell, by consenting in writing to the
probate of the will, accepting the leg
acy and incoipa given to her under It,
and by failure to bring the suit within
the statutory period of two years, had
forfeited the right to attack the will.
These contentions were sustained by
Justice Keough.
GIVE CROSSES
TO VETERANS OF
CONFEDERACY
A delightfully Interesting convention
was that held yesterday at the home of
Mrs. Alfred Hunter Voorhies, when the
Albert Sidney Johnston Chapter, United
Daugnters of the Confederacy, met to
bestow crosses of honor. January 19 is
one of the two gala days in the exist
ence of this society. To-day com
memorates the birthday of well-loved
Robert E. Lee and a day that is ob
served throughout the United States by
every Confederate chapter. June 3 is
the other, in memory of Jefferson Da
vis. Yesterday an address was given
by Mrs. Pritchard. daughter of
Albert Sidney Johnston, an ad
dress that claimed attention and
affection, for the old Southern
spirit never dies. Among those re
ceiving the cross of honor was Thomas
G. Parker, and from the hand of Mrs.
Voorhies. who had met him in 1864 in
Griffin, Ga., where he lay in hospital
after a heated battle. The personal re
flections upon this one presentation
were many and interesting. Other re
cipients of the coveted cross were:
Henry C. Brown,jw. E. Franklin, J.
M. Mullin, William Randolph Old, L.
H. Thomasson, George W. Gretter,
James C. Tucker, Lewis Booker, George
D. White, E. Curtis, Dr. Dozier.
• • •
The Jefferson Davis Chapter of the
United Daughters of the Confederacy
gave a reception last night In one of
the reception rooms of the Young
Men's Christian Association to the Al
bert Sidney Johnston Chapter. The
room was exquisitely adorned with a
profusion of poinsettias. The cos
tumes of the women present were
elaborate. Mrs. Andrew Davis, sec
ond vice president, presided in the ab
sence of Mrs. Sidney M. Van Wyck,
who is at present in Seattle. The pro
gramme was given in the following
order:
Raff, adagio, aehr luatig, moglich rasch,
from string quartet In D minor, op. 77;
("hopln, ia) Vaise in A flat, ib) polonaise In
A flat. Carlo Gentile; Leoncavallo, Mia Bella
Zlngara, from ,- Za«a," D. Vlgllone-
Borghese; (a) Czardas (Fisher), tb) Scherzo
(Van Ooens), Mr. Villalpanto; (a) Contempla
tion (Luzst), (b) Canzonetta (Mendelssohn),
Mlnettt Quartet; address. Dr. C. Calvert
Smoot-
AD V
m^&FT£f\)AilLfmitS women approach with
mmWm^%mV*mTmm* mMW indescribable fear, for
4ilsWafl l sr W i M mT m hT% nothing compares with
MwJM MM M strW M" Mm the pain and horror of
mmm mmT mmm m ch iid-birth. Thethooght
of the suffering and danger in store for her, robs the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the corning event, and casts over her a
■badow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of women
have found that the use of Mother's Friend during pregnancy robe
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and child. This scientific liniment is a god-send to all women at the
time of their most critical trial. Not only does Mother's Friend
carry women safely through the perils of child-birth, but its use
gently prepares the system for the coming event, prevents "morning
sickness," and other dis- _. ~
comforts of this period, TMJK!?mVmMm9
Sold by all druggists at MWMMj M WW ML It
$1.00 per bottle. Book _
containing valuable information free. Mi^M^MmaT'm\MMm)
The BradfteW Regulator C*v Atiaata, G*. F WmM,MmMWMS
COAST SEEKING
REPRESENTATION
An Increase of Membership
for Interstate Body Is
Advocated in Resolution
The Manufacturers' and Produpers'
Association of California adopted reso
lutions yesterday favoring the increase
of members in the Interstate Commerce
Commission from five to seven, and
giving representation to the Pacific
Coast and to the Northwest on the
commission, each to have one member.
This action was prompted by the opin
ion of business men and manufacturers
on this coast that, considering the lack
of knowledge on the part of Eastern
people regarding the peculiar conditions
that exist on the Pacific slope and also
the fact that the commission as now
constituted represents only the coun
try east of the Missouri River, there Is
danger that the ruling that was won
in the fight with the St. Louis jobbers
in behalf of Pacific Coast interests may
be overturned on a possible subsequent
hearing. Should this take place great
damage would be caused to the busi
ness of this coast.
The manufacturers and producers
also resolved, in view of the fact that
the Pacific Coast Is not represented on
the Interstate Commerce Commission,
that it would not be beneficial to /the
commercial interests of the coast to
give the Interstate Commerce Commis
sion additional power to make arbi-
clared that the present interstate com
merce law is a proper one if measures
are taken to expedite the hearing* of
cases on appeal which involves the es
tablishment of a court of transporta
tion, the decisions of which should be
final except In cases where the consti
tutionality of the decrees was ques
tioned.
A resolution was adopted favoring*
the recession of the Yosemite and the
Mariposa Big Tree Grove to the United
States.
MAYOR SCHMITZ HANDS
METSON HIS COMMISSION
Member Newly Appointed to Vacancy
on the Park Board Takes
His Oath of Office.
Mayor Schmltz yesterday handed
William H. Metson his commission as
a member of the Park Commission.
Metson took his official oath and will
be formally inducted to his office at
next Friday's meeting of the Commis
sion. Metson is a Democrat in poli
tics. He is well fitted by experience
to assist in the management of the
parks, having been a member of the
Park Board previous to 1900, when
the charter went into effect.
It is said that William J. Dingee will
In all likelihood be elected president
of the Park Board in the event that
President Adolph Spreckels is not
honored with a second term.
Silence may be golden, but a lot of
talk savors of brass.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers of company, or
for which it is agent, lea-. c
Piers 9 and 11, San Fran-
For Ketchikan. Wrangel.
Juneau, Treadwell, Halne*.
Skaguay, etc., Alaska—ll a.
m . Jan. 20, 26, SO, Feb. 4.
Change to this company's
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver. Anaccrtes, Port
Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, South
Ft*-lllngham. Belllngham—lt a. m.. Jan. 20. SB,
30 Feb. 4. Chang* at Seattle to this com
pany's steamers for Alaska, and G. N. R>.;
at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. By.; at Van
couver to C. P. Rjr.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. Jan. 23, 29, Feb. 4. Corona, 1:30 p. m.,
Jan. 20, 26, Fab. 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Stat* of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon
terey, Sari Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay 9 a. m.. Jan. 22, 30, Fab. 7.
Santa Cms (freight onry). 9 a. m.. Jan.
18. 26.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalls.
Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each month.
For further information obtain folders. Right
Is reserved to change steamera or sailing dates.
TTCITtT OFFIOJfS —4 New Montgom
ery st. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market st., and Broad
way wharves. Freight Office 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
AAsatllAif C afsa «"»»»>. •*•**. «f«
oihm im v urn,
6.8. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Jan. 21, 11 A.M.
S S SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney, Tburs., Feb. 2, 1906. 3 P. M.
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Fab. 7, 11 A. M.
i.D.SPRECOLSk BROS. CO., AiUjlCaMolCS6UHf
ttl mm Offlca 327 Martet St., PUT 7, Paclls
XOSMOB LINE, SAW FatANCDSCO.
PASSE WOE Jl SERVICE.
Steamship "AMASIS" will sail from San
Francisco, February 2, 1906, for Europe via
ports on the west coast of Mexico, Central and
! South America. Steamship "ASSUAN" will
1 sail February 18, 1906. Kor rates and accom
modations apply to LENDAL M. GRAT. Man
ager, 829 Market street. _
COMPAUnS egttlßAT,! TRAKBATXAKTIQOX
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE—Paris. f HVfcp,
Sailing every Thursday Instead of 4KflHp
Saturday, at 10 a.m.. from Pier 42.
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Sec
ond clasa to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building),
New York. J. F. FUGAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Amnts 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
Tor V. m. *•▼» Tard and Valleio.
Stra General Frisbie, Monticello and Arrow,
9 45 aim.. 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m.. « P «n-. 8:30
p m ; Sundays. 9:46 a. m., 12:30 noon. 6 p.m.,
880 p.m. Le*ve Vaiiejo. 7 am., 9a. m. 12:30
Dm. 3:15 p.m. C 6:45 pm_ Saturday), 8 pan.
Sundays. 7 am.. 9 a.m.. 3:20 p.m 8P m. JPlcr
2 foot Mission at.; phone Main 1688. MATCH
BROS, i t f
k
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. BPBJECTEKLS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMI*NICATIONS TO
JOHN MeN AUGHT Man * g g
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
FRIDAY JANUARY 20, 1905
A NORMAL SCHOOL BUILDING.
I—ii —i CONOMY sometimes causes waste. The economy that denies
M a proper building and equipment for the State Normal School
in this city is of the wasteful kind. The salaries of teachers
are not so sumptuous that they can afford any extra expense in
preparing for their profession." For this reason Normal schools are
so distributed over the State that a great majority of those who
attend them can economize by living at home while taking the
course.
The location of the San Francisco Normal School permits over
.one-fourth of the students in the State who are qualified for Normal
training to enjoy its advantages while living at home. The Normal
schools at Los Angeles, San Jose and Chico are housed in proper
buildings, properly equipped, while the State has never furnished any
.shelter at all for the San Francisco school, and has made no appropri
ation for a site or building. These are facts not generally known,
and they should be widely published to inform the people as to the
State's duty to this school.
In order to permit the school to start, the School Department
of this city let it occupy two old and disused schoolhouses, one of
•which has been in service forty years and the other thirty. In these
buildings forty-one rooms were fenced off for the accommodation
of 500 students and the pupils of the training schools. The location
and. nature of the accommodations furnished by these old buildings
may be judged by the fact that the city School Board now needs
.one of them for the Chinese school, and it must be vacated by the
first of next July!
Twice the Legislature has passed appropriations for a site and
building for this Normal school. Each time the bill passed at the
close of the session and died in the Governor's hands, after the ad
journment. The eight bay counties to which this school is econom
ically accessible contain 51 per cent of the taxable property of the
.State. The State has spent .over $1,000,000 in equipping the other
Normal schools of the State, of which these counties have paid 51
per cent, while for the shelter of their school they are compelled to
rely upon the charity of the San Francisco School Department, which
mus* now be partly withdrawn because one of the buildings is
nftcred for the Chinese!
The necessity for trained teachers in our public schools is great.
Teaching is no longer a catch-as-catch-can matter. Formerly a
fairly educated person was supposed to be able to teach. But edu
! cation is not all of it. There must be not only knowledge, but the
faculty of imparting it to others, and of rousing in the young a taste
for learning and the ambition to acquire it. In the Normal school
this faculty is discovered or the lack of it demonstrated. It is a
faculty that must be present by nature in the individual, jyst as
aptness for the profession of law or of medicine must be present to
make a successful career in either. When a school is put under a
teacher, no matter how learned, who has not this faculty the money
that maintains it is wasted, and the pupils are injured rather than
benefited.
In this proper view of it the importance of the work of the
Normal school cannot be overestimated. The highest duty the
State owes to its people is providing properly equipped teachers for
their public schools. The whole character of the citizenship of each
.'generation depends upon the work done in these schools. Its qual
ity is absolutely dependent upon the equipment of teachers in the
Normal schools. For this equipment of teachers there must be
proper provisions, and these are not secured in a building that 11
only up to the standard required for a Chinese school. With all of
its disadvantages this school last year received 28 per cent of all
the high school graduates of the State qualified for normal training.
Yet it is sheltered in buildings that have been condemned by the
Board of Health as unfit for occupancy, even by the Chinese school
unless extensively rectified. It has been the means of raising the
percentage of trained teachers in the bay counties from only 13 to 21
per cent.
In view of all this good work accomplished under absolutely
squalid conditions, a citizen of California should blush in the dark
when he thinks of the State's neglect of its duty. The attendance
of students has been double the capacity of its squalid quarters, and
those who have sought its instruction under such circumstances have
paid a high compliment to its teachers, and themselves deserve praise
for such devotion to their ideals of their chosen profession as moves
them to its preparation under such conditions.
The provision of proper quarters can be deferred no longer. The
necessity of surrendering one of the ancient ruins in which part of
the school is sheltered brings its needs before the Legislature in
acute form. This should be naturally the model Normal school of
the State. It should be so fully equipped that alumni of the other
.schools can resort to it, if they choose, for a post-graduate course in
• pedagogics. It should express in the dignity and fitness, of its
building ami surroundings the position and the pride of the State's
metropolis.
We have many thousands of Eastern visitors here every year
who are close inquisitors into the public institutions of San Fran
cisco and the expression of our civilization through our schools.
These visitors are kept away from the Normal school. During one
of the great conventions held here last.year a party of visitors in a
drive about town passed one of the buildings occupied by the Nor
mal school and the local escort was asked what it was. With great
presence of mind he lied to save the credit of the State, by answering
that it used to be a brewery but was condemned by the Board of
Health. The Eastern visitors commenderrthe vigilance of the Board
of Health and condemned the building. Now, this should not be.
We should have a proper building, that we need not hide. The
appropriation should be passed now so that it cannot be-caught in the
ruck at the end of the session.
SENATOR STONE FOR REFORM.
IT is a sight that must interest the gods and amuse men to see
Senator Gum-shoe Stone of Missouri declaiming for public purity
and proposing to investigate the source of campaign funds as far
back as 1896. His righteous soul is in agony and travail lest some
improper dollars were dropped in the hat. He introduces a bundle
of old straw and flails it with great vigor. The elections of 1896 and
1900 were so largely one way, and that of 1904 so overwhelmingly
one way, that it is a cause of amusement to claim that money could .
have influenced such results. /
The man who will charge, as this distorted Senator does, that I
a majority of 2,500,000 of his fellow citizens were corruptly affected I
•at the last election should be stood in the stocks and pelted with !
deceased cats and things. He is enraged because Missouri did not j
go to suit him. He belongs to the anti-Folk wing of the
in his State. He was elected to the Senate by the baking powder!
Legislature, and when Folk took up that investigation a trail of bak
ing powder led toward Stone's quarters. Now, Folk was elected
Governor and Roosevelt earned Missouri, whereat Stone's gorge j
rises and the results spatter the Senate.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
The man who boasts that he spanked President Roosevelt when the latter
was a boy should take cognizance of the fact that Teddy has Invited Bob Pitz
simmons to visit the White House and speak softly.—Philadelphia Telegraph.
It appears that Rojestveneky's flagship didn't strike a rock. The London
newspaper that invented the story will now get satisfaction by insisting that
the miserable old boat couldn't strike anything.—Chicago Record-Herald.
Why should so much be made of the fact that J. Pierpont Morgan shaves ,
himself once a day, when Uncle Russell Sage shaves several mortgages every j
day and thinks nothing of it—Denver Republican.
The funniest thing about Governor Pennypacker is his idea of humor.—
Washington Post ,
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. JANUARY 20, 1905.
THE COMING
OF GRANDMA
T*ifE man strode toward her with
undisguised pleasure in his eyes.
"Helena, this is, indeed, an
unexpected—"
"Surprise?" broke in the girl, un
mindful of the ambiguity her interup
tion lent to his remark.
"Pleasure," corrected Norton firm
ly. He did not fail to detect an un
dertone of sarcasm In Helena's tone.
She shrugged her shoulders. "Oh,"
she said simply, but that one word
conveyed depths of Incredulity.
"'Going away?" asked Norton, look
ing about for some traveling impedi
menta. And yet—if Helena had been
going away surely he would have
known it.
The girl flung him a scornful
glance.
"No," she said, tapping her foot
nervously on the tiled floor of the
station. "And you?" looking point
edly at the bunch of violets he car
ried.
"I've come to meet a train."
Helena glanced at the big clock on
the wall. "It's six minutes yet," she
informed him knowingly. Since his
arrival her chin had been elevated
perceptibly.
Norton's glance followed hers to
the clock. "Jove! It's in now—my
train," he said, and with a hasty adieu
he rushed through the great doors,
leaving her staring after him dazed.
Again her eyes sought the clock.
No, she was not mistaken. Florence
had wired that she would arrive at
3:10 and it was now only 3:04. "Never
mind meeting me," she had added in
her telegram, but Helena had only
laughed away her friend's instruc
tions. Florence had always been over
thoughtful.
Now she sat down on the depot
bench. Norton must have been mis
informed as to the time of arrival—
he—why, of course, Florence had sent
him word, too. It seemed quite un
necessary to Helena and yet—she sud
denly recalled that he had stopped off
at Poughkeepsie once or twice. She
saw it all now; Norton had only been
coming to see her, taking her out,
keeping in touch with her on account
of Florence. He wished to be wel
come at the Bradford home when the
girls visited them. 'Never mind meet
ing me" —the words in Florence's
message rang in Helena's mind. Why
were they so secretive about it all?
The girl brushed her hand over her
eyes. Was •he dreaming or—oh, she
longed to be at home where she could
bury her head in her pillows and
She started. Coming toward her,
attentively guiding an elderly woman,
was Norton. He held her arm and
looked down into her wrinkled face
with a tenderness Helena had never
before seen in his eyes. Then—he did
not come to meet Florence? This was
j erhaps his grandmother; she was too
old for his mother.
Norton raised his hat and smiled as
he passed her, but Helena stared at
him stupidly, barely nodding her head.
A dark flush mounted to his very hair,
but as he followed her into the car
riage Helena saw him hand the old
lady the violets. The girl's brain
cleared.
How she had misjudged him. Her
heart beat wildly and she longed now
to rush after him and apologize for
the way in which she had greeted him.
But even when she saw him how
could she explain her behavior?
In her excitement and in the rush
of conflicting emotions which surged
through her Helena almost forgot the
train she was to meet. But, girl-like,
her guest was looking everywhere for
some one from the Bradford family,
in spite of her suggestion that none
of them should be there.
"I knew you'd come," she said, after
an effusive greeting.
"Of course, goosie," retorted Helena,
hugging her friend's arm enthusiast!-
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
Showing a chic street suit for miss. It is made of brown serge,
trimmed in bands of the same material, which art stitched
tvith white. A white velveteen shirtzvaist with brown velvet
girdle is worn.
BERTHA BLAKE
cally. "Not meet you when I haven't
seen you for months?"
But all afternoon, above the chat and
gossip incident to her guest's arrival,
Helena's mind reverted to her conduct
at the station. Would Norton ever
come to see her again? And if he did
not, could she afford to write him a
note of apology?
That evening whenever the bell rang
* +
This «as. perhaps, his grand
motheW
4 - r
her heart did somersaults with undue
energy. And when Norton was an
nounced she could scarcely keep her
Joy within bounds. Never before to
day had she realized what a large part
he played in her life; how much she
had learned to believe him hers In
spite of the indifferent manner in which
she always treated him.
Florence was not ready to go down
stairs and her hostess, glad of the op
portunity to see Norton for a minute
alone, preceded her.
"Helena," began the man, holding
out his hand Just as he had that morn
ing in the depot, "I had to come to
night." He searched her eyes, half
looking for the scorn which he saw in
them in the station. He was visibly
relieved, if puzzled, when he discovered
her old sauclness playing in them
again.
"Why?" she asked hypocritically.
"It is for me to ask why—after this
morning," he said softly, and stepping
closer to her.
"Florence arrived this morning,"
Helena began irrelevantly.
The man frowned—not at the news
she had imparted, but at her persist
ency in changing the subject.
"And my grandmother, too, arrived,"
he said.
Helena nodded. "Yes. I saw you."
"I wouldn't have known It from your
glance."
"Perhaps you are imaginative or—or
over-sensitive." the girl persisted, try
ing to make the outcome easier for her
self. She felt —oh, so wickedly deceit
ful; she almost hated herself. Both
cheeks burned and she avoided his di
rect gaze.
"Look here, Helena," said Norton,
laying one hand on her-shoulder. "Why
were you so—so different this morning?
Was it because my dear old grand
mother is so—so different from the
KIT CARSON AS A
MESSENGER.
There was needed a messenger to
the Government at Washington. Who
better could serve at this than this
iron-framed little rider. Kit Carson?
B> started on September 15. 1846, and
had won across the Rocky Mountains
when he met General Kearny's
column and was ordered to return to
California. In this return the Kear
ny column was assailed by the Cali
fornia Mexicans, stern fighters them
selves, who pushed Kearny's forces
into a desperate situation. The be
leaguered troops needed a messenger
out to San Diego. Kit Carson and
Lieutenant Beale of the navy under
took the task. The hardships of the
march wrecked the mind and body of
Beale, who was an invalid for two
years thereafter. It was nothing to
Kit Carson. In March, 1847, he was
started once more as a dispatch-bearer
to Washington. This time he met the
Indians on the Gila, fought them, got
through, crossed New Mexico, descend
ed the Arkansas River and in the
,month of June arrived at Washington,
after having made 4000 miles In three
months' time. The journey requires
little more than three days now; but
we do not make it horseback.
At Washington, as some sort of re
ward for his services, Carson was ap
pointed lieutenant of the Rifle Corps
of the United States army. His com
mission, however, was never ratified,
though this he did not learn until
some months later. He was sent back
to California with dispatches. He
crossed the Missouri River, fought the
Comanches at the Point of Rocks, got
thiough them, passed the Rockies, and
had won as far through as the Virgin
River before he met his next Indian
fight. He and fifteen companions here
stood off 300 Indians. In time he
reached Monterey, and later, simply to
keep himself in practice, took service
against the Mexicans on the border for
a time. /
There was no man of all those
known to the army officers who had
the resources or was so well qualified
as a dispatch rider as Kit Carson. He
was sent back once more to Washing
ton in the spring of 1848. The physi
cal frame of arjy other man except
himself had been by these joumeyings
too far racked to enable him to make
this long and hazardous trip. The
souls of most men would have failed
them long ere this. Yet this hardy,
tiugh little man, just big enough for
steady riding, cheerfully undertook
this third Journey across a continent
a* dispatch-bearer.—Emerson Hough,
In January Outing.
+ +
women we meet here?" Helena raised
a protesting hand, but he hurried on.
"My father, as you know, was a self
made man—and his mother —but don't
think I am ashamed of her!"
Helena's lips quivered and her eyes
burned. "Oh, believe me, it wasn't
your grandmother. I think she's lovely.
I —l thought you had come to mcct —
Florence," she cried, throwing up her
head and looking him squarely in the
eyes at last.
"Helena," the man said, and his
breath came quickry. "And you
cared? *
The girl nodded her head slowly.
A few moments later rhe raised her
eyes shyly to his.
"Don't you think we might have a
matron of honor instead of a maid?"
"She shall be my best man if you say
so."—(Copyright, 1905, by T. C. Mc-
Clure.)
tellThm SO.
If you have a word of cheer
That may light the pathway drear
Of a brother pilgrim here.
Let him know.
Show him you appreciate
What he does, and do not wait
Till the heavy hand of fate
Lays him low.
If your heart contains a thought
That will brighter make his lot.
Then, in mercy, hide it not;
Tell him so.
Bide not till the end of all
Carries him beyond recall.
When beside his sable pall
To avow
Your affection and acclaim
To do honor to his name
And to place the wreath of fame
On his brow.
Rather speak to him to-day!
For the things you have to say
May assist him on his way;
Tell him now.
Life is hard enough at best;
But the love that is expressed
Makes it seem a pathway blest
To our feet.
And the troubles that we share
Seem the easier to bear,
Smile upon your neighbor's care
As you greet.
Rough and stony are our ways; . I
Dark and dreary are our days;
But another's love and praise
Make them sweet.
Walt not till your friend Is dead,
Ere your compliments are said;
For the spirit that has fled,
If it know.
Does not need to speed it on
Our poor praise where It has gone
Love's eternal, golden dawn
» Is aglow.
But unto our brother hers
That poor praise is very dear;
If you've any word of praise.
Tell him so.
—Denver News.
ANSWERS.
PRIVATE SECRETARY—A. S., Cal
lstoga, Cal. The private secretary to
Senator Perkins is F. H. Sawyer, for
merly of San Francisco.
REFUND —T., City. If you have
paid more taxes than you should have
paid make application to the Tax Col
lector, who will advise you as to what
steps you should take In regard to
having returned to you that which you
overpaid.
ELECTORAL COLLEGE—W. Y. U
lone, Cal. The electors of each Stat*
meet at the capital of each State on the
second Monday in January following
the election for Presidential Electors,
when they vote for President aad Vice
President, and certified copies of the
result are sent to the President of the
Senate at Washington, D. C, where the
two houses of Congress in Joint session
canvass the vote and declare the result.
That is called the Electoral College.
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 80 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
THE SMART SET
The Auxiliary of Pioneer Women will
entertain at tea on Saturday. February
4, in PidWr Hall. The convening of
these women means much, for the his
tory of the beautiful and Interesting
State of California is due, in large part,
to their presence and efforts. Idle tea
cup chatter -is not prevalent, for mat
ters of depth and reminiscence are
dealt with, and no present day condi
tion of prosperity or adversity can ob
literate the unity springing from a once
common condition. Diversion by song
will be a special attraction on this date,
for Mrs. Reginald Brooke of London,
formerly a Californian, will lift up her
voice in harmony for the women of this
State, and to express her own stable
affection for her old home. The re
ceiving party will Include: Mrs. John
Burnett, Mrs. T. W. Holliday, Mrs.
Louis Aldrich. Mra S. S. Wethered,
Mrs. J. C. Tucker, Mra Eleanor Martin,
Mrs. Frank Sullivan, Mrs. Brayton,
Mrs. George McNear, Miss O'Callaghan.
Mrs. Leonard Chenery, Mrs. Fernando
Pfingst, Mrs. C. Denarvaud, Mrs. E. B.
Holliday, Mrs. John Gallwey, Mrs.
Elisha Cook, Mrs. Henry L. Dodge,
Miss Mollie Phelan, Mrs.'Jerome Mad
den,' Mrs. J. T. Bucknall, Mrs. William
T. Wallace, Mrs. L. Van Orden, Mrs.
Lowrey, Mrs. Peer Tiffany, Mrs. J. M.
Goewey, Mrs. Jane L. Mantel. Mra
James L. Masten, Mrs. Henry S.
Weatherby, Mrs. Herbert Folger, Mrs.
J. H. Jewett, Mrs. Christian Rels, Mrs.
J. J. Brice.
Mrs. Charles Josselyn gives a tea
to-day, which will be the last of these
affairs for the season by this charming
hostess.
• • •
Mrs. Wlllard Drown will entertain
to-day at a tea.
• • •
Mrs. C. Frederick Kohl will be "at
home" this afternoon.
• a •
Mrs. Clarence Martin Mann will be
a large dinner on February
2 at her Washington street home. Cov
ers will be laid for thirty guests.
• * •
Mr. and Mrs. William G. Irwin enter
tained at an elaborate dinner last even
ing at which were present thirty guests.
The home on Washington street was
converted Into a floral bower, so lavish
and exquisite were the decorations.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Joslah Howell have ex
tended their wedding trip to the City
of Mexico and thence will travel
widely before their return home.
• • •
The welfare of the Naval Club house
at Vaiiejo is being persistently kept In
mind. The attention of the talented
"Say," said a prominent New Mont
gomery-street tailor yesterday to a Call
reporter, "do you know that of all the
modern sacrifices made by the human
body to art, sports, customs and habits
of different sorts, there is one that ap
pears so far to have escaped the news
papers. You have discovered the 'bi
cycle back,* the 'automobile gait,' etc.,
but have you ever her ' of the "violin
leg?' It sounds funny, but it is a
fact that every violinist of experience
sacrifices to his art a measure of his
manly beauty in an abnormal develop
ment of the left leg. I say 'manly
beauty,* because, of crurse, I have no
way of judging of the effect of violin
playing on the ladies, but have no
doubt my theoryXwill be substantiated
there also when the rush is un for the
THE SUNNY SIDE OF LITE
RUBBING IT IN.
Editor—Tou ought to have that poem
set to music.
Poet—Why?
Editor—Because no one listens to the
words of a song.
'. Y. U.,
THE USUAL WAY.
Katharine—My brother's college elev
en drove to tha field in a 'bus.
Kidder—l guess most of them re
turned in an ambulance.
SALLY SHARP
cast who will present "The Liars" is
fast fixed upon the advantages to ac
crue, and from the Interest of the ao
i ciety set there will not be a vacant
i seat -In the Columbia next Thursday
afternoon. Every box has been spoken
for twice over. Those succeeding in re
taining the limited number of boxes
are: Mrs. Eleanor Martin. Mrs. M. H.
de Young, Mrs. William S. Tevis, Mrs.
William Irwin. Mrs. Isaac Hecht, Mrs.
Henry T. Scott, Raphael Weill. Mrs.
H. E. Huntington, Miss Mary Kohl and
Mrs. William Ashburner are among
those who have engaged logea
Dr. and Mrs. Russell Cool will en
tertain next Sunday, giving- a break
fast Involving unusual and merry fea
tures. The guests, who are to assume
the garbs and mannerisms of Dickens'
characters, will take delight In the af
fair that promises so much of a unique
nature. The delineator* are to Include
Miss Maren Froelich, Mr.' and Mrs.
Edgar Peixotto, Mr. and Mrs. Mark
Gerstle, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Deerlng,
Mrs. LfUcy May Hayes, John Hons
man, Jerome Landfisld.
• • •
The members of the San Francisoo
Nursery for Homeless Children, who
held their annual meeting on January
10, reported a very prosperous condition
and are progressing with the new home
at Lake street and Fourteenth avenue.
Nearly a hundred little ones have been
protected and nourished during the last
year, all of whom are healthy and
happy. The public haa been very so
licitous for and generous toward this
home, and the officers and managers
recognise the fact appreciatively.
A dance will be given at the Palace
Hotel on the evening of February 10
by the Alpha Gamma Eta Kappa. The
patronesses are Mra Bernard Faymon
vllle, Mrs. James Potter Langhorne,
Mra, Hiram Warren Johnson, Mrs.
George Henry Luchsinger, Mra. James
Sewell Manley, Mra Louis Flndley
Monteagle, Mra Emmet Hawkins Rix
ford, Mrs Edward Augustus Selfrtdge.
Lieutenant and Mra. Woolnough were
given a musical evening recently by
Mrs. McLellan and Mra. Macrette,
wife and daughter of Colonel McLellan,
at their Union-street home. The deco
rations of cavalry and Infantry colors
were freely mingled throughout the
house, and after the music a dance held
sway for the evening, a stringed or
chestra lending Its fascinating strains.
The guests, of whom there were many
from the army and town set, included
Colonel and Mrs. Johnson, Major and
Mrs. Davis, iLeutenant and Mra Wool
nough, Lieutenant Preston, Lieutenant
Thompson.
THE "VIOLIN LEG."
tape measures as the result of this
story.
"I made the discovery some time ago
while measuring a young man for a
pair of trousers. I noticed an enlarge
ment of the left calf, of which he was
entirely unconscious. I knew he waa
aft inveterate violinist and asked him
to pose as If playing. He did so and
It was seen at once that almost the en
tire weight of the body waa sustained
on the left leg—that being the 'correct
violin pose' as he expressed it—and
that years of constant practice had
made the change.
"In many cases since where I have
found the same development I have
surprised the customer by asking if he
were not a violinist and the answer in
variably has been yes. He haa per
haps thought I had the power to *read
his mind,' while as a matter of fact It
was only Ihe power to 'read his lea;.* "
Farmer—What do you call thet air
hoesl'ess kerage?
Automobilist—l call it automobile-
English, oughto and Latin moveo
(move)—oughto move, but dent.
WHEN DUTY CALLS.
When duty calls, alas! mankind
Is made of such poor stuff;
When duty calls, alas! we find
It often calls a bluff.
ALL EXPLAINED.YOSEMITE PROBLEM
IN NEW LIGHT.
r:Wiffiam ft Miffs Says State Does Not
:fp Possess Titfe to the Valley.
feMeral Grant Is a Gold Brick
•' William H. Mills, one of the original i
•promoters of the Yosemite National i
• Park, and for many years a Yosemite'
"Valley Commissioner, throws new
.light on the proposition to re-cede the
.valley to-the Federal Government. In
'A -letter to the manager of The Call;
•rdr': Mills points out that the sentimen- j
• tal' objection to "recession" is based
.c'h. false premises, inasmuch as the
valley was never ceded to the State of
California, The Federal Government
.••still .retains the title to the land,
whereas the State Is merely privileged
• to pay the expense of its maintenance
es a public recreation ground under
certain restriction. Mr. Mills' letter
.-follows:
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 18, 1905.
.•' Manager of The Call, San Francisco,
Cal—Dear Sir: I see by Its editorial (
columns that The Call is desirous of
" promoting the recession, as it is called,
•of the Yosemite Valley to the Govern
ment of the United States. I trust you
• will pardon the intrusion of two con
siderations touching this matter, which
have not yet been availed of In the dis
cussion. Please do me the justice to
. believe that these suggestions are not
based on the assumption that I might
.'titntribute anything of very great
value to the .discussion of the question;
■nor would I be understood as presum
ing to influence the course of your pa- j
.per in any particular; but I was for
'•nine'years a member of the commission
.to-manage the Yosemite, and was one
•pf the original promoters of the Na
tional Park which surrounds the val
ley. I was among the first, If not the
very first, to see that the control of
the territory lying around the valley
was necessary for the preservation of
the catchment areas in jvhich originate
the streams that feed the falls of that
natural wonder. The whole subject,
therefore, has a degree of maturity in
my mind, and the considerations I
have to offer are:
PROBLEM IS STATED.
First—lf the national premises, com
prising the Yosemite National Park,
.lying around the 33,000 acres which
comprise the so-called "cession to Cal
ifornia" were a unit, including all the
acreage within Its limits—had no seg- i
fegation ever been made of the area \
which was granted to the State of Cal
ifornia—would any man to-day think
ft wise to segregate the valley itself
from the National Park and place it
under the administrative jurisdiction
of California, thus producing divided j
jurisdiction in the Yosemite? I think
it will be conceded that if the Yosemite
Valley were a part of the National
Park no one would deem the sugges
tion of its segregation from the park
\\ ise or tenable, and if it would not be
wise to segregate it certainly is not
wise to maintain such segregation.
Second —The second consideration is
still more important. It is well to in
quire methodically Into the question as
to what we are re-ceding. Such inquiry
begins with the obvious question:
"What was granted by the Govern -
' ment of the United States?" The text
of the granting act may be appealed to
for answer to this question. There was
no grant of land In fee —that is, the
title to the land was not granted.
.There was no unrestricted grant.
There was, however, a trust created In
the State of California, and the limita
tions of that trust were very narrow.
•In their very nature these limitations
constituted an impeachment of the
State. The grant was made "forever in
alienable," which condition was made
in the interest of the grantor and pro
tected it against the misappropriation,
maladministration and unwisdom of
the State. The restriction implied a
want of confidence on the part of the
grantor as to the uses and purposes to
which the grantee might devote the
valley. Presumptively the Govern
ment was unwilling to trust the people
of California with the ultimate destiny
of the premises granted, and guaran
. teed itself against the conversion of
• the place into a hog ranch by not only
making the grant itself Inalienable, but
•' ADVERTISEMENTS.
DO YOU
SHAVE YOURSELF?
THEN USE A
Gillette Safety
£ Razor
(f QoodsSr***^^
Every Day fn the Year^
The best, most convenient and de
lightfully comfortable of Raxors. No
honing or stropping required. Prlflfc
With 12 blades «5.0«J
STAR SAFETY RAZOR—A splen
did one. Regular price $2.00. My
price Sl.^o
OTHER RAZORS, In high-class
makes, as low as :.-*i,V*V
Out-of-town orders promptly filled.
THAT HAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, The Btationer,
1008 MARKET STREET. Opp. Fifth.
SAN FRANCISCO.
-sf*A■ ■m m _3sa Ammunition, Hunting end
I*l I SB. IR ■ Sporting goods. Largest
FtocU. Lowest prices. Send
I ill llli 1 for catalogue.
UUII _jf SHREVE A BARBER CO.
" 78» Market St. and Bit
Kearny at.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
LEAKY SLOOPS AND SKYLIGHTS,
Ail kinds repaired. Globe Sheet Metal Works,
1176-1178 Mission st. Phone Main 5461.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD A ELLIS,
418 Front st., 8. F. Phone Main 1710.
E. C. a ;.
by limiting and restricting the lease
hold rights of the valley. The premises
ceded were not only not granted in fee,
but the trusteeship was restricted to
the preservation of the "cleft, or
gorge," as a public recreation ground
for all time; and even the lease term
was not left to the discretion of Cali
fornia, but was limited to ten years—
a limit which has precluded the possi
bility of enlisting private capital In the
development of the valley, and espe
cially in the establishment of a hotel.
NOT CEDED TO STATE.
In fact, the Yosemite Valley waa not
ceded to the State of California. The
right to pay the expense of Its main
tenance as a public recreation ground
was the only thing granted, and so ap
prehensive was the Government that
evfen that trust might be abused that
a limited lease right was attached as
an irrevocable covenant.
When sentimental objection is intro
duced, on the ground that we are re
ceding Yosemite Valley to the Govern
ment, It is to be remembered that the
only thing granted was a privilege of
paying the cost of preservation and
maintenance of the valley as a public
recreation ground for the benefit of the
grantor, and not for the benefit exclu
sively of the grantee.
TRUST LIMITED.
This was granted In trust with nar
row limitations, and since this is the
only thing granted it Is the only thing
we have to re-cede or re-grant. We are
not re-ceding the valley, for we never
owned It. We are not re-ceding the
control of the valley, for that trust
was never reposed in us. We are sim
ply re-ceding to the Government of the
United States the responsibility of pay
ing the expense of its preservation.
The conditions of the grant to the
State, when properly considered, should
be offensive to State pride, hence the
trust may be relinquished without dis
honor. If the State would repeal the
act by which the State Indicated the
acceptance of this trust, its trusteeship
would close and the original status
would be restored. The fee to the
granted premises is in the Government
and not In the State of California. The
vacation of the trust would restore the
right of administration to the Govern
ment. Those who are opposing the re
cession would occupy a much more
consistent position If they were asking
the Government to grant the Yosemite
Valley to the State of California and
vest In the grantee the title to the
property. This is the only thing the
State of California could accept and
maintain its dignity as a sovereign
State.
Again bespeaking your pardon for
the Intrusion In this matter, I have the
honor to remain, yours very truly,
WILLIAM H. MILLS.
FAVORS LAWS
FOR PURE FOOD
Health Board Recommends
the Enactment of Sanitary
Ordinances by Supervisors
The Board of Health yesterday
adopted the recommendations of Health
Officer Rag an that the Supervisors be
asked to enact ordinances prohibiting
the adulteration of food, cream, drugs
and milk* and fixing the standard of
bacteria in milk at 600,000 per cubic
centimetre. The board also recom
mended an amended and more com
pact anti-expectoration ordinance with
particular reference to its enforcement
in street cars, public buildings and fer
ry-boats and requiring the posting of
notices: to prohibit the evil.
A note of thanks was given Mrs.
Phoebe Hearst for her donation to add
to the comfort of Almshouse inmates.
The newly appointed member of the
Health Board, Dr. Sidney Worth, pre
sented his credentials, which were ac- '
cepted. Similar action was taken rela
tive to the seating of President Maes
tretti of the Public Works Board, ex
officio member of the Health Board.
Police Commissioner Poheim and for
mer Public Works Commissioner
Schmits were also present
The board appointed Thomas J. Far
rell as Chief Plumbing Inspector from
the civil service list at a salary of $115
per month.
Dr. A. S. Adler was appointed City
Physician vice Dr. Purlenky trans
ferred to be physician of the Smallpox
Hospital.
The warden of the County Hospital
waa instructed to receive fifty more pa
tients, provision for their maintenance
| having been made in an appropriation
lof $2000. Florence Bacon waa appoint
:ed head nurse of the operating rooms
in the County Hospital.
< A vote of thanks was tendered to
Auxiliary Inspector M. J. White and
the sixty-five volunteer school inspect
ing physicians, a reference*being made
to the large decrease in contagious die
eases.
The owners of premises at 1613 Leav- '
enworth street were notified to have
them vacated in two weeks owing to
the unsanitary condition of the build- j
ing. The hearing on the proposed con- j
demnation of a house at 2615 Leaven
worth street was fixed for next Thurs- ;
day. _
Columbia School Graduates.
At the graduation exercises of the
Columbia Grammar School the fol
lowing pupils were presented with
diplomas by Mrs. L. K. Burke, the
principal: Annie Gilhooly, Ida Beach,
LotUe Hicks, Alice. Hopkinson, Mar
tha Kasch, Florence Rawson, Estelle
Shear, Edna Weimert, John Atthowe,
Nelson Atthowe, Arthur Felt, George
Graham, Ed Johnson and George ;
Kramer.
The Bridge medal was awarded to
Nelson Atthowe and the Denman j
medal to Ida Beach.
Constipation, the fruitful source of
many other complaints. Is quickly cured
by taking Lash's Bittera * 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 20, 1905.
EXESS FUNDS
TO BE UTILIZED
Windfall for Board of Edu
cation Enables Improve
ment of School Facilities
APPOINTS SUBSTITUTES
Residents Desire the Primary
Classes Restored to the
James Lick Institution
The members of the Supervisors'
Finance Committee held a conference
yesterday with the Board of Education
and Auditor Baehr seeking to arrive at
some agreement relative to the excess
money estimated at $25,000 which will
be received from the first installment of
tastes for the support of the schools.
After the legal phases had been dis
cussed the Finance Committee and the
Auditor agreed to honor any demands
for urgent improvements to school
houses decided upon by the Board of
Education. This action will permit the
immediate construction of the new
four-room Bergerot schoolhouse in the
Richmond district to remedy the lack
of accommodations for pupils there
abouts. Director Boyle was delegated
to go ahead with the work. Sanitary
improvements of the vault systems and
sewerage in some schools will also be
made.
The Board of Education will begin
at once the construction of two addi
tional rooms in the Pacific Heights
School where eighty pupils are on the
waiting list. School Director Boyle has
been delegated to make the necessary
arrangements for the additions to cost
SISOO. The board will also paint the
Richmond and Dudley Stone schools.
A new class in the Hearst and Laguna
Honda tchools will be established, the
latter school having an excess of
eighy-three pupils. The 126,000 avail
able will do much to improve the school
facilities throughout the city, although
the sum Is far from being adequate for
the needs now urgent.
The Board of Education at Its meet
ing yesterday adopted a resolution
that the folowing, being those next in
order in the competitive examination
held June 11, 1904, be placed on the day
substitute list in the order of their
standing: Miss Lottie E. Faber, Miss
Gertrude Walker, Miss Clara Mordecai,
Miss Faustina Spadonl and Miss Cath
erine Manning. This makes fifty-seven
teachers already taken from the list of
successful contestants in the examina
tion last June.
Eighty residents near the James Lick
School "vehemently" protested against
the transfer of the primary classes
therein to the Noe Valley School, as
working a hardship on the smaller
children who formerly attended the
Lick School. The petition to restore
the primary classes to the James Lick
School was taken under advisement.
A leave of absence waa granted Miss
May McDonnell, a regular teacher in
the Denmah Grammar School, from
January 16, 1905, to the beginning of
the fall term of 1906, on account of ill
neat.
The resignation of Miss Haael Berts,
a regular teacher in the Irving M. Scott
Grammar School, was accepted, to take
effect January 16, 1906.
Town Talk.
In this week's Town Talk there are
several paragraphs dealing with amusing
episodes In local society. The Saunterer
tells of the bad manners of people Invit
ed to Mrs. Crocker's tea, of the troubles
of the society amateurs who are going to
present "The Liars," of the obstacles to
exclusiveness to be encountered by Mrs.
White, the new dictator, and of the re
sult of too much wine drinking at a
fashionable tea. Slippery statesmen at
Sacramento are also discussed. Demo
critus has a heart-to-heart talk with Abe
Ruef; Theodore Bonnet pokes fun at the
people who object to pugilism; that bril
liant essayist, Harry Cowell, discusses
"Bohemia, the Beautiful," and Robert
Mace sketches the truly remarkable ca
reer of Senator Mitchell. The big musi
cal sensation of the week at the Tivoli
inspired many interesting paragraphs in
this week's paper and the art of the
great song-birds is analyzed in a breezy
vein.
Nurses Hold House-Warming.
The nurses of the City and County
Hospital held a reception and house
warming Wednesday night in the new
quarters lately opened for their use. A
feature of the evening was the pre
sentation of a handsome gold watch
to Warden Martin W. Fleming by the
nurses and doctors of the hoepital.
The committee in charge of the re
ception comprised: Mra Ida Hamil
ton, Miss Ella Qeary. Miss Dorothy
Burns. Mlas Ivy Maooree and Miss
Ada Dillan.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL—A Bargain Extraordinary
SILK VELOUR COATS
Formerly $13.50, $16.50, $19.50 and $24.50
Your Choice of Them All $ J 0.00
Fine silk velour, with a/rich, deep pile —28, 30 and 32 inches long—the fashionable
lengths. Made in the! popular collarless blouse style, with fitted back and large sleeves. Trim
med with handsome silk braids and fancy buttons. Lined with white or pearl gray satin.
There are only thirty-three of these beautiful garments all told, and the chances are they
will be snapped up by the first thirty-fchree women who see them. So 'twill be safest to come
promptly if interested —and we don't see how you can fail to be. It's certainly the best bargain
of its kind ever offered in this city.
Beautiful Etamine and Voile Skirts
Nine New Spring and Summer Styles Nine Interesting Special Values at
$ 12.50- $ 13.50-$ 15.00-$ 16.50—$ 17.50-$ 18.50-$20.00-$22.50-$25.00
DON'T FORGET OUR NUMBER.
We've a Host of Very New _a % _J% kfk I i A-Pf^ l
"siT'shirt.
Waist Suits fc^^J^^^^B^fjftff^^Asjl
TAKES STAND
AGAINST YORKE
Aigeltinger Introduces Res
olutions Criticizing the
City's Contracting Firm
SUPERVISORS MAY ACT
Board of Public Works De
cides That Company Has
Defaulted Its Agreement
The Board of Public Works took a
fling at the contracting firm of Francis
M. Yorke"& Co. yesterday afternoon.
The Doard complained that the firm
had taken no action in repairing the
streets since December 10 and that
the bondsmen of the company had re
fused to act. After a long discussion
It was decided to pass the matter up
to the Board of Supervisors, request
ing that body to take proper steps to
see that the contract of the firm shouia
be annulled.
Resolutions fully covering the case
were drawn up by Commissioner Algel
tinger and adapted unanimously. At
torney Alexander O'Orady, acting for
the Yorke company, made objections
on various technical grounds, saying
that the company was justified in its
action In not doing work for the city
on the ground that no money had been
paid for several months and that $14,000
is still due. Following are the resolu
tions Introduced by Algeltinger:
Whereas, This board on the 7th day of
July, 1904. did. tor and In behalf of the olty
and county of San Francisco, award to F. M.
Torke & Co. a contract for the performance
of the following public work to be don* In
said city and county, to wit I
"For the repair with bituminous rock of
bituminous rock pavements in said olty and
county of San Francisco from date of contract
to June 30. 1905," and thereafter to wit, on
the 14th day of July, 1904, did, for and in be
half of said city and county, in the manner
and within the time provided by law, enter
into a written contract with said F. M. Torke
& Co., to perform said work in strict accord
ance with the specifications adopted by this
board and referred to in the advertisement and
notice inviting sealed proposals for the doing
of said work and which specifications were
attached to and made a part of said contract,
and at the prices named In the sealed pro
posal or bid of said F. M. Torke A Co. for
said work, now on file In the office of thl»
board and which prices were Inserted In said
contract as a part thereof; and
FURTHER BLAMED.
Whereas, Said F. M. York* & Co. ever since
the 10th day of December, 1904. haa con
tinuously failed and refused to perform the
work bo contracted for. to the detriment of
the said city and county, and failed and re
fused to comply with directions given by this
board from time to time, to perform said work
In accordance with the terms, conditions and
piuvision* of said contract; and
Whereas, The sureties on the bond given
by said F. M. Torke A Co. for the faithful
performance of the said contract executed and
delivered, as required by the charter of said
city and county, or either of them, has not,
upon the said failure and refusal of said F.
M. Torke A Co., performed nor caused to be
performed said work required to be performed
by said contract; and
Whereas. The public interest, safety and
convenience require that many of the ac
cepted public streets of said city and county
heretofore paved with bituminous rock be im
mediately placed in proper repair; now, there
fore, be It
Resolved, That this board doe* hereby de
clare that said F. M. Torke •* Co. haa de
faulted in the performance of said contract
for the repair with bituminous rock of bitum
inous rock pavements in said olty aad county
of San Francisco, continuously from and ever
since the 10th day of December, 1004, and haa
failed and refused to perform the said work
in said contract provided for since and during
said time; and be It further
ASKS FOR HELP.
Resolved, That this board does hereby di
rect the attention of the Board of Supervisors
of said city and county to the said declara
tion of default and recommends to said board
that It take such proceedings as may be
proper and legal toward the formal annulment
of the said contract and the certificate of the
Auditor indorsed thereon provided for.in seo
tlon 10, chapter I. article HI of the charter,
and the forfeiture of the said bond; and be It
further
Resolved. That this board does hereby re
quest the said Board of Supervisors to author
ise it to cause proper and needed repairs to
!•■-• made on the bituminous-rock paved road
ways of the public streets of the city and
county, in accordance with the specifications
for such repairs now on file In the office of
this board after proceedings had and taken
as provided for In section 14, chapter I, arti
cle VI. and section 80, chapter 11, article VI
of the' charter of said city and county; and
to make available the funds necessary for
such purpose, 0J to authorize this board to
procure by purchase or rental the necessary
Implements and machines and purchase neces
sary material to enable it to cause such re
pair* to be made by the Department of Publlo
Works and thereby have the same done more
expeditiously, satisfactorily and economically
than could be accomplished otherwise, and
likewise to make available the funds neces
sary for such purpose.
The board also decided to pave H
street, from Seventh avenue west,
with bitumen instead of asphalt, as
the original contract called for.
Table d'hote lunch, with wine, 400, at
the Terrace Garden, 127 Mason st. *
JOHN RUSSE/Li. HEL^.—United States
Commissioner Heacock yesterday discharged
Mrs. Kate Russell and held John Russell, her
hurband, to answer before the United States
Grand Jury on a charge of being in possession
of a mold for making counterfeit five dollar
gold pieces. _
ARRESTED FOR CRUELTY.—Joseph Campi
was arrested yesterday by Officer McCurrie of
tbt Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals for driving a badly crippled horse.
Campi waa released on $10 cash ball.
BEGIN SIGNING
CITY'S BONDS
Municipal Officials Affix
Signatures to Securities
Purchased by the Banks
MAYOR STARTS BIG JOB
Auditor, Treasurer and Su-|
perTisors , Clerk 'Aid in
Making Papers Negotiable j
Mayor Schmlta, Auditor Baehr, City I
Treasurer McDougald and Clerk Fay
of the Board of Supervisors yesterday
morning began the signing of the
municipal bonds which the bank syn
dicate has given notice it desires to
take up to-day. The aggregate value
of the bonds to be turned over at once
to the bidders is $1,474,000 and neces
sitates the signing by the city officials
named of 6000 documents of various |
denominations.
There was no ceremony attached to \
the signing of the bonds. The boxes
containing the securities were opened
by Sergeant at Arms Anderson and
when the bonds were set out on a
long table Mayor Schmiti said: "Gen
tlemen, get to work."
"I trust that we shall all lire to see
the bonds redeemed by the city of San
Francisco," added the Mayor as he
affixed his signature In a bold, round
hand to the first paper.
"So say we all of us," said Baehr,
McDougald and Fay as they followed
suit
It Is calculated that by working
eight hours a day, as the charter pre
scribes, the task of making the bonds
negotiable paper will consume at least
ten days. It will be prosecuted vigor- :
ously, however, the officials named ex- j
pressing their intention to stop the 1
work only to take necessary .nourish- ;
ment The bonds to be signed are as :
follows:
The entire issue of the Golden Oat* Park
and Presidio Extension bonds amounting to
$328,000.
The entire issue of the Mission Park bonds
amounting to $292,000.
Library bonds of the series from 1906 'to
1922, aggregating $614,800 being 482 bonds
of the denomination of $1000; 206 bonds of
the denomination of $600 and 299 bonds of the
denomination of $100.
The children's playground bonds, aggregat
ing $240,000. of the series from 1908 to 1944,
being 202 bond* at $1000. 48 at $600 and 140
at $100.
The first coupons due on December
81, 1904, will be clipped from the
bonds, the city saving the Interest ac
cruing before purchase.
There are 28,000 bonds in all to be
signed, oovering the entire issue au
thorized by the voters, but only the
number noted have been purchased as
yet. The board will receive bids on
February 20 next for another parcel
of the aecurltlea
"EL TOVAR" OPENS.
Special Excursion to Grand Canyon.
Leaving; at 9:30 a m. and 1:00 p. m.,
the Santa Fe will run special excursion
to the Grand Canyon of Arizona on Mon
day, January 23rd. Only $30.00 round
trip, good for ten days. The new hotel
at the Canyon, "HI Tovar" is now open.
An exceptional opportunity to see Na
ture's greatest wonder. Full Information
at Santa Fe office, 641 Market street. *
Elect New Officers.
The following are the new officers
of the Celtic Union Hall Association
of California: President, John D.
Condon Sr.; vice president, M. Meri
gan; secretary. Jamas F. McArdle;
treasurer, John Mulhern; directors,
Thomas M. Scary, Jeremiah Deasy,
Thomas P. O'Dowd, Edward Fitzger
ald, John P. McGulre, Colonel Thom
as F. Barry, Peter Tamony, P. H.
Flynn, Colonel J. C. O'Connor, M. J.
Hart and Miss J. Dillon. The annual
report shows that good progress has
been made toward the building of the
Irish Hall.
Much of the Success of Leslie
Sterilized Salt Is due to its wonderful puraness.
No contamination. No typhoid germs. Free
running for table. Velvet grain for kitchen. •
To Debate War Sympathies.
A debate is to be held In the Girls'
High School auditorium on Saturday
evening, January 28, between repre
sentatives of the Eagle Sketch Club
and the Hamilton Alumni. The sub
ject is the following: "Resolved, that
the sympathies of the United States
should be with Japan rather than
Russia in the present war." The
Sketch Club's debaters will take the
affirmative. t
APPEALS FROM THE ORDER. —The Fidel.
Ky Funding Company yesterday filed- notice of
appeal from Judge Hebbard's order appoint
lng a receiver for the concern. A previous
motion to rescind the order will be argued
next Monday.
PRAGKRS
Friday Surprise N 0 .2 7
Prices for To-Day Only — Mo C. 0. D. or Telephone Orders.
Women's Four-in-Hand Ties Chinaware Specials
(Main Floor) (Third Floor)
These ties are the popular We give you your choice of
fad; are extra long and made seven great specials to-day.
of pure silk Peau de Soie; the Every one is worth two and
assortment of colors is incom- and three times what 'we are
plete—that is the reason we have asking.
made such a phenomenal reduc- 12c Decorated China Plates.
duction; but the color you de- 10c Decorated Breakfast
sire may be here; _ Plates 5c
if it is you will have #1 8c Decorated Pie Plates 4c
a great bargain; ■■ Mm I decorated Gravy 80w15....5c
regular price 25c; Ml W I2C Decorated Cups and Sau
special to-day cers 5o
■■ *mmm 8c Decorated Fruit Saucers...4c
Mesh Pattern Veils f D « or . atcd Covere d But-
Otetn Floor) ter Dishes 190
We have some unusually .. ,
pretty mesh Pattern Veils, that Men S 50X
are yards long, and have (Main Floor)
pretty chenille dot borders; Men's Black and Tan Sox;
there is not a veil in the entire strictly fast dye; seamless and
lot worth less than J|l with double heels and toes; we
£oc; our special price I*p f will not sell more than a dozen
is pairs to each customer. r>
■ 1 1 11 Friday Surprise, a pair
Persian Kimonas
(Becoad Floor) '"" . _ ~
These Kimonas are made of Bleached Toweling
extra quality Imperial Flannel- (Main Floor)
ette, In beautiful Persian striped A better Friday bargain has
patterns; they come in all never been offered, and at our
sices, and are an excellent value low price it is possible to secure
at 05c For Friday Sur- /> *n exceptional value in Wg
prise we have marked bleached toweling, full ttf 4
them *«r v width, at, a yard,. 1
School h JjM Our
Books and *k Z% | >¥ || \y |. Mm Pure
Supplies of T-Y* Food
AllKmds {Wj AIJWW J%EUABLE
t£* 1 r MARKET&tJONESSTS gg^
Prices AH the chopping Inducements That Have 1 Sf.
Mode This More Popular Are Still Here
AMUSEMENTS. '
OAI lIMDIA m
UULUIWPIA LEADING THEA.Hr
THIS I EVERY I NEXT
WEEK I NIGHT I WEEK
MATINEE SATURDAYS.
Prank McKee Presents
EDNA
WALLACE
HOPPER
—IN—
A I A CAPTAIN
COUNTRT DOUBLE JANUARY
MOUSE. BILE. By
By Arthur Law. | Augustus Barret.
Coming—WILLIAM COLLIER In "THE DIC
TATOR."
MBIiBA la Coming' to the Alhambia.
f 1 CALIFORNIA \
Edward Ackerman. Laaeee and Mgr. aa
GREATEST OF THEM ALL! ■
The Famoua and Original 9
MR JOSEPH I
MURPHY
•I The Legitimate Irlah Comedian In His I
I Great Irlah Flap, n
THE KERRY GOWI
SUNDAY NIGHT —MR. MURPHY IN I
"SHAUN RHUB." S
Hear the famous song, "A HANDFUL ■
OF EARTH." £
A RIGHT ROYAL SHOW.
The 10 NELSONS;
4 Musical Avoloe; Clifford aad Burkes
CRESSY AND DAYNE,
Presenting 1 "THE HEW DEPOT," aad
Orphetua Motion Pictures. Showing
"The Trials and Troubles of aa Auto
mobilist."
Last Times of Eleanor Palkei Chaeelno:
H. v. Fltxrerald. aad Xlne aad Got
thold. _ '
i Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thursday,
Saturday and Sunday.
Prices—loc. 260 and Ma
HiTHVOLIffIW
GRAND
OPERA
IN ITALIAN.
RESERVED SEATS NOW SELLING.
PRICES—S2. $1 00. $1. 50c.
TO-NIGHT. "MANON," with Berilndl as
Manon; Saturday Matinee. "LUCIA," with Te
trazzini aa Lucia; Saturday Night "CAVA
LERIA RUSTICANA" and 'TPAGLIACCI."
with Berilndl aa Santusza and Nedda; Sunday
Night, "RIGOLETTO." Repertoire Next Week
—Monday Night, f Theater Closed; Tuesday,
"FAUST": Wednesday, "ZAZA"; Thursday,
''TRAVIATA"; Friday,
B LYRIC HALL, Will Greenbanns
I BURTON HOLMES
m TO-NIGHT at 8:15
X And TO-MORROW MAT. at 3
1 "JAPAN"
I TO-MORROW NIOHT *<|PFI ANn"
f» FAEEW LL tEOTDRE... IRCLrtrIU
H Reserved Seats At SHERMAN.
MM $1.00, 75c * 600 CLAY & CO.'S.
jCM CHILDREN AT SATURDAT MATINEE ,
Wm FIFTY CENTS to all parts of the house.
Mcl! Racing!
California Club
OAKLAND TRACK.
Racing every week day, rain or shine.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Xdasak Handicap. S2OOO Added, to He Hon
Saturday, Jan. 81.
Per special trains stopping at the track take
a P Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00,
12:30 1:00, 1:30 or 2:00. Returning trains
leave'the track at 4:10 and 4 :45 p. m. and Im
mediately after the laat race. |
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, President.
PERCY W TREAT, Secretary.
WDklyCaE $1.00 Miliar 1
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND Is
MhTINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY
THIS WEEK AND NEXT.
Another Brilliant Success
JOHN C. FISHER'B STUPENDOUS MU
SICAL PRODUCTION.
SILVER "SLIPPER
(By the Authors of Florodora.)
SEE the WHIRLWIND ENGLISH GIRLS
IN THE CHAMPAGNE DANCE.
PRICES—2Sc t 50c, 75c, SLOP
A V P 1 7 A TTkßelasco A Mayer,
ALCAZAR ftfgz.
General Manage*.
TO-NIGHT—THIS WEEK.
Clyde Fitch's Great Comedy,
THE GIRL
MP THE JUDGE
First Time Here of Annie Russell's Stellar
Success./
Bvgs., 350 to 75c; Mats. Sat. A Sun., 250 to 600.
SPECIAL MATTNEE of Ibsen's Masterpiece,
GHOSTS
POSTPONED TO THTJRS- FEB. a,
NEXT MONDAY—Great Production.
THE CON<p< BRURS
Romantlo Military Drama.
CENTRALS?
Market Street, near Eighth; Phone South 533.
Laat Three Nights—Mats. Sat. and Sun.
A WORKING
GIRL'S WRONGS
Prices—Eve., 10c to 50c. Mats., 10c, 15c, 25a.
IMPORTANT—Jan. 23—-One Week Only.
Positively the Greatest of all Biblical Play*.
200 People in Cast—so in Ballet.
Scenic Sensation Never Before Witnessed.
JERUSALEM—TH£ holy city
DEPAGHMANN
PIANIST
Season sale closes 5 o'clock to-night Single
Seats, 12, $1 50, $1; ready to-morrow (Sat.) at
Sherman, Clay A Ccs, where complete pro
grammas may be obtained. Concerts next Wed.
and Frt Ev's, Jan. 25-27, and Sat. Mat.. 28th,
<TMk CREATORE
A nM3 And HIS ITALIAN BAND
TP £MM week commencing
f» aY MONDAY, JANUARY 30.
TmW" MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
i sla gv Beats $1. 75c and BOe.
* Ready Monday.
i
A Splendid Show Every Afternoon aad
Evening la the Heated Theater.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE
RARE AND INTERESTING ANIMALS
IN THE ZOO.
. ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY NIGHTS.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDRKy 5o
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS
FISCHER'S THEATER
TONY LUBELSKI, Gen. Mgr.
HIGH-CLASB VAUDEVILLE.
10c and 20c. Children 10c
Afternoons, 2:30. Evenings, 7:30 and •>
CONTINUOUS SAT.. SI X., HOLIDAYS.
2 to 5 and 7 to 11 p. m.
TEN GREAT ACTS. New Moving Pictures.
Patafp DON T rA,L T0
I aIdWV §cc the beautiful
* COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
aUU > p rt RLOR, the
gy i PALM ROOM, the
ilf/lflU LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU IoR, and the LA-
O a t DIES' WRITING
Hotels rqom -
910
JABEZ WHITE SEEMS READY TO DON THE GLOVES WITH BRITT
SQUIRE JOHNSON NOT UP
TO THE MARK.
Is Easily Defeated
: * by Salable and
Bob Ragon.
Langford James at
15 to 1 Downs
Glenarvon.
BY FRED E. MI'LHOLLAND.
A littJe five-horse sprint down at
the bottom of the card at Oakland yes
terday was the only one on the mem:
tainted with a particle of class. It turn
ed out an acceptable morsel for the
books, too, for Squire Johnson, a red
hot favorite, was sewed up. The Squire
doesn't appear partial to weight, and
. ran third.
When My Order had played out his
string W. Davis executed a masse with
• Salable, the second choice, and with
. out working overtime at the close, de
feated Bob Ragon by less than a j
length. Big Beach, a touted one, scored
a failure.
Favorites gathered but two purses.
Langford James and Mabel Bates were
the big surprises. The track was mud
" ay and the programme only an ordin
■ ary one.
BISY BEE SCORES CLEVERLY.
Charley Patterson's filly Busy Bee,
with Alarie in the saddle, took the
opening scramble for maiden two-year
old fillies. Outfooted the first part
of it by the favorite, Achelita, and by
Southern Lady, the daughter of First
Tenor closed strongly, beating the
latter out by more than a length. Ache
lita apparently ran out on the stretch,
turn or sh*» would have won.
Minder, on Batidor, captured the
five-furlong sprint next decided. The
gelding (losed a mild to 1 choice,
and, taking the lead In the stretch, won
hard ridden from The Hawaiian and
Emma Reuibold. Pure Dale showed
a flash of speed, then died away.
It begins to look as if Mogregor never
would win a purse. The California
stable's three-year-old looked like the
real thing for the five and a half fur- I
long jaunt, and received sturdy sup
port at 6 to 5. After racing San Jose
and Duet into subjection, he was chal
lenged by Michaels, astride the 10 to 1
chance Mabel Bates, and lost the ver
dict by a neck. Duet, played from 20
down to 9, ran a moderate third.
BRIERS OCTFOOTS WAR TIMES.
War Times ran right to her notch,
but proved no match for Briers in the
mile selling fixture. Dr. Rowell's mare
went into the starter's hands aja 11 to 10
favorite, and, perfectly ridden by Da
vis, downed War Times without much
effort.
The going was a trifle too thin for
Barrack, but the old campaigner man
aged to finish third at that.
Even with a pair of legs that look
like Indian war clubs, Glenarvon doped
best for the mile and a quarter run. He
was accordingly hammered down in
the betting from threes to 8 to 5 favor
itism. As is invariably the case. Lang
ford James, a passed-up one, displayed
more speed than usual, assuming the
lead early and dropping in a couple of
lengths before the favorite. Theodora
L was awarded the show over Gin
Spray. r
TRACK NOTES.
"Big Bill" Knapp will be seen in the
saddle again this afternoon, Walter
Jennings and Puerl Wilkerson having
reached an agreement.
Alarie rides a clever race for a boy
not seen in the saddle oftener.
W. Davis was there with two win
ners again.
Fred Koch, a well-known Denver
business man and turfman, was a
. visitor at the track yesterday.
Now it looks as If Davis must have
ridden an awful bad race on Mabel
Bates last Tuesday. She was bet on to
• beat Mogregor and after getting off
•seventh accomplished the feat. Mud
Is responsible for some funny fiipfiops.
Joe Kelly, on Gin Spray, was so
busily engaged in carrying out Glen
arvon on the stretch turn that he lost
the show with Dick de Neffe's gelding.
• Following are the weights for the
$2000 Lissak handicap, at a mile, to be
run to-morrow:
CSaude 135 lEd Unburn 106
Bearcatcher 127 Padua 105
Dainty .* 123 Ishtar 105
Honiton 123 106
Fossil 115(Achille» 105
San Nicholas 113 Royal Rogue 108 •
W. R. Condon ... .112, Captain Fortes 105
it Valentine 112; caliban 105
Ananias 112: Judge 105
Elliott Ulip.rd Cross Nurse.. .105
Stroller HO Shell Mount 105
KenMworth 100 Lady Kent 105
Beau Ormonde 10u Diderot 105
Sais 108 .Tanetierre dOr ...105
The Mighty V* E«herin 105
Martinet 108 The Lieutenant ...105
Military Man 107, Telephone 105
lane of Life 107 Suburban Queen ..105
Martinmas 106 Whisky King 105
Rockaway 106, George Berry 105
Bombardier 106 Pasadena 103
Andrew B. Cook.. .106 Gold Enamel 103
Letola 106 Sir Brlllar 102
Gold Money 106 ; Cigar Lighter 102
Gateway 106 Sea Air 101
Princess Tulane ... 105. CVdarburg ICO
Felipe Lugo IfoVjoyner 100
LeUa 105 Lillltus 100
Tom Slavln lOOjThe Mist 100
Ocyrobe If*"' Invader 100
Evea G 10* Albert Fir 100'
Tjivina 105 The Gadfly 100
Sldonla A 100 Princess Zula 100 j
Borghesl 105 Edrodun 100 |
FlrwS Torpedo . - .106 Lucrece 100 j
Instructor X's Squire Johnson 100 1
Yeliowtail 105 Lillian Ayre* 100 i
The Lady Rohesla. 103 Bologna 100 j
Sacredu's 105 Corn Blossom . .<c..100
Arcade lOftiMy Order 100.
Toralaw 105 George P. McNear.loo j
Solanus 105jDel Carina ICO,
Vesuvian 103 Prggy O'Nell 100 |
Al Waddle icsjsileo 100
Albula 105 Nabonaesar 100'
Hot Springes Racing Results.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark., Jan. 19 —Essex Park
rasing results:
First race, five and a half furlongs—Velas
yuor won dudon second. Sol Smith third.
Time, 1:1534.
Second race, six furlong*—Canajohar> won.
Moorhen second. Bill Knight third. Time,
I:2L
Third race, five and a half furlongs—Nerva
tor won. Mimon second, Lansdowne third.
Time, 1:14.
Fourth race, three furlongs. Country Club
?take« —I.adv Charade won. Roseburg second,
Brlden third Time. :40.
Fifth race, six furlongs—Masea won. All
Bcerlet second. Platoon third. Time, 1:21H-
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards—Fal.
Uland won. Meniphlan second. Dawson third.
Time. 1:55.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND—Thursday, Jan. 19. Weather cloudy. Track muddy.
'49. FIRST RACE—Thre? furlongs; purse; maidens; 2-yec:
.dex |
Horse and Owner.
xt St. 'hi.
%. Str. Fin.
Op.
77 :s ' riusv Bee (Patterson & Co.).. 1US, 2 ...
Southern Lady (J. H. Spratt)., 108; 3 ...
lAchelita (Napa StOOM Farm).,10'J| t ...
,;.."> [Betlona i\V. Ai.iLdonoUgh) !l06| 4 ...
Miss Topsy (Cameron & Co.).|108i 5 ...
lYfarnlnr, (Biar.chl & McG.).. EMS) « ...
773S btnillur.e (W. Roche) 1108; 7 ...
[Petaluma (H. Stover) ilOS, 8 _..._
... 3 «j 3 3 1 ....
... 1 § 1 Vj 2 n jAlvarado ..
... 2 2 2 % 3 % iBullman ..
... 5 4 (Minder
... 4 5 5 7 |J. Jones...
... ft % « K <> % iF. Sullivan
... 7 4 7 4 7 4 [Bell
... 8 S 8 [Hoffman ■■
G i
30 M
3 13-i
4 23-1
4
20 3i
3 • I
4 23-1
T.me— 24' i "7V At post 3 minutes. Off at 2:14%. Bee. place, 2; show. 1. Lady,
place, 20 show. 8. Achelita. show, 7-10. Winner, b. i. by First Tenor-Bee Bee
Trained by < T Patterson. Start good. Won all driving. Alarie saved ground with
winner and she finished very strong. Achelita lost muih ground on stretch turn Bel
lona tired Semitone acted badly at post and Bell made BO apparent effort with her.
SECOND RACE—Five furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
H ire and Owner.
Wt|St. hi.
ffc.
ft. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
01.
<7733)iBatiUor. 5 (Walker ft McK.).|U2| 2 ... 2 h 2 l%i n 1 1 ;Mlnder ...
774o jThe Hawaiian. 4 (Wilson)...; 107; 3 ../ 83 01 31 23 |Bonner
77:12 Km. lteubold. 5 (Burger Co.),100| 7 ... 7 2>£5 n 4 n 8 *i [Graham ...
7732 Trapsetter 4 <L». H. Eaell).. 105 I ... 1 n o % 2 h 4 2 {Barrett ...
773:t 'Vuro Dale', 5 (J. Hoeppner).. < 100 5 ... 4 £ 4 % 6 Vi 5 2 |F. Sullivan
7733 Black, 4 (Hanson)lOOj (5 ... 3h 1 2 6 2 fin |U Fountain
774J >re«l«io, 4 (L). Zellnsky) i 1101 4 ... 6 n 7.4 7 3 7 1%'Kennedy ..
7678 Wistaria, 4 (Stockton Stable))l«J«i 8 ... 10 9 3 8 3 8 3 .Helgesen ..
7707 I rbano. 5 (Mrs. Boyle) |107| 9 ... 9 h 10 10 9 3 IT. Stewart.
7733 Salto. 4 (Mn. Merchant) ... 8 2 8 2 9 1 10 |J. Jones...
2 6-2
6 5
8 10
15 25
4 7
6 9 2
40 100
8 12
15 30
15 25
Time—:23%, :50V-, 1:03 V At post SU, minutes. Off at 2:43%. Batidor, place, 1; show.
1-2. Hawaiian place 2; *how 1. Reubold. show. 2. Winner, b. g. by Rey El
Santa Ar.ita-Klcrilla. Trained by P. McKennip. Scratched—Bee Rosewater. Rey
Hooker. Start good. Won all driving hard. \\ ljiner best. The Hawaiian ran his race.
Tiapsetter stumbled in stretch. Pure Da.; quit early. Georgie Black won't do. Others
no account.
. THIRD RACE—Five and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; to flrBt, $325.
Horse and Owner.
%.. Str. Fin.
7737 [Mabel Bates (G. Strobe]) |106| T ... 4 n 4 3 3 2 In [H. Michaels
7731 iMogregor iCauiOHU* stable), uo-.ij «i ... 8 1M§ n 1 1%2 5 |W. Davis ..
7737 |Duet fW. Roche) !105! 3 ... 2 h 3 2'*4 8 3 ns jBell
77.17 San Jose (O. W. Wilson) jllOj 1 ... 1 h 2 h 2 % 4 4 jBonner
7737 Lady Fashion iMrs. Miller).. 100! 8 ... 9 2 " 5 52 53 |\Ylley
7U29 Mtzpah (Summers & Co.) |107| 2 ... 5 3 6 1 6 2 |Minder
77ol Nika |I* H. F.zelli ,100; 9 ... 10 8 8 K 8 2 7 4 |Barrett
772:: The Celt (Figaro Stable) 1107 11 ... 11 9 % 9 5 8 15 |T. Clark ..
7789 N'orinne INapa Stock Farm).. ,105; 5 ... 7 2 6 % 7 5 9 20 |Kunz
7575 jCascadea (O. Rogers) 1106,10 ... 8 4 10 10 10 |J. Jones ...
7731 IGrenore (J. Davis)... x |108| 4 ... 6h Ran out [Wright
6
6-5
20
6
20
15
20
60-
20
50
6
8
1
9
7
30
20
30
SO
30
60
6
Time— :24%. :52V 1:11%. At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:07 V Bates, place, 3: show, 8-5.
Mogregor, place. 2-5; show. 1-4. Duet, show, 9-5. Winner, br. f. by Artillery-l-*>ch
Katrine. Trained by G. Strobel. Scratch id—Calculate. Start good. Won an driving
Iwvd. Duet and San Jos c t,a.»e .>iu 6 . t gor a stiff argument, and he was all in when
challenged by winner. Lady Fashion won't do. Wright's saddle turned and he pulled
up Grenore.
FOURTH RACE—One
!our-year-olds and up;
Horse and Owner.
iwi st. »*.
%. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
77::«i ! Briers, 5 (H. E. Rowell) |104i 4 4 n 4 U 2 2 11 12 IW. Davie ..
7740 War Times, 4 (Mrs. Grshm).. ;101! 6 12 1 h 2 2 2 2 |Bonner
(7711) Barrack, a (A. E. Barrett) illOj 3 7 6 3 4 4 3 2»4|Bullman ..|
7740 iljabellita, 5 <J. Rcnaldson) ;105| 1 5 3 2 h :t 2 .« h 4 o |Andt-rson -.1
77-t a (F. Rent) (l06| 7 61 3 % 5 8 54 59 IWright
7734 |Box Elder. 4 (J. J. Moran) Mi 2 2 % 5 » 4 6 4 64 6h [Earnshaw .|
7641 |Hellas, 5 (W. E. Cotton) jl05| 5 3 h 7 7 7 7 |Bell ;
1 11-10
3 13-5
5 »
U 7
20 80
12 13
30 100
Time— :26 :62, 1:18. 1:45%. At post 1% minute*. Off at 3:32 V Briers, place. 1-2;
show " 1-5. Times, place 7-10; show, 1-3. Barrack, show, 1. Winner, b. m. by Per
blaise-Bramnle Leaf. Trained by H. E. Rowell. Scratched—lnspector Munro. Start
good. Won easily. Balance driving hard. Briers best. War Times ran his race. Too
Sloppy for Barrack. Isabellita no account. Box Elder requires stronger handling.
FIFTH RACE—1>4 miles; Belling; four-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
IndrXj Horse and Owner. !Wt,St.Std. Str. Fin. j Jockey.
T745 (Lang. .James. 4 (W. Cotton). Uo5, 2 2 1 I H I * 1 *H* 2 iBell
l7735)|Glenarvon, 5 (Summers Co.)..|109j 5 4 n 5 3 3 % 2 2 |Mlnder ....
774 1 Theodora U 5 (P. E. Smith), j 107[ 1 6 h 4 3 4 2 3 h J. Jones
7745 ,Gin Spray, a <R. De Neffe). . |104; 0 3 3 42 2h3h48 |J. Kelly
7741 F. Woods, a (Garden City St.)jl04! S 8 « 3 6 8 5 n 5 4 IF. Sullivan
7711 [Miracle II, 6 (S. A. Hoppas). . il04> 4 1 I'ifi 1 0 H « 10 [O. Chandler
7735 IThorndale. 5 (W. M. Murray)-loft; T 7 % 7 h 7 1 7 15 7 80 T. Stewart.
7C»7 [Cinnabar, 4 (A. E. Chappell).!l07| 3 5 % 8 8 8 8 | Alarie ■■■■
Horse and Owner.
Jockey.
CI.
h
7 18
8 8-5
5 21-5
3 5
10 17
20 13
40 100
10 7
T. Stewart.
Alarie ....
Time —:25Vi. :51%, l'sjft I:4* V*. 2:14%. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:57 V James, place,
4; snow. 2. Glenarvon, place, 7-10; show, 1-3. Theodora L. show, 3-5. Winner, br. g.
by Lamplighter-Louisiana. Trained by C. Snider. Start good. Won all out. Balance
driving Winner probably best. Glenarvon has bad legs. Miracle had some speed.
Ciniiabar won't do in the mud. Three days in succession proved more than Gin Spray
was equal to.
SIXTH RACE—Six
; purse;
i;
Horse and Owner.
%. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
CI.
7728 Salable (J. Ryan)
763G Bob Ragon (Summers & Co.).
Squire- Johnson (Mrs. Miller).
7664 jBig Beach (G. W. Wilson)
(7731) |My Order (H. E. Rowell)
l
1
6 ... 2 Vi 2 Vi 1 1&1 «i
3 ... 4 4 4 5 3 3%
2 ... 8 148 2 2n 36
4 ... 6 5 5 4 1%
1 .... 1 1 1 n 4 2 5
W. Davis..
Minder
Bullman ..
Bonner ....
Travers ...
6-2 13-5
3 5
6-f> 11-10
12 7
10 18
Time :25, :50Vi, I:l6Vi- At post 3V 2 minutes. Off at 4:25. Salable, place, 7-10; show,
1-3. Ragon, place, 6-5; show, out. Johnson, show, out. Winner, b. g. by Sam Lucas-
Sall'.e Sensible. Trained by G. Wentworth. Start .good. Won hand ridden. Balance
driving Salable is a clever mudder. Minder astride Bob Ragon saved ground on
stretch turn. Squire Johnson can't handle weight. Big Beach a false alarm. My Or
der quit.
SHIFTY FIELDS
AT OAKLAND
An excellent card is offered race
goers this afternoon at Oakland.
While devoid of any special features,
the fields are well balanced and the
class of horses starting is fair. The
entries:
First race—Six furlongs, three-year-olds.
purse, maiden fillies.
7737 Pear! Waters (Waters) 108
7701 Morita (Napa Stock Farm) 108
7744 True Wing (Ryan) *
7721 Maid of Fermoy <Del Rey Stable) 108
7721 Lucrece iMacdonough) IJ™
7751 Ntka (Ezell) }^
Pousse Cafe (Roche) J" 8
Second race—Six and a half furlongs, four
year-olds and up, selling.
7720 Rlesca (Dunn) JO4
7732 "Profitable (Winter) *" :X7
7730 'Lady Kent (Klmberley) 102
7686 Bard Burns (ORourke) 11-
-7736 Play Ball (Daly) -06
77t>:: Dr. Sherman (Hoppas) 10»
7f,r.l Saintly (Crowe) -09
7733 'Hugh McGowen (Dyer) 101
Third race—Five and a half furlongs, four
year-olds and up, selling.
(7714)»Cousln Carrie (Gaylord) 104
7733 Billy Taylor (Hoag) • • • • 103
7734 Suburban Queen (Winter * Johnson). .105
6063 Greenock (Woods) 10*
7CSS 'Doublet (Fountain) «8
7714 'Standard (McAlestur) 82
7732 'Waterspout (Clark) 98
<77U')'Slr Preston (Scharetg) 106
7744 Hulford (Schneckloth) 103
Fourth race—One mile, four-year-olds and
up. selling.
7722 •Vlgoroso (Appleby & Co.) 108
(7741)* Dr. Shorb (McNames) 100
(7745) Mr. Farnum (Wilson)* 11l
7589 Instrument (Baird & Co.) 106
7741 Achilles (Fleur de Lis Stable) 110
7719' Pencil Me (Grosshelm) 102
7748 'Inspector Munro (Fox) 104
7734 'Haven Run (Harris) 101
7741 Bedner (Cruza) 107
Fifth race—Seven furlongs, three-year-olds,
selling.
7696 Handy Bill (Zellnsky) 110
7751 'Lady Fashion (Miller) 95
7731 'Glcndene (Saunders) 100
7751 San Jose (Wilson) 102
7739'Meada (Bianchl & Co.) 100
77TT Paddy Lynch (Lynch) 107
7731 Escobosa (Tade) 102
7T37 'Macene (Ezell) 100
7720 Piatt (Stevens Sc Bon) 110
Sixth race—One mile, four-year-olds and up,
purse.
7747 Eshertn (Schorr) 105
7742 Tom Slavln (Clifford) 110
7744 Captain Forsee (Alhambra Stable).. .110
7786 Ink (Lamasney Bros.) 110
7605 Maxtress ( Kronick) 105
7717 Soufriere (Dayton & Kahn) 105
7670 Circus (Eckert) 110
7760 Trapsetter (Ezell) 110
7665 Claudator (Blackburn) 107
7717 Rowcna (Gaylord & Co.) 105
•Apprentice allowance.
Racing at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 10.—Results of to
day's racing:
First race. Aye furlongs—Slowpoke won.
Simplicity second. Queen Esther third. Time,
1:03 3-5.
Second race, one mile—Merry Acrobat won.
Decoration second. Misanthrope third. Time,
1:48.
Third race, six furlongs—Lord French won.
Fruit second. King Rose third. Time, 1:17 4-5.
Fourth race, six furlongs—Matador won. St.
Tammany second. Trapper third. Time,
,l:if n-5.
Fifth race, three and a half furlongs—Jim
MeGlnnis won. Verdant second, Bluegrass Lad
third. Time. :44 4-5.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles —Semper
Vlvax won. Male Hanlon second. Lou M third.
Time, 2:00 4-5.
the SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 20, 1905.
HORSES WHICH MAY
BEACH HOME FIRST
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
First race—Morita, True
Win»r, Lucrece.
Second race—Lady Kent, Dr.
Sherman, Hard Burns.
Third race—Cousin Carrie,
Suburban Queen, Hulford.
Fourth race—Mr. Farnum,
Dr. SJiorb, Haven Run.
Fifth race—Piatt, Handy Bill,
Macene.
Sixth race—lnk, Rowena.
Soufriere. ,
YOUNG TENNIS PLATERS
IN DOUBLES TOURNAMENT
Twenty-Three Teams Will Compete on
the Public Courts In Golden
Gate Park.
The members of the Golden Gate
Junior Tennis Club will play a scratch
doubles tournament on the park courts
to-morrow. Partners were drawn by
lot. Twenty-three teams entered and
drew as follows:
R. Strachan and S. Rudee vs. R Retgel
and C. Torrey; A. Garcia and H. Havens vs.
X Dunand and F. Maggs; H. McLane and H.
Morris vs. J. Hammond and G. Morris; H.
Getz and R. Dresel vs. R. Smith and H. Lev
inson; H. Lange and R. Brunn vs. L. Levin
son and E. Easton; R. Honlgsberg and S. Ro
senthal vs. W. Mitchell and W. Honlgsberg;
L Nettor and B. Marsh vs. H. Corbly and N.
Abbott; H. Crane and H. Garoia vs. J. Gunst
and W. Ruggles; V. Butler and J. Strachan
vs. G. Maundrell and E. Gallegoe; G. Bonn
tag ajid W. Marcus vs. R. Yates and T. Rlor
dan: E. McCarthy and L. Baylor vs. M. Mc-
Laughlin and L. Rosenthal; A. Goldstein and
L. Lorentz a bye.
Schaefer Defeats Hoppe.
DENVER. Jan. 19.—Jake Schaefer
defeated Willie Hoppe at elghteen
inch balk line billiards before the
Democratic Club to-night. The game
was for 400 points and Schaefer
scored In nineteen Innings. His high
run, which was the highest of the
game also, was 98. Hoppe made 215
points with a high run of 76. Schae
fer and Hoppe will play here again to
morrow night. The two experts to
day were matched to play in St. Louis
for the world's championship and
$2500 a side, the date to be selected
later. After concluding their engage
merit in Denver they will go to Chi
cago.
FALLS ASLEEP AND LOSES COIN.
Ralph Scott. 743 Folsom street, attended a
dance at Teutonia all, Howard street, on
Wednesday night. Shortly before midnight he
accompanied two girls and a young man to a
restaurant on Sixth street. Scott fell asleep
on a chair, and when he awakened, two hours
inter, some one had stolen his gold watch and
$11. He told Policeman Farrell of his loss
and Farrell questioned the steward of the res
taurant. The steward said that Scott and the
other three had a cup of coffee each and the
other three left, Scott having fallen asleep on
the chair. He saw no one going through
Scott's sockets.
DALVAY BEATS
STRONG FIELD
Kenilworth Is Installed
Favorite, but Finishes
in the Last Position
OXFORD WINS CLEVERLY
Leads Out High Chancellor
and Princess Tulane in
a Most Sensational Race
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 19.—A fine card
was run off at Ascot to-day. Favorites
and second choices were successful in
all but two races. The five and a half
furlong event brought together a large
field of crack sprinters, including three
horses which have not started before.
Kenilworth was made favorite at 3 to 1,
but finished absolutely last. Dalvay
won easily from Tim Hurst, with Pasa
dena, the crack three-year-old, third.
The latter broke fiat-footed and was
several lengths behind the entire field
before he could get into his stride.
The time for the race is a record for
Ascot track.
The other big race was a free handi
cap at one mile. Oxford, McLaughlin's
good three-year-old, led his field at the
finish by half a length, High Chancellor
beating Princess Tulane a head for the
place and Fossil but a head behind Tu
lane. It was one of the hottest finishes
of the season. Weather clear. Track
fast. Results:
First race, one mile, selling—Montana Peer
ess. 102 (Kent), 3 to 5, won; Bandillo. 99
(Moriarity), 15 to 1. second; Flora Bright. 102
(Perrtne). 20 to 1 third. Time. 1:42. Eleven
Bells. Mr. Robinson. Our Pride. Church Light,
Albert Enright also ran.
Second race, five furlongs—Witch Harel. 105
(Dugan). 8 t 0 5. won; Sweet Kittle Bellairs.
98 (Miller). 12 to 1, second: Light of Day. 104
(Fitzpatrick). 15 to 1. third Time. 1:003;.
Schoolcraft. Escamado. Sandstone, Joe Kelly.
Seaside, Lady Witt also ran.
Third race. Aye and a half furlongs—Dalvay,
103 (Truebel), 8 to 1, won; Tim Hurst. 94
(Miller), 5 to 1, second; Pasadena, 90 (Dillon),
6 to 1, third. Time, 1:06 V Hilona, Counter
poise, Delagoa, Crown Princess, Kenilworth
also ran.
Fourth race one mile, free handicap—Ox
ford, 107 (Fuller), 9 to 5, won: High Chancel
lor, 103 (Moriarity), 6 to 1, second; Princess
Tulane, 103 (McDanlel), 6 to 1. third. Time,
1 :40. Fossil, Tim Payne, Sals. Ethylene also
ran.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles—Duti
ful. 104 (McDanieH, 11 to 5, won; Akela. 106
(Fuller) 9 to 5, second; Varro, 106 (Dugan),
9 to 2, third. Time, I:4S. Ray, Cincinnatus
also ran.
Sixth race, cix furlonge—St. Wlnifrede, 102
(Moriarity). 20 to 1. won; Komombo. 106
(Truebel). 5 to 1, second: Durbar, 101 (Mc-
Danlel), 11 to 0. third. Time, 1:14. Edin
borough. Interlude. Agnes Mack. Respirator,
Dollle Wetthoff also ran.
EASTERN RACING MAGNATES
QUARREL OVER DATES
A. H. Morris of Morris Park Refuses
to Surrender His Rights to
August Belmont.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19.—The fact that
there is discord in the ranks of the
millionaires who compose the Eastern
Jockey Club and who control racing in
this State has just come to light, al
though the discord developed at a meet
ing held last Monday to allot dates for
the coming season. It was this ques
tion of dates that first caused the dif
ference of opinion which, before the
meeting finally adjourned, caused the
men of millions to think and to say
rather hard things of each other.
The trouble was caused by Alfred
Hennen Morris, representing Morris
Park race track, refusing to surrender
what he consides his rights to August
Belmont and to the latter's Belmont
Park. Belmont wanted the dates Mor
ris Park enjoyed in former years for
Belmont Park. Morris absolutely re
fused to agree to any such scheme and
now there is a deadlock that may have
some effect upon racing.
Belmont is a member of the Jockey
club which allots dates in this State.
He is also a member of.the State Rac
ing Commission, which licenses race
tracks. This commission is composed
of three men and no race track can run
without a license.
The State Racing Commission com
prises of Belmont, his brother-in-law,
E. D. Morgan, and his friend, Jotyn
Sanfcrd, of Schenectady. This makes
Belmont hold a, strong hand in issuing
licenses to raciirg associations, but the
Jockey club members control in the
matter of allotting dates.
FOUR EVENTS ON CARD
AT INGLESIDE PARK
Reserve and Class Stakes and Two
Unfinished Trials Make Up Bill
for Sunday.
There will be four events on the
card at Ingleside Coursing Park next
Sunday. The regular two weekly
stakes are to be decided, together with
the two unfinished events of last week.
Forty dogs were drawn for the re
serve stake last night and sixteen for
the class event. Following is the re
sult of the draw:
Reserve stake, 40 entries—Annie Ryne vs.
Little Plunger; Frank Dunn vs. Shotgun; Real
Pasha vs. Miss Florence; Mirthful vs. Conroy;
Mark Twain vs. Star Sylvanus- Brewery Maid
vs. Belvedere; Miss Green vs. Blrac; Lily Tork
vs. Foxhunter; Sunny brook vs. Miss Lucille;
Crawford Belle vs. Reckless Rose; Wild Tur
key vs. Pure Pearl; Peerless Beauty vs. Lor
etta: Gold Chain vs. Commercial Traveler,
Ragged Actor .vs. Rialto; Angus Cissus vs.
Freeborn; Belfast vs. Secretive: Hidden Hatred
vs. Ruby Sankey; Royal Friend vs. Kid Clair;
Miss Domestic vs. Forest Fire; Cubanola vs.
Bob R. .
Class stake, 16 entries—Sampler vs. Rene
gade Apache. Sea Lion vs. Richard Antcfh;
May Tunison vs. Agile Spurt; Charter Mem
ber vs. Friendless Boy; J E H vs. Princess
Savoy; Belle Free vs. The Referee; Pasha
Pleasant vs. Lancashire Lad; Freeport vs. Lost
Chord.
Holmes' Lecture on Japan.
"Japan" was the subject treated of
last evening by Burton Holmes in his
series of "travelogues" now being
given at Lyric Hall. Following as
they did the lecture on "Russia," Mr.
Holmes' motion pictures and talk on
Japanese customs, habits and religion
were followed by the large audience
present with the keenest interest.
The lecture was radian of
cherry blossoms and lotus, patriotism
and politeness. The devotees of Jiu
Jutsu were treated to an exhibition of
that latest fad by a celebrated native
master, While for the lovers of natural
beauty the icy top of Fujinoyama was
pictured by reflection buried deep
within a crystal lake. The celebrated
geisha dance reproduced in the bio
graph was not the least of the many
attractive features exhibited of this
quaint Oriental people.
OIL POLLUTES
WATERS OF BAY
Sportsmen Alarmed Over
the Condition of Ducks
and of Striped Bass
QUESTION IS SERIOUS
Fish May Be Wiped Out
While Game Birds Are
Rendered Unfit for Table
The sportsmen who find pleasure in
duck shooting and in angling for
Btriped bars in and about the bay are
alarmed at the widespread injury be
ing wrought by oil which finds its way
ir.to the bay, polluting Its waters.
The most direct evidence of the in
jury to game is seen in the ducks, many
of which have been destroyed recently,
as they could neither fly, swim nor
dive. This condition is not peculiar to
any one location, but obtains on all
the bay shore, from Alvlso to the
Suisun marshes.
Some of the owners of preserves
claim that not one bird in rive of
those killed is fit for use, the majority
being saturated with oil. The splendid
canvasbacks . which have found an
abiding place In Rlchardsons Bay, near
Sausalito, for weeks, have been the
chief sufferers. Hundreds of these
birds were killed to put them out of
their misery, as they were helpless.
".Vhile the ducks are the chief sufferers
at the present time, it Is possible the
strip?d bass and other fish will be ir
reparably damaged. As the tides re
cede they leave a blanket of oil on the
shore, which kills off the clams and
other shell fish, upon which the shore
ffsh feed. It is claimed by sportsmen
that If not another drop of oil reaches
the waters of the bay it would take a
year to eliminate that already there. It
does not require a Sherlock Holmes to
determine where the oil enters the bay,
as a telltale streak leads from the
various establishments handling oil.
For miles along the bay shore the salt
grass is decaying owing to the oil de
posited at its roots at each high tide.
Chief Deputy Vogelsang of the Cali
fornia Fish Commission does not take
the alarmist view of the situation held
by the sportsmen. "The development
of the oil industry," he said yesterday,
"has brought about new conditions. In
the handling of the oil some has found
its way into the waters of the bay. The
deputies of the Fish Commission have
made regular inspections of the plants
about the bay, and they report that
every precaution is being taken to keep
the oil out of the bay. No place has
been found where refuse oil is being
turned into the bay. What reaches
there is by accident.
"There is a slight leakage from cars
and also from the many steamers in
the bay which burn oil as fuel. It re
quires but little oil to make a thin
coating over a large area of water."
The oil problem is a serious one to
the people of this city, as the striped
bass furnishes them one of the cheap
est as well as one of the finest of table
fish. The take of bass has been get
ting smaller each year, showing the
fish need proper protection.
EPPINGERS' BOOKKEEPER
CONTINUES TESTIFYING
Edmund Freund Describes the Form
ing of the Various Stacks
of Grain.
Contrary to general expectation,
former Superintendent Demings of the
defunct Epplnger & Co., grain firm
failed to appear in Judge Murasky's
courtroom yesterday. He sent word
that he was ill. In his absence former
Bookkeeper Edmund Freund testi
fied during the greater part of the day
as to the handling and marking of the
lots of wheat. Bernard Ettlinger was
on the stand for a few minutes to sub
stantiate former testimony.
Freund testified that many of the
piles of wheat were made up from
other lots, according to instructions
from Superintendent Demings. He
also said that in the course of clean
ing wheat grain from other lots be
came mixed and that identification
was Impossible in {hose cases.
The greater part of his testimony
related to the technical formation of
the wheat piles, under the direction
of the foreman. He said that at va
rious intervals when the stacking was
temporarily stopped the men would
place their lot number on the sacks.
Freund then said that for three years
prior to the failure there had been no
count of stock in the warehouse by
comparison with the books, although
formerly it had been the firm's usual
custom.
LAUNDRY COMPANY WOULD
ENJOIN WAGON DRIVERS
Three Employes Charged With Using
Information for Benefit of
Rival Concerns.
Three laundry wagon drivers, em
ployes of the Metropolitan Laundry
Company, were yesterday made de
fendants in suits for damages and in
junction. They are Alfred Johnson,
Henry Gatzert and Charles Henrich.
Each was in charge of a laundry
route for the California, California-
French and Franco-California Laun
dry Company, the property, business
and good will of which were bought in
November, 1903, by the Metropolitan
Company.
The new company retained the ser
vices of the drivers until January 2
last. It is now alleged that since the
termination of their employment the
men have refused to deliver the pa
pers, books and memoranda relating
to the customers on their routes and
are using the information therein con
tained for the purpose of damaging
the plaintiffs business. It is even
charged that they are collecting laun
dry from the Metropolitan's custom
ers and delivering-it to other laun
dries. The court is asked to order the
return of the records, for an injunc
tion preventing the acts complained
of and for Judgment for $2000 dam
ages in each case.
WHITE PINES
TO BOX BRITT
English Champion Is Ready
to Embark for This City
to Prepare for Meeting
MATCH SEEMS ASSURED
Eastern Sporting Authority
Declares Britisher Will
Make Native Son Hustle
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19.—Jabez White
will leave England at once to fight
Jimmy Britt late in March or early in
April before the Yosemite Athletic
Club of San Francisco. Charley Mitch
ell, in behalf of White, to-day cabled
the club to send him $500 for expenses.
While White is persistently "knocked"
by men who never saw him fight, Ref
eree Charles White, who saw the Eng
lish lightweight battle with Spike Sul
livan in London during coronation
week, In June, 1902, thinks the English
man has an excellent chance with any
man in the present lightweight divi
sion.
"Jabez White trimmed Spike Sullivan
easily," said Charley White, "in a fif
teen-round go and Sullivan was as
good at that time as he ever was in his
life. Everybody knows that Spike,
when he was right, waa a tough propo
sition, and he certainly was right for
that fight. He had been training with
Tom Sharkey and was fit. Several well
known Americans were so confident he
would win that they bet big money on
him.
"White fights more on the American
style than any fighter I saw in Eng
land. White understands the game
thoroughly."
Andy Mulligan of Washington Ath
letic Club of Hot Springs has offered
Britt and White a purse of $10,000 or a
percentage of gate receipts to fight be
fore his club.
"I do not think White will leave Eng
land before the latter part of March,"
said Manager Jim Coffroth of the Yo
semite Club last night. I have been in
communication with him for several
weeks past in regard to terms and mi
nor details and he seems willing to
make the long trip, but I cannot be led
to believe he will start for more than
two months.
"Tom O'Rourke is looking after
White's business in New York, while
Charley Mitchell represents him in the
Old World. I think the match is a cer
tainty If nothing goes wrong in the
meantime. White is willing to accept
the terms I offered him and I expect to
close the deal of matching him with
Britt in the course of a few weeks."
CONSIDERS PETITIONS FOR
LEASE OF SAILORS' HOME
Supervisors' Police Committee Hears
Requests of Two Societies to Con
duct the Institution.
The Supervisors' Police Committee
yesterday considered Jhe matter of the
lease of the Sailors' Home, for a re
newal of which the Ladles' Seamen's
Friend Society has filed a petition. The
Sailors' Protective Society, by Mar
garet Deane president, also filed a pe
tition for a lease of the Sailors' Home
for five years upon a nominal rental.
The latter petition represents that the
Incorporators of the society are quali
fied by long experience for any work
of a charitable or sociological char
acter, being affiliated with various
benevolent associations. The society
agrees if the lease is granted to give
representation on the board of trustees
to members of the principal forms of
religious belief and to endeavor to bet
ter the administration of the home.
Attorney H. W. Brown of the La
dies' Seamen's Friend Society ad
dressed the committee In support of its
petition for a lease, arguing that sec
tarian interests should not be consid
ered in the matter. Supervisor Box
ton said that the sailors or their rep
resentative should be heard on the
subject to ascertain their views there
on. He told of a recent investigation,
when some broad statements were
made that ex-Superintendent Ferem
had used his position to advance his
monetary interests.
"We can refuse to lease the home,"
said Boxton, "and in that event it
would revert to the Federal Govern
ment."
The committee decided to take the
two petitions under advisement for
two weeks and then to prepare a rec
ommendation to the Board of Super
visors.
Brown requested that if a lease was
given to any other society an equitable
arrangement be made regarding the
property added to the home at the ex
pense of his society.
DEFENSE ENDS ARGUMENT
IN MONNIER WILL CONTEST
George D. Collins Makes an Eloquent
Appeal for Justice for His
Client.
After an argument that lasted over
two days in Judge Graham's court
George D. Collins, attorney for Mrs.
Anna Monnier, closed his side of the
case yesterday afternoon with a final
appeal to the Jury for a careful con
sideration of the evidence.
He asked them not to allow them- I
selves to be swayed by any sympathies
they might feel for the contestant's
condition, and ended with a brilliant
bit of oratory in which he thanked
the Jury for the close attention they
had given the case. He also paid a
fine tribute to Judge Graham for his
impartiality and fairness during the
trial and said that "he felt assured that
Justice would be given.
To-day Matt Sullivan will close the
contestant's side of the case and it is
expected that the evidence will go to
the Jury on Saturday. Sullivan, by
previous agreement with Collins, will
confine himself within the lines laid
down by his colleague, Theodore J.
Roche, but will attempt to refute sev
eral of the allegations made by Collins
in his final argument.
LADIES THRONG
OLYMPIC CLUB
Home of the Winged "0" Is
Given Over to Mirth and
3lerrymaking for a Night
MANY STABS ENTERTAIN
Jimmy Britt Tries Mono
logue on Crowd and Ath
letes Do Some Clever Turns
The brawny Olympians put aside all
thoughts of punching bags, wrist ma
chines and handball courts last night
and devoted themselves to entertaining
their fair friends in true winged "O"
style. That their efforts to please were
not in vain was attested" by the hearty
manner in which each number of the
programme was received. All the vet
erans pronounced it the greatest show
ever given at the club, while the new
comers began to long for another such
night.
The programme was one which af
forded each star a chance to glimmer
and at the same time to give pleasure
to a goodly proportion of the audience.
The athletic tableaux, first number on
the card and an Innovation at the club,
proved a winner. Eight poses wera
portrayed by various gifted young ath
letes, ably assisted by two fair fencers.
Misses Connor and De Lambertini. The
act provoked applause and enthusiasm
galore and was a fitting curtain raiser
to a pleasant evening's entertainment.
Jimmy Britt, billed as "Mr. J. Ed
ward Britt," was ready and willing
with his monologue that won for him a
name on many an Eastern stage. Jim
my had grace, stage presence and wit
at his command and before he finished
with his initial tale his audience voted
him a success and was willing to listen
to anything the champion cared to toss
out.
The "pyramids," Illustrated by some
clever as well as husky youths, waa
another winning part of the pro
gramme. The boys went through a
number of startling acts and got away
with each of them as good as any
troupe of professionals. Jimmy Britt,
Joe Lundie, Johnny Roach and Eddie
Scc-tt showed the ladies how they use
their mitts in a mixup. Three spirited
rounds were reeled off, much to the de
light of many a demure damsel and
stately matron.
Kd Baraty and H. Miller went
through the mysteries of wrestling fof
a few minutes. Oscar Frank favored
the gathering with a couple of his fa
vorite selections, as did Miss Eugenia
Barker. Bob Mitchell was as funny aa
ever in his dialogue stunt. Signor
Domenico Russo brought the pro
gramme to a close with that ever pop
ular selection, "Violets."
Billy Stanton to Box Here.
Billy Stanton should become a pro
nounced favorite with boxing enthu
siasts to-night if he lives up to the re
ports of his prowess that have come
from Point Richmond. He will meet
Harry Riley in one of the prelimi
naries of the San Francisco Club's
monthly show In Woodward's Pavilion.
Stanton is reputed to be a slashing
fighter, who does not require a
referee's decision as a rule. He will
meet a man of the same kind in Riley,
whose four appearances have won him
many friends, whether he won or lost.
The main event needs no comment
to those familiar with the doings of
the ringsters. Joe Carroll and Tom
Sullivan are famed for their clever
ness. It is a return match, wjiich al
ways means fierce milling. Carroll
won the previous decision. Another
feature will be the Mongolian-Ethio
pian contest, which is slated as the
semi-wind-up. Ah Wing, the only
Chinese boxer before the public, and
Manuel Torres will be the contestants.
The remaining bouts are as follows:
Mike Synfy vs. Bob Cairns, at 136
pounds; "Brick" Howard vs. Kid
Christie, at 126 pounds; George San
franson vs. Charlie Dunn, at 130
pounds, and Dennt O'Conneli, vs. Jim
Bradley, at 125 pounds.
Woods Captures Prizes for Pigeons.
OAKLAND, Jan. 18.—A. B. Woods,
proprietor of the Giant Runt pigeon
lofts in this city, made a clean sweep
of the prizes at the show of ths Amer
ican Runt Pigeon Club, which la be
ing held at Foresters' Hail, winning
the challenge cup offered by the club
for runts, and nearly all the prises in
the runt class. This makes the third
time Mr. Woods has won the chal
lenge cup, which now becomes his
permanent property.
BURGLARS ENTER RESTAURANT.—The
police were notified yesterday that during the
night the restaurant of Chevalla & Barriere,
600 Merchant street, had been entered by burg
lars. The till had been forced open and a dol
lar in change, which was all It contained, was
stolen. Entrance had been effected by breaking
a screen window.
ADV
Weak Men and
Rupture Cured.
sotoowtve-fu* JhK . .5*T£ #rt * d
mm 8T °j|j& ni treatment
■> n i er vei.op new
I A Josh .pSuo km.
: £ s vigor Z k
\ a SQUARE mm 9 a known which Wm
i 5 tuU ? «nlarg« and
a***"* ■ completely develop
the organs. Used with our Soluble Medicated
I'"W.WLCT URETHRAL MCCXIAI lON B *»i>
Urethral Crayons, quickly curee all drains and
disjharges. Varicocele, Stricture, Premature
D*cay. Enlargement of Prostate Gland, etc.
Special cure for RUPTCREj no knife, no de
lay from work. Guarantee perfect cure
Money left In bank. Our phyaiciaaa are
well known to be experienced and strictly re
liable specialists and cure Knptnre and all
diseases of men only by modern methods. Call
for free examination and full details of our
special cure for Kiiptnre.
We want alto especially every weak or un
developed man to cail or write for our most in
structive ltO-page illustrated book. It fully ex
plains the action of our remarkable Yaenuni
and Crayon treatment. We have the most
successful home cure in the world. \V« give
treatment on lO days' trial and a»-
Sroval. Book sent securely sealed, free,
very man should read it. Call or write to
day. Hours 9 to 9. Sunday*. 11 to 1. VACUUM
APPLIANCE CO., 6 O'Farrell streetTREASURE HUNTER TRAVELS ON LINER PERU
Rival Gold Seek
ers Entertain
Each Other.
♦
Grau Joins Yacht
Rose Marine at
■ Costa Rica,
The Pacific Mail Company's liner
Peru, Captain McKlnnon, arrived from
Panama and way ports shortly before
midnight on Wednesday and early yes
terday morning was released from
quarantine. She was docked at Lom
bard-street wharf, where she will dis
charge her 1527-ton cargo. W. Gray,
owner of the British yacht Rose Ma
rine and the head of a Cocos Island
treasure-hunting party, was a passen
ger on the Peru from Panama* to Costa
Rica, where his yacht was lying.
The steamer Veronique, with the
Pari Fitzwilliam treasure-seeking ex
pedition on board, was also at Costa
Rica. According to dispatches received
within the last few days the rival
treasure-hunting parties had a serious
disagreement, in which shots were ex
changed and wounds inflicted. When
the Peru left Costa Rica, however, all
was • peace among the get-rich-quick
yachtsmen, the Rose Marine people fre
quently dining on board the Veronique
and the Earl Fitzwilliam party accept
ing freely and frequently the hospitali
ty Of the Rose Marine.
• It was said in Costa Rica tnat the
Rose' Marine had visited Cocos and
discovered the underground chamber
supposed to contain the treasure. The
place was full of deadly gases and no
attempt was made to enter the cave.
Air pumps were added to the Rose Ma
rines-outfit during her stay at Costa
Rica. Gray denied the story of the
discovery of the cave, and said the
air.pumps were being taken merely on
the chance of their being needed.
. T.he Peru brought up twenty-one pas
sengers, among wlftm were:
• Miss Oean McDonald, H. M. Mayberry and
wife, .P. Ishizana, Alex Dv Fram, Thomas
Clerk. Alice Clark, Luis Logos, W. W. Jacobs
«.nd" J. W. Burns.
Each Has a Close Call.
. The schconer John F. Miller narrowly es-
destruction on Wednesday evening In
the broken water of the Potato Patch and the
•tug Alert, going to the Miller's assistance in
response to the schooner's signals, came within
an- ace- of being swamped. The John F. Mil
ler. 12 days from Mukilteo, with 280,000 feet
of' lumber, found herself in the Potato Patch
e.t 6p. -in. on Wednesday with no wind. The
starboard anchor was let go and, with thirty
fathoms- of chain, was lost. Seas swept the
schooner, washing away the port cathead,
starting the deck load and flooding the übins
T.b<s Miller fired signals of distress, which were
answered from Point Bonita. The Alert, hur-
J j'ing .to the Miller's assistance, was rounding
Point Bonita when three big seas boarded
the - tug, carrying away everything movable
.from the deck, including towing hawser, grat
ing and corral, washing all the coal from the
bunkers to the flreroom and leaving four feet
of' water in the flreroom. Captain Downey
saved the Alert, but would hav-s had a hard
:tlme. doing so, he says, had there been an
.ebb tide running. Meanwhile a breeze sprang
up and. the John F. Miller was able to sail
"clear, .of the dangers which threatened her and
to make her way Inside of Fort Point.
Newport to Run to Portland.
Tile Pacific Mail Company's Panama liner
•Newport, due here from ths> isthmus February
"b. will be Replaced on the southern run by the
Cohta Rica, which will take the Newport's
;plac.e. February 18- The Newport is going on
T.'hV run between this port and Portland, Ore.
fine will run in conjunction with the George
•w. -Eider and the Columbia, it being expected
that the additional travel and increased ireight
business between the two ports as the result
Ja( the and Clark Exposition wtli war
"rant putting on an extra boat. The Newport
Is one of the best of the Panama liners and
will be trussed on the southern run, but it is
said that within a few months the Pacific
.Mail Company will have two new vessels
added .to the fleet running between here and the
vlunus.
Found in a Bottle.
• ;A rough piece of cardboard was found In a
. 1 utile doaUng near the training ship Penaacola
yesterday by the coxswain of the barge. The
following was written upon it with a lead
pencil :
"January 2nd—Out in a little boat off the
Heads, lost oars, boat leaking, can't keep up
longer. L'sing bats to bail out boat. Chris
Jarsen with me. Give up hope, notify James
Carlson, 8. F. FRED RICKSON."
None of these names appear in the city
directory.
Tamar's Skipper in Irons.
The British ship Tamar. bound from Ham
burg for Seattle, put Into Plymouth yesterday
with the captain In irons. He had been shoot
ing at the mate and the men. According to
latest advices the Tamar*s commander Is Cap
tain Griffiths.
Another New OVerdue.
The British »h!p Lord Elgin was placed on
the overdue list yesterday at 16 p«r cant. She
Is out 131 days from Sydney for Falmouth.
The otber o-erdues are quoted as follows:
Stork. 30 per cent; Robert Rick mens. 80 per
SCHOONER JOHN F. MILLER AND
THE TOG ALERT WHICH NAR
ROWLY ESCAPED DISASTER.
cent; Loch Etive. 20 per cent; Neoml and
Norge, 16 per cent.
Steamer Centennial Damaged.
The steamer Centennial was In collision yes
terday on Puget Sound with the Kosrms liner
Amaslc. The Centennial got the worst of the
encounter. Her bow was split and several
plates were damaged. The Amasis escaped
with slight Injury to her steering gear.
Mariposa at Tahiti.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Mariposa, Captain Lawless, arrived at Tahiti
January 12. The Mariposa's twin sister, the
Alameda, Captain Dowdell, will sail to-mor
row for Honolulu.
Charters.
The latest lumber charters reported are: The
schooner A. J. West, from Grays Harbor to
Santa Rosalia, chartered prior to arrival; Brit
ish ship County of Dumfries, from Hastings
Mills to U. X., 66s 3d, chartered prior to ar
rival of British ship Belford, from Hastings
Mills to Algoa Bay at 66s 3d.
The barkentlne Coronado returns to Honolulu
with a general cargo.
Exports for Hawaii.
The bark Kalulani sailed yesterday for Hon
olulu with an assorted merchandise cargo,
valued at $61,445, and including the following:
1475 bbls flour. 7863 gals 30 cs wine, 199 ctls
wheat, 4211 ctls barley, 28 ctls oats. 572 ctls
corn, 16,754 lbs beans. 1210 lbs bran, 750 bales
hay. 35,000 lbs salt. 14,440 lbs bread, 105.800
lbs rice 38,453 lbs sugar, 3049 cs canned goods,
375 pkgs pickled salmon, 30,251 lbs middlings,
720 lbs chocolate, 8 cs baking powder, 250 lbs
dried fruit, 750 lbs hops, 150 bxs paste, 107
pkgs groceries and provisions. 119 cs table
preparations, 23 cs olive oil, 15,000 lbs lard, 3
cs syrup, 50 bbls vinegar, 270 pkgs beer, 10 cs
gin. 210 gals 134 cs whisky, 5425 lbs tobacco,
11,004 lbs soda, 9 cs rubber goods, 90 coils
rope, 10 cs turpentine, 292 pkgs paints, 960 bxs
soap, 15 rolls leather. 8020 ft hardwood, 403
crts bricks, 30 cs dry goods, 150 bdls shooks,
95 cs candles, 50 pkgs paper, 21 pkgs agricul
tural Implements, 1070 lbs solder. 5454 lbs
lead, 4200 lbs starch. 50 cs matches, 280 live
hogs.
The schooner O. M. Kellogg sailed yesterday
for Mahukona with a general merchandise car
go, valued at $10,619. The following were the
principal shipments:
263 bbls flour, 01 ctls wheat. 2251 ctls barley,
21 ctls oats. 13,310 lbs middlings. 16,791 lbs
bran, 1160 lbs beans. 73 bales hay, 1960 lbs
bread, 80 cs assorted canned goods, 25 cs
canned salmon, 10 bbls 26 half bbls pickled
salmon. 1550 lbs lard, 540 lbs codfish. 15 bxs
paste, 8 pkgs groceries and provisions, 68 cs
table 12,500 lbs rice, 750 lbs salt,
6 cs whisky, 800 lbs sugar, 17 crts potatoes, 4
crts onions 11 pkgs fresh fruits, 126 tons coal,
480 bbls lime, 160 cs coal oil, 64 bdls wire. 10
cs gasoline, 24_fB paints. 12.264 ft lumber, 200
bdls shingles, W pkgs agricultural Implements,
5 bars steel. 39 sks coke, 7 colls rope, 27 cs
oils, 5 cs turpentine, 6000 lbs cement, 12 pkgs
caps and fuse, 6 .pkgs wagon material, 10 kegs
nails, 6 bdls try.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. January 19.
Stmr Enterprise. Tounggren, 8 daye and 6
hours from Hilo.
Btmr Point Arena, Miller, 24 hours from
Mendocino, via Point Arena 16 hours.
Stmr Del Norte, Payne, 40 hours from Cres
cent City. _„ , . _
Strnr Areata. Macgenn, 72 hours from Coos
Bay, via Port Orford 65 hours.
Stmr Fulton, Panser, 42 hours from San
Pe stmr Despatch. Weber, 90 hours from As
toria; bound south; called in for fuel.
Stmr National City, Hammer, 19 hours from
Fort Bragg. '
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. 41 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Celia Ha«en. 20 hours from Albion.
Stmr Jeanle. Bartlett, 121 hours from Se
attle. . ' .
Stmr Columbia, Doran. 56 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 45 hours.
Stmr Maggie, Whitney, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay. „„ . ■
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, 60 hours from
Newport and way ports.
Schr Monterey, Nelson, 12 hours from Mon
terey. . „ , _
Schr John F Miller. Johnson, 12 daye from
Mukllteo. „ ,
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, 8 hours from
Bollnas. „. ■' f .
Schr Newark. Johnson, 24 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Defender, Helllngsen. 19 days from
Honoipu. _ ,
Schr Ida A, Campbell. 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
Tug Dauntless, Shea. 12 hours from Mon
terey, with schr Monterey In tow.
CLEARED.
Thursday, January 19.
Fr bark Joinville. Clot, Tehio, New Cale
donia; F Henry.
Bark Kal'uiani, Colly, Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond &. Co.
Schr O M Kellogg, Iverson. Mahukona; the
Chas Nelson Company.
SAILED.
Thursday. January 19.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, San Diego.
StmreMaggte, Whitney, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Vanguard, Odiand, Eureka.
Stmr Alcazar. Winkel, Point Arena.
Stmr Despatch, Weber, San Pedro.
Stmr James S Hlgglns, Higgins, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Brunswick. Ellefsen, Fort Braeg.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Porno. RelnerUcon. Point Arena and
Albion River.
Br ship Lynton, James, Melbourne, via Port
Townsend.
Bark Kaiulanl, Colly, Honolulu.
Brig Lurllne. Forrest, Grays Harbor.
Schr Volant, Skipper, Grays Harbor.
Schr Advance, Ogtdnessen. Coqullle River.
Schr O M Kellogg. Iverson, Mahukona.
SPOKEN.
Dec B—Let 15 S, long 36 W, Br ship Wen
dur, from Barry, for Santa Rosalia.
Deo 7—Lat 10 S. long 34 W. Ital ship
Amphltrlte. from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOB OS. Jan 19. 10 p m—Weather
cloudy; wind west; velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT RETES—Passed Jan 19, 8:80 a m—
Stmr Despatch, from Portland, Ore. for San
Pedro.
Passed Jan 19, 2 p m—Stmr Noyo, from
Eureka, for San Pedro.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 20, 1905.
PORT HADLOCK —Arrived Jan 19—Bktn J
M Griffith, from San Pedro.
Sailed Jan 19—Ger bark Barmbek, for Liv
erpool.
EUREKA—SaiIed Jan 14—Schr H C Wright.
for San Pedro.
Arrived Jan 18—8tmr Acme, hence Jan 11.
Arrived Jan 19—Tug L Roscoe, from Rogue
River: stmr Eureka, hence Jan 18; stmr Arc
tic, hence Jan IS; stmr Phoenix, hence Jan 18.
Sailed Jan 19—Stmr Pasadena, for San
Francisco; stmr Cascade, for San Francisco;
tug L Roscoe, for San Francleco; stmr Acme,
for San Diego. •
PORT TOWNSEND—Arrived Jan 18—Schr
Mary E Foster, from Honolulu; schr Mawee
ma, from San Diego. Jan 19—Br ship Arden
craig. hence Jan 12.
Arrived Jan 19—Schr E X Wood, from San
Pedro; bark Haydn Brown, from San Pedro.
PORT ANGELES—Arrived Jan 19—8chr
Wilbert L Smith, from San Pedro, for Van
couver.
ASTORlA—Arrived Jan 19—Stmr Geo W
Elder, hence JaU 17; stmr Whlttier. hence Jan
lb; Ger ship Chrlstal, from Port Los Angeles.
Sailed Jan 19—Stmr Aurelia. for San Fran
cisco: stmr Alliance, for San Francisco; itmr
Redondo, for San Francisco; stmr Roanoke, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE—SaiIed Jan 19, 8:16 a m— Jap
stmr Kanagawa Maru, for China and Japan.
Sailed Jan 19—1 p m, U 8 stmr Burnside,
for Sitka. Alaska; 4 pm, stmr Centennial, for
San Francisco.
CRESCENT CTTY—Arrived Jan 19, 8 a m—
Stmr Mandalay, hence Jan 17 (too rough to
load).
BELLINGHAM—Arrived Jan 19—Schr J M
Weatherwax. Hence Jan 6.
TATOOSH —Passed in Jan 19—Schr Blake
ley, from Salaverry; stmr Rainier, hence
Jan l'j.
Passed out Jan 19—Stmr Edith, for San
Francisco.
Passed in Jan 19 —Schr Admiral, from Ban
Diego, for Everett.
REDONDO—Arrived Jan 19—Stmr San Pe
dro, from San Pedro, and sailed for San Fran
cisco.
TACOMA—Sailed Jan 19—Bktn Robert Sud
den, for San Francisco; stmr Nevadan, for
San Francisco.
BANDON— Sailed Jan 19—Schr Ruby, for
San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR—Sailed Jan 19— Stmrs
Homer anl G C Ltndauer, for . Jan 18—
Stmr Chehalia, for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 19— Schr H D Bendlxsen, from
Redondo: echr James A Garfield, hence Jan 6;
f;chr Defiance, from Honolulu.
SOUTH BEND—Arrived Jan 19—Schr
Churchill hence Dec 31.
MENDOCINO—Arrived Jan 19—Stmr Brook
lyn, hence Jan 18.
SAN PEDRO—Arrived Jan 19—Schr Ensign,
from Grays Harbor.
SAN DlEGO—Arrived Jan 19—IT 8 stmr
Buffalo, hence Jan 17.
PORT GAMBLE—Sailed Jan 19—Schr Ma
nila, for San Diego.
ISLAND PORTS.
MANlLA—Arrived Jan 16 —Br stmr Indra
pura, from New York.
KAANAPALI—SaiIed Jan 16—Schr Aloha,
for San Francisco.
HONOLULU—SaiIed Jan 19—Stmr Sierra,
for Auckland and Sydney.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK—Arrived Jan 18—Stmr Call
fornlan, hence Nov 20.
FOREIGN PORTS.
TAHlTl—Arrived Jan 12—Stmr Mariposa,
hence Dec 81.
FREMANTLE—Arrived Jan 18—Bark Mary
L Cushlng, from Port Townsend.
HONGKONG—Arrived Jan 18—Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
PLYMOUTH—Arrived Jan 19—Br ship
Tamar, from Hamburg, for Seattle.
NAGASAKI—Arrived Jan 18—U S stmr
Logan, from Manila, for San Francisco.
Memoranda.
Per echr Newark, at San Francisco Jan 19,
from Bowens Landing—Had to leave Bowens
Landing without a full cargo on account of
rough weather.
TOKIO, Jan 19. 8 d m—Br etmr Oakley,
bound from Cardiff for Vladivostok with a
cargo of 5900 tons of coal, was captured by
the Japanese In Tsushima Straits and taken
to Sasebo.
PLYMOUTH. En*, Jan 19—The Br ship
Tamar, from Hamburg for Seattle, put In to
this port to-day with the captain in irons, on
account of shooting at the mate and sailor.
SEATTLE. Jan 19— Stmr Centennial, from
San Francisco, collided with Ger stmr Amasis
at the dock: Centennial bow split and several
plates damaged; Amasis steering gear dam
aged.
Per schr Defender—Had succession of south
and southeast gales for 18 days.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low writers occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the both places.
FRIDAY. JANUARY~2O.
Sun rises 7:22
Sun sets 5:21
M n rises (full) ,0:00 p. m.
O ITlnjel [Time] ITtmel 'Time
2. i ! Ft. I j Ft 1 Ft. I Ft.
!» |L W] JH W| |L W[ [H W
20 I 4:OS| 2.8110:00 6.9 5:041—0.9
H VVI L W H W L W
21 I 0:15 4.S 4:56 2.7 10:48 8.9 5:46 —09
22 i 0:55 5.0 5:46 2.6 11:38 6.8 6:29—07
23 ! 1:33 5.1 6:37 2.4 12:30 6.6 7:13 —0.3
24 2:13 5.2 7:32 2.3 1:28 5.2 7:56 0.2
25 I 2:84| 6.3 8:36 2.1 2:32 4.7 8:45 0.7
NOTE—In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there arc but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
.Addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( —)
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. 8. N., Mer-
A 4.
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A BEAUTIFUL
PARIS PANEL
PHOTOGRAPH
of Yourself, Taken by the
ELITE PHOTOGRAPH
GALLERY,
SSB Market Street.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Can.
See Small Ad Page for Farther
Particulars.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 19—0 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston 36-28 Plttaburg 44-31
Chicago 36-30 New Orleans 64-60
Cincinnati 42-36 New Torix 40-34 |
Honolulu, H. I.. .74-64 St. Louis 38-34
Jacksonville 64-52 Washington 48-32
Philadelphia 44-32
SAN FRANCISCO 64-60
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season, and the rainfall in the last twen
ty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season. season.
Eureka 28 18.70 23.21
Red Bluff 86 17.94 13.62 I
Sacramento 64 11.06 5.18 i
San Francisco 40 12.14 7.10 !
Fresno 10 6.61 1.47 j
Independence 0.00 .67 .42 '
San Luis Obispo 04 7.23 1.90
Los Angeles 0.00 6.06 . 57
San Diego 0.00 .46
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS. | |||g |g |
-33; :
Baker SO.18 36 36 SE Cloudy .16
Carson 80.10 48 SO W Cloudy .00
Eureka 30.20 54 48 N Cloudy .28
Fresno 30.16 58 40 W Cloudy .10
8E. Farralon.3o.17 64 62 SW Cloudy .14
Flagstaff 30.20 42 4 SW Clear Tr
Pocatello 80.16 42 82 S .01
Independence .30.14 62 36 SE Cloudy .00
Los Angeles .30.16 64 48 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Mt Tamalpais.30.19 43 40 S Cloudy .86
North Head .30.20 48 42 SW Pt.Cldy .06
Phoenix 30.12 66 44 W Clear .00
Pt. Reyes Lt.30.13 61 48 NW Cloudy .12
Portland 30.20 50 82 W Pt.Cldy .28
Red Bluff 30.20 64 46 SW Cloudy .36
Roseburg 30.20 52 46 N Cloudy .11
Sacramento ..30.16 56 48 8 Cloudy .54
Salt Lake ...30.16 42 28 NE Cloudy Tr.
San Franclaco.30.20 54 50 NW Cloudy .40
San L. Obispo.30.14 64 46 NW Pt.Cldy .14
San Diego ...30.12 62 50 NW Clear .00
Seattle 80.14 48 34 8 Cloudy .28
Sookane 30.12 36 30 SW Snow .08
Tatoosh 30.10 48 42 SW Rain .30
Wrlla Walla.30.12 42 30 S Cloudy .10
Winnemucca .30.16 50 28 W Cloudy Tr.
Yuma 80.12 68 48 NW Clear .00
STATIONS,
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
northern half of the coast.
Cloudy weather continues over California,
and light rains have fallen at many points.
The temperatures are about normal in Cali
fornia.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight January 20:
California north of Tehachapl—Cloudy Frt
fey; light south winds, changing to northerly.
California south of Tehachapl—Cloudy Fri
day; light west wind.
Nevada—Cloudy and cooler Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Cloudy Frllday;
light north wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity—Cloudy Friday;
light southwest winds.
Sacramento—Fair Friday; light north wind.
Fresno—Fair Friday; light north wind.
A. O. McADIE. District Forecaster.
* ¥
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
January 19. 1905.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
1. a>, at noon of the 120 th meridian or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. V. 8. N.. In charge.
Movements of Steamers.
Cascade
Aurelia. A....
Peru
Santa Rosa...
M on tare
South Bay
Centra Ha
Coronado 1
Redondo
Norwood
Homer
City Puebla...
Manchuria.
Pomona
Eureka
Roanoke
j Humboldt
I Portland A Astoria
New York via Ancon..
San Diego A Way Pts.
Seattle
Grays Harbor
San Pedro
Grays Harbor
; Portland A Astoria
! Seattle
j Grays Harbor
i Puget Sound Porte
China & Japan
1 Humboldt
j Humboldt
I Portland
I Grays Harbor
I Grays Harbor
1 Nanalino
Wlllapa Harbor
Humboldt
Oyster Harbor
Seattle
Sydney A Way Ports
San Pedro A Way Pts.
San Diego & Way Pts.
San *Pedro
Grays Harbor
Coos Bay
Portland A Astoria
Seattle A Tacoma
Point Arena A Albion..
Portland A Astoria
Humboldt
Coquille River
New York via Ancon..
I Portland A Way Port*.
; Coos Bay A Pt. Orford.
! Coos Bay
: Seattle
! Puget Sound Ports
I San Diego A Way Pts.
j Mendocino & Pt. Arena,
: Mexican Ports
{Seattle A Belllngham..
Newport A Way Ports.
Tahiti
Seattle
Portland A Astoria
Honolulu A Kahului..
Due.
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 20
Jan. 21
Jan. 21
Jan. 21
Jan. 21
Jan. 21
Jan. 21
Jan. 21
Jan. 21
Jan. 21
Jan. 21
G. Lindauer.. .|
Chehalis
Edith
Sequoia ;
Arctic
Titania
Nevadan
Sonoma |
Santa Crus
State of Cal...'
San Pedro
S. Barbara
Czarina
G. W. Elder.
Centennial
Pomo
Northland
Corona J
Elisabeth 4
San Juan
F. Kilburn
Areata.....'...
Breakwater.. !
G. Dollar
Umatilla >
Queen
Point Arena..
Curacao j
Rainier
Coos Bay
Mariposa
Amasis
Columbia |
Nebraskan...
Pier.
Monica..
Nelson...
rona
cata
Rosa
ronado...
ntralla...
ax water.
noa
Bay
nt Arena
o
ella
meda....
noke....
wood....
t Bay...
imbla—
en
lona
Pedro..
eka
January 30. (
Grays Harbor ] 4 pmlPier 2
Humboldt 9 am Pier 20
Humboldt |l:30p!P!er 9
Coos B. & Pt. Orfdll2 mlPler 1.1
Puget Round Ports ! 4 pm Pier 9
Los Angeles Ports. 10 am] Pier 10
Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Coos Bay direct 8 pm Pier 8
Los Angeles Ports. 9 am|Pier 2
Los Angeles Ports. 12 mi Pier 27
January 91.
Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
N. T. via Aneon.. 12 m Pier 40
Hamburg & Way.. 10 am Pier 19
Astoria A Portland. 4 pm Pier 27
Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 13
Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
January 99.
Newport & Way.. 9 amIPler 11
Astoria & Portland 11 amIPler 24
San Diego & Way. 9 ami Pier 11
Jannary 33. | |
Humboldt |l:30p!Plcr 9
Humboldt 1 pm!Pler 2
Humboldt 12 mlPler 13
Los Angeles Ports. 1 pmlPier 2
January 94. |
Grays Harbor 5 pmlPier 2
Los Angeles Ports. 12 m|Pler 27
Astoria & Portland I Pier 2
January 35. |
Humboldt ..... 9 amIPler 2
Tuget Sound Ports 11 am|Pier 9
Grays Harbor Pier —
Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 20
Seattle & Tacoma. B pmlPier 20
Coos Bay direct... 5 pmjPler 8
January 36.
Hono. & Kahulul |Pler —
AVI! la pa Harbor ... 4 pmjPler 20
San Pedro A Way. 9 amIPler 11
San Diego & Way. 9 amjPler 11
Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pmlPier 2
January 37.
Seattle & Tacoma. I 5 pmlPier 20
Astoria * Portland|ll amIPler 24
January 98. | |
China & Japan 1 1 pm|Pler 40
N. T. via Ancon..|12 m Pier 40
Portland & Way.. | 4 pmjPler 27
January 30. I |
Puget Sound Ports. |llam[Pier 9
nianu..
ride....
Ic
Puebla.
0T ]
ibeth...
io
ina
tdan....
da
-us ■
I of Cal.
o
W.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. J Sails.*
Santa Clara... Vaides & Seward Man. 24
Jefferson Skagway cV Way Ports. Jan. 24
Ramona Skagway & Way Ports. |Jan. 24
Farallon Skagway * Way Ports. |Jan. 31
CIVIL KNOINEERS WANTED.—The United
Statee Civil Service Commission announces an
examination on February 16 at Los Angeles.
San Francisco, Marysvlile, Fresno and 'Reno,
for civil engineer, Philippine service. There
are foi'r vacancies at $1200 per annum and
two at $1400 per annum. Age limits, 18 to 40
years. Apply to the Civil Service Commission.
Washington, D. C or to Board of Civil Service
Examiners, 301 Jackson street, San Francisco,
for application forms 2 and 375.
BEE TAILOR AGAIN.—Bee Taylor ap
peared In Judge Troutt's court yesterday and,
acting as her own attorney, asked for a con
tinuance in the matter ,of the Taylor will con
test until she could take depositions in the
East. Judge Troutt refused to continue the
case beyond next Tuesday.
EUCLID E. RICE DlES.—Euclid E. Rice,
a native of New York, 76 years old, died sud
denly yesterday morning in the bathroom at
1122 Pine street. He had been under medical
treatment for heart disease.
WATCH THE
SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL
For Fashion Models of the '
Very Latest Garments
Beginning January 22, 1905, and for several
weeks thereafter, THE CALL will issue FREE
to all its readers a beautiful Colored Lithograph j
Fashion Model of the very latest modes, the first
of which will be a %m %m %k %* %*
Royal Blue and Black Walking Costume
With Hat to Natch.
In addition to the series of models there is a
figure printed (in colors) on heavy cardboard,
which is given with the first model issued by this
paper. Being printed on heavy stock it is not
easily mutilated or destroyed. All gowns fit this
figure, are strictly up-to-date and designed under
the supervision of one of the best fashion experts
in this country. Every little detail is attended to
with the greatest care. %* %h <m %m
Do not fail to secure these models—they will
prove of value in your dressmaking and also
serve as a doll to amuse the children. «*
m
Remember, FREE With The Sunday Call
For Sale by All Newsdealers* Price 5c
Order now and get series complete.
Patterns for these gowns may be se
cured through this paper. *• - •» v
SEE ORDERING COUPON PRINTED ON MODEL
HAS PENCHANT
FOR PILFERING
John Enright, Butler, Makes
Good Use of Opportunity
to Steal From Employers
John Enright, a butler, was arrested
yesterday by Detectives Harper and
Armstrong and Policemen O'Sullivan
and O'Donnell and locked up at the
City Prison till the full extent of his
peculations can be verified. At least
two charges of grand larceny will
be preferred against him, probably
others.
Enright had been a butler with M.
S. Koshland, Washington and Maple
streets, for two or three months. He
was discharged recently and soon after
it was discovered that a large quantity
of hand-painted plates, silverware,
cutlery, champagne and other-articles,
valued at over $800, were missing.
Suspicion pointed to Enright and the
police were notified.
The police went to a flat at 2302
Fillmore street, occupied by Enright
and his wife. They found it most
handsomely furnished and on the walls
and tables in the parlor were the
hand-painted plates stolen from the
Koshland mansion. A further search
revealed most of the silverware, cut
lery and champagne stolen from the
same place. The property was seized.
Many "other articles which it is be
lieved were stolen from residences
where Enright had been employed as
butler were also seized.
Among the articles was a diamond
crescent pin, valued at $300, which
was stolen from the residence of At
torney William Mintzer. 1000 Sutter
street. It was missed at the time En
right was employed as butler there.
After some questioning Enright ad
mitted that he had found the pin in
the laundry one day and had put it in
hit? pocket.
All the property recovered in En
right's flat Is in the custody of the
property clerk at the Hall of Justice
and the detectives are on the hunt for
other people who have had Enright as
a butler with the object of ascertain
ing whether they had missed any of
th€- articles seized.
MUST NOT INTERFERE. —Judge Hebbard
announced yesterday that the Board of Works
must not prevent Rebecca O. White from car
rying out the court's order to move her house
into the street until Anna Qaffney, whose
houses encroaches on Mrs. White's lot In the
Potrero, can move her domicile back one Inch.
The extra inch is needed to accommodate Mrs.
White's house, which now stands partly on the
lot and partly in the street.
ANOTHER VICTIM OF OAS. —Victor Con
signer! an Italian, 40 years of age and em
ployed 'as a teamster by John Cassarettt at
."Z Dore street, was suffocated by illuminating
sis last Wednesday night. He slept in a
room on the floor above the stable and failed
to shut off the supply of gas from a small
stove on which he had be?n warming a pot
of soup. He was found dead in bed yesterday
morning.
ADMITS CHARGE
WAS NOT TRUE
Frank Kramer Has Narrow
Escape From Becoming In
mate of the Penitentiary
Frank J. Kramer is congratulating
himself on his narrow escape from be
ing sent to the penitentiary on per- j
Jured testimony. His case was on
Judge Cook's calendar for trial yes
terday, Judge Gesford of Napa Coun- j
ty presiding, but it was dismissed on I
motion of the District Attorney on the
ground of insufficiency of evidence.
Kramer was arrested on complaint j
of Elsie Rogers, a girl eleven years of
age, who lives at 109 Van Ness ave
nue. At the preliminary hearing be
fore Police Judge Conlan the girl gave
strong testimony against Kramer and
she was corroborated by Mrs. Eupher
nle Guthrie, who kept the lodging
house at 109 Van Ness avenue.
Since the preliminary hearing Mrs.
Guthrie has left the city. This roused
the suspicions of the police and As
sistant District Attorney Ashe. Yes
terday morning before court opened
Ashe took the girl into the District
Attorney's office and closely ques
tioned her. She confessed that the
charge against Kramer had been
trumped up at the instigation of Mrs.
Guthrie, who wanted to get Kramer
and his family out of the adjoining
lodging-house at 107 Van Ness avenue
so that she could rent it and run the
two houses.
When the case was called the facts
were stated to Judge Gesford, who
also questioned the girl and expressed
the opinion that she W£>«» telling the
truth. The Judge, in dismissing the
Scase on Ashe's motion, animadverted
strongly on the action of Mrs. Guthrie,
saying it was a serious thing for any
person to advise another to trump up
such a charge against a man. He ex
pressed the hope that the woman
would he caught and punished se
verely.
Kramer was arrested on September
16 on a complaint sworn to by the
girl, who alleged that the offense had
been conihttitted on September 10.
Kramer was released at the time on
$2000 bonds and vehemently protested
his innocence.
CHAN ' CHEUNG GETS WRIT. —The Su
preme Court yesterday granted an alternative
writ of habeas corpus in favor of Chan Cheung.
The prisoner claims that the action of th<;
Grand Jury in indicting him, for murder and
of the Superior Court Judges in refusing to
give him his release on bail is Illegal. Argu
ments in the case will be beard by the Su
preme Court in bank this morning.
SUIT FOR SKIPPER'S WAGES.—Herman
Frenz brought suit yesterday in the United
States District Court against R. O. Hume,
St. Paul Fire and Marine Insurance Company,
Canton Insurance Company, Limited, of Hong
kong ai.d British American Assurance Com
pany to recover $671, balance alleged to be
due him as wages as master of the American
schooner Del Norte.
APVTSRTISKMIPrrS.
BIDS FOR
HAY
I will receive at my office, at
San Quentin, up to and includ
ing the 25th day of January,
1905, bids for 500 bales of first
class wheat or oat hay. The
same to be delivered at the
Prison Wharf.
J. W. TOMPKINS,
Warden San Quentin Stare
Prison.
BRAIN BAGS
The Board of Directors of San
Quentin Prison, on Saturday, the
14th inst., fixed the price of hags
at S I A cents each* reserving the
right at the end of sixty days to
change this price. Blank affidavits
and any further information con
cerning the purchase of bags will
be famished upon application to
the Warden. The limit of bags on
each affidavit is, by law, 5000.
J. W. TOMPKINS, Warden.
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
0 £2) 1061«U£S31IT.S«.|T«l7tt,8.r.0*1. A
\ Of Tbe Lawoet AaMoatiMi Musowa f> u>« \
Q —aaofcw. Wwld. Wuhmili or any aoatracterl A
7 ffayiHt dieaeea pMitl.*!? «ar«4 by tt>. olden T
f> IBQI *?«ciaiist on the Ceaat Sat. 3* fear*. 4)
d fljfgf OR. JORDAN—O'SEASES OF MEN 4
\ fffißMl Coaenlratioai free end erekrly primfe. \
m I VBl Treatment prrroo.l t or br letter A m
\IuT Tl ■ M **" Curs la mtj oaae undertaken. T
Alf 111 l Write foe Bock. t*IUIL«l«J«»Ptllf of A
V* fl ll' ■*■■!*>•«. MAILBB (Af
1 | II valuable bank for ram) A
V DB. IvBDAM a»«JO., 1«1 Mark at St .8. F. V
jßttmLXWmzM MEN AND WOMEN.
•Hm%9%TrmX£&*sA* Dm Bif *afornnnatara»
m\\\Wt* laa » b<tV dtachar|M.lDD«mmatloaa.
SMmW SMraataad ■ IrritaUoM or alcora-ioM
|Sf sot to etrieten. m of raaooat membrane*,
M» m rtunmm eaatacu*. raio'.aaa, aad no. aatriaV
IgSITBtETAIt ZHmm. CI. «»ot or poieoooßrt
MmimV Biwwuti,oJßMJ *>r #«•»••»
br expreea. prepaid, tat
«1 00. or a bettloc «2.7 ft.
■ Circular Mat Ml s*Qa«ft,
Weekly Call $1 per Year
1112
FREE—A Beautiful Paris Panel Photograph of Yourself
THE^CALL
JOHN D. sriiK( KKI.S. . _ProprieU)r
Address Communications to
JOHN MeXAUGHT. ... .MMMMgBt
W. J. MARTIN. . . .Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con
nect Tou With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Terms by Mail Including Postage (Cash With
Oder): _„
DAILY CALL flnelud. Sunday), 1 year.. .SB.OO
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 0 mos 4.00
DAILY CALL—By Single Month if*
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year _.b0
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 100
FOREIGN f Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
-j Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. Dally $8 go Per y ear Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Fample Copies will be forwarded when re
quested.
Mail subscribers in ordering change of ad;
drew should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
.prompt and correct compliance with their re
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1085
BERKELEY OFFICE.
tl4B Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Post Buil-Jlng
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 81
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Tremcnt House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Marquette Building.
(Long Distance Telephone, '"Central 2619.' )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOOB Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11- P- ni. _„
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
r<:3o p. m.
800 Hayes street; cpen until 9.30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 0:30 p. m.
fl.*> Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
J941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
3Of; Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
J096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Nrrtheast corner Church and Duncan streets;
. open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING* NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commaritiery No. 1, K. _± „
T.—Stated assembly ' THIS (FRI- TBF
DAT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. [Cgj
Business only.
CHAP. M. PLUM, Commander.
L. A. LARSEN. Recorder Pro Term
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. Q
will meet THIS EVENING at 7:30
o'clock Second degree. fVi
GEORGE PENLINGTON, j>ec.
APOLLO lxKlge No. 123. L O. O.
F. —Second degree THIS < FRI- j__~_fcflßS,
DAY) NIGHT Visitors cordially
invited. C. M. IRWIN. N. G. ' ■""W 1 "
W. F. NORCROSS, Rec. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, K. of ._E<»
P.. meets THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN-
ING at S o'clock. Pioneer building, JSg®
24 Fourth St. Esquire rank. Vis-
itors cordially invited.
JOHN McLORTON, C. C.
P_ N. McLENNAN. K. of R. and S.
SAN FRANCISCO Tent No. 18. _f__M^__
X O. T M.—Review THIS oSZ^^mWk
■ (FRIDAY) EVENING at 8 fIS-f ffit ffH
o'clock. Pioneer Hall, 24 WAS JrL cEI
Fourth st. wl^___r*ar
D. B. RICHARDS. \ffi§_l*2lF
Record Keeper.
• REGULAR meeting of the Caledo- v o s
nian Club THIS EVENING at 8 3k,
' ' o'clock, Scottish Hall, 117 Larkin T&KJLVZ
. ' st. D. D. McRAE, Chief. "^^S**
' JAMES H. DUNCAN, Secretary.
FOR Auld Lang Syne—The St. An- . «c_ v.
draw's Society will celebrate the 3k. 7%Sh
Huth anniversary of the birth of S^__tf_T
'• ROBERT BURNS on WEDNES
DAY EVENING, January 25, at Scottish
Hall. Larkin st. Address by Rev. William
Rader. An excellent musical and literary
programme, followed by a social dance; ad
mission 28 cents.
6TOCKHOLDERS' meeting (annual)—To the
stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany: Please take notice that the annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Oceanic
Steamship Company will be held at the
principal office of the company (I. c. _27
Market st.. room 4, second floor). In the' city
end county of Son Francisco, State of Cali
fornia, on SATURDAY, the 21st day of
January, A. D.. 1905. at 11 o'clock a. m
for the purpose of electing directors and for
the transaction of such other business as
may properly come before the meeting. The
stock transfer books of the company will be
• closed ten (10) days prior to said day of
. meeting. By order of the board of director
H. W. THOMAS, Secretary Oceanic
■ • Steamship Company, 327 Market st San
Francisco, Cal.
San Francisco. January 5. 1906.
' ."5_5 A PEST and best in America—The Weekly
??h "Pases, sent to any address in the
Ir.lted States or Canada one year for SI.
AGENTS WANTED.
.THE world'B squar'; a game for hotels sa
. loons and cigar stands; only 50c; big money
for the house. Box 4208. Call office. money
ATTORNEY■VAT-I_A'—'.
, Advice free in all legal
a specialty; quick quiet; no ray unless divorce
• ft , iTan £ 1 d: collections made; partnership bill of
sale, wills, deeds, etc.. drawn. Open evenings
by request.- Established 22 years. G W
HOWE, 1122 Market St., bet. Mason A Taylor;
R e._V, KINO. Attorney-at-law, Exam, bldg.,
oth floor; entrance room 611; established 20
years; all courts, general court and office
. practice; no fees in advance or for consulta
tion; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free; legal divorce, costs $12; all law
cases handled: no fee in advance; open Sat-
e -n nln f S: ° ther evenln *» »y appoint
ment, call and save money. 819 Market", r. 33
AA —? lvor oe: costs $12;quick,quiet:advlee free
all law business; no charge unless successful :
. .• °P*n evenings. 927 Market st.. room 301
IF you need a lawyer consult me at once; low
est fee. H. H. HEATH, 855 JamesJTlood big.
_ a o_n D S R T' ''"O'-ey-at-law. rooms~3
and 4. 240 Montgomery st.; phone Red 6617.
L 6. CLARK, 927 Market, room 304; consulta-
Uon free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
. AUTOMOBILES.
F 9 R _ alo " - * Se^ 50: 1004 -
24-horsepower Popo-Toledo. with canopy top!
Michclln tires; Al condition; owner going
East February 1. Box 4139. Call office.
ASTHMA CURE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma
S oo '.,. 1602 Market, St. Nicholas, alsrj
Wishart Tenth and Washington. Oakland.
, __SOA — OQsro jjfOß CHILDREN. •
SMALL children to boardTVxceilent
-^!f^ii-__- laay here " 3438 Seve "teenth st.
AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
• for cleaning carpets on floor without removal
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 808 Market st •
phones Main 162 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING S Pioneer Carpet-beat
ing works. 356-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har~
rlson st.; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE
DORN A CO.; phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth St.—First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
* ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st^:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 203, 1
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A- $-000; RESTAURANT and lodging house:
180 beds: rent $30; located Sacramento anil
Montgomery sts.; place clears about $:«>»• pee
month. See R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
A—S3OOO—CORNER grocery, kept by owner 9
years: doing a large business; owner has an
other corner grocery and bar for SfeoOo; must
sell eith»r one; take your choice; location
the best. See R. G. WILKE, 28% Kearny.
A—s7.V>— DRY goods and notion store in
Berkeley; rent SIS; 5 living rooms: a good
paying business. See R. G. WILKE. 20%
Kearny st. .
A—s2ooo: ONE of the best paying and elegant
furnished restaurants and oyster grottoes in
this city; location the very best; close to the
aters; 4 years' lease; investigate and make
offer. Call R. G. WILKE. 28% JCearny st.
A—sl2so; HALF interest in leading bakery,
coffee parlor or lunch room; across the bay;
retiring partner must leave for Germany at
once; bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 20%
Kearny st.
stand in leading
market; rent $26; stand does a *ood paying
business; value In sight. Call R- G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st.
A—s3ooo; CORNER saloon on Sixth St.; place
doing a good paying business; estab. years;
lease; a first-class business proposition. For
particulars see R. ( > WILKE, 26% Kearny.
BAKERY in lively town, 30 miles
from S F.; rent $27; 4 years' lease; baking
2 barrels per day; 3 horses, 2 wagons; large
store trade. Particulars R G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A—sBoo- OYSTER and chop house, close to
Market and 7th sts.; rent $29; good business,
owner must sell this place or his other
oyster and chop house on Montgomery aye.;
price $460; rent $16; come Investigate and
take your choice. R. G. WILKE. 28%
Kearny *t.
A—sl2oo; ROADHOUSE; 4 furnished rooms;
rent $16; lease; shuffleboard; place estab
lished many years; best location on San Ma
teo road. Call R. G. WILKE. 28% Kearny.
A—s22oo; CORNER saloon on California st.;
rent $76; old established business and good
raying place: fine fixtures: large stock; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—sl2oo; FRUIT and produce stand In leading
market; doing a business of $100 per day; 3
horses, 2 wagons: a splendid offer and rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 28% Kearny st.
A —$800; RESTAURANT and chop house; close
to 2 carhouses; 5 rooms; rent $33; established
years; doing a first-class business: investi
gate; this is a good business and a bargain.
Partleulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s4ooo; BAKERY and confectionery, estab
lished many years; baking 7 barrels per day;
6 horses wagons and buggy; one of the best
in this city. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—ssoo; HARDWARE, locksmith and electri
cal repair shop; established 26 years; best
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A—$1800; SALOON on water front, close to
Market st.: net rent $120; place established
many years and known as a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A—s3soo; LIQUOR store, with 5 years' lease;
$2000 stock guaranteed; one block north of
Market: a very rare chance. Call on R. G.
WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon:
daily receipts $50; rent $80; lease; place lo
cated close to Market and a good business.
Call on R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—$1000; HOTEL; a first-class paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen, with 6-year
lease; close to carhouse and other factories.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT for sale in-the best
mining town in the State of Nevada; dally
receipts $150: opposite the roundhouse; no
better paying proposition in Nevada. Partic
ulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s7ooo; BAKERY, one of the best in city;
monthly sales $6000; splendid chance for two
partners: not all cash necessary. Particulars
see R. G. WILKE 26% Kearny st.
A—s2soo; HOTEL in Sonoma Co.; 20 furn.
rooms; dining and bar room, bus, 2 horses,
cow,*etc. and 7 acres of land; 5 years' lease:
rent $50. or owner will sell whole property
for $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A—sl7so; CORNER grocery and bar. with 5
living rooms, on Sacramento St.; 4% years'
leas*: rent $45; the very best location. See
R. G WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s23so; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi
ness; 3 horses. 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best location;
a good cash business. See R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st.
A—$800; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon er
tab. 20 years and known as a good busi
ness. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearr.y St.
A—s24so; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash busi
ness; location can't be beat; value In eight.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
$375 —CORNER cigar stand; good stock and
fixtures; slot machine, cash register and
good-paying trade. 1007% Market st.
$150— BRANCH bakery and notion store in
Mission; rent $13; living rooms. 1007% Markt
$4200—CANDY factory and large retail store",
with both wholesale and retail trade; will
clear over $250 per month. 1007% Market st.
WANTED—Honest and sober man to look after
office and keep plain accounts; experience un
necessary; small capital required. 1007% Mkt.
FOR legitimate propositions
EUREKA REALTY CO. beats 'em all.
A few of our business chanoes.
ROADHOUSE; trial given; present owner
made fortune; every facility; will clear 5300
monthly; bowling alley; 10 fine furnished
rooms; rent only $32; lease If desired. EU
REKA REALTY CO.
SALOON—Nice, quiet trade; positively clears
t250 a month; must sell immediately; $1000.
lUREKA REALTY CO.. 1118 Market at.
TO INVESTORS.
WE HANDLE
High-class propositions only.
From $600 to $60,000.
Have dividend propositions paying all the
way from 5 to 20 per cent per annum.
Fullest Investigation courted.
Call or write for particulars.
J. W. JAQUITH A CO.,
James Flood building,
Rooms 874. 876 and 878; tel. John 2421.
A RESPECTABLE permanent cash businest
that's a monopoly, easily managed and ab
solutely free from any element of a get-rlch
qulck scheme or fake, is offered party with
some energy- and $1000 to invest, where wiUt
ordinary labor from $3000 to $6000 can bu
cleared yearly; owner of this business In
vites a close investigation, as it will be
truthfully represented in all respects: bank
and business references given. For personal
interview address box 4166, Call office.
F. A. BROOKBANEci
BUSINESS AGENT.
817 Market St., between Fifth and Sixth.
A—PARTY with $300 and services can secure
an Interest in well-paying business clearing
$200 to $250 monthly at present and same
can be easily Increased; must be sober and
with BROOKBANK.
A RARE opportunity for a man having $4000
to invest. He can act as resident manager
with salary of $150 per month, besides his
share of the profits, which will be several
hundred dollars monthly. For particulars
sec TONY LUBELSKI, Fischer's Theater,
San Francisco.
DOUBLE YOUR MONEY WITHOUT RISK—
$1 shares in new bank and trust company
this week. Only 50 cents required to be paid
In; WILL DOUBLE IN FEW MONTHS.
«_ P „ AC , IFIC COAST TRUBT COMPANY,
708 Market San Francisco, rooms 604-605.
$1000— GROCERY,"tJrodu7erbranch bakery and
delicatessen store; horse and wagon; receipts
$1200 per month; rent $15 and long lease;
trial given M. LESS CO.. room 31. Bacon
block. Oakland, Cal.
$3 ?°^. S _^ _* n . w anted as partner In es
tablished cash business; will pay on an aver
. age $90 per month to each; duties light;
ll* 1 ?, , _ a _ n « a : no nifht or Sunday work.
632 Market st., room 6. "
FOR sale at a bargain on account of having to
leave the State, the leading hotel In town
across the bay; has regular patronage and a
__5» bar „ tr^_ e: *-y ear lease. > Address box
4400. Call office.
GOOD florist business; north of Market st ;
transfer corner; long lease; cheap rent,
$3 60. Box 4333. Call office.
WANTED—Good business chance; man part
ner: saloon and restaurant; with experience
633 Clay st.
grain and boarding stable; estab
30 years; good place for wood and coal yard
owner retiring. 1318 Grove st.
WANTED—Lady with some means to manage
book and stationery department for publish
lng firm. P. O. box 1314, San Jose, Cal.
NEWSPAPER route for sate In Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
$1450 WILL buy gent's furnishing goods store
doingMSoodJius. 026 Western aye., Petaluma.
WANTED—Lady partner In rooming-house;
small capital required. 610 Geary st.
MAN or woman with $300; good-paying busi.
nets. Call 204 First st. i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 20, 1905.
__BUSINE SS CHAMES-^ciltoj^^
A —CAMERON & CO. -Phone South 1050.
:s Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters lor ali kinds of business chances.
A- $1S00; first-class saloon on fine corner,
wholesale dk-trict; rem only $M>; doing good
business; no night or Sunday work; big
opportunity. _cc CAMERON & CO.
A—sl36o; fine grocery and liquor store; extra
good location; long established; clearing $300
to $?0o per month; owner retiring, having
made fortune; good horse and wagon with
complete stock; biggest snap in city; fixtures
worth price asked. CAMERON A CO.
A—s36oo; tip-top stationery and bazaar; swell
location; long lease; cheap rent; stock and
fixtures up-to-date; never changed hands;
established 10 years; clearing n<-*f $3M) to
$3. r ;0 per month; best reasons for selling;
genuine snao. CAMERON A CO.
A—s3 Boo; first-class 3S-room country hgtel,
bar alone cost $1500; one of the best inland
towns :n State; 00 miles from S. F.; doing
good business; family troubles causing sale;
furnishing- new and up-to-date; now is your
time. CAMERON & CO.
A—sl3oo; first-class downtown short-order res
taurant and oyster grotto; elegantly fitted
up: doing good business, but sickness com
pels them to sell: none better in city; this
price is not one-half the cost of equipment.
CAMERON A CO.
A—s36o: good Market street cigar store; cheap
rent; well located under first-class hotel,
this to rare chance to get fine location and
business cheap. CAMERON & CO.
A—ss6oo; one of the best corner grocery and
bars in S. F.; downtown transfer corner; o
years' lease; cheap rent; doing big business,
but compelled to leave for Europe; here is
chance of lifetime to secure first-class busi
ness proposition that will bear investigation.
CAMERON A CO.
For sale—Well located, 3-chair barber shop
on Fillmore St.; rent $16; doing good busi
ness; old established stand; here Is a chance
to get paying business for little money;
owner leaving city; price $800. CAMERON
A CO. -
A—slsoo; well located cafe, billiard room, 2
chair barber shop, with 8 well furnished
rooms above: rent only $30; cost over $2500
to furnish; call and make offer as owner
must sell on account of other business.
CAMERON & CO.
WELL established manufacturing business,
big profits; present owner desires assistance
of energetic partner; $700 to $1000 required.
Mutual Investment Co.. 927 Market st.
DELICATESSEN store for sale; splendid loca
tion; fine trade; profits good. Address box
4096. Call office.
CIGAR stand for sale; reasonable; for good
reasons; good trade; fine location. Box 4198.
Call office.
I WISH to meet physician; business proposi
tion; Eastern man preferred. Box 4224, Call.
CIGAR stand for sale near theaters. Box 4398,
Call office.
CIGAR stand for sale on Fourth st. Address
box 4200. Call office.
FOR sale—Grocery' and bar in a fine location
in the Mission. Box 4300, Call office.
ARE you looking for a grocery and bar? In
quire 725 Folsom st.; price right.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
1 been opened at 1006 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
Phone (private line) Main 33-4-3.
Money to Loan.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 801. New James Flood Building.
Entrance opposite "Emporium." Offices near
elevators. .
Ask for Free List of
Hotels and Rooming-houses For Sale.
Our Specialty—lnstallment Sales.
All Titles Guaranteed.
154-room apartm c n t-|
house in fashionable]
part of city; clears $396
monthly; lease to 1908;|
partly furnished wlthj
oak and birdseye ma-j
pie; worth $12,000; will
sell for $7500; $2000
down; we back you lor
$5500.
60 rooms; new and
modern; electric lights;
6-year lease; rent $200;
price $3500; will be
sold on installments.
20 rooms; 8 blocks of
Market; rent $60;
clears $71 monthly;
newly papered, newly
renovated; electric
lignts; 2 floors; big '
bay-windows; price re
duced from $1700 to
$1100; $300 down and
small installments;
owner wants 40 or 60
room house.
11 large rooms, near
Sutter and Mason; rent
$45; Income $91 and 2
nice rooms for land
lady; little wsrk; all
new; cost $840; will
show bills; price $500,
either cash or install
ments.
22 rooms, neir Hyde
and Ellis; prlc? $!>l5;
rent $70; same owner
for 15 years; always
full; It's a gr-Mt snap.
NOTICE —We make
exchanges to suit sll
cases If you need
money to help make an
exchange come and se*
. us.
NEW and MODERN
28 rooms; corner house;
electric lights; 6-year
lease; very beautiful
furniture; full and
waiting list; owner
SICK IN HOSPITAL;
must be sold; see It
and make offer; In
stallment sale.
TRANSIENT HOUSE,
clearing $126 to $160
montly; let prcflt for
1904 was $1653; owner
must change -limate;
first payment $500,
then small monthly in
stallments.
GUARANTEED $300
MONTHLY PROFIT;
87 rooms and bar; 36!
rooms furnished; 411
rented unfurnished; I
rent $326 and a 3-year
lease; bar haa oig busi
ness; bar and fixtures
are very fine — cost
over $2000; price of
house and bar Is
—$4250—
cash or part cash;!
cause of sacrifice, ether;
Important business.
—EXCLUSIVELY—
for sale by us.
iN. B.—sloo down and
j $10 each month buys a
I splendid 10-room house
jon Geary st.; snap it.
HIGH - CLASS and!
beautifully furnished!
24-room corner on!
O'Farrell; extra sunny;:
monthly profit exactly
$72 _______
ANOTHER HIGH
CLASS house — Splen
did 37-room house on
Ellis st.; clears $175
monthly; STEAM
HEAT; hot and cold
water; FINEST EN
TRANCE In city; first
payment $1600; owner
anxious to buy a 68
-room house we have for
sale, also on Ellis, that
has an income of $430
over rent; It's -trictly
modern, too.
ABOUT 80 rooms, clearing from $250 to $300
a month; will sell or exchange for any
country proposition; will need about $2500 in
property or otherwise.
EUREKA REALTY CO.. 1118 Market st.
NEW FIRM—FISHER & CO.—NEW FIRM.
Successors to Mitchell & Co. in rooming
houses, hotels and flats. James Flood bldg.,
Powell and Market; r. 430. Phone Main 3354.
LEAVING city; bargain: if sold at once; B
room house; newly furnished. 460 Geary st.
FOR sale —At a bargain, first-class 21-room
lodging-bouse. Inquire at 725 Folsom st.
LODGING house for sale, reasonable; 14 rooms;
nicely furnished. Box 4298. Call office.
21 ROOMS at 238 Kearny; Income $220 month;
price $1750; lease; bargain. Call at room 9.
LODG-ING-HOUSES FOB___-^ E — °' n '
A—CAMERON & CO. Phone South/ 1050:
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
57-room, new and modern anartment house;
exquisitely furnished In weathere<l oak. ma
hogany and birdseye maple. Axminster and
velvet carpets: 2 and 3-room apartments: 5
years' lease; full first-class people; obliged to
leave for the East.
60 rooms, all light and sunny: close In:
beautiful new building; fine entrance: ele
gantly furnished throughout In weathered oak,
mahogany, birdseye maple, finest velvet and
Axminster carpets; long lease with chea.o
rent; clears $300 per month; never before on
market; illness of husband causes sale; only
with us.
12 rooms, well furnished; rent only $5 per
room; you can clear $50 per month and have
2 nice rooms for family; only $850.
For sale. 4 years' lease and business of 27
-room northeast corner house, well and com
pletely furnished and equipped boarding-house;
swellest location,in city; full permanent, first
class people; on account of departure soon
opportunity Is offered to start in business for
the small Investment of $500.
100 rooms, heart of business center; grand,
new, modern building with all the up-to-date
appliances; steam heat, electric lights and
elevator; furnishings and draperies of the
best; the cheapest rent in S. F. for down
town house; rare opportunity to get first-class
business that will pay $400 to $500 per month.
Owner must leave city; only with us.
6-room upper flat, corner, rent $60, lease if
wanted; beauttfully furnished; only furnished
one year and cost $1280; bargain at $650.
70-rootn country hotel;, best Interior town in
State; barroom. 2 dining rooms and 5-room
cottage besides; rent $100 per month; can get
10 years' lease; brick building; everything fine
condition; fine business proposition.
80-room famllv hotel on Nob Hill; ele
gantly furnished; all light ar.d sunny rooms:
choice location and clears fine Income; sick- .
ness In family compels being disposed of; make
offer.
16 rooms. Eddy St., $66 rent; oak and cherry
furniture; carpets good, and clears $75 per
month; leaves 3 best rooms for family; part
down, balance can be made from house.
40 rooms, brand new, up-to-date proposition;
beautiful building, furniture, carpets and drap
eries of the best; fine location; near Market;
cheap rent; 5 years' lease; clearing over $200
per month; all full nice roomers; any one
looking for first-class new house can't over
look this; part cash, balance paid out of
house; price. $3600.
36 rooms, part housekeeping: rent only $140;
oak furniture; fine carpets; clearing $160 per
month; long lease; can be had for $1800 down,
balance time at low interest.
14 rooms. Eddy, cheap rent: well furnished
In oak with good carpets; part housekeeping:
where you can clear about $50 and have nice
little home with small amount of work; price,
$800.
19 rooms, located In first-class neighborhood,
close In; rent la only $86; extra well furnished,
and clearing $61 per month; all full; part
housekeeping; price, $1400.
6-room modern flat; new 6 months; rent $25;
beautifully furnished; fine location, and cost
over $900 to furnish; snap at $400.
21 rooms, south Market; rent $85; well fur
nished and clearing $75 per month; cost over
$1200 to furnish; can be had for $850. with
one-half cash, balance 1 per cent.
9-room modern upper flat; rent $60. water
free; only 5 months furnished, with elegant
furnishings; choice block Ellis st.; $300
down, balance can be paid $25 per month.
Have large list of real estate, hotels, room
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
$575—BARGAIN, ten light rooms, good loca
tion: low rent; good income. 817 Post st.
■ A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at ICOB Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
To Consult
RICHARD MAYO
At Reduced Charges.
Complete clalrvoyaK readings. 50c this week.
No charge unless satisfactory.
You can be the Judge.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
Utter one word, he will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age, occupa
tion. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood
before you.
LOVE, COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs,
troubles, marriages, restores lost affections,
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quarrels
TELLS YOU WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY,
And how to WIN the man or woman you
Jove and how to make your husband or wife
be true to you, and how to overcome all
your enemies and how to make a person at
a distance think of you and how to DE
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM, THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS.
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable.
Ellis st —421A—Ellis st.
Hours—lo a. m. to 8 p. m. Private flat.
MME. LYNN.
The Eminent Clairvoyant—Psychic—Mystic.
SPECIAL REDUCTION THIS WEEK.
Readings 50c 50c- 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c 50c
Wonderful, bcv.-ilderlng is the work of
Mme. Lynn, whose readings are a revelation;
advice on love, marriage, courtship, business,
mines; also reunites the separated: gives
secret power to control any one in 21 days.
She tells you full name and what you want
to know. All business strictly confidential.
239 Powell St., near Geary.
Hours. 10 a. m to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medium, reads your life cor
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs of life; never failed to give satis
faction; 25c up. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
with second sight; tells pact. present, future:
ladles, 50c; gents by card 9. $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings, $1 50. 303 Jones,nr.Eddy.
LIVINGSTONE.
For reliable clairvoyant reading consult
LIVINGSTONE,
26% Kearny st.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market St., San Francisco. Office hours—lo
a. m to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis St.. clairvoyant,
crystal seer and life render, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques
tion; names given; $1; hours. 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clair. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c,
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
MME. KRONENBERG, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader; when others fall try me; read
ings 26c. 102% Sixth St.. near Mission.
MISS WARD, 1206 Market St.. parlor 31. clair
voyant, gives names, dates; take elevator.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reader ant
teacup; 25c up. 222% Eddy st.. lower flat.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings dally. 108 Cth st.,rooms 1-2.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
w SFIHITPALISM.
A—MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14, Gait House.
MRS. CRINDLE, materializing seance, Friday
evening, 8 o'clock. 60c. 328 Ellis st.
FRED P. EVANS, the world's most famous
slate-writing psychic. Office 1112 Eddy st.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium: 3568 17th
St.; readings 1 to 5; tel. Capp 556.
CATAKRH CURE.
JAPANESE Catarrh Snuff cures catarrh, pre
vents colds. Secure agency, 203, 927 Market.
CIIIROPODISTS.
MRS. ALEXANDER, removed to 412% Post
st.. opposite S. F. Gas Co. office.
CHEDIT CLOTH-EBB.
C. F. ADA_iS~CO., 318 Mason St.—Clothing
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from uc and have it charged.
CLOTHING RENOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1: scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, Examner hldg., r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery st., rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew
art's button A buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
___ DENTISTS.
A NEW plate—The Whalebone—Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns $3 50; fillings 50c:
plates, $5 full set: all work painless and
warranted! Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLuiI HILL, 1443 Market.nr Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
FILLINGS! 25.' and r,oc; crowns. $2. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; op.Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewitt.lol% Grant aye
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentist,r. 14.15t
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor.O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 60 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant aye.
EDUCATIONAL.
A—THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col
leges, is now In its twelfth year; the work
is better than ever before; departments In
English literature, languages, mathematics,
history, sciences, etc., cannot be surpassed
in excellence of instruction; two of the best
teachers in California are in charge of Eng
lish and of mathematics. Come and we will
prepare you well- Refs. President Jordan
or t*ny Stanford professor. Day and even
ing sessions. Phelan bldg.
AT 2 p. m., Mondays, Wednesdays and Thurs-
classes In short-story writing and
Journalism are taught at r. 333, Phelan bldg.;
terms very' moderate: Join these classes; in
struction thorough; real and rapid progress.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured: day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. 24
Post St., S, F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi
tions. S. F. Business College, 738 Mission st.
PIANO; Al London graduate; visits; Al re
sults; 60 successful scholars 1904; moderate.
005 McAllister st.
ENGINEERING—CiviI, elec. mln., mech., sur
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
ncr Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
Established 1863; largest In the West; an
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
IRVING Institute School for Girls. 2126 Cali
fornia St.; Easter term begins Tuesday,
January 3, 1906.
A—GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A—METROPOLITAN B«s. Col., 602 Van Ness
aye.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
DESTGN. strength, materials, graphic statics
machines, structures; evgs.; mail. 20 Hartford.
Arith.,gram.,bookkpg,shorthand.ss m.; day.eve.
mdlv. instruc. Western Bu«. Col., 1281 Mkt,n.9th
MME. PRILL'S Piano School. London Con.
2105 Golden Gate aye.; resident pupils taken.
BOOKKEEPING —Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR. expert. 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. 828 Height st.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hin
man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND - taught thor'ly by mall and per
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgomery.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.—Night class.
SPANlSH.French.etc.Prof.De Fllippes Academy
of languages. 1018 Post; est. 1871 ;ablest profs.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A—ORPHEUM Employment Office—Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.; tel. Main 5752.
A—JAPANESE and Chinese help. W_
YOSHY, 415 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 869.
CHINESE Employment Office—Best help at
Leon Seung's, 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 428.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of
fice; all kinds help. 316 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY fe CO.. 640 Clay.
J^LOT^SiT_jyA«TOD—-FEMALE.
A NUMBER of reliable household help have
been registered since the first of the month;
cooks, waitresses, laundresses, nurses (for
infants and grown children), seamstresses,
ladles' maids and housework girls. For par
ticulars telephone to MISS PLUNKETT.
Main 6472, 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
SITUATION wanted by first-class Scandina
vian cook with 18 months' references from
last place Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 Sutter st.
STENOGRAPHER—I 2 years' experience with
best New York houses; 7 years with last firm;
quick, neat, accurate; salary. $12 60 to $15
per week; references furn. Box 4211, Call.
BRIGHT, energetic, well educated young lady
with business experience, quick at figures,
writes good hand, desires position. Box
4993. Call office.
A YOUNG German girl desires position to as
sist In housework or upstairs work with
small family; cannot speak English. Apply
661 Geary st.
COMPETENT dressmaker would like engage
ments by the day; $1 50; dresses altered; per
fect fit guaranteed. Box 4955, Call office.
STENOGRAPHER—A thoroughly competent
young lady wishes position immediately. Box
4122, Cal! office.
YOUNG lady would like a place to work by
the week or month, at general housework.
Call at 1096 Clay St.; phone Black 2694.
A RELIABLE Canadian woman wishes cook
ing and housework In small'private family.
Call 1575 Fifteenth st.
COMPETENT cook wishes position In private
family; can do American and German cook-
Ing; in city 4or country. 1815% Webster st.
A WOMAN wants a position to assist In house
work. Apply 1607 Howard st.
YOUNG lady desires position to do clerical
work in office. Box 4331. Call office.
WANTED—Position as stenographer. 1419%
Scott »t.
N"AT. reliable nurse wants care of Invalid or
infant. Phone South 1162.
YOUNG lady would like position as saleslady
in small store. Box 1080, 1008 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes position In hotel
or restaurant. Address 509 Post st.
LADY takes washing home; open-air drying
Phone Page 7931.
CHAMBERMAID wants position. Box 1603
Call office. Oakland.
WAITRESS wants position. Box Call
office. Oakland.
COMPETENT girl wishes general housework
and cooking In American family; small
washing; is kind to children. 612 A Octavla
near McAllister.
TWO ladles, energetic, refined, well educated
with good references, would like the manage
ment of a business or to travel for reliable
firm; salary. Box 4218. Call office,
NEAT young woman wishes situation as lady's
maid; understands hairdressing manicuring
can sew; $30; references. 1372 Tenth st
Oakland.
A RELIABLE woman wants position as housed
keeper In institution, hotel or apartment-
Al references; call after Sunday. Phone
South 1162
WANTED —By refined lady, with little son of*
8, position as housekeeper and cook for few
men on ranch, where she can keep her child
with her. Box 4284, Call.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day;
washing, ironing or sweeping; $1 50 and car
fare. Box 4155, Call.
A YOUNG girl wants position as second girl;
also a waitress. Call 391 Bryant, between
First and Second.
SITUATION by experienced cook and helper,
pastry and meat cutter, hotel; references;
city or country. Box 4263, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman with a small child
would like position where she can have good
home in country. Box 4230, Call office.
ALL kinds of family sewing, also dressmaking,
by day or at home. 408 Clement at., Rich
mond District.
STRONG German woman want- washing cr
cleaning bj* day; .-eferences. Send postal to
118 Russia aye.
A YOUNG girl, *6. wishes situation to assist
in light housework; no children. Box 4223,
Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes a position In small res
taurant, or to do chamber work. Call or ad
dress 944 Howard st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED —Female—Con
LADY stenographer with 6 months - experience
wishes position in wholesale or retail store;
can give fine references. Address L. C. R-,
box 3_92, Call office.
A LADY wishes a position as a first-class
cook; best of references: wages $30. Ad
dress M. M. X.. 1205 Stockton st.
A THOROUGHLY experienced stenographer
desires permanent position; best of refer
ences. Box 4054. Call office. _____
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day;
washing, ironing or sweeping; $1 50 per day
and carfare. Box 4156, Call.
WOMAN wants a place to care for a baby or
assist. Call at 609% Minna st.
NORWEGIAN girl wishes situation for general
housework. 262 Thirteenth st.
EXPERIENCED nurse: good references. 311
Polk St.; phone Howard 3483.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants position in pri
vate family; Jews preferred. Box 30<6, Calyj^
A WOMAN would like washing and mendllflF
to take home. 713% Minna et., near Eighth.
A YOUNG Japanese girl wishes position as
plain cook and housework, near eleventn
block of Van Ness aye., for a family of less
than four; wages $4 50 week. 8. SAKAKI,
14J»4 Fulton st. \
EB-FLO YMENT WANTED—M-SJC-3.
ATTENTION, SAN FRANCISCANS! AH A
NEW YORK LAWYER (34) OF STANDING
AND ABILITY; DOCTORS ORDER
"CHANGE OF CLIMATE FORSELF_ANI>
FAMILY"; WHAT CONNECTION, BUSI
NESS ASSOCIATION OR MANAGERIAL
POSITION CAN YOU OFFER ME? Al
REFERENCES. L. BARNESS, 7 WEST
TWENTY-SECOND ST.. NEW YORK CITY.
■ —
THOROUGHLY experienced grocery clerk and
first-class salesman, with very best of refer
ences, wants engagement. Box 4251, cau.
A YOUNG man, formerly marine fireman and
oiler. Al references, wishes position as fire
man or oiler, coal or oil, or engineer or
small plant: understands pumps, dynamos,
steam engines and steamfltting. Box 4201,
Call office. | .
A FIRST-CLASS carriage trimmer, experi
enced wants a position In the city or coun
try. Box 4334. Call.
COACHMAN—Rider and driver; can handle
huntent.and polo ponies: can be highly rec
ommended. Box 1687, 1008 Market at.
YOUNG Greek desires to learn Iron work
trade under engineer of engines or ma
chinist's Job; low wages. S. G.. 258 Harriet.
SALESMAN desires position. 1419 Webster st.
BOOKKEEPER wishes position. 807 Grove st.
OFFICE boy wants a position; good references.
Box 4328, Call.
A YOUNG man wants position as collector or
checker: age 21. Box 4960. Call. ___
WANTED —By man and wife, competent to
take charge of hotel, restaurant, rooming or
apartment house, or other place where they
can work together; no objection to country;
Al cooks; best of references. Box 4336. Call.
YOUNG man, business ability, bookkeeper,
stenographer, ten years' general office ex
perience offers service, view acquiring in
terest paving business; city or country.
Refer*nces given. Box 3134 Call.
BAKER' and pastry cook wants work; young
man. first-class bread baker; will work In
restaurant institution or anywhere; ice
creams, puddings, etc. Box 4372. Call.
AS attendant to invalid or mental patient by
competent reliable man; responsible refer
ences, massage or any treatment prescribed;
terms moderate. Box 4221, Call office.
RELIABLE German, neat and clean, kitchen
man, for general work, all-round, desires
employment; handy, useful and willing; city
or country. Box 4109, Call office.
GARDENER, first class rsingle). of long ex
perience in landscape gardening, growing of
flowers and greenhouses, wishes a situation
on private place; references. Box 4006. Call.
AS attendant to Invalid or mental patient by
competent, reliable man; responsible refer
ences; massage or any treatment prescribed;
terms moderate. Box 3117. Call office.
ALL-ROUND cook and baker wants work;
references If required; young man; good
meat cutter, etc. Box 4371. Call.
POSITION wanted by chef cook and wife; city
or country; hotel or restaurant. Box 4369,
Call office.
YOUNG man would like a position driving de
livery wagon: knows city; good references.
Box 4123, Call.
BARBER, middle-aged, wants a Job for $9 per
week or percentage: good workman. Address
Barber, box 4219, Call office.
STRONG young man with six months' experi
ence wishes work In a bakery. Address
FRANK SCHROEDER, 1112 Taylor st.
COMPETENT restaurant manager or cook
wishes position; country preferred. Box 1688,
1008 Market st.
A YOUNG man, expert bookkeeper, wishes a
small set of books for evening work; can give
city and country ref. Address box 4032, Call.
SITUATION wanted as collector or any out
door occupation; no canvassing; references
and small cash security. Box 4369. Call.
STRONG young man would like a position as
teamster; knows the streets well. Box 4262.
Call office. ■ •
FIRST-CLASS shop butcher desires position;
city or country. H. CHESTER, box 4325.
Call office. _|
COLORED minister, pastoring a city church,
desires situation during the week. 1420 A
Powell st.
YOUNG man would like to 'finish knowledge
of the barber trade in good 6hop. Box 4290,
Call office.
BRIGHT young German, one year In Frisco,
expert grocery clerk, with best references,
desires position of any kind. Box 4087, Call.
COMPETENT bookkeeper wants position or
books to adjust: city or country. Address
8., 208, Merchants' Exchange.
RELIABLE clerk, having 10 years' experience
in accounting department, wants clerical
position In any line. Box 4319. Call office.
FANCY cake baker would like steady position;
city or country. Box 4226. Call.
BARBER, American, temperate, wants posl
t'on: steady or extra. Box 4125, Call.
YOUNG man would like a position traveling;
can give good references. Box 4138, Call.
AN all-around butcher wants position in city
or country. Box 4261, Call office.
PAINTER, paperhanger. tinter; will work by
day or Job: estimates given. Box 4383, Call.
AN expert chainman. rod—an. surveyor's as
sistant wishes employment. Box 4268, Call.
BUTLER—Reliable, competent Japanese de
sires position: references. Box 4273, Call.
COUPLE (Japanese) want positions; man good
cook, wife general housework or nurse; very
good references; city or country. Address
NODA, Episcopal Mission. 1304 Post St.;
phone Sutter 4132.
A JAPANESE young man wants situation,
porter and general housework; has several
years' experience: references. GEORGE
1888 Larkin; tel. Larkin 2713.
A JAPANESE good boy wants a position as
sihoolboy. J. YAMAMOTO. 744 Post st ■
tel. Sutter 1731.
A JAPANESE good boy wants a position at
housework. S. INEI, 744 Post st. • tel
Sutter 1731.
A JAPANESE boy wants position as kitchen
help, washing. MINYA. 417 Jones St.- Tel
Hyde 1675. t
A JAPANESE, honest boy. wants a position
as schoolboy: wages $1 a week. F. YAM \
TO. 1303% Castro st.
A JAPANESE boy wants a situation as waiter
or office boy: speaks very well. WILLIAM
Si) Bush «t.
A JAPANESE wants a position in family
first-class cook; reference; wages $7 to SS «
week. FRANK. 248 Ellis St.; tel. Jessie 624
AN elevator boy, experienced Japanese, wishes
a position as elevator or office boy X Nil.
MAMOTO. 1615 Polk st. ; phone Larkin' 2700.
PRIVATE position wanted by handy Japanese
to work in stable or milk cow. AcHress g'
A. N., 319 Grant aye.
JAPANESE honest boy wants a position as
plain cook and housework. OKATSU 406
Post st.
A JAPANESE good cook wants position. Just
morning or evening. KURU, 931 Sacra
mento st.
A JAPANESE young boy wants a position as
schoolboy or housework. 604 Dupont st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—Mai o—Con.
A TRUSTWORTHY and competent young Jap
anese boy. speaking i?ood English, would
like a place to do light housework and plain
cooking In a small family; best of reference.
Box 43-fl. ' all.
XTgOOD Japanese boy wants a situation is
schoolboy; speaks well. R. NAKANO. care
of Jap. M. E. Mission, 1329 Pine st.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants position to r)o
work In the city. L N-. 11l Austin aye
JAPANESE boy wishes situation for plain
cooking and housework. 0.W.. 2142 Fillmore.
GOOD Japanese cook and housework. Address
SUMI. 313 Sutter st. Tel Black 4241.
CHINESE first-class family cook. DEE, 714
Washington st.
CHINESE first-class cook wants place; plain
washing. DEE GUNG, 1024 Stockton st.
ECZEMA CUBE.
|B§J"B_FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
,or barber itch that I can t cure; a trial
treatment free DR. BROWN 54 Sixth at.
/[) raARCUL.
LOAN of $18,000 on 123 acres of orange orchard
_,ln Palermo. Butte Co.; 17 years old: in full
■bearing; this year's crop. 123,800 boxes;
picked and shipped.
Wanted—Some Realty Byndicats eertlfl
cates at 70 cents.
Also Oakland Crematory Association stock
at $32 50.
For sale—3o,ooo shares of Socrates Quick
silver Company at 30c; no treasury stock has
Krm sold for less than 40c; 60s has been
Id and Woodland Bank has loaned on the
same at 44c. $30,000 Turlock irrigation bonds
at 90c. W. E. BARNARD. 476 Tenth St..
Oakland.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE^
Capital paid In $4,600,000 00
Surplus 940,901 St
Issues
Six per cent
i Investment Certificates
At par. i;
Office—No. 14 Sansome st-
Pan Francisco. Cal.
REALTY Syndicate certificate ridiculously
cheap. 136 Ninth st.
FLATS TO LET.
A—HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this deoaitment; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 246-50 Geary
st.. ofi tbe square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let: every de
sirable vacant place In San Francisco osj
cur lists; service absolutely free: let us find
you a place; come In and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "we
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company.
1039 Market st.. opp. McAllister.
$35—159 CENTRAL aye., 7
$30—310 Guerrero st., 6 rooms.
$25—565 Third aye., 6 rooms.
$25—15 Kisling St., 6 rooms.
Apply on premises.
NINETEENTH, 3980.~b10ck from Eighteenth
or Castro ears—Lovely sunny lower flat. 6
rooms with extra room on porch: key lot;
$23 50; water free; must be seen. etc.
NEW, swell sunny flats. 6 rme : every possible
latest convenience; close to the main entrance
to park; 5 car lines; one runs all night. Ap
ply 7th aye.. nr. Fulton st.; open 12 to A
MISSION. , 3007*4. near 26th—9 rooms and
bath; rent $25 month. Apply McKAT A
CO.. 2955 Mission st.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 2085-2087. nr. Central—
New sunny flats; frescoed, tinted: 6 rms..
bsth and 6 rms., bath; attic; 2 basements.
NEW, elegant flats; latest Improvements; Just
finished; park panhandle. STRAUB, 630
Market st.
MISSION. 1148—A nicely furnished flat of 4
rooms, complete for housekeeping: reasonable.
9 SUNNY rooms. 26 -Stelner st.; in front of
the beautiful Duboce Park.
CHURCH, cor. 15th—Elegant, modern, sunny
top flat. 8 rooms, bath, basement; $37 50.
SUNNY flat. 5 rooms, batk. 4 Tonningsen
place, oft* Howard, bet. 12th and 13th sts.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LY°N _ HOACI. 11ft Montgomery >t.
FLATS FOB SALE—PURNI iHED.
NEW 10-room flat. Just furnished, full room
ers; cash or time; no agents. 582 Geary st,
FOR sale —House of 8 "-corns, well furnished,
good location. Immediately, at Sl9 Taylor st.
PINE. 732 —For sale, bargain, part furniture
flat 5 rooms and bath; rent $25: make offer.
FLATS TO LET—FURNISHED.
COMFORTABLE flat of 6 rooms and bathT
3726 Twenty-third st. near Dolores.
FURNITURE WANTED,
YOUR BUSINESS"—W# p_
the most money for furniture, carpets, office
fittings, merchandise and houses. MARK j
LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market s_. be
tween 9th and 10th. Phone South 178.
ABE LEV% ~
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761,
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L H
BURP, sue. 1636 Market; phone Jessie 2336
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 818
CALL on Alfred Wo 11 pert. 773 Mission st., be
fore selling your ruralt_ re. Phone Red 4482.
HELP WANTED—FEMALE.
* "'■*""""
Chambermaid and laundress, $30.
3 second g'.rls, $25-$3 O.
Scandlvanian or Protestant cook for 8 ha
family. 830.
2 infants' nurses. $25-$35.
Butler, call this morning, 840.
Housework, Ross Valley, 830.
4 waitresses, country hotel. $28.
Woman to work In baths, 840.
Waitresses, city hotels, $23 $27 SO.
Second girl. Fruitvale. $25.
Housekeeper for 2 men, $26.
Second girls, Berkeley, $20.
And a large number of housework girts,
city and country. $15-530.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT A CO., 884 Sutter.
A NURSE for 2 children. cltyTsSO " '
A German nurse. 2 grewn children, $30.
A French nursery governess, grown child. $30
A waitress and parlormaid, $30; see party
here.
A nurse for an Infant, $26.
10 waitresses, Southern California.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Buttsr, nr. Powell.
10 WAITRESSES for Southern California. For
particulars call, write or telephone MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Butter sC
ALL Scandinavian girls seeking employment
are cordially invited to call on MRS.
STORMER, 1408 Van Ness aye., to-day, 10-5.
WANTED—Young lsdy who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS/ >
YOUNG lady who Is an experienced dry goods
cashier wanted. Apply between 9 and 11
a m. at HALE BROS,'
EXPERIENCED dry goods saleswomen want
ed. Apply between 9 and 11 a m. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED—A German girl to take care of a
boy about 2 years old: must understand
some English and speak German correctly;
satisfactory references required. Address
M. S.. room 231 Crocker bldg.
Few ladles to assist making new line decorative
fancy work; requires some taste, but no ex
perience or talent; piece work to take home:
about 10c per hr. at first. Call 9to 5. 1344 Mrkt.
GOOD cook, one who Is also good on pastry
in a delicacy store; no night or Sunday work.
1418 Pork st.
WANTED —A neat, competent cook and laun
dress in the country, near Napa. Apply
'2284 Bush St., near Stelner.
A BOOKKEKPFR. ss week:
necessary. Call at 425 Sutter st, nr. Powell.
A GIRL to assist In kitchen housework in
city; $13. 610 Clay st.
GIRL wanted for general housework; easy
work; good pay. Apply 2033 Oak st.
GIRL wanted for housework and plain cook
ing. 1348 San Bruno uve., near 24th St.
WANTED —Ladles to leara halrdressing. man
icuring, facial massage>and scalp treatments;
4 weeks completes: expert instructors: call
or -.rite. Moler System Co . C 49 Sacramento.
A NEAT young girl for upstairs work and as
sist in care of baby; wa_es $16. 1909 Bu
chanan st. •
ALL halrdressing, manicuring, face massaz*
and scalp treatments are free st the Moler
System College, 649 Sacramento; hours !-*-Artistically Made by the Elite Photograph studio--FREE
HELP WANTED—FEMALE—Continued.
NURSE toP 2 children, Berkeley, $30; second
gtrl, Napa, $26; Oakland, $25; two second
girls; city, $26; house girl, $30; cook and
second girl, same house, $35 and $25; nurse,
1 child, $26; housegirl, San Mateo, $30;
.Berkeley. $30; Sausalito. $30. MRS. NOR
•' TON. 608 Mason st. •
; GIRLS to learn halrdressing, manicuring, etc;
- trade taught from A to Z in 2 wks. j tuition
$S to. those entering now; 3 positions to fill
' - Immediately; positions guar, at $10 per week
up; only recognized college of Its kind on
cosst; day and eve. class. 233 Geary, r. IS.
.-WANTED—GirIs to learn millinery now for
..; spring season; both seasons taught from start
. to. finish In one month for $15; positions as
Ir'triirrters. salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
■$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled by
' first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton st-, r. 13.
''A—PACIFIC College teaches halrdressing,
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
secognised college of Its kind on coast; day
'. and evening classes; all parlor work at re
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVBR
• ALLS; JUMPERS AND COATS; NO HX
';.' PERIEMCB NECESSARY: STEADY WORK;
': GOOD PAT. LEVI STRAUSS A CO., 82*
.■•.•■riUEieONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
; : nr Oakland, cor. ioth and clay sts..
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON
V OVERALLS: NO EXPERIENCE NECES
SARY; STEADY" WORK; GOOD PAY.
: \ J__VX STRAUSS A CO.
■YOUNG German girl for general housework.
•*.'.. 8096 Mission St., corner Seventeenth.
-YOUNG girl to assist at light housework. 4687 ,
; . Eighteenth st.
: COMPETENT help furnished on short notice. ]
. -MRS. LEWIS. 507 Powell; phone Main 3373.
—ELF WANTED—SCALE.
• ' AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU,
■ 891-302- Starr King bldg., 3d floor, 121 Geary.
-.'..Conducted on Strictly Business Principles.
Positions secured for:
.Office men. Assistant bookkeepers.
. Bookkeepers. Hotel clerks.
. Stenographers. Railroad clerks,
v Office managera Timekeepers.
*. Correspondent clerka Collectors.
•-. Accountants. BUI clerks.
..Buyera Shipping clerka
.- Traveling salesmen. Law office clerka
.Manager for dept. stores. Entry clerka
' Cashiers. Cigar clerks.
•"■Credit men. Dry goods clerks.
. Secretaries. Receiving clerka
-'.fterjeral office work in all lines of business.
- Offices and representatives in other cities.
. Apply American Commercial Bureau,
. 801-302 Starr King bldg., 3d floor. 121 Geary.
*"■ COMMERCIAL CLEARANCE COMPANY.
:- 415-416 Jtarr King bldg.. 121 Geary st.
■-.Investigate our plan for securing positions
- for competent men in office, salesmen and
■ technical lines. Our charges are moderate and
cur system unequaled. Our bulletin reaches
• all of. the leading bustness concerns of the
• city every 'week. Our system is a great aid to
employers in securing high-grade men. henos
"our sucosSS In finding positions for competent
' men.
INDEPENDENT EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
612 Merchant st.; phone James 5676.
A' glazier, active, young man, for city.
'! •' A porter, for city hotel.
■ _ slnsle hand miners, steady Job.
'~ . 2 i ment mixers, city work.
..• boy for hotel, country.
. '•; A representative in each town* for S. F. firm;
. • re's)dent_ who can put in part of their
-timt preferred.
012 Merchant st.
AT HORD A SMITH'S,
: Contractors' Agents. 96 Third st.
I'iumber. city, contract.
. Plasterer, city, contract.
Solicit) r. tea and coffee, 50 per cent com
mission.
V, iri for dye works, experienced, $20.
T« amsters, bay shore. $2.
• A—HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Portrr, city hotel. $_5.
'SPECIAL meeting by order o. Local No. 148,
Barbers' T'nlon. MONDAY EVENING. Jan.
23 Business of great importance. Fine $1
■ ' will be enforced for non-attendance.
.'_. J. L. FRANKLIN. President.
. WANTED—Master joiner, $« per diem, Naval
. . Stnti- n, Guam. L. I. An examination will
be held at the navy yard. Mare Island, Cal.,
. February 4. 1906, to fill the above position.
For application and further information ad
, drtss "COMMANDANT, Navy Yard. Mare
Island, Cal."
• ATTENTION!
\\ c have opened a first-class barber college
in Connection with our Lis Angeles college;
8 weeks completes the trad? under our ex
. .pert instructors; wages) paid while learning;
.'positions guaranteed; next ten students at
• half our reguiar price; call or write. Ad
dress i.ILLMAN S COLLEGE. 627 Clay St.
WANTED —One or two men to learn a trade;
.• ' must have $10 security; no Sunday work.
. Call 212 First st.
BARRER shop wanted; will exchange Edison's
'-. , Home phonograph with over 100 Edison rec
ords part payment. Add. O. A. C. 1456 Ellis.
■' -A—HONEST boy. 16 to 18, in grocery. Apply
. Church and Clipper ste.
.'WANTED—A first-class butler. Address box
' "... 49(51; Call office.
, • BARBER wanted. 504* Broadway, for Satur
'• _Ay and Sunday. ■
'TO. be an expert barber go to Gillett'e School;
'.cheapest and quickest. 611 Commercial st. .
' ..TAILOR wanted. 220 McAllister st.
' BOOTBLACK wanted Jn barber shop. 1006
Mission st.
. WAITER wanted for chophouse. 200 Eighth
street. v
•
•BARBER shop for sale; 2 chairs. 915 San
•' ■' Pablo aye , Oakland.
' W. ANTED —Men to learn the barber trade at
•the original JNO. A. MOLER'S BARBER
- • COLLEGE, 644 Clay st.; 8 weeks completes;
positions guaranteed; expert Instruction;
•: ' wagei while learning. Call or write (correct
number) 044 Clay st.
. WANTED--Teacher to go to Nevada to fill
out an unexpired term; $80 per month and
■.transportation; refs. required. Box 8614.
■ Call .office.
■ .' ' — ' ■
WANTED—Men to learn the barber trade; 3
■ completes; positions guaranteed: ex
.pert instructions; wages while learning.
Call or write Mqler Syr. Col., 649 Sacramento.
. 'WANTED—Men snd boys to learn plumbing
•''Trade; Coyne Rro*. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send fcr catalogue. Address 4973
-•: 75 Easton aye., St. Lcuta, Mo.
WANTED —Men to prepare for railway mall.
Internal revenue and custom-house positions;
■free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti
tute, Grant bldg., 1095 Market; open cvngs.
■WANTED—Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
• .'adder! 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
.. 217 Third St.; 250 rooms: 28c to 50c per night.
WANTED—IOOO barbers to use Edge-Oline;
makes honing easy G. A. TROST BARBER
'. SUPPLY CO., 308 Mason st.
J'.A'RBERS--A neat 3-chair shop: good loca
'tlon; rent reasonable; will sell cheap on ac
. 'count other business. 729 Mission st.
CHANCE for three young men to learn the
barber trade absolutely free of charge; don't
miss this. 761 Mission st.
•WA NTED—To rent barber shop In Santa Crus
or Monterey counties, or openlr.ir 'or '>n».
If. E. 8., general delivery, Petaluma. Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 60
.pair; foot-form shoes. $2 60; we pay express
■ charges. 11 3d st..Exam, bid.; open till 9 p.m.
• WANTET>—Men to fill 850 rooms at 20c per
.night; clothes closets, hair msttresses. elec
tric light In every room. 681 Howard. nr^ad.
■' GET your shoes half-soled while fvslting: 38c
to 60c. 671 Mission st.. bet. Ist snd 2d sts..
or M Third st.. Examiner building.
WAGON boys wanted. Apply this morning,
; superln'endent's office, the Emporium.
FOUR-CHAIR harber shop for sale, cheap;
.- owner going East. 218 Montgomery aye.
BARBER shop for sale. 760* Howard st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
. Law A Adjustment Co.. 48 Second st., r 633.
W ANTED—Young man to work for his tuition
In S: F. Barber School. 741 Howard st,
SAILORS snd young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st.
■MEN to learn the detective business: paid
while learning. 997 Market at., room 104.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St., where shoes are re
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 min..76a
PENSION atty.. B. A. Bullls. r. 48, Phelan hid.
Past Com. Oso. H. Thomas Post. G A. R.
HELP WANTED—MALE—Continued. :
A—MURRAY A READY. 634-986 Clay st. ;
Pbone Main 6848.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIFE; THE ;
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We gave In 1903 1906 we hope to j
60,000 men work Increase 80,000.
MEN AND WIVES. 1
Farmer and wife vineyard. Santa Cms Co., ;
see boss hare, 840 and found.
Tile setter, city Job, steady. $4 day. j
Man run card machine, city factory, $8 26
day.
FARMS AND DAIRIES.
Teamsters, farmhands, choreboys, choremen,
pruners for vineyard, milkers and butter
makers.
HOTEL" ETC.
I waiters. nofeT. Southern California. $26 !
and found; cook, country hotel, $40 found.
Cooks, waiters dishwashers, kitchen hands.
Cook and wife', north, $80.
Bell and elevator boys.
Oyster man, $46 and found.
MURRAY A READY. 834-886 Clay St. ;
BTEAM SHOVEL.
Steam shovel foreman, see boss here, $100 fd.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL.
Harnessmaker. camp, $76, see boss here;
cement finisher, $3 60 day; buttermaker and
milker, south. $35 found.
MAN ANY) WIFE.
Man and wife for country institution, nan
for chores, wife to cook, $40 to $66 and
found, good job.
Butcher for Nevada $40 fd.. see boas hers.
Bookkeeper, country store, south, $76.
Carriage painter, country shop, $3 day.
Second laundryman, Institution, $25 found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 (Hay st.
WINCH ESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar
ket —700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite *
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions r*oelved~at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
ALL stses men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price 671 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
FOR sale--Business and saddle horses; second
hand buggies, surreys, victoria, wagonette
and harness. 24 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale cheap, express wagon, 2 hor3*s,
harness; all first-class order. NW. cor. .
Turk and Taylor, at stand.
WANTED—Good road horse about 1260 lbs.:
about 8 years old; must be gentle (no mare).
Address box 1606, Call office. Oakland.
WILL give our hauling account to purchaser
of our single truck and draught horse. CHI
CAGO AND S. F. GROCERY CO.. 270 6th st.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col
lege now ready: mailed free upon application
to DR. E. J. CREELY.Pres..6IO Golden Gate.
CARLOAD gentle business buggy and livery
horses. A CO.. 220 Valencia
Fire sale—All vehicles at reduced prices during
alterations at O'Brien's, 500 Golden Gate ava
$36 —FINE business bargain for sale at 1504
Folsom at.
STYLISH horse for sale: a pacer: sound In
every respect. Box 4396. Call office.
TWO-ton coal wagon, $40; express wagon, $86;
coal wagon. $25. 100 Golden Gate aye.
GOING out of business, new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. 1680 Mission st., nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses wsgons snd harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
TOILET.
A—PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
NORTHWEST corner Pierce and Pine sts.—
House of 10 rooms and 2 baths, electric
lights, beam ceiling dining-room, cement
basement, etc.; thoroughly modern. Apply to
own-r. GEO. H. KAHN. 201 Kearny st.
O'FARRELL and Taylor sts.—Fine 10-room
house; will turn house and roomers over to
any one buying carpets; all for $75. Box
4202, Call.
HOUSE 8 rooms and bath Inquire 126
Eddy rt.
HOUSES FURNISHED—FOB BAM.
(ViMKOHTABLE 8-room house; very conven
ient for roomers; no agents. 325 Eddy st.
JESSIE, 478 (near Sixth) —A furnished house
of 12 rooms for sale reasonable.
LARKIN, 413—5275; furnished house~of *6
rooms: rooms earn good Income over rent.
HOUSES TO LET—FURNISHED.
NICE furn. flat. 4 rooms, gas and bath; gas
stove. 1040 Howard st.; rent $22. See this.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED—To lease a flrst-ctass. modern resi
dence, unfurnished, ten or twelve rooms, in
desirable district. Address particulars, in
cluding terms, to box 4t26, Call.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$27 60—TO let, cottage of 7 rooms and bath:
all In good order. 2538 McAllister st.
INVE S TME NTS.
WANTED—A man with $20,000 to take an in
terest in 3 mines located in Nevada; money
to be used for developing purposes and neces-
Sary mills; over 100,000 tons of ore now in
sight that will run from $435 to $35 per ton;
samples of ore can be seen at room 3, 26
Montgomery st. R. E. CALLAHAN.
ASK CHALMERS CO.. 51 THIRD ST.
Gilt-edge real estate Investment; strictly
high class; limited number shares at $100
each; we will guarantee 6 per cent per an
num, with extra dlvidenda
INSTALLMENT "3UILDING.
BLILDLNG CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes, 612 Caliaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot,
$8 a month pays principal snd interest on
esch $ICOO of balance due, making your In
stsllments less than rent: send for circular
LOST AND FOUND.
LEFT on North Beach car, Kearny St., sack
containing about $540. Under returning
same to treasurer Southern Pacific Company,
Merchants' Exchange building, wilTSbe lib
erally rewarded.
LOST —A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
i_nd Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of NELS A. NELSON. No. 288-729;
the flnder will please return to bank.
LOST—Ladles' gold watch; initials I. B. F., on
Masonic aye., Ellis st. car, Gough or Sutter
sts. Liberal reward. 1260 Masonic aye.
LOST—January 18. purse containing money
and wedding ring; initials L. S.; poor wom
an. 126 Ellis St.
LOST—GoId match box; marked "From J. L,
Aug. 18. '02." Reward. H. M. WHITELY,
418 California st.
LOST—Pair oners glasses, Tuesday .evening,
Tivoli; $5 reward if returned to 206 Mer
chants' Exchange. .
LOST—A beaded watch fob. black and gold
beads. Return to M. SHERMAN, box office.
Grand Opera-house: reward.
LOST—Brfndls and white greyhound. Return
to Ingleside Coursing Park and receive re-
ward.
SMALL parcel sontalnlng gold thimble and a
cushion tuck; flnder will please return to
7048 Guerrero St.; reward.
LOST—Collie bitch about 0 months old. Lib
eral reward If returned to 1928 Broadway.
LOST—Small, green-enameled watch and pin,
vlcln. Clay-Hyde-Pine-Jones. 867 Jones: rwd.
i LOST—lrish setter, sore on right front leg:
returh 1215 Gold«n Gate aye.: $5 reward.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
c a. McNeill launch co. foot of ciay
St.: for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 684.
MATRIMONIAL.
A PROTESTANT gentleman. 40 years of age.
wishes to correspond with a lady of means;
widow . :i..':itt-. agents; ooject main- !
mony. Box 4987. Call.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS
TO order—renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
§ recess); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
ROB., 1482 34 Howard st,; phone South 818.
EpgCBLLANEOUB WANTS.
AAA A A—Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825. 060 Sacramento.
Highest prices paid for ladles' and gents' cast
off clothing. Tllton. 164 9th; tel. Jessie 3816.
PAYS special price cast-off fancy ladies' dress
es, gents' clothes. 022Folsorn; tel. Red 77.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER A CO., r. 406, Adams
bldg.. 806 Kearny st.; phone, Black 8086.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 20, 1905.
FREE TO OUR SMALL. AD PATRONS FREE
AParis Panel Photograph
of Yourself
To Be Taken by the ELITE PHOTO<_MPI_ STUDIO
838 Market Street
Thursday, Friday or Saturday
FOR ,
THE SUNDAY CALL
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE OAKLAND OFFICE
THIRD AMD MARKET STS. V 1016 BROADWAY
MISCELLANEOUS—FOR SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Deal* st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover it with Mastic Roofing. It Is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Writs
us about it. Elaterite Roofing Co., 713 Market.
DIAMONDS, watches-and Jewelry sold on credit
by paying down, balance payable at
your own convenience. Pacific Jewelry Co.,
21 Stockton St., second floor.
FOR sale—One 14x20 Hewiston. Stanwood A
Gamble Self Contained engine; good as new;
only run a band milt six months. Inquire
16" Crocker building.
A —BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-253 Spear st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress,
Tuxedo cr Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
FRESH cow for sale; good for milkman or
family; must be sold. 1153 Nineteenth aye.,
corner H st South.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. MoTN
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195 197 Fremont it.
ALMOST new single harness for sale. Ap
ply blacksmith shop, Fell and Gough sts.
TWO good family cows for sale cheap. 3070
Twenty-third St.. near Folsom.
TALKING scales. 828. BACIOALUPI. 786
Mission st.
TALKING machine records: second hand; good
condition. 307 Sansome St., room 3.
SAFES and desks at nearly cost: must make
room. Rlchardeon Bros , 123 New Montgmry.
BAFES and cash registers; new and second
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1326 Msrket st.
A VERY fine sealskin coat for sals st a bar
gain at Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton St.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Msrket.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES —New and second-hand. THE HER
MANN SAFE CO., 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
•11 sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ROOMS papered. 84 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 310 Third; tel. Main 418.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BEST inducements; best selection of stock.
Over 10 years' experience renting pianos.
Square pianos and organs; $1 per month.
Good uprights. $2 and $2 50 per month.
One year rental allowed.
The best instrument In the city for $8 month.
SCOTT CURTAZ, 660 Hayes st.
FOR sale—A fine Cbiekertng piano, cheap. 1780
Lombard st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS—Continued.
ATTENTION, piHno buyers!--investigate our
secrnci-h_nd uianos, taken In exchange dur
ing holiday sale; prices away down; rents, $2
up, allowed if purchased: Installments, $4
up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st;
Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS.
1 Frsnch upright 855
1 Stoddard; muhogany $115
Also one Chlckering, Weber, Vose, Sterling.
Stelnway. Curtaz. Rudolph, Flhcher, Haine*
and others. Easy Payments. BENJ. CUR-
TaZ & SON. 10 O'Farrell st.
AUCTION Jan. 24, 1005: annual storage sale,
27 high-grade new s;jond-hand pianos, stor
age furniture desks, safes, etc.; sale bona
fide. WHITEHEAD'S Storage. 1038 Market.
$60 UPRIGHT; one $30 upright; one good
square, $20. HORNUNO, 216 McAllistsrjrt.
A SMALL Stelnway upright; cost $600: $188
takes it. 237 Ceary at-
ELEGANT uprights.new & '_d-hand.s4s to $500.
Pierces Piano Factory. Market and 14th sts.
SOHMER Byron Maury piano*, OeceilsiMJtano
player. " BYRON MAl'Zi 308-312 Post s^
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 montuftr pay
ments. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister St.
8-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chtekering baby grand;
Shonlnger, little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Fsrrell.
MEDICAL
LA~DIEB who are In trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can And
loimedrnte relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician In San Francisco
who bus devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience without s failure has
put him at the head. He guarantees relief
or no pay.
DR. WHITE. 703 Market St., rooms 7 and &
BrT W. O'DONNELL —All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu
nate helped; the most difficult cases) treated;
every case taken; immediate relief; no poi
soning drugs; low fe-es; my methods will euro
ail cases of Irregularity; by consulting me
save time and money. Advice free. Office,
1018 Market st.
LADIES —Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor yet
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE
LIABLE graduate physician. When In trou
ble confide In me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped: I promise best atten
tion and no danger: I guarantee prompt re
sults cr no charge. Room L Est 14 years.
DR. E. G WEST, office :!o£> Kearny st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable -ipecla'.ist for all fe
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re
lief guaranteed. 1008* Market St., opp. 6th.
MRS DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
ALL cases of female irregularities relieved at
once; guaranteed treatment, $10; 80 years'
successful experience. DRS. GOODWIN, 880
Market St., opp. Fourth, room 37.
MRS DR. GWYBR, 611 A Leavenworth St., be
tween Geary and OFarrell. Tel. East 697.
DA and MRS. DA VIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 1226 Market.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladies' specialist, removed
from 1118 Market st. to 838 Mission, near 4th.
MEDlCAL—Continued.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
■>S_M I * ' "' ' ■
XONST TO LOAN.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 6* AND 6 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es
tstes in probate, undivided interests in prop- ,
erty. probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
AAA—HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In
terest* in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
Ist. 2d or 3d
Mortgages, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223. Call offlca
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one, confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
' HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
978 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market *nd 27 Third.
.A —ON iurniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity: also on real estate;
i Ist or 2d mortgages or on any security: any
smount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary room 36.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities. TOLMAN, 563 Parrott bldg.
i PRIVATE—Money loaned on salaries without
j security: diamonds or chattels: no fee; no
com., cut rate. Cal. Loan C 0.,52« Parrott bid.
I ?:ONEY to losjfn st low interest: gold, silver,
dlamorda, pearls snd precious stones bought
at W. J. HKSTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
jrh'ste, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
ON notes, salaries, etc. United Loan A Trust
Co., 21 Stockton st., second floor.
2 PER CENT per month on valuables. Port
land Jewelry Co., 26 Btockton st.
MONEY loaned on mining and oil stocks.
WILLIAM HINKEL A CO., 326 Phse st.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co.. 480 California St.. rooms 14 and 15.
SALARIED people on note. 8. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY, 126-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hut ton Credit Co.. 812 Mutual Bank bid.
TO LOAN—Continued.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Say. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
H% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81, 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents—The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper- for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
THE~Lorame~Apar—Tents, 730 O'Farrell —Ele-
gant 3-room parlor suite on ground floor;
suitable for doctor or dentist,
RENTS reduced: offices to let; 289 Post, cor.
Stockton; all light rooms; Janitor and ele
vator services. ■ !
CHOICE desk space; reasonable. 240 Mont
gomery st. room 3. ____|
A--MME. GILLINGHAM. dermatologist; rates
this week; ladies with one-half the face ,
treated can be seen daily; will show perma
nency; home for patients; my personal care
given; will teach; writs or call for booklet.
i_ Stockton.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
Droves its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists',hairdressers'ac
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or wrlta
PR. G. S MOORE, 332 O'Farrell st. J
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab. ;
1890. 2122 Fillmore it.; phone Geary 2063.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, over- t
coats and trousers st CHARLES LYONS'.
London Tailor, 721 Market st. >
TOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 60 I
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 840 Post St.. near Powell.
EASY Installments for Men. and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt.
WRINKLES, freckles, moles, superfluous hair
removed; latest meth. Mme. Marie.lo42 Ellis.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; electric needle.
Mrs. Eaton. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
)$1 a week: suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas.
I TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wlxs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color. $1 at all druggists'.
CHEAPEST snd best in America—The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
i United States or Canada one year for $1
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
i DR. C. C. O'DON NELL—Office and residence,
1021* Mnrket rt., bet. 6th and 7th; particu
lar atentlon paid to diseases of women.
i CATARRH, DEAFNESS a*hd NOISEB In BARS
positively cured; new methods; one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottingham, 9 Powell st.
; BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty,
p DR. BALL 1073* Market st.
I REMOVED—DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 116-117 Mason St., now lo
csted at 067 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor—All dis
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
<c 1- . _■ L .-. J !VJ—LJSB
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted: small capital; for estab
lished coffee and tea route; state amount
you will invest. Box 4212, Call.
PATBNTB.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at
tcrney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market at.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department,
\ Washington, D. C. until 10 o'clock a.
February 14. 1905, and publicly opened im
mediately thereafter, to furnish at the navy
yards, Mar: Island, Cal., and Puget Sound,
Wash., a quantity of naval supplies as
specified below: Schedule 41—Pneumatic
drill and boring machine; schedule 42—Band
saw. bed surfnfer, oreclsion lathe, planer,
boring and turning machine, filing machine,
radial drill presss. electric forge, bench
grinder, arbor and mandrel press, sheet
metal workers' shear, "Universal" vise,
chucks, combined saw and dado machine.
Blank proposals will be furnished upon ap
plication to the navy pay offices, San Fran
cisco Cal., and Seattle, Wash. Applications
should designate by numbers the schedules
desired H. T B. HARRIS, Paymaster
Genersl U. S. N.. 1-7-06
PROPOSALS will be received at the Rureau
of Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department,
Washington. D. C. until 10 o'clock a. m.,
February 7, 1905. and publicly orjened im
mediately thereafter, to furnish a quantity
of bracket lans and accessories at the navy
yards. Boston. Mass., New York. N. V.,
League Island, Pa., Norfolk, Va., and Mare
Island, Cal., and to the inspectors of equip
ment at the following named works, viz.:
Bath Iron Works. Bath. Me.; Fore River
Ship and Engine Cc, Qulncy. Mass.; Wm.
Cramp & Sons' Ship and Engine Building
Co., Philadelphia. Pa.: Neafle & Levy. Phil
adelphia, Pa.; New York Shipbuilding Co.,
Camden. N. J.; Newport News Shipbuilding
and Dry Dock Co.. Newport News. Va.;
I'nion Iron Works, San Francisco, Cal., and
Moran Bros. Co.. Seattle. Wash. Blank
proposals will be furnished upon application
to/the navy pay offices. Boston, Mass., New
York, N. V., Philadelphia, Pa., Norfolk,
Va. San Francisco, Cal., and Seattle, Wash.,
or to the Bureau. H. T. B. HARRIS. Pay
master General U. S. N. 1-5-06*
REDEMPTION BONDS.
iii m - i
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
FIRbZ REFL'NDING MORTGAGE BONDS —
Notice la hereby given that, pursuant to the
provision of article eight of the mortgage
from this company to the Central Trust Com
pany of New York, trustee, dated August t,
IS9U, this company has set apart out of the
net income derived by it from the lines of
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of twen
ty-five thousand dollars in trust to be used
to r**leem said bonds, and that bonds issutd
/ under said mortgage will be redeemed there
with. Bide are hereby invited lor the sur
r-nd't of such bonds at prices to be named
by the bidders, to the amount of $26,670 80,
In the sinking fund. Such bids should be
presented to this company at its office, 120
Broadway, in the city of New York, on or
before the 14th day of February, 1906. at 12
o'clock noon, and should be indorsed "Bids
lor Surrtnder of Central Pacific Railway
Company First Refunding Bonds."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
By E. H. HARRIMAN, President.
New York, January 16. 1906.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
1 'iHREK AND ONE-HALF PER CENT
MORTGAGE BONDS —Notice Is hereby given
that, pursuant to the provisions of article
nine of the mortgage from this company to
the United States Trust Company of New
York, trustee, dated August 1. 1899, this
company has set apart out of the net income
derived by-It from the lines of railroad
therein mortgaged the sum of twenty-five
thousand dollars in trust to be used to re
deem said bonds and that bonds issued under
said mortgage will be redeemed therewith.
Bids are hereby invited for the surrender
o: such bonds, at prices to be named by the
bidder*, to the sihount of $26,669 07, in the
sinking fund. Such bids should be presented
to this company at its office, 120 Brosdway,
in the city of New York, on or before the
14 th day of February. 1905, at 12 o'clock
noon, and should be indorsed "Bids for Sur
render of Central Pacific Railway- Company
Three and One-halt Per Cent Bonds."
CENTRAL. PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY,
By E. H. HARRIMAN. President.
New York. January 18. 1905.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY
(OF CALIFORNIA)—FIRBT CONSOL
IDATED MORTGAGE FIVE PER CENT
GOLD BONDS OF 1893—Notice is hereby
given that the board of directors of this
company has determined to use to redeem
First Consolidated Mortgage F4ve Per Cent
Gold Bonds of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company (of California) $20,477 72 now In
the sinking fund for the redemption and pay
ment of bonds of that issue, and that bonds
of such issue will be redeemed therewith.
Bids are hereby invited for the t-urrend< r of
such bonds at prices to be named by the
!• bidders. Such bids should be d»p.isited with
Andrew K. Van Deventer. assistant treas
urer of the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany, at his office, 120 Broadway. New York
City, at or before It o'clock noon, on the
14th day of February. 1905, and should be
indorsed, "Bids for Surrender of Southern
Pacific Railroad Company (of California)
Five Per Cent Bonds."
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY.
By E. H. HARRIMAN. President.
New York. January 16 1005
I HAVE disposed of my oyster and chop house
business at 620* Third st. to Savas Chrsta
dulos; all outstanding accounts must be pre
sented for payment by January 20, 1908.
PIREB BTRES.
RILiL^EST^
ONLY A FEW LEFT. I
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 (or choice lots. Excelsior Homeetea*
Tract; level as a billiard table: on grade:
close to fine school and Misslon-st- eiectrto
cars; bound to double in value.
$400) each on Installments of $10 per month;
no taxes; fine lots, near Ocean boulevard;
best residence location south of Golden Oate
Park; these are the cheapest lots in this dis
trict; advancing in price rapidly.
- W. J. WHITE,
26 Montgomery st.. r 8. Phone Main 5704.
FOR sale—By owner; a first-class snd one of
the best located residences in the city; very
fine bay view. Inquire 160 Crocker building.
TWO elegant new flats for sale on the east
side of Diamond st.. bet. 17th and 18th. D.
CONDON, builder and owner, on premises.
$7000— HALF cash; new, sunny flats; frescoed,
tinted: 5 and 6 rooms; baths; attic. 2065
-2087 Golden Gate aye., near Central.
HAVE fine income property for sale near Cltjr
Hall. Intending purchaser call 162 Fulton st.
BARGAIN in finely finished h.me; choice lo
cation, fine view. Bex 3581. Call office.
FINE sanitary plumbing; latest system. AHL
BACH A MAYER. 836 Howard st.
SEAL EOTATE—COUHTBT—Tor Sal a
INVEST TOUR MONEY IN LAND IN SUT
TER COUNTY.
$60 sn acre buys choice orchard land within
three miles of three large fruit canneries,
two dried fruit packing establishments and a
large winery: best market center for all kinds
of fruit; the Butte County irrigation ditch
coming this way; surveys under wsy for
two electric lines to traverse this section
and an overland road (the Western Pacific>
passing through here all point to a large In
crease In lsnd values; four dally passenger
trains to Bsn Francisco each day now; no
other section offers a better opportunity for
profitable Investment: also have som« good
dredge mining propositions.
Address M. J. NEWKOM. Real Estate
Dealsr. 406 Second st.. Marysvlile. Cal.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogue of the best land
bargains In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
64S Market st.
BAN MATEO BEAL ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK. LOMITA PARK.
LOMITA PARK.
On the line of San Mateo electric ears; 48
minutes from Fifth and Market sts.
Sewer and water pipes laid.
Pure artesian watt*.
Lots $400 and up.
Outside the fog belt
$10 to $50 down and $16 par month,
Go down and Investlgata
Maps sent on application.
SELBY. RODGERS A CO..
Main 673. 116 California st
Also at Lorn It a Park
MENLO PAKE B.EAL ESTATE.
A—MENLO PARK-FAIR OAKS.
Large villa sites and tracts of from one to
five acres, beautifully wooded and ready for
building. Convenient to ststion and in ben
part of Fair Oaks and Menlo Park. Road work
free of expense to buyers. Exceptionally
easy terms. Finest climate in vicinity of city.
Unexcelled educational facilities. For particu
lars write
SELBY. RODGERS A CO..
Main 673 116 California st
OAKLAND ADVEBT'S'M'-fl
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OA-LAUP BEAL ESTATE.
IF YOU SEE IT YOU WILITbUT IT
For sale—s2Bso; cottage, 6 rooms, hall,
bath, pantry, high basement, stationary tubs;
lot 25x100; only >15 minutes' walk from
Broadway; best value In Oakland for the
money. SNOW, real estate. 468 Eleventh
St., Oakland.
BARGAIN —Home and good living; corner lot;
store, 4 rooms; barn; $1650. 421* Twelfth
st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO MORROW the day for bargains in furni
ture. H. Schelhaas, lltb st.. cor.store, Oakland.
San Francisco AdvertisemTs
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING*.
BRYANT, 421—One or two nicely furnished
sunny rooms for housekeeping; gas.
CASTRO, 429, nr. Seventeenth, rear—B pleas
ant sunny private housekeeping rooms; large
yard; $10.
CHURCH, 301—Sunny rooms for housekeeping;
reasonable.
ELLIS, 717—Furnished housekeeping rooms;
bath; gas: running water.
ELEVENTH, 106—Nicely furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping; gas; bath; $10.
GEARY, 1225—Fine parlor suits of rooms, fac
ing Geary St.; grand location; nice view, and
terms reasonable.
GUERRERO, 260, bet. 14th and 15th—Pretty,
newly fur., sunny, housekpg. rms.; kitchen
complete; water; bath; gas stove; reasonable.
HYDE snd Washington (apply 1608 Wash.)—
Suites 2 or 3 rooms for bkpg.; newly fur.
JESSIE, 323—Large sunny front parlor; gas
range; bed and cot; $3 75 week; others cheap.
LEAVENWORTH, 212—3 housekeeping rooms;
s»*nny.
MISSION, 911* —Housekeeping rooms and
single room* to let at reasonable prices.
OAK. 117 —Rooms, complete, housekeeping; $8
to $12: gas range: hot bath; adults.
O'FARRELL, 1396—Nicely furnished sunny
front housekeeping suite; $16.
PIERCE. 415—One furnished room for house
keeping.
SECOND. 212—Furnished rooms for house
keeping; central; clean: quiet; no children.
SEVENTEENTH, 2621, East Bryant—3 furn.
hpg. rms, up. fiat: grate, range; adults: $12.
TWELFTH. 136—2 or 3 sunny furnished rooms;
housekeeping; gas and grate; complete.
WEBSTER. 1354—Sunny unfurnished house
keeping rooms; adults.
BOOMS TO LET—Furn. and Unfurn.
A—BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth it —Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to *,*> per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
ATKINS, corner Third it. and Park lane—New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water; electric lights; only first-class house
in locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st (or No. 1
Fifth at.)— Rooms. 25c to 50c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night
A NEW corner building, sunny rooms; fresh
i and clean; every modern convenlenct. The
Sshlein, SW. cor. Polk and Bush sts.
BELMOND House; over Owl drug »iore; 2 en
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk—Electric
f lights, running wster In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 26 to 83 week.
BUSH, 610 A— Newly furnished suite In corner
flat; also single room: private family.
FOUR unfurnished rooms and bath, In flat oc
cupied by physlclsn; Union St., west of
Van Ness; $14; references; no small children.
Box 4u53, Cell office.
FILLMORE, 1100 —3 sunny rooms; rent rea
sonable.
FULTON, 630—Furnished room.
FULTON, 636—Furnished room.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission—Rooms 380
to $1 28 night; $1"$0 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HOWARD, 715—Furnished rooms, single or
double; central location.
JESSIE 867—Nice furnished front room*
from $1 per week up. '
JONES. 951—Sunny, furnished parlor, piano;
choice location; large front room; con. bath.
KEARNY, 104—Sunny unfurnished front
suites of 2 and 3 rooms. $11, $20: bath.
KEARNY. 418—Fine front sunny rooms for
$2 50 to $5 per week.
LA GUN A, 702—Nice sunny furnished front
room for gentleman.
LARKIN. Bt»4—Furnished room, light and sun
ny, suitable for gentlemen, $5 50 per month.
For Additional Classified Advertiasv
ments See Page 14.
1314
ROOMS TO LET—Furn. and Unfurn. •
. MARKET. 719—Furnished roosns; newly reno- ,
'■ VSted; double or single; day. week, month, j
". MARKET, 1040 (The Falmouth)— Sunny n-ms; j
52 50 to $7 week; baths; elevator; also hskpg. ]
METROPOLITAN Hotel, 123 Third st.—4oo j
single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day. ,
S2 to IS week; the only new and modern j
. hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco ,
' that lias office on ground floor, hot and cold |
water, electric lights, call bells, steam Heat
.in every room and gives free baths and eje
vator day and night to its guests. j
&N»A, 857*—Well furnished double front
route. . |
' NATOMA. 2_. near Fourth—To let, 6 rooms;
upper floor; rent 312.
' NINTH. 157—A nice, sunny, furnished front j
"•' room arid other*: gas and bath.
. CAK, 2035—Furnished rooms; also housekeep
|ng rooms; running water, bath, phone; rea- i
sonable. ,
O FARRELL. 208 — Nicely furnished, sunny!
front' rooms; also single, suitable 2 gentle- j
men. „
• O FARRELL, 579—Furnished rooms to let.
PIERCE. 166 —Room to let. j
ROYAL HOUSE, 120 Ellis—lncandescent lights; ,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par- ;
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 ."0; week. 12 t
«o $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; looms with hot and cold water; baths, j
THIRD, 30S— Fine, clean transient rooms; i
• prices 25c. 50c and 75c per night.
TURK, 42 —Sunny furnished rooms; single and j
. en suite; day. week, |
TURK, 123—Clean, sunny furnished rooms, J
•with board; suite or single; 35 up.
VAN NESS sve.. 314—1 large front room, $18; j
'small sunny room, $9. j
*AN NESS aye.. 314—Sunny front room,
large. $18; smalt room $8.
YEN DOME, 1104 Market—Furn! rooms, suite
or single; suite $5 week up. 15 Turk.
UNITED - STATES, 123 Eddy, nr. Market—4oo
noms 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week: elec
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus, baggage. !
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. nr. Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
38c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; rea'iing-rocm; free bus, baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has \
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church. ;
BOOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL Baltimore, 1015 Van Ness aye- j
■ class hotel, on American plan; families es
. penally; elegant rooms, all modern and I
every convenience; very sunny; fine views; j
table unsurpassed. H. C. SHANNON, prop, j
HOTEL L'AIGLON, 601 Geary St.—Large, !
sunny rooms, board; suites, with board for 2,
$50 mo.; single, with board. $25 up; special
famity rates; just renovated.
COUPLE without children can secure board
and room in private family. 2711 Sacra
emtno st. j
•ELLIS. 453—Nice furnished rooms: best of'
French table board; very reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 807—Best rooms, table and ser- j
vice in the city for the least money. j
. JONES. 434, flat B— Suite, with bath, and
single rooms; board; new house; no signs. ;
THE DRESDEN. 1442 Fulton St., near Baker—
Select family boarding house.
• PINE. 793—Large parlor suite, with excellent
board, for two: $50 per month.
■ '
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
BOARD and suite of rooms wanted for man and
wife; state lowest terms; must be first class. ;
Box 4299. Call office.
WANTED—3 rooms fur. complete for hskpg.;
reasonable. Mrs. Hassetman. 611 Polk st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ET. FRANCIS' Girls' Directory Orphan Asy
lum hereby gives notice that the following
Orphan, half-orphan and abandoned girls j
and boys have been admitted to the asylum j
from July 1. 1904, to Jsnuary 1, 1905: Mary i
Ada Dolan, 11 years; Louisa Guglierl, 7 !
years; Irene Guglieri, 5 years; May Condon.
1 years, 6 months; Aloyslus Condon, 4 years, |
2 months: Angelina Antonia, 11 years; Refu- !
glo Antonia. 4 years; Margarita Antonia, 2 i
years; Paul Martinell. 6 years, 7 months; !
Howard Lehey, 5 years, 6 months; Barbara !
Whltelock, 7 years; Julia Whitelock, 5 years; j
Emma Serventi. 4 years; Charles Serventl,
11 months; Frances J. Kenarick. 5 years, 4 .
months; Gladys Smith, 2 years. 6 months; j
May Harrigan, 9 years; Andrew Rios, 4 !
years. 2 months; Manuel Tiburtius Rios, 2 i
years. 5 months: George Davis. 6 years, 10 j
months: Benjamin Davis, 5 years, 10 months; |
Mabel Sherer, 7 years; Thomas Gorman, 6
yeara: Bessie Gorman, 4 years; Willie Gor
man 2 years: Irene Wilson, 6 years: Made
line Wilson, 3 years: Harica Forno, 7 years; ;
Jennie Gettenby. 6 years; John Porter. 7 j
years; Frank Porter. 5 years; Nicholas Por- j
ter. 3 years; Carrie Cano, 9 years; Nettie ;
Cano 7 years; Ralph Cano, 5 years; Cath
erine Emilia Wlseby, !) years; Mary Cooney,
13 years: Theresa Mulvlhill, 10 years; Fran- I
ces Mulvihill, 7 years: Emily Kane. 10 years;
Charlotte Kane, 6 years: Thomas Rodriguez,
4 years; Emilio Rodriguez, 11 months; An- I
nic Kohl, 7 years; Ada Torras, 9 years: |
Joseph Castell. 2 years; Bertha Eichler, 8 I
years; Hazel Harrlstfn, 11 years; Grace Har- !
rlson, 7 years: Gertrude Harrison, 4 years; j
Mary Quatararo. 7 years; Carlo Quatararo, |
C years; Thomasita Corvera. 7 years; Ray- I
mond Corvera. 4 years; Estefana Ortega. 9
>ears; Albert Ortega, 7 years; Christina !
Cano, 2 years.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home '
Society hereby gives notice that it has ad- ,
mlited into the orphanage from July 1, 1904, 1
to December 31, 1904. the following named
orphans and half orphans, boys and girls,
viz: Marian Newman, aged 7 years and 2
months; Nathan Lindeman, 12 years and 11
months, and Charles Lindeman, 11 years and
'11 months.
. SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
LAST week of our annual aale. We have a |
number of practically new Whites, slightly '
shopworn, that must be sold at once, re- |
gardless of cost to make. Also a lot ot used ;
machines of <;iher makes that will go at I
any price. White Sewing Machine Co.. 916
Market st.
DOMESTIC—The machine for family use: best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes
tic office. 1021 Market st , near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand. $3, $5. $8; slightly
used. $10, $15, $20; you know where the dolls
swing In the window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1015 Mission st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A—EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725
-731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 10 Drumm st.:
phone Main 31: JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIKRCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co., of-
Be« Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 671.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
RKKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
' st.: tel. Main IS4O. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
high-r and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewrltor Exchange. 538 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
VXA-FX.
A .WAY to health: mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for It.
VIAVI CO.. Vsn Ness. Phone East 282.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE—Phoenix
L. Association —For the six months ending
Dex'tmber 30. 1904. dividends have been de
clared as follow*: On Participating Stock at
the r*tc of i) per cent p*r annum; on Term
Ceitiikxtes at the rate or 5 per cent per
annum; on Ordinary .Savings Accounts at the
Jcito if 4V, p fr cent per annum, free of taxes
and pa j able on and after January 20. 1905.
The Phoenix has a guarantee capital of
$20,G0U and a total pald-m capital of $1 -
599,008. Its board of directors sre: A A
Watkins. president; Charles P. Bishop, vice
pr.*ld,nt: 8. Prentiss Smith, treasurer
George c. Boardrr.an, director; Gavin. M"-
Nah. director; Charles E. Ladd. director.
CLARENCE GRANGE.
ScTPtury and Managing Director.
NOTICE.—The annus) meeting or the stoclT
beJdtrs <>r the rightway shoe co
will 1* held at the office of said corporation
No. 812 814 Market fU., in the City and
, Comity of Sa» Francisco, Str.le of Califor
nia op the 30th day of Janusry. 1905, at
8 o'llock p. St., for the purpose of electing
directors and fof the transaction of su:-h
other business as may be brought before
fcnir' meeting. The stock transfer books will
be closml at 1 o'clock p. m. January 30, 1905.
and remain closed until 10 o'clock a. m.
Janusry 31. i:«c>s
H. E. TREMBLE, Secretary.
' STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
I MKLUCCKNK system: 2 schools; 810 Diamond.
521 Franklin. Inquire 521 Franklin. 8 to 12.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
_____
The following marriage licenses were issued
j yesterday:
Andrew W. Roberts, 26. 1451 Leavenworth
j street, and Elsie E. Wendt, 20. 1509 Leaven-
I worth street.
Chailes B. Wooster, 26, Eden Vale, and
I Clara C. Hemnel, 28, Eden Vale.
Max Blum. 23, 83 Moss street, and Annie
! Abend. 20, 074 Clementina street.
| Joseph O'Leary 27. Chicago, and Johanna
Reidy. 20, city.
! George Putz 34. 814 McAllister street, and
! Annie M. J. Wiley, 34, 844 McAllister street.
James J. Burns, 24. 12 Johnston avenue, and
i Ann A. Mealey. 23, 1228 Pierce street.
' Henry J. Ebeling, 48, 1300 Church street,
| and Frances Flaming, 37, 1300 Church street.
William M. Wildman. 24. 2441 Hyde street,
and Clara L. Eckcrt, 16. 3 Polk street.
Ferdinand Schroter. 45, 20 Hawthorne street,
! and Anne S. Coghlan, 50. 2621 Sutter street.
Jacob Goodman, 83, —1 Powell street, and
' Etta A. Lyon, 19. 442 Ellis street.
Luigl Garibaldi, 24. 1223 Woolsey street, and
Theresa Grosso, 16, 121 Cambridge street.
BIRTHS—MARRIAGES—DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
SWINNOCX—In this city. January 18. 1906. to
the wifs of James E. Swlnnock, a daughter.
MARRIED.
ALIAMUS—HASENMAIER— In this city,
January 18. 1905, by the Rev. J. H. Schroe
der, August J. Altamus and Lena Hasen
maier.
BLAKE—MILLIGAN—In this city, January
18, 1905, in the First Presbyterian Church,
by the Rev. H. H. Bell. Charles S. Blake
of Tomaies, Cal.. and Maggie A. MUllgan
of this city.
BROWN—MEYER—In this city, January 14.
I!WS, In the First United Presbyterian
Church, by the Rev. H. H. Belt, Edward S.
Brown and Katherine J. Meyer, both of
this city.
BURNS—McCLURE—In this city, January 17.
ISK)S in the First United Presbyterian
Church, by the Rev. H. H. Bell, Robert O.
Burns of Vaiiejo, Cal.. and Mary M. Mc-
Clure of Creston. lowa.
CHRISTIANSON—LESLIE—In this odty, Jan
uary 12 1005 by the Rev. Frank Stuart
Ford. Walter A. Chrlstian6on of Honolulu
and Mattle L. Leslie of San Francisco.
NELSON—SCHULTZBERG—In this city,
January 18. 1905, by the Rev. Dr. E. Ne
lander. John Nelson and Minnie E. Schults
berg, both of this city.
NUSSBAUM—SYCHROWSKY —In this city,
January 19, 1905. by the Rev. W. Schuldt,
Frederic Nussbaum and Louise Sychrowsky,
both of San Francisco.
ROCK—COLE—In this city. January 11. 1905,
hy the Rev. Frank Stuart Ford, John Rock
and Marie E. Cole, both of San Francisco.
TABER—ATKINS—In this city. January 11,
]'.*GS, by the Rev. Frank Stuart Ford, Edwin
P. Taber and Bessie Atkins, both of San
Francisco.
WURZBACH—LEEPER—In this city. Janu
ary 11. 1905, by the Rev. Frank Stuart
Ford William Wurzbach and Harriet M.
Leeper, both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Aiken, Matthew—73. Martlnoni, Vlotorla
Allen, Sophia C—7o McGulre John—64
Arthur, Edwin M —60 McMahon. Catherine
Barry, Edward J. Mitchell, Chas.—2 mom.
Busch, Herman H. —494 Neilsen, Harry—2l
Bush. Thomas A. —47 Nelson. August G.—22
Chretien. Madeline—9o Paulsen, Carl P.—46
Costa. Lorenzo—74 Petitpierre. Augustus—
Coghlan. Anne —58 52 years
Consiglleri, Vittorlo—4o Russell. John E.—6B
Dreman, George 8.—63 Spencer. Sybil A.
Dullea, Mary—76 Sullivan, Leo—l 4
Fallon. Charles J.. Tillman. Augustus—7o
Fleming. Honors —62 Toomey. Mary G.—26
Gilmore, James—72 Tupper. Clinton H.—34
Hyland. Amos D.—67 Turk. Charles
Jacobson Annette—37 Weyand, Mina—7l.
Kerr, Peter—32 Vincent, Louisa—B7
AIKEN —In this city. January 18, 1905,
Matthew Aiken, beloved brother of Mrs.
Joseph Graham, Mrs. A. Rogers, Mrs. M.
S. Mitchell and Mrs. R. Campbell, a native
of Ireland, aged 73 years 6 months and 4
days.
(EF Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), January 20, at 10:40 a. m., from
the residence of his sister, 21 Morris avenue.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at
11:30 a. m.
ALLEN—In this city, January 19, 1905,
Sophia Uldrika Allen, beloved mother of
Alexander E. Allen, and grandmother* of
Annie. Helen and Edward Allen, a native of
Finland, aged 70 years 4 months and 22
days. (San Jose papers please copy.)
ARTHUR—In Portland. Ore., January 17,
1905, Edwin M. Arthur, brother of John C.
and George Arthur and Mrs. Gertrude K.
Bayley, aged 60 years.
BARRY—In this city. January 19, 1905,
Edward J.. dearly beloved son of Hanora
and the late Patrick Barry, a native of San
Francisco.
EFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), January 21, at 10 a. m.. from
the residence of his mother, 326 Utah street,
between Sixteenth and Sevententh. thence to
the Church of St. Charles Borromeo for
services at 10:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BUSCH—In this city, January 17. 1906, Her
man Hugo, beloved husband of Emma
Busch, and father of Emma Busch, a native
of Germany, aged 49 years 11 months and
17 days.
CF Friends, acquaintances and members of
San Francisco Typographical Union No. 21
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
services Friday, January 20, at 2 p. m..
at the chapel of Charles H. J. Truman &
Co.. 1009 Mission street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth. Interment Mount Olivet Cem
etery, by carriage.
BUSH—In this city, January 19, 1905, Thomas
A. Bush, a native of Texas, aged 47 years.
EF Friends and acquaintance* are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, January 21, at 10 a. m., at fhe
residence of C. E. Peacock, 416' Frederick
ftreet. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
CHRETIEN—In this city, January 19, 1906,
Madeline Chretien, beloved mother of Mrs.
M. P. Feusier, and grandmother of H. E.
C. Feusier. and great grandmother of Ralph
E. Feusier, a native of Nance, France, aged
90 years.
ICFNotlce of funeral hereafter.
COGHLAN—In this city, January 19, 1905,
Anne, beloved wife of Patrick Coghlan, and
beloved mother of Frank. James and Martin
Coghlan and Mrs. Lizzie Johansen, a native
of Ballcarra, County Mayo, Ireland, aged
68 years.
(CFFTtends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. m., from her late resi
dence. 14 Chattanooga street, between
Twenty-first and Twenty-second, thence to
St. James Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 a. m. Inter
ment Holy CrofcS Cemetery*
CONSIGLIERI—In this city, January 19,
1905, Vittorlo, beloved husband of Flora
Constglleri, and father of Frank, Eddie and
Laura Consigner), and brother of Serafino
and Alerslo Consigner!, and Mrs. L> Cere
ghtno. a native of Italy, aged 40 years.
EFNotloe of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of laccherl. Duclos A Co.,
629 Broadway.
COSTA—In this city, January 19, 1905,
Lorenzo Costa, beloved husband of Madeline
Costa, and loving father of Alfred N. and
Milton B. Costa. Mrs. J. 8. Tyler, Mrs. H.
M. Beck and the late Lawrance Costa, a
native of Geneva, Italy, aged 74 years 8
months and 2 days.
(CFFuneral services Saturday, January 21,
at 1 p. m.. at his late residence, 906 Green
wich street, between Taylor and Jones In
terment private. Please omit flowers.
DREMAN—In this city, January 18, 1905,
George B. Dreman, son of John F. snd the
late Ann Dreman, a native of Sacramento,
Cal.. aged 53 years 6 months and 10 days.
EFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully inviteo to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10 a. m.. from the chapel of
i'lark A Booth, 612-614 Van Ness avenue,
between Golden Gate avenue and Turk
Mreet. Remains will be cremated at Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
DULLEA —In this city, January 19, loos
Mary. Dullea, relict of the late Charles
Dullea. beloved mother of Edward F. Dul
l"a. Mrs. M. E. Finn. Mrs. J. C. O'Brien
and Mrs. H. E. Farmer, a native of County
Cork, Ireland, aged 75 years and 3 months.
(Boston papers please copy.)
ICFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday
January - 21, at 9 a. m., from the residence
of her daughter. Mrs. H. E. Farmer, 331
Eleventh avenue. between Clement and
Point Lobos, thence to the Star of the Sea
Chuirh. where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
tSuccessors to Flannagan A Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMEALMERS
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
Funeral Directors and Embalmors .
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
NOW at 866 MISSION. Tel. South 187.
Between Fourth end Fifth, near Fifth at.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY SO, 1905.
commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.
FALLON—In this city, January 18, 1905,
Charles John, dearly beloved husband' ot
Elisabeth Fallon, and father of Amy Fallen
and Mrs. G. 1. Butler. tLos Angeles and
Frederickton, N. 8., papers please copy.)
E_yFuneral private.
FLEMING—In this city, January 19, 1905,
Honora. beloved wife of the late Bartholo
mew Fleming, and devoted mother of Dr.
B. F., Charles, Ella and Josephine Fleming
and Mrs. Mary Jones, a native of County
Galway, Ireland, aged 62 years 8 months
and 9 days.
GILMORE—In this city, January 17, 1905,
James Gilmore, a native of County Galway,
Ireland, aged 72 years.
HYLAND—In Oakland. January 19, 1905.
Ames D., beloved husband of Rachel Hy
land. and father of Mrs. A. E. McFarland,
N. G. Hyland, Mrs. Fred Ferguson. Mrs.
M. Y. Warner. Mrs. Earl Barbra. Mrs. Es
telle Poill and J. D., E. E., M. H. ana
Miss Grace Hyland, a native of Illinois,
aged 67 years 11 months and 8 days.
JACOBSON—In this city, January 18, 1905.
Annette Chrlstln. beloved wife of the late
Bernhard Jacobson, and loving mother of
Bernhard and Alva Jacobson, a native of
Sweden, aged 37 years.
ICThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 1 p. m., from her late residence.
4 Folsom avenue, off Folsom street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
KERR—In this city. January 16, 1005. Peter,
beloved husband of Mary Kerr, and father
of Katie. John. Peter and Joseph Kerr, a
native of County Tyrone. Ireland, aged 32
years 10 months and 29 days.
(CAhwashte Tribe No. 89, L O. R. M.—
Chiefs and members will assemble to
day (Friday), at 9:30 a. m.. at 1835
Market street, between Valencia and Guer
rero, to attend the funeral of our deceased
brother. Peter Kerr. _
ED. DULLBN. C. of R.
R. METHMAN. Sachem.
MARTIN ONI—In this city, January 18, 1905,
Victoria, bloved wife of BSmllio Martlr.onl,
and sister of Mrs. W. E. Fulton and Stella
Petrarch!, a native of New York.
(EF Interment strictly private. Please omit
flowers.
McGUIRE—In this city, January 10, 1905.
John beloved husband of Johanna McGuire,
a native of Ireland, aged 64 years.
McMAHON—In this city, January 18, 1906.
Catherine McMahon. beloved wife of the late
Matthew McMahon. and loving mother of
Mra A. F. Breslln. Abner McMahon and the
late Daniel McMahon. a native of County
Limerick, Ireland.
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. m., from her late
residence", 9 Sumner street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 a m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
MITCHELL—In this city, January 19. 1905.
Charles, son of Charles and Mary Mitchell,
and brother of Evelyn and Irvin Mitchell,
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 months
and 17 days.
NEILSEN—In this city. January 18. 1906.
Harry Neilsen, beloved son of Christian and
Hanne Neilsen, and beloved brother of
Andrew Neilsen, a native of Insel Foehr,
Schleswig-Holstein. Germany, aged 21 years.
CFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2:30 p. m., from the parlors of
Gantner Bros., 1209 Mission street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, by 3:30 p. m. train from Third
and Townsend streets.
NELSON —In this city, January 17, 1905,
August G. Nelson, beloved son of John and
Emma Nelson, a native of Sweden, aged 22
years 6 months and 10 days.
EFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, January 20, 1906, at 10 a m., at
Charles J. B. Metzler's undertaking parlors,
636 Washington street, thence by 11:30
a. m. train from Third and Townsend streets
to Mount Olivet Cemetery for Interment.
PAULSEN —In this city, January 18, 1905,
Carl P. Paulsen, beloved husband of Kath
erine Paulsen, and father of Maria, Anna
and Carl Paulsen, a native Of Germany,
aged 46 years 7 months and 20 days.
PETITPIERRE— In this city, January 18, 1905,
Augustus beloved husband of Adella Petit
pierre and father of Genevieve Petitpierre,
Mrs. D. J. Cooney and C. A. Cochran, and
brother of Napoleon Petitpierre and Mrs. W.
N. Cornwall, a native of New Orleans, aged
52 years 6 months and 6 days.
ICFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday'), at 9:30 a. m., from his late resi
dence. 1021 Oak street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church for services, commencing at
10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
11:30 a. m. train from Third and Townsend
streets.
RUSSELL—In tbls city. January 19, 1906,
John E., beloved husband of the late Maria
Russell, and father of James, Susie, David
and Andrew Russell, a native of Patterson,
N. J.. aged 69 years. (Seattle papers please
copy.)
EFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10:46 a. m.. from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor A Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 11 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SPENCER —In this city, January 19, 1906.
Sybil A., beloved wife of G. A. Spencer, and
mother of Gay Spencer, a native of Con
necticut.
SULLIVAN —In Banning, Cal., January 19,
1906. Leo, dearly beloved son of Mrs. James
A. Brien and the late Dennis W. Sullivan,
and darling brother of James J. Sullivan, a
native of San Francisco, aged 14 years.
TILLMAN—In this city, January 18, 1906,
Augustus Tillman, beloved father of Mrs.
F. H. Wlemeyer, Mrs. P. J. Lynch, Mrs.
"William Carl. John J. Tillman, Augustus
C. Tillman of Suisun, Cal., and the late
Mrs. James O'Brien of San Luis Obispo,
Cal., a native of Germany, aged 70 years
10 months and 1 day.
EFFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
January 21, at 9:15 a. m., from the resi
dence of his daughter. Mrs. P. J. Lynch,
1459 Haight street, between Masonic avenue
and Ashbury street, thence to St. Boniface's
Church, on Golden Gate avenue, where a re
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Association—
Officers and members of the association are
requested to assemble at headquarters, cor
ner Fourth and Jessie streets, Saturday,
21st Inst., at 10 a. m., to attend the funeral
of our late brother, Augustus Tillman.
STEPHEN BUNNER, President.
J. J. McMAHON. Rec. Sec.
TOOMEY—In this city. January 19 1905, at
177 South Park. Mary G., dearly beloved
wife of David J. Toomey, a native of Bo
linas. Cal., aged 26 years and 4 months.
TURK—In Belmont. January 19, 1906, Charles
Turk, beloved son of Henry and Charlotte
Turk, and brother of William H. Turk and
Mrs. F. Kommer.
TUPPER — la South Berkeley, January 18,
1906. at his residence, 1638 Fairvlew street,
Clinton H., beloved husband of Ollle Tupper.
and father of Reganal Tupper, and son or
G. A. and H. R. Tupper, and brother of
C. 8., Agulla, John and Harry Tupper. Mrs.
M. Thomas and Mrs. A. Schilling, a native
of Santa Rosa, Cal., aged 34 years 6 months
and 4 days.
VINCENT—In this city. January 19, 1905,
Louisa, beloved wife of John Vincent, and
devoted mother of Louisa, John, Carl', Ca
mllle, Leo and Emlle Vincent, and sister of
Fred Bruneman, a native of Grass Valley,
Cal.. aged 37 years 2 months and* 22 days.
WEYAND—At Dixon, Solano County, January
19, 1905, Mlna Weyand, mother of Eugene
d'Artenay, Elizabeth Lukes, Thomas G.
d'Artenay. Adol P. d'Artenay and John A.
d'Artenay and Marie T.. Ernest, Julius L.
and William J. Weyand and Sister M.
Evangelista Weyand, a native of Bremen.
Germany, aged 71 years 9 months and 6
days. (Formerly a resident of Colusa and of
San_Franclsco.)
ICFFuneral at Colusa on Monday, Jan
uary 23. at 9 a. m.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Paso Fifteen.
Oolrtfiela 88l 07 OS:May Queen ..87 89
Goldfteld BAB — 12lPennaylvanla. — 18
Ooldfleld Dmd 11 12 Red Top 18 18
Hibernla 20 21|8andstorm ... 61 63
Goldfleld Mln. 70 71|Vernal Mln ..16 16;
Other Districts.
Bullfrog Mln. 67 691 Ray A O'Brien 06 19 i
Colehan — lOlSouthweatem. 80 —
Esperansa ... 01 02; Ton Gold Mt.. 13 14
Ducky Tom... 08 OStSylvanla 26 —
Mont Bullfrog- 10 12IUnlted Ton .. — 09
Orig Bullfrog. 25 261
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1200 Mont Ton. ..2 071* 2600 Ton Midway.. 31 1
100 Mont Ton ...2 08 1000 Orig Bullfrog.. 28
1300 Ton Belmont. 72 2000 Orig Bullfrog. 27
1000 Ton Gold Mt. 13 600 Ton N Star... 23
1000 Ton Midway.. 34|
Afternoon Session.
1000 Blue Bell ... 06| 700 Mont T0n...2 07%
1000 Black Butte.. 221 300 Ton Belmont.. 72
2000 Silver Pick .. 18; 200 Ton Midway.. 33
2000 Gold Mt Con. 02 200 Ton Midway.. 34 !
3000 Orig Bullfrog. 2712900 Ton Midway.. 35
600 Orig Bullfrog. 2811000 Red Top 1«
DROPS DEAD IN RESTAURANT.—Thomas
Mt ran, a brother of Civil Service Commissioner
Moran. dropped dead in a Chinese restaurant
gt 829 Washington street last night. Death
was due to heart disease. For some tttno j
Moran had been employed as a watchman in
that section and also as a doorkeeper at one
of the Chinese theaters.
APPENDICITIS AFFLICTS TEACHER.—
Alameda. Jan. 19.— R. F. Phelps, supervisor
of manual training In the school department,
was operated upon for appendicitis at the
Alameda Sanatorium last nigbt. To-night Mr.
Phelps waa resting well and his recovery is
probable.
GRAND JURORS TAKE UP
POLICE SCANDAL AGAIN
Several Witnesses Arc Recalled in Ef
fort to Gain More Light on
Chinatown Corruption.
The police committee of the Grand
Jury in session last evening resumed
j its investigation of alleged police cor
j ruption in Chinatown. Sergeants Ellis
and Fraher and Patrolmen Henry M.
j Heinz, R. R. O'Brien and Farrell were
j called. Commissioner Drinkhouse was J
| also a witness. *A report will prob-
I ably be made to the Grand Jury when
It meets this afternoon.
When the cases of the ninety-three
women, who were arrested in the raid
that Grand Jurors Andrews and Bowes
j instigated Wednesday evening at 620
; Jackson street and 1129 Dupont street,
i were called in Judge Fritz's court yes-
I terday petitions were filed for a change i
of venue. The hearing will be held j
to-day. The prisoners, with a few ex- j
ceptions, furnished bail in the amount
of $200 each. The total sum deposited
was $16,670.
A warrant was sworn out by Deputy
Sheriff Donovan yesterday charging
George Sellinger, "manager" at 1129
Dupont street, with interfering with
an officer. He is said to have offered
resistance during the raid.
The principal reason for the action
of the grand jurors in having the raids
made It appears was to rebuke Su
perior Judges Carroll Cook and J. C.
B. Hebbard for issuing writs of in
junction restraining Chief Wlttman
from making further arrest* at the re
sorts named.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THURSDAY, JAN. 19.
City and County of San Francisco to Minnie
H. Brown, lot on N lino of Green street,
137:11% W of Scott, W 27:0% by N 137:6;
Ludwig and Mercedes Axnsteln to Christian
and Anna Lehrke, lot on E line of Lyon street,
87:6 N of Hayes, N 26 by E 112:6; $10.
John and Ada M. Hlllman to Moses Fisher,
lot on S line of Hermann street, 62:6 E of
Stevenson, E 25 by S 86; $10.
Josephine Cockrill to Milton S. Eisner, lot on
S line of Sixteenth street, 69:10 E of Valencia,
E 25:2 by S 115; (10.
Henry and Marie Martens to Huedt Estate
Company, lot on E line of Mission street, 66 S
of Twenty-first, S 60 by B 122:6; $10.
I. C. Scharff to William Miller, undivided
half of lot on E line of San Carlos avenue, 210
N of Nineteenth, N 25 by E 80; also lot on
SW line of Tenth avenue, 200 NW of N
street, NW 75 by SW 100, block 210, O'Neill
and H. tract; $10.
Blake and Amelia B. Franklin to Michael
Savagt,. lot on S line of Fourteenth street, 200
W of Noe, W 28 by S 116; $10.
Catherine Madden to Edward Ferguson, lot on
E line of Harrison street, 208 S of Twentieth,
8 26 by E 100; $10.
B. P. and Catherine F. Oliver to Johanna J.
Stokes, lot on W line of Montgomery street,
34:4% N of Sutter. N 68:9 by W 60; $10.
Chick Pong and Qu Law to John J. Quinn.
lot on E line of Spofford street, 128:4 S of
Washington, S 36:8 by E 47:6%: $10.
Henry Brummer to Antoninl Trapani, lot on
SE corner of Francisco and Jones streets, E
89 by S 112:6; 910.
Alexander Thorstenson <pr Thurston) to
Dewey Navigation and Trading Company, lot
on S line of Jessie street, 170 W from E line
of 100-vara lot 3, W 16 by S 87:6; $1000.
Francis and Lewis M. Cutting (executors of
the estate of Lewis Cutting) to Betts Spring
Company, lot on N line of Bryant street, 80
W of Rlncon place, W 32:6 by N 100; $3800.
Betts Spring Company to Charles E. Gum
blnner. same; $10.
Lillian Sharon (wife of William) to Shlels
Estate Company, lot on NW line of Minna
street, 298 SW of Third. SW 22 by NW 70 and
all interest in 100 vara lot 16; $10.
Emile and Vlrglnle Glrard to Philippe Gl
rard, lot on SE line of Perry street. 300 NE of
Fourth. NE 26 by SE 80; $10.
Isabella B. and Martha Lacy to Isabella H.
Lacy, undivided 2-6 of lot on 8 line of Fourth
street. 65 NW of Brannan, SW 88 by NW 25;
$10.
E. A. Leigh and John L Davidson to Anne
Wulzen, lot on N corner of Folsom and Ninth
streets. NE 50 by NW 90; $10.
John Center, George S-. William H., Grace
M.. Samuel M. and William H. Crim Jr. to
Southern Pacific Company. lot on W line of
Florida street, 40 N of Alameda, N 84:6%, SW
171:2. E 70:10%, N 55, E 8; also lot on W
line of Bryant street, 210 N of Alameda, N
34:5%, SW 211:11%, S 17:9%, E 100, N 60,
E 100; $10.
Real Estate and Development Company to
Christine Bemmerer (wife of A.), lot on E line
of Connecticut street, 60 S of Nineteenth, S
25 by E 100; grant.
Baldwin & Howell (corporation) to Stephen
Carmody. lot on NE corner of Nevada (or
Twenty-third) and Texas streets, N 25 by E
100; $10.
Henry L. and Anna McKnow to Mabel R.
Mouser. lot on E line of Twelfth avenue, 150
S of Clement street, S 50 by E 120; $10.
G. Arthur and Mary Smith to Charles Mllt
ner, lot on W line of Eighteenth avenue, 125
N of Point Lobos avenue, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Bay District Land Company to Bertha C.
VandeTbilt (wife of Joseph D.), lot on E line
of Second avenue, 125 N of A street, N 26 by
E 120; $10.
Walter J. Goldman to Belle A. Goldman, lot
on SW corner of Thirty-seventh avenue and B
street, W 45 by S 100; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to William
F. Krueger. lot on W line of First avenue, 225 i
N of C street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
John H. and Freda Glngg to Emllie K. Bar
bat, lot on W line of Third avenue, 35 N of
I street, N 50 by W 95; $10.
Wallace C. Wise to August S. and Bettlna
Greth. lot on W line of Forty-eighth avenue,
87:6 S of J street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
City Land Company to John Rosenfeld's
Sons, lot on NW corner of Twenty-fourth
avenue and U street. W 54:3, NE 25:6, SE
50:5, S 22:4; also lot on NW corner of Twen
ty-third avenue and U street. W 240, N 18:7.
SE 240:5, 8 8:8; also lot on SW corner of
Twenty-fourth avel»u e and U street, S 225. W
100. NE 228, E 66:3; also lot on NW corner of
Twenty-fourth avenue and V street, N 161:6.
W 131. SW 164. E 156:8; also lot on SW
corner of Twenty-fourth avenue and V street,
W 168:9, SW 476:1, S 129:8, E 240. N 600;
also outside lands blocks 1194 to 1196, 1245
and 1246; $10.
Helen Mills to Lizzie G. Hecker (wife of
Jchr. G). lot on N line of V street. 57:6 E
of Thirty-eighth avenue, E 50 by N 100; $10.
Same to same, lot on E line of Thirty
eighth avenue, 125 N of V street, N 25 by
E 120; $10. L
James Camp to Emil Werle. lots 35 and 36,'
block 5, Lavevlew; $10. •
Willie J. Llkins to Mike and Bertha R.
Mirnoff. lot on S line of Richland avenue.
160 W of South avenue. W 25 by S 100, lot
20, block 5. Holly Park; $10.
Benjamin and Fannie Blywlse to Oscar H.
Ferguson, lot on NW line of Paris street, 275
NE of Brazil. NE 25 by NW 100, block 13,
Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Dennis Murphy to Julia Murphy, lot 19,
block 0, Flint Tract: $10.
State of California <by Edward J. Smith,
Tax Collector) to George H. Roundey. lota
1144 to 1147, gift map 2; $100.
Amenayda Legulme to John 8. and Ellen
M- Barrett, lot on E line of Nebraska street.
425 N of Augusta. N 25 by E 100. lot 392.
Silver "Wrrace; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
James M. and Catherine Fanning (owners)
with Theodore G. Cordell snd H. W. B?ach
(contractors), architect—All work for a
three-story frame building on SW line of
Tenth street, 300 8E of Harrison, 25 by 100;
$7774.
Nils and Mary Ross (owners) with Joseph
F. Boeddeker (contractor), architect—All
work except mantels, shades and gas fixtures
for a two-story frame building on S line of
Thirteenth street, 60 W of Treat avenue;
$4018.
Vincent Lorenzlni (owner) with I* Cuneo
(contractor), architects John A Zimmermann—
Ail work except gas fitting, plumbing, sewer
ing and painting for a two-story frame build
ing (flats) on E line of Walnut street, 107:6%
N of California, N 38 by E 87:6; $8000.
Same owner with G. C. Sweeney (contractor),
same architects—Gas fitting, plumbing and
sewering for same on same; $1308.
Joseph Roseuzweig (owner) with A. Howklns
(contractor), architect Frank S. Van Trees—
Ail work for a two-story frame building on
lot commencing at point 137:6 W of Intersec
tion of Jones and Bush streets, thence along
Bush street. 68:6 by N 137:6; $12,000.
G. \V. Wlckllffe (owner) with M. S. Show
(contractor and architect) —Atl work for a
flv'-room and basement frame cottage onE
linn of Twelfth avenue. 175 N of A street. N
25 by E 120; $2400.
Arizona Enters Her Protest.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 19.—The
Arizona Legislature to-day passed
unanimously a joint resolution pro
testing against Statehood with New
Mexico in any form and preferring
Territorial government forever.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 19.—A temporary injunc
tion waa granted by Judge Rhodes to-day en
the petition of the Santa Clara Interurban
Railroad Company, enjoining the Board of
Trustees of the town of Mayfleld from pro
ceeding to sell to the highest bidder a fran
chise on the San Francisco and San Jo*e
county road from the westerly to the easterly
limits of that town.
FIRE PATROL ELECTS
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Annual Report Is Received and
Thanks Are, Extended for Good
Work Performed.
The annual meeting of the Under
writers' Fire Patrol of San Francisco
was held yesterday and the follow
ing directors were elected to serve
during the year: C. A. Henry, V. C.
Driffield, John Scott Wilson, _. L.Brom
well, Rudolph Herold Jr. and Bernard
Faymonville. The annual report of
the patrol was submitted.
During the last year, so it was set
forth in the report, a contract was let
for a new station, to be known as No.
4, to stand on the southwest corner of
Twentieth street and Treat avenue.
The building Is nearly completed and
will be ready to be occupied within
the present month. Thanks were re
turned by the directors to Chief Sulli
van, assistant Fire Chief Dougherty
and the members of the fire patrol for
good work; also to the telephone com
pany for telephones, free of cost, in all
the stations.
In the year ending December 31,
1904, there were 825 bell alarms, 61
still alarms, 64 false alarms and 23
fires were extinguished. Covers were
spread for stock 'to the number of
2369 and for roofs 260. One fire only
Involved a loss exceeding $40,000.
That was the blaze in the premises of
the Hilbert Mercantile Company. The
loss was $107,341 90.
REFUSES TO BE TREATED
LIRE A POODLE DOG
Works Commissioner Maestretti Ex
plains Why He Would Not Inspect
Theaters With Grand Jury-
Public Works Commissioner Maes
tretti yesterday issued the following
statement explaining why he declined
to continue the inspection of theaters
with the Grand Jury Committee on
Wednesday afternoon:
By appointment the Board of Public Works
met a committee of the Grand Jury to resume
inspection of theaters. The first theater vis
ited was the California on Bush street.
The committee, consisting of Messrs. An
drews and Bowes, made a very superficial
examlnaUon of the place. Certain trifling
technical and other violations of the building
ordinance relative to theaters were found, but
the committee did not seem inclined to take
them up seriously as they had done with the
very same defects in the minor theaters like
the Baldwin and Novelty, but they appeared
willing to gloss them over. When the com
mittee had completed its hasty observation
I asked the committee where they were going
next.
Mr. Bowes said: "We are handling this.
You can follow."
I thought this answer extremely discour
teous and, as I will not be treated like a
poodle dog by any man, even a grand Juror.
I said I had other business to attend to and |
would not accompany the committee further
unless they would say where they were going. |
It seemed to mo that there was neither s'ln- i
cerlty. dignity nor ordinary civility in the j
committee's work to-dsy. If they find any j
violations of the ordinance small or great I
shall be pleased as president of the Board of ;
Public Works to take them up if the com
mittee will appear at our office In the City ,
Hall or will send In a written report of their
findings.
I would soon become tired of following these
modern Haroun-al-Raschids through, all their
undisclosed wanderings.
The Louisiana R. G. Company of San
Francisco.
ORGANIZED MAT. 1900.
TO THE PUBLIC: BEWARE OF COUN
TERFEITS'.! All genuine tickets of this com
pany have Initials "R, G. CO." on faces and ;
monogram "R. G. C." on backs thereof.
Following are the Capital Prizes as dscided
by the Honduras National Co., Saturday. Jan
uary 14ih, 1905: No. 49,695 wins $7500, sold In
Stockton, Cal.; No. 71,750 wins $2000. sold In !
San Francisco, Cal.; No. 86,994 wins $1000,
sold in San Francisco, Cel.; No. 66,784 wins
$600, sold In Auburn. Cal.; No. 90.064 win* i
$250, sold In San Francisco, Cal.; No. 65,535
Wins $250, sold in San Francisco. Cal.
The R. G. Company paid to Theodore Berth,
lIT 6 Bellevue aye., Los Angeles, Cal., $7600 |
for whole ticket No. 73,292, drawing December
17, 1904; to Chin Gin, 834 Washington St.. San
Francisco. Cal., $1000 for one-half ticket No. '
90 214. drawing December 17, 1904; to Victor
London, 6 Howard st.. San Francisco, Cal., j
$1000 for Whole ticket No. 53,047. drawing De
cember 17/ 1904; to Mrs. Charles Finberg, 725 j
Broadway. San Francisco, Cal., $1280 for one- j
half ticket No. 32,589, drawing December 29, |
1904. •
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
JENNINGS. La. Jan. 19. —The doors of the
Citizens' Bank were closed to-day. There has
been a heavy drain on the bank for the past
three days.
LOSES HIS ARM.—Joseph Donnelly, a
laborer, was run down yesterday by a sand
train at Kentucky and Sixteenth streets. One :
arm was so badly Injured by the accident that I
amputation was necessary.
GEORGE W. SCOTT WILL RETIRE.— i
Alameda, Jan. 19.—George W. Scott, president
of the Alameda Advancement Association, has
announced that he will not again aspire to
the position and that he will retire next month. '
Business reasons are given.
HONOR HIS MEMORY.—Two committees, I
composed of the Particular Council and the '
Parish Conference of Sacred Heart Church,
met at the parochial residence last night and <
drafted resolutions in memory of Father Hugh j
Lagan, late pastor of the church.
ROBS HIS BROTHER-IN-LAW.—Charles !
Baclgalupl was arrested last evening on a
charge of burglary preferred by his brother
in-law. Bmll Cereghino, of 1200 Kearny street. j
Ceregrilno alleges that Baclgalupl entered his ;
residence a short time ago and took a sealskin
coat, also silverware valued at about $50. I
SUES fOR WIFE'S DEATH —C. F. Large |
yesterday sued the Albion Lumber Company
for $20,000 for the death of his wife. Mary
Large. He alleges that on August 27, 1903. she |
became a passenger on a railroad car owned
by the company In Mendocino County. A wire
hung across the track whleh was struck by the
train and pulled down a telegraph pole. The
pole fell upon Mrs. Large's head and resulted
in her death. (
CONVICTED OF FORGERY.—S. W. Vuli
cevltch was convicted by a Jury in Judge
Lawlor's court yesterday on a charge of forg
ery. He then pleaded guilty to a second charge.
He was ordered to appear for sentence on Jan
uary 28. During the last campaign he passed
several forged checks on saloon-keepers, among
them two on E. O. Wllkens, purporting to have
been Blgned by Judge J. L. Troutt. Each was
for $2 50. He had been in trouble before.
« + »
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. January 18.
Stmr Gipsy, l.eland, 26 hours from Mon- j
terey.
Stmr Manchuria. Saunders, 22 days 2 hours
and 34 minutes from Hongkong, via Yoko
hama 13 days 9 hours and 27 minutes.
SAILED.
Thursday, January 19.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, Grays Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
MONTEREY—Arrived Jan 19—Shin Marion
Chllcott, from Honolulu.
ABERDEEN—Arrived Jan 19—Schr H D
Bendixsen, from Redondo; schr Jas A Gar
field, hence Jan 6; schr Kona, from Ran Pedro. '
Sailed Jan 19—Stmr G C Lindauer. for San
Francisco; echr Sausalito, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS. i
VICTORIA—Arrived Jan 19—Stmr Ramon*,
from Skagway.
Passed out Jan 19—Nor stmr Titania, from
Oyster Harbor, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK—Arrived Jan 19—Stmr Koenig
Albert, from Genoa and Naples; stmr North
America, from Genoa; stmr Manitou. from
London. i
Sailed Jan 19—Stmr Bluecher, for Hamburg,
via Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr La Gas
cogne. for Havre; stmr Pomeranian, for Glas
gow.
QUEENSTOWN —Sailed Jan 19—Stmr Iver
nia. from Liverpool, for Boston; stmr Baltic,
from Liverpool for New York.
LEGHORN—SaiIed Jan 18—Stmr Italia,
for New York.
GENOA—Arrived Jan IS—Stmr Perugnla,
from New York, via Naples. Jan 19—Stmr j
Canopic. from Boston.
LONDON— Arrived Jan 19—Stmr Lancas- !
trian. from Boston.
Sailed Jnn 19—Stmr Minneanolis, for New
York.
HAVRE-Arrived Jan 19—Stmr La Tou- j
raine. frorr. New York.
DOVER—Arrived Jan 19—Stmr Pretoria,
from New York.
LIVERPOOI—Arrived Jan 19—Stmr Pre- 1
torlan, from St John. N B, and Halifax, via I
Movllle.
GLASGOW—Arrived Jan 19—Stmr Numld
tan. from New York.
MOJI— Sailed Jan 19—Stmr Forestbrook, for |
Seat t Is. !
NUMBERS
OF THE
Honduras National Lottery Co
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY).
PATENT APPLIED FOR.
Single Numbers Class "A" Drawn al j
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A.,
t Saturday, January 14, 1905.
No. Prize. |No. Prize. | No. Prize.
153 601 221 36! 245 24 I
.'SO7 60 434 36| 460 24 I
675 24] 691 120( 702 24 |
798 8«| 807 180< 864 36 |
863 36, 1064 60| 1123 36;
1173 36| IIW 24i 1209 24 j
1314 3« 1388 241 1444 36 ;
1445 24| 1496 24| 1498 120 i
1608 241 1669 86| 1800 36 j
2161 36j 2273 241 2304 180
2644 24| 2648 36j 2697 86
2930 24! 3013 12013061 36
3214 2*| 3366 3«| 3419 ISO
3527 241 3543 120 8567 24
3665 30| 3687 361 3761 66
3774 24| 3811 60| 4027 60'
4164 36) 4302 24) 4322 60 I
4368 60| "438 M 361 4467 86 1
4033 24| 4685 24 4699 60
4921 120| 4953 241 4987 24
4974 361 6244 120| 5296 24
6381 36 6453 60! 6508 60
5521 36 5604 36| 5611 24]
5732 36 5856..*.. 60, 5872 24
5873 60 5906 24 5970 180
6005 24 6007 120 6008 180
6030 24 6112 60 6151....; 120
6188 86 6246 60 6285 24
6341 86 6404 24 6425 24 I
6490 241 6497 86 6588 24
6672 120 6848 24 6848 86
6918 36 7078 36 7086 36
7090...., 36 7216 60 7321 86
7918 86 8039 24 8096 36 j
8114 24 8284 60 8450 24
8505 86 8538 36 8551 24
8615 24 8733 60 8767 24
5782 86 8881 120 8962 60
8961 36 9069 120 9184 86
9235 24 9430 60 9466 24 |
9469 24 9509 60 9674 24 1
9907 24 9938 24 9966 86
10026 24110066 24 10131 24
10865 24 10391 60 10453 800
10845 24 10868 24 10927 60
11015 24 11278 120111361 24
11620 36|11607 60 11616 24
11675 24111778 241
13885 86111953 24(11988 24
11998 24112173 86 12246 86
12277 24(12522 24 12636 36
12880 120112901 60 13144 120
13146 60113189 36|13343 60 j
13361 24; 13366 24113457 24 i
13481 24 13711 60113722 24 j
13724 60 13811 38113849 120
13024 24 [13997 36 14064 120
14098..... 120114115 24 14207 120 !
14245 24 14361 24 14449 24
14461 24 14633 24 14636 24 1
14711 24 14809 60 14936 24 [
14955 36 15079 60 15379 24
16450 60 15705 36 15717 36;
15771 60 15943 24 H5958 60 i
16037 36 16237 24] 16332 24
18878 120 16378 24116672 60 i
16698 24 16952 36 16963 80
17087 24 17169 86 17179 120 j
17450 60 17307 86 17523 24 I
17757 86 17815 86 17856 80
17965 36 18184 24 18188 60
18224 24 18242 60 18432 60;
18477 24 18720 36 18804 24 |
18811 36 18885 24 18913 24
18941 60 19089 60 19189 24 I
19224 24 19319 180 19424 60!
19472 24 19515 120 19570 24,
19664 36 19864 24 19882 24!
19893 120 19960 30 20127 60]
20396 24 20406 60 20436 24 1
20466 120 20475 24 20548 24;
20604 86 20793 60 20810 120.
20914 36 20939 60 21089 24 >
21053 60 21130 60*1284 36
21305 24 21353 24 21362 86
21636 60121673 36,21688 60
21722 24121794 120;21876 24
22128 36122182 60122208 24 ,
22269 120(22301 60)22327 24
22348 36 22462 24122408 24 !
22752 24|22786 36.22992 120
23020 60 23180 36123311 60
23438 86 23588 180]23700 86
24032 36 24061 36 34237 120
24259 120 24355 24124601 24
24623 24 24546 60;24822 180:
14910 24 24953 600! 24968 86
25051 24125109 36128152 24
25243 24126265 60125351 120
25682 24:25923 24128017 24
26143 60 26156 80 36356 86
26371 24 26568 24:26736 36
26770 86(28878 36(26944 180
28986 36j27155 60!27200 60
27218 36127281 24127440 24
27602 80 27654 24 27698 24
27728 24 27795 38 27927 80 i
28268 24128450..... 24 28694 24 '
28750 36(28772 24 28873 24
29192 60129325 36129449 36
29452 24 29629 120(20744 60 :
29870 120 -9929 24120993 24
30106 60 30259 24130277 600
30288 24 30318 60180348 86
80878 86 30389 24130699 80 i
80833 24 30918 24131013 24
81088 86(31182 12031322 86
818 M 24 31457 60 31482 24
81504 86 31684 36131708 36 ;
31737 24181770 120131873 36 I
81945 36131996 24132175 24 j
32224 120(32245 36(32260 36
32266 36(32307 24 32630 24
32703 24(32745 24132798 24
32824 60(82862 36182950 24 !
32978 24(32994 24133033 24
18418 24(33441..... 60 33498 36;
33562 36(33632 24 336*0 36 I
33706 24133777 24133833 60 ;
33964 24 34026 120 34073 24
34008 24 34178 24 34258 '120
34423 36 34490 24134581 24:
34034 60 34668 120134804 36 1
34928 24(34953 24(34978 36
35058 60135168 88(35173 60
35186 180135216 24135205 60
35333 3635344 24 85363 , 24 !
36469 36135608 60(35783 86 I
35791 24(35813 24(35875 60
35899 60 36021 60136051 24 |
36140 60136185 24(36353 24
86361 24136394 86(38426 180
36522 36136634 24(36545 24
36658 24136710 36138771 180 i
36811 24(36838 36 36840 24 !
37082 120i37146 24 37185 120
37194 36 37463 36(37529 36 i
37583 60 37597 36|37640 36 :
37672 180(37698 24|37731 60.'
37898 24(37916 36 37968 800 :
38004 24138150 36 38173 24 I
38210 24138306 24 38360 24
38460 24138642 60 58570 24'
38699 60138720 86 38823 86 I
88929 60 88874 36:39035 24 1
39094 2439162 2439346 24
39467 24139496 24(39538 36'
39597 24189888 24139936 24 :
39948 60 40658 24(40733 38
40751 36(40775 24|40880 36 (
40890 24 1 40922 24(41032 24 i
41220 24 41293 24 41406 86!
41541 36 41576 24 41704 86 1
41766 38 41828 24141843 38
41840 60 41860 24(41963 24
42168 36 42189 36 42203 24
42337 + 180 42376 60 42828 36*
42564 . 80 42776 180 42788 36
43132 24 43337 60143346 60'
43355 24(43367 24 48660 24
43659 24 43780 24(43843 24
43946..... 120 44001 36(44064 24 1
44248 24 44183 24 44509 80 1
44560 24 44577 24144688 24
44697 24 44764 24 46600 36!
46401..... 24 45572 120( 45813 24 I
45864 120 45805 60146896 36
45064 88 48072 24146011 36
46089 24 46188 «»4!46413 24 I
46416 36 46482 60:46576 24!
46717 24 46875 120J47071 24 (
47258 36 47859 36147475 24
47538 24 47566 36(47575 180 I
47628 24 47771 24(47784 120
47961 36 48040 60 48178 24
48257 24)48581 24!48«07 60
48611 24(48665 24148859 24
48046 24149088 2449110 * 24
49196 36149213 24! 49306 3*
493*1 24 1 49427 241
49530 24 40652 36(49686 45000
49768 120149776 24>49917 38
50015 3R150115 120150117 24
60293 24150627 24150704 120
50715 24(50858 36151168 120
51216 24151286 24|51339 60
51383 24(51400 60151510 36 i
51573 24161586 86151789 36 (
61867 36152101 24 52171 24 ,
82185 24152245 24(52423 24 I
52476 36(52576 60152845 3« j
62875 60(53006 36(53047 36 '
53427 36153451 120153488 ifi '
53561 120153664 24153913 120!
53994 24154039 24154061 120 1
84150 ' 60(54174 24154215 ISO i
54253 36154290 24(54321 HO
54399 24154533 24(54817 M
65025 36 55144 24155226 36 !
5542* 24156626 24155628 24 :
55663 24155716 36155764... 04 ;
55818 36(55963 24! 56063 120 1
56135 24(56285 36(56308 «>4 I
56396 24(56399 00 58532 120 1
66675 120 66668 24i 56742... 6A I
567C6 24156784 3000156785...;! 24 :
56841 24156892 24156937 SO I
57432 24157571 60157718 180,
57723 36157747 24158030 24 !
5*507 601585 ft! 60(58661 21
58755 21158807 24(58827... M
59017 2H89088 24159170 •> j j
60308 24159311 24159340!24
50350 6050356 ISO 593R4 1
69395 24 58672 120159684 . '. ! '' !
59753 180(59844 24160013 I«rt
60107 24160235 24160594_ !
60651 36160671 1201fn81504 I
00978 24(61113 8*161171._!'.' rft '
ft 1219 60(61239 3eifil242 " _8
«12f8 60161332 36161569. 24
«t7lO 24KU757 .ie 61802.. " 86
2«14 60161M2 24*1945 I: »V J
2*01959, .... CO 61882..." o]
«2039 24162080 60 12200
«2272 24162489 3P162620.. "4
WW 120 62078 24162714 «4
•2272S 60:62826 36!6282a'. '.'.' '
63200 120(63375 Of K.T3S3?,
6339 M 6061712 *»41R3*171*1
120164063 36 64170::::: W
«*291 60164371 24:64177 36
No. Prise. INo. Prize. (No. Prize.
64570 241G4720 24 114772 24
64838 36J64938 36165089 24
63115 120'«5139 180jU5183 24
65147 24 65360 120 65434 60
65496 24)86538 1500 05575 60
65786.,... 30 36580 224(65974 24
65994 6000 ! 06034 12060283 24
66430 24166654 60
66602 36166677 36 < 6688#.. .. . 86
06816 60166858 24(67000 36
67058 60167092 120 67139 24
i 67148 2467159 24 67178 3«
'67206 60 67258 36 67541 128
j 67574 36 67821 24 67994 24
68001...... 60 68093 24:68180 24
68605 24 68688 24|C876S 6<>
68815 36168871 241C8894..... 24
69013 24|69100 60169150 120
1 69276 24 69296 24169324 36
1 69377 120 69485 24 09576 24
169690 36 70252 24 70801 36
( 70725 120 70806 60i71058 60
i 71069 24(71088 24|7113l 24
I 71214 24 71319 24.71383 60
! 71409 24(71417 60171440 38
1 71443 36 71500 24 71593 24
71601 24171676 36171750 12000
71767 40(71814 60:71859 24
171972 24 72035 36 72104 24
172111 24 72383 24 72648 80
72760 36172953 36|73039 36
73040 24(73120 36173230 80
I 73235 24 73408 120 73458 24
1 73546 24173589 24 ! 73648 24
' 73726 24 73779 36(73799 24
j 73870 120 73917 24173990 24
74041 24 74080 60 74168 24
74212 36174257 24 74448 60
I 74529 24 74566 60 74575 120
174687 24 74964 60 76081 60
76176 60 75189 36 75212....» 24
75289 36 75441 24
75616 24 75680 120 75712...- ffl
76779 60 75911...~ 86
75969 86 76003...«» J576187 60
76210 24 76255 5) 76266 36
176272 60 76678 86 76810..... 80
(76673 60 76694 86 76764 24
(76935 24 76849 800 77188..... SO
77172 24 77427 24 77597..... 24
77658 24 77698 60 77740..... 24
177798 120 78223 24 78390.. _.. 24
78603 36 78786 60 78928..._ 60
(78956 24 79006 24 79106...120
(79106 24 79118 24 79217..... 24
79266 24 79356 86 79488 120
79491 24 79494 86 79702 24
' 79723 36 79730 24 79757 180
79825 120(79849 36 79853 Si
(79907 24179908 80 80147 24
1 80204 86 80290 24 80302 24
( 80423 60 80467 86 80477 80
! 80629 86180713 60 80809 120
I 81020 24 81089 24 81181 60
(81269 36 81378 36 81407..... 120
81521 24 81609 24 81660 88
81727 36 81854 36 81856..,., 86
82021 36 82061 24 82210 88
182246 24 82401 86 82612..... 80
82630 24 82880 120 82986 36
< 83087 86 83158 36 83234 88
183347 60 83488 60 88574 60
83037 36 83759 120 83828 86
I 83838 60 83849 24 88868 24
183**6 24 83888 86183987 60
! 84105 60 84190 36 54253 34
(84353 36 84379 24(84464 80
[ 84531 24 84762 24184813 24
i 84932 60 84977 24 t 85060 60
85093 36 86186 60 85220 36
j 85255 24 85293 86 85329 38
8.1369 24 86426 36 85468 120
,85546 24 85550 «0| 85639 60
! 85674 24 85757 120 85886 88
j 86016 24 86021 24 86035 60
180288 24 86417 60 86484 120
! 80612 36 86728 24 86796...— 36
(86811 24|86847 88 86815 24
86952 36186974 60 87271 24
! 87493 24!87495 24]87600 24
87698 86(87728 80187794 120
I 87906 60 87963 36(87965 88
88009 24(88014 88 88015 88
88260 24188287 36 88418 80
' 88437 24 88611 24 88730 38
88930 24 8*954 120 88980..... 86
! 89071 36189171 86(89238 120
89237 120189453 24|89M9 24
89618 36(89801 24(89280 60
( 89961 60190024 60190054 1500
90071 24(90151 24(90346 24
90608 24 90662 24(90688 86
90758 120190769 24:90827 24
1 91166 24:91240 24*91264 12©
, 91349 36191559 24(91678 24
; 91727 60191786 36191793 24
91820 24 91912 60(92166 24
92240 36192324 24.02353 3«
92443 60*2619 24 92691 60
92708 36192846 80(92876 24
93170 36(93267 36193250... 24
93409 24 ! 93492 24:93507 24
03530 24198549 3693642 24
93747 60(93799 2493876 24
93909 36193912 2493966 24
94117 120(94236 24(94435 24
94532 60194670 60(94748 24
06026 60 95100 24105209 24
95226 24 95253 60 95331 21
95479 60195480 24 95551 SO
95557 24!95637 36:95948..... 60
95094 120 96063 120:06067 3H
96158 36(96180 36 96203 24
96207 86196268 60196341 24
96407 36(96421 60 06601 24
. 96708 36106063 I2O!06»02 88
97075.... 24197079 24(97194 24
07208 24197800 36 97724 60
97821... 24'
97009:::.'.' 36i97947 60*98198 24
j 98210 24(98235 60198275 .16
! 98278 24 98440 60 08451 120
98537 120 9*572 120 98639 .16
( o*6BB 36 0*60.1 24 98765 24
, 08*61 120 9**7o 60100036 SO
99267 24 092*3 60*89285 36
09320 180199422 50100440 24
199479 36(09675.;... 30 99749 24
| 99890 241 I
APPROXIMATION PRIZEB.
100 numbers from 49645 to 49745 inclusive.
; being; 50 numbers on each side of the number
I drawing the capital prize of $45,000. $60.
( 100 numbers from 7f700 to 71800 inclusive,
i being; 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $12,000, $36.
100 numbers from 65044 to 66044 inclusive,
being 50 numbers en each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $6000. $24.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
999 numbers ending with 95. being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $45,000. $12.
990 numbers ending with 60, being the last
two figures of the number drawing the second
capital prize of $12,000, $12.
The subscriber, having supervised the single
number drawing of class A, Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby certifies that ths
above are the numbers which were this
day drawn from the 100,000 placed Is ths
wheel with prizes corresponding to them. Wit
ness my hand at Puerto Cortez, Honduras.
Central America, this Saturday, January
14 1906.
(Signed) W. L. CABELL, Commissioner.
No 49698 draws first capital prise, $45,000,
sold In Philadelphia. San Francisco, Cincin
nati. Boston. Indianapolis, Columbus, St.
Louis.
No. 71750 draw« second capital prize. $12060.
sold In New York. Boston, Chicago. Washing
ton.
No. 95994 draws third capital prise. $6000.
told in New Orleans, Chicago, Peoria, New
York, Boston Indianapolis, St. Louis.
No. 56784 draws fourth capital prise, $3000,
sold In New York, Boston, Chicago, New Or
leans, Washington.
$45,000 FOR $8 WHOLE OF FIRST CAPITAL
PRIZE.
State of Massachusetts, oity of Boston, De
cember 27. 1904.—Hugh A. Madden, being duty
sworn, deposes snd ssys he resides at 48
Oneida street, city of Boston, State of Massa
chusetts; that he Is the rightful owner of ths
whole ticket No. 73292 of the Honduras Na
tional Lottery Company, which drew the first
capital prise of $45,000 in the drawing held
at Puerto Cortes, Honduras, Central America,
on December 17. 1904, and that the amount
of said prize of $45,000 was paid In full with
out discount on presentation to the representa
tive of the company.
(Signed) HUGH A. MADDEN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me on this
27th day of December, 1904.
(Signed) J. H. TURN BULL.
Notary Public.
$4000 FOR $1. ONE THIRD OF SECOND
CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of California, Los Angeles County. I.
Robert Porisch. of lawful age. being duly
sworn, depose and say that I am the sole and
bonafide owner of one-third ticket No. 90211.
which number won the second capita) prize ol
$12,000 in the Honduras National Lottery of
the drawing held at Puerto Cortez, Honduras,
on Saturday, December 17. 1904. and that I
have signed to the Co-operative Savings Bank
of Los Angeles, California, said ticket for col
lection.
(Signed) ROBERT PORISCH.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this sth
day of January, A. D., 1905.
(Signed) F. H. NICHOLS.
Notary Public
$2000 FOR 50 CENTS. ONE-SIXTH OF SEC
OND CAPITAL PRIZE.
EAST ST. LOUIS, 111.. Dec. 27. 1904—Th»
: undersigned. James O'Laughlin, deposes snd
i says that he is a resident of East St. Louis,
j and that he is the rightful owner of one-sfxth
j ticket on No. 90214 of 'the Honduras National
i Lottery Company, which In the drawing had
|on Saturday. December 17, 1904, at Puerto
Crrtez. Honduras. C. A., drew the second
I capital prize of twelve thousand dollars, ard
I that he received the amount of his prise in
full without any deduction whatever.
• (Signed) JAMES OLAUQHLIN.
611 Bond aye.. East St. Louis
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
I 2*th day of December. 1904.
(Signed) GEORGE L. TARLTON.
Notary - Public.
! $2000 FOR $1— ONE-THIRD OF THIRD CAP
ITAL PRIZE.
State of InUlan;i. County of Marion
l INDIANAPOLIS, lrd.. Dec. 27, 1904.- We
: nic t!>e bona lide owners of one-third ticket
I No. 53047. which won the third capital prize
lof *(»C0 00, tn th» drswlng of the Honduras
i NMlonal Lottery Company, which took pl*c>*
al Puerto Cortez. Honduras, on Saturday, De
j cember 17. 1904. Said irize was collected
i through the Interstate Trust and Bank Com
pany of New Orleans. La.
(Signed) O. D. STEWART.
J. C. LEWIS.
Sworn to before me. this 27th day of Decem
ber. 1904. fSisned)
ANDREW SMITH, Notary PublicCOMMERCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Lingo business in Sforks on the Bond Exchange.
New York Stocks about the same. Cotton firm.
Silver somewhat lonfer again. Exchange about the same.
Beet Granulated' Sugar marked down .inc.
Decreased experts of Flour from- this port.
Wheat and Barley Futures lower. Oats firm. Corn steady.
Bran steady. Hay easy and Beans dull.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables not materially changed.
Nothing nezv in Poultry and Game.
Open-air Raspberries in from Watsonviile.
Apples higher. Citrus Fruits unchanged.
Butter firm, Eggs selling fairly and Cheese quiet.
Grain Bags for summer delivery a fraction off.
Flour Export Trade.
The following shows the exports of flour from
6ah Francisco by sea in December, 1804:
" To Barrel*. Values.
China' 16.910 $09.2<31
Central America 16.302 88.683
Hawaiian Islands 5,654 25.971
Krigland 6,000 22.500
Japan 6,417 22,72*
South. America 2,902 12.686
Elsewhere 4.171 18,029
Totals 57,462 8289,808
'. In December, 1908, the exports were 66.699
barrels valued at $277,075 and included 43.
--57- barrels for China, 3535 for Japan and 8882
for the Hawaiian Islands. The exports in De
cember, 1902, were 146.520 barrels, valueu at
8681.248. The Danish steamer Arab, which
cleared for China on the last day of that raontl
took out 63,260 barrels, valued at $890 375
' The monthly shipments for the year ending
December 81, 1904, were as follows.
• Month*— Barreii. .ValUf* I
January 70,363
February 60.W5 !
March 67,574 -45,.96
April, 361937 154,080
May '.• 29.448 iM.'x-
Juno ................ 78.4 U. 302.231
July ? I ...... oJoWI 388.281
August 88.868 340.894
48.785 206.214
October 143,161 •.H19.108
November 49.937 207.729
December - 6i,45S 239^606
' Totals 805,800 83,369.363
The total experts for 1903 were 837.830 bar
rels, valued at 83,441,671. In that year China
toojc over half a million barrels and the "hip
meats to Central America were about 112,000
barrels. The exports In 1902, Including the
shipment* to the Hawaiian Islands after June
I, were 1.140.115 barrels, valued at $3,837,800.
There were some large shipments to Australia
and New Zealand in that year, owing to the
drought in those countries.
- Steel Rails for Russia.
A broker's wire from Now York yesterday
said:
J. B. Clews says: Wo hear that the Rus
sian' Government has contracted in this coun- ,
try for 90,000 tons steel rails to complete a j
saj. in the Trans-Siberia Railroad In Eastern
Siberia, The rails are to be shipped from
Seattle. This is thought to foreshadow early
eace proceedings between Russia and Japan."
The • New 1 York Cotton Exchange will bo
- d Saturday, February 11, and Monday,
raary 13. Lincoln's birthday.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19.—Money on call waa
steady at 1%©3 per cent, closing bid 2 per
cent, offered 2% per cent. Time loans were
easy, with sixty days at 2% per cent, ninety;
days at 3 per cent and six months at 3j£3 % j
par cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4®4% per j
cent. Sterling exchange was strong, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4.8775 for !
demand and at $4.8535 for sixty-day bills, j
Posted rates. $4 86®4 88%. Commercial bills,
84 54%@4 85%. Bar silver, 60% c. Mexican
dollars, 47% c. Bonds —Governments, steady:
railroads, firm.
New York Stock Market.
KEW YORK, Jan. 19. —Transactions on the
Stock Exchange were not so large to-day as
yesterday, but sales reached above the million
share mark and the less congested dealings in
Reading sufficiently accounted for the contrac
tion in the total. The movement of prices was
hesitating and irregular, the level fluctuating
constantly In either direction throughout the
day. The violent advance in Reading, instead
of proving an incident to the buying of Btock
elsewhere, developed Into a positively deter
rent factor. The rocket-like rise in that stock
to above 90 In the first hour proved a wet blan
ket to the speculative enthuiaam and the up
ward course which prices had taken at the
opening was reversed. "When Reading was let
back and quieted somewhat prices were pushed
upward at some other points and efforts made
to revive the animation of the market. It
was diligently sought to convey the impres
sion that the excited rise in Reading was due
to 'its heavy earnings and the highly prosper
ous condition of the anthracite trade
rather' than to any large outstanding
short interest or to any danger of a cor
ner in' the stock, as began to be feared yes
terday. Rumor continued very busy with as
sociations of a short interest In the stock
Which was In distress and there was much con
jecture as to Its Identity. At the same time
the way In which the prosperity of the an
thracite trade and the earnings of the coalers
were enlarged upon made a diversion of the
■peculation -Into the other coalers, the easiest
recourse for the market leaders. The move
ment turned first into Ontario and Westsrn and
then in the Erics. Ontario and Western had the
additional advantage of rumor* that the mi
nority bolder* would be dealt with favorably
by the newly dominant New Haven control.
Amalgamated Copper enjoyed an early advance
on, the strength of the Increase of the dividend
disbursement- by a subsidiary company and
the. expectation of corresponding action by its
own directors during ths day. But the specu
lation'ln the stock proved unusually quiet for
a day set apart for dividend act ion."and it waa
-under pressure on reaction* with the rest of tne
market. Besides the misgivings aroused by
..the -fears of trouble among a short interest
In Reading, the threatened strike of trainmen
In the Pennsylvania service caused an under
tone of anxiety throughout the whole market.
The industrial situation has been singularly
fr*4 of labor disturbances for sum* time past,
and the. intrusion of this factor aroused a
feeling of anxiety as to Its possible spread.
The reports during the day of the progress
.of the conferenoe on the subject were followed
with keen Interest. The earning* for the sec
ond week in January, which came to hand,
failed to show the same rate of Increase over
those of last year, which has been the rule
in the recent past, thus confirming the views
of traffic officials that a midwinter lull had
occurred in trad* activity. Talk of disputes
■ over Western and Southwestern grain rates
also received attention. Brooklyn Transit
. weakened on the report submitted to the State
Railroad Commission concerning the large out
lay whloh would be required to secure the ef
fective operation of the system. This move
ment and pressure against Reading and Amal
gamated Copper helped to make the oloslng
easy, .
■ There was a broad and active demand for
■ bonds of practically all grades and the course
of prices was generally upward. Total sales,
par value, $6,006,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
New York Stock List.
E; F.. Hutton Sc. Co., 490 California street.
San Francisco, members of the New York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
quotation* of that exchange:
STOCKS.
Low. 1 Bid.
'~~|205
74% 74%
! 11
t*
33% 33%
93% 92 V4
35 34
94
• 2f.6oti
700
Adams Express ,
66,600 Amalg Copper ..
........ Am Can Co
Do pfd
2.,000'Am Car & Fy Co
700j ' Do pfd
60O|Am Cotton Oil..
Do pfd I
Am Express ....
. 1.800 Am Hide AD...
2/o00< . Do pfd
300 American Ice ...
4C01 Do pfd
|Am Linseed ....
V.lOOiAm Docomotlve.
.200" Do pfd
Am Halt
Do pfd
' 8,700 Am Sm A Rf Co.
1.400 Do pfd
• 6,700 Am Sugar
Do pfd
Am Tel A T Co.
Am Tob pfd
• 900 Am Woolen
....... Do pfd
r \IC0 Anaconda
..|Ann Arbor pf<1..
3.40O A T A R F '.
G9d( Do pfd
• •Jl.OOOiBn'.t ft Ohio
lOOl Do pfd
• lb,300!B R T
(Brock TJn Or*...
1.600!Brun« D A I...
JOOjCanada Southern
800|Canadian Pacific
T.700jC A O
'761
33
92%
35%
Civ!
'85''
86 |
I 26% 2«%
84% ( 85 85%
U3%]113 113%
143% 143%
139 140
140 141
148 149
21%[ 21%( 22
! 95 96
111 IllO 112
62 63
87% 87% 87%
100%'100% 101
302% 1102% 102%
- 62%| 02% 62%
1202 1210
11%| 11% 12%
i:::::
10%
60%
6%
87
37:
15
35
11%
65
34
I 94
i 34%
•I
[;•;;;
22 " I
iii'l
'87%
"94"
68
600; C & A
500j Do pfd
11.S00IC & G W
Do pfd A
100 Do pfd B
Do debs
7,40O : C & N W 1
11.5O0 C M & St P [1
j Do pfd |.
11 OOOjC R I A P (new)
2.100 Do pfd
] Do 4s 1
50oiCfcicago Term ..
600! Do pfd
300lChi Un Trac
300 Do pfd
1,000 C C C & St L..
Do pfd ...
Cle Lor AW...
Do pfd
1. 700! Colo P A I
Do pfd
'Col H C A I...
lOOlColo Scuth
I Do 1st pfd ..
I Do 2d pfd
1,500'Con Gas
iCcm Tob Co pfd.
80OiCorn Products- • -
Do pfd
pel A Hud
ID L A W
Den A South ...
Do pfd
1AOID A R G
100! Do pfd
I Detroit Un Ry..
3001 Detroit South ..
600 Do pfd
Diamond Match •
800pis Sees
I Do bonds ....
2,900iDu S S A A
8.100 Do pfd
156,500 Erie
25.9001 Do 1st pfd
8.500 Do 2d pfd
E A T H
Do pfd
400 Gen Electric ..
|Grt North pfd ..
I Green Con Cop ..
Havana Tob Co..
I Do pfd
:Hocking Val
1.100! Do pfd .;
4,600!llllnoio Central .
300| Inter Paper
200: Do pfd
Inter Pump ....
Do pfd
Iowa Central
Do pfd
K C F S A M pfd
6,400 Kan City 6outh.
14,400 Do pfd
Keo ADM
Lac Gas pfd
L E & W
I Do pfd
jLong Island
2.900|L A N
1 Rrvij v* rt --v^**.--.
81 I 80 80 83
28%I 22% 23%! 23% ;
I I 67 I 68%
88 i 35 35 »35%
86 I 87
213 |209%|211 [212
174% 173% ITS* 1 ' :<r 4
! |184 |1S4%
37%l 371-ti 37%, 3<%
88% 88 1 83 i 83% ,
82 I 82% 1
9%| 9 9 I 9%V
19%| 18% I 18%| 19 I
I 11%! 11 !
j 4S 47%| 47- 48
I 92% 91%, 99% 09%
! H5 42 i
I ™ LS
1 100 il07
47% 47 47 47%
89 05
111; i,m
\ »»i
1 2-2%; 22%
I 61% 61% 61%| 62
1 1 1 35%| 39%
it»8 197 % 1197• 3.198
!130 132
20 19%! 19% I 19%
! I 76 ! 77
' \ at**/ iioju
|182%;iS4%
■ kill
1236 !240
! 2* 22S
I 86 ! 86%
' 32% 32%! 32%! 32%
86 66 86 86%
:K»
1132
I .7
;is4%
34%
'S7%
.14%
35
37%
37%
14%
30
41%
biz--
s
27%
30%;
1.-..V.,
m
■
59 I
I
I
.....
.....
.....
38%
90
i 30
11 3«%
1 58%
17
106
38
102
63
i!140%
:!1«8%
I 11
:| 76%
116
23%
00
86
93%
1,149%
J 33%
1 67
l,600!Manhattan
;aaannattan Beaohi
700; Met ro Securities
6.500;Metro St Ey ..(]
3.40O|Mex Central ..I
300 Minn & St L ...
300; Do 1st pfd A
700| M St PAS S M.
lOOi Do pfd J
6,OOO;Mo Kan A Tex.
3.600 Do pfd
7,5O0|MisRoiirl Pacific.
[Nash Chat & StL
100! National Lead .
Do pfd
400IN R R of M pfd
SOOiNat Biscuit ...
Do pfd
500! New Jersey Cent|
IN Y Air Brake .!
7,100!N Y Central ...
N Y C A St L .
Do 1st pfd ..
Do 2d pfd ....
N Y Dock
45.200 N Y Ont A W.
4.1*00!Norf A West ..
j Do pfd
North Amer ...
2.000 North Securities.
Omaha
Do pfd
O 8 L 4 s
500 Pacific Coast ..
Do 1st pfd
Do 2d pfd ...
8.300 Pacific Mail ...
27,500iPa R R Co
2,600!People's Gas ...
100 Pere Marquette.
300| Do pfd
IP C C A St L.
Do pfd
•OO'Pressed Steel Car
200! Do pfd
200!Pullman Car Co
600! Ry Steel S Co.
j Do pfd
208,300 Reading-
8.0001 Do 1st pfd
2.000 Do 2d pfd ..
800 Republic S A I.
600 Do pfd
200fRubber Goods ..
Do pfd
600 Ruthiand pfd ..
S 8 8 A I Co pfd]
St J A G I ... I
St JAG I 2d pfd I
20C BtL & SP 1st pfd
400| Do 2d pfd ...
l,600|St L A S W
1,5001 Do pfd
26.100) Southern P*o ..
Do pfd
8,800 Southern Ry •••
10W Do pfd
Standard Otl ...
Standard RAT
Tenn Coal A I.
Texas P L T Oo
600 Texas Pacific ..
Toledo R A T Co
Toledo St L A W
Do pfd
Twin City R T.
Do Pfd
Union Bag A P.
Do pfd ......
83.600 Union Paciflo ..
Do pfd
., ] Do oonv 88 ...
210,8001 United Copper ..
400 United R of S F
800 Do Pfd
Do 4s
8,200 U S Cast Iron P
Do pfd
U S Express ...
3,000iU S Leather ...
8.0001 Do pfd
2.600;U S Rubber
60W Do pfd
43.7001 U S Steel Cor...
127,00o: Do pfd !
2.300| Va-Car Chem Coj
6001 Do Pfd
800 Wabash
100 Do pfd i
Do deb Bs ...
Wells Fargo Ex.|
500 Western Union..
300;Westlnghouse ..
Do 1st pfd ...
WALE ...
Do 1st pfd ...
100 Do 2d pfd ...
300 Wisconsin Cen..
400| Do pfd
11'
00 j
86%| 86
94 93%.
149% ,149%
33% 32%
«7% 66%
jlO7%!l07%
'25" |24%,
'43%j'43* -
55% [ 55%
195 '
k
.....
•••••
91
8? I
37
89
07
.....
44%
78%
'86%
75
115
1107%
140
24%
! 98
84
65
lir,
150
;i43
110
02
37
89
18
1
1
78
I 71%
]
1
i::.h
1 ;
I
n
12
24%
'24*'
88
24'
1100
30
94'
1,045,060 —Total shares sold.
New York Bonds.
U S ret 2s rcg. .104%! Japan 6s, oert 96.%
Do coupon 101%: l & N unified 45.103
Do 3a reg 103%) Man con gold 4a.106%
Do coupon 104HiMex Central 45... 74%
Do new 4s reg. 130%' Do Ist mc 24%
Do coupon 131% iMinn A St L 45.. 98%
Do Old 4s reg. 105% M. X A Texas 4s. 101
Do coupon 105%! Do 2ds B7
Amer Tob 4s. cert 74 NR of Mcx eon 4s 82%
Do 6s. cert 112 IN T C gen 3%5..100
Atch gen 4* 103%!n J C gen 65....186
Do adj 4e 95% Nor Pacific 45....106%
Atlantic C D 45.102 ' Do 3s 77%
Bait & Ohio 45..104%|N0r A W con 4s 102%
Do B%s 95% OS D refdg 45... 97%
Central of Oa ss.ll3v<.|Ph cony 3%s 103%
Do Ist 1nc.... 91%!Rcedlng gon 45...102%
Do 2d Inc 71%1S 7. A I M con 65.117%
Ches A Ohio 4%5.108%|8 L & S F fg 4s. 90%
Chi & Alton 3%R. 83 IBt I, S W con 4s. 81%
C. B A Q new 4s. 101% I Seaboard A I, 4a. 89
C R I A Pao 4e. 83 iSo Pacific 4a 96%
Do col Cs 97%150 Railway 55... 118%
C.C.C A SDgn 4*102 ITex A Pac 15te..120%
Chi Term 4s 96 Tol. St I. A W 4s. 84
Colo Midland 45.. 78 iTJnion Pacific 4A.000
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 20, 1905.
FINANCIAL
rolo & So 4s 92 Do cony 4s 118%
?üba ss. cert 105% U S Steel 2d 55.. 93%
Jen & Rio G 45.1Q1% Wabash lsta 118% i
>lst Securities 5s SOU Do deb B 67% ,
Srie prior lien 4s. 101% I Western -Md 45.. 93 I
Do gen 4s 92 |W & L Erie 45... 94% j
W ft D C lsts.llo (Wis Central 45... 91%
lock Val 4%5...109%| |
New York Mining Stocks.
Vdams Con 20;uttle Chief 05 I
Ulce 60; Ontario 3 75 !
irrece 19 Ophir 6 00 i
Sruns Con 081 Phoenix 08 '
:om Tunnel .... 09|Potosl 17 j
'on Cal St Va... 1 55|8avage 8t
iorn Silver 1 50' Sierra Nevada 38
ron Silver 2 00! Small Hopes 25
>adville Oon 02' Standard 1 50
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |U S Steel 30% j
?all loans 2%®3% Do pfd 93% :
lime loans 8 @4 (Westing- Common. 90
Bands— l Mining—
Vtchison 4s 102% Adventure 7%
Do adj 4s 95 lAlloues 20% !
ilex Central 45.. 76 lAmal Copper .... 74%
Railroad*— lAmer Zlno 12%
Uchlson 87% i Atlantic 16%
Do pfd 100*4 lEingham 32%
Boston & Albany.2s6%!Calumet St Hecla.6Bo i
Boston & # Maine.l73 j Centennial ....... 21 !
Boston Elev 157 Copper Range ... 67%:
Pitchburg pfd 143 IDaly West 16%
Wex Central 2'H4!Dom Coal 60
tf T, N H & H. .201%;Prankltn 11%
Pere Marquette... 90* Granby 5%
Union Pacific 119%|Isle Royale 27
Miscellaneous — |Mass Mining .... 10%
A,mer Arge Chem. 20%IMlohlgan 12%
Do pfd 87%' Mohawk 53%
Amer Pncu Tube. 4%[Mont Coal St Coke 4
Amer Sugar 143%'0M Dominion ... 26%
Do pfd 138 [Osceola 04%
Amer Tel Sk Tel. Parrot 29%
Amer Woolen ... 21 V, iQuincy 115
Do'pfd 94 'Shannon 8%
Dom Iron St 8... 18 I Tamarack 130
Ed Elect Ilium. .253H!Tr!nity 8
Gen Electric 187 lU S Mining 21%
Mass Electric 14 U 9 Oil 10%
Do pfd 59%'Ptah 42%
Mass Gas 88%(Victoria 5V4
United Fruit 106 !Winona 11%
Un Sho* Maott... 68 IWolverlne 108
Do pfd 34 I
London Closing Stocks.
Cons money 88 5-181N T Central 146%
Do acot 88%|Nor St Western... 81%
Anaconda 80%' Do pfd 94
Atchison 80%!Ont & Western... 46%
Do pfd 103 i Pennsylvania 70%
Bait St Ohio 105%, Rand Mines 11
Can Pacific 137%[Reading 45%
Ches & Ohio 50% I Do Ist pfd 47
Chi Great West.. 25%! Do 2d pfd 44
Chi. Mil * St P. 177 iSo Railway 86
De Beers 17%' Do pfd 08%
Den & Rio G 33%'50 Pacific 68%
Do pfd 58%! Union Paelflo 122
Erie 41%' Do pfd 99%
Do Ist pfd 79% IU S Steel 80%
Do 2d pfd 83 i Do pfd 96%
Til Central 160 Wabash 22%
Louis & Nash 144 | Do pfd 44%
M. X * Texas... 34 Spanish 4sj 90%
Bar silver—Quiet: 27 18-16 d per ounce.
Money—l%®2 per cent.
The rate of discount in ths open market for
short bills Is 2 per cent and for three
months' bills 2%<?W 9-16 per cent.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Jan 19 —COTTON—Futures
opened steady. January 6.60 a, February 6.72 c.
March 6.81 c, April 6.85 c bid. May 6.90 c, June
6.95 c bid. July 7.01 c, August 7.04 c, Septem
ber 7.11 c bid.
Futures closed very steady. January 6.780,
February 6.81 c, March 6.86 c. April C.Olo, May
6.95 c, June 6.98 c. July 7.05 c.
Spot cotton closed quiet. Middling uplands,
7.25 c; middling Gulf. 7.50 c. Sales, 404 bales.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW I'ORK, Jan. 19.—FLOUR—Receipts,
18,000 barrels; txports, 32,000 barrels. Quiet,
with prices lower.
WHEAT —Receipts, 23,400 bushels; exports,
86,861 bushels. No. 2 red, nominal elevator
and $1 19% f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 Northern
Duiuth, $1 26% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Manitoba, 81 11% f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened easier on account of commission house
selling and after a brief rally on Western bull
support were again weak, declining rapidly
after midday. The close showed %#l%c net
loss. May. $1 14%®1 15 15-16 closed SI 14%;
July, $] 02%, closed $1 02%.
HIDES—Firm.
Si GAR—Raw, steady; fair refining, 4%c;
96 test, 5%c; molasses sugar, 4%c. Refined,
firm; No. 6, 0.55 C; No. 7, 5.50 c; No. 8. 5.40 c;
No. 9, 5.35 c; No. 10, 6.30 c; No. 11, 6.20 c; No.
12, 5.15 c; No. 13. 5.05 c; No. 14 6.00 c; con
fectioners' A, 6.00 c; cut loaf, 6.85 c; crushed,
6 85c; powdered, 6.25 c; granulated, 6.50 c; cubes,
6.40 c.
COFFEE—The market for coffee futures
closed steady at unchanged prices to a decline
of five points. Total sales were reported of
27 500 bags. Including: February. 7.60 c;
March 7.80 c; May, 8.00®8.05c; July, 8.20 c;
September, 8.40©5.45 c; December, 6.«6®8.80c.
Quiet.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES —The market la
rather leas active than recently reported, but
prices are ateadlly held. Common are quoted
at 4©sc; prime, 5%®5%c; choice, 6%®6c, and
fancy at 6%©7 c.
PRUNES—There la »ome export inquiry
for prunea from the local market, but prices
offered are below holders' views and the situ
ation shows little Improvement. Quotations
range from 2c to 6%c. acording to grade.
APRICOTS—Are firm. It is said that local
stocks could hardly be replaced by shipments
from th* coast on tbe basis of present quota
tions and the market has a firm tone. Choice
are quoted at 10©10% c; extra choice at U©l2c,
and fancy at 12©15 c.
PEACHES —Are in practically the same po
sition as apricots, with choice held at 9%c;
extra choice at 10%®10%c, and fancy at
12®15c. ______
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Jan 19.—The London tin mar
ket was higher, with spot quoted at £131 10s
and futures at £131. Locally the market,
while quiet according to all accounts, showed
a firmer tendency, with spot quoted at $26 Co
©30. •
Copper was also higher in the London mar
ket, with spot quoted at £88 7s 6d and futures
at £68 10s. The local market continues Arm,
with some producers said to be asking prices
that are enough above the quoted rate to be
prohtbltlvs for the time being. Lake Is quoted
at $15 60, electrolytic at $15 87%©16 50 and
ratting at $15015 25.
Lead was quiet but firm at $4 60©4 70 In
the lo< al market and at £12 17s 6d In London.
Spelter was unchanged at £24 17s 6d la
London. The local market shows a slightly
easier tone, with spot quoted at $6 20©6 30.
Iron closed at 54s In Glasgow and at 48s
68 in Mlddlesooro. Locally Iron was un
changed. No. 1 foundry. Northern, Is quoted
at $17 Bo©l 7 96; No. 2 foundry. Northern, at
$17 50; No. 1 foundry, Southrn, and No. 1
foundry. Southern, soft, at $17 75©18.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Jan. 19.— Th* wheat market
opened fairly steady with May unchanged to
%©%c lower at $1 16 to $1 16%@1 16%.
Trading however, lacked animation. While
pit traders generally wer* bearish, a feeling
of uncertainty held them In check and pre
vented any great amount of seeing. The fact
that the big holders were doing nothing In th*
way of marketing their wheat had a tendency
to restrict offerings. News tn general was
favorable to th* bears. Primary receipts
showed a complete reversal of form, to-day's
arrivals being 567,100 bushels, compared with
only 871,300 bushels a year ago. During .the
first part of the session fluctuations In prices
were limited to a very narrow range. The
highest price on May was reached at $1 16V4-
Late in the day a sharp break-occurred and
May sold off to $1 14%. The decline was
primarily due to an announcement by a British
statistician that this week's shipments from
Argentina would approximate 800,000 bushels
as against 216,000 bushels last week. The
break was accompanied by heavy selling. The
market closed weak with May at $1 14%.
Influenced by higher cables and light receipts
the corn market was quite firm early In ths
day, but weakened on heavy selling and the
break In wheat. May closed at 44%©44%e.
Continued light receipt* Imparted a firm
ton* to th* oats market at the start, but later
prices sagged off a trifle In sympathy with the
weakness of wheat. May closed %®%e down
at 30%©310.
Only a very limited volume of business was
transacted in provision*. ■At the close May
pork was off 2%©80 and lard and ribs were
unchanged. ______
Tbe leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 3 —
May 1 18% 1 18% 1 14% 1 14%
July 98% 98 98%
Corn No. 2—
January 42%
May *8% «% 44% 44%
July *B% 46? 46$
i Oats No. 2—
January 90% 30% 80% 80%
May 31% 31% 80% 81
! July 81% 81% 81 31%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January 12 87%
May 18 88% 12 66 12 62% 12 65
Lard per 100 lbs—
January 8 62% 665 6 62% 666
May 6 82% 686 8 82% 686
July 695 8 97% 698 6 97%
Short Rib*, per 100 lbs—
j u iv 6 82% 6 82% 680 6 82%
January ■■ 6 42%
May 6 62% 670 6 87% 670
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Jan. 19.—Cash quotations wan
ias follows: Flour, easy; No. 2 spring wheat,
$1 12*U 15: No. 3, 81 0201 14; No. 2 red.
$1 16%©1 19%; No. 2 corn. 42% c; No. 2 yel
low-. 43c; No. 2 oats, 30% c; No. 2 white, 82c;
No. 3 white, 31034 c; No. 2 rye, 78c; good
feeding barley, 37088 c; fafr to choice malting,
43048 c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 15; No. 1 North
western, $1 12V-; mess pork, per bbl, 812 40©
12 45; lard per 100 lbs, $6 12%; short ribs
sides (loose), ?0 25®8 50; short clear sides
(boxed). $6 5006 62%; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 23; clover, contract grade, $13.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23,100 25,000
Wheat, bushels <• 63.000 66.800
Corn, bushels 275.900 120,500
Oats, bushels 66,600 102,200
Rye bushels 1.000 3,000
Barley, bushels 61,900 19,400
Butter, Cheese and Eggs. .
CHICAGO, Jan. 19.—0n the Produoo Ex
change to-day the butter market waa easy;
creameries, 19030 c; dairy. 18%©24 c; eggs,
weak at mark, 22®23c; cheese, firm, 11012 c. j
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKETS.
Chicago.
CHICAGO. Jan. 19.—CATTLE—Receipts,
17,000; steady to slow; good to prime steers,
$5 750 6 25; poor to medium, S3 75©6 60;
stcckers and feeders. 82 2504 36; cows, $1 25©
4 60- heifers, $2£ir> 25: canners, $1 25©2 45;
bulls', $2 100-4 10; calves, $307.
HOGS—Receipts, 35.000; to-morrow, 28,000;
market steady; mixed and butchers, $4 40©
4 65; good to choice heavy $4 65©4 70; rough
heavy $4 4004 55; light, $4 350 4 60; bulk Of
sales, '$4 450 4 60. _
SHEEP—Receipts. 20,000; market steady;
■nod to choice wethers, $5 0505 60; fair to!
choice mixed, $405; Western sheep, $4 35©
5 60- native lambs. $5 750 7 75; Western
lambs, $5 750 7 75.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY Jan. 19.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 7000; market slow to steady; native
steers $3 5006 75; native cows and hellers.
$1 7504 50; stockers and feeders, $304 25;
bulls $2 2504 calves. $3®6 50; Western fed
steers $3 &f 05 25; Western fed cows. $2@3 50.
HOGS—Receipts, 13.000; market strong;
bulk, $4 6004 80; heavy, $4 7504 85; packers,
$4 050 4 80: pigs and lights, $4©4 70.
SHEEP —Receipts, 3000: market steady.
muttons $4 25't»5 75: lambs. $607 60; rang*
wethers," $5 5006 60; fed ewes. $406 10.
Omaha.
OMAHA, Jan. 19.—CATTLE—Receipts,
3200 steady native steers, $3 5006 66; 00we
\ and 'heifers, $2 500 4 25; canners. $1 5092 50:
stockers and feeders, $2 5004; calves, $2 500
3 50; bulls and stags, $1 8003 40.
HOGS— Receipts, 9600; steady; heavy, $4 50©
4 65; mixed. $4 5004 55; light. $4 26®4 55;
pigs $3 750 4 25; bulk of sales, $4 50©4 57%.
SHEEP —Receipts, 7200; market strong.
Western yearlings. $5 500 6 26; wethers, $5©
5 50; ewes. $4 250 5 26; lambs. $6 4007 40.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.'
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat Masch. May. July.
Openl-ig 700 6 10% 6 10%
Closing 7 00% 6 UVS 6 ll£
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan- May ; A " ar -
Opening 23 w 24 70
closing *3 60 24 60
oSnT g H fi _
Closing .61 10 32 28
St. Louis Wool Market. .
ST LOUIS, Jan. 19.—W00l nominal; Terrl
i tory and Western mediums, 21©220; fine,
. medium. 17013 c; fine. 160170.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Jan. 19.—The wool sales were to
! have been held again to-day, but were post
! poned on account of fog.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Jan. 19.—WHEAT —Walla
Walla, 83c; bluestem, 88c: valley, 87c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 19.—WHEAT—Unchanged;
bluestem, 90c; club, S6O.
Northern Business.
I SEATTLE. Jan. 19.—Clfearlngs. $649,0*8;
'| bl M 08.658; bal
an pORTLAND Jan. 19. -Clearings, $621,202;
ba'anccs, $122,686. ~.,J , C .
SPOKANE Jan. 19.—Clearings. $472,445,
balances, $83,988. f
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, six'y days. .$4 53%04 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight ...... 4 87%© —
Sterling Exchange, cables..... 488 04 S»
, New York Exchange, sight .... 05 © 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic yJvflE
Silver, per ounce 60%© —
Mexican Dollar *8 © *»
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris 6.15
New York on Mexico miftm
Paris on London £*•.-*
Berlin on London W.iZft
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT—The foreign markets were fea
tureless and there was no Important news
from abroad. Chicago was l%c lower.
In the local market futures were lower,
with considerable activity in May. but the
cash grain was steady and unchanged.
cash Wheat.
California Club. 61 5001 52%: California
White Australian. $1 62>m01 65; Northern
Club $1 82%©1 55; Northern Bluestem,
$1 65@1 66%; Northern Red. $1 47% per oil.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 40% $1 46% $1 46 $1 48
December—No sales; $1 30% bid, $1 30% asked.
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close,
May $1 46% $1 46% $1 46% $1 46%
December—No sales; $1 30% bid, $1 31% asked.
BARLEY—There was no further news re
garding the reported Oriental orders yester
day and the market was quiet all around at
unchanged prices.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 1501 18%; Brewing and Shipping,
$1 20@1 22%; Chevalier. $1 2001 26 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:80 a. m.
May—sl 16%.
December—No sale*; 97% c asked.
2 p. m. Session.
May—sl IT.
December—96%o bid, 87 %o asked.
OATS —There Is no further change in this
market, whloh rule* very firm, with light sup
plies a steady local consumptive demand and
large possiblliUes in the way of Oriental ex
ports as mentioned yesterday.
White $i 45®1 57%; Surprise. $1 6601 60;
Red for feed. $1 4501 60 for No. 1 and
$1 4001 42% for No. 2; choice, for seed,
$1 5001 56; Black, $1 3501 45 for feed and
$1 6001 65 for seed; Eastern White. $1 42%©
1 45 per otl.
CORN—The market Is kept w*H supplied
with Imports from the Western States, and It
Is fortunate, for without them there would be
very short commons her*, as there Is no State
product coming in worth mentioning.
Western sacked. $1 27%©1 '30 for New Yel
low and White and $1 22%®1 25 for Mixed;
California large Yellow. $1 30©1 36; smaH
round do. $1 650 1 80; White, $1 26@1 30;
Egyptian. $1 35® 1 37% for White and $1 17%
©1 20 for Brown. .
RYE—sl 42%®1 47% per otl.
BUCKWHEAT—SI 7501 83 per ett.
Flour and Farinaceous Goods.
FLOUR—California Family Extras, $4 80©
8 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70©5;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $404 60
per bbl.
FARINACEOUS GOODS—Prices In packages
are as follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100
lbs • Rye Flour. $3 75 (In barrels $4 75); Rye
Meal. $3 50 (in barrel! $4 50); Rice Flour,
$8; Corn Meal. $2 50; extra cream do, $3 75;
Oat Meal 84 250 4 50; Oat Groats, $4 50;
Hominy '$3 75©4; Buckwheat Flour, 84 50©
4 75- Cracked Wheat. 84; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour $3 75: Rolled Oats. bbls. $6 50©
7 50; In sacks. $607; Pearl Barley, $6;
i Split Peas, boxes. $» 50; Green Peas. $5 60 per
100 lbs. _
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Hay dealers are again reporting a dull and
I weak market, with the rains and green feed
cutting off all speculative demand. Bran is
steadier, as receipts of late have been lighter.
; BRAN—$2O©2l 50 per ton.
I MIDDLINGB—S2SO2B per ton.
SHORTS —$20021 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS —Rolled Barley. $24 60025 60
: per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 su©
32 50; jobbing $33; Cocoanut Cake, $23024;
Cocoanut Meal, $24025; Corn Meal, 831 60©
82; Cracked Corn. 832@32 60; Mixed Feed. $22
023; Horse Beans. $30040 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY—Wheat. $10©1B; Wheat and Oat,
$10014; Oat, $9012 50; Barley and Oat, $8©
i 10; Volunteer Wild Oat, $7010; stable, $9©10;
i stock, $6©7 59; Clover. 87010; Alfalfa, 89012
j per ton. ' m ,
STRAW —35060 c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Lima Beans are very weak down south and
this market sympathizes. The other Bean*
contliue dull, except Whites, which as al
' read-, mentioned, are scarce and in demand.
i BEANS—Bayos 82 75@3; Pea 83 2503 50;
xlutter $303 25; small Whits, $3 25®3 40;
large White, $2 4502 66; Pink. $3 4003 00;
I Red. $4 7 6©5: Lima. $4 0504 10; Red Kidneys.
$4 2504 "SO; Blackeyes, $2 5002 60 per ctl;
1 Horse Beans. $1 8502 40.
SEEDS —Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 3V»@3%c; Flax. $202 75; Canary,
6%c; Alfalfa, 12%©13 c; Rape, 1%@2%c;
Timothy L 5%c; Hemp. 3%03%c per lb: Mil
let. 2%©3% c; Broom Corn Seed. $20021 per
ton.
DRIED PEAS—Nile*. $1 78482 69; Green
Peas. $1 7502 60 per ctl.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were moderate and the ■
best lots of Salinas and Oregon Burbanks con- (
tinued to find ready sale at steady prices.
There was less activity in river kinds, and. ,
although prices were no lower, the market had
a weaker tone, with plenty of old stock avail- j
able. Old and trashy offerings of Sweets have |
disappeared and good cellar stock is firmer in .
consequence. One carload was marketed yes- ;
terday and cleaned up quickly at improved .
prices. Onions ruled firm at the previously : |
quoted rates.
Changes In southern vegetables were slight. ,
Choice Green Peas were firm at the top quo- (
tation. while rain-damaged lots were slow of (
sale at irregular prices. Offerings of Beans,
both green and Wax, were mostly poor and ;
only the best stock was wanted. Summer < .
Squash and Egg Plant were in Increased sup- i
ply and lower. Mushrooms were abundant i .
and weak at sharply reduced prices.
POTATOES—Burbankf. from the river. 75© i ■
860 per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 1501 45 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks. $1 2001 30 per ctl; U
River Reds. 50060 c per ctl; Early Rose, $1 80 ,
01 45 per ctl; Garnet Chiles, $1 4001 50 per ,
ctl; Sweet Potatoes. 9OcOSI 25 per ctl.
ONIONS—S2 250-2 60 per ctl.
VEGETABLES —Green J?eae. 2%®6c per lb;
String Beans, 8(31 Oc per ib; Wax Beans. 49
7e; Tomatoes $1 2501 65 per box or crate;
Summer Squash $1 per box; Hothouse
Cucumbers $1 75 per dozen; Cabbage, 50®
60c per ctl; Carrots 30040 c per sack; Garlic, j
0010 c per lb; Egg Plant. 7®Bc per lb; Dried .
Peppers, 10©12% c for sun-dried and 13014 c ,
per lb for evaporated; Green Peppers, 608 c
per lb; Mushroom*. 6010 c per lb; Marrowfat
and Hubbard Squash, $9#lw per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Previous conditions prevailed in Poultry. Re- j
oelpts were light and live Chickens, Ducks and
Geese continued to sell off well at steady
prices. There was very little call for Turkeys,
either live or dressed. Twenty-four caass of 1
the latter came in. Game was unchanged and ,
the receipts Included much thin stock, which
■Old slowly. _
POULTRY—Dressed Turkeys. 20024 c per lb; \
Live Turkeys, 180200 per lb; Geese, per pair,
$2@2 50; Goslings. ; Ducks, $506 per |
dozen for old and $607 for young; Hens, $4 50
©5 50 for small and $5 600 650 for large;
young Roosters, $607; old Roosters, $4 5005; :
Fryers $4 6005 50; Broilers, $304; Pigeons, !
$101 25; Squabs $202 50.
GAME—Mallard Ducks. $2 5003 per dozen; :
Canvasback. $2 5003; Teal. $1 50; Sprig,
$1 7602 25; Gray Ducks. $2; Widgeon. $10
1 25; Red Heads $2; Black Jacks. $1 25;
small Ducks, $1; Gray Geese, $3; White Geese.
r6cosl 25; Brant. $2; for large and $1 for
small; Honkers. $304 50; Snipe. $•'* tor Eng
lish and $1 50 for common: Hare, $2; Rabbits, ;
$2 50 for Cottontails and $1 50 for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The markets continued quiet yesterday and |
variations were %ltght. Fine creamery Butter
was held firmly up to 26c, and stocks continued
light. Cheese remained as before quoted. Eggs
moved off very well, as the publlo consump- 1
tion has been increased by the recent decline. 1
Receipts were 24,800 lbs Butter, 531 cases
Eggs and 17,200 lbs Cheese. v
BUTTER —Creamery at first hands, 25c for
extras and 22024 c for lower to medium grades;
dairy, 10023 c; cold storage, nominal; store
Butter. 13015 c; Eastern cube*, nominal; East
ern ladle-packed, 15016 c.
CHEESE—IOOIIc for fair to choice mild
new and 10c for old; Young Americas, 11012 c;
Eastern, 13©15 c per lb.
EGGS —Ranch, 25®27%e for good to choice
and 24c for common; store Eggs. 24025 c; cold :
storage, nominal; Eastern. 22©23 c per dosen. J
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The feature of the market for fresh fruit* !
was the arrival of half a chest of Raspberries ,
from Watsonvllle. The berries, which were
grown in tho open air, arrived late on Wednes
day and were of unusually good quality. The
ten drawers comprising the half chest were
readily disposed of at $2 60 per drawer, or $50
peg chest. The market for Citrus fruits was
devoid of feature. Standard Navels, Tan- >
gerines and Mexican Limes were in good re
quest but otherwise the market waa dull. Four
cars of Navels will be auctioned to-day. There
were no new arrivals of Apples and the choice
and fancy grades were quoted higher. Trade
was less active than previously, as the ad- '
vance checked the demand somewhat, but the
market still had a firm tone.
APPLES —$1 5001 75 per box for fancy,
$1 1501 50 for choice and 85c0$l for common;
Lady Apples. $101 60 per box.
CITRUS FRt'lTS —Oranges. Navels. $1 r,O<T?2
per box for fancy and $101 60 for standard
and choice; Seedlings. 75c051; Tangerines, >
$1- Japanese Mandarins, 75c; Lemons,.
$20 2 50 for fancy, $1 2501 73 for choice and
AKgl 26 for standards; Grape Fruit, $1 5002;
•Mexican Limes. $4 5005 per case; Bananas,
$203 per bunch'for Central American and $102
for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $1 5002 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts. Baisins, Honey.
FRUITS —Apricots. Sollc for Royals and 11
©12% c for Moorparks; Nectarines. 0%®8%c 1
for White and 6%©7% c for Red; Peaches. 7%®
9%c per lb; Pears. 7012 c; Plums, pitted. 40
5c for black. 5%07c for red and 4%©6 c ;
for yellow; Figs. 2-crown bricks, 45c; 3-crown,
60c- 4-crown. 60c; 6-crown. 66c; bulk white,
2*;o3c; black. 2%06%c; Evaporated Apples.
406 c per lb. ,
PRUNES —1%01%c per Ib for the four sizes
and 2%c basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS —1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno —Imps- ,
rial clusters $2 2502 50; Dehesa, $1 3001 35;
London Layers. 85c0$l; Loose Muscatels. 4- |
crown 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown, 303% c;
Seeded 4%®6c; Thompson's Seedless, 4%©
4%c- Seedless Sultanas, 305 c per lb.
NUTS —Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 12013 c; No.
2 10011 - No. 1 hardshell, 12c; No. 2. 10c;
Almonds, 16017 c for Nonpariels. 14014% c for
I X L 13%014%c for Ne Plus Ultra and 110
for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern;
Pecans 11013 c; Cocoanuts. $4 6005; Cheat
nuts 709 c per lb for Italian.
HONEY —Comb, 11%® 13c for white and 100
11c for amber; water white extracted. 5%0
o%c; light amber extracted. 505% c; dark. 30
4^BEESWAX— 27O29c per lb.
Provisions.
The market rune along day after day in a
monotonous fashion, with no price variations
of importance.
CURED MEATS—Baoon, 10% c per lb for
heavy 10% c for light medium, 13c for light;
14c for extra light and 14% c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides, 10c; Bellies. 11c; Eastern su
gar-cured Hams, 12 to 14 lbs. 12% c; 15 to 16
lbs 12c; 17 to 20 lbs, ll%c; California
Hams ll%c; Mess Beef, $10010 50 per bbl;
extra' Mess $10 60011; Family, $12012 50;
Srlme Mess Pork, $14 50: extra clear. $22;
less $16 50: Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet, $5;
Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD—Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure. 9%c; 10
--lb tins 9%c; 5-lb tins, 9%c; 3-lb tins, 10c.
COTTOLENE —One hair barrel, B%c; three
half barrels B%e; one tierce. B%c; two Heroes.
B%c; five tierces, B%c per lb.
Hides. Tallow, Wool and Hops.
These goods show no further change, every- I
thing exoept Hides being dull.
HIDES AND SKINS—CuIIs and brands sell
1 about %©lo under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 12c; medlusjp. 11c; light. 10% c; Cow
Hides 10% c for Beavy and 10c for light;
Stags' 8c; Salted Kip, 11c; Salted Veal. ll%c; I
Salted Calf, 12% c; dry Hides. 18c; dry Kip,
1 16c- dry Calf 220; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25©
40c each; short Wool. 60075 c each; medium,
' 90e©$l 10; long Wool, $1 1601 75; Hors*
1 Hides salt $3 for large and $2 60 for mo- •
1 dlum '$1 6002 for small and 60c for Colts;
i Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 250
i 1 50 for medium, $1 for small 60c for Colt*. .
i Buck Skins —Dry Mexican. 30c; dry saited
Mexican, 26c: dry Central American, 30c;
: Goat Skin*—Prime Angoras, 76c; extra large
Ido $1 25; large, 50c; medium. 36c; small. 20c.
TALI-OW—No. 1 rendered, 4©4% c per lb;
No 2 3©3% c; Grease, 2@2%0.
WOOL —Nominal; none here.
HOPS —1904 crop, 27080 c per lb; 1906 crop,
17%©18 c bid. _______
Meat Market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rats* from slaughterers, to dealer*
are a* follows:
BEEF—6©7o for Steers and 4%©6 c par lb
for Cows.
VEAL—Largs. 6%08c; small. B©9%c per lb.
MUTTON—Wethers, 7@Bc : Ewes, 6%©7% c
per lb.
LAMB—9OIOc per lb for Yearlings and 160
for Spring.
PORK—Dressed Hogs. 6%08%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Franclseo, less 40©
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE —Steers. 7%©7% c; Cows and Heif
ers. 5%©6% c; thin Cows, 405 c per lb.
CALVES —404 %c per lb (gross weIghO
SHEEP —Wethers, 8%©8% c; Ewes, 303%0
per lb (gross weight).
! LAMBS—S2 6002 75 per head.
HOGS —Live Hogs. 200 to 260 lbs. 4%©4%0;
i 180 to 200 lbs. 6©5% c; 80 to 130 lbs. 4%04%c;
I soft Hogs, not wanted; Sows, 20 per cent off;
i Boars, 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent
i off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS —Grain Bags, 5%0 spot and 6c for
Juno and July; Ban Quentin, 6%0; Wool Bags,
j 80032 c; Fleece Twin*, 7%0.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle, $6 60; Bryant, $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $6 50; Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay, $5 50;
Richmond. $8; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
i $14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14- Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13- Welsh Lump.
I $11 50: Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke. $11 50013 per
ton In bulk and $15 In 3acks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $8 50 per short ton.
OlLS—Quotation* are for barsels; for case*
add 5c- Linseed, 65c per gallon for boiled and
53c for' raw; Castor Oil. in cases. NY 1 70c;
Bakers' AA cases, $1 10©1 12; Lucol, 50c for
bolted and 48c for raw; China Nut. cases. 65©
80c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, in barrels. 58c
for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra,
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural win
ter Sperm Oil 68c; extra bleached winter
Whale Oil, 57e; natural Whale Oil, 62c; extra
winter strained Lard OH, 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil,
65c- pure Neatsfoot Oil, 78c; No. 1 Neatsfoot
Oil," 68c; light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring
OH 40c; Salmon Oil. 84c; boiled Fish Oil, 37c;
raw Fish OH 36c; boiled Paint Oil. 38c; raw
Paint Oil. 31c
COAL OIL, GASOLINE. ETC—Water White
! Coal Oil in hulk. 12% c; Peart OIL In cans*,
19c; Astral 19c; Star, 19c; Extra Star. 23c;
Elaine. 25% c; Eocene. 21c: Deodorized Stove j
Gasoline, in bulk. l«ci in cases, 22% c; Motor j
Gasoline, in bulk. 16c; in cases. 22% c; No. 1
Engine Distillate, Iron bbls or drums, 8c; No.
2 do, G%c; cases 6%c more; Benzine, in bulk,
13c; in cases. i9%c: 86-degree Gasoline, in
bulk, 2Bc; in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE —78c per gallon In cases and !
72c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD—Red Lead, 7%<9
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7%®7%c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR —Beet Granulated Is .10c lower, j
The Western Sugar Refining Company !
quotes as follows, per lb. in 100 lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.25 c;
Powdered, 6.10 c; Candy Granulated, 6.10 c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 6c: Dry Granulated, coarse,
6c: Fruit Granulated. 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 5.80 c; Confectioners' A. 6c;
Magnolia A 6.60 c; Extra C. 5.50 c; Golden C,
5 40c:,"D."' 6.30 c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrel!, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Table's—Half barrels.
8 50c; boxes. 8.75 c; H. * E. Crystal Domlnos.
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev- I
enty-five barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. JANUARY 19.
Flour qr aks... 6.69S!Hay. tons 816
Wheat, ctls 69.922jStraw, tons 18 j
Barley ctls B.2B'l[Wool, bales 60
Corn ctls 7i > 5 Hops. bales 47 ,
Tallow ctls 220' Leather, roll* ... 42 |
Sugar, ctls 1.140 Hides. No 457
Beans, sks 8211 Pelts, bdls ...... 678
Potatoes, sks ... 6,422!L1me, bbls 2.3
Middlings sks .. 550 : Paper, rolls .... 1.270
Screenings, sks.. lOOißrandy. gals 2,350
Feed, sks 618|Wlne, gals 60,250
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks ... 6931
EASTERN.
Wheat, ctls 600|Corn, ctls 600 ,
STOCK MARKET.
Plenty of Buying Orders on the Stock '
and Bond Exchange.
There waa no falling off in business on the
Bond Exchange yesterday. All the brokers
seemed to have plenty of buying orders and j
the bidding for both stocks and bonds was
lively In both sessions. As usual when buy
ing orders are plentiful the feeling was firm
al! along the line. Ths upward tendency in
the sugars wss not unanimous and several i
hesitated, but per contra several touched still
higher prices. This was notably the case with
Hawaiian Commercial, which advanced to 885,
against 888 as Wednesday's quotation. Hon
okaa sold us to 828 25. Paauhau to 836 75
and Honolulu! to 837. The other sugars were
sensitive, but fairly steady. Transactions In
Paauhau were very large, aggregating 2468
shares at $26@25 76, against 825 as the best
price of the preceding day. The total sales
of sugars were 5180 shares, against 2615 on
Wednesday. The sugar bonds were also Arm
and Hawaiian Commercial 5s sold up to
8106 50.
The miscellaneous stocks were also firm,
Alaska Packers advancing still further to
691, while Gas and Electric rose from 861 12%
to 853 25. Bank of California fell back a
point to 8445.
There was nothing especially interesting in
the mining stocks and the oil stocks worn
quiet as usual.
H. H. Taylor has been elected president of
the Alaska-Mexican and Alaska-TreadweU
| Gold Mining companies, to succeed the lata
- William Alvord.
The Northern California Power Company
i has declared the regular monthly dividend ot
:5c per Bhare, payable January 25.
The Pacific Coast Casualty Company haa
declared its flrst quarterly dividend of 1% per
cent on -the capital stock of 8200,000, being
;at the rate of 9 per cent per annum, payable
January 20.
The Alaska Packers' Association will pay a
regular monthly dividend of 75c per share
: January 28.
At the regular annual meeting of the stock
holders of the Central Trust Company the old
i directors and officers were re-elected. The
net profits of the year amounted to $122.
--295 52. out of which regular dividends at ths
i rate of 6 per cent per annum were paid. Th*
' balante. 847,295 62, was carried forward to
pr< -fit and loss.
The Calumet and Arizona Mining Company
paid a regular dividend of 61 50 per'share and
an extra dividend of 60c per share yesterday.
' The Arllne Oil assessment No. 2 of lc per
6hare. levied December 24, will become de
linquent February 3.
At the Home OH Company's annual meeting
of stockholders, January 16, the officers and
directors were re-elected as follows: J. H.
Mallett Jr.. president; F. P. Cutting, vice
president: J. C. Angsbury, A. D. King, Henry
Rcsenfeld, director*. Secretary R. T. Staley
was also re-elected. The production of the
1 company has fallen off to 160 barrels dally.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
THURSDAY. Jan. 19—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
4s qr c0up..106%106 14* qr cp new.130%131%
4s qr reg.. .105*4106 |ls qr c0up...104%106
i MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 6s. — — iO G LAH 55.108 —
Asso Oil ss. 86% — IO W gtd ss. — —
Bay CPC 55.103% — !Oceanic S 6s. — 70
Cal C G 55.104Mf105i.. Om Cable 6s. 121% —
; Cal GA B g jPac Glm 4„. — 98
m A et ss. 84% 85 IP B Ry 55..106% —
Cal-st C 55.112 — IP AC H 65.103% —
C C Wat ss. — 100 IP AO R 65.113 —
EdL A P 65.124 126 I Powell-st 6e. — 114%
FA C H 6s. — — |Sac BGARS*. — 102%
Geary-st 55.. — 90 |SF _ 5JY55.120% —
H CAS 6%5.106 — ISlerra R 6s. — —
Do 5e ...106% — IS P of A 6s
Hon R T 65.106 — I (1909) — —
L A Blec ss. — — ! (1910) 108% —
LAG AElss — — 8 P of O 6«
L \Rv 5«.. — — (1905)Br A.lOl 101%
: LAL gtd 6s. — 106%! (1905)5r B. — 103%
LAP lem 55.101 — I (1906) 104t4105%
Mkt-st C 6*113 — I (1912) 114%115
Do Icm 65.116% — SPC 1 eg ss. — —
MVA MtTss. — 108 i Do stampd.:fW% —
NTfR of C6s.lfW% — IS P B R B*. 135 —
Do 5s ....120 — IS V Wat 68.105*1 —
N P C R 5e.104% — j Do 4s 2dm.100% —
NC Ry 65.. — — [ Do 4s 3dm. 90U100
N C P C ss. — in 2%» Do g mtg4s 97% 99
NBR RBe 90%100%'Stkn OABfts. 98 —
CV»k TCo 65.11R% — |U OA E s*. — —
Do 5s llinj — IUR Of SF 4s. 87% —
Do con 55.104% — I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 36 89 (Port Costa... — —
Marin" C 0.... — 50%'S V Wat Co. 88% 88%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3% 3%!S F G A B. 58% —
Mutual EL.— 10%|Stkn GAE. — 6%
Pac L C 0... — 88*5 !U GA E Co. — —
INSURANCE
Flrem'« Fnd. — 340 !
BANE STOCKS.
:Am Ntl 8k..129. 132%! LP A A... .188 —
Anglo-Cal ..88 92 iMer Trust.... — 240
Bank of Ca!.445 450 IMerch Ex.... 60 —
Cal Safe Dp.152 — 8 F National — —
Fret Natlonl.3ls 350 I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L.2380 — ISav A L 80.. — 100
Hum SAL.— — Sec Bay Bk.. — 410
Mutual Bay. 100 — Union T C 0.2700 8300
8 F Say U. 610 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California . .200 — [Presidio — 61
Geary — 80 |
POWDER.
Giant 68M, Vlgorlt 8 4%
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 84% 87' Makaw*l| CB7 87%
Honokaa S C 23% 24 iOnomea 9 C 36% —
Hutch SPC 17% — Paauhau S C 25% 26
, Kilauea S C. 5% 6 I
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA. 90 91 lOceanic S Co. 6 6%
Cal F C A. 98% 99%!pa0 Aux FA. 4 —
Cal Wine A. 80 82%lPac C 80rx.187 —
MVA MtTm — 100 iPao S Tel C 0.106 107%
BALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
15 Alaska Packers' Association... 91 09
155 Bank of California 445 00
70 Hawaiian Comi A Sugar 83 25
10 Hawaiian Com! A Sugar 83 50
10 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar, b 5.. 83 25
300 Honokaa S Co 23 00
856 Hutchinson S P Co 18 00
100 Hutch tnson S P Co 18 12%
100 Hutchinson 8 P Co. oasb 18 00
130 Makawell 87 50
60 Oceanic BSOo 5 25
50 Onomea Bugar Co 36 59
100 Onomea Sugar Co, • 10 86 75
100 Onomea Sugar Co 86 87%
50 Onomea Sugar Co. ■ 10 36 87%
800 Onomea Sugar 00. • 10 37 00
IQO Onomea Sugar Co 37 00
275 Paauhau 8 P Co 25 00
100 Paauhau S P Co, b 80 25 25
830 Paauhau S P Co 25 25
700 Paauhau 8 P Co 25 37%
6 Spring Valley Water Co. cash. 38 25
61.000 Omnibus Cable 6 per cent 121 50
87.000 Pacific Electric Ry 5s 106 28
85,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 62%
835,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5* 105 60
$10,000 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 5a 106 50
Street—
$5,000 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 8* 196 60
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 91 00
75 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 85 00
100 Honokaa S Co 23 25
100 Hutchinson S P Co 18 12%
100 Htuchlnson 8 P Co IS 00
60 Makawell 87 37%
50 Oceanic S B Co 5 25
10 Oceanic 8 S Co 5 50
100 Onomea Bugar Co t 87 25
> 100 Onomea Sugar Co. s 10 37 25
i 200 Onomea Bugar Co. • 10 37 00
100. Onomea Bugar Co. • 10 86 87%
50 Paauhau S P Co 26 50
60 Paauhau S P Co 26 62%
950 Paauhau 8 P CO 25 75
50 8 F Gas A Electric 53 25
25 Spring Valley Water Co 88 26
$2,000 Cal Gas A El G M A C T 55.. 84 50
$1,000 Cal Gas A El G M A C T 5*.. 8475
$5,000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge) 100 25
$9,000 United R R of 8 F 4 per cent. 87 76
» Street — •
810,000 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 55....106 89
AUCTION SALES
fe» ?ft
50 HEAD OF HORSES.
Saddle and drivers: some matched teams.
SMITH'S SALEYARD. Haywards ave.. Saa
Leandro. Sale commences at 11 a. m.. Satur
day. January 21, rain or shine. J. N. BARRT,
Auctioneer.
AUCTION
Jfeoj
RETIRING FROM BUSINESS.
Fifty head of all-purpose HORSES and M
head of all-purpose MULES; also one four
year-old Pinto Shetland pony belonging- to
Hunter Bros., liverymen and contractors; also
I hack, 10 rubber-tire buggies, 3 surreys, 1 3
seater and 30 sets of light and heavy harness.
Sale fake» place SATURDAY, January 21, l»u0,
II a. m.. Nineteenth st. and Broadway, Oak -
land.
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.) Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC Os.100 — |8 P Co 4%s. 10034 —
B L Wat 6s. — 114%iSun Tel 6s. ..110 —
Cal NW 5s.. — 114 i Do 5s ._..106% —
M C Wat 5s. — 114 ISuttr-st R5-.104 —
SF Drdk 5s. 112 — 1
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 26 INev Nat Rk 215 —
Amer Bis Co— 00 |N 8 R R Co. — 12*4
Cal Cot Mils 80 — IN Cal P Co. 9 9%
Cal Powder..ISO 145 lOok Bk Sa.v.126 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 lOak T Com.. 75 —
Cal T I * T — 155 IIOOF Hall A 6% —
Cen Bk. Oak 86 — jOrpheum Co. — 19%
Chutes Co .. 5 6 PacC Cas Co. 125 —
City 4k C Bk — 120 iPac Sur Co. .105 —-
Cyp L Imp.. — 6%!Paraf Paint.. 44 —
DptPwd pfd. — 80 IS F Drydock — 65
Do com ... 80 — ISF&SJ Coal. 17*4 20
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — |S J Wat Co. 103*4 —
Flecher Thtr — 1*4 SO * MTgbt.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.106 110 Swiss-A Bk..l20 —
Hono P Co.. 87 40 Truck Elect.. 12 lStf
Do pool .. 34*4 — Union S Co.. — 80
LonaV. SF Bk 67*4 — UR InC pfd. 66H ■—
Mat Nay Co. 70 — Do com ... 17 •—
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
109 United Ry Inv Co pM 99 99
Afternoon Session.
Board —
109 Honolulu Plantation Co 89 49
Street—
109 TJtalted Ry In- Oo pftt _ 67 98
California Stock and Oil Exchange
on stocks—- Bid. Asked,
Apollo ....... 30 m_I
Caribou *».. 7 86 9 79
Central Point Cob 70 ...<
Chicago Crude 84
Claremont 89
Home _ «. 48 98
Imperial 14 60 19 00
Independence 28 89
Junction ■ 80 ....
Kern — 6 09 T 98
Kern (new)
| Kern River ,. 89 89
Monte Crlsto .............. 82% 88
Occidental of W. Va....... 06 07
Oil Cltv Petroleum 70
Peerless 80 60 89 59
Sterling 08 ....
< Superior 08 • .«.
Thirty-Throe 6 00 ....
Toltee 25 ....
Miscellaneous—
! Associated Oil Co Bonds... 87 09
Northern Cal. Power 9 78
SALES.
Morning 8 as slot-
Board—
1,820 Associated Stock 89
600 Oil Cltv Petroleum 69
Afternoon Session.
Board —
36 Kern River H 09
10.000 Associated ~ «_
45 Associated 30
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following ware the sales on the Ban Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning; Session —Comstoeks,
200 Andes 10! 200 Ophlr 6 28
500 Belcher 20 100 Overman* M
; 100 Best & Belch.1 10! 200 Potosl 18
! 100 Exchequer ... 88 200 Savage 38
I 400 Justice 18' 100 Sierra Nev 48
200 Justice 101 200 Silver Hill «8
200 Hale 4 Norc.l 60|1100 Union Con.... 68
400 Mexican 2 10|
Afternoon Session— Comstocka.
100 Andes til 100 Justice IT
400 Andes 22i 500 Mexican 2 18
200 Best A Belch.1 10| 50 Ophir 6 60
600 Bullion 88 400 Scorpion 20
100 Con Cal A V.l 051 300 Sierra Nov 45
100 Confidence ... 04 100 Union Coa 65
500 Exchequer ... 281 100 Utah SO
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 16 17! Julia. 04 08
Alta 08 06| Justice- 17 19
Andes 21 22 Kentuck 09 09
Belcher 20 21; Lady Wash ..02 04
Beet & Belch.1 10 1 15 Mexican 2 15 2 20
Bullion 23 24|Occldental ... 80 00
Caledonia .... 40 42:Ophfr 6 87% 6 80
i Challenge ... 22 23|Overman 28 24
Chollar 29 30!Potosl 14 15
Confidence ... 90 OSISavage 89 40
Con Cal & V.l 70 1 75| Scorpion 10 89
Con Imperial. 01 02tSeg Belcher... 08 07
Con NT 04 05|81erra Nev.... 40 4T
Crown Point.. 18 17|Sllver Hill.... 68 69
E. Sierra Nev 06 — IS*. Louis .... 10 —
Eureka Con.. — BOlSyndloate .... — 18
Exchequer ... 62 64iUnlon Con 68 69
; Gould & Cur. 28 28|Utah 80 21
Hale & Norc.1 46 1 501 Yellow Jacket. 28 24
TONOPAH AND GOLDFTELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
3000 Black Butte.. 23| 100 Mont Ton ...8 08
1500 Bullfrog Mln. 6811600 North Star .. 89
500 Bullfrog Mln. 69! 600 Orig Bullfrog. 25
1000 Bullfrog Mln. 70H600 Rescue » 0?
200 Cent. Eureka 1 8011800 Sandstorm ..j 84
1000 Dixie Min ... 8611000 Sylvaala 29
100 Dixie Mln ... 2612800 Ton Midway.. 89
1000 Diamondfleld. 3111600 Ton Midway.. 84
1500 Ooldfleld Mln. 72' 1000 Ton Midway.. 85
200 Jumbo 63 1500 Timber Hill .. 39
1500 Jumbo Ex .. 2311000 Verde Of
; 1500 May Queen .. 37'1500 Vernal 18
) 200 Mont Ton. . . 2 07*411000 Vernal 14
Afternoon Session.
! 1600 Adams 11 900 Paymaster ... Of
3000 Black Butte.. 23 1000 Red T09 19
100 Black Butte.. 24 600 Red T09 If
800 Cent. Eureka.1 85 300 Rescue 99
1000 Dixie Mln ... 26! 100 Sandstorm ... 59
1500 Gold Anohor. 2911000 Silver Pick .. 19
100 Ooldfleld Mln. 71' 600 Ton Belmont.. T8
2000 MacNamara . 271 100 Ton Belmont.. Tt
1000 May Queen .. 8711500 Ton Midway.. 99
300 Mont Ton 2 05! BOO Ton Midway.. 99
1000 N Y Ton Con 18:1000 Ton Ohio .... 99
600 Orig Bullfrog. 271 600 Verde fr
1000 Orig Bullfrog. 26 500 Vernal Iff
586 Paymaster .. 081
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District.
Bid. Ask. I 898, is9_
Gold Anchor. 29 SOfTon A Cat... — 9
I Jim Butler .. 40 45j Ton Cash Boy — U
Little Ton .. — 88 Ton Exten ...4 16999
MacNamara . 27 28lTon Midway.. 86 89
Mlzpah Bar .. 06 —I Ton N Star... 22 38
Mont Ton .2 02% 2 06 Ton Ohio 22 98
N Y Ton Con 13 14iTon of Nee-.10 75 11 09
Rescue 06 07!West End ... 18 39
Ton Belmont.. 70 72!
Ooldfleld District.
Adams 10 lUGotdfleld Mhk. 14 IT
1 Black Ants .. — lOIOIdfld Red L 05 09
Alack Butte... 88 84iOoldfieId 8 Pk — 18
Blue Bull M. 15 20 Goldfleld Ton. 69 19
Booth M Co.. 10 —lOldfleld Verde. 05 09
I Columbia Mt 80 32 ! Jumbo M Co. 63 84
Dlamondfltld. 29 321 Jumbo Ex ... 21 34
Dixie Mln ... 24 28!KeadsJl 81 83
Continued on Page Fourteen.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
wnomhmininA
[STOCK USTEDl
\ san rmmsco stock]
I EXCHANGE BOARD C
yihe Big Board " «»
\. Aaj decidecTfoLui /he hading M
tjroCKJin the ab*ve districts. \
C REGULAR CA11 *Hl
New York Phone San Francisco Phone
Call Broad 4209 Call Main 3070
E. F. BUTTON & CO.
Bankers and Brokers,
490 California St.. San Francisco.
MEMBERS—New York Stock Exchange
New York Cotton Exchange
New York Coffee Exchange r
Chicago Board of Trade
Richard B. Mulcahy, Mgr- 33-35 >Jew St,
San Francisco Ne* York
25
25
37%
25
50
26
62%
60
50
1516
TUPPER HAS FUN
WITH WITNESS
Barrister From Victoria B.
C, Worries J. J. Dwyer in
the Dunsmuir Will Case
EXPEKT MUCH CONFUSED
Former Minister of Justice
Tangles Him Skillfully
in Hot Cross-Examination
The monotony that marked the pre
ceding five days' testimony in the
Dunsmuir hearing before Courtenay
Bennett, the British Consul, was
broken yesterday when Sir Charles H.
•Tupper began his cross-examination of
J. J. Dwyer, who has been testifying
• aa an expert on California probate law.
•It was apparent from the start that
the smooth sailing of Dwyer's direct
examination by Attorney Charles S.
Wheeler was going to be disturbed by
the former Canadian Minister of Jus
tice. Sir Charles' very first interroga
tories started Dwyer on a line of lo
quacious but mere or less evasive an
swers, which were seldom either af
firmative or negative.
"Mr. Dwyer," the barrister from
Victoria at last said, "are you willing
to shut out the fact that you are called
by any particular party and testify
simply in the Interest of this case?"
Dwyer said he was anxious to give
his testimony to the best of his knowl
edge and belief.
"And do you also understand that
you are called here as an expert upon
the law?"
Dwyer also assented to this. Nev
ertheless, he resumed his early manner
of answering, and continued it until
the hearing closed. Sir Charles asked
Dwyer why in all his testimony he had
been careful to avoid the use of the
phrases "ancillary probate" and "do-
mestic wills." Dwyer sharply an
swered: "I have not been careful to
' avoid these phrases, nor did I intend
either to use or exclude them. There
is no mention of the words 'domestic
will* in our code."
Then came a long discussion upon
the subject of the term "foreign
wills," brought about by Dwyer's cita
tion in his direct testimony of the case
of the Goldtree will, made in London.
In his original testimony Dwyer did
not seem to consider the Goldtree will
as a "foreign will," but under a hot
fire from the cross-examiner he finally
admitted that he did consider it a "for
eign will."
At one period in the game Dwyer
said to Sir Charles: "Your questions
confuse me; they are so involved."
Sir Charles quickly countered: "Are
you confused and involved, or do my
questions confuse and involve you?"
The witness said that he had been on
the stand for five days and had cited
so many cases and talked so much that
he was compelled to ask that the ques
tions be made plain and distinct. He
added that Reporter Clement Ben
nett's frequent requests that he speak
slowly increased his confusion.
At the close of yesterday's proceed
ings the attorney for the plaintiffs.
Mrs. Edna Wallace Hopper and Mrs.
Joan Dunsmuir, asked that they be al
lowed to recall J. A. S. Lowe to the
stand- for further cross-examination. A.
P. Luxton, attorney for James Duns
muir, said he would consult his asso
ciate counsel. Mr. Wheeler, before
agreeing to produce Lowe in court.
The cross-examination of Mr. Dwyer
will be continued this morning.
Tennessee Oak Hair Tonic. •
LECTURE ON* BUENOS ATRES.—The Fri
day evening free lecture at the South Park
' Settlement this evening will be given by the
Rev. J. F. Jenness on "Buenos Ayres." His
talk will be illustrated with stereoptlcon pic
tures taken by himself.
_;^^^ TISEMEXT ?;__ A _
Our Store Closes Saturday at 6 P. M,
I. MACNIN & CO. Announce Their
Final Clearance Sale
Of Children's Coats
and Dresses
The remainder of our stock will be sacrificed at
the following remarkably low prices:
$5.50 and $7.75 CHEVIOT COATS, braided and
military effects; sizes 1 to 8 years «jq
now *w"
$6.50 BROADCLOTH COATS; sizes g«% QQ
2 to 6 years now
$8.50 BLACK VELVET COATS, size cq
4 only; with lace collars now %*J*
'$6.00 BROADCLOTH COATS; red only; trim
med with Arabian lace; sizes 4, 6 and 8 «*% ca
years now
* $9.00 TAN CRAVENETTES; piped; qq
sizes 10 and 12 years only now
$10.50 MISSES' CHEVIOT JACK- «-% 73
ETS; sizes 14 and 16 now
Children's Woolen Dresses
Our entire line of $10.00, $11.00 and *a jrr
$12.50 DRESSES, ages 8 and 10 only, .now
$15.00, $16.50 and $20.00 DRESSES; $-9 50
ages 8 and 10 only now m y
918 922 MarkCt St. «• Branch Stores.
UNTYPED TROTH
FAILS TO HOLD.
GIRL AVERS BOTBROKE AWAY
Exhibit A Shows They Posed
Where Wavelets Murmur.
Nineteen-year-old Toral Thorsen of
41 Eleventh street distended her natur
ally large eyes as she informed Police
Judge Mogan that of course her en
gagement to marry 20-year-old Frank
McFee was no secret. All of their mu
tual acquaintances knew of the be
trothal and had congratulated both her
and her affianced. Moreover, she had
a ring to show for it. The hoop of
gold was placed on her engagement
finger by Frank as they posed on the
; Ocean Beach, with the Cliff House for
' a background, and had their tintype
' taken. (Tintype offered in evidence, ac
| cepted and marked exhibit A.)
When the coldness came between
Frank and herself—said decline of tem
perature being entirely of his making
—he said he would ever think and
speak kindly of her, but soon she as
certained that he was gossiping in a
way that did not reflect credit upon her
character. That was one of the rea
sons that prompted her to prosecute
' him for breach of promise. She told
I her friends, after the severance, that
| Frank had always treated her as a per
fect gentleman would treat a perfect
lady, but of course she could not ad
here to that statement after she dis
j covered the manner in which he was
i talking about her.
I Toral's mother corroborated the
| young lady's story in detail, and told
of how, after she had been informed
of Frank's recalcitrancy, she accom
panied Toral to a dance for the sole
purpose of finding out for herself what
he meant by it. He informed her he
j meant nothing, but his wooing was
never renewed. She had encouraged his
suit because she knew that Toral loved
him and could not be happy without
him, and she afforded the couple every
possible facility for uninterrupted
sparking: Toral never loved anybody
before she became the fiancee of Frank,
nc.- had she kept company with any
member of the opposite sex since
Frank proved untrue. Indeed, if Frank
were not compelled to make her his
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
bride she would end her days a spin
ster.
Police Judge Mogan will hear more
of Toral's sorrows to-morrow. During
the examination young Mr. McFee sat
with his mother and seemed to enjoy
the proceedings, especially when his at
torney's rapid-fire questioning provoked
the young lady to snappy answers.
• • •
Jane Doe Eckert, mother of six, waa
accused of defrauding an innkeeper by
removing her family baggage from
Mrs. Jennie A. Hammond's lodging
house, 5% Polk street, and leaving two
weeks' room rental unpaid. Mrs. Ham
mond averred that the removal was
effected with deliberate intent to de
fraud her, but Mrs. Eckert maintained
that she was compelled to leave the
house by "Mrs. Hammond's Insulting
language to Miss Eckert, who, by the
by, was scheduled to become a bride
last evening. Judge Fritz continued
the hearing until after the wedding.
• m m
James Graham, a young man of be
sotted appearance, laughed derisively
when Judge Mogan sentenced him to
three months' imprisonment for habit
ual drunkenness. His mother, on
whose complaint he was arrested, testi
fied that he has not been perfectly so
ber since last June.
• • •
Miss Belle Wilson had doffed her
black picture hat and was jabbing two
long wire skewers with large glass
heads into it when Bailiff Hickey in
formed her that Police Court etiquette
aid not require any such manifesta
tion of respect to the bench.
"Respect nothin*," said Miss Wilson;
"I took off me hat to let them pore fel
lers in th* cage behind me see what's
goin' on. We do it in theaters, an' I
don't see why we shouldn't do it
here."
She was accused of pilfering $75 in
gold coin from James Ferguson of
Martinez, and she listened to his tale
of woe \Vith as much nonchalance as
If she were an entirely disinterested
party. When, he said, she "flagged"
him on Market street she laughingly
and audibly remarked that if she did
so she must have been crazy, thereby
conveying to all hearers the impression
that she considered him beneath her
notice. His recountal of how he had
treated her to refreshments until ob
livion came to him provoked her to
giggle, and she fairly Jellied when he
told of his return to consciousness in
a Market-street lodging-house and
finding himself bereft of the $75.
His subsequent disorderly behavior,
he explained, was due to the night
clerk's insistent demand that he either
leave the house or ceaae his wailings
and allow the other lodgers to sleep.
He naturally expected condolence, he
added, and when he received harshness
instead he may have disturbed the
peace. He would not deny that his
chagrin was accentuated by the re
flection that In Martinez he was re
garded as a very sophisticated chap
and that much Joshing by the wags
will be his portion when he returns to
that town. No, he had never bought
a gold brick, nor had he over purchased
green goods warranted to be undis
tinguishable from genuine currency. In
fact, until he responded to the "flag
ging" by Miss Wilson he considered
himself proof against capture by
means of any of the snares that beset
the stranger in the metropolis.
Miss Wilson Informed Judge Mogan
that on January 27 she would submit a
defense so formidable as to make Mr.
Ferguson regret the day he caused her
arrest. The big-headed pins were
clenched tightly between her teeth as
she spoke, and the hissing enunciation
thereby created made her words sound
extremely convincing. But her hat was
not donned until she left the court
room.
• • •
Frank Daly and James Murphy in
vented and operated a system of street
begging that came so close to highway
robbery as to earn for them three
months' imprisonment, ordered by
Judge Mogan. They worked aa a team,
and their field was the Western Addlr
tion. The process, as described by the
arresting policeman, consisted of Mr.
Daly accosting a belated pedestrian on
a quiet street and soliciting alms while
Mr. Murphy stood ready to back his
partner's play by intimidatory toying
with a large knife. If the citizen yield
ed to Mr. Daly's appeal there was noth
ing for Mr. Murphy to do except stand
Idly by, but if there waa indication of
the petition being rejected, then Mr.
Murphy went to work. He did not orally
threaten to use the knife, but simply
weighed it in his right hand and drew
his left forefinger along Its keen edge,
meantime eying the citizen most male
volently. If the citisen attempted to
retreat, Mr. Murphy silently stepped In
front of him while Mr. Daly glanced
around and nodded encouragingly aa if
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 20. 1905.
GIVE DINNER
TO JUDGE HUNT
Superior Justices Do Honor
to Man Who Served City
for Twenty-Five Years
PRESENT FLORAL PIECE
Cosmos Club Has Token for
Jurist Who Has Been on
Bench a Quarter Century
The Judges of the Superior Court of
this city gave a banquet to Judge John
Hunt last night at the Cosmos Club
in honor of the quarter century of serv
ice he has rendered upon the Superior
bench. Judge Hunt has served since
Superior courts were established by the
State constitution in 1879. He was seat
ed as a Superior Judge in 1880. In rec
ognition of his faithful service he has
been returned at each succeeding elec
tion. Through all political changes he
retained his popularity and the respect
of the people.
Judge Hunt was deeply touched at
the regard shown to him by his col
leagues, who were enthusiastic in their
congratulations. The Cosmos Club pre
sented the veteran jurist with a beauti
ful floral piece representing a balance.
This was used as a center-piece on the
banquet board.
The cuisine was excellent and the
wine of the best. Over the coffee the
Judges recalled members of the bar
long dead. Anecdotes of the pioneer
courts were told and the stock Jests of
the legal profession were recalled.
Goodfellowship reigned throughout the
affair, which lasted till after midnight.
*- *
to assure a clear coast for murder, if
that extreme should be made necessary
by the citizen's continued obduracy.
Most citizens thus virtually held up,
however courageous they might be or
dinarily, considered life worth more
to them than the modest sum of money
solicited by Mr. Daly. But some of
them narrated their experience to the
police, and thus Messrs. Daly and Mur
phy were caught in the act of perform
ing their specialty.
That the defendants had planned
their method of mendicancy with a
view to avoiding possible conviction
for footpadry was exemplified by the
Insistence with which they pleaded that
no actual threats had been made by
either of them. They dared the prose
cution to pro*/e that either by word or
deed had they shown intention to take
by force what they failed to obtain by
suasion.
"As for me pulling out me knife an'
paring me finger nails," said Mr. Mur
phy, "I guess any gent has a right ter
do dat without bein' serspected of goin"
ter stick somebody."
"I'll give you half the limit for
vagrancy this time," said the Judge,
"and if you ever again indulge in such
spectacular manicuring and are
brought before me to answer for It six
months shall be your portion."
• • •
H. O. Newman, proprietor of a
Hayes-street delicatessen, was acquit
ted of the charge of selling milk de
ficient in butter fat, his Honor Mogan
declaring that it was easier for a camel
to do a flying leap through a needle's
eye than for a committing magistrate
to probe to the bottom the "buck-pass
ing" defense submitted by the average
vender of debilitated milk. If such de
fenses were to be believed, the court
further intimated, the pump or hydrant
from which the complained-of water
was procured was alone answerable for
the illegal dilution. Even the cow could
not be convicted.
• • •
Archie Northway, an opium devotee
who attempted to wreck the Salvation
Army Lifeboat on Natoma street, reso
lutely declined Bailiff Mahoney's invi
tation to step out of the cage and face
Judge Mogan's bench.
"L.ay not your hands upon me," he
shouted, as the bailiff started to enforce
his command: "for he who touches my
person withers up and dies."
Several of his feljow prisoners assist
ed in Mr. Northway's expulsion, and
the Judge promptly gave him three
months.
Burnett's Extract of Vanilla—Used
exclusively by all leading hotels and clubs. •
ANOTHER THEATER SUES.—Edward Ho
man and Eva Halllnan proprietors of the
amusement place at 771 Market street, yester
day sued for an injunction to prevent the
Chief of Police and Board of Public Works
from closing their business. They declare
that they have been conducting a show house
in the present premises for twenty years and
that the ordinance governing theaters has no
retroactive provision which applies to them.
They were notified Wednesday night to close
and Immediately applied to Judge Lawlor for
a restraining order.
The King of Cannons*
B Kremlin
%|£flB%SS TCI Moscow
H There are lots of shoes that look pretty well—well enough I
H to make people wear them once, but it takes the satisfaction that H
H lasts in wear to make a steady customer. Some people buy lots I
I of different shoes, but when they discover Sorosis quality they ■
H will wear nothing else. It is this quality that has made Sorosis H
I the favorite shoe of all civilized countries—the only American I
I product that costs more abroad than at home. Though the H
H freight from Boston to European points is in some cases less ■
I than to Chicago and Westward, though there is no duty in Eng- H
H land and only ten cents a pair in Germany, yet all foreign coun- I
I tries pay a premium for Sorosis shoes. The price in England H
H for all staple styles is $4.00; Germany and Canada, $4.50; France ■
H and Russia, $5.00; nowhere in Europe less than $4.00. M
S In the United States all staple styles f 3.50. B
■ I Sizes 1 to 9; widths AAA to EE. H
H NOTE—More new styles in all sizes have come in, includ- I
H ing Boys' and Girls' styles and Sorosis Health Leather. H
I SOROSIS SHOE PARLOR 4 RCTrALSHOE STORE I
I 216 POST S[iW*r3QTmß>.SlSm M
GETTING READY
TO SELL BONDS
Harbor Board Expects Secur-j
ities for the New Seawall!
to Command a Premium
TRAVEL IS INCREASING
Space in the Ferry Building
May Be Eeassigned for
Benefit of the Key Koute
State Treasurer Truman Reeves has
advised the Board of Harbor Commis- 1
sioners that the plates and proofs of j
the new bonds for the extension of the
seawall are ready for inspection. With
as little delay as possible the bonds
will be offered to the public. It is ex
pected that the securities wilf command
a premium in the money market. The j
bond issue is limited to $2,000,000.
A reassignment of space in the ferry !
building to give better accommodations
for Key Route travel may become nec- I
essary. Commissioners Spear, Kirk- ;
Patrick and Mackenzie considered the
subject yesterday and several altera- '
tions on the lower floor of the north
end of the building were suggested in
order to accommodate the Santa Fe
with ticket offices, waiting room and
baggage space in that quarter. If the
plans under advisement meet the views
of CaptAin Payson, the North Shore
offices will be moved nearer the center
of the depot, and the slip now used
by the Tiburon boats will be assigned
to the Santa Fe steamers. Accommo- I
dations for all the lines of travel could
be easily provided if the companies
carrying passengers would make gen- i
eral use of the extensive space on the
second or upper floor of the depot. Cap- '
tain Payson, A. W. Foster and the
Key Route people will have to "give
and take" in order to reach an agree
able adjustment. The Commissioners
are not inclined to make an arbitrary
ruling.
The board, at a regular meeting yes
terday, which was attended by the
three Commissioners, the attorneys and I
chief engineer, resolved to build the
Vaiiejo street pier at an expense of 1
$90,000, exclusive of cement. The engin
eer was directed to prepare specinca- j
tions for cement.
The board resolved to spend $10,000
to repair the Souther nPaciflc freight
slip in Central Basin. Owing to heavy
winds and tides and the careless hand
ling of boats by the company, the slip
has been materially damaged. Bills for
damages will be presented to the
Southern Pacific. Informal proposals
for the repairs will be considered and
the company itself may bid.
The Commissioners yesterday decid
ed to invest $5000 in a modern up-to
date scow piledriver. The engineer
reported that it would be cheaper to
get a new scow than repair the old
boat.
The board, on advice of Attorney
Davis, yesterday adopted this resolu
tion:
Whereas, in the cases of Schultz, Hansen
& Co., Webster A Dunbar. Jonas Erlanger-
Davls Company and O. B. Olcese against the
board, the temporary injunctions restraining
the board from acting under its orders re
voking the permits of said firms to sell perish
able products on the wharves have been dis
solved; now therefore be it
Resolved, That the secretary notify said
firms that the board will on February 1. 1906,
enforce its order revoking said permits.
The following bids for treating piles
for Jackson and Howard street
wharves were received: San Francis
co Timber Preserving Company, 36
cents per foot; H. R. Rood & Co., 40
cents; Parafflne Paint Company, 35
cents. The paint company's process
of treatment is not acceptable. The
bid of Rood & Co. was held by the en
gineer to be much lower than that of
the Timber Preserving Company, as
the former charges only for the preser
vation of the submerged portion of the
pile. The contract was awarded to
Rood & Co.
The Commissioners will attend the
Governor's reception at Sacramento
next Wednesday night.
Administrator Wants Money.
A renewal of the* effort of Dr. Chris
topher Kleineberg to force John Boll
man, the tobacco merchant, to sur
render $1934 52, which Bollman says
was given to him by Carl Kruger be
fore the latter's death, was made yes
terday in the form of a civil suit to
set aside the gift. Kleineberg is ad
ministrator of Kruger's estate and the
property that has come Into his pos
session is worth only $2. As Kruger's
physician he rendered services for
which he chargee $594 and the ex
penses of the estate bring the total
amount of his claim up to $1668.
which he thinks should be paid from
the money given to Bollman.
AD VEKT EMJEXTS.
For Friday and Saturday
We offer you this beautiful Roman Chair of mahogany
finish, for parlor or library. Upholstered seat covers of
assorted velours—carvedJ>ack.
Very Liberal Credit, of Course
7[ Your Heater Chance
' mP Imagine a heater that will produce nj
just as much heat from 154 tons of JRL
ill—'"Zr 1 s °ft coa l (° r even slack) as any hard
coal heater does with one ton of ex
'wfgPp pensive hard coal. Imagine the say- nUo^^
—think how quick this heater fWlfiEil?
would "actually pay for itself. JsSS^SSL
jRt&nSfIPZ Imagine a heater burning soft coal C^jipjWpiSy
iyj?~ z~ESa or slack, and producing no smoke, no /fffflffiiffija
soot, no gas. It sounds too good to
That* Is What the Back's Hot. Blast. Will Do
The Buck's Hot Blast is built on scientific principles—it does not
permit the 38 per cent of gas and smoke in soft coal to escape up the
chirftney, but burns it up—TURNS IT INTO FUEL. That is why it is
the most wonderful heater in the world. How can it help but be popu
lar when it actually pays for itself before two seasons are over?
BELIEVES THUG
CAUSED COLIC
Ferris Hartman's Heir Gets
"Tummy" Ache and Mother
Has Police Investigate
What gave Ferris Hartman's son and
heir a "tummy ache?" That's the
problem that is puzzling the domicile of
the Tivoli comedian, two detectives,
and all the rank and file of the San
Francisco police force.
A blood curdling theory is advanced
by Catherine Giles, Mrs. Hartman's
maid. She was talking to a "gentle
man friend" at the front door on
Wednesday night, she said. As she as
cended the stairs she heard a noise.
Just what kind of a noise she does not
know, only that It was a noisy noise.
She peeped into the room of her mis
tress. All was well, and little Ferris
was asleep. Paregoric had silenced his
innocent prattle for the night.
Mrs. Hartman rose at 4 the next
morning and complained of feeling
drowsy. Baby Hartman complained of
everything in general, and indicated
that something was wrong with its lit
tle insides. A diligent search revealed
no safety pins.
Suddenly the maid discovered a bump
on the baby's forehead. "Mon Dieu,"
she cried. "I see it all! The enfant haa
been sandbagged and you have been
chloroformed. Mon Dieu, what mis
creants! I will fly for a gendarme."
So Mademoiselle Giles sought out Po
liceman Schmidt. "It is terrible. The
enfant and the wife of that celebrated
Ferris Hartman have been sandbagged
and robbed," she cried.
The policeman learned on investiga
tion that Mra Hartman's collection of
jewelry was intact and that none of lit
tle Ferris's milk steins had been ab
stracted by midnight marauders. But
there remained the mystery of the
"tummy ache."
Detectives Dinan and Wren were dis
patched to solve that. They gazed at
the window, where the sandbagger of
infants was supposed to have entered.
It was thirty feet above the sidewalk.
"Maybe the baby wants its pa," sug
gested Dinan, "Or else it's got colic."
"Rub some arnica on the child's
head," said Wren. "If the bump don't
come off, it's a phrenological freak, I
guess."
The disturbance in young Hartman's
interior abated lar' night, but its fond
mamma does not know yet whether it
was chloroform or colic that upset the
child.
Ferris Hartman might solve the
problem, but he is visiting barns
throughout the State. So the riddle of
the baby's indisposition remains as
hard a riddle as its father's, "Why
doea a chicken cross the road?"
KNOCKED DOWN AND ROBBED.—Ed
ward Isaacs, a salesman living at ISI6 Webster
street, was found unconscious on Oeary street,
between Webster and Buchanan, shortly after
midnight yesterday morning by Special Officer
R. Harvey and Policeman Rocca. After he re
gained consciousness he said he had been struck
from behind with some blunt Instrument. Hs
bad $2 70 in his pockets, which had been stolen.
There was a slight wound behind his left ear.
Blow Destroys His Hearing.
Because she thought he dumped
rubbish in her back yard, Jennie
Clarke, a negress, living at 22 23
Beach street, smote Henry Johnson
yesterday with a baseball bat. The
blow temporarily destroyed Johnson's
hearing and Dr. Carl Wilson, at the
Central Emergency Hospital, fears
even more serious results. Johnson
that the woman ambushed him as he
was entering his home. The police
are looking for the bat wielder.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
SPECIAL DISCOUNT SALE
Of Our Entire Elne of
Decorated Fancy China,
Ornaments, Bisques,
Vases, Etc., Etc.,
At 20 per cent off of our already
low prices. Nothing is reserved
form this china sale, which in
cludes several large shipments of
the most beautiful creations in
shapes and decorations of the
finest European manufacturers.
These goods arrived too late for
our Holiday Trade, and we intend
CLOSING THEM OUT at prices
which will both surprise and
please you.
* If you can use a few pieces of
decorated china, this is an oppor
tunity you should take advantage
of. Included in this sale is a va
riety of "Odds and Ends" in
China, Glassware and Dinner
Ware, which we are closing out
at considerably LESS THAN
ACTUAL COST. It will pay you
to drop in, if but to look around.
The sooner you come, the better
will be the selection to choose
from.
CHAS. BROWN & SON,
807 MARKET STREET. Wear Fourth
Flood Bolldinr.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
Xn All Its Branches.
PAINLESS
wmouTpg jn a „ that
the term
implies.
Guaranteed full set of teeth S3 Oo
Guaranteed bridge work, per tooth.. I.Sttioo
Guaranteed gold crowns, 22 karat gold SS.OO
Guaranteed sliver fillings SiOa
We Extract Teeth Positively and Abso
lutely Without Pain.
We use no gas; our method is simple, pless
ant and harmless as milk.
We remove nerves without the slightest psln
to patients, and heal abscessed teeth In from
one to three treatments.
No Students in This Office.
Crown and Bridge Work We Make a
Specialty.
Note —If you can't Afford to pay all down fcr
your work, pay what you can and w« can ar
range easy payments for the balance.
IT DON'T HT7RT A BIT is what you will
say If you go to th*
AMERICAN PAINLESS DENTISTS
Of Acs hours, 9 to 9; Sundays, 10 to I.
, 930 Market St., Opposite Emporium.