T-
THE WEATHER.
_/ I J / \ Forecast made at San Francisco fcr
30 hours ending midnight. January 2:
J / F — San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Mon
f\ - l^^ da, ' : llßht nort * l<?aLßt wln **
AX G. H. WILX.SON.
' Jf* Local Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVII—NO. 33.
PORT ARTHUR IS ABOUT TO SURRENDER
TOKIO, Jan. 2. — General Nogi reports thai he has received a letter from General
Stoes set relating to the sttrrender of Port Arthur.
STOESSEL OPENS NEGOTIATIONS
FOR GARRISON'S CAPITULATION
Japanese Besiegers Storm and Capture Wantai
Remnant of the Russian Torpedo-Boat Flotilla
Escapes to Chefu Harbor.
TOKIO, Jan. 2 (1 p. m.).—lt is understood that hostilities at Port
Arthur were suspended to-day, and that the Russian and Japanese chiefs
of staff met at noon at Shushiying to discuss terms of surrender.
TOKIO, Jan. 2 (10 a. m*.) —The following cable has been received from General Nogi:
"I received a letter relating to surrender from General Stoessel, the commander of the Port Arthur
garrison, on Sunday night at 9 o'clock."
The Japanese stormed and captured Wantai yesterday (Sunday).
TOKIO, Jan. 1. —It is reported that the Japanese are following ifp their successes as an
aftermath of the capture of Rihlung and Sungshu mountains. They have captured the observa
dim ridge behind Sungshu Mountain, slight resistance being shown by the Russians. It is;
reported that the losses of the assaulting party on the attack on Sungshu Mountain were small.
Every indication points to a material weakening of the defensive power of the garrison at
Port Arthur.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE THIRD JAPANESE ARMY, Jan. I.—The Rus
sians are preparing to evacuate their entire position east of Port Arthur.
CHEFU, Jan. 2.—The remnant of the Russian torpedo boat flotilla has escaped from'
Port Arthur. Four of the vessels have arrived here and two others made for the German
harbor of Tsingtau. . ■ ,y m - ■ ------- - n
NEW YORK, Jan. 2.—The Sun has the fbJk>wii*g cablegram from Tokio : General
Stoessel has surrendered Port Arthur.
CHEFU, Jan. 2 (4:20 p. m.) —Three large Japanese destroyers are just entering harbor.
RESISTANCE
BY GARRISON
NOW FEEBLE
Fort After Fort Is
Captured by the
Japanese.
TOKIO, Jan. I.—Following the dra
matic assault upon and capture of
Sungshu Mountain, the Japanese at
Port Arthur to-day captured "H" fort
wid the recently constructed fort on
Panning Mountain, giving them pos
session of the entire line between Rih
lung Mountain and "H" fort, via Pan
lung Mountain. Simultaneously with
. the capture of these forts the extreme
right, pressing along Pigeon Bay, cap
tured the heights south of Housan
yantao. Telegraphing to-day the head
quarters of the besieging forces says:
"A part of the center, dislodging the
enemy, occupied 'H' fort at 7 o'clock
this morning and also captured the new
fort on Panlung Mountain. Thus the
Una between BJhlung Mountain and
*H' fort, via Panlung Mountain, fell
firmly into our hands.
"A part of the right, commencing a
bombardment at 8 o'clock this morn
ing and dislodging the enemy, which
resisted stubbornly, firmly occupied the
heights south of Housanyantao at 2
o'clock this afternoon."
The news of the»continuance of Jap
. aneee successes at Port Arthur is re
ceived with elation in Tokio. It is
known that the Japanese losses are
comparatively slight and it is believed
that the garrison is finally reaching the
limits of its strength of endurance.
A telegram from the besieging army
at Port Arthur received to-day says:
"Through an opening at the entrance
into the bomb-proof in the gorge at
Sungshu Mountain all the entombed
Russians were gradually brought out. I
The rescued number two officers and
more than 160 men. According to the
prisoners about 150 corpses are buried
under the debris caused by the ex
plosion of our mines.
"The trophies taken include field and
machine guns not yet enumerated.
"At 6 o'clock Saturday morning our
sapping body in front of the east fort
on Panlung Mountain blew up a part
of the old Chinese wall. It is now con
structing defense works there."
MONTH OF REVERSES.
Sii-onghold's Defenders Reduced toj
Their I .est Extremity.
• CHBFU, Jan. 2.—The news that the I
Russian forces at Port Arthur have |
been reduced to such a strait that at
last the heroic commander has been
• forced to propose surrender follows
upon a month of reverses. The siege
began almost with the firing of the
t first gun in the war, now nearly eleven
months ago. and when perhaps the
greatest stronghold in the world was
. garrisoned by 40,000 Russian soldiers,
supported by a formidable s uadron of
modern battleships, .cruisers and tdr
. pedo-boats. These warships have been
destroyed or dispersed until but a few
torpedo-boats remain in the harbor.
THE San Francisco CALL
The garrison, ' 1 latest accounts, had
been reduced to about 15,000 men.
On December 4 High (203-meter) Hill,
one of the most commanding positions
in the series of forts held by the Rus
sians, was captured by the Japanese
after a severe fight in which the loss
on both sides was enormous. It was
from this hill that the death blows
were dealt to the warships that were
then remaining in the harbor, and
afterward the Japanese guns were
trained upon the town and such forts
as were within range.
On December 19 the East Keekwan
fort was taken by the Japanese, af
fording them another advantageous po
sition from which to assail other forts
in the chain of defenses. Mining and
sapping were Important factors in the
capture of this position, as they were
in the fall of the Rihlung fort on De
cember 29.
All these achievements served to cut
communication between the Liaoti fort,'
destined to be "the last ditch" of the
| defenders, from a great part of the
chain of forts.
From the hour of the fall of East
Keekwan events have seemed to be
hastening to their culmination, for on
December 31 Sungshu Mountain fell
into the hands of the besiegers, and
only a few hours later the "H" fort,
another strong position, was captured.
The report that the non-combatants
of Port Arthur had been accorded asy
lum behind Liaoti Mountain may have
been au indication that the Japanese
commander foresaw that the surrender
of the Russians within a brief time
was assured.
WILL BUILD GREAT NAVY.
Russia to Take Her Place Among
First-Class Sea Powers,
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. I.—With
reference to the report published in
the United States under a St Peters
burg date that Emperor Nicholas has
sanctioned the expenditure of $80,000 -
000 for rebuilding the navy, the fact
is that Russia's naval programme has
not yet been definitely decided or pro
mulgated. All that is positively knqwn
is that the plans oover a long period
of years. The absolute necessity of a
sea power is one of Russia's latest les
sons of the present war, and with
practically the complete destruction of
the Port Arthur fleet the Government
is determined not only on filling the
gap, but on building up a fleet which
will keep Russia fully abreast of other
first-class powers.
«
SLAVS APPEAR HELPLESS.
Little Opposition to the Japanese At
tack Upon Sungshu.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE THIRD
JAPANESE ARMY, Saturday, Decern- ;
ber 31. —The fort on Sungshu Moun- j
tain was captured at 11 o'clock in the j
morning. The works were mined and !
exploded at 10 o'clock, many Rus
sians being killed and buried in the
debris. Those who remained in the
fort were captured. There was little 1
opposition to the attack. The north- i
eastern section of the fort was de- j
stroyed. affording cover for the as- j
saulters. The Japanese now hold forts !
guarding the entire western half of I
the eastern fort ridge.
' •
RUSSIANS DESTROY FORTS.
CHEFU, Jan. 2.—lt is reported that
thfc Russians destroyed the two forts
near the railway at Port Arthur be
cause of a shortage of men and am
munition.
WAR VESSELS
ESCAPE FROM
PORT ARTHUR
Torpedo-Boat De
stroyers Run the
Blockade.
9
CHEFU, Jan. 2, »:16 A. M.—Four
Russian torpedo boat destroyers—the
Skory, the Stratni, the Vlastni and
the Serdity—accompanied by a large
launch, arrived here this morning from
Port Arthur. Two other destroyers arc
repoted to have gone to Tsingtau.
The activity aboard the destroyers
seemingly indicates an intention of put
ting to sea again. What appear to be
Japanese destroyers can be seen with
the aid of glasses in the dim distance.
A bundle of dispatches was sent
ashore from one of the Russian de
stroyers.
The captain of the Stratni says that
they left Port Arthur because it had
been impossible for ships to live in the
harbor since the Japanese captured
203-Meter Hill. The destroyers en
countered no Japanese warships en
route to this port.
For the past five days ; the Japanese
are reported to have been ceaselessly
storming Port Arthur on all sides.
Captain Kartow, commanding the
tcrpedo-boat destroyer Vlastni, says
the Japanese expected to enter Port
Arthur on Tuesday, but that General
Stoessel, who was sick, will resist with
the remnant of the garrison on Liaoti
Mountain.
Captain Kartow denies the report
from Tokio that General Stoessel of
fered to surrender yesterday. The Rus
sians yesterday blew up two of their
own forts near the railway and com
pleted the destruction of the cruiser
Bayan.
The destroyers Smirli and Boiki ajso
left Port Arthur yesterday. Their fate
is unknown.
Port Arthur is described by to-day's
arrivals as a "living hell." The hospi
tals are said to be nearly all de
stroyed.
s •
GARRISON'S LAST STAND.
Port Arthur Newspaper Says the Sit
uation Is Hopeless.
CHEFU, Jan. I.—Copies of the Port
Arthur Nova Krai, dated December
24 and December 25, which have
reached here, contain pathetic refer
ences to the last stand of the last ship
of Russia's Asiatic squadron. Even
General Stoessel, who has been silent
In respect to the navy since August 10,
issued an order lauding the battleship
Sevastopol and Captain Essen, who for
five nights withstood the numerous
attacks of torpedo flotillas till at last
the death rattle sounded through the
gaping wounds in the Sevastopol's
sides and Russia's Asiatic fleet was no
more.
"Nothing," says the Nova Krai,
"could exceed the unflinching devotion
of the men who nightly and calmly
went forth into the roadstead in the ,
*— ——
Continued to Page 3, Column 4. ]
SAX FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JANUARY 2, 1905.
CHADWICK
SEES WIFE
IN PRISON
Pathetic Meeting at
Which Both Are
Overcome.
Woman Pleads lor Confi
dence and Proclaims
Her Innocence.
Husband's Onj Reply Is That He
Hopes She" Has Told Him
the Truth.
CLEVELAND, Jan. I.—Unheralded,
unembarrassed by a crowd of the cu
rious, the homecoming to-day of Dr.
Leroy S. Chad wick was in diametric
contrast to the arrival of his wife three
weeks ago. The hour of the day and
the fact that but few persons were
about made the doctor's arrival like
that of am.ordinary traveler. No one
was at the station to meet him, with
the exceTafljfon of -Attorney Kerruish.
Even hiwn»*»Ds-TdR Emil,' failed to see
him until o'clock. Young Hoover had
planned ti board the train at an outly
ing station, but the train had come into
that station and departed before Emil
was aware of the fact.
Sheriff Barry, in whose company Dr.
Chadwick was on the trip from New
York, chose to come to Cleveland over
.the Pennsylvania road. Tlie train ar
iived at Cleveland at 7:30 o'clock this
morning. The Sheriff and Dr. Chad
wick were driven to the County Jail
quickly. A bond proviced on Saturday
evening by Attorney Virgil P. Kline
and Attorney Dawley was at the Jail
on the arrival of Dr. Chadwick and he
soon was released. After the prelimi
naries in the Sheriff's office Dr. Chad
wick was escorted by Sheriff Barry to
the fourth floor of the women's ward,
where his wife is held a '
WIFE PLEADS WITH HUSBAND.
The meeting between the two was
pathetic in the extreme. Mrs. Chadwick
arose when she heard the steps in the
corrdior and fell into her husband's
arms when she recognized him. Both
wept convulsively for several minutes
while clinging to each other, the Sheriff
attempting meanwhile to console them.
There was no artificiality about the
scene. Genuine grief, genuine Joy in
termingled. Even the Sheriff, hardened
as he must be by continual contact
with persons in every form of dis
tress, was deeply affected.
Little by little the first shock grew
less severe and the two sat down for
a talk that continued for an hour and
a half. There were pleadings and par
tial responses when the more serious
predicament of husband and wife was
at length appreciated.
Dr. Chadwick has lost his all in the
operations of his wife and the large
independent fortune of his only child
has been swept away—sufficient reason,
it would seem, for some show of hard
ness on his part. Mrs. Chadwick tried
to imbue him with the thought of her
innocence of any wrongdoing. His
only response to these pleas was: "I
hope so."
The troubles into which both have
been plunged were thoroughly dis
cussed. The wife told the story, inter
spersed by violent fits of weeping, in
which at times Dr. Chadwick Joined.
There were no apparent evasions, but
there was a constant cry of ""Trust
me! trust me!" on the part of the
woman.
STILL PROCLAIMS INNOCENCE.
"Don't believe these stories which
the newspapers hay been printing
about me," she said. "They are all j
lies, every one of them. I have done
nothing wrong. Believe me; trust \
me; everything will come out all
right in the end and it will be seen
that I have been guilty of none of
these things the public charge m;
with. Don't think I deceive you; I
will tell you the truth and I tell you
that all these reports are lies—ites."
"I can only hope so," was the hus
band's answer. "I have trusted you
and it is hard to believe anything;
my mind is so confused. This has
such a terrible shock and I djn':
understand any of it. I want time to
think of it. Ido not say I won't trust
you, only give me time to collect my
thoughts, since I heard of this
trouble in Paris, I have been bothered
and my life has been made a mo3t
ut.bearable one. I have been followed
and hounded until I can think of
nothing else. I am not the Judge. I
can only hope that everything will
come out all right, as you say."
After an hour's earnest con
versation, conducted for the most
part in scarcely audible whis
pers. Sheriff Barry was asked
by Mrs. Chadwick to send for
her attorney, J. P. Dawley, who was
waiting with Attorney Kerruish in the
Jail office. Dawley went to Mrs. Chad
wick's cell and had a Joint conference,
with her and Dr. Chadwick, the re*
Continued on Pace 9, Column 4. j
SEEKERS AFTER THE TOGA
REACH THE CAPITAL
Knight, Flip*, and Oxnard Arrive
SACRAMENTO. Jan. I.—The mem
bers of the Legislature are here ready
for the business of the session, and the
indications are that organization of
both houses will be effected to-morrow,
so that balloting for United States Sen
ator may begin on Tuesday of next
week. The Senatorial contest, how
ever interesting it may be later on, is
at present partially eclipsed by the
/strenuous fight for the position of
Sergennt-at-Arms of the Assembly
Stafford, who is supported by Charles
F. Curry, Secretary of State, and
Lamphrey, who is backed by James
Gillis, State Librarian, are the candi
dates for the favor of Republican As
semblymen. Curry says the fight is won
for Stafford. Gillis holds that Lamph
rey is already the winner.
The contest between Jacob Steppa
cher of San Francisco and Clio Lloyd of
Santa Barbara for the Chief Clerkship
of the Assembly is engaging the atten
tion of Statesmen. f
Dr. Rowell, C. M. Belshaw, James A.
Louttit, Frank J. Brandon, David T.
Perkins, J. R. Dorsey, C. A. Young, E.
O. Gerberding and many other active
supporters of Senator Bard's candidacy
for re-election were at Bard headquar
ters at the Capitol Hotel to-night. Dr.
Rowell speaks highly of the Senator's
prospects and predicts that Bard will
take the lead on the first ballot and
maintain it until the finish.
The Bard meji are in favor of im
mediate organization of the Legisla
ture so that the real t*-s of the
strength of the several aspirants may
be shown as early as posFihle. The
remark is made at Bard headquarters
that the Flint boomers are openly
claiming the support of Senators and
Assemblymen who are known to be in
favor of the Senator's re-election and
will so record themselves when the
roll is called. All signs point to a good
natured contest for the favor of the
Republican majority of the Legisla
ture. There is nothing in sight to in
dicate that the fight will prompt any
candidate to lavish expenditures of
money or elaborate entertainments of
statesmen in order to gain prestige.
FAVOR A CAUCUS.
Advocates of the caucus system are
saying that a Republican caucus
should be held at once to settle the
Senatorship. It is readily admitted
that fifty-six Republicans would be re
quired to determine the result in cau
cus while sixty would settle the ques
tion in joint convention. The argu
ment, however, is put forward that
adherence to the custom at this time
would be accepted hereafter as a bind
ing precedent.
George A. Knight, Henry T.
Oxnard. Frank P. Flint and Sena
tor Cheater Rowell, arrived here this
evening. They were not long upon
the ground before each was willing to
SOME OF THE MEN WHO ARE
PROMINENT AMONG THE LEG
ISLATORS IN SACRAMENTO.
hazard an opinion as to the situation
and the clashing opinions are only
limited by the number of those that
offered them.
"I will be elected." said Gecrrge A.
Knight. "I am confident that no one
can withhold from me the honor of
representing California in the Senate
of the United States. In answer to the
claim that Southern California is en
titled to the Senatorship I have but
one thing to say. California is a sov
ereign State and the man that is elect
ed by this Legislature to represent the
State in the Senate will be elected to
represent the whole State, not any
single portion of it. So rar as popu
lation, wealth and territory are con
cerned, San Francisco is entitled to the
Senatorship. Why, we have one bank
in the city that is richer than the com
bined interests of Southern California,
But this question is too broad to dis
cuss in this vein. « is not a sectional
fight; it is a fight of the people of the
whole State to be well represented.
"And so far as the statements are
made that certain candidates in the
fight are so-called organisation candi
dates. I think it is all rot. Every man
in this fight is a free man; there are
no collars in evidence. I am in this
fight to win and I am going to win,
that is all there is to the situation."
OXNARD IX SANGUINE.
While Oxnard was not as broad in
his claims as Knight, he showed no
signs of discouragement and discussed
the situation with many friends that
called at his headquarters in the Gold
en Eagle.
"I am here," said Oxnard, "with a
substantial support and I shall use
every honorable means to see that my
strength is Increased. I am not
claiming everything in the world, but
as to the loyalty of. the support I have
there is no question.
"And I can say this: The returns of
the recent election show that Califor
nia' is in favor of the policy of Theo
dore Roosevelt. I am also in favor of
this policy, and If I am elected to the
Senate of the United States, as I be
lieve I will be, I will do everything in
my power, first to further the interests
of California and always to adhere to
the policy of Roosevelt California has
so strongly Indorsed.'
Shortly after his arrival here Flint
retired. He is not feeling well and
thought It best not to begin the fight
too strenuously.
THE THEATER* IK ICJUk jl
ALCAZAB—"OId Heidelberg." jj WL
CALIFORNIA—"Ton Yonson "
CQLtTMBIA—"SuItan of Sulu." ! L jflftlW
CENTRAL—"ChiId Slaves r; New eapflillliT^,
CHUTES—Vaudeville. " *
FISCHER'S —Vaudeville. Qljl jl iSBBB
GRAND —"The Darling of the Gods."
MAJESTIC —"Held by the Enemy." yy
ORPHEEM—Vaudeville. » »
TIVOLI—"Kins Dodo." Iff
Matinees at all theaters to-day. iLLL JUL 1
PRTGE FIVE CEXTS.
"I have not been able, on account of
my indisposition to look over the field"
as I would like to." said Flint, "before
committing myself to a statement.
However, everything- looks favorable.
To-morrow I will be able to tell better
just how the situation stands."
Senator Rowell is confident that the
so-called claims of organization sup
port are unfounded, and that the ac
tivity of certain railroad employes ap
parently in favor of certain candi
dates is unauthorized by railroad head
quarters, even if the railroad is going
to be yielded to the legislators of
the State in the matter or the selection
of a United States Senator.
BARD ALU THE TIME.
"Senator Bard will draw the largest
vote upon the first ballot," said Senator
Rowell, "and we hope that his frrends
will remain loyal to him, as they have
always done in the past, and as we feel
sure they will do on this occasion. We
are sure that from the first ballot on
Senator Bard's strength will increase
until he is re-elected to the office he
has filled with such credit to himself
and to the State. I do not think Sena
tor Bard will be here during the ses
sion of the Legislature, but I presume
that he will come to Sacramento if his
presence here is imperatively demand
ed. However, J do not anticipate that
his presence wfll be required here. Hit
friends will guard his interests well."
At a caucus of the San Francisco
delegation held to-night Assemblyman
George A. McGowan was selected chair
man. Assemblyman T. E. Atkinson was
first suggested to preside as chairman
of the delegation, but withdrew upon
what he says is assurance that a com
bination has been formed to place him
as Speaker pro tern, of the House. At
kinson Is apparently positive that he
will win this office, but the decree of a
caucus of thirty-three members of the
House representing widely scattered
sections of the State is against him.
Early in the day Assemblyman S. H.
Olmstead of San Rafael was talked of
for Speaker pro tern., but when he
heard that F. A. CromVell of Petaluma
was a candidate for the honor he with
drew. At the caucus George T. Rolley
was first mentioned for Speaker pro
tern., but he does not care to accept the
honor. Cromwell waa agreed on, and
to-night it looks like he will be elect
ed, the claim of Atkinson notwithstand
inK ' STEPPACHER'S FIGHT.
However, the desire of Atkinson to
bold the office of Speaker pro tern, has
seriously interfered with the candi
dacy of Steppacher for chief clerk of
the House. Atkinson's ambition is
centering too many favors in San Fran
cisco, and to-night the friends of Clio
Lloyd. who is battling for the office of
chief clerk, are confident that he will
win. Bteppacher. however, is also con
fident, so confident that he has sourned
every offer of compromise.
The Assembly will caucus to-morrow
morning at 9:30 o'clock and the mem
bers of the Senate will go into informal
session at 1L At noon both houses will
meet to organize. The Senate will be
Continued on FNt* *. Column i.2
Our Pure Food Sfidw
Will Open
February i
It will be the most complete and
magnificent of its kind ever held in
the West.
There Will Be "Something Doing" at Pragers
To-Morrow
Don't Miss It
We Inaugurate Our Third Annual
White Sale
Jo-Morrow
Undermuslins, embroideries and laces, table
. linens, bedding, wash goods and curtains in magnifi
cent assortment.
Bee Tuesday Morning*'* Papers for Announcement of Special*.
in the \l> ALWaYs RELIABLE popular
West w MARKETS fJONES STS shopp?rs
MURPHY AND GUARD JOLLY
ON THE ROAD TO RECOVERY
Convicts Wounded in Attempted Break
. Excepting Queyada and Kelly
Are Doing Well.
.SACRAMENTO, Jan. 1. — The
wounded convicts at Folsom are doing
surprisingly well and Finley and Car
son will probably recover. Queyada
Is in a bad way and Kelly is very likely
to lit Tb named are life
. 0......< statute of 1901
dly weapon by a
-life-tvrn X- couvk '„pon an officer is
iH capita' oTr'i b
H »*•••-.• ey Seymour an
> In ;i'>n accordingly to
If they survive
j rnor Pardee says
' u Jf its course. The
it: c rapidly recover
r irlll . be out.
CIRCULATING LIBRARY
FOR THE SIGHTLESS ONES
Embossed Books Will Be Sent to the
Blind of California From
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. I.—The Cali
fornia State Library is preparing to
©pen a free circulating library of em
bossed books for the blind of the State
of California. These books will be dis
tributed to individuals absolutely free
of:all expense, just as the traveling
libraries are now being sent to towns
without a public library.
Every one reading this communica
tion is requested to send to the State
librarian at Sacramento the names and
addresses of every blind person known
to them living in California, even if
they are doubtful as to the probability
of, their making use ef the books.
m
Palkard
\ t c Piano
Ik avVV Time ' and il is the
■W^i^' [f I? etcrmmat i°n of its
I 11 1 j Thc h ack * rd piano
°f our s P e c»al propo
sition, making it con-
II 931-933 MarKet Street, San Francisco.. dI
IRVINE BILKED
AT EVERY TURN
Vestrymen KefnW to Let
Signatures Remain on
the Talbot Presentment
» . _
HUNTINGDON, Pa.. Jan. I.—
Rev. Ingram N. \V. Irvine, the deposed
lector of St. John's Episcopal Church,
who arrived here from Philadelphia
last night and immediately sought se
clusion in the home of Vessley N. W.
Hillier, one of the men whose names
appear on the presentment of Bishop
Talbot, left for the East at noon to
day.
Dr. Irvine looked careworn and hag
gard. During his short visit he refused
to meet newspaper interviewers.
Dr. Irvine's unexpected departure to
day is viewed here as inexplicable,
alike by his friends and opponents. He
communicated with none of his former
vestrymen or parishioners, and denied
himself to all friends. It is generally
believed that the briefness of his visit
was due to his failure to influence the
vestrymen who have repudiated their
signatures on the presemnent to per
mit their names to remain on that pa
per.
It is understood that an effort was
made by Dr. Irvine to communicate
with John Langdon, one of the men
who repudiated the presentment, but
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 2, 1905.
TEN-YEAR
MARRIAGES
FOR KANSAS
Bill on Subject to
Be Presented to
Legislature.
Enecial Dispatch to The Call.
TOPEKA. Kans., Jan. I.—A bill mak
! ing marriages of limited length possible
j will be introduced in the Legislature,
i which will meet here next week, by F.
; Dumont Smith, State Senator from Ed
! wards County. Senator Smith says
• that he has been working on the bill
j for several days. He says that the
; agitation over limited marriages, which
| started in the East some time ago, has
set Kansas people to discussing the de
i sirability of legislation on the subject.
I "A law," said Senator Smith to-night,
j "limiting the length of marriage to ten
j years would be a blessing to many
| people. It would not provide for limit
| ing all the marriages in the State to
[ this term, but would make it possible
i to issue a license which should be bind
' Ing on the contracting parties only for
that length of time."
PROSPEROUS CONDITION
OF INSURANCE BUSINESS
President MeCall of the New York
Lire Reports on the
Year's Work.
« Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. I—The several
financial reviews indicate that 1904 has
! been a year of very great prosperity.
j The President's message, with its rec
; ommendations as to the tariff and con
trol of the public corporations, has
been very favorably commented upon
by the business interests, and no fear is
expressed that extreme opinions on
either side will prevail in Congressional
: enactment,
I The great corn and cotton crops have
i made the West and South prosperous
and comfortable, and the labor situa
tion in the manufacturing districts of
the North and East in most satisfac
i tory. The banking interests in all sec
tions report excellent results for the
year. ,
The insurance business, except for
the Baltimore fire, has never been more
prosperous. The life part of It Is mani
fested by the early report of the New
! York Life Company. President McCall
, states that the new year has produced
! the largest business ever reported by
\ any similar company. The policy hold
! ers are nearly 1,000,000 in number, and
the insurance in force approximates
$2,000,000,000 in amount.
The last quarter of the year added
nearly $130,000,000 of applications for
new insurance in a total exceeding
$500,000,000 for the year,
i The Company's policy reserve secu-
I rities include Government, State, mv
' nicipal and railroad bonds to the ex
tent of $290,000,000. No stocks of any
kind are held as investments, and no
bond in the list is in default of interest.
The company during the sixty years
of its existence has paid in claims to
j policy holders over $450,000,000.
The enormous exports of the fiscal
year, $1,460,829,000, and the advance or
, ders in the steel and iron trade all in
j dicate that 1905 will be a record year
• unless labor troubles, which are not
: looked for now, arise to change the sit
! uation.
I* *
I without success. When asked to-day
: whether he had seen Dr. Irinve, Lang
; don said:
i No, and I don't want to. He knows better
than to come to my house. 1 feel deeply
grieved at the publicity my name has been<
given and would gladly escape further an
: noyance. It seems that Irvine's sole purpose
jls to dtstroy the tranquillity of our parish.
I After Dr. Irvine's departure some of
i the details of his visit became known.
\ It was learned that Dr. Irvine and Hil
! lier had some differences over the tele
gram received by Miller, and that Dr.
Irvine left the Hillier house and spent
the night at the home of Miller.
After Dr. Irvine's arrival last night
Hillier called at the home of James
Denithorne and informed him that Dr.
Irvine would like to see him. Langdon
was present. Denithorne replied that if
Dr. Irvine wanted to see him he knew
where to find him. Dr. Irvine, he said
certainly owed him an explanation, but
he did not propose to hunt up the cler
gyman to get it.
During the conversation the Miller
| telegram was mentioned by Denithorne,
! and Hillier said that Dr. Irvine had in
formed him that he had not sent such
a message. Mr. Denithorne produced
the original telegram received by Mil
ler, which surprised Hillier. The latter
then returned home and had a warm
interview with Dr. Irvine, the outcome
of which was that the clergyman went
to the home of Miller.
The telegram in question was that al
leged to have been sent by Dr. Irvine
to Miller urging him to keep quiet and
the misrepresentations in the use of the
vestrymen's signatures would be sat
isfactorily explained.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. I.—There was
a growing feeling among clergymen
here to-night that the proceedings
brought by Dr. Irvine against Bishop
Talbot would fall through if the Hunt
ingdon vestrymen persisted in their re
pudiation of the signatures to the pre
sentment. It is believed that if the
Huntingdon men officially Inform Bish
op Tuttle, the presiding Bishop, that
they did not knowingly sign a present
ment the St. Louis prelate will official
ly dissolve the board.
NOTE TELLS THE STORY
OF A LIFE MISSPENT
Missive Left on Pier by Supposed
Suicide Contains Unheeded
Words of Advice.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. I—Mystery
surrounds the finding of a grip and
overcoat to-day on the Park
pier, and it is believed the owner com
mitted suicide by jumping into the sea,
or possibly fell in. Letters found in
the coat show it to be the property of
Frank J. Murray of Fort Collins, Colo.,
who left there to make Ocean Park his
home. Murray was seen walking on
the pier, without apparent aim, carry
ing the coat and valise, and nobody
saw him come to the shore.
In the valise was found a peculiar
letter, which may be the key to the
mystery. It is in the handwriting of a
young woman who signs herself
"Kate," and reads:
"Brace up and be a man, now that
you have gone to make a new start.
If you will lead a noble life you will
feel the better for it and mamma will
feel better."
Headaches From Colds.
LAXATIVE BROMO QUININE remove* the.
Cauae. To r«t the frenufne, call for rot! nam*
and look for signature ot E. W. Grove. 2S«, «
DR. CHADWICK
SEES HIS WIFE
IN PRISON CELL
Continued from Page 1, Column 4.
suit of which was said to have been
the instructing- of the two prisoneis
by Dawley as to their future public
action.
During the time of Dawley's pres
ence with them, both Dr. and Mis.
Chadwick gave way to their feelings
and Mrs. Chadwick wept aloud. Daw
ley was with them for an hour.
REALIZES HER DESOLATION.
When Chadwick arose to leave the
jail, Mrs. Chadwick apparently felt
more than ever before the desolation
of her position. She knew neither
that her husband was her champion
| and protector, nor that his sympathy
; for her had been swept away. She
| clung to him for a moment and
i again pleaded with him for
j his confidence. With tears in his
'■ eyes lie told her she had his confl
| dence until proof was produced to
i shatter it.
The doctor was dazed for a moment
! upon reaching the turnkey's room.
Emil Hoover had arrived at the jail,
j while Dr. Chadwick was with his wife
| and was awaiting his stepfather in the
i office. The father grabbed both hands
of the boy and searched his face a
i moment before speaking.
"Emil," slowly said the doctor. "It
has been a long time since I saw you.
i Many things have happened since
i then."
The boy made no response, and
they started to leave the jail.
| "Has your regard for Mrs. Chad
| wick changed since her ?" began
; began a questioner of Dr. Chadwick,
jas they were leaving the jail.
"I cannot say anything," interrupt
ied the physician. "You will have to
j talk with Mr. Dawley or Mr. Ker-
I ruish."
j "There will be no statement," said
| Dawley; "so you may as well let him
rest."
For permitting Dr. Chadwick to visit
his wife to-day Sheriff Barry may find
himself in trouble with the Federal
authorities. The visit was allowed
without a formal application to the
Federal authorities. Recently Federal
Judge Wing directed that no person
be allowed to see Mrs. Chadwick with
out a permit from the court or the
United States Marshal,
i■o , i *
SON OF BRIGHAM YOUNG
IN ROLE OF AN "ANGEL"
He Hacks a Theatrical Company ami
Is Sued by Choi 1 — Girls
for Salary.
NEW YORK, ( Jan. I.—John W.
Ycung, a promoter, the son of Brig
ham Young and the father of Hooper
Young, now serving a sentence for
murder, has been served with twenty
three summonses for back salary due
twenty-three chorus girls of "A China
Doll* company. The summonses were
served by one of the chorus girls.
1 Young is reputed to have been the
"angel" of the company. He was
served with the papers at the door of
his apartments in the Ansonia Hotel.
The summonses require him to appear
,in court next Friday morning at 9
' o'clock.
Young was one OjLthe promoters of
, the United States Shipbuilding trust.
Nevada Merchant Dead.
! NEVADA CITY, Jan. L—George C.
i Gaylor, one of the oldest and most
I prominent merchants here, passed
! away yesterday. He had resided here
1 thirty years. He conducted a grocery
; business and was also the owner of the
I Charonnat mine.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Equitable
Life Assurance Society
Of the United States.
HENRY B. HYDE, FOTTWDJS*.
120 Broadway, New York,
Preliminary Statement, Jan. Ist, 1905.
Outstanding Assurance, $1,500,000,000
Increase during 1904,190,000,000.
Income, ----- 78,000,000
Increase during 1904, 14,000,000.
Assets, ----- 410,000,000
Increase during 1904, $29,000,000.
Assurance Fund and
all other liabilities, 332,000,000
Surplus, ----- 78,000,000
Increase during 1904, $5,000,000.
Paid to Policyholders, 37,000,000
Increase during 1904, $2,000,000.
The Amount paid in Dividends to Policyholders was larger
than during any previous year in the Society's history.
James W. Alexander, President.
James H. Hyde, Vice-President.
Splendid opportunities for men of energy aad character to act as representatives.
.Write to GAGE E. TARBELL, 2nd Vice-President.
BULL, PONY
AND A PIG
AT PARTY
Millionaire Host at
Unique New Year
Reception.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. JOSEPH, Mich., Jan. I.—Richard
Crawford, the son of the late Chicago
millionaire, was host at a New Year's
reception last night at his summer
home in Royalton Heights. He made
a speech of welcome to his seventy
five guests at 12 o'clock from the back
of a Holstein bull, which stood sur
rounded by luxuriant furnishings, on
the oil stained floor of the reception
room.
Later in the night Crawford ushered
in a Poland China pig, a Jersey cow,
and a Texas pony. The pony was sad
dled in the reception room and ridden
of the house by one of the guests.
Crawford, who is well known in club
circles of Chicago, is a livestock fan
cier. He declared last night that his
bull was the finest specimen in the
State. He also runs a fashionable liv
ery stable in this city. The guests of
this remarkable party returned to their
homes in the early hours of the morn
ing.
HENEY CAUSES
HALL'S REMOVAL
Complains to President of
District Attorney's Fail
ure to Help in Prosecution
PORTLAND, Jan. I.—The report
printed yesterday that John H. Hall,
I nlted States District Attorney for
Oregon, had been absolutely removed
fiom his office by order of President
Roosevelt is substantiated by later re
ports from Washington and from in
dictments which have occurred here.
The beginning of the trouble dates
back, it seems, prior to the indictments
returned against S. A. D. Puter and
Mrs. Emma Watson, but did not be
come acute until after the recent trial
of the land frauds case.
It is said that George Sorenson was
one of the first causes that led to the
request of Heney that Hall be removed.
Sorenson was wanted badly as a wit
ness by the Government in the Puter-
Watson trial. He had, however, left
for the East and could not be located.
Heney asked that he be found, as his
evidence would have been material in
the completion of the Government's
case. No one seemed to know anything
of his whereabouts until about the close
of the case, when it is asserted Hall
said he thought he knew where Sor
enson could be found- ■ It is said that
later it was shown that Hall had been
in communication with Sorenson.
It is stated also that S. B. Ormsby
was to have made a confession last
spring, and that he failed to do so is
the white house
(Hah How) hHUMy U,
SALE
MUSLIN
UNDERWEAR
Greatly Reduced Prices
laid at the District Attorney's door.
Hall in reply says nothing. It is his
desire that Judgment be not passed
until the facts in the case are un
folded.
DEFENDS MITCHELL.
Senator Fulton Says Indictment of Col-
league Is Outrage.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 1. —Senator
Fulton of Oregon came to the defense
of Senator Mitchell to-night and de
clared the Indictment of his colleague
by the Grand Jury in Portland a gross
outrage. t He said no one had ever be
fore questioned Senator Mitchell's in
tegrity and that in the end the injus
tice of his treatment would be proved
and he would be completely cleared of
all complicity in the land fraud cases.
Fulton also corrected the impres
sion that United States District Attor
ney Hall, who was removed from office
by the President yesterday, was dis
missed because he was a frierid of
Senator Mitchell. Fulton said he stood
sponsor for Hall and that Mitchell was
especially strong in opposition to him.
PROJECTED REVOLUTION
IN COLOMBIA A FAILURE
Those at the Head of the Movement
Arrested and Placed In
Prison.
PANAMA, Jan. I.—Advices from
Colombia report that the projected
revolution has been unsuccessful and
that General Kelez and Oonzales "Va
lencia, who were at the head of the
movement, and others, have been im
prisoned.
Generals Uribe-Uribe, Lucas and
Cabellero have been appointed min
isters to Brazil, Argentina and Vene
zuela, respectively.
AUCTION SALES
fe% £a
Special Auction Sals of City's Horses
WEDNESDAY, January 4, at 11 a, m.. AR
CADE HORSE MARKET. 327 Sixth st. I
will sell a lot of City Horses used in Various
Departments of City; also 80 good young
Horses from country- Must be sold without re
serve or limit.
JOHN J. DQITtJB. Auctioneer.
Don't forget the big closing out sal* of
HORSES, WAGONS, SURREYS, all kinds of
rubber-tire buggies, carts, all kinds of harness,
TUESDAY, Jan. 3, 11 a. ro., .« 1140 FOLSOM
st. WM. CLOUQH, Auctioneer.
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. I.—The plague dls.
trlct in the Ural region has been cordoned by
Cossacks and the disease has been localised.
The mortality has rapidly decreased.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
4
The best and most convenient Foun
tain Pen made. Saves the fingers;
does not sweat nor drip.
Take Advantage of Our Special
LEATHER GOODS SALE
Shopping Bags and Peggy Bags
ONE-HALf PRICE
Buy One of My Htgh-Grad*
Pocket Knives
Prices Range from Jftl.OO Up.
Mail Orders Filled Promptly.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS, The Stationer,
1008 MARKET ST., Opp. Fifth. S. V.
Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
aT mk 6129 ki ar.m st. Esubiished
l* s * 'or the treatment of Private
■ Disease*, Lost Mantiorxi. Debility or
MMBassuimease wearlognn body and mind ami
■«kin Disease*. The Doctorenrfs when
■others fall. Try htm. Charges low.
■« are* guaranteed. Call or write.
Dr. J.F.«IBDO>, Han Frarvisco- CaL
f 1 . ■
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Steamers oft company, or
which It Is agent, leave
Piers 9 and 11, San Fran
cisco :
I For Ketchikan, Wrangel,
I Juneau, Treadwell, Haines.
Skaguay, etc.. Alaska —11 a.
m.. Jan. ft. 10. J6, 20. 2ft. 80,
Feb. 4. Change to this com
pany's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver, Port Townsend,
Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, South Belllngharn.
Btlllngham—ll a. m., Jan. ft, 10. 18. 20, 25. i>o,
Feb 4. Change at Seattle to this company* s
eteamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattl*
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:80
?. m., Jan. ft, 11. 17, 23, 2d, Feb. 4. Corona,
:30 p. m., Jan. 2, 8, 14, 20, 26, Feb. 1.
For Loa Angeles (via Port Dos Angelea and
Redondo), Ran Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles 'via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Crus, Mon
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo) Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m. Jan. 6, 14. 22, 30. Feb. 7.
Santa Crus (freight only), 9 a. m., Jan. 2,
10 18, 26.
For Ensenada, Magdaletsa Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Masatlan, AHata, La Pas, Santa Rosalia,
Guaymaa (Mez.), 10 a. m., 7th of each month.
For further information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TIOKXT OFFICES—4 New Montgom
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st., and Broad
way wharves. Freight Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUN ANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st, San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Sutter at., wUI
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 812.
Oceanlcs.s.eo. shm
8 S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney, Thurs., Jan. 12, 1906, 2 p. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA, tor Honolulu, Jan. 21, 11 am
B. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Feb. 7, 11 a.mv
LB.SFBECX£LSfc BROS. CO., AltS.,Ticlßt Dice 643 tv-
Kil Frelint Dice 327 Market si. Pier 7, Paclle st
OOMFaSHTI eMIKALS TRANSATLaHTIQUK.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE—PARIS. aaaj
Sailing every Thursday instead of «C< H
Saturday, at 10 a.m., from Pier 42.
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & 'X)., PacMc Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
For V. 8. Wavy Yard and ▼allele
Strs. General Friable, Montlcello and Arrow
9:46 a.m., 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m., 6 p.m., 8:30
p.m.; Sundays. 9:45 a.m., 12:30 noon. 6 p m..
8:80 p. m. Leave Vallejo, 7 a.m., 9 a.nu, 12:80
p.m., 3:15 p.m. (*5:45 p.m. Saturday), 8 p.m.
Sundays, 7 a.m., 9 a.m.. 3:20 p.m.. 6 p.m. pi er
2, foot Mission St.; phone Main 1508, HATCH.
; BROS. "">ALFONSO'S ENGAGEMENT
INTERESTS VATICAN
Question of Religion Involved
ROTAL COUPLB WHOSE ENGAGEMENT WAS RECENTLY REPORTED, AND IN
WHOSE APPROACHING MARRIAGE, BECAUSE OF THE QUESTIONS OF
RELIGION INVOLVED, THE VATICAN IS TAKING UNUSUAL INTEREST.
ROME, Jan. I.—Rumors of the con
templated marriage of King Alfonso to
Princess Victoria, the daughter of the
Duke of Connaught and niece of King
Edward VIL are being discussed from
a religious point of view at the Vatican.
It Is contended there that the British
laws, which are most positive on the
point of a change of religion by any
member of the royal house, would ren
der necessary the celebration of a
mixed marriage, after which the Prin
cess Victoria, being no longer a mem
ber of the British royal family, would
become a Catholic.
The Vatican, however, is most exact
ing regarding the marriage of Catholic
sovereigns, and does not like the idea
of marriage and conversion afterward.
It is stated, admitting that a marriage
between King Alfonso and Princess
Victoria is contemplated, that a solu
tion of question, so far as the Vati
can is concerned, may be found in the
AT>VLTtTISEME?»TS.
■ # Brand B
■ Evaporated ■
h Cream ■
|H always bears the above cap|H
label. It means the same mU
as telling you that we MM
back up its purity with aSB
j| $5,000 guarantee. 81
Made by the largest pro-■
ducers of Evaporated AA
Cream in the world.
4RUW
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
|ASTHMANOLA|
Is til* only ours for Nervous and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Druggist or at 898 HAIGHT ST.,
* San Francisco. Cat.
Weekly Ci $LQO piTear
decision of the Vatican rendered when
negotiations were opened looking to £
marriage between the present King of
Italy and the daughter of Edward VII.
ALL ARRANGED
FOR PEABODY
DENVER, Jan. I.—Announcement
was made to-day by the Republicans
that when the General Assembly con
venes in Joint session to canvass the
vote for State officers, as required by
the constitution, two sets of returns
will be presented from .Denver. The
majority report will show a plurality
of about 4000 for Adams, the Demo
cratic candidate for Governor. The
minority report will*set forth exten
sive election frauds and declare that
Governor Peabody carried this county
by a plurality sufficient to overcome
Adams' plurality of about 6000 in the
remainder of the State.
This minority report from Denver
will be supported by the full Repub
lican vote in the Legislature and the
certificate o{. election will be awarded
to Governor Peabody. He will be in
augurated as Governor for a second
term on January 10, the date set by
the constitution, assert the Repub
licans.
This line of action, according to the
view of the Republicans, will make
it necessary for the Democrats to
bring a contest if they should still
care to assert any claim to the Gov
ernorship.
Another announcement by the Re
publicans to-day is that the Senate
when called to order next Wednesday
will consist of twenty-one Republicans
and thirteen Democrats, with one va
cancy.
When the House convenes there will
be forty-seven Republican and eight
een Democratic Representatives. The
vote on joint ballot will be: Repub
licans 68, Democrats, 31.
United States Senator Thomas M.
Patterson, in an address to the people
of the State, has reiterated his decla
ration, made on several previous oc
casions, that he will not seek or ac
cept a re-election and has declared
that his purpose in remaining away
from Washington at this time is to
fight what he terms a conspiracy to
overthrow self-government in Colo
rado.
SEEKERS AFTER
THE TOGA ARE IN
SACRAMENTO
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
called to order by Lieutenant Governor
Anderson and the Rev. Dr. Miel, as
chaplain, will offer the prayer.
The Assembly will be called to order
by Clio Lloyd, who was chief clerk of
the last session, and the Rev. Charles
Van Norden will offer the prayer.
Judge E. C. Hart of this city has been
asked to administer the oaths to the
legislators and this function he %will
perform to-morrow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 2, 1905.
SAYS YOUNG
FIRED SHOT
IS THE CAB
Missing Witness ol
Tragedy Is Found
in Florida.
States That the Pacts Are
as Nan Patterson
Testified,
Asserts That He Made Known to Dis
trict Attorney Jerome What
. Ec Beheld.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Jan. I.—Fol
i lowing the published statement that W.
jB. Meyers, a prominent naval engi
j neering man of Jacksonville, had
stated that he had witnessed the shoot
; Ing of Caesar Young, the turfman, and
| Meyers' denial and assertion that (he
; was never in New York, it now devel
| ops that Algernon C. Meyers was in
i New York at the time and saw the
j shooting and that he has given his
! testimony to District Attorney Jerome.
Soon after the shooting it was re
; ported that Algernon Meyers witnessed
; the affair, and at the time an attempt
| was made to confirm the story. It
j could not be done in New York, be
j cause Meyers had left that city. It
1 could not be confirmed in Jacksonville
for the reason that Meyers' where
! abouts was not known to his mother,
i who lives here. Meyers had been liv
i ins at Delans, Fla.
The matter was drppoed without fur
j ther investigation until the story of
jW. B. Meyers' alleged connection with
: the case developed a few days ago. It
! was then that a correspondent ascer
tained the whereabouts of Algernon
; Meyers and asked him directly con
• cerning the matter. Tne following re
; ply was received:
I was in New York, witnessed the shooting,
i testified before Jerome, my testimony being
■ about the same as Nan Patterson's.
A. C. METERS.
Meyers, it is believed, is the man
i who, Martin Hazelton says, was stand
; ing beside him when he saw Caesar
Young shoot himself. The attorneys
! for Nan Patterson have be?n unable
ito locate this important wltnesss for
i the defense. Algernon Meyers is not
I related to W. B. Meyers.
CHRISTMAS TREE FIRE.—A Christmas
tree caught fire in the house of Frank Roach
at 16 Shotwell street last night. William Be
van, a guest, was burnt on the head and face.
He was sent to the Emergency Hospital for
treatment.
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
\m Friedmans Win the Biggest Carpet C| a
P Battle Ever Fought in San Francisco % 1L
I P• • n< * N° w * or the Clean-Up .. 1
v. Bring the measurements of your rooms. There will be thousands €flj —"\ iy\A^^Tf^^tLJ&
/ jh, and thousands of yards of Remnants thrown into this sale regardless of f ftp
| Ml j coat. The last roll of a pattern, or the last tan or twenty or thirty yards, tffl { jU6Z^^^^^<<^
-V /—v jjQ may be exactly what you need, and it's simply giving it away at, the US >* —-\ W / \ i^VR
/ jT j ' prices we are asking. Mattings, Linoleums and Odu Rugs also go into yg Q*'
f la $1 - 65 Axminster Carpets tl^7,t^ tt o{ S
jSj' trous colorings. Remnants of the very patterns that have made us ! pS '"
(ME 11 $1.00 Tapestry Brussels | 1
I tals In tasty designs. Bring your measurements. Remnant Taps, / ft
Si' «1 ?0 Rrusxpls Hi e lvei.ide Carpets. Remnantso! the best fm m , k
S ' PrUSSeiS w> A U odds and ends this %C f~, fsffl|^%P^^^
—8 I? lv Not sewed, laid nor lined at these prices. l| v_ rfkj^dP
65c Linoleums ™£*J~J!I2KIL 5* JIST" 2 V J *M«' « L* a
Blf« L M I'l Mattings, 30c to 50c t. «- „, . t , 0c | JWfV W *
"EECC|j I; $I ; 7 f,lf" Lino>eums '-'•"ti.tj lMmtKas 8b
KlEEElji jjjff k^* o or De,ft i.i i:i:::::::: $10 8l
Mjjg. Uce Curtains, One Pair Lots, Half Price G gJ J $| §
■ eAI- f fll II / I Swiss, Nottingham, Arabian, Brussels, Madras, \w / | §,«»?. £ 1 iA*- E M a -
'" J E BW V> Novelty and Irish Point % . Mm *Lm- R RS
' ? |||H VaIUM from $2,0 ° ,0 $2500 1 1m % * //| R f *'J g <£&
NEGOTIATIONS FOR PORT
ARTHUR'S SURRENDER
Staffs of Noqi and Stoessef Meet to Decide Upon Terms
Continued from Page 1, Cohlhin 3.
face of certain and ultimate destruc
tion."
For the first time since the siege
began the Nova Krai, whose sole aim
has been seemingly to inspire the gar
rison, betrays signs of the pathetic
hopelessness of even the most heroic
resistance. Discussing the battle of
203-Meter Hill, the Nova Krai says:
"The hill received on its breast the
hammering of SOO-pound shells, which
split even the rocks and went through
18-inch steel as through paper. Who
but Providence can pave us from these
thunderbolts? We do not expect the
Baltic fleet. We do not expect relief,
but we can fight till death.
"What Port Arthur goes through it
is impossible to describe, but Russia
will know what her sons have suffered.
It is past human genius to paint or
describe Port Arthur's sufferings as
they really are."
The fighting at 203-Meter Hill, ac
cording to the Nova Krai, lasted six
teen days until December 6, when
' death, v.hich had had no rest for six
teen days, ceased her work."
The only other mention of the Rus
sian fleet is an expression of the feeling
of helplessness that every one saw was
BOY'S CURIOSITY CAUSES
HIM PAINFUL INJURIES
Lad Wounded by Fragments of Dyna
mite Caps Thrown Into
Fire by Tramps.
NEVADA CITY. Jan. I.—Wallace
Porter, aged 15 years, was Injured in a
peculiar manner at Truckee yesterday.
While en route to the Truckee Lumber
Company's mills he was attracted by
a number of sharp explosions in a
large pit. He went to the edge of the
pit and was peering downward when
c.nother explosion occurred, and he was
struck about the head and face by
small pieces of brass-
The pieces of brass were the rem
nants of a number of dynamite caps
that had been thrown into a fire by
three boy tramps that were on the
other side of the pit out of Porter's
view. The tramps took to flight when
they saw the result of their sport.
Two Diplomats Are Honored.
LONDON, Jan. I.—The royal family
spent New Year's day quietly at Sand
ringham. The New Year honors were
few. Sir E. B. Monson, the retiring
Embassador at Paris, was given a
Baronetcy and the King will place a
residence in Richmond Park at his dis
posal on his retirement from the diplo
matic service. Sir Charles Hardinge,
the Embassador at St. Petersburg, was
decorated with the Grand Cross of St.
Michael and St. George. A number of
Indian officials were similarly honored.
From the religious point of -view,
the feature of the day was the extraor
dinary activity of revivalists, who
held stirring services in London and
elsewhere, enormous crowds displaying
the greatest fervor.
inevitable, as ship after ship suc
cumbed to the huge Japanese shells.
Yaegermeister Balashoff, according toi
the Nova Krai, held a conference with
the Japanese in reference to the protec
tion of the hospitals from the Japanese
shells. The conference resulted in the
making of the Red Cross flags larger
and also the painting of the exposed
sides of the hospitals.
REJOICING IN TOKIO.
Nogi's Message Sends Thrill of Pleas
ure Through Japan's Capital.
TOKIO, Jan. 2 (10:30 a. m.).—General
Nogi's telegram announcing that Gen
eral Stoessel was prepared to discuss
terms of capitulation reached Tokio
early this morning, but was not made
public until 10 o'clock. Its receipt sent
a thrill of pleasure through the circle
of officials who have long awaited such
a communication. The news is just
reaching the general public and it is
expected that the day will bring ample
evidences of popular joy.
Except the barest announcement of
the receipt of General Noel's telegram,
nothing is known about the terms or
conditions proposed. The fall of Wan
tai, popularly known as Signal Hill.
FRIEND OF THE RUSSIAN
POPULACE IS DEPOSED
Czar Nicholas Said to Have Accepted
the Resignation of Prince
Sviatopolk-Mirsky.
LONDON, Jan. 2.—A dispatch to
the Standard from St. Petersburg says
it is reported with great positiveness
there and in Moscow that the resigna
tion of Prince Sviatopolk-Mirsky as
Minister of the Interior has* been ac
cepted by the Czar. It is expected
that a reactionary will be appointed
to succeed him, possibly General*
Kleigels, at present Governor of Kieff,
Pcdolia and Volhynla.
Lindequist May Not Accept.
BERLIN, Jan. I.—On account of the
reported determination of the German
Government to separate the civil from
the military government of Southwest
Africa, Herr yon Llndequist, Consul
General at Cape Town, who was select
ed to succeed Colonel Leutweln, prob
ably will refuse to accept the Gov
ernorship. Herr yon Llndequist be
lieves that complete authority is essen
tial to the success of the administra
tion.
AGED CARDINAL DIES.
Langlneux of Rheimg Passes Away in
Eighty-first Year.
RHEIMS, Jan. I.—Cardinal Bene
dict Marry Langineaux. Archbishop of
Rheims, is dead. He was 80 years of
age.
Some men are stupider than they
look and some look stupider than they
are.
following the loss of Rlhlung. Sungshu.
"H" fort and new Panlung, is regard
ed here as a clear indication that the
Port Arthur garrison has lost its power
of serious resistance.
It is probable that the back of the
Russian defense was broken when 203-
Meter Hill was captured. The Rus
sians desperately sought to retake that
eminence and sent infantry and ma
rines against it in a series of futile
counter attacks.
BLOCKADE LIVES DIMINISHED.
Port of Dalny May Be Opened to For
eign Shipping.
TOKIO, Jan. L —A proclamation,
signed by Admiral Togo, which was
Issued to-day, diminishes the lines of
the Port Arthur blockade. The new
line of blockade commences at the
south head of Talien Bay and runs
northwesterly, clearing Dalny, to tho
south head of Society Bay. All the
Liaoti peninsula westward of this lino
is included in the blockade. The nar
rowing of the line is evidently intend
ed to open Dalny to foreign shipping,
but for the present only those vassels
having special permission are admit
ted. The new line of blockade was
made effective to-day.
IMMENSE POWER PLANT
BUILT IN SIX MONTHS
Corporation Carries out its Promise
to Furnish Electricity to Eureka
New Year's Day.
REDDING, Jan. I.—The great power
plant of the North Mountain Power
Company at Junction City, Trinity
County, is now completed. It will fur
nish power and light to Eureka and
other places in Humboldt County.
Ground for the plant was broken on
July 10 last. The company promised
when it commenced its great under
taking that it would deliver electricity
in Eureka on New Year's day.
Builders' Contracts.
Golden Gate Construction Company (owners)
with Henry Haustein (contractor), architects
Schulze & Brown—Artificial stone sidewalks,
sidewalk. Illuminating tile sidewalk, trap doors
and skid for a five-story and basement brick
warehouse and factory building on 8 oorner
of Howard and Spear etreet, SE 137:3 by SW
K}7:C; $2686 50.
Same owners with Roebling Construction
Company of New Jersey (contractors), archi
tects same—Fireproof partition for same on
same: $1650.
♦ Union Trust Company of Ban Francisco
(owners) with John G. Sutton & Co. (contract
ors), architect Clinton Day—Boilers, pumps,
oil tanks, etc., for addition to present build
ing on E line of Montgomery street, 62:6 N of
Post, N 50, E 87:6. 8 25. W 25, S 25, "W 62:6;
$3470.
Edward H. and Kate C. Perry (owners) with
Cordell & Beach (contractors), architect Oliver
Everett—All work except plumbing, gas and
electric fixtures for addition of four-story fram«
building In rear of present three-story building
at 112 C Howard street; $8850.
Estate of Louisa Borella (by Rosalie Didler,
administratrix) (owner) with Paclflo Coast
Building and Repair Company (contract
ors), architects P. Rlghetti and H. Kuhl—All
alterations and additions except plumbing and
painting and electric work for a three-story
frame building on N line of Howard street,
between Seventh and Eighth, 1183 Howard;
$3155.
p
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B.KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO
Adjoining Call Building.
This Store Will Be Closed
All Day To-Day, Monday. I
We give Free Premium Checks
with all purchases (except Special
Sale Shoes). Ask for our free
Premium Checks. Ton can ex
change them for elegant presents
and beautiful hcmse furnishings. »
ALWAYS THE BEST
FOR THE LEAST MONEY.
THAT'S WHY WE'RE BUSY
Why is the Philadelphia Shoe
Company always the busiest store
in the city? Because our system
of doing business is a money-sav
ing system to our customers. With
our low rent and enormous busi
ness we can sell the best Footwear
made at the lowest prices. Glvt,
us a trial. Join our thousands of
satisfied customers and be con
vinced that this is the best money
savlng store for you to deal at.
I A NEW STYLE on special sale
this week: Ladies' One-Strap
Patent Leather Sandals, made on
the "Peggy from Paris" last, with
hand-turned soles, neat bow orna
ments on vamp and high French
heels. Sizes 2% to 7 ft. PRICE '
REDUCED FOR THIS OCCASION
TO 51.30
BOX CALF LACE
5 Will wear well: specially adapt
ed for this season of the year:
Children's and Misses' Box Calf
Lace Shoe, made with durable
double extension fair-stitched
soles, coin toes and tips and dull
mat kid tops. Widths C to EE.
Child's sizes, 7 to 8, spring heels
j 85c
Child's sizes, Bft to 11, spring
' heels !>."»«•
Misses' sizes, 11% to 2, spring
heels 81.20
Young Ladles' sizes, 2% to 5%.
low school heels 51.40
Ma^^l'^
RUBBER HEEL JULIETS
Made for perfect ease and solid
comfort: Ladies' Fine Vici Kid
Hand-Turned Juliets, with com
fortable toes and noiseless rubber
heels. Sure relief for tender feet;
no breaking in required. GREAT
LY REDUCED SALE PRICE
«1.45
Sixes 2Va to ». Widths B to EE.
BOYS' BOX CALF LACE
WATERPROOF SOLES
The manufacturer did not ship
these goods on time and allowed
us a big reduction on the original
cost. This is YOUR GAIN, as we
?lace the lot on sale at less than
actory price. Youths' and Boys'
Box Calf Lace, with viscolized
waterproof triple extension sewed
soles. The best wearing winter
Shoe made.
Youths' sizes, 12 to 2 $1.45
Boys' sizes, 2% to 5% i 1.55
!* HAIL ORDERS FILLED.
B. KATSCHINSKI
10 THIRD ST.. San Francisco.
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
31S Montgomery Street.
Capital paid ip $ 600,000
Dlfldends paid to depositors. 1,656,226
CHAS. CARPY. President.
ARTHUR LEGALLET, Vice President.
LEON BOCQUERAZ, Secretary.
JOHN GINTY. Asst. Secretary.
DIRECTORS:
Dr. E. Artlguex, Cbas. Carpy, Leon Kauffmnn.
O. Bozlo. J. B. Clot. A. Roos,
Leon Bocqueras, J. M. Dupas, A. Legalist,
J. A. Bergerot. J. S. Godeau. J. J. Mack.
Interest paid on deposits. Loane made on
Real Estate and approved securities.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA
• tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic tor the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNK, Agents.
82S Market St., S. F.—(Send for Circulars.)
Afßv ■■a\ I ■*% Ammunition, Hunting and
■■■ 181 ■ ■ Sporting goods. Largest
1 IH| stock. Lowest prices. Send
IVI llVaj v for catalogue.
SHREVE & BARBER CO.,
738 Market st. and 621
Kearny st.
34
li i> These prices to consumers, not to dealers. , Adjusting
H Morn/ng a# /fa#f.Pas# E/gH# , £[ ZTZ «
sZ t among them dbson 70 . A That this business shall be increased 20 per cent during 1905. It is already the greatest retail business west of the dollar.
Books, Art Books, Books 111 LH * Chicago, the natural result of our modern and liberal business methods. To get the great increase we aim for stocks odd sizes and colors of
of Reference, Travel, His- are go j ng t0 te improved still more; store service is going to be better; increased volume of business will me n decreased s s%^^t^^fSi
tory, Medical, Scj-oi, Fie- p r j ces Tor our p a t r ons; our money-back protection will still be yours; our liberal free deliveries in the country will be extended if conditions wiil " 35t quire, now jcperquire.
permit; in fact, we are going to make shopping here so pleasant, so profitable, that you will do the bulk of "your buying in the Emporium. This Envelopes, 5 c package.
f> "' p month we are adjusting stocks to the new condition by making extraordinary price concessions on broken and surplus lots. o— •
A January Shirt Sale Remarkable "Stock Adjusting''Prices ™**f ******** w Jj* or
" Stock Adjustment" Household, Hotel and Restaurant Supplies millinery j^3alfcj
Men's Furnishings California's most important annual sale of linens, towels, blankets, com- I Department revea s a number ot attrac-
In addition to every forters, bedspreads, sheets, pillow cases, muslins, flannels, etc., begins tive and st^lUh vvinter hats 9tiU be
l k l i > r • —" " disposed of. To insure their immediate V
snort lot ana eveiy Tuesday and will again splendidly demonstrate the unsurpassed resources sale we have marked them at new price* v^R%oW(i^St;: %^inf
f l--m overstock in men s and — ; ~ — : — which mean . saving of ■ $1 . 00 each on > V
/mmAX % M\A *A \ b ° yS furnlsn,n g S ' we °L our mammoth domestic departments. Many of these items cannot be the cheapest ones, up to $ 2 0.00 on \
/ SIMnX \ offer an irT ] mens f lot bought-by dealers at the prices we quote. the very finest that were produced for S^SjT
... AfMUWUIIIii \ 0 f shirts, the balance —— - wimer .904-5. with three fail
SO± ' :1 Of the season's Output Sa/a Sheets ° 9 PIUOW Cases month, of wear before yon it will /TT..^^r^K
1 of various Styles from .100 dozen bleached sheets, soft finished Frultof 500 dozen bleached pillow cases » urel J r not be extravagance to bay /( | VjS%*s
•• j several large factories, muslin, size 81x90; a good wearing spc_ fhe Loom heavy, soft undressed muslin 45x36 mother hat at price, like the*: f r
cities W> ~'i at . astonishingly low sheet, for .. . : +UC Muslin inches, each .' .o c $15.00 to $25.00 styles, now $5.00
• V ' ' prices—prices that in Unbleached Sheets -Heavy quality, size W $7 50 to $12.00 Styles, now. $4.00
many instances WOUld uood values 60c each . 460 7&C Yard 8 00 dozen bleached cases, 14c grade, SS $2 50
: Jt: not pay for the material Finish Sheets-Extra strong JVW sold to 45x36 inches, each fOo jrS *tvl™nW . 90c
...v- v.€. - * _ 0 sheeting, worth 65c each, cheaper than dealers at this *4*40 Styles, now
'• : ''' * *•£/ busing muslin and making yourself, , 1000 dozen pillow cases, the regular 15c $ 1.25 Styles, now oOC
i# KAyC ft bg thC big^eSt at tne sa]e P rice s2C £ 0 values, size 45x36 inches, each . 110 Children's and Misses' $1.95 an-J $2.75 Trimmed Felt Hats...sBc
I V3PMlfl4>'' | single of m»n'; and Blankets* $1.75 Untrlmmed Felt Shapes 28c
L i *7Ai Jbo shirt<s^v>>rm;,q - west Cnm nrters Table Linens Flannels 35c to 75c Pompons, now isc
.afCiiiawro. We guarantee Snreads At Cut Prices Ginghams ~ _ "I 1
Wool 72x82 Bleached Table Damadc _ A KOoJ Wa AdJUSt/tig S^IO
\V •. were made to sell for ex- inches, for double beds, a limited heavy quality every day cloth, ss 6000 Yards Tennis Flannels-Good weight, CurißlHS Bitti DrBBBfIBS
l**.-: ts" : -• . : .*vj3 ictlv the nrices we state quantity of good $6 values inches wide, marked for the stock gooJ assortment of patterns, and a good WiW.fWwpw ** ** "~ f J
fc T: J. > .. , A ' f that has slight manufacturer s adjusting sale, yard ~22c all round oc value, for the £92 ' I A golden opportunity for thrifty housewives and
V- '■' \-.S Ihe men s shirts and lur- nnrU-pii for the , I ■ * m%—ms & rr , , ,
N^v^-^r-^ nisnings on sale | 0 main S* a £S Mercerized Table Damask-A 63 stock adjusting sale, yard .. hotel keep ers, a hundred and one short lots and sur-
aisle and in department; adjustng ;s g8 urm. F,.„ M ,ette,-For wrap- plus sto cks at greatly reduced prices to effect imme
the boys in the Juvenile Department, second floor- „ , Mm , , , D, , 7 pret , ty des, « ns « for tms sale "Jg; P** dresses, waists, etc, figures and lU =» 3 " fe '
Colored Woolen Blankets—Broken lots yard 54c stripes, medium and dark col- £* diate clearance.
Men's Shtrls-In all sizes in iolid red. of various shade, and red .tripes in 2ray , brovvn an d navy, that German Damask Cloths - Ei*ht ors, a choice 10c value, for yard Novelty Lace Curtains—Rich and effective designs!
on.y, separate cuffs, worth $\. 00 and $1.50 each, but a. there are omy also show slight manufacturer's quarter size, hemstitched. re K u- Cream Wool Flannels «,id« «™nd it • cs «o
the one color in this lot we have marked them for the stock OJS*m imperfections, marked about half larly $1.35. for $1.08 ZZlt lh S « Th ° SC that Were $2 7 5 "° W$
- ZSC regular va.ues-for this sale, per German DamMk ht . a ." d fin, . Sh ; » Th ° SC that WCre $3 -°°' "° W
Men's Solt Bosom Shirts-Neat .tripe, and figure., ra ! r '''1' ' ' \' ' the four-quarter size, entirely new Cream Wool Fl.nnei.-Nearly a yard wide, Those that were $3.75 pair, now $2.50
M sepame cv" value, for ...... 50c Sttd 55C f' 2 * dcsi * ns ' worth ™> for this all wool, and extra 40c value, $7 -°°' $7 ' s °' $8 -°° a " d $8 " 50 StyleSss ' 2s
M,c .„ n Tn „„ f fi „„„,i 2-28 $2,/;) for this sal?, yard 28c Nottingham Lace Curtains— Ecru and white, that were 75c,
anil 69C ttml fjSJS ™ f '" y W """" S P """*'- NkC and $1.50 the pair.marked for the stock adjustment.
d ° uD ' e^ edslze f: bdl^ ren I t ? m 1 " ' WO colors, striped effects for kimonas, also SSt* flUe
Men's Mcixerized $1.50 Undcrwcar-In pink .tripes, for thi. sale all of them with good white cot- Turkey Red Cloths-The 7.«?c.ei«ht plain cream wool flannels, 50c __ . , ~ 7?' v a uZ
garment 93c ton tilling, and silkohne coverings: quarter size 580 f or this sale yard 36c Nottingham Lace Curtains —hcru and w r hite, rich curtains, for
u..i. CnmeU Hafr underwear-Perfect fittine ti co garments for f 1 ' 00 Va J UeS ' ll° H f mmed L j nen f Naptans-With red 56 . |nth Wool FUnnel-Very heavy, dark merl y 2 's° and 75, this Sale $1.98
Mens Camels Hair Underwear—rertect ntting, garments, tor $1.25 values, each 88c borders, fine for hotel and restau- . c, r ... . 7 rnn nair«; fine Madras Curtains—Formerly $1 00 and $ten in
thi. .a.c. each 97c $! values each $118 rant use, 20x20 inches, worth $1.00 colors, for sh.rts and underwear (scar- 100 pairs fine Madras Curtains formerly $1.00 and tn
Rka's Ties-Fancy shield formerly Boys'Stocking.-Black ribbed, good value WfiT.- the dozen, 200 dozen to KO at Mfl f IT t / 78 °
2 5 c,now .77 .9o at 25 c the P *r, sale price a pairs. 2So $2.00 values, each $1.58 780 larly 75C for this sale, yard .. ODa Oriental Mantel Drapes—Fast colors, now, each
Men's Cashmere Half Hose-In natural Boys' Sweater. — Fancy all-wool, iworth great Bedspread Sale —Five different Henuped linen Napkins —$1.10
Checked Ginghams soco yards I JS C an( j c
B t , '. s ir h ,/ or m i,WlC ; 'k-; '/ 75 ° grades of these, and every one as above. 4ot ihis sale of apron checked ginghams, good as- Embroici e r ed Art Cushion Slips-In the Art Nouveau effects,
teet, »5c and 35c vames, now pair . fZO Boys Overall. - Blue and white stnpes, in f . f.. • aT fh _ dozen Ac9o SOrtment and good value at 7c, Cf--. , r
Men's Half Hose- Lisle, in red polka dots small sizes only, 50c values, to clok ou: 01 tnem lull values at tne regU- for this sale yard now, each 42c
and red stripes only, worth » S c the pair, to at IQo hU prices: Hemmed Linen Napkins—The $X.2S lOf lnlS Sa,e ' y arQ ' ajr a r» M «— —~ « T Of. „„ 1
da, .. P . 5. Bo Boy.'Su.psnder._isc value, . . 85c Crochet Spreads 63c as above - fof * hi » Towels Vcl ° Ur M& T tCI 111011 appearance, were $1.85 and $27^
M«n'» Gloves-Kid and dogskin, si zes 7 , Boy.'Teck»-a S c values for. .. . f*;o $i.oo Crochet Spreads... 78c en 9So .chut 1 now> each 9**99
1* " d 1 ml ?> in,te,d of ~c 4 J'-2 Boy.' Bows-Both band ,nd shield, 25c $1 25 Crochet Spreads .98c Bleached Damask Napkins-Ger- £ c 5 t T \T7 x J "° Tapestry Table Covers—Handsome effects for the library and
B.nrßow.'-Bi'.ck '50' c each, 2 " i _2 $'-75 Crochet Spreads. 38 4 20c Huck .* :: : Ybo sitting room, formerly $2.50 and $3.50, now, each. . .$i.35
160 m^J^A**!*- na * f $jg $3.50 Marseilles Spreads.s2.6B 30c Hemstitched Huck Tow.i. 2 30 Velvet Velour Cushion Covers-With burnt leather appliqued
Men. Su.p«nder.~socralu e ,,pair..2so g , SMt . ts _ Sl[ ff bosorni , stripes Flannel Robes-Assorted colors and Irish Linen Naokins-A very eood 11'u^JV'tZl 9 * 3 ?' '' ' 2tc designs, each $2.50
Men. Wool Sweater. — Navy, maroon, and figured effecTs <oc and rcc n«>' designs suitable for hath rnhes Napkins—a very K ood 2 5c Bleached Turkish Towels—Fringed, 21 x , , ', *T .- . . * - ±
black, oxford and combination color., | a .oo n a ured ertects, s oc and 75 c va ue designs suitaoie tor Datn robes satin damask, ■34 inches square. 48 inches each tBc Table 011 Cloth— Fine enamel finish, reduced from 25c yard
value, for. . . . . 050 Boys' Turkish Bath Robe,: . S ize. for H and wra PP ers > * L7B valu J s - jjis refular i y $3 . 50 , dozen, for this 30c Bleached TurkUh Towel.-Extra values, to ISO
Men's 50c Four-ln-H.nd. and Teck.-AVa/ 16 years, * 3 .00 to f4,00 value,, for thi, Sa,G „ . ' 9 * m ** sale W.SS 20x50 inches, each 230 fnftn vard _ gtai _ qj, cl<Jth ftt „ veg - caroet >, sa i e nr : f .
*«o sale?each .. . .7. . . $I.SS Cotton filanKcts-Large size, gray Iri sh Linen Napkins-A very good Cra,h Toweling-le-inch colored border, 1000 btair UU Uloth (it saves the carpet), sale price,
Men. Half Ho,e- 7S c fancy imported 370 striped effects, for wrappers and wea ring quality and an extra good WniuTn r C K aS v' ya L d 60 yard *• 7 °
Men. 15c Initial Handkerchief. . . 9o Goods in this column tn Ju- nightgowns, values, for value at $2.25 a dozen, for this tS^Tl^^.♦sX. Cottage Curtain Poles—White enameled, with polished ends and
Men', 10c Initial Handkerchief, 7o venile Department, second floor. this sale $1.28 sale $1.78 ?nt yard . ... brackets, complete sets for 80
Toilßt Preparations—Cut Prices 25c and 35c Embroideries 16c Stock Adjusting Sale
:: :f% Stock Adjusting Sale in the Grocery Dep't
\ \ V:: : : 7 7 % \% S3 SS£ S£: :: : : '%% ln f^ v ? an K ds of y? rds flI ? e cambric embroideries, from Tbc itme r of ltocks h taking place in this dcptrtment M h all other iec
2 oc size Eastman's Bath Powder 80 35c values Hair Brushes |7 0 lOtOlOincheS Wide, WOrked in the neW blind and openWorl< rifhh" ,
a3;t.;:™.;: :::::: %i jyatfjStss:-.; ■.•.■.:•. 11l desi g ns - such asheart > leat - floral andscro " pattems-verypretty tillXu.h... b «.«dnc.diapri«ftom, {MS o P «r««. .ndbe gi ß Di . g
aoc size Allen's Tooth Powder Qo 25c box Kirk's Miiton Soap 12' O embroideries suitable for skirt flounces, Children's dresses, and JUSt the 1 Tuesday will be found on sale on special sales tables and counters in the grocery section
i s c si«e good whisk Broom, 8o thing for making corset covers—stock adjusting sale price, yard . . . m%M Cr Housekeepers and restaurant proprietor, .hould investigate thi. sale.
"Stock Adjusting " Sale Carpets and Furniture—Sweeping Reductions
Many single pieces and sets of the finest kinds oj furniture have been radically reduced from our regular prices, by our stock adjuster, for this great January
sale. Few stores carry such beautiful and elaborate pieces as these are, and we will guarantee that our regular prices are 20 per cent less than those of the lowest
priced store among them. Therefore you will in many instances get these magnificent pieces for a little more than half the prices ordinarily asked. Besides the
assortments of desirable high grade carpets enumerated below we offer all of our Persian rugs and fur rugs with heads, at one-half off.
4(r Carpet Dep't January Reductions dT^^
f)/f^ llf 1 A stoclc adjusting sale of carpets to close out all short lines and surplus / i C
lir— ~ — =::: *1 Ifr /a s t° c^s previous to the arrival of the spring styles in carpets now being purchased IrT Tg| I vT '(1 <
Iff Jy by our buyer in the East. The goods offered in this sale are perfect in every II I I ij. 1! MJ I
.»._ ? . jl[ J)i ll N ''* wav desiraD ' e patterns from the leading mills. A wide variety of styles to P .'" '.v^-^^^^^^^^
I ' P "^"2^"" •^•^ —' " r Bring ihe size of your room with you. If we have a short length that alf fcO , IPlllll^B
'• f 'fWrr i ——rTf * s will exactly fiil your wants you will make an additional saving. 11l »i. 1 "T"* ffflff s&^jtl'iJpr^
WtWaWjßr U.ll ,A 10-Wire Tapestry Brussels-Best qualitie, from two of the lead.ng mills; a generous variety of Qa» f| Jj I J : " 'M I Wi| ' \VP ' B
' '/f jj!) ) I '^^s!^^^Sg > *4 patterns for parlor,, chamber*, dining rooms, halls and stair,; regularly $i.oo and Ji. 10 the n(I S 1 jj' ||' |||V ,'',' l • J \ \,^^ a '^^ji
Kw/fei>""~~~- WHton Velvet Carpt/i-In OrienUl and floral patterns, suitable for parlors, dining rooms, halls and stairs; regu- i 1 '
\f pp* f* i ijjtitff'h jJr ' afts=i^^ s * < x'lJiff 1 "^\vfs^ Sr ' ifll '* 10 '° l ' stoc ' c adjusting sale, sewed, lined and laid BSO W •
& »g \(f S '^ R Wool Velvet C •^P et, - Bett make »> heav y J 2 '. in P arlor . dinin K IOOXD > haH " nd » uir P*«erns; also rug patterns, A* 4g% g% $12? OO full-size Rrass ried nr»«r «fl„
f * $1.»5 the yard values, for this sale, sewed, lined and laid #•(#(# lUII Size Crass r>en nOW $82.50
This 4-piece Solid Mahogany Bedroom Suit, was $495.00, Body Brussels Carpets—Best 5-frame, leading makes, Extra Wilton Velvet Carpets—Best quality, soft, Extension Table now .$89.50
reduced for this sale to $300.00 dozens of choice styles, in lengths of 20 to 50 yards, heavy p n e , i n designs appropriate for rugs, parlors, * 106 -°° Italian L^ at ]j cr Upholstered Chair $82.50
$200.00 pair Brass Twin beds now; $137.50 formerly $1.20 to $1.50 a yard, now, g* f fig* dining-rooms and halls, instead of $1.65 and $1.85 f 0 ' 00 on, . a Chiffonier now .$43-50
$160.00 Elegant Brass Bed now $90.00 sewed ' lmed and laid ' for the yard, for this sale, sewed, lined *f JA m ' 2 ' S ° Col ° mal DreSSCr t0 match Chiffonier $52. 5 0
$95.00 Handsome Brass Bed now , $75.00 Extra Axminster Carpets—Two well-known makes, and laid $135.00 Mahogany Parlor Suit now $85.00
$460.00 Inlaid Mahogany Bedroom Suit $300.00 hi S h g rade > beautiful two-tone, floral and Oriental f,.Planus. Ttf."' -Hit* •sn t 2 -SO Mahogany Parlor Suit now $128.50
$U Solid MahogW Dresser now £05.00 % >££> { T'°°
$xcx3.oo Colonial style Mahogany Chiffonier $78.50 S iined 2d laid 91*25 floor W square yard .... $1*25 ° ak ™ C '
$142.50 Birdseye Maple Bedroom $125.00 $100.00 Golden Oak China Cabinet now $83.50
$85.00 Solid Mahogany Dressing Tables now $68.00 i 1 V $100.00 3-section Antwerp Bookcase $78.50
$16.50 Weathered Oak Arm Rocker now $11.10 j All • ;TJjJ 'i $1 5 0 00 3-section Mahogany Carved Bookcase... .$llO.OO
$32.50 Divan, handsome and comfortable $27.50 f\l* f JL *m * ; grettl UwU b tL*World's Ii $100.00 Golden Oak Extension Table now $78.50
$57.50 Pianola Cabinet now $50.00 Ctrravc Jm// C? f*%/\Y Mfi Mmm J G«ate« #a,batitudon or Trunk !; $127.50 Full Mirror Back China Cabinet $n 2 co
$300.00 Solid Mahogany hand-carved Hall Rack. .$2x5.00 \ \ $148.00 Mahogany Colonial Sideboard .s^ s 'oo
$120.00 Antwerp Oak Hall Rack now $87.50 f 1A ;n.■ I Ml 7 ■■ " m *<> daily thu $ lotto ° Golde n Oak Sideboard now
$100.00 Old English Library fable $78.50 : A TAl* Illr ; CALIFORNIA S LARGEST- M Jin our Attraction Hail, second <t T ?-nr. Full R MCC w«m v 5
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, MONDAY, JANUARY 2. 1905.These prices to consumers, not to dealers. I
3ft! Stock WdjiistinoSwl/&S 1
o_ I—i Begins Tuesday Morning at Half' Past Eight j ° froute ° ur ° pt '° n ' [ |
We have set a new mark for 1905. We want to increase this already great business 20 per cent. To do this we must have as nearly perfect stocks as possible; \
varieties must be greater than ever; every article must be new and up-to-date; we must have what the people want, when they want it and at the lowest possible price. It **
is to put our stocks into as nearly a perfect condition as possible to begin the New Year, that this "Stock Adjusting Sale" has been planned. Amazing reductions have been ;
made in prices that were the lowest in San Francisco—eductions to close out at once a wide variety of merchandise. It is the most important sale ever planned by California's
largest, America's grandest shopping place. Extra salespeople; extra wrapping service; extra deliveries.
Stock Adjustment in the Cloak Dep't Stock Adjustment in Musi in wear Dep't. |
Produces These Remarkable Bargains Discloses a Multitude of Short Lines f
Enormoes gains have been made in our cloak and suit sales To these we have added enormous purchases m%l.
durin S th> P aSt Year ' The Iar S e business done has forced US to made months especially for our gr-.it J3&fe, ?
jf fl ,hiuß*mr carry a much larger stock thin usual, so necessarily Jmuarv tinds 7~~ ~~ "— , wl^^* J 2
M if LI - tU j < . ... , , , . , ~- .-, , January event in muslin undergarments. i\ j — *
■ > - j us with thousands of garments which must be sold before the close : \\. /r* V £&Esk
'li of this season. There are seme overstocked lines and mmy broken And so, to-morrow begins the \ / k S V JW3
afcrov\\ sizes. In repricing these goods for quick clear- matchless underwear offerings await- (\ *i eC\ « iz 1
fwn |V\ J anCe C ° st HaS been ignored ' ed each year more and more by San If \%P*°sr 'vWhtfr |
\ i ' Read These Wonderful Coat Offerings b Francisco's closest and most correct I 1
li, i g ; * : : B Misses' $7.50 JacKets—Tan Kersey, season's These are all garments lor \ |
// • 7j^Lr ,; '^J •'' v ' ; 'B d ; ys and very cheap'at regular price; store has ever offered at special sale — / / '• I
//-MriMJ'* 'Hlf IJ?M stock-adjustment price $4.35 produced by the best manufacturer WSf I 'll 1 I ?
///•/ I>VS|J|. i / / j*%'hl AM Women's and Misses' Thrcc-Qvartcr Coats—Black of popular priced underwear in the HJJ ' | ?
II ml IIM Cw' / \ and mixtures, loose belted backs, velvet col- United States. They have nothing W\ m \wW \ fflTxM ' W
LLS ■ i Ulll HI i If/i lars, were ready sellers at $7.50 and $9 50; m common with the undersized, im l 1 I if-., m MW
I » I|S 1 vl/\ stock-adjustment price $4.85 properly made, showy garments that It/ \ Mv^^^p^/1 ' I X
>/f f 'l crts, kerseys, broadcloths and cheviots. The best muslins^and 0 Nainsooks, the trimmings ;?
f.Jt'Jlmm'i I I Vi former price mark and the superior styles either blind or open embroideries or Vai, ;|
WJffl JWif/| J. 1-t'li) ■« s »HraMalaW anc | materials tell the story of surpassing torchon or good Point de Paris laces. jc
>/vA" (I.'/. 1/ ' ValUeS We give- during thiS StOCk-adjllSt- 75 do*. Corset Corer., each fOO 20 dot. finer Gowas, each ««0 *««. Women* Drawer,, each 2fO J
ment Sale at . $7m50 8 * doz - Co:,lt Coren ' »<> « *«. *»-<>o ralue Goww 690 50 doz. Women. Drawer., each 290 '?
Other Coat Bargains Misses'and Women's Suits Reduced. 290 '5 <*<>*. imogowm, each 70c 10 <*<«• womm-s Drawee go od matemi, we i «
Every three-quarter mixture coat, many rain coats and some velvet 60 doz. Corwt Cover., each 390 30 doz ' f x -5 0 Ta!ue Gowns QQO made, extra sizes, each 37C «
coats that were ?i=. 5 0, $,4.50 and <i 6 . 50, Stock-adjustment reductions on hundreds of suits that:will hurry skirts worth to >f for 7a doz iri Drawerl ■ J9 *
" ow - ... . .mVmOU them out of our hands and into yours during the next few days. The 4°<w CoTera, each S 3c . o do, Drawer, worth up to s, „ «#« *
a.?o"S assortment includes the newest effects, long and short coat suits; - d " c ™< «eh 7Jo w °^"7; , - s % fcrP * 5 " ' a, ° ?
TbtU"ce ,8 of S :„r $ ;i 5 blouse and Eton suits; mixtures, broadcloth, cheviots, velvets and silks. «- Co~e c-ra, ~ca 83c Mill Women's Ghomlses - woth s oc, |
coats $ $| 7 . 5 0 VsIIUCS 3t ..$7.50 " Corset Cover., each Mo S kim worth u P to $ 3 '»S! '. !!! ! . 3f"»5 7 5 c, $LOC up to each, now marked
i«rSC«?Ljr nJ*LZ!m»Z $,8 50 » $20.00 and $22.50 values at. 510.85 0do " wdl - ma,3e Gowt "' each ff; skirt » ™* »p«»<4-95 $2.98 3So, S3o, Slo 9 97c, $1.27 J
somfffthfrTf ZXJSSVSSSL br oUg ht $25.00, $27.50 and $30.00 values at. $14.50 ~ " Z~ ~ " — mm ~ :!
to San Francisco this year are included in the* sweeping reductions. $32 50, $35.00 and $37. 50 V dIUCS at $18.50 MJ' mf% ftfiflffi \MM WOP sffc f HTlfc Tl II IT IfAff «
53 d°; 0 chSe/ 415 ° Crepe $25.00 $40.00, $42.50 and $45.00 values at. $25.00 l# WW*MJf DGMOWW kTMCMBM A^kV > M&G \
$35.00 4 .A» t of our lots of corsets, irrespective of make, model or value, go on sale |
-Sfiirrr crepe de $45.00 Theusands of Waists Radically Reduced J"™* S Stock , a^ ustin 8 per i d ? P ri( * s that wiH P ositivel y astoi^ sh y° u - There is 1
{1 !io^ 15 ° oEvet :s7s.oo Flannels, veilings, cashmeres, mohairs and lawns " 0t an l d f °[ SOlled numb ? r in the lot » and at an V P nce we vote we have y° ur size *«
|,4o.ooa„d f , s o.coEven-i ttfi oriced Ilk-- this • Genuine whale-bone filled imported Coutil or bro- O OK White » drab or b,ack corsets ' re B" ,a ''ly *
ingG.wns* .... $95.00 ;1 ,' , , ; 00 _ . A- cade corsets, regularly $10, '7.50 and $6, now . » J O and now A # # 5
a on c~ _ 50c and 65c waists 290 $2 45t0 $3 25 wa sts $1.78 / If 1 |
A $150.00 78C to $1.18 waists SBo „ Cor * ts ~ ln or black, good models A a.,* 5
<--,o $125 to $1.50 waists 87c $3 50 to $5.00 waists • $2.45 that are regularly r"4.CO and -5.00, now .. . . Ail of our short corsets, in pink, blue and J
■ ''Evening Coat, now. io S3S $1.65 10 $2 25 waists . $1.15 $5.50 to $6.75 waists $3.45 c A i f r^r\n n » n * n *u , 4i a v k-. drab, and many other models in black ji
T, ? , * , Self-reducing and other popular models—drab, white, #AS and drab, that were regu- 2
. / 'era lions on any of the above garments will <v extra. black, regularly 52.50 to 53.50, now l larly £1.00, now .... \J ?
Talre Advantage of the Shoe Department Stock Adjustment and Save Much Money f
w w I
' leather Louis XV heel, patent leather tip? and ' sizes z}£ to regu- heels, lace .hoes, regu- ent colt or vici kid, sizes vici Kid, tne pa.oo Kind, bMt calf lace shoe?, 111 sizes
$1.78 ;;7«» i: $2.8Q r 2 ' fa |
Parents Will Eageny Participate in the Juvenile I A/# Previous Bargains Men's Clothing \
Whether you dresff will h!m7 EollpSOtt bjf StOCk AtljUStlng Sale PHGeS j
someiy to read this section of our advertisement and join the throng Every style of Suits and Overcoats that has been sold down to a few and lines that ?
of economists that you will find buying these goods all this week in we are overstocked with because of the delayed cold weather have been knifed for a quick '5
our big second floor, juvenile secti ns. jgm&gkto fmi?h ' You ' ve never b °U2ht clothing cheaper and we dm't believe you ever will. i
misses' Coats at Half Children's Reefers Men's Suits that were $10.00 to $15.00—A small lot Mens Suits that were $10.00 and $i2. 5 0-Styiish |
chree of cheVoT°.ad -In S£ " r ges, Cloths and CheVlOtS, 1 J|||B|| 0 f Cutaway, frOCk and Sack SUitS, in black and sack suits, in a large variety of good patterns, also I
mixtures, in r e d, blue, tan and green-long coats 10 . na , VV ' Dr ° Wn 01 " red » nOW BfiBSuSMB? mixtures, Sizes 35 tO 40, for this S ° me *" bUIC a " d blaCk * SizCS 33 t0 42 (a Cat many
and jackets, for any size girl, now marked marked." 1 ' ' &JS 75 t^lern large men of 40 and 42 _ „ %
$zi.cocoa:ssfo.so $16. so co*u $8.28 A!i $4 50 to $5.50 Styles .. . $1.90 // j i S3 chest measure), wonderful bargains at fl£7» ZO J
$9.25 $m.oo coats $5.50 A! 1 $2.85 to $ 4 styles.... sl.4o \_Men's Coats and Vests that were $7.50 to $18.00- J
coats All $1.65 to $2.50 styles 980 Wf Cutaway, frocks and sacks, in black Thibets jT\ 5
Sample Line Spring Styles Cresses ]R / V and diagonals, also some mixtures; "PjP i
For children 2to 3 years old, white lawns and S$T H \i sizes 34 to 42; all at $4:75 :
(ttiyJttK French nainsooks and colored organdies, ging- M . C - AA . (IflAn c ,... c . ~ , , , . .. mWlffi s*&
\ \Y\h\ z-phvrs and wash cheviots-French dresses, Mother Hubbard, Mens $15.00 to $20.00 Suits-Stylish and dressy sack suits, ifefol ?
Mil r (\\ \\ Buster Browns, and numer-ous other styles, many of the garments suit- of fine worsted and cheviots, in handsome mixtures, §UZmM T l I
rh>3tSX/ cJii o 0 f|A aDle for both girls and boys, marked for this sale sizes 33 to 48, another great chance for large men to get *
liilln) \Jb mW) Dresses, regularly j 5 .00 for .. . $3.33 Dresset, regularly $t.oo for .. . $1.34 a fine suit—glorious bargains these at -rVt> Wr 5
\ \jf I V / Dresses, regalarly $4.50 for .. . $3.00 Dressei, regularly $1.50 for .. . $1.00 <£Q 'Tftiß i ' :
WM M ) Broken lines of misses'and girls' Buster Brownu sailor and other style Mcn » s Overcoats that were $15.00-Blue and black Kersey ?
II Besses that were $5.7, to $12.50 $2.87 to $6.25. splendid materials, well made garments and plenty '
111 IT 1 Boys' Norfolk Boys' Long Pants Suits r-s,ze. i 3 to 0 f all s i ze s from 35 to 48 reduced for J
F\ # i\ cheviot, 7to 14, fit equally a» well as the '5 years oa,y. a sma.i lot of $10.00 sty ; es, OI dll Sizes UOm „10 tO, reQUCea tor tnis V ■, rr'--m,- '' I
\A >0 better suits, tor this sale only . . $2.C0 mostly black, cut in half to dose . $smoo Sale tO 7«P , 'I • i; J
Boys' 2-niece Suits- -In naw blue and Boys' 50c Ifnee Pants—a } »««from fflp|iKr'-. ; *
many broken lines ot mixtures in brown and 3to 16, excepting 8 and 9, mostly dark colors, Men's OverCOatS that WerC $2250 and $25.00—Mostly the
higher priced ones, too, and a big lot of these fine gar- « |
CP T\ Boys' Russian Coals-®*™ 75 0W Fne n H ' ft I
S fr&z) to 8 years, navy b.ue, olive or ox'ord # ~ hl "^ n Tm' d "w SOo Thlbet » in Wack and Oxford gray, best linings and mak- JpS |i m m i
t <kT/ » gray 'r» by warmc ° at5 ' f ° rthissalc * 2 '°° $1.50 to $3.00 Sailor Caps-A ings, neat sumptuous garments, at less than S g| ?
V') n S --°"- ha r ve BC ve!vet ° f $tyi " Buitabie ,or cuher boys °^ 8 ' the cost of making alone, n0w............ $13.75 W W \
\ coiiars, materials heavy oxford gray and nobby *. ' * a ma- * • A - _ .
■ \ P :aid s , great bargain at the stock-adjustment fOVS' TT 7 SIOCiV AdjUStlUff Sale Men's HafS I
j A P $3.00 tfofß™ Xj/J £/ -m* # • Soft Hats in Fedora st y!e, either bound or raw edges, flat crowns, with %
M M Boys' Covert Top Goats—l* «'«» »' Bound « raw /I -a# rolling or flat brims and Dunlap Crusher style, in brown, black, nutrias and «
i/ 1 iff? '7 v.-, m.rked ha : pnce to cose $2.50 edge, pearl,. „v- *t JC m^O^WT #M M pearls. J
VI/ \fl );1 Ji Boys' OverCOatS —$7 So and :.8. 50 triasand .tee! col- M£ fL*^%a~SM r\„u v * t vi ' v j .. 2
i L\ navy biue and oxford gray com, sizes 6 o r.,regui.riv9 s c, TT| 11 Til Imi ii »ii \ i Derby Hats—ln black, browns and tans, all widths of I
|\ VJ to «3 years on'y, for the stock-adjusting ?a'e . jn. 3s and sa.oo, ,A brims and heights of crowns, our regular $2.00, $2.35, $3.00, tf# SmS *
tl $4.75 "".-680 GRANDEST STORE $3-35 and $4.00 values (mostly S3.dK) hats), on special sale, now |
11 1 ■ mi mi 1 linn. 1 111 mn 11 — ■■!«■ ■■ i ■ mm m , _ m^—m i iluii ■■—■immiii—i ■■ inn i imimiimm ■ hwimmiiiiii .ill 11 . i n i nit
*W«WA°« *%fW* '*m W*A* W**t***%t**t'* mm** '*%r<*r*\i\ **** >t)smil«lt )tlsrWsn«)C mmmm *-<**m mWXmmm ****** ttrttttflttc*** )»>irtf IDDDiIaM mrn-tmrnmit*** m-***>
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 2, 1905.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
PRECAUTIONS TAKEN
LEST KINIRY ESCAPE
Jailers Will Not Allow Unknown
Visitors to See Him, *'
Fear Prisoners Pals Plan His Escape
. OAKLAND, Jan I.—Fearful that an
attempt may be made to rescue David j
Kiniry, who is awaiting trial for the
murder of Policeman James H. Smith, )
his jailers at the County J.iil havej
.• tr.ken special precautions against ad
mission of any person to see the pris- j
oner who is not known to his custo- |
dians. The rule has been made that J
persons applying for entrance to the '
jail after nightiall shall not be re
ceived unless they are properly identi
fied.
Night Jailer Percy White has seen
suspicious appearing men hanging
about the jail, and has expressed him
self as satisfied that there is something j
wrong.
< 'oncerninc his suspicions White said
to-day that he had made up his mind
that hot a loophole would be left open |
for a possible escape or rescue of
Kiniry. He added:
Not a man see Kiniry after nightfall. !
"If he has any pa's that might be ]yin»; around j
for chance to get tstufT into the jail or to got at
hits, in any way they will b.- baffled. 1 don't like !
ttv- looks ft things and have taken care that j
nothing shall go wrong. Of course. 1 am not
prepared tn put my hand on anything specific,
but in . !<.sing down tightly on this man 1
shall frol Fafer.
White has been on his guard for
• months against possible attempts at
■• rescue of prisoners, because of the ex
' posing and frustrating of a plot that
was hatched in the jail by George J.
Dunbar and John Smith, desperate ex
convicts who had been convicted of
burglary. Dunbar, who had served
; seven terms in State penitentiaries, had
.been sentenced to twenty-five years'
imprisonment at San Quentin, and was
taken there a few days before his pal
STRIKES ROCKS
AND IS INJURED
Steamship Lakme, Lumber
Laden. Meets With Disaster!
at Mouth of Humboldt Bay
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EUREKA, Jan. 1 —The Charles Nel
son Company's steamship Lakme, Cap- j
tain Carlson, bound for San Pedro j
from Eureka, struck on the north jetty :
-.at .the entrance to Humboldt Bay at
I .o'clock this morning and had a nar- !
row escape from total destruction. The '
buoy at the entrance had shifted and i
to this fact is due the disaster.
. The vessel, which carried a full car
go of lumber, struck upon the rocks at
the end of the north jetty. Her rudder
post and rudder were carried away, the
wheel MM injured and a large
. hole torn in the bottom. The vessei
*• being unmanageable drifted across the |
entrance to the bay and would have
'• gone or the north jetty and become a
- total loss, but the anchor was dropped
and she was kept off the rocks.
Distress signals attracted the life
••aving station officials, who telephoned
to Eureka for a tugboat, and then hur
ride to the distressed ship in the life
.. boats. Meanwhile big breakers carried
away the deck cargo and the vessel ]
..-.became waterlogged. The captain and ;
crew were in great danger as seas ;
were constantly breaking over the I
•steamship. The tug Ranger and the
" life savers arrived in good time and
.' •the tug got a line to the Lakme, but I
■ the hawser parted as soon as a strain I
• .'was put on it. With great difficulty
-a. second line was made fast to the i
vessel and a second pull moved the ,
."Lakme and got her out of danger.
NEW CRUISER CHATTANOOGA
MAKES SPEED REQUIREMENT
'•• On Second Trial She Exceeds Contract
of Sixteen and a Half
Knots.
•' 'NEWPORT, R. L, Jan. I.—The pro- j
tected cruiser Chattanooga completed
her two days' gpaed trial to-day, aver
• aging between 16.1 and 16.;i75 knots per
hour over the measured mile course
' in Narragansett Bay yesterday and
. 16:605 knots per hour in a four hours'
'speed run off shore to-day. The Chat
tanooga was built to make 16.5 knots
• per hour.
The measured mile test yesterday
was over the bay course off James
• town, where torpedo boats are tested,
and the Chattanooga went over the
course many times, finishing late last
night.
. .Shortly before noon to-day the crui
ser started out of the bay for a four
• hours' speed trial from Brenton Reef
lightship, during which she averaged
above her designed speed, making
16.605 knots per hour.
To-morrow the Chattanooga will
start on her final trip, an endurance
run of 24 hours, during which she will
fire her guns singly and in broadsides,
be run in a seaway and put thnough
. her paces generally.
NERVOUS DISORDERS
Inchidc all affect ions of the brain spinal
• • cord and nerves; they embrace head i
• troubles, such as Dizziness, Dullness I
•Headache. Fits, Blues, Melancholy and
• Insanity.
Also, Backache, Neuralgia, St Vitus'
Dance, Epilepsy, and all disorders aris
ing from a weakness of the nerves of
iany organ or part, as Weak Lungs
.Heart, Stomach, Kidney, Bladder, etc '
The nerves furnish energy that keeps
In motion every organ of the bod v.
If you have any of these ailments
your nerves are affected, and you need
Or. miles'
Restorative Nervine
Because it reconstructs worn-out nerve
'. tissue, is a refreshing, revitalizing, tonic
food-medicine, prepared especially to re
build the worn-out nerves.
"My son. when 11 years old, had epi
lepsy; could not attend school. Following
the failure of physicians to cure him, we
gave Dr. Miles' Nervine, and Nerve and
Liver Pills. In ten months he regained
perfect health." —J. 8. WILSON, Dep. Co.
Clerk, Dallas Co., Mo.
■ The flrs» bottle will benefit if not, the
druggist will return your money.
Smith was sentenced. About that time
White overheard Smith say: "They'll
never get me to San Quentin."
The prisoner was taken out of hia
cell, stripped and his clothing and cell
furniture were searched. In a carefully
hidden spot was bruught to light a
package of red pepper. White believes
the stuff was to be thrown in the jail
er's eyes when the time came for the
break. He connects a visit of two men
to the jail at 2:30 o'clock in the morn
ing with the plot. One of the callers
demanded to be let in to examine the
rogues' gallery of criminals' photo
graphs. White went on:
'I'll.- man didn't look right and his answer
that he was a private detective did not suit
me. After I refused him admission he and his
« .mpanlon departed. I saw them go up the
Street, and suddenly there was a noise of
some thins falling on the jail roof. I looked
out an'l saw a man run across the street from
the coiner of Fourth and Washington streets,
just below the Jail entrance, and th*n another
man stepped out from the shadow on the oppo
site corner.
Suspecting something was wrong. I went Into
the jail and surprised Smith in his cell stand
ing up and fully dressed. To my demand for
an explanation why he should be up and
dressed at that hour in the morning he made
a reply that did not at all settle my suspi
cions. On the roof Jailer Harry '"lurk and my
self found a tin can. I am satisfied it was
thrown there as a signal to Smith and that
he had a s<iuad of pals who were making ready
for a rescue.
The jailer believes his refusal to al
low his early morninp visitor to enter
the jail office spoiled the scheme. Smith
was subsequently sent to San Quentin
for twenty years.
Dunbar was captured by Patrolman
Cockerton after a pistol right, having
entered rooms in the Windsor Hotel.
Smith escaped at the time, but was ar
rested later in San Francisco.
WILL EXTEND
IONE RAILROAD
Promoters Plan to Build
Line From Sutter Creek
Into the Lumber Kegions
Special Dis-pat.-h to The Call.
SUTTER CREEK, Jan. 1 —The lone
and Eastern Railway Company is to
extend its line from Sutter Creek back
into the timber regions. This company
is now constructing a line from the
terminus of the Southern Pacific at
lone to the mining towns of Sutter
Creek and Jackson. The line is more
than half completed, and will be in
operation soon.
Since construction began on the lone
and Eastern road, D. A. McCall, a
prominent citizen of lone, has asso
ciated with him the Holt Bros, of the
Holt Manufacturing Company of
Stockton and, to all appearances, the
A. B. & A. L. Stone Company of Oak
land, foj' the purpose of building a rail
toad from the mining towns back into
the timber regions. This project also
tarries with it the operating of saw
mills and a general wood and lumber
business.
While McCall and his associates were
engaged in examining the route Jack
son Dennis, the general manager of the
lone and Eastern road, ordered his en
gineers to commence vie survey for his
road, and he has stated that ground
will be broken in a very short time.
When Dennis applied for a franchise
he also secured a franchise allowing
him to construct a railway in any part
of the county.
The Dennis line is to run from Sutter
Hill, a point near Sutter Creek, as di
rect as possible, past Pine Grove and
Volcano to where fine timber abounds.
To Amador County the construction
of this road is of vast importance.
When completed and in operation it
will give employment to more than one
thousand men. As it is at present the
imjn«nse amount of lumber and timber
of all kinds needed for the mines is
shipped up from San Francisco. When
this railroad is completed such will
not be the case, for there are vast
quantities of timber back in the moun
tains which ran be used in the mines
and furnished at a price less than what
Is charged in San Francisco-
The compan*/ will also develop the
vast deposits of tine maple known to
exist in the vicinity of Volcano, twelve
miles from Sutter Creek.
J. Sparrow Smith, a Sacramento
banke'-. proposes to build an electric
line from Sacramento to Sutter Creek,
past Elk Grove and through the rich
valley of the Cosumnes River. The in
centive for this road is the construction
of the lone and Eastern Railroad.
When this road is completed from lone
the large amount of business which
now goes to Sacramento will, naturally
enough, go to Stockton, and the people
of Sacramento wish to put a stop to
this.
An application for a franchise has
already been made to the Sacramento
County Suoervisors by Smith.
The people of Amador County are in
deed highly elated over the building of
two railroads and the prospects of a
third.
Carry the News to Roosevelt.
During the dying months of the old
year the census of the Mission was
notably increased and the honor of
the Police Department magnified.
Four healthy, bouncing babies were
added to the households of Policemen
William King and Tim Connell of Cap
tain Anderson's command. King
astonished the members of the force
when he announced that he was the
proud father of a boy and a girl, twin
babies. Tim Connell heard the an
nouncement, but said not one word un
til the week ending the old year, when
he walked into the station and per
mitted his comrades to congratulate
him on being on all fours with King.
The staff at once proceeded to make
up a purse which was invested in du
plicate presents for the little strangers.
Who will be next? is the query that
now presents itself to the married
members of the police force.
WILL. TELL OF RUSSIAN LIFE.—ALA
MEDA. Jan. I.—Colonel A. M. Lochwitsky.
formerly of the Rust-lan csvalry, will lecture
on "The Social and Political Life of Russia"
before the Unitarian Club next Wednesday
night. He Is an Independent speaker and bis
utterances while in this country, hs claims,
have not mat with the approval of the Gov
ernment of his native land.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, JANUARY 2, 1905.
BULLETS SING
OVER SLEEPERS
Fugitive Missiles Imperil
Lives of Man and His Wife
While They Are in Slumber
POLICE INVESTIGATION
Free Shooting at Early Morn
Leads to Finding of Two
Leaden Balls in a Dwelling
Oakland Office San Francsco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. L
The crashing: of pullets through their
bedroom at 2 o'clock this morning
awoke Mr. and Mrs. O. H. Peterson of
721 Market street. Whence came the
leaden missiles, one of which plowed
across the slumbering couple's bed and
lodged behind them in the wall, the
police to-day have been trying; to ascer
tain.
Mrs. Peterson was first awakened by
the bullets' sound, one shot following
another, until three explosions had
been heard. She aroused her husband
and they made a hurried Investigation.
The first bullet, one of large caliber,
had plowed through the rear of the
house, and was found in the wall. An
other ball, smaller than the one in the
bedroom, was stopped by an awning
over a porch at the back of the house.
No bullet was found to correspond with
the third shot fired.
Peterson reported the occurrence to
Police Captain Wilson, saying:
I cannot explain why we should have been
made targets for a pistol. We have no ene
mies that I know of and are on the best of
terms with our neighbors. The shots were
fired into the house, that is a certainty, and
the bullet that came lrto the bedroom showed
by the point of entrance and place where it
lodged we were in range as we slept.
The police are not sure whether the
shooting was done maliciously or by
some careless celebrator of the new
year's advent. Peterson takes the less
bothersome theory that an overjoyous
citizen made belated and unceremo
nious use of dangerously loaded weap
ons. The different sizes of the bullets
show that more than one pistol was
fired.
READY TO STOP
LAWSON'S RAID
Financiers Form Plans to
Meet His Attack on the
Market Expected Tuesday
Special Dispatch to Hie Call.
BOSTON. Jan. I.—lt was learned to
day that plans have been made by the
Standard Oil-Amalgamated Copper
group of financiers, which Thomas W.
Lawson calls "the system," to balk his
next attack upon Amalgamated Cop
per and other stocks of the Standard
Oil group, which he has announced for
next Tuesday. Lawson stated that he
wouTd have another big advertisement
in Tuesday morning's papers, and the
big Wall street group, taking him at
his word, has fixed up a deal to defeat
his scheme and pour millions into the
market to bolster up the stock in a
way that will discredit him forever, if
possible, by preventing any serious
break.
Proof that Lawson is feared as a dan
gerous enemy through his ability to
spoil plans for a rise in prices was seen
yesterday in the way "the system"
rushed to the support of "Amalgamated,
which it is believed is to be the object
cf his attack.
United States Steel and Rock Island
are understood to be weak points, and
the financiers responsible for the mar
keting of these stocks were busy all
day yesterday planing to repel the ex
pected attack on Tuesday. It is under
stood that J. P. Morgan has instructed
his brokers to protect United States
Steel from going ,to smash at the cost
of his entire fortune if necessary,
though it is not believed that he will
interfere if there are only small reces
sions in prices.
This public announcement of Law
son's intended move took away the
breath of veteran operators and has left
them with the uneasy feeling that he
may break out in some other unexpect
ed stock.
PERSONAL.
H. A. B. Gill of Fresno is at the St.
Francis.
W. A. Long, an oilman of Hanford,
is at the Lick.
Colonel D. H. Bryant of San Joss
is at the Grand.
Joseph D. Biddle of Hanford is regis
tered at the Grand.
Dr. L. S. Hughes, U. S. A., Is regis
tered at the Occidental.
W. R. Bacon of Los Angeles regis
tered yesterday at the Palace.
W. W. Butterfleld of Beaumont,
Texas, is staying at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas R. Shepard of
Seattle are among the latest arrivals
at the Palace.
Thomas A. Stewart of Portland, Or.,
Is at the Lick. He expects to return
north to-morrow night.
J. S. Sullivan, chief inspector of the
Southern Pacific Company, returned
yesterday from a southern trip and is
staying at the St. Francis.
B. F. Hutton, a well-known young
banker of New York, arrived at the
St. Francis yesterday. He is here in
connection with the affairs of the local
branch of his bank.
Their Hats Betrayed Them.
Through the sagacity of Policemen
Cornelius and Mitchell four crap play
ers were caught Saturday night as a
result of their own foolishness in
claiming their head gear. The patrol
men surprised the "sports" shooting
craps at Linden avenue and Buchanan
street under a street lamp. On the
approach of the police the quartet
broke and ran, leaving their hats be
hind. These trophies were seized and
taken to police headquarters with in
structions to hold the claimants should
they call to redeem their headgear.
This ruse worked to a charm. Book
ing Clerk Young invited each hat
claimant to fit the "tile" to his heal
before leaving the City Hall Police
Station. This the fellows did and
were then promptly booked on the
charge of shooting craps. Their names
were registered in the following or
der: Peter Enright, V. L. McPhun,
Thomas MeDermot and John Roach.
CLERK LOSES
MONTH'S WAGE
Southern Pacific Employe Is
Relieved of His Salary
by Two Daring Footpads
BERKELEY THUGS BUSY
W. H. Bishop Encounters
Desperadoes While on His
Way Home at Midnight
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Jan. 1.
One month's salary, amounting to
$90, earned by W. H. Bishop, has gone
to swell the purses of two footpads,
for whom Marshal Kerns of Berkeley
has searched during the last twenty
four hours in vain. Bishop, who is a
clerk in the Southern Pacific freight
office in San Francisco, was held up
and robbed last night at about 12
o'clock on Ashby avenue, near Ellis,
in South Berkeley.
The revelry in San Francisco on
New Year's eve detained Bishop until
much later than his usual hour tor
returning to his home at 1527 Mason
street, in Berkeley. He was alone when
he left the train at Ashby-avenue sta
tion. A few blocks from the railroad
he met on Ashby avenue the two foot
pads, who relieved him of the greater
part of his month's salary.
"I thought they were joking at
first," said Bishop, "when they called
to me to throw up my hands. 1 sup
posed probably they were New Year's
eve roysterers and I hurried on past
them, or tried to. They called again,
however, and one seized me, holding a
pistol close to my face. They were
masked and from their nervousness I
judge they were not veteran criminals.
They did not touch my watch or any
other article 1 wore, seeming to be
content with the money—my monthly
salary—they took from me. When
they had taken the gold they ordered
me to walk fast for a block and not to
turn around under penalty of being
shot. I obeyed and when I did turn
around they hrd disappeared."
SCOTCH FOLK
FILL THE KIRK
St. Andrew's Society Meets
in Large Body to Worship
on the New Year's Night
There was a great gathering of
Scotch-born folk at the service at the
First Presbyterian Church last night.
It was under the iuspices of St. An
drew's Society. The Rev. "William Kirk
Guthrie preached the sermon, and the
beautiful singing was under the direc
tion of Otto Fleissner, the organist and
choir director.
The Rev. Mr. Guthrie said in part:
Among all the gatherings of the Scotch peo
ple tn SBn Francisco It has seemed fitting to
some of us that there is one place, at all
events, where once a year they should meet
together, and that Is tn the kirk, which has
occupied such a conspicuous place in Scottish
life and history. Wt know that the influence
and position of Scotchmen In the affairs of
the world to-day they owe mainly to that
curly training which brouxht them up to that
iwisition which, to quote the words of John
Knox, "They fear God so much that they fear
nought else."
Every country has its patron saint—the
saint of England. St. C.eorge; St. Imvid of
Wales; St. Patrick of Ireland.
Bt. Andrew was one of the first apostles of
our Lord. We 'earn most about him from the
cosp'l of St. John.
When Jesus had returned from the tempta
tion he was pointed out to his followers by
John the Baptist as the Lamb of God. At
once Andrew, drawn by some majesty in his
presence, left John and followed him.
Scotland has done much for the world in the
way of bringing men to Jesus. The work be-
Eun so long ago has been carried forward to
our own day. and whose heart does not thrill
with pride as he recalls the life and work of
Morrison and Burns In China, of Alexander
Duff in India, of Moffatt. Livingston and Pat
ton. MacKenzie and MaoKay in Africa? And
our glory shall lie i' we, too, shall be found to
be following St. Andrew as faithfully as ha
followed Christ.
SERVICES IN ART GALLERY.
Evangelical Lutheran Chnrch Choir
Renders Beautiful Music.
Impressive services were held last
night in the Art Gallery of the Me
chanics' Pavilion by the Evangelical
Lutheran Church. A large chorus un
der the direction of Carl Sawvell ren
dered a beautiful programme. Ser
vices will be held in this hall by Evan
gelical Lutheran Church on Sunday
evenings.
The chorus contained about fifty
voices and the solemn music given
rang out with melody. A large gath
ering of worshipers joined in two of
the selections.
Rev. E. Nelander preached. He
used for his subject, "Which Church,
If Any?" In part he said:
We have just entered the sates of the new
year. The cradle of 1905 is being rocked on
the grave of 11)04. The new year to us Is yet
a child of duty and promise. There Is no real
difference between these days and any other
days. The sea bears no traces of the equa
torial belt, yet the marines know when they
are crossing the line and remember It to the
day of their death. While compliments of the
year are exchanged and salutations heard on
every side, the churches of Christ also salute
you. The church is a divine Institution, which
presents the benefit of testimony. The church
ought to be a Christian church, a cheerful
church, a comforting church, a church abreast
of the times, a singing church and a church
proclaiming the same old truths.
Japanese in a Fight.
John Inghi of 1812 Devisadero street
and Ma Shiga of 734 Grove street got
into an argument with R. Shugutra
lust night in a Japanese lodging-house
at 468 Jessie street and later landed
in the Central Emergency Hospital to
be patched up. Shuguira. who wield
ed a knife, severely cut the heads and
faces of his fellow countrymen. Dr.
Kucich dressed the wounds, which
were pronounced not serious. Shu
guira was arrested.
Passes Worthless Check.
B. E. Vickery was arrested last night
and charged with passing a fictitious
check. The complainants were Charles
B Ellis & Co.. who have offices m the
Hearst building. They allege that the
accused presented a check to them for
$62 50, purporting to be signed by one
H. G. Garrison. They cashed the
check, which proved to be worthless.
SPEAKS AT CELEBRATIONS. — Thomas
Pearson spoke at ths emancipation proclama
tion celebration at ths Zlon Church on Stockton
street last night. He will speak at the cele
bration at Sacramento to-night,
ft**
GUARD PLANT
WITH POLICE
Alameda City Electrician
Summons Help to Protect
the 3lunicipal Light Works
QUARREL OVER FIREMAN
Superintendent Stands by
Discharge of an Employe
Who Disputes Authority
ALAMEDA, Jan. I.—The assistance
of the police was called in to discharge
an employe of the Municipal Electric
Light Department this morning, this
marking the first conflict that has
arisen in the department since the ap
pointment of the City Electrician, J.
B. Kahn.
E. Duffy, a fireman at the plant, was
notified by Chief Engineer J. O. Messer
last night, after a consultation with
Mr. Kahn, that his services were no
longer required. Duffy replied that he
would take discharge only from Presi
dent J. F. Forderer of the City Trus
tees Kaiin was appealed to and he
upheld Messer's action, when Duffy an
nounced his intention of continuing his
work, any way. The police were then
called and Duffy subsided.
Concerning the trouble, Mr. Kahn
said to-day:
I propose to uphold the Chief Engineer of
the plant, regardless of the poliUcal pull some
of the employes of the department have. Duffy
seemed to think that his friendship for some of
the members of the Municipal Hoard would
permit him to override my authority, but they
will have to discharge me before he can go
back to work, as he was discharged for just
cause. And I have no doubt but that all the
City Trustees will uphold me in this action,
as the improvement of the working force of
the plant Is Just as essential to its proper
working as Improvement in the machinery.
UNIVERSITY ICONOCLASTS
ATTACK OLD PIPE STYLES
Short. Curved Stem Briarwood May
Give Place to Innovation of
Weird Design.
BERKELEY, Jan I.—Four of the
most prominent men in the university
have inaugurated a quiet campaign
to overthrow the time-honored tradi
tion cherished by college men in favor
of the short, curved stem pipe of com
merce, which has been the sort of
pipe affected by university men for so
long a time that the memory of man
runneth not to the contrary.
Each of these men is at the State
University now, although thousands
of the students of the university ros
ter are at home.
The men referred to are "Gus"
Keane, a senior, editor of the Uni
versity Occident; Walter de Leon, th*
junior who wrote the successful junior
day farce, "Just About Now;" Edwin
Rust, an amateur actor and assistant
yell leader, also a junior, and Emil
Kruschke, who quit the university iv
his junior year to engage in literary
and dramatic work, but still haunts
the campus.
These four men appeared to*lav
wearing pipes of new and strange de
sign. They created a sensation on
the campus and where college men
most do congregate. Their new
are calculated to make a loyal alum
nus wonder at the audacity of the
innovators. Instead of a curved stein
the four iconoclasts have had made to
order horizontal stems, and the bowl
of the pipe, instead of standing a bit
above the stem, is on a level with il,
so that the daring students seem to
be smoking out of small, elongated,
brier wood gourds.
Hitherto Keane, Kruschke, De Leon
and Rust have been regarded las
among the most loyal upholders of
college traditions. It is believed that
they have chosen the present time to
introduce the revolution in college
pipe styles in order that the interim
between university activities may en
able them to become accustomed to
the new pipes, and incidentally fortify
themselves against the wave of wratn,
indignation and grief that may be ex
pected when the full body of under
graduates comes back to Berkeley
from the happy holidays at home.
BAY CITIES REPLIES
TO OPEN CRITICISM
Sends Letter to the Officials of Oak
land Touching Questions Raised
Concerning Its Water Project.
OAKLAND, Jan. 1. —The Bay Cities'
Water Company to-day sent to each
member of the City Council and Board
of Public Works a circular letter in
reply to a statement of opinion re
cently published by W. H. Chickerlng
in which the Bay Cities' project was
unfavorably criticised. The company
replies to the two main points upon
which its plan was attacked. The
first —that of its physical features—
the company says has been answered
by the favorable report of the Board
of Engineers to the City Council.
The second is the legal aspect,
which the corporation asserts is met
by its agreement to accept any form
of contract the city may desire and
by its agreement to furnish a bond
in (1,000,000 to fulfill the terms of
the contract. The company has re
quested the City Council to appoint a
committee to confer in the matter of
the contract.
CELEBRATES NEW YEAR
WITH LOADED CARTRIDGES
Life of Myron H. Fish of Alameda
Endangered by Careless
Use of Pistol.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 1. —The practice
of welcoming the New Year with the
discharge of fire arms came near end
ing in a fatality in Alameda last
night. Myron H. Fish, who was await
ing the advent of 1905 in his residence
on the corner of Fountain street and
Encinal avenue, was startled by a bul
let which crashed through the wall of
the house and whizzed past his ear.
Another followed in a few seconds,
and Mr. Fish, convinced an attempt
on his life was being made, telephoned
to the police station.
An officer who investigated found
that F. E. Green, a commercial travel
er living at 1205 Peach street, had
done the firing. He was scarcely less
frightened than was Mr. Fish when
he learned that instead of firing blank
cartridges, he had been sowing bul
lets about town.
FIRST BURGLARY OF NEW YEAR —
ALAMEDA. .lan. I.—The new year was com
menced for the Nuhrenberg family, living at
2i::t; Pacific avenue, by the robbery of their
residence by burglars who effected an en
trance by cutting through the screen over a
rear door and breaking the glass, then turn
ing the key, which had been left Inside. A set
of sliver spoons, a mirror, clock and manicure
set were taken. The family was at a neigh
bor's attending a "watch party" when ths
theft was committed.
BANNER YEAR
COMES TO END
Oakland Real Estate Dealers
Pleased With the Record
of Last Twelve Months
PROSPERITY CONTINUES
Condition of the Market
Indicates That Present
Activity Is Permanent
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 1.
The close of 1904 marks the end of
the most successful year for real es
tate dealers since Oakland was only
a collection of shanties on the east
shore of the bay, a time when the set
tlement here had not even a name.
The year has seen larger sales of prop
erty, more building of homes and a
greater demand for houses for rent
than ever before in the history of
the city, and all these things clearly
prove Oakland is growing, both as a
commercial and a residence center.
The two most important factors in
the progress of the city during the
year have been, first, a steady influx
of capital from ihe Northern and East
ern States, which has been invested
In Oakland property, and second, the
continued prosperity of the older resi
dents of the city, which has enabled
many people who have heretofore
lived In rented houses to purchase
property and build homes of their own.
Not only has the year been a pros
perous one for Oakland, but Berkeley,
Alameda and other suburban towns
have had a full share in this pros
perity. Large tracts of suburban prop
erty, which at the beginning of the
year were entirely vacant, have been
subdivided and built up with cottages
and villas. In most of these tracts all
the street work has been completed,
sidewalks and sewers laid and in many
cases ornamental trees have been
planted, transforming the previously
barren tracts into veritable parks.
DEMAND FOR BAY FRONTAGE.
The efforts of the Board of Trade
to obtain much needed improvements
for Oakland harbor and the likelihood
that these efforts will be successful have
given an added stimulus to the previ
ously large demand for manufacturing
sites along the shores of the harbor.
Since the committee sent to Washing
ton by the Board of Trade to confer
with the Congressional Committee on
Rivers and Harbors returned with the
report that a large appropriation was
likely to be granted to Oakland many-
Eastern manufacturers have made in
quiries as to the prices and locations
of manufacturing properties abutting
or. the estuary.
Among the important suburban
tracts recently placed on the market
is the Bayside tract in Alameda. This
is on Bay street, near San Antonio ave
nue, and contains forty-eight lots, each
T.OxISO feet. The tract is in the hands
of the E. D. Judd Company. Mr. Judd
says of the tract: .
The Rayside tract has never before b»en
available, having been held by the former
owner for nearly forty years. The streets on
which all the lots In the tract front have al
ready been sewered and will at once be mao
aadamUed and finished with stone gutters.
Palm trees will be planted along the aide
walks. There are from one to three liveoak
trees on each lot. The tract has already
)>eon subdivided and aeveral of the lota have
been sold.
The ytar has been most prosperous and I
expect that the present year will prove even
more So. There Is a steady demand for resi
dence property in Alameda and the inquiry
for houses for rent Is also very brisk.
GOOD YEAR IX ALAMEDA.
The Alameda Land Company reports
that the year has been one of continued
activity, and expresses the confidence
that 1905 will prove even a better year.
Hally & Co. of Alameda have a num
ber of almost new residences in their
charge at present. They report the best
year's business ever experienced in the
Island City.
A. R. Denke has Just placed on the
market several blocks of choice resi
dence property, all of within
a short distance of the railway lines
and electric cars.
The E. P. Vandercook Company re
ports all the business that could be at
tended to by a full office force, and
Secretary A. F. Cornwall says there is
no doubt that the present year will wit
ness a large increase In the sales of
property to newcomers.
E. J. Stewart says that the business
of each month of the last year has been
larger than that of any month in any
year since he has been in business In
Oakland. Mr. Stewart now has on hand
a number of fine residence sites in all
parts of the city, both improved and
unimproved.
Charles C. Hulbert, successor to
Frank P. Lee, reports a steady demand
for residence property and also for all
kinds of houses for rent.
J. H. Macdonald & Co. report recent
sales of property aggregating $85,000 in
value, including the Stevenson tract of
eighty acres in Fruitvale.
Taylor Brothers & CO. report the fol
lowing sales during the month:
To F. C. Admiston of Greenfield. Ohio, a
lot 50x100 of business property on Sixth street
near Broadway; the price was $7500. To Ed
mund Maddock, a lot on West street, 25x100
feet, for (2200; to J. A. Johnson, five lots In
Tuxedo Park, East Oakland, for $2000. To
A. E. Waters, a lot on Chestnut street near
Twenty-eighth street, 4ttxl32 feet. A resi
dence corner to J. W. Kinney. Two lots to
Mrs. Mary C. Smith. A. lot to R. Thierkof.
Three lots to Mrs. Emma S. Rugg, Mrs. Nina
Mlelson and P. W. De Lancy. respectively.
William J. Laymance of the Lay
mance Real Estate Company says
that while the year has been one of
the best In the history of Oakland
the coming twelve months will be
even more prosperous.
SAN LEANDRO AND HAYWARDS.
San Leandro and Haywards have re
ceived their share of the real estate
business of the year, and dealers in
these places are confident of a con
tinuation of the present prosperity. In
San Leandro, the buildings erected in
1904 aggregate a value of $89,350
Twenty-four new houses have been
built.
Improvement work of all kinds, in
cluding building and street improve
ments, have marked the year in Hay
wards. Much of this improvement has
been due to the continued efforts of
the well known real estate firms of
Haywards. which have worked unceas
slngly for the betterment of the town
These progressive firms are p wil
bert and Rammage & Stanton Both
report excellent business during the
past year, with indications of even
greater prosperity to come.
The Piedmont District Improvement
Club, whose headquarters are at Oak
Chapel, Piedmont, has elected the fol
lowing officers and directors to serve
during the year of 1905* President
Dr. E. R. Tait; vice president. Charles
Roeth; secretary, W. p. Millikerv
treasurer George W. Kelley; directors',
W. H. Blake. D. T. McArthur and c!
S. Thompson.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
lOie Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1485 Park Street.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
g .Tt'RDAV, PECBMBKK 81.
Calvin A. Shaw (single) to Milton M. Rowley,
lot on E line of Raymond street. 74.86 P or
Fairvlew, S 38 by E 122.45. lot ». Alcatraz
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Homer T. Bickel to Patrick J. Farrell. lot on
N line of West Tenth street. 466:6 W of Ade
line atreet. W 60 by N 118:3. block 563. Board
man's map. Oakland; 110.
Bridget Moloney (widow) to Oakland Peh"ol
District. lot on S line of Eighteenth street. *T5
E of Market, S 108:8 by E 50, lot 8, block 1).
pronerty of North Oakland Homestead Asso
ciation, Oakland; $0000.
Hattte W. Wilder t widow) to B. H. Grif
fins lot on W line of Webster street 530 S of
Walnut, 8 45 by W 100. Oakland; $10.
Harlow P. Bancroft to Rachel M. Sourier
(.wife of Frank A). lot 10. block M. map ac
Santa Fe Tract No. 4. Oakland; $10.
Thomas and Elizabeth I nifty iwlfe) to Max
W. Koenitf, lot on N line of Elm atreet or
Twenty-fourth. 252:6 E of ValdeS atreet. 0
32:6 by N 100. Oakland; $10.
Max W. and Louise K. Koenls; to p.>fla
Christensen (widow), same, Oakland: $10.
California Home Building >% lx«an Com
pany to Lyman Allen, lot on SE line of Fran
cisco and McGee avenues (Hamilton street).
E 31 by S 135. portion of lot 5, block 3. nnp
of State University Homestead Association No.
4. Berkeley; $10.
Mathilde H. Abbott and August J. Fromm.
and as attorney, to Adolph Hecker, lot on .V
line of Halght avenue, 4sr» W ot Fifth (Sec
end avenue), W 212:5 by N 135. block 223.
Alameda; $10.
John V. and Elizabeth Shank to same, same,
Alameda: $10.
William If. and Man - E. Taylor fwlfe) to
same, same deed made for pun lll "' of correct
ing description in_44" 7"). 356 and of porfectlrix
record title theresb so far as William H. Tav
lor's Interest therein Is concerned, quitclaim
deed. Alameda: $10.
H. V. Herbert to Pacific Improvement Com
pany fa corporation), all interest in real prop
perty described in Sheriffs certificate for de
linquent taxes IS6O and IS7O Issued to first
party under decree of Third District Court June
5, 1871. action The People vs. Edson Adams ft
al., first party hereby assigns to second party
above described tax certificate of sale, quit
claim deed: $5.
Gertrude Rehn fDwyer) to Horace TV Trwin.
all Interest in estate of Kate Dwver (de
ceased) or Katy Dw yer. now In process of set
tlement. Probate Court No. B160: $10.
H. H. Sea well (single) to William .T. Lay
manee (single), lot on W* line of Alice street,
1104 N of Twelfth. N 78 by W 150. lot 20. All •
Park. Oakland: $10.
J. F. and Emma F. Pill (wife) to H. R.
Melirmann. lot on W line of Grove street 25
N of Thirtv-seeond. W 116.06. N 25. E 116.31.
S 25. portion lots 1 to 3, blo.-k 2042, Rowland
Tract. Oakl nd; $10.
Charlotte E. Osborne (single) to Bradford
Peck, lot on M line of Losran or Thirty-sixth
street. 301:3 E of Market. X 37:6 by S 120:.;,
portion lots 10 and 11. I >ok M, property Cen
tral Land Company known as Rn>wn Tract,
Oakland; $10.
Edson F. and John Charles Adams, Julia R
A. Prather (by Thomas Prather, her attorney)
to Mary S. Cope, lot beginning at most south
erly corner of land formerly conveyd by first
parties to recond party. 602 D. 205. thence XX
130. SE 10. PW 127.59 to E line of a proposed
street, thence NW along same on curve to left
radius 560 feet, a distance of 10 62 feet to be
ginning. Oakland, deed and agreement: $10
Edson F and John diaries Adams and Julia
P. A. Prather to name (wife of Georg" W I
lot beginning at point on extension PR of NE
boundary line of land formerly conveyed to
Mary S. Cope, 602 D. 205. distant PE »to from
most northerly comer of said lot on SE line of
.Tayne avenue, map subdivision 1, Adams Point
property, thence PW 127.50 to ?TE line pr •
posed extension of lice street, tbence along
same RE m curve to right radius 560 feet, a
distune* of 10 21 feet. NE 125.31. N"vT 10 to
beginning. Oakland, deed and agreement: gift
R. A. and Florence E. Berry to Samuel r
Barrett, lot on E line of Tlillegass avenue. 5:0
P of W*ebster street. P 60 hv E 120. let 15 ard
portion of lot 14, block B. map No. 2, Batempii
Tract. Berkeley: $10.
August J. and Mac C. Fromm to r*bar]e*
Mori, lot on N line of ITalght avenue. 1T6:6 W
of Fifth street. W §:fl by N 135. portion block
B, Fromm Tract. Alameda; $10.
CHASED BY THE CROWD
WITH HIS THROAT OUT
Missouri Man Takes Ills Own Llfo
After Trying- to Kill Ills
Wife.
KANSAS CITY. Jan. I.—After at
tempting to kill his wife, Mrs. Llxxia
Gleason. and in the belief that he had
succeeded in his efforts, George Glea
son, a liveryman of St. Joseph, Mo.,
leaned far out of the second story
window of his mother-in-law's hom<?
here to-day and cht his throat witU
a razor in sight of several hundred
persons, who had been attracted by
Mrs. Gleason's screams.
After cutting his throat, Gleasou
knocked down Mrs. Roller, his moth
er-in-law. who tried o interfere, an I
rushing outside was chased two block*
by the crowd before he fell exhaust- I
and succumbed to his wounds.
Mrs. Cleason was terribly wound
ed. Her throat and face were slashed
and her hands and arms were badly
cut while she struggled with the des
perate man.
Coming to Play Polo.
NEW YORK. Jan. I.—Among th*
arrivals on the liner Ceflric were Sir
George Prescott. Captain Claude de
Crespigny and F. Menzies of the Sec -
ond Life Guards. They are here to
play polo in California. They will re
main at the Waldorf-Astoria pntil
Tuesday, when they will start West.
COMMITTED TO INSANE ASYL.CM
OAKUAND, Jan. I—Marie Ackerman. V>
was discovered several nights ago walking
along the edge of an awning In East Oaklar i
In her night gown, was committed to tb*
Btockton Insane Asylum yesterday by Judge
Melvin. The woman is a native of Switzer
land and 40 years of age. The District Attor
ney was directed to take charge of her esta',»
alued at about $500. "state.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hydrozone
Cures
Sore Throat
A Harmless Antiseptic.
Endorsed by the medical profession.
Send ten cents to pay postage on
free trial bottle. Sold by Lead
ing Druggists. Not genuine unless
label bears my signature :
0
610 Prince St.. N. Y.
Write for free booklet on Rational Treat
ment of Disease.
e Ways. Remember the Poll Nuns
axative Rromo Qmnme
Cures a Col i in One Day, Grip in 2 DaysBARGE HAS NARROW ESCAPE
FROM DESTRUCTION.
SANTA PAULA DRIFTS
HELPLESS OVER BAR
Current Sends Her Toward Seal Rocks
• The barge Santa Paula had a nar
escape yesterday from being
w recked in the Seal Rocks. She was
< oming into port carrying a big load
of lumber and in tow of the steamship
Whittier. The two vessels were just
fusing In through the Golden Gate
when the tow line suddenly parted.
\ strong ebb tide was running at the
;ime and this swiftly carried the San
ta Paula back over the bar in a di
rect line toward the Seal Rocks.
The Whittier at once put about and
headed for the open sea in chase of
. the helpless barge, which was rapid
y drifting toward the rocks. For a
lime it looked as if the Santa Paula
was doomed to destruction, but after
strenuous efforts on the part of the
officers and crew of the Whittier a
new hawser was finally made fast to
the Santa Paula, and she was hauled
away from her dangerous predicament
and towed into port.
Both vessels were lumber laden and
came from Ventura.
Brings Body of Weber.
The steamship Queen, which arrived In
port yesterday, brought the remains of Frank
W. Weber, the late chief steward of the big
steamer Minnesota. Weber died suddenly of
heart disease while attending to his duties
OS the Minnesota when that vessel was in
Seattle. He was very well known and highly
esteemed In this port. For many years he
was steward on the America Maru and was
very popular on the run between this port
and the Orient. He left thai Maru in Japan
and went to New York to go Into service
I n the Minnesota.
Previous to his connection with the Maru
he made a round trip on the steamship Sierra.
He was equally popular with the shore peo
ple and with the sea-going folks. He leaves a
young wife, to whom much sympathy is ex
tended by a big circle of acquaintances.
VI sber was hut 36 years old. Tho funeral
will take place to-day and the interment will
be at Holy Cross Cemetery.
Captain Cousin*, commander of the Queen,
sajs that as he was about to leave Puget
Sound the barometer suddenly fell and a
heavy storm suddenly started up, so he ran
into Neah Bay. where he waited for four
hourß until the fury of the gale had prac
tically subsided. The weather during the
voyaae down the coast was fairly good.
Loses Her Anchor.
The schooner Olga. from Mahukona. which
j\»s lying at anchor off Presidio Saturday
Sight, was .struck by a. sudden gale which
. < auswi her to strain so much on hur star
board anchor that the anchor stock i««rted. She
drifted down toward Alcatraz Island, and but
for the prompt action of <*anjtait\ Wildwick
In clearing away and dropping his jxirt an
■ hur the vessel would have been dashed up
on the rocks of the prison iFland.
Has a Rough Trip.
The steamship Columbia on her last trip
down the coast ran into a succession of heavy
.ales. Captain J. A. Brown of the steve
doring firm of Brown & McCabe of Portland,
">r.. was one of the passengers. He says that
In all his forty yrtirs' experience on this coast
he has never seen anything like the terrific.
Weather the Columbia encountered. The mo
ment she crossed the bar of the Columbia
River she ran into a hurricane. The seas
ran mountain higli and tossed the sturdy boat
around like a cockle shell. At one time the
wind was btowhsg at the rate of seventy-two
miles an hour. The sea was a seething mass
of foam and washed the steamer s decks from
nil sides.
Water Front Notes.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's steamer
Hieira is due to-day from Sydney via Auck
land and Honolulu.
The Kosmos liner Amasis. from Hamburg,
is expected in port to-morrow. She left San
Jose de Guatemala on December 23.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. January L
Slrar Brunswick, EUefeen, 14 hours from Fort
Bras*.
Stmr Brooklyn. Carlson, to hours from Mfn.
docino.
Stmr Vanguard Odland. 42 hours from San
Tedro.
Stmr Queen, Cousins, 65 hours from Victoria.
Stmr OUR. Higgins, 20 hours from Albion.
Stmr Whit tier, Dickson. 4t> hours from Ven
tura.
Stmr Eureka, .lessen. 28 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Arctic. Nelson. 26 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland 22 hours from Monterey.
Htmr Despatch. Weber. « days from Seattle.
Schr Esther Buhne Olsen 7 days from Coos
Bay.
S'hr Mary C, Campbell. 8 hours from Bodega.
Barge Santa Paula. Pllle, 46 hours from
Ventura.
SAILED.
Sunday, January L
Ptmr Acme Reed .
<;er stmr Neko, Rtckmann. Seattle.
Br ship Barflllan. McArthur. Newcastle, Aus.
Bark WtUscott, Brown, Seattle.
Schr Helene. Thompson, Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 1 10 p ru—Weather
hazy; wind NW: velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH— Passed out Jan I—Stmr Geo
I.oomls, for San Francisco.
CLALLAM BAY--In port Jan I—Schr For
ester.from Port Blakeley for San Francisco.
COOS BAY Bailed Jan 1-Stmr Breakwater,
for San Francisco.
•SKATTI.i: Sailed Dec 31—Stmr Ceo Loomls.
for San Francisco. Jan I—Stmr Montara, for
San Kran'isco.
REDONDO Sailed Jan I—Schr C S Holmes,
for Port Blakelev
HARDY i IREKX-Arrived Jan 1 —Stmr
Msrshfleld, hencf Dee 2«.
PORT ANGELES —Returned Jan 1 —Stmr
E»llth. from I>adysmlth. for San Francisco,
with cargo shifted.
ASTORIA- Arrived Jan 1-3ehr Beulah.
hence Dec 23; schr Robert R Hind, from San
Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGEI.ES—SaiIed Jan 1— Ger
stm.- Chrl*tel. for Ast'.ria.
RT'REKA- Sailed Jan I—Stmr F A Kllburn.
for Coos Bay; stmr Pasadena, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan I—Nor
ship Albania, for Panama.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU—Arrived Dec 31—Schr Alumna,
from Iquique.
Sailed Dec 31—Bktn Coronado, for San Fran
cisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG —Arrived Dec Bl —Stmr Korea,
hence Dec 3.
SYDNEY —Arrived Dec 30—Shi; J b Thomas
from Port Blakeley.
OCEAN STEAMERS
NRW YORK—Arrived Jan I—Stmr1 —Stmr Cedric.
from Liverpool and Queenstown. stmr La
Champagne, from Havre.
LIVERPOOL—Arrived Jan 1— Stmr L'mbrla,
from New York, via Queenstown.
SOUTHAMPTON—Arrived Jan I—Ptmr St
Paul, from New York, via Plymouth and Cher,
oourg.
Sailed .Tan I—Stmr Minnehaha, from Lon
don, for New York.
NAPLES— Sailed Dec 31—Stmr Ultonla. from
New York, via Trieste Fiueme and Palermo.
HOCLOONE—SaiIed Jan 1— Btmr Ams:er
<iam from Rotterdam, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN—SaiIed January I—Stnir
Lueania, from Liverpool, for New York.
MOVER—Sailed Jan I—Stmr Blucher. from
Hamburg, for New York, via Boulogne,
i •
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United: States Coast and Geodetic Survey— j
Time and Height of High and Ix>w Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the ,
Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur a' I
iht city front 'Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than ;.t Fort Point; the height
of 'tide Is the game at both places.
MONDAY, JANUARY 2.
Pun rites 7:26 a. m.
Sun sets 5:03 p. m.
Moon rises 4:01 a. m.
! Time I ITimel ITime I Time
L rt. [ Pt. Pt Ft.
In w| h w [l w |h w
2 1 2:001 2.41 8:26 6.1 j 3:18|— 0.1 10:231 4.2?
3 ' 2-61 2.6i»:10 6.2! 4:08—0.6 11:16 4.4
4 I 3:40| 2.8t 9~:54 6.2! 4:60—0.7
m Wl L W H W L W
6 0:03 4.6 4:28 2.0 10:88 6.1 6:31 —0.8
6 0:48 4.6 6:14 8.0111.16 6.0 6:10—0.6
T | 1:80? 4.7| 6:00| 8.0|11:66| B.B| 6.50|—0.4
the
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian -Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 1—6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 18 12
Red Bluff 00 14.76 LL18
Sacramento 00 8.78 4.68
San Francisco 00 11. IS 6 06
Fresno 00 6.18 0.92
Independence 00 0.45 0.42
3an Luis Obispo 00 , 0 82
' Los Angeles 00 3.56 0.43
1 San Ptego- • ■ 00 2.59 0.42
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS.
«
I
B
a
fiS K 0
Ra
3g 3 3 Jli
■g = ?c -c
n a ™ S3 S a
c c
a o
0J
Is
3""*
P
-?
ft
©
3
Baker 30.54 32 14 8E Cloudy .00
' arson 89.50 40 18 SW <'lear .00
Eureka 30.32 58 38 SW Clear .00
Fresno 30.38 52 38 S near 00
SE. Farallon.30..'12 54 .. XE Clear .00
Fla K staft 30.08 38 28 XE Clear .04
Poca telh> 80.84 38 24 S near .00
Independence .30.38 54 30 W Clear .1)0
lx>s Angeles. .30.24 66 46 E <'lear '.AH
Mt Tamalpals.30.28 47 36 E near .CO
North Head...30.10 50 40 BE Rain .04
Phoenix 30.10 03 38 E Clear .01
Pt Reyes Lt..30.29 55 .. E Clear .00
Portland 30.28 42 38 E Cloudy .24
Red Bluff 30.36 54 34 N Clear .00
Roeeburfc 30.32 50 32 NW Cloudy .01
Sacramento ..30.38 54 38 E Clear .00
Salt 30.54 83 .. N Clear .00
San Franclsco.30.36 54 44 N Clear '.00
San L Obispo.30.26 80 44 N clear .00
San Diego 30.20 86 46 N Clear .80
Seattle 30.18 42 .. XE Cloudy .44
Spokane .. 30.44 * 32 28 SE Cloudy .01
Tatoosh 38
Walla Walla. .30..;6 48 34 W Rain Tr.
Winnemucca .30.56 38 18 N Clear .00
Yuma 30.14 64 44 X Clear .12
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A storm of considerable energy has ap
peared off !he Washington coast, causing rain
over Washington and Northwestern Oregon.
A wind of t'4 miles per hour, from the south
east, is reported from the mouth of the Colum
bia River. Rain has also fallen in Arizona;
elsewhere on the Pacific slope the weather Is
fair.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
plateau and Rocky Mountain regions and fallen
on the Washington coast.
The tem(>erature changes have been slight In
all districts.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. January 2:
I California north of Tehachapl —Fair Mon
day: light northeast wind.
California south of Tehachapi—Fair Monday;
light east wind.
Nevada—Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Monday;
light northeast wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity—Fair Monday; light
east wind.
Sacramento and vicinity—Fair Monday.
Fresno and vicinity—Fair Monday.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
|+ : *
I the early morning tides are given in the left
' hand column and the successive tides of the
j day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
j fourth time column gives the last tide of the
j day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
■ addition to the soundings of the I'nlted States
Coas>t Survey Charts, except when a minus (—)
sign precedes the height, and th<n the number
given is subtracted from the depth given hy
the charts The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
Steamer.
Jeanie !
Empire i
j f'oronado
G. Dollar '
, Wellington...
Iau.ua
I Areata
j State of Cal..
Sequoia
Sierra
North Fork..
I Centralia
1 Saxon la
j Amasis
! S. Barbara
Edith
Coos Bay i
Chico. ]
Pomona." '
F. Leggett...
Redondo i
Aurelia
G. W. Elder..
Chehalls
Norwood
Point Arena..
Acapulco
Santa Rosa...
Corona
City Puebia..
S. Monica
Breakwater..
Santa Crux...
Nevadan
Columbia
Newburg
Homer
T'matllla
From. I Due.
! Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 2
Coos Bay 'Jan. 2
Grays Harbor Jan. 2
Grays Harbor 'Jan. 2
Oyster Harbor I Jan. 2
: San Pedro iJan. 2
Coos Bay & Pt. Orforrl.'Jan. 2
San Diego & Way Pts. I Jan. 2
Wiliapa Harbor (Jan. 2
j Sydney & Way Ports..IJan. 2
Humboldt 'Jan. 2
i San Pedro 'Jan. 2
Seattle IJan. 3
Hamburg & Way Pts.JJan. 3
Grays Harbor Jan. 3
*<yeter Harbor Man 3
San Pedro & Way Pts. iJan. 3
Point Arena & Albion. Jan "
Humboldt IJan. S
Humboldt Jan. 4
' Portland A Astoria Jan. 4
| Portland & Astoria Ijan. 4
Portland & Astoria |Jan. 4
San Pedro [Jan. S
I San Pedro iJan. 6
Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Jan. 6
I New York via Ancon..]Jan. B
: San Diego & Way Ports.'Jan. 8
; Humboldt I Jan. 6
! Puget Sound Ports [Jan. 8
i Grays Harbor I Jan 6
i Coos Bay |Jan. 7
! Newport & Way Pts. Jan. 7
. Kahului IJan. 7
| Portland & Astoria... .IJan. 8
Grays Harbor IJan. 9
Grays Harbor Jan. 9
I Puget Sound Ports jJan. 11
TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Pier.
Samoa j
Vanguard..
Columbia...
Jean!"
Corona
S. Rosa....
8. Crus
Centralia...
! S. Barbara. |
Eureka
Breakwater I
I
i
j F. Leggett.
! Arctic
Areata
1
Norwood...
Pomona
Sequoia... •
AnubU
Iaqua
Coronado...
: Pomo
j State of Cat
I Queen
i Nebraskan..
January 2. j
Lor- Angeles Ports. 110 am!Pier 2
Humboldt j 2 pmiPier 27
Astoria A Portlandjll amIPIer 24
Seattle & Tacoma.! 6 pm Pier 20
Humboldt l:30p'Pier 8
San Diego A Way.j 9 amIPIer 11
Newport A Way.. 9 am ! Pier 11
Grays Harbor 10 am Pier 10
January 3.
Los Angeles Ports.] 1 pmiPier 2
Humboldt j 9 amjPier 13
Coos Ray direct 1 6 pm'Pier 8
January 4. !
Los Angeles Ports.;12 miPier 2
Humboldt 9 ami Pier 14
Coos B. A Pt. Orfd 12 miPier 13
January 5. \
Seattle direct I 5 pm|Pier 2
Humboldt 11.50 p Pier 9
Wiliapa Harbor ...112 m I Pier 20
Hamburg & Way. 110 ami Pier 18
Astoria & Portland.| |Pler 2
Grays Harbor I 4 pmiPier 10
Pt. Arena A Albion! 6 pmiPier 2
San Diego & Way.j 9 am Pier 11
Puget 8ound Ports.Ill amIPIer 9
Hono. & Kahulul.l 3 pm'Pier 23
January 6. I |
Humboldt 110 amiPier 2
San Pedro A Way.! 9 amPler 11
Hamburg A Way. 12 miPier 19
Humboldt I 9 am!Pier 20
January 7.
Astoria A Portland; 8 pmiPier 2
Point Arena i 4 pmiPier 2
Astoria A Portland' 4 pmiPier 27
Astoria A Portland 11 am Pier 24
N Y. via Ancon..112 mIPier 40
Mexican Ports 110 ami Pier 11
January 9. f
Eel River Ports... 1 4 pmiPier 2
January 10. !
China A Japan ! 1 pm|Pier40
Puget Sound Ports.|11 ami Pier 9
San Pedro..(
; Coos Bay.. ■
! Saxonla
| N. Fork
Redondo... •
Point Arena
Aurelia
G. W. Elder
City Para..
| Curacao....
Argo
i China
| city Puebia
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer.
Destination.
Bails.
Jan. 1
Jan. 3
Jan. 7
Jan. 10
Jan. 13
Santa Ana
.Jeffernon
Dolphin
Portland
Farallon .
Seloovia A Way Ports.
Skagway A Way Porta.
Skagway A Way Ports.
I Seldovia A Way Ports.
; Skagway A Way Ports.
Memoranda.
EUREKA. Jan I—Stmr Lakme went ashore
on outer shoal while going out at 8 a m to
day: tug has just got her clear and outside
with her; no report as to damage obtainable.
Stmr F A Kllburn reports stmr Lakme full
of water, part deck load gone and lost rudder;
tug holding her outside awaiting Instruction*
from owners.
Per stmr Queen—Had strong SB gales first
day out
Till now the "tlekey"—a silver coin
worth 6 cents—has been the coin of the
lowest denomination used in South Af
ilca. But, at the request of the Johan
nesburg; Chamber of Trade, pennies (2
cent copper coins) are about to be" in
troduced.
THE SAN FRANCJSCO CALL. MONDAY. JANUARY 2. 1905.
TOWER OF HALL
OUT OF PLUMB
Earth Jolts Monuments of
Past and Present Power
and Partly Unseats One
SHOCKS OF EARTHQUAKE
Forces of Nature Kemind
People of City of Their
Energy by Jarring Things
Old Mother Earth has expressed her
self as displeased at sun spots or some
equally mysterious and disturbing ele
ment and has grumbled so much that
the outer crust of this particular part
of the globe has trembled until man
kind has wondered what has happened
to make the old lady so angry.
Half a dozen shocks of earthquake
were felt yesterday afternoon, and two
'of them were severe enough to remind
1 the frivolous New Year merrymakers
that there are more things in heaven
] and earth than are dreamed of in his
tin-horn philosophy. Very little dam
age was done by the temblors, except
that San Francisco was reminded, by
the partial unseating of the dome of
one of the south towers of the City
Hall, that, speaking of administra
tions, there were others.
The tower, which appears to have
been very poorly constructed, was not
damaged to such an extent that it can
not be repaired. It was shaken from its
base and leaned over toward the Lar
kin street side, but not sufficiently to
be detected except on close observa
tion. That there might be not the
slightest way for an accident left open
in event of another shock of a severe
nature, two policemen were stationed
near the tower to warn persons passing
that way to keep from under.
The temblors seem to have been felt
most severely in the Mission, accord
ing to the reports of the Weather Bu
reau. At first it was thought that the
ground undulations were due to the
explosion of blasts in the Southern Pa
cific cut-off, South San Francisco, but
the three or four mild temblors at 2:45
o'clock in the afternoon were followed
at 3:30 o'clooji by a hard shake that
lasted six seconds and was immediate
ly followed by a slight earth movement
that was barely perceptible. At 4:25
o'clock there was another sharp shock
lasting four seconds, and again at 7:58
in the evening a gentle reminder that
all was not well under the sod.
Several windows were broken in the
top stories of downtown office build
ings, and at Ingleside the crowds
thought an immense blast had been
fired, so sudden and jerky were the
shocks. In several of the churches
where afternoon services were in prog
ress there was consternation in the con
gregation. The wonder is that there
have been so many shocks. There is no
; record of such an extended series of
earthquakes in this section in the sci
■ entitle classifications of such matters.
At the City Hall two of the shocks
caused the building to creak and grind
in such a manner as to badly frighten
those who were in the corridors and
about the offices. The damage to the
south tower, it was said, was due to
faulty construction as much as to the
earthquake. The prison officials say
that the force of the quake seemed
very great on the ground floor, while
others who were on the top floors de
clared that while the shock was some
what severe they did not think it was
nearly so bad as the heavy earthquake
of five years ago.
On the water front the quake was
felt at the ferry depot, but the shock
was slight. The ferry building, how
ever, is built on a sunken cylinder pier
foundation on a springy mud bottom,
and earthquakes are never felt there
so severely as in other parts of the city, j
TEMBLORS ARE FELT
ACROSS THE BAY
Professors Say May Be Caused by
Subsidence of Bottom
of the Bay.
OAKLAND, Jan. I.—Earthquake
shocks in variety disturbed Oakland
to-day, ojfening with a light tremor at
10:30 this morning, which was almost j
imperceptible, followed at 3:30 o'clock
this afternoon by a sharp shake of
three seconds' duration and concluding
with a third temblor at 4:25 o'clock,
which quaked for one and one-half
seconds. Remarkable features attend
ed the phenomena about the bay this
New Year's day. While the delicate
needle tracings were clearly recorded
of each shock on the seismograph at
the Chabot Observatory in Oakland,
there was not a sign of disturbance
shown on the instruments at the Uni
versity of California machines, though
these were in perfect order, according
to Professor A- O. Leußchner. The
heavy shock that occurred this even
ing in San Francisco was not felt on
the east side of the bay. The trio of
temblors that sent the earth under
Oakland awry were all of a kind, with
the same direction, east to west. That
the day's seismic disturbances were not
entirely local is proved by the absence
of tremor in Oakland when the sharp
earthquake was experienced across the
bay this evening. During the last forty
days there have been more shocks rec
orded at Chabot Observatory than for
many years. Professor Charles Burk
halter, in charge at the observatory,
does not offer a definite theory of the
cause. Concerning the conditions and
to-day's he said:
"The first shock was a very slight
one, barely perceptible, being as 1 to
100. The second was as 60 to 100, occur
ring at 3:27:18 p. m., and the third at
4:26:18 p. m..was as 40 to 100 in in
tensity. These shocks, which have been
so unusually frequent, cannot be ex
plained, except upon the general state
ment that they are caused by a slip
ping of the earth's crust. Scientists
have many theories to offer, but abso
lute knowledge is lacking."
Professor Leuschner and Professor A.
C. Lawson of the University of Cali
fornia express the opinion that the
shocks about the bay are caused by
the subsidence of the bottom of the
bay. Such a theory would, they think,
account for the fact that the shocks
are felt mainly about the bay shores.
No damage was done !n Oakland.—
WATER BREAKS THROUGH
LEVEES ON SACRAMENTO
Bank* on Colusa Side of Stream Give
Way in Two
Places.
COLUSA, Jan. I.—The Sacramento
River reached a height of twenty-seven
feeet eight inches this morning and
then commenced to fall. Several breaks
in levees are reported—three on the
east side and two on the Colusa side of
the river. One of the breaks on the
Colusa side is eight miles above town, \
the other one mile below. The water
from the break below Colusa has sui- |
rounded the county hospital and sev- |
eral residences in Goad's extension.
Dr. Edgar R. Bryant.
Has removed his offices to James Flood build
ing, Market and Powell streets. • I
fe good on the
|J Begin the New Year in a home of your own. In- |j jf
vestigate our credit* system. The Store on t>he
*S/m\ Square caters to your every want*, coop coops, /w^^
) LOW PRICES and LIBERAL TERMS make furnishing an easy matter, rHcOv
j Every purchase made here is covered by an absolute guarantee of satisfac- "
tion or your money back. Nor Ccc
NO. I—HALL RACK—Solid oak. golden finish. NO. 3—PEDESTAL, DINING TABUS —Solid oak, HO. 6—DZBTHGr CHAIR—SoIid oak. golden fln-
Bevel plate mirror; cft.t brag* books. golden finish. Six-foot draw. Price. . 817.75 lsh - Braced baok. cane seat. Each ftl.OR
• «n 4 RHIITA CT.OSTTT Solid oak e-olrten fln- 80. 6—THREE-PIECE BEDROOM SUlT—tinlden
HO. 2—CHIPPOHIBR—GoIden finish. Plate HO , 1 JL"T~ CLOSET—So id oak. eoiaen nr, Dre . B er has bevel plate mirror; shaped
mirror. Five-drawers and hat box. Price is "- -Mission design. Well made and highly top> brag, trimmings. Entire suit prettily
. gH.r>(> I polished. Price 513.7R carved and highly polished. Price »l7.^r>
New designs that are exceptionally beauti- , Carefully selected stock of Curtains, Couch
ful. Dozens of patterns exclusive with us. > <«m«3^=??^'^' Covers, Bed Sets and Table Cover?. A line
Every worthy make represented al lowest WkMnnßk so large that it is possible to please the most
prices. fastidious taste.
Renting Department jJL Ran * Model Cottage
Inaugurated purely for the convenience of „ "L ■* . . ♦ a T7«.„. ~~
~ ti « i c i in The perfection of the stove founder's art. A Complete rOtir-KOOITI L Ottage built On
the public. Hundreds Of hOUSeS and tiatS Will save its cost in fuel. Every part
listed. Service absolutely free. iruarantead. Terms si down and %i a the Fifth Floor. Refurnished weekly.
L.lin . iMmnm—um m i tmm jtm • I —.»»-JL——— ■ mWM 11 |i ■ j . g=Bg ||^| —————————i
SILLY PRACTICAL JOKERS
EMULATE HIGHWAYMEN
Say They Held Up Drummer Friend
to See Whether He Would
Show l ight.
The hold-up of the occupants of an ,
automobile on the ocean boulevard j
lata Saturday night was in the nature
of a silly and dangerous practical joke j
played upon Benjamin Peckerman, j
drummer for a Arm at 125 Sansome
street. Detectives Taylor and Bun- I
ner. who were detailed on the case
early yesterday morning, were not long
in getting at the facts.
They met Peckerman in front of a ,
saloon at 16 Mason street and he told
them of the hold-up. He said the
other occupants of the automobile
were in the saloon. They were ques
tioned and confessed that it was all
a joke on Peckerman, because he al
ways boasted as to what he would do
if held up. Two other friends hirea
an automobile and it was arranged
that they wouM stop at a certain point
on the boulevard and play the robbery
act. It was intended to tell Pecker
man of the joke, but he ran so fast
that they could not catch up with him.
Peckerman laughed when he heard
tlieir story and said the drinks were
on him. His watch and coin were re
turned to him. No action was taken
by the police.
Modesto Defeats Madera.
MODESTO, Jan. I.—ln a game of
football played here to-day before a
large crowd the Modesto team defeated
the Madera teum by a score of 21 to 0.
The effect on the digestive organs
after using Lash's Kidney and Liver
Bitters is truly wonderful. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CASTOR IA
For infants and Children.
(he Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the sj? y/j* JEST
Signature of (^^y-^TcUcA^S
MISCELLAXKOI'S AMUSEMENTS.
GADSKI
'TO-DAY BEING A LEGAL HOLIDAY
THE BOX OFFICE WILL. BE AT AL
HAMBRA THEATER. To-morrow and re
mainder of week at Sherman, Clay A Co.'i.
CONC&NTB
To-Morrow and Ttiurs. Nights
Next Saturday Matinee
SEATS - - $2.00, $1.50. $1.00
Fischer's Theater
TONY LUBELSKI, General Manager.
High Class Vaudeville.
10c and 20c. Children 10c.
Afternoons at 2:30; evenings, 7:30 and ft.
Continuous performances from 2 to 11 p. m.
Saturday, Sunday and Holidays.
Ten Great Acts. Moving Pictures.
PONY RACES AT SAN MATEO.
MONDAY, January 2.
ADMISSION, 50 CENTS.
FIVE RACES.
Electric cars leave Fifth and Market st*.
•very fifteen minutes.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND
SECOND WEEK
yBEUINS
TO-DAY
WITH NEW YEAR'S MATINEE
DAVID BELASCO PRESENTS
BLANCHE
BATES
In "The Darling & Gods"
A Drama of Old Japan
By David Belasco and John Luther Lone.
Special Matinee Next* Thursday.
"Madame a My Aunt's
Butterfly" n Advice
The Play That D The Play That
Makes Men Cry. Makes Men Laugh.
aai HMD! A m mS!m *
VULUmPIA ItACINu MAuir
matineTto-day.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Henry W. Bavagr» offers George Ada s musical
satire, THE
SULTAN
OF SULU
Music hy Alfred G. Wathall.
Jan. O—FREDERICK WARDE and KATH
RYN KIDDER IN "SALAMMBO."
ALCAZAR K 'R*sr
Geneial Manager.
Holiday Matinee To-Day.
TO-NIGHT—Mats. Sat. aad Bun.
THIS WEEK ONLY
Only San Francisco Production of Richard
Mansfield's Version of the Delightful Play,
OLD HEIDELBERG
The Quaint German Student Songs by a Triple
Male Quartet.
NO ADVANCE IN PBICES.
NEXT MONDAY —Joseph Arthur's Comedy,
LOST RIVER.
CENTRAL-!?
Market Street, near Eighth. .Phone South 633
MATINEE TO-DAY—TO-NIGHT AND ALL
THIS WEEK.
With Matinees Saturday and Sunday,
The Greatest Metropolitan Scenic Success,
Child Slaves of New York
Full of dramatic interest, splendid comedy and
thrilling climaxes.
Spellbinding rescue by the polio* patrol
tug after a thrilling hand-to
hand battle on the river:
PRICES—Eve., luc tp 50c. Mats.. 10c, 15c, 25c.
AMUSEMENTS.
THE LAST WEEK OF
THE TIVOLTS FAMOUS
OPERA SUCCESS
KING '
'DODO
SPECIAL New Year's
Day MATINEE TO-DAY.
See:;' the Grand Transformation Scene, "A
CHILD'S DREAM OF CHRISTMAS." a beau
tiful Holiday Story, told In four enchanting
Tableaux with SANTA CLAUS AND A
CHRISTMAS TREE.
GR'NO OPERA
SALE OF RESERVED SEATS
OPENS THURSDAY JANUARY 6th.
PRICES, *2, f1.50, $1, 50c.
——■ V "
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY.
THE FOUR BARDS
And Last Week of the
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW
HEADED BY
McINTYRE AND HEATH
IN A NEW ACT.
Regular Matinee* Every Wednesday, Thurs
day, Saturday and Sunday.
Price*: 10c. 25c and 60c.
S CALIFORNIA **
Holiday Matinee To-Day
Funniest of all I
M V ■ M Swedish-American I
J*» Dialect comedies |
Yonson
N*xt Sunday—BLACK PATTI
TROUBADOURS.
\ /
fiaci! Racing!
New *4&i
California |W Club
OAKLAND TRACK.
Racing every week day. rain or shine.
Race* start at 2 :15 p. tn. sharp.
HEW TEAR HANDICAP. $2000 ADDED.
TO BE RUN MONDAY. JAN. 8.
For special train* stopping at the track take
S P Ferry foot of Market street, at 12:00.
12 HO 100 1:30 or 2:00. Returning train*
leave' the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and im
mediately after the last race,
n-eaiai H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
wTgI $1.00 Bur Year
LYRIC HALL SS&m»«
BURTON HOLMES
TRAVELOGUES
MAGNIFICENT COLORED VIEWS
ORIGINAL MOTION PICTURES
TWO COURSES EXACTLY ALIKE.
| Course A I Course B
IN LONDON 'Tues., JanTTo Wed., Jan. U
ROUND ABOUT !
LONDON |Thur«...lan. 12 Fri. Jan. 13
IRELAND 'Sat., Jan. 14 Mon., .Jan. Ift
RUSSIA Tups. Jan. IT Wed., Jan. lg
JAPAN Thurs Jan. 19 Fri , Jan. 20
SALE OF COURSE TICKETS, $4 $.'! \ND
J2. TO-MORROW MORNING, at Sherman.
Clay A Co.'s. corner Sutter and Kearny streets.
H. W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
STARTING MATINEE TO-DAY
ALL THIS WEEK
Oliver Morosoo Offers
HOWARD GOULD, J. H. GII.MOI R
And the Majestic Players
In William Gillette's Great War Romance
HELD BY THE ENEMY
25c—MATINEE THURSDAY—2Sc.
Our next production la MIZPAH, by Ella
Wheeler Wilcox and Luscombe Searreile.
THIS AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Last Times of
PRINCESS FAIN TAN
Commencing* TO-MORROW. TUESDAY,
And Every Afternoon and Evening.
HIGH-CLAS3 SPECIALTIES.
Don't Fail to See
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION, 10c » CHILDREN, sc.
Palari* DOINrT F/UL T0
laiaVrV -cc tho beautiful
j COURT Lounging
ft fill room, the EMPIRE
uuu parlor, th«
C J PALM ROOM, the
lir.lf.il LOUIS XV PAR
UIUIIU lor, and the LA-
U DIES' WRITINQ
1 Hotels 1 «Q QM
patents! J
330 MARKET
\AJ. T. HESS,
Notary Public and Attorney-at-Law.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckel* «t>ldg.
Telephone Main 083.
Residence. 1802 McAllister st *
Residence Telephone Pag* OOtL
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL, COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN MeN AUGHT Manager
' PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, SAN FRANCISCO
MONDAY. . - JANUARY 2, 1906
BRILLIANT CLOSE OF THE YEAR.
THE year just closed proved a pleasant disappointment to th<
country, as it turned out better than expected and better thar
seemed possible at the close of the first half. In June the busi
'. ness of the nation was distinctly behind that of 1903 both in volume
■.*• and profits, but as already mentioned a turn occurred at that time
.' and the improvement has continued ever since with the result thai
when the figures for 1904 come in it will probably be found that th<
•year made a better showing after all than 1903, "which was a first
class year in every respect. The excellence of 1904 may be at
.' -tributed to the remarkable abundance of money and the bounteous
. . crops, both of which encouraged the country, restored confidence in
Credits and assured a large movement in all sorts of merchandise for
.many months ahead.
The final fortnight of the year was noteworthy in that the usual
close of the year lull did not make its appearance. Instead we wit
nessed a' noteworthy liveliness in the retail holiday trade, low rates
for money and a general feeling of buoyancy throughout the country.
Such conditions are rare at the close of the year, which usually is a
dull period at best.
All current statistics and commercial returns indicate briskness
•in trade. The earnings of the railroads in December, as far as re
• ported, were 7.2 per cent larger than in 1903. The bank clearings
.'for the closing week showed a gain of 17.6 per cent over the corre
sponding week in 1903, with all the important cities except Kansas
. Cityi'Ncw Orleans. Omaha and Milwaukee exhibiting gains. Boston
reports that the supply of wool unsold on hand is the smallest in
"'.fifteen years and that the total unsold stock of domestic wool in the
I'nited States is only 42.000,000 pounds, against 112.000,000 on the
preceding year, which is a bullish condition in this important staple.
*• But the mills have bought very heavily during the past few months
*' and are carrying millions of pounds, but this causes no concern, as
woolen goods are advancing, owing to the upward tendency of raw
wool.
• The cotton industry is not making as good an exhibit as wool.
:> The crop of 1904 was enormous, resulting in a sensational tumble in
.'prices, and raw cotton is now selling at or below cost of production.
. In-fact, with the exception of wheat, all the great crops turned out
heavily. According to the Government reports issued last week the
'•■ production of corn was 2.467,481,000 bushels, with a farm value on
. December t of $1,087,461,000: the wheat crop was 552,400,000
"'.'.bushels, with a farm value of $510,489,000: the oat crop was 895,
--.545,552 bushels and the cotton crop 11,971.477 bales, the values of the
last two crops being floating and not specific. But their very size
assures an enormous revenue from both.
The immense production of the agricultural regions of the
. country indicated by the above Governmental returns naturally im
parts a pronounced stimulus to general trade. It almost assures
•. another year of prosperity. Wall street has discounted this condi
. tiou by a marked increase in the value of railroad and industrial
• shares during the past several months, and all the traders and finan
• .-cial interests connected with the Stock Exchange are shouting "Good
•times ahead!" The legitimate trade of the country feels the effects
thereof and expands in sympathy, while the remarkable abundance
.of money renders collections easy and failures comparatively few
"and unimportant. The railroads see a large traffic ahead and plan
enormous expenditures fur betterments to meet this new business,
and the manufacturers, so timid six months ago. are now reopening
their mills in expectation of a further expansion in production. Labor
feels the influence of these conditions and, is fully employed at bet
ter wages than were thought possible half a dozen years ago. In
brief, the country has fairly outdone itself in prosperity, and the pre
dictions of the Republican party in the first McKinley campaign that
• the establishment of the Republican policy would result in good
times have been more than realized. The "full dinner pail" has not
only been filled, but has been running over, and several times since
.that campaign the American stomach has become so stuffed and the
' American back so richly clothed that they have been obliged to pause
for rest and recuperation.
This is the commercial condition of the United States to-day.
It is brilliant. We are more than prosperous. We are lolling in
voluptuous profusion. The danger now is not that we shall be
hungry, but that we may be pampered by too high living. Even
prosperity contains within itself the elements of danger, and we must
beware of living too highly. Eat persons do not live as long as
lean ones as a rule. •
THE GROWTH OF OAKLAND.
BUSINESS men whose interests demand close observation' are
the highest authorities upon the present conditions and
prospects of any of our municipalities. Over in Oakland
business men have been taking the year's inventory of stock and
they find it good. Over their published names bank presidents, real
estate owners and the leaders in manufacturing interests have ren
dered conservative statements of the city's remarkable growth dur
ing the year past —statements which bring conviction and arouse
interest in affairs across the hay. the State o^-er.
Probably the most tangible of all evidences of Oakland's pros
perity displays itself from the books of the census-taker. Since
the last national registering of citizens the roll of Oakland's resi
dents has increased by over 20,000 —a forty per cent increment to
the population of two years back. This sudden influx of home
seekers is reflected directly by the record of realty transactions
and the reports of the builders. The president of the Oakland Real
Estate Association vouches for the fact that the two years just
closed have witnessed a brisker business in building and manufac
turing properties than any like period in the city's history. In the
erection of new homes it'is estimated that $5,000,000 has been spent
during the year past.
The mercantile and manufacturing interests, which find a
thriving growth across the bay, register the increase of their busi
ness through the accounts of the banks and loan associations. The
manager of one banking house is authority for the statement that
the increase in commercial deposits and in the volume of exchanges
■has established a high-water mark in Oakland's banking business.
•The cashier of another institution places the increase in its business
twenty-five per cent over that of 1903. From the manufactories,
the shipbuilding plants on the estuary and the traction companies
like reports of good times are forthcoming.
It is a fortunate fact for Oakland that the city is in no manner
outgrowing itself. With all the extension of suburbs and the de
.velopment of the'older portions of town the machinery of the city's
government has kept pace. The Board of Public Works reports an
expenditure of $800,000 in improvements for the year past. This
•includes the sewering of outlying districts, the building of new
roads and the repairing of the old ones, notably Telegraph avenue.
For the erection of schools $900,000 has been appropriated. New
fire houses have been erected to protect the rapidly growing suburbs.
Iri short, in very direction Oakland is undergoing a remarkable ex
pansion and is rapidly making good the aspiration of being the
second city in the State.
Rev. Father Rauber of Cincinnati says parents should remain in the room
where their children are courting;. As a foe to matrimony and an advocate of
race suicide, Father Rauber may take the gold medal.—Washington Times.
Notice the sale of a lot of rare Confederate money. Due notice will be
given, of the sale of the celebrated Chadwick collection of rare brown paper
securities. —New York Telegram.
Many experts want the Panama canal built on the ocean level. Most
people in this country want It built upon what President Roosevelt calls the
"dead level." —Atlanta Journal.
Le*t the Southern people build factories and head their commerce toward j
the Gulf ports, and the other things will be added unto them.—DaUas News.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, JANUARY 2, 1905.
DAN CUPID CAPTURES
"UNKISSED" PROFESSOR
ALJA R. CROOK, "the man who
never had been kissed," and,
incidentally, professor of min
eralogy and economic geology
at Northwestern University, is en
gaged to be married. Three years ago
and more he was heralded far and
near as "the man who never has been
kissed." When the news of his en
gagement became known his Evans
tor, friends changed the tense of the
verb, safs the Chicago Tribune.
To several of his fellow professors
he admitted his engagement, but as to
additional facts, even the name of his
fiancee, he has preserved what he en
titles a "discreet silence." All taken
into his confidence were warned not
to spread the news. Ever since the
professor's experience three years ago
he has shunned publicity, as at that
time he was the recipient of thousands
of letters questioning him as to the
veracity of his declaration that he
never had kissed woman or child. It
is said in Evanston, however, that the
future Mrs. Crook resides in Ohio,
where the professor spent his boyhood
and college days.
It was declared among the students
at the time Professor Crook "sprang
into fame" three ago that he
was engaged to marry a young woman
from Ohio, but that the ceremony was
postponed (o avoid publicity. It is
rumored that the projected wedding
Is the finale of that betrothal.
According to the story, Professor
Crook confided to his class of students
on April 26, 1901, information regard
ing his life: •
"I never have in my whole life
either drank, chewed, smoked, or
kissed a woman."
The report of Professor Crook's con
fession was at first confined to cam
pus gossip. There, however, it was ac
cepted as sincere, as he never had been
known to shield his opinions nor quib
ble with words. It produced a sen
sation. The professor was a bachelor
of 35. He never had been rated as
a woman-hater.
Professor Crook found in his mail
one day a clipping from a London
newspaper containing an editorial
tvhich attempted to mitigate the gen
eral wave of adverse comment on the
'kissing" question. At another time
le received notices which had crept
into the newspapers in Peking and
Calcutta.
BITS OF EARLY MORNING MERRIMENT
SURE THING.
Barnes Tormer—l played the villain,
• and In the fourth act I had a mob after
me.
Knight Stand—Did you make good?
I Barnes Tormer—Sure. I played the
' part so realistically that the audience
! Joined the mob.
PROFESSOR ALJA R* CROOK.
During the general discussion of his
personal affairs Professor Crook pro
tested and even denied the truth of the
story regarding his reported confes
sion.
"I cannot answer questions." he con
| siMently replied to his friends, "but if
it is true that this is the source of so
j much talk then indeed are we fallen
j upon degenerate times.
"I never have spoken to a class the
I words which have been attributed to
me. As near as I can find out, the
I genesis of the story is that I was talk
ing with a young man who had a repu
tation for being wild. I was deeply in
terested in him, as I am in every
young man or young woman who
comes before me as a student. I as
sured him of my deep solicitation for
his future if he persisted in the ways
he had adopted. He proceeded to
argue with me and even quoted
Luther:
Who I»ve.« not women, v.me and sonj
Will live a fool his whole life long.
"I lost patience and told him he was
utterly wrong. He said that perhaps
if I were to look back and remember
some of my old school days I might
have a fellow feeling for him. This
called from me the remark that if he
were to follow me for a model he
never would drink, chew, lie, or flirt
with wonK-n. Afterward, I suppose,
this latter qualification was twisted or
construed into •kissing a woman.' "
Taking Xo Chances.
Two men in the West were to be
hanged for horse-stealing. The place
selected was the middle of a trestle
bridge spanning a river. The rone was
not securely tied on the first man to be
dropped and the knot slipped. The man
fell into the river and immediately
swam for the shore. As they were ad
justing the rope for the second man, an
Irishman, he remarked:
"Will yez be sure and # tfe that rope
good and tight, 'cause T can't swim."
Clothing of Ffafa Skins.
The Government Fish Commission
has been making investigations about
the suitability of fish skins for
clothing. It has been found that
salmon skins make excellent leather
and have been used for boots by the
Eskimos for this purpose for years.
These northern people also use tanned
codfish skins for coats and waterproof
garments. Whaleskin makes beautiful
leather and takes color well.
THE LAUGH ON HIM.
Ping;— He's such a funny fellow that
It's really dangerous to go hunting with
him in the forest.
Pong—Why so?
Ping—All the hyenas come around
him to laugh.
YOUR SHARE
OF CROPS OF
LAST YEAR
If the 1904 crops were equally divided
every man, woman and child in the
United States would receive one barrel
of flour, 200 eggs, 140 quarts of milk,
more than half of which goes into but
ter; one bushel of apples and two and
a half bushels of other fruits and ber
ries, three bushels of potatoes and two
bushels of carrots, beets, parsnips and
turnips; eleven head of cabbage and
half as much lettuce, cucumbers and
cauliflower; twenty-eight bushels of
corn, usually in the shape of beef, pork
and poultry, besides seventy pounds of
cotton, six pounds of wool for clothes
and enough leather for two pairs of
shoes, says the New York World.
These raw materials at present
wholesale prices would sell for about
$50. The size of the average American
family is five and a quarter, which
would make the family share of this
year's crop cost $262.
The bare necessities of life do not cost
so very much. What counts for more
in the total of expenditures are luxu
ries that have become necessities and
other luxuries that might better be
done without.
NOT A MaTIOOKED ON.
With not a man on the stage and
not a man in the audience, the stu
dents of the Baltimore Woman's Col
lege gave a performance of "Much
Ado About Nothing." in that city, the
other evening. Scene shifters, light
manipulators, musicians and ticket
takers all were women.
As for the acting, every character
is said to have been portrayed "with
grace and fine appreciation of the
poet's lines." Miss Cull, a Baltimore
girl, was Beatrice; and Miss Arohn
son, another Baltimore gfrl, Benedict.
Each was excellent. The only criti- \
cism made of Mi« 3 Nugent, who is
from Jackson, Miss., was the compli
mentary one that her beauty was "al
most too regal to become the gentle
Hero."
Satin and velvet naturally were the i
predominant materials, consistent I
with the period of the May. and two
costumes in particular won the ad- .
miration of the audience, which, be- |
Ing all feminine, was about as critical \
as might be imagined. These were a \
white satin worn by Hero
and one of pink satin that graced the
figure of the inimitable Beatrice. The
characters were not without jewels in
keeping with their era. either, for
beads of various hues were cleverly
arranged to imitate the stones that fit
ted the colors of each costume.
GRIT OF DOCTOR.
A sturdy seventeenth-century doc
tor who sometimes bluntly prophesied
the death of 1 is patients, and correct
ly, too, was the famous Dr. John Rad- j
cliffe, of whom Edmund Gosse writes
in the January Harper s under !he j
title "A Doctor to Kings." Dr. Rad- I
cliffe was physician to William 111.
doted on him until one day the doc
tor's grim candor was carried too far,
and he informed the King, "Why, tru
ly, I would not have your two legs for
your three kingdoms." The King ban
ished him from court, and as the
worthy doctor departed he predicted
the day of his angry sovereign's death
—a prediction promptly realized. He
also quarreled with Queen Anne, told
her "that her ailment was nothing
else but the vapors," and because she
nesented his independence declined to
attend her on her death bed. i
ANSWERS TO VARIOUS QUERIES.
CAPACITY —A. O. C, City. The
seating capacity of St. Peter's* at Rome
is 54,000.
POKER —S. S., Oakland, Cal. In
the game of poker Hoyle lays down
the rule that a straight, sequence or
rotation, which is five cards following
tn regular order of denomination, as
ace, deuce, tray, four and five, and
the cards may be of different suits,
beat triplets or three of a kind. In
a straight the ace counts both ways,
but its value is different. When with
the king, queen, knave and ten it
makes the highest straight, but with
the two, three, four and Aye, the low
est. A later authority which sustains
this position says: "Straights are not
always played, but should be allowed
when desired. "This point must be set
tled prior to beginning of the game,
however."
MOURNING—A Constant Reader,
WISE.
Mr.Henpeck—Whenever I finish wear
ing a straw hat I always manage to
lose it.
Mr. Henderson—Why so?
Mr. Henpeck—Then my wife can't
make me wear it the next year.
The Entrances to Matrimony
and Lanes Leading From It
THE most conspicuous objects on
the horizon just at present are
the many "gateways to matri
mony" which are presented
to' our view by the oblig
ing press. They are more numer
ous than real estate signs on the ave
nues, and more inviting, some of them,
than Dowle's ornamental city gate at
Zion. With all this wealth of oppor
tunity before our eyes no unappro
priated blessing need despair. All that
any one of us has to do is to choose
a suitable vocation, and let fate do the
rest.
Almost every sphere of woman's work
appears to have—if it is proper under
the circumstances to put it this way—
the refusal of matrimony.
One newspaper declares in big black
headlines that the girl who takes up
stenography is coquettishly daring
Cupid to shoot.
Another article would persuade the
reading public that a wedding, ring Is
at the disposal of any school teacher
who will hold up her left hand.
We are assured that the factory girls
have not one chance in a hundred for
single blessedness. Domestic schools
are apparently working overtime to
teach ingenuous maidenhood how to
concoct love philters.
Among men the grocers' clerks and
milkmen appear to have the matrimon
ial advantage. And army officers foot
the waiting list, heavily handicapped
by Major-General Corbin's practical
! dictum that no one of them may marry
j unless he can satisfy the Secretary of
War that he can buy his household
furnishings for oash, and not on the In
stallment plan.
Just beyond the entrances to matri
mony, crowding them, are other
edifices—the gateways out of mar
riage. These structures all look much
alike; most of them are modern in
their architecture, with fine false
fronts of marble and plain backs of
common hrick.
This city of gateways, forced so per
sistently upon our notice, is evidently
intended to educate the public, just as
a world's fair is built to widen the
outlook of a people. It is meant to be
something more than a unique specta
cle; its purpose is equally to please
and to improve.
Let us be quite honest—is the exhi
bition a success? It is interesting, It
Is instructive, but aren't we paying
high for it?
How times have changed since our
grandmothers said "I will." How they
and their mothers would have blushed
to see the marriage bond, the most
sacred obligation of their put on
the bargain counter as now it is.
THE GOLDEN LEGACY.
mT mother had no gold to share.
Nor land nor herd nor mer
chandise.
(My brother has her silken hair,
My sister has her azure eyes!)
To me she left no comeliness
That to the face or form belong,
But, oh. one gift I do possess—
The blessed heritage of song!
Long, long ago. in cradle days.
Her sweet voice would my heart be
guile.
When I could nothing do but gaze
Into the heaven of her smile!
City. Widows, according* to the eti
quette of this country, should wear
mourning for two years, and sometimes
it is never thrown off. Crepe and bom
bazine or Henrietta cloth are worn for
one year at least, longer if desired, but
that is the shortest period if assumed
at all. Then the widow's cap and long
veil may be thrown aside. The dress
may be of silk, less heavily trimmed
with crepe. The latter may be left off
at the end of eighteen months and
plain black be worn until the period of
two years is completed, when It may
be laid aside entirely or toned up with
the somber colors.
SUCCESS IN BUSlNESS—Subscrib
er, City. The following have been laid
down as rules for success in business:
"Be always on time; be neat in per
sonal appearance; be accurate, rapid
and energetic; build up a character
that will win the respect of all; do not
tell your friends about your employer's
business; do not wait to be told more
\
CALLED HIM DOWN.
Mr. Bronson—Those eggs you sent me
were the limit.
Grover—Strange! I thought they
would please yoh.
Mr. Bronson—Not at all. While I am
a collector of antiques, that doesn't ap
ply to eggs.
DOROTHY FENIMORE
In their time romance and sentiment
were cut off the piece for customers,
and not offered to the publio in rem
nant lots.
Was there not something beautiful
about the reserve of the older gener-
wuut
ation concerning matters of the affec
tions?
The bunch of old love letters which
I treasure in the secret drawer of my
ancestral desk, and which my great
grandmother wrote to my great-grand
father out of the sweetness of her
maiden heart, are models of propriety.
They might have been sent to any
man. But about their yellowing pages
there clings jthe tender romance of the
life she lived.
Only one matrimonial gateway was
open to her—that of love; and only the
gateway of death led out of the re
lationship. The situation was to her
one which called —not for gossip, not
for publicity—but for a fine reserve
which made of life's deep experience a
shrine.
I learned the songs In later years.
And with her sang them o'er and o'er.
Oh, memory, thy lute and tears
Must meet and mingle evermore!
'Twai "Hush, My Babe"—as fades tha
light
I hear her softly, sweetly croon—
Then "Afton Water," "Stilly Night.**
mctlsslma" and "Silver Moon."
Bin sang them with such tender art—
The art that only mothers know—
And tied the tunes around my heart.
Else it had broken long agol
—Liippincott's.
I than once when and how to do a thing;
get your trial balance out promptly.
I and make it. balance to a cent; be
proud of your occupation—what's
I worth doing is worth doing well; de
[ vise ways for improving your work;
Ido not be a machine, be a thinker;
learn to control your temper—he who
cannot govern himself is unfit to gov
ern others; habits have a great deal
to do with one's prosperity, see to it
that yours are blameless; do not waste
your employer's time by entertaining
your friends during business hours; do
not be afraid of working a few min
utes overtime if it is necessary to finish
what you are doing; be honest; keep
good company; be self reliant; work
faithfully, remembering that to keep
steadily at business Brings success."
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042, •
HIS FUTURE IN DOUBT.
The Nurse—The doctor has ordered
me to give him sulphur baths.
The Housekeeper—Preparing him for
the next world, I gu*a*MERRIMENT, ON THE INCREASE,
WELCOMES THE NEW YEAR.
Fair Maid Announces Her Engagement
YOUNG MAN AND WOMAN, THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF WHOSE ENGAGE
MENT FURNISHED A PLEASANT SURPRISE FOR A HOST OF FRIENDS
GATHERED FOR LUNCHEON AT THE HOME OF THE FIANCEE.
The calm preceding New Year's day
* is but a forerunner of the events that
have assisted in closing the account
of 1904. The prediction concerning
Cupid's methods has proved itself ; the
little elf only napped, and that with
one eye open, for heart affairs are nu
merous and increasing. The merry
days are still evident and deal with the
pastimes appropriate to the season.
The indications point to a continuance
further than the morrow, with a right
royal welcome for 1905.
ENGAGEMENTS.
Miss Jennie E. Sherman gave a New
Year's luncheon yesterday in honor of
Miss Liou Crowe of Alameda. The
friends who gathered for the pleasant
aftair were not expecting double pleas
ure and much glad excitement ensued
when Miss Sherman announced her
engagement to Dr. William Merrill
Try on. The fair fiancee is the daugh
tei of Mr. and Mrs. Charles H. Sher
man and a grandniece of the late Sen
ator John Sherman and General Wil
liam Tecumseh Sherman. Dr. Tryon
is the son of Mrs. M. E. Tryon of
Sacramento and belongs to the dental
profession of this city. He is well
known in fraternal circles, being a
member of Golden Gate Commandery,
Knights Templar, and of the Inde
pendent Order of Odd Fellows. The
home of Miss Sherman was prettily
decorated for the luncheon, poinset
tias, violets, chrysanthemums and
holly filling the rooms. The good
, wishes of the following guests were
• offered: Miss Beulah Potts, Miss Orie
Healy, Miss Gertrude Llnderman, Miss
Vida McKean and Miss Lou Crowe of
Alameda; Miss Mai Folsom, Miss
Maude Folsom, Miss Lillie Cook, Miss
Nelle Gillespie, Mrs. Frank C. Herrick,
Mrs. Harry Keene, Mrs. Andrew Tur
pin, Mrs. George A. Hart, Mrs. C. A.
Chrlstenson, Mrs. Charles E. Rich,
• Mrs. Harry I. Krick, Mrs. C. E. Cul
berson, Mrs. Henry R. Patterson and
Mrs. Tecumseh P. Sherman of this
city. No date has been set for the
Wedding.
Mrs, Isabel Langford of Oakland an
nounces the engagement of her daugh
ter. Alma, to William Hafley of Chi
cago.
The engagement of Miss Selma S.
Goodman and Thomas A. Donlon Is
announced.
Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Zobel announce
the engagement of their daughter,
Martha, to Joseph If. Cohen. A re
ception will be held .n Sunday, Jan
uary 15, at 1308 Pine street.
Mr. and Mrs. I. Fleisig of Santa
Cruz announce the engagement of
•their daughter, Rosalirv . to Emanuel
• Frederic Euphrat of San Francisco.
Mrs. Henry Hart announces the en
gagement of her daughtM-, Lillie, to
Joseph Bergman of this city. A recep
.tion will be Meld on Sunday, January
8, at 2186 Sutter street, from 2 to 5
o'clock^
,Mr and Mrs. A. M. Silvemein an
nounce the engagement of their daugh
ter, Stella, to A. 1* Berniff of New
York. A reception will be held at the
Silverstein home, 3031 Wash:: jrton
street, on January 8, from 2 to 5 o'clock.
The engagement is announced of Mi as
' Mary Levy and Samuel Breslauer.
Mrs. M. Friedman announces the en
• gagement of her daughter, Rae, to
L"vis Myers.
• The engagement is announced of
Miss Dora Kurlandzik of this city and
Joseph Greenberg of New York.
WEDDINGS.
The wedding of Miss lone B. Pen
nington and Chester G. Chipchase,
which is set for January 4, will be a
very quiet affair owing to illness in
the bride's family. The arrangements
for a church wedding have been can
celled and the ceremony will be quietly
performed.
Solomon Colin announces the mar
riage of his daughter, Dorothy, to
Philip L. G. Rosenthal, son of M. G.
Rosenthal of Sydney, Australia, to take
place on January 8. The ceremony will
be performed at the home of the bride's
father. 1663 Bush street, Mr. and Mrs.
"Rosenthal leaving Immediately after
for their home in Salt Lake City.
The marriage of Ruth Alice, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. T. L. Hannah, and
Andr< w F. Kurtz took place last even
ing at s o'clock.
The wedding of Miss Celia Oppen
'heirn and Edward Gensler took place
at the home of the groom's mother,
823& Eddy street, yesterday afternoon.
I The ceremony was private, Mr. and
Mrs. Gensler holding a reception in
! the evening.
j The wedding of Miss Ellen Johnson
| and John Fegan took place at the resi
dence of the groom's mother, 2496
House street, on December 27.
; The marriage of Miss Carolyn Crauer
Baruch and Dr. Albert Cohen took
place yesterday afternoon at the resi
dence of the bride's mother, 1559 Mc-
Allister street. Only the relatives of
the families were present, but a recep
tion was held for friends from 4 to 6
o'clock. -• .
Miss Alma Langford of Golden Gate
and William Hafley of Sacramento
were married at the home of the bride's
mother, Mrs. Isabel Langford, on De
cember 25. The house was prettily
decorated for the event and the bride
was attended by Miss Dora Exstien,
Amid Alarie serving the groom. After
a trip south Mr. and Mrs. Hafley will
live In their new home presented them
by Mrs. Langford.
HOME PARTIES.
On Thursday night Madame Caro
Roma entertained a clever coterie of
friends at her home on Devisadero
street, every- one of whom is contrib
uting something to the world's work or
its pleasure.
Miss Ella McCloskey rendered some
exquisite Nevin songs, likewise some of
Roma's own cycle of songs; Mrs. Fan
nie .Yates Smith, piano selections, also
improvising in fascinating fashion;
Mrs. R. Revalk. Mrs. E. L Bartholomew
and Mrs. Harry Maxwell, vocal selec
tions. Madame Roma, whose dramatic
voice and interpretation has endeared
her to every lover of music, gave se
lections from "Cavalleria Jtusticana,"
"Lucia" and other operas.*
One of the pretitest features of the
evening was t,he dancing of Miss Vio
let Shawhan, the dainty little daugh
ter of Mrs. Ada Romer Shawhan, the
artist. Such exquisite motion is not
often seen as these improvised dances,
full of poetry, power and grace.
Among the guests were Colonel and
Mrs. C. Mason Kinne, Colonel and Mrs.
W. H. Brown, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Smith. Mr. and Mrs. Richard Revalk,
Fernald Revalk, Mr. and Mrs. E. L
Bartholomew, Romer Shawhan, Mr.
and Mrs. Harry Maxwell, Mrs. J. Wolfe,
Mrs. J. C. Walsh, Miss Ella McCloskey!
J. McCloskey, Mrs. Ada Romer Shaw
han, Miss Violet Shawhan.
• » »
Mr. and Mrs. J. N. Williams held a
double celebration at their home, 1604
Guerrero street, on Monday evening,
December 26. The occasion commemo
rated the thirty-third anniversary of
their wedding and also saw the chris
tening of their grandson, Arthur David
Bowen, the ceremony being performed
by Rev. David Evans.
Music and games entertained the
guests throughout the evening, the fol
lowing being present: Mr. and Mrs. J.
W. Williams. Mr. and Mrs. D. T.
Bowen, Mr. and Mrs. A. Roberts, Mr.
and Mrs. J. R. Williams, Mr. and Mrs
J. J. Williams. Mrs. J. Bowen, Edward
Richards, Miss Lawson. Mr. and Mrs.
Evans, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Hughes, Mr.
and Mrs. Redlands, Miss Florence Rob
erts, Mr. and Mrs. F. Clees. Master Ar
thur Bowen. W. R. Williams, H. P.
Williams, Miss Edith Smith.
• * *
Mrs. James Madison gave a reception
to the elocution pupils of Miss Agnes
Marie Noonan at her home on Pacific
Heights Thursday, December 29.
Tne house still bore its holiday attire,
decorations and Christmas tree remain
ing and adding to the attractiveness
of the programme. Miss Noonan's pu
pils varied the programme, giving dra
matic readings, dialect, sketches and
pantomimes, all of which were enter
taining. Games followed and the after
noon passed most successfully. The
participants were Misses Ella Hink,
Eda Prlen, Relda Ford, Hazel Carran,
Florence Braverman, Katherine Sulli
van, Helen Bredhoff, Hazel Shell, Mary
Redmond. Hilda McKean. Helen Blum
berg, rorrine Madison. Margaret King
ston, Ruby Fisher, Lillian Grass, Laura
Hink, Ruth Smith. Avis Babbler,
Gladys Herbert, Helen Umbsen, Fran
ces Taylor, Madeline Slsson, Dorothy
Leland, Frances Bell, Pauline Newman,
Anita John, Wilhelmina Cruckshank,
Ruth Wagner, Fern Fisk, James Madi
son, Louis Ford, Ormond Smith, Paul
Kingston, James Harrington.
• • •
The patients of the "Little Jim"
ward, Children's Hospital, were made
hautiv by a concert given them in the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 2, 1905.
WHOM WILL STATE
ELECT TO HONOR?
LEGISLATURE TO BE ASKED
rOr> STATUES.
Unanimity of Opinion Is Necessary to the
Measure's Success at Sacramento.
A patriotic movement is afoot to pe
tition the Legislature—which will soon
i find itself in its biennial throes—to ap-
I propriate funds wherewith to create
I two statues of Californians who have
1 nobly served the State and to place
I them In the Hall of Representatives at
Washington, all of which is in accord
I with the following statute: "Suitable
I structures and railings shall be created
! in the old Hall of Representatives for
j the reception and protection of statu
] ary, and the same shall be under the
j supervision and direction of the chief
I of engineers in charge of public build
! ings and grounds. And the President
! is authorized to invite all the States to
j provide and furnish statues, in marble
or bronze, not exceeding two in nura
j ber for each State, of deceased persons
I who have been citizens thereof and 11
! lustrious for their historic renown or
distinguished civic or military services,
\ such as each State may deem worthy
of this national commemoration, and
when so furnished the same shall be
j placed in the old hall of the House of
: Representatives in the Capitol of the
i United States, which is set apart, so
' much thereof as may be necessary, as
; a national statuary hall for the pur
i pose herein indicated."
"For historic renown or distinguished
! for civic or military services"—likewise
must the candidates be deceased. This
latter qualification, however, seems
something of a joke, for was ever other
than a dead man popular enough to be
♦ *
sun room by the Adelstein Madolin Or
chestra last Wednesday afternoon-
Other musicians added their quota,
giving the little ones a great deal of
pleasure. The soloists were Miss Mol
; lie Pratt, Miss Helen Heath. The or
i chestra included Mrs. H. H. Sherwood,
! Mrs. E. H. Percy. Miss F. Magnin
i Miss G. Hulln, Miss E. Noonan. Miss E.
! Foster, Glenn Cowgill, Warren Sher
i wood.
• • •
Miss Marie E. Flanigan entertained
' several friends on December 20 at her
home, 968 Hayes street. Music was a
prominent feature of the evening, so
los being given by Miss McMahon,
Miss McCabe, Miss Woodmansee, C.
Hartnett, G. E. Delehanty, J. Goyhe
nix. Dancing was also indulged in and
many pleasant hours rapidly passed.
Among the guests were: Misses Mar
guerite E. McMahon, Phoebe E. Coyle,
Ella D. Conway, Emily Dally. Lena
Watson, Nellie Carey, Frances Watson.
Florence Inskeep, Ethel Baker, Marie
V. McMahon, Mazie and Ella Cook, Co
die Thysohn, Minnie McCabe, Katie
Dunlea, Rosalie Hallahan, Maude
Woodmansee, Nana Fitzpatrick and
Messrs. C. Hartnett, J. Mulvlhill, W.
Henshaw, F. Gore, Charles Dorigan, T.
i Greeley, T. Watson, R. Murphy, W. H.
' Greene, J. Riordan, C, Rednall, W..H.
Sullivan, G. F. Delehanty, D. G. Con
way, T. Greene, W. Hemminga, G.
Drew, J. Goyhenix, A. Schwingler, E.
Hogan.
• » •
Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Roussey enter
tained at a Christmas party on De
comber 26 in their home, 1106 Powell
street.
I Much merriment was indulged in,
' William Jones playing Santa Claus and
i giving much pleasure.
! The California Mandolin and Guitar
Club provided music, with Mrs. E
Haberle as soloist. Those present were:
Miss Lizzie Smith, Miss Nellie Bergner,
Miss Christina Bergner, Miss Stella
Haberle. Miss Emma Haberle, George
i Hilderbrand, Peter Noisey, Miss Emily
| Pearl, Mrs. L. Fox, Mr. and Mrs. F. J.
Roussey, Mr. and Mrs. H. Roussey.
• * •
I A Christmas party was given to the
pupils of Mrs. J. Kunigk on December
26, 3975 Army street. Games and music
I were the main features of the evening,
which was enjoyed by the following
guests: Mabelle Hallman, Dora Cur
ryer, Annie Cole, Nellie Kummer,
i Irene Griffith, Sigrid Andersen, Nellie
I Kelly, Sophie Kelly, Irene Gislow, Ne
j vada Doyle. Ellie Fitzgerald, Flora
' Guenzel, Gertie .Guenzel. Lillian Brand
: ner, Earl Fulwider, Victor Peterson,
! Ed Peterson, Andy Hahn, Bert Giss
i low, Elwin Willits, C. Gisslow, W. Giss
i low F. Daniels, C Samman, Walter
! and' Irving Hahn. R. Kunigk. George
! and C. FliCke, Karl Curryer, Elsie
■ Hahn, Eveline Gostry, Jennie Flicke,
I Rose Rathman. Myrtle Hahn, Lorraine
I Pfarrer, Ruth M. Gaffey, Rita Grif
fith.
CLUB PARTIES.
Miss F. Crouchman entertained the
Crystal Whist Club on Tuesday even
ing last, at which the following mem
bers were present: Dr. and Mrs. M.
H. Atkins, Mr. and Mrs. F. Moore, Mr.
and Mrs. C. Cramer, /Mr. and Mrs.
L A Merrell, Mr. and Mrs. H. J.
Schneiderwind, Mrs. E. Ward, Miss
F. Couchman, Miss Agnes King,
B B Saffold, C. Scholtz, C. Risdon.
• » •
The Pianistlc Club, Mrs. A. Chamot,
Mri W. Wilson, Miss S. A. Wafer, Miss
Alice Dunn and Miss Mabel Vander
hoof, active members, will hold its first
open rehearsal January 3, at the resi
dence of Mrs. Harriet McCarthy, 711
Pine street, under the direction of
Richard A. Lucchesi. A few strictly
musical people have been invited to
hear the programme, which consists
principally of ensemble pieces, for
strings and piano forte, sonatas, trios
and quartettes. A vocal part will also
be given by Mrs. Eva Avery Miss
Cecile Zinnen and Miss Mabel Vander
hoof. The "Llebes Tod," from Wag
ner's "Tristan and Isolde," a sonata
by Corelll, for piano, two violins and
'cello, a concertstuck by Longo for
piano and violin, and a trio for piano,
violin and 'cello, by Mr. Lucchesi, will
be among the most Interesting num
bers.
PERSONALS.
Mr. and Mrs. R. N. Nason (Mabel
Hart) have returned from their wed
ding trip around the world and are
at the St. Francis. Mr. Nason' Is of
the firm, Nason & Co.
Miss Mary Carrick will give a piano
recital of old Irish melodies in Stein
way Hall on Thursday evening, Jan
uary 12.
Mrs. Daniel Ruff and Mrs. Lucie
Levy are residing at 1629 Webster
street, where they will be "at home"
on Saturdays.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Wolff announce the
confirmation of their son. Harry, on
December 31, at Sherod Israel.
Mrs. Anspacher of 805 Van Ness
avenue is entertaining her sister, Mrs.
M. Heller, from New York.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Roberts (nee At
tell), held a reception at their home,
1038 Minna street, yesterday from 2
to 5. i
LAURA BRIDE POWERS
perpetuated in marble?
As to the first group of qualifications,
there is a vast array of choice, and
herein, good friends, is the great
and omnipresent opportunity for the
"knockers"—they whose special purpose
in life seems to be to checkmate public
enterprises and to oppose all things pa
triotic, political or economic, unless
self-interest prompts support. But, fel
low Californians, now's the time to
checkmate the "knockers." So wake
up! The movement to place these
statues in Washington is now an issue.
It has been proposed by the Pioneer
Women, the Native Daughters and by
other patriotic bodies, and the matter
will be in the hands of the Legislature
ere many weeks. And it is said that
Senator George B. Keane, on behalf of
the Native Daughters, will introduce a
bill in the upper house for an appro
priation for these statues.
Just what the Pioneer Women will do
should the Native Daughters present
their bill first is problematical. But It
is hoped that, being good Californians,
they will stand by and lend a hand In
the name of good citizenship.
Now, who shall the great men be?
Here's the block upon which the anvil
of the "knockers" will ring.
The Pioneer Women's petition, circu
lated by them some time ago, asking
for support to the measure names Ice
land Stanford and Joseph Le Conte as
the men to be honored. Along come the
Native Daughters, who proclaim the
name of that first-Californian, Junipero
Serra, to be the only logical one.
Besides Junipero Serra, Stanford and
Le Cjnte, Thomas Starr King is pro
claimed as deserving of honor; like
wise Colonel Baker, General John Sut
ter, James Marshall and a few other
early Californians of renown.
Friends, a choice must be made, and
made before the bill comes up for con
sideration, else it will fail of passage
on its Incompleteness.
! That we may not place our State in
1 the embarrassing position of not know
i ing what she wants, get your thinking
I caps on and decide upon the men whom
J YOU think deserve recognition from
\ the State for their "distinguished ser
! vices or historic renown." And let the
' decision be free from politics, free from
j religion and free from race prejudice.
' Unless these unworthy factors be ellm
j mated then is the object of the rearing
j of memorials defeated.
So the ghost will not down!
Up bobs the old story of taking
"mixed" clubs Into the State redera
tion. And the question is being agi
tated vigorously in Southern Califor
nia, where the plan seems to have
hosts of supporters.
Now, what type of club Is a woman's
club with men in it? Clearly the men
are interlopers. It ceases to be a wo
man's club, immediately upon the ac
quisition of men. And it's hardly com
plimentary to the men, methinks, to
be thus hauled in under sufferance.
And it's not believed that the men are
o'er anxious for admission.
But aside from these minor matters,
the adoption of the amendment to the
constitution of the State Federation
admitting "mixed" clubs, would, im
mediately operate to eject the Califor
nia State Federation from the National
Federation, which is distinctly an ag
gregation of women. Ltadies, how
would you like that?
Many of the northern clubs are gird
ing on their armor to put up a good
fight against the amendment. It prom
ises to be the interesting thing of the i
February* meeting in Los Angeles.
There's much commotion caused in
northern clubdom by the proposing of
Mrs. Joslah Evans Cowles for the next
State presidency, as many of the lead
ing clubs are stoutly In favor of the
re-election of Mrs. George Law Smith
whose tactful and diplomatic admin
istration is conceded to be the most
popular since the organization's birth.
Mrs. Evans is likewise a«n immensely
popular woman, but the political wise
acres in clubdom prophesy the follow
ing year for a southern California
„ ADVERTISEMENTS. _ ...
Sale 4^!
I Of CLOAKS—DRESSES—SKIRTS and WAISTS I
1 Don't think you know what a grand CLEARANCE SALE means until you have seen our goods and I
I prices. QUALITY MEANS PRICE the world over, and we take goods that have quality and style and mark them I
m down to prices that make them CLEAR AND ABSOLUTE BARGAINS. You cannot purchase the qualities we of- m
W fer at our prices anywhere else. It will pay you to visit our store dftring THIS GRAND CLEARANCE SALE. 1
' *ur«!»t S7.CO Crepe de °!j smb! ■
SiSrSso for p « 5 00 $ 15 - 00 sUrtB $9 Bkck 1
1)5.00 All Wool Creme Crepe de * | fa $3 5Q Jackets, $5 V
, !*nU J £*? ST c L Ut ßiS $60.00 NEAR SEAL FUR JACKETS—Made $7.00 An-jooichev- »oo aii-w.«i I
r» h te , * «•»-?• yew of genwne mink, chinchilk or saiiirrel. I
Ig^Se... 57.50| I":::;;.; M.75 now on sale at $25.00 \*-- »- 50 l » 5 - 0 D |
COATS ALL WOOL WAIST BARGAINS EVENING COATS 1
Lour lieutenant Costs in Tan. Covert, and S'.oO »le*»nt tight Tan STsning Coat, lined all •
Black Kerseys. $20.00 to $25.00 Coats. Sals 2252 J, I **? A , lp *°* S WSt through with Waits Duchsss Satin: were ■
53.75 Bison Alpaca waists ........... • »*.uii a .... w
I *rles 515.00 $5.00 Fine Velveteen Waists ■ 12.75 150.00: now on sals £
0 n KsEliiy ft LIE PES Kearny Slj
NKWMAT & TJETVTNSON.
Silk fSmw — {% We Fill
sh inches wide l\l • Mail Orders
- i • ~ " ~ ' ... Mr tor anything in this
r vi ofi tt Kearny and Sutter Sts. ST^T^i your
- wnr hr »ni»riv letter will receive im-
Tt yard I Store Opens 8; 30 A. g» doses 5:30 P. M. | mediate attention -
Annual Sale of Muslin Underwear
Newest Styles at Most Temptingly Low Prices
This eagerly watched for annual event opens here Tuesday morning with greater assortments
and better values than ever before. They're not odd lots, nor broken lines, but new, perfectly
made undermuslins, bought specially for this occasion — garments daintily trimmed with tucks,
hemstitchings, laces and embroideries. While the sale will continue during the entire week, first
and second days' choosing will, of course, be best.
Muslin Night Gowns Dainty Corset Covers
At.... 45c, 650, 750, 850, 90c tI.OO and 11.25 At Sso, 350, 450 85c, 75c. 900, 11.00 up to §3.00
Fine Cambric Gowns Many Pretty Chemises
At 11.35, §1.50 11.75. 11.90, 12.2 ft up to 14.60 At 650 750, 90c, 11.00, 11.35,11.65 and 11.85
Best Muslin Drawers Choice Muslin Skirts
At...250, 35c, 500, 65c 750. 11.00 up to 12.50 At. ..75c, 950. 11.00, 11.25, 11.66 up to 16.26
The above goods are now on display in our Show Windows.
Sale of Staple Black Silks
At Prices That Have Never Been Equaled
To-morrow begins the most important sale of Black Silks ever held in this city. It represents a
manufacturer's surplus stock, in addition to several numbers of our regular goods — and the differ
ence between actual values and selling prices is so pronounced as to merit the attention of every
lady interested in Silks.
RlnrLr Tflffptfl 19 incnes w,de » an excellent quality for lining purposes —well known 3fV»
DldLrY 1 allCia to every dressmaker; special, per yard OUC
BLACK TAFFETAS, bright and lustrous, BLACK PEAU DE SOIE, superior qualities,
19 Inches wide, value 75c yard, at 500 19 inches wide, value 85c yard, at 65©
21 Inches wide, value 85c yaiJ.at ...650 21 inches wide, value $1.25 yard, at 950
27 inches wide, value $1.00 yard, at 75c 27 Inches wide, value fi.so yard, at 11.00
Black Messaline, 23 inches wide, very fine /- Black Louisina —a rich, handsome quality, 19
dress quality; value $1.00 yard, at ©DC inches wide; value 85c yard, at OOC
Black Peau de Soie, good quality, ail silk, 36 Black Satin Duchesse, very superior quality, 4 ftA
inches wide; value $1.75 yard, at 27 inches wide; value $1.50 yard, at JpI.UU
Embroideries, Very Low Priced
On Special Sale, Tuesday—fine Cambric, Nainsook and Swiss Embroideries in broken sets —
marked at almost half original prices. Excellent patterns in edgings, insertings and headings are
included in this offer — all choice, seasonable goods and in perfect condition.
15c Embroideries, on Sale at 100 60c Embroideries, on Sale at..-. 300
30c Embroideries, on Sale at..........150 70c Embroideries, on Sale at .........400
35c Embroideries, on Sale at 20c 85; Embroideries, on Sale at 500
50c Embroideries, on Sale at 250 $1.25 Embroideries, on Sale at 750
New White Goods Fine Stationery
For Spring 1905 Generous Reductions
, . . M , . Dainty boxes filled with from one to four
„, W,th * n !>' c t0 early showing of the finest in jres J Eaton & Hu rlburt's fine paper. The
White Goods, we purchased months ago over 60 g Qxes are al , beautifu ,i y decorated. Some were
approved designs-including entirely new Bro- sU ht , soiled duri H £ lid sal but in no
cade, Moire, Floral and Stripe effects—Special affecting the paper or envelopes.
to-morrow, 2 . Q stationery, now 15c box
27-in. White Brocaded Cambrics, yard...2oc 35c Stationery, now 20c box
27-in. White Figured Poplins, yard...2sc 40c Stationery, n0w.........25c box
27-in. White Striped Madras, yard...3sc 60c Stationery, now 40c box
27-in. White Brocaded Crepes, yard...4sc Also all our finer grades at similar reductions.
presidency. However, February will
tell the tale.
• • •
The California Club issues the follow
ing calendar for the month:
Tuesday. January 3, 1905—2:30 p. m.—Ad
dress by William A. Gate*, secretary of the
State Board of Charities and Corrections, sub
ject "'Our Obligations to the Prisoner"; "The
Work of the California Societies for the Friend
less," Rev. S. E. Lynd.
Tuesday. January 17—Programme in charge
of Department of Social Science; Mrs. Sidney
Smith Palmer, leader of hospital section; vio
lin solo, "Legend" (Wleniawski), Mrs. John
R. Owynn; talk, "Modern Treatment of Lung
Trouble* in Europe and America," Dr. Annie
G. Lyle; soprano aria from "Aida," Mrs.
Thomas Nunan; violin solo, waltz, "L'Aragon
essa" (Alard), Mre. John R. Gwynn; (music
furnished by courtesy of the music section.
Mrs. John 0. Sibley leader).
Tuesday. January 31—Social day—Programme
in charge of Mrs. Charles J. Kaighin, chair
man. Address. "The Art of Right Thinking,"
Miss Marie Withrow; vocal solos by Mrs. Ruth
Browne, Mrs. M. Mawley and A. J. Pumell.
Department and section meetings—Directors*
meeting, Monday, 10 a. m., January 2; Span
ish section. Monday, 3 p. m., January 2; par
liamentary section. Tueeday. 1:30 p. m.. Jan
uary 3; French section. Thursday. 2 p. m.,
January 5; whist section, Friday, 10 a. m.,
January B; forestry section, Friday, 10:30 a.
m. January 6: 'department of education, Fri
day, 3:30 p. m., January 6: Spanish section,
Monday, 3 p. m.. January 9; department of
civics. Wednesday, 10:15 a. m., January ,11;
art section, 3:30 p. m., January 11; literature
section. Thursday. 8:30 p. in.. January 12;
whist section, Friday, 10 a. m., January 13;
music section, Friday, 3 p. m.. January 13;
directors' meeting. Monday, 10 a. m. January
16; Spanish section, Monday, 3 p. m., January
16; parliamentary section, Tuesday, 1:30 p. m..
January 17; French section, Thursday. 2 p. m.,
January 19; current topics section, Thursday,
3:30 p. m., January 19; whist section, Friday,
10 a. m., January 20; traveling library sec
tion. Friday. 10 a. m.. January 20; department
of social science, Friday, 3 p. m., Japuary 20;
Spanish section, Monday 10 a. m.. January 23;
department of civics, Wednesday. 10:16 a. m.,
January' 25: art section. Wtdnesday, 3:30 p. m.,
January 25; literature section, Thursday, 3:30
p. m., January 26; whist section, Friday, 10
a. m., January 27; music section, Friday. 3
p. m.. January 27; Spanish section. Monday. 3
p. m., January 30; parliamentary section,
Tuewiay. 1 30 p. m.. January 31.
•Frank F. Bunker of the State Normal
School of San Francisco will address the de
partment of education Friday. January 6, at
3:30 p. m. on "Library Work in the Public
Schools." All members are invited.
There will be a Mary Lake memorial day at
Century Hall. 1213 Sutter street. Tuesday,
January 17. at 3 p. m. Address by Rev. Wil
liam Kirk Guthrie.
Tokalon Club, Mrs. Laura Y. Pin
ney, president, will meet to-morrow in
the chapel of Calvary Church, at Jack
son and Fillmore streets. The follow
ing program will be presented:
• • •
3 p. m. programme—"Valse" (Chopin), Miss
Florence Hassell; "Shena Van" (Mrs. H. H. A.
Beach), Mrs. Mar}' C. Mead; (a) "Morning,"
(b) "Evening" (Landon Ronald) Mlsa Ruta
Weston: "The Swallows" (Cowan), Mrs. Mary*
C. Mead; Rhapsodle No. 0 (Liszt), Miss Flor
ence Hassell.
Section work to begin In January: Shake
spearean, second and fourth Tuesdays, 11 a. m.,
Mrs. H. J. Summerhayes chairman, 2125 Brcxl
erlck street, Mrs. Henri Fairweather leader;
standard fiction, first and third Wednesdays,
11 a. m., Mrs. N. J. Tharp chairman 1000
Lyon street; current writers and their books,
second and fourth Saturdays, 11 a. m., Mrs.
W. 8. Perkins chairman, 614 Sutter street;
musical literature, second and fourth Thurs
days, 10:30 a. tn.. Mrs. Calhoun Bryant chair
man, 2916 Clay street.
• • *
The Department of Education o<
the California Club, Mme. Emilia
Tojetti, chairman, will present a pro
gramme of great Interest on Friday,
January 6, at 3:30 p. m. Frank F.
Bunker, of the State Normal School,
will speak on "Library Work in the
Public Schools." Mrs. W. P. Angela
will give "Some practical suggestions
for co-operation between public schools
and public libraries." The Department
of Education is composed of a large)
number of clever women with Ideas on
educational progress.
The Society of Daughters of Cali
fornia Pioneers will hold Its business
meeting on Monday, January 9, at 3
o'clock, as to-day Is a legal holiday.
910
.lOHN D.
Address Communications to
\\\ J. MARTIN... .Bu^to«ss_Mjmajger
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator W" 1 C° n "
• nect you With the Department You W lsa.
I'ublicatlon Office Market and Third, S. F.
Eflitorlal Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson a,.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
■ is. Per Month. Simile Copies 6 Lt*.
Terms by Mall, Including; Postage (Cash "vVltn
Order): cc
DXILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 year... $8. w
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday), 6 mos...
DAILY CALL— By Single Month
M X DAY CALL, 1 Year
WEEKLY CALL. 1 year -•
VOnvnrK fba11v...?8.60 Per Tear Extra
Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
IOSTAGE. jWeeklv. 1.00 Per Tear Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS " ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded, when re
quested. .
Mail subscribers in ordering change °,L a £;
dress should be particular to give both NiAV
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re
quest,
OAKLAND OFFICE:
.1016 Broadway Telephone Mala 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telephone North TT
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Post Build tag
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brtntano 81
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Ca: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House,
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Marquette BriIJUMT.
(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2SIS. >
NEW YORK RKPRBSENT ATTNTB:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
. NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
H P. m.
1527 Montgomery street, corner Clar; open until
8:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Command- „ ±
cry, No. 16, K. T., 635 Sutter st. — ,f_P
Stated assembly THIS EVENING ICOI
at 8 o'clock. All fraters are cour
teously invited. By order of the Com
mander. THEO. FROLICH, Recorder.
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter, No. 1, a>
Royal Arch Masons, meets THIS *vS#'
EVENING. Business or.lv.
H. G. PRINCE, Secretary
OCCIDENTAL Lodge, No. 22, F. & A
A. M., THIS (MONDAY) EVEN-
ING at 7:30 o'clock. Stated meet-
Ing.
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secty.
HERMANN Lodge, No. 127, F. & A. _
M.—Stated meeting THIS DAY Yx
(Monday), Jan. 2, 1905, at 7:30 p. m. /VN
By order of the W. M.
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
p[ nx '
ahce is requested.
JOHN I. SPEAR, Secy.
FOR Auld Lang Syne—The St. An- .
draw's Society will celebrate the CS.
14(ith anniversary of the birth of
Robert Burns on Wednesday eve,
25th January, in Scottish Hall. Larkin st.
An excellent literary and musical propramme j
is beins prepared.
GEO. ST. J. BREMNER, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by hydraulic
process from B. G. Smith and S. H. Robin
son, in Celtic and Monterey gravel mine, at
Columbia, Tuolumne County, Cal., draining
into Mormon Creek, which reaches Stanis
laus River; from J. F. Schindler, In Council
Hill mine, near Scales, Sierra County, Cal.,
draining into Rock Creek, which reaches
Yuba River; from J. B. Stewart, in Stewart
mine, near Uleta, Amador County. Cal.,
cralninsr into Indian Creek, which reaches
Consumnes River; from W. and G. W. Car
penter and Vie Henderson, in Independence
hydraulic mine, near lowa Hill, Placer
County, Cal., draining into Independence
Creek, which reaches North Fork of Ameri
can River; from Gold Top Mining Co., In
Orchard placer mine, near Pine Grove, Am
ador County, Cal., draining into Jackson
Creek, which reaches Mckelumne River, and
from Victor, Frank and Joseph Dondero. in
Gold Nugget mine, near Columbia, Tuolumne
County, Cal., draining Into Weeds Creek,
which reaches Tuolumne River, gives notice
that a meeting to receive any protests will
he held at room CB. Flood building, San
Francisco, Cal., Jan. 9. 1905, at 1:30 p. m.
THE California Debris Commission, having re
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic pro
cess from Winp- K-e. in American Hydraulic
mine, near Port Wine. Sierra County, Cal.,
draining Into Morristovvn Ravine, thence Into
, Yuba River; from Jerry Curtis, in Forest
Grove mine, near Johnsvillp. Plumas County.
Cal.. draining into East Nelson Cre°k, which
reaches Feather River; from North Star Min
ing Company, in Lancell Placer mine, near
Mnkelumne Hill, Calaveras County, Cal.,
draining Into Rich Gulch, which reaches
Calaveras River: and from J. A. Hartman.
In Olayic n Ranch Ravin? mine, near Forbes
' town, Yuba County, Cal.. draining Into Dry
Creek, which reaches Yuba River, gives no
tice that a meeting to .receive any protests
will be held at room 88, Flood building.
Ban Francisco, Cal., January 16, lOOii at
1:30 p. m. .
THE annual meeting cf th» stockholders of
lbs Nevada National Bank of San Fran
cisco, Cal., will he held at Its banking- |
|>cuie, 30J. Montcomfrv Ft. Pan Franclccn, ;
Cal.. on TUESDAY January 10. 1005. !
st 3:15 p. m., for the election of directors to
serve during the ensuing year, and for the
transaction cf ruch other business as may
ccme before the meeting.
GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
December 10. 1904. j
ANNUAL MEETING—The annual meeting of |
the stockholrlfrs of the Sprint; Valley Water '
Company will be he'd at the office of the !
company. 126 Stockton st., at 12 o'clock,
roon. on WEDNESDAY, the 11th day of
January, I*os, for the election of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and for the 1
* transaction cf such other business as may I
come before the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW. j
A FRAUDULENT divorce is dear aJ'siTand !
is no good; for 22 years I've made divorces j
a specialty; quick, quiet; no money needed;
no pay unless divorce Is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free: collections
made, G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-law, Exam, bldg.,
, 6th floor; entrance room 611; established 20
years; all courts, general court and office
practice; no fees In advance or for consulta
tion: evening hy appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AA—Divorce; costs $12; oulck,qulet:advlce free;
all law business; no charge unlesa success
ful; open evenings. 927 Market st., room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or '
costs In advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings 819 Market st., r. 33. j
JOHN GUIDERY. attorney-at-law. rooms I
and 4, 240 Montgomery st.; phone Red 6617.
L. P. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304; consulta
tion free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
ASTHMA CTJKE.
Dl SOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves lnstatvtly; i
10c. 25c. 50c. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas,
also Wishart. 10th and Washington. Oakland
U—'-.J—- . ... _js ;
AUTOMOBILES.
WANTED —An automobile of good make and
must be in good condition. Box 3403, Call.
WANTED —To buy automobile for two persons.
Box 3307. Call.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
MAN and wife will board child and treat as
their own; yard; sunny rooms. 2132 O'Far
rell st.; tel. West 2122.
WANTED—To board and room a child. 118
Page st.
CHILDREN boarded: sunny; yard; best of ref
erences. 3771 Twentieth at
WANTS to take care of an infant; good care.
' 282 Turk St., MRS. WEBER, '
BUSITTES3 CHANCES.
A—s22oo; CORNER saloon en California St.;
rent $75; old established business and good
paying place; fine fixtures; large stock; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKB, 26% Kearny.
A—sl2oo; ROADHOUSE; 4 furnished rooms;
rent $60; lease; shuffleboard; place estab
lished many years; best location on San Ma
teo road. Call R. G. WILKB, 26% Kearny.
A—sl2oo; FRUIT and produce stand in leading
market; doing a business of $100 per day; 3
horses, 2 wagons; a splendid offer and rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A —$800; RESTAURANT and chophouse; close
to 2 carhousea; 5 rooms; rent $33; established
years; doing a flrst-olass huslness; Investi
gate; this is a good business and a bargain.
Particulars R. G. WILKB. 26% Kearny st.
A—s4ooo: BAKERY and confectionery, estab
lished many years, baking 7 barrels per day;
6 horses, wagons and buggy; one of the best
nl this city. See R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—s3so; well established real estate office in
Napa CO.; office doing a good business; has
valuable contracts; clearing about $150; par
ticulars. R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
A—s7so; HALF Interest In manufacturing busi
ness; established 16 years; partner can clear
$150 easy per month; raje chance. R. G.
WILKB, 26% Kearny st.
A—slsoo; tea and coffee store, crockery, etc.;
estab. years; stock Invoice to about $2500;
owner engaged In business tn Arizona; must
sacrifice. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A—ssoo; HARDWARE, locksmith and electri
cal repair shop; established 25 years; best
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 2«%
Kearny.
A—$1800; SALOON on water front, cloae to
Market St.; net rent $120; place established
many years and known as a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—s9oo; BAKERY with delicatessen store. Ice
cream parlor; in very best location; will bt»
sacrificed; owner must leave at once for New
York; rent $20. Call R. O. WILKE, 28%
Kearny st. _
A—s3« r >QO; LIQUOR store, with S yean* lease:
$2000 stock guaranteed; 1 block north of
Market; a very rare chance. Call on R. G.
WILKB, 26% Kearny at.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
dally receipts $50; rent $80; lease: place lo
cated close to Market and a good business.
Call on R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—sl2oo; OLD-ESTAB. dyeing and cleaning
works; 8 horses; 4 wagons; net rent $20;
place estab. for many years and has a large
patronage: a good paying business. Call on
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A—$1000; HOTEL; a first-class paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen with 6-year
lease; close to carhouse and other factories.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st,
A —$1800; RESTAURANT for sale. In the best
mining town in the State of Nevada; dally
receipts, $150; opposite the round house; no
better paying proposition in Nevada. Partic
ularsß. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny it.
$000—WILL take partner in a good paying,
nicely furnished coffee parlor and restau
rant; lease; or owner will sell for $1100;
part on time. See R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A—s7ooo; BAKERY, one of the best in city;
monthly sales $6000; splendid chance for two
partners; not all cash necessary. Particulars
see R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s2soo; HOTEL In Sonoma Co.; 20 turn,
rooms; dining and bar room, bus, 2 horses,
cow, etc., and 7 acres of land; 5 years' lease;
rent $50. or owner will sell whole property
for $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKB, 20%
Kearny st.
A—sl7so; CORNER grocery and bar, with 5
living rooms, on Sacramento st.; 4% years'
lease; rent $45; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
$550—RESTAURANT; very best location: rent
$60; close to Kearny and Bush; good-paying
investment; investigate. Call on R, G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s23so: COAL, wood, hay and grain busl- i
ness; 3 horses, 3 wagons; net rent $34;
Place established years; very best loca- j
tion; a good cash business. See R- G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A—S800; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es
tab. 20 years and known as a good busi
ness. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s24so: CORNER grocery and bar, 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash busi
ness; location can't be beat; value in sight.
See R. G. WILKE 26% Kearny st.
a —s26oo; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block from Examiner building; place estab
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s3soo; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.; rent $60; living rooms; stock will In
voice about $2800; a well established and |
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
For sale—23o acres, all tillable land; 2 miles I
from S. P. R. R.; 20 miles from coast, on \
main line between S. F. and Los Angeles;
San Luis Obispo County; in rich valley of
Hucno River; deep, rich loam soil, 6 feet
deep; 80 acres of this Is little rolling, but
easily cultivated; no house or barn; fine
well of water; refused $10,000 short while
ago; price now $8000, as must leave coast.
Here is an opportunity of getting one of the
best groceries and bars in city; fine transfer
corner; downtown and doing big business;
cheap rent; 5 years' lease; receipts average
$18o> to $2000 per month; never changed
hands; best of reasons for selling. CAM
ERON & CO.
Exchanges made in all kinds of real estate, '
rooming-house and business chances. CAM
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
One of the best grocery and liquor stores; been
established for 20 years; doing fine business;
clearing $300 to $500 per month; owner has
made fortune and wishes to retire from busi
ness, good horse and wagon, with complete
stock, goes for $1800; fixtures worth price
asked; present owner there 8 years.
Fcr sale —First-class bazaar and cigar busi
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rent;
fixtures and store up-to-date: established 17
years; fine new stock of goods; has never
changed hands; now clearing $350 and over
per month; best reason for selling; an op
portunity of a lifetime. SEE CAMERON
& CO.
For sale —Well furnished and equipped country
hotel; 59 rooms; rent only $150; ten-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through
out; about 50 miles from S. F.; fine, grow
ing town; present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
First-class saloon; downtown; two blocks from
Market st.; rent $75; well fitted up; receipts
$18 to $25 per day; must be sold on account
of other business; price, $1600. CAMERON
& CO.
First-class short order restaurant, downtown;
ritiings r.'.w and up-to-date; receipts $75 to
$80 per day; fine opportunity to get Al prop
osition reasonable; best of reason for sell
ing. CAMERON & CO.
For sale—Firit-elass downtown cigar store;
doing good business, but disagreement of
partners cause CAMERON & CO.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES. ,
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
description do not fail to call upon us; we
may have just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH.
Removed James Flood building.
Rooms 574, 876 and 878.
A PAYING grocery in Western Addition, fine
cash trade. $3500; good saloon on Turk St.,
$800: roadhouse on Mission road. $650; sport
ing-house in country, only one' in town, at
Invoice: coffee and lunch house on Market
St., $1000; cigar store on Eddy st., $400;
fine hotel In Pajaro Valley. $2500; businesses
of all kinds sold and exchanged. EI TEL &
CARROLL, 212 Kearny st.
$10,000 —Market-st.ealoon; elegantly fitted up;
excellent location; 5-year lease; reasonably I
low rent; $2500 Al stock; clears not less than
$350 per month; owner must sell on account
of other business; Investigate this; grand
place. R. E. CALLAHAN, 26 Montgomery.
STEAM laundry for sale In a large coast I
town; the only steam laundry In town; the I
plant In first-class condition. Address box
3723, Call office.
$100 secures legitimate office business clearing
$250 a month; investor fully secured; ex
perience unnecessary. 1118 Market st, room L
COUNTRY newspaper properties for sale;
dally, weekly. W. F. CORNELL & CO., 618
Sacramento st.
$200 —ACTIVE man wanted as partner to do
plain, light work; sure profit of $75 to each
per month. Apply 632 Market Bt., room 6.
OFFICE business.
Well established; $600 and services of right
party secures half Interest. Box 3680, Call.
DELICATESSEN store on Union St.; good
neighborhood: small business and good trade;
will sell for $300. Box 3402, Call.
A GOOD living: $1200; retiring from business;
second-hand book store. 1250 Mission et.
GROCERY. $1800; clean standard stock. Ad
dress R. S. V. P., Palo Alto, Cal.
————————————————————— » '
WANTED—To buy a delicatessen store; state
lowest price. Box 3288, Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 2, 1905.
F. A. BROOKBANK.
BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market St., between Fifth and Sixth.
$350 AND services secure an interest in old
estab. office and oommlseton business clear
ing $200 to $250 mo.; no experience required:
party must be sober and reliable and furnish
good references, as same will be tendered
him. Particulars with BROOKBANK.
$125 —PARTNER for restaurant on water
front; clearing $75 to each monthly: no night
or Sunday work. See BROOKBANK.
FOR sal*! —Old stand, family liquor store; low
rent: price $1250: more than value in eight.
Inquire at 104 Clay st.
WOULD like to purchase a oigar stand. Box
3097, Call.
WANTED —To buy a grocery store; no agents.
997 Market St., room 212.
FOR sale, or will take partner, saloon and 15
rooms; last chance. 212 East at.
TO lease—Good country hotel, 40 to 60 rooms.
Box 3202. Call.
$100 —GOOD business; man or woman. Box
3724. Call office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
REMOVED Jan. 1, 1905.
REMOVED.
MARION GRIFFIN
Has removed from the Hearst building to suite
801, near elevators.
JAMES FLOOD BUILDING,
Corner of Market and Powell sts., opposite
Emporium.
Free list Of
HOTELS AND ROOMING-HOUSES.
of 68 rooms' T
-89.
Fashionable room- year leas*. In
tng-house of 88 com* 8480 over
rooms, on Sutter rent. Modern
st. Furnishings building Price,
cost $6010. Every- $6700. Terms %
thing Is cash.
FIRST CLASS. See
All the roomers MARION
must give ac- GRIFFIN.
ceptable refer- ■
enoes. House is
full. Profit Is ex- 19.
actly $187 month- Draw $200 In gold >
ly. Owing to lm- out of the bank I
mediate departure and let the bal- 1
from city price Is ance of youi !
$3500. money stay there ,
until you have J
See given this 19
-——— room house a
MARION thorough trial.
Price $1600, re-
GRIFFIN. duced
—to $1200—
You pay $200
- down and we j
154. back you for a j
Clean profit $386 thousand; house
monthly in a par- located In busi
tlally furnished ness center, north
154-room house. of Market st. For
Price $7500; Ist this holiday snap
payment $2000.
See
See
. MARION
MARION •
< GRIFFIN.
GRIFFIN.
. ■ 16.
24. THINK rapidly
Transient house, and act quickly
near Market st.: on this 16-room
clears $125 to $200 house: north of
monthly. The net Market In a quiet,
profit for 1904 up respectable neigh
to Christmas was borhood.
exactly $1506. —Rent $30—
owner desires to Price put down to
leave, S. F. at —$500 —
once. For $500 Terms, % cash
first payment will and $10 monthly.
put you in pos-
session. See
See MARION
MARION GRIFFIN,
GRIFFIN. Suite 801,
JAMES FLOOD
85. Building.
READER, see No. .
85. IF YOU ARE Cor. Market and
AMBITIOUS to Powell.
MAKE MONEY
take a little time
and examine this 9.
grand corner CORNER house, 9
house of 85 rooms rooms, for $350;
large, airy and on Sutter st.
most beautifully —RENT $45—
sunny nooms. All INCOME
well furnished and $90 monthly,
full of roomers; All large rooms:
rent $4 50 per all sunny rooms;
room; 4-year . new furnishings,
lease; owner out —Cost $741 —
of city: make Will show the bills
your own offer to THIS Is a
SNAP
MARION for the
Glad NEW YEAR
GRIFFIN, Owner Is away.
House runs itself.
Suite 801, No work.
The roomers
JAMES FLOOD are high class.
Building, MARION
Cot. Market and GRIFFIN,
Powell.
Suite 801,
JAMES FLOOD
100.
, E L E G A NTLY Building.
furnished house of
100 rooms; first- Cor. Market and
class; right down- Powell.
town; very deslr-
able location;
long lease; rea- 82.
sonable rental; Bargain" hunters
clears a large stop howling
amount of money; about high prices
If you are looking and let me show
ror a great busi- ytiu my 32-room
ness proposition house on a prom
you have it in lnent corner; well
this house. Exclu- rurnlshed; abso- J
slvely lutely respectable; j
roomers all mem-
WITH of the
"SMART SET." I
MARION Lease If desired; :
you'll find no <
GRIFFIN, fault with the:
Suite 801, price: It's almost .
a gift. Get full
JAMES FLOOD particulars of my j
only agent,
Building. .
MARION
Cor. Market and
Powell. GRIFFIN, J
In the NEW |
JAMES FLOOD
68.
Dependable house Building.
A—CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1060.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
For sale, 4 years' lease and business of 27
-room northeast corner house, well and com
pletely furnished and equipped boarding house;
ewellest location in city; full permanent, first
class people: on account of departure soon
opportunity Is offered to start In business for
the small Investment of $500.
High-grade family hotel on the hill; ele
gantly furnished; has 80 light and sunny
rooms; always full and clears a fine income,
but stcknees is only cause for being on the
market; good chance for some one to get pay
ing Investment at sacrifice.
Big snap; 31-room apartment house; rent
only $4 per room; well furnished and clearing
$90 per month; will only take $550 cash, bal
ance time; price, $950.
24 beautifully furnished rooms; new house;
new furniture; modern and up to date; com
pleted less than 2 months: close In; sudden
illness In family causes sole chance to get
brand new house as cheap as old one. Owner
sick in bed; rare opporeunity.
First-class investment where you can earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of $4500 In 46
-room house; rent only $125 per month; choice i
location on Sutter St.; always full; best of oak ,
furniture; good carpets; sickness only reason
for selling.
Swell family hotel on Sutter St.; beautifully
furnished; always full; there are 80 rooms:
rent only $425; obliged to leave city; will be
sold at half cost to furnish.
Grand, new, modern apartment-house; beau
tiful building; elegantly furnished; good long
lease with cheap rent; only 16 minutes' walk
from Kearny st.; has 180 rooms and pays $500
to $600 per month; always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had if taken at once.
This Is a fine opportunity for some one with
$1000 cash to get 26 rooms well furnished In
oak and cherry; everything In first-class shape
and clears $85 above all expenses; leaves 3
rooms fcr landlady; balance can be paid out
of house.
Beautiful new building; grand entrance;
electric elevator, lights; steam heat; 60 light
and sunny rooms, elegantly furnished; spacious
halls; draperies and fitting* or tne best; where
you can have an exquisite home besides clear
ing $300 per month above all expenses; close
In; cheap rent and long lease; this house Is
' always full of best people; sickness causes
•ale; exclusively with us.
Nice little house of 16 rooms, with good fur
niture and carpets; rent only $65; must dis
pose -next ten days; make offer.
One of the best 28-room transient houses in
city; fine comer; good location; newly fur
nished; fine condition, and If taken at once
can be got at a bargain; only requires $600
cash down, balance can be paid out of houee.
Will clear $160 to $200 every month; has 2
years' lease; owner obliged to leave city.
Rare bargain can be got in a beautifully
furnished 100-room down town house, carpets,
furniture and draDerles of the best: building
and furnishings less than 2 years; electric
elevator, lights, steam heat: everything mod
ern and up-to-date; cheap rent: owner com
pelled to leave city on account of other busi
ness; bargain of a lifetime; exclusively.
Here is a nice little home of 12 well fur
nished rooms; rent only $60; where you can
clear $50 per month and have 2 best rooms;
Van Ness aye.; only $S5O.
70-rooro country hotel; best interior town In
State; barroom, 2 dining rooms and 5-room
cottage besides: rent $100 per month: can get
10 years' lease; brick building: everything fine
condition; fine business proposition.
Beautifully furnished 6-room modem flat;
new 6 months agoi rent only $25; fine location;
cost over $900: to be sold for $400; departure.
Choice 80-room downtown European hotel;
strictly first class and thoroughly respectable;
every equipment; modern and up to date; al
ways full and clears $360 to $400 per month;
best reasons for selling; with us exclusively.
New. modern 8-room upper flat; choice loca
tion on Ellis: mahogany, blrdscye maple fur
niture; Axmlnster and velvet carpets; cost
$2200 to furnish; will be sold at one-half cost
on account of buying larger house.
14-room house, furnished in oak and mahog
any; good carpets; first-class location; all full
and clearing nice little salary every month;
you can get It for $600 cash.
16 rooms well located on Eddy st.; rent only
$66; oak and cherry furniture: clears $76;
leaves 3 best rooms for landlady; everything
first-class condition; here is a fine home com
bined with nice little business; part down, bal
ance as you make It.
Rare chance to get choice 7-room flat; rent.
Including garbage and janitor service, $40 per
month: furnished In mahogany and oak: best
body Brussels carpets: new 1 year and cost
| $800 to furnish; will sell for $460 on account
of leaving city.
We have a number of special bargains In
flats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern; can
be had for less than half cost to furnish;
must be sold, either account of sickness or
departure.
i Have large list of real estate, hotels, roem-
J Ing houses and business chances for exchange
: or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON A CO.. 8 Eddy st.
NEW FIRM—FISHER A CO.—NEW FIRM.
Successors to Mitchell & Co. In rooming
houses, hotels and flats. James Flood bldg.,
Powell and Market; r. 430. Phone Main 3354.
FOR BALE—Lodging house, 26 housekeeping
rooms; gas ranges, etc.; house full all the
time; will sell at once for $1700. Address
box 3502, Call office.
FOR sale—A rooming-house of 17 rooms. Call
after 12 m.. 162 Fourth st.
J 10 ROOMS and bath, cheap; good location; low
I rent; income. 817 Po6t st.
23 ROOMS; sunny corner: light; rent $50;
water free: lease. Afternoons. 231 Second.
Boomlng-Honses sad Hotels JPor BsJs.
H. C. DECKER 906 MARKET ST.
H. C. DECKER PHONE JOHN 6sl.
SQUARE DEALING—CLEAR TITLES.
Over 28 years selling houses in this city.
MONEY TO 1 -OAN ON ANY HOUSE.
See the Following Bargains:
20 rooms; transient $850
66 rooms; new; fine 7500
14 rooms; only $350 cash 750
190 rooms; apartments; clears $600 0600
19 rooms: rent $75; only $250 cash $760
24 rooms; all light and sunny; rent $60. 1400
i 26 rooms; Market St.; snap 2500
25 rooms; up-to-date hotel; swell location 8200
10-room house; new furniture 600
27-room house on Poet st 2000
8 rooms; sunny corner; N. of Market st. 400
100 rooms: always rented; clears $400.... 8500
108 rooms: apartment; clears $400 a mo.. 8000
H. C. DECKER. 006 Market St.. cor. Stockton
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal:
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. 8. F. Com
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market at.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
eend tor SPAULDING S Pioneer Carpet-beat
ing works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1808 Har
rison St.; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE
DORN & CO.: phone Mission 228.
! MICHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.—First-class
| carpet cleaning, Sc yard. Tel. Mission 74.
! ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
CREDIT CLOTHIERS.
C. F. ADAMS CO., 318
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
j what you want from us and have It charged.
i " - —
CLOTHING RENOVATING.
BUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, Examiner bldg., r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
i COLLECTION OFFICES.
! BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery St.. rooms 0-10. Tel. Main 5580.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate—The Whalebone—Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 60c;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
! warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
: DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
j No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
I pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.2o4 Sutter.
i ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.lst
floor, Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
' PARIS Dental parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
j Set teeth, $1 CO up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c.
' DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
i McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew
art's button and buttonhole factory.llo Taylor
_____ BDUC^TIOHAX^
A—THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
schcol for university, law and medical c< t
leges, begins Its twelfth year. We shall do
better work than before, and give general as
well as special courses. Our departments In
English literature, languages, mathemetics,
sciences, history, etc., are ex:el!ent. Two
of the best teachers In Califo-.-i!a are in
charge of English and of mathematics. Come
and be with us, we prepare you well. Refs.
Pres. Jordan or any Stanford professor. -Day
and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journal
ism will be formed on January 3, 4 and 6 at
2 p. m., at 333 Phelan bldg.; terms very rea
sonable; join these classes; the Instruction Is
excellent; rapid progress assured.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ay res Business Col
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post st., S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college: new, large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi
tions. S. F. Business College, 738 Mission st.
ENGINEERING —Civil, elec., mln.. mech., sur
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
Established 1883; largest In the West; an
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
ALL Eng. and com. branches, $6 mo.: 47 les
sons Benn Pitman • shorthand hold any posi
tion; lndrv. instruc. West. 8u5.C01.,1281 Mkt.
IRVING Institute School for Girls, 2126 Cali
fornia St.; Easter term begins Tuesday,
January 3, 1905.
A—METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 002 Van Ness
aye.; positions sscured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
EDUCATIONAL—Contained.
A. —GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
PRIVATE lessons In telegraphy; rapid success
assured students. 246 Bcott St., nr. Haight.
MME. PRILL'S Piano School. London Con.
2105 Golden Gate ay.; resident pupils taken.
DESIGN; strength materials; graphic statics;
practical; helpful from start; evenings;
mail. 20 Hartford st.
BOOKKEEPING—Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR. expert. 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, (3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. 828 Haight st.
CHICAGO Business College, 1584 Market—Posi
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hin
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mail and per
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine at.—Night class.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY
To Consult
RICHARD MAYO
At Reduced Charges.
Complete clairvoyant readings 500 this week.
I No charce unless satisfactory.
You can be the Judare.
At a glance; before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age. occupa
tion. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood
before you.
LOVE. COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs,
troubles, marriages, restores lost affections,
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quarrels.
TELLS YOU WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
And how to WIN the man or woman you
love, and how to make your husband or wife
be true to you, and how to overcome all
your enemies and how to make a person at
a distance think of you, and how to DE
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM. THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS.
Permanently located. Thoroughly rellabls.
Ellis st.—42l A—Ellis st.
Hours—lo a. m. to 8 p. m. Private flat.
MME. LYNN,
The Eminent Clairvoyant—Psych lo—Mystic.
Special Reduction This Week.
Readings 50c, 50c 60c 60c 50c 50c 50c 60c 60c
Wonderful, bewildering Is the work of Mme.
Lynn, whose readings are a revelation; advice
on love, marriage, courtship, business, mines;
jalso reunites the separated; gives secret power
to control any one In 21 days. She tells your
full name and what you want to know. AH
business strictly confidential.
239 Powell st., near Geary.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. LANGE gives you advice by her gen
uine Egyptian sympathy palmistry, spirit
ualism and crystal readings; has the mag
netic mirror, the greatest secrets of the
world; tells by cards; shows the picture of
Your future husband. Come and convince
yourself; 50c and up. Hours, 10 to 8. and
Sundays. 88 Turk St., bet. Market and Taylor.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medium, reads your life cor
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs In life: never failed to give satis
faction; 25c up. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
LIVINGSTONE.
For reliable clairvoyant reading consult
LIVINGSTONE.
26% Kearny st.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress, The Vendome, 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours—lo
a. m. to 6 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS M. WILLE, 810 Ellis St., clairvoyant,
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques
tion; names given; $1; hours, 10 to 8.
MME PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
with double veil and second sight; tells past,
firesent, future; I. 60c; g. by cards $1; palm
stry full life read., $1. 308 Jones, nr. Eddy.
A —MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known
trance medium; readings dally, 10 to 5. 343
Geary st.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted, clalr. and palm.;
reveals' love, marriage, businees, etc.; L. 50c, ,
O. $1; hours 10 to 9; names, 714 Franklin st.
MME. KRONENBERG, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader; when others fail try me; read
ings 25c. 102% Sixth St., nr. Mission.
MISS WARD. 1206 Market st., parlor 31. clair
voyant, gives names, datea; take elevator.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings dally. 108 6th at.,rooms 1-2
MME." MASSEAU, card reader; L 25c, G 50c.
545 Minna st. Phone Folsom 3597.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
1 mmmmmmmmm '
SPIRITUALISM.
A—MRS. J. J. WHITNEyT hus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
MRS. CRINDLE'S materialising seances Wed.,
Friday and Sunday eves., 50c. 328 Ellis st.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Lar
kln. room 49; readings 1 to 6; tel. South 319.
PROF. FRED EVANS noted elate-wrlter and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
REMOVED —MRS. LESTER to 872 Mislson st.;
clr. Mon., Fri., 8 p m., 10c; read, dally, 50c,51.
ii i ii
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A—JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A—ORPHEUM Employment Office—Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.; tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Office—Best help at
Leon Seung's, 411 % O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 040 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—FEMALE,
A YOUNG Swedish girl would like a position
do in. upstairs work and waiting on table;
wa.es $25. Call at 832 Alabama St., bet.
Twentieth and Twenty-first sts., between
the hours of 11 a. m. and 3 p. m.
A—BOOKKEEPER, cashier, young lady; ex
pert accountant; quick, accurate; all modern
systems; highest references; last position 5
years. Box 3691, Call office.
A person wishes a posi
tion to oo general housework In a small
family; wages $20. 06 Rose aye., off Mar
ket st.
A SWEDISH girl wishes position at general '
housework, plain work or upstairs work; no
postals. 1161 Pacific.
DRESSMAKER, ladles' tailor on suits and
coats, shirtwaist suits; experienced and only
first-class work made at home; engagements
per day. MISS BARSS. Sherman House 28
Eighth st.
QUICK and Intelligent young lady wishes po
sition In office; no stenographer: writes ex
cellent bu/iiness hand. Please call or ad
dress, stating terms, 861% Greenwich st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker would like a few
man engagements In families; $1 60 day, •
carfare. Call or write MRS. DE BARR, 435
Fourth st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, American, wishes I
light housework; small family of adults;
country preferred. Address, Housekeeper, 1
Polk st.
POSITION as housekeeper for widower or for '
a number of men, by a middle-aged widow
from the East; best of references. Box 1691, i
1008 Market st.
WANTED—By an elderly woman to assist
with housework where there are no children;
rood cook. Address 1282 Page St., MRS.
WILLIAMS.
FINE young cook wants position In small fam
ily; an excellent manager; very economical;
wages $25 to $30; fare expected. Box 3206,
Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
housecleaning. $1 50 and car fare. MRS.
OSGOOD, 115 Hayes st.
A WOMAN would do washing by the day;
$1 25 per day. Please address MRS. E. X.,
318 Turk st.; hours, Bto 5.
A RELIABLE middle-aged woman would like
to keep house for a single lady or elderly
couple; references. Box 3692, Call office.
A GOOD dressmaker wishes a few more cus
tomers at home; first-class .work at reason
able prices. Phone Scott 995. 547 Myrtle aye.
■ ■— ■
A CAPABLE woman wishes work for TUes- j
days; washing; won't go out far. Call 145 !
Twelfth st.. room 8.
COMPETENT woman wishes a few families by :
day, washing, cleaning or chamber work.
488 Geary st.; phone Brown 32.
A 8 caretaker In the home; care of invalid or I
mother's helper with grown children. House
keeper, 300 Page st.; phone Page 2356.
YOUNG English woman wishes position as |
working housekeeper; fond of children. Box '
3478, Call office.
A STEADY, competent person wishes a posi
tion to do general housework in small fam
ily; wages $20. 6 Rose aye., off Market st.
CHILDREN'S nurse wants position; private
family; wages $30 to $35. Box 3139, Call.
EMPLOYMENT WAjW^--gem*Js--Con.
A FINNISH girl wishes * P° Bltlon J a
family for general housework. Apply IUI%
Harrison st.
GERMAN woman wants washing; underwear
curtains, blankets. 2685 Mission St., near
Twenty-third. .
WOMAN wants work by the day. washing,
ironing and housecleaning; $1 50 day. Box
3509. Call.
YOUNG, healthy Scotch girl wants position as
wet nurse. 3305 Twenty-fourth St., near
Mission.
A REFINED young German wishes a position
as governess or companion; references. Box
3712, Call office. .
FIRST-CLVSS cook wishes position; American,
Spanish, French; $30, $35. 703 Stockton at.
LADY takes washing home; open-air dry.
Phone Page 7931.
WOMAN wishes work In the kitchen of a deli
cacy store. Call at 12 Elwoods st.
GERMAN woman wishes situation as cook. 723
California st.
EMPLOTMEire WANTED —MALE.
LANDSCAPE gardener wants place, improve
new grounds pruning, planting orchards,
vines- California experience; references. Ad
dress box 3484, Call office.
RANCH foreman wants take charge of small
orchard, vines, pruning, lay out new grounds;
California experience; references. Address
box 8485, Call offlcs,
MIDDLE-AGED Eastern woman, is a good cook
and will do washing; will go short stance
In country; wages $20 to $25. Address 1318
Hampshire st., near Twenty-fifth. .
WANTED—A position by an experienced por
ter or shipping clerk; 8 years with last firm,
who has retired from business; references.
Address box 3714, Call office. ______
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation as clerk in grocery and barrooms
good references. W. BOHLINO, 417 Kearny
street .
A GOOD boy. 15 years old. wishes a good
home to do chores around ths house for pin
money. Call at 2302 Mission St.. cor. 18th.
A GOOD, reliable man for private driver or
garden work; references. Address J. J.
HUGHES, 733 Stevenson at
FIRST-CLASS grocery clerk wishes position
in store; speaks German. Box 8205, Call.
YOUNG first-class barber wants work. Bos
8207. Call office.
WANTED—By reliable, middle-aged, married
farmer, position as working foreman on
stock, grain or fruit ranch; thoroughly ca
pable of taking full charge, having mads
stcok, grain and fruit raising a study; can
furnish references if wanted. Box 8471, CalL
SITUATION wanted by a male nurse and
masseur, a graduate of Stockholm Sweden;
10 years' experience In Chicago, 8 years in
last place; would like position in Institution
or private. Address box 8458. Call.
SCANDINAVIAN (Danish) wants situation as
gardener or man about place; can assist in
housework; city or country; best of refer
ences. Address ANDREW JOHNSON. 331
Kearny St.. room 36, 8. F.
GENERAL or private cleaning or work of any
kind wanted by young porter by hour, day,
week or month; must have work. Box 3734,
Call office.
JEWELER repairer and salesman, 9 years'
experience, wants position; anything with
chance of advancement accepted. Jeweler,
box 3730. Call.
BAKER with experlenos wants position on
bread or cakes in city or country; can give
reference. Address WM. R JANTZEN. 844
Mission st.
YOUNG German with experlenos desires posi
tion In grocery; 3 years In last place; best of
references from the same. 201 Montgomery
avenue.
GERMAN with some experience In wholesale
and retail liquor business as porter and
stock clerk wants work; sober habits and
reliable. Box 3093, CaU office.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged man; a
good typewriter; desires office work where
he could rractlce reporting shorthand:
wages not concerned. Box 1690, 1008 Market.
EXPERIENCED younr porter and packer,
stranger in city, must have work; any kind;
general or private; give me a trial. Box
3203. Call office.
EXPERIENCED young porter, 24, wishes any
kind of place; city or country; general or
private: must have work at once. Box 3738,
rail office.
FIRST-CLASS carriage maker and painter,
who is able to work at any branch of car
riage making, wishes position. Box 3737,
Call office.
WANTED —A position by an experienced por
ter or shipping clerk; 8 years with last firm,
who have retired from business; references.
Address box 3714, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes a position In a plant;
handy man; experienced steam fitter and
boiler operations. Address 2756 Twenty-third
St., city
STRONG elderly man wants work, private
family; gardener, horses, cooking; useful In
general; all round man; references; wages
no object. Box 3670, Call office.
ACCOUNTANT, first class, open for engage
ment January 1; age 35; salary $100; best
city references and cash bond. Address box
8941, Call office.
PAINTING, paperhanglng and tinting by s
first-class mechanic. 36 Mary st
1 ALL-ROUND tailor and cutter, sober, wants
position. Box 3698. Call.
ENGINEER, gasoline, open for position first
of year; marine license. 108% Turk st.
SITUATION wanted as gasoline engineer. Box
1588, Call office, San Francisco.
WANTED —A position as a traveling sales
man. Box 3411. Call office.
YOUNG man desires position as sn assistant
bookkeeper or as clerk. Box 8750, Call.
painter, paperhanger, tlnter and
polisher wants work. Grove st.
WANTED—A situation as I porter In barber
shop. G. BROWN, 737 Mission St.
ACTIVE young carpenter desires employment,
rough or finish, $3 day. Box 3747, Call.
WANTED —By experienced Englishman, sober
and reliable, position as coachman or second
man; good references. Box 3711, Call office.
RELIABLE man wants position as general re
pairer cr taking care of property. J. KANE,
842 Minna St.
YOUNG colored man wishes position as porter
in barber shop or running elevator. Address
Harry Taylor, 915 Powell; phone Red 142.
A FIRST-CLASS upholsterer and carpet layer;
will, work by the day or piece. 927 Eddy
st.; phone Larkln 3094.
BOY, 10 years, wishes a Job as press feeder;
has been feeding for 2 years. Call at 315%
Jessie st.
A YOUNG married man wants a situation at
some kind of work. Address C. A., 741 Na
toma at,
SITUATION wanted by experienced stenog
rapher; preferably In wholesale house; good
references. Box 3461. Call office. ■
BOOKKEEPER and stenographer, 8 years'
experience; rapid and accurate; good office
man and corresDondent. Box 3460, Call.
EXPERIENCED Janitor wants position; Ger
man-American: strictly sober and reliable;
not afraid to work; non-union. Box 3425, Call.
I WISH work in city cr country good home;
good cook; nice recommendations; very hon
est Japanese boy; wages $25 a month. HITA
417 Bush st.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wishes a position at
housework; wages $5 to $7. KIME, 319 De
vlsadero' st.
AN honest young Japanese boy wants posi
tion as schoolboy. F. UNO, 2316 California
St.. Japanese Mission.
A JAPANESE boy wishes position to do dish
washing every night in family. S. MORI
716 Leavenworth et.
A JAPANESE high school student wants a po
sltion a* schoolboy; $2 week; plain cook or
waiter. K. SAKA, box 3598, Call office.
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes situation as a
school boy; wages no object. FRANK
OGAWA. 744 Post St., city.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as schoolboy
in a family. OKA. 744 Post St.; tel. Sutter
1731.
JAPANESE couple want work, man as plain
cook and wife waiting and housework- city
or country. 1628% Park St.. Alameda.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants position in small
family; wages $1 a week and ud. H T
1617 Geary St.; tel. West 07.
JAPANESE strong boy wants position either
as schoolboy or do housework. ELDER
1431 Bush st.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants a position as
cook In a family. 503 Frederick st.
JAPANESEJgood boy wants position as school
hoy. K. TAN. ."22% O-Farrell st. \
ECSEMA CURE,
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber itch that I can't cure; a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth St.
pinancta-w ...
the realty syndicate. .„ a _
Capital paid in M '&«oi__
Surplus 94P.W1 08
Issues
Six per cent t ' -
Investment Certificates /
At par. /
Office—No. 14 Sansoms st..
San Francisco, Cal.
COMPANIES formed: mining- or patents: stock
sold; strong Eastern connections; advice free.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY, 622 Crosaley bldg.
FLATS TO JLET.
A—HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-59 Geary
St.. 05 the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; er'ery de
sirable vacant place in San Francisco on
our lists; sen-ice absolutely free; let us And
you a place; come in and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality: "we
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company,
1039 Market st.. opp. McAllister.
|45; 1719 SCOTT St.; 6-room and bath: large
•tunny rooms; new modern flat; 3 exposures.
536 A Sixth St.; upper; 5-room and b»th;
$17 60 a mo. OSCAR HEY MAN A BRO.,
14 Post st.
NEW, swell sunny flats. 6 rooms, to let! every
possible latest convenience; close to ths main
entrance to ths Park; 5 oar lines; one- runs
all night. Seventh aye., near Fulton st.; open
11 to 4,
SACRAMENTO, 2463-5-7—* beautiful new
flats. 6, 7 and 8 rooms, sun in every room,
marble steps, electrlo lights, reception hall;
rent $86 to 845.
BIX elegant, new, sunny flats: Just finished; 5,
8 sad 8 ts.. tiled bath rs,; sunny store re.;
$25. |27 50, |80. $32 50. $37 50, $47 50. Cor. Ist
aye. and Sacramento st.; open 10 a, m. to 5.
TO let—Two mo* flats, 29-2531 Post st., of
6 rooms and bath each: rent of middle flat,
$20 60: lower flat. $21 50 1 with water.
A—SIXTH aye.. 764, near Park—B flats of 4
rooms and bath each; rents $12 50 to $14.
SPECK A CO., 208 Montgomery st.
MODERN lower flat, 6 rooms and bath; pan
eled dining-room, garden, janitor service,
water free; $30. 1289 Page st.
SANCHEZ NW. cor. Elisabeth, nr. 24th—
New upper flat, 6 rooms, bath; sun all day;
all modern improvements; reasonable.
NEW, elegant flats; latest improvements; Just
finisher" park panhandle. STRAUB, 630
Market t.
MODERN flat 7 sunny rooms, bath, 2 attlo
rooms, basement. 142S Green st., near Van
Ness aye.
FELL, 624— Flat. 8 rooms sad bath; rent $23;
water free.
FLAT of 4 light rooms, without bath. 22 Pood
St., near 16th and Market; no children.
NEW 4->room flat, bath; latest Improvements.
4180 26th st., nr. Castro; small family.
TEN rooms, four of which are in basement;
sunny; rent $35. 616 Haight at.
OAK, 1881—Beautiful T-room flat; facing pan
handle MeKinley statue; rent $30.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 2127—New upper flat; 8
rooms and bath; rent $18; adulte
AN elegant new sunny fiat. T rooms; oMoios
neighborhood. 1740 Stelner st. near Sutter.
SUNNY modern middle flat, 7 rooms and bath.
649 Fell st. near Webster.
LARGEST list of houses and fiats to let Call
on LYON A HOAG, 116 Montgomery st
PLATS TO LET—FUHJgIB—TED.
FURNISHED flat 6 rooms, bathi sunnn 8 oar
lines; on view from 10 until It upper bell.
1418 Washington it., between Leavenworth
and Hyde.
FLATS FOB SALE—PTJBH-SB-BP.
MODERN 9-roora flat; rooms all rented: $29
to $35 over rent ; bargain; 12 to 8. 1178 Ellis.
PU-tNITUJt—i WAJfT—D.
"WE'LL OET YOUR BUSINESS"—Ws pay
the most money for furniture, carpets, office
fittings, merchandise and houses, MARK J.
LEVY AUCTION CO., 1321 Market st, bs
tween 9th and 10th. Phone South 179.
ABE LEVY,
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie T6l.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, offlcs fur
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furnlturs than
dealers or will sell on commission. L, H.
BURD, auc. 1636 Market; phone Jessie 2336.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission st, be
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 4462.
rUBMTT%_G FOB SALE.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur
niture. carpets, etc. 762 Mission; tel. Bush 818.
HELP WANTED—p—MAJJB.
AN Opportunity for Capable Women.
If you work, why not earn mors
than a living?
Bright, educated, earnest woman
have a mission.
That mission should be to build
one's self and help others.
Be independent. Do good.
Ths Vlavl Company already em
ploys over twelve thousand women.
Ths work covers twenty-tares
countries of ths world.
Ws will entertain applications
from capable women.
Not canvassing, but a helpful,
dignified work.
Investigate. Apply by mall only.
Address THE VIAVI COMPANY. 2304 Vka
Ness aye., San Francisco.
A—WANTED—GirIs to learn hairdresslng,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
3 positions to fill Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 week up; only recognized
school of Its kind on coast; day and even
ing classes. 233 Geary st., room 18.
WANTED —Girls to learn millinery now for
spring season; both seasons taught from start
to finish In one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled by
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton st., r. 13.
A—PACIFIC College teaches hairdresslng.
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognized college o* Its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work st re
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER
ALLS, JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX
PERIENCE NECESSARY; STEADY WORK;
GOOD PAT. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.. 32%
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS,
IN OAKLAND. COR. 10TH AND CLAY STS..
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS; NO EX PBRIENCB NECES
SARY; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAT.
LEVI STRAUSS A CO.
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS. STANDARD FAC
TORY, COR. GOU«H AND GROVE STS.
LADlES,wanted everywhere copying letters at
home, evenings or spare time and return to
us; no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned; materials free: enclose self-addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co., No
W 12. Ninth st., Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED—GirI to do general work In eafs;
hours Ba. m. to 4; wages $5 per week. 804
Mason st.
WANTED—Chocolate dipper; $10 to $12 pcs
week. Apply KELLER CANDY CO.. Oak
land, office 477 Seventh st.
A—WANTED —Operators on ladles' waists. 650
Mission St.. third floor.
A—Operators wanted to take work horns. 856
Mission St., third floor.
WANTED—GirI to do general housework. Call
at 2973 Folsom st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
ENERGETIC woman for position —Ith well
established business. Box 3456, Call office.
LAD|T clerk wanted for grocery at 916 Bryanft
st.: German preferred. \
HELP WANTED—MALE.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters, horns
evenings, $9 60 week. Send addressed en
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. Wl2
t-ox 1111. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED—Experienced floorwalker tot dry
goods; state references, experience and sal
ary exrected. Address box 3740, Call offlcs.
WANTED—Man of good address for permanent
Sisitlon with reliable company. Address
ANAGER, P. O. box 271. Sacramento, CatHELP WANTED—MALE —Continwad.^
MURRAY 4 READY. 634-638 Clay st. |
Phone Main 5*48.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
Leading Employment and Lal>or Agents. I
We pave In HH 1204 m * hop- to ,
0".it«» men w.. r k. _ Increase 60.900. |
i, b. *T> 50 to $4 ' j
Bencfe hand, country mill, 8 hours, steady,
MISCELLANEOUS,
bine miners. %«i.; Et » tlmbernren. north.
$80.
ruun* man to assist shipping clerk: city
B. "ikkeoj/er; country store; south; $75.
FARMS, DAIRIES. ORCHARDS. ETC.
23 rami hamis. Isi listing milkero and chore- I
me<> and boys.
ASSAYER
Assay** and melter fi>r gold mine, see bos*
here, $3 day.
HOTEL
.k». waiters, dishWSSketS, porter*, bell
•srrd elevator bay*.
• k and wife, country restaurent. $8."): cook
and wi'e. mln« ioardlng-h' csp t. $86 fd.
OREGON. COAL MI HERS. OREGON.'
OREGON
!•- al miii' is foi •! good bs rentrsctspa
big money can be made in (his Job.
Ea-e refunded. Fare refunded. I
BRIDGE CARPENTERS.
10 bridge and trestle carpenters, long Job,
fare $2, $280 to $3 day.
2 placer mine, steady Job. $80 fd.
4 placer miners, north. $45 found.
•Yonne man drive delivery «*agon, city. $10
week
6 ijruners, 75c fare, $26 found
MURRAY A READY. 684-686 Clay St.
(Open Sunday. 10 to 12.)
AT HORD A SMITH'S,
contractors' Agents. 95 Third st. '
Cook, railroad company. 14 men, steady, $40
and found.
"ement finisher. $4 60. long Job, fare $1 30. :
Machinist, gold mine, $3 and found, bees
hsre, I
Waiter, hotel. Santa Barbara. $25 and found,
fare refunded.
Teamsters, bey shore, $2.
Solicitors, tea and coffee, big md icements.
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU,
conducted on strictly business principles.
Positions secured for
office men. (Assistant bookkeepers.
Stenographers I Collectors
Bookkeepers. I Accountants.
Correepondent clerks. Hotel clerks.
Office managers I Railroad clerks.
Traveling salesmen. ! Timekeepers.
General office work in all lines of business.
Office open to day from 9 to 4.
. 'Apply » 3QI-3Q2 Starr-King bldg., 121 Geary st
■ OMPETKMT men wanted--We have the most
SBSBlste and successful method for finding
i ositions; we desire only high-grade men.
who can furnish satisfactory proof of their
qualifications; none but mem specially fitted
for some particular work need apply; com
missions payahle only on securing a position.
Commercial Clearance Co., 415-16 Starr King
building. 121 Geary st.
—^—, ■
=
MERCHANTS and manufacturers desiring to
employ commercial travelers are requested
to communicate with the secretary of the
Pacific Coast Commercial Travelers' Associa
tion, 416 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.
AT C R. HANSEN A CO.'S 429 Bush St.
A Special Ship to-night.
15 laborers to dig post holes, $1 75 a day
Sn irt distance. Ship to-night.
C R. HANSEN A CO 429 Bush st
WANTED—Cutters and salesmen In merchant
' tailor store. B x 3500. Call office.
BARBER and porter wanted at 112 Taylor
wanted—Men or boys to peddle fruit. Call
at 563 Natoma st.
Bey about 14 or 15 for men's furnishing store;
*4 a week at first 424 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS barber and bootblack wanted.
SIC Tsrk st
'.'. ANTED—Boy» deliver telegrams: wages $30
to $35 per month. 300 Montgomery" st.
FOR sale—A 2-chalr barber shop. Corner
Fourteenth and Folsom sts.
MEN—The only original Moler Barber College
teaches barber trade In 8 weeks; wages
earned while learning.
New quarters and new appliances.
Call or write for illustrated catalogue.
Moler Barber College. 649 Sacramento st
Lately moved from Clay st.
EXPERIENCED man with rood references to
haiirMe an up-to-date line of children's and
misses' coats at popular prices; excellent
chance for right man. Address HUTNER
BROS., New York.
PLEASANT faced, fine appearing registered
physician and surgeon: must be quite gray,
but active; positively no other; no traveling;
salary $200 dr more when well started. Call
at 25 Third at
WANTED—Educated gentleman to visit email
towns to write short articles for Eastern
' magazine; $1000 per year: local refs. re
quired. Box 4000. Call offlcs.
WANTED—Men to prepare for railway mall,
Internal revenue and costom-house positions;
free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti
tute. Grant bldg., 1096 Market; open evga
WANTED—Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 26c to 90c per night
YOUNG man to run elevator In wholesale
house: state age experience, salary expected.
Box 3700, Call offloe.
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale; cigar stand
and laundry; owner going East. 218 Mont
gomery aye.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 260
to 60c 571 Mission st. bet. let and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third St., Examiner building.
WANTED—Men to All 360 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec
trlc light In every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
-TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 60
pair: foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
Ii 8i st., Exam. kid.: open til' 9p m.
A—JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM. '
TOSHY. 415 Stockton st.; tel. Bush 859. j •
CASH boys wanted. STRAUSS A FROHMAN\
107 Poet at.
CASH boys wanted. Apply at S. N. WOOD
& CO.'S. 740 Market st.
. BRIGHT, clean tx y to learn precious stone
' cutting. ESTERLIN A MOSER. 208 Sutter
CASH boys wanted. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.*
A YOUNG man for butcher shop. 1380 Polk
street.
WANTED—Young man to work for his tuition
In S. F. Barber School Til Howard st
BARBER chop for sale: ?. -hairs; good loca
tion, near car house. Inqul-» 1202 Fillmore st
SAILORS and youn* men (green hands) for *
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
. MEN to learn the detective business; paid j
while learning. 997 Market st, room 104.
MEN wanted at 187 3d st, shoes ! 3
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln., 75c.
' LABOR debts collected; suits, attachment*" 1
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montpy., r . 415. :
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls, r. 40. Phelan bid" '
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomaa Post, G. a. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar- I
ket—7oo rooms; 35c night; reading rooms; i
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. | j
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recelT- ;
t'.on of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. j
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
' c a n branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half ]
price. 571 Mission st. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS. j
20, FRESH milk cows and springers for sale:
these cows are very gentle and flrst-clase
milkers; price $35 to $50 each. Inquire SAM i
"A FTERGUT, corner Mission et. and Silver 1
avenue.
* LIGHT gray mare sound and perfectly gen- i
'le. for sale; weight 950 lbs. Address Gray
Hare, general delivery. Alameda.
~HE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col- 1
. lege now ready; mailed free upon application -
' DR.E.J.CREELY,Pres.,6IO Golden Gate. J
U8 buggies, surreys, rub.-tire runabout, ex
oress wagon; cheap. 100 Golden Gate aye. 1
ARLOAD gentle business buggy and livery -
horses. E. STEWART A CO., 220 Valencia. «
WANTED—Ts buy a good and stylish road -
horse. Address box 5297, Call office. J
W'R sale—Two well matched buckskin horses. ;
gentle; a bargain. 2111 Baker st. 8
A YOUNG fresh cow and second calf for sale; r
must be sold. Call at 3227 Twentieth st.
*"OR sale—lo second-hand express wagons, one
single truck. ( 23.-, Beale et.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness F
•»ery Wednesday at 11 a m. 327 Sixth st.
HOUSES TO LET.
J A -PRINTED list of houbee to let; ssnd for clr
cular. G. H UMBSEN A CO., 20 Montgomery.
i LYON. lfil.V-Modern ft-room and bath: sun in !
f\ery room. OSCAR HEYMAN & URO .
g !ia >
I UNFURNISHED or partly furnished horn»:
! Presidio Heights; /S rooms and bath. Box
I T..7. Call oifiee.
! i I'-TO-i.ATE residence; lo Tooris and hath;
:"-"7 Union St.; rent $75. MADISON &
I HOUSE. 8 rooms and bath Inquire 126 ,
ECdj- st j
j HOUSES TO LET—FURNISHED.
WELL furnished santny lil-room bouse and
] oozy Broom flat: garden. 419 Oak st.
| APARTMENTS WANTED.
Wanted—4-room apartmrnt; siat. .ate* aajd
accommodations, Box $808. Call. |
si .
HOTELS.
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1015 Van Ness aye — ]
This first-class hotel, now being conducted on 1
i American plan, especially for families for the
\ sen sen or year. LocaMoß Is unsurpassed. The
tqu!prMr||t* are all modern, with evsry con
venience. The rooms are Urge, sunny and
com fort a hi-: superb view, furnishings are S(l
el'ga'rg. Cuisine highest order. H «'. SHAN
-1 NON. manager, formerly of Hotel Langham.
! » New York, and Moans Hotel. Honolulu.
I — ! ■ —!-
INSTALLMENT BUILDING.
Bl IH 'ING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY
Installment homes. 512 c a !!aghan building,
will bu'ld on your property or buy you a lot;
ffj a month pays principal and interest on
sSSk $1808 »f balance due, making your in
stalments ltss than r-'-.i: send ior circular.
LOST AND POUND.
! LOST-Bull terrier dog, pure white; name
Woodlawn Wonder. Friday night. Dec. 30. j
in vicinity of Green and Buchanan sts.. ,
property of Arthur W. Spear. Suitable re
j ward by returning dog to 2057 Green st, j
i LOST—Sunday afternoon. Dec. 11, at beach, :
I south of Park, black Scotch collie bitch, j
Suitable reward 1? returned to 1326 Forty- j
I ninth aye.. Boulevard station, or for Infor
' matlon of whereabouts. j
' LOUT—English setter dog: black and white
snots; license number 4451 Return to 716
'"iayton st. and receive reward.
' $20 REWARD, no questions asked; lnet. Dec.
31. string gold beads. Return to $0 Baker_st.
FOUND—GoId badge, headquarters i"o. L L.
C. C. Apply Baumgartner. 1045 Market st.
LAUNCHES FOP HIRE. !
ic. a. McNeill Launch CO., foot of ciay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel Push Xi
MEDICAL.
LADIES who are in trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician In San Franclsoo
arks has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience without a failure has •
put him at the head. He guarantees relief or
Be pay.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market it . rooms 7 and 8. !
DR. G. W. ODONNELL—AII who are sick or '
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: postively corrected: the unfortu
nate helped; ihe most difficult cases treated;
every case taken: immediate relief; no pol
sonlce drugs; low fees; my methods will curs
all case* of irregularity; by consulting me
save time and money; advice free. Office,
1018 Market st
LADIES —Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor yet
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE
LIABLE graduate physician. When tn trou
ble confide In me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best atten
tion and no danger; I guarantee prompt re
sults or no charge. Room 1. Est. 14 years
PR. E. G. WEST, office 305 Kearny st.
MRS. DR KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re
lief gjaranteed. 1008% Market St.. opp. sth.
MRS DR WYETH. specialist for ail female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
ALL cases of female Irregularities relieved at
once; guaranteed treatment, $10; 30 years'
successful experience. DRS. GOODWIN. 850
Market St., opp. Fourth. re«om 37.
MRS DR. ALLEN, ladies' specialist, removed
from 1118 Market to 838 Mission St., near
Fourth; home ir. confinement; 25 years' expe
rience; beet medical attention; low fees.
DR. and MRS PAVIES and HINDOO HERBS; i
original method of treatment. 1226 Market '
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom st.. corner !
2«th. lad!**, relief or no fee: $10.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A AAA A—A CONFIDENTIAL and reputable
place to borrow money on the following: , I
Salaries.
Life insurance policies.
Chattel mortgages. i |
Undivided interests.
Goods in bond. j
Legacies.
Second and third mortgages.
Estates In probate. I *
Life estates.
Rents.
Special department for loans to ladles on .
their notes.
Private offices for ladies and gentlemen.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton st.. near Market,
2d floor. Phone Bush 484.
AAAA—THE Portland Jewelry Co. will make
you very liberal loans on your diamonde,
sealskin or any valuables at the low rate of
two i 2) per cent per month; If you do not
wish to call, phone us (phone Bush 484) and
the manager of our loan department will call
on you; all business strictly confidential
25 STOCKTON ST., NEAR MARKET.
Private offices at 21 Stockton st.. 2d floor.
N. B. • —The only loan office west of New
York that has a fire and burglar proof vault
on the premises; free use of same to all cus
tomers.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 6% AND 6 PER CENT.. .
CITY, OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
? PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es
tates in probate, undivided interests In prop
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds, <
legacies and undivided interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; prone Main 5924. '
AAA—HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter
ests, assignments of rents, property in truat
etc.: legacies life estates and undivided in
terests in property purchased. <
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN '
A reasonable amount on
Ist 2d or 3d
Mortgages, on real estate.
In city', town or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full Darticulars
of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223, Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur- '•
Hy or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at 2 ,"
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
978 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market and 27 Third.
A—ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates: no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
Ist or 2d mortgages or on any security* any ,
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without -
security; easy payments: large business in 46 '
principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal; other security; fairest •
rates; strictly confidential; no commla. Na
tlonal Credit Co., 506 Donohoe bid., 8 Taylor.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought 1 ~
at W. J. HESTHAL Sa 10 81xth st. j
PRIVATE—Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels: no fee: no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan C 0..523 Parrott bid. 7,
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. SI.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co., 420 California st.. rooms 14 and 15.
SALARIED people on note. 8. F. DISCOUNT "
AGENCY. 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry: -
conffi. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.. 722 Mkt. "
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Say. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds A Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
8% ON furniture A planoe; $15 up; no removal; "
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 8 Eddy at
CASH loaned salaried people on not»s without -
indorser Mop.RELL. ftffl Examiner hulldlnc. "
MONEY WANTED.
FOR good mortgage loans, $300 to $16,000. DU "
RAY SMITH, broker. 426 T>nth. Oakland,
TUT- SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. JANUARY 2, 19nr>.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOB SALE. |
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or Iron \
rocf? Cover It with Mastic Roofing. It is b»st '
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters, j
deck*, balconies, ere. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write |
us about it. Flat rite Roofing Co., 715 Market.
2D-HAXD machinery, engines, boilers, pumps. 1
1> alleys, shafting, etc., etc., boucht. sold,
looted and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE HCHT. CO., lvW-i::. Beale st.
! DIAMONDS, watches and jewelry sold on |
; i n lit by paying ..ne-ftfth down, balance pay- |
I abe at yuur own convenience. Pacific Jew- j
elry Co., 21 Stockton st., second floor.
BOILERS, engines. _d-hand machinery. McIN
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 196-197 Fremont st.
A BUYS, seiis or rents gear machinery, en
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pullers. :
etc. Wlll TELA W. 293*289 Spear st. j
j.l-.l I'TABLE piace to rent gents' full dress, i
Tuxedo or Prince Alb'-rt suits. J. COOPER. '
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel.)
i TKY our men's shoes at 81 and $1 50 pair; !
foci-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express '
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or '
monthly payments. DEREMER S. 137 Mont
gomery St.. room 12. upstairs.
A VERT fine sealskin coat for sale at a bar
sain at Portland Jewelry Co., Stockton st.
BEAI'TIFI'L white polar bearskin, mounted,
sacrifice; at Taxidermist. II City Hall square
PURCHASER for complete set of unused Ca- '
nadian Jsblte* stamps. Bex 3065, Call.
TOWET'S furniture polish removes spots and
stains; free delivery. 370 Fell st.
SAFES and cash registers; new and second
hand. I FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
Il'-HAN'li bldg material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
I'KtKS bought, cold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co., 807 Mission st.; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES—New and second-hand. THE HER
MANN SAFE CO., 307 Battery st.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting, painting.
_Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel. Main 418.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches; '
h;: tlses. J E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st. !
A WEEK'S news for a cents—The Weekly Call. '
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year. ■
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. _
AAAAA--Hlghest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
Off clothing. Tel. Davie 828. 650. Sacramento St.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for ,
cash. KARL EBER A CO., r. 406. Adams
bldg.. 206 Kearny st.: phone Black 3038.
PAYS special price cast-off fancy ladles' dress
es, gents' clothes. 922 Folson.; tel. Red 77.
HIGHEST prices paid for ladles' and gents'
castog clothing. TILTON, 154 Ninth at
MUSICAL INS THUMENTB.
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS.
1 Haake $38; 1 Decker, $48; 1 Stoddard. $110;
1 Fischer, $125.
ALSO
1 Sterling, 1 Stelnway. 1 Curtaz, 1 Voss, 1
Weber 1 Haines, and many others. Easy pay
menU. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON, 16 O'Far
rell st.
A GREAT opportunity—We are closing out
our entire Seattle stock In S. F. at prices
never heard of before; ail makes; your
terms are our terms; rents $2 up; allowed if
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237
Geary st.. 8. F.; Oakland, 1262 Broadway.
PARTY must sell large Stelnway upright; cost !
$700; price $285; will accept payments; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. $3
per month; one year's rental allowed If pur- .
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
$60 UPRIGHT; one $30 upright; one good
square. $20: HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st !
A SMALL Stelnway upright: cost $500; $188
takes It. 237 Geary st.
FISCHER upright; cost, $350: will sell for $96
237 Geary st.
ELEGANT uprights.new A 2d-hand.s4s to $500.
Pierces Piano Factory. Market and 14th sts.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy planoe Cecellan piano
I'Nyer B7H n N MATZY. 30S-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 montnly pay- '
_m-rts SCIIMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister st.
2-PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckering baby grand; ;
Shonlnger. little used Keeffe's, 2*5 O'Farrell.
MATTEESSES AND PILLOWS
TO order—renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde '
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS , 1432-34 Howard st.; phone South 218.
OFFICES AND STOIEB TO LET.
STORE to lease at 111 Ellis st. Apply al
barber shop.
PERSONALS.
"R-E-X-R-A-D-I-O-'S"
BULLETIN.
"REXRADIO'S" PUBLIC •'FREE 77 LECTURE
AND HEALING, WITH HUMANIZED RA
DIUM. TESTS TO EVERY PERSON IN
THE AUDIENCE DESIRING THEM "TO
DAY" at 2 and Bp. m. "RADIUM HALL," |
TBB% Market and 1 4th St., CORNER OF
MARKET and FOURTH. Bring your SICK
POOR. ; (
"HE X RADIO'S" offlcs hours, 2 to 7 p. m. !
Consultation "free." Terms to suit means. !
"ALLEGED INCURABLE" diseases of all j ,
kinds treated by Rexradio.
"MEDICINE" and medical Instruments are -
never prescribed or used by Rexradio, "only" '
harmless, painless "HUMANIZED RA
DIUM" power., I t
"NAMES" of all patients referred to BELOW ! .
are at the offices.
"Hi: LEAPS'*—A cripple from PARALYSIS,
almost powerless, LEAPED frequently after '
first treatment in public hall. Numerous
similar cases.
"MILLS OF THE GODS" grind "slowly";
Humanized Radium grinds diseases quickly, !
often Instantly. > ,
"LATEST MARVEL" (last Thursday):
"Through a fall one of my spinal bones was •
displaced, PROTRUDING outward. It felt
loose, slipped about under my hand; trying
to stooD caused severe pain. After 2 treat
ments by Rexradio the bone went back to its
place; the spine Is now LEVEL to the eye
and touch."
"AGONIZING PAIN" for years (GASTRITIS)! ' •
"Doctors said I must die. Last Friday first <
treatment Instantly removed all pains."
"ETERNAL SILENCE" broken; several
DEAF MUTES have recently HEARD and
Intelligibly SPOKEN words spoken to them
In ordinary voice and WHISPER not only by ,
Rexradio, but also by numerous persons In '
his "public" audiences, whose signatures as ,
WITNESSES are attached to the testimo-
Rial a Each treatment occupied 3 seconds
only. Patient's eyes were always "closed" .
during speaking tests to prevent his "read
ing" speaker's lips and "guessing" what :
was spoken. I •
"ANOTHER WONDER.' —Last Thursday AN
OTHER DEAF MUTE after 3 seconds' , (
treatment HEARD and SPOKE what was
said to her under TEST conditions same as
above. j ,
"LIGHT DAAVN3" for BLIND man": "My \
eyes for years barely knew light from dark- ,
ness. After Rexradlo's one treatment I saw .
the form of his uplifted hand, and the light
between his fingers when separated. I look, d
out of window, and at 30 feet distinguished
forms of human beings, carriages, etc. All
this Impossible before." Note—He saw the
outlines: further treatments may restore his
vision fully.
"WATEPS SUBSIDE"—"Within 24 hours of
Rexradlo's flrst treatment the DROPSY en
tirely left my limbs."
"REXRADIO" fully CURED our rheumatism, !
neuralgia, failing vision, paralysis, cancer, : -
"fever," gastritis, anchylosis, dropsy, ulcer, ; '
tumor. "Interview" us.
"CRIPPLE WALKED," unaided (last week),
after first treatment; previously couldn't
STAND without strong support; (LOCOMO
TOR ATAXIA).
"LAWYER" (one of city's foremost) last week
lost his SCIATICA at Rexradlo's office, and
offers no reward for Its recovery!
"MINING EXPERT" missed his large CAN- 2
CER several weeks since; now wishes he
had met Rexradio a year "earlier."
"REXf.ADIO'B one treatment opened my
long CATARRH - closed nostrils and I
breathed freely.
"FT'NERAL MARCH" to the
dolorous tune my pulse played when TY
PHOID fever clutched me, but after Rex
radlo's 2 treatments the tune changed to "
David's anthem, "I shall NOT DIE BUT -
LIVE"; no relapse. X.. 112 Fell st. ' *
"IN MY HOUSE" and presence Rexradio made 1
2 DEAF MUTES hear and SPEAK.
"REXRADIO" in my office wonderfully help
ed cases INCURABLE by MEDICINE,"
(Physician.)
"FOUNTAIN OF YOUTH" vainly sought by ■
Ponce de Leon le "found" In Rexradlo's
-"humanized radium"; "friends say I look
20 years younger since he treated me." i "
"•OSSIFIED LADY" —Mrs. | *
Lett: Joints of limbs, arms, neck etc. for I
I PERSONALS—Con tinned.
j years IMMOVABLE; ALL MOVED FREr*T
LV after one treatment several weeks ago.
• See her.)
! "LEADING CITIZEN"—After "first" treat -
ment lost all symptoms of many years' dls
'roesing disease that made life Intolerable;
further treatments made wonderful ture
i PERMANENT. .
"LEADING PHYSICIANS' have witnessed
i marvo),.usly successful ireatments of total
deafness, iiaralysls. deaf mutes, neuralgia,,
etc.; names at offices.
! "WONDERSTRUCK"—"Mrs. Knowles. the
j leng bedridden, OSSIFIED lady, recently vis
ited me; I found all her formerly solid joints
| freely movable; she grasped and shook my
hand —before impossible; I was wonderstruck
J to see the great change."
j "ATHLETICS"—Rexradio instantly helped my
PARALYSIS, and I walker, un, LEAPED."
I "ALM"ST MIRACLE"-- Reoiilly I tesjh a
j DEAF MI TE to Rexradio; in 3 seconds he
| made her HEAR and SPEAK numerous
i words and sentences, which we all under
j stood clearly. She also spoke for me. It was
I almost a MIRACLE"—J. P., 3460 20th st.
"REX RADIO" made my many years, totally
DEAF ear Instantly hear WHISPER at 70
"DOUBLE BARRELED" healing. While
Rexredie treating a patient, a rheu
matic person fat within 4 feet, who de
-1 clared she felt the SOWef pass to her ami re
move her pains. (A "frequent" occurrence.)
"STORED RADIUM "--Rexradio charged a
! handkerchief with his healing force, which
was taken miles, laid on lady In agony from
disease; in few seconds all pains left her;
sound sleep following.
"DISTANT HEALING" by Rexradio has been
wcnderfully effective In numerous Instances.
I "REXRADIO" instantly made my ANCHY-
L >SE1 1 limb move naturally, and I walked
freely."
"MY TYPHOID FEVER" at lta most DAN
GEROUS STAGE was absolutely BROKEN
UP and fully CURED by Rexradlo's 2 treat
ments. In one day."—X., 112 Fell st
"PARALYSIS" —My nearly helpless limb and
arm had normal strength and abilities fully
restored by Rexradlo's 1 treatment"
"BLINDNESS AVERTED*': natural strong
sight established by Rexradlo's 2 treatments;
I now easily read SMALLEST PRINT with- j
! out glassea." j
j "THUNDER INAUDIBLE" many years to 2
i of us; after 3 seconds public treatment we
both heard WHISPER at So feet: two prom
inent "physicians" in hall "openly" said the
results were truly "wonderful."
"RUNS AND LEAJr>S"—PARALYZED psi7
tlent. In presence of above 2 physicians, !
after 3 seconds' treatment. RAN and ]
LEAPED. |
' EI.E'TRICITT," concealed batteries, eta, '
cannot account for Rexradio s peculiar pow- 1
era; TWICE he has met this objection by
inducing "skeptics" to PUBLICLY and j
thoroughly SEARCH him In full view of
crowded audiences. On • their declaring the I
search satisfactory, he instantly touched the
totally deaf ear of the chief searcher tskep- !
tic), who then owned he heard WHISPERED |
words.
"ATTORNEY'S ANCHYLOSED UN*BEND- j
ING KNEE instantly moved naturally after I
few seconds' treatment.
"MEDICAL LIBERALITY"—City physician j
said to audience: "I strongly advise those '
Incurable by medicine to take Rexradlo's j
marvelous treatment**
"REXRADIO" gives above results of FIRST
treatments, which may become "permanent"
by further treat men ta. "Names of above
patients at offices.
"REX RADIO* 8" free public healing TO*
DAY. 2 to 8 p. m. Office hours, 2to 7—
783 W Market, cor. 4th.
AA—WHY look old? .
Fifteen day rate will now be given by MME.
GU.LINGH AM: a lady 72 years of age with I
wrinkles and pufflness removed from one side
of the face oan be seen dally; write for book
let 143 Stockton st.. cor. Geary.
SPECIAL BETWEEN SEASON LOW RATES
this week for facial bautlfylng; a face with
out a wrinkle with the contour and fresh
color of youth may be had through my
scientific treatment; consultation and book- ,
let free. M. ELLA HARRIS. 128 Geary st j
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im
proves its growth.stope falling,cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists',hairdressers' ;ac
cept no substitute. Star Remedy C 0.,1838 Polk
ADVERTISING WORLD. Columbus. OnTo~a ' :
monthly Journal of information, plans, Bug- I
gestions and ideas for advertising. Bend to- 1
day for free sample, or 10c for 4 months' trial.
HAIR growers. Are you using the right one'
Best recipes and treatment for each kind of
baldness. All 25c. Box 14. Sheepranch, Cal.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY eetab.
1899. 2122 Fillmore st; phone Geary 2063.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suite, over
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', i
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511 A Leavenworth st, be
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 897.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits i
to order. Co-operative Tailoring. 117 Mkt. j
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS, 1127
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs
Eaton,369 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary,r.BB.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN '& CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores grey
hair to Its natural color. $1 at all druggists'
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions receivecfat '
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL—Office and residence,
1021% Market St., bet. 6th and 7th: particu
law attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
uR. BALL, 1073% Market st.
REMOVED—DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 11.1-117 Mason sj>, now lo
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor—All dis
eases cured by Chinese herbe. 746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured: new methods; one week's 1
treatment free. Dr. Cottingham, 9 Powell.
WANTED.
$l,VtO —PARTNER: fine
light work: bona fide. Box 3600, Call office.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P.
torney-at-law. 6 Hohart bldg . 512 Market St.
PURCHASING AGENCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun
try orders a specialty: correspondence solicit
ed. 305 Larkln st, room 49; tel. South 319.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE. —Office of Insurance Commissioner.
State of California, San Francisco, December
—. 1904—T0 Whom It May Concern: Pur
suant to the requirements of section 695 of 1
the Political Code, notice is hereby given
that tho Ocean Accident A Guarantee Cor- 1
poratlon, Limited, of London, has surren
dered its certificate of authority previously
granted by this department, thus withdraw
ing from business in this State, and said 1
company is no longer authorized to transact 1
business therein. E. MYRON WOLF, in- .
surance Commissioner.
NOTICE —Office of Insurance Commissioner
Basts of California, San Francisco. December '
—, 1904.—T0 whom It may concern: Pur- ■
suant to the requirements of section 593 of
the Political Code, notice Is hereby given
that the Firemen's Insurance Company of
Baltimore has withdrawn from business in
this State, and said company Is no longer
authorized to transact business therein E
MYRON WOLF. Insurance Commissioner.
NOTICE —Office of Insurance Commissioner
State of California, San Francisco. December
—, 1904. —To whom it may concern: Pur
suant to the requirements of section 695 of
the Political Code, notice Is hereby given
thst the Greenwich Insurance Company of
New York has surrendered Its certificate of
authority previously granted by this depart
ment, thus withdrawing from business in
this State, and said company Is" no longer
authorized to transact business therein B
MYRON WOLF. Insurance Commissioner.
KAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Dec. T&, 1904.— To
whom It may concern: Be It hereby known
that the copartnership heretofore existing
between D. J. O'HARA and F. J. MO.Ma-
HAN, under the firm name of MONAHAN
O'HARA A CO., Is hereby dissolved. Ths
«aid D. J. O'HARA withdrawing from the
said concern and his name discontinued.
DANIEL J O'HARA, F J. MONAHAN.
YIAVL
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free: write for It.
VIAVI CO., Van Ness. Phone East 252.
1 HEAL ESTATE—CITY—FOR SALE.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
SI 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots. Excelsior Homesteai!
Tract; level as a blliiard table: on grade:
close to fine school and Mlsslon-st. electric
cars; bound to double in value.
•' > $400 each on installments of $10 per month;
no taxes; fine lets, near Ocean boulevard:
best residence location *ou!h of Golden Gate
Park; these are the cheapest lots in this dis
trict: advancing in price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE,
j 26 Montgomery it., r. S. Phone Main 5104.
• $6500—2 NEW flats on Dorland, near Dolores;
rents $62 60 per month.
$6600--:? new fiats on West aye. near Mission;
rents $58 per month; mortgage $3000.
' $6750—2 new fiats on Folsom and Army sts.
; $4500— 2 new fiats on Ryan aye.. near Army st.
• $4500—2 new flats on I'ro>ue< t aye and t ort
land.
$450o —2 new flats on Vermont St., b*t. Twen
ty-first arid Twenty-second.
D. COFFIN. 2528 Mission st., near 21at.
McKAY A CO . Real Estate, 2055 Mission st~~
I $800 —4-room cottage; lot 25x125.
I $900—2 lots, 50x70, of 2 fronts; 5-r. house,
i $1850—2 flats: rents $24 per month.
$2400—5 r. and bath; lot 25x106.
Ix:t9 from $100 up.
A DECIDED bargain Fine 12-room resident* !
I on corner lot, 50x125; located In best section
i rif Western Addition; can be bought for al
nw -vein* at ground. For particular* .-all
or address J. J. 8., room 801, RSfJ jlarket.
j $7000 —HALF cash; new, sunny fiats: frescoed, j
tinted; 5 and 6 rooms; baths; attic. 2085
-2087 Golden Gate aye., near Central.
$500 —Cheap building lots, 25x125; terms if del
■tared. Apply 437 Hoffman aye., nr. 24th it.
i $1600—COTTAGE. 4 rooms; on 28th st.
MISSION REALTY CO.. 3297 Mission st.
; A FEW choice building lots, $50. $75. $100 j
up; easy terms. 6 Eddy St.. room 111.
j GOOD work our motto; prices moderate. AHL- -
BACH A MAYER, plumbers, 838 Howard st. ,
mm^mmmmmmmmmmmm —— mmmmmmmmmmmmmm
REAL ESTATE—COUNTRY—For Sale.
WHITE A BAY LEY,
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE
INSURANCE.
$7500—20 acres at Sunnyvale, Sunta Clara
County, 6 miles of San Jose; all In full bear-
Ing prunes, peaches, almonds and cherri-!-;
j rich black loam; modern bouse, 7 rooms and
j bath, hot and cold water; brick cellar; cement
floor; windmill; 3-story tankhouse; 2 fine
i barns; complete drying plant; farming imple
• ments; half tajh; superb gentleman s borne j
| with larse Income.
$175 per acre—ln 10-acre lots; on main county >
road. 2 miles of Haywards; rural delivery;
, close to school.
$350t>—14 acres; 1 mile of Haywards: 7
| acres rich valley loam; small house and bam;
. fenced 3 fields; 5o cords of wood; hay; half
i cash.
j $3600 —On main county road; 1 mile of ita
, tion; Contra Costa County; hill farm; about
j half gnder cultivation; 4 acres full bearing
, orchard; fenced and cross fenced; 3 fields; 2
large reservoirs, supply house and outbuildings,
1 with choice water; 6-room cottage, bath, hot >
, and cold water; barn with basement; 8 poultry
| yards, wire netting and houses; shop, milk- j
I house: 2 incubators. 8 brooders; place will
I carry 20 cattle. 30 hogs. 2000 hens and 100
; stands of bees: only $800 down, or would con
j slder good exchange.
$2800—58 acres: only 2 miles of Soquel; 21
j acres of best black sandy loam, suitable for
, truck gardening; about 4 acres full bearing
orchard and vineyard; raises best corn and
! potatoes in State; 6-rcom hard finished resi
] dence; hot and cold water; barn, granar; .
i wagon shed, poultry-houses; abundant water;
only $800 down, easy terms; 400 cords of wood.
$3<X>o— Foothill ranch, 100 acres; only 3
i miles of Clayton, Contra Costa County; 80
j acres plow land, balance pasture, family or
j chard; house and barn.
$4750—160 acres, of which 90 are level; 140
Under cultivation; near Clayton; new house, 5 i
rooms and basement: new barn, 38x40; poul- !
try-houses; fenced 4 fields; water piped to
j buildings; family orchard* terms.
$1000 —Only 2 miles Santa Rosa; 5 acres I
rich bottom land; neat 4-room cottage; good>
; barn; poultry-houses; buggy and harness; ;
; poultry"; farming tools.
$10,600—Only It* miles of Santa Roea; 93
acres; on fine drive; 26 acres full bearing
French prunes and pears; 50 acre* black gray- j
elly loam, adapted to walnuta; modern 9-room ',
residence; fine barn, holding 200 tons of hay;
( carriage house, windmill and tank. com- .
j cribs, etc.
$600— Almost adjoins stores. P. O. and 8 ;
' miles of Anderson, lo acres; 6 acres bearing ■
peaches; cabin. 16x24; under irrigation ditch; '
: well fenced, poultry man, Investigate quick.
1300 down. 1 mile of R. R. town; 18 acres
: level black loam; no buildings, well fenced;
; 13 acres full bearing pears tu.d French prunes;
\ fine creek for poultry; price $A»ou, any terms.
$12,500—386 acres rich alluvial soil; 2 miles
lof two thriving railroad towns and not far
j from Lodi, San Joaquin County; small almond .
1 ore hard; good house, 6 rooms, and house for
( help; fine barn, holding 100 tons; wagon shed;
\ blacksmith shop; windmill, 6000-gallon tank;
; fenced and cross-fenced; terms or exchange;
giu-edge bay properly.
*©50t> —On oUed drive; 1 mile of Livermore; I
;40 acres healthy, full bearing vineyard, about
5 acres fruit; plain dwelling; barn; good well j
i and windmill; 2 years' crop will pay for this
place.
$30XX> —25 acres; 1 mile of Courthouse and
Hi.h School; 5 acres fine alfalfa; 10 acres
Bartlett pears and almonds; balance alfalfa
' land; 2 wells; fully equipped pumping plant;
j dwelling, bam. poultry-houses; drying plant;
: halt casb.
$S6Oo —Cloee to Napa City; 80 acres rich. 1
i level land: 35 acres In orchard 12 years old; :
; good S-room house; large barn, windmill and
j tank; drying plant, poultry yards; horses, cat
; tie; farming tools; good furniture; fine income; j
- half cash.
$;E>oO —25 acres, half rolling and balance •'
■ level; near Santa Rosa, 3 miles of Kenwood;
rich land; 2 acres orchard; vineyard; creek; 3
. wells, nice cottage, 5 rooms, large barn; .
fenced Into 4 fields: 6 poultry-houses, large
: wire netting yards, 150 laying hens; good
horse, 8 cattle; spring wagon, top buggy; 4 ,
tons hay; easy terms.
$2950 —2 miles of Sonoma City; 10 acres level ;
garden soil; 8% acres bearing vines; 1 acre I
irult; good dwelling, barn, poultry-houses;
horse, wagon, carts, plows, 3 sets harness,
tools, wine press, tanks and casks; furniture;
; fine crop.
$1700 —25 acres, close to Caltstoga; adapted
to vines and trees; family orchard; cozy 5
, room cottaire; good barn; fine water.
1400 down—s acres good land, with new,
i hard finished cottage of 6 rooms and bath; ;
' large brooder-house, 2 Incubators, brooders; all i
| farming tools; near Petaluma; price $2000.
$550o —Only 1 mile of Haywards; 37 acres
fine land; 4 acres bearing orchard; modem |
house, 8 rooms and bath: finest barn in county,
| alone c<*t $4000; fine view; this is the best buy |
I In the vicinity.
j LODI. LODI.
We are subdividing a choice tract in 10-acre I
j lots; only 2"ii miles from town: surrounded by '
' modem homes and fine orchards and vineyards;
' soil rich, black, sandy loam. 12 feet deep:
school on the tract; $75 per acre; this will not
last over 30 days; first come, first served.
$12ih' —10 acres in vine and fruit belt, near
Lndl: sandy loam; 5-room house and bam.
Send stamp for the largest and most diversi
fied printed list on the coast.
WHITE A BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st., room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
15000—80 ACRES of land, all under cultiva
tion, with Improvements. In orchard section
of Sutter County; only three miles from
county seat and on line of new irrigation
ditch.
A snap if taken soon, but will not keep.
M. J. NEWKOM,
406 Second st., Marysville, CaL
, rrzzz ;
$1500 —FOR sale or exchange. 10-acre prune
orchard In full bearing: 3% miles from
Templeton. on SouthSrn Pacific R. R., San
Luis Obispo County. 2507 Pine st.
ATTENTION, HOMES EE KERS!
Send postal for catalogue of the beet land
bargains In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
648 Market St.
CONTRA COSTA County Real Estate for sale.
Send for list. D. J. WEST. Martlnes. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
SAN MATEO REAL ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK.
As an investment or for a home site, a 50
-foot lot in Lomita Park offers exceptional ad
vantages. Only 45 minutes from the city on
the San Mateo, electric line: outside the fog
belt: well located and drained; artesian water;
streets graded; water and sewer pipes laid.
Terms—A first payment of from $10 up and
balance at $10 per month. Easily within the
reach of all. First placed on the market Au- ,
gust 1 and over half now sold. Must be seen
to be appreciated. Go down and Investigate or
write to-day—to-morrow may be too late to i
secure a choice.
SELBY. RODGERS A CO.,
Main 873. 116 California st
Also at LOMITA PARK. ■
PROPERTY WANTED. ■
WANTED—2 new flats, with attic and base- {
ment; prefer corner; $5000 cash: $100 month j
rent; no south of Market or Point Rich
mond property: no agents. Box 3659, Call.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES. j 1
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at '
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The ■
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. C 0..508 Market
ALAMEDA ADVERTS'MTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
E. D. JUDD CO.
The Bay Side Tract or Alameda has been
plared on the market and Is attracting at
tor.tlon as being the finest of all residence sec
i tiers, it ha* never before been offered for sale
The tract contains 4* lot*. 50x1.V>. fronting
;on Bay st.. the latter being o0 feet wide. The
! L?nd lies high, eloping gradually from San
Antonio aye. to the water front, where a
cement bulkhead hHs been put in.
The Bay Side Tract has been sewered snd
all sewer connections made to the lots.
The streets will be beautifully macadamised
and the gutters formed of rock and cem-nt,
and all sidewalks cement; on each lot have
' bten reserved from one to four fine large oak
tree*
Electric light poles will be furnished. The
adjoining locations will contain the most ex-
BST.alre and attractive homes in Alameda.
Sherman st. being one block to the east.
Lying as this tract does. In the heart of
the finest residence section, we look for a
genuine awakening on the part of Investors as
ito the desirability of these lots. Morton at.
station lies within 10 minutes' walk and the
' electric car line passes the north end of the
•treet.
For further Information Inquire of Baldwin
& Howell. 25 Post st.. San Francisco, or E.
D. Judd Co., 1424 IVrk st., Alameda
SPE'TALS.
N". rth side Sat' gntoaio aye.; new house of
0 !aige room*, lot ."i<>xllV>: gas electricity;
heSSttfsl bathroom; Bast $8500; »ecrlflcin« at
New house of 10 rooms on Sherman St.; lot
76x160; cost $16,ikm>; now offered at $13,000.
Large cottage of 6 rooma, all modern plumb
ing; lot 50x130; artesian well water, offered on
easy terms. $2750; originally cost $4500.
. Modern cottage. 5 rooms; lot 40x120; $1800.
Modern cottage. 6 rooms; lot 30x160; $1400.
25 or 30 flne building lots: choicest in Ala
-1 raeda.
E P. JUDD CO.,
! 1424 Park et.
$15 PER foot; 275 feet frontage; all street
work and sidewalks, or will build to ault. J.
, H YOUNG. 1243 Park et.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE^
BERKELEY HOMES.
$2900 buys a 5 room cottage on graded
street; good location; fine view.
$3750 buya a 6-room house, near foothllla; eu
perb view; large lot; new.
$38CC- Only % down for a new 8-room resi
dence; flne neighborhood ;lot 35x135 and 60
feet wide In rear.
$4000 to $4500 for new 7 and 8 room houses
In choice locations.
A SNAP IN LOTS.
$10 per front foot on macadamised street.
In residential South Berkeley; corner
lot. 40x100, for $450; Inside lots. $400.
$1500 for extra large lot In Claremont Dis
• trlct; 77x227.
$2000 for a flne unobstructed corner: 60x150;
commanding view of university, hills and
bay.
$10,000 for a choice corner on Telegraph aye.;
85x100.
. For particulars and further information see
JOS. J. MASON.
Berkeley Station, or 421 California at., 8. F.,
bet. 12 and 1.
A FEW BARGAINS.
i $2000—Four acres adjoining *U. C. grounde on
east, graded road to land, living water.
$1500—Large lot; 52x140; Berry-Bangs Tract,
near Derby street and Telegraph aye.
$1500 —Walnut street lot; flne marine view.
$3000—8-room house, near College aye.
$3150—6-room house; Oxford at.
$2600—New 6-room cottage; Harper at.
$3500 —New 6-room house; Dana st.
For rent: Good 7-room houss on Charming way;
flrst-clase condition.
, Other lots and houses In Berkeley we will
show on application at our office.
R. A. BEERY A CO..
Postofflce Block. Berkeley.
FAIR VIEW PARK.
A coming residential section: accessible to
Key Route and Southern Pacific; electric care
on two aides of property; located In SE cor
ner of beautiful Berkeley: desirable 50-foot t
lots'can be had at $900 each: all street work, j
sidewalks and tree planting Included. Buyers
at to-day's prices will surely double their
money; a fact that has already been demon
strated in other sections.
Maps and full Information on the grounds, or
421 California St.. 8. F.. bet. 12 and 1.
JOS. J. MASON,
SE cor. Shattuck aye. and Center at.
HOPKINS .TERRACE.
This flne piece of property, more than
half sold, lies at the NE. corner of beautiful ;
Berkeley; 500 feet abov* the sea level, it has
an uninterrupted view of the bey which noth
ing can hide; electric cars run ,to the tract; !
prices range from $600 to $1500 per 50-foot lot;
.atreet work all done; terms can be had if de
aired; Realty Syndicate certificates taken In
payment. For maps and other Information see
JOS. J. MASON, BE. corner Shattuck aye. and ;
Center at- l
OAKLAND ADVERTWTS
OFFICE, 101S BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
f 1.R50—5-ROOM modern cottage at Lorin, near
Key Route and local train; very easy
terms.
$2.600—G00d 6-room cottage on Chestnut St.,
near 16th St.; elevated lot and a nice
home.
$700 —Good cottage near 23d aye., R. R sta
• tlon. Here is a chance to own your own
home on terma leas than rent.
$3,000 —Fine 2-story 6-room house on 83d »t.,
10 minutes to Key Route; $1000 cash, bal
ance like rent.
$2,Bso—Nice sunny house on 24th aye., near
East 23d st.: lot 40x100; elevated and
view unsurpassed.
$20—Per foot, on Perry St., near new Web
ster st. car line; lesa than ten minutee
to 14th and Broadway; lota 130 feet deep;
street work complete.
$2.9uO —New 5-room cottage, near local train;
flne place and In one of Berkeley's choice
residence districts.
$2,500 —Good 5-room cottage on Union St., near
10th St.; lot 26x116; this must be sold
at once.
$1,600 —Here Is another chance for a 5-room
cottage on Chestnut st., near 18th st.; on
very easy terms.
$3,600—0n Filbert st.. near 18th St.; 2-etory,
9 rooms; lot 50x125.
$1,550— An elegant little 3-room cottage on
Howe st., within 5 minutes to Key .
Route; lot 30x126.
$3,500 —Modern 6-room house on Howe at., 3
minutes to Key Route; lot 36x125.
A manufacturing site, with 201 feet frontage,
near Adeline St.; if you are looking for
such property, all we ask is to see this
and make an offer.
$4,750 —An elegant 2-story 7-room house; cor
ner lot; within two blocks of car line;
this place Is located near St. Mary's Col
lege, and an exceptionally flne home for
the money.
$4,500 —Good 7-room house In Piedmont, within
a half block from the car line; lot 150 x
200; this will b* sold on very easy terms;
foreclosure.
THE E. P. VANDERCOOK COMPANY,
101 C BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
Or Room 232. Mills Bldg,
San Francisco, Cal.
JAS. 8. NAISMITH.
634 Thirteenth st., Oakland.
$500 —This will buy a nice lot; elevated loca
tion and close to Key Route station at
Piedmont; 40x150.
$750 will buy a good lot on north aide of
West 16th st., short distance from Center;
30x100; flne location for flats.
$1200 —10x95; only 1 block from Market at.;
close In and a bargain; a corner.
$1350 —Another corner, on 24th st.; this also
la an eastern frontage. 43x100; good rent
ing location.
$825 —And only % block east of San Pablo aye.
ani on 34th st.; lot Is 37:8x100; 5 minutee
to Key Route.
$500 will buy 50x100, on 44th St., short dis
ance from Market.
$1750 will buy a lot 50x120. on Vernon at.. In
the very best part of It.
$1000 will buy a lot. 40x130, at the scenic end
of Vernon st.
BLACKSTONE HlLL—Here we have the finest
residence lot left on this charming site
for homes, that has been held as high an
$90 per foot; owner refused $75 per foot; I
am now in a position to sell It for $55 per
foot for a few days; no finer residence
location In Oakland; has charming view
of foothills and bay; 66x150.
BERKELEY —If you want a lot In Berkeley,
I have one that muat be sold: one bloc*
east of Telegraph aye.; 52x145; $30 per;
foot; worth $40 per foot.
JAS. S. NAISMITH.
534 Thirteenth at., Oakland.
A HAPPY New Year and a good profit assured
to alii who buy real estate In central Oak
land; lota for aale on easy installments. See
RICHARD J. MONTGOMERY, Key Route
station. 40th et. and Telegraph aye., central
Oakland. ,
WE have clients looking for Investments in
Oakland property. If you have either house*
or lots for sale call at our office or mall ua
full description and price.
C. E. REED.
468 Eleventh St.. Oakland. {
NEW 5-room house: all convenlencee: Rl9 53d
at.. Santa Fe Tract; will aell at a bargain '
account leaving city for gold fields. Apply ;
5»)2 Merrlmac St.. Oakland.
A SNAP—Choice lot. 110x125. SW. cor. 21 at i
and Myrtle ata.; will be aold as a whole or '
in subdivisions: sold to aettle an estate. 1453 I
Myrtle st. Oakland. I
I OAKLAND ADVERTVMTS
' Oakland FornUhed I let* for Sale.
' FOR pale Furnished t; room modern flat, all
new; hath, gam and electricity; fl r » location:
good landlord; greet bargain; owner leaving
: ••Ity. no agents. AfPti MtJ Washington at..
Oa trial ad.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOB SALE.
I TO-MORROW the day for bargains In rural-
I I ture. H. Schelhaas. 11 th bt..cor.atorc.Oaklanl
i
; | San Francisco AdyertisemV*
. 1 ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT. 421- Two sunny rooms, nicely for"
nlsl-.ed for housekeeping, gaa.
BUCHANAN BJt- Nice furnished rooms; aim
' use of kttohen: reasonable.
t |
BVCHANAJf. 1404—Three rooms furnished far
» housekeeping.
s ,
EDDT, 743—Two sunny well furnished houee
' keeping rooms; gas range, yard, etc.
FOI'RTH, 71—Two housek-eplng. $10; unfur-
nlshed. $8; electric lights: phone.
' j GOUiKX OATE aye . 4~.f> Furnished room.
t ! GOLDEN gatk aye , 631 - Nice single rooms
fcr housekeeping.
GEARY. 1226—Fine, sunny, bay-window suite:
all conveniences; nice marins view; alas)
other choice rooms; reasonable.
; HARRISON 240«%, bet 20th snd tlst—3 sun.
Ny front rooms, with bath; gas range; gas
included; $12.
aye.. 31. bet Sixteenth and Seventeenth
sts —Nice sunny room; light housekeeping.
HOWARD. 640- -Front sun. sulte.grate, 2 bade.
$3 50 wk.; hskpg.private kltch.; no children.
HOWARD. 737%, Manila House—Sunny front
suite 2 rooms; coal stove
HOWARD, 1708—2 sunny nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms: gas range, bath. etc.
HTDE, 1518—3 or 4 large sunny rooms for
housekeeping, furnished or unfurnished.
JACKSON, 1608, cor Polk -New and nicely
furnished front housekeeping rooms, com.
plete; marine view; $20_
JESSIE, 323 Ijtrge front parlor: gas range,
sink: $14 mo.; other rooms cheap.
KEARNY, 306—Nice front room, with fire
place; also hkpg. rooms, with gas and bath.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny furnished 3 room suites: steam heated,
electric lighted: free baths; rates reasonable.
LARKIN. 810% —Nice. large housekeeping
room: gss stove: bath.
LAFAYETTE, 18—2 furnished housekeeping
rooms, with bath; $13.
LEAVENWORTH. 608— Two* sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms.
LIBERTY. 502—2 unfurnished sunny rooms for
light housekeeping; use of bath.
MARKET. 1735. near Valencia—2 sunny aide
rooms, with coal stove; $11.
MASON, 406—Furnished rooms; also house
keeping.
MCALLISTER. 1953— Three sunny housekeep
ing rooms; bath and laundry; new flat; $IH.
OAK. 117 —Rooms complete, housekeeping; $8
to $12; gas range; hot bath: adults.
OAK GROVE aye . 10. bet. Fifth and Sixth—l
connecting rooms; gas; hath; laundry.
OCTAVIA. 1232—1 or 2 housekeeping rooms,
rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 820—Housekeeping rooms, en
suite and single; sunny side; cheap; con
veniences.
PAGE, 278 —2 housekeeping rooms- hot bath;
$14.
POLK. 1643. cor. Clsy— 2 nicely furnished sun
ny front rooms, $18: 2 back rooma. $12.
SOUTH PARK. 106— Housekeeping rooms.
STEVENSON. o: K ',^Si n|r i P room. $1: front room
for tailor or florist; housekeeping; complete;
$1 78.
j TEHAMA, 426 —Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; $8 up; single $5; suites $10.
TWENTY-FOI RTH. .':3o,«>. near Mlesion—3
small housekeeping rooms, $8: gas, yard;
1 no children.
VALENCIA. 822—2 sunny furnished housekeep
ing- rooms; electric lights: gss stove; $18,
, VALENCIA. 210—2 sunny front rooms; light
housekeeping: private family.
! ,3
! ROOMS TO LET—Fans, and Unfurn
ATKINS comer Third st. and Park lane—New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
I water; electric lights: only first-class houss
in locality; rooms $1 60 week and up.
| A—BRUNSWICK Hcuae. 148 Sixth St.—Rooma
26c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market at. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)—Rooms, 25c to 60c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store; 2 en
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk—Electric
lights, running water in every room; 200
rooma; 25c to 50c per night: $1 25 to $3 week.
BUSH. 1338. near P< Ik—Furnished sunny
room with home privileges; $6.
CALIFORNIA, 1264—Nice sunny front room;
running water; large closet; nice location.
EDDY, 871—Newly furnished rooms, suitable
for one or more gentlemen; reasonable; bath,
running water; phone East 1174.
GEARY, 878—Large back room; 2 cloeete;
grate, etc.; $10 per month.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission—Rooms 350
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.: reading-room.
HOWARD, 716—Furnished rooms, single or
double; central location.
JONES. 608 —Single and double sunny fur
nished rooms.
LARKIN. 817% —Sunny corner room for light
housekeeping; reasonable.
MARKET, 017 —Furnished rooms.
MARKET, 083—Furnished rooms.
MARKET, 1049 CThe Falmouth) —Sunny rooms:
$2 50 to $7 week: baths; el-vator. also hkpg.
MCALLISTER, 14—Large, light, sunny rooms,
unfurnished: suitsble housekeeping: reason
able; elevator.
METROPOLITAN~Hote'.. 128 Third st.—WO
single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day.
$2 tc $8 week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, cell bells, steam heat
in every room and gives free baths and ele
vator service day and night to It* guaata.
MINNA, 217—2 furniahed rooms to let.
i MISSION. 1056—Nice sunny single room; $1 75
per week.
MISSION. 1639B —Nice large room for 3 men,
cheap; also front room; grate, bath; with
or without board.
MISSION, 1887, nr. Twelfth—Sunny single fur
nished front room, $5: other room; gas. bath.
O'FARRELL. 707, corner Larkln—Nicely fur
nished sunny bay window room; also suit
with connecting bath; cheap.
O'FARRELL, 230 —Nice sunny room*, single
or double; house changed hands.
POST. 610—Room to let.
POWELL 938—Furnished room*.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ell!*—lncandescent lights;
readlr.g-room, smoking-room and ladles' par
lor; rooma per night, 36c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: bath*.
SIXTH, 224—Nice furnished rooms; reasonable;
i good location.
STEVENSON. 275—Nice fSSBt room to let:
$2 week.
j SAN JOSE aye . 267—Sunny front room, aewly
furnished; private family.
I ———————————————————————————-—-
• THE ST. KATHRTN, CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS -POSITIVELY THE
BUNNIEBT ROOMB IN THE CITY: NEW
SANITARY HAIR MA TRESSES. BATHS.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER: EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
TURK. 121—Clean, sunny furn. rooms, with
board: suite or single; housekeeping; $5 up.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 4032--3 sunny rooms and
hath: rent $12;' no children.
VENDOME 11(4 Market—Furn. rooms, ault*
or single: suites $6 week up. 15 Tnrk.
; UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market—4oo
rooms 85c tc $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room: elevator, read.-room; free bua. baggage.
I Continued on Pace Twelrts
1112
ROOMS TO LET —Furn. and Unfura.
VAN NESS aye., 10dS—Sunny rooms to let,
furnished or unfurnished.
V 5 IN CHESTER Hotel. *4 3d St.. nr. Market-
Moat convenient and respectable; 700 rooms:
85c to $1 60 nightly; $2 to $? week; elevator;
clec. liglus; reading-room; free bus, baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements snd subscriptions has
l*etr. opened ;.t ICOs Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
U ERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL L'AIGLON, 501 Geary st.—Large,
sunny rooms, board; suites, with board for 2,
$50 mo.; single, with board, $25 up; special
family rates; just renovated.
GOLDEN GATE aye, 1081, 11 r Jefferson Park,
fur. front rms, bath; private house; good
board, $20, $22; 2 $32. $36 month.
LEAVENWORTH, 1023—Sunny rooms with
hoard; reasonable; good homo cooking; bath;
phone: central.
EXCELLENT home cocking, $4 per week;
with large sunny room, 85. 323 First st.
"ABLE board. 316 Mir.na at.
COMORA (The), 621 O'Farrell—Quiet, homey:
rates, service, table satisfactory: billiards.
HAIGHT, 68. near Market —Handsomely fur
nished room, with good German board.
ROOM and roard for lady or gentleman. 229
California aye.
SUNNY front rooms, with excellent board; rea
eonable. 1109 Franklin at.
MASON. 615 A. near Sutter—Room and board
for lady; private family.
CALIFORNIA. 807—Best rooms, table and aer
vlce In the city for the least money.
ELLIS. 453—Splendid single rooma with best
of French table board: reasonable.
——————— mwmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmg
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
a BRANCH office of The Call for the recep- !
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
IVANTED—Room and board for 2 adults; state
rates and location. Box 3103, Call office.
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT. |
NOTICE of Restoration of Public Land* to :
Settlement and Entry—Department of the
Interior, General Land Office, Washing
ton. D. C, October 7, 1004: Notice is here
by given that, on September 20, 1904, the
Acting Secretary of the Interior restored to
settlement the DUbllc lands in the following
described areas, which were temporarily
that the said public lands co restored to set
tlement on September 20, 1904. will become
withdrawn fcr forest reserve purposes; and
subject to entry, filing and selection at the
respective United States Land Offices for
the several Lam: Districts in which the
lar.de lie, viz.: Visalia. Stockton, Sacra
mento, Marysville, Susanville and Redding,
California, on January 31, 1905: Township
twenty-eight (28> South, Range twenty-eight
(28) Eaet; Township twenty-eight (28)
South, Range twenty-nine (29) East; Town
c-hip twenty-seven (27) South, Range twen
ty-eight (28) East; Township twenty-seven
(27) South, Range twenty-nine (29) East;
Townenlp twenty-six (26) South, Range
twentj-nine (29) East; Township twen
ty - six (26) South, Range thirty (30)
East; Township twenty-five (25) South,
Range twenty-nine (29) East; Town
si; ip twenty-five (25) South, Range thirty
(30) East; Township twenty-four (24) South,
Range twenty-nine t29) East; Township
twenty-four <2«) South, Range thirty (30)
East; Township twenty-three 123) South.
Range twenty-nine (29) East; Township
twenty-two <22) South, Range twenty
nine (20) East; Township twenty-one (21)
i-outb. Range twenty-nine (2D) East; Town
ship twenty (20) South, Range twenty-eight
(28) East; Township twenty (20) South, Range
twenty-nine (29) East; Township nineteea
(19) South. Range twenty-eight (2S) East,
Township .lineteen (19) South, Range twen
. ty-nine (20) East; Township eighteen (18)
South, Range twenty-eight (28) East; Town
ship eighteen (18) South, Range twen
ty-nine <29> East; Township seventeen
(17) South, Range twenty-seven i 27)
East: Township seventeen (17) South. Range
twenty - eight (28) Ea.-t; Township' seven
teen (17) South, Range twenty-nine (29)
East; Township sixteen (1U) South, Range
twenty-six (26) East: Township sixteen Qtj)
S. uth. Range twenty-seven (27) East; In.
Township sixteen do) South. Range twenty
eight (28) East, Sections lour (4), rive (5;,
six (0), seven (7). eight (8). nine (9), and
Section* fifteen (15) to thirty-six (36), both
Inclusive; Township fitteen (15) South,
Range- twenty-six (2<J) East; Township fif
teen (16) South, Range twenty-seven (27;
East; in Township fifteen (15; South, Range
twenty-eight (28) East. Sections three (3)
to nine (1.0, both inclusive, sixteen (10) to
twenty-one (21). both inclusive, and twenty
eight (2*) to thirty-three (33), both Inclu
sive ; Township lourteen (14) South. Range
twenty-live (25) East; Township fourteen
(14) South, Range twenty-six (26) East,
Township fourteen (14) South, Range
twenty-seven (27) East; Township thir
teen (13) Suuth. Rang-.- twenty - four
(24) East; Township thirteen (13) South
Range twenty-five (25) East; in Township
thirteen (13) South. Range twenty-six (2t>)
East, west half of Section four (4>. Section*
five (fj). six (8), seven (7), eight (8), N\V
cf Section nine (9), Sections seventeen (17),
eighteen (IS), nineteen (19), twenty <20), and'
Sections twenty-live (25) to thirty-six ' <3t>)
both inclusive; Township twelve (12) South'
Range twenty-four (24) East; in Township
twelve (12) South, Range twenty-five (25;
East, Sections four (4). five (5), slx (6j, seven
(7) , eight (8), nine CJ), Sections sixteen (l(i)
to twenty-one (21), both inclusive, all of
Sections twenty-two (22). twenty-three (23)
twenty-four (24), lying south of Kings River'
and Sections twenty-five (25) to thlrty-slx
(36), both inclusive; Township eleven (11)
SAith, I'.ange twenty-three (23) East; Town
ship eleven (11) South, Range twenty-xour
(24) East; In Township eleven (11) South
Range twenty-five (25) East, Sections five
(5), six 16), seven (7), eight (8), nine (9)
Section* sixteen (16) to twenty-one (21)'
both Inclusive, and Sections
(28) to thirty-three (33), both inclusive-
Township ten GO) South, Range twenty-two
(22) East; Township ten (10) South Rancu
twenty-three- (23) East; Township ten GO)
South. Range twentyVour (24) East- Town
ship nine (8) South, Range twenty-two (221
East; In Township nine (9) South Range
twenty-three (23) East, that part of Section
eighteen (IS) lying south of the San Joaauin
River, Section nineteen (19), that part of
Section twenty (20) lying west of the San
Joaquin River, that part of Section twentv
nine (20) lying west of the San Joaquin
r.iver. Sections thirty (30) and thirty-one
(31) , that part of Section thirty-two (32)
lying south of the San Joaquin River that
t '* r .V of c. lst ' L r on thirty-three (33) lying'soiith
°.wv ne 1 - a( - uin River. Section thirty-four
(34) and 8 J' and NW Vi of Section thirty
five; lownship eight (8) South, Range twen- '
ty (20) East; Township eight (8) South
Range twenty-one (21) East; in Township
eight (8) South, Range twenty-two (22) Ea«i
Sections seven (7) to thirty-six (36). both
Inclusive, Township seven (7) South, Range
twenty (20) East; in Township seven (7)
South, Range twenty-one (21) Ea«t Sec
tions six (6) to eleven (11), both inclusive
Sections fourteen (14) to twenty-threa (23>, j
both inclusive, and Sections twenty-six (2(i)
to thirty-six (38), both Inclusive; Township
Big. (6) South. Range nineteen (19) East; Town,
chip tlx (ti) South, Range twenty (20) East
Township five (5) South. Rango nineteen (lyj
Eaet; Township five (5) South, Range twen- '
ty «20) East; in Township ten (10) North
Range eighteen (18) East, Sections one (1)
two (2), eleven (11), twelve (12), thirteen
(13) , fourteen (14), twenty-three (23), twen
ty-four (24;, twenty-five (25), twenty-six
(26) and twenty-seven (27); Township nine
tern (19) North, Range seven (7) East; Town
litis twenty (20) North. Range seven (7) East;
In Township twenty (20) North. Range eight
(8) East. Sections one (1) to thirty-three
(■'!.). both inclusive; Township twenty-four
North, Range two (2) East: Township
twenty-four <24> North, Range three (3)
East; Township twenty-four (24) North,
i'.ange four (4) East; In Township twenty
(20) North. Range fifteen (15) East, Sections
two (2), four (4). five (5). six (6) and eight
(8)j In Township twenty (20) North, Range
sixteen (10) East, Sections two (2), three (3).
eleven (11), thirteen (13) and fourteen (14);
S \b of Township twenty-one (21) North,
Range fifteen (15) East; Township twenty
*ope (21) North, Range sixteen (Xii East; in
Township twenty-two (22) North, Hangs
.cmrteen (14) East, Sections three (3) to ten
(10), both inclusive, fifteen (15) to twenty
two (22). both inclusive, and twenty-seven
(27) to thirty-four (34), both Inclusive; tn
Township twenty-two (22) North, Range alx
tecn (10) East, Sections one (1) to three (3).
both Inclusive, nine (9) to sixteen (16), both
inclusive, twenty-one (21) to twenty-eight
(28) , both inclusive, and thirty-two (32) to
thirty-six (36), both inclusive; Township
twenty-two (22) North. Range seventeen (17)
East; Township twenty-two (22) North
RSBge eighteen (IS) East; in Township :
twenty-three (23) North, Range fourteen
(14) East, Sections thirteen (13), twenty-four
(24), twenty-five (26). twenty-six (26), twen
ty-seven (27), twenty-eight (28), thirty-two
(32) , thirty-three (33), thirty-four (34).
(hlrty-flve (35) and thirty-six (36); in Town
ihlp twenty-three (23) North, Range fifteen
• 15) East, Sections thirteen (13) to eighteen
(18). both inclusive; In Township twenty
three (23) North, Range sixteen (16) East,
Sections eleven (11), twelve (12), thirteen
(13) and fourteen (14): In Township twenty
three (23) North, Range seventeen (17) East.
Sections cne (1) "to five (5), both Inclusive,
and Sections seven (7) to thirty-six (36),
both inclusive; Township twenty-three (23)
North, Range eighteen (18) East: in Town
t-hip twerfty-four (24) North, Range nine (9)
East, Sections ten (10), eleven (11). twelve
(12), thirteen (13), fourteen (14), fifteen |15),
sixteen (10), twenty-one (21), twenty-two
(22), twenty-throe (23) and twenty-tour (24);
In Township twenty-four (24) North, Range
seventeen (17) East, Sections cne (1) to four
(4), both Inclusive, E ft of Section five (6),
E % of Section eight (8). Sections nine (9)
to sixteen tlO), both inclusive. Sections twen
ly-two (22) to twenty-seven (27). both lnclu-
TJNTTEp STATES GOVERNMENT—Com.
slvc, and Sections thirty-three (33) to
thirty-six (36), both Inclusive* Town
ship twenty-four (24) North. Range
I eighteen (18) East: in Township twenty
-1 five (25) North, Range sixteen (16) East.
; Sections one '1), two (2), three (3), ten (10),
eleven (11). twelve (12), thirteen (13), four
-1 teen (14), twenty-three (23), twenty-four (24)
i and twenty-live (25); Township twenty-five
(25) North, Range seventeen (17) East;
j Township twenty-five (26) North. Range
j eighteen (18) East; in Township twenty-six
(£(i) North, Range ten (10) East, Sections
one (1), five (5). six (6), seven (7), eight (8),
nine (9). twelve (12), N of Section thir
teen (13). Sections fourteen (14), sixteen
' (10) seventeen (17). eighteen (18). Section*
; nineteen (19* to twenty-three (23), both in
clusive. Sections twenty-six (26) to thirty
(30), both inclusive, and Section thirtv-flve
I t35), ir, Township twenty-six (26) North,
j Range fifteen (15) East. Sections one (1),
two (2), three (3), N Q cf Section five (5),
N % of Section six <tl), and Sections eleven
I (11) and twelve (12): In Township twenty-
I seven (27) North, Range twelve (12) East,
1 Sections twenty-three (23) and twenty-four
t24); in Township twenty-seven (27) North.
; Range fourteen (14) East. Sections eight (8),
nine (9), fifteen (15), sixteen (IS), twenty
two (22). twenty-three (23), twenty-four j
(24) , twenty-five (26). twenty-six (26). thirty- 1
five (35) and thirty-six (36); Township twen- j
ty-eight (28) North. Range nine (0) East;
In Township twenty-eight (28) North. Range '
thirteen (13) East, Sections twenty-four (24; !
and twenty-five (25); In Township thirty- :
four (34) North, Range ten (10) West. Sec- i
j Hons seven (7). eight (8), nine (9), sixteen
0.8), seventeen (17), eighteen (18), nine
teea (19). twenty (20), twenty-one (21). !
twenty-eight (28), twenty-nine (29). thirty j
(30), thirty-one (31), thirty-two (32) and '
thirty-three (.'13); in Township thirty-four |
(34) North, Range seven (7) West, Sections
twenty-five (25). thirty-live (35) and thirty- I
I six (30); Township thirty-four (34) North, j
Range six (6) West; Township thirty-four !
(34) North, Range five 16) West; N % of |
Township thirty-four (34) North. Range four
(4) West: Township thirty-five (36) North. !
Range five (5; West; Township thirty-five
(35) North, Range four (4) West; Township
thirty-five (35) North, Range three (3) West;
Township thirty-five (35) North, Range two j
(2) West; W Ms of Township thlrty-flve (3.1) 1
I North. Range one (1) West; S % of Township
thirty-*ix (36) North, Range four (4) West; '
! Townehlp thlrty-slx (36) North, Range three (3) i
West• Township thirty-six (36) North, Range i
' four#4) East; Township thirty-seven (87) j
North, Range four (4) Eaet; Township thirty
nine (39) North, Range three (3) Weat; !
Township thirty-nine ((89) North, Range two
(2) West; in Township forty (40) North, |
Range eight (8) West, Sections two (2), three
(3) , ten (10) and fifteen (15); In Township
forty-one (41) North, Range eight (8) Weet, j
Sections one (1), two (2), three (3). ten (10), !
eleven (11). twelve (12), thirteen (13). four
teen (14), fifteen (15), twenty-two (22), twen- :
ty-three (23), twenty-four (24) twenty-five j
(25) , twenty-six (26), twenty-seven (27), 1
thirty-four (34) and thirty-five (35); In i
Township forty-one (41) North, Range »even
(7) West, Sections two (2), three (8), four
(4) . five (5), six (6), seven (T), eight (8). j
nine (9), ten (10). sixteen (16), seventeen (J. 7), j
eighteen (18), nineteen (19) and twenty (20); ;
all of Mount Diablo Meridian, California.
W. A. RICHARDS, Commissioner. I
Approved: THOB. RYAN, Acting Secretary
Of th» Int«rfA.
! ■
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
THE opportunity cf a lifetime to buy the !
best sewing machine in the world at little
price is now; the place Is the new retail
office of the White Co.. 915 Market st.; all
shop-worn and used machines are being
closed out regardless of cost to manufacture;
sale now going on.
ALL makes; 2d-hand, $2, $5, $7, $9; new, $4, $8;
drop heads, 5-drawer. golden oak, $15; rented,
repaired: lowest rates. National Automatic 1
S. M. Co., 145 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 3796. j
DOMESTIC—The machine for family use; best 1
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes
tic -office. 1021 Market st.. nr. Sixth. j
ALL kinds second-hand $3, $5. $8; slightly
used $10. "$l5, $20: you know where the dolls
swing in the window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran- j
eed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mlaslon st. j
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A—EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture, !
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725- !
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 10 Drumm^et.;
phone Mint 2041; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored. I
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of
flee Post and Powell sts.: tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
PA«TFIC S rage and Furniture Moving Com- j
__pany, 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281. !
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery !
st.; tel. Main ISjO. Shipping at cut rates.
SPECIAL NOTICES. j.
A GUARANTEED cure for piles; PETER
FREILING'S pile salve, $1 per box; war
ranted to cure all cases of bleeding. Itching,
external. Internal or protruding piles, also
fistula, without fail, no matter how long
standing. 1028 Devisadero st.. near Sutter.
THE following half-orphans have been ad
mitted into the Nursery for Homeless Chil
dren: Jennie Camplau, 6 years; Lillle M.
Lowe, 6 years; Wilfred Janos, 11 years;
Gordon Dobson. 8 years.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS
For
PAPER FOR THE PUBLIC PRINTING
AND BINDING.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received un
til January 12. 1905. at 10:30 o'clock a. m., for
furnishing the PAPER for the PUBLIC •
PRINTING and BINDING for the' year end
ing 2Stb of February, 1906, the said proposals
to be opened before and the award of con
tracts to be made by the Joint Committee of
Congress on Public Printing to the lowest and
best bidder for the interest of the Government,
the committee reserving to itself the right to
reject any and all bids, as Its Judgment of the
best interests of the Government may dictate.
Detailed schedules of the description, quan
tity, and quality of the paper required, accom
panied by samples and blank proposals, and
giving ihe regulations with which bidders must I
comply, can be obtained by addressing F. W. I
Palmer, Public Printer, Washington, D. C. !
The contracts will be entered into for sup- '
plying such quantities of paper as may be
needed during the year, and no more.
The estimated quantities set forth in detail
in the schedule comprise: i j
90,000 reams machine-finish printing paper,
24x38. ,
20,000 reams machine-flnl»h printing paper,
38x48.
36,500 reams sized and super-calendered
white or tinted printing paper, va- i
rlous sizes.
400 reams antique machine-finish printing I
paper.
32,600 reams white writing paper, vsrioua
Sizes and weights'.
3,800 reams colored writing paper, various
sizes and weights.
5.100 reams cover paper, various sizes and
weights.
10.000 pounds of best plate paper.
250,000 pounds of best map paper.
700,000 pounds superfine (single and double) ,
coaled book paper. ; ,
5,650 ream* manila paper, various sizes and
weights.
154.000 pounds bond paper.
20.000 pounds artificial parchment, various
sizes.
4,000 pounds parchment deed. <
10,000 sheets plated bullet patch, 16x21 !
inches.
10,000 sheets hlgh-flnlsh onion skin, 19x24
Inches.
170,000 sheets cardboard, various colors, slzea I <
and weights.
3,600,000 sheets bristol board, various colors, j
sizes, and weights.
9,600 reams first-class ledger paper,, white j
or blue, laid or wove, various sizes 1
n and weights.
9,.00 reams second-class ledger paper, !
white or blue, laid or wove, varl- <
ous sizes and weights.
6.300 reams tissue and copying paper.
40 reams blotting paper, any required
color and weight.
820 reams marble, comb, and lining pa
per, various sizes.
700 reams typewriter paper, various sizes
and weights.
1,115 reams letter, note and quarto-post
paper.
200 reams whits French 'folio, 17x22 {
Inches.
25 reams extra S. and C. tissue paper,
25x38 inches.
2,000 sheets parchment, 15x21 inches. I
Proposals will be received for one thousand
reams or more.
By direction of the Joint Committee of Con
gress on Public Printing.
F. W. PALMER,
_ Public Printer.
Washington, D. C. December 12, 1904.
DEPARTMENT of the Interior, Washington.
D. C, Dec. 19, 1904.—Sealed proposals will
be received until lo o'clock a. m., January
10. 1906. at the office of the Chief Engineer t
of the Reclamation Service. United States
Geological Survey, Washington, D. C, for
the furnishing of 2000 barre;s, more or leas,
of Portland cement, to be delivered at Ros
well, N. M. Particulars may be obtained
by applying to W. M. Reed, United Statea
Geological Survey, Roewell, N. M., or to
the Chief Engineer of the United States
Reclamation Service, Washington, D. C.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certi
fied check drawn to the order of the Secre
tary of the Interior for 2 per cent of the (
contract price, as a guarantee that the bid
der will, If successful, promptly execute a
satisfactory contract and furnish bond In the
sum of 20 per cent of the contract price for
the faithful performance of the work. The
right Is reserved to reject any and all bid*
to accept one part and reject the other, and
to waive technical defects as the Interests
of the service may require. Bidders are In- 1
vited to be present. Proposals must be
marked: "Proposal for cement, Hondo
Project, New Mexico."
E. C. HITCHCOCK. Secretary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 2, 1905.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. I
I DIVIDEND NOTICE: The Giant Powder
I Company. Con.—A dividend. No. 73, of fifty |
1 centa (50c) per share on the Issued capital .
I stock of the company has been declared pay- |
' able a* the office of the company, rooms j
j 203, 204 and 200. Hayward bldg.. San Fran- I
| cisco, on Jan. 10 1905. Transfer books close i
l Jan. 3, 1905, at 'noon. C. C. QUINN. Sec. i
DIVIDEND NOTICE —Italian American Bank, j
corner Montgomery and Sacramento sts.— j
For the half-year ending December 31. a !
dividend has been declared at the rate of i
3% per cent per annum on all savings de
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday, January 3. 1905. A. SBAKBORO.
President; A. E. SBARBOBO, Cashier. i
OFFICE of The Hibernla Savings and Loan
Society, cor. Market, McAllister and Jones
sts.—San Francisco. Dec. 28, 1904.—At a
regular meeting of the board of directors of
this society, held this day, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one
half (3%) per cent per annum on all deposits
for the six months ending December 31,
1904, free from all taxes, and payable on
and after January 3. 1905. ROBERT J.
TO BIN, Secretary.
' DIVIDEND NOTlCE—Central Trust Company,
42 Montgomery street—For the six months
■ ending December 31, 1»(H. dividends have
! Sheen declared on the deposits in the savings
department of this company as follows: On |
term deposits at the rate of 3 6-10 per oen: i
per annum, and on ordinary deposits at th-»
i rate of 3Vi per cent per annum, i'ree from ]
, taxes|and payable on and after Tuesday,
January 3, 1905.
H. BRUNNER, Caahier.
' DIVIDEND Notice—San Francisco and Subur
ban Home Building Society, sth floor. Mutual
i Savings Ban* building, 708 Market St., op
! poslte Third at.—For the half-year ending
December 31, 1904. a dividend has been de
clared at the rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital stock and participating* car- ;
tincates, free from taxes, payable on and
I after Monday January 2, 190*:.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager.
,T. M. DUKE. Secretary.
■ - — 1
■ DIVIDEND Notice—California Safe Deposit
i and Trust Cc.c.p.ury. corner California and
! Montgomery sts.—For the alx months ending
December 31. 1904. dividends have been de
, clarcd on the deposits in the savings depart
ment of this company as follows: On term
deposits, at the rate of 8 6-10 per cent per
i annum, and on ordinary depoalts at the rate
| of 3 per vent per annum, free of taxes, and
payable on and after Tuesday. January S,
1805. J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
DIVIDEND notice—Mechanics' Savings Bank,
southwest corner Bush and Montgomery sts. —
j For the half year ending with December 31.
1904, a dividend has been declared at the
rate of three and one-quarter (3*4) per cent i
per annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay
able on and after Tuesday. January 3, 1906.
Deposits bear Interest from date received.
FREDERICK H. CLARK. Caahier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE—SECURITY SAVINGS
! BANK, 222 Montgomery St., Mills building;
for naif year ending December 31, 1904, j
dividends upon all deposits at the rate of
three and one-quarter (3*4) per cent per
i annum, free of taxes, will be payable on :
and after January 3. 1905. FRED W. RAY,
! Secretary.
! HUMBOLDT Savings Bank, now at 626 Market
street, opposite Palace Hotel, for the half- 1
year, ending December 31. 1904. has declared
a dividend on deposits at the rate of three
and one-quarter (3*4) per cent per annum,
free of taxes; payable on and after Tuee
day, January 3. 1905.
W. E. PALMER. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice—Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery at., corner of Sutter, has
declared a dividend for the term ending
December 31. 1904, at the rate of three and j
one-quarter (3*4) per cent per annum on all
deposits, free of taxes and payable on and
lifter January 2. 1905. CYRUS W. CAR
MANY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE—Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco, 710 Market st.—For the half- |
year ending December 31, 1904, a dividend ',
has been declared at the rate of three and I
one-quarter (3%) per cent per annum on ail !
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday. January '3 1905. GEORGE A.
STORY, cashier.
THE Continental Building !Ui* Loan Assocla- I
tion of 301 California st.. can Francisco, i
has declared a dividend for the six months
ending December 31, 1904, of 5 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits; 6 per cent on
term deposits, and 7 per cent on class "F" i
Installment stock. DR WASHINGTON
DODGE, president; WM. CORBIN. secretary.
STOP DKINKING.
GUARANTEED cure; send 50c; tablet form;
mailed in plain package; has cured thou
sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. 8. F.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING
MELBOURNE system; 2 schools; 810 Diamond.
521 Franklin. Inquire 521 Franklin. 8 to 12. I
BIRTHS—MARBiAGES—DEATHS, i
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. Theyi must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per- !
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
fres of charge. I
BORN.
THAL—In this city. December 30 1004, to the
vllfe of Fred Thai, a son.
ZENTNER—In this city, December 29, 1904,
to the wife of Julius Zentner, a daughter.
DIED.
Andersen. Albert P.—55 Norrington. Wm.—BB.
Armour, Alexander—29. Norton, Ellen.
Barbeau, Joseph 0.—64 O'Farrell Bernard—3l.
Cariilo. Theodosia—Bs. Otway. Michael—so.
Corrlgan, Peter—79. Parrott, Helene E.
Crites, Chas. A. —43. Phelon, Wm. P.—7o.
Crowe, Mary A. —51. Pyne George—lo mos.
Davis. John H.—62. Rhodes. Capt.B.M.—6s.
Duffy, James—7s. Richardson. John—23^
Greene, Margaret—72. Schaohhuber, Caro-
Healey, Patrick—Bs. line—6B.
Honan. Mrs. Wm. P. Schaubel, Ernest—24.
Jackson, Jane—7s. Schroeder. Frederick— .
Kelly, James—7o. 1 year.
Mallory, Thos. H.—6o. Steimke, Dorathea—sl.
McFarren. Robert—s3. Vorrath Thos. H.—66
McFeeley. Bernard—7s. Walker,' Anna J. —54.
Murray, Clara C. Weber Frank W.—35.
Murray. Kate—73. Wells Catherine —67.
Nellan. Nellie C.—4l. f
ANDERSEN—In Alameda. December 31, 1904. 1
Albert Peter Andersen, beloved and only
i-rother of Mrs. Hertha Kraul of Peach
street, Alameda, a native of Denmark, aged
55 years and 17 days.
ARMOUR—In this city, December 81. 1904, I
Alexander, dearly beloved husband of Eliza
beth Armour (nee Ohlendorf), and brother of
John and William Armour, a native of Scot- i
land, aged 20 years and 25 days. A member
of Boilermakers' Union.
ICFriends an d acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day t
(Monday), at 1:30 p. m., from his late , *
residence, 233 Texas street, between Seven
teenth and Eighteenth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
BARBEAU—In this city, January 1. 1005,
Joseph O. Barbeau. beloved father of Mis, 5
Charles Brocher. Mrs. Charles To?pke and
Frank and Oliver Barbeau a native of Mon- .
treal. Quebec, aged 64 years and 11 days.
CARILLO— In this city. December 31. 1904.
Theodosia Carilio, mother of Frank and £
Alexander Cariilo. Mrs. Lizzie Treat, Mrs.
F. Matheny (nee Tate) and Mrs. Lulu Myers, :
a native of Santa Clara, Cal.. aged 85 years. 1
CORRIGAN —In Oakland. December 31, 1904,
Peter, beloved husband of Catherine Corrigan 1
and father of Mrs. F. X. Schempp and Peter
A. and E. O. Corrigan. a native of County j
Monaghan, Ireland, aged 79 years 9 months ,
and_22 days.
fCTFuneral Tuesday, January 3, at 8:30
a. m.. from the residence of his son, E. O. ;
Corrigan, 1211 Chestnut street, thence to
the Church of the Immaculate Conception,
where a requiem hlgS mass will be cele- :
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc
ing at 9a. m. Interment St. Mary's Ceme
tery, Oakland.
CRITES —In this city. January 1. 1905, Charles
Alexander Crites. beloved husband of Alice i
Crites and father of Ray V. Crites. a native :
of Wisconsin, aged 43 years and 25' days.
CROWE—In this city, January 1, 1005, Mary
A., beloved wife of John C. Crowe, and :
mother of Cecil, Gladys and Evelyn Crowe, J
a native of Stockton, Cal., aged 61 years.
DAVIS —In this city. January t. 1905. John
H. Davis, beloved husband of the late Annie
Davis, and devoted father of William J.
Davis, Mrs. L. B. Johnson, Mrs. Otto Wilson
and Mrs. Joe Cuneo. a native of North
Llsbury. Mass.. aged 62 yeara.
crFFriends and acquaintance* are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), January 3. at 1 p. m., from his
late residence. 182 Guerrero street, near '
Fourteenth. Interment Mount Olivet Cem- '
etery.
DUFFY—In thla city, December 30, 1804,
James Duffy, a native of Ireland, aged 75
yeara.
my Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 7:45 o'clock a. m., from his
late residence, 347 Fremont street, thence to
St. Brendan's Church, corner Fremont and
Harrison streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GREENE—In thla city, December XL 1904.
at her residence, 782 Fourteenth street, Mar
gart Greene, wife of the late Charles
Greene, a native of England, aged 72 years
2 months and 19 days. B
fCTThe funeral services will take place to
day (Monday), from her late residence. ~
782 Fourteenth street, at 11:30 a. m. Inter- 11
ment strictly private. C
HEALEY—In this city, December 29, 1904, I
Patrick Healey. a native of County Roscom- t
mon, Ireland, aged 85 years.
tC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect- n
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday, O
I January 2. at Ba. m., from the parlore of
James McMenomey * Son, 1057 Mission
street, opposite new Postofflce. thence to St.
Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth and Church
j streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com
j meneing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
I Cemetery.
j HONAN—A requiem high mass will be cele
| brated for the repose of the soul of the late
; Mrs. William P. Honan Monday morning at
9 o'clock at St. Brendan's Church, corner
| Fremont and Harrison streets. Friends are
respectfully invited to attend.
; JACKSON—In this city December 30. 1804.
Jane Jackson, cousin of Mrs. C. Smith, a
( native of County Cavan, Ireland, aged 75
years.
IUF Friends and acquaintances arc respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 12 o'clock from the parlors of
Jame3 McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy street, thence
to St. Mary's Cathetlral for services, com
mencing at 1 p. m., thence to Holy Cross
Cemetery for Interment, via electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
KELLY—In this city, January 1 1905. James,
dearly beloved husband of Margaret Kelly,
and uncle of Thomas Kelly, Mrs. P. Manix
and the late John Kelly, a native o£ County
Roscommon, Ireland, aged 70 years.
EFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m.. from his late resl
| dence. 3 Morrell place, between Pacific and
Broadway. Hyde and Larkin streets, thence
to St. Brigid's Church, where a solemn re
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9a. m. Please omit
flowers. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MALLORY—In Oakland December 30. 1004,
Thomas H. Mallory, a native of Ohio, aged
69 years 3 months and 8 days.
IC?"Frtends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday afternoon, January 3, at 2 o'clock,
at the hall of Oakland I>odge No. 171, B.
P. O. Elks, 416 Fourteenth street. Oakland,
i McFARREN— In Oakland, Cal., December. 30,
1904, Robert McFarren, a native of Ireland, '
aged 53 years.
and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 p. m., from the parlors of
Craig, Cochran & Co., 429 Golden Gate ave
nue, between Polk and Larkln streets. In- 1
•terment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by car
riage.
MeFEELEY—In this city January 1. 1005. at
his residence, 672 Greenwich street, Bernard,
beloved husband of Bridget McFeeley, and
loving father of James, Daniel, Ben, Edward
and Mamie McFeeley and Mrs. Joseph W.
Cooney, a native of Donegal. Ireland, aged
75 years.
IE?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
MURRAY—In this city December 81. 1904.
Clara C. beloved daughter of the late Wil- ;
( liam and Elizabeth Murray, a native of San
Francisco.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect
! fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
1 (Tuesday), at 10 a. m.. from her late resi
dence, 1232 Bush street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
[ be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
I commencing at 10:80 a. m Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MURRAY—In this city December 31. 1904.
Kate, dearly beloved mother of Michael and
Jerry Murray. Mrs. Jamee Beahy, Mrs. Gus
Reinhart and Mrs. J. Posey, a native of
Ireland, aged 73 years.
lC?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:45 a. m., from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
NEILAN—In this city, January 1. 1905. Nellie
C, dearly beloved wife of Michael T.
Neilan, and beloved mother of Manuel W., I
Robert J., Elena M. and James A. Neilan, j
and aunt of Raymond Connor, a native of
Honduras. Central America, aged 41 years.
fT-?" Notice of funeral In Tuesday morning's .
papers.
NORRINGTON—At Belmont. December 31. |
1904. William, beloved husband of Margaret
E. Norrington, and father of Mrs. W. H.
French of Denver, Colo., William E. and
Esther Norrington, a native of I.ondnn, Eng
land, aged 56 years 8 months and 25 days.
(South Dakota papers please copy.)
tETFuneral services under the auspices of
Hayward Dodge No. 226, F. and A. M., of
San Mateo. Funeral from Belmont Tueaday,
January 3. by 12:11 p. m. train, thence to
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
NORTON—In this city, January 1. 1905, Ellen,
beloved wife of George R. Norton, and aunt
of W. B. C. Roberts. Mrs. J. Bay,is and
Mrs. J. Kerr, a native of England.
O'FARRELL—In this city, December 31, 1004,
Bernard, beloved husband of Annie O'Far
rell. and son of Ann and the late Bernard
O'Farrell. a native of San Rafael, Cal.,
aged 31 years 5 months and 18 days.
CyThe funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother, William J. O'Farrell, 227
Shotwell street, thence to the Church of St.
Charles Borromeo, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repoee of his
soul, commencing at 1) o'clock. Interment
Holy Crow? Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
OTWAY—In this city, December 30, 1904,
Michael Otway, beloved husband of Annie
Otway, and father of Willie Otway, a native
of Pittsburg, Pa., aged 50 years. (Pitts
burg papers please copy.)
and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9 a. m., from the parlors of
Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PARROTT—In this city, January 1, 1905,
Helene Eulaila, beloved daughter of John F.
and Margaret Parrott. and sister of Mac and
Irene Parrott. a native of San Francisco.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 a. m.. from her late resi
dence, 1723 Hyde street, thence to St. Brlgld'a
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com
mencing at 10 a. m. Interment private. Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
PHELON—In this city, December 29, 1904,
William Pike Phelon, beloved rather of Wil
liam Phelon, founder and elder brother of
the Hermetic Brotherhood of A. L. and E..
a native of England, aged 70 years 3 months |
and 1 day.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
January 2, 1905. at 11:30 a. m.. from the ]
chapel at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
PYNE— In this city. January 1, 1905. George
Joseph, beloved son of Daniel and
Millie Pyr.e, a native of San Francisco, Cal.,
aged 10 months and 21 days.
RHODES—In this city, December 31 1004.
Captain B. M. (William) Rhodes, a native
of Northport, Me., aged 65 years.
RICHARDSON—In this city, January 1. 1005.
John Richardson, beloved son of Emma and
the late John Richardson, and brother qf
Mrs. Mattie Schmidt and Mrs. Fred Ptaim
of Watsonville. a native of California, aged
23 years.
SCHACHHUBER—In thla city, January 1.
1905, Caroline, beloved wife of the late John
Sc'nachhuber. and loving, mother of Mrs.
Otto Schmidt, Mrs. Andrew E. Brown Mrs
James P. Mallon and the late John Schach
huber Jr.. a native of Vienna. Austria, aged
68 years 1 month and 0 days.
SCHAUBEL—In this city. December 31. 1904,
Ernest. beloved husband of E:iza F.
Schaubel, and father of Merle Schaubel, a
native of Clay Center. Kans., aged 21 years
11 months and 13 days.
Cs*lnterment Clay Center, Kans.
SCHROEDER—In this city. January 1, 19C5.
Frederick Schroeder. infant son of William
G. and Annie Schroeder, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year and 3 months.
IClnterment private.
STEIMKE —Entered into rest. In this city. Jan- j
vary 1, 1905. at her residence, corner Octavla !
and Union streets, Dorathea. beloved wife of
the late Frederick J. Steimke, and devoted
mother of Mrs. Sydney Vernon and John H. ;
and Sophie Steimke, a native of Germany,
aged 54 years.
VORRATH—In this city. January 1, 1905 at
his residence. 241 Twelfth street, aftT a iong
and painful Illness, Thomas H., dearly be
loved husband of Sophie L. Vorrath and be
loved father of Mrs. Annie White, Mrs.
Sophie Buttelmann. Mrs. Clara Juel Mtb. 1
Bertha Spotswood and Ernest. William. '
Albert, Walter and Henry Vorrath and
brother of Dlederlch and the late A. H. !
Vorrath, a native of Heide. Hoiatein Ger- !
many, aged 08 years 7 months and 17' days. ;
A member of Harmony Lodge No. 13, L O.
O. F., and Voreln Eintracht.
WALKER—In Oakland. January 1, 1905, Anna I
J. Walker, beloved mother of William E.
Walker, a native of Tennessee, aged 54 years i
11 months and 22 days.
WEBER—In Seattle. Wash., December 20
1894, Frank W., beloved husband of Nonie '
Weber, and brother of Albert Weber, a na- i
tlve of New York, aged 35 yeara and 2
months.
(C?" Friend« and acquaintance* are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the par
lors of Carew & English. 29 Van Ness ave
nue. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets.
WELLS—Entered Into rest. In this city, Janu
ary 1, 1006. Catherine Wells, beloved mother
of Mr*. William Doyle Mrs. L. W. Dice,
Mrs. Frank Farrell. Mrs. George Booker and
Frank Wells, a native of County Armagh,
Ireland, aged 67 years.
E7Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect- *
folly Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), January 3. at 8:30 a. m., from '
her late residence. 11 Bartlett street, be- 1
tween Twenty-first and Twenty-second, Va- M
lencla and Mission, thence to St. James - 1
Church, where a requiem high mass will be : '
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com- 1
menclng at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross <
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from Thlr- '
tleth street and San Jose avenue. Kindly , '
omit flowers. '
■ —— : •
In 1900 the number of the foreign born i «
In New York of all races was 1,270,080. ; |
Of these 232,343 were Germans, 275,102 i ,
Irish and 145,433 Italian. Since then the ' *
Italians have more than doubled in 1
number, but the increase In the two ' J
other races has been small relatively, i t
NUMBERS
—OF THE—
BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
(Class "M.")
City of Mexico, Deo. 29, 1904.
No. Prize.! No. Prize.] No. Prize
121 $40j 165 $40 490 $200
701 20 877 200 929 100
I 998 201 1005 20 112:? 20
I 1203 20, 1215 40 1244 20
1325 40| 1361 20! 1412 20
1446 20| 1509 40) 1562 40
I 1603 20! 1726 20( 1752 40
1 1891 20| 1962 40! 1986 20
i 2065 40| 2246 20 2598 20
I 2484 100; 2538 201 2700 40
i 2749 200j 2962 1001 3138 20
3109 201 3427 20 3481 40
, 3537 600001 8574 20j 3668 20
3680 100 3761 40] 3777 40
4121 20| 4145 401 4149 100
! 4160 401 4194 40| 4243 40
4280 40] 4402 40| 4432 100
4459 20| 4665 T00( 4740 40
4800 201 4868 20! 4910 200
5002 40 ! 6030 20| 5106 40
• 51 .'{s 100| 5172 100! 5373 500
5537 100| 5567 40] 6029 . 20
! 6181 sOo| 6380 20, 6478 20
| 6502 20| 6669 20| 6677 20
! 6703 201 6824 20| 7012 20
; 7129 40 7167 20 7227 20
; 7300 20! 7466 10O| 7595 20
7025 4Cj 7974 40| 7997 20
8018 401 8126 20 8315 100
I 8393 20| 8414 40| 8679 40
8791 401 5796 201 8835 20
I 8854 20] 8917 20] 9004 40
, 901S 401 9072 40( 9250 20
; 9343 4 0O| 9483 40| 9527 40
' 9544 40] 9712 20] 9744 20
9850 4010075 20110138 40
10200 20110337 100 i 10370 20
10426 20j 10428 20110458 20
j 10677 2010029 20| 10861 40
10030 lw 10932 2Ci10950 20
; 10961 2011235 20111238 20
I 11340 20 11349 20111363 500
! 11430 40)11436..... 20|11470 20
11519 20(11629 20111708 100
11811 100 11911 100111967 20
12280 100112458 100112612 20
12582 20112609 20 12736 40
I 12751 20 12798 20 12891 20
I 12917 20 12960 20 13076 20
; 13158 200]13194 200 13313 20
13377 20|13462 20 13456 20
; 13551 20)13800 40 13937 40
14302 40]14372 20[14429 40 ,
14451 20114880 20114782 20
14817 20H4833 40115005 20 i
15120 40 15280 40 15310 40
15362 1000115439 -40115469 20 I
15681 20!l568l 20 15739 20
15542 20116037 40116141 40 ;
16105 40 16217 20 16280 40
: 16333 200116446 40! 10498 40 j
• 16750 20116866 20!l6»10 20
J7021 20117034 40 17041 40 j
17146 100 17373 200|17428 20
17581 20(17689 500|17629 40 j
17731 40117957 40117959 40
! 17964 100 17086 20118071 40
18122 100-187*2 600 18785..... 20!
18808 20 18947 20(10019 20
19033 40 10343 20119398 20
19448 40 19590 20120024 20,
20123 100 20211 20|20803 20 1
20411 2<XV20491 40120492 20;
; 20554 40|20656 100(20744 40 !
i 20880 20(20072 20|20989 100 j
21109 • 40 21182 40121230 20
213e6 20(21373 20 21566 20
21709 20121794 40 21811 100
21885 40122372 20122535 40
22550 20]22564 20)22568 20
22577 20 22595 40|22668 40
22673 20122694 20 22744 40
22819 20 22839 20123035 20
23078 4012:1199 100(23390 20
23491 20 2:1774 20123779 40
23820 20'240(52 20 24130 20
24389 40 24468 100124692 40
24741 20124796 200|248«8 200
24881 100 34968 40126037 20 J
25100 20|25107 20i25262 100
25276 20125316 40125366 100
25473 100125530 20125809 20 :
25034 40!2«104 40|26301 40
26302 100126313 20 26406 20 i
26622 20:26725 20 20820 20 j
26942 20! 26973 2027163 20
27185 20127202 40127256 20 1
27315 40127378 100 27681 20
127700 20127724 40127801 40 ]
27860 40128013 20128C28 20
28043 20:28128 20(28189 40
28251 40 28305 100 28300 100
28367 40128432 20128451 40
28555 20128688 40128902 20
28942 40 29148 40
29189....* 40129214 40 29422 40
29450 20129551 20129569 200:
29676 200 29739 40)29844 20
29851 40|
29950 c 20 30132 100130134 40
30217 40(30219 40:30261 500 !
30726 20130709 20(30835 40 j
,30006 40130030 20i31206 40!
31395 20 ! 31397 40131445 40 1
31451 20 31477 40131533 20]
31603 20131618 20 31609 100!
►31742 40)31785 20:31878 40
31924 20.31942 40132145 20
32198 100 32378 20 32470 100
32564 100(32589 20000132720 40
32770 40132780 40132812. . >. . 100 1
32883 20 33030 100:33083 40
33100 2033243 20133439 1000 '
83490 20(33676..... 100133701 40!
34009 100 34062 20'.i4143 20 ,
34151 20134193 40(34204 40,
34214 20134230 20(34386 20
34404 40 34829 100 34890 20 (
34904 20 34990 100135182 20;
35398 2035402 40136495 \2O j
35510 20 35906 40|36924 100
35933 40136045 100136055 20 i
36082 40(36195 40 36316 40
3636!) 4036487 40|36589 40
36595 20136684 20:36685 40 I
30713 20 36716 40136783 20 I
36877 20137093 20137272 20
1 37456 t 40137543 40(37556 40
37641 t 20|37681 1000137745 200
375H4 4037933 20137985 40 1
08112 20i38214 20138221 40 1
38237 40)38257 20138262 20
138.326 '. 20138330 401.38411 40 |
! 38427 40138436 20138520 40 I
38X16 100138858 20138867 20 j
38882 20)39074 20139144 20
i 39162 40,39186 2f>|39271 40 j
39419 40|39430 20 39578 20 I
39585 20(39620 100139756 20 I
39803 20130912 100(40020 40 i
40037 40140200 40 44*269 20 j
40383 20140804 800 40806 100 )
40904 100140910 20]41164 1000 !
41461 20141468 40,41553..;.. 40 I
41606 20141795 20141813 40 !
41598 20,41934 40(41975 20!
42034 40(42108 40142234. 40,
4227:: 20 42346 20 42404 20 1
42604 20)42675 20!43009 20 '
43107 100,43217 40143237 20 1
43205 20143316 20143375 40 •
43563 10043567 40|4362!) 100!
43630 20(43771 20 48776 40)
43816 40[44090 40144180 100 I
442C0 20i44216 40) 14219 20 1
41307 20 44320 20)44527 20 i
44060 20,14072 20144755 40 ,'
44831 100 44880 20144043 40!
44005 20 45010 20045053 40!
45! 17 20|45207 20(45211 40 1
45423 100145430 100:45504 20 1
45543 29145833 20!4565:t 20!
45531 20 46989 20146017 ICO i
40149 2C 40182 40146502 20 i
46538 20146825 20146726 • 20'
46048 40146902 40147019 100!
47081 20(47203 20(47530 20:
477&3 20 47802 2C|48827 200
47878 20 47921 40)48019 100 1
48121 2014820S 20148280 20)
48293 20)48811 20148458 40 1
48485 20148534 100!48562 20*
49888 40:48785 100 48060 100'
40185 20|49326 1000)49347 20 !
4941.8 20 49513 20|405:!5 40 '
49002 20 49631 20149827 20'
50083 100|50163 100 50180 40 !
50500 40 50826 40|50ftC9 40
50030 20l 50075 20151348 100
51450 40151456 20151489 200 '■
51504 20 51755 100(51972 20'
52208 20 52521 40(52558 20'
52657 40152744 20152870 20
52030 20153253 20153265 20
53324 40153548 2o| 53600 100
53611 20:53655 20i54294 20 I
54300 20 54454 40 54523 20
54.873 20154076 20155066 20
55067 20(55210 20|55213 20
65404 20:55683 40)56006 20
50046 40 56201 40 56232 40
56248 20156278 20156.332 20
66417 40)56493 20150406 20
66671 20156989 20157191 20
57266 20 67*87 20(57513 100
57635 200 57002 20)57749 20
57811 40 57088 40(58127 20
58329 40(58515 20158601 40
5865:! 100158609 20|58733 100
58018 100 50080 40150195 20
69313 40 50.326 20|50503 100
59639 1000 50650 20150805 20
59870 20 50056 40!60229 20
60300 40 60409 20 60502 20
60631 40
60711 100 60868 20(61001 20
61028 20 61008..,.. 500161138 40
61106 200 81331 20)61415 20
61464 100 61506 20 61523..:.. 100
61544 40 61668 200161813 20
61874 20 61894 40162035 40
62168 40 62224 200 62408..... 40
62491 20 62648 30 62674. .. 7. 40
62804 40 62823 40)63135 40
63140 20162221 40163500 20
83663 20:63861 20)63630 40
64037 100 64069 40,64105 20
64201 600 64206 100164200 20
64370 20)64502 20 04090 40
64753 20(64838 40(64839 20 i
64840 40164001 20164989 20 I
66001 20 65143 20(65106 20'
65240 100)65587 20165681 40
65745 20,65794 20|65874 40
06980 , 20 66123 20(66180 20 '
00285 20166005 20166763 100 .
66807 20 66834. 20(66841 20
66957 40 67019 20167049 20 '
67155 20 87236 20(67277 20
67475 40 67546 40|67742 20
68070 20 68163 20|68251 20)
68508 20 68521 100(08528 100;
68607 100 68610 40 68976 100
60005 40 60079 20(60004 20)
60234 100 6824T 20)60288 40 •
60351 20 89304..... 20160407 20 i
60573 20 80664 20)69661 20 i
No Prla*..i No. StmXMm
69667 20169672 40169726 40
698 IS 20! 69904 20it59904 40
70070 40)70123 20; 70183 40
70186 40170238 40170263 20
70296 40 70310 100 70578 20
70793 20 70797 20;7C819 40
I 70985 20 71002 20171070 20
71105 40 71155 20j71444 20
71630 20 71J36 20(71791 100
71795 100 72006 100172004 20
72063 20 72142 20172188 100
72221 500 72387 40172405 20
72500 40 72584 200172650 20
72722 40 72789 100 72880 200
72881 20 72800 20|73028 500
73133 20|73267 20173316 20
73456 20! 73468 40 73480 20
1 73614 20 73858 20|73963 20
1 ! 74042 40(74044 20 74088 20
1 74203 20i 74298..,.. 40|74435 40
1 74788 20 74831..'..: 20174863 20
* 74900 40174013 40)75012 100
I i 75042 20 75131 40175163 20
» 75222 20 75388 100)75372 40
I 75370 20)75608 20;75650 40
I 75772 20 75773 20,75787 40
1 75803 20175843 40175846 20
1 75905 40 76006 20:76062 20
i -.0306 20176372 20 76477 20
I 76487 2076499 20j76620 20
' 76545 40176698 20[70626 20
i 76759 20 76044 4011039 40
> 77100 200 77148 20 77192 4o
77206 100 77231 20,77277 20
77417 40177656 40|77578 89
77907 20177957 200|78168 40
78321 20(78360 20 78433 20
78554 100 78715 40 78721 20
78867 20|79172 20 79179 40
70188 20 70575 40 79635 20*
79639 20 70644 20 79688 20
79758 20|
APPROXIMATION FRIZES.
100 numbers from 3487 to 8687 Inclusive, be
ing 50 numbers on each aide of the number
drawing capital prise of $60,000—860.
100 numbers from 82538 to 32630, Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prise of $20.000—540.
I 100 numbers from 41114 to 41214, Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of number
drawing capital prize of $10,000 —$20.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
799 numbers ending with 37, being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $60,000—520.
799 numbers snding with 89, being ths last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
I prize of $20,000—520.
The subscribers having supervised the above
; drawing of the lottery of the Beneficencia Pub
. Ilea, hereby certify that the above is an exact
copy of the numbers which were this day
drawn from the 80,000 placed in the wheel
with the prizes corresponding to them.
Witness our hand, at the City of Mexico,
this 29th day of December, 1904.
JOSE DE LA VEGA, Treasury Department.
; U. BABSETTI, Manager.
JUAN B. CASTELJ.O, Intervener.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
Commencing with the January, 1905, draw
: Ing our tickets will be somewhat reduced In
: size and In conformity therewith the style* of
I numbers be changed accordingly. Our dates
iof drawing will also be changed from the
fourth to the last Thursday of every month.
U. BASSETTI. Pres. and Gen. Mgr. j
When a woman feels bad because she !
| has no money to spend, she comforts
; herself by going shopping.
. _ ,
\ RAILWAY TRAVEL.
| ~- '
Jc AL 1 1M
|CIiICAGO T |N 3 DAYS I
I LEAVES DAILY AT9 50A M D
Other Santa Fe Trains:
; 7:30 a. m. 1
9:30 a. m. [ For Stockton Fresno, Bakersfleld,
8:00 p. m. j Merced, Hanford and Viaalia.
4:00 p.m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices—64l Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak
land, Cal.; also 27 South Ist, San Jose.
| CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
i Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL
WEEK DATS—7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays—Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturday*—Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS—B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS—O:OS, 7:35, 7:50, 9:20, 11:16,
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 6:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays—Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS—B:OO, 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:05, 6:06. 6:25 p. m.
Leave j In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. | Oct. 2, 1894. | San Fran.
1 Week I Sun- I Destina- { Sun- | Week j
: Days. I days. I tlon. | days. | Days.
i 7:30 aj 8 .00 a I 9:10 a! 8:40 a
0:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a 1
! 3:30 pj 3 30 p 6:06 p 6:20 p |
5:10 p| 5:00 p 7:35 p| I
7:30 a \ 9:10 ai 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato, 10:40 a|10:20 a i
3:30 p 9 30 a Petaluma 6:06 p 0:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
, i 5:00 p Santa Rosa. | |
, 7:30 a 110:40 a! 10:20 a
8.00 a Fultcn. 7:36 p 6:20 p
! 3:30 p 3:30 p
| Windsor, I
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg, 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
! 3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle, 7:35 p! 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
! !
7:30 a| 8:00 a! Hopland !10.4f0 a|10:20 a
; 3:80 p| 3:30 p| andUkiah. f7:35p|6:20p
i ' j j Willits and j j
! 7:30 a| 8:00 a| Sherwood. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
! 87oOaj • ~~ !
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guerneville. [ 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:88*1 8:00 a! Sonoma. j 9:10 aj 8:40 a
5:10 pj 5:00 pj Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pj 6:20 p
7:89*1 8:09 s! ji0740 aUO:2O a
3:3op| 3:30 pi Sebastopol. [ 7:35 pj 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur }
Springs anu Mark West Springs; at Lytton fcr
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone- !
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan :
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls- i
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport, Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; at |
Uklah for' Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, j
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake; Witter Springs, !
Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's,
Riverside, Llerly'j, Bucknell's, Sanhedrln \
Heights, Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs, Halfway ,
House, Comptche. Hcpkins, Mendocino City, i
Fort Bragg, Westport and Usal; at Willits for !
Fort Btagg, Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood 1
for Cahto, Covelo, Laytonvllle, Cummlngs, !
Bell's Sorlngs. Harris, Hubbard, Frultland.
Dyer, Ga'rbervllle, Camp 5, Pepperwood, Scotia !
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re
duced rates.
On Sunday—Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen Pass Agt.
CAZADERO, Etc.
Vis, Sauaalito Terry
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE. )
Depart from San Frenciaco. daily, at t7:06 ;
7-45 8:25. 9:10, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 12:20. 1:45
3:15* 4:36, 6:15. 6:50. 6:30, 7:15. 10:15 and )
11:35 p. m.
Arrive at San Franciaco dally, at t6:40. ,
7:36. 8:15, 8:50, 9:35, 10:50 a. m.; 12:10, 1:30 '
2:56, 4:26, 5:06, 5:42, 6:22, 6:57. 7:40 and 11:23
p. m.
tDaily except Sunday.
For Fairfax daily, at 7:45 a. m.; also Satur
days at 3:15 p. m., and dally except Saturday
and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally—Cazadero and way atatlona.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays only—For Cazadero,
etc.
5:15 p. m. dally, except Saturday and Sun
day, for Tomales, etc.
TICKET OFFICE^—6SO Market st.
FERRY —Union Depot, foot of Market at
Mt, Tarn alpais Rai lw ay
"It. San rraaciate a>. §m ftaaattte
%k. Bajs fcjxUjs JB Sundays iWk D»t7
- S:Bsaß H l:30p j *10:50 A
0:5Oa Teg UW 2:85 pl 2:55r
l:4Srl Br 0:29r t^«si*9'*s>
Batar4aT» 4:35r tiunlsv* ll:12p
'Tla Grarity Oar T It taataipais U> Kill Toil**
tICUT 1 660 M ARKjrr ST.,(Ncrth Shore Railroad)
6JfIOB ) sad Sausauto Fbsay, Foot Market St,
•'NACiONAL COMPANY.
»
> ! CITY OP MEXICO, DECEMBE3 31ST,
> 1904.
) 28 51200.00' 4263.... $2.0', : 7.1(2 12.60
> 11!* ... 7.50! 4478 2.0< .557 2.5 M
>' 155 ... 75.00 4520 2.30j 7573 2.50
>| 191 ... 750 4550 2.50: '.850 2.30.
>| 201 ... 7.501 4740.... 2.30 7567.... 2.50
>• 268 ... 7.5 a 474!*. . 150.00 7870 2.50
> I 277 ... 7.501 4816 8.89 9988 2.50
>! 552 . .300.00 4897 2.501 8467 2.69
> 616 ... 7.50 l 4002 2.351 M 72 2.5 M
> 665 ... T.Bo| 4038 250! 8611 26.00
>! 838 ... 7.50 .'.087.... 2.50 8057.... 7.50
->' 916 ... 7.50 6189 2.50 i 8728 2.50
M 924 ... 7.50| 6388 2.50 8815 2.69
> 962 ... 5.00 5450 2.5Y 9127 5.09
>l 1110 ... S.OOI 5513.... 250 0172.,... 2.5,1
> 1133 ... 7.50 5715 250 0587 2.50
1 1268 ... 6.(>- 5747 2.50 !»027 2.50
» 1522 ... 5.001 5757 2.50 i 9636 2.50
» 1«08 ... 5.0O! 5837 2.50! 9867 2.50
1025 ... 2.50! 6042 2.50' 992S 2.5rt
►| 1843 ... 6.0o! 6222 2.50 Da Oft 2.50
' I 1980 ... 5.001 6300 2.50 1(1672 2.5rt
' 2256 ... 5.00 6838 2.60!10688 2.50
' 2330 ... 8.0o! (5379 2.50 10733 2.50
' | 2655 ... 6.001 6539 2.50il081» 250
' ; 2739 ... 5.001 6719 BSOIIOB4O 2.50
'I 2798 ... 5.(Mi 0721 26011805 2.50
1 I 3129 ... 2.5016742 250 11435 2.50
1 I 3213 ... 2.50 ! 6820 2.50111450 2.50
3214 ... 2.50! 6860 2.5011515 2.50
: *3332 ... 2.5016943... 28011529 2.50
... 889(6888 2.50 11631 2.89
' 3378 ... 2501 7102. .. 2.50 11755 250
3950 ... 2 5o ! 7258 250,11758.... 250
4028 ... 76.00! 7265.... 25.00j11576 2.50
4162 ... 889) 7332 2.5011028 2.50
TERM!XAIi PRIZES.
120 numbers ending; with 28, l*lng the two
last figures of the number drawing th* Capi
tal Prise of 21200.00. $1.00.
120 numbers ending with 52 being the twa
last figures of the number drawing tha Capi
j tal Prize of $300.00. $1.00.
NOTlCE—Commencing with the drawing ef
January 7, 1905, Approximation Prizee will ha
paid on the first three capital numbers aa fol
lows :
10 numbers on each side of the first cap**
j tal prize of $1300.00, $2.00.
I 10 numbers on each aide of ths second cap*-
I tal prize of 1300.00. $1.50.
10 numbers on each side of tha third eerpt-
I tal prise of $150.00, $1.00.
The above prizes are based on 69 eeat
! tickets.
| 25 cent tickets entitle holder to one-naif
; such prize.
The Beneficencia R. G. Company.
OP SAN FRANCISCO, Organized May, 1808.
TO THE PUBLIC! '. BEWARE OF COTrff*
TERFEITS!! All genuine tlcketa of this
company have Initials "R. O. Co." on faces
and monogram "R. G. C." on backs thereof.
Following are the capital prizes aa deolde*
by the Beneficencia Publica Co.. Thursday*
December 29. 1904: No. 3637 wins $7500, sold
,In San Francisco, Cal.; No. 32588 wins $2500.
i sold In San Francisco, Cal.; No. 41164 wins
j $1250. sold In San Francisco, Cal.; Noa. 15362,
33439. 37681, 49326, 59639 each win $126 09,
l sold in San Francisco, Cal.
j The R. G. Company paid to Theodore Berth,
I 1176 Bellevue avenue. Los Angeles, Cal,
; $7500 00 for whole ticket No. 73202, drawing
I December 17, 1904; to Chin Gin. 834 Washing
ton street. San Francisco, Cal.. $1000 00 for
one-half ticket No. 90214, drawing December
17, 1904: to Victor Lenden, 6 Howard atreet,
San Francisco. Cal., $1000 00 for whole tiokst
No. 63047. drawing December 17, 1904. •
A company has recently been organ
ized at Rendsburg, Prussia, for the pur
pose of distilling* alcohol from peat. The
company is now building a distillery
which it hopes to be able to put in oper
ation some during this month. Accord
ing to process, the company will be
able to distill alcohsl cheaper from peat
than it can be obtained from other sub
stances, and will, therefore, be able to
sell its product for fuel purposes.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
y^~ff M S. TrasiM leove aaS sure Tse
/X<<rTr>TX to arrl ye at
(rr-*7£%-A-,\ SAN FRANCISCO*
; \Q~~]E==l!r~/bJ "**©Bf Ootosss 28 IStt
Fssht Dew
\jS (Toot of Market Street »
L.A-E - MAIN LINE. -AKBtT*
7 00a v'acavllle. Winters, Kumsey 7.60s
7 00a Benic.la, Elmira and Sacramento . 72Up
7 30a Vallejo, Napa, Callstoga, SaaU
Rota, Martinez. San l'.nmou 6.20 a
7 30* Nlies.Tra'-y. Latbrop, Stockton.... 7 2Q»
8 00a Shasta Express— <Vis Davis).
Williams. Willows, tKruto. Had
Bluff. Portland. Tacoma, Seattle 7.60s
6 00a Davit. Woodland, Knlgiiu JLaudlog.
Varysvllle. Orovllle 7.50s
8-30 a Martinez. Antloch Byron. Tracy.
Btoc>ctori, Newman, Los Banoe.
Mend„ta. Armona, Hanford.
Vlaallk. "ortervllle 4.205>
8 30a Port Costa, Modesto, Merced.
Fresco, Go. tic n Junction, Han
ford. Vlialta, Bakersfleld 4.60s
8 30a Nllcs, San Jose, Llvermore, Stock
ton, (tMlltoB), lone. Sacramento.
AlarysTllle. Chlco. Bed Bluff .... 4 20»
8 30a Oakdale. Chinese, Jamestown, So
mora. Tuolumue and A ngel* 4.20s
2 00a Atlantic Rxpress~o«denand East. 6 20s
8 30a Richmond, Martinez and Way
Btatloaa 6-50*
10 00a The Overland Limited—«»gden.
Oaaaha. Chicago, Beaver, Kansas
. _ City, St. Louis 6 20s
10.00 a Vallejo..., 12.209
10.00 a Loa Angeles Passenger — Port
Coata, Martinez, Byroa, Tracy,
Latbrop. Stockton, Merced,
Baymoud. Fresno. Goshen Juno
tton, Hanford, Lemoore, Vlaalta.
Bakersfleld. J.oa Angeles 7.20*
12-OOm Hayward. Ntlca and Way Stations. 3 20s
Tl-OOP Sacramento River Steamer* ttl.3o*
i-iOF Beol' lr.. Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knlghta Landing,
Marrsvllle, Orovllle and way
stations 1050s
IMP Hay ward. Nllea and Way Stations.. 7.609
IHp Port Costs, Martinez, Byron-Tracy,
Lothrop. Stockton, Modesto,
Merced, Berenda, Fresno and
Way Stations beyoud Port, Costa 12-20*>
4 80s Martinez, San Kamon. VaileJo.Nape.
Callstoca, Santa Ruse. 8 20*
4 00s Nllea, Tracy, Stockton 10 20a
4MP Bay ward. Nile*, lnrisgtea. Seal tS-BOs
, Jose LI Term ore 1*11.60*
foo* The Owl Limited—Newman, Los
Banoi. Mendota, Fresne, Tulare,
Bakerefleld. Lo* Ansel c* .. o.Bo*
If 30p Hayward. NUes and ban Jose ...» 7.20*
800p Hayward. Nllea and San Joae eV6BS>
OOOp Eastern Expreat -Omaha, Chicago.
Denver. kans** City, St. Loula,
Marlines, Stockton. Sacramento,
Colfax, Reno, Sparks. MonteUsx
mmm Ogdee ¥2.80*
|-!K P J» lle J°. amir, except Sunday....l \ZL\Z
7Oop Vallejo, Sunday only . ., ( MeTst
7OOP Klchinoi!'!. San Pablo. Port Costs,
mmmt Martlnes and Way Statioa* 11.20*
TJNIPBeno Passenger—Port Coats, Be
alcla, Sulaon, Elmira, Dixon.
Darls, Sacramento, Sparks. Toe*'
mmm pah, Keeier and W»jr stations... 7.50*
%06s Oregon * California Express—See
rameuto. Marysvllle, Bedding,
. -forUaod, Puget Sound and Eaat. 880*
J.I o#> Bay ward, Nile* and Sea Joae (Sub
<!ay only) \\ sew
COAST LIN~E (Ifarrow «aage).
(Foot of Murket Street.)
0- 18* Newark. Centervllie, Ban Joes, " ~
Feiroß, Boulder Creek, Basts
„ ..C™ "I "Way Statlor* 088*
IZ-16P Newark. Centervllie, Sas Joae,
New Almaden, Los Gato*.FettOS.
Boulder Creek, Santa Crus asid
Principal Way Stations tlO-SSa
4.16P Newark, San Joae, Loa Gatoe... i ***
48 30P Hunters' Train (Saturday enly>—
mm | San Jose and Way Stations t7-25s
COAST LINE _- <Broad Ha«« 0 ). *
Br (1 nlrd and Townaend Street*.)
"f-IOA San Jose and Way Station*..'. QB
7 00a Sari Joae and Wny Stations g An m
• COa New Almaden (Tues.. Frld„ only). A \a»
o.ooa The Coaster—San Joae. Salinas,
Ban Ardo, Paso Koblea. B*nts
stargarlta, San Luis Oblspe,
Ouadaiupe, Gaviota, Santa Bar
bara, San BuenaTeutura, Mon
te! vo, Oxnard, Bur bank, Lee
Angeles .... in ffw
890 a Gilroy, Holllstcr, CastroTllle, Del
Monte. Pacific Grove, Surf, Lom
poc 1C 30p
6.COa b*n Jose Tres Pmos.Watsonvilie,
Capltola. Santa Cruz, Paclne
Grove. Ballnns. San Luis Obispo
.... *Ed Prlnclp*; Way Station*. ... 4.10*>
10 30a Sao Jose and Way Statlona 1 20»
11 4Ca San Jose aud W»y Stations > 7 in,
II6P S«u Jose and Way Station* a mml
.COP Del Moot* Kxpreaa—Santa Clare,
ban Jose, WatsonriiiC. Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grove , 7
18-OOp Loa Gato*. Wrlitr.t. Boulder Creejcl
Santa Cruz, ria Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge tin aa.
1- SOp Valencia St.. South San sVanelec©; I,u '*°*
Burllngame, Sas Jose, Gilroy.
Holllstcr. Tre* Pino* in«»
4 30p Bee Jose and Way Station*..le oo*
ISOOp Saata Clara. j-«d Joae. Los Gates T<, Uu *
and prlaclrtal Way Buttons (ex
cept Sundry) .« rtft
t.3op t*bJo.eandl'rlnclpsiW*y'suii o 'ai {S'SS*
48p buust-t Express.—Redwood. Sob
Joae.Gilroy.Sallriaa.pnao Koblea.
San Luis Obispo, Suntn K.irbara,
Los Angeles. I>emlng. X] P*»o
. „ t*t.Loul«, New Orleans. If ewYork sin.
6.46pPaj*ro. WstSOarUls. Capitol*, B ' , °*
eanu Crni. Castrovllle. Del
- Monte. Pacific (irove 1n , n
10-18P *«Mal*o,Ber.'»ford.Belniout.Ban UaW
Carlos. KedwcKxl. Fair Oaks
, „ „ Menlo Park. I'alo Alto tR la .
f s»pB«n Jo»e and Way Suut , u * Tl?*
• H2 P Alto and Way StaUons " Sj
11 .oop Soulh BanPranclsco. Milll.rae. BuK ,v ' ,& *
Saa Mate... ilelmotit.
fcau Carlos, Uedwood. Fnfr Oaks
Memo P*rk. and Palo Alio. «si*k
■11e»PM-yt eld. Mountain VlewT BSSSS> W 45 "
vale, Lawreuoe. Sauta Clara and
Ban Juo« ,
A for Mom. Ug. p for A fternseeL~~~*
1 Sonday excepted i Sunday oblf
< satntday only b Monday wL.
isibs* st aU atatlott* on SundayYOUNG THOROUGHBREDS TO START AT OAKLAND FOR FIRST TIME
CLAUDE WILL PICK
UP A HEAVY IMPOST
MUCH INTEREST IN BIG RACE TO-DAY
\ockaway Makes His First Appearance
Kindergarten Event At
tracts a Dozen
Starters.
. ■ A fine card is offered at the Oakland
'. track to-day, including the New Year
.... handicap and a race for youngsters
• which have just budded into their two
•year-old form.
A select field is named to start in the
"handicap, which will have a value of
About $3000. It is at a mile and a fur
• long, for three-year-olds and upward.
. '-Claude is asked to carry 132 pounds.
The frequent Derby and handicap win
. .ner is a good weight packer and will be
•the public favorite, although he has a
heavy Impost. Military Man, Gold
■ Money and Bombardier are other
prominent candidates.
The two-year-old race will attract
much attention, and there is consider
., able rivalry among owners to send the
• winner to the post.
• •.. For the accommodation of returning
•. racegoers a special boat will be run to
day.
A good programme has been arranged
for the remainder of the week. On
Wednesday there will be a $1000 handi
, cap at one mile and seventy yards, and
on Saturday the Follansbee handicap,
; at seven furlongs, with $2000 added, will
- be the feature.
LONELY OLD MAN WANTS
AN HEIR FOR HIS FORTUNE
Bostonian Looking for Relative to
Whom He Can Leave
$100,000 in Cash.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. I.—A fortune
* of $100,000 Is awaiting some one who
answers to the name of Annis and can
authentically trace his or her lineage
to the same family tree as that of a
» Ivil War veteran named Joseph Annis
of Boston, who is now here.
. Annis says he has deposited $100,000
in a brink in Boston which he is
anxious to turn over to his kindred if
he can discover that any exist. At the
age of 75 years he is going from place
to place seeking tidings of any who
can satisfy him that they are of his
blood.
Since coming to California a few
. weeks ago he has distributed more than
SOOO cards bearing his name. This he
does in the hope that one may fall Into
the hands of some member of his lost
' tribe. He is going to San Francisco.
AGED COUPLE'S ROOMS
FOUND FULL OF LOOT
Woman of Seventy and Man of Eighty
✓ Surpass All Records
for Theft.
NEV YORK. Jan. I.—Through the
arrest of Mrs. Hannah Robinson, a 70
--year-old woman, on the charge of
burglary, and of her husband, Thomas
Robinson, who is 81 years old, the
police believe they have uncovered
one of the greatest cases of systematic
robbery in the history of the depart
• ment. When the apartments of the
couple were searched this afternoon,
packages from every department .store
from Fourteenth street to Harlem
. were found, filling four rooms to a
height of a man's shoulders. What
the value of the goods is cannot be
estimated even roughly, so much is
there in the apartments.
DOCTOR KILLS HIMSELF
AFTER RUINING HEALTH
. Hafl Become a Physical Wreck by
Taking Drugs in His
Experiments.
. • PHILADELPHIA, Jan. I.—Made a
.physical wreck by experimenting on
himself with the drugs he used In his
practice as a specialist, Dr. Frederick
Griffin, 49 years old, committed sui
. r ide to-night by inhaling illuminating
° gas. Despondency over his condition
• . .is supposed to have caused Dr. Griffin
to kill himself.
Morocco to Yield to France.
"... TANGIER, Morocco, Jan. I.—lt is
"said that the Sultan will yield all the
° points at issue with France.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Heat your
office at
once
This weather causes pneu
monia, grippe, colds, etc. If
. your stenographer, book
keeper or clerk gets sick, lays
off for one day, it loses more
money for you than a dozen
heaters cost. Then, too, how
about yourself? Isn't your
own health of some value ?
X We can warm any office,
store or house quickly
and economically with
GAS
• -Phone Exchange 8 for
our expert. Don't wait
to write. Quick action
• our style.
iw GAS CoMpm
415 Post. St*.
HORSBS WHICH
FIGURE TO WIN
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAXD.
First race—Alta G., Emma Hen bold.
Hv.lford.
Second race—Sir Wilfred, Daruma,
Chief Wittman.
Third race—Judge, Rowcna, Cap
tain Forsee.
Fourth race—Claude, Jennings'
stable, Ananias.
Fifth race—Sol Lichtenstein, The
Lieutenant. Dora I.
Sixth race—Hooligan. Big Beach,
A. Muskoday.
* *
Rich Handicap Is the
Feature Event at
Oakland Track.
The New Year's handicap will be the
feature event of the card at Oakland
track to-day. The complete entries fol
low: '. , •
First race. Futurity course, four-year-olds
and up, selling:
7<>4l Al Waddle (Jones) 103
7571 'Vulcain (Ezell) IC2
7622 'Inspector Munro (Fox) 103
7642 J. H. Bennett (Romigh) 104
7637 •Contestant (Neil) 99
Carter H. Harrison Jr. (Burns) 104
7426 Florinel II (Hoag) 104
7641 Reubold (Appleby & Co.) 97
7631 *Rene (Lamasney Bros.) 97
7631 Alta G (Hertzell) 102
7tL»7 'Gtorgie Black (Hanson) 93
7619 Hulford (Stover) 100
Second race, three furlongs, two-year-olds,
purse:
Arodon (Bianchi & Co.) 11l
Figaro-Guidon.
F. W. Barr (Stanfleld & Ellis) 114
Kismet-Jennie K.
Daruma (Napa Stock Farm) 11l
Solitaire-GeorKla VI.
.... Arestallatot- (Summers & Co.) 114
Installator-Arethusa.
Chief Wlttman (Ferguson) 114
Rubicon-Anita B.
.... Bellona (Macdonoughj 11l
Beau Ormonde-Spinach.
Sir Wilfred (Cameron) 114
Oseary-Plumeria.
Key Route (Blaatngame) 11l
Wernberg-Cadenza.
.... Tolo Girl (Lagoria & Forbes) 11l
Portland-Charm.
I'm Joe (Schwartz) 114
Joe Terry-Puss.
Sis Hopkins (Harris & Co.) 11l
Lelber Karl-Margaret A.
Abe Meyer (Stover) 11l
Tyrant-Location.
Third race—Six furlongs, four-year-olds;
purse:
7656 Judge (McAlester) 108
7645 Rector (Cora Eckert) 102
7646 F. E. Shaw (Bianchi & Co.) 103
7625 Kowena (GayTord & Co.) 100
7G25 Captain Forsee (New England Stable). 105
7636 Ishlana (Ryan) 103
Fourth race—One and an eighth miles, three
yesr-olds and up. New Tear's handicap, $2000
added:
7626 Leila (Clark) 105
7f!2»i Military Man (Ferguson) 105
7640 Ananias (Schorr) 108
7626 Gold Money (Jennings) 108
5X25 Rockaway (Jennings) 114
(762«) Claude (Daly) 182
7626 Bombardier (Skinner) 105
Fifth race—Seven furlongs, four-year-olds
and up, selling:
7041 Haven Run (Harris) 08
7664 Revolt (Gilbert) 107
7642 Sol Lichtensteln (Madison) 108
7643 'Batldor (Fine) 96
7633 *Flaneur (Murray) 104
(7615)»D0ra I (Ryan) 102
7605 •Trapsetter (Ezell) 06
7648 Brennus (Judge) 109
7615 The Lieutenant (Stover) 101
7615 The Fretter (O'Rourke) 112
6077 Bill Maeals (McAlester) 101
Sixth race—One mile and fifty yards, three
year-olds, purse:
7628 Hooligan (Fountain) 107
7651 Downpatrick (K. Ryan) ~106
7644 Big Beach (Wilson) 106
7658 A Muskoday (Dodge) 110
7639 Ferryman (Daly) 100
7628 Lady Goodrich (Applegate) 105
7628 Ara (Stevens) 114
•Apprentice allowance.
William Norrington Dies.
William Norrington, an observer of
the Weather Bureau for the last
eighteen years, died at his residence
in Belmont last Saturday. Mr. Nor
rington had been in the signal service
and Weather Bureau for nearly thir
ty years. He was a faithful and earn
est worker and was highly respected
by those who knew him. During his
eight years of service in San Francis
co Mr. Norrington- was never absent
from his Dost until the day preceding
his death Funeral services will be
held in Belmont to-morrow.
Wagon Collides With Car.
F. A. Whiteside of 81S4& Mission
street, a driver for the Union Transfer
Company, was treated at the Emer
gency Hospital last evening for In
juries sustained in a collision of his
wagon with a Third-street electric car.
Whiteside was thrown from his seat
and dragged by his frightened horse
for some distance along Market street.
,He was cut about the face and hands
and may be injured internally.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
SATS HUSBAND CUT HER.—Annie Lane
nat treated at the Central Emergency Hospital
last night for a bad cut on the nose. The
point of the member was almoet severed. She
said that her husband cut her during a fight
in their home at 1126 Howard street.
CELEBRANTS AND OTHERS ARRESTED.
During the twenty-four hours from 8 a. m.
Saturday until 8 a. m. yesterday 220 arrests
were registered at the City Prison. About
one-half the number had been celebrating the
advent of the new year and were glad to be
released yesterday morning. Two-thirds of the
arrests were made between midnight and 8
o'clock yesterday morning.
CHINESE CHAROED WITH ROBBERY.—
Ah Ying, 38 Spofford alley, was arrested early
yesterday morning on complaint of Chlnn Ock
on a charge of robbery. Chirm Ock reported
that Ah Ying assaulted him with a revolver
and robbed him of $80 In his room. He said
he had witnesses who would corroborate him.
Ah Ying said he and Chirm Ock quarreled.
He struck Chirm Ock on the head with an
opium pipe, but denied taking any money
from him. The room was searched, but Bo
trace of coin or revolver could be found.
ROOM BURGLAR CAPTURED —When H.
Hasford entered his room at 737 Mission street
yesterday afternoon he was surprised to find
a man searching his trunk for valuables. On
questioning the intruder as to what he was do
ing ho received an unsatisfactory answer,
which caused him to summon an officer, who
placed the Intruder under arrest. When taken
to the Southern Police Station he gave the
name of Edward Morrison. A charge of bur
glary was registered against his name. In his
possession a razor and other articles belonging
to Hasford were found and identified.
Diaz Receives Guests.
CITT OF MEXICO. Jan. I.—Presi
dent Diaz held his annual New Year's
reception at the national palace to
day. American Embassador Clayton,
as dean of the diplomatic corps, made
a brief speech of felicitation.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 2. 1905.
BEDS OUTPLAY
WHITE POLOISTS
Exciting* Game Is Witnessed
by a Large Gallery on
Charles W. Clark's Field
ONE GOAL FOR LOSERS
Cyril Tobin Saves His Team
From Being Whitewashed
by a Clever Maneuver
SAN MATEO, Jan. I.—The Reds de
feated the whites on C. W. Clark's polo
field to-day by a score of 10 to L The
solitary goal made by the Whites was
scored by Cyril Tobin on a clever play.
He had the ball going toward the goal
when he lost his mallet. Dismounting
he recovered it and regained the ball,
which he sent between the postß in a
running drive. There were ten players
in the game, alternating with the regu
lation four on a side.
Those carrying the whUe colors wers
F. J. Carolan, R. M. Tobin, F. J.
Mackey, Cyril To! in and George P.
Messervy.
Reds—W. 8. Hobart, C. W. Clark,
John Lawson, J. O. Tobin Jr. and Paul
Clagstone.
Messrs. Carolan, Clagstone and Mes
servy were in the game for the first
time this season. Clagstone did par
ticularly clever work, as did Hobart
and Lawson. The sensation of the
match was furnished by Lawson in
one of the most brilliant plays ever
seen here. Mackey sent the ball true
to the White's goal, when Lawson
overtook it a yard or two from the
line and sent it back. Wheeling his
horse quickly h» outraced all the oth
ers, regaii. .d posession of the ball and
carried it across the field, making the
goal amid great applause. »
Many fashionable people witnessed
the game.
CRACK PONIES WILL RACE.
Sensational Sport Promised To-Day on
Clark Track at San Mateo.
Large fields promise sensational rac
ing at San Mateo to-day under the
auspices of the California Polo and
Pony Racing Association. C. W. Clark's
private track will be the scene of the
sport. While it will not be fast owing
to the recent rain, it will be a safe one.
The most promising races on the card
are the quarter-mile and the cham
pion stakes, at six furlongs. In the
former Rudolph Spreckels' great mare
Becky, which will be piloted by Frank
Skinner, will meet W. S. Hobart's Sil
ver Dick. Charley Dunphy will wear
the Hobart colors and will ride either
Silver Dick or Marigold. Francis J.
Carolan will sport his own "light blue
and white" on Princess Flavla in this
race. C. W. Clark's copper colors will
be carried by the diminutive bay mare
Silver Queen, which will be ridden by
Whitney.
The champion stakes attracted the
best of the distance ponies. The talent
picks C. W. Clark's clever pony Bas
Blancs. which will be ridden by Cole
man, to beat Fusillade. Charlie Dunphy
will have the leg up on Honama and
will take some beating.
R M. Tobin has purchased the good
race mare Ethel G, by Beaconsfield.
She has won many races and has also
taken blue ribbons in the show ring.
She will be a welcome addition to the
racing brigade, as her forte is at a mile.
Three new ponies were measured yes
terday and all qualified. One is a four
year-old owned by F. J. Carolan and
sired by Fusillade.
C. W. Clark's string of ponies have
been in the hands of Trainer Stanfield,
and they all look fit to race.
The officials to-day will be: Stewards,
Major J. L. Rathbone, H. T. Scott and
F. T. Underhill; presiding Judge, W.
D. Randall; starter, R. J. Havey; clerk
of the scales, D. W. Donnelly; time
keeper, E. G. Hanson; clerk of the
course and handicapper, Robert Leigh
ton.
The majority of the spectators from
this city will go down by the electric
cars, which land their passengers with
in easy reach of the racetrack at San
Mateo.
SENATE WILL CONSIDER
THE STATEHOOD BILL
Will Be the First Order of Business
When the Session Is
Resumed.
WASHINGTON, Jan. I.—lt is ex
pected that not more than three days
of the present week will be devoted
to legislation by the Senate. Congress
will assemble after the holiday recess
on Wednesday, January 4, and the
present intention is that the Senate
adjourn on Friday until Monday.
The first day there will be a con
test over the bill creating two States
of Oklahoma and Indian Territory
and Arizona and New Mexico and the
pure food bill. It Is generally under
stood that the statehood bill, having
the sanction of the steering commit
tee, will be made the unfinished busi
ness.
The legislative, executive and judi
cial bill, which has been before the
committee during the recess, will be
completed during the week.
Before adjourning for the holidays
the House of Representatives made
the Hill currency bill the continuing
order until clsposed of by a vote or
displaced by a privileged matter.
Another effort may be made to se
cure consideration of the resolution
allowing the use of the pension of
fice for the inaugural ball, but objec
tions are likely and the resolution in
all probability will go over unt'l the
following Monday.
QUENTIN ROOSEVELT HAS
SMASH UP WITH HIS GOAT
Animal Leaps Down Steps, Dragging
the Wagon and the Presi
dent's Son.
WASHINGTON, Jan. I.—Quentin
Roosevelt is now satisfied with his
Christmas goat. The President's young
est son took his first drive behind the
j goat this afternoon. The butler, the
I White House policeman and others
were present at the start, but they
could not keep up with the procession.
The goat headed from the south por
tico of the White House toward the ex
ecutive offices, and put in his best licks.
• The boy was delighted, but the goat
had not been trained to avoid preci
pices when tied to a wagon. He did not
turn into the drive, but made a leap
down the steps leading to the execu
tive avenue between the White House
grounds and the State, War and Navy
buildings. The goat, wagon and boy
landed in the street at the bottom of
the steps in a general mixup.
The policeman, the butler and a dozen
tourists rushed to the rescue. Quentin
scrambled to his feet and inquired if
the goat had been hurt. He paid no at
tention to the scratch across his own
face. He likes that goat.
COLLIER SUCCUMBS TO NOURSE ON
THE TENNIS COURTS
THE WINNER WILL MEET JANES
Rolfe and Schmidt Take Part
In the Longest Match of the Day
The annual class singles tennla tour
nament was started yesterday on the
California Club courts. Play was com
pleted down to the finals in the first
three classes and to the semi-finals in
the fourth class.
In the first class George Janes and
B. F. Nourse qualified for the finals.
The surprise of the day was the defeat
of W. B. Collier at the hands of Nourse.
The latter was beaten twice by Collier
in the continuous tournament and the
latter was expected to win quite hand
ily. Nourse put up his usual steady
game and won two straight sets. A
scarcity of the regulation ball made It
necessary to use another kind. Collier
attributes his defeat to this fact. There
is probably some merit in his claim,
although Nourse was as unused to the
balls as his opponent.
George Janes and Carl Gardner put
up a good exhibition. Gardner looked
to have Janes beaten when he won the
first set easily and led at 3-1 and van
tage. The pace told on him while
Janes, as usual, finished strongly and
just nosed his opponent out.
Harry Rolfe and Herbert Schmidt
figured in the longest match of the
day. Rolfe won the first set easily but
the work seemed to do Schmidt good.
He took the next set 9-7 but lost the
third by a 10-8 score. Schmidt is out
of practice. At his best he is probably
the best player In the class.
Rolfe's match with Schmidt left him
tired out and Janes beat him In
straight sets. Rolfe made a good bid
in the first set but could not quite win
it. He lost heart after this and Janes
took the second set easily.
In the second class both Ray Cornell
and Ray Splivalo defaulted. With these
two men out of it Melville Long looks
a sure winner. He beat Alexander
Beyfuss easily and also disposed of
OLYMPIANS DIP
IN THE OCEAN
Sturdy Athletes Walk Across
Country and Then Disport
in Waters of the Pacific
The sturdy athletes of the Olympic
Club, headed by the ever youthful
president. William Greer Harrison, en
joyed an exhilarating New Tear's day
tramp across country yesterday, fol
lowed by a dip in the waters of the
Pacific.
They went by eleotrte car from the
Post-street clubhouse to Seventh ave
nue and H street, near the Park. Their
route then led them out past the Alms
house, over the former Dewey boule
vard to Ingleslde and thence down the
Ingleside road to the beach.
The first stop was made at a club
house on the Ocean boulevard, where
the road clothes were exchanged for
swimming suits. A dash was then
made for the water, as there was
sharpness in the air. After a run on
the firm sand of the beach to set the
blood in circulation the road clothes
were again donned.
Luncheon was served at the Mlra
mar, where the astonishing appetites
of the clubmen were satisfied. In the
party were:
William Greer Harrison, Captain Max Ro
senfeld, Charles Jenkins, A. Fuhrman. E. J.
Anstett, L. Kullman. C. B. Reardan. J. W.
Stapleton, C A. Kemschel, A. Klelnhaus, J.
H. Jordan, E. M. Stack, Henry Btern, Lea
Ingrlis, Retnl A. Cloutler, Paul de Los, G. Ly
ons, William Martin, Dr. Morton, R. Gibbons.
G. O. Griffin, Edwin Goeller, A. Taylor, F.
W. Hollman, James P. Booth, Arthur H. C.
Mau. L. H. Clan, George S. McComb, R. H.
Schueter, G. Larmann, A. H. Bullion, S. B.
Settle Thomas P. Bacon, J. L. MeCarty, L.
F. Kelly and Clarence V. Clough.
UNION PARR COURSING.
Special Holiday Stake, Forty-eight En
tries, to Be Decided To-Day.
A special holiday stake with forty
eight entries will be run to-day at
Union Coursing Park. The first brace
of greyhounds will go to the slips up
on the arrival of the 10:15 o'clock
train. The draw, which was held yes
terday, resulted as follows:
Bob R vs. Dorothy M; Kallspel vs. Charter
Member; Sherman vs. Jigamaroo; Muggsy vs.
Romping Girl; Mlmlco vs. Liberator; Stlnga
re« vs. Checkers; Daisy Rocket vs. Kittleman;
Texas Jill vs. Duncan; Aeolus vs. Reckless
Rose; Frisky Boy vs. Texas Hoo Hoo; The
Sheriff vs. Quicksand; Renegade Apache vs.
Anna Ryne; Rapid Water vs. Lucy Glitters;
Mellinwood vs. May Tunison; Belle Marie vs.
Little Mercy; Red Butterfly vs. Story's Sis
ter; Yellowstone vs. Siroc; Sylvester vs. Bel
fast; Northern Alarm vs. Graceful; Ina Cls
sus vs. Irma Hotfoot; Foxhunter vs. Cranberry
Sauce; Rocked Asleep vs. Texas Mamie; Mc-
Henry vs. Sunnybrook; lone Hill vs. Presto.
Golfers Busy on the Links.
The annual contest for the Liver
pool gold medal, which carries with it
the medal play championship of the
San Francisco Golf and Country Club,
will be held to-day on the Presidio
course, the score for the first eighteen
holes being taken. There will also be
a handicap over thirty-six holes, prizes
being offered for the best gross and
net scores.
.On the links of the San Rafael Golf
Club to-day mixed foursomes will be
held, if a sufficient number of ladies
appear. If this Is not the case, a han
dicap for men will take place.
Olympic Club Handball.
The handball tournament is draw
ing to a close at the Olympic Club.
Three games were played yesterday
afternoon. Kruger defeated C. Carr
in the second-class in two straight
games. Scores: 21—20, 21—18. F.
Farren beat Fritz Wegner, 21—19, 21
—14; L. Brandon beat Dr. Sterns, 21
—11, 21—2. On Friday night Hugo
Poheim surprised the spectators by
trimming Louis Levy, 21—20. B—2l,
21—14.
Association Football Matches.
On the ground at Idora Park, Oak
land, to-day, the Oakland Hornets will
play a friendly match of association
football against a team of British ap
prentices made up by the Rev. S. H.
Wingfield-Digby,»chaplain of the Sea
men's Institute of this city. The ball
will be kicked off at 2:30 p. m.
The Vampires will play a match
against the Pickwick team on the
cricket ground at Webster street, Ala
meda, beginning at 2:30 p. m.
George Cutter without any trouble.
Jones reached the finals without play
ing a match.
Moullen Warner and Albert Kenyon
played two sets in the finals of the
third class. The score stood 6-4, 5-7
when darkness put a stop to play. The
match will be completed to-day. Ken
yon reached the finals without playing
a match.
Tho fourth class is much larger than
the rest and for that reason less of it
was run off. Bradley Wallace, Ed
Bacon, W. G. Knowlton and R. B. Dag
gett gained places in the semi-finals.
By far the closest match in this class
was the one between Murphy and Dag
gett. In the third set Daggett led at
5-2, but Murphy put up a good up
hill game and evened up the score.
Daggett finally won 8-6. The remain
ing matches will be played to-day. The
scores follow:
First class—TV. B. Collier beat G. H. Busch
by default; B. F. Nourse beat A. Chesebrough,
6-2, A-3; George Janes beat Carl Gardner, 3-6,
6-2, «-4; Harry Rolfe beat Herbert Schmidt.
6-2. 7-9, 10-8. Second round —Nourse beat
Collier, 6-4. 6-4; James beat Rolfe, 7-5, 6-2.
Second class—M. Long beat A_ Beyfuss, 6-2,
6-3; Long beat (J. Cutter, 6-2, 6-3; P. Jones
won from R. Cornell' by default.
Third class—Dr. Lovegrove beat H. S3. Pun
nett, 7-5, 3-6, 6-8; M. Warner beat Dr.. Love
grove, 6-*, 5-7, 6-3; Albert Kenyon won from
C. Kuehn by default.
Fourth class —Ersklne beat H. Baker, 6-2,
8-7; B. Wallace beat J. Thorns. 6-4. 6-0; W.
Murphy beat H. Lund by default; R. B. Dag
gett beat E. Rcbbins by default; M. Little beat
VV. Johnson, 0-0, 6-4. First round —Wallace
beat Ersklne, 6-1 (default); Daggett beat Mur
phy, 10-8, 2-6, 8-6; Bacon beat Little, 3-6, 6-3,
6-0; W. G. Knowlton beat W. Koehler. 6-3,
6-4.
In the continuous tournament Mel
ville Long caused quite a surprise by
beating "Dick" Adams easily. The
latter won only three games in two
sets. The score was 6-2, 6-1. Murphy
beat Little easily. The score was 6-3,
6-1.
STAKE CAPTURED
BY CARLOW BOY
L. Corder's Fleet Greyhound
Carries Off Honors in In
augural at the Union Park
L. Corner's fleet greyhound Carlow
Boy won the Inugural stake at Union
Coursing Park yesterday in clever
style, defeating Humboldt in the decid
ing course. . Jei the 3 to 5
choice Belle Free by two lengths in the
first round.
He held the flying McVejr revel to the
hare In the second round and then out
worked" him. He repeated this per
formance in the deciding course with
Humboldt, winning by a score of 3 to 0,
after running only sixteen seconds.
The Reserve stake was won by
Friendless Boy, which defeated Clover
Blossom by a score of 22 to 0. The
winner made all his trials short ones,
having run but ninety seconds up to
the deciding course. Clover Blossom
was not so fortunate, as she ran 311
seconds.
The most decided upset was the de
feat of the 1 to 4 choice Charter Mem
ber by Raby Aurora The day's re
sults, with Judge P. J. Reilly's official
scores, follow:
Inaugural stake, first round—Carlow Boy
beat Belle Free, 6-0; McVey beat Quite, 4-2;
Richard Anton beat Barge, 14-3; Humboldt
beat Lost Chord, 6-0.
Second round —Carlow Boy beat McVey, 6-1;
Humboldt beat Richard Anton. 6-0.
Deciding course—L. Corder"s Carlow Boy
(Gladiator-Mac'b Rosebud) beat F. Brown's
Humboldt (Hot Stuff-Craw ford Lass). 3-0.
Reserve stake, first round—Hidden Hatred
beat Runaway Actress, 6-8; Dorothy M beat
Rompln* Girl, 9-2; Rocker Arm beat Rlalto,
20-0; Ina Clssus beat Sir Dick, 24-3; Raby
Aurora beat Charter Member, 6-5; Mellinwood
beat Belfast, 6-0; Sunny brook beat Glaucus.
3- 0; Peerless Beauty beat Yellowstone, 6-4;
Texas Jill beat Aeolus, 5-1; Reckless Acrobat
beat Daisy Rocket, 3-2; Young Fearless beat
Graceful Carmen, 4-0; The Referee a bye, Texas
Mamie withdrawn; Mickey Free beat Bob R,
4- 3 ;Wild Turkey beat Lulu Girl. 11-9; Friend
less Boy beat McHenry, 5-0; Stlngaree beat
Anna Ryne, 3-2; Presto beat Liberator, 4-0;
Clover Blossom beat Miss Lucille, 0-2; Rene
gade Apache beat J E H. 4-1; 81 roc beat Miss
Green. 9-3; Sherman beat Belle Marie, 4-2;
Northern Alarm beat Ready Address, 8-2;
Lancashire Lad beat Rocked Asleep, 3-2; For
est Fire beat Frisky Boy. 12-1.
Second round—Dorothy M beat Hidden
Hatred, 5-1; Rocker Arm beat Ina Cissus, 8-2;
Mellinwood beat Raby Aurora, 4-8; Sunny
brook beat Peerless Beauty, 12-7; Reckless
Acrobat beat Texas Jill. 8-2: The Referee beat
Youns- Fearless, 9-3; Mickey Free beat Wild
Turkey, 6-4; Friendless Boy beat Btlngaree,
3- 0; Clover Blossom beat Presto, 6-4; Rene
gade Apache beat Siroc, 3-2; Sherman beat
Northern Alarm, 5-4; Lancashire Lad beat
Forest Fire, 8-1.
Third round—Rocker Arm beat Dorothy M.
4- 3: Raby Aurora a bye, Sunnybrook with
drawn; Reckless Acrobat a bye. The Referee
withdrawn; Clover Blossom beat Mickey Free,
8-3; Friendless Boy beat Renegade - Apache,
3-0; Lancashire Lad beat Sherman, 11-2.
Fourth round—Rocker Arm beat Reckless
Acrobat. 7-6; Friendless Boy beat Raby Auro
ra. 8-2; Clover Blossom beat Lancashire Lad,
7-8.
Fifth round—Friendless Boy beat Rocker
Arm, 7-0; Clover Blossom a bye.
Deciding course—W. T. Raught's Friendless
Boy (Fetter Free-Dawn) beat M. Calne's
Clover Blossom (Warburton-Miss Alice), 22-0.
La Unions Defeat Soldiers.
What seemed certain defeat for the
La Union football team yesterday at
Presidio athletic grounds was turned
into a victory by F. Mullen of the
Unions, who scored a field goal short
ly before the end of the game. Final
score: La Union 8, Fort Miley 5. Mul
len was the star of the game. The
big left guard scored the only points
made by his side. He kicked a field
goal in the first half and repeated the
performance in the second half. With
the score standing 6 to 4 in favor of
the Fort Miley team and but a few
minutes left before the end of the
game the La Unions topk a dying
chance by depending on Mullen to
kick a field goal. A well placed kick
from the twenty-five j'ard line went
soaring between the goal posts. The
teams were made ud of:
le Union —O'Connor, Mackenile, Mullen,
Merrill, Woodford, Fisher. Clarkson, Nager,
Borman. Martin, Terry, Wankowski, Merritt,
Browning.
•Fort Miley—Kaiser. Nickel*. Cochran,
Hutchson, Culhane, Swlnson. Lipscomb, Rapp,
Hoover, Ward, Harper, Lieutenant Ware, Pri
vate Ware.
Referee, Schoffel; umpire, George Blow;
timekeepers. J. D. Duffy and George Flnnigan.
Theodore Thomas Better.
CHICAGO, Jan. I.—Theodore Thom
as, leader of the Chicago orchestra,
was slightly improved to-night.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. I.—lntense cold Is
prevailing throughout Russia. At Moscow It Is
so cold tost all the schools have been closed.
FIRST SHOTS
IN THE CENTER
Marksman A. Studer Makes a
Good Beginning for the
Year on the Rifle Range
MEYER IX FIXE FORM
Wins the 3ledal in First
Champion Class at Meet
ing of California Club
The California Schuetzen Club
opened the year for rifle practice yes
terday at Its range in Schuetzen Park.
The weather and light were all that
could be desired and a large number
of marksmen were on hand to make a
good beginning for the new year.
Schuetzenwirth M. Reubold welcomed
his comrades and had everything in
readiness for the success of the initial
shoot of the season.
A. Studer started off well by soor-
Ing two centers in his first two shots
of the medal contest and ended with
the good score of 221 rings, placing
himself high man in the second class
event.
George Tammeyer, who shoots in the
second champion class, made the blß- h
est record of the day with 222 rings,
thereby winning his class medal.
Chris Meyer of the first champion
class won the medal with 218 rings
while M. F. Hartter, in the first class,
proved winner with 215 to his credit.
George M. Barley with 82 rings to
his credit was the victor on the pis
tol target, his nearest competitor be
ing G. Tammever with 89.
The scores follow:
California Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
•hoot: First oh amp! on class—Chris Meyer,
218; Otto Bremer, 200; A. Streclcer, 214, 211.
Beoond champion class—J. L. Utschlg, 210,
188; William F. Blasse, 216, 221; T. J. Oar
roll, 186, 200; Phllo Jacoby, 118, 200: William
Ehrenfort. 183. 167; Martin F. Blasse, 211;
George Tammeyer, 212 282.
First class—Max Kolander. 201; G. M. Bar
ley. 204, 210; M. F. Hartter, 206, 215; Albert
Ehrenfort, 188, 180.
Second class—A. Studer, 221, 218; John C.
Waller. 172 160; L. C. Babln, 196, 186; L> J.
Reubold. 212 207.
Third class—Charles Sagehom. 188, 186; M.
Reubold, 188, 163; William Nolden, 166, 160;
Frank Rlede, 159, 159; J. Straub, 183, 186; U
Wille. 181, 202.
Fourth class—C. Hennlngs, 167; C. Sonning
sen. 151 184; John Boiler, 166; Albert Reu
bold, 160. 198.
Pistol annex—G. M. Barley, 89, 92; William
F. Blaase, 81; C. Hennlngs. 80, 74; Max Ko
lander, 76, 73; T. J. Carroll, 75, 71; Joseph
Straub, 69, 48; J. C. Waller. 52 46; Albert
Ehrenfort. 66; Phllo Jacoby, 75; John C. Boi
ler, 71; Chris Meyer, 86. 84; Otto Bremer, 71,
84; J. L>. Utschlg. 84, 81; M. F. Hartter, 56,
44; Geonre Tammeyer, 89, 74; Exnlls Woenne
63, 69.
KAISER'S SENTIMENTS.
Pleased With Growing Greatness of
the United States.
BERLIN, Jan. I.—Embassador Tow
er called at the palace to-day to pre
sent his New Year's congratulations to
the Emperor and Empress of Germany.
"1 desire." said Emperor William, "to
send to the President and people of the
United States my wishes for a fortu
nate and happy new year. President
Roosevelt is leading; the American peo
ple to an advanced position of power
and influence in the world. Germany
looks on the increasing greatness of the
United States without concern, because
Germany has nothing but friendly feel
ing toward the people of the United
States."
The Emperor alluded to the recent
unveiling of the statue of Frederick the
Great at Washington.
"President yon Loenfeld," he said,
"has told me with what kindness he
was treated. His account of what he
saw and how he was received gratified
me very much. I appreciate it."
During the conversation, which con
tinued some time, the Emperor said:
"I wish that an arrangement could
be made under which American pro
fessors could come to our universities
and deliver courses of lectures each
year, and for German professors to go
to American universities and deliver
lectures there."
Tower replied that he felt confident
the suggestion would be welcomed In
America, and he assured the Emperor
that he would be happy in helping to
carry it out.
CLERICALS AT QUIRINAL.
For First Time They Extend Greetings
to King Victor.
ROME, Jan. I.—For the first time in
the history of United Italy Clerical
aldermen were among the officials who
went to the Quirinal to-day to extend
New Year's greetings to King Victor
Emmanuel. It is reported that the
Clerical aldermen had consulted the
Pope as to their attending the King's
reception and were advised that (bey
should do their duty as loyal subjects.
After the reception the officials were
received by the Dowager Queen Mar
gherlta, who in conversing with Deputy
Pavia sooke of the St. Louis Exposi
tion and said she regretted that she had
been unable to visit the fair, as she
had wished to do, adding:
"America is a most interesting coun
try."
GREETINGS FOR FRANCE.
Praised for the Work It Has Done
for Peace.
PARIS, Jan. I.—Count Tournaelli, the
Italian Embassador and dean of the
diplomatic corps, in presenting to Pres
ident Loubet the New Tear's congratu
lations of the corps expressed admira
tion for France's great part in the
work of promoting international peace,
referring especially to the conclusion of
arbitration treaties and the settlement
of outstanding international differ
ences. President Loubet replied in ap
propriate words,. emphasizing as evi
dence of the growth of arbitration ideas
the meeting of the International com
mission for the settlement of the North
Sea affair, to which body France Is at
this time offering her hospitality.
Mikado's New Year's Reception.
TOKIO, Jan. L —The Emperor and
Empress held brilliant New Year's
ceremonies in the imperial palace to
day. From early morning the Em
peror received in audience Japanese
statesmen, peers, naval and military
officers, who rendered their homage
in the order of precedence, and prom-j
inent officials. At 2 o'clock the Em
peror received the diplomatic corps.
Day Without Zero Weather.
CHICAGO, Jan. 1. —For the first
time in many years, according to the
local weather bureau, the United
States to-day enjoyed a New Year's
day without the temperature at any
point throughout the entire country
touching zero. The nearest approach
to the zero mark was at Devil's Lake.
N. D., where six degrees above- sero
was reported to-night.
TIBURON TARS
ENJOY BANQUET
Corinthian Yachtsmen Eat
Fourteenth Annual Feast
in Flag-Decorated Hall
JOLLITY HOLDS SWAY
Old Time Favorites Please
the Company With Story,
Speech or Popular Song
The fourteenth annual gander party,
otherwise the New Year's dinner of the
Corinthian Yacht Club, took place yes
terday in the club house at Tiburon,
about 125 members and guests being
present.
Port Captain John H. Keefe. attired
in a wonderful green waistcoat, was
there in all his glory. The cooks and
waiters' union, in snow-white garb,
brought the roast Wisconsin geese, the
turkeys and the suckling pigs in from
the town of Tiburon in procession and
took possession of the stage in the big
hail, where they played the part of
carvers and waiters to a full house.
White and red wines and a certain
strong drink labeled "Roclode Paralso"
helped the general gayety along.
Black coffee, cigars, speeches and song
succeeded these.
Commodore Tom Jennings made a
hearty speech, which was applauded In
the warmest manner. Port Captain
John H. Keefe made a successful debut
as a public speaker and ex-Commodore
E. F. Sager offered a few pleasant re
marks. Frank W. Thompson sang
"The Lost Chord" with much feeling
and for an encore gave the "Holy
Friar." "Billy" Hynes delighted the
company with his famous trip to Mor
row and other good things. Frank Mc-
Connall, Ben Tarbox, R B. Mitchell
and Dave McLaughlin did turns.
Maurice Kramer presided at the piano
with his usual skill. Among the speak
ers were P. J. Weniger, Douglas White
of the schooner Ramona, Frank Math
len and ex-Commodore T. F. Tracy.
The whole affair was much enjoyed.
THOUSANDS CONVERTED.
Chicago Evangelists Meet With Great
Success in Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. I.—Rev. Reuben
A. Torrey and Charles Alexander, the
Chicago evangelists, to-day opened the
last of three weeks of their revival
crusade here with stirring scenes. A
unique observance of New Year's day
was the distribution broadcast in the
city by personal delivery to passers
by, in private letter boxes, in saloons,
etc., of 250,000 white cards, inscribed
simply in glaring red type, "Get right
with God." Wholesale conversions
have resulted from this plan and
crowds made public confessions at to
night's meeting at Tournament Hall.
Four thousand converts have al
ready inscribed their names and it is
expected that 6000 will have been
made before the evangelists go to Lon
don for a five months* crusade, which
will be on a larger scale than any simi
lar crusade undertaken.
BIG STORM IN EUROPE.
New Year Comes in With Gales
and Snow.
LONDON, Jan. I.—The new year
was ushered in with a sudden fall In
temperature throughout Europe, ac
companied by gales and blizzards and
much damage to life and property. In
Switzerland a twenty-hour blizzard
isolated many Alpine villages and In
terrupted all preparations for merry
making. Austria suffered from heavy
gales and snowstorms. All the con
tinental capitals are sending similar
reports, the Baltic coasts having espe
cially suffered.
DENMARK'S GOOD WISHES.
King Christian Extends Cordial Greet
ings to Roosevelt.
COPENHAGEN, Jan. I.—King Chris
tian gave the New Year reception as
usual to-day to the diplomatic corps.
The King extended cordial greetings to
the President of the United States and
his wishes for the prosperity of Amer
ica. His Majesty was in excellent
health and conversed with all with ani
mation. Crown Prince Frederick also
sent his greetings to President Roose
velt.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weak Men and
Rupture Cured.
_ - Our perfected
sou>ontY»fu» fjpgl>j\ a vacuum treatment
'Art VELOp kly HEW
H' 2«3 S 5 FULLY RK
4 l»i>. cWL -DR O 5 STORE THE 3
2 VIGOB OP
TO* 2$ \ OI'TH. It Is the
■,1k! °" int. oIKHOs r nly positive means
'Ins tQUAM Watt* , known which will
tKMnpjjnWSVjnH $ fully enlarge and
'sMUIIshWNSsI « completely develop
the organs. Used with our Soluble Medicated
(7™PIW»LLT URETHRAL rVtrPICATK Jlsl — "it
Urethral Crayons, quickly cures all drains and
discharges. Varicocele, Stricture. Premature
Decay, Enlargement of Prostate Gland, etc.
Special cure for RUPTURE i no knife, no de
lay from work. Gusrantee perfect cure.
Money left in bank. Our physicians are
well known to be experienced and strictly re
liable specialists and cure Rapture and all
of men only by modern methods. Call
for free examination and full details of our
special cure for Ruptnre.
We want alxo especially every weak or un
developed man to call or write for our most In
structive 100-page illustrated book. It fully ex
plains the action of our remarkable Vacuum
and Crayon treatment. We have the most
successful home cure in ths world. We frlve
treatment on lO days' trial and ap
proval. Book sent securely sealed, free.
Every men should read It. Call or write to
day. Hours Ato a Sundays, 11 to 1. VACUUM
APPLIANCE CO., 0 O'Farrell street.
!ji visit D^T^Ori?Af??a2«ATl
MUSEUM OF MaTOHY}
0 fins 1081 XASZac » T M - *>*n*< M-on. |
\ qr Th« Largest A—tosiirsl Hums Is the \
A mJbtm. Wo "*- WMkMmt Ot U> co«tr»ct«<l B
7 WgQ mM\ diiau s« hy tix «4a—< T
Q |l» CTI Stpccwlist on lb* Coisc Ex. ]6 jresr*. 0
4 J§f*£ DR. JORuAH-D'Sf ASE! Of MEN J
A I XWnT M Tmattsent or br letter. A f
V B |X V* I fwlln tD »«r aw nteukM. T
AP / Ms* Wrtefoc P.ok. PSUI.S>SOF»¥ «r A
" ll ll™ BaSSISSS, MAH.BD FBBE. (Af
A (• is niusbl* boot for art) A
y Pl^tm^Bi^^^OC^arke^t^.^r
I | jUtMi ■ MEM AND WOMEU,
ft^Mßjrc t Hfc3%411 Cse Big CI tor unnatural
A\\mTlm i la » disclisrsss.innawmaUsss,
kmWa G«*r«te«d M irritations or ulcer»tloat
fsTf wiuMriiiurt." of mucous inembrasss.
<S fm—a Ceaswtas. PsinisK, and not aatrus*
BfStniE Euws Chemical Co. «»nt or poieonous.
IggA OIM»NbATI,O.BM DrngaisSs,
«Bm us.*, or sent in plain wrspsst,
J§mm mm 7_^mm m M b ? express, pessald. Ist
tI.OO. or >b«t&tsS3.7S.
H Ciroulsc ml S» fsasssV
1314
ADVERTISEMENTS.
rjDLDBERQ
p bowen w
SCO.
HAPPY NEW YEAR
We take this opportunity of
thanking our many custom
. ers for their kind patronage
and favors during the past
year. By Honest dealing —
• courteous treatment, we
trust to merit a continuance
of the same.
TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY
Com—Arcade \2%
New season's of course J»4O
formerly $1.75 doz
Bakin? Powder 30
Excelsior, reg'ly 35c lb
Tomato Catsup—g b & Co. $5
Fresh tomato flavor, reg'ly 20c bot
Pimientos Morrones i 5
Spanish red peppers, reg'ly 20c Ik can
Boneless Sardines S ml !2#
D& G, reg'ly 13c, 25c can tee 20
Fard Dates—New stock 3 lbs 25
Black variety, reg'ly 12% c lb
Lemon Extract— g b & Co. 35
reg'ly 40c 4 oz bot
Vanilla Extract— g b & Co. 35
reg'ly 45c 4 oz bot
WalnUtS reg'ly 20c lb 3 lbs 50
Fancy stock, lge size
Plum Pudding—Franco-American
• Good as home made J lb 25
reg'ly 30c. 50c can 2 lb 45
French Wine Vinegar 20
Imported in wood from Bordeaux
reg'ly 25c bot, 75c gal 55
Mackerel—3 x 12 lb kit 2.20
. Choice white fish, reg'ly $2.50
FruitS—Oneida Community, 2lb cans
• Red raspberries, blackberries, 22}£
huckleberries 2.50
. reg'ly 25c, $2.75, $2.90 doz
JAVA AND MOCHA COFFEE
EXCELSIOR BLEND
Every ounce is pure coffee,
; the BEST the world pro
duces lb 37 r /2
• Worcestershire Saucer i
Lea & Perrins. reg'ly 25c, 43c bot
The genuine pts 40 1
•Smyrna Figs—regiy 20c ib \2y 2 \
Toilet Paper—Empire 75 \
°. Good quality, reg'y $i doz, square pkg .
" HamamellS—Extract Witch Hazel \
•V 2 pts J5, pts 25, qts 40 '
. Toilet Soap—American 20 i
Kirk, Colcgate, reg 23c box 3 cakes -
Pleasant odors doz 75 j
' ;Ript (OliveS-Fancy lot just receiv- 1
ed, of«exceptionally deli- qt jar 45 j
cate flavor J gal bucket U9O !
WINES—LIQUORS
' Claret—V Zinfandel 40 ,
Good, pure wine, reg'ly 50c gal
WhlSkV—Old Mellow Rye 75
reg'ly $1 bot, $4 gal 3.00
. Irish WhlSkV—Killycroy, I star
D. C. L., reg'ly $1 bot 85
• Scotch WhlSky—Highland Club
D. C. L., reg'ly $1 bot 85
Port—Private Stock 50
. California, reg'ly 75c bot,
$2.50 gal 2.00
' Sherry— California, Choice No. 2 35
reg'ly 50c bot, $1.50 gal J.JS
Gin—Wynand Fockink J. 25
Large black bottl or stone jug
Very fine, reg'ly $1.50
On the advent of the New Tear will, if
you care for personal appearance and
cleanliness. Include the determination to
patronize this "all right" laundry. What
° we do know about laundering linen for
• men would fill a book; what good things
people who have "tried out our work
would say about us would make a larger
volume. Suppose you join the majority
In electing this popular laundry.
.; UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
1004 MARKET STREET.
Telephone South 420.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUARANTEED CUKE FOB MEN.
HARMLESS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
. casfs in a few days. Warranted to cure
. worst cases. NO OTHER TREATMENT
REQUIRED. Prevents and Cures Stric
tures. PREVENTS CONTAOION. Harm
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
P. S. XZLLY'B PHARMACY. 102 Eddy.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application. I
XiEAKY ROOTS AND SKYLIGHTS.
All kinds repaired. Globe Sheet Metal Work*.
1176-1178 Mission at Phone Main 6461.
OXZiS.
EURRICATrNG OILS: LEONARD A ELLIS,
* 418 Front St.. 8. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTING.
E. C. HUGHES, 511 Pansome st.. S. F.
Weekly Call $1 per Year
CRASHES DOWN
SHAFT TO DEATH
Elevator Boy in the Phelan
Building Makes a Fatal
Mistake and Is Killed
CAGE CHEEPS UPWAED
Supposing the Car to Be on
Level With Floor, Youth
Steps Off Into Eternity
A moment's thoughtlessness, com
bined with carelessness In the manip
ulation of an elevator switch, cost John
C. Heuer his life in the Phelan building
yesterday afternoon. Heuer was 19
years of age and had lived at 1621 Stu
art street, Berkeley.
Heuer, who was operating the small
elevator, failed to turn the power en
tirely off, and not noticing that the
car had moved upward after he left it
stepped into the shaft and plunged
downward for five stories. When Dr.
Frederick W. d'Evelyn and others who
were summoned by the crash arrived
the unfortunate youth was breathing,
but he died in a few minutes.
It was the custom for the elevator
boy to run up to the fifth floor and sit
in the broad window seat on the west
side of the building overlooking Mar
ket street and there await any call.
Heuer probably ascended to the fifth
floor, shutting off the power, as he sup
posed, and stepping out of the car seat
ed himself at the window. In the mean
time, as indicated by the position of the
car and the governing switch, the pow
er was not entirely off and the car
crept upward.
In all probability, for no one was by
to witness the tragic death, Heuer re
sponded to a call, and coming out of
the blinding sunlight Into semi-dark
ness stepped into the narrow shaft to
his death. This idea seems to be borne
out by the finding of the young man's
hat pn the fifth floor, and it is thought
that the floor of the car knocked it
off as the man fell.
The sound of the crash caused many
persons to hasten to the shaft, thinking
the elevator had dropped. It was not
until the hat was found that a tragedy
was suspected. Peter Semenza, the
janitor, descended to the bottom of the
shaft and carried Heuer to the ground
floor. Before an ambulance call could
be sent in the man was dead and the
Morgue wagon was called.
Heuer was almost unknown in the
building, having worked only since last
Friday. In his pocket was found a
memorandum book with the Berkeley
address and an address <jf Pleasanton
Valley, El Dorado County, California.
A little money and an unused Berkeley
commutation ticket, together with a
few trinkets, completed the inventory.
An entry In the memorandum book
showed that he had visited a Dr. Ward
and that an elevator boy named George
Alpus in the Starr King building had
visited him. The body was taken to the
Morgue.
Heuer lived with his uncle, Edward
M. Chase, chief yeoman in the United
States navy, at 1621 Stuart street in
Berkeley. Chase said his nephew carse
from Pleasant Valley, in El Dorado
County, where his parents reside, a few
weeks ago. He was employed at Man
grum & Otter's until last week, when
Chase, who is stationed at Admiral
Glass' office in the Phelan building,
procured him a situation elevator
conductor there.
Gadski Seat Sale To-Day at Alhambra
Theater.
To-day being a holiday, the box office for
the Gadeki concerts will be at the Alhambra
Theater. To-morrow and the remainder of the
week It will be at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
Madame Gadskt's first concert will be given at
the Alhambra Theater to-morrow night. •
THIEVES LOOT DWELLING
WHILE FAMILY IS AWAY
After Celebrating the New Year the
Sarles Return to Find
Home Ransacked.
While L. Sarle and his family were
out celebrating the advent erf the glad
new year, thrifty and enterprising
burglars were collecting materials for
a celebration on their own account
from the Jewelry and clothing of the
Sarle family.
The Sarles live at 926 Larkin
street,, and the names of the successful
burglars are unknown. When Sarle
returned to his home in the early
hours of the new year, he found the
place had been ransacked. Bureau
drawers had been looted and the con
tents of closets and clothes presses
had been hastily tumbled about.
Upon investigation it was found
that the thief or thieves had taken a
watch and pin valued at $50 and $150
worth of clothing and trinkets. One
of Sarle's New Year's resolutions is to
buy a dog.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hunter
Whiskey
Every Sideboard Needs It
Every Buyer Likes It
Every User Is Satisfied
BILBERT MERC AS TILE CO..
138-14* Second St., San Fr»ncl«co, Cel.
Telephone Private 313.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, MONDAY, JANUARY 2. 1905.
THINK FRIEND
MET FOUL PLAY
Maximilian Lipowitz, Assist
ant Storekeeper at the
Custom House, Disappears
CABBIES $300 AT TIME
Well-Known Man Who Has
Not Been Seen Since Satur
day Night Is Still Missing
Maximilian Lipowitz, assistant
j storekeeper in the United States Cus
i torn House, is missing and his friends
! fear that he has met with foul play.
Lipowitz has not been seen since yes
terday morning at 1 o'clock, when he
started for home after visiting friends
In the Hotel Metropole. He had be
tween $300 and $400 on his person and
jokingly remarked as he left for his
rooms that he might be held up.
Last night Mrs. Martha Stevenson,
whose husband Lipowitz was visiting,
called at the Central Emergency Hos
pital yesterday and reported the fact
of their friend's disappearance. Mrs.
Stevenson said that Lipowitz was not
a drinking man and that when he left
her husband's rooms he said that he
was going directly to his home In the
Monroe Hotel at 612 Bush street and
promised to call to see his friends
again yesterday morning.
When Lipowitz did not put in an ap
pearance at their apartments yester
day, Mr. and Mrs. Stevenson became
alarmed in view of the fact that Lipo
witz had such a large amount of
money on his person at the time he
departed, and had remarked that he
might be held up.
Inquiry was made at all the hos
pitals last night, without leading to
the discovery of the missing man. The
police were notified and detectives de
tailed on the case.
Lipowitz is a single man and has
held an excellent Government posi
tion for many years. He was well
liked by all who knew him and his
friends are mystified at his disappear
ance. They fear that he may have
been made away with after falling a
victim to thieves.
TAKING SHOWS
AT CALIFORNIA
AND ORPHEUM
The Road Show entered upon its
j second week at the Orpheum last
! night. The bill is materially strength
! ened by the addition of the Four
j Bards, the most daring and original
! tumblers that a San Francisco audi
; ence has seen in many a day. Some
jof the feats they performed seemed
| impossible, yet they managed to get
! away with them all save one feat
: which they tried five times, then
1 gave it up. The quartet works
I marvelously well together and every
i act they have is a new one—some
thing that interests the spectator. As
usual, Mclntyre and Heath and Clar
ice Vance reign supreme. The negro
impersonators have a new sketch en
titled "Dr. Breakbone." They rendered
it here two years ago. but it is so fun
ny that every one seemed glad to see it
once again. Miss Vance has a bunch
of new coon songs and she was called
out four times before the crowd was
satisfied and then it wanted just one
| more. The Latonas have a fresh sup
! ply of musical skits and Smirl and
! Kessner. Probst the great, the Mll
j linery Maids and Spessardy's bears
and ponies help to strengthen the bill.
"Yon Tonson," the ever Interesting;
and entertaining Play with the Swedish
hero, began a week's run at the Cali
fornia yesterday to good houses. David
Brattstrom, who follows Gus Heege In
the title role, is as good as that clever
originator of Swedish delineation and
dialect, if not better. In, addition to his
excellent Impersonation Brattstrom is
i a musician and introduces several vlo- j
lin specialties that are alone worth the
price of admission.
In the supporting company there are
a few weak spots. E. Guy Spangler
makes the most of a thankless genteel 1
heavy, and Harry Bond is entertaining
as the negro footman. Miss Marguerite
Fields is a very gifted woman, her \
grace and presence winning the audi
ence from the start. Violet Holmes was
acceptable as Grace Jennings, and
Hazel Harroun gave a clever imper- \
sonation of a boy's part.
VEREIN ARION MEMBERS
MAKE MERRY WITH SONG
Clubrooms of Society Are T#ronged
With Happy Folk, Who Gather
.at Annual Reception.
The members of the Vereln Arion,
the well-known German singing so
ciety, made merry with song and mel
ody yesterday afternoon at their head
quarters in Union Square Hall. The
event was the annual New Year's re
ception and was attended by more
than 250 members of the society.
The rooms were tastefully decorated
with a profusion of flowers and ever
greens. An attractive musical pro
gramme was rendered, including sev
eral selections by Miss Lulu Puelenky,
the popular contralto; the Herman
Quartet, consisting of J. V. Oppel,
Chris Heinz, H. Hackfeld and H. Mar
quardt. In addition the members of
the club sang several chorus selec
tions.
The address of welcome was deliv
ered by the president of the society.
Fritz Hagemann. Professor Albert
Putzker of the University of California
also made an address. President Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler of the university
was unable to be present and sent a
telegram expressing his regrets.
Little Girl Is Run Over.
Josle Hooper,, an 8-year-old girl,
living at 128% Sixth street, was run
over by a buggy at Sixth and Howard
streets last night and seriously Injured.
The child was playing on. the street
when a light vehicle, driven by two
men, dashed down the thoroughfare.
Before the little girl could get out of
the way two wheels passed over her
body. She was taken to the Central
Emergency Hospital, where Dr. Kucich
found that she was suffering from
painful bruises and contusions and
possible Internal injuries.
Burnett's Extract of Vanilla la the
best, perfectly pure, highly concentrated. •
Buggies Collide in Park.
A buggy driven by John J. Murray
collided with one driven by P. J. Mc-
Intyre yesterday in Golden Gate Park.
One of the wheels of Mclntyre's ve
hicle was crushed In the collision. He
blamed Murray for the accident and
was so angry over the affair that he \
caused the latter's arrest on a charge j
of malicious mischief. Murray af
firmed that he was not to blame. '
NEW YEAR'S DAY
GOES QUIETLY
The Birth of 1905 Finds City
Peaceful After Attending
Lively Wake of 1904
SHATTEE KESOLUTIONS
.Many Start With Good In
tentions but Wind Up by
Breaking Them, as Usual
Same old resolution.
That he'll make a start.
Clinging to the ribbons
On the fabled water cart.
Same temptation lures him.
Resolution getting lame,
New Year's jay reformer
Says he'li take the same.
The first dawn of 1905 found San
Francisco with some traces of head
ache, but full of good resolutions. Mar
ket street looked a little ashamed of
itself. A blind man could have seen
that something had "been doing" at
the wake of the year 1904.
Resolutions! The city was packed
with them. The imbiber resolved not
to Imbibe, the knocker resolved not to
knock, the surly resolved to be pleas
ant, the spendthrift resolved to save,
and the grafter resolved to be honest—
but that was In the morning. Alas,
many a one who turned over a new
leaf turned It twice and found the same
page before them—as usual.
The City Prison drew a plentiful
quota of drunk cases, as usual. The
knocker who laid away his hammer in
the morning got a heavier one in the
evening, as usual. The surly man's
breakfast was cold and he threw it
through the window and "cussed," as
usual. The man who was going to
start a bank account woke up with
thirty cents and squandered it with
reckless prodigality, as usual.
Of course there are excuses. One of
those who was gathered into the City
Prison for carrying a package from
1904 to 1905 had the most unique one.
"I was the good resolution kid," he
said, "but in the afternoon the whole
world got on a jag. Shook my house,
shook me, shook my resolutions, shook
everything."
Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters re
moves uric acid from the system by dis
solving the uric acid formation. •
Motorman Finds New Weapon.
Enraged because the car that
brought them from the park at 1
o'clock yesterday morning turned Into
the power house at Steiner and Turk
streets instead of continuing down
town, Roy T. Dixon of 983 Ellis street
and Victor Jaccard of 29 Turk street,
got Into a fight with Motorman Camp
bell. The motorman struck Dixon
with the controller, fracturing his
skull and causing a concussion of the
brain. Suffering from these injuries
Dixon was taken to the Central
Emergency Hospital, but on his ar
rival declined treatment at the hands
of Dr. Glover and was taken away by
his friend Jaccard. Both men charge
Campbell with using the controller as
a weapon.
j&gSfL mM(S RELIABLE WEAR.
for WOMENjgd CHILDREN 1
Our Store Closes Saturdays at 6 p. m.
/. Magnin Sr Co.
Offer Phenomenal Values in
Boys* Woolen Russian Suits
(With Bloomer Trousers)
Asres 3 to 6 Tears.
....AT LESS THAN....
ONE-HALF FORMER PRICES
Commencing TUESDAY, JANUARY 3d, at 9 o'clock
a. m , md continuing during the entire week.
LOT I—BOYS' RUSSIAN SUITS, of all-wool cheviot;
some braided, others silk embroidered. For- qq
mer prices $3.50 and $3.BS—SALE PRICE/.
LOT 2—BOYS' RUSSIAN SUITS, of all-wool serges, |
shepherd plaids and cheviots, neatly trimmed, *\
Former prices $4.50 and $4.7S—SALE PRICE.. *p£i*DD
LOT 3—BOYS' RUSSIAN SUITS, of English serges,
shepherd plaids, fancy tweeds; handsomely braided; some
with large sailor collar, others Russian effect, tf *% »yC
Former prices $5.00, $5.50 and $5.75 —SALE PRICE
LOT 4—BOYS' RUSSIAN SUITS, of imported fancy
mixtures, rough and smooth English serges, some military
effects, others with Eton and sailor collars. For
mer prices $6.50, $7.00 and $7.SO—SALE PRICE.. »P«',OJ
LOT s—BOYS' RUSSIAN SUITS, of serges, cordu
roys, tweeds, fancy mixtures and shepherd plaids, Russian
and sailor blouse styles; handsomely braided and em
broidered; Eton and sailor collars. Former prices $8.00,
$9.00 and $10.00—SALE PRICE yjj
LOT 6— BOYS* RUSSIAN SUITS, of finest quality im
ported serges and cheviots; sailor collar, with extra de- ■
tachable collars of silk or pique. Former prices t Z C/J
$11.50 and $12.50 —SALE PRICE
Remainder of our VELVET. SILK and WHITE SERGE
RUSSIAN SUITS, former prices ranging from $1375 to
$25.00. REDUCED TO f 7.5© and $11.75.
Boys' Coats
$13.50 TAN COVERT CLOTH COATS—NOW...
$750 i
$7.50 ROUGH CHEVIOT COATS NOW
$485
$12.50 ENGLISH MELTON COATS NOW
$785
918-9:.^Pi^^^i^^^^^^^^ Br,mch stores -
LAYS HIS WHIP
ON THE TRUSTS
Thomas B. Walker, Capital-j
Ist, Exposes Dangers Found i
in Modern Combinations
UPHOLDS COMPETITION
Considers the Men Who Have
Made Fortunes and Decries
Prejudice Against Them
"The Principles and Methods of Suc
cessful Business Men" was the subject I
of an address by Thomas B. Walker
of Minneapolis, capitalist, philanthro
pist, land owner and generally success
ful business man, at the Y. M. C. A.
yesterday afternoon. The auditorium
was crowded. On the platform were j
Edward Coleman, Rolla V. Watt and
the general secretary of the Y. M. C.
A., Henry J. McCoy.
In the course of his address Mr.
Walker said:
The modern development of the combination i
methods so common among all classes, out of
which the trust has come. Is unjustifiable In
greater or lees degree. That men whose Ideas
of business integrity and fair dealing in other
respects should be so blunted as to justify
their efforts at accumulating wealth through
such methods Is on a par with the conduct of ]
labor unions. They are both founded on the
same intention of limiting competiUon and
taking advantage of the public—the capitalist I
supporting his efforts by means of trade
manipulations and the labor unions adding ,
direct physical force in enforcing their de
mands.
They are both unwise, unpatriotic and 1
against the best interests of the public. It j
does not follow, however, that business men
generally are in favor of trusts. A large part
of them are opposed to such measures.
I have known many who have strongly op
posed the formation of trusts, although they
could have gained largely by giving them
their approval and co-operation. As one be- [
longing to this class, I can say that I have de- |
feated several such well-planned efforts, that j
would have resulted very profitably to me I
from a money standpoint, and my approval
would have enabled the promoter to complete
the combinations.
Competition under Individualism Is the only
means of developing a higher and better civil
ization and the only source from which man
kind has been raised from the tribal state to i
the present civilization. It is the only means
by which progress will be made and the only
safe reliance for the future.
Selfish combinations constitute the great
danger to modern civilization, and especially
to free government. And every one who lends
a helping hand to encourage or advance and
enlarge this modern mania is adding his mite j
toward the final demoralization of free govern- :
ment and best interests of mankind.
Any one familiar with the modern business
world, whether "frenzied finance" or more I
sober and moderate ways and principles of j
doing business, will admit that many men I
handling large financial and industrial inter- j
ests are found pracitclng business methodsl ;
that are not of the nature of the golden rule j
ways.
But when we come to analyze and follow, !
step by step, the men who have accomplished
the best results In industrial and commercial !
life, we find that, as a general proposition,
the methods and principles followed have been j
more trustworthy, reliable, honorable and fair j
than those customarily practiced by the gener- |
ality of men.
The men who have gained Jarge fortunes are
M much entitled to the respect, confidence and
good will, and as little deserving of prejudice !
against them, as any class of men among us, :
They are in general reliable, friendly and '
helpful in charitable work and public spirited, j
and they generally deal with others with fair- j
ness and honesty.
I ~~~]
Great Alteration Sale
WE take pleasure in announc
ing to the public that on
TftTf Tuesday morning, January
[[ 3rd, 1905, we shall com
' ' mence our Great Altera
tion Sale.
This being our first Sale since
the famous "Salvage Sale" held by
us in 1883, we propose to make it
a memorable event to the purchas
ing public of San Francisco.
The work of remodeling is con
fined, for the present, to the front
and upper floors of the building
and will in no way interfere with
the convenience of our patrons.
It would be impossible to quote
the many decisive reductions in
prices that will take place, but it
is sufficient to state that Special
Bargains will be offered in ALL
DEPARTMENTS. 1
During Sale Store Will Open
9 a. m. and Close at 5 p. m.
HI to 121 Post Street
BITES HER HAND
TO SECURE COIN
Two Young Footpads Hold
Up and Plunder a School
Girl Out on Corbett Road
Two small boys, each about 11 years
of age, successfully played the role of
footpad on Saturday afternoon, their
victim being Alfrida Garlain, a school
girl living on the Corbett road. The
boys are Charles Westward, 621 Eliza
beth street, and John Fraser, 1066 Noe
street.
They met the girl on the Corbett
road shortly after 2 o'clock. She had
a dollar in her hand and when they
became aware of that fact one of them
pulle/d a toy pistol out of his pocket
and pointing it at the girl ordered her
to hand over the dollar. She refused
and the other grabbed hold of her hand
and bit her fingers till she screamed
with pain and dropped the dollar.
The youthful footpads picked up the
dollar and ran till they caught a Twen
ty-fourth street car, which they board
ed. The car was on its way to Mission
street. The robbery was reported to
the police and they discovered that the
boys had gone down town to see the
sights. The residences of their parents
were watched and about 4 o'clock yes
terday morning Westward returned
home and was promptly placed under
arrest by Policemen Bolton and Cronin.
He was booked at the City Prison for
a public institution and was later sent
to the detention home. Fraser has not
yet been arrested.
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuraisla.
*Vu«lsts. 50c flask. Richard * Co.. 40* Clay.*
»»» i i
VINEYARDIST RUN DOWN BY
SOUTHERN PACIFIC TRAIN
Albert GoodmarV, Does Not See Ap
proach injr Engine and Is Fatally
Injured at Sunnyslde.
Albert Goodman, a vineyardist, liv
ing at the Vineyardists' Home on Sac
ramento street, was run down by an
outbound Southern Pacific train last
night at Sunnyside crossing and fatal
ly injured. Goodman had been visit
ing friends in Sunnyside and started
for home. He evidently did not see or
hear the approaching train. Before
the engineer could bring the engine to
a stop Goodman had been struck and
hurled fifty feet to one side.
The injured man was conveyed to
the City and County Hospital by T.
Minhmer, a member of the Humane
Society, residing at 2034 O'Farrell
street. It was found that Goodman
had sustained fractures of three ribs
and a laceration of the scalp, with a
possible fracture of the skull, and that
he was Internally injured. His chances
for recovery are slight.
THIEVES WORK AMONG THE
MARKET-STREET CROWDS
I One of the Victims Was Max Leh
mann. Who Reports That He Lost
Diamond Stickpin.
Thieves mixed among the crowds on
Market street Saturday night and early
yesterday morning and some people
who did not keep their valuables at
home are regretting their carelessness.
No arrests were made.
One of the victims was Max Leh
mann, a printer at 227 California
street. He reported at police head
quarters yesterday afternoon that he
was robbed of a valuable diamond
stickpin while taking in the sights on
Market street early yesterday morn
ing. He was walking along when a
man threw a handkerchief in his face,
snatched his stickpin from his scarf
and disappeared In the crowd before
Lehmann could raise an alarm. The
theft was done so quickly and so un
expectedly that Lehmann had no op
portunity of observing the thief close
ly enough to be able to give a descrip
tion.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OUR.
ANNUAL
CLEARANCE
• • • S Am \mmf \\W • • «
..Begins..
Tuesday, January 3d
Discount on
Everything
S.d&G.GumpCo.
113 Geary St.
fij Perfect Fitting fyj y
V EyeglassBs
j k\ Moderate Cost {\
w 642 a Marke.tSt
A baby who frets, worries,
cries or sleeps poorly is prob
ably poorly nourished unless
there is actual disease. MelluVs
Food provides plenty of good nourish*
ment; easily digestible and does away
with all fretting and crying. Try Mai*
11 n s Pood, we will send you a sample.
MBLLIN'B FOOD CO., BOSTON, MAS*