LESSON
LESSON
NO. 8
Grove's Music
tSimplifier
Copyright, 1904> by W. Scott
Grove* Scraiston, Pa.
THE chords of the key of F flat are given on
these charts with the relative, the key of T>
minor. Place one of these charts at right
angles with the keyboard, so that the small
letter D with a dash above it on the chart is directly
over D on the keyboard. Then the white spaces
on the chart will be over the white keys and black
spaces over the black keys. The top, middle and
lower sections on the lower chart represent the
three chords, a mastery of which will enable any
one to accompany on the piano any song or melody
in the key of F, and the upper chart represents the
chords of the key of D sharp minor. The colored
letters are "to be played with the left hand, the
black letters with the right hand.
Now, having placed the chart on the piano, play
the colored letter on the top section with the left
hand and then the three black letters in unison with
the right hand. Now play the middle section in the
same way, then the lower section, and then return
to the top section. The small letter D with a dash,
which gives the chart position, must not be played.
The knowledge of the keys and the facility in
striking the proper chords form the basis of all
musical knowledge. Keep the chart on the friano
until you are thoroughly familiar with the chords in
the ,keys given in this week's lessons, and when
memorized you are quite as well equipped for the
playing of accompaniments as one who has studied
music for years.
(NINTH LESSON NEXT SUNDAY.)
Key
Key
1905• This is the second installment of
"The Brethren," H. Rider Haggard's
latest novel. "The Brethren" is a
stirring romance of the Crusades, and
marks the author's entry Into the
ranks of the writers of historical ro
mance. Although radically more tem
perate than many of the stories that
made Mr. Haggard's fame, "The
Brethren still possesses all the power
%o Interest and hold the reader that
this author's more purely imaginative
earlier works possessed.
"The Brethren" will appear in five
installments.
Copyright. 1904, by McClure, Phillips
I & Co.
FROM that day forward fear
settled on the place—fear of
some blow that none could
foresee, and against which they
could not guard. Sir Andrew
even talked of leaving Steeple and of
taking up his abode in London, where
he thought that they might be safer,
but such foul weather set in that it
was impossible to travel the roads,
and still less to sail the sea. So it
was arranged that if they moved at
all—and there k were many things
against it, not the least of which were
Sir Andrew's weak health and the
lack of a house to go to—it should not
be till after New Year's day.
Thus the time went on, and nothing
hapnened to disturb them. The friends
of whom the old knight took counsel
laughed at their forebodings, saying
that so long as they did not wander
about unguarded, there was little
danger of any fresh attack on them,
and if one should by chance be made,
with the aid of the men they had
they could hold the hall against a
company until help was summoned.
Moreover, at heart, none of them be
lieved that Saladin o- his emissaries
would stir in this business before the
spring, or more probably until another
year had passed. Still, they always
set guards at night, and, besides
themselves, kept twenty stout men
sleeping at the hall, and arranged also
that on the lighting of a signal Are
upon the tower of Steeple Church
their neighbors should come to succor
them.
So the time went on toward Christ
mas, before which the weather changed
and became calm with sharp frost.
It was on the shortest day that
Prior rode up to the hall and told Sir
Andrew that he was going to South
minster to buy some wine for their
Christmas cheer. The knight asked
what wine there was at Southminster.
The Prior answered that he had heard
that a ship laden among other things
with wine of Cyprus of wonderful
quality had come into the river
Crouch with her rudder broken. He
added that as no shipwrights could
be got from London till after the
Christmas feast to repair it, the chap
man, a Cypriote, who was in charge of
the wine, was selling as much as he
could in Southminster and to the
houses" about at a cheap rate, and de
livering it by means of a wain that he
had hired.
Sir Andrew replied that this seemed
a fair chance to get fine liquor, which
was hard to come by in Essex in
those times. The end of It
\vas that he bade Wulf, whose taste
in strong drink was nice, to ride with
the Prior into Southminster, and If
he liked the stuff to buy a few casks
of it for them to make merry with at
Christmas—although he himself, be
cause of his ailments, now drank only
water.
So Wulf went, nothing loth—for in
this dark season of the year when
thsre was no fishing, it grew very dull
Joiterlng about the hall, and since he
did not read much, like Godwin, sit
ting for long hours by the fire at night
watching Rosamund going to and fro
upon her tasks but not speaking with
her overmuch. For notwithstanding
all their pretense of forgetfulness, some
sort of vei' had fallen between the
brethren and Rosamund, and their in
tercourse was not so open and familiar
as of old. She could not but remember
that- they were no more her cousins
only but her lovers also, and that she
must guard herself lest she seemed to
show preference to one above the oth
er. The brethren for their part must
always bear in mind also that they
were bound not to show their love, and
that their cousin Rosamund was .no
longer a simple English lady, but also
by created rank, as by blood, a prin
cess of the Bast, whom destiny might
yet lift beyond the reach of either of
them.
Moreover, as has be#», said, dread
sat. upon the rooftree croaking
raven, nor could they escße from the
shadow of its wing. Far Ifway in the
East a mighty monarch had turned
his thoughts toward this English
home and the maid of his royal blood
who dwelt there and was mingled with
his visions of conquest and of the
triumph of his faith. Driven on by
no dead oath, by no mere fancy of Im
perial desire, but by some spiritual
hope or need, he had determined to
draw her to htm, by fair means if he
could; if not, by foul. Already means
both foul and fair had failed, for that
the attack at Death Creek quay had
to do with this matter they could no
longer doubt. It was certain also
that others would be tried again and
again till his end was won or Rosa
mund was dead —for here, if even she
would go back upon her word, mar
riage itself could not shield her. So
the old house was sad, and saddest of
all seemed the face of the old knight.
Sir Andrew, oppressed as he was with
sickness, with memories and fears.
Therefore, Wulf could find pleasure
even in an errand to Southminster to
buy wine, of which, in truth, he would
have been glad to drink deeply, if only
to drown his thoughts awhile.
So away he rode up Steeple Hill with
the Prior, laughing as he used to do
before Rosamund led him to Bt.-Pe
ter's-on-the-wall ,to gather flowers.
Asking where the foreign merchant
dwelt who had wine to sell, they were
directed to an inn near the minster.
Here in a back room they found a
short, stout man, wearing a red cloth
cap, who 'was seated on a* pillow be
" tween two kegs. In front of him
stood a number of folks, gentry and
others, who bargained with him for
his wine and the silks and embroid
eries that he had to sell, giving the
latter to be handled and samples of
the drink to all who asked for them.
"Clean cups," he said, speaking in
bad French, to the drawer who stood
beside him. "Clean cups, for there
comes a holy man and a gallant
knight who wish to taste my liquor.
Nay, fellow, fill them up, for the top
of Mcunt Trooldos in winter Is not so
cold as this cursed place to say
nothing of Its damp, which Is that of
a dungeon," and he shivered, draw
ing his costly shawl closer round him.
"Sir Abbot, which you taste first
—the red wine or the' yellow? The
red is the stronger, but the yellow is
the more costly and a drink for saints
in paradise and abbots upon earth.
The yellow from Kyrenla? Well, you
are wise. They say it was my patron
St. Helena's favorite vintage when she
visitfd Cyprus, brjnging with her Dis
ma's cross."
"Are you then a Christian?" asked
the Prior. "I took you for a Paynlm."
"Were I not a Christian would I
visit this foggy land of- yours to trade
in wine?" answered the man, draw
ing aside the folds of his shawl and
revealing a silver crucifix upon his
broad breast. "I am a merchant of
Famagusta in Cyprus, Georgios by
name, and of the Greek church, which
you Westerners hold to be heretical.
But what think you of that wins,
holy Abbot?"
The prior smacked his lips.
"Friend Georgios, it Is indeed a
drink for the saints," he answered.
"Aye, and has been a drink for sin
ners «re now—for this is the very
liquor that Cleopatra, Queen of Egypt,
drank with her Roman lover. An
tony, of whom you, being a learned
man, may have heard. And you, sir
knight, what say you of the black
stuff—'Marvo,' we call it—not the
common, but that which has been
twenty years in cask?"
"I have tasted worse," said Wulf,
holding' out his horn to be filled again.
"Aye, -and will never taste better if
you live as long as the Wandering Jew.
Well, sirs, may I take your orders?
If you are wise you will make them
large, since no such chance is likely to
come your way again and that wine,
yellow or red, will keep a century."
Then the chaffering began and it
was long and keen—indeed, at one
time they had nearly left the place
without purchasing, but the merchant
Georgios called them back and offered
to come to their terms if they would
take double the quantity, so as to make
up a cartload between them, which he
said he would deliver before Chrustmaa
day. ' To this they consented at length
and departed homeward, made happy
by the gifts with which the chapman
clinched the bargain, after the Eastern
fashion. To the Prior he gave a roll
of worked silk to be used as an edging
to an altar cloth or banner, and to
Wulf ;a dagger handle, quaintly carved
In olive wood to the fashion of an
rampant lion. Wulf thanked him and
then asked him with a somewhat
shamed face if he had more embroidery
for sale, whereat the Prior smiled. The
quick-eyed Cypriote saw the smile and
inquired if it might be needed for a
lady's wear, at which some neighbors
present in the room laughed out
right.
"Do not laugh at me, gentlemen,"
said the Easterner; "for how can I,
a stranger, know this young knight's
affairs and whether he has mother, or
sisters, or wife, or lover? Well, here
are broideries fit for any of them."
Then bidding his servant bring a bale,
he opened it and began to show his
goods, which, Indeed, were very beauti
ful. In the end Wulf purchased a veil
of gauze-like silk worked with golden
stars as a Christmas gift for Rosa
mund.
Afterward, bethinking him that
even in such a matter he must take no
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALII
advantage of his brother, he added to
it a tunic embroidered with sold and
silver flowers such as he had never
seen—for they were Eastern SOHps
and anemones, which Godwin would
five her also if he wished. These
silks were costly, and Wulf turned to
the Prior to borrow money, but he had
no more upon him. Georgios said,
however, that it mattered nothing, as
he would take a guide from the town
and bring the wine in person, when
he could receive payment for the em
broideries, of which he hoped to sell
more to the ladies of the house.
He offered also to go with the Prior
and Wulf to where his ship lay in the
liver, and show them many more oth
er goods aboard of her, which, he ex
plained to them, were the property of
a company of Cyprian merchants who
had embarked upon this venture joint
ly with himself. This they declined,
however, as the darkness was not far
off; but Wulf added that he would
come after Christmas with his brother
to see the ship that had made so great
a voyage. Georgios replied that they
would be very welcome, but if he
could make shift to finish the repairs
to his rudder, he was anxious to sail
for London while the weather held
calm, for there he looked to sell the
bulk of his cargo. He added that he
had expected to spend Christmas at
that city, but their' helm having gone
vj] ong in the rougii weather, they were
driven past the mouth of the Thames,
and had they not drifted into that of
the Crouch, would, be thought, have
foundered. So he bade them farewell
for that time, but not before he had
arked and received the blessing of the
Prior.
Thus the pair of them departed, well
pleased with their purchases and the
Cypriote Georgios, whom they found a
\ery pleasant merchant. Prior John
stopped to eat at the hall that night,
when he and Wulf told of all their
dealings with this man. Sir Andrew
laughed at the story, showing them
how they had been persuaded by th«
Kasterner to buy a great deal more
wine than they needed, so that it was
he and not they who had the best of
the bargain. Then he went on to tell
tales of the rich island of Cyprus, where
he had landed many years before and
stayed awhile, and of the gorgeous
court of its Emperor and of its inhabit
ants. These were, he said, the cun
nlngest traders in the world—so cun
ning, indeed, that no Jew could over
match them; bold sailors, also, which
they had from the Phoenicians of Holy
Writ, who. with the Greeks, were their
forefathers, adding that what they told
him of this Georgios accorded well with
the character of that people.
Thus it came to pass that no suspi
cion of Georgios or his ship entered the
mind of any one of them, which, in
deed, was scarcely strange, -seeing how
well his tale held together and how
plain were the reasons of his presence
and the purpose of his dealings in
wines and silks.
CHAPTER VI.
The Yule Feast at Steeple.
The fourth day after Wulf's visit to
Southminster was Christmas morning,
and the weather being foul Sir Andrew
and'his household did not ride to Stan
gate, but attended mass in Steeple
Church. Here after service, according
to his custom on this day, he gave a
largesse to his tenants and villeins, and
with it his good wishes and a caution
that they should not become drunk at
their yuletlde feast, as was the com
mon habit of the time.
"We shall not get the chance," said
Wulf, as they walked to the hall,
"since the chapman Georgios has not
delivered the wine, of which I hops
to drink a cud to-night.".
"Perhaps he has sold it at a better
price to some one else; It would be
like a Cypriote," answered Sir An«
drew, smiling.
Then he went into the hall, and as
had been agreed between them, to
gether the brethren gave their Christ
mas gifts to Rosamund. She thanked
them prettily enough, and much ad
mired the beauty of the work, laugh
ing when they told her that It had
not yet been paid for, and saying that,
however it was come by, she would
wear both tunic and veil at their feast,
which was to be held at nightfall.
About 2 o'clock in the afternoon a
/
servant came into the hall to say that
a wain drawn by three horses and
accompanied by two men, one of
whom led the horses, was coming
down the road from Steeple village.
"Our merchant—and in time after
all," said. Wulf. and, followed by the
others, he went out to receive them.
Georgios It was sure enough, wrap
ped up In a great sheepskin coat such
as Cypriotes wear in winter, and seat
ed on the head of one of his own bar
rela
"Tour pardon, knights," he said as he
scrambled nimbly to the ground! "The
roads In this country are such thaf.
although I have left nearly half my
load at Stangate, it has taken me four
long hours to come from the Abb?y
here, most of which time we have spent
in mud-holes that have wearied the
horses and, as I fear, strained the bigoted."
wheels of this crazy wagon. Still, here
we are at last, and, noble sir," he add
ed, bowing to Sir Andrew, "here too
is the wine that your son bought of
me."
"My nephew," interrupted Sir An
drew.
"Once more your pardon. I thought
from their likeness to you that these
knights" were your sons."
"Has he bought all that stuff?" asked
Sir Andrew—for there were five tubs
on the wagon, besides one or two
smaller kegs and some packages wrap
ped In sheepskin.
"No, alas!" answered the Cypriote
ruefully, and shrugging his shoulders.
"Only two of them, Mavro. The rest
I took to the Abbey, for I' understood
the holy Prior to say that he would
purchase six casks, but it seems that
it was but three he needed."
"He said three," put in Wulf.
"Did he, sir? Then doubtless the
error was mine, who speak your tongue
but ill. So I must drag the rest back
again over the accursed roads," and
he made another grimace. "Yet I will
ask you, sir." he* added to Sir Andrew,
"to lighten the load a little by accept
ing this small keg of the old sweet
vintage that grows on the slopes of
Trooidos."
"I remember it well," said Sir An
drew, with a smile; "but, friend, I do
not wish to take "your wine for noth
ing."
At these words the face of Georgios
beamed.
"What, noble sir," he exclaimed, "do
you know my land of Cyprus? Oh, then
indeed I kiss your hands, and surely
you will not affront} me by refusing
this little present? Indeed, to be frank,
I can afford to lose its price, who have
done a good trade, even here in Es
sex."
"As you will," said Sir Andrew. "I
thank you, and perhaps you have oth
er things to sell."
"I have indeed a few embroideries if
this most gracious lady would be
pleased to look at them. Some carpets
also, such as the Moslems used to pray
on In the name of their false prophet,
Mahomet," and turning, he spat upon
the ground.
"I perceive you are a Christian,"
said Sir Andrew. "Yet, although I
fought against them, I have known
many a good Mussulman. Nor do I
think it necessary to spit at the name
of Mahomet, who to my mind was a
great man, deceived by the artifice
of Satan."
"Neither do I," said Godwin re
flectively. "It's true servants should
fight the enemies of the cross and pray
for their souls, not spit at them."
The merchant looked at them curi
ously, fingering the silver crucifix that
hung upon his breast. "The captors
of the Holy City thought otherwise,"
he said, "when they rode Into the
Mosque El Aksa up to their horses'
knees in blood and I have been taught
otherwise. But the times grow liberal,
and, after all, what right has a poor
trader whose mind, alas! is set more
on gain than on the sufferings of tha
blessed son of Mary," and he crossed
himself, "to form a judgment upon
such high matters? Pardon me, I ac
cept your reproof, who perhaps am
Yet, had they but known it, this
"reproof" was to save the life of many
a man that night.
"May I ask help with these pack
ages?" he went on, "as I cannot open
them here, and to move- the casks?
Nay, the little keg I will carry myself.
as I hope that you will taste of it at
your Christmas feast. It must be
gently handled, though I fear me that
ttfi&se roads of your will not improve
its quality." Then twisting it from
the end of the wain to his shoulder
in such a fashion that it remained up
right, he walked off lightly toward the
open door of the hall.
"For one not tall that man Is
strangely strong," thought Wulf, who
followed with a bale of carpets.
Then the other casks of wine were
stored away in the stone cellar be
neath the hall.
Leaving his servant, a silent, stupid
looking, dark-eyed fellow named Petros
-to bait the horses, Georgios entered
the hall and began to unpack his car
pets and embroideries with all the skill
of one who had been trained in the
bazaars of Cairo, Damascus, or Nicosia.
Beautiful things they were which he
had to show; broideries that dazzled
the eye and rugs of many hues yet soft
and bright as an otter's pelt. As Sir
Andrew looked at them, remembering
long dead days, his face softened.
"I will buy that rug," he said, "for
to a truth it might be one on which I
lay sick many years ago in the house
of Ayoub at Damascus. Nay, I haggle
not at the price. I will buy it." Then
he fell to thinking how, while lying on
such a rug (Indeed, although he knew
it not, it was the same), looking
through the rounded Beads of the
wooden lattice-work of his window, he
had first seen his Eastern wife walking
in the crange garden with her father
Ayoub. Afterward, still remembering
his youth, he began to talk of Cyprus,
and so time went on until the dark was
falling.
Now Georgios said that he must be
going, as he had sent back his guide
to Southminster, where the man de
sired to eat his Christmas feast. So the
reckoning was paid—it was a long one
—and while the horses were harnessed
to the wain the merchant bored holes
in the little cask of wine and set spigots
in them bidding them all to be sure
to drink thereof that night. Then call
ing down good fortune on them for
their kindness and liberality, he made
his salaams in the Eastern fashion,
and departed, accompanied by Wulf.
Within five minutes there was a
sound of shouting, and Wulf was back
again saying that the wheel of the wain
had broken at the first turn, so that
now It was lying upon its side In the
courtyard. Sir Andrew and Godwin
went out to see to the matter, and
there they found Georgios wringing
his hands, as only an Eastern mer
chant can, and cursing in some foreign
tongue.
"Noble knights," h- said, "what am I
to do? Already It is nearly dark, and
how I shall find my way up yonder
steep hill I know not. As for the price
less broideries, I suppose they must
stay here for the night, since that
wheel cannot be mended till to-mor
row "
"As you and your servant had best
do also," said Sir Andrew kindly.
"Come, man, do not grieve; we are used
to broken axles here in Essex, and you
and your servant may as well eat your
Christmas dinners at Steeple as in
Southminster."
"I thank you, Sir Knight; I thank
you. But why should I, who am but a
merchant, thrust myself upon your no
ble company? Let me stop outside with
my man, Petros, and dine wi»h your
servants in that barn, where I see they
are making ueady their food."
"By no means," answered Sir An
drew. "Leave your servant with my
people, who will look after him, and
come you into the hall, and tell me
some more of Cyprus till our Christ
mas meat is ready, which will be soon.
Fear not for your goods; they will be
placed under cover."
"All unworthy as I am, I obey," an
swered the polite Georgios. "Petros. do
you understand? This noble lord gives
us hospitality for the night. His serv
ants will show you where to eat and
sleep, and help you with your horses."
The man, who, he explained, was a
Cypriote—a fisherman in summer and
a muleteer in winter—bowed, and fix
ing his dark eyes upon those of his
master, spoke in some foreign tongue.
"You hear what he says, the silly fel
low?" said Georgios. "What? You
do not understand Greek—only Arabic?
Well, he asks me to give him money to
pay for his dinner and his night's lodg
ing. You must forgive him, for al
though he can speak your language,
he is but a simple peasant, and cannot
understand that any one may be lodged
and fed without payment. I will ex
plain to him, the pig!" And explain he
did in a shrill, high notes, of which no
one could understand a word. "There.
Sir Knight, I do not think he will of
fend you so again. Ah! look. He is
walk'ng Off—he is sulky. Well, let him
alone, he will be back for his dinner,
the pig! Oh, the wet and the wind! A
Cypriote does not mind them in his
sheepskins, in which he will sleep even
in the snow."
So, Georgios. still declaiming upon
the shortcomings of his. servant, they
went back into the hall. Here the
conversation soon turned upon other
matters, such as the differences be
tween the creeds of the Greek and
Latin churches—a subject upon which
he seemed to be an expert—and the
fear of the Christians in Cyprus lest
Saiadin should attempt to capture that
Island.
At length 5 o'clock came, and
Georgios having first been taken to the
lavatory—it was but a stone trough—
to wash his hands, was led to the din
ner, or rather to the supper table
which stood upon a dais in front of
the entrance to the solar. Here places
wtre laid for six—Sir Andrew, his
nephews, Rosamund, the chaplain,
Matthew, who celebrated masses In
the church and ate at the hall on
fedst days, and the Cypriote merchant.
Georgios himself. Below the dais and
between it and the fire was another
table, at which were already gathered
twelve guests, being the chief tenants
of Sir Andrew and the reeves of his
outlying lands. On most days the ser
vants of the house, with the hunts
men, swineherds and others sat at a
third table beyond the fire. But as
nothing could stop these from growing
drunk on good liquor at a feast, and
though many ladies thought little of
it. there was no sin that Rosamund
hated so much as this, now their tord
sent them to eat and drink at their
ease in . the barn, which stood in the
ccurtyard with Its back to the moat.
When all had taken their seats ths
chaplain said grace and the meal be
gan. It was rude but very plentiful.
First, borne in by the cook on a wooden
platter, came a great codfish, whereof
he helped portions to each in turn, lay
ing them on their "trenchers" —that is,
large slices of bread —whence they ate
them with the spoons that were given
to each. After the fish appeared the
meats, of which there were many
sorts, served on silver spits. These
included fowls, partridges, duck, and,
chief of all, a great swan, that the
tenants greeted by knocking their
horn mugs upon the table, after
which came the pastries and with
them the nuts and apples. For drink
ale was served at the lower table. On
this" dais, however, they drank some
of the black wine which Wulf had
brought—thas is, except Sir Andrew
and Rosamund, the former because
he dared not and the latter because
she had always hated any drink but
water—a dtelike that came to her.
doubtless, with her Eastern blood.
Thus they grew merry, for their
guest proved himself a cheerful fel
low, who told them many stories of
love and war, for he seemed to know
much of loves and to have been in
sundry wars. At these even Sir An
drew, forgetting his ailments and
forebodings, laughed, while Rosa
mund looked more beautiful than ever
in the gold-starred veil and the broid
ered tunic which the brethren had
given her, listened to them, smiling
somewhat absently. At last the feast
drew toward its end, when suddenly,
as though struck by a sudden recol
lection, Georgios exclaimed:
"The wine! The liquid amber from
Trooidos! I had forgotten it. Nobis
knight, have I your leave to draw?"
"Aye. excellent merchant." an
swered Sir Andrew. "Certainly you
can draw your own wine."
So Georgios arose and took a large
jug and a silver tankard from thesideboard where such things were dis
played. With these he went to the
little keg which, it will be remem
bered, had been stood ready upon the
•.trestles, and bending over it, while he
drew the spigots, filled the vessels to
fhe brim. Then he beckoned to a
reeve sitting at the lower table to
.bring him a leather jack that stood
upon the board. Having rinsed it out
with wine, he filled that also, handing
it with the jug to the reeve to drink
their lord's health on this Yule night.
'The silver vessel he bore back to the
high table and with his own hand
'filled the horn cups of all present,
• Rosamund alone excepted, for. she
would touch none, although he
'pressed her hfird and looked vexed at
. her 'refusal. Indeed, it was because
it. seemed to pain the man that Sir
Andrew, ever courteous, took a little
himself, although, when his back was
fumed, he filled the goblet up with
water. At lqpigth, when all was ready.
G.eorgics charged, or seemed to
eh; rge, his own hojn and, lifting it,
"Let us drink, every one of us here,
to the noble knight, Sir Andrew
d'Arcy, to whom I wish, in the phrase
•of my own people, that he may live
forever. Drink, friends, drink deep,
for never will wine such as this pass
your lips again." Then, lifting his
' beaker, he appeared to drain it in
Great gulps—an example which all
followed, even Sir Andrew drinking a
little from his cup, which was three
parts filled with water. Then fol
lowed a long murmur of satisfaction.
-Wine! It is nectar!" said Wulf.
. "Aye." put in the chaplain, Matthew;
Adam might have drunk this in the*
garden. ' while from the lower table
oame Jovial shouts of praise of this
smooth, creamlike vintage.
Certainly that wine was both rich
and strong. Thus, after his sup of it,
a veil seemed as it were to fall on the
mind of Sir Andrew and cover it up. It
.lifted again, and lo! his brain was full
of memories and foresights. -Jircum
stances which he had forgotten for
many years came back to him. al
together, like a crowd of children
tumbling out to play. These passed,
and he grew suddenly afraid. Yet
*hat had he to fear that night? The
gates across the moat were locked and
guarded. Trusty men, a score or more
of them, ate in his outbuildings with
in those gates; while others,, still more
trusted, sat in his hall; and on his right
hand and **n his left were those two
strong and valiant knights. Sir God
win and Sir Wulf. No, there was noth
ing to fear—and yet he felt afraid. Sud
denly he heard a voice speak. It was
Rosamund's; and she said:
"Why is there such silence, father?
A while ago I heard the servants ?nd
bondsmen carousing in the barn; now
they arc stiil as death. Oh. and look!
Are all here drunken? Godwin—"
But as she spoke Godwin's head fell
. forward on the board, while Wulf rose,
. half drew sword, then threw his
arm about the neck of the priest, and
sank with him to the ground. As it
was with these, so it seemed with all,
for folk rocked to and fro. then sank
to sleep, every one of them, save the
merchant Georgios, who rose to call
another toast.
"Stranger," said Sir Andrew, in a
heavy voice, "your wine is very
strong."
"It would seem so. Sir Knight," he
answered, "but I will wake them from,
their wassail." Springing from th*
dais lightly as a cat, he ran down the
hall, srying, "Air is what they need.
Air! ' Now, coming to the door he
threw it open, and. drawing a silver
whistle from his robe, blew it long
and loud. "What," he laughed, "do
they still sleep? Why, then, I must
give a toast that will rouse them all,"
and seizing a horn mug, he waved it
a,nd shouted:
"Arouse you, ye drunkards, and
drink to the Lady Rose of the World,
Princess of Baalbec, and niece to my
royal master, Yusuf Salah-ed-din, who
semis me to lead her to him!"
v° h ' father -" shrieked Rosamund,
the wine was drugged and we are
betrayed."
As the words passed her lips there
rosy the sound of running feet, and
through the open door of the far end
of the hall burst in a score of armed
men. Then at last Sir Andrew saw
and understood.
With a roar of rage like that of a
wounded lion, he seized his daughtei>
and dragged her back with him down
the passage into the solar, where a
Ire burned and lights had been lit
ready for their retiring, flinging to
and bolting the door behind them.
"Swift," he said, as he tore his gown
from him., "there is no escape, but at
least I can die fighting for you. Give
me my mail."
She snatched the hauberk from the
wall, and while they thundered at the
door, did it on to him—aye, and his
6ti i helm aiso, and gave him his long
sword and his shield.
"Now," he said, "help me." And
they thrust the oak table forward, and
overset It in front of the door, and
threw the chairs and stools on either
side, that men might stumble on them.
rhere Is a bow," he said, "and you
can use il as I have taught you. Get
to one side and out of reach of the
sword sweeps, and shoot past me as
tney rush: it may stay one of them.
Oh. that Godwin and Wulf were here
and we would still learn these Paynlm
;dogs a lesson!"
Rosamund made no answer but there
'came into her mind a vision of the
agony of Godwin and of Wulf should
they ever awake again to learn what
had chanced to her and them. She
looked around. Against the wall stood
a little desk, at which Godwin was
' wont write ' and on jt 'ay Pen and
parchnjent. She seized them, and as
the door gave slowly Inward,
sprawled:
"Follow me to Saladin. In that hope
I live on. Rosamund."
The.\ as the stout door at length
crashed inward she turned what she I
had written face downward on the
desk, and seizing the bow, set an ar
row on its string. Now it was down
and on rushed the mob up the six feet
of narrow passage. At the end of it
in front of the overturned table, they
halted suddenly. For theVe before
before them, skull-emblazoned, shield
on arm, his long sword lifted, and a
terrible wrath burning in his eyes,
stood the old knight, like a wulf at
bay, and by his side, bow in hand, the
beauteous Lady Rosamund, clad in
all her festal broideries.
"Yield you!" cried a voice. By way
of answer the bowstring twanged and
an arrow sped home to its feathers
through the throat of the speaker, so
that he went down, grabbing at it, and
spoke no more forever.
As he fell clattering to the floor, Sir
Andrew cried in a great voice:
"We yield not to pagan dogs and poi
soners. A d'Arcy! A d'Arcy! Meet
d'Arcy, meet Death!"
Thus for the last time did old Sir An
drew utter the warcry of his race,
which he had feared would never pass
his lips again. His prayer had been
heard, and he was to die as he had de
sired.
"Down with him and seize the Prin
cess!" said a voice. It was that of
Georgios, no longer humble with a
merchant's obsequious whine, but
speaking in tones of cold command and
In the Arabic tongue.
For a moment the swarthy mob hung
back, as well they might In face of that
glittering sword. Then With a cry of
"Saleh-ed-diri! Saleh-ed-din!" on they
surged, with flashing spears and scim
etars. The overthrown table was in
front of them, and one leaped upon its
edge, but as he leaped, the old knight,
all his years and sickness forgotten
now, sprang forward and struck down
ward, so heavy a blow that in the
darkling mouth of the passage the
sparks streamed out, and where the
Saracen's head had been appeared his
heels. Back Sir Andrew stepped again
to win space for his sword-play, while
round the ends of the table broke two
fierce-faced men. At one of them
Rosamund shot with her bow and the
arrow pierced his thigh, but as he fell
he struck with his keen scimetar and
shore the end off the bow, so that it
was useless. The second man caught
his foot In the bar of the oak chair,
which he did not see, and went down
prone, while Sir Andrew, taking no
heed of him, mshed with a shout at
the crowd who followed, and catching
their blows upon his shield, rained
down others so desperate that, being
hampered by their very number, they
gave before him, and staggered back
along the passage.
"Guard your right, father," cried
Rosamund. He sprang round, to see
the Saracen who had fallen, on his
feet again. At him he went, nor did
the man wait the onset, but turned to
fly, only to find a haven in the house
of Death, for the great sword caught
him between neck and shoulders. Now
a voice cried:
"We make poor sport with this old
lion, and lose men. Keep clear of his
claws, and whelm him with spear
casts."
But Rosamund, who understood their
tongue, sprang in front of him, and
answered in Arabic:
"Aye, through my breast; and go,
tell that tale to Salah-ed-din!"
Then clear and calm was heard the
command of Georgios. "He who harms
a hair of the Princess dies. Take them
both living if ye may, but lay no hand
on her. Stay, let us talk."
So they ceased from their onslaught
and began to consult together.
Rosamund touched her father and
pointed to the man who lay upon the
floor with an arrow through his thigh.
He was struggling to his knees, raising
the heavy scimetar in his hand. Sir
Andrew lifted his sword as a husband
man lifts a stick to kill a rat, then he
let it fall again, saying:
"I fight not the wounded. Drop that
steel, and get you back to your own
folk."
The fellow obeyed him—yes, and even
torched the floor with his forehead in
salaam as he crawled away, for he
knew that he had been given his life,
and that the deed was noble toward
him who had planned a coward's stroke.
Then Georgios stepped forward, no
longer the same Georgios who had sold
poisoned wine and Eastern embroid
eries, but a proud-looking, high-browed
Saracen, clad in the mall which he
wore beneath his merchant's robe, and
in place of the crucifix, wearing on his
breast a great star-shaped jewel, the
emblem of his house and rank.
"Sir Andrew," he said, "hearken to
me, I pray you. Noble was that act,"
and he pointed to the wounded mam bfe
ing drawn away by his fellows, "and
noble has been your defense—well
worthy of your lineage and your
knighthood. It is a tale that my mas
ter," and he bowed as he said the
word, "will love to hear If It pleases Al
lah that we return to him in safety.
Also you will think that I have played
a knave's trick upon_you, overcoming
the might of those gallant knights, Sir
Godwin and Sir Wulf, s»ot with sword
blows, but with drugged wine, and
treating all your servants in like fash
ion, since not one of them can shake
oft its fumes before to-morrow's light.
So indeed it Is —a very scurvy trick,
which I shall remember with shame to
my life's end, and that perchance may
yet fall back upon my head in blood
and vengeance. Yet bethink you how
we stand, and forgive us. We are but a
little company of men in your great
country, hidden, as it were, In a den
of lions, who, if they saw us, would
slay us without mercy. That, Indeed,
is a small thing, for what are our lives,
of which ycur sword has taken tithe.
Rnd not only yours, but those of the
twiii brethren on the quay by the
water?"
"I thought, it," broke in Sir Andrew,
contemptuously. "Indeed, the deed
was worthy of you—twenty or more
men against two."
Georgios held up his hand.
"Judge us not harshly," he said,
speaking slowly, who for his own
ends wished to gain time, "you who
have read the letter of our lord. See
you, these were my commands: To
secure the Lady Rose of the World as
best I might, but if possible without
bloodshed. Now I was reconnoitering
the country with a troop of the sail
ors from my ship, who are but poor
fighters, and a few of my own peo
ple, when thy spies brought me word
that she had ridden forth attended by
only twq men, and surely I thought
that already she was in my hands.
But the knights foiled me by strategy
and strength, and you know the end
of it. So afterward my messenger
presented the letter, which, indeed,
should have been done at first. The
letter failed also, for neither you, nor
the Princess"—and he bowed to
Rosamund—"could be bought. More,
the whole country was awakened;
you were surrounded with termed men;
the knightly brethren kept watch and
ward over you, and you were about
to fly to London, where it would have
been hard to snare you. Therefore,
because I must, I —who am a Prince
and Emir, who also, although you re
member it not. have crossed swords
with you in my youth; yes, at Ha
renc—became a dealer in drugged
wine.
"Now, hearken. Yield you, Sir An
drew, who,have done enough to make
your name a song for generations,
and accept thf love of Salah-ed-din,
whose word you have, the word that,
as you know well, cannot be broken,
which I, the Lord El-Hassan—for no
meaner man has been sent upon this
errand—plight to you afresh. Yield
you, and save your life, and live on in
honor, clinging to your own faith, till
Azrael takes you from the pleasant'
fields of Baalbec to the waters of
paradise—if such there be for infidels,
however gallant.
"For now this deed must be done.
Did we return without the Princess
Rose of the World we should die, every
one of us, and did we offer her harm
or insult, then more horribly than I can
tell you. This is no fancygof a great
King that drives him on tcr*the steal-
lngr of a woman, although she be of his
own high blood. The voice of God has
spoken to Salad-ed-din by the mouth
of his angel Sleep. Thrice has Allah
spoken in dreams, telling him who is
merciful, and through your daughter
and her nobleness alone can countless
lives be saved; therefore, sooner than
she should escape him, he would lose
even the half of his empire. Outwit us,
defeat us now, capture us, cause us to
be tortured and destroyed, and other
messengers would come to do his bid
ding—indeed, they are already on the
way. Moreover, it is useless to shed
more blood, seeing it is written in the
books that this lady. Rose of the
World, must -return to the East, where
she was begot, there to fulfill he,r des
tiny and save the lives of men."
"Then, Emir El-Hassan, I shall re
turn as a spirit," said Rosamund
proudly.
"Not so, Princess," he answered,
bowing, "for Allah alone has power
over your life, and It Is otherwise de
creed. Sir Andrew, the time grows
short, and I must fulfill my mission.
Will you take the peace of Salah-ed
din or force his servants to take your
life?"
The • old knight listened, resting on
his reddened sword; then he lifted his
head and sqoke:
"I am aged and near my death, wine
seller Georgios, or Prfnce El-Hassan,
whichever you may be. In my youth
I swore to make no pact with Paynims
and In my eld I will not break that
vow. When I can lift sword I will
defend my daughter, even against the
might of Salah-ed-din. Get to your
cowards' work again, and let things
go as God has willed them."
"Then, Princess," answered El-Has
san, "bear me witness throughout the
East that I am innocent of your fath
er's blood. On his own head be it, and
on yours," and for the second "time he
blew upon the whistle that hung
around his neck.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
CHAPTER \n.
The Banner of Suladin.
As the echoes of Hassan's whistle
died away there was a crash among
the wooden shutters of the window be
hind them, and down into the room
leaped a long, lithe figure, holding an
ax aloft. Before Sir Andrew could turn
to see whence came the sound, that
ax dealt him a fearful blow, between
the shoulders which, although the ring
ed mail remained unshorn, shattered
his spine beneath. Down he fell, rolled
on to his back, and lay there, still able
to speak, and without pain, but help
less as a child, for he was paralyzed,
and never more would move hand or
foot or bead.
In the silence that followed he spoke
in a heavy voice, letting his eyes rest
upon the man who had struck him
down.
"A knightly blow truly; one worthy
of a Christian born who does murder
for Paynim pay! Traitor to God and
man, who have eaten my bread and
now slaughter me like an ox on my
hearthstone, may your end be even
worse, and at the hands of those you
serve."
The palmer Nicholas, for it was he,
although he no longer wore the palm
er's robe, slunk away muttering, and
was lost among the crowd in the pas
sage. Then, with a sudden and a bit
ter cry, Rosamund swooped forward,
as a bird swoons, snatched up the
brand her sire would never lift again,
and setting its hilt upon the floor, cast
herself forward. But the point never
touched her breast, for swiftly sprang
the Emir and struck the steel aside;
then, as she fell, caught her in his
arms.
"Lady," he said, loosing her very
gently. "Allah does not need you yet.
I have told you that it is not fated.
Now will you pass me your word—for
being of the blood of Salah-ed-din and
d'Arcy, you, too, cannot He —that neith
er now nor afterward will you attempt
to harm yourself? If not. I must bind
you, which lam most loth to do—it Is
a sacrilege to which I pray you will not
force me."
"Promise. Rosamund," said the hol
low voice of her father, "and go to ful
fill your fate, for self-murder is a
crime, and the man Is right; it Is de
creed. I bid you promise."
"I promise," said Rosamund. "It is
your hour, my lord Hassan."
He bowed deeply and answered:
"I am satisfied and henceforth we are
your servants to obey. Princess, the
night air is bitter; you cannot travel
thus. In which chamber are your
garments?"
She pointed with her finger. A man
took a taper, and, accompanied by two
others, entered the place, to return
presently with their arms full of all the
apparel they could find. Indeed they
even brought her missal and the silver
crucifix that hung above her bed and
with it her leathern case of trinkets.
"Keep out the warmest cloak," said
Hassan, "and tie the rest up in those
carpets." -
So the rugs that Sir Andrew had
bought that day from the merchant
Georgios were made to serve as travel
ing bags to hold his daughter's gear.
Even in this hour of haste and danger
thought was taken for her comfort.
"Princess," said Hassan, bowing,
"my master, your uncle, sent you cer
tain Jewels of no mean value. Is it
your wish that they should accompany
you?"
Without lifting her eyes from her
dying father's face, Rosamund an
swered heavily:
"Where they are, there Ist them
bide. What have Ito do with Jewels?"
"Your will is my law," he said; "and
others will be found for you. Princess,
all is ready; we wait your pleasure."
"My pleasure? Oh, God, my pleas
ure!" exclaimed Rosamund in the same
drear voice, still staring at her father,
who lay before her on the ground.
"I cannot help it," said Hassan, an
swering the question in her eyes/ and
there was grief in his tone. "He would
not come, he brought it on himself,
though In truth I wish that accursed
Frank had not struck so shrewdly. If
you ask it, we will bear him with you;
but lady, it is idle to hide the truth
he is sped. I have studied medicine,
and I know." #
"Nay," said Sir Andrew from the
floor; "leave me nere. Daughter, we
must part awhile. As I stole his child
from Ayoub, so Ayoub's son steals my
child from me. Daughter, cling to the
faith—that we may meet again."
"To the death," she answered.
"Be comforted," said Hassan. "Has
not Salad-ed-din passed his word that
except her own will or that of Allah
should change her heart, a cross-wor
shiper she may live and die. Lady,
for your own sake as well as ours, let
this sad farewell be brief. Begone, my
servants, taking these dead and
wounded with you. There are things
it Is not fitting that common eyes
should see."
They obeyed, end thp three of them
remained alone together. Then Rosa
mund knelt down beside her father,
and they whispered into each other's
ears. Hassan turned his back upon
them, and threw the corner of his cloak
over his head and eyes that he might
neither see them nor hear their voices
in this dread and holy hour of parting.
It would seem that they found some
kind of hope and consolation In it—at
least when Rosamund kissed him for
the last time, Sir Andrew smiled and
said:
"Yea, yes; it may all be for the best.
God will guard you, and his will be
done. But I forgot- Tell me, daugh
ter, which?"
Again she whispered into his ear.
and when he had thought a moment he
answered:
."Maybe you are right. I think that
is wisest for all three. And now on all
three of you—aye, and on your chil
dren's children's children—let my bless
ing rest, as rest it shalL Come hither.
Emir."
Hassan heard him through his cloak,
and, uncovering, came.
"Say to Saladin, your master, that
he has been too strong for me, and naid
me back in my own coin. Well, had It
been otherwise, my daughter and I
must soon have parted, for death drew
near to me. At least it Is the decree of
God, to which I bow my head, trusting
there may be truth in that dream of
his, and that our sorrows, in some way
unforeseen, will bring blessings to our
brethren in the East. But to Saladin
say also that whatever his bigot faith
may teach, for Christian and for Pay
nim there is a meeting place beyond
the grave. Say that if aught of wrong
or insult is done toward this maiden
I swear by the God who made us both
that there I will hold him to account.
Now, since it must be so, take her and
go your'way, knowing that my spirit
follows after you and her; yes, and
that even In this world she will find
avengers."
"1 hear your words, and I will de
liver them," answered Hassan. "More,
I believe that they are true, and for
the rest you have the oath of Salah
ed-din—aye, and Tf oath while she is
in my charge. T.arefore, Sir Andrew
d'Arcy, forgivflr-us, who are but the
instruments/. Allah, and die in peace."
"I, .who have so much to be forgiven,
forgive you," answered the old knight
slowly.
Then his eyes fixed themselves upon
his daughter's face with one long
searching look and closed.
"I think that he is dead." said Has
san. "May God be merciful and com
passionate, rest his soul!" And tak
ing a white garment from the wall he
flung it over him, adding, "Lady,
come."
Thrice Rosamund looked at the
shrouded figure on the floor; once she
wrung her hands and seemed about to
fall. Then, as though a thought
struck her, she lifted her father's
sword from where It lay, and gather
ing her strength, drew herself up and
passed like a queen down the blood
stained passage and the steps of the
solar. In the hall beneath waited the
band of Hassan, who bowed as she
came—a vision of despairing loveli
ness, that held aloft a red and naked
sword. There, too, lay the drugged
men, fallen this way and that, and
among them Wulf across the table and
Godwin on the dais. Rosamund spoke.
"Are these dead or sleeping?"
"Have no fear," answered Hassan.
"By my hope of paradise, they do but
sleep and will awake ere morning."
Rosamund pointed to the renegade
Nicholas—he that had struck down
her father from behind, who, an evil
look upon his face, stood apart from
the Saracens, holding in his hand a
lighted torch.
"What does this man with the
torch?" she asked.
"If you would know, lady." he an
swered with a sneer, "I wait till you
be out of it to fire the hall."
"Prince Hassan," said Rosamund.
"Is tnis a deed that great Saladin would
wish, to burn drugged men beneath
their own roof? Now, as you shall
answer to him. In the name of Saladin,
I, a daughter of his house, command
yen, strike the fire from that man's
hand, and in my hearing give you or
der that none should even think of
such an act of shame."
"What?" broke in Nicholas, "and
leave knights such as these, whose
quality you know" —and he pointed to
the brethren—"to follow in our path
and take our lives in vengeance? Why,
It Is madness!"
"Are you master here, traitor, or am
I?" asked the Lord Hassan in cold
contempt. "Let them follow if they
will and I for one shall rejoice to meet
knights so brave in open battle and
there give them their revenge. All," he
added, addressing the man who had
been disguised as a merchant's under
ling and who had drugged the men in
the barn as his master had drugged
those In the hall, and opened the moat
gate to the band. "Ali, stamp upon the
torch and guard that Frank till we
reach the boat lest the fool should raise
the country on us with his fires. Now,
Princess, are you satisfied?"
"Aye, having your word," she an
swered. "One moment, I pray you. I
would leave a token to my knights."
Then, while they watched her with
wondering eyes, she unfastened the
gold cross and chain that hung upon
her bosom and slipping the cross from
the chain, went to where Godwin lay
and placed It on his breast. Next, with
a swift movement, she wound the chain
about the silver hilt of Sir Andrew's
sword and, passing to Wulf, with one
strong, swift thrust, drove the point
Into the wood of the table so that it
stood before him —at once a cross, a
brand of battle and a lady's token.
"His grandsire wore it," she said in
Arabic, "when he leaped on the walls
of Jerusalem. It Is my last gift to
him." But the Saracens muttered and
turned pale at . these words of evil
omen.
Then taking the hand of Hassan, who
stood watching her white, inscrutable
face, with never a word or a backward
look, .she swept down the length of the
long hall and out Into the night be
yond.
"It would have been well to take my
counsel and fire the place, or at least
to cut the throats of all within It,"
said the man Nicholas to his guard Ali
as they walked with the rest. "If I
know aught of these brethren, cross
and sword will soon be hard upon our
track and men's 'ives must pay the
price of such soft folly." And he
shivered as though in fear.
"It may be so, spy," answered the
Saracen, looking at him with som
ber, contemptuous eyes. "It may be
that your life will pay the price."
Wulf was dreaming, dreaming that
he stood on his head upon a wooden
board, as once he had seen a juggler
do, which turned round one way while
he turned round the other, till at
length some one shouted at him, and
he tumbled off the board and hurt
himself. Then he awoke to hear a
voice shouting surely enough—the
voice of Matthew, the chaplain of
Steeple Church.
"Awake!" said the voice. "In God's
name, I conjure you, awake!"
"What is it?" he said, lifting his
head sleepily, and becoming con
scious of a dull pain across his fore
head.
"It Is that death and the devil have
been here. Sir Wulf."
"Well, they are often near together.
But I thirst. Give me water."
A serving-woman, pallid, dishev
eled, heavy-eyed,* who was stumbling
to and fro, lighting torches and ta
pers, for it was still dark, brought it
to him in a leathern jack, from which
he drank deeply.
"That is better," he said. Then his
eye feJl upon the bloody sword fixed
point downward in the wood of the
table before him. and he exclaimed,
"Mother of God! what Is that? My
uncle's silver-hllted sword, red with
blood, and Rosamund's gold pin upon
the hilt! Priest, where is the Lady
Rosamund?"
"Gone," answered the chaplain in
a voice that sounded like a groan.
"The women woke and found her
gone, and Sir Andrey lies dead or
dying in the solar —but now I have
shriven him—and oh! we have all
been drugged. Look at them!" And
he waved his hand toward the re
cumbent forms. "I say that the devil
has been here."
Wulf sprang to his feet with an
oath.
"The devil! Ah! I have It now.
You mean the Cyprian chapman
Georgios. He who sold wine."
"He who sold drugged wine."
echoed the chaplain, "has stolen the
Lady Rosamund."
Then Wulf seemed to go mad.
"Stolen Rosamund over our sleeping
carcases! Stolen Rosamund with
never a blow struck by us to save her'
O Christ, that such a thing should
be! O Christ, that I should live to
hear it!" And he, the mighty man,
the knight of skill and strength,
broke down and wept like a yery
child. But not for long, for presently
he shouted in a voice of thunder:
"Awake, ye drunkards! Awake,
and learn what has chanced to us.
Tour lady Rosamund has been raped
away while we were lost in sleep!"
At the sound of that great voice a
tall form arose from' the floor and
staggered toward him, holding a gold
cross in its hand.
"What awful words are those I
heard you say, my brother?" asked
Godwin, who, pale and dull-eyed,
rocked to and fro before him. Then
he, too, saw the red sword and stared,
first at it and next at the gold eros/
in his hand. "My uncle's sword, Ros
amund's chain, Rosamund's cross!
Where, then, is Rosamund?"
"Gone! gone! gone!" cried Wulf.
"Tell him, priest."
So the chaplain told him all he
knew.
"Thus have we kept our oaths,"
went on Wulf. "Oh, what can we do
now, save die for very shame?"
"Nay," answered Godwin, dream
lngly; "we can live on to save hey.
See, these are her tokens—the cross
for me, the blood stained sword for
you and about its hilt the chain, a
symbol of her slavery. Now both of
us must bear the cross; both of us
must wield the sword, and both of'us
must cut the chain, or if we fail, then
die."
"You rave," said Wulf; "and little
wonder. Here, drink water. Would
that we had never touched aught else,
as she did, and desired that we should
do. What said you of my uncle,
priest? Dead, or only dying? Nay,
answer not. let us see. Come, broth
er." Then together they ran, or
reeled, torch in hand, along the pass
age.
Wulf saw the bloodstains on the
floor and laughed savagely.
"The old man made a good fight,"
he said, "while like drunken brutes,
we slept."
They were there, and before them,
beneath the white, shroud-llke cloak,
lay Sir Andrew, the steel helm on his
head and his face beneath it even
whiter than the cloak. At the sound
of their footsteps he opened his eyes.
"At length, at length," he muttered.
"Oh, how many years, have I waited
for you? Nay. be silent, for I do not
know how long my strength will last,
but li3ten—kneel down and listen."
So they knelt on either side of him
and in quick, fierce word he told them
all—of the drugging, of the fight, of
the long parley carried on to give the
palmer knave time to climb to the win
dow; of his cowardly blow, and of what
chanced afterward. Then his strength
seemed to fail him, but they poured
milk down his throat, and it came back
again.
"Take horse swiftly," he gasped,
pausing now and again to rest, "and
rouse the countryside. 'There is still a
chance. Nay, seven hours have gone
by; there is no chance. Their plans
were too well laid; by now they will
be at sea. So hear me. Go to Pales
tine. There is money for your faring
in my chest, but go alone, with no
company, for in time of peace these
would betray you. Godwin, draw off
this ring from my finger, and with it
as a token, find out Jebal, the black
sheik of the Mountain Tribe at Mas
yaf on Lebanon, and bid him remember
the vow- made to Andrew d'Arcy, the
English knight. If any can aid you, it
will be Jebal, who hates the houses of
Nur-ed-din and of Ayoub. So. I charge
you, let nothing—l say nothing—turn
you aside from seeking him.
"Afterward act as God will guide you.
If he still lives, kill that traitor Nicho
las and Hugh Lozelle, but, save in
open war, spare the Emir Hassan, who
did but do his duty as an Eastern
reads it, and has shown some mercy,
for he could have slain or burnt us all.
This riddle has been hard for m** yet
now, in my dying hour, I see Its an
swer. I think that Saladln did not
dream in vain. Keep brave hearts, for
I think also that at Masyaf yr>" will
find friends, and that things will go
well, and our sorrows bear *ood fruit."
"What is that you said? She left you
my father's sword, Wulf? Then wield
it bravely, winning honor for our name.
She left you the cross, Godwin? Wear
it worthily, winning glory for the Lord
and salvation to your soul. Remember
what you have sworn. Whate'er be
fall, bear no bitterness to one another
and be true to one another and to her,
your lady, so that when at last you
make your reports to me before high
heaven, I may have no cause to bo
ashamed of you, my nephews, Godwin
and Wulf."
For a moment he was silent, until hia
face lit up as with a great gladness
and he cried in a loud, clear voice,
"Beloved wife, I hear you! O God, I
come!"
Then, though his eyes stayed open
and the glad smile still rested upon hlsV
face, his jaw fell.
Thus died Sir Andrew d'Arcy.
Still kneeling on either side of him,
the brethren watched the end and, as
his spirit passed, bowed their heads In
prayer.
"We have seen a great death," said
Godwin presently. "Let us learn a les
son from it and when our time comes
we may die like him." >
"Aye," answered Wulf, springing to
his feet, "but first let us take venge
ance for it. Why, what Is this?
Rosamund's writing! Read it, God
win."
Godwin took the parchment and read:
"Follow me to Saladin. In that hope I
live on."
"Surely we will follow you, Rosa
mund," he cried aloud. "Follow you
through life to death or victory."
Then he threw down the paper and,
calling for the chaplain to come to
watch the body, they ran into the hall.
By this time about half of the folk
were awake from their drugged sleep,
while others who had been doctored by
the man Ali in the barn came stag
gering into the hall, wild-eyed, white
faced and holding their hands to their
heads and hearts. They were so
and bewildered, indeed, that it was
difficult to make them understand what
had chanced and when they learned
the >ruth the most of them could only
groan. Still a few were found strong
enough in wit and body to grope their
way through the darkness and the
falling snow to Stangate Abbey, to
Southminster and to the houses of
their neighbors, although of these there
were none near, praying that every
true man would arm and ride to help
them in the hunt. Also Wulf, cursing
the priest Matthew and himself that
he had not thought of It before, called
him from his prayers by his dead uncle
and charged him to climb the church
tower as swiftly as he could and set
light to the beacon that was laid ready
there.
Away he went, taking flint, steel
and tinder with him, and ten minutes
later the blaze was flaring furiously
above the roof of Steeple Church,
warning all men of the need of help.
Then they armed, saddled such horses
as they had, among them the three
that had been left there by the mer
chant GeorgMs, and gathered all of
them that were not too sick to ride or
run, in the courtyard of the hall. But
as yet their haste availed them little,
for the moon was down. Snow fell
also and the night was still black as
death —so black that a man could
scarcely see the hand he held before
his face. So they must wait, and wait
they did, eating their hearts out with
grief and rage and bathing their ach
ing brows in snow and ice cold water.
At length the dawn began to break,
and by its first gray light they saw
two men mounted and afoot feeling
their way through the snow, shouting
to each as they came to know what
dreadful thing had happened at
Steeple. Quickly the tidings spread
among them that Sir Andrew was
slain, the Lady Rosamund snatched
away by Paynims, while all who feast
ed In the place had been drugged withpoisoned wine by a man whom they
believed to be a merchant. So soon as
a baud was got together—perhaps
thirty men In all—and there was light
to stir by, they set out and began to
rch, though where to look they
knew not, for the snow had covered
up all traces of their foes.
"One thing is certain," said God
win, "they must have come by water."
"Aye," answered Wulf; "and landed
hard by, since, had they far to go
they would have taken the horses, and
must run the risk of losing their path
in the darkness. To the staithe! Let
us try Steeple Staithe!"
So on they went across the meadow
to the creek. It lay but three bow
shots distant. At first they could see
nothing, for the snow covered the
stones of the little pier, but presently
a man cried out that the lock of the
watpr-house, in which the brethren
kept their fishing boat, was broken,
and next minute, that the boat was
gone.
"She was small; she would hold but
six men," cried a voice. "So great a
company could never have crowded
into her."
"Fool!" one answered, "there may
have been other boats."
So they looked again, and beneath
the thin coating of rime, found a mark
in the mud by the Staithe, made by
the prow of a large boat, and not far
from it a hole in the earth into which
a peg had been driven to make her
fast. Now the thing seemed clear
enough, but it was to be made yet
clearer, for presently, even through the
driving snow, the quick eye of Wulf
caught sight of some glittering thing
which hung to the edge of a clump of
dead reeds. A man with a lance lifted
it out at his command, and gave It to
him.
"I thought so," he said in a heavy
voice; "it is a fragment of that star
wrought veil that was my Christmas
gift to Rosamund, and she has torn it
off and left it here to show us her road.
To St. Peter's-on-the-Wall! To St. Pe
ter's, 1 say, for there the boats or
ship must pass, and maybe that in the
darkness they have not yet won out
to sea."
So they turned their horses' heads,
and those of them that were mounted
rode for St. Peter's by the inland path
that runs through Steeple St. Lawrence
and Bradwell town, while those who
were not, started to search along the
Saltings and the river banks. On they
galloped through the falling snow, God
win and Wulf leading the way on their
horses, whilst behind them thundered
an ever-gathering train of knights,
squires and yeomen, who had seen the
beacon flare on Steeple tower, or
learned the tale from messengers—yes,
and even of monks from Stangate and
chapmen from Southminster.
Hard they rode, but the lanes were
heavy with fallen snow and mud be
neath, and the way was far, so thai an
hour had gone by before Bradwell was
left behind, and the shrine of St. Chad
lay but a half a mile in front. Now of
a sudden the snow ceased, and a strong
northerly wind springing up, drove the
thick mist before it and left the sky
bright and blue behind. Still riding in
this mist, they pressed on to where the
old tower loomed up in front of them,
then drew rein and waited.
"What is that?" said Godwin pres
ently, pointing to a great, dim thing
upon the vapor-hidden sea.
As he spoke a strong gust of wind
tore away the last veils of mist, reveal
ing the red face of the risen sun. and
not a hundred yards away from them—
for the tide was high—the tall masts
of a great galley creeping out to set
beneath her bank of oars. As they
stared the wind caught her, and upon
.he mainmast rose her bellying sail,
while a shout of laughter told them
that they themselves were seen. They
shook their swords in the madness of
their rage, well knowing who was
aboard that galley; while to the fore
peak ran up the yellow flag of Saladin,
streaming there like gold in the golden
sunlie-ht.
Nor was this all, for on the high
poop appeared the tall shape of Rosa
mund herself, and on one side of her,
clad now in coat of mail and turban,
the Emir Hassan, whom they had
known as the merchant Georgios. and
on the other, a stout man. also clad in
mail, who at that distance looked like
a Christian knight. Rosamund
stretched out her arms toward them.
Then suddenly she sprang forward as
though she would throw herself Into
the sea had not Hassan caught her by
the arm ahd held her back, while the
other man, who was watching, slipped
between her and the bulwark.
In his fury and despair Wulf drove
his horse Into the water till the waves
broke about his middle, and there, since
he could go no further, sat shaking
"Fear not! We follow! we follow!"
in such a voice of thunder that even
through the wind and across the ever
widening space of foam his words may
have reached the ship. At least Rosa
mund seemed to hear them, for she
tossed up her arms as though In token.
But Hafean, one hand pressed upon
his heart and the other upon his fore
head, only bowed thrice in courteous
fare well.
Then, the great Bail filled, the oars
were drawn In, and the vessel swept
swiftly across the dancing waves, till
at length she vanished, and they could
only see the sunlight playing on the
golden banner of Saladin which floated
from her truck.
CHAPTER vm.
The Widow Masouda.
Many months had gone by since the
brethren sat upon their horses that
winter morning, and from the shrine
of St. Peter's-on-the-Wall, at the
mouth of the Blackwater In Essex,
had watched with anguished hearts the
galley of Saladin sailing southward;
their love and cousin, Rosamund,
standing a prisoner on the deck. Hav
ing no ship in which to follow her—
and this, Indeed, it would have been
too late to do—they thanked those who
had come to aid them and returned
home to Steeple, where they had mat
ters to arrange. As they went they
gathered from this man and that tid
ings which made the whole tale clear
to them.
They learned, for Instance, then and
afterward, that the galley that had
been thought to be a merchantman had
put into the river Crouch by design,
feigning an injury to her rudder, and
that on Christmas eve she had moved
up with the tide and anchored in the
Blaofevater about three miles from its
mouth. Thence a great boat, which
she towed behind her, and
which was afterward found
abandoned, had rowed in the
dusk, keeping along the further
shore to avoid observation, to the
mouth of Steeple Creek, which she de
seended at dark, making fast to the
Staithe. unseen of any. Her crew of
thirty men or more, guided by the false
palmer Nicholas, next hid themselves
in the grove of trees about fifty yards
from the house, where traces of them
were found afterward, waiting for the
signal and, if that were necessary,
ready to attack and burn the hall while
all men feasted there. But it was not
necessary, since the cunning scheme
of the drugged wine, which only an
Eastern could have devised, succeeded.
So it happened that the only man they
had to meet in arms was one old
knight, of which doubtless they were
glad, as their numbers being few, they
wished to avoid a desperate battle,
wherein many must fall, and, if help
came, they might be destroyed to the
last man.
W hen all was over they led Rosa
mund to the boat, felt their way down
the creek, towing behind them the
little skiff which they had taken from
the water-house, laden with their dead
and wounded. This, as the brethren
learned afterward, proved the most
perilous part of their adventures,
since it was very dark and came on to
snow; twice they grounded upon mud
banks. Still guided by Nicholas, who
had studied the river, they reached
the galley before dawn and with the
first light weighed anchor and very
cautiously rowed out to sea. The rest
is known.
Two days later, since there was no
time to spare, Sir Andrew was buried
with great pomp at Stangate Abbey,
in the same tomb where lay the heart
of his brother, the father of the
brethren, who had fallen in the East
ern wars. After he had been laid to
rest amid much lamentation and in
the presence of a great concourse of
people, for the fame of these strange
happenings had traveled far and wide,
his will was opened. Then it was
found that with the exception of cer
tain sums of money left to his neph
ews, a legacy to Stangate Abbey and
another to be devoted to masses for
the repose of his soul, with some gifts
to his servants and the poor, all his
estate was devised to his daughter
Rosamund. The brethren, however,
or the survivor of them, held it in
trust on her behalf, with the charge
that they should keep watch and ward
over her and manage her lands till she
took a husband.
These lands, together with their own,
the brethren placed in the hands of
Prior John at Stangate, in the pres
ence of witnesses, to administer them
subject to the provisions of the will,
taking a tithe of the rents and profits
for his pains. The priceless jewels also
that had been sent by Saladin were
given into his keeping, and a receipt
with a list of the same signed in dupli
cate deposited with a clerk at South
minster. This, indeed, was necessary,
seeing that none save the brethren and
the Prior knew of these Jewels, of
which, being of so great a value, it
was not safe to speak. Their affairs
arranged, having first made their wills
in favor of each other with remainder
to their heirs-at-law, since it was
scarcely to he hoped that both of them
would return alive from such a quest,
they received the communion, and
with it his blessing from the hands of
Prior John. Then early one morning,
before any were astir, they rode quietly
away to London.
Or* the top of Steeple Hill, sending
forward the servant who led the mule
laden with their baggage—that same
mule which had been left by the spy
Nicholas—they turned their horses'
heads to look in farewell on their home.
There to the north of them lav the
Blackwater, and to the west the parish
of Mayland, toward which the laden
barges crept along the stream to
Steeple Creek. Below was the wide
flat outlined with trees, and in it.
marked by the plantation where the
Saracens had hid, the hall and church
of Steeple, the home in which they had
grown from childhood to youth, and
from youth to man's estate in the com
pany of the fair, lost Rosamund, who
was the love of both, and whom both
went forth to seek. That past was all
behind them, and in front a dark and
troublous future, of which they could
not read the mystery nor guess the end.
Would they ever look on Steeple Hall
again? Were they who stood there
about to match their strength and
cburage against all the might of Sala
din, doomed to fail or gloriously to suc
ceed?
Through the darkness that shrouded
their forward path shone one bright
star of love—but for which of them did
that star shine, or was it perchance for
neither? They knew not. How could
they know aught save that the venture
seemed very desperate. Indeed, the
few to whom they had spoken of it
thought them mad. Yet they remem
bered the last words of Sir Andrew,
bidding them keep a high heart, since
he believed that things would yet go
well. It seemed to them, in trust, that
they were not quite alone —as though
his brave spirit companioned them on
their search, guiding their feet, with
ghostly counsel which they could not
hear. They remembered also their
oaths to him, to one another, and to
Rosamund; and In silent token that
they would keep them to the death,
pressed each other's hands. Then turn
ing their horses southward, they rode
forward with light hearts, not caring
what befell, if only at the last, living
or dead, Rosamund and her father
should, in his own words, find no cause
to be ashamed of them.
Through the hot haze, of a July
morning a dromon, as certain merchant
vessels of that time were called, might
have been seen drifting before a light
breeze into St. Georges Bay at Beirut,
on the coast of Syria. Cyprus, whence
she had sailed last, was not a hundred
miles away, yet she had taken six days
to do the journey, not on account of
storms—of which there were none at
this time of year, but through lack of
wind to move her. Still, her captain
and the motley crowd of passengers—
for the most part Eastern merchants
and their servants, together with a
number of pilgrims of all nations —
thanked God for so prosperous a voy
age—for in those times he who crossed
the seas without shipwreck was very
fortunate. Among these passengers
were Godwin and Wulf, traveling, as
their uncle had bidden them, unattend
ed by squires or by servants. Upon the
ship they passed themselves off as
brothers named Peter and John of Lin
coln, a town of which they knew some
thing, having stayed there on their way
to the Scottish wars, simple gentlemen
of small estate, making a pilgrimage to
the Holy Land In penitence for their
sins and for the repose of the souls of
their father and mother. At this tale
their fellow passengers, with whom
they had sailed from Genoa, to which
place they traveled overland, shrugged
their shoulders. For these brethren
looked what they were, knights of high
degree; and considering their great
stature, long swords and the coats of
mail they always wore beneath their
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
gambesons, none believed them but
simple gentlefolk bent on a. pious er
rand. Indeed, they nicknamed them
Sir Peter and Sir John, and as such
they were known throughout the voy
age.
The brethren were seated together in
a little place; apart in the bow of the
ship, and engaged, Godwin in reading
from an Arabic translation of the Gos
pels made by some Egyptian monk, and
Wulf in following it with little ease in
the Latin version. Of the former
tongue, indeed, they had acquired much
in their youth, since they learned it
from Sir Andrew with Rosamund, al
though they could not talk it as she
did, had been taught to lisp it as an in
fant by her mother. Knowing that
much might hang upon a knowledge of
this to-ngue, they occupied their long
journey in studying it from such books
as they couid yet; also in speaking it
with a priest, who had I spent many
years In the East, and instructed them
for a fee, and with certain Syrian mer
chants and sailors.
"Shut the book, brother," said
Wuii; "there is Lebanon at last," and
he pointed to the great line of moun
tains .revealing themselves dimly
through their wrappings of mist.
"Glad I am to see tnem, who have
had enough of these crooked scrolls
and learnings."
"Aye," said Godwin; "the Promised
Land."
"And the Land of Promise for us,"
answered his brother. "Well, thank
God that the time has come to act,
though how we are to set about it is
more than I can .say."
"Doubtless time will show. As our
uncle bade, we will seek out this
Sheik Jebal—"
"Hush!" said Wulf, for just then
some merchants, and with them a
number of pilgrims, their travel-worn
faces full of rapture at the thought
that the terrors of the voyage were
done and they were about to set foot
upon the ground their Lord had trod
den, crowded "forward to the bow to
obtain their first view of it and there
burst into prayers and songs of
thanksgiving. Indeed, one of these
men—a trader known as Thomas of
Ipswich—was, they found, standing
close to them and seemed as though
he listened to their talk.
The brethren mingled with them
while this same Thomas of Ipswich,
who had visited the place before, or
so it seemed, pointed out the beauties
of the city, of the fertile country by
which it was surrounded and of the
distant cedar-clad mountains where,
as he said, Hiram, King of Tyre, had
cut the timber for Solomon's Temple.
"Have you been on them?" asked
Wulf.
"Aye, following my business," he
answered, "so far." And he showed
them a grejit snow-capped peak to
the north. "Few ever go farther."
"Why not?" asked Godwin.
"Because there begins the territory
of the Sheik Al-Jebal"—and he looked
at them meaningly—"whom," he add
ed, "neither Christian nor Saracen
visits without an invitation, which is
seldom given."
They inquired why not.
"Because," answered the trader,
Sill watching them, "most men love
leir lives, and that man*is the lord
of death and magic. Strange things
are to be seen in his casttle and about
its wonderful gardens, inhabited by
lovely women that are evil spirits, who
bring the souls of men to ruin. Also,
this old man of the mountain is a
great murderer, of whom even all the
princes of the East are terrified, for
he speaks a word to his fedais —or
servants —who are initiated, and they
go forth and bring to, death any w-hom
he hates. Young men, I like you well,
and I say to you, be warned. In this
Syria there are many wonders to be
seen; leave those of Masyaf and its
fearful lord alone if you desire to look
again upon the towns of Lincoln."
"Fear not; we will," answered God
win, "who come to seek holy places—
not haunts of devils."
"Of course, we will," added Wulf.
"Still, that country must be worth
traveling In." »
Then boats came out to greet them
from the shore—for at that time Bei
rut was in the hands of the Franks—
and in the shouting and confusion
which followed they saw no more of
this merchant, Thomas. Nor did they
seek him out again, since they thought
it unwise to show themselves too curi
ous about the Sheik Al-Jebal. Indeed,
it would have been useless, since he
was ashore two full hours before they
were suffered to leave the ship, from
which he departed alone in a private
boat.
At length they stood in the motley
Eastern crowd upon the quay, wonder
ing where they could find an inn that
was quiet and of cheap charges, since
they did not wish to be considered per
sons of wealth or importance. As they
lingered here, somewhat bewildered, a
tall, veiled woman whom they had
noted watching them drew near, ac
companied by a porter, who led a don
key. This man, without more ado,
seized their baggage, and helped by
other porters began to fasten It upon
the back of the donkey with great ra
pidity, and when they would have
forbidden him, pointed to the veiled wo
man.
"Your pardon," said Godwin to her
at length and speaking in French,
"but this man—"
"Loads up your baggage to take it to
my inn. It is cheap, quiet and com
fortable—things which I heard you say
you required just now, did I not?" she
answered in a sweet voice, also speak
ing in good French.
Godwin looked at Wulf, and Wulf at
Godwin, and they began to discuss to
gether what they should do. When
they had agreed that it seemed not
wise to trust themselves to the care of
a strange woman in this fashion, they
looked up to see the donkey laden with
their trunks being led away by the
porter.
"Too late to say nay, I fear me," said
the woman with a laugh, "so you must
be my guests awhilfe if you would not
lose your baggage. Come, after so long
a journey you need to wash and eat.
Follow me, sirs, I pray you."
Then she walked through the crowd,
which, they noted, parted for her as
she went, to a post where a fine mule
was tied. - Loosing it, she leaped to the
saddle without help and began to ride
away, looking back from time to time
to see that they were following her, as,
indeed, they must.
"Whither go we, I wonder," said
Godwin, as they trudged through the
sands of Beirut, with the hot sun strik
ing on their heads.
"Who can answer that question when
a strange woman leads?" replied Wulf
with a laugh.
At iast the woman on the mule turn
ed through a doorway in a wall of un
burnt brick and they found themselves
before the porch of a white, rambling
house which stood in a large garden
planted with mulberries, oranges, and
other fruit trees that were strange to
them and was situated on the borders
of the city.
Here the woman dismounted and
gave the mule to a Nubian who was
waiting. Then, with a quick move
ment, she unveiled herself and turned
toward them as though to show her
beauty. Beautiful she was, of that
there could be no doubt, with her
graceful, swaying shape, her dark and
liquid eyes, her rounded features and
strangely impassive countenance. She
was young also, perhaps twenty-five,
no more, and very fair-skinned for an
Eastern.
"My poor house is for pilgrims and
merchants,, not for famous knights;
yet, sirs, I welcome you to it," she said
presently, scanning them out of the
corners of her eyes.
"We are but squires in ouf own
country, who make the pilgrfmage,"
replied Godwin. "For what sum each
day will you give us board and a good
room to sleep in?"
"These strangers," she said in
Arabic to the porter, "do not speak
the truth."
"W hat is that to you?" he answered,
as he busied himself in loosening the
baggage. "They will pay their score,
and all sorts of mad folk come to this
country, pretending to be what they
are not. Also you sought them—why,
I know not —not they you."
"Mad or sane, they are proper men,"
said the impassive woman, aa though
to herself, then added in French,
"Sirs, I repeat, this is but a humble
place, scarce fit for knights like you,
but if you will honor it, the charge
is—so much."
"We are satisfied," said Godwin,
"especially," he added, with a bow and
removing the cap from his head, "as,
having brought us here without leave
asked, we are sure that you will treat
us who are strangers kindly."
"As kindly as you will —I mean as
you can pay for," said the woman.
"Nay, I will settle with the porter; he
would cheat you."
Then followed a wrangle five min
utes long between this curious, hand
some, still-faced woman and the por
ter, Who after the Eastern fashion
lashed himself Into a frenzy over the
sum she offered and at length began
to call her by ill names.
She stood looking at him quite un
moved, although Godwin, who under
stood all, but pretended to under
stand nothing, wondered at her pa
tience. Presently, however, in a per
fect foam of passion he said, or
rather spat out:
"Nb wonder, Masouda the Spy,
that after hiring me to do your evil
work you take the part of these
Christian dogs against a true believer,
you child of Al-Jebal!"
instantly the woman seemed to
stiffen like a snake about to strike.
• Who is he." she said coldly. "Do
you mean the lord—who kills?" And
she looked at him—a terrible look.
At that glance all the anger seemed
to go out of the man.
"Your pardon, Widow Masouda,"
In* said, "I forgot that you are a
Christian, and naturally side with
Christians. The money will not pay
me for the wear of my ass's hoofs,
but give it me, and let me go to pil
grims who will reward me better."
She gave him the sum, adding in
her (tuiat voice:
"Go; and if you love life keep bet
ter watch over your words."
Then he went, and now so humble
was his mien that in his dirty turban
and long, tattered robe he looked,
"Wulf thought, more like a bundle of
rags than a man mounted on the don
key's back. Also it came into his
mind that their strange hostess had
powers not possessed by innkeepers
in England. When she had watched
him through the gate Masouda
turned to them and said in French:
"Forgive me, but here in Beirut these
Saracen porters are extortionate, es
pecially toward us Christians. H§ was
deceived by your appearance. He*
thought that you were knights, not
simple pilgrims as you avow yourselves,
who happen to be dressed and armed
like knights beneath your gambesons;
and," she added, fixing her eyes upon
the line of white hair on Godwin's head
where the sword had struck him in the
fray on Death Creek Quay, "show the
wounds of knights, though it is true
that man might come by such In any
brawl in a tavern. Well, you are to
pay me a good price, and you shall
have ray best room while it pleases you
to honor me with your company. Ah!
your baggage. You do not wish to
leave it. Slave, come here."
With startling suddenness the Nu
bian who had led away the mule ap
peared, and took up some of the pack
ages. Then she led them down a pas
sage into a large, sparsely furnished
room with high windows, in which were
two beds laid on the cement floor, and
asked .them If it pleased them. They
said: "Yes; it will serve." Reading
what passed in their minds, she added:
"Have no fear for your baggage. Were
you as rich as you say you are poor,
and as noble as you say you are
humble, both it and you are safe in
the inn of the Widow Masouda, O my
guests—but how are you named?"
"Peter and John."
"O my guests, Peter and John, who
have come to visit the land of Peter
and John and other holy founders of
our faith."
"And hate been so fortunate as to be
captured on its shore by the Widow
Masouda," answered Godwin, bowing
again.
"Wait to speak of the fortune until
you have done with her, sir—is it Peter,
or John?" she replied, with something
like a smile upon her handsome face.
"Peter," answered Godwin. "Re
member the pilgrim with the line of
white hair is Peter."
"You need it to distinguish you apart,
who, I suppose, are twins. Let me see
—Peter has a line of white hair and
gray eyes. John has blue eyes. John
also is the greater warrior, if a pilgrim
can be a warrior—look at his muscles;
but Peter thinks the more. It would
be hard for a woman to choose between
Peter and John, who must both of
them be hungry, so I go to prepare
their food."
"A strange hostess," said Wulf,
laughing, when she had left the room;
"but I like her, though she netted as
so finely. I wonder why? What is
more. Brother Godwin, she likes you,
which is as well, since she may be use
ful. But, Friend Peter, do not let it
go too far, since I think also that she
may be dangerous, as that porter
thought. Remember, he called her a
spy, and like enough she is one."
Godwin turned to reprove him, when
the voice of the Widow Masouda was
heard without saying:
"Brothers Peter and John, I forgot to
caution you to speak low In this house,
as there is lattice work over the doors
to let in the air. Do not be afraid. I
only heard the voice of John, not what
he said." . .
"I hope not," muttered Wulf, and this
time he spoke very low indeed.
Then they undid their baggage, and
having taken from it clean garments,
washed themselves after their long
journey with the water that had been
placed ready for them in great jars.
This, indeed, they needed, for on that
crowded dromon there was little chance
of washing. By the time they had
clothed themselves afresh, putting on
their shirts of mail beneath their tun
ics, the Nubian came and led them to
another room, large and lighted with
high-set lattices, where cushions were
piled upon the floor round a rug that
also was laid upon the floor. Motioning
them to be seated on the cushions, he
went away, to return again presently,
accompanied by Masouda bearing
dishes upon brass platters. These she
piaced before them, bidding them eat.
What that food was they did not know,
because of the sauces with which it had
covered, until she told them that
it was fish. After the fish came flesh,
and after the flesh fowls, and after the
fowls cakes and sweetmeats and fruits,
until, ravenous as they were, who for
days had fed upon salted pork and
biscuits full of worms washed down
with bad water, they were forced to
beg her to bring no more.
"Drink another cup of wine at least,"
she said, smiling and filling their mugs
with the sweet vintage of Lebanon
tor it seemed to please her to see them
eat so heartily of her fare.
They obeyed, mixing the wine with
water. While they drank she asked
them suddenly what were their plans,
and how long they wished to stay in
Beirut. They answered that for the
next few days,they had none, as they
needed to rest, to see the town and its
neighborhood, and to buy good horses —
a matter in which perhaps she could
help them, Masouda nodded again, and
asked whither they wished to ride on
horses.
"Out yonder," said Wulf, waving his
hands toward the mountains. "We de
sire to look upon the cedars of Lebanon
and its great hills before we go on to
ward Jerusalem."
"Cedars of Lebanon?" she replied.
"That is scarcely safe for two men
alone, for in those mountains are many
wild beasts and- wild people who rob
and kill. Moreover, the lord of those
mountains has just now a quarrel with
the Christians, and Would take any
whom he found prisoners."
"How is that lord named?" asked
Godwin.
"Sinan," she answered, and they not
ed that she looked round quickly as
she spoke the word.
"Oh," he said, "we thought the name
was Jebal."
Now she stared at him with wide,
wondering eyes, and replied:
"He is so called also; but, Sir Pil
grims, what know you of the dread
lord Al-Jebal?"
"Only that he lives at a place called
Masyaf, which we wish to visit."
Again she stared.
"Are you mad?" she queried, then
checked herself, and clapped her hands
for the slave to remove the dishes.
While this was being done they said
they would like to walk abroad.
"Good," answered Masouda; "the
man shall accompany you—nay, it is
best that you do not go alone, as you
might lose your way. Also, the place
is not always safe for strangers, how
ever humble they may seem," she
added with meaning. "Would you wish
to visit the Governor at the castle,
where there are a few English knights,
also some priests who give advice to
pilgrims?" •
"We think not," answered Godwin;
"we are not worthy of such high com
pany. But, lady, why do you look at
us so strangely?"
"I am wondering, Sir Peter and Sir
John, why you think it worth while
to tell lies to a poor widow? Say, in
your own country did you ever hear
of certain twin brethren named—oh,
how r are they named? —Sir Godwin and
Sir Wulf of the house of D'Arcy, which
has been told of in this land?"
New Godwin's jaw dropped, but Wulf
laughed out loud, and seeing that they
were alone in the room, for the slave
had departed, asked in his turn:
"Surely those twins would be pleased
to find themselves so famous. But how
did you chance to hear of them, O
widowed hostess of a Syrian inn?"
"I? Oh, from a man on the dromo
who called here while I made ready
your food, and told me a strange story
that he had learned in England of a
band sent by §alah-ed-din —may his
name be accursed! —to capture a cer
tain lady. Of how the brethren named
Godwin and Wulf fought all that band
also —aye, and held them off—a very
knightly deed he said it was—while the
lady escaped; and of how afterward
they were taken in a snare, as those
are apt to be who deal with the Sultan,
and this time the lady was snatched
away."
"A wild tale truly." said Godwin.
"But did this man tell you further
whether.that lady chanced to come to
Palestine?"
She shook her head.
"Of that he told, me nothing, and I
have heard nothing. Now listen, my
guests. You think It strange that I
should know so much, but it is not
strange, since here In Syria, knowledge
is the business of some of us. Did
you then believe, oh foolish children,
that two knights like you, who have
played a part In a very great story,
whereof already whlspe* run through
out the East, could travel by land and
sea and not be known. Did you then
think that none were left behind to
watch your movements and make re
port of them to that mighty one who
sent out the ship of war, charged with
a certain mission? Well, what he
knows I know. Have I not said it is
my business to know? Now why do I
tell you this? Well, perhaps because I
like such knights as you are, and I
like that tale of two men who stood
side by side upon a pier, while a wom
an swam the stream behind them, and
afterward, sore wounded, charged their
way through a host pf foes. In the
East we love such deeds of chivalry.
Perhaps also I would warn you not to
throw away lives so gallant by at
tempting to win through the guarded
gates of Damascus upon the maddest
of all quests."
"What, you still stare at me and
doubt? Good, I have been telling you
lies. I was not awaiting you upon the
quay, and that porter with whom I
seemed to quarrel was not charged to
seize your baggage and bring it to my
house. No spies watched your move
ments from England to Beirut. Only
since you have been at dinner I visited
your room and read some writings
which, foolishly, you have.left among
your baggage, and opened some books
In which other names than Peter and
John were written, and drew a great
sword from its scabbard on which was
engraved a motto: 'Meet D'Arcy, meet
Death!' and heard Peter call John
Wulf, and John call Peter Godwin, and
so forth." *
'.'lt seems," said Wulf in English,
"that we are flies in a web, and that
the spider is called the Widow Ma
souda, though of what use we are to
her I know not. Now, brother, what
is to be done? Make friends with the
spider?"
"An ill ally," answered Godwin. Then
looking her straight in the face he
asked: "Hostess, who knows so much,
tell me, why, among other names,
did the donkey driver call you "Child
of Al-Jebal'?"
She started, and answered:
"So you understand Arabic? 1
thought it. Why do you ask? Whit
does it matter to you?"
"Not much except, as we are going to
visit Al-Jebal, of course we think our
selves fortunate to have met his daugh
ter."
"Going to visit Al-Jebal? Yes, you
hinted as much upon the ship, did you
not? Perhaps that is why 1 came to
meet you. Well, your throats will be
cut before ever you reach the first of
his castles."
"I think not," said Godwin, and, put
ting his hand into his breast, he drew
thence a ring, with which he began to
piay carelessly.
"Whence did you get that ring?" she
said with fear and Yonder in her eyes.
"It is " and she ceased.
"Prom one to whom it was given and
who has charged us with a message.
Now, hostess, let us be plain with one
another. You know a great deal about
us, but although it has suited us to
call ourselves the pilgrims Peter and
John, in all this there is nothing of
which we need be ashamed, especially
as you say that our secret is no se
cret, which I can well believe. Now,
this secret being out, I propose that we
remove ourselves from your roof, and
go to stay with our own people at
the castle, where I doubt not we shall
be welcome, telling them that we would
bide no longer with one who is called a
spy, whom we have discovered also to
be a 'daughter of Al-Jebal.' After
which, perhaps, you will bide no longer
in Beirut, where, as we gather, spies
and the 'daughters of Al-Jebal' are not
welcome."
She listened with an impassive face,
and answered:
"Doubtless you will have heard that
one of us who was so named was
burned here recently as a witch?"
"Yes," broke in Wulf, who now
learned this fact for the first time; "we
heard that."
"And think to bring a like fate upon
me. Why, foolish man, I can lay you
both dead before ever those words pats
your lips."
"You think you can," said Godwin;
"but for my part I am sure that this
is not fated, and am sure also that you
do not wish to harm us any more than
we wish to harm you. To be plain,
then, it is necessary for us to visa
Al-Jebal. As chance has brought us
together—if it be chance—will you aid
us in this, as I think you can, or must
we seek other help?"
"I do not know. I will tell you after
four days. If you are not satisfied
with that, go, denounce me, do your
worst, and I will do mine, for which
1 should be sorry."
"Where is the security that you will
not do it if we are satisfied?" asked
Wulf bluntly.
"You must take the word of a
'daughter of Al-Jebal.' I have none
other to offer," she replied.
"That may mean death," said Wulf.
"You said just now that was not
fated, and although I have sought your
company for my own reasons, I have
no quarrel with you—as yet. Choose
your own path. Still, I tell you that if
you go, who, chancing to know Arabic,
have learned my secret, you die, and
that if you stay you are safe —at least
while you are in this house. I swear it
bn the token of Al-Jebal," and bending
.forward she touched the ring in God
win's hand; "but remember that for
the future I cannot answer."
Godwin and Wulf looked at each
other. Then Godwin replied:
"I think that we will trust you, and
stay," words at which she smiled a lit
tle as though she were pleased, then
said:
"Now, if you wish to walk abroad,
guests Peter and John, I will summon
the slave to guide you, and in four
days we will talk more of this matter
of your journey, which, until then, had
best be forgotten."
So the man came, armed with a
sword, and led them out, clad in their
pilgrims' robes, through the streets of
this eastern town, and where every
thing was so strange that for a while
they forgot their troubles in studying
the new life about them. They noted,
moreover, that though they went into
quarters where no Franks were to be
seen, and where fierce-looking servants
of the prophet stared at them sourly,
the presence of this slave of Masouda
seemed sufficient to protect them from
affront, since on seeing him even the
turbaned Saracens nudged each other
and turned aside. In due course they
came to the inn again, having met no
one whom they knew, except two pil
grims who had been their fellow-pas
sengers on the dromon. These men
were astonished when they said they
had been through the Saracen quarter
of the city, where, although this town
was in the hands of the Christians, it
was scarcely thought safe for Franks
to venture without a strong guard.
When the brethren were back in their
chamber, seated in the far corner of it,
and speaking very low, lest they should
be overheard, they consulted together
long and earnestly as to what they
should do. This was clear—they .and
something of their mission were known,
and doubtless notice of their coming
would soon be given to the Sultan Sa
ladin. From the King and great lords
in Jerusalem they could expect little
help, since to give it might be to bring
about an open rupture with Saladin,
such as the Franks dreaded, and for
which they were ill-prepared. Indeed,
if they went to them, it seemed likely
that they would be prevented from
stirring in this dangerous starch for a
woman who was the niece of Saladin,
and for aught they knew thrown into
prison, or shipped back to Europe.
True, they might try to And their way
to Damascus alone, but if the Sultan
was warned of their coming, would he
not cause them to be killed upon the
road, or cast into some dungeon where
they would languish out their .lives?
The more they spoke of these matters
the more they were perplexed, till at
length Godwin said:
"Brother, our uncle bade us earnestly
to seek out this Al-Jebal, and though
it seems that to do so is very danger
ous, I think that we had best obey him
who may have been given foresight at
the last. When all paths are full of
thorns what matter which you tread?"
"A good saying," answered Wulf. "I
am weary of doubts and troublings.
Let us follow our uncle's rede, and visitthis Old Mnn of the Mountains, to do
which 1 think the Widow Masouda is
the woman to help us. If we die on
that journey, well, at least we shall
have done our best."
CHAPTER IX.
The Horses Flame and Smoke.
On the following morning when they
came into the eating-room of the inn
Godwin and Wulf found they were no
longer alone in the house, for sundry
other guests sat there partaking of
their morning meal. Among them were
a grave merchant from Damascus, an
other from Alexandria in Egypt, a man
who seemed to be an Arab chief, a Jew
of Jerusalem, and none other than the
English trader Thomas of Ipswich,
their fellow passenger, who greeted
them warmly. Truly they were a
strange and motley set of men. Con
sidering them as the young and stately
Widow Aiasouda moved from one to the
other, talking to each in turn while she
attended to their wants, it came into
Godwin's mind that they might be spies
meeting there to gain or exchange in
formation,- or even to make report to
their hostess, in whose pay perhaps
they were. Still if so, of this they
showed no sign, speaking for the most
part in French, which all of them un
derstood, on general matters, such as
the heat of the weather, the price of
transport animals or merchandise, and
the, cities w hither they purposed to
travel.
The trader Thomas, it seemed, had
intended to start for Jerusalem that
morning with his goods. But the rid
ing mule he had' bought proved to be
lame from a_prick in the hoof, nor were
all his hired camels come down from
the mountains, so that he must wait a
few days or so, he said. Under these
circumstances he offered the brethren
his company in their ramblings about
the town. This they thought it wise
not to refuse, although they felt little
confidence in the man, believing that it
was he who had found out their story
and true names and revealed them to
Masouda, either through talkativeness
or with a purpose.
However these things might be, this
Thomas proved of service to them,
since, although he was but just landed,
he seemed to know all that had passed
in Syria since he left it and all that
was passing then. Thus he told them
how Guy of Lusignan had just made
himself King of Jerusalem on the death
of tne child Baldwin, and how Ray
mond of Tripoli refused to acknowledge
him and was about to be besieged in
Tiberias. How Saladin also was gath
ering a great host at Damascus to
make war upon the Christians, and
many other things, false and true.
In his company, then, and sometimes
in that of the other guests—none of
whom showed any curiosity concerning
them, though whether this was from
good manners or from other reasons
they could not be sure—the brethren
passed the hours profitably enough.
It was on the third morning of their
stay that their hostess, Masouda, with
whom as yet they had no further pri
vate talk, asked them that if they had
not said that they wished to buy horses.
On their answering "Yes," she added
that she had told a certain man to
bring two for them to look at, which
were now in the stable beyond the
garden. Thither they went, accom
panied by Masouda, to find a grave
Arab, wrapped in a garment of camel's
hair and • a spear in his hand,
standing at the uoor of the cave which,
as is common i - the East where the
heat is so great, served the purpose of
a Hiable. As they advanced toward him
Masouda said:
"If you like the horses, leave me to
bargain, and seem to understand noth
ing of my talk."
The Arab, who took no notice of them,
saluted Masouda and said to her in
Arabic:
"Is it then for Franks that I have
been ordered to bring the two priceless
ones?"
"What is that to you, my uncle, Son
of the Sand?" she asked. "Let them
be led forth that I may know whether
they are those for which I sent."
The man turned and called through
the door of the cave.
"Flame, come hither!" As he spoke,
there was a sound of hoofs, and through
the low archway leapt the most beau
tiful horse that ever their eyes had
seen. It was gray in color, with flow
ing mane and tail, and on its forehead
was a black star; nor over tall, but
with a barrel-like shape of great
strength, small-headed, large-eyed,
wide-nostriled large-boned, but fine be
neath the knee, and round-hoofed. Out
it sprang, snorting; then seeing its
master, the Arab, checked itself and
stood still by him as though it had
been turned to stone.
"Come hither, Smoke," called the
Arfab again, and another horse ap
peared and ranged itself by the first.
In size and shape it was the same, but
the color was coal-black and Jhe star
upon its forehead white. Also the eye
was more fiery.
"These are the horses," said the
Arab, Masouda translating. "They are
twins, 7 years old and never backed un
til they were 6, cast at a birth by the
swiftest mare in Syria, and of a pedi
gree that can be counted for a hundred
' years."
"Horses indeed!" said Wulf. "Horses
Indeed! But what is the price of
them?"
Masouda repeated the question In
Arabic, whereon the man replied in
the same tongue with a slight shrug
of the shoulders.
"Be not foolish. You know this is
no question of price, for tney are be
| ycnd price. Say what you will."
| "He says," said Masouda, "that it is
' a hundred gold pieces for the pair.
Can you pay as much?"
The brethren" looked at each other.
The sum was large.
"Such horses have saved men's lives
ere now," added Masouda, "and I do
not think that I can ask him to take
less, seeing that did he but know It, in
Jerusalem they could be sold for thrice
as much. But if you wish, I could lend
you money, since doubtless you have
Jewels or other articles of value you
could give as security—that ring in
your breast, for Instance, Peter."
"We have the gold itself," answered
Wulf, who would have paid to his last
piece for those horses
"They buy," said Masouda.
"They buy, but can they ride?"
- asked the Arab. "These horses are not
for children or pilgrims. Unless they
can ride well they shall not have them
—no, not even if you ask it of me."
Godwin said that he thought so—at
least, they would try- Then the Arab,
leaving the horses standing there, went
into the stable, and with the help of
two of the Inn servants brought out
bridles and saddles unlike any they
had seen. They were but thickly-quilt
ed pads stretching far back upon the
horses' loins, with strong hide girths
strapped with wool and chased stirrups
fashioned like half hoofs. The bits also
were only snaffles without curbs.
When all was ready and the stirrups
had been let down to the length they
desired, the Arab motioned to them to
mount. As they prepared to do so,
however, he spoke some word, an* sud
denly those meek, quiet horses were
turned into two devils, which reared
up on their hind legs and threatened
them with their teeth and witht their
front hoofs, that were shod with thin
plates of iron. Godwin stood wonder
ing, but Wulf, who was angry at the
trick, got behind the horses, and,watch
ing his chance, put his hands upon the
flanks of the stallion named Smoke,
and with one spring leapt into the sad
dle. Masouda smiled, and even the
Arab muttered "Good," while Smoke,
feeling himself backed, came to the
ground again and became quiet as a
sheep. Then the Arab spoke to the
horse Flame, and Godwin was allowed
to vault into the saddle also.
"Where shall we go?" he asked.
Masouda said that they would show
them, and, accompanied by her and the
Arab, they walked the horses until they
were quiet clear of the town, to And
themselves on a road that had Jhe sea
to the left, and to the right a stretch of
tiat land, some of it cultivated, above
which rose the steep and stony sides of
hills. Here on this road they trotted
and cantered the horses to and fro, tiil
they began to be at home in their
strange saddles, who from child
hood had ridden barebacked in the
Essex marches, and to learn what
pressure on the bit was needed
to check or turn them. When
they came back to where the pair
stood, Masouda said that if they were
not afraid the seller wished to show
them that the horses were both strong
"We fear no ride that he dares to
take himself," answered Wulf angrily,
whereupon the Arab smiled grimly
and said something in a low voice to
Masouda. Then, placing his hand
upon Smoke's flank, he leaped up be
hind Wulf, .the horse never stirring.
"Say, Peter, are you minded to take
a companion for this ride?" asked
Masouda, and as she spoke a strange
look came into her eyes, a wild look
that was new to the brethren.
"Surely," answered Godwin, "but
where is the companion?"
Her reply was to do as the Arab
had done, and seating herself straddle
legged behind Godwin to clasp him
around the middle.
"Truly you look a pretty pilgrim
now, brother," said Wulf, laughing
aloud, while even the grave Arab
smiled and Godwin muttered between
his teeth the old proverb. "Woman on
croup, devil on bow." But aloud he
said, "I am indeed honored; yet,
friend Masouda, if harm should come
of this, do not blame me."
"No harm will come —to you, friend
Peter, and I had been so long cooped
in an inn that L who am desert born,
wish for a gallop on the mountains
with a good horse beneath me and a
brave knight in front, listen, you
brethren; you say you do not fear;
then leave your bridles loose and
where'er we go and whate'er we meet
seek not to check *or turn the horses
Flame and Smoke. Now, Son of the
Sand, we will test these nags of which
you sing so loud a song. Away, and
let the ride be fast and far!"
"On your head be it then, daughter,"
answered the old Arab. "Pray Allah
that these Franks can sit a horse!"
Then his somber eyes seemed to take
fire, and gripping the encircling saddle
girth, he uttered some words of com
mand, at which the stallions threw up
their beads and began to move at a
long, swinging gallop toward the
mountains a mile away. At first they
went over cultivated land off which the
crops had already been cut, striking
two or three ditches and a low wall in
their stride so smoothly that the breth
ren felt as though they were seated
upon swallows. Then came a space of
sandy i3ward, half a mile or more,
where their pace quickened, after which
they began to breast the long slope of
a hill, picking *their way among the
stones like cats. Ever steeper It grew
till in places it was go sheer that God
win must clutch the mane of Flame
and Masouda must cling close to God
win's middle to save themselves from
slipping off behind. Yet, notwithstand
ing the double weights they bore, those
gallant steeds never seemed to falter
or to tire. At one spot they plunged
through a mountain stream. Godwin
noted that not fifty yards to their
right this stream fell over a little prec
ipice .cutting its way between cliffs
which were full eighteen feet from
bank to bank, and thought to himself
that had they struck it lower down that
ride must have ended. Beyond the
stream lay a hundred yards or so of
level ground, and above It still steeper
country, up which they pushed their
way through bushes, till at length they
came to the top of the mountain and
saw the plain they had left lying two
miles or more below them.
"These horses climb hills like goats,"
Wulf said; "but one thing is certain,
we must lead them down."
Now on the top of the mountain was
a stretch of land almost flat and stone
less, over which they cantered forward,
gathering: speed as the horses recovered
their wind till the pace grew fast. Sud
denly the stallions threw themselves on
to their haunches and stopped, as well
they might, for they were on the verge
of a chasm, at whose far foot a river
brawled in white foam. For a moment
they stood; then, at some word from
the Arab, wheeled round, and, bearing
to the left, began to gallop back across
the tableland, until they aproached
the edge of the mountain side, where
the brethren thought they would stop.
But Masouda cried to the Arab, and
the Arab cried to the horses, and Wulf
cried to Godwin In the English tongue:
"Show no fear, brother. Where they
go. we can go."
"Pray God that the girths may hold,"
answered Godwin, leaning back against
the breast of Masouda behind him. As
ho spoke they began to descend the hill,
slowly at first, afterward faster v and
yet more fast, till they rushed down
ward like a whirlwind.
How did those horses keep their foot
ing? They never knew, and certainly
none that were bred in England could
have done so. Yet never falling, never
stumbling even, on they sped, taking
great rocks in their stride, till at length
they reached the level piece of land
above the stream, or rather above the
cleft fully eighteen feet In width, at the
foot of which that stream ran. God
win saw and turned cold. Were these
folk mad that they would put double
laden horses at such a Jump?. If they
hung back, If they missed their stride,
if they caught hoof or sprang short,
swift death was their portion.
But the old Arab seated behind Wulf
only shouted aloud, and Masouda only
tightened her round arms about God
win's middle and laughed In his ear.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
The horses heard the shout, and seem
ing to see what was before them,
stretched out their long necks and
rushed forward over the flat ground.
Now they were on the edge of the ter
rible place, and, like a man in a dream,
Godwin noted the sharp, sheer lips of
the cliff, the gulf between them and
the white foam of the stream a score
of yardß beneath. Then he felt the
brave horse Flame gather itself to
gether and next instant fly into the air
like a bird. Also —and was this dream
indeed, for even as they sped over that
horrible pit did he feel a woman's lips
pressed upon his cheek? He was not
sure. Who could have been at such a
time, with death beneath them? Per
chance it was the wind that kissed him,
or a lock of her loose hair that struck
across his face. Indeed, a£ the moment
he thought of other things than wom
en's lips—those of the black and yawn
ing gulf, for instance. v
They swooped through the air, the
white foam vanished; they were safe.
No; the h'nd feet of Flame had missed
their footing, they fell, they were lost.
A struggle. How tight those arms
clung about his own. How close that
face was pressed against his own. Lo!
it was over. They were speeding down
the hill, and alongside of the gray
horse Flame raced the black horse
Smoke, Wulf on its back, with eyes
that seemed to be starting from his
head, shouting, "A d'Arcy! A d'Arcy!"
and behind him, turban gone, and
white burnous floating like a pennon on
the air, the grim-visaged Arab, who
also snouted. Swifter and yet swifter.
Did ever horses gallop so fast?
Swifter and yet swifter, till the
air sang past them and the ground
seemed to- fly away beneath. The
slope was done. They w T ere on
the flat; the flat was passed, they were
in the fields; the fields were left be
hind; and, behold! side by side, with
hanging heads and panting flanks, the
horses Smoke and Flame stood still
upon the road, their sweating hides
dyed red in the light of the sinking
sun.
The grip loosened from about God
win's middle. It had been close; on
Masouda's round and naked arms were
the prints of the steel shirt beneath
his tunfc, for she slipped to the ground
and stood looking at them. Then she
smiled one of her slow, thrilling smiles,
gasped and said:
"You ride well, pilgrim Peter, and
pilgrim John rides well also, and these
are good horses; and, oh! that ride was
worth the riding, even though death
had been its end. Son of the Sand,
my Uncle, what say you?"
"That I grow old for such gallops
two on one horse, with nothing to
win!"
"Nothing to win?" said Masouda, "I
am not so sure!" and she looked at
Godwin. "Well, you have sold your
horses to pilgrims who can ride, and
they have proved them; and I have had
a change from my cooking in the inn,
to which I must now get me back
again."
Wulf wiped the sweat from his brow,
shook his head, and muttered:
"I always heard the East was full
of madmen and devils; now I know that
it is true."
But Godwin said.nothing.
They led the horses back to the inn,
where the brethren groomed them down
under the direction of the Arab, that
the gallant beasts might get used to
them, which, after carrying them upon
that fearful ride, they did readily
enough. Then they fed them with
chopped barley; ear and straw to
gether, and gave them water to drink
that had stood in the sun all day to
warm, in which the Arab mixed flour
and some white wine.
Next morning at the dawn they rose
to see how Flame and Smoke fared
after that journey. Entering the stable,
they heard the sound of a man weeping,
and hidden in the shadow, saw by the
dim light of the morning that it was
the old Arab, who stood with his back
to them, an arm around the neck of
each horse, which he kissed from time
to time. Moreover, he talked aloud in
his own tongue to them, calling them
his children, and saying that rather
would he sell his wife and sister to the
Franks.
"But," he added, "she has spoken—
why, I know not—and I must obey.
Well, at least they are gallant men and
worthy of such steeds. Half T hoped
that you and the three of us and my
niece Masouda, the woman with the
secret face and eyes that have looked
on fear, might perish yesterday in the
cleft of the (stream; but It was not
willed of Allah. So farewell, Flame,
and farewell, Smoke, children of the
desert, who are swifter than arrows,
for never more shall I ride you in bat
tle. Well, at least I have others of your
matchless blood."
Then Godwin touched Wulf on the
shoulder, and they crept away from the
stable without the Arab knowing that
they had been there, for it seemed
shameful to pry upon his grief. When
they reached their room again Godwin
asked Wulf:
"Why does this man sell us those
noble steeds?"
"Because his niece, Masouda, has bid
him to do so," he answ-red.
"And why has she bidden kirn?"
"Ah!" replied Wulf. "He called her
'the woman with the secret face and
eyes that have looked on fear,' didn't
he? Well, for reasons that have to do
with his family perhaps, or with her
secrets, or us, with whom she plays
some game of which we know neither
the beginning nor the end. But, Broth
er Godwin, you are wiser than L Why
do you ask me these riddles? For my
part I do not wish to trouble my head
about them. All I know is that the
game is a brave one and I mean to go
through with it, especially as I believe
that this playing will lead us to Rosa
mund."
"May it lead us nowhere worse," an
swered Godwin, with something like a
groan, for he remembered that dream
of his which he dreamed in midair be
tween the edges of black rock with the
white foam beneath. But to Wulf he
said nothing of this dream.
When the sun was fully up they pre
pared to go out again, taking with
them the gold to pay the Arab, but on
opening the door of their room they met
Masouda, apparently about to knock
upon It.
"Whither go you. friends Peter and
John, and so early?" she asked, looking
at them with a smtlejupon her beauti
ful face that was "so thrilling and
seemed to hide so much mystery. God
win thought to himself that it was like
another smile, that on the face of the
woman-headed stone sphinx which they
had seen set up In the market place of
Beirut. p
"To visit cur horses and pay your un
cle, the Arab, his money," answered
Wulf.
"Indeed! I thought I saw you do the
first an hour ago, and as for the sec
ond, It Is useless; Son of the Sand has
gone."
"Gone! With the horses?"
'Nay, he has left them behind."
"Did you pay him, then, lady?" asked
Godwin.
It was so easy to see that Masouda
was pleased at this courteous word, for
her voice, which in general seemed
somewhat hard, softened as she an
swered, for the first time giving him
his own title.
"Why do you call me 'lady,' Sir God
win d'Arcy, who am but an innkeeper,
for whom sometimes men find hard
names? Well, perhaps I was a lady
once before 1 became an innkeeper; but
now 1 am—the widow Masouda as you
are the pilgrim Peter. Still I thank
you lor this—bad guess of yours."
Then, stepping back a foot or two to
ward the door, which she had closed be
hind her, she made him a curtsey so
full of dignity and grace that any who
saw it must be sure that, wherever she
might dwell, she was not bred in inns.
Godwin returned the bow, doffing his
cap. Their eyes met and from hers
hfl learned that he had no treachery
to fear from this woman, whatever"
else he might have to fear. Indeed,
from that moment, however black and
doubtful seemed the road, he would
have trusted his life to her; for this
vas the message written there—a mes
sage which she meant that he should
read. Yet at his heart he felt terribly
afraid. Wulf, who saw something of
ell this and guessed more, also was
afraid. He wondered what Rosamund
would have thought of it, if she had
seen that strange look in the eyes of
this woman who had been a lady and
was an innkeeper, of whom men
called Spy, and daughter of Satan, and
child of Al-je-bal. To his fancy that
look was like a flash of lightning upon
a dark night, which for a second il
lumines some magical, unguessed land
scape, after which comes the night
again, blacker than before.
Now the widow Masouda was saying
in her usual somewhat hard voice:
"No; I did not pay him. At the last
he would take no money, but, having
passed it, neither would he break his
word to knights who can ride so well
and boldly. So I made a bargain with
him on behalf of both of you, which
1 expect that you will keep, since my
good faith is pledged, and this Arab is
a chief and my kinsman. It is this,
that if you and these horses should
live, and the time comes when you have
no more need of them, you will cause
it to be cried in the market-place of
whatever town is nearest to you, by
the voice of the public .crier, that for
six days they stand to De returned to
him who lent them. Then if he comes
not they can be sold, which must not
be sold or given away to any one with
out this proclamation. Do you con
sent?"
"Aye," answered both of them, but
Wulf added: "Only we siiould like to
know why the Arab, Son-of-the-Sand,
who is your kinsman, trusts his glor
ious horses to us in this fashion."
"Your breakfast Is served, my
guests," answered Masouda in tones
that rang like the clash of metal, so
hard were they. Whereon Wulf shook
his head and followed her into the eat
ing-room, which was now empty again
as it had been on the afternoon of their
arrival.
Most of the day they spent with their
horses. In the evening, this time unac
companied by Masouda, they rode out
for a little way, though rather doubt
fully, since they were not sure that
their beasts, which seemed to be almost
human, would not take the bits between
thir teeth and rush with them back to
the desert whence they came. But al
though from time to time they looked
about them for their master the Arab,
whinnying as they looked, this they
did not do, or show vice of any kind;
indeed, two ladies' palfreys could not
have been more quiet. So the brethren
brought them home again, groomed,
fed and fondled them, while they
pricked their ears, sniffing them all
over, as though they knew that these
were their new lords and wished to
make friends of them.
The morrow was a Sunday, and, at
tended by Masouda's slave, without
whom she would not suffer them to
walk in the town, the brethren went to
mass in the big church which had once
been a mosque, wearing pilgrims' robes
over their mail.
"Do you not accompany us, who are
of the faith?" asked Wulf.
"Nay," answered Masouda, "I am In
no mood to make confession. This day
I count my beads at home."
So they went alone, and mingling
with a crowd of humble persons at the
back of the church, which was large
and dim, watched the knights and
priests of various nations struggling
for precedence of place beneath the
dome. Also they heard the Bishop of
the town preach a sermon from which
they learned much. He spoke at length
of the great coming war with Saladin,
whom he named Anti-Christ. More
over, he prayed them all to compose
their differences and prepare for that
awful struggle, lest in the end the
cross of their Master should be tram
pled under foot of the Saracen, his sol
diers slain, his fanes desecrated and
his people slaughtered or driven Into
the sea—words of warning that were
received in heavy silence.
"Four full days have gone by. Let
us ask our hostess if she has any news
for us," said Wulf as they walked back
to the inn-
"Aye, we will ask her," answered
Godwin.
As it chanced, there was no need, for
when they entered their chamber they
found Masouda standing in the center
of It, apparently lost in thought.
"I have come to speak with you,"
she said, looking up. "Do you still
wish to visit the sheik Al-je-bal?"
They answered "Yes."
"Good. I have leave for you to go;
but I counsel you not to go, for it is
dangerous. Let us be open with one
another. I know your object. I knew
it an hour before you ever set foot
upon this shore, and that is why you
were brought to this house. You would
seek the help of the lord Sinan against
Salah-ed-din, from whom you hope to
rescue a certain great lady of his blood
who is your kinswoman and whom
both of you desire in marriage. You
see, I have learned that also. Well,
this land is full of spies, who travel
to and from Europe and make report
of all things to those who pay them
enough. For instance —I can say It, as
you will not see him again—the trader
Thomas, with whom you stayed in this
house, is such a spy. To him your story
has been passed on by otner spies in
England, and he passed it on to me."
"Are then you a spy also, as the
porter called you?" asked Wulf out
right.
"T am what I am," she answered
coldly. "Perhaps I also have sworn
oaths and serve as you serve. Who
my master Is or why I do so Is naught
to you. But I like you well, and we
have ridden together—a wild ride.
Therefore I warn you, though perhaps
I should not say so much, that the lord
Al-Jebal is one who takes payment
for what he gives, and that this busi
ness may cost you your lives."
"You warned us against Saladin
also." said Godwin, "so what is left to
us if we may dare a visit to neither?"
She shrugged her shoulders. "To
take service under one of the great
Frankish lords and wait a chance that
will never come. Or, better still, to
sew some cockle shells into your hats,
go home as holy men who have made
the pilgrimage, marry the richest
wives that you can find, and forget
Al-Jebal and Salah-ed-din and in
lady about whom he has dreamed a
dream. Only then," she added in a
changed voice, "remember, you must
leave your horses Flame and Smoke be
hind you."
"We wish to ride those horses," said
Wulf lightly, and Godwin turned on
her with anger in his eyes.
"s"ou seem to know our story," he
said, "and the mission to which we are
sworn. What sort of knights do you
think us, then, that you dare to offer
us counsel that Is fitter for those spies
from whom you learn your tidings.'
You talk of our lives. Well, we hold
our lives in trust, and when they are
asked of us we will yield them up, hav
ing done all that we may do."
"Well spoken," answered Masouda.
"11l should I have thought of you had
you said otherwise. But why would
you go to Al-Jebal?"
"Because our uncle at his death bade
us so to do without fail, and having no
other counsel we will take that of his
spirit, let come what may."
"Well spoken again! Then to Al-
Jebal you shall go, and let come what
come may—to all three of us!"
"To all three of us," said Wulf.
"What, then, is your part in the mat
ter?" *
"I do not know, but perhaps more
than you think. At least, I must be
your guide."
"Do you mean to betray us?" asked
Wulf, bluntly.
She drew herself up and looked him
in the eyes till he grew red, then said:
"Ask your brother if he thinks that I
mean to betray you. No; I mean to
save you, if I can, and it comes into
my mind that before all is done you
will need saving, 'who speak so roughly
to those who would befriend you. Nay,
answer not; it is not strange that you
should doubt. Pilgrims to the fearful
shrine of Al-Jebal, if it pleases you, we
will ride at nightfall. Do not trouble
about food and such matters. I will
make preparations, but we go alone and
secretly. Take only your arms and
what garments you may need; the rest
I will store, and for it give you my re
ceipt. Now Igo to make things ready.
See, I pray of you, that the horses
Flame and Smoke are saddled by sun
set."
At sundown, accordingly, the breth
ren stood waiting in their room. They
were fully armed beneath their rough
pilgrims' robes, even to the bucklers
which had been hidden in their bag
gage. Also the saddlebags of carpet
which Masouda had given them were
packed with such things as they must
take, the rest having been handed over
to her keeping.
Presently the door opened and a
young man stood before them clothed in
the rough camel-hair garment, or bur
nous, which is common in the East.
"What do you want?" asked Godwin.
"I want you, brothers Peter and
John," was the reply, and they saw
that the slim young man was Masou
da. "What! you English Innocents, do
you not know a woman through a
camel-hair cloak?" she added as she
led the wav to the stable. "Well, so
much the better, for it shows that my
disguise is good. Henceforth be pleased
to forget the widow Masouda and, un
til we reach the land of Al-Jebal, to
remember that I am your servant, a
halfbreed from Jaffa named David, of
no religion—or of all,"
In the stable the horses stood sad
dled, and near to them another—a good
Arab—and two laden Cyprian mules,
but no attendant was to be seen. They
brought them out and mounted, Ma
souda riding like a man and leading
the mules, of which the head of one
was tied to the tail of the other. Five
minutes later they were clear of Bei
rut, and through the solemn twilight
hush, followed the road whereon they
had tried the horses, toward the Dog
River, three leagues away, which Ma
souda said they would reach by moon
rise. Soon it grew very dark, and she
rode alongside of them to'show them
the path, but they did not talk much.
Wulf asked her who would take care
of the inn while she was absent, to
which she answered sharply that the
Inn would take care of itself, and no
more. Picking their way along the
dark road at a slow amble, they
crossed the bed of two streams then al
most dry. till at length they heard run
ning water sounding above that of the
slow wash of the sea to their left, and
Masouda bade them halt. So they
waited, until presently the moon rose
in a clear sky, revealing a wide river in
front, the pale ocean a hundred feet
beneath them to the left, and to the
right great mountains, along the face
of which their path was cut. So bright
was it that Godwin could see strange
shapes carven on the sheer face of the
rock, and beneath them writing which
he could not read.
"What are these?" he asked Ma
souda.
"The tablets of kings," she answered,
"whose names are written in your holy
book, who ruled Syria and Egypt thou
sands of years ago. They were great
in their day when they took this land,
greater even than Salah-ed-din, and
now these seals that they set upon this
rock are all that is left of them."
Godwin and Wulf stared at the
weather-worn sculptures, and in the si
lence of that moonlit place there arose
in their mind a vision of the mighty
armies of different tongues and people
who had stood In their pride on this
road and looked upon the river and the
great stone wolf that guarded it,-which
wolf, so said the legend, howled at the
approach of foes. But now he howled
no more, for he lay headless beneath
the waters, and there he lies to this
day. Well, they were dead, every one
of them, and even their deeds were for
gotten; and oh! how small the thought
of It made them feel, these two young
men bent upon a desperate quest in a
strange and dangerous land. Masouda
read what was passing in their hearts,
and as they came to the brink of the
river, pointed to the bubbles that chased
each other toward the sea, bursting
and forming again before their eyes.
"Such are we," she said briefly; "but
the ocean Is always yonder, and the
river is always here, and of fresh bub
bles there will always be a plenty. So
dance on life's water while you may,
In the sunlight, in the moonlight, be
neath the storm, beneath the stars, for
ocean calls and bubbles burst. Now
follow me, for I know the ford, and at
this season the stream Is not deep.
Pilgrim Peter, ride you at my side In
ease I should be washed from the sad
dle: and pilgrim John, come you "be
hind, and if they hang back, prick the
mules with your sword point."
Thus, then, they entered the river,
which many might have feared to do
at night, and, although once or twice
the water rose to their saddles and the
mules were stubborn in the swift
stream, in the end gained the farther
bank in safety. Thence they pursue l ."
their path through mountains till at
length the sun rose and they found
themselves in a lonely land where no
one was to be seen. Here they halted
in a grove of oaks, off-saddled their
animals, tethered and fed them with
barley which they had brought upon a
mule, and ate of the food that Masou
da had provided. Then, having secured
the beasts, they lay down to sleep, all
three of them, since Masouda said that
here there was nothing to fear; and,
being weary, slept on till the heat of
noon was past, when once more they
fed the horses and mules, and having
dined themselves, set forward upon
their way.
>i**w their road—if road it could be
called, for they could see none—ran
ever upward through rough, mountain
ous country, where seemed to dwell
neither man nor beast. At sunset they
halted again and at moonrise went for
ward till the night turned toward
morning, when they came to a place
where was a little cave. Before they
reached this spot of a sudden the si
lence of those lonely hills was broken
by a sound of roaring, not very near to
them, but so loud and so long that it
echoed and re-echoed from the cliff. At
it the horses Flame and Smoke pricked
their ears and trembled, while the
mules strove to break away and run
back.
"What is that?" asked Wulf, who had
never heard its like.
"Lions," answered Masouda. "We
draw near the country where there are
many of them and therefore shall do
well to halt presently, since it is best
to pass through that land in daylight."
So when they came to the cave, hav
ing heard no more of the lion, or Hons,
they unsaddled there, purposing to put
the horses into it, where they .would
be safe from the attack of any such
ravening beast. But when they tried
to do this, Smoke and Flame spread out
their nostrils and setting their feet be
fore them refused to enter the place,
about which there was an evil smell.
"Perhaps Jackals have been here,"
said Masouda. "Let us tether them all
in the open."
This then they did, building: a fire in
front of them with dry wood that lay
about in plenty, for here grew somber
cedar trees. The brethren sat down by
this fire, but, the night being hot, Ma
souda laid herself down about fifteen
paces away under a cedar tree, which
grew almost in fpont of the mouth of
the cave and slept, being tired with long
riding. Wulf slept also, since Godwin
had agreed to keep watch for the first
part of the night.
For an hour or more he sat close by
the horses and-noted that they fed un
easily and would not He down. Soon,
however, he was lost in his own
thoughts, and, as he heard no more of
the lions, fell to wondering over the
strangeness of their journey and of
what the end of it might be. He won
dered also about Masouda, who she
was, how she came to know so much,
why she befriended them If she really
was a friend, and other things—for in
stance, of that leap over the sunken
stream, and whether —no, surely he had
been mistaken, her eyes never looked at
him like that. Why, he was sleeping
at his post and the eyes in the darkness
yonder were not those of a woman.
Women's eyes were not green and gold;
they did not grow large, then lessen
and vanish away.
Godwin sprang to his feet. As he
thought, they were no eyes. He had
dreamed, that was all. So he took ce
dar boughs and threw them on to the
Are, where soon they flared again close
to Wulf, who was lost In heavy slum
ber.
The night was Very still and the si
lence so deep that it pressed upon him
like a weight. He could bear it no
longer, and rising, began to walk up
and down in front of the cave, drawing
his sword and holding it in his hand as
sentries do. Masouda lay upon the
ground, with her head pillowed on jbl
saddlebag and the moonlight fell
through the cedar boughs upon her
face. Godwin stopped to look at it and
wondered that he had never noted be
fore how beautiful she was.
Godwin turned aside; it seemed not
right to watch her thus, although in
ttuth he had only come to know that
she was safe. He went back to the
fire, and lifting a cedar bough, which
blazed like a torch In his left hand,
was about to lay it down again on the
center of the flame, when suddenly he
heard the sharp and terrible cry of a
ivoman in an agony of pain or fear,
md at the same moment the horses
and mules began to plunge and snort.
In an instant, the blazing bough still
in his hand, he was back by the cave,
and lo! there before him, the form of
Masouda hanging from Its Jaws, stood
a great yetlow beast, which, although
he had never seen Its like, he knew
must be a lioness. It was heading for
the cave, then catching sight of him,
turned and bounded away In the direc
tion of the fire, purposing to re-enter
the wood beyond.
But the woman in its mouth cum
bered it, and running swiftly, Godwin
came face to face with the brute just
opposite the fire. He hurled the burn
ing; bough at it, whereon it dropped
Masouda, and rearing itself straight
upon Its hind legs, stretched out its
claws and seemed about to fall on him.
For this Godwin did not wait. He was
afraid indeed, who had never fought
lions, but he knew that he must do or
die. Therefore he charged straight at
it, and with all the strength of his
strong arm drove his long sword Into
the yellow breast, till it seemed to him
that the steel vanished and he could
see nothing but the hilt. Then a shock,
a sound of furious snarling, and down
he went to earth beneath something
soft and heavy, and there his senses
left him.
When they came back again some
thing soft was still upon nls face; but
this proved to be only the hand of
who bathed his brow with a
cloth dipped In water, while Wulf
chafed his hands- Godwin sat up, and
In the light of the new-risen sun, saw
a dead lioness lying before him, Its
breast still transfixed with his own
sword.
"So I saved you," he said faintly.
"Yes, you saved me," answered Ma
souda, and kneeling down she kissed
his feet: then rising again, with her
long, soft hair wiped away the blood
that was running from a wound in his
arm.
[Continued Next Sunday.]C"T*J HERE is nothing so elusive yet
so fascinating as a chance re
semblance. We walk a street
crowded with thousands of hu
man atoms like ourselves, yet
each meaningless, unindividual. The
mass has the consistency of a stream
of water parted by a stone. Sudden
ly one of these atoms acquires form,
color, substance and character; its in
dividuality strikes a chord in the
brain. A thousand disassociate frag
ments^—memory-worn strands of time
and place—struggle to coalesce, to re
wcav themselves into a pattern we
once knew. Our thought gives aid.
Recollection puzzles itself, finds itself
impotent, rages at its own powerless
ness. At such a moment the mind
recurs again and again with painful
insistence to the problem, and the
chance resemblance, by reason of ag
gravation, acquires an importance
wholly disproportionate. The man
who pursues such a will-o'-the-wisp
memory does so protesting in spite of
himself.
It was in some such frame of mind
that Brent Maxwell stood looking out
across the desolate hillside. The land
scape still mourned in blackened stone
walls and thinned forests, the devas
tation of Sherman's march to the sea.
The bare unpromise of the scene was
in his soul. He knew the gaunt pov
erty that follows in the wake of war.
He had fought loyally for the Union.
And now after lifteen years of recon
struction he had learned that Appo
mattox had dawned only upon the
first chapter of defeat. The fierce
patriotism which had led him, a
youth of enthusiasm and dreams of
the glory of sacrifice, to leave his
place and portion in the North when
the first call sounded and the earnest
ness of intention with which he had
Hung himself into the newly breath
ing industrial life of a Southern city
had had time to cool and sober. In
spite of success the very intensity of
the struggle against adverse condi
tions had bred in him a resentment
against the necessity which made
green field a desert, plantation a
waste and a smiling country a ceme
tery of unmarked graves. Something
of the dogged sadness which hung on
the people among whom he had elect
ed to dwell had entered into him. He
had lived down the hatred and the
sneer, but the process had made him
bitter against the circumstances which
had given this hatred rise.
On this early morning his thoughts,
which had been busy estimating the
possibilities of the farm, whose
he had in his pocket and whose fore
closure had brought him from his own
city, had been suddenly arrested and
turned from their channel. A rattling
vehicle had passed him, containing two
figures—a man and a woman. The
faces of both had interested him. The
woman's was sad and sober-sweet,
surmounted by pearl-gray hair. There
was a little color in her cheeks. The
man had dead white hair and beard,
with face blue-tinged and shifting
eyes of yellow. He wore a heavy but
ternut overcoat and a knitted nubia
of childishly bright colors.
There was something in this last
face that started reverberating echoes
in Maxwell's brain. An intaneible
hand was at work tying together loose
ends of recollection. He knew and vet
he did not know. Wherever he looked,
as he plodded over the farm land, he
saw this blue face and dodging gaze.
It came before him with an absurd
incongruity and yet with a reiterate
malevolence.
The sun was high as he walked back
toward the village, past the great,
gray-columned house, whose sham
bling porticoes pointed to a past of
wealth and grandeur. As he neared
the gate a sudden cry made him
quicken his steps. A repeating scream
—a man's, yet wolf-like, rising and
falling with monotonous inflections—
filled all the hollows with sound. Its
note had a quality of the animal that
thickened his blood. It came from the
house. The hearer broke into a run
burst open the gate and rushed to
ward the porch.
As he rounded a clump of evergreens
he saw a strange spectacle. Seated on
the ground was the blue-faced man.
his fingers clutching the stubble, his
lips emitting the beast-like screams
which had brought Maxwell from the
roadway. Bending over him with her
back toward the gate was the lady
of the sad face and the nearl gray
hair. She was smoothing the thin
fringe from the sunken temples, bend
ing now and then to lay her lips ca
ressingly and sobbingly upon his head
From under her arm the yellow eyes
looked out straight toward Maxwell.
He felt them pass shiftily across his
face with a sense of shrinking repul
sion. The volume of screams showed
no abatement.
The tones with which the woman
sought to soothe this outburst were ex
quisitely tender. "Poor Victor!" she
was saying; "poor, poor boy!"
Maxwell had stopped short at the
mad luster of those yellow eyes; the
woman had not heard his approach.
With a strange tightening of the
throat he shrank behind a bush and
retreatea to tne
road, looking fear
fully back over his
shoulder. Through
out the long walk
back to the village
hotel, at every
turning, this pic
ture started before
him — a slight,
gray-gowned fig
ure with hands
whose trembling
motions suggested
the settling of a
dove to guard Its
young, and from
under whose caress
gleamed out topaz
eyes in which
lurked the devil of
madness.
He stared over
the table of the
low-ceiled smoky
beamed dining
room, unheeding
the conversation,
his mind pursuing
the vagrant re
semblance of the
morning. He came
to himself with a
sort of shock to
hear his neighbor
say: "That's the
first time I've seen
HIM fH IMS ©F Wm
Ole Vie Brockman for two years.
Miss May Ann took him drivin' this
mornin'—you ought to seen 'em. The ole
fellow had on a nubia that had as
many colors as a peacock's tail. Queer
how he hangs on to life all these
years," he continued reflectively.
"It'd be a blessin' if he'd shuffle off.
Speakin' of women—there's a woman
for you! Job Stacker when he lived on
the next farm used to say that she
cared for that idiot brother of hers like
a baby. If he'd got killed out and out
Instead of comin' home with no top to
his head and no sense in it, it'd been
better for her. Then she could have
ANNOUNCEMENT. Each Week for the Best* RULES.
For the purpose of encouraging California and Western writers, 1 , <
by offering a consideration for short stories equal to that paid by the mTS W W __ f\ /_% «% m 9 No story will be considered that is less than 2500 nor more than <
best magazines, and for the purpose of bringing young and unknown WLJI 1 If I I I 1 If 3 ?°? fi o ™ s m £ ° Story mU3t be marked in (
writers to the front, the Sunday Call announces a weekly fiction con- *J ■■m. M W%. & \3 JL IV S P n - ures £
test in which a cash prize of $50 will be paid each week for the best • • • m T• __ . . . . . ' .„
story submitted. There is no section of America more fertile in ma- __ _* selection of stories names will not count. The unknown
tcrial for fiction or more prolific in pens gifted to give spirit to the writer will have the same standing as the popular author. J
material at hand than is California and the West. Therefore the Sun- m _____ M 1,1 <
day Call offers $50 for the best story submitted each week by a West- ______ _____ ________ _______ 8 one °* tiie OD i ects °* tne Sunday Call is to develop a new corps <
em writer. Stories of Western life and Western characters will, as a _____l °* Western writers no stories under noms de plume will be considered. '
rule, be given the preference, but all strong stories, and especially ___ mm mm ___|"S a stor y earns publication it will be well worth the writer's name,
strong stories by new writers, will receive careful consideration. __H___ I mm I\J
Each story will be iudged strictly upon its literary merit. Type- H * Stories not accepted will be returned at once. Those selected <
written copy is the easiest to read and will receive the first consider- —~ |__ _■ I mm _H mm ■__ be published one each week. i
etion from the editor, but do not hesitate to send a story in hand- AIJP V/ i
writing if you cannot afford to have it typewritten. Br _F _r w_ mw Thl* fiction contest will be continued indefinitely.
Fifty dollars in cash for a story of not less than 2500 words and ■ \/I
not more than 3SOO words is approximately $17 per thousand words, _________________________ An author may submit as many manuscripts as he desires, but no <
or 1.7 cents per word. The highest price paid by the leading magazines one writer will be permitted to win more than three prizes during the <
for the work of any but the very best writers is rarely more than c _ . _, contest. <
two cents a word, more often one cent and a half, and generally one ... —OPDlMtteq tO tDe = V/II <
cent. With the majority of magazines the writer, after his story is ac- Always inclose return postage. No manuscripts will be returned <
cepted, is compelled to wait until the publication of his story before M m mm. w mm*. a. mm — ___ m. mt mm unless accompanied by return postage. <
he is paid, a period of seldom less than six months, and usually from W T ltf _% WW <
nine months to a year. The stories accepted in this contest will be W J |~ti I ■ EJL ■ LJk I U Write on one side of paper only; put name and address legibly on <
paid for immediately upon publication, and will be published on the \_J m m f g — m\w m\W A m\m Mmf fkmrnf last page, and address to the SUNDAY EDITOR OF THE CALL, J
first Sunday following the iud?ing of the manuscripts. SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
AUTHOR OP
"the castaway?
"ffEARroT COl/RA<s£Ol/<3r, J '£rC.
married that sweetheart of hers and
had trouble of her own."
He turned to Maxwell. "I was talk
in'," he said, "of Miss Brockman, who
owns the Pool place—that big white
house over the hill. It's a pity the
mortgage changed hands. I suppose
Miss May Ann is goin' to be sold out.
It's hard. Old Squire Pool, her grand
father, was the biggest man in four
counties and befo' the war her ma was
the high-headedest girl you ever saw.
Wonder who got that mortgage?"
In the evening as Maxwell and the
village lawyer, who was Justice of the
Peace, Conveyancer and Notary Public
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
all in one, walked in the fading light
up ■'.he hill toward the property which
he was bo soon to send to the hammer,
there was small conversation between
them. The papers requiring the final
signature protruded from Maxwell's
greatcoat pocket. His mind was wan
dering through a labyrinth of recollec
tion, pursuing the phantom of a blue
face, surmounted by rough, white hair,
and two eyes rhot with feline yellow,
which met his and wavered away In
ferret uneasiness. The likeness clung
to him with a willful persistence, and
he swept his hand impatiently across
his eyes as though to banish the thing
that baffled him.
• ••••••
As the two men seated themselves
In the lamplight of the great room,
which yet bore the inextinguishable
marks of aristocracy. Maxwell became
unpleasantly aware of a huddled object
on a sofa, which, nerveless, unre
cponslve, seemed to create in itself a
center of attraction. The errand was
not a pleasant one, though relieved by
the serene face and low tones that be
long to the gentleman: but in the lax
face of old Victor Brockman- was an
other element—an element of arrested
progress, of piteous recoil—the genius
of unconscious despair. It drew Max
well, while it repelled him. He found
himself turning his head to gaze
upon it.
He realized in the midst of a genial
sentence that the yellow eyes had ceas
ed their roving, and now settled, fixed
and stealthy, upon his face. The ag
gravating resemblance again caught
his attention.
Thereafter he ceased to be himself—
ceased in some inexplicable way to
feel his will and intention master of
the situation. The idiot's gaze had
got upon his nerves. He found himself
shifting in his seat, pushing his chair
back by slow degrees to bring the
lounge or th« table between him and
it. Now and then he turned his eyes
unwillingly to meet that look; the yel
low eyes had ceased to twitch and now
rested with. It seemed to him, a quiet,
dreamy malevolence upon his own. The
gaze affected him strangely; it sn
eered him. He felt himself put out by
his meaningless persistence. His
smooth sentences flowed with less ease
and he felt a nervous contraction in
the muscles of his throat.
Miss Anne had drawn nearer to the
squat occupant of the sofa, and her
hand, trembling unwontedly, he
thought, reached out now and then to
touch the frayed sleeve. And surely
the lawyer was looking at him closely
and cunningly. Maxwell felt himself
sweating and yet internally Scoffing at
this strange mood that had smitten
him.
The situation was a simple one, and
yet It had suddenly become impossible
to him. He, Brent Maxwell, land own
er, dealer in farm properties, had come
to present an official paper for signa
ture. He had done It scores of times
and yet the usual conversation with
which custom softens the unpleasant
alternatives of business failure into
kindly and courteous agreement had
become suddenly a way of pain—a
chapter of indefinable reproach. A
look of vacant, yellow eyes, grown
steadfast, was making this hour one of
loathing and horror.
As the last words were spoken and
the necessary signatures were affixed,
he snatched the papers from the law
yer's hands, crushed them Into his
pocket, and, in sudden revuJslon, his
tense nerves released, sprang to his
feet.
The effect upon the huddled figure
opposite him was instantaneous and
terrible. He cringed backward, with a
shrinking gesture of fear and agony.
His palsied arms, shaking and uncer
tain. " wavered before his face. A
shriek came from his lips, but this
time not the monotonous, wordless
wall of his habit, but an articulate cry.
"My God! My head! don't strike me
again!"
Maxwell dimly heard the sobbing
cry with which the sister's arms went
round the cowering, abject figure, and
the lawyer's abrupt ejaculation of as
tonishment and reassurance, as he
rushed to the door and flung himself
out in the frosty evening. His breath
was coming heavily, and his fingers
worked nervously in and out of
clenched fists, and, as the sky opened
before him, a vision hurled Itself with
the appalling directness of a thunder
bolt before him—a vision of an acre of
bloody, trampled sward, iron-sown,
and blue wUh pungent wreaths of
smoke. In the foreground a disman
tled gun prone upon whose stock a
figure lay with blackened face and
tattered gray uniform, and over it a
second figure swinging a clubbed mus
ket, remorseless, cruel with the lust of
war. The crest of that spattered knoll
strewn with quiet forms—these two
alone, fiercely erect. Then the clubbed
weapon descended. From the limp fig
ure stretched across the gun rose two
protesting arms—two hazel eyes looked
from beneath the bloody mat of hair,
and a voice shrill and terrifying: "M 7
God! My head! don't strike mo
again!"
The vision blurred, gusts of smoke
came in between. Did the blue figure
strike again? D!d it? Did it?
Maxwell threw his hands toward
the night sky, that had flared with
that quick rise of condemnation and
died again, as though appealing and
inviting doom. The vision had scarce
faded into the dun of the early night
sky when the lawyer came down the
steps; it was as though he had ap
proached, black-robed and grotesque,
from the corner of the dimming pic
ture —a vengeance witnessing and im
peaching, binding him. Brent Maxwell,
of that savage battery charge, to the
Brent Maxwell of this day, a strong
man flying from the piteous pallor of
a shrunken and deranged wreck.
The one UDon whom "this sudden
panic of soul had crashed like a fall
ing tower gripped him fiercely by the
arms. "The man in there." he said,
hoarsely, "the man with the blue face
and yellow eyes—the man that looked
at me! Did you see him look at me?"
The other shrank back half fear
fully. "Why, Maxwell." he said,
"what's the matter? It was merely
a fit of some sort. I thought you
knew he was crazy. Why, man, you're
shaking! Come along and we'll get
something to warm us up."
"Did you see him put up his
hands?"
The lawyer drew away his arm
almost angrily. "Heavens!" he said.
"You're almost as bad as the old man
himself. He's crazy, I tell you—
plumb crazy, and has been ever since
they brought him home from the war.
He was struck in the head by a shell
or something—"
"Yes, yes. Where? Where was it?
What battle was it?"
"I've always heard it was at Mis
sionary Ridge." The match he struck
against his boot heel burned, sput
tering, as he bit the end from a cigar.
Maxwell suddenly drew from his
pocket the packet of papers; the
parchment crackled as he reached for
ward and held a curling corner to
the flame. It caught and licked about
it. While the lawyer stood in amaze.
Maxwell waved it, a flaming funnel,
around his head until it scorched his
fingers. As he dropped It to the
ground, a mass of slowly blackening
embers, a white shadow sprang out of
the surrounding circle of blackness,
it was Miss Anne.
"Miss Anne," cried the lawyer, "do
you see what he's doing? He's burned
up the mortgage 1 He's burned it up!
That's all that's left of it there on the
ground."
Miss Anne stepped forward half-fear
fully, her fascinated eyes on the glow
ing firebrand between them. She
clasped her hands together. "Sir," she
said painfully, "sir"—then she stopped.
An overmastering desire seized him
to take upon himself the act of that
dead day—to shout to them both that
he, he had been asked mercy and had
denied it. It was the right of war, but
now, after all these years, it had re
coiled upon him in shame. Circum
stances had again put in his hand the
weapon; the lust of acquisition called
upon him to strike, but as he stood
face to face with this new victim out of
that red mist of the stained past that
cry had sounded, and his hand dropped
nerveless before the same helpless, ac
cusing eyes. He would have shouted
that it was not charity, not kindness,
that spared that roof, but self-accusa
tion—a yearning for atonement and for
absolution.
He received her tears of gratitude
with a sense of shame upon his soul, and
the lawyer's bluff
comments upon
h 1 s benefaction
pierced him like
swords of searing.
• • • •
As Maxwell turn
ed again toward
the village he rest
ed his gaze upon
the hillside sleep
ing under the early
stars. Field and
knoll were covered
silvery with the
sheen of hoar
frost lances. It
seemed the dwarf
symbol of burled
armies — thousands
upon thousands of
the dead who died,
with upthrust bay
onets still stand
ing to guard In
death the Integrity
of homes. And
standing thus, with
the sorrow of this
upon him, Maxwell
cried to his own
soul, no less than
to his land, to
glory, to power, to
war and to Victory,
"What have you
done' What have
yon done?"ONCE more the cry for good high
ways and roads has been raised.
And, what is more to the point,
raised with a vengeance, for
California is just beginning to realize
that she is far behind her sisters in this
respect.
But, fortunately for us all, the tide
-as turned and the people who have
need of roads have begun to realize
that good highways are not only a
source of great pleasure and comfort,
but a real, positive source of wealth as<
well, and that it is within their control
and reach.
Just about the time the industrial de
velopment of this State had nearly
reached the limit possible with bad
roads Governor Budd signed a bill for
the institution of a Bureau of High
ways. This was made a law in 1890.
This first bureau was composed of a
committee of three—R. C. Irvine. Mars
den Manson and J. L. Maude—who
were appointed for a term of two years.
After an investigation they made a re
port thru for the fiscal year cf 1894
and 1895 about two million dollars hai
been expended on the improvement of
roads exclusive of cities and towns.
A\'ith ail this the roads were in a de
plorable condition and that there was
absolutely no system in the way they
had be«.n located and constructed.
The remedy they offered was not a
series of t hnnzos in the law, but sys
tematlc plans that were to be followed
• •lit to the letter. „U the same time
they also recommended that the roads
•be classified into three divisions—State
highways, county thoroughfares and
district roads. To such an extent did
th< y follow up their suggestions thaS
bills Were at once introduced into the
' • :.?lature to carry out their ideas..
In brief, their recommendations were
that the maximum rate of taxation pro
scribed by law for road purposes,
should be lowered from 40 cents to 35
cents per $100 of assessed valuation.
That one-haif this reduction —namely,'
2* 2 cents—should be relevied on all
property within the State for the con-,
and maintenance of high-"
ways of State importance. That the!
roads be classified according to their/
importance to the State to the various
counties thereof and to the districts
which they served.
When the above measures came be
fore the Legislature of 1897 the essen
tial principles were essentially modi
fied. So much so, in fact, that the au
thors had difficulty in recognizing them.
The Legislature passed a bill creat
ing a department of highways and at
the same time levied a tax of 2% cents
for State highway purposes. This was
passed on to Governor Budd for his
signature and he promptly approved
the bill creating the Department of
Highways, but vetoed the bill creating
a State tax for road purposes. At the
same time the Legislature also passed
what Is known as the "Clarke"
road law; a law that took the
handling of all road matters
out of the hands of the Supervisors
and placed It in the hands of
Trustees in the different road districts
of the State. The bill was signed by
Governor Budd, but before it went Into
operation the Supreme Court in the
case of Davis vs. Whidden declared it
Illegal on account of the manner it had
been passed through the Legislature.
The highway commissioners appointed
at this time were W. L. Ashe. Marsden
Manson and J. R~ Price, and it was
their duty to build State roads (they
being required to give heavy bonds)
with ths money the Legislature pro
vided from the 2%-cent tax levy, which
bill the Governor vetoed.
After assuming office the members
of the department of highways kept up
the work of the Bureau of High
ways, investigating the road conditions
and the expenditure of money for road
purposea In May, 1898, they met with
the State convention of the Supervis
ors in Napa After a general discussion
between the Commissioners and the Su
pervisors the Commissioners request
ed the Supervisors to appoint a com
mittee of five to confer with them and
the Code Commissioners to see what
could be done in the way of bringing
system into the management of the
roads of California. After much dis
cussion the Supervisors refused to ap
point a committee to confer wit— the
Highway Commissioners, but passed a
resolution that they should adjourn to
meet in Sacramento and oppose any
legislation that the Highway Commis
sioners might suggest.
The department of ' highways had
bills Introduced in the Legislature—
first, to classify the roads, and. sec
ond, to so amend the road laws that
60 per cent of all money raised for
road purposes should be spent for per
manent road work and defined what
permanent road work should be. The
main reason the department of high
ways had for suggesting the 50 per cent
law was that they found that most of
the money raised for road purposes
was spent for patchwork on wooden
structures and graveling roads that
were not properly drained.
The Supervisors met in Sacramento
during the session of the Legislature
to oppose these measures, but when
their committee appeared before the
road committee or the Assembly and
were informed of the nature and pur
poses of the bills introduced by the de
partment of highways they publicly
withdrew all opposition. Consequently
these bills passed the Legislature, but
for some reason or other never made
known to the members of the depart
ment of highways. Governor Gage
withheld his signature and these meas
ures failed to become the laws, en
abling the people to have, at least, a
million dollars, a year to spend on def
inite lines for work of a permanent
nature out of the funds that were
raised for road purposes in this State,
namely, something over two million
dollars a year.
The Grand Jury of Sonoma County
in its report recommended that the
members of the Legislature do some
thing to remedy the present road con
ditions. The Dunbar Improvement
Club took the hint from the Grand
Jury and called a "County Good Road
Convention," to be held In Glen Ellen.
They invited the Board of Supervisors,
all ex-Supervisors, members of the
Legislature, all ex-members of the Leg
islature and the different grangers and
Improvement clubs to send delegates,
also to send to the secretary any rec
ommendations in writing they might
have to better the present road condi
tion. The convention discussed the dif
ferent recommendations made to it In
writing and appointed a committee to
take these various recommendations,
to digest the same and report to the
club what they thought best to rec
ommend to the Legislature. The re
port gives the exact state of affairs, for
it embodies all the grievances and sug
gests practical remedies for the new
road laws which are to be submitted
to the coming Legislature. It Is as
follows:
The present road law makes no dis
tinction between roads of different
character and use; it applies to all
roads alike. Under it each Supervisor
is ex-Offlcio Road Commisloner for his
district. Supervisors are elected by
districts according to population.
As a board the Supervisors levy the
taxes and audit and allow* the claims
against the county, and as individual
Road Commissioners they themselves
expend the road funds, thus In effect
auditing and allowing their own
claims. Such a system is bad and lia
ble to lead to abuses.
Each Supervisor as Road Commis
sioner appoints or employs in each road
district some person as roadmaster, and
it is needless to say that political af
filiations and services usually play a
part in the selection of such persons,
which, as a rule, does not tend to se
curing a fair equivalent in work for
the money Apended.
The present road law limits the amount
which can be levied for road purposes
to 40 cents per SftO assessed valuation,
and in the county government act of
1893 there is a further provision au
thorizing the levy of a special road fund
tax of 2 mills on the dollar assessed
valuation for the construction and
maintenance of the main public roads
in the several road districts, to be dis
tributed in proportion to the amount
collected from such districts.
The Board of Supervisors have rarely
levied the full amount of 40 cents, and
the further provision of the act of 1593,
which merely in effect authorizes an
additional amount, has therefore re
mained a dead letter.
There is also a provision in the
present law requiring where the esti
mated' cost of any work upon high
ways amounts to $30 or more, it shall
be done by contract.
This provision has remained a dead
letter because it is so easily evaded,
and the method is too cumbersome, as
applied to ordinary roads.
The present law also provides that
the Board of Supervisors may set
apart, not exceeding thirty-five per
cent of the road taxes collected, as a
general road fund for such general
county road purposes In which the In
habitants of all the road districts with
in the county are more or less inter
ested, or to assist weak districts.
This provision has also remained a
dead letter for the reason that as the
Supervisors are elected by districts, ac
cording to population, even if the fund
were set apart, each of them would
naturally try to get as much of, it as
possible to be expendedjn his district,
both to please his constituents, and
because as Road Commissioner he
would do the spending; hence they
could never agree upon where the
money was to be spent, and in actual
practice all they can ever agree upon
Is that each Supervisor shall expend
the money collected In his district.
These districts, however, being set
off according to population vary great
ly in revenue. The districts including
mountainous country are usually
sparsely settled and are therefore
A
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY GAL—.
larger than other districts In the richer
and more level country, so that under
the present laws, the larger districts
having the most road mileage and the
most difficult and costly roads to con
struct and maintain, usually have the
least money available, while the more
thickly populated, smaller and usually
more level districts, where the road
mileage is less and the expense of
building and maintaining roads is least,
have the most money.
But that Is not all, the foregoing evils
are further aggravated under our pres
ent laws in the following manner:
The Board of Supervisors divide the
several Supervisor districts into road
districts, which in practice amounts to
each Supervisor dividing his district
into such road districts as he chooses.
The road taxes collected in each road
district are expended in that district
only.
Now, human nature is selfish and the
result is that the more populous and
richer sections by the weight of their
influence in elections have always suc
ceeded in having themselves set off in
road districts by themselves, which
necessarily sets off the poorer sections
also by themselves, and thus we have
the same anomaly repeated again, of
the district having the most
difficult and costly roads to maintain
having the least revenue, and the more
thickly populated districts with less
road mileage, where the expense of
building and maintaining roads Is less,
having the most revenue.
How any sane person can expect to
maintain general roads, traversing a
number of road districts, In anything
like a uniform or fair condition un
der such circumstances is beyond com
prehension. Under such a system the
county presents the appearance qf a
patchwork quilt, so far as roads are
concerned, and under such a system
we can never have good roads.
The capacity of a road's service is
limited to the worst part of It; no
greater load can be hauled over it than
over the worst part of It.
The present road system is a relic of
a bygone primitive age and should be
changed as early as practicable.
One of the first and fundamental
changes that are needed is a classifica
tion of roads. There are two separate
and distinct classes of publio roads,
vis:
General or principal roads and local
roads, the one traveled by people
generally and the other merely by peo
ple of a neighborhood; the one has to
bear a heavy traffic and the other only
light traffic, therefore the one must
be constructed better and more sub
stantial than the other; the one serves
many people and the other compara
tively few. In a word they serve dif
ferent purposes and require different
administration. Some central county
authority must administer the general
county roads, while the local roads
may with advantage be administered
by local authority.
The general county roads should be
built and maintained by taxation upon
all the taxable property of the county,
including that In incorporated cities
and towns, and local roads should be
built and maintained by taxation in
the local road districts. The two funds
should be separate and distinct. The
State should also aid In maintaining
general county roads In a similar man
ner and upon the same principle that
it assists In maintaining our public
schools.
State institutions are lo
cated the State should construct and
maintain necessary streets or roads,
to serve at the same time as models,
through or fronting its property, for
the reason that the State pays no road
laxes and it is unjust to Impose tne
burden of maintaining those streets or
mads through or fronting State prop
erty upon the «'ity or road district
The local roads should be administer
ed by a board of three trustees in each
road district, elected in the same man
ner as School Trustees are elected, and
to serve as School Trustees now do,
without pay. They should employ a
roadmaster, the same as School Trus
tees employ a teacher, and they should
estimate annually the amount neces
sary to build and maintain their local
roads, which, within the limits provid
ed by law, should be levied by the Su
pervisors on the property in the dls
trict.
The segregation of general county
roads from local roads will make it
practicable to bave all the work on the
general county roads done by contract,
construction as well as maintenance.
For purpose of maintenance the general
county roads should be divided into
sections and the care and maintenance
thereof given out by contract, with
proper safeguards, to the lowest and
best bidder.
These provisions will eliminate poll
tics from the road system altogether.
In a large State like California, pre
senting so many different conditions
and topographical features, no set of
minute rigid rules can be adopted for
the classification of general and local
roads applicable all over the State, and
the determination of the question must
to a great extent be left to the Board
of Supervisors in each county.
The State law should make certain
general requirements as to width and
grades and so forth of general county
roads, but it should be left to each
county, through its Board of Supervis
ors, to classify its roads.
The State law should provide regula
tions and standards for the construc
tion and maintenance of general
county roads which the State assists
in maintaining. Such State aid should
be in the form of a bounty or pre
mium of a certain amount paid to the
county road fund for each mile of
road constructed and maintained ac
cording to State standards and re
quirements.
If this standard requires an aver
age expenditure of from $3000 to $5000
per mile of road, and if the State aid
for maintenance were $500 ncr mile
of such roads, there is no danger
that the State treasury would be
swamped • by State aids to roads,
for people would not be very eager to
expend $5000 to get $500 from the
State for maintaining it. And besides
it would be of slow growth, for after
maintaining their general roads out of
the general county road fund the
County Road Commissioners would not
have money available to build many
miles of standard road in each year;
but the State aid would act as an in
centive and the object lesson to the
people in each county, of a few miles
of standard road would popularize
them, and after a beginning was once
made a greater proportion would be
constructed each year thereafter, so
that in ten or twenty years our, main
roads would probably all be standard
roads. Such roads when once construct
ed are maintained with comparatively
little expense, which in time, with the
State aid to help out the county fund,
would help to construct more and more
standard roads.
Under the present law each Road
Commissioner and roadmaster works
his road according to his own ideas,
which are often very crude and fre
quently wasteful.
Road building is a trade or business
as" much as house building is. No sano
man would spend many thousands of
dollars each year in any construction
or business in the way our road funds
are expended.
There ought to be certain standards
and regulations adopted for the con
struction, repair and maintenance of
the different classes of roads, which
should be published in each county
under some general requirements to
be prescribed by State law. and public
money should only be expended in ac
cordance with such requirements.
In that case the people could see and
watch if the requirements were com
plied with, and money would not then
be wasted, as it now often is.
For the purpose of gradually better
ing existing roads the law should also
provide that certain minimum propor
tion of all road taxes collected be ex
pended only for permanent improve
ments of such roads until they are
brought up to the standards and re
quirements adopted.
Summarizing our conclusions we rec
ommend that our road laws be changed
to provide as fundamental features the
following:
First—Classification of public roads
into local roads, general county roads
and standard county roads receiving
State aid.
Second—That the State law shall
prescribe certain general regulations
and standards for the construction,
repair and maintenance of local and
general county roads and authorize and
require the Board of Supervisors in
each county to provide further gen
eral regulations and standards, within
the limits allowed by State law for
such construction, repair, maintenance,
within each county, and that the State
law shall prescribe all regulations and
standards for the construction, repair
and maintenance of standard county
reads receiving State aid.
All such regulations to be published
so as to be in the hands of all the
officials, including local trustees and
road overseers and citizens generally,
and that no public money shall be ex
pended except in accordance with such
regulations and standards.
Third—That local roads shall be un
der the control of a board of three
trustees in each district, elected as
School Trustees are now elected, who
shall employ a road overseer for each
district, in a similar manner as school
trustees employ a teacher.
The construction, repair and mainte
nance of local roads shall be under the
immediate control of the road trustees
and overseers of the several road dis
tricts under the general supervision
of the County Board of Road Com
missioners and county road superin
tendent.
For the construction, repair and
maintenance of local roads, local taxes
6hall be levied and collected in the re
spective road districts upon estimates
furnished by such local trustees within
the limits to be prescribed by law.
Fourth—That there shall be In each
county a County Board of Road Com
sioners and a county road superin
tendent, who must be a properly quali
fied civil engineer.
That such County Road Commission
ers be elected by the qualified electors
of the county at large, and that those
first elected shall hold office for two.
four and six years respectively, and
thereafter one to be elected at each
general election and hold office for six
years, and that the county road su
perintendent shall be elected by the
Board of Supervisors in each county.
Fifth—That such County Board of
Road Commissioners shall have juris
diction over all matters relating to the
construction, repair and maintenance
of the general county roads and stand
ard or State-aided roads, and that they
and the county road superintendent
shall exercise a supervisory control
over the local road trustees and over
expenditures for local roads in a simi
lar manner as the County Board of Ed
ucation and School Superintendent su
pervise the local School Trustees.
Sixth—That the general county roads
and standard or State-aided roads shall
be constructed and maintained by tax
ation of all the taxable property in the
county as a whole, including that in
cities and incorporated towns, and that
the State shall contribute from the
State treasury a certain sum per mile
annually for the maintenance of such
roads, when constructed according to
prescribed State standards and require
ments, and when such roads have been
accepted by the State, as constructed
according to the requirements provided
by law, such State aid to cease when
ever said roads are not maintained ac
cording to such standards and require
ments. That the State shall pay for
the construction, repair and mainten
ance of all streets or public roads front
ing upon or passing through State
property.
Seventh—That all work on general
county roads and standard or State
aided roads, either construction or re
pair, or maintenance, shall be done by
contract, under proper safeguards and
restrictions, and shall be let to the low
est and best bidder, and that for the
purpose •of repair and maintenance
such roads shall be divided into con
venient sections.
Eighth—That for the purpose of
bringing existing roads to the stand
ards and requirements adopted the law
require a certain minimum proportion
of road funds collected to be expended
only for the permanent Improvements
thereon until such roads are brought
up to such standards. «Copyright, 1004. by Charles P. Dryden.
WHEN all else fails and the
whole world seems turned
against a fellow in distress,
the horse will sometimes
take him in and treat him
kindly. There is a bond of sympathy
between the horse and jackass, wmich
may account for the ease with which
found leaven in a Houston livery
stable. I shared a sunny front box
stall with a large red stallion, with
a low board partition between us. The
steed slept on his feet, while I re
posed in an exploded bale of hay dur
ing the brief spells allowed for slum
ber. A livery stable career is a hec
tic one at best. The hours of work
and rest mingle in a manner to make
the amateur hostler daffy.
The red stallion and 1 got chummy
I DROVE HOME AT 3 A. M.
G/aimmie: Radden —
LITTLE MISS FANNIE was to
have her birthday party and Miss
Fannie told Duchess to send to
dchool for Kiddie, because Little
One wouldn't have no party without
Kiddie was dere to help out on de
proposition. Housekeeper shakes her
head over dis like she heard dat Kiddie
stole a horse or had smallpox.
"It'll do de boy no good at all," she
says, "for to be brought up to tink
dat he's as good as de family. Soiv
ants isn't families and soivants' chil
dren isn't family's children. When
Fables tor the tooush
some time aner mv escape iiom a
railroad camp in the wilds of Texas.
Bunkoed into the swamp in the first
place by means of a pass, I shoveled
soft mud two weeks In order to earn
my fare back to Houston. Thus I re
turned to civilization with a net profit
of 50 cents" and an accumulation of
caked mud on my person which no
wasp could ever hope to acquire. All
I needed was some foliage among my
hair to be a Human Flower Pot. In
that shape I fell into a home among
the horses, but I reached the livery
stable by a painfully circuitous route.
This was it:
On coming back to Houston the dry
culvert that had been my home be
fore seeking genteel employment In
the railroad camp was still open to
me. There I passed a thoughtful
night. The iron foundry was still in
a state of coma and my mud-em
your Napoleon," she says to Duchess,
shaking her coco again, "gets to be a
young man and loins dat he mustn't
speak to little Fannie without being
spoke to and must touch his cap when
he takes an order from her, it will go
hard wit him, because of de foolish
spoiling dat Mr. Paul and Miss Fannie
is giving de child dese days. Of course
your child will be proud and glad to
come to de boithday party, but sor
row de day dat he is let to come as an
equal."
"Merci blen for de good advice,"
says Duchess, "but who told you dat
my boy is to grow up to be a solvent?
Maybe he will be a general in de army,
or de President, or even a chef in a
great hotel. Who knows? Dis is a
free country, and a boy who gets loin
ing and behaves himself and is honest
and wise and industrious has as much
chance of being taken care of by some
nice trust, and made something out
of, as de next boy. Why not?"
"Dose is onlj% de pipe dreams of a
fond mother," says Housekeeper. "I
wishes your son well, Hortense, me
dear, but it will be' better for him to
remember dat de bosses and de trusts
don't go looking around for de sons
of de poor for to boom em. Dere is
enough sons of de rich for to go
around, without calling in any of de
common people. But do let me see de
lad's letter saying how proud he is
dat he gets an invite to Little One's
party. Sure it will near overcome de
poor child."
Say, Housekeeper may be right about
de way she has doped it about dat de
sons of de poor being a long shot when
it comes to deir getting next to de mugs
dat runs de Government and tings, but
she has anodder guess coming to her
about de way Kiddie takes it dat he
is invited to Little One's party. I wrote
to him to tell de Head Teacher dat he
was to come home for de party, and to
*f IS name was Thomas Jefferson,
L_J and he was constructed ac-
I cordlngly. In his youth he was
*S one of the most promising boys
in the neighborhood, and his
promises are still outstanding; so far
as we know, none of them has ever
been paid. His life story Is an illus
tration of one of the saddest facts in
human history, and during our narra
tion It will *be well to keep that fact in
mind. We are not quite sure what it
is we are to illustrate, but we hope to
find out In time to put It In the appen
dix. Then, if the doctors don't re
move the appendix it will be preserved
for the edification of posterity.
In his childhood Thomas Jefferson
was what is known as a. precocious
child. That is, he was one of those
specimens of infant genius designed for
the discouragement of social inter
course with his family. He could put
the boy on the burning d*k and then
go off and leave him there three times
in one evening, and come up smiling
each time. He could also give an Imi
tation of the boy soprano in the city
choir almost as good as tne real thing.
His parents were sure that he was in
tended for something great, and their
efforts were directed toward fostering
that belief in the mind of their Inno
cent offspring. Parents have a good
deal to answer for, although it Is sad
tv think that any one should have to
answer for Thomas Jefferson.
When that» budding genius had
reached an age when even his own
parents were willing to dispense with
4
#On and OfF the Bread Wa <s on
JSe_r_d Hard LtickTales and Doir___ of an. AxxxsCtexsrMoho
balmed ga no ste red me off the
track of other joos. I was a hobo for
fair. The railroad track leading
north looked good to me, so at day
light on the second morning I moved
away from Houston on foot, never to
return. Any old place would do. My
one ambition was to shake the dust
of Texas from my feet. The soil is
not so easy to shake when a fellow Is
Japanned with that rich alluvium.
By noon I wearied of the telegraph
poles and hand car shanties • flitting
past. At these latter institutions I
paused and asked for work, but my
nationality was against me. Keenly
did I regret not having been born a
Swede or Italian, so as to inherit a pair
of leather pants from my father and a
good job in America. At midday I
left the track and took a short nap in
a clump of trees. Professional tsamps
sleep in the middle of the day, and I
had been long enough in the business
to enjoy certain of the luxuries. I
awoke with a new idea, which was to
switch off into the country and hire out
to a farmer. All the train robber, cow
boy and Texas ranger romance had
been jolted out of me by this time, and
I actually yearned to be a farmer. A
wagon road led away from the track
through woods and swamps, and I fol
lowed it, keeping a sharp lookout for
farms. Here and there stood a negro
cabin in the center of a dead and bar
ren fleld, with no sign of life. These
were not the kind of farms I had seen
In Illinois and lowa. The idea of be
coming a tiller of the soil began to
ooze, but there was no use turning
back.
Along toward dusk the smoke and
spires of a city loomed up in the dis
tance, and at sight of them I cut the
last link that bound me to the farmers.
In this new city, the name bf which I
didn't know, I would find friends and
work and get on my feet, or rather off
them, for I was pretty tired. Within
ar mile of the place I met up with a
truck farm, aglow with early spring
vegetables. The owner, a thin man,
with pale whiskers, was pulling weeds
near the fence. I hung my chin over
the top rail, and asked him the name of
the town.
"Houston," he said, without looking
up.
"What!" I yelled. "Houston, did you
say? Why, I left there early this morn
ing, and have been walking all day."
The truck farmer straightened his
long, lean back, and took a good look
at me.
Enlivens a. Children's Pcrty.
chase himself along. Dis is de letter I
gets from him in answer. Copy It as
he .wrote it, for he doesn't sling de
American langwudge so good as me,
and I don't want to trun no bouquets
at him like reporting him in me own
woids. Here's de letter:
"Dear Dad I take my pen in my
left hand because my right got a swat
from a hockey stick by a boy playing
off which < licked him after the game
to tell you that I have your letter to
come home. That is too bad. If I
have to go to Fannies party I'll miss
the inter-school hockey championship
game and that Is better than any old
party especial by girls. Girls are no
good. If you play with them you can't
play hard because nurse will tell if you
nock them down which is what any
boy gets licked for. For telling. Be
sides they can't fight. Girls can't.
What good are they then?-- Besides, a
fellow has always to remember to be
polite to girls or get called to the sta
bles to find out what else a hitching 4
strap is for besides hitching. I know
that already. Being polite is no good.
Of course I am polite to seenyers be
cause they are bigger and can fight
too. But one seenyers said to fne
Fadden you did not call me Mister
when we came out of chapel this
morning and I will spank you so that
you will remember to be polite. I
told him that a spanking didn't help
politeness and that the reason I didn't
call him Mister was that I was trad
ing hockey sticks with a fellew and
forgot. So he took my hockey stick
*nd let me off. I won fifty cents from
a boy who gets a big allowance but
doesn't know heads from tales and so
is a easy mark matching nickels, and
I will gjve the fifty cents to Fanie if
she will let me off from the party. I
know the kinds of kids who will be at
her party and they are bum. Their
hair kurls and their nales are pink
like a woman's. To the candy shop
with such kids. They play ring around
a rosy and when I say lets play seeing
his Bociety it was decided to palm him
oft on an unsuspecting college for four
or five years, as the case might be.
While he was absorbing an education
and learning how to inhale a cigarette
without coughing Thomas Jefferson
was giving a steady imitation of an all
round Intellectual champion- He wrote
poetry for the college paper which he
could almost have sold to one of the
big magazines; his college play was ad
mitted to be a corker although for some
invidious reason another fellow landed
the assignment for the college show;
and his stories came within a few
inches of making a big hit. Each time
Thomas Jefferson turned out some
thing good In one or the other of these
fields of intellectual gymnastics he was
assured by all his admiring friends
that if he stuck to it he would probably
make a great name for himself some
day and might even earn enough
money to pay his laundry blue. But
Thomas could always think of some
thing else that he would rather tarn
his attention to at the moment, arid
besides doing too much of one thing
looked too much like hard work.
This was all right in college, for no
one expects a college boy to overtax
his brain. If he actually studied now
and then he might take to asking ques
tions of his professors and then the
whole academic structure, would be
overturned. So we reaffirm that It is
all very well for the hunter of the
elusive sheepskin to dally with his In
tellect and guide It hither and yon,
but when It comes down to business
where a man expects to be paid real
money by some one else the case is
somewhat different, as we shall see In
our consideration of Thomas Jefferson.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL).
"Young stranger," he said, "I ain't
deef and I ain't crazy. That's Houston.
Be you all going thar?"
He put the query in such a tone that
I at once hiked on to Houston, without
further parley. What's the use, I ar
gued. The man lives here and I'm a
stranger in these parts. He ought to
know. But how did I get back to Hous
ton, after walking for ten hours away
from that place? This proposition made
me dizzy. In books of adventure I had
read of lost people wandering In a
circle. I was not lost, for there was
Houston In plain view. Apparently I
had got fatally bent on my travels.
The wagon road, crossed by other
trails, wound about the country and
led me astray. It all seems funny now.
but the ring I walked around a town
ship was no joke in those days. No
matter whether I rode or strolled away
from Houston the city was bound to
turn up again and haunt me. As I
neared my bad ->enny I fretted lest
another hobo had found the dry cul
vert.
My happy home was still to let and,
footsore and disgusted, I passed the
night there, with a homeless dog, who
came in from a late foray, smelling of
food I would have been tempted to eat
had he brought home some.
One word in this sign, "Livery,
Boarding and Sale Stable," on a large
building led me to try my luck among
the horses. The word would stand no
show on the puzzle page, for you have
all guessed it by this time. The stable
proprietor did not at first want any
hostlers, but he took an interest in the
mud I carried and asked me how I got
it. That query opened up a vein of
conversation that eventually landed me
in the box stall with the red stallion.
In three weeks of diligent hustling I
had earned 80 cents in bunches of 30
and 50 cents and I doubtless resembled
the first installment of my Texas in
come.
The liveryman had a big heart and
I'll never forget him. When I had
reeled off my tale of woe he asked me
why I didn't come to him when I first
struck town. Then he led the way to a
restaurant and fed the queerest patron
ever seen In that place. He remained
and watched me eat and it was well
he did, for no one but a horse owner
could have paid the bill. In a voice
choked with wonder and emotion the
horsey Samaritan offered me a position
as chambermaid in his livery stable at
three per week and board. He and his
wife lived In the upper part of the
stable and boarded the hands.
By ELdwsvrd lownscncl.
who can stand bending his fingers
back the farthest they cry. They are
no better than girls themself.
"If I must come, please tell the gard
ner to let the hose run on the back
lawn so that we will have some Ice to
play hocky on before the party, and
that will make* It not so hard to stand.
I got ten in lattan gramer the other
day on the paper of a boy I swiped
from him, and he got a licking on my
paper he gave teecher thinking it was
his own. It is easy to learn knowledge
when you sleep next to a boy who lets
his room work papers loose where they
can be copied if not swiped. There are
no papers to be handed in in fizzlcal
culture I wish there was because the
fizzical culture teacher who is an old
friend of yours says I would get a ten
mark in boxing every day and two of
them on Saturdays. I don't see why
there are other studies besides fizzical
culture, but I suppose lattan and frac
tions are give to the boys so that other
teechers can have work to do.
"Lovinly,
"James Napoleon Emmet Fadden."
"P. S. Tell dear Mamma that the
box came with the warm gloves and
the cakes which made a hit. It was
to celebrate a game we won. Dear
dear mamma is always so' good. If
she is thinking of sending another box
say that I have all the gloves I need
but home made cakes are the most use
ful article of school attire.
"J. N. E. P.
"P. S. 2: If Fannie wont take my of
fer of fifty cents to be let off of the
party I will try to have the game post
poned so that th«re witi not be all sor
row in this life. Lovingly, NAP."
When we showed dat letter to
Housekeeper she says dat a boy who
didn't know his duty to his betters
no more dan our boy would tom out
someting bad for sure—be a lawyer or
someting like dat.
Kiddie came and he didn't have so
woise a time at dat. Gardner tolned
de hose on de 'lawn and made a fine
Naturally Thomas Jefferson's first
thought after being released from the
academic pasture was of newspaper
work.
It is a strange fact, but a true one,
that about seventy-five per cent, of
the men who emerge into the world
yearly from the reposeful gloom of our
cloistered halls of learning have their
eye on some poor newspaper which
they think needs bracing up, and at
least fifty per cent of them actually try
it. It must be because most young men
think of the newspaper man as a leis
urely individual, who spends most of ihs
time eating breakfast with Senator
Piatt or careering around the country
in a special train with the President
sending back telegrams to his paper
when he feels like it. When they dis
cover that newspaper work is very
much like other work, only harder, they
change their minds and ask for a job
on the street cleaning force, where they
can work easy hours and be sure of
their Job for at least three weeks in
succession.
But as we said before, Thomas Jeffer
son made a straight break, for a news
paper office as soon as he felt the
asphalt under his feet and announced
that he was prepared to accept a posi
tion. After cooling his heels in two
or three offices Thomas Jefferson man
aged to get on the blind side of a city
editor and was given an assignment
to cover a cat show. His copy passed
muster and he was gradually promoted
to higher things such as the strika. of
the sign painters' union and accidents
om the elevated railroad and other phe
nomena of modern civilization. The
road seemed open to him all the way up
—or down—to the managing editor's
Then I went to bunk in with the
equines. My duties consisted of mak- %
ing beds for the horses and giving a
massage to overheated hack teams
with a bit of gunny sack. Another
hostler cut my hair with a pair of
horse clippers while I sat on a bucket,
and then he helped me to take a bath
with the hose in the buggy washing
department. It was a buggy wash all
right. During these operations I lost
considerable mud and felt better for
it. I had a good home in the stable.
It was killing work to tumble out of
my hay at odd hours and dry a team
of lather-covered horses, but I soon
got used to it. My roommate snorted
and kicked a great deal in the night
with big iron-shod hoofs, and his res«
tive demeanor robbed me of much
sleep.
Among the patrons of the stable
was a half-breed Mexican named
Wood, who drove a night hack, pay
ing a stated sum for the nocturnal use
of the team and vehicle. The fact
that Mr. Wood had lost the greater
part of his nose, bitten off in a friend
ly argument with a fellow night
hawk, did not predispose one in his
favor, but he took a hot fancy to me.
The reason did not appear till later.
One evening Mr. Wood said he
had never seen a white person with
whom he would rather associate than
myself. That was flattering some, as
the hackman had negro blood in him.
My many sterling traits of mind and
character, to say nothing of the way
I rubbed sweaty horses, appealed so
strongly to Mr. Wood he actually
pined for my society. He spoke about
it himself. In fact, rather than mis**
hobnobbing with me, at least part of
the time, the enamored Mr. Wood of
fered me $1 per night to sit with him
on the box seat of the hack and con
verse on general topics. As he was
willing to pay for good society, and 1
needed the money, I agreed to bright
en the life of the lonely hackman,
since a shift of hours had given me
the day watch at the barn.
Night after night, at 8 o'clock, the
hack rolled out of the stable. Mr.
Wood sat on the box, soaking up social
distinction, with mo by his side. When
waiting at the hack stand in front of
a saloon, the driver allowed me to curl
up on the cushions and sleep while he
stood at the bar and drank milk
punches. Sometimes he favored me
with one of those invigorating bever
ages, but with a fare inside I had to
be on the seat with him. On most of
skating rink on it and Kiddie teached
us all de game of hocky, which I used
to play on de Bowery when de cops
was off post, but we called it shinny.
It isn't much of a game, but de skat
ing dat goes wit it gives a toist dat
makes it very strong with Mr. Paul.
Him and me was out on de ice practic
ing some of de fine points de day of de
party, when he sees Kiddie and Little
Fannie looking out of Little One's
noissery window and he motions 'em
to come down and have a hand in de
practice. Pretty soon dey chases out,
all bundled up in cloaks, and puts on
deir skates and soon we was having all
sorts of fun; me and Little One play
ing sides against Mr. Paul and Kiddie.
Little One got a tumble about ten
times a minute, but she didn't care, for
she Is a sport for sure and de more
tumbles de more laughing and de
more laughing de more Mr. Paul
plugged de game, till all de lot of us
was near dying from laughing, dough
wit falls and sweating we was pretty
well soaked inside and out. Dat was
de layout when all of a sudden Miss
Fannie, Duchess and Little One's
noisse come running and sets up a
holler did we know what time it was,
and what day it was?
"De house is half full of children
come to Fannies party," says Miss
Fannie, giving Mr. Paul de Injured
eye, "and here Is Fannie playing out
here and not even dressed yet, I sup
pose."
Den de noisse chips in soft and low
and says dat Fannie was dressed, and
Miss Fannie lifts de cloak Little One
weats and sees her It+iti dolky fluffy
lace and jimerack dress wilted, torn
and wet. She gives Mr. Paul a look
den dat makes him shrink a foot, but
it was a loving smile along side of de
look Duchess gives me when she takes
off Kiddie's long coat and gets a peek
at his angel-boy velvet close. Well,
say. dey was sights for fair.
Duchess gives one peek and den she
starts to give me what the tought
roll-top desk, when he suddenly dis
covered that he was the fond parent
of a brand new idea for a musical
comedy. Now, a man who has un
earthed something new in the way of
a musical comedy has no business to
conceal his light under a bushel or In
the city room of a vulgar newspaper
office, so Thomas Jefferson resigned his
position—and himself to the inevitable
—and foregathered with bis intellect in
the hall room-ef a Harlem boarding
house.
At the end of that time he had com
pleted the layout for the costumes in
the second act and was almost ready
to think about beginning to get ready
to write the play, had it not happened
as he was shaving one morning that
he conceived of a way by which he
could beat the stock market and so
hand out a few hot ones to the pluto
crats of Wall street. His play was
allowed to languish in the durance vile
of his bottom bureau drawer while
Thomas Jefferson hied him away to the
home of the bulls and bears and the
lambs that are led to the slaughter.
His plan consisted of the simple
method of buying when prices are low
and selling when they are high. As
no one had ever though of that before,
T. Jefferson reaped an exceeding great
profit, being able to pay his office rent
in advance for as much as a whole
month—sometimes.
Then he concluded that the sordid
materialism of the commercial world
was too trying for his sensitive nerves.
Anyway he had always intended to be
a lawyer, although he had never
thought of It before. Therefore he
sold his office furniture and hired
himself out to a disciple of Blajckstone
the trips I drove along the dimly light
ed streets, at the request of Mr. Wood,
who assured me that all great hack
men had to learn to handle the rib
bons at some time or another, and that
he took genuine pleasure in teaching
ma
The nights were chilly, and I had no
overcoat. My friend bought me one
just like his own. He said if I caught
cold and died my folks at Mudville, 111.,
never would forgive him for exposing
my health. He also gave me a hat that
resembled his.
Along toward 3 or 4 o'clock in the
morning business grew slack and Mr.
Wood had me drive him home. He lived
on the other side of town, two miles
from the stable, but he always trusted
me with the task'of taking the team
back. Arriving at his house. Mr.
Wgod handed me a silver dollar, and
followed by an affectionate "good
nieht, my boy," I drove through the
middle of the town to the stable.
Those lonely trips were proud epochs
In my young life. With coat collar up
and hat brim down, I fancied that my
clever handling of the reins led boozy
rounders to mistake me for the gifted
Mr. Wood. For more than a week I
enjoyed these thrills, and then one
night the hackman failed to call for
"THE LIVERY STABLE CHAMBERMAID SHARED A BOX STALL,'"
would do me good. Honest, unless
you has a fren' who happens to
be French you can't tink what beau
tiful langwudge Duchess was slinging
out to me till Mr. Paul stops her wit
saying dat it was all his fault, for
he'd called de kiddies out to play, not
remembering dat It was party lay,
nor knowing dat de kiddies was
dressed In deir party close. But dat
only bottled up Duchess, and when
she did uncork on me later I heard
meself called everything but a gent,
in French.
Dey hustled de kiddies to deir
rooms and dressed 'em up again and
dey got to de party before ice cream
time, after all. Den dey played
hockey In de music-room, dat having
fewer tings dat would smash dan any
odder room, and Kiddie teached de
boys and goils his school yell, and I
guess had a better time dan he reck
oned on, especial because one little
fellow offered to go out to the stable
and fight him when Kiddie offered to
cut off his curls. Dey made a sneak
to de stables and was having a lovely
MnK—Little Master Curls putting up
a pretty good fight at dat —when de
coachman sends for me to call time.
When Kiddie had went back to
school and I comes to think it over,
I guesses dat Kiddie wouldn't get no
more invites to Fannies parties, but I
changed me mind. Little Fannie
comes to me and she says, "Chames,"
she says, "you must teach me t how
to box."
"Sure, Little One," I says, "but what
for?" . ,
"So I can marry Napoleon," she
says, as sober as a Judge in de Tombs.
"I asked Napoleon to marry me," she
says, "but he didn't want to promise
because I am a goil. He said goils
couldn't box, and what was the use
of marrying a poison dat couldn't
box?"
"If dats the case," I says, "I'll tell
your fadder to get some boxing
gloves dat will fit you, and give you
BY NICn9ib43
> NEMO*
who put in his working hours showing
the promoters of a trust how they
could beat the Sherman law to death,
except in campaign time when he dis
coursed eloquently on the necessity of
suppressing the abuses of corporate
power. Thomas Jefferson rather fan
cied himself in this game of playing
both ends against the middle and de
cided that It was Blackstone for his.
Ab our patient hearers have prob
ably anticipated by this time, his
fourth act on the broad stage of real
life was very much like his other three.
He made a great play at the galleries
for two or three months and then
quietly faded away because some
easier and more popular way of mak
ing a living had occurred to him. In
the course of the next ten years he was
successively—and rofire or less success
fully—a school teacher, a corn doctor,
a book agent, a novelist, an employ
ment agent, and the founder and head
of a bureau for the suppression of pro
fanity in college football. There were
two or three other callings which he
graced, but we mention only those to
which he stuck for at least two
months. In his present industrial in
carnation he is selling life Insurance
and has probably found his permanent
level. No one was ever known to re
cover after having been inoculated
with the life insurance virus.
Some people may think that we
have related this touching tale for our
own amusement, but we haven't.
Tragedy for its own sake is not in our
line. Our sole purpose is the inculca
tion of the grand moral lesson that
while a little knowledge may be a dan
gerouß thing, it's usually most danger
ous to the man who doesn't possess it.
the team at the usual hour. About It
o'clock I strolled uptown. A mob had
collected In and around the Morgue,
and I, too, went In. On a slab In the
back room rested my late friend, Mr.
Wood, with four Winchester bullets in
him, placed where they would do the
most good.
From the talk I learned that he and
his hack had been mixed up in an ab
duction case from another town. Mr.
Wood expected the avengers, all right,
but he didn't»know just when, and I —
cheerful and obliging idiot —had con
sented to pose as living breastworks,
and substitute for the modest sum of
SI per night, not in advance. Why the
men with the guns got him instead of
me is something which Providence
alone can explain. What a mark I
would have been driving back alone
from Wood's house to the stable had
the avengers been about at that time.
But they came late, and I lived to
spend the few dollars earned in the hu
man breastworks businecs. Since that
time I have been more or less stingy
with my society. Rather than let it
out at that price per evening 1 nocked
by myself. What I did with the little
side money earned on the hack is re
lated in the next chapter, in which I
escape from Texas on a fluke.
some lessons. When are you to
marry?"
"As soon as I have saved enough
money to buy icecream for de wed
ding party," she says, "and Napoleon
has got out of fractions."
Women is queer even when dey Is
goils.
(Copyright, 1905, by Edward Town
send.)
It also demonstrates that in addition
to being aware of the things which
you can do, It is advisable to have a
corrected list of the things which you
can't do.
(Copyrighted, 1904, by Albert Britt.)VT)(\t women
f
BY iMADGE MOORE
• y—y ;n-:i:r.Fi:LNESS is one of the
/ / roost precious gifts the gods be-
W *) stow, and it is valued by them
far more than gold, silver or pra
ties. It is a something that
n Hates and sends out glittering,
lug beams of light and sunshine,
it in such an offhand, un
: | of way that it is a 4ou
bfe joy forever.
•• Yet •. be cheerful under all circum
stan - neither sensible nor kind.
times When real sorrow has
1 at the door of the heart for
and on such occasions it is
far b >tter to steal quietly away, for the
sound of a laugh, or a smiling, happy
:rakes the very soul shudder and
the heart turn to its sorrow with more
'/bitterness than ever.
• ■ Those who are so light hearted that
they can not suppress their joy and
still continue to bubble over in the
presence of real grief are more out of
place and infinitely more cruel than
the morbid ones who persist in bringing
their sour looks and speeches into
places of joy, for while one depresses
apd oasts its gloom about in shadows,
the other cuts with all the sharpness of
a two-edged knife.
The dismal wet-blanket, who always
feels it her bounden duty to throw a
•damper over every one and every thing
with her mournful voice and utterly
woe-begone face, can be unceremoni
ously hustled out of the way or threat
ened with the tickling process employed
•by the inquisitors of old, but there is
.'absolutely no remedy for the imp of
cheerfulness and mirth who skips
;a'bout at all sorts of untimely hour 3
..and places with never a thought for the
:c'onvenience or feelings of any one but
;.itself..
; -Unfortunately there are always
fscores of people who imagine they have
"more trials and tribulations than any
•one else in the length and breadth of
.the land and they are ever ready to
•ma.ke mountains out of mole hills. No
.'ma-tter what one might say or do, it
would be ali the same and nothing
cpuld- be just exactly right. If one
laughed hard feelings would be prompt
ly stored up against one for being cal
lous and entirely without sympathy,
/and if, on the other hand, one cried,
.the same hurt feelings would be care
fully done up in lavender to be aired at
_yme future day.
There are people who are aggressive
ly hopeful and cheerful, but, alas and
alack, that is only when the shoe
pinches the other fellow. It is far
easier and ever so much more comfort
ing to take a light view of others' sor
rows than It is to expend energy and
time battling over them, but these self
same people are quick enough to cry
aloud to ihe gods and tear their, hair in
:.their frenzy when grief stops at their
own door. They entirely forget that all
•Softs and conditions of trials should be
;taken as a joke "as long it it won't do
/.'any particular amount of good to go
■ About crying over It," and they forget
"that one should take it easy, because
will come out all right in
the end, any way."
Surely it is the better way to scatter
sunshine as one goes along, but there
is a decided knack in knowing just how
and when to scatter It. Many and
many a well-meant kindness is a mis
taken one, and really does much more
harm than good. For instance, there is
■ a custom, and an abominable one it is,
too, of gotng to "cheer up the family."
In a home that has been visited by the
angel of death. In trying to cheer up
:the family, nine out of ten people sue
; eeed la being a cheerful fool and a
.nuisance in the bargain, for real sor
row is something that time alone can
heal, and It Is little short of a sacrilege
to enter such a home and tranquilly
point out the utter folly of this, that
and the other thing.
.' Yet this little imp of cheerfulness is
many, many times the advance agent
of kindness and tenderness. It really
ish'.t the big things of life that count
so much as It Is the little, every-day
happenings. The big sorrows are so
overwhelming and so great that one
usually manages to rise above them,
but It is the petty trifles that vex the
soul and cause the pleasure of the day
to-be marred.
. There Is not a household but has need
of - a little more sunshine, not a home
■but that would be happier for a little
more cheer. The girl who has certain
tasks to perform about the house can
radiate a feeling of Joy If she sings as
she dusts, Instead of grumbling and
knocking the bric-a-brac about In a
feckless fashion. Maybe she doesn't
enjoy It. but just as long as it must be
dose, why not do it cheerfully and with
as good grace as is possible.
It certainly is not pleasant to have
one of the family pull nearly ex'ery hair
out of one's head during the process of
a shampoo, but on the other hand, it is
not an etpeclelly enjoyable task in the
first place, and if one is willing to put
down a good book and dive Into the
mysteries of hair-washing, the least re
ward one is entitled to Is silence.
• Being sensitive and being surly are
Just as different as day is from night.
, The girl who imagines every little
laugh is at her expense or that every
knowing glance is aimed to ridicule her
Is indeed unfortunate, but does she
gain anything by crawling into the cor
ner and freezing up like a first-class
Iceberg? At first she feels hurt, then
atfgry and then revengeful, but during
ali these processes she is nothing more
or less than the despised wet blanket,
for as long as she is unhappy she wills
that others shall be wrapped In the
same, drab-colored covering of gloom.
Such a one is not much like the lit
tle Vomen who was noted for her
.smiling face and cheerful words.
When asked If she ever lqst her tem
per, she laughingly replied: 'Well, you
see. I have lost nearly everything
.else. I have neither money nor gifts
to bestow upon my friends nor can I
do much toward strewing pleasure in
their path, but I can add my mite of
cheer." Nothing to give, yet she free
ly and grateTully gave of the best and
most priceless thing she possessed—
nerself.
Every one knows that a hasty word,
a petulant gesture will cause a mer
THE POWER
curial nature to vibrate ana rise or fall
according to the human thermometer.
A scornful glance will effectually seal
the Hps th?.t have been laughing mer
rily a moment before and will cast
the devil who presides over low spirits,
melancholy and depression into one's
very teeth.
This is especially true when "two's
company, three's a crowd." There is
no one present to turn to, no one who
will stand meekly by and listen at
tentively while troubles and vexations
are being aired and hung on the line.
For an idle word, said more than half
in jest, a whole day is ruined, when
it might quite as well have been a
landmark In memory's tablet.
The power of cheerfulness is al
most absolute. It makes of one an
angel of mercy, loved by all, or a
blithering idiot, whose life is one great
intrusion. It is One thing to know
sorrow and grief and yet make a brave
front to the world and quite another
to chatter of one's woes to all who will
listen until they are ready to fly to
the tall timbers or do almost anything
to escape persecution.
It undoubtedly is a kindness to weep
with those who mourn and then kind
ly and lovingly show them that it Is
always darkest just before dawn, but
is It a kindness to listen and sympa
thise with those who always fancy
they have more troubles than any one
else on the face of the green globe.
Yet there are scores of Just such peo
ple, as every one finds out sooner or
later, for unfortunately every one does
not think and act as did the little lady
who said:
"If there's one thing I simply cannot
abide In a woman it is the habit of
talking about her troubles, great or
small."
Priscilla having given vent to her
pentup feelings, knitted vigorously on
the slippers she was fashioning for
future gifts. Down the street the fig
ure of a woman was slowly disappear
ing, trolleyward.
Priscilla lifted her eyes Just as the
woman was turning the corner.
"That woman!" she said. "I wouldn't
blame her poor, dear, old husband a
mite if he should elope. No, I
wouldn't."
She turned at this moment to observe
Jack and Dorcas standing in the door
way of the little den, both laughing
heartily.
"Oh, yes, you can both stand there
and laugh, but it was beastly to run
off and leave me with her. Dear knows
what she'll have to tell her husband
this time. Probably that John Lambert
had better pay more attention to his
wife than to that handsome girl who
Is always around."
"Hear! Hear!" cried Jack, doubling
up with merriment- "Isn't she in a
lovely passion!"
"Now. Pris, dear, just cool off a bit,
before you begin ill-treating you*r hus
band. I should think you would be
eternally thankful to me for saving him
from losing his respect for good Mrs.
Black."
"Of course, speaking seriously, I'm
grateful that neither of you were in
flicted with her. But it is unreasonable
to expect me to keep my temper as
long as she was here. She is the most
tactless creature I ever saw. She rub
bers around until she finds out some
thing that I have particularly strong
feelings on, then she takes the antag
onistic view and keeps at it until I
could cry."
"What was It all about this after
noon? I thought she was never going,
and Dorcas insisted that I stay In the
dining-room until she went," and Jack
laughed again at Prise ilia's flushed
face.
"Well, It's a good thing you were out
of earshot She said some things which
I think you would have ordered her out
of the gate for. In fact, I came pretty
near It."
"Out with it, Priscilla, tell us what
she said," and Dorcas brought the
cakes and the tea caddy to the little
table.
"Oh, there's no use going over it all
again. I just happened to remark,
apropos young Mrs. Smithers' divorce,
that I thought it rather bad policy to
bother one's husband with the little
troubles of housekeeping. Well, you
should have teen her take that up and
combat it! My, she really frightened
me. Said that if wives told everything
to their husbands there would be a lot
of trouble saved; that men ought to
know how it was keeping house and
that, the ungrateful brutes, they hadn't
the slightest idea what an amount of
work it was preparing a meal, and how
on earth were they ever to know unless
their wives told them. She declared
that it made a man appreciate his wife
if he knew how hard she worked for
him and she ought to make as much
fuss over little things as she could."
"J hope she didn't succeed in convert
ing you, Prls," and Jack helped himself
to the cakes. "Because, if she did "
"Jack, do you honestly think a wo
man of that type could convert me to
anything?"
"I hope not," and Jack's answer was
fervent.
"You know, both of you, as well as
I do, that'lt is one of my foundation
principles to make as little fuss over
anything as it is possible to make. I
abhor fusses. And as for talking about
my little ones In the
housekeeping line, I mean—l would no
more think of it than I would of fly
ing. Men have troubles enough of
their own. Nine-tenths of the men
realize how much it means to keep
house and appreciate a woman's keep
ing still when things go wrong. Of
course, I talk about some of my
troubles, but what is the use of let
ting my poor friends know that my
laundress is provoking and my grocer
unobliging? It wouldn't do me any
good, and it would only bother them.
Jack does everything he can to shield
me from unpleasant things—why
shouldn't I reciprocate by keeping
the things that annoy me from him?"
"I don't believe In suffering in si
lence, though," and Dorcas spoke vig
orously.
"Nor I," Priscilla admitted.. "But I
do believe in keeping those little
troubles to oneself and not making the
life of the people about you a bur
den."
"Bravo!" cried Jack. "See how I'
have my wife trained in."
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
"It wasn't you who trained me, silly.
It was my mother. She used to say:
'What is the use of making a fuss over
a little thing like that? It can't be
helped, so just keep still about it.' "
"It's a good rule," Dorcas said, "and
I wish my mother had brought me up
in that way. It's habit more or less, I
suppose, but a habit it is hard to form
after one is grown up."
"You bet it Is," Jack interrupted,
"and hard to break. I really would
rather have Priscilla tell me the things
that bother her, but she simply won't—
says she hasn't any bothers "
"And neither I have, goose—none
big enough to bother you with."
+ . +
Answers to
Correspondents
ANNA (French Dressing).—A French
dressing is always nice, and I do not
think one tires of It as quickly as
mayonnaise. It is made with a salt
spoonful of salt, half as much pepper,
one tablespoonful of vinegar and three
large tablespoonfuls of salad oil. Beat
steadily for a few moments in order
that the oil and vinegar may be thor
oughly blended. If you like garlic at
all, rub the inside of the salad bowl
with a clove before making the dress-
ing and you will And it will have a de
licious flavor.
M. E. J. (Barley Water).—To make
ordinary barley water, cover four
tablespoonfuls of cleansed gTain with
cold water and let it soak for eight
or ten hours. Stir this into a quart of
cold water, put in a double boiler and
boil steadily for four and a half hours.
Occasionally add a little boiling water,
as the mixture thickens. By the end of
the boiling period it should be re
duced to a little over a pint of liquid.
Strain through a cheesecloth and set
away to cool. When absolutely cold
It will be solid like a Jelly. Thin this
with hot water or pure milk, as the
age of the baby demands; but be sure
to add a pinch of salt, as it makes the
gruel more palatable.
A. B. C. (Stained Floors).—You can
stain your floors any color you want
by using* the dyes prepared for that
purpose. Oak, mahogany or even wal
nut are used, and now and then a
lighter tone, but any should be satis
factory. After straining use a wax or
a shellac as it gives a good, serviceable
finish.
CITY (Rag Rugs).—Yes. there Is a
place in this city where rag carpets and
rugs can be made. Rag carpets are
usually made of odds and ends, and
they are very pretty when fashioned of
bright colors. You can use wool or
cotton, or both, Just as you please:
but, of course, the woolen carpets wear
by far the best, and, as a rule, look
much better. One-pound balls are
sewed together, and, I believe, it takes
one and a quarter pounds to make a
yard of carpet.
PUZZLED SCIENCE.—I am not able
to explain the theory of scienoe, but I
know that there is a book called "Sci
ence and Health," and It will In all
probability smooth away your troubles.
Read it two or three times slowly and
deliberately or you may not derive the
desired benefits from It. I cannot give
you the names of any healers through
the medium of this paper, but will
gladly send you a list If you will sup
ply me with your real name and ad
dress.
SEARCHER (Moth Patches).—l am
sorry the peroxide did not bleach your
face sufficiently, but will give you an
other remedy:
Alreate of copper 15 grains
Ointment of oxide of zlnc.% ounce
Rub into the spots morning and
night.
Mind, you, this is for the yellow spots
on your face, and be careful where you
put It. There is but one more recipe
that I can give you, but I might as well
add it to the list. This, however, Is for
moth patches or liver spots, bet If the
other fails, give it a trial:
Kaolin 4 grammes
Lanolin 10 grammes
Glycerin 4 grammes
Carbonate of magnesia. 2 grammes
Oxide of zinc 2 grammes
This should be applied to the spot
before retiring and should remain on
until the next morning. Remove with
the aid of tepid water and a little pure
soap. Repeat the application as often
as necessary.
BLEACH (Peroxide). —No, peroxide
is anything but a stain. In fact It will
make your hair very fair. There are
many things that will make your hair
a dark brown, but this one is easy
to use: Pyrogallic acid one-quarter
ounce, distilled water (hot) IY4. ounces.
D!ssolve and when the solution has
cooled add gradually rectified spirits
one-quarter (fluid) ounce. This is full
strength and will make your hair al
most black, so dilute it with water un
til you get it from a dark tone to the
one you particularly want.
MRS. J. M. (Pie Crust). —As you did
not give me your old recipe I am not sure
but that I am giving you one that you
are already familiar with: For a single
pie take two cups of sifted flour, a
half cup of butter, a* small pinch of
salt. Heap two tablespoonfuls of white
sugar (granulated is best), one table
spoonful of lemon juice, two table
spoonfuls of cold water and the yolk
of an egg. Rub the butter, flour, salt
and sugar together until they are
creamy. Then make the yolk of egg,
lemon juice and water into a paste.
Place the whole on a pastry board and
pat with the rolling piii until it Is
flaky and white. Then roll out the
proper size and place in the pie plate.
JESSIE Hair). —There are
many things that are used to keep
one's hair In curl, but I do not know
of a single one that Is very successful
in wet weather. Try this formula:
Gum arable one dram, sugar one dram,
rose water two ounces. Mix and dis
solve. Moisten the hair in this solu
tion. Put up in curling kids and be
certain to curl the hair the right way,
so that it will look natural.
MERRIE (Theater Frocks). —The
prettiest, daintiest little frocks are
worn these days at the theater, but
very seldom are they really low. Of
course, grand* opera is different, but
then we are not overly favored In this
direction. White is a great favorite:
pink, blue, tan and red are worn and
all very elaborate. The yoke and
sleeves are fashioned many times of a
heavy lace and the result is splendid.
Short sleeves are worn with every
thing. Street gowns, waists, and, in
deed, all sorts and conditions of frocks
are made with this dainty half sleeve
and long gloves are worn as a matter
of course. The cloak is light broad
cloth or lace and made m a very elab
orate fashion or else the extreme of
simplicity. Champagne Is a good color
to select, for it may be worn In the
middle of tfte day with all propriety.POVERTY
a Hid Its Results
SHE latest addition to the litera
ture of socialism is Robert Hun
ter's book "Poverty." This
study of the condition of the
poor man falls under the head
Of socialistic literature because of
the writer's deductions; the facts he
sets forth rightly belong to the domain
of industrial economics. And when I
denominate Hunter's book as socialis
tic I do so with a strong qualifying res
ervation; his is the socialism of the
thinker and the student of conditions
and not that of the hare-brained theo
rist and the agitator. As Ruskin was
■ a socialist, as William Morris was an
advocate of like tenets, so is this wri
ter, and the added weight of long
study of conditions carries conviction
with everything that he advances.
Between pauperism and poverty
" Hunter makes a sharp distinction at
thie very outset —a distinction which
acts as the pivotal point of his argu
ments throughout. One is in poverty
when he cannot by labor obtain "those
necessaries which will permit him to
maintain a state of physical efficiency."
A pauper has gone beyond poverty the
minute that he solicits and receives
charity and becomes thereby a depen
dent upon the bounty of society. The
pauper class in any city and in the
country at large can be reckoned ap
proximately; no set of statistics, how
ever, is complete enough to register the
number of that larger class, the class
in poverty, whose several members
may struggle along just below the
mean line of physical efficiency and
postpone for a time the dread scourge
of pauperism. England and Germany,
says the writer, have awakened to the
stern necessity of obtaining data upon
the constantly Increasing army of the
poverty stricken and the helplessly
poor, but the United States is abso
lutely without the machinery of census
gathering which returns statistics upon
this vital question of industrialism.
From fragments of information such as
the evictions from lodgings, the record
"of burials in the potters' field, the death
rate from tuberculosis In the tene
ments, the roll of the unemployed, etc..
Hunter has made a conservative esti
mate of poverty and pauperism based
upon these incomplete sources. Not less
than 14 per cent of the people in pros
perous times and not less than 20 per
cent In bad times are in a state of pov
erty; the actual dependents upon char
ity approximate 4,000,000.
Continuing with his evidences of
the wide extent of poverty In this
country, the writer touches upon some
of the fundamental causes of Its ex
istence. Lack of employment, un
steady employment, the intense com
petition in labor—these things serve
to make uncertain even the barely ef
ficient wage of the laborer. The ac
cidents, casualties and diseases result
ing from industrial employments;
these are other fruitful sources of the
scourge of penury. The possession of
property Is a reserve force to the
worker; yet the last census figures
show that considerably over one-half
of the families In the United States
do not own the houses they live in
and that 80 per cent of the workers in
cities are properlyless. Furthermore,
according to the same census, seven
eighths of the families hold but one
eighth of the national wealth.
These are some of the author's
facts; what are his deductions? Most
men are brought to povertx by the
wrongs of society; some by tneir own
faults. This is socialism, simon pure;
but what are the author's suggested
remedies? Not the overthrow of so
ciety, not the equal division of wealth.
"The factories, the mines, the work
shops and the railroads must be
forced to cease from killing the fath
er or the boy or the girl whose wages
alone suffice to keep the family from
poverty." Again: "Tenements may be
made sanitary by the action of the
community, and thereby much of this
breeding of wretched souls and ruined
bodies stopped." This remedy also: "A
broader education may be provided
for the masses, so that the street child
may be saved from idleness, crime and
vagrancy, and the working child saved
from ruinous labor."
There Is nothing inflammatory or ex
treme in these views; in fact the pa
ternalism of the German Government
is already making- some very near ap
proaches to the ideals of industrial
conditions which the author upholds.
The wrong of society lies not in the
mere possession of money but in the
methods of acquiring it. "You can kill
a man with a tenement Just as easily
as you can kill him with an ax," says
Jacob Riis in "How the Other Half
Lives." The man who owns a deadly
tenement, then, is, according to Riis'
view and the author's, a murderer; the
railroad director who reruses to vote
for the "unwarranted expense" of a
block system commits a crime against
ail of the employes on his lines.
Under the conditions of poverty as
they exist to-day special hardship is
wrought against the sick and the
maimed, the aged and the children.
In separate chapters devoted to "The
Pauper." "The Sick" and "The Child"
Hunter ahows how out of joint modern
Eocial conditions are with the spirit of
fairness and justice. Especially does
he inveigh against the employment of
one of tender years in industries which
choke out of him all the normal springs
Of growth and development and make
him a mere machine, rattling with
wear before even adult years are
Teached. In a chapter devoted to the
iffect of immigration upon the industrial
conditions of America the author calls
attention to the evil results of immi
gration artificially stimulated by
steamship agents for the sake of gain.
In brief summary and comment upon
"Poverty" it may be said that the
author has not sought to" outline reme
dies so much as to state clearly the
problem which calls for immediate
attention. With the exception' of John
Graham Brooks' book, "The Social Un
rest," I can recall no work of recent
years that puts conditions and states
facts so convincingly as does this study
of Hunter's. As to the remedies he
puts forth, those are, as I have said,
in the domain of socialism, and on that
mooted question I have neither the
ability nor the daring to venture opin-
(The Macmillan Company, New
York; price $1 50.)
THE HAGUE
and Arbitration
r\ T the instance of the Mohonk Ar
bitration Conference John W.
J 1 Foster, ex-Secretary of State
f and president of the National Ar-
bitration Conference, has writ
ten a monograph upon "Arbitration
and The Hague Court," which sums
up in a concise fashion the results of
The Hague Peace Conference of 1899
and sets forth the present achieve
ments and future aims of the world's
peace party. At the present time when
arbitration treaties between the United
States and two other nations are pend
ing the confirmation of the Senate and
when President Roosevelt is awaiting
the answers of the powers to his call
for a second peace conference Foster's
book has a significance which demands
wide reading.
The writer's review of the session of
the first peace conference is brief but
comprehensive. He shows how the
very involved nature of the proposed
disarmament of the nations was in it
self sufficient cause for the failure of
the measure to win the undivided sanc
tion of the powers signatory to the
convention and declares that the ex
pression of a reduction of armaments
as an ideal to be held before the na
tions, such as that incorporated in the
convention by the delegates to the con
ference, was in itself something gained;
indeed the only thing that could be
gained at the time. In the work of the
International assemblage which result
ed In the arbitration convention and
the establishment of the permanent
court for the arbitrament of interna
tional differences Mr. Foster finds,
however, sufficient reason for proclaim
ing The Hague conference the first ef
fective step in the direction of uni
versal peace.
Mr. Foster believes that in the near
future the failure of the arbitration
convention evolved at The Hague to
Incorporate in its provisions the en-'
forcement of compulsory arbitration
will be remedied. The nearest ap
proach to this measure made by the
convention is that clause which re
serves to the powers signatory the
right to conclude general or special
agreements extending the obligation to
submit controversies to arbitration be
fore the bar of The Hague Court In all
cases mutually agreed upon. Under
this clause Great Britain and France
first set the initiative by concluding a
treaty agreement stipulating that the
contracting parties shall submit to the
permanent' court of arbitration dif
ferences of a judicial o,rder or relative
to the interpretation of existing trea
ties, providing that such differences do
not concern "the vital interests, nor
the Independence or honor of the two
contracting states." But, as Foster
shows, this proviso clause anent
the vital interests, honor and
independence of the parties to
the treaty leaves room for
great elasticity of application and Is
to be deprecated. Treaties since rati
fied between Holland and Denmark
and Chile and Argentina, which agree
to submit all disputes to The Hague
Court, reserving only those concerned
with the Independence of one or both
of the contracting parties, are to the
mind of the author much more in ac
cordance with the spirit of internation
al arbitration and point the way for a
more liberal reading of the doctrine of •
peace.
In conclusion the writer of this mono,
graph cites the instances already on
record of the efficiency of The Hague
Court and calls for the hearty co
operation of every individual in sup
port of the sentiment which created it
and which must continue to sustain
and amplify Its beneficent jurisdiction.
Despite the terrible contradiction of
the spirit of International amity
which is now displaying itself In
the war drama of the Far East, Foster
has every reason to uphold an abiding
trust In the ultimate triumph of peace
policies, achieved through the opera
tion of the tribunal of International
arbitration at The Hague.
(Houghton. Mifflin & Co.. Boston,
price $L)
PHILLIPS'
"The Sin of David"
STEPHEN PHILLIPS' new reading
play, "The Sin of David," must, I
believe, elicit commendation not
altogether unqualified. As poetry
"The Sin of David" is a thing rarely
beautiful; as drama it is weak and
lacking in convincing strength. Though
some of the poet's lines sing themselves
deep into the very heart of hearts of
the reader, and though the delicate, al
most exotic, grace of his verse carries
with it the charm of the highest ar
tistry, the ultimate effect of the whole
drama is that of disillusion and dissat
isfaction. Can we but consider it in
detail we are ready to concede Phillips'
last play the greatest .praise; in its
whole substance it wants something,
which is felt insensibly by the reader
but which sticks at exact definition.
One cause of this deficiency in Phil
lips' drama is more readily appreciated
than the other and finer objections that
may be raised against it, and this
cause springs from the poet's too earn
est desire for simplicity in the piece's
action. The fable of the guilty love be
tween David and Bathsheba, the wife
of Uriah the Hittite, which Phillips has
transversed to English scenes and char
acters, certainly admits of a deeper,
more slow-moving and more significant
development than that received from
the hand of this poet. Three acts—and
they are brief—have been forced to en
compass action which has to rehearse
a Tristan and Isolde theme plus the
added compjication of this Roundhead
David's treachery in setting his Uriah
"in the forefront of the hottest battle"
and thereby bringing death to him. To
such an extent has Phillips trimmed
down and lopped off the angles of his
action that the passion between the
spotless wife and the irreproachably
leader of God's hosts has to germinate,
spring into life and blush at greatest
heat all before the climax to the sec
ond act has been reached. The neces
sary result of this severe abridgment
in the action 4s a bewilderment to the
reader, however close in sympathy he
may be with the story that inspires the
drama.
Another objection, this one a matter
of motive, raises itself against "The
Sin of David." After the guilty lovers
have become united before the law
upon the removal of the one having
right to a just grievance against them
the child of their sinful passion Is
snatched away by death. Divine pun
ishment in this case seems not to be a
punishment, but a sanctiflcation. Thus
sounds the final note of the drama in
the words of the bereaved father:
Our former marriage, though by holy bell
And melody of lifted voices blest.
Was jet in madness of the blood conceived.
And born of murder; therefore la the child
Withdrawn that we might feel the sting of
flesh
Corruptible; yet he In that withdrawal,
tolded upon the bosom of the Father.
Hath joined us In a. marriage everlasting:
Marriage at last of spirit, not of sense,
\\ hose ritual Is memory and repentance
Whose Facrament this deep and mutual wound.
Whose covenant the all that might have been.
And to this truth majestic shadows throng
And stand about us in dumb sympathy.
In presence of these silent witnesses
And one perchance that carrleth now a babe.
1v,% ? mine thy hand anil call thee wife—
wire, wife, till the grave-shattering trumpet!
But as poetry Phillips' play is uni
formly one of surpassing excellence.
Spontaneity is not a characteristic of
Phillips' verse. It does not move
through motive springs within, ft Is
not temperamental. It Is, however,
classical without being artificial; per
fect, though not studied. An excerpt
from the love scene between Lisle and
Miriam exhibits Phillips at his very
highest:
When I spurred hither, all on Are for God.
Then did I gallop into human flame.
t«lu I had lived, pure, narrow, temperate
A. girded swordsman pressing to the mark.
6 E th f,° ,J S h that gate. Then suddenly
Thy beauty like a tempest fell on me:
And in one moment was I rent and riven.
Stunned Is my life; I wander, and I grope,
M M« V f > ,f ( ;^ ,n tn V£ unc " '*"•»: In mid-aot
This lifted arm falls at thy floating face.
They waver like to mist the ranks of war.
They waver and fade; be fade*, the armed
man.
And spurring armies in a vision clash.'
Or would I pray and upward fling my hands?
llg Pr * y ' ' Ulee ' wlth crle * be »»ch-
Thou hast unlocked the loveliness of earth
Leading me through thy beauty to ail beauty
Thou hast admitted me to mystery
Taught me the different souls of all the ■tan:
Through thee have I Inherited
Ois'overed sudden riches at my feet, '
And now on eyes long blinded flames the world.
Theu shattering storm, thou eve of after blue
Thcu deluge, and- thou world from deluire risen
Thou sudden death and thou lite aVter deathi
How have I walked In glory unaware I
(The Macmillan Company, New York
price Jl 25.)
MISSIONS
of Old California
BRYAN J. CLINCH, a well-known
local writer upon subjects of re
ligious history, has Just published
"California and Its Missions," a
historical review' of the religious and
secular history of the'two Californias
in two volumes. In scope Mr, Clinch's
work Is of the broadest. It reviews in
detail the spread of the temporal power
over Mexico and Alta California from
the conquests of Cortes down to the
change of government at the end of the
Mexican War, at the same time keeping
record of the foundation and growth of
the spiritual empire of the church un
der the mission building padres. More
than several other of the historians has
this writer recognized the Indissoluble
bond between the religious and the sec
ular history of early California, and In
his work he has made the co-ordination
between the two forces emphatic. This
and the additional fact that In volume
his book is a happy mean between the
ponderosity of Bancroft and the con
densed handbooks, such as that of
Royce, make Clinch's "California and
Its Missions" a book of more than fleet
ing value.
A reading of the first volume, devoted
to the history of missions and mission
work in Mexico and Baja California,
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIi
convinces the reader that Clinch has
done wisely in incorporating these rec
ords in a book devoted to the study of
mission development upon the Western
coast. The author's chapter upon "The
Evolution of the Spanish Mission Sys
tem" deals with the efforts of Las
Casas, the father of Mexican missic-ne,
to free Spanish conquest from tne
brutal and degrading features of slav
ery and wanton butchery and to make
conversion a matter of persuasion
rather than of compulsion. To this pio
neer Jesuit, whose field of endeavor ex
tended from Venezuela to the Colorado
and whose service covered nearly a
half-century, the author devotes atten
tion usually withheld by other writers.
In discussing: the expulsion of the
Jesuit order |rom ,Spain and the Span
ish domain the writer takes exception
to the explanations of Hittell and Tut
hill on the score of their inadequacy,
this without reason, as It seems to me,
for all historians agree that the reason
Charles 111 may have had for causing
the expulsion of the Jesuits remained
forever a secret with himself and his
confidential Ministers. The two quota
tions from the Spanish King's lips
whioh Clinch gives do not diffuse any
new light on the mystery.
In discussing the Franciscans' meth
ods of Indian control and mission dis
cipline the author of this work shows
strong pro-padre prejudices, if such a
term may pass current. Against the
majority of the authority, which holds
that the rule of the mission fathers
was despotic though beneficial to the
native Californians, Clinch takes his
stand immovably. Claiming that the
priest who lodged charges of cruelty
and despotic rule against Father La
suen, president of the missions, was in
sane, the author continues to show that
the Franciscan rule was naught but the
most paternal. In this he proves his
assertions by citing results only, and
leaves unexplained the various un
biased reports of strangers who had
occasion to visit the missions.
(Whitaker & Ray Company, San
Francisco; Illustrated; price $5.)
GLIMPSES
at Great People
ff\ R. HENRY HAYNIE. now a
111 man well in his prime, occu
-I*l Pled for many years that envied
r \ goal of most newspaper men, a
European correspondency, and
during the time he spent upon the Con
tinent as representative of several
large New York papers he necessarily
had occasion to rub shoulders with
kings, princes and diplomats, musi
cians, artists and notables of every
walk In life. He cultivated the ac
quaintance of some, he Bought the fa
vor of all, and as a result he came Into
intimate knowledge of the idiosyncra
sies and personal traits of many whom
the world calls great and of many oth
ers whom the world has Cenominated
as "freaks." Drawing upon this rich
fund of experience, Mr. Haynie, now in
retirement, has written a book, "The
Captains and the Kings," which is de
signed to give his intimate reminis
cences of notabilities and which satis
fies fully our inborn curiosity concern
ing those whose heads rise above the
common throng.
Mr. Haynie first engaged In the dif
ficult but fascinating work of culling
the world's news from court and coun
cil chamber in 1875. After undergoing
the solemn ceremony of being present
ed at the court of Victoria he took up
his residence in Paris and. using that
city as a headquarters, he made Eu
rope the •field of his "assignments"—to
use a newspaper term—for twenty
years. Paris, then swirling in the last
declining glory of the lately defunct
Second Empire, was the nesting-place
and pleasure ground for destitute
princelings and deposed monarchs.
There Haynie met Isabella, the ex-
Queen of Spain, and her weakling con
sort, Don Francis. Dom Pedro, the ill
fated ex-Emperor of Brasil, was then
living in simple retirement In the
French capital. Prince Jerome, whom
the author justly calls the very last of
the authentic representatives of the old
Bonapartist regime, was making his
somewhat blundering: presence known
in the councils of Napoleon 111. All of
these little shadows of royalty are
given a brief sketch, based upon the
author's observation and in some In
stances his personal acquaintance-
To Boulanger, the famous charlatan,
who came so dangerously near to up
setting the present republic in France,
Haynie devotes a comprehensive char
acter sketch. "Often ridiculous, yet al
ways Interesting," says the writer, "he
was a strange composition of all the
conflicting ambitions of those opposed
to the French republic. Knowing how
to talk buncombe, how to get Into the
newspapers, how to ride pompously on
bis' famous black charger, Boulanger
became no£ only the hope of theories
and barricades, but the ally of aristo
crats and the tool of royalists." Henri
Rochefort, the one-time champion of
Boulanger, and always the most vitu
perative and fanatical of French Jour
nalists, is characterized by Haynie as
presenting "the lamentable spectacle
of a man of adventures, the apostle of
an Idea without any idea of his own."
Not one of the least interesting men
with whom this American correspond
ent had the pleasure of a close ac
quaintance was the late M. de Blowitz,
"king of news gatherers" as the author
dubs him. Haynie once had the oppor
tunity to throw a big news "scoop"
into the Dath of this remarkable jour
nalist and In so doing had an oppor
tunity to study the methods of the man
at first hand. Here was one who could
not only get the news of an empire
or a republic's secret negotiations first,
but could often predict with remark
able accuracy Just where the marble
would land In the diplomatic game of
roulette. Prince Bismarck once de
clared to Havnie that De Blowitz and
De Blowitz alone of all the correspond
ents could he trust.
The author of "The Captains and tht
Kings" did not confine his acquaintance
to the circles of the state affairs. With
Ernest Renan he was on intimate
terms; Victorien Sardou freely dis
cussed with him his ideas on the
drama; he was once privileged to hear
Gounod play and sing a selection from
"The Marriage of Figaro" in the musi
cian's own private cabinet; the studios
of Gerome, Meissonier and Breton were
always open to him. Haynie tells a
story of how Ambroise Thomas, the
Immortal creator of Mignon, after hav
ing returned to his house on the out- .
skirts of Paris from the disastrous war
with Prussia, found his house and his
alone inviolate among all of those
looted by the victorious Germans. He
discovered upon his library table the
card of th« Prussian officer who had
been quartered there, bearing upon it
the written expression of that gentle
man's homage to the man who had
given to the world the little Bohemian
girl of the exquisite opera.
(Frederick A. Stokes Company, New
York; illustrated; price $1 60.)
COOKS
and Wedded Joys
DALE, the well-known New
York dramatic critic, may be giv
|l ing us a faithful excerpt from his
* own domestic history,-or he may
be yielding to farcical fancy, in his
book, "Wanted: A Cook." If this is In
very truth a transcript from life the
deepest sympathies of all wretched
householders go out to Alan Dale, for
he is one of the great army of latter
day martyrs who pass almost monthly
through the fiery furnace of "the help
question," not unscathed as Shadrach,
Meshach and Abed-nego.
The critic's naratlve recites the ad
ventures of a newly wedded couple,
possessed of fine pre-Raphaelite deli
cacy of sentiment, who fondly believe
that they can begin life in a cosy little
flat without even a thought to the mun
dane things of the culinary department.
Their disillusionment is sudden and
disastrous. The first cook lady whom
they employ Is an ebony jewel, how
belt rough cut. She sets out a delicates
sen dinner of pickles and potato salad
because she must not be late to her
meeting of the choral society. The sec
ond is a dipsomaniac with a penchant
A * V. . , . J
for the mistress' jewels andXlne linen.
The third is a respectable widow
with a child, whose single accomplish
ment is the power to say "Ga-ga" at
all times and in all places. But why
continue the list? the assortment Is
known of every housewife, and there
are six of them all told before peace
folds Its wings over the dovecote of the
newly wedded.
Alan Dale's book is humorous—de
lightfully so. -The situations he con
jures up are not new ones to the funny
papers, but they are outlined with such
wild abandon of mirth that the reader
must be of Scotch-English extraction
if he Is not moved to hilarious appre
ciation.
(The Bobbs-Merrill Company, In
dianapolis.)
PLANS
of the Magazines
111 year the periodicals have pro-
VA/ claimed with more or less de
gree of self-satisfaction what
they wish to promise readers In the
coming twelvemonth. Enterprising
editors have forwarded to the review
ers itemized menus of the literary
feast which they guarantee to set be
fore the hungry public, and from these
the following notes have been culled:
Harper's promises something a bit
out of the rut In the two series of arti
cles for the coming year, in which
Henry James will write about his "re
discovered" America, and William D.
Howells about fresh impressions of
England. Thomas A. Janvier will write
about Mexico, Charles W. Furlong
about North Africa, James B. Connolly
about great American harbors and riv
ers, and Charjes J. Post about South
America. There will be more special
articles on American diplomacy by
John Bassett Moore, papers on cap
tains of Industry of the past, accounts
by Charles F. Thwlng of little-known
European schools, and articles on
American soldiers of fortune and on
famous statesmen who have been "rul
ers of kings." The slave trade of to
day (still current in Central Africa)
will be the subject of papers, data for
which are now being collected by an
English war correspondent sent to the
Dark Continent for the purpose.
At the top of The Century's list of at
tractions of the more Solid sort for the
next year stand the papers In which
Andrew D. White will tell about his
mission as Embassador to Germany
from 1897 .to 1902. In fiction the pro
gramme calls for a serial story by
Alice Hegan Rice; a novelette by Mrs.
Humphry Ward; another novelette,
"Rose o' the River," by Kate Douglas
Wiggin, and a sea yarn, "Under Rock
ing Skies," by Frank L. Tooker. Short
stories, of course, are many and good,
most of the stock story tellers being
represented In the list. We may name
at random Kipling, Hope, London.
Owen Wister, Eden Phillpotts, Myra
Kelly, Gbuverneur Morris, Miriam
Michelson, Charles B. Loomis and
Julian Hawthorne. A series of arti
cles of no small interest will be "Great
Inventions Described by Their Inven
tors," the writers including Charles F.
Brush, George Westinghouse and Niko
la Tesla.
Selections from th* diaries and let
ters of George Bancroft, the historian,
v will be the leading feature of Scribner's
for the new year. A new series of let
ters by Mme. Waddington will deal
with life in Italy, and the war in the
Far East will be the subject of papers
by John Fox Jr. and Thomas F. Mil
lard, who have represented the maga
zine at the seat of the trouble on the
Japanese and Russian sides, respec
tively. Other Interesting matter will
be Frank A. Vanderllp's articles on
European political questions of inter
est to America, and the articles on the
Paris workingman by Walter A. Wyck
off, who has been investigating his
subject in person. Both of these series
were delaved from the current year.
Among illustrated special articles may
be named several by John Corbln on
the drama and American playgoers, a
paper on the French landscape gar
dener Le Notre, and a study of a South
American republic by A. R Colquhoun.
Then, not least important of all the
magazine's offerings will be Edith
Wharton's new novel, "The House of
Mirth," which will run from January
to the end of the year.
McClure's will proceed ror the new
year with Its contributions to contem
porary American history on the finan
cial, political and social sldea Miss Ida
M. Tar bell wfll write aoout John D.
Rockefeller as a man; Lincoln Steffens
will tell about graft and kindred mat
ters in Rhode Isand (the Rev. Andrew
Bumaby found grafters in that tight
little province ten years before the
Revolution); Ray Stannard Baker will
continue his papers on "Great Labor
Conflicts," with especial reference to
American lawlessness; Samuel Adams
will discuss problems of public health
and Booth Tarkington will write a se
ries of political stories. Yet another
important feature will be the story of
the As tor fortune. George E. Wood
berry will write about "Great Masters
of Literature," and John La Farga will
continue his papers on the "On* Hun
dred Masterpieces of Painting." An
other contributor will be the Rev.
Charles Wagner, author of "Th« Simple
Life," and there will be stories by
George Madden Martin, Stewart Ed
ward White, Jack London, Mary Ray-
mond Shipman Andrews, Norman Dun
can, Josephine D ask am Bacon, Henry
Wallace Phillips, James Hopper and
others. Myra Kelley will write In a
new vein. There will be pictures In
color every month, and of a long list
of Illustrators may be named Andre
Castalgne. Max field Parrish, Jessie
Wilcox Smith, Alice Barber Stevens,
Fanny Y. Cory, Fogarty, Frost, Ster
ner, Glackens and Guerln.
Without giving titles or names of
authors, Llpplncott's promises for the
new year everything that Its readers
have learned to expect—and more.
Since the librarians of circulating libra
ries report that 70 per cent of all books
taken out by their clients are novels,
Lippincott's will continue its pro
gramme of a complete novel In each
number, designed for relaxation, not
for instruction or propaganda They
promise, too, to fill out each month with
short stories that "snap with freshness
and originality," with poems for many
tastes, with things to make the reader
laugh. In other words, the undertak
ing is to follow the established lines of
the magazine, and do It all better than
ever.
Mary Austin's old California ro
mance, "Isodro," which is now run
ning in The Atlantic Monthly, will
continue till March, when it will be
followed by "The Coming of the
Tide," a serial by Margaret Sherwood.
Another extract from Emerson's
"Journal" is promised; Colonel T. W.
Higginson will write more "Literary
Reminiscences," the papers on "The
Ethics of Business:' will continue, and
Andrew D. White's history of "The
Welfare of Humanity Against Eccle
siasticism" has more chapters to come.
Again, there will be many Installments
of that remarkable "find," Thoreau's
private Journal (of thirty-nine manu
script volumes), edited by Bradford
Torrey, and a somewhat unusual
anonymous series of "Letters to Liter
ary Statesmen." the addressees living
public men, "some of whom are
known to possess enough humor to
forgive the occasional wickedness of
the letters In consideration of their
wit" There will be short stories, of
course, of The Atlantic stamp, one of
them, "Blue Peter." by H. M. Rldeout;
and in the way of literary biography*
"Hans Breitmann Papers," by EllzaZ
beth Robins Pennell, niece and execu
tor of the late C. G. Leland. These
will include unprlnted Breitmann bal
lads and many letters from famous
authors.
The publishers of The Crftlo an
nounce for next year, among many
other attractive matters, "Talka with,
Tennyson," by Miss Elizabeth R.
Chapman; "New England Recollec
tions,': by F. B. Sanborn, and soma
unpublished letters of Chopin, trans
lated from the French, and edited by
the Marquise de St Maurice. The sub
ject of American cities in literature
will be continued with papers on Phil
adelphia, Chicago and New Orleans,
and Frank Weitenkampf has a series
of articles on American social life as
portrayed in caricature. Parallel with
this will be papers on social life in
England. Arthur Colton will furnish
two sketches of Italian travel, and
Myrtle Reed a number of essays—one
of them on "Women's Clothes in Men's
Books." There will be also essays on
literary matters by the late Laurence
Hutton, H. W. Boynton, Elizabeth
Luther Cary, and Francis Grierson.
Lighter matter will be contributed by
Bailey Malllard. Edith Dickson,
Michael White. Frances Duncan, Caro,
lyn Wells, etc.
Rider Haggard, the author of "The
Brethren," is much more than a writer
of stories, though the world has known
him for the last dozen years only as
such. Back in the '70s he was a big man
in South Africa—master of the High
Court of the Transvaal, and the man
who, with Colonel Brooke, hoisted the
British flag over the South African re
public. He was a mighty hunter In his
South African days, and many of the
shooting adventures so excitingly set
out In his novels are written directly
from actual happenings. It was in the
'80s and '90s that he began to produce
his famous novels, In 1901 he took up
his investigation of the condition of
agriculture in England, and is now
noted for his tireless work in the best
interests of the British farmer.
The Variorum edition of the works
of Beaumont and Fletcher Is to be
published in twelve volumes by the
Macmillan Company. A. H. Bullen,
under whose general direction the edi
tion has' been planned, has intrusted
the editorship of the individual plays
to various eminent British scholars
Volume 1 contains "The Maid's
Tragedy," "Philaster," "A King and
No King," "The Scornful Lady" and
"The Custom of the Country"; also
abundant footnotes, fac simile title
pages and introductions.THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALUThese Are
tl\Q ILucßy
150 Prize
i
Winners
in the Puzzle
Contest
December 25.
THESE are the names of the
lucky 150 prize winners in the
puzzle contest of December 25,
the names of great authors.
Alma Buttelman, 136 Eleventh
street, San Francisco; Gladys Nichols,
873 Jackson street, Oakland; Lila
Shea, Pasadena; Ernest Bowlaby,
Merced: H. Tower, 536 McAllister
street, San Francisco; Charles Robin
son, 825 Ashbury street, San Fran
cisco; Grant Read, 240 Chapultepec
street, San Francisco; Bruce Crane,
45 Franklin street, San Francisco;
Lenora Clark, Arroyo Grande; John
Carr, Porterville; Mabel Jameson,
940 Myrtle street, Oakland; Annie
Gray, Arroyo Grande; W. S. Squire,
Brentwood; Harry Clark, 124 Bartlett
street, San Francisco; H. Muhr, 967
Broadway, Oakland; Helen Tobin, 815
Baker street, San Francisco; Beatrice
Richards, Dixon; Mira Bowler, Ala
meda; Mamie Witherow, Stockton;
Alice Poulin, 526 Harrison street, San
Francisco; Mabel Andrin, San Mateo;
Alma Bender, Berkeley; Irene
ca, San Rafael; Florence Trowbridge,
Santa Rosa; George Roeden, 2203
Larkin street, San Francisco; A. Ei
san, South Vallejo; Seima Frazier,
Sacramento; Pearl Newby, Dixon;
Grace Doyle, San Rafael; Lucille In
gram, 148 Peralta street, San Fran
cisco; Adele Johnson, San Rafael;
Pauline Williams, 1030 Larkin street,
San Francisco; Mabel Brown, Porno;
James Craig, Alameda; Minnie Baf
inger. Red Bluff; Rosa Howe, San
Diego; Kate Ibos, 501 Geary street,
San Francisco; Almah Marsh, 225
Park street, Nevada; Edith Erdmann,
765 Sixteenth street, Oakland; Ruth
Gray, 227 Clinton park. San Francisco;
A. Brewster, Cc-nley;Constance McFar
land, Benicia; Linden Naylor, Berke
ley; Helen Stiles, Vallejo; Lucy Drew,
1230 Seventh avenue. East Oakland;
Letha Adair, Pacific Grove; S.R.Kemp,
Jackson; Sylvian Frances, 814 Sutter
street, San Francisco; F. T. Haines, 548
Stockton street, San Francisco; Hen
rietta Contat, Elmhurst; Annie Bur
•;igh, Cotati; Violette Jones, Merced;
:i Tnglis, 1320 Masonic avenue, San
Lois Lyons, Sacramento; E.
!, 926 Dolores street, San Fran-
. Flora Frenzel, 307 Green street,
"rancisco; P. R. Ingram, Iron Moun
* i Ida Southerland, Livermore; Buel
Egbert, Rio Vista; Hazel Manson, Niles;
Grace Ward, Reno; Arthur Taveira, 436
Thirty-eighth street, Oakland; L. Ken
dall, East Auburn; Frank Kitson, 77
Cumberland street, San Francisco; Mary
Davis, 437 Gough street, San Francisco;
Marjorie McCollough,. 1334 Wlnfleld
street, Los Angeles; John Bustin, 43314
Clementina street, San Francisco; Hed
wig Rupp, 610 Haight street, San Fran
cisco; Vernon Bogle, Courtland; Harold
Henderson, San Jose; Eleanor Smith,
1310 Pierce street, San Francisco; Min
nie Miller, 1025 Greenwich street, San
Francisco; Lee Sneath, San Bruno; Al
vin Aster, Alameda: Erwln Morrison,
Tracy; Jack Cushlng, Martinez; Ger
trude Macdonald, 1104 Treat avenue, San
Francisco; Grace Dolan, Vallejo; Qon
ald Bull, Marysville; Carolyn Noyes,
Tuba; Dorothea Force, San Leandro;
NAME PUZZLES
Allan Gargadennec, 1714 Eighth street,
Oakland; H.Townsend. 1807 West street,
Oakland; Jeanie Peterson, 939 Sixty-first
street, Oakland; Joe Dieves. 914 Wood
street, Oakland; Minnie Holden, 1054
Geary street, San Francisco; Myrtle
Wolfe, Fresno; K. Crowell. 769 Hayes
street, San Francisco; Helen Hamilton,
914 Broderick street, San Francisco; Irene
Scott, 15 Laskie street, San Francisco;
Leona Hurlbut, 1104 Santa Clara
street, Alameda; Frieda Baumgartner,
San Jose; Doris Illingworth, 250 Sixty
second street, Oakland; A. 'Somervllle,
136 Henry street, San Francisco; May
Seitz, Sacramento; Mary McCormack,
San Jose; Gladys Johnson, Santa
Cruz; Fred Marshall, Grass Valley;
Walter Vorsanger, 2305 Van Ness
avenue, San Francisco; Elmcre Lann,
12$ Page street, San Francisco; Max
Dunham, San Jose; .Cecil Peirano,
Angels; Hattie Grant, 1032 I street,
San Francisco; Stewart Peck, 654 East
Twenty-fifth street, Oakland; Treca
Hurlbutt, Lakeport; Maud Leavltt,
Vallejo; Alice Mayberry, Antloch;
May Nelson, Ross; Morton Morgan,
EASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
BeaUWUT Books-- OK 'Wr\ir& and fifty o? Them—
Foi- TnoS« ©Uess These Pa«f*» To-Day.
This week j
bly all hack to school now after your to a certain number and the supply will only
2 r y C onw^any b ™ *<>„nd — *>™ I
10 .re rep— here the names of eight =to S^^^J^^ *
tor win not explain any of the answers to-day. ***™** y °ljX\ ? \YS BE ABSOH TKLY CERTAIN THAT
Here arc some particular points to bear m mind. £reii books have been returned
YOU GIVE YOUR ADDRESS CORRECTLY AND IgSfflMLto'dia not rc-ce ye a book please
because of incorrect addresses. So if your name was published and you am not re
write to the Puzzle Editor. -—i—s m , Tn .r< Don't send in nntoned proofs or stamp
REMEMBER THE RULES CONCERNI>»G linh ? ckv as to just miss may get their
photos, unless they are very plain. Those who workJhard but *
P *<° ~°'
lUCm: Fi nd the names of articles found In a
posite the proper eorresptmdhignumbers provided you desire_ii you wln-aml
recttcos; AU In the coupon with yom ■munc.and^^ A^%\^ 1 Call, San Francisco, Cal.
send the coupon to the EDITOR OP OTSJ GIRLS who solve the eight
REMEMBER—To the FIRST ONE PRIZES will be awarded,
puzzles correctly, one of these ONE HI NDRED AND Yninortant: ALL ANSWERS MUST REACH THIS
And don't forget this next point because it is a n equal chance to compete. Read every-
OFFICE BY FRIDAY NOON. This gives all those n rountrj an eg «»
CALL TWO
W S'SeN £SmFTO BOOKS from which yon may choose if you solve all the puzzles cdr^
tlr HollTberri „ from Dickens; Roses from Longfellow; Pansies from Shakespeare; Violets from Tenny
so „- Daisiesfrom Sanson; Pearls from Whittle* Gems from James Whitcomb R.ley; Gems from Holmes;
Gems from Lowell; Gems from Emerson.
Martinez; Gussie Fullerton, 531 Page
street, San Francisco; Herman Paine,
316 Oakland avenue, Oakland; Ruth
Edson. «4 Hamilton place, Oakland;
Lillian Mcßurnle, Buena Vista street,
Alameda; Emma Howland, Point
___—_—— ———— ———— —————— ——^———^——
Following "The Brethren" will appear, in the Sunday Call, in from two
to four installments each:
"MONSIEUR BEAUCAIRE" "A WHIRL ASUNDER"
By Booth Tar king ton. ;'. By Gertrude Atherion.
* * "THE GETAWAY" * *
By Halite Erminie Rives.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
Richmond; Henry Fricke, 1167 McAl
lister street, San Francisco; Maud Mc-
Man, Berkeley; Fred Redman, 765
Sixteenth street, Oakland; Mary
Wyckoff, 1115 Treat avenue, San
Francisco; Amy Jackson, Sacramento;
W. W. Crewell, 769 Hayes street. Ran
Francisco; Ray Pierce, Woodland;
Hazel Doyle, Fresno; Charles Dodge,
Santa Cruz; Willie Matthews, Sacra
mento; Ethel Woods, Healdsburg; Ed
ward Younger, Sacramento; W. A.
Robinson, 825 Ashbury street, San 5
Francisco; E. Rademacher, 1355 Mc- j
Allister street, San Francisco; Lucy 4
Bradley, Oleander; Francis Shelton, ]
Salinas; Duran Rose, Haywards; I
Emerson Herrick, Jackson; Floyd j
Journey, New Hope; Opal Davidson, ;
844 Fifty-eighth street, Oakland; H. A. j
Thompson, New Hope; Richard Doyle, ;
2806 Howard street, San Francisco;
Mary Hopkins, San Anselmo; Dottie
Knight, 756 Guerrero street, San
Francisco; Annie McLean, Petaluma;
Helen Stansell, Nelson; Harold Galli
son, Mariposa; Alpha Eichelroth,
O'Neils; Nelson Jacobs, Alameda;
Carlie Thompson, 1876 Fifteenth
street, San Francisco; Frank Smith,
1427 O'Farrell street, San Francisco;
Ray Leopold, 3646 Sixteenth street,
San Francisco; Regina Rae, 2611 Fol
som street, San Francisco; Beatrice
Miner, 126% Liberty street, San Fran
cisco; E. B. Hussey, 400 Eldorado
street, Vallejo; Henry Russell, Los
Angeles; Alice Pontius, Byron. (
| Solve the Puzzles,
I Fill Out the Coupon
I and Send It x> j
j: the Puzzle Edit?., \
Sunday Call, S. F.
I; To Puzzle Editor. Sunday Can.
!> San Francisco:
\\ Below in their proper nnm- ! |
'& hers please And my solution of j j
;< the names of articles found in A,
! a schoolroom In this week's ,1,
jj pussies;
J MWW.>ir»*M>* j |
January 8 t It©*.
;|| Nam* ili
|, Street or P. 0..»«x ;
City . . . . . « • < *• • • w»4<r*-»«M
{• state MMMHtHMHi»im»« |
I
I if I win I cJiocae tor ©*•«•
I (See list of Prizes.)THEY TRY BALLOONING AND-CREATE A SENSATION
JOCO & JACKKNOW-IT-ALL JAKE PLAYS THE RACES
HIS HpUSE FINISHING LAST, IT PROVES HIS FINISH
JOHNNY SMART, WHO DOES STUNTS
HE FINDS THERE'S MANY A SLIP WHEN HE TAKES A DIPIN SILHOUETTE LAND
SHOWING, THAT THE POSTPONED LAU«H IS OFTEN THE HEARTIEST-
WILLIE WISLANUOMMY TUFF FOOL SIMPLE SAMMY,
SURE ENOUGH HUT ONLY FOR A MINUTEPETER BARNUM POTT'S UNICYCLE STUNT
DEMONSTRATES THAT A ROLLING BOY MAY GATHER A GREAT DEAL OF TROUBLE
THE ONION SISTERS GIVE A PARTY
MR. CARROT COMES TO GRIEF AS A CANDY PULLER.Pages 17 to 26
npxr-py A T TTUHD C WERE VERY RARE BEFORE THE REIGN OF QUEEN VICTORIA
111 JUJLl/JLJ iWJ L AND NOW CROWD THE RANKS OF LITERARY FOLK IN ENGLAND
LIST INCLUDES
DUKES, EARLS
AND DUCHESSES
SEVERAL BOOKSBT THE WOMEN
Their Graces of Sutherland
and Leeds Excel at the
Present Time.
LONDON, Jan. 7.—When Queen Vic
toria wrote and published those two
unassuming works, "Leaves From a
Highland Journal" and "More Leaves,"
she had no idea what a remarkable ef
fect her example would have. Prob
ably it never entered her royal head
that titled folk of every rank on this
side of the water would take the tip
from her and that after a while it
would be an uneventful week that did
rot produce a novel, a book of poems,
or at least a magazine article by one of
them.
That's the state of things at present.
• however. There appeared recently—all
within a few days of each other—a
novel by the Earl of Iddesleigh, a his
torical work by the Countess of War
wick, and a collection of poems edited
by the Duchess of Sutherland. And
within the past week there have been
announcements to the effect that Lady
Jeune is writing a society novel, that
Lord Ellesmere is doing the same, that
Lady Colin Campbell is hard at work
on an emotional play, and that Lady
Betty Balfour is collaborating on a
comedy wifh Mrs. Alfred Lyttelton,
wife of the Colonial Secretary.
STARTED BY VICTORIA.
It is all Queen Victoria's fault. Up
to about twenty years ago, although
members of the peerage frequently pat
ronized men of letters, they made no
attempt to shine in the literary firma
ment themselves. Women of title, es
pecially, let the business of authorship
severely alone. Count D'Orsay's fair
f>i*md. the Countess of Blessington,
\vas an exception, it is true, but she
was always more or less of an "out
sider." In fact, so far as can be re
membered, up to the time mentioned
the one and only work of any im
portance published by an English
woman of high rank was that rather
grewsome novel. "Ellen Middleton,"
written by Lady Georgiana Fullerton,
sister of the famous Lord Granville—
and it appeared anonymously.
Almost immediately after the ap
pearance of Queen Victoria's book,
however, a number of women belonging
to the court world followed her exam
ple by giving to the world portions of
•their distinguished diaries and amiably
written accounts of their travels, and
after a walls two or three members of
• the peerage, both men and women,
came out boldly with novels. Others
tried their hands at poetry, and still
others had a go at writing for the
stage, and of late years the thing has
become so much the fashion that the
list of titled scribblers includes one
Duke, three Duchesses, four Countesses,
five Earls and plain lords and ladies by
the dozen.
DUCHESSES AS WRITERS.
Frankly, thf Thames has yet to be
set on fire as the result of a work by
any member of this illustrious aggrega
tion. But if the literary, poetic and
dramatic work produced thus far by
British titled folk isn't on the whole so
very good, it Isn't s<> very bad, either,
and there are perhaps a half-dozen
men and women of title among the
numhcr who have no < mall share of the
real stuff of which successful! writers
are made.
First and foremost among these
comes the yqungest of the three Duch
esses mentioned—her Grace of Suther
land. She was the eldest daughter of
the fourth Earl of Rosslyn. and is a
sister of the present erratic bearer of
that title, who also has had a shy at
. literature and likewise at acting, but
who is perhaps best known as one of
the men who didn't "break the bank at
Monte Carlo." The Duchess of Suther
land is distinguished In a number of
ways. She is a beautiful woman, and
since her marriage has dispensed hos
pitality at what is called the finest pri
vate residence in the world. She has
done a lot of really important social
work, too, and her widespread philan
thropy has earned her the title of the
"Charity Duchess."
Her first book was called "How I
Spent My Twentieth Year," and was
quite an original little piece of work,
though of no great strength. Not till
ten years later—the Duchess is now 33 —
did she publish anything else of any
importance, but then her novel. "One
Hour and the Next." came out and was
immediately recognized as a serious
and thoughtful book and one to be
reckoned with.
TELL OF HUMBLE LIFE.
The Duchess of Leeds is another
Englishwoman of title who has real
literary ability. Unfortunately her
health is extremely delicate, a fact
which has prevented her from doing
any great quantity of writing. She is a
daughter of the late Earl of Durham,
was one of a rather remarkable family
of thirteen brothers and sisters and is
married to one of the greatest of Eng
lish nobles. The Duke of Leeds is a
descendant of Charles IPs famous Min
ister and he owns 24,800 acres.
The Duchess' first Important literary
work was a novel called "A Lover of
! THE Jlf CALL
the Beautiful." It scored a distinct suc
cess and gave the impression that even
better work might be expected from its
author —an impression that was fully
confirmed by the Duchess* next w-ork, a
volume of short stories with the odd
title "Capriccios." Strangely enough,
most of these were stories of humble
life, it being a singular fact that al
most none of the women of title who
are writing fiction to-day has dealt with
the fashionable life which they really
know best.
The Duchess of Leeds has another
novel under way. She invariably spends
the winter on the Riviera, and she left
the other day for her villa at Bordig
hera.
The other literary Duchess, her Grace
of Devonshire, is only so to a limited
extent, for her work with the pen has
been confined to the editing of certain
letters written by the loveliest of her
predecessors, which were published in
Lady Randolph Churchill's Anglo-Sax
on Review.
ENGLAND'S LITERARY DUKE.
England's literary Duke is one of the
most exalted personages in the king
dom. For his Grace of Argyll, besides
being the author of a number of serious
works, many tales and poems, and an
opera libretto, is closely related to the
royal family by virtue of having mar
ried Princess Louise, own sister of
King Edward VII. His most success
ful work was "The United States of
America After the War."
The most prolific writer of the four
English Countesses is Lady Jersey.
Most of her literary work has been in
the way of Juvenile literature. Her
"Hymns for Very Little Children" —
two series of them—were published be
fore her marriage, since when she has
written "Sleeping Beauty, a Play for
Children," "Maurice or the Red Jar."
The beautiful Countess of Warwick
has an uncommon gift for writing, but
her many other activities have pre
vented her from writing books to any
extent and her only published works,
exclusive of numberless magazine ar
ticles, are her "History of Warwick
Castle and Its Earls" and "Reminis
cences of Joseph Arch."
The other literary Countesses are
those of Cromartie and Pembroke, the
first of whom recently published a vol
ume of short stories called "The End
of the Song." The Countess of Pem
broke, who is a sister of the Duchess
of Leeds, is represented by only one
work—an account of Wilton House, her
husband's splendid place near Salis
bury, which is famous for its literary
associations. There Sir Phillip Sidney
wrote his "Arcadia," and near by. on
the banks of the river Nadder, Izaak
Walton composed his "Complete
Angler."
A GIFTED NOBLEMAN.
After the Duke of Argyll, the Earl
of Iddesleigh, whose latest novel has
just made its appearance, is perhaps
the most gifted of English noblemen
who write. That is not sayinsr much,
however, for the male members of the
peerage who have gone in for literature
have done so much less successfulv
on the whole than their feminine col
leagues. The Earl of Iddesleijrh's nov
els are not half bad. and so far each
one of them has been better than its
predecessor. His lordship's father, who
was leader of the House of Commons
under Disraeli, was a great book man.
and he and Disraeli used to have fierce
arguments as to the merits of Charles
Dickens, of whom Gladstone's exeat
rival could say nothing good.
There is also the Earl of Ellesmere.
who has published half a dozen novels
or more, the best known of which is
called "Sir Hector's Watch."
FRENCH TO GIVE SWORD
/ TO GENERAL. STOESSEL
Fund Raised for Purpose of Honoring
the Defender of Port
Arthur.
PARIS, Jan. 7.—The subscription list
of the Echo de Paris in favor of giving
a sword of honor to General Stoessei,
the heroic defender of Port Arthur, is
growing apace and will, before many
days, reach the figure of at least $5000.
This is the kind of thing that the
French like to give money for and if
only the gallant officer can find his
v ay in happier days to Paris the town
would go wild over the pleasure of
presenting the gift, so to speak-, in per
son.
The sword will be designed by one of
the greatest French artists and will be
inscribed with the names of a score
of the first citizens of the republic.
Among the heavy subscribers are some
of the most prominent men In France
in all walks of life—political, social and
literary. When the sum subscribed
reaches $6000 the list will be stopped, as
this sum is considered sufficient to pur
chase the finest sword that French art
and workmanship can produce. It is
several times as much as was sub
scribed for the famous sword of honor
given to Colonel Marchand.
LITERARY DUCHESS AND A PRINCE IN THE ADMIRALTY WITH WIFE WHO ASSISTED HIM.
BRITISH NAVAL NEWS
COMES FROM AMERICA
London Office Conceals Facts
LONDON, Jan. 7.—Under the pres
sure of public opinion and the influence
of such men as Admiral Sir John Fish
er anf Lord Charles Beresford, the
Admiralty is«" doing harder and better
work than it has ever done before. But
its organization continues much the
same as that which in the past has
frequently allowed the British navy to
lapse into a deplorable condition of in
efficiency. Its constitution affords no
guarantee that it will not do the same
thing again when public vigilance is
relaxed or its personnel is changed.
The Admiralty is controlled by a
board.
"Boards." says Sidney Smith, "are
only meant to act as a screen"—a
screen to conceal from the public what
goes on within the Admiralty, for
which the British people are now pay
ing neariy $1,500,000 annually in salaries
to heads of departments, minor officials
and clerks. It is based on negation of
direct responsibility—the very principle
which is found essential to the suc
cessful management of any business
enterprise.
At its head is a Cabinet Minister,
with the official title of First Lord of
the Admiralty.
The present holder of the office is
Lord Selborne, who had the good for
tune twenty-one years ago to marry a
daughter of the late Marquis of Sails
bury and thus attached himself to the
house of Cecil, whose members the
Marquis always did his best to provide
with snug political billets. However,
Lord Seaborne is reputed to be a con
scientious, fairly capable and energetic
man.
The other members of the board com
prise four naval officers of high rank,
known, respectively, as the senior, sec
ond, third and junior naval lords; a
civil lord and a parliamentary and
financial secretary. For some un
known reason the third naval lord,
who is known also as the controller,
gets the biggest salary—sßsoo a year,
in addition to his professional pay.
A matter on which naval reformers
are all agreed Is that the naval lords
should" be ho" longer muzzled—that the
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY S, 1905.
men who are best qualified to report on
the condition and requirements of the
navy should be allowed to do so, com
pelled to do so, in fact. At present the
nation is in the main dependent for
official Information of this sort on the
utterances of the politicians' of the
board.
It is a fact, incredible though it may
seeem. that at Washington, from the
reports of the Naval Intelligence
Bureau, more accurate and detailed in
formation can be obtained about the
British navy—the ships and the guns
and everything else connected with it
—than even a member of the House of
Commons can procure from the Brit
ish Admiralty. The foreign naval
attache easily gets the information
that is denied the British taxpayer.
In his book on "Naval Administra
tion" Sir John H. Briggs, who was for
many years chief clerk of the Ad
miralty, and therefore knew all about
it, says: "My official experience justi
fies me in stating that nothing is so
difficult to obtain as really accurate in
formation; the country never gets it,
the House of Commons very seldom,
and it is doubtful if the Prime Minister
himself is honestly furnished with what
he requires."
It tr typically indicative of the slow
ness with which the British Admiralty
adapts its organization to modern re
quirements that the Naval Intelligence
and Mobilization Department—a most
important one —was created only
eighteen years ago.
His serene Highness, Prince Louis of
Battenberg, has been at the head* of
it since 1902. His.salary is $7500 a year.
Singular to relate, he is generally
credited with earning it, too, for al
though a Prince he is really a compe
tent and hard working officer. But he
would never have received the ap
pointment over the heads of various
admirals and rear admirals .while still
only a captain in the navy had he not
had the good fortune to marry in 1884
his cousin. Princess Alice, a grand
daughter of Queen Victoria. Of course
he is a naturalized British subject. He
owns no property in England, but has
a castle and estate at Hesse, Germany.
CZAR'S MOTHER HEADS
THE WAR FACTION.
Opposes Wife of Emperor,
Who Is in Favor of Peace.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 7—During
the whole period of the recent Anglo-
Russian crisis it was evident to all
close observers that there was a strong
force continuously at work in St. Pe
tersburg striving by all possible means
to precipitate a conflict of arms be
tween Russia and England. It was
clearly evident that this force was
working in diryt opposition to the
will of the Czar and the declared pol
icy of the Foreign Minister, Count
Lamsdorff.
This force was the psessure of the
war party, which is the most powerful
outside influence brought to bear on
the Czar in Russia. Many of the ap
parent inconsistencies between the
Czar's principles and theories and the
actual methods by which he governs
Russia have been due to his inability
to carry out his own will in opposition
to that of the Russian war party.
This Russian war party is a fearful
and a wonderful organization. The im
perial court, the Ministries of State,
the army and navy, the civil service
and high society, In brief, all classes
which are able to exercise any effective
influence on the Russian Government
are honeycombed with its adherents.
The party is headed by the Czar's
mother, the Dowager Empress Maria
Feodorovna and by a group of Grand
Dukes of the Imperial family.
"One of the most remarkable features
in Russian politics is the far-reaching
influence which the Dowager Empress
exercises on the course pf public
events. It is a puxzle why the Dow
ager Empress, who came to Russia
from the most democratic court In Eu
rope, should have become more Rus
sian and more Slavonic than the mem
bers of the Russian and Slavonic im
perial family into which she married.
It is incomprehensible to the public
how a Princess educated in free and
enlightened Denmark could become the
most retrograde of all the reactionary
forces at work at the court of the Rus
sian empire.
. It is strange how the royal lady who,
■ ' / - ..'x K -'^
. .. I
as Princess Dagmar of Denmark, was
the most benevolent, soft-hearted and
gracious member of her sex, became
transformed, as the Empress Maria
Feodorovna, into a harsh, merciless
and relentless woman. Nevertheless it
is a fact that the Influence of the Czar's
mother 'has invariably been exerted
on behalf of aggression and active hos
tility toward other nations.
In thiß respect the influence of the
Czar's mother has always been op
posed to that of the Czar's wife, who
has remained unspoiled by the evil
atmosphere of the Russian court. The
Czarina is as much in favor of concilia
tion and peace as the Dowager Em
press is inclined to aggression and war.
This fundamental difference in their
characters and tendencies has repeat
edly caused friction and open quarrels
between the two imperial ladies, and
the Czar, in addition to his normal bur
den of troubles, has frequently been
called upon to mediate between his in
dignant wife and his angry mother—a
task more difficult than that set for
The Hague conference to accomplish.
Unfortunately the influence of the
Dowager Empress has generally proved
more powerful than that of the
Czarina, and the Czar has too fre
quently accepted the imperious be
hests of his mother when it would have
been better for his country and for
humanity if he had followed the gentle
advice of his wife.
Prominent among the Grand Dukes
who belong to the war party are Vlad
imir, Alexis, Sergius, Michael Nicho
lalevitch and Alexander Michelovitch.
Generally speaking, ali these members
of the imperial family, belong to the
war party because they are convinced
that Russia is more likely to fulfill her
mission in the world by savage aggres
sion than by civilized conciliation. They
are not only patriotic Russians, but
enthusiastic Pan-Slavs, who implicit
ly believe that the Romanoff dynasty
is destined to rule over a vast Slavonic
empire- extending over the greater part
of the earth, with Russia as its core.
Pages l?to 26
£ j
Gems of Queen
Draoa Are Sold
Under Hammer
Bring Little Coin
Her Jewelry and
Rare Ornaments
Go With Lot.
LONDON, Jan. 7.—The shadow of a
crime hung over Christie's salesroom
yesterday, when the Jewelry and
dresses of the murdered Queen Draga
of Servia went under the hammer.
The tiara which the ill-fated Queen
wore on her wedding day, her robes of
state and a bracelet given her by the
Czar—all were put up for public auc
tion, but the total sum realized was
only $11,675.
Tragedy was in the air. Society la
dies. Jostled by hawk-eyed dealers,
shuddered under their sables, as they
gazed at the gown which the dead
Queen wore on the day when Alexander
made her his Queen. Above them,
hanging on the salesroom wall, was a
portrait of Alexander and Draga. the
Queen in the bloom of her beauty.
leaning against her husband, and wear
ing that same bridal gown.
The gown, of pleated white satin,
veiled with old Bruges lace, simply
made and high in the neck, was made
in Paris four years ago. The auctioneer
suggested $300 for it, but the dealers
shook their heads. Bidding commenced
at $50 and slowly crept up to $150, at
which price it changed hands.
For the state costume, fashioned
after the royal Servian model of the
fourteenth century, and worn at all
state receptions by Queen Draga, com
petition was -keener. The robe itself
is of royal purple velvet, richly em
broidered with the arms of Servia in
gold and silver thread.
'The final bid was $1250, and both pur
chases, it is understood, were on be
half of interested Servian parties, who
will have the gowns restored to Ser
via
One of the most interesting lots was
the Czar's barbaric bracelet, with its
big emeralds and brilliants. Probably
never before has the wedding gift of
one European sovereign to the wife of
another been sold at public auction.
The Czar's wedding present was re
ported to be worth $20,000, but the high
est bid yesterday was $2200, at which
price the bracelet was sold to Mr.
Dnaysoll.
Only $575 was offered for the Persian
Order of the Sun, with its diamond star
and badge, presented to Draga by the
Shah of Persia four .years ago. In spite
of the fact that the only others known
to be in existence are those held by the
German Empress, the Czarina and
Queen Margherita of Italy.
ROSEBERY OUT OF FAVOR
WITH KING OF ENGLAND
Edward Displeased at Attire Worn by
His Lordship at 'Recent
Reception.
LONDON, Jan. 7.—lx>rd Rosebery
has fallen out of favor with the King.
He "was invited to the King's state ban
quet for the King of Portugal at
Windsor Castle, and, alone among the
guests, he appeared in ordinary even
ing dress. Even Embassador Choate
wore the knee breeches, black silk
stockings and shoes with silver buckles,
which he adopted out at deference to
King Edward's wish, while all the rest
of the company were in full officiul
regalia, with all their orders.
Rosebery seemed dumfounded on en
tering the reception room, but it was
too late to, retire and useless to try
to seclude himself, for his black clothe**
made him the most conspicuous person
in the whole assemblage. The King
looked amazed when Rosebfry ad-
vanced, and the latter made matters
worse by apologetically explaining that
it was a mistake of his valet, who had
forgotten to bring his court suit. King
Edward, who has a lynx eye for the
slightest error in the arrangement of
decorations or departure from the strict
regulations about uniforms, and at
taches great importance to correctness
in these matters, was not appeased on
hearing that Rosebery left such affairs
to his valet. The result was that Lord
Rostbery spent a most uncomfortable
evening. . ■ .
Then this week Colebrooke gave
a dinner to the King, inviting Lord
Rosebery to meet him, but his Majesty
showed unmistakably he had not for
gotten the Windsor incident.18
During the past week there were sev
eral installations by Masonic lodges.
The following officers of Fidelity Lodge
were installed by Retiring Master Wal
lace Alexander Wise, assisted by Past
Master Gustave Brenner:
Jacob Nieto. worshipful master;
Charles Schlessinger, senior warden;
John Philo Albro, junior warden; Max
Goldman, treasurer; Frederick Barry,
secretary; Harry Elias Heineman, mar
shal; Joseph David Abrams, senior
deacon; Roy Block, junior deacon;
Walter Albrecht Radius, Edward
Adams Wasserman, stewards; Mitchell
Joseph Myers, tyler. The installation
was followed by the presentation of a
valuable jewel to the retiring master,
after which there was a banquet at the
Lick House, at which E. Peixotto was "
the toastmaster, and there were re
sponses by Grand Master G. W.
Hunter, Samuel M. Shortridge and E.
H. Hart.
Mount Moriah Lodge had the fol
lowing officers installed: Thomas' C.
Consny, worshipful master; Herbert F.
AV'ard, senior deacon; William H. Doll
ing, junior deacon; John F. Schroth,
treasurer; Theo. Frolich, secretary;
Adolph Eberhartit, chaplain; Clarence
Krickson, senior deacon; George W.
Haberly, junior deacon; George E.
Weideman, marshal;' George McLean
and Charles M. Lindsay, stewards;
John D'Arcy, tyler, and W. K. Wittich,
organist.
The following have been installed
as the officers of South San Francisco
Lodge: Frederick Mayer, worshipful
master; C. A. Muller, senior warden;
Dr. J. A. J. McDonald, junior warden;
S Hanson, treasurer; W. J. B. Warner,
secretary-; Martin Iverson, senior dea
(on; W. Elkington/junior deacon; J.
W. Felt and Richard Neilen, stewards;
John Rines, tyler, and D. M. Law
rence, organist.
Among the popular members of the
Masonic fraternity recently installed
into office for the current Masonic
year are S. Joseph Theisen, worshipful
master, and August Busse, senior war
den of Hermann Lodge No. 127. Both
have been elevated year by year in the
lodge, one to the highest position and
the other to the one that will make
him the master next week, in recogni
tion of their earnest and loyal work.
Native Daughters.
Past Grand President Eliza D. Keith,
Native Daughters of the Golden West,
chairman of the committee on promo
tion and publicity and historical in
terests, has received advice from Mrs.
Fannie L. Prather of Los Angeles Par
lor that since the Native Daughters
were Instrumental in causing to be
erected a flagstaff on Fort Moore -in
that city it has been the custom to
half-mast the flag on that pole on the
death of a Native Daughter and that in
accordance the flag was half-masted
on the death of Past Grand Presidents
Tina L. Kane and Belle Wingfield Con
rad.
Considerable comment has been made
in-the Nativo Daughter circles upon
the fact that at the flna: services over
the remains of the late Past Grand
President Mrs. Belle W. Conrad, the
Native Daughters did not take part.
While Mrs. Conrad in life was a faith
lul member of the subordinate of the
order which did hold the service her
most earnest work was for the Native
Daughters* who honored her with ele
vation to the highest position within
their gift and after her term as such
had expired she was honored with po
sitions on some of the most important
standing; committees of each Grand
Parlor. The service by another order
was at the.request of the family.
Genevieve Parlor No. 132 celebrated
the thanksgiving day of the order of
Native Daughters by an entertainment
and dance which was a very success
ful affair and netted quite a goodly
sum to the fund for the relief of the
sick of the parlor. At the last held
meeting the parlor at the close of busi
ness had a delightful entertainment
and there were rendered several very
acceptable ballads by members who
are possessed of very fine voices. After
the programme there was a Spanish
supper and speeches and the baby par
lor of South San Francisco was con
gratulated upon the progress it is mak
ing.
Miss Anna F. Lacy, whose portrait is
presented in this issue of Echoes from
the Lodge Room, is a prominent mem
ber of Las Lomas Parlor, one who has
been a very active worker and who
during her connection with the order
has filled many stations. At the last
held session of the Grand Parlor she
was elected one of the grand trustees.
Grand Secretary Laura J Frakes re
turned to this city last Monday, but
she will leave on the 11th inst. to ac
company Grand President Caminetti
on her official visits to the parlors of
Amador County. *
Redmanship.
During the last week in December
Great Pocahontas Annie M. Bliss and
Grand Recorder Porter L, Bliss and
Ida Wheeler,, great* Minnehaha, and
MEMBERS OF FRATERNAL. ORGANIZATIONS OF SAN FRANCISCO WHOSI
EFFORTS IN BEHALF OF THEIR RESPECTIVE ORDERS HAVE BEEN RE
WARDED BT ADVANCEMENT TO HIGHER OFFICES.
George Wheeler, sachem of Wyandotte
Tribe, paid a fraternal visit to loka
Council, D. of P. The visitors were
pleasantly received and were, after
having spoken for the good of the or
der, hospitably entertained. As re
minder of the occasion the lady visit
ors were each presented a souvenir
spoon.
The great Pocahontas paid an of
ficial visit last week to Alfarata Coun
cil and was given a true fraternal
welcome. During the last week in De
cember this council had its monthly at
borne in the Social Hall of the Khiels
building. There was a good attend
ance and all had a good time at a fish
pond and theh indulged in dancing for
two hosrs.
The chiefs of Pocahontas Council
will be raised in public in the Red
Men's building January 11.
Miss Annie Wiehman has been
chosen Pocahontas of Oneida Council
No. 27 of the D. of P. for the cur
rent six moons. Having filled the
chieftaincy of Wenonah of that coun
< i! with great satisfaction to the mem
bers, it is expected that she will make
8 first-class chief during the current
term. ,
A
Foresters of America.
On the occasion of the visit of Grand
Financial Secretary Cordy to VJsalia
last week there was a large gathering
of Foresters. The court of Visalia
was on hand with seventeen candi
dates for initiation; the one from Por
terville with six, and the one from
Tulare with five. These were formed
into a class and initiated at the same
time.
Arrangements have been made for
the* public, installation of the officers
of the court in Livermore. those of
the one in Pleasanton and those of
the one at Niles in Livermore on the
night of "January 11. The installation
will be by Deputy Grand Chief Ran
ger Charles Evans. All the grand of
ficers have been invited to be pres
ent.
Junior Court Pride of California has
arranged for a theater party in the
Lyceum January 19.
Grand Recording Secretary Dr.
Charles M. Troppmann will visit the
court at Winters January 11 and the
one at Mokelumne on January 23.
Grand Trustee Jackson will visit
Court Citrus on January 12, Court
Eastlake on rhe 13th; Court Tangerine,
17th; Court Silver Gate, 18th; Court
San Diego, 19th; Court Palomar, 20th;
Court Olive, 23d; Court Ddnato All
ghiere, 24th; 'Court Neptune, 26th:
Court Santa Ana, 27th, and Court Co
lumbus, 31st.
An entertainment and ball will be
given in Lyric Hall February 25 in aid
of the general relief-committee of this
city.
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Tho
man will pay an official visit to the
circle in Redwood City February 4.
.Elmhurst Circle has arranged for an
entertainment and dance in aid of one
of its members, who has been sick for
some time, and is greatly in need of as
sistance.
Grand Financial Secretary Agnes D.
Bremer has resigned as deputy for
Elmhurst Circle and Charles Alvord
has been recommended to fill the Va
cant position.
The anniversary ball given by Court
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY 8, 1905.
Robin Hood during the latter part of
last December was a very pleasant af
fair that, w as attended by a large num
ber of people.
At the first anniversary banquet
jriven by Court Fidelity in the latter
part of December the principal speak
ers were Finlay Cook, E. M. Ritter, J.
McCreery, M. Levy, Dr. A. Adler, J.
Levine, M. Moses and Toastmaster
Couveiseur. '
Martha Washington Circle is arrang
ing for a party to be given this month.
Knights of Pythias.
The third Monday night in December
marked an epoch in the history of Lau
rel Lodge No. 4 of the Knighffe of Py
thias, it being inauguration of
what promises to be a series of enter
tainments to be given at stated periods
by the lodge. The routine business
having been speedily disposed of the
doors of the lodgeroom were opened. A
large number of invited guests were
admitted, after which Past Chancellor
Daniel W. Saylor acted as master of
ceremonies and welcomed the visitors.
Past Grand Chancellor Jtohn H. Har
ney, by invitation, gave an address on
the origin and progress of the order.
His address w as a most interesting one,
which was listened to with marked at
tention, and at its close he was gener
ously applauded. He was followed by
Past Chancellors Powell and Renfro,
who spoke on different phases of the
order and lodge, after which there was
an adjournment to the banquet hall,
which was tastefully decorated in red,
blue and gold, the colors of the order.
A bountiful supper was partaken of
by the Knights and a number of Rath
bone Sisters, who, when they entered
the banquet hall, were greeted with
prolonged applause. After the supper
there was an instrumental overture by
Professor Charies S. Hoffman, an ad
dress by Grand Keeper of Records and
Seal H. Schaffner and vocal selections
by Knights Cullen of Eureka Lodge,
Henley of St. Paul, Minn.; Gates and
Past Chancellor Kull. The committee
that had charge of this very enjoyable
affair was C. A. Ross. J. E. Westoby,
E. .F. Bayley, J. M. Appleton and
Ernest Ulman..
During the past week the officers of
California Lodge were installed by
Deputy Grand Chancellor W. L. Koch
and at the close of the induction F. O.
.Moll, the retiring chancellor, was pre
sented with a magnificent Jewel of his
rank in the order.
Myrtle, Unity and Mars lodges of
this city have each arranged for the
public Installation of the officers for the
next term.
During the current month the grand
chancellor will commence a series of
visitations to the lodges in the south
land and will be absent about six
weeks.
The grand keeper of records and seal
procured for and has forwarded to Val
ley Lodge of San Francisco twenty
medals of the rank of veterans of the
order, these to be presented to mem
bers of the lodge • who have earned
them.
Order of Pendo.
Supreme Councilor Tugwell has re
ceived advice of the organisation and
institution of a council at McMinni
ville, another at Fall City and still an
other at Newburg, in the State of Ore
gon. Each was started with a mem
bership of more than twenty on the
charter list.
Reports have also been received
from Brownsville, Taylor and St. Mar
cus, in the State of Texas, announcing
the institution of a council in each of
these places, each with a large mem
bership.
Advices from* North Yaquima.
Wash., are to the effect that the order
is doing remarkably Well in that part
of the country.
In this State a new council will soon
be instituted in Yuba County and two
in this city. The prospects for in
crease in California are very flattering.
Arrangements have been completed
for the introduction of the order In the
State of Ohio.
Home Council had a very pleasing
party last week in its hall in the Odd
Fellows' building. There was a very
large attendance and a most pleasing
hour of entertainment, after which
there was dancing.
Last week the council in San Mateo
had a very pleasant evening in cele
bration of the holiday season. Su
preme Councilor Tugwell and Supreme
Secretary Terry were present and dur
ing the session addressed the meeting
for the good of the order.
The officers of Home Council were
installed last week, those of Golden
Gate Council will be installed January
9. those of Oakland Council on the
same night. The last yarned council
will have a party January 16.
A new council was instituted during
the latter part of December in Staples,
Tex., and one in Seattle, Wash. The
latter (named King) was started with
sixty-four charter members.
There was a great jollification In
Stege Council last week after the in
stallation of officers.
M *
Modern Woodmanshjp.
Royal Neighbors, Modern Woodmen
of America, and their friends were roy
ally entertained by Enright Camp, R.
N., in Electricians' Hall iacently.
There was a good programme of enter
•tainment, refreshment and dancing,
and, in addition, the auctioning of bas
kets of lunch brought by the ladies of
the camp. Messrs. Cutler and Johan
sen acted as auctioneers. The commit
tee of arrangements was Neighbors
Davis, Cutler and Mrs. Davis.
Goodfellow ('amp at its last held
meeting adopted several strangers and
will have more to adopt at the next
meeting. The officers of this camp will
be installed at the second meeting in
January.
Occidental Camp received several ap
plications at its last held session.
Siate Deputy J. O. Davis visited
Fresno last week in the interest of
the camp located there. Subsequent
ly he journeyed south and visited the
camps in Los Angeles County, which
occupied several days of his time.
T. J. Pierce has been appointed dep
uty for San Francisco. L. A. Bushell,
the highest ranking deputy in Tennes
son, has been assigned to the Fresno
district in this Stale.
During the past week State Organizer
Davis left for Fresno and after remain
ing there two days went to Los An
geles, where he assisted at the instal
lation of the officers of the camp of
that city.
The officers of Goodfellowship Camp
of this city went to San Mateo last
week and installed the officers of the
camp that was instituted on the occa
sion of their visit.
The officers of Goodfellowship Camp
will be installed at an open meeting on
the night of Monday, January 9. Those
of Occidental Camp will be installed
January 12, and those of Enright Camp
of the Royal Neighbors will be in
stalled January 19.
c
Druidism.
The Druids' Memorial day commit
tee haa appointed sub-committees on
hall, talent, music, decorations and
printing to obtain estimates as to what
the cost of the services will be. It was
decided to hold the exercises on Febru
ary 12, in order that the grand offi
cers, who shortly after that date will
be away on official visits, may be
present. The committee has elected
the following named as the permanent
oriiccrs: D. Giovannini, president;
Mary Martin, vice president; J. M.
Wolff, secretary, and J. P. Hansen,
treasurer.
McKinley Grove at its last held meet
ing had two applications for member
ship, and rt expects after the first
week of the current month to adopt a
plan that will induce the members to
work for the Increase of the grove.
Arrangements are being made for a
social in the near future, which, it is
expected, will be far in advance of
the many pleasant functions given in
the past by this grove.
McKinley Grove has, over the signa
ture of the noble arch, Thomas T.
Bit tftocK
Thornton and Secretary P. J. O'Connor,
sent a letter to each member asking
each to. contribute "a man" so as to
have an increase of fifty before the
close of the present term. The grove
initiated a stranger at its last meet
ing and received an application. On
February the grove will give a social
in the main hall of the Alcazar build-
lng.
Pacific Grove at its meeting last week
had work in the initiatory degree In
the presence of several visitors. Under
good for the order Noble Arch Sullivan
was' highly complimented for having
instructed the stranger in the signs and
charges in such a manner that it will
not be easy to forget them and their
import. It was stated that if all noble
arches did as the one of Pacific Grove,
strangers would never be confused as
to these matters, but would clearly
understand the lessons taught.
El Dorado Circle on the last Friday
in December had a Christmas tree
party for the children of members prin
cipally, and for the members and their
friends incidentally. Presents were
given to each child and there was a
programme of dances for the adults.
The affair was well managed by
Mesdames A. Thornhill. Matinoni,
Godeau, Keonlg, Helden, Mdir, Hil
derbrandt and Bolettl. /
Friends of the Forest.
Deputy Supreme Organizer Louise
Carcass recently organized a new lodge
)f the Friends of the Forest in Ala
meda and the same was Instituted as
Evergreen Lodge No! 21 by Supreme
President Mrs. Jeffreys, assisted by
jther supreme officers. Ajinie Caswell
was installed as president; Hattie A.
Singles, past president; Friend Hos
!ord, vice president; Friend Yaw,
chaplain; Friend Jefferson, financial
secretary; Friend Priestly, recording
secretary.
Olive Branch Lodge had a turkey
party, in the Council Hall of Mission
Dpera building on the last Wednes
iay in December. There was a good
ittendance and all had an enjoyable
time.
The officers of Pioneer Lodge were
installed on the night of January 3.
Oak Leaf Lodge, F. of F.. at Its last
held session in December initiated
three strangers.
Laurel Lodge had fifteen applications
presented to it at its last held meeting.
Next Tuesday night Pioneer Lodge
will hold an open meeting, when there
will be presented a pleasing programme
for the friends of members.
Odd Fellowship.
The new officers of Canton No. 5, Pa
triarchs Militant, will be installed Jan
uary 13 and the ceremony will be fol
lowed by a banquet.
Ita Lodge initiated a number of can
didates last week, and it being the clos
ing initiation of the year the members,
after the work, had a pleasant time at
a supper.
The general relief committee of this
city will give a minstrel show in Lyric
Hall February 3 in aid of the friendship
fund of the committee. After the show
there will be dancing for two hours.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge held an
open meeting January 2, when it wel
comed all friends for the purpose of
wishing them a happy New Year. On
the evening of January 9 the officers of
this lodge will be publicly installed.
Amity Lodge of the Rebekahs re
cently had a Christmas tree party for
the children of members, under the
direction of Mrs. Randall, chairman;
Mmes. Webb, Zeigler, Mason, Mc-
Kenna, Morrell, McLeod and Andrews
and Messrs. Sickels, Laurie and Mc-
Leod. After the distribution of many
presents to the children and of fruit
t3 the adults there was dancing for
two hours.
Under the supervision of Lottie R.
Carson, Mrs. Leddy, Mrs. Button and
Messrs. Button, Dennett and Munroe
Templar Lodge gave an entertainment
last week that was enjoyed by as many
people as could be crowded into the
Memorial Hall of the Odd Fellows'
building. There was a good pro
gramme of musical and literaiy num
bers presented by Mmes. Penneman,
Kirner and Smith, M. Elsasser and
Miss Sophie Gilbert. This was fol
lowed by a farce, entitled-"The Snow
Sisters," presented by Adelaide Brown,
Thursday Barrett, Edna Kennafd.
Cora Gabel, Pearl Bowen, Mrs.'Button,
Elza Yocon, Mrs. Holmes, Maude Dan
iels, Bessie Phillips, Mrs. Leddy and
Mrs. Cockrell. Each of these ladies,
attired in odd custume, did "a little
stunt" in a manner that won for each
much apphiuse. Dancing followed the
programme.
Jubilee Rebekah Lodge installed its
officers January 3; Oriental on the
4th; California on the 7th; Loyal will
Install on the 9th, when the president
of th§ assembly will be present; Tem
plar on the 12th; Mission on the 19th
and Amity on the 28th.
Mission Rebekah Lodge at its meet
ing last week initiated nine strangers
and admitted one by card.
The midwinter fair by Loyal Re
bekah Lodge recently in the banquet
hall of the Odd Fellows' building was
w ell attended and was well patronized.
It was in the nature of a country fair,
at which there were offered many
articles suitable for holidays gifts and
all were disposed of. These were in
charge of Myrtle Carberry, Tillie
Craig, Ella Nixon, Jennie Tanner, Eola
M. Cyrus, Fred A. Taylor and M. Spen
cer. There was also a lunchroom in
charge of Tlllle Craig and E. M.
Cyrus and "a beauty table* in charge
of Miss Ella R. Bourne and Mrs.
Whalen. During the evening there
was a programme of music and
dances.
Mrs. Alma I. Jensen, past president
of the California Rebekah Assembly,
has just recovered from an attack of
illness which confined her to her home
for three weeks.
Ancient Order Workmen.
The reports presented at the office
of the grand recorder of the Ancient
Order of United Workmen show a
greater number- of new applications
during December than during any of
the preceding eleven months. Dur
ing that month 187 applications were
favorably passed upon by the grand
medical examiner.
Marked activity has been noted in
the southern part of the State recent
ly. In Los Angeles a past masters'
association has been organised and an
extension committee brought into ex
istence within a short time, Several
trolley parties were got up by the
new extension committee and mem
bers of the local lodges for the pur
pose of visiting lodges in the suburbs
of Los Angeles.
Gfand Foreman Savage, a resident
of Los Angeles, will, after the dis
charge of legislative duties, pay a vis
it to the lodges in the northern part
of the State.
Grand Recorder Spencer will pay a
visit to Los Angeles about the middle
of the current month and remain in
the southland for a wek or ten days.
The local lodges will install officers
for the ensuing term at the first meet
ing of the current month.
In the Degree of Honor the instal
lation OT officers of Silver Spray
Lodge will be with those of Excelsior
Lodge of the A. O. U. W. January 11.
Forget-Me-Not Lodge will, In all
probability, install officers January 14,
and Carnation Lodge will Install Joint
ly with Unity Lodge. A. O. U. W..
January 17.
Carnation Lodge had a pleasant
meeting on the fourth Friday in De
cember, on which occasion there were
remarks for the good of the order by
Grand Receiver Ella Van Court,
Grand Recorder Loretta B. Donnelly,
Grand Recorder C. T. Spencer and
Grand Receiver Sam Booth of the A.
O. U. W.; recitations by Olive Pearl
Miller and by R. McKenzie, past mas
ter of Sts. Johns' Lodge. There were
present several members of Silver
Spray Lodge and many from Forget-
Met-Not Lodge.
Lincoln Annuity Union.
The entertainment given by San
Francisco Assembly No. 1, Lincoln An
nuity Union, in the latter part of last
month was a decided success. The at
tendance was unusually large and all
entered into the spirit of the occasion
with unusual enthusiasm. The pro
gramme included the following num
bers: Overture (piano), Miss Grace
Walsh; vocal solo, Mrs. Bertha Duden
Prentiss, accompanied by Mrs. Dr. J.
A. Kuykendall; song ana dance, Miss
Myrtle Miller and Miss Lola Norris;
zilher solo, Professor Louis Zeiss;
vocal solo, Mrs. Dahl; banjo duet, Mrs.
Kuykendall and Miss Alice Zinns; song
Miss Margaret Shields; vocal solo, Miss
Annie Gill; address, "Lincoln Annuity
Union," by its president, Ernest Duden;
song and dance. Miss Helen Lynam.
At the termination of the programme
the committee in charge distributed a
C hristmas present to each one in the
hall, after which it was "on with the
dance" until midnight.
During the current month and every
month thereafter "Lincoln's Message,"
to be the official organ of the order,
will be issued and it will be sent to
each member-
San Francisco Assembly No. 1 and
Washington Assembly No. 3 on Jan
uary 6 celebrated the first anni
versary of the founding *of the senate
of the order by an entertainment in
the Odd Fellows' building.
Knights of Honor.
Norman Lodge of the Knights of
Honor has elected the following officers
for the ensuing term: J. A. Berliner,
P. D.: N. H. Hirshfleld, D.; Joseph
Morris, V. D.; Brock, A. D.; J. Gans,
R.; P. I. Joyce, F. R.; F. W. Zehfuss,
TS, Wiltfam Saalburg. C; F. Wilkins,
G.; H. Monash, guard; A. Selig. S.; D.
Davis. J. Maas, W. A. St. Amant, trus
tees; P. H. Maas, M. D., examlning
physician.
While Grand Dictator Archibald was
in Sacramento officially visiting the
lodge there three applications for mem
bership were presented. During Jan
uary that lodge will initiate seven
rtrangers.
The lodge in Napa reports that it
will have work In the initiatory degree
during January.
On December 2S seven candidates
were initiated in Monterey, and on the
following night several candidates were
initiated by thu lodge in Salinas.
Martha Lodge is arranging for a
banquet in celebration of its twenty
fifth anniversary.
Independent Foresters.
High Chief Ranger G. Q. Stewart left
for Ukiah last week and he spent sev
eral days in that place building up the
court and doing what could be done for
the organization of a companion court.
Eight, strangers were initiated, the new
officers were installed for the current
term and then it was decided that the
court is to meet weekly.
The high chief ranger will visit
Woodland on January 11 for the pur
pose of attending the Joint meeting of
Court Woodland and Companion Court
Camella. He will be accompanied by
Past High Chief Ranger Cooper, High
Vice Chief Ranger Hopkins and Past
High Treasurer Cameron.
On January 12 the head of the order
will visit the court at Williams to be
present at the installation of the offi
cers. On the 14th he will visit the
court at Elmira. On January 17 he will
attend the joint installation of the offi
cers of Court Wildwood and the com
panion court of the same name at Boul
der Creek.
Last week a number of the San Fran
cisco board of deputies paid a visit to
Court Golden Gate, and the member
ship was addressed by President Wil
liam Stewart of the board, Secretary
Driscoll and Deputy Stiller. The visit
ors were well received, and what they
had to say was listened to with marked
attention. The courtesy of the court
was appreciated.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
Progress Lodge of the Fraternal
Brotherhood had a most pleasing party
last week, that was enjoyed by a very
large number of people. The functions
of this lodge are always well attended
owing to the fact, no doubt, that the
members of the lodge know how to
make all feel at home during a social
function. The officers of this lodge
were installed on the night of January
6, and the induction Into office of the
new rulers of the lodge was followed
by a banquet.
On the night of January 4 Mrs. Cora
A. Merritt of Oakland v installed the
officers of San Francisco Lodge and
those of Aurora Lodge in the new
quarters of the first named lodge in
Golden Gate Hall.
The officers of Columbia Lodge were
installed in Red Men's Hall on the
night of the first Wednesday In Janu
ary.
The new officers of Alameda Lodge
were installed January 6 by the team
of San Francisco Lodge.
Mission Lodge of the Fraternal Broth
erhood • has elected the following of
ficers to serve for the first term of the
current year: Ada Schendel, president;
Merrill B. Hornbeck, vice president; A.
M. Dabney, chaplain; Lillie A. Dygert,
treasurer; E. H. Austin, secretary; Jo
seph Millard, sergeant-at-arms; Ida
Adams, mistress-at-arms; Charlotte
Millard, inside doorkeeper; David Car
cass, outside doorkeeper; Dr. Edith C.
Wells, physician; Pearl Taylor, organ
ist; L. G. Gummow, delegate to district
convention. This lodge lias appuinted
Messrs. Gummow, Cummlngs and
Schreiber a committee to arrange a
side degree for the 'odge. On the night
of the fourth Thursday in December
this lodge after a good business meet
ing had a social hour, an impromptu
programme of entertainment, then a
collation and.dancing. It was a jolly
crowd and all had a jolly good time.
The Americans.
California Assembly of The Ameri
cans will on the evening of January l'J
have a mock trial —an action for dam
ages for breach of promise, the plaintiff
beipg Lillie T. Schultz of Washington
Assembly and the defendant L. H.
Gadsby of California Assembly. Bert
Schlesinger will be the Judge. The
plaintiff's case will be presented by W.
C. Cantell and E. M. Ritter, and the
defense by John E. Harper and Jame3
S. Smith.
On the night of its first meeting in
January Oakland Assembly installed
a class of fifteen or more strangers.
The new officers of the several as
semblies will be installed at the first
meeting of each in January. The ma
jority of the officers, particularly thoso
in this city and in Alameda County,
will be installed by Director General
Henry Clay Lewis.
The social given by Berkeley Council
at Lorin recently was attended by more
than 300 persons.
Assemblies of the order will soop be
instituted In the States of Oregon and
Washington.
Eastern Star.
The following have been installed
officers of Crockett Chapter of the
Order of the Eastern Star, Associate
Crand Patron L. B. Leavitt being the
installing officer, assisted by Past
Matron Lily B. Reed, acting as mar
shal: Kate Emily Edwards, worthy
matron; Arthur W. Beam, worthy pa
tron; Sarah D. Jones, associate ma
tron; Harry L. Jones, secretary; Wil
liam A- Davis, treasurer; Helena C.
Paul, conductress; Libby A. Davis, as-
conductress; Nancy C. Molles,
chaplain; Henrietta C. Ross, marshal;
Etta Goodfriend, organist; Mary M.
Moignard, Adah; Carrie Beam, Ruth;
Ella Peterson. Esther; Edith Copes
take Martha; Annie Edwards. Electa;
Harriet W. Jones, warder; Eugene R.
Harris, sentinel. After the installation
there was presented a- beautiful dia
mond set jewel to the retiring matron
in appreciation of her services to the
chapter. This was followed by a ban
• quet and speechmaklng-
Grand Matron Pauline Wetzlar Dohr r
mann has announced the following
visits during the current month: Jan
uary 21 to Sonora, 13th to Angels, 14th
to Murphys Camp. 17th to Mokelumne
Hill, 18th to San Andreas, 19th to Jack
son and 20th to Woodbridge.
The grand matron installed the offi
cers of the chapter at Winters on Jan
uary 4.
San Francisco Chapter has appointed
a committee to arrange for a party in
the near future.
Harmony Chapter had work in the
initiatory degree at Its last held meet
ing in December."Tettnazzini coming? Will appear first
night? Put me down for sixteen seats
for the opening:*' This is the kindr of
" thing, mostly in a liquid Italian-Eng
lish, that has kept the Tivoli 'phone
■ hot the last week. For this week comes
grand opera. It is the first, barring
three odd performances of "Lucia." for
. more than a year. It promises to be
the most remarkable ever given by the
Tivoli management —that has done
things before. Be that as it may. Jona
than. Hans, and Giulio—chiefly Giulio,
v ith Y\s prfvllege of large ardors—has
• been thus welcoming the event.
Last year in San Francisco was re
markable In that it was the first for
very many years with only a single
; grand opera presented. It is remark
able in that it was so remarkable. The
year will probably be labeled In history
. as "the one in which we had no grand
opera." For year after year, as New
York, Boston and Philadelphia, thus
. far San Francisco has had its grand
opera seasons. Diamonds, it is true,
have been as few in front as behind the
footlights at most of them. A little
'•matter of brains and heart and ears
was all the audiences bothered with;
and throats the singers.
■ Yet with these we have made records.
In general appreciation and familiar
knowledge of opera San Francisco
yields place to no city in the United
States. More sensitive, doubtless, is the
judgment in the aforementioned cities.
They have had the best upon which to
form judgment, and plenty of It. But
opera Is there rather an exotic than a
native necessity; the love of the few
rather than the joy of the many. Here
;£very one has been free of it, and
"Trovatore" here is as common whist
ling as the Fifth Symphony in a Ger
man beer garden.
The history of how this came about
is the history of the Tivoli, as every
• good San Franciscan knowß—the pres
"ent point, however, his naive surprise
and injury In being denied his opera
'fora season. Possibly the fates thought
•themselves sufficiently kind in giving
us last year the handsome new Tivoli.
This new year they promise an opera
season that w ill be wrorthy of the house.
Three conductors, a chorus of fifty,
an orchestra of fifty, a soprano that be
gins next season a three-year contract
to sing the Sembrich roles with Con
ried, at least three new operas and a
few other such trifles are among the
assets of the company to appear at the
Tivoli this week.
To begin with Signor Pollacca. La
Scala and Milan know Signor Pollacca.
"Doc" Leahy knows the conductor just
as well and more interestingly. In Milan
Pollacca is known as an operatic con
ductor of first distinction, as director
of the leading symphony orchestra
and as a stage manager of genius and
brilliant energy. Besides Vhis Mr.
Leahy knows him as the extraordinary
person that would ask him. say at 10:30
o'clock in the morning, "What opera
should you like to hear to-night?"
" 'La Tosca,' " Mr. Leahy might say.
and did.
"All right. To-night you have him!"
Poila.<-i_». would fay. And at night Mr.
Leahy would "have him."
The pulblic? Oh, they did not mind!
This was down In lazy, ardent, unbusi
nesslike Mexico. But by noon every
one in the city knows what opera will
be given in the evening, and if a new
one the opera-house will be sold out.
It was for "Zaza," given for the first
time there this season. Berlendi, by
the way, who sings the title role, "cre
ated" it at La Scala. On Saturday
"THE GYPSY." A FASCINATING LITTLE PASTEL. BY EVELYN \LMOND
W-jfHROW, A STUDY IN STRIKING CONTRAST TO THE SERIOUS WORK
Sfjjfi DID DURING HER FOUR YHARS' SOJOURN ABROAD.
Signor Pollacca asked the Tivoli im
presario what opera he preferred to
hear as a final specimen of their work
"Zaza," Mr. Leahy decided, "but I
leave on Tuesday night." Monday
night, however, saw the Mexican pre
miere of "Zaza," with the doors of the
opera-house closed against battling
hundreds at quarter before 8 o'clock.
"They were enthusiastic?" I asked.
"They went crazy.'" Mr. Leahy, put
it. "But if they don't like a thing!
The chorus behind scenes in the third
act went wrong somehow —it was be
hind the beat, if I remember, and the
noise {he audience made was like a
million geese."
The City of Mexico is otherwise
operatically interesting. The opera, is
subsidized by the Government and is
further under the protection of what is
known as the Society Drog. This so-,
ciety is composed of some dozen of the
wealthy citizens, and what responsi
bility is unassumed by the Government
is undertaken by them. Everything is
furnished for the artists, theater, set
tings and the rest, and nothing required
of them but to sine and present a cer
tain number of new operas each sea
son. But one forgets. They are also
expected to accept with resignation
their salary two weeks in advance.
All the movements of the company
while it is in America are under the
direction of the Society Drog. It is this
organization that sees to it that Ha
vana, for example, puts up its J100;000
subsidy for the season. It is this so
ciety with which Mr. Leahy has had
to plead for the month that has been
arranged for here.
* * •
The company is recruited from Italy
and by report promises excellently.
Tettrazzini. the singer that will sing
the Sembrich roles w|th Conried next
year, is said to be the most favorably
known soprano in Italy at the present
time. To her presence is due the pre
ponderance of the lyric soprano ele
ment in the repertoire of operas.
"Lakme." not heard here for many
years, will be revived. "Dinorah" is
another novelty of revival. Of course
Rosina in "The Barber of Seville,"
Gilda in "Rigoletto," "Lucia" and "La
Traviata" will be upon the singer's pro
gramme.
Berlendi is in the dramatic-lyric
genre. She will be heard as Mimi in
"La Boheme," as La Tosca and as Zaza
among other roles. Incidentally, Signora
Berlendi is charmingly pretty. There
are two other sopranos, Signora Flory
and Signora Bettini. Signora Claessens
and Signora Marchi are mezzo-soprano
and contralto, # respectively.
La Puma, barytone, would «era to be
most prominent among thf male sing
ers. He is said to be gifted in extraor
dinary measure all round. But La
Puma will find it a tittle difficult to ef
face the memory of Gregoretti, whom
he*"is said somewhat to resemble, not to
speak of that fine old maestro, Salassa.
Interestingly the barytone may be
heard in the well-known mass of Don
Perosi, the famous monk composer,
that will probably be given some time
during the coming season. There is a
famous friendship between the com
poser and/the barytone. Romboli is the
second barytone and will make his bow
in "Rigoletto" next Wednesday night,
that opera having been chosen to open
the season. There is a third' barytone,
Rossi.
Colli, the tenor, is extravagantly her-
BY M, mm PARTINGTON _
aided. His voice is of the lyric order
and is said to be of exceptional beauty.
There are also Bazelli and Frosini, the
latter a tenore robusto.
The basso profundo, Rossi, is said to
rival Plancon in size if not in voice.
Muynoz is the basso cantante and. with
Cervi, completes the list of principals.
With the company comes also Signor
Saporelli, stage manager, and a large
proportion of the chorus and orchestra,
not forgetting the two other conduct
ors, Signor Golisciani and SignorLongo.
Three new operas and a new com
poser will be introduced to us during
this season. Cilea and "Adrienne Le
couvreur" are the new composer and the
opera. The score of "Adrienne Le
couvreur" promises handsomely, Cilea
ranking well with the most prominent
among the younger Italians. Giordani.
whose "Andre Chenier" was so well
liked at its introduction here last sea
son, will be newly represented this year
with "Fedora." The opera is in th c .
same genre as "La Tosca" and is said
to be as vividly dramatic in its musical
treatment. "Andre Chenier" will, hap
pily, be repeated. Puccini's "Manon
Lescaut" will be the third new work.
Most interestingly the Massenet "Ma
non" will also be given, the opportu
nity to compare the French and Italian
handling of the story being one of the
rare privileges of the season. Of course,
"La Boheme" and also "La Tosca" will
be sung.
Almost rs much interest will be felt
in the revival of "Laktne." "The Pearl
Fishers" and "Linorah," operas so lone
ago presented here as to come with all
the pleasure of novelty. Two only of
the Verdi works are on* the pro
gramme. "Rigoletto" and "La. Travi
ata," unprecedented limit in local
grand opera seasons. Another curios
ity of the repertoire is its inclusion of
two Bellini operas, "La Sonnambula"
and "PPuritani." "Zaza," again, is
of the modern revivals: and "I'Pag
liaccl" will not be forgotten. Its sis
ter opera, "Cavalleria Rusticana." is
the only work by which Masoaeni will
be represented. "Faust," a possible
"Carmen," "Lucia." "Mignon" and
"The Barber of Seville" < omplete the
four weeks' repertoire. Without Signor
Polacea changes his mind some fine
morning the following programme will
be carried out next week: 'Rigoletto,'*
Wednesday; Thursday, "La Tosca";
"The Barber of Seville," Friday, and
Saturday, "Andre Chevnler."
As to prices, they will' not take more
than ?? wherever you wish to sit—not
even for Herr Conried's coming' diva.
Blessed the days of a California win
ter! Pink and purple is the sky at early
morn, and blue as the turquoise when
the sun stf out of the poft gray mist;
gold—liquid gold—with pink and purple
dyed deep in its soul, these are the win
ter days we know in California. And
small wonder that Flora, the well be
loved, calls from the warm and fra
grant earth the fairest creatures of her
brain—the rose, the lily, the sensuous
narcissus, to do honor to the caressing
sky. And even the sturdy redwoods,
projected at command of Pan that his
melodies have fit setting, grow to
youthful exultation in strong new arms
and nimble finger tips.
And the eucalyptus, child of a foreign
soil, a useful immigrant, laves in the
luscious moisture of these gray
mystic mornings. It is these that
Cadenasso loves. The marshes, green
in unison with the theory of earth
and red in the practice of it
red with the gross passion thereof—
are veiled in an opalescent vapor. The
mountains, in robes of verdant velvet,
are crowned with a turquoise coronet
studded in gold. And the sea—the deep
blue sea—laps the white sands of the
beach in the langudrous luxury of pos
session, luring the dreamer to list to the
wooing with its exquisite sob of repres
sion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905.
CHIEF CONDUCTOR FOR THE
ITALIAN OPERA COMPANY TO
PLAY HERE SOON.
And 50 cents will give you everything.
1 don't know how the Tivoli manages
it—but that is their concern.
•
WHAT THE THEATERS
OFFER THE PUBLIC
FOR PRESENT WEEK
Flaubert's story of "Salammbo."
dramatized by Stanislaus Stange. with
Katherlne Kidder and Frederick,
Warde in the principal roles, will be the
attraction at the Columbia Theater
this week. The play Is spectacular and
melodramatic in character, its locale,
ancient Carthage, affording opportuni
ty for a series of magnificent pictures.
In the supporting company among
others are Wadsworth Harris. Thomas
Coffin Cooke, Augustus Balfour. Harry
Barton, Ina Brooks. Irene Osier and lit
tle Walter Burns. The musical'setting:,
by the distinguished American com
poser, Henry K. Hadley, is among the
features of the production.
The engagement is limited to one
week only.
* » *
At the Majestic Theater will be the
premiere of a new biblical play by
Ella Wheeler Wilcox and Luscombe
Searelle, founded upon the story of
Esther, and entitled "Mizpah." The
play is in four acts and eight scenes,
and is written in blank verse. Chief
among the characters are Esther.
Vashti, Ahasuerus and Mordecai: Miss
Block to appear as Esther. Miss Elea
nor Gordan as Vashti —a part of almost
equal important c, Mr. Gilmour as
Ahasuerus and Mr. Gould as Moid si.
The piece will be elaborately staged,
and the production is attracting un
usual attention.
* • •
Blanche Bates in "The Darling of the
Gods" will to-morrow begin the third
and final week of her engagement.
There will be two special matinees next
week, on Tuesday and Thursday aft
All these are the winter allurements
of the land of the setting sun. at once
the inducements and awards of the
artist folk—they of the ilk that see
things and feel things. And small won
der, then, that the artists are packing
their knapsacks for a tryst with nature
in her tenderest mood, for never is she
so loving, so lovely, so caressing, so al
luring, so masterful as in her January
and February moods. And here's to
her! May she meet the men she loves
and the men who love her and who
will interpret her message in the spirit
she gives it!—a message to every man
and woman and child that breathes.
For nature has adopted art—she is the
foster-child—the chiW of nature, heart
and soul and, mind, rather than her
body. And she is hopeful that the off
spring of her spiritual personality will
touch the physical souls of God's chil
dren. That alone is her mission.
* • •
Now that the exuberance of the new
year has vanished many of our local
men will take to the open—those who
haven't had headaches to hold them
hence. Latimer, who, by the way, is
rising mightily in local reputation—and
only God himself knows what it means
to gain the good will of one's fellows,
one's own townspeople, f the wretches
who know one in his workaday dress
and his everyday stress, which condi
tions defy illusion—has come to a fine
ernoons, when will be given "Hedda
Gabler" and "The Taming of the
Shrew." Large interest is being taken
in both events.
• * *
There will be minstrels at two thea
ters this week. "Black Patti" and her
troubadours come to the California to
night, and will be welcomed by all good
minstrel lovers.
■• * *
The Central's versatile company will
be seen for the first, last and only time
in an old-fashioned minstrel show this
week. They are looking forward to
much fun, and so is the Central's cli
entele.
• t * •
The long-postponed "Lost River," by
Joseph Arthur, will be put on at the
Alcazar this week, with its varied sen
sations. "Old Heidelberg," one of the
best things ever done at the Alcazar,
will be performed for the last time to
night.
• * •
This is also the last night of "King
Dodo" at the Tivoli. During the grand
, opera season "King Dodo" will be
taken upon the road, with the excep
tional advantage of Mr. Steindorff's
continued direction, the advent of the
Italian conductors releasing the Tivoli
leader from his usual duties to grand
opera. "Boccaccio" will also be pre
sented during the comic opera com
pany's tour.
» * *
The Orpheum this afternoon offers a
whole new bill, with the exception of
the four Bards, who will continue their
extraordinary athletics. W. M. Cressy
and Blanche Dayne, perennial favorites
here, headline the bill in Mr. Cressy's
latest sketch, "Town Hall To-Night."
Eleanor Falk, last seen here as Lady
Holyrood, in "Florodora," is among the
other entertainers and will be sure of a
warm welcome.
• * *
Vaudeville reigns again at the
Chutes Theater, and a pretty singing
turn by Ernest Wilson and Marie
Leicester, "L>ve Stories Told in Song,"
leads the bill.
• • •
The •divine Dodson," a female im
personator, is one of the leads in Fisch
er's interesting show.
• • •
Harry Mestayer is about to begin a
limited engagement with Belasco and
Mayer, and w ill appear with their stock
companies in special Ibsen matinees at
the Alcazar and the Belasco Theater,
Los Angeles. A matinee of "Ghosts"
will be given at the Alcazar on Thurs
day afternoon, January 19, with Lillian
development of his conceptions. His
technique perfects itself In his soul
development, as does every artist who
progresses. No man or woman can
progress from any other source. Each
may perfect certain developments of
rules or fundamentals of art, but, mark
me, it is he whose soul unfolds with his
work that makes real progress. And it
is he, and he alone, who may honestly
claim to woo success, because he reaches
the soul, or the understanding of his
fellowmen, and enlarges their views or
conceptions of life and its collaterals.
• • •
Miss Eyelyn Almond Wlthrow is a
Californienne of whom we may feel a
twinge of proverbial pride—and with
good cause. After many years of con
scientious study and soul insight, she
went twice abroad, methlnks thrice, the
last time for four years, during which
time she fraternised with the hierhest
exponents of art in Paris and Lon
don. And behold the result—a fine
technique, a fine comprehensiveness, a
finish. Miss Withrow's pictures—a few
of an amazing number —were on exhi
bition at the Century Club during the
week. All were copies of old masters,
and, while masterfully copied, I de
plored the lack of originality In the ex
hibit. Therefore do I present "The
Gypsy," a fascinating bit of Withrow
work—a little, unpretentious thing in
pastel, but original and full of charac
ter*
The success of "Leah Kleschna," C.
M. S. McLellan's powerful and strik
ingly original drama, presented by
Mrs. Fiske and the Manhattan com
pany at the Manhattan Theater, New'
York, is, according to all accounts, one
of the most remarkable features of
this and many seasons. The New York
press, which, for almost the first time
within memory, was enthusiastically
unanimous in its favorable treatment
of "Leah Kleschna," has continued its
attention almost daily to what is now
on all sides acknowledged to be one of
the most pronounced all around suc
cesses in that city in years. The pub
lic throngs the Manhattan Theater, de
lighted with the play and thrilled by
the acting of it. By common consent
no company so able and so admirably
balanced has been seen in New York in
year 3 and even the holiday season,
which usually finds the theaters poorly
attended, has shown capacity audiences
at the Manhattan.
"Few better plays," says the Herald,
"or plays better acted than 'Leah
Kleschna' have been seen in New York
in a long time." "Seldom, of late,"
says the Sun, "have we been blessed
with a better play and seldom, if ever,
has a play been acted by a more bril
liant constellation of artists. It is a
success of the first magnitude, popular
and artistic." "The interest in 'Leah
Kleschna," says the Globe, "is the in
terest of a dramatic narrative well
imagined by the playwright, well told
by the player. No summary, bold or
sympathetic, would do justice to the
tale as it unfolds itself, in the literal
sense of the words, on the stage of the
Manhattan." "That the play will prove
an immense success," says the Evening
Sun, "there can be no question. The
public is famishing for real plays and
here is one magnificently acted." And
thus the comment goes.
The Theater Magazine, which is now
in its fifth year of uninterrupted suc
cess, appears for January in an en
tirely new dress. The size of the pub
lication is considerably enlarged and
the colored portrait, instead of appear
ing in the usual frame, takes up the
entire front cover, thus making a more
striking picture. The interior of the
magazine likewise shows improvement,
if, indeed, improvement is possible in
a publication which is unique of its
kind. The pictures are larger and
more numerous and the literary con
tributions continue to be in every way
of the first order.
The most important feature of the
month is an article dealing with the
real personality of Henrik Ibsen. Ap
pearing at a time when the eyes of
the whole world are turned toward
Christiania—where Ibsen is supposed
to be critically ill—the article has a
peculiarly timely interest. It is written
by a close friend of the Ibsen family
and illustrated with a large and superb
portrait of the famous playwright.
Another article likely to attract at
tention is devoted to an account of the
Geisha girl of Japan, written by Yone
Noguchi, the Japanese poet. The least
understood of all the national Institu
tions of the Mikado's empire. Mr. No
guchi tells us how the Geisha is
trained, what her duties are, and what
ultimately becomes of her. The article
is illustrated with splendid pictures of
the famous Geisha girls of Tokio.
A. E. Lancaster contributes a grace
ful poem to the memory of the late
Mrs. Gilbert. The fifth paper on "Fa
mous Families of American Players" is
devoted to the Hacketts. The inter
view of the month is furnished by Da
vid Warfleld. There is likewise an en
tertaining interview with Madame Re
jane. The story of Mrs. Fiske's new
play, "Leah Kleschna," is told in a se
ries of fine flashlight pictures. Mr.
Hackett's new play, "The Fortunes of
the King," is similarly illustrated. The
other pictures include a full-page
portrait of Julia Marlowe as Juliet,
Nance O'Neil, Evie Greene as the
Duchess of Dantzic, Sir Charles Wynd
ham and Mary Moore in "Mrs. Gor
ringe's Necklace," Edward Terry, the
English comedian, who is now appear
ing in America, a full-page portrait of
Nat Goodwin, Robert Mantell, and
many other pictures of equal interest.
Next upon the list of operatic at
tractions, that this year are unusually
strong—to make up for last year—will
be the Htnry savage English Grand
Opera Company, that will come to the
Lawrence as Mrs. Alving and Mr. Mes
tayer as the degenerate son Oswald, a
character which he played in Mary
Shaw's Eastern production of Ibsen's
much discussed psychological study.
"Ghosts" has never been played in San
Francisco except for a single Sunday
night at the Columbia last season.
Miss Wlthrow presented the follow
ing copies at the Century Club, all of
which may be seen at, her studio at
2016 Pine street. And, fellow citizens,
they're well worth an afternoon's
study: "St. John and Lamb" (Murillo.
1613-1685), Spanish, National Gallery,
London; "Mrs. Sara Siddons" (Gains
borough, 1727-1788), English, National
Gallery. London; "St. Catherine" (Ra
phael, 1483-1520), Italian. National Gal
lery, London; "Portrait of Old Lady"
(Rembrandt, 1606-1674), Dutch. National
Gallery, London: "Heads of Angels"
(Reynolds, 1723-1792), English, National
Gallery, London; "The Parson's
Daughter" (Romney, 1734-1782). En*-
Hsh, National Gallery, London: "King
Charles Spaniels" (iAndseer, 1802-1873),
English. National Gallery, London;
"The Spinner" (Netscher, 1639-1684).
Dutch, National Gallery, London: "The
Music Lesson" (Netscher. 1639-1684).
Dutch, Alte Pinacothek, Munich; "St.
Jerome" (Domenichino, 1581-1641). Ital
ian, Alte Pinacothek, Munich.
• • •
Grace Hudson is showing some excel
lent work at Schussler's—one of the
honest art dealers, so say the artists,
and they're the chaps that ought to
know. There's something about Grace
Hudson's Indian children that makes
one feel their presence, and you in
stinctively feel the necessity of dig
ging up a dime for the "papoose,"
Columbia next month for a season of
three weeks. There will be a reper
toire of eight operas and the company
will be the best Mr. Savage has ever
offered.
• • •
The forthcoming music list is of
formidable proportions On February
7 comes Melba, with two concerts at
the Alhambra, The singer will be ac
companied by Gilibert, the French
tenor that we liked so much when h°
was here with Grau; Van Hoose, the
tenor. a!so conies, and Sassoli, a young
harpist of whom one hears extraor
dinary report. An orchestra of fifty
w ill accompany the diva.
Then there w ill be De Pachmann, the
Creatore Royal Italian band, Fritz
Kreisler, the Kneisel quartet, the Dol
metsches. the Metropolitan Grand
Opera Company, and still they come.
E. H. Sothern and Julia Marlowe
w ill include the "Merchant of Venice"
in their repertoire for next season.
* • •
John Drew has closed the most suc
cussful New York engagement he has
played in a number of seasons. His
production of the "Duke of Killi
crankie" had a run at the Empire of
over 100 performances.
SOCIAL BARRIER
BROKEN DOWN
Mrs. William Astor Has Issued. 1200
Invitations to Her Ball of
January 0.
Mrs. William Astor's ball will be the
private entertainment of its
sort ever given in New York, and 300
persons are experiencing the exquisite
bliss of receiving an Astor invitation
for the first time in the;r lives. The
barriers have been let down. Approx
imately 1200 invitations have been sent
out for January 9, 1905.
Mrs. Astor, who is making social his
tory, believes in the "open door," and
has no sympathy with those Knicker
bocker matrons who onject to new
comers. She raised the original "400"
to 550 and will again swell the list.
It is to emphasize her opinions that the
cherished invitations have been sent
far and wide, and women who had
longed for them in vain are at last
rewarded.
But there are many who assign an
other reason to Mrs. Asior's 1200 In
vitations. They say this is to be the
last of her famous annual balls. There
fore, so the wiseacres say, it is natural
thai the venerable leader of society
should want the greatest audience
present at her final dance. Judging,
however, by Mrs. Astor's regular at
tendance at the opera and her presence
at Mrs. Vanderbilt's and Mrs. Henry
B. Hyde's recent dances, Mrs. Astor
has no intention of retiring from so
ciety.
The twin mansions of Colonel John
Jacob Astor and Mrs. Astor. at Fifth
avenue and Sixty-fifth street, can ac
commodate 1000 dancers easily, and
there are two drawing-rooms which
make an ideal supplementary ballroom.
Mrs. Astor, or, rather, her secretary,
Miss Simcock, has not completed ar- .
rangements. Two orchestras will be
stationed in the two ballrooms and
there will be two distinct cotillons.
Each of these cotillons will be led by
two couples and eight persons will be
leaders. Mrs. Astor has not announced
to whom these honors will be extended.
Elisha Dyer Jr. and Harry Lehr will
be two of the men and Mrs. John Jacob
Astor and Mrs. M. Orme Wilson will
be two of the women. For the other
quartet the probable leaders are Mrs.
Cornelius Vanderbilt, who helped at
the last Astor cotillon, and Mrs. Pem
broke Jones, and Worthington White
house and Henry Rogers Winthrop
may be the men.—Exchange.
A few years ago the scientific sensa
tion was liquid air, as recently it has
• been radium. Liquid air was to turn
all our wheels, heat our houses in win
ter and cool them in summer—liquid
air was to destroy our garbage, an
esthetize ail our pain and usher in a
new era. It was soberly argued by
men who made claim to' scientific
knowledge that liquid air could be used
to run compressors to make more
liquid air and thus, with a thimbleful
at the start, a force could be created
strong enough to pry the earth from its
orbit. A sad commentary on these
high hopes Is an item to the effect that
Judgment of 5673 against the com
pany owning the patent has been re
turned unsatisfied. Liquid air is as
wonderful as it ever was, but wonder
fulness is not usefulness. Science also
has its toys.—New York Globe.
Elephants Delay Railway Work.
CAPE TOWN, Jan. 7.—Huge herds of
elephants are obstructing and delaying
the progress of the construction of the
Cape-to-Cairo Railroad.
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS
who's Invariably "heap hog-a-dia**—
Digger Indian for "awful hungry." Her
"Happy Family" is one of the best
things she has done, in composition,
color and draw ing. See it if you know
the Digger Indian.
• • •
Cadenasso is doing some marvelous
work on pastel, work that carries the
strength of oil with the delicacy of
water color. The marsh lands lure
him, with their evening drapes of
opalescent mist, with phantasies of
fairies enwrapped in the mystic shroud.
These are poems writ with a brush.
» • •
In the same gallery with the Hudson
pictures is a Keith, somber, silent, deep
in its beautiful gloom, yet promising in
the amber light that filters through the
trees. It Is Keith in his most serious
and thoughtful mood, in which. Were
he a disciple of a pen rather than of
the brush, he might give us a worthy
rival of "Gray's Elegy." Keith is
not joyous, but he is just, and we love
him for his sense of Justice and of
values. It is Welch who gives us joy,
Hansen who gives us history and
Peters who gives us reveries. And they
are not alone in their lavish bequests,
for their fellows are "many. And thus
has the California artist come unto his
own—and that in spite of the vigilant
native knocker— may the Devil ensnare
him]
Another Toy of Science.
1920
Ht this Juice tire ffr.iwth of God, who dare
lllaspheme the twisted tendril as a snare?
A blessing, we should use It. should we not?
And If a curse, why, then, who set it there?
Many a maid, through the chill nights
of the waning winter, hath called to
mind the lines of the Persian poet. For
know ye all that the tabbies have ele
vated a forbidding paw at the poor
little debutantes and solemnly warned
them that the sparkling wine is not
for them, nor yet for the buds of yes
teryear, but for the men—the men and
themselves, the chaperons. And the
poor little maids sit all a-shiver during
the long hours of a dull dinner or sup
per after the ball. Now, that's mani
festly unfair —when t,he weather's cold,
the dinner dull or tKe supper slow, as
they ofttime? are. at eminently "smart"
affairs. Why, pray, should not a maid
have a glass or two of wine, should
she desire it, provided she is properly
chaperoned? To be sure, the most
radical social reformer wouldn't advo
cate the indiscriminate imbibing by
youthful lips, but under proper chap
eronage and at desirable times it passes
me to know why the tabbies say "nay"
when the cold bottle comes around —
and the frightened little bud turns
down her glass in external obedience,
but internal rebellion at what she
knows is a sham and a matter of rank
injustice, for she knows full well that
at home she takes just what she
pleases in the line of beverages, with
the full knowledge and consent of her
mother.
Besides, as a member of the Assem
bly or the Friday Night Club, she pays
her pro rata for the wine and the men
and the chaperons drink it. Now, that's
where she rebels, and do you blame
her? N«t I. Besides, this compulsory
turning down of glasses by the de
butantes—whether they wish to or no—
is placing a premium upon deception.
For it wouldn't take a Sherlock Holmes
to find a group of maids at a ball, chill
and weary, wandering to the dressing
rooms in the tow of their chaperons,
for a highball or something warmer.
Just why this prudish, stupid blue-law
Of down turned glasses has been pro
mulgated this winter is not clear—
for it is not of record, verbal or written,
that the maids ever were o'erfond of
the flowing goblet. Chaperons, unbend!
If the girls desire a glass of wine at
supper, let them have it and don't look
at them as if they had robbed a hen
roost. That which is done openly and
frankly is not a demoralizing agent,
but beware of the surreptitious act —
that degrades.
• • •
A cheery new year is with us. a year
that opens with good fun and little'
formality. The following is a brief
roster of the smart affairs of the week:
MONDAY.
Mrs. Schroeder and her debutante
daughter, Miss Eugenic Hawes, "at
home" at the Pleasanton.
Mrs. Ynez Shorb White and Miss
Ethel White, hostesses at an "eggnog"
party.
Wedding of Miss May Colman and
Henry U. Brandenstein.
Sorosis Club, reception in honor of
Mrs. Bender de Wolf.
Mrs. William H. Smith, "at home" in
the delightful fashion of the old davb.
during which time the following guests
called: Miss Florence Cole. Frank
Goad, Miss Jane Wilshlre, Mr. and Mrs.
Emile Brugulere, Miss Laura Bates.
Miss Gertrude Bates, Mrs. Barry Bald
win Jr., Miss' Belle Smith, Miss Helen
Wagner, Thomas Eastland, Edward M.
Greenway, Enrique Grau. Porter Gar
nett. Miss Pearl Landers. Mr. and Mrs.
Jack Spreckels, Miss Helen de Young.
Sally
Sharp
Miss Constance de Young, Charles de
Young. Miss Grace Spreckeis, Miss Lrillie
Spreckels and Miss Elizabeth Cole, f
Wedding of Miss Minna Salts and
Lieutenant Abraham U. Loeb at Cen
tury Hall.
TUESDAY.
Mrs. Redmond Payne, hostess at
luncheon in honor of Miss Irene Sabin.
her winsome debutante sister. Among
the guests were: Mrs. John L Sabin.
Miss Pearl Sabin, Miss Marie Wells.
Miss Georgle Spieker, Miss Alice Rorel,
Miss Sophie Borel, Miss Maud Payne.
Miss Eugenic Hawes, Miss Jessie Me-
Nab. Miss Mayllta Pease. Miss Elsie
Clifford, Miss Louise Nowland. Miss
Elsa Draper, Miss Jeanette Hooper,
Miss Scott, Miss Belknap, Miss Bea
trice Fife. Miss Bray, Miss Mary Mar
riner. Miss Anna Foster, Miss Mary
Foster and Miss Maye Colburn.
Mrs. J. R. K. Nuttall, hostess at din
ner.
Sequoia Club, "at home" at its new
quarters at the Palace.
Dance at Fort MacDowell. Angel
Island, the Thirteenth Regiment the
hosts.
WEDNESDAY.
Mrs. William G. Irwin, hostess at a
debutante dance, the guests of special
honor being Miss Charlotte Wilson,
Miss Margaret Hyde-Smith and Miss
Anita Harvey. The following is the
guest list: Miss Charlotte Wilson, Miss
Margaret Hyde-Smith. Miss Anita Har
vey. Miss Maisie Langhorne, Misa
Gertrude Jolliffe, Miss Dorothy Eells,
Miss Natalie Coffee, Miss Alys Sulli
van. Miss Elsie Tallant, Miss Genevieve
King, Miss Marie Louise Parrott, Miss
Eliza Kline, Miss Marjorie Josseiyn,
Miss Edith Berry, Miss Lillie Spreck
els. Miss Carol Moore, Miss Ethel
Hager, Miss Josephine Loughborough,
Miss Hazel King, Miss Helen Chese
brough, Miss Florence Whittell, Miss
Florence Howard. Miss Isabel Kittle,
Miss Frances Allen, Mrs. R. Allen, Dv
Val Moore, Knox Maddox, Russell
Kline, Mr. Claude, John Kittle, Frank
King, Covington Pringle, Harry Simp
kins. Mr. Tucker, Beverley Tucker. Mr.
McKinstry, Truxfon Morris, Robert
Eyre, Will Collier, Page Collier, Doug
las Mac Arthur, Arthur Foster, Mr.
Rolerson, Mr. Hamilton, Ternpleton
Crocker and party, George Cadwalader,
J. O. Tobin, Edward M. Greenway,
Aimer Newhall, Lieutenant Sypher,
Robert Schilling, Percy King, Prescott
Scott, Mason Terry, Lloyd Baldwin,
Raymond Armsby and Mr. Howard.
Mrs. Walter Martin, hostess at bridge
in honor of Mrs. Reginald Brook of
London.
Miss Laura Taylor, entertaining at
luncheon in honor of Miss Paula Wolff.
Wedding of Miss lone Pennington
and Chester G.,Chipchase.
THURSDAY.
Edward M. Greenway, host to the
Gaiety Club at a dance at the Palace,
with Mrs. Russell Wilson, Mrs. Mayo
N»whall and Mrs. John Parrott re
cti ving. The following maids are
Gaiety members: Miss Elizabeth Al
len. Mrs. Frances Allen, Miss Maud
r.ourn. Miss Olga Atherton, Misses
Linda Cadwallader. Miss Helen Chese
brough, Miss Newell Drown. Miss Dor
othy Eells, Miss Frances Howard, Miss
Genevieve King, Miss Carolan, Miss
Gertrude Josseiyn, Miss Cora Smed
begg, Miss Emily Wilson, Miss Natalie
Coffin, Miss Abby Parrott, Miss Jose
phine de Guigne, Miss Anita Harvey,
Miss Lutie Collier. Miss Christine Pom
etroy, Miss Lucy Gwin Coleman, Miss
Margaret Newhall, Miss' Elizabeth Liv
efmone, Miss Elsie Tallant and Miss
Isabelle Kittle.
Mis*> Jennie Blair entertaining at
bridge in honor of Mrs. A. P. Hota
ling Jr.
tttas Jeanette Hooper, hostess at
luncheon at her home at Clay and La
cuna streets. The following ladies were
entertained: Miss Florence Starr, Mrs.
McKee, Mrs. Wiggington Creed, Mrs.
A. A. M'>ore Jr., Miss Kelsey Patter-
Son, Miss Gertrude Palmer, Mrs. Sum
ner Crosby, Mr.s. .Henry Oscar Beatty.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY 8, 1905.
Mrs. William I.indsley Spencer, Miss
Pearl Sabin, Miss Irene Sabin, Miss
Harvey Anthony and Mrs. Walter
Starr.
Mrs. Marian Randolph Higgins, en
tertaining at dinner in honor of Jehn
P. Babcock of Victoria, B. C.
Mrs. David Erskine Allison and Miss
McMiiian. hostesses at luncheon in
honor of Mrs. Sidney Catlin Partridge,
who leaves next week for the isle of
cherry blossoms.
FRIDAY.
Mi. and Mrs. Theodore Payne, In
formal dar.ee af their home.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, "at home" in
formally, but, as usual, merrily.
The Misses Pearl and Irene Sabin,
hostesses at a jolly dance.
Mrs. Julius C. Reis, card party.
Mrs. Freeman and Miss Maude
Payne, "at home."
SATFRDA Y.
Miss < "hriatine Pomeroy, hostess at
dinner. * - *
Commonwealth Club, dinner at the
Palace
Mrs.-Austin Coolidge, a "tea" in
honor of Miss Elsa Draper.
Mrs. Ed yard Xavier Rolker, hostess
at a "tea." " ' *
A cheery forecast 'twlxt now and
the dull, gray days of Lent, with loads
of nuptials—which are always good
fun, save for the participants. On
Wednesday bonny Loleta McConnell
will wed Robert Stockdale Grayrtgge
in Grace Church. Behind the nuptials
of this pair of happy children lies a
pretty love tale, which will have its
denouement under the ancestral oaks
of the Grayrigge home In England.
« * •
One of the fairest of the young
matrons who are entertaining in a
quiet way this winter is Mrs. Bernard
Breeden, whose days "at home" are
famously interesting. As Miss Sullivan
Mrs. Breeden was proclaimed a stun
ning maid.
mem
Among the interesting young women
who frequent the Sequoia Club, the
rendezvous of interesting men and
women, is Miss Kathleen Keating, a
clever girl on her own account and
much resembling in person and per
sonality her delightful cousin, Neely
O'Sullivan —or Denis, as the stage
knows him. J
* • •
The engagement of Miss Cornelia
Dean Gordon and Isaac Upham Jr. is
one of the approved affairs of the sea
son. He is a good-looking chap, with
money and a balance wheel to go with
it. The Uphama are an old family on
the coast and are well known in Oak
land and San Francisco. The former
city was their home for many years,
the beautiful place at Jackson and
Thirteenth streets still being desig
nated as the "Upham place," although
it has been out of their hands for a
number of years. Anent the Upham
fondness for the eastern side of the
bay and in view of the coming nup
tials, Upham pere will dower the young
people with a handsome home in
Piedmont. This Is the choice location
for suburban homes, and there is a set-
tlement of riches and Intellect, a
charming allurement, together with
the fascination ottered by" superiority
CHARMING MATRON AND AN IN
TERESTING YOI N'G WOMAN OF
THE SMART SET.
of view and climate. So the Isaac Up
hams Jr. are forecast for prosperity
many sided.
* * •
New touring cars are arriving f in
town with the return of their owners.
Mr. and Mrs. George H. Lent have
brought one from the East, and Mr.
and Mrs. Magee are also proud posses
sors. Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Buckbee
are still absent. New York holding
them in its thrall, but their arrival in
town will be accompanied by the latest
improved model of a gasoline
brougham.
• *• *
Dr. Gibbons, with his three charming
daughters. Miss Ida, Miss Florence and
Miss Margery Gibbons, are enjoying
their beautiful new home at Belmont.
But the' host and hostesses are also
dispensing hospitality in the most de
lightful fashion, so that there are
many being made happy through the
acquirement of this ideal place.
* * •
The J. J. Spiekers. with Miss Georgie
Spieker and Miss Mary Craig of Wood
land, leave for their trip abroad within
a week or two. They go to New York
by way of New Orleans.
* •
Mr. and Mrs. Howard Blanchard
Chase are also contemplating the trip
to Europe and will shortly leave.
• • •
The wedding of Miss Alice Bacon and
Thomas Driscoll Is not to suffer a post
ponement. The accident to Mr. Driscoll
was not so serious after all, and the
prettily arranged* marriage service
will take place in old Santa Barbara
Mission on January I*.
» » •
Mr. and Mrs. Francis J. Carolan of
Burlingame are entertaining Mr. and
Mrs. Paul Clagstone. The polo games
have been a great attraction at this
countryside during the past week and
Mr. Clagstone has his own string of
ponies, so that there was much oppor
tunity for him to enjoy the full force
of the races. In February Mr. and Mrs.
Clagstone will return to Southern Cali
fornia for a while.
• • *
Mr. and Mrs. Pinckard will leave this
week for their foreign tour, covering
all the important points of the globe,
with extensive sightseeing through
Europe. With them goes { a fair maid
whom society will miss—Miss Helen
Cheaebrough. In anticipation of her
departure there have been many events
of late for the young traveler, and now,
at the last moment, several affairs are
being pressed upon Miss ("hesebrough,
though she is obliged to decline, owing
to the necessary demands made upon
her time for preparation. Miss Newell
Drown was to be hostess at a dance
for Miss Chesebrough, but that will be
deferred, although Miss Drown may
entertain later.
• • *
Mr. and Mrs. Stewart Edward White
of Santa Barbara are in San Francisco
for a short stay.
•* • *
Mrs. Henry Foster Dutton will leave
in February for a visit to her sister,
Mrs. Harry MacFarlane, in Honolulu.
Mrs. Dutton thinks of transporting her
automobile at the same time, so the
trip will be one of delightful jaunts and
sightseeing.
• * *
The return of Mrs. Brigham with her
two daughters. Miss Alice Brigham and
Miss Kat» Brigham. is causing much
pleasure. For over t year they have
made their residence in Bostdh, where
the two young ladies have devoted
much time to the study of music and
other art pursuits. Their home in this
city is one of the favorites, where hos
pitality is warmly extended.
» * »
After the production of "The Liars,"
which is soon- to take place for the
benefit of the naval clubhouse at Val
lejo, Mrs. Mark Gerstle will leave for a
trip abroad.
Mr. and Mrs. A. N. Foster chaperoned
Miss Mary Middleton, Miss Mary Fos
ter, Miss Anna Foster and Aimer New
hall for a New Year's visit to Del
Monte, where they passed a delightful
time.
After several days' delightful visit
in San Francisco Mr. and Mrs. Gay
Lombard and Mr. and Mrs. James R.
McCracken left for Pasadena to attend
the flower show.
» • •
General and Mrs. Austin Coolidge are
entertaining Miss Kittie Johnson of
Vancouver barracks. The fair guest Is
being made the motif for several af
fairs.
• • •
The John Lawson home at Burlin
game is one particularly attractive for
the entertaining of guests, combining
as it does comfort with the air and sur
rounding of art. A few visitors who
spent their New Year at this pretty
country place were Miss Ethel Dean,
the guest of honor; Miss Virginia Jol
liffe, Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Murphy.
» • •
W. A. Clark Jr. of Montana is at
San Mateo, the guest of his brother,
Charles Clark.
• • •
Several of our society set spent the
week or part of it at Del Monte. Among
those who ushered, in ths New Year In
that ideal spot were Mrs. Reginald
Brooke and Mr. and Mrs. J. Downey
Harvey.
The John F. Merrills expect to leave
soon for a trip to Europe, where they
will remain for some months.
• * *
Mrs. John Tallant and Miss Elsie
Tallant are living temporarily on Fil
bert street until their new home on
Green street is completed.
• * *
Mr. and Mrs. Covington Johnson are
in the south of France for the winter,
although their travel has been exten
sive since they left here after their
marriage. As Caroline Rixford, the ar
tist, Mrs. Johnson was well known, and
she is now doing some excellent work.
• * *
General Corbin's staff will soon be
augmented by the presence of a wel
come and popular young aid, Captain
Perm. He was attached to the Seventh
Infantry during its station in San
FranciEco and has many friends to
hail his return with gladness.
• » *
Mr. and Mrs. William Ingraham Kip
are at home again after a trip in South
ern California. Mrs. Kip has been away
for some time visiting her daughter in
the East, and Mr. Kip went south to
meet her. They are at the Richelieu.
• • •
Mrs. Ric hard M. Cutta of Mare Isl
and Navy Yard is entertaining Miss
Mabel Hawke. who is the daughter of
Medical Director Hawke, U. S. N., re
tired.
• • •
Miss Grace Spreckels is in Santa Bar
bara, where she will remain for an
other fortnight.
• * •
Charles H. de Young, who has been
spending the holidays in town with his
parents, will soon return to Yale to
complete his course of study.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Gibson are at the
Palace from Shanghai, China.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Magee are at
home again after a four months' trip
through the East.
• • *
Lieutenant Jones of the Ohio and
Mrs. Jones are entertaining the parents
of Mrs. Jones, Rear Admiral and Mrs.
B. J. Cromwell, who will remain in San
Fcancisco for an indefinite period.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Wood are in
town, at the Sequoia, after an absence
of great length. Their time has been
spent in touring the world; their expe
riences through India, Egypt, the
Orient and Europe are full of color and
rare interest. The friends of Mr. and
Mrs. Wood are enjoying their return
and are deriving much pleasure from
the account of travel.
T • • •
Mr. and Mrs. Morton Mitchell, who
have recently arrived from Paris, will
be at the St. Francis for several
months.
• * »
Mr. and Mrs. George Riddell have re
turned from their visit to Honolulu,
where they remained for some- weeks
and both speak of having greatly en
joyed the trip.
• • •
Mrs. Richard Bayne will hold recep
tions on Wednesdays, January 18 and
25. Several of our society matrons and
maids will be in Mrs. Bayne's receiving
party.
• * «
Miss Katherine Glass is visiting at
Mare Island and will soon take a trip
to Southern California.
• • •
Mrs. Samuel G. Murphy will be at the
St. Francis for the winter. Her daugh
ter, Mrs. Breckinridge, is still in Paris,
where she is in the midst of a circle
of Callfornians.
• • |
Mrs. Seymour Locke, who has been
in town from the South for some time,
has gone to SaerameJito for a visit and
will soon return to Her own home.
• • •
Captain and Mrs. Haldimand Putnam
Young are journeying leisurely toward
their new home in Philadelphia. En
route, Chicago and Cincinnati will be
visited and much entertainment is in
store for these charming people, who
are widely related throughout the
Eastern cities.
ENGLAND'S PRINCES MUST
LEARN TO BE MIDSHIPMEN
Royal Heirs of Europe Compelled to
Work and Follow Careers Like
Other People.
LONDON. Jan. 7.—Prince Edward
of Wales, commonly called Prince Da
vid, who one day may be Kins; of Eng
land, and Prince Albert of Wales have
been taken to Osborne, Isle of Wight,
in order that they may commence
their public career. The little Princes
are to begin as did their father, with
the navy. They will be gazetted mid
shipmen, and at Osborne will learn all
the "ropes" possible before joining a
man-of-war.
Royalties nowadays do not allow
their children to remain idle, and of all
royal families none is more strenu
ously brought up than the German
Emperor's. Each of his six sons has
had to work hard and to learn to fol
low gome career, just as if they were
nobodies. The sailor of the family is
Prince Adelbert. who is just 20. He
was a sub-lieutenant at 6 years old, and
has spent his life learning to be a
sailor. He is now lieutenant on the
Hertha and traveling far away in the
East. He is now at Bangkok paying a
visit to the King of Siam.
Prince Adelbert is a very great ad
mirer of his sailor uncle, Prince Henry
of Prussia, and he is fond of telling a
certain story which illustrates that
brave seaman's pluck. Prince Henry
was in command of the Olga whan the
vessel was in the North Bea He or
dered his men to bathe, and they did
not relish a bath in the cold waters on
a particularly cold day. So an officer
was sent to remonstrate with Princs
Henry, who immediately and without
a word sprang from the bridge into the
sea and swam about for a few minutes.
Then he clambered back, all dripping
in his uniform, and said, "Is it still
too cold?" Every one took a bath after
that.
Monaco's Strides Forward.
MONTE CARLO, Jan. 7.—Statistics
just published showing the develop
ment of the principality of Monaco
within the last thirty years are most
interesting. In 1873 the population was
3443. Last year it had increased to
15,543. The visitors' list Is even more
astonishing. Twenty-five years ago It
did not number 200,000. Last year it
was considerably over 1,000,000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The face value of
Face Powder D'Or
lan is known to
women who desire
to have fair skins.
Fact Powder D'Orlan, being 200
fine, Is an exquisite preparation
which cannot be detected by the
closest observer. It It Impos
sible to understand what a de
lightful balm D'Orlan Face Powder
Is till you have given It atrial.
Free demonstrations may be had
on first landing at Emporium or at
408 Starr King Building, 121 Geary
street, from which piace a demon -
(strator will be sent (at no expense
11 or obligation to buy) to the home
// of any lady desiring to try this j
J) powder or any of D'Orlan prepa- \V
D'ORLAN CIB, Y\
San Francisco. JJTHE WHITE HOUSE
Important Announcement!
First Annuai Sale
...0F...
Housekeeping
Linens....
Commences Monday, January 9th
Positive Reductions
... FROM ...
Regular Prices
Miles on Governor's Staff.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.—The War
Department to-day assigned Lieuten
ant General Nelson A. Miles. U. S. A..
retired, as a member of the staff of
Governor Douglass of Massachusetts.
A CORDIAL
INVITATION
Is extended to all LADIES who
have been deceived by worthless
FACE PREPARATIONS and al
leged Complexion Beautificrs to
call at my parlors this week. Ladies
who have never investigated the
merits of my preparations arc
■ especially welcome. Ladies will
find that I know more about the
art of pre -vinjf and beautifying
the complexion than any other per
son in the profession: tha.t mv
preparations arc scientifically pre
pared: that the ingredients are ab
solutely pure—the very best money
can buy; that I GUARANTEE
EVERY ARTICLE I SELL.
MASSAGE
$5 WORTH OF TREATMENT
Free! Free! Free!
THIS WEEK IN
MASSAGE
Its importance and proper move
ment.
To make flabby cheeks linn.
To make thin necks plump.
To firm, fill and build up
The entire face.
To each purchaser nil this
Will be taught FREE.
j j Pimples,
Hte) Blackheads,
■f* Wrinkles,
Jf Freckles,
Warts and
Moles
&*i ZjSai Moth Patches,
1 1 Coarse l ores
Positively Cured and Removed
SUPERFLUOUS
II ■ | ft That 'reatest of all dis-
U 11 I If nrur entente of a wo-
II H I II man's face, permanently
■ 111 I II removed. In the only
successful way — with
the ELECTRIC NEEDLE, as operated
by Mrs. Harrison.
TRIAL JAR. Ladies sending
this ad. and toe will receive a iar
of LOLA MONTEZ CREME. a
box of I-ace Powder and a book
of instruction-.
Mrs. Nettie Harrison,
DERMATOLOGIST.
140 Geary St., San Francisco
if V Pmrmct Fittin* l/i y
pi Eyeglasses
f i Moderate Cast {\
v 642 'Market St
DDTTCIirC FOR BARBERS. BAK-
Ijft U EiLJ er«. bootblacks, bath
"HUUIiLiW houses, billiurd tabifs.
brewers, bookbinders candy makers, canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Mannfactnrers. 60S Sacramento St.
DIRECTORY
\ OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
LEAKY ROOFS AND SKYLIGHTS.
All kinds repaired. Globe sheet Metal Works,
1176-1178 Mission at. Phone Main 5461.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD A ELLIS,
418 Front at. «. F. Phone Main 171».
E. C BtfiHE^ s r.
WANT CUSTODY
OF INFANT HE
Stepmother and Friend Ask
for Guardianship Over
the Son of Butler Smith
'
Conflicting applications will be heard
on Monday in two departments of the
Superior Court for the guardianship of
a two-year-old orphan with a fortune
of $30,000. and the contest promises to
be an interesting one. The object of the
proceedings is Randolph Wilson Smith.
i the infant son of Butler Smith, the real
estate dealer, who died January 2. One
of the applicants is Emily May Smith,
stepmother of the little boy, who mar
ried Smith a month before his death
and was his third wife. The other pe
titioner is Mrs. M. Findlay, who was
living in the Smith family when the
< boy was born and who had the care of
him until the father took another wife.
The child's mother. Ella Roberta
Smith, died about.a year and a half
ago. leaving a fortune of $100,000 in
trust for the benefit of her husband,
besides an annuity of $125 a month for
her mother. With Smith's death the
e*tate reverts to the testatrix's mother,
the boy and his sister. Roberta Gene
vieve Smith. 13 years old, who is living
with the stepmother. The third Mrs.
Smith's applicatibn is for the custody
of both children. She is represented by
Burrell G. "White and her case will be j
heard by Judge Murasky. Mrs. Find- '
lay is represented by Attorney L. A. i
Gibbons.
Smith had two other children by his |
first wife and they are !ivin.s: in the ]
East. The stepmother occupies the
family home at 701 Broderick street.
. m .
BYRON HOT SPRINGS.
Round Trip Tickets sold Fridays and
Saturday"..
Friday to Sund;.y and Saturday to Monday
ticket* to Ryron Hot Spring* will be sold by
Southern PR'-itV nieent!. on Fridays and Sat -
urriays feT $7.80, T!iis InetOdea railway farr
both ways, carrlaee rlrivo fr< m H>ron station,
tare .iav«' l>«ard am! lodging at Byron Hot
Springs Hote! and frop use of the wonderful
mitiTal waters. Ask Southern Pacific agents.*
Ashby's Injuries Fatal.
E. Ashby, a ship joiner, died at the
Homeopathic Hospital yesterday of
injuries received on December 31
while boarding a ship at .Mission pier
No. 2. On that occasion his right
foot was crushed between the gang
plank and the vessel. Ashby was a
native of England, aged 50 years.
Now is the time to buy if you want to take
dvantage of the big reductions in prices in every \
' department of our immense store., We marked
soods down 20% last week, and we will continue
the sale until the end of this week. Do you want
a cook stove or heater? We have the be=t manu
i factured and guarantee each of them. Dd your
floors need covering? Our Carpets, Rugs, Lin
| oleums, etc., are all in bright, snappy patterns, and
from the best mills in the world. We sell at low
prices, because we pay no rent.
TME OLDEST AtlD MOST RELIABLE FURNITURE HOUSE ZV*
1017-1023 MISSION ST/IBOVfStXTtf. »
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY. JANUARY 8, 1905.
FAIR SWINDLER
SHOWS EMOTION
Mrs. Dorothy Booked
on Charger of Obtaining
Money by False Pretense j
EYES FILL WITH TEARS
Her Attorney Fails So Far
in Getting Into Communi
cation With Her Husband
Mrs. Dorothy McCabe showed the
first signs of emotion yesterday since
her incarceration on Thursday. She
bore the ordeal without flinching of
having her photograph taken for the
rogues' gailery, but when she was
booked at the City Prison later on two
charges of obtaining money by false
pretenses she began to realize the
gravity of her position and tears welled
into her eyee.
Promises had been made that the
worthless checks passed by the fair
defendant would be taken up, but as
there was no appearance of the coin
yesterday morning R. J. Campbell of
the Emporium and E. G. Davis of
Weinstock, Lubin & Co., called at the
Bond and Warrant Clerk's office and
each swore to a complaint before Po
lice Judge Mogan charging Mrs. Mc-
Cabe with a misdemeanor of obtaining
money by false pretenses.
At the Emporium she presented a
check for $50 and asked to have it
cashed, as she desired to make a few
purchases. The cashier remarked that
it was unusual to do so and besides he
did not know her. "Why," she replied.
"Mr. Martin, the manager, has often
cashed checks for me. I am surprised."
The cashier did not like to offend a
lady friend of the manager and hand
ed her the $50. When he spoke to the
manager about it the manager said he
had never heard of the woman. At
Weinstock, Lubin & Co.'s she purchased
goods and got the difference between
the amount and the $50 check in cash.
The Arm of R. D. Davis & Co. has not
yet taken action, but Detectives Dinan
and Wren say that a warrant will be
sworn to by a member of the firm to
morrow morning. It will be a felony,
as the amount is $75.
When Mrs. McCabe was booked on
the two charges she said her name
was Mrs. Percy J. McCabe. When
asked her Christian name she replied,
"Dorothy." She gave her age as 20 and
her birthplace as Baltimore, Md. She
said she was a married woman. She
left the booking desk with her hand
kerchief pressed against her eyes.
Attorney Farrar, who is looking after
her interests, called to see her several
times at the prisc-n yesterday. He'said
he had been trying to get into com
munication with her husband, who is
a mining man in Southern California,
but had so far failed. As soon as he
did so he felt sure the necessary funds
would be forthcoming to take up all
the checks. He said that all her credi
tors nad promised to give her time ex
cept the Emporium and Weinstock Lu
bin & Co.
IX WOMAN'S BREAST
A IjUMP IS CANCER
Dr. S. R. Chamley, the noted cancer
specialist, has been in Los Angeles a
few days, where he delivered a series of
lectures on cancer of the lip, face and
female breast. He declares that any
lump in a woman's breast is cancer. Dr.
Chamley is the general manager of the
Chamley Cancer Institute (Inc.) of 2t>
Third street, this city, and will return
Monday. January S. He publishes the
best book ever printed on "Gancers and
Tumors Cured Without Knife or Pain."
It is mailed free. • |
CTRRY, WHO KILLED WIFE.
WILL PLEAD INSANITY
A plea of insanity will be set up for
the defense at the trial of George
Curry, charged with the murder of
his wife. Daisy, at .35 Turk Street on
July 4. They had been married only
two months when she left him to live
with a barber. Curry, who was a
street car conductor, called at her
room and on her refusal to return to
him shot and killed her. When ar
rested he calmly admitted having
committed the deed, saying he was
provoked because his wife vigorously
shipped his face.
Yesterday Attorney Frank J. Mur
phy appeared before Judge Dunne
and asked that a commission be ap
pointed by the court to take the testi
mony of the defendant's mother and
other witnesses living at Hazelhurst,
Ga. It was alleged they would prove
that from his childhood the de
fendant had shown symptoms of in
sanity. The Judge granted the re
quest and continued the case for four
weeks.
RUINS HERSELF
FOR RELATIVES
Senora de Barnethe Sells
Her Home to Help Her Sick
! Mother and Poor Aunt
SHE BECOMES A PAUPER
Goes Back to Mexico to Be
Cared For by Her More
Fortunate Belatives There
Deporting a woman for the sake of
charity is a new procedure in the work !
of the United States Immigrant Bu- 1
reau, but t was done yesterday in the
case of Senora Christina Quintlnilla de |
Barnethe, a Mexican fifty years old. j
She had a good home in Mazatlan, but
gave it up to assist her old mother i
and her aunt. Senora de Barnethe s i
husband died fifteen years ago and left 1
her a nice little home in Mexico. A j
year ago last February her mother j
wrote to her from this city that she
and her sister were sick and in dire I
distress and* without food or proper [
clothing. Out of pure goodness of heart
the woman sold her home in Ma- j
zatlan and hurried here to the relief of j
her relatives. The three lived in one !
room at 1318 Dupont street, and Chris- j
tina supported them and hersetf by '
needlework. Soon all the money was ]
gone and the three were in sore straits.
Finally they were obliged to appeal to j
charity and tell their saa story to the !
public.
The Spanish Benevolent Society has
offered to take charge c-f the two older I
women, and Senora de Barnethe is ]
willing to go back to Mazatlan, where j
she has a sister who is able and will- j
mg to take care of her. But she has no
money to pay for her transportation, !
and in this emergency United States j
Immigrant Commissioner Hart H. j
North was asked to order her deported
to Mazatlan on the ground that she j
has become a public charge. The own
ers of the steamship Curacao have ex- j
pressed a willingness to take her back j
to Mexico, and she will start for home I
on the next trip of the Curacao.
PAYORS SELECT TOPICS
FOR THEIR DISCOURSES ;
Clergymen of Different Denominations
Will Preach on Subject* of
Vital Interest.
Rev. F. A. Keast. pastor of the Ep
worth Methodist Episcopal Church,
will preach this morning on "The Call
to Duty, or Consecrated Christian Ser
vice." In the evening he will speak
on "Christ on the Doorstep."
'"the Character of the True
Church" will the morning subject
of Rev. A. C. Bane of the Howard
street Methodist Episcopal Church.
In the evening he will preach on the
topic, "Making and Paying Vows."
At the Simpson Memorial Methodist
Church this morning Rev. J. H. X.
Williams, the pastor, will preach on
"The Kingshin of Jesus." His even
ing subject is "Christ's Conception of
Man."
"The Mysteries of Heaven Re
vealed" and Does God Shake the
Earth?" are the morning and evening
topics of Rev. F. M. Larkin, pastor of
Grace Methodist Episcopal Church.
This morning W. P. Stanley of the
Hamilton Methodist Episcopal Church
will preach on "Good Literature:
What Shall We Read?" His evening!
topic is "Some Important Questions J
Concerning Sin."
Before a mass meeting of young,
men at the Y. M. C. A. auditorium j
this afternoon Joseph Koshaba will I
deliver an address.
Rev. E. Nelander of the Evangelical j
Lutheran Church will deliver a ser- i
mon this evening in the art gallery of *
the Mechanics' Pavilion. A select
programme of sacred music will be !
given.
The sermon at the 10:30 o'clock
mass this morning in St. Ignatius
Church will be preached by the Rev. ]
John Fortran. Rev. John Sardi will
preach the evening sermon.
MILLER SENTENCED TO LIFE
IMPRISONMENT FOR ROBBERY
John Blgley. Who Pleaded Guilty to
Burglary. Will Serve Three
Years in San Quentln. *
George Miller, who pleaded guilty
in Judge Lawior's court on Friday,
to a charge of robbery was sen
tenced yesterday to life imprison-
Stent in Folsom penitentiary. Miller [
had served five previous terms for !
burglary and robbery. On the night of i
November 20 he held up Richard C. !
Malone of 3000 Webster street at !
Fillmore and Filbert streets and re- '
lieved him of $78 45. He was caught
in the act by Policeman John S.
O'Neil, who. in plain clothes, was tak
ing a walk with his son. Miller at '
once opened nre on O'Neil and ran.
O'Neil returned the fire and shot Mil
tar in the right arm. Miller dropped
his revolver and fell and his capture
was easy.
John Bigley, alias Henry Stahlmann.
who pleaded guilty to a charge of
burglary in Judge Dunne's court, was i
sentenced yesterday to serve three !
years in San Quentin. He broke into j
the residence of W. D. O'Kane, 2001
Broadway, on August 31 and stole
jewelry and other articles.
Suspect Lodged In Prison.
John Zimmerman, alias Fred Zim
merman, alias Fred Moore, was ar- !
rested yesterday by Detectives Bell
and Braig and locked up at the City
Prison pending developments. He is
suspected of being implicated in the
recent hold-ups in this city and Oak
land. When arrested he had in his
possession 200 cigars, which the po
lice believe he had stolen. On March
8, 1897, Zimmerman was sentenced
to serve six months for petty larceny
reduced from grand larceny. August
26, 1898, he was sentenced to serve
five years in Folsom pentitentiary for j
burglary and on July 25. 1903, he was j
sentenced to serve six months in jail \
for having burglar's tools in his pos- !
session.
Baker Left No Will.
Edward H. Kittredge yesterday peti
tioned for letters of administration
upon the estate of Edmund Baker,
which consists of money, stocks and
bonds, valued at more than $10,000.
Baker died November 12 last at Og
den while traveling East from this city.
He left a wife here and a brother
und three sisters in New Jersey. No
will has been found.
Thief Is Sent to Whlttler.
Alexander Hammond, 17 years of
age, who pleaded guilty in Judge
Dunne's court to a charge of grand
larceny, Was sent to the Whlttier re
formatory yesterday until he attains
his majority, sentence being post
poned. He stole $200 from Mrs. C. H.
Halvorson, 816 McAllister street, on
November 19.
NEWMAT 7 & LETINSON.
nrnA ¥ - T THE DUST KILLER. —We have been appointed agents for California f|rt|||\f |Vf
rrlflll IN for the Peroiin Co. of America. Perolin is used for sweeping floors, carpets, rhKIILIII
I l/ItUl/ill e tc. r and raises no dust. Have you tried it? We have — it's GOOD, and *
inexpensive. A large shipment has just arrived, and we are now ready to fill orders in any quantity.
A SPECIAL IN C+tJ . CUsXIOPS
DRESS GOODS \\l • In pretty fcaterde-
Sale price 50c StOTC OpCM 8 t 30 A. M., QOSCS 5 I 30 P. M. 3ftp
I IVfofT At»ff*>f»C Out-of-town Patrons, order anything in this Advertisement... %
| iTUtil VimiO your letter will receive prompt and careful attention. |
Ladies' High-Class Waists I
At Clearance Prices To-morrow
Closing out the balance of our Winter Waists at greatly reduced prices. Included are some of
this season's best and cleverest creationsr-such styles as will be in vogue for some time yet. Made
of fine quality Flannel, Alpaca, Velvet, v ßrilliantine, Albatros, Nuns' Veiling, etc., in white, black,
and all colors — all exquisitely tailored and finished.
Waists that sold regularly at $2.00 and |2.50, now t1.50
Waists that sold regularly at $3.00 and $3.75, now t1.95
Waists that sold regularly at $4.00 and $4.75, now 53.00
Waists that sold regularly at $5.00 and $5.50, now 53.76
—. . A
New Stylish Drape Veils
To Be Sold at Less Than Half Price
This offer comprises Fancy Tuxedo and Plain Mesh Veils, i# yards long, in black, brown, navy*
blue, purple and gray—some with heavy chenille dotted borders, others with graduated chenille
dots and novelty borders in very latest effects—fresh, stylish goods — divided for to-morrow's selling,
into three groups as follows:
Regular 50c and 60c Veils, on sale at 190
Regular 75c and 85c Veils, on sale at 380
Regular $1.00 and $1.25 Veils, on sale at »8o
—— 1 " — "* $
New Curtains and Draperies
Very Attractively Priced for Monday
Arabian Color Lace Curtains Cotton Draperies for 1905
We have determined to give our customers the best Never before have we shown Cotton Draperies In I
values In Curtains ever known. Several hundred pairs so many pretty styles. Embraced are Fancy Taffetas,
are included in this offering —all in the new Arabian Art Cretonnes, Coronation Cloths, Dimities, Monks*
color, in the very latest French Net, Cable Net and Cloths, Silkollnes, etc., all high-class materials and^
Novelty effects: entirely new this season.
Lace Curtains, worth regularly $1.75, now 11.25 36-inch Figured Silkolines, per yard 12#e *
Lace Curtains, worth regularly $2.25, now t1.76 36-inch Figured Denims, per yard 15e
Lace Curtains, worth reguiarly $2.75, now 52.25 36-inch Fancy Cretonnes, per yard 180
Lace Curtains, worth regularly $3.50, now 13.00 36-inch Coronation Cloths, per yard 300
oTVlonday, January 9th — Opening of New Embroideries
A large assortment of new Patterns in Nainsook, Swiss and Cambric Embroidered Edges, Insertions, Readings,
Galloons. Medallions and Allovers—All at Right Prices. |^
Sale of Worsted Shawls and Capes
We continue to sell Worsted Shawls and Capes at absurdly low prices. They are
made — nothing against them but a color or two gone in each line.
Woven Shawls made of Saxony wool, red and black I Pretty Woolen Shawls, medium weight, In black, y
only; formerly 50c and 70c each, now red, light blue and pink; were $1.00 and $1.25; now OC
Woolen Shawls, with and without fringe, in black, j Umbrella Capes, beautifully made of Shetland a
red, light blue and pink; were 75c and 90c, now Floss,indaintycolors;weresl.soandsl.6s; now^l»UU
Excellent Values in Ribbed Underwear
Ladies' Ribbed heavv-weightMerino VESTSand PANTS; Ladies' Ribbed Merino TIGHTS, knee or ankle length;
white and natural color; special per garment $1.00 I white, black or natural; heavy weight, per pair $1.50
Ladies' Imported Merino VESTS, Swiss Ribbed, white or Ladies' Ribbed UNION SUITS of fine quality Merino,
natural, high neck, long sleeves; special at,... $1.25 ! high neck, long sleeves, ankle length ; per suit $1.75
Lace and Trimming Remnants Half Price
All short lengths from one to five yards of Laces, Spangled Nets and Chiffons — Dress Trimmings
in Passementeries, Appliques, Gimps, Braids, etc., must be closed out prior to our annual stocktaking
to effect a quick clearance we will deduct ONE-HALF from the already reduced remnant prices.
Music at the Park.
The following programme will be
rendered at the park to-day:
March, "Rifle Regiment," Sousa:
overture. "The Mill on the Cliff,"
Reissiger: waltz. "Dolores," Waldteu
fel; solo for euphonium, fantasie from
"Otello." arranged by W. Colverd;
grand selection. "Carmen," Bizet:
overture. "Ruy Bias." Mendelssohn:
song, "Violets." Ellen Wright: se
lection. "When Johnnie Comes March
ing Home." Edwards: humorous fan
tasie. "A Comical Contest," Godfrey;
"La Ritirata Italiana," Drescher.
■
PiSCOPHT Fur Jackets.
Our manufacturing department imports each year a great number of model gar
ments, from which many of our styles are created. Having finished with these models for
the season, we now offer them to the public at 20 per cent Miscount. They consist of fur
jackets, coats and neckwear.
We also offer a 20 per cent discount on all FUR JACKETS IN STOCK, consist
ing of
Seal Skin Jackets . Astrakhan Jackets
Persian Lamb Jackets Electric Seal Jackets
Sable Squirrel Jackets Near Seal Jackets
Mink Jackets - Siberian Gray Squirrel Jackets
r
The goods will remain priced in plain figures as they were before the sale, the 20
per cent to be taken off the sale slip.
Remember that this 20 per cent reduction is positively bona fide, and that the propo- »
sition is good for this week only. No charge for alterations.
H. LIEBES <& CO., *m
The Largest* Exclusive Fur House in the World
133-135 Post St., S. F.
Their Friendship Ceases.
Miss Paula Carter of the Hotel
Clarendon obtained a search warrant
from Police Judge Fritz yesterday to
recover possession of a silk waist,
tailor made suit and other personal
property from Mrs. Rita Pratt, 725
Ellis street. She said she had been a
guest at Mrs. Pratt's house for a few
days and when she was leaving on
Friday Mrs. Pratt demanded $10 for
her board. Miss Carter was surprised
and" declined to pay the amount. Mrs.
Pratt thereupon refused to allow Miss
Carter to remove her personal prop
erty.
Cable Splicer Severely Injured.
Albert Harms, a cable splicer, while
at work splicing: a cable in the Hayes
street power-house yesterday morning,
met with an accident which will in all
probability terminate fatally.
In making the splice he was using
a piece of machinery known as the
'twister." The instrument freed itself
from the belt that controls it and
struck Harms a blow on the head, in
flicting a deep gash. The injured man
was treated at the Park Emergency
Hospital by R. C. Hill and after
ward removed to St. Luke's Hospital.
There is little hope of his recovery.
2122
THE SAN FR ANCISCOCALL. j
JOHN 1). SPRFCkKLS •• • I^prietor
AJ'DKliJi.r AJ-i. COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN* MeNAI T.HT Manager
i i BUCArmTorries ... THIRD and MARKET STREETS, SAN FRANCISCO
Sl' N* I»A V JANUARY 8, 1905
ABOUT THE FORESTS.
THE sessions of the National Forestry Congress in Washington
have been unusually lively. The Secretary of Agriculture
delivered an address which will be long remembered. He made
a reasonable presentation of the whole subject of the effect of
denudation uf the surface of land in the arid region. The grass and
forage plants and the forests in those regions have the same func
tion and perform the same office in the conservation of moisture
and its storage in the ground. The grazing lands of the country,
lit only for grazing, have been rapidly returned to desert condi
tions by overstocking, and the forests are in danger of destruction
by excessive and destructive lumbering. Logically, the preservation
of the forests by conservative lumbering and of the ranges by con
servative stocking go together, and it is for the Government, in co
operation with the lumbermen and stockmen, to reach a policy thai
will secure these desirable results. % ,
President Roosevelt also delivered a notable address, and like
• the Secretary of Agriculture, spoke from abundant knowledge. He
has been a stock ranger and has a wide acquaintance with Western
forest conditions. He also returns the confidence which the West
has just given to him, and is of the opinion that the Western people
can be relied on to promote measures for the conservation of moist
ure by proper handling of forests and grazing lands. After these
two very useful and suggestive addresses, Mr. Maxwell appeared
upon the scene, in battle array, and emitted epithets and accusations
as a Gatling does bullets. He antagonized the President's statement
of the disposition of the Western people and declared them untit
to be trusted in the management of lands and unworthy to be taken
into counsel about measures that concern themselves.
The West will feel this blow. It is probable that no greater
misfortune can happen tp any section of the country than to fall
under Mr. Maxwell's displeasure and condemnation. Hereafter,
when the forest and range are under discussion, the session will be
executive and the West will withdraw. It is true that there are
land frauds in the arid region and the West. But there have been
frauds and charges of fraud in all* of the public land States. Land
hunger is not a new appetite. It was felt by past generations and
to satisfy it men aforetime were willing to risk barking the shins of
their reputations against the law. Just now there is ample proof
that land hunger is responsible for fraud and criminality, and men
in high station are put upon their defense for complicity. But to
make this the basis for a wholesale impeachment of the honesty,
honor and public spirit of the West is to utter spiteful nonsense,
which merely expresses the keen disappointment of Mr. Maxwell
because the West defeated his scheme for getting millions out of
the treasury for irrigation that would never find their way back.
The Western members of Congress who, against his opposition,
framed the Federal irrigation law provided therein that the fund
should be supplied from the proceeds of the sale of public land, and
that it should be a revolving fund, every dollar of it finally going
back into the treasury. It is painful for some men to think of a
dollar once taken out of the treasury ever getting back home, and
this feeling has actuated much of the war whooping against the
West to which the Eastern people are treated. The West averages
as honest, trustworthy and public spirited as any section of the
country.
If anything can discredit the forest policy of the country, a- c
reasonably promoted by the President, the Department of Agriculture
and Mr. Pinchot. it is Mr. Maxwell's demand that we appropriate
as much annually for the forest as we do for the navy and for fortifi
cations. Every forester knows what forestry in Europe proves, that
scientific administration of the forests will not only pay its own
cost, but will yield a revenue that may be diverted to other public
purposes, or may be devoted to the reforestation of denuded lands.
The continued insistence that we cannot preserve our forests, handle
them conservatively, use them for economic purposes and at the
same time make them permanently productive of timber and per
manently conservative of moisture, without taking two hundred
millions a year from the national treasury, will discredit the whole
movement and condemn it as a gigantic graft. We want more edu
cated foresters and fewer forest orators and men who declaim in
millions and try to use sentiment as a jimmy to open the treasury.
Under the wise and conservative policy of Mr. Pinchot the
owners of timber land, who may do what they please with it. may
destroy it at one lumbering or may make of it permanent forest,
are everywhere asking for trained foresters to guide them in so cut
ting their ripe timber as to preserve the growing crop. Admonished
by the wasteful lumbering of the pine lands of Wisconsin and
Minnesota, the millmen are acquiring respect for scientific forestry
that was not felt by the early lumbermen of the Middle West. They
find in the forests of the semi-arid and Pacific Coast region natural
conditions most favorable to the permanency and rapid growth of
the valuable coniferous forests. They are beginning to see their
own permanent interests through the wise eyes of Mr. Pinchot, and
it is safe to say that if foresting' can be kept out of the hands of
the grafters the Western forests, that are profitable and productive
now, will be profitable and productive and conservative of moisture
centuries from now. All this will come about without breaking into
the treasury, but by replenishing it. The West can be trusted as
implicitly as any section of the country and pleads not guilty to Mr.
Maxwell s indictment. (
AMONG the candidates figuring in the Senatorial contest at
Sacramento is Mr. Fisk, Postmaster of this city. He is a
worthy and able man, but is he eligible? The State constitu
tion, article IV. section 20. says: "No person holding'any lucrative
office under the United States, or any other power, shall be eligible
to any civil office of profit under this State; provided, that officers in
the militia who receive no annual salary, local officers or post
masters whose compensation does not exceed $500 per annum, shall
not be deemed to hold lucrative offices." The office of Senator of
the United States is held under this State. The State issues the
commission which makes a man Senator. It is therefore a State
position. The United States cannot choose a man or commission him
to that office.
It is true that the Federal constitution makes the Senate the
judge of the election and qualification of its own members, and the
Senate is competent to disregard the provisions of the State con
stitution respecting eligibility. But before the question can reach
the Senate the State has to ac"t by its Legislature. The Legislature
is created by the constitution of the State, each member taking an
oath to support that instrument. The Legislature cannot disregard
a constitutional requirement respecting eligibility. The Legislature
is bound by the constitution, and the constitution makes it incompe
tent to elect an ineligible person to the Senate.
Here arises a very interesting question. Should the Legislature
do what it is constitutionally incompetent to do. is not the act
null and void? If so, the commission is void and its presentation
gives the United States no jurisdiction. The State constitution also
disqualifies the Governor for election to the Senate during his term.
Would the Legislature violate the constitution by electing him in
the face of that disqualification? Obviously it would. Then would it
not also violate the constitution by electing any one disqualified un
der section 20, article 1 IV?
The constitution especially giants the powers that may be ex
ercised by each of the co-ordinate branches of the State government.
An act in excess of the constitutional grant is in excess of the
power of either branch, and the Legislature would exceed its power
by assuming to elect a Senaior that is disqualified. We do not know
whether the United States, Senate has ever passed upon the question
in this form. But it has passed upon the competency of a body
claiming to be a Legislature to elect a Senator. We think this was
AS TO ELIGIBILITY.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY 8, 1905.
SIMPLE LOVE ALONE
CAN LAST.
BY DOROTHY FEfllMORE:
simply. It is harder than it
looks if you are seeking difficult
methods of expression. And it is
easier than any one would believe
who was not born with a gift for
simplicity. At any rate, you had bet
ter try it, if you happen to be in love,
yet have never done so.
The fact is, you see, that this con
stitutes the final test of affection. If
you and your sweetheart cannot love
happily on the level of every day you
will have to wait indefinitely for your
millennium.
Once, when I was crossing the ocean,
an incident occurred which made me
laugh at first, and then it made me
sorry. In the steamer-chair right next
to mine on deck was a pretty girl who
was sweeping silently but bitterly.
I could not help putting to her the
sympathetic question: "What is it,
may dear.'.' Can I help you?"
She stopped crying long enough to
look me over. Then her tears began
anew.
"I didn't think that Charlie would
ever see me with my hair out of curl,"
she sobbed.
And then, of course, I knew she was
a bride. And I made a guess—which
Charlie's attitude when he appeared
changed into a conviction—as to what
their courtship had been like; it was,
without a doubt, a pretty little am
ourette, based on sentiment that was
real as far as it went, but whose
charm was chiefly of makeup and
background. The young things did not
know the first principles of compan
ionship. They had not learned the A,
B C's of the art, or the science—which
ever you choose —of loving on the level
of every day.
The colors on such a romance as this
are as shallow as the tints on a but
terfly's wing. You can rub them off
with your finger.
Of course youth and maturity look at
love from different standpoints. To the
one it means a thrill, a throbbing of
the pulses, a bewilderment of the
senses, a sweet delirium of fancy. But
to the latter, to whom time has brought
the blessed knowledge that gray days
are In their own way as beautiful as
are the days of gold, love does not ap
pear as a Fata Morgana, splendid mis
tress of all the treasure caverns of the
earth, but as a household angel, with
an aura of happiness encircling her
gentle brow.
The poet Wordsworth, who, all his
life, with simple, grateful heart, read
nature's lessons from her open book. I
I (lone in the Montana case and also in the contest from Alabama
against Spencer. In these cases rival bodies each claimed to be the
lawful Legislature under the constitution of the State, and the Sen
ate had to decide whether either body was competent under the con
stitution of the State to act as a Legislature. Surely there is a close
, legal analogy between the constitutional capacity of a Legislature to
do anything and its competency to do one thing which the constitu
tion forbids that it do.
We suggest the matter as of interest to constitutional lawyers
; and public men. and without any desire to injure the fortunes of
I any aspirant for the Senate.
HABIT and tradition play a conspicuous part in commerce. To
them we owe the slow and hard fight that California wines
have had to make to secure a market in their own country.
ITo the same is due that long sustained belief that only imported
hydraulic cement is fit for use. Scarcely any other article, except
ing iron and coal, has entered as largely as cement into economic
! use in this country.' A gentleman in New York with extensive rela
tions to large constructive works said that in the past there had
i been the stone age and the iron age. but this might well be named
the cement age, because the use of that material enters so generally
into all construction. It is used to make artificial stone that out
lasts either the igneous or sedimentary rocks, because its evenness
of texture is absolutely under the control, of the manufacturer. In
j concrete and a vast variety of forms cement is used and vast works
: would be impossible without it.
California has achieved the production of a hydraulic cement
! that equals the best imported article in all respects and excels it
•in some. Since this California article got into the market the im-
I portation of Belgian and German cement has declined 75 per cent,
j The domestic article has had to contend against disadvantages in
I transportation, as well as against habit and tradition, use and
j custom, and has been subjected to very trying tests, and that it
l-has shut out three-fourths of the foreign cement is evidence that
lit has met all of the requirements of contractors and engineers. It
is fortunate that this manufacture is permanently installed here, for
the Government irrigation works will be sure to require large quan
tities of cement, and the availability of an American article should
! not escape the attention of those concerned.
Californians may well be proud that another vast use is
j made of the natural resources of the State by the conversion of its
clays and stone into a cement that will soon be added to the list of
, exports of the country.
THE OREGONIAN'S ANNUAL.
THE -Portland Oregonian's Annual for the new year is one of
the best edited and best illustrated newspaper supplements that
have appeared during the holiday season anywhere in the \\ r est.
Especial interest attaches to this issue because of the detailed ac
count contained therein of every projected feature of the Lewis and
j Clark Centennial, which opens its doors to the world next summer.
Every detail of the big fair, either now in the course of erection
or soon to be completed, is pictured and described in an adequate
' manner. Furthermore, the paper conveys the cheering information
! that the exposition will be opened absolutely free from debt. Already
, the sum of $1,510,000 has been subscribed by the United States
; Government, various State Legislatures and private corporations of
! Portland. With this substantial stockingful in hand and prospects
'of more coming, the Oregonian is justified in announcing that
j financial difficulties will not be a feature of the fair's managing.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
The doctrine that the Lord helps those who help themselves does not apply
to shoplifters.—Baltimore Sun.
"Anxious" writes: "What are the duties of a father to his daughter's
'coming-out' party?" To put up and shut up.—New York Herald.
Senator Bacon's plea for the repeal of the fifteenth amendment is about
as timely as the arrival of the iceman in a snowstorm—Baltimore Sun.
Why should Mrs. Chad wick surprise us? Hasn't Secretary Shaw been tell
ing us all along that money is plentiful snd cheap?"— Chicago Journal.
Last year Dr. Dowie paid debts to the amount of $-00,000. As a durable
exponent of high finance the doctor has Cassle Chad wick beat several blocks.—
Milwaukee Sentinel.
wrote out of the wisdom of his
simplicity about the
Littto nameless, unremembered acts
Of kh'dness and of love.
Believe me, each one of you, who is
starting out upon a lifetime journey
with some other one whom your heart
tells you is your mate, the little things,
the simple things that you share to
gether will be your traveler's joy. It is
not enough that you are willing to
share with another a single pilgrim's
staff. You must be willing to share the
cup by which you quench your living
thirst by the waters of life, bitter or
sweet, that spring up by the way you
pass.
Love simply. Love with all the heart
you have. There is no way that your
capacity for loving can grow except
through loving. And do not be afraid
to say, "I love you" to the one to
whom by your own act your love be
longs. It is the sweetest way in the
world of saying. "I forgive you." It is
the most diplomatic way of gaining an
"I love you" from your love's lips and
heart.
CALIFORNIA CEMENT.
GOTHAM PA YS
HIGH PRICE FOR
OUR BERRIES
Our market never refuses the con
j sumer what he wants, no matter what
the season, if he is able and willing to
j pay for it, says a New York paper.
! Fresh strawberries are now appealing
jto the epicure, fresh, large, luscious
strawberries from California, looking
;as tempting as the home variety in
midsummer.
: They are sold in boxes, modest
: boxes, that make no pretension to size.
!By actual count one of these boxes
held thirty-one precious berries, for
which the dealer asked $1 25. That
,is an extremefy small fraction more
j than four cents for each berry. There
jis not a large demand for these ber
ries, but they are sold.
BIG WHIST HAND.
A wonderful hand of whist was
played at the St. Paul's Institute,
Grimsby, recently.
The cards were shuffled and dealt
in the usual way. but when the play
j ers looked at their hands they found
j that one of them (the dealer) had 12
| spades, another 11 hearts, the third
12 diamonds, and the fourth 11 clubs.
Spades were trumps, and the lucky
dealer simply threw in his hand and
claimed the 12 tricks.—London Mail.
RAPID TRANSIT.
A lady whose friend asked her to '
i find a maid for her wrote to a certain '
. excellent servant, who. as she knew, j
; was soon to be out of a place, and !
| asked her if she would like to live with ' l
her friend, adding that the girl must
let her know her decision at once. The !
following day the inquirer received a •
letter in an envelope decorated with '
ten one-cent stamps. In the letter, j
I which proved to be from the maid, it i
was stated that she would like the place ■
' in question, and that to be on time with
her answer she had sent her letter by
i "quick delivery."—Harper's Weekly.
TALE OF LETTERS.
A man who hailed from over C's
Desired a place to raise some B's,
And as this chap was rather V's
He searched about with all his Is.
He searched about for many days
Unlike some rash and hasty J's;
From wiser folk he took his Q's
And found a farm that he could L"s.
Ere long he bought a (lock of hens
To help him out to gain his N's.
With practiced folk he always G's,
Attempts to raise no spice nor T's,
But sturdy stuff he always grows
And thus he pays all that he O's.
He's money made on beans and P's
And thus attained a life of E's.
—Houston Chronicle.
LONG FAST.
After fasting for twenty-four days W,
B. Lakenan of Montpelier ate his first
hearty meal in Hartford City, Ind., a
few nights ago at the New Era restau
tant. He said: "For the past month 1
have not been feeling well, and as I
am a believer in Christian science I
would take no medicines. The trouble
was with my blood, and I thought if I
could quit eating for several days I
would soon begin to feel better. For
fourteen days 1 took nothing but a little
lemon water. On the fifteenth day I
took a cracker and drank a little ice
water and became deathly sick. I be
gan to fast again, and to-night is the
first hearty meal I have eaten since 1
began fastjpg on the 13th day of No
vember."
Lakenan said he was feeling excep
tionally good, and from the size of the
supper he ate at the restaurant he must
have been.
VEIL DANGERS.
n
According to the Petit Parisien. Paris
ladies have just been warned authori
tatively that the wearing of a veil
adorned with a pattern is the direct
cause of a multitude of diseases of the
eye. So is the wearing of veils covered
with black or white spots, their special
quality being to throw the eyes out of
focus. "Illusion" veils of very fine ma
terial are said to be the least harmful,
especially if they are black and worn
close to the eyes. We believe that sim
ilar warnings have already been given.
Indeed, one sometimes wonders what
is the purpose of the spots on a veil.
Really you might almost as well wear
frescoes on your spectacles.
Too Big for Comprehension.
The sun is a million times larger
than our earth, but if we increase the
sun's size ten thousand times, we only
reach the volume of such mammoth
suns as Arcturus, Canopus, Antares,
and Beta Centauri. It is estimated that
a motor car traveling at the rate of
UK) miles an hour would take 8000 years
to go once round Beta Centauri, and
far longer than this to go round either
Arcturus or Canopus.
Practical .loke Costs Wife.
Because he pulled a chair from un
der her at the moment she was about
to sit down upon it, says a Kansas
City special in the Chicago Tribune.
Floy S. Anderson sued Martin E. An
derson yesterday for divorce. She al
leges that she hit the floor so hard that
it permanently injured her.
A BROKEN DREAAV
S she cam? down the stair
/lA\ In a cloud of misty tulle,
li V>The heated ballroom air
Seemed swept by an incense cool.
Full many a callous heart,
Weary and world worn there,
To quicker pulse did start
As she came down the stair!
Down drifting through the air,
Clad in a cloud of white,
I fancied a seraph there,
With pinions plumed for flight.
Haggard and old had grown
Faces I fancied fair,
In the light of that lily unblown,
The vision upon the stair!
Then enchanted in every sense,
Breathing a perfume rare,
The fragrance of Innocence
And the happy flowers in her hair,
I tripped on that dreamful dress. *
Well, imagine my deep despair!
For we floored a doz?n, I guess,
Tobogganing down the stair I
— New York Herald.
A SLEEPER o
CINDERELLA
BY lZOLfl FORRESTER.
(Copyright, 1905, by Izola Forrester.)
IT was late when Sercombe boarded
the midnight special from Chicago to
St. Louis. He felt annoyed. Every
berth was taken except the upper
one in section five. Nearly all the
I others were made up and occupied as
[ well. He left his grip and overcoat on
one of the seats and went to the smok
ing compartment for consolation.
Except for a stout, clean-sha m
party at the end of the corner table he
was alone. The train had left Jollet
before Sercombe was on speak'ng terms
with the stout party. He was J. Wil
cox Wood of St. Louis, and "almighty
glad to get back, sir."
Sercombe accepted the information
unsociably. Just how any one could
want to get back to St. Louis was be
yond his comprehension. On that par
ticular night he wished that St. Louis
was a swamp, flooded by its own mud
dy river. To be hustled out of Chicago
for six weeks, at the particular mo
ment when he was expecting the firm
to hand over the management of the
New York office, was the hardest test
"I beg your pardon." he said, I
"hut I think I have your slip
per."
in business endurance that had come
to him yet.
He was too young:! That was what
old Griswold had said. Parker, the
junior partner, would have sent him
down if he had had the say-so about
the appointment. And he had
he was solid with the old man, too.
During the four years he had been with
the firm he had tried faithfully to do
the square thing. Griswold had said
that he liked him, too. personally.
"You're all right, boy. Keep jogging.
You'll get there, all right—only keep
cool. You're a bit too much this side
of thirty to take hold of the New York
end. I want to give you a whirl in
St. Louis."
Sercombe rose suddenly and threw
away his cigar savagely. J. Wilcox
Wood was chatting volubly on the
other side of the table on the renais
sance epoch in St. Louis that was to
follow the World's Fair.
"Get in on the ground floor, old man.
If you **cc anything coming your way
down here hit it to kill. It's certainly
poing to be the center of the circle."
"Good night," said Sercombe curtly.
' 1 m going to bed."
His berth had been made up and he
climbed to it with silent, philosophical
resentment against the combine of the
spinning ladies who held the thread
Of fate, to make him generally un
JAPANESE KNOTS.
The Japanese have no use for but
tons, buckles or hooks and eyes. Cord
serves every purpose of fastening and
furnishes artistic possibilities seeming
ly without end. The Japanese have
hundreds of knots. Some are as old as
the time when history was recorded
by a series of knots, just as it was In
China and Peru before writing was In
vented. There are dozens of knots in
common and ceremonial usage, and
these every Japanese child can tie. To
name only a few, there are plum blos
som, cherry blossom, iris, chrysanthe
mum and Dine tree knots. There are
Fujiyama knots, turtle and stork knots,
the "old man's." which is easy to tie,
the "old woman's" and many others.
comfortable. He had just fallen asleep
when something struck him in the fate
and he wakened with i; shook, ex
acting the horrors ..f a wreck to crusn
in on him. But absolute peace and
quiet reigned thr-.ugh the car. Th
opalesrent globes on the lamps trem
bled slightly with the motion of the
train, but that was all.
Sercombe sat up and reached tor his
watch under the pillow. As he did so
his hand came in contact with the mis
sile that had struck him lying back of
the pillow. It was a lady's slipper—
a small, black, patent leather affair.
The heel was French, but moderately
high, and there were three sets of V
shaped straps that buttoned across the
instep. Sercombe examined it curi
ously. A slipper iike that expressed
the character of the person who had
purchased it. it was dainty, effective,
distinctive, not extreme, designed for
comfort and yet perfect in style. It
seemed ridiculously small for a wom
an's foot. Finally he let conjecture
slip into acceptance of the chance that
had tossed it to him, and fell asleep
with it under his pillow. In the morn
ing he decided he would play the Princa
and go on a still hunt for his sleepar
Cinderella.
He rose early. The train was
scheduled to arrive in St, Louis at
j 7:30 o'clock and he had no intention
•of letting Cinderella run away. One
|by one the berths were made up and
!he scanned the occupants eagerly.
I Five ladies appeared. Alter a careful,
[ judicious survey Sercombe settled on
the owner of the slipper. He fait
positive that she was the only one
who could possibly wear such a slip
per.
She was in section seven. He could
see her head with its masses of red
brown hair, the fluffiest, waviest, most
willful hair he remembered ever hav
ing seen. He noticed, also, that aha
did not rise and having sauntered
casually up and down the aisle, he
saw that her gray silk traveling cloak
covered her feet completely. It was
almost 7:30 o'clock. Sercombe took
the slipper from his side coat pocket
and paused at section seven.
"I beg your pardon," he said, "but
I think I have your slipper."
She glanced up at him in amused
surprise, as he laid the slipper in her
lap. Sercombc's heart started up a
ragtime "come-all-ye" as he looked
down in her eyes and tried to ex
plain the extraordinary fact that he
had been struck in the head by her
slipper about two in the morning,
whin suddenly he heard the voice of
[ J Wilcox Wood speak to him across
the ais^e.
"That slipper's mine, my boy," he
said, jovially. "Just hand it over, will
you?"
Before Sercombe could speak he
went on apologetically:
"You see, I had the upper berth
across from you. Some one disturbed
the peace last night by playing a noc
turne on their nasal organ, under
stand? I thought that it was you. sir.
and took the liberty of throwing one
of my samples at you to break the
spell. This morning I found out that
it wasn't you at all. It was the old
boy in the lower berth. No offense!
Have a cigar? I just had one with
the old boy to square matters."
While Sercombe hesitated old man
Griswold came leisurely down the aisle,
and put out his hand.
"Hello, Archie. Didn't waste any
time getting down, did you? Thought
we'd get In a little ahead of you and
start things moving. Flora, this is
Archie Griswold, manager of our
Louis branch. Had breakfast? No?
Then come home with us!"
Four months later Sercombe, Junior
partner of the firm of Griswold, Ser
combe & Co., sent an order to ona J.
Wilcox Wood, shoe salesman of Bt.
Louis, for a pair of bridal slippers,
duplicates in white kid of a certain
other pair that had changed the cur
rent of fate for him. and this time he
had the satisfaction of fitting them
himself on the feet of Flora Griswold.
his Cinderella.—(Copyright, ItOS, by
Izola Forrester.)
ANSWERS.
MALARIA—W., City. Malaria la not
Spanish; it is Italian and means bad
air.
STANDARD OF TTMT5 —N. N. §~
City. The official time for San Fran
cisco is that for the standard of the
120 th meridian. It makes no difference
where the time is taken, at the United
States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island or the Mt. Hamilton Observa
tory. The time ball in San Franolaco
is dropped on the time furnished from
the observatory at Mare Island.
ST. LOUIS FALR—Many Correspond
ents, City and Country. The following
is the official list of admissions, oald
and free, at the St. Louis Fair, recently
closed:
Paid. Fre*. Total
April 30 and May 667,772 1.102.55* 1.770.42S
.Juno 1 382.865 1.016.281 2,806,146
July . . 1 614.743 928.224 2,442.»«7
A ugruflt ......... 1 .'902.248 1.096.498
September "683 Ml 968,2t>2 3,651,1.3
OoX : zltßmJs 864.180 3.622.329
Nov. and P*c. I. 1.800.328 914.138 2.719.468
Totals Tz'sbMlS 6,880,239 19,694.865
WASH LEATHER — Subscriber,
City. Wash leather is the name ap
plied to a soft pliable leather, dressed
with oil in such a way that it may be
washed without shrinking. It is used
for various articles of underwear, also
for rubbing silverware and metals that
take a high polish. The article that
Is known as chamois or shammy is
also called wash leather.
COCHINEAL — Subscriber. City.
Cochineal is a color procured from the
cochineal insect (cocus cacti), which
feeds upon the leaves of several species
of the cactus, and which is supposed to
derive its coloring matter from the food
It partakes of. Its natural color is
crimson, but by the addition of a prep
aration of potash it yields a rich scar
let dye. t
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic flre-etehed boxes. 715 Market st.»
Special information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1041. *DR. JACOB NIETO.
JOHN D. ROCKEFELLER.
THOMAS W. LAWSOX.
YOUNG men of the nation, give
heed! Important revelations
have we on our mind, and
waggish, too. Nature often
assumes these light and play
ful forms in her various
manifestations and phenomena, says
. the New York Sun. Witness the
ecstatic look of a pig when its back is
scratched. Hear its rhapsodic grunts
of joy. And yet, mind you, the pig is
"all seriousness, merely fulfilling one of
nature's most absolute laws in its
happy looks and grunts. If you would
prove this assertion, stop scratching
the pig for a moment, and it will look
'up at you so pathetically, so sorrow
fully, and step closer to you and hunch
its back so wistfully that you cannot
withstand its mute appeals, but will
resume your operations until perforce
.you stop from very weariness.
Ah, and life is full of these obscure
things that need the illumination of
•wisdom to make them patent to the
casual Groper after Light. Why do
little dogs run? Why do little fish
laugh and wag their tails when the
fisherman falls out of the boat and
. into the water? Why do they have
roosters on weather vanes instead of
hens? We know; we know although
• we will not tell—merely scattering thus
THE MODERN RUSH FOR PLEASURE
44' | thin* that hath
I been, it is that which
I shall be, and that which
* is done shall be done
again, and there is noth
ing new under the sun."
Now sneer! It is the custom to de
ride any suggestion which appears to
discount the marvelousness of the
present. In fact, life is with some
made up of sneers and regrets, sneers
at the ignorance of the past and re
grets for the good old times. And
even this is not new. Of old men
spoke in that very strain, bemoaning
the discomfort that short-sightedness
or overconfidence had wrought for
them. But this complaint is not true,
therefore "it ariseth not out of wis
dom." Yet, "that which is done
has been done before," for we are at
heart the same as our forbears. The
same emotions, impulses and am
ROCKEFELLER AND RUMSELLER
HIS Is the story of the Two
, Johns. One is John D. Rock
efeller, worth $300,000,000, and
the other is John J. Melin,
worth $20,000. Herein may be
read how John D. Rockefeller,
master of men and of millions, has up
to the present time met his match in
the tactics of John J. Melin. the
square-jawed, phlegmatic Swedish sa
loon-keeper, whose rum shop stands
impudently at the head of the cross
j roads on the way to the country home
jof the Standard Oil King at North
Tarrytown, says the Brooklyn Eagle,
i But a new deal has just been shuffled
from the Rockefeller deck, and ail the
: good people in the Pocantico Hills,
irom the millionaire dwellers in the
j highlands to the astute philosophers
I sitting around the red hot stoves in
the stores at Tarrytown and White
Plains, are wondering what is going to
happen next. This latest move on the
FACTS fIBOUT "FRENZIED" LAWSON
THAT Thomas W. Lawson is a
unique American product is
acknowledged by his worst
enemy.
He is tall, well built, with a
ruddy complexion, a mass of i
black hair, sharp, piercing eyes that
look you through and through and a
square jaw. His hands are remarkably |
small for such a big man.
Mr. Lawson began his business career
in 1872, when at the age of 15 he made
a fortune by speculating in shares of J
Cincinnati, Sandusky and Cleveland
Railroad stock, which dropped from $50
a share to $3. He had been a spender,
even at the age of 12 years. At that
time he received a present of $100. He
spent $87 on a present for his sister and
the rest went toward making his broth
er happy.
When he made the fortune in Cincin
nati, Sandusky and Cleveland stock he
made the money fly while it lasted. He
COURTSHIP AND THE SIMPLE LIFE
lightly a few seeds from our storehouse
of knowledge, so that you may form
some idea of the tremendous bulk of
grain reposing in our mental bins.
In our travels and peregrinations we
have lately noticed a small army- of
gentlemen standing on street corners
and handing out (for a consideration)
copies of a book entitled the "Simple
Life." We bought a copy, we read it;
irresistibly we brought the tremendous
weight of our intellect to bear upon
the subject until we now are ready to
use it for a text, to construe it, to ela
borate it, to restrict it, to criticize it,
to approve it; to frown upon it, to
swear by it, to swear at It, to treat It
seriously, to treat it lightly, to praise
it, to damn it, to hold it up aa a model,
to throw it down as a horrible example,
or to preserve a weighty silence over
it, meanwhile breathing heavily, look
ing wise and smiling inscrutably.
But no.
Young men of the nation (we repeat),
give heed. And bo, ye widows and
spinisters, hide your heads! For we are
about to lay down a few elementary
rules of the simple life as applicable
to the subject of courting, of wooing,
of loving, of keeping company, of going
with a girl, of sparking seriously, of
paying attentions, of looking for a wife,
BY DR. JACOB NIETO, Rabbi Congregation Sherith Israel.
Saloon Man Has Not Weakened in the Battle Royal With the Oil King
Financier Is Always Either Making or Losing a Fortune
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8. 1905.
bitions move us now as they did
when man first began to think, only
now the veneer is put on thicker and
the varnish is more artistically laid
on. Hence the degree of assurance
we feel that we may dare toy with
the pastimes that ruined empires and
indulge in excesses that annihilated
the races of old. Nothing new under
the sun. No. Not even oppression,
which sprang into life twin sister of
cupidity. For of old has oppression
been the instrument by which ambition
without ability has forced its hold
upon the world, and even Caesar, like
the Prophets, wept when the poor
cried.
Money? Yes. that is it—the root of
all evil and the universal provider.
Money is and was the standard by
which men's worth was judged in all
ages when materialism absorbed
men's ideas and energies, to the ex
part of the Rockefeller forces consists
in buying up a whole town in order to
take away the patronage of the offend
ing saloon.
In the meantime the war is on and
Melin's flag is still Hying. But in the
interim, every time that the reputed
richest man in the world is driven to
the Tarrytown railway station to catch
a train for New York he is obliged to
pass this one-story shanty with
the glaring legend informing the
thirsty wayfarer that all kinds of wet
goods, from blown pop and Herkimer
County applejack to yellow peril beer
and whisky warranted tfc kill while you
wait, may be had within. Some men
snuggling with total abstinence prin
ciples might avoid the impudent little
gin mill by riding cross country on the
back of a thoroughbred hurdle jumper,
or chartering an airship: others might
circumvent the wily dealer in red
liquor by constructing a subway from
| gat mixed up in the Boston Water
j Power Company and dropped the mod
j est sum of $59,841 in jig time. But that
; left him with a hundred and fifty odd
I dollars, which he spent in giving his
; friends a dinner, handing his last $5
, note to the head waiter.
That left Mr. Lawson with clean
,' decks, but it did not take him long to
J get into the game again. For the last
; thirty years no man has made and lost
j the fortunes like him; no man has
| spent the millions that he has in so
j many differen; ways. His motto is:
"If you spend money, spend it like a
gentleman," and he has lived up to
this. If he wants a thing he buys it,
just as he did when he paid $30,000 for
the famous Lawson pink.
In the last historic crash of Amalga
mated Copper Lawson is said to have
lost $7.000,000—a mere bagatelle. Since
that time he has made that much over
and over again at times, according to
"Words of AVisdom for the Young Men of the Nation
of calling on Wednesday nights and
Sundays, of taking her home, of walk
ing out with her, of saying "Snip" to
her "Snap," of visiting Miss Right, or
any other of the multitudinous and
euphemistic methods of expression em
ployed by the interested parties when
they wish to refer to that interesting
era of their lives that begins when
sanity ceases and ends when marriage
begins.
In the days before wisdom descended
upon us frequently have we enriched
a sneering florist, a hausrhty cabdrlver,
a supercilious ticket speculator, a domi
neering hat boy and a blase waiter, all
in order that the girl with us might
be gratified and amused. Complexi
ties! And now let the whole tribe from
the florist to the waiter tremble in their
boots, for their sun is fast declining
in the west and will soon be blotted
out completely by these, our rules and
regulations for the proper courtship of
misses and other marriageable female
persona
In the first place, flowers must be
dispensed with. Few things are as
complex as a gift of flowers. Should
the donor tote them around himself or
send them in advance? If he takes
then, himself, should he hurl them at
the girl the moment he sees her, .or
elusion of all things else. Money
then becomes God and supplants
Deity even in the sanctuary. The
church is called the house of God.
yet what poor man feels at home in
his Father's house? Fashion—money
is here in all its luxurious vociferous
ncss, and the rich sit near to and the
poor far from the altar of God. And
the modestly clad sister shudders at
beholding the lavish costume of the
sister in a select pew, and her mind
wan/iers from devotion to contem
plation not devout at all. And the
other one—well, maybe if she grieves
she really seeks God, but mostly "the
eyes of all are not turned to him, but
gazing upon others."
Money has its penalties, too, for
those who possess it must take proper
social rank, must entertain; and Mrs.
Empty-Head invites her lady friends
for an afternoon and evades the ne
cessity of performing her duty as
their mansion to the railway tracks.
But Mr. Rockefeller has other ways
ways that have resulted in the ex
penditure of much money and that
have. Incidentally. brought much
trouble to the door of John Melin.
But during all this battle royal which
has extended over a period of three
years, and which has not yet reached
its culmination. Melin has never weak
ened, but, on the contrary, has thus
far beaten his multi-millionaire an
tagonist at every point. In vain Mr.
Rockefeller has attempted to buy out
the saloon-keeper. His agents have
offered big prices, begged und coaxed,
but this squat-legged, broad-shouldered
Swede has shaken his head and said he
knew his business. Now Rockefeller
has adopted new tactics. He is buying
up the whole town of Uriggsville, in
which Melin does business, on the logi
cal deduction that if there are no peo
ple to drink whisky and beer there will
common report, says a writer in the
Baltimore Sun.
So far as skyrocket speculation goes
he excels even the "Betcher-a-million"
John W. Gates. When he loses a fight
he likes to write a book about his
troubles and show up (he inside work
ings of the financial world from his
point of view to illustrate what little
chame the general public has to make
money unless by blind luck.
As one of the most versatile and pic
turesque American millionaires Mr.
Lawson is always doing something new
When he bought the famous pink there
were other bidders for the flowers. A
New York concern offered $2000 for the
slip, Harlow W. Galvin made it $6000,
another florist made the bid of $15,000
and Lawson jumped it to $30,000.
No reverses in life ever stung him so
deeply as the wound inflicted by the
New York Yacht Club. He built the
sloop Independence and it looked for a
should he say "How-do" first? If he
should say "How-do" first, is he to ap
pear conscious or unconscious of the
bokay in h.s hand? Should the girl ap
pear to see it? Or should each avoid
looking the other in the eye until he
says "Oh. I've brought a few flowers
for you"? Should he, by any possibil
ity, hide them behind his back until the
first greetings are over?
Of a grave complexity is this, the at
tempted solution of which will cause
the Queen of Reason to totter on her
throne, while grinning Bedlam whis
pers words of horrid revolution to the
fagged-out little workers of the mind.
Beware, young men, beware!
And what are cabs? Complexities
pure and simple. Should the gentleman
haggle with the driver of the cab either
before or after riding? If he once
takes her in a cab, should he always
take her in a cab? Otherwise, will she
think his love is growing cold? Should
he lean back in the cab? Should he
act as though he always rode In cabs?
Should he assume that she Is accus
tomed to cabs? Or should he accentu
ate the fact that he is giving her a
treat, saying, "Isn't it nice to ride in
cabs?" or "How much nicer It is to
ride in a cab and think how much
nicer it is to rids in a cab than it is
hostess by making them entertain
themselves. Card tables are spread
around and all are to play for prizes;
after play refreshments, hand shakes.
"Oh, what a delightful time, V s -
Empty-Head; so glad you invited
us." Another afternoon is wasted.
Pastime is no more a recreation; it I
is the only business of lite. But this '
is not all. It would not do never to \
win a prize—that would be a reflec- J
tion upon some other vacuous era- i
nium. So they cheat. But no one
cares —the hostess -provides the prizes
and no one is really hurt, except
morally—but then it is fashionable, j
In time, however, it comes hard on
Mrs. Empty-Head to continue pro
viding prizes, so the callers at cards
play for a little stake just to make it
interesting. And then they lose and
their husbands have need of spoil—
"more spoil," for already "they have
taken the wings of a stork to flit to
and fro to build a temple to folly." *
i>e no whisky and beer sold, and with
out the sale of whisky and beer there
wilt be no saloon.
Mr. Rockefeller is said to have been
in some big fights in his life. He has
achieved the reputation of having suc
cessfully led battles in which millions
of dollars were involved. Wall street
has eyed him with suspicion and ad
miration. He has conquered all ob
stacles in a gigantic enterprise that
has, in tfs magnitude, astounded the
financiers of two hemispheres. But in
all his fights, in all his financial calcu
lations. It is doubtful if he has ever en
tered into a battle with more vim and
more grim determination to come out
the victor than he has in this warfare
with the other John, who has planted
himself d«.wn on his stocky legs like a
bulldog with the resolve to stick it out
as long as there is a bark and a bite
left in him. And Wall street and Po-
time as if she might be chosen to de- (
fend the America's cup, but the New-
York Yacht Club declared the boat to j
be barred because Mr. Lawson was \
not a member of the. club.
After writing a book about the dis- j
appointment, entitled "The Lawson
History of the America's Cup; A Rec-:
ord of Fifty Years," he smashed the ;
Independence to bits and made souve- |
nirs of her plates.
Mr. Lawson says that only one per- j
son can help a man in this world and
that person is himself. Certainly few
have helped him, for he has many ene
mies.
"They are all thoroughbreds," he
says of his enemies. "Every one of
them would rise from a sound sleep to
do me an injury. Long may they live.
They put spice into life."
To most men the loss of a couple of
million dollars would be a blow from J
which they would never recover. Not I
to walk, than it is to walk and to
think how much nicer it is to ride in
a cab than it is to walk?"
Ah, but cabs are complex! There are
few simplicities so easy or attainment
and so desirable in their elimination of
vulgar display as the pristine sim
plicity of hooflnp- it.
And of what complexity is the mat
ter of taking a girl to a theater? Should
her wishes be consulted or should he
buy tickets to a show which he wants
to see himself? When the tickets are
bought, should he bring it to her at
tention that they are costing him a
pretty penny, or should he casually re
mark that he has got a couple of tick
ets and will she pome? Should she
have the option of the aisle seat or
should he hog that desirable point of
vantage? Should he openly admire any
of the actresses or should he curl his
lip instead of Joining In the applause,
meanwhile looking at his girl and ex
changing disdainful glances with her?
When the ballet trips forth, should he
elevate himself in his seat and look
cheerful, or should he virtuously sigh
and keep his gaze discreetly lowered.
If she begins to look hungry, should he
dodge out between the acts and pawn
his ring to buy the coming dinner? And
when he comes back from this labor
"And the foolish woman thus tear
eth down her house with her own
hands."
All of which is not new; it hap
pened when the Proverbs of Solomon
were written. Even a corner in wheat
was heard of then, for there was "a
curse on him who withheld his corn,
but blessing upon him who sold it
at all times."
Do not alarm yourself, however.
No, the race is not lost. Frivolity has
its season, only it unfortunately abid
eth too long—too long if we esti
mate the loss to mankind at large
and to society in particular. Israel,
Judah and Rome before they fell suf
fered from the thoughtlessness of
their women, the frenzied rush for
maddening pleasure, the day of waste
ful recreation, the night of wild rev
elry. We, however, have benefited
by their example, and when the fad
has lasted a little too long and the
swift-moving life of to-day shall alter
cantico Hills are looking on with bated
breath.
Now, with two such foemeri —each
worthy of the other's steel—it becomes
interesting to know what kind of men
they are. Mr. Rockefeller is, perhaps,
the better known of the two. When he
is driven along the old Sleepy Hollow
road that intersects the Bedford road
right at John Melin's groggery every
one has a good chance to study liis
external appearance. If the man were
walking along the road and wore
knickerbockers and broad, low shoes
with steel buckles to them, instead 'of
the conventional clothes of a modern
business man. you would swear that
the story about Ichabod Crane, who
a as supposed to have passed the best
days of his lifi in this very locality,
was not so much of a fiction as it
might be. Jn the face that one sees
there is a world of determination.
Some men give up when they have had
(so with Mr. Lawson. More than once
Jhe has lost that amount with a smile,
J and more than a dozen times he has
! made that amount while the day labor
| er in front of his office was earning $2.
I Among other things Mr. Lawson is
noted for is his beautiful homes. His
| house in the exclusive Beacon street, in
I Boston, is a palace. He has a half
j dozen beautiful farms, where his crack
j trotters graze. When he tires of one
j place he buys another,, for in this, as
j well as every other phase of his ca
| reer. Mr. Lawson believes that variety
i"is the spice of life.
Man an Inverted Plant
When the theory of Edward Beck
ham of Brooklyn, university graduate
j and longshoreman, is accepted there j
j will be no more consumption and every j
j man will wear long hair and a Russian j
I admiral's beard. - j
of love and she playfully accuses him
of having gone out to get a drink,
should he deny it?
And thus complexities gather and
problems multiply. Young men, cut j
out the theater! If she wishes that '
sort of spectacular amusement, you j
would do well to learn a simple parlor '
trick or two that can be performed
with a few matches, a glass of water,
a cork, a coin, a wine glass and a pack
of cards. A pleasant and instructive
evening may be spent in this manner.
In the next place, restaurants must
be avoided. All restaurants are com
plex. Shall the gentleman precede the
lady when following the head waiter? |
How shall he refer to his escort when I
mentioning her to the waiter? Shall
he say "Give the lady another cup of
tea," or "Give madame another cup of
tea. or "Give my girl another cup of j
tea," or "Give the missis another cup
of tea," or "Give Mrs. Smith another
cup of tea," or "Give her another cup
of tea," or shall he basely dodge the
question and order "another cup of tea
over there"?
And, further, how may he attract the
waiter's attention when the waiter
studiously looks the other way? Shall
be hit his fork against his glass or
snap his fingers, or say "S-s-s!" or
once again the environments these
gayeties will pall upon their present
votaries and a soberer occupation will
be their quest. Those who have suf
ficient of the ruin left to make it
possible will repair the house they
have nigh wrecked and the neglected
husband and children will be made
happy in the warm stream of a
mother love.
We have even doubted the exist
ence of God before science became
fashionable, and faddists of all sorts
and conditions have formed fan
dangled sects long before the modern
craze. Even the merit of goodness
has had it doubters and uprightness
has been deemed folly. Corruption
in high places has held sway before,
and even human love has been de
rided. But we always come back to
the old again, the old that is true and
undying; to truth, to honor, to God
and home, in time to squeeze back
through the gates of salvation.
enough of a thing—pleasant or other
wise. One would never read "quit" in
the lines that go to make up the Rock
efeller face. These are the outside
characteristics. As for the inside, John
Melin himself says: "John D. Rocke
feller is too deep for me."
Jim Buck's Formula.
James W. Buck of Portland, Maine,
who says he is 75 years old and will
live to be a hundred, called on the
President the other day. Buck knew
Tom Reed when Reed was a boy. He
was well and hearty. He says he has a
medicine that will keep him alive for
twenty-five years. This is the form
ula:
"I buy one pound of Epsom salts
and add to this five tablespoonfuls of
sulphur and the juice of four large
lemons, dissolving the sulphur and
salts in the juice. Then I pour in about
a quart of distilled water or any other
kind of water. I nut this away in :i
bottle and when I feel a littfe poorly
I take some for a few days."
"I have discovered," he says, "that
man is simply a plant turned upside
down. Hair is to man what the roots
are to a plant. Air and light are the
soil from which mankind draws its
energy.
"The hair supplies the ether which is
the nutriment and energizer of the en
tire brain and nervous system. Under
standing this, it is easy to eradicate
consumption."
Beckham is a negro, born in South
Carolina and educated at Clafflin and
Howard universities. Leaving Howard
to enter Cornell, he fell ill of consump
tion.
In a Philadelphia hospital he noticed
that the hair of consumptives stopped
growing and turned gray at the tips;
so he concluded that this had some con
j nection with the origin of the dlseast.
He let his hair and beard grow, lived
j outdoors without a hat, recovered and
I to-day is a giant.
, cough In an aggravated sort of way, or
j shuffle his feet, or hiss "Waiter!" or
j quietly go over to the waiter and ask
him why the divvle he doesn't waif on
! this table over here properly? Which
part of |he steak should be served to
i the lady—the first or second cut?
: Should all the vegetables be dished out
at the first whack or should a little
be left in the vegetable dishes to look
polite? How much should the waiter
get? And if the waiter puts it in his
pocket without giving thanks should
the money be demanded back?
Horrible doubts and. perturbations!
'Tis thus that life is soured and death
| embraced with happy smiles. And
J simple is the remedy and easy is the
cure —to wit, a few sandwiches and
crullers in your pocket, and a draught
of limpid life-giving water at the hear
j est public fountain.
We have spoken. We have spoken.
Young men of the nation, ponder these,
our words of wisdom; ponder them
earnestly; ponder them well. And we
do hereby swear to you that if you
will but follow out the ideas so clearly
here laid down your courtship shall
come to a right happy end and you
shall be an example for the young and
the envy of the old—a happy, contented
and prosperous citlsen—and most
magnificently single withal!
2324
WATERLOGGED LAKME IS TOWED INTO PORT
Schooner Is All Submerged
but Her Pilot-House and
the Topgallant Forecastle
HEAVY BURDEX FOR
THE TUG SEA ROVER
Cargo of Lumber Saves
the Stout Coaster From
Going to Bottom of Sea
The waterlogged steam schooner
Lakme was brought into port yesterday
by the tug Sea Rover, which took the
derelict from the steamer North Fork
on Thursday morning off Point Arena.
The Lakme's after end is entirely sub
merged, but otherwise the vessel ap
pears to be in good condition. The pilot
house and topgallant forecastle are the
only parts of the Lakme above water.
• In spite of heavy seas not a window in
the pilot-house is broken, and the jack
staff, the top of which appears above
water, is still in commission.
The Lakme struck on the bar when
leaving Eureka, broke her rudder and
tail shaft and damaged her stern. That
quite a hole was knocked in her stern
is thought likely, but being loaded with
lumber there was no danger of the
Lakme sinking. The North Fork start
ed to tow her to this port, but the task
proved beyond the North Fork's
strength, and the tug Sea Rover was
s<mt to bring in the derelict. The ex
tent of the damage sustained by the
Lakme w ill not he know n until the car
go is discharged and the vessel placed
on the drydock. The Lakme is now at
Hunters Point.
City of Para Sails.
The Pacific Mail Company's liner
' City of Para sailed yesterday for Pan
ama and way ports with a full cargo
and about thirty cabin passengers.
Among these were the following: Sam
uel Jones. Helen and John Chesnut,
Miss Mary Chesnut. C. L. White, C. P.
"Waterhouse, C. Heyn and wife. H. P.
Garthwaite, W. J. Appleton, P. J. Gil
ltppie, B. Courtade. H. J. Meiul. J.
Aguirre. C. J. Peacock. F. N. Peacock,
J. Bowdry. G. Lyfare, Miss E. G. Cas
tano. J. S. Critchley and wife, Mrs. K.
E, Hicks and son and M. S. Prinder
gast.
Manchuria Leaves Yokohama.
The Pacific Mail Company's liner
Manchuria. Captain Saunders, left Yo
kohama yesterday for this port direct.
She should he here about January 19,
and will sail again about January 26.
Ttvp Doric left Honolulu yesterday and
should be here on Thursday. The Man
churia has on board 356 Japanese for
Honolulu. As Ihe liner will not call at
ihe island port on this homeward run
the small army of little brown men will
br lodged and fed by the Pacific Mail
company until the Manchuria reaches
Honolulu on her outward voyage.
Kdith's lione Passage.
The steamship Edith. Captain Hall,
which arrived yesterday from Comox,
was six days and five hours making the
trip. Twice the collier was compelled
to return to the Straits of Puca on ac
count of cargo shifting. She encoun
tered some heavy southerly weather,
and all hands were still tired when the
' vessel arrived from their exertions in
twice retrimrrring the hlack diamonds
that made up the cargo.
Santa Ana Strikes Rock.
The steamer Santa Ana. bound from
Seattle for Valdez, returned yesterday
to the Puget Sound port, having struck
a rock in Hecate Narrows.
Water Front Notes.
• The army transport Dix, which left
Manila December 26 for this port, re
furned to Manila January 3 for some
reason at present unknown to the local
authorities.
Two stowaways discovered on the
steamer George W. Elder were landed
yesterday at the Presidio.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany's Curacao sailed yesterday for
Guaymas and way ports. She carried
about thirty passengers and a full
cargo.
The bark Amy Turner sailed yester
day for Hilo. and the bark Andrew
"Welch for Honolulu.
r -Tho .Kosmos liner Saxonia cleared
yesterday for Hamburg.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
To Load for Hilo.
The bark Roderick Dhu will load general
merchandise at this port for Hilo. Hawaiian
Islands.
Additional Cargo.
In addition to the cargo previously report
ed the steamer Anubls. which sailed on Friday
for Hamburg and way ports, carried mer
chandise for Mexico valued at $1580, and in
cluded the following: 165 bbls flour, 720 lbs
meals. 680 lbs raisins, 32 crts potatoes, 5 crts
onions 17 pkgs paste, 300 lbs neans. 7 pkgs
groceries and provisions. 100 cs coal oil, 5
pkgs paper, 3 cs dry goods. 6 kegs nails.
Exports by the Para.
The steamer City of Para sailed yesterday
for the Isthmus of Panama and way ports with
a general merchandise cargo valued at $102,
--579 to be distributed as follows: For Central
America, $55,824; Mexico. $340; Panama, $4725;
Colombia, $230; Ecuador, $900; New York,
$30,945; Trinidad Island, $275: Jamaica, $137;
France. $200. The following were the leading
exports:
To Central Amerloa—Bolß bbls flour, 1782 ctls
corn, 80,000 lbs salt. 2202 gals 21 cs wine, 10
gals 104 cs whisky, 26 cs beer, 2 cs brandy, 102
cs canned salmon, €4 cs assorted canned goods,
2294 Its spices. 148 pkg* grocerle* and pro
visions, 2079 lbs 1 cs raisins, 995 lbs dried
fruit, 62 pkgs paste, 28 pkgs fresh fruits, 470
ADVEKTISEMJENTS.
Rupture Cured
Men cured by us can be found all over the coast. Here is one
from Modoc County:
"I took off my truss in July and have not worn it since. I am
CURED." WILLIAM T. CRESSLER, Cedarville. Cal.
Here is one right at home:
"I took the Fidelity Rupture Cure two years ago and have not
worn a truss since and have had no trouble. Any one wishing further
information can call or write me at 068 Howard St*. S. F."
W. M. STREBECK.
We can cure YOU. No pay till cured. Call and see us.
FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE,
1344 Market Street.
WATERLOGGED STEAM SCHOONER LAKME. WHICH WAS TOW ED IN FROM
SEA YESTERDAY BY TUG SEA ROVER THE LAKME STRUCK HUMBOLDT
BAR, AND BUT FOR HER LUMBER CARGO WOULD HAVE SUNK.
lbs cheese, 1729 lbs 1 cs bread, 535 lbs beans,
14,305 lbs rice. 122 pkgs potatoes. 4563 lbs 100
cs codfish. 12 cs table preparations, 321 lbs 1
cs ham and bacon, 1102 lbs tea, 9 crts onions,
20.150 lbs tallow. 22.0<K) lbs bluestone. 6704 ft
hardwood. 70 flasks quicksilver. 63 cs arms
and ammunition. 33 bale? dry goods. 122 bdls
pipe. 20*bhl* tar. 145 pkgs machinery. 3 cs tur
pentine. 225 pkgs lumber. 48 sks coal, 107 pkgs
paints. 13 oe ells. 204 cs coal oil, 85 pkgs tire
bricks.
To Mexico—477 gals wine. 124 steel rails, 72
bdls shocks. 3 pkgs paper. 2 kegs nails.
To Panama—7Bo bbls flour, 3204 gals wine.
20 .'t-ts potatoes and onions. 5 crts garlic. 20 cs
2 kegs salmon. 325 lbs beans. 15 cs canned
goods. 3 pkgs provisions. 100 cs soap.
To Colombia—43 bbla flour.
To Ecuador—2oO bbls flour.
To New Y0rk—53.175 gals wine. 000 lbs bees
wax, 18.216 lbs damiana bark, 300,352 lbs pig
lead. 12.350 lbs dry hides, 1 pkg machinery,
150 bales junk.
To Trinidad Island—7s cs canned salmon.
To Jamaica—26 cs canned salmon and 10 cs
canned fruit.
•
Merchandise for Hawaii.
The shin Hawaiian Isles sailed yesterday i
Ksanapali. Hawaiian Islands, via Kahu- |
lvi. with an assorted cargo, valued at $6004. !
and including 1002 ctls barley. 325 ctls corn, |
4030 lbs bran. 50 bales hay. 1000 lbs bread. |
IKJ6 g-als wine. 30 cs whisky. 53 cs canned j
good?. 10 bbls salmon. 4?5 lbs dried fruit, !
803 gals yin-gar, 900 lbs salt, 2050 lbs lard, j
2 bbls 8 cs baking powder. 15 <-s table prepar- j
ations. 312 lbs hams. 22,024 ft lumber. 500 j
bbls lime. 8 bales paper. 00 bxs soap. 3 cs
dry goods 18 pkgs mill work. 300 cs coal oil,
and 16 pkgs pipe and fittings.
The bark Andrew Welch sailed for Honolulu
yesterday with an assorted merchandise cargo, i
valued at $29,886 and including the following:
230 bbls flour, 8356 ctls barley. 206 ctls wheat,
427 ctls corn. 4131 bales hay, 113.763 lbs bran,
66.410 lbs middlings, 15.750 lbs salt, 2517 lbs j
bread, 2575 gals wine, 662 gals vinegar, 10.350 !
lb* lard. 30 pkgs paste, 50 cs pickles, 10 cs j
table preparations, 5 cs canned goods, 00,000 .
bricks. 35 bdls brooms, 81 coils rope, 200 bxs
soap. 10 bbls tar. 4 bales twine. 15 rolls |
leather, 11 rolls paper, 5 cs paints. 250 cs 5 |
bbis oils. 25 cs matches, 50 cs candles, 10 cs i
plow.-, 4 CO dry goods, 3 bdls 60 pcs oars,
8 pkgs machinery. 12 cs boots and shoes.
The bark Amy Turner sailed yesterday for I
Hilo with cargo valued at $27,356. The fol- I
lowing were the principal shipments: 370 ,
bl!s flour, 202 ctls wheat. 864 ctls barley, 660
bales hay. 77 ctls corn, 25,614 lbs middlings.
13,771 lbs bran, 7126 lbs beans. 11.500 lbs
salt. .1698 lbs sugar. 202.500 lbs rice. 17 crts .
onions. 135 crts potatoes, 2610 lbs bread, 11
cs table preparations, 213 cs canned goods.
30 casks be<=r. 1497 gals 19 cs wine, 10 cs
mineral w.«ter, 24 pkgs groceries and provi
sions. 886 lbs cheese. 2100 lbs lard, 76 pkgs
paste. 2040 lbs codfish, 1335 lbs ham and
ba<*on, 1100 bbls lime, 500 cs coal oil, 28.000
bricks. 550 gals distillate, 75 cs gasoline. 3500
lbs tobacco, 6 cs cigars and cigarettes, 300 bxs
soap. 33 pkgs paper. 14 pkgs paints. 1570 ft
hardwcod, 248 pkgs wagon material, 25 cs
candles. 13 pkgs machinery. 15 pkgs plumbing
material. 43 nkgs matches. 5 cs boots and
shoes. 400 pcs sewer pipe. 208.000 lbs fertilizer, j
24 ukgs sewing machines, 1 pkg leather, 1
bale duck.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the'
Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, JANUARY 8.
Sun rises 7:25
Sun sets 6:08
Moon sets 8:12 p. m.
O Time jTime] ITimel ITlme
v Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft.
* . H TV I L. TV H W L TV
8 ! 2:11' 4.8!. 6:481 3.1112:381 5.11 7:26; 0.0
9 2:49) 4.8) 7:41 3.1 1:24 4.7! 8:02 0.4
10 I 3:23! 4.8 8:37 3.1l 2:13 4.3 8:37 0.8
LI ) 4:00! 4.81 »:40| 2.91 3:06 3.9! 9:181 12
12 ! 4:36! 4.9)10:451 2.6] 4:12 3.6ll0:06| 1.7
L3 I 5:14! 4.9 11:381 2.3 5:37 3.4!10:58l 2.1
14 5:60' 5.0»12:3l! 1.8 : 6:58! 3.5 11:49| 2.4
I NOTE —In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
' day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
| fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day except when there are but three tides, as
' sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
i addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—>
! sign precedes the height, and then the number
i given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Tfme*Ball.
i
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
January 7, 1906.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
l. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. 8. N.. in charge.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. JANUARY 8, 1905.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due. j
M. Dollar San Pedro 'Jan. 8
Horner Grays Harbor Jan. S :
Arctic Hv.mboldt |Jan. 8
Columbia Portland & Astoria I Jan. 9 j
Breakwater... Coos Bay IJan. !)
State Cal \ Fan Diego A Way Pts.lJan. t |
Pomona I Humboldt |Jan. 9
Pel Norte i Crescent City IJan. 9!
Newburg I Grays Harbor IJan. 10 I
Porno ! Point Arena A Albion.. i Jan. 10 ,
Cascade I Grays Hnfbor Jan. 10
U. Lfnda.'jcr.. i Grays -Harbor Jan. 10
Kutveka Humboldt Jan. 11
Areata ;Coos Bay A Pt. OrfordlJan. 11 I
I'matilia Puget Sound Ports 'Jan. 11 j
Coos Bay San Pedro A Way Pts.lJan. 11 1
Rainier I Seattle A Bellingham.. |jan. 11 j
City Panama..] New Yr.rk via Ancon.|Jan. 11 |
F. Kilburn Portland A Coos Bay..IJan. 11 I
Santa Rosa... San Diogo A Way Pts. Jan. 12
Corona Humboldt Jan. 12,
Point Arena. . Mendocino A Pt. Arena. Jan. 12
Centralia Grays Harbor Man. 12
Dor i e China A Japan Jan. 12:
Efetej | r.se Kilo JJan. 13
G. W. K!.:er.. Portland A Astoria iJan. 14
Santa Cruz. ..: San P"lro A Way Pts. Jan. 15
Queen Pwtei Sound Ports ;Jan. 16
Jpanle Seattle A Tacoma iJan. H
Alameda Honolulu 'Jan. 17 ■
Assuan Hamburg A Way Pts. Jan. 17
Pf,ru New York via Ancon.. Jan. 1*
Aurelia Portland A Astoria Jan. IS
TO SAIL.
. '
Steamer. Destination. j Sails.! Pier.
1 j I
January 8.
Norwood Seattle direct 1 5 pmlPler 2 ;
Iaqua... v .. Astoria A Portland! 2 pmPier 2'
Redondo Astoria A Portland! 4 pmlPier 2 :
San Pedro... Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2 !
Elizabeth.. .jCoqullle River i 5 pm'Pler 20 ;
Aurelia Astoria A Portland 4 pmjPler 27 i
Czarina Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
Saxonla Hamburg A Way.. 9 amiPler 19
South Bay.. Grays Harbor *12 miPier 27
('. Nelson... Humboldt | 2 pnrPier 20 :
Corona Humboldt (1:30 plPler 9 I
S- Rosa San Diego A Wayl 9 am!Pler 11 1
Eureka Humboldt ) 9 am Pier IS 1
January 9. (
J. Higgins.. Eos Angeles Pts. .. 11 amiPier 2;
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pmlPler 10
Chebalil |Grays Harbor ! 3 pmlPier 2
Vanguard...; Humboldt j 5 pmlPier 27
Al»0 Eel River Ports...| 4 pm Pier 2 |
January 10. I
Samoa .Los Angeles Pts... <10 am'Pier 2;
G. Dollar... Seattle direct i 4 pmiPier 20 i
China China A Japan 1 1 pmiPier 40 j
City Pueb'.a.I Puget Sound Ports, jll am Pier 9
S. Cruz |San Pedro A VVay.! 9 am'Pier 11 i
January 11. | ■
Centennial. .(Seattle A Tacoma.! 6 pm'Pier 20
Homer Grays Harbor j iPier 2 •
Pomona | Humboldt ll:30p|Pier 9
Sequoia j Willapa Harbor 112 .m'pier 20,
Arctic I Humboldt | 9 am'Pier 2 i
Breakwater.'Coos Bay direct I 5 pmlPler 8 1
January 18. I I
Centralia... |Iy5s Angeles Pts... 10 amiPier 10 j
State of Cal.iSan Diego A Way.I 9 amjpier 11
Porno IPt. -Arena A Albion! 6 pm|Pler 2 I
Sierra ! Sydney A Way Pts.i 2 pmlPier 7
Columbia...! Astoria & Portlandjll am|Pier 24 |
January 13.
S. Barbara. Grays Harbor j 4 pm Pier 1ft '
Areata :coos B. A Pt. OrfdltO amjpier 13 i
G. Lindauer. Grays Harbor ' 4 pm Pier — |
January 14. I I
Point Arena.| Point Arena j 4 pm|Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro A Wav.J 9 amiPler 11
Acapulco... N. Y. via Ancon.-.'12 m Pier 40 ;
F. Kilburn.. Portland A WavJ 4 pm Pier "7 1
Rainier Seattle A Bllnghm! 4 pm Pier 20 '
Newburg... Grays Harbcr | 4 pm Pier 10
i I January 15. j
I'matilia Puget Sound Port*. Ill amiPier 9 I
January 17.
G. W. Eider.. Astoria A Portland;!! amjPler 24 j
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. ( Destination. | Sails.
Rarnona | Skagway A Way Ports. [Jan. 10 I
Portland Seldovia A Way PortsJJan 10 !
Farallon Skagway A Way Ports.i.Ian. 13 !
Cottage City.. | Skagway A Way Ports.Uan 14 I
Excelsior | Valuez A Way Ports..|Jan. 1« |
Santa Clara.. i Valdez A Seward IJan 24
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. January 7. !
Strr.r CharleE Nelson, Christianson, 33 hours
from San Pedro.
Stmr Shasta, Hansen, 36 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr National City, Hammer. 14 hours from
Russian Landing.
Stmr Edith, Ha!!, 6 days 5 hours from Co
mox.
Stmr San Pedro, Jacobs, 37 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Lakme, 6 days from Eureka, in
disabled condition. In tow tug Sea Rover
Stmr Westport, Swanson. 18 hours from
Westpor t.
Stmr Vanguard, Odland, 23 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr Newark, Johnson. 14 hours from Bix
bys Landing.
Tug Sea Rover, Thompacon, from sea, with I
disabled stmr Eakme in tow.
CLEARED.
Saturday, January 7.
Ger »tmr Saxonia, Hoppe, Hamburg and
way ports; J. D. Spreokels A Bros. Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego and
way oorts; P C S S Co
(•'Imr Corona. Gielow. Eureka; P C S S Co
Stmr Curacao. Paulsen, Guaymas: PCS
S Co.
Stmr City or Para. Brown, Ancon, via Mex
ican and Central American ports; P M S S Co.
Park Amy Turner. Warland, Hilo; Welch
A Co.
Bark Andrew Welch, Drew, Honolulu;
Welch A Co
SAILED.
Saturday. January 7. (
Stmr Empire, Burtis, Coos Bay.
Stmr George W. Elder. Randall, Astoria.
Stmr City of Para, Brown, Ancon, via Mex
ican and Central American ports.
Stmr Curacao. Paulsen, Guaymas and way
ports.
Ship Hawaiian, Mallett. Kaanapall.
Fr bark Marechal de Villars, Rtoual, Mel
bourne
Bark Amy Turner, Warland, Hilo.
Bark Andrew Welch. Drew. Honolulu
Schr Olga, Waldwick. Portland.
SPOKEN.
Dec 6—In lat 56 south, long 70 west, Br
•hip Naiad, hence Sept 10, for Liverpool.
Dec 14—In lat 25 south, long 39 west, Ger
bark Magdalene, from Shields, for San Fran
cisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
JUNEAU—Arrived Jan 6—Stmr Portland,
from Seattle.
SANTA BARBARA—Sailed Jan 7—Stmr I
Santa <'ruz. for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG—Arrived Jan 7—Stmr James I
6. Higgins, h> nee Jan 6.
EXAMINATIONS
FOR OFFICERS
Last week the examination of officers
of the National Guard of California in
the jurisdiction of the Second Brigade
was actively begun before Colonel
Hayes of the Fifth Infantry and Cap
tain Margo, members of the examining
board. The officers examined were:
Lieutenant Colonel McCreagh of the
First Infantry and Lieutenant Colonel
Bush, Smith, Haven and Eggert. Mc-
Julliard of the Fifth, Majors Foulter,
Creagh and Eggert were for examina
tion as to their qualifications for the
position to which each was recently ad
vanced, and they as well as the others
were examined in everything from
definitions to and including advance
and rear guard work.
To each officer there was submitted
I a series of written questions, and each j
j was required to furnish a written re- \
l ply to every question. This was j
jan innovation in the matter of exam- |
; inations and it was found not so easy j
as answering orally, but at the explra- j
j tion of two hours and a half each of- j
| fleer handed in his signed answers and
j these will be considered by the board,
j It was an extraordinary task for some
of the officers and there are a number
who are very anxious to know if their
answers were correct. The answers .
must conform to the new drill regula- j
tions. which are different in many re- j
spects from those used in the past. j
Division Inspector Koster was pres
ent during the session, and at the close j
of the work was the host at a supper j
for the wearied officers.
Captain H. G. Mathewson, who for |
four years has been in command of
Company D, First Infantry, has been j
appointed adjutant of the First Infan
try by Colonel Filmer, vice John J. |
, West, who at his own request has been i
j placed on the retired list. Captain
| Mathewson has been in the guard since ,
i 18t<5 and served with the California |
I Volunteers in the Philippines.
Colonel Filmer will retain Captain j
j Choynski as quartermaster and Cap- I
i tain Adler as commissary of the regi- j
j ment; also Rev. J. P. McQuaide as j
I < haplain.
i The site at Glen Park for a shooting
| range has been accepted and it is being j
I put in condition for the troops. It will
be ready by the end of the current i
I month.
Cc-lonel Thomas F. O'Neil, Lieutenant :
I Colonel J. F. Connolly and Captain J. !
J. West, all of the First Infantry have, i
!at their personal request, been placed j
,on the retired list by order from head- ;
quarters. The order simply announces i
j the retirement and gives the service of j
! each, but does not say a word of praise
for the service these officers during a
! period of twenty years rendered to the
! State or for that which they rendered
ito the country while serving in the
Philippines. '
i More than three months ago the ar- J
i mory of Company G, Fifth Infantry, at
i Alameda, was destroyed by fire and the
j company lost all its equipment, which
las yet has not been replaced,
j Major Wilhelm, U. S. A., retired will *
i before the middle of the current month
; begin an inspection of the guard of
the State under instructions from the
War Department. It is not known
i whether an inspection will be held at
; the same time by the State inspector, i
PORT HARFORD—SaiIed Jan 6, midnight— '
Tug Sea King, with barge Santa Paula in tow,
for San Francisco.
MONTEREY —Sailed Jan «—Stmr Rosecrans,
for Honolulu.
SEATTLE—Arrived Jan 7—Stmr Santa Aha. ,
from sea. disabled.
Arrived .lan 6—Stmr Asuncion, hence Jan 2. i
REDONDO—Arrived Jan 7—Stmr Bee, from |
Astoria.
Sailed Jan 7—Schr R. W. Bartlett, for Ta- ,
coma.
HARDY CREEK—Sailed Jan 6—Stmr Marsh- i
field, for S?.n Pedro.
POINT REYES—Passed Jan 7—Stmr Marsh
■eld, from Hardy Creek, for San Pedro.
Passed Jan 7, 11:50 a m—Stmr Robert Dol
lar, from Redondo. for Seattle.
SAN PEDRO —Sailed Jan 6—Bktn Skagtt.
for Port Gamble; schr Wilbert L Smith, for I
Vancouver. B. C. Jan 7—Bktn J. L. Eviston, I
for Columbia River.
Arrived Jan 7—Stmr Santa Barbara, hence
Jan 5; stmr Francis H. Leggett, hence Jan
5: stmr Northland, hence Jan 5.
Sailed Jan 7—.Stmr MelvTlle Dollar, for San ;
Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU -Sailed Jan 7—Br stmr Doric,!
for Sar. Francisco.
Sailed Jan 7—Ger hark Primus, for .
EASTER.N PORTS.
NEW YORK—Arrived Jan 6—Stmr Orizaba,
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA —Arrived Jan 3—Stmr Lyra,
from Tacoma.
Sailed Jan 4—Stmr Pleiades, for Seattle.
Sailed Jan 7—Stmr Manchuria, for San
Francisco, direct.
PORT SAlD—Passed Dec 26—Br stmr Ty
deus, from Liverpool for Seattle, via China."
GUAYMAS— Sailed Dec 24—Ger bark An
tigone, for Port Townsend.
NEWCASTLE. Aus—Sailed Jan s—Nor stmr j
Skuld. for Guayaquil.
MO.ll—Sailed Jan 3—Stmr Shawmut, for !
Tacoma.
HONGKONG—Arrived prior Jan 7—Br stmr
Algoa, hence Dec 31.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PLYMOUTH —Arrived Jan 7—Stmr St.
Loots, from New York.
NEW YORK—Arrived Jan 7—Btmr Lu
eanla, from Liverpool. < Anchored outside
Sandy Hook bar at 4:25 a m on account of fog.)
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Hyh-firaoV—
A splendid
>4V \ value and of
\ fine work
\ m a n a hip.
Pearl handle
and strongly
made: blades of beat razor steel.
HAVE YOU AN OLD RAZOR?
Bring It to me. I will make you a
liberal offer for it toward a new one. I
have good razors as low as fjl.OO.
STAR SAFETY RAZOR is regularly
priced at $2.00. I sell it for only 51.2.V
GILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR require*
no honing or stropping. Always ready for
use. Price SIS.OO
SHOPPING BAGS AT ONE-HALF REGU
LAR PRICES.
Out-of-town orders promptly attended to.
THAT HAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
1008 MARKET ST.. opp. Fifth, S. F.
{■USEUI OF ANATOMY
A 10«llUSaTlt.t»t.tt.*7tt,B.r.0al. i I
\ ™F Th« Laiaa* Aaalaaaitnl Mm—m ia tha
Q Ma-fnfci War id. wntaum *r kuy caairactcd , I
T WBmWm diMSM BMMeMvsly rarW hy th* e!dt:i
flj fJBHI Spedaiiat a* tka Caaae. B»l 56 ;un. I I
4 Isttl W - JtRBAIr—IItiASES OF MEN, I
\ I faflbWl Coaaalasdaa era* and r»y prlvsn.
at fl mWZ M. Traatmam pirnaal'T ar b» letter. Ai I
f I JTBkf ■»■«*•* An la ovary ease fandarktkas.
Jiff il# Wmefar a M k.pwteieriT.f I
■7 *fl aw ■&■)•■**>■, masLsn raan. u 1
1 I I -aiuable bwk far sies) \
SAYS IT BURNS
ALL GARBAGE
The Sanitary Reduction Works at j
Fifth and De Haro streets is working '
night and day to dispose of the accu- |
niulated garbage caused by the walk- j
ing out of the fifty men employed in the !
plant who refused to submit to the in- I
troduction of a time clock. The places
of the strikers have been filed with a
force of new men, and the heaps of
rubbish are rapidly disappearing.
Andrea Sbarboro, president of the
works, said yesterday that all the
garbage was being taken care of and
incinerated at the plant, and that the j
new men were satisfactorily filling the
places of the old hands.
Mounted police of Captain Spillane's j
command an? constantly on the alert J
to prevent the surreptitious dumping of !
rubbish around the plant by scaven- j
gers seeking to dispose of their cart- j
loads. In the vicinity of the works are |
heaps of rubbish .dumped there on the 1
day the scavengers were given permis- j
sion to do so, and these heaps »are ;
slowly rotting and Tilling the air with |
a stench that makes Chinatown smell i
sweet and clean in comparison.
The striking men are to be seen j
around the works and claim that not !
all the garbage in the city is being
burned. They say that only 60 per cent i
of the drivers are carting rubbish to >
the works, while the remaining 10 per
cent are dumping garbage in vacant
lots throughout the city. This is strenu
ously denied by the superintendent of
the works.
The men also assert that two nun- j
dred men are taking the place of the i
fifty strikers, in order to expedite the \
works, but that the reduced matter, .
dumped into the cars, which should j
v onsist of only, is filled with un
incinerated matter. They further allege
that owing to the employment of :n- ,
skilod men the garbage men are being
charged on an average of 40 c<*nts a
cubic yard, which is double the price
agreed to by the works.
Woman Bicyclist Knocked Down. i
Kate Anderson of 817 Van Ness
avenue, while guiding her bicycle j
along Polk street yesterday, was
knocked down by a northbound Polk- j
street car at Bush street crossing. Po
liceman O'Sullivan, who was a pas
senger on the car. had the young lady j
Sent to the Emergency Hospital,
where Dr. Kucich found that she was
suffering from a concussion of the !
brain and a deep lacerated wound on j
the left side of the head.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
m
Heat your
office at
once
This weather causes pneu
monia, grippe, colds, etc. If
your stenographer, book
keeper or clerk gets sick, lays
off for one day, it loses more
money for you tha:i a dozen
heaters cost. Then, too, how
about yourself? Isn't your
own health of some value ?
We can warm any office,
store or house quickly
and economic-lily with
GAS
Phone Exchange 8 for
our expert. Don't wait
to write. Quick action
our style. x
the Gus sm
415 Post, St,.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
_ygyr fs*6v Steamers of company, or
y£W22-3»*X for which it is agent, leave
X#\ 9 and 11. San Fran
ll Ywa»\ 1 I For Ketchikan, Wrangel.
1 I \f*Ws|aV/ I Juneau. Ttcadwell. Hatne?
\ap\ \\ ~ VSI Skaguay. etc.. Alaska—ll a
m • Jan - s - 10 > 15 « »>■ 2 »- 30 -
Ft,b - *■ t-hangc to this com-
ran>'s steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver. Port Townsend.
Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. South Belllngham.
Bellingham—ll a. m.. Jan. 5. 10. 15, 20. 28. 30,
Feb 4. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seaitl*
o: Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)-Pomona, 1:30
p. m., Jan. 5. 11, 1". 23, 29. Feb. 4. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Jan. 2. 8, 14. 20. 26. Feb. I.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angelea (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon
terey, San Bimeon, Cayucos, Port* Harford (San
Luis Obispo) Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m. Jan. 6, 14. 22, 30, Feb. 7.
Santa Cruz (freight only), 9 a. m., Jan. 2
10. 18. 26.
For Ensenada. Magdalene Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, AUata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia.
Guaymas <Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each month
For further information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates
TICKET OFFICES—4 New Montgom
ery st.(Palace Hotel), 10 Market St.. and Broad
way wharves. Frelsrnt Office, 10 Market at,
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st, San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st.. will
cell for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange Sl2.
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney. Thurs., Jan. 12, 1905, 2 p. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Jan. 21. 11 am
S. 8. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Feb. 7. 11 a.m.
J.r.SPRECKILS* BROS, CO., A£tB.,TiGttet 01C8643 |t>
let. rrclgut omc3 327 Market 31. Pier 7, Paclli .:.
00MPA9ME OSNERALE TRANBATLANTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE—PARIS. jjjw
Sailing every Thursday instead of ewBH
Saturday, at 10 a.m.. from Pier 42,
North River, foot of Morton at.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Sec
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI ft tX>.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Ticket* sold by ail Railroad Ticket Agents
For V. 8. Vary Yard and Vallejo.
Stre. General Friable, Montlcello end Arrow,
9:45 a.m., 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m., 0 p.m., 8:30
p.m.; Sundays. 9:46 a.m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p m.,
8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo. 7 a.m.. 9 a.m., 12:30
p.m., 3:16 p.m. (*6:46 p.m. Saturday). 6 p.m.
Sundays. 7 a.m., 9 ajn., 3:20 p.m., « p.m. Pier
2, foot Mission St.; phone Main 1506. HATCH
BROS.
AD V
WE CURE MEN
FOR. $12.50
We Will Cure Any Single Ailment, Except Rupture and Blood Poison, for
$12.50 for the Fee Until February Ist.
OTHERS MAY TREAT; BUT WE CURE
not now? Refuse to suffer longer on promisee of others.
\Aftf f*! ID \7 We Cover Entire Field
WMU \j\JJ\X* of Special and Chronic,
Lost, Vitality Deep-Seated, Complicated
(According to age) 40 to CO days. I Diseases.
c_ __• l TAteo/icoc -**W*fcw earnestly desire baring all
OpeClOl 1/ISeaseS jf discouraged sufferers and men
(Recently contracted) 7 days f contemplating having them-
Vfll*iCOCele / Hail selves cured of any of th» dls
, m rr. ti - - mm eases we treat pay us a per
(Without an operation) 10 to SO m mm
days. Jsff Of* -.JP* sonal visit or writ* us regard -
D#%s«<%sv I / tl) ,n X tnel r condition. Do not
BlOOd I*OISOH \ fa) V hesitate because you hare failed
'No mercury or potash) 30 to 90 *)T t0 receive a cure m treating
mmmm daJ j n , / Wltn your famn y phyatolaß OT
Kldl\ey Al\d Bladder . \ >A doctors who pose as specialists:
_ ✓ X. V seek medical attention from a
TrOllbieS 7\ physician who thoroughly un
„ L\ / demands your case and can
(Either acute or chronic) 16 to 40 JH / • cure you safely, quickly and
days. 1 " x permanently.
NOT A DOLLAR NEED
BE PAID UNTIL CURED
Ton do not pay us until you are satisfied and you are restored to health. Oan wo say
more? V'4j n:av consult us free of charge and get cur opinion without cost to you. Call and
I*4 us explain our methods of-treatment. Wo cure VARICOCELE. HYDROCELE, RUP
TURE. STRICTURE, PROSTATIC AILMENTS and ALL DISEASES OP MEN.
vP£P!M iIIQCAQPQ Newly contracted and chronic cases cured. All burning, itching and
v/iLuIAL 'JIOLAjLO inflammation stopped In -i hours; cures effected In seven days.
Many men no donbt hesitate to oonsnlt ns on account of having- been de
ceived by dishonest, unskilled specialists, and nerhaps have become so skep
tical as to think there is no cure for them, but we want an opportunity to
treat lust such men. and it makes no difference whether yon hare a dollar ox
not. as we never accept pay for our services until we accomplish a our* If
there is any doubt about the case being curable by onr methods.
Write, if you cannot call. All correspondence strictly confidential and all replies sent
in :>la:n «nvcMones. Inclose two-cent stamp to insure reply.
DR. HOLSMAN & CO.
729 Market Street, S. F.
Top Floor. Hours> oto 8 Daily. Sundays, gto is.
|ciiICAGO T |N 3 DAYS!
I LEAVES DAILY ATOISOA M ■
ER6 AMD OLEEPgRSast
Other Santa Fe Trains:
7:30 a. m.
9:30 a. m. } For Stockton Fresno, Bskersfield,
S:0Op. m. J Merced. Hanford and Visalla.
4:00 p.m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices—64l Market at, and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco: also HIS Broadway, Oak
land. Cal.; also 27 South Ist, San Jose.
CALIFORNIA hOKTIiWESTfiKiV RY. CO.
Tiburon Perry, Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL
WEEK DATS—7:3O, 0.00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:d5.
3:80. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays—Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays—Kxtra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS—B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5 00. «:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FBANOXSCO.
WEEK DAI is—ti:oC>, 7:36, 7:50, 9:20, 11:15,
a. m.; 12:50, 3:4t», 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays—Kxtra trip at 2:05 and 0:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS—B:OO. 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:05. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. I Oct. 2. 1904. | San Fran.
"week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- | Week
Days. I days. I tlon, I days. \ Days.
7:80 a| BtOOnl 9:10 a| 8:40 a
19:30 a Ignacio. 10:40 a,10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p <«:OC. p| 6:20 p
r, 10 pj s:oo_pJ 'J.? B .?
7:3on| 9:10 a 8:40 a
S:00a Novato, 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:SOp 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 F 3:30 p and 7:33*p
6:00 p Santa Rosa.
7-Seal j jl0:40a)10:20a
8:00 a Fultcn. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30p|3:30p| I I I
Windsor, I
7:30 a 8.00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville, 7:35 p. 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
"7 30 ai" BTob"a| HopYnnd 110:40 a] 10:20 a
3:.".0p| 3:3op| and UUiah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
i j \Villits and J
7:30 a! 8:C0a! Sherwood. | ""j3Bjp| «:20^p
7:Soa| 8:0»a! 110:40 n[lo:2on
3:30 p| 3:30 p( Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 pal
al Sonoma. I 9:10 at 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 pj Glen Ellen. | 6josp|_«-20P
7-nonl 8:00 V| 110:40 ajfo:2o a
3:30 pi 3:30 p| Sebaetopol. |7:35p|6:20p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
OuYntin- at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
snrines 'anu Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Skaggs
«nrinzs- at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone
"fn" ,n',i Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
fiLr?n«s Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
Soringa Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
«frtn« and Lake County Hot Springs; at
f. p " h (or Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs,
ii. rukes Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
?l«r Lake Porno, Potter Volley, John Day s,
Di P J£side Llerty'J, BucknelFs. Sanhedrln
S»irhts Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs. Halfway
mo fse Comptche. Hcpklns, Mendocino City.
affJi Braa* Westport and Usal; at WilllU for
ir*Vt Bragg! Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
f«. r»hto Covelo, Laytcnville. Cummings.
««n-«T Springs, Harris, Hubbard, Fruitland.
Dyer Garbervllle. Camp 5. Pepperwood, Scotia
* n Saturtlay a to Monday round-trip ticket* at re
dUd On sTrnd'ay-Round-trlp tickets to all points
Chronic..
bU JAS n 'i- FRAZIER. ".f*** (
Gen. Manager. Pen Paae Agt.
Etc
V
Tia Sannallto Ferry
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, daily, at t7:0B.
7 45 8 25. 9:10. 9:50. 11:00 a, m.; 12:20, 1:46,
tllft! 4:35. 5.16, 5:50, 6:30. 7:16. 10:15 and
li - 35 P- ni- .
Arrive at San Francisco daily, at t6:40. |
7.4 V s-15, 8:50. 9:35. 10:50 a. m.; 12:10, 1:30. j
2:55.' 4 25, 5:05, 5:42. 0:22, 6:57, 7:40 and 11:26
p. m.
tDailv except Sunday.
For Fairfax dally, at 7:48 a. m.: also Satur
days at 3:15 p. m., and daily except Saturday
and Sundsy at 5:16 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. daily—Cazadert and way station*.
8:16 p. m„ Saturdays only—For Casadero,
et 6:l6 p. m. daily, except Saturday and Sun
flay for Tomale*. etc.
TICKET OFFICE —650 Market at.
FERRY—Union Depot, foot of Market st.
MEN AND WOMEN.
m mu WCVa£» m m m \ Use Big « for nnnatursi
|a 1 to S discharges,lnflammation*.
mWm OaaraalMd W Irritation* or ulceration*
|*n nettaMrlMn.• of mucous msmfcransa.
Ea T**.*" Pain'.ees, and not aatria-
RnVrMfEVARSCKZMK4LC6. gent or poi.onoui.
lesm eiRRIIUTI.6M| I Sold by B>rsicsrletn
U.tl> m wr or tent in plain wrapper.
PT «xpr«**, prepaid, fee
\*J Wjfm tl 00. or S betUes t3.75.
■ CI res Jar east eta teaosst,
Twnf at lewew easel «m «*•
j to »rri at
Lk^^2j BAN FRANCISCO.
Ooroaaa a, let*.
Finer Dnrwe
fToot of Market Street.)
M.ATH - MAIN LINE. -asmts
7.00 a Vacavllle. Winter*. Rainnj.. 7.60*
7 00a Benlrla, Klmiraana B»cramento.. 7-20P
? Soa YaUeJo. Napa, Calletoga, Sent*
Rdm. Martinez. San Hainan • 20*
1 30a Nile*. rr»' y. l.Rthrop, Stockton.... 7.80*
8 00a Shut* Exprei* — (Vie Deri* >.
William*. Willows, tfroto. Red
Bluff. Portland. Tacoma, Seattle 7-90*
• 00a Dnvit. vrooo'and. Knights Landlnfc
Marysvllle. Orovllie 7 SO*
■ ■30* Martinez. Antiock Byron, Tracy.
Stocktoa, Newman, Lot Banes,
Mendota. Arm on a. Han ford,
Vl*»lt». "ortervllle 4.7w*
• 30a Port Coda. ModeatO. Merced,
Fresno. GMbcn Junction, Han
ford, Visalia. BakersOeld * SO*
8 30 a Nlles. San Jose. Livermore, Stock
ton. (*Mllton>. Ivne, Sacramento. .
MaryarMe. Chlco. Red Blafl .... * 20S>
t 30 a Oakdalc. Chinese. Jamestown, te
nors. Ttiolatruir and Angela S"?s*
9 00a Atlantic Express—Ogdee and Kan. 6 20a>
9 30a Richmond. Marlines end Way _,„
Stations HP
10O0A The Overland Limited — "gdeo.
Omaha. Chicago, Denver. Kansas
CliT. St. Louie.. _ .1 ?9»
10 00a Vallejo ..... M-tm*
10.00 a Loi Angeles Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez, Pyron. Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton, Merced,
Raymond. Fresno. Goshen June,
tlon, Hsnford, Lemoore, VI sail a.
Bakeralleld, Los Angeles 7.20*
12 00m Hay ward, Nlles and Way Station*. 3-20*
tIOOp Sacramento River Steamers tal.OO*
3- 30P Beolcia. Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Maryiviiie. Oroviiie and wee;
stations 10S0»
3 30p Hay ward, Nllee end Way Stations.. 7.60*
% JDp Port Costa, Msrtli.ez, Kvron-Tracy.
Laturop, Stockton, Modesto.
Merced, Berende. Fresno ana
Way Stations beyond port Costa 12.20*
d OOP Martinez.Snn Itumen,ValleJo,Mepe,
Callstcg*. Santa Roae. 920 a
4 OOP Nlles. Tracy. Stockton 10 20a
4.JOP Hay ward. Niles, lrrlagtoa. Seal 18-60*
Jose. Livermore ) tll.SOa
6OOP Tee owl Limited—Newman, Lee
BHnoa. Mendoia. Fresno, Tulare,
HakeraOeld. Los Anselee m 860*
It 30p Hayward, Nile* and ban Jose 7.20 a
• -OOP Wayward. Klles and San Jose tVMat
• OOP Eastern Express-Omaha, Chicago.
Denver, Kan us City, St. Loam,
Martinez. Stockton. Sacrament*
Colfax. Keao. Sparks, MaateU*
Ogden . .... tt.tfJp
•.OOP Vallejo, daily, except Sunday.... I , M
7 OOP Vallejo. Bunday only f *«S*np
7- COp Rlehmoßd, Han Pablo, Port Costa,
Martinet and Way Stations 11-20*
I-00p Bono Passenger—Port Ootta, B*»
nicta, Sulsns, 'Klmira. Dixon,
Davis. Sacramento. Spark*. Tons,
pah. Heeler and Way Stations... 7.54U
••05* Oregon a California Express—San
ram en to, Mary.vllle, Bedding,
Portland. Puget Soane and East. 1.60 a
4.18* Eayward, Nile* and San Joae (San*
day only) .. 11.60 a
COAST LINE i. Marrow Usage).
(Foot »f Mar/et Street.)
•-16 A Newark. Centervilie, San Jose.
Felton, Bonlder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way StatloM 6 65*
H.I6P Newark Centervilie. Sea Jose,
New Alrcaden.Los Oatos.Feltoev
Boulder Creek, Santa Crna and
Principal Way Stations 110 56a
4.16p Newark. Ben Jose, Los Gates.. n t §"f| A
•sf .30* Hooters' Train (Saturday enly)—
San Jose and Way Station* t7-2S*
COAST LINE (Broad GaagoL
XV (Third sad 'fowasend Streets.)
*f-10a San Jo*e snd Way Stations. QB
7 00a San Joae and Wny Stations 6 40*
B.OCa New Almaden (Tne*., Frld.. only). 4 10*
40a The Coaiter—Ban Jote, Salinas,
San Ardo, Paso Roble*. Santa
Margarita, San Lots Obispn,
Guadalupe, Gavtota, Santa Bar>
bare, San Buenaventura, Moa
ts! vo. Oxnard. Bur bank. Lee
Angeles. tO SB*
B-MAOllroy. Holliater. Castrovtile, Del
Monte, Faclflc Grove, B<irf,M,oa>
•.00a 6sn Jose. Tres Plnos.WaUonvftle,
Cepttola, Santa Crux, Par i lie
Grove. Sallnaa, Ban Luis Obltpe
and Principal Way Station*. .„ 4.18*
10 30a Ban Jose and Way Station*. 1 20 *
11 30a San Jose and Way Station* 7.30*.
2 16p Ban Joae and Way Station* ... .... 8 36a
<-••* Dei Monte Express—fianta Clem,
" San Joae, Watsonvllle, Santn
Cruz, Del Monte, Monterey,
Paclflc Grove , 12 16*
tf-00p Los Gatos, Wright, Bonlder Creek.
Santa Crux, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge t1 0.46 a
I-30P Valencia St., Snut* San Francisco,
Barllngame, San Jose, Gllroy.
Hoi lister. Tree Ptnot i o 45 .
4- SOp Sen Jose aad Way Stations tS OOa
•6-OOp Santa Clara, San Joae. Lot Gatos,
and principal Way Stations (ex
cept Sander) tt.Ma
6>.30p San Jo»r«nd Prmclpsl Way Stations M OOa
i 4fp Sanaet Express.—Redwood. Ban
Jose, Gllroy,Salina*,Pa*o Koblee,
Ben Lola Obispo, Santa Barbara,
Lot Angelea, Peinlng. Xt Paso,
Bt.Louls, NewOrlesns, NewTork gin.
6.40* Pajaro, Watsonvllle, Capitols,
eanta Cruz. Castrovtile, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove in tn.
I H-liP bauMaieo,Bere»ford,Belmoni,San
Carloa. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto 18 46a
6 30p San Jose and Way Stations. a x*.
8- COp Palo Alto and Way Station* lOIKa
61 .30p 8 juth San Francisco, M tllbrae. Bar- "
::ngame. Baa Mateo, Belmont,
Ban Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto t« an.
SdJIIOP Mayaeld, Mountain View. Sunny
vale, Lawrence, Sanu Clara and
•an Joae i9X4oe>
' a A for Morning. Ffor Afteraesm.
t •enc»y excepted t Bnnday only
f Saturday only. 6 Monday oafen
tfciops at all atatlon* on ~
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
" Lv. Bas Tramiaoe hssdio*"'"*
P»7«|i^ > 7»_ ii^Sl""
9:B0a £ :50a \H V t:sßp 9:85*
1:4Bp 1:45r
»Tla6rantT Car V lßTaatalgtAWMmTta*
"£fisL \ 650 J^ ARK * T ST.,(North Shore Railroad?
tf mtm. I and Sausauto Faaav, Foot Market sZ.COMMERCIAL mm FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Firs! week's bank clearings larger than last year's.
\et v York stocks rather easy on the day. Cot tor /
Fair trading on the local Stock Exclxanges.
S light variations in Silver and Exchange.
Sugar marked down 10c. Coffee steady.
ft heai and Barley not materially changed. Oats and Corn firm.
' Feedstuffs firm and Hay also showing more strength.
Potatoes and Vegetables firm. Onions weak.,
Asparagus appears from the Sacramento River.
Poultry and Game firm and well cleaned up.
Fresh Fruit market quiet and featureless.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins quiet.
Provisions and Meats as before quoted.
. ictrve tanning demand for sound Hides. Wool cleaned up.
Bank Clearings.
■ Ix>cal bank clearings for tha week just
ended, compared with the corresponding week
•« of last year, show a gain of $370,491. betc*
sSl.9o9.Bl9. against $31,628,828 in 1904. The
clearings during the same week !n 1903 were
*25,757,846.
Cotton Market.
Th* New York wires of E. F. Hutton A Co.
esterdajr said:
"The cotton market is now more two-sided
. and aa a result of the wnek'e developments 1
speculativn sentiment is lean inclined to the >
beax side and in some quarters there has |
.' been a decided modification of extreme bear- I
• isb views. It Is conceded that practically !
everything dependa upon th* spot position and I
the manner in which the South will hold on |
to supplies. Much will depend upon weather j
conditions during the next few months, and
if we are to have wet weather and a late
aprinar it will bring about a pronounced change |
in opinion with regard to the cotton market i
during the summer months and will stimulate i
buying of the summer options by investor* [
«n the ground that the probabilities oi a large 1
yield will be materially reduced. Many be
lieve that prices have already touched bot
tom."
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 7 -Close—Money on caU
• was nominal, no loans.
Time loaiii were easy with sixty and ninety
days at 3tf3% P<=r cent, and *ix months at
• 15%#8% wr cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4©4% per cent.
Suning exchange was steady with actual
bu»in«-s "in bankers" bills at $4 »72.")®4 8765
for demand and a: $4 S49u®4 85 for sixty day
• bills.
Posted ra*es $4 55%54 88
--■ mmerctnl hills. *4 94^6484%-
Bax silver. 60% c
. do.lars, 47% c.
b,*i ds-Co\err«nent, *teady; railroad,
t stei.d:. .
New York Stock IAsU
E. F. Hutton A Co., 490 California atreet.
. Sa" * rancibco, me rubers of , the New York
, Slock Exchange, furnish the following official
quotations of that Exchange:
STOCKS. / ;High,Low.fßrd.j Ask.
Adams Exprsss..; 236 1250
-' " Arnnig Copper...| 74% 173 | 72%f73
' lArasjr Can C 0... 1 11%1 lit, I
Do prefd 1 1 62 | 62%
4.4 «J Amer C A F Co. 33%| 32%j 33 i 33% '
. Dq prefd j | 84 i 94%
m Amer Cotton Oil 34%j 34541 34%j 35
Do prefd 95 i 97
. lAmer IVHst Tel..! | | 38 I 39
Amer Express ..( j i 212 i 213
...Amer G T Co. .j f j 12% 113
, • 4Wramer Hide A L. 10 | 10 ; 10 ! 10%
! l>o prefd [ 1 1 45% i 46% !
stV!Amer Ice I 6%| 6 ( 6%, I
40« i. Do 1 36 \ 37% 37 I3b I
!Amer Linseed.... , 18%! 17%
' Do preld i 3J ] 41
2..|ot> Amer Loco j 35% 34%) 35 | 35%
•;• ' I>u prefd 1106 (104 ,104 !106
JOOtAmer Malt | 7% 7| 7 7%
200, Do pfd J 31% l 31% i 26%j 27
An er S A Ref Cof f I 80%, SO%
• I Do pfd I |112%|113
I.ISO Amer Sugar lU% !10> 4 141 141%
, i Do prefd ( 1 138 |140
........ iAmer T A T C©.|.;...| 146 j149
..(Am T pfd (new),...i. 93% 93%
Amer Woolen... 1..... J 22%) 23
;Do prefd ! j 93%! 93% \
. SOU,Anaconda 108%i105%|106% 108%
Ann Arbor I i 31 j35
...,-.-! Do pfd ........1 j I 68 i 67
2,800] A 1A S Fe....j 87%j 86% l 8«% 88%
Do prefd 101 1100%! 100% 101
0.100 Balto A Ohio. ..104%,103% [103% 104
Do pfd 1 1 i 96 I 96% I
Bay State Gas.l ( j %( % }
e\2ov ; B R T 61 69%! 59%. 50%
' ;Brooklyn Un Gas! | 1208 210
• Hruns DAI ~ 1 | 11% 12
J. 200 Canada Southern 68 j 70%
I.OOu Canadian Pacific,l32 ,131% 131%; 132 \
C A O 48% 47% j 47%! 4SV t !
800 C A A 43 I 42 I 42 ! 42% !
100! Do pfd I 81 180 180 1 83% j
• 5.300 CAG W 123 122 | 22% i 22%
a«W l>o prefd A... 70 89 69% 70
, ' Do D.-efd 8... 36% 36 )
'Do debs 86 '88 I
.. 20 AN W !208 |207 207 |208
•.•OWC M A St P ,172 ;171 171%|171% I
! !>-> prefd . ! 171 6 172
. 6.200 C R I A P new; 36% 36 36%j 36%
200; Do prefd J 84% 84% 84)* 84%
j Do 4* 81% iB2
eOOlChicago Term...! 9% 8% 9 9%
»00; Do prefd , 19 18% 19 19%
• I.3oViChl Ur. Traction 10 9% 0% 10
. • i Do prefd 39 40
JC C C ft St L 91 91%
••■ 2.300) Do prefd 116 115% 115 120
• Cleve Lor ft W 71 80
' Do prefd 102% 110
I.OOOjColo F & Iron.. 46% 45% 46%, 46%
Do prefd 89 I 90
(Coram H C A 1 16% 17
lOOjColo Southern... 22% 22% 22% 123
•• j Do Ist prefd 61%| 62 !
Do 2d prefd 35% 36%.
Con Gas | »196%! 197
„ (Con Top pfd s 120 1130
3001 Corn Products ..'2l 20 20% 21%
• Do prefd ! I 77%! 78
lOOIDeI A Hudson.. '185 1184 )184 !185
[D LAW (345 |346
'D AR G ..#...( 82 32%
200' Do-pfd I 87 !86 186 ' 86%
....... Dee M A Ft D..j ! 24 ! 27
IDetroit Un Ry.! 78 I 78%
(Detroit Southern | 6%! 7
Dr> prefd [ 82 33%
IDtamOnd Match. 137 ;140
lOOlDistll Secur -. -.! 24 j2B 23%
Do bond* I ! 100 '1»2%
Duluth S8 ft j4. ! 12%' 12% !
Do prefd 28 26%
• 18.5001Eri9 40%: 39%: 39% 39%, |
K.OOOi Do Ist prefd .. 78%' 78 !73 78% I
4.700, Do 2d prefd 62% 61%! «t% !
'EAT H I 67 69
I Do pfd - 1 S3 I 88
Ft W A D C..-.; 42 45
; Gen Chemical | 61 66
IDo prefd ! 1 1 10f>% i i02%
200!Ger.eral Electric 187 '187 '187 ISS
SOOiGreat Nor prefd. 1234 !234 |234 ,235
400iGreen C Copper' 25%; 26%| 25 26
IHavana Toh Co. j3O 33
IDo prefd 40 43
lOOiHooking Valley.. 90% 81
600! Do prefd : 93%' 98 j 9.3% 04
• 1,40f' Illir.ols Central..'loe%lss%ils«i,, ltW%
100'lnter Paper .... 22 J22 21% i 21% ,
'Do prefd ' f j 24 j 24%
Inter Power I ««%! 67%
inter Pump 87% i 38%
I Do prefd ! 88 I 88. j
'Icwa Central ...i I I 30 31
tOOf Do pfd ! 58% 56%! 55%! 0«% |
Kanawha A M.. 1 (36 39
40O1K C F S A M pfd| 82%! 82%! 82%1 »2% I
»lOK C Southern..; 27% 27%! 27%; 28 j
200' Do prefd I 52% 51%' 52% 53 ;
'Keokuk AD M ! i 13 !10
' Gas pfd. I I 95 |188 j
'200! Lake E A W... |2C 25 125 £7
Do prefd 93 100
(Long Island ' ! 5% 6
2 500'LftX 1 130%L13*%!139 iISOU
700, Manhattan ;iG«%!l60%!lOC [166%
.'..Manhat Beach... j 10 11
3.4oo'Met Securities.. 77%| 74% 74% 78
■ iP.lOOiMet St Ry i!17%;iJ5%i113%!1!5%
1,800 Mexican Central.! 23% 22% 23% 2.;%
Minn A St L....j 60 ! 00
..... IDo Ist prefd ..] ! 80 92 1
200! M SPABS M! 08 92 92% 94
> Do prefd ! 149 illS
. -800 M X A Texas.--! ' I 31V,1 31% !
IOC! Do rrefd ' BJ% ?2 |32 ' ««
t 9.'Hi:Missouri Poclflc.(lofl%!PVi%ilofi% 10-5%
Nneh C A St L! 13!) 113% !!3S !W2
.'National Lead ..I ! 24% 24T4
! Do prefd I »8% I 08%
iNstional Biscuit! ' 55% 60
> il Do prefd ! : "»
. 206 N -1 Centra! ...1191 1190 190 192
X V Air Brake..l \ 135 t5» 1
. I.OOO'N V r»cntrfil....'lU%!l«-i 144 144%
N V C ft St 1i.1.-...] 1 42 ' 44
' Dc '.d prefd ..I 71 I 80
N V Dock I I ' »
•• NVN hft H,.\ 1 199 1200
»JjN v Cnt A W.I <1 ' 40 I 40.%! 41
RrK: Vor 4 Western. ISO I 79 I 79% 79%
i^L Df ' I"*'d 1..... 1031 90
40©, North American, 101 1100 100 1100%
• Nor Securities ..| [ 1133 1186.
.Oniana *.. |132 jl6l
i Do rrefd i IIS? ! 105
O S I. 4* I jlo4 !104%
(Pacific Coast I j 70 181
Do Ist prefd ..! 100 ,100%
!Do 2d pfd....| ] 1 84%| 8«%
4l«> Pacific Mail j 40%! 45 I 44% 45%
12.000 Perm R R Co ..138 1187%j137%!137% :
Gas ... 106% 106 106% .100% I
tPere Marquette. 1 1 75 !80
j Do prefd ] 70 j 81
PC C4St L I 77 77% j
IDo prefd I jlftt 108 I
SOOiPressed Steel C. 38 37% 37% SSjtt
I Do prefd 90% 9034 ;
, IPullman Car Co 235 !289
; SvOißy Steel Springs 82 32 32 j 82%
i ' Do prefd 93%) 85
i 51.700, Reading ... 82% 81% 81% 81%.
| 200; Do Ist prefd .. 192 91 91%' 92
! 200| Do 2d prefd .. 83 84 84%! 85
i OOOjßepubllc S & 1.1 17 16 16 j 16% \
4001 Do prefd j 65% 67% C 8 !09
I ;Rubber Goods ..[ 26%1 27
' 100! Do prefd | 95 95 j96 | 05% j
I (Sloes SS A I Co. : 61% 83
I i Do prefd 98 !102
I ..' St J A G I 14 j 16
I 1 Do Ist prefd.. 54 57
I Do 2d prefd 26 i 27
!SL ASF Ist pfd 78 ! 79
200; Do 2d prefd . . , 70% 71%
I 800(st L & S W....1 26% i 25 I 24% l 25%
300 Do prefd I 58%! 58% 58 | 58% *
j 400[So Pacific :.) 64% I 6#% «4 <>4%
Do pfd I .....jrl6 1116%
ISo Railway 35 34 j 34%1 34%
1 Do prefd ! 86% 97%
Standard Oil ... 1629 ; 633
Standard'R &T, | 8%! S%
i 2,6oolTenn Coal & I.! 71 '70 I 70 I 70%
Tex P t. Trust.'. . 36 39
900iTexas Pacific.... ]35 I 34%1 34%! 34%
j Third Avenue...! i.,. ..1130 183
Toledo RAT CO.! I 20%1 21% j
200'Toltdo SLA W! 30% i 36 j 36/*! 36%
600! Do prefd ..... 54**' 54% l 53% 54% !
'Twin City R Tf ." 104%'105
Do pfd i|los 1100
>Un Bs* A P..! 1..,. 0% P>% ,
!Do pfd.:.....:]..... ....- 70 f'72 <
27.Union Pacific ..'ll4 |113% 113% IP!% ;
700! Do pfd 1 98 ! 97 i 97 ! 08
...'....! Do Cony 4'e.. f !U3 llStt
'United Copper...) ...'..1 7%| 9
Cn Rds of S F.. ! 20% 23
i Do pfd 65 I fi3*k
IDo 4s 1 1 i 20%: *iir|
1.200 P S Cast I Pipe! 23%j 23%, 23%) 25%
2,200' Do>M ..! 83% 82% 71 • S5
TJ S Express ...I 120 |125
BOOU S Leather .... 12% 12% i 12%' 12%
BOO! Do pfd !l01%!l01%|101% Pl%
US Rlty & Cpfd; 79 I 79%
6001U S Rußber ...i 35%| 36 ! 35 j 35%
40T.! Do nfd I 09.- i 98%! 98%! 80%
: 26.500U S Steel Cor..! 29%! 28%! 25%! 28%
I 31.tVOO' Do pfd I 92 i 91% 91%! 91% ,
2.400 Va-Car Chem Co! 39%! 39% 47 i 47% .
....... Do pfd !lO» 109%
100 Wabash 22 21 M% 21*
400 i Do pfd 42%! 42%' 42%' 42%j
I Do deb B'-«... 1 88* «7
I .......Wells-Fargo Ex: L..:. 244 BBS
! 4Uo'Western Union..' 93%' 92% 03 ' 03%r
200 Wectinghouse ..179% 179 ;179%i180
Do Ist pfd....t 08% 00%
!W A L E 1 18%! 19%
IDo Ist pfd 1 i 45 4«
IDo 2d pfd I ! 28%' 27
200 Wis Central ... 22 21% 1 21%: 22%
IDo pfd ...1 j 45 i 45%
494,300—T0tal shares sold.
New York Bonds.
U S ref 2s reg. .104%! Japan 6s. cert... 95%
Do coupon 104%!T„ A N unified 45.103
Do 3s reg lc3%Man con gold 45.105%
I Do coupon 104%|Mex Central 45... 75
Do new 4s reg. 130% | Do Ist Inc 25
Do coupon 130% Minn * St L 45.. 97%
Do old 4s reg. 105%1M. X A Texas 4s. 101
Do coupon 106% l Do 2ds 86%
1 Amer Tob 4s. cert 71 NR of Mcx con 4e 82
! Do 6e, cert...Ho%!N V C gen 3%5..100
i Atch gen J C gen 55....133%
I Do adj 4s 95 |Nor Pacific 4s 105%
Atlantic C L 45.101% Do 3s 77%
Bait A Ohio 45..103%'N0r A W con 4*. 102
Do 3%s 94V,!0 S L refdg 45... 4)7%
Central of. Ga ss.H3%iPa cony 3%s 104
Do Ist mc 92% Reading gen 45...101
Do 2d mc 71%'S L & I M con 55.117U
Ches A Ohio 4%e.1tV7% S L A S F fg 45.-8-
Chi A Alton 3%5. 81 Ist L B W con 4s. SO%
C B A Q new 4s. 89% Seaboard A L 4s. 85% j
C R 1 A Pac 4e. 82 jSo Pacific 4s ... 95% i
Do coi 6e 98 |So Railway 5s 117% I
C.C.C A SLgn 4s.lol%!Tex A Pac 15t5.,120%!
I Chi Term 4s 88 ;Tol. .St L A W 4s. S4
I Colo Midland 45.. 74% Union Pacific 45.106%
Colo A So 4s 91%! Do cony 4s 113% !
I Cuba ss. cert 104%'U S Steel 2d 55.. 92
Den A Rio O 4s. 100 (Wabash lets 118% i
Diflt Securities 5s 79%! Do deb B 66%
Erie prior lien 4e.loo%tWestern jjd 45... 92
Do gen 4s 91%W A L Erie 45... 93
F W A D C lst9.loß%!Wis Central 45... 91
Hock. Val 4%5...109%l
New York Mining Stocks.
Adama Con 20' Little Chief 05 j
Alice 60! Ontario 8 75
I Breece 20(Ophir 6 75
I Bruns Con 001 Phoenix * 50
I Com Tunnel ©BlFotosl 25
i Con Cal A Va... 1 75 Savage 45
Horn Silver 1 f>o| Sierra Nevada 45
Iron Silver 2 00|Small Hope* 20 !
Leadvllle Con 02! Standard 1 50
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— iU S Steel 28%
Call loans ....2%f3%| Do pfd 91%
I Time loans ..-8%©4%! Weetnghse Com.. 92
Bond*— ! Mining—
Atchison Adj 4's. 94 (Adventure 6%
Do 4s 100% Allouez 21
I Mcx Central 45... 74 I Amalgamated 73
j Railroads— n I Am Zinc 12
Atchison 86% I Atlantic 17%;
Do pfd 100%! Bingham 33% ■
j Boston A Albany.2s6 1 Calumet A Hecla.6so
; Boston A Maine..l7s ICentennial 25
Boston Elevated.. 157 (Copper Range 68% I
Fitchburg pfd...143 IDaly West 14
' Mex.. Central 23%'Dom Coal 61 j
' N V N H A H..201 [Franklin 11% |
! Pere Marquette.. 79 Gran by 5% j
Union Pacific ...113%1151e Royale 26
Miscellaneous — [Mass Mining 9%
Am Arge Chem.. 20 (Michigan 18
Do pfd 86 Mohawk 62%
!Am Pneu Tube.. s%|Mont C A C 4%
!Am Sugar 141%J01d Dominion 27%
Do pfd IS*% Osceola 94 !
lAm Tel A Te1...146 jParrot 29
lAm Woolen .... 22%|Quincy 110
Do pfd 92% Shannon 8% 1
i Dom I A Steel.. ....... 12
Edisan Elec 111...250 !Trinity 9% \
Gen Electric ...186 (U 8 Mining 24%
! Mass Elec 13%'U S Oil 11 j
Do pfd 58%' Utah \ 42
! Mass Gas 38«4 1 Victoria 5
. United Fruit 105% Wlnona 11% I
Uli Shoe Mach... 66 |Wolverine 105
j Do pfd 38 I
London Closing Stocks.
I Cons for money.. 88% IN V Central 148
j Do account 88% Norfolk A West. 84
; Anaconda 5%! Do pfd 85
Atchison 89%!Ontarlo & West.. 42
! Do pfd 103%1 Pennsylvania 70%
Bait & Ohio 106% I Rand Mines 11% ,
Canadian Pac . .135% Reading 41% i
Che* A Ohio 49 Do Ist pfd 47 ;
Chic Grt West.. 23 Do 2d pfd 42
Chic M A St P..l7fl%!Southern Ry 35%
De Beers 18%! Do pfd 99
D A R G 32%! Southern Pac .... 65% i
Do pfd 78%IUnion Pac 116% !
Erie 40% I Do pfd 99%
Do Ist pfd 80 IU S Steel 29%
Do 2d pfd 63 I Do pfd 93%
II! Central 150%lWabash 22
Looisv A Nashv.ll2%l Do pfd 46
Mo Kan A Tex.. 32%!
Bar silver, steady 2 7-16 d per ounce.
Money. 1%<92 per c ent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short hills is 2 7-1«®2% per cent, and for
three months* bill 2% per cent. .
Associated Bunks' Statement.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.—The statement of av
erages of tno ciearingVhous* banks' of this
city for the Ore days of this week shows;
Loans, 11,009,7-12,700, increase, 83.W1.50Q. Do
poelts, 81.109.108.000; lnerease. £5.110.606. De
flation. 543.172>400: increase. $27,100. Legal
tender.', $86,210,400; 'increase $4.1*73,300. Spe
cie. $2U.'!,C84.000; decrease. $4,870,800. Reserve
$255,900,400: decrease, $795,300. Reserve re
quired. $277.2 , f.'. 150; Increase, $1,279,875. Sur. (
plus, $11,608,250; decrease, $2,076,175. Ex
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 3, M
! United States deposits. J17.306.000; decrease,
i 9., 194,125.
New York Cotton Market.
! NEW YORK. Jan. 7. —COTTON—Futures
cpened weak. January. C.9oc; February. 7.02 c
~rrch ~wc i April 7.flc; May. 7.16 c; June
i ..22c; July. 7.26 c.
. r." tU S > l closed b4lrel >' steady. January,
6.9«e; February. 7.01 c; March. 6.67 c; January
, ..15c; May 7.lSc; June. 7.23 c; July, 7.30 c;
; Aug-ust, 7.35 c. .
J - Sf? 1 c ° l i° n <« u '«t- Middling uplands.
! i 50c; middling Oulf. 7.55 c. Sales were 455
I bales.
New York Grain and Produce.
YO , RK - J*n. 7.—FLQUR—Receipts.
IJ,OOO barrels; exports. 10.800 barrels: firm and
he.d higher: winter patents. $5 30® 5 85; wln
i? r o.' t - r ? ifints - $r ' * s ; Minnesota patent-.
5o SS-aS 1)5: winter extras, $3tf4 50 : Minnesota
I bakers, $4 30®4 65; winter low grades S3 65
! fr4 10.
WHEAT Receipts. 51.775 bushels; spot
! .. ,m i No 2 r * (l - 21 % elevator; No. 2 red.
41 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth.
;*J -7% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba.
;»1 10 f. o. D. afloat. Options strong all day
lon bullish Northwest news, light offerings,
firm rabies and local covering. ' Close showed
j %tf%c net advance. May $1 15 5-itiffl-l 16%.
! closed at $1 16%.• July closed at $1 03%.
HOPS—Quiet: State, common to choice. 1904.
296370; 1903. 30#33c: olds. 14c: Pacific Coast
j 1904. 29@36c; 1903. 80®33c: olds 14ifl7c.
I HlDES—Steady: Oalveston. 20 to 25 lbs 180-
California. 21 to 25 lbs, 19c; Texas dry 24 to
B0 lbs, 14% c.
WOOL—Firm; domestic fleece. 32@35e
PETROLEUM—Steady- refined. New York
$5 50; Philadelphia. Baltimore, $7 45; do in
balk, *4 56.
••'i-KEE—-Spot Rio. steady: No. 7 invoice.
B%c; mild, steady: Cordova. io#l3c. Futures
closed steady at unchanged prices to an ad
vancf of 5 points: sales 3K.250 bags, includ
ing March. 7.80®7.90c; April. 7.95 c; May,
■UC®B.lsc: September. v 4535. 50c; October,
8.55 c: December. 8.86® 8.70 c
SUGAR—Raw. firm: fair refining* 4%c; cen
trifugal. 96 test, 4%c; molasses sugar, 4%c;
refined, firm; No. 6, 5.250: No. 7, 5.20 c; No. 8,
5.10 c; No. 9, 5.05 c; No. 10. sc; No. 11, 4.90 c;
No. 12. 4.86 c; No. 13, 4.75 c: No. 14, 4.70 c;
confectioners' A. 5.70 c: mold A, 6.20 c; cut
loaf. 6.50 c; crushed, 6.55 c; cubes, 6.10 c.
BI'TTER —Unchanged.
CHEESE —Unchanged.
EGGS—Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES—The market,
while not active, is firmly held, holders having
full confidence, apparently, in the course of
prlceF. Common. 4®4%c; choice, 5%®5%c;
fanry. 6©7e.
PRUNES—Firm. Coaat advicee are strong
and some sizes on spot In the local market are
held a little higher, although the general range
remains from 2c to 5%c, according to grade.
APRICOTS—Seem to be moving a little bet
ter ,>n spot, though orders are still confined to
small lots. Choice. 9%@10c; extra choice,
10%911cj fancy. 12®15c.
PEACHES—Majperately active and firm
with choice at #%c; extra choice, 10®10%c;
fancy, 11 KWll*ic.
New York Metal Market.
N"-;W YORK. Jan. 7.—The metal markets
were quiet to-day, but ruled tenet-ally firm.
Tin is quoted at $29 25(529 60. copper is held
at $15 37%®15 50 for lake: $15 12%815 25 for
electrolytic and casting at »14 87%®15 12%.
Lead Is firm at $4 60@4 70. and spelter.
I 6 10®6 15, with some dealers asking $6 20
for prompt delivery.
Iron holds very firm, with Inside prices, prac
tically nominal.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 7.—WOOL—Steady. Med
ium Trades, combine and clothing. 23©29 c;
light fine, 18#22%c; heavy fine, 14®18c; tub
washed. 274541 c.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions!
CHICAGO, Jan 7.—A steady tendency was
evident In wheat at the opening. There was
a slight Improvement In quotations. May be
ing unchanged to %c higher at $1 15@1 15%.
One of the factors was the firm tone of the
Liverpool grain market. Another factor was
the continued light movement of wheat fh
Ihe United Statee. Northwestern receipts bor(
ut expectations of a considerable reduction,
arrivals to-day at Minneapolis and Duluth
bfing 819 cars, compared with 638 cars the
ft rreaponding day a year ago. JSome local
longs, anxious to even up trades over Sun
la), sold moderately shortly after the open
ing, causing a slight recession in prices. May
•ased off to $1 14%®1 14%. Subsequently the
market in a gradual way developed a fait
degree of strength and prices made good ad
vances. The cash wheat situation was again
bullish at St. Louis and Minneapolis. From
St. Louis came many details of increasing
difficulty millers in Kansas are experiencing
In regard to wheat for milling purposes.
Total primary receipts to-day were only 492,
--6t»o hushels. as compared with 845,500 bushels
last year. A prediction by a well-known
British crop statistician that shipments from
Russia would 6how a decided increase in the
near future added to the strength of the
market here. Trading was more active dur
irg the last part of the session, shorts being
fsirly liberal purchasers. The market closed
at the highest point of the day, with May
at $1 15%.
The market for corn to-day showed more
strength than had been manifested for soma
time. Bull influences were firm cables and
small acceptances from the country. May
closed at 44% c. ,
Oats were quiet. May closed at 80%@31c.
Notwithstanding a fair demand for lard
from leading packers the provision market
was weak the greater part of the day. At
the close May pork wae off 10c, lard was down
6c and ribs were 2%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— .
May 1 45% 1 15%' 1 14% 1 15%
July 98% 99 98% 98%
Corn No. 2—
January 41% 41% 41% 41%
May 44% 44% 44% 44%
July 44% 45% 44% 45%
Oats No. 2—
January 29% 29% 29% 29%
May 30% 31 30% 31
July 30% 31 80% 31
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January 12 20 12 20 12 15 12 15
May 12 60 12 60 12 52% 12 55
Lard, per* 100 lbs-
January ..#J|... 865 665 6 62% 6 62%
May « 90 6 90 6 85 6 85
July 7 00 7 00 6 95 6 95
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs-
January 6 32% 6 32% 630 630
May 6 62% 6 62% 660 660
July 6 75 6 75 6 72% 6 72%
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Jan. 7.—Cash quotations were ai
follows: Flour, steady; winter patents, $5 1<
•95 20; straights, $4 So®s: spring patents, $5C
5 50: straights, $4 50®4 90; No. 2 sprlni
wheat. $1 10®1 15: No. 3, $I®l 13; No. 2 red,
$1 l&tfll 19%: No. 2 corn, 42% c; No. 2 yellow
42% c: No. 2 oats, 2»%c; No. 3 white, 806314
No. 2 rye. 75c; good feeding barley. 88#37c
fair to choice malting. 41 ©48c; No. 1 flaxseed
$1 16; Nff. 1 Northwestern, $1 22%; prim<
timothy seed, $2 75%: mess pork, per bbl
Jl2 16012 25; lard, per 100 lbs, $6 62%; shor
ribs sides < loose). $6 124*0 25; short cleai
sides (boxed), $6 50®6 62%; whisky, basis o;
hi;h wines, $1 24; clover, contract grade
:i2 76.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments
Flour, barrels 36,400 13 ,VK
Wheat, bushels 60.800 7&40(
Corn, bushels 477.400 sfM>.3of
Oats, bushels ; 121,70Q 2S7,«<H
Rye. bushels 17,000 1,30<
Barley, bushele 104,000 35,60(
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Jan. 7.—On the Produce Ex
chanse to-day the butter market was firm
creameries, 18028 c; dairies, 17%®24c; eggs
steady, at mark, cases Jneluded, 19325 c
cheese, steady, 11012 c.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Jan. X —CATTLE—Receipts, 800;
market steady. Good to prime steers, $5 600
6; poor to medium, $3 9095 50; slookers anc
feeders, $2 4004 25: cows. $1 23474 60: heifers,
$2(a5: canners, $1 2502 50; bulls. $2®4 50
calves 5397.
HOGS —Receipts. 20,000; Monday. 40,000
market strong. Mixed and butchers, $4 35~?1
4 65: good to choice heavy. $4 6004 70: rough
heavy, $4 4004 50; light. $4 3004 56; bulk oi
sales. $4 4504 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000; manket steady.
Good to choice wethers, $4 8505 50; fair t
ehoice mixed. $4©4 75; Western sheep. $4Q
5 50; native lambs, $5 5007 80; Western
lambs, $5 7507 40.
Kansas City. "
KANSAS CITY. Jan. 7.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts 200; market steady.
HOGS— Receipts. 4000; market steady to
strejgtg; bulk, $4 25474 "80; heavy. $4 00®
54 67%: packers, $4 4004 60; pigs and lights.
6 7504 45.
SHEEP—Receipts, 500; steady. Muttons,
F4 2T>®s 50; lambs, $5 50®7; range wethers,
|5®6 50; fed ewes, $405.
Omaha.
OMAHA, Nebr., Jan. 7. —CATTLE—Re-
ceipts, 100; market unchanged.
HOGS —Receipts. 4500; market 5c higher.
Heavy, $4 50®4 87%; mixed. $4 47%©4 50;
light. 84 40ft4 50; pig.s S3 75®*; bulk. $4 47%
£4 52%. \
SHEEP —Receipts, 1200: market strong.
Western yearlings, $5 25*i<>: wethers, 84 760
»00; ewes. $404 75; lambs, $007.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreisrn Futures.
Wheat— March. May. July.
I Opening 71% 7 % 71
I CIo " lnK PARIS. - 1
Wheat— Jan. May-Aug.
' Owning 23 tiO 24 30
I Closing 23 60 24 43
Flour —
Ot>eniTiK 31 10 32 20
| Closing 31 10 32 15
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days..s4 83%© —
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 -87%® —
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 87%®4 87%
New Ycrk Exchange, sight 02%© —
New York Exchange, telegraphic 03 © —
Silver, per ounce 60%© —
Mexican Dollars -13Vx© —
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris 6.15
Now York OH Mexico 202%
Paris on London '■ 23.14
Berlin on London 20.42
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Jan. 7—Clearincs, $818,073;
balam-*. $182,761.
TACOMA._J<vi 7.— Clearings, $485,200; bal-
P)ORTLANT». Jan. 7. —Clearings', $522,681;
balances, *50,050.
SPOKANE. Jan. 7.—Clearings. $450,087; bal
ances, $14,464.
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT —The week closed with an active
trade In futures with May %c lower and De
cember %c higher. The cash grain was steady
and unchanged.
The Chicago wires of E. F. Hutton 4 Co.
said:
' The market has again ruled dull, but very
strong, at no time showing the slightest hesi
tation. The advance, while slow, was per
sistent, the market closing at the hlghe3t
figures for at least three and a half months.
When we consider the small contract stocks
in all primary markets and milling centers,
the inability of the elevator people to convert
the low grades into contract Wheat, the fall
ing off In receipts in the Northwest and last
but not least, the large scattered short Inter
est, we can but feel out of sympathy with the
short side of the market. The long interest
is concentrated and well held by wealthy
people. They have this advantage to start
with, namely, paper profits on large lines. Vir
tually every short has a loss at the cloee to
night. To our mind the short interest is in
an uncomfortable position."
Minneapolis wired: "A large portion of
West receipts here at present is composed of
frosted and undesirable milling Wheat, which
makes It very difficult buyers to make
proper selections and at tne same time supply
their wants."
The Tribune says: "The repprted sale of
1.500,000 barrels of Flour by the Northwestern
millers has caused brisk activity in Wheat.
It is possible that Southwesstrn Flour buyers
thought they came nearer to getting a home
grown product by bringing spring Wheat pat
ent Flour from the Northwest."
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 45©1 52%; California
White Australian, $1 60@1 62%; Northern
Club. $1 50©1 55; Northern Bluestem, $1 60©
1 62%: Northern Red. $1 47% per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
Slav $1 47 $1 47 $1 46% $1 46%
December ... 1 33% 1 33% 1 33% 1 33%
BARLEY—There was fair activity in futures
and continued firmness in the cash grain,
though prices for both remained about the
same. The whole market is in excellent condi
tion for sellers.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 13%©1 17%: Brewing and Shipping,
$%18%©1 22%; Chevalier. $1 20©1 25 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 14 $1 14 $1 13 $1 14
OATS—Continued firmness characterizes the
market, the demand for seed being especially
good, and prices rule firm. Offerings, how
ever, are rather larger than they were a week
or ten days ago.
White. $1 43®1 57%: Surprise. $1 65©1 60;
Red for feed. $1 45©1 50 for No. 1 and
$t 40®1 42% for No. 2; choice. for seed,
$1 sQ©l 55; Black. $1 35©1 45. for feed and
$1 6061.65 for seed; Eastern White, $1 42%©
1 45 per ctl.
CORN—The market continues to show .In
creasing strength, following advanced prices
asked by Chicago sellers on this market. Of
ferings are moderate.
Western sacked, $1 27%©1 30 for new Tel
low and' White and $1 22%®1 25 for Mixed;
new California large Yellow, $1 2501 27%;
small round do, $1 6501 80; White $1 25;
Egyptian. $1 35® 1 37% for White and $1 17%
®1 20 for Brown.
RYE —$1 42%©1 47% per cv.
BUCKWHEAT—SI 5001 76 per ctl.
■ i Si -
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR —California Family Extras. $4 80©
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extpas. $4 70©6;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4©4 50
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS—Pricea in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. 83 26 (in barrels $4 75); Rye Meal,
$3 50 (in barrels $4 50); Rice Flour, $7; Corn
Meal $2 50; extra cream do. $3 60; Oat Meal,
$4- Oat Groats, $4 25; Hominy. $3 60©3 S5;
Buckwheat Flour. $4 25: Cracked Whsat, $3 75;
Farina $4; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls $6 7507 50; in sacks, $4 25; Pearl
Barley $5; Split Peas, boxes. $5 50; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Hay dealers are reporting a steadier mar
ket and the feeling yesterday morning was
quite Arm. especially In the choice grades,
though prices showed no change. Feedstuffs
were firm at previous quotations.
BRAN—S2OO2I 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $25©28 per ton. ,
SHORTS—S2OO2I 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS —Rolled Barley, $24 50025 50
per ton; Oiicake Meal at the mill. $31 50©
32 50; lobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake, $23@24;
Cocoanut Meal. $24025; Corn Meal. $31 50®
32; Cracked Corn. $J'.2!ft32 50; Mixed Feed, $22
©23; Horse Beans. $30©40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 90c per
HAY —Wheat. $9014 50; "Wheat and Oat,
$9©13 50; Oat. $9012; Barley,and Oat. $S®10;
Volunteer Wild Oat. $7010; stable. $9010;
stock. $6 6007; Clover. $7010; Alfalfa, *9®12
per ton.
STRAW—36O 00c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There is nothing new under this head. Busi
ness is still dull.
BEANS- Bayos $2 5003; Pea. $303 50;
Butter f303 23; small White. $30 3 35; large
White' $2 400 2 60; Pink, $2 7583 50: Red.
$4 2584 50: Lima $4 0604 15; Red Kidneys,
$3 5004 blackeyes. $23502 50 per ctl; Hor*e
Beans, $1 BC#t 40.
SEEbS—Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 3%83%c; Flax, $282 75; Canary.
6%c; Alfalfa, 12%®13c; Rape. 1%©2% c;
Timothy. 5%c; Hemp, 3%©3% c per lb: Mil
let. 2%©3% c; Broom Corn Seed. $20021 per
, ton. .
DRIED PEAS—Nlles. $1 7502 50; Green
' Peas. $1 7602 50 per ctl.
________
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
The Potato market was unusually active for
Saturday and. although It was ,only a half
business day, fancy offerings were well cleaned
out of first hands at the cloee. fresh arrivals
of such etock being light. The best river stock
brought a slight advance and choice Burbanks
from the Coos Bay section of Southern Or-.-gon
readily comm-nded $1 25 per cental. Onions
; ruled weak at the old quotations,
i Southern vegetables were firm under oott
i tinued light receipts and a good demand and
' fresh offerings of String Beans. Egg Plant and
Green Peppers cleaned up quickly at higher
prices. Peas, Tomatoes and Summer Squash
were plentiful but steady at the old quota
tions. Some Asparagus came in from the Sac
ramento River ami sold st 30c per pound.
POTATOES—Uurbanks from the river. » ! 0g
' 90c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks $1 1501 45 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks, $I©l 26 per ctl;
River Reds. 50000 c per ctl; Early Rose, $1©
1 20 per ctl; Sweet Potatoes. 75c©$l per ctl.
ONIONS —$202 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES—Green Peas. sfi7c per lb;
String Beans, 7® 10c per lb; Wax Beans 80
12% c; Tomatoes. $10150 per box or crate;
, Summer Squash. 75cg$l per box; Hdthouse Cv
; cumbers. $12501 50 per dozen; Cabbage, 50©
l 60c per ctl; Carrots. 30040 c per sack; Garlic*
i 7@Bc per lbj Egg Plant. «©Sc per lb for south
ern; Dried {Pepperß, tCOl2%c for sun-dried and
i 13014 c per lb for evaporated; Green Peppers,
! 6©Be per lb; Mushrooms. 10015 c per lb; Mar-
J rowfat and Hubbard Squash. $8010 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market continued firm and. se
! the day's receipts were very light, available
' supplies were quickly cleaned up and the mar
ket was bare at the cloee. The receipts of
domestic stock were moderate during the past
i week. and. although five carloads of Western
| were handled the market cleaned up restllly
i from day to day. One or two ears of Western
' will be available to-morrow.
Game arrived freely, but ruled firm owing
to the scarcity of Poultry, and all kinds of
Wild Ducks were quoted higher.
POULTRY—Dressed Turkeys. 26028 c per lb;
Live Turkeys. 21023 c per lb: Geese, per pair,
$1 7C®2; Goslings, $202 25; Ducks. $506
per dozen for old and $6@7 for young; Hens,
$4 6005 for small and $5 6006 for large;
young Roosters, $5 5006: old Roosters. $4©
4 60; Fryers. $4 5005; Broilers. $2 5003 50;
Pigeons. $101 25: Squabs. $202 50
GAME—Mallard Ducks. $304 per dozen:
Canvasbaek, $3(5)4 60; Teal. $1 60; Sprig, $20.1-
Widgeon $1 50<S1 75; Red Heads, $2 50: small
! Ducks. $1 25«ffl 50; Gray Geese. $3; White
Geese, 75c05l 25: Brant. $1 5002 for large and
! 75c®$l for small; Honkers. $305: Snipe. 83
for English and $1 60 for common; Hare $2r
Rabbits. $3 50 for Cottontails and fl 50 for
Brush.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs. j
Considerable divergence In the views of But
ter dealers was found yesterday, some houses
; being- firm holders and quoting 24c, while l
• others, carrying large stocks, were weak and I
I offering their best creameries at 23c. and even <
' under, to large and close buyers. The result 1
was a confused condition of affairs. The qjuo
i tatlons below are about as close as can be ,'
I given under the circumstances. j 1
Cheese is easy and quiet at the decline re
cently noted. I
Eggs closed the week unchanged in price, but I
with a weak undertone, as usual at this time i
of the year. Some dealers reported accumu
! latlng stocks of ranch. The best demand at i
J the moment is for stare Eggs on account of i
| their relative cheapness and good quality. : I
Receipts were 21,000 lbs Butter, 546 cases j
I Eggs and 0200 lbs Cheese. <
BUTTER—Creamery at first han.i.*. 22%© t
I 23% c for extras and .20®22e for lower to me- 1
! dium grades: <iairy. I*fr2lc: cold storage, <
; nominal; store Butter. 13jil5e; Eastern cubes.
nominal: Eastern ladle-packed 15®16c.
; CHEESE—Uc for choice ml'd new and luff
; 10% c for old; cold storage, l<"i(BiO%c; Toung i
I America* Uol2c: Eastern 19013 c .per lb. 1
EGOS-s-Ranch, 54038 c for good to choice ,
! p.r.i 30038% for common; store Ess*. 2803X%0:
! cold storage. 25®S0c; Eastern. Z&QVv for t
' choice. 22034 c for standards and 20021 c tor ]
j seconds. . |
J('
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There was no noticeable improvement in the I
demand for Oranges or other Citrus fruits, i
J and aside from some little firmne?s in Maud- <
i ard Navel Oranges, which were in lisht sop- I
p!y. the market was weak and devoid of 1
; feature. The second auction sale, of Oranges I
[ for the season will be held to-morrow and five t
Jor six cars will be available. Apples were
j active at steady prices, particularly the upper 1
I grades. Heavy receipts are expected from the
north this week. Cranberries are about cleaned ■
up and As there is very' little doing in them
the quotations are withdrawn.
APPLES— fctofjfl 23 per box for fancy and I
SOfiSSc tor common to choice; Lady' App'.es, J
*1 25®2 per box.
PEAP.S— Winter KeUJn, $1 r>o©2 per box:
, cooking varieties. 6(K®sl per box.
PERSIMMONS— 50©75 c P»r box.
CITRUS FRUlTS—Orange*. Navels. II 7552 1
per box for fatey. $1 3501 tSO for choice and '
$ltfjl 25 for standard: Seedlings, 75c'j»*l: I
Tangerines, 75s for small and (i for iarg« 1
boxes; Japanese Man lurlns. 75<?©$1 per ocx; I
Lemon;. $2 5082 75 for fancy. $1 7382 23 for
choice and $101 50 for standards; Grape Fruit, 1
$1 50©2; Mexican Limes. 84§1 50 per case; i
Bananas, ?2©3 per bunch for Central Amerl- 1
can and $102 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $1 50 (
©3 per dozen. I
■ , / 1
Dried Fruits Xuts, Kaisins, Honey. J
The only change Is a lower range of quo- '
tatious for pitted Plums. The market con- ,
tlnues quiet and of a midwinter character.
, t'KL'iJ"S—AprKe-tp. t*HK- ,or Royals and 11
1 ot2%c for Moorparks; Nectarines. »i%#B%a .
tot White and t;V,fi7%e for Red: Peaches. 7*i?f J
B%c per lb; Pears. 7@l2c; Plums, pitted, 4© .
3c for black. 3%®7c for red and 4% ©6c 1
fur yellow. Figs, i-crown bricks. 45c; 3-crown, j
; 60c; 4-crown. We; 6-crcwn, 65c; bulk white, (
' ',:*t©3c; Mack 2%©5% c; Evaporated Apples. ,
460 c per lb. J
PRUNES -l%3l*ic per lb for the four slses ,
and 2%c basis for the large sizes. .
RAISINS—Ii>>4 crop f. o. b. Fresno— Impe-
I rial clusters. $2 2502 50: Deheaa $1 30@1 35; !
| London Layers. $sc®sl; Loose Muscatels. 4- '
| crown, 5©5% c; 3-crown, 4%c: 2-crown. 303% c;
I Seeded. 444 36c; Thompson's Seedleea, 4%0 ,
! 4%c; Seedless Sultanas, 3®sc per "*». \ l
NUTS —Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12©13e; No. !
2. 10©llc; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2, 10c:
i Almonds, 16©17 c for Nonpariels. 14014% c for
. I X L. 13%014%e for Ne Plus Ultra and 11c
for Languedoc; Peanuts, G©7c for Eastern;
Pecans. ll©13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50©5; Chest- ]
nuts, 8010 c per lb for Italian.
HONET —Comb, 11%013c for white and 10©
; 11c for amber; water white extracted. 5%© j
, 6%c; light amber extracted, 505% c; dark, 3©
4 "bEESWAX—27O29c per lb. ; |
Provisions.
The market continues dull and devoid of ]
feature in all positions. Brokers' wires from
: Chicago yesterday said: "We are inclined to
believe the outside Interests have parted with
their holdings and we feel there Is a good ' (
| large short interest scattered throughout the
! list. Any little buying could easily advance )
the market but we doubt, considering the con- i
tlnued large run of Hogs, whether packers '
would countenance higher prices at this time. '
The market is absolutely in their control and i
still looks to us like a scalping affair."
CURED MEATS—Bacon 10% c per lb for '
' heavy, lo%c for light medium. 13c for light;
I 14c for extra light and 14% c for sugar-cured;
' dry Salt Sides. 10c; Bellies. 11c; Eastern su
gar-cured Hams, 12 to 14 lbs. 12% c; 15 to 16
! lbs, 12c; 17 to 20 lbs, ll%c; California ,
I Hams. 11 %c; Mess Beef. $10010 60 per bbl,
extra Mess, $10 50@11; Family. $12012 50; '
prime Mess Pork $14 50; extra clear $22;
| Mess. $16 30; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet, $5; i
I Smoked Beef. 14c per lb. t 1
LARD—Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for 1 1
; California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
Sttd 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9%c; 10
--!lb tins. 9\c; 6-lb tins. 9%c : 3-lb tins. 10c.
COTTOLENE—One half barrel. S%c: three
Half barrels, B%c; one tierce. 8»»c; two tierces.
B%c; five tierces, B%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
This is the season for the importation of
wool from Australia. The Sierra arrived last
; Monday with large consignments destined tor ; i
New York and Boston. These consignments :
I aggregated 2263 bales. 2062 being for Boston
and 201 for New York. Collector Stratum says
that these consignments were forwarded under \
entry for Immediate transportation In bond I
i without appraisement at this port. The value
I was $193,076 and the duty at 11 cents pet
\ pound amounted to $85,115, which will be
! collected at Boston and New York, with no ;
| credit given to this port. Previous importa
j tions from Australia this season amounted to
1190 bales, valued at $81,748, duty $42,987.
All destined for Boston. The whole impor- ;
tations of wool from Australia last season
1 equaled only 2647 bales. The Sonoma and
, Ventura, following the SierrsJ will likely also
. bring large consignments of wool to be for- ■ j
I warded to the East In bond.
All lines under this head remain as before.
' Wool Is cleaned up and the quotations there
fore are nominal. Hops rule quiet. Hides of
j good quality are meeting with an active de
! mand. but grubby lots are given the go-by.
HIDES AND SKINS—CuIIs and brands sell
about %01c under quotations. Heavje salted
' Steers. ll%c: medium, 10% c; light. 10c; Cow
Hides, 10c for heavy and 10c for light. I
Stags 707 %c; Salted Kip. lOVkc; Salted
Veal, ll%c: Salted Calf, 12% c; dry !
' Hides. 17%©18 c; dry Kip. 15c; dry Calf. 20c;
Sheepskins shearlings. 250tpc each: short \
Wool. 50075 c each; medium. 90c©$l 10; long
' Wool. $1 25<Ttl 75; Horse Hides, salt, $3 for :
large and $2 50 for medium. $1 5002 for small
■ and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for
' large and $1 50 for medium, $1 tor small. 50c
for ColU. Buck Skins—Dry Mexican. 30c: dry
I salted Mexican, 25c; dry Central American,
30c Goat Skins—Prime Angoras, 76c; extra :
! large do. $1 25; large. 60c; medium, 85c;
assail, 20c.
TALLOW—No. 1 -— <rred. 4®4%c per Jb;
No 2. 3%c; Greasr -,03c. f
WOOL —Fall el' -San Joaquin and Soutn
;em 9©llc; Sontnern B©9c; Southern Moun\
tain, 9®llc; Middle Counties, free. 12014 c;
do defective. 10«12c ; N rthern free. 12014 c;
ido defective. 10012 c; Humboldt and Mendo>
cino. 16018 c per lb.
I HOPS—i»O4 crop. 26028 c per lb; 1905 crop,
I 17%015c bid.
Meat Market.
I ■» The demand and supply about balance and
: thY market shows no change.
DRESSED MEATS.
Whcletnle rates from slaughterers to dealers
aru as follows:
BEEF—U©7c for Steers and 4%06e per 15
for Cbws. I
YEAL —Large 6%08c; small. B®9%c per lb.
MUTTON —Wethers. 768 c; Ewes. 6%©7% c
per lb.
LAMB —9®loe per lb
PORK—Dressed Hogs. f!U©st4 C per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 400
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE—Steers, 7%&7% c: Cows and Heif
ers, 5%®6VjC; thin Cows. 4©sc per lb.
CALVES —404% c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP —Wethers. 3%«/3%c; Ewes. 3®3%c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS —$2 50*72 73 per head.
HOGS—Live Hogs. 200 to 250 lbs. 44404% c;
130 to 200 lbs. 505% c; SO to 130 lbs. ff«#i%c;
soft Hogs, not wanted: Sows, 20 per cent ott:
: Boars. 50"per cent oft. and Stage. 40 per cent j
! off from above quotatlone.
General Merchandise.
BAGS —Grain Bags, si#®s%c spot and 60
6%c for June-July: Wool Bags, 30032 c;
Fleeca Twine. 7%c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton: New Wel
lington. $!<; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 60; Roslyn $7; Coos Bay. $5 30;
Richmond $8: Cumberland $13 In bulk and
! $14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13;' Welsh Lump,
$11 30; Cannel $9 per ton; Coke. $11 60013 per
ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $S 50 per short ton.
OILS —Quotations are for barrels; for cases
adirßc: Linseed. 55c per gallon for boiled and
53c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1 70c:
Bakers' AA, cases. $1 1001 12; Lucol, 50c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut. cases. 650
80c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, in barrels, 68c
' for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, 08c: natural win
. ter Sperm Oil 63c; extra bleached winter
Whale Oil, 67c; natural Whale Oil, 52c; extra
i winter strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil.
68c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot
Oil 63c; light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring
Oil 40c: Salmon Oil, 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 3Tc;
raw Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw
Faint Oil. Sic.
COAL OlL—Water White Coal Oil in bulk,
lSc; Pearl OH. in cases. 19% c; Astral, 19% c;
Star. 19% c: Extra Star. 22% c; Elaine, 2oc;
Eocene 21 %c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline in
bulk. 16c; in cases. 22% c; Benslne, In bulk,
13c; in cases, 19% c; 86-degree Gasoline, In
bulk, 25c: in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE —75c per gallon in cases snd
69c In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD—Red Lead 7%0
, 7%c pet lb; White Lead, 7%©7% c. according
ito quantity. ,
SUGAR—Prices have been marked down .100.
! The Western Sugar Refining Company quotes
as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags. Cubes, A
Or us bed and Fine Crushed, 6.15 c; Powdered,
Oo; Candy Granulated, 6c: Dry Granulated,
fine. 5.90 c: Dry Granulated coarse. 5.90 c; Fruit
Granulated. 5.90 c: Beet " Granulated (100-lb
bags only). 5.80 c; Confectioners' A, 5.90 c;
Magnolia A, 5.50 c; Extra C 5.40 c; Golden C..
5.30 c; -D." 5.20 c; barrels." 10c more; Half
barrels. 25c more; boxes. st>e mere; 50-lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half barrels.
6.40 c; boxes. 6.65 c; H. A E. Crystal Domin .s.
8.90 c per lb. No orders taken for less than
seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
COFFEE—C. E. Bickford's circular »lv?s
the receipts at this port in IHOI at 238.12:
bags, against 251.834 bags In 1903. The rales
from first hands were 229.340 bags, against
256.963. Taking Into consideration a carry
over of 19.938 - bags from the preceding year,
the stock on hand January 1, 1905. was 28. S2"
bags, against 19.938 bags January 1. 1904. The ,
world's visible supply January 1 was 13.916.- i
798 bags, against 13,731.131 bags January 1. |
1904. The circular says:
"December was, as usual, a dull month, but ,
since the turn of the year more inquiry has
"heen manifested, and after a long absence the
demand has reached washed Coffees beyond 11c.
"The business has been mostly In old crop
at »)%c to 10% c, with occasional parcels at
higher figures. A few hundred bags attractive
I new crop styles wete also taken at 9%c to
i<T3%c-for fair to strictly prime.
"Low grades at 6%c to B%c are practically
exhausted in both first and second hands and
are greatly needed. The first parcels of new
crop unwashed Salvador have been partially
placed at 9%c for current quality and are
firmly held. Ecuadors have sold very freely
at B%c to 9%e. with no stock ih first hands
to-day. Hawaiian* quiet and unchanged.
"To-day s first hand ftock consists of 304
bags Costa Rica lSe Nicaragua. 5622 Salvador,
12,*i92 Guatemala 1142 Mexican and 8276 va
rious; In all 27.472 bags. j
"Deliveries from Best hands since the 10:h
ult. Include: OC3 bags Costa Rica. 204 Nica
ragua. 3882 Salvador. 7714 Guatemala, 447
Mexican and 3183 from other ports; In all
15,588 bags.
"Market closes steady and fairly active."
1 Costa Rica, nominal (stock 304 bags)—lS'W
14c for strictly prime to fancy washed; 11%W
12% c for prime washed: lO%ollc for good
washed; lift 12. for good to prime washed pea
berry; 104111 c for good to prime peaberry: 10©
lie for good to prime; S%SO%c for fair; 6%0 '
8c for common to ordinary.
Silvador (stock 5522 bags)—l2%©l3%c for
fancy washed, nominal; 11%@12c for strictly
I rime washed, nominal; 10%©Uc for good to
prime washed: 9%0100 for fair waahed: 10%
011 %c for fair to prime washed peaberry: 9%
010 c for good to prime semi-washed: 9%<jloc
for superior' unwashed; 9%c for good green
unwashed; 10c for good to superior unwashed
peaberry; 6%08c for Inferior to ordinary.
Ecuador (no stock) —909%0 for current un- j
washed.
Nicaragua, nominal (stock 136 bags)—llo
13c for prime to fancy washed: 9%0t0%c for
fair to strictly good washed; 9%09%e for gool
to ehperior unwashed: 10®10%c for good to
prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala (stock 12,092 bags) and Mcx- j
lean (stock 1142 bags) — 13%014c for
fancy washed; 12013 c for prime to strictly J
prime washed; 11%©11% c for strictly good j
washed; lo%ollc for good washed: 9%010%c
for fair washed; 8%©9% c for medium; «%©
B%c for Inferior to ordinary; 10%CL4%c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 10@10%c for
good to prime unwashed peaberry; 9%©10 c for
good to superior unwashed.
Hawiilan. (stock 6162 bags)—l3ol4c for
fancy nominal: 12012% c for prime; 11©11% c
for good; 10©10% c for fair; ll©ll%c for pea- 1
berry; 6%09%c for low grades. ,
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. JANUARY 7.
Flour, qr sks... s,Bßo!Brandy, gals 5,000
Wheat ctls 885! Wine, gals 75,550 !
Barley, ctls 4,3o:i|Quicksllver. Asks. 7 j
Oats ctls 965|W00l bales 90
Rye ctls 285 Straw, tons 18 I
! Tallow, ctls 24Q'Hops, bales 810 !
Sugar, ctls 440 Hay. tons 410
Leather, rolls ... 240) Middlings ska ... 750
j Hides No 623; Bran. sks 2.215
I Pelts bdls leOjOnlons, sks 350 :
Balslns. bxs 650' Potatoes, ska 3,075
Paper, rolls 635'
EASTERN.
Oats, ctls 500! /
STOCK MARKET.
Good Business in Bonds, but Stocks
Rather Quieter.
i For Saturday business on the Stock and
Bond Exchange was very fair, though mostly
confined to bonds, which sold to the amount of '
$64,000. of which $30,000 was in Pacific Elec
tric Railway 6s. In stocks, which were quiet.
Gas and Electric led, selling at $52%®53%,
cLiefly in small lots.
There was not much life in the oil shares
i and the Tonopah mining stocks were also
I quiet. Trading in the Comstock mines likewise
; showed a failing off, with prices well main
, talned, however.
Sales on the California Exchange last week !
; were 22.856 shares, valued at $8998, the lead
' ing sales being as follows: Associated Oil. 1
; 11,576 shares; Four, 1500; Forty, 3700; Inde
pendence, 1000; Oil City, 2800; Pittsburg, 930; ,
California Standard and Sovereign, 500 each.
Marin County Water was ex-dividend of
78 cents yesterday.
Semi-annual Interest, amounting to $41,220,
i was paid yesterday on the Oakland Transit
Company's 6 per cent bonds of 1918.
The regular annual meeting of the stock
holders of the Oceanic steamship Company has
I been called for January 21.
The regular annual election of the San FYan- 1
' Cisco Chamber of Commerce will take place on
Tuesday, January 10. The annual meeting will
be held oiu week later, on Tuesday, Jan
nary 16.
The regular annual meeting of the stock- ■.
holders of the Mutual Savings Bank of San !
Francisco has been called for January 17.
The South Eureka Mining Company of Amav- >
■ dor County has levied an assessment of 2 cents
per share, delinquent February 6.
The Mohican Mining and Milling Company j
of Tuolumne County has levied an assessment J
•of 5 cents per share, delinquent February 3. I
' The indications are that the surplus earnings ;
of the National Lead Company for the calen- I
dar year. 1904. after paying the preferred divi
dend, will amount to about 6 per cent on the
common stock, which would compare with 3%
per cent earned on the common in 1903 and 1
i>er cent in 1902.
The Monte Cristo Oil Company has declared ,
a regular monthly dividend of 1 cent per share, I
! amounting to $5000. payable January 10.
The Blue Goose Oil Company is paying back >
• to stockholders in the form of a dividend the '
j last assessment of $1 50 per share.
The Boston and Oroville Mining Company
paid a regular dividend of 25 cents per share
I on January 2.
The Central Eureka Mining Company has
declared a monthly dividend of 7 cents per
share, amounting to $28,000, payable Jan- ;
vary 12.
The output of the Ophir mine last week ;
! amounted to 183 mining carloads of ore as- ;
. saying $134 92 per ton and 104 carloads assay
ing C 22 95 per ton
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Jan. 7.—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask 1 Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .105%106 !4s qr cp new.l3T.%m%
4s qr reg.. .105%106 |3s qr coup. ..104%105
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W ss. — — IO G LAH ss. — 110 j
Asso Oil ss. — BC% O W gtd ss. — —
Bay CPC 55.102 — |Oceanlc S ss, — 71
Cal C G Ss 105 — lOrn Cable 8e,121% —
Cal GA Eg jPse O In 4s. — 98
mA ct ss. 83% — P BRy 6«..106 —
Cal-st C 55.112 — IPftCH 65.108% —
C C Wat ss. — 98%!P A O R 05.113 —
EdL A P 6s. — 126 [jtowelLsf «S. — —
F A C H C 5.115% — 4?ac EGARSs. — 102%
Oearv-st f%. - 90 ISF A SJVSs.H9% —
H CAS 5%5.105 — (Sierra ft 6s. — —
! Do 5s ... — — IS Pof A 6s
Hon It T 6>.106% — I (1909) 107 — |
'L A Elec ss. — — I '1010> 108 —
T \c, AU'Bs — — IS PofC 6s
L A Ry 55..110%117 i (1905)5r A.lOl 101%'
IAL gtd 5s — ii)3%l (1903)5r B. — 103%
tip i C m fcOOl — I (1906) 104% —
MVt-s* C «5.113 — ! (1912) 114% —
Do Icm 55.116 11«%!3PC 1 car ss. — —
MV& MtTßs. — 108 I Do stampd 108% —
NrP of CSs.lorm — 'S P R R fis.i33 136
Do 5s ....119% — IS V Wat ««105 —
'NP C R 6s. — — ! Do 4s 2dm. 100% —
NC Rv Bp.. — — I Do 4s 3dm. — 100
NC P C fie. — — j Dog mtg4s 97% —
XS R R 5*.t00 102 IStVn OAESs. 03 —
I Oak TCo B*. — — WG * X fia. — —
r>o 5« — — -'UR of SF 4s. 37% 87%
Da con 58.103 — !
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 25 — (Port Costa... — —
Marin C 0.... — 69%'S V Wat Co. 39 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP.— 4%;S F G A E. 52% 52%
Mutual EL. — 11 IStkn OAE. — 5%
Pac L C 0... 00 — !U GA E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 310 1
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl.Bk.. — pA A 132 —
Anglo-Cll ..88 90 !Mer Trust.... — 280
Bank of Ca1.420 — Merch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. 152 f— |S F National — —
Frst Natlonl.3lo — j
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger 9 A L.2530 — ISav A L So.. — 100
Hum SAL. — — I Sec Say Bk.. — 410
Mutual Say. 91)% — !Union T C 0.2700 3300
8 F Say U. 610 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California . .202% — iPresldlo — 41
Geary — 50 (
POWDER.
Giant 63% 65 IVlgorit 8 4%
SUGAR.
Hawajlan C. — 70%'Makawell C. 33 32%
Honokaa S C 17% 18 lOnomea 8 C. 31% —
Hutch SPC 13 15%'Paauhau SC. 20% 20%
Kll&uea 8 C. 3 4 1
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaaka PA. 02 93%! Oceanic S Co. 4 8
Cal F C A. — »'%!Pac Aux FA. 4 —
Cal Wine A. 81 82%!Pac C 80rx.157 —
MVA MtTro. 95 102 'Pac S Tel Co. 106 107
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
80 Honokaa 8 Co ...18 00
165 Hutcninson S P Co 16 00
\ 25 Paauhau 8 P Co 20 82%
180 S F Gas & Electric 83 00
• 200 S F Gas * Electric, b 90 81 78
10 & F Gas & Electric 84 12%
SO S F Gas A Electric, s 90 83 CO
15 S F Gas At Electric, s 90 52 87%
25 S F Gas & Electric 52 75
5 Spring TsleSJ Water Co 39 GO
100 Spring Valley Water Co 38 78
$3,000 —Bay Counties Power Co 55.. 102 Ott
$2,000 Cal Gas * El C. M & C T sa. . 84 09
$2,0u0 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 55..103Qt>
$7,000 Northern Ry of Cal 3 per centlllP 75
$4,000 Omnibus Cable 0 per cent 121 50
$2.<X>o Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.. 105 CO
$28,000 Pacific Electric Ry 3 per cent .105 50
$10,000 N P C R R 5 per cent ,103 00
$4.C00 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 82%
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.' Bid. As-
Bay CPC Os.loo — ;SF A NP 55.110 —
B L Wat 6s. — 114%:S P Co 4%5.10«% —
Cal NW 55.. — 113%: Sun Tel 65...110 —
M C Wat ss. 100 — | Do 5s 106% —
SF Drdk ss. 112 — ISuttr-st RSs.lO4 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — 25 iMat Nay Co. 70 —
Amer Bis Co — 90 iNev Nat 8k.201 —
Cal Cot Mils 80 — iN SR R Co. — 12%
(at UAECor. 50 51 N Cal PCo — 8%
C Jockey CI. — 115 :oak Bk Sav.l2s —
Cal Powder.l3o 145 ,Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 HOOF Hall A 6% —
Cal TI& T — 135 ;orpheum Co. — 18%
Cen Bk. Oak 65 — :PacC Cas C 0.125 —
Chutes Co .. — 6 :Pac Sur C 0..106 —
City ACBk — 120 iparaf Paint.. .10 —
Cyp L Imp.. — O%'S F Drydock. — 685
I DptPwd pfd. 75 80 ISF&SJ Coal. 17% SO
'■ Do com .. 47% — s J Wat C0.1<«% —
FN Bk. 0ak.120 — SO A MTgbt.l2s —
I Fischer Thtr — l%tSwies-A 8k..120 —
Fmch-A Bk. — 110 Truck Elect.. 11 18%
Hono P Co.. 26% — Union 8 Co.. — 30
I Do pool .. — 29 |UR InC pfd. 66% —
LonA SF Bk 60 65 | Do com .. 17 —
| TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Setsion.
200 Black Ants .. 10| 300 Mont-Ton ...2 IS
1008 Black Butte.. 221200" N T Ton Con. 18
300 Blue Bull ... 30|1500 N T Ton Con. It
20uO Blue Bull ... 2*1220" Ton N Star.. . 24
lOOti Brunswick ... 102000 Ton N Star .. 2S
200 Bullfrog Mln. 65! 200 Orig Bullfrog. «5
500 Cent. Eureka.l Bo|looo Paymaster ... OS
20A Cent Eureka 1 901300 Pennsylvania 09
3317 Esperanza ... OH Sen Top 19
1000 Goldfield B Bl 0812000 Red Top 15
500 Goldfield Dmd Vt 1 500 Rescue 09
; 1000 GoW-M Ton. TOJ 200 Rescue » Of
10f> Jim Butler .. 40'lOno Sandstorm ... 49
250 T. Jumbo 99! 500 Sylvanla 25
200 Jumbo 62' ?00 Ton Belmont.. 89
«ono MarNamara . 271 100 Ton of Nev..ll 75
1500 MacNamara . 26[1000 Verde 09
300 Mont Ton . . .2 251
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District.
Bid. Ask. I . Bid. Ask.
Gold Anchor.. 20 25! Ton A Cal — 18
Jim Butler .. 40 —]Ton Exten ..3 10 —
Little Ton .. 35' Ton Midway.. 34 38
MacNamara J 25 27! Ton N Star... 24 28
Mont Ton ...2 15 2 20) Ton Ohio — 25
N T Ton Con. 10 14lTon of Nev..ll 50
Rescue 06 07' West End ... 15 19
, Ton Belmont.. 67 69!
Goldfield District.
Adams 10 lllGoldfleld Mhk. 14 18
' Black Ants .. — lOlGoldfleld BPk — 18
j Black Butte.. 21 22 Jumbo 82 H4
Blue Bull ... 27 —IJumbo Ex ... 21 28
Booth M Co.. 10 —iKendall 22 29
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANOft.
Following were the sales on the San Fran*
! Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session—Comstocks.
1000 Andes 35! 200 Ophir 7 59
2600 Alta 05! 500 Ophtr 7 62%
: 250 Belcher 20i 100 Overman 32
200 Best A Belch. 1 30' 100 Overman 34
200 Bullion 29 400 overman 35
400 Caledonia .... »! 500 Polos! 27
200 Caledonia .... 68! 200 Savage 65
500 Caledonia 67! 808 Savage 59
300 Con Cal A V.l 90! 500 Savage 84
100 Con Cal A V.l 95 50ti Scorpion 25
100 Confidence ... TTjU*9 Beg Belcher... 19
500 Crown Point.. 22! 500 Sierra Nev 62
100 Exchequer ... 811 200 Sierra Nev 89
! 200 Gould A Cur. 38 200 Silver Hill 68
! 400 Hale A Norc.l 70* 300 Union Coo 8T
! 200 Justice 121 600 Union Con 88
' 300 Mexican 2 20 100 Union Con 99
450 Mexican 2 25! 800 Utah Of
300 Occidental ... 971 500 Yellow Jacket. 38
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid Ask! Bid.Ask.
Alpha 1« lSlJulla 09 11
! Alta 06 06' Justice 12 18
Andes 34 351 Kentuck 03 04
Belcher 28 79 Lady Wash... 04 09
Best A Bel.. 1 35 1 40, Mexican 2 28 2 30
Bullion 27 29iOceldental ... 08 87
Caledonia ... «5 9MOphlr 750 7 82%
Challenge ... 28 30| Overman 33 84
Cbollar 39 41 Potosl 27 28
Confidence .. Bf, 901 Savage 85 W
|CC AVa 190 1 9f>l Scorpion 25 2S
Con Imperial. 01 02'Seg Belcher... 10 11
Con NY 04 06 Sierra Nevada 05 69
Crown Point. 21 23' Silver Hill 61 82
' F Sierra Nev. 07 - !St Louis 11 —
Eureka Con.. — SOlSyndicate 17 —
Exchequer ■• 62 63' Union Con 88 99
i Could A Cur. 37 40'rtah 10 11
! Hale A Nor. .1 65 1 75'Yel Jacket 34 88
' Columbia 34 — I Pennsylvania — 08
Diamondfteld. 28 —'Red Top IB 18
Dixie Mm ... 19 —'Sandstorm ... 47 48
j Goldfield Dmd 12 13' Vernal Mm ..14 IB
! Goldfield Mln. — 711
Other District*.
! Bullfrog Mm. 65 —IRay A O'Brien — OS
; Esperansa ... 01 02 ! Southwestern.. 60 —
'Lucky Tom.. — 061 Ton Gold Mt. 14 183
I Orlg Bullfrog. 20 25|
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were Ike sales on the Ssn Fran
! Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
2000 Blu Bull M. 28 1000 Orig Bullfrog. 21
: 1000 MacNamara . 28! 1000 Orig Bullfrog. 28
' 1000 MacNamara . 27' fmo Paymaster ... 08
600 Mont Ton .. .2 PB'IOOO Red Top 18
: 8000 Orig Bullfrog. 20! 500 Ton N Btar... 28
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid.Ask I Bid Ask.
Black Butte.. 21 28' Lucky Tom ..04 —■
Blue Bull M. 29 — MarNamara ..27 99
Bullfrog Mm. — 89! Mont Tojj. — 2 22%
Columbia ... 40 —NTT Con M 10 —
Dlamondfield. .— 23lOrig Bullfrog. 21 ~>
F»«peransa ... — 02' Paymaster ... 03 0*
Free Gold M. — IP Pa Goldfield.. — 19
: Gold Anchor. 27 40 Pine Grove .. 10 —
Goldfield 88l — 051 Red Top 15 —
Goldfield Mm. — 71 Rescue 08 8T
Oldfid Red L 05 — Rothwell 0 If — 59
Goldfield SPk — lSjSandstorm ... 48 —
Gold Mt Con. — 02' Ton Belmont.. 68 89
Haze! Kirk .. -r 12lTon Gold Mt. — 18
lumbo 80 fill Ton Midway.. 33 28
jumbo Ex... — 5l!joo of Nev..ll 00 —
Kendall 24 2* ; Ton N Star. .23 24
I Little Ton .. 25 40 \ ernal Mln ..18 -*
I California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks— ' Bid. Asked.
| Associated Oil Co 8 T Cert 26
i Central Point Con 70 ....
j Eour • *8 • •__
I Home .' *2 8J
\ Independence 29
Junction - IS
I Kern (new) _•
Kern River • • 12 00
Monte Crlsto Jg
1 Occidental of W. Va OT 93
Oil City Petroleum «*
Sovereign 30
Sterling
: Thirty-Three ■ • 8 zs
: Wolverine 40 ....
i Miscellaneous—
' Associated Otl Co Bonds.. 84 • •-
Northern Cal. Power 899
j SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Home Oil *■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOLDFIELD
jon6pah\
P 49JV j*U TMAMMA C THtMS >
Jbsb««Jljb«
The ARTof WISE IK VESTING
A book every investor in the land should
read Points out the essential characteristics
o' safe securities, with a review of financial
pitfalls, etc. Written in an entertaining,
popular style. Just Issued. Prion par
copy In cloth. 81: by maty 831.08.,
MOODY PUBLISHING CO.,
• 36 Hassan street. New York OUT.
2526
Closing Out
Our Entire
DOMESTIC DEPT.
Lace Curtains Portieres Tapestries
Draperies BlanKets Comforters
Bedspreads Sheets and Towels
impossible to show the entire stock at one time. Every day new
lines arc brought to the counters and every day is a bargain sale.
This is the greatest sale of domestic goods we hr.vo ever held. We
MUST make room for our rapidly growing Ready to Wear Garment
Department.
\Z l / 2 c Japanese Crepe, 5c a Yard
Prettily tinseled in a beautiful range of colorings, north i2 5 /ic
to 15c;.- closing out price, a yard • ** c
$1.50 SilKolnv? Comforters, 89c Each
Filled with fine, white cotton; full size for double bed; closing
out price, each , ; SOc
$6.00 Ail-Wool BlanKets, $3.95 Each
Full size, extra heavy, all wool, white; closing out sale price.
a pair $3.05
25c Curtain Nets, 15c a Yard
Big variety; 2~ to 50 inches wide; closing out price, a yard 13c
$2.00 White Bedspreads $1.15
P'xlra quality, full size for double beds: closing out price, each.sl
25c All-Linen Huck Towels, 19c Each
All linen; a great value; closing «>ut sale price, each 10c
70c Sheets, 54c Each
8l by oo inches, very large, extra heavy, good quality muslin;
closing out sale price, each .' 54c
25c Curtain Scrim, lie a Yard
Fancy open-work stripes; new patterns; 40 inches wide; closing
out sale price, a yard lie
$150 Lace Curtains, 75c a Pair
White Nottingham; three yards long; closing out sale price, a
pair 75c
$2.00 Lace Curtains, 95c a Pair
Arabian curtains, three yards long. 48 inches wide; closing out
sale price, a pair 05c
$4.00 Lace Bedspreads and Shams, $1.95 a Set
The shams ma,tch the spreads; full size; closing out sale price.
a set $1.95
$15.00 Real Irish Point Bedspreads With Shams, $7.50 a Set
Very beautiful; shams match the spreads: full size; closing out
sale price, a set $7.50
The Greatest Reductions Ever made in a Ready-to-Wear Gar
ment Department in San Francisco.
SUITS, SKIRTS, COATS and WAISTS
All This Season's Styles. Guaranteed Perfect Fit
Our entire stock of Suits. Coats, Waists and Skirts has been
reduced to an average of % and l /i less than the regular price. They
are all high grade, exclusive, up-to-date garments made by the.
best manufacturers in the world and of the best materials pro
curable.
Sample Sale of the Celebrated "Circum" Petticoats"
Some taffeta silks, moreens and sateens. .300 samples to go on
sale Monday morning, all at nearly one-half retail value and many
at less than it costs the manufacturers to produce them.
$5.00 Taffeta Petticoats, black only, at, each $2.05
$7.50 Taffeta Petticoats, black and colors, at, each $4.50
$10.00 Taffeta Petticoats, black and colors, at. each $5.50
$12.50 Taffeta Petticoats, black and colors, at, each $0.75
$15.00 Taffeta Petticoats, black and colors, at, each $8.75
$1.50 Striped Mercerized Petticoats, black and white, each 05c
$2.75 Mercerized Sateen Petticoats, black only, each $1.50
$3.75 Mercerized Sateen Petticoats, black and colors, each... .$3.75
EXTRA SPECIAL Free Embroidery McCall Patterns
All of our 53.50 Lessons will be —the February
linn marmot gi\ en In the Art numbers have just
and 34.00 Flannel Department. Third arrived. showine
Waists to be sold Floor every Frl- the latest SpHnf
this week at $1.95 day from one to Styles. Prices 10c
each. four p. m. and 15c each.
New Class for Chinese School.
Mrs. C. C. Newhall, principal of the
Chinese Primary School, called on
School Director Boyle yesterday and
reiterated her request that an addi
tional class be established in the Chi
nese Primary School and a teacher
aeslgmed thereto. Mrs. Newhall said
that since her last request ten more
ISMAR.
POSITIVE
POWER
In Clairvoyance, Psychic Manifesta
tions and Healing.
The Rev. Dr. R Heber Newton, for
merly pastor of Memorial Chapel at
Stanford University, but is now in New
fork, created something of a sensation
when, the other day, he declared his be
lief in psychic phenomena, clairvoyance
and telepathy.
.. -r TY* ~» -*f -far- - -
In truth. Dr. Newton merely recog
nizes that there are powers possessed by
Chinese had applied to be received
into the school in addition to the score
or more for whom there were already
no accommodations. Director Boyle
promised to recommend to the board
of Education the establishment of a
new class in the school. The .board
will in all likelihood comply with the
recommendation at next Thursday s
meeting. i
some that are vastly useful in aiding
others who do not possess these powers
Healing is another that the doctor might l
have added. In all the sweep of time !
no person has been found who manifests
these remarkable and valuable powers to
the extent that Ismar, the Gypsy seeress
does. The number of cases that have re
ceived benefits from her through these
gifts is marvelous. As a clairvoyant'
psychic adept and healer of diseases sh<>
has no equal anywhere on the earth. For
seven long years she has lived in Ban
Francisco, coming in contact with all
sorts of cases and invariably proving he
power. In the healing of diseases she is
continually doing a vast amount of good
to people of all classes and ages. Many
of the diseases she cures seem almost
miraculous, and a large percentage of
them have been pronounced incurable
Therefore, if you are ill, don't despair
See this wonderful woman at once. If
yon are curable, she can cure you as she
h&s cured others. Don't put it off till too
late. Remember that she uses no drugs
or chemicals in treating diseases.
If you arc at a distance, write her
She answers three questions for $1.00
>ull life Address ISMAR
1104 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.
Phone South 1141.
Ofllce hours. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. Sun
days. 10 m. to 12 m. Evejfings by ap
pointment only. Send stamps for book
let, i
•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. JANUARY g, 1905.
DISCOVERY OF SIXTH
NOON OF JUPITER.
Review of Work of Perrine'
DRAWING ILLUSTRATING THE SYSTEM OF JUPITER AND ITS MOONS, IN
CLUDING THE SIXTH SATELLITE RECENTLY DISCOVERED BY PROFES
SOR PERRINE OF LICK OBSERVATORY STAFF ON MOUNT HAMILTON.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 7.—The following in
teresting account of the discovery of
the sixth satellite of Jupiter by Pro
fessor Perrine has been prepared by W.
W. Campbell, director of the Lick Ob
servatory on Mount Hamilton:
"MOUNT HAMILTON, Jan. 6.—The
accompanying drawing will serve to
illustrate the system of Jupiter and its
moons, including the sixth moon, Just
discovered by Professor Perrine of the
Lick Observatory staff.
"For three years Professor Perrine's
programme of work has contemplated
a thorough search of the regions sur
rounding the planets of the solar sys
tem with a view to the discovery of
any unknown satellites. This work,
however, has been delayed pending the
replacing of the defective Crossley re
flector mounting with a suitable mod
ern structure, thanks mainly to the
generosity of Mrs. Phoebe A. Hearst.
This has been under way during the
past two years and was substantially
completed about six weeks ago. Photo
graphic observations of the region im
mediately west of Jupiter were ob
tained by Professor Perrine on Decem
ber 3, 8, 9 and 10. A comparison of the
plates made on successive nights
showed the presence of an unknown
body, which changed its positions as
indicated on the illustration under the
corresponding dates. The probabilities
were strongly in favor ( of its being a
satellite of Jupiter, but it was not im
possible that one of the numerous aste
roids in our system might at the time
be moving manner observed. The
lunar character of the object has just
been established by Professor Perrine
by means of photographs secured on
January 2, 3 and 4. These gave tp the
unknown body the positions indicated
on the corresponding dates.
"Tfte planet Jupiter, some 88.C00 miles
in diameter, is the central body in the
illustration. The first, second, third
and fourth satellites, discovered by
Galileo in 1610, follow the circular or
bits indicated by their numbers. These
satellites are very bright, being from
2100 to 3500 miles in diameter. The in
ner satellite, numbered V. was discov
ered by Professor Barnard with the
great Lick telescope in September, 1892.
It is approximately of the thirteenth
magnitude, is perhaps 100 miles in
diameter and revolves around the
planet in a period of 11 hours 57.4 min
utes. The outer Galilean satellite re
quires 16 days 17 hours to complete one
revolution. The distance of the sixth
satellite is as yet not definitely known,
inasmuch as the form and the positions
of its orbit cannot be determined until
observations covering at least two or
three months are at hand. However, its
diameter is probably of the order of 100
miles, and the period of one revolution
may be as long as six or eight months.
"The direction of the motion of the
new satellite appears to be opposite to
that of the others, but it is not impos
sible that a difference of a few degrees
in t-he position of its orbit may explain
the anomaly.
"W W. CAMPBELL, Director.'
MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE
IS DECLARED A FORGERY
Counsel for Captain Mulliken, Who Is
Being Tried by Courtmartlal,
Makes Startling Charge.
CHICAGO, Jan. 7.—lnvestigation as
to whether or not Captain David B.
Mulliken, Twenty-seventh Regiment,
was legally married in 1901 to a 20
--year-old Fillipino girl led to the charge
that an alleged* certified copy of the
marriage certificate is spurious.
"William A. Adams, civil counsel for
Mulliken, declared the document
"false, fraudulent and a forgery."
I Adams then produced another paper,
I which he said was the original certlft
' cate of Mulllken's marriage In March,
1901, to Reglna Batismo, daughter of j
a Filipino merchant. This original, it
j was asserted, had never been filed with j
the authorities In the town of Esca- •
lante, Occidental Negros, P. 1., accord- j
Ing to law, and the marriage therefore j
was invalid. Forgery of another mar- j
rlage certificate, it was charged, was j
restarted to by a Filipino Justice of the
Peace to shield himself from punish
ment for neglect of duty. This forgery,
it was asserted, was used against Mul
liken.
"We can show that cmc of the wit- !
nesses who signed this alleged certifi- j
cate was a cattle thief, an ex-convict
and not to be believed under oath,"
declared the defendant's attorney.
Miss Medora Cook, daughter of the
Rev. P. S. Henson of Tremont Temple,
Boston, has been elected professor of
singing in the London Royal College of
1 Music.
BEAUTY SPOT
AROUSES ENVY
Daisy Leiter, Now Wife of
Earl of Suffolk, Discards
Artistic Facial Decoration
Special Disnatch to The Call.
LONDON, Jan. ".—When Misa Daisy '
Leiter, now the wife of the Earl of j
Suffolk, was in England last time it !
was noticed that she had discarded the '
"beauty spot' she had affected so long
and which had excited so much curl- I
3sity among her feminine friends in j
Mayfair. The "spot" was much dis- I
cussed in London drawing-rooms at 1
that time. It was so beautifully done
that any money would have been paid
for another "spot" like it: but the
Countess was not short for a dollar or ■:
two and she kept the secret. A pe
culiarity of this spot was that it never
remained stationary more than an hour
< r so. One day it was on one eide of
the face, moving about from one point
to another in pome mysterious manner,
out always producing the desired ef
fect. It would be transferred to the op
posite side the next day, and so on.' as
the caprice of its wearer dictated. The
mystery of thf moving "spot" caused
trouble at last. While aristocratic
maids and matrons of Mayfair and
Kelgravia were privileged to discuss it
freely, the servants at the "Priory" at
Reignte, where the Countess was stay
ing wiih her sister and brother-in-law.
Lord Curzon, were expected to be more
discreet. They giggled one day in her
hearing nbout the "spot." with tho re
suH that the "Priory" was that evening
minus half a dozen members of its do
mestic staff.
Motor driving by society women
promises to be the /craze of the next
London seitson, and there is every indi
cation that American women ;ire *n
ii.g to take a prominent part in it. The
latest among them to take lessons are
the Marchioness of Dufferin and young
Mrs. Bradley-Martin. Both have been
receiving instruction irom a well
known French expert in Paris and ex
pect to have their certificates of con.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dangerous
dandruff
There is no denying the
fact that dandruff is
dangerous— to the life and
vitality of the hair. It is
the outward manifestation
of an unhealthy condition
of the scalp, and if
neglected will surely result
in the loss of the hair, the
appearance of premature
old age and ultimate
baldness., Coke Dandruff
Cure not only quickly
removes every trace of
dandruff from the scalp,
but positively prevents its
recurrence. It is a
delightfully refreshing
tonic, without a trace of
sulphur or any injurious
ingredients, and when
faithfully used has proved
its ability over and over
again to produce a heavy,
luxuriant growth of hair
where all other remedies
and formulas have failed.
Thin, brittle and poor hair,
therefore, need no longer
bp a source of mortification
to any one. What Coke
Dandruff Cure has done
for thousands it can and
will do for you. Your
drugeist will tell you the
same story. Get a bottle
to-day and try it.
Coke Dandruff
Cvre
Ask your druggist.
_ _ —
Women and ChUdren
The Sale begins Monday morning, January 9th. We have prepared for the biggest Under
muslin event ever held in San Francisco. By means of such sales as this we have come to .be
San Francisco's greatest White Goods store. Here is the policy that has helped us to success:
All goods must be of the best possible quality. We promptly reject any goods marked by
poor material, poor sewing, and skimpt or broken sizes. We insist upon daintiness and artistic
designs/ We deal with none but clean, sanitary factories, and insist upon absolute cleanliness.
During this sale we will be able to offer garments that have passed the above test at
about half the usual cost, less than the ordinary cost of materials. We will have plenty of extra
help, extra delivery service and every convenience we can command will be yours. Come to
morrow.
Corset Covers Muslin Skirts
The materials are fine Cambric and Nainsook. Only the one material—Muslin, and a very fine
The trimmings are lace edging and bisections; em- grade at any of the prices quoted. You'll appreciate
broidery edgings and insertions; tucking and ribbons. the deep flounces, the wide embroidery edging, the
Many style designs and very superior workmanship. hemstitching, the clusters of tucks, the insertion.
Choosing will be easy and prices about half the They are all delicately placed in designs that are
usual: beautiful.
~y Q~ en. on. np. ffi ia There are dozens of styles to select from and at
GVC *OC jyg Oyc *OC 91. IU in the other lines a saving of about half is possible
Drawers at these prices:
Three materials—Cambric, Muslin and Nainsook. 98c $1.25 $1.48 $2.48
Twelve styles to choose from. Trimmings of deli- $1.19 $1.38 $1.69 $3.30
cate lace, dainty embroidery, clusters of tucks, bead
ing and satin ribbons.
No skimping of materials; no slighting of the GOWnS
fono k ws anShiP ' PriCCd °" a Half reducti ° n basis ' 38 The materials are Nainsook and Muslin. The
_ styles too varied for description here. There are.
25C 39C 59C 75c 89C 98C however, good assortments in both high neck and
long sleeves and low neck and short sleeves. You'll
Skirt Chemise say with us tnat a ™ ore dainty collection of gowns
Nainsook is the only material, but the trimming w . ould be . ha f r 4 to find 'T£ ee r e is a Profusion of all
designs are varied, using blind embroidery, insertion, the popular trimmings with deep yokes of lace and
lace, tucks and hemstitching. Deep yokes and wide embroidery prominent. The prices:
flounces are features. dJKc SI 15 $1 4fl
Surely selection will be an easy matter at these ci* m>*- 4ic «i <»r
special prices: \ 59C $1.25 $1.75
98c $1.25 $1.48 $1.98 98c $1.29 $2.50
Infants' Undermuslins
Drawers—Made of heavy muslin. Skirts—Extra heavy muslin with Skirts—Cambric of .a fine qual
with 3-inch hemstitched, tucked deep hemstitched and tucked ity, flounce of hemstitched tucks
and ruffletl flounces. Spe- 1 ruffle. Sizes 4 to 10 1 Qf% anc * dainty embroidery. Sizes oto
cial price I/v years. Special price I7C 3 years. Special price... Cf/\ _
Drawers —Made of muslin; fin- Skirts — Extra wide Cambric *^V/w
ished with embroidery and lace Skirt with deep flounce, trimmed Gowns — Extra good muslin;
edgings and tucks. Spe- with tucks. Sizes 4to 10 A square yokes and embroi- CTQ/*
cial price years. Special price dered edges. Special price
Drawers—Made of Cambric with Skirts—Made of fine Cambric Dresses—Lawn dresses. Russian
clainty hemstitched and embroidery with embroidered flounce. Sizes style, with three large plaits, back
edges. Special price * 4 years " Special a °d front. Special price
White Goods Sale of Allover A
By the Yard _
For those who prefer making H Tl\ hrAlilOrioC
their own Lingerie we have se- •wllWl VlMvl IW 4®lCTpsfo.
lectea from our ■ yy j • AwSr** XT ifuML.
CLOSINO-OUTSALEofth. dXUI JtugUlgS tit 2^B>
DOMESTIC DEFASTMIHT C* JVU 9 Wft
Six Special Values in White Goods. Begins Monday SSpAy fffL
At 7i/> yd Plain white vie- Still another Companion Sale f° r cmj?& mL\ f wffi
CTon. and iun.oti£Lp?rTO good** those who prefer to make their own W W fa%«&£^'
Regular values isc a yard. Lingerie. Our Embroidery Depart- teE'-tnMT
At Bcyd.™f s .°^ P !r ment has always been known for its.
checked Lawns and Nainsooks. Reg- splendid values, but this Sale will add
ular values 12% c and 15c a yard. f.«, x . ' , S^jafi/
At HrvH open work wwte still more to its fame.
I ll* YW. i, awn ■, Satin am V> • • «
Allover Embroidery
At "iVc yd. ™& Embroideries Edgings
Hants—stylish English goods in a An importer's entire stock. There are about 3000 yards
choice assortment of patterns. Reg- r , . c c c • vr - < j
ular values-35c a yard. Elegant goods in open work of fine Swiss, Nainsook and
At ?4r yd white Persian patterns. Cut-out and scroll Cambric Edgings and Inscr-
Jtl tffU »M. i,awne, 48 in. wide. v . , . . , .. , f, . ~
also plain white victoria Lawns and work designs, so much in de- tions in the most desirable pat-
08 ™and now for Shirtwaists, terns which we offer at about
At 5Ar vrf Mercerizedßsauuwe Yokes and Corset Covers. 25 half price.
y and Fancy White , . , . r rri
Oxfords—Fina Manchester goods in a Styles to CnoOSe irom. Ine 12 and 15c Embrolderiea for J» c
choice assortment of patterns and w'idtll IS 21 inches.
qualities; 50c values. ' 20c aiid 25c Embrolderiea for 1
$1.25, $1.50 and $2.00 Allovers *
French Organdies are marked to sell aoc . an^3s^ Embro ! der . ieB . for :: 14c
To be closed out at the following at "f Ov 40c and 45c Embroideries for.. |
360 $2.50, $3.00, $3.50 and $4.00 60c and' 60c Embroideries' for!.'
B6c quality tor .%,■><• Allovers are f O 'J. V/lIM' '1..11 "t ' * 1
I,oth in 68-mch width. mafked to sell at QOC *3c
Paris Muslins "jJJJT -o**\ 71 S\
The 50-inch width. These spe- C/J Vj/fHifl fS\
q mckly HCeS CIUSC UlCm A+mW* mSJUUI& CC
mv quality for tlijv
R6c (piality for T*T*v *y mm
R:S!ffl!?S:: Cor. 9eary and Srant Jive.
petency before the commencement of
the seat-on. .
SKILLED (HAI FIEIR.
In Louden the Marchioness had les
sens in the m« hanlcal part at the au
tomobile school in Mayfair. and it is
said tjhat she now understands every )
detail in the construction of her car.
The Mi'.rchioness is of a very nervous j
temperament, and it was some time j
before i=he cou'd command sufficient j
courage to take a spin in a car even I
when accompanied by her husband. All j
this nervousness is now worn off. and !
she promises to become one of the most
accomplished drivers .in Great Britain, i
Young Bradley-Martin is an expert }
driver. so that his bride j can ;
always have instruction ready at !
hand. At the school she would not j
learn the mechanical- part of the work,
contending that it was a man's and
not a woman's work. "When I drive
a car," she said, "I shall have a chauf
feur to do anything mechanical that is
meded." ;
The keen personal interest which the
Duchess of Marlborough takes in the j
Children's Hospital, Great Ormond ;
street, was shown by the fact that j
when a violent gas explosion took place i
in the immediate neighborhood of the ;
hospital a few days ago she was the
first to send a message of inquiry re
garding the safety of the Institution
and the children and nurses housed
there. This hospital Is one of the chief
objects of her charitable attention, and
when there is anything needed to add
to the comfort or the enj<syment o%the
little ones confined there vhe no
ways be depended on to render sub
stantial aid. Every Christmas she sends
flowers and evergreens, with Wsiich the
sick rooms and dormitories ar& deco
rated.
POOR OFFICER'S CHANCE.
Consternation has been caused In
"upper tendom" by the announcement
that the army council has decided to
enforce drastic measures to stop the
extravagance which practically re
-1 atricts commissions in cavalry regi
| ments to men with large private means, i
i This means that this branch of the |
service will no longer be officered ex
! clusively by the scions of wealthy
I houses and blue-blooded young arislo-
I crats will have to submit to the hu
i miliation of plebeian association and
! competition. And, worse than that, as
' the result of giving free play lat
] ter they will be distanced by youths
| who, having no fortunes of their own,
| will seek promotion and increased pay
by taking their profession seriously, in-
I stead of devoting themselves to cards
; and sports and other means of getting
! a good time out of life.
The aristocratic officers have brought
it on themselves. For a long time they
| have had things all their own way in
these crack regiments, commissions in
; which have been regarded as their spe-
I cial perquisites. They have been tried
: and found wanting—wanting in brains.
| For their accommodation and encour
| agement the educational standard was
■ considerably reduced, and still there
| were not enough of them capable of
1 passing these easy tests to fill the va
! cancies, of which there are now thirty
j three for officers of the cavalry of the
; line. So the fiat has gone forth, the
• doors are to be thrown open and the
j man who has to live on his pay is to be
given a fair chance. And meanwhile
the pets of society are to be denied the
I solace of making a splurge with their
I cash in the regimental messes. Sympa-
I thetic Mayfair echoes their opinion that
it is a "beastly shame."
j PERKINS AWAITS VERDICT
OF THE LEGISLATURE
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7.—ln an inter
view to-night on the question as to how
he stood in regard to the recession of
the Yc-semite Valley to the National
Government to be incorporated in the
Yosemite National Park. Senator Per
views might be he stood ready to repre
kins said that whatever his personal
sent and urge the wishes of California
as they might be expressed by the
Legislature of that State.
If California wished the valley given
over to the care of the National Gov
ernment it would probably say so
through its Legislature at this session,
and silence on the subject he would un
derstand to mean that the present con
ditions are considered as well enough.
ADVERTISKM EN'TS.
DON'T
Don't simply "get a bottle
of cough medicine." Get
Good cough medicine. Ask
your druggist for
"Adatnii
Irish Moss Cough Balsam
and you will have the best,
the kind that cures in a day.
It costs you no more than
the thousand and one un
known kinds that the dealer
tries to sell you becaust of
larger profits.VOLUME XCVII—NO. 39.
POLICE SEARCH FOR
MISSING GIRL.
ToungflaroaretSealsDroDsFromSigfii:
Margaret Seals, a fourteen-year-old
girl, whose home is at 235 A Langton
street, has disappeared and up to a
late hour last night the detective had
found no trace of her. The last seen of
her was at 3:45 o'clock Friday after
noon, when she left the fruit store on
Fourth street, near Folsom, where she
was employed, saying that she wanted
to go home for a few minutes.
Her employer, .a Greek named D.
Liapis, says the girl asked him for
$2 on account of her wages Friday af
ternoon, representing that her mother
wanted the money to pay her rent.
He complied with the request and then
she asked to be allowed to have from
4to 5 o'clock to take the $2 home. She
did not return and at 9 o'clock that
night the anxious parents came to
make inquiry about their daughter,
whom they had not seen since noon.
The police were notified yesterday
and the parents and Liapis were in
consultation last evening with Captain
Burnett of the detective bureau. The
parents fear the girl has met with foul
play, but the detectives are convinced
that she has run away from home. It
was learned that Margaret had com
plained that her mother beat her often
and made home unhappy for her. She
declared that selling fruit was very
distasteful to her and she did it only
because her mother compelled her to
work.
Mrs. Seals explains that she did not
ask her daughter to bring home $2 for
the rent payment. It is thought that
Margaret adopted this ruse to get what
little money she could preparatory to
running away. Her wages were 15 a
week.
The girl is known to have frequently
met young men. She did this clan
destinely, she told a friend, because her
mother would always give her a beat
ing for what the maternal law held to
be misconduct.
For a while yesterday the Police De
partment was excited over the case
and, as- usual, suggestions were made
of a repetition of the Xorah Fuller
murder. But Investigation resulted In
clearing everybody of suspicion.
The Seals family came from British
Columbia some time ago. The girl was
employed for a time as a wrapper at
the Emporium.
GOOD BEEF FROM CROSS
OF BISON WITH CATTLE
British Stock Grower Pleased With
the Result of His Experi
ment.
Ep»ci») Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1905, by the New York
Her&id Publishing Company.
LONDON, Jan. 7.—For some time
Mr. Ley land of Haggerston Castle has
been experimenting with a cross of
the North North American bison and
various types of British bred cattle.
His idea is to provide a variant of
British beef.
The first two of these animals sent
to the market were a cross between
the bison and a highland variety,
which has just arrived at Newcastle.
The animals had grown to maturity in
wild state and much resembled their
American ancestors, clothed with the
black, shaggy coat pf the true bison,
with his splendid horns and shoulders.
Great difficulty was experienced in
getting the animals to Newcastle, as
they were wild and fierce. One had
to be shot in its box.
When skinned and cut up it ap
peared that the beef was very rich and
•of better quality than the ordinary.
Tries to Kill Police Chief.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 7.—Dis
patches to the Novoe Vremya from
Ekaterinoslav says that a nobleman
named Ivanitzky fired at the Chief of
Police at Ekaterinoslav on Friday, but
. missed him. Ivanitzy was arrested,
but refused to state his motive for at
tempting to shoot the official.
THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at San FYanclsco for
thirty hour* ending midnlrht, Janu
ary 8:
San FYanciaco and vloinlty—Cloudy
and ur.sattled weather Sunday, possibly
showers by ni»nt; fresh south wind*.
, A. O. MeAME,
District Forecaster.
PURE FOOD
BILL WILL
IT PiSS
Whisky Rectifiers
Charged With
Its Defeat.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.—Friends of
the pure food hill passed by the House
and now pending in the Senate, es
pecially members of the International
Pure Food Congress, believe that the
whisky rectifiers of the country have
killed the measure, so far as the pres
ent session Is concerned. As a conse
quence they are coming to this city
to see what can be dons in the way of
resurrection.
H. H. Allen of Kentucky, secretary of
the Pure Food Congress, arrived In
Washington tc-day to appear before
a committee of Congress and present
to Senators and Representatives reso
lutions in favor of the passage of the
present bill.
Tt is asserted that a tremendous lob
by, representing the whisky rectifiers
of the country, who, according to Dr.
H. W. Wiley, produce 85 per cent of
the ordinary whisky of American com
merce, has been on the ground ever
since the session begun. The Pure
Food Congress took a decided stand In
favor of bottling whisky in bond, and
the bill now pending is opposed by the
rectifiers because they would be com
pelled to label their product as adul
terated whisky and then offer it for sale
at hotels, clubs and bars.
BRITISH COLUMBIA BARS
LONGFELLOW'S "EVANGELINE"
Beautiful Poem Banished From the
Schools Because of Its Anti-
British Spirit.
TORONTO. Ontario. Jan. 7.—Long
fellow's "Evangeline" has been ban
ished from the British Columbia
schools. Two reasons are given for
this treatment of the unhappy
Evangeline. One is that the poem is
tainted with anti-British spirit and the
other that, although it is a beautiful
and highly moral production, it is be
coming stale to the teachers from long
use.
Lamb's "Tales From Shakespeare"
also are to be cut out of the school
readers.
THE M CALL
YOUNG GIRL, WHOSE MYSTERI
OUS DISAPPEARANCE IS BEING
INVESTIGATED BY POLICE.
FIFTY PAGES—SAM FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905—PAGES 27 TO 38.
VOTE SHOWS
THAT ADAMS
IS ELECTED
Peabody's Opponent
Is Governor of
Colorado.
Canvass Reveals That Dem-
ocrat Is Entitled to
the Office.
Count Gives Him a Plurality of
9774 Over the Republican
Candidate.
DENVER. Jan. ".—Alva Adams was ;
to-night declared by the Legislature to
be the duly elected Governor of Colo
rado. The returns showed Adams 123,
--078, Peabody 113,304; plurality for
Adams, 9774.
A che*v greeted the announcement of
the result of the election when made
by Lieutenant Governor Heggott.
The Republican candidates to all the
Other State offices were declared elect
ed. Under the terms of the agreement [
reached to-day by the various factions
in the Legislature no notice of contest ;
can be filed by Governor Peabody un
til after the inauguration of Adams,
which is set for 10 o'clock Tuesday
morning. It has not yet been definitely i
decided by Governor Peabody whether
he will make a contest.
DOVE OF PEACE.
When the Legislature convened this
morning Representative William Grif
fith of Cripple Creek asked for a recess
until 4 o'clock in the afternoon, giving
■a his reason for the request that "the
white-winged dove of peace is about to t
light on the dome of the Capitol." It was
nine long hours before the dove came
down, and many and devious had been
her flights before It reached its perch.
It was finally agreed at 5 o'clock in the
afternoon that the vote should be can- ;
vassed, that Alva Adams should be de
flared Governor and that no contest '■■
should be made for any office until
after his inauguration at 10 o'clock
next Tuesday morning.
Throughout the entire struggle for
the Governorship the chief aim of both
Democrats and Republicans has been
to secure the appointment of the two
new Judges to the Supreme Court. The
Wolcott Republicans were insistent in
their demand that they be recognized
in the appointment of the Judges, and
it was finally agreed that the ap
pointees should be George W. Bailey of
Fort Collins and L. M. Goddard of Den
ver. The Wolcott men made a strong
fight for Judge M. E. Lewis of Colo
rado Springs, whom they preferred to
Goddard, but they finally gave way.
PEABODY INDIGNANT.
When the Republican leaders called
upon Governor Peabody to inform him
of the conclusions they had reached
and to tell him that his only hope of a
second term lay through a contest in
the Republican Legislature they were
met by a wrathful and indignant man.
It was only the personal pleadings of
some of his closest friends that finally
induced him to agree to the plan pro
posed and to send the names of Bailey
and Goddard to the Senate for con
firmation.
The Peabody men refused to give
way until the Supreme Court this aft
ernoon refused to declare legal the pro
ceedings of yesterday. It would not de
clare them Illegal, simply declining to
pass on the" matter at all. With the
Joint session not declared legal all
things that came from it were In the
same position, and the Peabody men
then agreed to compromise.
The Senators filed into the House,
with Lieutenant Governor Haggott
leading The Lieutenant Governor
mounted the Speaker's rostrum, where
Speaker Dickson was awaiting him.
The men eyed each other for a second
and then Haggott, with a laugh, ex
tended his hand and it was cordially
grasped. The Speaker stepped back
and the Lieutenant Governor called the
session to order. He announced the
purpose of the joint session to be the
canvassing of the vote, and then gave
way to the Speaker.
COURT ORDER MADE
The Supreme Court this afternoon di
rected the Commissioners to deliver the
ballot boxes to the commltte, with the
understanding that a representative of
the commission be present when they
are opened.
When the court convened at 2 o'clock
Chief Justice Gabbert announced thatl
the Election Commissioners were prop
erly officers of the court and as such it'
was their duty to turn over to the!
legislative committee the ballot boxes i
used at the last election, and he would •
therefore issue an order to that effect.
Jutice Gabbert declined to make a rul
j ing concerning the legality of yester
day's proceedings in the House. This
was a disappointment to the Peabody
, Republicans, who had hoped for a de
; clsion upholding the legality of the pro
ceedings.
Although the court had given Sen
ator Patterson until 2 o'clock to pre
pare his answer to the petition, it an
nounced the decision without affording
i him time to speak. He expressed him
self as surprised at the action of the
court and asked for leave to file a de
murrer. It was refused, and the court
directed the clerk to enter the order.
No Ultimatum to Venezuela.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.—Reports
that this Government has addressed
an ultimatum to Venezuela are offi
cially declared to be untrue. Although
the situation there has long been one
of considerable annoyance to this Gov
ernment, its patience is not yet ex
hausted, and recent instructions have
been Sent to Minister Bowen.
JAPAN PREPARING GREAT PRISON CAMP
ANTI-VETO
BULL DRAWS
IIP BY POPE
Will Not Be Made
Public Until His
Death.
Combats the Claims Put
Forth by Austria, France
and Spain. .
Member of Secret College Whose Sov
ereign Opposes Any Cardinal
Will Be Debarred.
ROME. Jan. 7.—One of the most Im
portant acts thus far in the pontificate
of Pope Pius X has been embodied in a
secret bull, the text of which will not
be made public until the Pontiff is dead,
when it will be read as forming part
of the constitution in the next conclave
that wiil elect Pope Pius' successor.
The bull is in connection with the
claims- of Austria. France and Spain
as to their right to veto the election of ]
any Cardinal to the papacy. Not all
the Cardinals have been informed as
to the contents of the document, it hav
ing been drawn up in accordance with
a decision reached by the Cardinals liv
ing in Rome with the exception of Car
dinal Rampolla, who is absent from the
city.
Briefly, the bull says that all Cardin
als are absolutely forbidden under pen
alty of exclusion from the conclave
and not beuig allowed to vote to be the
bearer of a message of veto, and that if
any Cardinal, knowing the intention of
his ruler to object to the election of a
Cardinal, communicates this intention
to his colleagues in the conclave he also
will be excluded and not allowed to
vote.
LAWS9S GOES
TO AID MOODY
Will Give Attorney General
Evidence Against the
Amalgamated Company
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Jan. 7.—Thomas W. Law
j son announced in an interview to-day
; that he was going to Washington at
i once to confer with the Attorney Gen
| eral regarding the prosecution of the
Amalgamated Copper Company under
the interstate commerce and anti-trust
laws. Lawson refuses to state what ac
tion will be taken, but admits that he
will present certain evidence against
the Amalgamated which will make
prosecution by Moody practically cer
tain. The wires have been laid for
some time, and Senator Stone of Mis
souri paved the way by opening up the
question of money spent by Standard
Oil in the Bryan campaign.
"I received in my mail this morning,"
said Lawson, "268 letters from all over
the country from people who said that
they would not go into the market with
their January dividends until conditions
were decidedly changed. Walt a day or
two and see something happen."
BIGAMIST ENJOYS LIFE
WHILE HIS WIVES WORK
Three Women Married to One Man
Learn They Are Dupes of a
Clever Schemer.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.—"But I mar
ried only three wives," said Adam
Czupak when he pleaded guilty to a
charge of bigamy before Magistrate
Baker.
The police said that Czupak gave
each of his helpmates to understand
that he was searching for work In the
country. He would visit each wife for
a day or two every week and get from
her what money he could. The three
in this manner kept him in good
clothes and spending money.
Wife No. 1 was Katie Smalce. She
lives In Brooklyn and has one child.
Wife No. 2 waa Maria Obuskiwlcz.
She lives In Jersey City. The third
wife was Antonla Prustowskl of this
city. Like the other two, she works
for a living.
Czupak's system worked smoothly
until a few days ago, when wife No. 3
became suspicious and enlisted the
services of a notary public, who lo
cated wife No. 1 in Brooklyn. Magis
trate Baker issued the warrant.
Young Man Is Fatally Injured.
PALO ALTO, Jan. 7.—David Arnot,
while employed at St. Patrick's The
ological Seminary, to-day met with
an accident that may prove fatal. A
new wing to the seminary is being
built and a brick fell from a height of
sixty feet, striking Arnot on the head,
making a wound two Inches deep. Ar
not Is not expected to recover. He is
17 years old and a son of John Arnot
of this place.
Twenty Thousand Cacturefl Russians Will Be
Housed Near the Cltu of Kure. •
TOKIO, Jan. B.—lt is understood that
the Sanyo Railway has been instructed
to make preparations to transport 20,000
Russian prisoners from Shimonoseki to
Kure. It is probable that the prisoners
will be quartered near Kure. The more
seriously sick and wounded will be left
in the field hospitals at Port Arthur for
the present. Those capable of heing
moved will be brought to Japan when
arrangements for housing them have
been completed.
TOKIO, Jan. 7.—General Nogi reports
the following additional transfer of
prisoners at Port Arthur, made yester
day, January 6:
Twenty-seventh Rifle Regiment (ad
ditional), 1000 men.
Twenty-eighth Rifles, 52 officers, 1505
men.
Seventh Battalion reserve (con
scripts), 14 officers, 282 men.
Third Battalion reserve (conscripts),
12 officers. 208 men.
Tenth Regimental headquarters, 2
officers, 66 men.
Eleventh and Twelfth (mixed) Regi
ment, Third Division, 4 officers, 195
men.
Fourth Artillery Brigade, 26 officers,
901 men.
Garrison Artillery, 2 officers, 113 men.
Kwangtung Garrison Artillery, 6S
officers, 2783 men.
Gendarmes. 2 officers, 24 men.
Total, 182 officers, 7177 men.
One hundred and fifty-one officers
were paroled.
In naval circles here the recall of the
second Pacific squadron is not re
garded as a sign that Russia does not
hope for final success on the seas. It
is considered that the authorities in
St. Petersburg have realized the im
probability of the second Pacific
squadron alone defeating Vice Admiral
Togo and has recalled it to await rein
forcements and to further train its
officers and men, preparatory to a su
preme effort for the mastery. A naval
officer said to-day:
"Japan has confidently awaited the
arrival of the second Pacific squadron
of the Russian navy in the Far East.
It would have been a splendid fight.
Now we must prepare for the future,
of which we are not afraid."
A celebration at Hlbiya Park to-day,
under the auspices of the Tokio mu
nicipality, ended the week's jubilation
begun upon the return of Vice Admiral
Togo from the front. There were
speechmaklng and fireworks, and the.
students and merchant guilds paraded
the streets, which were gay with flags
and lanterns.
Five hundred of the wounded men
from Port Arthur were permitted to
leave the hospitals and were feted at
the Imperial Hotel.
Rear Admiral Kataoka, in his report
received yesterday, says that the com
manders of the flotillas sent to Kiao
chau and Chefu have returned, satis
fied that the German and Chinese au
thorities have completely disarmed the
Russian vessels which sought refuge in
those ports.
FOCK AMONG THE SLAIN.
Report of the Gallant General's Death
at Last Confirmed.
MUKDEN, Friday, Jan. 6.—Though
the news of Port Arthur's capitulation j
was first generally known here to-day,
it was surmised by the Russian army
on January 4 from the cheering heard
in the Japanese camp along the entire
line. The news created no surprise, be
cause the army had become accustomed
to the possibility of Port Arthur's fall i
before the battle of Liaoyang and since, j
While concerned over the disaster, the j
Russians are lost in admiration of the j
wonderful and unexampled defense. j
Although the deaths of Generals Fock
were not published
here, the facts regarding Fock had
been accepted for six weeks and the
condition of Port Arthur was known
throughout. The authorities here as
early as December 25 denied that relief
vessels had successfully run the block
ade, as reported, and candidly admitted
the desperation of the heroic defenders.
The Russians regarded the prediction
Continued on Page 30, Column 6.
RUSSIAN PRINCE WHO ESCAPED IN DISGUISE FROM PORT ARTHUR, IDOL
IZED GENERAL WHO WAS KILLED NEAR THE END OF THE SIEGE
AND GERMAN COMMANDER WHO IS WAGING WAR IN SOUTH AFRICA.
DRIVE BACK
TRIBESMEN
Capture a Native
Village in
Africa.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, Jan. 7.—Lieutenant General
yon Trotha. commander in chief of the
German forces in German Southwest
Africa, cables that Major Meisler had
stubborn fights on January 2, S and 4,
with 1000 Withers and occupied Gross
nabas after fifty hours' fighting. The
losses have not yet been ascertained.
GREAT NAVY FOR RUSSIA.
Experts Will Meet In Paris to Discuss
Building Plans.
PARIS. Jan. 7.—Vice Admiral Dou
bassoff. who succeeded Admiral Kaz
na-koff a? Russian representative on
the International North Sea Commis
sion, arrived here to-day and was re
ceived by Foreign Minister Delcasse.
It is known that his service on the
North Sea Commission is a mere in
cident, his chief mission being to pre
side at the meeting of the naval tech
nical commission, which is considering
the complete rehabilitation of the Rus
sian navy. This is not connected with
the fall of Port Arthur or with the
present war, as the Russians recognize
the necessity of recruiting their navy
without reference to the contest with
Japan. Therefore, Dolgeroukoff, Por
ectkine, Brlncke and other naval ex
perts have arrived here after visiting
the shipyards of Europe for the pur
pose of learning their capacity for the
execution of an extensive programme
for naval construction. Admiral Dou
bassoff will preside at the meeting of
experts and go over the reports.
It is understood that the Russian
programme contemplates the expendi
ture of $200,000,000 during the next
three years In naval rehabilitation.
The meeting of the experts leads to a
coincidental gathering of the repre
sentatives of the leading shipyards, in
cluding the American yards.
TOT THEATERS.
ALCAZAR—"OId Heldelbere;." Mati
nee To-Day.
CALIFORNIA—BIack Pattl Trouba
dours.
COLUMBIA —"Sultan of Sulu."
CENTRAL—"ChiId Slave* of New
York." Matinee To-Day.
CHUTES —Vaudeville.
FISCHER'S —Vaudeville.
GRAND—"The Darling of the Ooda."
MAJESTIC—"HeId by the Enemy."
ORPHEl'M—Vaudeville. Matinee To-
Day.
TIVOLI—"Kin* Dodo."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SNAKE YARN
DOOMS THE
CABBAGES
Growers of the Mid
dle West Lose
Millions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DEB MOINES, Jan. 7.—"Five mil
lion dollars paid for a He," is the way
J. W. Brown, a Dcs Moines wholesale
produce merchant, describes the sequel
to th* story concerning the cabbage
snake.
Some one started a yarn to the effect
that a small worm or snake was con
cealed in many cabbages on th* market,
and as a result cabbages are rotting in
the produce cellars. People are afraid
to buy them. It is estimated that there
are at least 110.000 worth of cabbages
in Dcs Moines which no dne will pur
chase, while it is claimed that the dam
age caused by the story throughout
the nation will be not less than $5,000,000.
Trade papers are discussing the mat
ter In furious vein, and regular cab
bage raisers declare they would give
a big reward for the punishment of the
cabbage snake liar if punishment were
possible.
DAYS OF HORSE OMNIBUS
IN LONDON ARE LIMITED
Motor Propelled Vehicles to Take
Place of the Old Fashioned
Conveyance.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1905. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
LONDON. Jan. 7.—Last year 12,
--200 licenses were Issued to drivers of
automobiles in the county of London
and it is expected that this year will
see that number more than doubled.
Several of the road car companies
have launched upon an enterprise of
which evidence has bees given this
week, and if it is a success not many
months will elapse before a very not
able change will be seen in London
streets. Horseless omnibuses are now
flying about the streets and are very
popular. At that rate of progress it
is easy to convelve that, as the direc
tors of the road companies say. in a
couple of years hardly a horse omni
' bus will be seen in London.28
A p yjE R TI S
B. KATSCHINSKII
Philadelphia Shoe Co* §
10 TfllßO STR El, SAN RANCISCO I
Adjoining Call Building. B
We rive Tree Premium Checks fl
with all purchases (except Special ■
Sale Shoeur? Ask for our free B
Premium Checks. Ton can ex- m
change them for elegant presents ■
and beautiful house furnishings. p
I Great Bargains. I
Migh-Grade Shoes. |
Don't miss this chance! Now is fl
the time to get extra good Shoe ■
bargains at our store. We take ■
stock in a few weeks and must ■
positively close out many of oui I
extra lines. We are in earnest. ■
and to prove it will sacrifice the ■
best makes of Shoes at Immense ■
reductions. You will surely save ■
money by a visit to our store this fl
week. , fl
4 HERE XS A LEADER. Ladies
High Grade Box Calf Button
Shoes, made with extension sewed
soles, neat shaped toes and tips
and military heels. Not a pair in
the lot worth less than $2.50.
STOCK-TAKING PRICE. ..91.15
Sizes IVz to 8. Widths Ato EE.
Extension Soles 1
m This is a duplicate line. Every fl
flj pair:guaranteed, and the prices I
tg les3 than cost. Children's and fl
H Misses' Box Calf Lace Shoes, made fl
H with double extension sewed soles. ■
j.l neat coin toes and tips and either fl
B spring heels or new low school fl
H heels. Widths D to EE. [Sj
H GREATLY REDUCED PRICES:
0 Child's sizes, 6 to S , TOe fl
■ Child's sizes. 8% to 11.. Ss<* fl
I Misses' sizes, 11% to 2 l)sc fl
1 Beaver Lace, I
I Warm Fleece Lined 1
En Several lines of our Ladies' Felt fl
■9 Shoes bunched together ana fl
M sold at an immense reduction, fl
I'M some have leather sides and some fl
■ plain sides. Get a pair and keep fl
■ your feet warm during the cold fl
H weather. Sizes 2% to 9. EXTRA fl
■ REDUCED PRICE <JOe fl
I Men's Kid Romeos. §
We have a big overstock of I
I Men's Vict Kid Romeos wheh we fl
" I will close out at special sale price, fl
II They have broad toes fl
flj and low flat heels; guaranteed for fl
1 absolute ease. REDUCED IMT-H fl
3 PRICE 85 c fl
I Sizes {to 11. fl
1 We Do Not Guarantee to PiU fl
Country Orders on Sale Shoes. fl
] B. KATSCHINSKI I
Uio THIRD ST, San Prancisco. fl
1
Election hi Ecuador.
GUAYAQUIL, Ecuador, Jan. 7. I
The Presidential election begins Jan
uary 8. The Liberals will vote for
Lizardo Garcia and the Radicals for
General Manuel Antonio jfranco. The
Conservatives will abstain Tr'om vot
ing. Senor Garcia's election is almost
assured, his candidacy having the
sympathy of the Government.
WOULD BUILD SPUR TRACK.-Charles N 1
Felton has petitioned the Supervisors for" a !
permit to construct a spur track from Town«
end street along Japan street to Brennaji
The petitioner Intends to erect a warehouse
at the corner of the last named strewu. i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
All Humors
Are impure matters which the skin, 1
liver, kidneys and other organs can
not take care of without help, there is
' such an accumulation of them.
They litter the whole system.
Pimples, boils, eczema and other '
eruptions, loss of appetite, that tired
fcelipg, bilious turns, fits of indiges
tion," dull headaches and many other
troubles are due to them.
Hood's Sarsaparilla j
and Pills
Remove all humors, overcome all
their «effects, strengthen, tone and
invigorate the whole system.
Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed on
request. C. I. ROOD CO., Lowell, Mass.
FIGHT FOR TOGA
IS BEING WAGED
WITH MORE VIGOR
Political Agents of
Southern Pacific
Are Active.
OPPOSED TO BARD
Railroad Hirelings
Aim to Defeat
Ventura Man.
"I will pay $50 to any Assemblyman
who will tell me that Jere Burke or
John C. Lynch, since last Saturday
night, has asked him to vote for
Flint," remarked Judge Dibble last
night at the Palace Hotel. George
Knight, seated alongside of Dibble, at
once exclaimed: "I will make it
$260."
"Does this qffer apply to Walter
Parker?"
"No," replied Knight and Dibble.
It was explained that Herrin had
not called off Parker, the leader of
the Flint forces in the south. The in
formation is also given out that Jim
Gillls of Sacramento has a free hand
and Gillis Is working as actively for
Knight as Parker is for Flint. John
McKenzie, Harbor Commissioner, is
classed among the eliminated.
It appears that Parker, the political
agent of the Southern Pacific in Los
Angeles, obtained from Herrin au
thority to get into the fight for Flint
before George Knight projected him
self into the Senatorial arena and de
spite all of the roaring of the orator
Herrin refused to call off Parker, but
Burke and Lynch were told to go to
the rear with the non-combatants.
In Sacramento Jim Gillis, State Li
brarian, is the only "turtle in the
railroad pond." He is not amenable to
the orders of Jere Burke, Walter Park
er, John C. Lynch or John McKenzie.
He deals directly with Herrin. On
lookers take note of the fact that all
the railroad workers have special dis
pensation from Herrin to work against
Bard, hence Burke, Lynch and McKen
zie, while not allowed to express an
open preference for either Knight or
Flint, are given full license to vent
their pent up indignation on Bard.
Arthur Flsk understands that the
"hands off" order from railroad head
quarters applies to his own candidacy
for the. United States Senate.
"Certainly, I expect Herrin will keep
"hands off" my fight. The strength of
my support will be a.surprise. If prom
ises of support on the first ballot are
made good I will consider the fight
open and will then take off my coat
and go to the bat. I hear that Mr.
Knight complains that I am taking
votes that would go to him if I were
not a candidate. The facts are that 1
am getting more votes from Flint and
more from Bard than I am getting
from Knight. I have received many
voluntary assurances of support from
members of the Legislature with whom
I am well acquainted. They tell me
frankly and without solicitation on my
part that they will vote for me. Yes,
Senator Wolfe, in whose Senatorial dis
trict I reside, will place me in nomina
tion in the Senate and Fred C. Jones,
who represents, in the other House,
the Thirty-seventh District, will make
the principal nominating speech In my
behalf in the Assembly. My course will
be guided In a sense by the develop
ments of the first ballot."
Postmaster Flsk met many members
of the Legislature at the Palace court
yesterday. The Knight forces are
somewhat uneasy over the formidable
aspect of the Fisk candidacy, but
Judge Dibble, Senators Ralston and
Leavitt and others are claiming that
Knight's strength is constantly in
creasing and that the natural gravita
tion of the great majority of unpledged
Senators and Assemblymen will bring
about Knight's election on the third or
fourth ballot in joint convention.
Supporters of Arthur Flsk assert that
the Postmaster will lead Knight on
the first ballot and that his strength
will Increase as the balloting pro
gresses. Statesmen are beginning to
speculate on the probability of two
gold bricks, one for Knight and one
for Flint and each brlcx a thing of
glided beauty.
"Arthur Fisk will get twenty votes
on the first ballot," remarked a Flsk
boomer at the Palace Hotel last night.
The boomer placed Knight's strength
on the first ballot at fifteen.
The forces supporting Frank P. Flint
displayed remarkable activity yester
day. In the Flint camp the depression
caused by Knight's capture of the Sac
ramento delegation is vanishing. It is
possible that Walter Parker, while Her
rin is off with both feet, both hands
and both eyes, will turn a trick on Jim
Gillis and land the Sacramento bunch
back in Flint's camp.
In rooms on the fourth floor of'the
Palace the Flint men assembled yes
terday and discussed the asDects of
the campaign. Parker was the busi
est and most effective of the outside
workers. It was noted that he was
cheerful and confident. He would
rather have Herrin's active support of
Flint's candidacy than the "hands
off" programme. Parker Is working
overtime and George Knight would
be happy if Herrin would advise the
Los Angeles representative of the'
Southern Pacific to take a rest.
The question Is frequently asked,
"What wlll.Ruef do with his bunch of
statesmen In the Legislature?" Neither
Senator George Keane nor Speaker Pro
, Tern. T. S. Atkinson can give the cor
| rect tip at this time. The Huef strength
:is placed at ten votes. It is conjectured
j that these votes will be cast for J. O.
Hayes, Eugene E. Schmitz or Ruef
himself at the outset. Later on, when
the combat deepens, one of the candi
dates frem the fcouth may receive help.
Among the on-lockers at the Palace
yesterday were Thomas Hughes, R. J.
Wade, Oscar Lawlor and John Mitchell,
Los Angeles; Congressman-elect S. C.
Smith, Eighth District; General George
Stone, Stephen T. Gage v M. F. Tarpey.
George Hatton, Charles J. Heggerty
and Henry C. Dibble.
At a late hour last night Thomas
Hughes and Frank Brandon of the
Bard forces were not able to state defl
j nitely when Senator Bard would ar
rive In Sacramento.
It Is the judgment of several well
informed politicians that Flint, Knight
and Flsk are underestimating Bard's
strength. It is the general gossip
that Flint on the first ballot will get
more votes than any other candidate,
j but Bard will receive the support of
; Assemblymen who are now claimed
I for Flint and also some votes that are
I claimed for Knight. The number of
I Senators and Assemblymen who will
refuse to wear the railroad collar may
ii.crease. The remark was made yes
terday: "What a splendid triumph
it would be for the Republican party
of California if the Legislature should
refuse to elect any candidate on the
Southern Pacific programme"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905.
Legislators Devote
Day to Hunting
on Marshes.
PURSUE MALLARDS
Some Amendments
to Game Laws in
Preparation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7.—A1l the
Senatorial candidates who have been
here during the. week having changed
their field of battle to San Francisco
until to-morrow, the legislators and
"friends of candidates" who did not
also go to the bay are finding such
amusement to-day as they can. Duck
hunting is supplying the principal en
tertainment, 'the importance even of
a candidate for the United States Sen
ate becomes a small thing to a legisla
tor of sportsmanlike proclivities in
comparison with the pursuit of mal
lards and canvasbacks and aspirants
for the toga who. may fill a position of
some magnitude In the minds of those
legislators in the city of Sacramento
are forgotten entirely amid the whirr
of wings and crack of guns in the
tuies. Who Herrin is going to give the
word for or how many men Prescott
may be able to whip into line for Flint
through committee appointments are
subjects that fly the legislator's
mind when he reaches the hunting
ground. £
As a result of to-day's shoot and
that of to-morrow morning there will
be many a duck dinner in Sacramento;
after that the Senatorial aspirants
will again assume their position of
commanding importance and '.their
chances of election will once more
receive attention.
The game laws will be up again for
revision at this session and several
making amendments to those !
adopted at the last session and adding
new features are being framed. Few
matters of legislation are more prolific
of wrangling pertaining to
wild game. Sportsmen in every sec
tion of the State are interested in it
and nearly every section wants some- I
thing different because of different I
conditions. It generally takes days
to effect an adjustment that is reas- j
onably satisfactory to ail.
One of the principal fights this ses- i
sion is expected on a proposition to j
reduce the bag limit.of ducks to twen
ty-five. The San Francisco sports
men favor this and many of those or ;
the interior wish it left where it is. j
The annual pall of fog that settles
over Sacramento about the sea
son ths*dita»J*» Legislature Is in ses- 1
sion is ii- gflrftlrtfe-of the sun !
would be about as gratifying to the
aver?"e citizen as the sight of a Sena- ■
toria. sack to the legislator who com- j
bines thrift with statesmanship.
Housewives who rent rooms in Sacra- 1
mento are wondering why, with the
several hundred attaches who have
been added to the list of those having
real business in the city during the ses
sion, there Is not a waiting line In front
of every door bearing a "rooms to let" |
sign. Housewives never did understand
much about the work done for their
country's weal and the guiding of the
glorious ship of state. The shameful
condition of men drawing a per diem j
from the State who do not visit Sacra
mento more than once during the ses- j
sion is even worse than it was last
year. Some of the attaches who haven't ,
any particular duties here, but no busi- j
nes elsewhere, are remaining* but the ■
most of those who were given jobs
merely that they might be paid so
much money from the State treasury I
as a reward for political fealty to some
candidate do not even pretend to re- j
side here. Some who are new at the j
business of taking money from the State ;
that they do not earn are scurrying
around trying to find out what work
Is expected of them, being fearful that
If they don't get connected somewhere
they will be dropped from the roll.
These will soon get wise and go home
to enjoy the fruits of official but none
the less despicable and yiegal looting I
of the taxpayers' funds.
An effort is to be made to Increase j
the fees of trial jurors from $2 to $3 a 1
day. Assemblyman Rolley will be the 1
father of a measure raising the Bti- j
pend. He says that In the interior men
have to leave their homes sometimes to
serve on Juries and he believes they j
should be paid a higher fee.
County school boards will be Inter- >
ested in a bill to be Introduced by Sen- j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL. .
Few People Know How Useful It Is
in Preserving Health and Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that char
coal is the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature, but
few realise its value when taken into i
the human system for the same cleans
ing puroose.
Charcoal. Is a remedy that the more
you take of It the better; It is not a
drug at all, but simply absorbs the '
gases and impurities always present In •
the stomach and intestines and carries
them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
smoking, drinking or after eating
oniops and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and Im
prover the complexion, it whitens the
teeth and further acts as a natural and
eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the Injurious gases which
collect in the Btomach and bowels; it
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
All druggists pell charcoal in one
form or another, but probably the best
charcoal and the most for the money
Is In Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges; they
are composed of the finest powdered
Willow charcoal, and other harmless
antiseptics In tablet form or rather in
the form of large, pleasant tasting los
enges, the charcoal being mixed with
honey.
The daily use of these loaenges will
soon tell In a much Improved condition
of the general health, better complex
ion, sweeter breath and purer blood,
and the beauty of It Is, that no possible
harm can result from their continued
use. but on the contrary, great benefit. \
A Buffalo physician in speaking of
the benefits of charcoal, says: ad
vise Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges to all
patients suffering from gas in atom- j
ach and bowels, and to clear the cam- '
plexion and purify the breath, mouth
and throat; I also believe the liver is
greatly benefited by the dally use of
them; they cost but 25 cents a box at ,
drug stores, and although in some sense
a patent preparation, yet I believe I
get more and better charcoal in Stuart's j
Charcoal Lozenges than in any of the
ordinary charcoal tablets."
Browrisßig Bargain
MONTH
On Monday, January 9th, at 9 o'clock, we
shall offer our entire line of 1600
$i4£°« rW fc &i inn
$ 15.°° Wjlli o Jkl |V/vl
$ 17©© SUITS £J_
The lot includes Black Cays and Fancy Worsteds, Blue Serges, Fancy Tweeds,
Cassimeres and Cheviots. Tha suits are of the latest 1904 Fall Styles, finely
tailored, with the celebrated concave shou der, snug fitting collar and stationary
front, ihis is a chance to get a matchless Brown value that is too good
to last long.
5e 516-518 MARKET SLnffinS^
ntor Coggins which takes away the $5
per diem allowed members of such
boards while examining applicants for
teachers' certificates. These duties
were removed from the shoulders of
county boards by recent legislation, but
the stipend was allowed to stand. Un
der the new bill they are to receive
only mileage and expenses.
Senator McKee will introduce a bill
providing an appropriation to improve
the Capitol and another to secure mare
funds for the State fair.
Trading stamps are the aversion of
Treadwell of San Francisco, and he
will introduce a bill to prohibit their
use.
Beardslee of San Joaquin will be re
sponsible for important measures pro
viding through a State bureau for the
maintenance in the public schools of
agricultural departments, which shall
experiment for the benefit of farmers
and orchardlsts. The procuring of seed
which shall re-establish the quality of
California wheat is one c-f the Import- ,
ant results expected from the proposed !
bureau. The Commissioners, under the
bill, will draw no salaries and the ap
propriation asked for is only $5000.
President Wheeler of the University of
California Is to be one of the Commis
sioners, j
_ «
WANTS TERMINAL FACILITIES.
Western Pacific Railroad Will Appeal
to the I-iCglslature.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7.—During the
absence of the Senatorial candidates
the legislators that remained here have
been devoting considerable time to a
discussion of what they consider the
next Important question to be taken
up—the petition of the Western Pa
cific for terminal facilities somewhere
along the water front of San Francis
co, Attorney Bartnett of San Francis
co, who represents the company, has
nut as yet appeared in Sacramento on
behalf of the measure, but It is ex
pected <that he will come as soon as
the senatorial fight is disposed of.
It was given out that the Western
Pacific Is determined to secure the
terminal and will make an appeal to
the people for moral support to hasten
legislative action, pointing out that the
greater the railroad competition in
California the greater will be the bene
fit accruing to the people.
Any opposition that may arise to the
Western Pacific measure, it is said, will
come from legislators who hold that
the Wesfern Pacific should actually
begin construction through the Sierra
Nevada pass, toward tide water before
it asks for terminal facilities. On the
other hand, however, it is said that the
Western Pacific would display poor
business Judgment if It did begin out
laying money before It was assured
terminal facilities that would permit of
the completion of the road without
danger of endless complications and
litigation. Just who will present the
Western Pacific bills In the two houses
has not as yet been determined.
Assemblymen here are betting even
"money that Speaker Prescott will not
be ready Monday to anounce commit
tees. He is hard at work in a room,
the location of which Is known only to
a few and is seen little about the hotel
lobbies. Among his advisers are said
.to be several Flint men from the south.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures Colds and
GRIP
Dr. Humphreys' "Seventy-seven"
cures Coughs, Colds, Influenza, Ca
tarrh, La Grippe, Pains and Soreness!
in the Head. Chest and Back, Sore
Throat, General Prostration and Fever.
Taken during their prevalence preoc
cupies the system and prevents their
invasion.
Taken early, cuts them short prompt-'
iy.
Taken while Suffering, a relief is
speedily realized, while (he continued
use insures an entire cure.
"77" is a small vial of pleasant pel
lets that fits the vest pocket.
At Druggists', 26 cents, or mailed.
Humphreys' Medicine Co., dor. William and
John streets. New York.
PRAISE SPEECH
! MADE H BARD
i
j Distinguished Colleagues of
California's Junior Senator
Pay Him High Compliment
Special Dispatch to The Gall.
' WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.—Senator I
j Beverldge of Indiana, chairman of the \
Senate Committee on Territories, in j
charge of the statehood bill, and bit- j
terly opposed to Bard's position, to- 1
j day said:
"Senator Bard made one of the most |
admirable speeches It has been my I
pleasure to hear since I have been in |
th< Senate. He surprised every one
with the compactness and simplicity i
Sof his argument and with the com- j
bined grace and force of his diction. |
He also surprised and pleased us all j
with the attractive manner of his de
livery.
"Senator Bard long ago won my con
i fldence and regard by his unusual qual-
I ities of mind and character. And as our j
years of service In the Senate have
pa 11 fill along 1 have noted with gratifi
cation the development and qualities |
of statesmanship which will make him
as useful and successful in the higher j
plane of public affairs as he has been j
in the business world, to which hitherto I
he devoted his energies. In saying this
I think I express the feeling of his col- j
leagues In the Senate, and none more
than those who differ with him upon j
the subject of his excellent address of
yesterday."
Senator Perkins said: "Senator Bard's
speech was a splendid effort. I heard it
all and I am convinced his position Is j
correct. I believe that the position he j
has taken and maintained with such
marked ability is for the best interests
of New Mexico, for the best Interests of |
Arizona and for the best interests of i
California. I am proud of Senator j
Bard."
Hon. B. A. Fowler of Phoenix. Aris..
said: "That was a masterly effort, of
Senator Bard's. His honest, conserva
tive, judicial treatment ot the subiect
made a profound Impression. A Sen
ate official told me that In his experi
ence of twenty years he had never seen
closer attention or greater courtesy
\ shown any Senator on the floor of the
■ chamber. Senator Bard's earnestness
was convincing, his logic unanswer
j able, and several Senators admitted
! they were convinced of the soundness
I and Justice of his position."
Many Washington newspaper corre
j spondents listened to Senator Bard's
I speech, and these men, who gazette
I everything with cool and calculating
eyes, to-day in their conversation Daid
him the highest compliment they could
pay him.
ELECTORAL COLLEGE.
Programme of Ceremonies to Re Car-
ried Out Is Completed.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7.—The pro
gramme of the ceremonies to be car
ried out by the Electoral College of
California when it assembles here
Monday afternoon has been completed.
After the rendition of the national
anthem by an orchestra the Presiden
tial electors will be escorted to the
Speaker's desk by Governor Pardee,
Lieutenant Governor Alden Anderson,
Secretary of State Charles F. Curry.
Senator E. L Wolfe, president pro tern
of the Senate, Speaker Frank C. Pras
cott of the Assembly, Chairman George
Stone and Secretary J. Steppacher of
th» Republican State Central Commit
tee.
Chaplain Kin* of the Assembly will
deliver an invocation, after which the
Orpheus quartet will sing "The Star-
Spangled Banner."
Introductory remarks will be made
by General George Stone, chairman of
the Republican State Central Commit
tee. Secretary of State Charles F. ;
Curry will read the Governor's certifi
cate declaring the election of the Pres
idential electors.
The oath of office of the electors ,
will then be administered by Superior
Judge E. C. Hart of this city, and the
organization of the Electoral College
will follow, a chairman and secretary
being elected. The electors will then
vote by ballot for President of the
United States. A messenger to carry
the certificate of the electorial vote to
Washington will then be selected, and
the ceremonies will close with an ad
NEW MEASURES
ARE SUGGESTED
State Federation of Labor
( (insiders Bills to Be Pre
sented to the Legislature
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7.—At the
meeting of the State Federation of La
bor this morning the" law and legisla
tive committee submitted a number of
biils to be laid before the Legislature.
Otic provides that no one employed
by the State or by a city or county
shall be required to work more than
eight hours a day.
Another proposed bill makes It un
lawful to conduct the business of bar
bering on Sunday. It was referred
back to the Barbers' Union, as it Is
considered unconstitutional.
The bill introduced by the Drug
Clerks' Association, making ten hours
in twelve the time of employment for
drug clerks was Indorsed.
President H. A. Knox appointed the
following committee, the members of
which will inquire into the matter of
the employment of Japanese: Frank J.
Bonnlngton, San Francisco; Theodore
Lafayette, Los Angeles; W. I. Murphy,
Santa Barbara; Mrs. Tyron, Sacra
mento; R. Wiand, Oakland; Thomas
Seward, Fresno; F. J. Hepp, San Jose;
James J. Fox, Crockett; George W.
Edwards, Chico; Edward J. Clyde,
Eureka; W. T. Bays, Fort Bragg;
Stephen Malone, Glen Ellen; T. H.
Doftn, Monterey, O. W. McCaslin,
Napa; Grant Sherwin, Pasadena;
Henry "Howege, Petaluma; Gustave
Viola, Stockton; C. A. Anthony, -San
Bernardino; M. H. Dunn, Sausalito;
C. W. Holmquist, San Diego; J. G.
Wood, Santa Rosa; E. L. Coxe, Sa
linas; Richard Caverly, Vallejo.
The federation adopted a committee
report suggesting an amendment to
section 1970 of the Civil Code, hold
ing corporations employing men liable
for an injury to employes in conse
quence of the mismanagement of
ether employes.
Another act proposed makes it a
dress by Governor George C. Pardee.
Hundreds of invitations to witness
the ceremonies have been issued, and
It is expectetjLihat the Assembly cham
ber, where the college will meet, will
be crowded.
ADVKRTISEMJIxVre. ,
TEST IT FREE I
5,000 Packages to be distributed
free to all who apply.
New Cure for Rheumatism and Gout.
f\m. 4.--Tbi& bone from ad*
Tit. B.—Thigh bone In a m*> eenceU atage of Rheumatoied ar.
fectly healthy condition. See thrills, show tag Rheumatic Pot-
Fig 4. Taken from adult patient. eon accumulations.
For Rheumatism, that horrible plague,
i I discovered a harmless remedy, and In
order that every suffering reader may
learn about it I will gladly mall a box
free. This wonderful remedy, which I
discovered by a fortunate chance, has
cured many cases of thirty and forty
years' standing, among them persons of
upwards of W years of age. No matter
what your form of rheumatism is, this j
remedy cures. Do not mind if other j
remedies have failed to cure you, nor 1
misdemeanor to employ women more
than eight hours a day.
A recommendation was made that
the time of keeping open polls on elec
tion day be extended.
Another recommendation is to com
pel butter-makers to stamp the weight
of each roll.
The convention placed Itself on rec
ord as in favor of a national liability
law. The action Senator Perkins has
taken on the bill was commended.
The convention went on record in
favor of initiative and referendum
and recall in California.
The convention approved a number
■ of recommendations to prohibit the
employment of children under certain
years.
A resolution was adopted favoring a
till requiring air brakes on all street
cars weighing mere than eight tons.
A resolution was adopted requesting
the President, as commander In chlef _J
of the army and navy, to stop
practice of regimental musicians play
ing at dance and concert halls in San
Francisco, thus shutting out union
musicians.
The federation adjourned to-night to
meet next year at Oakland.
During the afternoon session a num
ber of speeches were made in which
the delegates declared that no expres
sion of opinion In the resolution adopt
ed in the convention commits the or
ganization to an indorsement of social
ism.
A resolution was adopted calling for
legislation for the shortening of the
hours of employment for women to
eight hours; also to regulate child labor
so that minors under sixteen years be
not allowed to work more than eight
hours and under no consideration to be
employed between the hours of 10 p.
m. and 6 a. m., and that all children
under twelve years be prohibited from
working except under permit signed by
the principal of the school to which
such children belong.
On Way to Asylum.
OAKLAND, Jan. 7.—Maintaining
that she Is Adelina Pattl, Mara R.
Jesus of San Leandro la confined in
the Insane ward of the Receiving Hos
pital. She Is 60 years of age. She
was examined to-day and will be com
mitted to Stockton Asylum. A. A.
Wiebe of 866 Ninth street is also in
carcerated in the insane ward and will
be examined Monday. He asserts
that he is Jesus Christ and spends
his time in exhoration.
Soldier Is Accidentally Shot.
SALINAS, Jan. 7.—Private Clyde
McClure, Company F, Fifteenth In
fantry, was accidentally shot in the
leg to-day while hunting near Monte
rey by Sergeant White of the same
company. McClure was taken to the
post hospital, where amputation was
found to be necessary.
mind if doctors say you are Incurable.
Mind no one, but write me at once, and*
by return mall you will receive the
box, also the most elaborately Illus
trated book ever got up on the subject
of rheumatism absolutely free. Itsjvlll
tell you all about your case. You get
this remedy and wonderful book at the
j same time, both free, so let me hear
i from you at once. Address
JOHN A. SMITH. 28 Gloria Bulldinr
1 Milwaukee. Wis.Our Sale Continues—* 10.00 and $12.50
Suits and Overcoats $ 6
Qmt special sale of men's suits and overcoats at $6 has
been an immense success, but it is only natural that it should
be. The public, having faith in our merchandise and methods,
responded readily when they learned that we actually reduced
suits and overcoats from $\2.so and $10 to $6.
All day long there has been a steady stream of customers
—one by one the patterns have gone. We have left now only
sizes 34 to 40, but there are quite a few very neat patterns to
choose from. If you are calculating to get one of the suits or
overcoats, by all means come in to-morrow.
Boys' 50c Knee Pants for 30c
We have piled high on our salecounter 800 pairs of knee
pants which we are going to sell for 30c a pair.
The ages are from 4 to 14 years and the regular price
The materials comprise fancy Scotch mixtures in nice, pretty
patterns.
As this sale is for our customers and for those mothers
whom we hope to get acquainted with us, positively no pants
will be sold to dealers.
The sale starts to-morrow morning at 8 o'clock —come
early and get the choice picking.
Men's $ 1.50 Sweaters for 85c
We are going to close out a big line of men's sweaters to
make room for our incoming stock. ' Our $1.25 and*
$1.00 sweaters have been marked to sell for 85c.
They are all-wool yarn, pineapple and plain stitch, in
solid colors and combination stripes; the colors are navy, garnet,
royal, black and gray. While the assortment is broken in some
sizes the goods as a whole represent all sizes. There is a splen
did collection from which to choose.
Men's «1.50 Hats for »1.00
We sell hats at small prices to get you interested in our
store. We want you to buy your clothes here, so offer the hats
as a-sort of invitation. Otherwise these hats at $1.00 would be
at least $i.so. Some stores ask $ 1 for hats like them.
They come in soft shapes of every kind —Fedoras, Tour
ists, Three-in-Ones, Cowboys, Alpines and various others.
f For out and out hat value this is the best offer in town.
See the hats —judge for yourself.
Just to show another value in our hat department—plain
or Norfolk caps, in a swell assortment of patterns, only 25 cents.
write at once. - - — v — 1 11 »Jd« S«* Francbce.
m I 740 Market Street I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905.
MARKET CLOSES
WEAK AND DULL
Failure to Appear of the
January Reinvestment De
mand Discourages Brokers
TONE OF INDIFFERENCE
Fall of Port Arthur and De
cision in Northern Securi
ties Case Cause a Spurt
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.—Prices of stocks
were Inclined to yield again to-day, but
the pressure was not urgent, and any
evidence of support in the market tend
ed to check the selling. Such support
developed for Erie and Reading during i
the course of the first hour and a prac- j
tically complete recovery from the open- j
ing declines was made. There was a
good demand for Illinois Central, which
was accounted for by unsubstantiated j
rumors of an intended increase in the j
dividend rate. At the recovered level
Of prices the demand became so languid
as to cause fresh discouragement over i
the failure to appear of the January \
reinvestment demand, and . prices!
sagged away again at the last, making J
the closing weak and dull.
Disappointment professed over j
the bank statement, but the showing [
was not calculated to produce more;
than a nominal influence with the ex
treme ease ruling in the money market, j
The fact is not doubted that currency
has started to move in a strong tide to '
this center, and the failure of the bank j
statement to reflect It Is attributed to
cross-currents in the movement, which
confuse the commutation by the aver
age system. The Metropolitan" stocks j
were weak from special causes, nota- j
bly the threatened competition for their
suburban traffic, and their sharp de
clines had a sympathetic effect on the
rest of the market. There were persist
ent rumors, such as have circulated for
some days, that the report of United
States Steel earnings for the final quar
ter of the year would prove less satis
factory than preliminary estimates had*
promised.
There was much discussion of the
conference of political leaders which
was announced to assemble at Wash
ington during the afternoon to con
sider the programme for Congressional j
action, including legislation concerning j
corporations and tariff revision.
SALE OF BONDS QUIET.
The weekly mercantile reviews of
i fered no grounds for selling stocks, and
the enormous figure of the December
' anthracite output was a fostering in-
I fluence upon the firmness of the coal
| ers. The favorable industrial news
j failed, however, to stimulate anyxde
| tnand for stocks, and the market for
i bonds was also quieter than during the
; early part of the week.
Total sales of bonds, par value, $1,
--! 800,000.
j The Stock Exchange contingent atart
■ed the new year on Tuesday with a
| number of important happenings to ac-
I count for, and spent rather a busy day
jon that day. But the subsequent deal
j ings showed a large abatement of spec
| ulative interest and a growing tone of
i hesitation and indifference. The fall of
(Port Arthur and the decision of the
! Northern Securities injunction suit in
favor of the company had long been
counted on. But they were responsible
for a spurt in the market nevertheless.
; The interpretation of these events was
1 evidently a favorable one from the
j point of view of the financial world.
' But the natural effect of realizing sales
j with f*he good news out was* to cause
! some reaction in the level of prices.
The London financial public has
! held a clearly defined conviction that
the fall of Port Arthur would serve
;to hasten the end of the costly strug
" gle in the Far East and bring to the
j world the benefits of; an early peace.
' This opinion has been somewhat modi
fled by the course of events during the
, week and the apprehension has grown
:up that the termination of the war is
still indefinitely in the future. The
disaster to the Russian arras has
raised some misgivings also as to the
success of the forthcoming Russian
; lean and there has been some liquida
| tion in the London market for Paris
! account, which is supposed to be due
Ito the large commitments of that cen
; ter of capital in Russian securities.
I This has caused a reflex depression
jto some extent in other great centers
, of capital.
PLANS OF RAILROADS.
In the case of the Northern Securl- !
ties decision also the natural move
ment of taking profits has had added
influence from the failure of some of .
the expected consequences developed, j
In the first place the determination to
appeal the case and the stay thus ef
fected in the proposed litigation of
the company comprises an indefinite
prolongation of the litigation. It had
been hoped that a plan of settlement '■
had been arranged that would be pro
mulgated promptly on the reaching of
a decision by the court.
The belief continues general in the '
financial world that great projects are
working out in the railroad world and
It Is commonly expected that the large
accumulation of money resurces in
New York this spring, which seems in- |
evltable, will be taken advantage of
to secure the additional capital re- I
quired for these projects. Rumors of j
their form are vague and various, but ;
stress is laid on the supposed extension
of the Rockefeller interest in New
York Central and on the admitted in- !
tention to add President Cassatt of the i
« ADVERTISEMENTS.
FEEL SICK ?
Then you are the very person we want to i
interest in the merits, of Hostetter's 1
Stomach Bitters, and to urge a fair trial j
for your health's sake. This medicine j
has festored more sickly people to robust j
health than any other. Get a bottle of :
Wfl Hostetter's
D§£ Stomach
Bitters
to-day and take a
STQMACrI c meals
a botiii it once.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PE-RU-NA KEEPS THE FAMILY
_ IN THE BEST OF HEALTH.
This is Only One of
a Million of Homes I =s=^=
in Which Pe-ru-na //
Has Been a Bless- n II
ing. Read This U JmL P 1/
| s^ ( (?o* naf i ai ] d Pdelegate^ ofG Builders f Peruna
t "Peruna has been a blessing in our home, ♦ On©S Used In the
J My wife was in poor health for several years and noth- ♦ T"* f amMy, Becomes
? ing but Peruna helped her. She gradually recovered her 4 V*-* - permanent Fixture
tnealth and became the mother of a boy which blessed j • mmoiwm riaiui
Tour home. We call Gerald our Peruna boy. He is In the •—♦»•»«■«« mT Mrs Theresa Rooke. 2SB N. Ashland
'finest of health and his mother has never enjoyed such excellent health. I a ,y chtcaso 111., Treasurer Ladies of
.J3 have Pf rsonall y f ound Perurta of great value to me while traveling, t theMaccabee's, writes:
♦ Getting irregular meals and often poorly prepared food ruined my stomach, ♦ . home peruna is the only mcdl
♦ but Peruna toned up my digestive organs and brought fine health to me. ♦ cine we have Grandmother, mother.
I "We are never without Peruna in our home and know by experience that X father and child, all have used Peruna.
\ * keeps us a/I in the bestoi'health | ttiZF&S'e&^cSZ
A . of fai P» ies have discov- ]' "I have introduced "it" into"six' families . "We * V
ered that Peruna is their, standby. ' since I received your last letter and four husbani becomes worn o " u ° r h J^ tcheB
areVei/to' SSTtiS T l H tf• £S?JZ stouten
brings quick relief and a final cure. iUB to which the human fam iiy is sub- I consider Peruna finer than any
No matter whether it be a. cold or a iect. . . , j- ■ i l a j
cough, a catarrhal condition of the head D .., „ M doctor S medicine I nU¥9 *W*r tried,
or lungs, or a derangement of the atom- Peruna quickl* relieves this condition. . . . ... . l .
ach and bowels, Peruna" is the remedy and a „ V. irthe l , cours e of the remedy ana I MOW mat at long at WO nave ll
J ' never falls to bring a permanent cure. jA« hnusttt ma will all be able to
Never Without Peruna In the House. " cures a » °f these various ailments . nou9 * "° m„ "
Mr a c *„. _ OUMl! : simply by removing the cause Of the keep in good health. •
Pa writ?? ard A - Stern Shlllington, disease. Write to Dr. S. B. Hartmar,. President
"th„„! i, .. . Tb -e chronic ailments It has prevented, of The Hartman Sanitarium, for free
252? V, run t l n ra ,^ ho^ s , e all the the suffering it has mitigated, will never medical advlcs. Ail correspondence
time and will i:ot be without It. be fully recorded. held strictly confidential
Pennsylvania to' the New Haven di
rectorate as going to show the direc
:ion of railroad policy toward combl
lation and absorption.
The money market has been abund
intly supplied and passed through the
tnnual settlement period with very
ilight symptom of pressure, which waa
•elaxed almost immediately, contrary*
10 the usual experience, which shows
i continuation of pressure for several
lays after the turn of the year. This
•rendition of the money market de
prives the persistent outflow of gold of
my substantial effect on affairs, al
hough there is sentimental effect on
;he stock market.
The market for bonds has been
>road and a good investment demand
ia.s been evident. United States regis
:ered fours declined *4 per cent and
he coupon advanced hi on call during
ho week.
GIVE COFFEE TO WORKERS
TO STOP BEER DRINKING
.Novel Means Used by Pretty Girls of
Gotham in Fight Against .
Intemperance.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.—Pretty girls
bearing pails of steaming coffee for
the men engaged In the 'excavating
work for a new railway terminal on
Forty-second street have disclosed a
new method of temperance work in
this city. Ever since the work began
the* students and faculty of the Bible
Teacher's Training School near by
have had their attention distracted
from their studies by the sight of the
laborers getting in line promptly at
the sHroke of 12 and starting for beer.
There are numerous saloons and two
breweries near by, so temptations were
plentiful.
A crusade against the liquor sellers
in the shape of speeches was discussed
and quickly put aside as useless and
the students set themelves to devise
some more efficient form of fortifying
the men against temptation to quaff
b<er. Some one suggested a substi
tute and coffee was chosen. Great
quantities, steaming hot, were carried
among the workmen as they quit for
lunch and a great falling off in the
patronage of the saloons and brewer
ies in the neighborhood had resulted.
The faculty and students express
much gratification over the success of
the- venture. * _
NEW YORK'S TENDERLOIN
HABITUES MAY GO THIRSTY
Gotham "Holc-ln-the-Wall" Resorts
Are Subjects of Police In
vestigation.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.—The agitation
against the manner in which the so
called Raines law hotels and liquor
saloons in the '•tenderloin" district are
conducted resulted to-day in the sum
moning of forty-five hotel and saloon
keepers before a Police Court.
Magistrate Ommen, before whom
the keepers were arraigned, told them
that the "family entrance," with a
hole in the wall for the passage of
ituuor, was a violation of the law and
would have to be abandoned. He also
notified them that he would allow
them one week to remove all parti
tions, booths and sitting-rooms from
fhr barrooms.
District Attorney Jerome said he
thought the magistrate's interpretation
of the law would have the effect of
closing up the saloons to-morrow and
that the summoning of the saloon
keepers would help toward the
amendment of the present liquor law.
(
POLICE SPOIL .
COLONY SCHEME
Raid Offices of Two Con
cerns That Promise Homes
in Itlah6 for a Small Sum
CHICAGO, Jan. 7.—The police to-day
raided the offices of the IJaho Colony
Company and Oreano Mining Company,
Limited, of Wallace, Idaho. When the
police arrived the entrance was crowd
ed with persons waiting for information
how to secure 320 acres of Government
land in Idaho for $50. The door leading
to the offices of the company was
.locked, and Albert P. Hunter, said to
be the manager, could not be found.
Attorney M. Rossen was among the
persons awaiting the opening of the of
fices. Rossen said:
"Hunter called on me several days
ago and attempted to interest me to
the extent of purchasing $500 worth of
stock in the company. He said if I
would purchase mining stock he would
make me general agent In Chicago."
The scheme regarding the staking of
homesteads in Idaho has been operated
for a month, according to the police.
The plan was to advertise for 300 men,
each to secure 320 acres of Government
■■■■MHiviiiiiM
When all other American products are sold abroad for
much less than their price at home, it is a significant fact that
the nobility and wealtiiy classes of Germany ai\d Europe in gen
eral are willing to "pay 1 a premium to secure the style, comfort
and lastinpc satisfaction that are found only in Sorosis Shoes.
In Germany and Canada Sorosis Shoes cost $4-W a pair;
in England, $4.00; in France and Russia, $5.00; nothing less
than $4.00 in Europe, but in the United States the same shoes
may be obtained for
$3.50 Per Pair
NOTE —A number of new ideas in misses' and Children's
Sorosis Shoes arrived in Friday's shipment.
SOROSIS SHOE PAEOrtiROYALSHOE STORE
216 POST OTCTTSO THJRD3TREET|
A
land in Idaho. The prospectus stated
that the Idaho Colony Company would
take 300 men to Idaho when the Gov
ernment opened a parcel of land to
colonization. It further stated that the
company would furnish the 300 men
with employment and that the land
would be made invaluable when irriga
tion trenches were run.
SIXTEEN PEOPLE INJURED
IN TROLLEY CAR ACCIDENT
Disaster Overtakes Number of Mem.
bers of Royal Arcanum Returning
From Installation Ceremony.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.—A trolley car
of the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Com
pany, carrying forty members of
Adirondack Council of the Royal Ar
canum, Jumped the track on a curve
at the foot of a steep hill on Douglas
street, Brooklyn, early to-day, turned
over on its side and was smashed, In
juring sixteen of the occupants and
dumping them into slush and water
two feet deep. None of the passen
gers were fatally Injured. Several
were temporarily pinned under the
wreckage of the car and help was
summoned In frantic haste in the fear
that they would be drowned before
they could be released.
Thomas Giddlngs, past regent ofth*
council, was found with both hands
pinned In the wreck and just able to
hold his head above the water. He
was badly injured Internally. Several
suffered the fracture of legs and arms
and nearly all of those injured were
painfully battered and bruised.
The party was returning from Can
arsie, where It had installed a new
lodge of the Royal Arcanum.
m30
ADjnSRTISF3£KXTS.
M^V*^^*** 1110 ** " We snals be in a much better position to handle^^^^^^^^sl^
our ever Increasing patronage. Another large passenger 1 )
el ;vator and 24.000 square reet of f oor space will be at your service
Win a feu days Think of it! We have had over 91,000 customers on our books up to the i
1 present time; that means confidence. Why are we "THE BIGGEST FURNITURE HOUSE
1 ON THE PACIFfC COAST?'
lEli COUCH
METAL BED AU size * in cream > CASE of select quartered oak, In assorted velours of corduroys,
' — white or apple, an — » i«hes Wgh. 45 stfon m**
.fedai°° SUPPOrt,> ., Very $3,65 ,aChgS W,dC - $30.00 heavy carved legs $13.50
BH HalTrYice
W7\ »| handsome new styles, I
} |~X7t :>1 inches wide; ff i
yards long, in the lot i^^ulj
>*ou will find floral, 1 1
plain centers ' ribbon i^^^^^Sii
and dainty spotted | [ i:sa j||
COMBINATION BOOK- $2.50 Line for $1.25 CHIFFONIER Big and wide.
CASE and F«nch $3.00 Line for . . $1.50 —
plate mirror, nicely finished * Q en , mr m■ -r French plate mirror, this one golden
In either golden oak or J| £ W.OU UIIB TOT . .$I • * 3 oak, a big value at $Q
HINDU CRITIC
AFTER KIPLING
Declares That the English
Author Does Not Know the
India He Writes About
Special Dispatch to Tb« CaU.
LONDON, Jan. 7.—There. has Just
arisen a critic bold enough to declare
that Rudyard Kipling doesn't know his
India. And what gives his opinion spe
cial weight is the fact that Rama Chan
dra Rao, who recently contributed a
lengthy article on the author of "Kirn"
to a London periodical, is a Hindu. He
has no difflcurty either in citing nu
merous instances to prove his conten
tion that "although Kipling has come
in contact with certain aspects of In
dian life, true India and the destinies
of its teeming millions are an unsolved
mystery to him." Discussing t,he char
acters in "Kirn" this Hindu critic says:
"Mahbub All is quite an artificial
conception, and Baboo Hurry Chunder
Mookerjee Is not a specimen of any of
the Bengalis I have the pleasure to
know. Mr. Kipling's remarks about
Indian life are not convincing," the
writer goes on. "For Instance, the old
man was speaking truth, which Is a
thing a native seldom presents to a
stranger. The stranger Is then to .be
pitied, for he does not know how to win
the confidence of the Indian people.
Again, his account of 'native soldiers
ANNOUNCEMENT
On the aoth of JANUARY we will discontinue the sale of
our stock at i7 l A_ cents per share. On and after that date the
price will be ao CENTS PER SHARE, and only 25,000 shares
will be sold at that price, when another advance will be made.
This stock was first offered at cents, and the price has
steadily advanced. We are confident that the price will be $1.00
per share this year and that the advance to that price will be
amply justified by the developments constantly being made.
We repeat that this is a genuine investment, with no "wildcat"
features, that large profits will inure to purchasers, and we in
vite the closest investigation. Call or write for particulars.
Alaska Petroleum and Coal Co.
HASSELL AUDIT COMPANY, Fiscal Agents, 1034 Mills
Building. ✓
Phone Bush 344.
BAJ A CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
| S A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA
■ tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th*
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER, ALPS & BRL'NE, Agents.
328 Market St.. 8. F.—(Send for Circulars.)
&Co.^ggy
"PATENTS! J
ST. SF.
WEEKLY CALL, 81.00 PER YEAS.
saying the most outrageous things to
the most respectable women In sight'
is an unfounded slander on India,"
Rama Chandra Rao has much more
to say In a similar vein, and it will be
Interesting to see if Kipling, who is
now on his way to South Africa, will
take any notice of the Hindu's criti
cisms.
Mrs. Cralgie Is much distressed at the
outcome of a pathetic little case in
which she recently interested herself.
A young actress named Kathleen Mar
vin, who is known to "John Oliver
Hobbs," appeared in the Marylebone
Police Court about a month ago
charged with drunkenness. MraCraigle
visited the court several times and ul
timately had a private talk with the
magistrate, as the result of which the
girl was handed over to the care of her
husband, but warned that If she were
again charged with drunkenness she
would be sent away.
Mrs. Cralgie's protege did well for a
while, but a few days ago she appeared
in the dock at the Marylebone court
again on the original charge. She wept
bitterly while pleading for mercy, and
referring to her benefactress said, "I
know that I owe a great deal to that
dear lady." The magistrate ordered a
remand with a view to sending the girl
to an Inebriates' home.
BOYLE IS BANTERED.
In spite of his distinguished position
as an author, Dr. A. Conan Doyle has
had to take a lot of banter since he
blossomed out as a Conservative candi
date for Parliament from witty writers
and speakers on the other side. The
creator of VSherlock Holmes" made a
speech on the subject of tariff reform
at Caxton Hall recently and referred
amopg other things to the idea that
colonial opinion on the subject was be
ing forced, which he described as a
"bogey." Dr. Doyle added, "That bogey
ought to be burled, but if it were I sup
BWEAK/VIEIN
DR. HALL'S REINVIQORATOR
•tops all losses and unnatural dis
charges in 24 hours. Tou feel an
improvement from the first dose.
We have so much confidence in our
treatment that we offer Five Hun
dred reward for any case we can
not cure. This secret remedy cure*
lost power, nightly emissions, wasted organs,
varicocele, gleet, strictures, kidneys, failing
memory, drains in the urine, gonorrhea, dis
ease of the prostate glands and all other terri
ble effects of self-abuse or excesses, which lead
on to consumption and death. Positively cures
the worst cases in old or young of that morti
fying condition, quickness of the discharge, and
wanting to do. and you can't. Sent sealed, $2
per bottle; three bottles, $5. Guaranteed our*
. any case.
Call or address orders HALL'S MEDICAL
INSTITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
Also for sale at 1073% Market St., S. F. Sand
for free book.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905.
pose its ghost would walk every free
trade platform at 8 o'clock each night."
"Now," says a writer in a Liberal
newspaper, "this illustrates the advan
tage which the tariff reform movement
possesses in having writers of imag
inative literature, not merely among its
statisticians, but among its platform
speakers. To what ordinary mind
would the complex and fascinating idea
of a bogey's ghost have suggested
itself? What Sir A. Conan Doyle
should do is to work up this conception.
A tariff reform ghost story might
easily be knocked together In a few
days, under the title (say) of "The Ad
venture of the Double-Distilled Spook,'
beginning with a chapter in which the
ghost of the buried bogey appears to the
surviving bogles and after frightening
them horribly announces that he did
not die a natural death, but was at
tacked from behind and buried alive by
a mysterious enemy, to whose identity
the departed bogey can furnish no clew
beyond the fact that he wears an eye
glass. The unraveling of the mystery
by a famous detective bogey might oc
cupy the rest of the story."
Max Pemberton Is at Brighton, where
he does most of his writing, and is hard
at work on a new story, which has
been secured for both this country and
the United Sttaes by the Strand maga
zine.
TRIBUTE TO RUSKTN.
Venice is about to pay a graceful trib
ute to the memory of John Ruskin.
Within a few days the city's municipal
court will place a marble slab on the
house which the famous writer occu
pied for so long, and which, American
travelers will remember, overlooks the
Canal of Guldecca. The following
Inscription is to be inscribed on the
stone:
"John Ruskin lived here from 1877 to
1882. High priest of art in the walls, of
our St. Mark as in all the monuments
in Italy, he sought the heart of the art
ist and the heart of the Italian people.
Every marble statue, every bronze fig
ure, every painted canvas, each thing,
indeed, told him that beauty is a relig
ion If the genius of a man creates it
and the people respectfully recognize it.
This stone is erected by the commune
of Venice in gratitude."
English authors are perturbed, and
with reason, over the result of the ap
plication made in court recently by T.
W. H. Crosland, who wrote "The Un
speakable Scot," for royalties due him
from Grant Richards, the London pub
lisher' whose affairs are now in the
hands of a receiver. Crosland declared
that though the printers, the binders
and the packers of his books were being
paid, the writer of them was unable to
get a penny, and this he stigmatized as
a rank Injustice. The learned Judge to
whom the application was made told
Crosland, however, that an author in
this situation Is an unsecured creditor
and that nothing could be done for him.
Shipyard Companies Incorporate.
NEWARK, N. J.. Jan. 7.—Articles
of incorporation were filed here to-day
of the Union Iron Works Company,
the Eastern Shipbuilding Corporation,
the Trenton Shipyard Corporation, the
Carteret Improvement Company and
the Samuel P. Moore & Sons Corpora
tion. Tfhe incorporators of each com
pany are George R. Sheldon. Pliny
Fisk, John E. Borne and Charles W.
Wetmore, all of New York. The com
panies incorporated are the subsidiary
companies of the United States Ship
building Company under the reorgani
zation plan. The authorized capital
stock of the Union Iron Works Com*
pany is placed at $2,000,000 and that
of the four other concerns Is $800,000
each.
Meyer May Succeed Porter.
PARIS, Jan. 7. — The American
colony la greatly interested In Embas
sador Porter's successor. Unofficial re
ports lead to the belief that Embas
sador Meyer, the American represen
tative at Rome, to the coming man.
LATE FOES IN HISTORIC
INTERVIEW TALK OF
THEIR BATTLES.
! Nogi and Stcessef Meet as Friends
PORT ARTHUR, Thursday, Jan. o.-
The meeting of General Nogi and Gen
eral Stoessel to-day was as undramatfc
as the conclusion of the siege. It had
previously been arranged to take place
at noon in the single undamaged house
of the village of Shuishi. This house
was a miserable hovel called Plum
Tree Cottage. Through a misunder
standing General Stoessel rode out
from Port Arthur at 10 o'clock, accom
panied by Colonel Reiss and two stall
officers, to the Japanese lines and
missed the Japanese officer delegated
to escort him to the meeting place. The
general rode thither without an escort
and wa» received by a Junior officer,
who happened to be on the spot. The
latter telephoned to General Nogi, who
hurried his departure from head
quarters and arrived at 11 o'clock, ac
companied by Major Oeneral Ijichl, his
Chief of staff; Colonels Yasuhara, Mat
sudaira and Watanabe, staff officers,
and Kawskarin, secretary of the For
eign Office at Tokio.
General Stoessel is a large man of
heavy appearance and looks like a
good fighter.
GENERALS «CLASP HANDS.
When Nogi, looking careworn, en
tered the compound of the cottage, the
two generals cordially shook hands,
and Nogi, through an Interpreter, ex
pressed his pleasure at meeting a gen
eral who had fought so bravely and
gallantly for his Emperor and country.
General Stoessel thanked General
Nagi for the pleasure or meeting there
the hero of the victorious army.
General Nogi explained that he had
received a message from his Emperor,
asking that the greatest consideration
be shown to General Stoessel and his
officers, in appreciation of their splen
did loyalty to their Emperor and coun
try. Because of that wish, he added,
the Russian officers would be allowed
to wear their swords.
General Stoessel expressed his grati
tude to the Japanese Emperor for thus
saving the honor of his (Stoessel's)
family, and said his descendants would
appreciate the thoughtful kindness of
the Emperor of Japan. The general
also expressed the gratitude of his of
ficers and thanked Nogi for sending the
message from Stoessel to Emperor
Nicholas and transmitting his Majes
ty's reply, which read:
"I allow each officer to profit by the
reserved privilege to return to Russia
under the obligation not to take fur
ther part in the present war or to share
the destinies of their men."
Both generals then mutually praised
each other and their officers for brav
ery.
TALK OF THE BATTLES.
The conversation afterward turned
on the explosion of the mine at Sung
shu Mountain fort. General Stoessel
said the entire garrison of the fort was
killed or made prisoners.
The Russian commander greatly
praised the Japanese artillery practice,
especially the concentrated fire instan
taneous with the explosion of the Sung
shu mine. The gallant deeds of the
Japanese Infantry, General Stoessel
added, spoke for themselves. It was
Impossible to exaggerate their good
qualities. The skillful work of the en
gineers also has won his admiration.
Continuing, General Stoessel said he
had heard that General Nogi had lost
both of his sons. He praised Nogl's loy
alty In thus sacrificing his sons, who
had died lighting for their Emperor and
country. General Nogi smiled and re
plied:
"One of my sons gave his life at Nan-
Bhan and the other at 203-Meter Hill.
Both of these positions were of the
greatest importance to the Japanese
army. I am glad that the sacrifice of
my sons' lives had been In the capture
of such Important positions, as I feel
the sacrifices were not made In vain.
What Sulphur Does
For the Human Body in Health and
Disease.
The mention of sulphur will recall to
many of us the early days when our
mothers and grandmothers gave us our
daily dose of sulphur and molasses
every spring and fall. .
It was the universal spring and fall
"blood purifier," tonic and cure-all, and
mind you, this old-fashioned remedy
Was not without merit.
The idea was good, but the remedy
was crude and unpalatable, and a large
quantity had to be taken to get any
effect.
Nowadays we get all the beneficial
effects of sulphur in a palatable, con
centrated form, so that a single grain
is far more effective than a tablespoon
ful of the crude sulphur.
In recent years, research and experi
ment have proven that the best sulphur
for medicinal use is that obtained from
Calcium (Calcium Sulphide) and sold in
drug stores under the name of Stuart's
Calcium Wafers. They are small cho
colate coated pellets and contain the
active medicinal principle of sulphur in
a highly concentrated, effective form.
Few people are aware of the value of
this form of sulphur in restoring and
maintaining bodily vigor and health;
sulphur acts directly on the liver, and
excretory organs and purifies and en
riches the blood by the prompt elimina
tion of waste material.
Our grandmothers knew this •when
they dosed us with sulphur and mo
lasses every spring and fall, but the
crudity and impurity of ordinary flow
ers of sulphur were often worse than
the disease, and cannot compare with
the modern concentrated preparations
of sulphur, of which Stuart's Calcium
Wafers is undoubtedly the best and
most widely used.
They are the natural antidote for Uv
er and kidney troubles and cure consti
pation and purify the blood in a way
that often surprises patient and physi
cian alike..
Dr. R M. Wilkins while experiment
ing with sulphur remedies soon found
that the sulphur from Calcium was su
perior to any other form. He says:
"For liver, kidney and blood troubles,
especially when resulting from consti
pation or malaria, I have been sur
prised at the results obtained from
Stuart's Calcium Wafera In patients
suffering from bolls and pimples and
even deep-seated carbuncles, I have re
peatedly seen them dry up and disap
pear in four or Aye days, leaving the
skin clear and smooth. Although Stu
art's Calcium Wafers is a proprietary
article, and sold by druggists, and for
that reason tabooed by many physi
cians, yet I know of nothing so safe
and reliable for constipation, liver and
kidney troubles and especially in all
forms of skin disease as this remedy."
At any rate people who are tired of
pills, cathartics and so-called blood
"purifiers," will find in Stuart's Cal
cium Wafers, a far safer, more pala
table and effective preparation.
Their lives were nothing compared to
the objects sought."
General Stoessel then asked permis
sion to present his charger to General
Nogi as a token of his appreciation and
admiration. General Nogi expressed his
thanks for the Russian general's kind
ness, but said he could not accept the
horse; but, he continued, he would ac
cept it for the army, since he consid
ered that the Russian horses were the
property of Japan and felt he could not
make General Stoessel's charger his
private property.
General Nogi also promised that
when the horse was handed over to
him he would see that it was treated
with the greatest kindness, out of re
spect for the brave Russian general.
Thereupon General Stoessel assured
General Nogi that he admired his rig
orous principles and appreciated his
point of view.
STOESSEL TO BE NOGI'S GUEST.
The Japanese commander requested
General Stoessel to continue to occupy
his residence at Port Arthur until ar
rangements were completed for the re
turn of himself and family to Russia-
Referring to the burial of the dead,
General Nogi said the Japanese, since
the beginning of the military opera
tions, had always buried the' Russian
dead. Those found later o.n would be
interred at a special spot and a suit
able memorial would be erected as a
tribute to the bravery of Japan's for
mer foes.
After luncheon, at which both gen
erals sat together, a group photograph
was taken at the cottage and General
Stoessel remounted his charger, to
show the horse's good points, said
"good-by" to General Nogi and rode
back to Port Arthur.
The regular Russian soldiers In Port
Arthur marched out to-day. The only
troops now In the city are the volun
teers.
Two fires were started In Port Arthur
to-day, for which General Stoessel
apologized. He said the volunteers
were unable to control the populace
and he desired that the Japanese en
ter Port Arthur Immediately, to keep
order.
The formal entry of the Japanese
army into Port Arthur has been fixed
for Sunday, January 8.
BRITISH MOTIVE IMPUGNED.
Not Believed to Be Especially Desir-
OM That War Should End.
PARIS, Jan. 7.—After, conferring
with Foreign Minister Delcasse a lead
ing diplomat said to-day that media
tion in the Japanese-Russian war
would be as unacceptable to Russia j
now as It would have been to the j
North after the defeat at Bull Run. j
The belief is growing that Great Bri- i
tain's anxiety for mediation is not en
tirely disinterested. A British official
recently said:
"If Europe or America does not in
tervene, Japan and Russia will make
their terms of peace without consult- :
ing Burope or America."
This leads diplomats to say that
Great Britain is less desirous of peace
than to secure a voice in the terms of
peace.
BERLIN, Jan. 7. — The Sud
Deutsche Reichse Korrespondenz,
which maintains close personal rela
tions with Chancellor yon Bulow, dis
cusses the fall of Port Arthur as fa
cilitating the progress toward peace.
It thinks that the chivalry shown by
General Nogi in the terms allowed
General Stoessel will probably make '
an impression at St. Petersburg which
later will hasten an agreement be
tween the belligerents without inter
mediation of a third party. It adds
that, while hostilities undoubtedly
will cotlnue in Manchuria, the almost
conciliatory termination of the heroic
drama at Port Arthur will make It
easier to resume diplomatic negotia
tions at a suitable juncture.
PRINCE NOT A PRISONER.
Ouktomsky Escapes From Port Ar
thur to Chefu in Disguise.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 7.—A
special dispatch from Chefu' says it is
reported that Rear Admiral Prince
Ouktomsky and Rear Admiral Doch
insky have arrived there, disguised, on
board a launch.
Prince Ouktomsky assumed com
mand of the Port Arthur squadron af
ter Admiral Makaroff was drowned
as a result of the sinking of his flag
ship, the battleship Petropavlovsk, at
the entrance of Port Arthur on April
13. Later the Prince was replaced in
command of the squadron by the late
Refer Admiral Withoeft After the
latter was killed during the naval bat
tle of August 10 Prince Ouktomsky
again assumed command of the
squadron and, it is said, contrary to
orders, returned to Port Arthur, for
which it was alleged he was to be
tried by court-martial. This was de
nied, but the Prince was succeeded in
command of the naval* forces by
Rear Admiral Wlren. Recently, It is
understood, Prince Ouktomsky has
not been attached to any of the Rus
sian ships.
The name of Rear Admiral Dochin
sky has not figured in the cable dis
patches from the Far East.
CELEBRATE WITH CANNON.
Russians Observe Their Christmas
Eve by Bombarding Foe.
GENERAL OKU'S HEADQUAR
TERS, Jan. 7.—The Russians, in cel
ebrating their Christmas eve, began
a heavy rifle Are at 10 o'clock yester
day evening (January 6) opposite Lin
ihimpu. Their artillery Joined in at
11 o'clock and kept up two hours of
the hardest Arlng known since the
Shakhe River was reached, spreading
along the whole front of General
Oku's army. The Japanese sustained
no damage and refused to reply. They
simply moved Into their trenches, pre
paring to repulse an expected attack,
which was not attempted. There were
no casualties among the Japanese
troops.
TOGO RAISES THE BLOCKADE.
Foreign "Vessels, However, Must Keep
Away From Port Arthur.
TOKIO. Jan. 7.—The Emperor to- i
day issued a rescript thanking* General
Nogi, the third army, Admiral Togo
any» the combined fleet for the taking
of Port Arthur. Admiral Togo has Is
sued an order abolishing from to-day
the blockade of the Liaotung Penln- ;
sula.
LONDON. Jan. 7.—A dispatch to !
the Japanese legation from Tokio, in
confirming the announcement of the
raising of the blockade of the Liao
tang Peninsula, adds:
"For the present, hpwever, no ships
except those In the Japanese Govern
ment service will be allowed to enter
Port Arthur."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CITY I A PARIS
Dry Goods '•fltelP 5 Company.
Semi-Annual Clearance Sale!
Sample Lots of
IRISH and SCOTCH
Linen Cloths
Linen Napkins
and =====
All Accumulations in
Linen department*
| rr^r— —t— ——' ■ ———■
....Less Than Importation Cost ♦♦♦♦
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY.
Geary and Stockton Streetf, Union Square-
GREAT PRISON CAMP NEAR Kit
Continued From Page 27, Column 5.
of foreign expert visitors to Port Ar
thur before the war that Port Arthur
doubtless would resist for eighteen
months as being too optimistic, pro-
I vided there was no relief.
The foregoing dispatch contains the
first definite announcement from Rus
, slan sources of the death of Lieutenant
General Fock, commander of the
I Fourth West Siberian Division and of
I the Russian left wing at Port Arthur.
| He was reported to have been wounded
! at the battle of 203-Meter Hill, but this
■ was subsequently denied. Later on,
January 2, General Fock was reported
from St. Petersburg to have been killed,
but still later in the day it was an
! nounced that his death "has not yet
been confirmed," though it was admit!
-! ted that he was wounded.
.
IN NO MOOD TO CELEBRATE.
Russian Christmas Finds the Czar's
People in Gloom.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 7.—With a
heavy heart Russia to-day celebrated
I Christmas. The day was particularly
j a family fete. The trials of the war
and losses at the front • had brought
sorrow and mourning to countless
homes and the usual rejoicing was ab
sent- In St. Petersburg all the depart
ments of the Government were closed
until Tuesday and Intense cold kept
the people indoors. All the ordinary
public festivities and private entertain
ments were omitted. The imperial
family observed the day quietly at the
palace of Tsarskoe-Selo. There was a
large Christmas tree for the children,
but there was no elaborate celebration,
such as generally marks the day there.
*
Buying Christmas Presents.
MUKDEN, Jan. 7.—The town is filled
to overflowing with officers and sol
diers, buying Christmas presents. All
of them look healthy and vigorous.
Many officers who have been interview
ed declare that their troops are well
fed and are not suffering from the
cold, being quartered in huts which
ADVERTISEMENTS.
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••««]
Berwin ®> Cassner
FURS
Annual Sale starts to-morrow
and continues all week.
Everything at 20 %
=== Discount ======
A few handsome model jackets
in broadtail, mink, squirrel and mole
will go at
40 % OFF
Berwin ®> Gassner
...Furriers...
„>«.., > * 110 KEARNY ST.
IF YOU ARE LOOKING
For a good Investment in a
lodging-house or a place of
business of any kind that will
pay you a good profit, consult
the Business Chance and Lodg
lng-House Columns of THE
CALL, In which you can always
find bargains in legitimate busi
ness propositions.
* ,t.
are more comfortable than the Mukden
hotels.
Japanese Peer Visits President.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7. — Baron
Kontar Kentano, a member of the
House of Peers of Toklo, was a late
caller at the White House to-night and
remainder with the President for over
an hour. He refused to say whether
or' not the conference had to do with
proposals of peace between Japan and
Russia.
Will Sail With Contraband.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 7.—The
steamship Olympia will leave Portland
next week with a cargo of contraband
destined for the Russian army at
Vladivostok. The cargo will consist of
oats and, canned beef.
MRS. CHADWICK AGAIN
IN SHERIFF'S CHARGE
Federal Judge Abrogates Order Pre*
venting Visits to the
Prisoner.
CLEVELAND, Jan. 7.—Judge Wing
of the United States District Court to
day abrogated his recent order that no
person should be allowed to see Mrs.
Chadwlck in the County Jail without
a written permit signed by the United
States Marshal.
"The attention of the court," said
Judge Wing, "has been called to the
fact that the provision conflicts with
the rules for the conduct of the Sheriff,
as keeper of the County Jail, made by
the Judges of the Court of Common
Pleas under the authority of the stat
utes of Ohio."
This decision places Mrs. Chad wick
absolutely under the Jurisdiction of the
Sheriff while confined In the County
Jail.Miss Margaret Craccy, song illustrator, presenting latest descriptive songs, with beautiful colored stereopticon views -Daily from 10:3Q a. mi—FREE.
rggg-J The Stock Adjusting Smx
SSISS WOREWT HMD IrISTJCSTaMBOII* SUCCESS
beginning to-morrow, at not more largest sale in the sense of variety of articles offered and number of departments represented ever planned by the ire*-****pafc*ow-»nwiiifai^a-« the price, each.
than half their real values, each bjg store. pri ce - C vttmg on a more generous scale than we have ever before attempted. This sale is of short and broken and in «" d ° f loc foTth "^i4e
7c to 690 surplus lines and delayed shipments ot dependable merchandise. A2O per cent increase ot this business is ovr goal lor 1905. Sale Table Linens, Etc.
25c spachtd Center Pfeccs, in pretty The Stock Adjusting Sales are not for a day, but while quantities last. . * 7 - inch 6 * cbleached tlbic d « BU - k - fjjj
designs, for I%fC * J # 3;0X30-inch 50c damask squares, now 33 C
Stamped Pillow Tops, in floral designs, Stock Adjusting Sale Our Great Stock Adjusting Sale ix 10 5a.00 fine hemstitched damatk cloth* $1.48
Novelty Pillow Tops and BacKs, in new SslfiS ~" SffliS—— SH/iS GO&tS, SUltSm COStUittßSm SMptS ««• dum* doth V 31.88
subjects, SUCh as the Sea Ser- - fl.oo quality restaurant napkini with colored border-, hemmed
pent, Colored Girl, Front ROW, Fourteen distinct lines of high-class, much-wanted silks have been re- (jSfr HaS Centered the interest Of thousands of ready " u5e ' now ' per dolen • • 78 °
etc etc- Instead of ,£l.OO, this duced to almost one-half their original prices and real values to keep up WBSSBL\W x4«4-<nch $*.oo quality satin damatk Irlth linen napkin.'; now,
sale' each .•43 C the enthusiasm in the silk and woolen fabric departments durin* the com- JPESSffIr enthusiastic buyers here where $1.00 is do- do2en $1.70
-~ c week We state with the utmost confidence that better silk values , , * <* 0 AA \M, ftr ,„u;A t u rn „„ *i. 50 satin dam.sk napkins, now $2.18
Stack Adjusting Sale than these you've never known. ™ g " nhmUm *- "*!" * U4 °
mm mms^ggmm iifllAM a3-inch Crepe de Chine—Pure silk warp and silk filling; colors reseda, nile, thiSSpacioUS department —examples Ol ex- Oocd huck "* imuk towe! ' Jg ' fe' j j o '230
lit USUnWOar nk :. . ivory . . c :" m : . whi,e . * nd 290 torn economy-will be repeated again this « — «*~*tc
A multitude of short lines to which j Oc Crash Toweling—Bleached, heavy, yard 6%0
we h.ve sdded enormous purchase, of i¥fl C ° ming ASSOrtmentS aFe g°° d 10 fiac Enjlish lon g doU,aow. .. . # f.^
other well made mu.iinwear. Thee tfOUS * nd ex J ellen TCRularly 5 ° C the yard /'; ~ W J | Spite Of the heavy Selling, and new lotS 40c All.WoolFUnn.l,-D,rk 280
... .n Mrm -„.. for service oroduccd 3200 y*rds Printed Foulards—Every piece new from the looms; the color- vlliV/ u„..~ n jj n J 0 „ j c t*rlich xoc quality hoary tennis flannels, yard 7#o
by one of he best of >> S dark .. bro J n - * rCCn ' rCSCda ' blaC t- etC y " eat f haVe bee ° 3dded m ° re St y llSh g 3rmentS IOC u .,,ty fleece hack flannelette, yard . 7%C
nopular priced best dCS,gn? ' ChlCfly P ° lka d<st ***\ ™* 5 ° C tHIS SalC -''' * " reduced in priCe tO fill the plaCeS made Va- Colored Lwi-A great assortment of white, brown and gray,
t s V 1 r a. ,K 3 f the Pure Silk Crepe de Chine—A beautiful fabric in white, ivory, cream, black, j \1 \\\ . a... «,,l-,;/-V-i „..inf Mit o mch double tise blankets, slightly damaged m tran«it, now at mill
vaiaes in this da.s of goods that the turq^ oise> brown< cardinal and navy . retails ' {or g/ c the \\ \ cant by those which went out with a rusn pricei> pair f 92.25, $2.40
big .tore haserer offered. yard; sale pric c **OC \QS$\ Mi during the past Week. 54.95
mEi 27-inch Colored Shantung Silks—ln white, cream, ivory, cham- J9 tZ I) Ili 1 • t_ j - Sale of Comforters—Double faced, tilkoline covered!
pagne, navy and sky blue; value 85c the yard; this sale 1 P| • Why not DUy a COSIUTJie OT a nanOSOme CVCn- 00 comforter*. 780
jfk | 2000 yards of Fancy Silks— Chiefly taffeta weaves, in dark tones' Jtßgm " V 1i: fc' Ultf COat While they are SO Very IOW priced? ""f?*"
ffi MP and stylish combination for present wear; 75c values; yard.... m V*9%M I I » " f 1.50 comtortert
■w RFf \ l\\ ; t.ii /(,' _, . , /~t-.;«« 11.85 comforter $1.58
7 I L WiAl 2000 yards Faille Brilliant—A stylish soft clinging fabric, one of the best of . \ - ThlS SeaSOn S prettiest Crep? Cle Cnine j a j e 0 f Bedspreads Sereral new lines added this week:
sLj t t \k ! h ard plam Sllk weaves: complete color !ine: 85c value; this sa,e « 45C i and silk dresses for afternoon and evening s s ecrochetbed. P re.d. ego
Jf * y«"u ig» i ? tl^i SI.OO crochet bedspreads . . 780
XS£\ /fk Plain Colored Taffeta Silks—A miscellaneous lot; 75c and Si.oo gStm** Jl; Wear, reduced tO prices like thiSl |i.a s crochet hed.pre.di. . 880
/<IJU values: to be closed out. yard flFttfO /. I j ftU'wSfek . tn nr > Ji. 35 crochet bedspread. $1.12
J&BS£*L. ( W\X\ a tvt i» e-n mi , . „, . „ , It I I\\ ' A beautiful Evening Gown, now $IW*OU ja. 75 extra large bedspreadt $2.28
3000 yards Novelty Silks—All new designs, no "left-overs ; the ground //I if \\ \ _ ttmfm jii. 35 fancy colored bedspread. .. . . $IUO
mostly dark, with pretty Jacquard effects; choice 7,Sc // jl i \ y $is°-°° Evening and Calling Gowns $95 and $75
Pretty SofrFmUh Silkslcream 'and' white; readily' worth'7sc BJKgm \\ $55 °° $65 °° Co^umcs ' now s3s*»*s2s Adjusting Sale
a yard; for this sale I II j&f/y Evening OoatS— White, champagne and gray, in
F• - rcu ar v attractive va-ues aret Printed Warp Peau de Cygne—All white or cream grounds, with pretty A various models and lengths; were $45 00, $50.00, $60.00 a|/ff VGMMG OOpSIPtiMBOnt
roi.r pa • -y 1 co ] ored figures, moss rose buds and pansy designs; 85c ESJB** IJtwi s%» anc j UDW ard, now only $35 $25
Six different styles akirts, some hem- would be cheap for this. Sale price .......... . .... ana upwaru. now oiy * Boyj . B|oMJM _ Th# celebrated yjrTV
stiched. some lace trimmed, some Silk _ ln white> ivory> crcanit pink sky> turquoise , $7.50 and $9,50 Coats —Every one this $ 12.50 tO $17.50 Suits, $7.50 "Mother*. Friend" m.ka, fr«h (^ft
.ace trimmed and tucked, some em- hclio> lavenderi ni i e> navy , brown, black, etc.; retails everywhere fZJlsr* season's tavonte style for misses and $ 18.50 tO $22.50 Suits, $10.85 » nd eri «P from tbe In,kc "' !iun *II
broidery, rslnea up to at 85 c; yard women, now $4.85 $25.00 tO $30.00 Suits, $14.50 dered and ready to p.t on, percale V*JT
• • 4#< *° 3000 yards new-Novelty Silks—ln half a hundred different styles, mostly Every mixture H coat and many coo rzn t„ <Cf>r R n c.jjtc Cf« SO * nd midra * in prerty p,tt,rn '
Women's Cambric Drawer. — With tor street wear; this is the balance of the product of a well- SZQf% r^jn coa ts up to *?7 50 now • s,i * ,OU ° c>o< '°" ouit«s, coloring*, ai.es 4to 15 year., the A ]|| || ft
plain hem, or hem end cluster of known manufacturer; 85c to $1.25 values; sale price; yard ****** .... $14.50 and $9.50 $-40.00 tO $45.00 Suits, $25.00 JOC 7se kind., for thi* salt U\ ij i llJji
tucks, s 30c value, for .. . 210 20-inch Black Taffeta—The best cloth known in the trade and |5 Q#» Alterations' extra on aSove $50.00 tO $60.00 Suits, $35.00 380 //l 1 ill L\v\
Several styles Women's Gowns, some to give good -.year; reg .hriv 85c; this sale, yard... $65.00 tO $85.00 Suits, $45.00 Boys" $3.50 and $3.00 two-piece /ill Sff
embroidery trimmed, tome daintily . S Suits—Sizes 7to 16 yean, i 5 IS fjjj
stitched, all well made, and worth StOCk Adjusting bale A m blue and fancy mixture, and plaidt, gtfrlyl } | II i ftJJIQy
8 5 c for 690 F U Fmii+*%W Stock Aajustmtf Waist &aie A Z™l s lV^™Zl?2
Lots of Corset Covert, either I tee or af UkrSm mUf a» m U No sale ever attracted more eager buyers, no waist sale ever contained more attrac- ,ood '*° n ? h . . °$2.00
for w ho*"al« Cost and Less—for balance of a New York manufacturer's tive bargains. We are closing out hundreds ol winter waists. Reserved stocks Boys . overcotts-That were good value* •*<»*■. s°,
,O ° S r ° ' 8 aa o stock and our own high-grade Neckwear, Coats and Capes. Sale have been brought forward- Woolens, Ntm'sveiling, Lawns and Madras- ■»«« 7» 13 only, now. -34^73
MWW , J* , tJ nn . Q , _ n tmr a , c+ ' -I— «tf 70 Hanutacturer's Samples-Boys' kLta and drettet, choice
Women's Corset Covers be * ins to-morrow. Second Floor. S3.CO to 53.a0 Waists, now ZoU% ay** t.lu« $3.00 to $6.00, now . . 82MO »d $3*oo
lOC. 19c. 29c, 390, 53c. 73c, 83c. 98c $ , 5Q ScarfSf SBq $1s 00 Scarfs> $7m5 Q M.OO to *5 00 Waists, now .. . * Boyi . ?5c W| Shirt ,^ sjM# „ „ I4f . c
Women's Gowns worth UD tO $1.50 m c,„,< c *Q e-Wi fin <dff#l /in wLO 3,u ' /; ' ▼▼*»■»»■»• tayw , , , . Boyt* aoc $u«penden—Good webbings pretty ttnpe. ... . 14-0
. 69c?990 S " r L: iUexnndria Cotton we have so d China Silk Waists lot ordered the ho.i- (l , lsMl^^lw 75c
Women's Skirts worth UO to S4 95 $1 ° °° SC& S ' TH* 00 **** nn $3 S> hundred, 01 a: 52. 50 each-a de tyed ship- days, jast in, b.ack or white and all , v -n<J Robe ,_ ln M
Women S wort " JJ2 $135,00 Ccats $95.00— 5100.00 Coats $75.00 ment included in this sale at . . stead of $3.25 cut for this sale to $2.45 a»rk «.d light colorings, Turkith effect, ju« like fother' h
78C » $l * l7 ' *'-'* 5 ' I sues for 4to is yean, choice of hundreds of them, at
Women's Drawers worth UP to $1.25 m m mm * m m « * . mm* m * now SI.BB
; 2ic 29c :, 37c , 39 : Stock Adjusting m Silverware and Cutlery Dep'ts
Women's Chemises worth up to $2.20 9 ' m * +m.- ■
D^r^;sVS Results in Reductions of One-Third, One-Half and Even More Stock Adjusting Sale
palr iocandiBc lots, odd pieces and sets resulting from our wonderful Christmas sales in the Jewelry and Silverware depart- IVlGn*& CtothSntt
ments, have been "price adjusted" with a vengeance as the following quotations will prove: The assortment includes toilet mwmmfmm 49 %j
Gas Lamps 39c an( j manicure articles, solid silver and plated tableware, vases, scissors, knives, forks, spoons, etc., etc. if we atve only «few gtrmemt of ■ kind left or if
Radiators — Heaters r~ ~ iroo 4o> on accoußt of the dcAt y ed cold wetthcr we too
At Sped'al Sale {jE3fy, „ JK Jk: J^46> r m«y g«me«i of« kind left, the.c mutt go. Hence
VA sjMl/J [S3«WSII ,- \P/4tP**') these extraordiary tpecial price.:
High pressure Inctnde.cent \ lWsm&sa SarlT 'i . )) ' /wlv fwfl -
r r • , • H Jfuoo \lftU*V» htffi/ XSgW £%ri'\Af Men's Svlts that were $10.00 and $12.50 (most of them
lIJ ° aS LampS ' WUh patC9t * ,r I. 4f r/%'/L. ? £ F.U 7 fall , tne h, g her priced ones) most size. 3* to 44. in
\J ho]e doublfi framC W*f£ IB i * 9 1 PSPI fancy B chevL, now Cosing out „
mantle complete, instead of '
W Boc, thit week . . ££c ' *S~ Men's Suits toat wcrt $15.00, $18.00 ands2oo)o—mott
Large quadruple plated Handsome deposit silver Quadruple plated fern This pretty three-piece tolid tiiver Very handsome sterling tl.ver I cv- Sterling .i.Ter back, elab- Solid silver bread or cake Solid silver {9.00 cig- Size. %% to 42, in fine worsteds and cheviots in dressy
H» A Great Gas Saver loring cup: was rate, 10 inch:, high, dish, was 55.00, coffee tet, was {27.50, now. . eled hand mirror; was $11.00, crate detign military tray, was fai.co, arette case, now.. . f , .
- ~ , , $s-s=, now. $4 now .. $9.25 now .. . $ 3.00 $2 J.OO now.., $9,00 bra.hr,, rs6 0O now $10.50 $S.OO shades—wonderful bargam. at the £f% -9 &
Beacon doub.e frame Man. cosing out price *jr+Mm m
t - e| IBs* Sterling Silver Handled Mir- Sterling Silver $5.00 Ash Trays Beautiful Deposit Silver Vases All Gun Metal Goods—Consist- Sterling Silver Belt Buckles b r
w. , ' ,*,' '..* ," " 5, rors, French gray finish; were $3-50 that were $3.00 to $.21.00. now ing of cigarette cases, pencils, that were $675 to $i47. : i. now Men's Overcoats thai were good value at $15.00 —
weitbtcn doubletrtmeMan. UKSft] $9.00 to $13 50. now to $10.50 tablets, seals, purses, chains $5.00 to $9.50 sizes 34 to 46, in fine kerseys (blue and blackt) alto
tlet ....... 250 JMgl ..............$6 7.s to $i 0..50 Merung iuver »22.00 wmskv Sterling Silver Chatelaiqe Bags etc., now half price. German Silver Chatelaine Bags; i n oxford gray costing—jutt the cott you would buy
Peer.ess F.exo patent top gjgj" St £" hn £ SllVCr ? la 5 k f \ eK : et that were $ S .oo to $24.00 now Loving Cups and Trophy Cups, now asc to $ 3 ..50 if you had to pay full price., your -m—
Mantle. 35© MBS. Brushes; were $2.;0 to $4.50. sterling Silver $1.00 Brush just half price. .$2.50 to $12.00 quadruple plated: were Ss.-jo Scissors-Buttonhole, manicure /* JP 7 ? $9*75
Peerieu double frame 4 #- ' Siiver' H nSed 0 Har Holders 50c Sterling Silver 3-piece Bcrrv to $17.50, now .$4.00 to $15.00 and pocket: now. . .xoc to 35c cno.ee now a
inch Mantle ... 30© c?* I Brushes; were $2. so and $8.00. Sterling Silver Scissors. Ciga- was $24.00, now.. .$18.50 Fancy Bread anJ Vegetable Safety Razors, now 75c Men's Best Overcoats that>erc 125 and J22JO— sizes 35
Thfa SAW, Cmm *»At»i«~ fullnirke' now $1.25 and $5.50 rette Cases, Match Boxes, Sterling Silver Sugar and Trays, quadruple plated; were SWISS WaicheS —ln gun to 44, finest kcrseyt, in blue or black, and a few of
?-v„?T.., aUUOr "' " , , Sterling Silver Back Military Powder Boxes. Pin Cushions. Cream Set; was $20.00. now $3.50 to $8.00, now metal and fancy cases; regu- them oxford grey, the making tnd +4)4% mm mm
pitted, j-wei set, comp.ete with ten Brushes; were $4-50 to $15.00 Pungents, Dice Boxes. Seals, • • .$15.00 $ 2 . 50 to $6.00 i ar i y $3.00 to $18.00 each, now fittine alone worth the sale price . YO
433 yv feet of tubing, for pair, now $3.00 to $10.00 Pen Holders. Paper Cutters, Sterling Silver Fruit Dish: was Odd lots Plated Pickle Forks. $1.50 to $10.00
this Sterling Silver Nail Polishers Powder Jars, Soap Boxes, $20.00, now ..$15.00 Butter Spreads, Salt Spoons, Fancy Parisian Chains — Were $7.50 to $15.00 Coals and Vests —many odd lots in
111 111 » a c. . 413 SS and otner manicure pieces Night Lamps, Inkstands, etc., Sterling Silver Bread Trays; Oyster Forks, Table Forks, $2.50 to $4.50, now black trocks, most tizet up to 4a, m% J* ay mm
HI! mtmmWW that were 25c to $750, now.. that were $1.50 to $20.00, now were $17.50 to $21.50, now.. Spoons, Knives, etc.; now $1.25 to $2.25 marked for quick clearance .. . . m W* m 9
sss This $5 00 Oil Heater ISC to a,l?0 750 to I s' o ° $12.00 to $16.50 5c to 35c each And countless other articles. , ™
PjaSfeiHL —smoke ess and „ „ . .
odor-es,. patent Great Stock Adjusting iwBg*C% 3Wm3m€*—€mHI3m F33m%mmS4mmm%g% ftfs3*3+33*3*3*2 Slock Adjusting Sa/e
Sales Carpets, Rugs »»comparaaie Furniture Offerings Manjr Grocor/<M ,
Our choice stock of Persian Rugs and the Fur Hundreds of Pieces of Very Finest Furniture Made, at about Special Sales Liquors
Stock Adjusting Sale Rugs with heads now marked one-halt off. half ordinary prices. Pickles-Good quality .our pickiet, #-pt. 00, » pt- Wo,
Curtains, Draperies All short lines and surplus stocks of the finest Always 20 per cent under exclusive furniture and carpet house prices, the re- Crackers-Regular »<c to 50c" package.". . . 150
Nontajham Lace Curtains-Large va- makes of Carpets, in a wide variety of style, ductions we have made for the stock.adjusting sale mean a saving to thrifty Alpine or Lily Cream, ccn 7c
riety of new designs, in white are now re duced as below- Bring the size 0/ = llBn\ a -< = Af Trophy or Cream Baking Powder, %% 7c, X* 140, «» 280
and'ecru 3 and 3}4 yards long yOUr room y° U - We naVe a s h° rt length &£w]fl " This $ !2 - 50 Mcrr,s Chair —In weathered or golden oak ; . I Gelatine, NeUon'tor Chalmers', pkg 50
' . " that will exactly fill your wants you will make n SFring scat; h:iyy brlSs ratch?l: Jnl roi 5 well-filled MM am 19 I | Braunhardt Tropical Sauce, 18c, Ipt 33c
U0W ' Pgr f P, • an additional Saving: Wm I CU^ ion m, '' e °J Ve , ioUrB , COrdu^0 > , ' ' m " gUrCS ™ d s7*3s ill if f U«4J/ Catsup, S. & W., Heinr' or Long., % pt. bot 12c
75c curtains O+O iffisS*/ ill til B "PilP" rfA tolid colors, tor this sale only *r " mgj » Si »rfll .. , , . , , . _
$1.00 curtain. 79c $1-00 and £ 1.10 quality 10-Wire Tapestry Brussels 31 am ■ H sHr 1 I Horseradnh .nd Mwun, mixed, bot #60
f1.50 curtains. .. . $i.IH Carpels, yard, 85C. (I !*■ — y Tabourette as p'crured, in weather:d or golden oak, $1. 15 value for .# aW Jfll |jl | | Pumpkin, Van Camp' t, or Napoleon., 15c rae, can
5i.75 curtain.. ...$1 39 o>i ir» a»i or „ w „. „ v.i»«* jwrf. V O French Leg Tabourette, octagon top, in golden or in weathered oak, _ _ M ■CUf\ I <v«il ®°
; a .a S curtain. .... »1.89 and qualities Wilton Velvet QtrpetS, fj V 9 oc Talue ...... .V. .. . SSO johnwn'. Pineapple, grated. taU tin ...' 200
75c Table Covers—Ottoman Rep, m green only, yard HOC « • Hein«* Aoole Butter a. crock. Sfc
with heavy fringe ... . . 350 £~2 5 heaw pile Wool Velvet Carpels, yard . ■ Golden Oak Drester. - Fall .well quarter Fancy Chair-Po'- Ornamental Bed-In white al^pe.green ' p P. .4,. . . - •• • •
Oc Swiss Mvi n—4o inches wide, fancy stripe v . , . _ . . ~ . . « —L 4 j R IBS f enamel with gold ornament., full or three- «*<>'» »*»♦ nranu, qi. iuu, |». fW|[«- .• • 400
effect., yard . . 6<? Sf.UO «wed front. French beveled pUte m rrorj . Is hcd wood seat, Ul| | | w 6 orth <? Fme Red Salmon> tin ; 9q
51.50 Ve'our Cushion Covers Finest grade Ye- $\ .20 to $\. 50 qualities Body BrUSSCIS Carpets, lead" genuine ; »2. 5 0 Ttlue; thit - handsome quarter A%M 9 tale $4*90 Cafe B:and, 1 25c packaget for 250
rona and ilk velour. 04**4 >nchet. all ready jng makes $1.05 Mle nttrked oak; nice 3 IDr. Price. Lemon Extract, a s c we 190
datoy quality extra AanteSter Carpets, best makes. Golden Oak Chiffonier-Top drawer full .well, ton* at detk, igM l^2L^2e^ M L>. Price. V.niUa Extaact, 30c .«e 24c
ereen or pink on cream ground} they are yar d $1m25 with good sized French beveled plate mirror; dretsmg table Or WTjI jf wouw oe . low price, tor tnis Sunlight Matches, i dox. boxes in package. . . • Wo
three j.rds long, pair 7*o «.c . vf „ Wiltn. Wvrf it. equal you cannot find in the in hall or recep- £ B | " le m*W»4JO Swedish Matches 5S c boxe. 40 0
o^^^ city under,,,oo, this .ale $17.25 ti« room; |5 .0 C JJU 1 « 0/»C« now at , 5 .r cent * .. * • 2sZ
4.5 c drape, now. . JflOvot|»«ij, yaiu T." T _ value for W 1 1 1 off oor regu ar pr.ces—rr.ee. that are cor. derably zJ. ', f . .JT„,
85c drape. „.„... .«<, ~* # . fis Ilty tile effects. $i.2s A n ..her Fi« chid.ni.r-wi,h J » ">»«■- tk» «• ~ v-«». i-d. b,.., ss n.fix w s ::: 100
s ,, s . ? d ~7 5:^:- =^T : Prices include sewing, iining and laying. —--I «»■ «>*»*BM $3.t8 I S aWaJLI Sales Llauors
Heavy velour cushion covert, in burnt leather TV „, ,
«d .ppiique, thi. ..le, e^h.. . . $2.80 Great Stock Adjusting ij| _ mm 9#A#aftfftaTlAm# Qatt H" quette !Jui y ~ • ; YJ °
Embroidered Art Cushion .lip., were 6oc, how . 4* . m mm M. mTJO laf««f*flf 3333J\W %3%S Mcßrayer Whisky—lo yean old, full proof, regularly $4.00
&&3G Gf GOI*SGi& *lJa€/ A 9 - m . f 'f a gal., Monday and Tuesday . $3.15
Table Oil Cloth-Rednced from » 5 c th. yard AbouC half pr ; £e nQW fof jU J{)t| irrespectire of Yifsf t+ mfZr^MjStm 4 ' M t 3L*W ' Writing paper and o ld Nelson-National Club or Mcßrayer Whitky, regularly
rto '«" L ' '.J tS ? make, model or value: m\mmW mY £ mf* 3Y *7mTWMJ Ji TZ M M M£7l enVeIODCS, including 24 Sheets Of * lO ° bottle, tor the two day. 780
Stair Oil Cloth-Fifteen inche. wide, either $6 .00 to $10.00 imported $3.35 M # C^V^/ %//1 .. . , Gold Seal Champagne-Monday .nd Tuetday, per bot . . 410
brown or gray, ?g* •■• • 70 /4>oo and f 5 . 00 French coutl , eor|etlf aow . . , & - ' P a P er and 24 envelopes, white and Colors, Brandy _ M .rteU'. or Kennedy «*», regulariy f X. 7S bottle
,2.50 to $ 3 . so .ad other model.. CALIFORNIA S ruled or plain; marked for the stock ad- . SI.4D
pohshed ends and bracket.; a complete ijc Xt f1 . 75 ,nd *2.00 white, drab and black corrett .. ft? . ~ . . 0 _ r, nmm „. .h'»fc. bottle 7J»«
for gC AU g V OO <bort cortet , and m>nv other modeU> no / goo GRANDEST STORE J USCI "g Sale ' bOX 9° Ganmmede, pure rye wh.sk>, bot.le 7SO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905.
8132
AI>VERTISEMEXTS.
The Aeolian. Webe* Piano and
Pianola Company
announce that they have selected as their representatives for San Francisco
and surrounding territory the long established and well-known house of
KoKler Chase
WHm YEAR AGO tne Aeolian Co. and the Weber Piano Co.
BtsttngUtSt)ftJ l^eir interests ' ormm 8 a sm s e corporation, which is now StSttngUtSljttJ
the largest manufacturer of musical instruments in the world.
fthrnntt Operating six factories and owning branch houses in London, *g. qu CitYtt
Paris, Berlin and Australia, numbering among its patrons the royal families
of Europe and the social and financial leaders of the United States —the 9
"SjfSc fiiSS. Vlctorte ' agency of this company is naturally regarded as the most desirable that can 11 '^ 7 WL
Her Majesty Queen Alexandra. 1 La * J * *.L * I*. J Theodore ttooaeveit.
HM Royal Highness George. , D« Obtained Ul the mUSICaI trade. „ Bx-Preeident Grorer Cleveland.
Prince of Wales. . f _ , _ . 1» • f « Hon. John Hay.
H n I SS2Sor of J t^a£? Ms,n Alter careful consideration or the various applicants tor our agency on Hon. Eiihuwt.
■SJSrS m-I&ZZJfSSi the Pacific Coast we have appointed as our exclusive agents, and to handle aTSrit
g?gSSS i~ our line of S 0^8 j ll f erritor y. Kohler & Chase, established for 3nE»SrSa M
r,. x W *~ yttt over half a century and occupying a pre-eminent position throughout the John D s P reckeis.
His Maiwty Alfonso XXTI, King _ .. J rj © r * O* Ho „ rChom&m C. Piatt.
HtojSiS* Carloß I. King of V^ l ™ slope. M. H. de Young.
H l ui*^Tvttma m Hamld * Sul " The remarkably high standing of this house, their sound and progressive Siand Stanford.
H, Khllvi^Vrgy^t hBS Pacha business methods, their great outlet and the exceptional character of their Francla -
H clientage are too well known to the public to require comment. Suffice it Bianmng.
n King a o J rgLm Kbcn,lalonr ' coni to say, that this firm is the logical representative of such a corporation as s. *tmrp**t uSZmT*
t j ie Aeolian * Weber Piano and Pianola Company whose instruments are I^ISE&
of the standards of their type throughout the world. iZ^ZZtXS!*'
His Orace the Duke of Fife >iv _ . _ , Wna. X Vanderbilt Jr.
His Grace the Duke of West- 4DUT Olljltt, uttU Of SOUS Up ttOljiCt & €\}Q.&t Edwin Gould.
minster. . . Charles M Sehtrah.
H che«[eT the D " ta of Maa " m t & 10 . WBL RoC kefoiier.
Her Royal Highness Victoria, Geo. J. Gould.
StSSS Princes, ™E PIANOLA THE WEBER PIANO, aH. P. Belmont.
Herbal H« B hne SS Princess THEAEOUAN, THE WHEELOCK PIANO, Mr^ptt^Heait.
Duchess of Argyii. | THE ORCHESTRELLE, THE STUYVESANT PIANO. | *** 8H - Crockcr -
THE AEOLIAN PIPE ORGAN, THE WHEELOCK PIANOLA PIANO.
WWWWTHE WEBER PIANOLA PIANO. THE AEOLIAN CO. PIANOLA PIANO. WWWWPI
IMPORTANT. —Our arrangements with Kohler & Chase enable them to sell the various
instruments of our entire line at the exact prices and on equally as favorable terms as we'offer
in our retail house in New York, without any of the extra charges ordinarily reauired on the
Pacific Coast as a consequence of the high freight rates. The same guarantee which we give
with our instruments when sold in New York will apply to all of our products when purchased
from Kohler & Chase.
THE AEOLIAN, WEBER PIANO AND PIANOLA COMPANY
Fifth Avenue and 34th Street, New York
MONSTER CHORUS TO SING
AT MAY MUSIC FESTIVAL
Sun Francisco School Teachers Plan
an Attractive Affair to Swell
Their Annuity Fund.
The largest chorus ever organized
in this city wijl sing at the May music
festival to be given by the San Fran
cisco school teachers. The chorus
will be assisted by Innes' military
band of seventy pieces and a large
pipe organ. Mendelssohn's "Hymn of
Praise," Wagner's "Parsifa.l," "Lo
hengrin" and "Tannhauser" will form
part of the programme.
Dr. H. J. Stewart and W. C. Stadt
feld will personally conduct the re
hearsals, which are to be held on Fri
day evenings beginning on January
12 at the auditorium of the Girls'
High School. Alexander Stewart of
Oakland will rehearse singers of Ala
meda County. The committee urges
all trained singers to co-operate in
making the affair a success. The pro
ceeds will be used to swell the teach
ers' annuity fund. The festival is to
last a week.
The following are in charge: Miss
Estelle Carpenter, Arthur A. Macurda,
Miss Fannie Blivem, Miss S. J. Jones
William H. Langdon, A. L Mann'
Charles A. Murphy, Mrs. Mary Mc-
Glade, A. Roncovierl and Miss Nellie
Sullivan.
Bow and Necktie Party.
Loreley Circle of the Companions of
the- Forest of America has arranged
for a bow and necktie party in the
Alcazar building on the night of
Thursday next, to be given to its mem
bers and friends. Each person will be
presented a new year souvenir.
NftWBRO'S HERPICIDE
The ORIOMAL remedy that "talis the Dandruff Germ
GOING-1 GOING*•! GONE ! 11
A WOMAN TO BE PRETTY * c,lp u,!,n * !, * ,r Ne * tr °'»
#"»» WJ WiWaii • W9»m ea • >troyt thlJ tMmy of gnd hair
must h«ve prttty hair. Beautiful lock* have a to resume tit natural luster and abundance. Al
subtle charm, for the poet says, "fair tresses man's most marvelous results follow the use of Herptclde.
imperial race ensnare " The unpoetic and In- An exquisite hair dressing. Overcomes excess
sensely real dandruff microbe makes (he hair dull. Ive oillnsss and makes the hair light and fluffy,
brittle and with later dandruff, itching No grease or dye. Stops itching Instantly.
Drsf Storat, $1.00. Send 10c.. stamps, la HERPICIDE CO, Dept. H, Detroit, Wtn, far I sample.
APFI.IOATTOIT3 AT PBOMTjnBKT BABBEB SHOPS.
ADVOCATE IMPROVEMENTS
IN RICHMOND DISTRICT
Club Meets to Secure Completion of
Various Streets and Location of
Schoolhouse.
The members of the Thirty-ninth
District Improvement Club met re
cently for the purpose of discussing
and acting upon plans to secure need
ed Improvements throughout the
Richmond District Many petitions
were laid before the Board of Works
asking it to complete the paving and
sewering of various streets, and before
the Board of Education for the pur
pose of establishing a convenient
schoolhouse on Twenty-fourth avenue,
between Clement and California
streets.
The committee on street work and
I improvement petitions made its report
| and told of the results obtained by
fietitionlng the various branches of the
ocal government and stated that all
were receiving prompt and satisfac
tory attention.
With the election of new members
and the transaction of routine busi
ness the meeting adjourned.
Knights to Give Grand Ball.
The Knights of Columbus are ar
ranging for their first anniversary ball,
to be given in the Palace Hotel on
the evening of February 14. The af
fair will be an elaborate one and will
be attended by nearly 600 persons.
The committee of arrangements is
composed of the following well-known
gentlemen: Frank T. Shea, Thomas J.
Welch, R. E. Queen. J. D. Mahoney,
Neal Power, L A. Kelly, William
Patch, E. J. Dollard and James R.
Keith.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905.
OFFICERS OF WOODCRAFT
ENTER ON NEW DUTIES
Installation in Pioneer Hall by Tamal
pais Camp and Golden
Gate Circle.
At the joint installation of the offi
cers of Tamalpais Camp of the Wood
men of the World and Golden Gate
Circle of the Women of Woodcraft in
the Assembly Hall of the Pioneer build
ing this week the following named were
installed for the current term by Re
tiring Consul Commander J. McCann:
A. H. Hansen, consul commander; P.
J. Kelly, adviser lieutenant; F. W.
Farrant, banker; A. G. Gilsen, clerk;
G. L Clark, assistant clerk; A. Tobin,
escort; D. J. Mackel, watchman; F.
Rice, sentry; J. F. McElroy, manager:
A. J. Tickner, organist; C. J. Schmelz,
C. M. Troppmann. M. Neumann and G.
W. Goodale, physicians.
Then the following named were in
stalled as the officers of the circle by
Past Guardian Mrs. A. A. Perrin, as
sisted by the drill team of the circle in
brilliant new red uniforms, Captain Al
lie Perrin commander:
Agnes King, guardian neighbor;
Theresa Cassinelli, past guardian;
Elizabeth Hansen, adviser; Lottie
Moeller, magician; Lizzie Kamena,
clerk; Llllie Meredith, banker; Susan
Clark, attendant; Mamie Coleman, cap
tain of guards: Sayde Hammerton, in
ner sentinel; Minnie Kelly, outer sen
tinel; Mary Mnckel, manager; Mary
Callsch, magician.
After the installation Past Consul
Commander McCann was presented a
valuable Jewel of his rank, and then
he, on behalf of the camp, presented
to Mission Camp a silver pitcher, suit
ably engraved, in token of acknowledg
ment that that camp had beaten
Tamalpais in a contest for new mem
bers. After that Tessle Cassinelli, re
tiring guardian neighbor of the circle,
was presented a very handsome Jewel
in recognition of her services, and Mrs.
Llllie Meredith was presented an em
blematic Jewel in recognition of her
faithfulness as banker of the circle.
This was followed *by a short pro
gramme of varied numbers contributed
Sy Eric Davis. Alice Perrin, Miss Eliz
abeth Davis, Irene Kamena and Mme.
Ellen Coursen-Roeckel and by the serv
ing «of icecream and cakes and
dancing. ,
Coopers Elect Officers.
Coopers' Union No. 6$ has elected
the following- officers for the current
term: President, F. P. Peterson; vice
president, Joe Cresse; recording secre-
I tary, I. P. Biban; financial secretary,
jJ. J. Bernhard; treasurer, S. J. Cook;
: sergeant at arms, M. Burns; inside
I watchman, F. May; outside watch-
I man, N. Buckler; reporter, A. Milne;
I trustees—H. P. HJost, F. Michel and
M. Anderson; delegates to City Front
Federation—S. J. Cook. W. T. Colbert
and F. Steffan; delegates to Labor
Council—S. J. Cook, J. J. Bernhard, L
P. Biban and A. Milne.
Wants Bridge Repaired.
The executive committee of the
Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs sent a communication yester
day to the Board of Supervisors call
ing attention to the bad condition of
the bridge at Mount Vernon and San
Jose avenues and of the approaches
thereto. The bridge is used by the
Southern Pacific Company. It is a
frame structure and is said to be in
dangerous shape. The roads leading
to the bridge are impassable and
wagons are compelled to lighten their
loads in order to get through. The
federation petitions the Supervisors to
repair the bridge and improve the bad
condition of the roads.
HELP RETIRED TEACHERS.—The Clem
ent Annual, a monthly publication issued by
the pupils of the Clement Grammar School,
made a profit of 940 last year and the monej
was turned In yesterday by Principal W. W.
Stone to the permanent fund of the teachers'
annuity and retirement fund.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Stop
GRAY HAIR
Before it spoils your beauty
and puts the seal of age on a
youthful face.
MRS. NETTiEHARRISON'S
4-day
HAIR RESTORER
Is a harmless preparation that
restores gray or faded hair to
its natural color without any
inconvenience or disagreeable
after effects. Not a dye;
cleanly to use; free from sedi
ment or sticky matter. Price
$i a bottle. All druggists.
Mrs. Nettie Harrison Co.
DERMATOLOGIST,
149 Eearj Sleet, .an rnnclsco.
PERSONAL.
Frank T. Hunter of Seattle Is at the
Palace.
Dr. C. O. Jones of Sonora is staying
at the Lick. i
Attorney W. E. CTothers of San
Jose is at the Palace.
H. P. Stabler, a fruit grower of
Yuba City, is at the Lick.
Burton Holmes, traveler and lecturer,
is registered at the St. Francis.
Oscar Dunton, a prominent resident
of Petaluma, is at the Grand.
Charles E. Derby, a mining man of
Mount Bullion, is at the Palace.
John W. Mitchell, one of Los Angeles' j
leading lawyers, is at the Palace.
A. W. Thornton, an insurance man \
of Seattle, and wife are at the St. Fran- 1
cis.
State Superintendent of. Public In
struction Thomas J. Kirk is at the Pal
ace.
Jay W. Adams, Pacific Coast agent of
the Nickel Plate line, is at the Occi
dental.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the
Palace were Mr. and Mrs. B. D. Crock
er of Tacoma.
George Ross, superintendent of one of
the big sugar plantations of Hawaii,
is at the St. Francis.
Colonel J. B. Lankershim, one of Los
Angeles' heaviest realty holders, is a
guest at the St. Francis.
Arthur E. Pettit of Johannesburg,
South Africa, arrived from the East
yesterday and is staying at the St :
Francis.
Willard S. Tupper of Los Angeles and
Leon S. Rosenblatt of Portland, who
are prominent in coast insurance cir- ,
cles, are at the St. Francis.
A party consisting of Stewart Ed- '
ward White and Samuel Hopkins Ad
am*, the well-known writers, and their
wives; C. S. Aiken, editor of Sunset;
Charles Rollo Peters and Robert I. Ait
ken, the well-known artists, made a
trip to the top of Mount Tamalpais yes
terday, returning on the gravity car. i
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK. Jan. 7.—tfhe following
Californians are In New York:
From San Francisco—G. Howard, at
the Continental; J. W, Provard, at the
Hoffman, and W. V. Smith, at the
Hotel Astor,
From Los Angeles—Mrs. Bollinger, !
at the Imperial, and Mrs, F. S. j
Griffith, at the Park Avenue.
Scott Is Sustained.
The Supreme Court yesterday de- I
clared that Edward I. Sheehan had
no right to interfere with Joseph
Scott's conduct of the Tax Collector's
office of San Francisco. It was held
recently that Scott waa ineligible for
the position, but after his predecessor
had surrendered the office voluntarily
further action outside of the suits
pending would have been illegal.
POET STAGES
• QIAINT PLAY
Charles Keeler Produced His
"Triumph of Light" in the
Little Unitarian Church
CROWD SEES SPECTACLE
Beautiful Verse tind Pretty
Pictures Combine to Give
Rare Treat to Audience
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Jan. 7.
A mystery play by a Berkeley poet,
with some of the moot prominent peo
ple of the university town In the cast,
proved a magnet to-night to crowd
to overflowing the quaint Unitarian
Church on Bancroft way.
Charles Keeler, maker of beautiful
verse, staged the play, which was of
his own writing, modeled in form after
the old English morality plays. Keeler
called it "The Triumph of Light" It
glorified love and light as opposed to
what the poet thinks is the modern
tendency to worship gold.
On the diminutive stage of the
church mingled odd shapes of medieval
makeup, as the play proceeded, and
strangely clad characters, picturesque
in the extreme, made of the stage a
gorgeous blaze of color, while the act
ors recited and sang the exquisite lines
given them by the poet.
Keeler appeared as the Priest of the
Sun in the prologue. He was clad in
a scarlet robe, piped with gold. He
told how Mortality, a "man unhappy,
world-surfeited and wandering alone
in ebon gloom," was to be shown the
mystery of life. Following this pro
logue came darkness, the faint mur
mur of an organ, and voices of an un
seen chorus, mingling with the laments
of Mortality. Then appeared the
Seuaph of Dawn, heralding the coming
of the King of Day. The black-robed
figures fled. To the strains of the
"War March of the Priests," in "Ath
alie," by Mendelssohn, came the spirits
of California, led by Pan.
After a succession of picturesque
scenes, where all the characters con
tributed to the beauty and impressive
nesg of the spectacle, came the final
picture, where Mortality, after a se
ries of wanderings and minor revela
tions, receives the torch of Truth and
awakens the sleeping child, Love, who
with a kiss gives him immortality.
Thus the triumph of Light is complete.
Some of the principal characters In
the play were taken by the following
persons: Charles Keeler, Priest of the
Sun; Professor Frank Soule, Mortality;
Miss Ethel Preble,' Seraph of Dawn;
Mrs. H. N. Minor, Nature, Mother of
Earth and Sea; Lester Parker, King
of Light. The chorus of "California"
was composed of Mr. and Mrs. Payson,
Judge Haight, Professor and Mrs. Far
rington, Mr. Trott. Bertha and A.
Brehm, Mrs. W. B. Clarke, Mrs. Loth
rop and Mrs. Cadey.
REPORTS SHOW THAT YEAR
HAS BEEN A BUSY ONE
Young Women's Christian Association
Hold Its Twenty-Seventh Meet
ing and Elects Officers.
The Young Women's Christian As
sociation held its twenty-seventh an
nual meeting last Friday. The reports
showed that the home at 1259 O'Far
rell street had been taxed to its ut
most capacity. During the year it has
hud 1285 boarders. The different
classes were attended by about 700
women. Over 600 applicants obtained
work through the employment bureau.
The library and reading-room have
been kept open day and night and the
sewing school has had an attendance
of 100 children between the ages of 6
and 15 years.
At the lunchrooms at 116 A Davis
street 93,212 lunches were served. The
relief committee has assisted 1812
girls in many ways and the travelers'
aid committee has had a member at
steamers and train stations to guide
strangers and to give aid to all women
and children that needed help.
The treasurer reported that $23,
--265 40 had been received and $22,
--r.l 3 31 disbursed, leaving a balance of
$752 09.
The following officers and board of
directors were elected: President, Mrs.
W. O. Gould; first vice president, Mrs.
G. W. Prescott; second vice president,
Mrs. J. F. Merrill; third vice president,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE ADVICE
CURINfi CAT A
i j mm^^^^^^^^mm* w Don't Buffer with Catarrh any
Don't let It destroy your happiness
Asm —your health —your very life Itself.
Don't waste any more time—energy,
IwItoHLI money, in trying to conquer it with
iff flaw _ j&jm Don't think it can't be vanquished
HSfflß ust because you have not sought help
wmUF&?' Write to me at once and learn how
muui\M f V': it can be cured. Not merely for a day.
'pfliuiw v a week, or a year—but permanently.
'"IfHP' -\p / J3Wpg>L 'Sjv. Let me explain my new scientific
<(NpHHp} method of treatment, discovered by
) Catarrh is more annoying
|V Mai,' trouble —more than an unclean dis-
In. ease —more than a brief ailment. It's
mm^\l *r~~j/'wU m mb ttle advance Buard oi
I come Consumption. It has opened
" tne . door of death for thousands.
DR. SFSOtrXtZ. B. A. I'll gladly diagnose your case and
successful Catarrh. Specialist. * lye y° u free consultation and advice,
succassiui vmkxh Bpecwun. a ceQt>
Read these questions carefully, an
swer them yes or no and send them
with the FrM Medical Advice Coupon. Tpm If Tjl iTITIT T
Dr. Sproule will study them thorough- ]j£| 1 JJtlHi 1 JjJjJJ
ly and write yon in regard to your
case, without its costing you a cent.
Do you eneexe often?
YOD JUST HOW
Is your breath foul?
Are your eyea watery?
EfSwttS, TO CURE CATARRH
Do yoft have to salt often?
Do crusts form In your nose? _„ _ m
Are you worse m damp weather? Let me show you what TO do for you
Do you blow your ncae a good deal? entirely without charge. Thousands
Are you losing your sense of smell? *. .
Does your mouth taste bad morning*? have accepted this offer —to-day they
Do you have peine in your forehead? are free from Catarrh. You've noth-
Do you have a dull feeling in your head? , . _ , „ , ~,..,,( V, ,_- ♦ _
Do you have to clear your throat on tie- hi* to lose and everything to gain.
ing? just for the asking you'll receive the
* tlCUto * •* n ** tUm ta rouP benefit of my nineteen years of expe-
Do you have an unpleasant discharge rience—my important new discover-
into roar throat Pledge of the dis
from the nose? ease.
Answer the question* I've f^mmmmmmmmm ssssss"i mmmmmmmmmmm^mmmmmm^mmmm
made out for you, writa rnrr urniui Catarrh Specialist SPROtLE. 165
your name and addreea plain- Met MtUIuAL Trade Building. Boston, will you
Ir on the dotted lines In kindly send me. entirely free of
the Free Medical Advice iRVIOF fiCtiPQN charge. you r »<Jvlce in regard to
Coupon, cut them both out ""'ivfc •»«•«»" the cure of Catarrh.
and mall them to me as soon
as possible. 'Twill cost you XT .
nothing and will give you the NA «" «»■*■ hii«m ■ . . ..
most valuable information.
Address Catarrh Specialist .nnuras \
BPROUT.E, 166 Trade build- ADDKBBa •»•• •
ing. Boston. Don't lose any
time. Do It now. s
WILL HANDLE
LAND INSTEAD
OF PRODUCE
DANIEL (y CALLAGHAN, WHO HAS
ENTERED THE REAL ESTATE
AND INSURANCE BUSINESS.
Dan O'Callaghan, one of the best
known of San Francisco's young busi
ness men, has withdrawn from the
wholesale and shipping world to invade
the insurance and real estate fields. He
has retired from the shipping and com
mission firm of O'Callaghan, Nelson &
Co., In which for many years he has
been senior partner, and has taken of
fices at 412 Pine street, in the Nevada
Bank building, where he will engage in
the general real estate and insurance
business.
O'Callaghan has been a successful
business man, and few people on this
coast enjoy a wider acquaintance. His
father was Captain James O'Callaghan,
one of the prominent pioneers of 1849.
Captain O'Callaghan from 1851 to 1853
was Assessor of San Francisco.
Dan O'Callaghan has been in busi
ness for himself since his twentieth
birthday, and takes into the new field
a reputation for integrity, good Judg
ment and hustle. He has secured the
city agency for the Liverpool, London
and Globe Insurance Company, and al
ready is handling several Important
real estate deals.
Mrs. H. J. Sadler; fourth vice presi
dent, Mrs. M. P. Jones; fifth vice
president, Mrs. I. H. Morse; recording
secretary, Helen Van Winkle; corre
sponding secretary, Mrs. F. A. IJams;
treasurer. Mrs. E. L. Walz; directors —•
Mmes. W. O. Gould, G. W. Prescott,
J. F. Merrill. M. P. Jones, H. J. Sad
ler, A. R. Baldwin, G. P. Thurston, S.
P. Tuggle, I. H. Morse, F. A. Ijams,
Miss Helen Van Winkle; trustees —J.
F. Merrill, W. F. Whlttler, W. H.
Crocker, E. B. Pond, George Fred
ericks, George P. Thurston. W. J. Dut
ton; attorney, Charles A. Gray; audi
tors — George Fredericks, Adelaide
Brown; physician, Ida Cameron.
Commercial lunch at the Terrace Gar
dens, 40 cents, 11:30 to 3p. m. 121-127
Mason street. •
Professor Stephens Will Lecture.
Professor H. Morse Stephens will
resume his series of university exten
sion lectures on the Napoleonic pe
riod at the Mechanics' Institute to
morrow night at the art gallery of the
Mechanics' Pavilion. His subject is
"The Grand Army," and will present
for the first time the results of many
years' study on the composition and
administration of Napoleon's wonder
ful army.PRAGIIRS J PRAGERS | PRAGERS | PRAGERS J PRAGERS 1 PRAGERS | PRAGERS
Begins Monday Morning—Third Floor. I I Begins Monday Morning—Third Floor.
The Greatest Single Purchase Jft fTf It c bought These Goods at
of Chinaware Ever Made by >\&+V?J a Figure That Enables Us to
a Retail Store in This City 1 wj^An^t/omsm.\ Make unprecedented Offer
——San Francisco shoppers will have an opportunity at this sale to secure fancy decorated China at prices so low that all will marvel at our ability to conduct such a wonderful event.
This is how we do it: Ninety-seven cases of Chinaware were shipped from New York's largest importer to a local jobber. They were due to arrive in November last, but did not reach here until t O6 /?
yjffeTj/_j) first of the year, too late for jobbing. The shipment was offered to a number of crockery houses, but, being past the holiday season, they did not see fit to add to their stock so large an amount of 8 V*N-»
& xoods. The tremendous amount of holiday business in our department left us in splendid shape to handle it We were quick to make a bid, and received the entire lot at practically our own
* is tnus tnat we are en abled to inaugurate this great sale. This is an event that will make history in the retail Chinaware business of this city. sa js^^2as*^
! *^Sl» = AiS=* Hand-Painted Plates and Salads at Salad or Fruit Bowls—Large size; Portrait Plates — Handsomely hand- China Tea Set—Consisting of four ft* - . p .
Rait* anrl P*™-™ Mb.t. rWnraterl one-half price—There is a painted gold lace on the edges and a bor- painted, with a heavy real gold pieces—butter, sugar, creamer and rorce/am.
baits and Peppers—Nicely decorated figure in the center and beautifully der of dainty floral sprays; job- edge; they are extra large; jobber's spoon holder; all nicely decorated Vegetable Dishes—Large size; job
chma: jobbers price xoc, our C- tinted t .o a dark border, on the ber's price 7 5c; sale price price $5.00; our price... MQO with gold and pink floral sprays on <v ■ ber s price 30c; our sale price IQ
sale pnce j edges; the rim o{ the p]ates is T7C J>L,JQ the border; jobber's price <f Cfi \MA'Mv
Cuspidores—Handsomely tinted and heavily gold laced and traced, and Salad Sets—Made of thin china, deco- Milk Pitchers—Tastefully decorated; $2.50; sale price J>i»*J\J ' Vegetable Dishes—Round, large size;
decorated china; jobbers OC- made of Royal Vienna china: rated vv .; t h little violet sprays and a large enough to be used as a wa- Chocolate Cups and Saucers—The ->w jobbers price 20c; our sale jf
price 50c; our sale price.. \ : y*ffiJsffl/ Bread and Butter Plates oOc green spr j g here and there; the ter pitcher; jobber's price decorations are very dainty and 4&m_Jji)sb pnce IAV
Shaving Mugs—Tinted edges, with Pie Plates • • ?« ed « es are sold traced; the set con- 35c; our sale price *wC pretty; jobber's prlc<* 35c; OC- Pie Plates—Jobber's price 8c;
floral sprays; a bar across the top V' • Fruit or Dessert Plates Si JU sist s of a bowl and six plates to Sugar Sifters—Jobber's price -f A- our sale price eWC our sale price */t
o 0 „ r r S °prL iobber ' S ~ ! lOC J p'ric.'.^JT.2s 35c; sale price........ ■ B«--Wtk floral_»Jr. Price £
our price... Si oo- special sale price C/.- Mush and Milk Sets—Consisting of a and .gold edges—unusually pretty—. * 2C ' ou * 9a,e P nce ••••• wv
Butter Dishes— Individual dishes; ' «71/ C plate, bowl and pitcher of nicely jobber's price 40c; our sale OC- Dinner Plates — Jobbers price
decorated china; jobber's price owl*L ' LLa r r e am 4-t« New shaoes — - . m - decorated china; jobber's IT/)/" price .' #WC 12c; our sale price li<
Soc a dozen; sale price, a JKf %\o™zT&*£* «r J, '° o 6PCCiaI *** Cracker Jars and Chocolate Pots-All Sou P price 12c; 7.
aozen Vk. price soc a set; our sale price This is the greatest special of the Bouillon Cups—That have little trays new shapes—none better; jobber's •
Cream Pitchers—Beautifully tinted, W Celery Trays— Made of the finest of sale. These plates are made of thin of violets for decorations; jobber's price $1.50 and $1.75; your QO- uoats joDDers price «|Q
and golds nearly a quart; job- UV* t f> c hina nicely decorated; a good Bavarian china, with gold lace edges price 50c; our sale price.... 7JT. choicest 29c. our saie price J s\.
ber's price 25c; sale price f/| r value at $1.00; the jobber's C/-/. and dainty little sprays of violets —Bowls—Jobber s price 15c; onr <§(\ r
iVC %y price 7Sc; our sale price.... JVC and green sprigs; a high-class plate sale price I l/C
Cups and Saucers-A big lot, many in «™\ c ! r f a OC r T 3 JOr
designs and shapes; prices range saBBBh ?i-00; great special saie Jjf price. ««rf|
from 15c to 25c; your «f/l> -orA P r 'ce \^••..%>. <&$Y M* '-/';«.< Platters — Decorated — 14-lnch «%/\
choice of any IvC VII fSj jgjttj r size; Jobbers price 60c; sale
Chop Dishes — Made of Royal Ba- c^^^^^P^T VU A r!M ; : " ' \ f Platters — Decorated — 10-inch -f
varian china—in a of at- .. * IUC
Try a 29c Lunch I Dress Shields I Standard Pafferns I Popular Music QttXIMtZ in Women's C/oafc and I I Sa 'f° f *" s I <™T>, "°" r "
' (Matador, <«al„Fle.„ K afCost CJ* Th/." 8»a"°oL, y To Llrow T. w,l. «hsT.ft' n . ,v!?, r ,"S!S D _ C^-J
in Our .rJWi mv * pT flgfc Surf SeCflOtt r C PuK Food
am) ventilated; fcT- our Notion Counter. Monday and Tue.day fJgUQ, (Second Floor) Seat. iS? 4« .nv.l ft Eaterbrooks. Oil- ;„t.ei; rejulil, II;
CAFE .pair ........ff3C u y ce h d av , e o b roSlsr .a ST New Walking Skirts, that are illustrated by §2 e S,". e ,'; o Vh^ m fc?Kn,*" d SJSS. t cfc> ..„
..CflrC. H, AIW „. 1- i . JC ZQ/. hM the accompanying drawing. They are abso- fSST V« * S " OW
,ro„r,h noor, »^S?ac?„re' r B s! JR« SPWIiSM « Hlh at W , ute l y the swelles? skirts we have ever shown »,•-«&£ «/P Hf'Sf £1 SP-S& SSJ
me d..„.,e,t .f «r- 75 C S^.rTntSS? 1 !, f\ for the money. The materials used are extra ............ OC I £ZA™.I(IR C Opens Feb. Ist.
vice women. I Love You, Mame, etc (H (( f# V quality Alpaca and Panama. There are thirty- g P"ce, a dozen.. I ~.. wv |1
Strona Values'm Laces I SDecials in Domestics Wm% Women's Pretty New "Quality" Groceries and
wrong values in Laces specials in uomesms fittim. A s IOO o you win agree with us when you sec Liauors
and Embroideries and Curtains « h «™• 0-^1^ ,™ Mus,, n rwcar 9
_ . (Main and Second Floors) Tj|R lItL £6 45 3Hff S6 95 (Second Floor) If yOU Will notify US we will be pleased
(Mam Fioon Some of the best lines culled from our fllliVflf w c"* These offerings are the continuation of to telephone to you at regular intervals and
These goods are brand new and bought great White Sale. Jjf i■■; ' SUITS the best from our wonderfully successful take your grocery orders. Our special
especially for this sale. Although there was Pillow Cases—Made of the best muslin and MU $20.00 Suits, all styles, now. • $9,9S Third Annual White Sale inaugurated deliveries insure prompt service.
very heavy buying last week, some remark- 6 C ttt \\ \\ \\fk f££ |u!u, have a fine assortment of S P eCialS f ° r Monday and Tuesday:
able values still remain. Sheets - Double bed size, with an extra wide //I//£ || * /ickefS % _ n . r
Point de Paris and Double Thread -Normandy hem and made of the very best 7C fiff H\\ $10.00 Covert Jackets $6.45 Masonville muslin. They have high neck Sg2S2S. vSSl^Jt^
Valenciennes Laces -In a big variety of sheeting; worth 50c; special at JJC «f : | l|i\V | Kersey Coats now *nd are full through the body and at the Wgg** Nav «l ora ~ Br |i d c «
STS *£S?£ B^ t^n^^ ill I (HI T !.$3.95 to $6. 95 ™ d Poppy "oi'Si canned
»jS a yard. Special, a yard DC T™[ *™ 5 c ||| |tV V VM The sizCS » re l8 ' 19 and 20 ' and the P ri « L^dl^^
Normandy Valenciennes and Point de Paris Comforters - Made of the best of white $LOO Winter Waists now. 49<* gg gg Jf 53c; 10 -lb tins ... .$1.04
Laces—That wash well and are used so cotton filling and the best of Silko- TQ $1.75 Black Sateen Petticoats 95C /UW, Jfk.CJ Tomatoes — extra solid pack; 3-lb.
much for underwear trimmings; edgings line; $1.10 value; special at I✓G Furs now one-half price. . Corset Covers—Made of a nice soft cam- _ tins . : dozen, Jpi.-«L»; tin 11c
M° 6 wSn H h :sc V and Wool | bed "not so T 5 JJfSSSS T X^~*S
at* ! Vc to be J2.50 Sa/e of Rem/ianfs Maffed P/cfures *> 4 s and 50 ; on B a, e 75c j^w^^^u^c^v^
Edgings—Made on goo* quality muslin; with India Linon-An unusual value of sheer white (Main Floor) (Third Floor) • •• • from selected stock and the h^igh
eood firm edges and in a large assortment linon; full 40 inches wide; regu- lit- A large variety of mixed Monday and Tuesday we Corset Covers—Made of a fine quality of mus- est quality made; quarts, 23c 5 X gals., 4-c ;
ot patterns; widths from 2to 4 inches; larly 20c; special at suitings, Etamines, Home- •,, have on sale a beautiful l>n; tight fitting; some are high neck; others gallons 80c
fu to, v , rn . cn<.r;-»i at" j * *■ & » » Win nave on saie a wyi»'w are square neck; finished neat y around the itnnnre
worth 8c and 10c a yard, special, a C T Portieres—All the leading colors of spuns and Canvas Weaves, in • . . • j 7e arm and neck; sizes 34 to 44; regularly O- . _ LigHOfS
y ard tapestry; they are finished with a pretty colors and black and plain and P 20^ 20 mch " in SIZe ' sold at 2 , c; special sa ft p ric 7.... K OC White Wine-Old Hock-worth double; gal-
Cambric Edging and Insertions-From 3to $2.50 fancy silks, the accumulation matted w * DrawerB _ Only the very best muslin WMskey—Prager'V * Old * Glory—that "favorrte
5 inches wide; insertions Ito mches »v T . of a big season's business, at mats, with Circular ana has been used in these garments. They are brand; regularly $3 a gallon; special. .$2.05
wide; m open work pattern; worth f 4 Curtains—We sold hundreds of pairs of cur- square openings. The sub- cut very full and are put on a yoke at the Port, Sherry or Angelica- — Good 4-year-old
■ 20c a yard; special, a yard UC tains last week; the same great values re- 76 TO 72 Olt T\ 1° * ™, 1C t n men waist, with all the fullness to the back. wine; 5 bottles *LOO
_ t . . _ . 4 TJ . . main; prices range from 25c to tfT /1Q jects are tOO.numerous to men- They are finished at the bottom with a deep A. B. C Budweiser or Schlitz Beers—Quarts;
Embroidery Edgings-From 6to 14 inches Mannish Suiting*-45 inches . . this smaH advertise . trim med with tucks; on spe- r/|j, dozen ./ '....*2.at>
wide; made on fine muslin and cambric, Bleached Damask—Full 58 inches wide; reuru- wide, medium weight; reg- , . cial sale at «WC Whiskey—Mcßrayer's — distilled in Kentucky;
with close stitched scallops ; worth 40c i ar i y sold at 40c a yard; special at.. OCular $1.2? value: spe- Or ment. They are elegant and just gallon, f 3.15; bottle 75c
and 50c a yard; special at s4«/W .- J r OD/? suited for sitting-rooms, or Skirts—Here is a skirt made of a fine grade p a bst Best Malt Tonic —Or Anheuser-Busch
t Tm.r.iina til/»arV.erl• full 20 inches _ _, , -n c „ • of cambric, with a 9-inch flounce of lawn Malt Nutrine; dozen $2.15
_ „ < • t, n,ade on f« Black Taffeta incheS W,l l SU " s« A and anot h er flounce of embroidery 9 inches ora^ge Cidw-Bottle 15c
D SS? I ?3L w ? th heaH n ff W at he too to 7al«.e *Ul ya d speciaV....'.fT." "C wide, guaranteed; worth 65c perb- Style. Every deep; there are four tucks and a double WhTskey-Old Crow; full proof, 8 years old;
blind-and open work effects; worth JQr large towel; regularly I2j4c each. Sale 25c, our sale price lar value $1.50 and $1.75; special at 70C gallon; 5pecia1. ... .,......... »3.25
50c a yard; special price • v j v — ■ B
Br/ghf as fhe Noonday Sun, and Cosfs Buf tiff/c More
We have devoted a very large section of our This is the feature of the Block Light that we r \
third floor for the sale and demonstration of the want to impress upon you. It hums 8 parts of air to
''S' ll - c ' nv ' te ever y one to come ana " see one of gas, thereby reducing your gas bills one-
these bright lights in operation, and compare half and § ivin § over four rimes the ''S ht you (==i lM
them with others. We are confident that we can can get from any other burner - Every ?'^ k &
C ° nvinCe y ° U that the B '° Ck light is the brighteSt mInMC a g m M
IESm Ever 'y part is made specially for this ""'T^vtofprS^
llSTflir The mantles are of unusua "y heav y texture and mingling of gas and air, producing perfect com- jA^^f
very much tougher than those ordinarily in use. bustion. The gas passes through a patented gauze, is &mM
Wm The >' w,li not only outlast the ord ' narv mantle - v • . broken into particles which mix with air; the degree of §0
but will produce the whitest quality of light. The brilliancy of this light depends upon the perfection of ISHf
glassware is made in Germany and is the highest 11 this mix'tui*e. An air shutter regulates the flow of gas to ¥^3
standard in the world. 3>M the burner. W
— ~ VH> AIAVAYJ RCUABL£ 1 ===============^
Pragers, the Exclusive Selling Agents of the ] j | B/ock l/ghfc comp/efe with a burncf) a sftade
j Famoi/S B/OC/V Light for This City .... and a manf/e, ready fo 6e a/fached ..... ij) J.Z J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905.
8834
•Jf' 9m%mm mftkm\. Mm%mm\ MWWh aJL- AWft OFFICE DESK of of
„,, , tJ . X W All! I H ■ ■ I Ljtv nnnl fice and typewriter desks both
DINING TABLE Solid Oak, golden finish. 6- \II Bj WgJ I'll IHL MSB UUlf lA tops. Golden or weathered oak or mahog
foot draw, turned and fluted legs. gQ « » • W XLL any . Prices to please every purse.
well made and highly polished.... #
BHHR*BB Whether you plan to equip a modern cottage or H9ESB|I l^^^^^^^rl
■ j B '^ e™° lj I I
nHlnl is a newness freshness always noticeable. If the j^^alu
goods we carry were not just what the people want, HlVßilHi HH HSRI
upnght Folding Bed-QuarterH.awed we would not be doubling our business. The few ***** Bo^m^ UMmd Ward r*^^^^
oak, golden finish; bevel French c H r >° camnei^ m eJ ££ i ~% de _ » assortment in golden, weathered en finish; panel doors; interior fin-
p ""::::::. $29.80 items listed will serve as a guide to prices. tttfSSfir pt d £ica rd '? c . ma : $60.75
No. i. Hall Rack and Seat— No. a. Chiffonier-—Golden fin- No. 3. Dresser—Golden fin- No. 4. Morris Rocker—Solid No. 5. China Closet — Solid No. 6. Folding Bed—Golden No. 7. Princess Dresser — No. 8. Metal Bed—Heavy no-
Made of quarter-sawed oak, ....... .. oak co'den finish: adjustable finish; mantel top; decorated _ rights- anc-le iron side and
golden finish; wcl.mad, and i»h; fi« d««r. «d ha. i.h; .hapad top; bevel-plat, oak, grtden finish; adjustable -ith b e v e l-pla«« mirror; Qnarter-sawed oak or cnrl y 22^1rtJSSlJ«rt3
—- ; $16.73 :Z..fT- $7.60 —$9.75 $8.90 $12.75 [ L£ g $24.60 - g $9.60
No house on the Coast is better fitted to supply your carpet needs than JjSslffl Buj yOUr dra P eries where you g et th e largest selection—where each ar
the House on the Square. New designs ready for your inspection. It is to tide has stood the rigid inspection of an expert buyer, whose duty it is to
your interest to buy here. You can't appreciate what a choice variety is -mSßmmmm tPßrnfffeffiiai BCC at est ° n * y 1S snown> cannot fail to be pleased when you
shown unless you come and see for yourself. see t^ie dis P la y- Allow us to figure on your drapery.
Tapestry Brussels—ln Oriental and floral designs. An excellent HC n $1-50 Nottin S nam Curtains—Good heavy net. Floral and rococo pat- o 
weave. Choice patterns, suitable for any home. Per yard.... #3C terns. 50 inches wide, 3 yards long. Per pair 85C
Velvets—No carpet made has the soft blending of color of the velvet. We $7-5© Arabians—Cable net curtains, 50 inches wide, 3 yards lon* *n rtf
are showing a Urge line of patterns in Oriental, floral and Per- choice patterns. Per pair f .. l4 _ J3.75
decile. Oriental and floral' designs.' Close- '' jj $13.50 Rep Portieres-Tapestry. A variety of colorings. Per pair, j^jj
Japanese Rugs—3ox6o inches, in effective colorings. r »an kWI $5.50 Frou Frou Tapestry Portieres—Fringed top and bottom. «ra OC
Price mm Jl.lD 50 inches wide, 3 yards long. Per pair m^O.L>D
Smyrna Rugs—3ox6o mcbes. All wool. Reversible. Oriental 1 ■>, ~. ll> Z n 1 $ lx -s<> Couch Cover—6o inches wide, 3 yards long. Reversible, C 7 AA
designs. Price fZ.OJ KCgftl KailgC fringed all round. Oriental designs. Each , J/.UU
Art Sqiiares—9x9 feet. All wool. Reversible. Price.... . OA Built to Ust a century. Will cut your fuel bill in half. We guar- $4.50 Couch Cover—Petti weave. Reversible. Oriental designs a***
fcpu.yU antee it on every point. Terms, $1.00 down and $1.00 a week. Each.. A . kpZ«ZS
China oak Sideboarf—S gulden fin- No. 3- CHIPFONIER—Quarter No^^
or weathered finish; beautifully or weat hered- lattired Honrs anH ish » prettily carved and highly _ . .„ Quarter-sawed oak. Beautifully sawed oak, golden finish Five
carved top; finished with bevel weathcrc <*. la «.ced doors and The Rentmg Departme „ t will save you fl ked hand . carved Bevel drawers sh ' oak, golden finish. Seroentine
French plate mirror. « ? ™ panels; artistic in Cf\ bevel-plate mirror. hours of weary labor. An immense list of ;^ c^ French plate mir- Cl 7 An front. Bevel plate „
Price «.«*.±~mm •P*tfa««*/ evei 7 lme - «»ce Price ...........«m. m •piUtfJl houses and flats. Service absolutely free. I the best. Price.*•« •P*Jl»fJ| ror. Price..i»»^ M- mirror. Price....« •BmI«I)U
* THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905."MIZPAI1," A BIBLICAL
•• PLAY, WILL BE
PRESENTED. ■
TALENTED ACTRESS WHO WIU.
BE SEEN IN* "MIZPAH" AT THE
MAJESTIC.
"Mlzpah; or. the Story of Esther," ;
a poetical drama, based upon the story
of the Scriptures, by Ella Wheeler Wil- I
cox and Lusconibe Searelle. will be
given its premier at the Majestic Thea
ter this evening. Mrs. Wilcox and Lus
combc Searelle have been engaged upon
the drama for the past two years, and
it is all written in blank verse. The
scenes and situations as have been de
veloped at the rehearsals show unusual
strength, particularly the part of the
Vashti, to be presented by ;
Eleanor Gordon, who has given such i
undisputable evidence of her emotional
powers in previous productions at Mr. I
Bishop's handsome playhouse. The 1
music incidental to the play is on the f
oriental order, and is by Luscombe ;
Starelle, who has international fame as
a dramatist and composer. He is, by j
in* way, not a stranger to this city, j
having been a tactor in musical circles j
here a quarter of a century ago.
TEMPORARY LULL IN FIGHT
FOR DUNSMLTR MILLIONS,
Session Before Consul Bennett Ad
jo urn- Until Monday at Bequest
of ♦Defendant's Attorney.
There was a temporary lull in the J
battle for the Dunsmuir millions yes- I
terday. As soon as the session was j
called in Consul Bennett's office at i
10:30 o'clock A. P. Luxton, represent- j
h:g James Dunsmuir, asked that the
further hearing of the testimony be
continued until Monday morning in j
order to give him time to make ad
ditional preparation. The counsel for
plaintiff being willing, the case went
over. Judge Coyne was not present,
being confined to his room in the Pal
ace Hotel, suffering from a severe at
tack of l a grippe. He expects to be ;
able to take a hand in the proceed- j
ings on Monday.
On Tuesday morning the hearing to
let aside the judgment of the Superior j
Ccurt of May 9, 1900, by which Duns
amir's will was admitted to probate, j
will again come up before Judge Cof- I
fey.
Fores tic Offlcialf.
The following have been installed as
officers of Court Star of the Mission,
Ancient Order of Foresters: John H.
Wurthmann, chief ranger; Reuben
Cvrtis, sub-chief ranger; Joseph
Dcwnham, treasurer; John Wendt,
financial secretary; W. E. Miller, re
cording secretary; Frederick Hein
richs and John B. Wendt, woodwards,
and Theodore Johnson and George J.
Hansen, beadles.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CATARRH OF THE STOMACH.
A Pleasant, Simple, but Safe and Ef
fectual Cure for It.
Catarrh of the stomach has long
been considered the next thing to in-,
curable. The usual symptoms are a
full or bloating sensation after eating,
accompanied sometimes with sour or!
watery risings, a formation of gases,
causing pressure on the heart and
lungs and difficult breathing, head
aches, fickle appetite, nervousness and
a general played out, languid feeling. 1
There is often a foul taste in the
mouth, coated tongue and if the in
terior of the stomach could be seen it
would show a slimy, inflamed condition.
The cure for this common and ob
stinate trouble is found in a treatment
which causes the food to be readily,
thoroughly digested before it has time
to ferment and irritate the delicate
mucous surfaces of the stomach. To
fecure a prompt and healthy digestion
la the one necessary thing to do and I
when normal digestion is secured the 1
catarrhal condition will have disap- j
t>eared.
According to Dr. Harlanson the safest
and best treatment is to use after each
meal a tablet, composed of Diastase,
Aseptic. Pepsin, a little Nux, Golden!
Seal and fruit acids. These tablets can
now be found at all drug stores under
the name of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab- ■
lets and not being a patent medicine j
(an be used with perfect safety and 1
assurance that healthy appetite and;
thorough digestion will follow their|
regular use after meals.
Mr. R. S. V.'orkman, Chicago, Ills.,
writes: "Catarrh is a local condition
resulting from a neglected cold in the!
head, whereby the lining membrane of j
the nose becomes inflamed and the:
poisonous discharge therefrom passing
haekward into the throat reaches the
stomach, this producing catarrh of the
stomach. Medical authorities pre
scribed for me for three years for
catarrh of stomach without cure, but
to-day I am the happiest of men after
using only one box of Stuart's Dys
, pepsla Tablets. I can not find appro
priate words to express my good feel
ing. I have found flesh, appetite and
sound rest from their use."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets Is the
safest preparation as well as the l
simplest and most convenient remedy J
for any form of Indigestion, catarrh
of stomach, biliousness, sour stomach,
heartburn and bloating after meals. 1
JOE ROSENBERG'S. I JOE ROSEN BERG'S. I JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S.
|||*■-■-■~ , . , ■ | ■ .11
H f - ■ _ m mi-mi in in 11 ii lii i -i-r • mm m¥%\ wMMFMMTnw wmm Your Neckwear Is Seen From Afar
TW PRICE, CUTTER IS CROWNED
jmmWmAmmwMmwmm mmM aw mbm w hmm* collar and cuff sets—
(} As you will readi'.y see when you glance over the for owing. We have many others besides. f n la £ nc ° y *Vo\£nd*
'%WAW HERE IS SOME OF THE BEST NEWS IN THE PAPER TO-DAY.
LCW PrICBS M ' SS rhiS o PP ortl!nit y C ° rS3tS for LeSS PrjCB ]h2ft YOU Tliere IS 0,18 B3St &£,
fhi'Hron'c iviffht RnuinQ Ii" You Want, to Buy Corsets for PaY fOT GOTSet a**-. Here it is in a CHILD'S scalloped edge; ex
\ Wol ILL* 4 ini.aren S MglllOOWnS LESS THAN HALF PRICE * '' " fc3!l PATENT KNITTED tra heavy embroid
\*~t> #\V \ Sliehtlv soiled from v „ 0 „ art > ;„ nf ,„„ rtr :r „ ot , A An unfortunate occurrence. UNDERWAIST. double cry; double buttonholes to run rib-
V iHffiP» \\\ A berne on display Made " are in need of any, or if you f* the bursting of a water rows of washable bone bons or. tie through. You will be
\\ V\ nf Cinderella flannel- mshm. P ' pe ', dama >r ed s ° me five buttons to attach the un- surprised to find what a rich col-
V >\ i; I double ANTICIPATE YOUR WANTS. ffc* hundred pairs ot corsets. .Vf* Vderwear and garters to; lar this is for 10c
\ back and front; collar. p> The ROYAL WOR- 7f Some of the steels are J. \IA reinforced with extra jer-
A°WTI H\i\ yoke and cuffs feather & CESTER AND THE {f ™^ d . »™ c j\ Sey - kn !? I'" 155 t0 . St £ n *, h - LOW PnCOS Bettßf Thafl Alf UllientS
=« ll \\l \\ stitch trimmed; also >i BOX TON CORSET 7. , s g ott * d ' that can easily be V/ en it; light in weight; also *
Mk\ WIW 1 silk embroid- manufacturers closed out ™ bbed °, ff ' otherwise they are per- hea , th pro t e ctor; for girls or boys; Visit our notion counter *
# e?Jd in pink, blue and fRW tons some discontinued feet. Made of sateen j—, all sizei 25c and inspect these shields- fWI
* \^ TO }- W Si m small and styles, as they could not and summer netting. the Alba make; nainsook \pJU
til) I SKPAJ4 Ci medium Tizes: not one W get the materials to make circular cut; lace TuB BOS S HOlie TOO GOOd fOr YOU covered; .interlined wit V
Hl' worth teas than 6s \ T them up. We considered gg* l^? . .? p,nk : fl W ,U ° 7"««« "« • vegetable substance, which is wash-
\ \AM nl ; Jm. « hi»li'« » 1 r>nr?e!ves fortunate to hnv h,ue - whlte and And why not get one of the able and odorless. Medium sue,
5 n „r. l c Hiem at a r/'«a"*«nW tow , LADIES' JAPANESE QUILTED 10c; «tr. large l«o
-=? oTS: ,|«ST grg rm RiUns Mratil, Priced
Warmth Is Comfort Nowadays Lots of Pain in Store Yet for Us " W M Dn f «,a % k Ktfa^
And here's some comfort givers, HERE IS AN pnf „ | n «tp3H nf Tnfi Pnlhr CHILDREN'S KNITTED UN sn^s - such as red witn blue lininsr> cord f d; ,- ,n plaid colorings;
moderately priced. Sfe^V^'UMßßELLA—Water- rlUjf 16I1TS inSIBfIU Of I lie UUllll CHILOKEN S KNITTED UN- nayy b , ue w - th pink lininK nile combinations of this season's shades.
4. LADIES' DRESSING % pr °° f * THE K>. !'!< K.sS-Made of mer- U ?ty ,re mad? expressly' for us green with pink and red with old At the Price Cutter's... A yard 23c
SATOUF — Marie of the %IbW '■ opening kind, by cenzed sateen, double side steels. v «!j gold lining and other colorings. In ... ... ... lifk . .
touching a spring it also straight-front steels, circular olty Celestial garters they ask $s oo for W3M fltt thB H 600l! Old
kado sleeves, circular cut ° P l nS b J T tU '\ Sted cut a " d hand-gored low and mcd- women we have garments none better - ° ur pnce * 3 * 9s Wifltpr TilTlfl"
front; sleeves and collar rod and twenty-one „ im bust, lace and ribbon trimmed; ' 1 i _^JJ* n v Tour specialty U,«H ' " IW
and down the front trim- , steel ribs. which m gray, white and Wack; all sizes rme /w i Iv e a Hand M™ f A CHILDREN'S HOSE
med with large silk medal- »»kes « Ie >nside jo begin w, h (we do not know how a , sortme nt for you to choose With German beveled glass. I[T9 Made EfyPfian thread;
hW In pink, blue and .earn. J- ■
LADIES' MORNING ROBE- gef £,2 Royal Pnce ,>Oc TWentjf-FIVB CeiltS IfiStSad Of Flftjf n^n^^
75c One Dollar Instead of Three ■ D oi E T —"^-^^^
and down the front trimmed with nyji, ,l r.11,.. Wnthfl' Rmthor This mi S ht seem exaggeration; low neck and no sleeves; 0 regular price 7S cents; at Al] J£ oa w f 3 ar '"* sloCK,n g nere UJ^
solid color flannelette; richly em- fllll 1116 rainSf, rfiOinßi, DlUinßl nevertheless it is the positive truth. ffs\ deep lace yoke; neck and the price cutter's 25c t aniFS' ijf'a 'V c
' . an^'stf df H U R ® « For These Cold Winter Mornings S^£ : e SS3
and gray stripe, Pnce *2.00 a n J to . order co t ; low and and olor is the reason we are sell- Made of Australia n wool, steam be ..... g . ' 25c
Real r StriCh Feather BOaS w£* £F*£^seSTL^SlS s nie t di r :, prm T 8 C " la , r n'ih'Vnf fihr » nk and medicated, stainless LADIES' HOSE-Made of soft
vJ>UII '" DUd5 GLOVES for cnt ; hand e f ra u tab attached LADIES \ ESI -Celebrated Me- 51ack> swi , s ribbed> perfect shape , finished cashmere, the good, warm
At exceptionally low prices. vrnrwA t0 r ° nt ;<I u hose - su ™ OT }- . r ° de mak , e: [ or fi and , ? nish f econd ankle length, drawstring tops, non- kind, but light in weight; double toes,
We are overstocked in these; if rTOVF Madl nf «- -ft, _ ers; trimmed with a three-inch wide to none; high neck and long sleeves; j itant and velvet finish . To one heels and soles; rich black: sanitary
low prices will reduce our stock, fkirT i Fr f ench .. lace ' fe he . d th . larKe $*? n m * i° f A lk A xlbo appreciates good garments we dye; just the kind for chilblains or
these surely will go; forty-six, fifty- sa *! n nbbon bow; in black and men; jersey knit; neck and down wmj]d to recornmcnd these... tender feet; could not get better for
four and seventy inches long- finely stlt^ h i"g- three rows of . white; to begin with, all sizes—you the front finished with crocheted $1.00 double the price- for SOc
srrav embro,der y on the back; two large know how qi ,ickly they will go.at edge. Tights to match, made of * QOUDIe tDC pnCC ' tOrOWO
S nZi patent clasps; in gray, brown, black this low price, so be the early bird. same material; jersey fitting tops; Rnnnnt Pine AT Hand RaffS
white, natural and white; we can cheerfully recom- Price... $1.00 ankle length. Price BOnnet NnS MOpping Or naklQ D3gS
|io.oo quality oo mend them and warrant them for ( A garment $1.00 Extra tempered steel, needle Handy to carry
lll'^nuthZßit OO the fit and wearing qualities; if you . Qll3 Qo|jar and a Half Instead LADIES' VEST—Made of pure pointed; black, white and jet.heads; and easy to buy at f A
|17.50 quality «1 ** m w,sh to save 50c on your gloves Wl 0 MU,,a ' v " v v nH " , "**°«»' Voßa ?i , k; hjgh neck and Jon the kind that will not break or. pull these low prices. -J jFmAm
2>20.00 quality...... ? IJ ' W here is your chance to buy them 01 f* QU T sleeves; al«o short sleeves- swiss out; 9 inches long; they are the best. Made of goatskin in i'lfttMijrlMuMlA
One of the finest corsets the Bon ribbed Tights to match, ankle 6 for 5c aHigatoi- and seal {§£|H|
?o come ear v We could no buy / V Ton people make; made of fancy k,d fitt, "g P«nk. g N f ffect « e5^ tra , 9tr f on «
to come early, we could not buy raapiiup- brocaded satin low and medium bl " p - cream and black. Price f ...... m\ 1 frame and P atent clasps; card case
tsgzr*£™ (POSENBEhG IHFROSENBERG a£"€ s^4S
We d<s Wa AliVPrtiSP IJU W, ments; straight front, with abdom- Monday if you want any ll II C Inme h«T J*, (\Vr ,w
cBll 38 m HU»embß VVib THE PRICE CUTTIR inal reducing hose supporters; lace ni.'lJ..-!l n v- »• o-x If wfc THE PRICE CUTTER 75c, some as high as $1. Our clear-
No misrepresentations here. fi fi „ . lin'Fsrnill« trinffned. with large satin ribbon Children S COmDmatnn SUItS o.RUarksfC. II n'r.rrol! « Pn " "
We do not claim to sell a 0,0 " !a '" e ' * II ? g riHlil Oli bow: circular cut. hand-gored; Here is one. the Mentor make- to II U ranBII 01. . ThnilCflnrf HanrtVornhiafe
n| ten-dollar waist for hve; MAIL orders solicited. bones overlapped with silk stitching, tho«e who have used them for the maix orders soeicited « inOUodnU ndnul\BrCniclS
here's a Ladies' Waist you V 9 which prevents them from cutting bttle ones no recommendation is * ■ ' s\ >< A sample line we
cannot buy { ? T d( ?V bl , e the r Ur«h A r« through; in pink and white brocade. needed; those who have not worn n . . xv expected for the hol-
pnce we ask. Made, of milfierS blue and white, blue and black, lav- t h e m we would like to get ac- rOSIBQ WOfflen t idavs delayed in
(TT] extra heavy Japanese wash There is no excuse for the babies ender and bk'ck and ptnk and black. q U ainted with them: we know you A Buy their eiderdown robes lransit compels us
silk, with five rows of Va- having colics or colds—here is a If >' ou are - d, ¥t t ?*>« l wrth these will think as all mothers do. Made Jl here There must be some to sell them at quick
lencienne lace insertion, also Tene- preventive: offerings we■promise to refund your 0 f the finest picked cotton, hieh reason why Here's clear a nee prices,
nffe medallions; lace trimmed col- RUBENS INFANT ? r * ar ?;^ IJ sizes to start with (we nec k and long sleeves, ankle length. ■$ all-wool Swiss eider- < You know what that means.) They
lar; new sleeve trimmed with lace J&fc t- VESTS—Made of knit- doubt if the assortment-Will last all drop seat: velvet feeling to the most J<, down n the ripple effect- are made of finest lawn, hemstitched
and insertion; nothing newer or ted fabric fastens day).. The Price Cutter advises voir sensitive skin. All sizes 50c 4h rolling colhr wide sleeves ! and embroidered scalloped borders;
more up-to-date than these are. W./m r l n( i vu n A« ;J■ v to come early. Pr cc W L ro ing conar, wiat siteves, in the latest swiss oatterns
p_:__ «2 45 VAs around the body in a Qirtrrt no Thof Ara CJfl IV co ar and sleeves finished in tne laicsi swiss patierns.
Pr,ce 43 patent way; double Way fnp . ho , rnnc BargamS 11131 PTC B3r?aMS with pearl trimming; belted Regular 15c quality 0c
A RftY nf Pin? fnr Pnp Pont * Rnt BR breasted, and finished "d* «»l »"B HAT DRAPE OR FACE PRO- at waist with cord and tassel; mili- Regular 20c quality 12c
n QUA Ul illlo lUI «. 110 wClll v UUA seams; high neck and Extra fine purified wax for TECTOR—Made of all-silk chiffon. tary buttons down the front, in gray. Regular 25c quality 17c
Steel pins, needle pointed: small long sleeves; within the reach of smoothing the irons; patent wood 48 inches long, hemstitched ends; pink and blue; for quality we will Regular 35c quality 23c
jet heads. For Monday's selling, a all. Large sizes, 35c; small and handles to prevent you from burn- in blue, brown, black, also white;* challenge you to buy them else- On-sale on our bargain counters,
box lc medium 25c ing your hands. Price 3 for 5c instead of 35c, marked to close..»C where at this price S3.SO Market-street entrance.
BANKER MORSE
REMAINS AWAY
Not a Passenger on the
Liner Lucania on Her
Arrival at New York
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.—Charles W.
Morse, the banker, did not arrive from
Europe on the steamship Ducania to
day. He had engaged a stateroom on
the vessel and it was expected he had
gone aboard at Queenstown, but he
failed to appear.
Assistant District Attorney Garvan :
to-day said he placed no credence in ,
the report that Mrs. William Gelch- '
enen was in New York and that she ,
would appear before the Grand Jury J
on Monday. Garvan said: ,
"I accept the word of her lawyer and i
her son that she sailed last Tuesday.
We are satisfied that Mrs. Gelchenen
was not a passenger on the .Deutsch
land to-day. Miss Gelchenen, her
daughter, Miss Edith English and Miss
Dunne, aunt of Miss Gelchenen, were
passengers on the Hamburg liner. That
telegrams, letters and baskets of flow
ers were sent to the Deutschland for
Miss Gelchenen is easily explained by
the fact that many of her friends, hear
ing that she was to sail to-day, sent
these tokens of friendship."
Garvan denied a report that subpenas
have been issued for Attorneys James
M. Back and Samuel Untermeyer for
their appearance before the Grand
Jury and later District Attorney Je
rome said that no subpena had been
issued for Charles W. Morse. -
INDICTED FOR MURDER
COMMITTED SIX YEARS AGO
Dcs Moines Man to Stand Trial for
the Deatli of Mabel
Schofield. i
DES MOINES. Jan. 7.—The most ]
remarkable crime mystery in the his- ;
tory of lowa is again to appear in the j
courts. For almost six years there ,
has been unceasing efforts to find the
murderer of Mabel Schofield, who was
19 years old when she was slain. There
has hardly been a Grand Jury session
in Polk County in five years in which
this case has not been presented, and ,
yet there has never been an indict- |
ment until now.
Charles Thomas, who from the first
has been suspected, Is now charged I
with the murder. **
Mabel Schofield, who was the
dauehter of a physician living at j
Macksburg, lowa, was visiting at the j
home of H. W. Thomas in this city. J
One morning she disappeared and two i
days later her body was taken from i
the Dcs Moines River.
COUNCIL BLUFFS, lowa. Jan. 7.—Tne Bar
ing* Bank of Tremor, near here, was dyna
mited last night and the building badly
wrecked. It Is not known how much was
secured by th* burglars. 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905. r
MRS. AUGUSTA BISHOP
NOT ASSASSIN'S VICTIM
California Woman Learns With Sur
prise of the Anxiety of Her
Friends.
DENVER, Jan. 7.—Mrs. Augusta I.
Bishop was not the victim of the
mysterious murder on Mount Cutler,
near Colorado Springs. She arrived
in Denver last night and was seen to
day. She was surprised when she
learned that her friends feared she
had been killed and said regarding
her movements:
"I was in Colorado Springs most of
the time while away. Why I did not
write to my Denver friends I hardly
know. I was going to write to Mrs.
Jones, but kept delaying it. I have
some things stored at her house. The
letter which she wrote to me at Col
orado Springs was forwarded to me
here and I received it this afternoon.
I was in Cheyenne Canyon last sum
mer, but have not been there since,
so it must have been some other Mrs.
Bishop who had photographs taken
there last November. I did not have
any pictures taken there."
Mrs. Bishop answers the description
of the dead woman closely.
VETERAN BOER GENERAL
ATTACKS AN ENGLISHMAN
Viljoen Arraigned in St. Louis on a
Charge of Assault and
Battery.
CHICAGO, Jan. 7.—General B. J.
Viljoen, the Boer war veteran, ap
peared in Justice Richardson's court
to-day on a charge of assault and bat
tery preferred by "James J. McMillan.
A number of Boers appeared for Vil
joen, while as many English soldiers
appeared in behalf of McMillan. It
was alleged that Viljoen struck Mc-
Millan in a quarrel in the Coliseum.
Justice Richardson reserved his de
cision until January 1 2.
Editor of Manila Paper Dead.
KNOXVILLE, Term., Jan. 7.—Cap
tain W. Rule, editor of the Knoxville
Journal and Tribune, to-day received
a cablegram announcing the death of
his son, James F. Rule, editor of th«
Manila American and the Manils
Town Topics. The remains will be
brought here for interment.
GBJiPK-NTJTS.
BRAIN
POLISHER
Grape* Nuts
and Cream
"THERE'S A REASON."
INDICTMENTS
ARE DISMISSED
Mayor and Chief of Police
of Portland Are Fully
Exonerated of Any Offense
PORTLAND, Jan. ".—Upon motion of
District Attorney John Manning the
indictments which were returned by
the county Grand Jury against Mayor
George H. Williams and Chief of Police
Charles H. Hunt of this city were to
day dismissed by State Cireult Judge
A. L. Fraser. Manning also asked that
the record show that Mayor William 3
be ful'y exonerated of any offense
charged In the indictment.
The Grand Jury had hardly finished
making its final report and had been
dismissed when Manning said:
"I have an Indictment against our
Mayor, the Hon. George H. Williams,
charging him with having violated the
malfeasance statute in this, that he
neglected to instruct the Chief of Police
of this city to close a certain gambling
house on a certain day. I fully realize
that no man is above the law, and if
Mayor Williams was, upon evidence
sufficient in a court of law to justify
a trial, presumably guilty of any Jl
legal act, I would be the first to prose
cute him. But after having careful
ly investigated the evidence upon which
this indictment was predicated I find
nothing against Mayor Williams that
would "warrant me as District Attorney
in putting the county to the expense
ot trying thia,case. lam satisfied that
any Jury would and ought to acquit
the Mayor; and furthermore I believe
that a majority of the Grand Jury who
had Mayor Williams indicted did it
without giving proper attention to the
evidence which was submitted to them.
Under the circumstances I recommend
that the indictment against the Hon.
George H. Williams, Mayor of our city,
be .dismissed and that he be fully ex
onerated of any offense charged in the
indictment."
MAY BE THE SKELETONS
OF DE SOTO'S FOLLOWERS
Bones of Twenty-Nine Human Beings
Uncovered in a Louisiana
Town.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 7.—While
building a walk at Independence, La.,
J. B. Caston discovered twenty-nine
human skeletons, supposed to be the
bones of men of De Soto's expedition
killed by Indians. In one hole nine
teen skeletons were found and near
by ten others were discovered. All
were instact, except that the skulls
had been severed. The position in
which the skeletons were discovered
Indicated that the men had been mas
sacred and buried in a heap.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7.— Tha President has
appointed John E. McCall to be Federal Judge
tor the western district of Tennessee at Mem
phis, to succeed the late Judge Hammond.
NAVY CHAPLAIN DISMISSED
BY ORDER OF PRESIDENT
Divine Is Adjudged Guilty of Scandal
ous Conduct in the Orient by
Court-Martial. ,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7. —Chaplain
Joseph F. McGrail has been dismissed
from the navy by order of the Presi
dent. He was tried by court-martial
or, the Asiatic station on the charge
of scandalous conduct. A Roman
Catholic priest will be appointed in his
place.
Wrecked Crew Reaches Port.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.—Twenty-two
seamen, composing the crew of the
Dutch steamship Andania, which was
wrecked on Elbow Key on December
29 while bound from Galveston, Tex.,
to Hamburg, were brought to this port
to-day by the Ward line steamship
EspeTanza, from Mexican ports and
Havana. The crew abandoned the
steamship, took to the boats and was
picked up by the steamship San Juan
and landed at Matanzas.
! ADVERTISEMENTS. . 4 L
We Offer $ 1,000
For a Disease Germ That Llquozone Can't KJI*
On every bottle of Linuozone we of- tables, and Liquozone—like an excess bt * ff£.ch*^bj|i
fer $1000 for a disease germ that it of oxygen-is deadly to vegetal mat-
Cannot kill. We do this tO assure YOU ter. , Fevers—Gall Stones Tumors— Ulcerg
that Liquozone does kill germs. Liquozone goes into the stomach, ooitre-oout varicocele
And it is the only wav known to into th- bowels and into the blood. Gonorrhea-Gieet Women", dimm
And it is tne oniy way "" wherever the hlnod iroes No All diseasee that begin with ferer—all m
kill germs in the body without killing to go wherever tne Diooa goes, no naninjatioD _ aU contagions oto
the tissues too Any drug that kills germ can escape it and none can re- e » ws »_ a ii the remits ot impure «# poisons*
germs is a poison, and it cannot be sist it The results are inevitable, for act> m *
taken internally. Medicine is almost a germ disease must end when the uliier accomplishing what no arose cm do.
in any germ disease. It is germs are killed. Then Liquozone, «nr»
this P fact which g*ives Liquozone- its acting as a wonderful tonic quickly 50C Bottle FI*CC
worth to humanity; a worth so great restores a condition of perfect health. jf you nee< i Liquozone, and have
that after testing the product for Diseases which have resisted mcdi- never tried it—please send us this
two' years, through physicians and cine for years yield at once to Liquo- coupo n. We «11 then mail you an or
hosoitals we paid $100,000 for the zone, and it cures diseases which mcd- der on a j ocal druggist for a full-
American rights. And we have spent icine never cures. Half the people siy bottle, and we will pay the drug
over one million dollars, in one year, you meet—wherever you are—can gist ourselves for it. This is our free
to buy the first bottle and give it free tell you of cures that were made by it. gift, ma de to convince you; to show
to each sick one who would tnt it. f.er»m Diseases y° u wnat Liquozone is, and what it
■-a can do. In justice to yourself, please
ACtS Like OXygCn. These are the known germ diseases, accept it to-day, for it places you un-
Liquozone is not made by com- All that medicine can do for these der no obligation whatever.
pounding drugs, nor is there any al- troubles is to help Nature overcome Liquozone costs 50c and
cohol in it. Its virtues are derived the germs, and such results are mdi- j CUT OUT THIS COUPON
solely from gas —largely oxygen gas rect and uncertain. Liquozone attacks for thta offer may not appear agam. Fin
—by a process requiring immense ap- the germs wherever they are. And out the blanks and JL Ai Ll^^* U %IT
paratus and 14 days' time. This when the germs which cause a disease Co™*"'- 458 464 w * bMh ehl "
orocess has for more than 20 years are destroyed, the disease must end, My disease is
been the constant subject of scientific and forever. That is inevitable. ■ J x [* &
and chemical research. Asthma Hay Fe lf,^-tnfl u «w» take it.
The result is a liquid that does what n c c e h tJ. AnMmU S^ppe 1 """" - ~ -
oxygen does. It is a nerve food and Blood Poison Leucorrhea
blood fnOd-the most helpful thing in : "
the world tO you. ItS etteCtS are ex- Cou*h» —Colds Many Heart Troubles v
hilajating, vitalizing, purifying. Yet Consumption Plies— • sl4 Give foil sddr-s-t-wrtte plataty.
miat'VK'et _v • • - j Colic —Croup Pleurisy—Quinsy l " '
it IS an absolutely Certain germicide, constipation Rheumatism Any physician or hospital not yet using
The reason is that germs are vege- Catarrh—Canoer Scrofula—Syphilis Uquoson* will be gladly supplied tarn s> teas.
' ht. §
QUEER DISPATCH AROUSES
FEAR FOR VESSEL'S SAFETY
Cable From Captain of Steamship
Veronique, a Treasure Seeker,
Causes Great ...nxiety.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.—Considerable
anxiety is felt over a dispatch received
in London from Captain Morrison of
the steamship Veronique, bearing Ea-4
Fitzwilliam's expedition to the Sout
hern Pacific. The report in circulation
Is that the dispatch reads: w
' Accident; I am safe," but bears no
date. How this could be possible m
a cable dispatch Is not explained, but
the report caused a rise in the rate
of insurance on the Veronique.
Several distinguished persons are In
the Earl's party, whose ultimate des
tination is understood to be one-of the
islands in the Pacific, where a vast
amount of treasure was said to have
been hidden many years ago.
The Veronique arrived safely at
Montevideo November 30. but has not
been reported since that time.
ROME, Jan. 7.—Klne Victor Emmanuel
gave a shooting party to-day at Castle Por
ziano in honor of William Marconi.
TAKES STEPS TO SETTLE
ROW BETWEEN PRELATES
Vatican Decides to Send an Apostolic
Visitor to the Diocese of
Havana.
ROME, Jan. 7.—The Vatican has
decided to send an apostolic visitor to
the diocese of Havana in connection
with the troubles between Monselgneur
Chappelle, Archibishop of New Or
leans and former papal delegate to
Cuba, and Monselgneur Brodrick, for
mer auxiliary Bishop of Havana.
Monseigneur Serafini, apostolic visitor
in Mexico, has resigned for reasons of
health. His resignation has been ac
cepted.
Commercial Calendars —Closing out cheap.
Gabriel Printing Co.. 419 Sacramento st.,S.F.*
Montana Pioneer Passes Away.
HELENA, Mont, Jan. 7.—Andrew
O'Connell, a well known Indiana, Mis
souri, Kansas and Montana pioneer,
died here to-day, aged 73 years. In
ante-bellum days in Missouri and
Kansas he was the personal friend of
Thomas Ewing and General W. T.
Sherman. He was quite wealthy.
8636
ADVERTISEMENTS. j
WHAT MIRACLE I
OF HEALING
IS THIS?
The Human Heart Made to Beat
Again in Woman's Body Res
cued From the Grave
THE BLIND MADE TO SEE AND
THE LAME TO WALK
And Hopeless Invalids Healed of
Diseasas Pronounced Incur
able by Physicians
PROFESSOR'S PHENOMENAL
POWER
Upsets Modern Medical Practice
oy Curing Without Useless
Drugs and Medicines
Gives Services Without Charge to the
Sick and Afflicted, Believing It j
His Duty to God and Man
to Help Suffering
Humanity.
ROCHESTER. N. V., Jan. 2. — (Special;
Correspondence.)— Discarding the use
loss drugs and medicines dispensed by
doctors and yet healing hopeless invalids
of diseases pronounced incurable by phy
sicians and specialists, succeeding in re
storing life and health when.doctor after
doctor tailed, Professor Thomas F. Ad
kin of this city has proven the value of
a wonderful discovery that threatens to
upset modern medical practice. In the
face of opposition, criticism, even ridi
cule, he has persisted in his belief that
hope should not be lost until actual and
unmistakable dissolution of the body oc
curs. He claims, and offers evidence be
yond doubt, that he has made the human
heart beat again in the body of a woman
given up to death. He cites names and
instances, where, by means of his discov
ery, he has made the blind see and the
lame walk: where he has permanently
I *ured paralysis, consumption, syphilis,
rheumatism. Blight's disease and other
' diseases heretofore supposed to be in
surable. More than that, he states that
he can cure the sick in their own homes
hundreds of miles away without stirring
from his office. In one instance, that of 1
a Mrs. L. A. Phillips of Texas, tne wit-.
■ lessee say that he raised her from the
'l"ad. Whether that is literally true or
not, there is little doubt but that the wo
man would be in her grave to-day were I
II not for this man's strange power dYer
human life and his marvelous control !
over disease and death. Mrs. Phillips
had been a hopeless invalid for many !
years, and for the last live had been bed- !
fast, could lie on one side only and was
covered with bedsores. She was suffer- !
ing from a severe complication of dis
' t ases. including stomach, kidney and fe- I
male troubles, and had been under treat- |
ment of twelve different hospitals and
various doctors, all of whom failed to
help her and pronounced her case incura
ble. Her agonies were so great that they
threw her into convulsive spasms, while
her body was wasted to skin and bones.
All the medicines given her were with- 1
out effect, and she was rapidly nearing I
her grave when she heard of Prof. Ad
kin. Broken in body, pain-weary and |
without faith, but hoping against hope In
. this last desperate clfance. she wrote to
him. He replied at once, saying that he
would take her case, assuring her that
he could and would save her life and re
store her to health. And notwithstand
ing what the doctors had said, he did
cure her completely, so that to-day she Is I
up and about, a well woman, joyous, '
thankful and enthusiastic. Another case j
. almost equally remarkable was that of j
Mr. R. A. Wallen of Finey. Mo., who for
four years was paralyzed and was stead- !
ily growing more helpless- in spite of all i
the doctors who attended him. His cure !
was so quick and marvelous that. In a :
letter, he says: "It was like bringing
tho dead to life." Prof. Adkin cured !
Mrs. M. W. Nolen of Covington, Ga.. of 1
a malignant cancer without the knife or
probe; he stopped the Great White :
Plague, consumption, in the case of Miss
H. L. Kelley of Seal Cove, Me., and hun
dreds of other suffering men and women
have likewise been rescued by this won- ;
oerful man. who seems to control some
mysterious force not known to ordinary j
mortals.
When called upon for an interview, '
Prof. Adkin said:
"Yes. I remember the cases you men-!
Hon, but do not quite understand why l
they should cause any especial astonish- !
ment, since they are 110 more wonderful !
than scores of other cures I have made
since I announced my discovery to the i
world. I firmly believe that there is no
dteease /I may not cure, and whatever
other men may do or fail to do, I meanj
to keep on healing the sick and afflicted
• of any disease they may have just as.
long as I am able. T make no exceptions,
rich or poor. East or West, wherever
they live, it is all the same to me. Ml
who are sick from any cause may be
cured in their own homes simply by
writing and telling me the name of their
trouble or their principal symptoms* age
and sex. and I will give them of my ser
vices absolutely without charge. I feel
that It is my duty to God and man to
give freely, to help all who are afflicted
and not to use my discovery merely to
make money." t
"Do you really mean that any one who
is sick can write to you to be cured,
without paying you any money?"
"Exactly. I mean just that. I know
*it may seem an unusual thing to do, but
if I choose to help the earth's physical
unfortunates without pay. there's noth
ing to prevent my doing so, is there? I
have my own reason for my course in
this matter and I do not want any one
to feel that by taking advantage of my
offer they are accepting charity. I will
have my reward in provfeig to the world
the great value of my discovery, and the
uselessness of wasting moneson doctors
and medicines when it is notnecessary."
"What is this discovery?"
'T can show you better than I can ex
plain. Have some one who is sick write
to me and watch the results. If you do 1
so I would prefer that you select a
"hronlc case, some one whom physicians
have said cannot be cured. Any doctor
may cure a simple case with a few doses
of medicines, but « want those where
both doctors and medicines have failed.
Tell any one who wants to be cured to
write to me, addressing Professor,
Thomas F. Adkin, Office 546 D, Roches
• ter. N. Y."
"But how can you cure those at a dis
tance; those whom you never see?"
"Just as easily and Just as surely as
though I went to them or they came to
me. Distance makes no difference.
Whether they live one or a thousand
miles away is all the same. A letter is
all that Is necessary to enlist my aid.
What other men may or may not be able
to do. how they fail or what they charge
makes no difference to me. My power Is
supreme."
Investigation proves that Professor
Adkin's claims are more than borne out
by the facts, and that hm fulfills his
promise of free service tdVne very letter.
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
315 Montgromery Street.
Capital paid op $ 600:000
Dividends paid to depositors. 1,656,226
CHAS. CARPT. President.
ARTHUR LEGALLET. Vice President.
LEON BOCQUERAZ, Secretary.
JOHN GINTY, Asst. Secretary.
DIRECTORS:
Dr E Artlsuez. Chas. Carpy, Leon Kauffrnan,
O Bocio, J- B. Clot, A. Roos,
Leon Bocquerax. J. M. Dupas. A. Legalist,
J. A. Bergerot. J. 8. Gedeau. J. J. Mack.
* Interest paid on deposits. Loans made on
Real Estate and approved securities.
thFweekly call
per Year.
NEW YEAR FINDS FAVORABLE
CONDITIONS FOR REALTY.
General Prosperity Holding
Out Hope for Many Deals.
No Large Transactions Mark the Week
The first week of the year in the local j
realty market passed quietly, unmarked i
by any deal of the first class. Several j
sales of respectable size took place. The
brokers regard the outlook as excellent.
As general prosperity continues and the
conditions are not unlike those That In
1904 brought to San Francisco a record
breaking number of realty deals there
seems to be no reason to doubt favor
able predictions regarding the volume
of business to be justly anticipated dur
ing the new year of 1905. As will be
seen, several leases for long terms are
reported, aggregating large amounts of
money. These indicate strong confi
dence In the business future.
Landgrebe, MacNevin & Jones report
the following sales for the week: South
east corner of Ellis and Larkin streets,
with frame building of three stories and
a concrete finished basement and reni
ed in stores and flats, for Mrs. Agnes J.
Connolly to a client, for $55v000; four
flats on trie north line of Ringold street,
Nos. 8 and 8%, to H. L. Kaiser, for
$5000.
Through the agency of Landgrebe, •
MacNevin & Jones. A* Harshall has j
leased the store at 214 Kearny street for 1
Aye years for $20,000; store at 1 and 3
Howard street, for six years, to F. Of- I
ferman, for $14,000; southeast corner of I
Dupont and Jackson streets, to Seyden !
& Gerdes, for five years, $10,500; lot on
the south line of Brannan street, east ;
of Fifth, 40x120 feet, to the Dean Re- ;
versible Window Company, for five
years; lot adjoining, 61x120 feet, to the
Vehyle Lumber Company, for six years;
premises at 613-615 King street, to the
Eagle Milling Company, for fiveVyears.
Hawks & Skelton have sold fob Wil
liam Grant to a client the southwest
corner of Larkin and Francisco streets,
137:6x137:6 feet, for $27,500; a fifty-vara
on the north line of Chestnut stree*#
137:6 feet west of Larkin, for $6000; also
the fifty-vara on the northwest corner
of Larkin and Francisco streets, for
$7500.
TYPICAL TRANSFERS.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. have sold 45:10
x6B feet on the south line of O'Farrell
street, 22:11 feet east of Leavenworth,
with improvements, for the Baruch
brothers to a client for $23,000; 25x
100 feet and improvements at 429 Oak
street for Frederika Bauer, $6700;
25x137:6 and improvements on the
north line of Fulton street, 200 feet
east of Scott, for Joseph Wanne
macher, $5850; 25x90 and improve
ments on the west line of Buchanan
street, 125 feet south of O'Farrell,
$5600: southeast corner of Guerrero
and Fifteenth streets, 30x75 feet, for
Annie F. and Mary E. Geary, $4000;
64x80 and improvements at 46 and 48
Norfolk street for John T. Kane,
$3075; 26x100 on the south line of
Fifteenth street, between Church and
Sanchez, for J. N. Campbell, $2500;
25x125 on the east line of Fair Oaks
street, 210 feet north of Twenty-fifth,
for J. D. $lendenhall, $750; 32:6x100
feet on the northwest corner of Lake
street and Twenty-first avenue, $1650.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have
sold to Pietro C. Rossi the old Center
place on the southeast corner of Val
lejo and Fillmore streets, 87:6x137:6,
with fine residence and marine view,
$22,500; 25:4x70 on the east line of
Woodward avenue, 198 feet north of
Fourteenth street, for A. Rathje to
Tillie Wilson, $5250; 27x137:6 on the
west line of Twenty-seventh avenue,
25 feet south of Lake street, for the
Brickell estate, $1300; 25x110 on the
north line of Vallejo street, 62:6 feet
east of Scott, for Clara Friedman to
Robert M. Miller. $5000: 25x95:2% on
the south line of Fifteenth street, 25
feet west of Capp. $4 500.
Speck & Co. have sold for Mrs.
Bertha Lewiston and others to F. K.
Houston and Louis Friedlander 40x60
feet and improvements on the north
line of 'Post street. 60 feet east of Tay
lor. $40,000; 25x126:1% on the east
line of Sixth avenue, 184 feet from
Lake «*>reet, for Marie Heine to May
F. t J. •ewey, $1750; 40x120 feet on
the easT line of Twenty-fourth avenue,
240 feet north of D street, for Annie
A. Kelly to I. A. Borden; two lots.
150 and 175 feet west bf Sanchez
street, on the north line of Twenty
second, $800 each.
A BUNCH OF SALES.
Sales are reported by Lyon & Hoag as
follows: For M. Schimetscheck to Jean
ette Ferry, 50x137:6 feet and improve
ments on the north line of Haight
street, 125 feet west of Ashbury, $16,500;
for George W. Kline to W. A. Freeman,
28:9x100 feet on the south line of Haight
street, east of Clayton: for Mary Cat
lett to Mary C. Ryan, lot on the south
line of Haight street, west of Clayton;
for T. J. Savage and William Fahey.
southwest corner of Belvedere and
Haight streets, to Thomas Hancock;
27:7x90:6 feet on the east line of Devis
adero street, 163 feet north of Four
teenth, for the Realty Improvement
Company to Charles A. Roberts, $2500;
30x80 feet on the east line of Devisadero
street, south of Duboce avenue, for the.
Realty Improvement Company to C. H.
Gordon. $2700 ; 25x85 feet on the south
line of Hermann street, 52:6 feet east of
Stevenson, for John Hinkel to M. Fish
er; 25x137:6 feet on the north line of
Waller street, 120 feet east of Clayton,
$2750 ; 25x100 feet and improvements on
the north line of Twenty-fourth street,
110 feet east of Mission, for John W.
Harvey to E. C. Oviedo, $6500 ; 25x100
feet on the east line of Florida street,
north of Twenty-second: southwest cor
ner of Third avenue and B street, 25x95
feet; southeast corner of Sixteenth
and Prosper streets. 30x100 feet, Wil
liam Hill to Annie Myer. $4500; 25x115
feet and improvements on the south
AJPVERTISEIMEyTS.
INSOMNIA
'''.Bare been using Cascarete for Insomnia, with
which I have been afflicted for orer twenty years,
and I can say that t'asourets hare given me moro
relief than any other remedy i have ever tried. I
shall certainly recommend thorn to my friends M
being all they are represented."
Tbos. GUlard, Elgin, 111.
mf —The Bowels
CAN3Y CATHARTIC
Pleasant. Palatable. Potent. Taste Good, Do Good,
Never Sicken, Weaken or Grip*, 10c. 2Se, SOe. Never
•01.l in bulk. The genuine tablet stamped CCC.
Guaranteed to cure or your nuoney back.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 597
1 ANNUAL SALE, TEH MILLION BOXES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905.
line of Beaver street, east of Castro, for
C. S. Johnson to H. C. Hahn; 26x112:6
feet on the east line of Clayton street,
37:6 feet south of Page, for Emma J.
Matthews to A. E. Lambert. $7000;
northwest corner of Thirty-sixth ave
nue and D street, 32:6x100 feet, Thomas
G. Clink to James Cairns. $2200 ; 25x
120 feet on the east line or Fourth ave
nue, 225 feet north of C street, $1325;
25x100 feet on the south line of Fif
teenth street, 125 feet east of Church,
for Charles J. Sullivan to A. Furrier,
$2200.
HAYWARD PROPERTIES.
The sale of the Alvinza Hayward
property, on the south line of Clay
street, 137:6 feet east of Kearny, to
Frank H. Johnson, for $52,500, has been
conflrrnediby the Probate Court of San
Mateo County.
»G. H. Umbsen & Co. will hold the
first auction of the year on Tuesday.
The California Fruit Canners' Asso
ciation has leased from Isaac H. Morse
the southwest corner of Battery and
Green streets for thirteen years at
$380 50 a month.
The William Cranston Company has
sold 25x90 feet and six-room house on
the east line of Portola street, south
of Waller, for George Moore to P. C.
Huntington; 25x91:7 on the north line
of Sixteenth street, 221:9 feet east of
Ashbury, for John J. Pratt to John
Banfield, the owner of the adjoining
property; 25x137:6 and eight-room
house on the north line of Fulton
street, west of Lyon, for Mrs. Hannah
McClure to Emil Holling of Dixon;
25x100 feet and two flats and cottage
on the southeast line of Sherman
street, northeast of Tenth, for John
Broderlck to a client.
Sol Getz & Son have sold the north
east corner of Forty-eighth avenue
and S street. 60x137:6, to L. A. Jack
son; southeast corner of Q street and
Forty-ninth avenue, 37:6x85, to S. B.
Kobicke; 50x85 on the east side of
Forty-ninth avenue, 62:6 south of Q
street, to E. K. Stabler; 50x120, with
improvements, on the west side of
Forty-fourth avenue, 225 feet north of
L street, to a client; 25x120 feet on
the west line of Forty-seventh avenue,
275 south of H street, to Robert N.
Dayton; west side of Forty-fourth
avenue, 200 feet south of J street, to
Mary Elliott; east line of Forty-sixth
avenue, 250 feet north of M street, to
Adolph Abramson; Forty-eighth ave
nue, 137:6 north of M street, with im
provements, to A. Wood; north line
of I street. 82:6 east of Forty-sixth
avenue, to L. F. Hall; Forty-fifth ave
nue, 150 feet north of M street, to Z.
H. Garfield.
FATHER SAYS DAUGHTERS
ARE NEGLECTED BY MOTHER
Removes Tliem From Convent and
Applies to Court for Decree Tak
ing Them From Parent.
Believing that the mental and phy
sical welfare of his two young daugh
ters was neglected by their mother,
who had Dlaced them in the Academy
of Notre Dame In Alameda County
Ellas Keyser removed' them from the j
institution last Wednesday and placed
them in the care of friends on Capp
street in this city. Yesterday he gave
notice in the Superior Court that he
would move next Friday for a modi
fication of the interlocutory decree of
divorce obtained by his wife last' June,
in which the custody of the girls was
awarded to her. Keyser says his wife
placed the children in the convent
across the bay and then neglected
them. He denies her fitness to be
their custodian and declares that she
has misbehaved in many ways since
obtaining her decree. Among other
fhings he says she drinks and leads a
riotous life.
Susie F. Schanbacher, who married
Albert H. Schanbacher, a butcher, at
San Jose in November, 1900, yesterday
sued him for divorce on the ground
of cruelty. She changes that he turned
the gas on in her room when she was
asleep and as a result her life was
despaired of for three days.
Carrie B. Keefer sued for divorce
from George H. Keefer, who appears
in the directory as a druggist. They
were married in Kansas in 1879 and
she says he deserted her in December,
1903. She waives alimony. Other
suits for separation were begun by
Thomas W. Wal3h against Margaret
Walsh for intemperance; N. L. Olsen
against Edwin Olsen, intemperance
and cruelty; Amelia Biagi against
Lawrence Biagi, crtielty; Josephine F.
Kelly against James W. Kelly, deser
tion.
Judge Graham granted a divorce to
Ida M. Spicer from C. A. Spicer for
desertion.
Store Wanted.
We must move Feb. 1. Townsend'e
California Glace Fruits, 715 Marlftst st. •
SEASON OF GRAND OPERA
g WIIiL OPEN ON WEDNESDAY
Tettrazztni, the Iiyric Soprano, Will
Make Her Debut Here in
Verdi's "Rigoletto." 1
Wednesday evening will witness at
the Tivoli Theater the opening of the
ambitious season of grand opera that
f has been In preparation for a long
lime. The event, has been awaited
with interest by the music loving pub- i
lie, which has come to look upon a
grand opera season at the Tivoli as an
event that it has a right to expect an
nually, counting the years as musical
ly lost that do not present a series of
such • performances in this theater.
The opening opera Wednesday even
ing will b« Verdi's superb "Rigoletto."
In this work Tettrazzini, the lyric so
prano, will make her debut, with Sig
nor Romboli as the unfortunate jester
and Signor Bazelli as the%puke. Pol
laca will conduct, and if report speaks
truly of his abilities his reading of
I the sqpre will create a musical sensas
' tion. On the second evening of the
oper, Thursday, January 12, Berlendi
will make her first appearance in
either "Zaza" or "La Tosca." This
occasion will also mark the joint de
buts of Signor Colli and Signor La
Puma.
Suit Over Valuable Horse.
A suit for $2750 was begun in the
Superior Court yesterday by J. M.
Moorhead against R. B. Moorhead and
J. A. Clover. The plaintiff claims to
have owned a half interest in the
»horse Robert I, the other half belong
ing to the defendants. On May 5:
1903, he says, they sold the animal
and converted the proceeds to their
own use. He says the horse was
worth $5000 and he demands $25M
land $250 more for expenses.
8 ADVERTISEMENTS. «
J)4 KAUrMANN'S
The second week of our Great Annual Clearance Sale wul give those of our friends who were unable to avail
themselves of our wonderful bargains last week a chance to buy high class footwear far below the usual cost.
MOTHERS—it will pay you to lay in reserve shoes for all the family. Don't delay—stocks don't last long when
Kaufmann's qualities are offered at prices like these.
Shoes for Men __ Shoes M „ Shoes for Children
r.eo or via.( k Felt no- _ __ #
I__S. T llfe_k nor-.* 0 &\VI MISS6S
I%_V*K ' iormerly V° 0, _&T_e\i Red ot Black Romeos.
W- now $1.15 formerly J1.50, now... _____ Patent Leather Sandal Boot*.
I' \_ Tan or Black Kid Slip- ...... .-»i.io i S-J i^. d^L n f _*t Z « 8 i i 5 «°_l
i Arm , r i v * T , c R«d. Black and Brown f } «.©6j sizes 8% to 11. »l_JO»
In_* perS * tormerl y ? I - 2 5« :■ Satin Romeos. former- [« fef sizes to 2. »I.B_.
■ now 90c '^p__~_^i_BS' f: PW ly $1.50, now $1.15 § q^ 3 Felt Romeos, black and red.
Black Felt Romeos. formerly $1.50, now...si.ao JB1 s sic',Ui e ', _? lack or ?* d Felt J fl 2 *,", l ifiP'L > T
Black Felt Slippers, formerly $i.JS. now. .goc torm *& _L V ' *
aC_Siil-£. Vic<" or Box Calf Lace Crochet Slippers, various colors, formerly *$1.00. Felt Slippers, red only, sixes
&:_W i or C , X Laa . , now . y * sto 8. 56c; sizes 8* to 11,
Hh&A Shoes, heavy single Blaok or Tan Kid Romeos, warm lined! formerly «Ocj sizes 11% to 2. 05c
<n9_M_tt\ soles, formerly $2.50, $1.50, now fl 15 Satin Romeos, red only, sizes
J|yiBffiML now $3.15 Black Felt Ro—eos, kid tips, formerly $1.25. **• •» ■ ließ 8 % to 80cj sizes 11% to 3.
I B S^_^SL d i?r • i^ £ - wVh-'- jice felt back. red. size, 6 to t, Otto,
° ]c Boles . formerly ilH____f Shoes plain or tips. sizes 8% to 11. 76cj sizes 11% to 2. 85c
now $3.65 I WM mff formerly $2.50 and
TIBL tMM. IVa'frnroof Seal Shoes //'■__» $3.00, now $2.13 - Kid, Lace or Button Shoes,
3eai snoes - /f iIW Kid Lace Shoes, kid L_>*j extension soles, sizes sto
# double soles, formerly // L*w-_rf tips. formerly $2.50, if; / 8 - ' *% to 11. $1.001
$3.50, now $2.85 Jf 9 now $1.89 ¥.' 1 sizes 11% to 2, *1.20.
Vici Bluchers, double soles, formerly *MO, now A K, . d ,or^.ol^%or_ t er?y A \ ISZ tVt
; • *3-io JNk _|D $2 50 and $3.00,n0w.»2.i5 JP \ \ §1.051 sizes 8% to 11. t—SO)
Calfskin Button Shoes, double soles, formerly Patent Leather Button JT /* — Biz « s 11 * i to 3. §1.45.
$4.00, now $3-35 «WL 2 Shoes, formerly $3.00 I Infants' Patent Kid Butten
Pattnt Colt Button Shoes, double soles, former- A % p - w •• • ■«{.» A . .
ly $5.00, now >3-o5 JB j _ or Lace Shoes. hand Child"s Patent Kid Button,
Vici Lace Shoes, double soles, formerly $5.00, _H__! sewed, formerly $5.00, lisht soles, sizes sto 8 «i_s
now %x 8q ESgRI now SB.ss Infants' Felt or Satin Romeos. red. sizes 1 to
now * 3 5 Box Calf Blucher Shoes, « 60*
m-m, I,j; Box Calf Bluchers, heavy sole *' for merly Infan ts' Velvet Romeos, blue or red, sizes 1
soles, formerly $5 00, k m? Ish^."' - h!«tv to 6 660
now $ 3 .8 S solesformerly 13 So! Infant « Soft SoU Shoes ' *«°'' t *< l ecl< »™ -
X!" __ Enamel Bluchers, heavy ._ now .fa.SK ___ __»f C*l_ _______
sole., formerly $6.50 driwSK B OyS OilOeS
T n ,° W -•* n/ ""V - S K. * 3 - 00 - now •»•«» «rr*-_ S*tln Calf Lace Shoes, rood,
Tohnston a Murphy's Patent Leather Three- J_>>r—> stout soles, 9to 13, f1.03|
• Box Calf Bluchers, for- f tra , p s yPP era -, Fr « n r c „ h 13 H to 2 - • 1 - 20 » to
» q. Ml heels, formerly $2.50. ,_(_ fl si.4o.
merly $6. 5 0 now ■ • •••■■ • ■ • • ■ • -»4-8S now • • • Vici Kid Lace Shoes, good.
Johnston & Murphy s Patent Leather Button Patent Leather or Kid Jf? JM stout soles. 9to 18, §1JU)»
Shoes, full dress, formerly "$7.00. now $4.85 v , . Fancy Slippers, French 13% to 2. »I.«0j 2% to 6%,
Ventilating Shoes (Resilia), formerly $5.06, now £Z r " *rSS Black Slipped 9 to
4 *3-85 heels, formerly $5.00, now *S_W 13, »Oe; 13% to », »1.05j 2% to 5%, fI.SO.
Kid House Slippers, formerly $1.26, now... 90c
Mail Orders ii JiflP mLAN O A Ends m To
FOled Same Day O SB-SkS**'^
KeCeiVeQ _C> -CV' Some Ladies' Slippers at 50c a pair
♦ ♦ GOOJJ 4>
PLANS TO KILL
. THE PRESIDENT
Connecticut Youth Sent
to Insane Asylum on
Application of Father
[ DERBY, Conn., Jan. 7.—On application
lof his father, Raphael A. Salvatore of
Shelton, an Italian, aged 19 years, who
is alleged to have been making prepa
rations to go to Washington to kill
President Roosevelt, was committed to
day to the Connecticut Hospital for the
; Insane. It is said that the youth had
; become imbued with morbid ideas
i through reading anarchistic literature.
j COLUMBIA SOPHOMORES
ARE WAITING FOR GOULD
Millionaire's Son Will Meet With
Warm Reception When He Re
turns to College.
NEW YORK. Jan. 7. —Columbia
College sophomores are waiting the
advent next week of Kingdon Gould,
the freshman who shot at the second
' class men who tried to kidnap him
| last month for a sophomore - dinner
j performance. It has become apparent
j in the last,three days that the trouble
! has only begun.
It is definitely known that Kingdon
I Gould will return to college next Mon
day and it is just as definitely though
not so widely known that certain
j sophomores are prepafing for his re
ception. There is deep sentiment in
j some quarters against young 4 Gould,
not so much because of his gun play
as because of the suspension of the
four sophomores who tried to kidnap
him.
i' c 1
I APPROPRIATION IS NEEDED
TO CONTINUE RIVER WORK
Unless Funds Are Provided by Con
gress Improvements on the Colum
bia and Willamette Will Stop.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan.. 7.—Unless
the present Congress passes a river
and harbor bill the Columbia and
Willamette rivers will become shoal
water after the spring freshet and
will only be navigable for vessels of
light draft. An appropriation Is re
quired to continue the work of keep
ing the rivers in navigable .condition
and should none be made an shipping
of Importance will be cut off. Major
Langfeitt, who is superintending the
improvements on the two rivers, es
timated some time ago that it would
require $1,260,000 to complete the
work mapped out for the coming sea
son. - ,
Unknown Man Is Killed by Train.
STOCKTON, Jan. 7. —Train No. SI
of the Southern Pacific, leaving Stock
ton for San Francisco at 7:10 a. m.,
ran over and killed an unknown man
this morning about a mile south of the
San Joaquin bridge. The engineer
whistled for the man, who was walk
ing upon the track. Either he was
hard of hearing or was deceived as to
the proximity of the train by the
dense fog.
Dr. A. D. McLean Has Removed
To James Flood building, corner of Market and
Powell streets, rooms 372-374. •
Have you ever considered the
investment propositions in the
BUSINESS CHANCE COL
UMNS?
Some opportunities that may
suit your capital advertised to-
BANK STATEMENT TELLS
OF INCREASE IN DEPOSITS
Report Shows That for Second Time
in Fifteen Years Surplus Re
serve Is Reduced.
NEW YORK. Jan. 7.—The Financier
says: The most notable feature of the
official statement of the New York As
sociated Banks last week was its fail
ure to reflect In the cash item the large
gain which was estimated from the
traceable movements of money during
the week, an increase fn legal tenders
partly offsetting a loss in specie, while
the estimates indicated a gain of more
than $7,500,000 cash.
It is difficult to account for this dis
crepancy upon the theory that it was
caused by the week's exports of gold,
for these shipments were included in
the estimates and, moreover, the trace
able gain was chiefly from the interior
flow of currency. The net decrease in
cash shown by the statement was $795,
--300—specie decreasing $4,870,800, while
legal tenders increased $4,075,500. Depos
its were augmented $5,119,500, which was
$2,873,300 in excess of the sum of the
increase in loans less the loss of cash,
therefore the statement showed an un
usually bad proof.
The required reserve was increased
$1,279,875 through the augmented de
posits, which requirement, added to the
net loss of cash, made a decrease of
$2,075,175 in the surplus reserve to $11,
--608,250, or about $3,000,000 less than the
surplus at the corresponding date of
1904. Computed upon the basis of de
posits, less those of $22,791,200 public
funds, the surplus last week was $17,
--306,000. Loans were increased $3,041,500,
reflecting probably ordinary loaning op
erations.
One interesting feature of the state
ment is that with the exception of 1903
this is the first time in fifteen years
when there has been a decrease In the
surplus reserve. Even in that year the
reduction in this item was less than
$500,000.
Steamer Santa Ana Strikes a Rock.
SEATTLE, Jan. 7.-*—The steamer
Santa Ana, en route from Seattle to
Valdez, ran on a rock in Heikish
Narrows, north of Queen Charlotto
Sound. She arrived here this morning
for repairs. The steamer struck the
rock during thick weather ahd •
heavy snowstorm. She will have to be
drydocked to learn *the full extent of
her injuries.
ADVERTISE»IEyTS._ . a
I WILL GIVE $1000
If I fail to cure any
CANCER
l| or Tumor I treat
■sasv 4s9i before It poisons
7 m No Knife! No Pain!
J&l &. No Pay Until Bond
* Jf ln 30 years I have cured more
"** J\ cancers than any other doctor
living. Ito X Ray or other swtn-
WBmgSrZ*' JL di *' INVESTIGATE
■Sgter My Absolute Gutraitec
ralfliaiA LUMP IN
WOMAN'S BREAST IS GANGER
They always poison the glands ia the armpit
end shoulder; t ecu cure is often impossible. Any
tumor, lump or gore on the LIP, FACE or any
where aix months ia nearly always cancer.
They never pain until almost past cure *
120 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE,
with symptoms and testimonials of thousands
cored whom you can see and talk with.
CHAMLEY CANCEB INSTITUTE lie
OR. t. R. and MRS. CHAMLEY. Managers
" Strictly Sellable." Two Lady Assistants.
Office* 25 Third St., Sao Francisco
SEW TO SOMEONE WITS CIKCEB
THREATENS LIFE
OF A PREMIER
Pennsylvania Laborer Makes
Attempt to Blackmail
Count Tisza of Hungary
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.—Chief Wllkle
of the secret service to-day received a
telegram from Lebanon, Pa., stating
that Ignaz Wenzler, a laborer in one
of the iron mills there, had been ar
rested and held under $3000 bonds for
having attempted to blackmail and
threaten the life of Count yon Tisza,
the Premier of Hungary.
Some weeks ago. It is said, Wenzler
wrote to the Count, signing a fictitious
name to the letter, stating that Wenz
ler, a distant relative of his, was in
great need and demanding a remittance
of $2000, in default of whioh a repre
sentative of the "black hand" would
go to Budapest and kill the Count be
fore Christmas day. The letter came,
to Chief Wllkle through the State De
partment and secret service detectives
were at once put on the case. Wenzler
was located and a sample of his hand
writing obtained by a German, who ob
tained his assistance in writing to a
friend in Hungary. Later a letter car
rier obtained a written statement from
Wenzler to the effect that he expected
a remittance of $2000 from Count Tisza.
The handwritings being identical,
Wenzler was arrested and in default of
bail was sent to Jail at Harrisburg,
charged with having used the mails to
defraud.
BIGAMOUS MARRIAGE DUE
TO IGNORANCE OF LAW
Woman Regards Desertion by First
Husband as Ground for Taking
, a Second.
NEW YORK. Jan. 7.—An alleged
bigamous marriage whijch. it is said,
was unwittingly performed by the
Mayor in the City Hall a few days
ago, has ended in the arrest of Mrs.
Margaret Loose. The prisoner is said
to have admitted that her first mar
riage was with a Seventh Day Ad
ventist clergyman of that name now
living in Irvington, N. J.
.In the ceremony at the City Hall
she was wedded to Maurice Gardner.
The Rev. Mr. Loose read In the news
papers an account of the latter mar
riage and, hastening to this city, de
manded before a police magistrate a
warrant for the young woman's ar
rest. Although he had not lived with
her for five years, he said, It would
be wicked to permit her to live as the
wife of another man when she already
had a husband living.
The prisoner, after having been tak
en from a cozy new home in the
Bronx, said the minister had declined
to support her properly; so, directly
after her baby was born Aye years
ago, she took the child ana moved to
the home of her mother and after
passing nearly five years there said
she supposed her marriage to Gard
ner was perfectly legal.
Indicted by Federal Grand Jury.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 7.—D. A. Ar
nett and J. W. Neighbors, subordin
ate employes of the Cumulative Credit
Company, a business concern of this
city, were arrested to-day on Federal
indictments, charging them with the
use of the malls in an attempt to de
fraud. They were released on $«000
ball each. The company has had con
siderable difficulty with the United
States (authorities for several months
past and some time ago was debarrca
from the use of the mails.
JANITORS AND WINDOW
WASHERS WANT A CHURCH
Men Employed in Chicago's Sky-
scrapers Plan to Have Sacred
Edifice of Their Own.
CHICAGO, Jan. 7.—Window wash
ers who are in daily danger of being
dashed to death while strapped against
the outside walls of Chicago sky
scrapers and the janitors employed in
downtown office buildings are to have
a church of their own. an entirely
non-sectarian affair. The matter was
definitely decided to-day at a meeting
of the joint council of the Building
Employes* Union of America. A com
mittee has been selected and instructed
to find a convenient hall and a min
ister who will be satisfactory to the
members of all denominations. J
LONDON, Jan. 7.— T. P. O'Connor has been
appointed editor of the theatrical paper, the
Era, which was recently purchased by Mr.
Bass, a wealthy brewer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Uricsol,
the only cure for
Rheumatism.
If you are suffering from rheuma
tism there is a chance for you to be
come absolutely cured. You maji
cure yourself and do It quickly if yon
will lay :side your prejudice and
skepticism.
Every San Francisco druggist sella
Uricsol, the well-known remedy, and
we hereby authorize therh to guaran
tee a cure.
Uricsol cures rheumatism in the
only possible way it can be cured.
Uric Acid and Urates are the cause
of Rheumatism. These are deposited
in the tissues, blood vessels and joints
of the body.
These deposits must be dissolved
and eliminated from the system be
fore a cure can be accomplished.
Uricsol is a solvent of these and
tones up the system, stimulates the
kidneys, liver and bowels and thua
drives them from the system.
Uricsol is harmless, and no injuri
ous results can possibly come to any
part of your body.
Write us to-day for booklet con
taining recommended diet for rheu
matics.
URICSOL CHEMICAL CO..
Los Angeles, Cal.
GOLDFIELD
DON'T BUT PROSPECTS when you
can BUY STOCK IN A PROVEN PROP
ERTY at prospect prices. A Goldfield
corporation owning" one of the finest prop
erties In the district j S now In We with a
well defined vein disclosed. Assays show
better than $100 A TON GOLD. Develop
ment progressing rapidly. A small amotfnt
of treasury stock is offered at 5 cents per
share, cash or Installments, par value ft.
non-assessable. treasury reserve
and no debts. Monthly reports to share
holders. Best buy on the market. Write
or call for particulars of the BEST IN
VESTMENT In the greatest gold mining
district on earth. Information free that
may lep*i a fortune. Write to-day.
W. BAER EWINC.
45f Montgomery St.. San Krancisco. Cal.
|ASTH«ANOLA|
Zs the only cure for -ferrous end
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Druggist or at 008 HAIGHT ST..
Baa Francisco. C_f \
. Miss Anna tied
owes much of her charm to her glori
ous auburn hair. No portrait can do j
• her justice, and mere verbal descnp- j
tion is a dismal faiiure. Only by see
ing these luxuriant tresses can you j
•understand why Mis? Held is the ad
miration and --'he envy of women in j
-her own profession. The envy is |
needless, for any woman not blessed
by nature with abrndant and beauti
ful hair may have it by using
ED. hh\ALU'S
(Pronounced Pec-no.)
Eau de Quinine
HAIR TONIC
Used by crowned heads and the elite I
the' world over. SENT FREE to j
convince you that it is the greatest ,
HAIR AND SCALP TONIC on the
market. No other hair restorative
and dressing has such a world-wide
reputation. ONCE 'TRIED, AL
WAYS USED. It makes the hair
'. beautiful, prevents dandruff, stops
falling hair, restores the scalp to a
healthy condition and preserves your
hair, if used regularly, to a ripe old
. age. FOR SALE BY ALL FIRST
CLASS D E A L E R S EVERY
WHERE. 50c and $1.00. Beware of
imitations, SEE that the NAME
.£!> PINAUD is on each bottle.
FREE
•FREE bottle Hair Tonic, bottle Den
tifrice, our latest creation in Perfume,
.will be sent to any one sending 10c in
stampe, to pay postage and packing,
to ED. PINAUD'S American office,
Ed. Pinaud Building, New York City.
We are the largest manufac
turers in the world of high grade
perfumes. Member of Jury of
Award St. Louts World's Fair.
Our house received the supreme
title of "Hors Concours," or "Be
yond Competition," and stands \
to-day in the world without a rival.
PARFUMERIE ED. PINAUD,
18 P/aca Vendome. Paris.
MAKING PAPER
OF IRISH PEAT
American's Scheme to Uti
lize Beg of Green Isle for
• Novel Purpose a Success
Special DiSDd'.ch to The Call.
DUBLIN, Jan. 7. —Everything seems
to indicate that the project undertaken
• by an American to manufacture paper
.out ot* Irish bog peat is going to be a
great suctfßKfc~« The American in ques
tion, William M. Callender of New
York, has, of course, been intimately
identified with the paper trade in the
r United States for many years. The
' process discovered by him of making
. bog mold or "peat" into paper was i
the result of lengthy study and ex- 1
periment and it is being put to the
test near the famous bogs of Allan, in
the heart of Ireland.
Armed with $45,000 capital, Cal
lender descended upon the hitherto
obscure little village of Celbridge, in
the County of Kildare, and there se
cured*premises on which to erect the
' factory where he proposes to trans
form peat into paper. The Allan bogs
close by, from which the American
gets his raw material, have never been
of any other use or interest to Ire
land except as a geographical land
mark, so that Callender had no dif
ficulty in negotiating the purchase of
800 acres of the unsightly swamp with
. the local landlord, the Earl of Meath.
"The actual price is not mentioned, but
it can be safely assumed that it was
. not excessive.
The Celbridge Paper Mills are yet
far from complete, but already they
■ t are able to give employment to close
upon a hundred hands and in another
njonth or two when in full swing it is
estimated that 300 men and women
will find employment there. At pres
ent' "the Callender Paper Manufactur
ing Company, Limited"—as the firm
is named —confines its operations to
the production of paper bags and loose
paper for parceling purposes, the
manufacture of postcards and enve
lopes and other adjuncts to the paper
trade, but when the mill Is complete
and the new machinery In full work
ing order more ambitious efforts will
ba made.
An experiment to produce boards
from the same material Is now being
tried and if this proves successful Cal
lender says he will start mills wher- j
ever he can find a convenient expanse
of bog in Ireland. The present output
of the mill is not enough to supply
Ireland, so great Is the demand in
the country for Irish manufactured
goods, but when it is set working to
lt« full capacity Callender hopes to
open up markets in the United States.
, Callender's enterprise has been the
means of changing the whole aspect of
Jhe sleepy little Kildare village, where
the sound of machinery has not been
heard for thirty years.
HELPS WOMAN HE LOVED
POISON HER HUSBAND
Michigan Farmhand When Arrested
Admits That He Purchased Drue
Given His Employer.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 7.—lsaac
Swan, who was named by Mrs. Carrie
Joslyn of Wheatfleld Township as her
accomplice in the poisoning of her
husband with arsenic, was arrested
•here to-day. Swan was the hired man
•on the Joslyn farm and Mrs- Joslyn in
bet- confession claimed that h»
bought the drug which she adminis
tered to her husband. Swan admitted
his complicity to-day.
"I made a fool of myself for Mrs,
Joslyn," he said, "because I loved her,
I bought the arsenic with which she
killed her husband. She had been
working to kill him for a lojig time."
• SHOOTS SOX AND HIS WIFE
AND THEN WOUNDS HIMSELF
Tragedy llosults From a Family
Quarrel in the Town- of
Jollet.
JOUCET, 111.. Jan. 7.—William
Wrapson, after a family quarrsl, to
day fatally shot his son, Herbert, af
ter which the old man called Her
bert's wife out to the barn, shot and
killed her. and then shot and fata'iv
wounded himself.
* *
; . v
WATCH
The For Sale Miscellaneous
Column of THE CALL. You
can frequently set articles that
you need at a bargain.
•:» ' ■ ii , I.
RIVAL NATIONS
CLOSE TO WAR
Diplomacy Averts Clash
Between Great Britain
and the German Empire
♦
TROUBLE KEPT SECRET!
Dispute Due to a Threat
Contained in the British
Army and Navy Gazette
BERLIN, Jan. 7.—The National Lib
eral leader, Dr. Paasche, addressing his
constituents at Creusenach to-day,
made the astonishing statement that
Germany' and Great Britain were on
the verge of war last week, referring
eventually to the representations which
the German Foreign Office made to
Great Britain regarding a bellicose
threat against Germany in the Army
and Navy Gazette. Dr. PaascHe's
words were:
"I know with absolute certainty that
Germany and Great Britain last week
were much nearer warlike complica
tions than many people dream. Our
diplomacy succeeded in averting the
danger, though with difficulty."
Referring to the American duty on
German wines, Dr. Paasche said he
had mentioned the matter to Chancellor
yon Bulow, who had promised to do
everything in his power to prevent it.
Nevertheless, he added, the Americans
were incensed against Germany because
of difficulties thrown in the way of the
importation of American goods to Ger
many.
PRESIDENT GIVES PARDON
TO FILIPINO CONVICT
Executive Orders Release From BUl
blU Prison of Native Who Gave
Aid to Government.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7. —The Presi
dent has pardo&ed Juan Gutierrez,
now serving a life sentence in Bilibili
Prison, Manila. Gutierrez is a native
Filipino and was convicted by a mili
tary commission of having killed
prisoners and sentenced to be hanged,
bur on account of the aid rendered by
him to the United States in securing
the surrender of other insurgents, the
sentence was subsequently commuted
to imprisonment at hard labor for life.
The present action of the President
Is baaed upon the information that the
testimonj' upon which Gutierrez was
convicted was unreliable, being, it is
alleged, part of a conspiracy to {ret
him out of the way and also because
of the subsequent important service
rendered the Government of the
United States by Gutierrez in the sup
pression of the Philippine insurrection.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 7—The total an
thracite production for th» year 1904 was al
most two million tons below the outDut of
1903. The total production for 1904 was 67,
--492,522, as compared with 59,3(i2,83l during
the previous year.
HE HAD FAITH
And It Was Justified.
"In reply to your letter of recent date
will say that I am cured as sound as a
dollar. I used about three of the fifty
cent packages. I was going to write
you, but was holding up to see if the
piles would give me any further
trouble. I feel no signs of the piles
and believe I am cured entirely. I had
faith in Pyramid Pile Cure at the start
and stuck right to the treatment. You
can refer any one to me you like. I
can soon tell what Pyramid Pile Cure
has, done for me. Wishing you much
success I remain, J. C. Kinkaid, Mgr
l'or Fleischman & Co., agency at Knox
ville, Term."
It is a well recognized fact that the
best advertising an article can have is
that which is known as "word of
mouth"; this rightfully carries more
weight than all the claims which can
be set forth. It follows that Mr. Kin
kaid, with his wide acquaintance, will
largely promote the sale and" use of
Pyramid Pile Cure because—and here
|« the vital point—he knows whereof
he speaks and not only advocates its
use but does so with enthusiasm; this
is not to be wondered at, and in point
cf fact can any one, after reading his
letter, doubt that this remedy cures?
Pyramid Pile Cure is sold by drug
gists for the low price of fifty cents a
package: it is in suppository form, Is
applied directly to the parts affected
and does its work quickly and pain
lessly; there is no other remedy "Just
as good."
A little book describing the causes
and cure of piles is published by Pyra
mid Drug Co., Marshal], Mich., and
will be sent free to any address for the
asking.
Pa.Att» DON'T PAIL TO if
lalaVV ice the beautiful \%
j COURT Lounging j ;*
Hi fill room, the EMPIRE JI ;'t
auu PaRLOR, the |jl
r J PALM ROOM, the \l
IfHifld LOUIS XV PAR. g
uiuuu LOR> the LA j{ i
U DISS* WRITING Ml
Hotels *° om - ii
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR"mST
General Manager.
TO-WIGHT—MATINEE TO-DAY.
LAST TWO PERFORMANCES OF
OLD HEIDELBERG
TO-MORROW NIGHT—ONE WEEK
FIRST TIME IN STOCK—JOSEPH AR
THUR'S INDIANA COMEDY,
LOST RIVER
With Marvela of Realism.
Evgs.. 26c to 75c. Mats., Sat., Sun., 26c to 60c
JAN. 16—"THE GIRL AND THE JUDGE."
Thurs., Jan. ID—IBSEN MATINEE,
"GHOSTS.''
G E NTB A\J"&o%*
Market Street, Near Eighth.. .Phone South 533
MATINEE TO-DAY—TO-NIGHT LAST TIME
Sensational, Scenic Meloaramatic Success:
The Child mm_ of New York
TO-MORROW NIGHT—AIX NEXT WEEK.
matinees Saturday and Sunday
The Entire Central Theater Stock Company Jn
MINSTRELS
END MEN—HER3CHEL MAYALL. HEN
RY SHUMER. JAMES CORRIGAN. ERNEST
HOWEIX. BEN T. DILLON, DANNY HALI
FAX; INTERLOCUTOR, GEORGE P. WEB
STER.
Acts, Songs ana Specialties.
PRICES —Eve., 10c to 50c.; Mats.. 10c, 15c, 28c
«
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905.
Great Annual Clearance Sale!
The Greatest of All Sales Ever Held in San Francisco.
If! OA A AAA *J* Of Fashionable TAILOR. SUITS, SKIRTS, JACK-
V/I] fl nil 11 XlfuPs ETS, LONG COATS, FURS, CAPES, WAISTS and
O&UUIUUU OlUutt CHILD'S COATS ARE NOW BEING SOLD AT
> LOWEST PRICES EVER HEARD OF. * J> *
OUR PRICES HAVE GREETED A SENSATION!
Crowds are growing larger and larger, while prices grow smaller and smaller. No mat
ter how RIDICULOUSLY LOW PRICES may seem, there is no misrepresentation. Goods
sold just as advertised, and this season's best styles only.
Remember, many Garments are being sold at LESS THAN ONE-HALF COST OF WHOLESALE PRODUCTION.
Hundreds of garments will be placed on sale to-morrow which could not be shown last week.
TAILOR SUITS [l JACKETS
$17.50 Suits cut to $ 7.95 $7.50 Black Jackets cut to $2.95
$20.00 Suits cut to 8.95 $7.50 Tan Covert Jackets at 3.95
$22.50 Suits cut to 9.45 $8.50 Covert Jackets cut to $3.95
$25.00 Suits cut to 11.45. $10.00 Jackets cut to , 4.95
$27.50 Suits cut to 13.95 $12.50 Jackets cut to 6.95
$80.00 Suits cut to 14.45 $15.00 Jackets cut to 8.45
$35.00 Suits cut to 16.45 $17.50 Jackets cut to , 9.45
$40.00 Suits cut to 18.95 CIrTDTC I CIfTIYTCI
$45.00 Suits cut to 19.95 w
$50 00 Suits cut to 27.50 talking: Skirts, Etamine Skirts, Panama
$60 00 Suits cut to 35.00 Cloth Skirts, Silk Skirts, Broadcloth Skirts,
AJI-w<fol Shirtwaist SnitiVt! !\\ \ \ 2.95 Cheviot; Skirts, Venetian Skirts, Novelty
Full Value $12.50. Mlxtare Skirts 
sl7.so Silk Shirtwaist Suits cut to LOWEST PRICES ON RECORD.
$7.95 and 8.95 $2.00 Skirts cut to. ... .. .$ .95
$20.00 Silk Shirtwaist Suits at. . . 9.95 $3.00 Skirts cut to 1.25
$25.00 Silk Shirtwaist Suits at 12.95 $3.50 Skirts cut to 1.45
~ . $4.00 Skirts cut to 1.75
44 and Fvil-Length $5.00 skirts cut to 1.95
NOVELTY COATS cv * to
$12.50 Coats cut to $ 4.95 Skirls cut to 2.90
$15.00 Coats cut to 7.95 Skirts cut to 3.4,
$20.00 Coats cut to 8.45 Cnt *"*
$22.50 Coat* cut to 9.95 Mo ' oo Skirts cut to 4 - 9*
$25.00 Coats cut to 14.95 CHILD'S COATS
EVENING COATS Are now *ffif 1 -* 5 • * 2A *>
$35.00 Coats cut to $19.95 HATF PT?Tf F OR TIW
$40.00 Coats cut to 22.45 ONE-HALF PRICE OB LESS.
$50.00 coats cut to., 30.00 $1,50 Rjgjj Wgjftj w Sale at 65c
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET, NEAR JONES STREET.
OVERSTOCKED
$80,000 Worth of
i Ready Made Garments
Slaughtered at 25c and 35c on the Dollar
SUITS and SKIRTS
$15.00 Shirt Waist Suits slaugh- $35.00 Tailor Suits slaughtered
tered at ,$5.95 at $14.95
$12.50 Wooi Shirt Waist Suits $40.00 Tailor Suits slaughtered
slaughtered at $2.95 at ...$17.45
$20.00 Silk Shirt Waist Suits
slaughtered at $7.95 SKIRTS
$15.00 Mixture Suits slaughtered $2.50 Slaughtered at 956
at , 116.95 $ 3 . 5 0 Slaughtered at $1.25
$20.00 Tailor Suits slaughtered $4-5° Slaughtered at $1.45
at ...$8.95 $ 5 .00 Slaughtered at $1.95
$22.50 Tailor Suits slaughtered $6 00 Slaughtered at 82.25
at $9.45 $ 7 . 5 0 Slaughtered at $2.95
$25.00 Tailor Suits slaughtered $8.50 Slaughtered at $3.45
at $11.45 $10.00 Slaughtered at $3.95
$30.00 Tailor Suits slaughtered $ia-5o Slaughtered at $4.95
at $18.45 $15.00 Slaughtered at $6.95
SEE OUR WINDOWS
1142-1146 Market Street
GADSKI
Firewe'l Concert, Altaantbra Tfttitir
NEXT SUNDAY AFT R'/i at 2:30
POPULAR PRICES
75c $1.00 81.50
Box S>ats. $2.00.
READY NEXT THURSDAY
At Sherman, Clay A Co.'s. where complete
programmes may be obtained.
Mall orders must be accompanied by
check or money order.
Next-DE PACHMANN
WtMloFv Yeai
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-NIGHT—Last Time of tne Tivoil's Famous
Opera Success
KINfl DODO
The Theater will be closed Monday evening,
January 9, and Tuesday evening, January 10.
fIPAMh BEGINS
VJ 1% r% I N luT WEDNESDAY
OPERA ?=
IN ITALIAN. ELEVEN.
RESERVED SEATS NOW SELLING.
PRICES —$2. $1 60, $1, 50c.
REPERTOIRE: Wednesday Evening, RIGO
LETTO; Thursday Evening, LA TOSCA; Fri
day Evening, BARBER OF SEVILLE; Satur
day Matinee, RIGOLETTO; Saturday Evening,
LA TOSCA; Sunday Evening, ANDREA CHE
NIER
/ CALIFORNIA «J
EDWARD ACKERMAN, MANAGER ■
TO-NIGHT H
VOELCKEL and NOLAN'S GREATER H
BLACK PATTI I
TROUBADOURS |
Forty Clever Colored Comedians, Sine;- I
era, Dancers, Cakewalkers, Headed by I
BLACK FATTI, i
■t The Greatest Singer of Her Race. S
NEXT SUNDAY g
Return of the Famous and Original B
JOSEPH MURPHY I
The Veteran Legitimate Irish Comedian, I
In His Great Irish Play, I
THE KERRY GOW\
,
■ LYRIC HALL, Will Greeabaom \
BURTON
HOLMES
TRAVELOGUES
Magnificently Illustrated •olorefi
Views and Motion Pictures
THIS WEEK
Tuesday and Wednesday at 3:15
"IN LONDON"
Thursday and Friday at 8:15
"'ROUND LONDON"
SATURDAY MATINEE at 3:00
"YOSEMITE VALLEr "
Saturday Evening' at 8:13
and Monday, Jan, 10
"IRELAND"
$1.00, 750 m 500 WON SALE
At SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S.
H. W. BISHOP, Lessee and Manager.
to-hioS b HELDJJY THE ENEMY
Ella Wheeler Wflcox
and Lvscombe Searelle's
Magnificent Poetical Drama,
M IZPAH
OR THE STORY OF ESTHER.
PRICES—2So TO 75c,
LYCEUM THEATER
Seventh and Market sts.. Odd Fellows' bldg.
COMMENCING MONDAY, J'N. 9.
3 Big Shows Daily
AFTERNOONS, 2:80; EVENINGS. 7:30 and 3.
Extraordinary Vaudeville Novelties.
The 4 OLTFANS; STAR TRIO, MONTGOM
ERY, WARD and CANTOR; BERNARD WIL
LIAMS; YALE DUO; CHARLES RICHARDS;
! SALLIE RANDALL; WONDERFUL MOTION
PICTURES.
1 POPULAR PRICES—IOc and 20c
.. . _ _ _ _ AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
LAST WEEK BEGINS TO-MORROW NIGHT
DAVID BELASCO PRESENTS
BLANCHE BATES
Zn Her Greatest Success
"THE DARLING OF THE GODS"
A Drama of Old Japan
i ■■ i' ■ ' is =By David Belasco and John Luther Eong= ,v ■..
| SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT! I
Next Tuesday Matinee Next Thursday Matinee
MISS BATES WILL PRESENT " MISS BATES WILL PRESENT
"HEDDA GABLER" "KATHERINE andPETRUCHIO"
BY HENRIK IBSEN AND
The N^rl« ti W. Meet Inter- "MADAME BUTTERFLY"
Beginning Next Sunday Matinee—Jan. 15 \
JOHN C. FISHER'S
Stupendous Musical Production
THE 1
Silver Slipper
125--PEOPLE. ORCHESTRA-16
P£c£ AR -- • 25c, 50c, 75c, $1.00
SEATS READY THURSDAY
iflAI fi&liSIA I TO-NIGHT-LAST TIME
tflnwßTffri I SULTAN OF SULU
FREDERICK KATHRYN
WARDE ah KIDDER
IN WAGBNHALS AND KEMPER'S STUPENDOUS SCENIC PRODUCTION OF
"SALAMMBO"
(THE DAUGHTER OF HAMILCAE)
A Spectacular Drama of Romance, Passion and Pageantry. Founded on Flaubert's Great
Novel, by STANISLAUS STANGE, Author of "Quo Vadls." "Dolly Varden," eta.
PRICES. $1.50. $1.00, TCc, 50c, 25c.
JANUARY IC—FRANK McKEE PRESENTS
EDNA WALLACE HOPPER
|In Arthur Law's three-act comedy, "A COUNTRY MOUSE," and the curtain-raiser, 1
"CAPTAIN JANUARY." Seats rea,dy Thursday.
Week Commencing THIS AFTER
NOON, Jan. 8.
Entire New Show!
The Beet of All Sketch Producers,
win m. Cressy&Dayne Blanche
In Their Latest Success, "TOWN
HALL TO-NIGHT."
Eleanor Falke
The Dainty Singing Comedienne.
Miss Nita Allen & Go.
Presenting Charles Alfred Byrne's One-
Act Play. "WINE, WOMEN and
BONG."
Chasslno
Europe's Greatest Shadowgraphlst.
josie Kins and Gotthold run
In Their Quaint Conceit. "A MEDI
CAL DISCOVERT."
H. V. Fitzgerald
The World's Quickest Lightning
Change Artist.
Wlnlieid DOUglaS & Ford Margie
Neat and Eccentric Singers and
Dancers.
Orpheum Motion Pictures
Showing the Latest Novelties.
Last Week and Astounding Suoeess of
The Four Bards
America's Greatest Athletes.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday,
Thursday, Saturday and Sunday.
Prices, 10c 25c and 60c.
■*
AIIITJSBatfBNTa.
ALHAMBRA
Corner Eddy and Jones.
MONDAY EVENING. Jan. 0,
At 8:i» o'clock.
JACOB RIIS
LECTURE
"TONY'S HARDSHIPS"
PRICES— 50c and 76c
Tickets at Sherman, Clay & Co."a.
miSS MARY CARRICK
WILL GIVE A PIANO RECITAL
—OF—
OLD IRISH MELODIES
First Time In America. .
TXT ffJTBXSWAY HALL
THURSDAY. JAN. 12, 8:16 P. M.
Reserved Seats, $1.00 and 11.60; General Ad
mission, 75c. Tickets on sale at Sherman,
Clay A Co.'s.
Fischer's Theater
HIGH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE,
Commencing With MONDAY. January ».
EVERY LADY Attending the MATINEE PER
FORMANCES Will Be Preeented With
A BEAUTIFUL AND COSTLY SOUVENIR
SEATS, 10c and 20c; CHIDREN 10c
UNION
COURSING
PARK
P. I RIILLT. Judg., /AS. 1". GRACS, Slipper
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905
CLASSIC OPEN
STAKE
56 — HOMIHATIOMS— 5 B
Best Dogs in Training
A Special Feature
MATCH RACE
Humboldt vs. Carlo* Boy
Best Three in Five Courses
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets IS:IS a.
m. and 1 p. m.; 25th and Valencia streets Aye
minutes later. Returning immediately after
the last course: San Mateo electric cars every
five minutes direct to park entrance.
ADMISSION, 26 CENTS.
Hisrh-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening in the Heated Theater.
ERNEST WILSON AND MARIE LEICES
TER; THE FOUR GORDONS: RUSSELL
AND O'NEIL; BURTON BELL RINGERS;
ELDRIDGE; MABEL LAMSON AND THE
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Don't Fail to See
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD
A NEVER-TO-BE-FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE
RARE ANIMALS FROM EVERY CLIME
IN THE ZOO.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Electric Fountain Disulay To-Night.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN So
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
fiaci! fiaciig!
Hew stihi Jockey
California Club
OAKLAND TRACK.
Racing every week day. rain or shine.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
§XOOO Handicap to Be Bun Wednesday.
January 11. Adam Andrew Selling
Stakes, $2000 Added, to Be
Bun Saturday, January 14.
For special trains stopping at the track take
S P Ferry. foot ot Market street, at 12:00,
12-.HO 1:00, 1:30 or 2:00. Returning trains
leave'the track at 4:10' and 4:45 p. m. and im
mediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
WEEKLY CALL, f 1.00 FEB YEA.sk
8738
.
Jackets, Dresses I
Skirts, Waists I
Seasonable Dresses, Jackets, Waists I
and Skirts have never been sold at the I
prices we offer during this big CLEAR- v m
W ANCE SALE - our always reliable I
7 qualitymakes our reductions far greater I
ms l tmm than mere figures would indicate. We mean /(.| U\ M
our Clearance Sale to clean up our stock, and a J |A |
«^^™ you will find niany more bargains than we J.O I
W can advertise if you call. ] | • V
I Big Bargains In Dresses Big Bargains in Jackets fjj) I
I $17.50 Tailored Dresses, Eton effects.. 8 7.50 $10.00 Black Cheviot Jackets, now 85.00 *fVf\y M
M $22.50 Dresses, plain or mixed cloth.. .812.50 $10.00 Oxford Gray Corset Jackets,'now * m
X $25.00 Tourist Dresses, fancy c10th5...815.00 * 85.00 ||
■ $32.50 plain cloth and Cheviot cloth Dresses... $".50 Covert Jackets, fitted styles f:3*W* M
m . $20.00 ip*.so VjjW) W.
B $40.00 fancy mixed Jacket Dresses... .825.00 $12.50 Covert Jackets, Tourist M
X $50.00 elegant Tailored Dresses, now. .835.00 ™ * - » %
4 $16.50 fine Covert Jackets, lined.... *
I Big Skirt Bargains • I
m $7.00 Black Cheviot Skirts 83.50 /? «
9 $12.50 Black Dress Skirts, mixed 8 7.50 jf
1 $ 18 .00 fin. Voil. L D«« Skirt. ST-50 Jjjg BlipllS jfl COatS I"> \ f
■ $25.00 Etamine Dress Skirts 812.50 O O BP
$ • $15.00 Oxford Gray Three-quarter Tr^T^ll
1 Big Waist Bargains JFv**Z* Fml I
g 00 $16.50 Kersey Three-quarter Tourist // fl \ S
J; $3.75 Ladies' Cloth Waists, now 82.50 Coats Sio.oo . if I i\ J|
1 $4.50 Velveteen Waists 82.50 $ a 5.00 Covert Three-quarter Tourist )j? I l \ W
9 $7.00 Peau de Soie Waists 83.75 Coats $15.00 J I 1 iff
B $7.00 White Crepe de Chine Waists 83.75 $50.00 Elegant Evening Coats.s3o.oo /.§ 1 1 |-I
I $10.00 elegant White Peau de Soie Waists.... Closing out all our Child's Jackets; /J | j f'\ ft
f 85.00 ages 2to 5 years; were $5.00 to $7.50 <J| f M | \y W.
w $10.00 Light Blue Peau de Soie Waists.Bs.oo each. Closing out price, each.s2.oo > —Pk..!!^-^
I KELLY ft LIE BES CLOAKS 1
!| 120 KEARNY STREET V
Has Not Met With Foul Play.
Mrs. Annie Elizabeth Smith, wife
of a building contractor at San Mateo,
whose disappearance, reported on Fri
day night, was thought to have been
' caused by fouJ play, was alive at noon
Friday. She came to the city on
Thursday morning to visit her sister
on Silver avenue and shortly after 2
o'clock in the afternoon she was ar
rested on Mission street by Policeman
Thompson on a charge, of "drunk."
She was released on Friday morning
and at noon her property was re
turned to her by Corporal Cills of the
property clerk's office. She told Cills
that her husband was a contraoctor
In San Mateo. She signed the receipt
"Annie Smith, San Mateo."
Eyes Itch, Blur, Smart or Burn?
Geo. Mayerle's Eyewater clears misty or blur
ring eyes, strengthens weak eyes, cures painful.
Itching, discharging or sore eyes and floating spots,
feeling like slrd In eyes; rests tired eyes. At re
liable druggists or from George Mayerle, opti
cian, 1071 i«j Market. S. F.; 50c; by mail, 62c. •
Favor Proposed Amendment.
H. A. Mason, clerk of the Super
visors' Finance Committee, has writ
ten a number of letters to various
municipal assemblies, councils and
city clerks asking them for an expres
sion of opinion on the proposed
amendment to the constitntion per
mitting banks to act as depositories
of municipal funds. In every in
stance a favorable reply has been re
ceived, which brooks well for the sub
mission of the amendment to the peo
ple by the Legislature.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
§I|SALE OF UNDERWEARm
i&IL ' ' Commencing to-morrow, January 9h,at 9 A.M. and continuing during l.laislSfS
Ssmtmi the entire week > we wili noid our CLEARANCE SALE OF LADIES' UNDER- 17^^-
GARMENTS, consisting of imported and our own manufacture. The line V'^l^
embraces the largest, best and most reliable garments ever paced on sale. If/yjpp
|lßsgJ| GOWIVS,CHEMISES,CORSETCOVERS,DRAWERS,SKIRTS
IB®W)Jo*lffl ade °* musim ' cambric, sheer linen, n insook and lawn; effectively trimmed I?
With lne laces ' embl ' oi deries and ribbons. Single pieces and Bridal Sets. |§. M
Eve-y garment will be sold at an enormous reduction: in rmst instances :
prices are marked down to less than the actual cost of manufacture.
Prisoners Plead Gnllty.
George W. Terrell pleaded guilty
in Judge Dunne's court yesterday to
a charge of grand larceny and will be
sentenced to-morrow. He stole a
check for $110 from John Tuttle, coal
merchant, 516 Haight street, on July
9. Ida Nelson, charged with grand
larceny, was allowed to plead guilty
to petty larceny in the same court and
will also be sentenced to-morrow. On
November 17 she stole $19 and a gold
ring from Karl H. A. Coos of 5 Wash
ington street.
Druggist Charged' With Manslaughter.
Gum Ten, the thirteen-months-old
Chinese baby, who was given carbolic
acid last Friday night by mistake for
castor oil, died at 2:35 a. m. yester
day at the Waldeck Sanitarium. A
charge of manslaughter was entered
on the prison books yesterday against
Druggist Emelia Siordia of 1201 Du
pont street. The autopsy revealed the
presence of carbolic acid in the stom
ach of the child.
When your skin looks yellow and you
rise in the morning with a bad taste in
your mouth, take Lash's Bitters. •
Teachers Elect Officers.
The Music Teachers' Association of
California has elected the following
officers for 1905: President. A. Spad
ina; vice president, Louis Felix Rey
naud; treasurer, Mrs. P. O. Peterson;
secretary, Madame Ellen Coursen-
Roeckel; directors —Charles H. Blank,
T. D. Herzog and Paul Steindorff.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905.
Game L-aw Violators Caught.
Deputy Fish Commissioner Gooeh
has been searching for several weeks
for the men who were shooting ducks
by night in violation of law on the
marshes near Mount Eden. His pa
tience has been finally rewarded by the
capture of L. A. Bangs and A, H. Sing
of Alameda. The sportsmen were
taken before Justice Prowse of Ala
meda, who fined them $23 each. R.
P. Ogle has been fined $25 by Justice
Proul of Willows for buying deer
hides. Justice Hayes of Oceanside has
fined E. Clapp $20 for selling under
sized crawfish. A. Trapani of the
Western Fish Company has been
arrested for havings %mall bass in his
possession.
Fat Folks.
I reduced my weight 70 pounds, bust 6
inchas. waist 6 inches and hips 14 inches in a
short time by a guaranteed harmless remedy
without exercise or starving. I will tell you all
about it. Inclose stamp. Address MRS. E M
RICHARDS, 226 E. Oth st.. Riverside. Cal. •
Leiter Must Pay $2600.
According 1 to a decision handed
down by the Supreme Court yesterday
Jeremiah Leiter must pay $2600 as an
assessment on stock in the insolvent
Union Savings Bank of San Jose. The
institution was capitalized at $1,000,
--000 and the founders obtained their
stock at $30 a share. After the bank
failed an assessment of $10 a share
was paid by the stockholders, but
when a second assessment of $50 a
share was levied Leiter and several
others declined to settle.
CHEUNG HIRES
MANY LAWYERS
But Their Headway Is Small
Thus Far in Motion to
Quash Murder Indictment
GRAND JURORS TESTIFY
Andrews and Bowes of the
Committee Did Not Vote
on the Final Accusation
Chan Cheung, the big man of China
town, whom the Grand Jury indicted
for complicity in the murder of Tom
Yick on May 8, 1903, is not lacking in
counsel of wise men of the law. When
the motion to quash the indictment
came up for argument before Judge
Lawlor yesterday ex-Governor Budd,
Frank V. Bell, Henry C. Dibble and
Oliver Dibble were on hand to represent
the prisoner.
The grand jurors were in attendance
as witnesses under subpena by the de
fendant, whose plea is that the charge
of murder was not made against him
in good faith, but because he would
not tell, as the inquisitors believed he
could, of the police corruption in China
town. Budd promised to show that the
police committee of the Grand Jury
held Chan Cheung in close confinement
for forty-eight hours in the hope of ex
tracting information from him concern
ing the protection fund raised among
the Chinese gambling-houses, and con
stantly held over him the threat that if
he did not divulge the story of grafting
he would be made to answer for the
death of Tom Yick.
Budd received a setback, however,
when he called Foreman Andrews and
E. J. Bowes, the two members of the
jury who "sweated" the defendant.
They were the committeemen who
threatened Chan Cheung. But in find
ing the indictment for murder they had
refrained from voting, so no improper
motive could be laid bare there.
With Andrew M. Davts, another mem
ber of the police committee, the attor
neys for the prisoner had more success.
While Davis did not have anything to
do with the secret arrest of Chan
Cheung and the all-night tussle with
him at the Lick House, Davis talked
with Bowes and Andrews and learned
in a general way of what had occurred.
Notwithstanding that he had knowl
edge of what the police committee had
done in trying to force a confession
trom the Chinese, the juror voted to in
dict him for murder.
The disputed question of just how
far the defense can go in their inqui
ries as to the actions of the grand
jurors was not decided yesterday.
Bowes, Andrews, Davis, Stafford and
Secretary Bryan are to be recalled
when the case is taken up again next
Saturday morning. All the other jurors
were excused.
Meantime Chan Cheung, who is one ;
of the wealthiest men in Chinatown, j
must languish in the County Jail. Since I
his incarceration he has removed his
queue, covered the shaved parts with a
wig and altogether discarded Oriental
dress. He has undergone a thorough
course of Americanization since that
trying night when he baffled Andrews
and Bowes. They believe that they had
him at the point of confessing as thc
dawn appeared, and their mistake lay
in allowing him to fortify himself with
a hearty breakfast, for which he ex- ,
pressed dire need.
Three indictments were,presented by j
the Grand Jury to Judge Lawlor yes
terday morning, and the bench war
rants were Issued. Louis Epstein, who
was accused of receiving stolen prop- .
erty, was arrested last evening.
Grcenbcre; & Greonberg.
To-morrow. Monday, will be bargain j
day at Greenberg's. Special sales in all
departments. 31-37 Grant avenue, cor
ner Geary street. •
GEARY STREET ROAD RECEIPTS.—The
Geary Street Railroad Company yesterday
turned over to the city treasury the sum o(
$T2f> 4,">, being 5 per cent of its receipts of
$14,884 10 for fares durinx December.
Gen. Wm. Booth
Of the Salvation Army Honors Mr.
George Mayerle, the German Expert Op
tician of San Francisco, and writes:
The glasses made for me by Mr.
George Mayerle. the German Expert Op
tician, are the best that X ever remember
using. Yours faithfully.
WILLIAM BOOTH.
To avoid imitators be absolutely sure
of the name "George Mayerle," and num
ber, 1071 Vj Market street.
isbbsNSf ' 4m\
GEORGE MAYERLE.
No. 107154 Market St
Near Corner Seventh Street.
EYES EXAMINED FREE.
George Mayerle's Eye Water. 50c.
By mail. 62c. George Mayerle's Antisep
tic Eyeglass Cleaners. 2 for 25c.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY!
In All Its Branches.
PAINLESS i
jn a| | that
the term
Guaranteed full set of teeth 53.00
Guaranteed bridge work, per tooth «3.00
Guaranteed gold crowns, 22 karat gold. .J?3.<><>
Guaranteed silver fillings SOc
Wo Extract Teeth Positively and Abso
lutely Without Pain.
We use no gas; our method is simple, pleas
ant and harmless as milk.
We remove nerves without the slightest pain
to patients, and heal abscessed teeth In from
one to three treatments.
No Students lv This Office.
Crown and Bridge Worx We Make a
Specialty.
Note —If you can't afford to pay all down for
your work, pay what you can and we can ar
range easy payments for the balance.
IT DON'T HURT A BIT Is what you will
say if you go to the
AVtEHIGA 1 PAINLESS DENTISTS
Office hours, 0 to 9; Sundays, 10 to 2.
930 Market St.. Opposite Emporium.
JOE POHEIM,
THE TAILOR.
Finest Perfect-Fitting Clothes at
Lowest Prices.
SOI Montgomery St., Cor. Bush.
1110 and 1113 Market St.. S. F.
REFUSES TO CONTINUE
STREET REPAIR WORK
F. If. Yorke Company Notifies Board
of Works That It Will Proceed
If Bills Are Paid.
The F. M. Yorke Company yester
day formally notified the Board of
Public Works that It would not con
tinue the work of repairs to bitumin
ous pavements under its contract as
requested to do by the Finance Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors.
The members of the company declared
that they would proceed with the
work only on condition that their bills
for August and • September, which
have been held up b>\the committee,
be paid at once and that the specifica
tions under which the contract was
let be strictly complied with in the
future.
President Sehmitz of the Board of
Public Works immediately sent a com
munication to the Finance Committee
regarding the ultimatum of the com
pany'and a reply will be forthcoming
at to-morrow's meeting of the Finance
Committee. The Yorke Company not
only takes exception to the non-pay
ment of their demands, but bitterly
complains of the abrogation of its
contract to pave H street because the
Supervisors did not formally order the
work done, although an appropriation
was specifically made in the budget
for the improvement. It is pointed
cut that although the work of im
proving Nineteenth avenue also was
not ordered, yet George Cushing, to
whom was awarded the contract
therefor, has received his money for j
the work. It Is likely that some ac
tion will be taken by the Finance
Committee looking to the award of a j
new contract for repairing bitumin- !
ous pavements. .
High time to get out that catalogue. Ed
warel Knuwles Company. 24 Second st. •
. ♦ «
CHINESE, BUSINESS MEN
BRING DISPUTE TO COURTS j
Wong Dean Claims That He Is Per
secuted by Commercial Rivals
Because of His Success.
A report reached this city, yester
day that the Chinese Minister at
Washington had been very much dis- !
pleased because the Chinese Vice Con- !
sul at this port had taken an active
part in the prosecution of Wong Dean
in a proceeding to have Wong deport
ed as a laborer. Wong is possessed of
considerable means and has been en
gaged in the business of selling dried
shrimps. He became involved in a
business dispute with a rival com
pany in which his friends say that the
Vice Consul has an interest.
Shortly after the beginning of the
dispute Wong was arrested for de
portation on the ground that he him
self had performed manual labor in
preparing shrimps for shipment. He
employed former Governor James H.
Budd to defend him and the case has
been heard by United States Commis
sioner Heacock.
Acting upon representations made
by the Chinese Minister, the Attorney
General has ordered a strict investiga
tion into the affair, with instructions,
should the case be one of prosecution
because of business rivalry, to have it
dismissed.
B.F.Stoll. dentist: Hnlirht & Masonic a».*
ARREST FOLLOWS USE
OF GOVERNMENT MAILS
Adolph Fitzsimmons Runs Afoul of
Postal Regulations and Is
Charged With Felony.
Adolph Fitzsimmons, who has of-
flees in the Crossley building, at Mis
sion and New Montgomery streets, was
arrested yesterday afternoon by United
States Marshal Shine on a telegraphic
warrant from Los Angeles.
The charge against Fltzsimmons is
that of felony in obtaining money un
der false pretenses and It is alleged
that he conducted a get-rich-quick
concern and was caught in Uncle
Sam's net by using the United States
mails.
Fltzsimmons was taken before
United States Commissioner Manley
and released on $5000 bonds.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Dru*gists,sCc flask. RICHARDS & C0..40G Clay*
AD
Great
Alteration
Sale
Second Week
BeginsTo-Morrow
SPECIAL BARGAINS
•••IN AILL...
DEPARTMENTS
Doors open 9 a.m.; close 5 p. m.
111 to 121 Post Street
Klamath Development Company.
The Klamath Development Com
pany was incorporated yesterday for
the purpose of doing a land, lumber
and ranching business. Its capital
sleek is $650,000, of which $50,000
has been subscribed by each of the
following directors: Abner Weed of
Dunsmuir, George X. Wendeling of
San Francisco, A. H. Naftzger and
George E. Bittinger of Los Angeles
and Charles M. Cross of Hanford.
Extra Gadski Concert.
On account of the enormous success and
the great enthusiasm at the Gadskl concerts,
Manager Will Greenbaum has arranged for
thru splendid artist to stay over a day on her
road from Los Angeles East and give one
extra concert. This will take place at the Al
hambra Theater, next Sunday arternoon. Jan
uary 15, at 2:30. A ma<cnlncent programme
has been arranged and popular prices, rang
ing from "5 cents to $1 50 and $2 for box seats,
will prevail. Among the interesting numbers
to be presented will be the grand aria from
"A 14*1. "Eil/aheth's Prayer" from "Tann
hauser." the wonderful Ldebestod from "Tris
tan and Isolde." and a charming collection
of sones by Franz, Schubert. Schumann,
Brahms, Jensen, Bohm, Taubert, Richard
Strauss, and by special request Moxart's two
beautiful songs. "The Violet" and "Sleep, My
Prince." The seats will be on sale Thurs
day nruming at Sherman. Clay & Cos. •
RAPHAEL, WEIL.T. SENDS CHECK.—
Raphael Weill yesterday sent to Mrs. M. E.
Donnelly and Mrs. Mary Prag a check foi
MOO, which desires applied to the per
manent fund of the annuity and re
tirement fund. The ladles handed the check
to City Treasurer McDougald. who will com
ply with the wish of the donor.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IMMENSE SALE
Ladies' Cloaks and Suits
We arc now offering our entire exclusive stock of Ladies'
Coats, Suits, Jackets and Skirts at greatly reduced prices.
Everything must go to make room for our Spring and
Summer purchases.
LADIES' SUITS LADIES' COATS
$17.50 Tailor Suits JjjjQ QQ I^ 5 ° Ladies ' J»c kets »
$25.00 Tailor Suits, J|£ ytj $17.50 Ladies' Jackets
$42.50 Tailor Suits. j£24 75 27-5 ° Ladies ' J acket 9» 75
$50.00 Tailor Suits, C_>Q "7C $50.60 Evening Coats,fTy7 CA
Now HpKi7*| D Now •D\J
Must Be Closed February Ist
Our Underwear and Millinery Departments must be closed at
above date. NOTE THE CLOSING .PRICES:
LADIES' HATS ladies* UNDERWEAR
$4.50 Trimmed Hats. f\<v $1.25 Ladies' Gowns
Now -filkV/U Now 4 DQ
$12.50 Trimmed Hats, $2.50 Ladies' Chemise, ff-j QA
Now 4«),f J Now »pl»3v
$20 and $25 Trimmed C"7 CA $6.00 Silk Waists, *7C
Hats. Now $i.J\J Now. D
$iaoo Silk Waists, Now fS.BO
CHILDREN'S WEAR REDUCED ONE-HALF
VOGUE FUR CO* °„vV.'
Oil Stock Causes Trouble.
W. A. McCornack has sued E. L.
Wemple for $7500 and interest and
charged him with deceit In the mat
ter of the sale of 20,000 shares of stock
in the Mercedes Oil and Development
Company. The plaintiff bought the
chares in June, 1901, and alleges that
they are now valueless. He declares
that Wemple's representations regard
ing the corporation and Its affairs
were untrue. Wemple is said to hay«
told McCornack that he, T. P. Spier,
and Matthew Arnold bought twenty
acres of land in Kern County for
$100,000 and sold it to the Mercedes
Company for 300,000 of its 600,000
shares, on a basis of 33 1-3 cents i\.
share. This is declared to have beer,
untrue.
Past Masters' Association.
The officers of the Past Masters' As
sociation of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen will be installed ia
the Shiels building to-morrow night.
The ceremony will be followed by a
programme of entertainment, consist
ing of music, songs and literary num
bers.
KNIVES STOLEN FROM SHOWCASE.—A
boy named Anthony Mallack waa arrested yes
terday and charged with burglary on the com
plaint of Adolph Newman of I«2T> Mission
street. Newman Informed Captain M. O. An
derson of the Mission district that his aho- -
case was forced open and some pocket knlv< *
stolen. Some 1 cf the knives were found ea
Mallack when searched In the station.Pages 39 to 50
TWO BARBARY
COAST DROMIOS
Jin ARRESTED IN ERROR
TOR TIAVS OEEENSE.
Rooney Brothers Escapades
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
If the Barbary Coast were versed in ,
Shakespeare it probably would have
dubbed Tim and Jim Rooney "The Two
Dromios," but not being on familiar
terms with the Immortal Avonlte it
.aptly alludes to them as "The Just-
Alike Brothers." That the title is en
tirely fitting was averred by Patrol
man Brady, who had Jim before Judge
Mogan on the charge of vagrancy and
was confounded by the defensive pea >
that It was Tim he ought to have ar
rested, If arrest were Justified in the
premises. Specifically, Jim was . ac
cused of being the consort of Miss Dot- ;
ti« <;<-,rizales. herself a thrice-convicted
vagrant, but she informed the court
that she did not know Jim at all, but
was rather intimately acquainted with
Tim. Her statement was confirmed by
b"th Jim and Tim, and there was noth
ing else the Judge could conscientiously
do than order Jim's dismissal and sug
gest to the dumfounded policeman that
he mieht save his face by filing a va
grancy charge against Tim and de
pending on the same testimony to ob
tain conviction. Ere the officer could
do that, however, both Tim and Jim
had disappeared.
It was not the first time that Jim's
and Tim's striking similarity of per
sonal appearance gait, voice, manner —
ev< '-ything—developed a comedy of er
rors. They enhance their physical re
spmblance by wearing garments, hats
and shoes that are as like as peas in
pods, and blunders of identity thus ef
fected have been numerous. It is po
lice gossip that the Rooneys were the
original subjects of the now-famous
appendicitis story. Jim was the strick
en one, the tale goes, but Tim was
removed to the hospital instead, where,
despite his protests, the surgeons ether
ized him and proceeded to operate.
When they found that his vermiform
appendix was in good condition, how
ever, they sewed up the incision, la
beled him Opened by Mistake," and
sent him home. In the meantime Jim
had so far recovered as to make the
extraction of his appendix no longer
necessary, and he retains the alleged
superfluous organ to this day.
It is also narrated that when Tim
took unto himself a bulldog of unique
coloring. Jim stole the animal and in
carcerated it until he found its fac
simile. Trouble as to the identity of
the dogs is prevented by canine in
stinct. The men may not be able to
distinguish one beast from the other,
but the beasts never err in their allegi
ance.
Many stories of mistaken recognition
by the fairer sex are told by both Jim
and Tim, but lack of space is not all
that prevents their recounts! in this
column.
• • •
Mrs. Marie Wagstaff, Mrs. Lizzie
Pierce and Olive Campbell pleaded*
guilty to shopliftinr In the Eastern
outfitting Company's store, Oakland,
and will be sentenced next Thursday
by Judge Cabaniss. It was for plying
their larcenous profession in this city
that the women were arrested, and
failure to convict them on the charges
preferred here induced the police to '
.accept their proposal to plead guilty of
the Oakland theft. Judge Cabaniss ex
pressed disapproval of the compromise,
and probably will have morn to say
about it when the defendants come be- 1
fore him for sentence.
• • •
Sjouis Monn'er, an aged native of!
France, whose larcenous specialty is!
the plundering of "poor boxes" in i
»hurehes, was sentenced to six months'
Imprisonment by Judge Cabaniss for!
having pilfered the contents of a cash j
le< eptacle in the Slavonian Chapel on i
F< 11 street. It was his sixth conviction I
for stealing charity funds.
• • »
Fred Pauley, a shabby genteel man
with shuffling gait and weak eyes,
pleaded that he was pursuing detective
work when a policeman arrested him i
f«r peddling lottery tickets in the Pal
ace Hotel.
"If you send me to Jail," he warned j
Judge Fritz, "one of the most sensa- j
tional detective cases ever sprung in
San Francisco will be spoiled. I've been
working on It for years and am almost
ready to close It. My ticket peddling
was merely a blind to enable me to
reach certain parties."
He was sent to the Insanity Commis
sion.
• • •
Judge Mogan sentenced May Watson,
convicted of vagrancy, to three months'
THE M CALL
imprisonment. A little man whom she
introduced to the court as her husband
denied the alleged relationship unless
it was effected while he and the de- ,
fendant were in Denver, where he was
constantly drunk and incapable of re
sistance.
"No, Sam, it wasn't in Denver you
married me, but in Sheecawgo," the
woman insisted, "and you were dead
sober at the time."
r>ui sne nao. no uocumeniary prooi
of wifehood, nor could she remember
the exact date, hour or place of the al
leged ceremony or the name of the man
who performed it.
• • •
A regular deluge of wit, more or less
sparkling, followed the calling of A. B.
Champagne's name in the court oi
Judge Cabaniss. Mr. Champagne was
accused of driving a horse upon a side
walk, and when he was requested to
plead it was Clerk "Barney" Conlan
who suggested that he keep "mum."
That was the least-strained pun of the
lot. It made even a more pronounced
hit than the Judge's remark that he
would prefer to take the "case oi
Champagne" under 'advisement, and
Prosecuting Attorney Hanley's inquiry
if his Honor alluded to "the case in
pint" was scarcely noticed. The flow ol
persiflage was stopped by the Judge
abruptly fining the defendant $5.
• • •
Mrs. Annie Kelly, arrested for drunk
enness on Folsom street, between Six
teenth and Seventeenth, informed
Judge Fritz that she had enough
money on deposit in the Hibernia Bank
to purchase the Hall of Justice if that
structure should ever be offered for
sale. Then, in confidential tone, she
whispered to the bench:
"You'd better let me go before the
bank closes, so that I can draw out $20
and drop around Monday and slip it to
you."
To her unmistakable horror she was
sentenced to four months' imprison
ment.
• • •
Manuel Cartez. a wiry-framed Mexi
can, rudely interrupted the "baile" In
the Campfire dance hall last Friday
night by brandishing a revolver and in
forming the revelers that he had been
commissioned to perforate their persons
with bullets.
"To your knees, ye sinners," he shout
ed, "for I can give you only about three
minutes to live! Pray lively, for time
flies'."
Some of the dancers obeyed the be
hest, and others were too much fright
ened to do anything else than stand as
if transfixed. Two of the prescribed
three minutes elapsed when one of
the women emerged from her trance
and uttered a yell of terror that was
heard four blocks down Pacific street
and brought Patrolmen Skain and
Holmes to the spot just in the nick of
time to prevent the contemplated
slaughter. They disarmed Manuel and
escorted him to prison. leaving the ball
room floor strewn with unconscious
danseuses.
The discovery in one of Manuel's
pockets of a ticket entitling; him to a
chance to win a prize In a future lot
tery drawing rather weakened his plea
that he believed the world was to meet
its linish Friday evening and that he
had been delegated to serve as one of
the instruments of demolition. Judge
Mogan will hear more of the case next
Thursday, by which time most of the
feminine devotees of Terpsichore whom
Manuel scared so badly are expected
to be able to lend their testimony to
the prosecution.
• * *
Congressman-elect Julius Kahn ap
peared in Judge Slogan's court as at
torney for John O. Morse, a hou:»e
painter, accused of battery. The com
plaining witness was Charles A. Nel
son, a business agent of the Building
Trades Council. He averred that he
was struck on the Jaw and almost
knocked out by the defendant, an as
sistant foreman painter at a building
in course of construction on Broad
way, between Pierce and Scott streets,
the only provocation for the assault
being his (Nelson's) presence there.
Other testimony disclosed the fact
that a factional dispute among union
painters was at the bottom of the
trouble. The battery was proved, how
ever, and Mr. Kahn's client will be
sentenced next Saturday.
• • •
Nineteen-year-old Willie Hamp
NEW PLAN FOR
APPORTIONMENT
School Measure Suggested
at Sacramento Would Add
Much to City's Burden
; COUNTRY TO REAP GAIN
: President Roncovieri Up in
! Arms and Will Seek to
i Make Effective Protest
A change in the manner of apportion
-1 ing State school moneys Is being agi- I
tated in Sacramento, whereby the •
country districts would reap much
gain, and the cities, particularly San
Francisco, suffer correspondingly. The
movement is being regarded with much
• favor among the legislators from the
interior. Plans are already on foot in
' this city to oppose .what is regarded as
i unfair legislation.
It is proposed by some representa
'. fives who are working for the welfare
!of the rural districts to base the ap
portionments on the number of teach
ers and also on average daily attend
ance, instead of on the number of cen
sus children. It is urged for the most
part that the allowance from the State ;
iunds shall be $300 for each teacher.
The small districts would thereby
: gain a big advantage. The number of
their census children might be very
: small, but in large part they would be
on the same basis as San Francisco,
. where each teacher has a crowded
schoolroom.
' San Francisco's portion from State
school moneys would be reduced about
, $250,000 or $300,000 a year by the meas
j ure that has been suggested among the
I legislators," said President Roncovieri
jof the Board of Education last night,
i "The bill has not yet been prepared,
! but it seems to have enough advocates
:to justify this city in taking prompt
steps to present its side of the case.
San Francisco pays annually into the
State school funds about $1,300,000. Of
this we have been receiving back about
$860,000 in apportionments. It looks to
jme as if this city does handsomely for
the smaller schools of the State, where
wealth is lacking, and I think to im
; pose a burden of another quarter of a
j million dollars on us every year would
jbe very unjust.
I "Should the revenue for our schools
jbe reduced as much as would result
I from the proposed legislation, this city
| would have to meet the deficiency by
i taxing her citizens still more, or else
|to cut down our school term to seven
months."
Mr. Roncovieri said that he would
j try to start a non-partisan movement
i among all citizens to make appeal to
! the Legislature in behalf of San Fran
; Cisco's schools. He will at once ad
dress communications to the Mayor
i and the Board of Supervisors, calling
• their attention to the situation, and
also seek tn have the Merchants' As-
I sociation and kindred organizations
give their aid in resisting the bill.
Superintendent of Public Instruction
Kirk is in the city and President Ron
; covieri had a conference with him yes
! terday afternoon concerning the sug
; gested measure.
Jacob A. Riis to Lecture.
Jacob A. Riis, who is to lecture at
the Alhambra Theater to-morrow
night and whom President Roosevelt
called "the most useful citizen in New
Y< rk," has probably done more than
any man living to improve the condi
tion and environment of New York's
i "other half." There is not an import
i ant reform which has been accom
-1 plished in New York in the last ten
, years in which Mr. Riis has not been
j a moving spirit. Many of the reforms
I were brought about when Theodore
i Roosevelt was Police Commissioner,
; and the two men worked shoulder to
' shoulder for the betterment of the
city.
shire and 18-year-old Charlie Potter
were commanded by Judge Cabaniss
to contribute to their respective 16
--year-old wives and one-month-old
babes. The young mothers were in
court with infants in arms and as they
faced the negligent spouses the group
was suggestive of children at play.
Willie is an apprentice cement work
er and earns $5 a week, 60 cents of
which he must hereafter give to his
better half to help her maintain the
baby. Charlie works in a cracker
factory and as he earns $7 a week and
his wife's parents are impoverished
he was ordered to transfer to her $2
every Saturday. Mr. Hampshire and
Mr. Potter exchanged condoling
glances when the Judge informed
them that all the machinery of the
court would be exercised in the en
forcement of his mandate, and the
little matrons gazed with mingled awe
and gratitude at the power that thus
fearlessly intimidated their young
lords and masters.
• • •
In the milk supplied his patrons by
John Bozick, restaurateur at 1205 Du
pont street, the health inspector
found less than one-half of the per
centage of butter fat demanded by or
dinance, and in the cafe managed by
Joseph Penna, at 1324 on the same
thoroughfare, the lacteal fluid of
fered for, public consumption was dis
covered to be almost as badly debili
tated. In each case the defense was
set forth that the milk was not di
luted after its delivery by the dairy
men, but Judge Mogan declined to
permit the responsibility to be shifted
and will sentence both defendants
next Saturday.
•• \ *
If he hadn't amended his defensive
pleas O. L. Hoglie might not have
worsted the patrolman who arrested
him for habitual loitering in the vi
cinity of a tonsorial school on Clay
street, between Montgomery and
Kearny. His original story was.to the
effect that he dwelt south of Market
street and went to get shaved so far
north of the slot because he could
save 5 cents by so doing, the opera
tors there being novices acquiring
sufficient proficiency to enable them to
enter the professional rangs. As his
implied economy did not seem to have
the desired effect on the court he then
intimated that he was employed in the
college as "announcer." his duty be
ing to shout "Next!" when he saw a
chair vacated and was to designate
the customer who by right of longest
waiting was entitled to fill the vacan
cy. Judge Mogan pronounced the
amendment carried and dismissed the
case.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905.
MAYOR ANNOUNCES HIS
NEW APPOINTMENTS.
DR, J. f. POHEIM 16 GIVEN A PLACE ON POLICE COMMISSION
SEMPERVIRENS
CLUB IN FAVOR
OF RECESSION
The annual meeting of the Semper- \
virens Club was held at the St. Francis !
Hotel yesterday. Reports of officers of I
local clubs were read. John P. Irish de- !
livered an address on "Forestry Inter- j
ests of the State." The club is strongly
interested in the passage of a bill be
fore the State Legislature for an appro
priation to locate, survey and construct
a public highway to the Redwood Park
of the Big Basin in Santa Cruz County.
Touching upon this, Colonel Irish
spoke of the region as being the "most
glorious spot in all the Sierras, and not
to be surpassed in beauty in any other
mountainous portion of the globe."
A personal observation by Mr. Irish,
in company with David Starr Jordan
and Governor Perkins, had convinced
him that this "sylvan spot," as he ex
pressed it, should be set aside by our
State as a park. In general, on for
estry. Mr. Irish said our children knew
too little of its inner meaning. The re
lation of nature to man should be more
deeply inculcated in the minds of the
young, as an influence for refinement
emanates from contact with nature.
Mr. Irish spoke eloquently and for
cibly, emphasizing his sentiments
toward the recession of Yosemite to the
Federal Government. This was re
ceived with hearty and long sustained
applause. The Semperviiens <"lub has
Itself for the recession.
A edtnnsftttee Of five is to be ap
pointed from Ihe chair to present the
bill for a highway before our legisla
tors.
"With the Traveloguer" San Fran
ciscans.
Judging from the advance sale of seats
for the Burton Holmes Travelogues, to
be given at Lyric Hall, beginning next
Tuesday evening, this is to be the banner
season for Mr. Holmes in San Francisco.
Already the sale is nearly twice as large
as in any former year. Mr. Holmes' first
lecture,. "In London," will include views
of the principal centers of American in
terest, such as Piccadilly circus. St
James street, the Sunday "church pa
rade" and the "driving hour" in Hyde
Park, glimcses into the Ghetto on Sun
day, Petticoat lane, the tide of traffic at
the Bank of England and at the en
trance to the Tupenny tube. He will
also show a number of motion pictures
of the King and Prince of Wales, of the
Horse Guards, the Coldstream Guards
and the Scots Guards, and also a view of
the coronation procession, showing
Lords Kitchener and Roberts, the Beef
eaters and Indian escorts.
"Round About London," which will be
given on Thursday and Friday evenings,
deals more particularly with the envi
rons of London, and the Englishman
taking his holiday. As in ail of the
Travelogues, there will be a large
number of finely colored still pic
tures, and In this particular lecture
a most interesting series of motion
pictures, showing the regatta at Hen
fey, the best known boating event in
the world; the Derby at Epsom Downs,
the most celebrated event in the racing
world, and a number more motion pic
tures, the most unique of which will be
the review of the Salvation Army by
General Booth, forty-nine different coun
tries, all dressed in their national cos
tume. This is the longest motion picture
in Mr. Holmes' lecture, taking about
eight minutes. On Saturday evening and
Monday evening, January 16, "Beautiful
Ireland" will be the subject, and Satur
day afternoon of this week an extra
Travelogue will be given, the subject of
which will be the "Yosemite Valley." •
At a meeting yesterday of the stock
holders of the Commercial Bank the
following members were elected di
rectors: R. B. Murdoch, C. A. Haw
kins, W. F. Burbank, F. C. Immel,
Theodore Rekmert, W. L. Grow-all,
John F. Schroth. W. A. Merralls. By
ron Mauzy was elected president.
Elect Directors of Bank.
MAYOR SCHMITZ'S SELECTIONS FOR CHOICE POSITIONS IN THE MUNICI
PAL GOVERNMENT. OFFICIAL ANNOUNCEMENT OF THEIR RESPECTIVE
APPOINTMENTS HAVING BEEN MADE BY HIS HONOR YESTERDAY.
Mayor Schmitz yesterday officially
announced the names of those whom
he has selected to succeed the mem
bers of the various municipal boards
and commissions whose terms will ex
pire to-morrow.
Dr. Joseph F. Poheim, present
member of the Board of Health, was
appointed Police Commissioner, a fact
which was frequently foreshadowed in
these columns for three weeks past.
The surprise of the day was the
resignation of Herbert Schmitz as
Ccmmissioner of Public Works and
the appointment of Edward H. Aigel
tinger as a member of the Works
Board. Aigeltinger was named to suc
ceed Michael Casey, thus securing, the
long term of three years. Thomas F.
Egan was appointed to Herbert
Schmitz's unexpired term of one year.
As predicted, the Mayor reappointed
School Director A. Altmann, Fire
Commissioner Henry .M. Wreden,
Election Commissioner A. W. Voor
sanger and Civil Service Commissioner
John W. Rogers to succeed them
selves.
The Mayor did not announce his
selection for the vacanacy on the Park
Commission, but intimated that Wil
liam H. Metson was the strongest can
didate thus far considered. Neither
did. his Honor appoint a successor on
the Board of Health to Dr. Poheim,
who was transferred to the Police
Commission.
Herbert Schmitz made a statement
that he had resigned because he did
not desire to assume the responsibility
placed upon members of the Board of
Works by a Superior Court decision
holding them lndividiually responsible
for damages accruing from accidents
due to defective sidewalks and streets.
Under the decision the Commissioners
may have to pay thousands of dollars
of damage claims. Furthermore,
Schmitz says that the Board of Works
has requested the Supervisors to pro
vide a sufficient appropriation to re
pair the streets and an inadequate al
lowance had been made, thus making
the possibility of accidents all the
greater. Under these conditions
Schmitz felt he could no longer con
tinue on the board, especially as his
health became impaired under the
strain.
SHAKE-UP IX PROSPECT.
Rumors were flying thick and fast
late yesterday afternoon that a shake
up was in prospect, whereby James de
Succa, secretary of the Park Commis
sion, will displace Morris Levy as sec
retary of the Board of Public Works
and Herbert Schmitz will be appointed
to his old position as secretary of the
Park Commission, from which he re
tired to become Public Works Com
missioner. The Mayor would not con
firm the rumor, though there seems to
be some ground for it. Alexander
O'Grady has been offered the secre
taryship of the Police Commission, but
may not take it. In all likelihood John
G. FitsgeralcL will succeed Egan as
storekeeper of the Board of Education.
PRESIDENTS OF BOARDS.
To-morrow at noon there will be a
reorganization ©f the commissions by
MEMBERS OF CITY
BOARDS NAMED
BY SCHMITZ.
Police Commissioner.
DR. JOSEPH F. POHEIM.
Public W r orks Commissioner..
EDWARD H. AIGELTINGER.
THOMAS F. EGAN.
School Director.
AARON ALTMANN.
Fire Commissioner.
HENRY M. WREDEN.
Election Commissioner.
A. W. VOORSANGER.
the election of new presidents for the
ensuing; year.
Aigeltinger or Maestretti will be
made president of the Board of Public
Works, succeeding Herbert Schmitz.
President Roncovieri will be honored
by his colleagues with another term at
the head of the Board of Education
and Dr. James W. Ward will continue
as president of the Board of Health.
President Rogers of the Civil Service
Commission is willing to resign a twen
ty months* Incumbency of the honorary
position in favor of Commissioner
George H. Bahrs. who has one year yet
to serve. It is likely that Fire Com
missioner Parry will be elected presi
dent of the Fire Commission, to suc
ceed Boyne. and Election Commissioner
James A. Devoto will take the presi
dency now held by Election Commis
sioner Roberts. No intimation has been
given as to the prospective heads of the
Park and Police commissions, though
Commissioners William J. Dingee and
John A. Drlnkhouse are mentioned In
that connection for the respective pres.
idencies.
NEW POLICE COMMISSIONER.
Of the new appointees Dr. Poheim,
Police Commissioner, has been a mem
ber of the Health Board for one year.
He had Abe Ruef behind him for the
Police Commissionershlp, but his ap
pointment was not finally decided upon
until late Friday night.
Edward H. Aigeltinger, the new Com
missioner of Works, is a well-known
hay and coal merchant of this city. He
was a member of the Board of Super
visors In 1898 and 1899, having been
elected on the Republican ticket by a
large majority, and was chairman ot
the Street Committee during that pe
riod. He Is well qualified, both by ex
perience and natural ability, to fill the
position.
Thomas F. Egan, Commissioner of
Works, waa storekeeper of the Board
of Education before his advancement
to the former post. He is chairman of
tbe Union Labor party county com
Pages 39 to 50
MME. GADSKI
AT HER BEST
IN WAGNER
Madame Gadski surprised even her
most fervent admirers yesterday after
noon. It was her third recital, the pro
gramme all Wagner, and the Alhambra
crowded for the event. The singer that
can sing Wagner can sing anything—
but best. Wagner. And better Wagner
than Gadski's "Immolation Scene"
from the "Gotterdammerung" you will
not hear. It was a brilliantly dramatic
effort, backed up through every range
by a radiant vocal sufficiency. Even
the upper compass, that In the other
concerts wanted power, seemed here to
broaden to the full need. It was a
magnificent triumph of temperament, a
triumph of artistry. A lovely Elsa and
Elizabeth one has always known her;
here she became par excellence the
Brunnhilde, Isolde.
She began with Elizabeth's "Dich,
teure Halle." and one saw her again
in the Wartburg greeting the stately
hall. Followed then the "Elsa'e
Traume," full of moo-nlight and mys
tery—and almost one caught an echo of
Ortrud's sinister chant. I heard Gad
ski first in the "Senta's Ballad"; her
wonderful development was yesterday
hardly anywhere more evident than
here. She gave as encore the "Aus
Meinen Grossen Schmerzen"—as well
sung as on the first night. As
Isolde she sang the "Tristan" studies.
"Traume," "Engel," "Schmerzen" and
"Wiegenlied," the last vociferously en
cored, repeated, and the "Roeslein, Roes
lein," given as encore to that. The scene
from the "Gotterdammerung" closed
the programme,"and this encored, one
left with the immortal cry of Brunn
hilde ringing royally in one's ears.
Mr. Meyrbwitz accompanied as well
as Gadski sang. One hardly missed
the orchestra. He gave also three
solos from the "Walkure," "Tristan
and Isolde," and "Gotterdammerung."
An extra concert for next Sunday
afternoon has been arranged.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Will Hold Annual Election.
The Chamber of Commerce of San
Francisco will hold its annual elec
tion January 10 at its rooms in the
Merchants' Exchange building, 431
Califernia street The following Is the
ticket to be submitted to voters:
President, George A. Newhall; vice
president, C. H. Bentley; second vice
president, William H. Marston; trus
tees, W. J. Dutton, William L. Ger
stle, George D. Gray, Rufus P. Jen
nings, Charles S. Laumeister, William
Matson, H. D. Morton, Thomas Rick
ard, James Rolph Jr.. Henry Rosen
feld. James B. Smith, William R.
Wheeler.
Pictures of Port Arthur.
General Stojessel's heroic defense of Pert
Arthur and the city's Una! capture by the
Japanese make* a moet thrilling chapter In
the world's history. Those who are Interested
in the great struggle in tho Orient will find a
good article In January Sunset Magazine on
•China, the New West.'' written hy Mr. F.
W. r tiger, war correspondent of the Iy>ndon
Times, and illustrated by (our full-page re
productions of photographs taken at Port
Arthur. Many other Interesting news articles.
For sale at all news stands. •
mittee and president of the Marine
; Painters' Union..
The hopes of some of the aspirants
for office were dashed to the ground.
David J. Oliver Jr. was considered for
Civil Service Commissioner, and may
have his ambition gratified when Com
missioner Rogers resigns, as he is ex
pected to do in the latter part of Feb
ruary in order to accompany Con
gressman-elect Hayes to Washington,
D. C, in an advisory capacity. Dr.
George Drucker was a strong candi
date for Police Commissioner, but had
to defer to Dr. Poheim, whom Abe
Ruef championed.40
ORMONDE'S DAUGHTER RUNS GREAT RACE
HONITON WITH W. DAVIS UP
TAKES THE FOLLANSBEE.
Daughter of Ormonde Carries 134
Pounds and Defeats the
Favorite Martinmas.
«
Ananias, Piloted by Bullman, Wins
a Handicap—Travers Incurs
the Judicial Wrath.
Honiton earned the plaudits of the
big half holiday throng at Oakland
track yesterday by shouldering 13*
• pounds and winning the Follansbe
•high' weight handica- in a drive from
•the .favorite Martinmas. It is one of
thejuciest plums which has yet fallen
10 the lot of the splendid daughter of
Ormonde, for, with $2000 added by
the-association, "Packoy" Ryan re
ceives a check for $2520. Perfect
racthg weather prevailed and a light
ning fast track had been prepared for
the' occasion.
indications pointed* to the fact that
Martinmas, with 119 pounds up, was
the public's choice of the nine start
ers for ihe stellar event of the after
noon, which was decided at seven fur
longs. „So great was the rush to
t limb aboard the Henshall sprinter
thai his odds dropped to 9 to 5, while
the price about Honiton went soaring
to, 18 to o." "
HONITON OUT IN FRONT.
The Jennings pair, Tocolaw and
Rpckaway, had third call. W. Davis,
who had the mount on Honiton. ap
parently had orders to go out in front.
.■\D J
(The Leading- Specialist. fl
V J I
Ir- ?
I WILL WAIT FOR MT
FEE UNTIL YOUR
CURE XS COMPLETE
I As Well
Be Well
- UAN'Y MEN ARE LIVING OUT §
('".their years in weakness and misery a
.because half a dozen or so doctors have I
tried to cure them, failed to cure them, I
then told them that they could not be I
cured. Fully seventy-five percent of these I
men I can cure soundly and completely fl
Vy the only truly scientific methods of I
treating men ever devised. I know I
Just what I can ao in every Instance, f.
wi{l accept no case that I cannot cure, I
and as a guarantee of my promises I I
make the offer above. I treat dis- I
ease* of |
Men Only
"WeaKness"
Complete functional activity quickly re
stored by my system of local treat
ment. No tonics, stimulants or electric
belts.
Varicocele
Cure effected In one week by painless
method. No cutting or caustic Per
fect results in every instance.
Contracted Disorders
Both the remedies I use and my meth
ods of application are different from
f the ordinary. Thorough cures in half I
the usual time.
I also treat and cure Spermatorrhoea,
Specific Blood Poison, Hydrocele
Stricture, Piles and all Reflex Ail
ments.
Free
, My pamphlet, "Live AH Tour Tears a
Man," will be mailed, sealed and un
der plain cover, free to all who write.
Consultation free at office or by mall.
I DR. 0. C. JOSLEN |
Corner Market and Kearny Sts. H
Private Entrance, 702 Market Street ■
Hours: Week days, 9 a.m. to 8:30 p.m. «
Sundays. 10 to 1.
(Author of "Hand's System of Handicapping
and Turf Speculator's Guide.")
ROOMS 1-2-3-4. 880 MARKET ST..
Baa Francisco.
Our figures are based strictly on the class
and,form of horses and jockeys as shown In
ACTUAL races—not "Inside information" or
"workouts" —the result being that we obtain
en average of OVER 40 PER CENT OF THE
WINNERS CONTINUOUSLY
Call and investigate us and our methods <v
doing business.
Tumi—S3.oo Daily, 515.00 Weekly or
850.00 Monthly.
REFERENCES—ANY reputable racing man
in .America.
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAXD.
for when Bonner started away first
with Tocolaw he was joined by the
Ryan entry. The *iair raced off clear
of the field, but as the stretch was
reached Tocolaw, cracked and it
looked easy sailing for iioniton. Under
vigorous, handling, Martinm:is now
loomed up as the contender. Kunz
made every effort with him, but to no
avail, Honiton, under a perfect ride,
winning by nearly a length in 1:26%.
Tocolaw disposed of Toledo for third
money.
The one startling surprise of the
aiternoon was the win of Gossiper,
which defeated a clever field at odds
Ot 25 to f. Sir Wilfred and Ananias
were the only successful favorites.
No doubt after his ghastly showing
In the introductory sprint Vesuvian
will be retired. In fact it will be com
pulsory on the part of Walter Jen
nings, for the old horse pulled up on
three legs. He went to the post a 3
to 5 favorite and ran fifth. The Cure,
ridden by Davis and 6 to 1 in the bet
ting, went out in front and was never
headed. Dr. Sherman, at 50 to 1,
tcok the place from Waterspout, a
100 to 1 shot.
GOSSIPER, AN OUTSIDER, WINS.
A six-furlong selling affair for three
year-olds ended in an awful turn over
for the talent. Silverskin, the gray
sprinter from the Brinkworth stable,
looked like a real meilow one and even
money a fair quotation. Despite the
money bet on him the price about Sil
verskin went back in the betting.
Travers, who rode the favorite, made
a kid glove soiree of it and cneaked
h; third. Gossiper, a 25 to 1 shot,
which carried some scattered support
and was piloted by Kunz, made a run
away race of it. Salable finished very
strong on the~ outside, only losing by
a neck. M. A. Powell got away very
badly.
In the two-year-old event, at three
and a half furlongs. Sir Wilfred, the
fast colt from the Cameron string,
turned the tables on the Napa Stock
Farm's Daruma. The victory of Sir
Wilfred last Wednesday was such an
impressive one that he ruled favorite
over the filly. Bullman had the mount
on Daruma, and she easily outfooted
Sir Wilfred to the turn for home. Right
here Jakie Jones, astride the favorite,
won the race. His mount was more than
two lengths to the bad, but Bullman
made a sweeping turn and the first
choice saved three lengths by making
a close cut on the rail. This gave Sir
Wilfred the lead, and in a struggle to
the wire he held the filly safe, winning
by a length. Abe Meyer* again finished
third.
Travers on Nigrette furnished a dis
graceful exhibition, and after opening
up a 3 to 2 favorite for the mile and
a furlong selling run the black mare
finished unplaced; The smart money
went in on Leila, and, permitted to
make her own pace, the Clark entry,
with Greenfield up, registered first, of
course. Davis laid away with Major
Mansir, getting up, however, in time to
nose out Stilicho for the place.
Johnny Schorr's Ananias picked up
110 pounds and John Bullman and made
a runaway race of the mile and fifty
yard handicap. Ishlana finished sec
ond, eight lengths before Venator.
TRACK NOTES.
Vesuvian pulled up in such bad shape
that the turf has probably seen the
last of the once good racehorse. When
the son of St. Andrew cannot finish
one, two, three in a cheap selling race
It is time he was retired.
Piatt, from the Stevens stable, heav
ily played to win the second event,
broke down.
Brinkworth & Co. lost Major Mansir
from the fifth race. The old cam
paigner was claimed for $1925 by George
March, trainer of Vaughan.
An examination of Follow Me, which
ran unplaced in a race on Friday when
a hot favorite, discloses the fact that
the gelding has a sore foot. Judge Pet
tingill says the wound looks as if it
may have been caused by being pricked
when plated. The owners of Follow
Me lost their own money, as did their
friends. If every horse won that was
heavily played and owners-and train
ers were never wrong in their surmises
bookmakers would soon be a memory
of the past.
Walter Jennings will appeal to the
stewards of the Pacific Jockey Club
from the decision of Judge Hamilton of
Los Angeles In awarding "Big Bill"
Knapp, the jockey, to Puerl Wilkerson.
The latter has two or three crabs that
wotddn't make a stew at Port Arthur,
and It seems strange that he must
have a rider under contract. Why does
he require one?
Johnny Schorr's Ananias cut the
coast record for one mile and fifty
yards from 1:42% to 1:42 flat. The
American record of 1:41 1-5 is held by
Haviland, made at Chicago.
Travers rode an Illy judged race on
Silverskin, to say the least, but his ex
hibition on Nigrette waa shameful. The
marc could have gone to the front on
the back stretch, but Travers looked
for an opportunity to get cut off In
stead. It was such a flagrant piece of
criminally bad riding that the judges
decided to restrict the boy's riding in
future to the stable of Dr. Rowell.
Travers* apprentice allowance expires
on the 12th inst., and he can thank his
lucky stars that the officials did not
rule him off the turf. Travers has fur
nished many peculiar-looking rides,
and the horses' odds usually receded in
the betting.
Lagoria * Forbes will sell Edrodun
in the paddock at 1:30 p. m. on Tuesday
to settle up a copartnership.
Clarence Waterhouse of the firm of
Burns & Waterhouse left for Mexico
yesterday. He will be absent for sev
eral weeks.
W. Davis was the only rider to pilot
two winners during the afternoon.
Packey Ryan, owner of Honiton,
said he thought Toledo the horse to
beat before the big race was run.
Horace Egbert's assignment of
weights in the handicap furnished an
Excellent' betting proposition and a
pretty contest.
In defeating Daruma, Sir Wilfred was
forced to nut the California record of
:41% for three and a half furlonga?a
quarter of a second
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Oil KLAND—Saturda;
Jan. 7.
Weather fine.
76W>.
FIRST RACE—Futurity course; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Horse and Owner.
%• %•
%. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
CI.
7077 The Cure. 4 (Brinkworth Co.):103
70.su ;Ur. Sherman a tS. Hoppas). 104
707.'! 'Waterspout, 4 (R. A. Smith). jlOu
03C4 Dundreary, 4 (J. A. Murray 1. 167
7696 j Vesuvian, a <W. B. Jennings)jll2
(7437)iLurene, 0 (Moormead Farm).1107
7022 jHarka, 4 (C. T. Henshall).... | 98
76811 'Tray, a (V. Gilbert) |I(*0
7601 [skip 51c. a (J. Madison) 107
(7077) Mocorito, a (J. Ryan) [168
1 ... 1 h 14 13 12 \XV. Davis..
4 ... 3. % 2 h 2 1 23 IO. Chandler
2 ... 6 % G 1 3h 32 IGreenfleld .
0 ... 21 3 h 4 % 4 1 IH. Michels.
5 ... 5 h 52 01 5h |Bonner ....
9 ... 41 4%51 62 jBell
8 ... 9 7 % 7 1 7 2 J. Kelly...
7 ... 8%81 86 86 J. Jones...
3 ... 7 1 9 9 9 IT. Stewart.
• jMcBride ■ ■■
6 5
25 30
89 166
100 60
7-10 3-4
30 20
50 50
10 80
60 lOO
3 23-5
imc—:24' -, ;49, 1:10%. At post 6 minutes. Off at 2:17. Cure, place, 6-5;, show, 1-2,
Sherman, place lot"show, 3. Waterspout, show, 15. Winner, br. h. by Dr. McBride-
Dls!ike Trained by F. W. Doss. Scratched —Suburban Queen, Joe Frey, Alta G, Mil-
itary, Aunt Polly. Start good for all but Mocorito. Won easily. Second easily. Third
drivlne Winner towroped his field from the start. Long price was laid about Dr.
fermau owing to rider. Waterspout showed improvement. Vesuvian broke down. 'Left.
7690. SECOND RACE —Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Horse and Owner.
:. %•
%•
%. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
7018 ! Gossiper (J. Touhey) I
7077 (Salable (J. Ryan) j
7658 Silverskin (Brinkworth Co.).
7667 8T. A. Powell (G. W. Wilson)
7644 1 Fisher Boy (E. E. Burnett)..
7014 Piatt (Stevens & Son) j
7688 Kstclla J (W. B. Jennings)...
02 1 ... 13 13 12 In
99 3 ... 2 h 32 2 % 22
.08 4 ... 4 1 4 4 3 % 3. %
06 7 ... 6 2 6 % 4 % 4 3
.10 |8 ... 7 7 6 1 6 2
02! 6 ... 31 2 n, 5 2 0 %
99| 2 ... 5 3 6 2 7 7
Kunz
|McBrlde ...
Travers
ITaylor :
IJ. Boyd...
(W. Davis..
|J. Jones
15
6
1
5
100
3
80
20
6
6-5
7
150
3
30
Time— -241.4, : 48H, 1:14. At post % minute. Off at 2:38%. Gossiper, place, 8: •how, -.
Sa'able. place, 8-5; show, 3-5. Silverskin. show. 1-4. Winner, ch. g. by Colonel
Wheeler-Confidante. Trained by F. Merckel. Start good. Won first three driving.
Gossiper was Trncked and showed amazing improvement. Salable ran out or he might
have won. Silverskin received a delicious ride. Powell away from post very poorly.
Piatt broke, down. . ,, *
7691. THIRD RACE—Three and a half
il 2-year-olds; value to first, $325.
(7672)Sir Willred (D. Cameron)
(7060) I Daruma (Naoa Stock Farm).
7072 lAbe Meyer (H. Stover)
7000 F. XV. Barr (Stanflehi & Ellis)
7K72 Solcdad (Napa Stock Farm)..
7SR Avonalis (Del Rio Stable)
7<,72 I.. Catherine (D. Zelinsky)...
Cello (Moormead Farm)
.... Semilune (W. Roche)
7<;»;0 'Kev Route (Blasingame Bros.)
4 ...
8 ...
1 ...
8 ...
5 ...
9 ...
10 ...
6 ...
7 ..t.
2 ...
2 5 11
12 2 4
8 1 8 8
6 1 4 k
4 h 5 r
8 1 6 h
7 % 7 3
9 2 8 h
10 9 2
5 1 10
J. Jones...
Bullman ..
Hoffman ..
Minder
Helgesen • •
F. Sullivan
Kennedy ..
I Bell
I McBrlde ..
1
7-5
8
15
•
60
30
15
30
50
1
7-5
40
20
*
100
100
50
20
100
Time— -24 -41 % At post 1% minutes. Off at 3:05%. Wilfred, place. 1-3; show, out.
Daruma place 1-3; show, out. Meyer, show, 3. Napa Stock Farm entry, place. 1-3;
show out. "CYiur.led with Daruma. Winner, b. c. by Ossary-Plumeria. Trained by
D Cameron. Start good. Won hand ridden. Second driving. Third easily. Daruma
lost race on stretch turn. Jones astrld* winner gained three lengths there by a close
cut. Abe Meyer ran good race. F. XV. Barr will be the candy some day. Avonalis
off poorly. •
7692. FOURTH RACE—Seven furlongs; Follansbee highwelght handicap; 3-year-olds and
up; net value to first $2820, to second $400, to third $200.
Index' Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. %.~%~i %T"Btr. Fln71 Jockey. [""Pp. CI■
7074 iHoniton. 5 (P. Ryan)
7090 !Martinnias, 5 (C. T. Henshall)
7ii32 Tocolaw. 4 (W. B. Jennings)
7646 Toledo. 4 (Gaylord & Co.)...
7<;T4 Manrane, 4 (Magrane & Co.).
7(i7C Judge 4 (J. J. McAlester). ..
7668 Rockaway. 4 (W. B. Jennings)
(7070) Ishtar, 0 (J. Ryan)
7076 lAlbula, a (Lomasney Bros.).
11
3 22 21 In 11 1%
5 3n 4h 3%3%2n
1 1 h 1 n 2 3 2 1 ,3 1
39 9 8 % 5 h 4 3
7 82 5%5h 42 54
2 41 31 41 61 63
6 5 % 6 % 6 1 72 72
4 6% 71 71 82 8%
971819 9 9
W. Davis..
I Kunz,
'Bonnier ...
3 18-5
11-5 9-5
9-2 5
6 7
lo 15
20 20
• *
30 40
20 20
Travers ...
J. Jonea...
H. Michaels
I Bullman ••
[Holbrook ..
Minder ....
Time— :23 :47%. 1:13%. 1:26%. At post 2% minutes. Off at 3:35%. Honlton, place.
6-5- show 1-2. Martinmas, place, 9-10; show. 1-2. Tocolaw, show, 9-10. 'Coupled with
Tocolaw. Winner, br. m. by Qrmonde-Dlbbertiflibbett. Trained by P. Ryan. Scratched
Bombardier. Start good. Won all driving hard. Winner is in great form at present.
Martinmas lacked early speed and was under a drive most of the way. Tocolaw tired.
Toledo came from far back and with better handling would have been a
He was bumped at start.
7093 FIFTH RACE —One and an eighth miles; selling; 4-year-oldB and up; to first. $325.
Horse and Owner.
• %•
%•
%. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
CI.
7* 74 Delia, 4 (C. F. Clark) f
7656 Nigrette, 5 {.XV. B. Jennings).:
7620 I Divina. 6 (El Prlmoro Stable) 1
7670 ICol. Anderson, 0 (McLaughlin)!
7674 |Oro Viva, 5 (Riley & McRae)1
7686 IVaughan, 4 (Mrs. Hertzell). ■ |
7674 Delia. 4 (C. F. Clark) [ 871 6 31 2 % 1 1 1 % 1 l%!Greenfield . 3 6-2
7670 JMaJor Nanaina. (Brinkworth) jl05| 8 8 8 7 161 2na IW. Davis.. 3 .-2
7674 Stme* r, (BAker City t able)'l071 4 73 6 !4Sh 5 1 3 h O. Chandler 12 25
~r<:»; Nigrette, 5 {.XV. B. Jennings); 102' 2 4 % 3 1 3 1 21 44 Travers ... 8-2 2
7020 I Divina 0 (El Prlmoro Stable) 1091 7 5 1 4 % 2 n 3 1 53 J. Jonea .. 5 9
7670 !Col. Anderson. 0 (McLaughlin) |104i 0 6h7 3 4h4h61 |Bell 20 30
7074 >Oro Viva. 5 (Riley & McRae) 102| 1 22 5 % 6 1 71 7 20 IMcBrlde .. 10 15
7686 IVaughan, 4 (Mrs. Hertzell)..| 95| 3 1 n 1 h 8 8 8 ITaylor .... 50 100
Time—-24 :49%. 1:15 1:40%. 1:58%. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:58%. Delia, place, 1;
show '9-2o Mans'lr place, 6-5; show, 1-2. Stilicho, show, 3. Winner ch. m. by Knight
of Ellerslle-Fatlma. Trained by R. A. Smith. Scratched—Mr. Farnum. Horatlus. Start
good Won handily. Next three driving hard. Weight and other conditions suited Delia.
Major Manslr came from far back. Stilicho ran an improved race. Nigrette received
a disgraceful ride. Divina ran a good race under the weight.
3
3
12
3-2
5
20
10
50
6- 2
7- 2
25
2
9
30
15
100
7694
SIXTH RACE—One mile and fifty yards;
handicap; 8-year-olds up;
to first, $500.
Horse and Owner.
%.
%•
%. Str. Fin.
Jockey.
CI.
7040 iAnaniaa, 4 (J. F. Schorr)
7661 jlshlana. 4 (D. A. Ross)....
(7666) I Venator, 5 (H. E. Rowell)
7i"4 Ara 3 (Stevens & Son)
7070 iFreckman, 4 (R. H. Dunn)..
(7664) L. Goodrich, 3 (Applegate)..
7688 I Last Knight, 6 (Lamsney Br.)
7e40 iCloverland, 5 (J. A. Murray).
; 2 12 12 13 1 2%1 2
8 2h32 22 22 28
15 31 2%32 32 32
8 63 4 h 52 53 42
1,4 4 % 5 2 48 41 54
0 62 62 63 64 Oh
178 74747472
1 1 7 h 8 8 8 8
Bullman ..!
6-5
6
3
10
6
20
50
15
8- 5
7
5-2
25
9- 2
30
60
60
McBrlde ..
ITravers ...
J. Kelly ..
J. Jones ..
W. Daly ..
Taylor ....
E. Stewart.
Time -24*4 -48V, 1:13 1:39 V*. 1:42. At post 1% minutes. Off at 4:24*4- Ananias, place,
show 2-6. Ishlaoa. place, 2; show, 1. Venator, show, 1-3. Winner eh. h. by Ocean
View-Veracious. Trained by J. F. Schorr. Start srood. W r on easily. Becond easily.
Third ridden out. Ananlus off sailing and never In trouble. Ishlana ran an excellent
race. Venator cut off on stretch turn. Freckman ran a tame race. Cloverland will bear
watching-.
HYLAND AND NEIL AGREE
UPON TERMS OF BATTLE
Both Men Deiwsit Forfeits and Select
Alex Greggains to Referee
. the Bout.
Frankie Neil and Dick Hyland
agreed upon terms yesterday after
noon for a twenty-round fight. After
a lengthy argument McClintic, Hy
land's manager, finally gave in and
agreed to pit his boy against the for
mer bantam champion at 122 pounds
ringside. Both men seemed willing to
battle for 60 per cent of the gross re
ceipts and to divide the profits 65 and
35 per cent.
The date of the match has been
shifted from the 27th inst. to the 31st
in order to give the boys a chance to
train a few days longer. Both seem
satisfied with 'Alex Greggains as a ref
eree and he has consented to judge
the bout. Each man deposited fIOOO
with Bob Smith as a guarantee for
weight and appearance.
Alex Greggains will probably sign
up Bobby Johnson and Billy Snail
ham for the main preliminary. He
is also trying to match Frank Rafael
and George Herbert for a ten-round
bout as a curtain raiser. There seems
little chance of bringing Berger and
Casey together, as the former insists
he is still an "amateur."
REID AND FOREMAN WIN
FROM MOFFATT AND TICKNER
Interesting Bowling Matches Are
Played in Competition on the
Golden Gate Park Green.
The Scottish bowlers enjoyed a good
afternoon's sport yesterday on the
green in Golden Gate Park. The
rinks were in excellent shape and the
bowlers were at their best The clos
est and most interesting match was a
doubles between John Reid and An
drew Foreman and J. C. Moffatt and
H. L. Tlckner. The latter were consid
ered the strongest team, but were
nosed out by a single point, the score
being 21 to 20 In favor of Reid and
Foreman.
The following games were played:
David Dalzier and J. M. Duncan
beat John T. Dare and William Wat
son, 21 to 14; John Reid and Andrew
Foreman beat J. C. Moffatt and H. L.
Tlckner, 21 to 20; Rev. M. Logan and
Samuel Irving beat G. C. Patterson
and J. M. Forsyth, 21 to 5; Joe Gray
and W. Watson beat J. Duncan and
Rev. Mr. Logan, 21 to 9; James Gray
and J. Stott beat M. L. Crowe and J.
McLachlan, 21 to 7; Reid and T. Mc-
Naught beat Moffatt and Tickner, 21
to 12; Crowe and L. Smith beat A.
Carson and George Bremner, 21 to
16; McLachlan beat R. Park, 21 to 18.
BOY'S RIB BROKEN BT A HORSE.— Jar
den R. Bassett, a boy residing at 407 Powell
street, was knocked down at Jones and Mar
ket streets yesterday by a horse hitched to a
llzht wagon. A rib on his right side was
fractured. He received treatment from Dr.
Carl G. Wilson at ttte -Central Emergency
Hospital.
PRESIDIO GOLFERS HOLD
THEIR ANNUAL MEETING
Captain Oyster Is Re-elected Presi
dent and Will Soon Appoint the
Various Committees.
The annual meeting of members
and election of officers to serve during
the coming twelve months was held
in the clubhouse of the San Francisco
Golf and Country Club adjacent to the
United States military reservation
yesterday afternoon. The nominees
on the regular ticket, as prepared by
the nominating committee, were elect
ed without opnositlon.
The council for the coming year
will be: Captain J. S. Oyster, R. D.
Girvin, R. J. Woods, Dr. J. R. Clark
and S. L. Abbot Jr. The amendments
to the constitution and by-laws were
confirmed, having been signed by the
requisite number of members.
At the first meeting of the council
Captain J. S. Oyster will be chosen
president and R. D. Girvin secretary
treasurer. The president will appoint
green, tournament, house and other
committees.
Hot Springs Racing.
HOT SPRINGS, Jan. 7. —Essex Park
racing results:
First race, three furlongs—Star Line
won, Parvo second, Favorita third.
Time, :37%.
Second race, six furlongs—M. But
tons won, Wild Irishman second, Ari
etta third. Time. 1:13%.
Third race, five and a half furlongs
—Lasso won, Platoon second, Esterre
third. Time. 1:07%.
Fourth race, one mile, the Inaugu
ral. $2500 added —Bill Curtis won,
Canteen second, Jack Young third.
Time, 1:41.
Fifth race, one mils and seventy
yards—Backal won, Florizel second,
Ethics third. Time, 1:45%.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles
—Payne won, Eccentral second, Ben
Hey wood third. Time, 1:54.
Racing at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS'. Jan. 7.—Results
of to-day's racing:
First race, seven* furlongs—Treplan
won, Poseur second, Kleinwood third.
Time, 1:29 3-5. ,
Second race, three and a half fur
longs—Miss Cosette won. Plnta sec
ond, Lady Tarascon v third. Time,
:44 3-5.
Third race, six furlongs—Trapper
won. Invincible second, Major John
son third. Time, 1:14 4-5.
Fourth race, one and a half miles,
Jackson handicap — Brooklyn won.
Garnish second, Lady Fonse third.
Time, 2:38 3-5.
' Fifth race, seven furlongs—St. Tam
many won, Montebank second, Troo
sachs third. Time, 1:29 3-5.
Sixth rage, one and three-sixteenths
miles-—Joe Lesser won, Faleran sec
ond, Italine third. Time, 2:04.
A woman may ask if her hat is on
straight, but never her complexion.
FIST FINISHES
IN PONY RACES
Cacahaute Leads Morning
Glory Half a Length to
Wire in a Pretty Race]
SPEEDY BECKY BEATEN
Surprise Is Sprung When
F. J. Carolan Comes Home
First on Fanny Anderson
A smart assemblage gathered at C.
W. Clark's private track at San Mateo
yesterday afternoon to witness Cali
fornia's fleetest ponies match their
strides in six exciting events. The
weather was a bit crisp and was all
that could be desired. The track was
in splendid shape, and the time was
fast. The fifth race on the card, the
one mile event, stands out as the con
test of the day. Frank Skinner, sport
ing the colors of Rudolph Spreckels,
piloted Cacahaute home half a length
before R. M. Tobin on C. W. Clark's
Morning Glory.
A prettier race between little horses
was never decided on any track. Five
were entered originally, but the bal
ance, including F. J. Carolan's Fusi
lade, had been scratched, leaving but
two to compete. The betting was live
ly, with odds about even, and when
the pair started a ripple of applause
went up, for every one was aware that
a contest worth viewing was to be
waged.
Mr. Tobin took the lead In the first
Quarter, with Frank Skinner in close
attendance. At the half-mile post they
were riding: neck and necic. There was
no change at the three-quarter station,
and when they thundered down the
stretch it looked like a dead heat. In
the final few yards Morning Glory tired
a bit, and Skinner gave Cacahaute the
whip. The latter gained steadily at
the critical moment and beat his game
opponent half a length under the wire.
The 3ensation of the day developed
in the second race, when Fanny An
derson, the Denver pony, made the
spectators open wide their eyes by fin
ishing a length in front of Rudolph
Spreekels' Becky, which every one
thought the surest winner of the day.
Francis J. Carolan rode the winner
cleverly, and she had the race well in
hand throughout. Becky got into the
going too late, as at the finish she was
fast closing in on the victor.
The fourth event went to Alvemie
in a hard drive, with Queen Rucker and
Althcmer following close at her heels.
Frank Skinner, on Lady Gay, was left
at the post to the dismay of his ad
mirers. Starter Havey experienced
much difficulty in getting the field
away, and Lady Gay was not In the
best of temper.
W. S. Hobart's Marigold, with Char
ley Dunphy as pilot, brought home the
money in the last event. Silver Dick
did not face the starter during the day.
Following are the day's results:
Three-eighths of a mile.
Rudolph Spreckels' Hopeful 158 (C. Dun
phy) 1
Rudolph Spreckels' Don, 165 (Skinner) 2
W. D. Pedley's Carlotta, 155 (R. Dunphy).. 3
Time, :38.
Three-sixteenths of a mile.
I* c. Williams' Fanny Anderson. 166 (F. J.
Carolan) 1
Rudolph Spreckels' Becky. 160 (Skinner) 2
C. W. Clark's Silver Queen, 136 (C. Dunphy) 3
Time, :18V*.
Mary Alleen and Cakewalk also ran.
Five furlongs.
C. W Clark's Bas Blancs, 160 (C. Dunphy).. 1
C. W. Clark's Chanate 144 (Clagstone) 2
F J. Carolan's Fueilade, 163 (Carolan) 3
Time, 1:06.
Carlotta and Honoma also ran.
One-quarter mile.
C W. Clark's Alvernle. 185 (C. Dunphy)... 1
W E. Pedley's Queen Rucker. 125 (R Dun
phy) 2
Rudolph Spreckels' Althomer. 135 (H. Wal
ter) 3
Time, :25%.
Lady Gay left at the post. Mary Alleen also
ran.
One mile.
Rudolph Spreckels' Cacahaute. 148 (Skinner) 1
C. W Clark's Morning Glory. 150 (R. M.
Tobln) - 2
Time. 1:62.
Two starters.
Three-eighths of a mile.
W S. Hobart's Marigold. 150 (C. Dunphy).. 1
Rudolph Spreckels' Brown Peggy, 150 (Skin
ner) 2
T 3. Grace's Maudie Swift, 150 (Grace).... 3
Time, :37%.
Queen Rucker and Sister also ran.
Fisher Signs Fitzpatrick.
Mike Fisher has signed Fireman
Tom Fitzpatrlck as a member of his
pitching staff for next season. Fitz's
arm is in great form,* as he has been
giving it lots of practice within the
last few months. Fits was one of Un
cle Hank's best box artists four years
ago. when he quit baseball to become
a fire fighter. He pitched several
great games for the department team
within the last year. He will leave
with the Tigers for Fresno as soon as
the bugle sounds for practice.
S RHEUMATISM ©
A few years ago I was taken with in- For over four years I suffered intensely WK\s\*m*
flammatory Rheumatism, which, though with Sciatic Rheumatism. Thgßheuma- IBSbET^^BSBk
mild at first, became gradually so intense tism first troubled me in my hip, then MgSmmfS^M
that I was for weeks unable to walk. I spread to my shoulders, head and finally
tried several prominent physicians and all over my body. I became such an in-
took their treatment faithfully, but waa valid that neither my family nor friends
unable to get the slightest relief. In fact, thought it possible for me to survive long. I nad tried so many
my condition seemed to grow worse, the pains spread over prescriptions given me by physicians (which contained a great
my entire body, and from November to March I suffered deal of potash) that my stomach was ruined and there seemed
agony. I tried many patent medicines but none relieved me. ao ht>pe for recovery. I had been reading in the newspapers
Upon the advice of a friend I decided to try S. S. S. Before c f s. S. S. and decided to try it, and to my joy commenced to
allowing me to take it, however, my guardian, who was a g C t relief before the second bottle was gone. After cotnplet
chemist, analyzed the remedy and pronounced it free of pot- m g g ve bottles I was an entirely different man, and felt that
ash or mercury. I felt ao much better after taking two bot- t had a new leaae on life. The cure in my case has been so
ties, that I continued the remedy, and in two months I waa wonderful that I shall tell every one of it. S. S. S. not only
cured completely. The cure was permanent, for I have never cured my Rheumatism, but also put my system generally in
since had a touch of Rheumatism, though many times ex- excellent condition. I have a good appetite, sleep well and
posed to damp and cold weather. once more enjoy life. _
58 Cliff St., Roxbury, Mas*. Mrs. Bxranor T. Jonks. Mt . sterling, Ky. *• M 
RHEUMATISM comes from poor digestion, stomach troubles, torpid liver, weak kidneys ajreneral
sluggish condition of the system. Food souring in the stomach poisons the blood—it becomes too acid. The
liver and kidneys fail to act properly, and the circulation is clogged with impure matter and burning acrid fluids
which penetrate and saturate the bones and muscles, joints and nerves, producing the terrible pains and aches and
other disagreeable symptoms of Rheumatism. As it originates in the blood and affects the whole system, it will not
S ._ -do to depend on liniments and other external remedies. Such treatment is help-
MmSmm dm & ful ' but the blood must be restored to a pure, healthy state before the cure is per-
llkL™ manent. When S. S. S. ha* driven out the impurities and built up the thin, acrid
blood and stimulated the sluggish organs to better action, the cure is thorough and
lasting. The feverish, excited nerves then are soothed and the muscles relieved of
mmn&W nßf the torturing tension, and the whole system is restored to its former healthy state.
m WmW r s. S. S. contains no potash or alkalies, but is guaranteed purely vegetable. Our
Special book on Rheumatism will be mailed free to all desiring it. Our physicians will cheerfully answer all letters
asking for special information or advice, for which no charge is made.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY. ATLANTA, GA.
BETTORS HIT
BOOKIES HARD
One Pteneiler at Ascot Park
Pays Out $12,000 When
Oxford Wins Handicap
KENILWORTH IN FORM
Brown Son of Sir Modred
Leads Out Luckett and
Felipe Lugo Cleverly
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 7.—Every win
ning horse at Ascot to-day was played
to an almost unlimited extent and, al
though favorites were not generally
successful, the books suffered a terrific
blow. One of them, which had laid the
highest price against Oxford, winner of
the Pasadena handicap, quit bu f
after this race, having paid out *12,00u
on the winner. The same book suffered
severely when Tim Hurst won the last
race yesterday, and being hard hit in
the first, second and third races to
day, decided to quit business.
The Pasadena handicap was the fea
ture of the day's card. Fossil was
made favorite with Oxford a strong
second choice. Oxford won handily
from Heather Honey, with Ethylene
third. Kenilworth, favorite for the
fourth race, scored another victory over
Luckett and Felipe Lugo in 1:13% for
six furlongs. Although Needful was
the favorite in the fifth race, the pub
lic played Helgerson as if it were all
over at odds of 3 to 1. Helgerson won,
without urging from Invictus. Need
ful failed to finish within the money.
carried an immense sum of
money in the last race and won easily.
W.E. Dunn, director, and J W. Brooks,
manager of Ascot, left for San Francis
co to-night to attend the meeting of
the Pacific Coast Jockey Club next
Monday, when dates will be assigned
for the various tracks that are mem
bers of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club.
It was stated that one of the chief ob
jects of the Los Angeles magnates
would be to oppose any track that con
templated running a meeting with syn
dicate betting. Weather clear; track
fast. Summary:
First race, selling, Slauson course —
Edinborough, 105 (Herbert), 4 to 1.
won; Ben Lear, 107 (Anderson), 2 to 1,
second; Durbar, 105 (McDaniel), 6 to 1,
third. Time, 1:09%. Happy Chappy,
Del Coronado, Bailey, Fox Lake, TJlct
ma, Estrellado, Pilon and Leonado also
ran.
Second race, five and a half furlongs
—Capitanazo, 112 (Dugan), 2 to 1, won;
Sandstone, 97 (Hennessey), 10 to 1, sec
ond; Hilona, 104 (McDaniel), 10 to 1,
third. Time, 1:07. Whitestone, Witch
Hazel and Belle Kinney also ran.
Third race, Pasadena handicap, one
mile and a furlong—Oxford, 94 (Mc-
Daniel), 3 tol, won; Heather Honey, 85
(Moriarity), 10 to 1, second; Ethylene,
106 (Booker), Bto 1, third Time, 1:53%.
Flo Bob, Sais, Schoolmate, Fossil and
Sheriff Bell also ran.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Kenil
worth, 106 (Herbert), 8 to 5, won;
Luckett. 108 (Rennecamp), 3 to 1, sec
ond; Felipe Lugo, 103 (Walsh), 9 to 2,
third. Time. 1:13%. Laura F. M., Tra
motor and Tyrolian also ran.
Fifth race, selling, Brooks course—
Helgerson, 96 (Perrine), 3 to 1, won;
Invictus, 101 (Herbert), 6 to L second;
Iras, 91 (Wood), 7 to 1, third. Time,
2:03%. Laureates, Phyz, Erne, Flora
Bright, No Friend and Needful also
ran.
Sixth race, selling, one mile—Akela,
111 (Fuller), even, won; Maggie
Mackey, 87 (McDaniel), 5 to 1, second;
Garvice, 92 (Moriarity). 25 to 1. third.
Time, 1:42. Varro, Lena Leford, Belle
Dixon, Huapala, Foxy Grandpa, Past
master, Dug Martin and The Gadfly
also ran.
Dolphin Club Holds Banquet.
The Dolphin Swimming and Boat
ing Club held its annual banquet and
installation of officers last night A.
P. Rothkopf acted as toastmaster and
J. B. Keenan as installing officer. Fol
lowing are the newly installed officers
of the club: President, T. J. Kennedy;
vice president, J. J. Cronin; recording
secretary, A. A. Bertrand; financial
secretary, F. C. Staib; treasurer, A. L.
Schuppert; captain, Val Kehrlein;
lieutenant captain, C. M. Farrell; ex
ecutive committee, W. F. Harris and
S. P. Vlcini; sergeant at arms, E. W.
Barthold; board of directors, R. H.
Ohea, W. A. Remensperger and Frank
Curry; delegates to P. A. A., A. P.
Rothkopf, W. O. Patch and A. W.
Pape; delegates to P. A. A. 0., H. K.
McKevitt, Thomas Dixon and W. F.
Harris.
HIS LN SAN ITT DODGE FAILED.— John
Conway, employed in the International Hotel,
Is accused of stealing a purse belonging to a
lady guest of the house. He pleaded insanity.
Superior Judge Graham yesterday beard the
prisoner rehearse his story and ordered him
sent back to the City Prison.
SCRATCH TEAMS
TAKE TROPHY
Fast Playing of Miss Myer
and Miss Vodden Allows
Them to Annex New Cups
GAMES ABE ALL CLOSE
Members of Juvenile Club
Take Part in Six Continu
ous Tournament Matches
The new three-time tennis cups com
peted for for the first time on the
Golden Gate Park courts yesterday
were won by Miss Anabelle Vodden
and Miss Golda Myer, playing from
scratch. In the finals they met Misa
Dorothy Weed and Miss Sorita Van
Vleit, another scratch team. This
match went the full three seta. The
losers won the first set Quite easily
by a 6—3 score, but Miss Crocker and
Miss Myer played a good up-hill game
and won the second and third sets.
The handicapping was exceptionally
well done, as the scores show. Miss
Wegener and Miss Watson and Misa
Jones and Miss Worcester, the two
most heavily handicapped teams, had
several close matches and were beaten
after a hard fight.
The closest match of the day waa
that between Miss E. Hess and Misa
Vera Beyfuss and Miss Wegener and
Mrs. Watson. The former received
odds of "3-6," while their opponents
"owed 15 3-6." The odds were large,
but Miss Wegener and Mrs. Watson
managed to win out. The first set
went to the winners by a 12—10 score.
Miss Beyfuss and Miss Hess won the
second set easily, but lost the third
6—4.
Miss Vodden and Miss Myer had
their hardest match in the first round.
They received owe odds of "15 3-6" and
after losing the first set pulled out the
next two and won with nothing to
spare.
Both semi-final matches went in
straight sets, but they were close. The
scores follow:
Miss Anabelle Vodden and Miss
Golda Myer (scratch), beat Miss E.
Jones and Miss Worcester (owe 15 3-6),
3—6, 7—5, 6—4; Mrs. Watson and Miss
Lulu Wegener (owe 15 3-6), beat Miss
Vera Beyfuss and Miss E. Hess (3-6),
12—10, 2—B, 6—4; Miss Sarita Van
Vliet and Miss D. Weed (scratch), beat
Miss G. Saylor and Miss E. Noble
(15), 6-4, 6—4.
Semi-finals—Miss Vodden and Miss
Myer beat Miss Wegener and Mrs.
Watson, 6—2; Miss Weed and
Miss Van Vliet beat Miss Mearns and
Miss (owe 3-6), 6—4, 7—5.
Finals—Miss Vodden and Miss Myer
beat Miss Weed and Miss Van Vliet,
3—6, 6—2, 6—4.
Six continuous tournament matches
were played by the boyß at the park,
two matches in each class. In the
first class H. Getz (1) beat R. Strachan
(2), 2—6, 6—4. 7—5, and M. McLough
lin (4) beat R. Strachan (2). 2—6, 6—4,
6—3. In the second class H. Lang (8)
beat V. Butler (6), 6—4, 6—4, and J.
Strachan (3) beat H. Riordan (2), 6—o.
6—l. In the third class R. Reigel (It)
beat G. Maundrell (11), B—6, 7—5, and
T. Stewart (3) beat R. Smith (2), B—6,
6—l.
Some good practice matches were
played on the California Club courts,
most of which were doubles. Herbert
Long and George Janes were too
strong for Harry Rolfe and Sidney
Salisbury and beat them three straight
Bets.
Another good double was a one-set
match between Dr. Hill and Harry
Rolfe and Dr. Hardy and Albert Ken
yon. The former won by a small mar
gin. The scores follow:
Herbert Long and George Janes beat
Harry Rolfe and Sidney Salisbury
6-4, 6—3, 6—2, 6—4; William John
son tied H. Spring, 6—i, 3—6; Dr.
Younger and Arthur Chesebrough beat
Moulten Warner and Albert Kenyon,
6—4, 3—6, 6—2: Harry Sullivan and
Dr. Noble beat Johnson and Spring.
6—3, B—6; Harold Gabriel and Duval
Moore beat W. Blanchard and T. Black
6—o; George Janes beat Herbert Long,
6—l, o—6, 6—i; Harry Rolfe and Dr.
Hill beat Dr. Sumner Hardy and Ken
yon, 7—5; Carl Gardner beat W. G.
Knowlton, 9—4, 6—3, 6—2, 6—4; Gabriel
beat Moore, 9—S, 5—6; Gus Llsser beat
H. Ersklne. 7—5.
Lee Held to Asnwer.
After argument by counsel yester
day forenoon United States Commis
sioner Heacock held Le Roy Lee to
answer before the Grand Jury on the
charge of having passed a raised Unit
ed States note on Mrs. A. J. Vallade.
keeper of a delicatessen store at 114%
Sixth street. Lee's bonds were fixed
at $1500. The bonds were furnished
by A. H. Vail and J. B. Redington
and the prisoner was released.AUCTION SALES
FIRE SALE,
DON'T POEGST. This ia your chance
to buy BIGH-OHADH VEHICLES—
BROUGHAMS, HACKS, STTHRXES,
WAGOHS, CARTS. SOSB&, HAJKNESS—
ajs it's
AT LESS THAW HBBI COST QT
I£A2TXTTA UTUJKE, aft
O'BRIEN & SONS'
CARRIAGE EACTORY,
COHNER GOLDEN OATH AVEHTJH
ARE FOLK STREET, During Hebuilding.
AT AUCTION.
• r MONDAY, Jan. 9. at 11 o'clock, at the TS
ERN kTIONAL HORSE MARKET, 12TH and
HARRISON STS. By order of H. C. Reckart
1 will sell *0 head of well-broken heavy
.Iraft h-vrsws and mules, direct from bis
ranch. This stock is in rood oottdltlon. out
of hard work and must and will be sold. Also
£0 he*i of unbroken ranee horses,
S. W ATKINS. Anctioneer,
AT AUCTION
On TUHEDAY, Jan. 10, at U o'clock, at the
PIONEER STABLES, SOS Montgomery street.
] will sell SO head of HEAVY DRAFT
HORSES, from 8 to 10 years old wnd welshing
f-om ISOO to 1800. This Is a choice lot of
r \TT DRAFT HORSES, direot from the
" .-xmtry. I will also sell a BAT PA CINQ
FILLY sired by Eros, oat of Lolo C, the dam
of Gertie A. The ahore stock will positively
be sold to the highest bidder.
y S. WATKXNS, Anctloneer.
To cloee out my stock of THTRTT
SEVEN "WORK AND DRIVINO
HORSES, four surreys, four top buggies, three
carts, twelve road and business buggies and
Thirty sets of single and double harness. I will
sell at 1140 FOLSOM ST. TUESDAY, Jan. 10,
at 11 a. m. WILLIAM CLOUGH, Auctioneer.
TIDAL WAVES
FLOOD TOWNS
Enormous Loss on the East
Coast of England Follows
a Sudden Rise of the Ocean
LONDON, Jan. 7.—A tidal flood on
the east coast this morning caused an
enormous amount of damage at water
ing places from Scarborough as far
south as Dover. Eight hundred feet
of the pier at Scarborough, which cost
$175,000, were swept away, and the
promenades on the sea front were
* broken up. Nearly- all parts of the
town of Yarmouth were inundated,
hundreds of houses were flooded and
the inhabitants were obliged to vacate
the ground floors. The esplanade and
each gardens were swept bare. Big*
blocks of concrete were tossed about,
v recking everything they came in con
tact with.
Similar destruction was caused else
°where. Sea.wails were washed away
and waves swept over adjoining es
rl>l»nsdes, destroying numerous costly
permanent attractions, inundating
houses', churches and stores and caus
iiig immense looses both to corpora
tions and individuals.
BERLIN, Jan. 7. —A storm that is
I raging on the north coast of Germany
■equals in intesity the one of a week
i ago, but shore lands are even deeper
inundated by the inrushing waters
from the sea. The flood threatens to
destroy the protected dyke near the
mouth of the River Elbe and large dc
i. > hm'ents from the neighboring garri
sona are at work strengthening it. The
damage already done is heavy.
Shipping generally was warned of
I the approach of the storm. At Cux
huven the Hamburg-American line
• Ktf-amship Pennsylvania was unable to
lake on board passengers destined for
New York. The lightship at this place
was'torn loose from its anchorage and
• i riven to sea and the Norwegian bark
Trey was sunk. As yet no deaths have
been reported.
HENEY'S APPOINTMENT
TO BE ANNOUNCED MONDAY
United States Judge Bellinger Will
Name Him to Succeed At
torney Hall.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 7.—Francis
J. Heney, it is announced, will be ap
pointed United States District Attor
ney to succeed John H. Hall when
the United States District Court meets
Monday.
The announcement of Heney's im
pending apointment to the vacant
place shows that President Roosevelt
;<ud the administration is earnestly
Lack of the land fraud investigations
now under way and that nothing will
be allowed to stand in the path of the
Government's case and of Justice.
The appointment, it is understood,
will be made by Judge Bellinger upon
the direct suggestion of Attorney Gen
eral Moody and with the sanction of
the President. It will be of indeter
° minate length, expiring at the pleas
ure of the President, but it Is the sup
, position that Heney's tenure of office
'■ will last in proportion to the length of
the land fraud investigations now in
progress and perhaps to the length of
ihe trials resultant from them.
San Franciscan Honored.
BOSTON, Jan. 7.—The national con
" x -nt'ion of the Zeta Psi Fraternity to
day elected 9-s president W. B. Cobb
• f Maine. Frank During of San Fran
• isco was chosen vice president.
j
Weak Men and
Rupture Cured.
. Our perfected
vacuum treatment
If 3 A&*>SLVZijdr vvi " Q,u!ckly DK
\n r XS&zsrtt velop new
'S*Jfi» IrSryO LIFE AND EN-
ArJßfeflf FI-L L V RE-
W .vWfIL SSO? STORE THE
5 c VIGOR OF
> -Ot TH. It le the
;lai n ,f"- cJB*SiO = only positive means
fgi SQUARE &m& a known which will
l'lllAsa'.T.l.-IJnsM J fully enlarge and
aAVW*A«sWa*lM»*nm • completely develop
'.lie organs. Used with our Soluble Medicated
UPCTMPAL MCDX At lO>M b
Urethral Crayons, aulckly cures all drains and
discharges. Varicocele, Stricture, Premature
I/ecay, Enlargement of Prostate Gland, -etc.
Special cure for RUPTURE j no knife, no de
lay from work. Guarantee perfect cure.
Money left in hank. Our physicians are
well known to bt experienced and strictly re
liable specialists and care Rapture and ail
<'.!seases of men only by modern methods. Call
fo* free examination and full details ot our
« special curt for Rapture.
We want alto especially every weak or un
developed man to call or write for our most ln
pttuctlve 100-page illustrated book. It fully ex
plains the action of cur remarkable Vacuum
nr.d Crayon treatment. We have the most
tuccesvfu! home cure in the world. We give
treatment on lO days' trial and ap
proval. Book tent securely sealed, free.
Every man should read it t Call or write to
day. Hours oto S. Sundays. 11 to 1. VACUUM
APPLIANCE CO., « O'FarreU street.
DESPERATE MAN
LANDS IN JAIL
John Umland, a Bartender,
Frustrates Plan of Bold
Burglar in Plucky Manner
THIEF TEIES TO SHOOT
Pistol Hangs Fire and Pur
suer Grapples With Thug
and Soon Overpowers Him
A shrewdly planned robbery waa
frustrated yesterday by John Umland,
a bartender employed by Claus Tiede
mann, a grocer at Polk and Turk
streets. I'm land broke open a door be
hind which the robber had bolted him,
and, though a pistol was snapped at
him by the thug, the plucky bartender j
followed the fellow along Polk street.
Dodging under the weapon, Umland '
grappled with the robber. Dr. Charles
Flury went to the bartender's assist
ance and the two held the thug until
the arrival of Policeman Cracke. At
the City Hall station the thug gave the
name of John Archer.
Archer's plan was a clever one, and
would have been successful but for the
persistence of Umland. Archer entered
the barroom in the rear of the grocery
and strolled quietly into the lavatory.
"Say," called he, "this place is flooded."
Umland hurried Into the lavatory to
investigate. The instant he entered
Archer darted out and bolted the bar
tender in. The robber then went to the
cash register and wrenched open the
drawer. Umland threw his whole
weight against the door and burst it
open before Archer had time to secure
the $200 In the register. The robber
fled and the bartender followed, raising
the crys»f "Stop thief!"
Umland gained upon 1 the thug, who
suddenly halted and pointed a pistol
at him. The trigger snapped, but the
cartridge did not explode. Before
Archer had time to try another shot
Umland grappled with him and the pair
fell to the pavement. Then it was that
Dr. Charges Flury went to Umland's
assistance, and the pair had Archer
beaten into submission by the time
Policeman Cracke arrived.
Archer was charged with burglary
and assault with a deadly weapon. He
admitted trying to rob the place, say
ing that he was penniless and des
perate.
C. Terry, who was near the store
when the robbery was attempted, says
that he saw a man watching on the
outside while Archer was within. The
police are looking for this man, whom
they believe was a confederate of the
thug. The manner of executing the
attempted robbery shows that it was
carefully planned.
EMIGRANT INSPECTION
LAWS ARE DISCUSSED
Steamship and Railway Men Hold an
Important Conference In
New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.—Committees
from the principal Atlantic steamship
lines and the important railway lines
affected met here to-day to consider
alleged abuses of the emigrant inspec
tion laws, as far as they relate to the
examination of persons passing
through this country en route to Eu
rope. These committees claim, ac
cording to a statement made to-day,
that Federal Inspectors of the Depart
j ment of Commerce and Labor by an
j unnecessarily rigid and Searching ex
; amination of these persons are so an
| ncying and intimidating to such cmi
' grants as to cause them to take
steamships from Canadian rather than
American ports.
It was said that one result of to
day's meeting probably would be an
application to Secretary Metcalf of the
Department of Commerce and Labor
asking that he issue to the department
inspectors such instructions as will
bring about a change in their methods
and do away with the alleged annoy
ance to emigrants.
DECLARES THE CONTRACTS
WILL BE PAID IN FULL
Manager of "Get-Rich-Quick" Com
pany. Accused of Embezzlement,
1 , Says Funds Are Intact.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 7.—0. J. Watkins,
manager of the San Jose Mercantile
Company, who was arrested in San
Francisco yesterday, was brought here
tc-day to answer to a charge of em
bezzlement. He is accused of having
misapporpirated $5000 belonging to
contract-holders of the company. In
lieu of $10,000 bonds Watkins was
compelled to go to Jail. His examina
tion was set for January 14. The com
plaint of embezzlement was made by
Joseph A. Cottle? an orchardist, resid
ing near this city.
The company is believed to have no
assets, as the fixtures and carpets in
the office have been mortgaged. Eighty
per cent of the receipts of the com
pany were supposed to have gone into
! a redemption fund. Watkins declares
j the contracts will be paid in full, but
i that none of them are yet due, as the
company has been running only twen
ty six weeks and contracts do not ma
ture for eighty weeks. He says the re
demption fund is intact.
MIDSHIPMAN ARRAIGNED
FOR BEATING A BOY
Annapolis Cadet May Be Released on
Ground That Victim was
a Thief.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 7.—Rich
ard Mann, a midshipman in the Unit
ed States Naval Academy at Annapo
lis, was held in $300 bail for a fur
ther hearing by a magistrate here to
day, charged with assault and battery.
Mann ,came here last November
with a battalion of midshipmen to at
tend the army and navy football
game. According to the story told to
the magistrate, John Lyons, aged 11
years, of this city, grabbed Mann's
megaphone and ran off with it, Mann,
it is asserted, gave chase and when he
caught the fugitive a scuffle ensued,
during which Lyons was kicked and
severely injured. He was a patient in
the University Hospital until yester
day.
Mann was brought from Annapolis
and Lyons appeared against him "to
day. The magistrate expressed the
opinion that any person had the right
to pursue a thief, but he continued the
case In order to give Lyons an oppor
tunity to show, if possible, that the as
sault upon him was unlawful.
Seas Prevent a Rescue.
LONDON, Jan. 7.—The British
steamship Emma, Captain Martin,
from Galveston via Norfolk and Rot
terdam, before reported ashore at
Nieuwewaterweg, Is full of water.
Neither the lifeboat nor the tug: can
communicate with her, owing, to the
heavy sea.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905.
SON SENDS HIM
TO IN ASYLUM
Brodie S. Duke, Millionaire,
Committed to Sanitarium
Because of a Marriage
SEQUEL TO ROMANCE
Woman Member of an In
* vest ment Firm Is Bride
Whom Eelatives Oppose
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.—A man said to
be Brodie S. Duke, 58 years of age, was
taken from the psychopathic ward of
Bellevue Hospital to-night by central
office detectives and transferred to a
private sanitarium. Duke was admit
ted to the hosyital on Friday night,
having been committed by Justice
Wyatt. The complainant is said to
have been a son of Duke. Among the
effects in Duke's possession when he
was received at the hospital is said to
have been $40,000 in bonds. It was re>
ported that the property clerk of the
hospital was summuned to appear to
day before the Grand Jury with the ef
fects found in Duke's possession, and
he did so.
According to the hospital record of
the case, William Lindsey. former Sen
ator from Kentucky, was given as
Duke's lawyer. District Attorney
Jerome said he knew nothing about the
case or any connection with the Grand
Jury, but it is alleged the Bellevue Hos
pital property clerk took to Jerome's
office to-day $40,000 in stocks and bonds
of various enterprises in Durham, N.
C, and three notes for $5000 each,
signed by Brodie S. Duke, and in favor
of Alice Webb. The notes were dated
December 15 and were to mature in
two, three and five months, respec
tively.
Alice Webb is said by the manage
ment of a hotel where she stays while
in town, to be a member of the firm of
Taylor, Webb & Co., an investment
concern with offices in Chicago.
W. E. Shepherd, a hotel detective,
said that Brodie S. Duke became a
guest in the Park-avenue Hotel late
in October and that about two weeks
ago Duke and Miss Webb were mar
ried by one of Rev. Dr. Charles H.
Parkhurst'B assistants. It is because
of this marriage that Duke's son has
caused him to be placed in a sanita
rium.
Duke is said to be a millionaire and
to own much property in California.
HOUSE WHERE NAPOLEON
WAS BORN IS ROBBED
Daring Burglars Carry Off Historic
Relics, Statuary and Several
Valuable Pictures.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1905, by the New Tork
Herald Publishing Company.
AJACCIO. Corsica, Jan. 7.—The
house where Napoleon was born,
which is visited yearly by thousands
of patriotic pilgrims, has been broken
into by burglars, who, without re
spect for the shade of the great war
rior, carried off the historic bust of
Victor of Wagram and also the bust
of the Prince Imperial by Carpeaux.
besides several valuable pictures and
historic jewels. The police are mak
ing a strict search for the thieves.
Passengers landing by steamboat
from Corsica at Marseilles were
searched, but no trace of the relics
was found.
INVESTORS NOW ASSERT
THAT THEY WERE DUPED
Marin County Grand Jury Investigates
an Alleged "Get-Rich-Quick" Con
cern of San Francisco.
' SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 7.—The of
ficers of the Royal Mercantile Com
pany, an alleged ' "get-rich-quick"
concern of San Francisco, were ex
amined to-day by the Grand Jury on
a charge of having fraudulently ob
tained about $2000 from eight or ten
of Marin County's confiding citizens.
The operations of the company were
simple. Every Investor who made
eighty weekly payments of $1 25 each
was promised $200 at the end of the
eightieth payment. Fifty-two pay
ments were made and the company
went into the hands of a receiver. The
books show that the company has
$17 50 in the treasury, while contracts
amounting to more than $20,000 are
outstanding. »
The Grand Jury devoted all day to
the investigation and adjourned until
the 18th inst., at which time the in
quiry will be concluded.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cne of the Best-Known Sea Captains Mak'n; the Port of San Francisco
Tells of His Quick Cure by the
Electro-Chemic Treatment!
BKKBBtiBKK£U& Captain Est void "Some time ago, on
'•'l my vessel, I injured my right knee. A lump
'. ■ ' j began to form about the knee Joint and the
Joint became stiffened. After that had gone
j m for a while I began to be affected In dlf
• \'' ferent parts of my limbs with rheumatic pains.
< JHT \ j*W These were qulto severe in both my hips and
•' \ across the small of my back. My blood was In
smmmi* i a very ba(l condition and the general elrcula-
Lsr sKs* ' tlon was evidently bad, because at times some
Mt "*" ; ; 'T of my fingers would become suit and have a
' ' kmd ot * vd ** d feeling, which was very un-
MM wLmmmWLmm pleasant. These symptoms lam sure were the
result of bad blood and poor circulation.
this condition up the Electro-Chemic
?'* . m\mm*WL%wl* treatment and in about one month's time I
vi^S^ s have been perfectly cured. My rheumatism is
a " B° ne an d the lump on the knee is gone and
W m^L^m^m^m^m Wfk^fj^ m^ BwWp there Is every evidence that the blood is now
circulating normally. that this a
PLSI PJfl ■ to such a short
■ ■ a small for that
it my duty to make this
statement of my the Electro-Chemlc
treatment. I will surely recommend to my
friends hereby recommend to all suf-
CAPTAIN SAMUEL. BSTVOLD, 332% Ritch "(Signed) SAMUEL. ESTVOLD.
Street. San Francisco, Cal. "032% Ritch St., San Francisco, Cal."
FREE CONSULTATION
* * V EXAMINATION
All sufferers are given a cordial invitation to call at the Electro-Chemic Institute, 118
Grant aye.. for a thorough Electro-Chemlc examination, free of charge. Electro-chemistry la
the most scientific and the rtost successful treatment in use for the cure of CONSUMPTION,
CATARRH, ASTHMA, BRONCHITIS, DEAFNESS. RINGING EARS, CANCERS, TUMORS,
ECZEMA, BLOOD POISON, SKIN DISEASE, RHEUMATISM, NEURALGIA, LOCOMOTOR
ATAXIA, PARALYSIS. SPECIAL. DISEASES OF WOMEN — IRREGULARITIES. DIS
PLACEMENTS. PAINFUL PERIODS, WEAK BACKS, DIZZINESS, FAINTING SPELDS,
OVARIAN PAINS. ULCERATIONS; SPECIAL DISEASE OF MEN—PROSTATITIS, STRIC
TURE, VARICOCELE. LOSS OF STRENGTH, NERVE EXHAUSTION, ETC.
HOME TREATMENT—The Electro-Chemlc treatment Is the most successful known for
home application. An expensive Electro-Choral c outfit Is loaned free to patients living at a
distance. They should come for personal examination or write for full Instructions regarding
home examination and treatment. It Is always best, however, for the -patient to come for the
personal examination if possible.
THE ELECTRO - CHEMIC INSTITUTE
118 6RANT AYE., Cor.POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Office Hours—a a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7to 8 p. m. dally; Sundays. 10 a. m. to 1 p. ot.
Separate apartments for ladies and gentlemen. |
ADVEKTISKMFJVTS.
HERE!
Do You Want to Regain the
Vigor of Young Manhood?
gk L*m Do you vvant to f« hig, husky and powerful, with your veins full of youthful fire, your eye
ML Htjra; \ U\ clear and your muscles strong and active? If you do, fill out this coupon and send it to me and
Lm '■ W * scn< * you a b ook which will inspire you with the courage to help yourself. It is full of the
\m things that make a man feel like being a whole man, and tells of other men like yourself who
were just as weak once, but are now among nature's noblemen. "A man among men." Cut out
the coupon and send it in to-day and get this book free, sealed, by return mail.
Dr - McLaughlin's Electric Belt
With Free Electric Suspensory for Weak Men
W ir Pours new life into weak, debilitated men, builds up nerve and vital force, cures Varicocele, Ner
sl m• il vous Debility, Rheumatism, Back Pains, Weak Kidneys and Stomach, and revives the spark of youth-
MB / ful encr By» giving hack the old, vigorous animation. It makes strong, husky and vigorous speci
fy**! ELr* it mens of manhood.
WiMl no man should be weak:
No man should suffer the loss of that vital element which renders life worth living. No
I? Isf? I man should allow himself to become less a man than nature intended him; no man should suffer
V 7 * // f ° r thC S ' nS °* *" S wnen *h ere 1S at hand a certain cure for his weakness, a check to his
'"j7r__ VI I J waate pa i n s, most of the weakness of stomach, heart, brain and nerves, from which
'^~~ r «!■ |W men suffer are due to an early loss of nature's reserve power through mistakes of youth. You
Jgs £3 nec( j not su ffer for this. You can be restored. The very element which you have lost you can get
\f& backi an d you may be as happy as any man that lives.
My Electric Belt, with Special Electric Suspensory (free), will restore your power. It will
- check all unnatural drains and give back the old vigor of youth.
_, _ _ _ ___ _ This drain upon your power causes kidney trouble. Rheumatism and
USE MY BELT AND BE STRONG Stomach Anmenta You know it's aloss of.vitaJ
organ of the body. Most of the ailments from which men suffer can be
My Belt is easy to use: put it on when you go to bed: you feel the. traced to it.
flT^lTL^ "thVnK lowing* ' 'ht I have of men who have .squandered tha aaving..* y-a.
morning feeling like a two-year-old. ln_useless doctoring. „
_ « . . An old man of 70 says he feels as strong and young as ha did at SB. Tfcat
"When I came to you I suffered severe pains in my arms ana legs, ana a |how , j t re news the vigor of youth,
weakness of the sexual system had induced a case of varicocele. lam now „, .. _ „ TO . .„ TrM _._ wv ft „si- t* w-_.
a well man Yours very truly. LOUIS LOPES. It cures Rheumatism. Sciatic Pains, Lumbago. Kidney Troutta, « eaa
"Oct 13, 1904. 122 Washington St.. San Francisco, Cal. lshes pain in a night, never to return.
~„_, . _ „ , , , .. _. r „ in .j What alls you? Write and tell me. and no matter where you are, I think
"When I got the Belt of you the muscles of my back were so nraUlM can give you'the address of some one in your town that I have cured. Tv*
and sore that I could not bend over to pick up anything off -the floor,but now I can every man of them is a walking advertisement far my
the muscles are so limber, and every trace of pain is gone, so that i can S.",; 0 i»"" B »" uo »
easily pick up a pin. I still keep the appliance in readiness to use as a tonic, uerc. , . .. ».-„„_. tt >,-_._♦ *. M^.m
as it is far superior to dosing with drugs for that purpose. Yours respect- Every man who ever used H: recommends it,.because " £En t£
fjjlv j. B. BARNEY. great work, and those whom I have cured are the more grateful because the
'"Oct. 27. 1904. 116 Oak St., San Francisco, Cal." cure oost so little.
Every man who uses my Belt gets the advice and counsel of a physician
mmmmma ———ssbbbsssbi mm free 1 .ft v aIJ that any medical man ''an give you, and a lot that he can t.
Put your name on this Coupon and send it in. (1-8-5) Try my Belt . Write me to-day for my beautifully illustrated book with
DR. M. C. MCLAUGHLIN. 90« Market St., San Francisco: cut. ft^"*^^?wftk o? 1^'" and
Send me your Free Book, closely sealed, and oblige: j wIJI sen( j tbis book, sealed, fr>e.
Dr. M. C. McLaughlin, I"ST
ADDRESS •• •. _.j_.jjj_-«1LlJ Office Hours —8 a. m. to Bp. m. Sundays, 10 to L Not sold in drug stores.
SING THOUGH
DEATH IS NEAR
Members of Chorus Continue
Song and Hide From Audi
ence Disaster on the Stage
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.—More than
twenty members of the chorus of the
Metropolitan Grand Opera Company
were seriously injured to-night by the
collapse of the bridge in the street
scene in the opening act of "Carmen."
None of the principals were on the
stage at the time of the accident, and
the uninjured members of the chorus
heroically massed at the front of the
stage and sang on in an attempt to
Drevent the public from learning what
had happened. The curtain was rung
down as soon as possible, and Hein
rich Conreid, the impresario, prevented
a panic by urging the great audience
to remain seated and not be fright
ened.
All of the exits of the theater were
opened immediately after the accident,
but scarcely half a dozen persons of
the handsomely dressed audience left
their seats. Within fifteen minutes
after the crash the performance was
resumed, and few persons in the big
theater realized how serious the acci
dent had been.
At the close of the performance
Frank P. Palmer, master mechanic of
the Metropolitan, was arrested and
locked up in a police station, charged
with criminal negligence. Palmer, who
refused to make any statement, will
be arraigned In court to-morrow morn
ing.
HAVANA, Jan. 7.—Many expert health and
sanitary officials from the United States, Can
ada and Mexico have arrived here to attend the
annual meeting of the American Public Health
Association.
GERMAN MINERS
IN ANGRY MOOD
Embittered by Failure $f
Operators to Answer Their
Demand for a Shorter Day
BERLIN, Jan. 7.—Meetings of the
representatives of 200,000 miners em
ployed in the mines of the Rhenish
Weatphalian Coal Syndicate are being
held throughout the district regarding
the silence of the members of the syn
dicate on the workmen's request for a
different system of measuring the
hours of work. The mines are under
individual company management, the
whole allotted product being marketed
by the synidcate. Two hundred and
fifty, men in one mine refused to work
to-day, but a general strike is not yet
in imminent prospect, although the
miners are embittered by the long
controversy.
The miners ask that the hours of
work shall be measured from the time
of arrival at the pit's mouth until they
reach the pit's mouth on returning,
instead of from the time of reaching
the work gallery until quitting time.
The men affirm that it takes forty-five
minutes each way, going Into and leav
ing the deep sunk shafts and long gal
leries, so that a nominal eight-hour
day becomes a day of nine and a half
hours. They asked for the first year a
nine-hour day, for the second year
eight and one-quarter hours, and for
the third year and thereafter eight
hours calculated between getting into
and coming out of the entrance.
The miners aver that the diggings
are more unhealthy than ever and that
56 per cent of the men are now dis
eased. According to official reports
the average life of miners is less than
formerly. The miners' leaders urge
moderation and the observance of or
der. The public generally is deeply in
terested in the result of ihe dispute.
The coal syndicate's contract, which
went into effect in April. 1904, for
twelve years, fixes the allotment of
each mine for the entire period. The
result is that the powerful mining com
panies are mining economically', buying
up the weaker ones and closing them,
supplying their allotment from new
shafts of the large mines- The work
men of the small mines are forced to
sell their cottages at a sacrifice and
move to the large mines.
There are Government representa
tives at the meetings of the miners and
police and troops are held ready to
suppress disturbances.
YOUNG GIRL UPSETS LAMP
AND IS FATALLY BURNED
Sarah Hughes. Aged Twelve Years,
Meets With Terrible Death In Her
Home at Palo Alto.
PALO ALTO, Jan. 7. —Sarah
Hughes, the 12-year-old daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Watt Hughes, was fat
ally burned Friday night by? the over
turning of a kerosene lamp.' She was
sitting at a table with her mother and
a younger brother when the accident
occurred. Her clothing caught fire
and the mother tried to extinguish the
blaze by wrapping the child in a blan
ket. Neighbors responded to the
alarm and extinguished the Are in the
room. Physicians did what was pos
sible for the unfortunate girl, but she
died In agony five hours later. Mrs.
Hughes was severely but not fatally
burned while trying to save her child.
TERRORISTS DESTROY
x LARGE BAND OP SHEEP
%
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 7.—With
axes, knives and clubs a gang of un
known terrorists broke into the sheep
fold of Fred Smith in the Suplee sec
tion of Crook County and destroyed a
band of 430 sheep. The sight that met
the eyes of the owner when he dis
covered his loss on New Year's day
was frightful. Strewn about were the
dead and wounded bodies of his herd.
The bleating of those still living was
pitiful to hear. Smith had ranged his
band on his own property and that
leased from the military wagon road
company and the slaughter is Inex
plicable on any other grounds than
that of a war on the wool bearers.
MANY TUNNELS
IMPERIL LONDON
St. Paul's Cathedral in
Serious Danger Because of
Underground Honeycomb
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1906. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
LONDON, Jan. 7.—The old cry is
raised again of dangers attending the
undermining of London by the honey
comb of underground ejectric rail
ways. St. Paul's Cathedral, the Bank
of England and Westminster Abbey
are all reported In imminent danger
and this time the alarm appears Jus
tified regarding St. Paul's, notwith
standing the denials of the cathedral
authorities.
Experts remain insistent that the
danger has become serious. The foun
dations are sinking as the natural and
inevitable consequence of the pumping
which has accompanied the work of
driving the various tunnels that have
been conatructed and others which are
still In progress In the immediate
vicinity.
The experts go still further and say
this incessant tunneling, which is pro
ceeding in all parts of London, Is Im
periling the entire metropolis.
Lightship Adrift With Crew.
BERLIN, Jan. 7.—The lightship on
Borkum Reef, Hanover, carrying a
crew of fourteen persons, broke from
her anchorage on Friday night during
a terrific storm and went adrift. Fur
ther details concerning the vessel are
lacking.
TO IMPROVE FULTON STREET. —The
Board of Works yesterday recommended to
tli« Supervisors that grades be changed on
Fulton street from Twenty-fifth to Thirty
sixth avenue, an appropriation having been
made to improve the thoroughfare.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■
'^^"$6.00
With heavy brass mountings, double straps,
extra strong hinges and lock, hardwood slats
and extra dress tray*
Trunks, Bags
and Valises
At> Greatly Reduced Prices
For the Next 30 Days
A. B. SMITH CO.
116 ELLIS STREET
NEAR. POWELL
IF YOU WISH TO BUT
Or trade horses or wagons our
advertisers will meet your wants.
Bargains in to-day's HORSE
AND .WAGON COLUMN.
BOWLER BRINGS SUIT
FOR MEDAL AND MONEY
Los Angeles Man Alleges Unfair
. Treatment at the Hands of Olym-
plan Tournament Managers.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 7.— H. P. Lef
flngwell haa brought suit agalnat the
,St. Louis Tenpin Association for $250
prize money and a diamond medal,
valued at $260. He claims he paid
his entrance fee to the Olympian tour
nament ana It stated on his entrance
blank that the tournament would close
on November 30. At that time Lef
flngwell was in the lead, but the asso
ciation extended the time of the tour
nament to December 30. Several
bowlers went to St. Louis and beat his
score, Gus Steele of Chicago being
awarded the first prize. Lefßngwell
claims he was cheated by the exten
sion.
CONSERVATIVE LEADERS
ACCUSED OF CORRUPTION
Members of Liberal Party of Canada
Ask for Disqualification of Men
They Defeated.
HALIFAX. N. S., Jan. 7.—A petition
asking for the disqualification of R. L.
Borden of this city, leader of the Can
adian Conservative party, was filed to-
day- Borden was defeated In the gen
eral election when he stood as candi
date for a member of Parliament from
one of the Halifax districts.
A similar petition waa filed against
J. J. McMullin. another defeated Con
servative candidate of this city. Both
ar« charged by Roche and Camay,
their successful Liberal opponents,
with corrupt practices by themselves
or their agents. It is charged that
David Russell and Hugh Graham,
Montreal publishers, made an agree
ment with the Conservatives to furnish
campaign funds.
4142
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA w
SAY INCIDENT
IS NOW CLOSED
Supervisors Free Themselves
of Further Dealings With
Voting Machine Company
DAMAGE SUIT DROPPED
Time Extended for the Com
pletion of Mocho Road,
Owing to Injunction Suit
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Jan. 7.
So far as the Board of Supervisors is
concerned the plan for supplying the
county with voting machines is closed.
By a resolution passed this morning at
a special meeting the order made at
the last meeting of the board directing
the District Attorney to sue the Cen
tral Supply Company for damages in.
the sum of $31,250, the amount of the
bond offered for the non-fulfillment of
the contract, was rescinded, the mem
bers declaring that the county had not
been damaged a cent.
This is the final ac tion by the board
to free Itself from a contract entered
into some months ago for 100 Columbia
voting machines, to rost $65,000. At the
last meeting the contract was declared
forfeited, as the time within which the
machines were to be furnished had
elapsed. At the same session the order
rescinded to-day was made. i
A ninety days' extension was granted
W. J. Schmidt for the completion of the
Mocho road running out of Livermore
Into the magnesii? district. Owing to
Injunction proceedings begun by Harry
Morse. Schmidt has been kept from do
ing the work.
J. P. Herring was appointed pound
master at Fruitvale.
REBEKAHS INSTALL
OFFICERS FOR TERM
Jubilee Lodge of the Rebekahs, I.
O. O. F. has had the following officers
Installed for the current term by Dis
trict Deputy Mrs. Baker, assisted by
her staff:
lAicy Morrison, past noble grand: Gertrude
Pern - , noble grand; Dolly Hyams, vice grand;
Tessie Richardson, recerding secretary;
cetta Perry financial secretary: M;mv Sheldon,
treasurer; Minnie F. Dobbin* and Prescilla
Munroe supporters to the nr b!e grand; Anna
Nordmark and Carrie Pessante, supporters to
the vice grrand: Marie H. L.udlnw. chaplain;
Helen McDonough, warden; Alma Wallace,
conductor; A. Wells, inside guardian; Kutie
Bruso, outside guardian.
After the ceremony in the beauti
fully decorated room a magnificent
collaf with beautiful flowers was pre
sented to Lucy Morrison, the retiring
noble grand. The new noble grand,
who Is a member of the Sans Souci
Parlor of the Native Daughters, and
Tessie Richardson, a member of the
same parlor, were each presented on
behalf of the parlor with an emble
matic pin of that order. The noble
grand received from the individual
members of the lodge a beautiful gold
watch. Lucetta Perry, the financial
secretary, was presented with a ruby
ring. Gabrielle Gress received from
the retiring noble grand a fine silver
flower pot. Flowers were presented
to Dolly Hyams, the vice grand, and
to all the officers*" w' < served during
the preceding term.
The following have been installed as
the officers of Oriental Rebakah
Lodge:
Frances Hlr.ton, noble grand; Frances Tower,
vice grand; Zoe Bone, recording secretary;
Alice Walsh, financial secretary; Frank Derby,
treasurer; N'cllie Elnkinc, warden; M. Swisher,
conductor; Isabelle Clark, chaplain; Abbie
Ewing and CJertte Spottswcod, supporters to
the DOble grand: Josephine Walworth and
Jtr.n'e Good Murphy, supporters to the vice
grand; J. Dick, inside guardian; M. Thomas,
outside guardian; Eva Leddy, organist.
The installation was followed by
the presentation of an emblematic
jewel to Isabelle Clarke, the retiring
past noble grand, and a beautifully
embroidered collar to Louett Deitz,
the retiring noble grand. Mm. Deitz,
desiring to show her appreciation of
the many services rendered during her
term by Frank Derby, the treasurer,
gave him an emblematic seal ring.
Th»» ceremonies and presentations.
Which included gifts of flowers to the
new and retiring officers, were fol
lowed by danclnjr.
MANAGER CALVIN PAYS
SAX FRAXC1SCO A VISEC
E. E. Calvin, general manager of the
Oregon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany and the Southern Pacific Com
pany's lines in Oregon, has been in
San Francisco for several days. He
apparently did not wish to make his
presence here known and for that rea
son remained away from the offices of
the Southern Pacific until hia depart
ure yesterday for south, where he
will meet Julius Krut'tschnitt, director
of maintenance of the Harriman lines,
who is making a tour of inspection of
the western division.
The presence of Calvin In San Fran
cisco on the eve of Kruttschnitt's ar
rival in this State has stimulated spec
ulation in railroad circles as to who
is to be made general manager of the
Southern Pacific. Many think that
Calvin is slated for the place, while
others believe that Bancroft will be
the man, notwithstanding that the lat
ter has told his intimate friends that
he does not want the position.. Among
a few of the more prominent officials
of the company there is a favored
theory that Bancroft will get the po
sition and that his duties as general
manager of the Oregon Short Line will
be assigned to Calvin, in connection
with his duties as general manager of
the Oregon Railroad and Navigation
Company. To these railroad officials
the consolidation of the managerial re
sponsibilities of the Oregon Short
Line and the Oregon Railroad and
Navigation Is regarded as practicable,
inasmuch as the roads are practically
one system.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 7.—Acting on or
ders from the Postal Department at
Washington, Postmaster T. W, Ley
decker to-day discharged Mail Carrier
Alfred R. H. Wolff for the good of the
service. Wolff was charged with us
ing disrespectful language to person's
on his route and with insubordination
toward his superiors.
If a doctor can't cure himself, what
must he think his patients are think
ing?
The miner knows more about ores
than he does about rowing a boat.
MUCH GOOD WILL COME OF REVIVAL
Preparations for Receiving Evangelists at the
Great Rally to Take Place Next March.
OAKLAND, Jan. 7.—Preparations for
the great evangelistic rally, which is
to be held in this city next March, are
being rapidly completed and the com
mittees in charge of the arrangements
are now giving their attention to minor
details of the prospective meetings,
which are to be held simultaneously
in different parts of the city.
The evangelists who are to conduct
the services in Oakland are now in
: Denver, Colorado, where they will hold
services until January 22. From there
they will go to Los Angeles, where
meetings will be held until February
17. At the close of the Los Angeles
rally they will come to this city. The
services will begin on March 5 and
will continue for two weeks.
Reports from Eastern cities where
the evangelists have conducted ser
vices tell of the great success of their
work. In Binghamton, N. V., 2000 were
converted during the meetings and at
Colorado Springs, at the closing meet
ing, ,500 people signified their intention
of loading a Christian life. More than
two hundred of the merchants of Col
orado Springs closed their stores on
the Thursday before Christmas that
their employes might have an oppor
tunity to hear the evangelists.
The committee in charge of the mu
sic for the revival is now completing
the organization of four great choruses,
and the rehearsals of these choruses
will begin in a short time.
The arrangements for the meetings in
the districts of the city will be directed
by three sets of committees* as fol
lows: Central district, Rev. Charles R.
Brown president, Rev. H. J. Vosburgh
vice president; East Oakland district,
Rev. Owen Hotle president, Rev. Rob
ert Whitaker vice president; West Oak
land district, Rev, J. C. Bolster presi
dent, H. F. Burgess vice president.
There will be a meeting of the gen
eral committee which has supervision
of the campaign on next Monday even
ing in the First Presbyterian Church,
at which time it is expected that it will
be definitely decided what evangelists
will be assigned to each district. The
officers of the general committee are:
President, Rev. E. E. Baker; vice pres
ident. Rev. E. R. Dille; secretary, S. P.
Meads; treasurer, S. M. Dodge; press
committee. Earl S. Bingham, H. B.
Mowbray and I. N. Halliday; music
committee, Dr. 0...5. Dean, W. B. Rag
land and Dr. Ray E. Gilson; finance
committee. E. S. Finch. S. M. Dodge,
Irvin Ayres, J. H. Stevens and C. E.
Cornell. There are also twenty-two
other members, one pastor and one lay
man representing each of the eleven
denominations.
Carl S. Bingham, the chairman of
the press committee, in discussing the
coming revival, said:
' Rvangelistic movements have been
successes or failures in proportion to
the interest taken by the Christians of
the community in which they have
*been held. The Oakland church mem
bers have reason to look forward with
confidence to the great meetings to be
held in March, when four of the most
noted evangelists of the country are
to conduct services for two weeks, if
the large attendance at the week of
prayer services is to be taken as any
significance of the interest taken in
the evangelistic campaign."
CLAIMS TO BE HEIR TO
THE HARTERY ESTATES
Kate Flat ton Will Endeavor to Gather
Properties Left by Mother
and Stepfather.
OAKLAND, Jan. 7.—Mrs. Kate Hat
ton has petitioned the courts for let
tern of administration on the estate
of her mother, Louise Hartery of Hay
wards, as being her only heir, and
proposes also to get together what was
left of the estate of her late step
father, Michael Hartery, who com
mitted suicide last March, leaving a
note in which he directed the Oakland
Bank of Savings to give his wife what
money he had on deposit, amounting
to about 52500. A week prior to his
death Hartery gave away a $10,000
ranch to James F. Reynolds, president
of the Oakland Meat Company.
The note was offered as a will by
James Hartery and Mary Walsh,
brother and sister of the deceased, as
it left undisposed of an estate sup
posed to be worth about $25,000, of
which they could claim their share.
Judge W. E. Greene, however, held
that Hartery was insane when he
wrote the note and intimated that he
was Insane when he deeded the ranch
to Reynolds. This ruling left in force
a will made some years previously,
leaving everything to his wife. As her
mother's heir Mrs. Hatton is entitled
to all that was left to her mother by
the will and will begin proceedings
against Reynolds to recover the Har
tery homestead at Haywards.
CHARGE OF CRUELTY
MADE AGAINST JOCKEY
Wife of Joaquin Narvaez, Now Rid
ing at Los Angeles, Sues
for Divorce.
OAKLAND, Jan. 7.—Jockey Joa
quin Narvaez. now riding in Los An
geles, has been made defendant In a
divorce suit by Mattie H. Narvaez,
who accuses him of cruelty. She says
that her husband is in receipt of a
large salary and wants him to be
brought into court to tell what he
earns. They have been married eight
years.
Freda Walsh has begun an action
against William H. Walsh, an employe
iof the Sunset Telephone Company, on
l the ground of cruelty. They have been
j married two years and have one child,
j of which she asks the custody.
A final decree of divorce was grant-
Jed Jerry Weiss from Annie Weiss to
> day on the ground of cruelty. He
I keeps a saloon at 920 Franklin street
i and alleges that while he was attend
' ing to business she received male call
| ers, which caused him acute mental
anguish.
Student Gets Appointment.
BERKELEY, Jan. 7.—Hubert O.
Baugh of Petaluma, a graduate stu
dent of the University of California,
has been appointed student Interpreter
at Peking, China, In the United States
diplomatic service. Notice of the ap
pointment came to Baugh to-day. Two
other prominent college men, Thomas
Haskins and Julian Arnold, nave won
similar, appointments in the last two
years. Baugh graduated in 1903.
OAKLAND, Jan. 7.—Wallace M.
Alexander has petitioned the courts to
allow him to turn over to the Mer
cantile Trust Company stocks to the
amount of $987,809 io that he may es
cape from the burden of a $2,002,000
bond required of him as administra
tor of the estate of his late father,
Samuel T. Alexander.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY S, 1905.
THREE ACTIVE SUPPORTERS OF
THE RBUQIQDS REVIVAL. IN
OAXLANT> CHURCHES.
BANK PREPARES
TO CLOSE DOW
Berkeley Institution Decides
to Wind Up Its Affairs
and Go Out of Business
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Jan. 7.
Despairing of securing sufficient de
posits to warrant the continuation of
his banking business, F. S. Page, presi
dent of the Merchants' Bank, at 2265
Shattuck avenue, to-day declared his
intention of closing the doors of the in
stitution.
The Merchants* Bank will cease to do
business after next Tuesday, according
\to President Page. The accounts of
patrons not settled by that time will
be taken care of at the University
Bank, where President Page has ar
ranged for quarters and service. It Is
the bank official's wish that no impres
sion of financial disaster be gained
from the announcement that the bank
will close its doors. The bank is per
fectly solvent, says Mr. Page, and all
depositors will be paid in full.
President Page was formerly connect
ed with banks in Oakland and Berke
ley and is spoken of in banking circles
as a capable and discreet officer, it be
; ing the opinion of banking experts that
! the Merchants* Bank of Berkeley failed
j because the conditions did not warrant
j the establishment of another financial
Institution in Berkeley.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Jan. 7. —The following
marriage licenses were issued to-day
by the County Clerk of Alameda
County: Arthur A. L. Martin, over
21, and Rose Siegler, over 18, both of
Alameda; Ernest Charles Mathews,
26, and Florrie Maddern, 24, both of
Oakland; William J. Chica, 22, Berke
ley, and Florence Ida Creuw, 18,
Berkeley; Albert S. Pondall, 23, and
Emma Isaacson, 24, both of Oakland;
John F. Nunes, 24, Milpitas, and Mary
Cardoza, 22, Irvington; George A.
Douglas, 31, and Rosan Mary Grace
Jones, 21, both of San Francisco; Jo
seph F. Fanar, 21, Los Angeles, and
Flora Fine, 18, Oakland; Charles V.
Wisner, over 21, Oakland, and Ella
nora Hansen, over 18, Oakland; John
Brunger, 28, Point Arena, and Minnie
Rang, 23,'Gualala.
Disraeli's Nonchalance.
Benjamin Disraeli. Lord Beacons
field, Premier of England, was noted
for hia nonchalance and what would
be called in American slang "nerve."
One time when he was still a young
man he was driving with Sir Philip
Rose to Shrewbury, where, at the gen
eral election, he had been nominated
as the Conservative candidate for
Parliament. Aa they neared the
borough Sir Philip noticed a large
poster, . atopped the carriage and,
calling his frlend'a attention to it, re
marked. "It, la something about you."
Disraeli read the words printed in
large letters, "Judgment debts of Ben
jamin Disraeli. Tory candidate for
Shrewsbury." Underneath waa a list
of debts upon which judgment had
been signed. This he perused care
fully. Then he turned to Sir Philip
and said placidly, "How accurate It is!
Now let us go on or wa will be late."
He won the election.
The California Grand Lodge of Ma
sons, which includes the aubordinate
lodges of Hawaii, la planning to build
in San Francisco a temple large enough
to accommodate all grand bodies of the
craft within its Jurisdiction. The pres
ent temple ia about forty years old.
FORGER LEAVES
A WARM TRAIL
Police of Berkeley Learn of
Recent Doings in Case
of Adroit Check Passer
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Jan. 7.
Jean Galan is the latest victim of the
forger whose bogus checks have been
accepted with such dismal results dur
ing the last few days by many mer
chants of Berkeley. Galan is a wine
maker at Ninth street and San Pablo
avenue. West Berkeley.
Marshal Kerns to-day received from
Galan the bogus check which "J.
Woerdt" passed at the winery last
Wednesday. The amount which the
stranger got from Galan was only $5,
but the Frenchman was intensely agi
tated over the matter, more, he said,
because his confidence had been be
trayed than because of the monetary
loss. The stranger had represented
himself as an employe of the Spring
Rock Construction Company, and the
check he worked off on the winemaker
was signed with the forged name of
Charles F. Cole, agent for the company
in Berkeley.
Galan says the swindler told him of
having been treated by Dr. H. N.
Rowell last Tuesday for a sprained
wrist and that Dr. RoWell had ordered
him to a hospital. The police, acting
on this clew, learned that a man giv
ing the name of "Woerdt" had consult
ed Dr. Rowell last Tuesday for an in
jured arm. With this scent upon which
to work the police are confident that
"Woerdt." who has made no attempt
apparently to cover his trail, will soon
be landed behind the oars.
Oldest Self-Striking Clock.
In the north transept of Wells cathe
ral, England, may be seen the oldest
self-striking clock with a count wheel
in the world, having been constructed
by Peter Lightfoot about 1320. This
timepiece contains many devices which
testify to the ancient horologisfs in
genuity. Several celestial and terres
trial bodies are incorporated in inter
esting movement and relationship.
They indicate the hours of the day, the
agi> of the moon, and the position of
the planets and the tides. When the
clock strikes the hour horsemen fully
armed dash out of two gateways in
opposite directions, and charge furi
ously. They strike with their lances
as they pass, as many times as corre
sponds with the number of the hour.
A little distance away is seated upon
a high perch a quaint figure, which
kicks the quarters on two bells placed
beneath his feet, and strikes the hours
on a bell. The dial of the clock is
divided into twenty-four hours, and In
dicates the phases of the moon and a
map of the heavens. Outside the tran
sept is another large dial and two bells,
on which two armored knights strike
the quarters, each with his halbert,
and which are said to be actuated by
the mechanism of the clock inside.—
Scientific American.
High Prices Induce Hunters.
Naturalists are beginning to wonder
how long the annual slaughter can con
tinue without exterminating the fur
bearing species. The most valuable of
these are already seriously diminished.
The sea otter, an animal weighing
from 40 to 60 pounds, formerly abun
dant on the coast of Kamchatka and i
the Aleutian Islands, is rapidly ap
proaching extinction. From $1500 to
$2500 has been paid for single skins.
Several of these skins, valued at from
$1000 to $2000 each, were exhibited at
the St. Louis Exposition. The Ameri
can silver or black fox sells for from
$500 up. It was stated that n single
black pelt brought $8000 in St. Peters
burg. Three of these skins were shown
at St. Louis, valued at $6000. The fur
seal catch is diminishing every year,
and the price of the fur la rising; the
same seems to be true of ermine. Al
though the sales of Russian sable have
increased during recent years, the fact
that unusually fine skins will fetch
from $250 up suggests that the supply
is limited. The ermine and the sable
are both small animals of the weasel
family, each pelt furnishing but a few
square inches of fur.—New York Globe.
BOLD FOOTPAD
WIELDS A CLUB
Holds Up Ira W. Kibby With
Wooden Weapon, but Fails
to Accomplish His Object
GUN PLAY SCARES THUG
1
Burglars and Highwaymen
Cause a Reign of Terror
Among Alameda Residents
ALAMEDA, Jan. 7.—lra W. Klbby
was last night held up by a lone foot
pad armed with a club. The highway
man met him while he was going to his
home on College avenue, and brandish
ing his wooden weapon commanded
him to throw up his hands. Instead of
complying Kibby quickly backed away
from the robber, and when he made a
motion as if to draw a pistol the thug
took to his heels.
A. M. Roebke of 1100 College avenue
telephoned to the City Prison about the
hold-up and Policeman Theodore An
derson was detailed to Investigate. He
was unable to obtain a description of
the highwayman from Kibby, who was
badly frightened. A search of the
neighborhood failed to reveal any trace
of the footpad.
As a result of the numerous burg
laries and hold-ups that have occurred
here of late residents have become tim
id, and the actions of strange persons
and unusual noises after nightfall are
continually being reported to the po
lice. Last night the fashionable resi
dence district adjoining Grand street
was terrorized by the unaccountable
action of some unknown Individual,
who rang the doorbells of several dwell
ings and then ran from the premises.
Mrs. S. W. McCann of Grand street
and Alameda avenue caught a glimpse
of the miscreant as he was running
from her house. She describes him as
of slim build, about 25 years of age. He
wore a soft light felt hat and dark
clothes. The police are Inclined to think
that the doorbell ringer was the pal of
some housebreaker and that he sound
ed the doorbells to ascertain if there
was any one at home.
ART'S DISCIPLE
SUCCUMBS TO
CUPID'S DARTS
BY ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE.
OAKLAND, Jan. 7.—Such 'marry
ing and giving in marriage" as is go
ing on in this blessed City of Oaks! It
is really becoming epidemic and there
seems to be no check, for some of our
most talented girls—young women
whom we had thought wedded to art
—have succumbed to Cupid's plague.
A few days ago Miss Elsa Hunt, whose
aim for years has been an operatic
career, announces her engagement.
Wednesday another promising singer,
Carolyn Crew, became a bride, and
now that very talented young violinist,
Gertrude Hibbard, has "laid down the
fiddle and the bow" long enough to
tell us that she, too, has followed In
the footsteps of those who have al
ready proclaimed their happiness.
Miss Hibberd divulged her little se
cret this afternoon at an Informal tea
and r or once the news was a real sur
prise. The lucky man is Edw,ard Rus
sell Bliassen, a well known and very
popular young lawyer of this city.
Miss Hibberd is a daughter of Mrs.
H. E. Hibberd of Vernon Heights, and
though she has been a teacher for
several years in the Garfield School,
she has found time to develop a line
musical talent. Her violin playing
shows considerable temperament and
an excellent technique. Miss Hibberd
is a pupil of Henri Holmes.
At the tea to-day telegrams ad
dressed to each guest conveyed the
happy news.
Mr. EUassen, though a resident of
Oakland, has his oifice in San Fran
cisco and has been quite successful.
He is a member of the board of Free
Public Library trustees of this city.
No date has been set for the wedding.
• * *
A wedding of more than local inter
est took place in Haywards to-day,
when a clever newspaper man and
college graduate, Oscar R. Morgan,
was married to Miss Vida B. Priddy,
a young society girl of that little berg.
The groom was formerly editor of the
Haywards Review, but is now pub
lishing the Reno Gazette. He was
graduated with the class of '01 from
the University of California and has
many friends of the college town.
The bride is the daughter of Rev.
and Mrs. W. B. Priddy of Haywards,
and the wedding took place at her pa
rents' home. Her gown was a dainty
confection of cream jusi cloth over
taffeta and she carried the convention
al shower of Bride roses.
Miss Ruth Brown, in a pretty pale
green silk mulle and carrying white
carnations, was i maid of honor, and
Archie Cloud of Oakland attended the
groom. Myrtle Ewing, a niece of the
bride, was ring bearer, and the bride's
father pronounced the nuptial bless
ing.
Mr. and Mrs. Morgan left at once
for Reno, where they will reside.
• • •
Among the week's pleasant events
was the meeting of a Five Hundred
Club at Mrs. Welles Whitmore's yes
terday. The members of this club have
played together for several seasons,
and the meetings are always antici
pated with much pleasure. Hereafter
they will play on Mondays Instead of
Fridays, and Mrs. Auerbach will be
the next hostess.
The players yesterday were: Mrs.
Melvin C. Chapman, Mrs. George B.
Flint, Mrs. E. D. Yorker, Mrs. F. A.
Webster, Mrs. A. F. Adams. Mrs. John
C. Lynch, Mrs. Gray* Mrs. R. H. Auer
bach, Mrs. C. C. Judson, Mrs. M. Day,
Mrs. Herbert Lang. Mrs. J. W. Stevens,
Mrs. A. C. Dabney, Mrs. Winchester
and Mrs. Whitmore.
» • •
A treat is In store for us next week. |
for the ladies of the West Oakland
Home have made arrangements with |
Frederick Warde to appear in their ■
behalf next Friday afternoon at Ye I
Liberty Theater. He will discourse on
"Shakespeare and His Plays." Mr.
Warde is one of the most delightful
exponents of Shakespearean literature
on either stage or platform to-day, and
without .doubt the big playhouse on
"Broadway will be taxed to its utmost
capacity on Friday, for the popular
actor needs no Introduction to a cul
tured publlcHhat has already had many
opportunities to admire his work. The
fact, too. that he will apeak in a splen
did cause —the cause of homeless little
children—should have much to do with^
APPLIES MATCH
TO COAL OIL
Firebug Tries to Destiby
Newly Finished Dwelling
of Contractor J. H. Young
OWNER FINDS EVIDENCE
Suspects Person Whose Acts
Have Been Looked Upon as
Being Noticeably Erratic
ALAMEDA, Jan. T.—With coal oil,
shavings and broken laths an Incen
diary atetmpted last night to destroy a
new house on Railroad avenue, west of
Fifth street, owned by J. H. Young, a
local contractor. Owing to the damp
ness of the wood used to start the
blaze the flames smoldered out without
doing much damage to the structure.
Young discovered the results of the
firebug s work when he visited the
house to-day. In the room in which the
blaze was ignited a section of plaster
had been knocked from the wall, laths
removed and the combustible material
and kerosene ' placed between the
weather boarding and the lathing. Had
the flames obtained much headway It
would have been difficult to extinguish
them before considerable damage would
have been done.
Young informed the police that he
knew of no reason why any person
should endeavor to burn his property,
but affirms that his suspicions have
been directed toward an individual he
has observed in vicinity whare the
house is located and who is regarded aa
being erratic.
COCK FIGHTING ALWAYS
A POPULAR SPORT
From Early Time It Haa Furnished
Amusement to High
and Low.
Some that protest against the cruel
ty of cock-fighting have nothing to
say against the wanton slaughter of
pigeons in shooting matches. Game
cocks may be confiscated and put to
death; owners and spectators may be
fined; there will still be cocks ready
to fight and men longing to look on.
We are not detending the so-called
sport; we recognize tne facts. Cock
fighting has been an almost universal
amusement. Themistocles Is said to
have encouraged his soldiers by point
ing out to them the valor o£ two
cocks, who fought, not for the house
hold gods, not tor tombs of ancestors.
but only because the one would not
give way to the other. Philosophers
have sat about the pit, and thereby
pointed -morals in academic grooves,
although a William Pulleyn never
heard ot but one imaginative person
who was a cock-fighter, "and such an
odd imagination is his, and so strange
are the ends which these cock-fight
ers come to, that he is now a morality
professor in a Scotch university."
Monarehs and roustabouts, grave and
elderly persona, as Roger Ascham, and
confirmed sports, all alike find pleas
ure In the pit. JJid not Beckman con
sider cock-fighting worthy of a chap
ter in his " History of Inventions?"
Football and the cockpit have been
favorite amusements of the English
for centuries, and there is hardly a
nation, civilized or barbarous, that has
not enjoyed tne sight of cock battling
with cock.—Boston Herald.
King James Not a Smoker.
Whether the use of tobacco as a
narcotic was known in the East be
fore the discovery of America is some
what doubtful. Probably the habit had
long been practiced in China, but it is
not certain. Its extended use, however,
certainly did not come about until the
early voyagers to America brought
back this custom of the Indians to the
Continent. Sir Walter Raleigh is sup
posed to have been one of the first to
introduce it into England, but it is not
known who was the "flrst man to
smoke a cigar " At the time of its in
troduction, about 1600, it was very ex
pensive, and confined to the wealthy.
It was smoked in very small pipes, and
the smoke expelled, not through the
mouth, but through the nose. TheVe
was much opposition to smoking from
religious and civil sources. Popes Ur
ban VIII and Innocent XI were strong
ly opposed to the practice, the Sultan
of Turkey declared it a crime, Sultan
Amiuret IV decreeing a punishment
by the crudest kind of death, and King
James of Scotland, at the end of the
sixteenth century issued a counter
blaste to tobacco," in which he de
scribed its use as "a custom loathsome
to the eye, hateful to the nose, harm
ful to the brain, dangerous to the lungs,
and in the black, stinking fumes there
of resembling the horrible Stygian
smoke of the pit that is bottomless."
Snuff is merely powdered tobacco.—W.
D. Eliasberg, Jersey City, Septem
ber 14.
A Sagacious Dog.
Dr. A. C. Peck of Columbus, Ga., re
cently at the Imperial, tells a story of
a dog that he owns: .
"I have a fine black and tan collie,"
he says, "that for human intelligence
I will wager can't be beaten by any
other canine in the United States or
elsewhere. Let me give you an In
stance. In my consulting room the
dog frequently spends the morning, ap
parently asleep under a chair. He is
really taking an intelligent interest,
however, in all that is going on.
Recently he proved this to my com
plete satisfaction. One night after I
had gone to bed and had been asleep
for a couple of hours or' so I was
awakened by the dog whining outside
my bedroom door. I shouted 'He
down!' but he continued whining.
Thinking that there might possibly be
burglars in the house, I got up, lit
the gas and opened the door. The
dog wagged its tall, then put out its
tongue and help up Its paw to have
Its pulse felt. It had got distemper."
+ -+
making his audience next Friday the
largest Ye Liberty Theater has ever
held.
Another benefit entertainment that
promises to be a brilliant social event
is the tea at Mrs. Maxwell Taft's next
Thursday. How h*»r little home will
hold everybody that has signified in
tentions of being present It la hard to
conceive, but love always finds a way.
and the love for her neighbor—a wid
owed woman and her suddenly be
reaved little ones—that has made Mrs.
Taft and her friends do this thing will
find a place for the scores of generous
visitors who have promised to help by
being among those present.
When a Japanese on the Pacific Coaat
receives a cablegram containing the
one word "Hoshhukaere," he packs up
and starts for Japan at once, to take
his place in the ranks.
BEANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL JN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10M.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street-
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
POLICE RAID
POOLSELLERS
Men Who Take Wagers on
Horse Races Placed Under
Arrest and Operations Stop
mm ■ ♦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Jan. f.
With a rlew to atopping horse-race
betting at the various cigar atanda of
the city Captain Wllaon of the local
Police Department and a number of
men visited the different resorts of this
kind to-day with several of the new
policemen appointed on the force not
known at the cigar stores, who were
Instructed to place beta As soon as
the money was accepted the keepers of
the stands were placed under arrast.
The police in thla way took In their
dragnet: Sanders Friedman, Seventh
and Broadway; Alexander Friedman,
Fourteenth street, between Broadway
and Washington; Laz Rosenberg, Elev
enth and Broadway; Marlon Hughes.
1056 Broadway, and Jeaa Janla, 970
Broadway.
All the men either put up cash hall
of $100 each or furnlahed a bond in
double this amount, and ware allowed
to go. A number of them went back to
their places of buaineaa and In a short
time were caught again. In thla way
Sanders Friedman was arrested three
times, Laa Rosenberg twice and Jeaa
Jania twice.
JOHN CHINAMAN KNOWS
HOW TO TAKE HIS BASE
Celestial Ia Very Dignified When Ha
Casta Off Cares of
Business.
With the summer weather the China
man cornea before ua prominent in hia
artistic silks and in his native naked
ness. His temperament also becomes
a noticeable feature to the observant
foreigner and the manner in which he
takes his pleasure contrasts marvel
ousiy with that of the energetic Occi
dental human being.
*In the early hours of the morning,
w hen the rays of Old, Sol are tempered
with the dissipating dews of night, the
wealthy native, as well as the worker
of low degree, may be seen carrying the
cage containing his favorite einr/ing
bird to the native gardens or other
tree-embowered spot and listening in
contemplative ecstacy to the Joyous
greeting which his caged friend pours
forth to the coming glory of the day.
As soon as the golden beams become
oppressive he retires to his domicile,
whether to labor or sleep 'tis hard to
tell. In any case, he is wise, for has he
not caught the beauty of the grandest
part of a summer's day, the majesty
of dawn? Again, when sunset's glow
has fallen dead in the west the China
man pours forth to his diversion. To
stand for hours with waving fan on
the curb of our city's thoroughfares
watching the procession of vehicular
and pedestrian traffic a Londoner can
obtain from a Lord Mayor's show,
daily repeated, while a volunteer pa
rade brings him forth in numbers pro
portionate to the metropolis' myriads
called out by a royal pageant.
Thus, in dignified, contemplative
manner does the Chinaman display his
idiosyncrasy of pleasure-taking. Again
the native of younger blood, Imbued
with a tinge of foreign taste, rushes
madly through the streets on the whir
ring wheel or drives, luxuriously re
clining in his smartly appointed car
riage, behind the fastest trotting pony,
steered by a reckless native Jehu,
which his means are able to procure.
The visitor to the various public re
sorts of the Chinese In the settlements
will invariably gain an interesting In
sight into the Chinaman and his pleas
ure-taking, and one striking feature
cannot pass unnoticed. Whether coolie,
merchant, office boy or mandarin, in
public the Chinaman at play ia inva
riably respectable. One hears much
of the native immorality, but decorum
when in the public eye and absoltely
moral behavior characterize even the
biggest rake among the Chinamen of
our settlements. Drunkenness is a vice
which Is usually kept within doora, as
are all other reprehensible practices.
Quarreling is almost an unknown
thing In public resorts- Never does
one witnesf anything approaching the
college student of Europe on the ram
page, or 'Arry and 'Arriet on a bank
'ollday tear. The Chinaman takes his
pleasure aa he takes his business, with
a calm, calculating philosophy, which
constitutes one of his greatest varia
tions from the habit of mind of the
vivacious European.—Shanghai Times.
Laundry Hygiene.
It IU a natural query whether the
laundryman and his assistants are not
exposed to special danger of infection
from the constant handlmg of soiled
clothes of all descriptions. Ira S. Wile
is investigating the subject, and. al
though he has obtained nothing definite
in the shape of statistics, inquiry at a
number of laundering establishments
has put on record the opinions of laun
drymen themselves as to this danger.
They are in brief, that, although no
special precautions are taken, except
that particularly filthy materials are
not accepted and no clothes taken from
houses known to contain infectious dis
eases, the employes are no more sub
ject to infectious ailments than any
other class of indoor workers. As to
the healthfulness of the laundry atmos
phere, the moist air, the frequent
scrubbing of the rooms and the ab
sence of dust, all tend, they believe,
to the promotion of health.—New York
Globe. _
Scarcity of Valuable Furs.
* - l-IJ. _« *W_ 0 A. -
few peoi/ie uuisiue vi me lur iraae
have any conception of the vast num
ber of animals slaughtered every year
for-their pelta. At the January quar
terly fur sale of Measrs. Lampson &
Co., London, may be found such items
as 3.000,000 muskrat skins, nearly an
equal number of Australian opossum.
1,000,000 skunk skins, kangaroos and
wallabies, over 500.000; 142,000 squirrel,
and 350,000 mole skins. This la one of
four yearly raw-fur sales by this sin
gle concern, and the above items are
only those including the larger num
bers of single pelts. It Is thus evident
that many million animals are killed
every year to furnish mankind with
fairs.—New York Globe.CATERER GETS
ORDERS MIXED
Regales the Boys of Church
Choir With Frozen Egg
nog Instead of Ice Cream
SINGERS ENJOY MISTAKE
Guests of Railroad Man Who
Got Treat Intended for
Lads Not So Well Pleased
ASTORIA, Or., Jan. 7.—Because a ca
terer got his orders mixed the choir
boys of the Episcopal church were re
galed with frozen eggnog a night or
two since, while the guests of a rail
road man had a very quiet time with
ice cream. The choir boyß say they had
the time of their lives, while the other
people looked askance at their host.
The story ha 3 Just leaked out. Rev.
William Seymour Short, rector of the
Episcopal church, Invited his choir to
a monthly entertainment. On the same
evening G. W. Roberts, local agent of
the Oregon Railroad and Navigation
Company, and Mrs. Roberts invited a
number of their friends to their res
idence. They gave an order for frozen
eggnog for refreshments. The rector
thought Ice cream would more than
satisfy the choir boys. But In the de
livery the two orders were mixed and
the deceitful eggnog got in its deadly
work. The caterer was missing imme
diately after the mistake was discov
ered, and the rector is wondering why
his angel-faced little singers seemed to
enjoy that entertainment far more than
any of the previous socials.
LIQUID AIR PROMOTERS
AFTER CLARK'S NEPHEW
— •$
Accuse Senator's Relative of Trying
to Enrich Himself at Thelr
Ex^ense.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 7.-H. C. Lee,
Senator Clark's new nephew-in-law in
this city, is accused by a group of
prominent local society men with be
ing a "frenzied financier." He has been
sued by Warren Carhart, Will Nevln
and Robert Flint, and has come back
from his honeymoon to find the sheriff
searching for a bank account commen
surate with his new dignity. So far
less than $10 has been found.
These young men formed the United
States Liquid Air Company and the
California Securities Company. The
idea of the latter concern the young
financiers got from the Northern Se
curities Company. They hired G. A.
Bobrick, and set him up an expensive
air factory, which so far has turned
•out hot air.
• According to the petition Lee took
5000 shares of the stock to sell on a
recent trip East. They allege that he
met a friend named Winans in Western
New York and the two went to Florida.
Winans agreed to buy the 5000 shares
lor $50,000. He paid $13,350. it is alleged.
• and then his enthusiasm suddenly fiz
zled out.
When he came home Lee reported
' his transactions. It is claimed by the
plaintiffs that he refused to restore the
missing shares or the money until
Winans should pay the balance. Lee
' declares that his associates are trying
to unduly force his hand.
MAY NOT GO TO SACRAMENTO.
Friends of Senator Bard Think That
He May Remain in Washington.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7.—lt is now
problematical whether Senator Bard
will come to Sacramento or not. A
telegram reached his headquarters last
night to the effect that he would be
•here probably in the week, but this
evening his supporters made thfe fol-
lowing announcement: "The statement
published in some of the papers that
Senator Bard*was on the way out here
was unauthorized. It is true we had
hoped he had started and might ar
rive on Monday or Tuesday and so ex
pressed ourselves. He has now, in
r;ply to a further telegram from us,
wired as follows: 'I am anxious to do
everything possible to co-operate with
my supporters, but statehood affairs
interest the whole country, California
especially, and my responsibility in
leading the opposition forbids deser
tion when victory seems near.' "
Outside of this news there is nothing
to be heard regarding the Senatorial
situation. The legislators that re
mained here are anxiously awaiting the
return of those that went below in
rrdfrr to get the inside. They are all
expected in on to-morrow evening's
trains and a lively time is anticipated.
WRECKAGE ALONG COAST
OF VANCOUVER ISLAND
I\irtlier Evidence of Disaster at Sea,
Including Body of Man Found
in North.
VICTORIA, B. C. Jan. 7.—Follow
ing the finding of a life buoy marked
"Antonio, London," near Cloo-Ose, on
the Vancouver Island coast, news has
been received of the finding of further
wreckage near Carmanah Point, and
of the badly decomposed body of an
unknown man near the entrance to
Barkley Sound. The beach is strewn
for miles with lumber, much of it be
ing heavy timber. There are a lot of
"new oak barrels and other flotsam.
No vessels are Known here to be
overdue, and no vessel with a name
'similar to that on the life buoy washed
fi-hore is expected in these waters.
COIvORED BOY AND WHITE
COMPANION ROB WOMAN
Hold Up Sacramento Matron Near Her
Residence and Try to Steal
Purse.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7.—Mrs. Al
bert Hart of this city was held up by
' two boys near her residence, 1318 E
street, to-night She describes the
hold-ups as a colored boy, aged about
12. and a white boy, aged about 15.
They grabbed her purse and were
struggling to wrest a package from
.-her hand, when ahe grappled with
• hem and recovered the purse. The
boys escaped.
. . . The police have a good description
of the young footpads and expect to
catch them. The white boy had a sack
over his head for a mask.
. I "lebrat© the Fall of Port Arthur.
' . VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 7.—Fifteen
hundred Japanese paraded the streets
.• to-night in celebration of the fall of
Port Arthur. Japanese lanterns are il
luminating the line of march. This af
ternoon an open-air meeting was held
and speeches were delivered In one of
public squares by the Japanese
/ Consul, the Mayor and others. The
residents of the Japenese quarter will
spend most of the night in feasting and
dancing.
A woman can always put her hand
• somewhere about her clothing and
pull out a pin.
CITY CHARTER
TO BE AMENDED
Citizens of San Diego In
dorse Suggested Changes
in Laws of Municipality
BIG VOTE IS POLLED
One of the Measures Adopted
Provides for a Material
Reduction in the Council
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 7.—Returns from
thirteen out of twenty-one precincts
show that all of the twenty-seven
amendments to the city charter sub
mitted to the voters at the special elec
tion to-day were carried by a two
thirds majority. The result was a
landslide for the so-called reform ele
ment. The most important amend
ments carried were the three provid
ing for a reduction of the City Coun
cil, the election of the City Attorney
by popular vote and the initiative, ref
erendum and recall. The last amend
ment was carried by a smaller major
ity than any of the others, although
it had a big lead.
Under the new charter the Council
will consist of a Board of Aldermen
of nine members, isjstead of two board*
of twenty-seven members, as at pres
ent.
The amendments carried in every
precinct by a vote of 2 to 1 except in
two or three nrecincts, where a small
majority against the measures was re
turned. That the amendments aroused
much interest is evidenced by the fact
that thesYote cast was about 60 per cent
as heavy as that cast in the Presi
dential election last November.
Amendment No. £6 provides for the
recall of any public official on a petition
signed by 25 per cent of the qualified
electors voting at the last previous elec
tion. The referendum measure pro
vides that upon the petition of 15 per
cent of the qualified electors any pro
posed legislation shall be submitted to
a vote of the people.
DISCUSS LEGISLATIVE
MATTERS AT WHITE HOUSE
j President Roosevelt and Several
Prominent Senators and Repre
sentntives Hold a Conference.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7. —An im
| portant conference regarding legisla
) tlve questions pending before Congress j
I was held at the White House this
I afternoon. In addition to President ;
j Roosevelt, the parties to the confer- j
i ence were Speaker Cannon, Senators j
j Allison of lowa, Aldrich of Rhode ■
j Island, Spooner of Wisconsin and .
j Piatt of Connecticut and Representa
| tives Payne of New York, Dalzell of <
j Pennsylvania, Grosvenor of Ohio and i
1 Tawney of Minnesota. It can be said
jon the authority of the President that ;
jno conclusions were reached at the
i conference. Indeed, the statement is ;
j made that other conferences will be
; held before decisions of a dfinite char
i acter are reached. At the conclusion
;of the conference the President au- :
i thorized the following statement con
reroing it:
"These gentlemen came here to dis
cuss various matters of policy before
Congress, including the tariff and the
Interstate commerce laws, but they are ;
not ready yet to announce any definite
conclusions."
HOUSE COMMITTEE CUTS
APPROPRIATION FOR ARMY
Prepars Bill Reducing Amount
Asked for in Estimates by
About $3,000,000.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7. —The House
Committee on Military Affairs to-day j
practically completed the army appro- |
priation bill. It carries in round num- i
j bers $69,000,000 which is about !
i ?3,000,000 less than the estimates and
I $5,000,000 less than the appropriation j
| for the current year. Following are i
: the important changes compared with
! the amounts appropriated last year:
i Horses for cavalry and artillery
j $200,000, reduction $200,000; barracks ,
land quarters $3,488,950; reduction
I $261,050; military post exchange
i $333,500, reduction $166,500; barracks
and quarters in Philippine Islands
$1:30,000. reduction $135,590; trans
pertation of the army and its supplies
§12,000,000. reduction $3,000,000; con- I
struction and repair of hospitals
$215,000, reduction $75,000; medical
and hospital department $600,000. in
crease $40,000; ordnance and stories 1
supplies and rifle target practice :
$1,250,000; increase $100,000; militia 1
material $616,000, reduction $61,000. i
RAILWAY POSTAL CLERKS
MUST "FIND" THEMSELVES
Court Holds That Government Does
Not Hare to Pay Board of Men
While Traveling.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7. — Justice
Wrisht of the Court of Claims has
handed down a decision.in the case of
the railway postal clerks against the
United States, in which he holds that
the act of Congress making appropria
tions for the postal service does not
provide for the payment of board and
lodging of such clerks when absent
from their homes on duty.
The court decided that railway pos
tal clerks do not "travel under orders
of the Postmaster General," but that
they' travel by order of the statute cre
ating the office of a postal clerk; that
the statute granting traveling expenses
to "railway postal clerks while travel
ing away from their headquarters"
had no application in the case, as pos
tal clerks have no headquarters. The
court further held that the clerks had
expressly accepted the obligation to
pay their own expenses. This case af
fects nearly 12,000 railway postal
clerks.
Army and Navy Orders.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.—Under or
ders of the War Department Edgar M.
Wright. Hospital Corps, will be re
lieved from duty at Fort Huachuca,
Arizona Territory, and sent to the
depot of recruits and casuals at Angel
Island, Cal.. and from there be sent
to Manila, Philippine Islands, on the
transport sailing from San Francisco
about February 1. Sergeant, first class.
Francis E. Thuney, Hospital Corps, is
relieved from duty In the Philippine
Island division and will be sent to the
depot of recruits and casuals at Angel
Island, Cal.
Naval order—Acting Warrant Ma
chinist R. L. Drake is ordered to the
Pensacola naval training station, San
Francisco. ,
Date for Santa Fe Hearing.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.—The Inter
state Commerce Commission to-day set
next Friday at Chicago as the time and
place for the rehearing In the case in
volving charges of granting rebates to
the Colorado Fuel and Iron Company
by the Santa Fe Railway.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905.
SEABOARD GALE
DOES DAMAGE
Wind Reaches Velocity of
Eighty Miles an Hour
on New England Coast
DANGER TO SHIPPING
Brigantine and Schooner
Driven Ashore and One
Man Is Lost Overboard
BOSTON. Jan. 7.—The heavy north
easterly storm which set In last night |
embraced all New England. The rain. '
accompanied by a rise of about 30 de- ;
grees in temperature, rapidly melted
the snow and caused much lnconven- j
ience. The gale, which reached a ye- j
locity of eighty miles an hour on the
coast, caused rough seas and high j
tides.
The schooner Lizzie Carr went ashore :
at Concord Point, Rye Beach, N. H., j
and Frank Reen, first mate, was
knocked overboard and drowned. The
other members of the crew were res
cued.
GLOUCESTER, Mass.. Jan. 7.—The
brigantine Ohio, which was abandoned
by her crew on Thursday oft* Grand
Manan and boarded by a prize crew
from the Gloucester schooner Theodore
Roosevelt, anchored here to-day. She
was worked into the harbor during the
night. She is badly damaged and leak
ing. The crew, who were rescued by
the Roosevelt and brought here last
night, were still suffering to-day from
the effects of exposure and frostbite,
but were rapidly recovering from their
exhaustion.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J.. Jan. 7 —An
immense tide, driven up by the south
west gale, swept along the coast dur
ing the night, flooding the beach front.
One hundred feet of railway tracks at
the beach terminus of the Pleasantville
trolley road were washed out and two
fishing boats were wrecked.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.—The heavy
rainfall of yesterday has swollen the
streams in Northern and Eastern New
Jersey. The Raritan River is nine- ,
teen feet above its normal level to
night. The ice has gone out and all
roads in its vicinity have been rendered
impassible. Great damage has been
done to bridges and' buildings along its
banks. Trouble is expected in the vicin
ity of Compton Lakes, where all rivers
and brooks are rapidly rising. The
Pequannock River is filled with float
ing ice which is forming gorges around
the railroad bridge. One bridge gave
way.
Much alarm is felt In Paterson at
the rise of the Passaic River. To-day
goods were removed from many of the
factories and stored along the river
front. The officials of Paterson are
making active preparations to cope
with a flood. Additional police have
been stationed in low-lying districts
and more Are apparatus is to be pro
vided for the wards along the river.
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 7.—The ef
fect of last night's heavy rainfall,
which was driven by a thirty-six mile
gale, are in evidence to-day in all sec
tions of the city and environs. The
most serious result is the swollen con
dition of the Schuylkill River, which
is seventeen feet above normal at
Manayunk, a suburb. Fourteen mills
are closed as a result of the flood and
4 000 hands are idle. The water,
dammed up by the ice, backed up and
overflowed into the basements and
first floors of the factories and mills,
which line the banks of the river.
Coney Island was damaged to the
extent of $50,000 by the recent storm in
this section. Brighton race track was
overflowed, a large bulkhead protecting
Seaside Park was smashed and much
other damage was done to buildings
1 near the water.
RAILROADS COMBINE
TO FIGHT SCALPERS
All Lines Centering in Chicago Join
in Petition for an In
junction.
CHICAGO. Jan. 7.—A1l the rail
roads centering in Chicago will make
application to Judge Kohlsaat of the
United States District Court on Jan
uary 17 for a permanent injunction
restraining all local brokers from
dealing in any form of non-transfer -
rable transportation. Should a writ be
issued against them it is the plan of
the scalpers to carry the case to the
[ United States Supreme Court without
delay.
Last spring a temporary injunction
was granted in favor of most of the
roads, restraining the scalpers from
; dealing in the round trip tickets sold
I at reduced rates on account of the St.
i Louis Fair. Four or five of the roads
| terminating here did not ask for a
writ against the scalpers at that time,
; but it is said all will Join In the ap
j plication for a permanent order.
DIES IN COLORADO.
Former San Franciscan Succumbs to
Rheumatism of Heart.
CANYON CITY. Colo., Jan. 7.—Al
fred Seely, son of Frederick Seely of
San Francisco, died in a hospital here
last night from rheumatism of the
heart. He went to California several
years ago in the hope that his health
would improve, but was forced to re
turn to this city. Last summer he
went to San Francisco and matricu
lated in the State University, but a
severe attack of fheumatism forced
him to return recently and for the
last three months he was in a hospital
here. Here he wafs in the employ of
the Seely Drug Company, of which his
brother "is manager. His father and
a sister were with him when he died.
He will be buried in Denver.
GRAIN ELEVATOR STORED
WITH WHEAT IS BURNED
Three Hundred Thousand Dollars
Loss in a Kansas City, Has.,
Fire.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Jan. 7.—The
Maple Leaf elevator in Kansas City,
Kans., owned by the Chicago Great
Western Railway Company, was
burned to-night, with 300,000 bushels
of wheat, entailing a loss of $300,000.
The fire was caused by sparks gen
erated by the friction of a belt.
Thirteen railroad cars loaded with
grain and a number of negro cabins
were burned. All the grain destroyed
was owned by Kansas City dealers.
New Postmasters Named.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7. — Post
masters were appointed to-day as fol
lows: California —George W. Stevens,
Benicla; Vivian Tresslar, Fullerton;
Anna Kayder, Broderick; Ellis G.
York, Ballarat, Inyo County: Annie A.
Gooding, Bristow, San Bernardino
County, and Erastus W. Dey, Chula
Vista, San Diego County. f
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7.—Tha Secretary of
War ha* approved the recommendation of the
chief signal officer of the army, which reduces
the press rates between Seattle and points in
Alaska to one-half the present cable tariffs.
SEES A FUTURE
FOR DEMOCRACY
Southern Orator Declares
Party Is to Be Reborn, Re
formed and Reconstructed
DISASTER IS EDUCATION
Speaker at Jackson Day,
Banquet Says Failure Was j
Due to Hunger for Success!
•
CINCINNATI, Jan. 7.—John Temple
Graves of Atlanta, Ga., was the chief
orator at the Jackson day banquet of
the Duckworth Club to-night, speaking
on "Definite Democracy." In the course j
of his speech he said:
"In its nature and its mission the ,
Democratic party has been and must
be a reform party and a radical party, j
In the conditions which surround it!
now this mission and method become
the price of Its pouularity and the!
necessity of its life. We have always
failed and always will fail as a party j
of negation and a party of opposition.
Wa have failed because we have been
unfaithful. ' We have failed because we j
have trimmed and hesitated and atrad- j
died. We have failed" because we have
compromised with the apparently sue- i
cessful doctrines of the Republican"
party and surrendered to men whose I
interests and convictions were so near
ly akin to our political opponents that j
they ought in common honesty to
espouse the Republican party, to which
they belong. We have failed because
in our political hunger for success we
have imitated the platforms and pan
dered to the powers of the opposite
party, that held the government.
"Mr. President, the Democratic party
never had a clearer mission or a bright
er promise than to-day. Defeat is dis
cipline and disaster is education. Out
of the wreck of our fortunes we will,
build a noble and more endurlnsr use- j
fulness. The Democratic party Is co- ,
ing to be reborn, re-formed and recon-
Becrated to the constitution and to 1
popular rights and liberty."
In an interview here to-day Graves
said:
' The South is rapidly changing lta;
attitude toward President Roosevelt.
The people of that section as a whole
are no longer apprehensive concerning
his course toward them as the chief ex
ecutive of the land. They have learned
his.true worth, and are besrinnins: to
assume that degree of confidence in
him once reposed in the late lamented
William McKinley."
On the question of cutting down the
Southern representation in Coneress
Graves said:
"I do not believe it will ever be done.
The Southern people are for the most
part indifferent about the matter, al
though many would welcome it. But
It will not be done; Mr. Roosevelt is j
against it. as are many of the North- j
em people."
S. H. KENT IS BANQUETED
AT THE BUCKINGHAM HOTEL
S. H. Kent was the guest of honor
at a banquet given last night by mem
ben of the Builders' Exchange in cele- '
bratlon of his return from the East. |
The affair took place in the main din- i
ing hall of the new Buckingham Hotel, j
which was elaborately decorated for the
occasion. Long garlands of smilax were
suspended in great profusion about the
walls and twined round the electroliers.
The long banquet board was massed
with great clusters of hollyberries.
Following a delicious dinner, speeches,
songs and music added to the enjoy
ment and goodfellowship of the occa
sion.
James A. Wilson was toastmaster
and his introductory remarks as he
proposed the names of the different
speakers brought out rounds of ap
plause. Among the speakers were: W.
Cronan, R. McKillican, J. D. McGil
vray, Willis Polk, M. Kelleher and W.
J. Mathews.
The guest of the evening was very
happy in his remarks. As he finished
speaking the whole company arose and
joined with zeal in the chorus "For
he's a Jolly good fellow."
Following is a list of those present:
S. H. Kent. P. C. Oliphant. Charles S.
Kenyon. Willis Polk, Alfred Legault,
Herman Frere. J. D. McGilvray, C.
Kreiker. M. Kelleher, F. P. Fischer,
Adam Miller, Isadore Cohen, M. F.
Gale, D. S. Brehant, F. S. Loop, S. H.
' Robinson, J. Leonard, S. H.
j Phelps, O. Weisman, L. E. Clawson, E.
' Schrader, C. C. Morehouse, Don Pelisk,
; William L. Russell, R. Dewar, Daniel
I McPhee, William E. Jackson, Stanley
J. Fay, M. T. Sullivan, H. M. Caf
fery, D. O. Druffel. George S. Forderer,
Edw. B. Hindes, W. G. Tulford, James
A. Wilson, W. J. Mathews, R. McKilH
j can, J. Gatiey, W. Heldt, A. A. Can
| tin, M. Keating. William Chatham,
jM. McLean. James Young, John Fau
i bel, Henry Gervais, W. L. Moore, P.
| Morshead, H. H. Reigle. A. Willkomm.
W. A. Rainey, W. J. Watson, Harry
j Larkin, Walter E. Lucas, A. Ander
j son, R. Herring, Henry Burner, E. S.
i Howard, W. Wilklns de Winton, Wil
i liam Cronan and Antonio Fodera.
SUSPECTED SAFE BLOWERS
ARE ARRESTED AT BENICIA
BENICIA, Jan. 7.—Charles Johnson,
colored, who halls from West Oakland,
and Jesse Smith, who says he resides
on Pine street in San Francisco, were
arrested here this evening on suspicion
of being the safe blowers who robbed
the Southern Pacific office at Dunnigan,
Yolo County. The railroad company's
office at Dunnigan and several stores
were broken into Friday night by
cracksmen, who blew open the safes
in the places visited and secured a
small amount of money.
The prisoners had nine sticks of
dynamite in their possession when over
hauled by Constable Hyde, and there
seems to be little doubt but that the
right men have been caught, as one of
them had a money bag stolen from a
store ransacked In Dunnigan. They
were also armed with knives and for
midable looking revolvers.
WIFE BEATER SENTENCED.—OakIand,
Jan. 7.—Vincente Addiago, convicted of beat
ing his wife. Marie Addiago, was sentenced to
day to a term of 100 days In the City Prison.
The charge against Addiago waa simply bat
tery but because of threats made against the
life of his wife while he was In jail he got the
limit. _
BOYS. ESCAPE FROM HOME—Paul Scrim -
sher. Frank Shay and Harold Zug, while
awaiting arraignment for- trivial offenses,
picked the lock of a door of the Boys' and
Girls' Aid Society Home last Thursday and
left. They were recaptured by Officer Hutton
and taken back to the home.
OAKLAND BREV
FUNERAL OF MRS. MULQUEBNET.—Liv
ermore, Jan. 7. —The funeral of Mrs. Mary
Mulqueeney who was killed by the accidental
discharge of" a shotgun at her home near Mid
way last Wednesday, was held yesterday morn
ing from St. Michael's Church, the services
being conducted by the Rev. Father Power.
ORGANIZE COFFEE COMPANY.—Oakland,
Jan. "7.—Articles of Incorporation of the Planta
tion Coffee Company were filed with the County
Clerk to-day. The director* are W. C. Donald
eon. W. T. Helder, J. M. Abel of Oakland,
and A. W. SchwelUte ana J. W. Reisaer of
San Francisco.
"SEASIDE"
Our picture* next Sunday is the work of P. Gabrini, one of
the most celebrated of modern Italian painters, and is a subject
which appeals, on account of its grandeur, to all mankind—the
ocean. This picture shows us a rocky point jutting out into the
sea and rising from the end of a strip of beach, over which some
fishermen are pushing their boats into the surf, which is curling
over the sand in long rollers and breaking into white foamy spray
on the rocks.
THE CALL, in addition to offering its readers many special features,
publishes ALL THE NEWS OF THE CITY, COAST, EAST and
FOREIGN LANDS, as well as the ABLEST EDITORIALS on
TIMELY TOPICS.
THE CALL is for sale at all news stands and on all trains. If
you cannot get a Call notify this office and steps will be taken to
insure improved service.
LONE OUTLAW
ROBS MAIL CAR
Shoots Clerk Through the
Hand and Carries Off
the Registered Packages
MONTGOMERY, Ala., Jan. 7.—The
mail car of the Atlantic Coast Line
train, which arrived in Montgomery
at 6 o'clock this evening, was robbed
about Aye miles east of the city. A
large amount of registered mail was
taken and the bandit escaped, drop
ping off the train as It entered the out
skirts of Montgomery. Eugene Hester,
the mall clerk, was shot through the
hand.
A stop was made at Wiley, six miles
from Montgomery, and Hester believes
the robber entered the car at that
point. Shortly after leaving there Hes
ter was ordered to hold up his hands
and, turning, he saw that he was cov
ered by a pistol in the hands of a
masked white man. Hester grabbed
at the pistol and the robber fired, the
ball going through the mail clerk's
hand. Hester then yielded and the
robber, keeping him covered, helped
himself to the registered packages.
When the train slowed up he jumped
from the car.
The value of the booty cannot be
given at this time, but it is believed to
be large.
Weather Report.
(120th-Meridlan—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 7, 5 d. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day :
Cincinnati 42 32 > Philadelphia ...50 46
Boston M Washington 52 38
Jacksonville ....64 38|New York 52 38
St. Louis 26 20 Pittsburg 42 26
Chicago 30 IS Honolulu. H. 1..47 68
New Orleans 64 38
PAN FRANCISCO 60-40
The following are th; seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with thoee of same date
last season and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours: _ _
Last This Last
Staticns — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 00 17.37 18.63
Red Bluff 00 14.75 12.e0
Sacramento 00 8.78 4.73
San Francisco 00 11.18 6.20
Fresno 00 6.18 . 02
Independence 00 .45 .42
San Luis Obispo 00 5.47 .82
Los Angeles 00 3 56 . 43
San Diego 00 2.59 . 42
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS.
S
3
n
K K O
Ii II *i
•Oe DC -o
I I
c c ~.
1 1
a m
ET "*
A
t
*0
1
t»
ft
■o
E
5"
B
Baker 29.98 42 14 BW Cloudy .00
< "arson 29.86 46 24 W Cloudy .00
Eureka 20.92 66 44 NW Clear .0:1
Fresno 29.94 44 36 SE Cloudy .00
SE. Farallon.29.87 58 49 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Flagstaff 29.88 60 12 W Cloudy .on
Pocatello 30.00 3* 06 SE Cloudy .00
Independence.. 29.84 64 30 SE Cloudy .00
Los Angeles.. .29.90 70 66 W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpais.29.89 66 46 SW Cloudy .00
North Head...30.02 46 40 E Clear .00
Phoenix 29.86 68 34 E Cloudy .00
Pt. R. Light. .29.S3 69 48 S Cloudy .00
Portland 30.02 42 38 NW Cloudy .00
Red Bluff ».S* 44 .:« SE Fojrgy .00
Roseburg 30.00 38 36 W Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..29.92 42 M SW Cloudy .00
Salt Lake....29.96. 32 20 SW Cloudy .00
San FtanciBC0.29.92 50 40 NW Cloudy .00
S L Obispo. .29.92 64 44 W Cloudy .00
San Diego 29.90 68 64 S Cloudy .00
Seattle 30.10 42 34 NE Cloudy .18
Spokane S0.08 32 20 NE Cloudy .10
Tatoosh 30. CS 46 42 E Clear .00
Walla Walla. .30.10 34 26 8 Cloudy .00
Wlnnemucca. .29.90 42 18 NE Cloudy .00
y U ma 29.88 66 44 BECloudy .00
Cloudy .unsettled weather prevails over the
Pacific slope. The pressure is falling slowly
and conditions are unfavorable for settled,
fair weather. . *
In California tule-fog continued In the great
V *Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. Jan. 8. 1*06:
California north of Tehachapi—Cloudy, un
settled weather Sunday, possibly showers;
fresh southeast winds.
California south of Tehachapi—Cloudy, un
settled weather; Mght southeast winda
Nevada— Cloudy, warmer Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Cloudy, un
settled weather Sunday: fresh south winds.
Sacramento —Cloudy, unsettled weather Sun
day; fresh aouth winds.
Fresno —Cloudy, threatening Sunday: fresh
south winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE,
arrived.
Saturday, January 7.
Stmr Sequoia, McClement, 76 hours from
Vt'illapa Harbor.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, 5 hour* from
Farallon Island.
* CLEARED.
Saturday, January 7.
Btmr Norwood. Martin, Seattle; Sudden a
Christensen.
BAILED.
Saturday, January 7.
Stmr Elizabeth, Jensen. Coqullle River.
Stmr Charles Nelson. Christensen. Eureka.
Ger stmr Saxonia, Hoppe, Hamburg and
way ports.
Stmr Newsboy, Lee Crescent City.
Stmr Mandalay, Smith, Crescent City.
Stmr San Pedro, Jacobs, Eureka.
Stmr Aberdeen, Hansen, Portland.
Stmr Point Atena. Miller, Mendocino.
Stmr Helen P. Drew, Gunderson, Point
Arena.
Stmr Olympic, Hansen, Belllngham.
Stmr Shasta, Hansen, Belllngham.
Stmr Despatch. Weber. Portland.
Stmr laqua. Jorgencon, Portland.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan. 7 10 p. m.—Weather
hazy; wind NE; velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
EUREKA—SaiIed Jan 7—Stmr San Gabriel,
for San Pedro; stmrs Arctio and Phoenix, for
San Francisco.
TATOOSH—Passed Inward Jan 7—Br stmr
Wellington, hence Jan 4, for Ladysmlth, B. C.;
stmr Queen, hence Jan 5, for Victoria, B. C,
etc.
COOS BAY—Sailed Jan 7—Stmr Break
water, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND—Arrived Jan 7—Schr Excel
sior, from Redondo.
SEATTLE —Arrived Jan 7—Stmr Ramon a,
from Skagway.
ASTORlA—Arrived Jan 7—Fr bark Eugene
Fautrel, from Hamburg.
Sailed Jan 7—Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco.
FORT BRAGG —Sailed Jan 7—Btmr Bruns
wick, for Ban Francisco.
ABERDEEN —Arrived Jan 6—Stmr Centra-
hence Jan 2.
SAN PEDRO —Sailed Jan 7 —Schr Kona, for
Grays Harbor; bktn J. M. Griffith, for Port
Hadlock; stmr Santa Barbara, for San Fran
cisco.
BANDON—Arrived Jan 7—Schr Oakland,
hence Dec 10. _
PORT TOWNSEND —Balled Jan 7—Schr
Willis,A. Holden, for Shanghai.
PORT HARFORD —Balled Jan 7—Stmr Coos
Bay. for San Pedro; atmr Santa Cruz, for San
Francisco.
FOR THE WIVES
Dauofitersand Sweethearts
"FASHION MODELS"
Of the swellest and most up-to-date gowns will be issued by ;
THE SUNDAY CALL
to all its readers in the near future.
By special arrangement with The American Lithograph Com
pany THE CALL will place in the hands of every reader a beauti
ful form model (in colors), showing from week to week the very
latest patterns of gowns, garments, hats, etc., on the market. This
series of Fashion Models will run for several weeks and will cer
tainly prove of great interest to all lovers of beautiful designs in
garments. In addition to the series of models there is a figure
printed (in colors) on heavy cardboard, which is given with the first
model issued by this paper. Being printed on heavy atock it is not
easily mutilated or destroyed—all gowns fit this figure, are strictly
up-to-date and designed under the supervision of one of the best
fashion experts in this country. Every little detail is attended to
with the greatest care.
In all cases where it is appropriate a hat appears with the model
of costume and is designed to harmonise with it. The series in
cludes patterns ranging from shirt waists to ball gowns. The quality
of the fashion plates is unsurpassed.
Patterns for the gowns, etc., shown in models are manufactured
by the May Manton Pattern Company and may be secured through
•this paper.
Aside from the value as a pattern series it has great value as
a doll. The children will be delighted with such a creation, and each
Sunday they are supplied with a new gown, so that when the series
is complete they have a fine doll with an attractive wardrobe.
If you are not already a reader of THE CALL, be sure to sub
scribe soon and secure this series of FASHION MODELS.
FIRST "FASHION MODEL" WILL BE ISSUED WITH
THE NEXT SUNDAY CALL, JANUARY 15, i9°s-
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA-—Arrived Jan 7—Stmr Queen,
hence Jan 5; itmr Ramona, from Skagway.
Sailed Jan 7—Br atmr Aorangl. tor Bris
bane.
MAZATLAN—SaiIed Jan S—Stmr City of
Panama, for Ban Francisco; atmr San Joee.
for Ancon.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK—Arrived Jan 7—Stmr Car
pathian from Trieste; stmr La Tormina, from
Havre.
Balled Jan 7—Stmr Ivsrnia, for Liverpool;
stmr Deutschland, for Naples and Genoa; stmr
Philadelphia, for Southampton; stmr Pretoria,
for Hamburg, via Dover, and anchored In
Gravesend Bay.
NAPLES—Arrived Jan 4—Stmr 81ayonia,
from New York, for Trieste and Flume.
TRIESTE—Sailed January 7—Stmr Ultonla,
for New Yark.
HAVRE—Sailed Jan 7—Stmr La Gaacogne,
for New York.
GENOA—Sailed Jan s—Stmr Napolltan
Prince, for New York,
GLASGOW—SaiIed Jaa 7—Stmr Sardinian,
for Boston.
ANTWERP—SaiIed Jan 7—-Stmr Finland, for
New York, via Dover.
SOUTHAMPTON—Arrived Jan 7—Stmr Bt.
Louis, from New York, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg.
Sailed Jan 7—Stmr Naw York, for New
York, via Cherbourg.
CHERBOURG—SaiIed Jan 7—Stmr New
York, from Southampton, for New York.
ROTTERDAM—SaiIed Jan 7—Stmr Ryndam,
for New York.
FlUME—Sailed Jan 7—Stmr Ultonla, from
Naples, etc.. for New York.
LrVEßPOOL—Arrived Jan 7—Stmr Cam
pania, from New York. Jan ft—Stmr Machon.
from Seattle, via Yokohama, etc.. and London.
Sailed Jan 6—Stmr Umbria, for New York.
HONGKONG—Arrived prior Jan 7—Stmr Al
goa. hence Oct 31, via Yokohama.
Memoranda.
The U S stmr Dix from Manila, for 6an
Francisco. Dec 26, returned to Manila Jan 3.
Cause unknown.
Per stmr Edith, from Comox, Jan 7—Jan 1,
off Cane Flattery, had heavy southeast gale,
shifting cargo to port. Put back in straits for
twelv* hours to trim cargo.
LONDON, Jan. 6 —Kobe cablea bktn Ha
waii, previously reported arrived with cargo
on Are, is still burning.
SEATTLE. Jan. 7.—The stmr Santa Ana,
bound from here for Valdez. put back here,
having struck a rock in Hecate Narrows.
How would you like to be a turkey
with your feet tied and have a drunk
en man throw dice for you?
4344
JOilX D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHNJMcN A UGHT MisslSfSl
W. J.~MAjHtV ,~.. . Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Aek for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con
nect You with the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third, S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Btevenson st.
Delivered by Carrier. 20 Cts. Per Week, 73
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 6 Cts.
Terms by Mail Including Postage (Caah Wltn
Order): „_
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday), 1 y*ar...sß.oo
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday), 6 mos... 4.00
DAILY CALL—By Single Month 75c
SUNDAY CALL 1 Year 2.50
WEEKLY CALL, 1 Year 1. 1 - 00
FOREION "1 Daily.. .SB.BO Per Year Extra
IT™"™ I Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. J -weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copiee will be forwarded when re
quested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of ad
dress should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1088
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Canter Street Telephone North TT
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Post Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS I
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 81
Union Square; Murray HIU Hotal; Fifth-avenu*
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House- P. O. New* Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building.
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2819.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
i
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT.
C C CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of th* San Francisco CalL
corner Market and Third streets; open until
M 2 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 P. m.
M 7 Montgomery street, corner Clay, open unul
9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
689 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
•15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 M'ssion street; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until » p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
. RT2AL ESTATE —CITY —gQB BALE.
SPECK & CO.
200 Montgomery Street.
Selling. Rents collected.
Leasing. Insurance.
INCOME PROPERTIES.
'162,500—Splendid new building; 66 rooms; 20
baths; leased; cash security; rents
$4570; fine Investment; vicinity O'Far
rell and Powell sts.
$23,300—Corner In select section of Western
Addition; stores and flats above; lease
one tenant $2100 yearly; nets over 8
per cent; positively a good buy.
$21,300 —Exceptionally bright and sunny well
located new Western Addition flats; 36
feet corner lot; rents $2460 year; see
this.
$17,500—Harrison St., corner, close in; 66 ft.
frontage; good improvements and yield
ing an Income of over $2000 yearly; best
buy south of the Market st. for the
money.
$B,Boo—Fine Western Addition flats; lot 25x
122:6; renting for $75 50 monthly; make
offer.
$7,300— Dupont st. business property"; a sub
stantial investment; improvements in
flne condition; leased at $720 annually;
no reasonable offer refused; price re
duced for (juiek sale.
$C,2G0 —An exceptionally good paying invest
ment in flats; in best part Richmond
District; on 4 car lines and close to
park; will nay 20 per cent. or. invest
ment; see this sure; all rented.
$s,soo—Price reduced. New and cozy flats
in fine neighborhood; Western Addi
tion; nothing nicer for the money; 26
ft. lot: all rented at $660 yearly.
BUILDER'S REMODELING CHANCE.
$9,000 —Southeast corner Sutter and Scott sts. ;
10-room residence; convert into 4 stores
and flats above at a cost of $5000, and
same will easily rent for $175 month.
$50,000 —Corner In wholesale district, one block
from Market and California sts.; lot
46x100; old Improvements.
$63,000 —Large flne corner on Ellis street, east
of Larkin; 63-foot frontage on Ellis st.;
present rmarovements old; splendid lo
cation to improve with undisputed fu
ture.
RESIDENCES.
$35,000—Beautiful, modern ten-room residence;
Pacific Heights; magnificent marine
, view; lot 27:6x137:6 feet.
$15,500—Splendid California st. residence; 12
rooms; large grounds; vej-y choice.
$4,ooo—Beautifully appointed, new and dainty
cottage of 6 rooms; 25 foot lot In flne
neighborhood; Western Addition; a
bargain and very nice. We have others
LOTS.
$33,000— The most superbly located residence
site In the city; elegant neighborhood
and extended marine and city view;
cheapest purchase of its kind in the
... city; three frontages; 128x137:6 feet.
$25,500—Elegantly located residence site; Pa
cific Heights; choicest in city; 62 foot
--„ fr 2£ tage; unsurpassed marine view .
$4,2so—First avenue boulevard; near Lake
st.; 50-foot frontage.
$4,2so—Very choice Clay st. lot; 80x112 feet:
select neighborhood.
$1,450— Fine lot on Second aye.. near Park
this Is cheap.
We have a large list of lots in all sections
of tha ~! ty: . *° me »P«cial buys in the Rich
mond District.
SPECK & CO.,
209 Montgomery Street.
B. GETZ, Room 22, Chronicle bide
OWNER AND DEALER
of the
Finest Ocean Beach Block put on the market'
Graded and Fenced.!! Grass Bottom"!
BetWeen 47th and 48th avenues
Lots Ready to Build Upon—Perfect Bargains
Near Electric Car Line!! Very Easy Terms ii
$100 to $350. Ocean Heights Lots. $5 monthly.
8350 to $1200. Sunset Heights & Boulevard Lots!
NORTH OF THE PARK LOTS!!'
85th aye. Lots—Opp. Spreckels Lake and Park
Level Lots on Grassy Plateau—Easy Payments'
Only One Block From Electric Car Line. *
RICHMOND DISTRICT—LEVEL LOTS!!'
Graded. Sewered, Gas and Water—Easy Terms!
$150 up—Excelsior Homestead Level Lots"!
Best and Cheapest In the District—ss monthiy.
$100 —Ocean View Level Building Lots—ss mo.
$1000 to $8000 Cottages and Houses on Terms.
Buy Direct From the Owner! 11
For Map and Diagrams
Call at my office. Room 22, 2d Floor
Chronicle building.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Renta Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$10,000—North side Jackson, near Buchanan
good house of 8 roams and 2 baths; lot
85x117 to rear street; the lot alone Is
worth price asked.
113,000—West line of Stelner, near Vallejo;
handsome modern house of 10 rooms.'
furnace. bl!llard-room, solar heater- all
conveniences for comfortable housekeep
ing; lot 27:Cx110.
$C.500 —Octavia, near Broadway; good house
of 7 rooms; nice view of bay from front,
bare lot is worth the price; 25x137.
830,000—Fifty vara. NE. corner Larkin and
Lombard sts.; grand marine view; street
work all done
HAWKS at SKELTON, 323 Montgomery at.
3. R. SAUL * CO., 843 Clement, nr. 6th aye
RICHMOND DISTRICT.
$8000 —New store on Clement st, with 7-room
and bath flat above; leased for $70 a
month: best business nroperty In district
$£000—House of 11 rooms and bath on 3d aye.'
-can easily be converted Into flats.
$6230 —New flats, 6 and 6 rooms and bath
rented for $47 50 a month; abundance of
lftrht in every room; always rented.
$3750 —California-Bt. home, consisting of 7
rooms and bath, with high basement, in
laid floors, gas and electric fixtures, etc.;
this is something good; see it.
$1100—8th-ave. lot, on grada: ready to build
on; 25x120 ft.; near O. G. Park; street
bitumintzed: on electric car line.
J. R SAUL &'CO, 843 Clement, nr. 6th aye.
Richmond.
1 HAVE 20 flne paying flats for sale; positive
bargain; intending purchasers please apply
to owner. 142 Fulton st
REAL ESTATE—CITY—FOR SALE.
G. H. I'MBS EN & CO., 20 Montgomery st
AUCTION
AUCTION
t AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
; _ AUCTION
Of investment, residence and unimproved prop
cities will be held Tuesday, January 10, 1305
at our salesroom. 20 Montgomery St., at li
o'clock, noon.
CHOICE CORNER RESIDENCE.
; 2315 California st.. HE. cor. of Middle at.
bet. Webster and Fillmore sts.; a well bull
and nicely finished residence of 9 rooms anc
bath; basement containing 2 rooms; lot 25)
CALIFORNIA STREET RESIDENCE.
"I*s California st., bet. lAguna and Bu
chanan sts.; a two-story residence of ter
rooms and bath, in good order; lot 24x137:6
a very choice residence section.
PINE STREET RESIDENCE.
19C9 Pine st., bet. Octavia and Laguna sts.,
desirable two-story residence of 9 rooms an<
bath; key lot, 27:ta120.
SACRAMENTO STfiEET RESIDENCE.
3421 Sacramento st.,lbet. Walnut and La ur *
sta.; new residence of 9 rooms and batn
modern in every respect; lot 28:0x100.
A. SACHS ESTATE.
Executrix Sale. .
; SU4-2114i,i Baker st., east line, bet. Wash
ington and Jackson sts.; 2 flats of 8-6 rooms
and bath each; rents $02 50 per mo.; lot 26s
lev
LACUNA STREET INVESTMENT.
2914-2916 Laguna St., east line, bet. Union
and Filbert sta.; improvements consist of a2
story dwelMng of 8 rooms and bath, also cot
! tage of 4 rooms, and brick stable in rear; iarg*
| lot. 85x187:6 irr.
MISSION FLATS.
4030-4082 Army st., north line, bet Sanchej
and Noe sts.; 2 fiats of 4 rooms and batn
each; rents 921; lot 26:8x114.
PARK BUILDING LOTS. _
Oak st., south line, bet. Baker and Proderiek
sts.; 2 choice lots overlooking the park pan
! handle, else 25x137:6 each.
CHOICE BUILiLING LOT.
Alpine St., west line. bet. Duboce aye. and
I 14th st.; choice lot, 25x90.
j BARTLETT STREET RESIDENCE.
4SI Uartlett st.. east line. bet. 29th and
j 26th sta.; a comfortable residence of 13 rooms
and bath, inlaid floors, etc.; nice lawa and
garden; stable In rear; lot 52:6x117:6.
GOLDEN GATE PARK EXTENSION
BOULEVARD. W
SW. cor. Point Lobos and 14th ares.; tan
choice building lots fronting the boulevard
I drive from Golden Gate Park to Presidio,
' making this very choice residence property;
also cottage with barn, well, windmill, and
lot 250x120 irr; rent, $25 per mo.
TERMS—OnIy one-third cash, balance can
remain at 6 per cent, payable in one or two
years.
For catalogue and further particular* apply
at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO.,
20 Montgomery at.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st.
$25,000 —Rents $2350 per annum; one of th*
best comers in the Mission; a 4-story
and basement building, containing 2
stores and lodging-house: a splendid
holding.
$20,000—McAllister st.; a large, handsome resi
dence, elegantly finished, containing 0
rooms; large garden and lawn; com
manding an unobstructed view; lot 55x
137:6; property must be sold in order
to close an estate; make offer.
$16,500 —NW. corner on Washington St., opp.
plaza: desirable residence of 12 rooms
and finished basement; lot 27:8Uxll0.
$15,000—Rents $1500 per annum; near Geary
and Laguna sts.; 3 modern flats of 0-7
rooms and bath each; lot 27:6 feet
front.
$14,500— Reduced; rents $1440 per annum; Mc-
Allister st., close to Pierce; 3 ele
gant flats of 7 rooms and bath each;
lot 27x137:6; a splendid buy.
$9,750 —Rents $1020 per annum; Dolores St.;
2 good buildings, containing 4 flats
of 5-4 rooms and bath each; ranted
low; a snap.
$7,soo—Rents $600 per annum; Devlsadero st;
2 modern flats of 6-7 rooms and bath
each: rents can easily be Increased;
lot 25x106.
$6,250 —Rents $612 per annum: 2 modern and
well-built flats of 6-5 rooms; close to
the Park; desirable location; lot 25x
110
$5,650 —Near Seventh and Mission sts.; rents
$528 per annum; 2 modern flats of
5-4 rooms and bath; unfinished base
ment suitable for another fiat; bank
mortgage $2500 can remain.
$3,250 —Rents $420 per annum; near Seventh
and Folsom sts.; improvements con
sist of dwelling, 2 flats and stable;
large lot. 54x81.
$2,250 —Guerrero st.: choice building lot for
residence or flats; 25x125.
$1,50G —Fair Oaks St.; 2 desirable building
lots for residence or flats; surrounded
by choice residences; 25x125 each.
For further particulars of the above and for
the Real Estate Record, containing a list of
properties for sale In all parts of the city,
inquire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery St.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneer*.
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY^
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
$25,000 —A prominent corner on Sacramento
St., "near the water front; renting for
$135 per month.
$9,750 —30x103; Broderlck St., near Green;
two substantially constructed new fiats,
renting for $75 per month; marine view.
$8,250—27:6x137:6; Page *L, nr. Webster;
Improvements consist of residence of
10 rooms and bath.
$12.000 —57:6x60 to rear street; corner Union
and Mason sts.; improvements, store and
flats, renting for $89 50.
$5,000—137:6x137:6; cor. Broderlck and Beach
sts.; rapidly growing locality.
$5,500 —65x115; Capp. near 25th; small flata
erected upon this property would pay
large rate of Interest.
$6,000 —Larkin st., near Greenwich; Improve
ments consist of house of Aye rooms
and bath; renting for $25.
$7,000 —Broadway, near Van Ness aye.*; im
provements consist of two flats of 5 and
6 rooms.
$7,500 —25x107:6; Sacramento st., near Spmc*;
2 modern flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath: renting for $60.
$8,250—25x125; Clayton at., nr. Frederick;
well built, modern residence;, 10 rooms
and bath.
W. B. McGERRT A CO.
230 Bush st.. Mills bldg., Ground Floor.
$18,500— Ellis st., close in; 6 flats; great bar
gain.
$7,250— Rents $930 per year; 2 brand new
flats. 5 and 6 rooms and store; bargain;
Mission warm belt.
$4.800 —Pine St., house, north side; 8 rooms
and bath; flne condition; cheap.
$4,750 —Minna st.. near 7th; 2 extra flne flats,
4 and 5 rooms and bath; brick founda
tion; modern plumbing; examine these
and you will buy; rents $438.
$7,000—2 very elegant new flata on corner,
warm belt Mission; 5 and 6 rooms; renta
$780; owner leaving city; must sell this
week.
$4,000— Elegant 7-room house; Capp st.; great
buy.
$3,000 —Florida-st. cottage, 5 rooms and bath;
modern; north side.
$2,soo—Cottage, vicinity 16th and Churcn; 8
rooms; porcelain bath; snap.
ONLY A FEW LEFT. «
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 tor choice lota. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on grade;
close to flne school and Mlsston-st. electrlo
cars; bound to double' in value.
$400 each on»installments of $10 per month;
no taxes: flne lots, near Ocean boulevard;
best residence location south of Golden Gats
Park; these are the cheapest lots In this dis
trict; advancing In price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
28_Montgcrnery st., r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
$10,600— iNCLUDlNa~bituminlslng of street;
terms to suit; 3 swell sunny flats not yet
completed: rents $1080 per annum; every
known possible latest Improvement; 16 min
utes from City Hall: 7th-ave. boulevard, near
Fulton st.; close to the Park; 6 car lines, one
runs all night. Apply from 11 to 4 Sev
enth aye.. near Fulton st.
A GOOD WAY TO START THE NEW YEAR.
Buy a lot In the city of Richmond Just
across the bay from San Francisco, where the
Standard Oil Company. Santa Fe Railroad and
other big corporations are spending millions of
dollars.
ONLY $5 PER MONTH.
Send for maps. free.
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY.
Crocker Building, San Francisco.
$1660—NEW, modern cottage, 5 rooms and
bath; $300 cash, bal. $15 per mo.; flne loca
tion; must sell at once. 3310 Mission st.
$250; HALF cost and value: 75x100 ; 3 lots on
corner, near electric cars; title perfect
ROTHERMEL & CO.. 507 California st.
IF you are looking for city property or a home
In Berkeley, Oakland or Alameda, call or
send for our selected list. ROTHERMEL &
CO., 507 California st. #
$7500—2022 PINE St.; flne residence, 8 rooms
and bath; flne garden; offer wanted. F.
HOLTUM. owner, 517 California st.
GOOD 6-room cottage; Sunset District; bar
gain; $600 down, rest same as rent; price
$1200. Box 3556. Call office.
$3650 —FOR quick sale; handsome home, over
! looking 24th St.; 7 rooms; large bath: drive
way and stable. Box 8220, Call office.
COTTAGES for sale on terms same as rent
Apply owner, lumber JfXrd, corner Army and
Condon sts.
I 2 HOUSES In Richmond District; splendid lo
| cation. Box 3004, Call office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905.
REAL ESTATE—CITT — TO%\ BAtB.
BALDWIN St HOWELL,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
City agents for Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company. Send us your name and we will
i forward you without any cost to you, our
booklet, "Buyer and Seller." containing a
complete list of choice real estate holdings
for sale.
; $20,000—Rent $2040 per annum; 6 new sunny
flats; modern Improvements; centrally
located: Julian aye., near 14th st. car;
transfer corner; within 10 minutes'
walk of City Hall, new postofflce and
manufacturing district.
' $12,000—Filbert st, near Mason; large lot, 44k
137:6, containing 4 flats of 6 and S
rooms and batb each and 2-story house
of 7 rooms and bath; rents for $96 par
month.
$8,000 —Bryant-st. corner; new and modern
building, containing store and flat of 5
rooms and bath; rents $55 per month;
lease has 4Va years to run; mortgage of
$4000 can remain.
$11,800 —Post »t.. near Van Ness; fine house of
11 rooms, bath, conservatory, steam
heating, etc. ; lot 27:6x120 to rear street;
very comfortable home; rents for $65
per month.
$9.2f©—Stockton-st. corner, well In; 2-story
building, consisting of store and 15
rooms above; rented tor $72 60 per
month; modern plumbing and in good
condition.
$78,000—O'Farrell-st corner; 5 minutes' walk
from Market st.; large lot. 50x90, with
L 22x22; frame building* renting for
$200 per month; splendid sit* for nsw
brick building.
$2,750—1n the warm belt of the Mission; 2
flat* of 4 and 5 room* and rear cot
tage renting for $26 par month; large
lot. 60x114; well in. near Nineteenth st,
$18,750—Post st., near Cough; 2 fine, new
flat* of 7 and 12 room* and bath;
renting for $105 par month; fine lot.
81 feet frontage; splendid neighborhood. !
$28,000—Halght-at corner; lot 56:8x73; 2 build.
Ing*. consisting of store on corner and
4 flats, all In excellent condition; rent i
$176 per month.
$4,ooo—Jones St., near Broadway; 8 flat* ot j
4-4 and 5 rooms; rents for $36 per
month; must be sold to close an estate;
make an offer. V
$3,ooo—Nice cottage of % rooms and bath oa
Fourth aye.; Richmond District; flna
lot. 26:6x120; convenient to the oars.
82,750 —Baker st., near Golden Gat* aye.;
choloe lot, 25x121; In fin* neighborhood;
street work all done; ready to build.
$15,000 —Geary St., near Larkin; On* lot, 25x
120, containing old Improvement* rent
ing for $66 per month; splendid building
site.
j $4,soo—First aye., near the Park; nloe cot- I
tage of 6 rooms and, bath; lot 25x120; '
high basement and attic; basement could
be converted into flat; rent $37 50 per
month.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS PROPERTY.
SELLING FAST.
Ready for building; only a few of these
choice marine view lots left: In block bounded
by Vallejo, Green, Broderlck and Baker sta;
property on official grade; streets and cross
ings; sewered; low prices on terms to suit.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 Poet st.
BALDWIN & HOWELL
25 POST ST.
PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
Finest subdivision of home building lot*
offered to the public In years; Parnassus
Heights fronts the Golden Gate Park on H
St., and extends from First to Seventh ayes.
(the boulevard), and back to the Affiliated
Colleges.
Our office on the ground, corner of H and
Seventh aye.: open every day. including Sun
days; attendant with rig to snow you around.
$6300—SACRAMENTO, near East; equity In
good piece of business property close to wa
ter front; 80-feet front; leases will expire In
about one year; needs new building, which :
will pay good Interest; hank mortgage $7200
can remain; make offer.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
25 Post st.
WILLIAM CRANSTON CO..
Successors to R. D. Cranston & Sons,
114—Montgomery st.—ll4
SPLENDID BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$15,260 —At Haight st. and Masonic aye.:
stores and "-room flats, renting for $115
monthly.
NEAR SUTTER AND FILLMORE.
$7,750 —Two fine well-built flats renting for
$60; deep lot, high basement, chicken
yard, etc.
PANHANDLE COTTAGE.
$3.850 —0 rooms; bay windows; a cosy home.
RESIDENCE INSIDE OF FILLMORE.
$6,000 —Sunny side of street; 8 rooms and
bath; lot 25x137:6; a bargain.
LEASED STORE PROPERTY.
$27.500 —Stores and flats; rented very low for
$2400; excellent business street; sub
stantial new building.
SUNNY MISSION FLATS.
$6,750— Rent $67 50; three new flats; lot 26x
100.
NORTHWEST CORNER LOT.
$4,ooo—Near Park Panhandle; good business
corner; 25x107:6: on car line.
CALIFORNIA-ST. RESIDENCE.
$11,000 —Large lot; stylish front and Interior;
near Laguna St.; 15 rooms and bath.
I COZY HOME ADJOINING DUBOCD PARK.
] $s,Boo—Cut from $6000; 6 rooms and bath;
looking into one of the prettiest of th*
city's parks; modern plumbing; perfect
condltloon.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$6,750 —ircular bay windows; sunny side; flne
appearance; driveway and stable for
automobile or horses: large lot; 8
rooms; near Laguna st
BDDY-ST. CORNER FLATS.
$5,500 —6-7 rooms and bath; excellent build
ing; bargain.
INCOME PROPERTY.
$9,7so—Rented $90; McAllister at; three now
6-room flats.
SOUTH MARKET.
$5,350-Four flats in excellent condition; rent
I $848.
WILLIAM CRANSTON CO.,
114—Montgomery at—ll4
FLORIN L JONES & CO., Real Estate Agta,
Room 224, second floor, Mills building.
88,600 —Lot 25:9x107; 6 rooms, bath and base
ment; Bush st.; good buy.
$12,000—Choice residence in Pasadena; 9 rooms,
bath, basement; gas, electricity; NE.
corner; 80x195; on Marengo-ave. bou
levard; street paved; immediate posses
sion; will exchange for S. F. on account
of owner being a non-resident; this $15 -
000 value Is offered for $12,000; lot
cheap at $10,000; Improvement cost
$7500.
$14,000 —Choice modern 9-room residence; hard
wood floors; artistic plans; built for
home; owner must leave city; bargain.
$52,500 —Income property: 47:6x137:6; stores
and flats; rent $310; Larkin St., bet.
Geary and OFarrell; excellent order;
always rented; right In the line of im
provements; Improvements good.
$10,000—Good Pacific Heights comer residence;
13 rooms.
I $B,2so—Fine north side lot on Pacific Heights,
23x187:6.
1 $18,000—Choice NE. corner; 45x126; Van Ness
aye.; fine residence site.
$7,600 —Well built: 8 rooms and bath; Paclflo
Heights residence; good value.
$48,000 —Rent $442; flne corner apartments.
$18,000 —Choice modern Pacific Heights resi
dence; Broadway.
FLORIN L. JONES St CO.. Mill* building.
TOWN LOTS.
NEW TOWN OF BERNHARD,
The new smelter town on the line of S. P.
R. R one-half mile from Kennett, 12 miles
from Redding. On the direct road to De La
Mar, and adjacent to the largest copper
mines in California, the Mammoth. Bala
Clala, Gollnsky, Trinity and others.
Agent*—B. GOLINSKY. Kennett,
J. W. HARE. Redding.
HENRY STERN.
Real Estate and Insurance.
Loans Negotiated.
Telephone James 5081. 11 Montgomery st.
$13.000 —THE best hotel proposition In Cali
fornia, clearing $1000 per month; feeding 300
people dally; 70 rooms. This price includes
land, buildings, furniture, bar and fixtures.
HENRY STERN.
Real Estate and Insurance Agent
11 Montgomery Street.
FOR SALE.
Finely furnished residences.
Fifth aye. and Hugo st.
Sunset district
WM. KOENIG. Owner.
$57,500—RENT $348; Post, nr. Powell; bar
gain.
$12,600—Fillmore, nr. Cal.; stores and flats.
$5000— Rent $68; large lot; brick building.
Purchasers only. Address box 3259, Call.
BEAt. BS"ATI- r fllTT-I'OB SAM.
THORNE at KILPATRICK.
812 Bash St., near Montgomery.
SPECIAL
CHOICE CORNER.
Castro it., a short distance south of 18th;
35x125; on grade and ready for building; posi
tively will be sold for best offer received by
Monday' noon; a chance to double your money.
CHEAPEST FINE LOTS DM THE CITY.
UNiON ST
[g76i27.6j27 6j2?<,127»,i7» 'gold "j?
I I • Sold g]
' i » 1 1 Sold S <
II Mi 1
4- _I __ 5 v
•a tj 2 2 2 ' 2J —r-r: —3 z
(2.7.»12rfe12?6k70|27«>|27fcj .«i El
SRttN ST
West side of Van Ness aye., bet. Green and
Union sta.; only $200 per foot; the Van Neas
aye. lots ax* 27:6x101:7 4-6.
South aid* of Union at., west of Vaa Ness
aye.; lots 27:6x137:6; price $3500.
All of these lota are level and on grad*|
I streets bltu mini zed and accepted by the city;
surrounded by elegant modern Improvements;
certain to increase in value rapidly; quality
considered, they are th* cheapest lota in the
I city to-day; a good buy for home. Investment
( or speculation; title perfect; early spring will
{ see some coatly buildings go up on thla block; I
; they are to be erected by customers who have
already purchased lota.
ANOTHER FINE LOT.
Th* northeast oor. of Washington st. and
Presidio aye. (formerly Central), 127:8%x90:ll;
has recently been graded and cement bulk
headed all ready for building; marine view
overlooking Presidio; will subdivide to suit
purchaser; prices right.
RICHMOND CORNER.
Southwest corner California st. and 6th aye.;
50x30; on Turk and Eddy electric line; Callfor
nla-st road Is about to be changed to electric;
j $3500.
CHEAP LOTS.
! Cor. and 8 Inside lots at California st and
21st aye.; each 80 ft front: level and on I
grade; sewers in; these lots will be worth much
I more money when steam road 1* changed to
| electric; new rails, etc, on the ground.
NEW FLATS.
Chestnut at. nr. Leavenworth; 2 new flat*; 5
and 8 rooms, baths; built for a home, but ow.
ing to circumstances, owner forced to sell; all
modem improvements; marine view; rents $760
per year; price $7200.
THORNE & KILPATRICK,
_ 812 BUSH ST.
MADISON A BURKE
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
Established January, 1868.
SO Montgomery st Opposite Lick House.
840,000— Corner on Octavia st, near Butter; '
flats renting for over 0 per cent; lot
60x87:6.
$22,500— Hayea at., near Gough: beat block on
Hayes at; stores and flats; large lot;
rented low at $120.
$20,000—Powell-at. business property; 88-foot
front running through to rear street;
eld Improvements paying $1260 per an*
num.; fine property to Improve.
$s,2oo—Montgomery' aye., near Chestnut: $
modern sunny flats with large basement;
2 frontages; rents $604 yearly.
$2,soo—Alabama st.; large lot. 50x80, with B
room house; must be sold.
$B,ooo—Store and flat, 6 rooms and bath
above; on Oak st.; rent $680 per an
num; thla Is worth looking Into.
$8,000 —Folsom st., near Seaond; north side of
street; large lot and house of 13 rooms. |
CHOICE INCOME PROPERTY.
88.000 —Two fine lots; Beulah at, near Stan
yan; 60x187:8.
82,450— Lot 25x125. on fine street soar Du
boce Park and Stelner st; lino lot for
flat*; all new Improvements on the block.
$5,000 —Fine home, 8 rooms and bath, on Sec
ond aye., near the Park.
Lot* 27:6x187:6. on Sutter at, between Stelner
and PI ere*.
Building lota, NE. corner Golden Oat* are.
and Baker St.; in sizes to suit; prices
from $2000 upward.
MADISON A BURKE,
80 Montgomery st, opp. Lick House.
O. A. TURNER A CO.
$500—$10 per month.
Home Lots
That Are
Roma Lots,
Richmond or Sunset District*,
We have 150 lots, every on* level.
Ready to build on.
We would impress upon the minds of intend
ing purchaser*:
That every lot wo offer ia graded.
None more than 1 block from car line.
All ready to build on. We have opened
a branch office at 24th and Point Lobe* ayes.
where we are offering an entire block
in L"'» rsnge In price from
$750 —$10 per month. Block la graded,
street work done, water, gaa and sewer In,
This office will be open every Sunday.
Our automobile In readiness to show you
over our holding*.
Lota on Clement st. graded.
Lots on Point LoVw aye. graded.
Lot* on A st. graded.
Lota on B st. graded.
Lots on all avenues from 12th to the Beach,
where streets are graded.
Some fine bargains on H st., facing ths Park
at Chain of Lake* station, also on 42d aye.,
Vi a block from the Park.
The terms are arranged to suit.
We offer nr. lots that are not ready to build on.
G. A. TURNER A CO., 812 Montgomery at
A PARTIAL LIST OF OUR HOLDINGS.
IN MISSION DISTRICT:
23d at. near Castro.
Duncan at, near Church; perfectly level.
26th st.. near Dolores; beautiful level lota; .
sewered; cement walk.
West aye., % block from Mission at
Lota near Corbett aye.. at a snap.
RICHMOND DISTRICT.
11th aye., bet. Clement and California sta.
10th aye., bet. California and Lake sts.
25th aye.. near Lake at.
29th aye., bet Point Lobos aye. and A st.
And various other locations in the Rich
mond.
OCEAN VIEW LOTS:
Ctoae to the Ocean boulevard, on 47th aye..
near Fulton St.: also on C at., bet. 46th and
47th hves.; beautiful lots commanding marine
view; good car connection* and close to Cliff
House.
Our pricea are reasonable: terms to suit you
at low rate of Interest; give us a chance to
P.--re with you on a lot or a home to be
built.
WBISSBEIN BROS. A CO.. Owner*,
616 SACRAMENTO BT.
LOTS 810 PER MONTH.
LOTS $10 PER MONTH.
LOTS $10 PER MONTH.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
PRICE $350 AND UP.
TAKE GUERRERO AND 14TH ST. CARS
GET OFF AT CORNER CASTRO AND
CHENERY STS.
SEE THESE LOTS TO-DAY; 56 HOUSES
BUILT AND IN COURSE OF CONSTRUC
TION ON THIS TRACT. WATER MAINS
LAID. STREETS GRADED. SEWERED AND
MACADAMIZED, ALL READY TO BUILD
ON. ONLY A FEW STEPS FROM THE
CARS. CONVENIENT TO STORES,
SCHOOLS AND CHURCHES.
REPRESENTATIVE ON GROUNDS EV
ERY DAY AND SUNDAY.
RIVERS BROS . 205 MONTGOMERY ST.
$4000—2 FLATS of 5 and 6 room* and b. > 29th.
$4500—2 new flats: 4 A 6 r. and b.: Vermont.
83800—2 flats; 5 A 6 r. and b.; Dolores at
$4500—2 new flat*; 4 A 6 r. and b.; Ryan.
85000—2 flats; 5 A 6 r. Ab. ea.; 19th-York.
$4000—2 flats; 8 A 4 r. and b.; Capp A 18th.
$2800—2 flata; 4 A 6 r. A b.; 70-72 Whitney.
D. COFFIN. 2628 Mission at., near 21at.
$36,000—SIZE of lot over 6000 square feat;
extra large front improvements; rents for
$150 per month; located 5 blocks from Pow
ell nnd Market sts.: on one of the main
streets north of Market; 3-5 of lot vacant:
if $6000 is expended would rent for $300 per
month. Address box 3322, Call office.,
ARTIBTIC cottage, 5 rooms, bath, conserva
tory, servant's room; large basement; fine
brick mantel*; stable; lot 25x130; 1% block*
from Park; S minute* from 4 car lines; open
to-day, 12 to 4. 650 9th aye., bet B and C. i
NOTlCE—Contractor* and builders—We want
»gAA jmrA-rm—errr—row Bam.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEB A CO.,
218 and 220 Montgomery St.,
Mills Building.
* »
RICHMOND LOTS.
$900 to $1500—Fifth and Sixth avenues; car
line* on both street*. Block ha* just
been placed on the market. Cash or
terms.
$15,275—Natoma. near Second st, 70 feet
front; frame Improvement*; rents,
$105. Fine Investment.
$15,000—Eighth St., next to corner of Mission;
40 feet front, with frame improvements.
$12,000—Central aye., near McAllUter; store
and 3 flats (new building); rents $115 a
month; 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x106:3
feet.
$B,2so—Pay* $85 per month; new building;
store and two flats above; store leased
for Aye year*; 1 block north Of Market
st; handsome gaa and electric fixtures;
dining rooms paneled in weathered oak;
lot 25x116 feet.
$35,000—MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE
First floor; large living room. 34x17 feet; fin
ished in oak, with beamed ceiling; re
ception room, dining room, kitchen,
etc.; hardwood floors throughout.
Second floor; Contain* 4 bedrooms
and bath.
Attic: Contain* 8 room* and bath;
lot 85x127:9%; view can n*ver be taken
away.
$6,6oo—Larkin corner, near Lombard; grand
marine view of Golden Gate and bay;
lot 25x105 feet.
$13,600—Fillmore at., business property; ator*
and 2 flata; renta $90; rented very low;
close to transfer point; lot 25x80:6 f*et
to alley.
MARINE VIEW.
EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
Overlooking the Golden Gate; 27th ava..
north of Lake St.; these lot* especially
adapted for homes, being 87:8 feet wide
by a depth of 120 feet; price $1300 each;
or term*; street work and eewer com
pleted. Agent on land Sunday* to show
lota
$12,000—Pay* $125 a month 1 small street
- south of Market near Sixth; rents can
• be raised; lot 80x117:6; fine invest
ment
$15,000— Bill* at. near Polk; substantial Im
provements; lot 27:6x120 feet to rear
street; fine Investment.
$7,000 —Shrader »t.. near Carl; flat*, 5-7
rooms and bath; just finished; every
modern convenience: renta $60 per
month; both flats leased; lot 25x100 ft;
an exceptional bargain.
$s,7oo—Shrader St.. near Carl; Panhandle;
residence Just finished: every modern
Improvement; 7 rooms and bath; lot
25x100 feet; very artistic.
POPE TRACT.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE LOTS.
CREAM OF THE PANHANDLE PROPERTY.
SITUATE ON COLE. SHRADER. ORAT
ION AND ALMA STREETS.
FIRST SUBDIVISION.
Streets and lots graded, macadamized and
sewered; every lot ready to build on. For
further particulars, prices, etc.. Inquire at our
office. Special inducement* offered to builders, j
Get a copy of our printed list of properties '
for aale.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEB A CO..
218 and 220 Montgomery st.. Mills bldg.
HOAG A LANSDALE,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
TWO BEAUTIFUL HOMES.
TWO BEAUTIFUL HOMES.
TWO BEAUTIFUL HOMES.
TWO BEAUTIFUL HOMES.
On the corner of Willard st. and Parnassus
aye.; 2 new artlstlo residences. Just completed;
9 rooms and bath each; both lots are corner*
and have 60 foot frontage; take Ellis or
Haight st. cars and transfer to Masonic aye.,
which cars will bring you to the property;
price, $8000 and $8500; be sure and see them;
agent will be on hand from 10 a. m. till 4
p. m.
_____
WILL TRADE
WILL TRADE
For vacant property as part pay, 8 fine new
flat*, half block from Golden Gat* Park; built
by day labor; lower flat leased 2 years for
$32 50; middle flat leased 2 years for $33; up
per flat leased for 1 year for $82 50; lot 30x
100; pricw-$ll,OOO.
See sth and 6th ayes., against th* Presidio
wall; grading and bitumen street work Just
completed; no flats; secure your choice In this
beautiful property; large lota.
WESTERN ADDITION PLATS.
On Broderick St., near Fell; 2 good flats, 8
and 6 rooms, 7-foot basements; with few re*
pairs will bring $66 per month; owner must
sell; price $6500.
COTTAGE ON SUTTER,
Six rooms and bath; in Al condition; sun all
day; 80 feet frontage; price $4650.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOT.
With permanent marine view; lot 84 feet
front; worth $200 per foot; price $185 per foot
BUCHANAN-ST. HOME.
Near Sutter; good house of 8 room* and
bath; key lot; sunny; 26x137:6; price $8250.
Fine sunny key lot on Green at, near Octa
via; *lee 29:8x137:6; price reduced to 829001
cheap lot
HOAG A LANSDALE,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. !
Do you realize that the growing city of San
Francisco has only a small area ot
Ocean Beach?
Astounding prices will be obtained for lots
fronting the ocean in near future.
We offer the only graded lots fronting right
on boulevard, ocean and park.
$450 to $1000—Unobstructed ocean and park
view. Lots on easy terms. None Ilk*
them In this city. Selling rapidly at
our low prices and terms. Don't
miss this opportunity; see them
to-day.
$100 to $360—Near park and ocean; $6 monthly.
Get off car at our Oceansids branch office on
corner H st. and 47th aye., open dally
and Sunday.
$300 to $1100—Choicest Sunset and Richmond
lot*. On Installments.
$100 to $400 —Level Excelsior Homestead lota.
Near cars. $5 monthly.
$1260 to $3000—Modern cottages In Sunset,
Richmond, Oceanslde and Mission;
• easy terms.
BOD GETZ & SON, Owners and Dealers,
Room 64, fourth floor. Chronicle bldg,
E. H. LANCE * CO..
26 Montgomery Street. Room 10.
Facing Golden Gate Park —Fulton or "D"
street and Twentieth aye—cream of the Rich
mond Addition, residence property with match
less marine view and landscape. A few 30
-foot frontage lots being sold at a sacrifice on
the monthly payment system; easy terms.
$7200—TWO up-to-date, flats; well rented; '
mortgage can remain; 5 and 6 rooms- must
•ell: Sutter st.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
$20,000—CORNER In the Mission; store, flats
and cottage; lots 75x100; rent $140; flne op
portunity.
McEWEN BROS., "118 Montgomery st
POINT RICHMOND
PLACE TO BUT LOTS.
$5 per month.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
$5 PER month; flne level lot; ready for build
ing; at Ocean View, one block from cars
and station; very cheap; can have a house
built on thi* for you if you wish.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
NEW 6-room house; designed by Albert Farr;
1639 I st,, near 17th aye., one block south
Golden Gate Park; key next door; small pay
ment down, balance monthly. Inquire room
1212. Call building. r*
MARKET STREET CORNER
FOR SALE.
Northeasj Castro, lot 93x118, for only $18,500.
Belongs to an estate and will be sold quickly.
Please see and call early. Liberal terms If
desired. JULIEN SMITH,
Real Estate Agent, 420 Montgomery st.
' " i
$7000 —HALF cash; new. sunny flats; frescoed,
tinted; 5 and 6 rooms; baths; attio. 2088
-2087 Golden Gate aye., near Central.
MMAX, 3«BTATB— MAXim.
LTON St HOAG.
118 Montgomery st.
Send for our printed list of property for
sale in all sections of the city.
EXCELLENT RENTING PROPERTY.
86760—Price reduced to effect quick sale;
rents $612; building of 3 flats, 4-4-5 rooms;
' | vacancies unheard of in this section; backing
| into main street, near Mission and Sixth sts.
FLATS IN WEBTBRN ADDITION.
! $11.000—Rents $1230; 3 fine flats, built about
2 years; contain 6 rooms and bath each; parlors
' finished in birdseye maple; abundance of closet ;
' room; good section for renting.
BEAUTIFUL NEW HOME NEAR PARK.
$7500—51500 cash, balance $100 monthly; i
! English basement house; brand new; 10 rooms;
latest sanitary plumbing; lots of sun; key lot;
big rooms; 2 blocks from Haight and Cole;
good neighborhood; now leased for on* year at
< $60 per month.
TWO FLATS CHEAP.
$3000—Rents $432; near Eighteenth and Hat
tie; 2 flats. 4 and 5 rooms and bath; everything
. in first-class condition.
SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
$3500—Two flats of 5 room* and bath each;
: large lot. 2700 square feet; abundance of sun
I and light; street bitumlnized; near Hampshire
! and Twenty-third sts.
GOOD PROSPECTIVE VALUE.
$2750 —Two-story building. 7 rooms and bath;
arranged for 2 families; 2 sinks, etc.; rent
! $35; near Castro and Twenty-fourth St. cars.
BARGAIN SOUTH OF MARKET.
$4250—Near Seventh and Mission; 8 flata. 4
; rooms each, and rear house of 4 rooms; re-
I cently remodeled and put In flrat-clas* snap*;
i porcelain sinks; rents $468.
GOOD-FATING INVESTMENTS.
! $2600— Rents $300; 2 good substantial flat*
|In fine condition. 4 rooms and bath each;
near Twenty-second and Church eta.
A SNAP—MISSION COTTAGE.
88500—Good cottage of 8 large room* and
bath; driveway and stable: exceedingly well
built; lot over 80 feet frontage; street accept
ed; make offer; near Howard and 23d sta.
ELEGANT PROSPECTIVE VALUE.
$5500— Rents $670; 2 exceptionally well-built
flats. Just completed; contain 4 and 8 rooms
and bath; finished Jm latest style; street
bitumlnized; Clement sv. These flats are bound
Ito Increase In value.
LTON It HOAG, 118 Montgomery st.
I $1600 TO $2250. .
$1600 TO $2250.
DBVTSADBRO ST.
DUBOCB AYE.
Thousands of dollars have been fcsnt grad-
BBS the new tract two blocks south of Haight
1 and Devisadero sts.
The streets have been sewered, graded and
I bitumlnized and accepted by the city.
This tract is charmingly situated. It is
protected from the wind by Buena Vista Park
on the west and Duboc* Park lies directly
below it.
The views of the olty and lower bay are
superb. The lots are large, mostly 80-feet
front, thus assuring an abundance of light
and sun.
Please note the low prices. Lots on an
accepted street, within 10 minutes' walk of
Haight and Market st*.. and a choice neigh
borhood, too, for only $70 per front foot,
THEY ARB GOING FAST.
36 SOLD TO DATE.
___ \
In order to Improve the property and glv*
It a character a number of artlstlo houses
have been built by the owner, which will be i
, sold at absolute cost, on very easy terms.
How to get there. Take Haight st. car to
Devisadero or Scott, walk two block* south.
LTON St HOAG.
116 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION!
1 ATTENTION!
j ONLY A FEW LOTS LEFT. BE QUICK. I
! Look at the splendid lots we are selling on
! sunny side of Waller st.. between Ashbury and
Clayton; any frontage you may desire; price
$110 per front foot; $2750 for 25x137:6. Where
In the Panhandle can you buy lots so prettily
situated at these figures? •
LYON * HOAG, 116 Montgomery *t
= I
TWO corner flat*, Ju*t built, bring 12 per
' cent, for *ale. Owner and builder, 808
Castro st.
bid* on 5 house* and cottage* to be built on
Lakeview (Ingleside) lots. THE MCCAR
THY COMPANY. 646 Market st. ,
$2100—COTTAGE 5 rooms, bath; Castro st.
Mission Realty Co.. 8207 Mission st.
I SPECIAL bargain* this week. RIANDA *
CO.. 827 Montgomery t .
' FOR lots, Richmond; moderate;
must be sold. Room 309, 708 Market St. ]
GOOD work our motto; prtc*s moderate. AHL
BACH St MAYER, plumber*. 836 Howard *t.
REAL ESTATE—COUNTRY—For Sale.
BURR St YOUNG CO.
Telephone John 1886. 40 Montgomery st
LOOK THESE OVER, AND IF YOU DO NOT
SEE WHAT YOU WANT, DROP US A
LINE AND WE WILL BE
GLAD TO SERVE YOU.
$750—10 acre* af slightly rolling land, half .
mile from Aromas, In Benito County; no Im
provement*; a good buy for ohlcken ranch.
$7000—9414 acres land In Monterey County; 8
mile* from Watsonvllle and 2 mites from Aro
mas; mail by R. F. D.; 82 acres level, 12 acre*
rolling; 50 acres In 8-year-old apricot*; 20
acre* In 8-year apple tree*; well and spring
water; good house, barn and outbuildings.
$3500—463 -acre* In Mendocino County: 18 I
miles from Willits; grain land; 2 streams on 1
place; one of the beat salmon streams In th*
State.
$2700—8 acre*; 4% mile* from Petalnma; ,
house of 5 rooms and furniture; barn, 8 brooder
house*. 6 brooders. 4 poultry houses; 6 acre* 1
vineyard: sold last year's crop for $250 on 1
vines; about 1200 chicken*, wagon, harness, j
plow, cow, etc
$1800— acres of land; 4 mile* from Wat- \
•onville; fair house and barn; small family I ,
orchard; 2 good springs; 9 acres leva! land;
. make a splendid chicken ranch.
Do you wl«h to buy city or country real es-
I tate, or a business In California? If so, drop
jua a line, describing what you wan and where \
you want It and we will send you a list of our
best bargains.
I Have you city or country real estate to aell j
I or exchange and want to find out the beat way
to do ao? By dropping us a line we will tell
you our plan. Now is the time to ltst your
properties, and the best place to list them ia
with a company which make* a specialty of
country real estate and carries no side line*
like Insurance, loans, etc. W* co-operate with
the seller and are satisfied with a legitimate
I commission.
If you wish to buy. consult v*.
If you wish to sell, consult us.
Business Intrusted In our car* win receive
1 prompt and careful attention. J
BURR St YOUNG CO.,
40 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
INCOME FARM.
One of the best hog and stock ranches In
Northern California; 1820 acres slightly roll
ing land, 200 acres level alfalfa land, with
large reservoirs for water; good house of 8
rooms and bath; fine barns; blacksmith shop,
poultry houses; all lighted by electricity; nu
merous wells with electric motor for pump
ing; all hog-tight fenced; everything first
class; all farming implements: wagons, har
ness, saddles, etc.; 10 acres orchard;. only
% mile from railroad station and good town;
will Include 148 head of cattle, 228 hogs,
many spring calves and pigs, 8 horses, 40
tons hay; 100 acres planted to grain; per
sonal property and stock worth $5000 cash;
a rare opportunity for Investment; price only
815,000; terms, 84000 cash: send for
complete description. CHATFIELD & VIN
ZENT, 288 Montgomery st„ S. F.
INVEST YOUR MONEY IN LAND IN SUT
TER COUNTY.
866 an acre buys choice orchard land within
three miles of three large fruit canneries,
two dried fruit packing establishments and a
large winery: btst market center for all kinds
of fruit: the Butte County Irrigation ditch
coming this way; surveys under way for
two electric lines to traverse this section
and an overland road (the Western Pacific)
passing through here all point to a large in.
crease in land values; four daily- passenger
trains to San Francisco each day now: no
other section offers a better opportunity for
profitable Investment: also have some good
dredge mining propositions.
Address M. J. NEWKOM. Real Estate
Dealer, 406 Second St., Marysvtlle, Cal.
REAL ESTATE JOBBERS
$15,000—160 acres good rolling land- side
of R. R.
$20,000—65 acres beautiful rolling wooded
land: at R. R. station.
$75,000—86 acres, with $100,000 of buildings
on it; walking distance from station- the
most beautiful sloping piece of cronertv
around the bay. y
Without doubt three of the best propositions
for "easy money" in the State; all in Rom
Valley; with a little subdivision work wni
double In value in 6 months.
J. E. LEWIS,
Real Estate Agent, Kentfleld, Marin Co., Cal.
FOR the best list of country property farmi"
fruit and poultry ranches, stock ranches si
falfa and timber lands, send for cataloVne"
ROTHERMEL ft CO., 507 California strati
Francisco. • '* *
$4 AN acre; 3730 acres: the cheapest and one
of the best stock ranches in Mendoctno
County; set particulars. ROTHERMEL *
CO., 507 California st. J * KL ' *
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERB!
Send postal for catalogue of the beat land
l«^aV"k« , ?.t ml " on,,a - C M W &STER CO?
$2600-CLEAN. up to date hotel across th* bay
24 rooms; banking $75 month. W D COL
DREN. room 11. 632 Market st.
MAX BBTATE—^naTJET- Tor Hal*.
WHITE St BAYLEY,
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
INSURANCE. V
$7300—20 acres at Sunnyvale Santa Clara
; County, 0 miles of San Jose; all in full bear
ing prunes, peaches, almonds and cherries;
Irich black loam; modern house, 7 rooms and
bath; hot and cold water; brick cellar; cement
floor; windmill; 3-story tankhouee; 2 flne barns;
complete drying plant; farming implements;
I ! half cash; superb gentleman's home with large
1 Income.
$175 per acre—ln 10-acre lot*; on main coun-
I ty road, 2 miles of Haywards; rural delivery;
close to school.
I 13500—14 acres; 1 mile of Haywards; 7 *ere*
rich valley loam; small house and barn; fencea
3 fields; 60 cords of wood; hay: half cash.
$3500—7 miles of Lodl; 62 acre*; a/ 00 ?*
house; barn, good well; family vineyard; id
■ acres wine grape*. .
$2200—Only 2 mile* of Rlpon: 40 acres with
4-room house, barn and well; close to creamery
and station. _
$9600—Only 7 mil** of Haywards; 480 acres,
about 800 farming land; flne *tock ranch; &
small houses, 2 large bams; plenty wood.
$1800—6 acres; 300 fruit tree*, mostly apri
cot*; small house, bam, windmill; running wa
ter, plenty wood; close to school; 3 mile* or
Haywards. .
$2800—58 acres; only 2 mile* of Soquel; 21
acre* of best black sandy loam, suitable for
truck gardening; about 4 acre* full bearing or
chard and vineyard; raises best corn and pota
toes In State; 6-room hard finished rs*lden©»;
hot and cold water; barn, granary, wagon
shed, poultry-house*; abundant water; only
$800 down; easy terms; 400 cord* of wood.
$3000—Foothill ranch, 180 acre*; only 3 mile*
' of Clayton, Contra Costa County; 80 acre* plow
land, balance pasture, family orchard; house
and barn.
$4760—180 acre*, of which 80 are level; 140
under cultivation; near Clayton; new hou**, o
1 room* and basement; new barn, 88x40; poultry
house*; fenced 4 field*; water piped to build
ings: family orchard; term*.
$1900—Only 2 mile* Santa Roan; 8 acres rich
bottom land; neat 4-room cottage; good barn,
poultry-houses; buggy and harness; poultry:
farming tools.
$10,500—Only IU mile* of Santa Rosa; 88
acres; on fin* drive; 28 acres full bearing
French prune* and pears; 60 acre* black grav
el ly loam, adapted to walnut*: modern 9-room
residence; flne barn, holding 200 ton* of hay,
carriage-house, windmill and tank, corncrlbs,
etc
$600—Almost adjoin* store-, P. O. and •
mllea of Anderson: 10 acre*; 6 acres bearing
peaches; cabin 16x24; under Irrigation ditch(
wall fenced; poultry men, Investigate quick.
$300 down—l mil* of R R town; IS acres
level black loam: no building*: well fenced;
IS acre* full bearing pears and French prunes;
flne creek for poultry; price $2000, any terms.
$12,600—886 acre* rich alluvial soil; 2 mile*
Of two thriving railroad towns and not far
from Lodl, San Joaquin County; small almond
orchard; good house. 6 room*, and house for
help; flne barn, holding 100 tons; wagon-shed,
blacksmith shop; windmill, 5000-gal lon tank;
fenced and cross-fenced; terms or exchange
gilt-edge bay property.
$8500 —On oiled drive; 1 mile of Livermor*:
1 40 acre* healthy, full bearing vineyard; about
5 acre* fruit; plain dwelling; bam; good well
and windmill; 2 years' crop will pay for thl*
place.
$3000 —25 acres; 1 mil* of Courthouse and
high school; 5 acre* flne alfalfa; 10 acres Bart
leu pears and almonds; balance alfalfa land;
2 wells; fully equipped pumping plant; dwell
ing, barn, poultry-houses, drying plant; half
cash.
$8500—Close to Napa City; 60 acres rich,
level land; 86 acres In ordchard 12 year* old;
good 8-room house; large barn, windmill and
tank; drying plant; poultry yards; horses, cat
tle, farming tool*; good furniture; flne Income;
half cash.
$2500—25 acres, half rolling and balance
level; near Santa Rosa, 3 mile* of Kenwood:
rich land; 2 acres orchard: vine yard: creek; 2
wells; nice cottage, 5 rooms; large barn;
fenced Into 4 field*; 5 poultry-houses, large
wire netting yards, 150 laying hens; good horse,
S cattle, spring wagon, top buggy; 4 ton* hay;
easy terms.
$2950—2 mile* of Sonoma City; 10 acres level
garden soil- 8% acres bearing vines; 1 acre
fruit; good dwelling, bam, poultry-houses;
horse, wagon, carts, plows, 3 sets harness,
tools, wine press, tanks and casks; furniture;
flne crop.
$1700—25 acres, close to Calistoga; adapted
to vines and trees; family orchard; cozy 6
room cottage; good bam; flne water.
$400 down —5 acres good land, with new,
hard finished cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
large brooder-house, 2 incubators, brooders; all
farming tools; near Petaluma; price $2000.
$5500 —Only 1 mile of Haywards; 37 acres
flae land; 4 acre* bearing orchard; modem
house, 6 rooms and bath; finest barn in county,
alone cost $4000; fine view; this is the best buy
, in the vicinity.
I LODI LODL
We are subdividing a choice tract in 10-acre
lots; only 2\% mile* from town; surrounded by
modem homes and fine orchards and vineyards;
soil rich, black, sandy loam. 12 feet deep;
school on the tract; $75 per acre; this will not
1 last over 80 days; first come, first served.
$1200 —10 acres in vine and fruit belt, near
Lodl; sandy loam; 6-room house and barn.
Send stamp for the largest and most diversi
fied printed list on the coast
WHITE St BAYLEY,
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery st., room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
HOME SEEKERS, ATTENTION.
A beautiful Swiss chalet and outhouse*, all up
to date, and six acre* of prime land planted
to apples, situate on Lake Pinto; climate and
scenery unsurpassed; 2H miles north of
Watsonvllle. Banta Cruz County; grammar
school within a few hundred yards; 60-acre
apple orchard adjoins above; will be sold
separately or a* a whole; absent from
State; wires us "sell."
$2800 will purchase 80 acres good land; half
planted to apples; this year will bear well;
I situated near Watsonvllle, Santa Cruz Co.
I $18,000 will bur on liberal terms 1400 acre*
, well Improved, good dwelling, two large
granaries. 300 acres Dlanted to wheat bar-
I ley and oats; has yielded 25 sks. per acre:
owners are willing to exchange for Oakland
j or Alameda real estate.
j 110.000 will secure a first-class fruit farm, slt
, vat* 2 mile* from B. P. R R.; 25 acre* In
apples, 10 apricots, 15 French prunes, 2 cher
ries; dwelling and good building for storing
fruit; 2 acres Bartlett rears, 10 acres In
bearing vines, winery, tank, etc.; situate Santa
Cm* County.
First-class dairy near HolUster: 78 acres in
alfalfa; Irrigation plant; modern Improve
ments; personal property, 80 head of cattle,
20 horses, dairy, farming Implements; last,
year's milk returns furnished; as owner la
engaged In business cannot devote neces
sary' time to dairying, therefor* will sell
cheap and make liberal terms to practical
man, or trade for city or Berkeley property.
Particulars furnished.
GAFFET ft MAHON. 11 Montgomery st
WE have for sale on account of the death of
the owners one of the most famous hot
mineral springs on this coast: 1500 acres
of land; fine hotel, outbuildings and bath*;
orchard, vegetable garden; livestock, poultry,
etc.; a sportsman's resort; patronized by
the best people; the greatest trout streams
In America pass through this property; a
noted pleasure and health resort; never be
fore offered for sale. For full information
apply or write to
F. L BKAGOS * CO., 28 Montgomery st
FOR sale—2Bo acres, all tillable land; 2 miles
from 8. P. R. R.; 20 mile* from coast, on
main line between 8. F. and Los Angeles;
San Luis Obispo County; In rich valley of
Huerro River; deepp rich loam soil, 6 feet
deep; 80 acres of this is little rolling, but
easily cultivated; no house or barn; flne
well of water; refused $10,000 short while
ago: price now $8000, as must leave coast
CAMERON ft CO. Phone South 105 a
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
40 ACRES; 30 acres cultivated; 1 acre la
fruit; 5-room house; barn; granary; chicken
houses, etc.; stone cellar; horse and wagon;
price, $1900.
44 acres good fertile land; 11 acres vineyard:
10 acres orchard; 4 acres pasture, balance in
hay; 7-room house; barn: stable, etc.; Santa
Rora. JOSEPH STRAUB, 630 Market St.,
San Francisco.
$ICO0 —FOR SALE —6-room cottage, San Pab
lo aye., Oakland: Income 1114 per cent. See
owner, W. D. COLDREN, room 11, 632 Mkt.
BROKE; will take $100 for 10-acre home near
town. Widow, 436 Parrott bldg.
HAYWARDS REAL ESTATE.
$40 PER acre; 860 acre*, fenced and cross
fenced; good house; 4 barns; 2 milk houses;
cheese factory; plenty wood and water; a
model ranch; 5 miles from Haywards.
$20 per acre—4Bo acres; fenced and cross
fenced; small house; 2 barns; plenty wood
and water; a fine stock ranch; 7 miles from
Haywards.
$15 per acre—l2o acres; fenced hog tight:
small house and barn; plenty wood and
water; 9 miles from Haywards.
$175 per acre—2o acres unimproved: flne
place for chicken ranch; 2 miles from Hay
wards.
$4750 —4% acres, flne house, 7 rooms; barn,
mill and tank; chicken-houses and yards; 300
chickens, cow. horse, harness, wagon, plows
harrows, etc.; one mile from Haywards.
$4000 —6 acres, modern house, 5 rooms;
barn, chicken houses and yards; 600 young
pullets. Just, beginning to lay; horse, cow,
wagons and farming implements; close to
school; iVi miles from Haywards: this Is a
bargain; money coming In as soon as you
take place.
RAMAGE ft STANTON,
Castro st.. near "A." Haywards.
BJBAI. EBTAT» WAJTTBP.
FROM owner, nice city horns; not over
$13,080. Box 8260. Call office.SAX MATEO BSAXj EST ACT. ,
i
SAN MATEO SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO. j
We have a choice list of excellent residence
properties, villa sites and acreage. Don't fall
to see us before buying. Investigate San Mateo
Park th* Ideal piopety of them all. Lots of
. about one acre each. Bound to be most valu
able; 1900 up.
HATWARD ADDITION.
Adjoining the town. Business and residence
jWs Street work complete. Covered with ma
jestic oaks. Easy terms. Sec our local agent,
Frank S. Grttmmor.. San Mateo office open
Sunday.
BALDWIN & HOWELL 25 Post st.
zzzz *
LOMITA pTrxT~ LOMTTA PARK.
R LOMITA PARK.
On the line of San Mateo electric cars; 45
: s from Fifth and Market sta
Sewer and water pipes laid.
Pure artesian water.
Lots $400 and up.
Outside the fog belt
$: to $50 down and $19 per month.
Oo down and Investigate.
Maps sent on application.
SELBY. RODQBRS * CO.,
Main 073. 110 California st
Also at Lomlta Park.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
ROSS VALLEY.
The well-known Boequl Tract In subdivisions:
' this beautiful place offered in open and
wooded lots to suit small or largo buyers; 5
minutes' walk from Ross station: roads will
be built and water and sewer mains laid.
For Information and prices apply to
BOARDMAN BROS. & CO..
188 Montgomery st
ELMHURST REAL ESTATE. j
$600—ACREAGE; 5 to 10 acre tracts, $600
per acre; on S. P. R. R. track.
$1000—4-room house and lot; bath, pantry and i
toilet; half block from electric oars.
If you want suburban property see JAMES
J. O'TOOLE. Elmhurst 1
• mmmmm r mmm ~ mmm^mm Jm = ma
COLMA REAL ESTATE.
' ' i
FOR SALE
COLMA REAL ESTATE, j
Large lots; acre lands: near line San Fran
cisco. Inquire 416 Hearst bldg. R. 3. |
■ THORNTON,
FARMS AJTP RANCHES TO IJBASBB.
20 ACRES; bouse 6 rooms, furnished; barn;
stable; chicken houses; for a term of years;
cheap. JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market, S F.
SEAL ESTATE WANTED —COUNTRY. I
.... mm " «
WANTED —To rent or lease a place of 10 acres
or more; suitable for chickens. Box 3256,
Call office. '
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED—Modern 7-room house; lot 25x120;
particulars; no agenta Box 8383, Call office.
WANTED —Building lot. $1500 or less: trans
actions through owner only. Box 3380, Call.
WANTED—Cheap building lot; near car line.
Bos 32*3. Call. |
WANTED—HaIf acre for chicken ranch. Bon
• 328 L Call office. ,
— —
REAL ESTATE TO EKCHAHOE. j
AN EXCEPTIONAL BARGAIN.
We have a client who owns three magnificent
flats fronting on the park, near the Panhan
dle, San Francisco. In order to consolidate his
Interests will for the next 30 days consider a
trade for sny desirable property in Berkeley
valued at $12,000.
JUSTER ft BAIRD.
21."7 Shattuck aye., Berkeley.
TO LEASE.
WE have two or three choice propositions in
rooming and apartment houses to lease.
SPECK &. CO.. 200 Montgomery st.
ALAMEDA ADVERT'S'MTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BIG BARGAINS THIS WEEK.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES FOR SALE ON EASY
TERMS.
GET OUR PRICES AND TERMS.
We Have Just What You Are Looking for at
the Right Price and Terms.
HERE ARE A FEW:
A snsr: only 12250 buys new 5-room
:i; 0n1y... $2450; 6-room cottars:
aly $2500; lev 5-r. c.; cor
ner lot; sacrificed.
special $2750 home; 6. r. and
b.; very" pretty.
A big bergaln $3500; 6 r. 1H story
house; flne location.
Speolai: Special! Only 18100—8-r. and b.; lot
80x109; a snap.
Very cheap; only 83500; fin* T-rm. house;
large lot
This week only 86500; 8-r. house; cor- ;
ncr lot; new.
PEE OUR BARGAINS.
GET OUR PRICES.
TERMS TO 6TXIT
ELEGANT BUILDING LOTS VERT CHEAP
See the corner lot we are offering for $900.
Ceding Is believing. Call and be convinced.
Houses snd lots at all prices.
H'rr.es built, rented and exchanged.
Ask to see our $2500 homes.
Nothing ever offered like them.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1600 Park st.. Alameda. Tel Ala. 490.
A HOME FOR EVERYBODY
Now in subdivision 6 blocks of finest resi
dence property <on terms) lying between Pa
cific and Central ayes., 4th and 10th sts.;
trains every 15 minutes; electrio cars run
through the land; 30 minutes to San Fran
cisco, 10 minutes to Oakland.
Homes from $1000 upon terms; must be seen
to be appreciated.
Suitable for a residence and large rtrden;
electric cars pass the property; a block of land
on San Jose aye., near Versailles Btatlon; 200 x
235; a bargain.
One-story snd basement cottage; upper flat
pays investment. -y*—
A. R DEN EE, UOO Webster st. Alameda.
Or C. A. POMEROY. 11 Montgomery st. San !
Francisco.
FOR A HOME IN ALAMEDA GO TO
HAWKS A MEHRTENS.
Cor. Webster and Railroad aye
Modern 8-room cottage as good as new; only
Choice new modern home of 7 rooms; corner
lot; $2700.
" A home of 8 rooms; lot 65x150; $2000
Choice lots In all parts of Alameda; rash or
easy terms.
■ ALAMEDA.
For sale by order of the owner at a big
sacrifice; handsome home of 12 rooms; all
_ modern Improvements; steam-heated through-*
'out; situated In the best section of Alameda
large lot 100x170 feet, with good 5-room cot
tage in rear.
BOARDMAN BROS. St CO..
138 Montgomery st.
. 6-ROOM cottage, up-to-date; price $2500.
6-rcom cottage. up-to-datevs22so.
•5-room cottase. up-to-date: $2360.
HALLY ft CO.,
2315 Santa Clara are.
Phone Alameda 105.
•
•FOR gale—New 5-nom shingle cottage; bath,
gas and electricity: centrally located. 912
Paj;k st.; ownpr on property Sunday; or
apply C. BARTLETT. 1233 St. Charles st.
$2100—NEW. modern cottage, 6 rooms, now
nearly finished; lot 33x155. Call at Railroad
aye., west of Fifth St., and see owner and
. builder. J. H. YOUNG.
FOR sale—Good house and lot. close to rail
road station, broad gauge; Al title: ail clear;
one-half cash. $900. J. P. HARDIN. 1527
Enclnal aye.. Alameda.
NEW houro of 6 rooms, bath; electricity; lawn,
' etc. 2117 Santa Clara aye.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mnllin*. $1 per year.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent—6-room house; newly renovated;
close to railroad station; rent $12 50 per
month. J. P. HARDIN, real estate. 1827
Enclnal aye. near Chestnut St.. Alameda.
■ g J' '. * . LB
ALAMEDA FUF.ET3HEP HOT/BBS.
FURNISHED flat. mod<-rn; 5 flne. large rooms;
one block from Park st. station: on tine of
street cars; rent only $25; references re
• quired. G. L, LEWIS. 1516 Park st j
BKKKELEY ADVERTVNTS
BEXlOßtija-p REAL ESTATE.
FAIRVIEW PARK.
Over $60,000 worth of this property alresdy
sold. And WHY?
Because this is the cheapest property in the
county.
It does not take a prophet or a olalrvoyant
to toll what the value of this land will bo in
two or three years.
Adjacent to the university and Country Club,
with proper building restrictions, and all street
work done in first-class manner, and the price
of 60-foot lots only $900.
Can there be a mistake in buying?
Maps can be had at office on the grounds.
BERKELEY VALUES.
OUR SPECIALTY.
$10 to $20 per front foot; adjacent to exten
sion of electric car line; on elevated ground;
fine view; street work done.
$1000 fur 61x100: on hillside.
$1400 for 45-foot; near Dwight way and Col
lege aye.
$1500 for 76x125; on 63d St.. near Country
Club.
$2000 for choice corner 84x150.
BERRY-BANGS TRACT.
$3COO for 50 feet on Piedmont aye.. near U. C.
$2750 for 5-room cottage, high basement and
attic ;M*n be turned into flats; half block from
Dwljrht-way station.
$3200 for large, "-room house in Southeast
Berkeley; one block from cars.
$3400 for elegant 6-room cottage; large lot;
good location.
HOPKINS TERRACE.
$500 to $1600 will secure you a choice lot;
this property is selling rapidly, but there are
several fine lots and elegant corners left to
choose from; an uninterrupted view of the en
tire length of San Francisco Bay, surrounding
hills and Pacific Ocean.
Several fine residences being built by retired
admirals and others.
Electric car reaches this property and local
trains but two blocks away.
Come and see for yourselves and be con
vinced.
Maps and particulars from
JOS. J. MASON.
Southeast Cor. Center st and Shattuck aye.
THE BUN SHINES ON BERKELEY.
When you flat dwellers In 8. F, are praying
' for the rays of old Sol to break through your
smoke and fog for even a few minutes remem
i ber that he shines here most all the time. If
| you love sunshine you'd love Berkeley.
A HOME IN BERKELEY
Means economy, comfort, convenience, health
' and a thousand other good things the city
| cannot boast of.
THINK ABOUT IT.
35 minutes and a 6-cent fare to your busi
ness. That's well worth considering. Of th«
; new properties opening up the McGee Tract Is
: especially inviting.
11 FRANCIS FERRIER
2121 Shattuck aye.. Berkeley.
At Key Route Terminus.
|
! ARTISTIC, MODERN HOMES In Berkeley
and North Oakland, in the beautifully laid
i out Santa Fe tracts, on the Key route, 25
to 30 minutes from San Francisco, may now
be secured for $2700 and less, including large
lot. on a rent basis of monthly payments;
all street work completed, including sewers
and s.dew.lks; very desirable surroundings,
including schools and churches; convenient
to university; there Is no better Investment
than these $700 and $800 lots. 40x135 feet;
one-flfth cash and $15 monthly; buy the lot
now at the low, start-off prices at which
the Santa Fe tracts are placed on the mar
ket and get the benefit of Increase in value
tnls year; lots in nearby localities have been
sold and resold In 1904 at 30 to 50 per cent
advance; make sure of a good lot for a home
in this desirable locality, with Its mild
climate, even If not ready to build at once;
I send postsl to-day for pictures of beautiful
homes and for further particulars. HOL
COMB. BREED 4 BANCROFT, Inc. 1060
Broadway, Oakland.
IN CENTER OF BERKELEY.
Elegant, new 6-room house, three blocks
from entrance to university; must be sold
quickly to close partnership; no reasonable of
i fer refused; terms.
$25 per front foot for property on corner of
Claremont and Russell; will go to $40 per foot
soon.
$3200 —Bungalow; the latest Improvements;
good neighborhood; high ground: street Im
provements complete; gas, etc.; lawn already
In; see this before buying; terms.
$4000 —Corner lot; elegant, new 8-room
house: would like to show this to anybody de
siring a first-ciass home for a moderate price.
Peralta Park; a beautifullly situated suburb:
shaded avenues: large lots, $350; will be worth
■ double ss soon as car facilities are extended;
installments $10 per month.
WARREN, CHENEY ft CO..
Bank Building, Berkeley Station.
i FOR rent—7-room house. 2624 Charming way,
In first-class condition.
For sale —New 6-room house on Dana St., com
pleto in every detail; a little gem; price,
i $3500.
$3100 will buy a good 6-room house on Oxford
st., almost new; two blocks from North
Berkeley station. w
For sale—On Warring St., a flne large home,
with garden, large grounds: a rare oppor
tunity to get a beautiful residence already
' In thriving condition.
High ground at a bargain; near university
grounds; land suitable for a home or would
make splendid investment; will increase in
value- double In short time.
R. A. BERRY ft CO.. P. O. block, Berkeley.
ALBEB ft CORYELL,
Real Estate and Insurance.
A Splendid Eusiness Opportunity.
: Best vacant business corner in Berkeley, with
71-ft. frontage on Shattuck aye.; a 3-story
I building put up on this lot at a cost of $25,
-'< 000 will bring In a monthly rental of $500.
| on long leases; this lot will be worth $500 a
front foot within a year.
$30 a front foot—2oo-ft. frontage on College
aye., east frontage; this is an excellent
location for a flne home.
$1050 —»0-ft. lot, south frontage, east of Shat
tuck aye.; 2 blocks from Dwlght way
station.
$35 a month —Fine 8-room house for rent;
south frontage; lot 40x135; good location
2139 CENTER ST
FOR sale —One of the coziest homes In Berke
ley (Ashby station): house almost new; con
tains 8 rooms and bath; arranged for com
fort and convenience; large closets and pan
try, stationary washtubs. not and cold water,
tinted walls, woodwork In perfect condition,
sewer, water, gas. phone, nice lawn, cement
walks; flne residences on both sides of street;
shed in rear of lot; only 2% blocks from Key
route and Southern Paciflo station; 1 block
from electric line; price $3250; terms $650
cash balance $25 per month. Apply on
premises. 3024 Harper st. any morning be
j fore 12 o'clock.
! A BEAUTIFUL lot In Berkeley Homestead,
1 185x102; a first-class Investment (for one
week only).
$1600— Lot in Bosnia tract; south front; for
few days.
Two acres on Claremont aye.; come and see
If, it is grand. „ ,
$900—Lot. 1 block from Telegraph aye.; worth
$1200 but must be sold at a sacrifice.
$2500 will buy a new 5-room house; centrally
! located; streets complete; a speculation for
the buyer.
MILLS. THE REAL ESTATE MAN,
2146 Shattuck aye. Phone Mason 2183
$3250— ELEGANT new house. 8 rooms; 1 min
ute from stations; on car line; $400 cash,
balance $35 per month.
$2»UjO—New modern house. 7 rooms; $250 cash,
$27 60 month. (160).
$2Coo —Burgalow; close to station; 6 rooms;
! $600 cash, $20 month. (151).
I $6500— Beautiful home, 11 rooms; south front;
i lot 75x1£0; in the swell part of Berkeley;
barn etc.: must be seen to be appreci
ated. (153). ' . _, __^
HEDEMARK ft JACK CO., Lorln-Berkeley.
City office. 11 Montgomery st.
' $2600 EACH—2 new 5-room cottages; south
front; central. ,
$3500— 8-r. new colonial; east front; central.
$1300—Lot 50x136; terrace; south front; cen
tral.
$6000— 8-r. house: lot 75x135; near Berkeley
station; snap; south front.
$3250— New 6-r. colonial house.
For rent—7-r., south front, central, $80; 9-r..
east front central, $25.
ISGRIGG, HARRIS ft CRAIO,
Dwlght way, NW. cor. Shattuck are.
ALLEN'S SPECIAL LIST.
Every one a bargain, either as a home
or an Investment.
$2500—6 rooms; modern; rent for $23 50.
$3200—7 rooms: modern; rent for $30.
$3500—10 rooms; 2 flats; rent for $37 60.
$4500—9 rooms; new; nice; rent for $46.
$4800—8 rooms: very nice; south side uni
versity: rent for $45.
LYMAN ALLEN, 2128 Center St.
$1600—4-ROOM house, very convenient: flne
lot; street work all done: nice view;
handy to Key route and 8. P. station.
$2500 —Modern 5-room house; gas In every
room; tinted throughout; street work all
done; very cenvenlent; handy to Key
route and S. P. station: $300 cash, bal
ance $20 per month, interest Included.
C. C. EMSLIE, Real Estate. Ashby station.
A GENUINE bargain In Berkeley real estate,
which will make a most desirable New Year's
present. Call on the well known Arm of 3.
i p. HALE ft CO.. Real Estate and Insurance.
North Berkeley, , Dwlght Way.
1511 Shattuck aye. 2815 Shattuck aye.
Phone Mason 2192. Phone Derby 1022.
FOR sale —A new. modern. 2-story brick resi
dence, 7 rooms and bath, gas and electric
fixtures; lot 45x125; near Ashby station;
Ismail amount down, balance easy terms;
Fulton st, near Stuart. Bee owner, 867
Alcatraz are., Berkeley, Cal
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905.
j BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A SNAP—SEE IT!
$1450 —$230 cash, balance $15 per month: new
6-room cottase; hot and cold water, bath and
toilet, high basement, brick foundation; 1
block to cart.
$6000 —House of 8 large rooms; all modern
and up-to-date, with a block of land; well,
windmill and tank, barn, chicken-house, fruit
trees; house cost more than I am asking for
the property.
$1850 —New 5-room cottage; high basement
fine mantel, stationary tubs, baths, toilet etc.; j
large lot; one block from cars. j
$2800—S800 cam, balance $23 per month; 8
large rooms, ah modern; lot 60x135; fruit
trees; work all done.
$300 to $600 —Street work all done; $25 cash,
balance $5 and $10 per month.
81600—8890 cash, balance $15 per month: 4
large rooms; good well and city water; lot
40x135. „ .
$2100—5200 cash, balance $20 per month: 6
large rooms and bath; stationary awshtubs;
fine mantel, high basement; cement walks:
j street work all done; 2 blocks to both trains,
i $2200 —$1100 cash, balance flat mortgage; 8
' room house; lot 76x100; 3 blocks to train; re
duced from $3000 for quick sale.
W. C. KORAN', South Berkeley.
$1800—COTTAGE, s'.x rooms: bath; patent
toilet; city water; electrle light; high
basement, corner lot 50x100; chicken
house; trees, etc.; cash $500, balance like
rent. (l')7S) , _
$1400— Nearly new 2-story colonial house 8
rooms; bath; electrlo light; lot 60x100;
near station; cash $400, monthly lnnstall
ments. (1936)
$2630—New 1%-story, sharp roof house, five
rooms; bath; 2 toilets; electrlo light: ,
large porch: near this station; on lm- j
proved street; easy terms. (1977)
$3260—New 2-story house, eight large rooms;
bath; 2 toilets; electric light, etc.; din
ing-room and library finished in hard
woods, myrtle and maple; 1 minute from
Ashby station; main avenue; cash only
$260. (1926)
A GOOD BUY.
$400—Lot 40x100, in good locality: sewered i
graded, and macadamised.
H. D. IRWTN, Lortn Station, South Berkeley.
Open Sundays. j
AN OLD ADAGE SAYS "THE EARLY BIRD
CATCHES THE WORM."
$1000.
IN FAIRVIEW PARK.
Gets a beautiful building lot with street work
and sidewalks complete; corns while you have
an opportunity to choose and before the
ortces are advanced.
; $3750 Buys a new 7-room bungalow, east of
College aye.; lot 43x102%.
i $4000— A bargain In the shape of a flne 8-room
house: lot 100x135; good stable.
JUSTER & BAIRD, 2137 Shattuck are. j
AN EXCEPTIONAL BARGAIN.
We have a client who owns three magnifi
cent flats fronting on the park near the
Panhandle, San Francisco: in order to con
solidate his interests, will, for the next 80
days, consider a trade for any desirable
property In Berkeley, valued at $12,000.
JUSTER A BAIRD. 218* Shattuck aye.,
Berkeley. !
$450—FINE lot on Stuart st.; street macadam
ged: a snan. W. J. MORTIMER A CO..
Berkeley station.
$550 —LARGE lot. 50x136, on Hearst aye.;
street work all done. W. J. MORTIMER
A CO., Berkeley station.
$550 —A NICE building site on Ross st,near
Louisa; a picup. W. J. MORTIMER A
! CO., Berkeley station. \
$750—SPLENDID buy on Louisa st: fully Im
proved. W. J. MORTIMER A CO., Berke
ley station.
$4500 —FINE house on Walnut St.; rented for
$37 net.
$5500— Brand new home on Telegraph aye.;
8 rooms: come and see It; you will be sure
to buy. W. J. MORTIMER A CO., Berke
ley station. !
S3SOO—THREE new homes on Grove St.; will
make terms to suit W. J. MORTIMER A
CO.. Berkeley station. )
NEWTON A NEEDHAM,
REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS IN LOTS.
BARGAINS IN COTTAGES.
BARGAINS IN GOOD INVESTMENTS.
Pretty 4-room cottage, with windmill and
tank; near Berkeley station; $1500; $400 down.
Three pretty bungalow cottages, near Dwlght
way station; $li? 50 each; terms to suit pur
chaser.
A good lot for business block on Shattuck .
aye.; $100 per front foot-
Money placed at interest on good real sstate
security.
First mortgages for sale, bearing good inter
est.
Call at our office,
2131 Center St., Berkeley station.
NEWTON & NEEDHAM.
WE offer choice lots in Berry-Bangs Tract,
Fatrview Park and Hopkins Terrace, also in
all choice residence and business districts In
Berkeley. One acre with west frontage on
the proposed boulevard at a sacrifice. Homes
new and complete in all parts of Berkeley.
BIRDSALL ft CRAIG,
Real Estate, 2167 Shattuck aye.
6 ROOMS, modern; lot 40x75; flne location in
South Berkeley, 4 blocks from Key Route;
$2600; $200 cash, balance like rent.
• W. N. RUSSELL,
301 California st., San Francisco, Cal.
$1250—FINE lot. 50x130: near Dwlght way
station; all street work done; will build to
suit and sell on the installment plan; In
Woolsey tract. LITTLE ft WOOLSEY, 2110
Shattuck aye.. Berkeley.
$2300 —5-ROOM cottage, near Key Route; lot
36x114: $300 cash. $25 monthly payments.' In
quire 1710 Fairview st.. South Berkeley.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FRUITVALE ADVEBTS'TS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvals Station.
$1650— New and modern cottage of 5 rooms,
bath, hall, basement; lot 35x115; 1 block
from car line; easy terms if desired.
$1750— Brand new cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
all modern in every particular; lot 50x
110; 1 block from E. 14th st. car line; a
very choice place.
$1350 —Fine cottage of 4 rooms and bathroom, ,
basement; lot 37:6x105; fruit trees, etc; 4 !
blocks from Frultvale station; small sum
down, balance same as rent.
$975 —Nice little home of 4 rooms; pantry,
closets, barn, chicken-house, fruit trees,
etc; lot 50x108; $150 down, balance $11
per month; near car line.
$700 —Good 4-room house with lot, $5x118; one
block from E. 14th st, car line; easy pay
snouts,
$1200—New 8-room cottage and bath, pantry,
closets; lot 80x132:6; 1 block from car
line; terms to suit.
$1850 —Fine 7-room house and bath; all mod
ern; lot 48x125 ; 3 blocks from Frultvals
ststion; a big bargain.
$1650 —New and modern cottage of 4 rooms and
bath; lot 50x125; in a dry and choice lo
cation.
$2250 —Most beautiful cottage of 6 rooms and
porcelain bath; all new and modern; rich
mantel and large reception hall etc.; lot
50x298 ft.; chicken-houses and all fenced;
in the best part of Frutvale.
$2400- ! -Half-acre of good soil and 6-room cot
tage, barn, chicken-houses, etc.; near
school and 3 blocks from Frultvale aye. •
car line.
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station. Cal. |
H. BARK ME V BR, 1206 FRUIT VALE AYE,
FRUIT VALE, CAL
$750—New shingled cottage of 8 rooms, bath
and pantry; lot 30x85; all fenced; con
venient to school and car line; near local
train.
8860 —Good house of 5 rooms, newly renovat
ed; lot 100x100; one blocs from a flne
graded school and car line; this Is a bar
gain.
$1200— Cottage of 3 rooms, completely fur- ;
nlshed; lot 50x265; all fenced and cross
fenced; chicken and pigeon houses.
$1200 —Cottage of 4 rooms, closets, pantry,
etc; lot 20x125; 4 blocks from local train;
terms $100 cash, balance $14 per month.
$1760 —New, modern cottage of 6 rooms and
bath; high basement, cement sidewalks;
near school and car line; lot 60x110; all
fenced.
$3400— Elegant cottage of 6 rooms, pantry,
closets, etc.; washhouse, flne two-story
barn, cow stable, 5 chicken-houses, good
well and pump, also city water; about
half acre of land in bearing orchard;
fronting on two streets; near school and
car line; terms $500 casn, balance $20
per month.
Lots $100 and up. $10 cash and $5 per
month; strests graded, cement sidewalks and
city water; within 2 blocks of school and
car line.
gee these before buying elsewhere; .they are
bargains. For particulars apply to
w * H. BARK MEYER,
Near Frultvale station, Cal.
" SPECIAL " * ma
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
IJNDA PARK, LINDA PARK, LINDA PARK.
The terminus of 6-cent fare, Haywards cars;
streets graded and graveled; stone sidewalks;
depot on tract; lots from $50 to $200: $20 cash
and balance $10 per month; 15 blocks to local
train; best located property on San Leandro
road; graded school on tract. Apply to 8. & j
AUSTIN, 1101 Twenty-third aye., Oakland. |
FRUITY ALE ADYT'SMNTS
P R UIT V A 1.33 BE AI, ESTATE.
CHAS. F. LEE. Phone Vale 296.
Office half block from Fruit vale station.
$1000 —New cottage of 3 rooms; stable;
wagon shed; chicken houses and yards; grav
eled walks; nice garden; beautiful lot, 2 front- I
ages, 50x250; close to cars.
$1250—Nice rustic cottage of 4 largs rooms;
pantry, buttery; all sewered; chicken houses
and yards Inclosed in wire fence; nice garden;
fruit trees and flowers in abundance; close to
street car and school; lot 35x204; nice creek
flows through property; large shade trees.
$1150 —Neat 4-room high-basement cottage:
all nicely fenced; good schools, churches and
pOStOfOos close by; property 50x100.
ONLY $200 cash—Beautiful home of 5 large
rooms; fine reception hall; bath, porcelain tub', I
patent toilet; large pantry; choice location:
&M view; 2 car lines one block away: flne i
school and church close by; price, all told, >
$2200; lot 50x123.
$3250 —Beautiful 5-room bungalow, all ele- j
gantly paneled and decorated; handsome art
mantel; elegant bath; large 2-story barn; car- ]
riage-house; chicken houses; over % acre of |
ground; electric cars pass the door; nestles at
the base of the foothills; protected from the
high winds: cloee to the main county boule
vard, -which makes this very desirable prop
erty; grammar school and postofflce near by:
terms can be given with small cash payment
down: all improvements brand new.
$600 cash—Beautiful home of 4 large rooms;
high basement; concrete foundation; fins well
of water; all set out In small fruits; will make
a flne chicken ranch; no cold fogs or heavy
winds; nestles at the base of the foothills;
street cars, schools, church and postofflce close
by- flno sandy soil; nearly 1 acre of ground;
price, all told. $2000 THIS IS A SNAP.
WILL SELL YOU A LOT AND BUILD
YOU A HOME ON EASY MONTHLY
PAYMENTS.
$75 lots in the beautiful Rosa Lee tract; fins
soil; grand view; new homes rapidly going up;
no cold winds or wet fogs, and lots only $75
each; $5 down, balance $2 50 per month.
CHAS F. LEE, 1222 Frultvgla avo.
W. E. RUDELL.
Real Estate and Insurance,
Cor. Frultvale aye, and Washington as,
|Sso—House, 5 rooms, in good repair; lot
100x100: Just the place'for chickens.
$700 —Cottage, 8 rooms and bath: new; lot 30
180; terms If desired; 2 blocks from car
to Oakland.
$1050 —House, 3 rooms; good location; lot 60s
250; about half-mile from station; terms,
$2500 —House, 7 rooms and bath; cor. lot;
135x145; chicken-houses and bam; good
well, fruit trees, berry bushes, etc: ,
terms $1000 cash, balance bank loan; SI
blocks from car line.
For rent—Cottage, 5 rooms and bath; rent $17
per month.
Furnished house. 6 rooms and bath; near star 1
tlon; rent $25 per month.
Hew modern cottage. 4 rooms and reception
hall: near school and' station; $19 per
month.
W. B. RUDELL,
Cor. Frultvale aye. and Washington st
FOR sale—Bo chickens, 100 pigeons, nloe cow,
horse. 2 harnesses, 2 wagons, farming tools;
everything complete; 10-acre place, with 4
roorr. house and barn to rent in conjunction
for $10 per month. Also for rent 2V4 acres,
with 4-room house and barn; 100 trees In
bearlnjr; fin* for gardening or chickens.
Also several simlllar plpceg for rent
M. H. KENNISTON,
Dlmond P. O . cor. Hopkins and Psralta arse.
ONE acre and cottage, $1500; Btt a., $1750:
4 acres. $2000; 1 acre. $900; 6 acres. $4000;
2 acres, cottage, well and tank. $2750.
Lot 50x250 ft.. 3-mom cottage, $1000.
JUDSON ft CO.. Frultvale.
$650—SNAP; on easy terms; lot 60x170, Just
off Frultvale aye.; all in fruit and choice
homss ail around. BEL DEN. 1112 Broad
way, Oakland.
RENT or sale—o-room cottage; lot 87x138; on
Peralta aye., Frultvale: rent $12 50; price
$1500. Address ELWYN HOFFMAN, room
907. 481 California st, 8. F.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'MTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OARLAHP BEAIi ESTATE.
$6250 —AN elegant Lake Side District resi
dence, 10 rooms; heater; hall, staircase and
dining-room finished In solid oak; paneled;
large veranda; terms $2250 cash; balance on
mortgage; rent of house $60.
$1506 —Cottage, 5 rooms, mantel, high
basement: close to Telegraph aye.; 4 min
utes' walk to Key Route station; house In
flne condition; terms if desired.
We have a pretty cottage of 4 rooms,
porcelain bath, electric lighting, hot and
cold water; very sunny; Fremont st, near
Fifty-fifth; two blocks from Golden Gate
station and Sap Pablo ayes.; open to-day
for inspection, payments like rent; go and
see It.
$2400 —Two flats, 6 rooms and bath: hard
wood mantel; lot 85x100; also rear cottage, 4
rooms. Included In above price; a snap; flne
location; cars pass door; 8 blocks from local
train In East Oakland; Twelfth aye., near
East Sixteenth st.
$1250—Very cheap building, lot 100x100;
street work and sewer In; two blocks to Key
Route station In Piedmont; flne view; a big
snap.
GEO. W. AUSTIN, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
CHAS. C. HULBERT,
Successor to Frank P. Lee.
Tel. Main 1024. 911 Broadway, Oakland.
BARGAIN LIST.
$2650 —Fine cottage, furnished; 8 rooms and
bath: 50-ft. frontage on 21st st near Lin
den.
$1800— Buys nice cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
lot 60x120; East Oakland.
We are exclusive agents for 26 flne lots In
Golden Gate; price $275 to $300 each.
SNAP.
$2600— Almost new two-story, 7 rooms and
bath; lot 84x180.
BIG SNAP.
$5750—12-room house In flne condition In the
heart of Oakland: short distance from
City Hall; lot 50x100.
CHAS. C. HULBERT.
911 Broadway, Oakland.
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
$3000—Nice lot in Lakeside District for
home or flats; 50x100 on Fourteenth st, near
Madison st.
$1350— Cheapest lot in East Oakland; 75x :
140; corner Seventh aye. and Twentieth st;
on crown of the hill: high terrace and sur
rounded by cholcs homes.
$1800—Coal yard on Seventh at, % block
from station; 50x100; sptendld business
stand.
$3100 —Reduced, pretty 6-room cottage and
lot 40x100 on Adeline St., near Twelfth.
$5500 —An architect's home; on account of
departure, 8 rooms and all conveniences: on
a corner lot 50x100; few blocks from busi
ness center.
$1575 —Court sale; good 4-room cottage,
near Market st station.
$1750 —Another court sate; good 6-room
cottage, near Broadway station and narrow
gauge depot. BELDEN, Real Estate, 1112
Broadway. Oakland. ;
ONLT $2750— Don't miss Miis; mnst be sold at !
once: 7-room colonial house, modern in every :
particular: open plumbing; porcelain bath;
gas and electricity; all large rooms; 4 bed
rooms upstairs; good site lot; flne neigh
borhood and must be sold at once; price only i
$2*50; very easy terms; owner must sell on .
account of change In business location.
$4100 —Elegant dwelling, located in one ot
Oakland's choicest residence districts; house
contains 7 large, sunny rooms; pretty re
ception hall, pillared arch to parlor, elegant
paneled dining-room, flne china closet and
bookcase built in; large lot, 35x140 feet; note
the depth.
KREISP ft HORSWILL,
1070 Broadway, Oakland, Cel.
THIS IS A BARGAIN I
THIS IS A BARGAIN!
$6000—Worth $7500. $6000—Worth $7500.
$6000— Worth $7500. $6000—Worth $7500.
MUST BE SOLD.
MUST BE SOLD.
The choicest and most sightly lot In Pied
mont; 100 feet frontage on two streets by a
depth of over 300 feet: all street work com
plete; surrounded by elegant residences; con
venient to cars; grand view of Golden Gate,
San Francisco, Manln hills, the bay of Oak
land: easy terms; must be sold.
J. H MACDONALD ft CO.,
1062 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
READ~THIS AD.
$3,6oo—lnvestments paying 12 to 18 per cent:
2 flats. 6 and 4 rooms with cottage In
rear; rent $43 50 month; a snap.
$4.850 —Two corner flats. 11 rooms: always
rented; near Broadway; rente $50 month.'
$6,500—Tw0 new, all modern flats, east of
Broadway, opposits the Park; rents $68.
$9 500—Four new modern flats; central and
rental $96 month, by
THE ALP EN CO.. 1233 Broadway, Oakland.
B. M. DODGE ft SON,
1100 Broadway, Oakland.
Formerly 2131 Center st, Berkeley, now 2111
Shattuck aye.
$1500—Dandy corner lot 59x111; NR. cor.
32d and West; look at this and compare its
value with any other corner and then come
and avail yourself of this opportunity..
WE HAVE many other places.
OAKLAND ADVEBTWTS
OA3ELA3TD REAL ESTATE.
TAYLOR BROS, ft CO.,
REAL ESTATE INSURANCE AND FINAN
CIAL AGENTS.
1236 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
TELEPHONE CEDAR 351.
$1100—A dandy little shingled bungalow of 6
rooms excellent condition; front yard a
regular flower garden: lot 50x150 feet; va
cant lot adjoining very cheap; close to
car line; East Oakland E.
CHEAPEBT PLACE IN OAKLAND.
$2700 will take this elegant 7-room dwelling;
attractive in appeaVance; large double
parlors, reception hail 12x16 feet; lighted
by electricity; gas for fuel; flne hard
* wood, plateglass mantel; south frontage;
within 10 minutes' walk of City Hall;
small cash payment, balance like rent;
this is a bank foreclosure and can be had
for actual amount of mortgage.
YOUR MONEYS WORTH HERB.
$2750—A good, substantial cottage of 7 rooms;
the place is not new. but in excellent re
pair; lot 85x168 feet; situated in one of.
the choicest locations; not far from Lake
Merrltt and near new Fourth-ays. Key-
Route; could be made very*, very attract
- Ive with a little expenditure.
VACANT LOTS.
We have a contract on two beautiful lots in
Veraita Heights, which can be delivered
for $28 50 per foot, worth $30; also good
50-foot lot on West st for $600.
lefi feet on Frultvale aye., near new post
offlce. 0429
l'-a acres on Hopkins st, subdivided; will sell
for double price asked.
2 acres on Hopkins st; offer wanted.
110 feet by 150 feet; near Lake Merrltt; beau
tiful view; best residence location In Oak
land; property adjoining the lake Is be
coming very scarce; this place can be had
as a whols or will subdivide at the aston
ishingly low price of $40 per front foot; It
Is worth $75 psr foot
TAYLOR BROS. * CO.
$B,ooo—Nice little 2-story home of 6 rooms,
finished in redwood; situate on Thirty
third st. within ten minutes to Key
Route; plenty of sun; lot 34x100;
$1000 cash, balance like rent. 98
$800 —One-story 6-room cottage on Madison
st. near Second: lot 25x75. Here Is
a good buy. I
PIEDMONT.
$3,000 —A horns In fins condition on Oakland
aye., of lVa-ttory, 9 rooms, is offered at
a very reasonable figure; lot 55x158. 130
$6.250-^-Very easy terms will be made on this
2-story 9-room house so that any one
desiring a home need not hesitate; lot
50x124. • 128
$5,800 —New 2-story 7-room home on Oak
land aye., near Vernal; stable: lot
40x140. 136
$10,600 —Fine 2-story hard finished home of 9
rooms on Vernon st.; lot 92x120. 127
$23,000— A beautiful mansion of two stories,
containing 17 rooms, with large grounds,
200x170; covered with choicest of flow
ers and plants; situate on Vernon St.,
where a view that adds to the beauty
of the location ia at your command.
129
$I,OOO—A comer lot on Myrtle St.; 50x101;
street work complete. Here Is a flne
lot at very reasonable figures.
$2,250—0r $45 per foot for a lot 50x125 on
Linden st., near Twelfth; nothing
else in that neighborhood less than $50
per foot.
THE E. P. VANDBRCOOK COMPANY.
1016 Broadway. Oakland, Cal., or
Room 232 Mills bldg., San Francisco, Cal.
KARL. R. NICKEL,
Rooms 62, 63, Bacon building.
ALMOST TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE.
Hays a property In the heart of town; 60-foot
front; improvements consist of an 8-room
house with stable and shed; one block to
car line; three blocks to narrow gauge depot;
14th and Franklin sts.; worth about $8000,
which I will sacrifice; If you can pay $50 per
month and have from $300 to $500 cash the
property is yours at figures that will sur
prise you; you will wonder how I can do it;
title clear and property in first-class condi
tion; this Is - plum for speculators; call on
me at my office for full particulars.
KARL H. NICKEL,
Rooms 62, 68, Bacon building.
ELROD & HULL.
No. 22, $2500—New 5-room and bath oottags,
with laundry In basement; everything mod- :
era; lot 26x140; in good neighborhood, on 35th
st. Terms: $300 cash and $25 a month.
No. 23, $2500 —Takes a new 5-room, high
basement, substantially built cottage, near Pe
ralta aye., Frultvale; lot 61x128; commands a
fine view; good neighborhood; terms to suit.
No. 32. $1660—New 6-room cottage, up to
date; near school and in 5-cent fare limit;
close to the San Leandro road; unincumbered;
terms; lot 35x115.
No. 33. $1750— High basement, 5-room cot
tage; Just finished; modern; lot 50x115; cross
to school; 6-cent fare; near San Leandro road;
$750 cash: $1000 mortgage or $13 50 monthly
payments.
No. 35, $3600—Seven-room house, complete
ly furnished; centrally located; 7 minutes'
to Fortieth st. Key Route; lot 87:6x120;
terms.
ELROD A HULL,
Phone Red 5881. 1209 Broadway.
FOR SALE —NEW 8-ROOM MODERN
HOUSE; large lot; this property must be
seen to be appreciated; large paneled hall,
4 ft. open stairway, beam celling in dining
room, U sawed oak mantel, bookcase, china ,
closet, laundry in basement, stationery
washstands in bedroom and bath, 2 toilets,
porcelain bath, linen closet, average more
than two windows In each room, combina
tion fixtures, flne chandeliers, walls all tinted
in tasty colors, art molding, etc.; this Is one
of the handsome homes in Oakland and can
be had for $5000; half cash and long time
on balance; sunshine can never be cut off;
handy to Key Route and business center.
WILLIAMS A PARSONS.
401 Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
PRICE greatly reduced for a quick sale; cash
required: $660 down will buy a modern 6
room bungalow cottage, 1% blocks from the
business center and bank at 23d aye.; a 15x
23 ft. living room elegantly paneled; up-to
date electric wiring; porcelain bath; 2 toi
lets; large lot; south frontage: near local
train and street cars; north side of East
15th, half way between 22d and 23d ayes..
East Oakland; will be open for Inspection;
if sold at once, price reduced $250. C. R.
SHAW. cor. 13th aye. and E. 28th st., Oak
land; key next door.
CHEAP LOTS—CHEAP LOTS.
What Next?
Closing Out What's Left.
$50 a Lot. Jessie Jones Tract.
$75 a Lot. Westell Tract.
$75 Laurel Grove Park.
$125 Florence Jones Tract.
$100 Gallndo Tract.
Any one of these lots may be a fortune for
your little one: $5 cash. $1 50 monthly; ad
joining East Oakland: no fogs nor raw winds
here: all Al lots; call or send for circular.
455 Seventh St., opposite Broadway station,
Oakland. Carriage free.
JONES. Owner.
$2150 —TWO-STORY house of 8 rooms and
bath; all street work done: lot 41x116; one
block to car line in East Oakland.
$1850 —House, 7 rooms and bath; lot 87:6x76;
all street work done; one block from cars.
$2000 —House. 4 rooms and bath and barn;
on a northwest corner; lot 50x125: near street
cars and seven blocks from local station.
$8500 —Corner lot, 100x75, on Jackson St.;
house of 11 rooms; can be made into flats.
$10.500 —Four flats of 7 rooms each; lot 50x
100; three blocks from Eleventh and Broadway.
HUGH M. CAMERON,
1058 Broadway.
NICE, modern house, nearly new; near Lake
Merritt; close to new street car extension,
just in operation, greatly Increasing value;
7 rooms; lot 56x232; pnce reduced to $3000:
$200 cash, balance iike rent.
9 rooms; modern; lot 50x100, lying high,
with cement retaining wall; In East Oak
land, near new Key Route service; $3500; $300,
cash, balance like rent.
Mansion in East Oakland; 14 rooms; 6 lots;
suitable for sanitarium or private hospital;
$6500; easy terms.
W. N. RUSSELL.
801 California St., San Francisco, Cal.
ELEGANT residence lots. 40x120 and 40x200
each. In Piedmont district: 3 short blocks to
"Key Route" depot; one block from Broad
way; elevated ground; fine view- street
work complete; entirely new neighborhood;
30 minutes to San Francisco; convenient to
Country Club.
FOR PRICES AND TERMS SEE
J H. MACDONALD ft CO..
1062 Broadway. "Oakland, Cal.
FOR sale —House of 9 rooms snd bath; corner
lot, 40x110 feet; centrally located; rents for
$35 per month.
—Also
Modern up-to-date home: house of 10 rooms
and bath; 3 toilets; with or without furni
ture and carpets; nice barn and carriage
house; cement driveway; lot 50x128:8 feet.
Apply to OWNER, 1227 Adeline st., Oakland,
OAKLAND ADTERTWTS
OAILaWD REAL ESTATB.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
460-4G2 EIGHTH ST.. OAKLAND.
$Sooo—Choice Linda Vista home, 8 rooms; cor
ner, 100x125; opposite $25,000 home; grand
view; a home sacrifice.
$7250 —Never occupied; extra fine corner resi
dence; right in heart of city; a splendid
location for physician or San Francisco
business man.
AN IDEAL HOME.
$1500 —Beautiful, sightly home, fitted up by
New Yorker 3 months ago; is homesick
and certainly wishes to sell; handsome
modern cottage, 6 spacious rooms, splendid
bath, lighting and plumbing appoint
ments- elaborate mantels, steam heater,
large basement; tastily arranged grounds;
% acre assorted fruits, roses; gravel
wslks, hedges, etc.; extensive Incubator
ho'.'.sep. chicken-pens, stable; climate un
excelled and ideal spot; some see It.
$.;sr.<i—Fine modem colonial 8 rooms; strictly
up to date; beautiful interior finish; 35x
140; stable; sunny front; near 81st and
Grove sts.
$3500 —Modfrn colonial 7 rooms and bath; near
schools, churches, car line, locals; flne lo
cation: must sell; very easy payments.
$3800 —Modern house. 10 rooms; corner, 60x100-,
. street work complete: near locals, car
lines; walking distance to Broadway.
$3350 —Income 843 per month; pair good flats,
4 and 5 rooms; rear cottage. 8 rooms;
always rented: well located; near locals;
north of 7th st.; terms arranged.
$3150 —Modern house, 6 rooms, and lot; 7 good
sized additional lots; windmill; rapid tran
sit service, value increasing.
$3000 —Modern Linda Vista home, 6 rooms;
street work complete; sunny front; $500
cash, balance to suit.
$2650—Swell 6-room house; nicely arranged;
38x100; one block from Telegraph aye.;
Key route service; see this.
$2500— Pretty cottage, 5 rooms, bath, base
ment; 35x90; nice losation; offer con
sidered.
$2650 —Cosy 6-room cottage; 3 blocks to P. O ;
Income 8240 per annum.
$2600—Nice modern cottage. 8 rooms and bath;
basement floored, partitioned and plas
tered overhead; mantel, grata, gas fix
tures; 26x125; 35 feet sun front; near
Twelfth and Myrtle its.
$2260— Bargain; reduced from $3000 by non
resident owner; modern story and a half;
6 rooms, bath, electricity; 60x150; sunny
front,
$1850 —Modern cottage, 8 rooms, bath, base
ment; corner, 30x140; near locals; nice
location; sickness forcing sale.
$1750 —House cost more; 7 rooms, bath; street
complete; near locals: snap.
$1500 —Cottage, 4 rooms, basement; 50x120;
wall; street work done; extra easy terms;
one block to Key route station*
$1060.
Splendid lot, 75x125; grand view; street mac
adamised ; near new school; rapid transit
service; this is a bargain; see it.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
JAS. S. NAISMITH.
634 Thirteenth st., Oakland.
$500—Thl B will buy a nice lot; elevated loca
tion and close to Key routs station at
Piedmont; 40x150.
$750 will buy a 'good lot on north slds of
West Sixteenth st., short distance from
Center; 80x100; fine location for flats.
$1200—40x95; only one block from Market St.;
close In and a bargain; a corner.
$1350—Another corner, on Twenty-fourth St.;
this also Is an eastern frontage, 43x100;
good renting location.
$825—And only half block east of San Pablo
aye. and on Thirty-fourth st.; lot is S7:6x
100; 5 minutes to Key route.
$550 will buy 50x100, on Forty-fourth St.,
short distance from Marxet.
$1750 will buy a lot, 50x120, on Vernon st. In
the very best part of It
$1000 will buy a lot, 40x130. at the scenlo end
of Vernon st
BLACKSTONE HlLL—Here we have the finest
residence lot left on this charming site
for homes, that has been held as high as
$90 per foot; owner refused $75 per foot; 1
am now in a position to sell it for $55
per foot for a few days; no finer residence
location in Oakland: has charming view
of foothills and bay; 66x150.
BERKELEY—If you want a lot in Berkeley
I have one that must be sold; one block
east of Telegraph aye.; 52x145; $30 per
foot; worth $40 per foot.
JAS. 8. NAISMITH,
634 Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
A. J SNYDER,
Real Estate Broker and Dealor.
467 Ninth Street.
TO THE PUBLIC.
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE. THAT ON OR
ABOUT FEBRUARY 1 I WILL REMOVE
MY PLACE OF BUSINESS TO 901 BROAD
WAY CORNER OF EIGHTH STREET. THIS
MOVE HAS BEEN MADE NECESSARY ON
ACCOUNT OF A NEED FOR LARGER
QUARTERS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS THIS WEEK.
$5250. $5250. $5250.
AN ALBION STREET HOME.
See this at once. It must be sold.
$3600. $3600. 83600.
Lot 30x140.
House of 7 rooms and bath.
Just being completed.
NORTH SIDE OF THIRTIETH ST.
$9000. (B*o* $8000.
NORTH CORNER ON TELEGRAPH AYE.
Lot 100x120. This is certainly the choicest
lot left on Telegraph afvenue,
$1800. $1800. $1800.
Northeast corner of Grove and Thirtieth:
UA 40x90.
$1450. $1450. $IVo.
South side cf Thirty-first street between
Grove and Telegraph; lot 40x140.
A. J. SNYDER,
Real Estate Broker and Dealer.
467 NINTH STREET.
OFTJ.CE> OPEN SUNDAY.
f E. J. STEWART A CO..
1009 Broadway, Oakland.
INVESTMENTS —Are you looking for a good
safe Investment, where you can realize 12 per
cent on your money? Do you know that the
safest investment to he had is in realty? W*
have several glltedge Investments on hand at
present which we will gladly explain to you
if you will call at our office.
DON'T PAY RENT—Are you paying rent*
Do you know that we can sell you a fine
modern 5-room house, all ready to occupy, in
a desirable location, for less per month than
you are now paying in rent? If you will call
at our office we will show the property and
explain our easy payment plan to you. *
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY—A few excep
tionally good buys in lots at present, reason
able in price. A corner on Telegraph aye.,
$700. This may Interest you.
TO EXCHANGE —First-class 6-room house,
with barn, fruit trees, in Frultvale, to ex
change for Oakland property.
E. J. BTEWART A CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
HOLCOMB. BREED A BANCROFT. INC
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
$4250 —One of the most complete coxy little
homes in Oakland; located within two
blocks of car line, in best of neighbor
hoods: has 8 rooms, most conveniently ar
ranged; 35-foot lot.
181
|2700 —New 6-room cottage Just completed,
modern finish: right close to Grove st.
cars; lot 40x135 feet.
123
$2150 —Just bsing completed; an elegant 4-room
*< ccttage. large hall, pantry, wash trays
on back porch; will tint and furnish gas
fixtures to suit: right close to Key Route.
north side -treet; good terms for quick
sale.
1682
Santa Fe Tract lots on Key Route,
$700 and $800; one-fifth cash. $15 month
ly; all street work completed; send pos
tal to-day for pictures of beautiful homes.
See ads in other papers to-day of other
properties for sale by us; see our office
fists of properties; $2000 to $25,000.
HOLCOMB, BREED A BANCROFT. Inc.,
1080 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
BARGAIN! v
$6000 will buy a fine $9000 home.
MUST BE SOLD.
MUST BE SOLD.
Fine home of 9 rooms and all conveniences,
'surrounded by palms; lot 160 feet front; lot
surrounded by three streets; on electric line;
almost entirely free from fogs; climatic con
ditions unexeclled.
If you wish a flne sheltered home see this
property. It is in the Piedmont district.
For particulars see i
f J H. MACDONALD A CO.,
1052 Broadway.' Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAND —Two handsome two-story Colonial
houses, 6 rooms, large reception hall. bath,
laundry etc., in each. These are new houses
just completed in the growing residence sec
tion of Oakland, with all the latest modern
improvements; 6 minutes' walk from Key
Route and close to three electric street car
lines. Price $3500 each.
BOARDMAN BROTHERS A CO.,
138 Montgomery st.
$4,600— 8-room house on Telegraph, near 30th
St.; modern in every particular; elegantly
finished in curly redwood; terms if de
sired.
$6,250 —Extra well built flats on Jones St.; 60
-foot lot; sunny side; between Telegraph
aye. and Grove st. Other good bargains.
F. F. PORTER, 486 Eighth «t
j OAKLAND ADVERT WTB
OAKXANP REAL ESTATE.
1 TELEGRAPH aye. and 40th at., central Oak
land, Is only 80 minutes' ride via Key Routl
I from San Francisco; trains every 20 minutes;
monthly commutation tickets, only $3; rent*
I ed houses pay big interest on the invest
ment; lots within walking distance of sta
tions are the most reasonable in the city;
terms to suit. For full particulars see
RICHARD J. MONTGOMERY, real estate
owner and broker. Key Route station. 40tk
st and Telegraph aye., central Oakland.
| ALDEN REALTY CO., 5184 Telegraph aye.
$800—Lot 76x125 ; 2-room house, barn, etc.j
near Claremont and College ayes.
i $800—Lot 50x150; 3-room house, barn, etc.;
i same location: handy to car line.
A BARGAIN—Six rooms and bath, large base
j ment, big lot. fruit trees, barn: near cat
j line: twelve minutes to City Hall; high
sunny, healthy, flne view; $2500: easy terms;
see owner. BAYLEY, 468 Eleventh St., cs
416 East Twenty-third st.
FINEST lots In Oakland; centrally located.
Call on owner, BAYLEY, 26 Montgomery
st., room 8.
OAsTLABTD HOUSES TO LET.
822 50—SUNNY flat on Filbert St.; 7 roomsi
rent reduced; send for our rent catalogue]
Issued weekly. GEO. W. AUSTIN, ICOI
Broadway.
BFKINB VAN AND STORAGE CO.. general
movers; w* have the best ware.iouse in tit*
"West (only covered vans used). DON'T
MISTAKE THE NUMBER, 1016 Broadway,
Oakland: phone Main 907.
OAKLAND BOOMS TO LET.
8 OR 4 clean, sunny rooms; central; separate
entrance 615 Fifteenth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In fuml
ture. H. Schelhaas. 11th St..cor.store.Oakland
MILL T ALLEY ADV'BT'S'M'TS
MTLL TAXLET RE AL E*f** * TTB.
BIG lots close to the electrlo trains; on grad
ed streets; grand redwood trees; magnifi
cent views of bay and mountains; price*
very low, only 8300 to $800; terms $50 cash,
$10 monthistf don't delay; see them at
once; over 135 lots sold. Agent on th*
ground Sunday* LYON & HOAG, 116 Mont
gomery st.
San Francisco AdvertisemVs
< MA TRIM O RIAL.
YOUNG American Hebrew, 20, holding Gov.
position in Manila would like to marry
young lady under 30 of same faith, refined
and good family; home in Philippines: con
ndential; no agents. F. ALLEE, general
delivery, Manila. P. I.
GENTLEMAN of means and good business,
temperate and refined, wishes to form the ac.
quaintance of young lady with view to mat-*
rimony if suited; give full particulars in
first letter. Box 3400. Call office.
YOUNG gentleman. 28 years old. has som*
property and wants a wife, would like to
correspond with a kind lady matrimonially
inclined. Box 3105, Call office.
A YOUNG lady, brunette, with means, refined
and well educated, wishes to correspond with
a refined gentleman; object matrimony; no
triflera. Box 3404. Call office.
GENTLEMAN, 85 years old. having a good
business, would like to meet lady with busi
ness ability and means; object matrimony;
no agents. Box 3399, Call.
LADY. 47, stranger, desires acquaintance of
gentleman some means; object matrimony.
Answer, statins/ facts, box 3543, Call office.
MARRIAGE paper: prints photos and ad
dresses; 8 pages, 10c; correspondence free.
A. 8. Stover, box 667, Chicago. 111.
YOUNG man, 35 years, wishes the acquaint
ance of a young lady between 25 and 34;
object, matrimony. Box 3050, Call.
PACIFIC Marriage Bureau—Confidential. De
talls 10c. Box 3370. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAH.
A A AAA —A CONFIDENTIAL and reputable
place to borrow money on the following:
Salaries.
Life insurance policies.
Chattel mortgages.
Undivided Interests.
Goods In bond.
Legacies.
Second and third mortgages.
Estates In probate.
Life estates.
Rents.
Special department for loans to ladies on
their notes.
Privates offices for ladies and gentlemen.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO.,
21 Stockton St., near Market,
2d floor. Phone Bush 484.
A AAA—THE Portland Jewelry Co. will make
you very liberal loans on your di - onds.
sealskin or any valuables at the low .ate of
two (2) per cent per month: if you do not
wish to call, phone us (phone Bush 484) and
the manager of our loan department will call
on you; all business strictly confidential.
25 STOCKTON ST.. NEAR MARKET.
Private offices at 21 Stockton St.. 2d floor.
N. B. —Tne only loan office w-st of New
York that has a fire and burglar proof vault
on the premises; free use of same to all cus
tomers.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5% AND 6 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es
tates in probate, undivided Interests In prop
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests In property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 8924.
AAA—HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
Ist, 2d or 3d
Mortgages, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest
Give full particulars
of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
978 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1193
Market and 27 Third.
A ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates: no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate;
Ist or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 86.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 40
principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal: other security: fairest
rates: strictly confidential: no commls. Na
tional Credit Co., 506 Donohoe bid.. 8 Taylor.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls snd precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fse; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan C 0.,523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25, up; quick,
jrl' -te. confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co.. 420 California St.. rooms 14 and 15.
SALARIED people on note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, jewelry:
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.. 722 Mkt.
DON'T borrow money on salary until yon see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bIL
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to anlaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Bar. Bk. bldg,» |
ALL loans on diamonds A Jewelry at 2 per osnt
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 838 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no coS. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people oft notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 608 Examiner bldg.
X WEEK' 3 news for S cents—The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED—Loan of $1000 on Improved prop
erty: clear title; will give first mortgage at
7 per cent. Address box 3504. Call office.
For Additional Classified Advertise
ments See Page Forty-Six.
4546
CHURCH SERVICES. j
UNITARIAN Church Geary
and Franklin sts.—Rev. Bradford Leavitt
minister. Junior church and Sunday sohool
are at 10 o'clock. Rev. Bradford Leavltt
and C. A. Murdock. superintendents. Sunday
service le at 11 o'clock. There is no even
ing service. Rev. William M. Jones of Oak
land will preach. Muaio by quartet, under
direction of H. Bretheriok. organist. All are
cordially invited. l
UNITARIAN Church (Second), cor. Twentieth
and Capp sts. (take Mission or Valeria st.
car)—C Calvert Smoot, minister: residence,
;;470 Twentieth st. The Sunday school meets
at 9:45 o'clock; Mrs. L. A. Covell. superin
tendent. At the morning eervlcs. at v
o'clock. C. Calvert Smoot will preach. Sub
iect. "Is the Religion of Jesus Practloafcle.7
Instrumental and vocal muslo under- the di
rection of Prof. H. B. Pasmore. Selections
from Handel. Mr, J. O. Laoey. soloist. AU
cordially invited. No evening service.
GRACE Church, California St., oor. Stockton—
Rev David J. Evans, rector. Celebration,
of holy communion, Ba. ro. Morning ser
vice, 11 o'clock. Te Deum (Buck) tn B flat;
Jubilate (Gilchrist) in A flat: offertory, •Be
hold I Bring You Good Tidings" (Lynes).
Full cathedral service. 7:45 p. m» Service
(Cobb) In F. Sermon at both servioes by
the rector. Organist and choirmaster, Wil
liam K. Holt _____
TRINITY Church. Bush and Go ugh sta.—
Rev. Frederick W. COampett D. Dw, rector.
Holy communion, 7:80 a. m. Sunday-school,
8:80 a. ro. Morning prayer and sermon by
rector 11 o'clock. Evening MASS MEET
ING mt 8 o'clock. Subject. '•MARRIAGE
AND DIVORCE.'' Speakers. President Da
vid Starr Jordan. John A- Wright Esq.,
Rev. D. Charles Gardner. All seats free,
PIRBT Presbyterian ClhjairUX Van Ness av«s
and Sacrament- at—Rev. Wm. Kirk Outfe.
rle. pastor. The pastor will preach at U
a. m. and 7:80 p. m. Bible school, 9:48
a', m. Christian Bndeawor, 6:15 p. m, and
6; 16 p. ro, Wednesday. 8 p. m.. midweek
prayer meeting. Thursday evening, monthly
meeting Men's Club. Dinner. 6:80 P. m..
for members and guests. All are cordially
Invited.
CALVARY Prenbrtertan Churoh oor, Jackson
and Fillmore at*.—Rev. John jßemphlU.
D.D., pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock,
Sermon toplo, "The Personality of God.'
Evening service at 7:88 o'clock. Sermon
toplo, "''What Christian Endeavor Stands
For." The pastor will preach at both serv
ices. Sabbath sohool at 9:80 a. m. Chris
tian Endeavor meeting at 6:15 p, ro. Prayer
meeting Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. All
are cordially invited.
FIRST Congregational Churoh, corner Post and
Mason sts. —Rev, George 0* Adama, D.D.,
nast;-, will preach at both services | at 11
a. m„ tonic, "The Gospel Story—Why Four
Gospels, and How They Were Written"; at
7.45 p. jxl, topic, "Studies in the Life of
Joseph; a Boy Who Dreamed." All are cor*
dlally invited.
THIRD Congregational Church. Fifteenth st,
near Mission: Rev. William Rnder, pastor;
residence 207 Church, cor. Fifteenth; tel.
Mission 420—11 a. m., "Mothers—Their
Trials and Triumphs"; 7:80 p. m.. "Lyman
Abbott's God, or the Problem of ths Su
preme Belwr': regular people's service;
chorus music; free seata
CENTRAL M, B. Churoh, Mission St., bet
Sixth and Seventh —The pastor. Dr. George
W. White, will, at the morning service, give
» the last in the series of sermons on "Is ths
Apostles' Creed Obsolete?" He will also
preach at night Sunday school at 12:45,
Rolls V. Watt superintendent Young Peo
ple's meetings at 6:16. Publlo song service
begins at 7:80. Free seats; everybody wel
come.
GRACE Methodist Episcopal Church, corner
Twenty-first and Capp sts.; Rev. F. M.
Larkin, Ph.D.. minister; residence, 8168
Twenty-first st—Servioes, 11 a. m, and 7:30
p. m.: Sunday school, 12:46 p. m.; morning
subject "The Mysteriss of Heaven Reveal
ed"; evening subject, "Does God Shake the
Earth?" Chorus choir, Robert Husband, di
rector.
FIMPSON Memorial Methodist Churoh, corner
of Hayes and Buchanan sts.—Rev. James H.
N. Williams, pastor, will prsaoh at 11 a. m.,
on "The Knightshtp of Jesus," and at 7:30
p. m., on "Christ's Conception of Man,"
Epworth League devotional meeting at 6:80
p. m. A welcome for aIL High grade muslo
by large chorus choir.
FIRST Baptist Church, 820 Eddy st.—Rev.
A S. Coats will preach at 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. re.; Bible school, 12:30 p. m.; Christian
Endeavor meetings, 6:30 p. m.; prayer
meeting Wednesday. 7:48 p. m., led by H.
K. Mitchell; all welcome to these services;
seats free.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
block. 223 Sutter St.. bet, Kearny St. and
Grant aye.—Christian Science service at 11
a. m.; subject of lesson-sermon. "Sacra
ment"; Sunday school for children at the
same hour; Wednesday evening meeting at
8 o'clock; free reading-room. 206 Kearny st,,
rooms 509-510; all are welcome.
THE People's Church holds services in Elks*
Hall, 223 Sutter St., every Sunday evening,
at 8 o'clock. Subject this evening, "Question
Box." Pastor, Mrs. Anna L. Gillespie, resi
dence 631 Van Ness aye.
iAT the Toung Men's Christian Association,
Mason and Ellis sts.. a mass-meeting for
men will be held this afternoon at 8 o'clock.
The address by Mr. Joseph Koshaba, a
highly educated Persian who has been edu
cated In this country'- Muslo by the Robson
orchestra. All men invited.
BUDDHIST Mission. 807 Polk st.—Every Sun
day mornlntr at 11 o'clock service and ser
mon. To-day Rev. K. Kino will speak on
"Resolution Is Prophecy."
MEETINGS—SUNPAT.
A—TESTS, Odd Fellows' building Remem
brance Hail, 2:30-7:30, Wilson; 7:80, Har
grave. 10c.
.EDWARD EARLE'S seance Tuesday night, 219
Eddy st.; readings daily. Hotel Higgins, 235
O'Farrell St.; hours 10 to 5.
MME. YOUNG'S test meeting to-night; Mrs.
Seal lectures; 619 McAllister st; 10c; come
skeptics.
SCOTTISH Hall, meeting 8 p.m.; Wrenn, Sam
uels, Lester, McKee, Wilson, Hovet, Hahn,
Brooks.
A—MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bua medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
ARTHUR HOWE, lecture; Mrs. Howe, psychic
demonstrations. Rm. 8. 1.0.0. F. bid., 2 p.m.
A—MRS. HARLAND, evening test circle to
night. 10c; readings. 60c, $1. 148 Sixth st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 835 McAllister st—Mrs.O.
J.Meyer; sit.dally;tests to al! every eve... 100.
W. G. KERGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth at.
AGNES BACON testa to-night, ably assisted"
Foresters' bldg., 102 O'Farrell st
MEETINGS—THEOBOPHICAL.
THE Theosophical Society. Academy of Sci
ences Hall—Public lecture 8 p. m. by Miss
J. C. Brodie; subject, "The Law of Love."
Music by Professor W. H. Lipscombe.
meetings—Universal Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophical
Society (Katherlne Tingley, leader and offi
cial head). San Francisco center 912 Bush
st.; free public meeting to-night. 8 o'clock.
SUNDAY LECTURES,
AAA—"NOW" lecture, Henry Harrison Brown,
subject. "New Thought for the New Tear";
a lecture of practical help for the whole
year; Odd Fellows' bldg.. cor. Seventh and
Market sts.; 8 p. m. sharp; music: free, with
collection; classes commence Monday and
Tuesday evenings at "NOW" Folk parlors.
DR. JOHN A. KERGAN'S free lecture this
evening at Electricians' Hall, 35 Eddy st:
subject. "Sources of Danger," followed by
views of a visit to the East: free tickets will
be distributed for X-Ray exhibition at sani
tarium. Tuesday evening. Remembe- the
question box; special music.
UNION Square Hall, 421 Post st.—AUSTIN
LEWIS will commence his course of lec
tures on the "Evolution of Industry" on
January ?, at 3 o'clock; subject of first lec
ture. "General Laws of Industrial Growth";
general admission, 10c.
' 'TEMPERAMENTAL Marriage"—Lecture, il
lustrated by faces present; to married ladles
only; by Mrs. Van Auken, 815 Van Ness
ave.T near Ellis; 8 Monday evening; 10c.
MISS FRANCES SPEYBR speaks, Golden Gate
Hall, 11 a. m.; subject, ,"The New Dis
pensation."
VEDANTA SOC. —Swami's lecture to-night at
8, on "Human Vibrations." 40 Stelner; 29c
ALHAMBRA Theater, to-night, at 8; "Some
Objections to-Socialism" ; A. M. Lewis; free.
A. M. Lewis, Academy of Sciences, Thursday,
8 p. m.. "When Thieves Fall Out"; 10c.
DR. COLLINGE: subject, "Home Rights";
Welcome Hali. Odd Fellows' bldg.. 8 p. m.
JkTEETTNG NOTICES.
{THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Nevada National Bank of San Fran
cisco, Cel.. will be held at Its banking
house 801 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
Cal.. 'on TUESDAY. January 10. 1006.
at 8:15 p. m., for the election of directors to
serve during the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
GEO. GRANT, Secretary.
December 10, 1904.
MRETTHO NOTlCES—Contlnnod.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. ■
M. —Called meeting THIS DAY 'VNf
(MONDAY). January 9, at 7 :S0 p. m. />r\
Degree 1. By order of the W. M.
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
UNITY Lodge No. 131, L O. O. F.,
16th and Valencia at*,—Apollo jPMa
Lodge No. 123 has accepted
invitation to pay Unity Lodge ' ■sssji --
No. 181 a fratsrnal visit and its degree team
has kindly consented to oonfer the second
degree on several brothers. Visitors are
earnestly invited and will be welcome.
H. J. Bt VAUPEL, N. 0t
WM. J. HARRY. Reo. See.
ALTA Lodge No. 205. I. O. O. F. _*jaj-ejk_
—Installation of officers, MON- _Sp!_fig£&
DAY EVE., Jan. 9.
B. F. LBDFORD, N. O. m Wm mmr
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 810. t O.
O. F.—lnstallation on MONDAY
EVE.. Jan. ». VlsiUng bnthrenWOK»
cordially invited.
M. P. HAWKINS, N. G.
8. H. FISHER, R S. .
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222, LOO. .jM-BPA-,.
F. —Installation of officers MON- -jS~* a f»«b
DAY EVENING, Jan. 9. V;a
iters invited. w> _.
4\ GRAY Jr.. Recording Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No, 1. I. O.
O F.—lnstallation of officers d» ■§§£
MONDAY EVENING, Jan. 9|
oom. up end o y^ctrand^
MODERN Woodmen of America. Good- "f*jf** r
fellowship Camp 8638, M. W. of A., y
meets every MONDAY NIGHT at
Electricians' Hall. 36 Eddy st, city. \jJ
W. H. EDWARDS, V. C.
W. J. ELLIOTT, Clark; office, room 627
Emma Spreckels building.
CLAN Fraser No. 78, O S. 0., will r+u
celebrate the l>sth axmiversary of OKs*
the birth of ROBERT BURNS by
oonoert and danos In NsAlyeSons* -JtNJ.
Hall, 414 Mason at. on TUESDAY JFsST
EVENING, Jan. 24; oharaotaristio 3
tableaux from Bums' works; choral singing
by 200 olansmen in oostume; Burns' songs by
well-known artiste; the concert to be fol
lowed by dancing; muslo by Fair-grieve; ad
mission 600. children 25a COMMITTEE.
THE snrnir.l meeting of the Association of the
Hospital for Children and Training School
for Nurses will be held at the hospital on
THURSDAY. Jan, 12, 1905. at 2 p. m.. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
for the ensuing year and for any other busi
ness that may come before the meeting.
HARRIET G. HOLMES, Recording Seo.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by hydraulic
process from F. C. Bamum in American
House mine, near American House, Plumas
County, Cal., draining Into dry ravine which
reaches Valley Creek and South Fork of
Feather River, and from Harry Johns and
C. F. Cowan, In Spring Hill Mine, near Bo
nora, Tuolumne County, Cal., draining into
Woods Creek, which reaches Tuolumne Riv
er, gives notice that a meeting to receive
any protests will be held at room 68, Flood
building, San Franoisoo, Cal., Jan. 23, 1906.
at 1:80 p. m.
THE California Debris Commission, having re
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic pro
cess from Wins- Kee, in American Hydraulic
mine, near Port Wins. Sierra County, Cel.,
draining Into Morristown Ravine, thence Into
Yuba River; from Jerry Curtis, in Forest
Grove mine, near Johnsvills. Plumas County,
Cal., draining into East Nelson Creek, which
reaches Feather River; from North Star Min
ing Company, in Lancell Placer mine, near
Mokelumne Hill. Calaveras County, Cal.,
draining Into Rich Gulch, which reaches
Calaveras River; and from J. A. Hartman.
In Clayton Ranch Ravine mine, near Forbes
town, Yuba County, Cal., draining Into Dry
Creek, which reaches Yuba River, gives no
tice that a meeting to receive any protests
will be held at room 68, Flood building,
Ban Francisco. Cel.. January 16, 1905, at
1:30 p. m.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting (annual) —To the
stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany: Please take notice that the annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Oceanic
Bieamshlp Company will be held at the
principal office of the company (i. c.. 827
Market St., room 4, second floor). In the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cali
fornia, on SATURDAY, the 21st day of
January, A. D., 1906. at 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of electing directors and for
the transaction of such other business as
may properly come before the meeting. The
stock transfer books of the company will be
closed ten (10) days prior to said day of
meeting. By order of the board of director.
H. W. THOMAS, Secretary Oceanic
Steamship Company, 827 Market St., San
Francisco, Cal.
San Francisco, January 8, 1909.
SPECIAL MEETING—A special meeting of
the stockholders of the Pajaro Valley Con
solidated Railroad Company will be held at
the office of the company, 327 Market street.
San Francisco, on TUESDAY, the 17th day
of January, 1906, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting. The transfer
books of the company will close on Friday,
January 13. 1906, at 8 p. m. By order of
the president. W. H. HANNAM.' Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING—The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Company will be held at the office of the
company, 126 Stockton st., at 12 o'clock,
noon, on WEDNESDAY, the 11th day of
January. 1905, for the election of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and for the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the Golden Gats Kin
dergarten Association for the election of di
rectors will be held at 560 Union st. on
MONDAY, January 16, at 10 a. m.
VIRGINIA FITCH. President.
JESSEY DORR. Secretary.
AGENTS WAHTED.
AGENTS wanted—Country; for "Bliss Native
Herbs," guaranteed to cure "Rheumatism"
and ail other blood disorders, or your money
back; price $1; large profits: exclusive ter
ritory. BLISS CO., 825 Montgomery, S. F.
AGENTS wanted everywhere to handle "Nov
elty Sign Cards"; every merchant buys
from 10 to 100 pn sight: 800 varieties; cata
losme free. SULLI\'AN CO., 405 W. Van
Buren St., Chicago, 111.
WE pay $18 a week and expenses to men with
rigs to introduce poultry compound: year's
contract. Imperial Mfg. Co., Dept. 54, Par
sons, Kans.
PORTRAIT agents—Find out about our hlgh
grado guaranteed work; lowest prices;
prompt shipments. Hettinger Art Co., Chicago.
PERFUMES, cosmetics, flavoring powders. Pa
cific Agents Supply Co., 1220 Treat aye., S. F.
HONEST, well educated man or woman: large
acquaintance; flne salary. Box 3393, Call.
SOAP agents—Big 7-bar box soap;' 11 cents.
PARKER CHEMT'AL CO.. Chicago.
ASTROLOQT.
ASTOR. noted astrologer: personal .or mall
consultation, $1; complete course lessons, $10.
907 Market st.
ATTORHETSjAT-LAW.
A FRAUDULENT divorce Is dear at $12 and
Is no good; for 22 years I've made divorces
a specialty; quick, quiet; no money needed;
no pay unless divorce is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free; collections
made. O. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-law, Exam, bldg.,
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 20
years; all courts, general court and office
practice: no fees In advance or for consulta
tion; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AA—Divorce; costs $12: quick.quiet;advlce lree~
all law business; no charge unless success
tol; open evenings. 927 Market St.. room 801.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs in advance; all law business; offlce
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market st.. r. 33.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304; consulta
tion free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
JOHN GUIDERY, attorney-atTFaw. rooms 8
and 4, 240 Montgomery st.; phone Red 6617.
'AST-OKA CUKE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly;
10c, 25c. 50c. 1602 Market St. Nicholas.
also Wlshsrt. 10th and Washington. Oakland
CABFET^
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal:
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. 8. F. Com
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market st;<
phones Main 152 and Bush 478.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat.
Ing works.3ss-357 Tehama st Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works 1.809 Har
rison st; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGB*
PORN ft CO.: phone Mission 225.
MICHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st—First-class
carpet cleaning, 8c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
BEST carpet cleaning and laying done by
GISSLOW, 608 Larkin st; phone Bast 748.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM ft CO., Props.
RUDOLPH ft CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel. Mission 263.
CHEROPODIBTB.
MRB. DUNLAP, chiropodist, has returned;
gives personal attention. Offlce, 6 Eddy st.,
room 108; hours. 9 to 11. 12:30 to 4.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905.
ATJTOMOBXEBa.
KNOX runabout, $300; Rambler runabout.
$450: Whit, touring- oar, $1000, with ton
$1100; Cameron car. $500; Cadlllao 1903
model, new, $700; Cadillac, 1904, with top.
$800, 802 Golden Gate aye.; phone Butter
859.
AUTOMOBILE gasoline runabout for sale or
trade for city property; $700 cash. Box 8683,
Call office.
BARGAIN'—"MobiIe" runabout. $150; in run
ning order; investigate. Call or write 673
Thirty-sixth St.. Oakland.
EXCHANGE —Handsome new mahogany grand
piano in exchange for standard maks 1904
automobile^Box^B23L^alL^^^^^^^
WILL board child 2 to 18 years old in fins
country home; school accommodations. Call
or address 19 Powers court, Alameda. «
CHILD to board: no other children; sunny.
bright horns. 1620 Castro at-, comer 26th.
CHILDREN to board. 540 A Natoma st.
LADY wishes 1 or 2 children to board; best of
care. 1910 Baker St., near Sacramento.
ONE or two children boarded; would room
parents. 642 Jessie st.
SMALL child to board in privats family; beat
care. 861 $( Greenwich at.
CHILD to board; good home; reasonable.
MRS. STTLSON. Frultvale,
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A—83000; CORNER saloon on Sixth St.; place
doing a good paying buslnsss; estab, years;
lease; a first-class business proposition. For
particulars see R. G. WILKE. 20Va Kearny.
A—$1800; BAKERY in lively town, 80 miles
from S. F.: rent $27: 4 years' lease; baking
2 barrels per day; 8 horses, 2 wagons: large
store trade. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26*4
Kearny st '
A—$800; OYSTER and chop house, close to
Market and 7th sts.; rent $29; good business;
owner must sell this place or his other
oyster and chop houss on Montgomery aye.)
price $450: rent $16; com* investigate and
take your choice. R O. WILKE, 26H
Kearny st.
A—s6so: SALOON on 4th st. close to Market;
a good business, worth at least $1000. Par
tlculars R. O. WILKE. 26ft Kearny st.
; A—sl2oo; ROADHOUSE; 4 furnished rooms;
rent $16; lease; shuffleboard; place estab
lished many years; best location on San Ma
j too road Call R. Q. WILKE, 26ft Kearny.
A—s22oo; CORNER saloon on California St.;
rent $75; old established business and good
paying place; flne fixtures: large stock; a
bargain. Call R. G., WILKE. 26ft Kearny.
! A—sl2oo; FRUIT and produce stand in leading
I market; doing a business of $100 per day; 3
horses, 2 wagons; a splendid offer and rare
chance. Call R Q. WILKE. 26ft Kearny.
A—$800; RESTAURANT and chophouse; close
•o 2 carhouses; 5 rooms; rent $33; established
years; doing a first-class business; investi
gate; this is a good business and a bargain.
Particulars R. Q. WILKE. 26ft Kearny st.
A—s4ooo; BAKERY and confectionery, estab
lished many years; baking 7 barrels per day;
6 horses wagons and buggy; one of the best
In this city. Bee R G. WILKE. 28ft Kearny.
A—sBso; WELL established real estate office In
Napa Co.; office doing a good business; has
valuable contracts; clearing about $150; par
tlculars R G. WILKE. 26ft Kearny st.
A—ssoo; HARDWARE, locksmith and electri
cal repair shop; established 25 years; best
location. Particulars R G. WILKE, 26ft
Kearny st.
A—$1800; SALOON on water front, dose to
Market st.; net rent $120; place established
many years and known as a good paying
business. Bee R. Q. WILKE. 26ft Kearny.
A—sBsoo; LIQUOR store, with, 5 yearn' lease;
$2000 stock guaranteed: one block north of
Market: a very rare chance. Call on R. G.
WILKE. 26ft Kearny st.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
daily receipts $50; rent $80; lease: place lo
cated close to Market and a good business.
Call on R. G. WILKE, 26ft Kearny st.
A—$1000; HOTEL; a first-class paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen with 6-year
lease; close to carhouse and other factories.
Bee R. G. WILKE. 26ft Kearny st.
A—$1800; RESTAURANT for sale m the best
mining town in the State of Nevada; daily
receipts $160; opposite the round house; no
better paying proposition-in Nevada. Partio
ulars R. G. WTLKE. 26ft Kearny st.
A—s7ooo; BAKERY, one of the best in dty;
monthly sales $6000; splendid chance for two
partners: not all cash necessary. Particulars
see R. G. WILKE, 26ft Kearny st.
i 1
; A—s2soo; HOTEL in Sonoma Co.; 20 furn.
rooms; dining and bar room, bus, 2 horses,
cow, etc., and 7 acres of land; 5 years' lease;
rent $50 or owner will sell whole property
for $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26ft
Kearny st.
A —sl7so; CORNER grocery and bar. with 5
living rooms, on Sacramento St.; 4ft years'
lease; rent $45; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKE, 26ft Kearny st,
A—s23so; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi
ness; 3 horses, 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best location;
a good cash business. See R. G. WILKE,
26 ft Kearny st.
A—$800; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es
tab. 20 years and known as a good busi
ness. See R. O. WILKE, 26 ft Kearny st.
A—s24so; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash busi
ness; location can't be beat; value in sight.
See R. O. WILKE, 26ft Kearny St. •
A—s26oo; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block from Examiner building; place estab
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 26ft Kearny st.
INVESTORS —Your attention is called to the
stock of a corporation engaged in the manu- j
facture and sale ot a hardware specialty
upon which a patent has been allowed, which
stock Is for sale in amounts to suit. The ar
ticle is displacing other articles intended for
the «ame purpose now on the market on ac
count of its simplicity, lightness and ease of
operation. A well known business man is at
the head of the enterprise, and the profits
which can be made in the business will allow
a good Income on the investment. Full par
ticulars at Sonntag's Patent Agency, 214
Pine st; telephone Front 14. A full investi
gation solicited.
TO INVESTORS.
WE HANDLE
High-class propositions only.
From $600 to $50,000.
Have dividend propositions paying all the
way from 5 to 20 per cent per annum.
Fullest investigation courted.
Call or write for particulars.
J. W. JAQUITH & CO..
James Flood building.
Rooms 874, 876 and 878; tel. John 2421.
WE are offering guaranteed Investment you can
not afford to miss; large or small. 004 Call bid.
WANTED—Young man with some cash for
legitimate business that will stand Investi
gation: no experience required. Box 1554,
Call office.
FOR sale—Good saloon on water front, near
Market st.; will be sold cheap on account of
sickness. Apply SIEBE BROS. ft PLAGB
MANN, 328 Sansome st.
FOR sale- G~xl-pay!ng dairy: well located and
equlppeu, ith choice patronage; flne lot |
mixed stock; cozy home; cheap lease. Box:
B. Cell office, San Jose.
$7500 —GROCERY and bar (separate); promi- '
nent corner; Immense stock; fine teams, etc;
long lease; established 20 years; owner to re
tire; no agents. Apply P. O. box 2228.
WE Incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unlisted securities; loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. Ellicott Square,
Buffalo.
OFFICE BUSINESS.
Well established; $700 and service* of right
party secures half Interest. Box 3293, Call.
FOR sals—Half or whole interest in a patent
revolving harrow which is in demand; in
vestigate this. Box 1990, Call office, Oakland.
FOR sals —Cheap; $490; good paying restau
rant. Box 3341. Call.
FOR sale —Account departure, cheap; paint
shop, complete. 288 .O'Farrell; fruit store.
FOR sgle—A grocery, doing very good busi
ness: all new goods; must be sold as owner
is going away. Address 6602 San Pablo aye.,
Oakland.
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good. Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
COUNTRY newspaper properties for sale;
dally, weekly. W. F. CORNELL ft CO.. SJ.B
Sacramento st.
FOR sale—Lodging and boarding house and 19
sunny rooms; electric lights; reasonable. 121
Drumm st.
GOOD second-hand store for sale. For par
ticulars apply 617 Washington st.
A DELICATESSEN grocery for sale. Call
Monday. 1807 Mission, cor. Fourteenth.
ARE you looking for a grocery and bar? In
quire 729 Folsom St.; price right.
SMALL place to let; suitable for single man
for chicken ranch. 5323 Mission st.
MUSICIAN can And safe and highly profitable
investment for $200. Box 3213, Call.
A—CAMERON ft CO. Phone South 1060.
8 Eddy at., oor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for .all kinds of business chances.
Here Is an opportunity of retting one of the
best groceries and bars In city; fine transfer
corner; downtown and doing big business;
cheap rent: 5 years' lease; receipts average
$1800 to $2000 per month; never changed
hands; best of reasons for selling. CAM
ERON ft CO.
Exchanges mads in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAM
ERON ft CO., 3 Eddy st.
One of the best grocery and liquor stores; been
established for 20 years; doing flne business;
clearing $300 to $600 per month; owner has
made fortune and wishes to retire from busi
ness; good horse and wagon, with complete
stock, goes for $1800: fixtures worth price
asked; present owner there 8 years.
For sale—First-class bazaar and cigar busi
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rent;
fixtures and store up-to-date; established 17
years; flne new stock of goods; has never
changed hands; now clearing $360 and over
per month; best reason for selling; an op
portunity of a lifetime. SEE CAMERON
ft CO.
For sale—"Well furnished and equipped country
hotel; 60 rooms; rent only $160; ten-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through
out; about 50 miles from S. F.; flne, grow
ing town; present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON ft CO.. 8 Eddy.
First-class saloon; downtown; two blocks from
Market st, rent $75; well fitted up; receipts
$18 to $25 per day; must be sold on account
Of other business; price, $1600. CAMERON
ft CO.
First-class short order restaurant, downtown;
fittings new and up-to-date; receipts $75 to
$80 per day; flne opportunity to get Al prop
osition reasonable; best of reason for sell
ing. CAMERON ft CO.
For sale—First-class downtown otgar store:
doing good business, but disagreement of
partners cause of sale. CAMERON ft CO.
For sale—Well located. 8-chalr barber shop
on Fillmore st.; rent $15; doing good busi
ness; old established stand; here is a chance
to get paying business for little money:
owner leaving city; prioe $300. CAMERON
ft CO.
WESTERN REALTY CO. Open evenings.
1007 ft Markst st Phone Foisom 2046.
$150—BARBER shop; 2 chairs; rent $20; good
trade, 1007 ft Market at
$1100— KEARNT-st. saloon; central location;
good stock and fixtures. 1007 ft Market st.
$600—GROCERY' and bar, lloense, stock and
fixtures; must- sell Monday. See owner at
1007 ft Market st.
$178—PARTNER to take cash and assist In
restaurant. 1007 ft Market st
$100—CORNER cigar stand; Third st, near
Market; cheap rent. 1007 ft Market st
$600 —CANDY store and icecream parlor on
Market st; cheap rent; plenty of tools; largs
trade; Al fixtures; sacrificed: leaving olty.
WESTERN REALTY CO.. 1007 ft Market st
F. A. BROOKBANK,
BUSINESS AGENT.
017 Market st, between Fifth and Sixth.
$500 —PARTNER for well paying cigar stand
on Market st.; elegant fixtures; large stock;
must be sober and reliable man; no experi
ence required. See BROOKBANK.
A —PARTY with $300 and services can seoure
an interest in well-paying business clearing
$200 to $260 monthly at present and same
can be easily increased; must be sober and
Industrious. Particulars with BROOKBANK.
BAY SHORE REALTY CO..
1206 Market st Phone Mint 2088.
$600—MAN take Interest in old-estab. business;
$100 guaranteed. Bay Shore Realty Co.
$325—G00D boarding-house; cheap rent; full
of steady boarders. Bay Shore Realty Co.
$2500 —FIRST-CLASS 44-room lodging-house;
big money-maker. Bay Shore Realty Co.
$300 —LADY with $300 to take charge of 20
-room lodging-house. Bay Shore Realty Co.
BIG profits in grain and stocks; success is
what our customers are having. Why not
you? $100 in wheat last week made $325;
send for free daily letter and booklet "How
to Speculate." E. J. MORTON ft CO..
Board of Trade, Chicago.
HOTEL (mechanics) and bar, contains 43
rooms; rent $70; furnishings nearly newj
hotel earns $200 and upward a month; flne
opening for experienced hotel people; price
$3500. SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 1016 Mar
ket st. Phone Jessie 3041.
100 LOTS FREE.
Applicants sending stamp will receive a deed
of lot size 25x100 feet to advertise West
minster Park, suburb New York; agents want
ed; salary $100 a month.
20th Century Realty Co., No. 6 Wall st, N. Y.
GOING East; must sell extra flne grocery
business in best residence town across the
bay; clearing over $100 per month; flne
stock fixtures, llvlnjr rooms; cheap rent;
$1550"buys all; investigate. Box 3563, Call.
STOCK or bond Issue, reputable corporation,
mining, industrial or railroad, wanted. Have
every facility for selling same on commis
sion. Give particulars. P. O. Box 1463,
New York City.
A 24-ROOMED apartment house in a choice
residence district for sale; the apartments
are rented all the time and clear over $90
per month; investigate this bargain. Box
3104. Call office.
GREAT activity In wheat presents splendid
opportunities for large profits; $20 margins
1000' bushels 2 cents; send for free book,
"Facts and Figures," explaining option trad
ing. Osbom Grain Co., Minneapolis, Minn.
$600 BUYS ft int. in the best paying business
in city; bona fide proposition; clears $200 a
month; experience not necessary; investigate
this at once. Box 8367. Call.
FOR sale in Oakland—Hotel of 82 rooms; nice
ly and newly furnished; everything new and
up to date; part cash, balanoe easy terms.
Box 3299. Call office.
AN Income for the family; dividends that will
please- you. Address International Lumber
and Development Co. (assets $13,000,000),
Drexel building. Philadelphia, Pa.
PRINTING office wanted —I want to rent a
small plant, 2 to 4 presses, etc., for a year;
wilt buy If all right; references. Box 3319,
Call office.
FOR a Rood Investment and salary combined,
in a land and cattle co., also mining and
Government land, see me at once. Room 80,
Golden West Hotel.
SALOON for sale in Point Richmond; good
trade and every thing complete. Address box
3099, Call office.
$3000 WILL double in short time; establishes a
safe, sure business of immense profits. 904,
Call building.
$650 —PARTNER wanted; manfg. and store
business: sure profit of $100 a month to each;
good value in sight. 632 Market, room 6.
MUST be closed out, the stock of groceries and
fixtures in store at 2001 Fillmore St.; make
offer. Store open from 8 a. m. to 6p. m.
CORNER grocery and bar; north Market St.;
receipts $60 a day; must sell by February L
PAC. BUSINESS ASSN.. 1148 Market st.
FOR sale—A good carriage and wagon ma
terial business, at a bargain. Call and in
vestigate, 60-62 Duboce aye.
A GOOD paying boarding-house and bar for
sale. Apply to Washington Hotel, 14 Wash
ington st, near East.
WANT to buy store business or harness or
blacksmith shop; city or neighboring town.
Box 3395, Call offlce.
$1000—PARTNERSHIP; manufacturing; sell
ing new inventions; $200 to $300 month. Box
8008, Call offlce.
WILL sell or trade my store for lot in Los
Angeles; worth about $300. 14T7 Fifth St.,
West Oakland.
LIQUOR store and saloon; fine wine cellar;
good lease; good corner. 2898 16th, cor.
Howard.
GROCERY and bar on Folsom st. for sale for
$1400. Address box 3408, Call office.
GROCERY and liquor store for sale, cheap.
438 Clementina st.
FOR sale —Saloon, with 18 furnished rooms;
close transport dock; long lease. 212 East st.
STOCK in an industrial enterprise; big money
maker. Box 3311. Call.
HOUSEKEEPER with $100 to buy rooming
house worth $500. Owner, box 3055. Call.
FOR sale or exchange—Estab. hotel property;
well rented. Owner, box 8044, Call.
CANDY store or half Interest in good paying
factory. Inquire 1810 Market st.
FOR sale—Good fruit store; leased. 1201
Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale or to lease, small printing offlce.
Box 3541, Call office.
RESTAUR ANT for sale. 181 Sixth <•*
A—CAMERON ft CO. Phone South 1050;
8 Eddy st. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
Beautiful new building; grand entrance;
electric elevator, lights; steam heat; 60 light
and sunny rooms, elegantly furnished; spacious
halls, draperies and fittings of the best; where
you can have an exquisite home besides clear
ing $300 ;>er month above all expenses; close
in; cheap rent and long lease; this house is
always full of best people; sickness causes
sale; exclusively with us.
14-room house, furnished in oak and mahog
any; good carpets; first-class location; all full
and clearing nice little salary every month;
you can get it for $600 cash.
Grand, new, modern apartment-house; beau
tiful building; elegantly furnished; good long
lease with cheap rent; only 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny st.; has 180 rooms and pays $500
to $600 per month; always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had if taken at once.
This Is a flne opportunity for some one with
$1000 casli to get 26 rooms well furnished In
oak and cherry; everything In first-class shape
and clears $&5 above all expenses; leaves 3
rooms for landlady; balance can be paid out
of house.
For sale, 4 years' lease and business of 27
-rcorn northeast corner house, well and com
pletely furnished and equipped boarding-house;
swellest location in city; full permanent first
class people; on account of departure soon
opportunity Is offered to start in business for
ths small investment of $500.
Rare bargain can be got In a beautifully
furnished 100-room downtown house, carpets,
furniture and draperies of the best; building
and furnishings less than two years; electrlo
elevator, lights, steam heat; everything mod
ern and UD-to-date; cheap rent; owner com
pelled to leave city on account of other busi
ness; bargain of a lifetime; exclusively.
Downtown 6-room upper flat, corner, all
sunny rooms; rent only $60; can get lease:
beautifully furnished and cost $1280; new less
than 1 year; hlg snao at $650.
High-grade family hotel on the hill; ele
gantly furnished; has 80 light and sunny
rooms; always full and clears a fine Income,
but sickness is only cause for being on the
market; good chance for soms one to get pay
ing investment at sacrifice.
Rare chance to get choice 7-room flat; rent
Including garbage and Janitor service, $40 per
month; furnished In mahogany and oak; best
body Brussels carpets; new 1 yoar and cost
$800 to furnish; will sell for $450 on account
of leaving city.
16 rooms well located on Eddy st; rent only
$65; oak and cherry furniture; clears $75;
leaves 3 best rooms for landlady; everything
first-class condition; here Is a flne home com
bined with nice little business; part down, bal
ance as you make it.
70-room country hotel; best interior town In
Stats; barroom, 2 dining rooms and 5-room
cottage besides; rent $100 per month; can get
10 years' lease; brick building; everything flute
condition; flne business proposition.
Here Is a nice little home of 12 well fur
nished rooms; rent only $60; where you can
clear $50 per month and have 2 best rooms;
Van Ness aye.; only $850.
24 beautifully furnished rooms; new house;
new furniture; modern and up-to-date; com
pleted less than 2 months; close In; sudden
illness In family causes sole chance to gst
brand new house as cheap as old one. Owner
sick in bed; rare opportunity.
Beautifully furnished 6-room modern flat;
new 6 months ago: rent only $25; flne location;
cost over $900; to be sold for $400; departure.
Choice 80-room downtown European hotel;
strictly flnrt-class and thoroughly respectable;
every equipment; modern and up-to-date; al
ways full and clears $350 to $400 per month;
best reasons for selling; exclusively with us.
New. modern 8-room upper flat; choice loca
tion on Ellis: mahogany, bird-eye maple fur
niture: Axmlnster and velvet carpets; cost
$2200 to furnish; will be sold at one-half cost
on account of buying larger house.
We have a number of special bargains In
flats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern; can
be had for less "than half cost to furnish;
must be sold, either account of sickness or
departure.
Have large list of real estate, hotels, room
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON ft CO.. 8 Eddy st.
Phone Main 3343. Money to Loan.
MARION GRIFFIN.
970 Market, cor. Powell; new Flood bld.,r. 801.
Free List Hotels and Rooming-houses.
THOUGHTFUL PURCHASER,
we call your attention to 2
modern apartment houses of 70
and 180 rooms. Each Is a
profitable Investment, which we
will absolutely prove to you If
you will call on us and per
sonally investigate.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 801,
New FLOOD Bldg.
YOUR check la rood for $850;
you pay the other $850 In little
monthly payments. Furnish
ings are very flne, cost $2110;
profit $91 monthly. Eminently
respectable. Best furnished
21-room houss in San Fran
cisco.
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room 801,
New FLOOD Bldg.
MAKE an offer; $90 clear
monthly; carefully examine this
30-room house; rent only $55;
rooms pay $6 per room; price
asked, $1800; all housekeep
ing rooms: almost no work for
the landlady. Don't forget
that rent Is almost nothing.
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room 801.
New Flood Bldg.,
No. 970 Market,
Corner of Powell.
PARDON us for being plain
spoken. Only a person with a
good education and of a. re
fined nature would succeed la
this 68-room house, partly fur
nished; long lease, low rent.
Price $3500. Should clear $300
monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 801.
New FLOOD Bldg.
SUTTER-ST. bargains. Three
splendid propositions, and each
most beautifully furnished.
With us exclusively; 30 rooms
for $2000; 40 rooms for $3000;
60 rooms for $4000. Easy terms
if desired.
MARION GRIFFIN,
970 Market st.
Room 801.
GREAT snap; 22-room house,
full of roomers; owing to death
of owner, we are authorized to
accept the first offer, even as
low as $400.
MARION GRIFFIN,
The Agent,
970 Market.
Opposite "Emporium"
Aristocratic house of 38 rooms,
on Sutter, near Hyde; extra
nice; with or without dining
room. Price $4500.
MARION GRIFFIN,
New FLOOD Bldg.
Tel. Main 3343.
20 ROOMS; centrally located; rent $100 per
month; clearing $120 per month over ex
penses; furniture In first-class condition; will
sell at a bargain.
10 rooms; good location cm Golden Gate aye.;
rent very low; furniture good; clears $50 per
month above expenses; see this; an exceptional
bargain.
J. W. JAQUITH & CO.,
James Flood building, room 878.
FINE newly furnished flat of 17 rooms; grand
location; will be sold at a bargain if sold
this month; will take $500 less than same
cost 4 months ago; steady roomers and do
ing good business; only reason, sickness and
removal from State; price $1300; no agents;
the best bargain In city. Investigate on
premises, 1159 Turk st.
RUSSELL, Parrott building, room 45.
30 rooms, snap, $4 a room. Hyde st $2500
10 br 16. new. elegant, on the hill $950
10 rooms, cheap xent, make offer 8500
20 rooms, clears $100. bargain, Eddy st.fiooo
HOWARD, 737 ft. Manila House—For sale at a
bargain: 22 furnished rooms; 4 years' lease:
rent $66; clears $100 over expenses; party
must leave the city.
NEW FIRM—FISHER & CO.—NEW FIRM:
Successors to Mitchell A Co. in rooming
houses, hotels and flats. James Flood bldg.,
Powell and Market; r. 430. Phone Main 3354.
LODGING-HOUSE, 28 rooms, for sale: rea
sonable; in good location. Address box 3505,
Call offlce.
«
ELEGANTLY furnished 8-room house fine
transient corner; every room sunny; price
J7OO. 203 Taylor, cor. Eddy.
HOUSE of 17 rooms; all housekeeping; cheap.
348 Fifth st.
A GREAT bargain—Modern, elegant, newly
furnished house in central location In Los
Angeles; 50 rooms and 5-year lease. • Ad
dress box 8007, Call ■ offlce.
10 ROOMS and bath; cheap; good location:
low rent Income. 817 Post st
BA>omlng-Konse« and Motel- Tor jgggg>»__
H. C. DECKER —906 MARKET ST.
H. C. DECKER PHONE JOHN 631.
SQUARE DEALING —CLEAR TITLES.
Over 28 years selling; houses In this city.
MONET TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
See the following bargains:
20 rail; transient 1850
14 rms.; only $350 cash $750
19 rms.; rent $75; only $250 cash $750
24 rms.; all light and sunny; rent $60. .$l4OO
26 rms.; Market-st. snap $2500
25 rms.; up-to-date hotel; swell location.s32oo
10-rm. house: new furniture $600
27-rm. house on Post st $2000
27 rms.; Post rt.; transient $2000
12 rms.; $.'5OO cash. bal. payments $600
24 rms.; clears $150; owner retiring $1600
24 rms.; Market St.. sunny side $1400
60 rms.; new, modern; bargain $3500
15 rms.; new carpets, good furniture $800
218 rms.; apartments; cost $25,000 $11,000
15 rms.; sunny corner; cost $1500 $1000
125 rms.: Nob Hill'apartments; reduced
to $7000
6 rms.; modern flat $400
14 rms.; nicely furnished; a gift at $750
10 rms.; corner; clears $40 a month $400
24 rms.; fine location; part cash $1600
46 rms.; hotel and bar; yours for.. $3000
SO rms.; only $95 rent; O. K. at $1700
80 rms.; exchange for an Oakland cot-
tage $ 2700
Bee DECKER, hotel broker. 906 Market st
LEASE for sale —Choice corner: brick office
building, heart of city; full of doctors; net
profit over all expenses. $170 per month;
price very low. DECKER. 908 Market st.
10 ROOMS downtown; transient; 2 room* pay
ths rent;'dears $160. See DECKER.
ELLIS and" Mason—B rooms; yours;for $375;
cost $750; half cash. DECKER. 906 Market.
BEST bargain In this city—oo rooms, new, ele
gant; only $2000 cash. See DECKER, 908
Market st.
$250 CASH, balance payments of $20 per bum
14 rooms. See DECKER
45 BUNNY apartments; large yard; sunshine
everywhere; rent only $3 per room; oheapest
rent north of Market, in best residence sec
tion: mostly apartments; very little work for
landlady; clears $175 monthly; price $2760.
H. C. DECKER, 906 Market st.
100-ROOM~HOUSE DOWNTOWN.
COST $14,000 TO FURNISH.
PRICE $5000. NOW SEE IT AT ONCE.
DECKER HAS IT FOR SALE.
liOD OiyQ-HOTJBES VAlfTßrj.
WANTED —Lodging-house of about 20 rooms;
furniture must be in good condition and rent
reasonable, with long lease. Box 2184, Call
branch. 2200 Fillmore st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A—EXTRAORDINARY OPPOR'nTNITT
To Consult
RICHARD MAYO
At Reduced Charges.
Complete clairvoyant readings 60c this week.
No charge unless satisfactory.
You can be the Judge.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age, occupa
tion. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood
before you.
LOVE. COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs,
troubles, marriages, restores lost affections,
reunites the separated.settles lovers' quarrels.
TELLS YOU WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
And how to WIN the man or woman you
love and how to make your husband or wlfs
be true to you, and how to overcome ail
your enemies and how to make a person at
a distance think of you and how to DE
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM. THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS.
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable.
Ellis st—42lA—Bills st.
Hours—lo a. m. to Bp. m. Private flat
MME. LYNN,
The Eminent Clairvoyant—Psychic—Mystio.
Special Reduction This Week.
Readings 50c 50c 50c 60c 50c 60c 500 500 50c.
Wonderful, bewildering is the work of Mme.
Lynn, whose readings are a revelation; advice
on love, marriage, courtship, business, mines;
also reunites the separated; gives secret power
to control any one In 21 days. She tells your
full name and what you want to know. All
business strictly confidential.
239 Powell st., near Geary.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. LANGE gives you advice by her genuine
Egyptian sympathy, palmistry, spiritualism
and crystal readings; has the magnetic mir
ror, the greatest secret of the world; tells by
cards; 6hows picture of future; come, con
vince yourself; 50c up; Sundays. 88 Turk st.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medium, reads your life cor
rectly, gives accurate description of the past
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs in life; never failed to give satis
faction; 25c up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
with second sight; tells past, present, future;
lsdies, 50c; gents by cards, $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings, $1 50. 803 Jones.nr.Eddy.
LIVINGSTONE.
For reliable clairvoyant reading consult
LBTINGSTONE,
26% Kearny st.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours—lo
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis at., clairvoyant,
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking; a ques
tion; names given; $1; hours, 10 to 8.
READ of ISMAR, the Gypsy Seeress, on page
26.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted, clair. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c,
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names, 714 Vranklin st,
A—MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known
trance medium; readings daily, 10 to 5. 343
Geary st.
MME. KRONENBERG, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader; when others fail try me; read
ings 25c. 102W) Sixth st., nr. Mission.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves; 25c up. 222 Eddy St.; no sign.
MISS WARD, 1208 Market St., parlor 81, clair
voyant, gives names, dates; take elevator.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladies, 25c;
gents, 50c. 545 Minna st.
MME. ELLA from New York, greatest card
reader in West; 25c and 60c. 1206 Market st.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings dally. 108 6th st..rooms 1-2
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
BriRTTTJALISM.
READ of ISMAR. the Gypsy Seeress. on page
26.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night
and Thursday. 8 p. m. "Friends only." 1084
Bush st.
A—MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House
A—A—MRS. FRANCIS, 1187 Haight St.; slats
writing; 30 years in San Francisco.
MRS. FLSIE REYNOLDS — Materializing
seance Sun., 2 p. m., 1028 52d st., Oakland.
REMOVED —MRS. LESTER to 872 Mission st.;
cir. Mon., Fri.. 8 p.m., ICe; read, daily, 50c,51.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium; 8568 17th
St.; readings 1 to 5; tel. Capp 856.
MRS. CRINDLE'S materializing seances Wed.
Friday and Sunday eves.. 50c. 328 Ellis st
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
PALMISTRY.
READ of ISMAR. the Gypsy Seeress, on page
26.
MADAME DEVAS, palmist and astrologer
Meneolnl bldg.. 231 Post st.; phone Red 1187."
CREDIT CLOTHIERS.
C. F. ADAMB CO.,
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can set
what you want front us and have it charged.
CLOTHING RENOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and Pressed. $l7~scourtng and
dyeing. Bon Marche. Examiner bldg r 410
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver trieJ
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants
elty or country. Pacific Collection Co. 415
Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580
dressmakers and seamstresses.
Mcdowell dressmakinq~ ~
„ „!- and millinery school
Leading system of dress-cutting taught Lead
ing millinery course, best references Leadmg
pattern rooms, patterns cut to measure
. 1019 Market, above Sixth st.
McDOWELL School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion sunburst and knife pleating. Stew
art s button and buttonhole factory.llo Taylor.
PBJMTIBTS.
A NEW pjate—The Whalebone —Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crowns. $3 50; fillings, 60c:
plates. $6; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewitt2o4 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist,r. 14,15t
floor. Phrflan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental parlors, 235 Kearny, oor. Bush-
Set teeth, $1 60 up; crowns. $2 up; fillings, -PC
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st
to corner Sutter st and Grant aye.
b - . ssssssssr
. EDUCATXOHAL. ,
A—THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col
leges. Is now In its twelfth year; the work Is
better than ever before; departments in Eng
lish literature, languages, mathematics, sci
ences, history, etc., are excellent; two of the
best teachers in California are In charge of
English and of mathematics; come and we
will prepare you well; references President
Jordan or any Stanford professor; day and
evening sessions. Phelan building.
AT 2 p. m. Mondays, Wednesdays and Thurs
days, classes in short-story writing and
Journalism are taught at room 333. Phelan
bldg.; terms vesy moderate; Join t h **J
classes; instruction thorough; real and repia
progress assured.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$60; positions secured; day, eve. 728 Market
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatlo
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HBALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post st., S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi
tions. S. F. Business College, 788 Mission st
ENGINEERING—CiviI, elec, mln., mech.. sur
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st
Established 1868; largest In the West; an
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
ALL Eng. and com branches. $5 mo.; 47 les
sons Benn Pitman shorthand hold any posi
tion; lndlv. lnstruo. West Bus.Col., 1281 Mkt.
BOOKKEEPING. Eng., Math., etc., day and
eve.; Individual lnstr. 305 Larkin st Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
THREE young men can get business or short
hand course in exchange for a little work.
S. F. Business College, 738 Mission st
DESIGN machines and structures by strength
s materials and graphic statics; evenings;
mall. 20 Hartford st
WANTED—Mandolin, guitar, violin, banjo and
piano teachers- also vocal; give full particu
lars. Box 3041. Call office.
PIANO and harmony lessons by Al London
graduate; Al artlstlo training; call or write,
905 McAllister st
IRVING Institute School for Girls, 2126 Cali
fornia st; Easter tsrm begins Tuesday.
January 8, 1906.
A—GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL
LEGE. 1382 Market st Send for catalogue.
A—METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
aye.; positions secured. R- H. Webster, Pres.
PRIVATE lessons in telegraphy; rapid success
assured to students. 246 Scott st. nr. Haight
PARTY desires to learn making shadow pic
tures by Angers. Address box 8012. Call.
SPANISH classes and private; flth successful
year of teaching. PROF. MAYA, 880 Bills st.
KENT Law School: day and night; 14th year;
catalogue free. 686 Parrott building.
SPANISH lessons given by lady with lens; ex
perience in teaching. 976 Sutter st
MME. PRILL'S Piano School, London Con.
2105 Golden Gate ay.; resident pupils taken.
BOOKKEEPING—Save time, gain knowledge.
with TARR, expert 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $8 per month;
vocal lessons $1. 828 Haight st
CHICAGO Business College, 1584 Market—PosT
tlons, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ADULT and juvenile classes now open. Hin
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thorny by mail and per
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'B. 424 Pine st—Night class.
MePLOYaCTJSYf OPPICEB.
A—JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
8. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 6231.
A—ORPHEUM Employment Office—Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st; tet Main 5752.
A —JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YOSHY, 416 Stockton st; teL Bush 869.
CHINESE Employment Office—Best help at
Leon Seung's, 411 ft O'Farrell; tel. East 428.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO., 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—FEMALE
DRESSMAKER, experienced, would like a few
mofe engagements by the day; good cutter
and fitter; terms reasonable. Box 3233, Call
LADY wishes some plain sewing te si M
home. 550 Minna st
DRESSMAKER would- like position. Apply
2954 Folsom st.
A YOUNG lady desires position as amanu
ensis. Box 3547, Call.
WANTED —Plain sewing by the day or week.
Address MRS. X.. 620 Clay st.
AN experienced nurse would like a few more
confinement cases. Phone Church 3SO.
WANTED —Situation to do light housework.
Box 3296. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS sewer wishes to help dress
maker afternoons; $4 per week. Box 3215
Call office.
YOUNG girl wants work after school hours
Call 724 Minna st.
A COOK wishes a position. Inquire at 1007 ft
Market st.
YOUNG lady would like upstair* work and
waiting. 2437 Harrison st
SITUATION wanted in kitchen. 112 William
street.
DRESSMAKER wants work in families or
shop; quick sewer. Box 3304, Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 1377 Eddy
street, I
SITUATION wanted for girl as nurse. 371
Ivy aye.
WANTED—By a middle-aged New England
woman, situation as cook. Call or address
New England Woman, 381 O'Farrell st.
GIRL wishes a position in a store. Box 3273,
Call office.
A GERMAN girl wishes to travel with a fam
ily; also a good seamstress. Apply 2858
Mission st. /
FIRST-CLASS oook wants situation In Amer
ican or French family; city or country; good
, references. 317 Stockton st
SKIRTMAKER wants position. Box
Call office.
SITUATION as a talloress. 45 Sharon at
PLAIN sewing done. 153 Tehama st.
A CAPABLE woman wishes a steady piacej
washing for Monday and Thursday. Call
145 Twelfth st.
LADY wants office work. Box 8832. Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Apply 80S
Howard st
WOMAN wants chamber work. Call at tM)
Howard st. '
YOUNG woman wants work in a laundry. Call
724 Minna st.
LUNCH waitress wishes positron; restaurant
Box 3264, Call.
DRESSMAKER, ladles' tailor, on suits and
coats, evening gowns; cutting and fitting;
only first-class work guaranteed; engage
ments per day or taken in. MISS BARSS
Sherman House. 28 Eighth st.
A LADY would like to work by th* day. 162
Minna st.
EASTERN woman wants situation; Is first
class cook, good baker; plain washing if re
quired: references. Address Cook, box 8329
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS all-round cook; boarding-house!
hotel or restaurant. Please call or addrec«
644 Minna st.
WANTED—By English lady, management of
store or would take charge of house. BogEMPLOYMENT WANTED—P em are—Con '
; »it USSMAKER wants work In families or
shop; quick sewer. Box 3304, Call.
IRL wishes housework by day. 963 Folsom
street.
v\ ANTED —By colored nurse, infant child to
take care of. 416 Natoma St.. near Fifth.
•JAPANESE girl wishes situation: general
h usework or help cook. MATSU, 810 Mont
gomery st.; tel. Main 626.
A JAPANESE woman wants position; house
work or child's nurse. 703 Larkin; phone
0782.
\ ci 'MPETENT stenographer wtshss position
with a law firm. Box 3214, Call.
UNO girl wants position in good business
house. 168 Cook at,
woman wishes work by the day. 320 Clem
tnilca st.
LACE curtains done up by private party; no
acids; reasonable and well. 103 Cedar aye.
WaNTßD—Position as stenographer. Address
[721 PillmoN st.
a STRONG woman wants house and window
cleaning by day. Address 711 Webster st. !
WANTED—By young lady, position as collect- I
or: experiencedf good references. Address
box 3355, Call.
— i|
U'ETENT woman wants general house
work, washing or cleaning by the day Ad
dress box 3300. Call offlce. T
TION as .nurse girl In small family.
.NELLIE KEENE. 216 Haight st. I
DLE-AGED lady wishes to take oare of
.lid; experienced. 729 Pine st.
AMERICAN woman, light work, plain cooking; i
rvo i° !* mlly ' * 15 ' 3 71 Minna st. !
GIRL wants position in home with good family.
Box 3376. Call offlce.
WOMAN wants general work by the day. 49
Chesley st.
WANTED—Position as cashier in restaurant;
experienced. Address box 3002, Call offlce.
WANTED—Gentleman's washing by reliable
pei-Bon. Please cajl 3275 Harrison st
WOULD like a position as a child's nurse; '
wagvs $20. Box 3045. Call. j
A REFINED young lady wishes position doing'
upstairs work and sewing in nice family;
capable seamstress; city or country. Call or I
address 90 Twenty-ninth st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman want* place for
housework. Box 8088. Call.
A FTRST-CLASS cook, young, capable of man
aging and catering, wants a place. Call or
telephone MISS PLUNKETT'S. 428 Sutter
st.. near Powell.
A TRENCH lady's maid, with superior refer
ences, thorough seamstress, wants a sltua- {
tlon In city or country. Call or telephone
MISS PLUNKETT'S, 425 Sutter St., near
Powell.
A COOD waiter for hotel wants a position.
Box 3278. CalL
A HEALTHY woman desires position as nurse.
For references call Dr. E. Funke, 1418
Eighth st., Maternity Villa, Alameda.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Box 3308,
Call office.
— —■ I
'AN experienced girl wants position, second
work and sewing; call Monday. South 1162.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work by the
day, $1 60 and carfare. Box 3307, Call. j
WANTED —By a refined. Intelligent lady, care
at rooming-bouse or hotel. Call or addrtsa '
2106 Taylor st.
A SWEDISH woman wishes washing or clean- i
Ing. Mondays and Wednesdays. Address by
•letter C. 8.. 1169 Mission st. j
EXPERIENCED dressmaker would like more '
engagements in families, 81 50 day and car
fare. Call or write MRS. DE BARR, 435 4th.
WOMAN wants work by day, washing, ironing
• and cleaning. 1075 Folsom st.
, NURSE, graduated desires the care of an in
valid; city or country. Address box 3352, Call.
A COMPETENT German girl wishes situation
' as cook; wages $30 to $35; call two days.
207 Parker aye.. off Point Lobos.
SPANISH lady cook; Spanish, French and
American cooking; wages $35 to $45. 603
Stockton st.
NEAT German girl wishes situation at house
work In German family. Apply 1421 Mission.
A WOMAN wishes to take washing at home.
828 Fremont st. ,
.WOMAN wants work by the day; washing or I
house cleaning: $150 and carfare. MRS.
OSGOOD. 115 Hayes at,
A YOUNG lady would like to have a position
as a saleslady. Apply MISS E. REGAN.
1517 California st.
YOUNG woman as working housekeeper with j
little girl 4 years. Please call at 1346 Utah.
A WOMAN highly recommended can come
prepared for work Monday or Tuesday; good
washer, sto.; $1 86 per dsy. Box 8321, Call.
YOUNG girl of good family wishes position as i
nurseglrl. Apply 217 Tehama st.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work by
the day or at home; good work at reasonable
prices. 547 Myrtle aye.; phone Scott 996.
NORTH German, middle-aged governess would
like to take care of children; teaches Ger
man language; make herself useful; compen
sation moderate; references. Address box :
3020. Call offlce.
DRESSMAKING In families by fashionable
dressmaker; city references; terms $2 60 per
day; phone Hyde 1769. MRS. JOHNSTON,
909 Polk st. j
A GIRL desires situation cooking, housework;
wages $25; city or country. Box 3032, Call.
SWEDISH laundress and house cleaner wants i
work. 905 Folsom st.
DRESSMAKER wants work. 426 Grove st,
GERMAN lady wants plain sewing. Box 8382,
Call offlce.
WANTED—Machine stitching done by the
yard, 602 Bush st., room 31.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a position
with a nice family of means; help care for
home; Is a nice seamstress; small wages.
Call 338 Geary st.. MRS. BROWN.
ACCOUNTANT, young lady, expert book
keeper, cashier and typist; all modern sys
tems; rapid; can take full charge as book
keeper or secretary- Box 8866, Call offlce.
GIRL wishes to do light housework. Box
8314, Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER wants work by day. 817 Tay
lor st.
BKIRTMAKER wishes position. Box 8588.
Call office.
. ________—-——-___________ . , ,
SEAMSTRESS wishes engagements; $1 60 a
day. 67 Richland aye.; phone Capp 2856.
A WOMAN wishes work by the day. Tel.
MRS. NORTON, 608 Mason st.
YOUNG Swadiah girl, Just from old country,
wants general housework. 66 Rhine aye.,
near Alabama St.. off Folsom.
A GIRL wishes to assist In housework. Apply
2616 Twenty-first st.
■ ■
GIRL wishes position as typewriter. Address
415 ft Clementina at,
GERMAN woman wishes washing home; men's 1
underwear and vesta a specialty; also cur
tains. 2686 Mission st, near Twenty-third.
A JAPANESE girl wants position as plain
cook. MATSUYO SAITO, 2603 Market st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, designer; good
fitter; rapid; suits of all kinds. Box 8033,
Call offlce.
WOMAN wants position as housekeeper for
rooming house. Box 3035, Call offlce.
WANTED—By American woman, houss clean
ing by the day for three days In week; $1 25
and car fare. Call between 8 and 6 o'clock,
t>o4 Minna, off Tenth st.
-■■
A LADY takes washing home; open air dry.
Phone Page 7931. 1
DRESSMAKING done by the day, $1 60 a
day; 3330 California at, Berkeley.
WANTED—By a competent Eastern woman,
employment as nurse or companion to In
valid lady; have had considerable 'experience ,
In nursing: can furnish references. Box 1898,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes some more con
flnement cases. Call 748 Howard st
EXPERIENCED dressmaker and designer;
suits and evening gowns; terma, $1 60 per
oay. 1264 California at.
POSITION with a responsible house by a
capable business woman; Inside or outside
work Box 8080. Call offlce.
AN American woman wishes a position as
housekeeper, or pastry cook for small hotel;
city or country. Call or address 236 Duncan.
BatPLOTMEHT WAHTBP--Pomale--Con. I
YOUNG lady will five light service In ex
change for room and board In a good family, >
Is intelligent and refined, but entirely deaf; ;
_no triflers. Box 3394, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wants situation to do i
do housework. Apply 58 Thirteenth St., near
Folsom.
A NEAT American girl desires situation as
_*_*2 r second girl. Call or address MISS
MOSES, Pomona aye., Frultvale, Cal.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; good laun
dress; $1.26 a day and carfare. Call 549
Minna it.; no postals answered.
WANTED— Bedmaking from 9 to 12:30 dally.
Box 3364, Call offlce.
ELDERLY lady would like a position as com- i
panion and assistant In family of adults. :
Box Call offlce. |
QUICK and Intelligent young lady, writing j
excellent business hand, wishes offlce posl- !
tlon; no stenographer. 861 ft Greenwich st.
MrDDLE-AGED American woman wishes to I
do housework for 2 or 3 adults; small wash; >
815; carfare. Phone Folsom 2987. |
A GERMAN lady wishes position on a large
poultry farm. Box 3318, Call office. I
WANTED—Permanent position by professional
nurse; best references; charges moderate.
Box 3316. Call offlce.
STRONG German woman wishes two days
week washing or cleaning. Address K. F.,
1747 Mission st.
WANTED—Housecleanlng by the day. Ap
ply 6568 Jessie st. MRS. P. BROOKS.
A LADY wishes a steady place by the month
.and to sleep home. 263 Perry, rear, off 6th. j
A WOMAN wants work by the day; house- !
cleaning or washing. Call or address 752 .
Howard st.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements: j
confinements, invalid, massage; references; |
moderate terms. MRS. KING. 1169 Turk st. ;
WANTED—By experienced lady, middle aga, i
tine aj'pear.ng, position to manage lodging
house or take charge of gentleman's home, i
Box 3544. Call offlce.
GOOD, reliable woman would like a few days j
work in the week or help where parties are •
given. Address box 263, Frultvale.
A YOUNG girl wishes place to do housework.
Address 230 Clara st.
LADY wants work by the day. 278 Jessis st.
LADY wishes position introducing hair tonic;
no triflers. Box 3048, Call.
ELDERLY woman would keep house for a
widower who has children Please call 26ft
Page St.. above Franklin.
YOUNG girl wishes position as waist hand or
work by the day. Call at 530 Linden aye.
YOUNG French lady would like position as
governess in private family to teach French
to_children; does not speak English. E. T.,
229 Taylor st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker from Chicago
wishes to go out by the day. 1962 McAllis
ter st
EXPERIENCED lady wishes position In flrst
class hotel as chambermaid. Box 3216, Call.
A JAPANESE girl wishes a position as cook
and light houseworker, near Alamo square,
for less than 4 persons In family; wages $4 60.
8. SAKAKI. 1484 Fulton st.
JAPANESE woman wants to work in small
family; plain cook and housework. Address
1225 Fulton St.. rear.
EMPLOYMENT WAMTE-W—MAXB.
A CAPABLE, first-class salesman would like
to represent a leading house in San Fran
cisco in any line in State of Oregon; best of
references. Box 3029, Cail office.
A THOROUGHLY competent young man de
sires to connect himself permanently with
an established business as bookkeeper, cash
ier or assistant manager; prefers position of
trust: has had wide experience In banking
and other lines In East* now getting $100 a
month; gilt-edge local and other references;
bond If required. Box 3028, Call offlce.
WANTED—PIace as coachman. Box 8235,
Call offlce.
WANTED—Position as shipping clerk; refer
ences. Address Box 3234, Call offlce.
WANTED—A position as porter. J. HARRIS,
744 Howard st.
JAPANESE boy wants Job In private family.
Box 8241, Call offlce.
PORTER for barber shop wishes situation.
Box 3230, Cail office.
GENTLEMAN wishes position as night watch
man; reference given. Address G. H.. 1210
Mason st
WANTED—A position as porter. 1074 How
ard st
WATCHMAKER desires a position. 726
Broadway.
PRESSFBEDER wishes a position. 67 Steven
son st
BOY would like position in drug store. Ap
ply box 8555, Call offlce.
WANTED I —Job as night watchman. Box
8406, Call office.
WANTED—LIsrht work as porter. 744 How
ard st
SITUATION as a presser. 640 Howard st
SITUATION as a tailor. 286 Mission st
CARPENTER wants work. 886 Grove at.
A YOUNG man wishes position as plumber's
helper. Box 8243. Call.
GOOD all-round cook wants work. Address
box 8562, Call offlce.
COMPETENT porter wants position. 119
Fourth st
SHOEMAN wants position; references. 112
Fourth st.
BARBER wishes position; country. Address
E. M.. 141 Black st.
YOUNG man wishes position as stock clerk.
Box 3226. Call offlce.
j A MAN would like stable work. Box 8668.
Call offlce
A MAN would like window-cleaning. Box
8852. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants work in grocery store. Box
8554. CalL
A FIRST-CLASS porter wants a situation. X.,
829 Stevenson st
MAN wishes place as clerk. 488 Geary st.
DRUG salesman wants position; references. T.
GOODFRIEND. Flood Jbldg.
A YOUNG man wishes position as elevator boy.
Box 8242, Call.
BOY wishes to learn printing trade. Box 8238.
Call offloe.
CUTTER wishes position. 27 Geary st
WANTED —A position as barkeeper for Sun
day. M. WEIMAR 771 Howard st
WANTED—A Job in a warehouse. Box 3251,
Call office.
WANTED—A Job as Janitor. Box 8260, Call
office.
WANTED—A Job to run elevator. Box 8249,
Call office.
' WANTED—A job as watchman. Box 8660,
1 Call offloe.
WANTED—A Job as night watchman. Box
3557, Call offlce.
SOBER, middle-aged man wants situation as
night watchman. S. X., 630 Howard st
PORTER, first crass wishes situation in bar
ber shop. Box 8279, Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants position aa collector. Ap
ply box 8308, Call office.
SALESMAN wishes position 1419 Webster
I street.
BOY wants a position in a wholesale house;
; references, 1826 Eddy at ■
FIRST-CLASS saloon porter wishes situation,
j 8. X., 680 Howard st
BOY wants a position as errand boy. Box
3227. Call offlce.
! PAINTER wants a position. 1006 Mission st
BARBER wants first-class Job In country. Ad
! dress R S. L, 11 Grant aye.
WANTED—Position as driver. Box 8246, Call
offlce.
BOY wants a position as errand boy. Box
•3849. Call offlce.
aI-ORTER wants"work. Address B. H., 600
Pine st.
YOUNG man would like position in hardware
house; 4 years' experience. Box 3338, Call.
BARBER wants abort-hour Job. Box 8272,
Call offloe.
HANDY man about a kitchen wishes work.
919 Howard mt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY ,8, 1905.
i EMPLOYMENT WANTED—Kale——Con.
| AN experienced janitor wishes a position about
February 1, 1905; capable of taking charge
.' of ana managing any building. Box 3335,
Call office. ,
j DRIVER wants job. 708 Hayes st. * \
MIDDLE AGED man wishes position as
watchman, day or night. Address F. BA
CKER. 76 Natom* st.
; FIRST-CLASS saloon porter wishes situation.
! Box 8331. Call offlce.
WANTED—Position as bookkeeper. Address
2101 Geary st.
\ WANTED—Position as errand boy In law of
fice. Box 886 a, Call office.
W ANTED—Situation by all round plumber;
understands windmills; country preferred;
| married. Address box Miii, Call office.
I INSTALLMENT collector wishes position. i
14-UA California St.
! YOUNG man- wishes situation of soma kind;
, handy with toois. Box 3339, Call offlce. j
I NEAT boy wants position in law offlce. Box
1 3337, Call orhce.
Box wants position In office. Box 3336, Call
office. ; |
i DREAD baker, young German, wants steady
•situation. Box 3351, Call.
j CABINETMAKER, young German, wants sit
uation on iurniture or incubators; can make
drawings. Box 3350, Call.
WANTED- -Pub it ion as typewriter in office; ,
reterences. Box 3270, Call. ;
BOY wishes position as cash boy. 723 Shot
well fct.
I STENOGRAPHER and good correspondent. 27.
wants position in any clerical capacity; no
I objection to leaving city. Box 320 i), Call.
CARPENTER; day or contract. Box 32oh\
j - Call oifice.
; FIRST-CLASS chef wishes position; restaurant
( or cafe. Box 3266, Call.
! POSITION as linotype 7 operator; non-union.
| Box p*m% Call.
! SOBER, middle-afced man wants situation as
night watchman. Box 3344, Call.
SITUATION as porter; furniture store. Box
M*i. Call oifice.
(Juud tailor would liks good position. 1312
1 Huward st.
! YOUNG man wants to learn a trade 816 ft
i Filbert st.
; BOY wishes situation after school; age 12
years. Apply lo_4 Howard st.
i WANTED —Position as elevator pilot by young
man; good reierstices. Address 012 Jones st
; A JAPANESE good cook want, position; S-0 a
montri up; city or country. T. GOROGL
i 415 Powtil at; phone ureta 229.
A JAi A.N_.aE boy wants position at house-
Stork; +o up. .»_.. Pacific; tel. Lax_ln 4m%
' A ML-iUHi of the Flower Arrangement 00
-1 ciety of Japan will accept engagements to
decorate home-, arrange plants or give les
sons. E. TAKAMLKA. 248 EUiia st
HAT sale-man wants position. 1023 Gotdea
Gate aye.
WAN TED—Position as bartender. Box 3223,
Call otnee.
BOOKKEEPER wishes position. 807 Grove
sueet
BOY would like position in drug store. Apply
1342 Mission st.
AMERICAN. 27, seeks employment of any
kind; well educated; can do typewriting;
thorougn horseman; neither drinks nor
■mokes; references. Box 3267, Call.
WANTED —A position as porter. Apply J.
BURNS, 744 Howard St
I WANTED—By first-class, sober, reliajrta, trust
worthy and economical bartender, a position
In steady, reliable place it I prove wortny
of my profession; salary no object. Box
! 3258. Cail.
WANTED —A position In short-hour barber
shop; first-class barber. Box 3346, Call.
POSITION as collector. Address box 3247,
I Call offlce.
i BOY wants place in hardware store. A., box
3221, Call.
W ANTED—Position as stenographer, in law
office preferred; experience and reference.
Box 3222. Call office.
SITUATION wanted as porter in saloon; 3
years at last place; reierence; experience.
Box 8219, Call.
: STEADY, sober man wants work as stableman
| or teamster; city or country; references. Box
3354, Call.
I YOUNG man wants a Job In wholesale house.
911 ft Filbert st
CLOAKMAKER wishes position In large es
tablishment from New York. Apply 256
Fourth st.
SALESMAN wishes position. 807 Grove st
■ SOBER, trustworthy man wants situation as
{ watchman; no wages. S. KIDD. 630 How
ard st
SITUATION as watchman by good, reliable
man. Box 3369, Call offlce.
! YOUNG man wants work bf any kind from
I 10 to 4p. m.; no soliciting. Box 3267, Call.
JANITOR work wanted by a young man. Box
3255, Call. m
RELIABLE, steady man wants saloon porter's
job; small wages. Box 3254, Call offlce.
! SALOON porter wants situation; small wages.
Box 3253, Call oifice.
| WANTED —A position as bartender. S. WOLF.
36 Fourth St.
iAS agent or representative in Honolulu, by
j gentleman of character and ability; sailing
Thursday. Box 3252. Call.
' JAPANESE good honest boy wants a position
as schoolboy. R. V., 1304 Post st; phone,
Sutter 4132. .
TAILOR wants position; references. & W.
NORRIS, C2O Turk St.
POSITION wanted by sober man as janitor or
open cigar stand mornings. Box 8287, Call.
SINGLE gentleman, middle-aged and sober,
would like to hear from parties wishing their
books written up evenings. Box 3288, Call.
STEADY reliable man wants situation as Jani
tor. Box 3256, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED barkeeper wishes position.
Box 3375. Call offlce.
WANTED —Position as caretaker or janitor by
steady and industrious middle-aged married
couple; references. Address box 8367, CalL
YOUNG man wants position as collector or
check**: age 21. Box 3390. Call.
JAPANESE waiter wants position In family;
has good experience. ICHI. 1301 ft Larkin.
1 JAPANESE boy, honest, wants position as
houseworker; to attend night school by 8;
reply by letter. TSUJI, care of J. Y. M.
C. A.. 121 Haight st.
SOBER, trustworthy man wants situation as
watchman. Box 3362, Call.
COLLECTOR wishes position. CONNORS. 1018
Post st.
i POSITION as wajtcr wanted for Sunday. M.
WOLF. 771 Howard st.
GERMAN boy, is years old. wishes any kind
of work. Box 3326, Call.
GOOD varnlsher and polisher on pianos and
I furniture wants work; reasonable; small jobs
taken. Box 3816, Call.
RELIABLE and competent bookkeeper, with
business experience. Is at any time open to
take %nother position; present employers
moving East; best of references; reasonable
salary. Box 3280, CalL
YOUNG man would like position as porter.
Bex 3289, CalL
BOY of 12 wants situation. MRS. OCON
NER, 829 Seventh st
WANTED —Position as butler. Box 8008, Call
office. ,
A CLERK In grocery and barromm desires
position. Box 3388. Call offlce.
POSITION aa oorter wanted by experienced
man. Address W. GILLART, 417 Green at.
PAINTING, paperhanging and tinting by a
first-class mechanic 88 Mary at
CLERK, wholesals house. Box 8847. Call.
WANTED —A position in an attorney's office
by a boy. age 15; good common school edu
cation; neat appearance; good habits. Ad
dress G. W. S.. 877 Fourteenth st; phone
Waller 718.
YOUNG man wishes position to work in Jew
elry store. Address 1612 Post st.
YOUNG man wishes position as night watch
man. Box 8291, Call office.
HAT clerk wishes position. Box 8801. QUI.
SMALL oolored boy wants place do errands.
1204 Powell st; phone Davis 811.
EbbTPTiOTMEBT WAHTEP—MaIe—Con
YOUNG boy as apprentice In bakery; 16
months' experience in old country- 1421
Mission st.; speaks French and German.
POSITION wanted! fn camp. W. BARTTNE,
16 Third at. *
WANTED—Situation as clerk. Box 8023.
Call office.
BUTCHER wants position; shop and wagon;
can refer to former employer. Box 3022,
Cail office.
A BOY 16 years old wishes a position to learn
a trade. Box 3021, Call offlce.
SITUATION as grocery clerk. Box 3025,
Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED nurse wants confinement
cases: references. Address box 8036, Call.
A BARTENDER wants position; country town
preferred. ESSENDON, box 3320. Call offlce.
A FIRST-CLASS cigar salesman wants a posi
tion: best of references. Box .3040, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS liquor salesman wants a post
tlon; best of references. Box 3031, Call.
BOY wants position running elevator. Box
3014, Call offlce. j
ASSISTANT cigar clerk wants position. 777 i
Market st. I
YOUNG man, 29 Bft years' experience, desires
position at bookkeeping; Al references; ;
wages $12. Box 3017. Call
COOK, hotel, restaurant or boarding-house; 1
all-round man; bread and pastry; wages
moderate; city. Box 3388. Call.
■ 1 MM I
FURNISHING goods man wishes situation, i
Address BUDD MICHAEL, 1528 O'Farrell st. ;
BOY wishes situation in store. 1419 ft Mis
sion St.
COLLECTING wanted by gentleman in whole- ,
sale or retail house; thoroughly competent; !
will give bond any amount. W. T. E., ;
632 ft Natoma st.
BOY wishes position running errands. Box
3381. Call office.
MAN wants position to do paint ng and paper
hangihg. H. MORRIS, 433 Natoma st.
BY young man, experienced coal flsfeman or 1
choreman; city or country; sober'and rell- j
able. Box 3384, Call.
I
PORTER, choreman, houseman and all-round
handy young rr.an must have work at once,
any kind: city or country. Box 3385, Call. j
POSITION city salesman to call on retail gro. j
cers; best references; large trade. Box 3389, i
Call offlce.
YOUNG man desires position as watchman.
Box 3302, Call.
POSITION wanted as gardener. Box 8323,
Call office.
YOUNG man wishes work with private fam
ily; willing to work for board and lodging.
Box 5290, Call.
EXPERIENCED gardener wants employment
Apply 249 Stevenson st.
WANTED—Position as night watchman. 1258 :
Mission at.
GARDENER, practical, wante position In In
stitution, hotel, or laying out new private
grounds 1963 Webster st., Oakland, Cal.
POSITION as teamster. .Apply box 3018, Call
office.
BOY would like place as private messenger.
Box 3016, Call.
ENGINEER wants position; best of references
furn'shed; 20 years' experience as stationary
and locomotive running; will take situation
as handy man around machinery. Box 3320,
Call office.
■ * !
ELDERLY man wants place to take care of |
invalid: is practica' nurse; local ref. Ad- i
dress CHAS. KOGH, care of Carl Stein, :
German Hotel barber shop, 502 Howard st.
SITUATION wanted by competent man and
wife to take charge of private place; man
understands the care of horses and cows;
strictly temperate in every way; references
giv*-n. Address A. McCORD, 868 Mission st.
« —■ i
BRIGHT, ambitious young salesman, experi- I
wifd furnishing goods, cutlery, sporting
I goods, best city refs., wants position whole
sale cm retail, or position where' can ad
vance. H. E. M., 1115 Stelner st.
POSITION as sheet metal worker. Box 8026,
Call office.
PHYSICIAN desires a situation: best of ref
erences. Address box BQIO, Call.
SITUATION by first-class foreman' carpenter;
non-union; can handle any kind of building.
Box 3011. Call.
■ :
WANTED —A position as a traveling salesman.
Box 8365, Call offlce.
EMPLOYMENT wanted, city or country, by
elderly handy German-American. of any
kind; carpentering preferred; tools on hand.
. Address W, 222 Montgomery ays.
BOY wishes to learn carpenter trade. Box
3374, Call offlce.
WANTED—Position by technically trained me- j
j chantcal draftsman, with two years' draft
ing-room experience. Box 3318, Call offlce.
j HAND man w-lth tools wants work of any
kind. Box 3312. Call offlce.
POSITION as errand ,boy. Address 415 J st,
Sunset District.
YOUNG Japanese, good cook, wants position
lrr*private family; good references. 1215 ft
Post st
BOY wishes to do light work after school
hours. Box 8379, Call offlce.
A PLASTERER desires a position. O. D., 38
Fourth st
A SALESMAN acquainted with saloon trade
desires a position. O. S., 455 Minna st
UPHOLSTERER wants position In country.
C. L, 219 Leavenworth st.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman wants position;
references given. Box* 3043, Call offlce.
JAPANESE, good cook, wants position, pri
vate family, to do any kind of work; refer
ences. T. FRANK. 2318 Sutter St.; phone
West 622.
'< COOK, middle-aged man, can do meats and
pastry: small hotel or boarding-bouse; wages
$30. Box 3373f Call offlce.
YOUNG man of good habits would like place !
j with private family: understands care of
hoisea, cow and garden; handy with tools;
city references. Box 3372, Cal lofflce.
WAITER wants position. 2618 Sixteenth st.
A YOUNG man, sober and reliable, wants a
position as fireman or any kind of work;
| references Call or address 4 Thirteenth at,
near Harrison.
GENtVeMAN of 28 would like to do some In
i side work In morning and evening. Box
I 83G9, Call offloe.
!
YOUNG Swedish man would like to have a
good, steady position as janitor, laundry or
work of any kind; good recommendations,
j OSCAR SMARLING, 113 Leavenworth at
( FIRST-CLASS carpenter, finisher and bench
hand wants work, city or country; wages $3
] day. Box 3368. Call offlce.
; BRIGHT, honest young man, not afraid of
work, wishes position in wholesale house, fill
orders or work in stock; best of references.
! Box 8536, Call offlce.
AS medical attendant and masseur to Invalid
or mental patient anywhere, by experienced
and reliable man, under middle age with {
education and thorough training; competent
! to take entire charge; ref., both personal and
I professional; terms moderate; correspondence
solicited. J. A., box 8670. Call offlce.
HOTEL porter or Janitor; references. Box
8277. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants position aa hat salesman.
Box 8278. Call offlce.
: HONEST watchman wishes position at night
Box 3008, Call offlce.
! WANTED —Position by first-class clothing
salesman. Address W.. 1097 McAllister at
BOY wishes a steady Job. 1411 Montgomery
street g -
COACHMAN—Position wanted by competent
j reliable, young Englishman; understands
gardening; can milk. Box 3310, Call.
SITUATION as gasoline engineer. Box 3309,
Call' offlce.
BUTLER—First class. Japanese, arrived from
Eastern country, wishes position In city,
j country; has good references. Box 3046, CalL
ALL-ROUND upholsterer, hotel. H. W. 820
Minna st
' A YOUNG married man wishes position to ,
drive team, take care of horses or any kind
of tabor. Address P. 8., 616 ft Grove st
RELIABLE Job carpenter wants work. Ad
dress Carpenter, 322 Seventh at; phone
Howard 8490.
A YOUNG man from the north of Ireland will
give 826 to any one helping him to obtain a
position in a wholesale house. Box 3349, CalL
EMPTjOTTCTWT WAJTTJP—*f^l»—Con.
MAN desires position as landscape gardener;
references given. Box 9049, Ceil.
MARRIED man, "27 years, having had 12 years'
experience in the retail hardware business,
and la thoroughly capable of taking charge
and managing all branches, is desirous of
Obtaining a position in or around San Fran
cisco; best city and Eastern references. Box
8228. Cail office.
A YOUNG married man, experienced book
keeper and cashier traveling salesman of
ability, position of trust, where faithfulness
and trustworthiness count: first-class refer
ences; do not use tobacco or liquors. GEO.
E. WEATHERBY JR., 142 Woodland aye.;
Phone Fell 8266.
ADVERTIBER (SO), best habits, hustler, va
rled experience, desires position of trust and
responsibility, where energy and faithful
ness will be appreciated and with oppor
tunlties for advancement. Box 3271, Call.
AA—A FIRST-CLASS painter, paperhanger.
tlnter and gralner. desires work by the day
or Job; tools furnished: work guaranteed;
prices cheap. 1484 Devisadero St.
SWISS young man desires position In grocery
or sny kind of occupation; speaks German,
French. Italian and understands English.
Box 3263, Call office.
AS manager, superintendent, salesman, stock
clerk, buyer or executive position; best
chsracter. habits and ability; hard worker;
willing to travel. Box 3328. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes to do typewriting work
at home in the evening; has his own ma
chine.. H. G. MERRITT, 626 Hayea at.
POSITION as manager of hotel or apartment
house by experienced popular hotel man.
Address T. C. KING, care Sequoia Hotel.
FIRST-CLASS painter, paperhanger, tinter and
polisher wants work. VEITH. 718 ft Grove st.
FIRST-CLASS and sober barber wants good
position. Box 3327. Call offlce.
TYPIST (own machine) desires some home
work, terms reasonable; accuracy and delib
eration a specialty. Please address L. C.
L., box 8271. Call office.
YOUNG man would like a position in country;
has had 2 years' experience on chicken ranch;
willing to work for board and lodging. Box
3212, Call offlce.
WANTED—By young man, willing and ener
getic, good references, work for eight hours
a day in the city; warehouse or work of any
sort. Box 3587,Ca1l offlce.
GERMAN, 30, speaks, writes English, Span
ish, German, some French, good business ex
perience, wants position. Box 3294, Call.
MAN and wife (colored) desire place in pri
vate family in city: good references. J. H.
_ TERRELL, room 12, 639 Pine st
AN experienced gents' furnishing goods sales
man desires permanent position; city or coun
try: city references. Box 3539. Call.
EXPERIENCED coos, and nurse wants posi
tion with 2or 3 gentlemen. Box 326*, Call.
A GOOD Japanese wants situation to do house
work or as schoolboy. HARRY ROBAYA
PHI. Japanese Mission, 807 Polk st; tele
phone Polk 3802.
A TRUSTWORTHY and competent Japanese
boy. speaks good English, would like a place
as schoolboy; best of reference. Box 3408.
Call offlce.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants position at
housework or schoolboy. FRANK. 819 De
visadero st.
JAPANESE young man wants a position as
waiter or do housework in a private family;
has good experience. B. SHAJI, 811 Stockton.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants position as
schoolboy; speaks well. M ADACHI. 1329
Pine st.. Japanese M. E. Church.
AN excellent Japanese cook wants position in
good family good reference. Phone Black
4241. K. GEORGE. 313 Sutter st.
A JAPANESE wants a position at cooking and
housework: city or country. FUJIMOTO.
1 Adelaide place.
A JAPANESE boy wants a place to work as
schoolboy In good family near the address.
HENRY M., 442 Devisadero st.; phone 2109.
JAPANESE goad cook wants place; any kind
of work. J. X., 508 Taylor st
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants a good placs as
a schoolboy. Address WAD A, 1319 ft Larkin.
A CHINESE excellent cook, wishes position,
hotel family, boarding-house or restaurant;
good references. CHAS. WILL. 1113 Clay
st; tel. Black 3658.
A FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants position
In boarding-house; wages $40 to $50. Call at
' Wong Yee's. 828 Washington st
YOUNG Chinese cook wsnts position; first
class cook: wages $40 to $45. Box 3569, Call.
ECZEMA CURE.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber itch that I can't cure; a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st
EXCHAjTOE.
BANK stock for real estate In Oakland. Ala
meda. Berkeley or San Francisco from $2000
to $10,000. Apply A. W. PERRY, room
411. Mills building. San Francisco.
FOR exchange—Fine paying newspaper and Job
office for Improved town property In Cali
fornia; send description; write quick. Box
A. Vancouver. Wash.
FINANCIAL.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid In $4,600.000 00
Surplus 840.901 86
Issues
Btx per cent
Investment Certificates
At par.
Office—No. 14 Sansome St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
REALTY Syndicate certificates bought. MAN.
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 107-8 Crocker bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A—HOUSES snd flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-69 Geary
St.. ofi the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de
sirable vacant place In San Francisco on
our lists; service absolutely free: let us find
you a place; come in and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality: "we
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company.
1039 Market St., opp. McAllister.
NEW. swell sunny flats. 6 rooms, to Ist; every
possible latest convenience; close to the mala
entrance to the Park; 5 car lines; one runs
all night. Seventh aye., near Fulton St.; open
11 to 4.
FOUR elegant, new, sunny flats. Just finished;
6, 6 and 8 rs., tiled bath rs.; sunny store rs.;
$30, $32 50, $37 50, $47 50. Corner First aye.
and Sacramento st.; open 12 to 6.
UPPER flat of 6 rooms and bath; modern im
provements; nearly new; very healthy loca
atlon and good sewers; key at lower flat,
33 Richland aye., nr. Mlssion-33d; rent $20.
THREE new, elegant sunny 5 and 6-room
park flats at 223. 225 and 227 Parnassus aye..
near Btanyan st; on car line; rents $25,
$27 50, $27 50.
GREEN, 2032-84. near Laguna—Two new,
modern flats. Just completed; middle and up
per; 8 r. and b. each; flne marine view;
rent reasonable.
N. E. CORNER Church and 16th sta—New.
sunny 7 rooms and bath; separate entrance;
Mission warm belt. Flllmore-st cars pass
door.
VAN NESS aye.. 2827-20. near Union—Two
desirable unoer fists, 8 r. and b. each; fine
location; marine view; rent
GOLDEN GATE are.. 2086-2087, nr. Central-
New sunny flats; frescoed, tinted; S rms.,
bath, and 6 rms., bath; attlo; 2 basements.
GROVE, 1204. near Scott—Upper flat of 7
rooms snd bath; rent $27 50. Yon Rheln
Real Estate Co.. 618 California at.
LEAVENWORTH. 1302, near Clay—Mlddls
flat of eight rooms and bath; rent $46. Yon
Rhein Real Estate Co.. 618 California at
NEW, aunny, modern flata; north aide of
Grove st.. near Central aye.; 6 and 7 rooms;
$32 50 and $37 per month.
TWENTIETH and Euieka—3 modern sunny
flats. 4-5 rooms; rent $12, $17. $20. Call
and ace them
PINE, 8010-23, near Lyons—New, modern
flats of 6 r. and b. each; lower and upper
now vacant: rents reasonable.
NEW, beautiful upper flat, 8 rooms, with attic,
beamed ceiling, paneled dining-room; very
sunny. 1838 McAllister st
MISSION. £721 and 2721H—Upper and lower
sunny flats, 6 and 6 rooms; modern improve
ments.
TREAT aye., 1618—Lower flat of 5 rooms and
bath: stationary tubs; rent $18. Key at
upper flat.
A CLEAN, sunny upper fist. 4 rooms r grand
view: adults; 6 Lysett place. Inquire 1111 A
Jones st.
NEW, elegant flats; latest Improvements; Just
finished; park panhandls. BTRAUB. 630
Market st ,
A NICE sunny flat 6 rooms and bath; sta
tionary tuba. 267 Lexington aye.
FLATS TO LET—Pen—mod. |
FINE new flats, middle and upper; 6 and 7;
marine view. 2838 Buchanan St., near Val
lejo; open.
TO let—2 new flats. 8 rooms and bath; 1 flat,
4 rooms and bath, bay view. $2606. 814 A
Polk st.
DALE place, off Golden Gate aye.. nr. Hyde—
6 rooms and bath; no children.
ELGIN PARK aye.. 76—4 sunny rooms, laun
dry, garden; rent $16.
FOUR four rooms and bath modern sunny
flats. Army at., bet. Church and Dolores.
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms and bath. 3433 20th
St.. bet. Capp and Howard; warm belt.
FRANKLIN. 2350. bet Broadway and Vallejo
—Upper * lowsr flat; mar. view; moderate.
■ —i— ■ ;
HAVES, 1747, near Park entrance —Bunny
modern flat, 5 rooms and bath; rent $21.
HOWARD. 2963—Elegant new lower flat, 5 j
rooms and bath, $22 60; near Twenty-fifth st, •
LOWER flat; 338 Oak St., near Laguna: five !
rooms, bath, finished basement. I
LOWER flat; 347 Hickory aye., near Laguna; ,
4 rooms, bath; latest plumbing. . \
MODERN flat of 7 rooms and bath; rent $35. 1
1117 Devisadero st., near Turk.
NEARLY new upper sunny flat, 4 rooms and
bath. 336 Tehama st. !
NEW sunny flat; five rooms and bath; swell
residence district. 8621 Twenty-flfth st.
NEW. modern, sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath; rent j
$27 50. 165 Alpine St., bet. 13th and 14th.
PAGE. 1272—A desirable, sunny upper flat In
house of two flata
— 0 ,
PIERCE. 2035—Snap; marine view; yard;
basement; 6 flne rooms; rent way down.
FOR rent—Newly decorated flat; 715 Taylor
St.; rent low. Address box 3568. Call offlce.
LARGEST list of bouses and flats to let. Call
on LYON A HOAG, 116 Montgomery st
SANCHEZ. 115—New. modern, sunny flats of
6 snd 7 rooms; rent reasonable.
BAN JOSE aye.. 229—New upper flat, 7
rooms; Mission; swelleSt location.
SEVENTH. 46. opposite new postofflce—Flat 4
sunny rooms; rent moderate.
SUNNY upper flat. 6 r., bath. 15 Klsling St.,
bet. 11th and 12th. Howard and Folsom.
SUNNY middle and upper 7-room flats: social '
hall; rent reasonable. 1359-61 McAllister st.
SUNNY modern flat, 7 rooms. 2 attic rooms,
basement. 1426 Green st, near Van Ness.
TO LET—Flat 6 rooms and bath. 119 Leaven
worth st.
WALLER, 664, near Pierce—Desirable lower
flat 6 r. and b.: rent reasonable.
$25 —SIX rooms and bath. 2006 Fillmore st
FLATS PO_t SALE —FURNISHED
ELEGANT, well furnished, upper, sunny flat, 9
rooms: must sacrifice; going away: $500
down. 923 Jones st near Bush; call be-,
tween 11 a. m. and 4 p. m.
A NICELY furnished 8-room flat for sale at
a bargain; owner leaving city; pays rent and
clears $20. Address 889 Sutter st.
PINE, 732—For sale, bargain, part furniture
flat 5 rooms and bath; rent $26; make offer.
FOR sals —Sunny and oozy flat of 6 rooms fur.
nished: rent f A B. 568 Fourth st \
8-ROOMED newly furnished flat $500; easy I
terms. Box 3371, Call. \
FLATS WAHTEO. j
WANTED —Furn. lower 3 to 6 room flat and ■
bath; must face a park or have fenced lawn; ;
have 2 babies under 2 years; give street '
number and rent. Box 8348, Call offlce.
WANTED—B or 4-room apartment; central;
state price and particulars. Box 3019. Call. }
6-ROOM flat wanted; near Bryant and Second ;
st. Box 3024. Call office. _____
FURNITURE WANTED.
"WFli GET YOUR BUSINESS"—We pay
{he moat rooney for furniture, carpets, office
fittings, merchandise and houses. MARK J.
LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market st . be
tween 9th and 10th. Phone South 179,
ABE LEVY]
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
WILL pgy 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURD. auc, 1636 Market; phone Jessie 2336.
CALL on Alfred WoUpert.'773 Mission st, be
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 4462.
FURHITURE FOB SALE.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur
niture, carpets, etc. 782 M ssicn; tel Bush 813.
WAHTEP—FEMALB. _
COOK, restaurant, city, $40.
4 cooks. German and American, $30-$35.
2 French second girls. $25-$3 O.
2 ch&mberwork and sewing, $30.
4 second girls, olty $25 $30.
Second girl Ross Valley, see lady Monday,
$26.
4 waitresses, city hotels, $25-$27 50.
2 chambermaids and waiting, country. $25.
8 waitresses, restaurants, city, $6-$ B.
Man and wife ranch, see party here, $50.
2 nurseglrls, $15-$2 O.
German or Swedish housekeeper, $25. ,
A large number of housegirls for Monday to
fill nice positions in city and country at
$20-$25-$3O; call early. • J. F. CRO-ETT A
CO.. 334 Sutter st
GIRLS to learn hairdresslng, manicuring, ate; i
trad* taught from A to Z In 2 was.; tuition I
(0 to those entering now; 3 positions to Oil 1
immediately; positions guar, at $10 per week
up; only recognised college of Its kind on ■
coast; day and eve. class. 233 Geary, r. 13.
WANTED —Girls to learn millinery now for
spring season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for S3; positions as ,
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled by
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton st,. r. 13.
A —PACIFIC College teaches hairdresslng,
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognized college of its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re
duced prices. 133 Powell st,.
WANTED —First-class experienced fitters for
our alteration department; only those with
Al references and employed In best city
houses need apply; good wages and steady
position to right party; call between 0 and
11 a, m., 43-63 Ellis st. I. MAGNIN cV CO. I
WANTED—First-class hosiery saleslady; only
those who have Al references and have
worked In hosiery and knit goods department
in best city houses need apply; steady posi
tion and good wages to right party. Box
8027, Call office.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER
ALLS, JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX
PERIENCE NECESSARY; STEADY WORK;
GOOD FAY. LEVI STRAUSS * CO., 32ft'
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
IN OAKLAND, COR 10TH AND CLAY STS.,
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECES
SARY; STEADY WORK; GOOD FAY.
LEVI STRAUSS * CO.
■ ■■ •
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS, OVERALLS AND
ENGINEER JACKETS. STANDARD FAC
TORY, COR GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
WANTED—German girl or woman for house
work and assist with child; wages $25. 737
Buena Vista aye.; take Haight st. car, get
off at Central aye.. walk up 2 blocks; call
after 4:30 p. m.
LADIES can earn $8 weekly copying short let
ters boms; everything free. Send addressed
envelope to Working Supply Co., San Pedro.
California.
WANTED—Ladies to learn hairdresslng man
icuring, facial massage and scalp treatments
-4 weeks completes; expert Instructors: eali
or write. Moler System Col.. 648 Sacramento.
YOUNG lady of good address, possessing of- '
flee ability, to travel; excellent opportunity.
Box 3282, Call.
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply
1122 Taylor sc. bet. 6 and 12 a. m.
HELP WAJTEP—FEMALE—Oomt_-,g_U
A NURSE for a child 3 year* old. $20.
A girl for cooking and housework, ■mall
family. San Rafael. $30.
A second girl for Monterey, $20.
A waitress and parlor maid, small family.
$20.
3 hotel waitresses, $25 eaoh.
A second girl for Oakland. $25.
A second girl for Palo Alto, $25.
A cook for a plain boarding-house.
A cook for a small, home restaurant. $T a
week; 40 housework girls, $20 to $35 a mo.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St.. near
Powell.
A NURSE. $30; chambermaid, country $25;
cook, $30. country; a number of cooks for tha
city. $30 and $35; second girl. $25; second
gfri for light work, $20; 10 housegirls $30
and $25. MRS. NORTON. 508 Mason st
LADIES to do piecework at home; we furnish
materials and pay $7 to $12 weekly. Send
stamped envelope to Royal Co., 34 E. Monroe
st., Chicago.
LADIES—S7 to $10 weekly earned doing plain
sewing home; material sent free prepaid;
Stamped addressed envelope brings particu
lars. Union Co.. 1213 Filbert at., Philadelphia.
ALL halrdressing, manicuring, face massaga
and scalp treatments are free at the Moler
System College. «40 Sacramento; hours 1-4.
WANTED—Experienced saleslady for fancy
neckwear; state experience and salary ex
pected. Box 3013, Call.
WANTED—Young lady in photo studio- stste
experience, where last employed and how
ejong and waxes expected. Box 3584, Call.
A PRACTICAL millinery school; estab. 18
years; spring class forming; positions se
cured; terms easy. 816 O'Farrell at.
Ladies having embroideries. Batten berg, drawn
work to sell; also to do order work. Stamped
envelope, Exchange, 34 Monroe St., Chicago.
LADIES—S3O 1000 copying letters; stamped en
velope particulars. U. S. Advertising Co.,
Dept. 200, Chicago:
COMPETENT young woman, cooking and
housework; country; $30. Call Monday. 10 to
12, Hotel Savoy, Post and Powell sts.. r. 52.
A SCANDINAVIAN or German girl for gen
era! housework: $20 to $25. Apply 233 Third
aye., Richmond District.; Sutter-st. car.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework. 925
Dolores st,
GIRL for housework. 7(53 Oak st.
GIRL for baby and light housework. 1618
Grove st.
YOUNG rirl to assist In care of baby; sleep
home. 2827 Broderlck st., near Union.
WANTED—MiddIe-aged woman to do general
housework. Apply 119 Tenth at.
GIRL, for general housework: must be a good
cook: family of three. Apply 1132 Pell st.
YOUNG colored girl; neat and willing. IV'A
Page st, t
GOOD cook; references required. Call Monday
morning, 1117 Post St.; carfare.
WAITRESS wanted. 814 Hayes st.
CAPABLE business woman net undsr 28 for
permanent position. Box 3337, Call office.
WETNURSE wanted. 630 ft Olive aye.; call
to-day.
WANTED —An experienced underwear sales
lady for leading knit goods store; state age,
salary and references; good opportunity right
party. Bex 3330. Call office.
WANTED —Thoroughly experienced stationery
saleswoman; must be a good stock keeper.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m, at HALE
BROS/
WANTED—Experienced dry goods saleswoman.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED—2 ladles to learn profitable busi
ness. Inquire of RALPH WILLIAMS, 1118
Market St.. room 1.
WANTED—Operators on muslin underwear.
Apply MARKS BROS.', 1220 Market St.
WANTED—Teacher to go to Nevada to nil.
out an unexpired term: $80 per month and
transportation; refs. required. Box 8614,
Call office. ,
EXPERIENCED alteration hands to work on
Jackets, waists and skirts. Apply superin
tendent's offlce the Emporium
TWO Industrious, Intelligent ladles wanted:
permanent positions; fair salary; no triflers.
Bo* 3211. Call.
HELP WANTED—MALE.
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU*.
801-302 Starr King bldg.. 8d floor, 121 Geary,
Conducted on Strictly Business Principles.
Positions Secured for:
Office men Assistant bookkeepers.
Bookkeepers. Hotel clerks.
Stenographers. Railroad clerks.
Offlce managers. Timekeepers.
Correspondent clerks. Collectors.
Accountants. Bill clerks.
Buyers. Shipping clerks.
Traveling salesmen. Law offloe clerks.
Manager for dept. stores. Entry clerks.
Cashiers. Cigar clerks.
Credit men. Dry goods clerks.
Secretaries. Receiving olerks.
General offlce work In all lines of business.
Offices and representatives in other cities.
Offlce open to-day (Sunday). 9 to 4.
Apply American Commercial Bureau,
801-802 Starr King bldg., 3d floor. 121 Geary.
AT O R HANSEN tt CO.'S 429 Bash st.
Head confectioner 9100
Second cook, good on abort orders, oountry
hotel; party In our office 12 m $40 found
Man to run boiler, who understands plumbing,
and gas repairing, country hotsl; party In
our offlce 12 m $30-$36 and found
C. R. HANSEN St CO 429 Bush st.
OUR BULLETIN REACHES THE EMPLOYER
WEEKLY.
We have dally calls for competent
Bookkeepers. Stenographers.
Furnishing goods salesmen. Shipping clerks.
Bank clerks. Clothing salesmen.
Railroad clerks. Dry goods salesmen.
Grocery salesmen. Hardware salesmen.
COMMERCIAL CLEARANCE COMPANY.
415-416 Starr King bldg.
' AT HORD St BMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents, 96 Third at.
Plumber, contract, city.
Plasterer, contract, city.
Teamsters, bay shore, $2.
Dye man, experienced, $20.
Solicitors, tea and coffee.
AT COSTIGAN St CO.'S, 624 Clay st.
Open to-day 9 to 12 noon.
60 R. R laborers, 95c fare, $1 75 day. board
anywhere, long job, good company, ahip
Monday on 6:30 a. m. train.
20 firemen, tend furnaces, city, $3 day.
15 laborers or helpers, city. $1 60 day.
A BUTLER with first-class references from
last place wants a situation. Call or tele
phone MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.,
near Powell.
ANDRES office, 317 Stockton St.— Patlssler,
French $60; butler, $40; waiter, country,
$40; waiter, city, $10 60 a week; German
gardener, $46, etc. _
GARDENER with experience and references
from California; $40, room and board. Call
after 9 at MISS PLUNKETT'S.
WANTED—Men to learn the barber trade st
the original Jno. A. Moler*a Barber College,
644 Clay St.; 8 weeks completes; positions
guaranteed: expert Instructors; wages whtla
learning. Call or write (correct number) 644
Clay st.
CASH boys wanted. Apply between t and 11
a. m. at HAL— BROS/
WANTED —Boy from 14 to 16 years of ace fof
stock boy. Apply between 9 aad LI a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
WAGON boy wanted. Apply between • and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.' a
A FEW capable salesmen; staple llns with
strong Inducements; something entirely new;
high commission with expenses advanced;
permanent. Sales Manager, 26 W. Atwater
St.. Detroit. Mich.
WANTED —10 men In each State to travel,
tack signs and distribute samples of cor cir
culars of our goods; salary $TB per month!
$3 per day for expenses. KUHLMAN CO.,
Dept. B 4. Atlas block. Chicago.
BRIGHT, young, not over 28. experienced in
surance clerk for real estate and Insurance
office, stenographer snd typewriter preferred;
splendid chance for advancement; references.
Address box 3218. Call offlce.
WANTED —Men to learn the barber trade; I
weeks completes; positions guaranteed; ex
pert instructions; wages while learning.
Call or write Molar Sys Col.. 6iB Sacramento,
MACHINIST wanted with some money to go
Into machine business; must be first-class
man: state experience, age, etc. Box 8042,
Call offlce.
CARPENTER wanted to erect six new flats at
the corner of Post and Broderlck st.: all ma
terial furnished. DO LAN CO.. 24 Montgom
ery st. /»
'MEN. 18 to 35,*t0 prepare by home study fot
railway mail clerks in California. See at
once W. L. COFFEY. 465 Parrott building.
For Additional Classified Advertise*
menu See Page 4k\
A 748
TO-DAY SUNDAY.
8 to 12.
TO-DAY. SUNDAY.
MURRAY ds READY, 634-636 Clay st
Phone Main 5848.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO X_V_* THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
•We gave in 1908 1804 we hopeto
80,000 men work. Increase 60,000.
SPECIALS.
FOREMAN.
Steam shovel foreman, country, see boss
here. $100 and found.
MISCELLANEOUS,
FARMB, DAIRIES, ORCHARDS, KTO.
25 farm hands, teamsters, milkers and chore
men and boys.
HOTEL. _
Cooks waiters, dishwashers, porters, oeu
arid elevator boys. ___ .
rook and wife, country restaurant $8»i eoo_
and wife, mine boarding-house, $55 found.
4 placer miners, north, $45 found.
6 pruners. 75c fare. $26 and found.
BOOKKEEPER
Bookkeeper, 36 years, must have references
and experience in general merchandise store
in California, $75.
2 machine miners, north, $80.
1 tlmberman, mine, $90.
Waiter, officers' mess, mine company, fase
paid. $80 and found.
. Cook, restaurant, near city, see boss here at
10 a. m., $56 and found.
Farmer, good Job, see boss here, $50.
CEMENT FINISHER.
Cement finisher, near city. $3 50 day» **ng
Job.
MURRAY & READY. 634-686 Clay st.
A— LOCK—SEE HERE
SPECIAL.
BOX FACTORY —BOX FACTORY.
CITY JOBS.
2 bandsawyers, *2 59 tj $3 day.
Planerman, $2 50 day
3 cutoff sawyers. $2 25.
6 bandy rr.on for taking off machines, $9 wk.
10 box nailers. $12 week.
2 edgermen. box factory, $2 25 day.
1 brander and box primer. $2 25 day.
4 yard men or lumber handlers, $2 day.
5 boys make themselves useful, $6 week.
CALL TO-DAY.
INQUIRE ABOUT IT.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
GOOD, active salesman to handle something
new; good money; only neat appearing par
ties need appiy. Box 3285, Call office.
MEN to tack signs, distribute circulars, sam
ples, etc.; permanent occupation; good pay.
AMERICAN UNION. Pontlao bldg.. Chicago.
MACHINIST for shirt and overall factory;
must thoroughly understand special ma
chines. Box 3378, Call offlce.
YOUNG man to operate private exchange;
knowledge of bookkeeping essential; refer
ent es. Hotel Begins, 416 Turk St.
DETECTIVE— Secret service pays; men want
ed; no experience; references required. Ad
drees lock box 275. Dcs Moines. lowa.
WANTED everywhere—Hustlers to tsck signs,
distribute circulars, etc.; no can
vassing; good pay. Sun Adv. Bureau, Chicago.
WANTED—Apprentice instructor In elec. en
gineering over 18; no salary first year. Box
m 387. Call o'flce.
WANTED—Carpenter; good finisher: call Sun
da>. BO Merrltt St., near Eighteenth and
Hattie.
WaNTED—Experienced card writer and win
dow dresser. JOE ROSENBERG, 816 Mar
ket st.
GOOD-PAYING 4-chair barber shop for sale.
Coleman's Exchange, r. 806, Mutual Bk.bldg.
WANTED —1000 men to unload schooners of
Cascade lager.
TWO men to learn the barber trade; abso
lutely free. 751 Mission st.
'AN experienced city salesman. Brownstone
Wine Co.. 223 and 225 Taylor st.
WANTED—Position as errand boy. Address
1«26 Filbert at:
SHORT order waiter for bakery and coffee
house. 612 Kearny st_
FIRST-CLASS wire and -rill worker wanted
at Excelsior M'lre Works, 565 Market St.
. ERRAND boy. well recommended for honesty,
etc. I. C. ROGERSON, MB Valencia st.
EXPERIENCED baker with small capital; hv
terior town. 3390 Eighteenth st.
BARBERS—A snap; 3-chair shop for sale in
.Sacramento; clearing $25 per week: price
$125: rent $12 50. For further particulars
apply BECKED & PRBSHER, 367 Twelfth
St., Oakland.
BARBERS- First-class shop for sale, or half
interest; good lease. Box 3564, Call office.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap; owner
got other business. 181 Minna st.
WANTED--Experienced domestio salesman.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED—An honest, industrious young
. man that has had some experience at plumb
ing; steady work. Box 3303. Call.
WANTED—Young man as offloe assistant In
whol.-sale house; salary to commence, $25;
give age. references, etr. Box 3292. Call.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT* 8 election insures
aa increase In civil service appointments.
Tnose Intending to take the next examina
tion should send to the Columbia Correspond -
ence College, Washington. D. C, and secure
its free civil service announcement, contain
ing dates, salaries, places for holding exam
inations and questions recently used by the
Government.
WE put within your reach hundreds of positions
paying $1000-$5000; opportunities for sales
men, executive, clerical and technical men
now open; write for booklet and state po&i
- tion desired. HAPGOODS, Brain Brokers,
917 Chemical bldg.. St. Louis. i
WANTED —Responsible man to msnage an of
flce and distributing depot for large manu
facturing concern: salary $150 per month and
commissions; applicant must have good ref
erences and $2000; capital secure. Address
£upt., 323 West 12th St., Chicago.
MAN under 35 from San Francisco or vicinity
to prepare for coming railway mail clerk
examination; good appointments: exceptional
opening. W. L. COFFEY. 465 Parrott bldg.
DETECTIVES—Every locality; good salary:
experience unnecessary. Interstate Detective
Agency, Milwaukee, Wis.
BARBERS! —2-chalr shop for sale; cheap, if
sold by Monday. 1074% Howard st.
FOR sale —Barber shop; 2 chairs; good loca
tion. J. PORCO, Napa. Cal.
sslesmen wanted; experience unneces
sary; good pay. EMANUEL CO., Station
"J." New York.
. WANTED —Men to All 850 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec
tric light In every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.: open till 9 p.m.
WANTED—Manager stationery and Jewelry
department by a department store In North
ern California; we want an active man; one
who can push a department and has execu
tive ability; address in own handwriting and
K'.ve full particulars; applications treated in
• confidence. Apply box 8545. Call offlce.
WANTED —Manager crockery and house fur
nishing goods by department storo In North
ern California; we want an active man; one
who can push a department and who has
executive ability; address In own handwrit
ing and give full particulars; application
treated in confidence. Apply box 3546, Call.
PLEASANT faced, flne appearing registered
physician an* surgeon; must be quite gray,
but active; positively no other; no traveling;
salary $200 or more when well started. Call
at 25 Third st
WANTED—Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 1973
-75 Fas ton aye.. St Louis, Mo.
WANTED—Men to prepare for railway mail.
Internal revenue and cos torn-house positions;
free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti
tute. Grant bldg., 1095 Market; open evgs.
WANTED —Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
x Ridded 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED —Furniture salesman; experienced in
every department; none but thoroughly com
petent men need appiy^Box_j324o : _Call.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 48 Second st.,
room 522.
_ _—~ ,i — -^^——^—————^
4-CHAIR barber shop for sals; cigar stand
and laundry; owner going East. 218 Mont*
gomery aye.
. GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 28c
to 60c. 571 Mission st. bet. Ist and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third st. Examiner building.
MUST sell; 8-chair barber shop; good location;
cheap rent; lease. Apply box 8885, CalL
WANTED—Young man to work for his tuition
In & F. Barber School. 741 Howard st.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBEBT. Sl7 Jackson st
HELP WANTED—M 8 _W—4Jo-tlnttO—
MEN to learn ths detective business; paid
while learning. 997 Market st, room 104.
MEN wanted at 187 3d st, where shoes are re
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln., 780.
PENSION atty., E. A. BullisTr. 40, Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. Q. A R
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st, near Mar
ket —700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recap
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. _____
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce, cor. Duncan and Church.
ALL sires men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 671 Mission st.. bet Ist and 2d sta
SALESMEN WANTED.
SALESMEN—Traveling, selling at sight} Ideal
aids - line to general stores. Sample small.
Commission big. "Monopoly," box H, Sta
tion D. New York City.
WANTED—Men to sell a patented article
and territory for same; this is no fake
proposition; none but experienced men need
apply. Address KIEL & EVANS CO.. 234
Sen Pablo aye., Oakland.
WANTED—By a responsible house, a first
class resident salesman for San Pranolsco
to sell high-grade advertising novelties. Ad
dress P. O. box 892, Reading, Pa.
TRAVELING salesman—By large wholesale
house fOr California to fill vacancy; 1906 coo
tract; state experience. Drawer S, Chicago.
SOLICITORS WANTED.
A FEW high grade real estate of* Insuranoe so
licitors wanted by Pan-American Railway to
sell original proposition outside city; a money
maker for good men. Land Department, 819
Market st.. room 16, forenoons.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col
lege now ready; mailed free upon application
to DR.E.J.CREELY.Pres.,SIO Golden Gate.
9-YEAR-OLD horse, $90; weight 1250 lbs;
guaranteed. Kagle- Brewing Co., corner
Eighteenth and Harrison sts.
FINE rubber-tired park buggy to exchange
for heavy or business buggy. Call Sunday
at 43 Homestead st.
A FINE team of Shetland ponies, harness and
trap, for sale cheap. 409 Taylor st.
TRY Adderley's vehicle washing sponges and
chamois. At Saddler's or 307 Market st.
$40 wagon team; $35, sound horse for wagon,
buggy; double harness. $12. 2728 Bryant st.
TWO big plow horses, weight 1700. Call at
420 Ninth st.; reasonable.
COAL wagon, for sale. 451 Fifth st
FINE business buggy, also light road buggyt
cheap. 623 Fulton st.
FOR sale—4 young mares; all sound and well
broken. 664 Bryant st.
FOR sale—Horse and wagon. 26 West Mis
sion St.. off Twelfth.
CARLOAD gentle business buggy and livery
horses. B. STEWART & CO., 220 Valencia.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth Bt.
CHEAPEST and best In America—The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In ths
United State.? or Canada one year for $1.
A—PRINTED list of houses to let;
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
GROVE, 817. near Webster—Residence of 11
rooms, bath, etc.; every convenience; large
garden: storeroom. 2 kitchens; rent reason
able. WILLIAM CRANSTON CO., 114 Mont
gomery st.
TO rent—First-class Panhandle corner resi
dence; 10 rooms, bath, furnace; rent $67 50;
water free. MADISON & BURKE.
TO let—B-room house. $30, unfurnished or with
carpets; no children. Box 3217, Call.
UNFURNISHED or partly furnished" home;
Presidio Heights; S rooms and bath. Box
737, Call offlce.
JONES, 12T9, near Clay—House 10 rooms and
bath; rent $00. Yon Rhein Real Estate Co.,
513 California Bt
OAK, 837, near Stelner—Desirable house. 8
rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
HAVES. 1342, near Devisadero—Desirable,
modern house, 8 rooms and bath; rfent reas.
HOUSE to let: 720 Corbett aye.; $30 a month;
on Twentieth st.
HOUSE. 8 rooms and bath Inquire 128
Eddj- Bt.
CHEAPEST and best In America—The Weekly
Call. 16 -pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
HOUSES FURNISHED—FOR SALE.
14 ROOMS, furnished, for sale ;\good-paylng
house; price to suit party. 491 Fourth st.
TURK. 124—Eight rooms, nicely furnished;
yard; will sell at a sacrifice.
■ COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY rear cottage. 5 rooms, bath; 1532 ft
Eddy st., near Stelner; rent $18. Apply 623
Golden Gate aye.
COTTAGE—B rooms and large yard; rent $18.
Apply Lumber Yard. cor. Army aft' Condon.
$27 50—TO let. cottage of 7 rooms i_,u bath;
all in srood order. 2538 McAllister st.
COTTAGE to let; comer of Alabama and
Twenty-fifth stp.: 4 sunny rooms: yard.
APARTMENTS WAI7TEP.
WANTED—4-room apartment; state rates and
accommodations. Box 3398. Call.
HOTELF.
HOTEL BALTIMORE, 1015 Van
This flrst-class hotel, now being conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
season or year. Location is unsurpassed. The
equipments are all modern, with every con
venience. The rooms are large, sunny and I
- comfortable: superb view; furnishings are all
elegant. Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel I_angham,
New York, and Moana Hotel. Honolulu.
INSTALLMENT 3UXLDXNO.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes, 612 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your in
stallments less than rent: send for circular.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST —At gas company's office. Post St., about
1 p. m., Saturday, January 7. loathsr purse
containing $25 gold, some small change. Re
turn to Gas Company offlce; suitable reward
paid; no questions asked.
LOST—Jan. 7. lady's gold watch, monogram
A. McL.. from Bush and Devisadero sts. to
• Lotta's Fountain and Mechanics' Library
via Turk. Larkin, City Hall and McAllister.
Return to 1729 Devisadero; reward.
LOST—Wire-haired fox terrier from 2201 Van
Ness; tan far, white body, black spot on
tall; male; reward.
LOST—Near Ferry Uiildin*. gold locket. Call
or address 1114 Broadway, Oakland; reward.
.LOST—Fox terrier bitch; black tail; brown
ears; liberal reward. 43 Brosnan st.
LOST, strayed or stolen—On the evening of
Dec. 27, from 11th St., Yy.t. Washington and
Broadway, a dark brown gelding, about 4
yea-a old, branded "47" under mane; new
harness; runabout, black body, red wheels;
black robe and nose bag; reward of $20 for
return to KARL H. NICKEL, rooms 62-63
Bacon building. Oakland.
LOST—A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of WILLIAM J. WORKMAN. No.
254-1221. The finder will please return to
• bank.
LOST—Sunday afternoon, Dec. 11. at beach,
south of Park, black Scotch collie bitch.
Suitable reward if returned to 1326 Forty
ninth aye.. Boulevard station, or for inform
ation of whereabouts.
LOST—A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of DANIEL CARR. No. 289-1522; the
finder will please return to bank.
LOST—A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco tn the
name of MARY McNAMEE. No. 260-1197.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST—Medium-sized yellow dog; resembles
collie or spltx; answers name "Moe"; last
seen Third and Market. Owner. 1302 Turk.
LOST—Lady's gold watch, chain and coin In
red leather watch case; libera] reward. 1150
Golden Gate aye*
CHEAPEST and best in America—The Weekly
• Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
XV-TOTrCTBIg« FOB B-TJIB.
C A. MCNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
st; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 684.
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905.
I_ADIES who are in trouble or Buffering- from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Francisco
-who has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience without a failure has
put him at the head. He guarantees relief
or no pay.
DR. WHITE, 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
DR O. W. 6* DONNELL —All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
every case taken; immediate relief; no poi
soning drugs: low fees; my methods will cure
all cases of irregularity; by consulting me
save time and money. Advice free. Office,
1018 Market st.
LADlES—Possibly I'm not ths cheapest nor yet
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a F.E
-LIABIJS graduate physician. When in trou
ble confide In me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best atten
tion and no danger; I guarantee prompt re
sults or no charge. Room, 1. Est. 14 years.
DR E. O. WEST, offlce 305 Kearny at,
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe
male troubles and irregularities; instant re
lief guaranteed. 1008 ft Market St., opp. sth.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
aTWaranteed; 30 years' experience. 544 Post st.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price 82 50 by express. Pasteur's syr
inge and tablets; price 85./ By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
ALL cases of female irregularities relieved at
once; guaranteed treatment, $10; 30 years'
successful experience. DRS. GOODWIN, 850
Market St., opp. Fourth, room 87.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladles' specialist, removed
from 111S Market to 838 Mission St., near
Fourth; home in confinement: 25 years' expe
rience; best medical attention; low fees.
LADIES suffering from irregularities, sick or
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny
st; relief guaranteed: no drugs, no operations.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method treatment. 1226 Market.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
26th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
MATTRESSrS AND PILLOWS
TO order—renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
Srocess); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
:ROS.. 14.t_--34 Howard at.; phone South 216.
—THEB AND MIHINO.
WANTED—4 parties with $1000 each to join
with ma in the purchase of three claims in
Goldfield; near large producers: good ore
opened; looks like a bonanza. Address box
3358., Call.
MISCELLANEOUS—FOR SALE.
6-RTAMP mill, boiler, engine, pump, concen
trator, etc., etc., $1100. H. S. WHITE
MACHINERY CO.. 130 Beale St.. S. F.
CENTRIFUGAL pump, gasoline engine, belt
all necessary pipe, etc., etc., $150. H. S.
WHITE MACH'Y CO.. 130 Beale st.. S. F.
8 H. P. BOILER. 6 h. p. engine, saw arbor,
all mounted on Al truck, $200. H. S.
WHITE MACH'Y CO.. 130 Beale st. S. F.
ENGINE (gas or steam), with Westinghouee
dynamo, instruments, etc., 35 lights, Al
*hape, good as new, $175. H. S. WHITE.S.F.
600-LIGHT generator. 11x16 automatic Atlas
engine, switchboard, etc.. $600. H. S.
WHITE. 8. F.
4 48-INCH Pelton waterwheels, etc., all com
plete, casing and all, each $100. H. B.
WHITE, ft. F.
6x12 MARSHUTZ & Cantrell hoisting engine,
with boiler complete, Al outfit, $300. H S.
WHITE MACH'Y CO., S. F.
1-INCH water pipe, per foot 3ftc
lft-inch water pipe, per foot He
2- inch water pipe, per foot 7ftc
2ft-lnch water pipe, per foot 10c
3- lnch water pipe, per foot 12ftc
3ft-inch water pipe, per foot 14ftc
4- inch water pipe, per foot 19c
6-inch water pipe, per foot _...30c
other sizes in proportion; this stock Is all
recut. threaded, recoupled and ready to go
together without coaxing or promises; cash
with order for pipe.
H. S. WHITE MACH'Y CO., 130 Beale st>.,
San Francisco.
DON'T wait to see my ad. appear for any
particular thing before writing; write dr
call now; we may have what you want; for
reference, my competitors. H. S. WHITE
MACHINERY CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover It with Mastic Roofing. It Is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutter
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about It. Elatertte Roofing Co.. 713 Market.
SOLID mahogany cabinet. 125 years old, fine
condition; 100 gross nickel plated brass
tubes, 4x9-32. new; also 20-mtle day-night
glass. Apply all week 616 Bast Twenty
second St., Oakland.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DIAMONDS, watches and jewelry sold on
credit by paying one-fifth down, balance pay
able at your own convenience. Pacific Jew
elry Co., 21 Stockton st, second floor.
A 2 1-3 H. P. engine for sale; fitted to burn
gas. gasoline or distillate; with pipe, oil
tank, water barrel, all complete. Box 3324,
Call offlce.
A—BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-256 Spear at
LARGE oval pink pearl, 26 grs.; suitable for
scarf pin or ring; finest on the coast: price
$100; no dealers. Address box 3391,fba11.
FOR sale—Copper coff?e holler, with milk pot;
almost new. been used a few days. Call
615 Commercial st.
ONE young, fresh family cow, cheap; 16 qts.
milk daily; mv.it be sold. 2024 Fifteenth
aye.. South San Francisco.
ALL kinds talking machines and records; fac
tory prices; exchanges made. LEVY'S 415
Kearny st.
HOMING pigeons, runts, hens, crosses and
fancy pigeons; best stock birds at 229 Stev
enson st.
REPUTABLE place to rent genu' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suita J. COOPER
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel.)
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont
gomery St., room 12, upstairs.
BOAT and stationary gasoline engines $50 up
guaranteed; see them running. MEILAND
1728 Bryant st.
GOOD work horse, single or double, very
cheap. 10 Eureka St., nr. Seventeenth.
ELASTIC stockings, $2: factory 107 O'Farrell
st. JOHN W. HOPEWELL: tel. Red 2716.
ENGLISH runts and lancy pigeons. Golden
Gate Lofts. 2029 Golden Gate aye.
HELLER & DRIGHTLY engineer's combined
transit and level. 411 Market st.
YOUNG, fresh Jersey-Durham cow; 18 quarts
rich milk daily: gentle. 1694 San Bruno aye.
FOR sale—Bird seed and cages. 'Call MRS
231 Oak st.
GENTS' fulldress coats for sale, only $3 50.
21 Stockton st, 2d floor.
TWO good milk cows for sale, cheap. 2109
Webster st
FOR Sale—lo-month old Llewelyn setter; a
bargain; pedigreed. Call at 257 Sixth st.
—— »
TRUNK, overcoat and bicycle for sale cheap
175 Sixth st.. room 3.
25 DOZEN mated pigeons for sale. Apply 3242
Central aye.,. Alameda.
TALKING machine records; second hand; good
condition. 307 Sansome St., room 3.
SAFES and cash registers; new and second*
hand. I FREEMAN. 1328 Market st.
A VERY fine sealskin coat for sale at a bar
gain at Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bui lard _ Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES—New and second-hand. THE HER
MANN SAFE CO.. 807 Battery st.
ROOMS papered. 84 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 819 Third; tel. Main 418.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all slses. J. E. QQAK. 46 Fremont st.
-sT-»OT
AAA A A—Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast
off clothing. Tel. Davie 828. 650 Sacramento st.
FAYS speolal price cast-off fancy ladies' dress
es, gents' clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Red 77.
Highest prices paid for ladies' and gents' cast
off clothing. Til ton, 154 oth; tel. Jessie 8016.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTB— Coa.tl--.gd.
PIGEONS for Sqab-breedlng; Hena. Runt-
Hen and Runt-Homer cresses; cheap; stats
quantity, lowest price, ""Where to be seen.
Box 5407. Call offlce.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO., r. 405, Adams
bldg.. 206 Kearny St.; phsne Black 3036.
SAVE storage charges; a good piano wanted
in a private house where it will be carefully
used. Box 3001. Call office.
WANTED—Rooming-house; 4 or more blocks
north of Market; not more than $850. Ad
dress J. L. W., 3922 Sacramento st
WANT refrigerator, second hand or new. Ad
dress H., 917 O'Farrell st.. San Francisco.
WANTED—FamiIy cow; cheap. V. CLEVE
LAND. Frultvale. Cal.
WANTED—A good bicycle Box 8361. Call
office.
OyFICTg ATO BTQBEB TO LET.
FOR rent—High grade, newly furnished offlce
room; 539 Crossley building; $60 monthly,
with stenographic work; legitimate business;
references.
LOW rent; part of shop. 630 Mission st
MISSION, 1427, near Tenth—Desirable store In
good location; rent reasonsble.
LARGE front offlce, gas, water and electricity.
133 Powell st.
STORE to lease at 111 Ellis st Apply at
barber shop. _____________
MUSIC A L INST HUME NTS.
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS.
1 Haake $38; 1 Decker, $48; 1 Stoddard, $110;
1 Fischer, $125.
ALSO
1 Sterling. 1 Steinway. 1 Curt ax. 1 Vose. 1
Weber 1 Haines, and many others. Easy pay
ments. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Far
rell st
INVESTIGATE our second-hand pianos taken
in exchange during' holiday sale. Prices
way down; rent $2 up, allowed if purchased;
installments. $4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.,
235-237 Geary St.. S. F.; 1252 Brjcadway,
Oakland.
I WANTED—To buy, a good Stein way upright:
| price must be low. Address Piano Buyet,
511 Tenth st., Oakland.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. $3
j per month; one year's rental allowed if pur
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
! PARTY must sell large Steinway upright; cost
$700; price $286; will accept payments; no
' reasonable cash offer refused 237 Geary st.
FOR sale--Steinway square piano; no reason
able offer refused. 2545 Seventeenth st.»
j FINE upright piano; great bargain; must be
sold: $75. 1239 Mission St.. near Ninth.
j BOEHM piccolo for sale or exchange. Box 11,
Dimond, Alameda Co., Cal.
I FINE upright piano, $3 per mo. See E. ROOK
j ER. transfer man, sth aye. and Clement st.
1 $60 UPRIGHT; one $30" upright; one good
__square. $20. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st,
I A SMALL, Steinway upright; cost $500; $185
takes It. 237 Geary st.
! FISCHER upright; cost $350; will sell for $98.
j 237 Geary st.
ELEGANT uprlghfs.new &2d hand,s4s to $500.
Pierces Piano Factory. Market and 14th sts.
i SOHMER Byron Mausy pianos Cecelian piano
i player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
; NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay
ments. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister st_
8-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickerlngbaby grand:
Snonlnger. little used. Keeffe's.. 285 O'Farrell.
I
,
i "R-H-X-R-A-l I-O'S"
M-A-R-V-E-L-O-U-S
N-O-N-M-E-D-I-C-A-L"
H-D-M-A-N-I-Z-E-D
"R-A-D-I-U-M"
. T-R-E-A-T-M-E-N-T.
I "T-H-O-U-S-A-N-D-S" have been (quickly)
CURED of alleged I-N-O-U-R-A-B-L-E dis
eases, of ALL kinds. Patients FLOCK to the
offices from ail over this coast. See their
TESTIMONIALS: also REFERENCES to
grateful CITY patients. CONSULTATION
free. Terms MODERATE. Call and INVEB
TIGATEa Hours. 2 to 7. RADIUM HALL
i and offices, 1 Fourth st. (upstairs), corner
Market.
SPECIAL BETWEEN SEASON LOW RATES
this week for facial bautlfying; a face with
out a wrinkle With the contour and fresh
color of youth may be had through my
scientific treatment; consultation and hook
let free. ' M. ELLA HARRIS. 128 Geary st.
! A RELIABLE cure for superfluous hair, B. B.
B. Bagllsb Caramel; $1 a treatment; .free
demonstration; keep your skin smooth and
I beautiful and prevent wrinkles by using our
Skin Food, 60c a Jar. ELITE DERMATOL
OGY INSTITUTE, S3B Market at.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hslr. im
proves its growth.stops failing.cures dandruff
j and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp: at druggists',hairdressers'ac
cept no substitute. Star Remedy C 0..1338 Polk
J. .TONES, picture framer, late of Mission st.
and Larkin st.. San Francisco, now at 1514
Park st., Alameda; big after Xmas reduc
tions on frames and wooden articles for
| burning.
j RAG "carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres, dealer In
carpet twine in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth St., Oakland.
RUGS made from old carpets; Ingrain, brus
sels, tapestry and moquette; chenille cuajsjtns
woven into new rugs. Fluff Rug Factory,
I 862 Market st., Oakland: take West Bth car.
jA. SIMONOFF. ladies' tailor, has removed
from 1209 McAllister St. to 331 Leavenworth,
where he can be found at the new parlors;
best work guaranteed; call.
j ROYALTY PAID ON SONG POEMS
and musical comnositlons; we arrange and
, popularise, pioneer music PUB. CO..
inc., 590 Manhattan bldg.. ("hicago. 111.
I FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
I 1*99. 2122 Fillmore st.; phone Geary 2053.
;AT less than cost: vmcalled for suits, over
coats and trousers at jCHARLES
London Tailor 721 Mnrket st.
A GUARANTEE TO~GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
j YOU can buy $76 worth of furniture for $7 30
down and $1 50 per week.. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Past St.. near Powell.
WOULD like promoter on the patenting of
novelties and other utilities. CHAS. E.
HUNTER. 201% Polk st.
LADlES—w"hen In need, send for free trial of
neverfalling remedy: quick and safe. PARIS
CHi.MK'AL CO., Milwaukee. Wis.
A—Wrli.kles, pimples, freckles, moles, super
fluous hair removed; latest method. Mrne.
Marie. 1012, Ellis st. /
REBILVERING of looking glasses _at_, 1334
Mission st. f
MRS. DR. GWYER, 611 A Leavenworth st., be
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
j EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS, 1127
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed: electMc needle. Mrs.
Eaton,369 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary,r.3B.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50: dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair fo its natural color. $1 at all druggists'.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements ana subscriptions hss
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
CHEAPEST and best in America—The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
pdstage paid.
_ WAHTED.
REAL estate and Insurance partner wanted ;
young man (or woman); country offlce; splen
did chance for eight party; full knowledge
of business not essential; amount required.
$850: full particulars Saturday, Sunday and
Monday, 10 a. In. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 8 p. m.,
at 1104 Markef st.. room 20.
PAT-jTTS.
INVENTIONS patented F. P. MEDINA, at
torncy-at-law. 6 Hobart bid... 632 Market st
PHY3ICIANS ASD SUEOEOKf.
DR. C. C O'DONNElAi—Orflcsand residence,
lflSlft Market at., bet. 6th and 7th; particu
lar attention patd to diseases of women.
BLOOD, akin and recta! diseases a specialty.
DR, BALL. 1073% Market at.
REMOVED—DR. WONQ HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 116-U7 Mason St.. now lo
cated at 667 G-ary st. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO the famous herb doctor—All dis
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlntham, 8 Powell.
BOOMS FOB HOUSEKEEPING).
BUSH, 614—Sunny suit of front rooms ana con
necting- kitchen; gas range; phone.
BRYANT. 421—One or two sunny rooms, nicely
furnished for housekeeping; gas.
ELEVENTH, 106—Elegant front suit com
plete for housekeeping; gas and bath; single
rooms from $1 60 up.
FELL. 228—Nicely furnished suits housekeep
ing; central; $14; bath; gas range; adults.
FOURTH. 73—Rooms $5; two for $8; will furn
ish If wanted; electric lights; phone.
FOURTH. 401—Two. rooms furnished com
plete for housekeeping.
GEARY, 1225—Fine, sunuy, bay-window suite;
all conveniences; nice marine view; also
other choice rooms; reasonable.
GEARY, 946— Housekeeping rooms; bright,
sunny, clean; reasonable.
GOUOH, 210—Five sunny rooms, completely
furnished for housekeeping; open Saturday,
Sunday or evenings for inspection; reaa.
GOLDEN GATE, 219—Front room; housekeep
ings; single and double front rooms.
GOLDEN GATE, 631—Single room for house
keeping ; reasonable.
GEARY, 610—Housekeeping or single rooms;
by the day. week or month.
HARRISON, 2408%. bet. 20th and 21st—Two
sunny front rooms with bath, gas stove, gas,
Included: rent $12.
HOWARD, 212—Furnished rooms for house
keeping; central; clean; tiuiet; no children.
HOWARD. 822—One suits housekeeping; also
single.
HOWARD. Housekeeping rooms.
HYDE. 410—One housekeeping room to let,
HYDE and Washington: apply 1509 Wash.—
Suites 2 or 3 rooms for hkpg.; newly fur.
JACKSON. 910—3 sunny outside rooms; com
plete for housekeeping.
JESSIE. 323—1 sunny room furnished for
housekeeping; $2 75 and $3 75 week.
LARKIN. 1300—Sunny front room, water,
stove, large closets; every convenience.
I LEAVENWORTH, 212—Two housekeeping
| roams; ground floor.
1 LIBERTY. 502—2 unfurnished sunny rooms for
light housekeeping; use of bath.
! HARRISON. 405—Housekeeping rooms; single
! -and en suite: furnished rooms; sunny rooms;
electric light; bath.
HOUSEKEEPING rooms. Apply at 546
j Minna at.
j HAMPTON place, 7, off Folsom. near Third—
3 sunny bay-window housekeeping rooms;
j nicely furnished; connecting.
i zz_z '
! HARRISON, 897—Housekeeping rooms to let.
HOWARD, 701B—Two housekeeping rooms;
one front; gas, bath; call to-day.
I HOWARD. 728 —Housekeeping rooms.
I ,
I KEARNY, 104 — Three sunny unfurnished
rooms; bath; $20: bay window; front,
! KEARNY. 305—Nice front rooms, with fire
place; also late hkpg. rooms, with gas, bath.
i LANGTON, 15, near Seventh—Three neatly
i furnished rooms for housekeeping; rent rea
j sonable.
j LARKIN, 413—Two front housekeeping rooms;
nicely furnished; $4 50 per week.
' LARKIN. 1004—Two sunny front rooms; new-
I ly furnished; gas range; running water; reas.
LEXING.TON aye., 143, bet. Mission and Va-
nice front housekeeping rooms;
bath, gas, use of kitchen; for man and wife.
LARKIN. 1214. near Pine—3 newly furnished
sunny front housekeeping rooms; yard; $18.
: <
LEAVENWORTH. 214—Sunny rooms to let.
LEAVENWORTH, 606. near Geary—2 fur
nished housekeeping rooms.
MARKET, 1163—Housekeeping rooms to let.
4
: MONTGOMERY. 109— Sunny front suite of
housekeeping rooms; tel. Black 6713.
; MARY. i-'B. near 5tH —Three sunny furnished
houaekeeplng*Tooms $15, two $10 per month.
. M EACH AM place. 7. off Post, above Hyde—
Three sunny furnished hkpg. rooms, $15.
MAYBBLLE, 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness—Sun
[ ny turn. 3-rm. Van Ness suites: $28 and $26.
; MARKET, 737—Single and housekeeping rooms
i with gas range, reasonable.
! MISSION. 1729ft—Two housekeeping rooms,
front, $3 per week; also single. $1 50.
!NA D MA. 625 A— Furnished housekeeping
L _*'ms to let.
; OAK. 117—Roomt, complete, housekeeping, *J
to $12; gas range: hot bath: adults.
O'FARRETJ,, 208—Three nicely furnished, sun
ny rooms, 3 beds; gas range; yard.
j O'KAPRELT/, 913--Two sunny rooms; piano;
phone; grate; modern; private.
i O'FARRELL. 1341, near Laguna -Furnished
housekeeping rooms with conveniences.
| ___»
! POLK. 522—Nicely furnished suite for hskpg.;
j front room: plenty sun; $18 and $20.
; POLS, 505 —Large, clean, alcove rooms;
small kitchen; gas stc<ve; phone; adults; rea
sonable.
PINE. 768—One large furnished room for
housekeeping.
, SECOND. 149—Furnished rooms for light
J housekeeping.
| SDTTER, 2279. near Scott—Modern sunny far*
I nished 4-room flat: 9 to 12; adults.
I SDTTER. 1117- Nicely furnished front room;
gas, bath and phone. •
i SIXTEENTH, 3077, near Valencia—2 neatly
furn. rooms for housekpg.; complete: reas.
SI "ITER, 1144—Three or four unfurnished
rooms; very reasonable.
SUTTER, 1204—Two or three housekeeping
rooms for man and wife.
THREE nicely furnished housekeeping rooms,
Including iiiano; references. Box 3342. Call.
TWENTY - 2874—Tw0 furnished
sunny front rooms for housekeeping.
VAN NESS aye., 508—Parlor suite and kitchen,
complete for housekeeping.
VAN NESS aye., 517—Front suite for house
keeping; sunny; reasonable.
WEBSTER. 1229—3 or 4 rooms, complete for
housekeeping; bath. Phone Pine 56.
BOOKS TO LET—Furn. and Unf urn.
A—- THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 rooms; 35 SUITES
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM:
SUITES WITH BATH. $1 50 TO $2 50 PER
DAY; SINGLE ROOMS, 75c TO $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
~A SI rVVORTH HOTEL. ~ ~
820 Mason st., bet. Geary* and O'Farrell.
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition Just completed; entire house
newly renovated; sun In rooms all day.
ATKINS, corner Third st. and Park lsrfle—New
' brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water; electric lights; only first-class houss
In locality; rooms $1 50 week and up. '
A—BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st.£-Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)—Rooms. 25c to 50c, $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store; 2 en
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk—Electric
lights, running water in every room; 208
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BUSH, 1710. near Gough—Fine, newly fur
nished sunny rooms, front and side; run
ning hot, cold water; bath; phone: use par
lor; reasonable; 15 minutes walk downtown.
BUSH, 502, corner Grant aye.—Suites and
double" rooms; reasonable.
BIRCH aye., 80—Furnished rooms to let.
BUSH,, 2133—Sunny hailroom, $4 50 per month.
BUCHANAN. 1387—Neatly furnished room.
-
BRYANT. 412—Sunny furnished room to Ist.
BERRY. 124 —A furnished room to let.
BROADWAY. 1118—Furnished room to let.
BUSH, 612—Furnished, sunny front room to
Ist.
BUSH. 768—Room to let.
BOOKS TO LET— Torn, said Vntum.
BUSH. 882—A large front room. _
BUSH, 1263—Nicely furnished front room;
suitable for two; $10; bath.
BUSH. 2444 —Sunny furnished room to let.
BUSH, 1006 —2 large rooms. *
BRANNAN, 514ft—Sunny furrftehed room.
A NICE sunny front bay-window room; con
venient to park and railroad. Apply at >-2
Central aye.
CALIFORNIA. 720— Rooms to rent; $7 up.
. __
CLARA. 142—Four unfurnished rooms.
CLAY. 1206—Sunny furnished rooms to let.
CLEMENTINA, 75B—Rooms to let.
CLAY, 2812— Booms to let.
CLAY. 2912—Furnished rooms.
CEDAR avo.. 117—Bay-window room.
CLAY, 1028—Furnished rooms.
CALIFORNIA aye., 229— Furnished room for
two genUemen. '
CHURCH aye.. 19ft— Rooms to let,
DEVISADERO, 1301 A—Nicely furnished room.
EDDY, 1233—Furnished room. .
EDDY, 1233—Furnished room to let
EDDY, 1254—Large commodious room; suit
able for two gentlemen: hot baths; breakfast
If desired; $8 per month. _
EDDY. 432—Nicely furnished rooms in choice
neighborhood; reasonable. ________
EDDY", 1233 —Furnished room to let.
ELLIS. 1166—Rooms to let. -
ELLIS, B—Furnished single room; reasonable.
ELEVENTH, 120—Suftny front rooms, single
or double; reasonable
EIGHTH aye., 674, on car line—Sunny bay
window room; near Golden Gate Park; flne
view. ______
ELLSWORTH. 128—Furnished rooms to let,
ELLIB. 732—Nicely furnished rooms.
ELEVENTH, 117 —Furnished rooms to Ist
ELLIS, 732—Furnished rooms to let
EIGHTH aye., 674 —8-4 sunny rooms; will fix
them up to suit; near Park.
EIGHTEENTH. 4064— Sunny furnished room
to let
EIGHTEENTH, 4241—Furnished room to let
| ELM aye., 1126 —Furnished rooms.
EDDY 323—Sunny furnished room; suitable
for 2 men; reasonable.
FURNISHED room for woman; $6 month; near
Kourteenth and Mission. Box 3333. Call.
I FELL, 083— Room ,to let.
FRANKLIN. 428 —Furnished rooms. *
FELL, 1127 —Furnished rooms.
FOLSOM. 620 —Sunny furn. flne house; large
grounds: also hkpg.; 8 blocks from Palace.
FIFTH. 100—Rooms to let, furnished.
FIFTH. 33—Furnished rooms to let.
FRANKLIN. 1459— Handsomely furnished
parlor to let.
FIFTH. 381 —Large room.
| FELL. 120—Furnished room.
| FOLSOM, 739—Furnished room to let.
] FULTON. 636—Furnished room to let.
j FIFTH. 403 —Sunny front room la new corner
flat; reasonable.
4,
FELL, 979—Rooms to let.
FOLSOM, 927ft—Furnished rooms to let
FOURTH. 225—Sunny furnished rooms to let.
FOI-BOM, 1220. between Bth and 9th—Light
sunny rooms; $6 up.
FULTON, 303 —A front suite of 2 rooms; ele
gantly furnished.
FOURTH aye., 323 —Nicely furnished, sunny
room for gentleman.
FOURTH, 491—Nice front room, suitable for
two; 2 beds; rent $10.
FULTON, 636—Furnished room to let.
FOLSOM, 1335—Large furnished room.
FURNISHED rooms to let. Box 3224, Call
office.
GOLD FV GATE aye.. WO*—2 nice, light j
rooms; phone; grate; bath; for 2 or 3 gen
tlemen.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 357—Newly furn., sunny I
suites: also single rooms; $2 to $5 week; bath. j
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission—Rooms 35c j
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room. 1
— - -
GEARY, 75G —Unfurnished room. j
GROVE, 407ft —Large front room to lefc
GEARY. 1622—Large alcove front room, with }
hot and cold water; use of phone. j
GREENWICH, 1029 —Large furnished room.
A SINGLE man Wishing a nice, sunny, front
room In a respectable family In a good loca
tion. 31 Guerrero st., near Market.
GROVE, 535—Rooms to let.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 639—Furnished rooms.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 123 X1 —Furnished rooms.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 632 —Furnished rooms.
HARRISON. 2410. bet. Twentieth and Twenty
first—Sunny front room; suitable for 2 men;
rent C 5.
HOWARD. 716—Furnished rooms, single or
double; central location.
HOWARD. 1569—Sunny furnished room to let.
HOPETON terrace. 7—Large front room to let
HYDE. 410—One sunny room to let.
HYDE. 408 —One front room to let.
HYDE. 317—Parlor floor; 3 sunny unfurnished
rooms.
HARRISON. 1191—Sunny room for rent
HARRISON. 676— One furnished room to let.
HOWARD. 1109—Furnished rooms to let.
HOWARD. 1312—Furnished room to let
HOTEL REGINA, 416 Turk st—Handsomely
furnished single rooms, with bath.
HAWTHORNE. 8. near Third—Neat furnished
room.
HAWTHORNE. 18. off Howard, nr. Third—2
large sunny rooms; yard, stove, sink; $10
month.
HAIGHT, 218—Furnished rooms.
HICKORY aye.. 261—Room to let
HOWARD. 1901—One furnished room.
HYDE. 112—Nice, sunny room for gentleman;
HYDE. 1119—Furnished rc/ms.
HYDE, 428 —Furnished rooms. '
HARLAN place. 19ft—Room to let
BOOKS TO L_CT— Turn. And Vaturn,
HOWARD. 638—Furnished room to let
HOWARD, 926— Nicely furnished rooms; rent
reasonable. ___________________
HOWARD, 734ft —Furnished rooms to let.
HICKORY aye.. 504—Rooms to Ist
H AYES 481 —Sunny furnished room for a gen
tleman; gas and bath: private family. (
HARRISON. 784 ft. near Fourth— Finely f_r
nished rooms; homelike; $1 week up.
HOWARD, 728—Furnished rooms.
HOWARD. 1161, bet. Seventh and BTlB*__—
Nice sunny room, suitable for 2; $1 wees.,
In family.
HOWARD, 728—Furnished rooms. (
JONES. 484, flat B —Rooms, with or without
board; suite and single, with private bath:
elegant new house; all modern conveniences,
no sl~ns. ' .
JULIA, 42—Furnished roon% to let
LOCUST aye., 608ft —Sunny furnished front
room to let. .
MARKET, 1049 (The Falmouth)— Sunny rooms;
$2 50 to $7 week; baths; slevator; also hkpg.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third St —400
single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day.
82 to $8 week: the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has offlce on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electrlo lights, call bells, steam heat
In svery room and gives free baths and ele
vator service day and night to its guests.
MINNA, 631B—Nicely furnished room; gas and
bath. <
MARKET. 993 —Furnished rooms.
■ ■ i
MARKET. 917—Furnished room.
MONTGOMERY. 109—Furnished rooms to let
MONTGOMERY, 121—Sunny rooms to let
MARKET, 1007ft—Rooms to let
MINNA. 922—Furnished rooms to let.
MASON, 1020—Large, front room to ls_
Me A LUSTER, 638— Two rooms; $10; hot bat—|
laundry; adults. '
MONTGOMERY. 18—Furnished room.
MARKET. 1802— Furnished room.
MARKET, 886ft—Furnished rooms to let.
MISSION, 1962—Furnished rooms to let
MONTGOMERY, 127 —Furnished rooms.
MONTGOMERY, 181—Rooms to let,
MISSION, 1514—Furnished rooms to let
MISSION. 1608— Rooms to let
MISSION, 1012—Rooms to Ist.
MARKET. 2148—Furnished room to Ist
MARKET. 1501ft—Furnished rooms.
MISSION. 2844—Furnished room.
MISSION. 2427—Suite of rooms, suitable for
two gentlemen.
MARKET, 1106—Furnished room.
MARKET. 1204—Furnished room.
MISSION, 573—Front room; $6.
MISSION. 1031—Furnished rooms. ,
MINNA. 1036—Housekeeping rooms.
MASON. 425—Furnished rooms to let
MISSION. 826--Furnished rooms to let
McALLISTER. 1953—F0r rent, one room $6.
two $12 and three $16; nice, new flat.
MINNA. CCS—Newly furnished sunny rooms,
suitable for two rentlemen.
NATOMA. 517—Furnished room to let
NATOMA. 625—4 unfurnished rooms to let
NATOMA. 254 —Nice sunny rooms,
NINTH. 126—Furnished rooms to let
NOE. 677—Single furnished front room; cheap.
OAK. 221—Nice furnished room to let
OAK GROVE aye., 19, bet. Fifth and Sixth,
off Harrison—2 connecting rooms; everything
•iew; :;as. bath, laundry: also large front
parlor, suitable for two gentlemen.
O'FARRELL. 208—.Nicely sunny
front rooms; also single; )2 50 to $6 week.
O'FARRELL, 230—Sunny front rooms, sings,
or double; house changed hands.
O'FARRELL, 1260—Single room, board If de"
sired; bath; modern: nice home; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 797. corner Larkin—Sunny bar*
window room;.cheap.
O'FARRELL, 1239—Rooms to let
O'FARRELL. 1399—Rooms to let; reasonable.
POWELL. 1911—Rooms to let.
PAGE. 20—Neat room; private family; $5.
PINE. 668—Furnished room to let
POWELL. 1014—Furnished rooms to let; new.
POST, 905—Two nicely furnished rooms con
necting. $14; single. $10.
PAGE, 1776— Two sunny, front, unfurnished;
rent reasonable.
POWELL. 216— Suite sunny front rooms, suit
able for manicure or massage parlors.
POWELL. 415— Small, sunny room, $5 month;
other room, $10 month.
PAGE, 278—Two cosy rooms, with bot bath;
» ————— /
PINE, 729—Rooms to let.
PINE. 100 C—Furnished rooms.
PINE. 644— Room to let.
PIERCE. 419—Two furnished room*.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis—lncandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room snd ladles' par
lor; rooms per night, 36c to $1 60; week. $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
RAUSCH, 88—Front room; 2 windows; $5 per
month; private.
RUSS. 14-18. cor. Minna—2 furnished rooms to
rent; for gentlemen; stove; double bed.
ROOM to let. Apply 707 Elizabeth St.; phono
Whits 3681.
______ »
SIXTH. 306ft—Furnished rooms.
FURNISHED rooms to let. Apply 149 Second
street.
SIXTH. 312—Rooms to let.
SIXTEENTH. 3275—Furnished rooms.
SIXTEENHH. 3241—Furnished rooms.
SIXTH. 101ft—Furnished rooms to let.
STEVENSON, 636—Two mmnT. furnished
rooms to let. -urnjsnea
SACRAMENTO. «UA--Nicely furnished
STANYAN. 810. opp. Golden Gate Park—
Sunny suite; single or light housekeeplng
STANYAN. 1128—3 elegant sunny unfurnLheA
housekeeping front rooms; new £££ - ait.
■ nne „ vlew '„ _ cap Gol<1 « n G -t« Park! Sist
adults: call before 2 week days. '
SOUTH PARK. 178—3 clean housekeeolnsi
rooms; gas range and yard, pUa-ROOMS TO LET —Furn. and Unfurn.
•• STEVENSON, 70—Furnished room to let.
• SjECOND, 87 —Furnished rooms to let.
. ; —
. SECOND. 217—Furnished rooms to let.
SIXTH. 143—Furnished room with housekeep
* ing privilege.
SHIPLEY. 52—Two sunny, unfurnished rooms
'to let
r SHTPXJSY* 234—Neat furnished rooms.
SIXTH st. corner room; sunny; reasonable;
entrance 465 Natoma st.
° SIXTEENTH, 2822 —Sunny furnished room,
single or double.
STEVENSON, 277—Sunny front room to let.
, • SUTTER. 975—Furnished rooms with all con
veniences.
"SAN CARLOS aye.. 178—2 rooms to Ist.
SECOND, 87—Rooms to let; $1 50 week.
SOUTH PARK, 146—Sunny front room.
SIXTH, 224 —Nicely furnished rooms for rent;
reasonable.
STOCKTON. 2016—Furnished rooms.
SECOND, 87—Furnished room to let.
SUTTER, 418—Furnished room.
SCOTT, 1781—Nicely furnished room.
—— ,
SUTTER. 427 —Sunny furnished room to let.
SUNNY front room; Western Addition; $6.
Box 8015, Call offlce.
"THE Launston," 110 Eddy—First-class tran- I
slent and regular rooms; low rates.
THIRD, 808—Nice furnished rooms: good lo
' cation; transient; 25c. 50c and up per night.
TAYLOR. 719—Two large, sunny, nicely fur- I
nished rooms, suitable for two; ph6ne Lar- i
kin 4048. I
"TAYLOR, BlsB—Nice, sunny room; water, 1
bath; clothes closet; $1 75 per week.
——* I
. . TURK. 828-—Sunny furnished rooms to Ist
TEHAMA, 168—Nicely furnished room: cheap.
TENTH. 12B—F_m1sheiS rooms.
THIRTEENTH. 68, near Folsom —Housekeep-
ing rooms to let.
TEHAMA, 68—Furnished room to let.
TEHAMA, 221—A nice sunny room to let.
TAYLOR 804—Sunny front room, kitchen,
pantry, furnished for housekeeping.
TURK, 1159 —Nice housekeeping rooms, newly
furnished: flat or unfurnished rooms: reas. j
TENTH. 149—One furnished complete house
keeping room; private family.
TEHAMA. 221-4 —Nice sunny room to let.
THIRTEENTH. 238—Nice sunny rooms to let;
•front; cheap.
__ — 1 1
' TURK, 123 —Clean, sunny furn. rooms, with
board: suite or single; housekeeping; $5 up.
TEHAMA. 160—Nice rooms to let.
THIRD. 230, corner of Tehama—A nice sunny
front room to let.
•'TENTH, 123 —Furnished rooms to let.
THIRD, 17—Furnished front room.
THIRD, 87 —Furnished rooms.
THIRD. 75—Furnished rooms to let.
TURK. 1025—Famished rooms.
TURK, 816 —Furnished room for gentleman.
TURK, 325—Furnished rooms to let; good loca
tion.'
TURK. ' 832—Nice sunny rooms; also single
rooms.
TEHAMA, 13 —Rooms to let.
VENDOME 1104 Market—Furn. rooms, suite
or single: suites $5 week up. 15 Turk.
" UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, nr. Market—loo
rooms 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec
tric lightr. mo gas), running water in every
. „ room; elevator, read.-room; free bus, baggage.
VAN NESS aye., 306—Room to let.
VAN NESS aye., 1008—Large and small rooms
to let.
VAN NESS aye.. 620 —Furnished rooms.
VAN NESS aye., 1100—Furnished rooms.
POLK, 610—Nicely furnished room for gentle
man; private family.
VASSEROT place. 9 —Rooms to let.
WASHINGTON,' 928—Furnished room.
WASHINGTON, 3037—Sunny room for gen
tlemen
WEBSTER. 1354—Sunny unfurnished suite In
modern flat; adults.
" . WEBSTER. 1351, near O'Farrell—Unfurnished
sunny housekeeping rooms; newly finished.
WILLIAM, 23 —Nice sunny furnished rooms:
• telephone; gas; price reasonable; key at 229
Taylor st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st, nr. Market-
Most corvenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus, baggage.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100s Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce, cor. Duncan and Church sta'
CHEAPEST and best ln America—The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for 1,
„ postage paid.
ROOMS A.NT. BOARD.
, HOTEL. L'AIGLON, 501 Geary St.—Large,
sunny rooms, board: suites, with board for 2,
$50 mo.; single, with board, $25 up; special
family rates; Just renovated.
JONES, 434. Flat B —Suite and single rooms,
with or without nrlvate bath; board op
tional; elegant new house; all modern con
. venlerices; no signs.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 10*!1. near Jefferson
Park—Furnished rooms: bath; private house;
•good board; $20; two $32 month.
POST, 1001—Newly furnished front rooms:
home -cooking; $22 50 single; two, $40-$46;
three, $18.
LEAVENWORTH, 1023—Room and board in
private family; good home cooking; bath and
"** phone.
BUSH, 709. corner Mason—Rooms and board;
terms moderate.
. HAIGHT, 68, near Market—Handsomely fur
nished room with good German board.
RETIRED teacher will board one or two
- small boyE. Address box 3034, Call office.
3 NEWLY furnished sunny rooms with board,
. $20; private family. 625 Golden Gate aye.
MASON, 015 A, near Sutter—Room and board
for lady; private family.
VAN NESS, 850— Sunny rooms; excellent
board, bath, piano, phone.
ROOM, with board; bath; electric lights. 1497
Seventh aye.. South San Francisco.
ELLIS, 453—Choice rooms; light and sunny;
all conveniences; best French table board.
FIRST, 323—Excellent home cooking; $4 per
week; with large sunny room $5,.
COMORA (The), 621 O'Farrell—Homelike;
quiet; best beds; table and service.
ROOM and board for gentleman. 2100 Sutter
4 street.
LARGE sunny rooms; phone; bath; good board;
warm belt. 93Q Valencia st.
3 FURNISHED rooms with board; sun all day;
private. 3055 Seventeenth st
PINE, 1951—Rooms, en suite or single, with or
without board.
CALIFORNIA. 807—Best rooms, table and ser
vice in the city tor the least money.
BOOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED—Room and board by refined young
lady; a sunny modern room east of Van
Ness aye. and south of Sacramento St.; ref
erences requiredlnstate price. Box 3356. Call.
A STUDENT of Affiliated Colleges wants"!©
exchange work<for board; understands house
work. Address box 3284, Call offlce.
YOUNG business man wants room and board;
priv. family; state terms; W. A. 3306, Call.
WANTED—Raom and board ln private family.
| Box 3009. Call offlce.
WE have left about 90 shopworn White* and
used sewing machines of other makes. We
Intend to close out the lot this week; clos
ing Biices will be from $5 to $25. Many of
these, machines are practically new and all
in excellent condition. White Sewing Ma
chine Co.. 915 Market st.
ALL makes; 2d-hand. $2. $5. $7. $9; new, $4, $8:
drop heads, 5-drawer, gold«n oak, $15; rented,
repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic
_J_. M. Co.. 146 Sixth st,; tel. Jessie 3796.
DOMESTIC—The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes
tic office. 1021 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
ALL kinds $3. $6. $8; slightly
used $10. $15, $20; you know where the dolls
swing ln the window. 1051 Market st.
AI_L kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran
_ teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission st.
SPECIAL HOTICES.
TH T ji following half-orphans have been J-d
-vnltted into the Nursery for Homeless CTill
dren: Jennie Campiau. 6 years; Llllie M.
Lowe, 6 years; Wilfred Janes, 11 years;
Gordon Dobson, 6 years.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco
Ladies' Protection and Relief Society will be
held at the home. Franklin and Geary sts.,
THURSDAY. January 12. 1905, at 2 p. in.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A—EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture?
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725
-731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 10 Drumm St.;
phone Mint 2041; .JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
_ moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving - Co., of
flce Post and Poweil sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and Furnitu re Moving Com
__P»ny. 2320 Fillmore st.: phone Jackson 281.
REKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
st.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rat»*.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters ai
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webeter Typewriting Inspec. Co .508 Market.
~~" TIATX.
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free: writs for It.
VIAVI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 282.
LEGAL HOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Dec. 15. 1904.—T0
whom It may concern: Be It hereby known
that the copartnership heretofore existing
between D. J. O'HARA and F. J. MONa-
HAN. under the firm name of MONAH AN
O'HARA ft CO.. Is hereby dissolved. The
said D. J. O'HARA withdrawing from ths
said concern and his name discontinued.
DANIEL ~T O'HARA. F. J MON' jH AN*
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE—The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco—At a regular meet
ing of the Board of Directors of this bank,
held January 3 1905, a di\ldend (or the
quarter year ending December 31, 1904, was
declared, at the rate of seven (7) p> r cent
per annum, payable on and after the 10th
instant: transf?r books w!H be closed from
the 10th to the Kith instant, both days in
clusive. GEO. GRANT, Secretary. San
Francisco. Cal.. Jan. 5. 1905.
DIVIDEND NOTICE: The Giant Powder
Company, Co.i.—A dividend. No. 73, of fifty
cents (50c) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company has bten declared pay
able n* the office of the company, rooms
202. 204 and 206. Hayward bldg.. San Fran
cisco, on Jan. 10 1905. Transfer books cloi-e
Jan. 3, 1905. at noon. C C. QUINN, Sec.
HUMBOLDT Savings Bank, now at 626 Market
street, opposite Palace Hotel, for the half
year, ending December 31. 1904. has declared
a dividend on deposits at the rate of thiee
and one-quarter (314) per cent per annuii.
free of taxes; payable on and after Tues
day, January 3. 1905.
W. E. PALMER. Cashier.
PROPOSALS.
NOTICE is hereby given that sealed bids will
be received at 16 South Hall. Berkeley, on
or before 12 noon, January 14, for the plumb
ing for California Hall, as per plans and
specifications on file at said office. No bids
will be considered unless accompanied by a
certified check or bond in favflr of the un
dersigned, equal to 10 per cent of the bid,
with sufficient sureties, conditioned that. If
the bid be accepted, the bidder will enter
Into a contract faithfully to perform the ob
ligations In accordance with said bid and
with said plans and specifications. The right
to reject any or all bids is hereby reserved.
The Regents of the University ot California.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE system; 2 schools: 810 Diamond]
521 Franklin. Inquire 521 Franklin. 8 to 12.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Elling Ellingson, 25, 317 Fell street, and
Nanna Hansen. 19, 1827 Market street.
Fred Snow, 39, 118 Sixth street, and Lena
Jacobson. 27. 206 Haight street.
Harry J. Leland, 21. Los Angeles, and May
B. Udy. 20. Yankton. S. D.
Raymunrlc Martinez, 24. 1318 Kearny street,
and Cleofag R. Sanches, 23, 9 Church avenue.
Henry C. Marson, .10, 20 Laurel place, and
Elizabeth Koerner, 32, 1024 Gough street.
Charles P. Westlake, 23, 2 Hayward street,
and Mary A. Vai, 18, 1243 Union, street.
Daniel McCarthy, 26, 1604 California street,
and Catherine Driscoll, 29, 310.3 Laguna street.
Charles E. Adcock, 33, 719 Taylor street,
and Agnes S. Adams. 24, 816 Powell street.
Horace A. Weed, 24. Weed, and Pearl B.
Payne, 20. Redding.
Josfah R. Howell, 37, city, and Gertrude E.
Dutton, 21, city.
William J. Clancy, 21, 837 A Mission street,
and Anita M. Campodonico. 18. 1717 Mason st.
Ernest G. Larson, 38, 1235 Golden Gate ave
nue, and Anna E. Fogelstrom, 32, 1 Cottage
Row. >
Glaecomo Ariccio, 25, Five-Mile House, and
Teresa Mangini, 30, Five-Mile House.
Kjetan Staugus. 29, Belmont, and Maria
Dombrowska, 18, Belmont.
BIRTHS —M AREI AGES —DEATHSL
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence* of per
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
CANTOR—In this city. January 7, 1006, t
the wife of Louis Cantor, a son.
CIPRICO—In this city, January 7, 1906, to
the wife of H. H. B. Ciprlco, a daughter.
COHN—In this city. December 30, 1904, to the
wife of Fred E. Cohn, a daughter.
PYNE—In this city, January 1, 1905, to the
wife of Augustus T. Pyne, a son.
SCHUMER—In this city, January 4, 1905. to
the wife of F. A. F. Schumer, a daughter.
SIEBE—In this city, December 81. 1904. to
the wife of Fred ft. Siebe, a daughter.
STENZEL—In Oakland, Cel., January 4, 1905,
to the wife of Henry Stenzel, a son.
SUHLING—In this city, December 30, 1904,
to the wife of F. J. Suhling (nee Neale), a
son.
MARRIED.
BILLINGS—LAUTEN—In this city, December
24. 1904, by the Rev. Frank Stuart Ford,
David W. Billings and Minnie Lauten, both
of San Francisco.
DEPEW-COYLE—In this city, January 1.
1906. by the Rev. Frank Stuart Ford. Nor- |
bert J. Depew and Clara G. Coyle. both of
San Francisco.
GOTT—MCCARTHY—In this, city, January 7,
1905, by the Rev. Edwin F. Brown. Fletcher
Kenneth Got*, and Cordelia McCarthy, both
of this city.
PARKER—PENCE—In this city, December 25,
1904, by the Rev. Frank Stuart Ford, George
Allen Parker and Mary Edna Pence, both
of San Francisco.
PARSONS—KEMBLE—In this city, January j
4. 1905, by the Rev. Frank Stuart Ford, !
Curtis A, Parsons Jr. of San Francisco and
Mabel E. Kemble of Berkeley. Cal.
TREDE—WILCOX—I n Oakland, Cal., Janu- 1
ary 4. 1905, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, John '
Trede and Mrs. Margareth Elizabeth Wilcox, !
both of Red Bluff, Tehama County, Cal i
VEYHLE—BONIFIELD—In this city. Janu- !
ary 7 1906, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Al- i
bert Veyhle and Theresa Bonifleld
WEED —PAYNE —In this city. January 7 I
1905, by the Rev. George W. White, pastor 1
Central M. E. Church. Horace A. Weed of
Weed, Cal., and Pearl B. Payne ot Redding.
Cal,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905.
DIED.
Ashby, Edgar—so Klumpp. MttMft—M
Becanne, Louis—24 Lindeman. Gladys—2
Benjamin,Tbaddeus—s2 Manning, Paul
Burnett, Jerome J. —28 MeConahy, Mary J,
Curley, Mrs. Mary—s9 McDermott. Margaret
Dowdall, Richard—B3 Mcßae, John—Bo
Drost, Johann D.—l 2 Peach, Harriet M. —79
Dunn, George W.—Bl . Reynolds, T. L.—54
Fauth. Elmlra M.—B9 Robinson, Christine—s7
Fitzpatrlck, Bridget—Bs Rocca, Aleesandro—3s
Freeman, Bridget—72 ifihertdan, Thos. P. H.
Fuson, Eunice Hazel—3 Spencer, Jemima —67
Gardiner, Frances Jane Walker, Harry T.—3l
36 Walsh, Charles J.
Gearhart I*. C—s6 Welch, Anna I. —80
Haines, J. W.—B9 Wells, Ellsa—6B
Hildebrand, Dr. Jennie Whltmore, Sarah—7.
Brooks—72 Wllzlnskl, Abraham—s9
Joost, Katherine Wiser, George G.—22
Kelly, Thomae J.—36 iZltnlak. Susana—3B
ASHBY—I n this city. January 7, 1906, Edgar
Ashby. a native of England, aged 50 years.
"C Friends and acquaintances and mem
bers of the Ship and Steamboat Joiners' As
sociation are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral to-day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock
a. m.. from the parlors of A. W. Martin &
Co, 319 O'Farrell street. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by 11:30 a. m. train from
Third and Townsend streets.
BECANNE—In Alameda, Cal., January 7,
1905, Louie Becanne, beloved and only son
of John and Maria Becanne, a native of Ala
meda, aged 24 years 5 months and 17 days.
BENJAMIN—In this city, January 6. 1905,
Thaddeus. beloved husband of Lottie Ben
jamin, at.d father of Grove and Robert Ben
jamin and Mrs. Mabel Watson, and brother
of M. H., W. A.. P. S. and D. J. Benjamin
and Mrs. Joseph Marks, a native of Cali
fornia, aged 52 years U months and 22 days.
•~*Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday January 8, 1905, at 2 o'clock p. m.,
at his late residence, 1352 Webster street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BURNETT—In this city, January 4, 1905,
Jerome J. Burnett, beloved adopted son of
Robert and Alice Stone, aud brother of
William Eurnett of San Leandro and Mrs.
J. Atkln of Alameda, and adopted brother of
Charles Stone, a native of San Francisco,
aged 28 years 4 months and 4 days. A
member of Court America No. 3, F. of A.
ir>'Fr:ends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 p. m.. from his late resi
dence, 118 Connecticut street, near Seven
teenth. Interment Mountain View Ceme
tery. Oakland.
CI'RLEY—In this city. January 6. 1905, Mary,
beloved wife of John Curley, beloved step
mother Of William and John P. Curley,
mother of Joseph T., Margaret L. and the
late Mary I. Curley. and beloved sister of
John C;!lner. a native of Ireland, aged 59
years and 0 months.
C7*The iuneral will take place to-morrow
(Monday) morning, at 9 o'clock, from the
residence, 645 I street, thence to St. Agnes'
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Hdy
Cross Cemetery.
DOWDALL—In this city, January 6, 1900.
Ric hard, beloved husband of the late Bridget
Dowdall, and father of Richard, William
and Joseph Dowdall. Mrs. William Gllmour,
Mrs. Chatles Spring and Mrs. F. Dasson
ville, a native of Ireland, aged 93 years.
(T-TFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Mondayi, at 8:30 a. m., from his late resi
dence. 156 Noe street, thence to Mission Do
lores Church, Sixteenth and Dolores streets,
where a mass will fee said for the repose of
his soul, at oa. nf Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from coi
ner Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 9:40
a. m. Kindly omit flowers.
DROST—Entered Into rest. January 4, 1906.
Johann D., beloved husband of Winifred F.
Drost, and father of Florence A. Drost, a
native of Germany, aged 42 years.
l"_**"Friends and acquaintances and officer?
and members of San Francisco Tent No. 18
K. O. T. M., are respectfully Invited to a'
tend the funeral services Sunday, January
8. at 9:30 a. m., at the parlors of the West
ern Addition Funeral Directors. 1724 Devisa
dero street, between Sutter and Bush. In
terment Lawn Cemetery, by train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at
11:30 a. m.
DUNN—In this city. January 7, 1905, George
W. Dunn, aged 91 years.
FAUTH—In this eit|L January 4, 1905,
Elmira M., dearly beloved wife of William
E. Fauth. and loving mother of Grace E.
Fauth and sister of Mrs. J. J. Waesen and
Charles and Harry Hawthorne, a native of
Pan Francisco, aged '!() years 3 months and
8 days..
C3"The funeral will take place Sunday,
January 8. at 2 p. m., from her late resi
dence. 238 Fourteenth street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral
car.
FITZPATRICK—In this city, January 6, 1905,
Bridget Fitzpatrlck. mother of James, John,
Hugh Frank and Richard Fitzpatrlck, and
sister of Richard. Thomas and John O'Con
nor, a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged
65 years.
ITTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 707
Mir.sicn street, between Third and Fourth.
FREEMAN—In this city. January 6, 1903.
Bridget Freeman, a native of County Wick
low, Ireland, aged 72 years.
(T-TThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday) at 8:30 a. m., from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor ft; Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re
quiem high mass will -be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, at 9 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FUSON—In this city, January 7, 1905, Eunice
Haze! Fuson, beloved daughter of A C. and
Maude Fuson, and sister of Marjory Fuson,
a native of San Francisco, aged 3 years 6
months and 15 days.
GARDINER—In Oakland. Cal., January 7,
1005, Frances" Jane Rosborough Gardiner, a
native of California, aged 36 years 3 months
and ''1 days.
CJ'Thi re will be a requiem mass for the
repose of her eoul to-morrow (Monday), at
10 a. m.. at St. Anthony's Church, East
Oakland. Interment private.
GEARHART—In this city. January 5, 1905,
L. C. Gearhart, a native of Ohio, aged 56
years.
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of United Undertakers. 866
Mission street.
HAINES—In Merced. Cal., January 6, 1905, J. !
W. Haines, beloved father of Parry Haines,
Mrs. Laetttia H. Cook and Mrs. Frantenia
H. Dale, a native of New Jersey, aged S9
years.
ID*Funeral and interment private.
HILDEBRAND — In this city, January 5, 1905.
Dr. Jennie Brooks Hildebrand, beloved mother
of Stanley A. Hildebrand of Sacramento, 1
Cal., Mrs. W. C. Henricl of Kansas City,
Mo., and Mate H. Cartwright of San Fran
cisco, a native of Covington, Ky., aged 72
years 1 month and 21 days. (Kansas City,
Mo.; Los Angeles, Cal., and Honolulu, H.
T.. papers please copy.)
jCFThe funeral services will be held to
day (Sunday), at 11 a. m., at her late
residence, 141 Julian avenue, between Fif
teenth and Sixteenth streets. Interment pri
vate. Please omit flowert.
JOOST —In this city, January 5, 1905, Katn
erlne Joost. beloved wife of Martin Joost,
and daughter of Sophie and the late Henry
Schroeder, and loving mother of Albert, I
Henry, Walter, Herman and Edna Joost. a j
native of San Francifco. A member of St. !
Paulus Frauen Verein and Sohuetzen !
Ladles' Club.
B""~'Friends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day >
(Sunday), at 1:30 p. m.. from St. Paulus?
German Evangelical Lutheran Church,
southeast corner of Eddy and Gough street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, via elec
tric funfral car frdm Eighteenth and Guer
rero streets. —
KELLY—In this city, Thomas J. Kelly,
brother of Harry;, J. X.. P. S. and Mamie A.
Kelly, a native of California, aged 35 years.
f£_?The funeral and Interment will take 1
place to-morrow (Monday) morning.
KLUMPP —At rest, ln San Mateo, January 4,
1905, Matilda, dearly beloved wife of Otto H.
Klumpp, devoted mother of William A.
Klumpp, and sister of Charles, Julius, Al
bert and George Eikerenkotter, a native of
California, aged 49 years and 7 months.
H*"""* Friends are respectfully invited to at
tend the funeral to-day (Sunday), at 11:30
o'clock a. m., from the very late residence
at San Mateo, Ellsworth street, near Bald
win avenue, via electric car. Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
LINDEMAN—In this city, January 6. 1906.
Gladys, dearly beloved daughter of Isadore
and Nora Llndeman, and sister of Charles
Lcland Llndeman, a native of San Fran
cisco, aged 2 years 3 months and 25 days.
CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at
tend the funeral from the residence of her
parents. 1328 Fell street, Bunday, January
8. at 10 a. m. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem
etery, via 11:30 train from Third and
Townsend streets depot.
MANNING—In this city, January 7, 1905. Paul
Manning, beloved brother of Edward and
John Manning and Mrs. L. Burnham, a na
tive of San Francisco.
tT"Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend ths funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 a. ra„ from the funeral |
parlors of James McGinn de Co., 214 Eddy
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral for
services, commencing at 9a, m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCONAHY—In this city. January 6. 1905,
Mary Jane, beloved wife of Theodore Mc-
■■.f>Y » C A LACHES CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED NDERTAKSRS,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers— _
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple,
NOW at 860 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Firth, near Fifth st,
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
F. J. Monahan, Manager. Tel. Mission 31
MONAHAN & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2385-2341 Mission St., near Nineteenth,
San Francisco.
Conahy, and mother of Gertrude France*
MeConahy, a native of Sacramento.
E7Friende and acquaintance* are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday) at 1:30 p. m., from the parlors of
Carew &'English. 29 Van Ness avenue. In
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
McDERMOTT—In this ( city, January 6, 1906,
at her residence, 605 Cole street, Margaret,
beloved wife of the late John McDermott,
a native of Ireland.
rcyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday) at 8:30 a. m., from her late resi
dence, thence to St. Agnes Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the reposs of her soul, at 9 a. m. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
McRAE—In Oakland. Cal., January 8, 1906.
John Mcßae, beloved husband of Annie Mc-
Rae, father of Donald M. Mcßae, M. D.,
and brother of Dugal D. Mcßae, a native
of Scotland, aged 80 years 2 months and 24
days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 p. m, from Leitch & Hen
derson's parlors, Eighth street and Broad
way, Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
PEACH—In this city, January 7, 1906, Harriet
M., widow of the late A. L. Peach, and
mother of Augustus N., Mary A. and the
late George H. Peach, a native of Salem,
Mass., aged 79 years 2 months and 10 days.
REYNOLDS—In San Leandro, Cal.. January
8, 1905, Tolbert L. beloved husband of Sarah
E. Reynolds, and father of Harry and Bert
Reynolds, a native of lowa, aged 54 years
9 months and 18 days.
ROBINSON—In this city, January 7, 1906,
Christine H. Robinson, beloved wife of L.
Robinson, a native of Denmark, aged 67
years 9 months and 23 days.
tCFFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attenaV.the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen, 22S McAllister street. In
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
ROCCA—In this city, January 6. 1906, Ales
sandro Rocca. a native of Italy, aged 35
years. A member of Court Inter Nos No.
18, F. of A.
(CTFriends and acquaintances sre respect
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 8. at 2 p. m.. from the parlors of
Porter & White, 4?3 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Italian Cemetery.
To ths officers and members of Court
Inter NOS No. IS. F. of A.—You are hereby
Instructed to attend the funeral of our 4ate
brother, Ah - andro Korea. Sunday, at 2
p. m., from the t riors of Porter & White.
423 Golden Gate avenue. By order of
W. O. JOHNSON. C. R.
SHERIDAN—In this city. January 7, 1905, at
his residence, 575 Bryant street. Thomas P.
H.. beloved husband of Bridget Sheridan,
anil fniher of Thomas F. and Maggie Sheri
dan and Mrs. H. Kestnes. and the late An
nie Sheridnn, a native of Ireland. A mem
ber of San Francisco Lodge No. 68, Inter
national Association of Machinists.
BPENCER —In Lorin, Cal., January 7, 1905,
J ■ ilmAi beloved wife of Jc soph D. Spencer,
and lovlntr mother Of JohD D. Spencer and
Mrs Mima Haas, Mr?. Bessie Davidson,
Mis Jenette Scar?, Mrs. Zole Boysen and
Mrs! Allte Armstrong, a native of Edin
burgh. Scotland, aged 67 years.
WALKER—In this city, January 6, 1905,
Harry T. Walker, beloved husband of Maj
Walker, ami ix'loved son of Henry and Mary
Walker, and brother of Mrs. Lilly E. Bean
and Joseph F. Walker, a native of Canada,
aged 31 years 3 months and IS days. A mem
ber of San Francisco Aerie No. 5 of F. O.
Eagles siid i the Waiters' Union, Local
No. 31. of Oakland. (Los Angeles and San
Diego Ddperß please copy.)
ICTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), under the auspices of San Fran
cisco Aerie No. "> of Eagles at their hall,
781 Marke' street, wher» services will be
held, commencing at 1:30 p. m. Remains
at tho funeral parlors of James McGinn &
Co., 214 l-Mdy street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
WAI.SH—In this city. January 7, 10C5, Charles
J., beloved husband of .Margaret M. Walsh,
and father of Catherine E. and Nicholas J.
Walsh, a native of Dublin, Ireland.
KTI-'riends and aequair.tar.ces are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 70 Sixth avenue, Richmond dis
trict, thence to the Star of the Sea Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross - Cemetery.
WELCH—In this city. January 6. 1905, Anna
Isabella Welch, widow of tl.e late Joseph W.
Welch, and mother of Joseph W., Herman
L., Isabella A. and Stanley T. Welch, a na
tive of Carr.bridgcport, Massachusetts, aged
SO years. (Cambridgeport and Boston, Mass.,
papers please copy.)
i"? Notice of funeral hereafter.
WELLS —Entered into rest, in this city, Jan
uary 6, 1806, Eliza, dearly beloved wife of
J. A. Wells, and loving mother of Mrs. H.
G. Shuham and Mrs. F. W, Perry, a native
of Dublin, Ireland, aged 68 years and 1
month.
ZLs~ Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1C o'clock a. m., from the resi
dence of her daughter, Mrs. F. W. Perry".
.'MOD Clement street, Richmond district. In
terment Cypreea Lawn Cemetery, by car-
WHITMORE—In this city. January 7, 1905,
s-aiah, beloved w ire of the late Charles Whit
more, and devoted mother of Mrs. Ella L.
Gregory. Mrs. F. A. Williams and Charles
A. Whltmore, a native of Maine, aged 77
years and 30 days.
WILZINSKI—In this city. January 7. 1906,
Abraham, beloved husband of the late Jo
hana Wi'zin.-kl, and father of Mrs. M. Hy
nian, Mrs. Leo Bruck and E.-telle Wilzinskl,
a native of Germany, aged 59 years 1 month
and 20 days.
and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral services
at 10:15 a. m., to-morrow (Monday), at the
residence of his daughter. Mrs. Leo Bruck,
1245 Ellis street. Interment Hills of Eter
nity Cemetery, by train leaving Third and
Townsend streets at 11:30 a. m. Please omit
flowers.
WISER —In this city, January 7, 1905, George
G. Wiser, beloved son of Horace C. Wiser
and Mrs. Smith, and brother of June. Hazel
and Millie Wiser, a native of Sacramento,
aged 22 years and 4 days.
ZITNIAK—In this city, January 7, 1905, Su
sana Zitniak, beloved wife of George, and
mother of Mary, Peter and John Zitniak, a
native of Austria, aged 38 years.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Jan. 7—WHEAT—For export:
| Walla Walla S!c; blue stem, 85c; milling,
'. Walia Walla,' 85c; blue stem. BStff9oc; valley,
87c; Eastern basis—Walla Walla. !®@B6c; blue
: stem, UOc.
WASHINGTON.
■ TACOMA, Jan. 7.—WHEAT—Unchanged.
| Blue stem, 88c; club. 85c.
. ~S~.
! $35,000 PAID FOR TEAM
BY ALFRED G. VA NDERBILT
Makes Quick Deal and Now Owns
Champion Four-in-Hand
of World.
The champion four-in-hand team of
1 tht? world—Full Dress. Rustling Silk,
I Sweet MariQ, and Polly Prim—was
i purchased in Chicago recently by Al
[ fred Gwynne Vanderbiit frpm M. H.
: Tichenor & Co., the price paid being
j $35,000. It was a matter of but a few
minutes for Mr. "Vanderbiit to close
the deal. He arrived in his private car
! early in the morning, met Mr. Tichenor
j at breakfast by previous arrangement,
! visited the barns where the famous
i four were stabled, examined the ani
-1 mals closely, asked the terms, accepted
i them, and at once made.arrangements
for shipping the horses to Newport.
Rustling Silk, Full Dress, Sweet
! Marie and Polly Prim were the undis
i puted champions of the year. They
| won the two first prizes at Louisville,
j both classes at Chicago and swept the
boards at Madison Sctuare Garden.
Besides this, Rustling Silk and Full
Dress won the championship pair
class at Madison Square, and all were
prize winners separately. Mr. Vander
biit was the guest of Arthur G. Leo
nard, general manager of the Union
Stock Yard and Transit Company. He
spent the afternoon touring the yards
and dined at the Chicago Club, leaving
for New York at 8:45 p. m.—Brooklyn
Eagle.
Drinking Less Champagne.
And what do you say of champagne?
I see that the Rheims Chamber of
j Commerce has published figures which
I show that the number of bottles ex
ported in the year 1903-04 fell off by
nearly 1.600,000, while sales for home
consumption increased more than 500,
--000 bottles.
Theße figures are interesting. It Is
very certain that the consumption of
champagne has dropped very largely
here, not only in hotels, but ln pri-
Yes, I think there has
been a certain change of taste. Whisky
is displacing champagne even on spe
cial occasions. People are drinking less
sparkling wine. Champagne Is a very
extravagant wine, especially at hotels
and restaurants, where 12s to 15s a bot
tle is charged for the best brands,
which cost 7s or 8a Any quantity* of
good champagne is to be had—'9B, '99
and 1900 were all good wine years. But
,the object of shippers is to keep up the
price of champagne.—London Tele
graph.
QUEER FACTS N
ABOUT COLORS
Blue Kays Are Found to Be
Most Injurious to Animals
as-Well as to Plant Life
CAUSE SMALLPOX SCABS
Sunstroke Can Be Prevented
by Wearing Orange-Colored
Garments in Hot Weather
•
Put a growing: plant under red glass
and It shoots up very tall and spindly.
Green glass causes a similar effect, but
not quite bo strongly marked. Blue
glass, on the other hand, seems to
dwarf vegetable growth.
A plant grown under blue glass is al
ways smaller than its neighbor under
transparent glass, although the condi
tions are otherwise similar.
A series of exoeriments in growing
plants under various colored glasses
was conducted by the well known as
tronomer Camille Flammarion, and the
results, as above, reported by him to
the French Academy.
Light and color are full of odd puz
zles, many of which are still a good
deal of a mystery. Dr. Nell Finsen,
famous for his electric light invention
for the cure of cancer, made exhaus
tive experiments on the effects of ani
mal life.
One or two of these were interesting.
For instance, he placed a number of
earthworms in a box covered half with
red, half with blue glass. In every case
the worms were found to crawl away
from under the blue glass and take
shelter under the red, where they re
mained quite content. Under blue light
they were invariably restless and ill at
ease.
THE CHAMELEON.
A chameleon lizard was then placed
by the experimenter in a small box, so
that half its body, was under blue and
the other half under red glass. He
noticed that at once the part under the
blue rays turned black, while that part
under red light remained almost white.
It wai evident that the creature was
using its pigment cells to protect it
self against the disagreeable effects of
the blue light.
It is now universally acknowledged
that the blue rays are, of all the vis
ible rays received from the sun, the
only ones that can produce injurious
effects upon animal or plant life. It is
these blue rays that cause scarring in
smallpox.
The skin in this disease becomes al
most as sensitive as a photographic
plate. If the patient is kept in the
dark no scarring results. But a red
light is equally harmless as darkness
and less unpleasant to the patient.
Sunstroke, as it is called, is pro
duced not by light rays at all, but by
the chemical rays of the sun. Sun
stroke may thus be termed a photo
graphic effect and therefore use color
to fight it.
Treat the body as a photographer
treats his dark plates. Envelop it not
in black, as usually done, but in
orange. An orange-colored shirt and
a coat lined with orange fabric have
actually been tried by officers in In
dia who, had to march during hot
weather. Men so attired were cer
tainly rendered immune to sunstroke.
Certain blind persons can tell the
color of a flower by laying it against
their cheek. Actual experiment shows
that blossoms of certain colors are in
reality warmer than those of other
tints.
A scientist who recently carried out
a series of such experiments found
that dark reds and browns gave the
sensation of greater warmth, while
lemon yellow was the coldest color.
Pink is warmer than white, but white
—curiously enogh—is warmer than
violet, blue or yellow.
A rather odd fact about yellow is
that a yellow light has greater power
of penetration in foggy weather than
a pur" white one. It has been proved
that ihe yellowish light of oil or gas
Ifi a lighthouse lantern can be seen
farther out at sea than can the pure
white of an electric lamp.
In clear weather and by daylight
green is visible at the greatest distance
of any color, much fareher, for in
stance, than scarlet, which is usually
imagined to be the most brilliant of
colors. Indeed, blue, end even dark
gray, are far more visible at a distance
than is scarlet.
About a year ago the experiment was
tried at Aldershot of blotching a field
piece all over with splashes of different
color. It was found that at a short
distance it was quite indistinguishable
from the hillside upon which it stood.
WARSHIPS ARE GRAY.
That gray light is a most useful color
for purposes of concealment is proved
by the fact that warships are now
painted that color.
There are only three colors that can
not be resolved into any simpler colors.
These are red, green and violet. It
seems odd, then, that the primary col
ors are usually given as red, green and
yellow.
The fact is, however, that from the
latter all other known colors can be
compounded.
Dr. Baraduc produced photographic
pictures of the emotions, taken by
means of an instrument termed the
magnetometer. Anger is shown as
rays diverging from a center. Jealousy
as a cloud, love as a feathery shape.
More recently another investigator
has declared that all the emotions have
their respective colors and that these
are visible to persons under psychic in
fluence. *sA.nger flashes are of deep and
lurid red, love is rose-pink, jealousy
green, while devotional thought Is ex
hibited in clouds of deep blue.—Wash
ington Star.
Sewing Machines for Esquimaux.
A band of eleven Esquimaux from
the Aleutian Islands passed through
Seattle on their way home from the St.
Louis Exposition, attired in the gar
ments of civilization, and two of the
squaws are taking back sewing ma
chines, which will be installed in their
ice huts to supplant the bone needle
and gut thread with which they have
been wont to sew their garments.
On the down trip the party could not
appreciate a bed, and all slept on the
floor. Now they take to the beds as
naturally as they do to seal oil on their
native heath, and, strange as it may
seem, none of is homesick and all
are anxious to return to this country
next year.
One of the articles that are being
taken back by the head of the party is
a stovepipe hat. He saw President.
Roosevelt wearing a high silk hat at
the fair, and when told it was the
President who wore it at once commis
sioned Mr. Bales to go out and buy him
one. As becomes the dignity of the
chieftainship, he will only wear the
hat on state occasions.
The four children are also dressed in
kuickerbockers, shoes and stockings,
and are very proud of their American
garb.—Exchange.
FEAR TO ROB
A. B. A. BANKS
Burglars and Forgers Not to
Attack Banks That Belong
To American Association
•
OFTEN RETURN PLUNDER
Association Never Gives Up
the Hunt for Those Who
Offend One of Its Members
At the convention of the American
Bankers' Association ln the Waldorf-
Astoria the protective committee made
a report of the hold-ups, burglaries,
forgeries and other crimes to which the
banks of the country had been sub
jected during the year ending Septem
ber 1.
The association, or A. B. A., as it Is
called, spends an immense sum yearly
to protect the money vaults of its
members from the depredations of
crwoks. It never lets up on a criminal.
It will spend $10,000 to run down a thief
who steals only $10. It has proceedetl
on the principle that if it can con
vince the professional bank crooks
that, sooner or later, they will be pun
ished for any 'thefts, the funds of its
members will be practically safe.
The Pinkerton detective agency is
employed by the year to run down
bank thieves of all kinds. The con
tract of the A. B. A. with the Pinker
tons puts it squarely up to the detec
tives not only to arrest every offender,
but to keep sleuths constantly in touch
with professional thieves, so that they
will be able to warn a bank that has
been selected as a good one to plunder.
AVOID A. B. A. BANKS.
The report made by the Pinkertons
of their work in the last year shows
that the A. B. A. banks suffered com
paratively little, while the non-mem
ber banks bore the brunt of tjie losses
through crooks. That the determina
tion of the A. B. A. to run down any
thief who attacks one of its banks is
bearing fruit is shown in two instances
where crooks returned plunder when
they found that the banks they had
robbed belonged to the A. B. A.
Referring to the forger, the report
says:
"'the professional forger has during
the last year been unusually active,
but we have caused the arrest of thir
ty-five forgers, convicted twenty, who
were sentenced to fifty-three years and
seven months, in addition to which six
w ere sentenced to indeterminate terms
in prison; one escaped, one sentence
suspended, %vhile ten are awaiting trial
and five were released."
What happened to crooks who preyed
upon banks during the year is shown
in the following summary:
FORGERS AND SWINDLERS.
Arrested 35
Convicted 20
Awaiting trial 10
Released * 5
Escaped 1
Sentence suspended 1
Sentenced to specific terms 13
Sentenced to Indeterminate terms 6
Total specific sentences, 53 years 7 months.
Average specific sentence, 4 years 1 month.
BANK BURGLARS.
Arrested 42
Convicted 35
Awaiting trial 1
Released 5
Escaped 1
Sentenced to death 1
Executed 1
Sentenced to specific terms 23
Sentenced to indeterminate terms 10
Total specific sentences. 126 years 11 months.
Average specific sentences, 5 years 6 months.
During the year 111 banks were at
tacked by burglars. Of these only
twenty-four were members of the
A. B. A.
The total losses of the A. B. A. banks
were $10,857 61. while the non-member
banks lost $75,607 11. Of the sum stolen
from the A. B. A. banks $1816 17 was
recovered.
Thirty robberies which had been
planned against A. B. A. were thwart
ed, the detectives learning in advance
of the schemes.
Nearly all of the bank burglaries
were made by "yeggmen" or half crook
and half hobo, according to the report,
which says:
"Although during the year your mem
bership has been increased by over 600
banks, many of them in small towns,
the successful burglary of members
has been less and the amount obtained
by them more than $28,000 less than
last year. Of the amount stolen, $1,
--816 17 was recovered.
LAID TO THE "YEGGMEN."
"We attribute many of the attacks
to recent additions to the 'yegg* burg
lars, whose ranks are continually aug
mented from the large floating popula
tion of 'hoboes.' From 1898 the opera
tions of the 'yegg' burglar on banks
have gradually increased."
In former years banks suffered great
ly from sneak thieves, but last year the
number of these crimes was very small.
They have decreased since the A. B. A.
adopted its protective system. Refer
ring to sneak thieves the Pinkerton re
ports says:
"That they fear your association has
been illustrated by the prompt sending
back of stolen property. This year
there were two notable cases where the
stolen property was promptly returned.
"Securities valued at $6000, stolen
from a Baltimore, Md., member were
found by the president of the bank as
the result of an anonymous telephone
message.
"ln the other case a tin box, contain
ing bonds about to be issued, of the
face value of $50,000, was stolen by
sneak thieves from the vault of the
bank and was returned from Milwau
kee by express, with a note."
This note, referring to the A. B. A
membershio sign, read:
"Please put your sign where your
customers can see it, and save them
trouble."
There were three daylight "hold-ups"
of banks' during the year, two of the
institutions robbed being non-members
i f the association.
The report says the Pinkertons be
lieve that Harvey Logan, the famous
bank and train robber, who escaped
from the Knoxville.(Tenn.) jail on June
27 of last year, is dead, having been
killed in an unsuccessful nold-up of a
Denver and Rio Grande train near
Parachute, Colo., on June 6 last.
The body of the bandit was photo
graphed by the Pinkertons and the por
trait shown to a number of men who
knew Logan. Several of them partly
identified It. The A. B. A. had been
hunting Logan ever since the summer
of 1897, when he robbed the Butte
County bank of Montana.—New York
World.
Twenty Minutes for Divorce.
It required only twenty minutes after
the filing of the bill for divorce yester
day for Judge Gibbons to grant a de
cree to Isaac Colburn, who lives at the
Chicago Beach Hotel. Mrs. Louise
Clap Colburn of Dedham, Mass., was
the defendant. An agreement as to
alimony was made outside the court.
Desertion was the ground on which
Colburn was given the decree.—Chicago
Tribune.
WELL-GUARDED
INSTITUTION
A Company of Guards Brig
ade Mounts Duty Every
Night in Bank of England
WELL W T ATCHED IN DAY
Two Unseen Policemen Note
All Who Enter or Leave,
Ready to Act on Occasion
It Is commonly known that a com
pany of the Brigade of Guards mounts
duty within the Bank of England every
night- The men, with a diminutive b»u r
gler at their head and commanded by
an officer, may be seen marching from
Wellington Barracks, along the Thames
embankment, into the city every even
ing, not even Sunday or the merry
night of Christmas being allowed to
break the rule.
But it is hardly known at all how the
bank is watched and guarded through
out the day. Thousands swarm past
its portals every weekday hour, never
suspecting the presence of two men
who are invisible, yet who are so close
to the traffic of the street that they
might also arrest the passing'pedes
trian with outstretched hand.
ALWAYS ON WATCH.
These two men are detective officers
of the city police, and from 9 o'clock in
the morning till the bank closes they
never leave their post—at least, not to
gether. If one has occasion to be ab
sent for a moment the other always re
mains, but, generally speaking, they
face each other the whole day long.
Why are they there? The explana
tion is that there is never any knowl
edge where they may be wanted. There
is a species of gentry to whom the
Bank of England is always prime game.
Bank notes, again, for various goad
reasons, are always being stopped, and
there is never a moment when a stop
ped note may not be presented by a
shady character. When'this happens
one of the alert watchers appears In
the noteroom as if by magic.
SEE ALL VISITORS.
As has been already said, they are
rarely seen until they are wanted. In
the wall which divides the main en
trance into two portals is constructed
a sitting box of woodwork and glass,
and here, facing each other, in con
stant readiness, the two officers sit
throughout the day.
The one with his back toward
Thread-needle street can observe every
person who leaves the bank, whether
on his right hand or on his left; the
other with his face toward the street
can similarly see every person who en
ters through the gates. But neither in
comer nor outgoer can see the two
watchers until he comes almost abreast
of the box.
ROGUES WHO ARE FEARED.
It is when the clock of the Royal Ex
change strikes 3 p. m., the heralding
the last hour of business, that the of
ficers are most alert, especially of the
last half hour, that anything may hap
pen.
One rogue may hope to pass a
stopped note, a second may attempt to
pass a forgery, a third may be look
ing for an opportunity to whip off
somebody's cash bag and a fourth may
try to loaf unobserved until the doors
are closed in the hope of a chance to
make a haul.
For these reasons one of the officers
always remains within the bank pre
cincts until 6 o'clock, his colleague be
ing free to leave at 4. The governor
and court of the bank pay, of course,
for the two hours' additional service
and there is every justification for the
extended precaution. When the detec
tive officer has closed his duty the mili
tary guard marches in for the night.—
Washington Star.
REGULAR ALLOWANCE
FOR THE CHELDREW
Give Certain Stipend, However Small*
and Teach the Right Use
Thereof.
The father may be of great assist
ance to his boy when he is old enough
to have an allowance of spending
money. A boy's first idea of th 3 use of
money is to buy everything which at
tracts his fancy. When an allowance
is made him he should be advised as to
its proper expenditure, but if he. is to
learn to spend wisely he must be per
mitted to use his own judgment When
he has made a few mistakes and finds
himself out' of money before the day on
which he receives it he will learn to
spend more carefully the next time,
A father sometimes prefers the plan
of giving money to the boy as he may
feel disposed; sometimes the amount
may be very liberal, at other times
very meager, and at others none at all.
The method has nothing to recommend
it, and cannot possibly teach the boy
the proper use of money. If he has
only to beg his father long enough to
produce any desired amount there will
be no reason for his exercising any
care in spending it. Although the
amount he receives simply depends
upon the generosity of his father, he
will in time come to demand it as a
right, and he will spend it as his fancg
may dictate. From this method he will
never cultivate economy nor learn to
save large amcrbnts by small sacrifices
and the saving of small amounts.
If an allowance is promised a child It
should be paid as punctually as to a
business man. Otherwise he will im
bibe ideas of laxity in money attairs
which will hurt his business career.
Allow the boy to decide whether the al
lowance is to be paid to him in money
or credited to his acccount in a book
which he may keep for the purpose.
It will probably be more satisfactory
to both parties for the money to bo
paid each week, and the boy may
learn to save it by opening an account
at a savings bank. Ths amount of the
allowance may be exceedingly small,
but it will be sufficient to give him a
feeling of Independence.
The accumulation of money and the
necessary discipline are great factors,
and the father who teaches his son to
expend it wisely has prepared him for
many of the serious problems of life.
As husband and father, the man of the
house has the power to make a home
very happy or miserable. He is looked
up to with reverential love unless he
himself destroys that sentiment, and
he is the greatest man In the World to
his son until he lowers the standard set
for him.
Coldest Place in the World.
Werchejansk, Siberia, is considered
the northern pole of cold, or place of
greatest cold in the northern hemi
sphere. A temperature of 69.8 degrees
centigrade below zero (the freezing
point of water) has been observed
there, but the Russian painter, Boris
sew, has found a temperature of 70 de
grees centigrade below zero registered
on a minimum thermometer left by an
Austrian exploring expedition in 1872 in
the Straits of Matotchkin, Nova Zem
bla. Another maximum thermometer
registered 14 degrees above zero centi
grade as the highest temperature since
1872. Apparently the place has a good
title to be regarded as the polo of cold.
London Globe.
4950
■ — - ■ I
HALT'S. I 5^ L £' S - _ _J__ . -J HALES. Jg^^U^^^~^—■ ™ ~ ~~
sale Sheets and Pillow Cases
Spells Economy atll^jgf^Starting To-morrow
2500 Bed Spreads and Hundreds of Yards of Muslin are Under Priced to Round Out the Occasion.
75,000 Sheets and Cases in this one store alone —besides all the other thousands in five other No matter if you don't live in San Francisco, or within personal reach of the store, order any
California stores A larger number of Sheets and Cases than was probably ever gathered before of these values by mail and we will fill the order promptly as long: as quantities last,
at one time by any other fetai ling organization this side of Chicago. N ° whether you just want a single new Sheet or pujow Case, or whether you want
<v one ume uy any uuici i«wm s & a t j . thg dozens, fl A^//^ r now than will likely come again soon.
But it's the gathering of larger values that we want to emphasize most, for they re the inter- f / s a safe Hme tQ * {q Qne Q f {he thousands Sheets and Cases is stamped with good
esting part of the whole event. And it san event we have worked ahead to since last January. qua jjt y and backed by the broad Hale guarantee—"Entire Satisfaction or Your Money Back."
It's a matter of store pride to replace that big, bold record that is looming up back there by a bigger, We have had to more than double selling space and more than double selling people. We
bolder record this January. want buying to be as easy as possible. Half the window front foil of Sheets and Cases'and
It's a matter of greater store pride to be able to print this good news for thrifty shoppers to-day. Spreads, so you can get an idea of the values to-day. First.
-— j] 30,000 Splendid Sheets and Cases [t~ A „ $uoo^-^~
Single Pairs Curtains To Sell at Less Than Wholesale Cost For Men at a New Price, 75c
.At $1.45: Regular $2. 50 Curtains. Even Sheets, Size 00x108, at 78c Lots of sp i endid patterns in madras cloth,
At $1.95: Regular $3.00 Curtains. Seconds from one of the biggest Eastern mills, equal to lots of firsts; some of them a trifle soiled. Others may have percales and Oxfords, all with separate cuffs;
~t , • • j vi a thread pulled too tight, or too loose, or one lacking. .i, „. _„„ •„. , r . n \* n j- tr ..„ tv o
pearly 500 single pairs, m madras, cable f * overconscient ious, but he is building his firsts up to a high standard and his seconds make a 1? ™ c in9tead of $Io ° to-morrow. Its one
and Nottingham weaves, ends of our own an tunit such as hotel and i odging . h ouse keepers should welcome with open arms. Full meaning will come out when you of the most important moves we have ever
lines grouped with a large number we were the sheetg and cases> the prices interesting made for men. We must have more room.
by rt th n e a m as fmperfect.Tt we can't find the Bleached Sheets, 54x00 48c Bleached Sheets, Bix 93 y 2 63C Pillow Cases, 42x36 12c
imperfections in many of them. 6 3 x 9 0 52C 90x90 68c 45x36 14c Team? S& orSSSSy bSTa
$3.00 curtains at $1.95 and $2.50 curtains at ! — o - TOr lAr» sturdier shirt
$1.45. Imperfection in prices will cause a big stir to- 03X99 OOt 90X99 (*v 50x30... IV)W Suspenders. 200 pair—Made of strong lisle elastic web
morrow. But one pair of a pattern, and the most at- r*c%~ o O ~ * t<rr*+ Ding, leather ends, strong buckles. A sample line
tractive will surely be taken first BIX9O t>"C 9OXIOO (oC 54x36 I*C or they would be 85c.
o„i — r*«._ _r*««««- Cotton Sox. 8 l-3o—Lisle finish; ln black or tan; seam-
C>raSS KOUS lOr Draping ~ t S • IT% t f * a. If 1 • mw less, stainless, double heels and toes; all sizes 9to
tains at 7%c 54x90 Sheet at 37c 3o=in. Bleached Muslin, 7c L-s| «
Curtain Swiss at 8 l-3c: j t » s bleached. It's a bargain, for it's of fine heavy sheeting Just 4600 yards of it. Strong, soft finished muslin, the kind to |J ——- 4
swiss. °36 8 inchls wide! sctaSfassjfem a\id C Targe and it's way under regular price. 63x90, at 42c; 72x90, at 47c; U se for underwear. It's one of the best values we ever had, one j 250 EnVCIODeS, 3.5 C
sized dots. In full lengths it would cost 12% c o r „ M -„„ . * 7
yard, J^*" 88 lt>s »» io to 25 yard pieces it s 8 i-3o 01x90, at 52c, 90x90, at 57c. tnat wi u f ce j most g enera l w h en the quality is felt, for muslin is 1 No. 5, extra heavy, white, well gummed.
rouch Covers at $1 00- Fm ° w ° % " M ~ ID B&m ° he&vy guamy ' " %c * A ™*' 15 °' *** usefulin ever y home - If y° u don>t need {t now *™ v kee P- Xt hty ' T<t 50 packas:e or 250 in a box at 35c *
" just 150 couch covers, m* the Oriental narrow ft 1 yOO A t lOr wiU pay to buy It to-morrow at 7 c yard. Thtyrt usually 50c box. We have planned an
stripes, 50 inches wide and 3 yards long, fringe all 1 J%\ Vf k/llVWlo Cll KJ WV» envelooe day to-morrow Here are
around. Regular $1.50 covers at $1.00. All on the HfllV J C U*' * £.1/ cuvciupc u*y to-morrow, ncrc arc
second floor to-monrow morning. Bleached and full double bed size. Made Of gOOd muslin. MtU Lamt > rtC at T**' T+W* Envelopes st WJJO bo«-Regularly $1.80. or 10c
m q ~ ~ , , . It's bleached. 3« Inches wide. If It was in full pieces it would be 10c ya*. package; size 9or 10; white, extra heavy, well
* Sheets that WOUld be low priced at SOC. 39c Starting tO-morrOW. It . B ln pleces i onff enough ror any use. To-morrow at e*c. gummed. 600 of them at $1.50.
_~„....,., • 250 Baronial Cream Envelopes, 46c—Well gummed. 46c,
>— Q Linen rimsncd Sheet 44c: it 11 U/4JVA 11 4- X V A or 6c package.
Samples Guipure Scarfs SKES sSsfa?A^3 'zr'- " - a — ™°"*» th ' "'■ ■ Unbleached Muslin at Yard 3
r vjMipui v *^ w ** a / T t » s inches wide It's a heavy coarse muslin It will Ho. 7 Envelopes, 46c box of aso—white, wen gummed
At 49C 59C and 79C 54*9° Sheet at 44c: ltS 30 mcncs wiac - ALS a ncavy coarse mu&nn. 11 win and extra heavy; regularly 60c. At 460 box, or So
~ , ' A , It's made of heavy standard sheeting, bleached; size 72x90 at 64c; 90x90 at bleach white most before you know it. $C yard. package.
That WOUld be up to $2.00 in a regular way. A j 64c. It s one of the best sheets, one of the greatest values ln the whole sale. Q |
TZw n /nftZ m tl!fl front ii B[x9o Econbmy^at 70c: Bleached Muslin at 5c Yard p <
they re On tne table in iront Ot tne art de- \ It's the best sheet for good hard wear and comfort: soft, heavy, doubly
partment to-morrow. °to q be J ll6 most wear comes - lt>s an econ - It's 36 inches wide, a good soft muslin, free from dressing. $5 a MOttth—NeW Offer
ot°h^rs°with 90x00 Double Warp Sheets at 75c: 5000 yards of it to-morrow; regular yy 2 c quality at 5c yard. Concerning Sea Id Troubles
In Vtifenf double warp for double wear. They're made- for Hales. The best sheets for , . , * ,
art h° tels - for the y' re made of Meeting: they're bleached. They're as good If YOU have dandruff Or falling hair. Maybe
art oepanmeni to morrow. for private use. 90x90 at 75c; 81x90 at 70c. J . 6 *
Free embroidery classes are forming. Les- 72-inch Unbleached Sheeting at 14c yard: CottOll IOWCIS 3.t 6C t0 V ' '
sons Wednesdays and Saturdays under an ex- f Twenty-five per cent less than regular price because they're the manufac- * d sartofwassS* glvt^yo^^filn^treaTment*^
■ pert instructor. £ft eC ° n ° my tO - m ° rr ° W - That keep the sheets and cases and spreads good company. 100 \ -n- - Sj^ B ™^ B^^u^
3 — 6 Dll C 4- t i dozen of them, hemmed, size 16x31, the kind that sells regularly , free - Rie * zanlne floor 
> __0 tJOUU I IIIOW 3t 11C at $1.00 dozen. These have border on one end only. Mill seconds * *
Economy to Buy That are & ood I S C cases » size 45 x 3 6 » of g°od strong soft muslin, and they're 6c each. An opportunity for big users. 5 ~ " 1
lMntinriQ «t It>s heavier than you . will find in many ISC CHSCS - The y' re well Turkish Towels ioc: New Pyrography Outfits
ttl m a de . They're lIC tO-morrOW. Unbleached, size 20x40; splendid bath towels. 10c, To Sell at $2 4S
This week. Let the prices tell why. 42x3 6 PiUow Cases at ioc: Crash Toweling at 8c yard : Eaual to most fu « outfit<J Th.v on fK.
T * - 6Wd Pl€CeB: tegular oualities. It >. all linen; it's bleached; 17 inches wide. Just 80 pieces of it; regular 10c ™°f* J X
fS. so-eo-mch one., printed on both Hemstitched PiUow Cases 22c: value at so, starting to-morrow. * tourth floor in stamped wooden boxes, com-
Pancy d pin Cards. 3c card—Contain 84 Jet-headed pins. Size 45x40%. Fine quality, made with the spoke stitch. If you are think- Table Damask at 4OC yard '. P lcte Wlth lar^e Dulbs ' n «avy platinum point,
Needle Books. so—Contain sewing, darning and chenille ing of economy in finer cases, then think of Hale s to-day. 50x40%, 84c; 64x J / lamn and benzine bottle cork handle ac
needles, 1 hat pin and 4 shawl pins. 40% at 27c. Regular 50c quality, 64 inches wide, unbleached. lamp ana Dcnzine ooiue, corK nanaie. J>2.45.
Sleeve r °* e c t,^ r 1 "' 15 ° — C l o* CkS a^l^c blaCic ' 1 W*% "1 J JL. W T • Larger ones st $3.46 that are equal to $6.00
2500 t>ed at Under Hrices r^^rw^sss-.^r^^
with safety pn top and nickel button clasp; small. WW mM »» w» * « » Then there are Plscques from 9o to $1.66.
medium and large sizes. m SI -- ■ - ■■■ v __ .
r^iTr*r: B , P,n l" *° a Crocheted, Marseilles and Satin Finished SwwE^ ,!w^"aB?
Tabular Shoe Laces, 10c dozen—4-4, 5-4 lengths. '
Corset Steels, 5c pair—4-hook, black or drab. Prices Start at 79c. p {
Wir ineSes To^g. way*!i k of straight. a packaga ' 2to 8 All sizes, for single, three-quarter or double beds. All values that should interest big users even more than small users, for Q ■ m
■^naJn^k^s^^^^^T 1 on wUh the more you buy the more you will save. First ' ~^
Sp^f a "°or k wh?t d bra " : Crochet Spreads at 79c: Crochet Spreads $1.50: Marseilles Spread $1.69: Colored Satin Qitilts at $2.50: 36-itt. Madras at 10c
Cotton. 3 W l. So-Blaclc. tan. white ,!S $1.2 5 ! R 80x89. af $3.50; most of Sma » damt >' f »ll 3 6 inches wide, at
Brass Pin. 3« natter value - • I ' 4s ' double Ded size - re e u " Fringed, size 76x80. double bed size: them; \ bed size and double bed ioc yard. .
a snool- hit T Stt l t 1 i?n t . blUe bIU6 ' Pink BcautiM Satin Spreads at $3.50: $to e b f ° r »r W Olngham. st 10c_27 inches wide. Large
Basting Cotton. 6 spools 5C—5O yards to a spool White. f l. T> ~J <t T , . raiiciuo. , r ro j number of Drettv natterns to chooss from 8
Arm C $1.19. Double bed 76x80 piner on Marseilles Spreads $2.50: d «k
heads iuSr'nVedte'pohlts - Slz « 78x9 °- « ood neav y regu- W ,me rrm g ea opreao Ot J>l-50. extra large at that ghouM be &n blu „ and blacks small figured patterns. Regular
neeaie points. $J 3g yalue fj lg Double bed size, 86x93. $6.50. At $7.60, that should be $10. and $3.00. 12 % c sua" l * »t 9c yard.
o 1 6 1 1 o 1 —<
SO r Or
New Highest Price Mark o 1 *3> Wf I** + *Ckf \T\ iOk CZ iZZ f\ sTk sTk sfl O the New Amsterdam
In Millinery, $4.65 5,3,6 UreSS IJOOdS Si|k Qloves at 50c Rr
The most elaborate hats in the whole department, not one ril auu 1 aiu They're here at last in red, pongee, gray, mode, black,
of them marked higher than $46? A sale of s Pl endid suitings that regularly would be from $1.00 to $1.75 a yard. In many brown and white. Sizes 5 and 7in red and brown and Bin
Among them are black velvets with'.iik tn t si a c * scs you wHI $aye z half ' and in every case you can choose your new wmt er dress from among black and white.
French feits with wing.; hats like those that soMfor «Hts** $t*ss P at terns that haven't been shown in San Francisco before. • Tnose „ plendld aouble . t!ppea „w> the end , ef tna flnser ,
morrow""" "** ° f "~ ™ It>s for that reason "»* wi » ™ *™ "gular prices. We are help- |» ni | CSn 1 S"? Saf woS„ like gfad^to
j ; ing a mill dispose of its surplus stock where it won't interfere with its tSIaCK 3IIKS I know these n ™ onea are here ' 800 palr -
~ ° regular trade. Yours and ours is the benefit. The mill is "lad to take And some specially good • "C
J P the loss. See some of the suitings in the windows to-day. news of specially good silks. 1 -4
Undermuslins--2d Week At 55c yd. At 75c yd. b^tlt Women's Jackets, $4.45
January Sale Takes a Fresh Start. Quite a variety of 45 and 50 inch Fancy Suitings in 54-inch coverts, ant ee every yard. It's the first of many new prices that go into effect to-mor-
Splendid new values for the new week start with $1.00 Suitings fancy twine suitings, h 2 14flCn Black Taffeta sfe tow morning.
\A/U;+-«, Cl,;-4.« ~4. AO granites, lace striped voiles, mistrals, 7 * ... Rich, lustrous, rustling qual- T , ,
VV nILC OKirtS 3t 40C canvas,.batistes and Panama suitings, men fancy mixtures; regular $1.00 ity, regular 65c value. Jackets that were $8.75, $7.95 and $6.85.
And two styles to choose from; one with a lawn flounce and 55c yard instead of $1.00. 4 S and 50 an d $1.25 fabrics at 75c R £|!ct 9 S l Ss r * UrteB0 ~ AH wo ° l med ? um weight kerseys, 27 inches long, stylish
six hemstitched tucks; the others trimmed with embroidery; " A . Q - * Regular vai^e 5 $^ et »** 75<v - little coats, collarless, double breasted, in black and castor
l ZH 4 t°b' 42 T d If'tn . s At6sCvd At 85C yd. sizes 32 to 44. At the new price, $445
-and* "he v ffe JfunSKlHf X Ut,tT ° f tt w * * J '' v 54-inch mannish tweed suitings, 54- 2Wi. Black Peafl de Soie at t«C: , Covert cloth coats that are 27 inches long. In weights that will be com
Other Skirts at 69c: At soft ..^The^vt" winter fabriTs in fancy boutonne suitings, 54-inch SaMBS SSXtI at made ' Il " ed with
fancy .ibelines, 5 6-inch fancy Scotch *«™ PHce $7.95 fOP $10 Jack
with embroidery; lengths 40. 42 and als and blacks ' Re g ular ? I 2 S values suitings. Regular $1.50 and $1. 7 5 fl B%ch S ' OP TOUrJ Bt CoatS etS
At 97c—8 «t-/!es ln Skirts: fine cam- others up to ' at 65c yard. fabrics at 85c yard. $I.Bs—Regular $ *50 value. * * Many of them "WonltM"- ah tm. ...
brie; lengths 40. 42 and 44. Others Qowns at 27r . I C ? nrt .1 ? * ? All-wool kersey jackets.'lined with
up to $4.38. UOWns at Z7C. \ 0 J and misses coats that were $8.75; satin throughout; 27 inches long
rnrset Cnve"s it 8c- mill a U d See > how - gener " Q 9 1 s fflS> ' JU_IJ O ——O all-wool mixtures. Some with vel- with velvet military collars; front'
\&»MLffi 11? * vMaTTsn w» h k r/'r,r a ~
neck; sizes 32 to 44. 17 TffftT -pns- mill baking devionstra- with broad tailor-stitched straps.
A At £nr s^!, ! " to S! a** *** **** ,B, ° coats at i «^4 bac sv.S a^
Dr°awers U at to 2Tcl°' cSmises at 47c: 7 f Trf /M \ak e . a movement that brings an unusual
c& e canTbrl sty,es ' of soft ™* floor. ""I* , ° Pport " n,t >'- > ,<w otitside of San Francitco you'can
fie and five tucks. At 69c— 3 styles; others up to $8.87. I Cake from falling. Order by mail. / \
O ' — ■ O O —O 6 —o A '
MABKBT BTBBBT. BBAB SIXTB. BAB FBABCXSCO. ° — .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1905.